 

Pnse2

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1937

 

State College News

latahllahed hy the Clan of 1918
The undergraduate Newspaper of New York state
Collele for Teachera

 

Pahllahed every Friday of the college year by the lea
Board repreaentlng the Student Aaaoclatlon
Telephonea: omce. o-oars; Gumaer, 2-0424; Dexter,
2-4 16: Sold, 2mm; Gaylord. 2-4314
Entered in second clan matter in the Albany, N. Y., "stoma

THE NEWS BOARD

Hana? T. GUMAna . . . .  . . ....Edi’tor-in<0hief
Fr. E. anrna....................Managing Editor
Weaan I. Dansnoan......Assooiate Managing Editor
Dnvxn B. SMITH...........Assooiate Managing Editor
Borma Wonzox. .. ....Assooiata Managing Editor
Lanai“ Sm. . . . . . . . . . . . . .Business Manager
Canons W. GAYman...........Advertising Manager
Minoan!) E. NionrmoALn.........Circulation Manager

in..

4......

 

THE NEWS STAFF

Cnssnas N. Moaais...................Sports Editor
Henna CLYDE.................Wome1|'8 Sports Editor

Sophomore Desk Editors

Charles Ettiuger, Robert Hertwig, Edgar O’Hora,
Jean Strong, Charles Walsh

Associate Editors
Elizabeth Gooding, Mary Lam, Robert Margison,
Virginia Stool, seniors; Muriel Goldberg,
Ramona Van Wie, juniors
Assistant Sports Editors
Charles Franklin, William Ryan, Clement Wolff

Business .9th
Business, Grace Castiglione, Roland Waterman; adver-
tising, Joan Byron, Gordon Tabner; circulation,
Victoria Bilzi, Margaret Hora, June Palmer

 

Pam'rno BY Born PEIN'I'INO 00., Inc, Alarm, N. Y.

 

 

Student Affairs Test
Good Citizenship

The administration rule that‘students must
have paid student tax and class dues in order to
secure the services of the Appointment bureau
should put an end to a condition long lamented
by the activities and the extra-class conscious
students of State college. No longer should
student activities be forced to cut their pro-
grams because of the failure of disinterested
students to pay for them.

The fairness of the new ruling will not be con-
tested by those who realize that interest in the
affairs of one ’s community is a prime requisite
of a teacher. Extra-class al't'airs are the stu-
dent’s community life for four years, and there
is no reason why the record of one's support ol’
them should not be available to principals loolc
ing for teachers. ()ne's mark in citizenship is
certainly ol’ as much weight as one's mark
in subject matter or professional educational
courses.

The ruling should have a dual cli'ect, both
increasing participation in student. all'airs and
making,r these all'airs able to run on a full time
schedule.

The Last Straw

Scooters, paper airplanes, or anything,r else you
wish to call them. should be the main topic ol'
conversation ol' cvcry State college student.

if you Were one ol' the few who failed to notice
the utterly iiai'Ve and disgustingly ,juvcnile tit“
tion ol' some ol' your l'ellow students in their
form of amusement at the splendid elementary
class prmluctioii. it should be called to your
attention at once.

This is the. second time that this outrage has
taken place in Page hall. l’cople paid good
money for the reserved seats, and \\'l|lll, do they
get during' the intermission? 'l‘lic scnsc ol' humor
ol' the paper airplane enthusiasts drives them to
hurl llicir childish toys down upon the bends ol'
those below the balcony.

State college as a professional trainingr school
cannot all'ord to obtain the reputation which
such action would presuppose. When lllc oppor-
tunity atl’ords itsclt' l'or us to present cntcrtaiir
man ol' the caliber ol' this production. it’s ll
crime that the name ol' the school must be sub-
jcctcd to ridicule.

There is one way to prevent repetition. united
student censorship. isn’t it enough that the
imliccilic laugh ol' some who cannot respect the
ctl'orts of our actors should disrupt plays? 'l‘bis,
together Willi the airplane episodes, is about the
last straw.

 

 

May We Have An Answer?
A Plea For Facts

Commentstater

We are worried. Frankly worried. And, as a result
of all this mental headache, we want to ask a few ques-
tions . . . just a few, not many. You see, we have
been reading over the report of the committee which
was to draw up an elections plan. We found that the
report provided for an Election Commission. We were
agreeable. We read on. And when we had ﬁnished,
we sat back and thought. The following is the result
of our eogitations:

First of all, and most important, who.
this commission take care of? Doc.» it
student association elections, or to election »i all organ-
izations, or to elections of class oﬂieors‘l If to all of
these, it is a big undertaking. It only to the student
association, it seems a reasonable project. Inasmuch as
Myskanin, senior honorary society, supervises all class
elections, these are automatically ruled out.

Now, then, what are the powers of this commission?
Ono dclliiitc duty is given: the supervision of assembly
progrnnis at which nominating speeches are given. One
vague duty is mentioned: the regulation and super-
vision of’ pro-voting activities. We don’t quite know
what this means. Are these one and the some thing"!
Wlint are the “pro-voting activities”? And are these
the only duties? if so, Student Council should care for
them adequately. It doesn’t seem quite reasonable to
spend so much thought and effort on such minor matters.
Perhaps a little elucidation would liolp here. We’d
like it.

And, [just as a point of parliamentary procedure, does
the student association wish to give to ﬁve ol’ its mem-
bers, be they the most honorable of its number, such
powers, so indeﬁnitely stated, which they can veto only
by the exercise of a two-thirds vote? Would not a
majority be nuﬂlcient‘.’ A vote of two-thirds is a thing
seldom required, and only in matters of great importance.
Such acts as the reversal of the decision of the chair,
the reconsideration of a motion, or an amendment to
the constitution rightly require this vote.

As we said before, we’re worried. There is undoubt-
edly ample. reason for the existence ot’ this commission.
'l‘licrc is, of coursc, some reason for the committee’s

 

 

 

 

lei 'ions does
ply only to

report. liut what is it“! We hope it is explained.
I I I f I
Have you read Yang and Yin, by Alice ’l‘isdnlc

llobnrt'! it' you haven’t you really must, aml soon.
liy the author of Oil for the Lamps of China, this book,
like its predecessor, tells ol’ contemporary life in China
from the American point ol' view. in this case the
Americans are the members of a missionary unit includ-
ing school, church, and hospital. ’l'hcir lives, their reac-
tion to Chinese traditional customs and beliefs, the dim-
culties encountered in trying to help somewhat the
appalling disease and ignorance ol’ the people, and the
resistance of the inhabitants ol’ the country to new
ideas, are all faithfully recounted. The book gives to
one the sense ol’ great strength and persiwcrnncc; it
reassures one us to the necessity of the progress ol’
civilization. incidentally, students of l'hlucation i will
liiid it especially valuable for its accounts ol’ the methods
and traditions of Oriental education.

a I t i h

We had thought, after much ado about the t‘oiiiiiioiis,
lo llnd conditions permanently improved. Were We cor
recl, or oiin unduly certnin ol' our l'nith in human
nature? (it late, perhaps because ol’ the extremely di-
generating cl‘l'ects ot’ tWo weeks ol' examinations, lllt‘
(‘oniiiions has once more been littered until the middle
ol' tlic morning, when the cloud ol' :islics :itlendunt upon
sWeepiug causes :iunoyniicc lo all and sundry. llui
illusions, poor things, are slinllored, :is the very dust

which arises before the broom. l‘nn nothing lH‘ done"

 

Cover To Cover

 

('(In sale in the ('o-opi

Story Parade, published monthly by Hltii'y I'iirmlc.
lnc., ('iiindcii, New Jersey. ils'it) per your.

Story Parade is ll magazine for children three to
fourteen years ol~ iigc. its publication is sponsored by
the .\rss(u‘iulllill l'or .\I'ls in ('hildliood lnc., \vliosc llllll
is to cultivate the appreciation of the arts among cliil-
ili'cu. and expression in them by children. It. is u
magazine llllll children will read avidly; still it is
n lnuguziiic that is llllil'l' tlmu iulercstiiig to illlllll\.

'l‘lie l“l‘lillllll"\' lull? is as cugi'ossing as the
picture "llcei' and li'uuu on the cover promises it
Will be. Mni'gnrcl Itiiyiiiond's "'l'hc Weaver's Hung"
is u story .lw l'iill ol' magic us all the "oiiec upon-u
time " stoi'ics that children There tlii'ec.
[mum in the ~<lHl"\ that fairly sci'ciim to be pluycd.
and the illustration lll't‘ appropriately piquniit.

lion Lang’s "Nibs .\ Little llccr of The .\diroii
ducks " in the fascinating story of a town who bccoiiics
doiin-stli-iitccd and his adventures when he is again
turned the forest. 'l‘lic illustrations are by
Kurt Wiesc, who drew the eovcr.

There are book reviews and poetry in Story Parade
lilso and an excellent article on iiiarioiiottos which
makes your llngcrs itch. in the back of the book is
the “ ()ur ()wn ” department, made up of contributions
sent in by young readers of the magazine.

INHIII‘

love. are

loose lll

 

State’s Stage

Elementary Dramatics Plays
Outstanding Sets
Big Success

Statesman

 

 

 

P LAYG O E R

State college can well be proud of
this year’s Elementary Drainntics‘
class. One of the finest presentations
in its history was made to an appre-
ciative audience through their annual
one-act plays. Competent direction
and supervised stage management
made us realize what can really be
done with our elementary students,
especially with a class as promising
as this year’s.

The first play of the evening gave
us what we most hoped ton—Ruth
Sinovoy’s chance to display her un-
usual talent. Her characterization
was an outstanding part of the eve-
ning. Her accent was good, the char-
ncterization complete, and above all,
her easy, assured stage presence was
a pleasure to everyone. At times the
action as a whole slipped, making the
excellent comedy lose some interest.
We felt that a quicker slipping ol’
cues, especially after l’eter llart’s
lines, would have suitably hastened
the tempo. llis lines, although some-
times a little too drnwlcd, were mostly
in keeping with his character.

In Miss Jesse’s role We found our-
selves viewing a typical New York
“gal”. She played her part. to the
ﬁnish, aided by smart lines and ex-
cellent costume and make-up.

The only lot‘down in the cast was
Joe liecsc. lie was seldom at case on
the stage, and forgot to do the
“sinart-alcck” suitor when he faced
his audience. The brother didn’t
come up to the best, either, in his
natural style. However, we are al-
ways unxious to watch our HOpllO‘
mores’ development, aml we do hope
they will continue their efforts.

Probably the only drawback to the
set was the fact that, when entrances
were made from the stairs, we were
annoyed to have to share the nervous
tension ol’ the actors who had to wait
at the bend ol’ the stairs until their
cues were given. It was quite. :iwk
ward.

“Such A (‘linrming Young Man”
had an unusual scll’rcrcntivc set Which
met our eyes as the. lights were raised.
l"or a smart. sophisticated comedy,
the opening lines Were superb. licttv
lInyt'ord immediately drew the iiudi
cnce’s attention, although she did slip
n little later. .Ioc Wells played his
part nicely for a beginner. At times
he wasn’t as tlexiblc as n iionclinluiit
man about town should but no
rciilizc it was his llrst public appear
once at State. We liked .\liss [lull
in :1 natural role, as did l\'i-ii
llornu. Witll more practice he prob
ably would have improved
but \\'i' don’t condemn him.
Well have used
cvnguerutI-d exlciit, literally tll'll\\i'l1'
pictuies in the :iii' to let us in on bl~
.'\t that pul'lil'ulnr point in
Ibc plin there \\:is :i iiionolouv l‘i'it

 

 

 

ln'

\\‘l‘

greatly.
He could

his hands to n more

stories.

made even the illlllll'lll'l' Ill‘l'\ll||\‘, \\'i
unuled to hurry evci'yoiie’s :ictioii.
'l'lic “gorgeous l'l'l'i’lllll‘l'”, with

llt'l' |ll|l'l'llllt‘ll, ill lii'wi speech, couldn't
li:i\c been more cll'ectiu-l} poitriiycd
than by Jenn l.iclieuslcin.
unusual l‘llll', nnd lillcd nt
minute. .lenn, lltl\\'l'\'t'l',
every possible ilillil‘llll_\'.

We enjoyed the second plny, cspc
cinlly t’or props
wondered about the ueg chest in llll'
liiickgrouiidl, nnd coslllulcs Luck ol'
ill'lll lllll lilll \\I‘
only cncouriigcmcul for such a prom
isiug cast.

'l'lic l'luygoci' cniinot givi- lltlt'tllli‘ll“
"'l'lic Hpcnks"
\lis. l'nrsoii deserves much :ipplunsi-
t'or an unusual and gripping pluv
its si-lliu;5, characters, and plot nbou
tlo- author's widening nliilily and un
dcrstnuding ol’ drnuinlic technique».
compurcd uitli licr llrsl play ol' lust
vcnr. 'l'lic selling ol' lhc slum- Hpolti-
t'oi' itscll’. it was dill'crcul unique.
yet perfectly suited lo the mood of
lllt' plny. Miiy \\'I' suggest, lltht‘U‘l'.
lliul in the future the classes study
the lighting dilllcullics ciirol’ullv be
l’orcliund. ’l‘he click oll'stugc broke
an otherwise tense and exciting climns.

'l‘liroughout, the audience uiicoii

It was :in
the lusl
conquered

set, Inltliough \vi

sci-iii l‘\llll'lll have

praise to Mnilonlin

 

 

With the beginning at second
semester, we turn over a new leaf . . .
and you can turn over the page and
read the ads if you dislike our idea
at reform . . . all complaints may be
left for the editor in the large white
receptacles labeled “rubbish”.

So rushing is over for another your,
girls? . . . isn’t that too bod! . .
Judging from the lists, most of you
made out quite well in the annual eye-
gougc and hair-pull . . . we’ve heard
the usual complaints of “dirty”
rushing, and have seen the well~
known tears ﬂow. . . . You freshmen
asked for it; let’s hope you’re satis-
lied. . . . Sigma Alpha isn’t content
as yet; they’ve bought a new “vie”

..and several other houses are being
re-decorated in hopes of appealing to
more freshmen . . . we’re speechless!

To prove it, we’ll dish out the dirt
of the last few weeks. . . . Snnti clans
is still here . . looking for some
chris~(mus) adcs, she’s glad he
krnm-cr you'! . . . and it' you glance
down the hall, you’ll see the “soup ’3
on! ” . . . (it’s cnmpbcll’s soup, too)
can it be that blossoms don’t ﬁt in
Willi the February landscape‘l
with the approach of Friday a-glcnii,
ltctty sings, “l’vc got you ungercr
my kin,” sounds like the seven year’s
itch.

'l‘hc basketball team is badly in
need of repair . . . perhaps they wan-
dered into one ol’ last week’s sorority
meetings. . . . llyrnes insists he didn’t.
get hit in the eye with a potntoc
tmurpliy to you) . . . and Barriiigton
Just scowls . . . we’re not any athlete,
but we Would like to have our ques
tions answered since they say
they had an accident some ol' the
Weaker sex are believing them and are
getting careful about cars . . . hay—
t'ord may change her vehicle to buy-
t’i'nnklin any day . . . we wonder if
slic'll chuck him over when she has
her phil.

Second semester brought back some
ol' our war-scrapped veterans, and we
greet them with open arms . . . we’re
told some of your pals greeted you
uitli open mouths, lu‘thcl hope
no one got s(c.lil)ick can the
“dc-lovely" alice be getting do»
serious over the cx-collcgc house
man"! . . . and just how often may
we expect. llardmeycr to pop up"! . . .
wliilc Wc’rc asking questions, what
relation is bunci'ot’t lo (lamina Knp
this year?

Last Monday We heard much ,jecr—
lug laughter on the part ol’ the ﬁrst
semester tcnclicrs :is the second scines
lcr stooges plodded over to lllilllt.‘ . . .
we guess they brought themselves
buck ulivc . . . they looked spick and
span; cvcn ye editor (luiiiiicr had his
hair combed . . . (note: il’ be cut his
luiir its much its lll' cuts this column,
We’d both be bold).

We can ’l let you start another
drcury week without a thought from

us; so here it is: . . curly lo lit‘ll
and late to rise Wears oiil :ill lho
sheets , , . now you can stop rendng

:iiid .‘I’lltl us it \nlcntinc.

'l‘ui; .\l.\.~; oi' N‘ri'i'i-z.

sciously iiu'nitcd tor the Madonna to
spciik. \\|ieu llie l‘llllli'l.\ Wiis l'l'llt‘lll'il
and HIV young mother gave up llt'l'
child, the audience lost much ol' Ibo-
bcuuty nnd sigiiilicnnu- ol‘ the scene,
\\':llt'lllll;; the shrine and uniting for
the .\ludonnn’s 'l'lie climax.
oiicc rciichcd, passed much too quickly
and lcl't the. audience uusatlslled and
a little puzzled.

Voice.

'l'lic iiicmbci's ol' this vast deserve
llie highest comuicudnlion. 'l'ln-i ri-
ninincd in t‘lllllllt‘ll'l' llii'ouglioiil llll‘

dilliclill slngi- piclui'i-s We giii- spe

ciul bouquets to l‘l'lI'I' llui'l i'lll'l
«l|'ttllllt‘ l'hrislci'. .\|r. llzii't 's Work
was l'ni' superior in [his play. He

gaw the audience the tooling llllll he
was actually li\ing tlic iolc,

.lcnniic t‘lirish-I' uns excellent.
From our past observations We predict
that I'll“ go t’ni‘ III
Hood luck lo her!

We nlno uisli lo commend Virginia
It‘urcy. It is the llrst lime he have
seen this sophomore on [lip stage.
Although her part was suiull, she hold
the audience. from lu-i entrance to her
exit. l“cw people can cry convinciqu
nnd llll\'t' the audience join them. ‘

l’liAYHtil'llt

nln' druiiiulics.

