 

 

 

 


i
i

 

Page 4

 

STATE COLLEGE. NEWS, DECEMBER 3, 1937

 

 

Classical Club Will Meet:{

The Classical club will-conduct a
meeting Wednesday at 8:00 o'clock
in the Lounge of Richardson hall.
Dr. Milton G. Nelson, dean, will
show moving pictures taken in Eng-
land, and will give a running com-
mentary on them during the presen-
tation.

    

Copyright 1937, “com a Mrus Touswo Co.

Tryouts for Press Bureau To Distribute Directories
All freshmen who are interested All those who have not yet receiv-

in trying out for Press Bureau should ed their copy of the State College

write a note to Jean Strong, ’39. The Directory may do so any time this
Press Bureau is the official publicity afternoon in the Rotunda of Draper
agency for State college and contacts hall, according to the announcement
the local papers with news of college made by Betty Baker, '39, editor-in-
activities. chief.

 

 

I ,. .7168“) I; a .
ii  @1322318 I

 

GOING HOME?

Get Your Greyhound Bus Tickets

COLLEGE PHARMACY

 

EAT AT JOHN’S LUNCH
Dinners 25c and up
Delicious Sandwiches and
Sundaes
7:30 A. M. — 11:00 P. M.
Opp. the High School

 

 

7 No. Lake Ave. One Block West !

   
 

' 

 

 

 

 

 

 

State College

 

    

 

 

 

VOL. XXII, No. II

S'l‘A'l‘E COLLEGE FOR TEACHERS, ALBANY, N. Y., DECEMBER m, 1937 $2.00 i’i-zk YEAR, 32 WEEKLY Issues.

 

 

Residence Halls
To Have Annual
Formal Tonight

Bob Reidland His Orchestra
To Supply Dance Music;
Dolan is Chairman

Tonight the girls of the Alumni
Residence halls and their guests will
dance to the music of Bob Reid and
his orchestra at their third annual
fall formal, to be conducted in the
Ingle room of the main dormitory
from 9:00 to 1:00 o’clock.

The chairmanship of this event is
in the hands of Della Dolan, '39, who
is aided by the following social com-
mittee: Mary Ann Pomponio, '38,
Edna-Marie Jesse. Hilah Foote, jun-
iors; Geraldine Thompson, ’40, and
Betty Jane Parrott and Elizabeth
Cottenham, freshmen.

Faculty guests include: Dr. A. R.
Brubacher, president of the college,
and Mrs. Brubacher; Dr. Milton G.
Nelson, dean of the college, and Mrs.
Nelson; Dr. William French, in-
structor in education, and Mrs.
French; Dr, Robert Frederick, pro-
fessor of education, and Mrs. Freder-
ick; Dr. Howard DoBell, assistant
professor of mathematics, and Mrs.
DoBell; Miss Marjorie Wheaton,
assistant to the dean of women; and
Mr. Paul Buiger, personnel director.

Residence hall students and their
guests include: Della Dolan, ‘39, and
Frank Kluge. '40; Marjorie Baird,
‘40, and Edmund Bromley, ’38; Molly
Dowling, '38, and Warren Densmore,
'38; Frances Wolak, ’38, and Paul
Schmitz, '38; Mildred King, '39, and
Agatino Natoli, ’38; Mary Trainor,
'40, and Paul Bunyan, ’40; Marion
Kingsley, '40, and William Towner,
Hamilton college; Rita Sullivan, '40,
and Lloyd Kelly, ’40; Virginia Mitch-
ell, ’40, and Walter Harper, '40; Lucy
King, '40. and Larry Balog, '40;
Florence Pryzbrowska, '40, and
Robert Martin, '40; Fay Scheer, '40.
and Stanley Becker. Union; Elma
Smith. '40, and Gerald Browne,
Poughkeepsic.

Catherine Smith, '40, and Maturin
Smith, Poughkcepsie; Mary Neff, ’41,
and Homer Leggett, ’40; Margaret
Smith, ‘39. and Joseph Cappiello,
'40; Faith Ellis. '39, and Harold Mac-
Gregor, '40; Beatrice Dower, ’41, and
Robert Hertel, '41; Priscilla Morton,
‘41, and Ralph York, Blnghamton;
Betty Denmark, '40, and Gordon
Rand, '39; Betty Parrott, ’41, and
Richard Lonsdale, ‘39; Florence
Hoslcy, '4l, and Bob Towne, R. P. 1.;
Dorothy Johnson, ’41, and Eugene
Haslcy, R. P. 1.; Dorothy Peak, '41,
and Stephen Kusak, '41; Barbara
Fcrrec, '41, and Frank Cassidy, '41;
Jeannette Evans, '41, and Paul Dob—
son, R. P. 1.; Evelyn Patchin, '40, and
Warren Lipshutz, R. P, 1.; Esther
Lane, '40, and Alfred Marlow, R.P.I.;
Dorothy Yawger, '40, and David
Nardquist, Albany.

Victoria Woiciek, ’41, and Edmond
Koknlas, Binghamton; Helen Lan—
ncn, '40, and Daniel Roe, Union;
Marion Walker. '40, and Walter

Crandell, Williams college; Helen
Pruslk, ’31). and Joseph Wells, ‘39;
Carol Knil'l'en, '41, and Buford
’l‘ichcnur, Hastings — on — Hudson;
Frances Rluni, ’41. and Frank Finne-

 

by Leonard Kowalsky

Last week (Monday to Friday in-
clusive) State College underwent one
of its most catastrophic periods in
the history of this august institution.
State has endured many ill-fated
cataclysms, but never anything like
this. No, dear peruser, a cyclone
did not blow the roof off Draper
hall; nor did Minerva go on a sit
down strike. No, nothing like that
occurred. Instead, the blow struck
those noon-day worshippers of
Terpsichore, those 12 o'clock volup-
tuories who repair to the Commons
daily to pound and polish the floor
in time to the rhythmic musical un-
dulations of the adjacent “vie.”
Imagine, they were deprived of sixty
out of one hundred fifty possible
minutes of dancing during the course
of the Week!

Even a vic gets played out from
overuse and so our brown box of
musical merriment was ambulanced
to the vic hospital where it conval-
esced for over a week. Consequently
State’s pedal pleasure-seekers re-
ceived quite a set-back that Monday
upon learning that their noon-day
jostling was so sadly curtailed.
However the following day one Min-
nie Crounse, ’39, (a martyr to whom
We shall pay tribute forever) lent
succor to the situation by donating

Dire Dancing Difficulties Dismay
Troubled, Tantalized Truckers

 

O
the use of his vie for the week.

boards of the Commons.

terested to learn that this daily ses-
sion of festivity had its inception in

year daringly discloses that dances

fashion since there were no ehaper-
ones present. The story then hurries
on to relieve the shocked students

these dances are held daily in the
college gym. Here, swaying sopho-

about to the strains of the jazz of
these swingless middle ages, emanat-
ing from a piano.

entrepreneur, one Daniel P. Corr,
'31, started agitation for the pur-
chase of an “orthophonic victrola"
since there was daily difficulty in
securing adequate key ticklers for
the piano. Backed by fellow “stoog-
ents,” Corr began the assiduous task
of amassing the necessary 150 frog-
skins from the student body.

Here's what Corr had to say: “I
think an orthophonic will end all
the trouble of getting a pianist for

is a recreation that breaks up the

 

 

Kappa Phi Kappa
Has Fall Reunion

National Education Society
Gives Annual Round-up
For Old Members

Kappa Phi Kappa conducted a
panel discussion in the commons
last night, at 7:30 p. m. The topic
under discussion was “Desired Quali-
ties in a Prospective Teacher."

The National Education Society
inaugurated a novel idea in having
a fall round—up of all members in
the capital district and those of the
faculty who are members of Kappa
Phi Kappa. This was the first of
the annual round-ups to be conduct-
ed by this chapter.

Thomas E. Ryan' '38, president of
Kappa Phi Kappa, gaVe the official
welcome and introduced the even-
ing's program. The leaders of the
discussion were: Frederick W.
Crumb. supervising principal at
Castleton; Heri‘ord H. Smith, super-
intendent of schools at East Green-
bush; R. R. Wurth, principal of
Rosslcvillc High, and Harold P.
French, district supervisor of New-
tonville.

The lillchy—olle members present
made the round-up a huge success.
The schedule of the gathering was
as follows:

7:30» Chaptcr welcome by Thomas
E. Ryan.

7:407 (,lcnerul mixing period. (Ob-
ject was to renew old acquaintances
and making new ones).

ll : 15 «Panel Discussion.

 

 

((lrnllililu'd on [nu/c /,, column I/
Dr. Croasdale Has
0
Sabbatical Leave
llr, (lurollnc (Jroitsdnlc, professor
of hygiene and physical education
will take subbulicul leave beginning
with the (:hrislnuw holidays. On
January 1'), she will sail for a trip
around tilc World and will visit a
great many countries. She partic-
uluriy wants to scc tlic Tagore school
of India, just outside of the city of
Calcutta and the iiritlsh hospitals
in liomhuy. l)r. Crousdaie will spend
sonic. limo studying the health ad—
ministration in the Hawaii school
system.

While in Hawaii, she will study
with In. Gertrude Douglas. assistant

the field of teaching, Many of them
have rcccivcd their doctorate degrees w
and some have positions as super-
intendents, Kappa Phi Kappa was
inuugerutcii in 1927 under the advice
of Dr. A. it. llruinlchcr; president of
the college, Dr. Hulk is the present
faculty udvisor to the society and
has guided their policies for many
years.

There are improximatcly 200 mcin< class reporter; Virginia Travis, class
activities, I’mlaﬁoguc board; Alfred

r

hers in this chapter.

9:15  ltci'rcslnncnts. General
mixing period.

il:4f)rSongs, Singing finale.

A large number of Kappa Phi

think it should be encouraged."

the opposition stated: “Inasmuch as
We have students who can play the
piano an orthophonic victrola is un-
necessary. It is more fun to dance
to music of a piano, anyway."

The purchase was finally accom-
plished by a. tag day that netted
fifty-one dollars, and by taxing each
dancer daily five cents. At one time,
the issue became so stormy that an
leditoriai appeared in one issue op-
posing a proposed loan from the
student association.

 

Seniors to Conduct
Class Meeting Today

 

l0 State Seniors to Represent
Class in College Yearbook

At a meeting to be conducted to—
day the senior class will select from
the following list ten members who
will represent their class in the
Annual College Yearbook: Betty
Appeldorn, class interests and chair-
man of the Junior Guides; Marion
Bull, Pcdugoguc, class song leader,
and class committees; William
Bradt, debate council; Helen Cullen-
ius, Signum Laudis, Y. W. C. A.;
Dorothy Cain, class officer, Peda-
gognc; Richard Cox, class president,
Lion, freshman camp director;
Marjorie Crist, Pcdtmoguc, judicial
board, president Residence council;
Warren Dcnsmorc, Student Assoc-
iation president, debate, finance
board, News; Christine Dcrshimcr,
secretary G, A. A., Y, W, C. A.;
Janet Dibble, class record, Lion,
cluss treasurer; Molly Dowling, gen-
eral personality; Herbert Drooz, class
president, debate council, Inter-
national Relations club; Jean Etigc—

 

 

Thus. once more, despondent dancers
“Dipsy-doodled" across the battered

You dancing devotees will be in-
1928. A story in the News of that
are being conducted in a scandalous

and alarmed alums by revealing that

mores and fluttering freshmen flitter

The following year an embryonic

Student sentiment was divided.

noon hour dancing. Since dancing
monotony of the school period, I

Elizabeth Parker, '29, a member of

lnteriraternity Council
Io Conduct Falljormal

Trees Illumc Rotunda Two Fraternities to Stage
As Yule S pirit Burns Gay Event, in Commons

Yuletide greetings. Ah, yes, Tomm'row N'ght
this year We shall celebrate the "——-—‘
festive season in the good ole BOB REID To PLAY
fashioned way and our rotunda’s ______
Minerva will be flanked with two .
evergreen trees—Christmas trees. Trehanon and Cox w'“ A“
As Event Chairmen;

Committees Aid

 

As students begin the hectic
week before vacation they will
find the odor of pine greeting tne ___.
olefactory nerves as they enter The Interfratcrnity Formal will be
Draper's embraces, conducted tgmorrow evening in the

_ , , Commons 0 Hawley hall from 9:00
DE“: tgesBXJ‘gifcg’gcgﬁggeﬁ to 1:00 o’clock. This will be the

-_ ' ‘ ' second formal dance sponsored by
0f the 0011093, and donations the Interfraternity council. The
from members of student council music will be furmshed by Bob Reid
will be used to buy the deco- and ms orchestra,
rations. Members of the Young Faculty guests Wm be Dr. and
Women's Christian association Mrs, Brubacherv Dr, and Mrs, Nelson,
will take charge of putting up Dr. and Mrs. Beaver, Dr. and Mrs.
the tree and decorating the French for Gamma of Kappa Delta
Rotunda, Rho. Dr. and Mrs. Hicks, Prof. and

So now when We arrive by sled Mr's' H dley' Pu)" and Mrs' York'
and dog team we will be greeted  and Mrs' Hardy for Edward
b tl mbol r Santa if not "3d PM“ Omb'

y 1e sy o , '
by his presence. So let the sleigh mogﬂpe‘lgnes 3111:]! be SDll‘isg‘nd M";
bells ring and let the shouts ring M: 3:", 1,2,,SnWoogs' 9‘ ury' an
out “Merry Christmas, State has ' ' '

a Christmas tree... Alfred Trehanon and Richard Cox,

seniors, are co-chairmen of this
event. Committees assisting the co-
chairmen are: arrangements, Robert
Y w C A t H German and Leonard Friedlander,

. . . . o  juniors; music, Santi Porcine and
Gordon Rand, juniors; refreshments,
' Walter Harper and John Eckel, soph-

  omores; invitations, John Edge and
Richard Lonsdaie, juniors; ehaper-
ones, Otto J. Howe, '40, and Charles
. Franklin, '39; decorations, Roswell
Folk Festival Next Tuesday Fairbank and Richard Platt, soph-
Wi” Include Dances gnior'es; $0M, Dennis Peper, ’39, and

arwn an Keuran, '40; cleanu ,

And Folk Songs pledges. p
w The members of Gamma of Kappa

Young Women's Christian RSSOCla- Delta Rho and their guests will be:
tion will sponsor a Christmas Folk Alfred Trehanon, '38, and Nan
Festival in the Ingle room of the Emery, '39; Warren I. Densmore, '38,
Alumni Residence halls, Tuesday at and Virginia Hall. '39; Joseph Vid-
7:30 o'clock. Eloise Hartmann, ’40, mar, '38. and Mfll‘y Brannigﬁn, '33;
chairman of the chnt, stated that Rom“? immig- 39~ 91nd A1199 Bart‘
there will be demonstration folk low’ 40' Rom” Gmm‘m- 39' and
dances solo numbers and dancing Eleanor Grou' 40: Charles Gaylord'

‘- ‘ ‘ . ’38, and Lillian Rushmeyer, '38;
in which all may take part. Robe” Stevens. .40. and Regina

The exhibition dances are under Murphy, '39; Santi Porcine, ’39, and
the direction of Miss Margaret Christine Ades, '39; Thomas Roberts,
Hitchcock, instructor in physical ed- '39, Mid Gl'ﬂce CILSUEUOIIG. '39.
ueation. The group of girls working Joseph Muggleton, ’39, and Dor-
with Miss Hitchcock includes: Muriel . 0th)! Cain. '38; Karl Bohr-er, ’38. and
Barry, Betty Austin and Chris Ades,;MllI'10n Show, '38: Joseph Bosley.
juniors; Mary ’I‘rainor, Marionlggv and 11%“ For/01:31. '41; lil'ed Q-
Kingslcy, June Amacher, Connie',,°,wm“”' ' m“ , “mare Hom-
Nieholas, Betty Denmark, and Eloise 39’ PM” D”,ml,an' 38’ an” Mildred
I-Iartmann sophomores and Doro- Nightingale 38' Clemem wolff' '39'

.’ H and Helen cGowan, grad; Robert
thy Peak. 41. Martin, '40, and Helen Williams, '38;
As a special feature a Russion solo Stewart Smith, ’40, and Carol
dance will be given by Clarence Bcal Mircs, ’37; Henry Green, ’38, and
of Albany, lRuth Hoffman, '38; David Dickson,
Miss Hitchcock is also directing alum “ndnpmms Scouv '40? Charles
group of freslunen women in modern 1 Keno)" 'mv and Florence Hubemr'

dance interpretations of Christmas[33:13;J 0.13151, .glﬁlrllig
carols. The admission of fifteeniJu'm,’Wilém‘1 .40- '  ’

cents will be used as the contributionl ,, . 1
01. YWCA to the Worm Student lhc members of Edward Eldrcd
Christian Federation. Won/mun! on mch 1., column 5)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

cumbc_ Y. W. C. A.; Ruth Frost,
Idclro: Charles Gaylord, finance
hoard, Nun's; election committee;
Muricl Goldberg, Music council,
News; Leslie Knox, class president,

 

Kappa members have gone out into

 

will finish her trip with Dr. Douglas.

be distributed on January 7, 1038.

debate council; 'I‘om Ryan, basket-

NO NEWS NEXT WEEK and Art council, debate council;
There will not he an issue of the Sophie Wolzok, News, class reporter,
professor of biology. some of the Snow: COLLEGE News on Friday, Press Bureau; Florence ZubresJAon,
fauna of the islands. Dr. Croasdaio December 17. The next issue will Echo, class activities; Lucille Zak,

secretary and vice—president of
Studan Association; ’l‘heimu Miller,
A., Y. W. C. A.; William

 

ltl-i‘reslnncnts will be served dur—

O 0
ing the entertainment program.
All State students, including the smovoy   
ay or ssem y

men, art,- eordiuliy invited.

The committee includes: Eloise
llurlnuuin, '40, general chairman; H "“’~"“"“"‘
Mary ’l‘rainor, ‘40, rcfresinnents; 10<l|ll"5 llﬁﬁt‘lllbli’ ln'usrum Will

 

Mollenkopi', Signum Laudis, chair-
man point system; Mildred Nightin~
gale, News, (illth activities; Jenn
Novuk, Echo; John O'Brien, M.A.A.,
class reporter; Lizctte Pnrshull, Lion,

p.111. Newman club, Kappa Phi
Kappa, M. A. A.; Dave Smith Nuwu,

I‘rehanon, Wheelock scholar, Almmti
Qimrlcrly; Sally Wiiolan, Dramatic

cnt Christian Movement secretary, 11'
and Betty Allen, '39, Mary Pom- '33
ponio, '38, will be the accompanist, The committees in charge are:
and the "Y" chorus, under the direc- Joseph Lease, sets; Charles Walsh
tion of Katherine Adams, '30, will lights; Vera Haas and Ray Walters:
sing selections.

Chris Adcs, ‘30, decorations; Virginiaﬁimmst 01’ ﬂ llllli’ (“Weird by Ruth
Ilsou, '40. checking; Helen Lei'rry,ime\’0.Vi '39. llCCUl'tliHH 10 the im—
Murion Cahlll, Edna Austin, and illuuncemcnt Di’ Written 1. Densmort‘.

Catherine O'Bryan, freshmen, pm- ’38. Student association president.

grams. The cast for the play includes
The general dancing will be under 1"101'91100 ZUDI‘OS. ’38: LOUib‘ Albee.
the direction of Helen Curtis, stud- graduate: Joseph Schwartz. '41;
inc Fislnnan, '40; and Car Arthur

costumes and nicks-up; Lib Lock-
Also on the program will be it Wow» D99 Jesse: and Kay Lynch:

special Hungarian solo dame per- Properties-
formed by Marion Mlesek, graduate There will be voting for the office

 

 

campus queen, Pedagoguc board.

student. of Student association cheer leader.

 

 

 

 

 

 

