 

Page 2 V

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, JANUARY 15, 1937

 

 

State Collegie News
announced by the Class of 1918

The undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
College for Teachers

 

Published every Friday of the college year by the NEWS'
Board representing the Student Association

Telephones: omce, 5-0313; Gumaer, 2-0424; Dexter.
2-43“; Seld, 2-9701; Gaylord. 2-4314

Entered a: second chm mailer in tire Albany, N. Y., potloﬂica

 

THE NEWS BOARD

HARRY T. GUMAEE. . . . ..  . . ....Editor-in-Chief
FRED E. DEXTER....................Ma1lagtng Editor
WAnnEn I. Dnusnonn. .....Associate Managing Editor
DAVID B. SMiri-i.....‘..... .Assooiate Managing Editor
SOPHIE Wonzox...........Associate Managing Editor
Lsuaxm SELD.. .....Busincss Manager
CHARLES W. GAvLonn............<ldveriisinq Manager
MILDRED E. NianriNaALE.........Circuiation Manager

.a....-.......

 

THE NEWS STAFF

CHARLES N. Moanrs...... ...Sports Editor
HELEN CLYDE... . .. . . ... . . .. . .Women’s Sports Editor

ICIOClilol

Sophomore Desk Editors

Charles Ettinger, Robert Hertwig, Edgar O’Hora,
Jean Strong, Charles Walsh

 

PEINTED BY BOYD Premium) 00., INCL, ALBANY, N. Y.

 

A State College Service

We note ith appreciation the invitation ex-
tended to State college students to attend a
college service Sunday morning at the First
Presbyterian church. This gesture is one which
is a ﬁtting complement to the work of the cam-
pus religious organizations. For the less pious,
may we suggest that one good reason for regular
church attendance is that it is usually required
of a teacher, and entrance into church affairs
now may have some effect in habit forming.
State college Presbyterians should return Dr.
Blake’s gesture with a fine attendance Sunday,
and the college will look forward appreciativcly
to similar services in other denominations.

More Music and Drama

Three one-act plays and a choral concert
featuring Percy Grainger, both to be prcscntcd
next week, will wind up State’s lyccum pro-
gram for the semester. li‘or thc thrcc such
programs presented so far, we cxtcnd the app rc-
ciative thanks to the councils rcsponsiblc.

The large number of Statc college students
patronizing thcsc productions indicatc their im-
mense popularity. lt'nrtlicrmorc, thcy imlicatc
that there is a need for morc of such prcscnl.n-

tions. We somehow fuel that thcrc havc. been
less lyceum programs this scmcstcr in coni-
parisou with previous ycars and with lhc
programs of other schools of our caliber. l’cr-
liaps this l'ccling is duc to tho inipnlicnt

cxpcctancy with which wc look forward to lbcsc
productions. in any casc. wc hcnrtily applaud
the efforts of tho Music. and l)rnnmtics and Arts
councils, and arc cngcrly looking" forward lo
more of lll('li‘ pi'i,~sciilnlioiis Hch scnu-slcr.

Publicity For State College

With the publication of thc l’rcss bnrcnu's
constitution this wcck llml worthy and not. too
well known organization is brought into vicw.
The work which this bnrcnu has donc \lllt‘t' its
organization last spring is nolnblc.

’l‘hc buronu is going nlicnd and u‘cllinu‘ sonic-
thing,r that Stnlc sorcly nccds and llml is pub
licity l'or lhc school and its slndcnls, trolling
it whore it docs thc most gooilw-‘lhlit is, in tho
home town ncwspnpcrs. ’l‘ln'ough lhc ncns
papers of thc stulc our pulilicily campaign gocs

forward. it may be all right to be known by
educators as an cxecllcnt touchcrs’ training

institution but one likcs a little morc than this
to show his friciuls.

Now that the Press bureau has grown to lhc,
present stage where it has a constitution Wc
can expect niorc interest from the students nml
therefore more publicity for State. We are all
for you, l'rcss bureau, may you go for in your
Worthwhile work.

 

The Commentstater

 

 

 

Freshman Women Only!

Our last chance this semester to razz our public, state
our opinions, to tell State to its face what’s wrong
with it. . . . And since it’s too late now, mid will be
forgotten by second semester, we ask our friends and
enemies to tell us just what they think (not a New
Year’s resolution). In fact, we invite criticism.

We managed to get a glimpse ovcr the editor’s
shoulder tonight at a certain column, and though it was
turned face down, we did see something of which we
thoroughly agreed. So—oo—oo, we will make a good
thing better, or a. worse thing worse, or something. . . .

We don’t say that sororities are an unmitigated cvil;
we sec only too well that they do serve a very dclinitc
need for a large number of freshmen. Somc girls
need the security of belonging to a small circle of
friends; the social life offered them; the—wc may as
well be open about it—politicai inﬂuence. They need
a soror to ﬁnd a date, to help with a course, to teach
them to dance, dress, chat eifcetivcly, to make a board
or council or cabinet successfully. Others may iind
the same satisfaction in a group house or dormitory,
or in a very small group of pcrsonal fricnds choscn
rcgnrdlcss of sorority distinctions. They, probably,
will be happicr outside the organized group.

As for the theme song mentioned, we sinccrcly and
(lcvoutly hope that no frcsbnicn will wccp over the
dcfcciion of upper-class “friends” who cut her bc-
‘ausc she did not pledge them. in fact, wc hopc she
has no such friends, or that she discovers them before
the fateful dale.

lchoro marking lhc prcl'crcntinl blank, wc ask the
freshmen girls to weigh the advantages and disad»
vantages first, of belonging to any sorority; second, of
cnch sorority to which they aspire. Why are they
coming to college"! What social life do llicy hope for'.’
What, practically, can a sorority, or this sorority, do
for them? And, whcn in doubt, do wc bcg' of them,
do do nothing.

 

Cover To Cover

 

 

Fighting Angel, by l'cnrl S. liuck. licynnl and Mitch-
cock. Now York, icon. 302 pugcs. 0.1.50.

in this, thc unlobiogrnphy ol' hcr missionary l'nthcr,
l’cnrl Jlnck has crcntcd thc pcrt'cct companion book
for the story of licr mothcr, The Exile. .\ndrcw, ns
nnl'orgcttuhlc as tho Citric of thc cnrlicr publication,
is still in startling contrast to hcr. llc. is all soul, all
"hodilcss intclligcncc”wnll spirit: shc is the llcsh.

Andrew sccmcd prcdcstincd for the “Call ”. (if the
scvcn sons of his l'uthcl', six bccamc prcnchors; six of
thcm, tn'l, bluc-cycd, lirm in their belief that only
their way was the right way. 'l‘hcy fought among cnch
othcr, those six; thc llvc who l'ollowcd thc l'rcsby-
tcriun l'uith ni'gucd ilucstions of doctrinc ninong lhcmv
sclvcs, but thcy nnitcd to attack lhc nnl'orlunntc
sixth who lurich Methodist.

Ul' lhc six, Andrcw nlonc folloncd lhc cnll
thc scn. With his youngr hridc, ('uric. whom hc hnd
wcd in nccordnncc with n promisc lic nmdc his inolhcr,
.\ndrcw snilcd to ('hinn to bccomc a missionary. It
was it strnngcly dill'crcnl. (‘hinn from that of today
monnrchicul, priinilivc, undciclopcd il nus: n rc~l|c~~
country hold in bondngc by splici'cs ol' inllucncc, both
politically and rcligiously. Ilcrc hc lhc
mnimlcr ol' hi~ liI'c saw for n lc\\‘ prudciug, undcsii'cd
\isil.~‘ lo his lioiuclnnd. llc sun and l\lll'\\ lhc l‘liiin-sc
pcoplc ns l'cw whilc incu cvcr lmic: hc «nw lhc full of
lhc cinpirc, lhc ri~c oi' lhc rcpnblic, i'c\olnlion and
slril'c, rchcllion. lhc grcnl rchcllion. but
int: dnuiilcd llllll. lli~ nn_\ Iil'c lhc
right and hc nonhl puranc it to lhc cud.

l'ui~nc it hc did, llu’oiigh ndicnlul‘c llllll incrciliblc
1.. “la ouu bclicl'
il cdrricd llllll Hnl'cly through lilllllllll trials and kcpl
him :ilwny~ a lilllc rcniolc l'i‘oin lhc world of llll'll.

ill'l'lth‘

r-lli‘lll rc-

ili\i'l

Ill \\il~ \\.|\

iliinucix Ilium-ll. nu~ llll~ll.ll\‘dl|ll".

Ili~ was it '_'ll'l|l, u slllnllinc lil'c, ill-i ~lnl‘\ is :is
prcnl. n~ ~|lllllllll'll~1 only I'cni'l liuck could innlw it.
(For rail in (In: (.'o op}
A Tree Grown Sll‘ﬂlglll, by l'cl’i') .\lill‘l\~. \'cn \Illlx.
l"rcdcrick .\. Slokcs lompnny, town. $2.50.

It _\ull nnnl ll book lhn( spcnln grill!) in n llll‘lll‘ll
that you only M
lllllilll'ill‘ nol nl nll it you unul n plcnsnnl ~loi_\
with no ~luinb|ingblocks, lhcn don't ll'llil A Tree
(liown Straight. You'll find _\onm-|I‘ npr it not do.
lhl-x lll'iill) and ‘
lhonghl; this book has n lllll‘blllllll' lhnl i~ an lllllll llllll
,\inci'icnn Iil'c.

.\|nny Iimclislw «cck u hci'o who is dill'cicnl: lhc unc

\chc, Illll' ~lil'~ tlt't‘lll_\ lul' l‘cn

loI' lioolt apt-nits lcn\c~ n blwlilig

In in .i». out

who-d- story illll i--, was looking for u lllilll who-d-
c\pc|‘icncc was Uplcnl ol' .‘llll'l'll‘ll. llc l‘olliul lhh
man in holy Hos-i, who. although hc thought hiinwcll'

loo ordinary in prison to ho inlci'csling, mpcchilly lo
an author, \Hl'a llionl absorbng lo him for this rcrr
t'cusoll. 'l'hc cxpcricnccs of Andy‘s lil'c which, as ho
gnzcs backward, N'l'lll lo hnvc bccn most important to
llllll, ni'c lhc mutt-rial of this nni'i‘ullvo. Andy‘s was
a lllltllllt'i‘lllh‘ﬁ family, and lhcy and lhc l'ricnds hc
mukcs, are all lulnlliur to us his l'nthcr. u doctor;
his mulcrstnmllng motlicr, his lilllc sislcr;
in school, his llrsl girl: his collccc. tcnchcrs uud l'ricnds.
llis cspci‘lcnccs wilh pcoplc and idcns ni‘c us l‘nmilinr
and unfamiliar to us us we arc. to cnch olhcr.

his lcnchcrs

 

College Men Meet
To Organize Group

(Cmrlinncd from page 1, column 4)
connection that the group will have
with the Y.i\‘[.C.A. is that: they will
use their building and their facili-
ties one day a week.

The organization will use the
Y.M.C.A. buildings on Saturday
afternoon each week and in order to
recompense the .\:'.\i.C.A. for this
privilege the dues of the group will

be one dollar per your. Saturday
afternoon was chosen be’ausc at
this time the Y building is loss
crowded am! therefore the group
could haveI a freer range of the
facilities.

This organization will take ovcr
the task of tho 'l‘roulnulonrs and will
unite the men of the college. The
organization also hopcs that. it may
build its program so that thcy may
prcscnt n musical show sncli as the
'l‘ronlmdours oncc sponsorcd.

will also

’l‘hc new organization
sponsor gnmcs, :illllclic contcsls,
smokcrs and olhcr social functions

in the college buildings. The group
will also have winter sports wcck-
cnds at (‘amp Albany at l.:ikc (‘os-
snyunn. ’l'hc organization will also
spollHlH‘ informal snppcrs at which
lhc faculty and lhc inch of lhc col-
lcgc may change idcas informally.

 

Statesman

 

’J‘inic mnrchcs oil—but who curcsl
. . . This is lhc last clinncc we have
to make a crack at. you before scc-
ond scmcslcr~so we’ll do our worst.

\Vc dcny any rclntiom~~past, pros-
ciil, or illcgilimnlw—lo thc blokc
who criticized us in Just wcck’s Nun’s
lcttcl'. . . . We never heard of Niisscx
county, and bcsidos, we thought. that
liob liurns conic, from Arkansas . . .
so yoli can’t undorslnud the Stairs-
mcn, chc.’ thcks, ncithcr can wc!

Homc pruclicc lcnchcrs who wcrc
holding out for .\’s at thc bcginning
of thc scmcslcr will now sclllo for n
(‘ minus minus—mud n wcck in bud.

Sccond scmcslcr lcnchcrs look
worricd nlrcndy.

’l‘o clmngc lhc sulricct. soph-frosh
rivalry inny nol bc so billcr ncxl
lcrni . . a curtain soph has Wall
actingr likc u (dorr)l:im|i. At lcnsl,
lhcy'rc casting shccp’s cycs. . ..
And siii'cl_\'-vnn of lhc l’rcshwomnn
could ril-n lcllcr lo lhc soph prcsi~
chit. that might dull lhc cdgc john
Jill’s linli'cd. . . . llogcr, lhc pcrpclunl
l'rosh has nnotlicr soph saying. “willi
or wonti bc lrncl”

l.ct’s award a
chcck lo lhc l'cw couplcs llnil
rcninincd loynl lhis lcrm.
running any rnsks
ninl (‘lnirlic is still
Ilillil nl l":iyc's holisc . . .
pdl'l' llllll liol’l' slill
.Iboiil ltin'. . . . .\nnc cnllcu got-s Io
lhc ".N'crricc I-Inlrnncc"
. liob wouldn't complain if |.i/
cllc all his lunch, . i . ll bc
Iiicl- lo li:i\c soniconc pnrshzill to you.

(Ilnwn'l you :i xlnnglili-i' nhn
could nrilc us a loxc lcllcr. chc’»

.\ml how for our ycorly nnruinp

. Hororily rushingv will Innc conn-

N.\'..\,
hni‘c
Hilluil
lll’\\'

cunccllcll

wilh
lhc
though in-

inn 'l

I'lici'n' l'oi'c

Illllll g‘i'm‘iiisi
usnn'.

il"

Illl|~~l

nnd gonc bcl'orc nc spcnk :ignin. . . .

Sn II‘I'UHII ln‘ i'lll'l'l'lil'l 'l'lll' girls
who “low” you lodny Indy lllllll you
likc lhc luncl'lil i'cd hol pcnny :Il'lcl'
lhc plcdgc pin is l':l\ll'lli'll . and
sorolily pin». i'\i'i| plcilgc pins

ol'lcn lcui lhc bcsl boy l'ricnd's whirl

of llll' llll‘\ lllli‘lllllw lit-\l Nllll'l

ulon'l lu‘ loo willing lo Icl lhc \illIlI‘N'
ll

of your "l'I'irnuls inllucncc ion. , . .
\ Iilllc rnrcl'ul lhonuhl Il|'\l‘l‘ burl
lllllulil'. . . . llIiIIIlo-ly blnuli may in
dicnlc swcuring but on prcl'crcncc

blnnks il min bc hclpl'nl.

(‘nn'l soniclhing bc ilonc :iboul lhc
pcoplc who cry, “.\ Iilllc talcum is
always \\‘llll'll|ll.'" . lll'sl il
“What’s this!" . llicu "knock
knock" and now il ’s (lgdcn Nash . . ,
our own wcckly philosophy is this

“HS

in stitch in timc \\':islcs u lot of
lhl'cild.
Sincc it‘s tho cnd ol' lhc ilrsl

scincslcr wc npologizc il’ wc hnrc trod
on nnyono'n locs . . . ycnb, wc’ll slump
nll orcr your shins nc.\l limo.

’l‘lll'l MAN ill“ H'I‘A'l‘l'l.

 

State’s Stage

We Playgo A Bit Late
Assembly Play
Two Tragedies
PLAYGOER
A trifle late, we go to work on
1936’s last plays.
Miss Clarke’s assembly play was

good, but not quite up to some of
the hilarious comedies of past years.

 

Mr. Dittman was comical in his
very exaggerated pantomime. Miss
Nclbacli, suppressing hcr laughter

not so well, was good. Mr. Kelly,
with good facial expressions, was ex-
ccllcnt in character study.

The props and sets were good in
this play, but the stage pictures
sometimes poor. We couldn’t. hear
everyone as we should linvc—hcard
fcw of Miss Nclbach’s lincs and not
all of llitlmnn’s.

'l‘hc following,r
cast in a rather gloomy mood with
two trngcdics on the program. in
Miss Libmnn’s play, wc likcd Miss
Zuhrcs, cspecinlly lhc pnntomiinc.
llcr ncccnt puzzlcd inc—was il l"rcnch
or German? Ken Dornn was con-
sistcnt in his lincs but lacking in his
action.

May wc suggcst n lighlcr stngc‘!
'l'rngcdy is wcll in rcgnl sclting, but
wc. must see sonic fncinl csprcssion to
cnjoy il frilly. All in all, the whole
cll'cct of thc play was pleasing to the
lllllll(‘lli'(‘~.llllll' in ilscll’ spcnks prnisc.

l"il’lccn minulcs, innrk lhcni scls
cnmmillcc, and wilncsscd a
tragedy which vci'gcd on molmlrnmn.
lrwin Stingcr, in spite of rccurring
strong language which :Irouscd lhc.
pucrilo mind of tho nudicncc, showcd

'l‘ucsdny wc wcro

\\'('

himself a vcrsulilc actor. Miss
Daniels surprised us with her rc-
vcrsion lo a typo character. .Tohn

l'ldgo camc on slngc as n \\'cstcrncr
but couldn’t dccidc whclhcr ho likcd
llinl rolc or his own. He (lid forgot
his bcllowini,r this limc. 'l'hc ending,r
ol’ lhc play, lhc high spot of tho
cvcning’s pcrformnncc, was carried
ndinii'uhly by Miss l)nnicls.

()nr ni’tcr-curiuin thoughts wcro
lhnt Miss l.ilnnnn ’s pcri'orinnnco
prcsonlution was tho smoothest in
lompo, and Miss Lichcnslcin’s the

most. surprising play.

 

Communication

The News assumes no rcsponsl-
bllity for communications printcd in
lhls column. All communicntlons
must bear the slginiturc ot' the
author which will bc withhold upon
rcuncsl.

 

 

Zeke Still Wants to Know
What Statesman Is

l'Idilor, H'rvri- (‘oi Licoic .\'|.:w.~:

Ily .b-cpcrs, you could knock nio
‘ oicr niib .‘I doing l'ork this Inornin’
nhcn | pol .1 big l'nl lcllcr l'I'oni lhc.
[lllHlllllll‘l'. .\>i l l'llllll' ill, lilllil),
illinl's our piin mnxlcr :iud slorce
l\l‘l‘||l‘l'l ll:l||il\ il Io inc and sch-i,
“\\'cl|, chw, I don't linon what's
_illl lu-i'c in this cniclopc, bnl it‘s

dninn ncnr big cnough lo lll' :1 Mord
uoiiici') \llll'll t'lll:llo}_{."
\\'cll, sir, l'ni lo

nhnl ii is, | ~til right down on .'I hr}:

so nnlnhns ~n-c

ol' nnils :Ilnl olu-n lll‘l' up. Mr.
l'idilcr, | until in lcll you i l‘cll
prclly funny \\lll'll l sm- you prinlcd
my lcllcr in lhorc. ()l' conrsc I'm
glad if you lllil‘ll llinl lcllci‘, but

I l'ci'l plclll)‘ llllll lu'cnllsi' llllll sllill'
is Ill'llllt‘ll :ibonl my grandson.

l lllllt' :ll llu' lnilliilll ol‘ Ill_\‘ ll‘lll‘l'
in lhc popcr you hnvc nrolc n short
suggcnlin' that I submit n.
‘illlll'nlllilll :iiliclc. Non lhnl don’t
nme sI'llnl'. llnc rcnson I wrolc you

llnlc

nos nhnl llll‘lll nrliclcs rcully' is.
You didn't cii'll liolhcl' lo l'iiliglil
mc. Ho hon do in” mpch inc lo
wrilc n slnlcsmnn column whcn l
I ain’t got no idcn \\'lllll is incnnl,
Yours liucly,
Zl'lH'.
I‘Jdiior's nolc: 'l‘lic Statesman is
lhc Honslll column of lhc Nun's. it

is which in codc to make it inlcrcsl-
ing and to avoid liln-l suits Hcck-
ing cvcr to brondcn lhc column's
llclil ol’ inlcrcsl, lhc Nun's wlll coli-
linnc to print lhc Hlulcsmnn

