 

~.silkiitéeﬂwmm-uw.wow.- . ..

Page;
Myskania’s Ballot Box
Has Thorough Cleaning

“Myskania announces” that
the Myskania ballot box is not a
public mailbox, “10st and found”
department, or garbage can, and
is not to be used as such in the
future. A little confusion in the

Alumni Residence Halls
To Entertain State Men

The students of the Alumni Resi-
dence hall will have an “open
house" for the men of State college
on Saturday from 8:00 until 11:00
o’clock.

Co-chairmen for the affair are
Hilah Foote, and Della Dolan, Jun- box. alid in the minds 0f the
joys, The chairmen of the com- students has now been cleared
mittees are: arrangements, Jane ORV-We 110D“ i
Schwcrzman, ’39; hospitality, Rita Since its recent clean ng,
Sullivan, ’40; invitations, Jeanette members of. Myskanla had been
Barlow, ’39; refreshments, Helen Wondering if iii Wele tne same
Lannen ’40- music, Mary Ann Pom- ballot box, or if some kind fate
ponio ’58- clean-up, Ruth Cass, ‘39. had switched boxes, until they

All’men of State college are in- assured themselxei that 
vited to attend. The regular rules as Lost and Found 0" was 5

- _ in the same old place.
E‘iitlyugoflthrdesgilyme comm“ wm ap In the first place, there are

twenty-six other boxes ftor1 the
eneral ublic, so w y no eave
RYAN DIRECTS NEWMAN ~igust onepfor Myskania? There‘s
Newman club initiated an active a box for lost articles which are
season last Thursday afternoon at found, so use it for a change.
4:45 o’clock under the leadership of Members of Myskania also re-
its new officers as elected last sem- port that if it’s necessary to put
ester: president, Thomas Ryan, ’38;
vice-president, Rita Pomeroy, ’39;

lunch bags there, they would
prefer them full of food, but not
secretary, Charlotte Peck, '38; treas-
urer, Helen Bifarella, ’39.

bread crusts, banana peels, or
annex sandwiches.
Library Murals Depicts Albany
Life in Early Historical Times

(Continued from page 1, column 5) these murals except that of the Eriel
ers, and the first school at Fort canal are based on actual p oto~ u
Orange are also shown. graphs or drawings. Details ere

The first panel at the eastern end chosen for decorative effect rather
of the south wall shows a political than for precise historical realism. \
convention being held at Albany For those who are always practical
about 1754. The person sitting un- about art. the pictures were painted
der the tree 15 Benjamin Franklin, in oils on canvas strips four feet
The panel adjacent to this depicts wide and seventeen and one-half
an Indian council fire, feet long, and attached to the wall

Most modern of the scenes pictur- by use of white lead.
ed in the murals are the three near The artist, Mr. William, Brantly
the front of the building on the Van Ingen. is listed in Whos Who in
south wall. The first of these shows America. His previous work includes
the main entrance to Draper hall Panels in the Library 01’ Congress.
and the Western avenue campus, the U. S. Mint at Philadelphia and
The figures on the campus are, sym- the U. S. Government Administra-
bolic of the passing of time since lion Building In Panama.
State college was founded, students, 5 C u S '
and student activities. tate o ege tatlonery

The next painting shoWs the roof WIT“ SEAL

Sheets
2 Envelopes

of the state capital building, while
COLLEGE PHARMACY

the columns of the state education
Opp. High School

 

building can be seen in the corner.
The final scene shows Washington
park lake with a skyline of neigh-,
boring buildings in the background. l

It is interesting to note that all of ,

 

 

Geo. D. Jeoney, Prop Dial 5-1913

Boulevard Cafeteria
and Grill

198-200 CENTRAL AVENUE ALBANY, N. Y.

Schenectady’s Legitimate Theatre
 0 Plays Changed Every Monday 0
' GALA OPENING NEXT WEEK

MATINEES
MONDAY, OCT. 11 THRU 18 WED. and SATURDAY
Empire Players A Broadway Company

 

 

 

 

in Broadway Hits
FREDERICK CALVIN and BEAUVAIS FOX. Mgrs., Present

. ' . v V ‘ With Members
. '.

  
 

 

of New York &
London Casts

    
 

 

 

The Nation's
Funniest
Comedy 

  . . . . . . . . . .. 

Nights and Sat. Mat: Ba]. 55c, 85c, Orch. $1.10—Wea. Mat: Bel. 550;
Orch. 850, Tax Included—MAIL ORDERS: Send self-addressed

 
   
  

  
    

 

 

stamped envelope with check payable to EMPIRE PLAYERS, INC.

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NewsocchER 8. I937

   

You wig/2t be

standing right next to the most attrac-
tive person you ever met, but you don’t
know it until you are introduced . . .
until you get acquainted.
And you don’t know how much

i. pleasure a cigarette can give until some-
, body offers you a Chesterﬁeld.
Certainly ibis is true: Cbesterﬁeltls
are refres/Jt'ngly milder. . . tbey’oe
got a taste [but smokers like.

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

Copyright 1997. 1.106511“ 5‘ M'ruiis Tobacco Co.

State College Ne

 

 

 

VOL. XXII, No. 4

Freshman Class
To Make Choice
Of New leicers

1941 Will—Meet Wednesday
For Initial Balloting

 

Sum; Lotti-zoo FOR lEAClllCRS, ALBANY, N. l’., FRIDAY, ()(T’l‘olllili 15, 1937 $2.00 PER YEAR, 32 WEEKLY issues.

Joe Haynes Orchestra
To Play At Senior Hop

The senior class will conduct
its annual Senior Hop on Fri-
day, November 5, according to
the announcement received from
Dorothy Cain, ’38, member of
Myskania and general chairman
of the affair.

Miss Cain will be assisted by
Leslie Knox and Stella Sampson
of the arrangements commit-
tee. Edith Cort, chairman of the

 

For Year 1937-1938

There will be a freshman class
meeting Wednesuay noon in room
20 of Richardson hall. All freshmen
are requested to come and partici-
pate in the election of their class
officers.

The nominations for class officers
are as follows:

President, Fred Day, Barbara Fer-
ree, Sylvia Greenblatt, Catherine
O’Bryan. Adele Ronan, Stanley
Smith, Clarence Olsen.

Vice-president, John Alden, James
Chapel], Beatrice Dower, Leslie
Gerdts, Nicholas Glacomino, Robert,
Hertcl, Blanche Kirshenblum, George
Noonan, Dorothy North, Helen Pow-
ers, Aime Rattray.

Secretary. Edna Austin, Sarah
Horowitz, Alma Knowles, Virginia
McDermott, Robert Mesek, Phyllisl
Ryan, Catherine Sharer, Tillie Stern,
Irving Smith.

Treasurer, Anna Acce. Rosemary
Bruckcr, Elizabeth Cottenham, Lee,l
Durling. Stephen Kusak, Helen Lash- I
er, Bella Lashinsky, Rose Lison,
William Lusk, Eugene McNally, Isa-i
bella Robinson, Helmulli Schoen,l
Joseph Schwartz.

Cheerleader, Daniel Buccl, Beatrice l
Dower, Mildred Foley, William Hal-
ler, Jane Hanford. Stephen Kusak,
Evelyn Olivet, Dorothy Peak. Char—
loth Ritchie, Louise Snell.

Songicudcr, Alicc Abelovc, Olive
Baird. Ethel Cohen, Carol Kniffen,
Ruth Larson, Howard Merriam,

 

program and bids committee, and
Lucile Clarke, chairman of the
publicity committee.

Preliminary arrangements have
been made and Joe Haynes and
his orchestra will furnish the
music for the dance, according
to Leslie Knox and Stella Samp-
son. members of the arrange-
ments committee.

Edith Cort will be chairman
of the program and bids com-
mittee and is to be assisted by
Helen Williams. Miss Cort has
announced that bids will sell for
the nominal sum of $2.50,

Publicity for the “Hop” has
been entrusted to Lucille Clarke,
chairman. She will be assisted
by Paul Dittman, Delores Lef-
fier. and Harriet Shear.

Y.W. Sponsors
Banquet Tuesday

 

First Banquet to Feature
Speakers, Camp Movies,
Skit and Singing

 

 

For the first Lillie in the history
of its organization at State college
Y, W. C. A. will sponsor a banquet,

Tuesday evening from 5:30 to 8200'

o‘clock in the cafeteria.

Miss Kay Duffield, slate secretary
of the Student Christian Movement
will speak, including in her topic

{Final Tax Sales

l 0f Current Year
Reach New High

Freshmen Lead with 289$old

Juniors, Sophomores, Sen-
iors Bring Up Rear

With the final figures on the col-
lection of the student tax, activities
can plan their expenditures for the
year with a larger margin than ever
before. The race which has been in
'full force for the first few weeks of
school has put the freshmen ahead
by a large score with 289 tickets sold.
The juniors are in second place with
263 tickets sold, and they are fol-
lowed closely by the sophomores
whose total has reached 236. The
seniors with 230 to their credit are
in the last place, all of which adds
up to the unprecented total of 1040.

This year for the first time stu-
dent Lax payment was made com-

 

 

clear record as to its payment before
they will be recommended by the
college for a teaching position.

i Students who wish to do so may
{pay a five-dollar installment for the
,first semester, and pay the balance
ibefore February first.

The numbers racket finally made
lits appearance with regard to Stu-
dent tax. Some of the unusual and
lcovetcd tickets are: l to Florence
Nelbach, '38, member of finance
board; 2 to Charles Gaylord, ’38,
lanothcr senior member of finance
board; 3 and 4 to Charles Franklin
.aud Joyce Maycock, Juniors; 5 to
lJack Ryan, ’40, and 13 to Sophie
lWolzok, ‘38.

 

Mull" Mulch Rupert“ Simmonsv the relation of the movement to; Those W110 1‘0“?in 1'011nd num-

Eihel Williams.

Reporter. Freldu Diamond, Frank
Frank. John Jones, Norman Levy,
Vivian Livingston, William Miller,
John Murray. Irene Pog‘cr.

ltvprosviilulivc on M, A. A.. Ste—
phen Bull. Fred Day, Leslie Gcrdts,‘
Louis Gl'cchspnli. Roy McCrcury,1
Eugene McNully, Dcl Maucuso, John
Murray.

Manager of Women's athletics,
B’uLi'ice Marasliilisky, Frances Ri—
ziui. Tillie Stern. Vcrultu Stolz.

l

Terpsichorean Tripe Troubles

Stolid, Slum

Let the alarm bcll l'lilg—-—u liordc ('llf‘h‘Ll'ii bui'i-cliiouscs its way to all)"; Unlvm'sjty 01' [he State of Now

of hoppers. liippcr-dippers, and!

State college.
Miss Dufficld‘s colleague, Ray
chclmau, will show movies taken
at the Silver Bay conference last
spring and at various freshman
(-iuups. The program will also in-
('lil(lL‘ a skit by the Y. W.C. A. chorus
and singing by the entire group.
The bouquet is open to all Woman
students who sign up on the 'Y'
bulletin board by Monday afternoon.
The charge will not exceed fifty
cents.

berous Socialites

powvrhouse climux. Quicker and

hers included: Dean Nelson with 500,
and Warren Densmore with 600.

Any student who has not done so
already is advised to pay his or her
tax to any member of finance boaru
or to Mr. Clarence Hidlcy, faculty
advisor, The members of finance
board include: Charles Gaylord and
Florence N('ll)ll(:ll, seniors; Charles
Franklin, and Joyce Muycock, jun—
iors; and Jack Ryan, ’40.

‘ University Opens
1937 Convocation

’l‘lw SL‘\'(‘lil)’~lllll'(l CUIlVU('iLl()ll of

York will open today in Chancellors

pulsory. Seniors must present a'

 

'I'relmnon, N. Y. A. Head,

Calls For Time Reports

According to Alfred Trehanon,
'38, Student Director of N. Y. A.-
in State College, time sheets are
due by the twenty-third of this
month. They must be returned
to Student Aid office, room 107,
for the person‘s name to appear
on the payroll.

Thus far there are one hun-
dred seven students on full time
and fifty persons on half-time.
The various lines of work in
which students are employed in-
clude secretarial, library and rec-
reational supervision. It is in-
calculable to ascertain how val-
uable this added experience may
prove to many of these stu-
dents in the future.

 

Residence Halls
Elect Officers

Dorothy Clapp is President;
D o l a n, Baird, Kurkhill
Hold Official Positions

 

 

 

Dorothy Clapp, ’38, was elected
president of the Alumni Residence
halls for the coming year at a meet-
ing on Wednesday night, October 6.
Della Dolan, ’39, will be vice-presi-
dent, She will assist Miss Helen
Burghcr in planning the social af-
fairs of the residence halls. Mar-
jorie Baird, '40, will act as treasurer.

Voting for the office of secretary
will take place at the next regular
meeting. The candidates are: Alice
Abclovc, Dorothy Miller, Betty Par-
rott, Neva Benson, Ruth Larson,
Carol Golden, Janette Parker, Fran-
ces Riuui and Kay Hocii, freshmen.

The budget for 1937-38 was pre-
scliLcd by the budget committee.
Rose Kurkhiil, '39, chairman of the
committee, is assisted by Mildred
King, '39. Florence Pryzborowska, ’40
and Virginia Davis, '41. The com-
imittce plans all expenditures for the
'yenr. The budget was accepted un-

.lmiimously.

 

 

. The following graduate students
[will act as head residents for the
sub-dm'milori‘es of the residence
hulls; Miss Louise Pyrell, member
of flu- cluss of ‘3’? [1L Elmira college,
will be head resident at Western
hull. Miss Dorothy Watson, graduate

liocus pocus men and women llllVf‘lSllllCl' become the acrobatic llllLlCh‘iimlll Tm. first 5,.551‘011 will beg-m at

Rienow to Speak
To Student Body

On Constitution

Voting for Campus Queen,
Association Secretary
in Assembly Today

Today’s assembly will feature a
talk by Mr. Robert Rienow, instruct-
or of history, on the issues of the
Constitutional convention of New
York State, according to Warren
Densmorc, ’38, president of Student
association. This convention will be
held in Albany in the coming year.

Dr. A. R. Brubacher, president of
Wm college, will introduce the speak-
ler to the assembly.

1 The remainder of the program will
be given over to the completion of
the business of last week’s meeting.
Members of Mysxania will supervise
voting of Campus Queen and a new
secretary of the Student association.

The Campus Queen, who is to
reign over State college's annual
Campus day next Saturday, will be
chosen from among the five senior
girls who have been selected as
nominees for the honor, The girls,
including the selection of Anna
Olsson as the fifth candidate, are:
Dorothy Cain, Janet Dibble, Muriel
Goldberg, Anna Olsson, and Lucille
Zak. The two candidates who re-
ceive second and third places will
act as senior attendants to the
queen. The rest of her court, com-
prised of two members of each of
the other classes, two heralds, and
the ushers for the evening are ap-
pointed annually by thc Student
council.

The secretary of the Student asso-
ciation, who will be selected from
the sophomore class, will also be el-
ected today. The candidates are as
follows: Larry Balog. Joseph Cap—
picllo, Roswell Fairbank, Haskell
Rosenberg, and Rita Sullivan. Ac-
cording to the plans set up by last
year's election couuuissiou, each of
the five tundidntcs made a short
,spct-cli before the assembly stating
his or her qualification for the
office.

I According to Dcnsmorc, Lllc offi-
l’cluls who will act as judges for the
'Campus day program are: Miss

Hitchcock and Miss Johnston, oi' the
ll) b y s i c a 1 education department,
.hockey; Thelma Miller and Jean
{Edgccumbe seniors, women’s sports.

Any person who wishes to make
Hilly illillOllllCCiIlCllLS in assembly
filillh'l communicate with some offl-
,ccl' of Student association before
y’l‘liui'sduy, 5:00 o'clock. If you want
,Llic announcement made by the sec-
;rclul'y or vice-president hand that

 

 

 

invudcd our campus. No, it isn’t

of the swirling mob. Chiidrcu and

41:30 and the evening sosslou will

of Ohio Weslyau college, will preside i announcement lo him before the

Kerr's Colsuic cr't‘W. Mr. Risicy. but its cldsicrs urcnmncled undn‘unhan- {sum in 3:00 o'clock, No tickets are “L Norm 1m”, M15“ Mm. 10.1,, Buck- l’ubovo deadline. All announcements

:1 group of terpsichorcuii trippers iu- died in the maelstrom of motion necessary for ciliicr session of the my member of me ems of .37 m'
,  ,

Middlcbury college, will be head resi-

dent at South hull.

dulgiug in the hot sport of gccplng, Holler and faster grows the orchcs- :Convocmion
SUSY-Q‘ing. ll‘llellil-l'. DOSIHH. Peel" “"1 “ml the “Clmmlw‘ Slucr'ouwmi The memo of the meetings will be

must be clearly written so that they
lcun be easily read. Ii' all will ob—
lscrve those rules the assembly pro-
gram can be spocded up.

 

“‘3' mugging" and “H me Other ISM”. m (“5mm ‘1” “1" “WWW “Wink the cuiebrulion of the one hundredth
bruliclu's of these voodoo rituals, l

Despite the Stutcsman's slicers,
lliis pernicious plugllc has spread
llki‘ uiuumcd combustion and iuvud~
f'll ull social cvvlils; oven the crowd-
('d Commons lius had its dlguilyl
depreciated during luv uooullmo
uigluuuu‘cs by the unrestrained llll-
dululious of Lli(':~il' delirious dancers.
lll'lWl‘i‘ll the morning classes llll(l
Ilu- siding of lllf‘ uppclllc, tlw suf—.
form's. from llilh‘ delirious drug drug
dri-ui'ily llicii' frames uboul the floor
The .‘lllllf‘l' Sill'f'llill‘llh ill'i‘ Joslll‘d.
Mimi, and Jumped upon. and llll‘ll
ll|i_\ loo urn lllllill‘illfill’fl \villi llus
dullv drug. and slowly bul sun-ly‘
Ilueii' bodies begin to uyruli- and
lll’(llliill l)l'('iil(.\.

But. if is uol ('lliilllll‘fl lo ilu' Ulllli'
mulls. l‘il'l‘i‘y group house has its
groping gyi'ulol'. [rill-king lifl'phlflll-
oils, and dancing durvdrvds. 'l‘licsc
uuldmcu and innovators do all sorts
of weird Li'i’ppiilgs, falls, rolls, slip-
plugs, and other unusuui forms, and
Call ll dancing. Never before has
such a weird wave lilt State. No
one seems to be safe, and evou My-
skuuia has been seen camel-hopping,
trucking, and attempting to gcep.

Dignity is dropped as the hot l'll,Y~
liuuic swing of an ln-ibc-groove or—

l-rs serenade terpsichorc.

Pcrluips this crime is 21 physical
culture move to improve flu: fitness
of the race, It may be that this
strenuous strutting will produce
more illllli'llC uosiliclics lii lhe fu-

lturo. illlfl the pcdugogucs of the iu—

lul'c will be trucking lcuclicl's. Or,
if may be only it l'ruzc lluit will
W('lll' olf jusl us llf‘ll hopping, the
Cluu'lcsloli, uud Ullil‘i‘ eccentric ox-
lubiiloiis luch been discarded; wllut-
f'l'f‘l' the (use, if M‘i‘liil‘; lo be the
pleasure of llii‘ [ll‘l‘hf‘lil duuclllg
llu'oiig in try their lmud at this
llllll'lllllllh writhing.

Sum uud bf‘llb‘llllc is not the motto
ol dulu'lllg; instead it is full and
ll‘iilli', uiid to that are State's socluls
(ll'fll('lil(‘(l. The present. swing, movc-
llil‘lil. may be only mi llilflllloil of
u lllllf’ fun, but to our lll‘cd curcuss,
it seems stl‘liligcly stl'cuods i'cluxu-
Lion. The dancing ludy bus forsaken
lli‘i' smooth glides for the intoxicat-
iug bouts of llui’lclll hops.

As We sit and puff our pucifying
pci'iquc, we wonder whether our
bundling auccstors would have been
shocked or called us cannibalistic.
Monkey and man must be related,

zumlvcrsary of the establishment of
the division of science and state
museum.

The program for this afternoon

State College Faculty Ill—embers
Return from Graduate Studies

 

includes llu- induction into office of
Clumccilor Thomas J. Mauguu undl
Vice Chancellor William J, Wulllu."
Speakers for this opening session are
John (3. Mf‘l'i'lllill, president, Cul'uc-
gin Institution of Washington; C.
Sluurl (lager, director, Brooklyn
llolumc Garden; and Lewis Mum-l
ford, lllllllUl', New York City.

’l‘lu» highlight of the cvcliliig pro—
gram Will be the awarding of lion—
orury degrees by l"i‘lilll{ P. (.il'iiVCS,l
[li'l'blili’lll of the Ulil'Vci'slty undl
Commissioner of iiiducuLlou, Spcuk~
crs include Arthur E. Morgan, chair-
muu, 'l‘uiuicssec Valley Authority,
and Wuldeluur B. Kuclupiferl, sol—
i-uce editor, New York Times.

Following tonight's : :sslon of the
Coilvoculiou, there will be a rcccp—
tiou iii the Library Rotunda, louder-
ed by the Board of Regents and the
President of the Univorsuy ol’ the
State of New York to the delegates
and invited guests. The reception
will be col‘lcludcd by an inspection

 

for both like to make a public show
of themselves to have fun, Oh Well, 1
swing on, compatriots. .

tour of the exhibition halls of the
State Museum, on the top floor of
the Education building.

15y some trick of nature people are purtmcui We found that Miss Crooks
always lulppicst when licurlug ofluiid Miss Dobbin had boll) eui'ollcd
other people‘s trials and tribulations. of. flu: Univcrsllc (lf‘ Paris, in Sor-
So it is [but students are forever boimc, ziud ouch had done Work at
ready to picture their instructors in the liibliollicquc uuliouule on their
Llli‘ slums of scholars. Seeking lo [holds for doctor‘s dcp'ccs.
take advantage of this psychologch Mr, All(ll'i.‘\\’h‘, from our physics
fact, the inquiring reporter spoilt (ll-purlmcui, spcul lu-r lime ul Cor-
lllc[)1thchklliLcl'Vchlllgllicnllicl's ucll doing X-i'iiy research for her
of llli‘ Sullc college facility lo lllidwloctui'h dcgi'cc.
out what they had done while on Returning to our social Hillllli'h do-
subulicul quvo. purlmcul is Miss Ilultcr, llllf‘l' (‘lll'll-
Our path lcd first to the matlic~ lug licr PILD. at New York Univer-
uuillcs department where We sought sily‘.
our Miss Lester and learned that Miss Cilimow sludicd ul Columbia
she spent the. lust two years at the for the Master's dogm- ul llbrurv
University of Wisconsin where shell-science. She also completed her rush
completed the requirements for a deuce rcquil'cmeiu.
1311.1). in mathematics. She was also On leave from the English depart-
liouorcd with membership into Sig- mom was Miss Kilpatrlck, who
but Psi. worked for her doctor's degree at
Next we encountered Miss Stokes, Yule. She wrote a life of John Stcrl~
also of the math department, who lug. who was an intimate friend of
informed us that she had taken Carlyle and other famous men of the
graduate work in mathematics at time. His life is important not for
the University of Chicago. itself but for the light it throws on.
Crossing over to the French dc- the men and events of the period.

 

 

