 

Page  ,,

 

 

r i

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, MAY 28, 1937

 

 

State College News

The undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
College for Teachers

 

Published everg Friday of the college year by the News
Boar representing the student Association

Telephones: OMce, 5-9373: Wolzok. 241752; Smith,
8-1814: Nightingale. 24144; Gaylord. 2-4314

Entered a: second chm matter in the Albany. N. Y., pottamce

THE NEWS BOARD

Sorma WOLZOK  Editor-inﬂhief
DAVID B. SMITH  Managing Editor
ROBERT E. Hsa'rwm  Associate Managing Editor
EDGAR. B. O'HoaA  Associate Managing Editor
JEAN STRONG  Associate Managing Editor
MILDRED E. NiOIl’I‘INOAhE  Business Manager
CHARLES W. GAYLORD  . . . . . . .. Advertising Manager
Woman A. Brnzx  Circulation Manager

THE NEWS STAFF

Co-Sports Editors
Charles Franklin William Ryan

Associate Editors
Albert Architzel Joyce Maycock
Charles Walsh

 

Ramona Van Wie
Charles Ettinger

Assistants to Business Board
Assistant Business Manager. . . . . . . . .Grace Castiglionc
Assistant Advertising Manager. .. . . . . . . . . .Joan Byron

Business Staff
Lois Ferguson, Doris Parizot, Marcia Brown, Kenneth
Haser, Robert Cogger, John Newstead, Florence Lax,
Mary Gabriel, Elga Schiavi, Harriet Sprague

Reporters

Florence Adler, Caleb Augustine, Florence Barrows,
Betty Bunce, Giacinta Capuana, Robert Cogger, Mar-
garet Collines, Sadie Flax, Bernice Freymeycr, Virginia
Elson, Saul Greenwald, Eloise Hartmann, Otto Howe,
Yvette Hyman, Leonard Kowalsky, Hilda Kronovit,
William McCracken, Robert McKenzie, Thelma Miller,
David Minsberg, Jean Mitchell, Arthur I’hibbs, Louis
Rickman, Lillian Rivkind, Savia Scumaci, Blossom
Schwartz, Miriam Shapiro, Helen Smykla, George Stung-
ler, Barbara Van Patten, Jane Wilson, Sally Young,
Wilbur Valley, Victoria Yankowski

 

Purim 31 Born Panama 00., Isa, ALBANY, N. Y.

 

We’re Off! 1!

Beginning with today’s issue the 1937-38
board takes 'chargc of the STATE Com.an News.
Its traditions, its policies, its past, present, and
future rests in our hands for us to mold as we
will. Moving-up Day to us means an assump-
tion of‘responsibilitics and duties which will be
ours for the next year. It ﬁlls us with an eager
desire to do what’s right—to make past boards
proud of us, to make the student association feel
in us a medium for their thoughts, activities,
and ideals, and to be able to relinquish the re-
sults of our cl't'orts at the end of next year with
the satisfaction coming from having a job well
done.

Minglcd with zeal for future work is a l’ccl-
ing of regretwl'or tlccting time, for lost; l’ricnds.
Here we refer not only to tho Nuws, but: to the
junior and senior classes ot’ the collcgc.

At this time, wu ot’ the new board wish to
ask the cooperation of the student body to make
the S'rA'rr: Common flaws our paper. It sonic-
thing,r we do displcuscs you to the point; whorc
you sizzle every time you think ol:' it. don't
whisper it to gossip-loving cars nbonnding,r in
lockcr rooms, see us or scnd us it Iitllc notc toll-
ing us about your pot pcovc and your sing-gos-
tions for its abolition. ’l‘hon wc'll show you
that we not only can take it but nro willing to
work out a cooperative solution.

Quibblers—Note

The hour to bc dcvotod to thc [)I’I'Hl'lllllllllll ot'
the budget in today's asscinbly will bring to
light more than the more monotnry units usltod
for by the various collcgo uctivillcs, Wo mcnn
horc. the cndlcss quibblng soon in prcvions yours
at lnulgct discussion limo. l’ooplo who sit
quietly all your in usscmblios got Ibo urgo to talk
on the budget, and luck ot’ argument docs not
stop them. (.‘onslrnctch criticism on major
points is desirable and necessary for a demo-
crulic student association, but you and I can toll
whether a discussion is brought about by sinocrc
interest or by a desire for rcvougo.

 

 

Advertising Advice

 

 

 

Commentstater

Moving-up Day has started a lot of us thinking.
Cogitntion of a serious nature usually leads to some
results and after Mr. Murphy’s speech we remembered
Gumacr’s editorial of last year calling for more pub~
licity for State college. We feel that too many of us
take our alma mater for granted—it's a good educa-
tional college but: we stop there in our thinking. We
never think ot' the members of our faculty who stay at
State not because they haven’t received better offers
elsewhere but because they like the surroundings, the
atmosphere, and the methods. We never stop to realize
until someone gives a speech that Tommy’s course on
Scottish Literature is the only one of its type in the
United Statcs. Do any of us appreciate the men of the
various departments who are preeminent in their ﬁelds ‘1
The answer is No, we don’t.

Well, what is the'solution? I think that the answer
lies in us, the students of State college. We should
talk it up at home; give our press bureau more coopera-
tion; and do something to make it more noted in Albany.
We have not enough days like Moving-up Day. Why
don’t we have a winter festival to break up that long,
dull period between Campus day and our spring mov-
ing up ceremony? Anothcr suggestion is to set aside a
day a year in which we shall have ﬂoats, a band and
a parade around the school and city. More days like
these are necessary it’ State is to become a closely inte-
grated unit because we have no campus to speak of;
we have no big athletic tcum to knit us close in that
‘rah-rnh’ spirit; we have no menus at unification except
in our freshman orientation week ending in the college
bonfire. Such days like these if given the proper ad-
vertising would attract people from nearby sections and
the name of State would soon spread over a wide area.
Also, it would give us a school spirit and a willingness
to work together which has at times been sadly lack-
ing at our almn mntcr.

Another thing that we have thought about are those
at us who shcd a tour on Moving-up Day as we movcd
on to anothcr your and another experience. We can
think ot’ few things better thun the t’uct that we have
cnongh sentiment for the old place nod for our friends
who are leaving that we can spare a little moisture tor
the collogc. We bclicvc that a little bit ot' inmost cll'ort
to publicize Stute and to becomc active in the ntl"uirs
ot’ State would be some ot’ the things better than ,just
lotting thc cycs water.

I‘ l II C

 

Usuully the last issue before the now your the news
pnpcrs summurizc the cvcnts that lmvc taken place 'lur-
ing the your lhut has just llod punt. Now. wo would
like to review thc outstanding cvcnts ot’ Stntc’s your
just closing. First, we had the chcnts inquiry com-
mission visit us and us Murphy stutod, “rumor has it
that We were cullcd the host teacher's training institute
in the country". A grout thing huppcncd to our cxtru-
class schodulc when the seniors sturtcd thc idcn ot’ big
Iunnc bands with llcsor and tho juniors, sinibomorcs
and (lrcokn t’ollowcd suit with Dnilcy, licrignn, und
(‘obul‘lL 'l‘hon too a Stuto mun wns oloclod I‘llllll‘lllllll
ol' the I'cg‘ionnl .\'.S.l“.;\. group. Stnl‘c wns nlso host
to scvcrnl conl’orcnccsv—umong lhom lacing thc Ncwmnn
clubs and tho Lulhornu clubs. Also wc stnrtod u now
systcln ot’ politics with our opcn campaigning and our
poslors. ()nr dobulc, sports, nnd sound continnod on
with lhoir syslom ol’ inlorcolloginto compotition. .\nd
so wo l1n\'o como to tho cud ot' nnotbor yo:Ir~-~\\‘o look
nhond with liopc minglod with l’cnr. llopo, boonuso wo
know that thto con rcnlizo so mnny things; und l'onr,
bocnuso wc nrc donbtl'nl ot’ whnl nnd how to carry on
so wo nsk you, why don’t you got out und push for

thlc, got bohind sonic nsot‘ul work and ronlly .lo

room-thing.

Book of the Week:
Mercy Killing for Moron

By Elfrieda llurtt

Of Mice and Men, by John M. Sloinbock. .\'cw tot-Ix.
('oviol l"I'olIlo. ltllli‘. lHIi pp.

This is lho story ot’ liooigo null l.onnio, two drilling
ruln'II-hnuds from tho sumo homo town. th-orgo, Iilllo.
wiry. and quick on tho llpluho, bus on his bonds l.onnlo,
n lingo. bcnr-llko nmn with n child's mind. ln-nnio is
woll‘mcnuing und ull'oolionnlc, but blnndoringly bc kills
tho things ho lovos. (loorgc roullzon that “my will uo\'or
hnvo u rcnl homo on long as ln-unlo’n mlsdcmcunors
got thcm in tronblo, llo says, “Whon I think ot’ lho
swoll limos I could hu\'o without you, I go nuts." Still
tlcol'go will not dosort l.onnio, ulld lhcy lll‘tl insopurublos.

'l'ho impossibility ot' Lonnio’n loading it normal lil'o
is the llnulo t’or thoir putting by death. l.onnlc t'righlons
lho I'unch boss' duughlcrin Iuw, und in so lorritlod by
hor crics that ho kills hcr. Iloorgc, whilo soothing Lonnic
with n promise ol' t‘uluro lmpplnoss, shoots him bocnuso
ho ronliros lhol'o Is no hopo l'ol' oilhor ot’ lhom whilo
ho livos.

'l'ho six clnqitors ot' tho book form n complolo wholo,
uud could ousin bo slugcd bocuuno ol’ tho nimplo, rcnlislic
diuloguo. llccnusc thorn is no advance in tho trculmont
ot' the two men beyond lho tlrsi chapter, the Ilo\‘olollo
might have boon just as cli'cclivo as Ii short story.

 

Myskania Taps Twelve
Before Tense Assembly

Thirteenth Chair Causes Suspense As Allard Closes “ Tapping,”
Five Men and Seven Women Compose New Body.

 

Tense anticipation gripped the stu-
dents in Page hall, from the inexpe-
rienced freshmen to the austere
seniors, last Friday, as old Myskania,
senior honorary society, marched sol-
emnly down the aisles of the assembly
to “tap.’ ’

According to the procedure in 1933,
old Myskania chose the new members
in alphabetical order, beginning with
Alice Agnes Allard, who tapped Eliz. -
beth Appeldoorn and ended with
Virginia Steel who chose Sophie
Wolzok.

The new Myskania consists ot’ ﬁve
men and seven women. After the
twelfth member had been led slowly
to his seat, the suspense was prolonged
when Miss Allard marched around a
thirteenth chair to climax the cere-
mony.

Myskania for 1937-38 is as follows:

Ellzqu-th Juliet Appeldoorn will be
a mcmbcr of the Y. W. C. A. (.‘nblnot;
during the '37—38 school year. This
your she was co-chnlrmun of the junlor
luncheon committee. and chairman of
junior guldcs. She also lmd charge ot'
the class stunt on Moving-up Day. She
has bccn 11 member of G.A.A. for three
years. Miss Appeldoorn graduated
from Mohawk High in 1933 and ls a
member ot' Delta Omega sorority. She
is majoring in English and mlnorlng
In history.

Dorothy Mildred Cain will be vice-
president ot' her class, tooturc editor of
tho l'edngoxue. uml n scnlor mcmbcr
ot' MIL-dc council ncxl. lcrm. She was
tronsnror ot‘ hcr tronhmun class and
\'lcc«pl'csldcut of both hcr sophomore
and junlor classes. As a sophomore
Mbis Unln was chulrnmu ot' the sopho-
moro nolrcc. As ll junior. she was
trcnsuror ot' music council. junior gnldc
cnptnln. counsellor ut l'I'cnhumu camp
and chulrmnu ot‘ the junlor wcok-Inul.
Hhc is u mombcr ol‘ Ncwnmn club and
tho Y.W.(,‘.A. She is prcsldonl ot’ (Ihl
Sigma ’l‘hctu. She graduated from St.
.\lnry's school at (‘luyton ln ltltlil. llcr
major ls Engllsh nnd hor mlnor Is
History.

lilclinrd Montgomery (,‘nx was a
mombcr of the Slate L'ollcgc l'ross
Bureau on a sophomore and junior. As
a junior ho was nsslstnnt dlrcotor ot'
l'rcslnnnn camp, and prcsldcut ol.’ hls
class. [to was chairman ot' the munlc
oonnnltloo for Ms sophomoro solrco.
Ncst your ho wlll bc dlroclor ot’ inon's
l'I'cshmun comp and buslncsn Innnngcr
ol’ the Hon. llo grnduntcd from
Albany High, is n inombor ot' Edward
Illldor l'ottor i‘lub. llln major ls soclul
studios and his minor ls lvlngllsh.

“'nrrcn lmuw Dolmmorc will ln- tho
now prcsldcnt of tho Sludonl, nnsooln-
tlon. Durng his throo yours to school,
he bun hold chins ollloos: rcporlor, slur
donl lilHll‘tl ol' llnnnco, cdllor ol’ the
l’roshmnn handbook: bun boon n sophm
inoro don odltor and on ussoolulo
mnnnulng cdllor of tho Slnto (‘olh-go
Nows; ho wns u mombor ol' Iho I'l'osrl
linrcuu. und lho Dlroolory bonrd: wns
t'lI'I‘li'll its ono of tho (loll-unlI-H ln lllI'
.'\'..\'.l~‘..>\. oonvonllon, nnul pnl'llolpulod
ln tutor-colloglulo (lI'lJIIlo. llo is n
Inolnbor ol' l\'uppn ltolln lilm l'rnlol'nlly.
nnd nrndnnlod l‘rom ('orlnlh libel:
school. ills Innjor ls sou-lnl slnIllI-s nnd
hls mlnor ls l'lngllsh

Ilorbori l'illlllllllt‘l IH'INM wns \‘loo
[-rI-sldcnl ot' llls l‘l'oshlnnn clnss lllIIl
prosidonl ol' bls sophomoro olnsn, .\.~ n
ll'I'NlIllllill ho was on Ibo l.lon nod l-lobo
liIIIIl'IlN. lll’ llllN' lll‘l‘ll illl IlI'lnllI- >I|Ilil|lt~
lor lhI'oo yours us n l'rosbninn. sopho
IIIIIl‘u' llllll .llllllnl'. “4' In ltl'osIIlI'lll Iil' lill‘

lnlornnliolnil llolnllons I'lllll. IH‘oov.
arudnnlod l'roin .\lbony llluh llllli ls n
IIII-Illln'l‘ IIl' l'i. l'i. I‘IIllI'l' l‘lllll. |' ln'
lnklnu Ihroo IIIll,lItl" blslory, hliI'llll

slnIllI-s nnd l'lnullsh.

.lono .\ll|lnl'd I'Idizi-Inlnbo \\|l| bi-
]||'I‘\llll'||l of tho loom. \\'o1non'.-a l‘lII'ls
[Inn .\s:.oomllon I'or tho your loll? it»
lllltl lllll‘ ill' llli‘ llll'l't'lIil'h ol llI'\l ,\I-.|l“.\
I‘I'oslunnn cuinp, Nho has boon n llll‘lll
bol' ol' li..\..\. I'ol' tlII'oo yours. sonlnu n~.
nI'olo-ry l'llllllllll Ihls your. :nul ns~lslnnl
l'roshinnn oulnp dlroolor lho provlons
m-usnn. Slo- hold lho |IIlellIll| III on
portor In tho \,\\'.I' .\. on n wpholnol'o.

illlll Ibo ll'onsnrorshlp Illls your Mn-
hns boon llHHIH‘lllll'll wllh novornl do
lnlrlnn-nlnl clubs Rho wns urnIlnnlI-Il

l'I'IIIII lllo \lulll'no lllull Holt-ml In llm‘ll
oslor. and in oomph-Ilon u Ilonblo Innjor
ln l“l'l'l||‘ll llllll ooInIncrI-o h‘ho Is in
IllI‘llllII‘l' ot‘ llolu Zi-In norol'lly.

.\lurli-l \hlnn tmldbcru \\l|l bo pl'osl
Ilon! ot‘ ulnslc I'tlllllI'll .H‘ho bus boon n
Inolnbol' ol' IIIIInlI‘ u-onnoll I‘ol' llll‘m-
yours, nnd hnn boon on Ibo .\ow.~ Mull
.is n roporlor. n nIIIIIIIIIIIIII'I' doin odllnl'
nod nn ltrIHm'llllv I'IlllIII. Slio was In
Inolnbor ot' llnunoo lintll'll ulol lINHIH'lIilI‘
odllor ol' tho I.lon .\s n l'roshninn sho
nun llll hllonllnnl lo .N‘pnnlsh Illll'i‘ll.
and no a junior m-I'vod no u outdo cup
lulu. Hho In It Ioolnbor oI .\|pbn
l-lpsllon I‘lIl Nol‘nl‘llj. nod nns grudn
nlcd from tho \\'nnhlnulon lrxlni: Ill ll
school to 'l‘nrrylowu. h'ho ll.|\ n Ilooblo
major to history nml l‘lnullth, and n
Inlnor ln son-int Nlllllli‘n

lmnllo :lNIIII'N linm bus :\|‘l‘\I‘|l on Hlu
IlI'lIl oonnoll l'or tIm-o _\I'.ll‘><. ns pronl
dqu of tho l'ronlnnnn I'Inw M't'l‘l'llil‘j
llllll \'loo |Il'I~hltlI'lll ot' Sludonl .‘i\~viI'lll
Ilon llo bus boon n nn-Inbor ol bolh
llio l'ullll HleI'llt llovlslon I'Ulllllllllt't‘
llllll tho l'oimlllnllonnl ltoilslon oolo
Inhloo. llo wuu ono of Ibo l\\'o II-lo
hub-s to tho N.S.l"..\. convolution. was n
Inolobor ol' t‘nlnpun oonnulsslon, nnd
was it junior cubic onplnlu, llo be u
nn-nIln-r ol' tho lvldwnrd l'ihlrod l'oIIor
club. and Koppu l'hl KIIDIIII. [iv was

 

 

Statesman

 

Well, Moving-up Day has left us
gasping for breath, as usual . . .
such generosity! . . . Again the black-
robed horde will number twelve . . .
someone has to ﬁll those vacant caps
and gowns . . . how many of your
bets were correct? . . . we weren’t
very good ourselves . . . congratula-
tions to the fresh for their ‘heavcnly’
stunt . . . what mop donated the hair
to Saint Peter, Joe? . . . Where did
the sophs pick up their tap dancer—
and thc atmosphere? . . . the seniors
tapped their Myskania in a lmrry. . . .
Does Murphy know yet ‘that the
abandonment has cndcd’ and the
school superintendent’s name was
David Perkins Page—not just ‘Pcr-
kins"! . . . a D in history of Ed for
you, Jack.

Most Moving-up Day cclcbrutidns
took place on Thursday night, but
some were carried over into Friday
. . . Were you just waiting for Erwin,
Ollie? . . . we hear thct Paul’s car( ‘1)
travolcd places and saw things curly
Friday morning . . . just ‘who’ di-
rected the girl ’s athletic cvcnts‘! . . .
and why? . . . now that we have rid
ourselves of our nasty cracks we’ll
indulge in cracks ot' a more pcrsonul
nature.

Saturday night saw somc quecr
combinations at C'ollcgc housc and
Pottcr C‘lnb . . . (also at tho ‘Shunr
rock’) . . . Charlie was giving her
hcl-on tho ‘lloul’ but shc still wouldn't
say that shc was all wn(llshod
up . . . and tumbling .loc proved that
he could grin and bnrct with any
Jane. . . . Joe and llizzic wcrc among
the missing at 134, as wcrc Paul and
Millie . . . Marion seems to have
chungcd hor ‘king’ for a Duke . . .
another Mrs. Simpson plol‘! . . .

We’re sorry that the ‘l’cd’ isn't
out yet so wc could ruko it ovol' tho
coals . . . wc'vo tukcn cvcrything olsc
for a ride in our day . . . “'0”. it’s
bccn t’nn hcckling you this your. (to,
l’ricnds'!, upon your last vocation and
romcmbcr—Momorinl duy oouu-s onco
a your but with tho right procnnlions,
uny duy on Do u ‘momornblc’ Ilny

_ Ilood-byo, mopos . . . (sob, sob).

'l'lll‘l .\l.\.\' ()l" H'l'.\’l‘l‘l

:I'ndnntod from this! lllgh :«I'lluol 1n
lloohoslor. nnd hns n Iloublo Innjor ln
Innlhonlnllos :lllIl nooonnIlnu.

'l‘lIclInn lilnncllo .\Illlcr \\'l|l bond lln-
lill'lh' .\Ih|oIlc :lhmn'llllinll for tho ooln
III;.' your. Hho bus llI'lI‘Il ns sopbqu-urc
olnss innnnuor ot' clrls' nlhlollos, cup
llllll nl‘ Mu'ol'l'. ||l'|'r~lil|'lll ol' lmllll
llnnkors. llllll on Illl'l'I'lIIl' ot' l'rosb onnrp.

lins ln-on sonl us :l ill-Iouulo to
',I',.\. oonl'oronoos llil‘onuhonl lho
hlllll‘. lllill lins boon u lllI'IIllII‘l‘ ol \.\\'.
onbinol. Sho is n roporlor on Ibo Nows.
null wns n jnolor unblo onplnln Nb.» ls
n llIl'llIllI'l' ol' lloln '/.oln sorol‘lly. nnd wns
urnllunII-Il t'roln .\ll|no High school.
Sbo bus n doulilo mnjor lo .soolul slnIllon
nlol oonnnorco. llllll n minor in biology,

Slio
Y.\\

John .lonopln U'ul'lt'ﬂ Hill |--- |n'o~lIlI-'Il
III‘ [ho .\loI1'.-I .\lhlollo nsmu-lnllon l'or
Iho ooinlnu your. lll' bus born o llll'lII'
lH‘l' ol' tho l'roshlnnu llllrliu'llilill 1min.
lhc vnrslly bum-ani lonln for two yours.
nnIl lbo ,\l..\..\. oonnoll llo has nlso
boon u l'opl'i'rIolIlllllVo Io loIorI'rnlI-rully
oonncll. nIId n Inolnboc of tho ltlroc
Iory bonrd. Ilo Is :1 no-Iqu-r oI' lx‘nppn
llolln ltho l'rnlornily, ll||Il \\':I~‘ grndn-
lllI-Il l'I'IIIlI llll' 'I‘lonluII-I'oun Illuh HI'linol.
Ills nmon' In t'IIIIIlllI'l'oI'. nod hls Inlion'
In History.

Hurnll I‘lllllllll'lll “In-Inn \\l|l bo proﬁl-
Ilonl of tho lll'llllllllll' nml .\l'l llnhtrl‘lll
Ilon. ol' whlch sbo bus boon u Inolnbcr
l'III‘ llII'I‘I‘ jI'lil‘rt. HillI lIllN lHll'lli'lpnlI'Il
ln olonu-nlnry nnd nnlvnnood Ill'nlnnllcs
olnnsou. nod In tho l’ronlnnnn l'i'lno
Hponklnl: oonlosl. Sho ls n Inolnbor ol'
Ilobnlo oonnoll. nod nus u I'opl'csonln
Ilvo on tho l'olnl SyslI-in llI‘\'l.-Jlnll ooln~
Inllloo. Hho is u Inolnbor ol‘ l-lln l’hl
NIIl'III'llj. nnd wnn‘ urndunloil I'I'oln tho
llnvls High school In \lonnl \'ornon,
llol' Innllor ls English and lo-r Inluor
ls hlslory.

Hoplllo “'olmk wlll IIo I'lllltll"lll olIlI-l'
ol‘ lho Stnlo I‘ollI-go Nouns out your.
Sho hus workod on tho Nows l'or lhroo
yours as onb roporlor. don odllor.
mot unmn'lllli' lilllllliullllr onlllor. Hbo
wns hor ,lnnlor t'lllns rcporlor nnd n
Inolnbor ol' l'l'I-Hu lllll'Ilill ln hor junior
and sInibonun'o yours. Mlss \\'olr.ok
wns nlso nnsoclnlo oIlllor ol‘ Iho l'l'onh
mun handbook. .N‘ho grudnnlod l'roln
Mlll'ﬂlil‘I‘lVllll' High school. Hho in u
mombcr ol‘ Slumn .\lphn sol‘ol'lly, llcr
mnjol' ls coInInorI-o nnd lor mlnor is
English, wllh n sooond major in
r-bcIolsIry.

 

 

Volume V

Alarmist
An unusual photo

study by Fergus Re:

trum, a member of the

University of Mimic,
sota Camera Club.

Contours Dil'lllﬂ‘

 
 
   

Photo by Burns

Stars of
Futurc
\Vlllllil It
l‘t'dlllY ““l|l\'\l\
\l‘Hllw-l- 1 ~. Ilo‘n
.lll‘ul Mill'l’gllo'w'
ll Ill lint \‘H I I I i'Ii

.
.11: ‘lltl\\l|"l| llo'll

husnmiorul

   

Opening vast new ﬁelds of scientiﬁc research
Capable of measuring the light rays ot‘ a lOO’WiltlZ
 bulb 2,000 miles away. a photometer to be used
in gauging the light from the most distant stars is shown being put into
scrvucc in the University at Arizona's Steward observatory.

       

L

Here‘s something new in testing machines
Rater .All men and Women attending the recent "Spring Fever"

dance of the M.|.'I‘. Catholic Club were given tests on this
novel Seamecrmolieveromctcr, developed by Tech Student scientists
to add a touch of novelty to the allair. This "patient." is “slipping”, as the
lighted bulb on the diagnosis machine indicates. chm. by my

 

,; HANGINGON No Hop:

 
 
 

 

 

 

 

