i:

 

 

 

,. .31.“.

i

,‘l
d
at


- l
1' l
fl

,i

 

   

     

Page 2

' " Established by the Class of 1918
The undergraduate NeWspaper ofNew York State
r College for Teachers
Published every Friday of the college year by the News
_ Board representing the student Association
Telephones: Office, 5-9373;; Wolzok, 2-6752; Smith,
3-1814; Nightingale, 2-4144; Gaylord, 2-4314
Entered as second class matter in the Albany, N. Y.
postoffice

RI'RIIINTID POI NATIONAL ADVIITIBINO IV

NationalAdvertlsmgSemce, Inc.
Calla" Pub/blur: Penn-culmin-

420 MADIION Ava. New YORK. N. Y.

CHICAGO I 'OI'OI ' LOI ‘IGILII I 5‘" FIAHCIICO

THE NEWS BOARD

Scrum Woczox  ........ .. Editor-in-Chief
Dluno B. Snrrn ...... .. Managing Editor
Roam E. Hamwro  e Managing Editor
EDGAR B. O’HonA Associate Managing Editor
Jun Srnonc .............. ,. Associate Managing Editor
Manner) E. NIGHTINGALE  Business Manager
CHARLS W. Garcons ..... .. . Advertising Manager
Vic'rcnm A. BILZI ........................................ .. Circulation Manager

THE NEWS STAFF

William R an . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..Men’s Sports Editor
Charles Frhnklin ..... ..Assistant Sports Editor
Betty Clark . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Women’s Sports Editor
Associate Editors
Ramona Van Wie Albert Archltzel Joyce Maycock
Charles Ettinger Charles Walsh
Assistants to Business Board
Aesistant Business Manager ................ ..Grace Castlgllone
ASslstant Advertising Manager ...................... ..Joan Byron

i, Who Reads Your Mail?

Some of our more curious students have
discovered a new source of interesting 11t-
erature, and in their own little way have
been getting no end of amusement from
their little “find.”

The time is any time and the place hap-
pens to be our student mail box. The peo-
ple who are responsible for thlS breach of
decency merely go to the box which prom-
ises to contain the most interesting mail
and read it through.

Our mail box is there for our conveni-
ence, and what mail may come to us we
expect to open and read. This view and the
enforcement of it may hamper those who
are working their way through college via
the mail box. It may disappoint those who
rely on the mail box for their reading mat-
ter. But the arrangement will be perfectly
satisfactory to us.

And us is you. You may not like the
grammar, but even you snoopers, perhaps
especial/y you snoopers, would not object
too strenuously to privacy for your mail.
Do the others and they’ll probably get the
idea and do you.

   
  
   

 

  
 

    

 

Interclass Rivalry

Outstanding among the red letter days
on every college calendar are those on
which the sophomores engage the freshmen
upon the l'ield of interclass rivalry. Tomor-
row marks another of these traditional
battles on the State College campus.

It is at these periods of organized riv-
alry that real class spirit has a chance to
manifest itself. There can be no doubt but
that Web combats stir up the greatest fer-
vor among the lower classes. Still, it need
not confine itself" solely with them. Juniors
and seniors will have an opportunity to
root for sister classes.

Rivalry is not something to be compar-
ed to tho Spanish civil war, but is, in the
last analysis, a means of further orientating
the freshmen to the ways of college life-—
teaching thom that all work and no play
makes Jack a dull boy. (llass loyalty is
something worthy of development, and
rivalry is a sure mcthod of aiding this de-
velopment.

it is not by the number of Htlt)\’VUl‘-(ltlt’l\"
ings and outfits of wearing apparel ruined
that the winning class is judged, but by its
wholehearted participation and coopol'u-
tion in such organized encounters as push—
ball, hockey, and stunts. Each class is
given the opportunity to display its best in
the field of sports, music, debate, and dram~
atics. These are opportunities that should
not be overlooked by lower-classmen if
rivalry is to play its part in college life.

Again, tomorrow is Campus Day!
Rivalry will be the major theme of the day
“let's see some class spirit.

 

 

STATE COi..l.EGE NEWS, OCTOBER 22, [937

 

'Are You Interested?

 

 

COMMENTSTATER

There is nothing that so thoroughly irritates us
as this remark that is too frequently flung at us.
“That may be true in college but I’m talking about
practical things in the outside world!" Although we
have always stoutly defended colleges and college stu-
dents against any such attacks, We sometimes wonder
if the attacks do not carry some justification,

We like to believe that college is not apart from
but a part of life. But has college been a part of life
to you, or has it been a bulwark against life. Are you
so completely concerned with your clubs, fraternities,
sororities and dances that you are deaf to the rolling
echoes of world events that today may quiver and
shake the very walls of your school and some day may
shiver and tumble the school itself? So, are you in-
terested? Are you interested in the turmoil that is
even now engulfing Spain, China and Japan? Are
you interested enough to prevent it from similarly
engulfing your own country? Are you interested in
your own country? Do you know about the living
conditions of the people who will some day send their
children to you? Do you realize that as teachers of
a new generation you must not merely be interested
but you must be willing to do something.

No, we would not have you cast aside your dreams.
We would have you know what is happening without
the ivy walls of this, your sanctuary. We would have
you give careful thought to your responsibility. Man
has turned always to his teachers when flame, sword
and shield have failed him. And so will man always
turn to his teachers. It is the responsibility of his
teachers to point him in the right way. It is their
duty then to know what are the results of the wrong
way. It is their duty to teach him what to use to re-
place the flame, the sword and the shield. And you
will be his teachers! Can you who have seen only your
narrow, petty, selfish interests point him the right
way? Can you teach him to think when seldom have
you thought yourselves? You shrug your mental
shoulders? Don‘t! You have been too busy reading
and copying those of some one else. But some day
you will leave your college. Some day you will be
called upon to think for yourself, to help solve great
problems. Will you be ready? You will be teachers.
You can be the leaders. So, We ask you, are you in-
tercsted?

 

 

Bach of the Week:

Destruction in Spain

The Life and Death of a Spanish Town, by Elliot

Paul, Random House, New York, 425 pages.

By Charles Ettlngcr
(On sale and rental in the 00-01))

In the peaceful island fishing town of Santa Eula-
lia Del Rio, bathed in the mild climate of the Medit-
erranean and the security bred of untold centuries of
unhurried industry, lived a group of human beings,
fishing, farming, drinking, singing and dancing, never
dreaming that the roaring of fascist bombing planes
was soon to start the village dogs barking—and then
to stop them—forever. True, a town may some day
rise again, but it will be a strange town, a ghost town,
lacking the age-old tradition of peace, industry and
love of pleasure that were the life of the people of
Santa Eulalla.

It is interesting to note Mr. Paul's style of writing
as the book progresses. One is inclined to think that
he could not make up his mlnd which style would be
best suited. In the beginning it is ordinary prose;
then gradually there appears a noticeable lack of verbs
and articles. The sentences are short, impressionistic,
modern, and seem to have been written down spon-
taneously, wlth more thought of a complete picture
which they are building than ol' lndlvldual meanings
of words.

Mr. Paul llved among the people ol' Santa Eulalla
for five years, was accepted as one of them, was
christened Xunlcu. He says in his oponlng paragraph:
 . . I knew all of them, their means and aspirations,
their politics and phllosophy, their ways ol‘ llfo, their
tics ol' blood, thelr friendships, their (loop-seated hut-
l‘(‘(lﬁ and luconsequcntlul unlmosltios." In Part 1
which is appropriately cntltled “4000 Ii. 0. to 1930 A.
D.", the author introduces the lnlutbltants of his
adopted town, from the two idiot sons of Anl'lta, tho
postmaster, lo Pedro, tho "host waiter in the world."
He bi'mgs out all the intlmato details of their every-
day life, describes their appearance and mannerisms,
until the reader knows them almost as Well if not
better than they know themselves. Even the animals
of the town collie in for their share of publlclty, the
cats, the dogs, the cows. And all through thls first
part come flashes 01' what is to come, of the ruinous
strife which is to leave only a few stray dogs, lonely,
wandering among the shattered houses of' what was
Santa Eulaliu, a Spanish town. Part two records its
downfall, l'rom the first fascist seizure of the govern-
mcnt, to the ruthless scattering of the remaining pop-
ulation by the Italian bombers.

Class Stunts Will
Amuse Regal Court

(Continued from page 1, column 5)

The identity of the queen and her
court will be kept secret until the
crowning tomorrow night.

The coronation will take place on
the stage, and members of the royal
party will remain seated, while
stunts are presented by the classes
in order of seniority. The stunts will
begin promptly at 8:00 o’clock.

Edward Reynolds will have charge
of the senior stunt. Those in the
cast include: Earle Cleaves. Paul
Dittman, Percy Foreman, Charles
Gaylord, Henry Groen, Leslie Knox,

'George Mallinson, William Mollen-

kopf, Helen Moore, Agatino Natoli,
Mildred Nightingale, Elizabeth Ap-
peldoorn, and Charlotte leman.

The junior stunt, which will be
directed by Margaret Smith, will in-
clude the following: Christine Ades,
Helen Blfarella, Myndert Crounse,
Della Dolan, Kenneth Doran, Leo-
nard Friedlander, Richard Lonsdale,
Joyce Maycock, Edmore Melanson,
June Palmer, Mary Margaret Pappa,
Marion Rockefeller, Pearl Sandberg,
William Torrens, Joseph Wells,
Helen Zeman, Mary Nolan, Doris
O'Hare and Jean Strong.

The leader of the sophomore stunt
will be Betty Clark, and her cast
will include: Florence Adler, Robert
Anibal, Frances Becker, Bernice
Bishop, Helen Blake, Audrey Con-
nor, Jean DeFillippo, Norman De-
Neef, Betty Denmark, Kenneth Haser,
Marion Kingsley, Richard Platt,
Ruth Santway, Miriam Shapiro.
Lorraine Smith, Robert Stevens,
Anna-Lisa Swensson, Doris Parlzot,
Virginia Elson, Arthur Phibbs, Mar-
cia Brown, and Isabel Ramel.

Cyril Kilb will direct the freshman
stunt, and the cast will include the
following: Richard Abernathy. Jack
Adam, Robert Agney, William Cam-
eron, Ethel Cohen, Elizabeth Cot-
tenham, Glen Clark, Bea Dower, Bob
Hertel, Frank Flllpponc, Rose Lison,
Beatrice Marashlnsky, Roy Mc-
Creary, Eugene McNally, Robert
Mesek. Dorothy North, Clarence
Olsen, Irene Poger, Stanley Smith,
Joseph Withey.

The judges for the stunt are: Dr.
Caroline Lester, instructor of mathe-
matics, Mlss M. Asenath Van Buren,
instructor of commerce, and Miss
Marjorie Wheaton, assistant to the
dean of women.

The announcement of the winner
of the stunt will be made by the
judges during the dancing, which
will start immediately after the
completion of the stunts.

Hellenics

Things are right in the swing . . .
vic parties, guests, initiations, and
a rushing good time for everyone
concerned.

Isabel Ethlngton. '39, and Alma
Smith, '40, Were formally received
into Phi Delta Monday night.

Chi Sigma Theta said the final
vows to Patricia Golden and Kath-
ryn Maloncy, juniors: Mary Arndt,
Alice Brown. and Edna Fuller, sopho~
mores.

Wearing the White rose, emblem-
atic of formal membership into
Kappa Delta this week were: Eliza-
beth Lockwood, '39; Marjorie Baird,
Helen Bloke, Rosalind Frey, Marian
Kingsley, Doris Shultes, Lorraine
Smith, and Mary Tralnor, sopho-
lllOl‘CS.

Slmllar proceedings took place at
Psi Gamma recently when Marcia
Brown, Janet Byrnc, Florence Gcbc,
Helen chzc, and Janet Thomas
wcl'o received lnto full membership.
Guests at Psi Gum lncluded Jane
Andrew, Jane Miller, Norma Dixon,
Elizabeth O'Donnell, and Edith
Estcrbrooks.

Wookcndcrs at I‘llil‘hl Wol'o Nina
loubo, '30; h‘unlcc Cotton, '37; Mary
ltlloy, '35; and Wilma McLoncthnn,
'(lf).

liolu Zola unl‘lounccs that it has
\volcomod Miss Ascnuth Van Burcn
of tho commerce department, and
Miss Anna I’ahner, mathematics
supcrvlsor. into honorary lllt?!lil)()l‘~
ship.

To conclude the llst of lnlllatlons
this week Alpha Rho pinned Vlvlun
Salisbury, '38, and Frances Cunaduy,
’lill.

Mlldrcd Lndd and Harriet 'l‘lm~
mcrs, both '32, and Eleanor Gage,
'33, signed the guest book at Gamma
Kap.

So, in conclusion, a word to the

 

 

 

freshmen . . . you names wll! be ln
hcrc sonic day!

 

 

' Statesman

 

If We are going to have gossip
columns at all they should be brief-
er and much more direct. If the
student body is as tired of reading
puns on people’s names as the States-
man is of making them, it will be
relieved to hear that this week
things are going to be different. This
week we throw out evasion, and em-
brace the catechetical method. You
know . . . . .

Q. Who goes with Fay Forman?
A. Charlie Matthews, We are almost
positive, goes with Fay Forman.
Thls will tell very little (all we
know), and will infer nothing, and
Will therefore be very dull.
Q. Is that wave in Warren’s hair a
Permanent? Marcel?
A. Neither. It is natural, at times
ghastly, but it is neither permanent
or max-eel. 0r finger.
Q. Did Meehan chaperone Gamma
Kap's vie party Friday night? He
didn't have a date, We know.
A. No. The lout just came appar-
ently to eat apples.
Q. The rushing tactics of what sor-
orities resemble a Chicago protec-
tion association getting business?
A. The rushing tactics of all soror-
ities resemble a Chicago protection
association getting business except
Chi Sig. They are more conservative
and resemble in method the Catholic
Church at the time of the Inquisi‘
tion.
Q. Did Ruth Mullen's out-of~town
boy friends kiss her goodbye?
A. Well, really!
Q. No. I mean it.
A. Not Friday night, anyway.
Q. What co-cd will be next on the
EEP circuit?
A. Betty Gorgan if the boys have
anything to say about it.
Q. Who ls Campus Queen?
A. One of five people. (This is of
course conjecture], an individual ex-
pression of taste. Bets at even
money will be taken if arranged in
notes addressed to the Statesman.)
Q. Who ls promoting the little ro-
mance between a Mt. Saint Mary’s
transfer and a small brunette soph-
omore of Ps! Gamma? (Subtle, ain't
we? You’d never know We meant
Havko and Wilson!)
A. Almost all of the O'Toole boys.
Q. What will it amount to?
A. Time alone will tell, but maybe
the answer will come out at the
Boiler-maker’s Ball tonight.
Q. Is Betty Hayford busy?
A. Yes, almost always.
Q. Was the table-dancc—floor ar-
rangement of the Commons for the
EEP's dance Saturday night well rc-
celved?
A. Yes, it was. Things like this
show the progressive spirit of this
zippy organization. They will go far.
(Thls, too, is conjectural. No bets
will be taken.)
Q. Do you think that catechcllcal
method is such a good idea that
maybe we better let Winchell know
about it so he can cash in on it in
his gossip column?
A. No, indeed.
Q. Are there any objections to mom-
bers of Myskanla being seen (llsport-
lng themselves at the local "spots"?
The Fort Orange Grill for example?
A. No. The grout of all governments
have followed David Windsor’s loud.
and abandoned sacrosunctily; one do ‘
ploros the cholce of s; ots, howcvcr,
Dotty, and suggests the lllgh Ila! on
lowor (,lrccn Street.
Q. “Is Johnny O'Bl'loll more?"
A. No answer.
Q. Won’t it bo nice if this your'a
qnocn looks less campus, and more
(11100“?
A. Yrs.
Q- Whut havo tho liloockol' lioys got
Illul we ain't?
A. Halos at lllo Phi Doll vlc party.
Q. How do you like your Pod proofs?
A. No unswor.
Q. Does anybody here know “Willlc
tho Clutch"?
A. You mean thc out who loors at
innocent Boulevard lunchcrs from
lho col'llol'?
Q. l'rcclsoly. and what corner?
A. Oh, any old corner.
Q. Havo We had enough of this?
A. Enough is too much.

THE MAN OF S'l‘A'l‘E.

 

STA’l‘E c01.,|.1::(.;u NEWS, ocroucu 22, 1937

Page 3

 

 

The
Pitcher ’3
Box

We D. R.

We shold like to remind you lovers
of football and softball that Intra-
mural Councll has requested that the
dorm field be used rather than the
back lawn of State . . . we wonder if
Dr, Hicks' arm ls in condition to
last the whole seven innings of to—
morrow‘s contest the seniors
have been looking over the upper-
class crop for Lazerries, Crossettles,
and DiMagglos . . . but, then, the
screw ball of Hicks may prove too
bewildering . . even for six in-
nings . . . ,

Varsity practice has been con—
fined strictly to fundamentals . . .
passing, cutting, pivoting, and shoot-
ing have been more than emphasized

. with the elimination of the
center tap. stamina and speed this
year will be bigger factors than ever
before . . . the “galloping sopho-
mores" have anything but clnched
varsity berths . . . the fresh of last
year still have the lightning speed
which will be such at determining
factor. . . . .

We hear that Barney Tuttle may
be among the missing this year . . .
Barney proved a valuable dog in
Barrington's machine a year ago , . .

 

 

 

 

Fresh to Exceed Sophs

In First Pushball Came

Faculty-Senior Ball Game to Decide Annual Championship;

 

Soph-Frosh Women toe

Frosh Hoopslers
Schedule Games

Freshmen Face Nine Teams,
C. B. A. Again Provides
Tough Opposition

The yearling schedule which has
just been released is at last offered
to the eyes of the red and white
basketballlans. After revision, draft
and final revision of this program
we are finally allowed to print it.

Vie for Rivalry Points

Tommy Ryan, ’38, manager of
men's athletics for Campus Day, has
announced that tomorrow‘s sports
program will begin at 1:45 o’clock
when the Juniors and Sophomores
will clash in a softball match.

Following the opening softball
game will be staged the girl's hockey
game, under the direction of Dorothy
MacLean, ’39. In this contest, the
seniors and sophomores will match
skills with the juniors and freshmen.
The obstacle race, sack race, three-
legged race, and ball relay will then
follow. After these races, in which
the sophs and frosh will vie for
rivalry points, the faculty-senior
softball game will be staged. At

It is subject to further revision, how- Irreshmen camp, the faculty "snow-

ever, if Coach Hatfield finds lt nec-
essary.

The final schedule contains a total
of nine games. limited to this num-
ber in order to give Freshmen more
time to get orientated in studies and
other activities. No more than one
game will be played a week end,
except the combination of February
18 and 19. These two games may be
changed to distribute the schedule
more evenly. There are no games
scheduled l'or the few weeks preced-
ing semester examinations, nor dur-

Tm-OughouL varsity practice Coach 'ing the course of the exams them-
Hatfield has been stressing a “Matt-WWW-

break" which will be necessary this
season . . . basketball hasn't

Although the games are limited in

revied such a shakcup in many years , “W‘s 1‘ 195“ I‘ll‘llli‘lilblc fll'l'ay 01' O!)-
as the elimination of tho contor tap ‘ P‘m“Ills “m” 1351 3931"" “0511mm- .Klnsella played out in the oats.

has produced . . .
only will necessitate a smooth and
fast-clicking combination, but will
require stamina that has never bo-

tho allvpowerl’ul Mont Pleasant High
cagcrs. Last season the Dorpians
proved victorious over the State

ed under" the upperclassmen and
thus, tomorrow‘s clash will establish
or upset the faculty’s superiority
with the bat.

The faculty line-up at freshman
camp brough into the limelight sev-
eral heretofore unknown stars with
both the bat and glove. It is un-
known at present whether the re-
nowned Hicks-Clauscn combination,
which proved its worth in subduing
the upperclassmen earlier last
month, will be used tomorrow. In
the faculty's last appearance DoBell
Iheld down the lnitlal sack, Bulfer
and Hardy comprised the keystone
lcombination. Ricnow “pulled ’em

 

rc- inumb‘r‘l" 0L” “quad 19-" “0 means ldown and picked 'em up" at. the hot

leorner, and Salisbury Fullager and

this change not *Thc {PU-Sh 0pm the 500-30“ against, The traditional soph-frosh push-

ball contest is scheduled for 4:00
.o'clock. Joe Capplcllo, '40 has been
appointed to direct the sophomores

bOl‘C bum (“Spillle by an ontlro yearlings in both games of then‘ while Johnny Yatsemk, ’4l,wlll lead

basketball five . . .
break" which will requiro lightning
speed the lwcnty~minutc hall‘s will
be “hours” to the baskctecrs . . the
change will make way for quickly-

i

win, “1,. urns,,home-and-away engagements. Nott
"I‘orrace, Cohoes, and Ronsselaer

Wore all three on last season's Fresh
schedulo.
However, C. B. A. will return to

executed, baffling plays and oncoming: Hall for the first time in two

again speed is the prerequisnc.

It would not be surprising if Coach
Hatfield developed twu teams this
year in order to rollovc the strain
of 20 consecutive minutes 01' ball
playing on one quintet . . . should
this be done the sophomores would
possibly fall automatically into a
second-string team . . .

The “fast break" will undoubtedly
tend to make the game rougher .
with five men contlnually weaving,
ducking, and running in the execu-
tion of a play there is bound to bc a
little “rough stuff" . . . thls has been
demonstrated by the ever swelling
casualty list . . . Wednesday night’s
practice added three more to the
list . . . two split lips and a scalp
laceration . . . with the ellmlnation
of the center tap oach play will
bcgln with all five men in their pre-
determined positions . . . such was
not the case formerly when the
beginning of a play dopended solely
upon the center’s ability to “stick”
the ball where it was wanted . , .

This season Coach I’latflcld's squad
will once again use the l'nst~cutting
"figure 8” offensive . . . Wednesday
night l'or the first. limo this year
the varsity squad Wl‘lll through it
short scrlmmugo using tllo “figure
8.. _ r t

The Fresh have to dan disclosed
no definite outstundlng pluyol's . , .
competltlon will bo kocn for first-
string posts . . . probably throughout
the entire sonson , . tho Frosh
squad is uniform in [lllll it ls med—
locl‘c . . .

l’ushbal! odds llill't‘ .‘utilll'l'll it hit
slncc lust wook . . thoy'ro up to
0—] . , , on tho sophs .

Sandburg to 

Delmar Appearance

Carl Sandburg, Wl‘ll'leHl‘l nun!
orn pool and loclul'ol', \vil! nppour at

l

 

!

 

yours to match forces with State's
first. year men. From her standing
in the capital district Catholic loop,
she promises to be extremely prob-
lcmatic.

Our boys split with R. P. I. last
your in their two meetings. As the
varsity, the fresh 1.3t at Troy but
came through on the Page court to
prove victorious.

Milne High last season fell twice

“lbel'orc the heavy onslaught of too

Barl'lngton-coaChEd aggregation. I'
was doubtful for seine time whether
the traditional Milne High fracas
would be booked this year on the
Fresh schedule.
The set up for the coming season:

Dec. 4 Mont Pleasant.

10 R, P. I. (Troy).

1'7 Milne H. S.
Jan. 7 Ronsselacr H. .9. (away).

2i Cohocs.
Feb. 12 C. B. A.

18 Nott Terrace.

10 Mont Pleasant (away).

25 R. P. 1.

Five Veterans Keep
Track Team Berths

lticlunun  Harriers
In (‘ross-(‘ountry Trial

In tho llrsl. cross~country trials
of tho your staged last Saturday
afternoon. Frank l'tlckmnn, ’40, won
with plenty to spare over hls nearest
rival, Louis Fruncollo, ‘40.

This time trial clinched four var-
sity berths leaving three still open
for competition among the other as-
pll'nllls. Captain Harold Haynes. '38,
Tony Wilczynskl. iii), ll‘rank ltlck-
mun, Louis Francollo, und Stove
quwlou'skl, sophomores, as u result
of (his, stopped up into varsity posts.

llu-knnln, l"rancc!lo, and Szuwlow-
ski. Ibo sophomorc trio, are oxpoctod
lo llll tho hl.()(‘S of the misslng letter

llolhlohom Control High school injmon of lost your, Joo lloliusso and
Dolmnl‘ Monday night at 0:00 o’clock.  lL‘d ltoynolds.
Many oi' the studontr. nro uc—l 'l‘ho loul' froshmon out for varsity
quulnlod with Snndbln‘g'n works, lwogbcrlhs under lhc tutelage of Tony
of his bosoknown bcina “(‘hlcago”jWilczynskl arc molding into splondid
and "Smoko and .‘itool " ltoughdornl. lino. to thc short time given
onorgy combmod Will! a wry Hinton-r for practice, it still columns to
and lyric tcndornoss undorli '5 some he soon what thoy can do under still
of his host. pooms, and morll. for competition, As a result of practice
him the title of "'l‘roublutour." Dur— sessions, lilo two men who appear
ing the program, Sandburg will read likcly to go places are Walt thner
sonic of his pocms, and discuss scv— and Jim Snovcl',
oral folk songs ol' our country. The course the hill and dulcrs run
'l‘lokcts are on sale at the Co—op is u mlxture of the Washington Park
for 50 cents. Sludmts tickets are and Lincoln Park courses. The total
being sold at 25 cents. distance is 5.6 miles

the freshmen.

Thirty-seven freshmen and twen-
ty-nine sophomores have boon made
eligible for tomorrow's contest. It
is uncertain as to whether the su-
iperiority of numbers in the Frosh
ranks will give them an edge over
the experienced Sophs. Last year
the class 01' ’40 was twice severely
beaten by the Green of ‘39. It is
without question that the two trounc—
ings of a year ago will give the
Yellow Banner boys the call over
the first—year men. However, the
freshmen have plenty of power, and
despite the handicap of inexperience
will give the sophomores plenty of
opposition tomorrow.

Tommy Ryan will act as head
judge during tomorrow’s contest.
The other field judges will be
Johnny O'Brien and Patsy Miranda,
seniors, and Bill Ryan and Larry
Strattuer, juniors.

In case of rain tomorrow, the
pushball contest will be postponed
one week and a soph-frosh basket-
ball gamc staged on the Page court
will touch off the men’s athletic
events. The pushball fracas, how-
ever, will not be called off unless it
is completely washed out. A damp
or slippery field will not hold up
the contest.

'I'om'uumon! Enthusiasm
Moots Lingering Doath

What's the matter with you
State men? Can't you finish
what you so anxiously started?

When the lntrumurals started
lo the various sports, you men
rushed to sign up for the dlffer‘
cnt actlvitles. After the deadllnc
had passed and the matches had
begun, the fervor and interest
apparently died out. The tennis
tournament ls almost fch weeks
old and as yet the third round
has not started. The committee
on liltl'llllllll‘lllH has been lol'cod
lo post llotlcos on the bulletin
board asking the tennis particl—
punts to oonllnuc tholr matches.

ln golf, tho tournulm-ul. has
rcuclurd the resting stage, For
tho past tWo Weeks it has bcon
in the scml-flnul round and
from all aspects it will l'l'llllllll
thou .

The horse. shoe contest has
been called ofi' because of in-
clcmont wouther. We hope that
it won’t go the way of all tho
rost- «long start and doad finish.

And how about llllil'o ol' you
guys showing up and putting
some pop into the boy's volley
ball at 4:00 o‘clock on the call!-
pus in back of Draper hall.

Mon! Wake up! Finish what
you havo started!

 

 

Fall Season

Conditions
in
General

3. C.

And another Indian Ladder outing
has limped off toward the limbo of
forgotten things. Still, there’s quite
a collection of snapshots to help
preserve its memory. F’rinstance,
the merry mob that crawled on
hands and knees into Haile's cavern,
and then collectively bumlped its
heads on the ceiling .. . . Appledoorn
hotly pursuing the elusive little White
cylinder around the lot . . . Lil Hines
and her climbing skirt . . . adventur-
ous Palmer leading her innocent vlc-
tlms along unknown trails. Of
course, the buses got lost. Who ever
knew it to fail?

The three archery meetings this
week consisted of the first round of
elimination for the tournament. For
those who still quallfy there will be
two rounds each at twenty, thirty,
and forty yards from the target. If
at that time there are any tles, there
will be further play-tolls for the
"champeenship."

Those hockey lassles are really
working hard polishlng off their
game. Why? They’re muchly excited
at the thought of a practice game
with Skidmore that is looming up
in the not-so-distant future, and
they want to be certain of coming
out on top, Here's luck, gals!

On October 29, 30, and 31 . . . Hal-
lowe‘en, remember? . . . there will
be a weekend at Camp Johnston.
The food committee guarantees that
there will be a different kind of
menu . . . NO HOT DOGS OR HAM-
BURGERS l ! !

The tennis tournament is pro-
gressing rapidly, with only two more
rounds to go . . . maybe we'll end up
ahead of the male racquctteers after
all . . . those still in the racquctte-
wielding business are O'Bryan, Winn,
Miller, Sullivan, 0. Baird, Crlcfelds,
and Haberer. Keep it up, and you
may land in Forest Hills.

This week saw the publication of
a new handbook for all members
of the W. A. A. containing practical
facts about the quallflcatlons and
requirements for various sports, it
should prove to be a valuable refer-
once for any bewildered Anastasia
Athlete. Incidentally, what has be-
come of Cuthbert? Maybe he's wait-
ing for the next round of the men's
golf tournament cut at the Munici-
pal course!

The girls are sharpening their
fingernails in preparation for the
annual Campus day scraps. At least
there won't be any major pushball
disasters this year! !

Advice to recent practice—skippers
in any of the fall sports . . . remem-

 

 

 

Graduate Writes
Of Life in A ruba

(Continued from page 1, column 2)

dollar hydrogenation plant. We had
quite some time wasted getting
through the customs but we put
some things over on them because
they were just getting over the
hang-overs from the Queen's birth-
day two days before . . .

“We then went up to the school
with the principal. The peculiar
thing about all the buildings in
Aruba is that they are built up about
two feet from the ground on con-
crete piles with basins in them. The
basins are filled with crude oil to
keep all termites from getting in
the building. It is impossible to
see them around but if as much as
a blade of grass touches the building
they have arrived. The science lab
is the best equipped lab for Chem-
istry and Biology that I have ever
seen in a school of twice its size.
We have quite a collection of local
marine life, beautiful coral and the
like. . . . I am also coach of kittcnball
(softball as it is known in the
States). We have to be in school
by 8:00 . . . and get out at 4:00. The
whole afternoon is devoted to study
because the kids won't do homework
at night. The tropics is not conduc-
ive to very much extra work on the
part of either student or teacher . .

“All the drinking water is brought
from New York City . . . The only
thing We miss is fresh milk, having
to drink KLIM, a milk powder mix-
ed with water which tastes fairly
good. When I get back in the States
next June I will buy a quart of milk
and drink it on the boat dock.

“Our outfits in which we teach
school are very interesting-~slacks,
white shoes and socks, shirts or polo
shirts, no necktles, and sleeves roll-
ed up, and no coats.

"At the present time We are in
the rainy season which means a
shower about three times a day for
about five minutes duration. We
can see the shower coming and duck
for the nearest shelter. Soon the
rainy season will be over and the
weather will be like Florlda‘s all the
rest of the year.

I have had very little opportunity
to tour the island and the refinery,
which I will do at my earliest con—
venience. I have visited Orangestad,
the capitol of Aruba, once, but have
had no occasion to take pictures.
When I have had some opportunity
to better view the natives and their
homes I will write you further con-
cerning them."

 

ber that fall season ends November
12, and the fall awards banquet is
November 16. Those lucky, lucky
people who get awards then are the
ones who have completed credit,

 

you know.

 

by Inquiring Reporter

Whlle out looking for a bit of good
clean t?) fun the other day ye ln-
qulrlng reporter again took it into
hls head to startle various State
students with one of" his superbly
un-lntclllgcnt questions. The un-
swors recclvcd were so unusually
brilliant that ye same inquiring re-
porter took it lnto his some head to
make a story out. of them for ye
some paper he usually prints his
nonsense in,---nnmoly, yo S'I'A’l‘l'l Col.-
|.l:(nc News.

Now for tho qucstlon and answer
conic-~-

Qucstlon: Who or what is Wobble?
(Sounds foolish doesn’t it?)

Woll, to bogin with l was just as
lllllocollt us you, my dear reader, as
to the nnluro of this, or, ah, 'Wol)i)lo
thing." But 1 soon found out. Oh.
youl!

"I Wouldn't like to be quoted," said
iiolty Appoldoorn, “but I wurreus
you, lhore's more here than meets
tho 1." (Oh, boy, um I getting hol
now; fed note)

Sounds like a new vol'son of u
hulu~hulu (luncc or the “big apple."
said Edith Cort, ’30.

"I think it is a kind of a duck,”
said Mister Edgar ll. O'lioru, “a sort
of a duck that falls halfway off each
log as it struts."

“The more I think of it the more

 

it reminds me of something dense,"
said Miss Peg Winn, '38, "Dense,

Mystery Shrouds State college;
Who or What is This ‘Wobble’

more dense, more dense, no,--I guess
I don't know."

(At this stage of the game ye in-
quiring reporter wishes to take time
out for the pause that refreshes.
This story is getting a little too hot
to handle even for a man of his
adventureousncss.)

There, now that I am refreshed, I
shall continue . . . our friend John
O'Brien, '38, stated, “How should I
know? Go ask studan association
president, he is supposed to know
all the answers around here." Tch,
tch, O’B, Couldn't you help us just
a little in solving this crlme?

Next We encountered Bob Gorman,
'30, who reddcned and said, "I know
the secret but I uln't talking," Well,
that got us and we stalked off
toward the vicinity of Phyllis Ryan,
'41, who replied with that true pride
of an aspiring NllWH reporter. "I'm
not sure just what u ‘Wobblc is, but
now that you ask me, I'll try to find
out."

Being a star reporter myself (‘9)
I had no inclination lo discourage
any such display of enthusiasm, so
I hastily retreated over to Betty
lluyl‘ord, '30, who wildly exclaimed,
"Wobblo? Sure 1 know, ’l‘hat‘s-~--.
(This answer had to Do censorcd by
yo editor, or I could have made a
swell clhuux to my story at this
point and called ll a day and gone
home. That's why I hate all editors.
Oh Well, therc’ll come a day . . . .
Meanwhile, I leave you with the old
saying, a rolling stone gathers no

 

111058.)

, c...)-

 

 

