 

   

 

 

 

 

 

when

.-‘_.""  .~.

My.

 

    
   
       
   
   
   
  
    

 

Page 2

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, APRIL 16, 1937.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, APRIL 16, 1937.

  

P1892'3

 

 

 

State College News

lltablflhed by the Clan of 1018
The underlrednnte Newspaper of New York state
College for 'l‘eacrerr

 

Puhllshed en‘s, Frfday of the college year by the News
no: representing the Student Association

Telephones: Olllce 5-0378: Dexter, 2-4314; Gumaer,
2-0424; Seld, 2-9701; Gaylord, 2-4314

lewd a second clou utter in the Albany, N. 7., purl“

THE NEWS BOARD

Fun E. Dum.... .................Editor-in-0hicf
man '1‘. Gonna... ...............Managing Editor
Wm I. Densuoan......Assaoiate Managing Editor
DAVID B. SMITH. . . . .......Aasociate Managing Editor
802ml Wonzox. . . . . . . . . . . .Auooiata Managing Editor
Lsmum Saw......................Businm Manager
Cannes W. Guzman...”.......Adoertiaing Manager
Mnnm E. NIGHTINGALE. . . . . . . . circulation Manager

 

 

Cannes N. Monrs....................ﬂports Editor
Hanan CLYDI.................Women'r Sports Editor

Parana or Born anna 00., Inc., Anson, N. Y.

ISSUE EDITORS

Charles Ettinger Robert Hertwig
Edgar O’Hora Jean Strong
Charles Walsh

SPORTS STAFF r”

Charles Franklin William Ryan
Clement Wolff Betty Hayford

 

 

 

Will Electioneering
Clean Up Politics?

Today’s assembly will witness the beginning
of what is hoped will be a “new deal” in State
college politics, when the candidates for the
three major Student association ofﬁces ott’cr
campaign speeches to the student body.

For years students have complained of the
election set-up of the college; accusations have
been hurled thick and task—“dirty politics”,—-
“ﬁxed elections’ ’,——‘ ‘ handshaking’ ’,—. But
ﬁnally, this year, a plan to remedy the situation
has been put into effect.

An “open” system of elections has been insti-
tuted, calling for active campaigns by candidates
for major offices, including speeches, posters, a
campaign manager for each nominee, etc. All
this is under the supervision of the recently
established Election commission, whose job it
will be to regulate all pro-election activities.

It is hoped that the new system will bi ing all
electioneering out into the open, before the entire
student body,—out of the locker-rooms, sorority
and fraternity houses. Each candidate is to
have a fair and equal opportunity to make
known his (plalificationn and, of still greater im-
portance, the voters of the college will be given
some basis other than ephemeral rumors, popu-
larity, and personalities on which to base their
selections.

'l‘heorctically, this should be an ideal set-up.
The Election commission, if it; functions effi-
ciently, should be able to keep the campaigning
down to a reasonable pitch and prcvcnt it from
acquiring any scinblnncc ol' the “prol'cssionnl".
llut‘. in the long run. tho succcss of thc now you-
turo dopcnds upon thc intcgrity of tho studcnts
themselves. (‘nn wc cutcr tho nsscmbly this
morning with an opcn mind, an unblnscd ntti«
tudc, prcpnrcd to ,indgc tho candidntcs upon
lllt‘lt' tic/Hill ji/ncss for o/Jicr.‘ 'l‘itnc only will
tell.

Teaching and Soiree

Sophomorcs arc. according to actual dclini-
tion, lhc "\visc l'ools.” \\'c think that thc
proscnt. class of littlll aptly livcs up to that
definition. Win-n \vc stnrtcd out with our plans
for tltt clttltot'ttlc Solt'cc. lhc Silltll'lll body lol'l oll'
lhc ud,icctivc in calling us untocs. .\'ow thnt
Soircc scctus to bc nu nssurcd succcss wc hcnr
no more of such conuncnts.

Wc bcliovc that thc addition of lhc l'ornuil at
the dormitory on Saturday mnkcs this gnho
wcck cud onc that has bccn badly nccdcd at
State collcgc. Social casc is ouc roquisitc of if
successful tcachcr, and the host way to tthttlt'c.
such casc is a fully ronndcd social lit'c whilc nl
collcgo. 'l’his chk cnd is unotlicr good chnncc
l’or all to havc a good time and also gain sonn-
uccdcd touching cxpcricucow—so \vo’ll ho sccittg

 

Statesman

 

 

Again the Man of State takes a
vacation, leaving us to pick up the
cudgcls of gossip-mongering and
carry on.

If you’ve still got your list of
couples from the Prom, you can have
a swell time comparing them with the
latest pairings. . . . Even though some
of them are older than the prom. . . .
And then again some of the boys and
girls waited till the last minute. . . .
And incidentally, speaking of Soiree,
Bcrignn’s got one r. . . . And who is
the Troy damsel tied up with Done
in the Sophs couples book‘t‘t't‘t

We at last realize our ambition,
and report a blessed event. . . . Up at
Ginny Hall’s . . . sextuplcts. . . . Both
the cat and kittens are doing fine,
thanks. . . .

Last weekend saw plenty of social
goings-on . . . Vic parties at (lamina
lx'np, Potter, College house, and Sig
Alph. . . . And the Police ball and
Shep Fields drew quite a few. . . .
After looking in on the latter, we
followed J. Gordon to Albany . .
and found him accepting Jinny’s invi-
tation to the cops party at 1:2 [’.M.
. . . Lcs(t) you misinterpret, she was
simply fnreyous. . . . Dick and Chris
were a shock, too. . . .

And the College house fray brought
out a few surprises. . . . Nude and
Eddie . . . and .lnnct still can’t seem
to make up her mind. . . .

Rita seems to lose both ways in
that rivalry sing but with O’llorn,
My, o my!!! And “Love Is News”

. MAA and “AA sccm to be co‘
operating what with last week’s dntc

. and notice those by-linos on the
sports columns. . . .

And we present scallions to that
soph editor for his nllitcrntivc article
on blondcs . . . but maybe he’ll get
more info at Soiree. . . .

And now, boys and girls, we leave
you temporarily . . . but we’ll be see-
ing you at. the Aurnniu tonight.
SOl’ll-O-tdilvlS.

‘News’ Lists Couples
For Tonight’s Soiree

((‘onlinucd from page 1, (.‘olntnn 5)

Margaret l’nppn, chairman, llclcn
lilf'urclln and Virginia llnll.

llccorutions, l)clln l)o|nn, chairman,
John Strong, .lcnnctto l'lnrlow, .lumcs
Spcncc, nnd Myndcrt ('ronnso; invilir
lions, Mnrgnrct. Dorrlnnnn, chairman,
llilnli l“ooic, and llclcn I’rusik; ninl
publicity, llctty llnyl’ord and llctty
Itnkcr, l‘ti~('lltlil‘t|l(‘ll, llcnricttc llnl-
llt‘t'lt‘ll, liritn llccormicr, Mnrgnrct
Mntfison, and Julio l'nlmcr.

Sophomores and Their Guests
Sophomoros who will nttond, nnd
thcir gucsts includc:

.l. (lot-don 'l‘nbncr nnd l"lossic Ncl‘
buch, ’itH; l'Idgnr U'llorn and Ruth
Snxby; llcs l"instcr ninl .loycc Mny-
cock; I"n,\‘c l"orcmnn nnd (‘lno'lcs
Mntlhcws, ’Jl'r'; ('hnl'lcs l"t'nnk|in ttllll
ltctty llnyt'ord: Richnrd |.onsdnlc
nnd (‘nllicriuc .lnnibn, ’5l7', .loscph
\\'clls nnd llclon l’rnsilt.

lloluud \\'ntcrinnn nud lhirotli)‘
\\'nrrcn; .\dctlnc an/ni'n nod licol'gc
.\luv\\cl|, ,\|bnny; llclcn llil'nrclln and
duck Ynn, lt.|’.l,; liobort tiormnn
nnd l‘.ll'.'|llttl‘ llt‘oll, 'ttt; .lnnc l’nllncr
uud Alon/.o Innnonl, ’Jl’l; ltctty
llulo'r nnd liirhnrd Murgisou, 'illi;
llilnh It‘ootc nnd .\rthur Schuylcr,
('orucll; .'\lln‘rt Architzcl uud |"nnnic
Kin-lnnsili.

llnrold l“luntcr nnd ldn I'Itklnd,
’Ilrl; f'nthcrino Lynch and N. lh-lIn-l,
St. l.n\\'rcncc; .luliun llcrshkowitn und
Mnrion Kingslcy, ’lll; .lnuct (lurnoy
nnd Lungdon anoncr, l’nion;
l‘ilcnnor “’ll‘ltlttllll nnd Imlnud (‘olc,
ll.l'.l.; Willinm 'l‘orrcus nnd .lnnc
Schwcrminun; Muricl llnrry ltlltl

 

you swinging at Soiree.

Bureau Announces Appointments,
Instructs Concerning Folders

Twelve students have recently re-
ceived teaching positions through the
appointment bureau, including four
seniors, three graduate students and
five former State college students.

Seniors who have been placed in-
clude: Katherine Spoore, English at
It‘ultonvillc; Doris It‘redcnhall, Eng-
lish at Homer Academy; Marian
Shutter-i, mathematics and English at
LcRoy; and Minnie Georgcf‘f, Latin at
Minctto.

The graduate students are: Ruth
Dendy, conuncrcc at Rocsslevillc;
Barbara Kelly, art at Greenvillc;
and George Ketchnm, who is to teach
at St. Johns School, Ossining.

Other students placed by the
bureau arc: Dorothy Hiller, ’36,
history and Latin at Argyle; Al
Jadick, ’35, commerce coaching at
ldlizabcthtown; Doris Kilts, ’33,
commerce at Cnnnjohnric; Ruth
bottom, ’34, library and English at
llnrpursville; and George Story, ’35,
commerce and government at Rich-
field Springs.

in view of n misnnderstnnding
which has arisen as to the procedure
in sending out folders upon the re-
quest; of individual students, the
llurcau has requested the Ntcws to
outline again the procedure which is
followed through.

A student applying for a position
on his own initiative will fill out a
form on file in thc ofticc, indicating
his name, the name of the prospec-
tivc employer, and the name and
address of the school. The. folder is
then sent out by the burcnn with :1
letter stating that the applicant has
requested its beingr sent.

The foldcr includcs the blanks
filled out; by tho student at the bc—
ginning of the year, the scholarship
record, confidential statements of
major and minor officers or other
authorities, and the teaching csfimntc
whcn available.

 

Hellenics

 

 

The sisters are all set for the big
night tonight. There are indications
of a large foreign element, but ’tis
said that some of the houses will re-
main true to State men.

Kappa Delta was “at home” to
the other sororities on Saturday, and
to the faculty and “nlums” Sunday.

.v\.|'3.l’hi conducted formal initinv
tion for l'lsther Siege], ’37, Barbara
Levy, ’38, llclen Rubin, ’39, Yvette
Ilyninn, Lillian h’ivkind, and Miriam
Shnpiro, t’rcshmcn. llousc guests for
tho \vcck-cnd wcro Sclinn Schhichtcr,
’32, Sara llrnndcis lliuulchnnn, ’33,
and Rosc l)nbruskiu, ’35. To mnkc
tho \vcckcnd complctc, thc cngngcmcnt
of lfosc l\'orcn, '31, to David Nudcl
man was nnnounccd.

'l‘wo f’roshun'u, llclcn l.unncn and
Ilcrnicc Mnrtowicz, ,ioincd thc ranks
of" l‘i.l‘l.l’lll this wi-ch.

l’si (lnnnnn roports plcdgc sorviccs
coltdlll'lcd roccutly for Mnrcin l’irowu,
‘ttt, and Dorothy llumphrcy, ’:ttl, onc
linlt' of thc Iluniphl'cy t'nuiily dncl,
wns hcro for tho noclwnd.

(it-I'Hldlttl' l’l'lct‘s, ’I’rl, I'l‘ll(‘\\'l'll tho
ohl tics nt Siginn .\lphn lnsl nook.
\\'o also In-nrd rcporls of :1 most snc
cossl'ul pnrty in thnt dircction tch,
tchl

littvt- yoursolvos :1 good limo, gills,
and on with tho dnncc!

To Take Ring Orders
()I'dcrs for Junior rings will in
tnhou n|| nc\t nook t'i'oui limit! until

ltzlfi o’clock in tho rotunda of
llrnpcr hull, nccordiug to liulh lloll'
Innn, ’JtH, clinirinun of tho ring

coiutniltcc.

.\ dcposil ot' thrci dollnis Innsl ho
pnid nt lhc snnn- linn- tln- tlll;.', is
ordori-d, tln- rcinnlndci to bc pnid
upon dcliyci'y of thc rings.

’l'hc tings Inny ln' obtnincd in l\\-l
dil‘f'crcnt lypcs of’ nn-tuls, cilhcr in
lhc polishcd gold typo or in tho dull
finish. l'rct'crcncc of thc sloth-tits
run about own for thcsc l\\'o typos.
’l'ho rings nrc nlso at two dil’f'crcul
pricc lcvcls, dcpcniliug upon \\'ll|'lllt‘l'
tho stltllcul wisln-s to linvc onc with n

 

(‘hn'cncc \"nu l'lttcn.

rcccsscd or n homy buck.

 

Through Two Decades
With Myskania

 

 

 

Commentstater

This week is outstanding because of two events, one
social, and one historic: the former, Soiree, and the
latter, the twentieth anniversary of the founding of"
Myskunin, secret honorary soriety for seniors. In
April of 1917, according to the back ﬁles of the News,
the faculty appointed an honorary society of eleven
seniors to fill the need for an executive student council.
A week later, under the leadership of former Donn
Pierce, the organization had met and chosen the mono,
Myskanin, the meaning of which was to remain a secret
except to members of the group. Membership of the
organization was limited to from ten to twelve seniors,
five of whom wore to be chosen by the faculty.

 

Among the first rules set up during the var period by
the new Mysknnin were: (i) that no money was to be
spent for decorations at State dances; (2) that no rc-
frcshmcnts except punch be served; and (3) that no
printed programs be used except. for Senior Ball. All
this was carrying out the purpose of the group, nnmcly
to regulate student affairs.

In 1922, the august body appeared for the first limo
in the student assembly in the dignity of cap and gown.
'l‘hat year saw Myskunia supervision of freshmen rules
and traditions. According to the announcement, fresh-
men were to wear the purple toque duringr the winter
season—n practical as well as picturesque custom. llow-
over, in order to insure under-class reprcscntntion in
student affairs and rivalry, in 1925 Mysknnin created
a campus council.

Mystery run rampant that year when it was dis
covered that someone had stolen the trunk containing
the costumes for Campus day. After Mysknnia lind
replaced them, one Charles (whose other mime evidently
was also mislnid) found them in an obscure closet.

Nineteen hundred twenty-seven was an eventful your I
Mysknnin celebrated its tenth anniversary with n bun-
quct; a sophomore court was instituted to try frcshmcn
offenders; and u coimnittce was appointed to investi-
gate the affairs and powers of Mysknnin.

The powers and dutics of the society were uioro clcnrly
dclincd in ltlBB, when if wns cmpowcrrnl to invcstignto
disagreements bctwccu Student council and Student
association, and to supervise rivalry, (‘nmpus day, and
Moving-up day. Some of those powers were lntcr dclc-
gutcd to Student council. Thus in upholding tradition,
Mysknnin has become n tradition in itself.

In 1929 the Ntcws connncinlcd Mysknnin upon the
ndmirnblo way it hnd curricd out lhc idcn that had been
the basis for its founding, and tho impnrtinl way that
elections and nppointmcnts hnd bccn dccidcd. l‘Iight
yours later, we can udd our congratulations to the
twenty-first Mysknnin upon; the completion of :1 scorc of
ycnrs’ work of consistently high calibre in upholding
State traditions, and guiding studcnt opinion.

Book of the Week:
A Professor Speaks

By Charles Ettinger

 

Professor at Bay, by llurgcs Johnson. New York. fl. l’.

Putnam's Sons, lttilT.

(0n I‘rnfol in tho (’o-op)

Whotl you scttlc yoursclf down to road this vcry
roudnblc collcctlon ot’ cssttys, do not clioosc n sccludod
spot for uwny from nll hunnin compnuionship, for much
of' thc cnjoynicnt that you will dcl‘ivc from it will con~
sist ol' springing nt intorrnls upon sonic innoccnt by
stundcl' nnd gurgling: “Sny, ,jusl lislcn to this, will
you. . . ." it 's lltnl kind of .‘I book.

I‘rol'ossor Johnson writcs us :I philosopIn-r, n humorist,
and u sntirist nll rollcd into ouc, but tho snlicut l'cnturo
of his writing is its human ncss. .\s for his snbioot
ncll, ns indicnlod by l‘ltillllt‘l' hcndings his topics i'nngc
nll tln- way from “t'hiclo-n l"o:ithcrs" to “So This
Is llcll".

Although Iltt'l‘l' :It'i' tc\\ pngcs in tho lnnih nitholtl
llu'il' lllltt'll ot' Lwoil lilttuot‘l'd sttlll'i', it is ill his front

Iocnt ol |lS_\'t'ltHlH;.(|.\ls nud lhoit' plconnstic pcdnnti'v Ihnl

thc nuthor ronlly boconios Suit'linn. l"ol‘ instnnco, in
spcnhing of tho ntlilndo of thc Itchniiorist lounrds
nnlninls (ulioio lln' nuthor scouts to prct'ci to ;. good

mun} pooploi, ho Stl)‘: “. . . i find it :Iilticult to l'ollwn
llll'lll, o-.pcci:il|,\ sinco l spoilt only thcii lust \cnt"s
\i-rnnculnr; nnd so conipb-It-h do tloty scini to lt:l\t'
ln'coun- t/l til/I/Hl'f with tho t’llttllll'l' .‘lltllllltl'w thnt il '~t
ditto-nit nt tiinos t'ol “IV to tcll olll‘ from tho t‘llli‘t.”
'l‘lnv nutltor iii-\oti-s smoinl of his inoro or b-ss scitoun
clinptcl's to tho l'\|tH\tllltl| ot‘ his philosophy of odurnttou
and H discussion of tho prosout c-ltli‘dllolttll sctnp,
upmtnll) ill ngntd lo tln' voila-“cs. Ills chllpli't' v'tl
litlod "Untlis t'or ()thcrs" lulu-s up tho qIn-slion ol’
lo:n-hcrs' onlltn. llc says: “ l.ct us hnvc tonchcrs’ onths
by all Iucnus, pro\ldcd wc snonr oil of How n'lio ltflt'll”,
and thou pl'oposcs, solcuiuly cnough, [but :ill pni'outs,
prciu'hcrs, |nw_\crs, ncwspnpcr ltllllllSlIt'l‘S, oiovio pro
dnccrs, nod cspccinlly lho lcgislutot's thcnisolvos ln- ru
quircd to iill\l' uu onth.

It is in'cnsling to notc thnt l‘rol'cssor Johnson is n
inclulicl' of tho l'ncttlty ol’ l'nion (‘olh'gc in Schcnoctndv.
llc is lhc nu'hor ot' "Sonncts from tho l’cltingcsc, nth

 

_,  ll , '
otlni ltoggrol , .lh ncll as n nuinbcr ot’ cssuvs winch

hnvc nppcurod in ningnxincs.

Coach Hatfield Names
1937 Varsity Nine Lineup

 

: Canute’s Corner

i Pitches
Passes
Puzzlement?

 

‘ c. F. F.

Old King Baseball seems to be rid-
ing in with the summery days as men
of State devote themselves to the
prime varsity interest of the moment.

The process of warming up arms
and getting the old eye on the ball
moves forward as Beverwyck park
does the best it can to accommodate
the followers of Swat—the best it
can, when State is forced into a
corner in order to dodge the ﬂying
spheres of other nines who share the
same training camp.

llut then, the inadequacies of State
for outdoor sports is getting some
attention. Rumor has it that a con-
tract will bc lot out in tho ncnr
future to widen, and make otherwise
more suitable, the play ground in
buck of the dorm. so that hnscbnll
shall be practiced ns slic should lie——
in pcncc and snf'cty.

Optimism is running the rounds of
squad and fans alike as Coach
promises an up and up season. Look-
ing down the line-up we notice that
the Fresh are very much on the in-
side—which pleases us. Being ardent
baseball fans ourselves, we’d like
to see our Alma Mater have a name
to be reckoned with in the domain of
bats.

Coach’s pride seems to be the in-
ﬁeld. Slipping a little with our heck-
ling, he admitted that he’d “rather
have this gang working together than
anything I’ve seen at Union." This
was modiﬁed with “Can they but?"
The “they” consists as you will ﬁnd
in another story, of freshmen:
Shearer, Danielwictz, Balog, and
Fairbanks.

 

 

X l- it ll'

l’crhnps wc'rc it little bit far-
fetched in changing thc subjcct to n
thing of thc t'nr distant t'uturc. We
rcfct' to bnskctbull. \Vhilc most of
us are still cngrosscd ill a lust Sluiritlll
holdovcr. in thc form of n “21"con-
tcst. ccl'tnin fur~sigltlod gcntlcmcn
hnvc prcscntcd us with a scoop. as
witness thc hoop schcdulc for nc\t
ycnr's varsity.

An nttcmpt has been nnnlc to bid-
nncc it in ordcr to givc lhc tcnm
nll thc chuncos thcy cnn got.

Have you ever wondered why men
haven’t been able to do anything in
the line of swimming this season?
The explanation seems pretty logical.
Coach quibbled with several pool—
heads in an endeavor to help out you
aquaticians. The result we didn’t
get anywhere. Either the pool was
too far away, or too small, or the
schedule of periods in which we could
use it was too limited to make it of
any practical 1130.

Do you, perhaps, remember the
lime, way back when the Coalitions
possessed a couple of ping-pong
tables? Rather a trivial matter, per-
haps, but we know quite a few per-
sons remembered them well enough
to wonder why they've disappeared.
and how they could be brought back.
As a hint, for we won't pledge to the
nlcn. the ofﬁcials of M.A.A. might be
able to do somcthing about this.

’l’ltltllL'lll“ l|.l\l' ltt'r'lt going tllc
iound~ .l‘ to "\\li_\ nol n bowling

loul unun-nt .' " \\‘c|l, \\ h,\ not '.’
l'lcnty of nn-u ttlr' intci'twlod ltt ll
.i~ nilIn-ss tln- SH|Hltllte ol' \|;Itl|ic\\~,
llculc, lchn-dicl, cl nl. it .\l \..\.
would docidc lo Iu-lp with sin-Ii .fll
I'H'ltl, no how lhcir ilctinitc n~~ur
unc-~ thnt il would bc nbl,\ suppot'lwl.

Hut" nttcinpt to ni'ilc this column
lItlS ltl'lttigltl [In In do i! lot of \\lttll
only nu ugly uord cnn dcsrribc prop»
ci'ly. In its plncc llU\\‘l‘\t‘l'. \\i' wish
to usc nnothcr nnd slntc llltll nny
ninl nll qtllhlilitlg us prcscntcd, is
oll'ct‘cd ill ll cotlsll'llclivc scItM'. “'1'
hope that it will be rcccivcd in lhc
snnn! way.

First Opponent To Be R.P.I.;
Schedule Lists Nines
OF 7 Colleges

On Saturday, May 1, State’s buse-
ball team inaugurates its diamond
season in an encounter with R. P. I.
at Bleccker Stadium. Although noth-
ing definite in the way of line-ups can
yet be predicted, Conch Ilntﬁcld has
inn-rowed the squad down to a nucleus
of those that show potential ability.

Among those who look promising
for pitcher are Johnny Cullen, ’37,
veteran of last year, who may have
to bear the brunt of the hurling, ’nul
Schmitz, ’38; Les Wiley, Carrol
Lehman, sophomores; John Shearer
and Darwin Van Keurcn, freshmen.

At. the backstop position will be
either John O’Brien, ’38 or (lordon
l’cnttic, ’40. The infield aspirants
number among others, lt‘uirbnnks or
'1‘. Rynn at first; l’mlog or Qtuttl‘rochi
at second; l)nniclwictz or (‘ymbalnk
.‘ll‘ short; and Shearer or Thomas at
third. in the outfield, Bosley, Bar-
rctt, .l. Ryan and (infl'ney will fight
it out for berths with some of the
others.

Up to (into the practice at Ilcvcr-
wyck ticld has consisted of fielding
and batting. (‘onch l'lutfield is coli-
ccrncd chiefly with filling thc first
suck position. With that bcrth tilled
ho is confident of if successful icnson.
Of course, the big question that will
not be settled until the competition
bcgins, is whothcr the boys can sock
the iipplc on the nose in the crucial
Illltllll'lllS.

Stntc, ln-cnking n prcccdcnt of pre‘
vious yours, will not play any of its
gnmcs at Ridgcficld l'urk. The first
two homc games will be played :it
lllccclior stadium and tho remaining
houic gnmcs will be fought out on n
ticld to be constructed in back of the
dormitory. ln advance be it known
that the plnycrs disclaim all responsi-
bility for broken windows!

The schedule which follows lists
four home games, two away and one
open date which will be filled us soon
as possible.

May 1— lt.l’.l. nt Blccckcr Stadium
May S—l’rntt nt llleccker Stadium
May lSVVV—opcn

Mny ill llnrtwick, home

May L’tl-—St. Michncls, homc

May Itl~ llnrf‘wick at ()ncontn
.lunc ii R. l’. l. at Troy

Zannieri To Manage

Angclo Znnnicri, '37, bus tnkcu
ovcr lhc rcins ns Iunungcl' of Stutc’s
linsobnll ninc to succccd lt’t'cd llcxtcr,
Inst scnsou’s innungcr. Znunicri wns
:tppoiutcd to thc mnmigcrship by
,\l..\..-\. Inst Monday night.

In rcspousc to Znnnicri's cnll t’oI'
bnll chnscrs, but luggcrs, bull clctlltct's,

l | )

nud gcnornl sil downcrs' scvornl
aspirants t'cpol‘lctl to Itcvorn'ych l’ul'k
.\lotnl:t,\‘ night. 'l'hc Assistant nntnn~
gors nppoiutcd by Zunuicl'i \\ct'c
.\nlhony \\'ilc,vxyns|ti, 'ittt, .\|:i.\

Syltcs. ’1”, and ,\|\'in \\'ciss, ’to,

 

EAT AT JOHN’S LUNCH
Dinners 25¢ and up
Delicious Sandwiches and Sundaes

7:30 A.M.—-ll:00 P.M.
Opp. the High School

 

 

 

 

    
 
  
 

       
  

     

V ital-such "J’w' hype“ ‘p;  I “ all]:
“lb. ﬁlial”. .' I ' I i‘llj‘r"  ’ v I- "’
at i" “ll diff u”! if} i" 

.vt , v H, . ,. ,.
yr" 31.. .- "4B5! “fix up, why.»
. 't l '

 
  
     

    

 
 

    

    

” t.
OPTICIlﬁNOS’.
FREDETTE'S

“Muubieﬂﬂmdww

 

 

Spring Season
Car

Camp
Carnival

 

 

B. H.

No more G.A.A. hikes by bus . . .
believe it or not, the gals are plan-
ning to buy a car . . . a station wagon
at that . . . however, perplexing ques-
tions have presented themselves . . .
who will drive? . . . what about in-
sul'ancc'! . . . is there a cheap garage
hundy‘t . . . Phyllis Jobson will wel-
come any suggestions on this perplex-
ing problem.

Speaking of bikes and hikers, did
you know that Lotta Bunkers are re-
sponsible for G.A.A.’s owning Camp
.lohnson‘! This month’s “Sportlitc”
magazine tells the complete story of
the procedure. And we might men-
tion that cake sales brought the neces-
sary revenue for the purchase.

The gal fcnccrs are still with us,
nml you can see them go through
their pnccs on most any fine day,
under the nstutc leadership of Lil
Sluipiro.

Spring is in the air . . . and so are
vollcybnlls, arrows, baseballs, and
tonnis rncquct‘s. Grace Yorkcy, ’38,
and Kay Adams, ’39, will guide the
volleyball players; Jenn Edgccumbc
and Ruth Shoemaker, juniors, will
loud the spring archers while l’cg
Winn, ’38, and Delta Dolan, ’39, take
charge of baseball, and (‘hnrlottc
l’cck, ’38, and Florence l'lnbercr, ’39,
mnnngc lhc tennis cnthusiusts. 'l‘hc
cnptnins will choose the ten most
worthy participants to nttond the
sports carnival nt Skidmorc on May 8.
It won’t be long now.

G.A.A. Announces Plans
For Spring Week-end
(l.A.A. is planning to take advan-
tage of the advent. of spring with
another (‘nmp Johnson wcekcnd lt‘ri-
day, according to an announcement

by ltctty Morrow, ’37, president.
.luuc l’tllmcr, ’39, will be gcncrnl
chairman of the cvcnt assisted by
.lulin (lullik, ’38. (‘ommittccs assist-
ing hcr will include: publicity,
(‘hristinc Adcs and Helen Lowry,
sophomores; t’ood, Betty Allen, ’39,
and Marion Kingsley, ’40; transpor~
tution, Mnry llnrbow, ’37, and
Dorothy l’ritchnrd, ’40; clennrup,
Ritu Sullivan and Louise llcssncy,
frcshnicn; t‘nculty, Della "Dolnn, ’39.

 

 

 

 

MAA Sprin Program lenclude
Baseba l, Track, Softball Meets

Conch Hatfield has drawn up tempo-
rary plans for a spring intramural
program which is to consist of a base-
ball field day, an intramural track
program, and a softball round robin.
'l‘cinporary plans provide for an intra-
mural committee to be under M.A.A.
control. The spring’s sports would
be under direct control of this
committee.

Whether the track program will
be in the form of a round robin with
the four classes staging a traditional
intrnclnss meet is not known at
present. In the post, however, all the
track meets have been run on the
campus in sneaks. This spring a
suitable track where spikes and fly-
ing cinders will bring up the racing
blood in the “truckstcrs” of State,
is being sought.

Plans for an nil-college baseball
field day include “bull” throwing,
“bull” hitting, base running, etc.
This novelty baseball “cnrnivnl”
would be opened to all State men.
Distance would determine the winner
in the ball throwing and hitting con-
test, whereas speed and form will un-
doubtedly gain the lnnrnls for the
buscrunncr.

As plans are only temporary, the
truck program may ultimately follow
the smile plan as the baseball lt‘icld
day with individual vying f’or spccinl
awards rather than clnss competition.

The softball round robin would
ott'cr those who would take part in
noithcr of the two other sports pro-
grams to put forth their individual
talent. The duration of the round
robin would be left up to the intru-
mural committee.

The success of this proposed spring
sports’ pnrndc rcsts entirely in the
interest of the men of Stntc. Time
will ncccssitntc immediate action on

 

the part of all men interested.

Today marks the dead-line set by
Duke Hershkowitz, ’39, recently ap-
pointed chairman of the “21” Tour-
nnmont, for the completion of the
first round. Next week with compe-
tition kcener, and interest increasing,
the second round will swing under
way and again the less fortunate
“sharpshooters” will fall by the way
side.

Scoop! ‘Newo'- Prints
1937-38 Hoop Line-up
A fourteen game schedule with
six open dates has been an-
nounced by acting manager
Mallinson for State’s 1937—38
basketball campaign. The Pur-
ple and Gold will meet two new
opponents in clashing with Conn.
State Teachers and Plattsburg
Normal.

The schedule to date is as
follows:

Dec. 3 Open
4 *linrd College
to Open
]1 *R. l’. I.
16 St. Michael’s College
17 Norwich University
Jan. 7 Open
8 (lullll. State Teachers
H ll'urtwick College
1:3 'l’lnttsburg Normal
2] *Bufl‘nlo State Teachers
2‘.’ 0ch
Feb. 3 Open
4 Pratt Institute
5 Brooklyn Poly
11 *Alumni
12 *llartwick College
18 *St. Michaels College
19 Open
*R. l’. I.
* Home Games.

"I

s.—

s_'

 

 

W, ., .5

The Department Store of Albany That

Is Ever Anxious to Be of Service—

Meeting the Merchandise Demands of
the College Women.

 

 

 

   

All.

COLUMBIA
STATIONS 

"Kay, whaf'll
we give 'em ?"

   
 

       

a we. 1 \

'~,'.‘\

\ .\.\ W “Y;

 
 

\u ,,‘\\\\\\l~

eld

ester i

"Music and Rhythm
Hal, everybody
loves it!"

 

  

THE FIRST PRODUCT TO HOLD TWO NATIONAL RADIO AWARDS

 

