 

Page 4

Campus Days in Previous Years

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, OCTOBER 22, 1937

Have Presented Varied Events

 

by Charles Walsh

It was on October 20, 1920, that
State college students got together
on the campus, “for a day of sport,”
under the direction of the Physical
education club.

The program has always consisted
of athletic contests between the
classes on a Saturday afternoon,
with festivities following in the
evening. These have been climaxed
by the coronation of the Campus
Queen from 1922 on. Other features
of that Campus day in 1922 were
relays of Eskimo running and ele-
phant running. The first queen was
a member of Myskania, as have been
all of her successors save three. She
was attended by five girls in Greek
robes with headresses of their class
colors. This year, 1922, was also
marked by the presentation of the
first stunts.

In 1923 the theme of the day was
a circus. The events were conduct~
ed in the gymnasium, each class
presenting one act in the circus,
while clowns amused the crowd be-
tween the acts.

Former programs new even in-
cluded faculty participation. At one
point the high spot of the day was
a “faculty sack race," while every-
body gathered around for a basket
lunch in the evening.

Myskania held control over the
activities of the day from 1023 to
1935, when Student council took over

A .
Vthe arrangements as a result of a

revision of the college constitution
in the preceding year.

Historically, Campus day reached
its peak in 1924. On that memor-
able occasion, Colgate university met
the State gridders at Ridgefield
Park. According to the News of
the time the State team scored a
moral victory, Colgate winning by
the comparatively close score of 33
to 0.

Traditions began in 1900 when
State college had 100 per cent pay-
ment of Student tax and a football
team. Today We have reacquired
payment of the tax, and our men's
athletic program is on the up-grade,
so we can feel that tradition has
been upheld.

In 1928-1930, student participation
was so active that it was necessary
to issue tickets of admission.

This year marks the 17th anniver-
sary of Campus day as a State col-
lege institution. The program will
differ but slightly, if at all, from
that of recent years. Student coun-
cil is in charge of arrangements, and
Myskania is Jealoust guarding tne
secret of the Queen's identity, as
well as that of her attendants.

Not until the strains of “Pomp and
Circumstance" are begun will the
mystery be solved, and the sixteenth
queen will parade slowly down the
aisles and ascend her throne to reign

 

over the student body of State col-
lege for an evening.

N. S. EA. Outlines Arguments
For Federal Aid Job Retention

4
The NYA Campaign has received

numerous criticisms recently, but
the best editorial support for the
campaign has come from the Cam-
pus News of New Jersey Col-
lege for Women, but Hunter is
also strong in its backing. However,
at the same time, two editors, the
heads of the Bucknellian of Buck-
nell University and of the
Silver and Gold of the University
of Colorado have sent forth
much criticism. Their View is that
the government funds are not needed

on the campus, and that youth

should help the president to balance
the budget. Their criticism of the
national office for getting NSFA
into the campaign has been particu-
larly strong.

The reply to all of these ideas has
been threefold: funds are definitely
needed; although the budget needs
to be balanced, the money doesn't
have to be taken from the youths,
for a billion dollar military machine
is of loss value to the future of the
country than the government's

social program is expected to be; the

national office entered this cam-

was doing. After the exedutive allot-

ments have been made, it is discov-
ered that it is less than 45 million
dollars.

This executive deviation from an
obvious legislative intent means that
the money alloted to student work
will provide work for only 220,000
students instead of 310,000 as was
the case last year. A great many
students, who came back to college
anticipating N. Y. A. are finding that
there is nothing for them. These
people are the constituency of the
college, and it is necessary to look
out for their needs.

The N. Y. A. was founded as a re-
sult of the united efforts of all
groups interested in education, and,
in this effort, the NSF. A. and
student councils throughout the
country, regardless of political view-
point, took a leading part.

Realizing the fact that a new
effort is necessary. a nation-wide
campaign has been embarked upon

1Y. W. C. A. to Conduct

Meeting in Lounge

Dr. H. C. Phillips Will Address
College Men and Women

Young Women’s Christian Assoc-
iation will conduct a mass meeting
Wednesday at 4:30 o'clock in the
Lounge of Richardson hall.

Dr. Harold Cooke Phillips of Cleve-
land, Ohio, a college speaker of na-
tional repute, will be the main
speaker. All academy and high
school students as well as college
men and women are invited.

The first meeting of the National
Preaching Commission convening in
the capital district October 24 to 27
will be conducted Sunday, October 24
at 3:30 o’clock in Immanuel Baptist
church. The speaker will be Miss
Muriel Lester, “the Jane Addams of
England” well-known British social
worker.

Guardians Announce
Freshman Revotes

Frances Riani Wins First Post
In Freshman Elections

At a meeting of the freshman class
last Tuesday, Frances Riani was
elected manager of women’s ath-
letics. Revotes were taken last
Thursday for the remaining class
officers.

Revotes included: president, Fred
Day, Barbara Ferree, Stanley Smith
and Clarence Olsen; vice-president,
John Alden and Beatrice Dower.
Secretary, Virginia McDermott and
Robert Mesek; treasurer, Rosemary
Brucker and Elizabeth Cottenham;
cheerleader, William Haller, Stephen
Kusak, Dorothy Peak and Charlotte
Ritchie.

Songleader, Howard Merriam and
Mary Miller; reporter, John Murray
and Irene Poger: representative on
M. A. A., Stephen Bull, Louis Green~
span, and Roy McCreary.

 

 

Three Graduates Leave
to Teach High School

Three people have obtained teach-
ing positions since the last announ-
cement, according to the Appoint-
ment bureau.

These people are Harry T. Gumaer,
’37, History and English at
Glenfield; Luella Wersen, ’36, Arith-
metic and Geography at the Am—
sterdam Junior High school; and
Ward Donner, '37 Graduate student,
Economic Citizenship and Football
coaching at the Troy High school.

 

 

1’ /

Council Invites
Tryouts to Tea

Advanced Dramatic: Class
Will Present Plays
Tuesday Night

There will be a tea for the fresh-
men tryouts for Music council on
November 18 in the Lounge of Rich-
ardson hall, according to Muriel
Goldberg, '38, president of the coun-
oil.

The committees are: general chair-
man, Muriel Goldberg, 38; arrange-
ments, Dorothy Cain, '38, and Betty
Baker, ’39; publicity, Margaret Mat-
tlson, '39; invitations, Alice Brown
and Lillian Rivkind, sophomores.
The winter concert, January 14,
will be the council’s first presenta-
tion of the year. The Sorcerer, an
operetta, will be given in April.

The first plays of the season by
the Advanced Dramatlcs class will
be presented Tuesday night in the
auditorium of Page hall.

On November 8 the Dramatics and
Art association will present Walter
Hampden, one of America’s foremest
actors of the legitimate stage. He
will give readings from Cyrano de
Bergerac, Hamlet, and many others.
The Dramatics and Art association
has Joined the Living American Art
Association. The association will
present four shows. each containing
twelve pictures chosen as the best
contemporary art by today’s critics.
These pictures are constantly being
featured in the magazine Life.
Several exhibits of the Dramatics
and Art association will be given at
Lounge teas in conjunction with Miss
Perrine of the art department.

 

‘News’ Reporters
to Meet Wednesday

Wolzok Announces Meeting
For Editorial Staff

There will be a meeting of all re-
porters of the S'rn'rn Connnoa News
on Wednesday at 12:00 o’clock in
room 206 of Draper hall, according
to the announcement of Sophie
Wolzok, '38, editor-in-chief, and
member of Myskania, senior honor-
ary society.

This meeting will include not only
the sophomores who were promoted
from last year's cub classes but those
upperclassmen who held staff posi-
tions previously and are interested
in continuing news work.

Students who are unable to attend
the meeting are advised to com-
municate with Jean Strong, ’39,
associate managing editor. Those
who do not attend will be automatic-
ally dropped from the staff. This
applies only to the reporters on the
editorial staff, not the business staff.

The purpose of the meeting is to
revise the list of staff meetings, and
explain the new system of collect-
ing news stories.

Members of the business staff, and
the business cubs should watch for
announcements in the News of
forthcoming meetings.

Folders Due Monday

All senior folders must be in the
Appointment Bureau on Monday at
the latest, according to an announce—
ment from the bureau. Those stu-
dents who have not filled out their
schedule cards properly are request-
ed to do so at once. On these cards
must be shown the student’s where—
abouts for each hour of the day,
both in class and outside.

 

EAT AT JOHN’S LUNCH
Dinners 25c and up
Delicious Sandwiches and
Sundaes
7:30 A. M. — 11:00 P. M.
Opp. the High School

 

 

.‘/%r(, ((60.1 -——-'  '
I  mt/

. [#11er / {63’mmue I?!)
./

 

 

 

Good Food and

 

at the

COFFEE

(Queen’s

western at Quail

a Friendly Fire

SHOP

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

State College News

 

 

 

VOL. xxu, No. 6

STATE COLLEGE FOR TEACHERS, ALBANY, N. Y., FRIDAY,

 

 

()("l‘llillill 29, 1937 $2.00 PER YEAR, 32 WEEKLY Issoas.

 

 

Hop to Feature
,
Haymes Rhythm
. by Leonard Kowalsky
Safety education was the point
At   stressed at a meeting 01' teachers.

conducted October 24 to 26 in Syra-
Cain is Chairman of Event; cuse. This new topic in the field
Dancers to £1110): Swing of education is now made compul-
To 2:00 O’Clock sory by on net of the New Yorki
—————— State Board of Regents passed last:
BIDS ON SALE IN ROOM X September. v
“‘—f “ , According to this act all nulls

Honey Burns is Vocalist;- v , ‘ ’ l l
. in elementary and secondary schools,

Girls Have Late Leave b ., .. .
To 300 O’Clock oth public and private, arc rcqmrcd
_' __“_ to take instruction in safety educa—
Smuvs rum,» Wm swing to the lion. Under the present plans, the
music of Joe I-lnymcs iiiid his swing course will embrace safety on the
stylists zit thi- Scnior Hop on Friday, highway and m mec, m the home,

Novcmbcr o. Dancmg will tukc plnce in  l. .1 h . , I , . I ,
at tho Colonic Country Club from “u” 10"“ aa‘lvm' m “KIINI'W
9:00 “Hm-k {,0 2:00 O'clock accord- and occupational situations and safe-
ing to Dorothy Coin. chairman Ly in the school. What the course
’l‘hc music of Joe I-Iuymcs is well 1111115 Ultimately to do is to mnkei
known lo the dcvotees 01‘ modern the pupil soi‘cty-coiiscious, and timer
rhyilim in the New England section. develop safely habits in every Situa-

His vocalists, lloncy Burns, Ronnie Lion of daily life.

Ciinsc. and Clyde Rogers are known A course m Safety education was
for posscssiiig that certain something Offered in the summer session of
necessary for jam bond singers. 1937 at
The fact that the dance will be

 

 

 

State Board of Regents Makes
Safety Education Compulsory

 

Alice Marble of Utica. Miss Marble
is director of the Uticn Safety Coun-
cil and has already set up a very
effective program of safety educa-
tion in the Utica schools and play-
grounds.

Regarding the actual teaching of
safety education, Dr. Gc‘orge M.
Wiley. Associate Commissioner of
Education. says:

"It is recognized that the materials
that may bv developed in the units
of instruction in
safety education may be found in
various fields or areas of the school
progrmn. In some schools this is
done in the social studies in con-
nection with civics illld citizenship.
It is also noted that. purposeful iii-
sti'uciions is oft-limes given in con—
nection with the teaching of health
and hygiene. Sai‘ciy materials are
also articulated in connection with
the work that is done in practical
and industrial arts. Units of vital
interest have also been developed in

State college undci' Miss connection with the work in science."

 

connection with i

 

Campus Day F outures

Crowning Ami Stunts
Well. Campus Day saw the
crowning of Lucille Zak, ’38. as
Campus Queen of 1937 by Rita
, Kane, who was queen in 1935.
‘ Miss leR, chosen as the most
beautiful girl of the senior class,
and her charming court reigned
over the events of Campus night
in regal splendor.

Stunts presented for their eli-
tcrtainmeiit were won by the
seniors, fi'osh, sophs. and juniors,
in order named.

Due to di'izzly weather, the
buskcicci's started their season
early, with the boys and girls
each playingr a game in the Page
hull gym; however, the girls’
hockey game and their rivalry
iitlilctlc contests are still to be
conducted. Get out and root for
your class!

 

 

 

conducted at the Colonie Club will
be on innovation for the only pi'c-
vioiis dances that have been there
wore the Senior Bulls at the close
of the school your.

Bids for the hop will be on sale all
next week in Room X, according to

Meet the New Campus Queen

 

 

 

 

 

Christine Dcrsliimcr and Edith Cort, g
bid co~chnirincn. The prior- of the
bids will be $2.50.

The girls will have special latc-
icovc until 3:00 o'clock.

The faculty chapcroncs will be
Mr. William Hardy, instructor in
English, and Mrs. Hardy; Mr. Wil-
liam Wood, instructor in English, and
Mrs. Wood; Mr. Paul Bulgcr, secre-
tory 01' the Appointment bureau.

The faculty patrons and patron-
csscs are: Dr. A. R. Brubachcr,
president of the college, and Mrs.
Brubachcr; Dr. Milton G. Nelson,
dean of the college, and Mrs. Nelson;
Dr. William French, instructor in
education, and Mrs. French.

All seniors who are going to Hop
will please register their names and
those of their guests at the bid table
bci'oi'c Tuesday, whether or not they
have yet bought LIICII' bids,

The co-chuirmcn of the music
committee who secured the orchestra
are Kathryn Hobbie and Margaret
Burg.

Senior liop's week end will be
rounded out by tho vui'ious sorority
house dances on the foilowmg ovo-
iiliig.

 

 

 

Dr. Salisbury Will Address
Today’s Student Assemny

Constitutional Convention
and Related Principles
Will be Subject

TO DISCUSS MINORITIES

 

 

Student Assembly to Vote
For Final Candidates
For Secretary

 

Dr. W. S. Salisbury, instructor in
social studies, will speak in today’s
assembly, according to the announce-
ment made by Warren I. Dcnsmore,
:38, president of the Student assoc—
iation. Dr. Salisbury will talk about
American principles and American
constitutions as related to the com—
ing Constitutional Convention of
New York shite. The convention
will be held in Albany in the com-
ing year.

Dr. Salisbury's talk will include
a discussion of the desirability or
undesirability of inlnorlty groups in
New York State and their affects on
government; minority groups of the
past and present; the real strength
of the Federal Constitution and the
New York State Constitution. He
will also discuss the constitution in
the light of past experiences.

After the address by Dr. Salisbury,
Myskania, senior honorary society,
will pass the ballots for i'evotes for
the office of secretary of the student
association. The remaining candi-
dates, al‘ter several eliminating votes,
are Joseph Cnpplcllo and Rita Sulli-
van, sophomores, In filling out your
ballots write your class numerals on
the first line, your vote on the
second, and sign your name on the
third line.

ionstitiliional Assembly

Following Dr. Rlcnow's speech in
assembly two weeks ago, a resolu-
tion was introduced in last Friday’s
assembly which read “Be it resolved,
that the Student association sponsor
a Constitutional Assembly and auth-
orize the chair to appoint a commit—
tee of seven members." The resolu-
tion was unanimously adopted.

Warren I. Densmore, president of
the Student association, appointed
the following committee: Leonard
Friedlander, ’30, chairman; Dorothy
Clapp and Henry Gi'oen, seniors;
Edmorc Melniison, '39; Marjorie

 

Baird und Haskell Rescnbcrg, sopho-
inorcs; and Rosemary Bi'ur'rer, ‘41.

 

 

DRIED 8“? a Wily 01’ aiding the daemon to secure an executive restoration
made by at least 85% 0f the (“319' of the full amount of N. Y.A. appro-
gates at the last Congress ‘0 35" prlation, or an additional appropria-
for more money for youth. mm a“ tion. This campaign will bring to
Federation actions are based on the the attention of the country, and the
decisions of its student council mem- president. the desirability of pastor-

 

   

. w 1
OPTIC IAN?
FRE DETTE"

“Columbioﬂrahmmliud

Al :1 meeting Tuesday, with the
advice and aid of Dr. Ricnow, in-
structor in government, tiic commit-
tee dccided upon the following tern-
porary plan of organization:

Students Direct

chiiiniulc 'l‘licuirc, Schenectady
0 Plays Changed lt‘ucli Monday 0
Nights: 8:30. Miitiiices: ch., Sltt., 2:30

   
  
      
 
  
   
     

 

. U I .
bers_ ing these cuts. Several meetings _
(-OMPLETE OPTICAL seawcc . I lie C IV le
Several student presidents have have been held, delegations sent to H . ' 0' I u ‘ r ‘ 1 A“ “SWIWIV 00'“ 30%(1 0'
. , ' U . - ‘ I l
wrmen ml commending the cam- visit officialg, and every effort has Now P-l‘lylnol  hl u Sal” 001'   "It‘lllbm's 0f the Studcnlt associatith

2. To be presided over by ll speaker
who will be assisted by it clerk.

3. A publicity hciid whose duty will
be to collect and disseminate pub-
licity of the activities, resolutions
mid proceedings of the assembly and

Many junior, senior. uiid grudiuilc
stuudviits of State C(lIIi‘g‘v me help-
ing with or sponsoring i-xirii cluss
activities Ill Millie High school.

Urrlrudo 'l‘i'yoii illl(l Kurl Bohrcr,
sciiiors. urc helpingI with home rooms

palgn. One president wrote in tell- been made to secure the participa-
ing exactly what they were doing at tion of as large a group as possible,
his college. They have. a“ In many Just recently the expression of the
other universities, a N. Y-A- 00"" united opinion of the people to
mittee, which is composed 0f the whom this is an important problem
Dean of Men, Dean of Women, was given.

FREDERICK CALVIN and BEAUVAIS FOX

Present

EMPIRE PLAYERS

Francis E. Cox

The Uptown Optometrist

 

As yet the result is un-
Director of the Employment Bureau, certain. , 22¢; illifI 323 rosin-olivcly'. idlizubolh ,
Assistant Comptroller of Men, the 171 C I A A Broadway (.ompiuiy in the Broadway lliis Alluvldumu .3“, mm “Mum, w“_ to 500 mm um, [mm-“1,1110” is sum
en‘ru ve' kcs, gi'iitiliiill', ill'i' ussislllii.’ Willi  Ilium" “cwslmpers wrought)“

(l -‘ ll '0.

 

N.Y.A. Director, and the president
of A. S. U. S. C This committee
must pass upon all those desiring
appointments, and investigate into
each case; consequently, those who
are trying to slide under the bar are
eliminated. This is a great help, for
those in dire need are given the
positions with higher pay.
'1 There has been a cut in the N.Y.A.
 budget to quite an extent. The facts
4 are that two years ago, at the request
of educators, relief administrators,
and outstanding citizens of every
type, the President established the
N.Y.A., a gOVernmcnt agency to
help young people, who were the

I, I  .wiiior di'iuiuilics.

  Students who lll'i‘ sponsoring clubs
iil'i' us follows: Ali'pliiiic, .Jumcs
A (‘omcdy Sensation by Mark Reed Hpi-iioc, 'ilil; lloys Athletics 17:, Mel'-
mery Digest l'lII lllli'il und Wil‘lli‘l' .1. Russ, ,lllll-
‘ ' ioi‘s; lioys Atiilcllcs ill». liliyiiiolid
“(mud Tl'lblmu .l. Muriilig; iioys Alllli'ili'h <0), Mi".
Swertcull uud John W. l’olli-y; (look-
ing (boys), lli‘ll‘ll 'llciiuiii, ’iiil; Dunc.
ing 7 Ischion 1i,Miii'yJunriliSmith
und .Jiisopiiilw Mlilli'li'i', seniors;
lluiiciiig ism'lion 21, Anne liurr, ‘30,
und li‘i'cidii Kurkhlil, 'Iiil; Dom-ing

onwlion 3i, Allllt' i\ilIIi’llilllili, '(iil.
Driilniilics, .loscphiiic Cypher. ‘Iill.
und Nun I'l'llil‘l'y, '30; (iiiiiic, (iiilcn
l’llillll), '37. and Herbert F‘riiiilwi, ‘30;

4.’1‘hc iissciiibly will be divided
liito groups of iiicmbci's from the
fifty-one Scniitorinl Districts. Each
group will be represented by ll. floor
leader.

The committee liiis termed the
purpose of the Constitutional Con-
volition to be: “The purposes of the
State College Constitutional Assem-
bly lll‘i‘ to encourage thoughtful con-
sideration of the pl‘ollublc issues of
the Constitutional Convention; and
to exert pressure wherever necessary
in the interests of this usscinbly.”

Plans call for the first meeting
of the assembly on 'l‘ucsday after-

GOING HOME?
Get Your Greyhound Bus Tickets
— at the —-

COLLEGE PHARMACY

7 No. Lake Ave. One Block West

Between Robin St. and Leif. Ave.

N. Y.

 

Alliuny - : -
DIAL 3'70“ (.‘aprir-ious as o lurk. (UNI l'illlﬂl‘ us flly’ili/

Jolly holiday for uni/mic ml plmsurr hon!

 

 

 

 

 

 

NEXT WEEK: OCT. 25 'I‘II'RU OCT. 30

"NIGHT OF JANUARY 16th”

A Thrilling (‘ourtroom Mrlilill‘iliilll, by Ayn lhriid

Geo. 1). Jimmy, l'rop Iliui 5-1013

 

Nights this included): 550. 85c. $1.10

Boulevard Cafeteria

 

worst victims of the depressions. ' ‘ H
Bulking large m we work or the Wednesdays and Saturdays Matinee, 550, 85c (.dvc, Christine Adcs, .ill; Murioii~ noon M 3:30 0.0100,, m R00,” 20 m.
N'Y'Alwus theswdem am program, . (um-I “mu LMWHHW. ’39: NW,“— Richurdsoli hull. At this ineetinr
wmcn enabled many ﬁtudems 0mm.- and  MM" “mum”; Mil“ WILMWWNI “lumped l’llViiliilw IJlil’i‘r- Misti Iflailing ii. (J. Dixon, plans for organization will be out:
I I I I I ofiiccrs licld. It has also been plan-

lied to inaugurate issues and busi-
ness to be considered by the
assembly. All students interested
are invited to attend.

Last year the N.Y.A. spent some-
what over seventy million dollars;
this year Congress appropriated to
it “a maximum of 76 million dollars,"
being impressed by the work that it

lluoillo Lancaster, seniors; Sub—dob.
ielllzubctii Piiilpott, ’30, and Marion
l'tockcfcilor, '30; ’I‘ypcwrlihig. Marlon
Lawless, '30.

room: itasnitv/i'rioss: soiucsno'rniiv c-2323 p,,,,,,,by,.,,,,,.,,,,,,,,,,.,.,,,,,,,,_Um,m

  

ALBANY, N. Y. t I
Lucille link, ’38, who bcciiiiie the sixteenth queen to reign over the State college campus in an impres-

198-200 CENTRAL AVENUE
slvc coronation ccrcuiouy which ciliiuixod the Cniiipus Diiy festivities last Saturday mam.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

