  

 

 

 

 

 

 

Page 2

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, APRIL 23, 1937

 

State College News

Established by the Glen of 1918
The undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
Collele for Telcrerr

 

Published ever Friday of the college year by the les
Boer representing the Student Association

Telephones: Oﬂlee, 5-0373' Dexter, 24314; Gumaer.
2.0424; Seld, 22-9701; Gaylord, 24314

Entered u mend elm mum in m Albany. N. 1., "lulu

 

THE NEWS BOARD

Fun E. Dum.... .................Editor-in-0hio/
HARRY T. Genus”: ...............Managing Editor
Wanner: I. Drusnoan. . . . . .Assom’ata Managing Editor
DAVID B. SMITH. . . . . . . . . . .Assooiate Managing Editor
80mm: Wonzox. . . . . . . . . . . .Associate Managing Editor
LAUEI'I'A 8mm......................Basineu Manager
Genus W. GAYLonD. . . . . . . . . . . .Adoertising Manager
MILDRED E. NIGHTINGALE. . . . . . . . .Cireulatian Manager

 

Games N. Monms....................Sporta Editor

Emu Cnms.................Women's Sports Editor

 

Pram or Born Pmn'rmo 00., Inc, ALBANY, N. Y.

ISSUE EDITOR

Warren I. Densmore

 

 

 

A Direct Challenge
To Us Teachers

The announcement of a recent survey in the
social studies ﬁeld reveals some startling factors
of interest to all professionally minded teachers.

Dr. Irving R. Melbo, director of the depart-
ment of instruction and curriculum in the Oak-
land, California, public schools, experimented
in a survey touching 4,700 high school students,
as well as several hundred public school teachers.

Special courses based upon the study of cur-
rent problems were given in two California high
schools. Students who took these courses aver-
aged slightly higher in the standardized tests
than the average marks attained by all the social
science teachers tested.

In New York state we can profit from this
survey. Here at State college we have an oppor-
tunity to take a course in interpretations on
current issues. At best. this can be but a step-
ping stone to an increased interest in present
day at’l’airs.

The sooner each prospective teacher realizes
that he can not curl up with smug satisfaction
in his shell of formal knowlcdgc in a special
ﬁeld, the better oil" will be thc whole educational
outlook. llis position of prominence in the coni-
munity demands that the teacher have an ade-
quate background for an intelligent conversa-
tion on such issues as the Suprcmc ('ourt.
industrial disputes. Spanish ltcvolutiou.

The students preparing for social science
teaching have little to worry about, since all'airs
oi" contemporary civilization are their major or
minor ticlds. ('an the members of the other
dcpartntcnts say the sonic?

Pax Nobiscum

With thc thrcats ot' war sprcading ovcr
Europe and the Spanish upbcaval kccpincr all
the nations on cdgc, thc l'nitcd Statcs cntcrs lhc
limclight by putting on an industrial war ol‘ its
own.

l’cacc cntbusiasni mounch last wcck with tho
Suprctnc (‘ourt's l'avorablc tll'i'lsloll on tho-
“nutgna charlu of labor”. thc Wauncr .\ct.
(lpinious vary on It‘ord’s opposition to thc
unions. lint, tbcrc is onc glaring tact that is
scll'-cvidout——thc public as consumcr sutl'crs
from all this industrial u'art‘orc. not labor. not
thc ctnploycr.

'l‘hc nation has a striking cxnnlplc ot' pcucc
within one ol" tbc lczuliiu.r industrics, tbc rail»
roa is. The llailwuy Labor Act of ltl‘Jti tnahcs
possible this pcacc through its contractual rc-
lutions established bctwccn labor and capital.

With t'cdct'al Icgislation to hundlc iutcr-statc
commerce and statc. action for intra-statc in-
dustry along the lines of an apparcutly workable
plan, perhaps a more satisfactory and lasting
peace can be rcachcd on the American labor
front.

 

' The Statesman

 

 

Now that the Sophomore weekend
is over, millions of people—well, six
at least—arc singing “who’s soiree
now?” . . . Let’s lay our hearts bcr-
igun and congratulate ’30 for bring-
ing us another “name” build. . . .
the number of bunnies hopping about
proved the old saw that rabbits mul-
tiply rapidly . . . and many promi-
nent stooges believed this, for they
swear they saw two bands . . . tsk,
tsk.

McGraw surprised Evvic-one by
showing up with PM Dclt’s president
at the last minute. Problems-
of—tbc-wcck: Who paid the piper, or
(lid Denis got his “reward” from the
check-room“! . . How many of the
soirco combinations will show up at
lntcrsorority Ball? Several of
them will be shulllcd and rcdcalt, we
hear. . . . On to less scandalous
\vhispcrings. .

Campaign speeches in last Friday ‘s
assembly were an innovation.

Now we wonder how many pcrpchcd
beings will vote according to the “lit-
ucss” of the candidates. . . . 'l‘imo
alone can tell. . We turn serious
for a brief moment (surprise!) and
urge all of you to go to assembly this
morning and vote as you see lib—not
as someone tells you to vote.

You’ve heard—and sccu—tbc candi-
dates; so now it’s up to you.

To revert to u more natural toile—
spring seems to be the open season for
catching prowlcrs. The police
department bugged one at the Dorm
on Friday, and another at l(.l). Sat-
urday night. Come on, girls
who 's ncxti . We suggest shoot-
ing all activities ollicc prowlcrs. . . .

Saturday brought llorni dance with
its receiving line (Where was Dons-
more '1) and an impromptu llllUl‘SUl'tll"
ity Fraternity continuation of Soircc
at the l'ldgcwood. . . . Some folks
ncvcr scctn to grow tired.

Last-minute-views before we go to
press: Squook Wolzok and the “State
t'ollcgc Angle” . . . tirocn and
lloll'mnn selling ,iunior rings. . .
One student association candidatc
standing by the bulletin board ad-
miring his own postcr. . 'l‘orrcns
rcsling hcr t'cct and proposing a
(i..r\..r\. bikc t'roin \'oorhccs\'illc to Al
buny without hcnctit of bus. . . . llr.
l-‘rcnch and his rcd~und-ycllowvstripcd
socks. . . . (l'llorn wondcring \vbcrc
Stutc studcnts go to study
scniors still hunting,r for jobs.

In conclusion \\'c say" many a truc
word spokcn in ,jcst docsn't sound
\cry t'unny, . . Sci- you ncxt wcck.

THE MAN til“ H'l‘.\’l‘l‘),

 

Berigan’s Hot Music
Is Boon To Dancers
llcrigun has roturncd to his
Suing Scssion; tbc .\nruniu is
again durkcncd; and many :1
Millilttlllttl‘t‘, you, t'\l‘ll thosn- othcr
slutil‘llls \\ltu \\i‘l‘t‘ privib'gi'tl to
go, is nursing a t'oud rccolh-ction
of u Iltllll'l' that was :t dqu-c lbw;
I\l‘ill".‘l Hoil't't'.

in spitc of tho tiuuncinl risks
tultcn by thc I'ii‘trm in tlo-ir tirst
t'ornml vcnturc, uol'd t'roui l'bris
tinc .\«|cs, gcucrul chairman, iudi
t'ltll" that not only hnvc all cx
pi-nsrs ln-cn loin-n curc ol', lull
that :i prolil, slight though it may
lo-, nos ri-nlim-d.

(low to t\\o ltltlltll‘cd rollpb's
nttcndcd and lhrillcd lo llu'
suingy rb,\thins ot' liunny licl'igun
and his orchcsttu. .\lun_\ lino-s
throughout thc cit-Hing, couplcs
throngcd thc spucc in from of thc
buudstund Just to hint tlu- boys
swing it, without any thoughts ol’
dancing.

'l‘hc :itl'air uus quitc vividly a
line cxutoplc ol' ubot class dullcn-s
can hr, and adds ouothcr point to
thc alrcady ovcr bulnnccd attitude

 

t'uvoriug “big” dances.

Placement Of ice Urges Action
On Fol er Checkup, Interviews

 

The business of securing teaching
positions requires active cooperation
on the part of seniors and graduate
students, the Appointment bureau
would remind prospective teachers.
Students who allow their supply of
folders to run out, or who cannot be
found for an interview at short
notice, hamper not only the work of
the bureau but their own chances
of securing a position.

Each senior and graduate student
enrolled with the Appointment bureau
has tilled out forms for five folders
of credentials. When these are sent
to employers they are usually retained
for some time, and the student’s
supply of folders available in the
bureau tiles nmy become depleted.
Students who know that their folders
lmvc been sent out to several places
should check with the bureau. If
the supply is down to one or two
folders, it is advisable to fill out
forms for perhaps three more.

In rcccnt wccks the Bureau has
bccu able to arrange interviews with
superintcmlcnts, principals and boards
of education here at the college, and
it has been important to cull students
to the Milne otlicc on short notice.
Schedule cards on tile in the ofﬁce
should not only include room num-
bers ot‘ classes but onc’s usuul where-
abouts during vacant periods, and
tclcpbonc numbers.

The bureau again stresses the point
that the personal interview is today
perhaps the most cll'cctivc method of
securing positions, and urges students
to arrange them whenever possible.

 

Hellenics

 

llcllo again! The (irceks are gam-
boling,r in fact thc thoughts of litter-
sorority llnll have cvcryonc excited.

\\'cl|, Altil'bi is still in n pledgingr
mood, what with Sliit'lcy l\'nplan and
l"n_v Scbccr undcr the wing. Phi
Lambda bus initintcd [\licc llurlbul,
’37, Martha Scbcid, ’38, and Mabel
l“urrcl|, ’39, into t'orninl membership.

Alpha liho’s now mcmbcr l<‘lorcnco
Scbcidcrich, ’38, and plcdgcs Katrina
lliilst, ’39, and lsubcl itinncl and
I’hilonn-na lannottc, t’rcshmcn.

Spring‘rvcngagcmcnls and marri-
agcs. Maybe it’s that young man’s
l'uncy . . . at any ratc llonnu \'cc
t'mnpbcll, un .\Iphn libo from ’3],
was married to .\twcll .\lcncc.

’l‘o (lummu l\'np go thc honors for
cugugcmcnts bcrc gocs .\l:lric l’uu
dlc, ’itl. to llurgcss (ittl'l'isou; Lois
\':ln dc \\’nllc, ’JH, to l'idwiu Stock
bridgc; .\l:irinn .\ucbtcr, ’ill, to
Richard Jackson, and l"|orcncc llnrt
until, ’33, to (loot-go llarvclt. .\
ipnidrupb-ts ot‘ host \visbcs!
licrthn l"rosl itccd, ’Z’..'x, was it rc
ccnt visitor to .\l‘il'bi. u'hilc at t‘bi
Sig, Hay Kcarncy and Julio licil,
both 'Ilicrs, nunh- nicrry. Sigma
.\lph:| u'clcotncll 'l'ln'l'csn \\'ciucckc,
'Iiit. ltuth (ioblsntith, 'Itl, and limb
\tultgh, 'Ild, \‘isitcil thc Alpha ii'lio
bousc to rcncu .‘Ii'ttlltllllillllt‘t'S.

licluclnbcr, hols un-l lusscs‘ lutcr
sorority linll, .\l.’t.\' \I'H'Illll.

Catalogue To List
Curriculum Changes

(l'oollomr/ from [my/I l, io/nmn 3t
ics, ‘_'|l tlrigim ot' .\nu-I'icuu llcinoc
t';1I'_\‘; J-lL‘l‘ontlii-t ot' lt'cdcrnl llcnt
octncy uith Null-w Nights; i.‘-l.'l Social
implications ot' .\Illi'l'lt'llll llt'llltll'l'ui‘).

l'ourscs thnt hnvc llt't‘ll Iltoppcd
t'roni tlo- t'ltl‘l'll‘tlllllll includc, llrcch,
'._'; lilolog}, l7, |ll'..', ltlil, Itll, Illd;
liducutiou, l, L’, iii: I‘iuglish, thl
ticiinnu, “va), Ios; li_\glt'l|l’, ll. H,
o, to.

,\ si-ininnr couisc, to bc ltnoun us
L‘ll, has hccn nddcd to thc licrinun,
tuullicuiutics, nnd l"rcnch tlcpnrt
nicnts. ’l'hc l'Iduculion, l‘JIIinsb, and
Italian dcpnrtun-uts buvc also had
courscs uddcd.

'l‘hc ncw ltlﬁi7.‘is’ catalogucs con
taining dctuilrd dcscriptions ol' thcsc
rcvisions will be rcndy t'or distribu

 

tiou soon.

 

Rise of State College:
A Reminiscence

 

 

 

Commentstater

At the senior banquet Dr. Harold W. Thompson, pro-
fessor of English, delivered a reminiscent history of the
college during the past twenty years, under the expert
leadership since 1915 of Dr. Brubnchcr.

In 1915 there were but seven sororities; K. D. R.
was founded that year; and E. E. Potter, for whom
Potter Club was named, was still in college. He entered
the Army in 1917 where he lost his life. Dr. Bru-
bacher’s intense desire to further cxtracluss activity
in State led to the establishment of the News in 1916,
and Myskania in 1917. At first. the faculty chose mem-
bers of Mysknnitl; soon they were more than glad to
relieve themselves of the privilege.

Dr. Thompson also traced the development of the
music department, be having reorganized the depart-
ment before turning it over to his successor, Dr. 'l‘. E.
l‘[. Candlyn. He mentioned the fame of Dr. Cnndlyn as
one of the lending composers ot.’ ecclesiastical music, a
questionnaire having listed him as one of the four
lending composers of the church today.

 

Debating, upon which most of our intcrcollcgiutc
prestige depends, was begun in 1927 and has risen to
its present schedule of twenty intercollegiate debates
arrungcd by Mr. Jones and Mr. llardy.

l)r. lirubnchcr‘s dcsirc for thc :ulvanccmcnt ot' scholar-
ship was manit'cst in his bcttcrincnt of faculty train-
ing. llighcr degrccs wcrc required which mcunt tho
curct'ul selection from leading cducntors in the country.
Eight of our prcscnt facility members are listed in
“Who’s Who in America.” This plus the sclcctivo
factor has given us a unique position as a scholarship
college, and our high rating greatly enhances the honor
of Signum Laudis.

in conclusion hc congrutulatcd the scniors on having
the chance to further incrcusc thc rcputntion oi" the
college and suggested a more contprchcnsivc publicity
by the Press Bureau and graduates of Stntc collcgc.
He hoped that we might liud opportunity to incrcasc
our radio appearances, to bring oursclvcs bct'orc the.
public as one ot’ the leading collcgcs.

.\ sinccrc appreciation of State collcgc and a knowl-
cdgc ol’ thc struggle to dcvclop extra-class nctivitics to
their prescut status should caution those who are cvon
now preparing to quibblc ovcr budgct appropriations to
tbcsc activities.

 

Book of the Week:

Supreme Court Issue

By Robert Hertwig

Supreme Court or Political Puppets, by llavid l.uwt'cucc.
l). .-\pplcton-(‘cutury t'ompauy, .\'cw York, ItlllT.
(30 pp.

(011 Sit/c in ('o-opt

Speaking politically. tbc Suprctnc ('ourt issuc is tbc
inost, proiniucnt. tpicslion bct'orc thc .\incricuu pcoplc
today. t'olnincuts pro nnd con urc bring burch toll.
and right in :ittcmpts to contiurc tho populucc to tutor
this sidi- or that. "Suprmnc t'onrt or l'oliticnl l’up»
pcts " is David Lauri-two‘s contribution to thc (Iiwlts‘iolt.

.\lr. l.u\vrcucc. who is u notcd .\incricun columnist.
and cdit.ol‘ ot‘ " l'liili'd Status Nouns- “, prcst-uls u \voi'tbv
discussion in o straightl'oru’nrd munncr. ’I'bcrc is nqu-
of l.il(' \\‘i~ll_\'»\\itsil.\' (ll‘ibbli‘ litul ul'lctt ('lltttcl's llp poi
iticul continents.

l’crbups thc bcst way to i||t|~trntc lbc lino iob hc
bus douc in this book is to [pom- ~It|||il ot’ his actual
stntcnicuts. whorl-in hc I‘n-t'cru to tho court i~~11c ill
torius ol' sportsmanship.

"For too yours undcr n \\'t'ittcu constitution tbc
.\Iucricun pcoph- Inuc uorsbippcd at tho allot of
sportsnutnship.

“'l'hcy bin ucccptcd thc doctrinc that it is loud»
incntully uIn-thicul to rcl'nsc to Import nu mlu-iw
ilccislolt.

“ lrudiliolnilly lbc spirit ot \iuctica has boon (bit
It you do lllll likc thc t'll|i*~ ol' Ibc conic. chunuc llli'
rub-s but don't soul; thc umpirc’

'l"ol' :u-ucrulions thc Suprcuic (‘outl ot' tbt- l'uitcd
Stulcs bus bccn lbc uinpirc in dcciditru ulml .lll' .ind
\\lI.ll urc Itol \ulid acts of thc l'.\|'l'l|ll\l‘ uud Icpislutin‘
bronchi-s ot tbc gmctulncul uitbiu tlic un-nlunu ol lin-
suprciuc Inu ol tbc hind tho ('ouslitulion.

" lbctc hos ln-cn a rccoguizcd and ucll dcbncd dill‘cr
cncc hctnccn Ii-Iolnttug _||lllh'bli Illlll'l‘tllll'l' nud lulupcl
Inc utth I‘ln- pcisonncl or judgmcnl of tho Mtpicinc
loIIIl Itscll.

'Iu tho but lll‘~ltll|l'l'\ uhcl'u- tIili’llllll‘~ buic bccu
llliltil' In i'lllllllll tlh- .‘ltltl‘t‘llli' ( ullll Ill. lilt' l‘lllil'll ﬁlilli'n

lot pobtbol piuposcs. on outiurcd public opinion bus
ilsctl Iu lbllllt'~l.

" 'l'hc is-‘uc is x-lcor. lt' lltl‘tl' is umlhinc u rouc uith
lbc lilc tcnurc rlousc by ull tun-nus h-t ‘ h
through an nun-mltucut to thc l"c
sclt‘ us no huvc donc in tho ~tutcs
.worncd us against unicudtncul by
and by subtcrl'uuc.

us chungc it.
dcl'nl (‘ouslitutiou it-
. tit-oruc \\'u.~hingtou
usurpation ol poucr
'l‘bcrc can bc no bcllcr win to pro
~t'l'll' our dcuiocl'atic proccsscs than to lot '

. the motto
dccldi‘ Witt-[hut lhi'y hill“! the I I

systcin of choosing jus-

 

ticcs of their courts chungcd."

 

  
   
  
    
   
      
  
 
   
   
  
 
  
    
       
     
  
  
  
  
  
    
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
    
   
 
 
  
 
  
   
   
  
  

   

 

 
 

lice,
.‘act
u'gc
The
and
will

in
rcc.
own
one,
the

    
     
     
       
      
   
     
     
     
   

  

       
  
   
 
 
   
  
  
    
   
  
  
     
    
 
   
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
 
    
 
   
  

 

 
 
    
     
          
        
         
      
 

 

 
 
    
 
 
       
     
    
 
     
      
         
        
   

 

 

     
  

