  

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1937

 

Rinmie and Schuriek
' Will Present Dramas
. The next presentations of the Ad-
’vanced Dramaties class will take
place at 8:30 o’clock, Tuesday, in
the auditorium of Page hall. The
plays will be directed by Florence
Bingrose and Ruth Sclnlrick, juniors.
The cast for Miss Ringrose’s play
will consist of Hester Price, Betty
Appeldoorn, Sally Whales, and Flor-
ence Nelbacll, juniors. The follow-
ing juniors will assist in the produc-
tion: properties, Janet Dibble; sets
and lights, Paul Dittman; costumes,
Betty Daniels; advertising, Lucille
Clarke; house, Charlotte Libman.
Miss Schurick has chosen for her
east the following: Tom Kelley,
Lillian Olson, seniors; Marjorie Crist,
’38, and Ruth Sinovoy, ’39. The
committees consist of the following
juniors: properties, Charlotte Lib-
man; sets, Paul Dittman; advertis-
ing, Lucille Clarke; costumes, Flor-
ence Zubres; lighting, Dorothy Haner.

 

 

 

Potter Club Conducts
Formal Initiation Rites
Fourteen freshmen, one sophomore
and one faculty member were in-
ducted illto full membership in tile
Edward Eldred Potter club at a ban-
quet conducted at Farnhaln’s Hotel
on Sunday, February 14. The faculty
guests were Dr. Thompson, Louis
Jones, and William llardy. Mr.
Hardy gave a short: address.
Mr. Hardy was initiated illto for-
mal faculty membership ill the club.
Tile following undergraduates were

initiated, N ornlan Arnold, Larry
Balog, Joseph Cappicllo, Angelo
Cherro, Robert Coggcr, Richard

Dooley, Willard Frmncnt, Kenneth
Haser, Lloyd Kelly, l-Iomer Leggett,
John Moore, Roger Moran, James
Quinn, Wilbur Valley, freshmen, and
(‘harles Walsh, ’39.

Transfer Students

There will be a meeting of the
transfer students regularly enrolled
ill the senior class ill room 206, of
Draper hall, \i'cdllesday llooll, ac-
cordillg to an announcement by
Robert. Margisou, ’37, president of
the class.

Copyllulll 1937, Lloclll'l~ a MYl-lls ’l‘ollluo Co.

 

 

Hellenics

 

 

 

Tlle sorors are out of the formal
rushing whirl but the pledging still
goes strong.

PAT ribboned Cecile Pockross and

Eve Biaeck, fresh. A lld Sigma
Alpha ’s new pledges are Genllie
Woods, Doris Brooks, I‘Iilda Ash-

llulll, Ellen l’edersell, Anna Prahler,
and Louise Smith, all loyal ’40cl's.
Anna Swellssou and Mary Morgan,
fresh, are wearing Gamma Phi Sig
pledge pills while I’at I-Iosley, ’38,
is wellril : one from Phi Lambda.
Charlotte Rockow and Elizabeth
llollbie, ’36, alld Ruth Willillllls, ’35,
were week-cud guests at BZ. At
Sigma Alpha, Catherine Paris and
Norma Blake, ’36, made merry while
renewing old friendships. And Mar-
jorie Knhlidjan, ’36, was at DO.
Doll ’t forget, sorors, it’s 3:30 after
l’ronl. ’
At the regular meeting Monday
night, Eta l’hi initiated Betty Den-
mark alld Phyllis Scott, freshmen,
and Mildred ('ornemeyer, ’38.

Announces Vacation
There will be no classes, Monday,
Washington ’s birthday, at State col-
lege, according to an announcement
by Miss Elizabeth Van Denburgh,
registrar, this week. Classes will be
resumed Tuesday, at 8:10 o’clock.

 

 

And those fortunate Kappa Delta
girls who inherited one thousand
dollars, count them one tllousaud,
from Kate Ilogg in memory of
Isabel I'Iogg Knapp, class of 1912 at
N.Y.S.C.T. It’s too bad everyone
doesn’t have a fairy godmother.

 

Deno Names Committee
To Aid Library Staff
Following a motion last Friday
in assembly that the President of
Student association appoint a com-
mittee of ﬁve students to assist the
Faculty library committee, John
Dene, ’37, has named the following
student committee: Alfred ’l‘rchauon,
’38, chairman; Mary I-Iarbow, ’37;
Charlotte Peck and John Stromei,

juniors; and Jayne Walratll, ’39.

 

 

Geo. D. Jsoney, Prop.

198—200 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

Boulevard Cafeteria
and Grill

Dial 5-1918

ALBANY, N. r.

 

 

Hare}

say...

Mild, ripe home-grown and aromatic Turkish tobaccos. . .
aged three years. . . make Chesterﬁeld an outstanding
cigarette. . . give them a more pleasing taste and aroma.

 

divlﬂd

ﬁr ya”
. . . a picture of Chesterﬁeld
tobacco just as it comes out of

the 1000 - pound wooden hogs-
heads after ageing for three years.

If you could be there when these hun-
dreds of hogsheads are opened up

. . . if you could see this mild ripe
tobacco, prime and ready to be made
into Chesterﬁeld Cigarettes . . . see the
golden color of the leaf . . . and get a

whill‘ of that delightful aroma . . . you’d

“Delicious . . . makes me
thirds of fruit cake.”

   
  

 
 

 

 

 

owl—2.3g .

..».a-.n«,-.n~_».s q“:

 

 

 

l
l
l

 

 

 

State College

 

 

 

 

 

Von. XXI, No. 16

STATE Common ron 'l’l-IACIIERS, Annyxv, N. Y., FRIDAY, FEBRUARY

‘36, .1937

$2.00 Per Year, 32 Weekly Issues

 

 

R.P.l. Will invade State

Tonight in Return Game

 

St. Michaels To Be Opposition
In Second Week-end Tilt
Tomorrow Night

DANCING TO FOLLOW

Engineers Seek Second Win;
St. Michaels Also Have
Won Once
'l'his w‘cckclld lllc l'ngo lulll court
will be the sccllc of llll'df-cs ill which
Sllllc cngagcs two of lllc toughest.
teams on its schcdulc. Friday night
the llatlicld basket lllcn will launch
thcil' all in tho sccond spl'cc with tho
'l‘l'oy dcluolls. ll_l‘.l., Saturday lliglll,
the sccolld colllcst with Ht. Michal-ls

of \'cl'lllonl will hc slagcd.

It was h'.l‘.l. who gnyc Nllllc lhcll'
initial sol-back of ill(‘ llllili».‘l7 basket-
ball season to lbc hum of 33—27. Ill
l‘l-lllclllllcnncc of llllH ll'lllllll'lllg thc
Slalo cagch arc l'cndy lo upsct lulllcs,
chairs and hcllillg odds in ol'dcl' to
ell'acc its bitlcl'llcss.

'l'hc Purple and (Fold llilSkl.’lUl'l'.‘"
,journcycd lo 'l‘l‘oy to lake on the
I‘illgllll‘l'rh‘ on lll(' night of llcccnlllel'ﬁ.
()pcnillg up with a hang, Slnlc played
a shll'ly, sllloolllly-clickillg hall gunn-
l'ol' lllc ﬁrst part of tlu- initial l'l‘nlllc.
'l'hcll lllc liv.l'.l. lllllllll‘l cvcllcd things
up at lilrlll :ll’lcl' State had had ils
way for si.\lccn nlilllllcs. Following
bohind lhc attack of ( 'aptaill l.cvoni:ln,
lhc cllgillecl's oblaillcd a 20713 lcnd
at half time.

Starting off lhc sccolld half with
a ballling offensive, Slatc was again
stoppcd ill a fcw lllillutcs by the trio
of Levollinll, Ward and l'lllllclldol'l'.
Through their accuralc shooting,
Il.l’.l. was cllahlcd to hold down lllc
hard lighting “lllclltol's” and lllkc
the ball gnlnc.

It was St. Michal-ls that providcd
the defeat during the 'l'oncllcl's’ Vor-
mont. trip. (in lhc night of Jan-
nary B, the 'l‘cacllcrs opened the first
of a two-gamc field trip at, \\’illooski
to fall hcneatll tllc, (lrccll Mountain
team’s onslaught to the tune of -i‘_’—.’il.

Stale startcd off poorly against
this team ot.’ sllarpsllootcrs. At lllc
and of the first half tllc Vermonters
had piled up n 1771] lcad. During
the sccond hull" it lookcd as if lllc
State live was going phlccs \vllcll lllcy
burst; illto a twollty-cight zlll llc up
al'lcl' the first, ten minutes of play,
Al'tcr having allowcd this bid for vic-

(l'onll'num/ on pol/r ll, t‘l/l/llllll 1)

 

 

 

 

 

Press Bureau Names
Crist First Head

At a lllccllllg of llll‘ Mlllc l‘ol
log: l‘l'oss bull-nu 'l‘ulwdny, .\l:ll‘
,jol'lc l'l'isl, ’Iln, \\.'l.~ clcclcd «llllll'
Illllll :Illd ll‘obcl‘l Ill l'lwig, ’dll,
Hl‘l'l'l'l :l l"\.

According to lllc lllgnlll/n

lion's coll~llllllloll, which was
:Ippl‘olcd l:l.~l nlolllll lo \Iys
hllllln, ll‘ plllplm l~ lo ‘pllldl
I’lle lllI' :o l|\llllx of Ilo ‘llllillllN
lli’ llll‘ lolle, llllll llo Il‘lllul‘
llwcll' lll llll nlw~pllpll~ lllloogll
lllll \l'\\ lolly ~|.lll \lllll lllt‘
low In llllllll ol plllllll, Ilo \ w
\Vlllli \ljlll l‘ldllpl lIII 'll.ol:l
ill lll- l.ll|il\ ol llo llllljlll' lllglor
lll‘ylllllllllll‘ ol \l w iolll -l:llc "

’l'lol plc-ulll lllt'lllllllx of lift
ply-w llllllrlll :llc \llgillln Moll.
Flle l’1\l'|. illlUl \l[>.\ l'li‘l,
Hoplllc \\ol/oll, ll'llllnl‘d l'ox,
\‘i'nll'cn lll‘ll‘llllll‘l‘, ‘jlllllllln. .chlll
Nll'ong, l‘fdgnl ll’lloln, and

llcl'lwig, Hollllllllllll'l‘h.

lll', William ll‘l'l‘lll'll, illsll'uctol'
ill cducalioll, is lllc fncully nd
\iHlll' of tho l’l'css lllll'l‘llll. ’l‘lll:
lllolcl'gradunlc lllcnlhol's of tho

advisory board will bc Virginia
Stool and l"l'cd llcxlcl', scuiol's.

l

 

l

Council To Sponsorl
Spring Informal
With Prom over and Soiree to
colllc, nlld a long time between,
student council has dccided to
try solncl‘hing llcw so that State
students may do their full share
of dancing.

Their idea is to conduct all
informal dance with a good
ol'cllcstrn, alld charge just
enough to lncct clxpcnscs, thus

affording the l-lludcllts an illcx-
pl-llsivl- good lilllc.

The ﬁrst, llllllcc will be
duclcd .\l:ll‘ch Ill, lll lllc
mom of lllc Alumni llcsldcllcc
balls, from 8:00 to llzilll
o’clock. .lnlllos \'.'ludcl'pocl,
‘JIT, is cllail'lllan for lllc cvcnt.

l'tlll-

lnglo

if this first dnncc pl'ovcs suc
ccsst'ul, others will follow; and
if it doesn’t, \vcll~il was a

good idea.

.lunior Week-End is

Financial Success

 

 

 

 

Cox Asks For More ‘Big’ Bands
To Make Dances Popular
'l‘llc class of lllllH with the Ilcnvicsl
lludgcl in hislol'y l‘llll‘l‘g‘t'll from lllc
annual ,lulllol' \vcck-cud with a proﬁt
of :llllll‘llxllllllll‘ly' rill“, according to
llol'olhy lain, viccpl'csidcul of lhc
,jnlliol' class and gcllcl'al chairman of

tho \H‘oll-l'llll.

'I'llc wook~cnd slurch off with great
succcss as L’le couplcs swung to thc
orchid rhylllllls of Frank llallcy.
From llzllll until 2:00 o’clock tho
tlll'oug clljoycd lhc novcltics, music,
and singing of this group.

 

 

 

’l‘llc luncheon at noon ill tllc “‘llogcl'
Williams” next day started wllcrc
the prom left off and the juniors cll-
,joycd tho convivialin of tllcil' class
banquet. ’l‘hc tca dancc was nuothcr
succcss alld (lol'dic Randall with his
swing music and Vibraphone ill‘l'nlll‘
pllllinlcnt kcpl the crowd ill the prom
:lnd wcck-cnd spirit.

ltlchnl'd (’ox, pl'csidcnl of tho class,
llladc lllc following slnlclllenl. lo the
.\'ll:\\'.\‘, "llllc of the major l'cnsolls
for lllc gratifying l'csull of tho wcck

 

 

 

clld was tllc wholchcartcd
lloll that tho colllnlillcl- cllnil'lllcll I‘l‘
ccilcd l'l'olll llll‘ lllclllbcls of the junior
into this with
all thcil' cllcl'gy and llladc :l succcss of
lllc clllil'l- wcch clld.

“’l'llc sllcccss of llllh’ dllln-c pl'tn'l'r
Il.:ll llll' ~llldclll> :ll Nllllc .‘ll’l' willing

rho-opcl'il'

class. 'l'llc class \\‘l'lll

lo Hlll'llll dam-cs ll' lllcy' :ll‘l‘ lo lo
ll'tlllv\ good, .‘lllll 'llll‘ ol' lllc >lll'1'hl
wnys lo \‘l'l‘lll‘l‘ lllI' «plllllly' of :l dulll'c
l~ lo wcol'c .‘I ‘llllllo-' hnlld. \\'c fol

Iowr-d llll‘ load of lll|‘ sl-lliol's, who had
“any ll|'\l'l'. \\c lo lh.
mpllolnoll-s that if Illcy wish to lllnhc

|l'l‘llll|lllt‘llll

llllll' Hoilcc oolslzlllding llllll llll'\
\I‘t‘llll :l wcll hllowll llllllll l'ol llll ll
lop l\l‘lli H

l
Cogswell To Present 
illustrated Lecturel

\ll l-dyul'll l‘ogswr-ll, .ll., wlll gllc

‘ do |llll-llltll d lolly lo lllc \ludcnl bod\

, ||I lll|' :lmr'lllllly :ll Il lII ohlock lllI‘

lloo‘lllllg oll llll‘ Illuloll ol' \llvlllly

\Il l'ogchll how lllllly ll\l‘ \llllt" dc

plcllllg clll'ly lil'v lll lllls lily, llll'l-lll
my two of lllc I'lll'licsl maps,

l
l

 

lll lust wcclls sludcul :Issclllllly, llll‘

l ~llldclll holly ndoplcd, with no oppo

>illoll, l|u~ l'cpol'l of tho clccliou cqu
lllllll-c providing for all ch-clioll com

mission of livc nlclllllcl's who will
l‘cgollllc and snpcl'vll'c all sludclll
association pl'c voting :lclivllics. 'l‘llc

, l‘l‘pol'l llllcomoll bylaw llulllbcl' clghl

ol’ lhc studcnl association.

 

Faculty To Make

Forengghanges

Jones To Explain New Rules
And Classes Governing
Varsity Debate
Several changes have been pro-
posed for the college courses ill dc-
blllillg and intcrcollcgiatc debate, to
go into effect llcxt year. 'l‘llcsc
changes which will ll(' cxplaillcd ill
today’s assembly by Mr. Louis C.
Jones, coach of varsity debate. will
alter considerably lllc pl'cscnt syslclll
of participation in inlcl'collcgiatc

dchatc.

The plan providcs for two courscs
ill dchnting to be known as l'illL’llK‘ll
l alld English 5. 'l'llc t'ol'lllcl' will
includc tllc clcnlcnlnl'y lhcol'y of al'gn
lllclllnlion, types of dchnlcs. and dc
criticism. 'l'llc lntlcr,
Advanced Debating, will put
pl'zlcticc lllc pl'illciplcs lcal'llcd ill the
clclllclllal'y course.
lllc following typos will hc sludicd
:llld l'ol‘lllul,
Oregon, radio, round loblc. and llillll'l.

'l'llc clclllcnllll‘y group will llit"‘l
on Monday ill lhcol'y
“'I'llll'xllll), lllc llll‘llllll‘l'ﬁ will :lllcnd
.'l lll’lb'lll‘ givcll by tho :ldvallccd class.
.\s :I pull of lllc classworh. Illc ling
lisll l will cl'ilicixl»
halo. and on Friday lllc English 7:
will mccl ill a round lllhll- lo
pl'cpnl‘c dcblllc mall-rial, giving cspc-
cial :lllcnlioll lo lllc lw'o
l'lloscll by tho New York Hlnlc llc-
bulc (‘oncllcs colll'cl'cncc as pl'cfcl'l'cd

lllllc called

into
('lass dchnlcs of

discusscd: informal.

clussos. llll

class this do

class

loplcs‘

snbjccts for tho your.

lllll'l‘l'lllll'g‘ll‘lll‘ dcbntol's .‘l]"’ to
clnnlullc from [how colll'scs. .\'o slu
dclll cull participate lll llltcl'mllcgintl-
dclullc who has not :ltlclldcd the
Friday sclllillar of lhc
group. Hludcnts
l'ollcd lll lllc coul'sc may altclld lhcsc
Hosslolls‘.

'l'llc working order of lllc two
classes will he changed lll lhc second
scllu-slcl'. 'l’llc clcmcnlnl'y class will

advanced
who .‘ll'l‘ not on-

dcblllo while the English .7 class
criticizes and coaches.

The adlllillistl'ation llopcs that
[his now system will pl'cpal'c Htatc
llcbalcl's llllll‘l‘ :ldcqunlcly lo ulcct

their opponents ill illlcl'collcgiatc do-
bntcs, although the organization of
llcblllc council will not bc cllallgcd.

No ‘News’ Next Week
'l‘llo .\'li\\.~' will not llc issued ucxl
\\'l‘t‘li, according to Harry '1'. (llllllncl',
'JlT, l'lllllll' ill cllicf, because of hudch
rcducllolls doc to illcolllpletc paylllcnl
of tho sludcnl tux.

Personal Appearance

 

HEADS DRIVE

u.

Robert Margison, pl‘cshlclll of
tho sclliol‘ class. who will dll'ccl

lllilT ill its activities to rainI
llloncy for the .\lumni llou~illg

fund.

 

 

 

Sophomores Name
Soiree Committees

Christine Ades Announces Heads
To Direct 1939 Function

 

(‘hl‘isliuc Alb-s, vicc-pl'csldclll of
tho sophomore class, who will llc
gcllcrnl chairman of Illc nllllual
Sophomore Soil'cc to ho conduclcd

April lli, this \vcch :llllloullccd lllc
colnlllittcc heads who will assist llcl'
ill making :lrrnllgclllcllts for the
affair.

'i‘hesc lllllllcd include: music, .Santi
l‘orcino; .‘ll‘l‘llllgOlllt‘lliH. \‘il'glnia
Ful'ey; l'el'l'esllnlcnts, .\lildl'cd King;
dccorntiolls, llclla llolan; cllapcroncs,
Faye ll‘ol'clnnll; flowers and taxis,
Iintll l.cwis; door, William ’l‘ol'rclls
and ('ol'llclius Jr‘ogarty; llool', .l. (lor-
doll ’l‘ahncr and (‘lulrlcs l“l'.‘llll(llll$
progl'nllls' and bids, Mary .\lnl‘g:ll‘ct
l’nppn; publicity, liclly llllyl'ol'd and
Holly llnllcl'; nlld invitations, Mur-
garct llol'l'lnnlnl.

'l’hcnc conlllliltcc chairlllcn will
nnnlc llll'll‘ own assisting collllllillccs
lll lllc llcnl' l'nlul'c.

 

 

 

Receives

Stress By Teachers’ Bureaus

llllc lllllldl'cd 'l'ollcllcl"s (,‘ollcgc
l'lacclllcllt lilll’l'l'llh :llld l‘flllployllu-lll
lllliccs llnvc :lglccd oll illl‘ rplnlilics‘
which make a c:llldlllnlc dcsil'nhlc or
lllldcsil'nblo for a touching posilloll
’l'hc sulllnlal‘y of vicws was nuldl- by

lll' 'l'ow'llsclld, .\'cw:ll'|l, N. .l., .\'or
llllll school, and was l'clcnncd lo ﬁlsllo 1
I!Ill1",1l‘>lllll1lll~ this wcclr by MW \p

polnlllll-nl llllll‘llll.
\lllong lllc dcsil‘lllllc «pullilics |l~llwl
by lllc \l'lllllllx‘ groups wcl‘c:
lll l’lcposscnsillg pcl's‘ollal .‘llllll'dl‘
llt‘illlll,

spr-ccll dcl'cclﬁ.

lllll‘l‘, good i‘ll'l‘tllllll l'l'olll

:i’l Approprinlc :llld :llll'nclilc

dun-:4, .‘lllll, if n woman, spullllg u-‘c ‘

and llllllll‘lll

lingclllllll color,

of I'llhllll'llt'l‘i ('hlll‘l'llllly
rill l'olsc. clnoliollul lllulul'ily and
wcll adjuslcd. :llll'ncliyo pcl‘sonnllly.
ll) 'l‘llcll'ullu-sn, oplllllislll, l-c
solll'ccl’nlllcss with good initialch and
cxcculilc ability, and truthfulness.
1’5) 'l‘llo calulidalo should he opcn-
lllllldcd, clllllnsinslic, have a pleasing
spcllllillg voicc, free from colloquial—
isnls and poor diction; with a good
\(N‘lll)llltll'_\' and a lively illlllginalion.

( llil llc should show ndaplnhlllly
ill social situations which will oxpl'cxs

ilscll' ill lllllllg UlllI'l’ pcoplc, gclllng

along plcnsaully \\lll| l'cllow ll‘lll‘lll'l'.‘
:llld sludcllls.

, ll'l llc lllIl~l
‘w'lllollnl policy by :lhlllll lo I'HI'H’ his,
ol lu-l'. pull of on llllcl'llcw \lilhoul

olllllnllnsslllclll.
(lllll‘ r'lllll'lll'll'l'lhlll'x pow-nymd by

tho clllldldnb who is llill'l

wcl'c lislcll 3l\‘

lll l'ool' pllysllpw, lllllll' olcl

wclglll Ul' undcl'wcighl, Inch: :llll'uc

ll\c l..-.~oll:ll :rppllll‘ancc ln gcllcl'nl.

l2}: ls I'illl‘ll‘hh of hands .llld hair,

: ll.\l'.\ l'll\ll|l'lll‘~ t'\l'l'.\.\l‘l1l.\.
, :51» bucks polsl, is lll>ll1llll. moody
’ ol plllcglllnllc :Illd l'l‘l-Iplclllly rxlllllils’
1 l-llloliolllll lllslllhlllly :llld lllllllii
lul'ily.
l l) lilvcs clldcllcc of illll‘olcrsiou,
pcssilllisln and avoids contacts with

olllcl' pcoplc so that llc. or sllc, has a
limilcd social llnckgl'oolol.

(5) Lots coulcrsalion lapsc if he.
or shc, is responsible for carrying it
forward.

 

l

 

 

 

 

l
l'xlllllll pond coll\'l'l‘ l

 

lo lllill'l‘ ‘

Senior Drive Commences
For Housing Project Fund

 

Committee Will Suggest Plans
To Alumni For Use
Of ’37 Money

CAPTAINS APPOINTED
Three Divisions of 11 Teams
Each to Canvass Class
For Pledges

 

lll inaugurating the annual senior
drive to raise funds for future
Alumni housing projects, Robert
Margison, president of the class of
1937, has appointcd a committee to
draft suggestions for the Alumni as-
sociation as to tho projects to which
class nlclllhcl's wish their money to be
assigned. 'l‘hc drive was explained
and discussed, alld a lcanl set-up (lut-
lillcd, at a meeting of newly appointed
captains Tuesday night at the Alumni
llcsidcnce ball.

The drive will be conducted by the
colnpctitioll of three divisions of eleven
ll'l’llIIH each, with each scllior assigned
to a team. Margison, working with
Mrs. licrtllll l‘l. lll'illlmer, secretary of
lllc Alumni association, will be gell-
(‘l'lll chairman of thc drivc. Assistant
chairmen in charge of the three divi-
sions are John llello, llnl'l'y (lulnacr,
and John Murphy.

Sclliors, as ill the past several years,
will be askcd to pledge up to $100.00,
to ho paid ill installments over five or
ten ycars, to the Alumni housing
fund. 'l‘lll- plcdgcs may he llladc with
the proviso that installments will be
duc “tllc first February after I
scclll'c a position.”

’l‘hc possibilities of the next step
ill Alumni projects, succeeding the
present Alumni .llcsidellce halls for
womcll, \vcl'c discusscd at the Tuesday
lllcctillg. Projects dismissed included
a men’s dormitory, favored by the
class of 1936, all llll~eollegc social
housc, athlctie houses for men and
women, a swimming pool. Sentiment
was ill favor of a men’s dormitory as
the next. step, but it was generally
felt that the class should not bind the
Alumni directors too closely in the
use of funds, inasmuch as the needs
of tho college might change by the
time the amount was sufficient to be
used.

'I llc colllnlillce appointed by Margi-
soll to consider these suggestions in-
cludcs llcno, (lunlaer, Elizabeth Mor-
row, .‘llnrplly, Dorothy ()slrander, Vir-
ginia Hlocl, and dinners Vanderpoel.

Mrs. ll'illllllcr and Miss Anna E.
l‘icrcc, forlucl' dean of women, were
pl'cscllt at tho llleeting and explained
to lllc Sl'llllll‘H the drive as condnctcd
ill l'ol'lllcl' years.

'l‘llc lhl‘cc divisions, with lllcil' team
captains, lll'c as follows:

ilivisloll l: .lollll ill-no, clluirlllun;
Mllriol'ic (‘lll'llcglc, llclcn (flydc, lione-
mlll'y llichlllsou, Mary lllll'lIUW, l‘llizu‘
lll‘lll ,‘\lcul-y, l’ill‘lllllll' Nottingham,
llol'ollly (lsll'nlldcl', l’nrkcr,
llol'ollly lili‘li, l‘fdwal'd \llhol. Marinll
Hillllll'h‘.

(I'll/Illn/lu/ on [lily/I

(il'ucl'

. l
J, I" lllll‘l ~l;

Advanced Dramatics
Postpones Class Plays

'l'llc \dlnllccd l’l'HllHllll'h class
plays llllllli \\'l‘|t' scllcdlllcd for last
’l'llcoluy lvl‘oll poslpolod lllllll
Ibi~ 'l'ucmlny. 'l‘llcy .‘ll‘t' to bc pro-
M‘llll'll lll llo loldllol'iulu of l'ngc hall
at who o‘clock. 'l‘llc plays arc to bo
llll'l'cll'd l-y h’uth Hcllul'lcll and Plan
cln'c lilllgl'osc, juniors.

'l‘ln- cast for Miss lllllgrosc'n phly
will consist of Hunter l‘l'lcc, liotly
.lippoldool'll, Sally \i’halcll, and Flor-
cllcc Nclbach, juniors.

Miss Hcllnrick has chOscll for her
cunt the following: 'l‘llomns Kelley,
Lillian (llson, seniors; Marjorie
("l‘lst, ’33, and llnlh Sinovoy, ’39.

how

 

