 

 

  

Page 2

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, OCTOBER 1, 1937

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established by the Class of 1918
The undergraduate NeWspaper of New York State
College for Teachers

Published every Friday of the college year by the News

Board representing the Student Association
Telephones: Office, 5-9373;; Wolzok, 2-6752; Smith,

3-1814; Nightingale, 2-4144; Gaylord, 2-4314
Entered as second class matter in the Albany, N. Y.

postoffice

 

IIFNIIENTID FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING IV

NaiionallldvertisingService,Inc.

Cal/m Pub/(Mm Representative
420 MADISON AVE. New YORK. N. Y.
CHICAGO - BOSTON - L03 ANGEL“ - SAN FRANCIECO

THE NEWS BOARD

SOPHIE Woazox . .  .. Editor—in-Ohief
DAVlD B. SMITH .  . . ., ., ..   Managing Editor
ROBERT E. Han'rwm . Associate Managing Editor
EDGAR B. O'HonA ..  .. . Associate Managing Editor
JEAN STRONG   . . . Associate Managing Editor
MILDRED E. NiGHTiNGALH . .. . Business Manager
CHARLES W. GA‘I'LORD .. . . Advertising Manager
VICTORIA A. BlLZl   Circulation Manager

THE NEWS STAFF

William Ryan  Men’s Sports Editor
Charles Franklin Assistant Sports Editor
Associate Editors

Ramona Van Wic Albert Architzel Joyce Maycock
Charles Ettinger Charles Walsh
Assistants to Business Board
Assistant Business Manager ............... ..Grace Castiglione
Assistant Advertising Manager ...................... ..Joan Byron
anmess Staff
Doris Parizot, Marcia Brown, Kenneth Haser, Harold
Haynes, Robert Cogger, John Newstead Mary
Gabriel, Elga Schiavi, Harriet Sprague
Reporters

Florence Adler, Caleb Augustine, Betty Bunce, Gia—
cinta Capuana, Robert Cogger, Margaret Collines,
Sadie Flax, Bernice Freymeyer, Virginia Elson, Saul
Greenwald, Eloise Hartmann, Otto Howe, Yvette Hy-
man, Leonard Kowalsky, Hilda Kronovlt, Fred
Kurkhill, William McCraken, Robert McKenzie, Thel-
ma Miller, David Minsberg, Jean Mitchell, Arthur
Phibbs, Louis Rickman, Lillian Rlvklnd, Savia Scu—
maci, Blossom Schwartz, Miriam Shapiro, Helen Smy-
kla George Stangler, Barbara Van Patten, Jane
Wilson, Sally Young, Wilbur Valley.

Smo/ee, but no Fire

Well, we went to the bonfire! We ar-
rived at 8:00 o’clock, ten minutes prior to
the scheduled beginning. On the appointed
moment, the fire was started. As the wood
blazed, the college songs were sung—~nice-
ly, with no particular enthusiasm.

As the fire increased in intensity, the
freshmen, sophomores, juniors, and seniors
stepped fui-Iher into the shadows. Then
came cheers and more singing. Everything
was done in a well-ordered fashion (except
for one song that kept cropping up during
every lull).

Everything was well-ordered. T h at
was the point. People attending a bonfire
should be at the height of some emotion.
A bonfire should not be there for a result
to be gained from it; it should or a result.

Let it be understood that this is not a
slam at what was done last Saturday night.
It is what was not done that caused that
affair to be so insipid. Speeches, humorous
preferred, for such an informal gathering,
could have improved everything greatly.

A history of the bonfire at State (lol-
legc reveals that it first came as a .\'/)()Itl(l)t-
com get-together between the freshmen
and sophomores for the purpose of
“burying the hatchet.” it was the end of
mascot hunt, and the rivalry spirit of both
classes was at topmost pitch. A spur-of-
thc-momcnt decision sent everyone scurry-
ing for Wood. The ['n'ogram consisted of
“come What may,” and cverylmdy had a
hilarious time, it was such a soccess that
it wus decided to make it a tradition.

(Ian an emotional outburst be timed
and executed with faultless order to make
it a tradition? Saturday’s answer seems
to be in the negative. if the purpose was
to increase friendships, the bonfire was a
d ism al failure. One came with one’s
friends, sang, ran around in a very serious
snakedance, and departed for home with
one's same friends.

Freshmen probably think that this is
indeed a Staid College for Teachers.

 

 

Lectures and Laxity

 

 

 

 

COMMENTSTATER

The class of 1941 has been subjected to so many
lectures and speeches lately, that we hesitate to com-
mentstate at any length in their direction. We feel,
however, that it would not be superfluous at this time
to drop a word of advice. Activities day saw a fine
group of freshmen turn out and signify their interest
in State's various activities.

We sincerely hope that this show of interest will
mean more than just another signature on a scrap
of paper. State college has an extensive extra-
class program that is designed not only to provide
recreation for its students, but also to afford them
such training and experience so as to enable them

 

 

 

 

to act as faculty advisors to any club or organization
they may be asked to proctor after they have entered
the teaching field.

Watch the vas and the bulletin boards for no-
tice of a meeting of any activity you have signed up
for and make a date with yourself to attend. Pay
your dues and do your part toward making that
organization a better one.

at ill >i-‘ *

We glanced around the assembly last Friday to
see how many took advantage of the fact that no
attendance record was taken and received the cus-
tomary shock at the laxity shown by State upper-
classmen in attending these gatherings.

These weekly assemblies are college appointments
that should be respected and treated the same as
any other class meeting. Attendance, all other ideas
to the contrary, is compulsory and each absence is
carefully recorded against the name of the absentee.
Although State college has no “cut” system, there is
a limit to the number of absences allowed each stu—
dent . . . as a few of Dean Nelson’s visitors can testify.

On the other hand, there is also the advantage
of being excused from the formality of handing in
written excuses for absences all during the following
semester if you have a minimum of absences through-
out the present semester.

Assignment of assembly seats will be posted on
the main bulletin. Find out where your seat is and
occupy it each week.

 

Appointment Bureau

 

 

The Appointment Bureau interviews which will be
conducted soon are now a puzzling matter to most
students. Their sole and simple purpose is to acquaint
the Appointment Bureau with the people it will have
to recommend for teaching positions.

The interview is to consist of a friendly chat in
which the individual tastes and preferences of the
seniors and graduates will be made known to the
Bureau. An anticipation of the questions to be
asked and a concise answer prepared will greatly
facilitate matters during the interview.

The Bureau’s two-fold purpose of this meeting, is,
then, to obtain relevant information and to acquaint
itself with thc seniors and graduate students.

Book of the Week:
Doctor Prefers [deals

liy Ramona Van Wic
'l‘he (,‘itndel, by A. .l. (.‘ronin

The widely esteemed medical profession goes for
an interesting and highly effective “ride” in thls
story of the young enthusiast who enters the pro-
fession, a doctor with ideals. Buffctcd here and there
by gentle, understanding Christine, who is cvur guiding
workers, Andrew Manson fllngs his ideals to the four
winds with u not profit which exceeds all his drcums,
only to find thut he is not satisfied with material
success without his cherished principles. Consc-
qucntly he does an abrupt about-flied and applies
himself to the tusk of bencflttlng mankind wlth all
the nrdor of n mun who bus at lust found his pre-
destined groove. Through it all he is watched over
by gentle, understanding Christine, who is ever guid-
ing him in her unobtrusive way toward the best outlet
for his ability.

To the reader who seeks Justification for devotion
to a cause, this novel will be truly profitable. For
the reader who seeks entertainment, the pleasing
style which Dr. ()I'oniu employs would be sufficient
justification for enjoying The Citadel.

By Edgar O'Hora

With the Red Invasion (freshman
frolickers) upon our delirious do-
main, our attention has once again
been called to the scarcity of suit-
able study salons here.

As we rambled from column to
collonadc, we found people attempt-
ing to concentrate in various nooks
of the building on our campus.
These learning [airs lay in four
main places, the library, the Com-
mons, the Lounge and the Activities
office.

In our enumeration of the pon-
dering places we will first tell of
the library. Here is the realm of
all State’s serious students. Here
we find cogitating members of all
classes attempting to concentrate
in an atmosphere filled with the
noise of rustling papers and drop-
ped books. The ceaseless chatter
of your neighbor and the never
ceasing influx and departure of sur-
ious and supcrcilious scholars causei
even the non-irritable genius to tear

 

, Commons. Here, your reporter

his pate. Also the excessive warmth
causes many a diligent drcnmI-r and
many a dithering dolt to catch tip
on last night's non-existent napping.

Beneath the library we find the
proletariat's perpetual paradise, the

seated himself and started to apply
himself to lessons. In a far corner
the ‘pangs‘ of a ding-dong ping-pong
battle and the “I made it" of a
bridge fanatic broke through my
absorption. The smoke of many
cigarettes got in my eyes and the
vocal renditions and whispering
whistles of my comrades caused me
to dash away to seek another place
to cogitatc.

Freshman Class
Nominates Officers

 

At a meeting of the Freshman
class Wednesday the following nom-
inations were made for class offi-
cers:

President, Stanley Smith, John
Alden, Barbara Ferree, Clarence
Olsen, William Clark, Catherine
O’Brien, Adele Ronan, Silvia Green-
blatt, Frederick Day.

Vice-president, Edna Austin, Dor-
othy North, Betty Parrott, Beatrice
Cower, Helen Powers, Anne Retiau,
George Hoonan, Douglas Dillenbeck,
John Alden, James Chappel, Nich-
olas Gianiania, Leslie Geitts, Blan-
che Kirchenbaum, Robert Hertel.

Secretary, Robert Mesek, Virginia
McDermott, Phyllis Ryan. Sara
Horowitz, Beatrice Schaefer. Alma
Knowles, Raymond McCrey, Tillie
Stearm, Edna Austin, lrving Smith.

Treasurer, Joseph Schwartz, Lee
Dirling, Anna Acec, Stephen Ker-
sache, Elizabeth Coltinham, Isabella
Robinson, Bella Laschinsky, l-lel—
muth Selwen, William Lust, Helen
Lasher, Eugene McNally, Rosemary
Burcher. and Rose Lison.
Appoint Campus Day’s

Sports, Stunt Leaders

Warren Densmorc, ’38, president
of the student association, announc-
ed that Student council had ap-
pointed the following us stunt
directors for Campus day; seniors,
l'ldwurd Reynolds; juniors, Dee
Jesse; sophomores, Betty Clark; and
freshmen, Cyril Kill).

The girl’s athletic director for
the day will be Christine Hershimcr,
'38, and the director of the men's
uthletlcs will be ’l‘honuis ltyun, '33.

The directors of the stunts will
choose the stunt uIId will uppoint’
committees lo usslsl. llll‘lll in propor-

 

ing it for the big event of the full,
(.‘nmpns day. The uthlclic directors
will tukc cinu'gc of all the duy's
sports including the rivalry push-
bull contests between 'he freshmmi
and sophomores.

Entertains Myskania

Dr. A. it. lirulmchor, president
of lhc college, entertained the mom—
burs of Myskunlu, senior honorary
society, at :1 dinner conducted yes—
terday in the College cafeteria.
’l‘hosc Myskunlu members who ut-
tendcd urc: lilllzubcth Appeldoorn,
lioI-othy Cain, liiohnrd Cox, Wurrcn
l)cnsmore, llcrbcrt lirooz, Jeun
liklgcumlm, Muriel Goldberg, Leslie

 

Knox, ’l‘hclma Miller, John O’Brien.

 

Sully thlun, and Sophie Wolzok.

State Students ’ Study Salons
Perplex Philosophical Peeper

 

The Lounge was found to be a
swell place where soft chairs and
davenports invited sleep but reclin-
ing restfulnrss was taboo and study
looked like a calm certainty here.
However, a piano player pounding
on the keyboard disturbed the
peaceful air of studiousness of the
place.

I had no alternative; I had to re-
turn to the Activities office to con-
tinue my work there. The locked
door, I thought, would keep out
the inquiring innocents and the
noisy nuisances. However, here the
chatter of persistent, pecking typists
annoyed my study. The raucous
razzing of the inhabitants made the
Commons seem like a Valhalla. The
smoke screen erected by the puffers
of cigarettes and other nicotine
niceties made me gasp. My quest
for study was ended: I lit my pipe
and added the haze of my peaceful
pcriquc to the turquoise shading of
the atmosphere in this den of the
Imperclassmcn.

So, if study can not be found in
the environs of the school, I decided
to wuil until dawn dapplcs the Flust
and in a solitary room 1 would
Hurpoishly pursue that well-figured
(lnmc. knowledge

 

Statesman

 

 

This Week's dirt is so thick it's
peeling off. And the Statesman goes
thicker and starts pairing off Ia
pun of sorts).

Tuppence reward for the mystery
woman of the week-seven beer Alice
who ventured forth with the Union
scavengers , . . And what is Knox
waiting for? It seems that Alla-
din's lamp went out and so he Went
looking for the last living sparks
of the bonfire . . . Last week we
mentioned Gaffncy in an end table
incident. Now, it’s Ungerer and a
mixup with lace (lollies at the EEP's
residence. This feminist movement
of the fraternities is reaching alarm-
ing proportions. KDR has invested
in some exquisitely and profusely
frilled kitchen curtains.

Close all the windows, doors, and
secret passages. The Jeep is in
town-rhold your head and pray.
This ‘dance' consists of an excep-
tional number of extraordinarily
contortionistic hops.

The usual number If ambitious
Frosh signed up for Myskahia and
Signum Laudis . . .deluded innocents.
. . . One of Life's trials-staying sober
the first week of practice teaching
when a binge is most welcome. And
when we think that all those prac-
tice teachers have to stay sober for
a semester we wonder what the art

of good fellowship is coming to
r,

C

And for our ‘it bears investigation'
department we'd like to have a ‘vic'
investigation committee to find out
if there are any new tunes or good
recordings . . . and where in the
name of the seven vales or veils
did those crimson canineering ruc-
kcteers get those mountainous and
billions huts.

llcnnlng over the backyard fence
the other upres-Inidi We learned
that the rushing offensive soon to
be put on will shame Inc Shanghai
nnplcusuntness and the Franco-
l.oy:llist difficulty no end. No holds
hurrcd.

A prominent Jlllllul' reports that
the only Why to tell the freshmen
women from the veterans is the
pilot: they set us they proceed to
classes offer the second boll rings.
Lunguoi' comes only with maturity.

Winchell department . .
in u nnmc division

What recent transfer to our l'uv-
orilc ulmu and so is being pursued
by u dnrk und hnndsoinc grnd (also
l'l‘l‘l'lli.) wuh u Mcchnn look in his
lfyl’

Note that the handsome Charles
Is bul-k on the job uguln under the
sumo old I’orcmun. And another
dcxlcrious grud is having a task
keeping his dates straight. Is it the
oath of hypocrito’s that does that
lo onc’.’

in conclusion may we ask how
many shopping days ‘Lll Xllllib‘ and
how many days before we have i).
vacation

. whut's

THE MAN 013‘ STATE

 

The
Pitchers
Box

 

 

W. D. R.

We wonder about our open-letter
of last week . . . Intramural Council,
nevertheless, has made a splendid
start . . . keep the good work up,
Pat . . . however, it’s entirely up to
these fifty contestants in the tennis
tournament as to it’s success . . . .
we hear rumors that O’Brien prom-
ises awards for the winner and run—
ner-up . you've got until next
spring to evade the issue, Johnny
. . . advise to youse frosh . . . take
advantage of this opportunity to
strut your stuff . . . especially
against varsity competition .

We've always believed two heads
Were better than none . , . i mean

 

 

one . . , the frosh buskctcers will
have plenty to be careful of this
year . . . um I right, Amyot? . . .

how about it Walkc'.’ . . .

We see that Stun Smith was the
first rncquctccr to win his match
via two love :scls . . . congratulations

. keep going . . . put the trash
on the Inin . , .

The men’s locker room is pretty
quiet these days . . . it must be the
atmosphere maybe the new
paint job, ch Simmons? . . . or is
rivalry called off, Kclly'.’ . . , who
built the bonfire last Saturday night
on pitcher's box . . . no not on this
“box” . . . the one back of the dorm

. . yes, Gaylord probably used this

box" to light it . , . he’s on the
News stall" . . , nice, guy . . . did
you recognize the tall muscle-mun
heaving “trees” on the bonfire . .
you’re right . . . it was Pcattie . . .
developing that throw to second . . .
Green ran around a lot for the
amount of work he did . . . maybe
he's going to be the dark horse in
cross country...could you use him,
Bud , . . by the way . . . we hear
DeRusse will be collecting a few
more meets this fall . . . the whole
varsity cross country team is back
. . . back where? . . . no, not in the
woods . . . oh, wise guy, ch? . . .

Say chum, . . . when is fresh bas-
ketball practice gonna begin? . . .
there's plenty of frosh rearing to go
. . . Junipers have one locked up , . .
by the looks of some of the frosh . . .

well, . . . who said coachmg was a
"snap"? . . , no, you've got me wrong
again . . . I don't mum Mr. Hat-

field’s coaching course . . . keep
your eyes on Walko and Amyot
during those frosh tilts when the
scoreboard reads 60-2 . . , in whose
favor? . . . why, . . . no I really can't
say myself.

We regret the loss of Hank Taylor
. . , he proved 21 good man on M. A.
A. Council last year . . and you of
the class of '40 were truly repres-
elilcd . . . His cheerful presence will
surely be missed by those of us
who knew him . . . and who didn't
know him '.’ . . .

A flush of red . . . u flash of red

. whatsit? . . . don't blush boys
it isn‘t red l'lnnncls . . it's just
the fresh going to Beverwyck ex-
hibiting shivering torsos in their
new crimson truck punts . . .

'l‘hc frosh . , u tip . . . sturt
Innscylng nroqul . looking for
beef and brown for the coming
push-bull contest . . . and don't look
for the beef in the Anncx's sund-
chhcs , . . them dnys is gone for—
ever . . .

We Wonder when the sophs will
tench tllc frosh how to use the
showers? . , , the locker room is so
clean now und showers lil‘o free

why nol ellIninulc ll. ()3! , . . we
held lhnt u ccrtuin i'rcslnnnn is
"sporting :I ‘lnchc” . . (lrccnwuld,
Is not clipping lime well over—do?

of course, We go by lust ycnr’s
cull-lulul' , we would like to know
it Arnold l'l‘l'l‘lVl‘ll n threat from lhe
l'rosli or was the muslin-ho just
Ill'liy.

ll‘I'oIn ull reports llIc l’l'osh schis-
dnlc is unylhlng bul "wcuk'" . .
HpI-ncl- llilh‘ done it good job Well
wilh Mounl l’lcusunt us no opener
two licudu will l'l‘l‘llillll_.’ be big
hcuds il .yl-s, if the l)orpluns
run lrur lo l'orni . . . Noll ’l‘crruco
und (‘ ii. A. will clusll With lhe
l'rosh uguin llllh your , tho cluss
ol 'lei still curry vnguc memories of
lhosc lwo lills Scheneoludy
Vlil‘llllillllll is u newvomcr to u Stulc
fresh schedule.

M. A. A Welcomes ull transfer
students into its fold . . you frosh,
too.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, OCTOBER I, 1937

M. A. A. Intramural Sports
To Commence October 4

Tennis Contest
Discovers Stars

Freshmen—Material Will Give
Strong Support to Varsity;
Calm Heads Squad

State's annual tennis tournament

has already swung under way with
Monday being set as the deadline
for the completion of the first
matches. Fifty racqueteers have
entered the tournament which will
be carried over into next spring.

This extensive program, and ex-
ample of the splendid work of the
Intro-mural council, will necessitate
the running off of the preliminary
matches this fall and the finals in
the spring.

The tournament already discloses
probable varsity material in a fresh-
man, Stun Smith, who began his
career with two love sets. However,
his engagement with varsity com-
petition in later sets will determine
his utility.

The State squad will journey to
Drew this your to erase that heart
breaking 5-4 loss of last season
Only the best of breaks enabled the
crock doublc's team of Drew to em—
erge victorious.

Lost from Inst ycnrs varsity squad
are Captain Hurry Wheeler, Les
3.ubin, and Ed. Sabol. Harold Calm
and Will Frnment, last season’s
lead-off men will resume their posts
this season. Both Calm and Fra-
ment went undefeated throughout
lust year's campaign.

The doubles team of Calm and
Rand and Frament and Pearson, plus
last year's cxpericncc will make
State a more formidable opponent.
“Dcuc” Penny, Ed ’l‘omasinn, Jack

. Murphy and Ken Dornn, all veter-

ans of last season, will be back
again.

All those racqucteers who feel
themselves fit for varsity competi-
tion are asked to communicate with
Harold Cahn, captain elect. It
would be wise, however, for the
prospective varsity material to wait
until such victories in the intra-
mural tournament would warrant
their acceptance on the varsity
squad.

Last season State's varsity tennis
squad claimed a brilliant victory
over Bard College, but lost a de-
cision contest to R. P. I. in their
succeeding engagement. Drew Uni-
versity eked out a narrow 5-4 win
over the State racquettcrs to tor-
minate a scanty season which re-
sulted from rains and lack of
suitable courts.

The lack of courts last year pre-
sented a problem which will be
overcome this year and as a result
next spring will find the varsity
crew with u full schedule.

Slate Harriererhow
Experienced Line-up

Prospects for Stutc’s Cross Coun-
try tcnm look very favorable at
present will all of lust season‘s vnr-
sity squad returning this full.

Manager Joe l)eRusso, '33, hus
announced that a trial run with
Union has been arranged. ’iurd
and Delhi hch also been scheduled
and negotutions are being made to
mid Conn. Stutc und Hamilton to
the Teuchcrs' list of adversaries.
DeRusso expects to have 0. few more
udditions to the tentative schedule
before the full ciunpulgn swings un-
dcl' way.

Lust season the ’l‘euchcrs trum—
plcd under the Delhi Aggies to the
tune of Bil-26. 'l‘ony Wilczynski, ’llli,
in lending the Slulc hurricrs lo vic-
tory l'UVl‘l'l‘ll the 214 mile route in
“$243.

Slutc unncxcd Ils second win of
the season lust full when they trnv~
l'll,‘(l to Annundule to out-ruco the
llurd runners Jill-2:5. Bud lluyncs,
'lm, shuttered the i 1 mile record set.
in 19:52 by breezing lln'ough in 28:12.
Tony \VllI-zyuski mine but on lluy-

‘ ncs‘ heels lo cluim second photo

quI-I-ls.

A inccl willi lhc spoedy (Ioblcsklll
Agglcs wns postponed lust scuson,
illlll tllo Slule hurricrs are looking
fol-word with hot unticiputlon for n
clush this your.

Vurslly men of lust your return~
lug urc: Cupluln liurold lluynes '38,
Munugcr Joe licliusso ‘38, lild. licy-
nolds ’lill. Jimmy Johnson '38, Tony
Wilczynski Jill, Wnlt Russ 'lill, und
ll‘l'lllllf ltickmun '40. Prospective
cundidulcs are; Louis Frunccllo '40,
Steve Smwiowski "ill, Duvo Mins-

 

berg, '40, and Wall Kllmcr, '41.

 

 

Fall Season

Mohawks
And
Mattresses

 

 

B. C.

A. A’s fall season opened with a
fanfare and loud cheers this week
accompanied by a. frosty flourish
from 01' Man Winter.

Twenty-nine hardy souls turned
up for the initial hockey session
one cold, cold afternoon. While the
veterans brushed up on their drib-
bling and lunging, the beginners
were given instruction in the art
of wielding the stick by Dot Mac-
Lean, '39, captain. Our hockey fac-
tion is getting all peppcd up at the
prospect of a practice game with
the Mohawk Hockey Club tomor-
row morning at Beverwick Park.
The Mohnwk Raiders are physical
education instructors and coaches
from nearby schools, and they will
be coached by Wilhcmcnu Mcisincr,
well-known hockey enthusiast.

Archery rates nearly as high as
hockey with A. Acrs. for twenty-
sevcn of ’cm appeared for the first
meeting. Marion Keables made the
first Bull's eye of the year. Quick on
the draw, We'd say !

Juniors and Seniors!! Do you
want to get away from it all? Here's
your chance! October 8, 9, and 10
will be a weekend for you exclusive-
ly~ nobody else admitted a—tail.
And Phyllis Arnold, ’39, informs us
that Camp Johnston has acquired
sixteen new inner—spring mattresses!
So, now you needn't worry about
losing your beauty sleep.

In case the freshmen haven't
heard, every member of Student
association can become an active
member of A. A. by completing one
sport, and there are class numerals
for those who stick by a quartet of
them for the required time. Here’s
luck!

 

 

 

Page 

J

 

 

The fall intramural program for
men will open Monday, October 4,
with touch football, according to
John O'Brien, ’38, president of M.
A. A. The program consisting of
outdoor sports, will extend as long
as weather permits—until wind and
snow drive State’s athletes indoors.

Touch football, softball and soccer
will be played in the new field in
back of the dorm. The only caution
regarding the field is that players
try to avoid the baseball diamond
on the Northwest corner of the
area. Equipment for these sports
will be found ready at the dorm.
The manager of each sport is to
see to that.

Touch football will make its ini-
tial appearance of the season this
Monday. The schedule for games
places matches in this sport every
Monday at 3:45. If enough players
are in existence, the games will be
played between classes. A special
privilege will be given to the sen-
iors, because of the comparatively
few number of men in their class,
they will be allowed to pick up men
from other classes. At least one
round robin tournament is planned,

Softball will also be run on a class
basis. Games will occur each Wed-
nesday of the week at 3:45, and
will consist of seven innings. Be-
cause of the space allowed on the
dorm field, it will be possible to run
off two games at once and thus
keep all four classes playing at the
same time. A senior-faculty game
is also planned this fall, although
no definite day has been set.

Soccer makes its debut Friday at
3:45. Because interest in the sport
will probably be small, there will be
no interclass competition. Teams
will be picked up at the field.

It is planned that horseshoes and
volley ball games be played off of
the campus, off the Washington

 

avenue side of Hawley library.
Horseshoe equipment will be avail-
able at any time to players for sev-
eral days before the matches will
take place. Volley ball equipment
will also be near at hand on Thurs-
day. It is requested however that
they be placed near the broad jump
pit so that the campus will not be
disturbed. Teams for this sport
will also be pick-up affairs unless
general demand desires a broader
scope.

Several men have already signed
up for a golf tournament to be con-
ducted on the Municipal golf course.
Play will be free. At least ten men
must be willing to join in or the
tournament will not take place.
They must have their signatures on
the slip on the men's bulletin board
within a week after its posting.

The big experiment of the sea-
son is probably the endeavor to
establish cross country squads in
the various classes. It will be the
first time that this sport has oc-
curcd as other than a varsity affair
at State. A course has already been
marked out in Washington Park for
those wishing to use it. Here, again,
the men will have an opportunity
to show their desires in keeping a
new event in the actual running.

A word of caution has been urged
by Patsy Miranda, ‘38, manager,
of intermurais regarding the use of
apparatus. Those people who use
any equipment are requested to
replace it after use so that it will
not be mislayed. Another point
which cannot be stressed too much
is that of support. Unless the pro-
gram is given the maximum of
attention it cannot be carried out
thoroughly. The objective of intra-
murals is to interest every man in
some form of athletics and the
program has been planned with that
aim in mind.

 

  

It’s the College Choice

over any two others combined

A Wholly New and Superlative Model
of the Revolutionary Sacless Pen
—Parkcr’s Speedline V acumatic .'

Slop today at any good pen
('ounl er and sec Parker’s lnlcsl and
greatest nchicvcmcnl—lhc Parker
Spccdlinc Vncumulic. A princely
new model of the Pen lhut does

what no olhcr pen can do.

Here’s 11 new Illl~limc high in ink
captivity, ycl size reduced to n

h‘lcllllt'i', restful Spccdlinc.

A Pen lhul shows llu: ENTIRE
ink supply—shows when lo rclill
——hcncc one that never runs dry

in ('ltlh‘St‘S or cxums.

The World's snuu'lcsl slylc-
I’ui'kcr's cxclnsivc luminulcd l’cul‘l

uud Jet—wholly original.

' e VACUMATIC 

was...

And not merely modern in style,
bul modern also in mechanism. Its
revolutionary SACLESS Din-
phrugm Filler radically departs
from curlicr lypcs, whether they
have n rubber ink one or not. A
pnlcnlcd invcnlion—GUARAN-
TEEI) mcchnnicully perfect.

Once you try this pedigreed
Bcuuly, with its marvelous
Scl'nlclul’roof Poinl, you’ll feel
sorry for anyone who doesn't huvc
il. Gound accund try it loduy.’l‘hc
Purkcr l’cn Co., Juncsvillc, Wis.
Mnimrsul Quin/i, Hm now pun-ulnar:-

I'nﬂ writing III/I. lac, MI: and up.

QUARANTIID M ECHANICALLY PERFECT
Pens, $5, $7.50, $8.75, $l0. Penclls to match, $2.50, $3.50, $3.75, $5.

 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  

HOLDS 102% MORE INF
nun oun rmous ouorow

qu
lbw
“Ml
I51"

 :bwwassL ’ A ..

 

