 

 

Page 2

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, MARCH 19,

 

State College News

Established by the Class of 1918
The undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
College for Teacrers

 

Published every Friday of the college year by the News
Board representing the Student Association

Telephones: Oﬂlce. 5-9373: Gumner. 2-0424: Dexter,
2-4314: Sold. 2-0701: Gaylord. 2-4314

Entered in second clan matter in the Albany, N. Y., partaﬂice

 

THE NEWS BOARD

HARRY T. Gunmen.....................Editor-in-0hief
Faun E. Dax'rua....................Managing Editor
WARREN I. DENSMORE . . . . ..Assooiate Managing Editor
DAVID B. SMITH...........Assooiate Managing Editor
SOPHIE WOLZOK. . . . . . . . . . . .Associaie Managing Editor
LAURITA Sum). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .aninass Manager
CHARLES W. GAYLORD............Adve1‘tisillg Manager
MILDRED E. NIGH’I'INGALE . . . . . . . ..0irculalion Manager

 

THE NEWS STAFF

CHARLES N. MORRIS....................Sports Editor
HELEN CLYDE....... . . .  . ..Womcn's Sports Editor

Sophomore Desk Editors
Charles Ettinger, Robert Hertwig, Edgar O’Horn,
Jean Strong, Charles Walsh

Associate Editors
Elizabeth Gooding, Mary Lam, Robert Margiseu,
Virginia Steel, seniors: Muriel Goldberg,,
Ramona. Van Wie, juniors

Assistant Sports Editors
Charles Franklin, William Ryan, Clement Wolff

Business Staﬂ”
Business, Grace Castiglione, Roland Waterman; adver-
tising, Joan Byron, Gordon ’I‘abncr; circulation,
Victoria Bilzi, Margaret Hora, June Palmer

 

Pmum in! Beam PRINTING 00., Inc, ALBANY, N. Y.

ISSUE EDITOR
Sophie Wolzok

 

 

 

Are We Men or Mice?

With another Student association business
meeting scheduled for today’s assembly it seems
pertinent, at this time, to remind uguiu the
students of the college of the advisability oi"
[mowing what is going on in the hour between
11:10 and noon. To the great majority of
assembly seat-warmers a business mccting moans
eithe' a continuous bore or u scmi-comtortublo
pro-lunch nup. Invuriubly, thosc urc lhc pcoplc
who all longest and loudcst on any and all
faults, real and l'uncit'ul, about student gov-
ermnent.

To cite one such incidcnl, how mnny ol’ us
know more than the title oi" tho .\'nlionnl Youth
Act so passively voted down sonic \vccks ng‘o."
The act, perhaps rndicul, lind mnny nolubly
worthy and progressive idcns which could huvo
been discussed.

We will be silling in tho buck row. us usuul,
patiently wailing, hoping for lhul slill'cniug ol'
lhc spinc, lhul ulorl, look, lhul glonmiug cyo
which comcs to him who is inlcrcslod. Will
your eye glcum '.’

Is It Practical?

An innovation in Slnlc collcgc's oulcrluin-
mcut solququ omcrgos lonighl in lho guiso ol'
lhc All-Slulo dunoc ul lhc .\lumui Ilcsidcncc
hull.

Hlulc collcgc lovos lo duucc. and lhc l'our big
class duncos oi’ lhc your urc wclI nlloudcd nml
grculiy cnjoycd. Il‘our duuocs, though. sprch
out ovcr lhc culirc collogc your cunuoi sock lo
covcr rust spnccs oi' “lu-bolwocu" limo. 'I‘o
(Into, tho only rcmcdy bus boon lhc sororily or
l’rulcrnily “vio. party", which ul host is bul in
small, sclccl. gulhoriug. 'l‘ho big clnss duin'cs,
moroovor, nrc also quilo cxpcusivc and prohibit
the attendance of lhosc who colllll cusily conic
whcro the cost. oi' the bid is loworod so us just
to cover minimlzod oxpcnsos, ycl providc nu
orchestra and the general utmosphorc common
to an important college i’unction. Inl‘ormul ul-
liro. will also serve greatly in bringing tho cosl
gently down to rock bottom, as will lhc luck of
nocossity oi.’ taxis and ﬂowers.

Student council, then, is giving us an ideal
siluution, but it depends upon the onliro slu~
dent association to dccide whether the him is
Utopian or practical.

 

 

Where Two Boards Are
As Good As One

 

 

Commentstater

In a recent debate in student assembly the side which
argued that the Lion and the Echo should be consoli-
duted was nwurdcd the decision. That’s all very well
for u debate where the decision rests upon the merits
of the individuals debating but whether their victory
should be the basis for legislation to put this plan into
ell‘cct is a question.

While it is readily admitted that both the Lion and
lhc Echo could be greatly improved, it is very doubtful
that the enactment of such legislation would bring
about the desired eil’cet.

It doesn’t take any great amount of intelligence to
realize that the result of consolidating these publica-
tions would be a combination of the features of each,
particularly when the same people would be responsible
for the publication of the new magazine. There would
he seven issues of one magazine instcud of seven issues
of two. There would be humor and litcrulurc, and in
all probability the umount oi.‘ each would not be greatly

chungcd. * * * *

The proposed plun has nlrcudy been tried in otth
colleges uml it has either failed or has been :1 vcry
doublt’ul success. The difficulty with which one is con-
t'rontcd in trying to write literature about a college is
very obvious. Literature is literature and you urc.
gctling just us much uud just us good literature in the
li‘clio now us you couhl possibly get in any othcr
mugnzinc.

’I‘hc complnint which seems to bc sot up uguinst the
Lion is ﬁnd it docs not conluin onough original humor
and lhut whut it does contain is not gcrmnin to State
collcgc. This is justiﬁed to 11 certain extent but one has
n hurd time trying to reconcile this complaint with
another put forth by the some dcbutcrs. They held the
center sprcnd ot' the latest issue of the Lion up to
ridicule as 11 “Society Page” and this was undoubtedly
the portion of the magazine which most concerned Stale
collcgo.

% it as it

I‘crhnps it would be u better ideu to burn the people
who would propose such Icgislutinn lcnd n helping hund
to the publications in question rather than debunk nt
cvcry possible opportunity. There is no doubt that such
11. spirit ol’ coopcrution would ultimately result in better
tooling ull nround and would be of considorublc udvnn-
lugo to both nulgnzinos.

 

Appointment Bureau

 

 

 

 

Personal Interviews

With lho pcrsonul inicrvicw incronsing in imporlnncc
us lhc mclhod of hiring tonchcrs in Now York slnlc,
it is imporlunt lhul cvcry scnior uml grnduulo looking
for u position shouhl bc cognixnnt ol’ lhc lcchniquc
ol’ inlorvicws.

'I‘hc iii-st. lhng to chock up on bct'orc going to un
inlcrvicw is your porsonnl upln-nruncc. ’l‘hc point cnu-
nol bo slrossod strongly cnough lhul scuiors und grqu
ulcs should bo groomod I'or nu iulcrricw .'II ull linn-s.

Ih' chccrl'ul bol'oro nu inlcrricw. Don't worry uboul
it: you'yo ll|l‘l pcoplc bol'ol‘c.

In lhc inlorvicw, bo courlcons und poiscd.
ol' Illlllllll‘l'Ih‘IlIH such us lllpplllg your tool or lugging

Iio l'lII'I‘IIIIl
ul your ring. I|u\c conlidoncc in ymu'scll', und hun- iI
lil‘czlllnl' you know your uppcnruncc is good, nnd bc
cnusc you know whnl you :irc going lo any.

How much should you lulk'.’ ll III'lII‘IllIh on nIn-lln-i'
lhc iulclwiowcr likcs to do lho lulking or hu\c you
lulk. \ll.“ up your principul, und ucl :iccnl'dingly.

.\s to tho coun-I'suliou, :1 good thing to bc prcpnicd

on is u l<uonh~dgc ol' lhc bi-sl lc\lbook~. :md mclhods in
\our qu‘ini' und minor liolds.
,\uswcr qucslions dil'ccliy. I'si- good I‘iuglish nol
lloncry or l'ormul, nor slung, bul Just good l'Iuglish.
.\nd romcmbci, lhc couu-rsnlion is bosl coulincd lo
commculs on things, not on pcoplc.

Il' gncu lhc iqiporlnuily lo slmkc hunds. do in)
l‘ is lhc principan pri\ilcgc, honoyor, lo Illlllll‘ Ibo
gcslurc. 'l’hc luindshukc should bc u umnly ouc. no
compnnn-d by u judicious smilc. I.cu\'c lhc inlcr\in~\\‘
on lhc upnurd lrcnd mnkc lhc pulling in plcusnul onc.

\\'bul urc Ill’lllclpllln looking I'oI' in tho pl‘in'i'ss ol'
inim\ic\\ing" Iuvcslignliou would loud n» to Iu'lII'\I'
lhul lhc chicl' qnnlilics, lislcd roughly in lhc ordcr nl'
impoi'luncc, ni'c (In-so: physicul lilin-ss, pcrsouulily.
uppcnruncc, Volvo, cullquI buckground. scholurwhip, good
luslc 'n dross und grooming, rcsourccl'ulncss, lucl,
lulcl'csl iu cliilull‘on, lind I‘Iuglish iisugl'.

I l I I :I

.\ numbcr ol' scniors nnd grququ sludculs luno nol
\cl lillcd in lhclr rll'hodlllo curds in lho .\|quoinlnn-nl
As u rcsull, sludcnls IlllH' misscd now
(in your

Ilurcun olllcc.
pcclcd inlcr\ic\\'s during lhc lnsl l'cw wccks.
schcdulc curd in lhc burcnu olllco you should indicnlc
your nsnnl wln-rcnlmiils dining nil \ncnnl pol'ludu
(indicqu ('ommous, grndunlc room, Ilouh-vurd, librnl'y,
homol clc.) nu n'cII us lhc room numbci’s oi' ull your

l'Ilthl'S.
k I I I N

Hludcnls who wish to liml lhc mum-s ol’ principals
nnd schools will lind complclc inl’ormnlion in Ilcgi-nls
Ilnndbook 1H. 'I‘lic .'\p|IUllIIllll‘llI Ihirouu bus u copy oi‘
this uruilnblo for slmlcnl use, us has lhc collcgo
Iihrnry.

 

 

The week’s saddest comment:
night and then the bi
season.

The week’s bouquets:

that won the applause and coopcr
t in Friday "s assembly. To Dircctors Zubrcs and Nclbuch

orclicstrz

State’s Stage

Melodrama, Tragedy, And Fantasy-Comedy
Three Good Plays and True

PLAYGOER
There’s only one more Tuesday
g play to go in the Advanced ,l)rumutics

 

To Dircctor (‘rislt, for u mchuh'umu

ution oi’ gallery, loge, und

for productions that captured nn npprcciutivc ’I‘ucsduy night

uudicncc. To the whole Ad 'unccd
I)runnltics class and their sides in
acting and stngccrut’t for continued
improvement in tho url of pluy pro-
duction.

l- l- i {-

hIiss ('rist’s play was an cxccllcnt
choice for an usscmbly production”
u rollicking mclodrumn alwuys tukcs
cll’oct with u largo mixed nudicncc,
cspcciully when cast and produced as
wcll us this one was.

Mr. Kelly and Miss Schlick wore
both at their best, playing comody
rolos so well suilcd to their purlicnlur
ubililies. Every lnchmont, cvory
tone of voice, every bit of pnnlomimc,
seemed quite pcri’cclz.

I’unl Dittmun und Virginiu IIull
dosorvcd the nppluusc lhcy rcccivod
for their cmbrucc. Try it yoursclt'
sonic limo in i’roni.‘ ol’ u lhousund
pcoplc. 'l‘hcir costumes and bearing
mudo lhcm tho pcri’ccl hero and
Ill‘l'()I.ll(‘.

(lcorgc (Ilcuson wns ullcmpling to
be u littlo too suuvc und sophisli-
culcd to III his own ubilitics. IIis
mnkcup wus cxcollout nnd ho lriod his
bcsl'; howcvor, wo l'oll. that he ovcr
(lid his rolo. Mr. Arthur pluycd his
purl woll; his chnruclcr sccmcd more
unlhoulic lhun mnny ol" his rolos
huvo boon.

'l‘hc sct tor the pluy wns good loolc
ing, und dill’orcnt. ’l'hc cll'ccl ol’ thc
corncr ol’ u rooln wus u rcliol' l’rom
lhc nsuul lhrcc wulls.

'I‘hc origiuul :inuuuncomcnl bol'oro
Ibo pluy guvc us on nulhcnlic idcu
ol’ tho corking pcrl’ornuincc wc wcro
lo sco. ’I‘ho musicul cl'l'ccl.s uddcd lo
lhc spirit ul’ lhc old l’ushioncd un-lo-
drumu.

ﬂ * X‘ it

\\'c hnvc boon uunoycd somclinn-s
by liugcdios involving insunily bo
ruusc lhc scrcums uud lcnsonoss ol’
lhc clmruclcrs wus nol ulwuys rcul.
Wc woro nol unnoyod by Miss
Zulu‘cs’ pluy. ll hold us in snspcnsc.
\\'o didn't know whnl n'us going to
huppcn wc hnd gin-ww- but lhcy
n'crcn'l so good.

Miss .Ii-ssc did u lino piccc ol' norh
m :1 [inc wc hu\c no! such bcr lry
in'I'ol'l'. IIl'I'

slnriuy‘r cycs, monotonous \uicc. :Ind

inccssuul rocking.

quick ulowun-uls, In'Ipcd mqu :i
~uxpcn~c lhnl no rcully did l'cI-l.

\Iiss .\ppcldonl'll did it good IIII‘V‘I'
ol' niuk, :llllu‘Hl'Illu u lilllc mun-
imlui‘ul lhuu \lr. Ilillmuu.

Miss \i-lbucli's
\\il\ n.|l .‘ll’Il‘il, ncll din-clcd.

l'uulusy comcdy
sop...-
ol‘ high ||Iil|l"I l'oi' us nu» lhv linul
sliii Illl‘Illl'i' nl' lin \Ilss I'lIIII'I\ :iud
\Il‘. I\’ill'lil'll nll IIIl' \IIIIII llu’ I'IIIIII
:lllll pim- pl'mlnccd .‘l piclnlc ol' :1 \n-
loiiuu purlor wcuc IN'IIl'I' lhuu most
\\I' bun- \i'l'll.

\Ir. l\':irp.-u's nholc :1pIII-:il‘:iuci-,
bcuilng uud \|lI|‘l' cumbiucd In lil
Illlll p-d‘l'cilly for his pull. \I:i\ n.
ulgc him lo II'_\ out for l'urlhci' purls
on Nulc's *illlul‘. \\'c likcd \Iiw
I'illli‘l'\, nnd l‘\II‘l|lI lhc hopc lhul \h‘
muy mo hcr m-l ugnin.

MI. Holly, ol' courw, is ol' l'lriu'»
«lock, :iud did his Ill‘II ncll. Miss
liuyl'ord‘s brong nus gonuiuc; Illl
l'unlusy puil~. conl'nsi-d is n lilllc,
bnl lhc plny nus lnbcllwl n l‘uulun
I'llllll‘ll)’. ‘

I I A it

.\d\nnccd lh‘uumln-s II|'\|'I'\l':wl'll'lIlI
l'or progrcss in lhc ni‘l il' dugccinl'l
\\'c liki- lln- sols lln-y cuu do, IIu'
lighliug nnd sound cl'l'ccls lln-y pro
llIIl‘I'. Wi' IIlIII' lilll' dclirlclli‘y
liming. Light chuugcs und rurluin
nrc imporlnnl purls ol’ n play. l.cl’s
burn it lilllc moro incchuuicul i-l'll
cicncy, cluss.

IilII'I't'II. .iuuc

 

bean’s List Names
197 Honor Students

((Woiliuucrl from page I, (Yolumn 'l)

lilbblc. Junct .\iollonkopl‘, Wm.
lmnVito, A.
Duvnll, Marcus Nutoll. .loscpli
li‘lrsl, Sophlc Oprunily, llclcn
ll‘ormnu, I’crcy
l'nngbnrn. Marjory
(lill‘ord. I‘lllu l’nrshull, Idzollo
lioldbol‘g, .\IlII‘h-I
Ulcuson, \I'Illnrd llolsslg, Ilnrold
llingroso, I"|orcucc
Ilnycs. l'lhlu Hyun. ’l‘homns
Ilol'l‘mnn, Ruth
lInntcr. Dorothy Scliurick, ltulh
Sin-oily. Murthu
Smith. Mury .l.
Sit-wurl, Murlol
Slrnllucr, 1..
Sulllvnn. (‘occliu

lrvls, Kirkland

.lcnks. llcrlrudo
.loscl'ck, Annu

’l‘ukncs, Murgnrot
'l‘hompson, llulh
'I‘obln, Mary E.

Klncs, Mildred
Knoll. .Il'h‘HIl'lI
liornmcyor, .\I.
Kurkhlll, lloso
\Voslovcr. A. It}.
Idbnmn, l‘hurloltc Wclmlllcr. licrthn
Willlums. liwoncirn
.\Ic(‘nrlhy. Iiclcn Wood, llcrlhu
.llucliougnll, Idu
Mnncy, llcnrlcllc
Miller, l~1lslo anklud, li‘lorcnco
(‘LASH OT“ 1030

.v\rchll'/.ol. Albort. Kohrlg. l<'rnnklin
Arnold, I‘Iiyllls King. (lllvo
Arlhur, I‘Illzubclli Knrkhlll. l"rlcdn
Austin, mmnwin lx’urlnnslk, l"unnio

llulllon, Agnes I.I-cso. .losoph
lioiisdnlo, llichurd
Puss, llnlh
(‘oppollnu. Sum Mnclioun. Ilorolliy
Moluusou, .1. Id.
Ilnvls, Edith
bolnn. lh-llu
liormuu, .iohn
Iiowm-y, lIull

ll‘llonncll. Mnry
I‘okursky, llulh
Iv‘ox, l‘hurlollc III-clor, Adounn
li‘uroy. \‘lrgluiu
Schullz. .lnnc
llossolln. .lonnno Sinoroy. llulh
lirosslnun. Mulrlnu Spnrncluo. Mnry
tlnrncy. .lnnct
'l‘orrcns. \\'i||lum
Ilnlplu. Mury ’l‘ynun. llunlou
IIlllisi'll. .\l|i~oll
llnppcl. [(nlhryn
Ilul'l. I‘cll'l'
Ilnyl'ord, lh-lly

\\'ciss. Sylrln

\\'hilo, I'lmlly

\\'llc7.ynskl, .\.
lhlcr, Suul

'/.cmnu, III'II‘II

FLASH IN" Hill)
|.uuc. \'l\'lI-um-

.Iossu. I'iillill

llron'n. Mnrclu

AIi'I‘lIw, .\I:II‘I:|II
l'niic. I‘lllzubolh
(‘ulli-n. lirncc l‘cullh-. l‘hnrlcs
I'ossun. Ilurulliy
Illinblc. I'Ib-uuor

Sclin‘nrl‘n. llloswlli

lllson. I'llcnnol' Hullhuu. liilu

'l'bulupwu, Ii.
’I'omusmu, l-Ldn'.

I‘lnk. Louis
l"lu\. Sunliv

Ilnrpi-r. \\:IIII'I'
lluriumnn. I'lllllm‘
Ii_\mnn. \\‘i-ll.-

\'un lx'i-nrcn. I).

linrln-n. Itolu-rl \\'n.~i|cwsl.i. .lohu

Soiree Bids Go On Sale
Week After Vacation
Ilids l'oi' Hopluuuorc Hoircc \\ill go
on --:|Ic lhc |iI'>I ncch :il'lcr lhc Inuslcr
\:lv:ll||l|, .icI-ordiug In :in uuuuuncc
l'lirislim- Ado», gom-rul
I'IIJlEIIIIIII 'I‘lny \\lll Inc u\:|ilublc iII
loom .\ ol' IlI‘HlH‘I' lmll, und “1” cord.

mcnl by

Illll‘l' dollul‘s.

Illinin Ila-rignn null his Hningwlcrs
nili furnish lhc music for lhc c\cnl
\\I|ll‘ll \\Ill In' lull ul lhc .\quuiu

club.

Appointment Bureau
Announces Placements

'I‘hc .\|ipulllll|ll'lll burcnu unnoum'cu
lbc pluccnicul of two gruiluulc slll
dcn's and on- scnioi's during lhc pusl.
nook.

'I‘ln- scniol-i plnci'd urc: (icucucrn
l'nrli-y. conuncicc nl l‘oryumns; .lohll
I)l'llll, I‘llllllili‘l’i'l‘ ul Ilbncn; Lulu Muy
Ilull'oy, librul'y ul 'l‘ully; ltobcrl Mur
gison, comnn-rcc nl Yorlilown Iloighls;
and \‘Il'giniu Hiucl, I'Ingllsh nl l‘oblt!
shill.

'l‘hc gruduulos nrc I‘Ivclyn (‘ook,
'iltl, cmnmcrcc nl I“orl l’lniu; and
Mary I'l. I“l'l'gll.‘llill, ’Illl, commcrcc ul.
()ucuulu.

 

Hartwick Defeats
State Egrtsters

J. Ryan and Bancroft Feature
As Teachers Fall 42-37
At Oneonta

Siul‘c’s l’urplc und (iold cugcrs
terminuch lhc'n- 19304;? cumpuign
Inst Saturday night by journcying lo
()noontu whcrc uu uucunny‘shimling
llnrtwick (‘ollcgc quinlct snulchcd it
42—37 victory from tho 'l‘cuchcrs in
the. lust minutes ol’ lhc linul stanza.

’l‘hc .Iluliicld “Sophomore” quinlcl'
failed to click in the opcning i'rumc
and Ilnrtwick soon pnllcd out in
front. The soniors, upon rolicving
their younger lcuunnutcs, opcncd up,
.uud lcd by (loorgc Iluncrol'l thcy cut
their inlrcrsurios' udvuntugc down to
2048 at half-time.

In tho linul hull' lhc
ziggrcgulion movcd into n
loud.

The Hlnlc liro closoly guurdcd its
small :nlvunlugc nnd lhc gumc con
linncd in soc~suw l‘ushion. Ilowcvcr,
wilh loss lIiun lhrcc iuinulos to pluy
remaining I'ctrill und (‘hurch slugcd
u brilliunl cxhibilion oi' murksnmn»
ship from various unglcs to slowly
forgo uhcud.

'I‘hc scuiors i'onghl nnliringly but
in vnin in lhcsc linul minulcs. l‘up»
luin Johnny Ityun lricd dcspcrulcly
lo dupliculc his curlicr pori'oriuuuco
only to hnvc his long shots provo
“hcurl-bi'oukors". 'l‘om lurringlon
ulin pluying his lust inlcrcollcgiulo
bull gumo, showcd in lhosc nuniug
ummonls tho light which was lypicul
oi" him in ovory gnnn- In- piuyi-d l'or
lInI I’urplo und (iold. (ioorgc Iluu
croi'l in uumssing,r 1‘: points also dis-
played his ubilily which murkcd him
us “Imslu-lccr". l'hnrlic Morris n'us
lhc linul Iill'lubol' of tho quurlcl to
cm] his colh-gc buskclbull curccr.
pluying u slcmly dcl'cnsivo gumc.

IIul iicld
7-point

Fresh Win Rivalry Game

'I'ho l'l'oshlnuu girls dci'culod lhc
Inssios ol' lhc grccn uml nhilc on
\\'cdncsduy nighl. by lhc slim murgiu
ol’ ouo poinl. 'l'bc linul scorc wus l‘i
IT in fund ol’ lhc l'rosh, uml hcpl
lhcm in lhc running for lhc lno :md
onchull' points li\\’:ll'di'd lo lhc lcnm
winning lwo onl ol' lhrco cngugc
mcnls. Virginiu Milcholi nus high
scoi'or l'or lhc victorious l'rcshmcu.
und “Iiid” ilolun uml l'idilh Iluilcy
n‘oro lhc mosl succcssl'ul ol' “lhc
rnuquisIn-d”.

'1 mm W
fuzzy/ﬂoor at

of vnur
EIISTEII nounnv

Step at the

ote/ 7214/02

in new Vnrk

\Vlicn you visit New York he
ussurcd of comfort and convo-
nicncc. Ilotcl 'l‘udor is in 'l'udor
City, New York's smart resi-
dential connnuniiy. (\l the l Iuicl
'I'udor there is it delightful cock-
tuII lounge. And in 'I‘udnr City
therc are three restaurants to
choose from. 'l'heinrcs, shops
and (In: goings-on about town
are inst a few blocks away.
Daily mm: Sing/e menu, from
$1. 50; double, from $5. 50. Spain]
mics by the wcck. ()00 rim/Iwa—
em'h one an (with/v room will:
[trim/c bin".

{late/Wide:

2. blocks cast at Grand (Icnlrnl
.504 East 42nd Street

 

 

 

 

LIIII Mllrruy Ilill 4-5900 r

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, MARCH 19, 1937.

 

Canute’s Corner

Hartwick Game.
Interclass.
Rules.

 

C. N. M.

Only last weekend Fortune failed
in its express obligation to the State
college basketeers, and victory lay
with the enemy at the close of the
regular playing period. There is no
doubt but that Hartwick was on and
that the largesse of the court inter-
fered with the stamina of our basket
teasers—but still, it was a regret-
table loss. Our thoughts just won’t
be of the present; they roam into
the years to come, particularly the
next two or three, when big things
are hoped for.

Toni lini for this your. at. Icusl. is
lhc poronniul intrumurnl Icuguo; and
\‘iclors ngniu urc lhc sophomore
class not lhc sumo tcum thut won
Insl your. but lhc sumo class. To
lhcm. uloug with our i'clicitulions.
gocs lhc much iulcrcluss
bnskclbuli cup. 'I'hc only hoop gumos
oi locul iulorosl lhul I'cmuiu to bo
plziycd urc lhc 'LLII'IS‘IIUyS gumo (llhl.
how uicc!) und lhc Iroshnmusopho-
morc rivuli'y gumc. Iloth will IllIx'I‘
plum- tomorrow night us :1 purl oi
lhc Npul‘ls ('nrni\‘ul, uud both should
bc iIIIcI'csl-puckcd.

These are high times in the basket-
ball world. Gathered at Chicago
right now are coaches from all parts
of the United States bent on investi-
gating the present rules of the sport,
interpreting them further, and revis-
lug some of them. Suggestions for
revisions include: (1) Elimination of
the center lap except as a means of
starting the halves of the game. (2)
Opening the outer half of the foul
circle to the pivot play; (3) Elimi-
nation of the present face-guarding
rule; (4) Allowing offended teams to
decline the free throw penalty.

Ill" primc inlcrcsl to us is lhc dis-
l‘llsslllll ol' ccnlcr lup pluy. ’l'hc
i'mll‘lliw \olod (ll) ll lo \vipc out lhc
iump: big lcu buskclbnll will do
nilhoul it for tho coming scusou. ul
IoiI~I. \\'I"I‘o I'ol' ll.

corol cd

 

Your Pockethoii,

SPRING VACATION

WHEN YOU BUY A
ROUND-TRIP TICKET ~ B
One-Way Coil. oI
Faro Return Trip I
()nconlu $l.55 $1.25 mg
limglnunlou 2.25 1.80
Syracuse 1.95 1.00
Rochester 3.20 2.00
llul'lalo 3.05 3.20
New York 2.00 1.00
Ithaca 3.80 2.05
Richiield Springs 1.50 1.20 350

M.A.A. Will Sponsor

Intramural Contests

Underway at present is an innova-
lion in the intramural program in
tho wuy of athletic competition in
‘lhe form of n foul-shooting contest.
Entries in the contest number about
sixty and the hoop tossing is done
anytime during lhc duy but particu-
lurly in tho lulc ul'lcrnoon nndcr lhc
wulchi’ul oyc ol’ (‘ouch Ilutiield.
’l‘wcnly-livc lhron's uro ullowcd ouch
purlicipuut und shooting from :1 set
sluncc is t'orbiddcn. The combutunt
cuging lhc most free throws is the
conlicst winner.

'I‘o slnrl inuncdiulcly ui'tcr I'luslcr
rucnlion is u “21" gumc. I‘lntrics
huvc boon mudc and run still be
mudc up to Easter \‘ucnl‘ion on lhc
MAA bulletin board. IIcrc, loo, are
listed the rulcs ot’ llu- coulcsl. I‘In-
lrunls will bc puircd oil' for opening
mulchcs, winncrs movcd up u nolch
in tho bruckcting, and so on unlil n
victor is dclcrmincd.

Ilronghl to u closo ut the prcsonl
writing is tho unnuul iulcrcluss lcuguc.
\\'iunors urc lhc siqihomoros, who
showcd tcrrilic scoring power nnd un
unusutu lnrgc uniouul oi’ rcscrvc
slrcnglh in nIl ol’ lhc gumcs they
pluycd. 'I‘rmlilionully cnough, tho
i'roshnmn lcum wus quilo unsucccss-
l'ul. would-nod us it was by the coil-
ccnlrulion oi' pluying ability on tho
rcgulnr i‘rcshnuln Iomn.

Anrl \l‘l’lIL‘ wilh l’nrkcr Quint:
‘ mini! ink that driss

" Icr lhun 01.1-

. h. In: hint—-

and 25s: at any

Sucrcl. ingredient (lismlvos scdimcnl.
chL In in pen by ordinary inks.
u .

 

IIImIr by The P01ka l’cn Cm. jmmsrillc, Il'is.

 



ql

T00,tan Have A0

E KIND and gentle to your pocket
book this vacation—buy a round-

trlp Greyhound tickctl Save money go-

home—«iarcs are lowest in history.

And save still more coming back -
there's an extra 20% reduction on the
return portion at your ticket.

GREYHOUND TERMINAL
Broadway Tel. 4-0105

K.D.P. Basketeers
Defeat Potter Club

The annual inter-fraternity basket-
ball fracas, held following the ban-
quet sponsorcd'by the two fraternities,
on St. .I:‘utrick’s night ended with
Kappa Delta Rho on top with a score
of 37—32. This marks the third game
in the scrics between the fraternities
und the sccond won by K. I). 1).,
I’ol‘lcr (.‘lnb huving won lust year.

’I'hc conlcsl slurlcd oil' with u bung
wilh .I\'. I). 1'. drawing ﬁrst blood.
Ilowcvcr, 1'}. I'}. I’. scorcd nlmosl; im-
mcdiulcly. 'l‘hc bulllc ruged up and
down lhc court in in sterling display
ol’ buskolbull with u i’usl, brcuking
oil'cnsc and u stubborn dct’cnsc shown
by both sidcs. 'l‘hc scorc ul lhc hull’
was slightly in I\'. I). I’.’s favor by 1).
score ol’ Ill—ll.

'I‘hc sccond hull’ was, il’ possible,
l'uslor nml more i’urions than the ﬁrst,
with I6. 1'). I’. pulling on the pros-
:zurc lo drnw up at 3‘.’ all with two
minulcs to pIuy. By this limo lhc
onlookcrs wcro lcuring their hair in
oxcilcmcnl. ’l‘lio delirium rcuchcd
l'crcr pilch wlu-n K. I). I’. sunk two
lichl gouls and u i'onl to go uhcnd and
win by iivc points.

The high scorcrs ol" lhc cvcuing
n'orc (loorgc Iiuucrol’t with 13 points
nml Iluko licrshkowil'l. wilh 1‘3.

Page 3

Athletes Will Have
Week-end of S orts

(Continued from page 1, co mm 5)
speakers, and a pageant of G. A. A.
history. Dr. Gertrude Douglas, assist-
:mt professor of biology will speak
for the founders of the association;
IIurrict (l. 'I‘cn I‘chk, ’35, former A.
A. president, will speak for past
members; Miss Isbucllc .l'ohnston, in-
structor in physical education, and
Elizabeth Morrow, ’37, president of
tho (lirls’ Alhlotic nssociuiion, will
spcuk for tho present members.
Faculty gucsts iii the dinner include
Miss liclcn Iiull Morcland, dean of
womon; Miss Murguret Hitchcock,
instructor in physical education; Dr.
(‘uroliuc Cronsdulc, professor oi’ hy-
gionc; Dr. Millie Green, ussistunt pro-
i’ossor of hygiene; Dr. Elizabeth
Morris, professor of cducution, and
Dr. Minnie B. Scotland, nssistunt pro-
l'ossor of biology. I

The connniltccs in charge ol’ the
sports curnivul include: Gcncrnl chuir-
mun, Ilclcn (‘lydc; Assistunl chuir-
Iunn, .lohu O’Bricu; Arrungcmenls,
i'llsn Hmilh, Dorothy (.‘Inpp, Ruby
chwnrl‘, I’ublicily, Phyllis Jobson,
(‘hurlos Morris, IInrrict Sprilguc,
(lrnco Yorkcy; Women’s sports,
I‘Ilhcl billlc, billion Shapiro, Irma
Audcrson und I“run Field.

 

 

 

WI, .m .5

The Department Store of Albany That

Is Ever Anxious to Be of Service—

Meeting the Merchandise Demands of
the College Woman.

 

 

 

It Lets You SEE
\Vllen to llefill

-—hcuce won’t run. dry

in clusscs or exams

You. thousunds of sludcnte sturl
to rulc bi-dn-r whcn they rcplucc
lhcir old ' bIImI-Inu'rcl" pcns with
lhis ncw I’urkcr Vurumnlic.

'I'Iiis is bci‘uuuo it. is pcoplo who
nrc cnpublo ol' ruling Ingh who go
for Ibis I'cn in u big way. and be-
cnusr it is IIIIH I\III(I of I’cn—und
only this kiml—-—l|mt cull bring out
(In: boat that is in lhcm.

II.-l Hcl‘ulch-I’rooi Point of I’Inli-
uum uud Solid ()oId wrilcs like u
Zcphyr. Unlike pcnn that Iiidc the
ink within the burrcl, this Iumiuntcd
I'curl Ilcnuly lots you SI'IIC Iluys
AIn-nd “Ill‘ll it's running low. \thll
hold to lhc light it slums the I‘lN-
'l'lIlI". Ink Sup in—holds Ill2%
Moro Ink lliuu oId-slylc.

Il'n Ibo pcn lhul rccoivod more
\‘utcu than any olIn-r 'I‘Wl) makes
of I'cus (ll )M ITINICI) when 30 Col-
logo I’upcru uskcd 4300?) students
"Which It'll do you own?" It was
uwnrdcd I the All-Anlcrica Ilourtl
of I"oolan lo 00 nomiuces for [he
All—Amcricu 'I'rom of Will).

(in at once to any good store scII-
ing pcns and try this rcvolulionury
invcnlion. Idcniil‘y tho gcnuino
I’urkcr Vurumnlio by this snmrt
AIlIIlIW I?Iip,———lbis holds this I’m
low and SAN". in the pocket. The
I’ui'kcr I’rn (Io., Juncsvillc. Wis.

Cleans Your Pen As It Writes
lint. l‘urkcr ()umk. the new quirk-drij
ink. lnssolvrs scdhncul Icll by In-ncloggnm
inks. hlnlwa your pen u Illl‘licr or any

 

 

()th‘r""-\\'ul‘li like u churm. 15¢ and 25c.

To Star in Your School Work
BACK YOUR BRAINS WITH THE

ALL-STAR PEN

 

 ”  
‘ o/' «M +527

31 I‘ 0 I‘
§2§¥>rlﬁl ('1 141.4 '1']!
huAhAMInu Miumuiuui i'imlil
limo. i‘» l .i 3 l‘

in. i... luv in .s)

 

