  

Page 2

STATE COLLEGE NEWS !

Established by the Class of 1918
The undergraduate NeWspaper of New York state
College for Teachers

Published every Friday of the college year by the News

Board representing the student Association
Telephones: Office, 5-9373;; Wolzok, 2-6752; Smith,

3-1814; Nightingale, 2-4144; Gaylord, 2-4314
Entered as second class matter in the Albany, N. Y.
postoffice

THE NEWS BOARD

SOPHIE WOLZOK ..     Editor-in-Chief
DAVio B. SMITH    Managing Editor

Associate Managing Editor
 Associate Managing Editor

Associate Managing Editor
....... .. Business Manager
Advertising Manager
 Circulation Manager

 

   

JsAN STRONG ............... ..
MILDRED E. NIGHTINGALE
CHARLES W. GAYLono 
VICTORIA A. BlLZl 

THE NEWS STAFF
Co~Sports Editors
Charles Franklin William Ryan
Associate Editors
Ramona Van Wie Albert Architzel Joyce Maycock
Charles Ettinger Charles Walsh
Assistants to Business Board
Assistant Business Manager ................ ..Grace Castiglione
Assistant Advertising Manager... ......... ..Joan Byron
Business Staff
Lois Ferguson, Doris Parizot, Marcia Brown, Kenneth
Haser, Robert Cogger, John Newstead, Mary
Gabriel, Elga Schiavi, Harriet Sprague
Reporters
Florence Adler, Caleb Augustine, Betty Bunce, Gia—
cinta Capuana, Robert Cogger, Margaret Collines.
Sadie Flax, Bernice Freymeyer, Virginia Elson, Saul
Greenwald, Eloise Hartmann, Otto Howe, Yvette Hy-
man, Leonard Kowalsky, Hilda Kronovlt, William
McCraken, Robert McKenzie, Thelma Miller, David
Minsberg, Jean Mitchell, Arthur Phibbs, Louis Rick-
man, Lillian Rivkind, Savia Scumaci, Blossom
Schwartz, Miriam Shapiro, Helen Smykla, George
Stangler, Barbara Van Patten, Jane Wilson, Sally
Young, Wilbur Valley.

 

  
   

 

  

Freshmen!

Tomorrow is Activities day.

You have all come to State college be—
cause of your high grades in high school.
Tomorrow you will be offered a chance to
enter a different sort of life—a college life
——a life with publications, clubs, councils.
Judging you by what we were, you will not
know quite what to do.

Of course you may be one who will dis-
regard all advice on the subject of joining
activities. You may think that you can be
a person and a teacher quite perfect with-
out cooperative living with others in worth-
while extra-class work. You may end up
with A’s and a book world all your own.
Soon after you graduate you will begin to
wonder if you had been wise.

Then again, you may be full of college
lore and a haunting dread of ever being
called a “greasy grind” or “stooge.” You
will sign your name tomorrow at every en~
ticing table. You will try to “be in” every-
thing. Either you or your marks or both
will have a breakdown and you will begin
to wonder.

There is a middle road. Read your hand-
book and decide what you want to do. Plan
your extra-class activities with as much care
as you plan your academic schedule and
you can’t go wrong.

Tomorrow, ’41, is Activities day.

Faculty Friends

In summer session We took a course from
a professor who was “imported” t'rom an-
other college. ()ne day he surprised us by
telling the class to come and see him in his
office, individually. We were not failing
the course and were stunned and curious
at his request.

About a week later, with trepidation, we
made our way to this unknown. The situa-
tion was a curious one for us. The professor
acted as though he had never seen our
stupid faces peering up at him during end-
less eight o’clock classes. He began the iii-
terview by asking us what part of" the state
we Were from and t'rom that meager start
there cvolvcd an interesting chat.

Then, in u puzzled touc. he asked us why
the rest of the class had not visited him
much before this. ilc explained the system 1
existing in his univorsity. Every faculty
member was responsible for a certain num-
ber ol' students, say thirty or i'orty. Infor—
mally, these students would visit this fuc-
ulty member all through their college lives.
He was their faculty medium. lie helped
them with their schedule Worries, their
questions about courses, but most of the
time was there for just a friendly talk. The

un‘ lliuijumln l“l'(‘lll{lill"

don,

Mr. Kupliiii was no ordinary mortal.
end of the book we began to wonder, with Mr, Pni'k—
hill, whether Mr. Kiipliin might not be seine sort of

 

Seas, Cabs, anal Rules

 

 

COMMENTSTATER

Here we go again in our first attempt this semester
on the meaningless art of commentstating. Dashing
in a chaoslike state through our halls we discovered
a new class. Many have already said—"Hail—wel-
come i" We repeat parrotlike and joyously these words.

You freshman have again brought to light our ex-
cellent orientation program, one of the best that we
know of. From freshman camps to the final recep-
tions we find few colleges having better balanced ones.
Of course, many of you freshman need to drop a little
ballast or to add some to be a success (which is an
undefinable term in this college). This system enables
you to continue on an even keel through State's briny
seas. These seas are never placid and oftimes are
very salty tasting. I suppose to many that this busi-
ness of junior guides and freshman receptions may
seem like a drop in the bucket but from
previous experience we feel that this system is a stab-
ilizer for that first year when unexpected things turn
up unexpectedly. Redundancy in the last sentence
may be bad but the thought is still good.

Returning to freeshmen camps. There were gobs
of people, gobs of faculty, gobs of mud, gobs of rain,
gobs of this and gobs of that, but most of all gobs of
good fun. If any of the freshman were angry at the
‘riding' that they took from the upperclassmen then
they better be psychoanalized and correct their per-
sonality so that it will fit better with our student body.
Really, all in all the camps were turned out admirably
in spite of rains and pernicious snuffllng. Show was
expected but the sleet slid by us and left only a frigid
air and warm friendships in its place.

For men only is the title of this painless paragraph
(the editor says putrid would be the correct allitera-
tion). You upperclassmen will find the residence reg-
ulations in a changed state, No longer can you gaze
upon your beloved until one o'clock on weekend nights.
Now, you may conserve your sleep and she and thou
will look healthier when you meet the next time. The
freshmen are no doubt surprised at our liberal house
rules after hearing of the strict chaperonage and
early hours enforced at so many other so called liberal
arts colleges. The no rules for men is great news for
the freshmen. The men like to feel that they are un-
scathed by rules because early in their freshman year
the men at State absorb the atmosphere of the place
and lose that razzmataz style that so many of the
high schoolish students in other colleges assume. Any-
how the frosh will soon be in the groove and the
sophomores had better beware.

As We sit back and puff at our pipe which reeks
with perique we take notice of a great many changes
that have taken place in the lives of State college men
since we signed up for Myskania and Signum Laudls.
Besides the organization there has appeared the much
needed and much discussed third fraternity, Kappa
Beta. With one hundred new men entering State
each year it was necessary to enlarge the present
housing conditions for the masculinity. The present
move unites under one banner, with a house to bind
them together. a group of fellows with like ideals,
interests and thoughts. It seems almost certain that

 

 

such a group by providing a fraternal spirit and

friendship among themselves can be naught but a
good influence in our college. However, such a new
clique must be warned that they cannot become a
bunch oi‘ “chips—on-the-shou1derers" or extreme mal-
contents or they will in this way tear down the very
things that they have worked so arduously to build.
Knowing the persons concerned and the cogltation
that they have put into the venture we feel that it
will realize its aim and be a benefactor of State. With
this hope and wish we say “buena suerte" to this ad-
venturous bunch.

Boole of thc/e:
“ Hyman Goes to School

The Education of Hyman Kapliin by
Leonard Q. Ross, Harcourt Bruce and Company, N. Y..
176 pagcs, $2.00.
(for rcnl in llll' (lo-op)

introducing l’iyinun Kuplan is really opening up u
\\'liolc new World. Those conservatives among us Who
llll\‘t' always taken their grammar seriously and in all
good faith, hud better read this book armed with great
quuntltics of rcstorutlvcs.

Bccuuso Hyman Kuplnn compares the adjective
"good" us "good, better, high class". and fail as “full,
lulled. bankrupt"; the verb "to die" is conjugated “die,
dcnd, funcral." Mr. Kuplun, one of the thirty adults
in the bcglnncrs' grade of the American Night Prep—
aratory School for Adults, was that. plump, red-faced,
und very joosh gentleman, with wuvy blond hair, two
l'ounluin pens in his oulcr pockci, and u pci'pctuul
sliulc. 'l‘hul sinilo iichi' left his face, cvcii during
Recitation und Speech. and Mr. Kiipliin wns pm'licu-
llll‘ly bud in ltccilution mid Spcech.

"Won't you lukc udvuntugc oi' Rccimilon uiid
Spi-cch |ll‘ll('ti(‘(‘. Mr. Kupliiii.” uskcd Mr. Pill‘klllll, ihc
Lcuchcr, one ovcnlng, with his most encouraging smllc.
Mr. Kupliiii siiillcd buck und unswm'cd promptly, “Vcll,
l'll tcll ubout Pruzidcnls United States. Il‘ifc Pruni-
dciiis Unili-d Simon is Alll‘illll l..incohcn, ho was free-
ink do nccgcrs; lloddiiig, (:oolilch, Judge Vushington.
Further cncourngcincnt rc—
vculcd [hut in Mr. Kuplun's literary Vulhullii “the
most famous ll‘t‘o Allll‘l'lt'illl wridcrs" Wci'c .lcck Loun-
Vult Vitci'mun. und the author of “lluwk 1..
lici'i'y-l"cciis," onc Mock ’l‘vuin

No, Mr. Kiipliin was no ordinary student. in fact,
And before tho

 

upperclassmen felt at least one permanent
friend on the faculty.

genius.
dull-wilted by his iciiclu-rs.

Isaac Newton. after all, had been considered

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, SEPTEMBER 24, 1937

Appointment Bureau
Names Placements

Graduate Students and Seniors
Secure Teaching Positions

(continued from page 1, column 1)
History at Wallkill; Mary Salamey.
Commerce at Ilion; Louise Taylor,
French at Highland; Marlon Lamp—
man, English and Social Studies at
Union Free School No. 19, West Al-
bany; Gladys Gaetz, English at
Frankfort; Anna Service, Commerce
at Tupper Lake; Evelyn Lindros,
Mathematics and Latin at Lake Lu-
zerne; Martha Mae Smith, Mathe—
matics and Social Studies at Wil-
liamstown; Margaret Kale, Com-
merce at Peekskill; Norman Gund-
erson, Mathematics at Walden;
Ralph Gryzmaia, Commerce at
Mineville; Helen Clyde, English and
Civics at Bloomville; Laura Bovee,
French and Latin at Malone; Mar-
jorie Tymeson, French and Latin at
Plercefield.

Those recent graduates and grad-,
uate students of the college who
have secured positions include:

Ruth Yergin, '35, French and Lat-
in at Homer; Marie Greene, ’32.
Commerce at Tarrytown; Anne Sav-
ercoll, '31, English at Marathon;
Robert Poland, '36, French and His-
tory at Parishville; Agnes Crouch.
’34, Library at Schroon Lake; Mar-
garet Warner, ’36, Mathematics at
Windsor; Grace Kline, ’36, Library
at Columbia University; Audra
Clum, ’34, Library at Lansingburg;
Ernest Brown, '37; Mathematics
and Science at The Anderson School,
Staatsburg; Frances Mihill, ’37, So-
cial Studies at Mountainside, New
Jersey; Raymond Roberts, ’37. Math-
ematics and Science at Verona;
Sarah Rudd, 36, English and Lib—
rary at Tannersville; Julia Shields,
English and Library at Andes;
Marge Kalaidjian, '36, Commerce at
Pearl River; Margaret Strong, '35,
Library at Morrisville; Claude Stur-
devant, '27, Principal at East Nas-
sau; Vera Terpening, '36, English,
Latin and Library at Endred; Fran-
ces Studebaker, '36, English and
Music at West Leyden; Elsie Keeler,
'34, Commerce at Seneca Falls.

Daniel Van Leuvan, '35, History
and Social Studies at Afton; Ruth
Mitchell, '37, Library and English at
Pottcrsville; Phyllis Grossman, ’36,
Commerce at The Anderson School,
Staatsburg; Royal Knox, '31, Eng-
lish at Genessee Wesleyan Semin-
ary; Vera Shinners, '36, History and
English at Arlington High School,
Poughkeepsie; Mrs. Edith B. Webb,
'28, Library at Gilbertsville; Evan
Pritchard, ’36, Social Studies and
History at Willsboro; Harvey Clark,
’37. General Science at Auburn Jun-
ior High School; Isabel Carlson, ’34,
Library at Jamestown; Helen Buhel,
'32, Library at Elmira; Raymond
Downing, '37, Languages at The An-
derson School, Staatsburg.

Julia Foster, ‘32, English at Hicks-
ville; Ruth Putnam, '33, Commerce
at Johnstown: Katherine Paris, '36,
History at Bi‘oadalbin; Margaret
Bowcs. English at Shorrill; Edbridgc
Smith, '36, Social Studies at Bay
Shore: Carl Gibson, '36, Principal at
North Hartford; William Rogers, ’34,
Principal at Elementary School at
Bay Shore: Margaret McCunn, '55,

French at Skiincatcles; Shirley
Gludstonc, Commerce at Fonda;
Vcru Burns, '32, Port Jefferson;

David Bray, '34, General Science at
Mincvillc; Doris Hazard, ’34, Coni-
mcrce at. Central Valley; Marie
Gccslcr, '36, French, Sociul Studies.
mid English at. Hobart. l
hols Rowlcy, ‘34, French. Latin,
and English at Spi'ingwntcr; Doro-
lliy Kuehn, '35, French at Wuvci'ly;
William Collins, '33, chd Commci'Cc
Department at Concord. N. H.;
Kathryn l-luug, '34. Commcrcc ut
C(ll'lllllltl; Janet Lewis, '36, English
at Jordan; Jumcs King. Latin mid
i“rciich at. Eust l-luddum, Coiiliccll-
cut; Florence Davies, 35, (Joinincrcc

 

 

Statesman

 

 

 

 

 

Hello, again . . . We're back . , ,
’Sfunny, but you just can't keep a
good man down . . .

Have you seen the frosh???? From
where we stand they’re all either
small and blonde or rather tall
large gentlemen(?) . . .

They say the fellows and girls al-
most froze at the freshman camps
. . especially during sanitary in-
spection at Cossayuna . . . and the
cold at Van Schoonoven drove ye
editor home way ahead of time . . .
Tchl tch!

One of the frosh learned not to
troest his advisors when playing

aines . . . and we hope that Herman
won't sit on the bottom of any more
canoes . . .

That trio of juniors managed to
eke out expenses . . . even though
it took two nights . . . we mean the
crimson canine devoteesli l !

And are the junior advisers hav-
ing fun???? One intrepid assistant
has already traded his group of stal—
warts for the fair beauties of three
of his associate’s groupes . . . some
stuff, eh, Charlie ???

But some one really ought to ex-
plain that the room opposite the
mailbox is not the Commons as so
many of the frosh men seem to
think . . . or at least two of them!!!

Nuptials to report—Bill and Vera
. . . Mabel and Phil . . . and most
of last year’s couples not broken up
by graduation are back . . . though
we do hear reverberations of a cat-
aclysm up at KD as regards rom-
ances. . .

And speaking of disasters, the
cops are in the market for interior
decoration . . . so much so, in fact
that a discerning observer found
Gaff pushing an end table about the
five and dime . . . with no little dif-
ficulty. . . .

In mentioning the frosh we for-
got to uphold one who deserves
plenty of discussion . . . We mean
the brilliant boy who asked if it was
true that all State women were push
oversllli!

But the prize quote of the Week
goes to the dignified senior who
stood at the Co-op bulletin board
and murmured: Now what do they
want that I've got????? Perry
neatly put, we'll say . . .

And the open season on rushees
is on in full swing . . . the sorors,
with no dearth of material, are pre-
paring an enviable offensive that
will be oh, so, subtle! l ill And these
frosh women are such nice girls . . ..

By way of mentioning it KDR’s
mascot has suddenly become very
unpopular, what with the presenta-
tion of five more”!!!

And though school's not a week
old. we already hear that Psi Gain
is the proud possessor of a triangle
> - - L“Ought we've been so bissy that
wc couldn't find out much about it.

And we wonder if the new ar-
l'imucmcnt of the locker room will
have any effect on those noon hour
sessions we used to have . . .

As a parting shot if the shoe fits,
put on the other one, or a straight
line is the shortest distance between
two joints!!!”

THE MAN OF STATE.

News ‘Cub’ Classes
Will Begin Monday

The wcckly “cub” classes in journ-
ulisin. HllullStll'i'il by the S'i‘A'i'n Col.-
l.lIZ(i|i Nick's, will begin Monday and
Tucsdny at 12:00 o'clock in Room
ll! of Di'upci' hall. The Monday
class will hr in charge of Edgar
O'lloi'a, '39, while Robert. E. Hert-
wlg. '39, will tcuch the Tuesday scs-
sloii. llolh llcrtwig and O’l-lorn are
ussociiilc lllllllllulllg cditors on the
Ncws boui'd.

 

u! ch‘t Winfield; Fl'ulicls Browning, ,
‘Llil, l“l‘(‘llt‘ll nt (loshcn; choblii Cur-i

 

l‘ill'il, ’35, l.ulln nl Cni'iiicl; llciijn-
nmi Kolkci', 'Iili, (lcnci'nl Sclcncc ut
liciisschici' lligh School; Mu l‘ k
liccks, '37, Sciciicc ul liobokcii. N. Y.
Mui‘giii'cl Munroc, '35, English and
Librui'y ill Waishiiigtonvillc; Rosclkc
Agostinc, ‘36, Cominci‘cc of James-
town; (lcriildinc Huggins. 'Il'l, Lib-
ruriun ut chnc, N. l-l.; lu‘dnu Wright,
ml l"l'(’ll('ll and Guidance at Ten
ln'occk Frcc Academy, Fi'unklinvllle; l
.lohii llrudlcy, ’Zl’l, Sociul Studies ut
Pitlsiord; Katherine Kearney, '35.
(fommcrcc at Ncwbui'gh; Gertrude
Mclloil, '37. English and Library at
lt‘usl Whilc Pluius; Ruth Niokci'son.,I

 

'36, l‘illHllSll uiid Social Studies nil
.ilimlsbui'g; Gordon Cornish, ’37,

IGcncrul Sctcncc at Phoenix.

itcuulur iiltciiduncc at one ol' Ihcse
closure is i'cquii'cd of nil those tl‘,V-
im: out for positions on tho odltoi'lul
slot! of tho Ncws. ’l‘ry-ouls muy
rcgislcr in cillici' of the clnsscs .

'l‘hi-sc clusscs ill'l‘ conducch to ac-
quuini ilu- studclits with tho prin-
clplcs of ,ltllll'llllllSlil and the set-up
ol the Static College Ncws. What
constitutes news, how to got. news.
inclhoris of intcrvicwing, land the
chief souicos of iicws about college
Will be taught. lnstruction will also
be given in bond-lino writing, copy
rciiduig, proof reading, and page
makeup.

Promotions to inc office 01' report-
(‘1' will bc mode next spring and will
bc biiscd on attendance at those
"cub" classes and interest shown in
News work.

The
Pitchers
Box i

 

 

enthusiasm .

W. D. R. —

We return again this year to pay
“tribute” to the athletes of State . . .
we're anxious to see the frosh in ac-
tion . . . ‘ has our whole-
hearted su, pen (1 good luck . . .
we hear that “18 u! were closely
scrutinized at 1 e: um Camp . . .
we cannot forget o ‘favorite son”
but we do hope for a Milne defeat.
. . . can the frosh do it “G”? . . .
the Buffalo State tilt will be a fra-
cas to look forward to with "hot"
. . again We wish luck
. . . to our “Soph” quintet . . . bring
home the bacon, boys . . . and the
State Teachers’ Championship too . .
. . . we wonder where the seniors
and juniors will drop their hats
when the “colt " weather sets in . . .
perhaps gym has its "good points"

 

iStaie Schedules

 

. . . lest We forget . . . best of luck
with M. A. A., Johnny . .

Freshman basketball at State . .
the State Athletic Board has de—
creed that High School

teams can no longer engage in ath—'

letic competition with college Frosh
after this season . . , don't let the
upperclassmen talk you Frosh into
believing that the assistant manager
is “an all-day sucker" . . . We un-
derstand that awards will be given
to the assistant managers in the
future . . . regardless how good the
team on the floor is, it still requires
the support of the manager on the
bench . . . be sure to sign up Activ-
ities Day for the managerial posts
. . . but remember pay your student
tax . . . first.

We offer our cooperation and
wish the best of luck to Pat Miran-
da and the Intramural Council . . .
And now for an open letter Intra-
mural Council:

The success 0!‘ intramural sports
is in your hands. M. A, A., in choos-
ing you members of the Intramural
Council to direct the sports of State
for the ensuing year, has given you
an opportunity to make or break
intramural sports at State.

A necessity of every college is in—
tramural sports. Therefore more
extensive and the more elaborate
the sports program the better for
every man of State.

I feel certain that whole-hearted
cooperation will be given you by the
men of State in carrying out your
intramural plans.

Your entire sports parade should
be carefully worked out in order to
ultimately receive its full benefits.
In working out such a program, you
will be building the backbone of fu-
ture Intramural programs, and now
is the time to make that backbone
secure.

It is needless to soy further what
is expected of you members 01' this
newly organized intramural com-
mittee In conclusion allow inc to
give you (host- essentials of“ good—
iellowship which you may transfer
by an extensive and elaborate intru-
inuml sports progrmn lo the men
01' Stiitc:

Skill
l’iidci'sliiiiduuz
(‘oiitidcncc
(‘luss
I‘len‘l'lt'llt'l‘
Sluiiiiim
Shownmnship

Iiitclligciicc
Ni'l'\'c~colil i‘ol

Spch

l’oiso

()bjccts
Resourccs
'l‘i'nliiliig
Spoi‘tsimii ship

Y. W. C. A. Will Conduct
Frosli Frolics Tuesday
The Young ‘Nomcii's (‘hrislimi
Associniion of Hinic collcg.» will open
its mill—nil propi‘um 'I‘ucsdoy nigh!

\vllh ilio niiiiiuil l"l'(l.\ll l“l'()llt‘ ill the

Lonngc ol liiclmi‘dsoii lmll, uccord-
ing to .lcun l'klgciunbc, 'iiil, prcsidciu

Miss liclcn Curtis. :lccrclni'y of tho

Sludcnl (‘hi'isliuii Movciucnl, uud

lilo YWCA cublnol, will bc ghosts

of honor for tho owning.

A program of games, singing. and i pp), .1.
fun lms bccii plunncd by llu- coni-
inilicc. l'h-frcsliinciits Will llc sci'vcd.

Women students who wish to join.
tilllc next? in Si

YWCA may do so any

week in tho lloiundu of Draper hull,

. it ap-l'
pears that this year may terminate;
.rPage Hall

athleticisetback handed them last season

S'lf‘A'I‘E COLLEGE NEWS, SEPTEMBER 24, i937

Faculty Defeat Students
In Annual Soft Bc1~_ll_Came

Fourteen Foes

Tom Ryan Will Captain
Team; Bard Game on
December 4 Open
State Season

Fourteen games to date form the
tentative schedule for State’s Purple
and Gold basketeers. Coach Hat-
field's Sophomore five of last season
will step up into varsity shoes this
season.

This quintet which proved its
worth on several occasions during
last season’s campaign consists en-
tirely of sophomores except for Cap-
tain Tommy Ryan. Ryan, the sole
junior on last season’s varsity squad,
was unanimously selected to pilot
the Purple and Gold in their 1937-38
campaign. State's schedule is un-
doubtedly one of the stiffest a State
five ever faced, and it will certainly
test the power of Coach Hatfield's
“Sophomore Quintet."

On December 4, State will inaug-
urate its ‘37-‘38 season when it. plays
host to the shifty Bard outfit on the
court. The Annandale
boys will be out to avenge a 32-23

when the Hatfield-coached aggre-
gation invaded the Bard court.

The following Friday the Purple
and Gold cagers will carry on their
traditional rivalry by journeying to
R. P. I. to vie with the powerful En—
gineers' quintet. Last season the
Donaldmen turned back the State-
inen 32-27 in their initial clash.
However, avenge was sweet for the
Hatfield five later in the season
when they retaliated to claim a 36-
27 win over the Trojans on the Page
Hall court.

On the 16-17, the State squad will
make its first road trip when it in-
vades the hills of Vermont to clash
with St. Michaels and Norwich. Last
year the Purple and Gold broke even
with the St. Michaels' outfit, losing
42-31 at Winooskl and evening the
score with a 38-29 victory at State.

In their sole tilt with Norwich
during last season's campaign the
Teachers came out on the long end
of a 23-17 count. This year State
will again journey to Northflcld in
search of victory over the Norwich
cagers.

On January 8, the Hatfield squad
will find a new rival in Connecticut
State Teachers when they travel to
New Britain to vie for laui'cls.

The following weekend will find
the Teachers “out for blood"—Hart-
wick blood. In their first tilt last
season the Hartwick five succumbed
before the Teachers onslaught 50-39,
but crime back to hand the State
five a memorable 42-37 defeat at
Oneontu.

The succeeding night will find the
fast Plattsbui'g Normal quintet in-
vading Page Hull.

Buffalo State, State Teacher
Champions. will defend their title
on January 21, when they match
forces with the Purple and Gold on
tho Puge court. A 40—27 victory over

 

the Hatfield aggregation gave the
.Wcstci'nors undisputed claim to the
.‘chuimilonship lost season.
I The Teachers will wind up their
road trips when they travel to
Brooklyn to coinan Pratt and
l'lrooklyn Poly on successive nights.
llnsi smson Slutc dropped a double—
‘hcndcr to its Brooklyn foes by drop-
,ping u lmi'd-fought contest to Pratt
and losing 35-2!) to Brooklyn Poly.

 

l
l
Fall Season 
Frosh! 
Frosh! I
Frosh!

 

 

J. S.

Ehoes of Frosh camp! Of course,
it rained, but this has become such
an annual occurrence that it is re-
garded almost as a tradition. How-
ever, a clear Saturday gave the hun-
dred and fifty odd freshmen at camp
a chance to show off their athletic
prowess.

Our predictions about the class of
1941? . . . . .:

1. They will be hard enough to
survive the wear and tear of rivalry,
and enjoy it. (When twenty girls
show up for a morning dip at 20
degrees below, it's a sure sign.)

2. They'll have pep enough to lead
the upper classes a merry chase.

3. They’ll put an end to the as-
persions cast upon their ability as
hikers by the men athletes. No more
buses after Phyl Jobson led the girls
around the lake in one hundred
minutes flat!

Highlights of the weekend were

 

the upper and lower camps (diplo-
matically enough, the score was tied
at the end of the afternoon), and

 

Intramural Council
To Regulate Sports

Miranda and Aides To Direct
New Controlling Board

Pat Miranda, chairman of M. A.
A.'s Intramural Council, has an-
nounced extensive plans for State's
fall, winter, andspring intramural
sports. Miranda was appointed
chairman of the Council last June
by M. A. A. in order to insure a big-
ger and better sports program for
the men of State.

To assist Miranda in carrying out
this sports program M. A. A. has ap-
pointed Joe Bosley, ’39, Bernard
Gaffney, '39, Jack Moore, ’40, and
Ken Haser, '40.

Miranda’s fall program will swing
under way immediately. All racquet-
ters wishing to enter the Tennis
Tournament, which will begin early
next week, must sign up this week.
Intramural soccer and touch ball
will begin within the next few weeks.
The Council is making extensive

the hotly contested sports betweenmmns for these two sports in order

to insure fair competition for all.
The Intramural Council’s winter
program will consist of a foul shoot-

 

the introduction of a new song sen-
sation which combines enough men-
tal and physical dexterity to drive
you mad within the first ten verses.

Rumor has it that the G. A. A. has
been changed to the W. A. A., the
new title meaning, as the letters in-
fer, the Women's Athletic Associa-
tion. Perhaps all this came about
because the organization suddenly
realized that it had come of age sev-
eral years ago! Also, the Council
has announced some constitutional
changes, and requests that all mem-
bers read them on the A. A. bulle-
tin board.

Fall sports are due to put in an
appearance soon, and no longer will
innocent bystanders on Western
Avenue be in danger of life or limb
from a menacing hockey stick wield-
ed by a fair enthusiast of that sport.

athletic field in back of the Alumni
Residence halls.

Hockey looks most promising this
season. What with the inspiring re—
ports brought back from Hockey
camp by Chris Ades, Betty Allen,
and Dotty MacLean, juniors, this
sport should be definitely on the up-
grade.

Archery, soccer, tennis. riding, and
swimming are in again, vying with
each other for unprecedented popu-
lnrity.

So, in parting, congratulations to
the camp committee. best wishes to
the fall captains, and a sporting wel-
come to all the freshman women!

Junior Advisors Aid 1941
During Orientation Week
Going about their duties in true
[State college fashion, the junior
class has bccn guiding the freshmen
during their period of orientation.
Under the leadership of Dunton Ty-
nun, chuirnmn of the junior advis-
ors. the various ndvisor groups have
met with the utmost success in
dealing with their freshmen.
As part of" their program the jun—

iors huvc sponsored an informal
gathering which was conducted

Thursday. September 10', the first
day that the freshmen were requir—

 

A iciuniivc game with the Alumni
1:. sci I'or l'r‘cbi'uury ll,
.lhc lllllilt’l(l l'oi'ccs subdued lhc
.(il'ilds ill—Ill}.

’l‘hi'cc homo gumcs Willi l-lartwick,
Si. Michiicls. mid lt. P. I, will ter-
inumlc illc 'l‘cuchci's 1937-38 sched-
iilc

Wllll tho 'I‘cuclici‘s’ sclicdulc ter-
iniimting on l"t‘l)l'lllll',\’ 1315~ the entire
inoiilli oi Murcli \vill bc left free for
iiilci'cliiss buskclbnll iiiid otlici' iii-
li'umui'ul activities,

'l‘lic si'licduli‘ to iluic is us lollmvs.‘

llcc. ll liiii‘ll llllliic
ll li l’.l til it. i’. 1.
Id SI, Mli'lilll'l‘» .ll Wiuooskl
l'l Norwu'h ill Noi‘tliilcld

(‘oiui Hiiilc 'l‘cucilci's

ut Now lii'lluln
nt Onoontu

Home

Juli, ll

1»! lllll‘l\\‘l('i{
1o l’luiisburg Norninl
Ll! liull'ulo Stiltc Home
l’i'iilt at Brooklyn
!' Brooklyn Poly at Brooklyn
11 Alumni ttenlntivm Home
ill 7 Ilurtwick Home
Mlclmcls Home
:16 R P. l' Home

Last your,

cd to be lit school.

‘ They also assisted the class of 1941
iii the Pi'csldcilt's rcccptlon, previous
to which they conducted tours of
llii’ college buildings.

Informal inccliiigs oi' the groups
and their udvisors were conducted
'l‘ucsduy illlt’l'lltlllll,

The junior udvlsors’ office. oppo—
site that oi' the Uliill of Women's,
Will reimilu opcn loi' n lime to fur-
ther assist llic (‘llll‘l‘lllg clues. 'I'ho
udvisoi' syslcin howovcr will continue
in force llil'oughoul llic school yeui‘.

Release New House Rules
Marjorie Grist, 'llil, prcsidciit of
licsidciicc Council, this \vcck un-
iiouiiccd soino cliuiigcs in tho i‘csid-
cncc regulations for Women.
rulcs for freshmen rciiuiiii lhc suuie.
All iippcrclnssmcn must be in their

houses by ll :00 o'clock from b‘undny‘

lo 'l‘hursdny night. and by 13:00
o'clock on Friday und Sutui'dny
nights, llulcs rciiirdiug spcciul per-
missions l'or (iiiiiccs can be found in
line ii'rcshinun llundbook.

A11 fall sports will take place on thel

llousc.

ing contest, a 21 Tournament, and
basketball. Last year Norman De-
lNeef captured the foul shooting con-
test by making good twenty shots
,out of a possible twenty-five. Pat
‘Miranda claimed high laurels in the
21 Tournament with a smashing 2-0
victory over George Bancroft in the
final stanza. The Sophomores suc-
cessfully retained their lien on M.
A. A.'s Intramural Basketball cup by
proving invincible throughout the
season.

Interclass track, golf, and softball
will comprise the spring sports car-
nival. Last season the Class of '39
came through to win the softball
lcrown as well as the interclass track
imeet. Last spring the entire intra-
lmural set-up was conducted under
lthe supervision of Coach Hatfield.
1With the creation of the New Intra-
mural Council, however, the M. A.
A.‘s spring sports parade will be left
entirely up to the Council.

The State College Press Bureau
will begin its third year of active
service to the college when it con-
venes Tuesday at 3:15 o’clock to dis-
cuss plans for this year's work.

The Press Bureau was organized
in 1935 for the purpose of communi—
eating to local newspapers in the
state information concerning stu~
dents at State college. In this or—
ganized manner, deserving students
will receive recognition in their
home papers. and at the same time
attention will be brought to State
college as an active and progressive
institution.

Dr. William M. French, instructor
in education. is the faculty sponsor
of the Press bureau. The members
of the organization include: seniors,
Richard Cox. Warren Densmore.
Marjorie Crist, and Sophie Wolzok;
juniors, Robert E. Hertwig. Edgar
O‘Hora, and Jean Strong.

Tryouts for membership in the
bureau will be picked from those
sophomores and freshmen compet-
ing t'oi' editorial positions on the
News.

 

C. xi. A.’ers Enact Sham

Chino-Japanese W (11'

G. A. A. swung into its i'ull
ucilvitics Wednesday afternoon
by welcoming the Frosh with u
gcl—Logcihel' at its annual Play
Day in. McKown's (.li'OVC. Betty
Appcldoorn, '38, member of Mys-
kuniu, was chuirmun of the
l cvciii, with the assistance of
‘ Kathryn Ilobblc, ‘38.

l Pluy Day this ycui‘ wus Orion-
1 [iii in thcmc, with John Edge—
cuinbc and Kuy Conklin. seniors,
us lenders of the Chinese and
, .lupunesc ti‘lllllh‘ respectively.

‘ (limics, stunts, swimming, u
A hot dog roast, and the singing of
,l G. A. A. and other college songs
? constituted tlic pi'ogi'mn, which
continued until about eight
o'clock.

G. A. A. sports will hit their
full stride Monday afternoon on
the Dorm field with hockey, soc-
vci'. and archery taking the
limelight. Swimming, tennis,
and riding will not be neglected,
us pluns are being formulated to
include them in the fall sched-
llll‘.

 

 

Page 3

4
Hicks-Clown Battery Pro-

ves Successful in 13-7 win

Initiation into the muscle activ-
ities at State began with a splash
last Friday when a downpour spat-
tered bewildered freshmen as they
hastened into buses for camp. The
rain drizzled down throughout most
of Friday's activities and Sunday
morning, dampening somewhat the
body but not the spirits of the
campers.

The sports program, planned by
John O'Brien, ’38, included a well
rounded list of activities, featuring
a softball game between the faculty
and students. Games of touch foot-
ball, ping pong, volley ball, tennis,
and horseshoes were eagerly indulg-
ed in by both upperclassmen and
freshmen alike. The water gathered
a great deal of interest in canoe de-
votees, although the number of peo-
ple who were in the swim was very
few.

Coach Hatfield slipped into the
reigns again last Friday, when he
gave a glimpse of the sports which
men could expect for the coming
year. The tennis tournament will
occur this Fall and the coming
Spring as they have in the past.
Softball will hold their regular part
of intramurals. They will be played
after school in their proper season.
The "21” and foul shooting contests,
new additions to the competitive in-
terests of Stats's athletes last year,
will also be held.

The big event of the weekend, in-
sofar as the faculty are concerned
at least, was the artistry exhibited
Saturday afternoon when the fac-
,ulty, led by Hicks and Clausen as
pitcher and catcher, held the stu-
dents to seven runs while driving
across thirteen runs themselves.
This determined effort of the fac-
ulty to win a game received its suc-
cess in a fitting climax, both sides
playing a fairly steady set to. Per-
haps the only time that Hicks was
seriously threatened was in the
ninth, when students bunched hits
together and drOVe four men across.
Batteries for the students were Tor-
rens and Wolff.

Immediately following the faculty
game, the upperclassmen reaped the
grim and fruitful joys of vengeance
by shellacking the freshmen by a
score of 25-4. Each side placed two
teams on the field, the first team,
in each case, playing the first five
innings. Quinn held the upperclass-
men to a mere six runs during the
first five innings, while Crounse,
pitching for the upperclassmen, was
taken for two. Bull, who replaced
Quinn for the last four innings was
plastered for a total of nineteen.
Torrens, replacing Crouuse, allowed
two runs in the last four innings.
An event which almost broke into
|news was an abertivc canoe joust.
Certain upperclassmen had a prank-
ful argument out on the lake and
the challenge was issued. Said chal-
lenge was not accepted, however,
thus cutting off in the bud a possi-
bly great fray.

The faculty line-up for the facul-
ty-student game found many stars
of former years. The Hicks-Clausen
combination has been together sev-
eral times in an attempt to secure
what was not obtained till last Sut-
urdny. DoBell played first base.
Buli‘cr was new at second. Rlcnow
made some neat stops at third. Dur—
lilil und Hardy at shortstop. had both
sccn service before. Salisbury. at
center field was another new addi-
tion. Fulluger and [{lnsolla filled in
at right field and left field respec-

lively.

The score by innings for this
game:
I"iiculty  ii 4 L’ ‘3 0 0 0 (l 2~—l.3
Students ..  0 (l t) l. 1 0 0 (l -l---— 7

The scol'c by innings for the up-
pci‘clnssmcn-frcshuion game:
lt‘l't’Sllllll'll . (l l l 0 0 U 2 i) 0- 4
Uppcrclussnicii 2 (l 0 0 -l 5 U H s—25

To Close Office

Just as a warning to the freshmen
who know nothliig about the ruling
and the upperclassmen who disre-
lnu'd it; ilie Activities office will be
closed to all persons excepting those
who arc working there.

This ruling has been mudc in or-
der that. the members of the various
boards may work without being (lis-
tui'bcd by the raucous inning of
those persons who have nothing to
do except frittci' their time away.
The heads of activities have appor-
tioned keys out to their members

 

who need keys.

 

