 

 

P3892? 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1937 7

 

State College News

manned by m cm. of ms
The undergraduate Newspaper or New York sum
College for Teachers

 

Publilhed every Friday of the college year by the lee
Board representing the Student Association
Telephonel: once. 5-0373; Gumaer, 2-0424; Dexter,
2-4814; Sela, 2-0781; Gaylord. 2-4314
Entered a: mound clan matter in [In Albany, N. Y., panama

TH E NEWS BOARD

HARRY ’1‘. GUMAra....................Ediior-in-Chief
FEED E. Drxrnn....................Mwnaging Editor
WARREN 1'. DENSMDRE......Assoaiatc Managing Editor
DAVID B. SMITH. ..........Assoeiate Managing Editor
SOPHIE Wonzox. . .. . . .  Associate Managing Editor
Lauarm SELD. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Busim’ss Manager
Cannons W. GAYLOBD...........Advertisinq Manager
MILDRED E. N ion'rmoALE.........Ciraulation Manager

Parnrrm nr Born Parn'rino Co., Inc., ALBANY, N. Y.

JUNIOR BOARD OF EDITORS

Warren 1. Denemore David B. Smith
Sophie Wolzok

 

 

 

—
31a illmnrtam

The entire college was deeply grieved to
learn of the death of Anne Rosenthal. Such a
loss seems particularly hard to bear in the case
of one so young and apparently so full ot’
promise. We must accept it as inexplicable.
The ans wishes to express its most sincere
sympathy to her family and friends.

—
What Are Juniors For?

Tonight, we dance; tomorrow, We lunch and
tea dance. Still, just what are Juniors for and
why are they here in State college?

Juniors, the ﬁrst member ot' our rival class,
the seniors, has secured a teaching position for
next year. Now is the time for you to look
over your qualifications, not next year at this
same time.

You have an opportunity to increase your
chances oi." getting a job. (let to know ’aul
Bulgcr, secretary ot' the appointment bureau,
and sec to it that he knows you.

He will be able to give you a more efﬁcient
and satisfying rccmnmendation for this knowl-
edge. Ile is there to help you in eVery way he
can, to offer suggestions, hints as to what
qualities a principal likes in his teachers.

Make the. most ot' this opportunity and prove
that Juniors are here to get jobs.

Again We Ask

We notice that the new report on thc l‘ilec—
tion commission, “rcviscd” by thc coillllllllcc
on elections utter a public hearing. is essentially
the same as the original report. 'I‘hcrcl'orc we
reiterate our criticisms.

What is the real reason for setting up n
pcrmaneul. Election contilllssloil.’ The one prcr
voting.r activity stated in the powcrs ol' the
mnnmission in the revised report ~—rcgulatiug
nomination and acceptance speeches in assembly
—could be, handled by Student council which
runs all assembly programs. What are the
additional functions which the commission
might be likely to handle} it thcy include
poster publicity for candidates, rallies, cam-
pnign cxpcnscsrwonr answer is that thc addition
ol’ these devices to State college life will put our
dirty politics on the dirticr basis than is found
in larger institutions. This college has enough
ballyhoo and political pressure at present with—
out cineournging it, further. Again wc say.
nominating speeches in assembly are probably
all right~~they may clear the air and student
council can regulate. them.

And ﬁnally, as to the twu—thirds volc ot’ lbc
student association necessary to veto acts of
the commission, it. is the most llmlcnmci'itlic
scheme we have had put up to us in a long
time. it means that live nppoiuted people can
over-ride the majority ot‘ the student association
no matter what they say. Let’s have the mun-
mittce explain why they believe in ballyhoo and
more politics.

ll. '1‘. (l.

2

 

Committees, Clothes, Cooperation

Cuts and Corsages

 

 

Commentstator

.—

Though “doing the prom” is the feature of Junior
weekend, somehow we see a depth, more intense than
just; more dancing, formal clothes, and swing music.
in fact we feel almost sloppily sentimental about it.

The events starting this evening are a culmination of
all the honest efforts of the class of 1938. Not that we
mean to put ourselves on the back because other classes
have done and felt the same.

It’s like this—twenty-thrco committees with approxi-
mately one hundred junior members have been working
diligently trying to make this dance weekend the best
State has ever had. Cooperation has been the theme of
all committee work. Everyone has done his or her share.

“Will you make some posters?”

“Sure. llow many?”

“Someone is needed to sell bids in Room X.”

“Oke. I’ll do it.”

And so all the work has gono—-No throwing the work
all to the chairman. It has been hands linked in co-
operation.

Not only that spirit pervades the atmosphere of
.lunior weekend. Friendship is felt. Why do we have
the prom or the ten dance? Why the plans for get‘
together? The answer is simple. Our three years at
State have built a friendship, strung on its own founda-
tion. We like to get together and discuss everything
from the cartoons in Esquire to the philosophy ot' love.
We like to meet socially, dance and be mcrry——-hencc the
dances. .\ud we like to meet in a slightly serious mood——
therefore the luncheon.

Ho you see, there’s really something below all this
collegiate mcrriment, prom queens, and corsagcs—I‘Iuvc
a grand time.

To some boys :1 cor-sage for a formal dance means just
another two dollars to the list of the evening’s expenses.
lint to the girl it means a great deal more.

in consideration ot' the Junior Prom girl we offer
herein some flowery suggestions—

Ask her the color ot’ her gown.
color ot' the ﬂowers to the gown.
go with red.

it you don't ask her—then it’s gurdcnias.

Did you ever notice the color of the ribbon on a
corsuge‘! Many a girl with gold accessories has gone
almost stark mad at the sight of a silver ribbon.

And don’t send a corsnge that resembles a flower
garden. Hardenins, roses, orchids, sweet peas, violets
are all niceMscparatcly. ’l‘ogcthcr they provide a sub-
ject for discussion at the next horticultural society
meeting.

And it' you don’t know how to say it, red roses inan
“i love you.”

Try to match the
And pink does not

“ K it i K
No school on Monday! (ilnd words and a reminder
that we still celebrate the birtlnlny ot’ (icorge Wash-
ington.
lint we just want to remind you ll) bcwnrc ot’ “cuts”
bel’ore and after the joyous day. it saves wearing out
ot' the rug,r in a certain ollicinl ot'ticc.

 

Cover To Cover

 

 

 

(Iv'or li'cnl in (ht' (lo-op)

Excuse It Please, by (‘ornclin this .\‘kinucr, llllllll,
Mead and lompnuy, New York, ltlilil. ill" pngcs.
$2Jlll.

.\liss Skinner has written in series ot' short cssnys ot'
the New Yorker ’l‘ypc. 'l‘hcy llllYl‘ appeared in scvcinl

ditl'crcnt mugnzincs sineg and hnvc hccn gnthcrcd into
one volume by liodd, Mead and (‘ompnn‘iz

Most people with any scnsc of humor at all will
chuckle loudly at thcsc chatty, witty brict‘s. 'l'o pick
out the best one would be diliicult bccnusc dill'crcnl oucs
will appeal to dill'crcnt "l‘lwusc It
l’lcnsc” the ﬁrst essay and the our l’rotn which tlu
book drl'lu's its title is :i dcscription ot' the nliocious
tch-phonc system on Long Island. llmnorous bccuust
ot' its urbane ‘lim-’ nboul the rurul lllll' on thc Island.

pcl'souulil ics.

The articles which would interest and mouse most
howl-yer are those written by Miss Hkinncr, n womnu ot'
many lulcnts, nbool hcr inability to do ccrtuin things.
The most amusing ol‘ this type is the one on icc skating,
and the experience ol‘ the nuthorcss nnd her l’ricu-l
undcr lhc tutelage ol' the ice slotting pcdngoguc. in
this thc words are strung together so that the sccnc is
cni'icuturml in such it manner that n minor tragedy
becomes a grand comcdy. 'l‘hc nulhorcss porllnys all
the vicissitndcn, and n few more besides, ot' nu int-ragi-
bcginncr in the sport ot‘ cutting the ice.

Miss Hkinncr has a dcllnitc tendency and :i great,
inborn nbilily to pluy upou words. Hhc docs this ill
some phu-cs l'or paragraphs nl a limo. ()nc ot' the best
examples ot’ bcr mastery ot' the lowly pun is the article
titled “(in Home Shows". in this she and horses uml
hobby become all tangled up, become nutunglcd and then
become tangled again. All this process gives the render
many amusing minutes and it great many guﬁ'uws.

Every one ot' her stories seems to ring the bell (and
not the Mnjor’s I'lllliii'), Hhc, u, perfectly normal person,
makes all her little quirks of personality, such as the
case with which she gets an electric. shock from door
knobs, and other objects and tho l’nct that she is ‘scnrcd’
ot‘ traveling by airplane, very lnunorous incidents.

Blue and White To Celebrate

Passing of

In September of 1934, three hun-
drcd parcels of green humanity per-
vaded the halls of Minerva, represent-
ing as, the class of 1938. Properly
divided, classed, indexed, and LQ-ed,
we were soon put in our humble
places.

Under the leadership of Leslie
Knox, llerbert Drooz, Dorothy Cain,
and Irma Anderson, we soon stepped
out; and asserted our personalities and
ﬁghting spirit. “Blue-white, ﬁght,
ﬁght!” became our motto. llair-
pulling, ear-slamming, eye-gouging
youngsters that we were, we soon ob-
tained the awe of our rival class, who
were so sadly to learn ot' the fool-
hnrdiness ot' waving a sham banner
before our united throng.

[it November of our ﬁrst year we
were obliged to sing “bite. is very
different” to the assembly. Chain
gang style we strode through the
aisles, partly to show our united
strength and mostly to support our-
selves on somebody whose knees were
perhaps not so wobbly as ours.

The mascot hunt was somewhat of
an innovation and initiation. The in-
tricacies at various attics, cellars,
ventilators, pipes, and interstices be-
came general knowledge. llcroically
our brave members made their dusty
way down recesses and loyalty did
those on top yank and pull to get
them out ot’ two by four niches.
Friendships, dust, bruised knees, and
rusty nails were the only things we
found on our mascot innit, however.

Rivalry brought all ot' us together
and all of our pent-up Inu'barism
came to the fare on Campus Day.
The pushball contests resulted in a
win for both sides. Our class stunt,
“The Congo” curried away ﬁrst
honors and started as on a remark-
ublo career ot’ winning stunts.

Rivalry spirit assumed gigantic im-
portance on Moving-up Day. The
sophomore boys won the pushbull con-
test nnd the women came out even
with one and a halt' points each. The
debate gave us two and a hnlt’ points,
and although the sophomores won the
sing later in the day, We came out
victorious with the rivurly cup safe
in our grasp.

 

The Statesman

 

 

 

Well, the usual timc-worn, pun
worn Hlntcsmnn has been given a
week’s vacation with pay. \\'c curry
on the torch and our aim is to burn
up as many lwcrps as possible.

What dclngc ot'
alums met our l’air campus during
lhc wcckcnd.‘ . . \'nn Warren was
l.t'.'lt uivcn, as We noticed his ruthless
dcpni'lnrc. . . . llnlph seems to know
just how lo horn in on lbc (i,,\..\.
pcw in thc gym. . . . 'l'hnt (nmpbcll
soup gag ol' lnsl \\cck got us, our
.\nyuny. .limin)
did sport the lllossom, I'I\nn(s)
lbough il was l“l'lil‘li:ll'.\'. , , . Ich! Ich!

.\ud now from soup to nuts.
'l'bings uollb sccing: billb- I'Ivn be
ing spnnkcd by the bloodhounds,
\'nndcrpocl and Jack "lilll'ss your
licno bcing thc

occasioned the

way or :Inolhcr.

ucigblH llcuo. , . .
nmn ubo l.i(\')7. ngniu. . . . .\ud
there's nothing like pt-nnut bultcr
and railroad tracks l'or making in
cool February PHI a merry one. Ask
lhosc livc ut’tcr the thin maul!!!

\'ulcnliucs ucrc llyini,I thick ulul
l'nsl. . . . . we hope. . , . Home ot' lllc
t'ollcgc bousc lads sccmcd to bc miss
ing from the \‘ic party. . . . llid lbc
l.cusc run out on tIIc lniys Hnlni'dny
night ‘.' .\lnylu- to hear the l:5'.tl ,\,.\I,
pmno ht‘i't‘llllllt‘. . . . llcg .\lnrphy had
it slnid ucckcnd. . . . .\ lh-ckcrous
\ic path on l"rldny and (‘hnrcb on
Saturday. . . .

lib-yen o‘clock rules how u doublc
signiﬁcance in sonn- cnscs, ycs'.'. . . .

l’oltcr club ccrlulnly did all right
by their l’rosh. . . . .\ t'cw slovc pipm
nnd ccllnrs cleaned in the gem-rill
nll‘nir. . . . .\ picture oi’ l“l'llllillll and
Quinn with more pop and vigor than
their l'rntcrnily brothers to he Hutu!"
day morning at 5:15“. . . , Next it‘ri
dny, Killt’s llcll Week starts. . . .
'l‘hc rumored brush cuts for lllc
pledges will only conntcrncl thc skunk
oil shampoo, niclhinks. . . .

Two Hectic Years

Our sophomore year saw us an ac-
climated and a wiser group. Our
ofﬁcers for the year were Herbert
Drool, Dorothy Cain, Janet Dibble,
and (‘hristine Dcrshimer.

Soiree and rivalry, formal and in-
formal, reunited us. Dunton Tynan
as a pink-checked, delicately scented
model at the Residence halls was the
result ot' one of our pranks.

Aml then the washing business
stalked its wet way into our lives.
Coope'ative cleansing was much the
style and inmnncrablo sophomores
and freshmen found their (looms
awaiting them in the showers. It got
to the point where we were dirty
clothes and put soap chips in the
pockets.

()utstamling wins in formal rivalry
included the women ’s basketball
game, mascot hunt, and the Moving-
up Day stunt and sing. This gave
us the rivalry cup once more, making
us the ﬁrst class to win both years
in the history of organised rivalry at
State college.

Jolly, yet digniﬁed, we come now
to our Junior year. Our leaders this
year are Richard Cox, Dorothy Cain,
.lnnet Dibble, and Christine Der-
shimcr.

Tonight we are having our Junior
Prom, which is the beginning of
Junior Weekend, the biggest social
weekend our class will have. It is a
kind ot' milestone, our college career
too rapidly hastening to a close. Let
us make it worth remembering and
cherishing.

 

Communication

 

 

 

 

l‘lditor H'I'A'rr. (footnote News:
Why the Election Commission?

llccnuse in the past Student council
nn-mbcrs lmvc run for the very otliccs
which thc commission is to regulatc.
Objection was raised in the open
hearing to the possibility of a com-
mission nu-mbcr running for oﬁicc
This has been taken care of by pro-
vision for his immediate removal.
l'ndcr Student council regulation. rc-
movnl would be impossible.
Dirty Politics

The. News tells us ot' its presence.
lict’orm is implied. Open up clcction
instead ot' continuing the present.
mulcr-hnnd, secret policy. (,‘ontrol
them by an l'ilcclion (.‘onnnission. 'l‘his
safeguard against dirty politics. is
a step t’orwnrd to a much needed
reform.
2 3 Vote Power

chlimcnl ill the public hearing
lnsl 'l'ucsdny was in l'uvor ot' :1 two
thirds \‘clo power by the Student
.\ssocintion hccnusc decisions will be
handed down nl‘lcl' cul'cl'ul considcrn
tion by the connoissiou, whereas you
and l in thc assembly, will only bnvc
n limich time to consider the t'ncts.
Ilocsn'l il scout logical that the dc
(‘omlnissiou should
stood. unless sllldcnl opinion is nvcr
“llcllni Igly in t'nvor ol' n chunch

.\Icn'l you willng to tnkc a step
iu the right direction by pullng this
pin“ illlo operation?

|.cstcr liubin, ’Ili',

(‘hail'nlnn ot' t‘ominillcc on l'IIcclioIH.

eisiou ol' lln'

.\nd now, who will bc l'I'oIII tillt't'lll
Your gucss is us good :is uonc.
Hoi‘ol'ily politics lnkc slrnngc

und devious turns. . . . l\'ccp Iccring,
t'olksf. .\lso just for fun, cut
out lhc list ot' couples and compare
them with l'ullu’c ones for Sophomore
Holt'cl'. . . .

We note that Killi bus added
another blot lo the landscape in tin-
pcrsnn ot' Inky. n l'crocions looking
cnninc. . . . Wc think thnl inky nnd
l'ollcl"s l'l'lc should be lllll'odlil't'll
lo each other. . . . or do wet. . . -
.\nd Hunk, it makes it even closer lo
55], tiul‘Hll'l ll'.’

.r\nd nnolhcr question, lids one
barely in lime t’or publication. . .
Willi he Mlormn enough to let her
keep that riug't. . . .

We expect to hear something nlmul
copying ideas, but here goes. UIH'
thought t'or ncst week: A penny saved
is u penny spurned, or don't count
your chickcns.

'l‘lll‘i lutll ()i“ H’I‘A'l‘l'l

