 

 

. A ..3;+a.ggi_p,—,m.-,,..W..-

 

 

 

Page 2

5

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, OCTOBER 8, 1937

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established by the Class of 1918
The undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
College for Teachers
Published every Friday of the college year by the News
Board representing the Student Association
Telephones: Office, 5-9373;; Wolzok. 2-6752; Smith,
3-1814; Nightingale, 2-4144; Gaylord, 2-4314
Entered as second class matter in the Albany, N. Y.
postoffice

RIF-IIINTID FOR NATIONAL ADVIIYIIINC IV

NationalAdvertIsingSemceJnc.
Callus Pollution Representative

420 Mam-on Ava. le Vonx, N. Y.

CHICAGO I IOIVOI - LOI RIGILII - IAN FIAICIICO

THE NEWS BOARD

Sorm Wonzox . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Editor-in-Ohief
Dnvm B. Sivnm  . Managing Editor
Roam E. Henrwro .. . Associate Managing Editor
Emu: B. O'Homv Associate Managing Editor
Jam Srnona  Associate Managing Editor
Mmonsn E. NIGHTINGAL  Business Manager
CHARLES W. GAYLORD .  Advertising Manager
Woman A. Bum ........... ..  Circulation Manager

THE NEWS STAFF

William Ryan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..Men’s Sports Editor
Charles Franklin .. Assistant Sports Editor
Betty Clark  . Women’s Sports Editor
Associate Editors
Ramona Van Wie Albert Architzel Joyce Maycock
Charles Ettinger Charles Walsh
Assistants to Business Board
Assistant Business Manager ................ ..Grace Castiglione
Assistant Advertising Manager ...................... ..Joan Byron
Business Staff
Doris Parizot, Marcia Brown, Kenneth Haser, Harold
Haynes, Robert Cogger, John Newstead Mary
Gabriel, Elga Schiavi, Harriet Sprague

Reporters

Florence Adler, Betty Bunce, Giaclnta Capuana,
Robert Cogger, Margaret Collines, Sadie Flax, Bernice
Freymeyer, Virginia Elson, Saul Greenwald, Eloise
Hartmann, Otto Howe, Yvette Hyman, Leonard Ko-
walsky, Hilda Kronovit, Fred Kurkhill, William Mc-
Craken, Robert McKenzie, Thelma Miller, David
Minsberg, Jean Mitchell, Arthur Phibbs, Louis Rick-
man, Lillian Rivkind. Savia Scumaci, Blossom Sch-
wartz, Miriam Shapiro, Helen Smykla, George Stang-
ler, Barbara Van Patten, Jane Wilson, Sally Young,
Wilbur Valley.

The Legitimate Th eatre

Those theatre lovers who have lamented
the fact that there was no permanent leg-
itimate theatre in Albany will rejoice to
hear that the Erie Theatre in Schenectady
will provide theatrical attractions through-
out the Autumn, Winter and Spring for the
season of 1937—38. This new enterprise is
sponsored by the prominent business men
of Schenectady.

Reasonable prices are promised for fam-
ous Broadway productions using what is
reputed to be the best of the professional
acting,r talent available in New York. The
latest Broadway productions obtainable
are to be presented. The first scheduled
play is “Boy Meets Girl" which is to start
on Monday night, October 11. The bill is
to be changed every week thereafter. This
means that State college students will have
the bcncl'il of viewing stage productions
at any lime during.r the coming,r suhool year.

More complete information about lhc
l‘h'ic Theatre produclions can be obtained
in the advertiscmcnl on lhc fourth page of
this issue. Advertisements to appear in
succeeding issues will name olhcr schcdul—
cd plays

  
 
 
  

 

 

 

 

    
 

 

1 I
For Mister Anonymous

liatcly wc have bccn pccvcd at receiving
copious nolcs with regard lo our cdilorial
policy and lhc \l w~~ in poncrnl.
lllcsc lcllcrs wcrc complhncnlury and some
olhcrwisc, but all wcrc anonymous. “'0
don’t (féil'lf aboul that purl of if, though.
What gets us is lhis dcalinp,‘ will) an un-
known.

Studcnl opinions are welcomed and it is
our desire to prin those in the .\'l.ws un-
der the heading “()ommunicalions.” Iden-
tity of the writer will be kept secret upon
request, but the author will please reveal
his identity to the editor.

If you have an opinion or a criticism, let
us hear of it, but let us know the name be-
hind the notc so that we can thank or

Sonn- of

argue.

 

 

Coo/e3 Tour of Albany

COMMENTSTATER

The freshmen have been duly complimented, and
warned. Likewise, the upperclassmen. Now the Com-
mentstater feels free to do a little complaining. If
you are a freshman new to Albany or an exception to
the rule forgive our griping. Here is our case.

State college has in recent years become too smug
and self-satisfied. We think that We are too good.
We think that our world begins and ends in the block
starting at Robin street, and ending at Lake avenue.
Perhaps we have the right idea, partially, at least.
Our working and playing hours are concentrated in
this locality; but We seem to forget that all around us
is the city of Albany, and in a larger sense, the capital
district.

We have a very complete set of extra-class activ-
ities at State, a pretty inclusive social program, and
an interesting group of friends and associates. Why,
we reason, should we look any further for entertain-
ment or broadening our interests? That, precisely, is
the situation as it stands.

But, in less than four years the positions we will
fill require more than a smug collegian, that is, a well-
rounded, cultured person. It seems almost pathetic
that over a thousand people are making Albany their
residence (Note that we did not say home) for four
years and neglecting such wonderful opportunities for
pleasure and self-development. We don’t maintain
that following our advice will turn you out upon the
world a cultured and educated person. Only a great
deal of reading, thinking, and association with minds
greater than your own can do that. But we do offer
this prescription to get you out of an acknowledged rut.

Do you know the names of the important people
and places in Albany? Do you know the historical
significance or the story of the famous Schuyler man-
sion? Have you seen the crystal cave in the museum
of the education building? Did you know that the
author of “Adventure With a Genius,” which is going
into its second printing, is an Albanian? Did you
know that Dorothy Lathrop who creates the chubby,
life-like animal pictures lives on North Allen street?

It is not only the ignorance of these facts that we
bemoan, but the apparent lack of interest in Albany
presentations of stage and concert hall.. We don‘t
want to belittle the efforts of the Dramatlcs and Arts
association or Music council. We think they do a fine
service to the college by bringing us such fine pre-
sentations, but we feel sure that some of the artists
who are backed by Albany organizations are of as
fine calibre, and beside adding something to our own
program would train State students to better appre-
ciate our own Thesbian attempts.

Students read and enthusiastically approved “An
American Doctor's Odyssey," written by Victor Helser,
but think how much more vivid and personal would
be their impressions if they would attend his appear-
ance at the Albany High school in the near future.
The introduction of a permanent stock company in
Schenectady provides something in the way of real
stage entertainment for those of us who cannot afford
the bright lights of Broadway. Surely Cornelia Otis
Skinner is subtle enough to interest even our most
discriminating wllsl

Don't gct lhc idea that wc'rc going literary on you.

There are :1 great many things in other fields. If
you are taking I-llslory III, you can supplement your
class reading of lhc Spanish situation by attending a
lecture at Chancellor‘s Hall of a correspondent just
back from the Spanish front. Enough to prove the
practicality of our point.
’ There is so nmch in Albnny, and a great deal of it
is frcc. 'l‘hcrc is l‘olk-lorc enough to make “Listen for
n I..onc.~.omc Drum" sll up nnd take notice. There is
entertainment l-nough lo make it interesting and
worlh whilc. And, lhcrc's something satisfying about
having mndc Albany your home for four years. instead
of mcrcly u plncc lo hung your hat.

 

 

 

 

 

Appointment Bureau

 

lilvcry scnlor and graduate sludan knows that lhc
Appomlnn-nl lilu'cou is hcrc to aid him in obtaining
it lcnchlnp position. Bul most of llusc pcoplc do not
rcnlizc llnll ll 1:. their duty to gcl lllc Appointment
[inrcnu a job!

That is, cvcry sludcnl should fccl it his obligation
lo (llscovcr ull vncuncics possihlc lll lhc various schools
of lhc slulc. If hc is cligiblc for lhc position and
\vlshcs lo apply. hc should ask Lhc Liurcuu lo forward
his crcdcnliuls lo lllc principal, or olhcr hlrnu; Inc.-
(lnun, lf hc is mcligiblc hc should subnnl lhc infor-
mnlion lo lhc Iiurcuu so (but ;,omc olhcr pcrson muy
hnvc llic bcnclil of tho sulnuion. In (his way, addi-
llonnl :.chool:. will bccomc mlcrcslcd lll Sinlc grudu<
nlcs nnd :1 much highcr pcrccnlagc of pluccmcnlr. \vlll
hc rcnhzcd ln olhcr words. (lon'L wnll, wllh loldcd
hands, for u "surpiisc" lcnd from lhc liurcuu, llclp
yoursclf to a Job!

Anolhcr lhmg lo rcmcmbcr whcn Iilhng out lhc
blanks providcd m lln- lllllllllll cnvclopcs. ln- surc lo
l‘clnln, on scrap pupcl', a list of all activities and abil-
ilics llslcd for lhc foldcr. This is for In lill1'|)():.c o!
cosy rclcrcncc lor lhc sludan during lhc Wining of
letters of application. A glance at the pupcr will be

much casicr than a complclcly ncw compiling; of in— .

formation.

One of lhc most important services rendered by
the Appointment Bureau, and onc which is little real-
ized by most studans, is in the capacity oi a guid-
ance bureau, and will be glad to discuss any problems
that students may have with regard to teacher place—
ments, letters of application, ethics, and interviews.
For friendly information, take your problems to rooms
121 A and B of Milne High school.

State Educators
Meet_0_c_t3ber 21

Graduates Will Participate
in Sectional Conference
at Schenectady

Educators from all parts of the
state will meet Thursday and Friday
October 21 and 22, for the Eastern
Zone conference of the New York
State Teacher’s Association. The
meeting, which will convene at Sche-
nectady, will be the ninety-second
annual one of the group.

Many former State students will
take part in the two-day program,
and a goodly representation of the
present student body and faculty
attend the conference.

Among the State graduates who
will take part are: Florence Potter,
’28, Pownal, Vermont; Mrs. Donald
Moat, ‘26, Cleveland, Ohio; Margaret
Benjamin, '26; Mary Moore, ’34, Had-
ley; Lucille Hirsch, ’35 Dave Kroman,
'35; Helen Mahar, '35: Chrissie Cur-
tis Nagel, '28, Phelps; Lillian Pres-
cott, '18; E. W. H. Goewey, '27; Mrs.
Leven Haver, '25, Kingston; William
French, '29, instructor in education;
Gil De Laura, '33, Utica.

Alice Daly, '25, Rhinebeck; Helen
B. Otis. ’31, Albany; T. P. Fallon, ’29.
Albany; Mrs. Evelyn G, Briggs, ’29,
Albany: Edith Higgins, ’25 Glovers-
ville; Kolln Hager. '17, Schenectady;
Peggy Ten Eyck. Narrowsbul‘g;
Florence Craddock, '25, Albany;
Frank Hardmeyer, '36, Ithaca;
Grace E. Fox, Blnghamton; Mrs.
John McCrcary, '18, Cohoes; Mrs, L.
N. Harrington, ’22, Utica; Elaine
Baird, ’36, Central Valley; Marion
Relnhart, ‘34, Red Hook.

Frances Studebaker, '36, Camden;
Karl Ebcrs. ’36; Glenn Ungerer, '36,
Atlanta; William Nelson, '35, Peeks-

.kill; Joseph Walker, ‘18, Greenport;

Cliff Rall, '35. Kerhonk.

Outlines Programs
of ‘News’ Novices

State College New—s— Gives All
Freshmen Equal Chance

Attention all Sophomore reporters
on. (he STA'ri-i Cocnnos News staff]!

Many questions have been raised
during the past two weeks as to the
duties of reporters on the News
staff. The ans board takes this
opportunity to make public these
duties and to urge all present soph-
omore reporters to take special no-
lice.

The STATE Common News is a stu-
dent owned and operated paper.
Advancement on the staff is based
entirely upon compelilivc work
done throughout each year. All
freshmen cnlcring State college are
given an opportunity to study journ-
alism, and especially the style of
the S’I‘A'l‘li Connor: Nuws, through
means of the cub classes conducted
twice \vcckly. Reporters on the
vas are chosen from students
showing special promise in these
classes.

In November of their sophomore
year. from four to six of these re-
porLcrs are chosen by the board to
be sophomore desk editors. The fol-
lowing Movlng-up day three of the
desk editors are advanced to posi-
lions of junior associate managing
cdilors, and from lhcsc lhrcc nrc
chosen on cdilor-in—chicf and a man-
nuing cdilor in their scnior your

All rcporlcrs arc cxpcclcd to work
on lhc ans in lhc Aclivllics ol'ficc
lwo nights a wcck,---—chncsdny nnd
cilhcr Monduy or Tuesday. It is on
lhc basis of ntlcndancc on lllcsc
mains and work done llnll (lcsk cdi—
lors urc chosen. Slorics urc, assign—
cd to rcporlcrs on Friday. ulul urc
duc on Monday night.

Hellenics

My fch nchc, and my snnlc l:
\vorn, but lhcrc's u swcll bunch of
frosh, and lnlcrsororily u-u ls ovcr.
'l‘hc short drcsscs, well . , . .

News on lhc battle front—«AEPhl
\vclcomcd to lhc fold Soils Rosciu
mag, '30, and Phyllis Grossmun, ’36.
And i). 0, said "howdy" lo Gcnc-
vicvc Curlcy, '37.

Kuly Jumbn, ‘37, made illl uppcnrv
once at Kuppa Dclln. who came
through last week with tho pledging
of Elizabeth Lockwood, '30,

Adding to lhc list of new Greeks,
D. 0, put the little pin on Joyce
Chapman, ‘40.

Well, girls, keep things on lhc. up
and up, and make your rushing

 

 

 

 

 

 

clean.

 

Statesman

 

 

 

We're in again, but unlike the
frosh, our clothes and spirits are not
in the least dampened. We don’t
get the point about Minerva, but
evidently she was all broken up
about it.

And then there were the lice that
got in Wobble’s hair. WABY round-
ed the clock with “Dedicated to Mary
Densmore . . . The Moon Got in My
Eyes."

We understewd that Time, Tide,
and Kingsley wait for no man . , .
so the little lady showed up at KDR
Saturday night. “The smith a
mighty man was he" . . . put up
your dukes!

Lecset We forget to mention it, we
predict that there will be helen some
quarters of the School unlasher line
is as good as his.

There comes a rumor that Tor-
rens insisted upon rehearsing the
junior skit . . . not that We blame
him athall, but we'll bet he’s been
coached by some other lane. P. S.
Refreshments were served if you
could get near them.

To get the rest of the dirt over
before We invoke the love bug . . .
Hertwig’s telephone gag to get up
on the second floor of an ABC sor-
ority house . . . Dorwalt's take-lt-all
club for the first semester includes
Al Cooper and Stan Kullman . . .
Saturday was annual Shoeless night
after Intersorority tea.

Maybe it’s only a plattonic friend-
ship, but one sophomore certainly
has the will to Win. No dickering
around either.

Alumni notes . . . Vanderpoel (we
missed up last week) was in town,
and is in love, what with three or
so letters coming from Boston daily.
He likes O’Meara, tho . . . Coming
this weekend should be Deno (no
lessl, Margison, Torrens, Stunt, and
Jimmy again,

Said Hattie to Walters, from a
dark corner, “Oh, don't get me
started" . . . Said Kelly as a bunch
of EEPs were discussing religion,
“Last year‘s bull sessions were on
women."

Porcino must be pretty disap—
pointed. Phil Sullivan got a birth-
day card from Chris . . . the Wolff
is at Barrett‘s door , . , a couple of
EEPs thought a Morcland hall fresh-
man was pretty nice . . . Warning to
Steve Bull—don't smile too broadly
on sight of a brace of Gamma Kaps.

Thats all, but don‘t forget, we‘ll
be leering at you. And remember, a
bird in the hand is apt to be messy.

THE MAN OF STATE.

Publications State
Programs for Year

Echo, I’cdug‘og‘uc, Directory, Lion,
Name Appointments

 

Willi the start of the college year,
work has got under way on lhc slu-
dcnl publications of the college: the
l.)lrcclory. the Lion, lhc Echo, and
lhc Pcdugoguc.

The Dircclory is published annual-
ly for the benefit of the student
body, according lo Belly Baker, ’39,
cdilor. Il. conlnins the addresses and
lclcphonc numbcrs of lhc faculty,
ul'ollp houscs, and sludcnls of State
('(lllcuc. This is a urcle convenience
Lo lln- sludcnl body 2nd release ls
cspcclcd bclorc lhc, 'f‘hanksgiving
reccss.

This ycnr lhc Lion. collcgc humor
innunzinc, is inuugurnllng :1 new
policy, as will bc sccn in its uppcur—
zinco uboul Novcmbcr l. lnzcltc
l’nrshull, '38, cdilor—in—chicl', has an-
nouncl-d lhnl cach issue will have a

 

ccnlrul Ihcmc.

l ’I‘hc frcslnncn will bcgin Work on
llhc :.ccond issuc. Richard Lonsdnlc,
I :ll). has ln-cn cln-clcd Managing Edi—
lor to fill lhc position vncutcd by
Mlll'lcl (lohlln‘l‘g’.

'l‘hc Prdngoguc is the lust of lhe
uroup lo Innkc us lippcurancc on the
campus. lVInr_]'orlc Crist, '38, (editor-
in-chicf, sold that lhc new “Pod” is
going to bc dill'crcnl. There will be
,morc picluros and less writlng. There
\\'lll bc cundld camcrn shols and a
full spread photo of the :ampns in
color.

Thc [dc/m, colic-go lilcrury maga-
zinc, will be published seasonally.
according lo .qun lmvak, ’Iili. editor-
in-chicf. All sludcnl contributions
will be welcomed and will be includ-
cd in the magazine if their quality
warrants publication.

 

 

croft, Marglson, Byrnes, Morris . . .

 

. Pace '3.

 

 

 

 

 

The
Pitchers
Box

W. D. R.

We offer a special treat this issue
. . . especially to the frosh . . . but
you upperclassmen can take a peep
into the records of our returning
varsity basketeers . . . we would like
to mention Barrington, Ryan, Ban-

 

 

 

 

but what more could we add to their
enviable records . . . so we offer you
a “squint” at the records . . .

Captain Tommy Ryan, ’38, left
Mechanlcvllle High as a varsity let-
terman in Basketball and Track . . .
holding down a forward berth one
season and switching from the for—
ward to the pivot position in his
senior year . . . in track Ryan was
a 100 and 220 man, receiving three
year varsity recognition , . . for the
past two years Ryan has played var-
sity basketball and varsity baseball
for the Purple and Gold . . . in in-
trmural track Ryan holds the 440
record . . . Last season Ryan was
the sole junior on the entire varsity
squad . . .

“Wheezc” Lehman, ‘39, and expon—
ent of Worcester Central High
school, had three years of varsity
basketball and four years of varsity
baseball to his credit when he enter-
ed State in the fall of ’35 .
“Wheeze” played center on the fresh
squad under Jerry Amyot, ’36, and
moved up to the varsity squad last
year to be a “plug” in Coach Hat-
field‘s galloping “sophomore quin-
tet.” . . .

Mike Walko, ‘39, a Cohoesier from
the other side of the tracks, enter-
ed State with an enviable football,
basketball, and track record behind
him . . . his bulk proved his “par
excellence“ with the shot and discus
, . Mike played Frosh basketball
and last year stepped into the var-
sity tapping posl . . . for the past
two years Walko has shown us in
Intramural track that his putting
and discus hurling ability has not
slipped . . .

George Amyol. '39, another of
Coach Finn's Amyols, was a two-
year cross-counlry man and a track—
ster . . . he tried his hand at basket-
ball and baseball to fill up time , . .
it was Gerald Bonacker. vice-presi—
dent. of NENYPSL. Section B, who
once said to Coach Finn, the Cohoes
High mcnlor, “That kid has an eye,
Finn. He'll go places." . . . Amyot
in his lwo years at State has playcd
bolh freshman and varsity baskcl~
ball, holding down a varsity guard
posl last year . . .

Frank Quailrochi. ‘39, was a triple
threat man at Fort Edward. having

plnycd varsity basketball, football, 1m, “u Edd“, Reynolds .38 last

nnd bnscbnll . . . Frank stuck it out
for four vcnrs of football with lhc
mill lnnnls . . . he also played Frosh
bnskclball and lnsl scason movcd
up lo u varsity bcrlh lulcr in lhc
scnson . , . Qualtrochi nlso has lwo
years of vnrsily baseball to his col-
lcgc crcdil. having plnycd lhc kcy-
slonc suck for lhc pnsl lwo seasons,
l'iill 'I‘ol'l‘clls. '39, hails from Now»
burgh lhth . . . Bill had four ycnrs
of fumbling :lnd lwo ycnrs of truck
at N:'\\‘hlll'ul1. hclnu' "loo (hnnncd
small loi loolbnll :(nd b:i.~.kc1bull."
ch wondcrlh . , in lhc pnsl

lwo ycnrs :ll Slnlc Hill has bccn u
lulnblcr, u lrucksfcr, und u buskclccr
. , . lll‘ pl:l_\'cd l"l‘l)Hll lluskclhull and
n rnzn-a Ill' plum n |)c\\‘ll(ll-l'llu,‘ swift

Ill-r... ]Jlll llllll lllulll [lll‘ \ul‘.,ll\ l'llsll'l'
lull yn-nr . . lll lllll':lllllll'.ll lrnck
1th inc. -',l\('ll llh‘ sprint nn-n plcnly
ol oppordlnnl

Ml‘l‘l'lll llurd. ‘iill n four-lclu-r

Inun .ul l‘lll.l.\l-Zl High. cumc Io Slutc
‘.\ll|i l“-.lh'lll‘lll'l plu. lhn'd wns
:1 Inc ..,l: l:(l.:»l(iilllll‘\ lllull .l‘.
\\l =l .l 'u lll‘ .x lvuillmll llhlll , lll‘
hno llilll v.1: (1“.lll uv hankclonzl
l‘\]" :h .1 .il'nl llllll lil‘wlll oi lill
~u lulu!  lllll'll plnycd wnh
lnc ‘lll ‘1; ,o‘ :1: Mn u lll'hlllllllll \cul
:lln: .lmnx .‘,lil‘. llll‘ li‘llrh (plaid
1no\c(l in; l y ‘llc ‘.ll':xll_\

l)lii.c lll‘l.‘~lll\ll\\ll/. 'illJ is n ul'udll-
nlc of l’cx:' 1(Ill lllrh. on n from
"llukc lllillll lln- '..’ll'.\ll\ (plnll un-

(lcr (touch W. Irving (locwcy nnd m,
a rcsull hc has on lhc vnrsily roslcr
\thn his sophomorc mall-s \vcrc
ruiscd lo v-nrsuy In-rlhs. lilxvcpl for
Tommy ltyun, "l)ukc" 1s lhc only
vclcrnn boasting lwo ycau's of var-
siiy cxpcricncc. As Amyot, "Duke"
has been twice selected to rcprc—
soul lhe class of ’39 on M. A, A.

_ first of next month.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, OCTOBER 8, i937

Varsity Quintet
To Have—Practice

Varsity Quintet to Report;
Walko, Amyot to Lead
Freshman Team

 

Coach G. Elliott Hatfield has set
Monday afternoon at 4:30 o'clock for
State’s initial varsity basketball
practice. Varsity practice will be
conducted Monday and Wednesday
afternoons at 4:30 in Page hall for
the remainder of the month. The
workouts will be devoted entirely to
such fundamentals, as ball handling
passing, dribbling, and learning
plays.

Tuesday afternoon at 4:30 o'clock
Frosh basketball practice will swing
under way on the Page hall court.
The Frosh will use the gym on Tues-
day and Thursday afternoons for
the rest of the month. The Fresh-
men this season will be coached by
Mike Walko, ’39, and George Amyot,
'39, both varsity men of last year.

There will probably be no scrim-
mage during these sessions although
it is not known at present whether
all the frosh making the initial
turnout will stick with the squad.
No mention has been made to late
as to when the first “cut” will be
made. Probably it will come after
the first few scrimmages which will
not be conducted much before the

The varsity men of last season who
will undoubtedly answer Coach Hat-
field's call Monday afternoon are
Captain Tommy Ryan, ’38, and
"Duke" Hershkowitz, Mike Walko,
George Amyot, “Wheeze” Lehman,
Merrill Hurd, Bill Torrens, and
Frank Quattrochi, juniors.

Many, if not all, of last season’s
frosh squad will be on deck. Tom
Harrington‘s squad of ’40ers consist-
ed of Barney Tuttle, Homer Leggett,
Larry Balog, Walt Simmons, Walt
Danilewicz. Jimmy Quinn, Walt
Harper, Will Frament, Ken Hnser,
Lloyd Kelly, Jack Moore, and Dar
Van Keuren. .

Illness Catches
Stale Harriers

Willi less than three weeks be-
fore lhe Stale Tcachcrs' harriers en-
lcr their first meet againsl the De]-
hi Agglcs, lhc chances of a good
season npp‘ar indeed slim.

Injurics and ineligibility have
scvcrcly hnndicoppcd our ill-fated
c1'(')ss-counlry lcam this year.

Manager Joc DcRusso, ’38, the hill
and dalcrs‘ No, 3 man, is out with

 

lycar's captain and No, 4 man will be
lunablc to run as it conflicts with
lhis prnclicc (caching. This leaves
but four inch to carry lhc burden of
lhc lculn. Harold Haynes, ‘38, cup-
lnin and No, 1 man, nppcnrs dubious
as to keeping lhc Slulc harrlcrs' rec—
ord of no dcl'cnls unblemished.
Tho only ray of sunshine that
keeps the team going is the fact that
three cxpcricnccd freshmen and lwo
sophomores are out for varsity

Intramural Chairman

Announces Managers

Pat Miranda, chairman of M.
A. A. Intramural council, has
announced the appointment of
the following men as managers
of the various intramural sports:
Steve Bull, touch football; Bob
Mesek, volley ball; Steve Paris,
soccer; Johnny Eckel, golf; Bob
Agone, horseshoes; Earle Cleaves,
senior softball; Santi Porcino,
junior softball; Norm DeNeef,
sophomore softball; Len Var-
mette, freshman softball.

The sports are to be run off
on the following days: Monday
at 3:45 touch football; Wednes-
day at 3:45 softball for the
freshmen and sophomores. and
at 4:30 for the Juniors and sen~
iors; Thursday at 4:00 volley
ball; and Friday at 4:00 horse-
shoes and golf.

Frosh Men Sign
Fill—oddball

Eighteen Aspirants W i l l
Seek Positions on Court
Team for Coming Year

 

Johnny O’Brien, ‘3’], M. A. A.
president, has announced that 18
freshmen signed up Activities Day
for for frosh basketball.

A glance over the results of the
whole season shows four victories as
arrayed against ten losses. That
gives a batting average of .286, which
fails, of course, to take into consid-
eration the toughness of the opposi-

before. the yearling onslaught, in the
opening game 26-22, and on Febru-
ary 12, when Harper‘s foul shot gave
the freshmen a 29-28 win.

Against R. P. I., the freshmen
broke even. They lost 27-20 on De-
cember 5, only to erase that loss with
a 32-27 victory later in the season.
With Heatlcy High school, of Green
Island, the heifer hoopsters also di-
vided the two-game series. State
went over there to win on January
8, but Heatlcy prevailed on the Page
hall court on February 13.

Troy Business college, a very good
loam, beat the yearlings in their
own backyard on January 8, in a
poorly played game. The six re—
maining games, home-and—home se-
ries with Rensselaer, Amsterdam,
and Mont Pleasant, resulted in six
losses. Despite a heart-breaking loss
to Mont Pleasant at home, the fresh-
men displayed a brilliant offensive
as well as a fast-clicking defensive.

Balog and ch'gcil at forward,
Simmons at center, and Framcnt
and Quinn at guard. was lhc usual
starting line-up.

Conch Harrington turned out a
squad \ch1 filled lo challenge Coach 1
Hall'icld's galloping “sophomores”
for bcrlhs this season. '

The frcshmen who signed up Ac-

tion. Milne High school fell twice 

 

Fall Season

Soccer
Saddles

Sweater

 

 

 

 

8. C.

Due to the absence of equipment,
the soccer lassies have been putting
in a little phantom practice. At the
present moment there are no soccer
balls in evidence, so the gals are
getting their formations down pat,
with nothing to kick about.

Speaking of perfection, the hockey
players think they’re getting pretty
good. In the practice game Satur-
day with the Mohawks, members of
the squad learned plenty with the
expert assistance of Miss Meisener,
the Mohawks’ coach.

Riding starts today and tomorrow
at the Old Orchard stable, which
has the best horses and instruction
in these “hyar” parts. An hour class
beginning at 3:30 on Fridays will
cost $.85, while an hour any time
Saturday will be $1.25, Besides, A. A.
offers a 30% refund to all persons
who complete ten hours of riding
credit.

The tennis tournament is well un-
der way, with the final play-offs
coming up sometime next week.
Wonder who'll be our potential Alice
Marble?

Members of the two upper 'classes
who are going to Camp Johnston
this weekend will loll in the lap of
luxury. We hear rumors that camp
is becoming more and more comfy.
It now boasts gay new curtains, new
paint inside and out, new mattresses
and the oil stove is in perfect
working order. My, my home was
never like this!

Is there a photographer in the
crowd? Well. we are calling in all
“candid camera" snaps of Frosh
camp, and Play day. Give them to
June Palmer, who takes care of the
A. A. scrapbook.

oil. Will Hike '—
Around Ladder

Jobeon Appointed Chairman;
Chooses Committee List
for Annual Hike

 

Frosh—-—do you want to see upper-
classmen in their unguarded mo-
ments? Upperclassmen —— do you
want to find out if the freshmen
can take it? Discover all this and
more besides on one of G. A. A.’s
annual Indian Ladder hikes, Satur-
day. Buses will leave Albany from
the rear entrance of Draper hall at
9:45 o'clock.

If one needs incentive to conquer
the impediments of the glorious
trail, ambitious hikers can get in
tune by climbing the mysterious
wagon road, while the more blase
ride to the top.

The chairman of the outing is
Phyllis Jobson, ’38. Her committees
include: entertainment, Della Do-
lan, ’39, chairman, Virginia Furey,
Mildred King, and Helen Lowry,
Juniors, and Rita Sullivan, '40; food,
Marie Metz, 40, chairman, Bertha
Kazell, Sally Young and Ruth Cass,
sophomores; faculty, Ruth Shoe-
maker, ’38, chairman, and Margaret
Mattison, '39; buses, Rita Sullivan,
’40; advertising, Betty Bunce, ’40,
chairman, June Amacher, ’40, Fran-
ces Riani and Betty Elson, fresh-
men; clean-up, Mary Trainer, ’40,
ch air in a n, Virginia McDermott,
Frances Wood, Ethel Fasoldt, Doro-
thy Mlx, Charlotte Ritchie, Mary
Miller and Shirley Tooker, freshmen.

 

EAT A'l‘ JOHN’S LUNCH
Dinners 250 and up
Delicious Sandwiches and
Sundaes
7:30 A. M. — 11:00 P. M.
Opp. the High School

 

 

 

 

 

One Thing That It Takes
To Bring You Higher Grade

 
 

“Wines-sway.

Parker

"l'mmm

 

The Revolutionary Pen with

 

livilics Day are: Cyril Kin), John
Yulscnik, Slcvc Paris, Dick Aber-,
nalhy. William Clark, Stanley"
Smith, Gcrald Snddlcmlrc, James
Chnppcll, Gcorgc Noonan, Roy Mc-,
Crcary, .Joscph Schwartz, Louis,
Grccnspan, John Joncs, Frcd Dny,‘
Charles Quinn, Lcn Varmcllc, Billl
Brophy, and Steve Bull.

 

 

 

bcrlhs. The sophomores, Louis
li‘rnlnrcllo and Steve Szawlowski, un-
nblc lo run last year because of in-
jurics in pushbull arc back this year.

The fly in lhc oinlmcnl is lhcl
qucslion' "Whul \vill Ihcy do in rcull
compclilion'!” l

(‘ros:.-connlr\ .s n rclnlchly now‘
\lll'hll,,\‘ sporl nl Hlillc. ’l‘hls your'
marks lhc fourlh M‘ur'oll of its in—l
luncy 'l‘hc brcnks \vcrc uguinsl lhcl
sound lhc lirsl lwo yours and il'
sw mm] as 11 lln- :porl would fold up.

l.usl ycur, howcvcr, lhc inlcrcsl in-
Ihn. :porl \vns nrousl d nnd lhc hilll
.nnl (lull-rs hnd lhcir mosl succcss—l
lul yr-ur V'

      

, :  who
 OPTICIAl‘! o
FRE D ETTE 5
65 Columbiaitfotvroton tin/1
COMPLETE. . v PIlCAL seduce.

 

 

      

 

Good Food and

at [I

(I O F If E E

 

council.

 

AGAR’S 

a Friendly Fire

10

S HO P

Western at Quail

 

 

Now—40 hclp put your Lcnrniny; on (I highcr
planc than cvci‘, Pnrkcr prcscnls its grcnlcsl
ochicvcmcnlwthc ncw Spccllliuc Vncunml ic.

A conquering Fun is this, liccnnsc il lll‘VL‘l‘
runs dry in clnsscs or cxnms. ll mm; you con-
tinuous ycnr-round inilchgc if you mcrcly llll
ii 3 or 4 films from onc l)ll'lllllily 1o lhc ncxi.

Hclcl in f llc liphl , if shows 1 thN'l'lRlS ink
supply—~sliows (luvs zlhcml if if s runniny, low.
A\vhollycxcluslvcum]originnl :uylc—d’nrkcr's

lnniinnlcd I’cnil illlll lit—now
SllL‘i‘illlllC shupc.

And not nni'cly inollcrn in Slylc, lull mod-
crn also in mcrhnnisin. lls SACI.ESS und
pnicnlcll I’)inphr1unn Fillcr I‘oxllcully (lcpzu‘ls
from oil cni'licr ivpcs, whcihcr lhcy huvc n

rublvcr ink snc or not.

Good [it n counlcrs llll' now showing; this
pcdigrccd Bcnul y. (in mid scc and try if toduy.
The I’oikcr l’cn Cu, Jnncsvillc, Wis.

Mnlmrs n/ Qllflllx', tho now pon-
cloulung mk lic, 15c and up.

ﬁrlcer 1‘ “if;
%=

now in a new and Superlative Model
~—-Par/ecr’s Speed/inc Vacmnatic.’

~

   

' ' 

 
    
   
   

HOLDS 102%
MORE INK

wuh i'csll'ul

 

THAN OUR
FAMOUS DUOFDLD

0 Inc.
'A M.
e VACUMA’I‘IC ==%
ouaaanrseo MECHANICALLV PERFECT
Pens, $5, $7.50, $8.75, $l0. Pencils to match: $2.50, $3.50, $3.75, $5.

 

 

