   

 

 
   

   
 

 

 

 

 

l
l
l
l
.
l
.

 

~ ‘4rx-A-r'53 :‘

 

 

 

Page 2

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established by the Class of 1918

The undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
College for Teachers

Published every Friday of the college year by the New
Board representing the Student Association
Telephones: Office, 5-9373;; Wolzok, 2-6'752; Smith,
3-1848; Nightingale, 2-4144; Gaylord, 2-4314
Entered as second class matter in the Albany, N. Y.
postoffice

 

IIPIIIINTID FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING IV

NaiuonalAdvertlsmg Semce,lnc.
College Publisher: Reprcslnmﬂm

420 MADIsou AVE. New YORK, N. Y.

Cameo - BOSTON - LO! ANGILEB - SAN FRANCISCO

THE. NEWS BOARD

Sorma Women  Editor-in-Chief
DAVID B. SMITH   Managing Editor
Roasar E. Hss'rwm Associate Managing Editor
Emma B. O’Homl .  Associate Managing Editor
JEAN Srsono  Associate Managing Editor
MILDRED E. Nlo  Business Manager
CHARLES W. GAYLORD Advertising Manager
VICTORIA A. Blur  .... .. Circulation Manager

THE NEWS STAFF

William Ryan . . , . . . . , . . . . . . . . ..Men’s Sports Editor
Charles Franklin
Betty Clark .................. ..-  Women's Sports Editor
Sophomore Desk Editors
Robert Cogger Saul Greenwaid
Leonard Kowalsky David Minsberg

Associate Editors

Ramona Van Wie Albert Archltzel Joyce Maycock
Charles Ettinger Charles Walsh

Assistants to Business Board
Assistant Business Manager ................ ..Grace Castigllone
Assistant Advertising Man igcr. ..................... ..Joan Byron

Businr ss Staff
Doris Parizot. Marcia Brown. Kenneth Haser, Harold
Haynes, Robert Cogger, John Newstead Mary
Gabriel, Elga Schlavi, Harriet Sprague

Reporters '
Betty Bunce, Giacinta Capuana, Margaret Collins,
Virginia Elson, Eloise Hartmann, Charles Kelly,
Hilda Kronovit, Freida Kurkhill, Thelma Miller, Bernice
Mosbey, Arthur Phibbs, Louis Rickman, Elga Schiavi,
George Stangler, Barbara Van Patten.

Contribute 01c] Books

Last week, the Red Cross drive, lead by
Myskania, met with an enthusiastic support
on the part of the student body. This spirit
we commend heartily. However, following
up on this enthusiasm, the “News” is con-
ducting a campaign in conjunction with the
library, along slightly different lines.

Each year calls come in from the various
hospitals of disabled veterans of the world
war for books and magazines which the
college students have no longer use.
Hitherto, there has been no organized agen-
cy to meet with these requests.

Beginning Monday, the “News” will
place a box underneath the pencil sharp-
ener at the pe'listyle entrance to the library.
Students desiring to contribute books or
magazines as part of this campaign may de-
posit them in this convenient receptical.

Also, if in your check-up your should
come across library books which have some-
how by mistake been taken out from the
library, please deposit these ill this box,
too.

 

  
  
 
 
 
 
  

 

 
   

 

Otto Howe
Sally Young

 

’
State 3 Spring Festival
Every large college throughout thc
country has some sort of spring festival
composed of an outdoor prog'um of music
and group dancing. 'l‘hcsc p'rogran'ls thc
been very popular, huye ntlraclcd large
audicnccs, and in general have hroughl
much favorable comment. to [ho collcgc

Hlnlc for some rousou has lower before
had such a lll'lllfl'till’l. 'l'his your, four dc~
pnrlnu-nls of lhc collcgc, unmcly, l'Illghsh,
Lnlin, llun'c und l’hysicul l'Iducullon. huyo
L'lllllllllil'll rcsourccs lo pill on n nolcwol'lhy
spring program, "lClcclru," u (lri-oll ploy hy
l‘luripldcs, in lho liil'llm'dson Momorful

(ircck lhonlrc.
it is up lo lhc sludonls of Slnlc lo n'mkc
this initial ycnluro n sllccl-ss. 'l‘l'youls arc

Assistant Sports Editor l

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, DECEMB

 

Appointment Bureau

 

 

The committees discussed and planned in the last
meeting of seniors and graduate students will begin
their work during the coming week. The first com—
mittee to meet is the personal interview and personal
appearance panel. The people on this committee are:
Mary Brannigan, Merriam Gould, Henry Green, Greta
Jackson, Eleanor Miller, Kay Ryan, Florence Schei-
derich, Margaret Winn, and Lucille Zak. These people
will meet Tuesday at 3:30 o’clock in room 121B of
Milne high school.

In the same room, on Wednesday at 3:30 o'clock
the committee studying the letter of application will
meet to discuss its plans. On this committee are
Thelma Miller, Linwilla Sayer, and Martha Seheid.
On Thursday at 3:30 o’clock, Joseph Cutaia, Ruth
Hoffman, Charlotte Libman, and Helen Olski of the
ethics committee will meet.

At these meetings the aim will be to establish a
procedure as to how to attack the problems and how
to work for the maximum good for the entire group.

Those students who have not signed for any of
these groups and are interested in joining are asked
to attend the meeting of the committee they are in-
terested in.

Iii it It It! t

The Appointment Bureau now has four books on
reserve in the college library in connection with teach-
er placement. Seniors are asked to read these books
to aid themselves in the various processes of job-
getting. The books in the library now are:

Selection and Appointment of Teachers, Bulletin, No.
17, 1932, by W. S. Deffenbaugh and William H.
Zeigel, Jr.

Are American Teachers Free? by Howard K. Beale

Institutional Teacher Placement, edited by J. T. Um-
stattd.

Techniques of Teacher Self-placement, by William A.

MacDougall, PhD.

it a a: a It
The deadline for the collection of the one-dollar
fee was November 29. Those who have neglected to
pay their dollar as yet are urged to do so immediately.
it It s a is

Finally, the three pictures returned to senior and

graduate students registered with the bureau have a

purpose in life other than gracing the loved one's

dresser, One of the pledges subscribed to by every ap-
plicant registered with the'Appointment Bureau is to
keep his record up-to-date. If some principals were
to forget to return a few folders these photographs
would be needed for new sets of records. l.

 

Institutional Teacher Placement
Edited by J. G. Umstattd
222 pages

While this book devotes a great deal of space to
the actual function and administration of an appoint-
ment bureau, nevertheless, it contains many chapters
of information on teacher placement and selection.
To show the history of the case, Mr, Umstattd traces
in placement from the time when the advertising sec-
tion of the newspaper was the principal medium to
the modern day when lnore than eight hundred colleges
have sol. up teacher appointment offices.

The book emphasizes the importance of the place-
nlent office as a reference for statistics on pervlons
placements, a review of the best leads and opportuni-
ties, and guidance in selecting fields according to the
supply and demand data.

One section of the book gives illustrations of some of
the problems confronting the placement officer. Not
only are these interesting, but they tell specifically
whnl not to do if you want to obtain a position. For
example, "John Brown spends an excessive amount
of time ill the appointment office, apparently under
the impression that if he bothers you enough, you will
get him a job."

The qualifications of a good teacher ill'c cnumcr-
nlcd. nml cnlnrgcd upon. (iood llcnllh, good scholnr-
hillp, illl(l good spccch nrc :sll‘cnncd. l‘nl'llclpulloll lil
l-xlruw-lnsn ncllvill‘cs is lnvnlllnblc. ’l‘o quolo Ulllhlillld
“l‘Ilnliloyi-l'n ol li‘lll'lll'l‘t. ul'l- i‘hlll'l'lllll) llllcl'osll'd hl
pollplo uho lnm- hnd l'col cxpcricncc 1n lcudlln, ulnl
in-llllil', llllllli’, \yllh olhcl' iit'l)])ll‘.” lil'l'nlltw ol lhc !'l'l'lll
colupl-lllloll bcIul-l-h :.llulclll.~. for li'lll'llllli', poslllolln.
lhc nulhol' llmlu-s ,*-.|)l‘('lill llllll' ol lhc l.u'( lhul pron—
pccllyc Il'lll'lll'i‘h should hu\c more lhul. olll- llcld.
.L~;pi-l'lullr:llloll hos lll'l'il i‘lll‘lli‘ll lo .ln l“.ll'\‘l||~‘, llllll
lllhll:. lhc |lu:..‘.lllllilll'h ol lllllli'llil‘lll

()llc cllnplcr ol‘ lhc book lnkcs up lll dcluil lhc
pclmllnl ullcrvlcw und lho Icllcr ol li|l|lll(‘llllllll, 'l‘hc
nppllcnnl. should lry, ill lhc former cnsc purllculnrly,
lo l'l‘lil'll n hnppy nlcdlum of :sclf colllldcnco butwccn
lhc cxll'clncs of nuizl'c:-..~.lvcn:.:. nnd lhnldlly.

 

being conducted loduy, so let's all bond ollr
talents toward making lhls production it
success.

lloivcycr, lhc most vital poinl, winch 1:. 'lll to : cldom

ER 3. 1937

Personal
Viewpoints

Yeah, we're offl In more ways
than a singleton. We’ve long had a
desire to fill up the space on the
editorial page with an uneditorially
toned paragraph, and now when
we‘re given leave, We find the ideas
coming as swift as a stone dog set
in concrete runs when the marble
statue whistles.

First We'll just mention a thing
the didoes of the Junior Guides in
their discussion of interest groups
recalled—and that is the men's club,
a defunct and corpse—like organiza-
tion that some of us tried to resus-
citate last spring. It has been said
that it is irretrievable because per-
sons refused to pay the dollar fee.
Now, this is not the triviality it
seems—but we believe that it could
be revived and Dracula-like walk
again. Cost could be decreased and
then more might be interested. We
think it would be swelegant. But it
must come from an interested group
and not from two or three leaders.

The fault with the organizing will
probably be in the fact that a few
persons interested ill all activities
will lead the group who’ll follow
sheepllke or refuse oxenlike. We
hope it's not the case of another
Noah‘s Ark. Men, your wallet-sock-
ers can support W. A. A. and Y. W.-
C. A.—why can‘t We support two like
organizations?

It Iii Iii iii

Now to turn to sports, we hoped
that this football rivalry would de-
velop into a competition that would
wind up in all “Onion Bowl" special.

a it vi a

We congratulate that Big Apple'
polished class—the juniors. They
follow the sophomoron plan of union
—a get-together, after a banquet.
However, it‘s too bad that a date
beside a mid-week inconvenience
couldn't have been arranged, but we
realize it was because of the busy
weekends before Christmas and
sleep.

 

a it 't 4:
Now We expect to receive our
weekly batch of crank letters, but if
the bomb in our soup doesn't spatter
on your tie, we’ll be back next week.
Ego.

 

Statesman

 

Helgh ho . . . Here we are again.
After our vacation we hate to get
back to a job such as this. But then,
“On with the show!"

New, who‘s got a grudge against
the Statesman? The Directory came
ous last week and everyone made it.
Dick seems to have found sure
footing at the Dorln.

Ask Huvko to tell you how things
were ill the back seat on the way to
Blnglulmton.

A directory on Ontario street bears
the curious inscription "145." ill-
vcstl’g'nlioll l'cvculs that u self-lip-
].‘()lllL(.‘(l C(lllllllll.l,(.‘o of four (We won-
dol- who?) spent a wee llonr Saulr-'
day A. M. iii a page to page canvuss’
of Stulc‘s lililClll'lllltllllOllH lnssics. 145
made the grade and were deemed elig—

 

State ’8 Stage

Brickbats
Brickbats
Brickbats

 

 

PLAYGOER

Perhaps the Advanced Dramatics
class is under the impression that it
can rest on its laurels. The two
plays presented Tuesday, November
23 showed a complete lack of finish.
Is it more rehearsal they need; is
it more careful attention to detail;
or is it a finer appreciation of the
type of material they attempt to
render? .

Both plays were a disappomtment.

We are sorry to say that the aud-
ience missed the point of Miss Chris-
ler’s play? Why? Our suggestion is
that the cast failed to carry to the
audience that spark of Irish imag-
ination and patriotism that makes
the play ring true.

Miss Whelan brought an artifi-

ficiality and theatricality to a part,
the keynote of which, We had always
felt should be a powerful simplicity.
The emotional appeal which the boy
lnust have felt to make his follow-
ing the old woman inevitable—this
Miss Whelan did not get across to
us. Mr. Mechan did look the part,
and had a few convincing moments.
Mr. Doran had what seemed to be
.the only authentic Irish accent in
lthe play.
l Miss Donnelly‘s character was out
of place in a peasant cottage. Her
cultural voice and delicate manner
struck a false 1101.0, The play was
well mounted, with sets, costumes,
and props lending a note of authen-
ticity to the play. And in the last
few minutes of the action a fine
pitch was reached and sustained.
When the curtains finally closed,
however, we could not feel that we
had glimpsed that spiritual fire that
kept Ireland alive.

Mis Haas’ play missed being a very
successful drawing room comedy by
the accident of being played three
times too slowly. The play was a
succession of speeches, some of them
well played. The set was probably
the least interesting one of the sea-
son. Our first impression of it being
a confusion of doors and windows.

Mr. Nordell was the only convin-
cing character in the play. He was
interesting throughout; his make—up
was good, and some of his speeches
were delightful. In addition, his
English accent was the only perma-

 

 

, nent accent in the play. That of the

others disappeared in the course of
action.

Mr. Walters never let us feel that
he was doing anything but acting.
Miss Sinovoy labored under a re-
markably poor makeup job, and
seemed definitely miscast.

Mr. Karpen’s meager part did not
seem to warrant his obvious self-
confidence.

Let us hope that future directors
of light comedy will strive for quick
tempo, subtlety, smoothness, and
that careful casunlness that is so
necessary ill this type of play.

Education Department

I To Have Conferences
l‘onlorrow morning in the Lounge
of Richardson hall the Department

 

lblc foran mg purposes on lhc basis of
dancing ability, pcl'sollnl lulpcnl‘nllcc.l
cle, clc. 'l‘ho nnmc oi' ouch eligiblcl
is designated by u chock lnnrkl
Wouldn't [lull directory mukc swelll
rcnding, girls? '
Dzlvc suys lhnt Scottlicnl are the
cnslcsl. llllhgs ihcrc urc lo donllnlllc‘
lie thinks [but they shrian up whcnl
hc barks but he'll learn. l
The Educ—Wilson nll'nh' hos pro-1
grcsscd rnpldly ill the lust l'cw works."
'l‘hcy'l'l- lJi'lli‘l' lhnn "jllHl. friends”
by now. liiln snys, "Slop slhnululing
mo."

A Word of \vnrnulg: ich is sllll‘
king up ill ('ohocs. Johnny.

'l‘olul hm. lll'l‘il n l'l'cquolll ('lllll‘l'
nl. n ccl'lnnl lvlndinon nrcnuc hung
olll lnll'ly. Armll Wc lhc lucky “ml.
lholugh'.’ . l

on; pcoplo lll'l‘ lhom- who l’,l‘l llllillJ:

. . '(foku-” iluhcun . . junl. lor
lllhlllllt'l',

 

illllll'l‘ pollcy" lll lhc (.‘omnlons,

llllllllh'.’ l
'l‘llnl lhllshcd us up lol' lhis \vcck‘
bul wr ll lnkc in lhc bull gnnu-n lusl

 

:.ll‘c.~.scd, is, according lo Umslnlid, tho sludcllt-lcm'h—
ill-'5 philosophy ol und ull.llmlo toward lhe touching
prol‘cssloll.

lo ril‘l' lhc “rocks 1;

some olhcr lllllll;.‘~., loo.
’l'lll‘) MAN ()l" S'I‘A’l‘li.

  

.lu:~.l lln- nmnc, folks, lhc hum-ml- :Hlulc nludcno. lo lln. Jmmm.

lillll‘ll
'scnlors: und iii-nil'lcc Koblcnz, '39.

of Education of State collcgc will
commence a scl'lcs of conferences.

’l‘hcrc nl'c llvc limcly loplcs sched-
ulcd for lhls winlcr. ’l‘onlorl'ow's
will bc “Implications of lhc 1038 con—
slllullonnl l‘l)ll\’(‘lll.l(iil for public
cducnlloll ill New York slnlc. " The
discussion will be in cllnrgc ol l)r.
Arvld Burkc, lh'. Scwurd Snlisbury,
Instructor lll socinl sludlcs, and Dr.
ltobcri l'ticnow, inslruclor in govern-
nlcnl..

'l‘hc olhcr lncclillgs lll'l' oll .lnlm-
nrygli. li‘cbrunl'y 5'). Mill-ch 4, mid
April ll. ’l‘llc nil-clings \vlll ll‘llllll'l“
u discussion on nu cvuluullon of
bcghlmln', lcnchcrs; nn lulmullsll'lh
Inc liil‘l'llilli; u (ll‘lllilllhll'llllllll in
ucncrul nclcucc. nlul it round lnblo
l'llllll'l't‘ill‘l‘.

'i‘hc Appomlnlchl burl-nu lll\’lll'~.
ii co'2—
lcrcucl- on llu- l'\’llllllilli)ll of lll'.‘.|l~

(lolli- m lllclr own quicl. lllllc \\‘n_\',~, Hun: lczu'hcln which will bc m ('h.ll'l'--
oi illydo w, Slocum. ih'. lulwnl Vnn

chcck, Hurry W. l.nhgwollh,\, and

Who ll. lln ll-uson llu liq)“, almilqrp, Avkluyi

Dean Adds Three to List

“1'. Milton (l, Nclson. dch of lho

l

:collcpc nnnouhccs lll‘ '

‘ , _ . ll ~ -
' h o lo work on the lug nun ‘ I)“ MIUW
poor ll'flhll 'll'l“ ’ l ' / ‘

i, .. .ou maybe lo scc 1):“

_ lcs l'lll\’l' bccn added in lilo

one list 101' Inst scnlcslcl': 'i‘hoo-
. .

(llllllxllll and June Crnylon,

 

STATE COLLEGE. NEWS, DECEMBER 3, .937

 

Page 3

 

State Will Battle Alumni,
Bard in Opening Week-end

 

 

The
Pitcher is
Box

W. D. R.

Tonight the “grand old men" re-
turn once again to Page hall . . .
this time however, the old ballthrow-
ers will not be pitching for the alma
mater . . . they’ll be on their own. . .

What will be the loss to the under-
graduates tonight will be the advan—
tage of the Alumni . . . that loss and
that advantage are the speed of
Barrington, the cagincss of Ryan,
the shiftincss of Bancroft, the height
of Max-gison, and the smoothness of
Erwin . . .

Hatfield’s two squads will be given
a good run for their money . . . We
hope that Amyot and Ryan still know
how “to set 'em up" . . . that "Duke"
hasn’t forgotten how to snag them
off the backboard . . . that Fremont
and Simmons have still plenty of
the shiftincss which they displayed
at times last year . . . that Torrens
and Balog still have that old speed

. we can use it all , . . at qua! 1

Old familiar faccsll . . . we'll see
T, Martin, the Granville ghost . . .
Al Jadick, the Beacon bullet from
Elizabethtown . . . Paul Bulgcr, the
Luzerne lariat thrower . . . Len Wel-
ter, the Hurleyville hillbilly . , .
Johnny Ryan. the super flash, who
hails from Mechanicville, has cum-
ulative, participating, preferred stock
in Schenectady, and who signs his
pay checks in Wells . . . Jerry Alnyol.
the Cohoes Cassanova . . . Charlie
Morris. the Oswegatchie Canute--—
Malone’s merry madcap . . . George
Bancroft, the Hobart Ll'ay-heaver
. . . “big” brother Roger and Gil
DeLaura the New Hartford nail-
drivers . . . Johnny Cullen, the
Rhincbeck Romeo.

Tonight's game . . . like all alumni
fracases has brother pitted
against brother and brother allied
with brother , . . but our “classic of
’37” has some thing of a (rue rarity
. . . here it is . . . Jerry Amyot and
T. Martin Barrington served as
freshmen coaches in ‘35-‘36 and ’36-
'37, respectively , . . tonight nine of
Amyot's fresh squad will line up
against their former coach as will
four of Barrinion's protegecs . .
we'll see who has learned the most,
coach or player . . .

Tonight u now form of basketball
will make its initinl nppcnrnnce in
the Page lulll gym . . . the new form
comes as a a rcsull. of three principal
changes in basketball ruling
first, there will no longer be a center
tap, cxccpl. nl. lhc bcghlllhli,r of each
half, and nflcr a double or technical
foul . . . it. will be possible that ill
tonight's game but two center taps
will be made . . . second, “face
guarding“ is no longer a personal
foul . . . unless personal contact on-
sucs . . , lhlrd. a dcllbcrntc foul
nlny rcsull. lll lwo conlpllmcnlul'y

 

 

 

 

- ‘39, center; and Larry Balog, ’40, alld

 

Purple and ‘Gold Will Face
Strong Alumni Team
in Initial Game

RYAN TO LEAD STATE

State to Clash with Bard
ln Tomorrow Night’s
Basketball Duel

State‘s Purple and Gold cagers will
launch their 1937-38 campaign over
the week-end by meeting the "old
grads" tonight and playing host to
the shifty Bard aggregation to-
morrow night on the Page hall court.

Last year, the Alumni went down
to a 40-34 defeat before the heavy
onslaught of Hati‘ield's “galloping
sophomores” who, led by Tommy
Ryan and Mike Walko, “shot the
works" ill the filial stanza to enable
the undergraduates to coast through
to victory. Tonight the “galloping
sophomores' will once again meetI
the grads—but not as a unit.

Alumni Roster
On llle Alumni roster tonight will
be Co-captains Johnny Ryan and
Dick Mnl'gison, Tommy Barrington,
Gcorgc Bancroft, and Eddie Erwin,
all of last year’s varsity squad; Paul
Bulgcr. Jerry Amyot, and Len Wel-
ter of the class of '36; Al Jadick, '35;
Roger Bancroft, '34; Frank Ott, '32;
and Gil DcLaul‘a. All stars of for-
mer years. these men will present
the Hatfield men with plenty of the
brilliant ball playing which marked
them “basketeers” throughout their
collegiate years.
Two Quintets
Tonight Coach Hatfield will un-
doubtedly see the two quintets with
which he has been experimenting
for the past few weeks. One five
consists of one senior, two juniors,
and two sophomores; the other
quintet is composed of four juniors
and one sophomore. As a result,
the “galloping sophomores” who
“brought home the bacon” a year
ago will not be playing as a unit,
but will be divided: two on one
squad and three on the other.
Varsity Lineup
Coach Hati’ield's two quintets who
will see plenty of action tonight are:
Captain Tommy Ryan, '38, and
George Amyot. ’39, at the guard
posts; Mike Walko, '39, at the pivot
position; and Will Fremont and
Walt Simmons, sophomores, holding
down the forward berths; “Duke”
Hcrsllkowitz and Frank Quattroehi,
juniors, guards; “Wheeze” Lehman,

Bill Torrens, '39, forwards. In re-
serve Hatfield will have Walt Daniel-
wicz, Kcn Doran, Tommy Roberts,
and Bill linl'rcli.
Blil'll 'l‘omorrow

’l‘omorrow night the Bard basket—
ball sound will invade Page hall
cngcr lo nvcngc a 32-23 loss handed
them last year. Once again, it was
lhc "gnlloplllg sophomores," this
time following the cngcy example of
Tommy Ryan and George Alnyot,
who came through to give the
’l“cncllcrs victory. This game, play-
cd llt Alllllllldllll.“ marked the third

CAPTAI NS QUl NTET

 

'l‘om Ryan, '38, captain of basket-
ball, who will lead State‘s varsity
this weekend in games against the
Alumni and Bard.

froshto Begin
CMhedule

Freshmen Five Will Engage
Mount Pleasant Team
On Page Court

Tomorrow night the Frosh will
open their current season when they
meet the powerful Mount Pleasant
cagch from Schenectady in the pre-
liminary to the varsity fracas.
George Alnyot and Mike Walko,
juniors. both members of Coach Hat—
field's “galloping sophomores" of a
year ago, are coaches of the fresh-
men.

Handicapped by inexperience the
first-year men will be further handi-
capped by the loss of Bill Haller,
diminutive forward, who was injured
this past week and possibly Fred
Day, who has also been laid up.

Last year the Dorpians handed
the State yearlings a decisive set-
back, and nothing would be sweeter
to a Statesmen's ear than a victory
for the “A 85 W" boys.

The freshmen starting lineup will
be selected from Charlie Quinn,
Jerry Saddlemire. or Walt Daniel-
wicz at the forward berths; Phil
Sullivan, Patsy Turino, or Joe Sch-
wartz at the guarding posts; and
Roy McCreary or Johnny Yatsenik
at the center position.

For the past two weeks the fresh
have been scrilnmaglng with the
fast Albany High crew. With a
limited supply of experienced men,
Alnyol. and Walko have found it
difficult to cope with the elimination
of the center top. For, a fast-click-
ing quintet without a strong reserve
squad is practically worthless under
the current baskelball season's setup.

Next Saturday night the fresh will
journey to Troy with the varsity to
clash in traditional rivalry with the
Engineers of R. P. I. The results of
tomorrow night's contest will prob-
ably decide lhc l'rosh's first string
lineup for the coming season.

During the post week the fresh
sqund has rcccivcd a few new mom-

 

consccllllvc conlcsl. lhc States-men
Won by n il—poilll margin.

 

tlll'ows . . . lllis third clnlllgc lncnllm
that the l'cl'crce must decide \Vlli‘llll‘l'l
a foul is dcllbcrnlc or not . . . llll
former yours ll foul , . . dclibcrnlc or.
olhcrwlsc . . . providing it mun wnsi
not. ill lhc ncl. of slloollng when:
i’oillcd . . . lel- bill one free lons‘,
from lhc lolll line . . . j

Tonight‘s gulllc will bc culll'd nll
8:00 o'clock nllnrp . . . odds . , . (i. 1."
nod lry lo gcl. cvcn . . .

 

 

'I'om Ryan Iii'prcscnls ,

Seniors In Iioskctlml/

/\ l'llllly o1 Slilli“‘~ lhlfvlil‘lllllll
:.qu.ul l:. lhul lull no.1 man \\ll|
l'l']ll'l't\l'lll lln- l'lllh‘» oi 'illi on llzl-
coul'l 1hr, :.cn:.on ('nlllulll 'l'omr l
luy‘ li_'.ilil In lln‘ ooh: 'il‘llllll' llll
llu- l‘lllll'l \ill'hll} wpnul ,

lhnn \vm. :llho lln- only ,llllillll l
on luril \luru lllllii, .‘l'|\‘lll)!, us. 
:ll‘lllm (‘.l]ll.llll ol lldllll‘lil'h "unl- |
lopllul nophollulll‘u.” lll- \\1l:.
.‘xl’ll'l'llll lo pllol lln- l’urplc nlld
(lold on lhl'll‘ lint/«inf cnnlpnnul
hlhl .lunc by lllhlllllllollr; \olc ol
lhc \lll'.‘vll,\’ sound.

liynn is n ruin-.in lcllcromn ,
hollhllllp lwo yours buskclhnll cx-
pcl'lcnco.

 

 

Graduation Losses

As :1 result of grndnnlloll, the
Purple nlul (lold lch llnyc losl, seven
yul'slly lcllcrnn'll of Inst nonsoll.
'l‘llo:.c M'H‘il lJllSki‘ll‘l‘l‘H. llvc of whom
\le1 be on deck lor tonight's l'l'ucnh‘,
lll'l‘ ’l‘ommy linrl'inglon. prcsidcnl. of
M. A. A. and \‘ursily gunrd of two
ycnrs; co~cnplnllls Dick Mnrgison
and Johnny liynn. who plnycd bull
logclhcr prior lo lhcir 2—ycnr vnrsily
cnrccr lll Slnlc. nhd who whllc ul
Hlnlc dupluycd nlcllnr bull plnyihg;
(ll-org.- llnhcroli, cnplnnl ol lhc 'lib
lcnm und lour ycnr vul'sily l'orwurd;
l"l'l(ld,\ li_\1'ln*:.. llllllllll‘i' ‘Juycul' hlnll;
ulul l'Idlllo la‘l‘\\'lll ulul (’hul‘lcy Mor-
ris. bolll icllcrmcll in lhclr scnlor
\I'lll‘

‘l'olln'hl. lll lhc pllly oguhlsl lhc
dlllllllll, lhc ill'sl cllnplcr will bc
lllll‘lll‘il ulul i‘llllll' \illl hl'l’ Whul lhc
ncw l’luplc llllll (lold Wlll oll‘cr. ’l‘llcy
lunc l\\‘o lollllh lcum:-. lo lill'l', ’l‘ho
mcu on lhc illlllillll new on lilhl
your}. ll'ulh lhnl itnvc polh-ll lo llll'
sophomorc Il\‘c, nlnl from l'cpol'ls
lhcy lnuc bccn lii'l'lllllj', up \\'llll lhc
Inlcsl lll bnnkclbllll and know u
lhllu; lll‘ l\\'o lllul. lho Plll'llll‘ nhd
(lokl should watch out for.

Two good gulncs are ill the offing
for lhc Slulcl' over lhc wrckchd.

bcrs. it is not. known at present
Iwllclhcr the how men will make
lhcil' uppcnrullco tomorrow night.

i Ping Pong Tournament

To Enter Third Round

M. A. A. to Have
New Intramural

Badleiliell Plan

Group Houses, Fraternities
Will Replace Rivalry
Among the Classes

With the termination of a fairly

. successful fall sports program, the

Men’s Athletic association has just
completed plans for an ambitions
winter program that will start next
week, according to John O‘Brien,
'38, president of M. A. A., and Patsy
Miranda, ’38, chairman of Intra-
mural council.
Group House Intramurals

For the first time in its history
intramural basketball will not be
conducted under the old class rival-
ry. Instead, M. A. A. will run intra-
mural basketball representing teams
from the various group houses, fra-
ternities, commuters in the capital
districts, and those living in private
houses.

The new plan means that more
men will be given a chance to parti-
cipate in intramural rivalry and it
is expected that approximately
twelve teams will take part.

With this in mind, M. A. A. has
obtained, through the assistance of
Coach G. Elliot Hatfield, the use of
the Page hall gymnasium two nights
a week, on Wednesdays and Thurs-
days.

Pal; Miranda says that all those
men who are interested must have
their names in by today, as it is
desired that the schedule be started
as soon as possible.

For those who commute or live in
private houses, there are notices on
the M. A. A. bulletin board to sign
up on While sheets have been dis-
tributed to the group houses for the
same purpose.

As soon as the lists are in and
have been checked by Dr. Dorwaldt
for physical fitness, the teams should
get together and elect their captains
and managers. After organizlon of
the teams is completed, the schedule
will be made out and it is expected
that the first contest will be played
before two weeks have passed.

Thus far there are el‘ven defin-
ite teams planned, but there will be
room for one or two more. The six
group houses, Avalon hall, College
house, Edward Eldred Potter club,
Kappa Beta, Kappa Delta Rho, and
Spencer hall, will each have a team
representing them. In addition,
commuters from Schenectady and
Troy, as well as residents of Albany
and grad students will have teams.

However, the teams will have to
make their own arrangements for
practice. The only chance they will
have to practice on the Page hall
court is before a game. Each con-
testing team will furnish a referee
for the game.

Swimming and Bowling Included

M. A. A. is looking into the pos-
sibilities of adding four more sports
to the program, They are swim-
ming, bowling, boxing, and wrestling.

John O'Brien stresses the fact that
if the men of State show enough in-
terest in these sports to warran (le-

 

Winter Season
Strikes "

and l

Shots

 

 

B. C.

Apparently competition for the
honorary bowling varsity is going to
be pretty stiff this season. In the
first place, more than fifty gals are
crowding into the Rice Alleys these
Tuesday and Thursday afternoons.
Maybe it’s because the alleys are
near school, and then again it may
be because they're so slick—anyway,
the place is usually mobbed. In the
second place, everybody is rolling up
huge scores—Evelyn Olivet, Edith
Bailey and Isabel Robinson are tops
so far, with scores of 132, 129 and 127
respectively. And would you believe
it—the bowling crowd is going veddy
ultl'a-ultra—tipping the pinboysl
They must realize that even a pin-
boy has to live somehow! We haven't
heard anything about a bowling
tournament yet, but we’re expec-
tantly waiting.

The basketball faction —- fifty-
seven veterans and seventy-three
new recruits—have been enthusias-
tically practicing pivoting and pass-
ing, getting limbered up for the
actual games which begin Monday.
The teams for these games will in-
clude everyone who is out for the
sport, so that all may participate.
Sandwiched in between the games
will be intel'class games, which are
played off for the possession of the
basketball cup. Teams will be post-
ed on the A. A. bulletin board on
the day on which they are to play.

The two lower classes Will be hard
at it tomorrow —the sophs at 10:00
o’clock and the fresh at 11:00 o'clock,
practicing for rivalry games. Cap-
tain Betty Allen is negotiating for
some practice games with Skidmore
and Russell Sage, but all plans are
up in the air so far.

The first of the Winter Season
week ends at Camp Johnston will
be December 10, 11, 12. If you want
to take your skiis, you'd better start
praying for snow!

 

 

cisive action, M. A. A. will go ahead
and definitely have them this wint-
er. Notices will be posted on the
bulletin board some time in the near
future concerning these sports.
Watch for them.

Lists will also be posted some time
next week for those interested in
the foul shooting and “21” contests.

This is one of the most extensive
winter sports programs ever offered.

 

     
 
  

enroll
OPTIC IAN o
FREDETTE'S'

 

I “Columbiaftratmoiml’ead

COMPLETE OPTICAL SERVICE

 

(ice. I). Jeoncy, Prop

Boulevard

 

Willi lhc ’l‘hnllksglvlng recess
ovcr, lhc puddle tennis nrllsis have
bccn ping-ponging nwuy wilh such,
entlnlslnsm lhnl the rod of lhc scc-
olld round is nllnosl nil lu-colnpllshcd
l'ncl. 

in lhc hi‘ul'kl'lr; rcmlv lo go lntol
lhc lhlrd round nrc llcrkillgkoi'f and
'l‘omnslnn. :~.ophomorcs. who llll\’i‘
Won llli'll' rcspccllw hlnlcllcs by two
poml. mnrmns, l“ll|‘llli‘l‘ down lhc
lim- nrc Mnllhcu‘s, gl'nd. illl(l lllllm-,
l.’,l'l', Till. Much is wailing for his
opponcnls lo conlplclc lhclr firslr
round lhlllclu‘u.

All lhllm‘ uho llzl‘J‘ll'l lo; ,\rl lhl—
inhcd llll‘ll' first round lllllli‘lll‘f; nl'c

rcqilculcd lo do so llnnu'dlnlcly.
Alli-r Moodny lhono \vllo full lo coin-
[)li‘ll- llli'li' lil'sl round \\‘lll bc illllli'

llllllllllll) (‘llllllllilll‘ll l'l'ohi lilt‘ lolii'--
llilllll'lll

'l'ln- llllll'llllilll'lll, lhc M'i'llllil lo be
run succcssl‘ully mulcr M. A. A. has
bccn sloyvcd up duc lo the luck of
cqlhplncnl. lll npllc of this, lhc

 

‘llllVl‘l'H lli.\'(' gollc nhcnd lo pluy
Lhcil' lnulchcs. ‘

and

198-200 CENTRAL AVENUE

Dial 5-1913

Cafeteria

(irill

ALBANY, N. Y.

 

 

Good Food and

 

lit the

C O F If I“. E

HERE'S

. Western at Crisis

a Friendly Fire

SII Ol’

 

 

   

 

