 

Pnse‘2'. ,, _ 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, NOVEMBER 20, 1936

 

State College News

‘ Established by the class of 1918
The undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
, ' College for Teachers

 

Published every Friday of the college year by the ans
Board representing the Student Association

Telephones: once. 5-9373; Gumaer. $0424: Dexter.
2-4314; Sela, 2-9781; Gaylord, 2-4314

Entered a: .vecond elm: matter in the Albany, N. Y., polloﬁca

 

THE NEWS BOARD

Haney ’1‘. Gunman........‘............Editor-in-Chief
Farm E. DEXTER....................Managing Editor
Wanner: I. Dansnonn......Assooiate Managing Editor
DAVID B. SMIriI...........Assoctate Managing Editor
SOPHIE WOLZOK. . . . . . . . . . .Assoeiate Managing Editor
LAUBI'rA SELD. . . . . . . . . . . . .Basiness Manager
Cannons W. GAYLoaD...........Adcertisinq Manager
MILDRED E. Mainstream”.......Cireulation Manager

.--....-

 

THE NEWS STAFF

Onaams N. Moanrs.................-..Sports Editor
HELEN CLYDE... ......Women’s Sports Editor

.Alssooiate Editors
Elizabeth Gooding, Mary Lam, Robert Margison,
Virginia Stool, seniors; Muriel Goldberg,
Ramona Van Wie, juniors
Business Staff
Business, Grace Castiglione, Roland Waterman; adver-
tising, Joan Byron, Gordon Tabner; circulation,
Victoria Bilzi, Margaret Hora, June Palmer

 

Pain'rsD or Born Parn'rmo Co., Inc, ALBANY, N. Y.

 

Interfraternity Council
Goes To Work

To work next week goes the first State college
intertratcrnity council, sending out and receiv-
ing freshman bids for Kappa Delta Rho and
the Edward Eldrcd Potter club. Two weeks
later, the council will sponsor a new social
venture, the lntert'raternity Ball.

Established to case the mad scramble that has
characterized l’ 'atcrnity rushing in the last few
years, the council should prove of? real nine to
both the freshman men and the J? 'atcrnal groups.
Delayed bidding, because it; protects both rush-
ers and rushees from ﬁrst impressions, will give
the college men the break of time which the
women have had for some years.

No longer may observers complain that fresh-
man men are herded into an organization by
hook or crook before they are able to know what
college is all about. And no longer will frater-
nities be forced to bid before they know who
the frosh are and what they are really like.

The interl’ratcrnity arrangement is a gentle-
men’s agreement. The executive umchiucry is
the council composed of" three members of? each
organization; enforcement lies in the attitudi- of"
all the members of each group. The idea may
be counted a success it it continues to carry
out delayed bidding, and puts over a first class
formal dance on December 12.

The Troubadours—Cui Bono?

Seven (7) men attended a meeting of the
’l‘roulnnlours, "musical organization composed
of all men of the collegc,” this week. The pur-
pose of’ the meeting was to reorganize the society.
We raise the question, without answering it,
finally: “is the thing worthy of reorgani-
zation l ”

'l‘hc ’l‘roubadours used to be a fairly livcly
bunch. Three years ago they gave an (Ichllcut
reception to the freshmen and put on a first
class musical show. Two years ago thcy had
another show, and last year none at all.

The decline of’ the organization is a pretty
good sign that there is no need for it. Two
new men’s groups, the Men’s Athletic. assoclll~
lion and the Intcrh'aternity council, arc serving
to bring college mcu together in ditl‘crcnt ways,
and perhaps the idea ot’ a nutsical show once
a year is not strong enough to hold a third gau-
oral men’s group together. Probably M.A..\.
could run the show, it the boys want one.

Another meeting Tuesday will (lecith tho fate
of the Troubadoms. The proper decision will
be indicated by the number i'n'cscnt.

 

The Commentstater

 

 

 

 

TAKE CARE!

Today we take the ﬁrst step in the election of an
N.S.F.A. delegate to the Christmas convention in
Dallas, Texas. And, inasmuch as some one hundred
and ﬁfty good round dollars from the Student asso-
ciation treasury are to be spent on the expedition, it
seems to us to merit most careful consideration.

4(- ‘ll' * i

The varied activities and student aids of the National
Student Federation of America have helped State from
time to time. Its news bulletin and other printed
pamphlets are posted in the library. The organization
sponsors free discussion and definite action on peace,
freedom of.’ the academic press, legislature pertaining
to collegiate affairs, educational and extra-curricular
problems. It is essential that we be represented at
the convention, in order that we can discover what other
colleges are doing, and contribute our own opinions.

it n 4(- V

And it is important that we think carefully before
choosing our representative, for upon our choice will
depend the efﬁciency of the federation as it; concerns
State college. We are selecting a representative;
a person whom we consider typical of our student
association, and whom we are proud to send to uphold
the reputation of our college, ' It will be his respon-
sibility to maintain an interest in the federation, and
transfer this interest to the college. His enthusiasm,
the new ideas and reforms which he discovers and
brings back to us, will be our only tangible reward
for money spent. He himself should contribute some-
thing of credit to the meeting by stating the feeling
ot.’ his college 011 the topics under discussion. He
should, through his acquaintances with other college
students, obtain some knowledge of the manner in
which student affairs are conducted in different sections
of the country.

it ti- -K' it-
'l‘hc Student council nominees all have excellent
records. .-\ll have participated in a variety of student

activities. The association should think long and care-
t’ully before choosing a representative, a typical State
college student, to attend the convention.

 

Cover To Cover

 

The Nine Old Men, by Drew Pearson and Robert S.

Allen. Doubleday, Dorun and Company, New York,
lllllti. 325 pngcs. $2.50.

To some The Nine Old Men will be hcrcsy of the
first. order, attacking what seems to them n funda-

mental 'of' cstablishml American govcl'umcul, the
Supreme (‘ourt. To others it represents some more
"dirt." constructive to a great extent, by the authors
of “Washington .\lcrrydiodtouud.”

'l‘hc mcl'ry lunch-raking author» trace lhc history of
the t‘ourt from the curly days when it was “drch
like a poor straying tcuuul. from one abode to another,”
until today when the nine justices mclc out a law “as
inflexible as the massive blocks of marble that, surround
thou: in their nmusolcum of justice," their ncw build-
ing across the. way from the ('npitol.

.\"ot under the. label of uun-ln'uking, howcvcr, conic
certain historical facts set forth concerning the powcr
ol' the Suprcuic (‘ourt to declare state and nutionul
lnws uuctulstitutiolml. The highest court is not. givcn
this powcr in the constitution, and the proposal to put.
it. in llllll docuuu-nt was rejected four tinics by thc
constitutional convention. John Marshall uuuoum-cd
thc power in it hit of political obitcr dictum directed
against. 'l‘huums .lcll'crson in a which hns hc-
lcngucrcd Amcricnu history students to the pi'l-sclll day,
.lldl'hnrj/ l's. .llmlison.

'l‘ho first. major use of the. powt-I' was in lhc Ill'cd
Scott. decision, whci'c livc slave-holding judges figured
out that. tho constitution protcctcil sluvcrv pretty \chI.

During the (‘ivil \Vnr some of the Lincoln orders
and legislation were dcclnt'cd out of luuc with the
highest law of the land, but. the l’rcsidcnt wont uhcud
about his business, ('usllllg the decisions lo the scrap
basket. Suid Lincoln: "'l'ha judicial unu-hincry sccms
us if it had been designed not. to sustain lln‘ govern
mcnl, bul to embarrass and betray it." Show the t‘ivil
War, howcvcr, the llcpuhlicuu party has proci-cdcd to
pay attention when the judicial branch oi llll' govern
men! has used a scutcuco in unwudlucul l'olu‘tccu to
declare acts of thc legislative and csccutivc branches
unconstitutionul.

The authors lnkc over the present un-mln-I‘s of tin-
court likc they do the past ours, only in morc dclail.
showing how their lnickgt'ound and shccr uccidcnl lune
influcuccd their votes in important cuscs. .lusticcs
llutlcr, Sutln-rluml, \'un llcmnlcr, and .\lcllcyuolds
are revealed as rock bound coimci'vnlivcs inlcnl, undcr
an assumed powvr, on stopping Icginlullou in spite of
the mandate of the pimple as shown in their selection
of a president and congress. .lusticcs lirumlcis. l‘ut‘dozo,
and Stone uro treated more kindly, inasmuch as lhcll‘
attitudcs rcllcci. the. ideas of the uulhors and tho
aim-torutn. .lunlicc Roberts is a conservative who some-
lion-s goes back to his early more lilnu'al vicws, and
tho (Thief Justice “has swung buck and forth from
Illiol‘ulism to economic stulllllcation with greater case
than the during young man on tho tlying trapeze.”

l'earson uml Allen’s book may be hard for u lot of
people to take, but we feel that a bit of needed nun-kw
raking has been done in regard to The Nine Old Men.

I‘llSl'

 

Fraternity Council
Supervises Bidding

(Continued from page 1, column 5)

cony of the Commons all day Monday
and will deliver bids to the freshmen
to whom bids have been addressed
by Kappa Delta Rho and Edward
Eldred Potter club. The freshman
men who have bids awaiting them
will be notified through the student
mail box Monday morning to call
for them at the oﬂiee in the Com-
mons. These bids must be returned
to the same oﬂice on the Monday im-
mediately after Thanksgiving recess
with notation as to the choice of the
recipient regarding acceptance or
refusal of bids.

Plans for the Intcrfraternity Ball
are also complete as a result of the
council meeting Tuesday afternoon.
The Ball will be conducted in the
Lounge of Richardson hall on Sat-
urday, December 12. It will be the
first Iiltcrt‘raternity Ball at State
college, and will be formal. Ar-
rangements have not been completed
as yet for an orchestra. Attendance
will be restricted to members of
Kappa Delta ‘Rho and the l'ldward
liiltll‘Ctl l’ottcr Club and their guests,
with attendance limited to sixty
couples. Fred Dexter and John Mur—

 

 

State’s Stage

Blanche Yurka’s Appeal
Graceful Gestures
Local Contribution

 

 

 

 

phy, seniors, are co-chairmcn, and
members of the respective organiza-
tions will act as chairmen of the
various other committees.

 

Statesman

 

 

 

 

friends (1’) lfcrc we are
again. in spite of numerous reports
of" lynchings, poisonings and down-
right, murders we have escaped un-
scnthcd, and are now fairly drooling
over this week’s gossip.

ly gcorgc, Anne looks happy
those days. 'l‘hat’s glee-sou, what.
we mean! And the qnccnly Smith
seems to be caught in the cddics that
flow through (lollcgc house. liclty's
wondering, “Why haven’t. l f’clt likc
this bct’orc't”, while othcr Incurj"
nmkcrs arc prcst into scrvicc at the
Union dances. \\'hon thc scniors go
to town, they do if in u big,r way.
(l’robably just hangovcrs from u lot
of hops).

.lcan thinks that flowcrs flint blumc
in Novembcr smcll ryc-lo strongly
at. tinn-s. llou’t worry; spring will
come a-giu. 'l'ho (l..\..\. cnthnsiusts
at. tho dorm will lmvc a. lot of prac-
lice on that now ping-pong table. We
hear that .lanc’s skill will soon make
any uuigg(lc') ton over in his grnvc

or is she Inorcly bill-ding up .loc’s
mornlc‘.l

'l'hc I'll-Jl’ floor show last. Suturndy
rcvcnlcd tumbling l.u (trail as n
luibldc duuccr. l\'l)lt’s pledges ut'c
cntircly rcnrcd by now, and the stu
drul prcxy still gocs for thc Will
our coy in n bigr way.

We’ll puss on n f'cw words of mi
\icc lhnl wc llsuully i‘csci'vc f'or lhc
opposiic sex in l“clu'unl'y. 'l'hinlt
lwicc bcl'ol'c you lcnp, t'cllmvs. Many
a child is walking the streets ol’ our
fair cily hccuusc his f'ulhcl' joiucd
llu' urong f'rutcruiiy.

.\n orchid to the Hush t'or thcir
show oi" rcnl “pop, with, and \\igor"
and thc knciling that the Ilt't‘lllt'l'l
lug sophs ucrc forced to givc.

.\'ow g’wnn home, and
Hnicc" vacation.

’l‘lll‘I .\lA.\' til" S’l‘.\'|‘l'2.

Well,

llll\'l' u

 

Notices

 

 

 

Lutheran club: mcclinp.
Wrdncmluy, llccclubcr 1!, ."izfttl o'clock,
lnlihcrun l“l'll'llllrilllp llllllﬁc.

'I‘roubadours: Hurling. 'l'ucsdny
noon, room lll. ’l‘hc lllll'lItISt' of
tho mccting will lw to ri-orgnnizc llu'
rmrguuimiion.

Newman club: .\lccllng. 'l'hul‘sduj.
December :1, l:lll o'clock. hallo-i
lx’ccl’o will answer questions sub
millod by Stulo sludculs. l.cuvo nll
Iplcslionn in the “N” scction ot’ the
studcnf umil box as soon as possible.

NYA: 'l‘iuul shot-ls lnl‘ Nov-omino-
qusl he in the NY.-\ olllcc. room 107.
by Il:|.‘"i o’clock today.

Suppcl'

 

 

 

 

 

“The intangible riches” of true
enjoyment of the art of the theatre
were made appreciable to all those
who witnessed the performance of
Blanche Yurka on State ’5 stage last
Monday night.

The program, entitled “The Arc
of the Theatre”, was enthusiasti-
cally received by the audience. Miss
Yurka left with us an impression
long to be remembered. Those
scenes which held the widest appeal
were the selection from Molicre’s,
“Misanthropc”, and the two from

(lrcck drama, “Lysistrata” by
Aristophanes, and “Electra”, by
Sophocles.

The two women of the “Misan-

thropc” were made very near and
real to us. Miss l'urka used an
ccouomy ot' gestures selecting only
those essential to a thorough presen-
[allot] of" her charactcrs. A single
graceful gesture subtly portrayed
the mcauing of a line, or a clear
picture of a person.

in her interpretation of? the two
sccncs from the (truck plays, we
actually “caught glimpses of worlds
rich in umlcrstundiugs ol.’ the pathos
and courage of’ humanity." Her
beautiful, cultured voice, and mean-
iug'f’ul facial cxpressions aided her
most in instilling n. dcliuitc mood in
her listcucrs, most of whom were
pcoplc who are not continually in
(’Ulllilt’l with drama.

Miss anka thoroughly enjoyed
prom-utiqur her program. She pos-

scsscs a charming pcrsonality, and is
t'ricndly and gracious. This fact
was cusin recognizable from her up-
pcnruncc on thc stage, and those who
were t’ortnnulc enough to meet her
personally, cmphatically agree.

The actress expressed her gratitude
for thc contribution ot’ the spotlight
in thc sccnc l'rom "lu'l(,-ctra.H She
had ucvcr bcl’orc nscd it, uud felt
that Stntc collcgc had given some-

 

 

 

thing woriluvliilc uud cl'f'cciivc i’or
t'uturc pcrf’ormanccs.
H ll '
e CHICS
Swing! ’l'hc sorority doors are

opcn.

lloltn ()mcga comlnctcd its annual
l’ull ulunnnu- meeting Saturday and
culcrtaiucd mnuy alums.

(lnuuuu l’hi Sigma wclcomcd .\lr.
ltobci‘t liicnow ol’ lhc govcrnnicut
dcpnrtnwut and Mrs. lticnow into
honorary membership. Antoinette
l)ou\'ito and Anne Sal-cone, juniors,
and liitn licncdict, ’Jlll, arc now
Inculbci‘s in full standing.

l‘i ll l'hi has piuucd l‘isthcr Kirch-
ncr :unl l'IIinor Snmllcy, seniors, and
Holly ('ui'gcl, '39,

Janet (lucrucy, ’39, has tnkcn her
final (luuunn Kup vows.

l’hi lounbdn llllcd more than one
page ol’ its guest book, What with
these alums [lorothy llurlbut, 'Ilfl;
l"loi'l'uco llorsl, ltcuc l"owlcr, Wini-

t'I'cd llurlbut and Alice \'nn l‘iU'l'il,
‘Jll; .\'i|c t'lcuu'us, l'lsthcr .\lcad,
.\hncnn l'crkins, '.‘l‘..’; [Cthcl llyck

man, l.ucil|c \\'urnslcy nu: I‘llcnnor
Wilson, ’llii; licncvicvc Shurcy, ’ll‘l;
l'lvclyn lloyi, l'lniily llurlbul, .\lnriuu
l’ortcr and .\lmn Springstccu, '35:
and Matgurct liuructlc and Marion
t)’.\'ci|l, no.

'l'hc .\ l'.' l’hi girls wcrc cull-I'luinod
by thcir holiot'ut'_\ nn-mlicr, .\lrs. Sum

l\'nplnn. liinucr and such lust
l"riduy cvcuing.
\\'ccl(cnd gucsls .'ll llctu chu

.lcnunc (tiroux, l'llizubclh llobbio and
t‘hnl'lollo liocltow, ’Jltl. And tomor-
row ll 7. will entertain the other
sorortlics at ten.

Sells Concert Tickets

f‘oursc lickcls for tho Albany
Symphony Orchestra pcrt’ornnuimis
which are to be at. the Philip lliv‘
ingston junior high school may he
sccul'cd at the dean of Women’s
olllcn. 'l‘hc llrst concert will be ’l‘nos-
day, .\'o\‘cmln‘t' 1H.

