COLLEGE NEWS, NOVEMBER 13, 1936

'r‘.” .1? .2 . raw-w. .

 

 

 

Published every F
Board

I Telephonezsi p . M h     
Romanian“: I m “a?   . .

l"  . j  , V pigetomakethema‘teria. n ‘
havefootbal players; or ladswho can be taught to play;  ‘sy _

I .’ . r “ ' a 7 ‘ " ' to‘ have sf of supe‘rvmen, any systeIn'WilIWOrk. » :
Hm“ T' GUM“ ' 7  j v ‘ . teiii developed by thelate Knute Reckne, and spread, over the
m 13- DEXTEB' “ ' 7  enjoyed  ‘ , however,that its use is steadily increasing. even though

' 0

WWW" 1- D3“. ~ ' , l , '   dead fer sonic ﬁve years.;_-_ Besides the army  NotreDainjegraduatesw
Dawn B. 5mm ‘_  I.      of  jay started in the instith ‘0‘ higher
Sow: Wowox  a a  ' , ‘" ‘ ‘ iici'i‘i ittotlie’lii'gh schoolﬁ'elds. Still other tremendous:
LAUEITA SELD. - . , ' ' ’ ‘ "   he system, are? spreading this rhythmic, color!

. mixers .. .;
“ ‘ ‘ 7'. ‘ tail will cover a rite 
ﬁﬁi‘éﬁtﬁfi’? . = I have been pibdw'ed‘rwith this new polvﬁolicu‘l'ar;
 . , _ V D. Harkins (standing) and Dan.  Myers of the Uni? I .
, ' _ "_ '  , _. They haVe discovered that  thatmake up ﬁlms can
El‘zﬂlﬁu‘ingooglt‘: . . or " dGanand it is the lyingvdown molecules tint cover so much '
8 Rain 7 V I . g = - mania

Business, Grace Ci

tising, Joan By

Victoria Bilz , -. __ «I .

H d The right half, fullback, and left half are lined up in the positions they ' . ._  
P B v ' ‘ ' u 3 will ocCupy after tze team Times tip] The quartilerbaték, fughthe middle 0': til: ' - ' ‘   “ 

BINTED BY 0” I , g v _ '  - ou ,callsthesi lclearlytoeac side. en 3 inc upatt een o e roup wit t i i
' I "  ‘  in their girper positions to wheel around and run up to the line 0 scrimmage. , They u use llght waves for, rulers .
. - ,  . The war department 15 now tuning up

Dead .  i 2:, a  I,  5,;  ,I P rCCISIQn its latest precision laboratory at the

our Armistic' -   .  A. '- '1 ’  ~ . Uiiiyersity of Michigan, where ordnance reserve ofﬁcers
. t  . , ,-. . “ . Will be taught the manufacture of artillery munitions. The

Wistful. . ‘7 I   a:  V 1 photo shows Prof. O. W. Boston working with one of the
The world is . 5v _ . L: "  ,i A laboratory gauges.

arms this year. . " " i ‘ *

placed 01" all the

gets go up to a

000,000; 1935, s . ,   .. .  _, a a i ,V. w,

1937, $996,000,0  I h I . I. ,. ' l‘
A ﬁery hrant' I  _ =2 a _ i K. v» i ‘  v " ONE .of the outstanding

notion that a s a  . ‘ ’ ' prOJects for the promo,

Six nations at Rollins
Miss Syl'

And she knows her stqu ! ll ‘

more important
eating at the cor

And yet the
that.

In 1787 New T
of New Jersey 0;
iiig,r methods to
markets. 'l‘wo
tutioii went in’
agreed to let a (
their economic u

Students of t
those who l’aile'
war is not inevi‘
they tell us the:
way.

These hopefu
that enlightene-
hand in hand
iiiisappreheiisio;
to a social coo;
if the diplomat;
tion, let it be tl
dangerous New
Death Is So l’e

Public

At the first a
year, some iioi
troubled those
and rather “
enthusiasts, '1‘
again, nobody
week ’5 bursts i
auditorium do

The Advano
nite attempt it;
amateur stage

the production 

of the audit-no}
of any kind u,
The play
student buds;
if they stay 
tax ticket or"
but not a rig 1

He inaugurated

7 HReal Scotch atmOsphm

Alma Col—

, Scotchmen 1. g e ' 5

football coach, Gordon Macv
Donald Welcomes John Bryce, a
native of lanarkshire, Scotland,

to the Michigan Presbyterian

school.

‘ ,  
in, my (out :33 i.

t is i l ‘ ~ The team hops from the huddle into the formation shown here, the

. lgna S line balanced, the backs in the characteristic T formation, and the
ends slightly s lit. The T formation of the backs, from which quick 0 nin plays and
plays on whic the quarterback handles the ball may be run, is, like t e he need line,
characteristic of the Notre Dame system. While the signal for the play to be run has been
giVEn in the huddle, the quarterback Calls another set to give the cadence of the hop'shift
to is mates.

' The right halfback has moved out to what correspondito‘ the wing!
The  1ft back position in the Warner system. The quarterback lines up be«
tween his guard and tackle. The left halfback has his hands open to receive the ball—~but
it may go to the fullback, to the left halfback's right, or to the quarterback. Every play in
the Notre Dame s stem repertoire may be run from this formation, with the number being
doubled by a shi t to the left and by running the play in the opposite direction. Some
former Rockne coaches have used a shift of the guards from one side to the other, to give
an unbalanced line, But in this picture you have the original formation as used at Notre
Dame and many of the nation's other big schools where Rockne disciples are spreading his
football gospel.

Guards in the NotreDame system mast he s d . for, as shown
The Charge here. they freqnently pull out to join the inteprefirznce. The ri ht
guard on this play. a characteristic Notre Dame end run. must get into the picture ahea of
the quarterback. When it is remembered that one of the chief characteristics of the system
is speed. one gaim an idea of how fast he must move to keep ahead of the halfback. who in
turn must be oif before a defensch lineman can shoot through . he hols just vacated by the
guard. The and run is the real basis, of the Notre Dame system. with the play . 'ng either
inside or outside the end. The nieces: of this play is the trial: of getting to ‘ point of
attack with the, fullest possible blockingostren th withths lira-t possible delay;  this
particular play, the left end Will that . uii  field to, try id ' the safety—annealed.
it not tithe moi _ i iii a '
momma-i. miplsi ‘

it
can their. 'lackingdutiu correctly.  in; uhiiiill  5

tion of international under
standing and goodwill is the
student exchange system by
which undergraduates in other
Countries exchange places with
students in our universities.
Herewith COLLEGIATE DIGEST
presents photos of U. 8. ex,
change students studying and
living at Lingnan University
(Canton, China). These
photos were taken by Marvin
0. Lewis, who returned this
fall to his regular studies at
Penn State after a year abroad

a

Bargain

Explorers
American exchange
students go on bicycle
trips through southern
China. Here they are
shown lifting ,thcir
cycles over the abut!
ment of a new bridge.

Study

These exchange stui
dents are watching this
home worker making
Chiniiwai'c. Mr. Lewis

is at extreme right.

ing with. shopkeepers

l e-inviriahl draws a curious crowd of natives. Here are Kent

hung in Harvard and. W. J. Norton of Bowdom.

. . Lo- C , ' .
International v i a d . Sports Edltor ulhsiﬁ‘l‘ﬁ‘i‘hiﬁﬁ?.iSélé’ifiﬁf

Queiroz of Lima, Peru, is one of the paper, is the only woman editor of men's sports in that section of v

, six foreign students attending Rolr the country. She’s shown getting material for her column from

lins College this year. Keith Fulton, captain of the Wheatshocker team.

THE BURMESE
swwcueo To
AMO‘THR

SCRAPE OUT YOUR you MEAN PE-BREAK
5cm. AND LOAD w PiPE IN WITH

op WITH MELLow PRINCE ALBERT?

‘CRiMp cur’ D, COOLER -
. ' TQSTIER,AMD

r a
Oil-WW

HEBES wuv mints no omen TOBACCO UKE mmcs ALBERT: ms more:

MEwa romeo Baum cur‘rou coomtss—wmi THE'BITE'BEMOVED 8V
--   SPECIAL PROCESS. ITS THE LARGEST-SELLING romeo
m THE wonw. mo sweu rou'mxm’s‘cmtms.

i a

PRINCE All!" MONEY- BACK, GUARANTlEi
Bachelode Unodu'tﬂnditth‘. 9
.1: m“ “to. air.  tern-a: .1:
‘ M m . clue—Hum ~

(Signed) I. J. REYNOLDS mus-co m4!” .

l’lilllliEAliTsw

 

‘ rites-:43,
sins . Jun

 

