 

 

 

 

 

tar—«rs... a  V

 

 

 

of the battle.

 
 

 tins play an im.
Fortant part in the life of every col!
ege student, and these Union Col;
lege freshmen are getting acquainted
with the main bulletin board on
their campus, where they read en—
lightening messages from deans and
rally calls from coaches.

 

“The Babe" must look down on his charges

i This is not an old salt showing how he used to
Tower COaC man the rigging. but rather Coach Babe Hollingv
hery of Washington State College giving instructions from the top of his 10'
foot coaching town. He is wearing the old Olympic club sweater he has used
during the eleven years hehas coached the Cougars. Wide world

Hunter College Course

T‘ains Ofﬁce Workers

Stenographers and ofﬁce work-
ers will soon be olferin college
degrees as credentials if t e move
ment inaugurated this fall at
Hunter College in New York
City gains great headwziy. Corx
LEGIATE DIGEST here presents unr
usual phoms showing students
at work in the ofﬁcevclassrooms
where they are trained to do the
many odd jobs about an oihce
that require some special training.

Wide Wurhl Photos

x ,

A general view of the ofﬁcerclassroom

 
   

.‘ I
» l

"striding. are taught how to mimsaarahing a!” m 'si'llsii'icmpho’ns training

,1 And of course the fresh
i Each fall the freshmen and sophomores of Capital University in Columbus, Ohio,

‘ Bran ﬁght for the honor of inﬂicting penalties on the losing class, and, true to tradition,
the unorganized ﬁrst‘year men lost again this fall.

Notices and bullet~

 
 

 

    
       
   

   

m
men lost again this year

Above is a photo of one of the ﬁercest centers

 
  
 
   

_{

Columbia oﬂicials protested his protest
v Robert Burke. middlet
DemonStratlon weight champion boxer
and presidentrelect of Columbia University‘s junior class. ‘
was caught by the cameraman as he delivered a speech to
fellow'students protesting his dismissal from the uni.
versity for participating in a demonstratitm protestin
Columbia's partici ation in the Nazi-planned Heith
berg University ce ebration. Demonstrations protesting '
his dismissal are planned for ten leading universities

 
 

 

