 

Page-,2 .

 _ srsrn connnonnnws, OCTOBER 30, 1936

 

 

State College Nears

The undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
College for Teachers

 

Published every Friday of the college year by the News
Board representing the Student Association

Telephones: Oﬂice, 5-9373: Uumner, 2-0421; Dexter,
2-4314; Seid, 20781: Gaylord, 2-4314

Entered a: second class matter in the Albany, N. Y., postoﬂica

 

THE NEWS BOARD
HARRY ’1‘. German. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Editor-in-Chief
Farm E. Darren” ...Managing Editor
WARREN 1. DENSMORE. . . . . .Assooiate Managing Editor
DAVID B. SMITH...........Associaie Managing Editor
SOPHIE Wonzox. . . . . . . . . . .Associute Managing Editor
LAURl’l‘A Saw. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Unsi‘ness Manager
CHARLES W. GAYLOBD. . . . . . . . . . .Advertisinr] Manager
MILDRED E. NIGHTINGALE.........C£rculation Manager

.........-..~..

 

THE NEWS STAFF

CHARLES N. Monms......... . . . . . .....Sports Editor
HELEN CLYDE.................W0mcli's Sports Editor

Associate Editors
Elizabeth Gooding, Mary Lam, Robert Mnrgison,
'Virginia Steel, seniors; Muriel Goldberg,
Ramona Van Wie, juniors
Business Staff
Business, Grace Custiglione, Roland Waterman; adver-
tising, Joan Byron, Gordon 'l‘abner; circulation,
Victoria Bilzi, Margaret Hora, June Palmer

 

Pam'rnn BY Bovo PRINTING 00., inc, ALBANY, N. Y.

 

 

Let’s Have Some Real Debating

Friday's assembly debate counts toward an
intramural cup. We share the feeling of those
who would protest that it wasn't worth it. The
sophomores did more debating than the seniors,
but it seemed to us that neither side did much
good debating.

The serious discussion of a nonsensical topic
can be carried on in thc approved form of de-
bating, and has been in this college. There
are statistics to be gathered; there are logical
conclusions to be drawn from such statistics. in
fact, a good debater can prove to his audience
that ignorance is bliss. He cannot prove his
point by blustcr, song, long faces, laughter, or
unrelated facts. Seniors will recall their first.
year rivalry debate on “Resolved, that we are
gradually becoming a race of lunatics,” where
something was proved.

We are not attempting to discourage pure
comedy in the form of debate. Our criticism
is that victory in such a program should not
count toward an intramural debating cup, and
that judges and debaters should be instructed
beforehand that comedy is the basis of thc
decision. “Judge” deards' antics and the
Iiardineyer pitcher episode of last ycar pl'ol)~
ably have their place, but not as means to a
cup for either side.

We should like to scc some iimc a
topic discussed in assembly dcbaic, providing
the topic were timely and worihwhilc.

The three types of dcbaic we have iln'niloiicll~«
the serious, the purely comical, and ihc non-
sensical subject. discussed seriolislywull have
their place. But if Hiudcni council is out to
populariZc rcnl dcbniiug hi Siuic collcgc.
Friday 's debate is the wrong mcihod.

serious

As the Campaign’s End Draws Near

This morning's ballot and tonight's political
forum constitute thc high point of campaign
discussion at State collogc. 'l'hc ballot, \vc
prophesy will bc for Landon in-cunsc of ihc
rural New York makeup of ihc sludcni body.
Anything less than a decisive victory for ihc
Republican candidate, ihcrci’orc. will bc a straw
in the wind for Roosevcli.

The representation of ich parties in ihc
forqu is an indication of the libcrnl vicws of
State’s student body and faculty. ’l‘hc value
of the forum will be to give those inicrcsicd in
political ail’uiis a chance for adequaic opcil dis-
cussion, and to allow the uninformed to bccomc

informed. And we daresay that a lot of people
haven't heard the various party programs
before.

 

The Commentstater

 

 

Post Mortem—The Stuntgoer

Friday night’s score: two good, two not so good.

Miss Lam’s senior stunt proved that the makings of
a good stunt lie in u Well-planned central theme, work
on the part of the director, and cooperation on the part
of the class. Rehearsals were not numerous, and did
not need to be. l’uns were appreciated for a change,
and sets and costumes showed that ready-made and
burlesqued outfits go over.

The only hitch in the ’37 stunt wus somethnig that
should not have been kept from the audience. Juliet’s
poison turned out to be a mouthful of turpentine for
Miss Meury.

Perhaps the liilsic fault in the junior stunt was that
it was not a stunt but. a play. As such it was subtle,
relatively slow-moving, and required finish. A stunt
does not require finish, and does not depend on one or
two characters to put it over.

The sophomore stunt was tops, like the senior. It
lind a continued theme, a preposterous set, good bur-

lesque. Crounsc's contortions and grin were set in a
perfect background. (‘rcdit also the authors of the

scripts on woman, and director Schueil’cr.

if the frcshmcn liil(l n central theme we couldn’t make
it out. And it is time there was a law against too
many scenes in a class stunt. Our stage facilities nmkc
waits between curtains long and tiresome. Let's learn
not to be afraid to cut down scenes by dragging props
on and oil' when necessary. Put some of your shower
spirit into your next prmluction, i'rosh. and you'll go
places.

Our biggest criticism, then, constructively and de-
structivcly. is the need for u central theme curried
throughout. am! not u too subilc ihclnc. The best
stunts of recent years have lived up to this criterion.
'I‘licrc huvc bccn ni lcusl two outstanding pngcuuii'y
sluan within ihc memories of uppcrclnssmcn, both by
the class of mild. iiccull Dorothy ('lnpp’s "Congo."
and lictty .-\p]n~|dooru's “lloly iiruil." liosi burlesque
sinnis have included iiiIi-l's graduation from l’odunk
High school nml iiiiiB's " lhuy .loncs' Locker." The
class of 'iiii’s mush-n] conu-dy. " 'l'hc illd Woman in the

Shoe," nml ’IiT's drnumiimiion of folklore in "The
Legcnd oi chcpy llollow" lune bccn oihcr successful
types.

.~\t lcu~i onc cxccllcni slunl cvcl'y (‘umpus lluy nnd
Moving-up l)ny lmvc pron-d such lliings are possible.
Let‘s nmkc ihc ncxt score four up.

 

Cover To Cover

 

 

 

((ln solo in illc ('oop)

Live Alone and Like It, by Marjorie liillis.
Merrill i'ompuny, .\'cw York. $1.30. i-ii) pages.

" This book is no bricf in favor of living ulonc. Five
out of ten of the pcoplc who do so can’t help them-
\l'l\'l.‘5, and hi lcnsi tlu'cc of ihc others are irritatineg
ﬁt'lllﬁll. liui ihc chances are that some time in your
lil'c. possibly only now and then between husbands, you
will lind yourscli' scliling down to n solitary existence."

liobbs-

There was it iimc when ladies who entered ihc pro-
i’cssions, uml cut lhcmsclvcs oil' from the propriety and
sliclicr of ihc purcuinl roof, were viewed as ln'nzcn
hunsics, \\'l|ll.~i‘ numcs wcrc immcdiulcly sirickcn from
ihc ~N'ociul Hcgisicr. llowcvcr the borrowing days of
moo und I'Ilsic dc\\'o|i'c, Kitty (Lindy, nml iii-ssic
.\lul'bul'y. are over. 'I‘lic lonc i'cmulc has bccomc nu
cxlrnordinury ﬁgure in contcmpol'ni'y lifc.

Marjorie llillis' guide for ihc cxil'n woman rccognizm
lhui lhc unulinchcd i‘cmnh- docs cl'cnic n dciiniic prob-
lcm in .‘Ul’iill life. much more so ilmn ihc ulmilnclu-d
mun. Him is such an cchlh-ni iill-in for pni'iics. 'l'Iu-rc
i’oi'c. shc llill‘llllilh in sci up l'llli'.‘ for ihc conduct oI
Ilicsc soliiui'y wonicn.

.\|icc

irnmc of

'I'hc book is similar in siylc and mulch! 1o
l.conc-.\louis' No NiCe Girl Sweats. l"rom
mind to niiirc. through thc pathways of ciiquclic. .‘llli
i'I'icud.~, lcisnrc iimc, cntcrinining. furni~hinu of
rooms. and drinking. .\liss llillis prmcs that ihc lil'c oi
ihc solitary woman nccd not be ciihci' n drab, dicni‘y.
isolnicd c.\isicncc. “I' a ncycr-cnding clmsc ni'lcr lhc
oilici' sc.\. l'l'opcl'ly. .~lu~ lcnds a happy, conicnicd. and
wcll-lnllum-cd life among uiirnciivc surronmlings, cnlci
lniniug and bcing cnicl'iuinwl; budgciing hcr linn- and
hcr mom-y cqunlly wcll; kccping old i'ricmln. and coil-
sinntly making ncw ones. .\li.-is llillis prcscribcs drcs‘
mnkcrs. illls n liquor closci, uud ionchcs lightly yci
dccisiwly upon lhc "nil’uirs." uml ihc
" plcnnlil'c ul' u ‘lllL'li' licil."

nblc

qucsiiun of

.-\s she says,

H'l‘hc point in [but lhcrc, in n icchniqnc about liiing
ulonc successfully, as there is about. doing anything
rcully wcll. thihcr you view your oncovomnn mcnugc
as linom or .\dvcniurc (and whclhcr you urc twoniyvsix
or sixiy~sixi, you nccd a plan. if you arc going to
Innkc ihc bcsi of ii.

" The best can be very nice indeed. As nicc, perhaps.
as any other way of living, and iuiinitcly niccr than
living with too many people (often mcnning two or
more others) or with the wrong single imlividuul. You
can live alone gaily, graciously, osicniatiously, dully,
stolidly. ()r you can just cxist in sullen lonclincss,
feeling sorry for yourself and arousing no fccling whntu
cm" in anybody else.”

 

Dean Nelson Lists
Student Honor Roll

(Continued from page 1, column 3)
Cius of 1937

Alexander.l~‘ioru McUownn, lioberi
Allard, Alice Mciirnw. William
Andrew, June Muctirc or, ltoheri
Bnrdnck,lierimri McLougiilu .ios.
Barlow, Mnrthn Murkinun, hinry
Britt Ruth Malia-s. Mnbci
Brooks. Joseph Mcury, Elizabeth
Caldwell. Sue Miccli, .Iohn
Collin, Doris Muicurc, Dorothy
Cohen. David Nerd, Elsie
Cullen, John Usirumlcr. Dorothy
Cunningham, 'i‘. linuschcr, .iulln
Delaney, linch ltcnilcli, .lnnc
Deno, John itoinlck. Martini
Dickinson. ll. iioscnborg, li‘liiklc
Draco, Frances iiouso. iiuth
li‘chrer Esther liuhin, Lcsier
Fisk, tuymond liusk, Dorothy
l-‘rcdcuduli. Doris Suckrider, ituth
Gauthier, l’utricln Schuyler, Mnrgnrci
Uoodlng, Eliz. Shapiro, Lillinn
(iruhnm, Dorothy Hickics, ‘ltuth
(iumner, 'l‘. Sinvin, Sylvia
uumierson, N. Smith, Louise
Humnnn, Evelyn Spourc, Katherine
l-iurit, Eltricdn Si uiilncc. ltulph
Hastings, .lohn Singer, irwin '
Johnson, liniph Mvnckhnmcr. “m.
Kciiy, Loulsu chcncy, Mary
Kcnt, Dorothy Swlnglc. ltoy
Kirchner. Esihcr ’i‘uckcr, l'hyilis
Kiveiln, Mnrlc Vilndci‘pocl, .iumcs
Kniiiin, ii‘rnuccs \'nnliorn, itnlph
Krnus, Lois \‘ermilyc, i'hyliis
Lui'iruu. Marin Wnrrcn. Edgar
Lninpmun. Mnriou Whitlock. Virginia
leiros, Evolin Wildi. Elizabeth
Lord. Lois Wilson, Margaret
Class of 1938
.tndcrson. irnm irvls. Kirkland
iicnncii, Alice l\'ui'/.. .\lildrcd
iicrkowliz, Iiosc Klucs, Mildred
licsilcsky. idn Koch. .icssicu
liingl. Louis Kurkhiii, ltosc
iirudl. William Loibci. Marjorie

Libmun, L‘hnriolic
thtic. Eith
nr' Min-liouguli. ldn
ElizabthMnckcy, Bernice
Mulilnson, (icorgc
Eli-dc

i‘nborn, Marlon
i'nlii-uius, Helen
i‘uncy. .
i‘hrlsicn.
i'lnpp, Dorothy
i‘ongdon, (h-rirudc Miller.

(Ionkiln. ’i‘hcodoru .\ioilcnkopi‘, \\'m.
(.‘uiting. Edith Nnioil. Aguilno
Densmorc, Wnrrcn i'nlniiuo, J.
lln\\’|lil).". .\lnr_\' Iiclsslg, llnrold
l)|'ou'/., llvi'lwi‘i lililg‘i'lmi', li'.
li‘lrsi. Sophic iiyon. 'i‘homns
i"orin:in. l'crcy Sort-one. .\unu
l"lil‘<-_\’, .\iury Schurick. ltuih
(:nyiord, i'lmrics Smith. Mary
iilil‘ord, i‘iiin Sicwnrl. .\iurici
(ill-nson. .\nnu Sullivan, ('ch-lin
(llcuson, Willard ’l‘ukncs. Margaret
(irili'in. i‘hnrioiic 'l‘hompson. llni'h
llnll, licncdlci \\'ndc, Kcnncih
lininlllon, .\lildrcd Webb, llosc

Williams, (L
Williams. iicicn
Woluk. ii‘rnnccs

iliidchrumli. i“.
iloii'mun. iiuih
iiuuicr. ilorolhy

Class of 1939

Arnold. l’hyiiis .icssc. E<lun-.\inric

Arthur, l'lliznln-ih Kclirig. l"l'iilil{llli
linkci'. licin lx'l-llcy. \\'l|llnm
lcuulnc. Emian lx'oblcnz. icnll'icc
liniicr. iiuih launin-rion. ii.
i‘nnndny. l"l':llli'c.~' Lousdulc, ltlclml'd

l‘i‘nwi'ord. .lnnc .\l:n-i.cnn. lioroiiiy

l':|\'l.\. Edith .\inlhisc. Knihcrlnc
Drydcn. Lcsicr Mciculi’, i‘inrn
Dunn. )liii'jnl‘li- Murphy. Knihiccn
li‘chincr. Mnrgurcl Nelsons. .\inry
l"o.\', (‘hnrlolli- liockci’cllcr. .\inrlon
(iossciin. .Icunnc liundic, i'imrics
lions. Vern Si'llllllz, .inuc
Hull. licrnicc .K‘luovoy. linili
llilnscli. .\lli'|'li Hun-H. .\inr,v
linrl. l'cicr l'ibc. '/.c|dn
ilnyford. iicily Wnlicrs. iinymond

 

Statesman

 

\\'cll, (":lmpus llny Inurkcd ihc
culminniion (:1 two dollar word, too)

of a busy \\'c(’l(rcnd . . . .loy, impin
ncss, and (Queen l‘flsn rcigncd
snprcnn- . . . 'l'lu- :Ilicndunis provcd

ilmi ihc i'rcsluncn grid lovclicr cvcry
ycnr whcilu-r ihcy urc rubiypls or
city grown , ()bscrvnlions of ihc
nsln-rs show that ii pays to in“ nicc

lo siudcni council \\'c dcno ii'
ibis is il'iii'; that may ln' milling
(bum: in ii If wc'rc wrong,
\vc‘ll iukc ii lIIH'll buch lici'orc uc

pm our i'ooic in ii . . . Ho ihc Hi'lllill's
Iinnlly won ihc gildcd iooihpick with
. l'hcy'yc lulu-o
lhcir dnv;

ilii'll llli
llul'iu npcn lmllsl'

:i iirsi plncc siuni . .
:i [oi oi' pun ishnn-ni ll
iIH\\' illl‘_\"\'i‘
inblcs for oncc , , .

ill‘l'illi‘ll ll)

was :1 howlingr succcss and bowl
you how your cookics, dunkcd or
dry? .\ disgruullcd frcshwunmn
lookcd nl ihc loi'l'cus (mulc!) of
pcoplc, and non schucrx mcn urn-

(Illi‘l‘l' Ho lll'i' .luni-s, gii‘lic, so
nrc jam-s Hcvcrul promim-ui

scnior IIIl'll had :1 big rush from ihc
girls . . . .\i’icr ull, hop isn'l so fur
nwny . . . l'lddic lost his qnuricr bcl
on no duics . . . \’idnmr wolfid down

ilIc cidcr . And wth ihc wcck
cud was ovcr und .\lc(ir:iw lumpcd
ihc spurklcr, hc snid: “llnmn ii!
That 's ihc sccond onc ihcy '\.-

snuichcd away from mc." Who was
ihc lirst, iiill'! \\'hcrc did ihc
scnior ircnsurcr gel the shim-r":
Maybe shc was juggling ihc iinnnccs
uml dropped ouc . . . llcrc's io ncxi
wcck end, and clcnncr Hinicsmcn.
'l'lll‘l MAN ()l“ N’I‘A'I‘I'I

 

 

State’s Stage

Tragedy
Flippant Comedy

Better Luck Next Time
l’ LAYG 0 E It
Anne Rand’s play was a decided
success, due largely to competent
directing, and the excellent work
done by Jenn Lichenstcin, after she
overcame the belief that she couldn’t
do ii.

Highest praise goes to the sets
committee for one of the best sets,
and incidentally the first painted set
in u long time, that we have seen in
an Advanced 'l)rnnmtics play. it
took time and hard work to perfect
it. We il[)[')l'CClillCCtl the quiet easy-
moving door.

We couldn’t hear Agnes 'l'orrens
during most of the performance.
She slipped out of character re-
pcni'cdly, but we realize the short
time she had for preparation.

lictiy Appcldoorn was l‘Xi‘L‘lli‘lli
throughout. llcr churucicrizntion
was continuous and even the minutest
details were carefully worked out.
'l'om Mechnn was dciiniicly not the
minister lypc. llc lucked poise, and
was almost never in character. iiis
nervous shifting about on ihc stage
was distracting.

(icorgc (ilcnson let us down. We
couldn't imagine him us ihc ugcd

 

 

 

 

husband with such a youthful
nmkc-up. His performance, which
could Imvc uddcd so nmch. was in-

siciul annoying and cvcn unpleasant.
\\'hilc he was on the singc ihc wholc
lcmpo slackencd.

.lcou Licln-nsiciu's
was almost ovci'wlmlming.
voicc, and line facial
nddcd immcnscly io hcr clmracl'crizn-
lion. llcr climax was certainly good,
and ihc nlnlicncc was aroused to :i
high pitch (wc cvcn noiiccd icurs).
'l'lic cil'cci would |nl\'c bccu ln'ilcr,
howcvcr, if it had bccn sustaincd :1
little longcr. llcr climax und dcnih
were too swift: we didn’t fch that
shc was growing wcnk.

'l‘hc dclnils oi" the production wcrc
cxccllcni; it was \chI dirccicd and
Anne ovcrcnmc ihc diiliculiics she
had to cope with ln-uuiii’ully.

.lnnci Dibblc’s pluywusu lcirdown.
’l‘hc :Ingulnriiy of sols, props and
movcmcnt couldn't cscnpc our notice.
l'Ivcryihiiq,r wns donc in :1 straight
linc.

.\n cxccllcni sopliisiicnicd comcdy
was given :I light llippnni nir. \\‘hy
didn’t ihc nciors ovcrcomc ihcil' lirsi
nervous lincs :lnd i'clicvc our minds‘.‘
l'Ivcryonc was ,jiiicry and unpoiscd.
.lcnnnc (‘lu'yslcr's English :icccni
natural, but shc spokc so
quickly l\'l‘ missed most of ln-r lincs.
Shc, as well as Tom .\lccl1nn and .\l
'l‘rchnnon, wcrc mcrcly speaking
lincs.

'l‘om’s pci'i'ol'mnncc was much iincr
than his iirsi of ihc cvcning, although
hc was siill uncnsy. ll

fault that hc
wcrc scnicd for

pcrfornmncc
A lovon
cxprcssions

sccmcd

wns ihc di
and .\| 'l‘rc

such in hng

rcci or 's
huuon
iimc in such n bud singc position.

.\I did \\cll for his lirsi Hlnic col-
lcgc acting. \\'c hopc hc won’t gin-
up. 'l‘rchnnon's
nnd wc ihin hc could dmclop singi-

\lili'l‘ Is pit-hung,
l‘ilh‘l‘.

lnsicnd of n smooth, llouiug

comcdy \\c i'cll llml ii on». lli‘l‘\|ill\

und ,jumpy, nnd somciinn-s moicd
\‘cry slowly for u comcdv.
To Have Dinner
'l'hc worm-u oi' ihc .\|umui licsi
dcncc Ilnlls will cnicriuin hi it

formal dinncr on Monthly night at
moo according to .\gncs
'l'ol'rcns, 'Jl'i, prcsidcni. 'I'hc gucsin
includc: lil'. nml Mrs, .\, li. lllll
bucbcr, Dr. and Mrs, M. (l, Nclson,
Miss llclcn Miii'l‘lilllil, and scvcrol
promiucni Albanians who havc shown
ihcir inlcrcsi in ihc collcgc nnd ihc
rcsidcncc hulls.

llccombcr 7) was sci us ihc icniu
iivc dnlc for ihc full housc dnncc.

u 'clock,

Club to Fete Freshmen
The Spanish club will cnicrinin
the freshman at n rcccpiion 'l‘ucs
day night in the Lounge of Rich-
unison imll. The program will start
'li 7:l-'~ o’clock, according to ltnlph
Johnson, ’37, prcsidcui.

