 

 

es Discussion Forums,
ation President Urges

it‘ttc virtue of such a democracy, we
adttttt, is tint ltt perfect government. 'l‘o
err is littinatt. Its merit lies III the wil-
liltigness of the individuals iii tlte .
elation to take part, tltc willingness (I
individuals to discard pet ideas when
they are iii the minority III order tltat
our vetiitnttttity may he more "one in
maid." :I‘lns we terttt “spirit.”

Ihe ltrst step necessary toward, a
stitdettt democracy as a goal is a
thorough understaiuling of the purpose
of tlte association. Our ohjeetite is to
tnake‘ oitr group ' perfect society, "one
itt mind," an artiﬁcial entity, as it were.
The association does not exist otily on
It'll)ly meeting days. livery school

 

3;.
c

   

 
 

(It. t,’ that effects tlte ptthlic opinion or
attttndc toward State Colleg students
is it student association intt t. Atty

 

itialtc s it!" such interest welcome
for Ils(.tlssttitt Ill ottr weekly assentth
meetings. They Ittay he presented per-
so 'illy or tltrottglt sttitdent re .senta-
ltl\'t,‘ hoilics, Myskania aitd student (‘titllh
ctl. The meeting is open for suggestions
as well as motions.

A dcitto my needs a check. We littd
tltc ncce ary cheek ill the members of
our faculty. They are loyal supporters
of all otir decisions, and ttnselﬁshly lend
us. their foresight iti ittatters we have
tried to solve too hastily. liven in our
members we are ttot infallible. We are.
pleased.t‘n_foi'ward ottr decisions tn thetn
tor 'Cl‘llttilﬁltt c: isc we cherish the
existing harmony between teacher and
student.

'Iinr the purpose of treating individual
tntsunilerstandings about any phase of
student activity at State College or the
reasons for student association at‘litnts
this department of the News will he
ilevotcd to answering direct on '
Iltey .will receive careful eonsitl lion
aitd will he answered weeklv in this tlt'<
partntettt of the News. ‘

3115 How To 
ition; Other Books

'ioit. respective ﬁelds, whiclt otherwise mieltt
pp. 1e tlcd ill scientiﬁc language for years."
5. Surely here is something worth the
the labor and challenging the best efTorts ot'
roh- those wltn will write parts of the serum,
ha‘n lltree other titles ltave already here
tltis prepared, This modest little opening
I at minute is Dr. Robinson's earnest that
for- the ’t'olleetion will reaclt its goal of
the :‘vlvul. readable, eittertaittitig essays."
:of l'he atithor proves again in his us
on Stml of the need for Itnnianizing knowl-
atl- edge and of the difﬁculties ltl its wav
iteil tltat his work harbors that combination of
‘lclr manner with matter which is altogether
ook too rare in most present-day writing.

 

 

   

 

 
 

 

E

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

lccl (irnnii‘e. Ily Thomas Quinn. $2. .330
pp. New York: Viual.
m” Straight from the sophomoric school
pc- of scribblers and belonging to that pro—
WL‘ liﬁc specie of book which purports to
show the soul of the “younger genera-
plc tiou” In conflict with the potnps am]
of vanities of a wicked college world, comes
we another ﬁrst ttovel, “Granite.” Its
"‘3 author is a nit corporatiott counsel
me I” ‘ - istaut coitttttttitity of lilica.
ab ic titformatton Is also volunteered
that Mr. Quinn “in April, 1023, was
awarded the prize iii the college tnank
(IIIVISIIIII of McCall magazine's competi-
tion for an article on the tIappei‘."
.\tter reading “Granite,” we should he~i-
trite: to question this fact.
_ I hose readers'of a season or two ago
“u or Iercy Marks excellent “I’lastic Age"
- wlto found in that carcfttl study nothing
more than a “kick,” (in other words
about ninety-ﬁve per cent of its readers)
Iiy may possibly like "Granite," I’ersonallv
)p. we are suspicious of anything, )1 il
movie. with a lteroitte named Sheil .
in. “4: went farther than the book's ﬁrst
he paragraph. hcrc appended, to sample its
c- literary quality. httt yott need not:
’ed ‘.‘\.\"ith the eagerness of the voting and
ice doing, tall oi stature, \vcll-proportioned
of and strong oi" feature, (irahant l"4i.~lt‘t‘
descended the steps and pas' il throiIL'll

 
 

m

 

L"
:1
E

  

 

     

   

ATE t’OIt'Itl'It'iltl NEWS, HI‘IIVI‘ICMEICR 24, Willi

 

RELIGIOUS PROBLEMS
MET Al‘ SILVER BAY

Seventeen Delegates Return
From Annual Meeting
At Lake George

.llv KA'I'IIAIUNI') llt.i-:Nis
Seventeen Illclltllt’. - of the (‘ollege
Y. W. C. A. have returned frotu Silver
llay on Lake (ieorge. where they were
delegates to the anttttal inter-collegiate

   

conference.

Silver liin is the one great experience
It] a Y. W. girl's college life about which
few are informed and with which still
less get activer acquainted. 'l'hc cast~
et‘n student conference held at Silver Itay
iit June. following the close. of eollegc
was for those with perplexing problems
and conllicting thoughts, those ' 'ching
for the secret of forming more s ttsfying
relationships with others, tltosc seeking
to discover the way of living life more
fully ill’ll freely, and those wishing to
ﬁnd a new contradeship with (iod.

Utie brings away with Itcr the new
thoughts, tltc satisfaction, and the cou—
lidenee. littlightciliug ideas are acquired
through one‘s personal reactions to the.
various scholars of note there to aid the
conference thinking. At the June, 1920,
conference, Dr, Alexander I’urdy o
Ilartford Theologith seminary gave us
new thoughts on the conceptions of t'cli-
,gion, faith, and (ind. T. IIarton Akclcy
of the University of Rochester, spoke
of belief itt (ind, urging the thinking
student not to fear violatiott of conven-
tion. lidwin Aubrey, a liihle authority,
spoke of various translations of the
Iliblc, aids to Iiihlc stiuly, attd the best
way to approach the stitin of it. Miss
Mary Ii. \Voolley, president of Mount
llolyoke College, spoke of intrrhinitan
relations aitd the value of friendship.
Ilr. Henry S. t‘oﬁin, president-elect of
L'niou ’I‘heological seminary, stated that
when belief itt God is shaken by per-
sonal douhts, it is still ttplteld hy the
collective cxzperienee oi the race; the
thoughts and testimonies of the ages,
l’ersonal reactions \vere discussed ltl ati
attempt to reach conclusions, at dain
discussion groups, of which Miss (iracc
l.nucks, Miss 'I'willa l.ytton, Miss lietty
Wray, attil Mr. (ioodwin Watson were
leaders. I)r. llarrison S. I'IIIiot of Union
Theological seminary, summed up the
day's discu '

The deﬁnition for religion was “A
perSoti‘s religion is the controlling pur<
pose iit his life."

Other speakers at the 1926 conference
were Mr. Rabkii, of international house.
t‘ohunhia university, who told his ex-
periences as a Hindu, IIruno Laskcr of
the inquiry, New York City, who spoke
on "Race" and "Racial l’rejudice," and
Powers I’Iapgootd of (iallitixcn, l'a., who
spoke on communism atul industrial con-
rlitions llt (iermany atid Russia from
direct experience.

International night, seven countries,
the l’hillippines, Iionntania, France,
Cltilc, (Inna, Finland, and Hungary,
were represented by native students who
talked of educational conditions iit their
home country attd sang a native song.

The delegation last June front State
Collcgc lived at Overlook, a long, rttstic
cottage halfway up the hillside, over-
looking the grounds and lake. Meetings
were held mornings and iii evenings.
leaving the remaining time for recreation
and rest. There were opportunities for
swimming, boating, tennis. hast-hall,
gymnasium games and hiking. Inspira-
tion Point and Sunrise Mountain were
two climbs near at hand. Trips to I’ort
'I‘iconileroga and to lllack Mountain. the
hiuhcst mountain iii the Lake George
region, were taken by boat. Margaret
l’ahst was delegation leader.

PARENTS’DUTY SUBJECT
OE BRUBACHER TALK

More than 150 persons attended the
opening meeting for the season of the
I'ai‘cnt Teachers' aswciation of school
In, Monday, at the school. when I‘t'esi-
dent :\. It. Iiritbacher of State t'ollcge
spoke on “he l’areitts' Side of This

 

 

 

 

 

  
 
 

Nlt'tttltet's ot' the Y. \\’. t'. A. group which attended the lia, ‘onfcr ice:

' ‘ ‘ I .Ianet. (low, h’ttth .\loore, Kathleen llongltty, Miriam
ttet Slotttetthurgh. .Rttth l‘.ttl|‘tlc, ,Iane (n'eeu; hnttont, Margaret Doughty, Eleanor Ca"
Jesse l‘. . tnartl. Miss llazel h'owley, Margaret Pabst, .\liltlred Lansley, Katharine IiICI

. l\' t‘olbttrn, Mary Neville,

llarrts

 

REV. DUNNEY LEAVES
NEWMAN; SUCCEEDED
BY FATHER COLLINS

The Rev. _loseph A. Dunney, organ-
izer and spiritual adviser of Newman
club, has been transfeer front Albany
to a new parish in Schenectady. The'
Rev. John J. t‘ollius of the iliocesanl
ntissiott hand will succeed l’ather Ilunll
uey as adviser to Newman. i

I’ather llunney has had a rentarlmhle'
career it the priesthood. He has heeu‘
world traveler, is tltc possessor oil
numerous college degrees, aiid Itolrls aj
high rattk among parochial ('tllt(‘lllli‘>tl‘
leaders. lie is superintetnlent oi llttft
lneal t‘atholic parochial schools and iii
editor of the I‘lvangelisi. rilliciztl weekly,
organ of the (atltolir dioeesc of Albany. 1
He will continue his educational and,
editorial duties. He is also a lllt'llllwl"
if the National ('atholic I':lltlt7.’lllttl| Asso- ,
'iation,

Graduated front L'hristiau llrothet's
academy aitd Manhattan college, Father
llitnncy continued his education at llutt-
wootlie seminary, ('olnmhia university,
t‘atholic university in \\’ashington, atid
several linglislt atid German universities,
Studying iit (iermany when the World
War broke out, he reaclted home with
(lillicttlty.

lie is the author of numerous papers
attd books which ltave had a wide cir-
culation in Catholic quarters.

Father t‘olliiis who takes over Father
IJnnuey's duties as adviser of Newman,
is a native. of Glens I’alls, aitd has taken
1 post graduate course at the Apostolic
Mission house of the l’aulists iii Wash-
tiigton.

The new Schenectady parish is formed
front a part of the St. John the Evan-
gelist parish. Until a new church can
he erected at Union street attd \\'ood<
lawn avenue, a temporary church will be
user.

CO-OP GIVES Y. W. C. A.
USED BOOK PRIVILEGE

Due to lack of sp' ‘e lit the (in—op,
he t'ollege V. \\'. (i. .\. will conduct}
t second-hand book store at a table in?
he lower corridor of the science huild—
1;: this year.

()rders attd payments will he tal‘eu.
titd hotth delivered the following da

The committee comprises: Ruth M v-
'aril, '27, chairman: lv'oys, '2 ,
Mildred I.anslcy, '2‘); \‘era llelle \\'cl~
lott, '29.

8 MILE HIKE OPENS l
G. A. A. HIKE SEASON;

The ﬁrst hike of the year, introtlttt‘iugl
Ireshnteu girls to voile-4e life, was held‘

 

 

 

 

ST ATE. COLLEGE DELEGATION TO SILVER RAY COI

 
 

ern Student. t

LUTHERANS ENROLL

Lutheran club, a iitiit of the Lutheran
.iudent association of America, has re-
tltcstcd all Lutheran sttidents to sign
in main bulletin board.

('aroline Lorentz. '27, president of
in club, plans a busy program for
tr.

l.(

MORE
Ii‘resltinan
hooks are a:
itox under :
editor. Tho
may ohtaitt

 

 

Four‘milo bill conveyor-tho In
for fun-portint call frnm mt'nu

90,000 Wheell

The General Electric Company
has devoted years of study to
material-handling and trans-
portation problems. In its own
vast plants the handling and
moving ofmatcrials and prod-
..- L .. ‘1:

-4 4...

A b
to v
unt
fou:

Th:
wht
of e
mi:
gab

