‘3'! - :‘E'.

y

 

 

’ 7 ~ r

 

r , ' ' l

  

 

 

 neither“    E, "  s ’1..sr'l\_’rri:'volatilize){MunDunn royal. i926   .  7;. . 4 .
I "   *   ' ~ ' " ‘ ' ' ' tone OASDALE SPEAKS 
--§t-atr chlnl.lrgg,, «News PM I  f  _ HER :MWD  r a.
‘Vol; X ‘ “Ian. .29,  ‘ a No. ‘17 Doar‘stmlant Body:

 

, Hamil  Gunshot......'... .. .......Edilor~in-Chicl .
 A .

‘ Ebwm‘ N Kismet...”.......,.Managing Editor

, , . y“
Hush. E, ELLIOTT. . . . . . . . . . . .  .QBM‘MMS Manager

' HauntBARci.AY......;..'..... ,uercr‘iption Manager
_ MAkGARET BENJAMIN. . .  .. . . . . .  . .Copy Reader

Tunismnncgon fI‘HE JUNIOR Issue
Katharine Blenis"  Ruth H. McNutt
Edwin Van Kleeclt Julia Fay '
Sara Barkley Thelma Brczcc
Louise D.‘(:§unni Bertha ZaJan 

TO — AND BY —- JUNIORS
With this briefest oi apologies. the Junior 'Board
presents this Junior Issue of the News to the Junior
' class and to State College. It is not much of a gift:
more pages and pictures than usual there are, and
some green ink also, but it is another part of Junior
eek. Prom will be here a week from tonight.
junior luncheon a week from tomorrow; shouting
in' advance of these welcome visitors run the eight
junior editors. ' '

STATE COLLEGE TOMORROW

State College’s loner ﬁght for new buildings is
Won. Governor Smith has asked that $850,000 be
given the College this winter. Legislative leaders
have conferred and agreed. '

So endsthe tedious prologue to the drama of Pro-
gress which State College will now play. The
recent state bond issue makes all the money available
now. Nineteen twenty<cight will see the college’s
plant doubled in size. President Brubaeher prophe-
sies that in 1931. the student body will total 1,500.

far cry it is from the twenty-nine students of
1844l A far cry are the six large buildings from
the three dingy rooms where State College was born.
But in the struggle to win them is the story of the
College’s eighty-two years. Before any advance was
made, there were doubters to convince, scoffers to
silence, opposition to overcome. Those who said
"it couldn’t be done" will now see it done. State
College moves toward top place in teacher training
in America.

A DREAM COMES TRUE

Second only to the Milne Science Hall in the vision
of the future stands the Alumni Residence Hall. The
dormitory for 400 women students is today more
than a dream. It is a fact. True, all the money to
build it has not been gathered. But $250,000 more
than was pledged at this date last year is now sub-
scribed. While the Knockers argucd “it couldn't be
done,” the Workers punctuated their words of hope
with the dollar-sign of fact. '

The residence hall will be more than a place to ea'
and sleep. It will be a colletre social center. Its
beneﬁts to students are incalculablc. it will be a
worthy mate for the state’s gift of buildings.

Seniors, juniors, sophomores. many classes now
gone on have proved their faith with their dollars
Sometime the freshmen will add their share Mean
while, the future of the dormitory is brighter tha'
ever and realization is nearer.

SPONGES

The world has a name for persons who make a
habit of letting others pay their bills. It calls them
“sponges.” It is a good word. A sponge soaks
into itself the good in what is near it. In return it
gives nothing.

Most College students, being adolescents. have a
particular horror of being called “sponges.” As the

 

most model husband would rather be thought a' rake.

than a prig, so most young men and women prefer

the title spend~thrift to tiehtwad.
‘ Few persons expect their friends to buy their
movie tickets or their reading matter or to pay their
hospital bills if they fall sick. That would be
spanning. But the'records of the student ﬁnance
board reveal that many students do expect the
rest of the college to pay their dollar towards the
inﬁrmaryw‘iunth to donate their share of the ex-
penses at plays, concerts and basketball games
to dig down for their coDics of the News and the
Quarterly'and the Frosh Bible and the College
Directory. .,:":-‘ . ,,_ .
What name d’d‘thcse students give themselves?
.9 7- air. “ ‘ ‘

a!

 

 

Courtesy. Alb. Eve. News
BERTHA ZAJAN

 

DOES A “CUTLESS” SYSTEM
CODDLE?

Enrron rue News:

The other night we were chinning and Robinson
(’26), began his haranguc against our cut system
(“or lack-of-system" as he called it). I thought
you might be interested. _ '

“Humph, this cut system-” he growled, lighting
the seventh cigarette and sliding even farther down
in his chair. “I tell you it's a dirty shame. "State
Coddlers for: Teachers" we’d better call. the place.
No, Johnson, look at it fairly; it's the bunk. .Why,
man alive, it's—it's out of date—it's paternalistic, and
-——aiid it's antagonistic to the very aims of a college
course.” He smoked a minute, getting ready to go
off on a tangent railing at something else. I prodded
him gently back to the issue he had begun.

“What do I mean? Look-a here. Did you come to
this place to be told just where to put your rubbers.
just what clothes to wear, and how to part your
hair? Nol Neither did you come to be told you
must appear punctimlly at this or that time every
other day in the week,,willy-nilly When we started
to college our fond papas lectured us about stepping

out into the Great World,‘wherc we must be on our :.

own responsibilities and play the man, We get here
and find that they have signs for us not to walk
anywhere except on the ﬂoor, and to get to class at
8 :09 or be spanked and sent home. Wonderful oppor-
tunity for development! johnuie, they‘re petting a
darn ﬁne bunch of altcndcrs and a rotten selection of
scholars. . . . ’And of all rotten insults to the
intelligence of a half-baked'nut, the picture at the
Strand this last. . . ." ’17

 

So (his is College! A crowdcd‘hall, lunch in a
minute, back to the troll.

Down in a corner a steady drone of treble voices:
"All Alone"

Picked on! on a like string, plaintive and sad. The
class bells ring and the mob gocs mod.

.4 barbarian inrood of middies and socks, "while the
lockers groan and lhe basement roe/rs.
Bloomers and nccklics ﬂy in the air, loc/rcr doors

slant but the devil may care. '
A fat dame with a mop-pail, a prof eating nuts, (1
bunch of delinquents discussing their cuts.
Mil/r bottles at intervals, girls showing hose; they're
talking of dances, bridge, escorts and clothes.
A garrnlnus sophomore, a bright-bulloncd frosh,
agree the cut-system is proving the bash
"BluelJanube" swells loudl;I from chorus, Room B—
4 a wild shriek, an accident? N a, she reached C
Cafeteria kitten, you uglyyoung thing, (l‘cr the
‘ ' ‘ Icclrcr room like nia/re you too, w’anl to sing?
’3ut, oh, hop/7y like me, you also must oi‘o‘n, in [he
midst of State Col 'cgc you‘re quilc "All Alone."

‘» He asked _ g
.' You know, of course, for better than I how 
d 1'le to refuse him or escape him. so before! '

 

 

"teous golf stockings and jazzy sweaters.

 

> 'ThWOllltOl' of your honorable college weekly has re“

 cently called upon‘me requesting that [vwrhﬁe a letter.
Q

to our 5 or telling what I think of the student body.
y' ’ p Iinc to be trunk, to be honest. to wlthhold

reallzed what I had done, the promise was made.— I
could“ not quite understandwhy you should want,
these opinions since I give them to you freely every?
day both with and wlthout your soileltntlon. As I.
wavered a little, the editor with his usualadroltness
sug'ested that such a. letter might-“save me much
talk rig in the future, which ideal accepted at its
face value.

I realize, of cause, that glvlng one's.honest oplnlonu
about People'ls all too often preearlously venturesome,
but I lke n. llttlc adventure now and then so I bade
agreed to tell all-——-or nearly so.

You understand, of oourse.‘ that most of you are
passing through that stage of development wblch the
textbooks call Post-Adolescent. It's a wonderful stage
as you no doubt have discovered despite the rather
heavy-sounding name. Post-Adolescence is a kind of
no-man's land or no-woman’s land where you land,
if you land at all. Just before you are. compcher
grown up and finished or lliinked out. 'l‘hnt is an
awkward deflnltlon,,.[ kno . but it in the best I can
think of now. You can read about it ln the. textbooks
It you want to. but you probably don’t. . . 

Now It so happens sometimes that this stage or
1H0 is marked by interesting manifestations which,
however, may entail consldcrnble sufferlnl: on the part.
of both fncu ty and students. It Is 01' i1 fe'w ol‘ ihcso
peculiar trails that I would briefly speak. _

'l‘akc for Instance your generoslty. You are gener-
ous to n fault—you shower upon me your cliolclri-it
possesslons. I collect them each morning from the
mrlous ernnnles of the star‘s dressing room belilnil
the auditorium which I proudly nn'rl nmbltlously cull
my office—pocket books, vanity oases, cases wlthout
spectacles and spectacles wlthout oases. note books
which I cannot read. textbooks whlch I might rend
with proﬁt but lack the time, ohl love letters for
which I have abundant time, but feel l really
shouldn't, oversboes which I Wear whenever they (It,
1an engagement rings wlth which l do the Hume.

Furthermore with the uncanny, lntultlon whlch your
the so often substitutes for knowledge you have ills-
oovered that l have long been consumed whh u re-
presscd ambltlon to take part in college dramatlcs,
ind to this end you leave me your properties freely,
’rludly—a full dress suit, a kitchen stove, u long
white board, a bomlolr cnpmnone ot' whleh. hovevei'.
seem to ﬁt me especially Well for the modest rolut I
mlght aspire to fill.

You are noclnblc, too. pun-mini.r me thrmi'rli the balls
as I ravenoust wenrl my way toworl the (:ll'.:tcrlu
it 1:30 offeran me with a wlnnlnu smile odd slips
of paper to which l am supposed :o rat's." my own”.
thereby absolvlng you from the three ho'irs’ rile-"nee
consumed in liavlng your hair curled for the Junior
Prom. H

You greet me with pathetic optimism on zI-ro
mornings with colds In your heads, clad dlaphonously
In less than,[.eare to mention. You eat. those things
you should _not eat. and leave uneaten those things
vou should—and ask me teart‘.illy what I can do about
it. You faint, against my earnest advice, unexpectedly
and lnconvenlcntly in odd and dlfncult places and I
Virrlve breathlesst clutching the Mom/tiles to ﬁnd you
‘vltb your head on the nearest stalwart sholil'l'er s'nll-
‘ng through your tears and munchln'r a Y. W. C. A.
bun. You stay up till 2:30 A M. tel'lri'.r your room-
fiate why you became an Atheist and then come late
or on 8.10. I’m lore myself sometimes,‘.but it's al-
vnvs because I can't find my overshoesaor yours.

Now and then I ﬁnd you really brilliant—In gor-
The refer-
ence here is to the all but crushed male mlnorlty.
' he aforesaid garments shriek in mv. stethoscope as
I try to locate your cardiac systole. arm clad;
‘hough. that you wear the jazzy thlngs; thev help to
locate you In the crowd and make you seem‘ more
numerous than you are. ‘ 

As for the worst than I could say about; you—well

can’t help hesitatlng a little, even in splte of‘ my,
promise to be frank. no lndellcate does it seem. To
‘30 sure I have observed it very seldom, but now nan'
then it does occur—you chew gum with barbaric.
abandon in the back seat of mv lecture room!

’ At this juncture l heuln to feel somewhat, aghast
at my own frankness and fear ll' 1 say more I may
compromise you with the other t'aenltv members or
‘ho school superintendents, than which nothing is
"urther from mv purpose. -'

You see I really do thlnk a lot about. you. in fact
spend the greater part of each day at. that pursuit
and sometimes even dream about you at nl'rht. Rut
my contract wlth the editor called for nolhlng.r about
dreams and as a matter of fact I wouldn't tell them
to anybody. '  " I

You make me laugh sometimes—laugh‘xlmmhdernlolv
——but I like to laugh and so do you. so wherets the
harm? Sometimes I might worry it little about you
except that. as you know, my iavowed' Confession of
F'alth rlgldly excludes that form of, suicides; .I-com-
promise by helm! solemn now and their antinat those .
times, I will confess? I think how lonele‘shoulrl be

I came some mornlm: and none of v'ouiivero here!‘

So you see if the truth must be told with honesty:
and frankness—well, on the whole, I rather like you.
. ., - ‘ ~ ~ W“ ""‘ C.‘C. 

The Junior Board makes grateful r‘ecoenltl‘on to all‘
who havefeoptrlbute‘d to tblsr‘lssue, especially to the
regular News staff for editorial assistance; 'to the
News' business staff for money for a six-page’edltlongﬂ;
to the lells Art Press ‘for co-opemtlon ly’,-“technlcn.;l "
details; to the Junior Prom committee for‘th close
picture on page one: to the Time's-‘1 lonfor «t. 10 out
of the Resldence Hall; to the Alba gmvenlnmNewn
¢ind the Knlekerbooker Press for the other engravings
ln‘the paper. - . ' r  " ' 

 

