Page ’l.‘wo

Stat: (tinting: News

EsTAIusHED or THE cuss or I’ll

 

Vol,X Febvl9, 1926 No. 19

 

 

Published weekly during the college
year by the Student Body of the New
York State College for Teachers at
Albany, New York.

The subscription rate is three dollars
per year. Advertising rates may be ha
on application to the business manager.

 

Editor—in-Chief
HARRY S. Goprnzv, '26
Managing Editor
Enwm VAN Karen. '27
Business Manager
HELEN E. ELLlOT’l‘, '26
Subscription Manager
Hi:er BARCLAY, '26
Copy Reader
MARGAKET BENJAMIN, '26
Assistant Business Managers
MYRA HARTMAN, '27
HELEN ZIMMERMAN, '27
Assistant Subscription Manager
THELMA TEMPLE, ‘27
Assistant Copy Reader
JuLi/i FAY, ’27
Associate Editors
Sara Barkley, ’27 Louise Gunn, '27
Katharine Blenis, Anna Koff ’26
Joyce Persons, '26
Reporters
Leah Cohen ElizabethMacMullen
Thelma Brezee Lela Van Schaick
Virginia Higgins Katherine Saxton
Adelaide Hollister Dorothy Watts
Elnah Krieg Bertha Zaian

 

“VALENTINE nevus"
FEATURES am mouc

Judging by numbers, the mid-winter
gym frolic of last Friday evening was
the most popular yct held. Since St.
Valentine's Day was so near, the program
was in the form of a skit, “Valentine
lx'eruc." written and directed by Katiiar~
ine lilenis. The entertainers were Mar-
cella Street, Leah Cohen, Violet Pierce,
Ruby l-lerman, Dorothy Terrell, and
Marjorie Young. Mus'ul readings and
novelty dances were interspersed with
puns on College foll:: Why Kent f’case
wears a hair net; why lx'uth linipie will
catch the measles; why lithel Dilliois
walks in \«Vashington Park; and Prom
reminiscences which had lint before leaked
otit. The players were accompanied at
the piano by L‘oriieliu \\’i|liams. The
gym was cleverly (lecoiated in red and
white. Refreshments were soft drinks
and valentine cakes. Georgiauna Maar,
11"“th by Margaret Stoutenlnirgh,
directed games for the entertainment of
the guests, and Dorothy h'abic and
Bertha Zaiaii played for dancing.

MILNE ORCHESTRA TO
APPEAR AT TWO PLAYS

The Milne High School orchestra will
appear before the College student body
Thursday evening, March 4, when it will
give a short program in connection with
the advanced dramatics class' program of

 

 

STATE common NEWS, FEBRUARY lit. nice
Well Selected Content, Comprehensive and Sympathetic

French. Spanish, German. biology. l’liy-
sics, Chemistryn Physiography, Govern-
ment. L‘ounncrce. Home Economics.
Music, Art. all are [rented from the
viewpoint of a high school subject. Such
subjects as Psychology, Sociology, lico-
noniics, Philosophy, must be added to
our curriculum to round out ii liberal
education in the generally accepted
:ense. Their intimate relationships to
the high school curriculum is of course
obvious.

"The content of all non-professional
cours - should be selected with re Hence
to its professional implications. They
are ﬁrst of all of the same general sub-
. mice as hiin school work in the saint-
. irtinent. 'l‘hus ‘lﬂuglish Literature
:ourses in college are properly compar-
able to the high school assignments in
literature; 'l‘llslory of the U. S. siuL‘e
1850' is similarly comparable to the
American history of the high school:
and the .anic is true in foreign languages,
.ciciice. mathematics, tut the college
course goes deeper. It seeks to establish
standards of judgment, to form canons
of taste, to make tlttflllilllllltllt'< with
sciculilic method, to fit the inturc
teacher for his sphere of intellectual
leadership in SUV ral lines. To accoiii-

 

     

 

 

plish this, the college course goes as 'far
beyond the high school content as time.
lot the con-

and circumstance permit.
tent of these lltlllvpl‘lilc '1

must nevertheless be selected with special
reference to its use by the future high
school teacher. Therefore, since the

 

 

high school teacher is not a specialist in
English or in mathematics or iii phystcs,
but a teacher, it becomes necessary to
choose content wisely even Wllllll the
limited field of an accepted subject. in
the training of hiin school teachers we
must give strong preference to that con-
tent which has pedagogical significance
because we aim at the expert teacher.
not at the specialist; our ideal is the
skilled teacher who is professionally keen
and alert, not the linguist, or critic, or
historian. or physicist, or scientist.
“The method of the college classroom
must be pcdagogically correct and should
reveal its form and purpose to the student
in clearly and forcefully that it becomes
part of the student's own professional
equipment. Our classroom procedure
must be animated by a distinctly profes—
-.ioiial purpose. Given a well selected
content and a rom/n'e/ieiiriiv: and sym—
/ltl/ll£'lf(.‘ knowledge of high school prob-
lems, it still remains to develop a method
that is so transparent and self-evident
th't. the student absorbs its form and
spirit. I _
"Our pedagogy may be positively
:tated. Since the State College student
is an embryo teacher, it is our duty
to expose the details of our method of

BOOK OF VERSE WILL
APPEAR ABOUT MAY 1

All material for the liook of Student
Verse will be in the hands of the printer

 

by March 15, according to arrangements
made public Monday by Sara Barkley.
Selection of
material is progressing rapidly. The

‘27, the business chairman.

book is to be bound in limp imitation
leather, ornamented with the College seal.
It will be ready for distribution on or
about May l, a month earlier than the

 

 

plays.

date first planned.

Knowledge Is Necessary, President Declares In Address

Continued from Page One

teaching. l.cl the student know why you
proceed as you do. The best teaching
is cuiicrele. The best results can follow
nily from a lesson that is related to the
:uidcnt's experience and attainments.
there the student's future is so clearly
defined as lll our classrooms. it ltCCUmCS
a natural and even inevitable part of our
teaching pr to show at every step.
ow the material is articulated with
the future work. While we teach. ii
poem or rate a theme, we can With
pi'opiicty cnll attcntion to our method ill
{0 for as it will be applicable to the
~iudent‘s own work to come. In our
field work in botany or in our prepara-
tion of specimens for the biological
aboratory, we can with good purpose
call attention to our pedagogical plan.
That is, we can continually link
pedagogy of the present to the teachingr
process of the future.

“To state the matter succinctly, pro—
fcssional motives iiiiist motivate our
work throughout. This is in accord with
the modern spirit in education. 'l'hc State
College for 'l'eachcrs has its motive
\Vl‘lllt'll in its name and no student may
for a moment forget that motive without
stullifyiiig himself, And the teaching
staff owes it to its own professional
integrity to give to the State of New
York ii graduate that is professionally
fit and professionally ale' by using an
educating content that has distinct pro-
fessional use; and by doing our daily
work under the drive of professional
motive. Our professional character is
especially indicated by the internship
required of every senior student. livery
(leViCe of instruction, every form
class procedure, every hit of special
inelhod is put to test, and the beginnings
of proft and skill becomes apparent.

“Our ItlLdl is to place the young high
school teacher in his first teaching posi-
tion with three well marked character-
istics. (a) He must know his subject:
(b) he must know the fundamentals of
the specialized knowledge which is the
science of education; and (c) he must
have proved his skill in instruction to
thepoint where he has confidence in him~
C l,
“We develop each of these three
characteristics by placing him in charge
of a high school class where he is re-
sponsible for the elz.. uoin illlilllsplltﬁl‘l"
Supervision is friendly, intimate, con»
striictive, but the supervisor may not
relieve lll(‘ practice teacher of his full
responsibility. it is sometimes a heroic
process, but the professional qualities
ultimately 'issert themselves and the
young teacher emerge. triumphantly
with a keen sense of cvemciit, To
that ﬁnal victory. we are proud to ll('-
here we have contributed the composite
professional elements already described."

START CAMPAIGN rank
PENCIL SHARPENER

Miss Helen Fay, manager of the Co-
Op, has started a campaign to secure
several pencil sharpench for use of
the students. It is planned to place
these sliarpcners where they will be
convenient and accessible to all stu-
dents. There is a box in the Co-Op
and you are asked to drop in one cent
as your contribution.

The management of the Co-Op will
willineg send books from the crntal
shalves to any student who is ill if the
name of the student together with his
address and title of the hook desired
is left at the (Io-Op. The regular
price will be charged and the regular
rules will apply to- books sent out un-

c

 

F

 

 

 
 

:r.

 

 

 
  

 

der these conditions.

 

perms PLEDGE ro
PEPORIINPRAcrmNs
or PROPOSED SYSTEM

iditor of the News:

The question of an ll’llltll' syslcni on:
{cited itself a fciv years ago. It n \-
favorably discussed in tlic studcni .lx
scinbly which appointed a (‘nlltliilllci' ti
co-opcralc with the facility in the in:
motion of a satisfactory plan. This l‘iilll
initlco formulated a plan which was n it
considered acceptable by |)r, llrubnrlvi
because of the omission of an ill'l‘dlll’t
men! for a voluntary pledge to l‘t‘pmt
infractions. 'l'he connnitu-c then node
a revision removing this ltlljt't'llhli
Upon siilnnission to lllt' student bndi ‘
overwhelmingly accepted the iti-npmiiw
to adopt the siiperstriiciuri- of “W lionm
system. while the concrete foundaliou 
which it must rest. the pit-.l c to l't‘inil'
was as overwhelmingly voted down.

This rejection sci-Ins to have ln-v-i
based on a misguided application oi
supportable sentiment. l|| t'lllllllllnnl n.
have the llllrSt'l')'*l'l|)'lllt‘ inculi-aii.
“tittlc. tattle. tnttlc tale. sllillllt‘ on you ‘
"mm e is o the natural lllslllli‘l
rity, clan and clique loiah,
.atcr, in our study of history. we lll'\l'lii,|
l initrunl antipathy to slllt'x, paid I,-
i‘ormers, ll‘tllllti‘ﬁ-ftl-Ulll'vlttltlsl :nid ilnn
like. In the troubled. I'ii' lions ion.
of the past. coiiiniiinnl pron-"tion illl'l
safely no, rily implied nbhorrcnw ii
the infornn

What is regrettable. however, is da-
retention of this sentiment in an l'll
ighlciied democracy, It can (‘flllt‘t'l\.llll',
it: of value to a certain sirainni oi' 
cicty. ln circles where [he “sow-:dii
is the social leper. he who has a lung.
idea of the interilepcndciici- f llli
component units of socion cannot
loiirisli.

Obviously. we have that idea, t'\l'tl
though it may be partially indisiiini
()ur institution should he a llllllllnl
democracy o the highest order. 'l'hin
term may be defined variously. it]! u
ilnist be predicated on the cnnccption llldl
the enforcement of salutary law», li'i'iillx
enacted by the'iiiajority is IIL’tft'ssltl') t
the c is! ic of :i dcinorr.
must \VL feel that their int c
an individual matter but a siibicri oi
ocial welfare What is for the good
or ill of one is for the good or ill of .Ill

The individual who is willing to Imp
the undoubted good of an honor sy~lrni
from the student body is hardly w will»
if protection. l‘le aids in permitting :I
possible reflection on the worth of Iln
lie is directly responsible i'ni
4 ion on the great majorin of
t snry ‘ 'riclioii. lll‘ is .i
mockery to the ideals of the touch 2
,irofe, Ill and i feel that his chin '
would be for the good of the s
"Why should persons who are doinc i=-
nuschief he suffered to continue to do o, "

“ll-t llrnpn 'tion uinpiosiionably is ‘ll
tillx’lble. ll seems to me however, llMl
runnideals of democracy and our con
.'t-ptioii of the superior social servicv of
“be teaching profvzsion arc consich
transcending in importance n perrcrlcd.
underworld infiltration of ethics.

joseph Ii Salmon, '27.

ESTIMATE PROFIT ON
JUNIOR PROM IS 3200

The junior Prom was a financial sur
Cess. Although a definite report is w"
vet possible. it is estimated that the prob!

ll air about the $2110 mark. 'llii~
_ .' of the Prom will probably help
In reducing the senior class dues of l“—’7

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

r:

      

 
 

  

 

 

 

 

 

:2

 

