 

 
   
    

 

 
   
  

 

   
 

    
   
 
  
   
    
   
   
  
  
 
  
  
         
 
   
    
   
    
      
     
    
      
  
    
  
   

.  .mmws.

    
  

 

.muueri‘mn'm'm—v <.. _

.._...»-:.-. w—iw‘ir :9 ti";

  
 
   
  
  
      
    
  
    
    
    

  

 

 

4

 

     

S'l‘A’I.‘E ('10 I; LEGE NEWS, SEI’TI‘ICMIIIGR. 24, 1920

 

 

iiiiiii

iiiiiiiii iiiiisii

 

Register for Gourd“
Of Poetry or in Line.
or Author:

Eighty-nine freshmen are exempt from
both semesters of English 1, as a result
of an examination held for the entire
class Monday morning. Dr. Harry W.
Hastings, chairman of the English dc-
partmeiit, said that these freshmen will
register for a cotirse in biography or
Their number is determined
by their average in all] high school ling—
lish regents, which must be eighty per
cent or above, and a mark of 90 or

in poetry.

more in the college examination.

Those who attained the high standard
are: Wilma Adams, Helen Bacon, Alice
Theresa Bedell,
Blann.
Margaret Blust, Marion Botto, Pauline
Bragg, Dorothy iIrimmer, Martha Bry-
ant, Raymond Byriie, Dorothea Carinan,
Ruth
Colin, Mildred Cook, Katherine Cornish,
Mildred L‘oiitant, Doris Cbbb,‘ Muriel
Davies, liessie Diamond, Margaret Dono-

Jean Basch,
.lieggerstaff,

Barber,

Anna Margaret

Constance Clayton, Ruth Clow,

Villl.

Hilda lidmonds, Evelyn

Marjorie
Bertha
(iertrude

Hager,
Harrington,
Hennuigs,

ell, Lucy
t‘atherinc
Margaret

cliam. Caroline Kotrba.

Norma Larson, lidith Lawrence, Heli-
rictta Leveqne, Catherine Lilly, Alice

Lloyd, letiy _‘_I,undy, Anne Maher,
Phoebe Mersereau, Marie Monsces, .Syl-.
via Mont, l.)oroihy- Mullins, (iladys

Nickcrson, lane Nye, Paula ()lsoii, Mar-
jorie' Retina, Margaret Rickard, Marion
Roberts, Marie lx'oell, Martha Root,
‘lillen Russ, ‘l\'iitli lx’nther’fi'ird, Agnes
Rydberg, Wilma Ryer.

Evelyn Sadlcr, Clara Sage, (irecia
Sayles, Gladys Schrodt, Wilhelmina

Sebcsta, Evelyn Sheeley, Virginia Shul-
tes. Esther Slintts, Ada Simmons, Fan~
nic Sipperlcy, Linnia Sotlerman, Hilda
Terh'tiiie, Dorothy Thomas. ﬂ
Winifred Van Salisbury, Jessie Varian.
Margaret Wadsworth, Richard Whistoii,
Doris. V\'i1cox, Anna Williams, Mabel
Winter, Vera \V'olcott, Shirley Wood,
Esther Zimmerman. ,

...___....__.....

NEWS BIRTHDAY PARTY
, IN CAFETERIA OCT. 2

A party'iii celebration of its tenth
birthday will be given Saturday evening,
October 2. by the STATE Connor. News
in the cafeteria. The News will be ten
years old Monday, October 4. The staff,
administrative ofﬁcers of the College, and
former' editor-in-chicfs and business
managers, will be among those iiiVited
to the dinner.

The News club is in charge, under the
general chairmanship of Thelma L. Bre<
zee, ’27, president. Letters have been

written asking former staff leaders to‘

return and a welcome committee will be
formed. ‘

A program of music and speeches Will
be given. Miss Brezee has asked that
all persons connected with the News,
including the newly enrolled freshmen,
attend the dinner. A small charge to
cover expenses will he made.

Among faculty members who are to be
asked to attend are: President A. R.
lirubaclier, Dean William H. Metzler,
Dean Anna E. Pierce, Dr. Harry W.
Hastings, faculty adviser of the News
and chairman of the English department;
Professor C. A. Hidlcy of the history
department, student association treasurer;
Miss lithel Hiiyck, assistant librarian, a
former NEWS staff member, and others.

NEWS TO ENTERTAIN
MEN STUDENTS OCT. 9

State College men will gather in their
ﬁrst social function Saturday evening,
October 9, as the guests of the STATE
Connor: News.

At the suggestion of President A. R.
Brubacber, all college men are invited
to a dinner, which will be held to give
the men a chance to get better acquainted.

All men of the faculty are also invited.
A committee is to be appointed from the
college men to manage the affair. The
dinner will be in the cafeteria, and a
small charge is to be made.

Speeches by student and faculty men,
singing, and other events will comprise
the after-dinner program.

In Types

Elwood,
llelena Fisher, Margaret .lt‘rcitag, Gert-
rude lireiiier, Mary Gareii, Hazel Good-
Hogan,
'llari'is,
[*[ersli-
berg, Saveria Jenkins, Doris Jones, lies-
sie Kata, [.orene Kerr, Marjorie [\et-

Professor Ibiriinrd
S. Iironiion
and
Mrs. Bronson
(Josephine 1). Cameron)
Were Married
Aug. 4

Ell

 

Addition of several new courses in
the cdiicatioii'department, the elimina-
tion of an liiiglisli course, and the sus-
pension of line arts classes for a year
are announced for this fall.

The education department has been
enlarged by the addition of three new
courses. Education 105, educational
nieasnreniciits, will be a study of the
general principles of experiinentaiion as
applied in the field of education in the
first semester. lhu‘iiig-tlie second term
these principles will be applied in the
study of problems in the measurement of
achievements in school subjects, and ae-
quaintance. use and interpretation of re-
snlts (ii'tllc numerous published stan-
dardized tests will he studied. .Thechiss
will be conducted by Dr.  M. lirowncll,
assistant professor of education, Mon-
days, Wednesdays and Fridays at 4:50.

Doctor ii. if. Morris, assistant pro-
fessor of education will teach education
103, psychology of the problem child.
This course considers the characteristics
of a child, differing- from "the average.
the causes of the characteristics and sug-
gestions for treatment. This class will
meet Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays
at 3:55 during the ﬁrst semester.

 

CHEMISTRY TEACHER AND RECENT BRIDE

Three New Courses Added In Education Department;
. schedule Library‘Sa-ence and Gymnasium Periods quarters to the present auditorium. .-\t

MISS PRITCHARD OF

 

. l
LIBRARY SCHOOL HERE ,
Miss Martha C. I-‘ritchard, director of
the library school of Detroit Teachers'
college, has been apioiiited director of
the new library sclioo , which has become
a part of State College this fail. The
regents have given the equipment, salary
budget and headquarters of the state
library school, which is to become iden-
tiﬁed with Columbia university, to the
new college library here.

“The School,” President A. l\'. lil'll-
baclier explained, “begins operation this
month and will continue the work car~
ried on at State College for ﬁve years
by the library department, but in a much
enlarged scope. Although We did not
call for registrants until after the close
of our regular scssien in June, we are
at the point where the number will have
to be limited. For the ﬁrst year we can-
not take more than twenty."

The salary schedule of the state school,
which has been traiisfcred by resolution
of the board of. regents, is about $7,500.
The use of a lecture room and office
space in the state education building has
also been obtained. The large room of:
the old school will not be turned over
to the college.

Miss Pritchard is a graduate of Colum-
bia uiiiversityvaud of' the New York
library school of New York City. She
has had library experience in White
Plains and in the Ih‘idgewater, Mass,
and GCIICSCC Normal schools. She is
now director of the Detroit Teachers’
college library.

When the new buildings, voted the
college by the legislature, are completed,
however, the State College library is to
be moved from its present cramped

Courtesy Albany Menlng News

that time, the library school's heads

Psychology of. adolescence. education quarters may also he moved to the col-

MILNE TO OPEN
Milne High school. State College‘s

' ' ' ‘. "i t'l'r.‘l l, '111 ' ...~,
DETROIT HEADS NEW 51.33"?“ '“s‘iii‘iiiciff Shelli. ’ili'i'ai‘iig

issigiuiientsfor the first semester are
‘ompletc.

     

PEPPERMINT
FLAVOR

Alastin treat
and go d for
teeth, appetite,
and digestion.

 

 

12, will be a study of the types oi he- lege from the state education building.
liavior of children of junior and 59mm- The state library school, llr. lli'n-
high school years, In, A, K, [‘tcjk. haclicr explained, trained librarians for.
assistant professor or mumuiun, will all various kinds of library \voi‘k. Tin-l
teach this Ci'tlll'Sc A'loiidays, \\“'ediiesdays “CW school in connection with State ('ol-~
and Fridays ai'.1:10, r , loge \vill specialize in training high
(,itlier .c-haiiges in the college L‘Illitloguc school librarians. The permanent faculty
this year are the omission of Courses in will comprise iivo persons, a director
line arts and liiiglisli dramatic literature. ‘Vlll' 1'10 "mil? “l {I'll I’I'Hl't‘ﬁmr illltl 11
The schedule 0" Courses j“ library assistant director with the rank of
science are: catologiiig, 'l‘iie5(|iiys,-\\lc(l— “WWII” l“"'l0550|'-
ilL'Sllﬂyﬁ am] ’l‘lmrsdnyg m 3310}. func. The entrance requirements are three
tion of school library Wednesdays and Will‘s “i Culch \Vm'k 315 the minimum.
limp,” a, 9:05; wrurcncc 0” Thursday it IS‘CXpL'Clﬂl that soon a degree will be
and ii‘riday at 10:00: school library ad- l"“i'l'rC‘l. 51310 (“110.20 51111101115 "my
ministration on. Tuesday and Tl‘litirsday 61°C} "ll" “'“rb’ (lllrlllls' their 11"th "ml
at 10155;. and book selection on Mon- H‘llior years or they may take a ﬁfth
or graduate year. .

 

 

 

 

 

PRINTING OF
ALL KINDS

Students and Groups at the State
College for Teachers will be
given special attention

Mills Art Press

394—396 Broadway Main 2287

Printers of State College News

 

 

day and \lVL‘tlIlcstlIly at 2:05.

The gymnasium period for sopho-
mores not scheduled in the recitation
schedule are: Mondays and \\'eiliicsdays,
section A at 10:00, and section II at
10:55: 'l‘iicsday and Thursday, section C
at 1:10, and section I) at 3:00.

. The freshman gymnasium periods are:

'I‘uesdays and Thursdays, section A at
0:05, section It at 10:00, section (I at . . . .
2:05; Mondays and \'\'C(liIcS(liI.yS, section D' Lllmcmn' dalmht” of Mrs” l'rc‘lcrwk

mar. B. sl‘iiiiiiﬁsoNAii/D
WIFE OPEN NEW HOME

Professor liariiard S. Bronson, head of
the chemistry department, has returned
to college after a wedding journey with
Mrs. Bronson, the former Miss Josephine

 

COLGA TE CONFERS ITS
FIRST Pd. D. ON RISLEI’

‘-

  

Courtesy Albany Evening,r News
[)a. Anna W. RiSiaY

The degree of doctor of pedagogy was
conferred upon Professor Adna W. l\'i5-
Icy. head of the history department, in
June by Colgate university, from which
lie was graduated.

Dr. Risley was the ﬁrst to whom the
university has ever given the Pd. D.
degree.

Colgate last spring’made Professor
John M. Sayles, director of practice
teaching and principal of the Milne High
school, a member of Phi lie-ta Kappa,

 

 

honorary scholarship fraternity.

n m   v.  2:05. ll;..“ii’.‘lf;f;2‘.; .Jrztsa.':.:°3;3“.;:::t
son avenue.
1.] I I ‘I. l' _ , ,
METZLER CELEBRATES 4,tilt?ii?l"ililli?3nl’il.31.?35‘1filial?
  pastor of the First Presbyterian church.

 

OUR PARK BRANCH
WELCOMES

the Accounts of State College

Students

NATIONAL COMMERCIAL

Will and TRUST Cl).

PARK BRANCH

200 Walhington Avenue

 

Dean William H. Mctzler celebrated
his sixty-third birthday September 18.

“Gilli Metzlcr is prominent in the field
of mathematics, having membership in
numerous American, British, French and
German societies.

He is the author of College Algebra, OPTOMETRIST 50 N. Pearl St

“ We Understand Eyes "

EMVM

' EYEGLASSES

. Albany. NY. OPTICIAN

 

1906, and has contributed many articles

 

to mathematical journals of America and
Europe.

Dean Metzler was former editor of ,
The Mathematics Teacher," the “,lour- ‘
iial of Pedagogy,” and was president of
the Association for Teachers of Mathe-
matics in the middle states.

Dean Metzler received his bachelor's
degree at the University of Toronto in
1888 and his doctor's degree at Clark
university in 1892. He is a member of
Phi Ieta Kappa, Sigma Xi, and Phi
Kappa Phi, college honor societies.

I"

and CLASS I

 

L. G. BALF OUR

Manufacturing Jewele
Attleboro.

 

F RATERN ITY, COLLEGE

Commencement Announcements and Invitations
[Makers of the New York State College for Teachers}
Standard Ring

ASK ANY COLLEGE GREEK

EWELRY

COMPANY

rs and Stationers
M ass.

 

 

MANTELL TO APPEAR
Probably the oiin opportunity for State

College students to see Sliakcspearian
plays on the stage in Albany this year
will be offered next week, when lx’obert
Maiitcll, the well—known actor, will give
four performances at the Capitol theatre,
on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday
evenings and Wednesday matinee. Three
of these will be Shakespeare's plays.
The program is: Monday evening,
“King l.ear;" Tuesday evening, “Riche—
lieu;” Wednesday matinee, “As You
Like It;” Wednesday evening, “The
Merchant of Venice.” Mr. Mantell will
be supported by Genevieve Hamper and

‘ggTen Broeck Restaurant &
i2 NORTHERN BLVD.
Phone West 287-]

 

 

 

 

a large cast.

GRACE E. GEERY. Prop.

CLUB BREAKFASTS
DAILY LUNCHEONS
STEAK and CHICKEN DINNERS

Primrose Tea Room
68 CHAPEL STREET
Phone Main 6535-]

 

 

 

  

