soles. -, .1:

 

 

 

 

 

valued iricnd of the

Page Two

Dials '(tiallrgr ﬁrms

Plannius IY rm: cuts: or ml
Mar, 19 1026 No 23

 

Vol, X

 

Published weekly during the college
year by the Student Body of the New
York State College for Teachers at
Albany, New York.

The subscription rate is three dollars
per year. Advertising rates may be had
on application to the business manager.

 

 

Editor-in-Chiei
Hanv S. GoprsEv, '26
Managing Editor
EnwrN VAN KLEEcK, '27
Business Manager
HELEN E. Enron, '26
Subscription Manager
HELEN Banccav, '26
Copy Reader
MAIGAIET BENJAMIN, ‘26
Assistant Business Managers
MYIA HARTMAN. '27
HELEN ZIMMERMAN, '27
Assistant Subscription Manager
’t'iiELMA 'l‘EMrLE, ' '
Assistant Copy Reader
JULlA Far, ’27
Associate Editors
Sara Barkley, ’27 Luutsc Conn, '27
Katharine Blcnis, Anna Roll '20
Joyce Persons, ’26
Reporters
Leah Cohen Elizabeth .‘tiacMullen
Thelma Brezce Lela Van chaick
Virginia Higgins Katherine Saxton
Adelaide Holtistcr Dorothy Watts
Elnah Kricg Bertha Zajan

A C(,)LLIC(JE HELL

State College should vote this morn-
big to raise money for a bell to memo-
rializc tllc college in Albany's carillon.
and there should be a one hundred per
cent response by students with in.lividual
subscriptions.

The News has two reasons for this
stand. :lt‘or the first, it helicivs that the
Collegetowcs it to itself to he repre-
sented in a public campaiin which ha" '
its Object the heightening of the niii.;.L
appreciation and enjoyment of the thon-
sands of city residents, among them our
own students.

The second and more important reason
is that the gift of a “State (300' . -
Milne High School licll" will he an ex-
cellent expression of our gratitude to
Albany ,for the friendliness and the prac-
tical financial assistance whiClt the city's
pcoplc liaic given without stint for inorc
than eighty years. Albanians, it might
be said, established the College, and
even today all the College trustees are
residents of the city. When the present
appeal was rcvchcd a year ago and
State ('00ch went to Albany for money
to build the Alumni Residence Hall, the
response was neither slow nor mean.
More than $50,000 was contributed by
the city's citizens to build the dormitory.
Now, when Albany appeals, it is appro-
priate that a similar sp' 't of generosity
be shown. State Collette should grasp
this opportunity to be among the scores
of Albany organizations, institutio '
individuals subseribinu to the “singing
tower." Its bell should hang with the
others that will ring out over the city,
the first publicly subscribed carillon
in America.

Nearly three-fourths of the carrillon
total of $40,000 is already subscribed.
Some of the bells will cost as much as
$5,000, notably that which is the gift of
Mrs. William Gorham Rice. wife of the
College who will
speak on carillon music at both asseni

 

 
 

 

c

 

 

      

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. MARCH lit. lttL’tI

Rival Clan Insignia Hang Side by Side at Soiree;
Fresh Capture Yellow and White Banner From Sophomores

The yellow and white emblem of '28 the emblem of ’28. By careful tactics
was wrested from the hands of its proud and diplomacy on the part of “K! frosh.
owners Saturday morning by a band of the secret hiding place of the banner
freshman girls, and is now in the sale was discovered. Just before noon Sat-
keeping of '29. urd'iy. the ambitious band of yearling

For the first time in the history of the girls descended iii an avalanche on the
banner rivalry contest the ) n"vrs of ‘28 'uarrlians of the desired trophy. ARM
and '2‘), the two rival cl: 4, luiiig side rraiiiing permission from the occupants
by side at the soirce last Friday night of the house, the '7‘

   

 

members of L.)
This feature was due to the stringent searched, and fund the banner, and
measures adopted after the rush ttl.’ after a tussle made off wfth it.
by '28 on the banner of '27 at the r The new, clean freshman banner lics
last year, when the police. reserves bad in the ssioii of its owners. :1 Cha-
to quell the excitement caused by the 'cnge to the rivals. Rumor has it that
ra’d. 'hc sophs will have to step lively if they
Plans were on foot Friday, and a band intend to even scores lit-fore the contest
of freshmen organized to raid and win closes Moving—up Day, May 4.

MATH CLUB SETS DA TE MUSIC ASSOCIATION TO
FOR ANNUAL BANQUET PRESENT HESS RECITAL

At a meeting of Mathematics Club 0,, Timmy”... morning. AIM-it g. “m

  

 

 

 

 

'l‘linrsday, the date set for the initia-leic Ass“ inn will prt-si'nt Myra
tion of [WW lllt‘iltlICl‘S was April l7. H05... in :1 mm", no.“qu Miss “(My
Plans were also made for the annual ‘ English HM m- vaish him“ is. on“ of
club banquet in he held that same u\‘t'll- ll“. “HM mm.” pianists m- lmlﬂy' mu]
l’lii- ml" (“Conway Will l’“ l” Clmriil'v has a position in lllt‘ l'hilbarnionic
assisted by lrL-uc lidt-lniau and Alag~lUrChuMm of NC“, ymk (jinn
'l‘il}"”l Sl'mk-‘i' The group oi selections to be played
lilla (irct'uway read an article oath), Miss includes Sclmlmmm
"lfighvr Aspects of Secondary School 1 “minus, “damn. and

An tlt’ltt'lt' concvrning ; (jimmlh

 

 

Hess
Debussy,
Matliciiialics."
the ua-c of calculation rules in (Thina
“as read and demonstrated by Flor»
‘iit't' l':llllnl‘t'.

Those wishing pins may secure them
witlt the next order by notifying Ruth
Maynard at once.

The annual Spring' Concert will be
held in the auditorium Saturday even-
Ing, May 15. and will bc followed by
a dance in the gynmasinuh

ALUMNI AND VARSITY
MEET IN LAST GAME
OF YEAR FOR GIRLS

squad will

BASKETBALL DINNER
HELD NEXT TUES AY

An informal basketball dinner will br
held in the cafeteria. 'I‘ut-sday, at 0:00.
1 Not only nicmlicrs of learns but all inter-
e ted in basketball are invited
liCitl‘t ianzi Maar, varsin manager. i:

cncral chairman. Mary Nci'illc will
Jlt'l‘itll c place cards and Mildred Laiislcy
is chairman of I'ai'ors. The price of tlic
,li:‘.ucr is fifty cczits.

(iirls varsity basketball
play its last [game this sctsm WllC'l it
‘ppo in: lllt' alumnae tomorrow at 0:”
in the gym. Members of the colic (-
varsity tcruus of the last llll'Jt' wars will
be beef: to pl Anion-g those expected
back are lCinily llcltlltl", \‘i’ilhcliui'ia
llciuen‘ian. '24; lllll‘tlllt‘i’l llcitz. lilor-
i-‘icc t‘raddoch. Dorothy lfiyt, Dorothy
'l‘riylor, and Alice Duty, ’25. .‘iincc the
p crinlis contest this y with
alumina- was close, an cspcc'al'y t'xi‘il-
i .g trivrglc is )t'Clt'tl. Many alumnae
"ri:.. '])L‘t‘it‘(l liacl l): ' ' will foliou
he gznnc Admission is ten cents.

 

PRINTERS HAVE COPY
FOR BOOK OF VERSI:

x\ll copy for "A liook of Student
‘Vcrse" is in the hands of the lirandow
Printing Company. Delivery is promised
by May l. The book will he then sold

 

    

lilies t-'l':y. The State College hell can-
not lJt' so (:Vpcu ive, but it sh )llltl be
large enough to he a fittiirz nit-maria. ,. . . . I
.\lil"c lfi h school students have atom-.1 ill“ .(lc‘nl’rimm Mic ""7"" ‘5 by All“
to pivc $l00 and l'rcsidc’it l‘rulnichc: l ("‘“‘l“'l~’- '26. and llK' Gilli-10 S by Mary
zuid student officer's fecl‘that \"i‘b thci.’ (ialvin, '27, fioth of the fine arts departv
' ill "5 it” llicmllet-‘v 11',“ (“lie i” “111' “"131” Iuent Au alumni sales campaign is
this amount. Hit: in b School is Wl -‘ ’1, I
log to join its cmtrilnilion with ours. I ‘mnc"
This would provide a bell valued at:

 Er'22.E..;:E.r...zrisciaENEWMAN CLUB PLANS
C OMML’NION SUNDA Y

consciousness which they have shown in
Another event scheduled for March

ofieri'ng this money. Albany is to he
21 on the Newman Club calendar. is

 

  

$§

congratulated upon the possession of two
newspapers. the Knickcrhor r ’rt- - l
and the Albany luvening Ne w'tl‘ t

 

 

it t .
enough public spirit and enterprisi- to;thu third Quarterly Lonniiunion amt

conceive and conduct this ])l‘£ll‘it'l\’ rtht ,Brcakfast to be held at the church 0’

campaign. State Collcvc should w! i 1- ., , , , _ _, _ ,
hesitate in its support, and everyone o' i Sfi‘ \"m‘m (it PM” 'md [m At‘ldw”
our 1,100 students should do his 'ha - 'n U ’9'” “my Niu'ws'

financing the “State ('ollcge-Mil't- lfi h “th“ "lily ht“ l’rUCUl‘t'tl I'I‘UIII ill
icliool llcll." councillrrs.

 

 

PULI Silt PAGEANT
on Is SELECTED

Connects Manhattan Purchase
and Signing Declaration
Of independence

Political Science (Ilub will stage an
‘llSltIl‘iCill pageant, “Aim: at 'l'riiunph-
not," The pageant is in :ninii't-rsary
of the signing of the Declaration of
fndepcmloucc iii l77o, and the purchase
’lf lllt' island of Manhattan from tho
fndians in 1626; two events which, far
apart as they may st-ciii, arc hilt-rost-
illgly connected in that the New York
igut-rs of the lJcc'ai-a‘ion of lndcpcii-
deuce had. as ancestors, some of llu'
Hutch of New [\tllflt‘l' 'aui who iii-go-
iatcd tlu- piirclmv of what is now
New Yuri; (’ily.

'l'wciily pit'ltvd members of the WI»-
int-n‘s ('liwrus ilt‘t' being trained by
Mr. T, lircdi-rick ll. ('andlyni and will
'irni llit' pageant chorus, Miss lsa»
lit-ilc Johnston, instructor in physical
cducatioil, has ﬂange of the donors
which include a colorful Indian ilaiit‘c.
an. old "wooden shoe dance," and a
tllttltlt‘l

Scones of the pageant are laid in
New Artistt‘rdain. Mt. Vernon and
l’ltlliltlt'lllllltl. Miss Agnes l“lillt'l‘('|‘ is
-.1ipt-riisiiig the directing of the

 

  

 

iagcant. ’l'lic rasl of the pageant in-
cludes Lillian littlrli'r, ii-ttv Write,
Mildrcd (irai'cs, Marta-Ila Stri-ct. Mary
l.lt‘l'(3lltllll, l'Ilva larbuinsou, Julia hay.
fii‘ol'gia l)ei\loclrvr, llt-lcn 'l‘onipkin's.
l'hcluin 'I't-Iuplc, Marjorie Si-i-gcr. Ruth
liclllllllt‘. Nettie (iilbt'rt, lithcl Iluilois.
\lary lilieiii, Agltt's ilotlvi I. Mariorio
Youngs, (lfla (fowl-y, Isabelle l'ludr.
\nuc htt‘uliug'cr, liudora |.ainpinau.
and Marion ('hescbrougb.

llic committees in charge arr-2
't'tlt‘l‘tll chairman, Louise (innit: scrnu
‘ary—trcasurcr, Kcniu-th r\f.'u-li:iriand:
house, llazol licnjniiiiu; stage ilirt'i'tur.
Marlon O'Connor; costinncs, Marjorie
Cm: stage setting llvlcu Ziniint-riuan;
:lt‘UpL'rlIL'S, Sara liark nlvcrlisiug,
lbchna llrczec: posit-rs, Dorothy
\r'atts; music. Mary lt'hii'n; daucus.

Hertha Zaian.

ASK COLLEFE BELL
(Continued from page 1.)

 

 

 

 

 

the first city in America to have a caril-
lltllll’llttllfs‘lll'lw popular subscription.

'lhc carillon fund is a splendid t" it:
project. worthy of every poxsihle sup~
onrt.’ l‘ri'sidcut lb'ubaclIi-r said. “It is
very fitting that the rollt. i-'s name be
fouwl among the public spiritt‘d urollps
of the City which are niciuoriafircd by
)ells. I am confident that the students
will vote to raise mom-y for the collccc
hell and that lllt‘V \vill individually sub-
scribe tln: small amounts whirh will
make no the big total."

Nearly all lllt‘ larger bells which will
go to Inal'c tip the carillon h'is llt'Cll rc-
servcd by previous subscribers to the
fund, i't-previ'vtativr-s of the. two ncws~
papers said. Inn 21 $400 bell will be set
aside for the college, if favorable action
is talrcu today

 

 

("olonol lx‘itc' talk will also concern
carillon music. Mr. Ril‘t' has written
several books, includiiw “'l‘owr'r Music
‘ Low t‘ountrios." “('aril‘mis of lit‘l"
9min and l'folland." and “The (‘arillou
III literature."

Mr. ls'l(“ a nit-tuber of the State civil
service cwuuuission. is one of the insti-
"ators of the present campaign in Al-
bain for the carillon lltt‘lll'll‘fill.

 

.1 _ '1

 

