 

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, OCTOBER 22, 1926

 

State College NeWs

ESTAHLISIIED ttv riir. CLASS or 1918
The Undergraduate Newspaper of New York
> State College for Teachers

THE N IEW S BOARD
tliiwin VAN t<t.iv:t-:rn...........i .........Editor-mvChief
(appii ttelta Rho l-luu i West 431,4
[imam Zinnetiuitn......... .........Iiti.rmers Manager
' . 853 Mn-Ilnon Ave . West Milli-[t ‘ I
Vuuannt Huatuqs. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ........Mtuiagmg Editor
r50 Washington.Avenue, West 209 - ; ‘
 .xlsimcinle Manor/mg Editor
.ike,r\vv. tie, ,Weitt 169 -l .
. . . .b‘tibrtrirlmn Manager
West 2752

 

   

 

Sana BARKLEY. . ..
“J $0.

   
 
  

'l‘iii:i.n.i TEMl'H 
I i fianuua l'lousc,

 

SI'NIUII Assoctyria Horrors .
Kra‘tuuunn "LEXIS, ‘2 tn.i\ My. ‘2 ,
't‘uemua L. I '7 Louise. I). (iimn, 27

"Fruits ‘
It VAN tacit/iron, '38
av THY Wivrrs, ’28

  

eat‘n Assoetam ['2
Annular; I‘IOI.I.I.\ , '28 .
Maxiv Jum-ru [u‘ﬁql’ON‘l '23 It
REI‘URTl-jlls
Rose IltMNSKY, '29
t‘ltJtJJI'. KAUFMAN, '29
Nov KtJlVlEN, '29

 

limit If. McNirr'r, '27

(our 1i: ‘t. '37

t‘ltlellli't" l'tiovos'r. '27
i i

  
  

  

    

lama, 27 tinninncr. Roan, ’29

. ttui'ourv. ’23 It 1 lAl'El ti, '2')
View, '28 Lou M Mucus, ’29
i, ‘ liti ttt't‘tt I'UH’EII, '29

    

urn .t.. Z
tturu ti. Mtturttc, ’23
that-ritual: lltt.isi.oiv. ’29
.u1'T. '39
\' hIdNAUI‘IIIS

lion rur lIIlHDl.0N, ’27
A ‘ll '28
.\t . .ll Lassen, '29
Stx'ron, hilt
Stiliscriitinn Manager
acu tv 'r\_ '
riti

 

   

llt-‘un'r,

ltii. llAiutv \ .

Sana ItAtikti-zr, lliret
\\‘n.t.i.i

lti‘ru \Ssistnnt
\" llAsrtn

     
  

i .
tin (lass

   

    

  

n .\|.

 

l'ivsi in”, I \Iicc-

l'.ii.i.u\ l.. l t.
‘ .‘Illttitlll [Ans-Lin

ilti: ‘
I'risiiliut.

 

  

tee year by the Editorial Board
4'\.1VllCl full. Subscription, $3.00 per

llclivcr l anywhere in the United
s matter at rostolliec. Albany, N. Y.

  

‘ LIL“
lite

 

l .\
Nudettt
‘ coitus. (Ln ceutt.
l‘iuhrcll a» shunt l 'c'

  

 

)t'll‘, .si
States.
.irily endorse s'Ittinieuts exircsscd in
will be printed unless tie wrtlc'rs'
tor-in-l‘hicf of the News. Anonymity

 

The News iiuts
criitlrilnitions.
names are iv
all it .s,

It‘[ in ct

  

   

 

lItl\lt-Ztt iii Mitts .\ttT l'lltiw'S, 394‘396 Broadway

Friday October /‘.’, W36 Vol. XI, No.
THE FINANCE BOARD ACTS

The prompt and business-like way it! which the student
finance board has reacted to the Nuns” open letter of last
week is another guarantee that a llt‘\\' record for tax cob
Iectiou cltfut'Ct'tItt'ttl will he establisln-d here this y . Next.
Tuesday the board will inert jointly with tlte student coun-
cil to consider more adequate enforcement methods. It is
iiiiotlier record for round judgment by tlte board wltich iIt
nine years has never allowed a deficit to accumulate.

The joint meeting; undoubtedly means tltat tlte board is
determined to proceed with the t‘ullcctitftt of the tax and
collect it all. In this rtorlt it will hate the fitll moral sup-
port of more than uiuiwtrnths of the student hotly. Nearly
every reaction which has reached the News on the subject
has CX‘li't'RxUll the opinion that enforcement shuttd be more
stringent. Not all agree with the Nun's on the method to
be employed. bttt this was to he expected. lietter plans may
be found for enforri-nwut than that sierg’ested last week by

 

 

the .‘s't-L

The t:
body loyally
collect the remainder rather than as a reason for delay.
"his is a degree of support more nearly unanimous than
that which many .«intilar tax lllt'IlSltl'L" can boast. lt speaks
well for the great mass of tin: l‘ollcee's students. it sp'aks
well for their personal and «trial integrity.

It shruld spttt‘ the dcliinpietits to p ' the tax willingly.
And if they do not. it »li inld eiwour » either forced pay-
ment or the alternatire of ('n|ll|lll'll' expulsion front extra-

t that ninety per cent atnl more of the student
> iln‘ tax, should serve as an incentive to

 

 

 

 
 

curricular activities.

These delinquent «tulleiih )ll'llllll consider the other side
of the problem. Suppose everyone reiun-d to pay his tax.
What would happen to men's and women's sports, neither
of which draws enough nate r L'tlils in a year to keep the
players in court plaster." What would liappi- to the Quar-
terly. to the .\'t:\\ to the student directory? What would
a student do when he fell ill- and lacked money for medical
attention and lltlsliliill care? What \'.'o::ltl become of the
 and $3 concerh by highly talented musicians, and the
presentations of lecturers. painters, and sculptors?

The student tax stands or falls on the student morale
back of it. State (follre 's. morale for nine years has not
failed. it is iii has danLL. of failiue today than ever. That
is whay the opportunity ' here to make the tax collection
one hundred per cent complete.

The student finance board will know how to deal with
organizaiiiinseis well as iudiiiduals if they block its work.
It is di .cult to follow the logic of a uronp which says,
“Give, give, give us money," but which at IllL‘ same time
l)l‘l "s that it owes no obligation to those whose help alone
makes possible its nork, That is not business. It is not
common se The linaner board will halt this. as it will

 

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

practice of such a profession. Just as [rand and dishonesty
have been perpetrated in the name of one without bringing
down universal opprobrium on the term so it should be With
the other. Moreover, any prohibition of the practice of
politics is as futile as it is unjust. The institution is here
to stay regardless of opposition. ‘ ,
.Tlt‘c principal accusation that can be leveled agatltst poli-
ltCS. is‘that of pettntess.‘ While there has been dishonesty
in individual cases, these cases have been relatively few.
In general, however, there has been an element at stintlluess
and of lltppancy that lit itself prohtbits serious consulerzittuu
of the matter one way or another. ' .

'lltc rinsing of deﬁnite campaign Issues on Wittle
forms ought be. based would be a big stcp'towztt'tl l'l( .
ourselves of this pctttttcss. While there is yet an . tit
tune before the election (lay the fortnulalnigof deluntc
platforms by the CttttthllllUS for the various othces would
be eminently in order. . ,

Instead of this petty, “You vote for my friend and Ill
vote for your " type of campaigning, why not inaugurate
sortie real politics based on (lCﬁtlth issuesr

plat-
lingr

   

 

STUDENT FORUM

SAYS TOO MANY DODGE TAX

linrrott, THE News: , ,

It seems to me that the student organization of State
College has been lax long enouin in the collection of the
student tax and penalizing for the non-lniytnent of such.
Speedy action is the qni st and surest cure.

Some students hav * ed the opinion that it is "folly
to pay the student tax because one can get in all the con-
certs and plays without even showing the ticket." They
say they are tired of carrying their tax lick t around with
them. No one eve s for them. Do ' tlta attitude con-
stitutc "tirillege spin it most certainly does not. ['er«
baps you get tired of hearing “College spirit" used to ex«
plain or account for so many things, but after all upon
what else does (‘ullege exist?

I run very much hi favor of the committee mentioned in
last wee"5 H . ﬂy the way, if you hare not read your
News of last week, get a copy and review that editorial
carefully. It will be well worth your while. instead of
having three members of said counnittce at the door of
every concert and entertainment, let's have six. if neces-
sary, in M sure that only those in possession of :«tudcnt tax
tickets are admitted. l suppose it Would be pretty hard to
turtt away a friend, but the world is hiiilt upon favoritism,
so let's be different at State.

CALLS NEWS' TAX PLAN NONSENSE

Mr outta Mn. Etn'rott:

Aniut this editorial of yours in the last number of the
.'t- : It's a lovely idea of course to plan some way in
which the inevitably-uegligeut trill be forced to pay their
bills. Of course this is not so very different from the
world at large, which penalizes the people who pay by mak-
ing them stand the expenses caused by that unnecessary
luxury of supporting the others.

lut your idea is a glorious impossibility. rc point:
to create several more offices to c ch the i .ent ones
which we already hare. What nonsense! You know that
we already have so much uia‘chiuery here now that the place
fairly emails with the weight of it. livery News we pick
up tells of more additions to ottr overhead of management,
already unnecessarily large.

'unld you create a .sumileun-utary police force ll do
away with graft on the force? l’er taps btit why not weed
ottt Some of the iltcoinpctents (in the incr body? (Jr to
make it personal~why not see '
officers do their work. There is on re' srut
“door-men" should not be able to satis actorin kccp out
the sponges. There is no reason why the present linancu
board has not enough brains to find a suitable penalty for
non~paynient.

_ Why create any tuorc oliiccs—or is someone else looking
lut‘ it tn):

THE

 

 

   

n
r
A

 

 

     
 

 

  

 
  
  

 

r:

 

   

[it-INT l‘li.\5ti.

 

TEN YEARS AGO IN STATE COLLEGE
From the ﬁles of News for Oct. 23, l9l6

 

 

 

' "State .Colletze's bit,r sport. ha. tbzll, trill be ushered
In (in l'rtday, when Manager l’earsall will hold the an—
tittal basketball t:tg;tl;ty. It is a truly sad feature of our
college lite that our team must be equipped by such
means as a tag-day, and it is hoped that future years

will brine; a remedy  this evil.

. "'l'he chapel period on every Friday will hereafter be
trout 9 to 9:40. All other periods following 9:4!) will
be shortened by ﬁvcjmittutcs until the la. ' period
is reached, when the Friday schedule will attain cun—

    

form with that ot other days."

 

' “ll seems that Dr. Brubaclter. address at Y. hi. (I A.
is soon in bear fruit. as a class in ling .li is now being,r
formed with J. Miller. a student of S ('., z.‘ t‘ 'tt‘t‘.
Ebhcr courses to be given are Spanish and Naturalizav
ion.

 
  

‘ “A teacher‘s conference will be held in ltoom 160 on
Saturday. October let. which will be attended by the
Arts teachers of Albany and \‘i 'ttity."

 

:‘At a recent faculty lltccllllg a committee was ap—
pointed to arrange for memorial exercis s to the late
llezin Blue. lllC exercises will be held in November.
lhe nicmbers of the committe‘ are: Dr. lx’ichai'dson.
l‘rof. Kirthiud. and Dr. Hutchinson."

 

Association Ofﬁcers
Welcome Criticism
Zajan Says

tiv litilt’t‘ttA anan
l'reeltlent Student Aeroetntlun

Members of the student RSSUClﬂllt‘m,
I believe, are beginning to recognize
their privileges. It is a deltuhttul sign
of participation and interest. it main—
lesied itself for the ﬁrst time after the
“pep” meeting last lt't'iday, when a group
of students who were tliss‘éltsltcd \vith
certain action taken by the officers, made
their attitude apparent. ‘

[\s we are often told, we are not Ill-
fallihlc and should accept courteous cri-
tivisnt as well~meatit and an omen of
3.;u(t(l wishes for hopeful itttpl‘uyclttcltt.
The officers welcome it as such anti iti—
tend to encourage further it " ' In.

After all, our desire is to make our
joint action as representative as pusstblc
of the, entire body. This can be accotuv
plisbed only when a complete under-
:vaudiue‘ of student de‘ and St‘ltlt-
ments are reache( 'l‘l itu'pose of My"

 

   

r.
V

 

     

 

 

skauia and the l cutivc council is to
seek out the" (tsires and, as far as
possible, materialize them. This is why
we \\"lt‘utttt‘. the voice of disapproval as
well as that of approval.

Many students CX|ll‘( sed their siucct‘c
enjoyment of last wee . “ " 1:
and have asked for frequent repetitio
('ounril plans to lta ': them often. l'lach
time the program is void of ltllSlIILs'V',
students may request singing and cheer-
 'l'h ir pleasure will he. asked '
such instances. Never will they be de-
tained unnecessarily. \\'hen the business
in finished, the surplus time will be at
the disposal of the tttlents either for
adjournment or for . tl‘ tit: and cheeriue.

[COLLEGE BRIEFS

line to the illness of Mrs. Kit'llatul.
l‘rofcssor l\'. {irt and ,t‘cts that
he will be unable to have open house
for students tiiitil after 'l'liauksinritu;

NEW CLoci< IS 0F GERMAN
MAKE

   

       

 

 

  

 

 

   

 

    

'l'he Steele memorial chick installer] in
the home economics corridor recently is
of German make, and strikes every half
ltuttl‘

Miss (fora Ann Steele was instructor
ill the department for tiftceu years, en~
teriiu; the department only a few months
after it was established.

The clock was purchased by subscrip-
tion from altnnui and uinlergradttatcs.

BETA ’ETA ENTEETAINS
ALUMNI

Beta Zeta entertained liorotlty
'25; Marcia t‘hatl'ield, '26' am] L .
IMilnltiiie, '26, over the week-end of Octo—
)CI' .

 

llaiigln,

Beta Zeta announces the birth of a
son to Mr. and Mrs. llarold Vane-hit of
Glens Falls. Mrs. Vaughn was former—

ly Isabel Winch, 2.7.
NEWMAN CHANGES STUDY
HOUR

'llw weekly history ainl mathematics
study hour at Newman hall has been
ehaueed from 7:.itl o'i-lork, ’l‘iii-sday
evening, to the same, time \\ Ctlttc~tl't

BETA ZETA MOVES
Beta Zeta sorority has moved to 283

 

   
     

  

\\'c.steru avenu 'l he rouse members
are: l\'ttllt li its, '37; ie Skiulmot‘c.
'27; l nothy ex, '3 '

'27; , lly \\ood, '27:

'8; ,nue I[olroyd, -b and Florence
Putter, 'Zl’i.

CHI SIGMA THETA PLEDGES
t'lii Sieina 'l‘heta welcomes (il'ilti‘

thapdelaine. '2‘), atid Catherine .\lt-

v'iowaii, '2”. as pledut- I'lll'lllllt'l'm

  

\\'&'L'l(>L'lltl

Mary lilauiuan . \ is a
'l'heta house.

truest at (‘hi Sigma

CANCEL NEWMAN HIKE

“.\ll plans for Newman club hilie ll‘t\t'
been cancelled because of the ' lltl'lti’lt‘ltr
in}: cold neather." Winifred ('arey, '17,
president. said, "A sleigh ride later iii
the season will take the place of the .‘tlI-
llttttl hike."

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

’I‘licre
Thcre
There
There
Aw-t

\\'itlt re}.
You will. 1
uiiehticst :
State. liin
scutalitcs t
it tions at
there's you‘

 

 

u-I'fcclly ~.n

.i/it
ft'ill'x
liti‘um
tillt' ttl
qu/ It

u /~i‘,

.‘ilr,

l t‘i'tllt'l ‘
.inws no :i
Mroi‘ity it
.\l) m l'll
tl tintuiil \
l tin-l. llt'l
til wall-:itr:
rt 1.. t‘ll ».hi
llti- ltill t\vl‘
~l’lt‘ll Htl till
littlili L‘ :;tt

Button, b
ton?

"Not I,"
chick."

(Scz us, t
if ya—dou’t

‘.\ itlt Illt'
\‘mt‘tll‘l‘ \\‘llt‘l
itt‘.ll"~ llu' s.t
’ltI-‘i III Lill'l.

lit‘alill tilt-
the “ilil'llltj tl
t\l|lt'll they v

li‘r uizititii'
'lii the .priu
\tl‘ll tlii-y \\l

.luilit’u't‘ lit

‘V'ituo'ilx I'll/I

unriuurimlw.

 

\‘ihit :.
Ii‘f'r i ’io
lii‘tir i'mn
real in .rrui‘i'

Jw

c:

MARGARET
RETURNS
l'l.t l'lii

 

 

lluri'hiws. ("2

ii. di- i'ti.

PSI GAMMI

