 

I 2

State - College News
ESTABLISHED nv Tm: Cuss or 1918

The Undergraduate Newapaper of New York
State College for Teachers

THE NEWS .BOARD

EDWIN VAN KIA-nick. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. ....Editor-in—Chief
Kappa Delta Rho House, West 4.11.4
HELEN ZIMMERMAN. . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . .I3Itmxen Manager
858 Madison Avenue, West wits-R I .
VIRGINIA Hmoms....................... lounging Editor
550 Washington Avenue, West 2096-.1‘ .
SARA BARKLEY.....--........./f.t‘.mclnft’ Managing Editor
So. Lake Avenue, West -_ '
TIIEI.IIA TEMPLE. . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . . .SubrcrI/vtmn Manager
l‘si Gamma House. West 2752

_ Semen AssocIATII Eon-ans
luTIIAIIIa: Burns, '27 JULIA Far, '27
THILMA L. Bums, '27 Looms I). (tuna, ’27
JUNIOR AssocIATn EuITols
AnIzLAIn: lloLLISTen, '28 Lem Van SCIIMCK, '28
Man JUDITH Laaonon, ‘28 Donu‘l‘tlv \VATTS, '28
Rsronreas
ltosr. Dunsxv, '29
Manur. Kaumau. '29
Mar KHWBN, '29
l-‘wnBNCII. Kora, '29
ltnssm luil'l’ﬁSB, '29
Lunth Mucus, '29
IIZI.I7.AIII1.TII ['uI.vu, ' .
(.‘uouaa SGMLEICII, '29
ltonea'r J. Sllll.LlNal.AW, ’29

 

ltuTIl H. McNuTT. '27
Kim l’aasz. ’27
Mason" I’aovosr, '27
llexrna luau, ‘27 '
KATHLEEN Douoorv, '28
U‘l‘ll FLANMMN, '28
MILnnen Gun. '28
ltu'rII G. Moon, '28
Gannon: BaasLow, '29

Van BELLY. Wetter-r, ’29
‘ AsmsTANT Business MANAGE“
luwm L. llAKza, '27 )oImTIIv Manama, '27
Taurus l'. l’ALLon, '29 Anna Ill)l.lt()VD, '23
FRANCIS l5. GltrrIN, ‘28 MILDRED Master. ‘29
KATIIIzItINI: Sax-run, ‘8
RUTII I\'r.t.l.r.\', Assistant Subscriitiou Manager
. Iaaav W. IIASTINlis, Faulty Adviser
Sana llaattuiv. Director 0 "Iva V " 'I 'lass
\VIIJJAM M. I-‘naacn, liesk I. nor
’I‘IIcI..\I.\ l., "Home. President, News Club; IloIInTIIv WATTS, Vice-
l‘res‘ulent; AllLDEED l.ansr.r.v, Sceretary-‘l‘reasurer

   

 

I'IIIIIixlIcrl every l-‘ridny in the collect: year by the Editorial Board
representing the Student Association. Subscription, $1.00 per
'car, single copies, ten cents. Delivered anywhere in the United
.'tatrs. l-Intcred as secnlld class matter at posloflice. Albany, N. Y.

 

The News does not necessarily endorse sentiments ex ressed in
contributinns. No connnunications will be printed unless I e writera'
names are left with tltc Eduardo-Chief of the News. Anonymity
will be preserved if so desired.

 

Pam-nu) ar MILLs AuT l’aess, 394-396 Broadway
Friday November 5, 1926 Vol. XI. No. 8
AN APOLOGY TO ‘30

The News regrets dccply the unfortunate publication last
week of an untrue story and editorial regarding the fresh-
man election. This newspaper sincerely apologizes to the
freshman class and to the othcrs concerned for its part in
the mistake. it is happy that it was wrong and tlIat the
election was, with one minor exception, entirely an honest
one. The NI-szs, as is told on page one today, published
the story in good faith, believing that it had the correct
facts and that their publication was its duty.

THE IGNORANCE OF THE EDUCATED

The ignorance of the cducatcd has hccome a by-word.
The lack of suflicicnt intelligent interest by the potentially
intclligcnt in public questions has been an open point for
attack on modern education. The failure of the colleges
to produce students who can think straightly on affairs away
from the campus has been pointed out again and again.

Now comes at College an opportunity for the student body
to get at least a start toward remedying some of these de-
fccts. Opcu student forums are to be begun for the dis-
cussion of questions important to College students and to
men and women generally. The College Y. W. C. A. has
furnished the organization for the forums, but the entire
College is invited to share the beneﬁts. There are those
who think that it is impossible to move the American
undergraduate mind to a consideration of much that does
not effect it immediately and materially. Studan editors
in many Colleges are saying this in their editorials, either
openly or between the lines. They have been hinting,r at it:
for years. lint they are painting only the dark side of
the picture. The fault is as often with those who try to
stimulate student interest as it is with the students thcnI~
selves. Of course students are interested in what interests
men and women generally. Of course they have in addi-
tionccrtain interests peculiar to themselves. Of course,
also, they want to know what others think about what in-
tcrcsts them.

That is why a. student forum can succeed if it is given
a chance. Give State College's student forum a chance.
Attend its meetings.

 

 

LOYALTY —- PLUS BUSINESS METHODS

An example in loyalty is offered by the senior class
which has announced that in addition to its gift to the
College of a portrait of Dean Anna E. Pierce, it will
give a large window for the auditorium. The portrait
of Dean Pierce alone would have been a gift worthy of
any class. The addition of a stained glass window is
equally commendable. Besides both of these rcmcm<
‘branccs. the class hopes to be able to leave a small
sum for the Alumni Residence hall fund. But despite

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, NOVEMBER 5, 1926

levying a large sum on each of many person and collecting
from a few of them, but of laying an equal and moderate
burden on many and collecting from all.

Business judgment is altogether too rare in the ad-
ministration of student organization ﬁnances, with the
notable exception of the conduct of the student budget.
which, it is worthy of remark, has faculty guidance. It
is open to question whether this argues an lncapability
of the undergraduate mind in financial affairs or merely
indicates carelessness and slipshod methods. But
whichever is true, the fact remains that other classes
and other organizations can learn much front a study of
the senior ﬁnancial IIIcthoIls.

THE NEED OF A Y. M. C. A.

Few projects brought before the student body in recent
years have had more to cnuuucud them than has that for
the formation of a Young Men's Christian association.
Here is a type of men's activity which the College has
noticeably lacked. McII may belong to Menorah, Newman,
Canterbury and similar units whose purpose is strictly rc-
ligious and largely denominational. They cannot of course
join the Y. W. C. A. The Y. M. C. A., however, has a
purpose and a Work that is as much social as it is religious.
It is not a (lcuontinationnl organi' tion. it is not controlch
by any scct. Its purpose is three-fold, the development of
spirit, mind and body.

There are enough men in College to w' 'zIIIt a Y. M.
C. A. It would be a body in which all lltcll students, rc-
gardlcss of church afﬁliation, Iltllell bclong. It is ucctlcd
here. Students alone should not be depended upon to get
it started. The administration should cooperate. The IIIIIII
of the faculty should cooperate. Othcr religious groups
should cooperate. The opportunity should not be lost.

 

 

 

WHO BOSSES AMERICAN COLLEGES?

OTHER BOOKS WHICH YOU MAY LIKE
BY E. V. K.

The .‘Inn'rfrnn (fol/ugh onrf ll.\‘ Niffl’l'n‘. Ily I. if. Kirk<
palrick. $1.00. 30‘) pp. New York: \\’ lit-public.

it is llr. l\'irkpatrick's thcsis that the human triangle of
interests found in t-vcry collcgc, namely, the pt-oplc who
pay the bills. the faculty and the students. has lat'kt-d
t-quivalcul foI'uI long cuough. llc would make of collcnc
government an “acachIIic chIIocrzlry." 'l'lns tcrIII ‘hc
(IcliIIics as “that typo of school, vcry rare as l‘t‘l, in \thle
first the patrons supportcrs. SL lllll the tcarhcrs and
otin " of lltlllllllltill'illltlll, and family. lilt' pupils or students
are so related to each other that they sharc mutually III
the conduct of all the nttljttt‘ as well as the minor iIItcrcsts
and activitlcs of the school."

Considering the controversial nature of thc Illi'cl'lili
which he the author has Ivrittcn with unusual
restraint. in: I patrtck has opiIuons and dcfuutc out-s
about what he utils prcscut “ncadcunc practices" and
“democratic stirriuus” in. the rollcgc world. lint hc is will-
ing to concede othrr pIIIIIts of view. The book is rccont-
mended without rescrvc.

 

 

 

 

  

   

  

   

 

 

Iflflrrl lln/t/turd of L’orl ulm’um. lly l’cliv Shay. Illus-

trated. $3.50. 353 pp. New York: \\'IlliaIn ll. \\'i.\c
and Co.
Here is a book which can bc jIIdgt-d by its cov and

    

its cover and cvcry othcr dctail of thc lnIok-Inak 'rt
which has [.{tllltf into it 'Il't' the most delightful which 1026
has brought. it is truly book which would llllYl‘ clIarnch
I’I‘a Elbertus hiII clf, lit-lix Shay who wrote it had his
material frqu original sources, for few men kIIt-Iv l'lubhard
better. The book is almost as much a story of thc lx‘oy-
croftch of East Aurora as it is of llIIbeII . "

 

     
   

I Ic cartoons,
colored hordcls. Inottocs, etc, with which the publishers
have been lavish. are products of their art. | l’lll')' l’ord
wrote a foreword.

 

.\"fml‘ml [If the Eco. lly \YillianI .\‘l. Davis. illustrated.
$3.50. 405 pp. lioston: Laurial,

If you would know the epic of thc AIII ' whalcmau
you will read this hook, "Nimrod of the I" is a new
edition of what was once a favorite of soa-storv lovers.

 
  

     

 

Its appear: . III .I rcpIIII ' I thcy
were in the first cdltlon gives a sidchght not only into
the development of Ivhalchshnltz but into that of book

illustration. The story is Ivritlcn by a Ivhalcr captain and
tells actual experiences of the paintich days of the indus-
try, when hundreds of \‘ca’s‘cls IIIIdcr thc American flag
searched the sons for oil. Adventure talcs heap atop
one another throughout. .\ll historical resume of the
growth and dccliuc of the industry is given by John R.

/fl/’f't'llfltl't".t‘ Hurt .S'loritxr—«WZG. liditcd by Arthur S.
Hoffman. 300 pp. New York: Duran,

Mr. Hoffman is much wrought up over what he bclicvcs
is a popular misconception of "action" stories. This col‘
lcction of ciuhtecu short storic is his attempt to prove
that such stories are not llL‘CCn‘..ll‘lIy scusatimtal and cheap,
“fit only for crudc or youthful minds." itca‘rI-tfnllv he
admits that this is ucncrally true. lint \\'c fch inclined to
aurcc that some of the samples hc prtwcnts here go part
of the way toward proving his point that sometimes the
action story “becomes the means to the highcst possible
literary attainment.”

 

 

 

 

COLLEGE BRIEFS

 

 

 

Horseback riding will be a new sport
at titatc College if enough students
sign to enter the class. 'l‘hrcu Inorc
signers :tI'c rcqnit'cd, Lurilc Ntn'good,
(it), chah'IIIInI, has announced.

 

Y. W. C. A. to Take in Members
Opportunity will again be given stu-
dents to join Y. W. C, A. the first
thrcc days of next wcck. A member
will bc at the tablu ucar the Y. W.
C, A. bulletin board in tin: lowcr cor-
ridor from llztltl until 3:00, Georgiana
Moor, '27, IIIcInbcrsIIip chairman, has
announced. I)u ‘

  

Miss Winchell Speaks Twice

Miss lflorcncc Ii. \\"invhcl| of the
home crououIics dcpartutcul addressed
the central \vcstt‘rn district meetings in
Rochester, 'l‘hursday, and thc \\'oIncII's
club lll Albany l '

 

Dc-Im Pierce Attcnds McctlIIg
I\li.‘ .‘\ll|lil I'l, l'lI-t'ct', Ilvnu of Wu
Iucn, i attending a lllt't‘llllg of thc
\\‘oIIIvII'.s Foundation club in Now
York today.
Biology Club Will Have Pin
lliology club will lllt't‘l urxt \t't't'h’
to discuss (It-signs for II club pin.
The pin troIIIIIIiltI'I' will I'I'I'oIIIIIIrIId
a silvcr star fish with a lcltcr "S" In
the center, according to William kl.
French, '2‘), chairIIIan. 'I'hc  WIll
thllUlt: Eitatc Collt-gc.

 

Lane Elected to Finance Board

lx‘ntlI Lama '18, has hcrn Cll't'lt'll a
IIII-Iubt-r of the finance board by the inn-
Ior chm.

 

l’cd Seeks Alumni Subscribers
l'ircular lI'tth's llllYt‘ llt‘t'll :it'lll to

rcct-ul alumni by the l‘cdagoguv t'll“

cnlzItioII stall, sci-king ntlllht'l‘llllitttts.
llnch'gI'adIIatc subscriptions may liv

paid any day from I! to 1 o'clock in

tin: rotunda.

Name Home Management Family
'l‘lII- lunttc IIIIIIIagt-uu-Iu family of the

 

 

lIoIIIc ut'oIIoIIIIcs Iracticc housc front
,\'ochIIhvr l to I\ovcthcr Ll, Is .\lzII‘y
llcck, '17, llclla llyIIIIIII, '27. ludnn

 

Kltlllvtt, '37, and l"hIa \letllll, '17.

 

News Club Elects Ruth Moore

lf'lllll Moore, '28, dI-ft-att-d Mildred
(label, '28, and :\Il|tt‘ ilolroyd, ‘28, in
the clcrtiou of vicc-prt‘sidt-nt of tho
.\'cws club 'l‘ucsday.

 

Miss Futtcrer to Give Reading

Miss Apnea; l’IItth'cr, director of col"
lcgc tll‘illllllllci, now Silltl)‘llt' in New
York on sabbativztl have. will I‘t'nd
"Lady \\'iII'lcrnIt-Ic’s lfnn" III t‘urtland
Normal srliool tonight.

Alumni Visit College

.\lar;tr:n'ct Jo, and Mrs.
Mabel lloiliday l I Ins, 'lti, \‘lsltutl lllt'
hotnt- t'CIIIIHllIlt‘~ dcpartIIIt-III rcrI-ntly.

L'ttlltt't‘lttt' Miller. '1“, lsllcll tin: (:Hl‘
lI-gc on Monday. 5hr tIIIIying at the
NOW York st'hool of social st‘I‘viI'c in
New York.

 

 

 

 

SORORITY NEWS

(flu Sigma

 

 

 

'l‘ltt'ltt \I't‘chIIIIt-s (it’llC‘
\'lL'\'(' \YlIII ('alllcriuc hlt‘fiowalt,
'2‘). and (i are (.lll]l|lt‘l1(llllt‘, '2‘), into
full IllL‘lillIL‘l'olllll,

    

Chi Sigma Theta Entertains
\Yt-I'k-I-ud

 

 

H gnc s at ('hi Sigma
II hcta house Ich Marjorie Sinuotl.
2.1, ,lI-IIII Hard as ' Mary Morrisvy,

  

 

'26. Margaret . ,

and Mary Filzsinmns of lltIca,
Delta Omega I-Ias Shower

I llclta (hncna \t'lllJl's atlcndcd a shower
Saturday ‘ ' \\'right

cv of (ilovrrsvillc.

I given for . 'rIan
Itlaltcslcc. 3ft, by the Misses lilakcslcc.

 

ENOUG

Someone I
The otheI
That in s

c dum
Make goof
And the 1
Make goo

.a‘
“Yeah. lion
"\Yhnl '
:hnl clan
'In‘ morning I
wasn't it.‘ So
l'nI asking on
know vilht‘l'. l

  
 

()IIlj' ('Itllt‘;
llavv you I'\'
‘s cI-idt-nt that
.rhcdnlrd to dt‘
‘llt'I'L‘lil bc a so

Trippity, tI
The fresh
A soph ho
And down
Thumpty,

'l'lII: annual |
t‘llllll'll “llavt
History 3 quiz

lh-ar 'l'n'ius:
lion wlhvtlltl t.

boy It'll y s

II:IIIII' il\ his fat

 

r5

.Yflll/‘II’A’f l/Ifug
I'III'I llttl/‘f.’ if. /I
Illf't' of 0/1] .l/II

t
Passionate rcdl
Attracting-—
All our attentior
As they make
Through a gam

I

New State Coll
Ever clrcss so s
That we are u,
By development

:l

But since fresh
On State custon
We’ll have to in
Of these stockin

ltI‘IIIII-ttt- In a
IIIt-Ild .'I bloudv.
“.\o, but ilt' h

' \\'c sIIugt-st til
:II the main loka-I
Inc arm prriod
plenty of cxcttis
I'l‘lllllllill4t‘ is held

COMPZ

My drowsy bral

My mind is 5116

The veils are dr;

But comes to n.
a.

Cold and gleami
The paper pale
'l'ht- iIIt-pr-rit-In
\\l|ll lllt' dI-liuitio
t-hildlikc trn
“ t' I' Is
four lcus, . .
for our III-ruin."
lixpcricnccd row
_'I
A lt’otIII
“.YI'I' oily/fling }
I/nIl [Mr/I.”
".YI/I't', //I.' [for

  
 

 

Answers to l

