 

2

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, ooroaun 1, 1926

 

 

State College News
lisrAumsnnn av 't‘ltE CLAss or 1918

The Undergraduate Newspaper of New York
State College for ’l‘cachers
THE NEW S BOARD
EnwrN VAN I<I.r.ncI<..........r............Editor-in-Cln'ef
Kappa Delta Rho House, West 4.314
HELEN ZIMMERMAN. . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . .Busiucss Manager
858 Madison Avenue, West 4646-11
VIRGINIA I-Inanns.......................Managing Editor
560 Washington Avenue, West 20964
SARA [Samoan-2................Ifssocialc Managing Editor
59 So. Lake Avenue, West 1695-]
TIIELM A Taurus. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . “Subscription Manager
l’si Gannnn llonsc, West 2752

AssocIA'ru EDITORS
ULIA FAY, ’27
LOUISE I). Conn, ’27
EDITORS
ADELAIDE IIULIJSTER, ’28 LELA VAN SanIcK, '28
MARY Jomrn LANODUN, '28 lloRornv \‘VATTS, ‘28
RI-zI-oRrIanI
Rurn It. \IcNU'rr, '27 RosI-z DRANSRv, ’29
Rch l,’I~:Astz. ’28 WILLIAM M. I‘RENCII, '29
I\IARo.\Rr:r l‘ROVosr, '27 Mount; KAUFMAN, ’2‘)
IIER’I‘IIA ZAJ’AN, ’27 Mar KLEWEN, ’29
I.I:.\II Conan, ’23 II‘I.oRI:NcI; Roan, ’29
'I\’A'rlII.r.I-:N Douon'rv, '28 HR" ‘ I.AI-I;I)I-:s, ’29
Rorn FLANAoAN, ’28 Lo NA MARcus. ’29
MILDRED GMIEL, '28 ELIZAInrrn Downs, ’29
Rurn U. Mourns, '28 t‘ARoIANI: Sclltdilcll, ’29
(ERR'I-Runc llRAsI.ow, ’29 Roman-r J. SIIII.I.IN(;I.Aw, '29
\-'I~:RA ltnI.I.I: \\’I-:I.I.0'r1'. '29
lIUSlNl-itis MANAGERS
lltllm'l‘lIY llANIn.oN, '27
ANNI: lloI.Rovn, '28
I\|tI.nRI-:n LANHlJiY, ’2‘)
KATHERINE Samoa, ‘28
RUTH KELLEY, Assistant Subscription Manager
Int, l-lAIIIIv W. IiIAl-fl’t‘INGH, tt‘AooIzrv Aowsnn
SARA IIARRI.I~:v, Director of News-Writing Class
WILLIAM at. tI‘nuNoI-I. IIESK lilmvron
’l‘nm..\t.\ I.. IlIII-zzns. I‘rcsidcnt, News Club; Donornv \VA’l‘TS, Vice-
'resiileltt; .\III.I;Rr.n LANSLKV, Secrctary-’l‘rcasurer

SI:NIoR
KATHARINE ltI.I:NIs, ’27
Tasman L. IiRuzsn, ‘27

J UNIon AssocIAth

  

Ass‘IsrANr
I-iRwIN L. Il.\Rl".lt, '27
'l‘IIouAs l‘. I-‘.\I.I.oN, ’29
I-‘RANcIs Ii. GRIFFIN, ’28

I'ublishcd every Friday in the college year by the Editorial Iloard
resenting the Student .‘\s.s‘nciatlon. Subscription, $3.00 per
_\'l r, single copies. ten cents. Delivered anywhere in the United
States. lintercd as second class matter at nostofiicc. Albany, N. Y.

 

 

The News does not necessarily endorse sentiments ex )l‘CSSUII in
contributions. No communications will be printed unless tlc \vritcrs'
names are left with the liditor-in-(‘hicf of the News, Anonymity
will be |Irt's‘I't'\‘t'<I if so desired.

l'RlN'l‘liII nv .\lII.I.s .\R'I‘ i'Rnss, 394-390 Ilroadway

Friday, October I, 1926 Vol. XI, No. 2

A WISER uGET WISE” PARTY

It is a welcome announcement that comes in the news of
tonight's get wise party for the freshmen. The old rough-
honse hazing tactics, reminiscent of high school pranks or
the childish tomfoolery of the rural and agricultural col-
leges. have gone by the board. III their place the class of
1929 will present a program that will probably do much
Inore for the freshmen and for the titllcg‘c than any of
the eatings of “arts” eyes." and the wallopings with sticks
of other years. The change is made more welcome by the
guarantee of its pcrmaIn-ncc that is suggested by the plac-
ing by Myskania of the new plan among the intcrclass
rivalry contests.

With all necessary consideration for the wishes of those
who would banish common sense for a night every yczfr
and convert the get wise party in a glorified bar-room fight,
there can be little to find fault with in the new arrange-
ments. Freshman and sophomore men will meet together,
not exactly as bosom friends. but withqu text books III the
trouser seats of the yearling group and hickory baddlcs in
the hands of the sophomores. Ift‘eslltllcn girls will carry
away from the meeting :m acquaintance with the honored
traditions of the College, not the memory of a fall down
stairs to a place where all the unpleasant features of the
Mid-City “nut college" are reproduced.

It is better to teach a freshman his alma mater than to
teach him which sophomore can swing a paddle hardest.
It is better that sophomores meet freshmen as rivals, but
not as enemies. than to have the entering class imbued with
a spirit to “get even" sometime with the sophomores.

I’reshmcn will have all the chance they need to come back
at the sophomores in the events of the year’s rivalry con-
test. They need not wait until next year to “take it out
on" the class which follows them.

Myskania has done wisely in putting an end to the old
“rah, rah" type of performance. It is another step in the
College's maturing process.

PROFESSOR ROCKS TRUE TEACHER

News of the death of Howard C. Rocks, professor of
education in the summer session faculty, comes as a shock
to his legion of friends in the College faculty and student
body. how teachers, even in many years, are able to make
themselves so well loved by those who study under them
as Professor Rocks could in a short six weeks. He was
still a young man, and he was about to enter upon a more
responsible position this fall, one earned by his successful
Work, as professor of education at Culver-Stockton col-
lege. Canton, Mo.

He studied for the ministry, and those who knew him
cannot doubt that had he followed that profession his suc-
cess there would have been equal to that which he attained
as a teacher. lioth as teacher and as man he has left a last-
ing impression upon those who knew him here and clse~
where, lie was first of all a good teacher, painstaking,
kindly, helpful. lint more than that he was, outside the
lecture room, a companion and friend to his students. He
possessed rare pmvers in making friendships. I‘lis widow
has tile deep sympathy of the (foliage faculty and of the

undergraduate body.

 

 

F. SCOTT FITZGERALD’S LATEST BOOK.
PLEASES; KYNE EYES THE MOVIES

All The Sad Young Mm. By F. Scott Fitzgerald. $2.00.
267 pp. New York: Charles Scribncr’s Sous.

F. Scott Fitzgerald has been one of the literary meteors
of the last six or seven years, and “All the Bad Young
Men" shows his staris still in the ascendancy. The book
pleases in itself, and compared with his previous collections
of short stories, “Flappcrs and Philosophers" and “Tales of
the Jazz Age," one ﬁnds a balance and a soreness that were

less evident before. Fitzgerald’s best work, we believe, has ,

been done with the short story, although this judgment will
find certain criticism by those who are still impressed by his
“This Side of Paradise,” “"he Beautiful and ]')amned,” and,
of course, “Gatsby.”

There are nine stories in this volume, and there is not a
poor one among them. The opening tale, “The Rich Boy,”
is probably the best of the longer ones, but “Absolution” is
the book's high mark. “Hot and Cold lilood" will be re—
Inembcrcd and “Rugs Martin-Jones and the Pr-ncc of
W-Ies” will give yotl a good time. Others are “Winter
Dreams," "The Iiaby 3arty,” “The Adjuster,” ” ‘The Sensi-
ble Thing,’ " and “(iretchcu’s Forty Winks.”

Richard II'om' Loo/Ix at Life. By Erwin Edman. $2.50.
317 pp. New York: l-Ioug'hton Millin Co.

The Richard Kane of this book, Professor Iidntan tells
Its, is a type of “that sensitive American youth which is
trying to find for itself an order out of temporary chaos,
and an inner peace for its own troubled spirit." Richard
Kancs, he says, he has met all over, “dozens of them on the
'anlpus where I teach (Columbia university), many 0i
them only recently away from a campus, on their way to or
from Europe. . . .”

Mr. Iidman has succeeded far beyond the average in giv—
ing to his Richard Kane a reality of being. Having made
this unagmary uIdIvnIIIal flesh and blood to us. he has fol-
lowed lmn through college, to Europe, as he settles down,
as he cousnlers Ino‘als. RIchard [\anc r :ads the news, he

. . ,
“takes stock of marriage." he “ponders cducatIon,’ “looks
.. . . . . .
at art. “turns to pohtIcs," and Molly “hunts for Cmd.’

One who can write of young manhood and womanhood
as Mr. ladman docs, Inust be a rare person Indced. lhcrc
Is no Slipt‘l‘lle’llli" about this book; It goes to the h'art of

things. Yet it is more than merely readable; it hold onc's
Interest lIkc a novel, better than many a novel we could
name.

The f/m/t'rxlmulfng f‘lt'tll‘f. Iiy Peter Ii. ls'ync. Illus-
tratcd. $2.00. 374 pp. New York: cosmopolitan.

Monica llalc, the lone girl on liog'us lookout. possesses
the understanding lI-art when the story starts, and Tony
(iarfield has taken it from her when it ends.. III bctwccn
comes a typi'ally Peter'li. Kync story with romance and
adventure in the wide spaces of the west, and a thrilling
forest fire. There are good Inen and bad men, all of whose
accinnts are finally settled according to their deserts. If
you like its sort of story. you will find "The Understanding
Heart" better than many of its kind. Of course, if you
don't like the Kync school of fiction, this is no book for
you. “The Understanding l-Icart" has probably been writ‘
ten with at least one eye on the movies. for it lacks none
of the elements of the typical motion picture. If you are
logically minded, you may have trouble in st'allmving some
of the coincidences and accidental happenings which rush
together toward the close of the book to make it “come out
rigid." lint if these things do not bother you, you will find
this a rattling good talc.

 

.‘f lion/r of Modern [’layr. Edited by George R. ('ofiman.
400 pp. New York: Scott. Foresman 8; C0.

I’rofcssor L'offmau calls his plays “modern.” and so they
are in the sense that all are of the past and pcrscnt ccu-
turics. Starting with Thomas William Robertson's “Caste,”
the book includes “IVIilcstoncs” by Arnold Iiennctt and Ed-
ward Knoblock, and “The Romancers" by Iidmond Rostand.
Henrik lbscn's Work is represented by “AII lincmy of the
People," and although some may differ in this choice of an
Ibsen play, Mr. ('offmau's selection is justified III the light
of his effort to represent not onl I authors and periods, but
types of drama. John Millington Syngc’s “Riders to the
Sea” is included, and the Irish school is represented also by
“The Workhousc Ward,” by Lady Gregory. No one, we
venture to say. will take issue with the author's choice of
Eugene O'Neill as the representative American playwright,
althotu'h we wish one of his full-length plays had been
rhvsc't instead of ”\\"hcre the Cross is Made.”

“A Iiook of Modern I’Iays” has an introduction and two
rtencral bibliographies. Each play is accompanied by an
introduction and a special bibliography. For classroom Ilse,
or for private study, the collection is thoroughly worth

while.
E. U. K.

 

PUBLICITY IN A REPUBLIC
(From EdItor and Publisher)

Of all American pubhcxsts possibly the late Charles Wil-
ham [shot of'Harvard saw most clearly the beneﬁcial effects
of publicny III a democracy. HIs recent death recalls this
fact. consequently It may be appropriate to quote at this
time the words of lh‘. I!.llt)t on how publicity safeguards
the American Repubhc:

Another new and effective bulwark of state Is to be found
In the extreme publicity with which all American activities
are carried on. Many people are in the hnbtt or complaining
bitterly of the Intrusion ot‘ the newspaper reporter into every
nook and corner ot’ the state and even Into the privacy of
the home; but In thts extreme publicity ts really to be
found a new means of social. Industrial. and governmental
reform and progress. There are many exnggorutlons, per-
versions, and tnaccurtu'les In this puhlleltv; but on the
whole It Is a bonotlcent nnd rt new agency for the promotion
of“ the public welfare. . . So new is this force in the
world that many people do not yet trust It, or perceive its
Immense utility. In case of rent Industrial grievances and
oppI-esslons, publlclty would be by far the quickest and
surest means of euro—vastly more. effective for all Just
tlltlH than secret combinations of either capitalists or
laborers. 't‘ho newspapers which are the ordinary lnstru-
Inentn of this publicity, are. as yet very lmpert‘eot Instru-
ments, much of' their work being done no lmsttly and so
I-honply Its to preclude octan'noy; but HH :1 moons of pub-
ltetty they vtslbly improve from decade to (temple and taken
together with the magazines and the controversial pamphlet.
they shed more light on the social. tndustrlnl, and poiltlcnt
life of the people of the United States than was over shed
before on the doings and ways or any people. This force
ts dlstlnotly now within the century. and It affords a new
and strong guarantee for the American Republic.

 

Freedom To Waste Time Explains Many
Freshman Failures, Miss Zajan Says

(Following is another of the
series of wee/Hy articles by the
president of Ila: student arsocm-
Iian, in wine/I. she answers quer-
Iionr about and (farcusxor .Ifndcnt
problems.)

liv IiI-zII'I‘IIA ZAJAN.

Question: They say Inorc

lcavc college than any other.
true and why?

freshmen
Is that

A Frosh.

Yes, alas, it is true. \Nc do not like
to lose youth in this battle because we
never stop hoping that the flint will show
the spark sotnc day. Last year, of all
those that were tinnked out, approxi-
mately ()6 per cent were freshmen, 23 per
cent were sophomores, and 11 per cent
were juniors.

Trom the confidential
many upperclassmen, the reason for this
early dismissal becomes quite apparent.
It sums itself in a hideous word—pro-
crastination.

The advertisement, “Eventually—why
not now?" is a line hit of psychology.
It is true that the things that can be
done today. easily and efficiently, are put
off until the clock is about to strike "too
late" and then they are rushed through
any old way.

This weakness is the cause of most of
the worries that torment our minds—-
yes. ours too, but especially those of the

confession of

 

freshmen be‘ausc they have not yet felt
State College i’rocrastinatioII's sting.
We'll tell you it hurts. Perhaps you will
thank us for the warning.

Freshmen who have been accustomed
to high school tactics expect to be held
for definite work at a definite tiInc—~
that is, they expect to be driven and
steered. Our professors are city folk
who have failed to learn this art. They
give you Work to be done at your leisure
and don't seem to care if it isn't done.

It is a new experience for freshmen
to have two or Inore days to prepare an
assignment and it is so easy to say. “I'll
have Inore time tomorrow." 'l‘omorrow
seldom appears as the day follmvlug', [t
is the violet just beyond which leads you
to the heart of the forest whcr‘ :1 pchr
liar flower, “billet doux" grows. It is
a sign almost fatal, you will have diffi-
culty in ﬁnding your way out.

Our warning, then, is do your today's
work today; then you can play this after-
noon or enjoy the play this evening. Rc-
member, our professors are not as good
natured as their non-insistence on Work
makes them appear. Always hold them
III suspIcIon.

For suitable methods of study. you are
referred to any senior practice teacher.
They tell their Milne High pupils how
to study and will gladly extend the in-
IoruIatIon to you.

Rural Schools Inferior To Those Of City,

Dr. Graves Says,

Asking Equality

lioys and girls of New York statc’l‘his condition will be relieved somewhat

who live in the country should be given
as good school facilities as any other
boys and girls. I)r. lirank l’. (il'nvcs,
chairman of the State t’ollegc trustees
and state education connnissioner, dc-
elares in an article written to make clear
his views on the subject of rural schools,
which has been agitated in the state for
several years.

Writing in the current number of the
state tcachcrs' association magazine, n
which formcr dean l)r. Harlan If. Hor—
ner is editor. I)r. Graves snnmtarizes his
beliefs on “these important rural cdu ‘11‘
tion problems" as follows:

“I believe that rural boys and girls
should have as good school facilities as
any boys and girls, and I know that Im-
dcr our present (,Irganization some do not
have them.

"I believe that these facilities should
be provided by a local tax that is within
reason. Many farmers are now paying
an excessive tax for school purposes.

 

by new apptn'tioImn-nts that were l‘t't‘t‘lll
ly enacted upon the recommendatitm ml
the state department of education.

“I believe that to obtain as good fit
cilitics as rural boys and girls ill't‘ l'II
titled to have and to secure them at l‘I'J
sonable expense to taxpayers. it will In
necessary to have a unit of taxation and
administration larger than the present
district unit.

“I believe that in most instances rural
people want a larger and better organ
ized unit of taxation and administration
when they consider the facts; I think
that rural people and department !'t'|Il‘t‘
scntativcs can work together in mutual
confidelwc to get what we both III-sire
under the central district plan.

"I am in favor of just and Ctlllttlf/wl
taxation. but I am opposed to compnl
Sory cI'IIIsolidatioII of schools and forced
transportatioII of pupils. Justice in tax-
ation does not require forced transpor
tation of small pupils.

Says Old—TimeModesty Was OnlyStiffncss;
Youth Independent, Avers Alumna Of 80

College graduates today are funda-
mentally thc same as sixty-six years
ago, according to Mrs. Pamclis I-Iobbs
Nivers of the Knickerbocker apart—
mcnts, who was graduated from Albany
Normal school, as State ('ollcgo then
was known. in the class of 1860. As
far as she ran ascertain she is the only
survivor of the class.

“Some people may try to claim that
the young persons of a half century ago
were much Inore modest than they are
today,” said Mrs. Nivers, “but in my
opinion, this modesty was nothing more
than stiffness. Nowadays. youth is far
Inorc irrepressible and iInlcpcndcnt, and
I think the world is better off."

Mrs. Nivers entered the normal
school when she was sixteen and be-
cause she had taught a year at Kinder-
hook, near Albany. she went into ad-
vanced classes and was graduated in

 

two years. The school, I hich then was
in Lodge street, was coI .llt‘It'(I by I’I'o-
fessor (I I.. t'ochraue.

Mrs. Nivers dislikes class reunions,
but was present at the last meeting of
the Half t‘entury club. a College organ-
izution of all graduates who received
de'rces fifty or Inore years ago. and
which took place in connection with the
1926 graduation exercises.

“livery time I go to a reunion," she
said, “I am pointed out to all as ‘onc of
the oldest living graduates' mul it makes
the feel if I were some sort of a mu—
scum piece. Since graduation my hfc
has been active, although it has not been
dazzling or spectacular enough to war-
rant my beingr placed on exhibition."

To look at Mrs. Nivers one would
never think she is in her eighty-third
year. She has lived alone since her hns~
band died several y ‘ars ago.

 

COMMUNICATION

liditor, the NEWS:

Inasmuch as the infirmary fund has
been somewhat depicted by the injuries
If the past, the sophomores (at the cm-
Ihatic suggestion of the powers that be)
have determined to abandon the ordinary
implements of hazing, especially the
paddles and clippers, and to adopt Incas-
‘Ircs which are Inorc modern and scicn~
tifIc.

t'ompletc rules for freshmen were in-
‘ludcd in the "bibles" which were dis-
tributed to them twu weeks before the
opening of school.

The annual “get-wise" party which.
until last year, has been characterized by
its rigorous methods in subduing the

 

rival class, will this year assume an
atmosphere of good sportsmanship and
fun. The Class of '2‘) will duly impress
those of ’30 with their humble position.
but it will also sprinkle in so much fun
with the activities of the evening that
the frosh will undoubtedly how low in
sanIIission, humble. but happy.

Hazing harks back to those ancient
days when tribes performed weird and
gruesome ceremonies in initiating new
members into their groups and it is a
far cry from our twentieth century to
those days. This step which State ('01-
lette. along with many other colleges, has
taken in this matter leads nearer to thc
perfect educational system, which our
advancing civilization warrants.

