 

giw

t‘vl

Ht

COLLEGE 'NEWS
AT A GLANCE

'lsabclle I’ltnlc, president of French
clubfhas announced that the 'clnh will
hold a loud sale Wednesday. March ill.
'I he lirench play and banquet will he
V\"ednesday. March 2-i. and thé lv'renrh
liete will he held the latter part of April

The Home Economic» clnh held an
initiation part. Friday night. lilevr-n
itevlnnen were initiated. l’nurh and
wafers were served. and Zelma (Zia-titan
was general chairman. A business rneelr
int: prereded the. initiation.

lva llinman, ’25. and ()live Tue”. ‘36.
were intents at the Delta ()nteira llntlst'
the week-end oi Wmhineton‘s llirthday.

llnrothea Deitz. '25, and Florence
(lratltloek, '25, returned for the Russell
Sage game.

Menthch oi the college faculty are
grieved to learn of the death of .\li~-
'lt'ulc Fernnwt, l’ehrnary l0, .\li\~'
Ferguson has since her graduation in
101.3 been a worker in the ﬁeld of home
rennomics. She was a lllcltlllt't‘ ot' the
Washington High School faculty, Kidne-
tield Park. N. J. .

 

Sytldnm Hall is ttuw located at 335
and 227 Ontario street. New tnenthrh
include: listher Swayze, '37, Elizabeth
lilmer, '28, and Katherine Srlnnnan.

Nellie Maxim, '24, was a recent ullt'al
of Margaret Benjamin. '20.

Dorothy llell Flanagan of Katha-t filly
was the guest of her mnsin, Pet: lilana<
Kan at the ('hi Sigma Theta house.

Chi Sigma Theta care a tea for their
alumnae Sunday. lichrnary 7.

Mra. l’anl Meskill gave a tea for the
active members of (‘hi Stigma 'l'heta at
lter home, 10 Dudley Heights, Sunday.

0. A. A. has purchased eiLzht pair» of
snowshoes, which may he rented for an
afternoon or evening for twenty—ﬁve
cents hy appliratinn to Leah (when, '39..
head of the Outing clnh.

Mr. and Mrs. l". (2. Persons of 135'
Western l'arkway. have announcer] the
engagement of their rlan :hter, llupe
hora, to Edmund (Iole Osborne, mu of
Mr. and Mrs. lvl. l). Osborne of Albany

Miss l‘ersnns was graduated from the
State (‘olletxc in '22, She la a ml'llllll‘l‘
of Kappa Delta sorority. She ix head of
the English department and Vice-principal
of Highland High School.

Mr. Osborne was graduated in '22 and
is a member of Sigma Nu Kanpa t'ra—
ternityt He received his master's tlt‘L’l’t't'
in arts in education at ('nlumhia nniA
varsity in 1024 and is now nrinrinal of
the Williams High School. Stockbrirlne.
Mass. No date has been set for the
wedding.

Gwendolyn Jones. '25. Marcel Barclay.
Clarihellc and Esther Shutts spent the
week-cud at the Psi Gamma house.

Lillian Dncll, '27, spent the week-end
at Hamilton college where she attended
the Rensselacr Polytechnic Institute-
l’lamilton hockey game and a tea dance.

Dr. Caroline Croastlalc adtlreqse'l
the Business Clirls' Association oi the
Young \anen's Christian .-\s-‘m‘iation ‘
recently on "Mental Hygiene."

 

Aileen Mt (iage. '25. who is now
teaching Mathematics, French. Biology
and Physics at Essex. spent \\’ashinL’-
ton‘s Birthday with Sara Barkley. '27

The Home Economics department has
hail as guests, Henrietta l‘lusch, '35,
Emily Hamilton, '20, lildyth Proper '22.
Helen Shepardson, '23, and Veronica
Ntnnlc. '25.

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, MARCH 5 , 1926

ll

ill~

I l”. it
initially}:

\
l

l.  i “‘6‘ l

tilde—3‘— t
.4 a ,V.

     

Ono olthej pawn-r ampliﬁer ningna n! (no
world‘s first supar—pawcr tritium/(tor

The World’s
Loudest Voice

On the rolling plains of South Schenectady, in
several scattered buildings, is a Vast laboratory for
studying radio broadcasting problems. Gathered
here are many kinds and sizes of transmitters, from
the short-wave and low~power sets to the giant
super-power unit with} a 50- to 250-kilowatt voice.

Antenna nl‘aupr-powar (ran smith-r

Super-power and simultaneous broadcasting on
several wavelengths from the same station are
among the startling later-day developments in
radio. And even with hundreds of broadcasting
stations daily on the air throughout the land, these
latest developments stand for still better service
to millions of listeners.

From the studio of WGY in
Schenectady, six miles from the
developmental station, there
may be controlled at great
number of transmitters, one cf
which is the ﬁrst super-power
transmitter in the world.
WGY, together with its assoc?-
atcs, XOA of Denver and KGO
oankland, is the General Elec-
tric Company's assurance to
the American public that radio
broadcasting shall be main-
tained upo‘,n the highest
standards.

Only ﬁve years old, yet radio broadcasting has
developed from a laboratoryyexperiment into a
mighty industry. And alert, keen young men have
reaped the rewards.

But history repeats itself. Other electrical develop-
ments will continue to appear. And it will be the
college man, with broad vision and trained mind,
whowill be ready to serve and succeed.

 

A new series of GE advertise-
ments showing what electricity
is doing in many ﬁelds will be
sent on request. Ask for book-

letGEK-I.
G    RIM.“
GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY, SCHENECTADY, NEW YORK

 

Your Printer l 
The Gateway Press DRESS GOODS STORE

215 Central Ave. Phone W-3791-M

State College
Cafeteria

QUALITY PRINTERS V 5,”, _ Woo/en _ C030,,
At your elbow—ch 2037 i Hevnslitc/rrng and Trimming - . _ .
no Comm MC. % OPEN EVENINGS Luncheon or dinner I l.l5 L30

 

 

