 

 

 

' 2

STATE OOLLEGE NEWS, OUI‘OBER 29, 1.026

 

 

State College News

Esrancisnsn sv rns CLASS or I918

The Undergraduate Newspaper of New Yuri ‘
State College for Teacher-

'rnn NEWS BOARD
tinwm Van Kt.r-:scl<......................Edftor-in-Chlef
Kappa Delta [tho House, West 4M}

HELEN ZIMMERMAN. . . . . . . ........  hum“: Manager
sﬁti Madison Avenue, West tote-n I '
.nunNIa I-lluuth....................... anagmg Editor
550 Washington Avenue, West 20964. ‘ .
Sana l3.\utu.sv................/Is.rocmtc Managing Editor
9 So. Lake Avenue, Wcsl 1695:] '
'l‘nsima TEMPLE. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . .bubam/vtwn Manager
l’sl Gamma llonse, West 2752
Semen Assocure Err-runs
turn/unto: timers, ‘27 JULIA FAY, '27
’l‘necma L. Baitst, '27
. union
Anna/om: t-louasrnn, '28
Man ,lumrn bananas. ’28

Lotus: i). GUN", '27
[\ssocunc EIIITOIS
Lem VAN Scimcx. '28
Donornv Wares, '23
Rel-onus
Ross Dnnsxv, ’19
MOLLH: KaumAn. '29
Mar meu, '29
FLOIZNCE Kent. '29
llcssiz Larsuts, '29
Loni-:NA Ancua, '29
limzaneru l’ul.vn, '29
(fumaue Scuraucu. '29

Runs" 1. 5IuLLmaLAW, '29

[turn II. McNU'n'. '27
’trNr l'nase. '27
MARGAII'I‘ I’novus-r, '27
“earns ZAfAN, '2
KATHLEEN )ouanrv, '28
lturn FLANAGAN,’ '28

o
(learnt/us llnasmw, '29

Van “ELLE Weumr, '29
AHSISTANT llusrnnss Maurine-s
’ liono’rnv HANDLON, '27
rnnas l'. barman, '29 Mt”. llouuvn, '28
Gnirrtn, '28 hIIIJIItl'JD Lausesv, '29
KATHERINE Samoa, ’le
lturn KELLEY, Assistant Subscription Manager
Ilu. llaunv W.‘ llasrinns, I'ucttw Adviser ‘
Sana llAkKldtt’, Director o cws l’lllllﬂ Chm
Wm.” M. l-nuacn, Desk lulltor
"l‘nm..\ta L. Ilusznu, l‘resilcnt News Club; lJono-rnv WATTS, Vie:-
. I'rcsitlt‘ltl,‘ MILDRED laasm, Sceretnryffreasurer

l-anm L. Hanan,

banners Ii.

l‘nblishcd every Friday in the college year by the Editorial Board
rcprrscnting the Student Association. Subscription, per
year, singlc't‘oplus, ten cents. Delivered anywhere in the United
Stairs. Entered as second class matter at postuﬂice. Albany, N. Y.

'8

The News does not necessarily endorse sentiments ex ralsetl in
cnntrihutimrs. No communications will be printed unless the writers’
names are lcft with the IZdltor-in-Chiet' of the News. Anonymity
nill be preserved if so desircr.

l'RIN't'FJ) av Mums AM I’uss, 394-396 Broadway

Friday October 19, 1926 Vol. XI. No. 7
THE COLLEGES BUILDING PROGRAM

The College will rcjoicc in the assurance that a deft-
tlitc date has been set for the commencement of con—
struction of the $850,000 addition. The state architect
has promist‘d that he will adhere strictly to his agree-
ment that the completion of plans and the writing of
speciﬁcations will begin December I, so that work can
commence early in the spring.

The appropriation for the William J.
hall is made. and the addition is assured. But the delay
that characterized the gaining of the appropriation
should not he repeated in the actual building process.
The (‘ollr-gc must have the buildings as quickly as
possible. Nothing must arise between now and next
spring to postpone the work. And when the buildings
arc begun, construction should go on without inter-
mission until complcted.

The College should now St‘t'k state m ney for student
dormitories. It should sttpport strongly any attempt
of the state teachers' association to secure financial
legislation for construction of housin,r quarters for
students in the state‘s teacher training institutions.
New York state has been generous with money for
education, but it can afford to be more generous. New
York maintains no state university, such as are sup-
ported by many less rich and populous states. It should
not and it need not  rilnp with the State College for
'l‘cachcrs, the normal schools, the State College of
.‘\gr‘cnlturc. the Forestry College aan similar units.

If a state university is ever founded, and any clear
vision of New York State’s educational progress should
include such a step, Albany. the. statc's educational cen-
tcr, will be the Ing'cal location. The State College will
be the logical nucleus about which other colleges will
be built. The appropriation of mnncy for three new
buildings is a step, but a very short one, in this direc-
tion, And if the same time is consumed in taking
future steps, such as housing provision, it will be many
‘ycars before teacher training institutions enjoy adequate
dormitory facilities.

Milne Science

NOW WIELD THE "BIG STICK”

The student ﬁnance board will have its ﬁrst opportunity
Thursday evening to see that the collection of student tax
tickets is enforced at the door at entertainments. Music
association, ncvcr distinguished for over-zealousncss in
demanding evidence of tax payment at its concerts, will
open its fall season with a double pianofortc recital. The
ﬁnance board can then prove that its new “big stick”
policy is to be an actual fact. There should be no shirking
(l the responsibility cithcr bv the nmr0r< nr rim am“...

 

however, to blame an entire class for what may have
been the work of only a few irresponsible and unrepre-
sentrrtive,members. Certainly the ballot boxes were
stuffed; certainly freshmen stuffed thc'm, tlicrcby making
the election illegal; certainly freshmen should ferret out
the guilty 01ch and condemn them to the general cou—
tempt which their action deserves.

'l‘ltc freshman class as a whole will be rightly indig—
nant at the shadow cast upon its record by the illegal
election. It will not deal lightly with the offenders.
They should not be dealt with lightly. Cheating in
examinations is a rare thing at State College. Cheating
in any other form has been equally as rare. The pres-
ent unfortunate occurrence demands neither wholesale
censure of :1 cl nor wailings of widespread, corrup-
lion in student elections, but a thorough investigation
and severe pnnislnncnt for the guilty.

 

 

 

O'NEILL WRITES HIS MASTERPIECE;
MORE OF DUNSANY AND GALSWORTHY
BY E. V. K.

The Great (for! llrmen, I/w It‘uunndn, the Mann {If the
Cnrrib/Iccr (“III .S'ia' other l’luy.r of the Sea. lly 'lzugenc
O'Neill. $2.50. 38.3 pp. New York; lion: and Liveright.

Plays, .S‘ia‘tli .S'criiw. lly John (laiswm‘tlly. $2.50. New
York: Charla: Scribncr's Sons.

Aloramlcr and “I'll/w Sum/l [’luyr. 2y Lord Dnnsany.
199 w. New York: (.2. I'. I’utnam's .‘ons.

with: n'llh n I’I'nlngni'. lly Mary harrimcr. $2.00. 114
pp. Boston: The (iorhani I’rcss. ‘

Eugene O'Neill has penetrated more deeply and more
powerfully into the hidden reserves of {human emotion
in "The Lircat (iod lirmvn” than be it '
play-and that in our opi'tizcn is the gr approval that
can be bestowctl up at the play. "The (ircat (dill Brown,
either on the stage. we imagine, or in the pages of a book.
we know. strikes anew the chords of human fully in a
way that few writers other than O'Neill can equal. H [be
play is more terrible than “Desire Under the Iles, be»
cause it is subtler. O‘Neill dealt with the crasser, the
more savage of human passions in “Desire.” He may have
produced a better acting play, front thqstandpotnt of a
modern audience, but "llcsirc" lackctl those contrast tones
of beauty which make "'l'he (it'cttt (iotl llrown" O'chls
masterpiece, ‘

Messrs. loni nl Liverigltt have been generous in this
ﬁlth volume of O'Neill“; collected works, They include
also “The l’onutnin," "The Moon of flu: Cnrribecs" and
“six other plays of the sea." Among these last are
numbered "ltound East for t‘ardiff," “In the Zone," "lie"
and "Where the Cross is Made," plays which uccd nu intro-
duction to lovers of O'Neill, .

Lord ltnnsany's plays, four of which‘arc included In

his latestuvnhnnc, are ma‘l'ctl, as have, been his previous
works, by the strange tlights of fnnryhinltp \vlticlt.lhc drn‘
matist‘s thoughts wander. Iltmsmly's Is fantasy unlike
that of O'Neill 'l'bc  donic sonse of humor is
there. though i.I a lesser degree. “Alexander” is the
longer play included in this group. The short plays arc
"The Old King‘s Tale," “The livil Kettle," and “The
Amusements of Klan Kharada.” “'l‘hc livil Kcttlcr” is
the only one with an linglish locale. 'l‘hc liast with its
poSsibilitics and suggestions of weird and splendid mag—
nif cute and ruin is the lutckgrntnnl for the others.
'lhcrc is no play in fiulsworthy's Sixth Series which
will measure up against "Strife," of "Just " or probably
even "Loyaltics." lint the plays ncvcrthel ss are decidedly
something not to he missed. "Old English" is perhaps the
most familiar to tialswurthy's huge American audience,
not because the play has morc value than “The Forest" or
“The Show," but because the title part was 5c"cd upon
and made his permanent puss ssion by George Arhss.
English" is a character sketch and an, exceedingly accurate
and minute one.

There is a number of short plays, bricf episodes most
of them, and sonic prose and poetry in Miss Larrimer's
collection, and their only connection is the "Prologue."

"Sacrifice," the first play, is a return to the “miracle
play," but this is a modern miracle play. set not in
Palestine but in Maine. “Ofﬁcial llondagc" is a remnant
from the World var, and a reminder of the days of 1914
and thereafter. for it takes v.5 bac to llclgium. \Ne
question if all the plays are actable. Ccrtainly all are
readable, and the two mentioned above and “Lies” are
markedly so.

 

 

 

 

a

G
q
n
E.
E
3

I

   
 

2’.

  

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

TEN YEARS AGO IN STATE COLLEGE
From the ﬁles of the News for Nov. 1, 1916

 

 

“On account of the late opening of the College this fall
the Thanksgiving vacation will extend only over Thanks«
giving Day. All other vacations will be given as sched-
ulcd."

"The animal senior reception will bc held on Friday even-
ing, October 27, at 7:30. Zita's orchestra will furnish the
music. and an excellent program has been arranged. Danc-
inn,r will be enjoyed."

“All who can sing or think they can should see Prof.
Bclding at once and arrange to get into his chorus singing
class. This class, as in former years, will give an Operetta.
Rehearsalsnvxill be held every Tuesday and Thursday morn-

Says Tax Delinquents
Steal From Honest
Students ,,

llv llntvrna ZAJAN
l'realdent Student. Arnuclatlcn

Determination and emotion were in‘
stillctl in thc members of student coliti-
cil and linauce board at the joint meet-
.ng ’l'ucsdny. We were made to erI
itslmmed to associate with fellowvslttticnts
who actually "stole" privileges belong—
mg to members of strident association.
Unc becotllc.‘ member of the association
whcn his tax is paid. lie is not cu-
titlcd to become a member of any of
our student organizations, such as (.iirls'
Athletic association, Music association,
Y. W. C. A., ctc.; he is not entitled to
a copy of the News each week, our the
Quarterly. We should treat this very
small minority as they should be treated
«remove temptations from their path
iy dcpriviut‘r them of these pil‘vilcg‘cs.
Students, I hope, will regard thosc who
.lclibct'ntcly refuse to pay the strident
at with scorn.

We can be proud, however, of the
past response of the student body ltn'nl'd
be collection of the tax. Ninety pcr Ct‘lll
if the budget total was Cttllut‘lL‘tl last
year. Very few organizations includ-
.ng churches can boast of such group
.noralc. We should congratulate our—
;clvcs on that basis, but we must not
:ontcnt ourselves with "good c ongh."

Student rotmcil willineg gives the
inancc board its cooperation. It will
‘ndcavor to arouse the student south
Hunt to the level where it will con-
:itlt‘t‘ payment of the tax a privilege, a
‘spccial inducement.” as the business
nan would put it.

l’irturc u Nuws managed on the
noncy it gets from advertisers and subs
cribcrs; imagine a Music association
~onccrt managed on the mom-y it col~
“it at tile door; what r'oltltl the (iirls’
\thlv-tir association do." The ntcn'satlu
t'litfs unnhl not be worth mentioning
‘In union there i; strength." Why, in-
iCt'(l, college life would be nothing but
moks. lccttl' and notes, a vondition

- ‘t. mation.

(‘lnsscs shunld pick up the scent and

 

 

 

   

,1
‘5

 

'crnuntl their delinquent members to
'rrount l'l them for the dishonor
trough! upon them. (lass pt‘t‘sitlcltlh‘

vlll consider collection of student tax
is a function of the class,

 

COLLEGE BRIEFS

 

 

 

 

 

Names for the new humor section
if the Quarterly may be submitted yet
today. according to Julia liay, '37, editor-
in-chicf,

The first issue of the Quarterly will
'tppcilr about November IS,

Name Model House Family

The linme management house family
from October 18th to 30th is Myrtle
Chambers, ‘27, Margaret Martin, '27,
and Sally Vroman, ‘27.

 

 

Wiley Addresses College

New York State’s secondary education
system was described by llr. (icorge M.
Wiley, state commissioner. at the senior-
‘iopbomore assembly Friday.

 

Kirtland Gets Acquainted

To become better acquainted with his
pupils, Professor R. II. Kirtland of tile
education department, has distributed
cards on which each wrote his surname.
given names, and nicknames, as well as
a list of extracurricular reading since
January 1.

 

Plan “Kaﬁee Klatsch”

"Kaffcc I\'lalsch," a party at which
1H1ch and cake are served. will open the
'ocull season tor the German club.
lhurstlay at 4 o'clock, in the cafeteria.

 

To Visit City Water Works

. The chemistry department will make
:ts annual visit to the water supply plant
lo .\orth Albany, Saturday. November
,I ,

Loosen

0

Can’t I

Yuh m

e

I! yuh

C'mon

M

For sur

it

I'll ask

\‘VC \Volult

l. The t'
noon.

2. /\ seni
plan.

3. livery”

4. ' ' to p

scmcstvrs

5. 'l'lturt-

ings.

ti. 'l'lu- fr:

lory 2 ([1117.

A Mid-u

Yon stoic

 

.S‘ny. In
Win ('1
I)llft'.\'

.711 m:
'/ llnl'r

'l/n't‘ I.
(flu/1w
For do
No, it .

FROSH

Dear Fol

lease
bacco. I
this here

\'\"luu
'l'lu-y \vL't‘c
nettr and a
word in cardi.’
lip horsr'tl
rvnvertul in It
mxt'tl sn't't'tly
an."
"t lentil-man
caveman. t"
nccd ya."

"Thtl’fa‘ 1
[lie lung"
In' [oil it .
[mlit'rmn/I'x

ills

The \\'
The boy wa
lion; ln'
rcgrvt. _
with liltt's‘ of
blaring ores
vitmity. for h
victim of :t l:
luul lt‘l
l'tntr l
her while line
bamboo out of
forth in n tira
women are 1'
through with th
'l‘hc girl “as
She shrank bn
llfnlt'tl, with shi
true to the his
"Yvrdalnritcl'
depends on how

/_f you rm.
runny “ﬂirty

mn

 

