7.. 1.,

Mtge 'l‘wo

State (tlnllrgr News
£231’E’ﬂ.§”,PYT"ECLM9P" .
 Tim. it, 1926“. No2|

 

 

 

 

Published weekly during the college
year by the Student Body of the New
York State College for Teachers at
Albany. New York.

The subscription rate is three dollars

r year. Advertising rates may be had
on application to the usiness manager.

 

Editor-in-Chief
l-lariiw S. GODFREY, '26
Managing Editor
Eowm VAN Kesecx, '27
Business Manager
Iii-1mm E. Euro", ’26
Subscription Manager
‘i‘: linear: Bacceav, ’26
Copy Reader
MARGARET BENJAMIN, '26
Assistant Business Managers
MVKA HARTMAN, '27
listen ZIMMERMAN, '27
Assistant Subscription Manager
THELMA Tent-Ls, '27
Assistant Copy Reader
,luua Fay, '27
Associate Editors
Sara Barkley, ’27 Louiso Quinn, '27
Katharine Blenis, Anna Knit '26
Joyce Persons, ‘26

Reporters
Leah Cohen ElizaltetleacMullen
Thelma Brczee Lela Van Schaick
Virginia Higgins Katherine Saxton
Adelaide Hollister Dorothy Watts
Elnab Kricg Bertha Zaian

A TRADITION Uh‘ H'l‘A'l‘l‘i

lauring the winter months the prob-
lem of cutting the campus has become
almost negligible. This condition is
due to either one of two things:
either the deep snow has made cutting
undesirable or we as a student body
have come to the realization that it is
ont'rﬂf the traditions of State that we
must keep.

Recently the campus council made
it very plain that the campus crutsi ti,
of all the ground surrounding the (fol-
l'ge iti tin: rear as well as in the front
of the College. Can we not continue
to keep the standards we have set for
rurselves during the past few months?
.l'b'e' fact that the ptihlic seems to think
it right to cut a path across the cam-
pus is no reason why we should fol-
low their example.

if the. plan proposed by Dr. Bru-
baciicr for a fence surrounding the
College property is carried out, this
problem will be done away with; but
until this plan is adopted ,it is the iluty
of every strident to do his bit toward
keeping this tradition of State.

BUDGET FEW—toss roe
more so PROFESSORS

The new College budget asks for one
professor and two assistant professors in
education, to meet the increasing demand
for advanced professional courses. Other
requests call for small additions for the
janitorial and cleaning service and a
telephone operator and clerk.

The new statue by which members of
the college faculty may have leave of
absence on half salary becomes effective

 

H'I‘A'l‘li‘. (l()[1[1lli(ll'] N

DEAN PIERCE EA VORS
MODERN GIRL BEFORE
NATIONAL CONVENTION

“Let college girls wear short dresses
and rouge a little. if they want to. They
wouldn't listen to us if we tried to train
them, tip into ‘prnrlish’ ways, anyhow.
50 We teach moderation and application
of good sense, and let it go at that." ’

Such is the attitude of deans ot
Winnen's schools and colleges over the
country, expressed by Mi. Anna ii.
l'iertte, dean of Women,
in special dispatches Saturday from
Washington, D, (f.

Miss l’ierce echoed the opinions ol
many other deans attending meetings or
the National Association of Women at
Washington.

Miss l’ieritt' said: “it's this way‘.
you simply can't make. a. college gir
wear woolen underwear in winter. no
iiialler how uncomfortable she is. She's
afraid of public opinion the \‘lilt‘ltci‘s oi
her st'lioolnuitt-s when they liiid out about
it. l’or srhiml girl~ insist on conforming
to the general mold, no matter h'nv hard
we try to bring out their indiviluality
’l‘llcy will he in style.

"Short skirts and uncorsi-tcrl li'ure‘
make for freedom of motion and health,
i believe. l'm for them .\nil ran 'i- is
all right if the girl really needs a hith-
touchiug up it's all a matter of being
artistic with its and healthy.‘

it was lll‘itll”lll out that many a girl
sits in a vt'iililaled class room all day in
a half-frozen condition. They have i
have indoor temperature very hiizb to bc
comfortable and that makes them llil"
house [llitl s.

Miss lileauor Lord. of Smith ('olliv e
stringent-d t‘ltt‘iilll‘it"lll'.: nirls ti i‘i new
health problan in an opt-u forum of
their own. llr. Martha 'l'i'ai'i-y. presi~
dent of the Women's l’ou‘iilnlion for
Health. Philadelphia, s; l'

“it's plain ignorance oi the bites of
health that we have to combat Not only
college girls. lnn almost cvcryb dy fails
to re: ixe that the human machine mint
he cared for. A man or woman who
died at 40 has insultcd his own hotly by
neglect,"

The session was also featured by a
plea for improved teaching of 1):} l.|
ogy, hygiene. home economics and sorial
'lSil"CS by llezut l’icrce. She said:
“These subjects, so necessary to the wel-
fare of feminine students, are over-
shadowed by languages and the liberal
arts."

Miss noﬁﬁius TEA
AND VALENTINE PARTY

Miss Hazel :\. Rowle of the faculty
:utertaiued at a Valentine bridge te'
it her home in Myrtle avenue recently.
\ color scheme of red and white wa:
'irrie'l tut. l’rizes were awarde'i
Miss Katherine Wheeling, Miss Edith
t). Wallara and Miss Heir-n ()ldrieVe
Other faculty guests were Mrs. Que-no
ionizin Faust and the M' cs Agnes
buttcrcr. Marv Elivabt‘tli Cobb Mary
‘rahn, hel Johnston. Helen M
i’hillip.t el lluyek, Minnie ll Scot-
"Wl mu] :ll‘ttlll Van Deliburgh.

  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
 

 

CALENDAR
Today
T3 :00 P. M »—(‘hemistry Club, Room

a .
8:00 P. M.—liaskcthall, Gym,
8:00 P. Nix—Plowman Lecture.
Room 208.
Wednesday, March 10
4:00 P. M.-l~‘reuch Club.
Friday, March 12
8:00-2:00 l’. Mr—S o p h u m o r c

 

with the next College year.

Soiree, Gym.

uws, when a, lit‘Jtl

WHAT HOME ECONOMICS MEANS TO Mi.

i‘iir. Nitws‘ Stem-:0 ARTICLE [W a FACULTY Mount-m is Conrmatrrno ’l‘ius Winn;
av
FLORENCE E. WINCHELL

icing an 'enthusiast in the field of home economics (i hope not lili'l' ‘
;, “[)r,(15[cr”)’ i grasp this opportunity of trying to put into few word». \ti‘ ..
the. subject means to me.

First of all an ideal for American home life based upon those elenn t.
that in the experience of the race have stood the test of tiinc as i-swnittl
to wholesome heritage.

Second, an assumption of the social responsibility of each individual
that home for encouraging llie best development of every other.

Third, a responsibility for helping each individual to an intelliumw
adaptation to the situations inherent in the home. problems of his Hl'lll'l‘illllvi

lint home economists are expected to be more concrete.

in a high school we like to think that the teacher of home crononnt
has an ideal for American home life made up of a composite gleaned from
history, literature, happy experiences of llt'l‘ own and a wealth of «to.
traditions. That the atmosphere of her department exemplify high staudart.
of personal relationships, elliciency and beauty of surroundings. 'l‘hi» i: w
dental teachiutt that comes from environment, education that lilh’t‘s pit
irrespective of class periods and credit points should be our lir~i t'HlltIl‘
Such education comes from stimulating personal contacts from orihi‘
crrridors. from well kept laboratories, from furnishings modest and am it
tire, well adapted to the needs of the school alid suited to the social h-x‘l
of the ~i'honl population anil front itll atmosphere of intercsling actiiili if
llll' lloun- lieouoiuics Department is to lttlllll its function in the school, v
should rxcinpli.y always the spirit of the best homes of today, \i/., that ii
intelligent cooperation and mutual uudcrstaiuling, a sharing of rmpuu‘tlnli
tics and pl‘lttlt‘gcs.

lo the children of the Junior High School home economics i\ iii
planning. preparation and scrvnig oi meals, the designing and construrilwli
in clothing, the making of beds, the washit f a sw 'atcr, int-udng oi cloth
tug. getting the rooin ready for the l'arcnt- l Cathers‘ reception, selection illll
making the form-lungs tor the tt'acltt'rs' rest room 5'! that it may be um!
attractive on little money. or it may be eating intelligently in order to bro: ‘
ones weight up to normal. To the Senior High School girl it may in
l‘tililll chemistry, clothing (lestgu. nutrition, household nianageim-ut, ln-uw
lltt‘lllb'lllllgfa, etc, all too often elected or rejected on the basis of value 17‘
entering college.

on as a prospective teacher with a modern viewpoint who see education
as a means oi ra...| lg ‘t't'l‘ry-tlily litiug to a higher plane, thus rarryin: on
i. 'h tiny s work more intelligently and with more satisfaction, the rourw or
study in any itcld means touch more than appears in the catalog; more than
ll can intau to the average student or the average parent.

   

 
  

Florence E, Winchell

 

 

State College To not 7.. Join Nat-.J‘aaaaz...
of Students of America Height, President of ’26, Announces

State (ollege Will be asked to join the! Third, "A central clearing house fol
National Federation of Students aflllll information regarding student condo
America. either this Year or next, SHEETS it". El'r“ll’?' “"l‘lf mlmmlm‘m, "i'
- ..  , t _ , i e ows tips in tnsam «reign countries
Nllth llaiglit, prestilcut of theseniori Founh. “Coopcrmhm bow/c” fawn},
“in”. 'ﬂllllOHHCl-‘tl lmlily "1 Explaining the land undergraduates in American college.
Urtzanizatimt's aims. The National Cot. ion course of study, student government.
legiatc worm (‘mm lefmnccl hem at ;andﬂadmiuistratiun of discipline." _ V
princeum' I” which “ﬂight was a dclbi l'ifith, "ft central bureau to lnrueb
mite, cxprcnscrl its (“of of a National colleges With prominent Sil‘Ilh'Crs on na-
palm-Him, of Students of Amen-m. ,tioual and international problems." . _
"iis Federation is working for th' Suftlh, “’l‘hc‘creation of public opinion
main ptirmses, ﬁrst, "go secure a" in_ f to militate against commercialism in enl~
creased interest and influence upon na-ilch'c athletics-H
tional and international affairs in that .Slwemhi “The Cilc‘mm'icnlcm “f "
colleges and universities“ this countrywi-‘iflll’lt of individuality and initiative as
second, “to achieve a Closer unity I“; opposed to the prevalcntutendcncy toward

tween the mucus r,f the United States, standardized mediocrity.

and to promote sympathy and under-
standing between the students of this
country and those of the rest of the
world.” Seven suggestions have been
made for realizing these purposes;

First, "The establishment of scholar
shtpthetween the colleges of America
and lLurnpe. These scholarships would
be for the duration of one year and
would be held by juniors who could re-
turn to their own colleges after being
abroai ."

I Second, “Student tours to Europe dur-
ing the summer to study the social. poli-
tical and economic conditions of Europe
and to attend a short course at some

 

 

 

 

 

European university.”

The country is to be divided into sew-n
sections, each section being represented
y two members of the executive cone
mittce. Each representative will have
charge of the colleges in his district.
trom which some person or group will
he picked to handle the work connected
with the federation in his collct'c, ("om-
imittee members will furnish the Collette
papers with information on student aetiti»
ties here and abroad, and regional con
‘fcrcnces will discuss matters of sectional
importance.

Though the plans for the federation
have gone so far, State ('ollegc may not
vote upon the question this year, llt'C'tll‘l'
{nothing decisive has been done, and no
organization has been effected.

 

 

