 

 

 

 

 

 

 N6- 25"

MM HALLBILLPASSES ._LEGI§LATUHEi

COMMENGEtlENTWEEK
iiiLL BE_t_tlti_ JUNE 18

United States Commissioner of
Education Wilt Deliver
Graduation, Address

ALUMNI DAY l9 JUNE 19

,lolni ,li 'l‘i i'rl, llllllt‘tl States coin»
uiissiouer ol education, will deliver the
cinitniencenn'ot address this little at the
graduation exercises of State t‘olle;u"s
eiglityAsccond year,

t‘iiiiuiienceinent weekmid will begin
i’riday, ,linie ill. at .5 o'clock, when senior
Saturday, lune

class day will he held.
ill. will he alinnni day. with lllilllll'l“
oi graduates expected iii Albany.
day following. baccalaureate exercises

c7

ALBANYNNV. Y., “Fido/w. Ai>i2iL 23. I926

 

 

Schalfer (ind Maar to Report on Wellsley Conference

At Last Y. W. Frolic of Year, Featuring Hollywood Party

The last pym frolic, lor (l, '\. 1\. is to
be Saturday, April 34. at 8 o'clock in
tile gym. It is to he under the auspices
of the seniors .iiiil will he a Hollywood

party. If possihlc. c iiue dressed as your
tayorite movie star. The itoliniiittee
includes: Mildied Loinaii, chairman;

retreshtIn-nts. lilizahctli Miltnitie; tnusir,
llot'othy Habit- a 'd t'arolyli Jusslott; and
decorations. l"d:i;i Layton. There is
some \‘cry imp rtant business to come
het'nre this iiii-itin , Iiirst. the nomina-
tioii ol oliicers for next year; second, a
new amendment to the i‘onstitiitiou to lll'
eon-t] upon. The amendment is an lol-
lows: To insert the “'

    

.t
stitlttion, so that it will read, "The presi»
dent. rice-president. s ' . treasurer,
together with basketball manager of the
four class teams and o/ :wrxily. and a
representative elected liy class election
from each of the three upper classes,
shall constitute the Athletic ('oinicil of
the association."

Lorena Scliaticr and timrgiana Maai'
spent the week-end at A. t'. . , ‘. \'
at \\'rllslcy as represt-iitatires of tile
t'ollege ti. A. A. 'l'liey will give a re-
port of this t‘llllll'i't'llt'l‘ at the frolic.

 

 

Miss initiate

 

will he conducted in the auditorium at,

4:30 l’resident A. l\', lh'n-
haclier trill address the graduates.

Monday. April 21. the formal coni-
nieni'enient program will he conducted.
Alter the traditional academic, procession
of graduates, faculty, guests of honor.
and other education dignitaries aer ss
the plaza, the main program will be con—
dticted in the auditorium. |)r. 'l‘igert
will deliver his address and l'rcsident

lrnhacher will present diplomas. ‘l’re-
ceding this, the senior breakfast ‘will he,
conducted. Monday night the senior hall
will he held.

(Page Two, Column Two)

A check to pay lor the $500 “State
(itilltfﬂtf‘h’lllllc lligh School liell' lor i\l~
bani s memorial carillon has been mailed
to the l'r company, publishers of the
Albany l' citing News and the tx'iiicker~
hocker l‘r .s the two papers which
conducted [in campaign. Mary l\'llL'lli.
'20, student chairman. announeed that so
far about $510 has been paid in. About
$10 in pledges is still outstanding. The
city-wide campaign for $40,000 to pay for
the entire carillon was also over~stili—
scribed by several thousand dollars.

{\L'lilltl\\'ll'll}:lllClll of the pledge of Miss
Katherine \\‘hreling was inadvertently
omitted from the last I' ctilty list, Lan-
terbury t'liih has increased its git‘t from
$2.50 to $5.

PEDAGOGUE r6 APPEAR
WITHIN ENSUING WEEK

The l‘edagogue will probably be. pith-
lislied within a week. its editors have an-
nounced. tv‘iual cheek-ups were con.
ducted this Week. Monday noon a new
group picture of the junior class was
made.

o't‘li ii‘li.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

HAVE YEAR ABSENCE

t\li

~ Agnes l<'nttei‘er, director of dra-
ui‘ will he giri'n sablatical leave
of ahsenee from the I‘acul'y next
Miss l"tittei'i'r will probably spend .'
in New York in adranccd sttidy ol the
drama.

Miss linttei'c‘ besides eundui 'ng sev—
eral other cl ‘ in the tingliin tcpart—
Inetil, has charge of the three groups
which study drama, including the ele-

 

 
 

 

 

FRENCH an in” ”
MARDI Glttls TODAY

The l"reilt‘ll t'luh will present lireneh
liete and a Mardi tiras tonight. The
program will begin in the auditorium at
8:” o'clock. It will consist of singing
and dancing novelty t'ctiews and some
surprise numbers.

Members oi the
\\ enctiiwowitz, violinist;

include .\lary
lierlha Zaijan,

east

d'inrcr; lidna llenry, i\lary I\'llt.'lll.
pianist; tiertrude Schwcntker, Marion
O'Connor, Ruth .\lei\’iitt. llilda Sai'r.

Katharine llainmersley, t'liarlotte Jones.
Ruth C. Moore, l‘ItlIcl t‘ln‘ley, Melanie

 

nietitary dramatics class, the class iii
modern drama and the advanced dra-
niaties class.

The last public appearance of

elasses until she returns to the t'olleg‘
lactilty iii the {all of [928 will be May,
at and .22, when the advanced class pre-
sents A, A, Millie's play, “Mr. l’iiii
l’a.. .' By." at the Albany lnstitiite of
History and Art.

SPANISH CARNIVAL TO
FEATURE RUSTIC PLAY

   

r:
.r

tiraiit, Violet l’iet‘ce, .\gatha Flick,
lileauor \Velsch, lirelyn llasrile, Leula
Shorklcy, Marcella Street, Nettie (iilhert
and Carolyn JUHSlUll.

livelin l'almer, lx’cgiua l'ei'i'caiilt, and
Kathleen U'Malley, general chairmen.
lsabelle l’htde is president. The Mardi
(Eras will lollow in the gymnasium.

 

   

College News ‘

NEW YORK STATE COLLEGE FOR TEACHERS

 

5.09 

SIGNS

$850,000 GRANTED
FOR NEW BUILDING

College Will Double In Size in
New Group of
Structures
SEE LARGE ENROLLMENT
’l'he \\'i|liain _l. Millie Seii-nee Iiall
liill. piling the l'ollt'itt' $075,000 iot‘ lltteii
new buildings, which was introduced
into the legislature by State Henaiot‘
\\'illiani 'l'. liyl‘llt' of Albany. has been
passed allil signed liy (itli'l‘i'llttt‘ Allied

l'l. Smith.

it is expected tlial this addition, uith
a ﬂoor space as latgc as the present
college plant will double the capacity of
the ('ollege.

The new buildings will provide a
argi'r and better equipment with new
abui'atories and greater I'acilitit

The new l:,\llliitlsitllli will be lllt' 'li‘t‘t'st
in Alhaiiy with a full size basketball
court aiul full i'yinnasiittn and athletic.
t‘tllllllllll‘lll. li_i'l|ltt£t‘ltllll classes for the
girls will be to ducted here.

it will be much lar er than the pro-cut
gym and will accommodate at least 'tllll
spectators. There will he a gallery and
also space for b‘eacliers along the sides.
Here the interciillegiate games will he
played. :\hore the gymnasium will he
the new aiiditoritnn with a ' ting
capacity of about 1.800. The e
gym will he used for men‘s ioriiial tuni—
nastuin work a .d the present auditorium
for a library.

(Page Two, Column One)

1'

 

 

 

 

NAME CLASS, COLLEGE
OFFICERS IN ASSEMBLY

Student ' elation nominations will he
today in joint -nibl_r, at his, Muriel
l.. \\'en/.el. president of the .sociaiioii,
has announced. A new president will he

J.

 

      

 

CHANGE TO EUROPEAN

 

.\ mysterious country ion in a moun-
taiii towti oi Andalusia is the scene oi the
one-act comedy to be presented at Span—
ish Carnival, .\lay 14, under the direc-
tion of Julia li‘ay, '27, known to State
College students as the star of “The
Shoes That Danced," “’l‘lie tied,” and
other plays of the year. Well known
t'ollege actors who will appear in the
play include (ieorgia l)eMuckcr, '26,
ltiitli McNutt. '27. Marcella Street, '27,
Alexander Cooper, and Wallace Strei‘ell.
'2‘). Robert Shilliiiglaw, '2‘), the Willie
Baxter of the Albany lieklolay l'layers
“Seicnteen,” will make his lirst appe '
aiiee on the State College stage as a
tricky Spanish guide. Other features of
the entertainment will he song and dance
acts directed by Ruth McNiitl and Mar-
cella Street.

 

SYSTEM IS FORESEEN

American education may be gradually
tending toward the elimination of the
loiir-year hiin school, Dr. Arthur K.
lleik, professor of education, told Educa-
tion 1 students Monday. “Ultimately
perhaps a junior-senior high school with
a ‘jmiior eollege' attached will come,"
ltrt lieik said. "For higher training
the student would llieii go to the tilti-
rcrsities. if this comes to pass, we will
hav~ approximately the sort of grouping
of schools which they have had in Europe
since the Renaissance."

A similar idea was recently advanced
by Dr. A. ll. llrubacher, President
State College, in an article which

he
wrote on "Our Changing Colleges." l

Ul [ pai

nominated from the present junior l‘lt’t‘xs,
e—presideut from the sophomore
'a and a secretary from the ireshnian
class. A faculty member of liuance
board will also he nominated.

"he stiphumore—senior stunt
next Friday.

'/\l.lL'l' the assembly, all four classes
will meet to nominate next year's ot'tic 

BOOK OF VERSE WILL
BE PUBLISHED MA Y 3

The Book of Student Verse will he
placed on sale Monday, May 3. Terms
will be strictly cash, and students who
have already signed (or books will re-
ceive precedence.

The Book of Verse committee is
at present conducting a subscription cani«
gn among alumni, beginning with the
class of 190‘). Two thousand letters will
have been sent out by Monday, April 2n.

  

will "he

 

 

 

