2

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, DECEMBER 3, 19,26

 

State College News

ESTABLISHED or run CLASS or 1918

The Undergraduate Newspaper of New York
State College for Teachers

THE NEWS BOARD

Enth VAN KI.I:r.ctt....... ...............Ednar-m-Clnef

Kappa Delhi [the House, West “it
HELEN ZlotMlCRMAN. . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . .Burutars Manager

858 Mndtnon Avenue, West MiG-R . .
Ins.......................Manogmg Editor
Washington Avenue, “{th 2096a]. .
SAItA BARI<LE\'........... ..../l.r.incmte Managing Editor

59 So. Lake Avenue, \Vcat 1] '
................S‘nlt.rcrtpltau Manager
.Itnnua iiouse, West 2752

SENIUP AssactA‘rn EDI-torts

KATHARINE BLENIS, ’2 JULIA PM, '27 ,
THELMA L. Dame, '27 Louise D. Gun. 27
.UNInR Assoctara lam-runs .
ADELAIDE llouns’rtnt, '28 i.i:t.A VAN SCIIMCIS, 23
MM" Juntru LANODON, '28 Donoruv \VATTS, 28

VIRGINIA limo
550

 

THELMA Tait

     

Recon-runs
RUTH ti. McNu-r-r. '27 R089. DRANSKV, '29
51“; j??? 302T ,2? AinLLlF. KAUFMAN, '29
IAR .In: no . . , v ,
“an,” 2,, AN, :2 Mar i\l.i\\F;N, 29'
KATHLEEN eucttrv, ’28 l-‘Lonttnett imam, 29
Ru-rn FLANAoAN, '28 lhI l.Arr.nI-:s, 29

Lo MARCUS, '29
ICI.IzAIIrxrn l‘ut.vutt, '29
CAImuNI-z SCIILElCil, '29

Munuttn GAIIIIL, '28
RUTH G. Moon, ’28
GERTIUDE Humour, ’29

Van “ELLE WELLUTT, '29
ASSISTANT llustnnss AldNAGlIRS
Entvm L. llAlflER, ’2 lhuzo'rnv ilANllI.0N, '27
’l‘ttotIAs l‘. FALLON, '29 Auto: lloLItorn, ’28
liuancts ii. GRIFFIN, ‘78 Human Luster, ‘29
KATHERINE SAX'I'UN. ’78
Ruru KELLEV, As tut Subs ‘
Du. llAIIttr W. ilasrtnns. Facut AIVI. .
SAtIA “ANKLEV, Director of News - ng (.lass
WILLIAM M. FRENCH, Desk liditor
\ ws (llIIII: lltrrn .\lnuttn. Vice-
Secretary/Treasurer

 

 

ion Manager
1 «tr

 

 

'l‘ItIII.ttA L. iiitliYFl‘I, i'l‘L‘SlllI'llf
l‘rcsidt Itt. ANNE Hrarronu,‘::tt,

l'Ithlishcd every l‘ru .Iy lit the college year by the 'i‘IditoriItl iionrd
representing tlte Student .-\ssncialion, Subscription, $3.00 per
year, single copies, ten cents. llelirert-Il anywhere III the United
States. linterei as second cl'ss matter at postollicc. Albany, N. Y.

 

' rily endorse sentiments ex rcsscd in
contributions. ‘Dlllll'lll tttous trill be printer] unless tte writers’
names are left tt‘ttlt the duor-in-(fhief of the News, Anonymity
will be preserved if so desired.

  
 

I: News does not ttc‘

 

l'lthTEl! nr .\ltt.t.s Ant" l'IIIzss, 594-396 ilromlwny

Friday, December 3, 1926 Vol. Xi, No. 12

PURGING THE BIBLE

Some eminent Kansas t‘ity ministers created a consiIL
crablc disturbance by suggesting lltc purjiug of tile Old
Testament. They declared that stories, like the one per-
taining lo Noah's drunkenness. ought ti be omitted.
'l'wcnty-ﬁre pages wottld include all tltat is ttotr important
II the older books of the liible, one preacher asserted.
Another Iniuister added to the already raging ﬁre by
stating tltat men like .\hrahant. David, Jacob. and Solomon
should be entirely excluded, because they are not good
examples to be lteld before the young people.

(inc reply to tltis is: “They are not." [It every genera-
tion ideas of right and wrong are subject to cltattges.
l't‘ittciple~ sanctioned it. the New 'l‘I-stantent are much
finer than those supported a thousand years before L'hrist,
lit the Old 'i‘estament there are many narratives of la-

mentable deeds by really good men. Adam and Eve
violated tiod's law. and their eldest son murdered itis
brother. lint the thing tltat has made the liihlc immortal

is that it has recorded good with evil, power with dcbility,
and honor with dishonor.

The (lid 'l‘citament would not have endured, if it had
shown only what the worthy men did. it depicted the life
of one time in all of its phases. attd, because of this, it

became a book of immeasurable ttisdom.

COMES THE ”LION"

I‘Iveryhndy has wanted a humor at State.
Everyone has said what an addition to college life it
Now that an earliest group of students have
undert.’ the labor of publishing a comic magazine,
everyone should support them. This y or, at least, the
magazine trill have to stand on its owtt feet. "The State
Lion" needs ﬁnancial aid. it needs subs ‘fptions. it should
ltave nearly l,il(ltl subscribers for its ﬁrst issue. if the
magazine is a success this year. perhaps the student asso-
ciation trill want to let it share ill the budget next fall.
lint iii the meantime it deserves ﬁnancial backing

magazine

would make.

 

n'

 

“WOR NOT TO SPANK"

A celebrated educator recently stated that spanking is
method of suasinn entirely too neglected in tltis day and
age. instantly a great cry arose front other celebrated
educators. Certainly not spanking! Never spanking! Of
all things. spanking is most to be abhorred iu the upbring-
ing of children!

Why not spanking? As we recall, the days of our child-
hood were punctuated by slippers, hair-brushes, razor-
slrops, bruslt-wood, atni even in some cases by the laying—
ou of hands. These various means made a deep impres-
:ion on us; atnl if, as is nowadays contended. the impres-
sion was far front enduring, who can wish, literally at least,
that it had been otherwise? We who were corrected by a
birch switch instead of by a mournful lecture were deeply
impressed by the thrashing, When next we were tempted,
we recalled the previous penalty attd hesitated.

if, as is held today, we tried to "skin out" of the punish-
ment by lying, do not the youngsters of today escape its
Inany scohlings as possible? And are we less honest titatt
they? The so—vaIlcl brtttality of spanking is no greater
than the cruelty of an ingenious lecture; many things may be

 

 

said in a scolding that rankle longer titan they should.

"A burnt child dreads the fire,” and it session with a
shingle is ratltér like a burn, in results at least, if the
purpose of punishment be correction so impressive that the
offense shall Itot be repeated, then spanking has been
proved by general and longer usage to be more successful
titan talking.

 

 

THE QUARTERLY MAKES ITS ANNUAL
BOW TO AN INTERESTED AUDIENCE
nY E. V. if
The Stale College Quurlrrly, Vol. IX, No. i. $.50. 36

pp. Albany: Evory.

A wichth appeal for its College audience attd more
careful editing arc the citief changes attd improvements
in tltis year's Quarterly, the ﬁrst nttmbcr of which appeared
the day before Thanksgiving recess. Besides the usual
short stories and verse, there are new book and drama
review departments. The review of the dramatized "Green
Hat" contributed by Miss. Mary. Gralnt of the College
faculty was adequate and Interesting. [\ent i’eascs critt—
cism of the latest Dunsany book will, we hope, be fol-
lowed by Inorc of his work.

“.\tatety btaggers," the much-touted new humor depart;
meat, is a good deal of a flop. The sketch entitled “Art
was funny but the others weren't. .

The poetry was in usual quantity and somewhat Improved
in quality but a digest of its subject-matter shows that
the lately-departed morbid school of ’jinglers did us itc-
farious work only too wcll.‘ The broken-hearted and dis-
illusioned poets who die twtcc itt each of three verses of
iambic pentameter are as numerous as ever. ()II, for JllSi
one ray of sunlight in the maze of philosophical glootnl

The two short stories written by Mary (ialvut and
licatricc Wright are better titan anything of the kuul that
the Quarterly has published recently. There are good
drawings by Miss (ittlviu, Ruth Watts and Dorothy Watts.
The new exchange department is \\’IIt‘lll\\'llllt:.

 

 

 

(Jr/hm. liy Joint Maselicld. $2.50. Jib pp. New York:
Macmillan,

it seems to Its that writers often reveal more of them-
selves in their poorer works than in their best efforts.
Certainly one gets new light on John .\lascﬁeld itt this
glimpse of tvltat for ltint Ittttst have been a racation front
more crious business,
Maselield is a master of vivid narrative, “()dtaa" has
vivid narrative. lint beyond that it hasn't ntttelt of
anything cxu-pt an almost impossible plot. It is the story
of a young linglisluuan who arrivt. in a .s'oullt American
principality just as one of the political volcauos, for which
the section is Itotcd, is about to erupt. llet'ore lte is there
long the volcano does I-rupt anti the hook is deroted to a
very taking account of the young lirit‘bcr's part itt the
disturbance. Everyone will enjoy this story. it is told
with such attention to detail that some of the more sur-
prising adventures have a plausible sound. Mr. Maselield
evidently believes that all of it is thoroughly convincing
for he appends a note to his book to the, clicct that the
persons and events described are imaginary

 

It‘not‘t‘t't'll and the (lit! tituu'rl. lly J. Hampton .\loorv.
illustrated. .itlt) pp. Philadelphia: Macrac-Sntith,

'i‘heodore Roosevelt's personality lliill- has—so trc—
mettdous a hold ttpou the American people that their thirst
for books about him will Itot soon be quenched. Much
has been written and is being written about Roosevelt atul
it seems to us. front dabblings itt some of this, that most
of it has erred too far, usually in the direction of making
Roosevelt a miracle titan. ()ftht the failing has been oppo-
site itt tendency and writers have been unable to re. 'st the
temptation of Roosevelt's remarkable
humanity, as it was mated III so many “typically
Roosevelt" actions throughout his public life. Mr. Moore's
book comes close to a mean between these extremes. l’ri‘
marily it strc. Ls Roosevelt the statesman attd politician.
it is written front personal observation and knowledge.
The writer thinks that Roosevelt realized that the “Old
tinard." that is the regular lx't'pubiican party, was becmw
ittg‘ hide-bound anti that he worked to arouse the enthusi-
asm of the younger men. Mr. Moore suggests titat pcr~
haps the “Old Guard" is once more slumping and that it
may be time for another uprising.

Nichols.

 

 

 

 

 

'l'u't'nlyulit'r. liy $2.50. 256 pp.
New York: l)oran,

The humor in “'I‘wcnty-iirc" is quite often a bit forced
and far-fetched. but. ucrcrlltclcss, we suppose the book is
of the type the blurb-writers usually call “engaging.” it
is a “ Ittng man's candid recollection of his elders and
bettet and the recollections are very candid. Particu-
larly cattdid and particularly amusing ' a little sketch of
Nicholas Murray llutier, the widely-advertised president
of (foltunbia university. It‘ ' book is about Eng»
lishmcu and English topics attd for American interest
rmc of this purtio compares favorably with the chapter
devoted to American impressions. i‘residcnt Wilson re-
minded Mr. Nichols of a dentist, lie was
span." President Taft iutprcs’stnl him as
sus." Taken in small doses as an appetizer, the book is
good fun.

tercrley

  

E

 

   

 

 

TEN YEARS AGO lN STATE COLLEGE
From the ﬁles of the News for Nov. 22, 1916

 

 

"The Soph-lﬁ‘osh Activities Committee, consisting of
Hopans, Spruttlc, Joseph \\'alkt-r, ami Jones, have cont-
pleted the arrangements for the 'l'hanksgirittg Field Day.
The games will commence at Unit) sharp on 'l‘hursday, and
will take place at Ridgeﬁcld."

 

“Students are reminded that the 'i'ltauksgiving recess
cons .15 of 'l‘hauksgiring lth only. Their attention is ' ,
called to the rules of the college concerning absences be-
fore antl after a holiday."

   

i

"A special price of admittance has been arranged for
the students of the College for the moving pictures to be
shown ill the auditorium of the iiducatiou lluildiug of the
‘Amvrican Boys in the European \'\’ar' on December 5th
li:15 p. m." I

 

GOLLEGE BRIEFS

liccausc of lack of a quorum, Cont—
mercc club meeting was adjourned early
t‘ucstlay. The day for meeting will
probably be changed to accommodate
tuore of the students, according to
\ill’Ulyll Lorentz, '27, president.  spe-
cial meetng will be called betnre t,hrtst-
.Itas vacation.

 

 

 

 

News Club Meets Today
The News club will meet at  o clock
this afternoon in tltc News olhcc.

Alpha Epsilon Phi Sells Seals
Alpha Epsilon i’hi conducted a sale
of Red Cross Christmas seals this week.

Eta Phi Entertains Two

Elizabeth Falk, '26, of Stamford, Cctn-
nccticut aml Marion thesebrough, ’46,
of New York were guests at the. lLta
t-‘hi sorority house over Tltauksgtvutg
week-end.

 

Club Sells Candy on Order

All the candy at the Home liconrnnics
clubl t‘,illl(l_\'i said before 'l‘hauksgtrtng
was sold on order, no sale being neces-
sary.

Entertains at Kappa Delta

Janet Gow, '27, entertained Miss
.\laonti lltttlstnt of Niagara Falls at the
Kappa llclta house during 'i'httnksgtv-
tug recess.

 

Miss Kcim is at Convention

.\liss :\uua R. Keim, altl prosz
.or of home economics, ts -l
American Vocational assoctation conven-
tiott in Louisville. Kentucky, this week-
end. i'lnrotttc site vi”th the Merrill
i'almer school in llctroit. .\lichigau.

  

 

Take Mathematics Club Picture
Mathematics club had its picture takep
for the l‘elagogttv, "hursday at “:43.

 

 

Graduates Visit College
Nellie Maxim, '24, mnl .\iariou t'hcsc‘
visited

t‘ollege Monday.
studying at t'olutn»
Jlil tntit't this )t'tll‘, getting an
.\l. A. degtce itt Latin.

Marjorie Livingston, '25, attd lJoru-
then “it‘ll, '2 both of whom are teach-
.ng itt the tstrrn part of the state,
.pent the holiday itt Albany.

iiarrv Rude, '25, and l‘:tl\\'lii Juckclt,
'25, were guests at the Kappa llelta Rho
house.

.Irough, ‘20,
.\' t‘lte.

      

  

'27 Won Hare and Hound Race

The iulerclass girls' bare and ltottttd
race was won by the seniors, contrary
to previous announcement.

The sophomores, the hares, were t)\'CI*
taken by the seniors, the bounds, on the
Iinal race held two weeks ago.

Y. W. H. A. Hears Dean Pierce

‘ Dean Anita ii: i‘ierce spoke on "Malta
mg the Most ol Oneself" at the Jewish
Community center of tile Young \\'omen‘s
licbrcw association Monday.

MILNE HIGH SCHOOL’S
ORCHESTRA ORGANIZES

Milne lligh school's orchestra tttade
its ﬁrst appearance \'\'cducsday in the
high school assembly, playing "Marcbe
. i . re" by Schubert.

“They will play at least once a month,"
Mary \\’euctu\vowicz, '27, director of
the orchestra. announced

Another orchestra is being fortttcd to
play j' I. only.

The school orclte. ra this year cont-
priscs the following instruments and
players: piano, Mariott Wallace; vio~
litts. Mildred Luckrow, Madeleine Mi‘
lano, lrette (iedney; coruets, llartnitt
Sherman, Stanley |\'|t'tt:  'nphone,
Robert Wilt-y; drums, llarid .\lexandcr.

DR. BRUBACHER WRITES
ENCYCLOPEDIA ARTICLE

President A. l\'. iirubacher is the alt-
thor ol the article on l‘arettt-'i'eat‘lter
.t ,sociations published iii the encyclopedia
Americana, He describes the basis for
the organizations throughout the United
States.

 

 

 

  

 

MISS WELLINGTON WEDS

Rosamond \l’ellington was married

durng tilt" summer to Major Joseph
Hanson, lhey are at home at Yankton,
South Dakota, Miss \\'clllIIl-'.ton will

be remembered as the young woman in

charge of organizatton of dinners held
during the Resnlence hall campaign drivc.

 

 

IDOL LIES

I never knew.

Yet. there was a time

Many years ago;

I made of you

A golden idol

Deep in the temple of my heart.

And gave to you

The bright glory

Of a grid star.—

I had a dream

Before I knew

You made the eighteenth team.

—'l",l‘——
Tl‘ltlllllll 'l‘rudie 'l‘alked

i don't care a thing about dancing

this number at all~~my ptnn' feel are

bowling with pain. Yes, I know i
have bcwttchiug' vyt-s. . . . How did i
ever get you on my program? No, i

don‘t care iIt the lvast tthal part of the
country you come from. l'nt \rotnlt-r
ing‘ about the rest of your Ililll\‘t' plat
mates.

. Hey there. hall‘wit, this is .I
Will

 
 

 

     

I'm-trot. not a l’aul Join-s! you
. ' turn your map the other way I'
the doctor slt's‘ i hate a weak heart
i can't tell whetln-r the music is good or
not. Your clutlfcl' ' " king ntr t'Jlt‘~
drutns \\thI this flillll't'
end! \'t- g is! This big elephant i~
keeping on my feet all right. l’at'rlou
you? Thank unwillt'ss that!

over.
-'t“|1._
Till) |i\lll
.\l last shv t\:Is gradunlctl trout vol
lrgt'. I’or four long years she had

laborvd ort-r ln-r ~ttniit-s, She had un-I
gone to any dances. .\ltv did not ~moltv.
drink. or t'llt'\\', The pages ol llt'l' dtart
c while and empty. but her rI-ou-Ii
for scholarship llilll lit'l'll i-xvt-leiuelt
brilliant. The professors Ill'|‘llit‘lt‘tl .I
tplendid varccr for hvt'.

She went out into the crttt-l, cold \torld,
With her horn-rimmed sIIt't‘s Itt'l't‘lit'li

 

 
   

.vrurt- - on her nose, she In'atcly t-ntcrul
the ol’ of a supt'riutetnlcnl of st‘lllnll‘.
'utdr- well. he hatr to admit it. tollo.
but the trullt must be told . . , do

was hired as prntcip‘ |.
_.l,.l_n
Try this in your French course:
Pas deux lenr Rhone que nous.
MT. .

 

  

n' (II'I'IIiI'Ir I/IIII nloliun pi.“
litres of [ill nrgnllr :I'i/l rp/dnrw I'Intr
rtmnt Irr/nrtw. [nun/nut the fallout
rum/nix Iii/litquvI-J"I'oI/nyv'l'ln' [lot with
III'III/Itr/tt' in l/t/‘I'I' rI'I'Is'," or "/it'ninninn
.llnnduy. inf/ﬁr Ilt.- //Itt':unl .\ln/I'
gal/Ir). ’l'in' lira/mt It'll: in law /'tlllt “
__.’]‘T_

.t my

PRE~VISIONP

Four or ﬁve D's-an'-E's sealed in a
letter.
When it is all opened.
The marks begin to beam
Now won't that be a dainty dish
To set before the dean?
..'i"t'_

llear Twins,

i know about Santa t‘lau» liit\\, lrul
i. would like to be surv- about llll\ nuts
tIon, “is therc a real devil?"

'l‘rustingly.
Little LI-uy
IJrur Lin/r I.I-Ily.

'I‘Iiti'it' ix, fillll't'll, tl I'I'xtl t/I'I'il, nltd in:
Irnotu hint zvi'll; III' lit/mt in n Intr/ryt/to'
.t'lnlttt It'ltt'nr't't'r his Tt'ift' i.r out of (HM!

H The 'l'rttins
PERFECT SECURITY

Punch: “Have you conﬁdence in
your roommate?"

aw: "I'll say I have. Whenever
he lends me money I am absolutely
certain that: it will be paid back."

~ i l
.\ S'I‘A'l‘lc ;\ll

i'onr out of lirw that's illl‘ insuliqu
Ihtng about college degrees you llt’\'t'i
know who has Ith'. State is callint‘
.t'ou! ttttl where life is polities, tin-re i\
a home Ior Ytli‘ iu IIllt' of lltv many
charmng frat and sorority houses on
llll‘ Kl't‘t‘u glndvs oi ottr t‘.‘tlll|tll\. llatv
you tried Stat " 'ritr for 7H. , ct"
booklet: The Ilt'au. Stati- t‘ollvtn tor
'i'eachcrs,

 

 

 

_1"r,__
Last snappy snarl—
Say whenl-—is Christmas?

394bwa

 

