State College

   ' '

Wltt TAPNEWMEMBERS 0

NEW YORK STATE COLLEGE FOR TEACHERS

FRIBA‘iF.

i MYSKAN

 ALB‘AN N

'. 

jijiiii-z {092;}

IAN-THIS

College To Have Work of Training High School Librarians

REGENTS—AUTHORIZE THREE YEARS 0F ,
 CCLLECE PLUS iECHtiiCLL iELCtiiiiC‘

—-—-— i
School’s E qul p menti
ecomes College's 

Property

PLAN suﬁmsa counsss‘

The New York State Library schoolI
which has been conducted for thirty
years iii conjunction with the State
Library at Albany will be transferred}
to Columbia university and merged
with a similar unit. the tfarnegic
Library, according to aiinimncemeut
today by l’resideiit A. It. IArubaeher
of State College.

The board of regents at its April
meeting used a resolution transfer-
iug the work of training high school
librarians from the State Library to
the State College.

It will be ail undergraduate course
requiring three full years of rigular
college work in addition to teehincal
training.

The entire equipment of books,
reference material and laboratory ma~
tcrial iii general of tlte library school
will become the property of State eo|~
lcg‘e. The budget will also be trans~
ferred to the budget at State college
to pay the "il'iries of the ‘ ' IT,

Summer  tours for high
school librarians will also be included
in this new change beginning with the
1927 session.

A committee has be..- appointed by
the regents to formulate a library
course which will lie the foundation
for future certification, The committee
consists of Regents Alexander I'ligby,
Dr. Frank I‘. (iraves,  stant Coni-
niissioner James Sullivan, State I.i-
brarian James I. VVyer and Dr. Brn-
bacber.

No plans can he tnaile niitil the
transfer to Columbia has been conh‘
pleted. 1

Library
3

FALLON ’29 LEADER; ,
JENSEN HEADS SOPHS‘

Thomas P. Fallon of Albany has
been elected president of the freshman"
class for next year, defeating Bettyf
Eaton, also of Albany, iii a rcvote. I

Richard A. Jensen .of north 'I‘roy,i
at present secretary of the student!

association, defeated Florence Potter}

:iee on student health.

ASSOCIATION 0

COLLEGE MOVES T0 Nick's VARSITY NINE

ABOLISH LECTURES

A move toward abandonment of thei

COMPLETES SCHEDULE
‘raditional lecture inethoil iii college;

The men's varsity baseball season is
- - i ‘E ' ; ii e' thr. State \vim
each.ng is revealed iii the announi‘e-ICI‘NII l‘" I" l" ' - ‘
ment by President A. R, lirubacher o

f‘otti' gaini- iii four starts. (‘harles Item]—
the cltanges to be made next year in}“f‘ll.\’. .20.. Cill'l'Itltlt'tl'llll: S'tltrltllflr Will
the education department faculty. I(‘]."lrlv”w( "ll" ff." 3'” I'lll‘m‘li‘ﬂ:. I.”
All lecture courses in this depart-I . “If. M'I'Q'llll‘vn'n'y"{luﬁ'llllfvlul‘h‘
ment. as well as those in the depari-“.“fll‘fml I‘Nﬂm‘ll’.v-h'llli'llttl I‘i'l‘lmi‘:
nieut of psychology are to be omitted. ‘ 5" "'“r‘m‘ “""Ul'i" ~‘ “I” '”'"
For several years in his annual report. Tm"
I)r. Ilriihacher has decried the lecture
method of instruction, allirming that
it is forced upon the college in unwise
instances because of lack of slllliClt‘lll , _
funds for iuore instructors and lack 5” ".‘ll'II'L‘l‘ “1 WW”: "I I
of rooms enough in which to divide up I" 517ltlltllltl “'ll“ Stills ll)"
the large lecture sections. Jllm'v

DINE MISS SCOTLAND

its faculty
.\|iniiie

Lurope iii

l’si tianiina entertained

Many Failures Laid to Poor Health Environment,
Faculty Committee to Act for Better Conditions,

Ilr. A. It. Brubaeher has completed reasonable comfort for sleeping and
a survey of health conditions surrouinl- study.
ing' students who have failed in then" Second. that the college cafeteria be
'l'he results showed ‘opened next year fo. three meals each
ci-neIiisiiely that housing conilitioi's,‘ ay of the week at a moderate price
food and outside work were among the i to the lirst hundred students who
outstanding factors which made for.apply. Students who are under weight
~lt(‘t‘ess or otherwise.

The president and Dean Aiiua Ii.
I’ierce are eager to (it) everything tltall
can be don: to help students maintain;
the highest possible health standards“
iii their living arrangements iii OI'tICI“

t

college work.

ladeautagc of this offer.
Third, that a circular letter be sent
to all new students before matricula-

importance of health consideration in
planning for college, especially as tliey‘
apply to living conditions, the Import-
ance ol good food and the limiting oi
outside Work.

that higher scholarship may be at-
tained. To further this end Dr. Brio,
bacher has appointed several members‘
of the faculty to constitute a Commit-
lthe number of college hours carried
,. . . . . thy students for whom outside workt
ll'lt. work of this committee will .hciis a" nhsolmc ..‘ty; each mac
to aid students in every way to main—t
taut the highest possible standards of
living as related to housing conditions. m" ("Why  : “"cc She "ems my
food mi the liiiiitiii rf outsid ‘I “"‘I‘m” "‘5I“'C“““' "U “’0‘” ‘0 ""
' ‘ g ’ ' c “’0' “occupied by students in order to t‘II-‘
wherever feasible At a recent meet- initiate lllltlcl ralile places and SCClll'C‘
tug of the mmmmcu, the folio“,ng for the students the best possible liv-I
> ' . ‘ , - . . k ‘
su mestions were m'ide ’llltl were later “1": ‘umnmmm " .
I“ ‘ ‘ ' , l)r. Briihaeher hopes that the faith—
endorsed by the faculty council:
Tirst, that every effort should be

Fifth, that Miss Pierce be given all

ilations will C‘IlllrllJlllC toward the ra

niaile to have only two students occupy ing of health standards among the“

_ I ,ur is.
Isabelle I'lnde, 2(1.

‘or anemic are especially urged to take;

lion next year, urging upon them tIieI

li‘oiirth. that the dean's office liiitit

here to he decided on It's own merits;

iTO ANNOUNCE, INSTALL NEW STUDENT

FFIGERS III—ASSEMBLY

Classes To Compote In Stunts
On Campus This
Afternoon
STEP SING FOR TONIGHT
Installation as well '. aitnoiinCement
of student tlsSt .Iation ol'licers are ex—
pected to make the Moving—up Day
ceremonies In the auditorimn today
,cven more inip‘ Wt: than usual. The
iotber tisilal events which make Mitt“
ing»np Day the climax" of the college
year will be included iii the program.
The hour by hour progr' 
823” A. NI. Assembly iil t‘l's
Uzi i\. NI. I’roeessional am

in the auditorium.

'.‘.ll'slltlllS—st‘tlltil‘s, Jeanette '
\‘lllt: and Alice Spencer; Juniors.
lleleu Horn and Katharine Blunts;
sophomores. l\'iitli Moore and (itiltlt‘llit
llills; freshmen. Mildred Miller and
Alice Mc'l‘agne,

‘ ' Speake

t‘XL‘l“

Mau-

'l‘honia

s lialloii, '2‘);
; Julia ‘

.
Clirisse buy, '27;
Award of News board pins and
.Qiiartei'ly pri'Ies—l’resideut liruliacher.
G. A. A. awards~.\liss J. Isabelle
Johnston.

Men's
l’owe

l'reseiitalioii of
jgiierite Lieshiiian.

Ackiiowleilginent—I’resideiit
, baclier.

Senior farewell song.

Moving—up; choosing,r of Myskania;
announcement and installation of stu~
dcut body officers; reeessional; forma-
tion of numerals.

t’laiiting of the ivy—Ruby lIerman,
1'26, ivy speaker.

2:00 l,’. AL Class stunts, campus;
chairmen. freshmen, Evelyn Graves;
Supllﬂlnt‘n‘cs, Dorothy Rowland; jun-
iors, Bertha Zajan; seniors, Marion
IO Connor,

7:00 P. t\[. Step sing.
8:15 P. M. Dance, gym.

athletic awards~Dr. C. l2.

senior gift——Mar-

Itrii—

 

ASSEMBLY ROOMS

82.30 assembly of classes.

Seiiiorstirst floor by room 101.

Juniors—First floor by registrar's
otlice.

Soplioniorcs—Bascmcnt by men's
locker room.

student»: and the maintenance of higheri’ Freshmc”_335cmcnt by mom B,

isi"‘ti’arslii|i. l

 

 

tfiil carrying out of these reemiimeti—l
I
I
t

I" a TCVOW ‘0 dowrmlnc “AC PWSIllcmy ‘a room and that the roonts selected
of the sophomore class for next year.[.—shoulil be of sufﬁcient size to offer

 

 

