 

 

Page Two

STATE COLLEGE N

 

, J V’UARY to. liven

 

Stale , Olnllrgr News

Erramsuco IY rue cuss or me
Vol. X. Jan. 15, 1926

 

N0. 15

 

Published weekly during the college
year the Student Body of the New
York State College for Teachers at
Albany, New York.

The subscription rate is three dollars
per year. Advertising rates may be had
on application to the business manager.

Editor-in-Chief
Ham! 5. Conner. '26
Managing Editor
Euwm VAN Kuzacx, '27
Business Manager
Hmn E. ELLIOTT, '26
Subscription Manager
Hmn BARCLAY, '26
Copy Reader
Manner BENJAMIN, ‘26
Assistant Business Managers
MYRA HAITMAN, '27
HELEN ZIMMERMAN, '27
Assistant Subscription Manager
THELMA Taurus, ’27
Assistant Copy Reader
JULiA Far. ' 7
Associate Editors
Sara Barkley, '27 Louise Gunn, '27
Katharine Blcnis, Anna Kofi ’26
Joyce Persons, ’26

 

Reporters
Leah Cohen ElizabethMacMullen
Thelma Brezee Lela Van Scliaick
Virginia Higgins Katherine Saxton
Adelaide Hoilistcr Dorothy Watts
Einah Krieg Bertha Zajan

 

YOUR DUTY - DO IT!

Our College has declared war on dirt!
The intensive campaign begins today and
continues for a week when, on January
22, the student committee will make a
tour of inspection. Whether they find
the halls and classrooms tidy or untidy
depends upon you. if each student makes
himself a part of the campaign and
remembers that he must be careful not
to throw paper on the floors but in the
baskets intended for the purpose, if each
Student refrains from writing on the
walls and from scratching the paint off
them, there is no doubt but that the end
of the campaign will find our halls as
clean as they should be. Aiid what will
happen then? It depends upon you!
Will you go back to the old habits of
tearing paper and letting it fall on the

cars? Will you continue to make
futurist pictures. on tile walls because
you have 2i pcncd handy and nothing to
write on? This iintidilless is due, not
to a lack of pride in our College, but
rather. to thoughtlessness. l'ermaneilt
cleanliness depends upon you. What are
you going to do about it?

 

JOSEPH HENRY INITIATES

‘Nine new members were initiated into
Joseph Henry Society Tuesday evening.
December 15. The initiates entertained
with three skits. utilizing Harold Lloyd's
antics in “The Freshman.” the profession
of teaching, and radio humor. Original
Jokes were featured. Members added
were A. liollister, M, linker, R. llolmcs.
M.‘ Yotlngs, H. Elliot, C. Benson, l).
Smith, ii. Travis, A. Arning. Constance

'Haumann headed the committee in charge.

aided by ii. Krleg, H. Campbell and l’.
attice. Sandwiches, coffee, and cake

were refreshments. A program over the

laboratory radio ended the evening.

 

COLLEGIATE AMERICA
BACKS WORLD COURT

Collegiate America is behind the en-
trance of the United States into the per-
mancut court of iiilerinitional justice, 5.
Niles i'iaight, president of the senior
class, declared Friday, addr the
junior~frcslulian assembly. II: ‘
ported as the college's delegate to the
rcccnt national collegiate world ,court
conference conducted at I‘rinccton inu-
vct‘sily. A siin.lar report was made by
William J. llelcliality, the other delegate.
to the sopllolnore-scnior assembly,

'llic great majority of the representa—
tives of 250 American colle.e were ill
favor of the court, but lICvct’lllt hey
were Won by the personality of Clarence
Darrow, the noted criminal lawyer wllo
was one of the principal speakers against
the tribunal, llltight said. “While the
other speakers appeared dressed in ‘soup
and finli' and with sparkling bosoms.
llarrow mounted the platform with
suit in old tweed, his tie hanging loose
and his llzlir all over his face.

Later, students are to vote on the
question of the college's entrance into
the national student I‘cdc.ation which has
l>t't.‘ll formed at the cuiiferenve by c lllcge
and universily men and women.

DEAN PIERCE VISITS N. Y.

llcan Alina if. l’icrcc spclll (.'lil‘istinas
vacation iil New Yolk Most of her
time was spent at the headquarters of
the Women's Foundation for Health. of
which she is a member of the board of
directors. alld of the executive commit-
lee, also chairman of the endowment
committee. 'l‘ainblyii and llrown, who
helped the alumni organization in their
Residence lllill campaign. are cooperat-
ing with the Foundation to secure an
endowment. The Women's Foundation
for Health stands for lllillllllll'icd or
positive health for women. it is a na—
tional organization, the aim of which is
:1 health exziiiiination for every woman
and girl in America. This includes not
only a physical examination. but also the
study of the iildividtinl's occupati her
nervous reaction to it, and other relation-
ships affecting her health. The organi-
zation is connected with many educa-
tional institutions. At present it is
carrying on a cooperative movement
with the National Association of [leans
if Women. for a survey of health serv-
Il:c in about 1200 schools, all over the
l'nitctl States. Another phase of Dean
l’icrce's work was ill culilection with
the health Committee of the ilSsthiilllUll.
ll wli ch she is chairman.

 

 

 

 

CALENDAR
Today
4 :00 P. M. Chemistry Club—Room
i130.
P. M.
Normal—Gym,
8:]5 P. M Dramatics (Ibis; l‘lays
—Histori.'al and Art Auditorium.
Tomorrow
P, M. llaskctlinllglfrosh-
Union Frosh—Cym.
8' . M. Dramatics Class ['12in
-—l*listorical and Art Auditorium.
Tuesday January 19
3:00 P. M. Y. W. Mecting~ltoom

4:00 P. M. Political Science Club
——Room 101.
7:00 P. M Advanced
Play—Amlitorium.
edriesday January 20

Basketbal l—Oswcgo

Dramatics

5:30-9:00 P. M. French Club
llanqnct.

Thursday, January 21
4:00 P. M. Menorah Meeting—

linom l3.
4:00 P. M. Spanish Club—Room
Friday, January 22

P. Vi Basketball—Gym.

 

 

 

 

CHRISTMAS iN CUBA

Fill; ans’ SloNcn ARTICLE iii! A FACUL 'rv MEMBER is Conrmnurico ’l‘nls \VEEK

HY

MISS ALICE TAYLOR HILL

Christmas in Albany probably consisted of Christmas trees and holly, zero

temperature. sleigh-rides and Santat'laus.
by warm summer 24
and the Nativity scene in every toy shop

 

The holidays ill Cuba were characterized

k Is, August temperature, plenty of roast pig and guinea hen,

window.

it was dillicult to believe that our friends at home were shivering while we
were walking along the Malecoll in the warm sunshine, clad in our tliiiincst summer

garb.
Those who cclcbrntc Christin:

 

in true Cuban fashion, attended the Christmas

live performance at the ’l‘catro Marti. where a very colorful Spanish Zarzlicia was

playing all holiday wcck.

Leaving the theatre at twelve or a little after, we took

a taxi to the Cathedral, to attend the Midnight Mass. where special music and the

altar decorated with natural Ilowers were the principal features.

The rest of the

night, or rather, early morning, was spent by the Orthodox iii consuming all the

daintlcs that acecmpanicd the roast pi ;' banquet.

The rest of ('hristmas day was

slept away in order to cliahlc us to be ill trim for the festivities of the evening,

 

when the ca
’1 be (.h

 

 

Men in little booths on tll
u the sultry air of tho gaily illumi

 

cd streets.
we enjoyed the cooling tropical (lr nks such as pii'iu fria and t. narindo.
one's first visit to llllvllna, there were the trips to Morro (
tress, the Hershey sugar niill, the ,Iai-Alai games. the (‘orona cl
if onc's vacation was long enough. the long train ridc to Mallinxas and the

' \verc tilled with the holiday revelers.
mas llowcr or poinscttia blossomed luxiiriaiitly in cvcrybody's gar—
den, alld Christmas roses were in abundance. '

'ileu . erected for the purpose,

Ulildrcn posted letters to the .
Toy balloons tloatcd
instead of drinking hot ch ‘cnlalc,
if it was
astlc and (‘abzu‘ta For-
' lr factory. and.

' ‘ ‘lll

   

 

 

 

into the llcllalnar ('aves. warranted to supply any number of thrills. cspccullly

 

when the lights go out

a depth of 280 feet.
)ll those who love the sea. the view of the beautiful blue filllf of Movii“.

 

with the surf breaking over the sea wall of Havana harbor. made a lasting impres-
sion, and the voyage. three days ill each (ill‘CClitlll, llflordcd all the delights of

miicll needed rest alid rc“
tendency to rob olic of his appetite.

   

ltion, even thouin Cape Hatteras had all unpleasant

All those interested. should sign up early for the Ward Linc l‘llfl Christmas

cruise to (Lidia.

The writer offers to cliaperon the party.

 

1926 WINS MOST G. A. A.
AWARDS IN GYM MEET

The (i. A. A. gyin meet was lickl \\'cd-
nelday eielling. llc.'cinber lti. Highest
class awards went to the seniors with
thirty-one The juniors
second with thirty and one—third points.
the sophomores next with twenty-eight
and two-fifths points. and the freshmen
with l\V'Cllly~llVC and three—fifths
Only sophomores and fresh-
men were eligible for the individual
awards. First prize. the silver loving
cup. went to 'yn Graves, '2‘).
who hail a l'llill of thirty—five and three
'plarlcr points. See nld arrl third awards,
"lass numerals. wch givc‘i til l)ii‘othy
Lashcr. '28. and ('crtrudc Hall, '2‘). who
had thirty»five and a quarter and thirty
two and three quarter pli‘its. rcspez-
lively. Sylvia ' rcccived

points. were

last
points.

 

  

Fcrbcr. 3'1,
honorable mention with tllirly and three-
qiiartcr points,

The fil“l illllllC‘ll‘C of thc ()iilinu (‘hib
ill 0. A. Ads activities was shown by
‘hc slciph ride ’l'lleaizly night. From
ivc to seven. a jolly Stale crowd fol—
lowed jingling bells about the city and.
returning to college had supper ill the
cafe. Tilt: entire frolic. including eats,
was free of cost. which means, furnished
by (i. A. A.

MISS PERINE ATTENDS
CORNELL CONFERENCE
Miss Eunice A. l’crine attended a
joint meeting of the College Art Asso—
ciation of America and the Art and
Archaeology Association at Cornell uni-
v/crsity in lthaca. New York, December
1‘), 30, Ill. Delegates of collcr'e teachers
were pre in from all mer the country.
llr, licrrand, president of Cornell, made
the address of greeting at the opening
banquet and Dean Laingc of Chicago
university gave the principal address.

 

 

BOOK ENDS

A Weekly Review of Curreiii Fiction by the
Editor of the Quarterly.
WOMEN
By Booth Tarkington

"if only someone could iindcrstaiid
me!" is a familiar quotation, ovcrniiich
parodicd and llurlcsqued these days,
when the discussion concerns women.
One cannot deny. of course, that the
f‘arody has its point. Everyone has
il"ill‘(l this unhappy plaint of Women
in love and out of love, women niarricli
and not yet married. women urcr~
worked and bored for lack of sonic-
‘llllll: llFt'flll to do, women, iii fact,
who have time to think about lil(‘lll-
"(‘lt‘CS-"(Illll what woman can not find
t'llll- for so absorbing an occupation?
’l‘llrit lonely woman nccds sonic-onl- to
understand her is the reason for the
rise and pros css of psycho-allalvsis.
it is the reason. also, that physicians
are so St‘lllfllll poor; for sympathetic
understanding of one's inner self is
lcar even when expensive.

Booth 'l'arkington comes gallalltly
'o the rescue of misunderstood fvini-
'llnty, boldly throwing the gauntlet
‘o psycho—alialyms. new thought. and
the present smug generation of family
V‘octors. i do not know ill What school
lnrknigton studied women, but the
prom that he has learned his lesson is
in the reading of “Women,” l. for
one hope he has locked the lahr ‘atory
-loor l)L‘l".ll(l llllll and closed his text—
books. i hire a nervous feeling that
he understands women far too well.
Ve ought to be allowed to keep a few
illus;ons about ourselves.

It isn't fair! Sonic elc cr woman
novelist might to stop thinking about
her Cilill'lltdlg sell long enough to
write a book entirely about men, just
by way ol polite retort. For the men
in Tarkingtoiis ‘Women" are quite
too absolutely perfect, and long—suffer—
lng, and meek. and noble. it isn't
fair.

Olga (i. ilainpcl,

4".

ox

 

