 

 

S'I‘A'I'E Cfll‘alililtilli} NEWS, FEBRUARY Ill, 1956

Page Three

 

DR. HOMER SPEAKS
ON LINOON’S FAITH
Former Dean Recently Vtstted
Scones Of Lincoln's Years
As Lawyer
LIFE HAD FOUR EPOCHS
llt'. I-ltu‘lau II. Horuer, former dean,
addressed both sections of the assembly.
li‘riday. |)r. lloruer's subject was "The
(ii-owing Faith of Abraham Lincoln.
llc divided Lincoln's life into periods,
as follows: The wonder of the child;
the metal of the youth; the mind of the
man; the soul of the president. ()n e' 7
of these periods, be elaborated, likening
the life of our ideal Anier' to the
gradual ripening of a harvest. “The
wonder of the cltihl. when a lot at his
tttolhcl"s knee was tanglu and guided into
the paths of faith by her wisdom and
his feet lirtnly lixcd oil the riqu road,
The child was tnade a titan when the
hand of death struck down her who had
been everything to him, and the first gre‘
sorrow, in the life of sorrow which
followed, be \Vllltt'ssetl at the graie ot
his mother."

The utetal of tile youth was proven
by his ttpwaril struggle against fate, his
self-education, and the triumph over the
greatest sorrow of his life. lIlt‘ death ot
.\nne Rutledge. The faces of '3‘) beamed
joyonsly when Ur. llorner completed his
sketch of the youth by saying tltat trout
the descriptions handed down to us by
foregoing generations, he was sure.
Lincoln, tlte ideal American. looked very
much like a freshman, I

llr. lloruer said ot his manhood.
"Although Lincoln was not a church
member. he was a firm believer in tlte
right, The sltblitne faith of the gtf‘USllIUlll
was shown in tltal lie more o ten con—
sulted (ind. than his cabinet, in thetrying
times through whirh the (ireat taptaiu
piloted our Ship of State., tltat Lincoln
was a miniature t'brist. a chosen earthly
messenger who lived in close Cttlll|tttlllllll-
ship with find, and that (iod and Lincoln
saved our nation in its gre.’ LNhL‘t'lw’ls'
when destruction seemed ttlL‘t‘tlItlde'
llr. lloruer did not apologize for linking
tlte name of the lleity with that of Lt”—
eoln, because of the great faith of the
man that enabled him to he led by the
band of God and to see the right, to
gain strength to carry on.

llr. llorner has recently visited several
places in Illinois, that figured importantly
in Lincoln‘s life and career. lie hail
lately stood on the spot where Lincoln
dismounted from his borrowed horse
with his license to practice law under
his arm and all his worldly possessions
in his saddlebags. He also visited the
place where Lincoln made his farewell
speech, at his departure for ('ontzl‘cF-H.
upon his election to the Senate. llr.
llorner said. “inst twenty-eight years
later the whole country was plunged into
its greatest mourning when Lincoln was
slain by the hand of the ' ‘ in. Dur-
ing his life such enemies as Sen' '.
(‘base and llouglas showed their greatest
devotion and respect to the man who
proved himself ‘A Man for the Ages.

litbel Ilullois led the
cheer for Dr. Hunter. I .
tended both chapel sessions Ill honor of
llr, Homer, and the ﬁrst section sang
the t'ollcge sung composed in his honor,

ORCHESTRA REHEARSALS

()rehestra rehearsals will he held
Thursday evening, February 17 aml
Tuesday, February 23 in the auditorium.

 

   

 

 

COLLEGE NEWS AT A GLANCE

’I‘be ('ICIIIHII) committee, at its meeting
.londay noon, ile tltat one week
if war against dirt ltail been only a
temporary victory. ltirt is secretly work-
ing its way back into the locker routns
and corridors. A definite method of
attack has been planned by tile committee.
The frosli will sweep and “pick up" the
locker Mondays, the sopho-
mores on 'l‘uesdavs, the juniors on Wed-

 

rointts ott

nesdays, and the seniors n!) 'I'hursdays.
The lliology t'lnb held its sleigliride
Saturday night. Miss Minnie ll. Scot-
land cliaperoned the party while llr.
tiertrnde IC. llouglas stayed behind as
rook._‘_/\fter a two—hour tour around
'  lto’logy

' ‘l

 

the city, the club returned to the
laboratory. where they had the r

 

 

ments prepared liy llr, ltouglas,

Mrs. Saitee lunuuanu entertained
\lpha Fpsilon l'ltl at a luncheon recently.

.liss renc Ilernian of Newhnrgli,
.pent the weekend at the Alpha lipsilon
I’bi house.

Alpha I‘Ipsilolt l’hi entertained the
un‘oi‘itim on campus at I bridge party
last Saturday afternoon in observance of
t'onrtesy llay.

 

Ii't'eneh t'lub will open its second seine-
ster with a program meeting, uiuler Miss
Maud Malcolm's direction, \\"eiluesday,
February .34, at four o'clock. Miss Mal-
colm will speak on “A Trip Along
'l'lii'ee (ireat Rivers of France and will
show lantern slides on a section of the
l.oire river. France, northern, central and
southern France. There will be con-
trasts in landscape and in provincial lite.
the rest ot the program will not he
announced Iit‘fl‘t'ﬁlllllt‘ttts and a socni
tune will he a part ot the entertainment
Non-uu-mbrrs as well as members, are
urged to attend.

 

After an address by .r\. \r\’. Itislcy,
head of the history department, in which
e described iihe campaign of 1778, r
ntltiitg in the defeat of llurgoyne's army
'uul indirectly in the support of France
tor the American colonies. the Society
of Engineers of Has-tern New Yor
recently adopted resolutions urgingr state
appropriation for the purchase of the
Saratopa battlefield;

Mr. I\'I"It‘)' itrtted the engineers to use
their influence in the campaign to pre-
serve historic places in the state.

llcleu ll. (base, '31. noiv a student
’11 the New York State Library School,
has been doinir practice work in catalog-
'mr at the l">II('"e library this week.

MID- WINTER CONCERT
COMING FEBRUARY 24

The big mid-winter concert under the
auspices of the Music association will
he held February 24 in the College audi-
torium. It will feature the Women's
t'borus and the Mixed (horns, Thyra
lieVier, '26, and Professor T. Frederick
H, Candlyn will give a two-piano selec-
tiou.

The next program of Music Club will
he held in March, Music Club has
scheduled Mi“ Myra lIess, a noted pian-
ist, for its spring concert to be held at
Chancellor's hall.

 

‘n

 

   

Inez M. George and lidna Spikes of
New I’altz Normal School were week“
end guests of Sara Itarkley. '27.

Minnie ('lreeuaway. eilitor~in-chief of
the 1026 l‘edagogue, and Caroline. Cole»
man, the business manager. have an-
uottuceil that the work on this year's
production is praclimlly completed ev-
run for the photography. The work is
very uiiiclt further advanced than at this
time last year, and the distribution of
copies of the l-‘rdagogtte is assured for
Moving—up llay.

Members of State College Alumnae
who vi ted (‘ollege over Lincoln's birth«
day are: lidna Craig, ’24. Mary F.
l’ierponl, '25, who teaches in ()ssiniug,
Marie Ii. Iiurgin, '25, who also. teaches
in l)ssiulng, llot Iloyt. '25, who teaches
in Schenectady. and Helen li‘. L'lohosy.
'l7, who has been teaching for four ye 
in the West New York. New Jersey
High School, also [’eg Uttdet‘Wood
attil (,‘arol 'l'raver.

Last Saturday, eight tttetubct's of
ti. A. A. tried the joys of mid<wintcr
hiking. \\'ith three pairs of skiis in the
crowd to say nothing of lint dogs, rolls,
and the requisite mustard, one may talk
of fun without being sa Sincere
thanks were voted to the weather man
who provided a mild day. Several likely
looking slopes on upper \\"1lsllitltl,litl|
.\vcnne were tried for their (‘ilttsllltg
possibilities but a ltill ottt in the sand
rt-g'iou afforded the most sport.

Mildred I.ans|:y, '2‘), led the hike.
(ltber members of the party were Mary
limit Langdon, Marion l'almer, jean
Amos, Ileruice Van Sickle, Aleriam Far-
nell, Jennie Jenkins, Kathleen Doughty.

 

 

'astic.

 

On Saturday afternoon, February 13,
; tea was held under the auspices- if
Newman Club at Newman hall, 7-ll Madi-
.on avenue. The hours were from l\
to five. The Newman hall girls headed
by losephine I'louley, '27. house president,
were the hostesses on this occasion. The
tea was the last public social affair to
be given at the hall before the holy sea-
son of Lent, which began Wednesiay.
February .

The ue\'t event scheduled for Newman
t‘luh is ' l' - and candy sale. This salue
is an annual event and ' as much a
part of State College activities as of
Newman traditions“ The dc will take
place on March 17, Saint Patrick's Day,
atul will be colultlcted in the lower hall
of the administration building.

SENIORS AND JUNIORS
TO DEBATE IN CHAPEL

Miss Susan Johnson, of the National
Red Cross, will address the student as-
sentny in a week or two. Today, the

N

<

 

 

P

 

   

scnionjunior debate will take place. The
subject will be “Resolved, That Congress
Should Accept the ‘McNary-Hangar bill.
The afﬁrmative will be upheld by the
seniors. Senior speakers include. Man
guerite Leishman, Helen Ii. Elliott, Isa.-
belle Plutle, and Hazel Benjamin, alter-
nate; juniors, Constance Baumann, Julia
‘ay, Marcella Street, and Margaret Pru-
cost and Ruth Colburn, alternates.
There will be a mass assembly because

 

 

of the debating.

APPROPRIATIONS TO
BE GORORR-TERTH

Finance Beard Threatens To
Publish Names 0! Thou
Not Paying

STILL COLLECTING TAX

According to later fig compiled by
the finance board. it is necessary at the
present time to cut all :umrtmrialions
ten per cent, of the accepted budget
which totaled $ll,l-i(l3, only $|tl,7l2 has
been collected. On this basis, cutting
the amounts allotted, the News will
receive only $2,250 of the $2,500. Music.
(.‘liih and ltramaties and Art t'ouueil
will both be ctit $95 of the $950 appro<
priatiou, aiul the basketball budget will
he cut to $|,25ll.

The finance board is still collecting
axes and an effort will he made to
t‘tiIIt't'l one half of the tax from those
students who are entering tor second
semester. More severe methods to en»
force payment may have to be resorted
to if an excuse for min-payuu-ut Is not
given.

"\\'e are pushing the matter because we
feel that it is only fair to those who
have paid, to collect tax frqu the others
of the student body," said l\'ltllt .\lc.\'utt
if the linanee board. “\\'e will ilo all we
can to try to collect the tax before the
names are published " she declared.

RUSSELL SAGE PLAYS
VARSITY ON SATURDAY

Next Saturday. State's vars'ity will
meet that of Russell Sage in the animal
gtltltc on the home court. Russell Sage
will travel to Albany one hundred per
cent strong. \\'lu,-ther the.» are greeted
by an adequate representation for State
depends upon you! tussell Sagc's
cheers will he peppy, spontaneous and
strong 'I'o compete, cheer and song prac-
tices 'L scheduled for the coming week.
The rumored |)ttllois-'|‘o|iipkii ‘wett-
tnann combination is surely sixth lt'ttl iii-
ducement for attendance. The remainder
if the lineup can not yet be announced.

 

 

 

 

  

 

[\uother alumnae game is coming March
-0.

HANDBOOKS AVAILABLE

All freshmen and entering students
who have not received a fre..hman halid—
book, are urged to inform Katharine
Iilenis. '27, editor.

 

CALENDAR

To ay
8:00 P. M. State vs, Cortland
Normal—Gym
Tuesday, February 23
3:00 P. M. Y. \V. C. A. Meeting
—Rooin ll.
Wednesday, February 24

4:00 P. M. French tflub.
3:l5 I’. M. Mid—winter Concert—
Auditorium.

Friday, February 26
3 :00 I‘. A . Chemistry Club—Room
8:00 P. M. Rochester
Optometry—Gym.
aturday, February 27
2:00 P. M. State vs. Russell Sage
—(‘.ym.
8:00 I". M. State Frosh v5. Union
Ii‘rosh—Gym,
Sunday, February 28
4:30 I". M. Y. W. C. A. Vespers

~Ix’ otuuila.

State vs.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

