Stat-e, College News
‘ Esrflpvgtil".n‘iiv rupjxtimss or 1918

» 'l‘lie Undcrgraduntc Newspaper of New York

 State College for ’l‘gnchern

THE NEWS BQARD
Euwm VAN Kw:cr<................
‘ -'. ._. * Kappa Delta Rho House, West ‘
HELENZIMMERMANH ...................I3inioies.r Manager
- »  858 Madison Avenue, West tutti-[t ‘ I
VIRGIMA, Blooms. . . . .. .. . . .. . . . . .. [mugging Editor
_, , ._ arc Waaitlngt Avanup. west 2000- I _
SARA BthLEV................./l.tsactttlc Managing Editor
'  9 50. Lake Avenue; West 1695- .
THBLMA Trauma. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..Siib.itri/vlian Mmmgcr
l'si Grimmii House, Wcst 2752
Associarc iint'roits
KATHARINE lliaiNts, '27 man WW. '27
THEM“ L. llRElEE, '27 l‘ttll‘lll. l). (limit. '27
Jordan /\5$UC’¢\Tl‘i liiii'romi
domains l'lDMJS'rEI, ' Lina VAN Sodium. '28
Many Juoirn LANDDON. '23 l)t)lt)'i‘li\' Warm. '28
llnrourims

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

.‘s‘vvmu

Rimi ll. McNur-r, ’27 . Rose DIANSKV, ‘29

KENT Pussy, '28 \t'iuJ/iat i\l. l'ltlLNCII, '29
Manoaum l'novosr. '27 . .\loi.i.ir. KAUFMAN, '29
[lint-rim ZAJAN. '27 . .\l\v KIHVE‘J, ’2'!

Lil/iii Coiisu, ’28 ‘ mutter. Kmart. ’29
KATHLEEN Douoitrr, '28
Rurii FLANAGAN, ’28
Minoan-Glut, '23
[turn G. Moon, '28

 

(finomnr. SCHIJ’JCII, ’29
Counties liaitstow, '29 ' it "'tli'l‘ I. SlllLLlNGLAW, '29
\‘Ei’tA iiul.l.r. Wanton, '29
Amour/tar Business MANAocns
lotion-ii: ll/iuomn, ‘27
’l‘notuts l'. FALLUN, '29 Anne lionnovo, '28
[bums E. (inirriN, ’23 Milanlrlo LANRLE‘I, '29
‘ Kariiniuur. Euro", '28
Row KELLEV. Assistant ﬁttliscription Manager
Ilﬂ. HMUH’ \V. l-Ias'rmos. ll‘ac'm/rr itovtsi-iit
SAM ll RKH'ZY. Director of NewMVi-itiiiu Class
, ’ \Vit.t.tA.\i M. Facucrt, Ill-18K l‘llJl’l‘Oll “
'l‘ii,iii,st.\ L. lilo: ., i're.i cut. News Club; lltnttrl‘liY War-rs, VICC-
' i'rcsidcn, i\lii.uitsn Linsinv, Sucretaryl'l‘rcasiircr

iriuth L. flatten,

 

 

l’ublislicd every Friday in the college your by the Editorial lloard
representing the ‘ Association. Suhscrlplion, $3.th per
your, single copies, ten cents llclivcred anywhere in the United
i-itatcs. [natured as second it matter at pustuillcr, Albany. N.

  

 

’l‘hc«.\'c\vs docs not ncccssurily endorse scnliincnts Cxllrt'bst‘ld in
cmltrlbtltlons. Nu communications will he prllltctl unless the writers”
natnesnfc left with the litlitor-in-Cliief of the Nuns-i. .\nonymity
will be preserved if so desired.

 

Pius-rat: ilv .\iti.i.s Am- i‘tisss, wry-390 llrnadway

Monday October 4, 1926 Vol. .\'l. No. 3

 

TEN YEARS OLD

Ten years is not a long time in the life of a man or of
a newspaper. And so on this, its tenth birthday anniver-
sary, the NEWS can claim neither a large amount of aged
tradition nor a great stock of hoary wisdom.

lint a tenth birthday is nevertheless an occasion for re-
joicing. Mortality rates are lower after it, and so the
NEWS can anticipate a second decade of happy. healthy
growth. The man-child or the fledgling newspaper has
reached a stage where it is truly an individual, recognized
stich by its fellows. The NEWS has made a place for
isclf’ in thc liic of State Colic-go, a place vshich happily
seems to have grown larger as the years have passed, That
place and that influence, it is to be hoped, the NEWS may
in future years cxpand still more, that thc papcr may work
with increasing devotion and energy for the best interests
of the college.

 

THE NEWS’ HISTORY

To honor its tcnth birthday and to fittineg sct forth its
history, the vas has published this special birthday iium~
her. in it are printed also some of the incssatzes of grcct—
ing which the paper has received in recognition of the
occasion.

No story of the STATE COLL \‘izws can be complete
which does not rccounizc the contributions of the news-
papcr's founders. The name of Alfred Dedickc, '18, will
ah'ays be inseparany associated with the establishment
of the NEWS. lchicke it was who While still a sophomore
conceived the need and opportunity for a student paper.
it was he who convinced the student body of that need.
it was he who became its ﬁrst editor. And it was he who
laid down, on October 14, 19l6, in the ﬁrst editorial of
Volume one, Number one, that policy of service to State
College to which the NEWS has clung through the years.

If a second name were to be singled out, it would be that
of President Brubachcr. In the establishment of the col-
lege paper as in the initiation of a surprisingly large num-
ber of other worthwhile movements, the name of the presi-
dent looms largc. As have all other good causes in his
twelve years here. the infant newspaper received his full
approval and support. The Niaws, however, is a student
publication and in no sense has ever been an organ domi-
nated by faculty or other agencies As the mirror and
spokesman of the undergraduate body it has anti will main-
tain its obligation to free from control of any kind, except
still] as is dictated by decency and good taste.

lint under the broad-minded and fair administration of
the College, no such attempt at dictation has ever been made.
Differences of opinion between the NEWS and the College

   

.. i . . .Edilnr-in-Chi'ef‘ '
4.1M

 

 

scam ooeron'nnws, coconut: 4, one

To a continuation of this editorial policy the ans
pledges its best efforts for this ycarand invites the co-
operation of all. I , I

W In its news policy the paperywillcontiiiuc to relate Col-
lcg'c affairs without prejudi or favor, in accérdaiice with
‘ the best standards of journalistic method attainable by its
staff. l’rbmptncss, accu‘uéy and fairness will be as al-
ways the newspaper's ideals. Correct evaluation and pro-
portioiiiucnt of material will he attempted. The student
forum will be open for publication of all sincere communi-
cations. , . ' i . .

TODAY AND THE FUTURE

I A more complete coverage of College news, with ade-
quate illustration, it is hoped. will be made possible by the
present size paper, which contains sixty per cent mut‘c c014
iimn~iiiches than have those of-tlie last nine years. All
enlarged staff, more carefully trained through the Naws'
own reporting class, will aid in the realization of the ideal
of a readable paper: _

Not only the News staff, it is felt, but the student body
generally will welcome the assurance that adequate quar-
ters for the publication will be provided in the new build—
ing,

The Nuws takes this opportunity to explain again the
fact that the larger paper will cost the student association
about $400 per year, an increase of about eighteen per cent,
or less than one per cent per student per issue.

in conclusion the NEWS again asks student and faculty
support and cit-operation. Lloitstaictivc suggestions ior zin-
provcnicnts will be neicomed. All criticisms Will be carc<
fully considered if brought before the editors.

 

 

ANOTHER BIRTHDAY

On this, its tenth birthday, the STATE Colman; Nun's cx-
tcilds hearty congratulations to The Unicordcnsis, under-
graduate itewspapcr of Union colicgc, bclienectady. The
papr unicoroicusis is observing its golden jubilee ‘ iiivcr-
.stiry this your. llciuiilcbi the Loiicortlciifs' filly y s, the
lyi-zws' tcn seem small indeed. The N s wishes another
half century of successful growth to its neighbor. ilappy
birthdayl

 

   
 

COLLEGE AND CASH
“llcaii livcrctt W. Lord of the college of business admini-
stratnni, iiostoli tinivcl‘.~ity, is given as authority for the
statement that the cash value ol a college education is

 

 

$10,000. i-li‘s estinuite * arrived at folloWing an inquiry
into the lllt'l tscd earning capacity of graduates of that
university. ‘lhc iieurc given agrees, generally speaking,

with others offered by other investigators into the subject.

"Ucan Lord docs not say so, and we should be the last
to suggest that such it thing was in his mind, but the popli-
lar reaction to such an cstunalc is likely to bc solcly from
the standing of dollars and cents. The parents who may
be hesitating whether to send their son or daughter to
college next fall, and who are interested cliielly in the
ccoiioiitlc side- of education, are likely to be swayed in
favor of hip-her education by the hire of $70,000 additional
for lolinny's future, thanks to the eventual possession of
a college (lcgrcc. And if that is the wily bait that will
attract some young hopefuls to college, we are for it,
trusting to luck that in spite of their search for the pot
of gold at the end of the college rainbow, they will get
something else for their soul's good.

"The collcgc graduate who goes out into the world,
innit only on seeing how much money he can make, has
lllllc claim to being an educated man; rather he is simply
a trained motley grubbcr. Material estimates to the con—
trary initivithstaiidiiig, the real value of all education will
continue to be inoasurcd by how much the college graduate
helps to raise the general average of life, by how much
of a sense of public service he has, by how much more
tolerant and broad-minded he is and by how much more
he has to give the world, rather than by how much more
he can takc from it, than if he had not gone to college.
When his race ﬁnally is run he is much more likely to be
remembered for what he was and what he did than for
how mitch money he made. A college education that can
be measured only by the salary yardstick is not worth
much to a world that is looking for better things of the
college men and women."

I DYNAMITING IDEAS
(Professor Davis, in the New Student)

“The past ten years have seen thc culmination of move-
inciits which have battered the cement of the existing
snciai ordcr, drenched the world in blood, anti bui‘iicd tip
more of our life and trcasurc than ever before in history.
Unfortunately, the campus world sails serenely on without
realizing that we are living in an era fiiiuiamently different
from that of 1914. The college is a world of dualism:
on one side there are books and study; on the other, far
more powerful, is the life of every day—fraternities, ath-
letics, and social events. As a result, some have mistakenly
ans 'crcd the question, ‘What (lo we mean by collcgc-hrcd?‘
by the reply ‘A iour ycars' loaf.’ no reason why classes
are often so uninterestingr is that we have no way to put
our theorius to the test in collcgl: and consequently the
theories sccm unreal. They are. not related to life. l'lclicc
there is a dualism between the things we actually experi-
cncc and do. as in athletics and fraternities, and the
things we only talk or read about, as in the class-room.

“After all how ‘ridlculous it is that practical courses

umrn "m n...

 

 

 

News Is Making College H
Dean Says, Recalling E
. .. ' have douth
great dcaij’o
bridge” sii‘ict
ted States l1:
war and has
to hclicvc,
again, as we
unto It self
i

 

The you lg
proudly out
loge auditori

the lcss cit
Slate l'illlcgi
hosts of diet
as lhis splci
lilt' honor of
burn men it
ni wings a
iony‘cr ail ii
spaces of an
and stripes l
othcr day a
nine .’\Ill(‘.l'li
English chati
Closer to
home waters
under the hi
out the liin
turns the clot
familiar odor
from the has
with the gasi
l'u'y and lit:
'l‘hv ll‘(!<lilll(‘i
pundit-rs, lli
thitir loyalty
but. The ll“
ill'VL'l‘ lailiiv:
of the ('iilliltzi
(loviltinii sot i
lion of ii iii

 

lltt. [[AllIu‘N H. l'llIItNl-th

('I'Iic. fill/owing birl/iiliiy noun
.uigi' lo i/ii‘ Nicws but [turn rc-
crit'i'il from /)r. Harlan II. Hm"
lll'l', forllti'l' iliriili, now [inlil .vci'rc—
(out of [[115 .v/tilt.‘ {cur/man usrurhn
lion.)

Dunn S'ra'rt‘, Common Nun's:

Win-ii it was my good fortune to go
to State College as dual! in September,
|‘)l7, you were then a lllt'l‘C babe in arms
lust approaching your ﬁrst birthday.
Your voice was thin and \vcak and at
times, especially lJCtWCt‘ll classus, it
could hardly be heard above the din of
the corridors. Your wait liltlc face was
now and again palhvtlc in its appeal.
Your imperfect digestion of thc proteids
and carbohydrath of college life was
often the despair of thc scholastic dot:-
tui‘s who wci‘c called iii to Iool: at your
tonguc and count your iiitoi‘initli'nt illltl
Wobbly pulse, 'l'ltcrc \vcrc not:er \\'lll‘l|
the ink oozed reluctantly from the pens come!
of aspiring and pcrspiriiig trililors and of an
reporters and mom: than once it sccmcd
as if your frail constitution \vonid iioi
survive the strain of your trying baby-
hood.

There was about you unmistakably all
the time, however, a dclvriniliatioii the
nld-iashioncd writers called “griin;" a
CUIII‘FL‘tt called “resoliitc;” an industry
railed “indefatigable,” an energy callt'il
“rcstlcss‘.” and a purpose to um Cillll‘ll
“heroic.” it is a great joy upon your
lunlli birthday to discover that you have
survived your babyhond, livcd through
the stress and strain of all the above-
incntioiicd zuljcctlvcs, cncoiiiitcred hrnvc-
ly the inc'. .‘ and mumps and croup and
chicken pox which assall :ill infant
newspapers and have at length emerged
at ten years of age a fttll grown col-
icgc paper, respected at home, applauded
by your neighbors and established sc-
cttrcly iii the world of the printers dcvil,
tho scissors. thc paste pot and the
smudge of ink.

/\s the saying goes, and your editors

Thing
outsidt
very happily.
a quiet Stinil
puss wanders
used to do a
Mint-rva \\'ll(‘r
Your ways
opportunities
rich it in irlnri
You \lillltl lot
with what i':
vard once it
r:ithcr titan t
are helping ti
institution that
state for mom
quality of the
crows your b;
you may not f
friend, a sort
congratulate yt
to wish for yo
students you r
niiiess in all y
Sincere

 

 

 

College Papers Become Inﬂut
As Convenience, Editor

staiulardization.
ism has assumc
the iach scale
linguisth othct

lir EDWIN Van KLFZCK.

American journalism, professional and
colic late, is on the move.

Never before in the history of news-
paper production have so striking lcn-
ilt-ncies toward chan're hccn cvidcilt.
Other periods have more marked
movements in professional newspapers.
l'crhaps lhci'c have also been more vital
cras in the story of college journalism.
lint it is doubtful if in any other dccadc
both ainzttcur and pri'lfcssional practice
have shown such so distinct trends to-
ward as tlcﬁnitc goals.

 

fcctivc in new
production of .‘l‘
measure of ciTu
dividends prodti

liven more r
ism has stccrcd
tcllcctual dovclot
last few years;
tivo or llil‘t't.‘ or

 

 

 

, ill ' S 'l\'l 'l'l
Flicse trends are two, for the college "U hf L A"

