 

 

 

State College News

NEW YORK STATE COLLEGE FOR TEACHERS

@foy no. 27 

iiiiiiiiiis AND iiiiiiii
APPEAWAGEANT

Poll Sci To Present "America
Triumphant" by Macknyo
This Ev'cnlng

PART OF MOTHERS' WEEK

"America 'l‘riiiniphant." an historical
pageant by Constance D'Arcy Mackay.
will he stag'ed liy the Political Science
eliih tonight in the auditorium. Dancing
will follow in the gym.

The pageant is in conjunction with
Mother's and Daiighters' weekend which
is annually celebrated by the three re-
ligious clubs of tlie eolle:e. .\‘ewman
Y. W. (I. .r'\. and Menorah.

The pageant. which will be staged
especially for the entertainment of the
mothers. is to celebrate the signing of
the Declaration of Independence. l77o.
and the purchase of Manhattan from the
liidiaiis. 1026. Its scenes are laid in
New Amsterdam. Mount Vernon, and
l‘liiladelphia, and include singing autl
dancing reviews. Twenty pielted nietn-
hers of the women's cliorns will form
the pageant chorii. and have been trained
by 'l‘. Frederick H, t‘andlyii. The
dances will he liidiaii numbers, wooden

 

  
 

 

shoe daiiees. and the minnct. t\’ sa—
belle .Iohnston is in charge of tiaining
the dancers. and Miss Ag ( l’ntterer is

   

supervising- the directing of ti . acto

The cast follows: Lillian liexler.
jtetty \Vy , Mildred Graves. Marcella
Street, Mary Merchant. Elva .loehnnr
sen. Julia l’ay, (icorgia De Al‘tt’lx't'l'
Helen ’lTonipkins. Marjorie SUC"CI". Ruth
Lemmle. Nettie Gilbert. Ethel l’hil’lois.
Mary Rlieiii, Agnes l-l'olleran. Marjorie
Yonngs. Olla (iowey. [sahclle f’lnde.
Anne Steidingcr, liudora Lanipinaii. and
Marion (flieesehorougli.

Committee chairmen are: music. Mary
Rhein; dancing, liertha ' ; stage di-
rector, Vlarion O'Connor; stane setting
Helen Zimmerman; properties. Sara
tarkley; house, [azel lleiijamin; ad-
vertising. Thelma Brezee. Louise (iinin
is general chairman. and Kenneth Mac-
Farlaiid is secrctarydreasnrer.

PURCHASER MA Y HA VE
SILVER NAME PLACED
ON PEDAGOGUE COVER

“The lolfi l'ed'wogne will appear dur-
ing the week of \lay ill." Minnie (ireeii—
at y. '20. editor~in-t‘liief. said Monday.
“The material is at the printer's." ' s
(ireenaway continued. “and delivery
nithiii two weeks is certain. This
year's l‘ed will he the biggest ever. har-
ing' 260 pages.

The cover of the i’eilagogue will be
blue. with the name of the l)|t('k iii lnir»
nished silver. carrying out as nearly as
possible the class colors, hliie and white
A special feature of this cover is that
by the payment of fifty cents estra the
name of the owner may be placed on it
in silver. This will he done after the

 

 

  

 

   

general distribution of l’erlagogiics,

 

 

 

 

 

AND CAKE 0N MAY DAY

May Day. ('2. A. A.'s day of the spring

At 2:30 a

 

s. on, tomorrow. May 1.

track meet will be held on campus under

the general direction of Dorothy Laslier,
'28. The events consist of 50-yard dash,
hurdling, relay race, basketball throw,
standing hroad jump. running broad
jump, and rn'i'iin; Iii-:li jump.

At 7:30. the gymnasium classes will
give an exhibit on the campus. All
those taking part must report at 7:00.

immediately after. a strawberry fee
tiral will he held in the gym. liaclt rl .
will have a hootli and tables. The menu
will consist of:

Ice cream and cake . . . . . . . . . .  $.10
, -rries ainl rake. . .
whipped main and

 

 

      

      
 

 

. . , . . . . , . . , . . . . . . . . . . l.'

Ice cream. .trawberi and cak. . .H
Ice cream. whipped rream, straw-

berries and cake... ... ... .20

5, ra cake .  .05

ice cream cone, , . . .05

Mildred lawman gent a] chairman of

 

May Day. ller . s ants on the gen-
-i"l committee are Anne Raynor, (ier-
tritde Swi-ttnian. Dorothy Laslier, Mil-
dred Lansley. ainl I’l Harrison.
"in- other committe . decorations,
Louise \\'ard. chairman. Florence l‘ottcr,
.\l ry llarl; inns . Dorothy Rowland.
l:lia'rman. llarh' Andrews. Louise
Mathewson; waitresses. Mildred Mel—
"Hsu. chairman. Maigarct Doughty.
\-folly Neville. Florence Cook: pithlicity,
Kathleen Doughty.

 

 
   
   

 

 

$3.00 per year

 

 

casr mi “iiiii. PIM”
BEGINS REHEARSALS

Rehearsals are underway for the big
play of the year. “Mr. Pim Passes By
promises to become a finished and pol-
islied production peppered with delightful
ashes of wit and made charming by a
llarric-like humor. according to the stu«
dent committee.

’ ie character of Olivia played by Isa-
belle l’lude is the chief one. It touches
the play with a delicacy of humor and a
whinisieality of expression. (ieorge,
played by DcWitt Zeh. offers an inter—
esting contrast to Olir' in his tniconi-
promising conservatii‘eness while the
down r-like, conventional Lady Mardcn
(litliel liislatld). is a foil to the saucy
and rebellions Dinah (Marion O'Con—
nor), and the tiiiconrcntional llrian
(lidwin Van Kleeck), who paints “pur-
ple rows." The delightful humor of
Mr. l’ini (Niles Haight), the absent-
mindcd, the shy and retiring. can only
he :ippre ed by those who will see the
play, it is said.

SPANISH CARNIVAL TO
HAVE FACULTY STUNT

Spanish ('arniral. to be held May 14
will. this year, eatnre a stunt by both
the men and women of the faculty. under
the d'rection of Miss Mary ('iralin of the
English ilepartmer. The stunts and n
play wi take place in the auditorium
after the annual dinner in the cafeteria
(iertrude lynch, president of the club,
is general chairman of the carnival.

  

 

7:
,.

   

 

 

Adoption of Standard College Point System Suggested
At Conference Attended by Two State College Delegate:

Lorena Shaffer and (icorgianna Maar
attended, . delegates from the State
t'olle'ec (iirls‘ Athletic association, the
[Eastern Section of the Athletic Confer-
ence of American College \'V|')l'liCl1, held
at \\’ellesley college. April lo. 17, 18.

The first meeting- was a series of
speeches on the past and present . thlctic
Conferences of American College
Women.

At the discussion held Friday after~
noon at Shakespeare. the more pr;
tical problems were taken up. M
Applehy. an linglishwoman who l)l_
nated field ho in this ronntry. spoke
of the responsibility of college women.
not only in keeping their own love of
games. but in imparting it to others.

'1:

 

    

 

 

 

'lhe furthering of interest in sports
J stihes the existence of the Athletir
’Siit‘ltllltiti, according to Miss \ h.

   

litirn of Randolph .\lacoii, who read a
paper on the function and purpose of
the collcae athletic association. She
felt that the iillt‘t't'~|‘ of the larcest pos»
sible niinibi-r rather limit the few skilled
should at all times be considered, and a
spirit of sportsmanship engendered as a
preparation for life. Various questions
were lil‘lllt"lil Il‘i as to how this end
should he brought aliotit.

The discussions held Saturday. .-\pril
l7, ollii'ially closed the conference. \
paper was re'Id by the (lonelier t'ollege
repri eiitatire on awards and honors.
.\pple‘w was asked why the line-
cotild di'fc‘it the lrisli llorlir)

 

Iisli

 

to one, when American
teams were not often able to score
against them. Miss Applehy replied that
she thought our very trouble was in tale
inr athletics too seriously. Sports are
affairs. not lights. For tli s re'
she sees no reason in stirring up class
feeling and competition for
This arouses interest rather than enjoy-
ment. and games are primarily to be en-

players ten

  
 

   

:5

joyetl. not won. She stigeested more
teams and tournaments rather than
kecner competition.

An enlieliteiiinu paper on Outing

Clubs was submitted by the Smith tfol-
leo‘c retire. ntatire. Two different rr-
lations between A. .\. and (lining ("liih
may ex' ' ()tilillg l'lnb coming directly
under .\. A. or being wholly independent.

The findings of the conference are
compactly put in the resolutions adopted
at the recommeiidatiiin of the committee
on resolutions. of which \'ii' inia \\'e
ing'ton was chairman. The first is that a
budget system is most satisfactory. he-
cansc it insures sufficient funds for col-

   

 

loge nrganiv tions. including women's
athletic as.mations. which have an

 

especially hard time in die co»ediic:itioiial
collegex The Conference resoli‘ei
oinlly that each rollcee adopt lllt igan.
"linn for all. and all for ftiii l" Sllg‘w‘ﬁlt‘tl
hy llarnard college. and ﬁnally that a
standard point s in h‘ adopted hy all
colleges having dithctilties over transfer
cure, and made optional for all others.

 

 

r:

points. '

 

 

STUDENT BODY AND
GLASSES NOMINATE'

Five Juniors a re Candidates
For Student Association
President:

PROF. HIDLEY UNOPPOSED
The live juniors nominated at the stu-
dent assembly last liriday for the presi-
dency of the student assoriatioii ar
Ruth I'Impie, I-Iiitlora Lanipinaii. Hertha
£ajan, Louise liltliil, and I'Ithel lltlllois.
lth'CtiI‘tItS will be held on May 7.

Other nominees for association offices
are: for i'iee-pi‘esidciit’, l‘I‘ilIiL‘la l'l.
(:rllllti, Jeanette \\’aldhil|ig, l-'loren :
lotter. Ruth Lane, i\largarct Stonlrn—
berg, and tioldenil 'lills
drett Laiisley. l'Iielyn
Welcb. and Mary llar
am of the student li
lessor  1 . llidley.
‘ lllC‘jlllliUl‘ class made these litiililllfl‘
tioiis tor  caders: for
president. a Silt. , llllitl l"a\'
I'll‘dil Sarr. Melanie tirant. aiid .\lildretl
(,irai'e i'ire-pi'esiilenr. tfonstaiiee llau-
iiiaiiii. argaret l'abst. Ruth II. MeNnn.
and It inces lliickley; secretary. tieorei<
anna Maar. Myra Hartman. iii-rti'n
Swetlnian. lit-lea Dorn and Sara liar
ey; [or treasurer. Ann Steidniger. .\ll‘ .
I-lartmann, and iivelyn liid‘ll'; l'|f|t.il'lt‘l',
Louise D. tiiiiiii, bara it; Ittey, Raili-
urine ltlenis; cheer leader, (iertrnde
.5.\\’L‘lllllltllli, Helen ’l‘ompliins, and
'l lieluia 'J‘emple; cl' ong leader. Rnih
Lcnniile and Alma e; cheer lead< ..
Ethel Dnliois and Gertrude Swettiiian
college song leader. Melanie tirant, Rin i
Leiniule. i\'lareella Street, and Alm'i
Falle; member of finance board (two),
Katherine Tanne Ruth i\|c.\'iitt, Riiili
toe. and Jane Green; ineiiihers of the
Girls’ Athletic council, Helen 'l‘onipkini,
(icorgianua Maar. and Mary Neiille;
class manager of girls' athletics, lit'l"
trnile Swettniann. (lei-reianna .\I' '

 

 

   

  

luleanor
icnlly meni-
nice hoard, l'ro-

     

   

 

 

   

   

  

 

    

' . manager of men's athletics, \\'il—
liam J. t'larlc; class representative on
the Men's .\llllt'lii. council, Rt inald
Dixon. There are six nominee»; f ,~
editorship of the l'edagoetie. sl' tor \‘ r L!’
hoolv Kent l'ease, Ruth .\ .' i

.n
u.

 

   

 

  

stance laiiniann.
lui‘elyn fiddle. and \
bnsn *ss

\\'iii.lrcd iliiimfyiiul‘lilda Sirr. laiiet ‘i\l\\.

and Mary Neville. I

G. A. A. NOMINA TES AT
ITS HOLLYWOOD PARTY

.\'ominatioiis for (i. A. .\. ofticers for
next year were made at llle Hollywood
\' i l

   

party in the gym Saturday n c.
Tliey follow: president. licorgiainia
Maai‘. l'itliel Dullois; \‘it'c~|ii‘csi(leiit
l’K‘l'lllll Zajan. (iertriide Swettinann:

lleli'ii 'l‘oinpltins; secretary. Alice ling-
hain. Mildred l.aiisley, L'aroliiic Sclileieh;
treasurer, Kathleen Doughty. Dorothy
Lasher, l.eali t'ohen, and Doi‘otliy Ron:
land; cheer leader. Alice Seegar. tar-
bara .\ndrews, Anne Mosher.

 

 

