 

State College News

~_  N979 7-  

FAY, DRAMA so,
T0 “MARCH 4

Ctvll War Thriller And Comedy
Planned By Advanced
Drama Ctass

MlLNE MUSICIANS TO AID

Julia Way. '27, whose remarkable
t'ltar:u:lcriz.'ttion of "Watteau" in “The
Shoes 'l'hat Ilancetl” for tlte elementary
dramatic; .' last month has been
called the Work done by a student—
actor this year, will play the title role
in one of the two one-art plays to be
presented by the advanced tlramntics
class 'l‘hursday evening, March 4, in the
rolletc auditorium. Miss bay has been
chosen to interpret a part which is said
to tax her talents even more greatly tltau

V0!

   

 

n

   

 

did that of the lireneh artist in the
fauna ‘y. The drama is a tragedy
of the t V” War, and with the exception
It  s role, all the parts are

 

played by men,

5' Niles llaiuht, president of the
senior class, Alexander t‘oopcr, Richard
1\ lensen. student aseociation secretary,
:t'-<l lte\\'itt (I. '/.eh will support Miss
tray, lioth Mr, llaieht atnl Mr. tinoper
playerl in “littnry liree' this January and
b‘vlh have been MCI] in numerous other
p‘eys. lensen has also frequently ap-
pc.tretl in plays this year and last. Zch

his to lth Ct'Ctltl the role of “Lord
I in It ' A ' t '.
\\ tndcrmerc '1 ‘ Lady thtlettnere 5.
Fan," tltc ' I male role In “lce~

 

lnnud." and par s itt almost a score. of
rthcr play». He will interpret tlte part
played by Glenn Hunter in the nritziual
pr niltL‘tiott by the Washington Square
players and in two revivals by that group.
The play has also been given by the
Harvard llramatir Society and by the
('h'trlata'ts, the theatrical organization
at Hamilton ('olie e. It will be directed
by litlwin \'au Kleeck.

The same cttztintz another one~act
play. a comedy will be presented under
direction of l‘lClL"I Quackcnhush. '26.
The cast of this is’lmint,r rehearsed also
this week '

'l‘ho .\lih‘e High Schoob orchestra,
under the direction of Mary lx'hein. will
furnish a Il‘tll~'i al pro' ram preceding the
plat (‘onunittees for them were ap-
p intetl this week as follows: mustc.
.‘liss lx‘heio; house and clean—up. lithel
iii laud. chairman; l'lL‘lt“t lilliott. Anne
litit‘f: lighting and publicity, Marion
(‘tlitt‘ktmbttdh Costumes, Ulla GoeweyY
ltena Itelyea and (icortzia lchoclt-er',
make up. \"ivian Hart; for Miss Quack-
twbush's play: stage set. Mary Flantgau,
chairman; Isabelle l’lnde, I‘lexauder
t'ooncr: props, Mary Nolan (ieoruia
l)e;\ :lcer. Iidna liitzueridd; for an
Kit-ct ' play: stave set. Marion O’Con-
nor. chairman; Anne Koﬂ‘. Mary lilani—
min: props, Rena ltelyea, chan'trtan.
Lucille llarber, Edna Fitzgerald,

CORTLAND HERE TONIGHT

'l‘he varsity basketball team will

play at eight o‘clock In the gym to-
night against Cortland Normal School.

 
  

' but

NEW YORK STATE COLLEGE FOR TEACHERS

 it'ptli‘oi‘n.  Eats}; one it? 19.1 
natic And Art Association’s CounciIArranges
For Lecture In Albany Next Month By Plowman

 

d. ”
emmam
(194/59

 

gum (AA/E

       

 4, pmA/E“ 0454 4- AWN/DEL . lé/VES’E- FHITEEER

Courtesy All). Eve. News

is its secretary. Miss Lane, ’28, is
tr -asurer. Other class representatives
are: Miss Hampel, '26. editor of the
Quarterly; Miss Harrison, '27. and
Miss Jones, '28.

The Council earlier in the year pre-
sented jean (iros' Marionetles, Other

(it-«tree \\’. Plowman, well known
-ctnr.-r will be presented in Albany
early next month by the Dramatic
and Art association, its Council an-
nounced today. in a lecture on art.
Miss Vinnie-an. '26. is president of
the council this year and Miss Grant.

 

P . v . . .'. ’ .' ‘ ’
.27. .studtnt tlhtltltllltill nee-president! events wtll be arranged.

 

 

PRESIDENT SPEAKS?
0N ottoman

"Can Contlnuatty Ltnk Pedagogy
Of Present To Teaching
Of Future"

TEACHING IS PROFESSION
In a recent address to the faculty,

t‘rt-t‘ident x\. It. llruhaehet' explained the
way in which State (follctzc attempts to
carry out its aint. a professional trailo
on for llieh School teacher
State litluention." in pr
“It: “‘0 Illlth‘ was, "it is the. clcartwt
statement we lh'ltL' ever seen of tho
pt-rttliat' function of a college for liltle
.r‘ltlml teachers. l’rt-sident l’trubarln'r
has :trcontplisIn-d the impossible at the
{late t'ollt'ec~~;t liberal arts course lt-arl-
no: fairlv and honestly to the t' .totnary
hitchelot. degree atnl at the same llllll"
directly attd adequately to the high school’
t‘llt}.£t'ttllllt.” The President lirst justi~
lied the claim of tearhiup,‘ to the name
of a profession, and then explained Sta'e
t‘olleue as a professional college. llt'
stilt]:

“The claim that teaching is a I)l‘t)lt"w‘
sin” is based on the proposition that
there is a clearly defined hotly of knowl-
edge and an accompanyng hotly of special
skills which are indispensable to the suc—
t’t'SSfttl practitioner. ' have irt'e

ng educati
‘Nt-u' ’orlt

   

7.

 
   

 

 

 

\'e
vocably turned our backs on the old
belief that anyone who has a l\'l\tl\\'lt'tl§',t',
of the subject matter can. by that fat-t
alone, teach that subject matter.

“The State t‘ollege for ’l'eacln-r~ H
dedicated to the professional ideal for
high school teachers. ()ur college um
organized in its present form for the
wort-as purpose of professiotntlizing hieh
school teaching: to the same nt illll
the normal schools have professionaliuwl
teaching in the elementary schoolk.
llrietly stated. the State College, for
'l‘cachers is directed by the ltoard of
Regents to devote itself to the trainiut:
of hieh school teachers by providing a
liber: education together with a thorough
introduction to the scicnrc of education
and a careful training in the art of
teaching. it! the effort to fulﬁll its
obligations under this specific tnandntt-
from the ltoard of Regents, State t'ol-
leqe for 'l't-aehers selects its materials
of instruction in all courses liberal and
professional. with a view to their int»-
tnediate relation to high school teachinu.
The ideal of the college is a subject
tnatter content that is‘ saturated with
professional purpose. it will clarify our
ideal and intensify our professional pur-
pose to formulate the procedure by
which we strive to attain our ends, a
procedure that demands continual adjust-
ment in the light of experience.

“The liberal arts content of our cur-
riculum must be adequate as a basis for
high school teaching and must perform
its full part in giving the liberal educa-
tion prescribed by the Regents resolution
of authorization. It is obvious that the
subject matter of the high school curriA
cttlum will in part point the way.
English, History Mathematics, Latin,

(Page Two. Column Two)

 

 

 

