I

2

 

STA’IjE COLLEGE NEWS, OCTOBER. 15, 1926

 

 

State College News
Esmnmsntzn av rife cuss or 1918

The Undergraduate Newspaper of New York
State College for Teachers

THE NEWS BOARD
lintvw VAN Russet: . . ........ . . . . . . . . . . . .Etlttor-m-Chtef
Kappa Delta Rim House, West 4Jl'4
Hum-2.x: ZIMMEHMAN. . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . .Bnrmcrr Manager
858 Modlnon Avenue, West vltl-lG-R _ .
VIRGINIA lltnoins.......................}l/[anagntg Editor
550 Washington Avenue, West. 2096-.1‘ '
Sum lil\ltI\'l.HY.,............../f.t.mtltllt’ Managing Editor
.9 Sn. Lake Avenue, West 1695; ‘
'l‘tnct..\t.\ Tr:.\tt't.t-:. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Snbscrt/thon Manager
l‘sl Gamma llottse, West 2752
SENIOR Assocut-nz Entrons
i\'A'|‘llMllNl! "masts, '27 JULIA l-‘av, '27
'l‘mu..\t.\ L. linezsc, '27 l.nutsr. I). (low, ’27
uNtnit AssoctATu EDITORS
Ant-nanny: llut.t.tsTun. '23 Lam VAN Summit. ’28
Marv ,lunrru Lananon, '28 l)ott0Tuv WATTS. ’28
Roms-runs
ttm—n ll. McNuTT. '27 ltosr. llu/tnsxv, ’29
'tcNT l'tzAsz, '2 MULLIF. KAUFMAN, '29
MARGARET l'nuvus‘t‘, '27 MM Knives. '2‘)
"AJAN. ’27 linomznct’. Ken, ‘29
l\ 'rut. .v Ilnuourv, '28 LAPEHES, ’29
item LANAGAN, '28
Murmur: GABRL. '28
Rurtt (i. Moon, '28
(learnt-or. linssmw, '29

 
      

(‘.\itot.t.\'t; SCULEICII, '29
ItonaaT J. Snit.t.mat.Aw, ’29

\'t:it.\ “ELLE \VsLLorT, '29
Assn-ram" llllﬁlNRSS MAN/toms
. \‘IN l.. HAM-1n, '27 llttlttt'l‘tlr HANDLON. '27
nouns l'. ’ ..ou, '9 Anna liommvo, ’28
FRANCIS l5. Cniyrtn, :28 Mummy) LANSLEV, '29
l\.\'rltsulas Samoa, "5
[turn Km t-zr, Assistant Subscrivtion Manager
Iht. ilatutv V . llasrtmts, l’ncut Advisn‘r
Satta liAuthv, Director of News \1 riting Class
th.t.t.\.\t M. l’nHNcu, Desk ‘ 'or
'l’tu:x..n.i t., [from-1. l'resilrut, News Club; Dannrnv WATTS, Vice:
President; .\ltt.tntv.p LANSLEV, Sccrut..ry-Trcasurcr

 
  

 

n the college year by the Editorial Board

\ssueiation. Subscription, $3. 0 cr
llclivcred anywhere in the United
matter at pnsiotlicc. Albany, N. Y.

l'nlniisbml r'i'cry I-‘rid
- . ting tin-

   

  

.nt
yutl. single (in .. [cit cent
.‘ilnfts. litucrrrl at s-r-rond l .

 

' ly endorse sentiments cxncssed in
Contribution-t. .\'o tonnunt mm will be printed unless tIe writers‘
mums are left with the l- ttor-in-(‘Iticf of tin.- News. Anonymity
ut‘l it.» preserved if so desired.

The News din-«t out are

  

l‘uts'rno itv .\tti.ts Aitr l'ncss, 394-396 Broadway
Friday October 15, “236 Vol. Xl, No. 5

NOW COLLECT THE TAX!

AN OPEN LETTER TO THE STUDENT
FINANCE BOARD

This is the ninth year in which you have been commis-
sioned by the student body to collect its scif-impocd tax
for litl' support of student activities.

You have tltntc great work in thc last nine years. You
merit much praise, for yours has been trttiy a labor of lovu.
Itut despite your zeal there are still outstanding evils in
lilt' tax collection s st to. Some of those are:

,\ lat'gc proportion of slltrlt'ttls, including scotcs of those
who \‘Ult' annually for the “unanimous adoption" of your
bndgrl rctzolntm-udatitnts, evade paying the tax. Tile rc-
shit is an tntrtutitablc division of the cost of student activi-
tim among tho - who do pay, and a cut in the budgets of
lu‘ttt'flllllg organizations which sometimcs amounts, as it (lit
last year. to ten per cent.

Sumo of tltcsc dciinqucnt stndcnts furnish tto satisfactory
excuse for non-payment and their names are read before
the student association and published in this paper.

lint students equally able to pay, students who to the
knowledge of all their fellows, have morcy for many other
uses convince your board that they are destitute. 'l'ltcy
an: L I" anti the student hotly never. directly at least,
learns their names. it wottid be difficult to prove definitely
the truth of the prevailing belief that must of these cxcuscd
students are as able to pay as are several lntndrcds of
those who settle without complaint! or hesitation. Suri a
belief exists and conviction on the point is growing
stronger.

Some of the benefiting organizations, including some
which I‘ttt ire large amounts. make little or no effort to aid
tax collection. (Jpenly, in many cases, they admit scores
of students to their entertainments without a show of tax
card» “it's all right; we mttst have a respectable crowd
for the ‘artist,"' is the confessed statcmcnt of many of these
organizations. The effect of their practice is to delay pay"
mom of the tax by hundreds of students until the last p05<
sibic moment. Many succccd in escaping it entirely.

The trtttlt of many of the above statements is of course
known to your body. ilut are you ttot without a remedy?
Your, board is a council to rcccivc and govern the outlay
of student budget monics, and cannot therefore be held rc-
Spottsiille also for the enforcement of tax collection. The
huge labor of collection enforcement that you have loyally
assumed in previous years has been therefore largely your
extra f ~wiil contribution to student welfare. The stu-
dent asso ation appreciates and is gratcfui for this work.
itut it would ask too mttclt of yottr hoard, if it demanded
that you alone continue this work without aid.

in consideration of the statements above, the News there-
fore rcspcctfttliy submits to your body the following sug-
gesttons:

 

 

     

e

 

      

All "excuses" from payment of the tax should be
abolished by the board. If necessary, students unable to
meet the entire tax could be given the opportunity to pay
in amounts as small as thirty of forty cents a week. No
one would then be made to stiffer unfairly.

Your board shotlid, give full and early publicity to those
who attempt to evade the tax, since these students must
have themselves voted for it. Tbcrc \vcrc no dissenting
votes in either assembly Friday.

Your enforcement cott‘ttttillcc should scc that all wlto rc-
fuse to pay or delay doing so unduly are removed, by the
proper method, front any student office, and from participa-
tion in any extra-curricular activity, athletic or otherwise.
They should be barred front voting at student assemblies.
Sullicicnt publicity should be given them so that they will
not feel free to take copies of the Quarterly, N '
tory and other publications which must necessarily be dis.
tributed in a wholesale manner.

The College authorities should as in the past have their
attention directed to delinquent students. The same
who shirk their student tax will be dodging othcl'
tiotts later. 51ch persons will not make good teachers.

There is no reason why tltc stttdcnt tax cannot be col.
Icctctl before Christmas, To allow colicctiott to drag
through until May is absurd because it is not act ‘.
To allow students who pay nothing but promi ts to benefit
for six or seven months equally with litosc who do earn
anti pay their share is unfair. ’l‘o hamper ttt‘gttllilttliotts by
cutting their budgets and to delay their work because the
tax is slow in coming in is unfair.

No blame attaches to your body for these faults. Tin-y
are largely faults of the prcseut system. To rcpt-at, your
board cannot be expected to be its own policeman. itul the
system can be improved. A policeman can be found.
Everyone has voted for the tax. [Everyone should pay or
bc‘barrcd from the budgct's benefits.

 

 

   

 

 

"HOW TO WRITE A THESIS lS HELPFUL;
AMHERST ALSO PRINTS STUDENT VERSE
“Y E. V. K

[low In li’rilc n 'I'lu'.ti:. Jiy \\'ard (i. i\'t‘t‘tiL'l'. idfi pp.
Bloomington, “1.: Public School Publishing to

Professor Rccdcr's book ﬁlls a long-felt need and fills it
well. its treatment of its sujcct is adcquatc. it considers
in order the scientific natnrc of the thesis, the scicclitnts,
(iciitnination and planning of tile problan the working
bibliography and the collection of material. It tells how
to organize and interpret material, bow to make citations
and footnotes, how to prepare atistical malt-rial and illus-
trations. There is a chaptcr about the final bibliography.
some miscellaneous suggestions and some advice on how to
publish theses. The book is concrctc. Sample pages from
thcs s are included. There are qucslions for rct *w pur-
pose and a very rompiclc index. Those who aspire to
higher educational honors will get definite itcip front this
book.

 

 

 

L

 

   

rim/marl llmlrryrutlnulr i'z‘rxt' (10.20,) t‘nmpiled by
David Morton, 57 pp. lloslon: Marshall Jones. '

This book of student vcrsc differs from that published
last term by State (,‘ollcge in that all of its pocnts were
written by men who wort: st term on the. campus at .‘\m-
burst, in their utuicrgraduatc carcc  it is tin: second \‘ui‘
time of Amherst ntnlergrndnutu vt-isr. Most of lllt' poems.
its editor tells us. first saw the light in meetings of tin-
l'octry Society of Amherst college. The book is beautifully
bound. The poems are varied, and their general L‘XCt'l'
lence is high.

 

 

_,
.1

Ctr/ch I'mxlt't'. lly Frank |\'. Rich. 334 pp. $11)“.
deiphia: Aitt-nuts.

Those who read this book expecting to find it a second
"David Harum," are asking too much. bttt “t'alrh l’caslcc"
is. nevertheless a good yarn. Caleb is not so dilfcrcnt front
the David you recall so wcll anti so fondly. He is a Maine
farmer and the things one remembers from the book are
largely his observations on subjects many and diverse, for
Caleb is a good deal of a philosopher in an atnalt-In way.
You will chuckle at the \viltilcsutnc humor of this book
after a few seasons of psychoanal and psychtatt" You
will find the characters simply bttt \\ iI-drawn portraits.

 

l’hila«

     

 

lf"(I.t/tfltgftlll Irt'ing'r Diary tA'jiut'n $284820.)
by Cara .onisa l’cnncy. 142 pp. New York;
Society of America.

Onc‘s acquaintance with Washington Irving may be
limited to. say, the “Sketch Hook," but that “in not illlt'l'-
fcre with his enjoyment of this diary. written during
Irving's lifc iii the country with which his name has come
to be so closely associated. This part of lrt'ing's histan
has been presented often enough before, but Ilt't't'l‘ in such
personal detail as in lhcsc notes which have been edited
from manuscript in the possession of the Hispanic Socictv.
There are a number of reproductions of pages from the
“Diary.” You will be interested in nrariy all the t-ntrirs,
especially those (lcttling with Spanish sot‘icty.

iiditt-d
liispanit:

 

TEN YEARS AG 7 lN STATE COLLEGE
From files of News for Oct. 18, 1918

 

 

 

That somc additional student machinery for the system—
atic collection of the student tax be set up ' 'i 'y. A
|)t .siblc 5th would be the formation of a committee to act
with your board. This committee might consist of the
treasurers, managers or other financial officers of the benc-
fning groups.

This committee could sct definite dates by which tilt: tax
must he paid. Sufficient time could be provided, so that
thch would bc'iujusticc’ to no on A pcriod, for example,

 

 

 

“The University Convocation is to be held in the State
Education Building, October -20."

“The State Military Training Commission, consisting of
State Commissioner of Education john ii, Finley. lh'.
l'homas  Storey. and Dr. George Fisher, recently mot
and appointed llr. Storey State Inspector for physical
training in the C. C. N. Y."

Zajan Says Budget
Acceptance Was
Childiike

ltr lilittlltA ZAJAN.
l'l‘t‘nltlt‘lli thdent. .\, tulntlnn
Many of the upper classntcn and the
faculty were disappointed by tltc manner
in which the student budget was ac-
rcplcti in rmny last lirtday. It was
t‘illtl'EtCllll'lsllC of an attitude of a child

 

   

 

who has perfect confidence itt his par-
t-nt,'s plans for his career and (tCCL‘lflS
litcttt without question. '

Tin: burgcl showed great increases in
scrcrttl instances. The increases were
probably justilit-d. but it is natural to ex-
[ﬁrst a curiosity anti a seeking of expla-
nations. It is unnatural to accept it
without question as it was arccptcd liri—
day, and portrays a lack of interest and
a slow-ply attiludc of “follow the
leader."

’i'ltc situation prcsonti-d a striking
question and two possible answers. \\'lty
do students accept a motion without dis-
t‘ttssiolt and it'l litcttlsclvcs‘ be heard com—
plaining‘ in this colit-gc corridors later?
The answers suggested arc that they do
not feel themselves :1 part of the whole
student body and ltrncc lack interest, or
clsc they fear being a member of the
minority. Thch are times witcn groups
act on impulse; they are swayed by the
personality of a speaker rather than
placing confidence in their owtt mothod
of reasoning. If litow in the tninority,
on lilt‘ olitrr hand, have rottfidcurt: in
their \ll'W, tht-y slntltlti in: willing to
prove that tin-y arc in lllt' right and
point out whcrein the majority is wrong.
This would be an ideal democracy, if
is not too mnrh to mpect of our stndcnl
itsstnjitttiutt.

The rinntril is anxious to the «ctnbly
lilllk' in a tray \tilil‘ll will show i} st lilt’
trend of student thought and be most
us i to you. Sch-ct a icadt-r, if you
wish, and it'l us share your difficulties.

 

 

MR. PEASE ALSO
HIRES A HALL

iv KENT l’t-:.\st:

liar frtw/tntrn only. l‘:\'t:ryl)l|c has
ncicunn-d you, bcginning with the
l'rcsidcnt and rolling with the Ncws
club. Yes. we're glad too, to add our
little bit, but Ilia! isn't what this is
about. \\'elcomcs, brmstcr-taiks, batt-
qucts, parties, and such like are good.
but remember they tcli you only half
of it.

The writcr still remembers the joys of
being a freshman. You've come to the
front of all learning, good contradcship,
inr» ‘ration, and salvation. “Olympus
has sct its feast for you—only draw
up and begin thc four-year partaking
of honey and antbrosia," (that's what
all the others have told you. ill one way
or another.) ilut shortly you begin to
discover that the honey needs straining
and that t'tc ambt'osta tastr-s suspiciously
like hash—damnabie stuff. You've
found it so already? Just as we thought

The welcome-speeches do not tell you
how nasty the \~.clc.tmcrs are going to
he as soon as you have begun to stick
your head above the crowd; the booster—
:alks refrain from mentioning the penal-
tics imposed on any originality; lbc
banquets ncvcr mention the dishes that
you'll have to wash (as a frosh and
later); the parties do tint, at ﬁrst. sug-
gest how they talk about the cttt of your
clothes and your ltccd of a hair-cut.

Tlutl’.t what this is about. Just a
Tentlc warning that this fnunt of all
‘carning draws its intelligence front a
very wcil-intentioncd, bttt entirer hit-
man faculty; that good cotnradcship is
.1 thing you'll have to work very hard
yoarrrif to secure; that the inspiration
will prolme be mostly perspiration; and
that your salvation . . . well, if
you‘re any good you've already got it.

Understand me? \\’cll, l'm not sure

 

 

 

that i do either.

 

It g

Witt

Dear Twin:
l'vc been
my fcct. 5
, Ic tltirlccu
in th; gim
had any fut
and sich lik
i (lull-i
four years i
ate a late 1
" on f

 

 

 

, .

Door lilin'
'I'Iu' “l’t'd

not it (turn t

OWE]
‘Twas tlt

t, The fella
Ncat it

In hopes
Soon VI

A (‘ ltnuit'l‘l
nbat tln- Ni.
titl.‘ copy rial.
rcimrt handi-
.\|}r~. \\tntti;|
(‘oast and t‘

tin-y rcturut-i
hht't'lr‘ rlll‘ltt‘
:_ . illll t

 

 

> lll4|\'t'll
\t'l'lillt; his \\
\thuillt‘ti \\‘
’I'itt-rc hr mt
\Vcit'nntt‘ sin
\[lt'tltllllg :1 ft
wife."

“ To rifl-
ru/un'v, n,
‘ Flt/Jar [Hit/t,
‘ mn/(i/rlfrrl

,\\lilll litc (
iitl' only difft
-t"y and a
lit-nipscy tool
minutc~ and 1
aka a boat
‘cts a frater
pay for.

As we
I-Iow' ja
, Taken
stick of (1;
about it. .

Dear 'I‘witts.:

‘am in in
who admires
know my bca
i do want to
do?

Dear Anxiotu
Why not ht

Hc (over tl'
Are you goin,
.‘Vhe (fluttr
haven't a thin
lle (poison
dear. . You v

 

VfIll.

