 

 

2

State College News

lis'ruuastmn nv run CLASS or 1918
The Umlcreradmttn Newspaper of New \'ork
Stale t‘olleuv for ’l‘mielters

 

THE NEWS ltOAlx’l)
Enwm VAN Kteecn. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .lidffur-fn-C/ifr/
Kappa llelta Rim House. West 4.1”
lil-‘JJCN ZIMMERMAN. . . . .. . . .  . .. . . . . ..Iitt.rim.'.r.r Aboutng-
ans Mmllnnn Avenue. West vltl‘ltl-lt
Vilmle l-lutnms. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. ..tl'/dlntgiltg lit/flow
ﬁl’ thnhlngtun Avenue. Winn. 3000-.)
Sana ii:\lll(l.ltt‘.... .............'f.v.rnrinle rlfimnpinp lirlilnr
.' Sn. Lake .\\ West "-95.
'I‘mn..u.\ TEMPLE. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .5‘nbrcripliun illtmnycr
I’sl (lamina Ilnnse. West 2752

 

 

Stratum Assoeta-rc lint-nuts
Ka'rnitntnu "Lama, '27 ,lm.i.\ l".\v. '27
’l‘nnLMA 1.. ltncznc, ’27 Louisa 1). Guns. ‘27
.ttalov .\$t§t\(tl.\1‘l“. lint‘rnas ‘

Anecator. llomasrca, '2ﬂ l.tu.a ' N Sc Ale‘. ‘18
Minor Juan-u lananen, '23 Hutun-uv Warrs, ’zx
Rttl'utvrxnts

ltosr. llItANSltV, ‘2')

[turn ill. McNtrrr. '27

   

 
 
      

l 'r time. ’23 \Vtman .\l. Ir-ucnen, '29
MA (Mara- l'uuvnsr. '27 -' KAUFMAN, ’2‘)
lltcn'rua ZAJAN, ‘ ‘2')

Lean (Zones, ’2tt v, ’2')
Karl! Dotmn'rv. ‘28 t:' . ' ‘1

Ruru LANM‘MN. '28 Loni/.NA MAN 5. '3‘)
letmn (taunt, '23 limxmurru human. ‘29

[turn (i. Mooun, '28 (.tnomsu Scum-aunt, ‘2')
Unwrittth Ibiasmw. '3') ltnmorr J. HIIIIJJNGLMV, '20
ion “cum. \\'m.l.n'r'r, '29

Assist-ANT business MAN/itile
linwtn l.. Itasca, '27 limo-ruv llamnam, '17
'l‘umtas ' Futon. '29 Anny. llomovn. '25

   

 

It. filtlFHN, '28 ‘ t\|n.mucn Lansm. '2'}
lx'Arumtmr. hax‘ron, ‘28
[turn Kmmv. Assistant Subscriptitm Manager
tm. llanltt’ W. Hanrmon, li‘aotmrv Anvmnn
Sana “ANKLHV. Director of News-\Nriting Class
WILLIAM M. Flu-melt, than“ lilot'ron H
'l'tllttJiA l.. [luau-m. l‘rnnitleut, News (flub; liontvrttv Win-rs. \tcc‘
President; Mnanuzn Mustacv, Secretary-’lrensurcr

liaancts

 

I‘ublished every
represeptiug tlte
3'.
.Stntcs.

Friday in the cullch year by the lidilorial ltoard
Student Association. Subscription, $3.00 per
ten cents. Delivered anywhere in the United
second cuts matter at postnﬂ‘tcc. Albany, N. Y.

 

r.
a
..
E
F
,.

 

itucred : .

 

 

 

The News does not necesarily endorse sentiments cxuresscd in
contrlhutlnns. No emnmunicntiuns will be printed unch In: writers'
names are left with the lirlltortin-(ihief of the News, Anonymity
will be preserved If so resired.

 

l’utNrcn nY MILLS [\ur l‘uess, 194-196 "roadway

Friday, September 24. 1920 Vol. Xl, No. l

 

UU’I,‘ ()lt‘ THE lt‘llYlei l’AN

it is somewhat difﬁcult to sec what useful purpose
will be served by the sweeping change in sorority rush-
ing methods decided upon this fall by lntcrsorority
council, but postponed for further consideration by the
facility.

Second semester rushing is to be abandoned lttnlcr
the proposed plan, and the eight sororities which are
members of the council Would pledge their freshmen
early in the fall instead.

The surprising change eomcs at a time when just the
opposite procedure is going on in many other colleges
whch secret societies have not enjoyed the workable
system that has prc 'niled here. Nearly everywhere in
the East and Middle West the tendency among both
fraternities and sororities is to defer rushing atul bid~
ding until the second semester altd in many cases until
the second year. The wisdom of this course was ade‘
quately summarized last week by Dr. Thomas Arkle
Clark, dean of men at the University of lllinois, in an
address before a group of fraternity men. Said Dean
Clark. "I am more and more convinced as time goes on
that the only solution for the rushing problem is de-
ferred rushing." ‘ t
t Experience has demonstrated in instance upon in-
stance that the disadvantages of fall rushing far over-
weight the advantages. The freshmen, the sororities
and the College will all suffer under the proposed sys-
tem, if it is approved and adopted, but the sororities will
be the greatest losers. They will ﬁnd that no system
has yet been devised whereby close companions for four
years can be picked as successfully in a few weeks as
in ﬁve months. Misfits and mistakes in pledging are
likely to be frequent. Girls whom it would be advan—
tageous to pledge will often be overlooked. Sorority
membership will not be cstccmcd so high a privilege
when it is hurried upon freshmen in the early weeks ol
the fall term as it is under the present digniﬁed and
wise procedure. And in the end it is the sororities who
will pay for these defects. To quote Dean Clark again,
“University groups who rush in the fall would get just
as good people if they stood on any street corner in
Urbana and picked the first seventeen who p. used, as
they do with all their present burly-burly."

For the freshman the disadvantages of fall selection
of a sorority are numerous. No accurate knowledge of
the various groups can be gained by the average fresh-
man is so short a period. Clothes, appearance, expcndi~
turcs for theater and luncheon parties will neth ‘in
count more in forming the freshntan's decision than will
more important but less quickly discernible qualities.

ill 1 .17..— r.l~.~ " . . .

   

 

 

’l‘lm [ml Inrrr-

 

 

 

 

H

ltpotl freshmen and sol‘ol‘ily girls will be lessened. But
will this be true? And is not this strain productive of
bvnclit to both groups by keeping them, so to speak.
"on their toes” for a semester?

It has also been argued that sorority girls will save
money with a shorter period before bidding. This seems
doubtful. Sororities will have. to rush many more girls
in the fall, if only to get well acquainted with lhent. [\s
it has been, each group is virtually decided upon whom
it wants by January and its rushing is largely to "sell"
its merits to the prospective pledge.

Intvrsortwity council has doubtless been sincere in its
attempt to improve upon the old system. 'l‘bat systvm
is not perfect. bltl unless the council can show more
merits in the new plan, lltc wisdom of its adoption is at
least tptestionable. it may be that the proposed plan is
to be an experiment and would not be permanent. if
so, it should be given a fair trial by both proponents
anti objectors. 'l'he sororities appt'nl‘, however, to have
jumped out of the frying pan into the tire.

 

l 'J‘ltili. THE FRICSHMEN

If the freshman gets an overdose of anything, it is of
advice. l’robahly enough good precepts, warnings, sug-
gestions and what-unis have been It 'ttltcrl upon him this
week to last for life. if each of the .125 members of the
class of [930 will analyze and evaluate these strictures
on conduct probably be will gather judgments some-
thing like these:

 

That he is in a College with an unselfish pur-
pose, where the highest form of "college spirit"
is expressed by the gatherings of lzarning "not
for its own sake but to impart to others."

That he has four of the important formative
y 'ars of his youth to spend here. and that it is
the reasonable course to use those years wisely.

That his prime purpose hcrc is to gather
culture and information.

That he will acquire these principally though
honest study ntuler the guidance of older "tell and
\\'tlllll‘ll.

lint that be will also gain lunch from State
(‘ollvgc through his mingling outside the class~
room in worthwhile student activities and in-
lt’l‘tth s.

That, in (‘ollrgc as elsewhere, he can best
serve himself by serving others.

But that in his apportionment of lintc and
effort he must keep true the balance between
play and work.

And that to do so he must‘lvaru to choose
what is worth much tinte amhcffort from what
is worth little.

 

TRIM-covered, hackneyed bromides these? 'l‘rur. flut
they have bccome aged and familiar aml unfortunately
often without meaning just because they are so true that
many men have thought them aml spoken tlu-m.

They remain as trite toda ' as when they were uttered
to State College's first freshman cl ss eiglttyuhvo years
ago. 'l‘hey will he as trur eighty-two y 'ars hence.

'l‘he,’ arc commended to the cl of 1930.

 

lt‘A’l‘ll E I! DUNN it) Y

Newman club and State College regret llll' transfer to

 

a Schenectady parish of the Rev. Joseph A. ltunnry.
founder of the local |~ranch of the ('atholir. ('olh-ge silt-
deuts' organization and for l-‘n )‘t'ars its spiritual advisvr.

liathcr Dunney embodies in unusual measure those
high qualities which go to make up the exceptional
priest and man. He has been Iirelvss in the perform-
ancc of his religious duties. of which the guidance of
Newman club has been only one. His success in work-
ing with State L'ollt-ge students has in a decade built
up Newman clttb to a high place among those studvnt
agencies devoted to strengthening religious ties among
their members aml uniting students in the performance
of spiritual dut-it-s. llis encouraging. co-opcrativt- labor
and the warm and htunan qualitics of his friendship have
endeared him to st‘trrt's‘ of ('ollt'ge students. members
of Newman club and other groups. The student body
llnnney

vqnal Silent->5 in his new held of vffort and it welcomes

n wishing liatht'r

joins with Newnmn club

the Rev. john Collins, Newman's ItCW adviser, to his

work in Albany.

 

A lu-linf Hm. .I..

 

 

‘A'l‘l‘l COLLEGE NEWS, Sill”l‘|‘h\llll‘ilt 24, lll‘Zti

Make Assemblies Discus:
Student Association Pres

 

    

 

669m 2424” H

t,‘onrtes.\' Albany Icvcnlng News

(The NI-zws prawn/r herewith Iltr

[burl of n .rrrt'rr of (NAT . utr 0

.Vliltft'fif [wroblrms by lltr pruridrul of

llir .rlmlrnt u.r.wt‘fttfiull.)

Bv Barret” 7..\.t.\N

We (the student association) are told
that we are a democracy, that we are a
gear in the new science of social cott-
trol. tut with the fear of rationalizing,
submitting to the prevalent tendency to
justify our statements and beliefs. we
can at least say that we ourselves should
like to deliver such a statement after a
year's trial of work together. At pres-
ent we can only aim and hope for :
Vtudvnt dcmot: y worthy of the :lssn‘
elation.

 

’l‘bc virtu
admit, is no
err is hnma
lingucss of
Million in l
individuals
they are in
our t't.lllltlll
mind." '

The
sllldcnt det
thorough ill
of the assot
make our g
in mind," at
'l‘ln: associn
assembly mt
activity that
attitude tow
is a student
matters of
for discussii
meetings. 'l
soually or t
live bodies,
oil. The Inc
as well as I

/\ dcmoc
the He l

 

 

,.
our faculty.
of all our (it
as their for
tried to solv

 

l

for criticisn
-,\ sting Itan
student.

[for the pn
mismulcrstan
student activ
reasons for
this dcpartm
devoted to :
They will rt
and will be .'
partmenl of

 

 

 

Professor Hines Tells How '1
Teaching Position; Oti

Fouling Ihv Rip/rt 'I‘rnrhing I’nrilinn.
lly Harlan (.'. Hines. $1.60. 201) pp.
New York: Charles Scribner's Sous.

For the teacher in harness or the
would-be teacher, there are few prob-
lems more immediately important than
the one proposed in the title of this
book by the professor of education at
the University of t'inciunati. Unfor-
tunately for those readers. howch , the
book does not live up to the prom
its name. It offers no new advice on
snljcct. anti the somewhat aged plati-
tudes which fill its pages are presented
in a manner which adds nothing to their
value or intermt. l’crusal of this book
Ines mttch to strengthen a growing wish
that our educational specialists who feel
the urge to burst into print would go
a bit further with their general training
tcspccially in the technique of written
expression) before beginning the spe-
‘ialization. Professor llines' book. we
in] duty-bound to note frankly, should
have undergone a severe attack of blue-
icucilitis before publication. “is "unplc
of a “nu-chanically perfect letter" of
'tpplication for a teaching position, is, we
regret to confess. markedly unlike any
previous conception of ours of \vtat
such a communication should he. While
we feel that this book has little to at~
tract the even casually experienced
teacher or prospective teacher. those
without knowledge of the prof ' on may
win Litl front it. (‘crtainly everyone
will enjoy the more or less unconscious
humor container] in the author's descrip-
tion of the various clttsses oi admini-
strative officials whom the jolrhnnting
pedagogue is likely to meet,

 

  

 

 

 

Thi' Ilnmnui: 1/4 of It'tilr'tulrrlgr'. lly
lautcs Harvey Robinson. $1. 03 pp,
New Yorl ; (icorgc ll. Doran Co.

Wth llr. Robinson, a few years ago,
'iuhlishcd his since-famous “Mind in the
Making," it was with no lack of appre-
‘iation of his power that one assume
he had reached a pinnacle in his service
‘o the mort- scrious-mimled portion of
\mcrica's reading public. lint his new-
'~'t llllilL taking. the editorship of tltc
lltnnnniyhm oi ' .:

 

 

lcllnlt'ihlitrn can...“ ,

 

respective licl
be veiled in sc

Surely hen
labor and cha
those who \vii
Three other
prepared. 'l‘
volume is l)
the Collection
“vivid. rcada
The author p
sion of the m
edge and of
that his work
manner with
too rare in n

(frunilr. ll)
1p. New Yr
Straight frt
of scribblch :
liftc specie. of
show the soul
lion" in cont
vntlitics of a \\
another ﬁrst
author is a
for the not-t
Informat
that Mr. Qui
awarded the i
divisum of M
lion for an
.\ttt-r reading
late to questio
'l‘hosc rcadet
of l’ercy Mark
who found in
more than a
about ninety-Tn
may possibly li
we are Sll>[)iCit
movie. with a
\\'e \vcnt fat
paragraph. llCl'l
literary quality
“With the ca
doing. tall of
and strong of
descended the
the main gate

U7

 

 

