 

 

you.

t

 

 .....m..tw,amcmm~,. m

 gm,

fit

. be 'r AfAN,
KATHLm-m )ouau‘rv. '28

o

a

State College} News

l'israuLtSttun ttt’ run CLASS or 1918
The Undergraduate Newspaper of New York
Stat;- Colleue for 'l‘enehcrtt

THE NEWS llOAltD
...........H.......Edilur-in-Chlef
\t,| a a Rho llousc, West dill-l

HELEN Ztuututuan.................uniform“: Manager
this Madison Avanuu, Went to - ‘ .

VIRGINIA l~liccms......i...... .........tlImmnng Editor
‘ n50 Wusbtnuton Avenue. '\V at. 20 -. I V

 ....xl.rroctote Managing Editor

Lake Avenue, West 1695: I

. . . , .A‘nhxcrmuon Manager

West 2752

  
 

 

l'Ctnvtu VAN .Kl

SAM ‘ Batu/arr. . .
5') So.
'l‘ntmia 'ltcuet.t~:...,.........
' _ l'sl Gamma llottsn,
l-anrotts
Juua Far, '27
Louise 1‘). (tuna, ’27
Asaocmrn l-Zntroits
(\ultLdlnt-i ttouasrnn, ’28 Lina \r’m ScltAtCl’t, '28
Manv J'ntu'rtt LAtvmioN, '28 ttoitzzrnv Wart-s. 28
Raennruns
Ruse. Ditansttv, '29
NULL"! KAUFMAN, '29
» ‘ h‘lav KIJWRN, '29.,
‘I.l

,, '. ’ - Sitnttik Assoc-writ
KATttAntuE "Lents, '27
TMELMA L. llnnzur, V'27

‘ UNI'UR

Ruru It. tttcNu'r-r, '27
EN'I‘ l'nasn, ’27
I’uovosr; '27
'27

 

t AllGAKl-i‘l‘

Ilr‘

    

RUTH anaoan, ‘28

MILDRED ﬁnish, '28 l'it.lutltl!’t'tl l’ut.vER.

Cnmnasu Sgnmocp, '29

R n C Mounts, '28
W ' Runnin- J. Sitttattnatiaw, '29

(ittu't‘ttttbr. ltntsww, ’29 .»

   

 

   
  

. \‘in 011‘, '29
H Assis ss Manaocns
limvtu 1.. “MU-1R, ’27 llttll'r'l'llY llamnam, '27
‘l'nonns 1%. h‘ .. .. ' 9 ANN]: tlputovn, ’28
l-‘nancts ti. (itttPl-‘IN, '28 .\tu.ottr.n hamster, '29
lfrﬂ'lll-ZIHNK Stxros “s
lturtt KELLEt’, As. "ut thstrtvliun Manager
Ila. ll/uou‘ W. I H is, ll‘vvnlv .‘t

   
 
   

 
    

. VlN'F
l iting Class
.dttor
vs Club; Rti't‘tt Mount:
‘:ttl, Seerctary-‘l‘rcasnrcr

SAM ltannmv,’ ‘
Wu our
President, Vice-

‘l'iitu.,\i.\ l.. ‘lhut' .
NNli H’t‘at’t-‘out'.

President

 

l'nhlishcd every Friday in the college year by the Editorial Board
euting th Student Assoc-i it“, Subscription, $3. per
ctr: copies, ten eeius. Delivered nywhrre in the United
l'inlr't‘cul as second clans matter at postofliec. Albany. N. Y

        
     

x0:

t tales.
The News does not new ‘ttrily endorse sentiments cxwelscfl in.

contributions. No cnnnnut (us \\'lll be printed unless tie writers

names nrc left with the titlitorriu-t hiel‘ of the News. Anonyth

will be preserved it so deslrel.

   

l'utsan nt' .\ltt.t.s Attr l‘ttnss. 394-396 llrotulway
Friday November l2, 920 Vol. XI, No. 9

STATE AND THE TIMES' CONTEST
Nineteen well-known American colleges will compete
next spring: in the second mutual intercollegiate Current
livcuts contest sponsored by the New York Times Last
year eleven colleges were enrolled in this competition, the
prime purpose of which is to “stimulate tunicrgraduate
interest itt what is going on in tile wurld outside college
walls as such happenings are reflected iii the printed news
from day to day."

State College students are particularly fitted to take
an intelligent part in such a contest audit is unfortunate
that the seven new colleges entered this year do not include
this instltutiou. The course. in the ltistorv department
known as'ilistory ll has for its aims just the purposes of
this Contest. This course, "History in the Making,” as
it is listed by the t‘ollege, treats of “the events of the day
with their application, interpretation and historical back-
ground." As we understand the New York 'l‘itucs' contest,
it makes its awards oti very similar bases. Students of the
course work directly witlt newspapers, principally with
the 'l'itncs, although some use the New York Herald—
Tribune

The course was originated here by Dr. Adna W. lv'islcy,
head of the history department, years before any idea of
teaching the news of the day had entered the minds of
most American curricultun-makers. The course ltas per-
haps been not so widely advertised its more recent move-
ments in similar directions in other colleges. But it has
proved successful hert: and its value and popularity are
attested by the nuttsually large numbers of students who
every year enroll for it. It is a required course for
students who major or minor ilt history, but many whose
interest lay in other departments study it.

The list oi colleges which will compete itt this year's
contest is: Amherst college, frown university, liryn Mawr
college, University of Chicago, t'olumhia university, (for-
ucll university. Dartmouth college, Harvard university,
University of Michigan, University Pennsylvania,
l‘riuccton university, Smith college, United State Military
academy, United State Naval academy, \t': "'r college,
University of Virginia, Welleslcy college, Williams col-
lege and Yale university.

l’ive of these colleges . c women’s institutions and others
are cit-educational; so that thc prcpomlcrnncc of women
students here should not bar State College. from future
competitions. At "t two of the groups are colleges
with distinctly specialized curricula. Several are insti-
tutions with enrollments smaller than that here.

it is very probable that the New York 'l'imcs would
\\'l\ll to have a teaclnzrs' college represented in its contest,
if the subject were properly presented. Certainly it it
desired to enlarge its list. State College should be scri-
ottsly consult-red for one of the new places. Not only
does the institution's pioneer work in this field deserve
recognition, but the enrollment here is probably more
state-wide in its nature than that of any other College ll]
New York state. livery county in the state is represented
in the Colleﬁc‘s student body, Nearly every community
in the state has at lead one State College graduate as a
teacher or principal. All educational Work of the state
is bound closely to the College's interests.

of

 

 
 

 

STA’I‘E COLLEG Iii '

 

 

nws, ‘N‘ovintnnn .12, Ht?“

WELCOME THE "NEWS HOUND”
Another unit is added to State College's list of hill"
llcatinns. 'l‘he tirst number of "News Hound" makes
its appearance today. “News Hound" will he a minteo‘
graphed "newspaper" for the humlretl-orld stall mem-
bers of the State College Netvs. News of tile depart:
meals of the stall", of the paper in general and other

items to encourage stall spirit will be included.
"News Hound" will be a product of the News "cubs,"
the students who are trying out for positions on the
staff. They will operate it on principles similar to
those of its parent newspaper. They hope to produce
a creditable "house orgttti”_fot' the News. Their work
will he,’ so far as is known, unique in the field of col-
lt‘ts'u Publications. 'l‘heir initiative is deserving of praise.

THE CAMPUS COMMISSION
it is no easy task which has been set for the newly
formed campus commission. The numerous and difftcult
details of a lost and fottnd department, the. mail box—-
attd on top of both the locker room supervision will
keep nine people occupied.

Such a commission has been ttL‘ctlvtl'lnt‘ year, Annual
clean-up campaigns are good, but their benefits are not
very permanent if after a Week of good work come
twculy weeks of sluppiness. ‘l'he mailbox can be made
to serve. the College better. The recovery and return
of lost and found articles has been a hode'c-podgc
armature-merit for two years.

A hard job is this of tile campus commission. The
1200 State College students for whose bcuclit these
nine young women will work will show their appre-
ciatiou by cooperation.

THE QUARTERLY

liesidcs the ltook of Student \'vr~v, State t'ollel- ‘ only
contribution to literature is the Quarterly As , ch this
maeaxiue dcsvrvvs support from the student hotly. I’iuatts
cial support it already has, but financial support is not
enough. tfontrilnttions must be many on that by clitnina»
tiuu the editors can select only high grade unuerial. Sug-
gestions and cruisistus of the helpful kind should he mun-
t'rout. As h'ts been pointed out by others, a literary
magazine necessarily has a more limited readiui.r public than
do some other types of publications. it is also probable
that it has a more critical and intelligent reading public.
'l'bis‘ makes the work of its editors doubly .liilicult. The
first number f, this year's Quarterly will soon appear.
it should be rcccivel and read by the t‘ollege audience will!
the appreciation it tlesc" '

 

 

   

 

“CAN A MAN BE A CHRISTIAN TODAY?"
HERRlCK’S COLLEGIATE “MAIN STREET”

 

 

 

I‘tY E V. K

 

(‘tttt a .l/un He (1 (‘lirirliun ‘l'm/oyt’ lly \\'illitun Louis
l'nlcttt, $I.St), lll) pp. Chapel Hill: l‘niversily of
North Carolina Press:

A sentence lrom llr. l'otcat's conclusion uivcs the key-
note of this timely book in which the futnltuucutals of
religion and science ' pretended. ll read». "lf you ask
me what is a man of intelligence to do in this scientific
period to preserve peace in the family of his ideas, I answer
in one word: t'onsider jestts. l’t'ess through a thousand
pt'ttft‘ sional interpreters of Him c llitn at His gracious
ministries, hear His original, uuan dell word,"

The author, [ntrapbrasiuu Sir James M. llarric, says he
is "thintin' of tic puu', proud t‘ht'islian homes otit of
which you cattle tip hither. of your adventures here in
the widening horizons of modern life, and of the new homes
which you will shortly go down to build." His book is
‘ y for college students; indeed its material
tally in lecture fornt to the students of to
Forest Cttllt,c of \\‘llivl| llr. l‘otvat is president. 'l'honuht-
ful college students will want to read this book.

 

    

 

 

   

(‘lifmm‘t liy Robert llcrrick. 3“) New

York: Macmillan.
lx'obert llcrrick has done for the college world, or at
least for that growing: part of it which is primarily inter«
ested in endowments, drircc, and huge enrollments, what
Sinclair Lewis did a few years ago for everybody in
"Main Street," lu his own way llcrrick has done almost
as well as l.c\ 's, and it is not his fault if the book has
widely ' ‘

$3.00. pp.

 

   

 

not been so read. llcrrtct tum ta (' about
l'.ttt'ck-’l_tll|l\'( sny, hut ll was the [Flux-ersitv of tfhicatto
which lltrltlSltL‘tl his ' l. 'l‘he book if: remarkable

   

first for its prescntation of certain tendencies iii the aca—
demic world. the wisdom of which is yet very doubtful,
and second for one or two remarkably well drawn char«
acters. Outstauditn.r among these is that of fit. Alonzo
Harris, the president of lCtu‘eka. You will remember him
long after you have forgotten "Chimes."

  

   

I/u' .' f’lllltltlltl Lift lty arujatuiu lde Wheeler. lilitcd
by Mo 'oe l5. lleutscb. 385 pp. llcrkley: University of
(‘alifor ia ress.

President \\’lu-clcr's service to educational America are
well known and appreciated particularly in New York
state. His friends will w .ll that greater discrimination had
both used in the pre traliou of this record of his best
writinus and public utterances. For one thing, the book
is far too louu. This fault. if fault it is, is somewhat
b'tlau :l by the extreme variety of subjects on which llr.
\l'heeler has written and sp-iken. 'l‘hc .ubjccts range
our student life e'lttcatiou in peltcral, religion, intcruat
tional affairs, ct -uship, and almost a score of other

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

  

top‘ Those which most interested as were “Student
St iovernmcnt,” “ls Iliub Scholarship in l'romise of
Success in Life" and a characterization of 'l'heothn‘e
Roosevelt,

Will Residence Hall
Affect Sororities?
Zajan ls Asked

Ilv lhnrrua ZAJAN
l'l‘t‘Eltlt'lll Student .\!Fttt:lt|llttll

llo you think sororities will he abol-
isltetl after the dorm is finished?

K. P.

The opinions of many of tile upper-
classuteu seem to be divided in the au—
swering of your question.

'I‘hose, who say sororities will prob-
ably be abolished argue that their pri-
mary purpose is to provide a home for
a given number of girls and when other
living tueaus are provided there will no
longer be a demand for sororities.

Those who offer the negative answer
argue that the sororities offer a certain
cuntt‘adcsltip, a secret “something in
common" that is enjoyed by each group
b. ..ft|p, a sorority, and which cannot
he made extinct even if col»
ollicials abolish sororities as col~

lege organizations.

'l'lteir desire is to make the four years
at Collch a delightful memory, they
say. They accomplish this by maintain-
ing their own home which they furnish
according to the needs atttl tastes of
their owtt group. They own their home,
their fnniture, their hxtur they own
the very altitude ol 1 urc derived
front 1 s 'sinu. 'l‘hctr desire is to un«
prove the home for future sisters while
the sentiments of girls housed Itt places
void of "family" ' ,“t (llC when the
lltllt' to go home arrives. lhcy Ir ‘
all their little Iucknacks Into their
trunks. ’l'he sorority ptrl leaves them
about willt the thought of pleasures and
reminiscences it will bring to the
younger sisters. You see, the illittttlltct'tl
of this group is entirely one of seutr
ment, am! it can never be destroyed,
they say

 

 

 

 

     

MR. PEASE ALSO

HIRES A HALL

llv KISN'I‘ Pt' \si;

“Oh, no, l never drive fast myself!
int he was doing,Y fifty if he was tlo~
int; . ." 'l'hey were in the scat
behind me in the trolley and I overheard
that much. There wasn't any need to
llalt'll to the rest-wit was the same, old
line. \\'ln-u you stop to think about it,
it \ s ottc of the oldest lines the lnuuan
animal has strtuu,r out. “Oh, no," said
Adam, "i never would have eaten that
apple thyself, but she . . . 

('au we never accept the personal ap
plicatiou of a correction? Sure, we be
lime itt reforms, until some one sum .15
we reform ourselves; we I L itt
work, until some one asks tts to do an
extra job: we believe it: studying, for
others.

You know the tory of the Irishman
who was explainintr Socialism to his
friend? "Now, you secs, it's like this:
if l has two houses, l gives you one; if
l has two carts, l u' . you one of
thint. .  “Yes, but if you has two
pies," put in the. friend, “Now you no
buryn yourself, you knows l has two
plus.

CITIZEN SCOUiTS ELECT
Mildred \\'ilsou,'27, has been elected
lieutc ' , and Mildred Lausley, '2‘),
ary of the citizen scouts troop.
ll 5 lsahcllt: Johnston, instructor in
physical education, is captain,
Alt-etiugs are held \\'eduesday
muhts, twice a mouth. The members
divided into first, ‘ ' nd, and tendon
toot classes. are I'L‘t int: instructions
tor their ntcrit badges. At one meet~
int: Miss Anna Randolph Kcim, pro»
lessor of home economics spoke on
the dressmaking and ucedlc~wmuan
badge. Miss Kupansky. who suc~
reeds t\l llarnat'd S, llrousou as
local director, was also present,

 

 

 

 

   
    

 

 

is

 

 

  

    
 

 

VISITS AT VASSAR
‘l‘it'uily \‘\"illiams, '28, was guest of
l'uqtuo Nomiyama, '28, of Vassar col-
h-ev tor the junior party at Vassar over
the week—end.

Monday Is Final Date For Tax
Collection In The History Ofﬁce

The final regular collection day for
student tax wil be Monday. The
student linance board will be in the
history otlicc, room 203, front 0 to
L! and and from 2 to -l o'clock to re-

 

 

 

 

COMPENSATION
My brain is ﬁlled with mist and log.
The veils are drawn about my tho’t.
My weary brain st'll struggles on,
But comes to naught.
tlt tit ill :ll lit
Cold and gleaming is the pen,
The paper pale and white.
But I‘ll do my best to past this tcst,
’Cnuse I got a daily: toniret

Kilt ".l.r for or turn are com-cum!
.r/n' ix wry t/imtrlt'oitx."

t'ul: "/ t/Ilf/t' nerve ail/t you, n a rut
fr rig/It."

 

l‘lx’l‘it'lfll'H

Meet l'ialunt. the athlete. l'iatntu ha.
on st‘t‘:tp~it‘ott and appltwnuee mount.
rushing time, llt' is able to ru-.b lI||\
live frosh it minute in and out ot llzol. .
l'ittllttlt is lltlllklttt: about inventiuu .t
sell-lillinn tla-tk, For that l't‘.‘lx<ttl, if!
has postponed his praduation until alou-
tbout W50. [u the meantime, as llu
Collette still will be here, he sees no
llt't’t'»ﬁillj‘ for I'Itsllilt;: his tout-w. I lish,
l‘ittllttlt, you old fox, you're onlv .t
fable.)

._'|"|',...
GONE
Heavc a sigh and shed a tear
A eo—ed lies upon this bier
She dlcd. lovely Lucy Loni,r Legs
lirom inhaling the fumes of boarding
house eggs.

rind ~
The): .l/ntlu'r .utid In l‘ttftt .lltn-v.
"/Ion't Nov rift/t IrroI/ter‘r In Ht.
t/i'nr. / urn/ it In u/mn u t'tIII .i/
[Hair/tint."

., _'|"r ,
t'lild. .\‘(). H
The patient iuelosed herein nus ova-
‘| member of the State t'ollepe fattth
lv'irst srtnptt‘nts of rooeouiuni \\t‘t't‘ pond
\ll

by thirty students in an H1|tl t'lths,
thirty were tlu‘muted at lIl“ ~
door at 7130 one tuornuiu. H

 

the thirty presented alt-.vtn'e ﬁlms up
time \\‘llll\‘ tlu'vv slaved awake tltnin
the entire hour. t'l'his patient nit

expected to recover.)


('ltrix/mur iv ironing, No two
rut/inn early and timid Ifli' rad."
. '1‘1‘ .

 

    

,\iter strut" ‘ ., inst \\t\l\ nub {la
ain‘t-ts over the front door. he hair -:
cided that the :ulmiuistration it
to make it harder than t'\t'| bl oil 3:.-
t'ollc:~ .

it v itw

 

»~~'l"t‘
TO A MATH II‘LUNK
I have done the self-same Math
couple times before:
And ‘sposc if I go on like this
' do it two years more.
at ill 7]! .1: a.

But while I ponder on my flunk,
Hot my blood does leap
Aga'ust the men who wrote this junk.
And rob me of my sleep.
I 'l"|‘

lv'tnitlttlllllt' No, l twith a planet "It
you harm to stand in front of the Ill/rt
to put on your pilot‘s?"
Roommate No, .1 troldlyt- “No. l“-
you have to’staud in front ut it to button

your cuffs.“
._'| ' ._
.Wti' (.vldrIt/t'ttly): "/hr you lor'.‘
4‘.”
III' lllllt'f’l’llll‘lllt‘l‘) .' "liar. ll'ltt' "I

,.| ,
ATTENTION! SOCIAL UP-
L ERS!
Did you know that all the flees are
going to the dogs?
7 3H; _
Hex l'iflicient l" Well, l'vi- lmt m:-
t'ntcbnok: solttt'lunly borrowed my foun
‘Jti'l pen and textbook; l can't find no
‘Intbt'clla. rubbers, stockings or left ~-h «-
~nntsitlc of tltal, I'm all rtady for tlitv-

 

   

BIG LYRE
There once was a girl named Sophiar
Who lived in the state of Ohiar,
With a brother whose name was
Jos'ar,
Now one day she cl'd down the stiztr.
Where ,losiar had placed some barbed

wrar.
Flags now are half-master] in Ohlar.

Last snappy snarl—-
Now you tell one.

 

reivt- payments. After that time,
Ittnttt'y l\'|ll he rereived by any mem-
her of the board.

 

M

 

 

