 

 

NEW YORK STATE COLLEGE POI TEAGIIIS

 

VOL. XI No. l

 

NINE TTw MEMBERS—W

ADDED TO FACULTY

Three RosléhEiS—r; and Four
Leaves of Absence for
Study Granted

DR. THOMPSON RETURNS

Education Department Obtains
Assistant Professors
For New Courses

Nixie new assistant professors and in-
strnctors have arrived to augment the
Slate t'ollegc facility. Other changes
include three resignations, four leaves
of absence, and two expiring leaves of
absence.

Dr. Harold W. 'l‘hotitpst‘ni, professor
of English, has spent the last year in

advance study at the University of
Edinburgh and in tile leading liritish
libraries. lie was awarded a fellow—

ship for litiropeaii study by the tinggen»
lieini foundation. llr. 'l‘hompson re-
sumes his classes in American literature
and public speaking.

Miss l-Zliitabclh ll. Morris has studied
at 'l‘eacliers (.ltillt‘gt', t'olniiibia ll||l\’t'l"
sity, and has returned with the degree

 

til tltit‘ltit‘ of philosophy, ltl lL'itt'lI 1M)"
Clliilogy and the history of education.

Members on leave of absence this year
include Miss Agnes liutlcrcr and Miss
t'alhei'inc l'cllz, both of the linglish de-
pni'tment. who will study at t'ohnnbia
university. Miss Mary (irahu, who sub-
stituted for llr. 'l'houipson during the
past year, continues Miss l"iitterci"s
work in draiitatics. Miss Alice tileai',
'22, and Miss Marjorie llellows, 13o,
substitute for Miss l'cltz.

Miss litinice .A. l’erine has sabbatical
leave to study art iti linrope, especially
iti France. llnring her absence, the art.
classes will be discontinued.

Miss Minnie ll. Scotland, of the biology
department, will study at ('oriiell during
the coming year. Miss Alice (iooding,
'26, president of tiology chili for 19.30,

stil‘istitutes for her. Miss Jeanetta
Wright, '26, assists in the chemistry
laboratories,

Two new assistant professors have

been added to the education department.
They are: Milton (2. Nelson, '24, who
received his doctor's degree from (for-
tiell last June; and llr. S. N. Urowncll,
a graduate of the University of Nebra-
ska, who received his doctor's degree at
Yale. Dr. Nelson teaches school admini-
stration, history of education, and junior
hiin school Work. llr. llrownell has
been assigned to teach educational psy-
chology.

Miss Jessie McLenaghan of the home
economics department, has accepted a
position as province superintendent of
home economics in British Columbia.
Miss Marion li‘. lt‘leiiiniing, instructor in
home economics, has married David
Fleming, and moved to California. The
new members of this department are:
Miss Jean Stuart, who comes from the
State Agricultural college at l)eiitoii,
Texas, aiitl Miss Julia (.forrinc Troy.

Miss Ellen Stokes, formerly an iii-
structor in ('oker college, 5. LI, stic-
ceeds Miss Helen ()ldrieve as instructor
of mathematics.

Miss Jeanette Shefﬁeld, ’24, assists
Miss Katherine Wheeling, the English
critic in Milne High school.

ENROLL i135,- LARGEST
GROUP EVER AT STATE

Freshmen to the number of 325 have
registered at State College, raising the
total enrollment to 1,135, a gain of
forty-eight over last year. In six years
the number of students has increased
nearly one hundred per cent, the enroll-
ment for 1020 being 690.

Virtually every county in the state is
represented, with several students eu-
rollcd from each of the Capitol District
communities.

Thirty-nine young men and women
from Albany, thirty from Schenectady,
large groups from Troy, Watcrvliet and
Glens Falls are included.

Miss Elizabeth Van Denbiirgh, regis-
trar, stated yesterday that there are 250
seniors, 275 juniors and 285 sophomores

 

enrolled.

Ammav, N. Y , lt‘tttltat’, Sltl'TltlltlllCR 24. I020

10, Cents per copy

 

the graduation program:

Dr. James J. 'l‘igert, United States commissioner
of education: l'resident A. R. l’il‘lll)l|Cll(_'l'i l’residcnt [Eliza Kellas of
sell triage college: Dean William H Metzlcr: Lawrence H. Ian Den Hertz.
principal of New l’altz Normal school.
tionnl academic procession across the campus, led by the marshals, .I’ro-
fessor A. A. Walker, left, and Professor Winfred C. Decker.

'l‘op, left to right. notables at
Rus-

llelow, the graduates in tradi-

 

 

COMMENCEMENT SCENES AS 240 RECEIVE DEGREES

'Sceues as the class of 1926 received its degrees at State College's
eigiit,t-st-t‘iiiiil comineueenienl last June:

  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 

 

 

  

 

FACULTY TREETTT 
AND FROSH TONIGHT

Student GEES-70 Tell How
College Organizations
Operato

Presidents of general college organi-
zations will speak about their work at
the facility reception for freshmen and
juniors tonight at 8 o'clock, in the gym-
nasiuni.

llr. A. R. lrubacber and Mrs. Bru-
baeher, llean William H. Metzlcr and
Mrs. Mctzlcr, [lean Anna if. Pierce,
l’rofessor Florence Ii. Winchell, head of
the home economics department and Dr.
Leonard \\'oods Richardson will coni—
prise the formal receiving line.

After the reception of the freshmen,
l)r. will welcome the new
class.

lidwin Van chcck, '27, cditor—in-chicf
of the News, will speak of the college
work in journalism.

Julia Fay, '27. will represent the Quar-
terly staff, of which she is editor-in-
chicf, and Georgianna Maar, ’27, will
describe (i. A. A. activates.

The importance of Myskaiua, Newman
club, Canterbury club and Menorah so-
viety and others Will be stressed by
representative speakers from these 0r~
ganizatioiis.

The singing ot college songs, led by
T. Frederick H. (‘andlyn, ol the musw
department, will be a feature.

Dean l’icrce is general chairman and
Miss Mary lilizaheth tobb, librarian,
will introduce the undergraduate speak-
ers.

Refreshments Will be served and there
will be dancnig later in the evening.

“FAMILY TALK” TODAY
AT FIRST ASSEMBLY

"Just a ‘family talk,’ ” Dr. A. R. Bru—
bachcr called the program for the first
student assembly to be held this morn-
ing at 10:55, in the auditorium.

h'nbacher

 

 

(.lttlll‘LOHy Albany l-lvenlng News

 

Confer 240 Degrees In Course at 1926 Commencement;

Make Russell Sage, New

t'onferring two hundred and forty
earned degrees and two honorary degrees
of doctor of pedagogy. State College, at
its eighty-second c:nnnicncenienl, June 21,
graduatml a class which broke all its
records for size.

I‘ZIixa Kellas, president of Russell Sage
college, Troy, and l.awrem.:c ll. Van Den
icrg’, principal of the New l’altz Nor-
mal school. were made doctors of peda—
gogy, the highest degree that the college
gives.

'l'welve earned degrees of master of
arts \vcrc bestow‘ed, and bachelors dc~
grees in arts and science Went to about
230 others.

The customary and traditional seleni-
nity of a State (follegc commencement
was heightened by the presence of Dr.
James J. 'l‘igert, United States coinniis~
sioner of education, who delivered the
commencement address. Dr. Frank I’.
(iraves, president of the college trustees
and state rhication commissioner also
spoke.

Announcement was made of the gradu-
ates who won scholastic hiin honor and
honor ratings. Literary and public
speaking prizes were also announced as
follows:

The Leah Lovcnlieim prize in linglish
composition, valued at $25, to Olga
Amelia llampel, ’26, retiring editor-iii-
chief of the Quarterly, the college literary
magazine.

Paltz Normal Heads Doctors

The animal Quarterly prize of $25 for
the best verse published by it during the
year, also to Miss llanipel.

The annual (Quarterly prize of $.35
the best prose published by it. during

for
the
year to l'ldwin Van Klecck, Ctllltil‘dll-
chief of the News, tiinlergraduale weekly.

The President's prize, of $25, to the
winner of the freshman public speaking
contest, to Gertrude Landon Hall, '29.

in presenting honor;u'_v degrees, Presi~
dent A. R. lirubacher said:

"liliza Kcllas, to be a woman pioneer
is a great and rare distinction. You
have organimd a new \voiiian's college
and guided it safely through its first
decade. We believe that you are con-
trihitting much to the development of a
sane program of woman's education.
For your solid achievements in school
'tlltl college :nlmiuistration, for your
sound scholarship and culture, for your
example of womanhood at its best we
honor you."

“Lawrence if. Van Den llertz, you
have given honorable service to two
states in the training of teachers. In
New York state you have demonstrated
wise leadership. Your high standards of
scholarship, your devotion to correct
professional and personal ethics for
teachers have made your school a leader
in our state. For all this we are happy
in honoring you today."

 

“BE CONFIDENT”, DEAN
PIERCE TELLS FROSI-I

“Imagine yourself doing the thing you
want to do and then go ahead and do it,"
said Miss Anna E. Pierce, dean of wo-
men, iii her ﬁrst talk to the freshmen
Tuesday morning in the auditorium.

“Balance, poise, and calmness are
necessary mi a broader, fuller life. The
practice of fairness in yoi.‘ contacts and
the cultivation of the habit of giving a
square deal Will increase your chances
of success at college," Miss Pierce de-
claretl.

“Success in college and in life after
college depends largely on a pleasnig
[)Cl’Stlllillll)’," she stated.

Miss Pierce asked the new students
to remember that the success or failure
of their college life depended largely on
them, their ability and Willingness to
give as well as to take.

Miss Pierce stressed the power of a
strong mind in a strong body, saying,
“lie well enough to be entlinstastic."
Optimism and a sense of humor, she
classed as essential qualities in the re-
adjustment from high school to college
life.

FRA TERNI TY DELEGA TES
RETURN FROM ILLINOIS

Richard A. Jensen, '28, president of
the junior class, and Edwin Van Kleeck,
'27, editor-in-chicf of the NEWS, re-
turned last week from (fhampaignJlL,
where they were delegates from Gamma
chapter here, to the annual national con-
vention of Kappa Delta Rho fraternity.
The convention was at Eta chapter, at
the University of Illinois.

 

NEWS CUBS WANTED

I’laccs are open on the business
circulation and editorial departments
of the Start: t‘oi.i.i-:oi-: News for
freshmen or Sophomores who desire
practical newspaper experience. I’re-
viotis experience is welcomed, though
not necessary. Candidates for posi—
tions on the staff should report at the
News oiiice today or Monday. There
are a number of positions still avail-
able iii the business department and a
few in the editorial.

 

 

 

 

EXPEND $15,000 lN
REPAIRIDQ COLLEGE

Walk is Graded, New Parking
Space For Auto: ls
Laid Out

MAPLE neon—7'03 GYM

Painting and Decorating Done;
Change Heating and
Water Systems

 

More than $15,000 is being spent on
imprtn'euients to the College buildings
and campus this year, Clarence J. lJeyo,
ﬁnancial secretary, annotniCed today.

A new maple floor has been laid in the
gymnasium, furnishing a smooth surface
for athletics and dancing. The basket-
ball conrl has been permanently marked.
“This Work has been done," Mr. Deyo
announced, "with the object of making
the gymnasium as attractive as possible
for all college functions. We consider
now that in appearance it is second to
none."

\\'here, in former years, water a foot
deep has collected on the approach to
thecollege from \‘\’ilh’lllllt_.',ltill avenue, the
walk has been raised eight inches to the
level of the lower step, with a gradual
slope to the avenue, The walk has been
completed and the grading will heliu-
islicd within :t week.

in the chemistry department a com‘
plete new set ol' cabinets has been built
to store apparatus and supplies. “This
matter," Mr. l’cyo said, “has been under
consideration for some time, since it is
certain to give the department great
satisfaction in locating and caring for
materials." '

'l‘he physics and chemistry laboratories
and offices and all the rooms in the
administration building have been painted.
'l'hc sewing room in the honie'economics
department has been completely redecor-
ated. Only the Millie High school hall,
the biology and chemistry hall, and the
(lietetics kitchen remain to be decorated.
"We hope that the students will then
show the same spirit as the administra-
tion," Mr. Deyo said, “in trying to
protect the walls and rooms and make
our college as attractive as possible."

A new parking space has been laid
otit facing \\’ashington avenue, which,
though it will not accoumiodatc all the
faculty cars, is expected to relieve con-
gestion greatly.

The entire toilet system has been
changed. The supply of water has been
increased, and a Federal Uber automatic
flushing valve installed in place of the
old high type flushing boxes. This valve
is one of the latest designs, and is re-
ported by Mr. Deyo to be most economi-
cal in the saving of water as well as
most satisfactory from all points of
view.

The heating system is being entirely
repaired this year. This work has been
delayed because of college opening be-
fore all tbe material was received from
the contractors. The expense of replac-
ing the corroded hot and cold water
pipes will be about $10,000,

“It had been intended,” Mr. Deyo said,
“to tear down and rebuild the retaining
wall on Western avenue and to point
up all the steps of the main approach
and reset the six ton corner stone toward
the science building on Western avenue,.
btit funds will not permit this to be
done until next year.”

a ‘

SORORITIES WILL NOT
RUSH FIRST SEMESTER

The plan of intersorority council to
rush in the fall instead of the second
semester as at present, has failed to meet
the approval of President A. R. Brn-
liachcr and the faculty, according to Eii~
dora Lanipinan, ’27, president of the
council and of Kappa Delta sorority.

The council decided late last term to
rcwse its rules. The most important
proposch change would place rushing in
the fall weeks of the ﬁrst semester.

The council this year will comprise
these sorority presidents: Ruth Empic,
Delta Omega; Jane Green, Eta Phi;
Eudora Lampman, Kappa Delta; Hilda
l. Sarr, Psi Gamma; Winifred Carey,
(‘bi Sigma Theta; Mildred Pawell, Al~
aha [Epsilon Phi: Mary Mellon, Gamma

 

Kappa Phi; Phoebe Skidmore, Beta Zeta.

 

