 



  

lloRo'rnv V. liENNl'l‘, 19.24

 

Lovisr. t), l'intsoxs, 1022

 

 

urn-Tina Rita?
TRY our FOR NEWS

Editorial and Business Staffs
Enroll Candidates
For Work

Fifty-three freshmen and entering up~
per-classmen. a rec ird number, are no—
rolled for tryouts on tile News editorial
and business staffs.

The following have re, ered in the

editorial department: llamiiton Ache,
still, liettina .\>'.zarito, (iladys limes,
lreue liiggcrstztff, \\'allace lilankley.
(irave lrady, l‘auiine iragg, l)')rotl1_\’
Itrimmer, lileanor ltrown, Margaret
linrnap, Ruth ('lote, (ie"evie\'e ('ole,
.\|ary l)e,gn-'ttt, Alma llolan, Margaret

Donovan, Marion Fox, l'a-rnire (iilbert.
I‘luniee tiilbert, Florence flooding, litbel
titttltltltofenl, l.ur,\‘ llager, lit-tty llarris,
llorotby llemstreet, (iertrude llersh-
berg, ('aroline Kotrba, lidith 1.: urencc.
>ylvia .\lont. lileanor Miller, ,lane Nye.
l'ili/abcth l’bcttleplace, llorothy Quack»
ettbtlslt, \\'i1ma lx'yer, lircida Schadrin-
sky, Adolph Scholl, Margaret Steele.
llorotby Thomas, (‘ornelia Van Kleeck,
Louis \\‘abner, Frances \\'eidenfell.
Shirley \\'ood, S: Yaffce.
Additional editorial cubs are Norma
t'ooley, Margaret t‘osgro, Joyce House.
tiraee l'lastings, Catherine Metiowan,
'1‘), \'iola Madaras, Marion l’almer, '29,
\\ ilbclmina Sebesta, Elsie Znend, '2').

Business rubs are Mildred t'ontant.
lired Crumb, jean Cullen, Jane liorma-
oak, Lucy l'lager, .\'largaret Ilenninege,
Ilenry Kirtland, llorotby Leffel‘t. Bertha
.\'athan, Anne Schneider. L'atberinc Sny«
der, (ieot‘ge 'l'aylor, Julia Wall. Mary
Wheeler, '30, Mildred llrownhart, Ivan
t'ampbcll, and Anne. Stafford, '29, and
\nthony [(uczyuski, '2 .

CALLS NEWS WORK FUN‘

1 don't think that there is anything at
State which deserves a better celebration
than the Nuns, for it certainly has done
nmch toward building on (inflegc spirit
and unity. I shall always remember
with pleasure the inn we had working

 

 

 

 

 

1"! it and also the stt'ltt‘gles to ﬁnd
enough to fill those tour pages
l’lease give mv -r' best r rds to

 

any of the old fi‘iends who are there.

   

ﬁ

'20;

 

STATE COLLEGI NEWS, OCTOBER 4, 1926 _ '

 

11'. Remnant BRUCE, 1921

HARRY S. GODFREY, 1926

    

FORMER EDITORS 1N CHIEF OF NEWS AND LAST YEAR‘S BUSINESS MANAGER‘-

 

]Jonaen  ’l‘oer, 1919

Six former cditors—iu-chicf of the News. and Helen E. Elliott, last year's business manager. The picture of the

rst ed.tor is also printer] on this page. tutu-r
Robert t... It. .\lacl"artane, 23.

ldein Van Klecck is the present editor-in-chief.

editors liave been Kathryn Cole (i.|1ett, '18: Kenneth P. llolben,

'l‘he illustratirms on this

page are by courtesy of the Albany liven.ug News and the Knickerbocker Press.

NEWS' PURPOSE TOLD IN FIRST EDITORIAL

The committee on publishing a weekly newspaper respectfully sulnuits to
you this, the first issue of the Start-1 ('oI.I.t-:t; 't-ZWH, opening thus, we be-
lit 1-, a new chapter in the history of State ('ollege. To the many who
have been entirely unaware of the coming of this journal aml to those uho
do not clearly understand its mission we direct this message.

This great United States of ours u once l small nati-m. With a
steadily increasing population the boun s of civilization were gradually
extended, until at last the Republic rear-bed from ocean to ocean. Hut the
growth of the nation presented a possible danger, a daeeer that
threatening the very life of the country ~tbe danger of a crumbling l
tionalism, the danger of a growing sertioinllisnl, the danger, therefore, of
a country divided, of a nation falling apart.

'l‘ben, almost at the crisis, in the mareb of progress came influences that
revolutionized the “hole political and economic status of the lit-public.
'l‘he rails of the railroads and the wires of the. telegraph amt telephone
were stretched across the ﬁelds, the bills, and the rivers of the land, from
the luast to the \‘ies‘. from the North to the South. 'l‘hese bands of metal
hound together the extremes of the country, one with the other, making the
heterogeneity, into which the nation had grown, a solid unit. These mod-
ern agencies of connnunit:.'itim1 brought the millions of our country into
direct touch with one mtotber—»-n:nle the whole nation a single political

  

 

   

 

 

 
 

and industrial family.

This great State College of ours was once a stnall College. With a
steadily increasing number of students. courses and activities were gradte
ally extended. until today the boumlaries of the student~life inclosc
stretches reaching from the Chemistry club to the Promethean Literary
society, from the athletic ﬁeld to the atulitorium, from the library to the
gymnasium, from the senior to the freshman and so on, from one extreme
to the other, touching upon scores of independent groups, each with a
different interest and none visibly connected with another. The close ob-
server must discover now the presence of that same threatening danger in
our student—life which history shows to have once extsted in the United
States—a decided trend toward seetionalism and away from centralization.
\\'e have by no means reached a crisis, but there is a great need iot' some
means by which there can he brought to bear upon our sltltit‘ttt body a
similar influence to that which is being exerted upon the nation by the rail-
roads, the telegraph, and the telephone. 'lherc has arisen a need for a
means of bringing' each extreme of our student life into direct touch with
the other, of making this heterogeneity into which we have grown a solid
unit, a single collegiate family. \\'hat better means than a newspaper,
such as the STATE (imam.th News to achieve the desired results?

In it will be pictured with insistent regularity and in installments
quickly following one another, the history of eaclt unit of our college
life. lu its columns you will feel the pulse beat of the student body.
it will be as a mirror standing at an angle into which a body peering
will not see his own, but rather tltc image of another.

Thus do we launch this journal on its course, with every conﬁdence that
it fills a longr felt want, and that its policy: To inn/cc L'ﬂtlt fur/inn of our
.rlmlen.‘ rryulifsulitm lentle mnl tip/’I'eriule all nl/o'l'r, la Uf‘lltlltl Ilo,‘ main-
lt‘tltlllt‘t‘ of fraternal I'ryartl and friendly rivalry (mm/lg all, In rear/r for £0-
(r/wl'utiult believe” all .rrt‘lioux and for the solidiﬁcation of flit? lime strain
ate/y crux/ed energies in the [nwuolion of a real, distinct, and rul/ntxiurlic
x/n'ri/ of loyal/y to Male College, will in time do much toward placing the
record of our achievements outsith of the classroom on a plane in keeping
with our standing as America's leading teachers college.

tSigncd) The t'tanmittec oi the (lass of 1918, on Publishing 11 Weekly

College Newspaper, Alfred Ii. Dedickc, Chairman.

 

 

FORTY-TWO 0N NEWS, iNEWS FORCE FOR GOOD.
HAD ONLY 12 IN 1.916l DR. BRUBACHER WIRES

From twelve to forty—two members in l.tii:or, Tilt-1 News:
llllc'lll‘l

 

the editorial and business depa't
is the l‘( n'd growth of the Nat ‘ stat“
in ten yt rs. liesides the present for,
"o members. numerous "cubs" con-

i llili'.‘ to the NH“ .

' he ﬁrst stall t‘otn‘n’is : Alfred Ii,
l elieke, editor; llorathy .‘\ll>llll, Stan-
1e) lleasott, I'Iloise ' " Lillian
":‘gilton, .losejlll \‘.'al'~'er, llezi‘y ivl'ct'tl-
blatt, Kathryn ('ole. t'hn‘a llolde". lien»

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sincerely yours.
LOUISE D. PERSONS.

)amin (.‘ohen, Ray Townsend, and Hand
lx‘osc.

  
 

'lhe S't‘d’l‘l-i Cortical; News has been a
force for good in our student life. Its

leadership has been intelligent and pro-

   

 ] etnlgt‘atulale you and your
staff on the achievements of your ﬁrst
decade anti conﬁdently look forward to

yet greater things from your efforts.

ALFRED E. DEDIGKE
EDITEIlflllST Riws

Four Women And Slx Men Head
Paper Since Founding On
October 4. 1916

In celebrating tbt. tenth birthday an»
ttit't't'sttt'y of the News, it is ﬁtting that
we should cast a thought or two to the
people \\‘ho have been Inmt responsible
for its at‘cotnplislnnenls in the past.

The News l. folttlded in 1916-17
with Alfred 1i. IJedieke, '18, as editor"
ill-t‘lllt'l. lle bore the honor of piloting
the "baby News" through its first year.
He was succeeded by Kathryn t‘ole. '18.
Miss t‘ole resides at H l,.eonard avenue,
l’n'ooklyn. She was the ﬁrst woman to
be etlitor~in~chief of the News and took
over the reins of government when
women were called to ﬁll men‘s positions
during the World war.

l’llt‘ltlg‘ 1918-19, Itonuld ;\1. Tower,
now principal of Jling‘lnuntou Junior
High sebool, became talitor»in-ebief. and
was succeeded the following year by
Kenneth 1’. Holben of \\’illianistown,
.\ ass, liollowil \lr. Ilolhen, l". Neg-
'ork t‘i , piloted

 

   

 

    

inald llruce. of New \
ltt‘  vs through its ﬁfth ye.

The sixth head of the growing \v--kly
was its second woman ebief, Louise 1).
l't‘t‘sohs. of Slim rlands aml in 1022-
23 the leader revutc, avain to a
man, Robert Macliarlane, an Albanian,
'13. He was succeeded by Dorothy \t'.
liennit. also of .\|bany, class of '2-1, who
in turn relinrptished the rulinrr power in
favor of another member of het‘ sex,
Kathleen Ii. lim‘man of East Rochester,
class of '-5

llarry S: Codi

   

 

   

    

 

 
 

\, '26, was elected to
the ofﬁce of Clllt executive for last
year. He resides in Cohortou. Edwin
\'an Kleeek, '27, of Waterford, present
cditor-in-ehief, succeeded him l:--.t June.

TOWER SENDS GREETINGS
You may be assured that I shall be
thinking of you Saturday night. Will
you please extend my best wishes to all
the alnlnni back and to the present board
of teachers? I sincerely hope the party
will be a great success, and that this
year will be the best in the 'history of
the S'rarr. tetra-2m: News,
ours,
Donna M. ’l‘owra.

 

 

 

 

 

 

ALm-m Demekr. '18

 

A. R. BRunAcncl

ll

Fin! Editor at News

 

unaware. , . to...“

 

 

 

, ELLio'r, 1926

 

 

 

A Personal Message

For The Business Men

of Albany

The power of the State College”
News is writing Albany trade
values into the buying minds of
the “ lilillionarea."

Three things should the prospec-
tive advertiser»—whethcr in a mat-
ropolitan daily or a college weekly
—ask a newspaper: “ How many
people read your newspaper?"

. . “Have they the money to
lnly my goods?" "Are they
responsive to advertising?”

livery week eleven hundred col-
lege students read the State Col-
legc News—not glance through it,
but read it. from beginning to end,
news, advertising, editorials. They
carry it with them into hundreds
of Albany homes where the whole
family reads it. Seventy—ﬁve fac«
ulty members get it and read it
every week.

$1,250,000, (Albany Chamber of
Commerce ﬁgures) is spent by
this concentrated buying group
(the “Millionarea'U in Albany
every year. The ideal of ram-
{ilalc coverage of this ﬁeld is real-
ized through the College News.
and in no other wav. it is not
only the strongest, but also almost
the only '11. 1e scllilr' force in the
colle 'e t\lnllonarea.'

College students like—and buy—
good clothes, good furniture. good
food, good entertainment. good
books. They likcv-and buy—pack-
age foods, fur coats, musical in-
struments, and radios, silk stock-
itth and jewelry. Their guide to
the market is the College News.

Do you want to impress this col-
lege audience (the “Millionarea”)
here in Albany? Do you want to
“sell them ” on anything?

If you do, come along the “Col-
lege Newsvway." Your copy in
their paper will attract their at-
tention. Your facts, told in a
medium which they read. will
“sell them " what you have.

A letter or phone call will brim:
you a studcuesalesman who knows
the market as well as the medium.

 
 

 

 

 

