. t‘q

. V . I . . ; . i -
3 9 t c t t o o («'0 I o'o- o'o'o'i'o o'o'o‘o'o i'o‘a . I't'o'o \

The excitement that ﬁlled Madison Square
Garden this past week was unlike any it has
seen in a long timeuThe Who were back.
doing their ﬁrst New York concerts since
l975. For ﬁve nights. September l3. l4. |6. l7

and 18, The Who rocked the Garden.

performing with the same combination of raw
energy and intelligence which has made them

Laurel Solomon

 

’ Hours before the show was to begin. the
streets were ﬁlled with anxious fans. busily
inspecting T-shirts. posters and drugs.
attempting to be well-prepared for the
evening. The scalpers were doing an excellent
business. preying on the devotion of the
Who’s fans. Tickets were going for as much
as two-hundred dollars a pair, with many
people willing to pay such elaborate prices to
see one of the world’s premiere rock bandsin
action.

By eight o’clock the Garden was
completely packed. The audience was first
treated to a preview of the new Who film,
Quadrophenia, a dramatization of their
album of the same name. Although one
couldn't get a very clear idea of what the
picture will be like. we were luckly enough to
hear such songs as "The Punk Meets the
Godfather". “Sea and Sand". "Drowned" and
“The Real Me". along with some incredible
scenes. The images in the movie seem to
correspond remarkably well with those in the
book "Quadrophenia" which is included with
the record album The audience reaction was
quite good. and we can look forward to the
release of the entire movie sometime in
November.

At eight-thirty. The Who hit the stage.
Roger Daltrey. clad in a black sleeveless T-
shirt and faded blue Levys was every bit the
sex symbol he's always been. even though his
waving blond mane has been clipped to the
length it was fifteen years ago. He still has all
of his energy of that period. prancing around
the stage. swinging his microphone.

Peter Townshend, the backbone of The
.Who. was also in fine form. Dressed entirely
in black. he only exhibited the red shirt he
wore underneath alter the strain of jumping
up and down for over an hour had gotteri to
him. He executed all the moves he’s famous
for. leaps from the drump platform to the
floor, strumming along the entire time. He did
it all, the mid-air splits. the Chuck Berry
dances across the stage. He was a legend"
alive before our eyes.

John Entwistle was his usual unassuming
sell, dressed. strangely enough. in white (an
unusual color for such a morbid person, who
could call a solo album of his “Rigor Mortis").
Kenney Jones, former drummer for the
Faces. and the newest member of the Who
(having replaced the late. great Keith Moon
after his untimely death last September). was
all ready. prepared to prove himself to this
audience who would be sure to pass
judgment on him. ‘

"Substitute". the first number. set the
crowd on fire. Performed basically the same
as it is in the studio version. the band
managed to give it a bluesier feel. giving new
life to a song that has been around since l966.
Although it wasn't the most powerful song
they could have chosen for - an opening
number. any music by The Who was enough
to send the crowd raving.

One of the few other early songs they
performed was a lively version of "l Can't
Explain", with Townshend executing the first
of several guitar solos of the evening. The
addition of the keyboardist John "Rabbit"
Bundrick and a three-piece horn section
(trumpet, saxophone, trombone). gave him
the. chance to do more lead guitar playing as
he is usually responsible for more of the
rhythm work as well.

The album “Quadrophenia” .twas
emphasized, as promotion for the movie. The
more notable selections were performed.
including “The Punk Meets the Godfather".
"5:l5". "Drowned", and “The Real Me". All of
these were extremely effective, Daltrey’s
voice still as clear and powerful as it always
was, lending intense feeling to Townshend's
introspective lyrics.

Another feature album was the classic
“Who's Next". Featured was a brilliant
version of "Baba O'Reily“. a tribute to
Townshend’s spiritual inspiration. Meher.
ﬁbre The auﬁiencc reacted emphatically to I
' t nong. wit massive cheers ‘
lines "Teenage Wasteland" amlghgugxelﬁj

Wasted“, for they all were. and they were all
proud of it. John Entwistle was featured in his
song. “My Wife". Classic Entwistle. exhibiting
no emotion whatsoever. he could be
standing on a platform waiting for a subway
rather than singing for thousands of people.
"Behind Blue Eyes". perhaps one at the most
beautiful Who songs and definitely an incisive
look into the mind of Peter Townshend, was a
highlight of the evening. The lights dimmed so
that one could barely see Daltrey then. boom.
power chord. and the tears that you felt
coming during the first half the of the song
vanish as you get up to dance, clap. whatever,
you just can’t sit in your seat any longer.
Another great Entwistle song. "Boris the
Spider" was. at least for me, an unexpected
treat. The always macabre Entwistle sang of

  
   
 
  
 
 
  
 
   
  
 
   
  
      

..

his fiery little furry friend. "Look. he's crawling
up my wall. black and hairijry small". while
Daltrey and Townshend harmonized on the
words “Creepy. crawly", in the background.
Regardless of the less than appetizing subject‘

matter. the audience loved it. and it was’

interesting to see the band working with
Entwistle as the focal point.

“My Generation." one of the anthems of
the Sixties. was featured in the program (and
also. incidentally. in the Quadrophenia
preview clip, during a Hell's Angel riot). Two
different versions were presented, the first a
really laid-back blues, which upset me. l was
afraid that The Who had grown old. lost their
spirit, and were making fun of their former
image. But no. they soon launched into the

‘ lfamiffdr‘ ‘Version; ‘Dalti’ey'angry ‘as- ever.‘

stuttering enough to make you want to drag
the words out of his mouth, creating enough
excitement and energy to heat New York for
a year.

Disaster struck Monday night, when Peter
Townshend injured his hand. The concert
had to be stopped in the middle. so that the
ailing guitarist could be repaired. in the
meantime, Daltrey. perhaps fearful of a

—rioting crowd, refused to allow the house
‘lights to be turned on. and determined that he

would entertain the audience himself. An
impromptu blues jam with Daltrey on
harmonica. Entwistle adding a few notes here
and there, and Kenney Jones holding his own
was what resulted. ‘

The real test for Kenney Jones was soon to
follow. Daltrey decided that what was needed
was a drum solo. Jones did a fine job.
considering that he had very little time to
prepare. He proved that he is a fine drummer
in his own right, he never once tried to imitate
Moon or outdo him. His efforts were well-
received by the audience.

Fifteen minutes having gone by, Daltrey
was running out of things to do. As a last
resort. he grabbed Townshend's guitar. and
did a surprisingly good job on an improvised
blues piece. After several minutes of this, and
a humble acceptance of applause, it was
audience participation time. Roger Daltrey
led fifteen thousand people in an acappella
version of “My Generation”. Pool)“2
screaming at the top of their lungs "l hope l die
before I get old!". quite an experience, really.
Some people in the front row next suggested
that we sing “Magic Bus". which we did. soon
to be joined by a recovered Townshend who,
entering amidst deafening cheers. put in a
superhuman effort in order to repay the
audience for their patience and
understanding (That’s how he saw it.
Actually, lwas thankful that lhad the chance
to see such an incredible exhibit on the part of
Roger Daltrey). l was especially impressed by
the way Daltrey handled the situation-he is a
true showman. The love that he, as well as the
rest of the band has for the audience. their
fans, was never so evident as in this instance.

"Tommy." probably the band's most well
known work. was next to be featured.
Spotlight on Townshend doing some terrific
solo work. then into a fiery version of "Pinball
Wizard" that sent the few members of the
audience who had sat down all during the
show ﬂying back onto their feet. Then
everything quiets down as Daltrey launches
into "See me. feel me"-- green and red lasers
shoot out at you. it is becoming something of
a mystical experience. Then “Listening to
You". and it's a spiritual, the spotlights are on
the audience. and everyone’s singing to the
band: "Listening to you, I get the
music/Gazing at you. I get the
heat/Following you. I climb the mountains/I
gel excitement at yourfeet/Right behind you.
I see the millions/On you. I see the
glory/From you. I get opinions/From you. I
get the story" The audience was involved toa
degree that l've never seen at any other
concort. it was really quite incredible.

The Who's latest studio album, "Who Are
You", was also promoted quite a bit. “Good
bye Sister Disco” was an anthem of the
rockers at the concert. and chants of "Disco
Sucks" followed the song (to which
Townshend replied. "This song isn't really
about disco". Your guess is as good as mine).
The same reaction followed “Long Live
Rock" (from “Odds and Sods" or “The Kids
Art.- Alright" soundtrack. take your pick.)
Everyone was singing along with this one. and
flier were loud protestations when
Townshend sang “Rock is dead”.

"The Music Must Change". also from the
new album was performed. as well as the title
song.

The concert literally closed with a blast. A
flash of light that momentarily convinced me
that l'd be blind for life opened the Who's
classic “Won’t Get Fooled Again", which
closed the show. it had more power. more
truth to it, than when it was first released in
1971. and the audience felt it. After this
number, the band loitered on the stage for
awhile. reluctant to leave. then disappeared
and, needless to say. were called back for and
encore. The encores varied each night, they
included "Trick of the Light" (Who Are You).
"The Real Me" (Quadrophonia), and various
numbers and jams from the “Live At Leeds"
album.

In this series of concerts The Who truly
proved that rock is not dead. Long Live Rock
and Long Live The Who!

i I

 

   
 
     

w wins-us >Mn3ns ‘ . '

a, who was once in Jay and the
'cans, is in his late thirties and looks like
y Manilow with thinning hair. He's a
p with a huge ego and a power trip
lex. When it got around to about one
 I heard Sandy call out, “Barry
". l grabbed my guitar hurried to the
' i got a chance to meet the alternate
,aul. John and Ringo who were going to
r 2 up. In this band (incidentally, they
i h band a "Bunk"-‘Bunk l. Bunk 2.
he standout was the John. His name
'ndy Clark (no longer with the show)
5 a dead ringer for Lennon. Sure
V . Sandy asked me to do “Here Comes

", l stepped up to the microphone with
ustic strapped around me and began
the opening notes, Once i started
the rest flowed easily. 1 never played it
Afterwards. Sandy said to play
I r George-Beatles song so l (lid“l Need
om "Help!" That was it. Then another
‘ id histhing.Afterallofthiswnsover.
' nounced the list of people he wanted
. :again in two days. Ashe was reading
tines. l heard “....Barry Kesten.,.." l
t my brother with a big smile. We
"log to be back!
me home and told everyone the great
being called back for the finals. The
titer interesting thing to happen during
., in between the two auditions was the
~ _ ckout in New York City. Again. that

mg 'C did not get any sleep clue to my growing
anxrety.

The finals callback was a lot less crowded
than'»the previous audition. At one point.
L Mitch Weissman dropped by to watch. He
even helped out by backing up a Lennon on
"A Day in The Life". Also, one of the
roducers. Steve Leber, came down.
Coincidentally. Leber and Sandy Yaguda
th live only five minutes from me.) l only
d to sing "Here Comes The Sun". l must've
(K’been tired because l did not do as well this
time. There was one fellow trying out for

_ rge who was phenomenal. His name was
Tom'Teeley. As we were talking. he told me
_ at, he was wearing a wig because his hair
wastreddish-blonde. The guy really looked
like George. As a musician he was letter
perfect. Obviously he got the part-and

servedly so. He‘s still playing George today
oniBroadway. My reaction upon not getting
Q part was of the normal let dowr1 but as I
ﬁt! before. Teeley was the best one there.
er that summer, I finally went to see the
w with my girlfriend. it just so happened
= At the night we went. the band that backed
lg): up at the auditions, Bunk 2, was

r

   
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
   
 
  
  
  

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
 

 

 

 

 

    

5‘
N

 

  

 

 

 

 

   
   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
  
  

 

    

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

forming. it was a bit different seeing them
lay on a theatre stage.
be next year consisted of the usual college
ind and performing in my own Beatles band.
ing mostly college concerts. In this band
as a fellow named Mark Abrahams who l
ivtnet at the auditions. He tried out for Paul and
as very good except that he is a bit on the
hort side. As opposed to the twenty-nine
ongs performed in “Beatlemania”. we would
0 fifty to sixty Beatle songs per concert. The

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  

 

 

 

 

 

 
    

     

 

only thing Is, we never atten. .  ...s up
and look like the Beatles. Also, during this
period, I got to know Mitch Weissman and
many of the other cast members.

One Saturday afternoon, I had lunch with
Bennett Gale (Ringo - Bunk 3) at Wolf's
Delicatessen across the street from the
Winter Garden. Afterwards. he invited me to
the dressing rooms and backstage before the
matinee. Most of the guys in the show are
very nice and i still receive a warm “Hey
Barry. howya doing?" when [visit the theatre.

One day. Mark called me at school and told
me that he went down to S.l.R. and they were
going to hold more auditions real soon. I felt
as if God was giving me a third chance. By
now. l was obsessed with this whole thing. For
this series of auditions l rehearsed many
hours a day and went all out to look like
Harrison. Instead of the “Let It Be" period.
which is how I looked last time.l had my hair
cut to look like George during "A Hard Day's
Night" its well as dyed for the exact shade of
dark brown. To top everything off. l wanted to
look ultra-thin. especially to give the gaunt
Harrison look, so i dieted and lost 26 lbs. in
just two and a half weeks (with college food
it's alot easier than you might think). l was not
heavy to begin with. but now I was a rail. l
brushed up and studied films of the Beatles in
concert to get Harrison's moves down to a T.
All of this might sound silly but l found out that
Weissman had to lose 35 pounds. After he 'got
the part. the first Bunk George (the ugly one)
got a lot of dental work (and he still looks like

Mr. Ed). two Pauls got nose jobs-J could go
on and on.

At this series of auditions. 1 did beautifully-
so did Mark. This time l played half the songs
from the show. I was even applauded. This
all happened over a period of a few weeks.
Sandy said he has wanted Mark and l to see
the show a lot, so we could get in free. Every '
Wednesday. Mark would pick me up after he
got off from work. Then we'd catch the show
that night as well as the next night. We would
always have out seats in the left-middle box.
We were now common faces to the
usherettes. One night we almost created a
riot. We were sitting in our box and. during
intermission. people started looking up at us.
You see. Mark looks very much like
McCartney. All of a sudden. young teeny
hoppers were crowding our box shoving
programs in Mark's face asking for
autographs. They must have thought he was
one of the show's Pauls. Everyone in the
theatre who didn't see this. heard about it.
heard about it.

Getting back to the auditions. there was
only one other George in competition with
me. His name was Chris and he worked as a
bartender at the Winter Garden. He was a
very good guitarist but didn't look anything
like George nor sound like him. Sandy had us
both play the same things but couldn't make
up his mind. To resolve this situation. he had
Chris and l leave the room so he could confer
with some of the guys who were already in the
show and get their opinions. The only reason l

know the following is because my brother .

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

i 1-3

Paul isn't dead. But this isn’t Paul. He’s Reed Kailing. Reed is Paul. But Paul isn’t Reed.

    

rynis  Far  -

Read all about Paul and Reed and the rest. Or don't.

Jeff, who came with_ me this time was sitting
quietly in the corner unnoticed. He told me
that Sandy said that l reminded him of Teeley
(his best George). Then he proceeded to ask
the various guys who they liked better - Chris
of me? All of them preferred me. However.
when Sandy came out. he said that both of us
would be his Georges for the next two Bunks.
That was fine with me - it was great! We both
got the job! Sandy then said to come back
next week because he needs to first find some
Johns and Pauls for our Bunks. lwas sky-high
that whole week. Even my brother admitted
that I did my George-schlick better—59f”
have ever done it before. Little did 1 know that
l was in for a shocker.

Whenl went back to S.l.R. the next week,
Chris and l got to play more and back up
some John and Paul audionees. At the end of
the auditions. Sandy said. “Ok, the following
people stay. The others must leave. Thank
you." Then he started pointing. "Chris - you »
you in the back - you..." l then realized he
went right over me! l couldn't believe what
was happening. Afterwards. I approached
Sandy and asked him what was going on. All
he said was, "Sorry you weren't picked". l
then told him that he, himself. said l was
excellent. but his half-assert reply was "l can
not give you a reason. It‘s just intuition."

‘ When i walked out i felt as if the floor dropped

out from under my feet. Here l was with a

“You're my next George" now "I can

“You're my next George" now “i can't give

you a reason". The frustrating part was trying

to figure out why he said yes and later.
changed his mind. l played just as well this

week. By the way. ,Mark also got the shaft

after originally being given a "yes" this time

around. l guess the old adage really applies

here: "That's Show Biz".

1 still keep up on the show and keep in
contact with some of the guys performing.
Weissman is still raking in about a grand a
week. Many others have been fired or quit.
Some never even made it past rehearsals. A
friend of mine who played Ringo in New York,
Chicago and Washington. and who has since
been axed. finally gave me the real lowdown
as to why I got the shaft. it seems that Sandy
thought I had "an attitude". By coming in so
well prepared. Musically and appearance wise
l came off very cock sure of muself. That's
one way of looking at it. Others in the cast and
l tend to think of it as giving 100% effort and
showed how much l was willing to do to
perform for the Show. Aside from the surface
experience. one thing l did was get a good
taste of the “Show Business" and one thing's
for sure-- the flavor needs something to be
desired.

  

i
l
i

