   

»-. “5‘.

Aspects

‘l‘ .,

Sound on

 
 

ti Vision

  

 

 

 

 

 

. Mirrors swirl before Me . f can see myself,
an image of the me I know. i see colors, blue
and green, and others and the world of them.
I rely on colors as the quickest, most concrete
description f can give of something. I also can
see smiles, frowns, noses. ears, breasts, toes,
and the animals too. My eyes spy trees and
ﬂowers, white women, black women . black
men. white men. all living things. They are all
visible. Stevie Wonder is blind. Blind to colors,
to shapes. to sights, the man is blind! He
doesn't see color, he can't see faces. he's
never seen me. The man just does not see.
Never has. '

Quincy Nessig

Then there are plants. Ferns. grass.
beautiful weeds and ugly ﬂowers, bushes,
trees, more. When you and I think of them.
we just think green. it is an easy simplification.
the basic description: green. Stevie Wonder
rust thinks plants. Living. breathing. Objects 0f
oeauty that give him satisfaction merely
because they exist. Surrounding humanity.
they are born, they grow up, they get old.
shrivel up. and die. Their lives have meaning
despite our refusal to note it. We take from
them. we take them for granted, we stomp
them. cut them away. and perhaps enjoy
them. Stevie Wonder, however. knows them.
As in human beings. he has seen that the color
they are hides their value, covers their
usefulness. We could learn from plants. but
now, we might just as well learn from Stevie.
for he has been there. with them. and in them
he has found a message worth noting. A col-
orful tale of life.

if men could be deified, then Stevie Wonder
could be a god. Hts notes near perfection like
no other recorded musician. his ear is the
closest thing to music we've got alive today.
He cannot see. but he has sight into things you
and l can't envision. We are blind to his world.
so we hear it, Our ears strive to take in
everything he's seen, and there is connection.
He is so aware of the perfect note, achieving
an unmatched satisfaction at hearing the right
sequence of notes. a tune. He is undoubtedly
entering a third phase, after a precocious
childhood. an ingenious adolescence. to a
current young adulthood. He is 28.

Stevie Wonders Journey Through The
Secret Life 0] Plants was three years in the
making. When Songs In The Key 0/ Life
came out roughly 27 months after Fulfill-
ingness'First Finale, cries of "it's About Time!"
were more than common. Striving for perfec-
tion was one thing, but no less than seven
release delays was unacceptable. But the
results made it acceptable. for it proved to be
time well spent. Now, 37 months have elaps-
ed between Songs and Journey. and the time
was well spent again. Perhaps we are ac-
customed to prolific artists releasing yearly
LP's consistently for a decade, but Stevie
doesn't regard time very much, and works like
crazy until he's done. And then some.

The man plays and sings and writes just
about everything on the new record. even
more so than previous masterpieces. master-
pieces like the haunting. thrilling Fulliflingness.
the active. impressive Inneruisions, the
youthful, emotional, Talking Book, the
primal. experimental Music of My Mind.
However, the new work is more than ever a
triumph in conception and realization plus
sheer talent for music: A magical voice. an

 

  

 

 

 

ability to produce and arrange without flaw.
and the god—given gift of writing what can be
termed the most appealing tunes around to-
day. Not appealing to big hit sensibilities, but
the musical ear. it Is astourding. It is a real
pleasure. Let us journey through Journey
Through the Secret Life of Plants.

Stevie has given us few instrumental pieces
before now, "Contuslon" and "Easy Goin
Evening," both off of Songs, are exceptions.
The former Is a funky Jeff Beckian con-
glomeratlon, the latter a lazy remembrance of
a breezy spring night while rocking on a rural
porch. Most of Journey‘s side one Is In-
strumental. and Stevie wrote it all and plays
95 percent of the instruments. its diversity is
broad. the results. staggering. The first step of
the journey ls "Earth's Creation."

"Earth‘s Creation"lis majestic. A sweeping.
explosive first step rumbles a beginning, evolv-
ing into the calm, simple placidity of “The First
Garden." as indeed it might have been. The

 v' , v -‘ r. a, -'."'

1.7“
f

I
71"

uer of sound effects throughout invites all sorts
of forest sounds into the trip. A sitar joins
Stevie for the "Voyage to lrrdia." as the seeds
of Eden make their way to other parts of the
world. By now. one is already possessed by
the command of instruments this gentleman
has - piano. synthesizers. drums. percussion.
bass. harmonica. His voice hasn't been irr-
rroducctl yet.

"Same Old Story" introduces it indeed, in
one of the Wonder's simplest. most beautiful.
most lovable songs yet. His voice suffch none
for aging. only the benefits of experience near
the silver mike. growth and maturity. His har-
monica is also at the pinnacle of effectiveness,
its height ofsirnple cornplicatudncss, slipknots.
The paradox. the music. both exciting. He is
moving. The lyrics? lticlr and earthy. simple
yet pointful liffilctivc.

And there is jrw too. "Vcnus' Flytrap and
the Bug" owns (I bent. running around loose
and hey An oozing. leaking. modem rernum~
hrancr‘ of rrotus past. thoughtfully sung
through the Vocoder to alter its shape into a

I 7.

 

graveliy Satchmo sound. The side ends
somberly, an international Lune is played on
string, keyboard, and child chorus. The three
join together at end for crescendo, and the
journey is a quarter of the way done. Nine and
one quarter months of effort. a pregnancy
yteldirrg a forest: A secret life.

if you listen carefully, side two begins with a
background kallmba of "If it's Magic" the pro
position posed on Songs that leads to the
dynamic duo, "As" and "Another Star."
Stevie is beyond this. The universally appeal-
ing friendliness of "Seasons" is a perfect in-
troduction to what may be a perfect song:
"Power Flower." Stevie does not make black
music, he doesn't make soul, he don't do
disco. It‘s a universal sound, and “Power
Flower" is Stevie at his shinlest. a man for all
music lovers. Stevie does it all here. his singing
Is at an unparralleled height. The harmonica
solo is precious. the chorus of Stevles at the
end divine. “Power Flows; makes it all worth

. t .. i..,t

a;

 

it. Life. the album. and the ten dollars it's got
ing to cost you.

Next comes a pretty instrumental 0f the cur-
rent single. "Send One Your Love," and then
the plants have their say. “Race Babbling" is
the center point of the album, and it s
noticeably different from the other cuts.
Harsh. flaring. pulsating. and intentionally less
aesthetically pleasing than other songs, the
plants (many different ones) makc coy obser-
vations about the predicament man has gotten
himself into. Two horn players help Stevie
out.

The beginning of thi.l second half begins
happily with the current single "Send One
Your Love." Stevic's first "mellow" single
since 1972's "You Are The Sunshine Of My
Life." The happiness continues with "Outside
My Window," an uppity reminder that not on
ly are flowers symbols and vehicles for relating
love and affection, they trrc worthy of it
themselves. The harmony by Stevie on Stevie
during the chorus is what to listen for.
"Black Orchid," a ballad with Words written

        
 

  

In Praise Of Plants

by Yvonne Wright comes next, and then
“Ecclesiastes.” a haunting. chilling Instrumen-
tal, a synthesized keyboard piece that sounds
like a religious or funeral melody: completely
somber. Side three ends lightly. though. with
an African melody. on which Stevie merely
observes, and "Come Back As a Flower." a
song on which Stevie donated the lead vocal
to Syreeta Wright, who also wrote the lyrics.
Stevle's harmonies over Syreeta's lead again
stand out during the choruses, one of the most
beautiful. sleeplly exciting tunes this reviewer
has over heard,

The final side is just that. a finale, that brings
the concept home and ties it up into a totally
conceived project. The unification of the
record happens here. It begins with a live cut
recorded in Africa a while ago, augmented by
some supplemental vocals and instrumenta-
tion done in the studio. “A Seed's A Star's A
Seed" has an Immediate feel, a furious
upbeatedness, an explosive power. Stevie
sounds wild on vocals. alone. through the
Vocoder. and even in the background. it ends
pompously. and leads Into the title track. with
whispers by Stevie saying "Dreamin. , .".

"The Secret Life of Plants" is a tour de
force. The song is an enunciated. thrilling
melody of simplicity: "I can't conceive the
nucleus 0/ all begins inside a tiny seed . i . [or
these are but a law discouerfes we find inside
the Secret Lileo/ Plants:"Dlscoverre.~: about life,
realized through this glorious album. re-
counted in the stunning title trunk. And the
tiny seed spoken of is followed until its ma-
jestic end as a tremendous tree on the next
song. an instrumental tune of the life of the
unnoticed. unappreciated "Tree."

After this glorious pinnacle, the album con-
cludes with "Finale," a recapping of this
musical, botanical tale. an instrumental by
Wonder joining almost all of the previous
tunes in alternative styles. Suddenly. it's over!
And all is peaceful again, as it has, is, and
could remain.

(l stood up and ran to my window. Outside
there was green, The leaves were falling and
there was orange and yellow and brown too. l
opened it and breathed in and stared out at
the life around me. Life that might go unnotic-
ed, but life that goes on vividlyjust the same. l
was trying to understand plants, to receive
them as friends. All of the album's tunes swirl-
ed through me. I played it again. And again
and again and again, loving It.)

Stevie can make me cry and l'm proud to
say it. Glad to know that a stranger to me can
make music close enough to my heart to move
me to tears. To move me to understanding.
To move me ahead, heighten my corr-
sciousness, He can do that. because he is
music. he knows it, he lives and breathes it.
And when he breathes in the air of the plants.
he realized it in a song. from a seed of
thought. roots of his black culture. and stems
of touchable musical instruments. His process
is like the plants he speaks of, Miraculous
growth and uncanny existence.

Modern albums have moved into the range
of concepts often at the vxpense of the music
itself. Here. there is a work that is conceptually
bound by a natural subject, plants, and
achieves musical and lyrrcal continuity as well.
The concept and ideas. and the music and
lyrics stiffer none for the inclusion of the other.
lhls is a unique recording worthy of any
record collection. ofany tastes. Discover it and

the secret may become yours. .

  

   

  
      
    

Page 90

, Sound and Vision

 

 

.~ Roger Waters writes about people who feel
the most complete sensation of isolation.
loneliness and insanity. due to common and
' often sacred elements of society. presented
lyrically with simple symbolism. Ever since
Pink Floyd founder and initial chief Syd Bar-
rett was tucked away forever in a mental irr-
stltution. the surviving band members pushle
on by themselves. And if Syd was not there in
body. he was certainly there in mind. because
,1, Roger hasn't Stopped thinking about him for
i the last eleven years. ever since the day that

.  1 quwso

the mind and conceptual wizard of the group
became lyricisibassistvocalist-sundry in-
struments player Waters. it was quite 2r way to
gain the freedom of complete lyrical expres
sion with the musical aid of one of the tightest
most compatible bands around. Guitarist Bur-
rett was replaced by David Gilmour, a young
English chap who was vital in spurring lllt.‘
band on after the horror of Barrett‘s demise.
o in late 1908. the Pink Floyd that exists to
day in The Wolf was first joined together. with

- "a tragedy behind them. a need to express it in
\ front of them. and an array of dazzling new

technology that could help runli/c it all on a
twelve inch recording

The earlier efforts were taunting. 1900's
Atom Heart Mother found Gilmour doing
some stunning guitar work (the solo in "if" is
haunting), and Waters making an early at-
tempt at album cohesion. resulting in the
primitive but indicative title suite. The desire to
unify an album under a single idea. ex-
perimentation with repetition. orchestration.
production, and lyrical departures all were
honed to perfection in future works. but
revealed themselves from the start when this
cow-ridden album arrived.

, wBefore the apocalyptic The Dark Side ofter
Moon in 1973. the group spent almost five
years preparing. working out the themes on
other albums. perfecting the concept In all the
lyrics that appeared prior to it, There was Um-
magumrnu, half-live. frail-studio. all strange;
Obscured by Clouds, the relatively obscure LP
that features a lot of Gilmoer acoustic; More,
the soundtrack album of a forgotten theme;
and Maddie. the last step, a sometimes
brilliant. but nevertheless still somewhat crude
LP. containing "Echoes" and "One of These
Days" as perfect examples of these almost
great works.

Then came' The Dark Side of the Moon in
1973, Wish You Were Herein 1975, Animals
e, in 1977 and now. The Wall. ft is clear that
when the first of these came out over six years
ago, Pink Floyd had arrived at a level of skill in
all departments that insured the greatness of
their music, no matter what facet, what note.
what word, what sound is being examined.
That level has not only been sustained, but
now, with The Wall. eclipsed once again. This
‘T eighty minute recording is astounding. a
musical thrill to behold, a lyrical poison to feed
on. ft is the quintessential recording of not on-
ly everything they have ever been attempting
musically and conceptually, but the
quintessential recording of what artistic rock
music Is all about.

While the last three works examined insani-
ty as a result of existing social conditions. and
those conditions themselves, the new work
zeroes in on a particular case with carefully
chosen details, markedly pointed blame, and
a horrific conclusion that no longer leaves any
one even a hint of a way out. The Ironically
devastating finale of the wall being battered

s‘

   

 

 

    
 
  
   
  
 

  
 
  
    
    
    
    
    
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
   
  
    
    
  
 

  

  

 

Tmea r'siown

.
down. as ghostly pscduo-friends march about
it. leaves the character exposed and yet more
walled up then ever. The very process of
eliminating the wall around the guilty anti~hero
is actually strengthening it on another level.
But what is this Wall and who is it surrounv
ding? Thu Wallis sealing some male person off
from society as a whole. Each forced input irr-
to his life was. as Floyd says. "just another
brick in the wall." The disappearance of a
father. a domineering mother. the classic strict
schoolmaster. love. so-called success. war.
superstardom gone awry. these are all the key
elements highlighted in the construction of the
wall that will effectively block the "victim" off
from society. or force him to face it leaving
him "comfortably numb." From birth to
what can be called a death. what is as close to
a death as death itself. the rut that a growing
child suddenly finds himself in. already too
deeply entrenched. too deeply rooted.
deepens. making the wall higher. One

possesses no control at all. By the time a per
son comes of the age where control can be
taken, it has already been misdirected by the
elements that were there before, the wall
builders that have had a fifteen or more years
head start.

Complete imprisonment to a society. with
law-givers and customs-makers sitting wearing
judges robes and cirurning out what is accep-
table and what isn't acceptable at the expense
of everyone.

On side one there is childhood.
Even before the birth itself. the not yet existing
person has been subjected to the wall already.
as the. father not known runs off. and the upbr-
inging and schooling that will conre prepare
themselves. The ice is tlrln from day one, says
Waters. and the primal "Ooooh Babe" that re-
sounds through the entire LP as a desperate
plea to someone that's maybe not somewhere
is already screamed.

The theme song that is repeated three times
in three different forms appears twice on side
one. The first is for the parents. and is
elaborated further it] "Mother", sidt- one's
chilling closer. The second is fer the

 ﬁsts:

no
a .

schoolmaster and his teac ers: " eaue us kids
alone!" ‘

Side two raises our anti-hero from a child to
a young adolescent to a self-hating rock star
who has been raised in the wake of the second
World War. The change from childhood to
young adulthood has been characterized by
"Empty Spaces" which still exist. and which
still cannot be filled, The new star arrives In a
big town seeking sex from any female. and
when he arrives at his hotel with his new
possession. his reaction is cold alienation. and
then a fit of perverted rage. that culminates in
the destruction of the room and the final part
of the three sided theme song. the last bricks in
the wall. The side closes intentionally simply
with “Goodbye Cruel World". the anti-hero's
final comment before cementing In the last
brick,

The last bricks come from love. or the lack
of it, or the illusion of its existence. or
everything n’egative that ever existed in it. The

 

 

side two sexual encounter is disgusting
through and through; the sad and pitiably
laughale sarcasm in the track "Don't Leave
Me Now" speaks of this as strikingly vivid as
can be done,

After side two, the situation is discernably
different. The cruel world has been left. but
even inside the wall. Waters makes it perfectly
clear that nothing has left. nothing has been
avoided, The opening “Hey You" is an im-
mediate plea to anyone, the first reaction left
behind the wall. Standing all alone, the airti-
hero ironically says ‘Together we stand. divid-
ed we [afl.". Loneliness sets in quickly. The
ambiguous question “is There Anybody Out
There?" is as banal as "Goodbye Cruel
World." the simple terms that the anti-hero
uses emphasize the primitive truth in all of this.

At least inside the wall. the "victim" appears
to be more aware of what is lacking in his life.
and seems to be able for the first time to make
some serious, basic reflections. “Nobody
Home" is a masterpiece example of this simple
resignation to the surety that there is no
chance for success. He recalls "Vera."
perhaps an old flame. or a symbol of

 

 

    
  
 

   

something t at was good once? All of t is
realistic self-reflection leaves him
“Comfortably Numb," just about the right con-
dition for the performance given on side four,
the concert.

As on side two, the weakness of the anti-
hero wins out over any real desires. |.e. his
treatment of the woman during “One Of My
Turns." He does not want the show to go on,
so he questions it. But to who? He still retains
enough freedom to present the doubts. but
not enough drive to follow them through into
decision. The show indeed does go on, for
two songs. as it did before birth, only now. the
"victim" ls alive, fully numb. and a true pro-
duct of the three elements that destroyed him.

if we are to believe that the pseudo-live per-
formance given on side four is the real anti-
hero making a final personal appearance. then
can it be really him? No. All of the realities he
tries to experience, love as a prime example,
lead him to falsehoods, and frail-intentional
destructions. Side four is scary. The lyrics tell
us that "Pink isn't well he stayed back at the
hotel" and the conclusion that "l’ink" decided
who to substitute themselves with ties in reality
to the album. Is the anti-hero really Waters
himself. Mr. Pink Floyd? It‘s a frightening
crossing of the album theme to reality. forcing
us to examine it in current. real terms.

“Waiting For The Worms." "Stop," “The
Trial." and “Outside the Wall," form the corr-
clusion. after the performance of life. after all.
Conccptuaily. these four songs put the theme
all together. Musically. they are fascinating.

"Waiting for the Worms" is insanity, Like
nriragt-s In the desert. a dying hero awaits the
end. resigning himself. flashing his life before
his eyes. seeing images. his own bitterness. his
own good. the mind boggling combination of
both that exists in the same man. "Stop" is that
final moment of lucidity. the only instant in the

record where one could argue the triumph of
good over evil. in his last moment of any
touch with reality. he feels a primal and in-
stinctual need to know what was right, who
can be blamed. who has done wrong. The sar-
donic answer arrives in "The Trial." an event
of justicu which brings in mama. lover and
teacher as star witnesses. Still ready to jump
nil him with a fervor, they have not changed a
bit.

So they tear down his wall in the name of
justice. or sanity. or any concept of supposed
logic that is as subjective as life itself. So he
ends up outside the wall, "some mad bugger"
(This is what his friends call him). the same
way the album begins. Life is a cycle and all
that rock.

And by the way. this is rock. “'5 rock in its
truest form. art, artful. tasteful with a bad taste.
and successful. Pink Floyd has never given us
their message as effectively as now, and that is
success. f can also say that Gilmour's guitar
work is better than ever. or as good. that
Mason and Wright are as potent as ever, that
Bob Ezrirr as co-producer was a good idea. In
light of the content, however, such
breakdowns are unnecessary.

The music itself is a conglomeration of every
sound they've ever made. synthesized Into the
new work. The toughness of Animals. the
piercing quietness of Wish You Were Here.
the fullness of Dark, the early sounds. lt's
diverse, and there are sounds here Pink Floyd
has never made before. It's a total work.

The Wall is Pink Floyd's finest hour (and
twenty minutes) in the bleakest moment
they’ve ever created. Hear this album
(completely) and see why Pink Floyd is the
definitive musical collaboration of the decade.

        

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

