Hum“; . .

   

 
  
 

‘, V l P I I I l .1 >
‘IM-‘T ' "0'": t‘l‘t.|'l,9' "zliilzét’hLKI'
. .

 

3,.

'Ivblinntnoctttclvl

 
    

. a

"-3. i.‘a".'-i‘.‘ .
i‘sh‘c 5"? ‘1'

A Partial Presc

  
 

.pii«:

  
  

   
 

 

.s

rip

51.»

tion

   

"For Improving America’s
Economics Performance:

The Case For

 

The unexpected growth in economic
activity which occurred in the third quarter of
this year was viewed by most economists and
governmental policy-makers as bad rather
than good news.

The reason for this seemingly strange view
has to do with the consumer‘s response to
current and expected levels of inﬂation.
Public attitudes of"buy now. before the price
goes up" and “why save since inflation will
make savings worth less in the future" have
resulted in the consutncr spending the highest
percenlrigc of his income anti consequently
saving the lowest percentage than in any
quarter since the great depression of the
l910‘s.

Savings. however. provide the funds for
investment and investment provides
tcclinologi 'al advances and productivity
increases which result in rising standards of
living iii the long run.

America‘s pericluint for high consumption
and low investment has been held by man to
be responsible for the very low growtlt in
productivity we |ia\c experienced in the past
several years. indeed. otir 4.2‘52 third-utiartcr
savings rate compares with a more titan 15%
rate for Germany and more lltaii 20C} for.
Japan. two high-technology faster-grwoth
economies.

in order to stimulate investment. marin
economists have recommended rcdttcing

’taXes on proﬁts and providing additional tax
incentives for investment, However. given the
economic and political climate ol'the cotintry.
it does riot seem possible to enact investment-
stimulating tax cuts. if undertaken in the
traditional manner.

in the past. tax cuts on profits have
generally been enacted as part of a larger
across-thc-board cut in Federal income taxes.
ll indeed. we are in a period of recession. we
can expect government revenues to decline as
a result of lower proﬁtability of business and
lower employment of individuals. whil - at the
same time. we can expect government
expenditures to grow. to provide relief in the
form of extended unemployment insurance
beneﬁts and other cyclical aid under existing

job and welfare programs, in consequence.

 

“Luxury Taxation

u it e elicitwilisoar.andtoinl‘lictasubstantial
tax cut on a rapidly widening budget deﬁcit
amidst continuing rapid inﬂation appears
neither prudent nor likely.

Let us instead. reduce taxes or. proﬁts. but
pay forthcse tax reductions byimposing taxes
on things that rich people buy. This would
cr'at'- an additional incentive for people to
invest rather than consume. since the cost of
lavish consumption would be raised.

The proposed tax would cover a broad
array of goods and services: it would generally
not be imposed on sales below the median
selling price of the good or service and would
become steeply progressive at high
percentiles.

What this would mean. as applied to the
stile of. for cxa triple. a n atttomobilc. would be
that there would he no tax on new car sales of
uttdcr $6.000. a modest tax between six and

teii thousand dollars. and perhaps a 52.000 to
$4,000 tax on a $20.00“ car. The same
pliilosphy would be applied to sales ofhouscs.
watches. hotel rooriis. etc.

in addition. sortie goods cottld be classed as
luxuries and become suhicct to taxation at all
levels of protliict stilcs. lixamples ol such
goods could inclttde pleasure boats. jewelry
and entertainment.

The tax law would not lime to specify the
mad tax rates to be imposed on each good or
class of goods. it would. instead. specify an
overall amount of tax to be collected and
establish a Federal agency with broad
discretionary authority to determine
appropriate lc\ics and to prmidc anritial
updates of tax schedules as product prices
change. This agency would. ob course. be
administered by a board which would include
substantial consumer and business
representation.

To summarivc. let‘s rcdtice taxes on profits.
lor investment is the engine that fuels
economic growth: instead. let‘s tax the things
that rich people btiy.

Miles David Storfer

[it]. Note: For Ilit' purl .t'ix Items. the author
lltl.\‘ been Dime/or of Program Fun-curling
uml Economic zlnalis' ii'illi llit’ N. )CS. Dept.
of Social . ('rl’lt‘t’.\'. Ilt' l.\' t'itrrt’ir/lt'rl Doctoral

 

1"..vICmF5/‘"V‘ r

   

   

         
  
  
 

    

 

   
  

Tangents and Secants

To the Editor: ‘

As Editor-in-Chief of Tangent magazrne. i
wish to make it abundantly clear that i had no
say whatsoever as to what material was
published in the Hui Seriously Folks section
of the magazine.

Last semester Tangent magazine and But
Seriously Folks were two separately
recognized publications. Because of an 
budget deﬁcit. S.A. decided that. co-
functional“groups. i.e. organirations With the
time or stmiiar purposes. must be combined
to save money.

The reason I got involved with Tangent was
to put forth a publication with something to
say to everyone on the campus community -
malcs and females. blacks and whites.
students and professors. etc. Consistent with
this intention. l refused to publish any racist
or sexist material.

When I saw some of the material that was
being entered into the [int .S‘t-ri‘oitsli' Fol/rs
sections. l was outraged. ilowever. the
persons involved refused to accept my
editorial policy. latiempted to battle them bttt

supported their view. l was told that [fill
.S'i-ririusli' Fol/m liatl a right to a distinct and
separate editorial policy L‘\L‘ii though they
were using the budget originally allocated to
Home!” niaga/iric. My powerlessness in this
situation aided in lurlhcring the oppression of
an already long-oppressed people. For this i
apologi/c.

()ncc distributed. it became obvious that
'liiiigcitl iiiaga/iue and lint .S‘t'ri‘ousli' Fol/rs
cannot appear under one etnct‘. it was a
mistake to put otit the publication as such in
the first place. The pci'specthcs of the two
groups are entirely different. We are no! “co-
functional": we do not lra\c the same
purposes.

l urge all those who agree “llli this view to
lobby the student goterninent. lcll the SA.
how unrc' listic it is to print 'I'mtgt-iit and lllll
Serious/r Fol/rs as one publication. ()r. Il
you're shy. write to the xlSl‘. You'\c got a
right to be heard.

 

 

 

lcrianne l'tilcon
liditor. lilngciil

But Seriously Folks...

To the Editor:

By means ofaii explanation. we must begin
by saying that Ill/T .S'Iz‘lt’IOl/SIJ’ I-‘()I.I\'.S'
maga/ine and TANG! ’7;maga/ine.arctwo
editorially separate entities. It is our wish.
then. that no member of the 'Iiiirgt'ni staff he
held responsible for any remarks make iii lit]!
.S't'ri‘oi

   

 

 

tlt'grct' candidate in lft'oirtiiriir's' (II SUN YA.

       
  
 
  

 

 

 

    

members of the student government

    
   
 
 

’u."’l‘|“"li'lb

w I‘lts it .."“'Ii
aith «1....su'...‘ ..'."“"l.t‘l..”
.'_r V “unnﬁ

 

 

ivas. in fact. Established. on the inside Gnu-[of
the magazine. and it was ottr hope that that
would alleviate any confusion.

As to the specific complaints that new
raised by Mr. l'lardaway in the October i9
ASP. it must first be noted tiiat no cornman
that were made in [Jul St'riotttli‘ I’M/liar were
intended to offend anyone.

The intent of the “White Men‘s \Veck";id
was simply to show the absurdity ol sucth
event. and of the fact that it was being run by
two irresponsible people. namely liifi and
Doug. The ridiCUiousncss of this should lill\L‘_
by contrast. pointed toward the more serious
need for a Black Women's Week.

The Celebrity Mailman column inn
designed as a parody of celebrity gimp
columnd. The humor there was to be derived
from the ignorant and Cillltills nature of him.
the questions and answers. ilic Mick Jaggcr
letter was to show one man‘s criticism oi
people as being naive. only to he iolloiicd in
his own naive.. and C\lls'liii'i_\ igiiorrini
question.

We i'calile tiiiit humor is a wry sublet-im-
matter. and as such. can liL'\t‘l plcriscitsciiure
audience. it iiittst also be titlhltit'lk’ti that
under any Cil'CliiliNitllit't‘. llit'lt' \Ull ht-

individuals who misconin llt' t't'lldill material
We are sincerely sorry that unant- \ms
olfcndcd by any potiititis oi Iittt ltI.Il.‘.1/tllt,

and we oiin hope iliui u l\ uou than tlui
nothing “as intended toward that cud

\iil! lir'llldllllil

\i.::. lulmlliii

l'tlilois. It’u/ ‘iviiuiw/i lot/it

The Oppressed Minority

To the Editor:

Last week I submitted an .iilu t - oi sttlhtlli
the gay rights march I'I \\ .tsliiliilioit
Although not the most prolesomml \\|Illlll.'.ll

was at least readable and \\.is .I lilt'|li_\ it‘ll
expression of the kind ot ll'i'iilil‘\ llltti gay
people came back from \h'ltslillrrhul Icrluiglt
was not published. altlioiwi: .t letter in
another participant was. it v until illlt'lt‘slliit‘
to know on what giotiim ll “as not
published. it certainly \\’.'l\ tirit !li.il ll \\t|llhi
have prc-cinpted space needed lot .i more
important article. as the .lilltit“ ili.u \\t'lt'
published were of interest trill) to thin
indulging in contemporary lli\l:l

l accepted the absence oi the .utirle \\lilt
comparative CLIliElliiiliil) its lilt'it' “as
something else on the march piintul. hiuihis
luesday. seeing the quantin ol \hlllllit'sst‘lllp
printed on the Seabrook occupation. lit} nit-.is
on the reasons for the ASI’ trot printing the
article were revised drastically It could not
have been that it was political crap. as lllt‘
Seahrook articles certainly illL'. ll could lllil
hav been that it was |l|\Ilt. tls iiit‘ vlSl’
it could not how lwciitliat

 

 

 

 

 

  
  

wen, THAT 5
HOT A s
LIFT.

    

rm. I rem aw
I W HlTCH ’
are. at

/ r W
F THEE T0
M7 HE.

 

 

 

 

lF I ROD NTO
mu on row
MN» 55

 

 

. Winn“. t. .ti‘ssv

 

 

 

 

