 

mam, . ..

A- I‘mnz‘rmwm

 

 

 

 

Zimbabwe:

by .I.M. ZWII‘II
Mr. Ernest Butte is co~Minister of Finance
in tire circus transitional regime of Ian
Douglas Smith of Rhodesia. During the
ttiottth ol August. I978. there was a rather
concerted effort by several co-Ministcrs to
blitz. the Zimbabwe public with the
inturmation on ttie activities of the
gotcrmncnt. the express purpose was to buy
ttte loyalty of the m s. From all accounts
tlte atterttpt was it resounding ﬁasco.
to tire tttidst of all the political symbol
clanking. Mr. Iiulle was heard to opine."'l‘he
boys tit ttte bush tell you that we are
signatories to the Salisbury agreement and
than we are sell-outs. We are not. Why should
\it.‘ sell our own people? We are Black like you.
tlte agrectnettt is an attempt by all of us to‘
returtt to ttornral lives."
ltte substance of Mr. littlle‘s cotnmcnls is
it) that he and his fellow gulliblesareaware of
the dattgerous game they are playing by
treacheroust aligning themselves with the
reactionary arid racist systerti which the
/.inib.ibne liberation struggle has, been
to eliminate tor such a long time and is
uiicL‘cctlitig to do. (2) in ‘Rhodesian' terms
oi unity is tatitartiottnt tothe status quo ante.
it lttillc conlirms. Ill his appeal. tltat. the
stillly agreement purports to britig brick
lltL Iriaget‘ days. He should know wlirit that
means lot ttrin arid his children.
the 'ititcrnat' arrangement is a political
snare. lt proiides tor cllcctive constitutional
.ttid :ltlltillilSll‘ttlli’L‘ power to remain :titltc
hands ol ttte racist white settler ministry whilst
miiitstcriat positions tirei‘itpparently‘ shared
equally with the Black ma'tority.
lttt- Liniclills‘c Council comprises lan
Sittitli ti'rime Minister and head of the
Rhodesia i‘rotii): \iishop Abel Mu'l.orewa
(head at the Alrrcttn National Council); Rev.

 

Mlabantugr Sitliole (titular head of a defunct-

breakaway branch til the Zimbabwe African
I’coplc's Union) and Chief Jeremiah Cbirau
itt tbal tread). Striitli isinsidiously calling upon
l'titrtottc t-roiit leaders. Joshua Nkomo and
Robert Mitgabc. to unilaterallylay down their
liberation gear and join the internal circus.
this would add two tnorc layers toa four-way
administrative structure.
tltts is purely a gimmick calculated to
unleash world recognition of the Salisbury
regutte. No sooner than that happens will the
same world learn what Smith had known all

Deceptive Rhetoric

Dear. Hugh

An Open Letter to Governor Carey: : .
Well you've done it again. You once again
hate raised the wrath of the Albany student
body. this is quite an accomplishment
becatrsc oi the total political apathy that extsts
s. Yet you seem to constantly rouse

the time: i.c.. ii live-party executive structure.
tour members ol which are mere puppets. ts a
sure chess plan to promote and enhance the
tile ol the tit'th. thus. lan Smith is busy piling

sttlhhle tor an instant civil strife after majority on cainpu

this emotion.

title at which point the Rhodesia Front will
emerge as 'Mr. Clean‘ and might be charged
With the cttore ol conciliation. Smith's reading
at the crystal ball is not subtle.
It is rather naive ol'Smith to expect. and of
the Western powers to concur, that Joshua
Ntomo and Robert Mugabe should abandon
the thousands ot men and women who have
dedicated their lives to the complete
eitiaticipatiori ol their land and their people. It
tins easy tor Sitttotc and Muzorcwa to show
ttic white llitg because their weak personalities
and political cpicureansim had alienated their
adjustartts. Surrender in the name of
cottipromise at this lutejunctureis suicidal. At
stake are the lives of thousands of refugees.
Ii'ccdom irgliters and the entire African
populace it it sell-out should be resorted to.
Amendment 01 the existing constitution is
below the purview of the struggle. The only
logical result should be the overturn of the
piesetti system and the tntroductioti of a new
cotisiitrutoturooted inths principle oftnajority
rtrle and one man. one vote. Since this
principle is inimicitt to the currctit state of
itllans. rtdtocrites ol the latter connot be
c\pcclcd to he referees ol the change thereof.
lltc pretence that Smith is sincere about
toiging l il'illCI'llily with the African
leadership can only be the result ofignoritncc
ot the history ot /.itttbahwe over the past one
ttttrtdrcd years.
the list ol December. I978. if it happens.
should be regarded as phase it of November.
t‘HiS's Unilateral Declaration of
independence by the Rhodesia Front. This
one should be known as DMRBM
(Declaration ol Majority Rule By the
.\lllllSll')’). lltc llirce stooges who sit in the
internal cribittct were recruited to do the
lollowiug: appease the angry African
ctti/eiiiy. li'ce/e the liberation struggle. twist
the arm ot international communities such as
the ()Alt and the UN and to recruit more
.\Iiic.tit youngsters tor the racist killer army.
I he). have been unable todeliveron any one of
the scores.
Recently. Stiiitlt has sent the stooger a-
globc trotting with the trope that the regime is
still intact. However. it is an open secret that

 

i

tour latest political blund
you announced your Intent

cr occurred when
ion to raise the
tttitioit by “00.00. the price of a SUNY

education is not worth it and ifldldn‘lhllvens
inuity credits in my major as I do. i Would
have tell a long titnc ago.

lake into consideration that a student from
.\cw York can go to a majority of the other
state schools around the country and still pay
less than what we previously payed,

i our actions are to becondetnned and your
word and political promises will netet he
listened to atid trusted again. l hope yor an:
outer reelected because you do not care about
students atid you are nota manol yoitrnord,

Kevin ()uinrt

‘

 

ediorat

   

 

 

Good Health

To the Editor:

Many students in recent times have
expressed concern about the quality of the
Student Health Service here at SUNYA. At
the etid oi last semester. t was unfortunately
stricken with pneumonia and was forced to
.spL'lld eight days at the inlirmary. Like others.

I has concerned about the care I would
teccne.

   
 

During my stay. at the inlirmary. l was
attended to by both physicians (who saw me
once it day) and nurses (who were constantly
.tiottttd) arid I received ths best possible care
tor my illness. I would like to express my '

appreciation to the staff ofthe Student Health .

Set'ttec tor itiaking my stay at the inﬁrmary
most pleasant and relaxing.

\iidy llicknit
State Quad
Central Council

 

 

on several occasions. boss Smith has lashed
out bitterlyat ttte sorrytrio for beingunableto
c.t|| art cllceltte halt to the struggle of the
liberation lorccs. An indication of the
escalation ol the regime's frustrations and
repeated Iatlures at its African envoys. lati
.‘ilililll himsell ltad to take tothe road ‘to bring
his citse‘ to the American people.

this is iirtte lorthe lJ.S. lotakeserious stalk
ol their policy itt lambabWe. lfit is influenced
by the chrome diplomacy alone. its architects
slioirtd heed the warning from Zimbabweans
that there Will tievcr be another South Africa
lll Limbahwc to provide fertile turf for their

     
 

pecuniary escapades.

Smith‘s position is a contradiction tlirit
should be addressed squarely arid chlslit‘li‘. [t
is tttiderscored by an account that appeared iti
.\tigust itt one ol the leading Sotttli Alticati
newspapers. ll was tothe effectthttt ttioot the
ltlack parties iii the transitional governrtteut
had strongly attacked tlte proposal antioiirtted
by ttic ctr-Minister ol Combined ()petutioits,
Mr. Roger llawkins. that lilacks should be
called lor military service. Mr. D.ttiil
Mllktilit) ol Mumrewa‘s ANC tihjt‘clcd ttt.it
ttlaeks could not be called upon to deleitil rt
system that segregated against them.

“Don’t call. me chief!”
“Great caesar’s ghost!”
“Stop the presses!” '

Press are now being accepted.

iversity at Al is
I The Editor-in
Hes: to universit groups and at

 

Here are the requirements and responsibilities that must be met:
0 The Editor-in-Chief shalt be a fulltime equivalent undergraduate at the Utt-

n .

-éhtef shall be empowered to represent the Albany Student
. I ' extravuniversity groups.

I The Editor-in-C tef shall be responsible for the direction ofthe newspaper.
and Will renew the publication‘s editorial policy.

Letters iil iioiiutuittoti must be submitted to the managing editor iti
i .itnptis (cuter 32‘) in) later than 6:00 p.m. on Friday. February 9. l979.
i tccttotts Will he held on Sunday. February ll. I979 at li:()()p.nt. All members
or the editorial board ol the Albany Sltllfl'lil I’I't‘A'S will be eligible tovotc.

    

' All these trite journalistic sayings and many. inany more can now be yours
it ou respond to this fabulous offer!
ominations for the position of Editor—in-Chief of the Albany Student

g

 

 

(

‘THADK 
W of
WW -
WW Va).
we mess W.”

 

 

\

,FEIFFER

\

ran.

M Immanuth

 
   
    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Escort To Be Weighed

by Doug Michaels

(in Wednesday. January 3|. an important
hill nttl he presented belorc the Central
t tIliIlCli. ltiis bill. a request for art allotment
oi lands in the amount ot $6 thottsand will be
ioi the loiirtaitott til it Sttident Auxiliary
tscint t‘atrol. the merits of the program are
\lillllti .ittd the potential ltas already been
tested by a temporary set up two years ago.
ilonctei. gitcn all this. Its ltttttre is ditn at
trust.

In the spring til l‘)7(i a plan was ptit into
.ittion to create the Student Patrol. the
rotating lot the program crittie lrotn a special
\\ttnlt;ttl" illllli trout the Public Sltlcly'
iiepriiiiiieni. theicsponsc to the program was
t \ct’liL‘lll tr orii the students that served on tltc
parrot .tiid the general populace that enjoyed
III-ll e\ti.i itiertsuie ot security. Duringitshricl
appearance on campus. the Student l’atrol
itieu .tcclriitir trout the administration. the
t'utilie Surety Departtitettt and the students.
i ntoitttttrttcly. the loads ran ottt at the ertd of
tire sL‘IIIL‘SlCI‘ arid u rtew source of funds has itot
tit-en totinil since that time.

tintet' the direction of Co-Chttirs Doug
l icedrttau and SA Vice—President Fred
llrcwttigton. the initiative was once again
taken to reintroduce the Student Escort Patrol
m the Sthi campus. After sotnc initial
opttttttsiti. led by what appeared to bet! good
necpitoit oit the part of the administration
the realities til the situation soon becatne

apparertt. Musically. there was tio money. '

Dean ltrown. Vtcc-l’rcsident llartigati and
Public Salety Director Williams all gave their
l.tctl support tor the program bttt no one was
rolling to commit titty tunds fortlie cattsc. lttrt
budget oi user 550 itiitliori. not even so
iiiotisatttl could be tottnd to provide the
\Ih.iity catttplts “Hit a lit-member staff.

the hill being bioiigltt before (‘entt‘al
ltitltlc'tl toittorion. cit-sponsored by Robiri
iii or kin rind t red “I'L‘it'lllgltili. crttlsattettiion
to lltc ailnnitistiatton's irresponsibility. and
asks that SA consider lttttding tltc program
tlttlti .iltcitirttitc means lor tunding cart he
ItIlttlii. I lie nature ot this Will be a temporary
one. .iiiil \till not allon Student Association to
l.tk\‘ the illitlIlL‘tili burden on it permanent
trusts the security til the sttidettt populace is
tiit administration‘s responsibility. not
tctutat t ounctl‘s.

\teeptnig these lirtiitatiotis. it is the
responsibility of all those tired of late nigttt
raise Ill'i.’ alarms. vandalized hallways and
.\.isitiiig machine areas. poorly tit sections of
c.lttl|>ilS. petty larceny and thefts oftetcvisions
oi inotiey and many other criminal offenses
llltll plague this campus. to contact their
t eiitt’al l ouneil representative today and urge
them to sponsor this bill. The program will
:._'I\L‘ SI t .\i A the chance to be innovative in its
.ippioach to campus security. and allows it to
o.- te.idct ol the SUNY system instead of a

rtitttiitt't

I Rocky’s Legacy

“if you want to preview the American university of the 215i century,
took at what is happening at SUNY today." Those were the words of
former Governor! Nelson A. Rockefeller. as quoted by Time Magazine
in 1968. While by today‘s standards this statement might not be very ac-
curate. nobody was arguing with Rocky a decade ago when he made it.

"the State University of New York was in the process of rapid growth

a growth which was capped off by the completion of SUNYA, which
the New York Times at the time said was “indeed a campus to wonder
at."

Somehow. the glowing optimism of a decade ago has faded with the

'tightcning of state budgets and the damming of the ﬂow of dollars
toward SUNY. But. despite what problems SUNY faces these days, es-
pecially from the present Governor. it is hard to imagine a SUNY at all
without Nelson A. Rockefeller.

Without a doubt. the most important event in SUNY‘s development
\\ttS the election of Rockefeller as governor in I958. Shortly after he
moved into the Governor‘s mansion. Rocky appointed a commission
headed by a former president ofthc Ford Foundation to study the idea
ot state-funded higher education.

As the South Mall shows. Rockefeller was a mart who liked to (it-
things in a big way. And so it be 'ame that New York State would not
only food higher education. but it would give it massive support toward
rapid and widespread development.

it was Rockefeller who pushed for the development ofthis campus
and brought SU NYA otrt of the era of a small teachers college into a un-
iversity center. When the ground was broken ii r this campus.
Rockcleller was behind the shovel. And Edward [)tt‘rctl Stone was
designing the look of the campus.

Stone died last summer. and a heart attack claimed Rockefellcr‘s life
on l'riday. the passing of these two giants of SUNYA history is also a
passing of thc innocently ontimistic age in which this university was con—
cetvcd.

l he seventies have been cruel to SUNY; growth comes out of necessi-
ty now as the system has to struggle to maintain certain programs.

However. whatever unfulfilled dreams many accuse SUNY of being.

‘ it is a large. productive network of diverse universities and colleges. It

does attract top students and ther‘ are many dedicated to see that it
matures and makes great progress as we enter the 1980's.

All of this would not be so without Nelson Rockefeller. For whatever
drllci'cnces of opinion about the man. it cannot be disputed that it was
Rocky who pushed the building of this university system.

Some say his dream was too extravagant. unrealistic and rapid.

However. there would be no SUNY at all today if it weren't for that
dream.

 

 

 

'The PEN is Mightier
than the Sword!
Take up arms against
the administration. SA, UAS and
other loathsome organizations...
Be an ASP COLUMNIST
Qualified writers should contact Steve

at 457-2190 or 482-0864.

M

4/)

 

#14)

 

 

 

 

é

'l'itoMis MARI! ti o. Ia'r/iriir-nI—(‘liiiz/
.litv ti. (.‘issm. Managing lfiliior

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .M..l. MirMMoIt

. . . . . . . . L‘iiiitr i:s lit-ti. Dizllilli- Koi-r

. . . . . , , . , , . l;oiitr lil‘IerlJiDN

Assoi iAII Mini is ttiiroit . .SIII‘IMNII: Dt-.t, V‘AIJI:

Si-oitis iiiiion . . . . . . . . . . . , . , . . . . . . . . . . i’Alll. St‘trwattty
Assoi lAli sr-tiiits inll’lilt , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . DAVlli‘OSitt-iltrs'

I‘.ll|lt)tl|Al t-Iims tnitott . . . SILVI; ()stt-It

Sittsitittiitt . . . . .
.\ssni IAIi NIWS tottoiis
Asi-ir ts ititttttt

rtii. Marie (‘ottisson Mike Dunne.
Deborah Smith. David Spiro AI'
.aiirrt Schrrtttb t-iin'tiziv Mia: Dianri
ts: Matthew Cos. .lill Haber

siAii wittiiits: Robert litrisenstein. Jcll t'rirotte. .lartet ('e
\lichetc Israel. Keri Kttt‘tl. Dori Ros". Aron Smith.
\I its \(i| iis:.lcssc Seltcrer. Lloyd Levenherg loot/it“ Niwsrt
iii lttliillll'l LINI t'ooiioiNAton:I'att'ick l-‘otd Ntiws Llill‘ttit Hittitlil
.ltiNniIAN Mourns. [lint/unis ltlunrlgi'r

. . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . DILIIIIIIE Kort:
. . . . . . . . l.tsA AI'I'I.I-.t|i\llhl
. . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . .SlltMN Assttit
, lit-.Nis'i' linows‘

Anvtntistm. MANAltlk
MILLING (:oNsttlJANl
PAYRUIJ. MANM-‘Ilt

llouittturth: . . .

s \r is i'lttSttNNltJ Slcs'c (iotitstein. .lell Lerirao. Richie Mcttnelstein ('I.Assttiiti .itit'tittisttst.:
Stcie Matter t'oMt'osIIioN: Atiiy Soars. Jeanne Jay. Ilayden (illl'lllli 'An‘ I'IttilH‘t'lltiN
\l tsrim it: ltetie l-itntat Aii i'ttotittt'ttoN: llildy llratttl. Sally Atttt “il’L'hCI. .lttltc(irceitherg.l II

tin/woo. tautte Stiiitwell Uillt'i: Rosemary (ii-oss. Rttilt it‘ll“

 

l.\.~.~ Iltttl. I'I‘Ut/Ilt‘llilll iiirntugi'r
Fri-inn DIAMIINI). .'i.\.\ll[‘fﬂli' I'riitlm'llrtn illunugi'l‘
ltt \li tii'tst . . . . . . . .
\tlllllAltAMlR‘i . . .
ttttit-tttt s (DUItlilNAltm

lliltAlNl: l.rtit=,itAioitr
, . HRIAN Ktnttuan
, .Roti VAN (illitVlzlt

I'vhll t t': l eslie Appellittltlli. Michele lietk. Mirtntti lipstcln. Sopliiit Ktistiis. l’at love Ivt-tsts:

stiltt .'\tl|t lttech l. Diana (‘ocltrtttt. Robin (ioldherg. t‘ltet'yl Kailltttittt. (‘htra Kuehlet.

\l.tlll\li .\loskii\tii/. Diana Drttei. Ivy l'eltl. "Clii Stotte I'M-'l t'ttit': Leslie Appelhitttttt
I‘lltittiluAlitil: Doritirt Rciclntei'

I'IIOIOGRAHH’. ill/lllffl'll principally by University I’Iuiiu Servin- l _
tittii l’IItlliMiﬂAPlIl‘ﬂ: Mary Aiitt tlovttk ritortumuttins: 'tony lussttrotli. Lititrit Visctisi.
Scott Atenuin. Routine Ktilitkoi‘l. huh leonurit. l'atiyit Ann lrtrvey. .lelt Selttiectuititn.
Sttnt lctelli. liowie Jacobs. .lolttt Chow. 'l'tic Miititi Lee
ESTABLISHED I916
I'Iti' nilluuli' Slut/ctr! l‘ri'.i.i ii [Iii/ilt'slti-tlci'i'ry 'lluu‘t/ai' nml l')'_itlir l‘ rltirr'rtg [lu'St'Iltltl/Vl'l'tll by Ilii'
l .-llliirriv Slur/en! I’ri'.i.i (‘ur/tiinirron. an l’ltlk'lu'lllll'llf Ito/Jur-proﬁi organization. Editorial
[HI/ft'l‘ li ill-It'rniitit'il lIi' Illt' lL'ili'Inr-ln-(thc/L rrtttl is subject to review frt‘llti' Editorial "Hard.
.lluiling .vlrli/ria‘i.‘ .‘lfl’tllll‘ .‘i‘ltlilr-rti I’reii. (Till). NU" ll'oi'ltingrou Ava” Allmnti, N)’ [2.72]

(5H) 457-!lt‘i9.’

 

 

 

 

t2;

 

.m  '6'..- was.

a... a... .

 

