Ms,“ "W-.. .r..r.._W-m. 1......—

 

a__._.._.

in World. News Briefs" '

- Under Serious Attack

NAIROBI. KENYA (AP) Tanzanian forces stepped up their
war against President Idi Amin yesterday with an air attack
on .Iinja, Uganda's second largest city, and renewed shelling
of Kampala. his capital, after apparently pushing his Libyan
defenders back, diplomatic sources reported. Residents of
.Iinja. 50 ntiles east of Kampala. said three ﬁghters made a
brief bombing run over the city but missed their apparent
target. the local army garrison. Instead. their bombs fell near
the Libyan Arab Uganda Bank, causing few injuries and
doing little damage, the sources said. The Tanzanian air force
made its ﬁrst attack of the ﬁve-month-old war on Sunday.
using the main runway of the international airport at
Entebbe. But Ugandan exiles in Nairobi expressed surprise a
the raid on Jinja. Some of them suggested the attackers Were
Amin's Libyan allies threatening the Ugandan troops at
Jinja. who the exiles said had refused to go into action
against the invasion force of Tanzanian troops and Ugandan
exiles.

Nuclear Decision in New York

AUBURN. N.Y. (AP) The problems at the Three Mile Island
Nuclear Plant have upset David Weinstein who sits on a ﬁve-
member panel which will decide whether a nuclear plant will
be built nonh of here on the shores of Lake Ontario, “I am
shocked over the inability of the utility company and the
government to handle the Harrisburg. Pennsylvania
. problem. I am disturbed by the situation and the conflicting
information that seems to indicate one hand doesn't know
what the other is doing or whether or not the other hand is
doing it right." said Weinstein, and Auburn attorney.
Weinstein is a member of the state Siting Board which must
decide whether a nuclear plant should be constructed in
Sterling. In an earlier 3-2 vote, Weinstein reportedly favored
construction of the nuclear plant. Weinstein said the board
will vote again to determine whether there will be any need
for a nuclear plant in Cayuga County. “I think it is very easy
Cit back and talk about safety and the wonder of nuclear

 

power where there has never been an incident that has

 

occurred which can question their arguments," he said of the
nuclear power advocates. “Now we have that incident.
Weinstein said he would consider the reacttpn of Cayuga
County residents to the Harrisburg, Pa..'sttuatton when
deciding how to vote on the nuclear plant issue.

Teamsters Launch Strike

WASHINGTON (AP) Unionized trucking ﬁrms began
complying yesterday with an industry-ordered nationwide
lockout of 380,000 truckers after the Teamsters union
launched a limited strike in a contract dispute snagged on
President Carter‘s inflation guidelines. The shutdown is
expected to affect a major portion of the nation‘s over-the-
road freight business. Although estimates of the impact on
the economy vary substantially, industry executives have
predicted that product shortages and manufacturing plant
shutdowns would begin within a week and that a “serious
economic crisis" could develop within two weeks. Many
trucking ﬁrms. anticipating a strike. made early shipments of
orders before the Teamsters ordered a walkout at midnight
Saturday. Initial indications from the federal government
were that serious economic disruptions would not develop
for rt few days.

' Federal Debt Limit Raised

WASHINGTON (AP) The House yesterday passed
legislation to raise the federal debt limit, averting the
prospect that the federal government would be unable to pay
its bills or honor its checks after tonight. The House
approved a Senate measure by a 209-165 vote and sent it to
President Carter for his signature. Final approval came after
the chamber voted 2l6-l60 to beat back a Republican
attempt to tie the bill to a measure calling for a balanced
budget. ,In a letter to House Speaker Thomas P. O‘Neill
earlier in the day, Treasury Secretary W. Michael
Blumcnthal warned that unless the debt-limit bill “is passed
by the House and signed into law by the president today, the
United States of America could default tonight." '

Nixon Would Have Been Jailed

WASHINGTON (AP) Judge John .I. Sirica says if Richard
M. Nixon had been convicted of Watergate crimes in his
courtroom. Sirica would have sentenced the former
president to prison. The 75-year-old Sirica. a seniorjudgc on
the US District Court here, said Sunday that Nixon should
have faced a trial and courtroom cross-examination. Sirica
presided over many of the formal Watergate trials and other
related court proceedings in the mid-19708. He has written a
book about Watergate. which is to be published this month,
Interviewed on CBS-TV‘s "60 Minutes,” the judge said
Nixon resigned from ofﬁce becausr: he faced impeachment
or indictment, not becuase “politicians got him." Twenty.
ﬁve for fifty years from now, the public may feel that “the
politicians ran the president out" of the White Housc,Sirica
said. "That is not the case," he said. “He resigned, No, I,
because he was going to be impeached. and he knew it,orht»
was going to be indicted." Had Nixon been convicted in his
' courtroom, thejudge said. “I would have sent him tojttil but
I don‘t know what sentence I would have imposed"

Fire Kills Elderly People

FARMINGTON, M0. (AP) Fire raged through a boarding
house yesterday, collapsing the roof and killing at least 26
elderly persons. mans of them trapped by ﬂaming debris.
Authorities feared the death toll could go higher. Fire Chief
Bob Oder said 37 patients and one attendant were in the
Straughan Wayside Inn retirement home when the fire broke
out at 5 am. He said l3 bodies were removed from the
structure and I] others were known to be inside. Twelve
persons were taken alive from the home. some of them
injured. ofﬁcials said. Chief Deputy Sheriff Gene Archer said
the roof of the building collapsed soon after the ﬁre began.
Bodies were found in the hallways and a the doors ofthe red
granite. single—story structure, a remodeled motel. “We look
for the death rate to be between 25 and 30. There is a area of
the structure we haven't been able to get into yet." Archer
said.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Don’t Forget The ASP

so that all can be sure to haveacopy before vacation. Besurc
to pick up an ASP in the campus center or in your Quad
flagroom before going home — it will make great bus
reading material!

OCA Adviser Hunt

The off Campus Association is once again looking for
advisors for the Fall and Spring semesmrs. OCA runs it
includes: lease reading. preparing evidence for small claims
court. mediating disputes between landlords and studcnts.
working with neighborhood associations and city hall. and
many other functions.

There are six positions available at OCA. Student
advisorgrccicvc two credits for their work. Applications illt.‘
available at OCA irt thc Student Association complex. llrc
dcttdhnc for this position is April 20,

Teacher Assessment

A limited addition of ACT(thc Assessment ofcourscsatnd
teachers) came out last Wednesday in booklet form. ACT is
it publication that evaluates participating departments and
teachers in those departments by student surveys. ’lhc
survc_.s which were made up by the ACT committee (Iillic
Becker, Hugh Hill, and Mike Levy) ask questions on:
presentations. teacher availability. tcst fairness. and course
recommendations.

The ACT this semester is a limited addition in that the
computerized system of distributing and printing the
information will not be fully operational until next fall.

However, the ACTthat has been published will give students
an idea of how ACT can help students choose courses and
teachers by other students reactions.

The new ACTcontains ten participating departmentsand
the professors in those ten that gave their students surveys.
Since the release of ACT, three more departments have
given their permission to be included in the fall addition.
Overall. the total feedback on ACT has been favorable.

 

 

Committee member Mike Levy has reported that of the

l,500 printed. over half have been sold already.

The ACT (which is 25: per copy) is available at the SA
contact ofﬁce. pre-registration and on the dinner lines at all

quad cafeterias.

The ASPwill be out extra early (around I I am) on Friday

Magic Flute Staged

The Music and Theatrc Departments are presenting “The
Magic Flute“, a fully staged opera in two acts by Wolfgang
Amadeus Moran on April 4 and 6a18pm.The opera. which
will be held at Page Hall. Draper Complex, is beingdirectcd
by Sylvia Kutchukinn (musical director) and Findlay
Cockrell (conductor). Tickets for this musical extravaganza
are on sale at PAC box office.

Before You Leave . . .

C

With the semesterbreak coming up this week, students are
reminded that residence halls close 7pm on Friday, April 6.
Students are requested to leave their dorms following their
last class. Other reminders for vacationing students include:
protecting their belongings by closing and locking all doors
and windows, and unplugging all appliances.

Following the ten day vacation. residence halls will open
at 12 noon on Sunday, April l5. Classes at SUNYA will tlrcn
resume at 22l0 on Monday April l6th.

RE. Vacation Hours

During the long awaited spring break. (Avril 7"“ "'6
Physical Education building will still be open for u luurtcd
number ofhours pcrduy. The hours that the PF building “'1”
remain functional will be Monday Friday 8 ﬁlm-3P1”

 

 

 

 

' “I 1.1.3..” h . nanmwﬁn. .

 

APRIL 3.

 

 

 

Racism Part 3‘ The QuéstiOns Conclude ‘1

by Ashton C. 'I'homs

The alleged failure of coach
Robert Ford and his coaching staff
to recruit minority coaches and staff
has been one source of discontent
voiced by several former black
football players.

This allegation charged by
Leander Hardaway, Howard
O‘Bryan, and Sam Salston is part of
a controversy that has focused on
relations between black players and
the coaching staff.

The other allegations based on
incidents going as far back as the ‘76
season. charge that team member
Fred Brewington was not given a fair
opportunity to start as a
quarterback, that coaches treated a
black player with disrespect. and
awarded starting positions to less

(

by Wendy Greenﬁeld
The Wellington Hotel, located in
downtown Albany, is an ideal place

in l.oudouvillc, shares the some
ttdvuntugcs yet in it smaller, secluded
environment.

The hotel houses approximately
185 students. Although most are
transfer students who lllld not
requested to livc there. some

us opposed to ott-cumpus living or
an apartment. Because of its
Ioctttton. students working as interns

I'.‘\'t'l‘l'/mr/Vl'l\ «Irma I‘lmlo.‘ IIot‘rt/t—

 

 

 

Ll'ittmun "all houses 40 students.

qualified white playersr These
allegations were discussed in the ﬁrst
two articles in this series.

Hardaway, a former defensive
tackle. said “There is a lack of
minority coaches." He added,
“There are none.”

Ford said, “In the nine years I
have run the football program there
have been ﬁve minority coaches."

Asked about his recruitment
policies. Ford saidphis department
writes letters of inquiry to every high
school in this state to ﬁnd coaches on
that level who might be interested in
coaching at SUNYA.

He said, “We also contact every
collegiate Physical Education
Department in the northeast for
applicants."

Asked why there were no black

ill the Capitol find it

convenient.

very

coaches on his staff. Ford said.
“There are not many black colleges
in the northeast that have football
programs." He added his
recruitment policies did not include
the contacting of black colleges
outside of the northeast.

"The minority applicant is hard to
ﬁnd," said Ford. He continued
minority coaches are highly sought
after by Division I and Il schools "
that have more in the way of
financial rewards than SUNYA.

Defensive coordinator Jack
Siedlecki said when he got started at
SUNYA he made $1500. He added,
“A person could starve on that.”

Asked if he ever made a special
effort to recruit) minority coaches,
Ford said. "No."

The former athletes feel there is a

DormLiving Thrives Off Campus

Most of the Wellington dwellers
feel safe, despite the hotel's

Tito Martinez, ujunior who has downtown location. "There is no

movc nwuy frorn campus but l
wztntcd to rcmttin in it strident
community.“

“The main dilfcrcttcc betwccn
ttptown and the Wellington is it's
quieter." Mttrtincr. said. “It is a
friendly atmosphere and everybody

Mttrtincl. said vandalism is not it
problem in tire Wellington.

Manysludcntschoosctolivc atthc
Wcllington because the ronnn,~ an;
singles and urc cheaper than those
on-cumpus. A single room costs
$350 per semester this year
Compared to the uptown rate of $375
per semester. A double room is $425
per semester. All the rooms have
private bathrooms.

The Tenants Complaint
Committee hits recently formed to
work on problems the students have
cortccrningthc hotel. The committee
is composed of 4 rncntbcrs who are
trying to get the management of the
building more involved with tltc
studcnts. “There are a lot of
problems with the building that the
management does not know about."
said committee member Bill
ll’ullcnberger. “We want the lobby
l'cpitlnlctl and wc'rc trying to get
better security. Circuit breakers and
luck of hot water are also problems.“
The south burlding, where the
students are housed, is about 57
years old.

lorthcindividura]whoprct‘crslonvc moved from Indian Quad to the rcttl problem of theft," said Eric
0”.“um yu remain in u dorm Wellington for one semester said his Zaidins. Wellington resident fortwo
ntmosphcrc. l’tttmun Hal], located rcttsonfor moving wttslte wrtnted"to ycttrs. “lfl lcttvc the building or visit

fricnds on another floor, I lock my
door." . .-

"lt's an open building but during
the night stul'l people are at the
desk," said Ilttllenbcrger. He said
than the Tenants Committee is
working on having the glass doors

students have chosen the Wellington respects cilcll othcr's property." closed between l2200 p m -6'00u m

and tltcn to issue keys to the

students.

The Wellington Government
Committee, funded by SA, is a social
committee which plans “dorm”
activities. There are four RA‘s and
one dorm director. The IRAs are
hired by the management.

Robin Slackman has lived in
Dutch and Strttc and is now at the
Wellington for a year. “I wanted my
own bathroom and my own room,"
she said. “I also work and the
(‘l)TA buses are more convenient
lor me. I lilo: living offvcumpus in a
community." Sluckmun said the
only problem is tltcrc are no washing
latcilitics.

'I here is no student cafctcriu at the
Wellington and many are on the
meal plan.

I’ittmun llrtll, located in
Londonvillc six miles from SUNYA,
was once is school for wayward girls
but is now used as a dorm that
houses 40 SUNYA students. In this
sccludcd atmosphere most of the
people urc transfers. The students
were placed in I’ittmuti because of

Decrease In Nuclear Bubble

HARRISBURG, PI.
Engineers achieved a "dramatic
decrease" Monday in a gas bubble
that was held a stranglehold on
efforts to cool down the disabled
Three Mile Island nuclear reactor.

Plant and federal officials said the
hydrogen bubble hud shrunk to a
much safer sire and the reactor's
temperature had dropped
signiﬁcantly.

“I am certain it is cause for
optimism." said Harold Denton.
Nuclear Regulatory Commission
operations chief. He said the bubble
was showing "a dramatic decrease irt
size."

“I didn't expect such a rapid
clttutgc." Dentou said ol the bubble.
“I think it is safer tlntri yesterday."

Locttl civil tlclcusc officials,
hopeful tlutl the changes meant that
the live-day crisis-hart: ltud pusscd,

, 1979

(AP)

nevertheless maintained efforts to
prepare for a precautionary
evacuation of 25,000 residents still
within it ﬁve-mile radius ofthe plant.

But the signals were clear: The
situation had improved
substantially. v

On Monday. technicians
continued efforts to eliminate the

tbubble completely, chiefly by the
method they have been using all
rtlong: letting the gas dissolve in the
constantly circulating cooling water
and tltcrt allowing it to escape from
the water outside the reactor.

'l'echniciuns also studied options
on exactly how to achieve the “cold
shutdown" which would go a long
way to ending the crisis.

(icorgc 'I‘roller. an ofﬁcial with
Metropolitan Edison, which
operates the facility, said radioactive
releases lutd been halted at the site.

A

And NRC‘s Denton said that
radiation beaming from the plant
was at low levels inaconﬁned area.

The bubble, which had threatened
an explosion that could have ripped
the lid off the reactor dome and
spewed radiation. began shrinking
dramatically Sunday and continued
throughout the day and rtight.
Troffer said.

The latest developments gave
officials more time to cool down the
reactor. The critical time for a
possible explosion from a chemical
reaction within the reactor “has
moved considerably out" from the
five days Demon had predicted on
Sunday, he said.

It was the most encouraging
stulcntcnt to date from the NRC
since Wednesday’s accident; which
lutd led tltc governor to urge pre-
school children and pregnant

solution to the problem and at least
have made suggestions of change to
Ford and his coaching staff to.
pursue it. -

O‘Bryan, a former full-back, said.
“The hiring of inner city black
coaches would solve many of the
present problems." He added the
black athletes in this school need
coaches they can “identify with.”

“A coach should be a person you
can depend on not only to aid you in
your football career. but also a
person that will show concern for
you off the playing ﬁeld," said
O‘Bryan. He added that this is not
presently provided to black athletes
in Ford's program.

Sam Halston, a former half-back,
said there is a deﬁnitive need for
black coaches on the staff. He added

The Wellington Ilotcl is it different typc of living arrangement.

Io‘ﬁ tlllt/t'llﬂ. mot/Ir (rung/cr-
ubout every hour.

llrtrburu Anderson, u junior
transfer student said that vandalism
is not a problem. On the matter of
security, Anderson said. “Campus
policc patrols and occasionally
Albany State Police."

l’utti l’icrcc. who lived in Pittman
last semester and is now on Dutch
Quad said. “'I‘hercisatype ofcaring
at l’ittmun." She said buses are a
problem and said she didn't like
being secluded.

womcntostuy furthcrthanﬁve miles
from the plant and prompted an
estimated 50,000 persons to
voluntarily leave the Harrisburg
urea.

Meanwhile. all schools within l0

miles of the plant were closed‘

Monday. and some state
government offices reported up to

. I was very successfully half-back -—-

that all of the con ‘
relate‘to their players" *
revetq'. > , ' . .‘ is,  '- ‘
He Iaid..“When I played I got the ‘
feeling that I was being used by the
coaches. I felt that they did not have
concern for are beyond my ability to
play football."

' “I loved the game of footbalhand

~»- ~ wreak ~L§7m>u§m .

.rushed 961 yards in one season —
but I refuse to play-underthe present
football program because of the
coaching staff’e attitude toward me
and other black players,” Halston
said.

Brad Aldrich. who was the varsity
starting quarterback said, "I
encourage Ford to study the
'problems, and reevaluate, his
coaching program. to make certain
that nothing that he does is prejudice
or racist. or could be construed as r

such.”
1

 

I’IIu/u: l-iu'rr/l
the housing shortage that occurred
this year.

“Iivcrybody is really close here,"
said RA Wendy Tcnzcr. "The area is
quiet and pretty isolated. The
grounds arc beautiful." 'l'en‘Lcr said
there is at gym and tennis courts.

Anthony lovelli, sophomore
transfer student, said Pittman Hall is
"it good partying place}: lovelli said
that he is not happy with the
transportation between Pittman and
the SUNYA campus. A van runsj

 

one-third of their employees stayed
home. Factories and businesses were
stung by absenteeism and operated
with skeleton stuffs.

Customers queued up in banks,
trying to withdraw money before an
evacuation was announced, state
banking officials said.

SCUE To Submit Proposal

('Ullllllut'll from page om'

each. T e course work will emphasile
written. oral. and verbal skills. New-
murk said that the SCUE Committee
is encouraging the participation of
“performance exemplars" such as
chemists, or
sociologists in the pilot program

working artists,

classes.

f“We‘re trying to make these well

structured, appealing courses," said
Newmttrk. "We want these to be
different froth the typical course in
LC 7 that nobody goes to."

Collier sttid that professors will
participate ill the program voluntari'
ly, adding that he doubts it will be

amp-v“
‘ ,s
it e

LBANY sun-jig”;V 

Collier said that many of the
courses eventually offered in the
pilot program will be similar to cer-
ain classes currently offered.

The SCUE report will contain
general suggestions for achieving a
liberal education for SUNYA’s eight
thousand undergraduates.

Newmurk said that the report to
the University Academic Council. (a
subcommittee of the University
Sc note) will include goalsto improve
academic advisement, reducing class
size. improving SUNYA‘s inter-
disciplinary majors, and making the
summer orientation program relate
more to academic life at SUNYA:

' PAGE THREE

 

