 

 

ages..-__..._._._..m~.._.c.... __.- . ~

 
   

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sound and Vision ' ‘

Marlon Brando plays Colonel Kurtz —— A Buddha-like. mystical, cult leader.

As The Bonoff‘Tums

_ 0V3
More

How’s this sound for a soap opera plot w a
young girl falls. for a guy who uses her to his
own Selfish ends, a fact she realizes. but yet
’she's unable to resist him. After a while (at
least a year. the way soaps move) she finds
herself attracted to someone else. but is torn
between him and “the other man." Next she
sneaks a peak at a letter addressed to her
lover and discovers that he is involved with
someone else too! Of course she has no
choice but to leave him. Heart's mend
quickly. and into her life walks a handsome
stranger. with whom she is quite enthralled.
Yet she dares not approach him. Time passes
and we find our heroine bitterly calling a halt
to a relationship to which she gave her all but
received nothing in return. After such
struggle and strife she says “you're taking all I
got and now you're leaving". after which she
pleads with him to stay. The viewers are on
the edges of their seats. What. oh what will
happen next? Well. now that the. guy is going
to slay. it's a good bet that she will have to
leave. Arid naturally she does. But not for
long! In the next scene she has returned and
we hear her say to the confused chap “it's
loving you that keeps me around." Irony finds
its way him the serials.

(Jeff Halt

Unless you're really into melodrama. these
sorts of goings'on would tend to become a bit
tedious. And that's the problem with‘
Restless Nights. the new album from Karla
Bonoff. in tltat the themes of the songs
proceed in the same manner as outlined
above But at least the title's apt with so
many love conflicts. anybody's nights would

 

 

 

be restless.

Runoff“: predisposition to sentimentality
certainly comes as no surprise. llt‘r first
album. released two years ago. was a glossy
(trllt't tron of infectious love songs tIJIilt h
lftt llttlt‘tl three of her tunes made famous by
l.inda Ronstadt‘ “Someone To Lay Down
llilside Me". "I Can't llokl 0n" and (more
irony) "l‘ai't II Always love" Hire of the best
things about that album was that ll wasn't all
love "lloiiii' corrreined use” With nothing

 

 

 

more than how ltlt t’ it was to llt’ on the road V

And.
Lav

Bonoff's new
album is heavy on the soap.

Restless Nights, Karla

home after a long time away. Fortunately.
Borioff resisted the temptation of putting a
lover at the end of the road, and the song
served as a welcoirre break between the
mushy (but nice) stuff.

No such lttck this time around. Karla's back
with the same producer (Kenny Edwards),
engineer (Greg lairlanyi). arranger (David
Campbell). and many of the players that
appeared on her debut. The lovu songs are
back too. and in full force. All Itltlt' tunes are
variations of the same old flit-tires: love is lost.
found. lost again, possibly fotind once tnore,
given up as a lost cause . . and so it goes.
After a few listenings one wonders if it's
advisable to evvn bother trying anymore.

And that's a shame The album is great. as

 

far as nrusicianulripnorm. biit the Itt|)t‘.lllt()lll)f'

-.iiliject matter In just too Hill! fr l have the
It‘t'llilﬂ Karla fionoff t .in do lltllt h butter than
this. but to do so who"; going to have to stop
putting out the syrupy stuff and ‘ilitlf getting
into some tut-atti'r‘ things. This I‘. only her
wrinrrl album; perhaps by the third she'll
havu stopped digging the littlt' slit"-, iirailtially

sinking into. —

 Apo‘calyps

For three years. cynics in the film industry
have been laughing at Francis Coppola. an
Apocalypse Now has been referred to
variously as Apocalypse When?. Apocalypse
Litter. and even Apocalypse Net/er. But after
a wait extended many times. and a budget
that‘finally exceeded thirty million dollars.
Coppola's long-awaited Vietnam super-epic is
finally in movie theaters. »

Jim Dixon-

The results of Coppola's efforts (including
raising half the budget himself). are stunning.
He has created a film awesome iii its spectacle
and visual power. It is a haunting. powerful
examination of human violence. a tour de
force of dramatic excellence. .

The script (first written by writer-director
John Milius in 1969. and heavily revised by
Coppola since). is based loosely on Joseph
Conrad's novel. Hour! of Durknt-ss. It is an
odyssey up a river. the river in a sense a
symbol of a path that changcs the person that
travels it. Martin Sheen. one of the few
worthwhile actors to emerge in recent years
from the wastelands of television. plays
Willard. an Army Intelligence officer ordered
by his superiors to go iirto Cambodia and
"terminate the command" of a Colonel Kurtz
(Marlon Brando) who is running his own
ruthless war of atrocities frotn an ancient
temple.

\-

Enroute, Willard ponders his mission, and

the dishonesty and ineptitude of his
superiors. He begins to admire Kurtz, who
does things his way, and realizes that war‘can
only be conducted ruthlessly.
v The further up the river the film takes
Willard. the more order seems to deteriorate
and be replaced with anarchy. A show to
entertain the troops with jiggling Playboy
Lunnies becomes a riot; soldiers withurape on
their minds rush the stage. The bunnies are
barely airlifted out in time. as soldiers with
their pants around their ankles cling to the
skids of the ascending helicopter. Farther up
the- river. at the last American holdout.
Willard can find no commanding officer. and
the soldiers carry on a grim. stalemated
struggle with faceless Viet Cong. Here. a
messenger tells Willard: "Captain. you're in
the ussltole o] the world."

Willard. when he arrives in Kurtz's domain.
finds a different workl. where there is order. at

the world of Kurtz, an absolute ruler.

Kurtz maintains order. and obtains
victories with a small army of renegade
deserters. and a band of primitive
Montagnard tribesmen. to whom Kurtz is a
god. Kurtz also has a devoted disciple in the
person of a burnt-out photojournalist (Dennis
Hopper) who tells Willard that Kurtz is the
ultimate poet‘warrior.

Brando, generally seen only in the
shadows. is a frightening. but quiet presence.

 

Robert Duvall (left) as the napalm-loving Col. Kilgore. Martin Sheen on the journey to

Cambodia.

mm

10 really has only one problem---it stinks.
It's a bad premise badly executed and badly
acted (with one and a half exceptions). It's
boring, stupid. and chauvinistic beyond com»
prehenslon; its "humor." when not at a three»
year-old level. is unwarrentedly cruel.
Everything in it has been done before and
much better. But more than anything else 10's
most offensive trait is the fact that it has such a
low regard for its audience to think we'll fall for
the massive implausiblllties writer-director
Blake Edwards has come up with to move his
trite little plot along.

Mark Rossier

In order for If) to work at all. the audience
has to be willing to believe that a relatively
sophisticated 42 year old Oscar winning com
poser. with Julie Andrews for a lover, would
suddenly he turned into a quivering. gibberish
twelve'yearmld Virgin at the mere sight of a
beautiful woman. Worse yet. when he sees
her she's on the way to her wedding and he
actually follows her to Mexico on her honey»
moon. Now no matter how many feeble ex
cuses are made about male [menopause this
just doesn't cut the mustard. fn additioir to this
absurd premise the movie is so fttll of in
congruities that eventually the only fun to be
had is counting them. There's the dentist who
for some reason fills six serious caVities in one

 

 

visit; the young husband who falls asleep on a
surfboard and floats out into the middle of the
ocean without ever waking up; and the young
wife (Miss 10 herself) dozing on shore who
doesn't seem to notice he's gone. Our hero
(Dudley Moore) goes to a beach in a sweatsuit
where a waiter carries him into the water so he
can be cool while he drinks his Bloody Mary.
because despite spending the whole afternoon
there the sand still burns his feet. And, of
course. they are the BIG joke of the first forty
minutes. Then there is Moore's and Andrews'
"communication problem". That is. he calls
her just at the exact second she happened to
call him and they both get busy signals, or he
drives up. etc. [Not only is this the oldest joke
in the book. it's only nrildly amusing the first
time. but Edwards keeps it going for the first
third of the movie (this guy must have grown
up on a farrrr because he milks a joke better. or
worse. than anyone). I stopped counting at fif»
teen. they just started coming too fast to keep
track of:

In addition to urakiirg what may well be the
dumbest movre of the year lidwardu has sucr
ceetled lll making one of the most
clrairvanistic, blatently hostile films: about
women to come out in a number of years. ViI
tnally every Women fit It}. even the t’KIr-o.
with the exception of Andrews and an old
woman who". subjected to «are of the Critt'lttsl

sight gags I've evur' 'rl‘t'lt (now. I like cruel

 

  
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
  
  
   

  

Sound and Vision

 

 

 

He maintains an eerie quality. entranced by
the fact that he's as difficult to see as to
riderstand. (Though this is effective. it is
clmittedly the result of Brando arriving on
ocation some ninety pounds overweight. an
rerage totalling more than Coppola's wife's
tire weight at that time.)
The climax. which brings together Kuriz's
iilosophy of war with Coppola's Vision of
olence. is a masterful. surreal nightmare.
he lighting is done in subdued reds and
anges. and Willard is transformed from an
nocnons appearing man to a slick.
eaming. intimidating aveiiging angel.
olence becomes the key issue. as murder is
ually contrasted with butchery.
The cinematography oprocuIypse Now is
, e of the best ever done in color. Veteran
'i lian cinematographer Vittorio Storaro. of
st Tango In Paris and 1900 surpassed
self, and should put his name squarely in
ngg f - same league with Vilmos Zsigmond and
'5» , n Nyquist. Of special note are the aerial
uences featuring Army helicopters. and
tight photography done on location in the
' Philippine jungles. in which the soldiers seem
blbe dwarfed by the foliage. Storaro and
oppola capture a feeling in these sequences
lt'iever thought I'd see outside a Hildebrandt
fathers painting.
'. The acting is superb throughout. Robert
Duvalt. however. almost steals the film in a

    
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
    
 

 

i ' k ' ‘ \‘

t 'u l
rtz’s army
ters the renegade Colonel's camp.

    
  
  
  
 
  
     
   
  
  
  
   
   
     
    
    
 
   
  
 
   
 
   
  
 
   
  
  
   
  
 
  
   
  
 
  
 
  
  
   
   
   
  
 
  
  
    
  

  
 
   
 
 
 
  

Jt'tmor. but this is vicious for no reason). every
" men appears totally nude and tnost of them
he sluts too. Rarely has a film been this
mysogynistic. There, is not one vaguely
josittve portrait of a woman; even Andrews
lathe has a successful career of her own seems
- have nothing better to do than mope
'ound waiting to see if Dudley will regain his
nses. It's a spiteful film and women
A erywhere should be offended. I don't know
‘ Fyhat Edwards' problem is, but after something
like this can genocide be far behind?

The acting of most of the cast is incompe-
nt, to say the least. Moore. usually a fine
median. ends up degrading himself by tak-
'9 part in pointless slapstick routines that look
'i ' retreads frotn Edwards' Pink Panther
ovtes. He's always been just on the fringe of
rdom and I assume this. his first major role
i on American film. was supposed to change
--I don't think it will. but even If it does it's
't errible excuse. I expected much. much bet-
. taste from a man who married Tuesday
Id. Bo Derek has the admittedly difficult
of being cast as everyrnan’s erotic ideal
j' she would have pulled it off if she didn't
it to speaktllke Suzanne Soiners playing a
- g llar part in American Graffiti). When she
ns her mouth-to speak that ls-she jttst Isn't
vlnclng. While typecasttng can be fine. it
ain't mean you get a mental midget to play
' ental mldget. Julie Andrews is the half I

      
 
   
  
    
    
    
      
 
  
    
  
   
   
 
    
  

   
 
  
 
  
   
 
  
 
   
   
   
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
   

 

large cameo as a flatnboyant Air Cavalry
..‘ ~ . ‘ .

1: Last ' *

colonel. who's a surfing nut and wears a
Stetson hat. "I love the smell o/uupolnt in the
morning. "he quips at one point. “It smells like
t'tclor'y. "

Ultimately. the film belongs to Sheen. who
brings off a difficult role believany and
consistantly. Coppola. a director who enjoys
improvising sequences. actually inebriated
his star for a bizarre opening sequence. in
which a drunken Willard does judo exercises
around his Saigon hotel room. and ends up
smashing a mirror with his hand and
collapsing naked on the floor. clutching his
bleeding fist. Sheen plays a narrator who does
more than watch the story. but who interacts
with the events he sees. and is changed by
them. It's an Academy Award level
performance.

Apocalypse Now has little in common with
its predecessors in the “Vietnam war film"
genre. such as The Boys in Company C or
Go Tell The Spurious. The Vietnam conflict
serves as more than a backdrop for a story
that isalmost primal. The questionsare not so
much about the political aspects of the war.
but of the human aspects of war. Kurtz is the
tragic hero in a way. a mart repelled by the
atrocities he commits. yet convinced they
must be committed. if he is to defeat the Viet
Cong. who are strong enough to commit
them as well The attitude is Machiavellian.
open to debate. and in the end. unresolved.

- \\. . .
of deserters and natives who worship him confront Sheen's boat as it

 

 

 

 

from I0 goes jogging and when she
passes Ahhh...
mentioned earlier. I like her and her perfor-
mance. but she's just not given anything to do
and her brief appearance only goes to remind
us how long it's been since we've seen her.
(She and Gena Rowlands ought to dump their
husbands and start going after the parts lesser
talents are getting. They're both damn
talented and for years they've appeared only
in mediocre projects thought up by their
husbands. It's about time they worked with
people worthy of them). But the real. in fact
the only. Joy to be gotten oitt of 10 is the
superb portrayal of Mary Lewis by Dee
Wallace. She in no way humiliates herself so
this may well be her steppingstune to fame. or
at least steady work. As a woman torn apart
by her sexual role she fills the screen with '
credibility not evident anywhere else. I have as
continued on 10.4

pursues his mission

Nutcracker Sweets

 

Canioflanged in the steamy jungles of Vietnam. Martin Sheen

asst simite Knrt/..

 

 

Welcome to the World of Dream l’nlire. a
world of futuristic imagery. lyrical absurdity.
and guitar string wizardry. Enter. if you will
iitlo Iht, realm of musical mayhem brought
forth to its by the release of (Theap 'I'rit‘k's new
album. [)It’fllll Police

Al Baca

Cheap Trick is. to say the least. a veii;
unusual hand. When they released their first
albittn in I‘J77. they could easily have been
disregarded as a mere heavy metal band. flow
was anyone to take this grottp seriously when
they were produced by .lack Douglas (of
Aerostnith fame) and had. as their guitarist. a
lluntz I'Iall look alike named Rick Nielsen?
Their second and third albums brought them a
change of producer in Tom Wurinan. This
brought about a drastic change in style frorn
one which was dependent on long. drawn-out
guitar riffs to one which highlighted Robin
Zander's vocals and Tom Petersson's ti and 12
string bass.

The band gained a national. and even inter-
tiatiotral. following with the release of Cheap
Trick at Bndokun, a live album recorded in
Japan. "Surrender" was the big single from
that album. It was this song that made it to the
AM charts and was the definitive boost in the
band's career.

Dream Police is a conglomeratlon of all
those qualities which make Cheap 'I'rlck a
great band. The songs on this album deal with
everything from a mystical police force on
"Dream Police" to one night sexual escapades
on “I'll Be With You Tonight."

All the songs possess that degree of absurdi-
ty which distinguishes Cheap Trick from most
other bands around today. Face it, these guys
do not take themselves seriously. If they did.
they'd probably end up In an insane asylum.
This can easily be seen by looking at Rick
Nielsen's lyrics to "The House Is Rocktn‘ (With
Domestic Problems)” ~ “I know you know my
world is In a spln. You wanna conic on In? He
said she said it '5 had [or the children. He went
and bought a gun. flauuy, Heauy, Heauy,
l'leauy." Only Cheap Trick can get away with
performing a song with such lyrics. Their
outrageous attitude Is one of those qualities
which makes their music so appealing; A

 

‘ Japanese.

49" SWAT.

as Capt. Willard

 

Their st rugs are not only abstlttl'; but are also
filled icitli ltt'ittfltl szumplary of this is “I'll Be
With You Tonight" "I'om'g/if will he the/it's!

 

fllllt' l'iu' lu'u/r in lot/r with you. Yougi't me so
excited I'm not sure tu/rol I'm gonna (Ir).
'I'tllllrlllttlU you won't [71' here our! I don't ex-
alent fora band to incor-
into a song which is a

 

pact you to " It takes t
por'ate meaningful lyric
Very danceable rocker.

Other soith on the album are equally pleas-
ing to the auditory senses. An especially in-
teresting cut is “Need Your Love." a studio
version of the song first introduced on the
liodokun album. This rendition has been im-
proved by trimming it down from nine minutes
to about six and a half. Tom Petersson's bass ls.
more pronounced and complemented well by '
Nielsen's lead guitar. Zander's (locals sound
more exliilirating on the live album btit this can
be overlooked when we take into considera-
tion the welcome ‘loss of all those screaming

  

Musically. the band has reached near
perfection All instruments blend together very
well. with I’etersson's bass betiig a main ingre-
dient. highlighted by Zander's rhythm guitar

continued on 10/)

 

Would you be arrested by these men?
Cheap Trick's Dream Police is rock and

 

 

 

     
 
    

   
   
 
  
    
  
  
  
     
   
   
    
   
   

 
 

 

   
       
 
          
  

     
 
 
  

    
  

    
   
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   

   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
    
   
   
 
 
     

   
     
  
  
  
  
 

   
      
 

   
      
  
  
 
     
   
     
   
 
  
   
  
   
   
    
      
  
      
   
   
  
   
   
  

   
 
   
   
     
  
   
  

who... "use.-. _. .

   
  
   
 
  
  
  
   
   
  
    
 
  
    
  

    

  

