.m..-~...,..g.1

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(wot-ta  ﬁrst»;
Kennedy Tape Jolts Johnson

 

BOSTON (AP) A recently released “oral history.” taped by
the late Robert F. Kennedy in l964 shows that President
John F. Kennedy wanted to promote former Defense
Secretary Robert S. McNamara as a presidential candidate
to keep Lyndon Johnson out of the White House. The
Boston Sunday Globe quoted tapes —-- part of the John F.
Kennedy Library which willopen Oct. 20 — in which Robert
Kennedy told diplomat John Bartlow Martin that President
Kennedy thought more highly of McNamara than of any
other member of his cabinet. “And we talked —- we
anticipated in 1968 of. you know. Lyndon Johnson
becoming a candidate and he thought of trying to move in
the direction that would get the nomination for Bob
McNamara." he said. Kennedy said that although the
president was impressed with 1he way McNamara handled
himself in the I962 Cuban missile crisis where. the younger
Kennedy said. “you can see what can happen to a country
and how much depends on a particular individual." The
younger Kennedy‘s recordings were made tltc year after his
brother was assassinated. and four years before he was
gunned down himself.

transfer of canal property and cut off payment of Panama‘s
share of canal revenues if the president determined that

~Sovict or Cuban troops were in the country. Dole‘s proposal

was opposed by Senator Carl Levin. D-Mieh.. ﬂoor
manager of the bill. who said any such change would delay
Congress‘ ﬁnal approval ofthe measure. Opposition to the
treaties has beci'i stiffest in the House. which attached a
variety of amendments to its version of the legislation.
Nearly all of the House provisions were deleted from the
ﬁnal measure approved by the Senate.

McHenry Replaces Young

WASHINGTON (AP) Donald F. McHenry took the oath
of ofﬁce Surtdayas the United State's new ambassador to the
United Nations and predicted he will havca tough firstycar.
“We probably face the most difﬁcult General Assembly that
we have faced in the last l0 years.“ McHenry said at a White
House ceremony. He said he didn't expect quick solutions to
all the world‘s problems. "Indeed. we will be lucky if we can
come up with the solutions to a very few." he said. McHenry
was second in command to his predecessor. Andrew Young.
and said Sunday tltat as ambassador he would contirtuc to
seek help from Young. Young is planning to set tip a nort-
profit consulting firm in Atlanta to push for various

objectives. including a ntorc favorable U.S. policy toward
the Palestine Liberation Organi/iitiort. Young praised
Mcllcnry‘s abilities. and also predicted that tltc upcoming
U.N. (icncral Assembly session would be a difficult ortc for
the United Statcs. Young rcsigncd urtrlcr prcssurc aftcr
admitting that lit told less than tltc truth about an
urtauthorircd mcctiiig ltc held with a PLO rcprcscittativc. “I
rcally have no regrets." Yotirig said.

House Kills Panama Bill

WASHINGTON (AP) The House of Representatives
icfuscd Thursday to approve a bill designed to carry otii the
final details of the Panama Canal trcatics. which are
scheduled to take effect in less than two weeks. The measure.
approved earlier in the day by the Senate on a (iii-.15 vote.
was dcfepted in the House on a vote of 20.1492. The bill
would establish a [LS-controlled commission to opcratc the
canal until the end of the century. Under the terms of the
treaty. the canal will be plriccd undcr complctc Panamanian
control on Dccembcr ,‘ll. I999. llcf‘orc approving the
legislation. tltc Scnatc dcfciitcd oit a 50—45 vote. a
Republican effort to attach rcstrictions to Ilic tr'ciitics. The
proposal. by Senator lloh Dole. R-Kiirt.. would have ltaltcd

Egypt Requests More Aid

 

ISMAIIJA. Egypt (AP) President Artwar Sadat indicated
Sunday that Egypt would seek additional US. military and
ccortomic aid. btit a top US. foreign aid official who ittct
witlt him said a massive increase is “unlikely” hccatisc (if a

 

, '. I ' 7 .
tight domestic budget. Sadat did not reveal the size of the
increase Egypt sought. but said “in due time this win be
declared." He previously has said Egypt needs as’much as
SIS billion in reconstruction aid over the next five years.
Douglas Bennet. head ofthc US. Agency for International
Development. did not rule out aid in rea5es to both Egypt
and Israel. But be indicated the increases Would be nowhere
near the multibillion-dollar ﬁgures the two countries have
r“ :cd at. After meeting with Bennct. Sadat told reporters
Vice President Hosny Mubarak had briefed top American
officials last week about Egypt‘s economic and military
needs. The United States is now providing Egypt about SI
billion a year in economic aid. plus $l.5 billion in military
assistance over the next three years. Egyptian officials have
indicated Egypt needs up to SIO billion to refit its military,
which is equipped with aging and obsolete Soviet hardware,

Soviet Skaters Glide West

BERN. Switzerland (AP) The Soviet husband-wife figure
skating team of Olcg Protopopov and Ludmila Ilclousova.
four-time world champions and twicc Olympic champions.
ltavc defected to the West. tltc Swiss Justice Ministry
announced today. Thcir request for political asylum in
Swiircrland follows tltc rccent defections of three Soviet
ballet dancers in the United States. A ministry spokesman.
Ulrich Hubachcr. said tltc 47-year—old Protopopov and his
4J—ycar-old wife. the prcnticr Russian skating tcam of thc
|9(i0s. dcfcctcd during art exhibition totir of Western
Europe. Hc said their request for asylum was made several
days ago and lic expects it Swiss government decision will
take several wccks. Iluhiiclicr had no intmcdiatc commcrit
on the motivation for their request or on their prcscnr
whereabouts in Switlcrland. 'l’ltc ProtopopoVs wcrc world
and European figure-skating tcant champions front I965 to
I968. and won the Olympic gold medal irt l9fi4 aitd l9oti.
They skated iii a ballet style that was ri dcpartur'c front the
standard technique of tltc tirttc. ’I‘hc pair had hccri expected
to scck their third Olympic gold medal at the winter giirttcs
next year in Lakc Placid.

 

 

 

 

 

i Fallfest Is On Its Way

Fallfcst is on! Dcspitc problems bctwccrt tlic
administration and Student Association (SA) concerning
security. Plant Department resources. and general carnival
procedures. tltc big cvcrtt will take place on October 4th
through tltc 7th.

Rain or shine. the carnival will bc held in the State Quad Take your mark. get ready. 'ch sci. go! 'l'liat's rigltt.
parking lot with cigltt big ridcs. giirttc booths. and lots of wrilkcrsziitd loggers. Saturday.()ct.(iistlic day. llctwecntlic
[00¢ - hours of If) um. and noon. 'l'clctlton‘s third annual

As part of a continuing effort to itiakc tltc tiiti\crsity Wulkllllltlll'jOglllllOll will he underway. starting iit front of
cxpcricnccnmorccnjoytiblconthc UiiivcrsityCoittittunity University (iyitt.

Can‘mm“ 99“ SA “W Silm‘smintl lhk‘ L‘WHI- "'l'clctliori ‘litl is hoping for a large iiitivcrsity-commtirtity
turnout." said Stuart (iruskirt. co-cltair of tire annual fund-
raisiitg merit. “The project is to get people to sponsor the
walkers and joggch for each mile they complete up to a
maxintiint of ten.“

Joggers and walkers will begin the rill-day marathon dowrt
Avenuc to the event's farthest checkpoint
Park. The jog-a-tltoit rotitc will tltcrt wind
streets on tltc way uptown. finally reaching
and ending the course at State Quad.

Telethon Sponsors

Walkathon/Jogathon

Anti-Nuke Rally Planned

West Valley. New York will be the gathering sitc Iotcrrhis WCSWF“
month for some 5000 anti-nuclear demonstrators. who will w““"“i“°"
join such notables as singer John Hall and Congresswoman lhnmtlh my
Elirahcth Holtzman(D-Brooklynl in voicingthcir concerns. WMth‘P“ AWN”
The protestors will speak out against the possible reopening inlL‘I'CSlL‘Ll‘WtIlkL‘I‘S and joggcrs. participating alortc or iii
ofa nuclear repository site in this Western New York town. groups. cart pick up sponsor sltccts‘ at the Campus Center
just 35 miles southeast of Buffalo. Information Desk beginning today.

The facility was closed in 1972 by Nuclear Fuel Services. As ait added incentive. the group with ovcrfhi participants
Inc. for economic reasons. Accordingto NFS spokespeople, raising the most money will be awarded a prirc of four kcgs‘.
plans are being drawn up for expansion which Will make me donatcd by Budweiser. (iroups of less than .10 members will
facility a proﬁtable operation. compete for two kegs.

The rally is being sponsored by the September 29 So. rtrit for the gusto. and raise some money fora worthy
Coalition. composed of anti-nuclear groups front CiHISL' Ill till: Smut: limc.
throughout upstate New York.

According to Dave Finncll. Political Action coordinator
for the coalition. the New York State Department of Energy
has offered to pay at least 75 percent ofcleanup costs forthc
site “if it were reopened to accept spent fuel on art allegedly
temporary basis."

The anti-nuke group‘s demands include a ban on
transportation of nuclear waste through New York State.
environmental impact studies for the area ofthc site. health
studies of former employees of Nuclear Fuel Services. and
retraining of these employees for jobs not related to the
nucle’ar industry.

But West Valley will not be the only protest site. Anti-
nuclear groups will voice their views at sites irt South

Carolina. Washington state and England on September 29.
dubbed an “international day ofprotcst against the dangers
of nuclear waste."

 

 

Credit Union G rows

Despite Competition

Even with tltc installation of the Marine Midland
Moncymatic Macltiiic iii the University. tltc SUNYA Credit
Union has exceeded last year‘s Illlllll‘lL'r of members by 500.
“We broke [.000 accounts." said Credit Union Vicc
President.

Sc‘tatsky said the Credit Urtiori is more beneficial to lilL'
student than the Moitcynttitic. A higher interest ratc.
ranging front 5.25 to 6.25 percent. coupled with a Sltltlc‘lil
loan program of $200 to $400 cannot be offcrcd by Marine
Midland. explained Scliatsky.

"Most commercial banks have a maximum 5.25 percent
illlL‘l’L‘hl rate: must bunks sec students as a very brid credit
risk." he addcd.

Matty students do not want to wait for tire ripening of tlic
ivloiicyiitatic Machine. which is still pciidirig approval from
thc New York Statc flanking Coittinissioit. Sclrrttsky added
that union profits "go back to tlic mcrnhcis."

Scliiitsky said the Credit Union invests its llIIHIL')’“Suﬁ-'in
using tltc Empire Corporate Union. llc cspliiiiicd llull
iitoitcy rates are higlt. tliiis citahling sttttlcttts to i'cccivc more
benefits.

 

~ studciit

 

 

 

 

CSwnya News Ila-Iain)"l

 

 

g. _, .

'm —r‘ ~—_. '4‘

 

PAGE TWO ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

SEPTEMBER 25, 1.979

 

A r

if Lester 

by Lyn Harris

Student voting rights may soon be
the subject of a law-nit against the
city of Albany. ttccordi ig to Student
Legal Services Attorney Jack
Lester.

Legal Serviccs will decide whether
to pursue litigation on the basis of
results of a two week student run
voter registration drivc ending
September 28.

The drive. led by tltc Student
Association of tire State University
(SASU). New York Public Interest
Research Group. Inc. (NYPIRG).
Studcttt Association (SA). and
Legal Services. will determine ltow
many SUNYA students will be
dciticd voting status iit Albany
clcctioris.

According to NYPIRG
rcprcscittiithc Liszt SCllWill‘ll. many
votci' applications are
rcjcctcd ori tltc grounds that
students arc temporary rcsidcrtts.

lioard of Elections ritcrtibcr
(icoigc Scai'iiigci' said lltc courtly
housing

considers campus

temporary.

Section ISI ofthe New York State
Election Laws states that a student
cannot gain or lose residency "in the
event of temporary absence from
domicile“ while attending college.
SASU Vice President for Campus
Affairs Tony Giardina explained
that it is tip to the discretion ofthe
election committee to decide
whether students are rcsidcnts of
their college communities.

“Any student is considered a
temporary resident. even if they‘re
living off-campus." lte said.

Giardiiia added that the election
comirtittcc often “slips up" by
allowing off-campus student
registration to go through because
of their city addresses.

Approximately 50 to l00 students
who Itavc been denied votirtg
privileges. will be involvud in test
cases for purposes of litigation.

Lester believes Legal Services will
be successful in obtaining strident
voting rights. referring to a Supreme
Cottrt dccision. hartdcd down last
spring. concerning a Texas

 

 

Joliri Kei
I-‘r‘glrli‘ng tlri' rityii' tutti-grouper Irriiu'.

 

 

I’Itolu: Marc Ila/ck

g swam... at... "

residency law statute in that case. a
decision to deny students voting
rights was struck down under the
constitutional "equal protection
clause.“ stating that students were
set apart as a special class.

According to Giardina. Attorney
General Robert Adams is reviewing
student voting rights on a statewide
basis.

"He could potentially hiiiid down '

an opinion concerning students." he
said. “Once that‘s done. We'll either
lltl\’L' or not have the riglti to vote.“

Scltwnrtl said that students
should bc allowed to yotc because
they live in Albany ten months out
of tire year. many students bciitg
ittorc intolvcd with Albany politics
than \\ itlt tliosc ol‘tlicir ltontc towns.
Shc addcd that witltout studcitt
voters. the collcgc community has
no power iit Albany politics.

'I'ltc incriigc Aritcricait moves into
a HP“ coitirnurtity every three years
iirtd retains the right to mac. said
(iiiirtliita. A student residing in a
college comrtiiiniiy docs itot always
hate this option. ltt- said.

 

 

 

 

 

 

Student Association Attorney Jack

Lester.

"Tl’lil/NII‘IIKI‘ rl'.\'f(l(’lll.l'” nmv low the right In vrm'.

I’ImIo: Mr'lrt' I-‘rlrrcll

Off-Campus Groups Fight Zoning

by Sylvia Saunders

SUNYA‘s Off Campus Associa-
tion (OCA) arid Albany‘s Pinc Ilills
Neighborhood Association
(I’IINA) have joined lorccs to
abolish a city “iiiiti-gi'oiipcr" law.
which prohibits four or more
unrclarcd individuals from sharing
houstng.

'l'ltc two groups met last wcck to
discuss the issue and to identify
alternatives to tltc law. which OCA
Coordinator John Kennedy
described as “aitti-stttdcitt“.

Tlic titcctiitg was called by ()CA in
response to ti rccciit New Jersey
Supreme Court ruling which
dccrncd similar Nciv .lcrscy housing
laws as unconstitutional

Kcititcdy said the anti-student law
constitutcs denial ol's‘ i/lcnls'rights
to dtic process arid to privacy. He
called the law "excessive." citing tltc
availability of many less cxtrcntc
rcmcdics to deal witlt tlic problciit.

City of Albany Codc Eiiforcc-
ritciit llurcziii Director Arthur
Pltiitrtcy claims that wliilc tltc law is
incffcciivc. it is “just very difficult to
enforce".

Doctoral Programs Under Study By State

by Laura Fiorentlno

The State Education Department
(SED) is ciirrcntly reviewing
doctoral programs of two SUNYA
departments. according to tire Dean
of Graduate Studics Robert
McFarland.

The Education and Administra-
lion and the Counseling and
Pci'soitncldcpiirtntcittsiii'cprcscrttly
hciiigcvahiittcd by SIZI). A rcicvicw
of the Spanish and (icrmiin doctoral
programs. which were placed on
probation three years rigo. will also
take place. "SED will rcr'cvicw tltcsc
departments to see if their
weaknesses liiivc bccri corrected.“
said Mcl'zirlriiitl. _

'llic doctorate icvtcw program.
which began in I973. cviiltuitcs [9
New York State universities in 42

Different subject
cd cach year, Since
llfl\‘C liccn

major siibjr
areas are lL'\IL
I97]. [-1 disciplines
evaluated. V I
n'l'ltc ptitprisc of ilu' ctriliiiitiiin u.
to maintain programs that meet
quality and
and pliiisc out

standards of
tlciiioiistt‘rili' il iiccd

SEPTEMBER 25,- I979

those that do not." said Actittg
Coordinator of the Doctorate
Review Project Ms. Minor.

SE l) criteria used forjudging tltc
quality of a doctoral progrtmt arc
based on faculty recognition in the
field and the grades of
urtdcrgradutitc students. explained
Vice President of Research aitd
Dean of Graduate Studies Ricltard
Hall. “The better quality students
are attracted to it recognized
doctoral program."

In the past. SUNYA‘s Historyano'
English doctortil programs were
tcrtititititcdriftcrfriilingtomcctS )
standards. The Chemistry
dcparttitcnt was put on suspension
iii I977 bcctiusc of tire low number
aitd dccrciising caliber of sttidcnts
who applied for tire program. said
Mcl' Hand.

“The Cltcittisti'y department is
now ready for rcrcvicw." hc iitldcd.
“ln l97li wc ltiid a group ofclicittists
who helped to develop a three year
plan for strengthening the potential
of a doctoral program. Wc ntridc
iinprovcriicnts and wc are hoping for

rcrcvicw by the Slil)!‘

Most of SUNYA‘s doctoral
programs lttivc been successful. adds
McFarland. “Our Political Science.
Sociology. and Anthropology I‘lld
departments were rated rtunthcr one
in past years. Those which were
tcrrnirtatcd wcrc fcw in comparison
to those which were successful."
McFarland believes that the
programs presently ititdcr review
stand a good cliaitcc of succcss. but
adds “that due to the number of
variables involved iii the process it is
ltirrd to tell tltc outcome".

According to Hall. the doctoral
evaluation begins with a self study
done by the department in review.
'I‘cn copies of this study are then
submitted to SEI). which lritcr'scrtds
n cite team to tlic department to
iittcrview faculty ttitd students. illit-
proccss‘ is crillctl “peer review" or
evaluations conducted by i'cptittiblc
persons iit lltc ficld.

"Questions regarding access to
facultyadviscmcnt. satisfaction with
library arid computer

(’Ullffllllf'll on page six

COllI‘SCS.

"Students." he said. “arc playing
gttrttcs witlt us. One siitglc mailbox
accepts mail for tcit people. Wc
don't know wlicrc tltc students are
livirtg. Our job is not to go otit and
argue with studcrtts. We are not airti-
grouper or aitti-stutlcnt. We are
anti-landlords wlto take in as many
students as they cart rind ignorc tltc
rules. Wc'rcjust trying to enforce the
law.“

Kcnncdy claims iltc city enforces
tltc law arbitrarily. with students
bciitg the only ones subjch to tltc
law. "('onvciits and othcr group
homes." he said. "are apparently not
included."

“But even if it wcr‘c dortc f‘riirlyand
Ilii tltcdwclliitgs were really clicckcd.
there's still no way the law could be
totally cnforccd."said Kcnitcdy. “At
least 200 additional apartnicnts
would lic needed to house the extra
people. and there just arcn‘t any
additional apartments iit Albany.“

Phinncy agrees with Kennedy's
doubts that iltlL‘qll‘dlL‘ housing is
ttvailablc for tltc ritiittbcr of students
SUNYA admits caclt year. Kcrtncdy
said tltc problem is caused by

SUNYA's lack of adequate housing
facilitics.citirtgtltc ovcradmission of
stridcitts as forcing thousands to
ittovc off campus each year.

“The llriivcrsityjust isn‘t aware of
tlic diirttagc their ovcradniissioit
causes." ltc said. "They dor't sec tltc
overcrowding impact beyond
Pcriritetcr Road."

According to Kennedy. the
impact is much larger than most
suspect. While bctwccn fch and
seven thousand students live off
campus this year. 35 percent oftltcsc
lch irt apartments with four or more
people. iic said.

Siiicc so ntuny people are directly
affected. ()L‘A and I’HNA have piit
together a package of laws which
they hope will replace the
controversial anti-grouper law.

’I'lic two groups agree that the new
law should tic togctlicr existing
statutes. When an apartment is
vacant. city inspectors could set an
occupancy limit based on the
number of square feet of living
spacc.

The groups also agreed to push

 

SUN YA Dean of Graduate Studles Robert McFarland.
El'tlllllllf" ' .i'mndrir 1st ' I [fly ' I) '1 II" ' 
r, t i/qru , m or am iogmmitphom: Mark Hale"

ALBANY i STUDENT, caress

.

PAGE mart

 

