 

 

‘- ....

 

  

  
   
  
 
 
  
  
     
       
    
   
   
     
 
    
    
    
   
 
   
  
 

« . —. n‘,:x\l¥'4 vyrf’z‘.’ AMIMMK—V‘X'IV .w.
,-

  
   
    
  
   
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
   
    
   
  
 
  
  
 
   
   
   
 
    
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
  
  
 
  
    
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
 
 
   
  
  
   
   
  
 
 
  
   
  
   
  
 
  
  
 
 
   
   
 

 

Go i

Four years agotApril 25, 1975)..the story
below was published in Aspects. lt
expressed a graduating student’s opinion
of the “Albany experience.’ " Now, after a
‘ less tumultuous four years(for the country- j
politically and socially), a member of this
year’s graduating class reflects upon

the same subject.

 

   
 
  
  
  
   
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 

Nordic (w ho wrote that article) and l
. have it lot iii common. We birth wrote for
the ASP all too frequently. We botli
spent time in the midwest. traveling from
school to school selling art prints in
’ttt‘lttus cairiptis centers and student
ttnions. We both had internships with a
newspaper called the limes Record in a
forsaken land known as 'li'oy. And we
both are friends with my brother.

.Bich Mermelstein

()iir parallel lives were four years
apart. though. I visited my brother Bill
during his senior yea r at Albanyin |‘)75.
and while waiting to get into the ballroom
for a speech by Angela Davis. I r 'iid
Noi'die's article. Before the speech begari.

 

 

 

Once In H Great: While
It ﬂll Meant: Somethin:

Sure. it took up time during the dtiy.and

Mostly I remember laughing. The
a little at night. Mostly though. school

more obscure the joke the better.

l'here was this time freshman year. my
friend Stew and l were sitting in the dorin
lounge. bullshitting about future careers
wlie... I don‘t know how. we started
wondering how his name would sound
with a title. Upon the wall in magic
marker went. “SJ. llelliis. Attorney at
law  We liked the sottnd so we wrote it

on the dorm rooms. aiitl iii the

Rich Nordwind

bathrooms. and in u t'r‘cri/y we strung
toilet paper rill met the loirrrge witli the
message. "S..l. lllfl.l.llS. A'l lYl Al
I r\\\‘  llierr we turned at desk into the
half. put a name tag on it; Stew put on :i
ire. while I tried to solicit customer's f: .
him. “We'll li.\ any legal problem." I said
to tuilents passing by. Stew sat looking
\ery official. signing ltls_ttitltlc to slteclsol
toilet paper and muttering. “lli. l‘iii S..l.
Itellus. l‘ll prosecute. defend or rerriaiii
neutral." l‘\Cl)‘tIIlC looked at us like we
were social diseases and walked on. I was
laughing so hard that. I swear. my legs
 re stuck beneath me.

Four years later. and it looks like S..l.
Bellus. Att’y at Law. will ttirn into a
reality. He‘s going to law school. so three
years from now be can put up that sign in
truth. But I can‘t explain why that night
freshman year has more meaning to me.
(and maybe Stew). is more real. than all
the years of study. pressure. marks.
acceptance. rejection that came in-
between.

lt‘s an impossible question to answer.
like when my relatives ask me how
school is 1 say. "fine". because there is
nothing else to say. You would think I
could come up with a better answer after
four years. t“Wcll. Uncle Bob. school is
exactly three parts studying to two parts
partying. to one part each drinking and
dope. except when it‘s nice ottt then...“).
hit! lcan't. The question still startles me.

How is school? School. the place you
have been for four years. Yes. now I
remember.

If I could even articttlate it; if my uncle
wasn‘t deal in one ‘ar and impervious to
discussion in the other. I might say.
"School is a joke. A very pleasant joke.
sometimes uproariously funny. bitt a joke
all the same. Let me L'Xpittrll. (‘ollcge has
almost nothing to do with my edrrcatiori.j

 

itself was m-aningless. a device to get
somewhere else places l knewcven less
about than all the courses that will get me

lliere."

No bitterness here. or even irony. 1
really do believe school is funny. And the
State lllti\t.‘l'.\il)' of New York at Albany
is so funny. it‘s practically witty Some of
my layoi'itc SUNYA iokes are:

With \aiid almost unlimited in eyeiy
direction. this school enclosed itself iii
ti morass of concrete. /\ gong e\ery‘ lioiii.‘
White chalk on white architecture. in a
style that ritiglit be called “early sterility "
tltitc impotence). Kafka wottld hate
understood this place well. anybody feel
like a bug lately'.’

(it'eat moments for Woody Allen
mmies in some of my classes discussing
alienation in the 20th ('eiitiiiy. where the
whole back row is either sleeping or
reading the newspaper. A history class
where the teacher says about the year‘s of
student disturbances. “I'm glad students
are off that i'ele\ancy kick now. I‘ve
ltL‘\t.‘t' been relevant a day in my life.“ And
nobody begs to disagree.

Registration. Quad
administration. My advisor (“What‘s
your name. Why are you taking that
class'.’ I hope you know what you‘re
doing“) '

Once in a very great while. it all mcaitt
something.

Sophomore y 'a r. iii a class in Western
Civiliration. I had a teacher who taught
history as a great dialectic between forces
of reason and disorder.and tirade you feel
the conflict like a tug of' war going on
inside. ()r a critical writing class with a
teacher who looked on your work as an
extension of your own intellect. not hers.
The writing itself. even when it was for
the AS ’ and you sweater] blood over-
each liiie. only to [rave people come over
to yott in the iinptis center and say. "I
liked your article. I oiily_read half of it.
bttt it was cute." Still. it was worth it.

On one paper 1 wrote for that critical
writing class. smooth and very
superficial. the teacher noted. “Don‘t
allow yourself the easy way out; don‘t
settle.“ Two years later. and l have to
admit. I‘m still settling.

llut I have an explanation: settling is a
way til life here. 'l he State University of
New York is a sensible place to go to

parties. The

 

for the world most of its will enter uponI
coronation. l‘assiyity is the best lesson I.
.t'irncd here. ft is a school of onlookersl

.lesiis. the stares we illl haye gotten
walking past the library booths or on the
podium. the bureaucracy is so deep here.
yoti can ncyei break through. Why try it'.’
Acct-pt it. Masses of faces you don't
kiiow.all round. blank.a littlcangrydew

of which you will e\ei know. Why ti'y'.’,

Accept it.

So we build ourselves a small eiicla\e
with a close group of friends. dig in. and
hope the world doesn‘t get to its too

' rnticli.

It must have worked in my case. for
\ery little outside ever r 'iilly affected me.
Somewhere in the past four years
Vietnam was fought over and lost. a
President \ ’tlS removed from office.tind I
got a 3.4 “grade point average". bttt I
knew nothing about it. What I cared
about was who was going out with whom.
or pick-up basketball games. or how to
spend a Saturday night when no good
movie. was on campus. For four years I
found my meaning in m 'aninglcss forms.
whil- all things that were stipposcd to
have significance: editcatioii. the
accumulation of knowledge. preparation
for a career. turned ottt to bean extended
joke a giant shaggydog story without a
punchline.

yl sirpposc I should feel silly and wasted
alter all this. but I dort‘t and I don't
apologi/e for it either.

Still. lexpccted more.and the lack ofit
makes me uneasy. At least a positive
statement to mak' after four years of
college. “'l'liink of your life as a road
map.“ my high school pic-college advisor
said to me. "so cltoose your paths wisel\
or college." I mitst‘ve made a wrong turn
along the line. or been detotired bee-ruse
riry paths lead back to the same tilticeltlrey'
started when l was it Freshman lSIl;l
there supposed to be a pleasing seiise or
finality about the last dri 's if - it
when past and present or  ’ LUIMC‘

- Ltge. and out of

 
 

  
  
   
   
    
  
 
 
   
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
    

it you emerge a person‘! It .tist isn't
happening. arid I‘m scared.

Where I go froin here doesn‘t .ioi t\ llll'
as mtich as where l have been When you
know you are going to be on tltpltlyl'll-rl
strange calmness comes o\ r you.) In
always been a gliittoii for nostalgia. \‘\t‘l|
before I had anything to be nostalgic
about. biit the State University of \~ \‘~
York at Albany won‘t let you do that. l I‘
being serntiinental with that roililil
water toWer sticking you in the “HT-

Sitting around iiiyapartment lltt' otf' .
night. talking with S..I. llelliis. llll trim
and future Att'y at law. we were oun'
again pir/yling out oiirliitiire. ll'y’ltll.’ to l“‘
serious. 'l'hat facade broke down iii a
hurry. "You have a very weird untur-
Stew." I mentioned to him. “It has IIr‘
connections with anything. I rhnrl it
I‘L‘llgiolts." We said his name a don
flutes quickly. their Stew tirade tipii Hill"
about his name. entitled “Stew lit'llll '
which \’lts very catchy. l’lt'ffy soon \‘w
WCI'L' shouting it down the block. and l
was laughing so I hard. I could hardly
move.

Bill introduced me to Nortlie.

tliottglit it was cute. 'l'hat

beginning and the end

I‘l tine IS “"5 PGI‘I‘¢CI geom

I told him that l r'ad his article. and

smash“. ,

- Thinking ﬂbout It mi
  Before Moving ﬂheod

relationships with Rich Nordwind.

So. four years later. I peruse the at tiele
that prepared me for my trip tlir'oiight
SUNY Albany. SUNY -- l look at that
acronym. and renienibei the lost time I
saw it. on the black chair that barely fit
into the brown desk in my freshman
stiiteroorri. I read it as SUNNY. Hell. I
was young.

lleic iii Albany wc haye
clouds of may color.

l:\L‘l'_\ shape and e\er'y
si/- and every litre.

And what makes these
clouds different from all
others.

ls that eyci'y single day one
rains on you.

I read air essay iii the ASP two years
described trite person's
freshman year memories in atrocious
niaudlin and sentimental terms that
quickly reminded me what I had for
dinner the night before. It talked of love
and hugging riew sititcniatcs and all of the
wonderful things one puts iii a college
catalogue. or Viewpoints. arid was
nothing short of wretched.

'lhc truth is. unfortunately. that

ago which

., freshman year was a painful transition

period for many. I watched half a tlo/eri

people crack under the pressure.

’5 llttt I also watched a large group of

people with a delightful set of priorities:
It was the night before otri first college
and slowly. the morning sun

finals.
.t of the

approached. announcing for Illt)‘

school the beginning of the week of test

’25 taking.

At fotir iii the irioirririg. though. fat of
us were in the basement of Hilton llall.
v painting. \‘i'e methodically piii the final
onchcs oit aii enormous 25—foot wide by
15-foot long antl ‘)~foot hiin Monopoly
' board that to this day decorates the walls
’ of that coycted dorm.
lbc endless nights we spent outlining

the letters for each property. drawing iii

etrtccii category ror'SUNYFl

Ibonv—Szszi n Mgre (tores)

boxes and boxes. painting over ventsand SUNYA years by. So larry. Howie and l

thermostats and pillars. and fumbling
through the giant ‘0' and '0‘ at the far
end of the room. is the sole reason why
my cum is riot respectable etiotigli {many
law school.

There were other reasons for staying
tip all night that year: trips to round-the—
clock diners. cris —iiiter\entioii sessions
with other Iii-yeai-old kids learning how
to play this new game. and. on occasioir.

  

schoolwork.

— l he paper was ducal lf):llll am. It was
two in the inoining.and l was one—third
finished. lliad neyerdoue it before. bill I
was faced with no altci‘iiiiti\e bttt to pttll
an all»iiiglrter. ll hadn't yet iiiet my good
friend. the Incomplete. with \iliorii 1 lane
spent many a summer in ‘lllltllt passing .
the time.) I was tired. I forced myself to
di ink sortie coffee my mother had stuffed
lll my first care package. I hated the taste
of the cyil ('oltiiribiari betcragc.

"What are you doing up?" .lell asked
from the hall.

"I‘m trying to stay awake to finish this
‘ll resorting to this

 

paper. I'm e
despicable coffee."

"Really".'" He smiled. And their
laughed. “You don‘t like the stuff. hirh'."'

"No. biit it‘s keeping me awake." I
forced another sip.

“You‘re drinking Sanka. lt‘s
dccaflinated. He laughed again. as I
suddenly became very tired.

Not long afterward. I found myself
staying up through the night every
Monday and lhiirsday. ptittirig together
this sacred tabloid. few people reali/c
that for the ASl‘ to eotiie out e\ei'y
’l trestlay and l‘iidtiy.lotsof'elves stay up
until Mitt ri.iir. twice a week. It's not tllllll
tliesc eltes gain it safe distance lroiri if
that they can look brick and icali/c tlic
lolly of it rill. and laugh at how serious
llic\ were.

like Nordic. | iciircinbei laughing. ./\t.‘

the head of the radio station
i'oiriplariiiiig that the radio at the ASI'
office was tuned to \\'()IlK and not

\\‘(‘l)ll. llc liiiiotrsly changed the
station. fiddled with the ttiricr . iiioted the
antenna.
the art in defeat. “Damn. I can‘t find it.‘

a paper I got brick front a teacher

with red marks all oycr it. correction

iiporr coricctioii iiotcil lcft aritl right
Willi this grade: “I iiiiiitis. for slicci‘slrit.‘

and finally tlricw his hands up

wrote:

Put another sticker on the
bumper
'l'ak' another study break
for beer
Find another freshman
and then dump her
Because you ain't ever
getting oiit of here.
lines. \Naiting for hours. More and
more litres. 'l'he campus is flat. a mass of
one~diinensiona| concrete. so a line is a
perfect geometrical allegory for the
campus‘ physique. Lines for logelbei'g
tickets. lines at check cashing. litres at
pic—registration. lirtcs to get onto a bus.
litres at the Rat. l'heoi'y: If you and two
friends stand single file anywhere on
campus. you‘ll soon hate enough people
behind you for a ininytiii. People will line
tip anywhere. tncr'rily'.as longastliere are
more people behind them than in front til
ilreni.

lliere is a place in the spar. of four

years at school for books. and learning.
and academia. But why discuss sticli

'iltlllttytlllt'ch when we ha\c time now to
reflect on the till reefs of nirwies we saw.
l‘)t)2 slices of pl/ltt we ate. the 7275 points
we scored iii racquetball. the W) concerts
we attertded. What better tiriie is there to
think of all the people with whom you
watched the fountains spraying forever
tipwaiil'.’

School. A perfect life at times. You
could always run away. fora weekend at
least. (h c\ert a night. At precisely 8:35
put. one Saturday night. Artie suggested
that we take it ride to l‘enr'n‘sl'or wine and
cheese. We picked tip a friend at Union at
time. got on the llriiiway at ‘lzltl. and
pulled up a seat Ill the Roslyn bar at

l2:25.

freshmen can't relate to
your frustration
\oplioiiroir-s lL'lltl to think
\oii'ic kind of \tt‘lttl
You dwell in dread upon
your graduation
lli'catisc lhc outside world‘s
. trot concrete rind has yoti

sca red.

r llic people. llre voices. “I et me show

i you what I learned in HM | “It‘s only

l’Uill infatuation. it will pass."“l‘iiialriglit.but

I wish these teachers wouldn't

around the bush. I said at the time. cumc “I, ma ;.n)v“;.y_""|)o you “am a
another paper. a ficticiotrs story. tissue?" V ‘

which had it sad ending replete with all The words. I delivered pi/Ia for

the standard sad images. including it Albany ('ainpus l’iI/a for three

Farewell to Arms‘and I‘m sick of it!“
Chuck. the legendary

’ reading Dear Abby alotid to the birsfitl
of people waiting to l
arid hearing a barrage

against the rise of chastity belts.

its a sample 10 test. including tli
belong? ligg. Rtig. Woman, Sc\."onlyt
learn that you can‘t b‘at one of them.

lhi‘oiigli all the laughing. it ofte
scented itiilikc
vcars after we arrived here. So we w mi
about the dilemma. I was putting on iii
cat's SllNYA parking sticker one f‘a‘
afternoon. when it occtii'cd to me that

third a flock of those $3.00 labels.

seemed a perfect reference poiitt foi'sonie

tenth semester student to gauge li

protagonist who ambled home in the
rain. llie t ‘ilCllCl‘ wrote.“.lce/.cvcryone‘s
be ‘H going borne in the rain ever since ‘A
bits driver
‘ave from Draper.
of ‘boos' arid
‘yeavs‘ as Abby‘s reader spoke out for arid

infamous “Which ofthese words does not

ly that we'd graduate foiii

semesters. and ll‘llt'tl the satire words
every night. as I approached the dorms
and passed hungry spectators. “PIZZA!”
or "0H. PIZZA!" or “LOOK l’lZZA!“
; Blossoming Marv Albci'ts giving their
| astute play by play account of what is
transpiring before them. “WOW.
PIZZA!" Imagine treatingall stimtrlating
objects in the same manner: "W0W.IA
Ml7.R('l:.l)li ‘oi' “(ilil‘ﬁ llAl.'l'l{RS"oi'

 

the psychology professor who gave "'1 I [5!"

C And their suddenly. the memories. the
lines. the laughing. the people. the voices.
o the words. the school itself fades into it
future. A future which begins in only a
n few weeks on lilo or 87. and continues
fora lot longer than we can conceive iii
c this time. A future which will arrive
y whether you worry about it or not.
ll So. for it little bit longer. don‘t worry
l about what‘s ahetitl. lliink back to your
ll giant Monopolyboard.or the forintainol

is ‘_|l|sl a little longer.

your youth. Now hold that thought. for

 

 

7-0—- ~r,-.« wigs-'0‘-

t

 

 

