\

 
  

 
 
  

~ , .Jﬂ
.. w... -...a...«.w vac—«wimwmmwsmm . ,

'4'." "

 
  

 

 

 

 

 

‘ . “inn”... u“-

 

 

! was around when Jesus Christ Iiad his mo- WITCIICRAFT AND DEMONS or
mental doubt and faith, WHATS COOKING?
I made damn sure that Pilate washed his [5 there no way, in my soul's sickness
hands and “Glad his [Diet That does not lead to damnation in pride?
- The Rolling Stones — 7.8. Elliot
Commander 30b Vernon 0f the LAPD has What came first. sin or the Devil? The em-
seen evil on the hot white streets of Calilornta. bodrmenr of evil in Saran was a creation of the
NOW. Commander Bob. We assumei IS a “0‘ Catholic Church. largely as an explanation for
nonsen'Se ma"- n°l aPl ‘0 fear What he 5985 In aberrant behavior in the lace of the Almighty.
his city or to make outlandish observations. When. in At). 1000, St. Anshelm. the famed
BU! he '5 worded as he deSCrlbeS “EVIt-lence 0i Archbishop oi Canterbury. warned against
ammali "105W dogs. Who hat-’0 been Skinned succumbing to the beastial temptation lest one
311d the blOOd drained from them. WE lace the eternal brtnistone. a tradition of view-
dISCOVeYCd through tallith With the Satanic trig evil as a living, independent subversive
CUlt memherﬁ that the blood '5 DUI int” force poised for our moment of weakness took
cauldrons, mixed with LSD and then used as a moi.
drlnk during their calellmlllQ-‘l- l’il‘Jﬂ” The problem ol evil has always been a thorn
Celemonles filled With SGXUOI (h’VliIlIUH iIlKl in the Sltlt' of the Church: surely it troubles any
rites which defy imagination" religion that r-spoiises absolute good. I'liinci'

‘ the Jewish demon Satan was developed into
  the vehicle of all blasphemy In response to
sixteenth century occult practices of paganism.
Commander Bob of homicide. mm. gm” si'cri-t traditions and black magic. England
addictlon. and the various other big-(flu) pngl. lill'll‘t lllt’ Church and Elizabeth I enacted Illt’
times has come lace to face with .. Wotan“. liist provisions lor the persecution of witches.
that even he cannot comprehend. cannot rleal ““llt'Vt'd l“ I)“ “WW” “I “I” DOV”
with. There is something to the |(lt'r'l oi .ili TINN' WW“ “I‘ll” "Willi Hm“ "ll I'l‘rl'lll"
solute evil that is profoundly tcrnlying. that Y‘dmll l-W’W‘T“ (li‘ll‘J‘ll “l l:r“"“'~" ““msml "I
sticks the air from our lungs and leaves us I’VW'h‘l‘llhl Ill“ (WWn ‘I‘WPIW I’Ulhg "n “'l“""
trembling. yet than, ,5 50,...”an mm, ,..,. wise iini-wceptional pi'rson. conlcsscd under
that draws us in like moths to a flantc. and we 'lll'l'55 I” “"15"”th magma“ “I'd
llock with religious fervor to see The IAIlIi/L'tlillt' ""“’I”EIL"5 5"" W'“ *“mmmllv hel‘m‘k'd ""‘I
Harm, and Tm. 0mm burned at the stake. a testimati‘ to overkill if
However. for many the nightmare is not
celluloid btit flesh and blood and preservation.
They claim to see the signs of a supernatural
struggle for the wry ground we walk on /\s
the saying goes. there are “NO sttli‘s to t'\’t‘l|)
tory. and there are sortie who fear Illt' Prior 1‘ ""l 'tlli’lhlil llh‘ it"W‘l‘” I” lht’ DUVIL
-vl Darkness testilylng in his own dcirrnw \‘ni Ior tliiI most part. however. the crccttltists
tie is blamed for everything Irom lllt'itili‘llt t' to l-"t'il I‘IHIIV (llllmtl lht? 'hml' hUNIN’d Wars
Armageddon. His is an ancient story ,. i.,|.- between lililil and 1600, Several thousand
oi opposites — oi demon black illlll tltVlllt‘ "o'lh'ht‘". WW“ humml “MOSS WGSlCm
 plat-o whirrir ilw Il.\|Iti‘)t‘ ‘Anll'sb conservative estimate by
. .iistuie (ilass in his book Witchcraft. claims

 

nothing the Of course. there were some
«.i-iiiuis practitioners of the Black Sabbath.
wllt‘ll .is (iilli-s tlt' Rois. a Fri-rich civil servant
.ilrosiI hobbies included sexually abusing and
liiiigliti'ring t'lllltllt’li. grinding up their bones

     
 

   

xx»

{({I'IL'IJ/Ill/J‘ {7/1 ‘1/1 [ii/)[ML I I

    

   

(/9 . ' ' M
.r/// [/15 (h('(‘L)/Z(/“/’ﬁ’:"”’f./

 

      

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4

that. all tolled. some live million men and
women have been executed as witches since
recorded history.

it was not surprising then. that among the
goods settlers brought with them to the New
World was Black Magic. Unfortunately ior
them. religious tolerance proved not to be
limitless. In I692. a collective hysteria of
unknown cause swept the Massachusetts
town ol Salem and resulted in the arrest oi
more than 300 persons suspected of
witchcraft. Of the SI eventually convicted.
nineteen were hanged. three (lied in prison,
and one. Sarah Dustin. (lied in prison though
exonerated because she was unable to
provrde for her upkeep

Yet as In Mt'(l|('VrlI times. the pervastve fear

oi the l)t‘V|I worshippers was grounded in
some tact however grosst generalized to
Hit lurir- much abnormal behavior. lmmanual
Kant. the eighteenth century German
philosopher. tindi'rinttii'rl lhi- age of Reason
With his skeptic ism and ri'ii'ction(iiiihsolutes.
All we know. lil’ reasoned. is what we
experience; lmedom is "following the moral
law that speaks lroin within us," The
Satanists. rejecting the idea oi absolute good.
adopted this experiential attitude towards
reality and it endures as ii major theme to
their ritual acts.

Illt’lt‘i'tl. ('onimander lloh was quite right
.ihoiit lllt’ Mood and drugs and sex in the
mass. It is iittiiig that the modern Mecca oi
l’agiinisni should he in the tiiIi-mnt new world
of lItt‘ New World: California. site of the Tate
murderers. haven ior liedonism and human
exploitation (licoursi'. II has licen “LAecl” to
.i I 1‘] turn i-xti'nt: Ask lli'n llarris. Hollywood
I'llltl‘llt‘lll'llt ivliosc chic limitless Occult
Slioppi- pi-ildli-s everything from voodoo
iandli's to sexual aids to the little cartth
demons iroiii the valley wrth Mastercliarge.
And the UC Northridgi' litilli'titi [It‘St'rllth’illS
si-miriai on reincarnation as "a
phi-iiiiini'nolngutil approach to lllt' after
death. It cri-(lits "

Still. thi-ri' are those who sec evil and wall
for that ini'vitabli- i-aitliguaki- to send this
Ii.. lli' So loni sliding into lllt‘ sea, They claim
(I'lllrilll"zlll;’:::::ll::)t iiinii‘isglli' lilting]. (ililly that Jesus
Anni!“ “N [I i I _ i ii. tilting Los
Pl'llll't‘ﬁb lctla 1hirkri‘li‘h'lil' ’ml (Vikings- ASk “w
.shc will t'tillllllit‘ll‘u’ t’v‘llh’it'li’ ' l'h'l'wmd and
given ourselves up to Illlt'tlsllllj‘llls WU haw
and cvrl tripping \vith t i '(i) Tim. [Md
i'\ri'i‘yiuii-'.s got two choices (Tlt I‘ llll ‘I-In'mll‘
that the WWII looks grooviiir." J“. “I “m

Miilllt’llldtlun by the denizens oi the

N

The second coming come, only

Jesus didn't show up ~ Satan did

hitting Los Ange/es first the city ol
Lost Angels.

underworld or the logical end oi the W10 e
illeiiiicalSi-Xiial experience? Perhaps both
‘ , .. T I
tit ii is totiin to say. Why not go the source
for some answers? 7 V
llic Antichrist Meets James Dean
tilts tr'oithi-(I thoughts ironi thc bottom slir
;Ill' (Hi-ll It’llllill firm; ior it’ll/Ill] him Hull
'1’ trinits (ind i'oiintl
. . tiliotit firm '
HUM . nor from
()Ill’ step I
. . to more thou iron ‘ ‘
i it n . -
"Um l isi'l]. ((lll

—John Milton Prirurlisc

) . .
anZIZlZEEl35.131313?“ “I ?" °f "‘9 M
H a man ias
:12: r:lsicrjmhorpitc deeds he has commillghiihig
can!“ Heeisiusinan beings have walked this
and Balphe 0 3:31”. Beelzebub. Behemoutl‘i
Mammon gnci“. L’Cphtslophclos. Asmodeus.
breathes i'.‘ (he c'yéa‘trltianfand h; lives and
. . t 0 our 0 J
 etcrrnal and immutable squZi‘singT:
despair. e o Darkness and misery and
He is also a part ol hur
ti) swallow. perhaps. but
 Wlhether or not one sees him as the
blackersm0:15“ is certain that there exists a
adve our nature M he represents the
rsary of all that we label as 01 l
He is God's fallen ange L g I l i
told in prehistoric time
the long walk down.
Isiah as Lucifer. “the sh

Lost

nanlitnd. A tough not
an important nut Just

I. who deserted the
s and was told to take
Ironically described In
lnlng one". it is written

 
    

  
   
 
   
  
 
   
  

r

i must?! ’
 )E‘.”

cm}; The!) by lbmc olt’.

ti railing «inn tinill fl

it overtlic 

V gcrlgrrtvlll!lllClll‘tiltr 
.‘ lliUYPtt):-l'iitl‘ 'l lac“ I I

. - r’ “3' Wordsmt‘ “he-Vlad “h

r .i‘».|

  
  

 

* ‘\ nun.

    

   
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
   
    
 
 
 

  

  

w. I  ‘
hilt) \l- h,  '
.- .....'-""" \_L i/N’rzise
.w': “Hwy 5

d
ill‘.
"Ill.

 

 

 

 

 

 

H “as Satan .1: Ma

that he became so enamored with his tniage
that be challenged God lor the directorship oi
Heaven itself. organizing a rebellion of angels
against the Almighty. We are told in Revela-
tion 12 that. when the dust had cleared. fully a
third of the angelic ranks were banished to the
underworld. lorever deprived of the light and
glory of God.

And 50 he remains the Adversary with
pim‘t'ls that rival the Lord's % humans are no
match for his lyrical tongue and hypnotic eyes.
Since the alternooii when he suggested that
Eve partake in the forbidden. he has struggled
against the dicty for tlic soul of each of us and
somewhere. we are told. a great being with a
clipboard is keeping score

lie is also one oi the great liiiiiiliciippcis of
all time Literature is replete \i‘ith accounts irl
Satan offering manna in lt’llli'll ior souls
Remember his roles in "Damn Yankees” and
"The Dcvtl and Daniel \.Vclistei"" According to
an unimpeaclialilv source, Ill‘ even once lciit
his iii-mimic presence to a Father Knows Best
episode. otth to find Robert Young it more
formidable opponent than llt‘ilVl‘ll.

Ilic subject til I)! I'ltltihltiﬁ and Dante's Iri-
[i-rno. his portrayal in billions Paradise Lost.
litt\\‘t'\’L‘I is IIIU tliiist Itilt'ti'stttig .ititl trust's
some touin questions about good and evil
Miltoiis Satan is a Iillllt‘l noble character - a
grand lt'l‘t’l who would Luv t'l|'lllill toitiiic
and deprivation to .i\‘ti|tl Iltltillllitlttlll and
submission lie is gl|\t'tl human

—_—————_
Opposites exert their influence
over the material and spiritual
world. The human experience lies
somewhere in the middle.
—
characteristics. conscii-rici- and proves
himself to he .i lt'ultlt‘l . politii hill .inilcxplori'i‘.
'I’Iic antithesis ol (iod. hc iiiwi-ithirless
i'surli-s it cin‘tiipl power in l\|h inti'llccl

There is a compelling. albeit eerie. publica-
tion for such an analysis The name Devil is
derived irom the Greek Diiiliolrrs or "rebel oi
the Cosmos". In a sense he is the independent
force in the domain of an omriipiitent tyranny.
the misunderstood genius in all iil us. Marx re-
jected religion on the grounds that it creates a
leellng oi alienation in all men. lorclng one to
subordli‘iation to the Almighty. Indeed. in its
Syllabus 0/ Errors. the Church condemns not
only Satanism and pantheisin but communism
and socialism as well. (It is interesting to note
that Marx's state represses the individual with
as much energy as the Church does.)

All of this points out the fact that all social
entities. based on consensual acceptance of
certain norms. liiwi' tI‘icii Iii-Vils Consider that
the Church has its Satan \Ultlll‘ the state has
Stadition. l but :2y I ones in many limits. and so
does condemnation SulliciI it to my that
wherever there are norms then.- necessarily

will he abnormal bchavrors’ right and wrong
is a matter ol perspective '

In this sense the t'\’ll in l.os Angcles and
across llti' country is antisocial rather than
anterhrist. The Satanists are as caught tip in
theological mysticism as the Church is; lltt'
gore is for effect. Blood baths and ..riiiking
urine to startle the populace. Instead of a dark
and insidious supernatural lorco it is rebellion
and disaffection that walks the streets at night
and paws at schoolgirls.

Perhaps. the argument follows. we lose too
many people through a process of sin. guilt.
and estrangement. Historically. man has
castigated his brethren for their desires.
thoughts. and actions. often based on an ar-
ba.ary notion of right and wrong. In this man
our. people who are a bit “dillerent” are made
to feel like outcasts. estranged from the
mainstream of society ~ some simply shrug
and take it to the limit, eating acid, bleeding
animals and giving themselves up to the
greatest outcast of them all. Just as Satan lives
without God's light. so do they live apart from
society.

It is possible that We have judged Satan too
harshly. after all. we loved James Dean.
thouin we never understood him.

ONE POTATOE, TWO POTATOE or
THE BATTLE FOR EARTH

Millions of spiritual creatures Walk the earth
unseen. both when we wake and when we

sleep.

_. John Milton i

K.
"1‘ II. N

Belore theology lIlL'i'L‘ was the theory oi
dualism —~ that the univct's is a phi-nonunion
of the interniingllng of two distinct lorci's. Day
arid night. right and wrong. good and evil; op
posiles exerting their influenci- over lllt'
material and spiritual world Thi- human l’X
periencc lies somewhere in the middle We go
either way.

Some theologians charailcri/i- the struggli-
llt'l\Vl'L’ll (iooil and Iivil as some ‘iltll of cosmic
football game It goes something like this
Alli't‘ (liod banished Satan. his lirsl act was to
clear oil one til the celestial lli)tllt‘!'i. calling it
"l'.arth" It was to become the battleﬁeld of the
greatest struggle of all llltlt‘ a contest lit'l
ween night and right for man's Itt’itt'l. con
cluding in salvation or Attitrlgl‘lltltttl This kind
of reasoning tends to reduce Immunity to a
itit'git'hpittt‘ iiivi'idi'rsgami'. but. if you believe
in it. the implication is clcar' The moral decay
of our society which manilests itself partly in
lllt' form of burgeoning Satanic cults is the
work oi the Devil Unfortunately. when this
game ends. Gill and Danin aren't going to
analyze, the ttirning points It is up to us to hold
the line.

Supernatural influences aside. it is hard not
to recognize that each oi us must make certain
moral decisions every day. Most simply accept
the contradicting currents of societal interests
and the primitive instinct. Others see the con
Ilict and work to resist the demonic character,
to maintain the spirit o.‘ human dignity. Still
others refuse to embrace what they see as a
schizoid lifestyle (consider the character of
Kurtz in Apocalypse Now). They rclcct the
humanistic tradition as a deception which
leaves us unprepared to deal with the terrible
realities at life on this planet.

This idea of opposites is at the very core of
Satanic worship. Satanists merely view Ille
from the "other" perspective. seek to incor-
porate the blacker side of man into the picture.
This is rcllected in their preoccupation with
sex. Cabalistic teachings assert that man is tru-
ly complete when he is both male and female.
(Hence sexual intercourse symbolizes the
union ol the Cosmos  what a tremendous

  

' ' a
pick up line). Such androgeny is a basic part
oi lhiI Black Mass. which itsell is a travesty of
Christianity. It is .intitliirtic to the holy mass.
as this description offered by one who has
attended two such rituals illustrates.

The after urns an obscene ﬁgure of Christ
trod on iirlt-rniil gout Candles ulc’ri’ Iiliick rind
tlii' chrificc coritiiirir’tl blood and human lat.
silllﬂ‘llllllls (l IItldL' [UlHllllll lUnS “Slfd (IS ("I
Hill". with the mass cclcliratecl on her stomach
or ill" buttocks. All cr.‘lcbrnting were nude cx-
ci'pt ior cnssocks adorned with Satanic sym-

.lirils At the height of the ceremony. on tili‘

liri‘rllcd sexual orgy coirimeiiced.

(.‘iiiiimander Bob would have a hard time
iii-tiling with that.

Yet. as the observer pointed out. it is hard
to say where belief in Luciler ended and sheer
lust began, Ol course. sheer lust is itself the
work of the devil. is it not? The problem is that
disaffection and alienation from society and its
mores cuases varying degrees at antisocial
behavior. Society creates outcasts as surely as
the Almighty judged Luciicr. Thus. with the
concept of right and wrong too subjective to
rely on. attempting to assign causes at such
behavior proves lrultlcss. To be sure.
however. it is the result of many causes.

Many of these causes comprise our picture
oi Satan. who we have seen to show many
faces. He may be considered as the great ex—
lstcntial hero. as a cosmic rebel without a
cause taking up the gauntlet against any
Establishment. Or his eyes may be the clouded
eyes of the disenchanted, the oppressed. and
the cast out. The Satanists have rejected the
society which deprives them of acceptance.
committing outrageous acts to affront the col—
lective morality and satisfy personal desires.

Of course. he could be uh, you know. IT.
You never know when your'roomle is going to
start talking to you in an extinct Slavic tongue
or your Poll Sci TA is going to spit pea soup at
you. To be honest. however. If there really is a
cunning. omnipresent and lecherous evil. I
seriously doubt that he would be so overt. He
would be at work, right now. in our very souls.
slowly. insidioust manipulating . '

 

gimp-‘-

. . .'~..i4-d.ti.r

- " Hiya“. _ ...a_.2_ -.-.

. J’r:

.-~'u—)Wlkl ~'

Ac...

 

 

