  
 

 

 

w.......‘:.~__.N:.‘L use...) i -wmwc . -_ i _..- u . -.... ...... m...

  
  

         
  

_ \

 

Page 40 _

academic forgery. At first. your signam‘re
look worrisomer crude and obv'louj
however, you have mastered the pedagog‘an'
scrawl. complete with swirling 1'5 and
underscoring y's. As a matter at iam‘ Wm]
each successive fake, your confidence 9.0%.
You have regained your sense of instrumen,

 

mwmmubook.... . . . . . . ,, . . .'

stem

€23: ..;’i

Aswan.-

..t.-...

 

   

'.'Io.vv.ut.v.-.1»'"M" .,......r....iA4--

You are trembling; sweat pours from your '
hands like blood from a wound. collecting in

   

The Russians.  Here'-

'I'no American 5““) "In our country,

 

'of a lady squatting down behind an acre or so
of class cards. You need a signature. You

need an advisor. You want a rifle.

gym clock tells you that in exactly fifteen
minutes SUNYA's add-drop days will
_mysteriously end. At that point you will be
locked into 18 credits of 500 level calculus and
physics. (You always get too damn ambitious
during pre-registration).

Vlsibly leaning on the Student Directory
table (remember the Student Directory?), you
quickly inventory the problem. You absolutely
must have no fewer than five closed section
cards. two departmental permission slips and
at least five other copies of your advisor‘s Han-
jcock. Without them. you're sure to be blown
away by the leering housewife who was sud-
denly given command of all the arts and
sciences.

I With a thick buzzing sound the quaalude
‘hits. You curse youself for not waiting until
‘after registration for drugs. The knees are the
first to surrender, followed quickly by the back
and neck. You drape yourself like an amoeba
around the corner of the table and attempt to
look cool as your brain panics.

Paralyzation. All seems hopeless, and you
try not to think about breaking the news to

Mom about law school. You doubt that you

will leave the gym alive -- visions of being

found crushed by a bank of bleachers.

Then. In a merciful instant. it hits you. The

Hot Licks And Rhetoric

 

Dark befell the great granite city and as the
Keeper who sees fit to seperate day from night
at the arbitrary and mysterious hour of mid-

 

drinking and dining emporium fraught with
questions and smelling of the rancor of
cigarette smoke. Their stay at the hangout ou
sleaze had been cut cruelly short by a rude
sycophant who had dried vomit on his lapel
and told Fatty Arbuckle Jokes.
“Please tell me", Flo asked Eb, “What does
a champagne bottle have to do with sodomy?"
Eb winced. “it's an inside Hollywood joke", i

Mum

 

A quick glance beyond the backboard at the

 . lan inky puddle on the drop-add card. You've ' '
i , Just had the blue form thrust back into your
 lblank face by a rotund, red-faced bureaucrat~

'

wwww canp '

C  w vow paint
it) ‘- l . :

    
       

  

.
EMIC CALENDAR FOR ADD/DROP
CONSULI ACAD

 
  

.../'
T

one way out of this administrative nightmare.
New direction helps you compose yourself,
and you casually stroll towards the "pick-up
packets" desk. Like thousands of desperate
SUNYAns before you. you are about to com-
mit a crime.

Arriving at the near deserted desk, your
eyes immediately search out and lock onto the

he said evasively.

Eb and Flo made for as an attractive couple

as brother and sister could be. They dared not
night. our heroes, Eb and Flo emerged from a tell their mother where they had been. for

'mumsy". as they called her. was a strict and

domineering woman from Connecticut whose

idea of decadence was smoking imported

cigarettes and listening to "colored" music.
Hurrying, Eb and Flo took the "A" train to

what they believed was home, and found

themselves surrounded by dilapidated apart-
ment buildings and black faces that stared at

hem with contempt.

 

Rough, yet firm... and oh so round. Yes.
round. And warm. Rich, dark swellings pro-
truding from the surface. Big and bulging and
just waiting to be chewed. l raised it to my lips,
and smiled; the sweet aroma greeting my
sinus cavity. passing up through my nostrils.
and continuing, whispering warm. wonderful
wishes to the farthest comers of my brain. 1
placed it in my mouth, andsucked.soaking up
the honeyed Juices which tltilated each and

 

 

 

 

every oral nerve over and over until i lust
couldn’t take it any longer. Crunch!!! Delicious
fragments of sugary dough disintegrating into
even finer pieces; mixing with tepid saliva.
Swishlng that now semi-solid substance in
repeated revolutions to every nook of my
muzzle; keeping certain not to let too much
concentrate on one set of molars. Yes. equal
share for all teeth. That’s the name of the
game. Satisfaction...sensuai relief.

My fetish for the damn things goes back
much further than i can recall. Although l've
been a connoisseur of chocolate chip cookies
for years. only recently has it become quite
discerning.

With the exception of Freiho‘fer's old
fashioned upstate wonders. I stopped buying
boxed cookies three years ago when i noticed
an alarming increase in the number of inferior
brands. The decrease in cookie nobility is an
Obvious comment on the present economy,

 

’lhc Chip Tycoons are cheating on size and
quality to maintain higher prices.

Now, the exorbitant (tints of fuel. iiisurtint‘u,
and luiitit’u is ()fit‘ thing. but when thv capitalist
lliliiéiit‘f‘i ‘ilvii'l poliriigt around with i:litJt.trlrtit‘J

 

in“. Umkito, llt |,'rr- triuriliiiu till colt iiirttiltil

      

‘ ,v couldn't llJ’l,‘ in! l: or. ;. ilrtllt chips?

It's-anun-v __..._.

l became suddenly aware of the disaster
when recently subjecting some cookies to a
personal. yet rigorous international rating
sustem (PRIS, pat. pend.) which iudges the
wafers on a scale of 1-100 on characteristics
such as tensile strength, quality of chocolate.
appearance. and taste.

The first PRlS test ls size. The cookies must
be somewhere between wimpy and malig-
nant. A good illustration of a wimpy biscuit is
your average, every day. mom's, Americar
packaged goodle such as Chips- and Mrs.
Malignant cookies tend to take up an entire
shelf at the bakery and usually can-
not be llfted by the average eater. (See The
Cookie That Ate Tokyo). The largest cookie
i've ever attempted to consume was 14 inches
in diameter and it tasted like silly putty because
the middle couldn't be well cooked.

The quality and amount of chocolate is of
the utmost importance in cookie making. Only
high quality sweet types. preferably Danish
cl'iocolnte, should he used; the chips broken
into roughly equal size

 

l . 25:33”: ‘rt;.;,,;trr_r;t»,s...aa «\- ~»~»~-

/\ key sign of the cxt optional t-ooltn- is when llltl‘uf past few prirar I i )l i - W' “I'll/l

it retains its pliarrcy twenty four horns after it towards future roolrfl  5l W" M (l 'lllllllml“.

imvr‘rs iln' oven lt tr. l’libl'lllltll that the (hip. “(Inwmmq mm (1“!  t in: utitnr limqruw ii

rirnnniatv tln- liiiiit‘i when devouring tlu: pro- to form'i- Iln: lini' riilptfltlfcfd.‘ ,lflw lll'l'll'l ﬁlm l'
. ' - iti , - , '

din r  u_u   _ h sin/n lii'vtli flour in tho r ooluo of'ihf: (fili.i,ll;ll[l,lll(l,u,

“----—~_.;..._';..w., » .. m’

m BEND)
DEADLINES

Ml
nuctows usE ONLV

ital
wwaﬂ%—‘

'uriomauo. 
’ongipwtri E! “v VIM?

"xi 75L
i94—lr—

mt
IEIMI smut!“
suwﬁ“ D L
. .
I n
or ice U5 “0 W‘me

’ mm“ D
I
l 'l

sznAL 5' O
m

     
 

qr, ,

    

.cv

    
 
 
 
   
 

    

pile of beautiful pink closed section cards. You
look around. decide the coast is clear. With
the deft movements of a safecracker, you
snatch up a handful of cards and walk away.
Departmental permission slips and another
add-drop form are acquired in this manner.
Ensconsing yourself in a dark corner of the
fiz ed building. you enter the world of

ED And Flo Meet Bessie Smith

"Windmillsl" Intoned Eb quixotically as he
pointed at one particularly run-down tene-
ment house.

“They‘re apartments. you fool". Flo
reminded him. At that point, Eb uprooted the
nearest green stopsign and challenged the ad-
iacent parking meter to a Joust.

"Vandals!" Eb cried with a mixture of de-
fiance and disgust.

"Visigothsl", Flo answered in equal disgust.

in response to Eb's bizarre behavior. Flo
checked under his eyelids and inquired as to
what he had eaten for dinner.

Bicharsijehar

In Quest OI! chips

Green cookies on St. Patrick's Day and
orange monsters on Halloween just never
seemed to turn me on and l shudder with
disgust at the sight of rectangular cookie bars.
l‘ve remained a traditionalist and strongly
disapprove of smut peddlers who sell cookies
in human form (usually spotted in campus
centers and parking lots wearing trenchcoats
and sunglasses).

Milk may be a natural but my new cookie
companion ls champagne. Once an avid lover
of the white sauce, I've grown tired of its
stickiness. Champagne. however. is the
perfect palate cleanser, allowing each bite a
rare distinctness. And nothing. absolutely
Pothing. can surpass its unique. bubbling ef-
ect.

The best chocolate chip cookie l've ever had
the pleasure of eating was baked by my late
grandmother in 1977. Since it was slightly
undersized and i had to eat two before i was
fully satisfied. i gave her a pleasing 94.2.

Which reminds me of the worst cookie
Wl‘lCh W35 bouE‘lht from a vending machine id
Troy, New York in 1976. it scored an all-time
low of 7.0 -- harmful to most life forms. The '
damn thing violated every standard of cookie
excellence established at the Geneva Convcn- l

tion and left me spelling "relief" backwards ltl
stunk. ' '

I ,
lin unhappy to conclude that the future of'

the chocolate chip cookie appears lilt‘rik lt'sl
decline In quality is sivnitrnnatic of the decline
of Wiftjlt'tii civilization, if for nothing of

 

   

—-hI-I~d~suihihll no. '

tallty amidst the dehumanizing honors oi
registration.

50 it is not without a definate swagger to
your steps that you stride down the baseline
towards the grinning fat lady. As the bogus
cards are handed over, there is a certain
unease. but this passes as the dissappointmem
registers on the woman's face. She has lost
this one. and she know it. As the clock creeps
towards the Witching hour of four o'clock, you
affix a new sticker to your crumpled ID card,
and head for the sanctum of your bong.

You have learned a valuable lesson,
Recognizing that bureaucracy is evil and clue]
and must be dealt with harshly will be the most
useful axiom gained in four years at this in»
stltutlon. You have proven that you can treat
water in the sea of paperwork that will
threaten to innundate you for the rest of youi
adult life.

Provide a grinning fat lady with something
to play with and she will gladly send you on
your way. it does not matter that the
signatures are not real. The system is too big
for second looks. Besides. for the fat lady. a
complete set of phonics is more comforting
than a legitimate omission.

But there is no time to dwell on the day's
victory. There are more worlds to in: mn-
quered: next month brings with it the di’gtw

application. —
Bob O’Brian

 

"i just had a tab". he reassured her and iltuii
began to curse the parking meter in iiuizni
Latin.

 

 

Eb thrusted the stop sign almost gracwiuily
into the window of the parking meter itlitl
retrieved his octoganel lance leaving glass par
ticles all over the sidewalk.

"Don't follow liters!" admonished iii. a
long-time opponent ofthe metric system l'lo'»
disgust atrophled and she walked to a nvaiby
saloon from which emanated Bessie Smith
and a pail of marijuana smoke. Hours prmwi
stealthily.

When the child of morning, rosey fingered
Dawn appeared, she found Eb still standing.
ready to do battle with his imaginary nemesis

Eb looked at Dawn. "Truly this man is the
son of a bitch," he accused. But as chivalry in
this day and age is known to be dead. or at
least comatose. eVen so was the parking matct
-» and Eb finally abandoned his honorable
endeavor. Soon after. Flo approached the
scene looking tired and beaten after a night of
vocal men and muted trumpets.

Flo's countenance was thoughtful. "f3b".l
she inquired. "What does that woman mean
when she sings. ‘l need a hot dog in my roll'?"

Eb, who had maintained lust enough of his'
wherewithal to save his sister from the
debauchery that was Harlem, answered.

"lt'sjust a figure of speech. You know these
colored people."

Just then an old black woman ambled
towards them wearing placards on her front
and back denouncing sin, greed. and
sodomy.

Flo was puzzled, "Why would anyone care
about sodomy at this time of morning?" she
asked.

"i dunno" said Eb whose face Cnritoiii’il

   
  

with a smile as crooked as the fire escapr- inst
twenty yards away. "Let's go get get a bottle of
bubbly."

r

 

 

 

mplﬂo 'I'O IIIIOW SI].

people IS to IIIIO'
the Ilatlon. 'I'IIIC IS
VII, '0 are IIOI'Oo”

——
"Things are more like they are now than they
ever were before."

Dwight David Eisenhower

There are seven Soviet students at SUNYA.
learning different shades of different languages
so that they can be proficient interpretors back
in Russia. interpreting is traditionally a man's
Job in the Soviet Union. it Is a hard job accor-
ding to the advisor of the group. The advisor is
a woman. “You must travel an awful lot. and
your work day will last as long as your guest
wants. You do not belong to yourself."

Robert Blau

 

Her name is Ms. Kulakove. She lives in a
dorm on Dutch quad. in a room with white
walls. a bed. venetian blinds. and a jumbo
T.V. She is tough looking but attractive with
her thick red hair. Flashing her teeth and flex-
ing her crow footed eyes. she states "We think
advanced students should have the privilege
to go to an English speaking country." The
students. she explains. "come from quite or-
dinary families. No poets. no composers
among them - no big shots. Their parents are
engineers. doctors. etc."

Glancing around the sparse room. forcing
an amiable but homesick smile. she says. "We
find the accomodalions quite satisfactory. it Is
like a hotel. Albany is a very attractive place.
but you know. it is not Moscow..."

Playtime before dinnertime in an uptown
lounge. A creaky wooden T.V., nailed to the
floor. and chained to the stairwell. sucks in the
signals weakly, hissing above all the other
sounds in the room. Three lounge people are
laughing it down in a different tongue. The
four o'clock time slot to settle the stomach like
a glass of warm milk.

A fourth. an American, walks in on the
throaty bellows and snickering. He sits besides
them. A sudden hesitation kinks inside his
head. He is the stranger at this party. Still. he
blurts out his first question. "How do you like
the U.S.?" it comes out awkward and abrupt,
Long Pause.

"We didn't know anything about the
American people. To know the people is to
know the nation. That is why we are here."
Anatoli said this clearly and crisply. His round
and moustached face struggling ever so slight-
ly to enunciate the words. He looked like
Robert Goulet. only a smaller, more puffed up
version.

Anatoli continued as he casually stared at
the TV. "We see our relationship with the
US. as that of a trade partner. Of course,
when some of your Senators..Jackson...tried
to intrude political conditions on purely
economic trade agreements. we did not like
this." The others nodded their heads in ap-
proval and said. "Ahh, Jackson. We do not
like him."

"What kind of music do you listen to?" in-
quired the fourth.

"The Beatles arc the basis". Anatoli ex-
plains. He also mentions the Rolling Stones,
Carlos Santana, iiiton John and the Bee
Gees. lvan, who is skinny and blonde. and
looks about sixteen dragging on his Russian
smokes adds. "I personally favor the British
groups. The nature of their music is somewhat
closer to ini‘."

"And what does your government think
about this kind of music?", the inquisitor asks.
Slightly irritated, lvan responds, "Tell me].
how does your government like this music?

"What about those American concerts that
were canctlllutl in Moscow?". the American
pursues. l l b ut this"

“ r ’) e (llt not (now a o I ..
Arialfrtllllllzitpllli/ins still absorber] in the EV
"Probably it was canceller because of ‘
Tickets are very cheap
1 a lot of

screen.
financial problems.
usually, but American groups wan
money."

__,___

 

 

 

 

"What do you think about Solzhenitsyn?,"
the American fires.

Mikhal. who has been quiet till now, begins
cool and coy. "Here is a man who intentional-
ly cisrorts the facts of our history. Any many
people believe him because he is 50....50.
earnest. Furthermore. no one would read his
books in the Soviet Union."

"Can't you express your opinion freely? i
mean Solzhenitsyn was put away for express-
ing his."

Chorus: "When was this?"

Chorus: “What do you mean opinion?"

"it is really quite simple", Mikhal says.

'\  .i...i\. ~, a rm

vi a

-\.

 

“Everybody can publicize his opinion If he has
a strong foundation. if you've got an opinion.
it must be well grounded. Nobody would walk
around with a poster condemning Brezhnev.
Nobody has reason to do anything like this."

The three contend that there is no problem
with leaving the country -— unless during the
time of your military service, because you
would be exposed to sensitive military infor-
mation. lvan elaborates:

"To leave the country you must file an ap-
plication. This application can be delayed at
different levels of the bureaucracy. I know of
such a Ease. my friend told m

 

“We have everything

you have in your countryo

Except two things. . .
whorehouses and

(«a ‘0'30 0 o
and aloe slums.”

' mental labor."

corruption on tno
whole nos mn '

eliminated”
woman sent a letter to Pravda comp aining

about the delay of her request to emigrate.
She left the country two weeks after it was
published."

"Do you have anymore questions°" asked
Mikhal truimphantly.

"One more" responded the American.
"What about the presence of Soviet troops in
Cuba”

Anatoli: "We haven't seen them.”

Mikhal: “Oh, yes, Soviet troops. we saw it
here on your T.V."

Anatoli: "There are troops in Albany also. i
suppose?"

Heavy laughter and looks that say "C'mon
don't give us anymore shit about Soviet troops
or Soviet imperialism."

"in our country. corruption on the whole
has been eliminated". Mikhal states.

it is really quite simple. The worker is paid
for the quality as well as the quantity of his
product. Of course. government leaders are
paid more. They work more. Factory workers
on the other hand. are compensated for doing

Anatoli continues. "We have everything
you have in your country. Except two
things... Whorehouscs and Coca Cola... and
also slums. We only have national
monuments that nobody would dare take
down."

Mikhal leaves the lounge and returns after a
few moments with a back pocket copy of the
Soviet Constitution. He shows the crisp copy
to the American. who exclaims. "Yeah. we

 

 

also have a beautiful constitution. Sounds real

 

good."

“Ahh. But thisconstltutionrnouths Mikhal.
"is not only beautiful. it is true!"

There is silence. All heads turn to the
Pampers commercial, it is their favorite com-
merlcal.

l went to see Anatoli, Mikhal and lvan the
other day. We played ping pong. We chased
after loose balls for eachother and talked about
American girls and Soviet girls and politics and
getting drunk. And how Americans believed in
business instead of god. and in money and ex~
pansion.

The Soviets, well they fuck-up also. A bad
wheat crop... That was the extent of their
criticism. Kind of like their approach to Stalin.
the purges “being necessary to purify the
population. But you know, no women or
children were taken, only mepﬂ'

i guess Americans had some pretty taut
representatives at one time and maybe there
are still a few around. But the Russians. these
Russians, anyhow. are patriots, and a true
Russian. as their advisor put it, is not happy
outside of Russia. And so they don’t really like
the name Baryshnikov or Gudonov or
Sakarov, and they don't print books by Alex—
ander Solzhenitsyn because it would be "a
waste of good paper." They don't hear of a

.volume entitled 1984 and will never quite}

understand why hundreds of thousands of
Jews rally each year for the prisoners of cons—
cience.

They sound at times like eager young
socialists working the lRT line in New York.
Their dedication is more analytical. more
natural than the bright eyed born agains going
steady with Marx or God. Gung ho all the
way, these Soviets. Maybe they'll even cry
when Brezhnev dies or is assasinated or
something.

For now. we're both still In the ongoing
superbowl of international politics. and so asl
look over my shoulder for KGB agents on the
podium, and as i check my phone. i have to
thank Richard Nixon for biting Kruschev's ass
and for embracing Leonid. And thanks to
John Wayne and Barry Goldwater and the
New York Times. Even Joe McCarthy and the
Hell‘s Angels. thank you, And thanks Wendy,
for going camping in the mountains of New
England and feeling patriotic for the first

 

time... -

 

 

 

 

