 

 

 

 

 

  

as).

$3565
'9“ sh
as?“

'_ one weaken:

- is't'l'le
eff: r
45‘ i 3%

/.
2.: \
Center

 

 

 

Campus

 

 

T.W. Crickett
Guitar & Vocals

T.W. Cricket James Seymore

uitar and Vocals

Tom Morello
Bass and Vocals

E Company

(a the but of blue gnu. country, blue: and pIpul-r music

ACOMPLEI'ELINE ASELECI‘ION orrmewmrs
or YOUR FAVORITE DISPENSED FROM OUR
MIXED DRINKS DECORATIVE WINE BARRELs
ALL YOUR POPULAR BRANDS 0F BEER AND ALE
0N TAP PLUS A FULL LINE
OF IMPORTED BUITLED BEERS
AND
NEW YORK STYLE HOT BUTI'ER FLAVORED 
son PREIZELS POP CORN 0N ROLL
2a 20 a 40' 90'

on this tneekenh at the ﬁlth

,Ifribay anti ﬁaturbay, QBctnher 5 anti 6

6 p.m. — 1:30 am.

iliiiiurriiitu Auxiliary Brruirra ﬁpuuaurzb

IIK uNitSiiniImNN

ARTISTICALLY

INCLINED?

Club Searching For
Innovative

Poster Design and Slogan

 

WILL PAY CASH"

Deadline Fri. Oct 12

Carol
Erln

[70$

For details call:

Mercedes 7-8704

7-3002
7-3094

sa funded

:A‘Eemzl 't!(')~

   

AI'a

“l've got a piece of the action. you know
what I mean? A’rock show is the most vibrant
or vivacious of all the arts. It's instant art. It on-
ly happens once and then It's gone. It s not like
l'm gonna be punchan a clock for $150 a
week for the rest of my life. And It's not like a
painting which you can sit an look at over and
over to evaluate . or criticize. it's there and
then, Boom -- It's one. I'm roud ofm Ob.

Cliff Sloan

Johansen came prancing Into the Quality
Inn bar, clothed In black leather. carrying a
large portable tape player on his shoulder.
Popping to Its blaring beat. his walk was proud
and he took no notice of the conservative
white collar eyes that instantly darted in his
direction. He carries an air of soulful. uncom-
promising pride. like the black roller skaters in
Washington Square Park. Yet despite his Im-
posing “I wouldn't fuck with him in a dark

 

 

,.,., '1 '.

 

David JohanSen:

h'n'

Chicago's thirteenth album imaginatively.
titled Chicago 13 will lead some fans to cry'
out, “There they go. another group sold out to
disco!“ This is not the case. Although the
album contains two songs with a disco beat.
the rest of the album contains the usual blend
of styles and sounds which make up Chicago.
it's been said that Chicago has found a new
style with this record. but i think it's more a
case of losing their old style than finding a new
one.

Craig Zarider

Like most new albums. you must listen to
this record a few times before you really like it.
Although this album has no classic Jazz-rock. it
has merit and Is pleasant enough. Chicago has

 

their Jazzy horns. and come out with a very
original sound. ldonot agree with the criticism
of Chicago that says they are guilty of being
repetitive. Certainly each song on this album Is
very unlike any of their songs from the past.
But whether their change is for the better is
another story.

This is the first Chicago album in which
every member of the eight piece band is
credited with composing a song. The album
opens with drummer Danny Seruphine's nine-
mlnute disco song. “Street Player". The drum~
ining on this song is suprislngly unlmaginatvle
and machine-like. especially for an excellent
drummer like Seraphlne. but then again. this
is a disco number. The heavy percussion on
this number is reminiscent of the percussion
finale of "Beginnings". The lyric of the song
reads. “l'in a street player-I've seen it all~

 

 

Hltmen. thelves. and many a brawl-But as you

 

  

  

"I've dedicated my

a great capacity to take any style of music. add .

 

 

alley" appearance. Johansen refers to himself
as "the typical hyper kid from New York City
(Staten island tO be exact). Always in trouble
for some reason or another. Other parents
used to ban their kids from me. I ran away
from home and hung out in Times Square and
the Village."

David's music is urbane in nature, bearing
titles like “Lonely Tenement" or "Big City". "if
you go out there." Johansen said. Just return-
Ing from a tour of the mid—west, "You‘ll find
that most places where they hold rock shows
In the city. it's not like they Just convert a barn
and say “Hey. let's have a rock show." He
refers to his mid-west gigs as “bread n' butter
towns. The kids go nuts In. say. The Bottem
Line (N.Y.C.). but they go ten times nutsler in
Cleveland or Clnctnatti. in NY. people are
more Inhibited. They always think someone's
lookin' at them. But out there, they Just don't
give a shit. What can I say? We always give
killer shows wherever we are. if you dig killer

.ﬂf

whole life to rack

can see l still stand tall." This song of hard
times and growing up in the street is
believable. considering the recent scandal
which alleged to have linked Seraphlne with
the mob.

Donnie Dacus' song ls "Must Have Been
Crazy". a fine rocker with a funky. southern
feel. and no horns Dacus. although not as
outstanding a musician as the late Terry Kath
was. is a great performer and also adds a
dimension to the popularity of the group as a
sex symbol and movie star. (“HAIR”) On two
songs. “Window Dreamin'" and “Aloha
Mama." the lead vocal ls creditied to a PC.
Moblee. who has a perfect voice for the group.
He sounds like Peter Cetera. Robert Lamm,
and Terry Kath all rolled into one. in "Aloha
Mama". the horns take a slightly more active
part than in the other songs where they are
Just background fillers.
The horns open with a dlxieland. Jerky tune.
but unfortunately. it's Just not.like the "old
days" (to coin a phrase). when the horns of
Chicago would often carry the melody 0f H
song. Chicago seems to have a thing for
'mama': this album contains “Aloha Mama".
“Mama Take" along with Chicago X's “Mama
Mama".

Chicago's most recent albums are very Lllf-
ferent from their old albums. The difference Is
that they seem much more commerlcnl. with
more "pop" music. Four of Chicago's first
seven albums are double albums. and another
is a four-record live set. In Chicago Vll, it is
not until the last Song on side two that there Is
even a song with lyrics. In Comparison.
Chicago's last two albums seem like mere col~
lections Of singles. each with ten Individual
songs with simpler. pop lyrics. Apparently. ai~

‘ .
h .'

 

":1 n and.

C

it. '_A' m— . .rr- ..

 

Eage.9a'.‘. .'.‘. . . , . . . 

shows. then you go nuts.

Last Friday night, when Johansen hit the
stage at‘J.B. Scott's, the place went nuts.
Opening with “Cool Metro". a rocker from
David Johansen (his first solo record) he tm~
mediatley brought the crowd to their feet:
sweating, running. Jumping Into the audience.
and flaunting his thin. sensual physique. But
as the title of his newest release suggests.
Johansen carried the show In Style.
Charlsmatlcally. he slowed the feverish pace
with songs like “Flamingo Road". a softer

V ballad with a “money vs. the soul" message
‘ and “Swahetto Woman". a dancing number
"about people who are oppressed that Just

wanna dance. In Johannesberg. South Africa.
' the natives are controlled by the Dutch Refor~
mist Church. They’re only aIIOWed In certain
parts of town and they have to carry l.D. say-
ng what and where they're allowed to do.
They have to report to a place called Swahet-
to. “Swahetto Woman" Is a song about a girl
" here. i could never go there myself. I'd get
bustedl l'd start yellin' and screamln'. They'd
ock me up In a second. I can't take that kind
fstuff". he threw his eyes to the ceiling. smil-

ng and sipping his Heineken at the same time.
i

  
  
    
   
 
   
   
 
  
    
   
 
   
  
 
 
    
   
   
   
   
     
 
   
   
   
 
   
  

‘ David Johansen. although a confirmed rock
51' roller (“I've dedicated my whole life to
ck"). displays a large degree Of Motownish
' iii in both his stage performance and studio
cordings. Friday night's perfortnance includ-
- "Reach Out. l'll Be There". by the Four
pps, and "Sock it To Me Baby." by Mitch
. der and the Detroit Wheels.
“3;”! don't follow any particular style of
"ingwritlng or try to cater to anyone. If I like
i I e song. l'll play it. All my stuff is
"mgytoblographlcal. i mean that's all an album
'n do for someone is represent a piece of
l'eir life."
ﬁllDavld. however. prefers to keep his per-
. U I
a ' lind Bidding Blues:

u
r
I

if. like most regular movie-goers. you've
found yourself paying three or four dollars to
see a heavily-hyped film that turned out to be
a turkey, you may have been the victim of a
“7*
' 5

“Tim Dixon

Tat

.gmiovie Industry practice known as blind bid~
‘tiﬂing. The practice ls still largely unknown to

  

Sound arid Vhlon

, vid Johansen

sonai likes and dislikes to himself. "i don’t like
talkin' about who i screw or what i get high on.
When I was In the NY. Dolls (a definitive
N.Y.C. street band which gave birth to
Johansen's cult following). i might strangle
you or Jump up and down on your chest while
doing this Interview Just to get my point across.
But things are different now. if you tell the
press everything. you've got nothing left for
yourself. How would you like sticking your fist
In once in a while?"

Johansen's stage performance. coupled
with his own unique brand of white soul has
consistently lead the press tO compare him
with Mick Jagger. "Jagger's real fruity and
decadant. Just because you‘re white, and
you've got soul. you get compared to Mick
Jagger. That's bullshit! Mitch Ryder had soul
also. My approach is real macho and positive.
Jagger's fruity, i mean i don't know what he
does at night. it's the Journalists who can't
describe things as they really are. so they com-
pare you to someone else. They shouldn't be
Journalists If they don't have the vocabulary."

“Real macho and positive" hasn't always
been Johansen's approach to music. As lead
vocalist Of the NY. Dolls. David appeared on
stage in ambisexual costumes and a loud.
‘challenging sound (1973-4). The Dolls were
daring to be different and proud of that dif-
ference.

“All kinds of people used to come see us.
There were all these disaffected people who
didn't lmow there were others like them. a
whole new generation of nlghthawks sprung
up around us". The Dolls thrived in N.Y.C. in
clubs like Max's Kansas City and CBGB's. But
as the title of the last Dolls album (1974) sug»
gests. they were “Much Too Soon". The
American public had Just began to accept guys
wearing their hair like women, but dressing
like women was a bit too much. This leads
many Johansen followers. not excluding this

 

 

 

writer to think that Johansen was merely
ahead of his time. The decline of the Dolls
lead David to form a band called the Dollettes
with Syl Sylvain. ex-keyboard for the Dolls.
“We were doing gigs where we didn't have to
travel too far". and although most thought that
David was fading Into obscurity. “l was making
more than I am now. We would pack-out
Clty (N.Y.l. Toronto. Boston. places like that.
We would go on the road for a while and then
take a couple of months Off; become
domesticated. We weren't putting any money
back Into it. so it was all ours to keep.
Johansen returned to the stuio .n 1978 to em-
bark on his now expanding solo career.

On this note. we took our leave from the
Quality lnn bar and headed over to David's
travelling bus. He laid back In his seat. sucking
on a Lucky Strike. weary from travel and
various press engagements.

"O.K. David." i asked. “Its a typical Friday
or Saturday night In NY. Where do you like

ﬁght I!

theater owners are trying to change that.
Blind bidding Is a fairly common movie in-
dustry practice. Theater owners must bid for
Hollywood films. and the highest bidder gets
the rights. However. exhibitors frequently are
not permitted to see the film they are bidding
on. even though they will have to put up a
large amount of front money. and will have to
sign guarantees. forcing them to show a film
for a minimum length of time, whether It Is

 

 
   
 

i'actlve record jackets are a sign of rommericnl
.' success. because llll' it'miil 5l(’('\'t' of Chicago
 13 has photos of the night musicians dri'ssr'il

 

.is If they Just sit-Hind Hill of ii commi'i'iml for
ilw “Utlim l\'tu\'i'itrts"

l haw Alum“. lot. .I tiomlnmist .limmv
l'uiiltmv'» t'tillliitl‘iillt'li i. .nul lilN “ltiiu Away".
the last song on lllt' album I un- Inw tlllt' li llil‘.

'- «i git-tit Inuit illltl .i li‘l'l ‘Itlitltit in llliil til "()lrl
flow." 'llli' lilliii‘i llll‘lltl i:: la .iilllltlll‘,‘ m [liI-.
‘IJillIIthh -;i»iii| .Il'i‘llf .ii w (inn lllt'. \'.l)l| fl is
llit' ltiiiil oi llli' i hit. it- run-p ‘u'i‘llii lil lw
li'ritlmg Whpiil rm I ha w» .it .‘\illii‘tltlt t tliti

 

summer. there were no more anti-war songs.
'l'llt'V have established their high position In
popular music and with all twelve of their past
albums having gone platinum. they htn/LI
l'nllt'li in sing and play and by hnppy about It

would by llli't‘ if ('liti'ngn put Ulll .i lliillllll’
.ilbmii \t'llll iiiort- lV-nnitilul lr|.'.'I|Itll. Illiilt‘
"lullt'tn liil tilllu m liiit lmimii." .iinl liltilt' till
.i||l|I.lll\'i' lli‘lii illliliii. illlllll‘v. I‘l lliil- '\.'l||‘-.
lui: i luimio lim. i'li.iiivi.‘il Willi lllt' llfllt": .llitl
illi'it lit'\l‘ .illunun ‘li' h i Ill.» \“lll l i u]: lll'illlli‘

‘ulll‘ili'il U“-

tlllfi

making money or not.

Producers Justify the practice by saying that
In the extremely competitive film Industry.
they must have early guarantees. forcing them
to have signed contracts often before the film
in question Is even out of production. Theater
owners disagree.

"it's a business practice no other business In
the country is subjected to." says Tom Har-
rlgan. District Manager for United Artists. “We
as exhibitors are business people deciding
what films should play. but the decision is real-
ly being taken out of our hands."

With only a synopsis of the plot and a list of
credits. exhibitors feel they have little on which
to base decisions they must be committed to.
Harrlgan explained in an interview. This. he
feels hurts not only the theater owner, who Is
taking the major business risk. (the producers
have already been paid) but also affects the
moviegoer. who cannot be assured of the
quality of the film he-she is paying to see.

“We're most definitely concerned about
what the practice is doing to the quality’of pro-
duct we can offer to our patrons." says Har-
rlgan.

Hariigan cited The Warriors. a recent Para-
mount release heavily criticized for its violent
content as an example of a film that “the
public turned thumbs down on." and one that
local exhibitors might now have shown if they
had been allowed to screen it first.

' Blind bidding. currently illegal in a handful
of states Is now becoming controversial In New
W , .

     
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
  

 

to hang out?"

"i hang out In bed". he smiled. “I don’t llk(
going out on the weekends. its too crowded.
Maybe on a Monday or Tuesday I'll go down
to the Village and check out what's happen-
Ing. But I'll go anywhere. it depends on my
feelings. That's what all my songs are about -v.
different moods or things that i feel."

Johansen's listeners relate to his lyrics and'
that's what makes everything click. There arel
times when we're all "Uri-ckless Crazy". or
have a “Pain in My Hea' i". or feel "Funky But
Chic". "That's when: its at". said Johansen.
“that's what makes ii an art. I don't want to get
too personal about what went on with girls or
drugs. For all I know. National Geographic
could quote your paper and that's II n the
words out. i said it."

“Well. David." I contested." if I were rapp-
ing to someone i really dug. I think l'd spill it all
out."

“With that tape recorder on?"

CLICK.

 

York. According to Chuck Assinl. aide to Sen.
Hugh Farley. fifteen states have already}
enacted anti-blind bidding legislation. and pro
posed legislation has been pending In New
York for a couple of years. though It hasn't yet
gotten out of committee. Senate Bill 5369 to
prohibit blind bidding has been Introduced by
Senators Levy and Bruno. and Is currently
before the Consumer Protection Cominlttee.
Companion Assembly Bill 7923. introduced
by Assemblyman Kremer is currently before
the Sub-Committee On the Motion Picture in-
dustry In New York State. headed by Clifford
Wilson.

According to Asslnl It Is doubtful that any
action will be taken this year, but it appears
that efforts will be renewed next year.
Vigorous lobbying on both sides is expected.

Asked If he (and New York State exhibitors)
favored the proposed legislation. UA
spokesman Hai‘rlgan answered “Most definite-

..

Anti—blind bidding sentiment ls quickly
growing. with even top figures in the motion
picture Industry coming out against it. Francis
Coppola. director of The Godfather. The
God/other Part II, and the upcoming
Apocalypse Now has recently Joined the
throng of film—makers who oppose bllnd bid-
ding. and despite the thirty million dollars plus
pricetag of Apocalypse Now, refused to have
it blind bidded. Locally. flimgoers can hardly
avoid short film trailers Opposing blind bidding
which are now proceeding almost all feature
fllmJ in the area.

According to the Levy bill, ”. . .exhibitois are-
unaware as to whether or not such pictures
(that have been blind bid) violate the State‘s
obscenity statutes." This. and the fact that
many films with top casts and big budgets have
bombed at the box office worries exhibitors.
Speaking for the National Alliance of 'l‘hi’nt-‘r
Owners. Tom llniiignn said “Wu want to

€

 

~.hnw high uphilin films to Illli Jitllll‘lla "

All this give.» liltltl toi thought to tho mime
lilll. who is Iiuu "t'liit: .l‘Jlit’il 1.. sign .i int‘utLvu
.iplmsiiigt l‘liml luiltlizni i'\'\‘l\‘ tii'm' lu' uln‘ Ill «w
nut ll‘ .3 ili-uiIt't l'li hut Jun‘r's \l'lfllll'll .t’t li'l

mu

—----<Adtlkl4.l‘i1-t«..‘Alr

trillim

 

 

 

 

 

