 

.. h,“-<u.n\.  

 

 

 

 

“may.”;.~.,..m..,.¢w.u..-. 1: .-

 

- warns»... ..

  

   

 

 

 

 

cantin ued [mm 1978

“I am dying, Egypt,‘
cil scratchings. Winter

1 gone. So there I sat, r
l ween my legs.
"Hey you,” a voice

“Not long," i said.

and not too easy. Let
beautiful. Can you look

ched his left eye a lot.

‘Nuke the Ayatollah."

aowhere, she asked if
"Could be," I answe

“Am I?"

“Who are you?"

“Do you go to scho
“Here and..."

we weren't

him."
go wid ya, huh?"

loved life suddenly, it

leaves us wanting, un

swarm of people in
mystery girl, I didn't t

confusion.

ing "You can always

llll’i' is jiiﬁl beginning

 

 

osed parts of my face an
llnally "caught" the "One," the girl he had chosen since school began, and together

they had hitched to New York City for the Stevie Wonder concert at the Garden. I

wasn't going but after they left l cha
took the bus downtown. I walked to the Toll Plaza in the Thruway. but they were

said, her eyes bright as pale stars. "How long have yoti been here?" i suppose she had
a strange face —— not perfectly proportioned features. no complexion rrrade of creamy
honey, but it was a charming. elfish face, a glowing face.

“You’re not doing it right." She turned toward the oncoming cars. The drivers smil—
ed. or turned away, or waved mockingly at us. "You see you have to be not too pushy

centrating on something. Nothing about her changed, yet she looked more beautiful

to me than Cleopatra had looked, l’m sure.
thhtn two minutes a golden Celica stopped. We both got in the back seat. The
driver held a quart bottle of Miller in his lap. He was very tuikatlve and nervously twit-

They were arguing about the Ayatollah. The driver Irislsted that the Shah was worse
than Hitler and should be strung up and whipped to death. The redneck began to say

ding our short-tempered driver.
During the whole three hour ride me and —— , that was her name, talked, She did
l'nost of the talking at first about the various countries she had been to. Then, out of

“No, no, l can tell. You're a survivor like me."

"Oh yes. People like you and l are forever people. We don't fade away; We keep
going until they come and get us and then, no matter how rotten it could get here, we
have to be dragged away kicking and screaming."

“Just a girl." She laughed again. “Go ahead. l love answering questions."
"Alright," I began, “where do..."
“...l come from? All over."

“Everywhere,” 1 anticipated. She smiled. Her eyes widened. l wondered it love was
being able to finish someone else's sentences.

We got to the City. The redneck had been dropped off somewhere in Westchester.
paying attention.
from the Garden. "Well." I said. “l'm going over to the Garden. you know, to see
Stevie Wonder. l'm going to end up spending a fortune, but, you know, i gotta see

“Yeah,” she said and then she punched me in the arm. “Ain't clha gonna ask me to
This was more than passing strange, I said “sure.” and we went. I loved this girl. I

Yet l was scared, scared that this was just another dumb pick up and soon id be wav-
ing goodbye to her too, along with this decade. December. The last month in the last
year of the 1970's. Ten years in the life of a kid, what did it mean? l'm no smarter now . A‘
than l was in Mrs. Citrin's sixth grade class. l've learned nothing except that life always ‘

wanted the final solution now. I thought, even if l had to die to get it. At least l had
thought that before. and l knewvl would again. But at that moment, walking into a

love, and the vision of love for one day, for one second, ls worth ten years of blind

A thousand voices called to us from every direction. it seemed like a dream. llook-
ed up at a huge poster on the wall. it was an ad for the movie version of Star Trek. A
rush of people passed me, a blur or faces that leaped out of the crowd. a mass of
memory Arid voices.
ten years ago, The look of my mother's eyes, and the sound of my father's voice say-

struuge. wonderful girl. And now Arr Apocalypse llir'tl never came. And on the bot-
tom of this advertisurrient. as we were pushed and shoved into the giant (’rilltt‘tli'ttl like
pilgrims bugging for redemption at a shrliur, the punch line rend, "The human advert
" » Litimit Matrnnira

 

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 

' and my eyes rose from the page stained by cold tears and pen-
setiled into the atmosphere and light snow flakes tingled the ex-
d hands like cold, wet kisses. Jesse and l split up. He had

nged my mind and threw the books on the fire and
eadlng my book on the guardrail, holding a “N Y C." sign bet-

cried from the oblivion around me. I looked up. "Hi." this girl

them know you're here. Prove yourself, you see, but look
beautiful?" l tried but she. tisked me and closed her eyes, con-

Next to him was another hitchiker, an older. redneck type.

but didn't get past the “Nuke” because he was afraid of offen-

l thought I would kill myself sometime soon.
red. She laughed.

of here?"

The driver let us out a few blocks

was like everything was new and-had a childlike wonder for me.

 

finished. l wanted an ending. areal, honest to God conclusion. 1

front of the Garden to see the boy wonder. with this magical
hirik of death or defeat or regret or pain. I thought nothing. I felt

And smells. Arid the touch that Woke. me from a blissftrl sleep

come home." And Bob. (atliy. Vinnie the Squid. Jesse. This

trililitlilt'rf in ffit’ nightly.

 

 

Movies of the70’s
continued from movies

tlal arts films. revenge was not the main thrust
of the plot. It was essentially a remake of Dr.
No, and rested solely on the non-stop action.
which was fast. furious. and bore the un-
mistakable flair of Bruce Lee‘s choreography.
It was a hit. _

And then , in the process of making another
film back in Hong Kong, Bruce Lee died.
Cause: allergic reaction to a headache tablet.

The.martial arts boom. for all the impact
and influence it was still to have in the west
was essentially over. No other martial arts star
was as physically talented as Bruce Lee. and
no other martial arts star could act in English.

They released Way Of The Dragon in the
United States hoping to capitalize on the
popularity of Lee. They had retitled it Return
0] Dragon. trying to make it scund like a se»
quel to Enter The Dragon. As Lee had said.
American audiences didn't like it. Then so»
meone strung together episodes of Tire Green
Hornet. and released that as a movie. it did no
better.

\

Sequel City

The depressing maxim of sequel-making
has been that you have to spend more money
to make less. And since the usual motivation
for making a sequel is to capitalize on the com-
mercial success of another film, a sequel
seldom is as good as the original that inspired
it. Until The Godfather Part II broke most of
the rules of sequel-making. major films didn't
get sequels.

After The Godfather, Part If. everyone
wanted to make a sequel to something. Tlit.’
trick soon got to be which variation of "Part ll
you used iii the title. The French Connection
spawned The French Conneclion Part II.
which the critics liked and the .rudir-ncvs
didn't. The makers of Walking 'I'rrff, a wry ‘rlit'
cussful, vvry yiolvnt "true to life" cop movie
trit'd tin oiigiirril twist lll|‘_U t'rilletl lllt’il seqiii’
Part I/ Walking Trill. it did well. and the seqtie
spawned a sequel. Firnil Chapter. ll'rrflting
Trill which sliowi'rl llufoid l’ussr'r. the hero.
watching llit.’ making of Walking Tall and then
getting killed in a new red convertible.

Some Criii ‘__'ivere getting tired of titles with
Ran-nu non-firth r.. a”... Ami .. i. .r a, rim rut
quels especially the ambitions ones, weren't
doing all llldl well at the box office
Nonetheless, everyone was sure their Sequel
Would be a new film diffuiviil frorri the rust,

 
    

and would rest on its own laurels. The
Heretic: The Exorcist Par; Ilwasian'ambtttous
protect. radically different tr't‘tone from its
phenomenally successful predecessor. in ad-
dition to being visually fascinating. The Heretic
offered different insights into the nature of evil
then did The Exorcist. The audiences didn't
buy it.

it was inevitable that Jaws the fish that ate
everything. would be followed up by a sequel.
Jaws. the secondhighest grossing film of all
time, deserved a sequel without a Roman
numeral in it. Jaws 2. to its credit. didn‘t have
a Roman numeral in it. it also didn't have
more than a fraction of suspense of Jaws, but
millions of people didn't care, and one sequel
at least. made money.
The Trends That Made It. and The Trends

That Didn't

Trends became a major issue in the late

seventies. What sort of fllrn was the average

working American willing to pay to see? it was’

a difficult issue. largely due to the diversity of
hits. and the generally disappointing returns
on most “trend” films.

it was difficult to categorize such films as All
The President's Men and One Flew Over The
Cuckoo's Nest. Confused, almost anything
went in the major studios. Major stars such as
Robert Redford. Barbra Streisand and Marlon
Brando could coiriniaird salaries in excess of
one milion dollars.

Redford in particular stunned the film world
by receiving a two million dollar salary for four
weeks work in A Bridge Too Far, llil.‘ most
ambitious (and by far the best) member of a
gurin of films that attempted to bring back the
war film. A firing Tor) Fur broke even. birt
met with critical resistance and audience
apathy. The Eagle lfns L(lll(ft'(f. Cross 0/
Iron. Midturiy were the forays iirto the field.
none of which were bad. Only Mirlimry.
however demonstrated financial success. rilltl
strir Charlton Heston found himself chuckling
that if liv bud accepted the script for The
()itlL'ii he would have starred in the only two
hits of the your.

Science llt tion, to the srrpriw of most of ii“.
was the trend that worked .

"erhaps the public was in the mood lnr
escapism Certainly the disaster movies of the
early part of the decade had provided lilmr
makers writ. a growing army of special effects
people who had the technical expertise to run
the iiripossible on the screen. and the pro-
duct-rs now used to inflationary budgets, WUTI'
more prepared to lay out the iiit)i\l’y I\t't‘|"r‘u|ly
to pay for them iiiltl their props.

Science of the 70’s

continued from sr‘ti'ni‘i'
stitute of Health advisory
oversee future policy dcveloprni-nt. and. fllliil'
ly, an international meeting was convened
As early as 1970. three yarns before the
middleAEristern nations begun nionopolizmg
their oil markets. articles were published porn
ting to our iripidly receding energy supplies.
lfittVL’i’iil'tttfiil rind private industry collaborated
in the mass construction of tilit'lt‘iii' power
plants to ease the oncoming crunch In 197'),
one of those plants failed. I'oriiinuuily. only
small amounts of radioactive gases were
released but, as in work with DNA. thvr'u

t'triirmittr-e to

Lev A Artsimovich. liussiri's foremost vxpert
on (:iriitrrillt'rl ftisslon experiments. .miiounr:
ed that lil' had come it) tin'es closer to (tilt
trolling fitsirui than anyone else. Willi an ex
[)(‘i’lilil‘iilitl device called 'l‘okainak T-Ii. lie
lirlil lreritr'd .r plusinrr of 20 trillion hydrogen
lilit'lttl per cubic centimeter to 2 million
degrees tit’illlflititlt‘ for lfl milliseconds.
l’nsioii is the method by Wliit’l] stars
st-pnrntv their energy Atoms of deuterium or
tlt'lit'lttt‘ilttii and tritium (types of hybrid
hydrogen found in seawater) are fused .rt
ti'tnperrrturi's ribovr' lb million degrees i‘l‘lt‘tiS'
ing \vr‘istc puiticlcx of neutrons. The bent out

emerged an outcry against govvrrimuiittilly i put can be from Jill ftlL'tiltfi'ltilii'LlUlllci‘lliin) to

sanctioned risks to the public (atomic povver
plants are still listed as “Classified lixper'inren
tal Areas").

The dangers involved with conventional
nuclear plants maybe at best hypothetical, btit
they do exist. Current designs employ rods of
Uranium 235 wrapped in coils of water. U235
decays rapidly, giving off free particles as it
transforms to radioactive lead. The free put"
ticles heat the water by friction transfer
creating steam to drive a set of turbines. Using
Three Mile Island as a case in point. valve
malfunctions can cause a lack of heat loss from
the Uranium core. thus risking a “rrreltd’nwn”
of the mechanism.

By most accounts. our natural petroleum
reserves will have dwindled by 2050, coal by
2150. Protests against atomic fission have frril~,
ed to point out a valid alternative energy
source. Solar power is near useless in climates
such as Albany's and storage cells do not exist
that are efficient enough to store and hold
energy for sufficient periods of time.

Science of the 70's has not yet found a solu-
tlon to the energy bottleneck, but it appears
that science of the 80's, or of the let century
may hold the key.

in 1967, at the Holburg Palace in Vienna,

L750 (denturiurrrtritium) times the input.
llowuvur. problems of containment ill that
high teinpvmture have kept achieved output
below the break even point.

The 1‘i7ii‘s are rth’i In ten years we've
gone further. luster. lit'llt’l'. larger tilitl smaller
than t'Vt‘l br-foru Scientists ten years hence
may look lititlk on its iri'the 70's not only as ex
plorurs. but also .rsbtiilders upon \Ulirll we had
learned Reckless adventuri- rnuy well give
way to t’riltllttilbr crrristi‘tictirrir, birt societylriay
he the butter for It

"They were .rpusoirly yesterday. Give them
time."

"Once an ape.

"No. it will be different. .
in an age or so and you shall see.,." (The
gods, discussing the Earth. in HG. Wells'
The Man Who Could Work Miracles, 1932)..

always an ape.
. come back here

 
   
   

We would like to [flunk (Ito jollowilrr,’
Iiittgtrzitrttrfur Illt.‘ use of I/lt’il' photographs:
Life. Time, l"ff/(ll.,'t‘ Voice. Rolling Stone.
Ntrltrml I‘lllt'ltﬁjl'. ri'IoI/rcr .Imrev, Circus.
(.‘ruwtlmlr/y. Iv‘t-trlttrt'. N. Y. Timer.
NL'it'Slt't't’lt’, I’co/r/t', Ur.

 

 

The high adventure and comic strip plot of
Star'Wars. in addition to its complex special
effects broke the ground for Superman.
Marlon Brando took advantage of ground
broken by Redford and got three million for
twelve days work. (In fairness, he gave the
producers a free day.)

These all made millions. Star Wars has to
(late grossed over three hundred million
dollars.

Other trends. such as an attempt to bring
back the musical failed. with the exception of
Grease. which. following up Saturday Night
Fever. launched John Travolta's career. Hair,
a well-made and Intelligent musical, fared
disappointingly at the box office. The Wiz was
a disaster. Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Hearts
Club Band. in addition to being too long to fit
on most marquees, was one of the worst films
ever made.

The trends to come in the eighties?

Science fiction has hardly gasped Its last.
and the sudden popularity of Vietnam-
centered films probably hasn't peaked yet.
There are A few musicals still in the wings. and
lrwiri Allen still thtriks there‘s life left in the

disaster film.

But the trend that-'3 about to explode on
the: screen in 1980 is the westem- Charlton
Heston, Steve McQueen and the Canadtn'e
clan are Just some of the people who have
westerns in the can.

Comedy, which has risen steadily in
popularity. and with Woody Allen now an
Academy Award Winner. has become respec~
table. eVeryone has done a comedy--includlng
Steve Martin, Chevy Chase, John Belushi,
(almost everyone from Saturday Night Live in
fact has a comedy film In the can) Peter Sellers
and Burt Reynolds. There are comedies and
sequels to comedies being made constantly.

Perhaps the film that will best reﬂect the
mood of the Hollywood establishment will be
(1 kid you not) National Lampoon’s Jaws 3,
People 0.

Having covered only a portion of the sur-
face of the cinema of the seventies, I think it
best to point otrt that this decade about to slip
away in a flood of Christmas releases was the
decade that brought back the movie, and l'm
glad I was there to see it. 70'-

Sports of the 70’s

r'onrrmmf from sports.
championships and u tottil of nine in ten years.
Seeing their metallic blue t‘llll gold uniforms
wultx through one NCAA tonrririirient aftvr
tillilllil‘i’. dismantling helpless opponents
tilting the way. was getting annoying if not
lllilil'rilrllilt' for NCAA officials

The All Aliit'l‘it‘tiiis seemed to lie rillrur'tr-rl
to thy lbs Aligt‘ll’N’ campus by nintn' ti'
lt’l)lt‘\\tillll' force Lew Ali’indiri. (lrlll
(iriirrltlt‘ll, Walt llrwrird. Sidney Wicks. (‘nr
ll‘w litrvit'. llill Walton. l).rw Mounts and l\'ertli
Wilkes were some of llit’ ‘rlrils who ininpvd on
the liiuiii bandwagon

Somehow North (Unoliiirr ".tw
Norm Florin lllillltlllt'il to ]‘l'i\ti.|(li' oiir' rrf llit'

(‘rnicli

notion}. bth "lilUl'l‘r to ‘~t.i\,' off lllrll llrind
"untriu lll' nvvlt tr Al Jumping Itll it
litrvrr llI-tiilitsrtli who .rloiig \\illt
tt-rtrrrinutes Tour Built-emu .uui M-mry ’l's-wn
led State to the championship in 1974. brvrik
ing UCLA's ~tiringlvhold on Illt’ llrllltlitrll
riown, The Iiiiiiiiph (‘rtitt‘lV :ipprvr‘irittul by
NCAA lionclros) gave new llft‘ .rrid urn itt'incr‘r
Into a sport that had i-izconu- .rtl trni prultc
table.

Since l‘l7’l five different tintins li.rvv wrrii
llitf lille while llit’ tournriiiit-rrt lilrs ltt‘t‘ll ex
ponded to 48 lt'rilih rlllll llrillllllrlll‘} tr'lr'viwd
games now .rtlrrrct high ratings All livi'nirw
ttillt‘tlc lr.rsltt-tli.rll l‘» tlllti' again very t‘triii

this it

llrllllt‘il

[rvtitivr- .riiil iinpri-dir i-ibli'

Aftt'r it thought of l\',i’lll‘. ll\i' l,‘|’rll‘» lunat-
hiring frinirtu‘s wr-rr' tin-rind to lltll'i’ ltilili’
crown winning lirriwa in tho Eli's

Hl‘t'li‘lililrtl was both the first .riid tlrr- most
outstanding With Hon lrrnotti- .rlvrrnd "liiq
lied" t'llllt'lit‘tl lii~v l‘l731rrou'n with it round
hiuuliiiig |)t_’ifi>lllirillt v lit lllt‘ ’u'linorit ‘~|.iltr's
llt' thundered to .r Ill lt'iitllli win suiting .i
Wrrtltl it't‘tit'tl for .r tiillt‘ rilltl .r lltlll llidl still
stands.

Next was Sturttlr' Hva. .i loir'vi'i lllltli’llxilt'tl
tlinr'trliglilrrt'tl. who was lililtll tlu‘ bust of .i
wi'iik crop of llli't’t.’ vvur old» in wmnmg thr- tit
ple crown (Kentucky lk'rlry. l’ii-ulnivsu Strikes
and livhnorit stakes) in l‘l77

The most exciting .irid tlltillirilll llrilllt' iri llit'
three most prestigious r'vr'nls in racing t'xiiiit' iii
the classic 1078 duels lit‘th’l'li Affirmed tllKl
Alyrliir. Affitniittl. .i Sliiillll‘wll Clll’hlliill colt I'lth
tlt‘ti by wondt'iboy Steve (Trititliuir, showed liL‘
find more heart (if not raw lilll‘lll) tlrriii Alydur
by beating him by it total of only two and one-
linlf lengths in the three races

These three great animals helped horse rut:-
iiig to slrrikr' its image us .i business for seedy
lrrrrtl luck gamblers. and become a legitimate
and entertaining sport

Regarded by many as the best golfer of all
time. Jack Nicklaus dominated the game early
in the decade. He not only displayed a flair for
the dramatic on the course but also a soft
spoken and charismatic personality corr-
trasting Arnold Palmer. golf's top gate attrac-
tion of the (ifl's.

late in the decade it freckle faced
Missourian named Tom Watson replaced the
"Golden Bear" as the game's hottest player
although Nicklaus' imposing reputation was
ever present.

The women's game was given a needed
boost in 1078 when an attractive and in
terostlng young lady named Nancy Lopez
took the women's tour by storm with a
headline grabbing win streak that proved to be

.r shot in llit' lift“ for women's golf as they ap-
proach the decade of the eighties.

lii tennis. there has been a definite trend of
"out with the old. in with the new." The
players in the spotlight at the start of the
decade. Rod Layer. Stan Smith, John
Nt-wcnmbe. Ken llosewrill, and Billie Jean
King. have all been grime. set and match-
poinlvd out of the picture. The youth have ful-
ly conlrollud the sport. with Jimmy Connors,
lijurn liorg. Chris lzvert and Tracy Austin now
in charge.

liit'llltlt'tl iii the Ivriiiis boom of the 70's was
an ill lrlll’tl attempt to turn tennis, on in»
dividtml \ . Into it lt'iliil concept. Worltl
Team Tennis. it» it this rolled. look the game
out of flu“ outdoor courts and placed it llllti
sirirrkv \Ufl diiirk ‘rt'llttig tin-nus. tllitl with the

location Llrtiirgi,‘ thine dll attitude change an
Wu“ rwtuy "In" the qu cl, ordery. trudi‘

liriirtil pr: rcer'ditig. to it rowdy. noisy spectator
]‘ivi'.lit rprrtion sport The individual irirrtches
would add tip to .i lr‘rtilt total. thus cncouiag
ing players on llit’ same team to back their
tean'imatus to "IL' hilt. Needless to say, this
radical change was not acceptor] ~- by the
plrrt‘i'in iroi ilrv luns Tennis iiirlllilriliit‘Ll its
Wimbledon tlinrrn .irid class, lriri it very
lJillititlllllillril looking player. With long hair
and ii scrquly brand and it funny sounding
Swedish llrllllt’ of l‘horn llorg i'iiu'rgvvl us one
of llit‘ finest plriyvi» |'\/|’l to hold it irii‘lu‘t. .md
by “HM cr'rturiily l'l ll'. player of thr- decode.
llruitit'stiornrbly. though. the most irritating
uthlt'tu of the 70's wiry fVllilltliiIiiirifl Ali. After
his three i/i'ril’ forced exile from llll’ ring. All
t'rnurgr'd back on the boxing sr‘r'iiv in 1970.
and from lliL'ii tintil his final forniul retirement
rist yr'ur. Ali controlled his sport in tliltl out of
llit‘ ring. It was in l‘l7l that Ali fought one of
llh flit‘riltINl fllllll‘v. tillll ironically. it Was ti Iris
ing vffort. Billed as “The Fight of the Cun-
urry." it would later be known simply as
Stipcrfiglit l, as Ali and Joe Frazier battled in
New York's Madison Square Garden. When it
was over, Flatter needed two weeks in a
hospital, but be had retained his heavyweight
title with a 15 round decision.
After F" lost his title to George
Foreman. it seemed that the heavyweight divi
sion was set, because Forenran's second
round knockout of Frazier was evidence of his
sheer brute force. and as long as he could
punch through a brick wall. Foreman seemed
invulnerable. Who could
possibly defeat Foreman? Certainly not Ali,
who had already lost to an unknown named
Ken Norton. But the fight was arranged — Ali
vs. Foreman in Kinshasa, Zaire.»With the ex-
perts giving him little chance for victory, Ali
unveiled his “rope-adope" and after tiring
himself out, Foreman was easy prey for All to
put away in the eighth round. Ali was the
champ for the second time in his career. Then
after an out of shape All was upset by a yoting,
bullish Leon Spinks. All trained for his filial
fight. and he went out on top, by decisioning
Spinks in the rematch. Ali was the champ for
the third time. The crown. and the decade of
the 70's belonged to him. 70"

a
P.
_.

   

 

December 14, 1979

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 ,  ..._._._.____..__..., "I a:

 

“abs”... m... r

