 

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘Uinrlelernwatllrdkdﬁs

 

 

_F‘tdefCasb'oToAddt'esalIIV

New York (AP) Fidel Castro. shielded by 2.000 police and
dozens of his own guards, spent his ﬁrst day in New York
City in l9 years apparently holed up in the Cuban mission in

‘ a soot-begrimed. l3 story red brick building preparing his
speech to the United Nations. The Cuban President. who is
to address the General Assembly late Friday morning. was

' clad in familiar green fittigties and had a cigar stilt in his
mouth as he arrived Thursday night on a jet flight frotn
Havana. He was whisked into seclusion at the building at
38th Street and Lexington Avenue. seven blocks from the
United Nations. Noting that it was costing the city tens of
thousands of dollars to play host to him. Castro gleefully

‘ remarked during his ﬂight here: “I ain not platiningtospend
a single penny." About 2.000 officers many helmcted and
weating bulletproof vests. joined Secret Service agents and
security guards from Havana iii throwing a protective ing
around Castro‘s local headquarters. wltere he passed his .tist
day witliottt showing himself.

hﬁnﬁuzhﬁdhuufhﬁddngltlﬁg

BUFFALO. N.Y. (Al’) Marine Midland llank. the nation's
l2th largest. has reported continticd huge increases in its
earnings. Marine said Wednesday that third quarter income
before securities transactions was SI L2“ million or 9| cents
a share compared with $6.99 million or 55 cents a share for
the third quarter of l97li. Net income after sectirities
transactions was $l0.04 million or fill cents per share
compared with $8.74 million or 70ccnls a share in the third
quarter of l97tt. For the nine-month period ended Sept. 30.
income before securities transactions totaled $29.62 million
or $2.37 a sltarc compared with stosr million or SLJI a
share iii the first nine months of the previous ycrir. ’l he itine-
mouth net income alter securities transactions was $27.08
million or Sllo a share contparcd with SI‘).57 million or
56 a share for the first nine months of I‘)7X. Board

   

 

 

Duffy said the ' continued
nings “reflects an increase of$l
billion in average earningassets and a more profitablemtdix of."
quality loans and investments."Commentingonthe e era
Reserve Board‘s recent steps to curb the growth of monley
supply. Duffy said. "Marine Midland Banks endorscsdt ter
Federal Reserve‘s moves to curtail the alarming tren o

inflation in America."

VVhsfﬁ27he(]Han?

tartan 'Edward w:
improvement in quarterlyear

IIARTOW, Fla. (AP) A specialist frotn 'Cornell University
hopes to be able to verify the age of CbarlteSniith. yvlttitlied
at what was believed to be the age of IJ7. by testing small
bone fragments obtained during an autopsy. Smith said he
was kidnapped from hisnative Liberia. Alriea, tn l854atage
l2. and was sold on a New ()rlcansauction block. He said a
Texas rancher named Charlie Smith bought him and gave
him his own name. The Social Security Administration,
which listed Smith as the nation‘s oldest person. said it loimd
records ofSniith's purchase attd other documents to‘verily
his story. Dr. ’l‘cd Brown. of the Cornell Medical College
Division of Human Genetics in New York City. said
Wednesday he thinks he will be able to tell Smith‘s age
within five years or so after aiialy/iug botie hit. the tests
involve analysis of brine protein and amino acids within the
protein. llowcver. ltrown said. that procedure usually is
perfortncd oti tectlt. Smith lost his last tooth two yetirsago.
“We're not certain it will work." Brown said. “In pitiiciplc.
we should be able to. We just have tti scl tip tltc test aitd

standardile it.“

hmﬁuﬁwtChmnelChwrfql)

(Al’) lsrael and ligypt qurirrcled publicly Wednesday oycr
who was holding tip a solittioii to the Palestinian question.
whether lsracl cotild rc-occupy Arab Ianti after it be one
autonomous and whctlicr l-iurope should ltclp solve the
Mideast conflict. Israeli l’oicign Minister Moshe Dayan
warned that the lsraeli army would rc-iinatleihe West llatik
of thc .iortlan River and the (la/a Strip if the areas titrtted
into ’alcstinian guerrilla strongholds alter becoming

   

" autonomous. gClearfyr annoyed, 

. r _: I y ’ Minister for
Foreign Affairs Butros Ghah rctortcd thdt the lsracli force.
could not return once the 1.] million Arabs ofthe lei-rimric;
elected their own leaders. The two traded pub“;
recrimintitions during separate addresses here to the *1.
nation Council of Europe. the oldest European pntr.\;.”
institution, which promotes cooperation in many tit-iii.
They also biekcred during a later news conference. it up;
territories became PLO “bases for terrorism in otn own
backyard. we will not tolerate it. We will send our owl“
brick there.“ Dayan said in front of the t'cptirtci.\l mm“
countered: “Once you are out, you do not have tltc out" 1.,
come back. The lsrtieli withdrawal is delinitiye. and no
’alcstiniun group will cveraccept any form of protrmunm ..
(ihali charged that lsraeli settlements anti laiid purchases in
the West Bank and Gala were deterring the i’iliL’Silllimly
front joining the peace talks. Dayati disagreed. saying lilL'
,moderates were staying tt\’tt)’ frqu the hitlggtini'ip Mme
because they feared the PLO would assassinati- tin-“1‘

Shunnjréightiﬂo'The.Bhnd

NEWARK. NJ. (Al’) in a novel operation. doctors in
lliiitcd Hospitals Medical Center used
techniques to create pupils in tlte eyes ol a baby who “.15
destined to it life withoiitsight. l’aul llitclutk ol (iltlllt'iti was
born blind .ltinc l7. Due to an Cltll)l"\‘tilt)glctli ilt-tt-ct. iti‘ was
born without pupils which control iilt' amount oi llt.'ltl
that can enter the eyes. said Dr. Anthony input“. in...
pediatric opthalmologist who peiloitiicd thr~ tit’ilt‘.lis'
operation. 'lbc procedure is bclicycd to be the i|t\l ol |l\
kitid. At birth. l’tiul's eyes were swollen and lt‘itkltti1.\.iiilltts
mother. Lucille. "lle opciictl them once tnir \ilitlr. but I won
rcali/ed that hcdidn‘t follow ttie with his eyes llc wits always
crying and was vetycranky,"Aftei lltc opt-tattoo lti‘lltillllt'ti
last month. the itifaiit began in sec and lust-nuivpt~i~.on;t|it\
cliatigcd. his parents said \‘Vctlncsday at a lti‘\\st’rittlt'lt't|t t'
"We put him in his crib and he lookcrlai lilt' ltttilttlt’ultmr' it
He laughed and giggled and started playing iiuh ti.“\.ntl
l'aul's lather. l’hilip. 3|. u iitlL'ttttttt lot .I ltutlivrlotrl
chemical lirtti. ('apttto stud Paul \\;is built \ttllt.|t|i‘\ttt'ti|r'l\
‘ifCtttlgCltllili disease called ('otct-iopia |’.iti|'s llll[lli\\\t'lt’

nitciosutgical

i';
occluded ltltti were located iipwnttl and lII\\.tltl toward litt‘
nose hidden by the eye lids.

 

 

F

thNhhe(Boup'FoC}gun&e

l.ast 'l‘ticsday marked the lit‘sl ill a series of energy
presentations sponsored by the SUNYA (‘oalition against
Nukes (CAN). 'I he group. which started this year. is
planning to hold similar picscutatiotis to educate SUNYA
students and the coiiitiiiitiity oti nuclear power. nuclcai
weapons. attd alternate lornis ol energy.

CAN is currently negotiating it date to present former
Defense Department tiliiliatc .loliii (‘ittio l’rcyioiislv
involved in the making of niielcai weapons. (‘iiti'o is now tiii
active member of the anti-nuclear nioyciitcut.

the coalition is also planning a speaker‘s foiiiiii at which
participants in the Sciibt‘ook occupation will tell ol their
experiences and how siicccssltil the occupation was. As
members ol the group bccotiic bettci' educach oii tiitclcat
issues. ('AN hopes to coiirlitct its own tench-ins iti addition
to outside speakers.

SexlﬁghurhdandIChtllCl

 

’l his Sunday. October Milt. the S.ll.t\ ../\. | csbiioiund
(iay Alliance will participate in a march on tile (‘apital to
demonstrate for gay iiglits. 'I he group's stand is that “sc\tial
behavior between consenting adults must bc ft‘L'c lroot
governmental repression and is it fundamental part ol‘civil
liberties."

fhxnniquniBoonbfhnmo

SUNYA students have again been hit with inflation. 'l he
record co-op has raised the regular price of its t‘ cords to
$5.l7 - a full 38 cents higher than last year. The record eo-
op. a non-profit organiyation. reportedly is only reacting to
the wholesale price increase of records.

.Nt

 

‘ . H... ..
PAGE TWO

 

(jcyiﬁkehslhniﬁbns

A student groitpstt the State lluiycisity at Album will call
upon Albany‘s ('omiiion ('otuicil to enact tuitioi tL"\ isions lll
local housing codes. the Oil ('aiiipih Association h'is
t|c\clopi'd \pL‘t‘lilC pioposals to rlcal \ytth pt oblems faced by
student tenants and tesidctitsot the Pine llills neighborhoth
ol lilt‘ city, l)c\c|opcd iii cooperation \\tlit thcfl‘ittc llills
Neighborhood Association. the ptoptisrtls aic :imictl ‘Il
iectttyiug problems biotight to lrglit by recent ricyispapci
ttlllt‘iL'\ on stittlctit housing in that neighbor hood.

the group has called a press coulcieiicc lor Moiidtn
()ctobci‘ ISiii noon to publicly announce their proposals ‘uid
their strategies tor ituplcnicntation. Ihc press L'tllliL'Il:llt."
“ill be held lll liont ol'tlrc lluiycisity's('nmpus l
the fountain).

('cutcrtiicar

'ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Saving Energy? Write NYPIRG

(‘oticci'ucil about cotist'tyaiioii‘ \ on \\lii .oon br- .iblr- to

air your ideas. A sub»coiniutirn- ol iill' .iltctii.iti\«~ t ||i‘l}'\
sector of NYI’IRU is plrttiiiitu.I to put \ltt'_t't“.llt|ll brown on
the quads and iii the SA itiilL't‘ Amour who ha» .tn ltil .I tor
cutting down on ciicigy cspccinlb .r' Si \\ \ is
encouraged to submit litt‘tll.
lite suggestion iH)\ I\ putt ol :tii \‘llt’ll'\ |ttll'~t|‘..ll|ltlt
ll'I‘lt'Cl ‘PUIlNUI‘Cti by the .lilt'lll.|l|\t' illt li'K .tllti
viiiiioiiriicntal decisions coiiinuiiccs ol \\ l’lliii

DbnnldnbAoﬁkkySﬁmMMn

(iieasc was the apparent crittw oi . illt .tt \lil‘ Ii
\Vaterbttiy cal’clcrin on Alumni Quail last Sunday iil‘ inc
started lll’lllt.’ men at |0.-i."i;t.in .itlttltt‘illitli l\ liilill' \“M‘”
brunch. It was quickly brought lllltit'l tonitol. .onl wt»
completely by l|:05. No damages \\t't<' it‘lllllll ‘1

trill

SUNY Gets Humour Magazine

“'33 )0” guys. let's get turtny! "/itrr .S'tiiioui/t lolly
Ilrt' lluoroio' .‘ItltyIZfllt'H. a new \t'tllllt'ltl ot Ilium/u
at‘iiorrdy

Miltlilllllt‘. is for “pcoplc who takc lltL‘Il litttuoi
lltc SA funded publication is co—cdttcd by Scott ltr tipiilllll
“ltd Miiic |.uhathin, (‘onttibniions Ilt llic ltilttis oi .nnt it‘
and cartoons iiitiy ltc stlltlltillCti to the SA otlirc. " | hour all“
iII'L' offeudcd bv the humor mngii/inc “Ill be pit” W “ “""
an apology. tree of charge.“ ltcnianiin \lllli.

 

 

a

l

 

 

 

 

 

.‘.‘.‘.'.'.‘.‘.‘.‘." ' ' ’*"="' ':'<‘-' )Jd—u‘uur

A student workin

 

. ma 1 Am .g A .

 

.t.

 

out on the new Nautilus inultl-e ~

 

T/lt’ move will strengthen SUN Y/I.

I'ftolri: .S'tlt' fur/or

SUNYA Energy

Experiment

 

Solar House Tests Design

by Peggy 'l'liim

filt‘ l'icsbiiicn of toiiiorroii may
not be able to endure the liaiin
Albany winters il alternate sources
ol cnci'gy csplorcil
thoroughly ltttiil_\’. Ycuily licatirtg
costs of oyei' 5900.000. slioitrigcs ol

illL' llttl

oil. gas. and other iiicls. as well as
strong opposition to iiiiclcur'ciicigy.
itii combine to briiig solar energy
itito ltiCllS'ttN it possible solution to
our energy problems.

SUNYA cart already boast of Iltc
solar licittcd Alumni House on
campus. the building. btiilt iii l‘)7o.
uses a solar ciicigy heating system.
employing 2200 square feet of solar
collectors motintcd oti its tool. It
siipplics part ol the hcrtting for the
building's 7000 square Icct of Iloor
space. The system uses two heating
pumps. ii water to writer heat pump
which boosts the oiitpttt of the solar
collectors aiid an air to water pump
which is capable of working
independently ol the solar heating
system.

The Alumni llotise is a facility
which allows for tcstittg and
research and is able to accommodate
the testing of newer heat pumps. as

they become ayailablc.
l)cspitc the c\isicticc of this
campus solar energy lacility. the
SUNYA l‘liiiit |)cpaittiiciit is iitit
L'tlll'i'ltll\’ considering the use ol
solar energy lot the itui\cisity.
Nrai Mohawk l‘owci (‘ompany
spokesman liob (J‘liticn soul that
the use of solar ciicigy lot the
production ol clcctiieity “I” not itt‘
ctiiisitlcrcd bt-loie Iilt‘ year 3000.
"Not oiin would iiit' L'Usl ltc
phenomenal btit many cnyitontncn—
liti pioblctus itoiild be met." lie
that there are

 

aildctl. howcicr.
ultctuatiie sy stems.

An ticiiic heating system which
llt\’()i\t'\ pumping water through a
sitiltl tool collector arid distributing
energy to \m ious parts of the home.
would cost the average homeowner
$20,000 to 510.000 to ittsttill.

()‘lit ieii said that a passive system
cotild be substittitctl lor on activu
one. costing the consumer
approximately 3il0ll0, In addition. it
could be used to reduce the
consumption of other energy
i'csour '- this system would consist
of strategically placing water pumps
behind a solar panel or window. thus

 

 

po‘oﬁn‘amu w... rum-4a.»

 

t . r r i

no
my. r>‘_'~f“:ﬁ"—\-'-'¢'m‘.‘aInna'olOOAAAIIJCIOJ’YYQ'I-J-

 

Gym Goes. Public On Nautilus

 

Constant Supervision Necessary
r‘r‘W—‘r

by Laura Florentlno

The SUNYA l‘h) " al Education
Department recently opened its new
multi-cxet'eiser. Nautilus. to
SUNYA students.

According to Assistant football
coach Mike Motta. the Natitiliis
:quipment arrived dtiring the
summer bitt Hts not installed until
late September. because of
difficulties in finding a location for

 

"It took tittie to determine where
to ptit it. We wanted to make it
accessible to built men and women."
added Motta.

'l he machiirc. which is l
combination of it hip and brick.
compound leg. ptill oyct’. and chest

apparatus. was originally used by
SUNYA :itlilctic tcaiits.

" I he lootball. basketball.
swimming. and tennis tcams‘
members were or tirsl the only

students allowed to use the lacility

 

SllNYA‘s solar heated Alumni House. located off of Perimeter Road.

Niagara r’llo/mu'lt I‘riu't't' ('om/mni'.‘

using sun to heal the water.
Another alternative would ho to
utili/c daytime siiti to heat tip a wall
or tank, lleat from these retainers
would beat tip a rootn at night.
l'hcrc is the possibility that solar
heating systems may become more
economically feasible witliiti the
next. five ’l he New Yoik State
l-‘ticrgy RcsLttrclt and Development
Authority. aii orguni/ation financed

 

‘<

 

Hamecoming Parade Slated

 

Weekend Events Begin Today

In hopes of buying it successlitl
llomccomrtig l’atiidc. all live quads
have combined cllorts to organi/e
the event. according to Colonial
Quad Vri:c l'icsulctu llri‘ky 'l'itttlc.

ltitct-(Jtiiitl ('otint'il. an
organi/rition cornposrtl ot
board executor-s, is coordinating
the parade. l intrinun-s. Sototitics.
llt\ttl\l'ti ltt

tlltitti

and drums illL' .ii‘.“
orgiiiii/ittg cicnts,

According to ('olontnl Quad
lloard l'it-siilcnt Mark Italtlwiii.
“ i his is lltc lust limc all the ipttirls
are getting together lot .i big cyciit."

"We \\i||ll ll It‘ill lioinvi'omtiig

pttttitlc. llicic itlt' :it |.'.i-.t itllll lluuts

and some bunticis." added ’l'titilc.
Scheduled events include a pep
rally. a parade. and a put ty.
Iloiiiccoming will begin a scycti this
cycniug. .
According to llald \viii.
homecoming was not well otgani/cd
last yr i. "No orgiiiii/ation took the
initiative to oi'giiiii/e litt' cyciit.
litt'tt' was vviy little iidyci tisitig. We
wattt to try and hike up school spit it
through homecoming."
()uad hoiiid meetings rind posters
Iiiiyir iiitotnicd students of the event.
ltittlc cspliiined that Student
Association grants caeh rtuad $100
lot tlicir progi'zinttiiiiig lilies. Part of

 

this titoitcy will be used to lttnd
homecoming activities.

liotli luttlc atul llitldwiti hope to
utili/c liitcr~Qtiad (‘ouucil for
orgittii/ing littiire cyciit. In the past.
the ('ouucil coordinated liniitcd
events.

"We want more tini\cisiiy—witlc
planning. We‘ll continue to work
through the (‘ouncil to build rip
student spirit. “ said liittlc.

A "Winter Weekend“ is being
planned lot 0le semester.

"We hope it lot of students get
involved. Inter-()uad ('ouncil can‘t
get spirit itself." sriirl 'l tittlc.

 

 

 

ibccatise they had sitpervisiott. llitt
now. since we ltavc ati official
supervisor in the weight room.
anyone can use the equipment.“said
Motta.

According to l‘acility (‘oordiit-
ator llill Schicl'felin. the delay iii
opening up the Nautilus to all
SUNYA students was precipitated
by it lack of a sitpciiising staff.

“We had to wait until we found
someone who could stipcryisc the
usage ol the Nautilus. We had to get
someone who coiiltl help people out
students about the
machine. so no one would get litirt.
llic possibility of \andalism ot llll‘il
was also a reason lor tlcliiy. it we
opcncd the room right ll\\‘ll\ without

and instruct

Not Int/org I/lt' Hair 3000.

by an assessment of ptiblic utilities.
is currently working on altciuatc
loims ol cricrgy.

Ilie otgatii/ation spends its
$000000 budget to initiate solar
energy projects. such as a recent
Solar liiici'gy and liuild
('orupetitioii. Designers and
builders were asked to submit
designs for solar energy systems to
be used in New York State

any supervision, damage to
equipment might have resulted.“
said Schieffelin.

in order to use the Niititiltis.
students inttst present their SUNYA
ll) cards to the supervisor. "The
Physical Education Departntent has
just started this policy in all its
facilities. Wt are tryitig to keep'
outsiders away so that equipment is
more available to the stiidctits.“said
Schieffclin.

llic Nautilus is presently open
eyci'y night from 5 to ii and is
located tilt the third floor til the
Physical lidtication building. next to
the weight room.

"'l here will be a seminar open to
all students oii strength tiriining on
October 14 at 7 p.m. iii the weight
room. It will explain ilic use in the
machine and its bcnclits, Students
will also be tatiglit to organi/c their
own progi'aiiis and record their
progress." said Motto.

   

I'llrilrt.‘ Karl ('lmu
residential homes. 'lhe competition
was used to increaseunawiircnessol
the solar field on the part of
designers and builders. A similar
event was sponsored by the federal
government.

New York Public interest
Research (il'tmp has formed a
cottiriiittcc iii which alternate forms
of energy are discussed.

 

 

 

 

 

 

OCTOBER [2, 107‘)

ALBANY S ‘UDEN'I‘ PRESS

 

 

 

