 

 

‘ ‘1' "Z‘YWH"

 

 

   

Late Heroics Lead

 

Ahead 21 -0 At Halftime,-
Albany F a‘lls To 2nd Loss

by Pttul Schwartz

The game paralleled the Danes
season - a 60 minute example of the
1979 Albany State football cam-

‘ paign. First there was the quick

start. followed by more success.
and then the building conﬁdence
that goes with a 21-0 halftime lead.
As in the ﬁrst six games of the
season, it seemed as if the Danes
could do no wrong Saturday against
the Fordham Rams. After the con-
test ended, it seemed as if Albany
had done everything wrong. The
Rams piled up 35 second half
points, and went on to stun the
Danes at University Field, 35-28.

The loss dropped Albany's mark
to 6-2, and crushed whatever vfaint
hopes the Duties had for the NCAA
Division 111 playoffs. Fordham. not
in contention for post-season play,
assured themselves of their fourth
winning season lit a row and finish-
ed their year at 5-4.

“Th 3 was a heartbreaking loss,"
said Albany State head football
coach Bob Ford. “in the first half i
thought we moved the ball rather

- consistently. and we shut thent out

with our defense, and we had a
pretty good lead. They scored
quickly in the second half and then
we came back, but then they punch-
ed in another touchdown and i
guess the momentum swung."

The Dane 21-0 advantage was
shortlived, as the Rams took the se-
cond half kickoff and stormed 80
yards to cut the Albany lead to
21-7. The score came suddenly, as
Fordham quarterback Vince Con-
nolly ﬁred a bullet pass over the
middle to his speedy halfback, Juan
Pacheco. Albany safety Bruce Col-
lins gambled. and raced in for a

possible interception. Collins miss- ,

ed, and Pacheco sped 47 yards un—
contested into the endzone. _

“Bruce went for the ball, but he
just didn't make the play," said
Albany defensive coordinator Jack
Siedlecki. “it was a good, ag-
gressive play by Bruce."

The Rams took possession after
halftime because of a decision by
Ford. included with the dark, over-
cast afternoon was a strong, gusting
wind, and Ford opted to kick offin
the second half. but also itave the
wind to the Danes advantage in the
third quarter. This unusual move
allowed Fordham to move with tltc
wind irt the final quarter.

"it was our choice, and we decid-
ed to defend the wind," said Ford.
“i thought ifwe could get one more
score, we would be up 28-0 and we

would take our chances going into ’

the wind in the fourth quarter. Our
lead should have been enough."

The Danes retaliated immediately
with a ten-play, 64 yard drive to
once again nudge their lead to 21
points. A face mask penalty and a
roll-out pass from quarterback
Terry Walsh to halfback Jack
Burger brought Albany to the Ram
27 yard line, and six rushes later
Walsh coasted in from one foot
out. and the Danes led 28-7.

The Albany touchdown was
scored with 8:42 remaining in the
third quarter. From then on, it was
Fordham's ballgamc.

With the wind in their faces, the
Rams came out firing. Connolly
found halfback Steve Zirpoli for a
13 yard pickup, and one play later,
Connolly was faced with one of the
few Dane defensive rushes. but
calmly rolled out and passed to split
end Roger McGloin on the left
sideline for a 25 yard gain. A 12

 

 

victory at Albany.“

 

Gum‘m“ "m 00""tu (8) passed for 187'yards as he led Fordham to

University Fleidta'ltoto: Bub Leonard)

   

Sports
F ordham Past Danes, 1 35-28

 

Tuesday, November 13, 1979

 

Albany halfback Levi Louis (32) carries the ball during the Danes' 35-28 loss to Fordham on Saturday. The
defeat dropped the Albany State football team's record to 6-2. (Photo: hob Leonard)

yard bullet to tigltt end Mike
Crossan capped a' 14 play, 90 yard
drive, and brought Fordham to trail
28-14.

After a 22 yard pass interference
penalty gave Albany the ball on the
Ram 44, Walsh ran, was hit. and
fumbled, and Fordham took over
on their own 44 yard line. A draw
play by Zirpolincttcd 35 yards,
then Connolly ran wide attd into the
endzone. and his ten yard
touchdown cttt the Albany lead to
28-21 with 14:25 remaining in the
game.

“i think my futnble gave tltcttt
some momentum," Walsh said.
“And there's no doubt momentum
was a big part of the game."

The Danes failed to move the ball
on three successive offensive
possessions, and still trailing by
seven points. tltc Rants took control
on their own 21 yard littc with 4:14
left. Once again the strong arm of
the 6-2, 200 lb. Connolly shredded
tltc Albany defense. A toss to Zir-
poli was good for 23 yards, and
then Zirpoli bcttcrcd his effort by
racing past tltc Dane secondary and
corrallcd a 36 yard pass to bring
Fordham to within a point at 28-27.

Fordham head coach Jack
Stephens called for a‘timcout, and
decided to go for the two-point cott-
version and tltc victory. Connolly
rolled ottt looking for a receiver,
bill before ltc could release the foot-
bnll, he was smothered by John
Vcruto and Jerry Wicrzbicki, and
with just 2:00 remaining itt tltc cort-
tcst, the Danes clttttg to a precarious
one point lcttd.‘

“At that point. we had to shut
tltcttt down, and we did," said
Ford.

liveryonc knew what would come
next tan onsidcs kick. Ford sent in
his better hall-handlers in anticipa-
tion. Ram ktckcr Kevin Clync ram-
mcd the ball on the ground to tltc
left side ofthc Danc litte. The foot-
ball kicked up, took a high bottttcc,
and Crossnn pottttccd on the free
ball. in the most startling of tur-
nabouts, Fordham took control on
the Albany 43 yard lirte.

Connolly’s first pass attempt fell
incomplete, and tltctt the Rams

went to the ground. Fullback Craig

Miller picked up tltrcc yards to br-
ing Fordham to the Dane 40. But
time was ruttning down. Connolly
tltcn faded back. and fired an ar-
chittg pass towards the rigltt corner
of the endzone. Split end Ted Smith
and Albany defensive halfback
Daryl Haynor went step-for-step in-
to the endzone. but Smith angled to
the corner and left his feet to catch
tltc picture-perfect toss by Connol-
ly. Miller scored on tltc conversion.
and Fordham had conte from way
back to push ahead,‘3S—28, with bttt
1:16 left to play.

“We felt wc could throw on
Albany," said Fordhant's coach
Stephan. "We felt we could throw
the ball well all year long, and it just
happened that Connolly had the
best gantc of his career."

“The last two toucltdown passes
ltc threw were incredible," said
Sicdlccki. "On tltc last one, we
had good coverage. He just tttude rt
great throw."

The Danes last chance to pull out
a victory they once securely owned

snw Walsh gain 14 yards to the

Albany 38 yard litte, followed by a

sideline pass to Tim Votraw to br-
ittg the Danes to the Rant 49. With
25 seconds left, Walsh's next toss to

Votraw was turned into a diving in-
terception by Wally Slaughter. and
the Danes were done.

The game was striking because of
its abrupt about face. in the first
half, Albany ran off 20 more plays
than the Rams. and the Danes also
dominated itt total yardage. 222-73.
ittcluded in Albany's stron'g defen-
sive first ltalf was Fordham’s cont-
plete inability to mount any threat,
and the Rams'managcd only four
pass attempts, and did not contplctc
any. “They didn’t rttn many plays
itt the first half," said Siedlecki. “it
was hard to see what they had."

Albany got to see too tttttclt itt thc
ttext 'htiff. With Dane defensive
linettten Matt Brttncttto and Larry
Pearson injured, and Steve Sltocn
hobbling on the field with a sprain:
ed ankle, Albtttty could ttot break
through the Rants large offensive
litte, and this enabled Connolly to
stand in the pocket and pick out his
receivers. Tltc Fordham quarter-

continuctl on page eightch

 

quickly picked. the eastern

dcfittitc playoff cxpcctutions.

Mellon (9-0).

 

(One East Team Selected a
For Division M Playoffs

The NCAA Division iii football playoff selections have ortcc
again held to their usual route — the perennial power teams were
region had
tltcmsclvcs, and one tcant was left out itt tltc cold.

Montclttir State was the one misplaced team. Posting a record of
8-1-1, Montclttir had ttot played an extremely tough schedule, bttt
still had definite pluyoff aspirations. Artd after tltcir fintll impression
— a 6846 swampittg of Jersey City State on Saturday. Montclnir bad

But they were passcd over. as the NCAA committee saw fit to
select only one team from the cast. Usually, two teams from each
rcgiott are slated for post season play, bttt this year only itltucn (84!)
was picked. The Bombers. who made a lasting impression on tltc
NCAA after their 46-6 rout of Albany two weeks ago, will travel a
long way for their playoff match —~ all tltc way to iowa, to face 94)
Dubuquc. one of the western representatives.

The other tcetnt frotn the west is Baldwin Wallace. the dcfcttdittg
national champion. Baldwin Wallace (9—0) will travel to Penn-
sylvania to face Widener (94)). The other pairings are: Wittcttburg
(9—0) at Millersville (8-1), and Minnesota Morris (9-1) at Carnegie

The eight-team tournament will conclude on December 151 at the
Amos Alonzo Stagg Bowl at Pltenix City. Alabama.

trouble representing

 

— Paul Schwartz

 

  
  

 

 

 

' liﬂby Alb-1’ Student Frill Corporation

 

 

 

 

O'Lcary's Task Force on Women
New group on campus
Photo: Bob Leonard

 

 

D
gRESS

 

Vol. LXVI No. 47

November 16, 1919

 

 

New Task F orcelnstituted

 

Safety Measures Enacted

by Aron Smith ,

SUNYA President Vincent
O'Leary has formed a Women’s
Safety Task Force, designed to deal
witlt a wide variety of issues related
to the security of SUNYA women,
botlt on and off campus.

Tltc group was developed partial.
ly itt response to a recent rash of
ropes and assaults on SUNYA
women itt the Pine Hills section of
Albany. O'Leary appoitttcd Vice
President for Finance and Business
Joint Hartigan as cltair of tltc
group, composed of faculty,
students, and administrators.

While O'Lcary and i-lttrtigtnt
agree that the Task Force should be
prepared to tackle any area of cunt-
pus life involving women‘s safcty.
the current wave of ttssttttlts lit the
vicinity of Alumni Quad is tltc
group‘s priority cottccrtt.

“How do we begin to approach
this problem?" uskcd ()'l.cury.
"The people of this campus should
have a lcgititnatc ability to tttovc
back and forth to the campus
without fear. it is very interesting
that tltcre are tttctt who are concern—

Huntor Mag Loses SA

by Debbie Kopf

Through a series of bttdgct rcvi-
sious, Central Council has forced
But Seriously Fol/tr. (BSI-‘l SA‘s
humor magazine to ccttsc ptll‘tilL‘il»
tiott.

The presence of allcgcdly offen-
sive and racist mtttcrittl in the
magazine's first issue lttts ltcctt
cried by many Central (‘ouucii
members as tltc ntttitt reason for
budget changes. Wltilc SA's literary

magazine Tangent rcccivcd furt-
ding, BSF was denied pt'oposcd
funding.

Tangent and BSF were originally
combined iii a single publication, in

Central Council , ‘_

tut effort by SA to reduce printing
costs. The litcrnry tttagurittc will
now umctiou as n scpnrntc publica-
tion with ‘its own budget. Con-
sideration of [IS/“'5' proposed
budget has been "postponed in-
tlcl‘iltitcly."

"i thought the editorial policy of
the magazine tutti the attitude of tile
ctlitots was wurpcd —— plain and
sitttplc." said .littt Castro-Blotter).
sponsor of tile tttotiott to postpone
indefinitely. “We are ttot going to
support this type of idiocy," ltc ad—
dcd.

"The magazine spoofed
sorttetlting that shouldn‘t be taken

'5 funding

ASUBA President Leander Hardawa y cite: racist tendencies

ed. We all have a stake in this. it
seems to me that it is the respon-
sibility of everyone to address the
issue, wltctltcr man or woman."

O'Lcary expressed ltopc that the
SUNYA community will work
closely with tile Albutty Police
Department.

“1 tltittk that this is happening.“
he said. "We need it good sotlrcc of
information to fit bctwcctt what we
are doing ltcrc and what's going on
dowtt there."

Thrcc Net-its

llttrtigtm nttttlylcd a possible up-
prottch to the recent situtttiou by
breaking it down into tltrcc needs of

the SUNYA community. These in-
clude the need to recognize that fear
does exist among SUNYA women.
the nccd for SUNYA _men to ap-
preciate tltc situation. and the need
to listen to what women feel about
the incidents.

According to Httrtignn, tltc tltrcc
issues most closely associated with
women's safety at SUNYA arc
lighting, buses. and tire student
escort patrol. .

Plant Department spokesman
Dctntis Stcvcns said that on a walk-
ittg tottr of tltc uptown campus,
Draper cumpus and Alttttttti Quad.
ltc found many lights ttot function-

 
 

 
        

   

Vicc President John Hard an
Rape, fear, assaults. answers
Photo: Karl Chan

ing, as well as several poorly lit
areas. He attributed the darkened
outdoor lamps to mechanical
failure and vandalism. Stevens call-
cd Alumni Quad “not sufficiently
lit," specifically citing the area of
Partridge Street between
Washington artd Western Avenues.
Stevens is working with City of
continued I)" [10.139 59W”

 

Photos Stolen From Art Gallery

.
by l.nttrn l-‘iorctttlno

Two photographs, valued at
several hundred dollars a piece,
were stolen frotn the University Art
Gallery Wednesday.

The photographs. by artist
Hellmnto Kinderntann, are

Funding

as a joke," said ASUBA Presi-
dent Lcander Hardaway. “i don't
think you hide your racist tenden-
cics itt :1 humour magurittc. it's very
elitist of editors to tltink lltcy can
decide what is offensive to certain
groups.“

“Everything was dottc in
humor." said BSF Co-cditor Scott
Benjamin. “Part of tire problctn
was that we weren't listened to
witctt we spoke before Council. A
ntajority of thc pcoplc had decided
what tltcy would vote before hand.
People just didn't realize that when
Archie Bunker makes a joke, you

continued on page eight

1

I
"F

 

 

\ . .. ' L
Photo: Bob Leonard

 

blueprints of collages ol' 1940-503
newspaper cutouts. "
According to SUNYA l’olicc,
one was subsequently found, wltilc
the other remains missing.
According to SUNYA Art
Gallery Director Nancy Liddlc, the

Cattle scene of robbe
Valuable photos taken
Photo: Jon Hodges

 

specific days to deal with iranian

 

L

     

manian Students Face
' Status And Visa Check

Eight lrunian students attending SUNYA will be requested to sub-
mit to ti status citeck and visa review within the next four weeks.
Although the deadline for this veriﬁcatiott_is December 14, the
Albany office of the Federal Bureau of immigration has set aside
students attending each of the
Capital Districts colleges and universities. -

“The government is going to verify their status as non-immigrant
visas," said Assistant Dean for Student Affairs J. Patti Ward. “it
means tltcy have to be a bona fide student, fttlly enrolled attd involv-
ed in their studies; it means that they must have adequate finances to
support themselves; it means that they must be proficient in English;
it means that they must not be working illegally attd that they have
not bectt convicted of a criminal offense.”

Although foreign students must renew their visas each year. the
current action is apparently related to an Iranian-American conflict
involving tltc holding hostage of American students in Tehran.

"it’s a response, bttt it's also a way to cool things as far as lranian
students demonstrating," said Ward. “One thing follows another.
This was one thing they could do to prevent the iranian studettts

. from actually demonstrating. At a demonstration you migltt punch
someone, and that would be a criminal act. The checking up on
‘ studentsvwas designed to lessen the possible violence in our country." '

robbery occurred at approximately
4:30 p.m. in the lobby of the Fine
Arts Gallery.

“An individual came into the
gallery and infortncd us that so-
ntcone was taking two photographs
in tltc lobby," explained Liddle.

“They took the photographs and
ran. it was sort oflike taking record
albums out of a store," said Art
Gallery employee Jason Stuart. "

“Three people in the gallery ran

after tltc thieves bttt were unable to
capture them," Stuart added.

SUNYA police found one
photograph near the computer

cctttcr at approximately 6 pm.
Wednesday, according to SUNYA
Security investigator John Havner.

“The photograph was set down
very noticeably. i tltittk tltc thieves
put it dowtt because it was too large
(about 15x20 inches) and cott-
spicuous," lte said.

l—layncr added,“Sccurity has

already lifted five latent prints off
the photograplt. These can be used
to positively identify any suspects."
Sources belich that two to four
continued on page eight

1

 

—Aron Stnlth

o...” ... 

   

  
 
   

 

 

  
  

 

 

 

 

