 

 

Would Capsular»

Castro And Crew Depart

NEW YORK (AP) Life in a four-block “frozen zone" in
midtown Manhattan has returned to normal after Cuban
President Fidel Castro abruptly left the city under the cover
of darkness. Barricades were removed Sunday in the area
around Cuba‘s Mission the the United Nations after Castro
made a hasty departure. Hundreds of law enforcement
ofﬁcers had kept an armed vigil during the Cuban leader's
three—day visit. Castro‘s Russian-made llyushin-62jet took
off from Kennedy International Airport before dawn
Sunday. and federal ofﬁcials later said it ltad landed safely in
Havana. Friday. Castro made an impassioned plea at the
United Nations fora new world economic order. calling fora
SZS-billion-a-year program to close the gap between rich and
poor countries. He also met separately in receptions with
three Puerto Rican nationals freed recently from American
jails. American news executives and members of the Illaek
Congressional Caucus. Barbara Walters. an ABC
newswoman who attended the reception. said Castro
commented that Republican Ronald Reagan is the only
possible presidential candidate whom he definitely would
not like to see elected in I980. Asked his opinion of Sen.
Edward Kennedy‘s presidential possibilities. Miss Walters
said Castro replied. "I'm not sure I would be doing Senator
Kennedy a favor it'l said I preferred him."va I’or/t Daily
New: Editor Michael .I. I‘Neill. recotrnting the discussion at
today‘s editions ofthc paper. reported Castro said that US
presidents and the Central Intelligence Agency knew for I7
years of the Soviet hri "ltlc. Castro called the Russian
brigade "Training Center No. II“ and said its sole purpose
was to trrriti his army in the use of armor and other
techniques. O‘Neill wrote.

Court Rejects Major Sex Suit

WASHINGTON (AP) The Supreme Cotrrt today refused to
become involvetl in one of the largest and potentially most
expensive sex discrimination lawsuits ever tiled. ‘l hcjusrices
left intact art order forcing Western Electric Co.. a wholly
owned subsidiary of American ‘l'clcphone & 'l'clegraph Co..
to pay virtually all costs in what may be more than 2.000
sc arutc trials to determine damages. A federal trial yutlgc
rulcd last year that Western Electric has systematically
discriminated against women at its Kcarny'. NJ. plant: The
origitral lawsuit was filed irt I971 by Cleo Kyria/i. now 47.
who worked front I965 to l97l as an industrial engineer at
the Kearny plant. Her suit was later certified as a "class
action." and more than 2.000 other women have joined her
to charge Western Electric with illegal x bias. It is [lusslhlL‘
more women - those discriminated against in their jobs or
those rersed employment at the Kearny plant ~ttlso w illlioin
the suit. The issue of damages - how much Western Electric
must pay Ms. Kyriari and other women who prove they were
hvrn by sex bias~stillawaits trial. Western has anrtounccd its
intention to contest eaclv woman 's damage claims on a case-
by-cnsc basis.

 

Anouud Campus

Bored of Regents?

Ever wonder what really goes on behind the closed doors
oftbc Board of Regents.) You'll have yourchancu to find ottt
this week. The Board will hold riteclirigs Wednesdav‘.
()ctobcr l7-I"riday October l9lll. with Chancellor l‘hcodoi’e
M. Black presiding. All standing committee rucclings are
open to the public. with the esccption of the Professional
Discipline Committee. On Wednesday. the l'lcntcntarv.
Secondary. and Continuing Education. and Higher arid
Professional Education committees will meet. lhc sessions
will continue on Thursday with meetings of the Cultural
qucation. Professional Discipline. and Administrative
law and Education committees.

A Successful Weekend

Low Support For Cheap Fuel

WASHINGTON (AP) Leaders of a "Campaign for Lower
Energy Prices" are making ﬁnal preparations for protests
Wednesday in los cities. but their bid to restore Oil and gas
price controls is ﬁnding little support in Congress. Even
though heating oil prices have nearly doubled since last
winter and natural gas prices are climbing above the rate of
inflation. Congress seems disinclined to slap lids back on
either ofthese fuels. A series ofpro-decontrol votes last week
in the House. regarded the more sympathetic of the two
chambers toward energy price controls. appears to
underscore this reluctance. Fights overoil-gas price controls
have been bitter and numerous in Congress. with decontrol
advocates gradually emerging as the victors. Now there
seems to belittle enthusiasm on either side for returning to
the battlefield. Standing a better chance of success is
legislation being pushed by the Carter administration to
provide about $2.5 billion in additional federal assistance to
Itelp low-income households pay their fuel bills this winter.

Somoza Rages At America

"01'. 'I'ON (AP) Anastasio Somo/a. the ottstcd president
of Nicaragua ys the United States is to blame for the
Sandinista takeover of his cotrntry. because "tlie U.S. put a
gtrrt at my head.“ In a copyright interview in Sunday‘s
editions of the Houston Chronicle. Sumo/a said President
Carter and Scerctary of State Cyrus Vance were most
responsible lor his ouster. "Never in my wildest dreams."
Somo/a said. “did lrhink the ILS. would be part ofa plot to
place their strongest ally and supporter in the hands of the
communists." lllc former president said he was shocked
when (‘artcr appeared on television and said neither the
United States nor Cuba were involved in the overthrow of
his government. "Jimmy Carter is a pitiful liar." Somo7a
said. "He is a fool and lacks the intelligence to be president."
In \\’ashington. White denied comment.

 

 

Acad. Honor Code Suspected

WEST POINT. N.Y.(Al‘) The US Army said Monday it is
studying a response to West Point cadets who have
questioned the Army‘s decision to reinstate a cadet who
allegedly \iolatcd the ttcadcmy's honor code. The case has
raised the ﬁrst serious questions about the code at the United
States Military Academy since the I976 cheating scandal
that implicated l5! cadets. It also has rai ‘d questionsubout
attitudes within the academy toward social contact between
male and fcmalcxadets, In April. sophomore cadet Moses
G. Davis was found grrilty by a cadet honor board oflyingin
connection with art incident last December involving a
"female plebc." or freshman cadet. Davis was chatting with
the plcbe Ill the doorway other room in their coed barracks

 

Medieval Preview Downtown

 

"Sounds Medieval." a workshop and performance of
medieval and Renaissance music will trike place at the
Albany institute of History and Art October lllat I'll) put
Instrumental. vocal. and dance csihirions will he lcalured:
0 lb; Itisyittrtc is also sponsoring a lecture by Jean (iimpel
.llcriiilniiu.hiirilil siicri‘kniirfiliiiprii‘e (ii‘cl'iinii‘h‘, “with?”
h I I . L of medieval
inventiveness rrt relation to the industrial revolution and
current technolog ‘ decline. Iloth pr scututions‘ arc

 

  
     

 

 

DATEliNE: Oorobert 1 'i, 1979

when another cadet.actingas C0. or charge ofquarters. and
him to leave. As he left. Davis turned to the woman and said
“When are you and I going to become better fricndgf" 1, m.
CQ wrote him up for fraternizing and Davis recei\ed seven”
demerits. Two months later. he was charged with lying h),
denying that he made the statement.

Nuke Security Causes Alarm

BUCHANAN. N.Y. (AP) Despite their forbidding
appearance. the two nuclear power plants at Indian Plum
are vulnerable toa terrorist attack because the (tpcrnlorv my
on ill-trained guards and faulty security systcrm in,
protection. present and former guards say, “It would take
one commando or one well-trained wacko to go In. inllrcr
heavy damrrgc and leave vvithotrt being detected." sltltl one
former guard at the complex. “To go in at nighttime.
eliminate the guards and seiIc and hole the entire plum
would take eight to l2 men. The way it's set up now_1hm\
nothing to stop them." he sttid. Responding to allcgatron.
contained iii an Associated Press series on security at lllL'
entire Indian Point complex. John S. Dyson. chairman or
the stttlc Power Authority. said Sunday that he htts"llllllrrlvd
discussions" to see il state police can step in to prtnttlu
security assistance at the compch and at the authority's
plant near Oswego. Clil'fSpicler. spokesman for the Power
Authority. said the authority was “looking toward the
possibility of obtaining actual (state police) lrtttlpcts in.
actual duty at the plant." Ile would not say whether pilllt’v'
would be replacements for or additions to the cvrsllng
guards. Dyson snitl the authority also has hired a lt‘aru of
experts to take an independent look at security.

Harvard Grads Get Nobels

STOCKHOLM. Sweden (AP) The I979 Nobel Prize in
physies was awarded today to two Americans and .
‘ ani and the chemistry mile to art American and .r
West (icrmnn as U.S. scientists again this year dominated
the prestigious internatioruil awards. A total offour ot'scvcr'
laureates selected for the tltrce I979 science pir/t-s .u:
Americans. the same number as last year. The physics pit/r
was awarded to Professors Sheldon I.. (ilashovv and Sic-tun
Weinberg. both 46. of Harvard. and Abdus Salarn. 5.1. .r
Pakistani physicist working in London and Trieste. ltnlv . lot
studies aimed at ttnlocking the mystery of forces that hold
matter together. They believe their work may eventually rind
a single force underlying the universe. The chemistry pu/L'
was awarded t ‘ Professors Herbert C. Brown. 07. or Purdue
University. West Lafayette. Ind.. and George Wittig. sl, ol
the University of Heidelberg. West Germany. tor lhcn
development of chemical tools for synthesizing orgtllllt'
compounds.

 

and referral ser\ ices. both of w hich a re under lltc super \ N0”
ofa qualified staff. The hot-line and walk-in ccnrcr meopctl
Monday. Tuesday. and Friday from ll noon to o p or null
Wednesday and lhtrrsday frorn 3 pm. to 9 pm

Alumni Parades To Prize

Despite cold and rainy \\‘t:ttlhcr.closc to hit) .'\lll|tllll ()n-Id
residents marched three miles rip \\’ashingron \vt-nrn-
l:r~iday. £15 Pill‘l tif SUNY \‘s I979 llomccouung |‘.u.ult-
celebration.

AIM“) Vlll' Police blocked off the strch .unl lull lllt‘
cinmm'tlt‘ “I lL‘II decorated cars. a decorated bus. .rn v‘lr'I It'd
k'l‘E "ml villk'v‘n. and hundreds of singing and til.|llll”l"
students.

 

After a cheering contest on the uptown crrrrtl""“ 5| \\ \
l’rcsidcnt \ cent D'l cury‘ congratulated the |I\v"\ “will
and bestowed upon its members the title of "Him “mm-ll
Quad“ ol the Homecoming.

lt'vvas also the first time in many verus that the Anti“1 “'“l
participated in homecoming festivities.

 

 

 

 

 

ﬁtters-Etu-cs-t . . .

  

 

SUNY Chancellor (‘Iil’ton Wharton spoke to students last Friday.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Alllll'l‘.l‘.thI},’ Illt' prob/cm ofvlmlt'n/ rt‘prr-vt'mulmii.

I’liom: It’mumc A'u/qut/

A

M4“. r.» U4. .-.\..

Wharton Favors Alumni. On Board

 

by Wendy Greenﬁeld

SUNY Chancellor Clifton
Wharton has refused to publicly
commit himself to the support of
legislation which would scat three
SUNY alumni on the Board of
Trustees. Wharton's responses to
student questions were primarily
noncommittul during Friday‘s
SUNY—witlc Media Conference.

Altliotrgh Wharton would not

discuss the prospect of a bill. be
favored support for SIINY alumni
on thc'l rustcc Board. "We will try to
find one more alumni.“ he said.
- According to Deputy to the
Chancellor for l.cgi lati\c Relations
llcrb (iordon. there is presently no
legislation being 'introduccd
permitting SllNY alumni I“ sit on
the lloard,

"I don‘t see a need for legislation."
said (iordon. "It would be a Iltisttlkc
to involve the
administrative decisions involvingI
SllNY."

legislator in

Central Council Reviews UCC

 

Committee To Be Restructured

by Laura Fiorentino

Mass programming events. such
as Fallfest and SUNYA‘s lltnnan
Awareness Program (l'lAl’l). will he
poirtls of consideration as Central
Council reviews the Univ ty
Community Committee (UCC).

Au offshoot of Student
Association. UCC. designed to deal
with university activities. is
currently being evaluated by the
Council.

"Central Council is divided as to
whether the [ICC should remain
part of SA or be a totally separate
group." said Central Council Vice
Chair llrinn levy.

A bill. proposing the restructuring
of UCC. was presented by Council
Itictttbcrs in favor of making lltc
committee a separate group.

“It is not the obligation of the SA
to be mvol\cr| in these proiccts. It
should be a separate grottp. People
in SA vvcrc putlrngnll theirliine into
l'trlllcst. We can't have members

 

devoting time to these projects. lhcy
are needed in other matters." said
Council member lra Somach.

Levy said restructuring llCC
outside ol SA leaves nothing really
being accomplished. The UCC
should be kept in SA and htrill up.
SA should be responsible for
bringing the university community
together."

According to |.c\y. the UCC was
established by SA at the beginning
til this )L‘ul as an "ad hoc"
committee. Chairman ul Central
Council Mike lcvy. appointed .lirii
Castro Blanco as llCC chair with
Stcv c Cos asn member. l'aillcsl was
designated as tltc group‘s lirst
,prtuccl.

Complications with l-alllcsr
resulted. however. when the
administration did riot approve its
format. I i\cSA lcndcrs went to \'rcc
President of University Allairs Mike
Welsh to appeal to lllL'
administration.

    

.Iim ('astro-lllaltco.
.l/rlmlrli/Is l'u/l/t-vl was :1 .\llt't't’.\\.

"Since only two members were on
UCC crunlttitlcc orhvr SA lllL‘lltliL‘ls
bad to get rnvo|\crl in l'ttlllcsl. lhrs
rs \\|rt'tc the problems cann- in
Important SA leaders wt-rcdcvottng
all lllt'll Illllt‘ to l'nlllcsl \vbcri llicy
ltntl other rcspousrbrlilrcs." said
lcvv. "I lct'l that H vvc resttuctrnctl
“(1‘ by making II a large group
)vitlrin SA it would work out. llut. II
their are only two people inn group.
ol courst' others will ltt|\c to get
involved."

According to Council incruht-r
.lun Castro lllanto. l-rrlllrsl was a
success in that it created a sense ol
"togetherness." "l alllcst gave a
certain personal t|ll;|l|l) to thi-
campus. Administrators. faculty
and students were all having a good
time together. tltcrr relationship
wasn‘t impersonal anymore. 'I his is
one ol the reasons | feel it is
important to maintain this
committee in SA. It is the function
of SA to provide this type of
convivial atmosphere."

Castro lllnnco has resigned as
chairman ol UCC because he
wanlcd the committee to “stand on
its own right.“

“In a 7-H vote it was decided that
the Council will evaluate the UCC

Gordon said it is not necessary to
mandate g 'lation because the
Governor has the power to elect
alumni to the Board. “The thing to
do is encourage the Governor."
Gordon said.

Strident Association of the State
University (SASU) Communica-
tions Director Larry Mttllin stated
the need for mandated legislation.

"Students have to go to the
legislative root when the Trustees
have not acted in the best inrerest of
students.“ Mirlliri said. "The
Governor apparently does not find
the SllNY community on irnporlartr
enough constituency to yield to the
demand that alumni bcappointcd to
the lrustt'e Board."

Chancellor Wharton addressed
the issue regarding student voting
status in college conuuunitics. "l scc
it as a problem that sttrtlcntstuc not
allowed to vote irt their college
community." he said. “liach
community should determine its
own \olittg policy.“

According to SASll President
Sharon Ward. the Countv board of
l'lections often thlllL sttrdcnls
\oting rights itr their college
communities. Section ISI of the
New York State Election Laws
states that a student caririol gain or
lose residency 

 

 

 

 

m the event of
temporary absence from domicile"
vvhil' attending college. Permanent
residency in a community is required
irt order to obtain voting rights.
Ward said that students should
have the tigltt to vote because they
pay taxes. livc iii college

But Refuses To Support Legislation

communities for nine months out of
a year. and are affected by local
political decisions.

“For students. it is important who
is elected sheriff. how local
candidates feel about anti-grouper
laws and housing codes. and
whether or not local politicians will
take an active stand on issues like
tuition ctrts. program cuts. rind
campus cuts.“ Ward said.

Wharton responded to questions
concerning the possibility of
increasing federal government
funding of SIINY programs. Since
New York State is‘ currently
attempting to patch itself up
economically. he explained llicrc
will not be much of an increase for
SIINY in the way ol lcdcrol funds.
Wharton suggested such luntlirig
alternatives as aid Irorti local
governments and private industries.

Wharton said he hasn't changed
his prisilittli on SIINY divestment irt
South Alrictr. While he does not
support divestment. he said. “I am
strongly opposcrl to the government
in South Africa. He added that the
United Nations should put pressure
on the Sotulr Alrican government
\itt economic sanctions.

Associate Director lor Special
Programs David Als. Vice.
Chancellor for Capital l‘acilities
()scur lanl'ortl. Vice-Chancellor lor
liducnlionul Services James Smoot.
nnvl Vice-Chancellor lor Finance
and Business llarry Spindler were
among those speaking at the
conference.

 

 

in record prices

   
 

ycat‘s pricc til
at grcalcr profit

Récbrd Makes Blamd
For Co-Op Price Hike

"We are only responding to a Innnulacturcr"s raise in price." said
Record (‘o—op Amy Aurbach. in defense ol the Record Co-op‘s raise

Regular record album prices are now‘ $5.l7. in comparison to last
.79, Aurbach said tltc co~op is“dcfinilcly not riiaking
he added that the co—op is a non-profit organi/ation
which means any “prolit” is used to buy more records.

"We are actually looking less ofa profit. probably because students
are less likely to buy records at $5.|7." Aurbach said.

Students have lsstrcd complaints regarding the prices. stating
records can be purchased at a cheaper price in .lust-A—Song. The
Central A\cnue record store apparently sells many albums for $4.99.

 

 

 


t
l
i

 
    
  
  
 
   
   
 
    
  
  

"’l he roan who owns .lust—A—S‘ung is the same ruan who distributes
ince he has a larger clientele. he can
he added the co-op is more accessible

previews of the upcortting Medieval Part. to he held
Saturday. Vovcmbcr .lrtl.

  
 

 
 

 

tor a two week period to determine
its future. We‘ll take a look at it.
structure it and see how it cart

 

 

  
  

otrr records." said Attrbnch. “
afford to sell records at $4.99.

 

 

Community University Day and ParenIs‘chkend were a

   

success. according to SA President l.isa Newmark.“We had
a tea problems because it was on the we end of a Jewish
holiday. and there was also a problem in deciding what
students were to he on the discussion panel. Hot in gcncutl.
the weekend went very well." said Newrnark.

Ihe SA rrrn program included tours. demonstrations.
lectures. and a breaklast on Sunday w'rth President (l'l eary.

 

 

Sex Info. Available

'l he Sexuality Resource Center provides students with
inforuuttion and aid in the areas ul birth control. venereal
disease. homosexuality. rape. and sexuality. Lounrcd in 105

 

q,.hm.l..r Hun or Dutch Quad. the center oflers counseling

J.S.C. Hillel Offers Courses

Inlormal. iron credit. and - best ol all - ltcv‘ courses lIIL'
l’L'llltl conducted in the Campus ('t‘ntcr lhr t'ttutsv's.
‘p‘mh‘lrc‘l l‘)‘ JSC Hillel. arcopcntoanyonrat Sl \\ 'Mllld
iu the Albany cornruuriity. .ISt.‘ llillcl's tllll'tll\t' Is to
"provide art opportunity for learning about n variety ol
“’l‘lv's and issues about .Iud'iisru." t'lass llllt's range from
"-lc‘Vl‘l‘ l llv‘ ('velcs“ to "Jewish ("rolls "

Central Council \‘ice
Thu ('Iit‘vi'rvi/r ('

 

OCTOBER to. I979

('liulrnnut Ilriun Levy.
.numuuur ("runmiln't' i.\ not (‘I' t'vrr tuition.

 

 

work."atldct| Castro lllanco,
()tlicr plans for “(1' include a
campus witlc catnpaigri against
litter. Winter Carnival and record-
breaking musical chair contest.

contemporary recordings.

.lttst A—Song.“ Aurbach said.

 

- ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

to students and has a large selection of inexpensive. semi-popular

“Sonic ol our records are only $1.75. You Won't find that price at

 

— Susan Milllgan i

PAC 2 THREE

  
 
   
   
   
 
  

     

 

