     
  
   

  
   

 

 

 

World Focus

 

by Japhet M. Inn:

The so—called Constitutional referendum by
the Rhodesian whites. has come and it has
gone. Mr. Ian Smith's package on the so-
called internal settlement or agreement was
endorsed by better than 80 percent of the white
voters.

This grandstand exercise in futility has been
seen for what it is. Nothing has changed the

situation inside or outside of Zimbabwe.
Events, as ordained by the political situation“

keep pointing the way to the future of this
beloved country.

As ifthe referendum had not taken place or
maybe because of it, further escalation of the
liberation war in Rhodesia continues with sore
intensity. The government is doing everything
to beef up its military forces including the
acquisition of more arms from South Africa
and NATO, accelerated pace of mercenary

recruitment of Europeans and Americans and
stockpiling of oil reserves.

In spite of all these timid efforts, over 90
percent of the country has been placed under
martial law (Southern Africa. February I979).
The severest pain on the side ofthe regime are
large chunks ofland that have been lost to the
liberation forces. The forced emigration of
whites continues to pick up pace. Accordingto
reliable sources based on government records.
about 3.000 whites left Rhodeisa in the month
of December. I978. Only 160 took their

places. At the beginning of this year. in an
attempt to deal with its manpower headaches.
the regime. for the ﬁrst time extended its
conscription cal! to Africans. The hidden
motive here is not that “cool”. It is an open
secret that there are four army units in the
Rhodesian military tapestry. The trick here is
that the response from the Africans is likely to
be favorable since the call will include the
voices of the three “b!acksmiths" in the
cabinet. Another is that ifand whenthe young
Africans join the army. they can easily
distributed among the three army generals.

It is obvious that the trick did not fool
anybody. A total of I544 Africans were called
up and only 300 registered. Ironically. of the
l500 white youths called up. about 434 did not
register. According to the observations of the
Catholic Commission for Justice and Peace in

Rhodesia. the activities of the private armies
mentioned earlier are reaching alarming
dimensions. In its December newsletter. the

  

Rhodesia: Bew
the Ides of March

      
 

 

 
 

ox.

are

Commission says. “These armies have been
built up by certain members of the
transitional government to justify their claims
to guerilla support. but it could be for other
sinister reasons.

Reports coming from areas in which these
armies operate are distressing. People are
tortured and killed for no reason. hardly any
women have escaped the armies' desires and
the food situation will be critical in a short
time." For the first time a number of foreign
countries are making serious contingency
plans to house white Rhodesian refugees.
Such arrangements are already afoot in South
Africa and Australia.

It is. interestingly enough. in this
background that an article appeared in the
Washington Post. The author. David
Offaway. reported that the strong lobby on
Rhodesia in the U.S. Congress is optimistic

about convincing the Caner Administration
about the merits of lifting the sanctions
against rebel Rhodesia. (Southern Africa,
I979).

According to the story, the arch-lobbyist in
the Senate. Jesse Helms (D—N.C.) is confident
that 42 of his colleagues will go along with
him. The Home is said to be easier target for
the Rhodesians. Since Ian Smith's visit to the
U.S. in October, the gentlemen on the Hill
have been shifting gears on the game of
conditions. Rhodesia will no longer feel the
weight of sanctions on it if:

0The leadership supports an all-party
conference.

OThere is an installation of international
observers.

0Liberation forces leaders are invited to
join the internal settlement group.

'Frce elections are held.

It is evident that. whereas the diplomatic
tossing that American politicians are engaged
in may be self-serving. it is of no substantive
consequence to the masses of Zimbabwe. The
African is reminded of the abandoning of the
Africans to the Boer atrocities by Britain
allowing the white Rhodesians to have a free
hand on how they treated "their Africans” in
I965 rather than punish the rebels for having
spit on her face. It seems that the American
leadership is vigoroust championing a cause
that would lock up the whole of Southern

Africa in a perpetual racial commotion.

 

 

 

 

, ...,,......~..... .7, v. -. .ms...

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

T icket$

To the Editor: '

I am writing in reference to the upcoming
Dan Fogelbcrg concert. I understand that ll is
being offered through Concert Board and
C05, our school radio station. The price of
the tickets are $7.00 for students with tax card.
I find this outrageous. I cannot believe that
Dan Fogelbcrg is so expensive that such a high
price be asked. The whole idea of student
taxes. I thought, was to bring beneﬁts to the
students at minimal prices. I realize inﬂation
has has hit every aspect of our lives but this
seems like a tremendous injustice. At these
prices one cannot consider this a “school
concert“ when one considers that a group of
musicians (i.e. The Grateful Dead)cost$9.00 '
pcrseat at Madison Square Garden —S7.00 for
Dan Fogel rcrg through University Concert
Scar" seems absurd.

I welcome any response. or explanation
UCB could offer.

7' Maureen Fine

PLO At Albany

To the Editor:

As two members of Central Council it is
with great embarrassment that we witnessed
last Wednesday's meeting. The bill on the
floor was to save the students $400.00 of their
tax money. It involves funding a Palestinian
Liberation Organization speaker. There right
to speak on this campus was not being
questioned. as first amendment rights applies
to all. even to such gross violators of basic

 

 

 

human rights as the PLO.

What was in question was how Speakers
Forum and the International Students
Association saw it necessary to bestow a
$400.00 honorarium on a speaker from a
group who is recognized as a violent
revolutionary organization. In debate it was
clearly presented that the speaker would speak
for free. but both the International Students
Association and Speakers Forum saw the
need to give away such a large unnecessary
sum for his presence on campus. Ofadditional
interest is that when the original talks of an
honorarium began the figure of only Sl00 was
mentioned.

We respect Central Council‘s decision to
uphold this speakers right to come to this
campus for both freedom of speech and the
fact that it would be an educational experience
for some. Council's refusal to question the
need of financial support for this speaker is
incomprehensible. He would have spoken for

 

free, the students would have saved $400.00. As
another councilmember stated. the next time
the PLO sets off a bomb killing a group of
innocent people we can all think it was
unnecessarily Student Association Funded.

Marvin Fuhrman Alumni Quad Rep
Gary Schatsky Dutch Quad Rep
Central Council Members

Alas, Poor Alumni

To the Editor:

Once again you've done it! Why are you so
predictable? I‘m writing about your tendencies
to ignore the fact that there is a downtown
campus that is alive and ﬂourishing.

In your March |3th issue, along with your
previous issues, you list the standings of the
Intramural Basketball League in its cntirity.
Or is it?

Alumni Quad has two leagues that do
indeed participate in intramural basketball.
Why is it that we have never gotten any
recognition? These teams are good enough to
compete alongside of the top teams in the fotir
uptown leagues. and should at least be
considered as more than playground fanatics!

I don‘t believe that you have the position to
decide on who is important enough to list or
the standings. All teams involved should be
included or else the listings should be excluded
completely!

Jeff Gartncr

Editors note: The intramural rankings
appearing in the March IJIh issue ofthe ASP
ii'erefurnt'shcd by the A MIA. The ASP would
be most happy to print downtown league
rankings that are submitted to us.

Call To Arms

To the Editor:

Concerning the rally/demonstration onthc
capitol tomorrow, you can be atypical Albany
asshole and say “I can'th. l have a test." (ll.
"1 can't miss that class." Bullshit! You can too
miss one day of classes! Is one class worth
$300? That's what the tuition hike will ht"
Don't say to me “You'll accomplish nothiritl-"
Well. if you don‘t march you know you'll lost"
the light. But it you show up, we just nrittl”
win!

Some of you can just ask your daddy to
write it larger checque next semester. We”.
some of us can't ask our daddies! Where‘s my
old man getting $300 from?

As for the infamous Albany Japs; you huVL’
a stake in this too. The $300 you might save
can 80 to more expensive earrings, shoes.

 

 

 

 

FEIFFER

 

IN‘EENSITNE'

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

" editOrial '

 

 

 

 

 

 

makeup, etc.

For those of you who have a taste for the
finer things in life such as Heinekens and
Columbian; better get used to Genessee and
Mexican dirt when you gotta pay higher bills.

Stop being lazy and non—caringfor oneday.
Even if we don't win the fight you're sure to
make some new friends.

Japs. take off your heels and put on some
sneakers. Partyers, get stoned and take a stroll
downtown. And everyone else. too. Please,
man. You‘re being robbed and you ought to
give a shit.

Mike Raskin

Reflections
Revisited

To the Editor:

After reading Eric Paige's “Reflections on
lndependant Education." I feel compelled to
present the other point of view. First ofull, the
implementation of certain course
requirements does not stem simply from a
capricious desire for change. There is a very
definite purpose for the proposed innovation.
Lately it has become evident that people are
graduating from college with a very narrow
and limited scope ofknowledge. This fact has
been observed and studied by many
individuals on several separate occasions.
While one course will by no means make
someone an expert on a given area, it will have
certain very advantageous effects. It will
introduce students to new ideas and new
problems. A Yale graduate wrote recently that
because of the liberal system at his college a
few years ago he totally neglected certain areas
of study and concentrated only on what he
enjoyed. Today he regrets his misjudgmcnt
very deeply.

Similar mistakes can be avoided if colleges
would implement a certain amount of
structure in their programs. The proposals to
be delivered by the Special Conmittee on
Undergraduate Education (SCUE) will
hopefully provide students with a simple
framework around which to plan their
undergraduate education. The requirements
will represent only a small fraction of the
student‘s total course load. By experiencing
several different areas of knowledge. the
individual will more likely appreciate the
historic tradition that the term university

represents. He‘ll also know a little more. For
these reasons the proposed changes are a very
good idea. '

David Bregman

iSUNYA
Students Unite!

To the Editor:

A long time ago there was a wild dream that
became a wonderful reality in this state. It was
called free public Higher Education. A dream
to build leaders, and a society. with an eye
toward the future, using the mind as the tool to
carve this great work of art. It grew. it
flourished, it became the symbol of the ability
of a state to use and not abuse the intellect of
its youth, its future core.

Today we see this dream slowly fading into
oblivion as its shining ideals turn yellow and
crumble like the old pages of the legislation
that made the University a reality.

There was another wild dream in the decade
of the I960‘s that also became a reality. It was
called social awareness and student power.
The nation‘s youth became the vanguard ofa
movement of social education and change
unlike any seen in this county before. There
were causes and leaders of fire and wit who
motivated their peers into action. It worked.

Today that dream also slowly fades.
Students are no longer the vocal advocates of
a just society. rather they are being relegated
to the status of second or third class citizens
and are rapidly becoming nothing more than
another of the politically impotent and silent
oppressed minorities in the country. Thetime
of rationzilizing this inaction on our parts is
over.

When you talk money you talk politics.
When you talk power, you talk politics. When
you talk public education. you talk politics.
The time for political action is upon us!

A people without action liVein stagnation.

A people without dreams live in a
nightmare.

A people without hope have no future.

We have our change and we must use it
now!

Let us be one voice, louder than the petty
quarrels of politicing buffoons. We will show
our strength together and we will WIN
together. Be one and RALLY. March 2!.

James Castro- Blanco

Those Green Monsters

To the Editor:

The bus service has been terrible this year.
First of all. because the student ridership has
increased for in excess of the extra services
provided by a few new buses. Secondly. the
new breed of bus drivers are better termed
"zombies," udummies," "thoughtless" than
such warm terms as friendly. considerate and
helpful as portrayed in last year‘s CDTA
takeover protest by students. There are still
sortie bus drivers whom many students can
identify with. They welcome you aboard. they
say au revoir and they sometimes risk
accidents to stop or wait for running, puffing
students.

But those are superior actions; tniiny drivers
don't come close to ﬁlling their job
expectations. This year there are many new
drivers and part timers. A veteran driver,
Chuck, of‘come onin gang‘ fame commented,
“It's terrible. in the 99 years I've been in this
business I‘ve seen guys come and go like
revolving doors. Most of the drivers-we have
now can't hold a dumnjob. Some specifics are,
they don't care about the printed schedule.
thus they leave when they want." Just as
Chuck said this the bus in front pulled away.
Chuck shook his head and said. “He wasn't
supposed to leave for another five minutes."

Every student has a story ofa husthnt never
Came. It's hard to hide those green monsters.
but there are ways; Inst Wed nesdny night a girl
student complained to a driver at the circle,
"l'vc been waiting out here for 40 minutes. the
|0120 p.m. Wellington never came, do you
know where he is‘I"Thedriver smiled and said.

about it bus that did come by at IUI20. She said
“It was an alumni bus. but the driver looked
like the guy who usually is on the Wellington
route." That's one way to hide a bus.

Another typical story is the “I was 20 feet
from the bus and I can‘t believe he pulled
away." Last week! wanted to get offat Colvin.
so did two other riders. We all yelled ‘Colvin‘
fairly loud. but the driver kept going. I
couldn't believe it. About a half block later I
screamed at the top of my lungs. ‘Colvin’. But
the driver. a short guy, always wearing his blue
hat said. ‘lt‘s too late for Colvin' " (Thus. my
reference to Zombie at the beginning of the
article).

I'm trying to tell this little story in a
humorous fashion, but the buses are not
always funny. It's not funny in the morning
when two or three full buses pass you by. in
sub zero weather. It's not funny when a bus
pulls out from the circle empty and five
minutes later 200 people try to pile onto one
bus.

Scheduliugshonld lit demand. More buses
should be active in the morning. 'I‘ucsdny and
Thursday classes and MWF classes deserve
different schedules. I'd like to see one
Ilriiversilyemployec freeze with us at the circle
and nioniter student trtiflic iit different hours
of the day.

Scheduling inefficiency. ftitid deficiency.
and decreasing driver competence are all
adding tip to II problem that is extremely
bothersome to ii good part oftlte Albany State

population.
_ Todd Davis

 

 

 

 

 

GIVE A DAMN!

We have, as they say, laid our cards on the table. We have organized
and planned a peaceful rally, to fight what we have decided is an
unnecessary tuition hike. Teachers, students and media have become a
temporary one, in the hopes of using their power in numbers as a uniﬁed
body to reveal to the Legislature their heart felt opposition to this
uncalled for hike. We can do it. It can be defeated. A thousand meak
voices can join together to form one powerful roar of opinion. But we
must rally.

This Wednesday, we are rallying, for the sole' purpose of getting our
voices heard by the people who can decide whether tuition can go up or
not. And if we have succeeded in our pre-rally publicity campaign, then
those people will know about this rally. and they will be watching it
closely. Peering out from their spacious offices. they’re gonna wonder
what the hell really is going on with this here student rally.

Now if they look out and see a handful of die-hard SA people, a
quorum of devoted Council members, and some idealistic media
members, then they’re gonna stop peering outjust about as fast as they
can close the curtains. But if they look out and see all those just
mentioned, and a few thousand other people into fixing this problem,
then they’re gonna take a second look. And a third. And maybe, after
that. we might just convince them.

It may all be in the cards, but ours are on the table.

They Have Our Rights

Just as we have the opportunity to sit here and pontiﬁcate to you with
the freedom of the First Amendment, the PLO deserves the same rights
.0 speak as freely as they wish, their beliefs. their opinions, and their
ideals, however destructuve and inhuman they might be.

Central Council wisely defeated a Resolution that would have
prevented a member of the PLO from speaking at SUNYA. which
would have been a direct violation of rights, to them, and to anybody
that would want to hear what they have to say.

It is our right to call the PLO destructuve and inhuman, but it is their
right to tell us that they think we‘re wrong. We place our faith in the
minds of those who are listening, and trust that they will make a wise and
thought-out personal decision, as to who to believe, and who's side to be
on.

We cherish our right to object. We must also cherish our right to be
objective.

Quote of thg gay;

“He’s a freshman, god bless hlm..."
—Track Coach Bob Munsey, elated

 

 

 

 

 

 

JAv B. Giser. Editor-in-Chief

News canon . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .M.J. MBMMOTT
AssoCiArs news mitosis .CIIAllIJlS BELL. WENDY GREENFIELD, MICHELE [SRAEL
Asrrzcrs soiron . . . . . . . , . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . BRIAN Kun'rzan .
SPoars EDITOI . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . PAUL SCHWARTZ
AssocrAr: srosrs roi'ros . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . DAVio OsaoitN
EotroiuAL errs EDITOR . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Eatc SALZINGER
STAFF walrus: Bill Beeshus. Richard Behar. Robert Blasenstein, Mike Dunne. Maureen
(ieorge, Chip Goldberg, Wendell Heddon, Ken Kunz, Steve Oster. Beth Sexer. Aron Smith,
Dehoralt Smith. Ashton Thomas. Jack Weinbaum AP MANAGERS: Lloyd Levenberg. Jesse
Schcrer lODIAC news: Laura Schmuh rsrvrrw PAGE: Diana Oruci Ants coonotNAron:
Stephanie Del Valle News EDITOIS mnrrus: Matthew Cox. Jill Haber. Tom Martello

DEIIII: Korr, Advertising Manager

Boerrss MANAGsii . . . . . . . , , , . . . . . . . . . . , . . . BENNY Bnown
Bruno; AccouNrANr . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . LISA APPLEIIAUM
rAvsort MANAGE! . . . . . . , . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . SUSAN Assr-zrr
's‘Aus rsssoNNm Steve Goldstein. Jeff Levitan, Richie Mermelstein CLASSIFIED Anvrsrrero:
Steve Mutter COMPOM‘I’ION: Sally Ann llrcclier. lluydcn Currnth, Amy Sours Au rirouucrimv
MANAosR: Steve (ioldstein An PloDllCTlttN: Edith Berelson. llildy Brand, Irene Firmat, Tom
Martello. l.i‘/ Rozwod orrtt‘tz: Rosemary (iross, Ruth 'I'crill PAGE Parr: Leslie Appclhuum

MARTY VUXDVICII, Production Manager
ROIIN GOLD-no, * Co— Production Manager

LURAINIE LIlIlEilATORI!

’l‘vrtNo ('ooautNAroit
PATRICK Love

VERTICAL CAMERA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , .

mm or: Leslie Appclhrium. Miriatn Epstein, 5 lGriIli. Jill Meyerson thsrs: Donna llandal,
Mindy Gordon, (heryl Kaufman. Clara Kuebl '. Marilyn Moskowttz. Ivy I’eltz. Beth Stone
PIOOFIEADEIS: Manny Alverer. )onnu Reicliner, Beth Simon

l'tturooiiAl-Itv. supplied prinr'lp dry by University Photo Service

   

ESTABLI: .llZD l9l6
The Albany Slllrlt'ltl Plus: is published every ’1‘: esrlay and Friday during the school year by the
Albany Student Press (.‘orpuratiun. an independent not-for-proﬁt organization. Editorial
policy is determined by the Editor-in-Chtsf and l.» subject to review by the Editorial Board.
Mailing: address: Albany Student Press, (.‘C129. I400 Washington Ave. Albany. N Y12222
(518)457-adt’2

 

 

 

 

 

..  'Wum «mucus-um“

 

 

 

