 

 

 

Almond CAMpus'

March On Knolls This Sqturday

 

   
   

Where Credit ls Due

And then there was that one special professor. that really
craaaazy one whom you 7] never forgcl... ' I .

lfyou‘ve got a favorite among the faculty. tltcrc 5 Still time
to give them the recognition that he or she deserves.
SUNYA's Undergraduate Academic Couiicrl has extended
the deadline for nomination of teaching iirrd professional
faculty for this year‘s SUNY Chancellor‘s Awards for
excellence until October Bist. Nominations. which need'only
to be in the forrn ofa note. may be submitted to the office of
Vice President of Academic Afairs David Martin. AD-203.

-Debhle Kopf

   

 
      

Photo: Suna S/cr'nkump

Career Day’s Coming

Confused about where you will be and wlrai you vvrll tlt

  
  
         
     
         
     
     
     
     
       
       

  
 

  
   

SA Court Voids Dutch Election

 

Justice Zaidins Cites Faulty Commission

by Debbie Kopf

Citing election irregtilarities as a
printary reason. the SA Supreme
Court irivalidatetl the election nftwo

Dutch Quad Central Council

Candidates. in ii hearing marked by
confusion
probleriis.
lit a dccisioti stated by Acting
Chief Justice Eric 2 iidin'

anti jurisdictional

the court
_--

 

 
   

lield tltai thcelcction eoiiitiiissioncr
is ultimately responsible for any
problems vvhieh occur.

“the people who are poll-sitting
should knovv their roles 'qtiite
clearly: it is evident thcydid not. The
problem with this election was not
the fault of the candidates it vv as the
tatilt of the commission." said
7' idiris. speaking for the court.

 

. w

   

l'nsucccssftil candidates Paul
Kastell and Steve 'l‘opril petitioned
the Cotirt. stating several
irregularities in built campaigning
aritl polling procedures.

"‘l’ltere were many problems."
l’opal told the Cotirt. "l'lie poll
sitters did not knovv bow to conduct
aii election. Election regulations
clearly state that no posters are

l

permitted in the polling area. and
there were many posters tip.“
Topal testified that certain
materials weren‘t conﬁscated and
several problems should have been

reported to the election
commissioner.
He furtlter argued that

regulations deﬁning the ilagroom as
the qtiad pollitig ar‘a were not
adhered to.

Confusion then resulted when
Election Commissioner Janet
Murphy took the stand arid agreed
to invalidate the election. After
tnttcli discussion. two recesses and
an almost futile attempt to find the
proper rules under vvliieb the
election was held. tllt‘ court decided
that it did have jurisdiction to rule
on the case and the proceeding
continued.
vvcic signs up." said
Murphy. “And the people polling
vvcre asked to leave. II the

 

knew the rules we.
wouldn't have this problem."
“It‘s not the commissioner’s

candidates

fault.“ she added. “It‘s the
candidates. Many of times the
candidates think the commissioner‘s
out to get them. but that's not the
case."

“It was her (Murphy‘s) duty to
make sure the signs were down. said
Eric Colon. a winner ofthc election.
“it takes SAa lotoftimc. manpower
and money to try and run an
election. and todiscrcdit it for one or
two mistakes iii the election is to
indirectly discredit SA."

(iloria Scarsoii. another winner of
the contested election. told the court
that the posters in question
“wouldn't have been wrong if the
elections had been held in the
t‘lrrgroom like they vverc supposed
to."

"llici'c was it lot of confusion."

t‘tlIl/llllll't/ on page .t'l.\'

 

 

 

 

   

   

    
     
   

after graduation‘.’ Career Day. sponsored by Delta Sigma Pi.
Speakers Forum. and the Classes of ‘tlll and ‘lll. is here to llcip
you find a place in life after senior yca' ’l he propmm m”
take place Wednesday. October list in he Campus ( curt-r

A rotcst against the Trident Nuclear Submarine will take
place this'Sunday at the Knolls Atomic Power Lab. near
West Milton. Only 2K miles front Albany. the Knoll site was

Wellington Plagued

     
 

chosen for the demonstration because it is where training lor
guidance of nuclear missiles takes place.

“We are opposing Knolls on two‘ grounds: ' ‘ r I 1
threat and the local ha7ards.“ said anti-nuclearacitivrsy'ant-
former U.S. Defense Department affiliateJolin L utrti. 
right to lifei to survival on this plilll‘lfl - is being thicattnu
by the activities of the government. . I i ‘

lii coniunctiori with the denuiristration. a walk for [1):
will takciplacc in West Milton on Saturday. October. ili.

“We are fast approaching a nucle

or arms race liniin lore."
said Ctitro. "We iirtist stop this race before

the global

 

 

 

it ends the human

race."

Rest Easy Poly-Sci Majors

About 300 political science majors slept better yesterday
alter SthYA‘s Departmentsol l’oliticalScienc -and lliiblrc
Affairs held an "advise-a-tlioii" in the Campus (enter
Ballroom. ‘

Representatives from both departments triloimcd
students about courses and internships. iti hopes ‘ ot
preventing confusion during the coming pi'ei'egtstriition

‘ I .

I’Lllilllllctll Science Department Chairman Charles ltlllltll‘l‘
called the event "a loi‘ccliil step toward better iitlvisciiiciil.

'l'he cirivvtl count of All" was c tllllCLl-hy Sll-N\A
Political Science Association Vice l" dcnt loin Wallace.

— L. l-‘iurenliiio

 

 

 

 

\
' State Worker Asbestos Tests 1

ALBANY N.Y. (Al') State health officials said 'l‘hitrsdriy
that some 5.000 state workers will be tested for possiblcjob-
related. over exposure to asbestos. A spokcspcrsonfor the
state‘s Office of limploycc Relations aid workers in state
power plants. prisons. mental hospitals and other state
facilities will be checked. "We're not getting cost estimated
froiu companies which provide portable Xa‘ay lllllls.“‘ iid
state Health Department representative Marvin Nailoi.
“But because of all the iitcetirtg between the various state
agencies irtvolved. it will be quite a few weeks before vvc
really get going.“ Coticcrn was prompted by the discovery-
that [4 workers iit art Albany power plant suffered lung
damage. possibly from exposure to asbestos. lls‘c ol that
substance in construction was banned iii I972 alter rt vvas
found asbestos could cause lung damage. The statewide
testing program was devised in a agreement bcivvccu the
state arid the Civil crvice thriployccs Association. X-t'ay
equipment in state facilities such as mental hospitals vvill be
used along with rtiobilc X-ray vans to any out the tests.
Nailor also said samples front 45 state buildings across New
York have been taken to determine the amount of asbestos
in the air. Nailor' said if studies on some of the 5.000 state

 

 

 

 

Pre-Law Fair, Peer Advisement

not only from SUNY A. bttt from as
converged upon the

Sonic Sill) students
lat avvay its l'lattsbtn‘gh and ()ncontri
Campus Center Ballroom last Saturday. I V

the event was SUNYA‘s first annual prc-law fair.
featuring representatives of lo law schools and three law
School Adrti' sioii ’l est (LSAT) preparation centers. ’l'hc
tlctttts and their assistants cariiearmcd with catalogtics.and a
vveriltb ol knowledge ol courses and campuses.

"I hope that this demonstrates that there is a viable pre-
law community within thi' school attd that it will encourage
more pr law programs here.“ said fair organi/er Charles
llicrici'. The representatives from the schools said that rt was
vvell-oi‘garvi/cd and that they would be glad to come back

   

 

 

 

next year."

"llarvard law School Dean Molly (icrahty said that this
is the most professional law school fair site'. it in many.
many vcars." said SUNYA l’ic-l.avv‘ Association President
Brad liotlthatiiii. "And she‘s been to an awful lot of them."

According to Itoilibaum. a representative liom
Washington. l).C.‘s (icorgetowii lavv'SchooI suggested that
the event be ruoved to larger quarters nest year.

"We hope to have more scltools next year." said llicner.
"We hope to btiild upon otir success iit future years. It‘s
certainly valuable to students. as they have no advisement

 

ItL‘IL'." I I I

|'rc-l.avv Association members also plan to initiate
another advisement program for SUNYA students headed
loi law school. l‘lt‘hllllltt‘ll and sophomores vvill soon be
receiving advisement from their uppei'classiiiaii
colleagues.

"Peer advisement includes vvlvat courses to trike. vvlrat
maiors. \vhat things to get involved iii attd things like that."
said Bicncr. “It probably won‘t be ill lull operation tiiitil the
spring. however." he said. “People have to be trained to

pch'

stilltv' t‘.\lclil."

—A. Siiiitlt

 

workers prove positive. similar testing of the facilities t‘rey-
worked in will be conducted.

Suicide? Call Cosmic Cleansing

CHICAGO (AP) 'l'hrcc firemen who run a cleaning business
iiv their spare time say they‘ve added a new service to meet a
gmwmg dcmﬂtld. ’l hey cl 'an tip ai'tcrsuicidcs.  ' limit»
runners in a new business concept.‘ said fireman Bill
Sheridan. "it's a necessary evil something that has to he
done." Colleague I‘arl Billish said the partners "treat our
service-with dignity. sort of like a funeral home." llrllisli.

Would CAPSUlES

r.

    

"big X“accouriting firms and various insurance agencies vvrll

companies. Brochures and informational lrtciritiirc vvrll be
available.

  

Ballroom from 9 run. until 4 p.m.

Representatives frotii over 50 companic including the

 

speak and will b' available for questions.
Discussion topics will include landing jobs. lllti|\ltltt.ti\
requirements. and recruitment policies of the lL‘sllt‘tlHt'

 

     

’1

Phi
Sith SUNYA

"Most oft/it‘s college is crmiprircrl o/‘nrirerulrli' lt‘I‘t’lr litrv’
The canipirv' ii' gross and Get] .v'cm me In Allin/ir- in llt'l/’ ll’
The students here have rejected the Lortl Jesus tlltil lltll‘r'
subrliiulcrl the Irulh for lies!"

His stocky physique was well-clothed in a suit uflrt-iirc his
voicc as crisp arid certain as the Bible he was writing

Tuesday‘s warm weather brought with it an L'\illltll'it‘l
from 'l‘crre llaute. lndiana by the name of .ch Smorl
Speaking the words of the Gospel in the call of lillllrl.
Smock both enlightened and entertained students loi brim»
on the podium.

His preaching drew quite a crowd until tvvo l'uivi-rsiiy
l’olice oflic rs. responding to a sttrdeui coiripl-trul.
demanded that lie obtain a speaker‘s permit o
month,

But since no SA leaders were available to grant Irrm a
permit. mid both SA and Catitptis Center trllii'rtils lvr'lt‘
unable to produce any written guidelines on HIV iwur'.
Smock decided to defy them all and return to the podium

Smock. who had journeyed into lSl) trips. election“
music. "ungodly carnal lusts."a commune in lvloroi'uI
llirrdvr philosophy before finding the lliblc. stud llttll llt' ll-“I
preached at over It‘ll campuses iii 30 states and titlt'l‘. \vil‘
silenced for lack of a permit. _ It. lit-bar

5K7
)Io: .Imt Ilia/get

   

  
    
         
   
  
    
    
   
  
  
  
 
  

i L Itlst‘ his

    
  
   
  
   
     
   

.iird

   
      

 

   
    
  

 

Sheridan and llob Kykstra. all in their riiul-fltl's. hiivc
operated rt conventional commercial cleaning and
decorating biisincssdui ingthcii'offdays tor ltlycirts. " l ltcii.
lb itioiitlis ago. vvc got our last suicide cleanup iolv." Itillisli
said iii an interview this vveck. “We've had thrcc more since.
lltc calls usually are lroiii people who remember its from
work we did loi tliciri Ill tltc past."'l'hc teavrr's business cards
read: "Cosiiric Cleansing Service. (‘oiiiiticreiiil a Residential
Cleaning. Also Spctralists iii Suicide ('lcriiriips."

Fed: States Keep Nuke Wastes

WASIIIN '(lN tAl') With tvvo ot the country .s llticr' low
level nuclear vvirstc ilrinips closed. the government in
planning toask governors to provide temporary storage sites

 

   
    
    

Dareliuc: Ocrobtsn 2'}, 1979

lltt irrlv

  
   
 

loi radioactive vvastc prodticcd Ill their ovvir states. it
said lhiii sdriy lliat could menucsttrhlishiircui ol ti-irqvor
storage sites in at least it do/cn states lll \\lll«il llt'tHI‘

percent ol the country's lovalcch nuclear \\it‘-lt' rs titml'“ ‘ ‘1}
luo ol the three US. sites for disposal ol Illlt‘lt'dl vv.vntv \H

closed this ttttttith. A diiriip iri “ashrnprou smit- vv.i-.
ht'cattsc iiullrol‘Ct l.\ packaged vvasit-svvt-rcliL'IIIl'tl"1l'r“""lI"

  

     
  
     
   

.i.... .r

  
 
    
   
 
  

r I v . . r .i ll -
litt' sire Allolllt‘i sitr'. Ill Nevada.vv.rstlosul.rrir r l.itiIvI q p
. . . .. t m
vvastc \tlt‘v discovered outside rlriirip lltllllltldltt- llrr I ll
- » . .  In
\llt'. in South t riioltntv. lv'lllitlllt'tl |l|lt ll llirir ill

   

    

ollicurls sarrl ironc ol the vvastcs that would irorriiallv l“’ "
Nevada or Washington could he sent lllL'lt‘ _

 

 

 

   
    
  
     
   
  
   
  
   
  
   
   
  
 
  
   
   
      
     
  
  
  
   

 

 

Photo: Mike Ftll'rt'l/

.SIur/cnl residents claim the building I'.v plagued by Illft‘t'. mac/rev. and priri-i-r/iiilurcr.

German Measles Outbreak
Hits SUN Y Bingham-ton

by Michael Fried

An outbreak of rirbcllii on the
SUNY Binghainton campus has left
one strident bedridden and iii least
24 others confined to their
dormitories.

No cases have been reported on
the SUNYA campus. according to
SUNYA Student Health Services
Director .larict llood.

“As of this inoineiii. there is no
(Health Department) laboratory-
confirmed infection ol rubella on
any campus in New York State."a
State llciiltli Department official
eoriiincrited Wednesday. “She

Academic Council Convenes
to Discuss Curriculum

by Betti Sexer

Changing graduation require-
ments rind improving undergrad-
uate tcacliitig were among topics
intodiscnssed at Wednesday's
Undergraduate (UAC) meeting.

The Council. composed of to
faculty members and students.
approved changes iii a 'adcmie
programs and credit requirements
for Bachelor of Arts (BA) and
Bachelor ol Science (BS) degrees.

(‘hanges iriiisi still heappi'oved by
the University Senate.

“We are recommending it change
in the requirements that M) credit
hours are taken on this campus fora
BA or BS degree.“ said ll'AC Chair
llltl'tlltl Cannon. Second semester
senior liaiislcrs iritrst spcirtl at least
tvvo sciiicstcr's in SI lNYA iii order to
obtain a degree.

llAC nicinbcr .lirii Mitchell said
the rule may ttol apply to
international students.

OC'I‘OBER'26. l‘)7‘)

added that she did not know the
results of local testing. or
whether any was done.

Rubella. known as the
(icrman measles. is a highly
contagious disease transmitted
through the air. According to the
SUNY liinghamton Strident Health
Service Director Werner Iipmitn.
tlie disease‘s symptoms include a
rash lasting frorii one to seven days.
some fever. muscular aches and
swollen glands.

"It is not serious unless it vvoman
who is pregnant or wants to become
pregnant within three Ittoltths

t.‘\t.‘ll

also

According to Central Council
Chair tlntl'UAC member Mike Levy.
“the ttiost important issue discussed
at the meeting was the tact that Dr.
Cannon felt we should be looking
the problem (it a luck or incentive for
good undergraduate teaching."

l‘roiriotions arrtl avviirtls. Levy
atldcd. are only presented to
teachers who have excelled in
research or have printed articles.
" I here is no real emphasis on good
teaching."

Mitchcll said. “Anytime there‘s
any kind ofincentivegivcii. it's given
to people who ltttvc been published
or have done research. l‘veu the
Chancellor Award for l:.\L't‘lll'llCC in
'l’eaching hits a requirement that the
teacher he published."

in addition. the [MC approved
the conversion of ilie computer
science and applied mathematics
iiitcrdiscipliiitiry piogi'iiiiis iiito

culil/Iiiii'r/ tlll page four

ALBANY

following the disease. gets it." said
Hood. “This could cause its
potential difficulties of tlie lctus.
()iicc yott get rubella." she added.
"you can't get it again."

There liiis been considerable
disagreement as to the precise
number of SUNY llinghamton
students who have contracted
rubella and whether these crises were
centered around a particular area of
campus. Pipe Dream. SUNY
Binghamton‘s student newspaper.
reported 2! cases as oI Monil' ‘
while l.iprnan claitrrctl 25 crises:
SUNY Binghainton's University
Relations office reported It) crises.
Both I’ipi' Dri'mnand the University
Relations agreed that the crises vvcrc
"widespread". while l.ipnian
insisted that. with the exception ol

 

continued on page .v‘i.\‘

    

Undergraduate Academic Council (‘liulr llrirold ('iinnoii
( (Ill/It'll Iran/r more Illt't'lllll't' [or your] ulIt/t'l'yl'llt/Iltllt' leaching.

STUDENT

 

Power Losses, Mice, Roaches

by Laura Florentino

llrc sudden appearance ol nucc.
I‘Uttt'llcs arid i'lccli'icol povvci latliiics
at the Wellington llolcl have raised
a series lll complaints lioni \llltlt‘lll
t't‘sttlt‘ttls.

"A number or
complained to me
their rooms

students have
about mice in
llic riirinagciiicrit has
iiiatlc air attempt to alleviate the
problem." said Wellington llotcl
resident ' sistarit laurcri Mct‘ccr.
“Mouse poison has been ptit into
every rooiii and nioiisv-tiaps vvere
supplied to those who had seen mice
in their rooms."

Wellington resident. l.ori Aranti
said she saw a iiiotrse running
around her room while .slie was in
bed. "it mode me very nervous."

lloicl management ptit mouse
poison under the radiator and
brought tip a iitoitscliap the
lollovving day. “Since that event l

 

have not seen .itrollici inoiisc.”siiid
.\t.rnti.

llotcl Wellington (icncral
Manach Rubi-n (iersowit/ helicvcs
llicsc problems are “rioriiiitl”. He
explained that students often lL‘tl\'L‘
loud in their rooms. attracting tltc
animals. "It specil'i “ally states in the
boarding contract that no food or
electrical equipment for cooking is
allowed in the rooms."

Another stiirlcot claimed his room
was infested with "abnormally large
cockroaches. I haven't seen many of
them. but the luv I did see were fottr
to live times their normal si/e. ()nc
sciittlctl across rnv bed at night. It
was frightening. I had to evacuate
my room because the problem was
so bad.”

When questioned about this
incident. Wellington Manager

lingerie llavckost said. “We have
i'iIIIIi'Iiui'r/ on pugt' limr

SUNYA’s $55 Million
Badget Request In DOB

by Laura l-‘iorentlno

SllNYA‘s $55 million dollar
budget request for I‘llttl-Kl has been
summari/cd by SUNY Central and
sent to the State Division ol Bridget
(DOB) for evaluation.

I’Itoui: UI’S

I’R ESS

According to SUNYA Budget
Director llai'old Brink SUNY
(‘cnlr'alsuitrnitiri/ctlthclinalhttdget
request httt rlitl riot change any of its
figures. "A iiiorilli amt a liall'ago the
budget has again been sent to the
DOB iii stiiiimirry form. 'I his isjtlst
a necessary Iorriiality." said Brink.

the DOB will look over the
request to deter mine whether the set
appropriation levels will meet
available state revenues. Policies
and priorities of the llivive . y will
also be evaluated to ascertain that
they fit into the framework ofsiate
approval.

 

“(‘oiriplcx foriiirtlas are used to
determine a school‘s budgetary
nccds.“said SUNYA Vice President
for Finance and Business .lolin
lliiitigan. “'l lll‘ l)()llcomparcs each
campus with a university of
comparable status. increases iii
faculty members. rank distributions.
and student enrollments are itoted
and from this it is determined what
SUNYAIbany‘s figures should
look like."

Alter the DOB has evaluated llre
budget. it will he sent on to
(iovci'iior llugli Carey and their
presented to the state legislature in
the l‘llv'tl-til lixccutiv'c Bridget.

PAGE THREE

 

 

