 

r
t
i
t

 

 

The men who rule the earth right now have'

a certain disregard for women. There is no
question that the nature of a secondary posi-
tion has been willed to them through genera-
tion upon generation of accepted standards;
tradition. it is difficult to alter tradition. to
evolve it. but it can be done. It is a slow. un.
doubtedly laborious process involving at-
titudes. preconceptions and the desire on the
part of men to keep things just the way they
are. The feeling that with change. something
will be given up takes the cake over the feeling
of gaining-something. So attitudes are fairly

o”

sterile on the part of men. but you can't blame
us. We are the product of fathers. and
mothers too.

On a hot day in front of the campus center
at SUNYA. hundreds of attractive women
trolley by and the game of looks. leers. sucv
cesses. messes and opinion making never
ceases. Tire diversity of our race makes it dif-
ficult to do any summing tip. but the men who
stare and the men who shyly look away Join
together in the puzzle to form a picture if you
ask a nran who does stare. that picture could
mean just this. "i like looking at \iotnen
because women are tilrat l'irr supposed to
look at Why is eye contact considered
t‘havirrrstie" l've been brought up tlirs tray "

li you think he is typical, you are partially
tight The work typical is hard to apply There
are sortie men who fall apart at the seams
when twi- words are passed, but they'll hide it
nicely. and their fear arrives as sexism Fear'.J

Yes. feat, Fear of woman is as typical as sev
ism. chauvi’nrstri, and the desire for a much
lay We fear the unknown. and just how close

m

“If my wife doesn't
mind cooking and

cleaning and letting me
earn the bread, then
why should it bother
anyone else. Freedom
of choice also means
freedom to
free.”

not be

     

 

or a lot
of men. that mystery is fearful and they ieait
:‘i a tarretv of “typical” uays

"it's always a game Everything you say has
same son of undertone it's hard to by

u t‘ MC [0 \k‘Oi‘it‘lt remains a mystery l

yourself " The observer could be titled siri'
cessiul He is male. he is a student. and he has
success wi:h women in terms of his goals But
if that success entails a constant. rehearsed
dialogue. where is the truth and honesty of
manwomarr relatrons.‘ '

“You can't be totally honest until later
There comes a point and you know it i guess
being in love would be when l was honest
from the start. but that hasn‘t happened yet "

{)0 most men think it Will happen"
Everyone has the desire to meet a One. fail in
lote. live happily ever after. etc The destre for
an ultimate. unhampered life satisfaction
comes naturally. but the degree to which men
believe they can achieve it varies “Life's fuck
ed up I never know when l‘m happy. so ill
net er know when l'nr in love it‘s too damn
rare id be damn lucky if it happened to me it
probably won‘t "

A bystander e‘

 

" i :ear

  
 

sagrees He laughs t
a lfabrii‘ated‘i positit
aith in the future The basic if ..i.; rn life
‘ a in love. making money. and dung l
to do all three " The fear short:
i.:ir‘:tr of a 5m

l

‘0» "l

 

     
        
   

 

I ask l‘..rr’

" ' .d (train:

   
  
   

‘i\ t"i\ l'n‘y' {him

I it‘d its

 

 

 

merits hurt and you remember them.- l'd rather

play it safe."

Playing lt safe seesm to run rampant with
males. but there are, of course, noticeable ex-
ceptlons. There are always exceptions.
Overall. though. the sex feels one thing but
plays it another way. Men usually go for the
odds. even though Imagination and dreams
press them on to take a chance for an ultimate
satisfaction. But It's so much easier to forget all
that and go where you know the road will take
you.

Jim B. knows where his road has taken
him. "i think l'm smarter than women. i can
deal with things better. l've got my head
together more. and l have a lot less hangups.
They think they are. but we're a lot more
understanding. it's a matter of staying cool
under pressure. They better not hear me say
this, though."

One man stares me in the lace when i ask
him for a comment about women. He feels
what my last friend says. but he won't come
out and say it. Maybe that's a step towards ati
titude change A little gtiilt sprouts up when
making a sexist remark Almost all men i talk-
ed to said something sexist. but is it a fotnr of
unfair discrirninrrtir‘rn totally or is it simply an
affinity between men. as a group. a club. partr
nets in the world of twentieth century socrety'.’

"Whatever i say they think is SC‘MSl i gotta
be careful of everything l'm not sexist. but jUSl
because l‘m a guy. whatever i say leans that
way That‘s drsvirrrrrriatroii liveryone's a vic-
tirrr. htri we don't take it that harshly Does that
make us better?"

Walt's air 0K guy He thinks people are
Easically good. and while his Southern at-
titrrdes make him possessive anti bossy around
"girls". hrs inrioi’errt’e and boyishness form an
tini‘oritrii ed air that takes away any blame or
gtirlt we rrriglrt be able to pin on him

"My woman is my wr'iiiran When i got a
woman, i don't pull no double shit I'm true.
and that's all I got to worry about What else
do they waiiiv’"

The blame. instead. can rest on his mother
and father. his upbringing
who are now young fathers. the sextst attitude
is attributed to being caught between two ages,
the last of tliairviriistrr America. and a new
ay

A young professor at SUNYA who con-
stilt'ts himself "liberal" has met wrtlr problerris
"I realize I shouldn't be doing ll. btit | find
myself not being able to help it it‘s a good
thing i have an understanding wile My at-
titude is modern. btrt itiy habits are both of
old "

And rl you accept that as an acceptable e.»

Like most men

(use for it lltliik three year old's \‘rews. what
excuse (an be offered for those who are of col-
lr‘ge age growing up iii the new >U\‘l\‘l\"

"l .ion‘t need any en'rise lwas also a pro
dint of the i-Li ways Mt pirtt'rrts are old
fasliained 'llie young e'titlilreri of iodat are

 

going to grou up ilitfereiitl My kids will have
But Ihi-.

\oirirg. engaged pie Merl irraiiit may not be so

new attitudes" Sir ll\' sats now

wilnrg uheii his darrgliitr wants to sleep wrilr a
guy just like that '

“For a gut it's OK ldori‘t want anyone call
trig my daughter a tramp Society puts these
limitations on. not me "

is it their a Catch '22" it most men. of all
ages. still feel that women are forever secon
dary. foreter the second in romrriarid. forever
the second best. what chance do modern
women have for bringing about attitude
change " is it a pattern so deeply rooted that it
rust cannot be changed without uprootiiig our
entire >OCIL'H ’

There was an elderly gentleman sitting otrt
treat the Legislative building Next to lililt-Is his
friend. and old woman Joseph is 7" lie was
born on the Century mark. and he clearly
rvn'ierrrbers his sisters' still upbringing. and
how hard it was for him and oiliiir inert to
achiete sexual anything with a girl urthotri

  
 

PldCliCAlH' a goat new of rriairiage. and usual

l
'l grit-us l was born tun iaie " lie laughs lie

sa\ s be it . iii;

 

:7. thr :riarriagt :

 

 

rather irate had less r’tintriil
out ha women {it‘d moiv sewal treediiru

\r'iir‘i‘ig rr'ir-i‘. today hate it made it ain't so
seirt'tne and s.:itiri as it used to be it tiri'K
-‘i int i ii warned Hit it women liirr‘e (omy

 

.idat‘il'i has beer. looking at

...i.:. rain iiii. ytai: ' .

   

 

the progress .they've made as substantial.

“Their clothes. their jobs. leavin' kids home
with fathers. These things were never done
when l was workin'."

But if Joe typifies the elderly gentleman still
roaming around befuddled in the new era of
cleavage and a woman's place not being in the
home. he also typifies one very narrow mind-
ed~segment of the young male population.
There is still many a man under the age of thir-
ty who cringes at the thought of having
anything less than total dominance. total tradlv
tion. total everything.

“if the guy next to me wants to let his wife
work and him stay home. let him. but just like
he has his choice. if my wife doesn't mind
cooking and cleaning and letting me earn the
bread. then why should it bother anyone else.
Freedom of choice also means freedom to not
be free." The commentator is a twenty-three
year old SUNYA graduate, an Albany native.
His words were not all that uncommon.

“I'll work and she'll raise the kids. if that ain't

  

.
good for her. then she ain't good for me " Hrs
vreiv was definitive

Definitive only for himself. though And that
may be the whole point Mari can look at
woman for ages. birt what he sees and the
reason for looking can change

as quickly as
the falling in or out of love

comes rushing in
We are individuals as well as member s of
or anything. and

a sex
otrr singular ifnr‘rsrty gives
tarlr of us a unique yrewpornt

tieneraliring is hard. birt their is .i feel We
arise from places all

over this i lob‘
tullurr's Flash and out] J h m”

] .rrigiiages differ. but we
air a] men and we look at ironiarr \K'

H l' sfdtt'

and m stare at llt‘l. trying to prrl it together in

some irnderstaiidalile light to who for tli
..

unknowns The doubts. the ir-
and the infant \' of liHr‘
5n rte respond \I :tli

iris lltt‘ mores

a variety of feelings anf
flowery philosophies \K'e ration ili'i ' ‘

tustrl i. i ~ '
\. wt ,rnr .ti \kl‘ get viriietit liiri iirsi lilu'

lll'l‘V .in.i .lieariiers l

 

and we

\(‘Ulllyili \K‘t' ‘Ill. M‘rllt
‘ .ti.
ii.g for .i reason 1‘

 

lit .i s. rm-

wt
tdiilt M... i. .ii i-ii «

is on: goddess on

a. tri ins .ii.‘ illit‘t i. .l lit the

     

unexplainable force we call lOV
communication with a Woman
magical. We are also ruled by
society. A sea of traditions.
standing attitudes and history we h r
and maybe even feel lost. It is a tug of “1:5?”
ween the naked freedom of love and the '1 1"?"
ed. clothed restrictions of SOCreiy sylz'
Both fare well, both lose battles neitli '
totally victorious. ' e' '5
It is a beautiful. balanced system of mutug
exclusiveness. If woman is not OK. then ma
will not be OK. One necessarily effects tlin
other. There is no way out Man knows thise
so he doubts himself. he ilears, lit! hates he'
cries. But he also knows that when woma'n is
OK. he's OK. So he loves The light will gt)
on. but the smoke will never Cli’rlf lU reveal
one. standing proudly. foot on llil' t liest rim“:
other. But through a log, lflt’ figure aim)
lovers kissing may And for illitl reason, man
will always look at woman iiiili a l'.‘.tlil‘.lQ iii his
eye. |

9~ 5 line of
that seemS
a concept called
customs. long

   
   

“I think I’m smarter
than women. "

   
   
  
 

“Whatever lsay they
think is sexist. lgoila
be careful of every-
thing.”

 
   

J
N;

“My woman i.“
H

LUOINCIH.

  

 

 

Woman looks at man. With all her
passion and venom built up inside her. with all
her dreams and desires dangling like a particl-
ple before her, woman risks self and looks
t ward man.

 

 

She watches him from afar; whether
sculpturlng a whole persona based on a single
clue he's given. or trying to cut through the
well-polished veneer with her incisive vision.
each woman deals with man in her own self-
styled way.

ironically. one of her greatest assets — her
understanding of the social forces at work and
of the politics of male-female relationships —-
often turns out to be a double-edged sword,
the laceration It inﬂicts determined by the
sklllfullness of the wielder.

Not everyone is ready. or even willing to
enter into a relationship stripped of all his or
her protective gear. Most people — and some

  

 

“They stink. They
don’t care. They
don’t want to get
involved.”

though they don’
always mean to be.”

“There are a lotmor
hurt women walking
around than hurt
men.”

,..

'male counterpart.

   
 
   
  
 

 
    
     
    
    
    
     
 

1 men are sexist,

   
  
  

   
    
 
 

to a lesser extent than others — slip into roles
they've learned. People tend to modify their
behavior to suit the occasion, becoming obe-
dient. domineering, coquettish. or whatever
the situation seems to dictate. Games. ’and
roleplaying aren't necessarily bad; but then.
they're not the fruits of honesty either. -

Throughout the course of history. man has
oppressed woman by forcing her into a role of
submissiveness and subservience. and by de-
nying her the basic privileges extended to her

Though stewlng for thousands of years. it
want until the end of the 19th century that
some sort of female consciousness began to
emerge. But In spite of all the clashes and con-
flicts, woman never abandoned man. She
stayed by his side. supporting him when he
was troubled, nursing him when he was sick.
and loving him always. even when he was
detestable.

When woman looks at man. each sees
something different. but all have something to

  
  

14.3.

     

say.
love inert! I think they're great!" This
woman. hesitant to generalize. has had good
experiences with men. lirrt she rnrrst come
first. with her need for filliilit‘lill in
dependence. “1'” probably never get rrrarried."
she concluded.

Another. who zitlmils her past relalitiiisliips
were. something short of terrific. feels. “men
are all the same...jtrsl out for llimirstelvvs " lirrt
she's philosophical enough to point out fllrlf
rrreii probably feel the satire way about
\vorrren.

"'I'Iiey stink; they don't care: they don't

want to get involved," said it “did. who coir
i'etles her attitudes about men r‘tl'L’ changing.
thanks to her involvement with strtiirrrriir'
who's destroytf lli’l‘ old beliefs and restored lit-i
lUllu‘lUEil faith in men.

l’aiadoxit‘allv. woman grows tip believing in
the myth of necessity of rtiarrlage aiitl
tirotherliorirl; yet. in a world of increasing
awareness. she learns; the itrrportiinr‘t- of firllill
ing the requireirrenis for lli’i' own llllllirtlilr’ii
tiiirr ‘

Haunted by the ghost» of this tftritllty

  

woman often feels forced to choose one or the
other. rather than allowing a synthesis of the
seemingly irreconcilable goals. Not all women
feel they must pursue a career. or seek to
carve out some identity for themselves outside
the home. But most women, especially those
in their teens and twentiesiclaim they wouldn't
feel satisfied or complete just staying home.
being a housewife and raising a family.
although a majority see marriage as an even-
tuality.

When woman looks at man. she sees the ef-
fects that thousands of years of socializing and
conditioning have had on him. She sees how
strongly he feels the pressures to conform, to
gain admission into that elite organization that
embodies and defines "maleness". which. as
initiation. requires him to divorce himself from
his emotional self; or. If he can't quite manage
that. then he must never. never. allow those
emotions to show. After all. as one woman
pointed out. a synonym for "emotional" is
"feminine" —- at least according to Webster's
Thesaurus. Man. therefore. must be strong
and confident: to yield or to cry is to be like a
\VIHIIHI‘C llt.‘lt’5§).

Some women feel that is the very heart of
the problem. the very reason rtreri eveii desire
to be part of that club. is a “deep-rooted iri-
secui‘ity" throbbing ivilliin One Woman spoke
of man's very real "fear of not living up to lllL'
girl's expectations. of getting litrr "

Anotlir-r suggested that mart actually envies
wrirriari‘s ability and “societal OK" to cry.

    

- Though many have overcome this, woman

still views limit as it prisoner. almost willingly
bound to his shackles that restrict and restrain
free thought and moiremeut.

Yet. at the satire time. woman is allratrled to
man. He's "sweet". "wonderful". "sexy" and
she's not quite ready to live without ltitn.

One woman who's involved in a mutually
rewarding relationship, discussed how great it
is “to have someone that really knows you and
really cares about you...nne who cart excuse
your shortcomings because of what you have
to offer in a long sense. It's nice to know he's
there if you need him."

And even after the romantic ideal fades.
“somethlrig else takes its place." This pro»
lessor described "a curtain comfort derived
from having been married a long time: a sense
of comfort. harmony and shared goals.‘
Alllitrugli marriage “has its seasons." she still
feels positive about hers even after 26 years

and about rrierr iii general “1 like inert." slie
rrlliirrri'il. "1 never grew up feeling a woman's
place is any different from a iriair's '

litri others did. rlllll their words illuminate a

 

different perspective.

Sexistrr" "That's the way of the world!"

“All men rill' sexist. though they don't
always mean to be." said another

And yet another I'rllllillrllllt'ki. "often St'xrsrrr
exrsts because it's expected ...'r lot (if women
rlli‘ looking for it "

There's ii t‘vrtriiri security to be litrd if she
stays Within the prescribed guidelines (if the
stay role and plenty of Wtillll'li are willing to
lilillU' that tririiprtiriitst' ()rie likened it to he
irlst in a strange city, not knowing where to
eat. and winding up at it McDonalds rri
lftrwartl Johnson's. "It's rrtrl tlirrt good." she
explained. “but at least you know what to ex
pect."

Despite that security. however. woman still
irrkriowlt-tlges and resents the double stan»
darif. created. and eagerly embraced. by man.

After all. as one woman explained. “'l'lrL-y

(men) got the better hull of it." Another

describes a double standard like this: "if a
man's unattached. he's having a good time. If

it wrinitrn's unattached. it means she t‘arr't
snag anyone,

Another felt that “there are a lot more htrrt

..-» .
women walking around than lrtrrt mien. Ibis
attitude. shared by many. (‘tliliL’S about as a

result of perceiving man as being able to just

walk away from a relationship. untouched and
unaffected. and ties lit with man having to tip
Sltilf’ Wtirrierr rrrtrintrrin they get more
deeply involved in ii relationship than men do
r|li(l thus are more deeply hurt when it ends,

pt‘rtl

"Meir tlii' jtuii obsessed with sex!
“Women are looking for sorrietrrri- special

but men just want anybody." One. woman

 

talked about the guilt associated with sex that

woman grows up with and most overcome in

order to have healthy. open relationships with

men. Mari grows up believing his desires are

stronger and more important than the

woman’s, and changing this belief is the big,
adjustment he must make.

When woman looks at man. she unwittingly
triggers an avalanche. an onslaught of emo-
tlons. But to understand man. she must first
understand woman. She, a product of her
world, and he, a product of his world,. must
find some common ground on which they can
get together. and deal with their inherited
worlds of injustice.

When woman looks at man. she smiles; she
pours. sniffiing and sobbing. She bats an eye.
or makes a fist. But still she keeps on looking

0

 

“Man has oppressed
woman by forcing her
into a role of sub-
missiueness and
subservience, and by
denying her the basic
privileges extended to
her male counterpart.”

 

 

.. * .r . . i’ _
Photographs taken by Suna
Sieinkamp, Mike Farrell,
and Tony Tassarotti.

 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  

Stories done by Jay B. Gissen and Suzanne Gerber.

...,.... >5) M

“.7. a 3: up» .   ..»i x

- can Wu“

  

 

 

 

 

 

