 

 

 

A" 

 

’t:-;.-. v
«Heat-m  

 

 

 

 

Oil. Decontrol:

 

 

by Mark Gage
I recently began to rethink the policy of
“decontrol” of oil prices. What is the purpose
of decontroi? The main idea is to raise the
price of all oil produced in the U.S. to that
equal to the world price (O.P.E.C.'s price.
essentially). According to this idea. the rise in
price will provide a greater profit margin for
the oil companies with which they will have a
greater ‘incentive‘ to ﬁnd new oil and new
methods of extracting remnants of old oil
deposits. The higher price will also force
consumers to use less oil and gas. it is the
proponents' view that the prices of‘old oil'(oil
previously discovered)‘artificialiy'sustained a
low price of gasoline for Americans and thus
encouraged increased use ofgasand oil. What
is needed. they argue. is a return to the 'free
market‘. an end to government interference.
in the last year. the price of a gallon of gas
has risen about 40 percent. The price will
continue to rise. since decontrol is being
‘phased in‘ over the trext few years. The
standard of living and economy of U.S.
society will accordingly be affected. The
important question for Americans: is this
necessary and beneficial?
The answer: no. Let's look at some basic
assumptions of decontrol:
l. Government controls on U.S. oil prices
were ‘arIl/icial‘. Well. what is or is not
‘artilicial‘ is a subjective judgement. is there
anyone who can argue that the 0.l’.E.(‘. price
is not ‘artiiicial‘.’ isn‘t the O.P.l~1.C. pricc set
by a cartel. the furthest step from a perfect free
market that economics knows of!
2. increased profits will itictcasc inventive.
Not necessarily. The oil companies lrad
enough profit under the old price controls to
invest in other areas oi the economy that are
totally unrelated to ctretgy exploration and
development (rcmctnbci' lit-yon buying
Montgomery Ward?) Who is to say that
increased profits will not simply increase oil
"cgmpa‘lty‘ﬁivetSfitcillion into other ar'cits’.’
3. Higher prices for gas and oil will
permanently cm consumption. '[his has nor
been the case. '| oday In West (ic natty. wlicic
gas costs $2.60 a gallon. Cadillacs are selling
very well atrd motorists are iticr-asitig their
gas purclia. atid driving at very high speeds.
Studies have shown that increased prices cut
‘30"5l'mi‘liml of gas and oil only in Illt’ s/mr/
run. As we are seeing here in the U.S. today.
co lc divert their money froin other areas of

   

 

A Slick and reasy Topic

1 “WWW

  

a. New...

consump n (such as food) in order to
maintain their mobile way of life.
4. U.S. oil companies are concerned with the
economic welfare of Americans. Not'
necessarily true. The major oil companies are'
not strictly U.S. companies « they are1
multinational corporations. All of these
enterprises have one economic motive r-—‘
increased proﬁt. Whereas. the oil producers of.
O.i’. .. ‘. are nationalized enterprises and tlrcl
governments decide where their profits cartl
best benefit their nations. U.S. ()ll pro/its
lu'lllfﬁl only .l'ltll'kll()ldt‘r.\', not the American.
public.
5. i’coplc‘s mistrust of the oil companies is.
ttnfouridcd. False. Americans have every'
right to mistrust a situation iti which the only
available information is provided by the;
American Petroleum institute. the
representative of the oil companies. Despite
this. lirrcrgy i)cpt.. General Accoutrting
Office. iitrd Congressional committee
hearings have disclosed mysterious decreases
in refinery capacity use. deere in oil
production at U.S. wellhcads for no apparent
rcasotr. and irrtcrtral reselling of oil stocks by
companies to themselves. thus raising the
price.

(r. The oil companies air-tidy pay a heavy

burden of taxes and there is no need for a

‘windfali profits tax‘. False. Rcectrt estimates;

show that Mobil. for example. through

various legal bookkeeping practices. pays an.
effective tax rate ol’mrly about II [Jerri-til.

it is a logical conclusion that the world's oil
supplies will rtiti out. That oil is a finite
resource is accepted. The question lies iii ltow
long the supplies will last. Meanwhile. it is an
acceptcdgoalol thct).i'. .. ‘.cartc|tomakea
maximum profit frotii its diminishing
i'csotticc. And so. when tltc U.S. companies
are allowed to charge the ().l’.li.('. price. this
goal becomes theirs also. In effect. deconti'ol
is allowing the U.S. oil coti‘tpanics to hccotnc
silcnt members til ().l'.li.('. iii a legal anti
ttiirccogiii/cd tiranncr. 'l here is. iii fact. nufrt't'
tttm‘lit'l itr ir'ot'lr/tii/(IIti/[it'o/mbli' tn'vt't‘ tvt'l/ln'
again.

What can Atiicrieans do to insure that their
money goes to their benefit'.’ Sonic advocate
iiationrili/iition of the oil companies. At the
least. I belicw a very high profits tax must be
passed without the iisitai loopholes inserted
by Senator Russell Long aitd other pro<oiI
ligures itr Congress. The increased

 

 

 

Unk’osher

Bus Service

To the Editor:_ ,

We would like to take this opportunity to
express our sincerest apologies to those
students who were passengers on one of the
Long island buses run for the Jewish holidays
last weekend. it was brought to our attention
that the services provided by Greyhound
were unsatisfactory and non-accomodating.
As we have been providing this service to the
University community for the past several
years. we are deeply concerned with this
matter. We have been working with
Greyhound this past week in an effort to
circumvent these prohlcnis. We will continue
to work with Greyhound in order to insure an
efficient and acconrodating service to the
students of SUNYA. Once again. we do
apologi/c for any inconveniences atid are
working to alleviate all problems in the future.

The Brothers of Delta Sigma Pi

Questioning

 

Our Methods

in the Editor:

Your editorials appearing in the Sept. l4
atrd Sept. 2| isstrcs of the ASP were
apparently designed to elicit some rcspotrsc
from your readers. Well here's my response:

it is quite obvious to anyone with his eyes
open that there are many problems facing the
world today. it is also clear that it is necessary
that today‘s college students get involved in
iryitrg to strive these problems. ifthey are to be
solved. What is not necessary is for the ASP
editors to get down on students. It may be it
cliche. btit one does attract tnore bees with
honey than with vinegar. Certainly a little
constructive criticism of the students is
healthy titul nccc ’ary. btit sotrrc of your
comments go a little too far. i fail to see what
the relevance of students‘ smoking and
drinking is. l'at tying and slrowingcoticct‘tr lor
the world are not mutually exclusive c\ciits.
('rrtici/c apathy. but don‘t lecture on

 

morality.
it appears to me that your editorials contain

frtlt'llmli' It) "make involvement appealing,

 

muclr misdirected anger. Today‘s college
students did notcreate the problems the world
faces. The role we must take is to alleviate the
situation created by others. i believe it is
human nature to be a bit lazy. and it is very
easy to understand why someone might prefer
to take a back seat in dealing with today's
problems. Such laziness is termed apathy.and
we must combat apathy by making
involvement appealing. At this time we need
someone to turn students on to helping the
World. but it seems to me that your stride
attacks on students‘ lifestyles miglil only serve
to turn a few more people off.

Alan Waldman
Editor fr Nola: Aflcr a dl'l’lH/l’ of lrlr'ing
wele that a lll/ll' anger is not only rolled/or,
lm/ net-arurari‘. If students are angry (II 1M, [1']
Ilrcin prove as wrong by taking ll out on the
patrons [Ital he.

Nuclear Power:
A Glowing Review

To the Editor:

Are nuclear power plants a significant
source of radioactivity in the environment is
many of your correspondents assume‘.’ i‘lre
average American receives something like
0.20 lo 0.25 REMs per year. lialf of this is
from purely natural sources. such as sunshine.

 

cosmic rays and the natural radioactivity of

the earth's crust. individual amounts vary
from about 0.05 to 0.l75 REM depending
mostly upon altitttdc above sea level. The
rcnrainirrg 0.l0 to 0.l2 REM average
exposure comes chielly from medical x-rays.
(A single chest x-ray yields an exposure of
some 0.05 REM. and a full set of back x-rays
might result in an exposure of some 32.0
REM.) Other tnatr tiutdc sources are fallout
from (most recently Chinese) atom bomb tests
(0.004 REM) and color TV (0.00l REM).
Substances not normally thought of tis
radioactive contribitic substantially to these
minisculc totals. liard rock‘s. sitclt as granite
aitd marble eontaiti trace radioactive
impurities which result in an average exposure
ol sorrre 0.010 REM. though individual
amounts are highly variable.

It is possible though by no means certain
that any amount of radioactivity icsttlls iir
sortie additional risk of cancer. liut the

 

 

 

 

gmct‘nincnt I'c\'ctittcs can be returned to the
American public through subsidies for litiillL'
insulation. dc\clopiticnt til alteriiali\c ltrcls.
etc. So lar. tlic windfall proliis la,\ has been
just ‘talk‘. invert ('arter‘s bill would otrly
impose an cllcctiw tars of about 30 percent.

We Americans must icali/c that prices will
not stop rising. (),i’.|§ ‘. will set higher prices

 

and U.S. corirpaiitcs will lollow. llti\\L‘\L’t.lltL‘
oil coriipairics are already putting our massive
public relations campaigns in an attempt to
soothe the worried corrstttticrs. As these
campaigns progress. lrowcwr. lll'.‘ ‘orl
specialists' are raising trcw problems. 'ilic
latest suggestion: remove all ettviroirtncnial
eotrtrols on oil extraction or else pa) r price
tltri'c iii/our r/ttllrll'a (Il’tll’l' lllt' t). l’. l;‘. ( '. prli'c.’

 

 

 

 

 

FElFFER

 

02065. /
' ‘lil6
IL‘VEFEMPEW;
60 SPOKE

Am Tllﬁ‘f
Titre OWE.

 

 

 

  
  

to o 00 you . '
Tank '9 \ notion Mimoﬁ gears)?

Wax
WW? \

 

sumo, m6
MAFIA N00
 "me Cl-A-

      

 

I 60655 Wilmoof
/ {Dill fiCAt/r

 

 

 

 

 

 

a.

A

