    
   

 

           
    
 

present I
. An Eveningr with
Todd Rundgren I & Utopi -.

 

 

 

This Ts [night at
the Palace Theatreat 8PM

Tickets are $6.50 w/ tax card

 

Tickets on sale now at th
_ e Contact Off' ‘
J ustnA-Songr Records and the Palace “12:21?

ust have Tax Card to get discount ' '

 

 

 

 

$8.50 General Public

 

 

David Bromberg at the helm: Avariety of
good music for all ears to hear

Muldaur Moves

 

~Mw—W..mwm. .. __._,_.
ya-

 
 

 

Bromberg Blues.

Anyone who wasn't at J.B. Scott's last
Wednesday missed a thoroughly entertaining
evening of acoustic music. The David
Bromberg Band was on the stage and the
capacity crowd loved it. As usual the band
drifted through its wide repertoire of musical
styles. Along with the usual comedy and stage
antics of Bromberg. the show was Just another
fineI well-rounded performance.

Marty Vukovich

The show consisted of a balanced blending
of Bromberg‘s mainstay. the blues.'and a col—
lage of folk. bluegrass, lrish fiddle and
downright inspirational tunes. The show was
never dominated by one style but floated
evenly through all. Bromberg also broke up
the show with his witty lyrics and short com-
edy routines. The audience never got restless
as they wandered from mellow blues tunes
and hand clapping. foot stompin' country-
style tunes. They play the blues standard.
“Kansas City" as well as his own “New Lee

 

Midnight With

One of live music's greatest potentials is that
it has the ability to pick up a receptive group of
people and move them en masse to emotional
ieights that recorded material can't quite at-
tain. On those nights when everything is right
you can feel an almost palpable electricity
flowing out from off the stage—tho musicians
are charged and the crowd picks it up through
some sort of indefinable current. lonce heard
a musician say she had an orgasm onstage
during one particularly inspired moment.

Jeff Hall

These instances of pure magic are few and
far between (there are just too many variables;
in the formula). but they do happen. When
Maria Muldaur played at J.B. Scott's Sunday
night no one danced on the bar and I didn't
spot anyone entertaining an orgasmic flight of
fancy, but this may have been due more to in-
dividual efforts to retain a certain cool than
lack of effort on the band's part. Maria was
throwing out every trick she's got. and even
though the rabbit never did pop out of the hat.
it peeked over the brim a few times.

The evening got off to a good start when the
warm-up act. Dr. Scanlon's Rhythm Boys,
surprised anyone who was expecting a
stereotypical local band to come out and slog
around in a mire of old Bachman-Turner
Overdrive covers for an hour. The Rhythm

W
30"“

if you're waiting for Todd Rundgren to
come out with a chart busting. platinum status
album ~ forget it. This enigmatic whim kid.
guitar virtuouso, and master of the studio. has
no appetite for commercial success. Having
influenced rock music for close to a decade.
Todd is well established, and one of the most
respected names in the musical business.

Cliff Sloan

Many artists who have obtained commercial
stardom have. in one form or another. gone
to Todd for assistance, Among the huge
number of acts that Rundgrcn has worked
with in the studro are The Band. Janis Joplin.
The NY Dolls. Hall and Oates. Patti Smith.
Rick Derringer. Meatloaf, and Tom Petty. His
own musical endeavors are as diverse as the
music produced by this list of bands and upon
going to see Todd at Radio City in 1973. none
other than Mr Bowie sat four seats to my left.

Commercial success is not something that
has; eluded l‘odd. Rather. it's the other way
around. He's quite capable of producing top
forty hits. but he prefers to treat his cult follow»
ing to a taste of complex engineering and
often bewildering diversity. He doesn't impose
his personal style on arty of the acts be pro-
duces but promotes their more admirable

 

 

' NOVEMBER 13. 1979

  

Boys play swing tunes.from the 1920's. 30's
and 40's. and swing they did. all the way
through a well-paced. but regrettably brief
set. ’

After a quick equipment shuffle. the
members of, Maria's backing band wandered
onstage and commenced to fiddle about for
what seemed a terribly long time. While we
were still debating whether they were in fact
members of the band (most of the table took
them for roadies making sound checks). they
spddenly broke into the opening number.
“Brickyard Blues." and Maria bounced in from
the wings, . ‘

Feedback problems through the first two
numbers put‘a momentary damper on things.
but once they were resolved the band started
to bear down. and with a vengeance.

They rolled out of the first tune and straight
into one of Muldaur's standards. “it Ain't the
Meat (“'5 the Motion)." Obviously. she was
not going to do anything to refute her popular
reputation as the Mae West of contemporary
music. Flirting around the stage in her
customary tight black pants and shaking like
Tina Turner's shadow. she projected the kind
of sensual. happy~to~be—a sinner personality
one could detect in “Midnight At the Oasis."
the single that boosted her up into the public
eye in 1973. She projects that image on stage
too. the difference being that on record it's
kind of washed down and only mildly ap-

Highway Blues." They also touched on his
more rock-oriented tunes such as "Bandit In a
Bathing Suit" and "Demon In Disguise."

The master. Bromberg. commanded the
stage and the audience like a field marshall.
The atmosphere of his vocals created a bridge
between the band and the audience. it created
a personal relationship and when David got
riled up. so did the crowd. His musical talents
were exhibited as he switched from guitars
(acoustic and electric) to mandolin and fiddle.
One of the highlights of the show was
Bromberg‘s slide guitar leads during the ever
popular tune "Sharon." He literally made It
sing.

Much credit also belongs to his band which
only amplified his talents. its depth of talent
and size (seven members) allowed for the wide
variety of music. A large facet of the blues pro~
wess was provided by the brass section. it con-
sists of Curt Linberg on trombone and John
Firmln on alto and baritone sax. The mellow
bluesy leads of Linberg's trombone and Fir-

Maria

parent. but in person she whips it out and hits
you right between the eyes with it.

The show was divided into two sets of nine
songs apiece. Predictably. her new album.
Open Your Eyes. was given a good deal of at-
tention (eight of the numbers were from the
album). The band was also given room to
stretch out in. but individual members never
strayed too far from home base. They were as
tight as Maria‘s pants. if you'll pardon the com-
parison. and threw in a few nice pieces of
inner-band humor (in the middle of “My Ten-
nessee Mountain Home" the bassist and
guitarist spun off a quick. two measure blurb
from “Dixte"). l was surprised at their versatili-
ty. which with a musical style as diverse as
Muldaur's is obviously a necessity. The band
went from swing to rock to country. doubled
back. whipped out ajau tune and never miss-
ed a step. grinning and mugging with Maria all
the while.

Muldaur has never been known for her
outspokenness. but she wasn't above taking
the opportunity to express a few opinions. She
dedicated “Wheelers and Dealers" to the
IOPEC nations. addressed women's liberation
in “Clean-Up Woman" ("While I was out rais~
ing my consciousness. he was at home raising
something else"), and sent out "(No More)
‘Dancin' in the Streets" in response to what she
called the alarming "over-profusion of disco."
a sentiment greeted by wide-spread approval

'I'o Synthesize

traits. bringing them their desired success,
Todd produced Grand Funk in 1974 (“some
of the worst trash that's ever been on plastic”).
a band which reached platinum status twice
with two Rundgren-produced singles. Todd
chooses to remain elusive. and treats his
dedicated fans in other ways. such as the
poster which accompanied the release of
Todd in 1974 made up of the names of fans
who mailed in. His records are documented
testimony to his engineering wizardry. while
his live performances leave more room for int-
provisation.

Back to the Bars. a double live recording
and Todd's latest release. is a stylish display of
his various influences and superior guitar
talent. Love ballads. heavy metal rock.
futuristic synthesizing. "Rum" can. and does.
do it all. Five of his fourteen albums were per»
formed attd produced single handedly by
Todd.

Todd began his career by forming "Now."
an English Mod-influenced flash-rock outfit in
1968. They provided the first alternative to the
San Francisco sound which was dominating
rock at the time. Nazz were characterized by
recording and playing sophistication which
heralded the end of the (30's and a newer.
more professional sound. l'lls solo career
blossomed with the release of Ballad of Todd

Rundgren (1971). Always attempting to push
the barriers of rock to new heights. Rundgren
made an attempt to launch his Utopia Road
Show with a lighting system and effects that
could visually match his futuristic music. The
plan failed for lack of funds but was later reviv-
ed when his rnovemenl into intensely complex
heavy-metal space rock met with a larger and
more appreciative audience.

This change in style blossomed in 1974 with
the release of Todd. This space age departure
revealed that the synthesizer kid could as-
tound, confound. amuse and confuse both
the fans and llit’ critics. But as always. Todd
remained one step ahead of his time.

“Ain't no jine it 's not a surprise. I was born
to synthesize. 'ihe wizard sings on his 1975 el-
fort entitled lnr‘tt‘atiation. The album was full of
acidic visions and amongst the longest albums
ever made. containing over an hour of music.
Tins album featured Edgar Winter and Rick
Derringer. who ironically fit into the Eastern
mystique atmosphere of the record.

Another Liue (1975) is a far more listenable
reflection of his dynamic stage abilities tn-
eluding a nod to his roots in the form of The
Move's "Do Ya?" By 1976. Utopia had settled
down to a fully democratic band. This was
achieved with Ra (released In ‘77) which again
confused and confounded. but showed the

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

. Aspects 0n Tuesdgy ' 

Everything For Everybody

.nln's hot searing sax leads couprea together to
form a perfect combination. They provided
harmonious backgrounds as well as Jamming
leads along with Bromberg. The workhorse of
the band was Dick Fegy. His multi-
instrumental talents (banjo. fiddle. mandolin.
organ and guitars) allowed for much of the
band's versatility. His real talent laid in his
guitar. mandolin and banjo playing. The band
was rounded out by George Kindler on fiddle.
Lance Dickerson on drums and Danny
Counts on bass.

The crowd's clapping along with songs and
recurrent catcalls only went to reaffirm the
crowd’s affection for the band. They respond-
ed by playing a lengthy show of high quality
which Included two encore sets. it was a plea-
sant change from blaring rock and roll to be
able to walk out without ringing in your ears.
The show provided energy. inspiration. and a
good time to all in the audience. ft is recom-
mended that the next time you have a chance
to see Mr. Bromberg‘s band. go, 0

  
  

Sexy Iongutreu Maria Muldaur any at
Scott'l Sunday: Sin can be fun.

from the audience. .

The second set ended on that note. and the
band returned for one encore. the clap-along.
everybody-sing gospel tune "Sisters and
Brothers." We might not have had the con»
summate musical experience Sunday night.
and the magic might have been Just beyond
our grasp. but Maria made us reach for it, and
she brought us close. You really can't ask for
much more than that. '0

The whizz kid Todd "Runt" Rundgren: To
be live Thursday night at theiPalace.
highly complex Rundgren still out in the
forefront of radically unusualrock.

Todd is ahead of his time and one of the
most talented people that will ever enter into
the world of rock. Hts band is marked by un-

canny tightness and precision. while Todd's:

guitar talents are to say the least. phenomenal.

One of the last remaining true talents in rock.

Rundgren is an act that shouldn't be missed.
2

PAGE NINE

 

   
 

 

 

   
    
     
     
    
    
      
    
     
      
     
    
       
      
   
     
     
     
     
     
        
      
         
        
        
      
        
  
  
 

  
  
    
  

     
  

  

    
      
      

    
   
     
    
    

     
    

  
  

     
        
    

  

     

  

      
 

  

   
   
 
 

  

 

