 

 

 

 

 

 be estate :30ch

 

7:30 and 9:30
Thursday and Friday
October 25, 26

it

Terrifying
L

  

. . cm:
7.30 and 9.30 I...

' Saturday our“
October 27 SPACE

1.00 w/tax 1.50 w/out

!.__J

 

Lecture Center 18

 

 

 

MEN'S .INTRAMURALS

Applications for

Winter Student
Assistants are available

In CC-130. Anyone

with questions should

call John DeMartini

482-6010
OR

   

 

 

D. Elkln 1-51 15.

 

 
  
   
   
   
     
     
    

  
 
 

The Class of ’82 presents a

FAREWELL
TO FOUNTAINS

PARTY
ON THE pomum

TomorrOw, Wed., October 24, 1—3 pm
(weather permitting)

Plenty ot beer, cider, pretzels and
LIVE MUS lCt!

And of course, it’s all FREE”

This FREE event is brought to you by the Cim Council 0!
the Sophomore Class, the Clms of '82. We need your suggestions.
if you are interested in helping, call Dave at 7-7870, or come to one

of our weekly meetings: Sundays, 9:00 in CC 358.

Office Hours:

457-7911

  
      

NTERTAINMENT THI
0104 Harvey Kojan at the turntables
__the John Esposito GrOUp

Ices:
ﬂed, Jazz at its best
Thgrs,-$un. Sultans of Swing and nghtshift

Sunday afternoon and Monday night football on
our giant TV

50¢ off Pitchers, 25¢ Hot Dogs

Drink Specials Mon-Fri. 4-8 pm

"madison ave.
& ontario st.
albany n,y_

Legal Services
M

Monday - 6-10 P.M.
Tuesday - 12-4 P.M.
Wednesday - 2-6 PM-
Thursday - 12-4 P.M.

- Friday - 12-4 P.M.
W_____e Hand|°= S.A. Office Room 116

Criminal misdemeanors, landlord-tenant, consumer t:
student-university disputes.

Phone:

 

 

 

 

BQBBBB} [DEW .

QPEWSBBD Eli?
DEBUG—J Qﬂlﬁﬁﬂﬁl [9i]

October 31
9-11 am; 12145-4 pm

Btﬂﬁﬂﬁiﬂg BBW‘FBB Btﬂﬂﬂaiﬂlﬂiﬂw

Meet representatives from:
IBM, Coopers and Lybrand,
Burroughs, General Dynamics
Eastern Airlines and Radio
Station WROW.

 

Also Speaking:
Kirby ' Stanat

“Job Hunting: Secrets and Tactics’

 

 

 

 

 

 

Egg On

From Oct. 215i through the 27th, the Em-
pire State Youth Theater institute - the com-
.pany housed doWntown In the "Egg" - will
begin its season with Oscar Wilde's The Impor-
tance of Being Earnest. it will be a major
theatrical event for this community, not only
because of the lushness the institute will give
its production. but because of the peculiarity of
the play itself: it is widely considered the
greatest of the English Restoration comedies.
and It is perhaps the quintessential piece of
theater. The play is entirely Illusion, all
perfected form and facade without an ounce
of serious content. The dialogue crackles with
astonishing wit while only the silllest things are
being said.

 

Larry Kinsman

 

An evening at ESYTl is worthwhile if for no
other reason than to have a look at the theater
itself. The "Egg" is a spectacular structure
housing a spacious and very comfortable hall.

Provisions for the institute were made in
1974 as part of an amendment to the State
Education Law. The group's major goal is and
has been to bridge the gap between the arts
and education Members of the company refer
to themselves as teacher-artists, and most
have been trained in education as well as in
the performing arts. Once a play has had its
brief run in the theater at the Empire State
Plaza, it goes on the road — but not in the usual
way. The play is taken to elementary and
secondary schools around the state. The acv
tors spend the first day of each residency
teaching students, more or less preparing
them for the play itself, and on the second day

 
 

7 l'Wﬁ'tmimem_ w - m...’ .... ._\

the play is actually performed. On the third
day the actors go back into the classroom to
use the play as a springboard for teaching
everything from the humanities to math and
science. The concept is an ambitious one, to
say the least. in addition, the Institute even
has a Theater Arts School for students from
kindergarden through grade 12 who have an
Interest in the performing arts. The teacher-
artists themselves take ongoing classes at the
institute in dance, voice, and acting.

in an interview, one of the lnstitute's public
relations persons, Ray Bono, expressed con-
cern over the community‘s notion that ESYTI
is strictly a children's theater. Mr. Bono said
that the company may be losing a potential
audience because a segment of the public fails
to understand the duality of the company's
goals. While traditional children's classics like
Peter .Pan and Sleeping Beauty have been
done, the company also mounted last year
productions of Spoon River Anthology, The
Lark, and Twelfth Night, among others. Com-
lng up this winter will be Macbeth. Plays are
chosen In the hope that they will prove com-
mercially successful as well as useful for
teaching purposes. ~

Play selection is done in democratic
fashion. All members of the company are free
to make suggestions, and then final choices
are made by a special committee. The idea
again is to choose plays which will afford the
most natural base from which the teacher-
artlsts can take off with their integrated handl-
ing of the traditional school curriculum.

ESYTl has been to more than a hundred
schools since it began its work, and the recep-
tion in those schools has been enthusiastic. it is
easy to understand why. What better way to

Somewhat Slightly Dazed

Richard Goes To Hell

The crowd, although small, was a refreshing
change from the usual array of beer guzzlr‘rs
that comprise an Albany concert crowd. Yes
son, there are people who don't wear flannel
shirts, Levi's and construction boots. The
costumed punkers, in thin dark sunglasses,
thin ties. and various states of stupor, crowded
around the stage at LLB. Scott's jerking up and

’ down in what could best be described as a

modern day rain dance, They had gathered to
see Hell, and hell is exactly what they got.

Cliff Sloan

‘ Richard Hell is a hard-core, definitive punk
rocker. His shows are guaranteed sell-outs at
'CBGB's and Max's Kansas City every time.
Hell was a major force in the “original” punk
movement, gaining notaricty alongside “The
Sex Pistols" and "Talking Heads” in 1977,
with his only LP entitled Blank Generation.
He rehearsed with "Television", (another
punk-based NYC band which later gained
notariety) long before anyone had ever heard
of Joey Ramone. The music is urbane,
calloused, and drug-ridden. His lyrics,

 

 

    

i- ~p  \l

berpetua/ dive. "

depressing and suicidal, bear titles like “Love ‘
Comes in Spurts," "Betrayal Takes Two," and '
“Who Says (it's Good To Be Alive)?" Who ‘
says it's good to be alive? It ain't no good, it's a ‘
perpetual dive." These lyrics accurately
paraphrase Hell’s outlook on life. in "Slum
Journal". a continuing series of articles written
by Hell and published In The East Village Eye,
he writes "History is a complete lie. That
special phenomenon which separates man
from other beings. it doesn't exist. it's a form
of sentimentality. it's a joke. History is a joke.
‘Belief' is another human fallacy . . ." Some of
Hell's more creative moments gave birth to im-
ages like “in the foggy skies above the grvy

- and pink bricks of ghetto New York a lone

filthy bleeding pigeon is electrocuted by a flash

‘ of lightening, no, it’s a tongue, no i saw

something pink . . . the pigeon doesn't have
any feathers. it falls onto a jagged black roof."
He carries an air of depressing,violent
vengence. But no matter how pessimistic
Hell's images and lyrics get, they cannot
match the depression which one feels after
spending money on one of his concerts.

The Void Olds, Hell's band, relentlessly

i- ......~.-...-.u.,.c..._._._...-..t._.c...._ .,.... .. m... c...

. .n.

Aspects, on,.Tuosdgy.,

 

Empire Theater: The Mars The Thing.

    

Empire Theater's leaching-actors in The Importance of Being Earnest. “You have that sparkl-

ing of genius but then you have to apply it to the teaching process."

’ capture a student's interest In a subject than to

invest it with the action and rauie dazzle of
theater?

Mr. Benn characterized the working at-
mosphere at the institute 'as, first of all,
familial. "You get the artistic," he said, “the
disciplined side of it - but also that ad lib quali-
ty. You have that sparkling of genius, but then

grind out unmelodlc noise, sounding much
like my laundrr.mat on a crowded day. Hell,
looking like a spasticated Fonzl, bellowed out
completely lnaudlble vocals, rendering all the
songs unrecognizable until one sifted through
the noisy rubble to faintly identify a simple,
repetitive chorus. i went to piss after the se—
cond song —~ lusually hold it in. Hell's musical
attempts included his new import single, "The
Kid with the Replaceable Head", “Love
Comes in Spurts", and “Blank Generation".
“Blank Generation" was the “encore” (no one

w

you have to apply It in an orderly fashion to
the teaching process." Having seen both
Twelfth Night and The Lark. l have to say that
the balance Mr. Benn speaks of is probably the
most impressive thing about ESYTl's work:
they maintain a stunning level of performing
professionalism for a company that spehds at
least half of its time teaching.

really called for it). which concluded the 45
minute show. "The Neighborhoods", a more
than capable warmvup band, upstaged Hell

and the Void Olds, and most of the crowd ex-
ited before Hell had completed his musical
version of "The Sting".

This is not to say that this writer doesn’t
have a test for good, strong, punkish bands.
On the contrary, lam an avid fan of The Talk—
ing Heads, Patti Smith, and the NY. Dolls,
but Richard Hell's basement band is definitely

'to be aVOlDed.

Oregon nestaccs
Acoustic Fusion

Downbeat magazine has called Oregon the
“state of acoustic fusion". and aside from the
pun, it describes as well as any label the mix-
ture of music that is Oregon. As musicians, the
band adopts influences from the East as well
as Western classical traditions, and brings
them to bear on improvisational forms. All
four play a wide variety of instruments, which
enables them to produce stark variations in
tonal color. ~ -

Rube Cinque

 

 

Their latest album, Roots in the Sky, is their
third on the Elektra label. and it is a continua-
tion of the style of their first two Elektra
releases. Ralph Towner, guitarist- pianist-
horn player, wrote about half the pieces, with
Glen Moore, Paul McCandless, and Colin
Walcott contributing the remainder. The corn-
pcser's role in this congregation, however, is
relatively open—ended. ,Each Oregoner is
highly proficient at creating his own lines - the
Composer defines the direction of the music;
he doesn't dictate notes to be played.
"Hungry Heart," by Paul McCandless, is a fine
example of this: his oboe melody is a‘pensive
one, and every, otherlnstrument reinforces

this mood. The 'pie'céfe'xlhlbltssubtle‘ changer. ‘

of texture, with undetectable transitions ex-
pected of a group with Oregon's talent.

For Oregon fans, there are no major sur-
prises on this album; just the usual supply of
pleasing little ones. Glen Moore, for example,
is particularly fine on "Vessel." He juxtaposes
bowed and pizzicato notes on bass to sound
very much like a horn, and his composilion,
the title cut, cooks the most.

With no drummer, it would seem that a
group such as Oregon would be locked into an
ethereal, esoteric sort of music. But what per—
cussionist Colin Walcott lacks in sheer volume,
he more than makes up for with a variety of
Eastern instruments and a highly developed
sense of rhythm. He carries hisucomposltion,
“Sierra Leone", almost single handedly, play-
ing a wood flute as well as the multitracked
percussion. The other instruments are mostly
filling in some of the colors; the piece is almost
pure percussion, '

Oregon uses very little overdubbing on their
records, and as a result, their live perfor-
mances are every bit as exciting as their
records. What’s more, rather than rely on the

they use it only when it adds
to the music. Overdubbed or not,
in the Sky is acollection at music from a
g group of musicians in their most pro-
..  lo d9“: , M.  

   
 

