t«._~_ v-A.!,‘r.. . . -. . . ..-.-.--._.....~_ Wm-..“

 

 

 

~.a..._,.‘ i. pint—«W

Mswhuuvlcirﬁt'" "my

 

Class of ’81

Gives you what you

want!

A Trip To Boston

Nov. 16 to 18
Leaving from the circle at
' 1:30 pm Friday
Leaving Boston at 2:00

pm Sunday

Clas

member
$19.81

$30.00
$39.00

Bus only:
Bus with quad occupancy
Bus with double occupancy

5 Non

member
$22.00
$34.00
$43.00

Tickets will be sold in the Campus
Center from 10 am to 4 pm Monday,
Wednesday, Thursday and Friday.

For more information call: Gary

7-8087

 

Aspects

Page 80

  
  
  

 

  

 

e 90

 

 

 

  
 

 

Aspects

 

 

Elton John
O O 0

When Elton John cries wolf. he does it in a
big way. The man who was last on stage in
New York over three years ago is back in Tire
City this week in a shrunken auditorium (the
previous one was the Garden. now it's the
Palladium) with‘ a shrunken band (from six
sidemen to one). This is the last in a series of
stands from Los Angeles to London to Russia
alter Elton had publicly and uneauivocally
retired from the road permanently.

Jay Gissen

That was a sad and remarkable moment for
me. for it marked a division that ended a mini
era for a certain. valid type of rock 'n roll.
Elton John ruled rock alone for four full years
as the business' top superstar. He was prolific
in his diverse catalogue. famous for exciting.
stunt-filled shows. and interesting in that his
progression has marked a true career. taking
him throughjchanges. cult to megamil. cool to
clunk. punch to pop. young to somewhat
older.

it's been ten full years since Elton John (nee
Reginald Dwight) first burst on to the
American musical scene with an album of the
same rrarrie land a single from it that was the
initial propulsion in the rocket a lame ‘on a
stream of songs that. despite their multi-
million dollar overplay images. are still ar-
tistically valid as the work of one of the seven
tiirs' great talents.

It was "Your Song". a touching ode to any
man's woman or any woman's man that first
moved people in 1969. and perked their ears
to this pudgy. four»eyed piano player who was
jumping all over his instrument in concert and
had his best friend write his lyrics. Bernie
Taupin.

 

 

 

ems Eastman
ell
($13“ 91' ’5’

@- A
./w.

 

(trim

 

 

tinnitus

 

 

 

it

10" Pg“ “C
6/0“

VJE . \ \

 

 

. ._._ ,3
qzcooot T

' -~-;.‘\t.\

%

irith
DAVE WALSH
lead guitar & vocals
RON LANE
rhythm guitar 8t vocals
STEVE KAULFUSS
bass guitar
JOHN BOCHENER

drums

Featuring the Best in Country Rock & Swing

A COMPLETE LINE
OF YOUR FAVORITE
MIXED DRINKS

A SELECTION OF FINE WINES

DISPENSEI) FROM OUR

DECORATIVE WINE BARRELS

ALL YOUII I‘OPyLAR BRANDS OF BEER AND ALE

IAP PLUS A FULL LINE
OF lMI’OIiTED BOTTLED BEERS

NEW YORK STYLE

HOT BUTTER FLAVORED
SOFT szgiTZELS I’Ol’ CORN

20‘ Rt 40'

BUBBLING HOMEMADE
PUB PIZZA I’IE

cranrneil with sausage Er anions
40‘

mﬂfﬁmmmﬁw

   
  
  
  

:ifrﬂtap 8c ﬁaturbap, QBctuher 26 8c 27

11A!

itK urxmvamrutv

6 p.111. —-1:30 am.

illniuzriittu Auxiliary Emitter Spurinureit

At the time of Elton's initial popularity. his
appeal went out not to mid-teen boys and girls
liiidirrg their first rock idol. but to a
sophisticated college and older aged crowd.
who could appreciate Bernie's poetic imagery.
and. as Elton toured small arenas such as the
Troubador and New York's now defunct
Filmore East. quickly appreciated and spread
the word about the exhilarating expositions an
Elton concert entailed.

Songs like “Sixty Years On". “Take Me To
The Pilot" and "Border Song" became imA
mediate FM “hits”. and “Your Song" was a big
AM hit as well. Elton himself was a little taken
aback at the sudden American recognition. for
he had met with limited success in Europe.
and had been told that America was a tough
egg to crack.

Elton and Bernie's immediate fascination
with America surfaced in the very next album.
Tumbleweed Connection. With this release
coming quick on the heels of the first LP.
Elton's name was kept in the American rock
press. The man was still a relatively minor
figure in music. but his following was definitely
growrng.

Tumbleweed Connection was a terrific
record. as good as the first. Filled with images
of American history and traditions. it was also
the first album of Elton's that utilized a regular
band as opposed to the session musicians he
met while recording his very first LP. Empty
Sky. Caleb Quaye. Roger ' Pope. Davey
Johristone. Dee Murray and Nigel Olsson
were a few names that remained with Elton all
the way until 1976. Producer Gus Dudgeon
was also there for that duration.

Again. Tiirirbleweed was just an FM hit.
with no singles at all. and it prompted WABC-

 

 

. t’sA

FM (now WPLJ) to invite Elton to do a live
radio concert over the air. Elton did the show.
and the results were so positive. that bootleg
upon bootleg appeared all over the nation
within a week. To counter this. Elton released
an album of the show. 11-1770.
A few short months after this came Madman
Across The Water. his fourth album here in
less than two years Elton still had no number
one singles or albums. and his jump to
superstardom was not to begin for about
another year. But it was the Madman album
that first planted the seeds of rejection among
the sophisticates. and brought in a slightly
younger audience. The album met with mostly
bad reviews. knocking Elton for lavish string
production among other things. The LP. look-
ing back. was a good one. and the title track
stands out as a classic for both the words and
the incredible arrangement. One of the more
popular tracks was "Levon". which later sar-
laced again on Greatest Hits. Volume Two in
late 1977
With the release of the next album. Elton
made some changes and decisions that lacked
him on a course to the moon in glitter and
eight inch heels. His hand had evolved into a
tight three piece back-up of Johnstone on
guitar. Murray on bass and Olsson on drums.
He bought a studio in an old castle in France.
and would write and record there for his next
three albums.
llonky Chateau. named after the castle was
a turning point for Elton. Released in early
1972. it featured Elton's first two monster hits.
"Honky Cat" and “Rocket Man". it was his
first number one LP on both sides of the Atlan-
tic. and the tour that ensued was the first that
found Elton wearing some strange specs and
some even stranger outfits. Apparently. Elton
had made the decision to pick upon the quick
success of the album and singles. and went on
to the superstar's brick road fast and furiously.
Honky Chateau got mostly good reviews
but that didn't matter E.) was a man in de-
mand. and all of a sudden. reviews didn't
mean a damn thing.
Elton followed these mainstream successes
with an album that was obviously conceived

with the idea of Iviing that image of a pop star/

up. Don't Shoot Me. I'm Only The Plarib
Player. Released in 1972. it featured two
more of his biggest singles. "Crocodile Rock"
and "Daniel". about a Vietnam war veteran.
By now. Etlon's following had just about com-
pletely switched. from the college aged middle
of the readers to youngsters who would be
iitillated by glitter. the destruction of a few
piano henclres every concert. aird number
one hit after hit.

Don't Shoot Me was his second number
one LP but it wasn't until one year later that
Elton released the record that gave him artistic
recognition and superstar reception all in one.
Goodbye Yellow Brick Road was an instant
smash. a classic recording. an album that was
number one for thirteen weeks and met with
just about universal rave reviews. The music
on it was diverse. moving. well-performed.
and the lyrics were some of Bernie's best ever.

There was the poignant "Candle in the
Wind." an ode to Marilyn Monroe. “Funeral
for a Friend." an instrumental that is often hail-
ed as Elton's greatest work. the power pun-
ching "Saturday Night's Allrlght For Fighting".
the titletrack. and even a spontaneous live cut.
“Bennie and the Jets.‘

Composed on a weekend in Jamaica when
his plane was being repaired. Yellow Brick

   

ad marked Ellon‘s creative ind artistic
" k. He had reached a pinnacle. and. for the
‘ t three years. rested on it cornrnercinrla in
‘ ally. he had very l.ttle rest at all
be 1973 tour featured most of iionrllwc
Don't Shoot Me. and it “as i '\'Il|ir‘.15.
9 run of shows that seriously \“.lliill~l\‘(l
n to the point where he “as it ".l cil tI~ take
unplanned for vacation in llaunri l-culing
‘vinated. but with a tight schedule of con»
all over the globe. he hadn't the time or
nation to travel to the rustic id record
decided to record iir Colorado at the
bou ranch. and in a ridiculous eight days.
had air album named after the site
ariborr was an interesting release of
rse. it was a terrific seller. btrt more than
. it seemed that Elton was turning strictly
a pop crowd. The design was banal. and
't Let The Sun Go Down (in Me" and

  
 

       
  

 
 

 
 

     
 
  

 
 

        
 
    

 
 

    
          
   
  

  

  
      
       
  
  

 
 

   
 
      
      
     
 

  

          
    
   

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

1 ﬁle Bit Fun

"The Bitch Is Back" just provided two more
singles on the l'iltcin bandwagon Personally.
lthon hated the album and was quickly sorry
for releasing it. but ironically enough. "()orr:t
Let The Sun" earried- hitn his first and only
Grammy award ever.

/\ I‘l7il American tour followed right on the
heels of the extended W73 one. and the
costumes were more lavish than ever. .is was
the show. It began with a terrific opening of
"Funeral For a Friend". proceeded through a
two and a half lroirr set of a variety of his
recordings. and culminated in a twenty rnrriute
version of "Saturday Night" Once again.
l'thrrii ended the tour with a .r smcre t'ttsi‘ of
exhaustion. Almost three stiriighl years of in
cessaul tciui'rng was over. and Elton decided to
take a little more time in planning his next
album. the autobiographical (.‘iiptuiir l-iiir
tiistic tlfItf the Brown Dirt (,‘oiufroy

 

     

. ' ﬂu, .
(.‘aptiriir Fantastic was a remarkable album
for its current aird its effect on the record in- '

dustry. It was the first album to have advance
orders of over one million before having even
a note recorded it was the first album ever to
enter the charts in the number one position. it

was also thtI file liltnrr .illiunr iii a while that

had no planned single release

0f course. the radius picked up on

“Someone Saved My Life Tonight", sending it ..

to iiiirriber two. The entire album was an
autirlriirgrnpliical look at the road Elton and
Bernie took to the inevitable top. It was a
(Hill hing scrapbook til rneiirories that converg-
ed to form one of his most solid works. it met
with lukewarm reviews. but that .lidn't stop it
from selling well- over four million Copies
liltnrr decided that he didn't have the energy
to tour it. save lor a few shows in London
continued on Illa

  
      
  

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  

   
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

~a
—
u
.0
n,
—

 

 

 

   

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

      
       

 

 

 

lt‘s unfortunate for the horror movie cori-
noisseur that there seems to be an unseasonal
shortage of frightening fllrn fare this year The
summer saw several horror movies. longing in
quality from Alien. (well-done and scary no
matter what the down-state critics say) to I’m-
plrecy. which even People Magazine didn't
like. Dawn of the Dead was a black comedy
more than anything else. and The Allitfyflffft’
Horror had the same effect on many
moviegoers. though i thought it had a few
good chills in it. Dracula was a disappointment
to everyone. except the nrany women who
were so taken with Frank Langclla they all but
forgot lie was a vampire.

Jim Dixon

Summer's gone. and with it. most of the
horror movies This is a pity. especially to
those of us for whom l’lallovvi'en is the holi
day There are almost no horror. suspense or
even monster movies out right now. The two
contenders (there are only two) are When A
Stranger (Stills and The Legacy Of them.
When A Stranger Calls is the better but

Solidly placed in the genre of films that i’il
compasses f’syrlro. fftlff()tt|t'(’li. .iiid Strunqu
In The lfmtsr’. When A Slrrrrigct (frills pits illl
young girl against a ruthless
She Is, of coriise. littliljstllllltl

 

innocent
psycliopath
She gets threatening phone mils ("l law you
(her lit'tl lllt‘ ilrtlilr'en'r‘ Why you
t'ltl‘tltt'il lltt' (lllllll’l'f1‘) I want your blood rlll
iivi'i iiri- “l She calls the police Tin-y trace llll’

firivctr't

call,

"ilill \vv'w llitt l‘tl the call it's i inning from
inside, the lrrinsii

Sllt’ is \ert‘tl by litillt't‘llltlll (Thrir'les (turning
just rtr lllllt‘ ()iir lli'to (it's fit‘illlitllillllf’ to root
for 'llt' psyiliii) has torn llli’ t'ltlltllt’ll .rp.irt
wrtli l‘tlll' hands rtilil siircrrri'il their blood .ill
lin't himself The kit It in the lll'itfl Is that till»
trike-i place before the first reel is even (|"t'l
The rest of the story (til-14‘s [llilft‘ seven yinns
lrtlt't (tin llt'lil has escaped (ruin the asylum,
and (,hrirli's [turning lirrs llt’tlll llll't'll by the
frillli'l (ll lltl' illllltli'lt‘il t‘ltllfllt'tt to catch lllllt
Dinning. now ti lillVillt' rli'cti'itrvu. taken the
case The catch 1“. he want the
psyt lioprrtli behind bars. he wants lrrrri
underground.

Thus. in a beautiful v

iliresir't

   

  

' itiirn on formula.

I‘".'  ' "
 Halloween “OI’I'OE‘

Our Hero is the terrified vicliirr. being hunted
and chased l‘ear not. though. lllt‘ film reverts
to formula for the climax, illlll si'ii'tirirs are
guaranteed.

When A Stronger (‘rills is not a suspense
filtn. You seldom think ahead or worry about
what could happen It's all iii the moment:
what's happening right now it works well.
The acting is professional ((Thtirles l')urning
and (lirril Katie. who plays the terrified
babysitter are both highly iinili'rratetl per
formers) and the technical credits are hiin
quality This is not .i deep trr profound film.
but it should I11r|l(t' irrirst .iriyonir's heart hunt a
little faster for a couple of hours.

And on the other llillltl. thi-r'c's The Legacy
The Logitry is about two llt'rtllllflll l../\. or
chili'cts (Katherine Ross and Sam filliot) who
get a mysterious assignment in liiigland. in a
tir tnotirc ce is iiri off the
, ._ .

v i.‘ I

    

strani e accident

a

    

    
    

 

rotid by 4 !{oils litiyci' (look. if you're going to
lti' run off lllt' road. nt'ver' settle for less than
(lll' best) They agree to spend the night wrtlr
lllt' rnystcirrrtrs owner of the fftrlls lfiryt'i' rti his
large illttl very t-i'rii' castle Naturally. once
they get llll'l't‘. the owner disappears lind they
fllltl tliurnselvw. in lllt' company of a nurse and
ii while i .it The nurse and the white cat are
Ili'\t‘t ‘Vt'f‘ll together You don't suppose...
Anyway. .i t'illlt't tion of lluropurin beautiful
people arrive by llt'llt‘tlplt’l ftrr some sort of
ritual. They assumi- Ms Ross is one of them.
ilfl(l treat Mr. lillioi .is ii nuisance. That even-
ing, one of (lll‘ guests mysteriously dies iii the
swriirrnirrg pool and the now invisible htisl
age-t ii lot We find lllrll he has magical powers
one of the going to inherit.
(Presumably the fillt' who doesn't meet a hut

   

guests is

 

lllili' death.) .

   

 

Naturally. Katherine Ross is supposed to in
hunt them because she looks jiist like a portrait
til the great grriirdiriothcr. and
because t'\’t’l\'tllli' is scared ftl death of the
idea of inheriting rirrrgicnl powers Ilf1(l beautiful
(if ('(‘Lli‘l linglr-rlr estates. she and Sam filliot
spend most of lllt' i'riivii' trying to run away
(tinstrci'i-sslulli/l while the rust of the griists
ineet horrible tli'aths (finger llaliry meets a
particularly lrtirrrbli' irni' choking to (lt’i'lllI on
(I (‘llll'kl'll bone while eating hatri Very tacky )

Because i don't think iliH/llllt' \l1()lll(l pay to
see this. (‘iaiibtt to wait h ti rock star choke to
death is ii (iii l1t‘it\‘ill ldiin't tlritik it'll hurt to
illt'llllttlt that Ms Ross dot-s inherit the nnrgrcal
powers and the beautiful (if i-erii-l (English
estate. and she and Sam decide it) li'.'tI thanl
happily (ivvrrrflcr So much fr >1 the consistency

owni'i's

of t’llrtl‘ill’li'l‘l/illlt)ll

This is the sort of stuff that was so much fun
on Dork Sfrirrfrriiis. yet it's boring here There
is no suspense. rllItl evi'n lllt' shock value stuff
is dull The horrible deaths are big nothings.
Anyoni' scared of this schlock should avoid
the re release of Sleeping Beauty as well.

'l'eclinicnlly. The Legacy is fantastic. which
makes it all the most frustrating that it's so
damn dull The photography is gorgeous. and
the rnovic is full of wonderful tingliin scenery
'lhei'i: is some good direction iii places. and
Katherine Ross is every bit as beautiful as the
day she made fltiiclr Cassitfy And The Stur~
tftlllr‘t’ l\'i'rl it's not enough though. The
Legacy is bad enough to be boring. not bad
enough to be funny.

for those in search of a perfect llilllfl\\'t’l‘11
evening. When A Stranger (‘irlls is (I pretty
good bet Otherwise. check local T.V listings.
llilllit’ Box Office subscribers should have a
bloody ririnp with a triple bill of Stranger In
The House. I’lionttrsru and The f'iu'y l‘liS is
r'er'urrnirrg the three part BBC adaptation of
Dracula. which stars Frank l‘inlay its the
fearless vampire hunter. l‘rot. \(rlll lli-lsing.
and l.ouis Jourdan in the titlv role, (This. by
the way. by far the best version of the classic
novel ever to hit the screen )

Those who are looking for llllttt' active ways
to spend lllt' holiday should start shopping
around now for the best local buy. on eggs

 

 

and shaving creams Those who intend to stay
home and watch T V. shirulil lllill' thi-rr tins
 —' m” “ ‘mmw “" c‘ "" ' ' " "

 

 

 

 

 

