aw“ ‘. .

 

The purpose of a college education is:

a) to prepare the student for a future profes-
sion ‘

b) to produce a well-rounded liberally
educated individual

c) to contribute to the individual's matura‘
tion process

d) to teach students to avoid multiple choice
questions

‘e) all. some. or none of the above.

' ﬁlth Berelson

School Days, School Days. Dear Old Golden
Rule Days
Presumably, the purpose of attending col-
' lege is to become educated. but what exactly is
meant by an education? Should the college
classroom education be a broad-based
academic study, a pre-professionai training
ground or a combination of both?

According to the Atlantic Monthly article
“Skipping Through College." both
philosophies have had their ups and downs.
‘For the last 150 years or longer. American
ducation has seen a swing of the pendulum
>etween scholasticism and vocationalism and
-etween permissiveness and authorita-
rlanism." The pendulum appears to be swing-
.ng back now from the politically-oriented.
.berally based education of the 6fl's'to a pro—
esslonalistic trend for the 70's caused by a
tight economy. This Is partially evidenced by a
sudden surge of interest in the study of such
fields as business and accounting.

According to Dean William Holstein of the
School of Business, the percentage of students
applying to the school of business rose from
about 3 percent in 1969 to 40 percent last
year. while size oi the school's accepted enroll~
ment has maintained a fairly steady rate with
some modest growth.

The general trend appears to be for students
to look to a college education to offer some
preparation for a future career rather than of-
ferlng solely a liberal education. Steve. a
freshman contemplating an accounting major.
feels a student must consider the future when
choosing a major and planning a curriculum of
study. “ldealistically. I really wouldn‘t care
about the career but practically speaking the
career is very important . . . The unfortunate
thing is that if it has to be (a choice of) one or
the other. l feel that the career is the one that
has to take precedence."

Some students. despite the current trend of
practicality in education. still opt for the tradi~
tionally scholastic philosophy.

"1 don't think education's purpose is to get

 

 

 

you a job. You use training for that." said
Debra, a mdll’l and Spanish major. She felt it

was "pretty ironic" that she would probably

never use either major for something

marketable but said. “That doesn't make me

like them any.less. l'm not sorry i took them

because i really enjoyed it and l’m satisfied

with the knowledge. Education is something i

use for me. training that i've gotten elsewhere

is something i use for a job."

Jill's expectations of college life also con-
formed more closely with the “old fashioned"
knowledge for the sake oi knowledge attitude
as opposed to the current trend of professional
training. “i expected to meet all these brilliant
people and read all these brilliant books. get
drunk and sit around philosopliizing in dorm
rooms until 5 in the morning. As a matter of
fact. that's what i did during my freshman
year."

in choosing courses .lill said. "i took things I
was interested in regardless oi marketable
value." For now she says she's satisfied. but
she adds. “On the other hand l'm graduating
in May and l have no plans. But l'm glad i did
it."

Kathy feels that a college education helped
her discover her interests. “That‘s helpful for
finding a job but my main interest is not learn
ing just to find a job."

She began. as a freshman. taking a wide
variety of courses and eventually settled on
anthropology as a major. Due to job market
considerations. Kathy had decided upon com-
puter science as her second field. She chang-
ed her mind after a few courses because she
found she “couldn't stand it anymore."

Although Sue is glad she majored in
Spanish. she says that if she had her college
career to live over again she would have taken
business or computer science courses. "i feel
business courses would break the ice in enter-
ing the job market." She feels that improved
advisement and a smattering of "practical"
courses would have better prepared her for
the outside world. “i feel like l'm going to be
Don Quixote going out of here."

Some students found the combination of a
liberal arts major and a more "practical" se-
cond field a satisfactory solution to the
SClIOlanlClSm versus professionalism conflict.
Debbie majored in sociology but felt her
studies were not geared for a specific career
She chose business as her second field
because she "was interested in business.
especially marketing and (she) also knew (she)
was going to have to get a job."

William Grimes. director of Humanities and
Fine Arts Advisement Center. stresses that

  

both academic and professional skills are to be
gained from a liberal arts education. “We feel
people have tended to lose sight of the most
important things to be gained in a college
education." People, said Grimes. develop
new interests which make life more enjoyable
and make the people more interesting to
themselves and to others. The individual also
seeks to gain skills and attitudes central to
careers: the ability to reason. analyze. think
and express oneself clearly. it is not the
memorization of particular facts that is impor-
tant: “What you carry on is an understanding
of where to find facts you need. it's for this
reason that a lot of business and professional
schools are weighing liberal arts backgrounds
of students more seriously."

An examination of the wide variety of
undergraduate fields represented iii SUNYA's
MBA program bears this point out. According
to Dean Holstein. a total of 38 different
undergraduate degrees are represented
among the 70 or so MBA candidates this year.
“One student last year had an undergraduate
degree in sacred music."

Holstein says that the concern of the
business school is to “build a framework that
will enable the student to apply the disciplines
to a world of practical affairs." It is for this
reason that the “native” SUNYA
undergraduate business majors follows a cur»
riculum with a liberal learning base while
transfer students and MBA candidates. who
usually have a liberal background follow a pro
gram which emphasizes professional basis of
the education.

But what about the liberal arts major that
has no background in business and wishes to
enter the job market? Although not impossi-
ble. says Holstein. it's becoming increasingly
difficult for the liberal arts major to enter the
business world. He stresses the importanct' of
finding some direction in their career goal and
to do something about acquiring the skills they
would need for that goal. "There's a
frustratingly large number of liberal arts
graduates without the foggit-st idea of what
they want to do."

One of the ways that sortie students gain ex-
perience and direction for a future career is
through extracurricular activities. Mike. a
political science major planning to study law.
felt that his work in student government gave
him many practical experiences (iii speech»
making. knowledge of the media and public
life) that “could never have been duplicated lit
the classroom."

Lee has found her work as a tutor at the
LaSalle School in downtown Albany (a secon-

 

 

  
 

dary school for boys who had been referred
there because of behavioral problems) has
confirmed her interest in a career involving
social work. As a psychology major. Lee
found her classroom experiences provided her
with “workable theory" that could be applied
to her volunteer work.

Other students discovered an unexpected
vocation through extracurricular activities
Brian. a SUNYA alumnus who majored in
English originally joined the ASP staff because
he was interested iii writing. After some time
in an editorial position. he became interested
in the advertising and composition depart-
ments of the newspaper. Although his original
interest in learning composition skills was
monetary (he was putting himself through
school at the time). he found that he enjoyed
the designing aspect of his work. Brian now is
working near Albany for an advertising agency
as a graphic artist and is quite enthusiastic
about his job,

Although he is glad that he majored in
English. he stresses the importance of students
“getting some sort of (work) experience even if
on a limited basis. such as through volunteer
work. to help develop an idea of what they
might want to do. Getting a taste of work
could be just as important as getting good
grades —~ in my case it was even more impor-
tatit."

in addition to job-marketability. students
also stress the importance of a sense of per-
sonal enjoyment and satisfaction with their
chosen field.

"Some people are born thinking they want
to be a doctor and they get up here and find
they don't. i wanted to be'a dentist when [got
here." said Jon who is now a business major.
“l'm finding out that l'm a lot more interested
in business than i ever thought i would be."

Mike. an English Education major. was
originally planning on pursuing a major in
business his freshman year. "it seemed that
everyone was taking business courses so i took
them but i found out that it wasn't for me, i
wouldn‘t want the kind of life an accountant
has. working 9 to 5 doing problems all day."

Ron. on the other hand. decided upon an
accounting major because he had taken ac-
counting courses in high school and found
that the area appealed to him. After his recent
working experience with accountants and
three years of college study. he is sure he has
found his desired field. “it's not something a
lot of people like or even something you like
riglii off the hat. but i enjoy it."

For Diane. volunteer work at the Capital
District Psychiatric Center enabled her to nar«
row down her specific interests within her field
of psychology. l‘or example. she found that
she preferred working with it wide variety of
people for shorter periods of time as opposed
to working with it limited number of people for
extended durations.

Rick. a biology major who is planning on o
medical career. found that his experience with
Five Quad Ambulance service put his rtiinor
frustrations in course work into ' proper
perspective. “if you blow it test and later

answer an atiibulance call rind help someone
out you routine that this is really what is irnpor‘
taint. The test was nothing."

“You shouldn't let your schooling get fit the
way of your education. "
- Mark Twain
Whether scholastic or practical in educa-
tional philosophy. almost all students inter-
viewed expressed the desire to become
“well»rounded". that is. to have a background
in various disciplines.
“i thought I would get it more Well-rounded

THEORY oF

\AS‘liftRf’f

  

 

 

 

faNES —Go Nib
DISCOVER Einrrem's

RanTivtrx.,....ANt>
BE our or 2-30

 

Cesare

 

  

New-Look Danes Showcase
Depth And Backcourt ' 

by Paul Schwartz

Take an Albany State basketball
team that went 20—7 and made an
appearance in the NCAA playoffs a
year ago. and remove its two leading
scorers and rebounders. Then add
the return of a stellar guard who is
back after a ones—year hiatus. and
combine him with an assortment of
scrappy role players. What emerges
is the 1979—80 Danes »7 a squad
whose success will stem frorn its abili-
ty to gel as a total team.

Despite the loss of the 31.7 points

and 16.1 rebounds per game pro-
vided by graduated posttnen Barry
Cavanaugh and Carmelo Verdejo.
Albany should again field a team
capable of challenging for the
SUNYAC championship. Seven
players return from the Dane squad
that was defeated by one point in the
first round of the NCAA Southern
Regional in Danville. Kentucky. iiit(l
two eligible transfers and two further
junior varsity players are on liriiKl as
well But the one problem of a year
rigo w a steady playmrikr-r ~ Is now
a considerable strength. for
Winston Royal is brick in the Daint-
lineup. Named the Albany team
MVP two years .igri. Royal spent last
season L'aptriliiirig the Dominican
Republic Nrrtinntil Tl’tliil. rind the
5-0 speedster will spend this
season as the l'rl|)lt|lil rind floor
gent-nil of tlio Dunes.

"We have more evenness of ability
lllrllt \Vt' did lilSl your. and we have
pretty good depth." Stiffl Albruiy
Stritt- liritrki'tbrill conch Dick Sorters.
now fit his 25th unison ris lllt‘ innit-Kr
iiieiitrii. "er don't lirin.I .inyliody
right now lliqtl looks like an
All State plrryer. i'xt't'pt iiiriylie for
Winston. but we have ri lot of guys
who can j7lr|V pretty well.

 

Rebounding Major Concern

“Our main goal Is to try and win
the conference. and realistically. we
have a good shot at it. We're iint the
favorite. but i would say we have it
good shot. That's our goal. and to
go as far as we can from there."

For the Danes to win the
SUNYAC title. they must finish in
first or second place in the
newly-formed six-team eastern
conierencu. The top two east teams
will then face the western conference
representatives in an elimination
tournament to determine the
SUNYAC champion and the

automatic NCAA playoff bid .

ii Albany is to accomplish these
lolly aspirations. it will be due to
their riblltty to fill the void left by the
departure of C(lVrliiilllglldllL’ Danni's
starting center for the past four
years. tilld Verdejo. the leading
scorer of .i season ago. “i don't think
We are going to replace them imr
niediritely." sriirl Sauors. “l tlilnk we
are going to replace them a little ill a
time and wttli more than two peo-
ple."

Although Sorters lititl not decided
on .i fiiiriliAi-d strirtiiig lineup at
presstiino. tlnI vriciited center spot
will probably be filled by Kelvin
.lories. Seeing action as (I N‘SUI'W‘
(‘t'illt‘i' in rill 27 games last season.
.lom-s averaged 3.3 points and 4.0
rebounds tilt outing. ttlitl will be
counted on for n more. substantial
contribution this season At 0-6.
2i5|bs.. Jones is not the offensive
threat that Crivnnaugh was. but. “(1‘

cording to Sauers. has the potential
to be it stronger rebounder.

"Kelvln's it better jumper than
Barry was. iiild he's stronger and a
little more powerful." said Sauers.
"if he puts his mind to it rind gets
himself in position. Kelvin should be
a better rebounder than either
Cavaruiugli or Verdejo.

"Kelvin has been here for three
years. and he's improved a great
deal each year. and this year is no
exception. i don't look for Kelvin to
score 1516 points a game. i think
we look for blrn to one. rebound bet-
ter than the two big guys we had last
year. Two. to neutralize the other
team's big man, and i think also to be
on the offenslvr.I boards illitl get two
or three hoops a game for us. i think
he's going to have sortie good
games. and i think there's going to
be a lot of games where he's going to
get four or five points and still do a
job for us if that's all he gets."

in the Danes November 17 scrim-
mage. rit Bentley College. forwards
.loe tflffllldlf and Roy Cesare wortI
placed in the starting lineup. and ac
cording to Stitiers. tin! "the lending
candidates. all things being mn-
sidered." In Cesare. Alhriny has .i
veteran (7'4 fi‘OiilCitiil‘lliltiii who
Sorters crills "really still ll”
overgrown guard." indeed. (Ti-sare's
197870 statistics belie his coach‘s
claim: l'ie collected only (it) re
bounds per (Jilliit' but handed out it
team-high Hit as . including two
eight assist outings. And despite his

 

height. Cesiire's points (0.0 a game
ast season) come primarily frorn an
accurate jumpshoi.

“Ray seems to be bigger rind a lit-
tle stronger than lie was last year. but
he's still not as strong as i would like
liirii to be inside." saidSatters. "He's
a very Stuart player. and we need
him in there. because when he is in.
things move. He tnoves the ball. he
gives himself up »— he makes the rest
of the team look better. i would like
to get more rebounding out of him
thoriin l’d also like to see him be a
double figure scorer this year. [think
we need him to be a doubleiigure
scorer."

tlednok's performance could
either make or break the Dana's
season. As the starting center on last
year's junior Varsity squad. .lednak
produced at o 17.7 point clip, arid is
now being flSlttttl to step in and con-
trihttte at the varsity level. l'lis rug-
gedness (6-5 200 lbs.) rind u reliable
outside shot will be needed for
Albany to be competitive against
liirger tennis inside. tlll(l it will be
rlednrik's untested ability in one facet
 consistent rebounding 7 that

could be the difference in I‘ll itllL’t'Kly
tight SUNYAC race.

“line should also be tI butter re-
bounder than either CithllldtltJll or
Verdejo." Surfers said. “i le's not (I5
quick as Carmelo. but he's stronger.
and a better jtirriper than
Cnvzinriiigh. So i think it's it matter
of experience with rlednak. lie may
tint he t'lglit now. but eventually he

SIAUUld be a better rebounder than
the two guys we had last year. He
should also score similar to Kelvin.
Joe's u better shooter from the high '
post and be has a little better range .
so he may shoot more from there.
and it's not bad for him to do that."
With the return of Royal. the

guard situation went from solid to
superlative. Filling the role of a
classic point guard. Royal simply
does not lose possession of the ball.
owns a deft shooting touch. has the
quickness to gamble on defense.
and can even grab some rebounds
with his jumping ability. Adding In
last year's helpful experience in
South America. and it seems that
Royal will definitely start and often-
times finish rnuch of what Albany
does on the court. He is Sauers'
“most established player." and will
be relied on heavily.

“i would say Winston will be the‘
point guard most of the time." coms
merited Sauers. "He will have the
ball and bring it up court. But i really
don‘t want that to happen all the
time. becauso i think we're more ef-
fective when we spread the ball
around as a poirit guard.

"i think he‘ll be a double figure

scorer maybe 12513 points a game.
i don't think Winston will shoot 20
shots a grime to average higher than
that. and i don't want him to. i don't
think we'll be as good if he does."

Royal's backcourt mate will most
protrany be Rob Cluire. a 62 junior
who can swing between guard and
small forward, The leading returning
Albany scorer. Clttne's 8.3 points
per contest was only a portion of his
worth to the Danes. Clinic is ti hustl-
ing. tokecliarge performer. and his
team-high 95 personal fouls last year
Continued on next .poge

 

