  
 
 
 
 

 
  

  

Renewed Hopes for Treaty
MIDEAST (AP) » Roving U. S. Ambassador Alfred
Athcrton's efforts to break the deadlock in the Middle East
I peace talks shifted to Egypt yesterday with Atherton
eitprcssing hope his Cairo mission can be accomplished
quickly. He began by brieﬁng Egyptian diplomats on his
lengtlty talks with Israeli leaders about the Israeli-Egyptian
talks that broke down in mid-November. It was not knowu if
Atlierton will return to Israel for furtherconsultations before.
. . ﬂying home. but he has indicated he would do so. While
.  t Athcrton wassaying he hoped his talks in Cairo would be less
arduous than those in Tel Aviv. Israeli Prime Minister
Mennchcn Begin was restating his country‘s refusal to give in
1 on one of the main stumbling blocks. That involves Egypt's
dcmiind to link the proposed Israeli-Egyptian peace treaty
with it timetable for granting home-rule to Piilcstinians living,
in the lsrttcli-pccupicd West Bank of the Jordan River
and the Gaza Strip. Begin. speaking to a group of farmers in
let Aviv. said Israel would never itccept this condition. He’
added that Israel would remain in danger even after a peace
treaty is signed with Egypt because other Arab cottntrics iind

. the Palestine Liberation Organization have established in
Syria "it center of hostility to Israel." ’

NYC Considered Important

NEW YORK (AP) Warren Anderson. majority leader oflte
stiitc'Scnate. said yesterday he thinks the “day is pitst" when
tlte legislittors thought in terms of upstate as compared with
New York City. “'l’hc average legislator thinks about New
York City its . . . an integral part ofotir state. It‘s a strength
we hate. Without New York City we wouldn‘t be the Empire
i State." the liinghamton Republican said alter a lunch with
Mayor Izdwin'dil. Koch tit City Hall. “We're tied together."
Koch agreed. Anderson was asked at an impromptu news
conference whether the state would have more financial iiitl
Ior New York City. He said that while he has not seen Gov.
lltigli Carey‘s bttdgct. "we are going to help them otit 'with .
money. the governor has made that clear.“ Anderson said
members of the Senate “want to keep the citystrong and vital
and active ltkc' ' He said that in I975. during the height of
the city's ltscal Lrl .' he tried to help New York avoid
bankruptcy. atid added: “I don't see how anybody cottld look
at NC“ York State iiitd tltceight million people iii the cityiind
goth» can go drifting off by itself and that the rest of us are

 

 

EC

 

   
  
 

f Wefrldnews briefSJ _' '

going to benefit. we are all going to go down that tube."

Two New Judges to be Added

. - year terms for the presidency "will enable a president to .
NEW YORK (AP) Within the neXt month New York State dci ote l00 percent of his or her attention to the office. No 'I
may have its two new federal district judges. Heads of the
judicial selection committees for New York's two senators
said yesterday that theyexpect to have provided names to the
senators within the next “few weeks." The two judgeships,
which will raise the state's total to 40. were created last year
when Congress approved l52 new district judgeships
nationwide. Under an informal agreement. Republican

senior Sen. Jacob Javits will select the nominee for the'     

eastern district

of New York. Javits‘

and ititisl be confirmed by the Senate.

Mognihan Points to Carter

WASHINGTON (AP) Sen. Daniel I’. Moynihan yesterday November opinion by the Court of Appeals. the state‘s

urged l’rcsidciit Cartcrto reverse himselfand support tuition
tit.\ credits so that the constitutionality of the tax breaks
critildbe tested in court. In remarks prepared for delivery to
the (.‘irtliedritl Club. a ROlntln Catholic social organization in
llt‘ooklyn and Qtieeits. the New York Democrat blamed
('rir tei tor the bill's defeat in Congress last yeiirand urged his

reconsideration. "We were asking to be heard in court."

Moymltaii suid. " l'hc administration set about to deny that
petition rind thereby to deny millions of Catholics and other
pi'ttatc-scltool students the opportttnity to have their
arguments considered by the Supreme Court." The proposal

wlitclt Moynilian said would be rc~introduced iii the yesterday that the boy‘s parents could face kidnapping

Senate nest week

would provide a tax break of tip to $250

it year Ior parents of children in private and parochial
elementary rind secondary schools and colleges.

Six Year Term Proposed

WASHINGTON (AP) Attorney (icncritl (Iril'fin I). Dell

proposed a constitutional amendment yesterday to provide
one sis-year presidential term as a first step toward
controlling the burgeoning bureaucracy. Ilell notcd.thtit the
idea Is not a new one. but said he believed its time Itad conic criminal sanctions. including kidnapping charges.

Democrati
counterpart. Daniel Patrick Moynihan. will select the
nominee for the northern district. encompassing an area
stretcltinglrrim HroomeCountytotheCanadian border. The appeals court said yesterday in a ruling against the
550.000 it year appointments are made by President Carter Schenectady Gazette. But in two related cases. the Appellate

because the growing strength of bureaucracy had become
"more than a painful nuisance. It is a prescription for societal
suicide." In a speech prepared for delivery at the University
ol Kansas. Ilell said eliminating the current system of four-

ttinc would be spent in seeking re-election." Bcll contended .
that tour years is too short a time to achieve any major
changes iiitd that government funding cycles mean it is the
third year ol a president's first term before he can achieve any
changes. "Ibis leaves the bureaucracy in control." the
attorney generiil said.

'c
ALBANY, N. Y. (AP) Subcommittees ofa school boiird arc
itot required to allow the public into their meetings. a state

Division ol'tlie state Supreme Court ruled in favor ()fcfftii'ls
by the Unconta Star and the Hinghiimton Press to be
admitted to iitectings ofthcirfull locrilschool boards. It istlte
ltrst sct ol "sunshine law" decisions to be issued since it

highest court. interpreting the state‘s Open Meetings law. In
the Schenectady (iarette case. the Appellate Division ruled
that committees of the North Colottie Board of Education
were itot “public bodies" as defined by the Open Meetings
law because they did not “transact public business" or
require a quornrii to meet.

Judge Against Laetrile Use

S I'I‘UA'I‘I'Z. Mass. (Al’) The jtidgc who forbade Lactrilc
treatments Ior 3-year-old leukemia victim Chad Green said

   

charges Ior whisking him into hiding. Gerald itttd Diana
tit'een lett beliiitd a note sayingthiit "Chad mttst be protected
trotn any ltirtltcr ignorance and pride. greed and violence."
lhc little blond boy's grandmother. with whom the family
had becti living. said the parents were "distraught" over it
Plymouth County Superior Court ruling 'I‘uesdtiy ordering
them not to give Chad Laetrile and vitamins to fight his
cancer. He liiid also been receiving clieniotlterupy. under a
prettous order from the satnc judge. Judge (itiy Voltcrra.
\\llt‘~ issued the orders. said that the criiiple could face

 

 

 

 

 

  
   
 
  
   
   
    
  
   
   
    
     
  
   
    
    
    
  
 
    
  

(F
Ali 8 a-bout Albany

the Chump is coming! Multammcd Ali. present heavyweight '
cliaiiipioti of the world. will be speaking. not sparring. iii
SUNYA's gym this Tuesday night. Tickets. which are
»- rumored to be in great demand. are on sale in tire SA Contact
~ tittice. .Iust~A-Song. and the Community Box Office in
tolonie Center. The cost is tltree dollars for SUNYA
students with H). and five dollars for the general public.
l't‘tccs itiin bca little high. bttt nobody‘s goingto tcll All that.

— Debbie Kopf

Age has no bearing:

llpp'crclnssmen won't alwi have the tippcrltrind on RA
positions. Second-semester freshmen now have the
opportunity to become RAs iii their sophomore year.
\ccording to .loliii Wcity. Residence Director. some
Ireshmen do have the necessary qualities to become an RA.
llicy are Iiitniliiir with the campus. have the ability to work
“till other students. and can perform well in a leadership
position. Wellyiilsoexplained that sophomore RAs can keep
tltc position for two years while it senior usually works for
one year. “ I here is continuity." said \Vclty.‘

DaVId Jenkins. Residence Associate Director of
l'rograiiinting. explained that the suggestion for this
program had been forwarded by the Residence Staff for it
nttmbcr ot years. It was reconsidered in the Fall of‘7li and is
now being incorporated into tltc Residence program.
Application deadline is Sunday. January 2b.

—Mlcbelle Israel

 

Credit for Eating 

licgining I-ebruary l. the Ruthskeller will be trying otit a
'new concept itt their food biir. During a 4 week period.
students poscssiiig a SUNYA mciil card will be able to tiike
itdtantiige ol the Rat's delicacies at it reduced price.

 

 

 

ﬂ
According to Lisa Ncwmiirk. a member ofthe Universityl tiritncli hegmtngat | l:0()am. it will noWstart I5 mintites liitcr.:
l5.

\ustlury Scrtices Board of Directors. the system will work

similarly to that of tire quad cafeterias. After punching your
tegttliii meal card through the computer between 7 and If)
not. bteaktnst can be purchased and you will receive it $.60
credit tilt the total of your bill.

lltc same holds for dinner. lietwcen 4 and ii pnt. you will

icccric at credit of $I.(i5 on your meal. Remember though.
once you punch your card through at the Rttt. it can't he used
again in a quad cafeteria.

— Robin Goldberg

  

-Photo: Karl Chan I

Dinner runs on and on

So you thought Sunday Brunch sttirted too early? or

‘ was Sunday dinner too short for you?

Iii cttltcr case. University Attxiliiry Services hastiltercd the

times ol Sti'vlay meals to stiit your needs.

According to Lisa Ncwniitrk. a member oftlie UAS Board

in Directors. the new time policy is in effect. Instead of

  

ill

ll you're worried about less catiitg time. don't. Dinitcr will
now he rttiiitiiig tiittil 6:00 pm. instcud ol'the 5:45 ltour as in
the past.

— Roliiii Goldberg

...Credit for Skiing

Credit-minded schussers who want to ski their ways to
graduation can still do it this scmcstcr. Dr. Edith Cobanc‘s
program ol weekly skiing for credit is still open according to
Laurie Newman. an associate of Cobanc‘s.

Attyonc who wants to sign tip for the weekly nights of
skiing either West Mountain or Jimminy I’iak. should '
contact Wendy Collins in rooiii 135 ofthe physicaledncrttion
btitldiitg. Ncwman said. Some confusion had resttltcd this
past week when students were inadvertently told the program
was closed sh- added.

" l he program is certainly not closed." Newman said. “and
we're \cry sorry Ior any trottblc it may liitve caused some
people."

~ —— M. .l. Memiiiott

The Artist’s Artists

;\ reception at the University Art (itillcry Saturday night at
.s pJII. \\tli open a month-long show titled I’ticttlty Choice.
the IU artists participating in the show were chosen by t)’
tricitlty‘ ol the Art Department its some of those most fitting
because ol thcicqtthto be exhibited to the public.

t'hitii ot the Art Departitieiit Richard Callner said of tire
show.  I his exhibition will evoke pleasure. interest.
tasctnation attd many questions. The diverisity of concepts
\iirics cstccti 'itlly and technically."

llie show was organized by Gallery Director Nancy
Iiddie. who contacted the ttrtists chosen by the factilty. liddlc '
t-eirtiirks m the exhibition catalog that. “At heart. the art
world is vitally interested in sharing the wonder of artists'
personal vision with the people \vliocomc to iirt exhibitions."

lltc show will run until February 20. iiitd Saturday's
opening “I” be itttetided by inuny of the artists

—M..I. Memntott

 

 

 
 

 

[sunya news briefs

 

 

 

 

PAGE TWO.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESSl

  

_ n onions a

» JANUARY 26, 1979 ’

 

 

 

       
         
       
       
      
  

. l

  
               
      
 

' /

 
     
     
     
     
       
       
     
        
      
        
      
       
     
    
   
     
   
      
    
  
     
      
   

A SUNYA student arrested last semester was Indicted last week for
bank robbery by the Albany Grand Jury. (Photo: Mike Farrell)

by Wendy Greenﬁeld littt was sent back to committee

lhe senate lixcemivc Committee because no rationale was included.
Wednesday ie-titstated the UCC was cstnblislied in I977 to
proposal that University Police e\ttltiittc the arms policy enacted at

that time. lltts policy authori7ed the
carrying of gtiiis on the afternoon (3
p.ni.-l I put.) and midnight(ll p.m.-7
ram.) shifts.

llie new proposal would permit

()llicers oit daytime motor patrol be
allowed to carry and use firearms.
I lie proposal will be on the agenda
til the l‘ch. 5 University Senate

 

i rﬁUP to representoSUNY ‘
"i As Stormy Campaign Ends-

i ltictttiibcnt llnttcd University Professions (UUI’) has emerged

           

iitccliiig. ,

According to SA President Paul
l‘cldman. a rationale fortlie measure
has been added to the bill by the I I . id
l'tiblic Suleiy Advisory Committee, ol dangerous incidents encountch

I ‘ ' ' " ~  ir rotitinc

llie rccotnmcndatiort lor the bill_ it) thUlHLtl Milt-Ln l t I . .l‘
ll‘lti come from the University pittiol according, to the rattonac

‘ i ». - i . ) '~ |': ,.
Community Council (UCC) tit the picscntcd by the I ubltc lStiIItty:
litst Senate tticctirig on December 5 Advisory (ommtttee. .t stunt mg

one to two olficcrs in cars to ctirry
guns during tltc day shift.
llie request forgttiis wtistlic rcstilt

victorious from it year-long struggle with ilic National [Educator's
Association (NliA) for the right to represent SUNY s l(i.ll()()
- I’L'L'S at the bar raining table. V
Ll‘iiil‘ii tcpr'cscritatiofi election held last inoittli. Ulll’ tallied (t.tl(i7
\otcs. enough to eclipse challenging NEA's total of 4.092. A lillld‘
option ollercd to SU NY academic and professional personnel. that iii
no representation. received I.I5b votes. V

lhc election brought to a close a fiercely lotight battle between the
two unions. which saw charges and counter-charges hurled back and
tortlt like so many tennis balls. V n r '

Ulll' spokesperson .Iolin Milton called the victory dectsrvc.
said tlntt the union would begin readying itscll to enter into contract
negotiations with SUNY. tentatively scheduled for l‘ebruary 28.‘ I
“We are going to make every effort possible to boost membership
between now rind when negotiations get under way. I he said. We want
to grim the support of the people who didn't vote. In order to bargain
Iroiti the greatest strength possible." I

NILA spokesperson Linda Roscnblatt csprc ldossappomtmcnt
tit tltc otitcomc of the vote. btit said that NIZA “feels good about a
couple ol things . . . We've made UUI’ into it more responsive unto'n.
rind otit stall intends to stick around to miike stire UU Pconttnues that

' and

 

way." I I : ‘
Rosenblatt explained that state regulations prevent NLA from
iitotiiilttig another challenge for one year. bttt declined to comment on
nlicthct oi not they would at tlitit ttmc. _ t I ' I

M iltort said that among U U P‘s priorities lor the sprtngts opposition
to the proposed liltitl ttiitioii increase. ’ ' t ’ l ‘

"We Illltl it strange that the state would boost tuition while .itlt It.
some tittic lamenting that enrollment is off." he Sltlti. ‘It seems to )L .i

 

  
   
          
    
     
      
   
       
       
          

mutter ol working for cross-purposes."

“I'rinciple strategy against the ttiitirni bike I u
be "extensitc lobbying to keep it fortii being implemented. ‘

He also warned that UUP would not tolerate retrenchment iii the
lace tit itrt expectedenrollment decline. " I'heylSUNchmicitt brick on
sct\tces and nntinteniince. htit we are opposed to any new hiring tin
shuffling pctsonel around is ptctct'iiblc to

.accortlingto Milton. will

ciitlriiigcrcd campuses

 

 

Liliillllf. some positions while eliminating others.

— It) Slew ()sler '

 

I
'-: r - w" "".«Hvt'rnr.rnm ..

it

 

Student Indicted For Bank 

by Debby Smith

SUNYA student John Ritchie
Robinson was indicted January lit
by an Albany County Grand Jury
for attempted robbery in the Third

Degree; a Class li Felony. r
[be indictment stated t
that Robinson. a parolce. is

accused ol attempting to rob the
llotnc Savings Bank. [63 Central
Ave. tit approximately 11:55 am
Decctnbcr 12. lhe indictment
ltirther states that Robinson gave a
note to batik teller Lettie I’inncy.
demanding money and threatening
immediate use ol physical force.

Albany County Chief Assistant
District Attorney Daniel Dwyer said
that ball “th set at 350.000. “If he
can't raise it ltc will remain in jail
until the tttnc ol his trial." Dwycr
said.

Robinson's attest resulted from
co-tiperitlivc ellorts by the l5.li.|..
.\lbittiy totinty I’olicc I)cpl.. and
Sl=.\Y/\' Dept of Public Stilety.
on Dcccmlict' l4. according tti
SI \i A l)clcctt\c (iaryD'Connor.

‘r‘vlriny ol the Iiictors that led to hi.
identiliciitton and arrest itrc

Guns Bill To Be Reintroduced

subcommittee ol tltc UCC.
In biici summary the following
me the main points supporting the

change:

0U niit mcd U tiivcrsity police
olliccis had encountered armed
tiidindunls and made arrests.

thereby endangering themselves.

.Ailt‘dll)’ Police Department
should not respond to crimes on the
catiiptis. since according to the
Uni\ei‘sily l’olicc Director Jim
Williams. otir public safety officers
are better trained and more adept in
dealing III at strident community.

'Ntimcrous crimes involving
actual or potential danger to
iitltcci's. students. litculty. staff. and
other by stitndct‘s have occurred over
tltc past year. _

\\ illtnms claimed the new gtin
policy stems trom a concern about
campus hold-ups. He said that large
accumulations of cash exist on
campus in three main dcpositories:
thc lltit'sur's ()lliirc. tltc Bookstore.
.tnd Check Cashing. Williams
clrttmcd that day shift is allowed to
carry guns only in cash transport or
\\llL'lI ambassadors are received.

\\tlltnms said lie has laid many
requests Irom oflicct‘s to carry guns
on the Lill)‘ silill. "Frequently alarms
lime gone till." he said. “We have
also had incidents involving
ncapous. lti one stich incident. the
suspect. it tron-student. sitid that the
oiin reason he didn't stab the officer
was hC[:t|l|>U he thought he had a

gun." According to Williams.
outsiders cause most ()l the
probli ms. Student offenses are

mostly against property.

Student senators Mark
llorkowski and Ilrttce Cronin are
strongly opposed to the gtiii policy.
Itoth iigtcc that the risk involved in
but mg guns on campus during the
dot is too high.

‘2 I here are too many students on
campus during the day." said
llorkonski. “ the chance of accident
is too gteat." Unless Iic secs itdefinitc
ticetl Ior guns during the day shift.
Itorkonski said he will not yotc in
linoi' til the new proposal.

troiittt. also a member iif the
Student Union. said that the Union
has been working oti preventing
pulls it otn being used tltit‘inglhc day.
1 Hr tnotntutits tltut there are trio

.ruIIiIrt/ril t‘ll [urge 5

‘ttolt‘.

'ttngcrprtnts

primarily due to our knowledge? of ‘

the individual." O'Connor said.
According to SA lawyer Lewis N.
Oliver. who represented Robinson.
SLNY keeps records on parolecs.

llte evidence linking Robinson to
the criiitc is three fingerprints on the
Police ()tficer Mayvilloe
lcstilicd that in his opinion the
correspond to
Robinson's middle finger on his left
It.ind. according to Oliver.

llie I‘.lt.l. standard for
Itngcrprtnt identification is twelve
dcsttngiitshing points on the print.
\l.ry\t|loc admitted on the stand
that in st.\ years ltc Itad never made
.tii nlenttttcalton on so lcw points as
Robinson's and called his seven
point rdctitiltcatton' "marginal".
according to ()il\L'l'.

'\ ilo/en such points must be
round to agree tit topology (relation)
and direction bclore an identity is
Iottritl.’ (incl ot New York City
Idncttttcritton lnity l)ctccti\c
liltlsltlll ( hiirles |,. 0' Haiti .ttd.

l)\\_\ct said the t|llcslliitl is “not of
(points) per st: by
distinguishing tiiiuks. and its tip to

 

I ltigL's

21*

i

the jury to make the determination‘
based on what the experts tell them.
l-tngerprints have scientific
\altdity."

At the hearing Oliver requested
the tingcrprint's be present in court.
lltc motion was denied. and cross
examination ot Mayvilloe on his
basis for each of the seven points was
not possible. ()Itver said.

l’inney testified that the man who
gave her the note had brown hair.
brown mustache. a kneelength
cream colored coat and a ski
Robinson owns a blue skijacket and

has red hair. according to Oliver.

l'tniicy said she could not identify
Itobtiisoii. and denied to comment
trtittter due to the upcoming tial.

Robinson was arraigned on
l.tllllill} 2.’ and entered it plea of not
guilty ()lnct risked for an
.idjotttntncttt tot Rolititsontoobtain
\tilct counctl.lle was given until
.|.inti.ity 2‘).

torty-Irte days ttorri this date it

. \\tlllL'II iiigttemcnt stating there is

titsulltcem t:\lchlCC for the
indictment must be presented to
til/Illllflt‘i/ on page 5

      

Unlveralty Pollen such as this say there Is a need Ior guns durlngthelr
day patrol- as well as night patrols. (Photo: Roanno Kulakott)

Rat Area Renovated

by Robert Blasensteln

U\ct' $8.000 will be spent to
replace the vandalized Iavatories
outside the bowling alley. Two new
restrooms will be located in the

clciator lobby outside the
Rttlllskcllut' Pub in the campus
L'L‘IHCI'.

According to Chet Thomas ofthe
l'lunl Department. the rebuilding
will cost bl8.UbJ.9l. of which
tinivcrsity Auxiliary Services (UAS)
“I” pay 50500. the remaining cost.
said I hoinas. will ltavc to come from
the plant department which does not
icch\ e allocations for repairs of this
nature iiithctr yearly budget. He said
that it is “very upsetting to hiive to

‘lptly tot nillttil 'iindalisni which
from (the budget tor)

I“ repairs.“ I
Campus Center director Jon

iDocllefeld feels that the tremendous
amount of vandalism in the bowling
lrtllcy restrooms was due mainly to

the large amount of people in the Rat
during weekends. and because the
liitiitories were far removed from the
Rat. He said in that location there
were no staff members of UAS in
close proximity to maintain
SlIPCthlOll.

Io avoid vandalism of the new
restrooms. Doelll'cld said that “the
IaC'ilitics are intended to be more
durable" and will receive close
siipertision lrom UAS and campus
center stall. Should a person be
apprehended for vandalism.
Doelleteld said he “will trike action
titili/ing the st udcntjudicitil system."

l'lunt superintendent Ira DeVoe
lecls that it is “thccheapliquorinthe
Ratliskcllnr" that is responsible for
tire \itndalistn. In his department's

yearly spending reports. DeVoc said _

he has seen "a steady decline iii
facilities" they maintain. Over
‘Sltltultkl to such damages have been
t'tlllflllltt’tl on pug.- 5

PAGE THREE

 

JANUARY 26. tins

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

t
t

