i

 

A ‘ :., :15.

... . . -tr... .se..-__~.~aa....._~~

 

 

  
 

by Charles S. New
The l980 presidential elections are not
exactly around the corner yet. However. in
light of Jimmy Carter‘s early (and successful)
run for the presidency in I976. many hopefuls
have started on the campaign already. A
handful of Republicans have announced their
intention to seek the nomination. and many
more are expected to do the same in the
coming months. As for the Democrats.
Senators Kennedy and Stevenson and
California Governor Brown all seem to be
waiting for signs of weakness in Carter's
democratic support. It is far too
presumptuous at this time to venture a guess
as to who will win their respective party‘s
nominations. Still the most important
question is. can President Carter bedefeated?
Let's look at the Republican ﬁeld ﬁrst. The
major contenders for the bid seem to be
Connally. Baker. Reagan. and Ford.
Announced contenders such as Rep. Crane.
George Bush. and Senator Lowell Weicker do
not have the widesupport necessary to win the
nomination this time around. The publicity
and exposure garnered now will probably aid in
Vice-Presidential possibilities or 3 I984 run.
These some factors weigh against a relative
unknown. though potentialy strong
candidate. Governor James Thompson. It
looks like the bid will go to one of the four
“heavies.” President Ford. while very well-
liked and respected, does not generate the
same enthusiasm as his rivals. He seems to
have given up the idea of running in the
primaries, and if he seeks the nomination at
all. it will be a result of a deadlocked
convention. It is questionable whether Ford is
willing to give up the lecture/golflife. and risk
problems with his wife who has publicly urged
him not to run. As for Ronald Reagan. he is
without doubt the current favorite. He has
been running since the last election and has
already secured the support ofthe large right-
wing faction of his party. He also has built upa
large campaign chest which should prove
invaluable once the primaries begin. However.
one must remember Reagan‘s two major
drawbacks: The first is his ultra—conservative
stance. and the other is his age. Although the
former could work in his favor in light of the
new “conservative mood" of the country. his
extreme stance could cause moderates to
abandon the Republicans in favor of a more
middle-of—the-road Democrat. As for the

latter. his age must certainly be considered
when choosing the nominee. Though he looks
years younger. Reagan will be seventy-one at
the time oftheinauguration in I98]. He would
be the oldest president ever elected. This is
certainly more of a drawback than has yet
been realized. Senate Minority leader
Howard Baker is an interestingcandidate. His
liberal views have endeared him to the party's
left-wingers but antagonized the larger right-
wing. His strong performance during the
Watergate hearings is certainly an impressive
point in his favor. Mrs. Baker had drinking
problems but this shouldn't affect Baker at
this stage ofthe game. One thing very much in
his favor: his pragmatism. as exempliﬁed by
his support of such liberal-minded issues as
the Panama Canal treaties. might siphon
disenchanted democratic votes from a
moderate incumbent. Baker‘s liberal
republicanism probably makes him the most
electable of the bunch. especially against a
president in trouble with his own party.
Former Texas Governor John Connally is
charismatic. popular, and an excellent
campaigner. He also was indicted during the
milk scandal in I973. While late.- clwred of
these charges. this, along with his well-
publicized party switch. is still a mark on his
record. Connally‘s best bet is being selected as
a compromise candidate, coming betWeen
Reagan‘s conservatism and Baker's liberalism.

Now for the Democrats. Can Carter's bid
for re-nomination be contested? Looking at
the possible contenders. the answer is. not
likely. Senator Kennedy. it is believed. can

have the nomination if he wants it. While this
is in itself doubtful. he also would be unwise to
seek the nomination at this time and risk the
alienation of the party regulars. and a divided
party. He is still young, and he hasjust become
the chairman of the very powerful Senate
Judiciary Committee. His best bet is to wait
until I984, put Chappiqudick a few more years
behind. continue to speak out as the “voice of
liberalism." and use his new chairmanship to
get the most out of the next five years. We may
someday have another President Kennedy.
but not in l980. Senator Adlai Stevenson
doesn‘t have a chance and he knows it. Rather.
he must also be seen as runningfor l984 or for
a future Vice-Presidential bid. Governor
Brown is still an enigma. He remains a
formidable candidate as long as he stays in the

 

 

 

 

 

ﬁhildren’s Hour

To the Editor:
Telethon'79 is over. . . . or is it'lThough we

now turn to books and midterms; Telethon '79
have changed us into a community. a
beautifully concerned. caring community.

I would like to thank Mike. Barb, Pat and
Chris for co:ordination of the whole thing and
Childrens Hour respectively. Through
Telethon '79. l was able to see SUNYA through
the eyes of a child—so many beautiful

people. what a great place!
“The Toy Soldier"
al

W ly
Sub-Versive

To the Editor:

Needless to say we are extremely unhappy
with the so called “article” on Sub
Sandwiches. But before you get the wrong
idea. we know we do not have to defend our
product. We take exception to the’bias'ed, non
objective. yellow rag type reporting in your
March 16th and February 23rd issues. 1 know
we were only mentioned in one issue. but the
same overriding theme gushes through both
articles.

We know how much hard work is involved
in building and maintaining a food business
whether it be UAS‘s or ours. And the
disturbing thing is that a wet-behind‘the-ears
"Nathan‘s Famous“-eater sets himselfup as a
quasi-expert. Anyone can be a tear down
artist. It takes some knowledge. research. and
dedication to journalism to really write
objectively. Your writer apparently has none
of these attributes. His slam at “Bogarts type”
customers not caring what they eat and Big
Dom‘s “not caring what they serve" shows the
type mentality we are dealing with. That
would be like saying all students at SUNY are
irresponsible because we have judged them by

 

 

 

your writer.
Thank God we know better. State

background. Once in the forefront of a long
campaign. it‘s probable that he will turn off as
many voters as he turns on. His apparent
opportunism has not yet been fully realized by
the voting public. and his not-so-average
lifestyle may not be what we need to engender
world-wide respect in our country's leader.
What it all boils down to then. is whether
President Carter can overcome the seemingly
widespread and varied opposition to his
seeking a second term. Granted. he has had his
problems. His inexperience. his staff
problems. and his haughty expectations have
all haunted him in the past. But he has
overcome most of these early problems. His
two major problems now are inflation and
international instability. His admirable
accomplishments in the Middle East and his
close relationship with China may prove to be
invaluable as his potential opponents attack

University students are a substantial pan of
our business and have been for over 15 years
They know which subs are good and they are.
vocal enough when they think there should in
a change. We don't sell over 25.000
sandwiches a week by not caring whm wt
serve. We have over forty varieties of cold
sandwiches. Hot meatball. hot sausage. veal &
peppers in wine sauce. Deli type sandwiches
on a sesame seed huh. and are coming up with
new ideas constantly. WE CARE. . , ,

Along with the non objective reporting your
writer is also inaccurate. He was not charged
$.10 extra for mayo on his sandwich.

We could go on and on but there is really no
need. We stand ready to defend our product
against any and all competitors. but by thc
same token when we do get a legitimate
complaint we abide by that customer‘s right to
complain. Your writer has not earned that
right.

Allowing this man to sit in front of a
typewriter is like putting Jack the Ripper hack
on the streets, with a license to kill.

— Dom 8t Joe Baslle

For the Record
To the Editor:

I would like to set the record straight tinthc
ISA involvement concerning the PH)
spec cr. Among our many activities is the
organizing of forums and the bringing of
speakers on various subjects of international
importance. The [SA does not adhere to any
political ideology; we invited Mr. 'l'cr/i only
because we think his speaking here Would he a
valuable educational experience. Since the
PLO presents an alternative viewpoint illt'
invitation to Mr. Terzi was extended by me.
on beltalf of lSA after approval by the
executive board of 18A.

Concerning the financial arrangements,
Mr. 'l‘crzi did not ask for any apecific amount
of money but he did hint on receiving mint-
kind of honorarium. 'lhe original H'LlllCil to

him on the foreign policy front. lnllutmn
appears to be the bigger problem. thlhrr
Carter can deal with this successfully mat spell
the difference between a one or two-term
prestdency. It should be noted that even \lllll
inflationary problems. past Presidents hau-
managed to be reelected, wntc
overwhelmingly (Nixon in 1972. for exam [‘it'l
Carter. appears to gain conﬁdencc and
expertise with each passing month. and ilt.‘
may just be riding a wave of succwlul
achievements and breakthroughs bv lhc lllllL‘
l980 rolls along. .

So. as usual. there are many Cﬂndldtttcs n ho
would like to sit in the oval ofﬁce, lhctr
chances depend on President (‘artrr‘s
vulnerability in the next year and a half llut
is the biggest question: if (‘artcr out
strengthen his hand. all the other iltll‘t'llli\
might just as well wait until I934.

 

 

 

 

 

(HPERIAHSM.

[F (06 KILL YOU.
THEY OUR

ARE Y
UPDERERS
F L05 W66 YOU,
6 1/004?

L0 N35
LIBERATOES

    
   
  
  
   

VOUARE o

OUR HoskheTes 'F THE .
((0‘) Neg __ iHFERiNiST$
H06TA66§ TD ' [75W “*5,

"" "WW Wu my

I“

 

aurakélvegbrtﬁws
cannatiotrioii~a -
l9 Sam)

L617 FOR
AWN/UULE‘BS L06
BLOlU ‘00 UP REST.

l

 

 
 
 
    

 

 

¥ Vletl

 

Remember Instant: Breakfasts '—
Vou-rc getting gold. ‘
See~3o

Joe Sample heads for the beach ‘
Soc 20 '

Experience

the flock 'N Roll: fantasy
of your choice.

Four dreams. live _

on the centerfold;

's

Hood for the courts,
the weather's beautiful
, Soc 7:1

I

Fred goes through midterms
sec 8o

Trivia Time 'vlsits
ﬂsburg Park, NJ.

soc 8o

 

 

 

