  

 

 

*J'T” '

we... Mu». ' -‘

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

columns

 

 

To Know
Education isto Love It,

 

by Robert Hale
Lut Tuesday, the ASP published a paper

entitu "Md Models for Liberal
Education."This report represents the sincere
effort of the “Special Committee on
Undergraduate Education" to bolster the
academic structure of SUNYA by offering
several models for a liberal education to the
undergraduate community. Last Friday. the
ASPpublishedatolumn entitled “Reflections
on Independent Education " which represents
a close-minded reaction to the proposals.
steeped in ignorance. misunderstanding. and
fear of change. It stands as an irrational
attempt to hinder our university‘s
development as tr recognized center of
learning.

The opposition to experimenting with
various models fora liberaleducation charges
that “change for the strkeofchange"is useless.
Yet there is a danger in holding to the smug
attitude that w need not change to improve.
Somehow we are to assume that SUNYA will

propel itself to greater and greater heights of
intellectual achievement and educational
prestige on the strength and will of some
omniscient force. I find this to be a misplaced
trust. We cannot rest on our laurels. resisting
even experimentation with innovations nd
clasiming that it is line to be in the ranksofthc
"top thre undergraduate schools in the state."
(Where tlo Rochester. Syracuse. Columbia.
Vassar. Bard. Cornell, Union. Colgate. St..
Lawrence. Binghumton. Buffalo. and Stony
Brook fit on this list?)

want.- to change is not dangerous,

bill is the catalyst to improvment. Whrrt is it
that is being proposed by developing II system
fora liberal educatio i‘! It is, most simply. It
legitimiration of our role as students. To
receive a Bachelor of Arts with no guarantee
of exposure to some of the basic disciplines is
a bastardization of the degree. A Bachelor of
Arts implies the development of an
understanding for many areas. and the
broadened perspective on life that
accompanies this.

Much is made ofthc complexities oftoday's
world. It is argued that we should "tailor our
programs to our goals." that requirements
restrict and shackle us into patterns which are
contrary to freedom and individualism. Yet,
can we intelligently decide on our goals in a

vacuum? Will we really be individuals iferfail
to expose ourselves to other ways ofthought?
A basic breadth of knowledge and sampling of
diverse course material will naturally help one

deﬁne the direction he wants to pursue.‘

Further. it isacrime ofwaste to allowa person
to complete coursework exclusively in one
area. with a simultaneous intent of providing
him a complete education. Without the gentle
posh ofa requirement. a person may notdelve
into unkown fields for which he fears he may

‘ now no aptitude. and even worse. which he
may find boring.

Requirement -- that is the word which
creates the opposition to any proposals for a
liberal education/tn imposing concept it is.
too; to be forced to choose one or two courses
in afield ofstudy which may be totally alien to

I;

 

Calling the Shots

To the Editor:

In the March 2nd edition of the ASP, there
was a letter by Patricia Dowse which was
extremely critical of the Albany State Pep
Band's conduct of a foul shooting contest
.singling out the announcer in particular.

As the announcer for that contest and as a
member of that organization. l feel that
several points need to be cleared up.

First of all. the contestant did not abide by
all the rules when the basket was sunk. I stated
the rules several times before that particular
contestant shot. One of those rules was that
you may not traverse over the line before,
during. or after the shot. He went over the
line. it‘s as simple as that. Obviously lcould
not allow the basket.

The second point I would like to clear up is
that l was indeed a bonafide official of that
contest. I did notjust "decide" to become one
after the shot. In fact. the entire contest was
under my supervision that night. Ms. Dowse

 

 

_____i
was right when she wrote that the contestant

 

one‘s background. Yet. the. ' ‘ is made
as if education were totally free now. May we
choose how and when we want to take our
present courses? Of course not. We must rely
on the University's schedule and the
professor's course structure. We do not
negotiate on the way the lectures or seminars
will be conducted. nor do we choose which
readings we are expected to complete. If we
wish to finally receive that coveted Bachelor
of Arts degree. we mtist do what is required.
That certainly is not a free and independent
education. However. no one would seriously
argue that this is nor a fair way to guarantee
successful and competent completion of
coursework.

If we admit that requirements are necessary
to ensure successful completion of
coursework. whyshouldn't requirements exist
as a means to guarantee a whole education?
For a true cdtication is nrore than the sum of
our cotrrses. It is a testament to both
specialilation and breadth. The specialiration
is important as directlyapplicablc to whatever
field we eventually choose to enter. The
breadth we should acquire expands our view
of the world by giving us insight into other
pursuits. It helps modify our major by
providing us with the trappings of experience
in other areas to allow us to understand
somewhat the concerns of others who have
different specializations.

The complexities of today's world are what
demand the adoption of a liberal education
program. The wellrounded individual is a far

more important member of society than he
was in the past. He is necessary today as all
fields are more and more interwined. meaning
that complete specialiration in one MCI!
provides and artificially narrow scope. It fails
to account for the effects tht other disciplines
have or may have on one's own particular
major.

Before receiving our degrees. we have no
credits to complete. averaging to 40 three-
credit classes. To sacrifice our “individualism
and freedom" by giving up even ten or fifteen
of these courses to distribution requirements
would still allow fora large number of options
to “tailor our program to our goals." Yet at
the same time. we would be guaranteed a truly
liberal education. with all the benefits it
entails. To cry about being needlessly
shackled taking irrelevant attd
unnecessary courses is simply to expressa fear
of being exposed to an area about which we
know very little. Such Itn attitude that
presupposes the irrlelvance of a certain
discipline promotesa false sense ofsuperiority
of one's own academic pursuits at the
denegration of those of others. This is a
dangerous way to approach our world of
today. —- a world which is built on
interrelationships that the span of academic
disciplines. If the least we learn from a liberal
education is an understanding for the
concerns and ways of tltosc in other fields. we
will have gained far more that the "freedom"
we sacrificed. ‘

into

put the ball through the hoop and this was
veriﬁed by Pep Band members who were
there. However, they were watching the ball.
not the body. That was my job and lditl it.
Pat. I haven't had any physics since high
school but if I remember correctly Newton's
law states than an object at rest will remain at
rest and an object in motion will remain in
motiqn in a straight line unless acted upn by
an outside force (i.e. gravity). You‘-re right
Pat. it was natural for the contestant to tall
forward after he made his shot. He tlft/ Ilitl

have to fall forward over the line though.
I‘m sorry if anyone considers enforcement
of contest rules unprofessional and
unsportsmanlike conduct but as all good
umpires say, “I call 'cm as I see ‘cm.“‘l'he call
was good. the shot. unfortunately. was not.
Mark Kendrtrt

Paper, Paper
Everywhere

To the Editor:

l am writing to express my concern over It
matter so straightforward and clearcrrt its to
not even warrant being labelled as Irn issue. I
am referring to the prodigious and
unnecessary waste that our society condoncs.
It is slightly misleading to say that this Is not
an issue; what is at the heart of the matter Is
not the question of is waste good. but instead.
why is it allowed. The answer. of course. Is

To the Editor:

We are writing this letter in response to
numerous articles and letters that have
appeared in the ASP concerning l’IttrnIItI
Hall. As former RA‘s at Pittman llrrll \iclt-t-l
some clarifications should be made. 'llrt‘
following are onlya few oftlte mttny lllt'ltlt‘lllt
that occurred last semester.

The latest incident to provoke us to unit-
this letter was the trrticlc appearing In the
March 2nd issue of the ASP cont-Inrng

 

 

Pittman Iiall. In it a student named l)rrn.rintl
we quote. said “last semester he (Residence
IDirector Mike Welch) didn't get i’ll|_\‘ help
from the RA's." To say the least. this is II grim
misstatement. We feel that we followed Milt-
Welch's policies to the best of t)lll’llllllll|l'\ It
should also be mentioned that the author Hi

the above-stated quote was on many.
occasions himself involvctl in \’.’lllt|l1\
violations.

There were many instances last semester

 

 

Yes INK/EAT /5IE,
sporadic/a;
gear 6

j

 

6

FEIFFE

 

 

Moth 5:
E wafer?
if \

' ’IUZW CLASS
arteriaan .5

 

  

tote IS 6165 is
Merl ME 2553?? Hair”???
-r€ 56 CHILWEIU Mate

TDAWHEEV

PRAY
TH€ £00217 OF
MRI? 6076?!ng /

 
  
  
   
         
 
  

Tllls is now [06 WK 6/6th

THIS (5 H014) WE Til/MK 61546

THIS (5 our we wet/t M5416
\

 

It) UP A SPEClAL
: ULT5 Alli? THE
Thaw“ CF HIUU Georg/0t
e, 7 j 

 

 

/,

/’
/

/

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

editorial

 

 

 

 

 

 

apathy, that great enemy of intelligent
progress.

It is clear that a community the size of
SUNYA produees a great amount ofgarbage,
and in particular paper. Beginning on
Wednesday. March 7th. on Alumni Quad.
and on Wednesday the l4th on the other fotrr
quads a student-run paper recycling program
will be initiated. Bins marked “Recycle” will
be located on every quad. and it is student
support that will make or break the program.
Descriptive signs with tltc locations ofthc bins
on your quad will soon be posted. So please.
help clean up the clutter of papers presently
littering our campus. and stop the
unnecessary waste of an important resource,
Effective use and rc-use of our resources
encourages the saving of our land. both from
garbage disposal and further exploitation.
Help yourself. and save a tree for your
children. ‘

Bruce M. l)ecgrrn

No Foto Flubs Here

To the Editor:

II has come to my attention. and the
attention of many others. that a correction is
in order in rcgartls to the March (i. I979
edition of the ASI‘.

In regard to an article concerning the
r'corganilation of the dorms on Alumni Quad.
it seems that the entire purpose of the article

In Self Defense of theiFormer Pittman Hall Resident Assistants

where we Its RA's were humiliated. verbally
abused, physically threatened. atrd we were
also the subjects of many various and trntrtte
rumors. The absolute majority of weekend,
We had to go out into the hallway at J or 4
o‘clock in the morning toask studentsto quiet
down. This attetupt at qtrietingstttdcnts down
usually took J or4 trips otrt into the litill. Most
Often the students would persist it. making the
same volume of noise and in most instances
increased the noise level. From here we would
contact Mike Welsh as per his instructions.
He would then come tip antl would attempt to
quiet things down. However. after If) to IS
minutes after he left. the noise would resume.
We soon became acustonied to this weekly
charirdcs. Considering the actions wc took as
RA‘s pcr Mike Wclch, we feel we more than
supported lllltt.

Two further outstanding instances ofabusc
stick out in otir minds. The first incident
occurred in early September when we awoke
one morning to find ottrsclcvcs perniietl in our
respective rooms so that the locks were
jammed and broken. Both doors had to be
ramincd in causing the destruction of both
doors and new ones subsequently having to be
ptrt on. It should also he mentioned that the
students involved Irevcr received a bill for
these damages. We pose this question: What
would have happened it there was a fire?
However. the most outstanding incident
occurred when one of us came brick from our
breitk til the end of September and found that
someone intentionally placed the hose to a
chemical fire extinguisher Irnder my door and
discharged the entire contents into the room.
This resulted iii a horrendous Irntl costly
situation. Altliotrglr there wcr several people
who observed and admitted
persons responsible were. no judicial action
came about from this.

One character who is responsible for this
left school Iintl is now in liloritlii. The other
has since moved to Alumni Quad. liven
outside the University (iuidclincs this is It
criminal offense. l. as an RA. wrts told to
forget the incitlent rind Mike Welch arid John
Murphy, Dutch QuIId ('oortlinator. would
handle the issue. Iixcept for u eortple of
turfttce-level inquiries. nothing was dorte. Brit
lwe soon became iICcirstomed to this its on the

 

to who the

was to report on the opinion and possible

plight of the alternate living environment of
Pierce IIiill. The reporting of the meeting
between Pierce Hall residents and Director of
Residence John Welty was very concise and
very well dottc. however. when it comes to the
subject of photo journalism. 1 am curious to
find out why the ASPpuhlished a photograph
contplete with a caption concerning Pierce
residents. not of Home Hallor Brubacher. the
two major subjects of this residence reform.
but rather a photograph of the Sayles
International House which lies on the other
side of the Quad from Pierce Hall. between
Brubacher and Waterbury llalls.

At this point it would become very easy for
me to go into a long winded speclr about how
Alumni is always the forgotten Quad but l
won't because I think my point has been
made. Let‘s just leave ital. next time. please
use It little research first. It's hrirtl enough
trying to get Alumni rccogui/ctl lor wlntt it is
tone lilth ol residence community) without
having the .-t.$'l’rcnaming the buildings for us.
Please. jut it little consideration.

The R. Barnes
Alumni Quad l’residcnt

/:'i/i'Iiiri niIIII.’ 'Hlt‘ [t/tu/ugrn/i/I iIr‘I‘onI/mm‘i'ng
I/lt‘ l‘ft‘l't l' IIrI/lurr/i It’ i not Ill/it'll from a hall
ll'f/Itll‘ll‘. -li l'illl lt'l/l Iltlft', l/tr' til/mint ri'fi'rr
fll riniIi/rIn/ipondering/tnruli/r' t/lll Ill i'ltungi't.
hut/ting out /I'illll Iln' lIiI/l. inn/inn: II t‘lllll‘t'fl'
(li'i'lll‘rlli‘.

majority III our judicial Iclcrrals nuaction was
taken. liven irltci all this we did not let oirr
efforts as RA‘s to be hampered.

In one letter that appeared in the zlSl’last
semester the RA‘s were attached ris a group
and one singled otrr as being a “big brother".
The anonymous author was easily identified
antl her story can be refined. She appeared in
my room on many ocasions seeking niyadviec
on student aird personal llttlllt'l‘s. It I was likca
big brother it was due to her constantly
seeking attention. I never approached her
with prclabricatctl or iInlouIIdiIig advice.
(‘oncerning this letter “W stall was told riot to
respond. llIcrcloIc. our side was never heard
frotn.

Before co»l{A‘s we had

roommates the previous semester. Because of

being been
this we were very good friends and were often
together. We \vcro' told by both Mike Wclclt
and John Murphy that as ltA‘s we should be
seen more apart from each other. However.
often we were in otrr separate rooms with our
doors open. ll'thcy were closed it wasonlydtre
to the deafening continuous noisc found iii the
hall. Despite their constant interference at the
otrtsct of the semester in titIr fricntlslrip. we
continued to hang around one another. We
don‘t feel anyone. no matter who they are. can
tell or suggest to another person who their
friends should he and/or how much little to
spend with them.

Because of the instances ahch and tnany
others not Incntitrned.wc of our owtr fl'CCWlll
chose to leave l’ittmttn Hall. We don't feel
have to live under the

anyone slrottltl

This is it, kid. Your twenties.
The pimples have gone away,
revealing the face of a brand new
adult, fresh off the assembly line.
When you get out of here, you
will have just finished an amazing
progression that began years ago,
in the rooms of elementary
schools. A progression that
moved you to the back seat of
your parents’ car, to the halls of a
,concert arena. to wherever you
.have been, to now.

And now, kid, you gotta make
:your mark. You gotta put it all
together and decide what the hell
it was all worth. In this decade,
out of puberty, but still in the
midst of the glories of youth, you
will finish your formal education,
and continue your informal one.
The one that has been taking
place not in the classrooms of
boring economic lectures, btrt in
the recesses of a developing mind.
Formal education behind, it now
takes the back seat (or the trtrnk),
and finally, you have full control.

So what are you gonna do, kid?
Are you a bit scared? A little ner—
vous, a little excited, a little tin-
sure? Of course you are, and if
you weren’t, you’d probably be
kidding yourself. Some may tell
you that now “you are entering
the real world.” and your life

 

'Here’s Looking At You, Kid l“

begins. But what the hell has this
been. thefake world? Remember,
you have been happy at SUNYA.
You have been sad at SUNYA.
You may have fallen in love, you
may have experienced hate. You
have been hurt here, you have
had your triumphs, and you have
lived a period of your unique
existence here. And if that ain’t
real, kid, then what is?

Sound strange, kid? You will
leave SUNYA. But you have
never left the real world. And
even though you will indeed do
what you must do during the next
ten years, and give your life its
ttrrn that will mark it for history,
by being here. you have altered
your cotrrse. Moreover, you have
proceeded on it. You never stop-
ped, and you never will.

So kid, take it real easy. Sure
you’re moving on. and sure it’s
important, but you’re moving on
the same road you’ve been on for
a long time; your road. We’re in
the real world right now
(someone can even kill you at
SUNYA), and we’re gonna stay
in the real world. So when you
leave. please remember kid,
you’re probably more ready for
the real world than you think. Ya

been here your whole damn life.

" . . . Strange fascind.‘ fascinating me, change: I’m
taking . . . The pace I'm going through . . ."
David Bowie

 

Nijws [DITOR
Associx'n. rows entroas
AhI’HfTS Lotion
Srorus unrtnt
Assot'IA'rt. ’r't
I-lnn‘ottixt. Hots EDITOR

 

s1 Alf watttas: Robert Illasenstciu. Jctt
Wendell lleddon, Michele Israel. Keir ‘
Smith. David Spiro AP rumours:

  

 

onutrisINt; MANAGER
BILLING CONSULTANT
I'M/Ito”. MANAGER

ltimititurmt; . . . . . . . . . . . . .

 

 

conditions that we lived under for fotrr
months. We would like to ask the ASP why
we as RA‘s were never contacted about our
side nftlre story at l‘ittmttn Hall. We feel very
strongly and also in the eyes of many others
that we were totally unstrpportetl. rthnscd.
mistreated. antl otrr feelings never given
consideration as hotlt residents antl RA‘s ttt
Pittman Hall. This letter is not written for
sympathy. but for explanation to show that
life at l’ittmuit llitll wasn‘t rrll so crrsynotoitly
for residents. bill for us as Residence
personnel its well.
lir'rtnk l‘illppone
l'lIil (‘ioppa
Former l’itmttnn Ilall RA‘s

fVl‘th.‘ (‘IMIRDINATOI
VHH'ItIAl. (‘AMIIA
Gitxrttlt‘s (xiii-oi NA'I‘on

('lllll‘ PHOTOGRAPHER Milt“

 

 

Jxv B. (itser, tEdiIor-in-Clrlef

L‘rrronc, Janet (‘erni. Mnrie Cortissoz. Mike Dunne.
'uru. Steve ()ster. Don Rossi. Aron Smith. Deborah
Schercr. Lloyd Levenberg ZODIAC Nr

Schrnub I‘llEVll.W Hint: Dianii ()rr'ci Air'is t'uoitoms‘rna:
t'tltmlilNA'lth: l'irtrick Ford Ntwsinitottsntmritis: Matthew

.lonxiitxn Honors. llrtti'nt-sr Mirnngt'r

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Dianne Koi-i:
. . . . . . . . . . . . . LIsA Al'l'lJSltAUM

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . ltIrNNv thrown

sans I’IZRSI)NNEI.: Steve (ioldstein. Jcli lcvitttn, Richie Mcrinelstein cusslrtro xnvrtt'rtsmti:
St c Mrnier COMPOSITION: Amy Sours. lliiydcn Ctrrriith so nonunion MANAGER: lrcne
liirmat Al) PaoDtrtTION: Hildy llriind. Sally Anti Brecher. Liz Rozwod. Laurie Studwell orncs:
Rosemary (iross, Ruth ‘lcrill not: I'lllP: Leslie Appclhtiuin

LYNN Hear. Production Manager
RoIIN GOLDIEIG. Arrm‘iatt' Production Manager

. . . . . . . . . . . . .RoIi VAN Gnovtnt

FAME ur: lcslie Appclbanni. Michele Berk. Miriant Epstein. Sophia Kustas. Jill Meyerson,

Beth 'Siinon Tvrtsrs: Sally Anti Bt‘echcr. Diana Cochran. Robin Goldberg. Cara Janowsky. .

(‘lreryl Kiuifiniin. t'liirtr Kuehler. Marilyn Moxkowrtr. lvy I’cltl, Beth Stone noorasxnra:
lJonnII Retc ner

PHOTOGIAHIV. .rllpp/lt'tl principally I v University Photo Service

Ann llovrik PIIO'I‘OtiM tritus: Tony ' ‘

Scott Areinttn. Routine Ku akoff, Ilob Leonard. frinya Anti IiarveV. Jeff Sclineebttum. Sam
Terelti. Howie Jacobs, .lohn ’.‘how. Tue Moon Lee

ESTAIJSIII D l9lh
the Albert y Sliiikrrl Prom I: published every Ttlrsir' ty and Friday during titerr/ioolycar b y the
Albany Slutlml Pch: Corporation. tlll Irulqu'riilent Itoi«for~proﬂt organizatlon. Editorial
policy It determined by the b‘tllIor-i'n ('Irlef and I: .ruhjet't to review by the Editorial Board.
Malling Addie”: Albany Student I‘i'ersslgfiiilfhgtgd Washington Ave, Albany. N Y l2222
( - .

 

. . . , . . . . M. J. MIsMMorr
(‘IIAItLI-s BELL. NANCY GLIEASUN
llath Kllk‘l‘llik
l’sui. St'llWARTl

 

Ste hiinie Del Valle tuner: I.tNr.
ox. 'l'tnn Martcllo.Jtll Haber

. . . . . . . . husAN

 

l.t)ltAlNll LlllllltA'l‘Oltll
PAT Lovtt

lasirarotti. [aura Viscusi,

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

