  
   
 
   
     
   

  

I
f going with the guy in town everyone loves.
l who's a war~hero to boot. The girl. played by

1509886 -

__l§har SE 0035

Joe Jackson has overcome ‘Bostonltis‘, a
fatal musIcal lnﬂiction which Invariably strikes
after a smash debut album. sending a band's
skyrocketing promise and popularity to the
cleaners. Meatloaf has all the symptoms. and
although Frampton didn't contract the disease
until his Comes Alive album, he too was
struck, reduced to preying on the weekly
allowance of fifteen year olds.

ﬁCIiff Sloan

'The Man'. however, despite an unusually
successful debut album. Is still lookin' sharp.
Jackson. as the title of htsnew LP implies. Is
well aware of his success. I’m The Man bub-
les over with spiteful conceit and unrestrain-
gd cynicism. The lyrics cut and bite, spitting on
those who doubted him. as well as those who
gave birth to his new-found success. ‘On Your
Radio.‘ the album's single and first cut. shoots
venemous triumph at the artist's
past—‘Ex‘friends. Err-lovers. and enemies,
I've got your case in front of me today. All
sewn up, Ex-bosses you never let me be . . .
Don't you know you can’t get near me, You
can only hope to hear me on your radio . . .
You're nowhere'.
One's first reaction is to immediately dub
him ‘Costello the Second.' but don‘t Jump to
conclusions. Jackson lacks the lyrical wit and
elusiveness that's always been a trademark of
Costello cynicism. Elvis, It can't be denied, Is
no fan of the 20th century world and its
values. Yet as.cutting and demeaning as his
lyrics get. they rarely pinpoint a target.
.Jackson, however. leaves nothing to the im-
agination. Like a sawed-off shotgun.he bluntly
zeros In and explodes his target.
‘l'm The Man'. the album's title cut. murders
the media. ‘l’ll speak. to the masses through
the media. And If you got anything to say to
‘me. You can say It with cash, Cause l've got
the trash and you've got the cash. So baby we

 

During the second World War. a huge
number of American G.l.'s were stationed in
Britain. and probably. a lot of them fell itt love
with British girls. The fact that they had more
money than the British soldiers did, that there
were so many of them. and that their culture
was so different caused a good deal of Anglo-
American friction. This is the subject matter of
John Schlesinger's new film. Yanks.

Jim Dixon

The film actually has two plots dealing witl
two affairs between American soldiers and
English women. Predictably, one is between a
non-com and a middle'class girl. and the
other between a Captain and an upper-class
matron--a la Upstairs. Downstairs. The non-
com. a young sergeant from Arizona, is
played by Richard Gere. one of the fastest—
rising young movie stars in America. (Gere
has won critical praise for his performances in
Looking For Mr. Goodbar and Bloodbrothers,
and will soon be seen in Paul Schrader’s An
American Gigolo.) He finds himself in the no-
wtn situation of being In love with a girl who‘s

 

 

Lisa Eichhorn. also on the rise professionally.
is one of those girls guys to movies Just fall in
love with. As convention demands. she fights
being In love with her new suitor every step of
the way. but really can't help herself. Richard
Gere is Just too nice a guy.

The officer Is played by Albany native
William Devane. a fine actor whose career has
Just never taken off as it should. Devane,
whose finestmoments include his portrayal of
John F. Kennedy in ABC's The Missles 010c-
tober and a homosexual Intelligence agent In
Schiestnger's last film, Marathon Man, plays a

man whose marriage at home Is breaking up.

may“... a...“ ......\

Sound ‘8‘z1V‘t'sid'n'

should get along line, You see I can't always
get through to you, So l go [or your son. lhad
a giant rubber shark and it really made a mark.
DIdJa Looka Looka Lookit alla blood.’ But
don't let the lyrics antagonize you. the songs
dynamite. Besides, Joe’s Just telling the truth.
Rock’s never been noted for its musical precl-
sIon. Like all media. it’s a business full of well
calculated timing and hype. Sure, Joe's a little
blunt about It. and he generalizes, but that‘s
merely his style. ‘Amateur Hour,‘ pumps
another round of Jackson's ruthless cynicism
Into the media—'You know if someone likes
your face, You'd be a fool to stay strictly
amateur. . . he world would be a better
place. If some of us could stay amateurs.’ Joe
cocks and aims again with ‘Don't Wanna Be
LIkeThat'-—'The Playboy centerfold leaves
me cold, And that ain't ’cause l’m a lag, So
you playboys can Just go play with yoursell,
That's your style, cause that's a drag.’
Jackson's assassinattn of the media is finished,
at least for now.

Joe turns and points his musical shotgun at
what seems to be his favorite target‘love.
‘Geraldtne and John.‘ the album's second
track, will instantly bring back memories of
‘Happy Loving Couples.‘ a cut from his Look
Sharp debut album. in fact. the lyrics get too
close for comfort. ‘Geraldine and John's-‘See
the happy couple, see their clothes so white':
'Happy Loving Couples’--‘Happy Loving
Couples. with matching white turtleneck
sweaters.‘ it's either a leftover from the Look
Sharp studio sessions or simply traditional
Jackson. Whatever Its origin, Joe's contempt
for all the ‘Jenny and Oliver' lovers of the
world shoots through (‘See the scar on his face
from the day he met her brother'). The tune Is
solid - more a sturdy foundation for the album
than its apex. Joe cocks his shotgun again. but
the target remains the same. ‘lt's Different For
Girls' rips Into adolescent romance. ‘No. not
love she said, Don't you know It's different for
girls. You're all the same. ' Jackson stays sharp

MEYEanks For
Theﬂemories

and who is trying to turn his friendship with an
intelligent and sexy married woman (Vanessa
Redgrave) into an affair.

The dialogue and situations are well-written
and beautifully acted. Where the script falls
short is in its structure. The Gere-Eichhorn
plot is essentially a boy meets girl. boy loses
girl and boy gets girl back story, but the boy
loses girl part happens too late in the plot.
When the young sergeant suddenly pulls out
(literally) of his relationship with his beautiful
girlfriend. It seems an inconsistency in
characterization. We have been given no
reason to believe that he has been anything
less than totally devoted to the relationship,
and thus his last—minute onanism seems im-
plausible. Schlesinger's direction and expert
acting from Gere and Ms. Eichhorn carry the
plot though. and much of it is very touching.
Dramatically more convincing is the secondary
plot. played with tearJerkIng maturity by
Devane and Ms. Redgrave. interestingly. It is
here that Schlesinger’s direction falters for the
only time in the film. After Devane and Ms.
Redgrave have spent their first night together.
Schlesinger gives us the sequence so totally by
:he book that many fans could recite the shots
as they occur: Close-up of folded uniform on
the bed. pan to Devane and Redgrave In front
of mirror, pan to reflection in mirror. etc.

in many respects. the portrayal of the
cultural clashes between American G.l.'s and
British populace are the script's best asets.
This is well-done. with both attitudes well-
deftned. The point of view is somewhat am-
biguous, however. The director is English and
1 Suspect the same Is true of the writers. yet the
ostensible viewpoint is American.

in some regards the Americans appear
somewhat stereotyped. (The American blunt-
ness, crude humor and folksy wisdom seem a
bit pat and predictable.) Nonetheless. the

son'lals Ann

M

I .Aspects' ‘.

    

 

  

Tulle this man very seriously. He's got i shotgun loaded with sarcasm and

cynical oplto. Ilia lll'n may not always be true but when Joe chluon olngo. poo-

plo cringe.
and love lies bleeding.

He whirls and reloads. The working class
scrambles for cover, But It's too late, Joe's got
'em in his sights. Bang! - ‘The Bank Wore Blue
Shirts (A True Story)‘ rings out. ‘I get my rates
from the urtion. [get my shirts realcheap. lgei
my money, get home, get some sleep. 'The it»
chy trigger finger squeezes again. This time,
‘Friday.' blasts out - ‘Once you clock in, you‘ll
take any shit all right. Ain't that right.’

 

 

 

Jackson's mass murder is over.

On Look Sharp. Joe had better aim. His
targets seemed more vulnerable and diver—
sified. Or maybe it's Just because no one had
ever seen his gun before. it might even be that
slowly but surely, Mr. Jackson is running out
of ammunition. Nevertheless. his impact is
powerful and enjoyable and I'm The Man Is
nothing short of a killer O

 

 

Yanks. John Schlesinger'o new film.

is from the mold of old forties war

romancel. Boy meets girl. Boy Iooeo girl. Boy gets girl. All this and a World War

loo.
British antagonism of the Americans isn't
always right In their views and the script ob-
viously intends that we see this.

The only real criticism of the American
comes during a biting sequence. in which a
black 6.1. is savagely beaten by redneck

Americans for dancing with a white girl. The '

British women are angered with their
American boyfriends for not trying to stop the
violence. in retrospect, the sequence seems
more believable than it did on first viewing. it
was not much earlier In the century when the
black concert singer and actor Paul Robeson
wrote his brother from England that he prefer-
red performing there than home. because the
London critics simply referred to him as to ‘the
great American baritone.’

Technically, one couldn't ask for better than

Yanks. The photography by Dick Bush is
superb. (though i have an admitted prejudice
towards English villages and countryside, vin-
tage trains loaded with costumed extras and
other very expensive bits of period detail, are
as good as they cotne.

The storyline. if flawed. is engaging and in-
teresting. and the characters are easy to care
about. Sentimentalists might bring handker-
chiefs.

Classy love stories are hard to find these
days. and to many, Yanks may seem like rain
In the desert. Not to say the film Is not without
its defects, It is one of the more entertaining
options open to the Capital District moviegoer
at the present time. it should provide all but
the most Jaded viewer with a little escapism
and little food for thought. .

Page 90 ~

 

 
 

pleasantly surprised by Time After Time; it is a
pleasant. llkeable. thoroughly charming fan.

Mark Rossier.

I must admit my smug little critical mind was

 

 

Sound & Vision

to be. It's Just that this Is suc

Ime Vlar s For All Men

n enjoyable ‘invents a time machine which. though he's

movie It would be a shame for anyone not to never tried it. theoretically should work. He

like it Just because they expected something announces his discovery to a group of friends

more or different. This Is an old fashioned at a dinner party, one of whom. unknown to
comedy~mystery that can only stand up as Welles. happens to be Jack the Ripper (aka

such,

 

tasy that will satisfy anyone who doesn't go ex-
like a

pecting too much. That sounds

backhanded compliment and i don't mean it

 

Malcolm McDowell plays ".6. Welles pursuing the dastardly Jack the Ripper PYL’SUHCC’ abUUl her
from Victorian England to modern-day San Franslaco. Well worth your time.

I we aged

The theme of Foreigner's newest album.
Head Games, is a repetition of their first two
albums—women. They seem to he plagued by
them. and the usual ‘she's done me wrong'
echoes throughout the record. The record is
good though, arguably their best. an all-out

Laurel Solomon

rocker. Their style is Sllll tn very much the
same vein it has always been. but they are
perfecting It, and the result is a much cleaner
yet raw feeling sound, much like that of Bad

 

 

onlgnor Io aclr

Foreigner

Company. The lyrics are nothing heavy.
although tlte bzrnd seems to think they are. as

o n 

   

with their third album and pr

they've included a lyric sheet.

Side one opens with their current single.
‘Dirty White Boy.‘ it's got a great riff gotng
throughout the song, the kind of thing that
really sticks with you and gets a song to the top
of the AM charts. It's typical Foreigner
‘. . .Wilf it rttin your reputation loving me
.I'm a loner but

cause I'm a dirty whileboy. .

I'm never alone. every night lget one step

closer to the danger zone. . .

The second cut builds on a popular theme,

    

p“

dictably Head Game. in

anothor mlndleal ejaculation of power rock for the teen not. We only rock-n-

y

 

John Leslie Stevenson. played by David

Briefly. the plot involves the old hunter and Warner). The police burst in to arrest Jack
hunted theme. although the roles often get who escapes via the time machine to modern
reversed. H.G. Welles. (Malcolm McDowell) day San Francisco; Welles follows and along

the way falls ln‘love with a bank teller (Mary
Steenburgen) who then assists him In his
search. That, at least is the main plot. but the
film work: best when dealing with its major
subplot. the efforts of Welles and. to a lesser
degree. Stephenson. to adjust to a world total-
Iy different from their own,

Time After Time tries to be many things: as
social commentary it's superficial (for example
the time machine runs on solar energy. but
this aspect isn't stressed); as a love story it's
only satisfying near the end; and as a thriller it
has a number of wonderfully effective. if
unoriginal sequences (the first scene is
especially good). But. the movie is most suc-
cessful us a comedy. Welles' first encounters
with cars. telephones. electric tooth brushes.
and the new ideas and morals of the seventies
may not be high comedy but they do provide
some good. hearty chuckles in a year that has
not exactly been great for comedy (though
some of Apocalypse Now is absolutely
hysterical). Part of the reason is Malcolm
McDowell's performance. He shines when
dealing with Welles' befttdtlletnt-ttt He doesn't
seem to liikt,’ this whole thing too seriously, so
McDowell Just relaxes and enjoys ltintself and
he lets the audience do the same: it's nice to
see an actor not trying to win an Oscar with
every perfortttance. Mary Steetrburgen also
has it deft comedic touch. She was the only
good thing in Jack Nicholson's horror of last
year Coin" South. She has a marvelous
and we must add her
name to the growtng list of talented young ac~
trusses (Meryl Streep. Signoury Weaver. Mary

Gets Ahead ‘ 

love On the Telephnne'. Cliche. yet
Foreigner is able to hold the listener's interest.
Actually. that is and always has been the pur-
pose of the band. They are a heavy metal
pop-tuck band, appealing to the masses. yet
accepted by the rock and rollers too. They are
a commercial band, yet still seem to appeal to
a discriminating public. something that is not
too easy to pull off.

The third cttt is called ‘Women' and pros
cet'ds to describe every kind of female int-
irginable it's a good rocker. probably one of
the better ones on the album.

‘l'll Get Evert With You' has a promising
synthesizer opening, and becomes a good
poprucker. with another recurring Foreigner
theme. (15 stated itt the title. ‘You gave it to me
real low. you gave me such a low blow, you
kick (1 man when he's down, you kick ltim
when he's on the ground. .No. I won't
lot it get to the. ill try and hold it all back, But
I'll get even with you.’ Another one. of their
. femme fatales.

‘Seventeen' is another lrtlL’ of woe. A jailbait
lover has left her man for another, and
somehow this story is dragged out to over
(our r'lllll‘rl‘llilll minutes It's another good
rocker, but with a weak guitar solo that was
mixed much too low and is a strain to hear.
which may he just its well One thing the band
is Licking in originality. .rlthough this can be
accepted in the lyrics. it is difficult to accept In
the music. This aspect is all too evident in this
song.

Side Two opens with the title track which is
again typical Foreigner. nothing special. but
dennitely listenable. it‘s the kind of music that
you can get Into, but don't go out of your way
to listen to, A decent song, but a little weak to
head a side off with (Foreigner usually places
their strongest songs as the first cut on a side.
For example. “Hot Blooded" headed up the
first side of the second album. and "Double Vi-
sion" was the first cut on the second side.')

The next song. “The Modern Day" has a lit~
tie more life to It. It is an attempt at some sort
of introspection. “Got a picture in my mind of
the may [wanna be, so lsearclr until llind the
power inside of me."

Beth Hurt among others). David Warner is
also ftne as the villainous Jack; he's been In
the business long enough to not let his
dastardly sneer get out of hand. he doesn't fall
into the trap of overacting that many people
playing this kind of part do.

On the minus side, while l'm more than will-
ing to suspend my disbelief there were certain
Inconsistencies tn the plot. For example. why
does no one hear the time machine leaving
when Jack escapes, or do the people In the
tnuseum notice the machine is gone. and why
do they end up in San Francisco and not
modern day London? Playing with time is a
tricky thing and l was never quite sure if the
people from l893 would remember the people
from I979 if they went back and vlca versa.
Though these flaws are far from minor they
can easily be overlooked Just as similar pro-
blems In Heaven Can Wait could be Ignored. l
also found the last scene and the printed post
script overly’cuie and dramatically implausi-
ble. as well as chauvanlstic.

As i said. nothing in Time Alter Ttme is real-
ly new. the cinematography during the time
traveling scenes is right out of'2001: A Space
Odyssey. the chase scenes come from Bullit.
and the past confronting the ‘wonders' of the
present conte from any number of movies
from the forties and fifties (and they originally
got it be reversing the same in A Connecticut
Yankee irt King Arthur's Court). However.
there's nothing terribly wrong with stealing
from your butters especially if. like Nicholas
Meyer (who also wrote the screenplay as well
as The Seven Percent Solution~he does like
to play \vrth history) this is your first feature;
.tnd. like Meyer. you do It with some degree of
crunpvtvnce. lint. criticisms aside. Time Alter
Tune works as a piece of fluff. an entertain-

 

 

 

  
 

 

 

ment in the best sense of the word. it's not
really good movie making. but that's alright

 

tun Given the choice. l'd much rather sit
through competent, enjoyable fluff than bad
pretentious art. .

"Blinded By Science" is a pile of intellectual
bullshit. Foreigner is a great macho rock ‘n' roll
band. but when it comes to ballads, especially
when they attempt to be intelligent. they score
a big. fat zero. The harmonies. weeping syn~
thesizers. and ‘thoughtful' lyrics all combine in-
to a nauseating mtsh-mash. a song that sends
you flying across the room to pick up the
phonograph needle before you have to hear
another second of horrid noise.

“Do What You Like“ sounds like heaven
alter the suffering just endured. and it is a
good song. melodious, with some good har-

monies. Another tale of lost love. but perhaps

“They are a heavy metal
pop-rock band, appeal—

ing to the masses, yet

accepted by rock and
rollers too.”

w-
a bit more inspiring than some of .the other
songs on the album. It's got a really good
melody, the kind that sticks with you.

Side Two closes with “Rev On the Red
Line". this time an ode to a car rather than to a
girl, It's got an interesting tempo. and is pro-
bably more innovative musically than usual.
True to their nature. the lines “And make no
mistake. there's women who just tualt for the
man and the machine with the best time," are
included.

This album, like all Foreigner albums. is
destined to have a great deal of air play and
so. if they continue in the same direction. will.
their next few albums. Foreigner seems to be
what the public wants. Geared mostly to at
high school and college aged audience. they

 

epitomize the life-style of the l970's. This is
why. in spite of the fact that l could-criticize this
album to no end, l find myself listening to it
and enjoying it. And Isn't that what rock is
supposed to be all about? 9'

 

 

    

 

’ mama.» tsswmeh-w.~._n_m' « 3...".

 

.l‘

 

