 

 

 

. .e. — "-.v--....—.ov..G—-Jv “taxman...

 

 

 

 

 

r“ i world news briefs"

other senior leaders. indication “the importance China

Airline Caper to Hit Courts

NEW YORK (AP) Members of a Maﬁa crime family and
some employees of Lufthansa German Airlines have been
subpoenaed to answer questions about last December's
record Sift-million robbery at the Lufthansa cargo terminal
at Kennedy Airport. Reliable sources, who declined to be
identiﬁed. reported Wednesday that IO persons who have
been ordered to appear before a federal grand jury in
Brooklyn on Feb. 14. Neither the US. attorney‘s ofﬁce nor
ihe FBlrmuld comment on the report. The Lufthansa
robbery turned out to be the biggest cash haul in the nation's
history. It was carried out by a gang of masked men who put
' it"shotgun to the head of the airline's night manager at
Kennedy Airport on Dec. II, forced him to open a safe. and
escaped with $5 million in cash and $800,000 in jewels.

Egypt Accepts Talks Offer

CAIRO. Egypt (AP) Egypt yesterday accepted an American
invitation to three-way ministerial-IeVel talks aimed at
breaking the impasse in Mideast peace talks with Israel. The
invitation was given to President Anwar Sadat by American
Ambassador Hermann Eilts during a 40-minute meeting at
the persidential palace. A sirr'rilar invitation was given to
lsracii Prime Minister Menacbem Besin on Wednesday. The
Israeli Cabinet met yesterday to consider the invitation but
postponed a decision until its regular meeting on Sunday.
Israeli ofﬁcials said the Cabinet almost certainly would agree
to send Foreign Minister Moshe Dayan to the talks with
Egyptian Foreign Minister Mustafa Khalil and Secretary of
State Cyrus R. Vance. The talks are expected to be at Camp
David. Md.. later this month. '

Chinese Leader Returns Home

TOKYO (AP) Chinese Vice Premier Teng Hsiao-ping
returned to Peking yesterday after an eight-day visit to the
United States which achieved "important results." the
ofﬁcial Hsinhua news agency said. It said he got an
“impressive welcome" from Chairman Hua Kuo-feng and

 

 

 

 

 

Humanities Gets Human

Expansion of Animal rcscarch laboritorics and addition of
new faculty members will rcsult in the relocation of the
Human research labs. formerly to the basement of
Humanities. The labs are currently located on the basement
floor of the Social Science building.

Construction began about thccnd oflast semester with the
Psychology Department‘s decision to expand its animal
research. The Board of Health rcquircs larger
accommodations for thc grcatcr number of animals to be
used. According to Professor Jamcs Tcdushi the smell
created by a larger animal facility coupled with the lcsscncd

spttcc would create conditions impossible for human
research. a

Ten additional faculty members have also crcatcd a need
for additional space in both Animal and Human facilities.

The relocation should be cotnplctc in one to two weeks
when university personnel finish work on the observation
rooms and the ofﬁces located in the lower levels of
Humanities.

— James Dutcher

Lobbyists Learn Trade

Students can now be bettersequipped to lobby in the
legislature. thanks to the SUNY Albany Chapter of
NYPIRG,

The Public Interest Research Group will conduct a
training forum for present of would-be lobbyists at 7:30 on
Tuesday. Feb. IS in DA 364.

NYPIRG‘s lobbyist and training sessions, which will be
conducted by Arthur Malkin (NYPIRG's Legislative
Coordinator) and Donald Ross (NYPIRG’s Director) is
designed to familiarize students with the legislative process
and to teach them to be effective advocates. The sessions will

include workshops on the committee system. with an

 

 

£

 

development of Sino-U.S. relations and'of
of the important results of Teng’s Visit
“It is expected that. with Teng's tour of
the United States as a beginning. friendly exchanges between
the two countries and their relations in other ﬁelds erI
experience new growth." Teng‘s four-city US. tour. the ﬁrst
ever by a top Chinese Communist leader, followed
establishment of diplomatic relations between Peking and
Washington. Before ﬂying home. Teng stopped for twodays
in Tokyo and told Japanese leaders the United States
muddled its handling of the Iranian crisis and called for
restraints against the pro-Kremlin government in Vietnam.

US Oil Crisis a Possisibility

WASHINGTON (AP) The continuing political strife in Iran

raises the possibility that the United States could be hit with

an oil crisis “more serious" than the 1973-74 Arab embargo, a

top ofﬁcial says. Energy Secretary James R. Schlesinger said

Wednesday the cutoff of Iranian oil is forcing the United

States to draw on reserves to make up for part of the 900.000 ,
barrels a dayonce supplied by that country. “Unless we are

able to restock for next winter. out inventories could be

dangerously low." he testiﬁed before the Senate Energy

Committee. He said he had seen no indication “that theslide

of Iran toward chaos has been arrested.“ Although the Carter

administration hopes voluntary fuel conservation will solve
the problem. Schlesinger said ofﬁcials were studying a
package of mandatory controls. including Sunday closing of
gasoline stations. He ruled out gas rationing.

attaches to t1:
China's appreciation
to the United States.

New Plan for a New Degree

ALBANY. (AP) Although some state Legistators have 1
compared it a “dishonorable discharge." state Education
Commissioner Gordon Ambach has endorsed a plan to give
a kind of high school degree to students unable to pass
minimum competency tests. Ambach also said Wednesday
he would ask the Regents to allow high school principles to
cxcmpt students from takingthe tests and give them a regular
high school diploma. The principal would have to state that

nmphasis on the Higher Edution Committees. Information
on committee and floor proccdurcs with suggestions on ways
to build local inﬂuence will also be discussed.

NYPIRG. one of New York's largest student-run research
and action groups. has been very active over the past ﬁve
years. In addition to havingmuintained a lobbying presence at
the legislature . NYPIRG has been largely responsible for
passing several inportant bills.

"Studcnts are greatly affected by the actions of the
Legislature." said Larry Bear. NYPIRG chairperson of
SUNYA. “This year. for example. tuition bikes for public
schools. ﬁnancial aid for part-time students, control over
standardized tests and othcr key highcrcducation issues are
certain to be debated by the Senate and Assembly.

Moreover." (he continued) “many other issucs. such as the
future of nuclear power in New York Statc. the cost of
automobilc insurance. and safeguards for toxic waste
disposal which are of interest to students will be discussed by
the legislature.“
—I£vclyn Ellis

Bugged About Litter

l'bc Enviornmental Decisions Commission has initiated a
poster campaign to make students aware of the growing
problem oflitter and vandalism on thc'SUNYA campus, said
the Director of Communication Relations. Phil Johnson.

The series of posters. are now being placed along the
campus. Johnson explained that threats of. treat and ﬁnes for
acts of vandalism and littering have not recuced the problem.

“The posters are a technique that would draw attention to
the issue. Arresting people doesn't solve the problem. This will
make people aware of it."

"If people take one. we won't be upset." added Johnson. “At
least people will notice them.“

The campaign is a result of a statement issued by the
commission in January. emphasizing the responsibility of all
university members .to maintain a clean and vandal-free
campus. President 0' Leary endorsed this statement of

achievement"
competency tests. but completed 12 years of schooling.

Support for Khomeini Rising

TEHRAN, Iran (AP) An estimated one million people.
including hundreds of uniformed soldiers. marched through
Teharan yesterday in support of holy man Ruhollah

giving Prime Minister Shahpour Bakhtiar further cause to

in his view. the student eculd do equiValent work. even if he
couldn't pass the exam. Whether his plan will be approved by
the Regents. the governing body for education in the state. is
open to question; one Regent called it a “sellout”. The
commissioner said he would ask the regents to authorize

high schools to give something called a “certiﬁcate of
to students who have flunked their

Khomeini's revolution. The turnout of military men was the
biggest yet seen in an anti-government demonstration here.

question whether lower-ranking soldiers would back his
government in a showdown with Khomeini. Bakhtiar
remained deﬁant. hOWever. vowing not to surrender to the
Moslem religious leader and accusing him of depending on
the “mob” rather than democracy. New political violence was
reported in the Oaspian Sea town of Gorgon. where state
radio said four anti-government demonstrators were killed
and 21 injured. The broadcast said security forces opened ﬁre
when protesters set ﬁre to shops, banks and other buildings.

Proposals Find Opposition

ALBANY. NY. (AP) The Legislature has started its annual
tinkering with the governor‘s budget proposals. And
apparently Gov. Hugh Carey‘s modest tax—cut plans are first
on the list of things due for change. Two key legislators ~
Assembly Speaker Stanley Fink, a Democrat. and Scnatc
Finance Committee Chairman John Marchi. a Republican
—-both indicated Wednesday that they want to scrap one
part of Carey‘s tax changes and have doubts about others.
They also don't like his plans tomake a sharp cut in the state's
revenue-sharing aid to local governments. Fink said he didn‘t
see "that much kccnncss" among his fellow Democrats for
Carey’s plans to cut taxes on capital gains to bcncﬁt upper-
incomc New Yorkers. Marchi said hc and his fellow
Republicans were not “cxcitcd” about it. either.

J

\

 

 

 

February Sin a meeting with UAS, faculty members. students.
Housing and Residence. and administrators. He said that
there is a need for a university widc effort to stop litter and
vandalism.

SA President. Paul Feldman explained that there an:
' limited resources which are: needed to approach the problem.
He explained that the campaign should be a conscience raising
event.

“If someone sces someone doing something wrong. like
busting up a window. he should say ‘What the hell are you
doing'!‘. He should stop them. No one says anything. said
Fcldman.

SA Vicc Prcsidcnt. Fred Brewington agrees that students
should be conscious of the problem. Hc explains that quad
members will be meeting with Plant supcr_visors to discuss thc
situation. especially in the areas ofvnndalism. “Students should
take pride in their campus." said Brewington.

Johnson explained that the problem of litter and vandalism
had bccn recognized in the past but that Tom Donnelly. an
active student member of tlic Enviornmcntal Decisions
Commission. pushed for further action.

The campaign is costing approximately $500. “The price ol
the campaign and the cost of repairs tend to interact. We'll
spend $500 on the campaign in hopes that $500 worth of
rcpttirs won't be needed. "explained Johnson.

— Michele Israel

No Room For Racketball-ers

If you're thinking of playing racketball in the gym today.
' but you haven‘t reserved a court yet. then you may as Well
forget it.

Awarding to a member of SUNYA Coach Schieffelin's
staff. people can begin to use the courts daily. but by 8:05 all
the prime slots are fillcd. The staff member said there's really
nothing that can be dottc about the situation.

So if you'rcjust dyingtogct a little rucketball in tomorrow.
you had better set your alarm tonight.

~ — Evelyn Ellis

 

 

PAGE TWO

" ambiancecuaagwmw... ..

’L

ALBAN'Y STUDENT mass

( ssmya news briefs

 

 

 

J

FEBRUARY 9. 1979

 

 

..-~.>-~-v‘.v . n“- u.-

 

....\....,‘...........,._.4.

t

1 Student Patrol To Seek unding ‘

by Ashton E. Thomas

In the latest attempt to convince
the Administration to ﬁnance the
Student Security Patrol (SSP). a
budget request for funding of the
patrol will soon be submitted to top
SUNYA administrators. ’

The request will be ﬁled by Fred
Brewington and Doug Freedman,
Chairpersons of the SUNYA
committee for “re-activating" the
patrol.

The budget request is in rcsponsc
to Vice President for Finance and
Business John Hartigan's call for a
"wcll dcﬁncd program proposal." a
“justified statement of need" and. a
“budget breakdown of all costs."

According to Brcwington the
budget request for SSP will contain
a description of the financial and
operational aspects of the proposal
designed to increase campus
security. v

Iircwington said. “If the budget
request for SSP is accepted by

Hartigan. the proposal would
become part of the 1980-8] ﬁscal
budget."

The feud between the
administration and members of the
Reactivation Committee is over the
responsibility for ﬁnancing the SSP
program.

Brewington said that the
Administration has atf obligation to
provide for the safety and well being
of all SUNYA students. He saidthat

‘bccausc tltc SSP proposal makes

provisions for increased campus
security it should be financed by the
administration.

According to Hrewington. SSP is
a proposal that would permit
students to bccome part of the
SUNYA security system. The
student participating in this program
would serve the following functions:
providing avlatcunight escort service
to the campus population. providing
first aid and crisis intervention
services. and acting as a ﬁrst alarm

. would

‘ system on campus.

Brewington said. “the student
receive some kind of
monetary wage — probabiy in the
form ofa stipend.“

' According to a memo written by
Hartigan, the Administration sees
merit in Brewington‘s proposal, but
doubts that it could be financed."

Hartigan said that. “Many
students do not have an adequate
understanding of budgeting
matters." He said, though. that
he was prepared to offer histime and
assistance to those students
formulating a budget request.

Hartigan said, that alternative
mcans of ﬁnancing SSP should be
considered. He said that he has given
consideration to proposals such as a
voluntary program in which only the
supervisor would be paid or one that
would grant academic. credit to
students participating in the
program.

conﬁrmed on page ﬁve

Corning Addresses Rights Of Gays

by Charles Bell
and Nancy Gleason

Albany Mayor Erastus Corning
was on campus Tuesday night to
discuss, for thc ﬁrst time in his 38
year mayoral career, the issue of gay
civil rights.

Corning was invited to speak at
SUNYA by the Gay and Lesbian
Alliance.

At the informal question and
answer session. Corning. who said
that he has had little contact with
guys and lesbians politically. told the
group. “I was happy to come here to
get ideas from you. I'm most anxious
to learn about how the people feel in
this world."

SUNYA Gay and Lesbian
Alliance President Ronald Mayo
said that Corning was asked to speak
to the group in the hopes of alerting
him to the fact that there are many
gays in Albany and they are asking
for their human rights.

Corning fielded questions from
the group ofabout 30 on the political
future of gay civil rights in Albany.

Corning‘s appearance came on the
heels of the Troy City Council's
approval of an afﬁrmative action
program prohibiting discrimination
based upon scxual prcfcrcncc.

The Mayor said that he hasn't

Construction has begun

  

In the Campus C

discussed the gay rights issue with
the Common Council. the legislative
body for the City of Albany.

“There's been very little public
discussion of the question." Corning
said. “The questions that have been
raised have been on the personal
level."

Corning added that he wouldn‘t
have any objections to introducing
legislation to protect gay rights. and
that he “watched with interest what
happcncd in Troy."

One member of the Albany gay
community said the Troy action was
“rnrc for this area." The only other
cities in New York State to have
taken this type ofstep are Alfred and
Ithaca, both college towns.

“The presence of a university like
this (SUNYA) increases tolerance.
but there should be a lot more." he
said.

Corning said that while he is
tolerant of individual beliefs and
pcrfcrcnccs. he ﬁnds it difﬁcult to
react to the gay movement in a
rational way.

“You have to realizc that I'll be
scvcnty years old next fall.“ Corning
said. “The changes in attitudes I've
seen in the past fifty years have been
unbelievable. Thcrc are many things
now I don‘t completely understand.“

 

 

enter to provlde

oddltlonol space for co-ops. (Photo: Mark Halek)

FEBRUARY 9.1676

 

Onc SUNYA Gay and Lesbian
Alliance mcmbcr spoke of the risks
of policc harassment and physical
violence to gay people and expressed
a dcsirc that the Albany Police trcal
gays in it fair and non-discriminatory
manner.

Corning said that.“Hziving one
bad apple ina group of400(police) is
likely." and that Albany police have
somctimcs in the past acted
"unfairly." Hcsuggestcdthc need for
better dialogue between police and
gays during training sessions.

Throughout the hour-long
session. Corning stressed the need
for greater understanding ofthe guy
lifestyle. He said. “There's a lot of
general misconceptions about guys
that have to be gotten rid of. I want
more information, more
knowledge.“

thn askcd if he would be willing
to form acommittccto look into the
question of gay civil rights. Corning
answered. “I would be more than
anxious to do 50."

One person attending the mccting
attributed the lack of measures
securing gay civil rights here in
Albany to the political disunity
among the gay community.

“Politically. the gay community is

.. g '

John Hortlgan

  

‘wlll help the Student Security Patrol obtsln

Nan-Atua'ihwH.‘¢:§-..‘Aﬁﬂ““I<OACDUIi . A ‘ ~ ‘
. . . . . . . 7' we" r 5.9»4-Aw-~——............. ... . ,... . . . ..“ensue”......”.w....,.--n..'u
, . .. , . _.

   

budgeted funds for Its program. (Photo: Karl Chan)

 

r

by Wendy Greenﬁeld

not a student.

headphones and a calculator.

the suspect.

 

L

vcry fragmented." he said. “We‘re
cvcrbody  Dcmocracts.
Republicans. Blacks. Whites." He
addcd that. “Because we're
everybody. it's very hard to get
people together."

, i
Possible Robbery Suspect _
Downtown Students Name

A name has surfaced in connection with the Waterbury Hall robbery
suspect through thc cooperation of downtown SUNYA students,
according to University Police Investigator Jack Ruth.

‘Ruth said there are strong leads pointingto one individual. yet more
cvrdcncc is nccdcd to make an arrest. According to Ruth. the suspect is

The suspect is bcing sought in connection with an armed robbery
that took place in Waterbury Hall on February 1. Following the
publication of the suspect‘s description in the ASI’. other students
reported having been approached by a similar individual.

Ruth said that two more SUNYA students have recently claimed
that an individual ﬁtting the suapect‘s description offered to sell them

The problem. according to Ruth. is that “the victim hasn't given a
positive identification of the suspect in the photo line-up.“ Ruth said
that witnesses have to make a positive identiﬁcation before arresting

University Police recognize the name of the suspect in connection
with prior incidents. according to Ruth. Ruth said that the suspecthas
been arrested by Albany Police in the past.

According to Rttth. Albany Police are assisting in the investigation.
btrt thcy won't be directly involved unless tltc suspect is arrested.

 
   
    
   
    
  

 

Despite the Albany community‘s
silence on the question of gay rights.
Corningsaid that it could not be read
as an indication that things would so
smoothly if the Common Council
came out in suppon of gay civil rights.

Co-Op Construction Begins In CC

by Debby Smith

Rcconvcrsion work in the
Campus Center began Tuesday to
provide additional spacc for the
Record and Food Co-ops. according
to Acting [)ircctor of the Student
Affairs .Ittmcs l)ocllcfcld.

The construction on the ﬁrst floor
Northwcst Alcovc of the Campus
Center is being done by the .I.J.
chnan Construction Corporation
and is expected to cost
approximately $8,000. Construction
should bc completed around
Fcbruary l6.

According to SA I’rcsidcnt Paul
Feldman. thc construction costs will
be totally SA funded.

Sonic of the major rccontruction
changes according to the I’rojcct
Specifications Agrcctncnt include:
construction of floor to cciling walls.
alteration ofcxisling electrical work,
installation of new wiring. relocation
of lighting ﬁxtures to above the
floor. installation of solid birch
doors and installation of vinyl
asbestos tile in what will be the Food
Covop.

In addition. it new circuit breaker

puncl box. powered front the
cxistion pancl box in the SA Office.
will be installcd to provide
additional electricity for thc Food
Co-op refrigerators. An ularm will
also be put on thccmcrgcncy door of
the Record Co—op.

littldmancullcd the additional cost
of the $1.200 circuit breaker panel
box and tltc $243 crncrgcncy alarm a
“big cxpcnsc". He said that this
additional construction was
responsible for thc incrcttsc from the
proposed $6.438 figure for the
project.

Docllcfcld said. “Originally there
was a plan to install tcmpcrcd wircd
glass in thc windows of the Record
(o-op to prevent theft." Tire
lu'ilitics Iirunch ol the Physical
Plant “cpill'llllt'lll. liowcvci. llliltlt’
tlic dccision to point tho intcriorsidt‘
ol (In: Windows with \vliitc frost
puint. I‘lttlicr lhztn rcplacc all file
\\'indow:t. l)t)CllClthl said.

(‘o-Mnmtgcr of the Record (‘o-op
Marc Wind said the windows arc not
being tempered because it would
Itttvc lttckcd continuity with the
design of the building. He said.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

"'l'hcy‘rc painting the inside of the
windows as a sccurity measure."

Wind said. “We plan to open up a
week frotn 'l‘ucsduy. We just
purchased some additional LP bins.
Wc'll bc expanding the inventory by
about three times what we have
now.“

llc tttldcd. "As far as I know the
prices will bc the same as last
scmcstcr. We haven't really talked
pricc with our distributors."

According to fellow Co-Munagcr
Kcn Friedman. list prices have gone
up.

Wind said. “We have an
agrccnlcnt with the udminsitration
saying that wc'rc established until
June I. in tho intcrirn before a policy
tlcciation on commercial activities is
Illiltlt‘ "

According Io SUNYA President
Vincent ()‘lcary. university policy
dealing with .gcncrul question of
t‘ttllllIlCllIlili activities on campus is
still being devclopcd.

“At the present moment [Vice
President for University Affairs)
Lewis is working with University

continued on pageﬂve

PA (3i: Till!“

cum-M...  ,..s.,m...... . _ ..

 

 

 

 

