Phaedra

11.. Smdeu! Notebook

 

 

 

An Exploration. The oohnm is called
'RadicalColeslaw'bramnrba’ofreasons.
Oneofthanisthatooledawmdpruiesarea
geatoremmmdwdmyoumlookigbr
arealyeﬁectivelaxativeAndympmbably
Mbboki'eforagiodmentallaxaﬁw.
iwuareﬂxemostofdiepeopleuhogoto
thisschooLWealr-eedwrbnmssa-ubbed

whorealynmdiirgandwhohavebeen
phy‘ngonourworstfears aboutthefutureto
getustotoetl'teline.Soﬂiiscohimnis
designedtogiwwu—lnpefullv—iustﬂie

‘ outhouse. Only you've got to
supply your own metaphorical mental

pruncs.

If you don't like something you read here.

send a letter to the ASP, c '0 this column. and
I'll try to reply in print.
Wrong.ka Carey. Governor Carey‘s the
type of guy who searches for hours for his
glasses. and then finds them on his nose,
more likely than not. That’s the way it seems
anyway, when you look at how he's treating
big business. Tax breaks and loose reins keep
big businesses here. but under those
conditions. who wants them. Besides there
are plenty of other places that can give those
things and southern sunshine. too.

If you want to attract big business without
having them take over the show, you've got to
offer them something they need. Here at
Albany. for example. there are plenty of ways
to bring in the healthy kinds of commerce.
\A’hy doesn’t this school get more money

QataAmecicain

 

l
l
I
1' It angers me when I read, both in the

l apathetic and selfish crop of students Four
ll years in this bosom oi high education have left

 

l me perplexed as to the value of college For unleaded c.‘

lrnany like myself. the dreams we came to
l school with have been overshadowed  our

ﬁ’eMDé-OUl-IOY'htn‘éle economy. and .. . .
After Sc’kdli years of Lin-again. oftagain

Yet we are frowned upon and called the

W

_s_t_e_ve Cza kowskl r

hree For
The Seesaw

from the state to suppOrt alternative energy
source research? It could be a seed for a new
energy industry in Albany, just like the
electronics industry that grew up in
Cambridge around MIT in the '60‘5.

There are other areas where the same ideal
applies. If gasoline gets really tight. this town
is going to have to depend on trains and
buses a lot more than it does today. So will the
rest of the country. The electronic media and
publishing are also being revolutionized by
new technology and the need for new
technology. And all of this will also change the
directions of the arts and journalism. But
there's lots of potential for a whole new tax
base

But Hugh Carey is too busy to see all this
because he is trying to find a way to keep
some bloated insurance companies from
leaving New York.

"Oliver's army rs on their way". Flash! Jerry
Brown. crown prince of the land of the golden
jacuzzi, recently returned from a fact finding
safari in darkest Africa. on which he was
accompanied by his angel-inglitter and high
visibility political asset. Linda Ronstadt. The

increasingly technical and iixompreliettsihlv
lpopular and student press, that ours is an \mrld Despite all the ptDn‘llSCS and good
intentions of our elected otfic .
unemployment. crime. inns and int price of

 

. inflation.

I to steadily

run by the tumor-.3; {martian or

 

Is out i‘

  
 
 
 

who throu .. common

   

access to o'er :sion makiti“
3

 

..g.

‘Me' generation. We have been termed the energy crisis. the princrpal actors still blame
most self—centered group of young people in each other from behind innocent faces

our nation's history. Critics seem surprised at

Meanwhile. despite reams of conflicting

our lack of concern With political causes and evidence, the "experts" warn of the poor
our lack of identification with mass struggles, freezuig to death come December.

However. what are we to believe in today but
ourselves?

Then, are we to believe in Big Busmess?

Ask the coughing textile worker, on his way

I suggest that the apparent apathy on to radiation therapy in his Ford Pinto with
today's campuses reflects not selfishness but Firestone 500 tires, what he thinks about
sophistication. We. the first class of the business' committment to the average man.

Cynics. That is how one reacts to being
perpeptually lied to by those in power.

The failure of our education lies in its
inability to create a suitable environment for
learning. Instead, we have lived with program

l cuts. retrenchment and teachers who can't
read. The university administration worsens
the situation by emphasizing, via salary
increases, publishing rather than adequate
teaching. Small wonder then. that a healthy
transcript interests us more than a healthy
mind.

But the failure of education is merely a
symptom of the general collapse of American
institutions: we Simply to do no: belieie the
old myths anymore. This is not. and never has
been Camelot.

We have seen that democracy, truth,
justice and the American Way are concepts
that lose their meaning to expediency once
removed from the textbook. Crying “human
rights" our executrves have pointed an
accusing finger at Soviet nationalism. while in
the meantirrie the continent of South America
has been turned mm a playground for the ClA
ard the Fortune 500.

Are we to believe in our political system?
We are so full of rhetoric that it is impossible
to consular what Tweedledurn has to say
about Tweedledee this morning. Do you

 

to 9:: through the motions

,Jiaue lost our sense of i'isrmrnentality in an

 

{eighties have our roots in Watergate. Viet The free market has been absorbed by
'Nam and recasion politics; we are true headless. leviathan corportaioris whose only

allegiance is to profit.

This feeling of alienation from American
institutions is accompanied by an alienation
from popular culture as well. Are we to
believe in Laverne and Shirley. quaaludes and
Studio 54? The message is clear: don't think,
just do.

Nowhere else is the failure of the media,
and specifically TV. more apparent. While the
average American child spends five hours
each day in front of the magic box, network
moguls insist on filling the space between
commericals with substanceless, lowest
common denominator programming. The
gluttonous and mindless buying trends of the
American public attest to the awesome pouE’t’
of the TV. yet the networks refuse to use that
power responsibly and the FCC consistently
proves its worthlessness by letting the
Situation worsen.

Meanwhile, the astronomical rise in the
cost of newsprint has virtually wiped out the
local newspaper. The development of chains
and cross media ownership has seriously
diminished available space for conflicting
viewpomts to be discussed. As the chains and
information syndicates gow larger. don‘t
their mteresrs grow away from those of the
reader and towards Big Business?

So before we are called selfish and
honesrl; think that Teddy Kennedy is going to apathetic. it is suggested that our critics stop
save us? The reality is that it makes no to think about what lizile there is to earnestly
differenze who plays in the Oval ofﬁce or me believe in The Great American Dream has
:alis of Congress, only that someone is there taken on nightmarish qualities and our sense

0! providence erodes faster than the dollar

The 65“: at American voters who stayed Yet we are prepared to accept responsibility.
hat-.2 last November rifled. the score. We We believe in ourselves and in American
ideals Witness the quarter of a million of us

news of the return of this great white
environmentalist and Zen Boy Scout had
simply titilated his followers. who sat hanging
precarioust on the edge of hot tubs from
coast to coast, waiting to hear if Jerry had
popped the big question to the sweetheart of
those who hang loose.

Jerry Brown. with his background as
mystic and his talent as media figure, should
not be mistaken for someone who would
speak as president for the whole public. He
owes his soul to the special interests that hold
control of the media — he isin fact very much
one of them — and to the last great western
bastion of the tinsel-time leisure class. the
California Chic. Like any other mystic-
tumed-leader in history. Oliver Cromwell.
Jerry Brown could probably lead an army of
yogurt-eating saints and political
malcontents, and get for himself the position
of chief-ol-state. But what he'd do afterwards
is anyone's guess. He might well sell out the
people who supported him best. like old
OllL'Gf did

Jerry Brown. on the other hand. might not
have any true colors to show if he became

‘ Realities Of This And Other Generations

who protested nuclear energy in New York
last Sunday. But we will not propogate the old
myths.

It could not have come at a better time The
eighties will demand of its leaders the ability to

Hot Licks and Moric

Les

Aspects

 

President. He might be so much of a media
creature, that his colors may completely
depend on who's offcamera, running the
video control panel. Believing in him is just too

isk .
Curler Sells Out Again. The fat cats have had
their way again. and this time gasoline prices
are going to be deregulated. Not only are the
oil companies going to be cashing in‘ but
deregulation will also give the rest of the
business sector a great excuse for raising the
prices of just about everything else, and
raising them high enough to include nice,ju.cy
profit margins. They'll all put out that it's the
high oil costs, but you can be damn sure the
increases will reﬂect just as much the added
cost of keeping the real fat cats warrnd, well
fed and happy in this age of spiraling lnllallOtt.
Which brings up once again the quesltrtns
what the hell is Jimmy Carter doing. and what
happened to all those campaign promises?
The answer to both questions is: next in
nothing. It's going to gel harder and harder for
the public to believe the cockamarniv
economics that deregulates the price (if .,
crucial product in short supply to put it y
damper on demand. That's just droppmg yr...
load on those who make less money and Wm,
may need gasoline more. Carter once talkrti ‘
as if he understood that economic prag. i
must be based on formulae that are {air
that do not fail to include consideratvi:
those who need most and count least in pun;
capitalist thinking. Carter once promised '
he was 90mg to stand up for the pe’ 5c"
need to be protected from the ro..g
big busmess. They voted for Carter. .-. ,-i s
is what they got .

Steve Qsteu

 

  

   

 

  
 

ask hard questzons  '
decrsrons Most ‘
responsibilities to and r ‘r
for both her people an
evaluated in the face
constraints Then we'll

 

 
 

 

 

Al’t

D’Eerit ll

last week. we were discussing the
pompous and arrogant nature of the written
word. This pomp and this arrogance manifest
themselves iii a variety of ways in the novel
and in the common everyday news article.

Concerning the news article. I guess
“pomp” and "arrogant" might prove to be
inappropriate in describing the true nature of
daily journalism. Better and less ambiguous
euphemisms might be, “manipulative” and ‘—
disregarding of the truth." The following
article is a display of manipulative journalism
although everything mentioned in the article
is accurate. However, the mere devotion of
space to the subject matter creates an
uncalled for controversy and once more. an
event has been created; a kind of sun of
omissmn in reverse.

NEW POT PROBE
Washington, Sept. 28 i A new House
committee. investigating the immediate and
residual effects of marijuana use. today
disclosed overwhelming facts about the drug
that IS widely gaining acceptance among
Americans. young and old alike.

1 Two hundred people of all ages “we tested
in a nationwide cannibis study sponsored by
the esteemed Cretiiio Institute iii conjunction
with the US. government. Out of the 190
"regular" users (those who had been usmq
the drug for ﬁve years or moral i

1. 189 slept an average of eight hours .i
night, some up to ten hours.

2. All admitted to eating two to Illll‘t‘ meals
a day with an occasional iiiidtiiglit snack.

3. A signifigant ll'.\j0l'lly tit those tested saw
a physician at least onto .i yt‘ai . . and the list
goes on. Ute Clt‘llIlO Institute also made
public the unfortunate case of .i Illlllt‘i‘ll ymt
old boy who. after three yruiis tit tvqul
marijuana use. Ih‘gitn lu grnw facial hair

Public reaction to the study is expert
be great and the House

.t 5 ___

\‘ I'

ed It\
committee

emphasized that approprzz :
action can no longer be dci:
As we have secn. the no
considerable power. As 3.
innocent people hate 2
harassment by the press a
"come clean." so to st ‘ak. a
article indicates
GAY GRIDDER COMES OL'T Ol" Till
LOCKER ROOM
New York, December is Dan: K 
avowed homosexual. count"
today and publicly admired:
player. "Its's true." said Kopa: .. .
conference at the Commcviorc Hide
been a gridiron jock for as tons 3-5 l
renwtiiher." As expected.
gay friends have rejected
there was something
commenth Gay Alliance leader
Electra. Iiopay's parents have 3350 1‘1-
rcnounced their son who was o
of deep pride for them “l to)“ h:.. (-n‘
come back." remarked Mr Koran 1"“ i
thought of my boy p’avin' unt‘n :i p'ga‘n "~ 11"
tiitiki‘s me wanna puke."

    
  
  
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

Altar half an hour. the press i‘iitili'lt‘ll‘“ .
(llSl‘dlli‘It‘d and a pt‘OCL‘SSlOl‘i n! hill‘ﬁlh‘
remaining friends tiled .ittci him Cl‘..lll"l>fi t
“Out of the lockers and v ' “
Krijiay is at present (out; ‘
ltls ntdt'al tentatively llIlI i
Jock. impeded to be pul‘ii
Romy also SJK‘I that he gm. :3
San Francisco. an .u'ca
jxit'tictilarlt synijxitht‘tii to pin;
players

It Is itithi‘t itiluiiating to tinii'xi‘ “it'll
dutvnst‘loss we dlt‘ iii cmit'tiattiiig tlii‘ ‘t‘u‘lli-l

    
 
  
 
 

know: it\ l‘- .

   

'..c ll‘.

onslaught liii those of “it; nriu mum wt lllt’ '
l‘lllllt‘d word. | (All with .idvisc- \‘i‘l: til ldlv‘ ,
rtintftiit Iii Civil and I’\’, hecausv it kind I
doesn't exist. Fwd Silt't‘rnmn in]! (in Him '.

 

 

 

_._.... ...——# 77-»

 

  

Aspects

Feature

Page5a

 

 

*1: If” '

which has allowed us to look back at the
political methods of the previous generation.
The social changes brought about by the
efforts of 60's students and protesters have
become a common place reality. Racial quota
istems. despite Bakke. are giving blacks a
more integral role in society. Women. also are
achieving a racial balance. A or a black boss is
not an unexpected rarity. though it's hardly
common. Whether the violent protests
against the war and the Administration's
coldness to it really dirl tiny good in ending it is
debatable. but surely without Chicago. and
Kent State, and Columbia, and Berkeley
Vietnam would not be, as it is today.
synonomous with moral delinquency.

Eric Salzinger and
Stuart Matranga

' Where are those energies now? Where is
the spirit itlltl drive and force which captured
America's young people and captivated them
with the strongest muss determination and
mass purpose. since the Revolution of l776?
In the mid-seventies. it seemed that that will
had been castrated. It may have been that the
environment in which we operate had
changed therefore altering our motivations.
Mary Walsh, an active student at the
University of Texas. eventually left school in
1970 in protest over the bombings of
Cambodia. the event which triggered the
Kent State massacre. A few years later she
returned to school with a more "realistic"
attitude. The war was over. The protests had
ended. Nixon was out. "I‘ve really calmed
down," she said. “I've seen the logic of the
middle ground." '

It was on that “middle ground" that our
generation waited out the seventies. We sat
and thought. self-contemplating. We became
obsessed with ourselves, our bodies, our
heads. A preponderance of self‘improvemenl
and auto-psychiatry books climbed the best
seller list. indicating where otir interests lied.
We had given up the comradtirie of the 60's,
strongly emphasized in films like Woodstock.
We had replaced “We SIlilIl Overcome” with
“Looking Out For Number One."

But just as tho assassinations of America's
last great heroes threw our million into social
upheaval and just as lIlL’ major causes of the
60’s. Vietnam. civil rights, etc. joined diverse
people together. so too. will some major event
cafalize the students and the concerned as
the sun rises on the l9805.

At the universities, the goals among
students have changed, and. more
importantly, 50 have their methods.

The most vigorous and obvious battle
rages ()II the nuclear front. Unlike SDS and
other 60's congratulates. this movement is
well organized, intelligently directing action,
planning dteiiinnstrtition and group action.
and effectiver coordinating its legislation
lobbying force. The New York Public
Research Interest Group (NYPIRG), and
other Anti-Nuclear groups are attracting vast
and growing numbers of young people. In the
wake of TlircuMile Island. however. the
majority of pulilic opinion. in a broad cross-
suction. is only marginally oppossecl tr‘
Nuclear Energy. The Anti-Nuke forces face
the most formidable opposition, perhaps in
history. Since the 13th century, possibly
earlier. civilization has been in a whirling
death dance with technology. When the
Industrial Revolution got into full swing in the
18th and l9tli centuries man had made the
Faustian deal. He l‘tiICI signch away the soulof
his society for the technological wonders he
could achieve. There have been poor and
down tiodden always but poverty in the
shadows of glistening glass and steel
skyscrapers become satanically ironic.

 

 

 

Our generation has achieved a stability ‘

    

“I've seen the logic of the middle ground."

The raIIy last week, the

 

was an antipolitical drive. best seen in the fact
that despite the 18 year old vote, Nixon was

re-elected in 1972 by an incredible majority. A ‘

serious error has been committed by
asociating the phenomenon of activism with
the political persuasion of liberalism.
Humanitarianism is about the best
description available to apply to what
students have been doing since the 60's. Not
out of political reasons. but out of concern for
others, feeling were translated into direct
student action.

The concern is not philosophical. but
practical. The targets are different. Instead of
bombing the Viel Cong. we are being ravaged
by the economic pressures of OPEC. Instead
of discriminating against minorities and
women. we are threatened liy inflation and
uneiiipluyemt’nl. But these are not lIl(‘
enemies. The enemy is more specific and
direct. The (tilt’ CilllSl’ that has lifted the
American college student of the 1970's out of
the stile and sullulistit'liutl niirltlli- ground is
the Anti Nlll((' llltht‘lllL'lll.

TItL’ rally last wvt'k,tlii-tinviiiWiisliiiiiniii
last May. i\|l(l lIlt' St’VUIiII IlUlKll't’tl stt ins.
dt'liiiiiisti‘utiotts. and group .ii'titiiis linu'
been preciplttitors lo Wltitl could develop to
be a IllUllSIDt'OuS slot In (in “W litii izuii t)ll IIM
80's.

The t’not'nitius .untiuut ()l Sllltll'lll
involvernt'til in llllh must- gtivs tigtiiust lltt‘
51min til ri'rt-ut tti'utls. 'I'lir- giip Ilt’lth'l‘ll
slurlt'ttls riiiil Iiiiiinstrinitii sociely. which
reached its liiti.irli-sl Wl(l|Il iti lllt‘ till's litis
l‘lt’t'll llrlllfHUlllQ stucv. and today. students to
it large lll'glt't' rvllt-t‘l lltt‘ ntiiinsiltuiint. This is
because lltc (lt'llliIlKlb iitv git-titer on today's
students. The 8.8. and ILA. have already
become it prerequisite for lllrllly posilitins
never before dCllldlKllllu so much in the way
of education. Everything from Ell-LLSIHL’IT to

one in Washington last

May, and the several hundred grassroots group
actions have been precipitators to what could be a
monsterous storm on the horizon of the 80’s.

 

The Nuclear Power Industry. is
enormously powerful because it not only has
the support of the country 5 rich arid
inﬂuential. but because it represents the
Western ideal of advancement, materially,
and symbolically. Technology has replaced
God as the prime mover of 20th Century life.

The conscience of the country has been
programmed to support progress. Unlike
Vietnam. our society doesn't feel guilty for
supporting progress. Every year. despite fuel
shortages, we produce more cars. Every
year. despite economic straits, we buy more.
It's instinctive for us to buy. consume. This is
brought to frightening satire iti Duwn of (he
Dead where zombies, bereft of soul,
naturally, instinctiver cluster around a giant
shopping mall. If anything it is the mall. not the
television set. or the rock concert, which is
the idol of modern worship.

Our generation, perhaps. is even more
radical than the previous one. if our goal is to
limit technology, In fact. four years ago. the
Carnegie Council of Policy Studies in Higher
Education did a survey of graduates and
undergraduates attending colleges all across
the country. They compared answers to
question concerning philosophical and
political issues with the same study clone in
1969. The results bear out a controversial yet
widely acknowledged pattern; students were
less radical in the 60’s and more radical in the
70's. However, in a study conducted by the
Amvrican Council of Education of 300,000

people in the class of '79, the results indicated
a general conservatism in the 49 percent
listed “being very well off financially" among
their major ambitions. But 5] percent didn’t.
Statistics are notorious for being wielded tn
accomodale any argument. There seems to
be a general swing toward conservatisni..btlt
looking at marijuana use, attitudes on
women, apprehensions about the draft and
other causes conservatism hardly seems to
be an accurate label.
The political orientation of today's student-
does not seem to be involved in student
activism as it was in the sixties when there

    

Wine Middle Ground

'supervisor requires four years of college
' experience and more. Many times. the degree
is used, not for the meausrement of a
worker’s skill. but as a limiting factor for
applicants. This has prompted many to hit the
books. so many, that the state governments
are persistently increasing their role in higher
education. Recently. slate involvement with
higher education has been so aggressive that
it has begun to just 'privately endowed
institutions. The State Universities have
opened up for minority and working‘class
students — who previously had no access to
college — and there has been a dramatic
demographic change in the make up of the
student body. Increasing accessibility to
college has allowed a wide diversity of people
from various socioeconomic groups and sub-
groups. The University. for better or worse.
todny reﬂects mainstream society more than
ever. School is no longer a refuge for the
intellectual elite. It refelcts tlte materialism
and lIlL' apathy of II": Atiierici‘iti Society. In
light of the popularity of the Anti-Nuke
iiitivemetit oti campus it might indicate that
the whole country is beginning to question the
lllUl’itllly of this issue. However. the Anti
Nultt- Slluwllilll is not yet so big or so
persuasive even among college students that
II «aulrl be seen to accurately foretell (if a
tlltISIIC philosophical change of ciew among
all Aiiit-ricans.

Because of the (IIthIblly ()l students it's
llrlltl to sou an all (‘IlL‘UlllpdSSIllg rallying
point. even fill? as attractive as Anti-Nukes.
Bt’t‘illlh’t' l)I lllt' competition in schools it's
hard for hllttlt’llls to devote the lime.

UIIllllilll‘ly. the question arises concerning
stiirletil interest and who will defend them in
flit! absence of public attention. The answer
has been developing before us for a
long time. Iii order to change any institution
like the law and tackle a beauracracy like the
government. the proper approach is
necessary. An approach in the same language
and on some common ground is called for.
Hence. we will see the growlh and prosperity
of institutionalized activism. ll could have

been that going against the grain of the social ,

ftilii'ic proved counter producrive so an
ilIlL'l’llillU strategy was chosen. A strategy
I)t?Sl described as boring from within has
developed.

NYPIRG, Nader's Raiders. Common
Citllbc‘ and many other public interest
Spt‘t‘lill sponsor groups liaveflourislied. They
pt‘lllltlll. rind lobby iii Congress and State
Legislatures. They write up bills and work
within uxtsting structures. as well as organize
(It‘ltlllllslrdllolls. Judging from their rapidly
lllt’tt.‘ithtltg budgets it is easy to forecast an
impending growth. Furthermore, as
(:tiiiipctutiun increases and less time for
pulilic service is available for donation, the
establishment of such grass roots political
organizations becomes increasingly
iiiiptirtant. and increasingly more effective.

There are many advantages to the fact that
an organized structure is at the center of
these groups. Smooth operation, . no
leadership vacuum and specialization of
function will all lead to better and quicker
performance in the future.

Isn't it peculiar though, that this nebulous
statutory creation called corporate structure
was once against everything our brothers and
sisters stood for. In only one short decade
we've taken it and done many valuable things
for all people. Let us hope that we continue to
be as successful Wlll‘t‘ll. For as with any
instututution. over time, growth becomes a
sin. Contact with its framers is lost and self
perception becomes the goal. What then will
be lae accomplished? '

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

A

 

\__

 

