 

' columns

  

 

 

:‘ ,3...” s“. H.-. 
Drai‘t: Do We Really Need It
0) 0.0 ILII {-
by Erie Malllet added advantage of instilling a sense of

Ten years B30, when lgraduatcd from high patriotism attd national purpose in an other-
school, the only thing that many young men wise apathetic youth. So in order to ftll a
could look forward to was the anxiety of small gap in volunteer quotas. we would have
Willing to get drafted. Others were able to to subject the country to sonteone‘s fantasy
hide in the basket weaving departments at of an army of "children" marching wrth
universities. or had parents,with enough brooms in one hand. and i presume carbon
political pull to get them into the National paper and forms in the other. chanting
Guard. lf worse came to worse, one could slogans of solidarity. and finally solvtng
suddenly discover his conscience and head America's problems. I canjust sccthem now,
north to contribute to the housing problems in their browu shirts and red neckerchiefs.
in Montreal. Whatever situation a person ﬂags and banners ﬂying high and proud. It
found himself in, he always hoped that that just takes my breath away thinking about it.
light at the end ofthe tunnel would becomea How about the government? Has it done
blinding glare. or that the draft would just its fair share institutionally so that the selec—
fade away before his number finally came up. live service would become unnecessary? We

With the seemingly endless protest of the are told tltal tltc military has become touglt
'60's and early '70's. Congress ﬁnally got the and lean. and that any change in the present
message and reformed the selective service structure would cut irtto the muscle of its
laws. But with the war still raging. tltc dc- fighting capability. Having been in botlt the
mend for cannon fodder was still higherthan army and navy. I know this to be sheer
what an all volunteer army could hope to nonsense. The service is burdened with such
supply. So rather than abolish the draft, a an incredible amount of paper work and
lottery system was instituted which it was bureaucracy that even crusty old chiefs artd
hoped would be fairer than the old system. i sergeants dream about retiring to the north
suppose that those who got high lottery woods or an island to get the military out of

    

 

numbers found the new method quite their systems. Also. pay is not keeping up

monable; they could put away their protest
signs and try to return to a normal way of
life.

Now that the Vietnam era is several years
behind us. there are many young people Who
do not understand what the fuss was all
about. As long as the all volunteer army re-
mained successful no one has had to worry
that the system might be rcinstituted.
However for a variety of reasons this may no
longer be the case.

One of the main reasons why people cantc
together to form societies was to provide for
the common defense. The burdcrt for that
responsibility is supposed to be shared by
everyone as equally as possible. Traditionally
the young have provided the manpower.

society In general the economic support, and
government the Institutional mechanism of
defense.

With only a small gap to be ﬁlled in the all
volunteer army quotas. one might think that
a draft would be the best solution for meeting
defense needs. After all. isn‘t it logical that if
there is a manpower shortage thctt rtot
enough people are coming forward to do
their share for the country? The probletn
could be so easily solved by simply compell—

ing people to “join” the service.

But the memory of the past is still fresh itt
enough peoples‘ minds so that there would be
a great protest. The system was, and could
be. so injust that the ntajority of tile draftecs
would be the poor and the minorities. So to
make it just. some people propose a universal
draft. Those who would have moral pro-
blems about being in the military would be
required to perform sonte alternative service.
Supposedly, a universal draft would have the

with inflation. beneﬁts are gradually being
chipped away, and the overall way of service
life'is declining. After people enlist, they
found out what kind of mistake they have
made. The hours are usually bad. the duty is
in some god-forsaken place, the rules and
regulations are often petty and silly. By the
time a person's ﬁrst tour is up. he laughs at
the notion of re-cnlisttttent. So it is ques-
tionable whether the military. the President
and Congress are really doing all they can to
encourage people to voluntarily enlist or re-
cnlist. ‘

National defense consists of other things
besides guns and soldiers. A creative foreign
policy cart be more effective titan armies and
aircraft carriers. Can we convincingly tell
ourselves that Jimmy Carter has projected to
the world an image ofa strong leader capable
of guiding it toward pcacc rntltcr than reac-
ting to one crisis after another? Do the
American people. with their lost confidence
and drifting sense of direction. corttribtttc to
the unstable world situation? How many ar-
mics of dral'tecs will be required to make up
for the shortcomings of the govcrnrttcttt and
people?

To what extent can we say that the
American people are carrying their fair share
of tltc burden? Has the third car and tltc
house on Cape Cod become too much to
shoulder without having to add rttorc for
defense bills? On tltc one hand. national

security has become a major concern of the
people. but on the otltcr. no one wants to pay
for tire additional cost. The solution: we'll
draft tltc kids at low wages; ttftcr all. it couple
of years lit the service will probably do them
some good. The implication is that il'a choice

Upping Activism

To the Editor: . '
in case anyone has been buried tn hts-lter
accounting book these past two weeks. i
want to inform you that there is a tremen—
dous rise in student activism on this campus.
The administration will also have to face to
the fact that the students here are rtot content
with the status quo and seek substantial
changes irt a variety of areas. This is the trmc
for the administration to act. before .thc
ntilitancy of this ntovcntcnt explodes bcgtnn-
ing next semester. Many of the students
presently involved are willirtg to go through
the administrative channels to accomplish
changes that another faction of the move-
mcrtt feel can only be changed through direct
action. The administration must negotiate
immediately and be willing to see substantial
changes now. because tltcy will occur later. if
they don't negotiate. come January. this
campus will be a powderkeg and it will ex-
plode! This campus will see more displays of
student actions than it has witnessed itt many
years. Extensive planning of actions is going
on right now. because some ofus feel that the
administration is not taking us seriously.

The goals of the studcttt activist movement
are quite simple and just. Students demand a
greater say in tire policy decisions that con-
cern their stay ltere at SUNYA. Current
policy decisions are made without student in-
put. Where student input exists (UAS for ex-
ample) those students involvcd are going to
be held ntorc responsible to student
demands. The eventual goal for the student
movement is to obtaitt collective bargaining
rights for students. with students holding an
equal role with the administration in all
policy making decisions. if this is the “land
of democracy“ why don't we have
democracy in out educational facilities?

At this time i would like to write a few
words about the studertt media and their
responsibility to support the student move-
ment. The ASP has been terrific in this
aspect. We are lucky to have suclt an in-touclt
student newspaper that accepts its respon-
sibility to the stttdcrtts with a vigor. The
editorials have continuously called for an end
to support apathy and a call to activisnt.
WCDB. the “student” radio station is
another story. WCDB will ttot encourage stu-
dcrtt activism for fear of getting their SA
funds cut back. WCDB management must

 

 

 

rc-evaluate its objectives. Who is that radio

station for. the few radio station “elite” 0.
for the whole student body? wct)“ should
worry less about butterirtg up the administru.
tion for that new tape deck and start accep-
ting its social responsibility to serve as a tin-
den! radio station.

Kevin Quinn

Election Regulations

To the Editor:

Last Wednesday. November 28. was it tilt)
of much student activism. The bookslorc sit.
in was an example of what cart be done gnu“
real student interest.

There was. however. another student ac-
tivity that night which received little ultctttton
but has important consequences for .m
students. I'm talking about Central ('ttuttctl
and its approval of the Election Reform Act
of 1979. As the author of the bill. i think that
the Council should be given due credit [or
facing up to an issue that in the past has ltcctt
highly politizcd with the end result being that
nothing was ever done. This year sorrtetlnrnz
has been done to change a system (elections)
that sorely needed reform.

The new amendments address several cont-
plaints that have been voiced in these pttgcs
and around campus. The regulations non
limit both the quantities of the posters that
can be hung and where they are allowed. On
the qttads candidates are limited .n one
poster per bulletin board anti other
designated areas. This will botlt help the
residents of the quads advertise the" events
without being shut out by eager office seekers
and help the candidate who will prirtt less.
Need I mention the aesthetics of a Clettttcr
quad?

The area on campus that receives the most
attention in the new regulation ltave also
been the scene of biggest wastes and poster
abuse. The podium is now off limits to can
didates in all areas except those designated
(the four cornerhentrances from the quads, in

front of the CC. and an area in front of tlrc
PAC and library). in these areas. candidates
will be further limited to one poster pct
specially chosen pillars. The effect of lhcsc
changes will be similar to the quads —- it
cleaner podium. less spending on posters illlll
roont for other posters concerning cuntttllv
events.

To furtltcr limit spettding. which by the
way cart run irtto hundreds at the presidential
level. a time limit of three weeks has been
established. Professional campaign
materials. save poster and campaign
literature which are often cltcapcr at lltc

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

.. —-¢ v- w m. e.» _ ,__ 4 , ,. __,,. .ww £19..

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

is going to be made betwccrt dollars and lives
lltctt the dollars will get a higher considera-
tiott.

SO'WlIO is going to be called on to fill the
gap trt ottr defense? Has the goverrtntent
done everything possible to make the military
clltthnt and attractive crtotrglt to volunteers?
Has ll pursued a vigorous and creative

foreign policy that reduces tension and but
motes world peace? Have the American putt
plc really provided all the economic illltl
spiritual rcsottrces needed for their on“
defense? lfcveryottc else has really done lllclt
part and there is still a gap in the ntilitttn'»
martpowcr requirements, then one might ltn'
able to argue that Atttcrica's youllt are not
carrying their share of tltc bttrdcrt.

 

 

55%! a’ MS
WEQUAC‘I. ..

 

 

 

FEIFFER.

 

AMATEURléH . . . mp

  

 

6&6 L
\

Lb ’RDUND

 

  

mun ’

 

 

 

 

 
  
 
     
 
   
 
   
  
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
 
 
   
  
   
    
   
  
   
   
  
 
   
  
  
   
  
    

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

  

W~w.4.%u.._.gﬂn N; . a ' "

5‘ ~>_,«t.‘.m3_nn

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

   

.2,“

t

    

~p in; g “3’,

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    

