~ - WmMHLaVM'

._. .«w.i.4~u.~. ‘

,The ﬂood To Stordo [begins In

‘ ‘5‘“.

4 —<—,_'_, g

b

 

 

 

 

 

 

E2“:

. ,1“!

Photos. from left to right: Bogarts. where local
bamls are featured: with each engagement. lltc hand
ltas to set up: tlte hand faces an audience with a
variety of feelings; and viea versa! l’hotos: Dave
Machson.

jum

~_r-.~.._
..a\

mi; C W '

Ii

Me. “n. ,
.e‘r.‘

recorded a demo yL‘I- Tth “€ch

Perhaps the most (It'ﬂi'cu/I lll.\‘/\’ ofu/l is

’ .IyI/l), to answer I!) a calling. Some
1 'u't'eetl. but many more/oil. Onlv the
purest of hearts slam] up in Ilia/rice o/
adversity and aspire Io (lie limils oftheir
Ill/('HI. There ixnogreed involved. just l/It'
will Io achieve... I know of no better
example of this Ihtm [he local bar Imml.

 

needed keyboards . . . it adds more depth
to our music." said Todd.

Their first gig was at the Junior (‘ollege
of Albany. where they received $401) lttt
playing outdoors in May. About hall of
that went for the sound system. 'lheit
philosophy was and is that. “its not the
money. or any extras."

“Valuable experience" was Todd‘s
description of his years ofclassical gttitar
playing. “lt transcends any style of
music." he says. Steve agrees; for learning
certain techniques from the guitarist has
improved his style also.

About half of the tnttsic they play is
original. At least it was difficult for them

recorded. but no finished product is yet ,, ,i

available. save for one live tape. .
'l‘actically. recording a demo would
probably work most to their advantage
since they have almost enough material
to cut an album.

35

—~. «V4 _.. -g...“ .“ g v.

to gain recognition with only original
material. There were just not enough
compositions. Also. until the public gets
familiar with the band. performing only

N._...

Yeah there's sex and drugs. bttt their
Importance is greatly diminished by the
ttrgency of communicating with the

Eric Salzinger

For the most part. they are common

At this point the band shows few signs
of weakness. They are tight as friends and

 

-.~.-
K -... ..

 

ople. yet as an entity theytake on a new
rsonality. It is not a composite. noris it
an average, but rather it is a being unto
itself. its members and its fans. Their

I battle for recognition is persistent.

seemingly eternal. Of course. the money

i expected. Still.thc drive l'orairplayand

acCeptanee holds greater allure for the
band‘s members than anything else.

Met. at first. with skepticism lrom a
debut crowd. it is a wonder that
apprehension does not pervade their
thoughts. When you reali/e the amount
of time spent on pttblicity and
management by the mctubers. in addition

' to rehearsal. it is evident that to be a
pessimist is to be a loser.

In my quest to characteri/e the lifestyle
and attitudes of the individuals

oeiated with the local bands. I was
fortunate to meet an Albany area
favorite. The Units. I chose The Units.

not merely ottt of convenience. but
because I think they are an accurate
‘ reflection of the times. They are a
versatile band emphasi/ing new wave.
always conscious of making their music
danceable. In this manner they hope to
gain theiraudience's undivided attention.

I met three of the band's members in
the Rat. last Monday afternoon. The
meeting had been set a long time ago but
we all came about a half hour late
anyway. As fate would have it. two of
them were alumni of Albany State. Todd
(the spokesman for the group) and Steve.
the bassist. were both music majors here
and proud of it. They still remembered
the "gut" music teachers too. During his
last year here. Steve. a former Indian
Quad resident. played with a band called
Neon Park. Performing at least once a
week on campus. his band was a regular
dttring the I973-74 school year.

Upon graduation. the guys all went
their separate ways. but still played in the
area. last May. it all came together for
the band. Val Hayes, the only female
member. and Todd teamed up with
Steve. Looking for a drummer. Steve
found Al Kash with whom he had
performed in the past.

Because they still felt limited in their
scope. the hand searched carefully for
some keyboards. Steve had played with
Doug. also a former-SUNYA student and
badgercd him until he joined. “The trio

crowd. The high of being on stage
performing, evades description

ult's something you can‘t put your
finger on." Al says. “All of a sudden
something starts to click.“ Steve adds.
“There's a whole interplay and
communication involved." fly the gleam
in his eye one could sense the excitement.

Even if things turn for the worse. they
are convinced that they Would keep
pulling together. While such loyal
persevercnee is to be admired. I
wondered if they drew the line
somewhere. According to l odd they like
to each pttll in about $ltl0 a week. This
keeps them covered pretty well. It keeps
their van going and their apartment
rented. Of late. they‘ve been doing well.
so surviving isn't the real problem.

The tnain difficulty. as the band see}. it.
is the inordinate amount of time spent on
their own advertising and promotion.
Going from place to place. selling
themselves is hard work. Most of their
days are spent either posting signs or
talking to club owners. Because they are
a quintet it allows them cnotigh energy to
do all this. Besides. in order to maintain
tight control over their image and
performance standards. they feel unable
to delegate this authority.

Waiting for the right thing to happen is
just part ofthe game. “lfwe don‘t get ottr
big break now. We‘ll get it later." Todd
explains. They consider themselves very
principled musicians and possess and
innate confidence itt future success.

Originally with a country hand. Silver
Chicken. Todd is more satisfied with
what lie is doing now. Neither he. nor the
other bandmembers I spoke to were at all
into pursuing country rock as one oftheir
favorite styles.

“Country bands are a dime a doyen and
are limiting to their musicians." he said.
With increasing popularity. the Unitsaac
now invading country rock territory such
as The Oaks and Thompson lake llotel.
They're very proud of that fact.

As any other artists. they haae their
important influences. ln concert. some
mainstays are The Talking Heads. Little
heat and Bonnie Raitt. A solid musicial
background seems to be important to
them.

original material may well alienate most
people.

At this stage in their development
though. ttcceptanee is no longer the
chore. Al boasts that they love the
band. “Every Friday and Saturday night
the crowd goes crazy." Fortunately. their
original compositions have gone over
well. Better. it scetns. than their
"borrowed" tunes.

The average set of this local band runs
somewhere between 45 minutes and an
hour long. There are eight songs. by
bandmembers. about six of which are
played regularly. Most of the writing is
done by the 3 vocalists - Todd. Steve
and Val. llut.eaeh membercontributes to
every composition. In this way they
create the cohesiveness so necessary to
them.

Rehearsal. ofconrse. plays a role in the
scheme of things. Its value. however. is
downplayed by all the members. Their
feeling is that individual rehearsal is best
when developing new skills. They believe
that a band can get more out of a
rehearsal that consists of a few hours of
serious playing rather than a whole
evening of “fooling around.“ This group
rehcarses only about three hours each
week. Since they perform about four
nights a week this suffices to keep them
tight.

lquestioncd this seemingly laxattitudc
about such limited rehearsal titnc. The
band sees no adverse effect. They worry
little about competition. They see
themselves entering the next plateau on
the “mountain of stardom." As a band
climbs the ladder towaad bigger and
better clubs. a greater amount of
advertising becotncs the responsibility of
the establishment.

For instance. The Hullaballoo
provided radio advertising for their
perfortnance on all'the major rock and
roll stations in the area. And. as and
added advantage local tlecjays show a
strong interest in a good new talent. ()ne
derives great status from the discovery of
a new star. Ultimately. this gives a hand
the leverage it may take once an alhttm is
released.

Surprisingly enough. they have not

tighter as musicians. They refuse to claim
to make personal statements within their -
music. Getting too political. may possibly
detract from the quality of their music.
Perhaps if and when they've reached a
higher level of notoriety. they would
consider it.

lt is evident that the personal
philosophies of each Unit guide them
toward their ultimate goals. “You won't
find any of my hands taking a solo and :
turning it into as long a tune." Al says .
indignantly. This reflects an
ttncompromising understanding
amongst them all. Furthermore. never
will they change the range of music that
they perform. To given in to what is super
popular just for the sake of a buck is a
defeat in and of itself. as far a these guys
go. They are still young and idealistic.

To get a description of what each
though of the band. and what it stands
for. was like pullig teeth. Such estoerica
as “We‘re getting into the first stage of;
maturity or “The band is reaching a
stage of tumeseence.“ was all that came
forth. This reflects a certain consistency.
though.

They hope that they will start climbing
soon. With possible success. many new
factors - social. political and ceonotnical
will influettcc them. None of the effects
are known as there are rcro expectations
because they are all entering this new
stage for the first time.

There is so much to be admired in a
rock star. This is why many of us spend so
lunch time and effort. and money. to
emulate them. Well. this is the starting
point. No matter who or where an artist
is. the indisputable truth remains. he has
to start somewhere. la the music
business. that point is your local bar or
club. From there, the road is long and
tortuous. and frustrating. Simple virtue
or patience is an invariable requirement.

Admittedly. the difference between the
origins Ii Street Bands and Units of this
world is _very little. From humble
beginnings to world renound. or to
breakup. It was my intent itt writing this
that you would appreciate the struggle ol
the novice performers and tnore
thoroughly enjoy their work. 1 do.

 

“‘5

 

 

 

