 

 

 

‘ a
Degree Candidates
1979-1980 '
Undergraduate-Graduate Students
Don't handicap yourself by waiting until spring term
Learn early how Career Planning and Placement can
help you seek employment
AC1" NOW
Attend an Orientation session, given twice weekly I,
First step to establish reference file or use any services
Introduction to Job Search Job Search Seminars
Resume Workshops Recruitment Interviews
Computer Job-Matching System Career Library
Reference Files
Come in and pick up your personal copy of 1:
the Fall term programs and seminars
Career Planning and Placement
457-8251 '
Administration 112

«3 -’

 

 

 

at  Great Dane Pep Band
Musicians Wanted

Organizational Meeting
\Nm‘e: PAC 828
When: Thursday 8:30PM
info: Call Joanne 7-5051

    
      
     
 
  

if you have any experience

 
 

in concert or marching band

come on down and check us out.
SA FUNDED

    

  
  

OLIVER!

Thursday, September 13

7:00 and 9:30

onetime were 15qusz

 

    

Free to SUNY STUDENTS

Needed: persons with

A new alternative magazine
will be appearing this fall

SA FUNDED

  

experience/ interest in layout,

production, etc...

Call or leave message:

Teri 482-0473

or Doug 457-5084

_—

   

 

 

 

DELTA SIGMA PI

The Professional
Business Fraternity

IS SEEKING MEN AND WOMEN INTERESTED
IN ENHANCING THEIR CAREERS IN BUSINESS

 

®
'51 ktlfe

wobttfté En EBBée”

 

 

  

 

catnpus Center

 

   

 
  

 

Generally. writers write from their own
experiences, or at least about worlds with
which they are familiar. Based on The
Seduction of Joe Tynan it is obvious that Alan
Alda learned all he knows about politics from
old Hollywood movies. In telling of the rise to
power of New York's Junior Senator, he
dredges up every political cliche he can think
of. There’s the senile conservative Senator
who’ll do anything to keep his seat, but is
eventually embarrassed on national television
(shades of Joe McCarthy); the “hard drinkin'.
hard lovin’ good ole’ boy" with a disillusioned,
cynical wife (shades of Ham Jordan and the
entire Carter administration). We get to see
secret deals made behind the obligatory
closed doors, the young; honest left over
triumphs over the corrupt, old rightfand»
though tempted, our hero remains true blue.

Mark ROssier

Politically, this movie is more than just a
little screwed up. Near the beginning Tynan,
supposedly an ultra-liberal New York Senator
(more than just shades of Ted Kennedy 7— as
you can see the politicians are very original),
agrees not to actively oppose the
appointment of a blatantly racist Supreme
Court Justice. However. his reasons are
never satisfactorily explained since no liberal
in his right mind would not oppose such a man
at reelection time. Then he changes his
stance either because he wants to do well by
his country. he wants to be famous, or he
wants to work closely with opposition leader
Meryl Streep ~ we're given a choice (in true
Democratic fashion) because the reasons for
this decision are never made clear either.
Things continue in the same murky manner
-~— completely ruining my hope that
Hollywood had outgrown this kind of good-
guy-bad‘guy view of Washington.

Fortunately, this cockeyed optimism only
provides the backdrop for Alda’s real interest:
the conflict between being successful at home
and successful in a career. Here Alda appears

 

'to know what he's talking about because

these scenes are written with a sharpness and
,ear for dialogue not found in the political
1 segments. Tynan has an ideal family, a wife
' with an MA. in Psychology and “the body of
. a chorus girl" and two kids — one boy, one
girl, but they live in New York and he worksin
Washington; and when the cat’s away . . .
In this case the plaything is Streep, but like
everything else in the movie their affair is
overdone, its beginning overly cute. its end
overly stoic. What ultimately makes the

 

 

familial episodes superior is not writing, but
the acting. '

. As an actor- Alda is not nearly strong
enough- to carry a movie based solely on his
performance. For one thing. he is more‘suited
to comedy and I don't say this because I
refuse to accept him as anything but
Hawkeye Pierce;_it's just that in a drama he
seems more aware of the fact that he’s acting
— he loses the natural quality that makes him
so appealing. Plus, both he and his voice are
too nice — he reminds me of an uated

   

and Harris. two actresses who for all intents
and purposes carry the movie.

Streep is out of the same mold of Ice
Goddess class as Faye Dunaway and ,Grace
Kelly. Her emotions here, unlike in
Holocaust, are so minute, so controlled that
the icon is never destroyed, but their power
emerges nonetheless. She is a woman who
proves that success and loss of femininity are
in no way related. Streep bares her soul, as
she did in The Deer Hunter. with her eyes and
face she revealstho V ‘ sin total .

 

I Frustrations GI Joe 'lynan

her up, but she refuses to give or take any t
bullshit; if she wants to talk about her life she's
going to (remind you of anyone, John
Mitchell?). She’s a strong character. but
Harris puts her just on the brink of a
breakdown and the contrast is dynamic.

Now comes the Big Contradiction; in spite '
of all my criticisms I like this movie, and not
just because of the acting. JerrySchatzberg's
wonderful direction keeps the pace fast and
interesting and helps cover the endless

' his fi : u -

   
  

 
 

  

   

The Seduction of Joe Tynan: A cliched Washington, an idealized family. and a too nice

liberal Senator from NY. Aida tries hard, but Streep and especially Harris get the plurality.

Robert Young who was never very good at '

drama either. Within a comic situation he can
handle poignant moments very well and here
he is especially good at expressing the
mixture of love and frustration Tynan feels
toward his emotionally upset daughter,
well-played by Blanche Baker. Aida also
works well if he is given proper support, I: ii in
the political episodes he only has the
shameless hamming of Rip Tom and, to a
lesser extént, Melvyn Douglas to react to.
Back on the home front though wait Streep

silence, she can fill a moment as well as
Fonda, Weld, Keaton, or any other actress
currently working in films. She also has a
remarkably sustained Southern accent.
Despite Streep's excellence. acting honors go
to Barbara Harris as Tynan's understanding,
but strong~willed wife. Harris is on screen less
than Streep and Aida, but she is so powerful
that her presence is always felt. She plays a
woman willing to sacrifice a great deal (or her
husband's career, but not her identity.
Throughout the film people are trying to shut

 

length dramatic screenplay, I'm willing to give
him another chance). In a summer of
mindless horror movies and mundane
comedies at least The Seduction 0/ Joe
Tynan attempts to say something meaningful
and it even succeeds fairly well. It's fortunate,

however, that the film has to settle for

succeeding fairly well, because if Aida had

picked a profession he knew more about for

his setting Tynan Could have been vastly
‘ superior to most drivel and maybe even great.

  

Q
{ hwy“: ‘1.” t
f'/\l.l-Nl)/\lt ()F lll’(‘()MlN(i |2VlzNTS ’2“ i‘V.h ’ .
- II— . I. I
   - . .. i  , Don t J ust S“ I here
('Innr' Innl out what wc'tc all about. \“§ \i‘I 1 u ‘ l ' ‘ H r"Mr/I"
Shite IITUWIIIJIIUII. cutlet- :nttl donuts. WK, “aw‘w;   folk] emf/0",” ' .4.
Campy: L‘enm Fat/nan Laungeﬂswpvn. “gm “\“Q _ 8 _ a I B b 0n- ‘ In, I
wutumatm“ ‘ m “Jilliillc 1355):?“ till” an”), ram mm, » Face it. There are two ways to ride through your college
. ' . \\ ‘ I -p . .
""“d'” 5‘9" '3 “‘“m' "" "'°"'““ W “‘3 l a View” Dollies. tuition. Inngott. srliulplattlrra. Int-":57 r career. You can go to classes by day, Study by night, In the end,
“WWW” r”w"’3"”’””"" ‘ ”""' vmwm“ hixtztnnb MID ntuair of nostalgia ’ mono I ‘ earn 8 deg [.66. L ' d
Or you can do so much more. You can jom the ASP, an

Singing - prnsit - scliunkrln - prosit - Dancing

Professional invent
Stir-ml of Business faculty members will discuss

Mondly.S¢pt.t7
help make it alive. We have positions available In every

de artment, enabling you to use your talents, express your
thgughts, become creative, and meet a group of dedicted (and

totall insane) individuals. .
Syo don’t just sit there. Wouldn’t It be a shame if all you

earned was a degree?????

Interest Meeting
Tues. Sept.11 at 8 pm in LC 1

(Dktuherfeat time an tap - Jﬂznttue (up .45 ﬂittrljzr $2.111]
plus a full ttn: at lmpurtrtt Imiter lmru

ibuffhrau (Eats

Itinbarian bptrialtics
bautrlnatrn

muons \.'.lfL't'f\ iii business and how to start prepar-
ing for thew dirt-era today. Join the faculty guests
Ior Wine and cheese following the presentation.
llumamlm 354 (Jul (/00! tau/tall. ll: 00 p. m.

Rttnrlnuurlt — Bratwurst inn

1111mm 1mm

r ...._

Wednesday, Sept. l9 Chapter in Action
l.ct ux‘ show you how we work.

Cain/mt L‘ente/ fireside [UL/ligd, 0.370 [1,171.

    

   

 

   

 

 

 

 

 FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: I
' Slain us for this grmt cclrurntmn

Gliturshau. September 13 helium (llampun 012nm
11am. — 5 p.m.
Staturhuu. September 15 in the iRatlwkrller
6 p.m. — 1:30 tun.

lluiurruitu Auxiliutu E'L‘t'uiteu té‘punntu‘cit [A
HA?  ..,.. .tv .-

Karen Smayda 489-1361

DELTA SIGMA PI

The Professional Alternative

2; 01 mt umwtvnmuwrr

 

PAGE NINE

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

 

SEPTEMBER ll, l07‘)

 

 

 

