t i
t
l

 
 
 

 

. mud. um.  ..-............

 

. .ﬁ- ‘o-W

   

' W
0,. "WMMMW-

r . 0......

 

 

being berated by inmates. The inmates lectured the youths.
using vile street language, about prison life. Under the
Lifers'program. which has been duplicated in several states,
.. the youths were treated as prisoners and were told of prison
I ' violence and homosexuality in an effort to scare thejuVeniles
House Rejeds   into a “straight” life. Jim Landano. president of the Lifers.
said the parents signed consent forms which told them the
' I ' ' he harsh'realitics of prison
Ap The House re ecrcd an 3mm 1 children would be subjected tot .
.xtdiﬂgfi‘gzqimh81:8,-..“ men)“, register for use life. “The kids can't get throught the front door Without that
military draft. something they haven‘t had to do since I975. 5'‘P from me” Parcms~ he sald'
By a vote of 252463. House members turned down a plea
by Rep. G.V. “Sonny” Montgomery. D-Miss.. to require all
l8-year-old men in the country to register beginning onJan.
2. l98l. The House voted 259-l55 to take the‘ draft-
registration measure out ofa $42.I billion weapons hi” and MOBILE Alix/W) Hurricane Frcderic parallelin th
instead directed President Carter to conduct a stud; a tin , {H' . D. .d C .H d ' 3 c
"H No young man has been "quired to regisu lpatjh oW durrizane avr amt ea ecade ago pushed onto
ma . . an e nes ay night darkening two-thirds of this
r2023:SlgggM;;:h::8L:::tl1-I:h2:r ‘iﬁnﬁotgngzzle; Alabama port City and threatening It With towering tides.
I . i _ . - . _ .
Wednesday to renew draft registration. but not the draft “’H {mm mm" 1"“de ’30 "‘Ph WIHdS rtwl' Its center.
. i, vcd in May M [In House Armed spawned tornadoes along the Gulf Coast as it knocked out
gself. hadC eeginpfrocamr has opposed renewing dmn~power and some telephone service in Mobile. Other power
_ “7"”: oTnmcs  McIntyre director of Cane“ omcc outages were reported along the coast. There were no early
rergihs‘tra ton. ‘ nd .BUd m hn-d told House leaders: u“ is reports of damage or storm-related injuries. About400.000
° “insane” ii 5: lghis‘hurden on our nation and “5 people from four coastal states were evacuated. National
not "ctcswry lo lmpo I Guardsmen were alerted in Florida. Alabama. Louisiana
yomh- and Mississippi. About 15.000 of the Mobile metropolitan

. r . area‘s 300.000 residents were crowded into 20 Red Cross
Documentary Faces Lawsuit

_' 'Woi'ld\_l_V‘ewo*Bn-iefs)-

 

Hurricane Knocks Out Power

 

shelters. Thousands more left low-lying areas, but some
decided to stay at their homes and ride out the storm's
_ v . " battering. Forecaster Miles Lawrence at the National
HACKENSACKvNJ-(Al’l “5°”er Straight‘ me Emmy Ilurrieane Center in Miami said the center of the storm
Award'wmnmg ducumcmury “Pom " “mun mtgmm to would most likely sweep ashore shortly after midnight
discourage yflllngﬂ’”? [mm “mm h“? rammed m “.510 Wednesday. Iltit he warned that because of the way a
,'“‘“'°_” lalwsu" “5’73"”? “u” “WWW Producers ""5.le hurricane whirls. its most deadly winds are just east of the
Juvcmlcs mm panic'pmfng' Mnmwc Hugcr' “ Jmc’.’ ( “y storm‘s center. At least one tornado leaped out ofthe storm
mmmcy rcprcscm"'3_"mc Ch”er who "wk pun "1 [he and toticlrcd rlowri in the Baldwin County community of
documentary and their parents. filed the sun Wednesday Loni, "cm, "W Mil":th “cum Mohilc "Hy [mm hch

against producer Arnold Shapiro: his company. (Iold West ' ' “ '

Broadcasters: narrator-actor Peter Falk: WNIZW-TV. the
New York station that broadcast the documentary: and
Ridgelicld Park Police Sgt. Charles Martini. The film
depicted a session of the Lifers (iroup of Rahway State
Prison irt which the youngsters. all of whom had minor
brushes with the law. were bcratcd by inmates serving lifc'
terms in prison. The suit alleged that some oftlic scenes were

Autonomy Discussed

TEL AVIV. lsraeltAI’) America‘s Mideast envoy Robert
Strauss said today he will tell President Carter that Egypt
and Israel are working in a “positive and constructive

 

 
  

staged for the show and that several youths became ill after H _ _
manner toward an agreement on Palestinian atttomony.

'both countries. Strauss told an airport news conference in

Strauss ended a four-day mission to the two countries and
flew from Tel Aviv to Cairo to pick up some members of his
delegation before ﬂying home to Washington. Maintaining
the upbeat tone that characterized his public statements in

Tel Aviv that he had graduated from a feeling of“hope and
optimism" to one of “certainty and inevitability that our
search for peace will be successful. “I leave with a spirit of
reneWed conﬁdence and determination," he said. I‘I will
report to President Caner that Egypt and Israel are
continuing their efforts in a positive and Constructive
manner." Strauss visited the two Mideast peace partners to
hear a report on the summit meeting in Haifa, Israel last
week between Egyptian'President Anwar Sadat and Israeli
Prime Minister Menachem Begin.

Hell’s Angels Cooled

ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) Two Hell‘s Angels were given
maximum sentences on first-degree robbery convictions iii
the Albany County Cou: thouse on Eagle Street Wednesday

A rumored onslaught of Hell's Angels Motorcycle Club
members at the courthouse never came about.

Judge John .I. (’Iyne handed out a sentence of lZI/g to 25
years in prison to Charles "Grumpy" Lanicr. Jr.. 28. while
his co-defendant, Thomas Alaxanian. 26. got a sentence of
8V: to 25 years. The'l‘roy men were botltconvictcd on Aug. 3
by an Albany Countyjury of robbing a Berne man lastyear,

Police informants had said the sentencing would be
disrupted by Hell's Angels hoping toshow support for their
fellow club members. lint only a handful of bikers were in
court for the sentencing. arid no motorcycles were visible
near the courthouse.

County sheriff ‘s deputies guarded ctery exit in the
courthouse and seicn ttniforriicd deputies were stationed in
the courthouse itsell. Everyone entering the courtroom was
searched for weapons.

Alaxanian faces other court charges. Including second-
dcgrce iittirdcr in the fatal shooting of another Hell's Angel
last December. .A Renssclacr County Court trial has been

scheduled for October.

 

 

 

 

“Eet Ees Balloon.” Students Can Go Home

In its Iiisl meeting ol the semester. the lJriitcrsity Scrtatc

  

tinttriirnousl) approicd a resolution requesting professors
not to [reliable students. who go home for the Jewish High
Holy I);i_\s. [or missing classes on Friday. September 2|.

Ilic resolution. iitlrodticcd by Student Association
Controller Craig Wciiistock. r'ccogni/ed that classes are not
suspended ttiitil 4 pm. on September 2|. thus making ll
dililicttlt lot a laigc number ol .lcwrsb students. who wish to
go home lot the holidays. to reach home by sundown.
Sundouii marks thc bcgiiinirig ol the Iliin Holy Days

llic Senate .ll\0 dtcidcd to postpone consideration ol
proposed .micntlniciits. made last spring. to the (itiidclincs
loi Promotion and Continuing Appointment.

Up iii the sky! It's a bird! It's a plane! It‘s. . .a Iiot air
balloon‘.’ Yep. and it was :i gimmick used by the United Way
of Northeastern New York to kickoll its annual fundraisng
campaign. Serving Saratoga. Albany. and Southern
chssclacr Counties. United Way will attcmpt to raise mcr
three million dollars “ll 57 human sci'\icc agencies. such as
the Red Cross and thc Sahation Army. A \oluritccr
balloonist lie“ the balloon lrii three hours in order to create
publicrt) for the campaign.

Freeze On Refrigerators

An c\oibitant increase in dcrnatid. coupled with a late
contract bctuccn SUNYA and a new leasing company. has
exhausted the supply of large I'cli‘igcrators available for rent
on campus.

According to Central Council Vice Chairman Brian Levy.
dcnuind for the largc refrigerators went tip ttscnt)‘ times over
last year. and neither the council nor the Residence ()l'licc

 

   

.I\ prepared for such an incicasc.
Using statistics front last _\car's in\cntory. both groups
ortlcrcd only 250 liirgc refrigerators. along t\itli |.\50 small
ones from ('rcathc Coincnicnccs. Inc. Contract problems
with the new cornpan) also caused the icebrncs to bc

\\

 

 

ordered months late.
The Council suggested that any student \tith a deposit
slip or problem to call them at 7»K0ll9.

The Art Of Buchwald

Syndicated columnist Art lluchwaltl will he one of tltc
many notables attending the third annual coiifcrt't :c of llic
Great American Achievements Program this weekend in
Albany.

The theme for thc I979 conference is “()l'. lly. and for
The People." which. the program leaders liopc. wrll lN' .i

 

 

 

 

 

gnu

PAGE Two

inutto to keep before the American public the vital meaning

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

Emmet:

 

 

 

 

L

of those ideals and values on which this country “as
founded.

The Achievement Program. sponsored by the
Bicentennial Council of the Thirteen Original States Inc..
was created three years ago to give citi/cits an understanding
of the origin and c\olntion of the republic. The effort
culminates alter thirteen years (I989) with the 200th
annitcrsary of the ratification of the Constitution.

Along with lluchitald. other speakers include noted
journalist (iairy Wills. (‘08 news correspondent Douglas
l‘dvtards. (icncral William C. Wcstntorcland. Chief Justice
llowairl l. Market. US. Court of Customs and Patent
Appeals. litank .l. DcSicna. president of the American
Legion's Bots State Nation. Judith Dittidson Moycrs.
(‘oniniissioncr lor the International Year ol the Child.
Senator Charles Mathias. .lr..:tiidScii;itoi William V. Roth.
.lr.

llucliuiild is scheduled to appear II] the Iirnpirc State
l‘hi/a on Sunday night. Scpt to Ill Ii'Jll Ilic ASP has .100
lll‘t.‘ tickets (\iilucrl iii $7.50) “Illi‘lt he will distiilintc to
amoiie iiiteir'stcd iii attending. L'otttc to CC NM tod.t\‘ and
tomorrow \\llllt' supply ltlsls

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

Conny“ News name

SEPTEMBER I4. I979

 

 

 

by Vicki Zunitch

In an attempt to reduce vandalism
in SUNYA residence halls. the
Office of Residences has initiated a
pilot program through which funds
will be allocated to each quad to
improve the physical environment.
according to Assistant Director of
Residences John Murphy.

As stated in the guidelines of the

Program May Reduce Vandalism
Funds Allotted To Quads

Residence Facilities Improvement
Program. sections may be granted
up to $50 for lounge improvements.
while $500 will be available to each
quad to improve conditions of
public areas such as tower elevators.
flagrooms. and ball lobbies.

Under a phase of the program
called “Quality of Life.“ an
additional $8,800 will be available

 

“number one" is doubtful.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

[SUNYA Rated As Most I
Selective Public School

 

A National research institute has rated SUNYA as being the most ‘
selective public university in tlic Unitctl Sttites.

The Iliglier Education Research Institute. based in Les Arigcles.
reached its findings based on SAT and ACT scores of incoming
students in colleges and universities throughout the country.

The University ofVirgiiiia was ranked second I" the survey. lollowcd
by the University of California at Santa Crur.

SUNYA Director of Admissions Rodney A. Hart said that although
SUNYA is probably "within the top two percent" ofptiblic universities
with regard to selectivity. the validity of clriiniing SUNYA to be

Hart added that he has reason to believe that the data which the
survey relied on is dated. perhaps as much as six years.

According to ilart. the average SAT scores of freshmen entering
LSUNYA in I978 were approximately 523 for verbal and 583 for math.

 

—B.W. Fox ‘

on a competitive basis for quad
projects aiming at the reduction of
vandalism and improving '
appearances. If the program results
in a 30 percent reduction in
vandalism. additional money will be
given to the quads in the spring.

The program will be funded
through it reallocation of university
and residence hall monies.
According to Murphy. students may
be involved in less destruction ifthey
“are actively involved in taking
responsibility for the environment in
which they live."

Program guidelines state that
projects submitted for consideration
should be creative. attractive. and
have potential for campus-wide
adaptability. Plans for section
lounges must be appr'oved by two-
thirds of the residents ofthut section
and be submitted by October I5.
Student residents and Staff members
must submit ideas to individual
quads by September 30. in order to
be eligible fortlrecnrly fallallotinir-itt
of $500.

All proposals for the "Quality of
life" program ntust be submitted to
the quad by October 29. A
committee. comprised of Power
Plant Director Jim Ilallinback.
Director of Residences .loliri Welty.
and five students will review the
prospective projects.

Possible projects include
furniture repair or construction.
wall decorations such as murals.and
facility modification. Tilt: funds
cannot be used for on-going repair
projects or to purchase recreational
equipment for section lounges.

Office of Residences has initiated I proglm to help reduce vandalism.

An attempt to combat a wave of destruction.

Prices of Contract. Meal Service Increased

Prices In Contracted Meal Program Increased

by Amy Kantor

The price ofcontract meal service
available in SUNYA‘s quadrangle
dining halls has increased by K
percent this semester. according to
University Auxiliary Services
tllASHicncraI Manager I. Norbert
lahrn.

Zahm has also announced price
increases of as riiticli as ten percent

  

J. Frederick Volkwehi heads ll eonnnlt

Coordinating ruir/ iftn‘t'lltt}: ruin/no [1

SEPTEMBER I 4, I979

 

on food served iii Cainptis Center
dining facilities. including the
Rathskellar. Snack Bar. Delicates—
sen. rind Patroon Room.

“We do 9 million dollars worth of
business a year. btit \\c haven't
raised otir prices to keep tip \titli the
market." he said. "We had to catch
tip."

Meal. especially hamburch and

i

fanning resource management.

1 ' ‘
tee searching for it ﬂftb vice-president.

Photo: UI’S

roast beef. has suffered the greatest
rise in price. The price ofa roast beef
submarine sandwich served in the
Ratliskellar has climbed 50 cents
from SIAS last spring to $l.90 this
fall.

7.alim attribtitcd the price
increases to the cost of both food
and labor. citing a 5290.000 loss to
UAS in l97X—7‘). While the last two

years have seen a 30 percent increase
in the minimum wage of UAS
employees. SUNYA students are
still charged the lowest board rate in
the SUNY system. be said.

A contract meal plan including 20
meals per week cost $730 last spring:
this semester the same meal card is
costing students $788. representing
an increase of nearly $60. Zahm

Photos: Roanne K ulokoﬂ

claims that increases 3 to 4 percent
greater have been levied at other
SUNY schools.

The commuter lunch plan has not
been spared UAS increases either.
Under the program. commuters eat
Iuncli weekdays at any of the quad
dining balls. or receive food valued
at up to $l.50 from Campus Center
dining facilities. Tire price of the
commuter lunch has increased by
$35. from $l70 last spring to $205
this fall.

Zahm said he does not expect any
further price increases through the
spring. maintaining that UAS food
prices remain comparatively lower
than those at local fast food
restaurants such as McDonald's and

continual on page five

F ifth Vice President Joins Soon

Committee Reviews Applications

by Michelle Mackrell

A fifth vice president will soon
join SUNYA's administration. J.
Frederick T Volkwciu. Assistant to
SUNYA President Vincent O'l.eary.

‘ is a member of a search committee
which reviewed applications
throughout the summer for the
newly—created post ofVice President
for Planning and Resource
Management.

According to Volkwein. the
position. approved by botli (Henry
and the SUNY central administra-
tion last spring. will involve
coordinating arid directing campus
planning resource nninagement.
infornnition systems. special studies
and analysis.

The new vice president will have
ciintiol over the Computer Center.
institutional research. Educational
Communication Center and

Admissions and Records.

The position will involve assessing
SUNYA's goals and matching them
with present abilities and future
possibilities.

In the admissions area. this would
come about as the vice president
shapes admissions policy and
recruitment to bring goals in that
area and the duy—to-dtiy operation of
the university into coexistence.

“We need a vice president to pull
together all the various planning
activities on campus." said
Vtilkwcin.

The search committee narrowed
the applicant pool of I00 to l5
finalists last ruontli. Of these, three
or four candidates will be chosen
later this month to come to SUNYA
for interviews. A final decision is
planned for November.

Specific criteria have been set’ ttp

.’ JBANY STUDENT IPRESS

to guide the search committee in its
selection process. Among the
qualities desired are a doctoral
degree; an extensive background in
administration. including

experience in planning. resource_

allocation and analytical studies;
familiarity with a variety of research
tools and techniques; faculty
experience and strong interpersonal
tind'mttnagcrial skills. i
According to Volkwein.
the minimum starting salary for the
position has been set at 332.3“ per
year. The "central control point" is
at $44,000 antpilly. Volkwein
explained this figure as the salary
beyond which the candidate must be
subject to “external review" by
SUNY central administrators.
“They look at the quality of the
candidate as well as the salary that's
needed to bring them Iiere,"lie said.

lPAGE THREE

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
   
    
   

 

