W.“ ., ﬁwqwui.

._..,. s. ...-.._N 2”.”

 

 

i.
r
i.
i
l.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
   

I . .
by Robert Hale ‘

The coming of spring is marked every year
by the gearing up of political activism on
campus. Students are reminded of the glories
of their forbearers of 'the late sixties and a
twinge of self-pity is felt in the heart of every
radical as he admonishes himst for being
born ten years too late. Leader‘s-call for
student union, student protest. student power.
They point to the historical role of students as
the guardians of society —— the Well—educated
elite glorifying their naivete and emerging

from their laboratories of ideas with programs

for vast social change.

Students are the uncorruptible intellectuals;
they are outside "the system". They are
energetic. They are impressionable. They
should be the forefront of American
radicalism.

Yet. this spring.just like every spring for the
last seven or eight years. the students will not
act. Naturally. some will protest. be it about
divestment from South Africa. a tuition
increase, or whatnot. But this will not reflect
the general mood of the student body. The
reaction to apathy will be familiar —— people
will cry that students are not the same as they
were in the sixties. The return to campuses of
the days of toga parties and food ﬁghts is seen
as indicative of a decline in the state of
American intellectualism.

This year's push for activism is more
intensive than usual. The tuition increase is
seen as an issue to unite the students while
accountability of the Educational Testing
Se: vice (ETS) and divestment from South
Africa remain as vital and important to many
political groups on campus. This is also a
benchmark year in student involvement as the
aim is to provide an image ofstudents entering
the eighties as sensitive, aware, interested. and
above all. active in the issues of the world
around them. To do this, issues of a student
oriented nature are to be publicized and thus
draw students into the "habit" of activism.

The efforts of the political groups on this
campus to motivate the student body into
acting on its own behalf should be
commended. But the failure ofthesc attempts
is inevitable. The blame lies not with the
students but with the times. In the sixties
students faces a war which showed that

America was not the lily white do-gooder that
they had learned about. They saw themselves
and their peers being callcdto ﬁghtand die for

a currupt dictatorship against the wishes of

that country‘s citizens. It was an absurd
situation as well as a personal dangerto many.

 

which overcame the obstacles of apathy and
turnover to motivate students to action.
Today‘s issues are on a much smaller scale.
They are basically pocketbook issues.
Protesting them is difﬁcult for many reasons.
First. there are rarely conflicting values
involved. Inﬂation is not seen as a threat to
democracy, Mom, or apple pie. Second, fault
is not easy to affix on anyone in particular.
Should we protest a tuition increase to Gov.
Carey. to the State Legislature, to Chancellor
Wharton, or to the SUNY Board of Trustees?
Finally, the whole student body is not
affected. lfthe hike is only for Lower Division.
students, it will affect only this year‘s
freshmen. Even if it is an across the board rise
in tuition. only those of middle income
families for whom TAP and other ﬁnancial
aid fail to make up the difference will feel the
increase. Those of high income parents will
not be overly concerned and the members of
low income families will have the increase
absorbed by their ﬁnancial aid. Thus. even
with the issue that is of greater concern to the
student body than any in recent years, those
who will actually actively protest are drawn
from a limited section of the students as a
whole. Even ifthe tuition protest is successful.
the attempt to transfer this victory to other
movements will fail because it will draw only
from the limited group that was previously
mobilized.

The attempt to carry students into the
eighties as a politically involved and aware
group is doomed. This is not because there is
anything wrong with the students, but because
the issues are simply not those that lead to
uniﬁed concern and protest. Can anyone
forsee thousands ofdemonstrators converging
on the [980 Democratic National Convention
to demand that ETS release their LSAT
answers? But it is unfortunate that in a time
when our rights are slowly beingchipped away
by everyone from landlords to insurance
companies. it is difﬁcult to respond since each
attack is on a small group, not students as a
whole. We are naive. if not simply foolish. to
approach injustices with what are inevitably
half-hearted attempts at mass action. What
this situation calls for is a development of
political ﬁnesse rather than force, ﬁnding
strength in our intelligence rather than our
numbers. We must not become exasperated
with students for not ﬁllingthcir role as a mass
of bodies. but instead adjust our strategies to
the nature of the problems and issues we face
today.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

, ‘ ditori’al

r

 

 

\

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Worker Mess at UAS

To the Editor:
There are many UAS employees who work
in the Food Department that must be on the

‘ job at 6:30 am. or earlier. In one particular

building, out of nine employees, ﬁve have

permits of some kind which entitles them to
park nearest the building, two ride with a
person who has a permit, and one‘s husband
drives her to the door each morning. That
leaves one person who has to walk from the
parking lot alone? Sound scary? You better

'believe it isi

Many mornings, on approaching the lot.
lights go off while it is still dark out. I've read
that the security ofﬁcers feel a need to carry'
guns at this time of day. What type of
protection do we employees have, since some
is obviously needed. in these early morning
hours?

Over the years this parking permit business
has gotten to be a farce. All employees who
must be at work early deserve the priviledge of
security. This means parking permits for all
concerned whether inlirmed or not.

Thanks for being considerate of your early
morning walkers.

A Disgruntled Worker

Calling All Students

To the Editor:

We would like to take this opportunity to
update students about the current situation in
the ﬁght against the tuition increase. This
week, there is a strong possibility that the
SUNY Board ofTrustees. who are responsible

for the formation of all policies for the State .

University will raise tuition at their meeting on
Wednesday.

Some explanation is in order here; the
proposed tuition increase comes because of
the governor's failure to allow adequate funds
for operation of SUNY in his l979-80
Executive Budget. The Governor's budget. if
passed by the Lep'slaturc would make it
impossible for SUNY to operate effectively
without making large cuts in services provided
to students.

Thus. if the budget is approved as is, the
Trustees would have a choice ofcither making
program cuts or raising tuition. Only $9.]
million extra is needed from the budget to
avoid this. Under these circumstances. SUNY

 

should be working with us to try to get the
additional money from the Legislature. We
have been focusing on the Legislature to
appropriate anextra $9.1 million tothe SUNY
budget to allow the State University to operate
without cuts or a tuition hike. The Legislature
will vote on the budget on April 1.

The Trustees. however, on the
recommendation of the Chancellor. are
seriously considering raising tuition at their
Wednesday meeting, despite the fact that we
will not know if SUNY will get the additional
money until April l.

Our position is the following:

I. Such an action by the Trustees would be
totally premature. Until April I. there is no
way of knowing whether or not we will get the
additional $9.! million.

2. By even considering a tuition increase at this
time. the Trustees will effectively eliminate
any bargaining position they would have with
the Legislature. How can they argue for
additional funds if the Legislature is aware
that SUNY has indicated its willingness to
raise funds through tuition?

3. If the Trustees raise tuition on Wednesday,
it will make it much more difﬁcult to convince
the Legislature. The attitude ofthe Legislators
would logically be, “you have already solved
your problem of insufﬁcient funds by raising
tuition — so why should we give you the
money?"

Therefore. an action is planned for
Wednesday to stop the Trustees from raising
tuition on Wednesday. We plan to bring at
least 100 people to ﬁll the meeting and
pressure the Trustees not to raise tuition.
Through demonstration. chanting. and

picketing we think we can effectively prevent‘

it. Remember, the Trustees are a political
body. and as such want to avoid the stigma of
having the responsibility for hurting public
higher education.

There will be two special buses leaving
uptown to take students downtown to SUNY
Plaza, where the meeting will take place. on

Wednesday at 8:45 in the morning. We know it
is early, but the Trustees are meeting at 10:00
and we have to get there early to makesure we
get in. The bus will make stops on Western
Avenue at Partridge, Draper, Lark. and the
Wellington. Those leaving from uptown
should meet in the Off Campus lounge
between 8:30 and 8245. You may sign up
tonight at dinner lines.
There will also be a pre-demonstration
meeting tonight at 7:00at the Fireside Lounge.
This is the most important action in the
turtion campaign thus far. lfthe Trustees raise
tuition on Wednesday, ﬁghting the tuition
increase in the future will be that much harder.
lSTUDENTS UNlTEl FIGHT THE HIKE!
— Albany Student Union

Tower Follies —
A Rebuttal

To the Editor:
lfccl that I must respond to Steven Olson's
Iletter describing the unfair and unusual
treatment given to the residents of Suite 1703.
. livingston Tower. i think it is important to
bring up some points to clarify the situation.
Steven implies in his letter that sending the
suite to Judicial Board is the same as ﬁnding
them guilty. The fact that someone is referred
to Judicial Board does not automatically
assume guilt. The reason for bringing it to
Judicial Board is so that a group of peers can
make that decision. This insures due process
as required by law. As the Director of
Livingston Tower. I must address this matter
because the serious issue of ﬁre safety is
involved. Sending itto Judicial Board is in my
mind the fairest way to pursue the incident.
That Steven feels this Board is out persecute
"members of the 17th floor is unfortunate. lf
members of the board were not Tower '
residents. I suppose someone else would shout

“unfair” as well, because no one would be a
“true peer". It is very easy to ﬁnd fault with
any system when one feels persecuted.

As far as holding the suite responsible for
incidents that occur there. let me assure you
that this point had been made. In the
beginning of the year. a soccer ball was thrown
out of suite l703. When questioned. the
response was that the suite door was always
left unlocked and that people were constantly
in and out. Those present claimed they did not
know who had thrown the bail out. At that
time. a Director on the Quad made it very
clear that leaving the door unlocked could
lead to a situation where the suite would be
held responsible for someone else‘s actions in
their suite. Why then is it unfair to follow
through with what was explained would
happen?

I would also like to point out that Steven is
clouding the most important issue: the matter
of who is being unfair in this situation. What
about the mysterious person(s) who caused
the entire incident? How has he been
forgotten? it is apparent to me that this
person(s) who is willing to let the members of
suite I703 take responsibility for his act is the
true villian, not to mention those who know
and are remaining silent to protect this
pcrson(s). It seems that Steven is trying to
make the system. which only deals with an
incident after it occurs. the scapegoat for the
real culprit(s).

Marie Mancc
Director. Livingston Tower

 

Angry?

Mad?

Upset?
Write a letter!

 

 

 

 

 

Chancellor Cliffton Wharton and the Trustees ‘

 

 

 

The Camp,

   

by Scott Lonsberry

Why does Student Association insist on
being so arrogant to the students it is supposed
to represent and serve? On Wednesday night
Central Council is going to decide a $113,000
Dippikill expansion proposal without so
much as a whisper about it to students.

Chairman ofCentral Council. David Ruffo.
decided on Friday that a new proposal to fund
Dippikill with SI H.000 overa ﬁve year period
for expansion and acquisition of the Glen

 

 

F‘EIFFER

 

 

 

r k) moment/“moo
Emigrants W are.

 

 

 

 

  
    

The Co

House from UAS is so important that
Council‘s whole agenda for Wednesdav night
he dropped in favor of deciding the Dippikill
issue. Why the rush? The time table of budget
committee might be disrupted.

It seems that if the proposal is passed by
Council. certain deductions must be made
irotn next year‘s Student Activities budget
before budget committee is turned loose
allocating anticipated revenue. BudléCl
committee doesn‘t want to be held up. so
liuffo has decided that the show must go on
tomorrow! But wait M what about students?
Shouldn't they know what is about to be
decided? Why doesn‘s SA‘s ricw SLOOO
Propzrgands sheet The Student Voice discuss
lht‘ Proposal and solicit student input?

The Dippikill proposal deserves more
attention than a quickie vote by a largely new
and still unaware Council. it is it major
cltpcnditure drawing from the general fund
and harnessing future Council action because
0f the drain on reserves. ()n tlte pro side. It
would provide much needed conference
facilities and additional cabins for campers.
More people should know about the question
sotltrrt a fair and well evalurrtcdjtrdgmenl W1”
he reached.

liven if Ruffo feels that informal student
i"put isn't necessary and insists on decidrrig
lllc question Wednesday night, he is bound by
lllL‘ formal structure of Student Association.
He should at least delay Council's volc unlll
900 Alumni Quad residents can be fully
rePresented. Alumni Quad is now represented
on Council by only one representative whrlc
rtll other quads have four. This is because the
election commissimh charged by President
Ftildman. rrrri such shabby rrudtcr'rtt
replacement elections that the results on
Alumni were invalidated.

You may wonder. how dare
'l his is how. ()nc candidate's rtrrrne w
ballot on the first night, disrrppcrrml the
“Wild and tirerr reappeared the illlltl. llr.rt -

 

| gay slrtrltliy!
it‘s on the

uncil and Thou

   

only the ﬁrst impropriety. Secondly. one of
the downtown dinner lines never had
ballottirig until the third night of elections
even though it was hrouglit to Feldman's
atention and Election Commissioner Jayne
Biebcr after the first night.

Uptown elections weren't without their.
flaws either. There were numerous charges of
people being allowed to vote without tax cards
and pollsters running out of ballots onthefirst
night of hullotting. No one protested those
elections. 11 appears that was it wise decision.
At least all uptown Quads will be fully
represented on Wednesday night when one of
the most important issues of the year Will be
decided.

it is hard to understand why our student
policy makers feel they must subject students
to an inllcxihle bureaucratic structure when
they have the ability to adjust to student needs.
In this case their ability lies in their power to
the vote. I I

We must all call on Student Assoctatronto
slow down on this proposal until we know
whrrt it is and until each student has rrrr
opportunity to his or her opinion. (iood
decisions cannot be made without an attempt
to collect all the information that miglii affect
the outcome.

it is true that Council has been aware ofthe
er a month but Council has
had eight resignations since last semester and
now has what should be eight new votes. In
addition. few students on campus realize the
nature of the decision to  made. With
$lt)!!.t)t)(l and the future of Dippikill at stake
there should be more student involvement

proposal for ov

outside SA. ‘
esirc of SA‘s leadershtpto push

If it is tltc d I ‘
('currttl (‘ouncil for such far reaching
decisions without student knowledge and
Wlllltrlll till students having a fair and
rursurrrrhle opportunity to he represented,
rlu-n lcl the students of “Albany see the
.rrrogrrrtt c of our elected otltcrals.

 

I I C I
Fr nrshing Up Wr nter

Before long, if all goes as planned, spring just might arrive. The time
wril come to whip out the frisbees. head over to the podium with agood
supply of suntan oil, and bask in the sun for days at a time. Classes?
They'll still be around. but some of us might not be. Truly, springtime at
SUNYA is a time to rejoice. and rejoice we will. But before that. we must
ﬁnish up winter. i

Winter is a strange season, and it does strange things (especially at a
stark white school). Besides burying your car in the for lot, and turning
your nose a) bright red, winter has an effect on your mind. The isolation
and coldness is bound to get you down a little, and it could dampen your
outlook (no pun intended). Here presented to you, and not to the
students at the University of Miami. are some tips on ﬁnishing up the
freeze, and preparing for the podium.

{Stay inside. First of all, indoors isn't white, and thereare oodles of
.activrties to be done in the comforts of you very own abode. Oilyour
mitt. Dust your fn'sbee. See if the string bikini you bought last year still
ﬁts. And above all. ﬁnd a warm body to snuggle up with and “study”.

0‘00 to classes. Let's face it, that could be impossible when spring
comes. so you might as well use the winter months to get ahead. Reading
your text books might be a good idea too. And study (really). ‘

OBe especially friendly. We‘re all in the same boat up here, and
whatever you're going through, you're bound to ﬁnd a friend going
through it as well. Together, you might just conquer it. '

0Remember the parents. If you‘re from above the MasonDixonline,
then they’re going through winter too. (And you don‘t have to shovel the
driveway this year). Why not shock the hell out of them and drop them a
hoe? They‘ll feel pretty good, I'll bet, and they mayjust deposit a winter
bonus in the depleted checking account. It can‘t hurt.

There you have it. The season is winter, the prospect is spring, and
vacation is 38 days away. (912 hours). Start your countdown now, but
don’t remain frozen as long as the parking Iota will. Be active, and you'll
stay warm. Finishing up winter may seem bleak. but if you follow these
tips, the time may move a little faster. Winter might even be fun.

Eat your heart out, University of Miami. .

Go Danes!

While we freeze in Albany, the Great Danes basketball team will by
ﬂying to Danville, Kentucky for the NCAA playoffs this Thursday. The
game is Friday night, and the ASP wishes the team the best of luck
(skill), and hopes that they come back winners!

 

 

 
   

é

ALBANY
51 our N r
A Pnr’sss
JAV B. GrsseN. Miror-in-Clrief
Snvr Oral. Managing Editor

News rorroa
Assocrxrr NLWS :orrorts
Asrrc‘rs EDIIOI
SPOITS EDI‘IOR
ASSOCIATE spouts tnlroa
EDITORIAL PAGE :niroa

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . BRIAN KURTZER
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . PAUL SCHWARTZ
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . DAVID OsaottN

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Ertic SALZlNGER
s‘rAi'i' wat'rras: Robert Blasenstein. Jeff Carone. Janet Ccrni. Marie Cortissoz. Mike Dunne.
Wendell Heddon. Michele lsrael, Ken Kurtz, Steve Oster. Don Rossi. Aron Smith. Deborah
Smith. David Spiro AP MANAGEIS: Jesse Scherer. Lloyd Levenbcrg zoom: NEWS: Laura
Schran raevrrw PAGE: Diana Oruci Ants coounthoa: Ste hanie Del Valle oars: LINE
COORDINATOR: Patrick Ford NEWS [prions rmrarrus: Matthew ox.Tom Manello,Jill Haber

JONATHAN Honors. Business Manager

. . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . DEBBIE Kerr

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . LISA APPLEBAUM
. . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . SUSAN Asses
BeNNv BROWN

ADVERTISING MANAGER
BrLLrNo coNsutnNr
PAVIOLL MANAGER

BOOKKEEPING

sires PERSONNEL: Steve Guldstein, Jeff Levitan. Richie Mermelslcin CLASSIFIED ADVERTISING:

Steve Maucr COMrosrnoN: Amy Sours. Hayden Carruth AD raoouc‘rmN MANAGER: Irene

Firmat AD PriouucrioN: Hildy Brand. Sally Ann Brecher. Liz Rozwod. Laurie Studwell omcs:
Rosemary Gross. Ruth 'lcrill not run: Leslie Appelbaum

 

 

LYNN Hill. Production Manager
RdIiN GOLD-sac. Asmciale Production Manager
Tvrth cooaoiNnoa . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . LorutrNia Lrueanoruz
Par L

VIITICAL CAMEIA ovs
GI APIIICS coounrNAroa

PAS‘II: or: [Julie Appelbaum. Michele Berk. Miriam Epstein. Sophia Kustas, Jill Meyerson,

Beth Simon TVI'IETS: Sally Ann Brecher. Diana Cochran. Robin Goldberg. Cara Janowrky

Cheryl Kaufman. Clara Kuebier. Marrijlyn Mtlllskonl’ 1.. Ivy Peltl. Beth Stone noorauon:
onnu etc n r

Pitoroourirv, supplied principally by ‘Jm'vrrrlt y Photo Service
CHIEF "rumour-tin: Mary Ann Huvak rtrorocl r ins: Tony Tassarotti, Laura Viscusi,
Scott Areman. Roanne Kulakoff. Bob Leonard, Tanyt Ann Harvey. Jeff Schneebaurn. Sam
Tcrclli. Howie Jacobs, John Ct IW, The Moon

ESTABLISHED 916
The Albany Student Press is puf/lfshfde'l'tl’)‘ Tuesday and Friday during rhuchoolyear byth:
Albany Student Press Corporation. an lode/rend m rrrrl-fur~proﬂl orgurrlzarlan. Editorial
[mlfrv is t/t‘lt’llllillt’tl by the Edimr-r'n Chief/11nd is subject to review by [he Edi/aria! Board.
Mailing Address.- Albunr' Sim/err: Press, ((329. I400 li’arhinglun Ave, Albany: NY [2222
(5”!) 457-8892

 

 

 

 

 

 

