 
 

.. “WW...” W" J1

w: Mammwmmwm... .. ‘ -- ' ‘ “‘ ~‘*~-9—~
— «a u-«zw- “a rawmul-bm"msfmﬁgmww‘q‘n‘n 

  . ».....'-An-np-nrvonalp,lA - a. a An.

in December of 1976, while on a semester

hiatus from college, i was skimming through a I

copy of the Village Voice to see if there might
be anything of interest going on during the
weeks ahead. While jotting doWn a few
concerts, plays, names and dates, an unusual
ad caught my eye. Tucked away towards the
end of the theatre section was a small box
which displayed a half-face drawing of. what
appeared to be Paul McCartney.
Accompanying the picture was the following
caption: "Wanted - Beatles lookalikes
Singer/Musicians - Call Mrs. Price at..." All of
this immediately aroused my curiosity. You
see, i am a musician (guitarist) who happens
to be an “A‘NumberOne Beatie Fanatic." .

Barry A. Kesten
ile most of the musicians in my crowd

were emulating Clapton, Allman and the
other rock guitar heavyweights, l was
supremely devoted to The Beatles; especially
George Harrison. in fact, since i was nine or
ten years old, I would spend hours locked in
my room with the nylon string guitar my
grandparents bought for me and my ever
expanding collection of Beatie records
disecting the guitar work of every song.
Getting the parts notefor note was fairly easy,

but after buying my ﬁrst electric guitar and
ampliﬁer, I put in a lot oi sweat to perfect
Harrison’s Beatie studio sound reproduction
and technique. in time, l found that l was able
to do a decent vocal imitation of Mr. Harrison.
i don't consider myself a great vocalist,
however, I've been told that when i add the
slight accent, i do a pretty mean "Roll Over
Beethoven,” “If i Needed Someone" and
"Here Comes the Sun,’I to name a few. As for
looking like George? I can readily admit that
no one has ever stopped me on the street
and said, “Gee, are you George Harrison?"
About the only physical characteristics we
have in common are that we're both the same
height and weight. we both share the same
color hair and eyes, and finally, the only other
noticeable George~like feature lpossess is the
toothy, slightly crooked smile which is most
evident on the covers of the Beatles VI and
Let it Be albums.
Figuring that lhad nothing to lose, [decided
to call the number on the ad. After i got
through to a receptionist in Mrs. Price's
office, i was immediately put on hold -
complete with the muzak version of (as trivial
as it may be) “Bridge Over Troubled Water,"
to keep me entertained. All of a sudden there
was a click and the music stopped. A woman
came on and introduced herselfas Mrs. Price.

She then. in a very businesslike manner,
proceeded to ask me the following‘
questions: Which Beatie are you calling for?"
When i told her, she shot back with, “Can you
play lead guitar like George? Can you sing like
George? Do you look like George?" 1 thou ht
she might eventually ask me if i smelled like
George. The next thing l knew, I was given an
address to report to the following week with
my guitar. Before she was about to hang up, i
asked her what this was all for. The only thing
she said was that it was for a live stage show.
For some reason, I never did show up the
next week for the audition and, instead, just
concentrated on relaxing and enjoying myself
until school started again in January.

About three or four months later, lstarted
hearing about something called Beatlemania
previewing in Boston. All l knew was that it
had received a lot of hype. The connection
with Beatlemania and the Village Voice ad did
not occur to me until I read a short piece in
Newsweek and later in People magazine.
Here, l read of the very audition that l called
about. The photos in the articles showed
these four guys on stage dressed and
made‘up to look like the famous quartet.
There seemed to be little or nothing special
about the John or Ringo, and the George
looked outright ridiculous with slightly
crossed eyes, a hooked nose and an overbite
which would be stiff competition for Mr. Ed,
On the other hand, I do admit to being a bit
amazed by a fellow named Mitch Weissman
who looked uncannily like Paul McCartney.
When Beatlemania came to the Winter
Garden Theatre on Broadway everyone was
rushing to see it. That is everyone except me.
Sure, l was intrigued to see what all of the
hype was about but ljust never got around to
buying a ticket.

By the time Summer '77 came around, i
saw an identical ad, this time in Rolling Stone
However, now it said “For Broadway’s new
hit musical — Beatlemania”. Also, there was
an additional phone number to call for Los
Angeles. Again, i called and went through the
same routine, only now lwas well prepared on
what to expect. My audition was scheduled to
be in exactly one week at 10:55 AM (don't ask
why it couldn
why it couldn't be at 10:45 or 11:00) at a place
in Manhattan called S.l.R. (Studio instrument
Rentals). l was not going to pass up this
second chance and definitely intended to
show up. For that one week period I lived. ate,
and breathed George Harrison. I wasn't told
exaClly what songs to prepare but Mrs. Price
did mention something about singing
“Here Comes the Sun". So that song was the
locus of my preparation. I decided to use the

at: agate": °n   
ﬂ 5 OPPOSEd to “Abbey
503d V because I felt it contained more
  

I . gave a preVIew to some
close friends for constructive criticism and
audience reaction. Everyone was surprised
espectally at the way i cap )d the voice:

i: ,
Even my mother, who i rarely perform in front -
of, was very impressed. What i did for her was
to first play the recording of Harrison (for
contrast) and then play and sing 5010
afterwards. That night, I don't think [slept at
all. I rehearsed till dawn.

Audition Day! l was quite nervous and
fortunately my brother. Marc. Offered to
accompany me for moral support. When we
got to Manhattan we hopped on the 8th
Avenue uptown subway. S.l.R. was fairly easy
tofind asit isjust two doorsdown from Sturim
54, The building itself was old and not tun
impressive in appearance. Lugging my
acoustic and electric guitars, my brotlwr .mtll
walked up four flights of stairs as the (Elt’vttliit
was out of commission. On the fourth floor
there were a few doors, one of which mid
“Studio instrument Rentals". As we entvmi
there was another gate which had .i 5pm .
hell for admittance. l was directed in
third door which led into Studio "A" U.‘l\l‘i I
was told the auditions were being held llt ml;
in deep breath and entered. When i got inwiw
there was a fellow auditioning for Paul pl it n;
“Get Back" on a Hofner Beatlt- Hum.
Someone told me that the guys backing him
up were the alternate cast who won
appearing at the Winter Garden. Thr- Hitltllii
was small, dimly lit, except for a small arm»
which contained guitars, amps, a drum :i'l
and a grand piano. Opposite the Sliigc t m tl w
other side of the room was what camv lti iv
known as "the couch". This is where you'd Hll
(sometimes for hours) watching tho otlwi
auditionees and waiting to be called on Many;
times the room was filled to capat'ity
people standing, sitting on the floor .mrl
sometimes waiting outside. This [Milli iilrir
day was standing room only.

As l looked around at the other guys who
came down to try ou it was usually very .my
to tell who was auditioning for Paul and John
but not so easy for the Ringos and Georgw. in
a way, it was amazing —— there were fat Prtuls,
balding Johns, blond Ringos with small nqu
and six-loot-six Georges. in essence, thuw
was quite a variety. Maybe one out of font in
five really bore any real resemblence to flllt‘ of
the Beatles. As for performing, we coiiltini
understand how some of these people litid tlw
idea that they could play or sing. The Paul.»
and Johns were supposed to play guilt”.
piano and bass as well as sing. Ollt’ l’ttill
auditionee got onstage and was asked to sing
“Yesterday” but when they gave lntn an
acoustic guitar, he said he did not know lltt‘J.‘
to play it. One John cracked everyone til) l in
must‘ve been in his mid thirties and wmv
Burmuda shorts, sneakers with black h()t ltk
and sported a be-bop beard. When deWl In
play it John song, he sat at the piano iiilfl tlitl
his own jazzy interpretation of "Norwi'dhm
Wood". So much (or Daddy-O.

Finally, they were getting to tho (if‘ftl’ll'i'
one by one, we were being called tip in play
The man in charge of running the audition». P:

the show's mu il director Sand Yin HILL

 

New j 

-‘  York ‘

.. September -

I979

‘Lonsl

Live I
Rock! ‘

Ba” K9518 h bet.) it Is rsun n
i. )ll car ‘ ' ~ ' ' ' ‘
5” i Q ( L! in bllOlU blSIIlQSS stne hi5 'Bc’flvlllfllllu dill,"

Yon could call him Johnny, or you could call him walrus. oryou could call him pigman,
bi" you doesn’t has to call him Mark Vaccacio though his mum would.

 

