swarmai--Mim+...-t.t. M...  ./ ,

 

4 I

Fantasy no. 3:

Falling Star *

and a spur of the moment intermission
was called for. l was watching a terrible
movie on TV backstage. and Kathy was
watching me. Suddenly. he walks in,
visibly shaken, staring at me blankly.

i asked him what the hell he was doing
off stage. and he said that he couldn‘t take
it anymore. Christ. lthought. not another

ﬁt. 1 gave him a quick working minor
sedative. but then he felt a little out of it. i
counteracted that with a major stimulant.
and he was back on stage, cooking, in

Our lives are bent by thousands of
seem to recede in the horizon and
h were. only yesterday, so

Most of us have trouble getting through the days.
devilish frustrations. Our aspirations, our ambitions.
we ﬁnd ourselves compromising the ideals and goals whic ’

vividly graspable. Happiness or satisfaction is too rare. and when achieved, loo
ﬂeeting. But man endures this fate. and he prevails because he can dream. It is our
refuge. As the poet, Langston Hughes, wrote. "Hold fast to dreams; for if dreams die.

de for dreamers. So turn
Fantasy no. 1:

life is a broken winged bird that cannot ﬂ y. " A nd Rock was ma
M i r r O I‘ S t 0 r

up your radio, kick off your shoes. shut out the lights. and dream . . .
lungs out. A peek from the wings and he

saw the Universe. Millions of stars

fter all these years. he was still
nervous. He never could cope
with the fact that forty
thousand eyes would devote
their prime attention to him
for as long as he crossed their paths. They
had paid to watch this psychological
strip-tease. done this time for quick
pocket money, but utterly destructive in
its personal effect. it was quite a show.

 

. Another dawning of a dull

day. Groping for the

screaming alarm clock. he got

up. He sat still. waiting for his

body to catch up with his mind. Come on

body. wake up. He stumbled throughthe

silver shadows of morning to the

bathroom. Ah, he thought, l'm going to

make it. The water spewed out of the

faucet. He cupped his hands to catch it.

and he dumped his droopiingface into the
c—c—cold hand bath. “Ah.” he said.

Stuart Matranga

 

glittering like ﬂames on matches. What?
The President called? Plug me into the
phone. Yes sir, I understand there’ll be
riots, but. . . You want me to go on again
. . . National Security . . . World Peace
. . . [got it. 0k. but it's gonna cost ya.
He ran back on stage. Utter madness.
The sound shone like the sun. He
strapped himself into a guitar. instant
silence. He waved to the band. “One.
Two. Three. Four. The highways

jammed with broken heroes on a last
chance power drive. ~l gotta ticket to ri-i-
ide. One day l'm gonna getcha getcha
He saw a face in the mirror over the getcha.
sink; very familiar; someone mother used dCICCIiVCS'

And we were watching the
And l‘m searching for a heart

to know. Slowly between splashes of ofgold. When I need lovelhold out my

water it came to him. Oh yes.
again.
rushing into his veins.

it's him hand and I touch love.
that fellow. The blood began delivered l‘m yours. Wham Barn Thank
He breathed a You Ma'am. Oh mysuffragettecity. Jet.

Signed, sealed

gallon of air. He banged his chest and B-b-b-b-b<b-b-bennie and the jets. Jet.

roared. “l Live". He was happy to see it.
He blew himself a kiss, puckering his lips
so they became two fat. red cherry bombs.
He leaned into his image. “Thank
Yoooooooo." he cried. sconching his
throm. “Awwwwwwwrightl” He waited

for the eanh shaking applause to soften.

lt didn't. He waved his hands. and it did. “I
thank Kayth's got th'bluuus." he droned.
“Waaaaall. way gonna ‘elp 'im out". He
brought the toothbrush close to his
mouth. “I wen doooown," he
dipped, “toe the' station a suit case in
ma hands. Awwwwwriizhtj‘

The set ended and he left the stage. But
no. be ﬂipped on both faucets full blast,
they wouldn't let him go. The rafters were
shaking the roof was rattlin‘. The world
was rockin‘. 250,000 frenzied fans stood
on their seats and Walled their blessed

Fantasy no. 2:

Shooﬁng

rec strutted onto the roof patio

carrying a silver tray of Tiger's

milk and Quaaludes. “Try

Some, Buy Some" was

scrolled elegantly in red on her

black tee shin. She wore little else. I fled
up to the roof to throw up in peace. I tried
to get it all in the barrel. set up for the
purpose, but some ofit glommed onto my
tour shirt. None of us changed after the
show. The stodgy humidity added to the
bitter taste in the air, but it was worse
downstairs. I couldn't inhale without
ﬁnding Nirvanha. Despite the stickiness
ofthe air. infinite stars giggled in the night
and Manhattan's towers of glass. steel.
and light reminded me of a postcard some
aunt sent me many years before. I was
only a smart-sleek kid then. with a beat
up old guitar that couldn't stay in tune for
all the curses and blisters it caused me.
My aunt must have saved for twenty years
to spend a few weeks in New York. All I
do is play guitar and We seen London.
Paris. Tokyo. everywhere. Or. at least
their concert hall. arenas, and stadiums.
They're all the same anyhow..The food
tastes a little different. Fans scream in

Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh. . .

Stor"

different languages. but the music and the
darkness. the applause, the thunder never
change much. i found a Wet rag and wiped
my shirt. A whoosh ﬁlled my ears. I
imagined the street dividing and the
ocean wretching through the cracked
cement. l pceped through the skylight. He
arrived.

He swam through the Astrocrowd in a
blazing orange leather skinsuit. His hair
was streaked with orange and silver. like
lightning spears. Our Host kissed him on
the mouth. He hated Our Host and I
thought he would bite Our Host‘s tongue.
but he must have been in too good a
mood. Someone put on the new album. 1
co-wrote the third song on the album -—
the first chance i had to record something
even partially my own. i got off on him.
really believed in him and us. the band. i
thought we were the comers of Rock-n-
Roll.

1 was heading back down to greet him
when an arm from the shadows grabbed
me. The arm belonged to a beautiful girl.
“Hey man." she said, her voice raspy.
"Stay. don't go."

“Sure.” I gave her my best Well-Hello-

Therc smile and sat down inthe shadows.
next to her. Her body was shakingthough
she tried to steady it. “Don‘t you play
guitar?" she rested her crimped blonde
hair on my chest where l hadjust rubbed
off the modified hamburger. vodka and
something small and red.

“How ya doin‘?" I said fecbly. She
made me uptight somehow and I really
wanted to go. “Really great show Mr.
Man,"‘ and she laughed or coughed as she
said it. She rubbed my legs with her
hands. I put my arms around her. her
head nestled in my elbow. She wore a very
strong but sweet smelling perfume which
merged with the sweat from the humidity.
I wasn‘t sure if i was repulsed at the
combined odor or delighted. She began
shivering really bad. 1 asked her what her
name was. She said. "Ice. Melt me." We
both laughed and she turned to face me
She really was quite beautiful. We kissed:

I love you. guitar man," she kissed me on
both eyes and again, longer. on the
mouth. I held her very tightly. trying to
stop her.from vibrating. There was a
sourness in her mouth. l wondered what
she tasted in mine. The album ended
Anotherlwas put on. Roaring laughter
and maximum volume shook the walls I
tried to get up but she pulled 
shoulders down and i couldn‘t resisty
lhere was no strength in me. I laughed
alone while the snow lady from Venus

1’ 9's.

Illhleh one of these stars do uou

.ll‘];

molded the Silly Putty man. "What till)
i?" i asked her laughing and letting her
fold my arms across my chest.

“You‘re my Grandfather's clock tick
lock and every second counts."

“Tick tick tick." i said rolling my CW"-
Shc pressed her hands on my chest and
arched her back above me. A tiny smili-
beat the corners of her thin red lips. "'I ick
tock. Tick tock," she whispered. ‘lczirs
moistened her eyes, wonderful deep. lilllt'
eyes. She collapsed hard on top of “It'-
“Siive us." she brushed my ear with her
soft breath. “from forgotten tomorron
Soothe our sorrows." l smiled 1'10
words were from my song. I turncd
towards her again. Tears must have hccn
in, my eyes too because my face was wul.

“I can make a transforms
so inviting —- so enticm

I could a fall asleep
I can d
l’m so wiped

'i’d_send my photoQra
like a re

see whin‘uou look In the mirror?

()ur faces were almost touching. She
raised a ﬁnger to her lips then pressed it
against mine and closed her eyes. She
slept quietly in the shadows. 1 crept away
back downstairs.

Drums seemed to pound in my cars. l
forgot why i came downstairs. Free
handed me a glass and something small
and red. I drank it. I swallowed it. There
had to be a door. I could hear it creak
open but I couldn't see it. My hand went
away. He held it. He patted me on the
cheek rind kissed me softly on the mouth.
l got off on him. really loved the band.
and told him so. He seeped into the
velvetoids, and the skintights. and Our
Host was on the wall tapping green purple
alligator pumps and grinning. I sang. l

tjion as a Rock-rn-Roll star

1

,g to play the part -

at night as anock -n-Roll star.
0 Miami; money,

gular

out with things as
ph to my-honéy and I’dTCOme on

they are.

SUPERSTAR’ ’

Jay Gissen

Tuesday afternoon. he went into a ﬁt of
depression. The lawyer had called and
told him how much alimony he would be
paying, so he ODcd on No-Dozc and
crushed out. He was going on at 8:l6, but
I didn‘t revive him until 7:00, when he
suddenly woke up with an urge for
Heavenly Hash ice cream.

l hated to use the drugs, but this was
one of those times when artificiality was
called for over the confines of reality.
Reality would not mal L' 't through
twenty-four songs and two encorcs.
Artificiiility would, with a bring.

The drugs not only worked. they
Wurde overtime. He smiled it hit,
danced. and gave it all he had morctliiin I
usually noticed. Before the second
encore. | congratulated him. I told him it
\‘fls quite a show.

He never flies, so We took three air~
conditioned. rc-conditioncd, luxury
buses. equipped with restrooms.
bedrooms, good food. liquor. drugs, and
“Richard Pryor on the video . .  l
passed the time letting him beat me at
backgammon. and usinga bedroom with
Kathy.

it was quite a life. touringfor nine solid
Necks. hitting every major city in this
continental U.S. of A. The drugs rtin wild
iill ofthe timc,though ltried to stay away.
So did Kathy. He loved the drugs. but i
managed to keep him away from most of
the harder stuff.

During one particularly gruesome
performance. his paranoia overtook him.

Fantasy no. 4:

 

f-lnothor Star

in o n g his in a n y

accomplishments Stuart

Matranga can count eluding

the press as one of his most

distinguished. After many
wild goose chases the hard-to-reach
recluse was ﬁnally cornered in a Chinese
restaurant on North laCienga Blvd. in
the Hollywood section of Los Angelcs.
Between soggy mouthfuls of Moo Goo
(iai l’iin, Mr. Matranga begrudgingly
consented to be interviewed. With him
was a shy brunette only identiﬁed as
"Sugar."

“The thing is," Mr. Matranga replied
when asked how his career was going
since the Academy Award nomination
for “The Frank Sinatra Story," “now
everyone wants me to do Ole Blue Eyes.’
You get classiﬁed in a certain role and
forget it. I have to be challenged.“
Though his acting pursuits have
admittedly waned. Mr. Matranga .ii
currently dappering in rock music
“Basically. l'm interested in producing i

sang my song we co—wrote on the album

lie floated to the surface again and sang
“ith me for awhile or less and sank again.
l’ink flooded the room. lswam in pink. A
scvuff stuck an ostrich feather in my
r)iints. He was pink. it was pink. Who
stole the air, i cried. And some cat
plugged me into an electric guitar. it
played me. i played it. There was,it could
be said. a mutual attraction. And ice
melted in my glass. lcould see cool clean
slate push against hot hot hot pink, but it
melted. “Let go.” I thrashed the guitar
into it lamp. It was a brand new. well I
tuned thingtoo. lfclt tired and lcried and couple of groups. but nothing concrete
I prayed I Would go to sleep before i came' has been worked out yet. We retalkingto
A ﬁt. M though."

it . ' I
) After the meal. Mr. Matranga insisted

-Stuart Matranga

twenty-seven minutes.

1 had missed the meat of the movie, sol

decided to screw Kathy in his dressing
room. usingthe portable. vibrating'water

bed. i felt a little bit spent after the Show,
but there was a forly~ﬁvc minute
interview slot. is party at Gloria‘s
penthouse. and we were set for a four
hour road trip at 6:00 a.m.. the only part
of the day he liked to travel. .
()n the last night ofthe tou , I actually
watched the show. something i hadn't
done in it while. i felt absolutely ecstatic
tlii pi'clornitiiicc, but that could've been
the cocaine. I didn't really love the drugs.
but he wanted me to watch the show. and
he wanted me to do the coke for it. Come
to think of it. I did a lot for him. but as
Kathy observed. l was paid damn well.

)ncc it ended. we all sailed to Hawaii
foi it two week recuperation period.
before Europe, Australia. Japan. and
maybe a stint in Russia. l‘m writingthis
on ti beach in Honolulu. Kathy is next to
the sleeping. He‘s taking it solitary walk
in the sand. tryingto get his head together
before the Berlin opening.

All in it“. it was it trip. Kathy found on.
she was pregnant yesterday. and she's
pretty sure it's mine, so I told her to keep
it. It could be his. but she says that the
odds are simply against it. I‘ve decided
that I will go to Europe after all. even
though Kiitliy can't. Anyway,thcrc's this
chick in llonn that told me to look hcrup.
and he said that it's going to be a gas ofit

tour. Wc sail tomorrow.

on driving to Zuma Beach. in the car he
talked at length about the war and its
effect on his mind. "Literally it blew me
away. Just blew me the hell away."
Maintaining a steady speed of seventy-
five, Mr. Matranga laughed roarously
when asked if he Would ever live in Los
Angeles permanently and asked Sugar to
hand him it beer. She produced a can
from her purse. “Like I told that
schlcpper from the TV Guide. living in
Los Angeles is a lot like death. 1 could
never live anywhere permanently. lnfact,
tomorrow l'm movingto West Berlin." ls
Sugar joining you? “Now that's a loaded
question. And none of your freakin'
business." There was an awkward silence
in the car until we rolled up on the sand of
the beach. The water was brilliantly
dazzled hythe setting sun. Mr. Matranga,
in apologetic tones. said while tossing
driftwood iit a ﬂock of sitting gulls.
"Sorry about that, old man, but I hate
you lyin' scabs.” His lips cut an endearing
smile. “Only kidding. come on, I'll drive
you home." He took Sugar‘s hand and we
drove into the sprawling city as night

descended.
—Stuart Matranga

 

