   

."T-r'

  
    
  
   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Viewpo'

nt‘

 

 

 

t has)“. . a...“

 
 

by Barry M. Grelper
Are we going to wait for ourhair to fall out,
’ ﬁngers to fall off. or maybea serious spread of
cancer. directly related to the radioactive
particles emitted from the states'
experimental testing plants for nuclearenergy
before something isdone? Presently in Harris-
burg, Pennsylvania, experts are working
to ﬁnd a safe way to shut down the Three-Mile
Island facility to prevent a meltdown of the
reactor core and the subsequent release of
poisonous radioactivity. They are trying to
relieve the buildup of pressure in the core —
which may lead toan explosion.slowly letting
out radioactive gases. In addition to the usual
amount of gas emitted from the plant. this
incident has created such unhealthy living
conditions that Harrisburg is becoming a
ghost town.

We hear reassuring statements from the
news media that everything is stable but
incidents like this one are not rare. At Indian
Paint. a nuclear plant. twenty-ﬁve miles from

New York City. an accident occurred
involving the release of poisonous gases.
Robert Pollard. the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory
Commission's Project Manager in charge of
reviewing all safety systems at Con Edison's
Indian Point said. “The Indian Point plants
have been badlydesigned and constructed and
are susceptible to accidents that could cause
large scale loss of life." Another incident
occurred in Alabama. A ﬁre there nearly
caused a meltdown. in Syracuse there are
reports that the levels of radioactivity in the
air are three to four times higher than usual
because of such plants. Many plants across
the nation have similar chances of such
accidents.

Do we release what the effects of a
meltdown in Harrisburg could be? it is
estimated that a meltdown would wipe out
ﬁfty percent ofthe people within a sixty mile
radius of the plant. And who could foresee
what would happen to the other ﬁfty percent
and their children and their children's
children. The radioactive gases would not
become immobilized but would be blown to
other cities such as Manhattan and
Philadelphia.

With the wind blowing north. Albany is
another strong possibility. These are strong
realities which cannot be dismissed because of
the “so-called" stability reports but must be

consciously realized.

Even if a disaster is prevented now. it is a
fact that all nuclear plants emit radiation in

 

Stop Nuclear Por

the course of normal operations. Poisonous
radioactive particles. invisible to the eye.
become concentrated in the soil and grass. and
these particles are eaten by the cows. and we
drink their milk. With the present milk strike.
we are getting our milk from Pennsylvania

Farms.

The radioactive wastes. which are part of
the process of the plant‘s energy prod uction, is
also of major concern. These wastes must
remain isolated from people and the
environment for at least 250,000 years.
Presently. most of it is put in underground
tasks. In Hanford a storage tank has already
leaked 500,000 gallons of waste. and small
amounts have leaked into the environment at
a nuclear waste dump in West Valley. near
Buffalo. N.Y. The toxic gases produced by
these leakages represent the potential for lung

cancer.

Conceivably the most serious danger posed
by nuclear power is that of theft. Plutonium
and uranium are used as fuel for the core
reactor and if obtained by a terrorist group
can present great threats. A group with ten
pounds of plutonium could construct an
atomic bomb. the plans of which are in
libraries. Already there have been some
reports of missing plutonium —— one of which
Karen Silkwood knew about ~— that may
produce grave happenings in the future. (Can
you visualiu a frustrated activist group
obtaining plutonium. and in seeing no
prospects in politics and no alternatives other
than violence. telling the government that if
they don‘t get what they want they will kill
many innocent people at a certain university?
This of course. is a simpliﬁed prognosis. but
one that cannot be denied.)

Nuclear power is also a very expensive
expenditure. In l974. at lndian Point. it cost
twenty-six million dollars more to produce
energy than it would have from a coal plant.
(it must be noted that coal plants provide
unhealthy conditions for their workers, but
these can be improved.) It costs as much as or
more than solarenergy to produce and is more
dangerous.

I spoke to a friend. a physicist. concerning
this dilemma and he said, “To make the
nuclear plants more efﬁcient and less accident
prone. we would have to invest three times the
money and time as we do and that presently
the plants are made too quickly because ofthe

proﬁt motive of the government and
corporations." But three times the money
would economically be out ofthe question for

I

Be Kind

to your Waitress
To the Edltor: I
Tipping those who serve you isn't a thing of
the past. Yet somehow here at SUNYA.
students treat it as a novel idea. On our
campus. we are fortunate enough to have a
bar/ restaurant. The prices are reasonable, the
food better than average. and there are
waitresses available for service.
Maybe some of you take this service for
granted. or perhaps your funds don't allow
you the added ~l5 percent overthe totalled bill.
Or maybe you simply forget.
Then perhaps you can step into our shoes
for a moment. Ourjob is to some the students.
The hours are long and the work is sometimes
unpleasant. We expect that. But our job is
improved so much when our fellow students
can appreciate what it is we do. Tips are
appreciated. Please think about this the next
time you're paying for your pizza and beer.
Thanks for your help.
-— your Rathskeller Waitresses

 

. .
Latssez-Fatre
To the Editor:

With what reason can it even be questioned
whether Zehdi Labib Terzi, member of the
Palestine Liberation Organization and
Permanent Observer to the United Nations,
should be permitted to speak at SUNYA? Can
anyone believe that a durable peace in the
Middle East is attainable without considering

 

_,._ _ ‘

 

 

the PLO? If there is to be a resolution of the
Arab-Israeli conﬂict, then it must encompass
the principal obstacle towards peace, which is
the Palestinian question. The PLO. which
embodies the aspirations of some four million
Palestinian Arabs. has at least as much stake
in the destiny of the region as does the Israeli
Government. It would certainly smack of a
racist and colonialist mentality to deny the
sole. legitimate representative body of the
Palestinian people the right to speak at an
institution which purports to seek a free flow
of ideas in an objective search for truth. That
the PLO has attained observer status in the
United Nations would render particularly
obvious the exculaionist nature of pro-Zionist
elements —- who. of course. would be the ones
responsible for denying Terzi's right to speak
at SUNYA.

The question of an honorarium is a related
issue. Of course Terzi should receive an
honorarium. and it should be for 3400. As
everyone knows, speakers who have had no
more to contribute to the course of
international events or to an understanding of
them than a PLO member, and many who
have had less to contribute, have received a
$400 honorarium; an exception for Mr. Terzi
would be an unmistakable example of
discrimination. And the question ofthe PLO's
violent activities is an irrelevant one. Every
government in the world ~ and the PLO may
be regarded as virtually a government-in-exilc
— is prepared to perpetrate violence in defense
of a cause which it perceives as just; certainly
the Israeli Government is no exception to this
rule. To raise the issue of violence is to raise a
false issue. SUNYA should provide Terri's

 

 

consumers; at least at the moment. because
there are other alternatives for energy.

The pro-nuclear people emphasize the fact
that we are running out of oil and coal and
that the only alternative is nuclear energy. Yet
do they know plutonium and uranium will
also run out in one hundred and ﬁfty years,
leaving our world with an incredible amount
of radioactive gas and wastes. But we won‘t
have to wait until then. for its dangerous
effects are taking place now in Harrisburg
and may happen in Albany.

The Public Utilities Corporation. who built
the fault proof plant in Pennsylvania have
already began building, with the same
blueprints. a nuclear power plant in the Mid—
Hudson. only fifteen miles from Albany. By
I985 ﬁfty percent of the state‘s electricity will
be produced by nuclear power.

However. there are alternatives: if we can
put as much money into solar. hydraulic, and
wind energy as we do nuclear. there can be a
safer solution for the energy crisis. By the year
2000 we will run out of resources if our
lifestyles and energy plans don't change. At
this time the corporations have many millions

invested in nuclear energyand will losea great
proﬁt if they stop building plants. But what is
more Important: the loss of proﬁt or loss of
lives — our lives’! Money must be redirected.

There is a process presently in operation
called hydrogen fusion — though in its
primitive state — for producing enough
energy for the future. Solar energy. with the
proper research, can also make great
accomplishments with energy production.

We went to the moon twelve years after we
decided to go; scientists have invented
computers. inconceivable years ago;
technological growth has been enormous in
the last thirty years. So why can‘t more
humane and efﬁcient energy plans he
produced and ,carried out'.7

Are we going to wait for our children to be
born without ﬁngers, eyes. ears. or legs? You
must act now! You must think critically and
concern yourselves with this crisis. A
dangerous incident has occured that has
affected the lives of many and will affect your
lives. Are you going to let it spread around the
country like a locust’.’

It‘s your choice!

 

 

 

SEEN EIHtS gottltllhy
MOW
morgue i.

U

 

 

 

 

FEIFFER

MAMUG‘T
with GtELSU

  
 

tT  {mantra/u.

nWMWWt
i it

(ﬁll

 
 
 
 
  

        
  
  

once
5

666i! rms mutt/m.
MOVIE“ t ’i

L
A HY
ﬂMLﬁE.

    
 

 

mmmmiwq

 

 

 

 

   

 
   
 
  
       
        

 

     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

The girl sutom out from shore. .
The fish detected vibrations in the
water and sworn closer to the
source.“ mode one pass bu the
girl,turned around and with its
mouth open moved in for the liill.
The girl screamed hilariously and
then it was all over....

-.- ..e...‘;.‘

 

   

mi Mode TheList. 4 bid you?

The Most Difficult Trivict Time Ever
ScoBo

   

   

 

THAT PARTY ENDED LAST
wees:

  
   

   

l ALSO HAUE NOTUKloujt/Y
LOUU REUJFERHTIUE

 
   
 

 
 
  

The Bar Bond
Some Succeed Many More Foil. I ..

a... mi Hove The will To ﬂchiovo
Fred Recovers From Some
Soc Centerfold “cow Partying

 

Sooso

 

 

c.._._,.. a

‘1‘;

«an. M.-. .

5&5

s -- -.«....- -‘

V35 _

 

m<w~-w‘A—~w. A__,_
sw“ . ’1‘

