   
   
     
    
    
 
    
   
     
       
     
     
   
   
     
     
       
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
 
     
      
         
      
     
        
   
    
    
    
     
    
     
     
     
    
    
   
    
    
   
    
    
    
    
     
       
    
    
   

‘1331‘740

 

 

‘i'i'meI—M

.e :2...

 

 

 

torit'rnu'thnnn [07’
I joined the track team in 1972 because Bob talked me into it. He put the shot, as
they say. and i ran sprints. We were at this meet. warming up on the pole vault mats.
Bob's sweat suit had “Four More Years" stenciled on the back. i yelled out to him.
“Hey Bob, what's the story. you voting for Tricky Dicky?" l instigated.

"Damn straight." he said. "Nixon's the one."

"The one for what?" said this other guy.

   

strong. He's got the country at heart."

"Since when?"

“Since ya mother." Bob made like a gorilla to this other guy and he went pacier off
grumbling. Rob was crazy, He could pull the lids back on his eyes to freak you out. He
could also crush your ribs in a bear hug so one didn't mess with Big Bob. “Who you
voting for?" he asked me. The fact that we were three years shy of the voting age
didn't phase us. .

“Nixon I guess. why not?"

“God damn Sam. Nixon's the one." he raised a finger in the air. “Man. Nixon's
great. He's gonna blast them VC sons of bitches back to the stone age. I'm tellin' ya."
“Right.” '

“Man. the war'll be oVer in six months and then we'll run right through the Chinks
and the Reds like crap through a goose." Since we saw Patton Bob decided to become
a general. i

“What about the bomb?" says I bending over to stretch.

“Look, it's like Nixon said. man, if you can't dig the heat don't hang out in the kit-
chen. We ain't gonna use it cause it's too messy. Neither are they. The Ruskalas may
be ugly but they ain't stupid. You know who's stupid, McGovern. Most idiotic moron
there ever was."

Bob and i ran over to the team and started asking the guys (and there was one
token girl) who they were voting for. Anyone who said McGovern would get the nug-
gies from Bob.

A few days before we started the eighth grade we were watching the Olympics and
took bets that Spitz wasn't going to get seven gold medals. We saw the announcer say
something about guns and Arabs and then they showed pictures of masked guys with
machine guns on this porch. They killed these lsraeli athletes for no reason and it was
so weird. So Vietnamislr and this was in Germany. l realized that the Dominoe Theory
Miss Gold taught us about was right. The Viet Nam War was spreading.

Nixon won the election easy and i felt a little sorry for McGovern, even though he
was a jerk. A few days after the election my father lost his job. No reason, just that his
company had to cut corners and his corner was cut. He'd get up every morning like
always, make breakfast for him, me, and Mom. l'le'd read the paper silently as always.
otth instead of the sports. he read the Classified and at exactly eight fifteen he'd leave
with his hrielt ow to catch the train to go into the city where after twenty years, hem;
longer worked.

At night i lt'll anle listening to my Dad it‘ll my Mom to shut up and my Mom cry
to li,i_‘.|‘. triad l‘h;-,on i- on though. Nov. ilrr' '.‘.’:rl \v-rnlrllr-nrl soon and Hill i‘onld t i am
it Illlt .unl ntiatdhtr-n thin“. 'nil llrt’tt l l~trt'L'.. «unwrutlrurii would he luu‘

lrt‘lillt tun i‘i,i

 

“Nixon is the greatest president of the world. See, he don't take nothing. He's 

 

   

 

 

3-  r

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘ MUM-Hranan vr '~  ~ .1

“I'd like to keep the title 15 your}. the longest any man,
white or black. Not even presidents ruled that long. I'd like
that. But one must face reality. We all go down eventually.
And this makes you sad, but you always hauefor the rest of
your life, the knowledge that you were u winner to the last.
I want to go out a winner. I really do." ‘V

‘ - Muhammad Ali

 

 

. c .
by Paul Schwartz and Mike Dunne
Much of sport was taken out of sports in the
Seventies. Action that once took place on
fields, rinks, and courts were shifted to courts
of law. executive desks. and television studios.
of runs. hits, and errors grabbing the
headlines. the very concepts of organized
sport were questioned. with reserve clauses.
free agents. mergers. and anti-trust laws shak-
lngvthe foundations of once-hallowed tradi‘
tlons,

But through it all. sports not only endured.
but prospered. Droves of fans filled ballparks
in record numbers. and the performers in
those parks and stadiums displayed skills that
left their forerunners gasping. Records were
broken with powerful swings of a bat.
punishing runs from scrimmage. and high-
arching jump shots ~~ records that were
thought to be untouchable were shattered, on»
iy to be challenged and ultimately broken in
some later decade.

And the Seventies also gave us: The Doc-
tor. the Juice. the Bird. /\n ‘lceman. a
Spacernan. a Mountain Man. a Candy Man. a
Mad Hungarian. The Whopper. a Cornbread.
an Acorn. a Goose. a Cobra. a Catfish. some
Orange Crush and tr bit of (irrts lilitz. A l'iuy. a
Truck. a Tree. a Tour Terrific. and two .loes,
Broadway and Jersey. Not to mention Kong.
Pistol, Silk. Gondo. Zonk. Hollywood. Torr ‘
Tall. a Human Eraser and a Prince of Mid-Air.
A Bid Red Machine. an lilectric Company. a
Doomsday Defense, a Steel Curtain, a Sac
Puck. n Funruomc Four-awn". riulnu l"llr|)lu
People Eaters. And of course. those Cowgirls.

 

 

 
 

in each maior sport. there were trends that
either continued or developed in the 70's.
Every season ends with the crowning of a
champion. and the 70's owned some mighty
champions indeed. But overshadowing these
big winners and the big losers were the in-
dividual trends that each sport possessed.
Perhaps no sport blossomed more in the
X9705 than professional football. it was
catapaulted into the national limelight during
the 1960's by the mystique of Vince Lombar-
dl's Packers and the emergence of the Super
Bowl as a sacred event for America's growing
legion of arm-chair quarterbacks.

it was atthe turn of the decade in 1970 that
ABC's Roone Arledge gambled his reputation
by airing pro football in prime time. The result
was the circus-atmosphere of the Monday
Night Football Show featuring hated Howard
as the center of attention. The nighttime ex-
posure elevated pro football into one of the
most popular of professional sports.

in 1073 ()..J. Simpson used his slashing style
to gain an amazing Zliiiii yards. /\ year earlier
the Miami Dolphins shot down the ‘on any
given Sunday' theory by winning seventeen
straight games including their first of three
Super Bowl triumphs. The Pittsburgh Steelers
rode their “Steel Curtain" defense to three
more Super Bowl wins as the AFC dominated
the latter part of the decade.

Not content with the football minds of mere
mortals were the Dallas Cowboys. They
revolutionized the league by introducing corn-
pnlt'rs to analyze opponents' tendencies and
improve drafting methods. it prot/ed effective
as “America's Team” programmed themselves
well enough to reach Super Sunday fivcI

 
 

i
l
i
l

  

times.
Major league baseball in this decade became
a year round headline maker. Monumental
court cases which eliminated the slavelike
resi'th‘ clause and created a monstercalled the
free agent drirft kept our national pasttinte on
U

the minds its followers regardless of the

‘if‘rl‘rHIl. I
As .r result of the levurage gained by thr-
player-t tlllt‘ to those rulings along with the
rtttiflttltt‘tf on next page

  

 

 

