 

.A

 Sports

Pleasant Day is Ruined As Spikers Defeated

by Mike Dunne

The Albany State volleyball team
made a pleasant trip down the
Hudson to West Point on
Wednesday. thef'irst beautiful day of
spring. Everything was pleasant
until they began their match with the
Cadets which saw Albany lose in five
hard-fought games.

West Point has a strong team
which was good enough to reach the
semifinals of the Eastern College
Volleyball League Open Tournament

held at University Gym last
Weekend. However. the Danes
played them to a very close match.
"When either team got a point. they
earned it,“ commented Albany
coach Ted Earl.

The Albany Spikers were a little
shaky in the opening game. They
put themselves in a hole early and
couldn‘t recover. The Cadets went
on to take the ﬁrst game l5-7. “We
beat ourselves in that game. little
mistakes hurt us." said Earl.

. . W »

.6

Albany volleyball coach Ted Earl said the Danes beat themselves wltb
little mistakes in the toss to Army. (Photo: Mark Halek)

The Danes were stronger in the
second game. refusing to let West
Point's momentum overpoWer them.
Using strong middle play by Kirk
Andrews and improved serving.
Albany came out on top by a 15-8
count.

Andrews had never played the
middle before but Earl was forced to
make the switch because Fred
Askam had injured a leg. “Andrews
did a really good job." Earl said.
“especially since he was playing a
new position.”

The teams continued to swap
victories as the Cadets came out on
top 15-4. The game was marked by
an injury to Gary Becker. one of
Albany’s top hitters. He had toleave
with the score 3-3 but returned inthe
fourth games.

Having a 2-1 lead in games, West
Point seemed to let up a bit in the
fourth game and the Danesjumped
all over them. Using good solid team
volleyball. the Spikers won by an
easy 15-3 margin.

The deciding fifth game was right
up the Cadets alley. It was a hard-
fought. aggressive battle.

"We had to go right after them."
said Earl. “We felt we could beat
them; we wanted to be aggressive."

After a brief early lead of 2-0.
Albany dropped behind 9-2. With
the score 13-6 in favor of West Point
the teams battled for 15 minutes
without a point being scored.
Neither side was able to gain an
advantage while they were serving.
"We really battled with them; it was
very exciting." said Earl.

However. the Cadets finally broke
through and won the final points to
take the match 15-8.

Earl echoed a comment which has
prevailed for the Spikch this season:

The Albany volleyball team was defeated In five games by a strong
Artny squad last Wednesday at West Point. (Photo: Mark Halek)

"We played well but we lost. Wejust
haven‘t been able to break through
and win the big games. We've just
got to keep on plugging and
overcome the adversitites."

The Dtines still have three matches
remaining in which they can gain a
playoff birth. Earl is hopingtheteam
will peak for these matches.

On Saturday. Albany travels to
Rochester to face the University of
Rochester and Pittsburgh. The Roch-
ester match will be important as far
as league play is concerned.

The Danes now stand at 5-1 on tnc
year pending the outcomes of two
disputed matches with Cornell and
Rochester on March 3.

Blades, Freedom Riders AMIA Hockey Favorites

by W. B. Beeehus

The break of spring at Albany
State bring warmer weather as well
as the intramural playoffs in floor
hockey and basketball. The long
(November-March) regular season
winds down and counts out the
majority of teams. but for the
talented squads remaining the
campaign has just begun.

This Week. floor hockey gets
center stage. In the next issue of the
ASP, there will be a look at the
basketball playoff situation.

Throughout the year, the
Downtown Blades and Freedom
Riders, pre-season co—favorites.
have exchanged the number one
ranking in AMlA floor hockey.
With both teams competing in
different playoff brackets. it could be
a “poetically-justified"
championship final between these
two clubs before a convincing
decision can be made.

Captain Mike Ferrentino and
lineman George Baldwin tied for the
league scoring title with 26 points
apiece to pace the Blades to an
undefeated season while setting
league records for team offense (64
goals) and plus/minus rating (+56).
Center Andy Firestone‘s 15 points
gave the Blades the distinction of
being the only team to place three

players in the top ten in scoring.
Goaltender Bo Dailey allowedjust 8
goals in as many games while
recording three shutouts. I
Faceoff specialist Lloyd Karp (13
points) captains the Freedom

Riders. the only other undefeated.
untied team in the league this year.
Karp and Rich Heimer1e(18 points)
lead an explosive as well as physical
offense. All-star defensemen Rich
Levinson mainstays a stalwart
defense in front of goaltender Dana
Dervay.

Two other teams with pie-season

Intramural floor hockey aetlon last night.

prognostication in their favor are the
Cheap Shots and Mother Puckers.
who face each other in first-round
play. The Cheap Shots are lead on
offense by Larry Shilling and Paul
Webcl. and Bill Springer holds up
the defensive end from between the
pipes.

The Mother Packers. meanwhile.

had a typically lackluster early
season. but have come on strong to
ready themselves for the playoffs
with Dan LeBoffe and Gary
Schcctcr up front. Craig Starkman
and Tony Lou. on defense, and
quick-glove Dave Wechsler in the
nets. The winner of this game goes
on to face the two-man Running

The playoffs have begun and the Downtown Blades

and the Freedom Riders are favored to battle Into the finals for a showdown. (Photo: Mike Farrell)

Rebels. a tcamjust long enough on
ability to win a poorly~talentcd
division.

The Bruce Seidner-led Hanson
Gang will also be tough playoff
competition. With all-star goalie
Eddie Scheingold behind them. the
Gang concentrates its efforts on
offense with Seidner (23 points) and
Rick Dampf (16 points) providing
the punch. They will face the
Desparados in the ﬁrst round. who
rode the devasting point shot of
Mike Clabcaux (11 goals) into
playoff contention. Long—winded
captain Doug Gombert played close
to 3/4 of each Dcsparado game.
handling tltc tough centering chores
with case.

Uncle John‘s Band. the number
one defensive club. will face the
lltinson Gring-Dcsparado victor in
quarter-final play. The Band
allowed just seven goals this season
while forward Jeff Fay and
dcfenscman/forward Helmut Ogris
provided the twine-bendcrs.

S’l‘llickhandlcrs were just edged
otit by Uncle John's for divisional
honors. They put their money onthe
defensive abilities of captain John
Esposito and look to John
llcnnessey and Dennis Farrell up
frotit for scoring punch. A good
effort oy goaltender Daryl Haynor
could spell upset as S’l‘Bickhandlers.
5-! winners oVer l’otter Club in
round one action. go against the
Freedom Riders iii the quarter-final
round.

Racism

At SUNY A:
Four Black
Students
And Some
Varsity Coaches
Give Opposing
Points Of View

Coach Robert Ford

staff.

said.

my football skills."

I the defense better.”

.u
z

 

 

 

Lisa Newmark draws a chalk body to throew some light on the problem.
John lIurIigun acts on the light issue. I’horo: S/evr Nigru

Dippikill In Hands Of

by Ashton E. Thomas
Four black students. formerly members on SUNYA's Varsity
Football Team have been lodging complaints of racism against of

and his coaching staff.

The allegations. dased on incidents going as far back as Fall
1976 charge that teammember Fred Brewington was not given fair
opportunity to start as quarterback. that coaches treated blacks
with disrespect. awarding starting positions to less qualified white
players. and that the staff failed to recruit minority coaches and

"1 am exploring the complaints lodged against my coaching
staffand me. and 1 hope to be addressing all the issues soon.“ Ford

The four former players are Fred Brewington. Sam Halston,
Howard O'IBryan and’Leander Hardaway.
“1 was bigger. faster. quicker. and more agile than Aldrich."
Brewington said. referring to events of 1977 when Brad Aldrich
was chosen starting quarterback over Brewington.
“i worked hard at my position." Brewington said. “1 attended
every training session, and conscientiously practiced to improve

Brewington said, “it was bad enough not starting. but I got the
'runaround' from quarterback co'ach Michael Mona.”
Brewington said, “Motta told me the first week of season '77. I
would not be starting the ﬁrst game. because Aldrich could read

“The next. week, i worked
especially hard on that aspect
th'e game," said
Brewington. He added. "I
asked Motta about starting
the second game. 1 was told 1
would not start. because 1
allegedly threw more bad
pitches than Brad during
practices that week."

Brewington said. “The next
week. 1 counted the number of
bad pitches Brad and i had
thrown. Aldrich threw eleven
to mv four."

A varsity football helmet.
oer ft gel warnfalrly?

"1 again asked Motta about starting." said Brewington. He
added 1 was told 1 would not start. because Brad bad a great game

last week. The week after. 1 was told lwould not start. because 1

had lost my ability to throw.

“It was that kind of insincerity that prevented me from

performing my best when 1 did play." said Brewington.

alleges.

Motta said he does not remember the incidences Brewington

Motta said. “1 feel I have always been fair tovFred. and for that
matter. all athletes l have coached.”

continued on pageﬁve

 

‘kn‘r'v

ALBANY
STUDENT
PRESS

 

Vol. LVXI No. 17

March 27. 1979

 

 

Campus Lights To Be Turned On

by Wendy Greenfield

The 150 lights on campus that
were turned off for energy
conservation in 1974 will be re-
bttlhcd or rc-I'uscd by April 1.
according to Vice President for
Finance and Business John
Hartigan.

Httrtignn said that he had
contacted the power plant about it
week or two ago to turn the lights
back ()11.‘/\ new SA committee on
campus safety has meanwhile been
organizing ti campaign for bett'cr
lighting on campus. According to

Students

 

To Decide On Expansion Plan

this spring according to Central
(‘ouncil Chairperson Dave Ruffo.

‘According to Ruffo. Central
Council tncmber Craig Wcinstock
introdticcd the idea of a student
referendum to raise the S95.(Xl0

by Janet Shea

The decision to appropriate
$95,000 for art expansion plan of
Camp Dippikill will be “placed in the
hands of the students“. in a
r .fercndum to be presented during

State Senator RecommendsW

Resolution To Condemn SA

Senator Martin Solomon (D—Brooklyn) has issued a resolution
condemning SA for funding PLO speaker Zehdi' Labib Terri.
according to Administrative Assistant to Solomon Rich Weinberg.

“The resolution will state that Solomon is upset with SA for funding
a group that kills innocent people. Solomon realizes he has no control
over SA expenditures and can't stop SA from fundingthe speaker. He
doesn't want SA to support terrorism," said Weinberg.

Solomon will not attempt to stop Terli from speaking at SUNTA,
but will make SA aware that Solomon is not in favor of “supporting

- orism.“
lu’i‘hc resolution states that Solomon condemns SA for spending $400
on the PLO to lecture iii SUNYA. He believes itis"tippalling"that SA
should expend funds for a terrorist group that commits Violent crimes.
Solomon supports freedom of speech but not a group that “maims
' iccnt co )lt: " said Weinberg.
In[The respolultioii will he presented to the New York State Senate
sometime next week. If it is passed. “it will do absolutely nothing

except mttkc students aware of Solomon's feelings," said Weinberg.

Weinberg believes that money should not be appropriated for the
event. “If he'll speak for nothing. he can conichl understand that he
wants to express his beliefs. We are not responsible to pay him. though.
and this is not ti violation of the First Amendment. it comes toa pornt
when there must be a definition of terrorism."

 

 

— Michele lsracl

through student taxes over the next
five years.

Chairperson of the Council
Budget Committee Suc (iold said.
“ There was a general consensus that
there was not enough money for the
Dippikill expansion plan without
raising the student tax. and
therefore. we agreed to let the
students decide on a referendum."

The student referendum. which
will he released during spring
elections in early May. must have a
voter turnout of 25 percent of the
student body and oftliat 25 percent,
the majority must vote in favor ofthe
annual increase oftwo dollars in the
studcnt activity fee. If these two
conditions are met. Central Council
will be bound to channel that money
exclusively into the Dippikill
expansion projects.
Dave Ruffo.

"if these conditions are not met,
then the decision will go back to
Central Council." Ruffo claims. “We
ctin raise the student activity fee
without student approval. but we
would rather not do that; we‘d like to
set: the students make the decisions
on the referendum."

“The ceiling on the annual student
activity fee was raised from $70.00 to
$80.00," said Ruffo. "We can raise
the student activity fee $2.00 per year
over five years: this will cover the
$95,000 cost of the Dippikill

according to‘

(.‘hriirperson of the committee Lisa
Ncwniark. ll letter was sent to
llttrtigtin on the lighting problem.

So ftir the committee has drawn
chalk bodies under the lights
between the podium and the quads
to dramatize the problem. Newmark
said that next week the committee
will be putting up posters.

“There is no communication
between Hartigan. the plant
department. and the public safety
department." said Newmark. “No
group is working together. There is
no ttnitv." ,

Hartigan disagreed with
Ncwrnark. “1 walk the campus every
semester with security and student
leaders." he said.

"Within the last two years extra
lights were installed along the
diagonal paths between tuition and

Colonial Quad," according to
Hartigan. “We have ordered
overhead lights between Dutch and
the podium and spots for the park
area behind the campus center. Eight
spot lights have been installed along
the interior of the podium."
vmrrimm/ on [Mire/I‘ve

 

State University of New Vortt at Albany

 

x. ,

 

- ib79by Albany student Press Covporetlon

 

 

 

expansion.“

Ruffo explained that the average
appropriation for Dippikill in a
fiscal year is between 540.000 to
$42.000. Central Council had
proposed two methods of increasing
funds for the Dippikill expansion
before the referendum was agreed
on.
Originally, the central Council
had planned to raise the money by
taking 530.000 from the General
Fund. which is a surplus fund used
for major expenditures. SA obtained
this fund when a surplus athletic
fund was split between the SA and
athletics.

This plan was rejected because it
would ‘reduce the General Fund
form $41,000 to $11,000.“Eachtimc
this fund is depicted. there is little
chance ofrcplenishing it. We want to
hold on to as much of the General
Fund as possible." Ruffo said. He
also claimed that this plan was
rejected because it would threaten
other groups which Central Council
funds with an $11,000 cut.

Another plan was presented to
increase the Dippikill appropriation
by $19,000 with student taxes over
five years. This plan would not

mnu’mml on page ﬁve

‘I .

Dippikill seeks expansion. __
Mth mite 595,000.

 

