w

2:

~ w—e-A‘... m

 

A 125%?

 

 

 

 

 

 

.,.-.§s£iﬁiiii$imaa 

3
more ,on how 393

S 7

 

 

 

WCDB .
SPECIAL PROGRAMMING:

TONIGHT: Spectrum, - 6 PM
National Lampoon Radio Hour - "6:30 P M

SUNDAY: Blast From The Past -

Great Oldies from 11 Pm till 3 AM
MONDAY: Front Row Center - 8 PM
featuring Heart recorded live in concert

Exclusive Features only on 91 FM

Group of the week: Rennaisssnce Mon.-Thurs. at 6:30

 

 

 

k,.. N

UCB and Class of ’80 and WCDB

present

thawing”

JORMA WKONEN

$3 w/ class of ’80 Tax Card
$4 w/ Tax Card
$6 General Public
Limit I/Tax Card
Limit 6 tickets /Person

 

ithout incorporating the hype
and over-production that is
typical of today's'Iconcerts,’
Gary Burton and his quartet
performed last Friday night in
Page Hall. Burton is considered by
many to be the ﬁnest of todays

Vibraphone players.

Hy Stadlen

In a concert that was as pleasureable as
one could expect, Mr. Burton seemed to
enjoy playing for the Page Hall crowd.
This reviewer has never Witnessed a more
perfect audience, which further enhanced
the intimacy of the performance. The
group played two sets of about one hour
each and then returned for an encore, in
the concert style typical of Burton over
ast several ears. ‘

[Flyhgquartet opeiied with a standard Chic
Corea number called “Open Your Eyes,
You Can Fly.“ A good warm-up tune,
featuring solos by most ofthe quartet ina
ﬁresidejazz style, it immediately captured
the audience. The first real in-depth look
at the players followed, during
“Christmas '78,“ a new composition by
the group's drummer, Bob Moses. This
soothing ballad highlighted Tiger
Okoshi's trumpet solo. Capturing the
solemnity of a west coast, Miles Dabis-
type ballad, Mr. Okoshi sensitizedthe
audience to his soloing. The harmonious
interplay for the rest of the quartet was
subtle enough to completely capture the
mood.

After the group performed“Careful,"a

 

Jim Hall composition. all except Burton
left the stage for the ﬁrst of two Burton
solos (one in each set). A colorful and
emotional extended version of Chic
Corea‘s “Crystal Silence" left Page Hall in
exactly that state. Mr. Burotn‘s four-
mallet technique and dynamic use of
scales kept him in total control of the full
range of the Vibraphone. Demonstrating
his versatility, he produced many styles.

 

leading the audience through bubbly and
exuberant moments, as well as
melancholy periods. Burton's sensitivity

 

 

 

 

 

seemed to drift off the stage and into this
listener‘s soul.

The ﬁrst set concluded with an upbeat
tune, during which Mr. Moses had his
chance to solo. Moses, with roots deeply
embedded in the _l960‘s New York City
style, is a very reactive player and showed
his alert responsiveness during his solo
work. Polyrhythmically developing his
solo into a complex, but coherent mass of
sound, he did not once lose his audience.
While he is not an innovator on the
drums, Moses certainly contributed to
the group's improvised segments. He
frequently had control over the tone of
'the group's playing.

The second set was structured like the
ﬁrst, with a bit more emphasis on
improvisation. The conversational
quality ofthe interplay within the quartet
kept the improvised sections interesting
and “on the move." At times, the group
resembled a four-way conversation, with
each player answering the others.
Included in the set were two new Chie
Corea tunes  “Song for Gayle," and a
composition not yet titled. Additionally,
they played “I‘m Your Pal,“ a
composition by former llurton bassist,
Steve Swallow, whose absence after many
years with the quartet was notable.

Chip Jackson, a rt 22m addition to the
group, handled the bass parts
competently. However, he was unfamiliar
with some ofthe tunes, and at times had
to read off his music. Jackson was not as
free on his instrument as the others, and
during his solos was hesitant in “going to
town on it."

In summary, the performance by the
Gary Burton Quartet was one experience
that cannot be recreated on any albl-ni L
live recording, The energy that ‘one man
can put into a Vibraphone, and its effects
on an entire audience is unique, in the
case of Gary Burton. The performance
was an exhibit of Vibraphone playing “1
its ﬁnest. Ornettc Coleman once said lhﬂl
jazz “has something to do With the
creative spontaneity of the times we arc
in.“ Gary Burton is certainly u‘JﬂZlmim
who reflects positively on our time.

Gary Burton plays the vlbos

 

 

 

IHWQZEIlv-I: .- u , M-.. -.. _ _,

7. EBRUABX 16, 1979

 

should have written this article

about a year and a half ago.

In the past 16 months, two

events have transpired that

make me question the theory

behind the upcoming discourse. The

theory is this: Bruce Springsteen, Billy

Joel, and Jackson Browne are the three

biggest names in American rock music

these days, and they ought to be

compared or scrutinized since they so

richly deserve their respective positions.
their respective positions.

Richie Mermelsteln

 

 

The two events that seem to mar the
theory: the releases entitled 52nd Street
and Running on Empty. Springsteen's
most recent endeavor doesn't lend much
credence to my theory either, but
Darkness on the Edge of Town is at least
consistent with the works that brought
him to the top, whereas the latest albums
from Jackson Browne and Billy Joel are
complete puzzlers. So, I‘ll simply pay the
two discs as little attention as possible and
concentrate on other aspects of the
performers and their works.

In a time when British stars threatened
to blow American solo artists off the map.
Springsteen, Joel, and Brown arrived as
saviors. The Elton Johns and Rod
Stewarts and eventually, Peter
Framptons had gotten too big for their,
or anyone else‘s good. Neil Young and
Bob Dylan had carried the ball for quite a
while, but found their interests had
changed, and headed for pathetic movies
and intany’ble recordings. The US.
didn't have any respectable rock kings.

It wasn't merely that the time was ripe
for the three to emerge. The trio didn't
magically appear overnight, and,
importantly, didn't make a million bucks
their ﬁrst time out. Billy Joel tells us in
“Piano Man" how he toiled along the bar
route. Jackson Brown admits that he
spent years touring Greenwich Village
clubs, and when Springsteen showed up
on the covers of Time and Newsweek,
people were shocked to learn that the
“sudden smash star" had already released
three albums.

Ron Guidry will tell you how valuable
it long apprenticeship can be. Those who
work so hard for their success, and so
long, seem to appreciate it more when it
strikes. Springsteen, Joel, Browne, and
Guidry deserve their fame. "they work at

  

 

 

The Reigning Kings ofﬂoclr
'A Contrast In Styles

their craft. .

Before Springsteen does a concert, he
spends the better part of the afternoon
testing each section of the arena for
sound. Among promoters, his stand 1..
are reknown as the most stringent —— . 's
not just meticulous, they say, he‘s
outright pain in the ass. And Jackson
Browne spent two years deliberating how
to follow his lAtefor the Sky.

So, the bottom line appears to be the
amount of effort that the performers with
the already extraordinary talent put in.
Aside from this. it's hard to ﬁnd pegs to
plant in comparing the artists, other than
the fact that they all have impressive lyrics
in their song, when compared to the rest
of the music world.

Jackson Browne's talent is for
discussing big things. I'm talking very big
— apocalyptic. Somehow, he saw the
futility of some people‘s existence when
he Was still a teenager, and wrote “These
Days" in I967. Joel, on the other hand.
tells personal stories, and like
Springsteen, frequently intends the
stories to ring true for a generalized niche.
Browne sings fewer direct love songs than
the other two, and refuses to perform his
best one, “Ready or Not," since his wife‘s
suicide.

The characters in Jackson Browne‘s
and Bruce Springsteen's songs have
suﬁered. Billy Joel once visited the
suburbs and found it unpleasing, but
"The Great Suburban Showdown”
hardly compares with the helplessness felt
by Rosalita‘s lover, or Adam's friend

upon learning of Adam's death. Joel
deserves credit, however, for his empathy
shown in “Weekend Song" (“It's
backbreaking, bone-aching," working for
the same corporation with nothing to
show. and “tonight when I'm leavin' I’ll be
just breakin' even. . . "), for he wasn't as
unfortunate as the kid from Jersey who
wrote “ Factory," after watching his father
slave for two decades.

The outstanding feature in Billy Joel's
writing is the way he spews forth endless
lists of rhymes concluding most all his
lines. It is comparable only to the early
Neil Young, The lyrical quality of Joel's
The Entertainer is remarkable:

I am the entertainer. and I know just
where I stand.

Another serenader, and another long
haired band,

Todav I am the champion, I may have
continued on page 7a

   

  ass 3-...

     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     
     
   
   
   
     
   
   
     
     
     
     
   
     
     
     
     
   
     
   
     
   
      
       
   
     
     
     
   
     
   
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
   
   
   
     
   
   
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

gs:—

‘1‘

 

 

 

