    
      
    

 

 

w»-.. .1..-i.. — - .

continued from preuiorrs page

shrewdness of their money~ltungry agents.
salaries have regretably replaced statistics as
the yardstick of stardom. Marginal ballplayers
can now easily become free agents allowing
them to shop for an overzealous fan (disguised
as a team owner) who is willing to pay ltim a
great sum approaching our national debt.

On the field of the 70's was an era in which
hitters regained an advantage over their flame-
‘ throwing mound opponents. "Hammertn"
‘ Henry Aaron broke baseball's most
m-mor-blc racord when he elouted home run
numb‘aﬁ‘715 oII'AI Downing in April 1974 to
pass "the Babe".

The mustachioed Oakland A's fought their
way to three World Series. as did tlte con~
troversial New York Yankees. despite Billy
Martin's constant feuds with lacltadaisical slug-
ger Reggie Jackson and owner George Stein-
brenner.

Basketball was billed as "The Sport of the
Seventies," but it did not come close to living
up to those high aspirations. After tlte New
York Knicks used the ultimate in team play to
win the ittttial National Ba | etball Associattort
crown of the 70's. there w r. reason to believe
that basketball would takt over as the domi-
nant sport itr America. Tht. .tthletes were more
visible than football players. and tlte action
was far more fast-paced it ‘.:t baseball. But it
did not quite work out iv r larmed. Constant
battles for players between the NBA and ABA
forced salaries to soar tlte start of the
decade saw the emergence of the $100000
athlete; by the decade's conclusion the age of
the million dollar athlete was upon us. fin
no sport were the skyrocketing salaries more
prominent than professional basketball. and
the resulting rise in ticket prices left a bad im-
pression in the mouths of the fans.

But higher ticket prices was not the only
malady in professional basketball, A marked
increase irt black players irr the NBA  as high
as 75 percent. with teams like the 1070-80
Knicks having an entirely black squad left
the sport tr difficult task of selling itself outside
metropolitan areas. Extremely low television
rating forced one network to give up on its
weekly coverage of the NBA. and the Current
network covering the NBA has also met with
limited rating success. Artd the brand of
basketball that the 1070 Knicks displayed did
not catch on with the thatority of teams. turn-
Ing a typical NBA contest into “cart you top
this" offensive circus. But by the appearance
of two rookies ~ Larry Bird and Earvtn
"Magic" Johnson. both of whom made pass-
irtg an on while in college. has given the NBA
a resurgence, and the 1980's could turtt out to
be hasketball's decade if instead of having a
ball. the NBA players starts to prtss the ball.
Soccer was a sport with rto such lofty goals
at the start of the 70's. The incredible fervor
that soccer had trt other countries was not felt
nor understood irt America. But In 1075. the

 

 

, All Is Fair In Sports

 

GoiTn—g—Ali The Way

fate of soccer In America cltartged virtually
overnight. artd it was one small. quiet man
that had everything to do with it. One-of the
North American Soccer League's teams. the
New York Cosmos. shelled out all kinds of
money in order to bring Pele. recognized as
the game's greatest player. out of retirement. it
was a rrtaior coup for a league that was
flntrndering. and it assured the Cosmos of
financial and performance dominance in the
NASL. The excitement that Pele brought with
him touched all phases of American soccer. as
youth » soccer leagues hegan rivaling little

       
   

a new awareness of soccer is present. it has
not yet become instilled as art accepted
American sport. The Cosmos are able to out-
draw the two New York baseball teams. but
this is not so for other NASL franchises. and
thus soccer's status remains in a state of ltrttbo.

in trying to regain its statute as a major sport
in America. professional hockey has been
something of art enigma throughout the
decade.

Over-expansion by the NHL tn the late (30's
led to a decline lit the popularity of hockey.

Many big name stars were now forced to‘

display their considerable talents before sparse
crowds tn non-hockey cities such as Atlanta,
1.09 Angeles anti Oakland. The new tranchtses

catrsed a serious dilution of the league's talent
and consequently a greatly diminished level of
play. The NHL. without big bucks from televi-
sion agreements. was vulnerable to losing fans
especially to pro basketball. then regarded as
the burgeonlng sport of the 70's.

However. an exciting young defenseman
named Bobby Orr seemed to take on the
challenge of rejuvenating interest in the game
single-handedly. Hts brash style of rinkiong
dashes and pinpoint passes revolutionized the
role of (lefensemenr Along with high scoring.
center Phil Espostto. Orr helped the Boston

gresstveness and excitingness led to a tem»
porary resurgence for the sport. NBC corrglr
ed rip a rtational television contract and an in-
tense media blitz accompanied the Team
Canada‘Russta series at the height of the
hockey‘s shortltved comeback.

The Philadelphia Flyer's brawied their way
to consecutive championships in 1974 and
1975 but it was their “Broad Street Bullies”
reputation that seemed to again vent the err
thustasm over hockey. Fights became all too
frequent while large television markets like
New York. Chicago and Los Artgeles owned
poor teams. The NHL'S T.V. contract couldn't
overcome its Sunday competition anti. along
with hockey's’r-temporttry"conteback. was

cancelled.

The decade's two Olyntptads were quite till
ferent from each other. in 1972's Mttntth
Olympics. the peacefulness of an ()lytliph
Village was intruded upon by the harshness of
cold reality. There was a it't'tiltii.
shocking takeover. even more shocking
bloodshed. and then the finality of corresptin
dent riim McKay's words: “They‘re all dead."
Eleven people were killed in a sporting event
synonomous with a breakdown of political
demands irt order for the world‘s most talented
athletes to compete against each other. ThiS
"Munich Massacre" began what became a
Olympics of ttrrrnoil for the United States. The
USA basketball team was blatantly robbed of a
gold medal. an American swimmer had his
gold medal taken away when it was
discovered that he had used an illegal drug to
control his asthma. one of America's top
milers. .lim Ryun. was tripped up in a qualify
lng race. and (lid all he could to even finish the
distance. The 1972 Olympics was a
nightmare.

in contrast. Montreal's l‘l7tt ()lynrprr
Games saw the United States fare well in a
variety of events and their dominance in two
sports in particular rs boxing and swimrturnt

-- was astonishing. Howard Davis. Sugar liar:
Leonard. and the Spinks brothers shocked the
world with their convincing victories tttittiti'd
larger and more experienced boxers ilrurv
Jenner won himself any number of cornnn’r
cial offers with his Decathlon triumph. but
perhaps the greatest surprise was .r lliilt'
known Cuban sprinter named Alberto .lurnr
tot‘eua. who accomplished the difficult hurt «if
placing first in both the dim and S00 meter
races.

The debate of "who's number one?" muld
still be heard drifting around the t‘rititltII‘-t"~ wt
sortie of the nation's most successful milwrr
football teams. Never was the cry for some
sort of playoff setup more pronounced that]
following the 1‘l7i’l~7‘l college. football seam“ ‘
lit-fore the bowl games. Pt‘ttlt State was mni.
ed number one. with Alabama second and
USC third. Alabama then defeated i’enn H’tatn'
in the Sugar Bowl. and the Crimson Tide tln'u
assumed that they would he voted the top
team in the nation. Wrong. US also won
their bowl game. and theI Ai’ writers poll talrlt
ed them as the number one learn. with the
Lil’l coach's poll selecting Alabama. Wlttt‘li

 

 

was the dominant college football team of the
70's w Alabama. Michigan. Nebraska. Nutrt‘
Dame. Ohio State. Oklahoma, Texan. HI

USC'.’ Your guess is as good as anyotte's
()ne wouldn't have blamed the NCAA fut
conspiring against UCLA's basketball program
back lit the early years of the 70's. Their
hallowed coach, John Wooden. had built A
dynasty that saw his teams wtrr an nu
precedented seven consecutive national
continued inside itttt'h' t'tilit'i

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘

 

 

 

U tltttltttltt'tl innit i'l/Z.’ _
"Hth is not a crook. said Bob grabbing a handful of peanuts sortie of which filtereo

through his fingers to the carpet. “i admit he may not be the {nerrtest president. but
you don't understand politics."

For some perverse reason Mom decided to have a New r’ear's Eve party to kiss
1073 goodbye. Personally, i didn't think 1973 was the greatest oi years. My Dad final
ly got a job in a department store as a floorwaiker. i suppose the party was to chee
him up since he had been in the dumps lately. Christmas was the worst. instead of tht
Big Meal and lots of presents and all. we had fried chicken and i got a Cross pen ano
pencil kit. Just what i always wanted. Pitts. no word frorn Bill. though they signed the
Peace Treaty last January. i couldn‘t stop thinking about Viet Nam-Mentality. how
that war. or the inner madness of that war. was spreading like cancer. infecting
everyone. it really worried me sometimes. i stayed up nights trying to figure it out.
Watergate. What was that for a president to be messing around in? Then Nixon fires
his staff. l-ialdeman. Erlichman. Dean. whatever. i thought Nixon must be going nuts
with all those tapes and plots and whatnot. Something wasn't right. Then. there was a
strange war in Chile. And Spiro Agnew admitted he was a crook. And the lndians at-
tacked Wounded Knee. And the oil embargo. l was up on the news that year because
i thought that this was the end. we'd never make it to 1974. And. worst of all, the
Arabs attacked israel again. That. the whole school was talking about.

Sam Mobaum got real worked up about it In the locker room before football prac-
tice. "Damn." he shouted and he slammed his helmet into the locker. “i’m going over
there and shoot those damn A-rabs in the ass." Vinnie the Squid. who would occa-
sionally disappear for a few weeks at a time. wanted to take bets on who would win
the war. He said the Boys were calling it five to three israelts. Bob said we should
launch an air strike and bomb the A~rabs back into the stone age.

But there was one good point to 1973. which almost makes the rest of the aggrava—
tion worth it. 1 met. fell in like. then fell in love with Kathy Lurie. She was in my ninth
grade gym class and l happened to have played co-ed doubles badmttton with her.
We instantly clicked. but I couldn't gather the courage to ask her out. plus i was afraid
it i did and she said yes, i wouldn't know what to do with her. i mean it's different with
boys. we could break into an abandoned house. or play chess. or wrestle. So i asked
Bob. who had “his share." as they say. what to do. He said: “Look. first ya act real
polite and smile a lot. right? Right. Then ya say. ‘Hey. ya wanna see American Graffiti
at the Central?’ and naturally, she'll say yes cause that’s a fltc all girls like seein' — real
sentimental —— so ya go. and naturally ya pay for her. it's an investment ya know.
Then at a reairomantic part of the film. and ya got to do this right boy. ya put ya arm
around her shoulder. see. and then ya plant one on her ~— real easy at first cause girls
like it that way. see."

Despite this great advice i never did get the courage to do anything more than smile
at Kathy Lurie, but Just i rore people started pouring in for this really depressing and
boring New Year's E‘. r- l’arty i made out a New Year's Resolution list and right on top 1

 

 

 

wrote “Kiss Kathy Luriu." "“"“I'“'"" “" 197"

 

 

 

