   

 

Danes Look To Re

  

Albany State halfback Jack Burger carries the football durlng the Danes'
loss to Ithaca last week. (Photo: Mike Farrell)

by Mike Dunne four at-large births. These go to the
With Albany absent from this schools which the selection commit-
wcek's NCAA Division III national tee feels are the most deserving.
rankings, It appears almost certain regardless of geographic region.

that the Danes' once optimistic shot Usually a second team from each
at a playoff bid is just that — region is picked, making the
shot. distribution of teams in the tourna-

The ammunition was Ithaca's po- mcnt even geographically.
tent. high caliber passing attacl. However. if for some reason the
which shredded the Albany defense NSC believes that one region does
and led the Bombers to a 46.65not have two teams worthy of post
massacre last week. Not only did season competition. they can opt to
thedefcatdropthe Danes out ofthe pick a third teatn from another
national top ten. but it also vaulted region.
the Bombers and Montclair State This was the case two years ago
(N.J.). tltc tnystcry team of the east. when Albany was tlte sole eastern
into leading contention for the two squad selected while tltrec teatns
possible eastern spots in the NCAA from the southern section were tab.
championship. bed.

The NCAA Division III tourna- There has beert sorttc corttroversy
ment is an eight-team event which within the NCAA as to whether
begins next Saturday and cottclttdcs ettclt rcgiort should automatically
two weeks later at the Atrtos Alonzo receive two bids instead of tire pre-
Stagg Bowl itt Phoenix City. sent system of trusting the discre-
Alabamtt. tion of the NCS.

The manner itt which the teams "If you always have two tcattts
are chosen is quite subjective. frotn each area, I think you take XI

The ittitiul step will occur Sunday chance that the playoff wouldn‘t be
morning after all the teams ttrtdcr as strong as possible. It (off year)
consideration have completed their happens to every region." said
scheduled games. At that time. a William Grice. chairman of the
four man advisory committee, one NCAA National Selection Commit-
eaclt front the four regions of the e.
country —— north. south, east. west. Fred Ilill. head football coaclt at
decide whom they believe is the best Montclair State. disagrees. “I
football team ltt their rcgiort. believe the east should always send

A conference call is then set up two teams. Naturally if yott have
between the chairmen of these 1|th one region with three or four
Vim!) Couttmttces. These four men undcfcatcd squads they'll raise
CUtttprisc lllt‘ National Selection heck. but it should be set at two
('I"""""'“" lNS“). They generally front each section."

“9"”ch giving bids in the I'm” One person wlto feels the present
trimm'mm hounds ttttd then regulations are fair. yet still would

m" "cm": "" "It sclrctton of the like to see two cast teams in the

7-."

 

NCAA Playoff System L

 

by Paul Schwartz

Two questions will be answered
tomorrow at University Field when
the Albany State football team
takes on the Fordham Rams. Can

A the 64 Danes shake off last week’s

devastating loss to Ithaca, and
regroup enough to defeat a 4-4 For-
dham squad that owns a potent of-
fense but a pregnablc defense?

“At this point. it is a pride
thing,” said Bob Ford, Albany’s
head football coach. “We have to
regain a bit of lost pride from last
week's game. But rttost of our pco-
plc have character, and I will be
disappointed if we don‘t bouttee
back."

The Danes originally Itad platts to
make tomorrow‘s contest impor-
tant itt relation to their playoff
hopes. but following the 46-6 set-
baek a week ago, Albany’s post
season chattces are slim at best (see
story below). A Dane rout of For-
dham would practically be essen-
tial. and then losses by other eastern
teams in contention for playoff bids
would have to occur; it is an unlike-
Iy series of events.

The Rants mediocre record belies
their canceling-out offensive and
defensive units. Simply. the offense
can and the defense can't. While
playing a tough Division III
schedule. Fordham has registered
impressive wins over Rochester
(26-l2) Washington and Lee (27-I5)
and Seton Hall (IO—0). but has
faltered when paired with stronger
.clubs. Against two nationally-
ranked teams. the Rams were
demolished — 48-7 by Millersville.
59-" by Dayton. Last week, For-

playoffs is lloeco Carzo. Athletic
Director at Tufts University and
Chairman of the east advisory com-
mittce. “I‘ll be fighting to get two
eastern teams in." Carzo said.
“What I have to do during the con-
ference call is substantiate the per-
forrnances of each team we submit
for consideration."

In all likelihood the two schools
which Carzo will be fighting for on
Sunday morning will be Montclair'
and ltltaca.

The reason that Morttclair (7-1-1)
is regarded as a trtystcry learn is lllttl
the Lambert Bowl rankings. lottg
thought of as an indicator of
castertt football supremacy. has ig-
ttorcd thetn in each of its weekly
votes. Meanwhile. those experts
who vote on the NCAA national
rttttkittgs placed Montclttir seventh
this week.

“I don't have any idea wlty this
happens." stttted Montclair's Ilill
when contacted at his office on
Wednesday. "Last year we also had
a good cltrb yet never got any
recognition ill the Lambert."

Montclnir Atltletic Director
William Dioguardi was tttorc vehe-
rttent in his opinion of the Lambert
poll. "Tire Lambert Cotrttrtittcc is
the most political organization lll

football." Ire said.

Regardless of the conflicting opi-
nions expressed by the two groups.
Montclair can still claim an
unbeaten record against Division
III tcntns and seems to have the
backing of the NCAA eastern ad-
visory committee.

Ithaca. unlike Montclair. has
been touted highly by the Lambert

dham was defeated by Hofstra.
27-23. '

It is on offense where Ram head
coach Jack Stephans gives the
greatest amount of emphasis. and it
has paid off. Averaging 3|2 total
yards per outing. Fordham utilizes
a triple-threat backfield which cott-
tains three quality runners —
thus the Rams keep the ball on the
ground as muclt as possible.
Halfbaek Juan Pacheco (5-11. 165)
leads his team in practically every
offensive .category — rushing.
ing. and scorittg. For the season.
Pacheco has gained 597 yards in
eight games. and broke loose often
enough last week against Hofstra to
amass l53 yttrds on Ill carries. and
two touchdowns. Also a dangerous
pass-catcher. Pacheco is averaging
29.2 yards on each pass Ire has cor-
tilled.

Combining with Pacheco to give
the Rams their rutttting prowess are
Craig Miller (6-0, 21) arid Steve 7ir-
POH- Lining up at fullback. Miller
is rccordittg 5.] yards per carry. and
Zirpoli is just a notch beittg at five
yards. “All three of their backs are
excellent." said Dane defensive
coordinator Jack Siedlecki. “Tltey
are all right in the saute class as any
of the best backs we've seen. They
are definitely going to run the
ball."

Quarterbaeking Fordltatn's
multiple offensive setup is Vince
Connolly. who is 42 for 92 passing
so far this season. “He's not an ex-
ceptional passer, but he's a good
athlete." said Siedlecki. “But he's
shown us he can throw the ball a
long way."

eaves Albany Little Hopd

.
poll. which placed them fifth this
week. They can also count on a
reputation for excellence. carrying
quite a bit of weight with the
NCAA. In fact. many were surpris-
ed when they moved only as high as
eighth nationally this week after the
trouncing of Albany.

“I was somewhat surprised that
ltltaca wasn't higher." said na-
tional chairman Grice. “They have

      
  

an outstanding program year itt and
year out."

A win by the Bombers. coached
by Jim lluttctfield. wottld almost
assure the defending Lambert Bowl
champions their second straight
NCAA birth. logically that would
be a good omen for Montclair. tt
team that is ranked ahead of Ithnctt
and therefore would be considered
heavily.

Wlterc does all this leave Albany?
Apparently ottt ill the cold.

But as Albany football coach attd
Athletic Director llob I-‘ord stated
earlier this week. “We have a faint
glimmer of hope.”

'I‘httt glimmer could turn into an

group Against4-4 Fordham.

One it'rca where the Rams have
had extreme problems is holding on
to the football. Despite their other
offensive statistics. Fordham is
averaging only l6.4 points a game,
and this is due to their turnovers.
The Rams have fumbled 25 times.
which is not an inordinate amount.
but they have lost 20 of those
fumblesr which is an extremely
damagih‘ﬁ percentage.

The direction of the Ram attack
is no secret — the rigltt side. With
rigltt tackle Mitch Lahr (6-3. 250)
and rigltt guard Gactano Ricci (6-l.
260). Fordltam continually plows
over their two huge lineman. “They
are next to each other. and they run
over them all day long,“ Sicdlccki
said.

“After Norwich arid Ithaca. they
are tltc third best offensive team
we’ve faced," added Ford. “They
have a big. strong quarterback arid
three excellent runningbacks. It's
amazing that they are only 4-4. But
then. they are not a real good defen-
sivc football learn.“

The Danes face the talented Ram
offense with a severely depleted de-
fensive unit. Defensive end Matt
Brancato is still bothered with a
sprained ankle. and will not sec at:-
tiott against Fordham. Against
Ithaca a week ago, two other
members of the Albany defensive
line were injured — Steve Shoen's
sprained ankle has him as extremely
doubtful for tomorrow‘s game, and
tackle Larry Pearson suffered torn
knee ' ligaments that will require
surgery. and is out for the rest of
the season. With Eric Singletary the

continued on page twelve

t
unexpected celebration on Saturday
evening if an essential high scoring
victory by Albany is coupled with
an upset of either Montclair or
Ithaca, or if both take place tomor-
ow.

However, it is in the evaluation
of the competition facing those
teams that one becontes pessimistic
of Albany's chances.

Montclair. for instance.

_.

faces

 

4n%%\

  

   

 
 

Jersey City State. hardly a
powerhouse — they are far more
known for their-exploits on the
basketball court than on the
gridiron.

Indeed Hill is very optitnistic (an
unusual state of mind fora football
coach) both about the upcoming
game with Jersey City tutti also his
team‘s chance at tt bid.

“Jet. City is it game we should
win." said Hill. "They are not ottc
of the tougher teams on ottr
schcduic. We have a good chance
for tire playoffs if we don‘t lose.
After all we‘re the highest rttnkcd
eastern team."

 

SUN Y Schools Curbing

Student Booze Use ’

liquor. but a recent increase in ad-

by Keith Rudleh
Getting plastered. bombed. sot-

ministrat've ' -
led, smashed, I alc0holpottcte5.

sloshed...however At SUNYA, the newly

you say it. students at sotne SUNY

  

campuses are finding it difficult to
reach this blissful state. The cause
of the predicament is not a lack of

 
 
 

administered alcohol policy sets
restrictions based on the maximum
number of people who can be ac-
commodated within certain public
areas. While Student Affairs Coun-
cil berates the policy for lack of stu-
dent input. it concerns only drink-

  
 
   
 

 

 

; news FEATURE

—_.—_—_.__—_

SUNY at Stony Brook has faced
unexpected closings and decreased
hours at campus bars. as well as an
tncrcase itt mandatory identifica-
tion cltecks and-the hiring of addi-
tional bouncers. ‘

According to Statesman (Stony
Brook's student newspaper) Editor-
in-Chief Marc Scltussel and
Associate Editor Richard Wald. the
campus' four bars were closed
~ shortly after opening it) Septctrtber.

as a result of the Faculty Studcttt

Association’s (FSA) failttre to

renew liquor licenses. Apparently.

bar personnel unknowingly con-

tinttcd to sell liquor, one bar doing
Iso for Ill months before being forc-
ed to close. The bars reopened a

 

' 1979 by Alb-I1 studs! Proa- Corporation

 

Slain University. of No- Yodt It AIM"!

 

 

 

 

ing dottc at on-campus parties:

1

 

  

 

 

 

Alcohol and attitudes: Bin hamton,

 

   

Stony Brook face issues

Policies, pubs, parties and passibilitiar

month later.
Stony Brook administrator John
Songster apparently failed to rcttew
tltc licenses. although ltc ittforrncd
FSA ttnd campus httr employees he
had done so. It was discovered only
after Songstcr left the university
that ltc had rtot acted on tltc issue.
According to the editors,

_ Songsler may have been working

within tltc guidelines of ad-
ministrative alcohol programs.
Ilowcvcr. he allegedly disappeared
after ltisdeparlurc and could rtot be
tettcbcd for qttcstionittg.

In addition to license problems.
explained the editors. one but was
required to construct a fire door
before being granted permission to
reopen. (.‘otrccrucd students joined

  

n

efforts to build the door iii one
night. Storty Brook's Kelly Quad
Coffee House apparently had its“
locks changed in an adminstrative
effort to close tltc establishment.
Claiming administrators were
ruitting tin-campus life. Stony
Brook students protested and
argued that their maitt activity was
continued on [)llﬂt'ftllll‘

 

     
 
 
 
   
    

 

Anti-Rape Meeting Held

Students Discuss Strategy

by Marie Cortlssoz

and Charyl Taubner

‘ 'Qv'er loo women joined forces
. last‘nigltt to combat the ongoing
sexual attacks in the heavily
student-populated Pine Hills sec-
tion of Albany.

Representatives front SUNYA's
School of Social Welfare. Off-
Campus Association (OCA). Stu-
dent Association (SA). Middle
Earth and the Feminist Alliance.
discussed radical approaches for ac-
tiott on the issue.

A recent rash of rapes has oc-
curred within the areas bouttdctl by
Lake Avenue. Bradford Avcnnc.

 

 

ALBANY
STUDENT
PRESS

" November .13,” I979

  

 

said if female students cannot take
advantage of night activities
without fear of being alone, “they
shouldn't pay.”

The possibility of a student sit-in
was suggested as a vehicle to inform
administrators of problems in-
cludlng poor campus lighting, a
linrited escort service, and a

reportedly inadequate bus service.
The sit-in. which would be held at
the Administration Building. would
attempt to raise campus and Albany
eotrttntmtty awareness.

Plans fora 'Take Back “11’ Niglrt'
march. were introduced by
l-‘ctninist Alliance member lattice

 

). .' . ‘ t t I -' “ ' '

ldrltldgt Sim-l. dml Moms line. the march, which will take
_ _ _ u . . . H - ' -

Avenue. lllt. ‘studenl ghetto place III the near luturc. mvolves

Whch "Hilly SUNYA hllldCHl-‘i organizing tnasscs of people who

rest c.

will walk through the streets, stopp‘
ittg at sites where attacks and la; us
have occurred. Fine sttid tltc march
would alert tltc community as to

where the danger zones lic.
SUNYA I’olice Detective Jolttt
Coleman informed womett of tire
Student Escort Service,. consisting
continued on page fiveI

The meeting. held in tltc Cazttpus
Center‘s off-campus lounge. was at-
tended was attended by 100 wotnctt
who expressed anger and concern
over living irt fear.

English Professor Judith l’ctterly
suggested women withhold a por-
tion of their tuition attd fees. Slte

ii in! “

Photo: Mike Farrell

   

SUNYA wornert discuss escort service, lighting. buses
"Take back the night " march planned to voice concern over downtown rapes -

Brubacher Hall Is The
Site Of Another Attack

A legally blind SUN‘t'A student was attacked near Alumni Quad's
Brubttcher llull early Wednesday night. Due to a lack of witnesses.
the assailant escaped before ltc could be identified.

A recent rush of tapes has occurred itt tltc l’ittc Hills “student
ghetto." located in the vicittity of Alttutni Quttd. Attacks have bcctt
reported in the area bounded by Lake Avettuc. Bradford Avenue.
l’tttttidgt- Street and Morris Avenue.

'l he victim. who preferred to remain anonymous, claims she was
:tllitckCtl from behind. tts lter assailant jumped frottt bttsltcs between
llrttbachcr and Saylcs Halls. The incident occurred shortly after ii
p.m.. after the victim left tt SUNYA bus at Partridge Street and
Western Avenue.

While the girl was not sexually molested. University Police believe
that the incident may have been a mugging attempt.

The Iltnhttcltcr resident believes the assailant “doesn't sound
anything like“ the alleged rapist. “It doesn't seem likely that he

 

;

 

 

continued on page twelve ‘

 

would attack sotttcortc iii a highly populated area.“ The student can
only distinguish colors and blurred shapes.

Although the attack occurred on city property. the case is being
Lhandlcd by SUNYA police. . — Michele Israel

llrulirreher "all, part of the downtown complex
A blind woman was attacked in another of a series of Incidents. .

 

WWW“ . . l r .

       

 

 

 

 

l
l
I
Z
l
l
i
l

 

 

