.n .ﬂ...,..,..._...._... we” ._. -...--...M-_.-._. .-..-.......sg..~.w~.-ﬂ_» - ——-—-

 

 

 

 

then alerted Mafia buddies to kill June 1978 on g

‘ VWW'

.a.’
v.--»

r
' i
l

l
l"
'.l
.i

 

 

Frank Bompensiero stepped out for
a stroll near his San Diego home.
He never returned.

in the head and neck with a
.22-caliber gun.

Police found his body in a pool
of blood. A chewed-up cigar, his
trademark, lay beside him. They
called it a gangland slaying, identi-
fying Bompensiero as li known
mobster.

But insiders said he was
something more — a mobster who
had turned informer for the govern-
ment.

Tuesday, in federal court, ﬁve
men who knew “The Bomp" go on
trial on racketeering, extortion.
obstruction of justice. and con-
spiracy charges, which include the
killing of Bompensiero.

in an unusual move, the govern-
ment identiﬁed all ﬁve defendants

' as members of the Los Angeles

branch of “La Cosa Nostra,” the
Mafia. ,

Their trial, the product of work
by the government’s Organized
Crime Strike Force, is seen as the
most important Maﬁa trial to reach
the courts in recent years.

Bompensiero’s legacy may bqthe

glare of public scrutiny. The trial
will focus on the Mafia migration to
California over three decades — a
history of extortion. murder, and
terrorist tactics which led‘ to mob
control of the' "enormous [West
Coast pornography industry.

The historian the government is
banking on is their star witness, bill-
ed as the most important Maﬁa in-
former since Joseph Valachi spilled
his story to the McClellan Rackets
Committee on national television in
1963;

to have turned informant when he
heard the mob had issued a
$100,000 “contract” for his execu-

organized crime-related trials in
New York and Las Vegas and has

The 65-year-old Fratianno began
his criminal career in Cleveland but

of two Cohen associates. He recent-
ly said he was their killer.

him. Court documents say the mob
believed Bompensiero had inform-
ed on Fratianno in a pornography

Those indicted are known
kingpins in California organized
crime: Samuel Orlando. Sciortino,

Their indictment is the second in

U.S. Attempts Rescue Of Bighorns

WHITE SANDS MISSILE
RANGE, N.M. (AP) Pilot Tim
Wallis skirted the cliffs of the
desolate San Andres Mountains,
looking for movement below. In the
rear of the helicopter, Colin Yeates
cocked his gun and ﬁred, casting a
billowing orange net over his target
— one of the last ,surviving Desert
Bighorp sheep in New Mexico.

"We got it." Yeates said in a gut-
tural New Zealand accent.

Yeates and Wallis, another New
Zealander, have donated expertise
acquired from trapping red deer to
what state Game and Fish Depart-
ment ofﬁcials are calling one of the
most dramatic wildlife rescue
operations in history.

The sheep are being captured for
treatment of a mysterious scabies
epidemic which is threatening to

‘ few weeks," he said Sunday.

disease.

The mites have been identiﬁed as
a variety that officials thought was
eradicated from the United States
decades ago. But the insects. the
size of a grain of salt, reappeared in}
nearly 75 percent of the state's
Bighorn herd.

GFD official Walt Snyder
estimates only 70 sheep remain of
the 250 that once roamed the cliffs.
He said officials hope to capture up
to 50 percent of the sheep before
cold weather decimates the herd.
one of several in‘ the Southwest. l

"Our vets looked at them and
said if they were left alone they pro-

as the disease. Three sheep have
died of the stress of capture.

“The whole rescue capture is
stressful to the animals," said
Snyder. “it's bound to have a
traumatic effect on them."

The New Zealander's part of the
mission is to trap the sheep long
enough for a second helicopter to
swoop down, tranquilizc the
animals and airlift them out of the
barren White Sands Mountain
Range for treatment.

jurors had read and discu
ncwgpapcl’ stories about the ca “w
Eight months later, when “I

[riggcrlllﬂll ill Bolnpcusicm‘s till~
ing. had died during liclirt singer)
LO ciccm, who had been nillllctlai

The team of lawyers defending
the five men are expected to siren
two points — that l-‘rlrtirulno, a
killer and stool-pigeon, is an un.
trustworthy witness, null ilith in:
wrong men were arrested.

As evidence they cite it nor:
found in the trash oi" Milllil lignrc
Joseph “Joe llanlillns" lionnnno
Sr. in Tucson. Ari/null. The note,
found five days after Bompensiero
died, was written ill Sicilian and
said: “Cali Turi. l’.M, TL'llTllll—
Thursday night. With
semiautomatic gun short 22. That
doesn't make noise.” liunanno's
son, Salvatore. is known illiTllIl.

Bompensiero wns killed one
Thursday night with it .ZZ-Cﬂllhti
semiautomatic. Authorities said
they couldn’t tell it. the note var
written before or after the killing,

 

bably wouldn’t survive more than a

But the treatment can be as fatal

 

‘lrlry New {Mglm's urge“ he'd E Born To Run Born To Run Born To Run?

0 t e majest c esert B ghorns. ‘ - E

The epidemic is caused by mites 5 The Lisa Galdberg Radio?
that burrdw under an animal’s skian Show Tomght at 7 to 9:” '
and feed off in blood serum. Thel—pJ‘n. on WSUA-AM 640‘
hide will fester and peel off, making any 0; may any 0; urog ling oi U109];
the animal susceptible to cold and '

Community Organizers '

ACORN nvctls organizers to work with low mid inodirrrni- nu llllll‘
l.illli|lus iii‘l‘) slates (AR,SK,TX,LA,TN.MO.FL,CO,NV.i‘/\,l/\.()K,
MI.AZ.NC,GA:SC,CA,C'T) ltir political and economic liistli l‘
DIH'CI action on lll'lglllx‘lllltxld deterioration, utility Idll'S.

ltlxi's. Ill'dllll my". redlining etc. Get ll job that makin-

rlirlngo. Long hours, low pily~lfdllllllg provided.

Contact Career Planning & Plucolllunt inr interview NUVI'I'llii’l
26 or write Kaye Jrlcgcr, ACORN, 4M Lorh St., Syracuse, NY ltmt

(315)476 5787.

 

 

 

 

m

 

 

 

Twenty Years Ago

STATE COLLEGE. news,

 

Dippikill

probably never get there. When a student has a free week—
end he probably can’t get a group of his friends together
to go out and “commune with nature." Chances are he
would rather sleep, catch up on back work, or go home.
He can see beautirul scenery along the Thruway on the way
home and the food at home is better!

Why not sell Dippikill? With the northway going
through the land ten miles from Dippikill, we shouldn't
have to take too big a loss.

What to do with $40,000 or more? Surplus is easily

spent as we all realize. (Going home for Thanksgiving or
money?) There must be some area up near Thacher Park,
within an hours traveling distance of school where we can
buy a camp site. This could be used by more students and
would be within traveling distance for the almighty Greeks,
sororities and fraternities being the main interest of most
individuals.

You can all laugh but why not give SUB more money
for dancers. More students derive enjoyment from them
than the number of students enjoying Dippikiil.

Somewhere I picked up the rumor the Dippikill had
become the hangout of a select few and outsiders weren’t
welcome. Nice! Let’s invest more of our money for some~
one else’s pleasure. The principle—it is better to give than
to receive—can be carried too far!

MT.

The Governor Travels

We have been noting with increased interest the ac-
tivities of our Governor in the past few weeks. We feel that
although New York State has seen very little of its chief
administrator, he has been justified in making these trips
out West. Rockefeller is deﬁnitely an excellent possibility
for the presidential nomination. But we think that he has
many barriers to break down before he can ofﬁcially de-
clare himself a. candidate. RC G

 

 

Sl-ou'i‘sumas-

.-I'ldolllll-aloallal'woalocal-aall...anann.ldu{

E HQG is entitled to one free ticket. Time and

continued from page three
have supported the Alliance's ef-
forts. The Albany chapter of

prohibition of discrimination.wlth
regard to sexual and affections]
preferences" and “urge (O'Leary)

This is for news and sports:

The University Senate has issued
a resolution to O’Leary condoning
the policy change on the grounds
that “the rights and privileges of
human beings should not be infr-
inged upon due to individual deci-
sions about sexual 0r affectional
preferences."

“We have support from different
parts of the university" said Robin-
SOIL

Many other schools have already
instituted policies protecting gays
and lesbians. Refusal by a SUC
Geneseo professor to teach thrcc
lesbians led to the establishment of
an anti-discrimination policy in the

v college. Other schools including

Harvard. Cornell. UCLA, Berkley,
NYU, the University of Michigan.
and the University of Pennsylvania
are among those schools which in-
sure protection against gay
discrimination. The SUNY Stony
Brook policy includes a clause that
prohibits discrimination because of
"personal characteristics."

The SUNYA Gay and Lesbian
Alliance is both determined and op-
timistic about their movement.

“if, after all of the pressure from
various groups. President O'Leary
does not go through with the policy
change, we will conduct a massive
drive including demonstrations and
widespread publicity until universi-
ty policy is amended." said Robin-
son.

I ,
g: l i” V V _ ' _ ' ‘ ' u l

 --  '  u . ‘ o  in the Bompenssequﬁaslea.°;;af' ahaclase long-stalled l, pm a! _, , _
 u 0’ I I ' 0. " ' .he ure “ c c en ._ ., ‘n' ' - . . '

Y Big-     !  iguanZIizhl booth near his home: first inﬂiilsgni[CChnMIH'?5- Tll '   Backs GayAlli'ance

Robinson stressed that the
change is important because gays
and lesbians are not protected by

i g ,
u . - I

‘ i ' ed Gr ' Inf rmer Since Valachi
. ' . . , tl .
ii ' -‘   A8  o extortion case. i ' were rc-mdlctcd on similar utilirmm unned uni“th mecmons sub' law'
it ' v . . There are varylnsifeport: or 1:151 one defendant was missing m r ESTABLISHED' MAY 1916 ' mitted a letter to President O’Leary “Right now, New York State law
t . . ‘ . . _ ' ' 'r in the who Fratianno has "18cre 3‘ e ' ;' statin that it “endorses extension '
i’ :3 LOS ANGELES (AP) On a wrnter Fratianno, who has been in pro pleaded guilty to‘ComPhCI Y ’ n in the killing. He is ex_ Thomas Riccimf 47 I ' : BY THE CLASS OF mm f mi!” _ .t t Alb ' u states that gays are criminals. Times
'l  evening almost three years ago tective custody for two years, is said Bompensiero slaying. triggerma , i I. . angina“). 0 _° "IYCI'SI Y a unit} an - and attitudes have changed and the
‘ ' ' ' pected to name names at the trial. named by the government as lht November 20. 1959 discrimination policy to include laws must also be changed with

them. it is a fundamental part of
civil liberties and educational
freedom.” he said.

“The time has come" he said.

I I r ' ' ' l ' nno was v d west in the 19405 and V .
‘1], ‘ Bo’llgiSetnSiréilgjhth‘szimlg.’ 11162:; :;(;,Iilr;gThfg b313,? grow: fellow ligature a protege of Los Angeles 59; Dominic Phillip Brooklier, 64; driver of the geiliWﬂy car, nno ‘ Why has State’s biggest white elephant become a dark to adepy State University ‘3‘
i 5 man known to his associates as mobsters for money. mobster Mickey Cohen. He was ar- Louis Tom Dragna. 58; Michael underwent heart siiigcrybtltsinin. ‘ horse that may Pu” thlough‘ why 3:18 50.1“: people here Albany 3 poncy w conform wnh “we have wwedalong’longﬁme'
l l “The Bomp ” was shot four times Fratianno has already testiﬁed in rested but never tried in the murders Rizziiello. SI; and 109k L0 Clccmr Cd:  at State SUddenly Wﬂm’mg to keep Dippikm- ""5 P°5lll0n Md ‘0 lend inﬂuence This is the beginning ofa whole new
i ' 66,  Granted, I've never been there, but what's more I'll to securing an improved policy civilrightsmovement.”

{1. throughout SUNYA."

Sex With
Laughter

SYRACUSE, N.Y. (AP) When Sol
Gordon started passing out his sex
education comic books at the New
York State Fair in I971, he drew a
lot of opposition.

But the international publicity
Syracuse University professor
received backﬁred on his conser-
vative critics. Gordon's book has
since sold 4.5 million copies and,
Gordon now teaches the most
popular class at Syracuse Universi-
ty.

“As a result of the ban we
became internationally known,"
Gordon said. “We were thrilled. I
became famous."

Gordon has used that notoriety
to become a highly sought-after lec-
turer. a successful author and an
outspoken proponent of birth con-
trol, abortion and sex education.
The Brooklyn native um I coul-
binatlon of humor and shocking
statements to defuse the topic of

Testing C orps.
Revision: ,

mminuerl from page one

measure for graduate schools to
use. Graduate schools are going to
be forced to start admitting
students on very subjective
grounds," he said.

Nile“? Alladinadames "Jimmy v ‘ r ‘ s ‘ p Y ‘ '

its....i:':::2:r:.::a: h I A I In 1 MI! I b s . d     

ed to involvement in ii gangland BEHINd rlir Wesrenu Ave. 433,60“ :piace to be announced (happy bll‘th aY)- ave-(rinses uses to b‘C‘EOOd ZbJ§CIII1Ve
DU‘NkIN .DONU rs ‘ . s..........................".-...."nun..." thirsktgtswrdcclciiilt‘$260512};

 

4

executions since the l940s.
“Although there's no way at all
“ to excuse some of the things he‘s
done in the past, Mr. Fratianno‘s
commitment is a sincere one." said
«1 - James Henderson, chief of the
Justice Department's strike force.
t3 Fratianno has been promised a
maximum of five years behind bars

tive measure. too.

"Anytime you reduce the
number of valid objective
criteria."lie explained. someone
suffers.

“We‘re not giving grad school
admissions boards much to go on
when we eliminate the only standar-
dized testing. " he Silltl. “So they're

 

Shoes rolls Sports r r
‘ Al the Top Basketbal Shoes
, Monday through Friday 12—st , shursayltu

' IS MISSING!

That‘s right Manhattan is missin for u stat
, t e .
York college students when you retgm to your LgiiegW
lslandhomes vra Greyhound. Now you can schedule
trips direct to any one of eight Greyhound suburban

   

  

STUDET

 

 

   

 

 

 
 

 

 
   
   
 

 and a new identity if he ﬁngers ,
n. B  .. . _
 -v r.f'"£f§i§'°.ioi‘f'°2h“"2.ii"i” S‘a‘msmmr‘g's'and DISCOUNTS mm mammarsz mm
4‘ Mafia. ‘" “m” Greyhound to miss Manhattan when you go to i “W Nahum-‘3’ F0“ “*"mp‘c' “C
\Y Hempstead» Queens VillageI  Hicksvme TIGHT BUDGET? We can help! Our pﬁceg said “when it grad school sees the
 HUNtlngtOn Station, Massapequa Ba  ’ are all low discount prices, and you 7 I . Ellie 0‘: A fifth: llétlfUNll/A “Nd
,’   Riverhead ' y ore or will love our selection.  “)‘i‘l:;air‘_ ‘80::22; gleuusmuzg? 
‘ D' i SCOUNT to students...10 percent D ’t I t 4 f  _  ., , ,

IS GFGYhOUnd S reaso - EXTRA DI on 9 years 0 C0 eye need standardized tests so students

CCU nt nable fares make 90mg home EXTRA off on your purchases of film. paper, so by the board‘- from schools across me "mien can
corripete successfully."

   

and chemicals.
Come visit us...We're nice guys!

, easier on the bank account And ' '

w . if ou re ca

SU N 32 I D it‘ggngitgv‘l/igif/grigiganuarg Dad prepa¥r the tickgtgihtiggrn’
: . I ' ' Greyhound station. p your nearby oouege

3': R G C 80 if you're headed for your Long Island home and

   

You worked hard in college: but, so has everyone also who's
taking than tom. What you need is an edge. Our test
praparallnn cums“ can bis that edge.

John Sexton Test Preparation course: altar you d/srlner ad-
vantages In preparing for those all Important rests:

   

Cortland Press
Resumes

 

 

- OBut. most rue-lit materials 0Counullnn _
(continued front page one

 

   

    

 

   

   

    
 

   

. you want to miss M h t

p an attain remem ‘ ~ 0 ' " "l l
H g}  way to  there and back again ber Greyhound '3  ‘ . 'rsm'il'l'iiniiliéri'" .i :L'i'lﬁ'l'li': la" in Cortland to accompany the in-
r, . R Check your telephone directo f5, * ( ', ~ I  ' dramatists"    

u ' ' . ' ' ‘ ii
I utlka Gold Creations Greyhound representative. ry your neanSt . - - .Puctloa mm: o LSAT/GRE/GMAT cram. "md “new” Fur‘l‘fim‘orc m"
Fine Jewe'rylcustom New Fanning paper would not be assured of a
Deal "8 . .- Campers) John Sexton Course ‘advanrapar with OM!!! than large enough pmdummn 5m” to

g \77 r u  ' - ' l l. r' I I0! infaimarion call I mmdlc lc cxm‘ loam"
“M W - ' ' ,. ..-.  Faricelliti said The Press re-
‘(A./\WT i - ’

  I , I I I I  l I  v quested riid from tlle college com-
. ~ . r 7 , I l. M  lmillity. “We knew we couldn't

   

solve the paper's problems without

so cnrvuoiiiln

345 Main Street
And leave the driving to us.

Huntington N.. 11743
(516) 427-7674

TEST PREPARATION CENTERS
help. Since the last issue, The Press

8 6 _ 7 4 ' c has improved i| great deal," she lid-
‘ t ,_ ‘ U , tied. 3

PAGE EIVE

   

CLIFTON COUNTRY MALL 371-0812
WOLF ROAD SHOPPERS PARK 459-4308

./

      

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT unless

 

MWI.‘H!E r7. '
V R 20’ H I NOVEMBER 20. IMO

\I II ‘iN'Y Q'l'l ll)EN’[' pn‘qsc‘v _ ,mmw, 
't’ \(ih i' V ‘

 

