 “WWW: :

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

On te 'Keny Syndrome

Part Tiiiio

by We: S. Me! A

It‘s almost certain now. Barring any sudden
‘improvements in the , country's economic
situation (and few predict such an occurenee).
Senator Edward M. Kennedy will challenge
President Carter and California
Governor Jerry Brown for the democratic
nomination for President.

Infect. Kennedy stated a basis for a ﬁnal
decision is somewhat ofa paradox itself: be
:laims that he will run only if the economic
picture fails toshowsigus ofimprovcnient. Of
course. since the country is just slipping into
recession. even Carter‘s most optimistic
economic forecasters see little improvement
until mid—I980. By then. according to his
indications. Kennedy will be deeply
cnlrchlled‘in a primary battle with a sitting
incumbent and anyone else who decides tltat
Carter is vulnerable.

With Kennedy then. almost Certain to make

a run for the nomination, it may be prudent
to examine his chances of wresting the
nomination from Carter through a long and
tough primary season.’

As with most presidential cand‘ ' .tcs lstich
as Ronald Reagan) Senator Kennedy has
begun to moderate his public pronounces
ments on the issues ofthe day. While on the
sidelines. Kennedy was a forinidabl. critic of
the Caner Administration and an outspoken
voice of liberalism. Now that he is a "real"
candidate. not only will he he forced to speak
out on all the issues (not ju. the ones of hit
choosing. like National ilt‘lllil Insurance).
but he will also have to heed the conservative
mood of the nation. bationnl Health
Insurance is Fine when dihCiI~‘-'. ti in platitudes
and generalities. but when c.t:i.iiiiicd in detail
with the full cost becoming -.‘titit.‘ttl. then and
onIy'thcn does it run into problems.

Strangely enough. the Senator tinds Iault
\‘ith few of President Carter‘s programs or

'oals. Rather the Senator complains that the
rountry lacks direction. that iite decade nl the
'stl‘s; calls for a new type of aggressive
leadership (echoes of Jack Kennedy and the
oil‘s). This. the Senator professes. is his true
eason for seeking the nomination.

The question remains. though; (3m .
.ennedy. who is almost a tolk hero in
American politics. withstand the scrutiny and
dangcf of a full-fledged presidential
:ampatgn'.’

Kennedy's shortcomings and problems an.
WClHnOWn- Chappaquidick may still be an

issue despite Republican candidate Baker‘s
avowal not to make it one. Whether the
rehashing of that tragedy so many years later
will hurt Kennedy is still unknown. Most

polls indicate it will not. but onlytimc will tell. ‘

His other problems. such as his expulsion
from Harvard. or his troubled family do not
appear to be very damaging to his candidacy.

There is however. the always present danger
of assassination. Kennedy historian James
WacGregor Hurns has urged the candidates to
avoid political macho.“that is. to forget the
handsliaking toursund instead concentrateon
getting tlte real issues to the citi/enry through
the mediii. Kennedy shoWs no signs of fear.

itnnigh. While security surrounding at
Kennedy ctititpaigit would he extremely tight.
an assassination attempt cannot he cottiilCtl
out. How this specter uoiiltl effect it
campaign remains to he st‘c‘tl.

, All this is not to say that President (‘artei
plans to step aside and welcome Ted Kennedy
to the oval ofﬁce. On the contrary. Carter
insiders insist that the President will fight to
the linish. through every last primary. for
eyeiy l.ist delegate. Still. House Speaker 1 ip
()‘Netll expressed the feelings of many
dctuociats \then he stated that the party
cannot deny the nomination to Kennedy if he
wants it. II' we recall that O‘Neill was one ol
('nitei 's sitiiiiichesi congressional supporters.
we reali/e the deep trouble he's in.

What all this poricndsisa longand iiitluoiis
campaign on both ends ol thc political
spectrum. and may indeed portend a reluritot’
"(‘nntclot".

Faux Pas

To the Editor:

The below signed members of the
Accounting faculty of SUNYA ﬁrmly belieye
that freedom of speech must be Euﬂfﬂm‘i'd '"
a free society and that if a University is to
achieve its goals it must be at the frontiers tn
guarding against any implied infringement of
such freedoms.

However. even considering the importance
of free speech. we' ﬁnd it astonishing and
repulsive that the AS‘I’would see fit to publish
in the Personals section a death threat against
anyone.

We believe that the person who wrote the
classiﬁed ad informing Professor Bonawitl
that "...you're a dead man" was cowardly and
irresponsible. We also wish to express otir
disgust with the ASP for printing the thretit.
Bruce Oliver - Associate Professor and
Accounting Arca Coordinator

John V. O’Connor - Associate Professor
Harold l.. Cannon - Associate Professor
Donald F. Arnold - Associate Prolcssor and
Director of (iraduate Accounting
Enrico l’etri - Full Professor
Roland A. Miitcli - Associate Professor
.Iel'li'cy l.ippitt ~ Lecturer
Ilrticc R. Neiimaiiii - Associate Prolessoi
i‘l'CliL‘l‘lCls‘ IE. .loi'tlcit v Associate I’t'olcssot
Frank W. Kolmin - Full l'rolessor
Donald I). Ilottiquc - I-till Prolessor
.u‘igdish S. (iangolly - Visiting Associate l'l'tli‘.
'lhr Iii/florid! .t/ti/I' o/ Illt' Alhmir .‘s‘liirli'IiI
I'i'ess iris/it's In iI/tii/ogin' III Iii/I [or um lim/
lee/tugs or t’Hl/ifll'l'll.\.\Illt‘lll i‘tltttt't/ iii our
llt't'l'.\i_t{lll. A review 0/ pith/it'tilioii [ill/It‘l‘ lms
Ilt't’ll Him/t- to insure l/ltll Illt‘lI/l'HM .tllt‘ll in I/Ii.\
ml] in»! occur in Ilit-gliiliirt'. - The Ifiltiiir.

lngrates

To the Editor: ‘
A recent experience at Stuyvesant Pia/a has
prompted me to write this letter.

On Saturday morning. September IS. I
rode my bicycle to Stuyvesant I’la/a. with the
intent to buy some photographic ﬁlm. Mytwo
suitcmtites also rode with me to do their own
business. Returning to meet me again. they
were riding their bicycles on the sidewalk and
were chased oil by the security guard. They
rode into the vehicle lane and then returned
to the sidewalkdin front of the store wherel

 

 

 

was unlocking my bicycle from a pole. The

 

 

guard. meanwhile, hail swung around for a
|;—‘

second “attack run:" and again yelled at‘us to
get off the sidewalk. Weldid so. but in su'ch a
hurry because oftbe guard‘s malevoleiit'yrnc.
that I was unable to fully control my bicycle
and was nearly strUCk by an oncoming run
which was travelling much too fast for
parking lot trafﬁc.

Although I was able to escape collision with
the automobile. I nearly struek cheral parked
vehicles in the process. When I regained
control of my bicycle. l was shaking and
impulsively shouted: “That's the last time [do
business here!" The guard. who had gotten
out of the carto physically remove uslrom the
sidewalk (had it been necessary) yelled back.
“Good. we don‘t need you damn kids!“

Don't need us. huh‘.’ It is my feeling that a
major portion of the Stuyvesant Plara Busi-
ness comes from the SUNYA community,
Without us. they would probably find it very
difﬁcult to turn a proﬁt.

The guard‘s great lack of concern lor in“
high speed parking lot traffic antl his
obsession with clearing the sidewalks oi
dangerously locked bicycles is htiua ‘.lllglL‘
example of the lack of concern and
cooperation that the Stuyvesant Plant hiisi.
ncss community has shownin dealingvviththe
SIINYA consumers. We were riding tllli
bicycles with the concern of saving energy I\\t.'
could have driven our car) anti icducinp
parking lot congestion. The lack ol Iilt‘lilllt‘s to
accomodate bicycles illustrates the |)[)tt‘illi_\
iiiiiotiiohile~niitidcd attitude that is all too
pl'L‘\ilit‘lll in suburban shopping centers
dttriiig these times ol acute eneigy
Ctlllht'lllll‘llk‘hh'.

Not only does Stuyvesant Phi/ii lat-l.
adequate ltictlttics. they apparently no not
pcimit the riding of them on thesidcuiilk oi III
the \chiclc lanes. From now on. we will make
the slightly longer ride to Colonic ('ciitci .iiitl
Noi‘tliuiiy Mall. botli of which protnlc
Iticilities to acctitnotlatc bicycles. We lccl |il.ll
riding the L‘.\il'il distance will be \\tillll Iitv
cll'ort. both for otir safety aritl in mute protest
ot the .iiclttiic and restrictive attitudes ot IltL
Stuytcsaiitl’hi/n Shopping Center.

Scott .\ti\tlit

Trusty Buses

To the Editor: '

The University bus service has always ltzid
its problems with sehedttliitg in the past bill
they still provide the students with some good.
free transportation. essential to many off
campus students. However. I must espress my
feelings about a recent unpleasant episode
that I endured at the hands of the iiitainotis

‘ SUNYA motor pool. Friday. Sept. 7, I had

 

 

 

 

 

W1 THE
AWAle WM:
GKillﬁ lb do

How slack!
1. 2. 3. 4.
erratic

 

 

IOHITE M055 §TAFF

aces this pagan have the 1
e ' '
ite/sle we hired to do? _ ..

grills.

. . naive

Can l'hiégfersort a SUme
more r panstbtli (j?

 

 

 

 

Rate this person's Pollfic'al

2. 5. 4. 5 e.

savvg

9

How avoid at) fer“ a this
Person; I F11 charac i2

(For mm; 5, hostile, smap
aqqiessw ,

abdki the Slol Fillea but this Feta?“
be better Filled (71,1 60W 856

 .

in at an ofterfgrople?

charming, etc-D

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Strolling
the
omerslov
of
stardom:
One lad’s
strange
and
terrible
Journey
Inside

 

TED
BEATLES
LOOKALIKES

SINGER/
MUSICIANS

 

 

 

 

FOR BROADWAY'S
NEW HIT MUSICAL

lgA'lillAII‘ 3;

CALL MRS. PRICE AT

NY- (212) 765-2606
LA - (213) 273-881 1

 

 

 

