Jack—L

“a...

 

as.” he .0 .

 

 

._._._ -‘Ah-gna.«

 
  
 

X - ~ - .
,. ..

Iranians Release Some Hostages
TEHRAN (AP) rThree American hostages were released
from the US. Embassy in Tehran early Monday and left
[ran for Copenhagen. reporters at the Tehran airport saidu
There was an unconﬁrmed report that 10 more Americans
had also been released. State Department spokesman Tom
Reston conﬁrmed in Washington that three hostages had
been released. Militants. occupying the embassy reportedly
had said Sunday that they would release eight black men
and ﬁve women for deportation by the lranian Foreign
Ministry, and CBS News reported that 13 hostages had
been released. Reston said he could not conﬁrm that any in

‘ addition to the three had been released. The three who left
lran were not ofﬁcially identiﬁed. But ABC-TV said they
were Marine Sgt. William E. Quarles, of Washington D.C.,
Marine Sgt. Ladell Maples, 23, of Earle, Arkansas, and
Katherine Cross, 22, of Cambridge Springs, Pennsylvania.
a secretary in the economics division of the embassy. They
had appeared at an embassy news conference Sunday night.
The released hostages were the ﬁrst Americans freed from
the embassy since Nov. 4 when the militants seized the com-
pound and 60 to 62 Americans, demanding the United
States return deposed Shah Mohammad Rem Pahlavi to

stand trial for his life. Tire militants said unless the shah is

returned to lran they would try the others on charges they
were spies. ABC-TV correspondent Jerry King reported

from Tehran that the released hostages were driven through '
the embassy gate in American-made cars and driven to the

airport.

Buckley Favors Revenge On lran'

HARTFORD (AP) - Calling the lranians holding U.S.
hostages “rabble,” former New York Sen. James Buckley
said the United States should retaliate "to make the ira-
nians wish they'd never done this" as soon as the hostages
are free. “All l'm saying is that something must be done
when it’s over," the conservative Republican said Sunday
at a meeting of the Connecticut Federation of Teen-age
Republicans. Buckley said the American government v
“should leave a calling card" in iran. He said he favored
economic sanctions against the lranians. “There is also
something called food. I can't see why we don't cut off
shipments of food." he said. Buckley expressed obvious
anger at the lranian situation, blaming it on a weakened
foreign policy. “The Americans are patsies,” Buckley said.
"For the ﬁrst time we stand helpless while American

' our case for the president to every single voter in the state,"
said Jay Hakes, Carter's Florida campaign manager.
I “We'll have to have a much wider audience than we ve had
up to this point." Carter’s allies were pleased With the lop-
sided victory he scored over Kennedy on the straw ballot
Sunday as the three-day convention came to a close With
the atmosphere of a Carter campaign rally.'Carte‘r won
1,ll4 delegates to 351 for Kennedy and nine With, no

preference, is showing Hakes called decisive. Kennedy sup- ‘

porters point out that most delegates were activists or ofﬁce
holders and that Kennedy has strong support among or-
dinary voters.

BirdSmugglingIs Soaring

MiAMl (AP) Exotic birds have become the cocaine of pet

lovers and illicit trafﬁc in them is nearly as active, say
federal officials who plan to open fancy new bird “motels”
to deal with the popularity of foreign fowl. “it’s getting out
of hand," says Clifford Bickford of the US. Department
of Agriculture’s veterinary services. "Birds are taking up
about two-thirds of my time." Tourists sneak in hundreds
. of birds from Cuba. inspectors say. Birds have been
discovered in empty toothpaste tubes, children’s dolls, and
even taped to a traveler's thigh. Suspicious Customs agents
recently discovered it Cuban finches in a small bird cage
hidden in a man’s big hat. When agents asked the man to
tip his hat, it chirped. Two of the ﬁnches were dead. The
others looked dead drunk. “They (the birds) come in
waves," said Edward Okasoko, a USDA plant inspections
supervisor, whose inspectors have been pressed into bird
duty in recent weeks. it is the disease smuggled birds often
carry that federal authorities worry about. Some illnesses
could wipe out the nation's entire poultry industry, ofﬁcials
say. Soto bring a bird into the United States legally, it must
be quarantined for 30 days.

 

f

 

Anound CAtvtpus

Just-A-Squish

 

citizens are captured by rabble and spat upon." He said
Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, the spiritual leader ot the
lranian revolution, could not be reasoned with. “Obviously
we're dealing with a religious fanatic.” he said. Buckley
was not critical of President Carter's handling of the crisis.
“1 think we have no choice but to pray and let the president
know we're not going to second guess what he has done."
he said. He said the seizure of hostages was due to a
weakened American position in the eyes of foreign nations.
He said a similar situation involving the seizure of a Rus-
sian or lsraeli embassy was “unthinkable” because both
those nations would retaliate swiftly. “We have in the last
few years retreated and retreated, turned the other cheek,"
lucklcy said. “it has invited contempt."

Pope 0n Mission To Turkey

VATICAN CITY (AP) The ‘Vatican says the visit Pope '
.lohn Patti ll will make to Turkey next week will launch
serious talks on the reunion of the Roman Catholic and ‘
Eastern Orthodox churches. The pope announced during
his noon blessing in St. Peter‘s Square Sunday that he
would. go to Ankara and lstanbul at the end of the month
to vrsrt the patriarch of the Eastern Orthodox Church,
Demetrius l, and "to participate in celebrations honoring
St. Andrews, the patron saint of the Church of Constan-
tinople." The pontiff said he would also visit the shrine to
the Virgin Mary at Eplicstts,-iri western Turkey, where the
Third Ecumenical Council in 431 proclaimed her the
Mother of God. The three-day visit, the fourth taken by
John Paul since he became pope in October 1978, will begin
Nov. 28, Vatican sources said. The pope said the Vatican
was on the eve of “a theological dialogue with the
venerable Orthodox churches to overcome together the dif-
ferences still existing between them."

Carter Gains Floridian Appeal

ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. (AP) in practical terms, the straw
vote held at Florida’s Democratic convention this weekend
didn't mean tithing. But supporters of the president — say-
ing they're “exhilarated, excited and thrilled" - claim
they’re ready to beat the challenger from Massachusetts.
Sen. Edward M. Kennedy, in this southern state that helped
put Jimmy Carter in the White House three years ago. Both
sides are bracing for a bruising battle for Florida's 100

‘ delegates to the Democratic National Convention, to be

held in New York City next summer. Those delegates will
be chosen in the state primary March 1'. “We have to take

 

 

Sensation in the arms and legs of those who were at Just-
A-Song Friday night has probably returned by now, but the
memory of playing “human sardine" will linger forever.

Between 500 and 600 people jammed in the record store
between the hours of 2 and 6 am. to take advantage of a
sale lowering the price on most albums to $3.99 and $4.49.
At one point, lines to the cashier stretched outside the door
and were over 8 people deep. Average line-waiting time was
one hour and forty-five minutes, with most people unable
to move even a toenail.

“it was terrible,” said one senior, “l'vc gone out with
girtﬂzgovcr a month and haven't gotten that close to arty

I “Everyone was prettypacked in," said an assistant store

.managcr. “We were cleaned out — totall ' '
‘ . y. The pill t .'
: we have left are Rod Stewart, disc y hmgs

‘ o and jazz. We are not
going/to havlc; another one like this, at least not this year
c usua y try to do something like th" ‘

is or H ' -' ——

but not more." l“ d ymr

RunningFor Telethon

I There was loads of running, panting. and aching muscles

tits past weekend! Two races, the .six mile Santana Mini-

Marathon and the 2.5 mile Tuborg “Run for the Gold "

had people keeping a quick pace. '
in the Mini-Marathon ex Alb '

I . _ . - any State runner ‘
Chertbirco placed iirst while Kim Bloomer took ii Limo
honors for the women.

in the 2,5 mile race Fd Bro

I . . . . wn took l" ‘ '

Moore finishing second. 1m, wuh “0b

Firetraces, initially organized as separate events ended
up joining together. The Tuborg race, sponsoicd by
Leicthon 80,. sort of mixed in with Just-A—Song’s Santana

arathon, With most of the proceeds from botli oi
Telethon's cause. t 8 "B to

Seventy-three runners ‘ '
I _ parlicrpated in T ' v
,while 168 ran for Santana. demo" 8 “we

tst place

 

6 (saline:
November: 1 9, I 979

Sadat Gives Sermon On Mount

WAD] RAHA, Egypt (AP) President Anwar Sa'dat .
pealed from the foot of Mount Sinai today to [he mi,"
of the world to strive for “goodness and the avoidancch
bloodshed, violence and hatred.” in a liminmc 5pc ohf
marking the second anniversary of his historic trip“

Jerusalem, the Egyptian president praised "my “:0
friends," President Carter and Prime Minister Menu)";
Begin of lsrael for making peace between Egypt and load
possible. Noting that Moses, regarded as a prom b,
lslam, Christianity and Judaism, is said to have received 1h:
Ten Commandments on Mount Sinai, Sadat said: “in [his
place chosen by God Almighty, where the three faiths
descended, here we have the reaffirmation of the nobch
values of men: tolerance and co-existcncc butt-m
peoples." He avoided all criticism of Arab opponents who
have attacked him for making peace with the Jewish oak
and stressed reconciliation, saying he came with "at him
full of faith, brimming with love." Sadat rcaffirmcdan
earlier agreement with lsrael which turned over um
600-squarc-mile portion of Sinai last Thursday and “i”
allow Jews, Christians and Moslcms to visit the historic
site. "i announce this place open as of today to all
believers, to all the faithful from the three fzuths, vtithno
restrictions so that they may come and address the Lord,"
Sadat said. “i hope that we can together, all the bclicvcn
and the faithful, do something that would glorify this
magniﬁcent achievement on this sacred spot." Sudan has
proposed the building of a single house of worship fora“
three religions in the valley where the Children of lsrael
waited for Moses while he climbed to thc 7,5(XJ-l'oot peak to
receive the Commandments. Before his speech. Sadat said
prayers of thanksgiving and, to the accompaniment oia
military band, hoisted the red,whitc and black Egyptian
ﬂag.About 500 guests llew into the southern Sinai for lltt
ceremony, including lsraeli ofﬁcials and a US delegation
headed by outgoing Mideast envoy Robert Strauss. They
mixed with several hundred Bedouin trlbcsmcn, some on
camels, and prominent Egyptian officials including cahinn
members, members of parliament and the religious leaders
of Egypt's Moslem, Christian and Jewish connnunltict.

Indian Point Security Assailed

NEW YORK (AP) Two operators of lltc ludiun l’Uitll
nuclear plants have been criticized by federal regulators for
not noticing “lack of management” by thc site's cutiltttt‘t
security force befot’c it was exposed in lltc prcss. ('un-
solidated Edison and the Power Authority oi the Stutu at
New York (PASNY), which opcratcs the plums, unnourucd
over the weekend that they were firing the (ilL'lturll St-ctrritr
Service of Hartsdalc for improper record kccprnn. lltc un-
nounccmcnt came one month after it fivc-ptttl Amount-d
Press series revealed allegations of lux SL‘L'Illll). nnjnupct
and illegal record keeping and vulnerability to tisttruisl n
tack at the plants in Buchanan, 24 miles north nt Nut run.
City. Jim Devlin. chief of security invcsriputnnn lot tlu‘
US. Nuclear Regulatory Commission’s ltcgron l, \tilil llttrt
although internal audits by Cori lid and l’ASN)‘ tlclt‘lllllll-
ed that Gleason had to go, the (murmurs slltttlltl hzoc
discovered and acted on the severe itililtttt't‘itictll tlL'lIth'll'
cics before the charges were aired in ihc [llL“‘~ “lltt'l
should have noticed this stuff," he said. " t has huu' .I H'I'
porate staff tip there. if they're on the job, thw. hnuhl \L‘t'
that things aren’t properly supervised." l)c\ltu .tnl .t in.»
l0r factor leading to the decision to fire hlcunon \\.r. lllL’
confirmation of an allegation in the Al’ scric‘. lllttl rush“
attending a “Crowd Control" training L'lilS‘tll.l(l\lt"-'-Utl1l”
X-rated movie. Such classes are licld on plant wounds.

Parents Push For Laetrile Rights

OMAHA. Neb- (AP) They lost the brittlc to sutc lllL‘ll
3ri’car-old son from leukemia, but ('hud (in-«uh WW"

Say they will continue tltcir fight for thc list' or luctttlt‘ HI
cancer treatment - a fight that forced them to Hot thcronn
"y seeking help for their .son. “We want it) ulnuc \tlllll
we've learned, we want to help others and nu hunt to ml”

for individual freedom, the freedom of chow.“ wt-Ill‘
Green said in a recent interview. (irccri, 29, and hn In it‘ll"

Old Wife. Diana, have joined the lecture circuit ltl "WW
our SIOTV" and hope to win for other Ciillt'L'l jnrtjt-nts the
lreedom of choice in cancer therapy. ll was iltcit ln:ltc| Itl

Laetrile and diet that led the Greens in (lisctuititittc tltl|\'<.‘ll‘
“onal Chcmmllempy for their son. They face a L'Ulitcltll" "1
Cour! warrant in Massachusetts for del'innct: ot no order
YemOVing Chad from their custody for cltctttotllctttl’l"
After losing several appeals, the Greens on Jan. to fled 10
r'luanav MeXiCO. where Lnetrilc - legal in only 20 slrttcs and
banned from interstate transportation - is crisin nvnllrrhlc-
Child died in his mother’s arms Oct. 12. The (itcctlts have
been surrounded by reporters since the controversy tM‘r
their son’s treatment began. Chad's burial in llttstinllsv
Neb., was a media event, his grieving family .s'urroundcd by

 

 

television cameras and tape recorders.

 

 

 

Jack Lester ights Or Student Vote

 

May File Action Against Albany County

by Brian Schwageri

Discriminatory voter registration
practices may be the basis of a
lawsuit against Albany County, ac-
cording to SA Legal Services At-
torney Jack Lester.

Section 15] of the New York

State Election Laws states a student
cannot gain or lose residency “in
the event of temporary absence
from domicile” while attending col-

lege. .

 

Lester may file a Declaratory
Judgment Action against the coun-
ty as a result of voting regulations
concerning students living in their
college communities.

No date has been set for the pro-
ccedings.

According to Albany County
Board of Elections Officials. at
least 50 SUNYA students were
denied voting status in the recent
elections.

According to County Board of
Elector Ray Scringe. students who
are not permanent Albany residents
and are financially dependent on
their parents, were denied voter
registration.

to provide transportation.

maintenance mcn, are striking.

urc reached.

 

 

\

 

Contract Conflicts Spark I
Trailways Bus Strike ‘

Union failure to request a contract extension has prompted
employees of the Pine Hills Trailways bus line to go on strike, accor—
ding to Pine Hills Trailways President Cynthia Berardi. .

Twelve employees of the Kingston, New York bus line have been
striking since November 6 as a result of the United Transit Union's
failure to ask for an extension of the lines' contract.

The Adirondack Bus Company has been crossing picket lines daily

According to Berardi. negotiations between the union and the bus
liric began October 2 but cnded on November 6. Two mcctings regar-
ding possiblc extensions have since been held. ’

Although llcrurdi declined to comment on the extensions, shc add—
cd that she had "no idea" why tltc employees, 10 bus drivers and two

The Adirondack line will continue to service New York City.
Weslchcstcr, Long island, and areas iii the north until .scttlcrncnls

“The Pine Hills 'l'ruilwuys hus bccu providing .scrvicc from
Kingston to Uticu, New York since the 1920‘s,“ said Berardi.

She added that both l’inc Hills and Adirondack lratlways arc
rrtcrnbcts of the National 'l'ruilwztys.
—-Jcs.sicit Lee

Voter registration applicants are
currently required to complete a
questionnaire. Albany County's
questionnaire deals with the appli-
cant's financial independence,
business pursuits, employment. in-
come sources, age, and marital
status. if denied registration based
on the information given. ap;
plicants have several days to appeal
the decision.

“Students who have a lease on an
apartment here and students who
were married were allowed to
vote," said Albany Board of Elec-
tions Democratic Administrator
Charlie Daum.

According to Lester, there are

Photo: Mike Farrell

 

various applications of the election
statute throughout the state.

“The statute is so vague that it is
arbitrarily enforced. in New York
City all you need is to prove, when

. registering as a college student, is

whether or not you’re employed in
the city," Lester said.

“We‘re looking at the un-
constitutionality of the way in
which the statute is applied across
the state," he said.

' sidered members of their college '

communities, according to the
United Stat population census.

“While students are affected by
all local laws they are denied the
right to vote for those enacting
those laws." he said.

if students were granted voting
status in college communities,
politicians would be forced to be
more responsive to their needs, said
Cronin. '

"in places like Geneseo,
Potsdam, and Oswego the students
would have a major impact on elec-
tions. The introduction of 7,000
new eligible voters can swing any
election," he added.

Off-Campus Association Coor-
dinator John Kennedy cited-off-

 

campushstudents‘ iiivolveinent with

political issues, such as the anti-
grouper law and the enforcement of
housing ’codes, as a reason to grant
students voting rights.

“The off-campus student 1
population represents close to ten--
percent of Albany's eligible voters.
That has to be taken seriously and _
can’t be ignor ,” said Kennedy.

As a result of voter registration
restrictions, students are ineligible
- for jury duty selection.

“We challenged the jury panel on
the recent People vs. John Richard
Robinson case because we thought
he would be able to get a fairer trial
if students were represented on the
jury panel," said Lester.

 

Lester referred to a Supreme
Court decision, handed down last
spring, concerning a Texas residen-
cy law statute. in that case. a deci-
sion to deny Prairie View College
Students voting rights was struck
down under the constitutional
“equal protection clause," stating
students were set apart as a special
class.

“The Waller County Board of
Elections based its voter registra-
tion refusal on a questionnaire
similar to Albany County's," said
Lester.

He added, “People sltould go
down to the County Board of Elec-
tions to register to vote for the
March elections. Anyone who has
been denied the rigltt to vote should
contact us. They have the right to

 

appeal.”

While most students reside iii
their college communities for ap-
proximately four years, "politicians
have not been responsive to the
students," said SASU organiza-
tional director Bruce Cronin.

“Most students at college really
aren't residents of their parents'
community anymore," he added.
He pointed out that many college
students pay local sales, gas, and
resident income taxes.

Cronin said students are cori-

Theatre Group Upset Over Funds

by Laura Florentine

Citing lack of available resources
for its productions, SUNYA’s
Director's Theatre '79 has submit-
ted a list of grievances to Theater
Department faculty, according to
Student Director Suzanne Snyder.

Grievances include the group's
inability to utilize department
props, such as furniture, costume
wardrobes, and lighting facilities in
addition to receiving limited
publicity funds.

Although the problems were
eliminated soon after the presenta-
tion of major productions, Direc—
tors' ‘l‘hcalrc members hope the list

Affirmative Action Backs Gays

by Sue Milligun V

Affirmative Action
SUNYA's (lay and. I
Alliance for tinti-dismimtnation.

The decision to vote was mudc
Ai'i‘irinrrtivo Action

following an V
panel discussion on gay rights.

The Alliance has submitted a for-
mal request to SUNYA President
O'Lcury asking for an extension of
the University's tutti-discrimination
policy to include guys and lesbians.

"The panel discussion was called
to explain why we need protec-
tion”.said SUNYA (illy and l.csl:)ttitt

" '- ’ " ' . Scott R0 in—
AHWM “man” J for Affirmative Action

son. “We're not asking

N0 EMBER 20, 197‘)

recently
voted to support a request from
Lesbian

“affirmative action—All we want is
.

protection and access to a grievance
procedure, if ricccssttry,”hc .said.

SUNYA’s current policy pro—
hibits discrimination on the basis of
.scx, color, creed, marital status,
disablity, and age, but does not pro-
vidc for sexual or iifi'cctional
preferences. Guys and lesbians are
not protected under state or federal
laws.

Vice—President for University Af-
fairs Lewis Welch has received the
request for the policy change in ad-
dition to thc Affirmative Action
recommendation. After Welch
reviews the proposal, he will present
it to O't.cnry. '
Associate
Gloria DcSolc has written a letter to

SUNY Chancellor Clifton Whar— '

ton, urging a policy change at
SUNY schools with guys and les-
bians protection rights.

“The individual schools' reac-
tions to l)eSolc's letter will indicate
support or non-support of Affir-
mutivc Action." said Affirmative
Action Assistant Vice-Chancellor
Delores Schmidt. "However, Affir-
mutch Action does not decide
policy; this is made by the
Chancellor. The policy of Affir-
mative Action is to enforce state or
federal anti-discrimination laws.
Support of the request is actually a
departure frorri this policy."' V

Matty university organizations
continued on page ﬂVL'

ALBANY STUDENT‘PRESS

will prevent them frorri recurring in
the future.

Director's Theatre, a graduate
conducting class, is composed of 10
students who direct their own plays
and present them in the University
and Albany communities.

The program is an effort to pro-
vide the community with a service
while affording the student director

‘ '“There'were no resources for
furniture Or lighting
' and the department

did not lend out its?

equipment. ”

 

SA Le al Services Altorne Jack Lester
' nyvne denied [he rlg/rr to vote has the rig I to upped .

 

 

 

 

an off-Broadway-type experience.
according to Performing Arts
Center (PAC) Director and former
Director's Theatre Director Al
Asermcly.

Snyder said the play Family
Album, which site directed, did not
receive faculty support for use of
stage props, furniture. or costumes

continued on page "IA;

 

