.:,"...;;.—...=.xa.._—.._...._..-‘_ .5...» ;. .. . .

a:_c. .

..,... «prays-ate.- xu».-..

’2

F.  

  

' . ' I a a

State Probes Fund. Raising

NEW YORK“ .P) State. and city pension systems Thursday
purchased SISO‘ million of long-term city bonds which are
guarenteed by the federal govemment. The bonds  an
interest rate of 9.5 percent. The State Employees Retirement
System purchased $50 million; the City Employees
Retirement System. $49.8 million; the Teehers Retirement
System. 532 million; the Police Pension Fund. SI6.5,milhon.

  

  

ﬁle prdcceda will be used by the city for capital constniction
and renovation projects. The sale was the second issue- of
federally guarcntced city bonds. Last Nov. I7. $200 million
were bought by the same ﬁve pension systems.

Shootout Kills Ambassador

WASHINGTON (AP) Adolph Dubs. the American
ambassador to Afghanistan, was killed Wednesday in the
Afghan capital of Kabul during a shootout between police
and his kidnappers. Dubs. a foreign service ofﬁcer for almost
30 years. served as the charge d'affairs in Moscow in I97l-72
and as deputy assistant secretary of state for South Asian
affairs before being named ambassador in July I978. U.S.
diplomats in Pakistan said the kidnappers — who were not
identiﬁed -—-sought the release of. three Shiite Moslem
clergymen recently arrested by the leftist Afghan
government, which has established close ties with the Soviet
Union. In Washington. State Department spokesman
Hodding Caner said Soviet advisers were at the hotel when
Dubs was killed and “failed to heed repeated requests” by
American ofﬁcials that force not be used against the
kidnappers.

New Light on Marvin Case

LOS ANGELES (AP) Michelle Triola Marvin bent her head
and wept Wednesday as a gynecologist testiﬁed that she is
sterile as the result of an infection following an abortion she
had during her love affair withactor Lee Marvin. Dr. Robert
Scott testified that Miss Marvin. who is suing Marvin in a
Iandnnrk property settlement trial. underWent surgery this
past weekend to ﬁnd out is she was unable to bear children.

 

 

and tliciioard of Education Retirement System. $1.7 million. ~

He said he found trusses of scar tissue and adhesions in the
area of her uterus. “My ﬁnding is that she‘s sterile," Scott
testiﬁed. He added that in the II years since the abortion
Miss Marvin has failed to conceive. although she used no
birth control devices and had “a fairly normal adult sex life.”
The suit by Miss Marvin is based on a ruling by California
courts that a property settlement may be sought even if two
people lived together without being married.

Order Probe Results Opened

ALBANY, NY. (AP) The state mtist reveal the results of an
apparently fruitless. investigation into the Church of
Scientology. the state's highest court ruled yesterday. In a
unanimous opinion. the Court of Appeals said that while the
Attorney General and Mental Hygiene Department had
claimed their investigations fell under exceptions to the state
Freedom of Information Law. they had presented no
evidence that this was so. The state said disclosure would
“interfere with law enforcement" and constitute an “invasion

. of privacy." both exceptions cited in the law. The court

allowed the state to deplete the names of its conﬁdential
informants from the documents in question. The state
asserted in court papersthat its investigation dealt with
allegations of “fraud committed in connection with receipt of
funds and fund raising for ostensibly religious and charitable

purposes."
Americans Evacuating Iran

WASHINGTON (AP) The Carter administration plans to
resume mass evacuation of Americans from. Iran this
weekend with the ultimate goal of airlifting 5000 from the
embattled country. it was learned Wednesday. US. ofﬁcials
said I700 of the nearly 7000 Americans still in Iran are
prepared to leave immediately. The Tehran airport. kept shirt
by the new regime of the Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini as it
tries to solidify its control. is expected to be reopened
tomorrow after observancea of religious holidays. The goal
of the evacuation is to reduce the American community in
Iran —— U.S. ofﬁcials. businessmen. teachers and others — to
no more than 2000. The decision was taken in light of the
storming of the US. embassy in downtown Tehran by an .

armed band that took Ambassador William Sullivan and I0]
other Americans hostage. Hours after the Americans were
freed Wednesday. State Department spokesman Hodding
Caner said he did not know whether any of the attacking
forces remained in the compound. The spokesman credited
the Khomeini regime for acting quickly to free the
ambassador and the others and said Assad Homayoun. the
charge at the Iranian embassy here. telephoiied assurances
from the Khomeini government that the army wo
them.

Marine Looks to Return Home

Social Security Revised

 

W

uld protect

WASHINGTON (AP) A US. Marine from Indiana.
captured by Communist forces in Vietnam l4 years ago,
wants to return home. the State Department said
Wednesday. The Marine. who reportedly remained in
Vietnam voluntarin after his capture. would bethe first US. '
military man released by the Hanoi government since 566
American prisoners were set free in I973. Acting on a report
from an unidentiﬁed foreign traveler. the US. government
approached the Vietnamese “at a high level" and asked that
the American be allowed to leave. department spokesman
Hodding Carter said. The Marine was identiﬁed“ Pfc.
Robert Russel Garwood, 33. of Greensburg, Ind. Rep. G.V.
“Sonny” Montgomery. D-Miss.. said a special House
committee in the last Congress of which he was chairman had
information that Garwood was a defector who led North
Vietnamese units against American patrols and harassed
American prisoners.

WASHINGTON (AP) A new government study has come
up with two sweeping revisions in the Social Security system
aimed at giving women more beneﬁts in their own right. The
plan outlines two options. Under one. all Social Securitj
credits and beneﬁts would be shared evenly between
husbands and wives. regardless of who earned what. The

 

every retiree a minimum Social Security beneﬁt of Sl22 a

 

other option would set up a twovtier system to guarantee)

month. plus whatever beneﬁts he or she earned as a worker.

 

   

a

Tony Taaaarottl)

Food For Thought

Center yesterday.

    

A guitar player and his qulat friend performed In the
Campus cantor yesterday to benefit CROP. (Photo:

Two members of the SUNYA organization People and
Food entertained the crowds passing through the Campus

speakers and ﬁlms aimed at educating fast participants about
hunger.

On campus students can sign up for the fast on dinner lines
this week. Off campus folks will be able to sign up in the main
lobby of the Campus Center next week.

Seventy-ﬁve percent of the funds raised by the fast will go

to CROP which distributes the money to Third World '
nations. The money will be used for agricultural
development and other self-help programs.

The remaining twenty-ﬁve percent will be donated to two
agencies here in Albany: Lwanza House for destitute persons
and Mercy House for Women.

last year’s CROP program attracted between 400-450
people and raised over 57.000.

Students Over Old Folks

SUNYA President Vincent 0' Lcury may manage to aptly
coordinate the affairs of a large university. but last night he
was unable to save his team from the jaws of defeat in
Tclcthon's Faculty — Student Basketball game.

Coach O‘Leary and his faculty team scored just 43 points
to the student's 59 in last night's match. That sixteen point
spread was just enough to add $60 to Telethon's I979 funds.

for the faculty members had staked that sum on their ability
to come within ﬁfteen points of the students total.

Telethon worker Diana Oruci said that the attendance at
the game was about I25 patrons. many of whom paid a
quarter for the half-time privilege of taking a shot.

Oruci estimates that Telethon grossed about 5 l 50 from the
fund raiser. 2

    

.C'vv

Guitarist Torn Fischer and pantomime artist Walt Block
were perforating in an attempt to attract attention to the I979
CROP food fast for world hunger which will be held earl
next month. V

According to People and Food chairman John Loornan.
CROP is an international effort designed to raise people's
awareness about the problem of world hunger. .

This year’s fast will he the weekend of March 2 and 3 in the
Campus Center Ballroom. from Friday noon until 6:00 PM.
Saturday. The 30 hour long program will include a series of

 

 

'1‘.
" i‘m‘liiiill
"eat

sic t
l.

      
       

 

Remember When

The prolonged sub-zero temperatures into which Alhan)l
has been plunged have by now left many of us thinkingthat
springtime must be a long way off.

Yet all hope need not be lost.

Think back three years, to February I976. and maybe the
despair will fade. It was on February 2. I976 that a
“superstorm” swept into A-town and forced then President
Emmett G. Fields to shut down the university.

But even greatei relief for SUNYA students was to follow,
for later that month the temperatures rose to the mid 70's. the
sun shone brightly and everybody's spirit received a boost.

This may happen again. . . but not this weekend. The
National Weather Service predicts clear to partly cloudy
skies tonight with temperatures 5 to IS degrees below zero.
Tomorrow‘s highs will be between zero and ten above.

 

The Senate Wants You

Classes can sure be boring. Especially on those alluring
spring days that call to the more adventurous part of youthc
part that yearns to let its talents flow ina “real-life" situation.

The Senate Sessions Assistants Program may bethe outlet
you need. participating students spend a minimum of thirty
hours per week developing rind analysing legislation,
trucking bills, preparing for meetings with interest groups.

etc. To sign tip. sec Campus Liuson Ofﬁcer Bob Gibson

l.  Gunya news briefsij

 

 

 

., v. . .... .....,. . ..
.

Renovation   

byMaryDaIey

.I..“ .I.

‘II'he SI million renovation of Draper and Richardson balls on the
owntown campus is  percent complete" according to SUNYA
Associate for University Finance Dennis Stevens. Stevens said the

seven  of Mohawk Tower now
occu i those sc '
'0! [9pm y hoolsinthcfsll
Planning for the
Draper/Richardson renovation
started in l97l, said Stevens. The
14th thru the 2lst ﬂoors of Mohawk
Towers were originally acliedtilcd to
be ready for student occupance by
the fall of I978. This deadline was
delayed because funds were not
available until this year. said
Stevens.

.schools of Criminal Justice Lib ' ' '
I . , rary Science and Social Welfare will
move downtown tn June or July and that students will move into the

According to Stevens. there'ate
three phases to the downtown
campus rehabilitation project.

Phase I. the Draper] Richardson
renovation. is almost complete.
Planning for phases II and III is
beginning now. said Stevens. and
construction should be underway by
the winter of I979. The second and
third phases will renovate the four
other buildings in the downtown
campus? the Hawley'library and
Hunted. Page and Milne halls.

Matny Spend A Loris,
Cold Night For Jorma

by Richard Beltar

Over ﬁfty people slept outside the SUNYA '
_ campus center in sub-
zero temperatures Wednesday mght. anxiously waiting to purchase
tickets_ for the Jorma Kaukonen concert which went on sale the

following morning.

ﬂ Pariicipants in the sleep-out began arriving at the center's ﬁrst
loor. ounge nearly as. l0 am. Wednesday morning. carrying
a ecping bags. guitars, radios. booze. and plenty of warm clothes. By

8:30 the same evening. a few doun
wcre. mull“! about getting
acquainted with one another while
the sounds of Jorrria eminatcd from
a cassette deck.

A warm. mellow. and friendly
atmosphere permeated the campus
center lounge. with an essence
typical of crowds spending the night
on a ticket line. _-

“I think the togetherness is really
great." said freshman Lisa
Milchrnan. “You gt to meet alot of
people who you normally would just
say hello to."

University Concert Board
approved the sleep-out and had
representative Bob Rothbart read a
list of names of the participating
students every hour. While those
who left were crossed off the list. the
fans who lasted the long night got
priority in their choice of seats for
the concert.

The ticket buyers stayed in the
heated campus center until midnight
when university security came to

f .

 

lock the building They then moved
outside the building where they
partied. listened to music. and tried
to keep as warm as possible in the
minus Io degree cold.

“There should be a better system
instead of having us sleep outside in
the cold." complained sophomore
Ron Lifson. “This is our campus

,ecnter. and special arrangements

should have been made to let us stay
inside."

Rothbart. ajunior. who orgainzcd
the turn-out. said that students have
unsuccessfully attempted in past
years to get special privileges for
concert sleep-outs.

“If you‘re gonna freeze to death."
he exclaimed. “you rrtight as well be
ﬁrst for tickets."

Rothbart. who was ﬁrst on the list
of ticket getters. was amazed at the
large number of people who showed
up. He said he recognized many of
the people Wednesday as those who
had slept out on January 31 for

continued on Page Six

   
  

 

Funding; for the downtown
renovation program comes from a
state appropriation to the Capital
Construction budget. which is
managed by the SUNY
Constniction Fund. said Stevens.

The cost of planning and
constrtiction for Phase I of the
program. now being completed
totaled “£66,440. said Steven. He
said the. cost of planning and '
construction for Phasa II and III ,
combined is estimated at 81.466.000.
The state has not yet appropriated
all of this money. he said.

Stevens feels that Draper and
Richardson Halls have been given a
new look while retaining much of the
old charm. The buildings were
essentially gutted. said Stevens.
Lower ceilings and new carpeting
were installed. and healing.
plumbing and electrical ﬁxtures
were updated. But many distinctive
features of the old buildings were
kept and restored.

Stevens said that the builders are
now installing partitions to suit the
new occupants. He said these
dividing walls are being built in
what is already a ﬁnished. open
space. complete with carpeting and
ceilinglights. This. he said, will allow
for the flexibility to move ofﬁce
walls around ,to suit future needs.

.SUNYA will pay about “50.000
jror partitioning the renovated space.
he said. and for moving the schools
into their new diiees.

A $1 million remodeling of Richardson Hall Is almost complete. By \

 

summer the new offices should be occupied. (Photo: UPS)

Assistant Dean ol the School of
Criminal Justice John Morgan. said
he has mixed emotions about
moving. He said the new facilities in
Draper will have a better physical
plan. because the horizontal layout
there is more efficient than the
vertical one at Mohawk Tower. He

said the new facilities will be “more
professional and conducive to the
educational process."

The negative aspect of the move.
said Morgan. is the distance between
the downtown and the main
campuses. This will complicate

conli‘nued on page four

Glass Covers Stop False Alarms

by Juliette Moments-10

In an effort to combat false alarms. glass covet-I will soon be

installed over fire alarms ln.the
campus. according to Assistant
Kirchner.

quad towers and the downtown
Dean of Student Affairs. Henry

According to Kirchner. 85 covers arrived yesterday morning,
though the original order was placed on September 6.Another 2I5

covers will be arriving soon.
Kirchner said. He hopes that by
making it more difﬁcult to pull the
alarms the covers will discourage
people from doing so.

The arrival ofth covers follows a
meeting held Wednesday. at which
Colonial Quad Central Council
Representatives. Lloyd Bishop and
Lisa Newmark. made clear to Dean
of Student Affairs. Neil Brown.
student concern over the recent rash

by Cyra V. William

Empire State Plaza.

State Museum had expected. When
asked why they decided to hold a
class downtown. Dumblcton said
they wanted “to appeal to an
audience of adults."

In his lecture Dumblcton
explained that SUNYA wanted to
“touch the public" and make the

g “resources of the university available

 

 

 

 

 

 

FEBRUARY 16. 1979

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE. TWO

to tlieilL"lIe said in mid-March
there will be an Irish exhibit at the
museum displaying various artifacts
and crystal. with photographs of the
landscape and the authors of Irish
literature.

The course is being offered on
Saturdays from February l0 to May
A sums course In "I"! literature ls bolno altered on Summer'- at fjoiffog'ﬁgﬂlf
to State Museum. Publlc response has been aim“- (PhOlO? ups)  ch“ lawman do“, 2.”

 

3:30 is open to registered students .

 

FEBRUARY I6. I979 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 ,7, 7’: .-,
. ,.,...........s .. ....s}.u.~....t\.w—-§nr. w

 

“w: ., i , “no. if"  st-

of false alarms at the Colonial Quad
tower.
\ The covers dtie to arrive in
October never did due to a
manufacturers delay. The
Administration has been in frequent
contact with the manufacturer.
However. as a result of student
pressure. Kirchner admitted. “We
have called them more in the past
two days."

The 300 covers costing 5 I9 a piece

Irish Literature Taught

mm!" of all ages ﬂocked to downtown Albany on Saturday
afternoon to hear Professor William A. Dumblcton begin a unique
learning experience. For the ﬁrst time a SUNYA course. Irish
Uterature and Culture. is being taught outside of the Campus at the
Cultural Education Center Auditorium in the Nelson A. Rockefeller

“I was overwhelmed" with the attendance stated Dumblcton in an
interview at a later date. He said 438 people attended. even more tlmn

only.

Dumblcton began his lecture by
saying that he has taught at
SUNYA for 257years. He has a
doctorate in 19th and 20th Century
British Literature and a masters
degree in Irish Literature. which he
received at Unitversity College in
Dublin. He is having a book
published on the Irish poet James
Cousins and is working on a second
book on Irish authors who moved to
England.

Dumblcton brieﬂy explained
what would be covered by the ﬁve
“units” throughout the IS weeks and
indicated the books or movies which
would be discussed at each lecture:
Irish history with the turmoil of the
I978 rebellion. potato famine and

the I916 rebellion; Irish country life. . WW.

 
 

 

willbe placed In.the lowermifather

than the low rise dorma.'a'tnee t
are more susceptible to false alarms.
explained Newmark. Colonial Quad
will be tltc ﬁrst to receive them.

In addition to the glass covert-a
fact sheet has been drawn up by
Newmark. Kirchner. and head of
Fire Safety. Karl Scharl. Aimed for
those people who during alarms no
longer leave their roorru due to the
frequency of false alerts. it will be
distributed throughout the campus.
The sheet cites a Providence College
ﬁre where nine students died. Said
one Providence student. “At ﬁrst we
thought it was a joke. We‘ve had so
many lately."

Downtownl

literature and music; later poents of
Yeats; Dublin; and growing up in
Ireland.

Dumblcton said he has found a
recurring theme throughout his
sludies of the Irish: “The Irish have
an individual or distinctive
perspective and see things in a
different kind of way. This dual
vision includes not merely a material
reality but a supernatural rcalitu at
the same time. beyond that which is
concrete and material.” He credited
this uniqueness to the country's
isolation from the rest of Europe.
which allowed Ireland to be
unaffected by the Holy Roman
Empire. its fall, and the Dark Age:
The Celtic civilization was highly
developed and did not become
Romanized with the rest of Europe.

An interesting lecturer.
Dumblcton related anecdotes of his
year in Ireland. In one of his

conversations with an Irishman in a. ‘

pub. the Irishman. complaining
about the building of the Panama
Canal. stated: “If the good Lord
wanted the Atlantic flowing into the
Paciﬁc. he would have made it thatJ

 

PAGE THREE

 

 

 

.- j

