 

 

 

 

 

"guano...

 

  

 

i

 

 

P INT oouurenomt

 

PLO Speaker:

No Satisfaction

 

To the Editor:

In reaction to the appearance of the
Palestinian information Officer. Mr. Hasam
Rahman. i would like to say that the entire
proceeding was nothing short of a disgrace.
Not only did Mr. Rahrnan condemn the strtic
of Israel as expected. but he also proved to be
incompetent in responding to the statements
and questions of the Jewish students present.
His visit here agitated the predominately
Jewish audience.and proved to beat complete
waste of time.

Is the l’LO‘s excuse for a respresentative'.’
For those who were not present. this is a mart
who "intelligently" remarked that “he has
more Hebrew blood in hinttlian Mericlterri r
Begin.“ Arthur Godfrey maybe. bttt not I
Begin. Besides. heididn‘t leave me with the (
impression that he would know the lritir t

to the ladltrir: t
On Wednesday evening. we went to Page

Hall to hear Mr. I llasarii Rahman. the
information officer ol the PLO. talk to all
interested individuals ol the Sttfs‘YA
universitycommunity. Our leclittgs towards
the Middle liast are ambiialent siticc we tire
not well-versed iti tlte sititatiori airtl tlierclore'
our pririiary purpose at attending the lcctirre
was to trbtairr a tlillcrent pct‘spcctiyc ol the
Middle liiist issue. 'llie lecttrre opened with
booing lrorir a large part ol the audience. As
Mr. Rahnian continued to tttlk ntariy ol his

remarks were ctitici/cd or coiiitiictited upon
by members of the atrdieriee. liyen though

iirtnystrrdenis tell that what Mr. Rahnian had
it say was propaganda. they had no right to
lrsrrrpt the lectrrre. At the end ol his lecture.
here waer question and answer period where

questions of Passover. statements were asked to be lit question lortii
Alter Mr. Raliman stated that " ’alestinian and limited to one minute.

children are more "white' than lsraeli

lhis did itiit occur and subsequently the

cliildren.“hedodged severalquestionsdealing question rind answer period was citt short.

with the legitimacy of Palestinian terrorism l
and violence by continuously driuble talking
and insisting that it was lsracl that was the w
belligerent party. His companion on surge. it o,
stooge in his owrt right. wtrs desperatelyi
attempting not to be obnoxious. htrt he lailcd by
As mediator. he was constantly l‘llllCllL‘t'ltl]
Jewish students by interrupting them. and b, to
claiming that. “Mr. Rahman will only '1)
respond to questions. not statements.“

Mr. Ralinian‘s narrow-ntiirded altitude ap
illustrated tlitit tryirtg todeal with Irirnttnd his stt
organi/ation is virtually hopeless. (irauted. it
the PLO situation nirtst be dealt with lei
accordingly and the 'alestinians should hase sit

his period should ltit\L' enabled us to h ‘ar

questions prtt to Mr. lsahntan by strrdetits

Ito were aware of the situation aiul lreltl
ipnsing views. or had loiiiul llaws in the

PH) policy. Students delerited this ptrrpose

hadgcring Mr. Ralrruan irisiead ol askitig

hint pertinent questions. How is Mr. Rtilrnirtn

answer the question. "When will I be killed
the l’l.()'."‘whieli wasasketl by one strrtlcrtt.
We as students on the rrnitersity letel were
prrlled by i the behasior ol our tcllow
rtlctits and cmbar'assed as well. We tell that
\\c dttl not side with a large number at the
'ttric. we were automatically placed on the
lc ol being lot the Pl t). ()trr orr/t tritcriliort

lattd to settle on peaeelully. but not at the was to listen.

expense ol'.lsraeli land that was won lair and
square in war. nor lsracl lives. a
I To the organi/ations that sportNUfI-‘d llii‘
farce. thank yoir very much forun “enjoyable”
evening; Mr. Rahman lurdltis “right to speak " u.-
as you so earnestly defended. but the .lewislt m
sttrdcritsattcridiiig did not. lliey were scorned rlr
at and toyed with. which is not surprising to
considering the rest ofthc world‘s icsporise to c].
the lsr'rieli viewpoint. lts

In Mr. Rahman. representative of tin speakersnitthrsctrtnpnswtllbebctic

organization consisting of cold blooded rli
mttrders of masses of innocent people. in
antagonists to the recent periee treaty. and
perpetual provocatcrs of hostility tttid the
eradication ol lsracl. wherever you are. may
the Ku Klux Klan comert all ol its supporters
to .Iudinsni and burn a me/rr/ali on y'titll'll'ttttl
lawn.

’I

V A
.lell Morgenstcr‘u l-l

\'

TAKE atsrc EWGATtalI
VRILL 755T
rite dim ,- a“

 

 

   

 

 

 

  

i\.\lft’ Ir/Ii'r/ Realities in Testing nus it I‘llIt‘H llt'

(‘orrttoyetsial issues should be portrayed as
irilttablc educational e\pcrrcnce. We agree

that litrirrig Mr. Rahrnan speak was an
crrrotioiral rssitc ltir many students. Yet. we

trirrot dcny others their right to tree speech
id to c\prcss their own opinions. We leel
at many of the students wlto were hostile
wards the l'l () cntcrctl tltc lecture with
rscd rituals and tlrcr'clorc c\cri larlcd to
ten to one another, llopelirlly. ltIltIlL‘
I icccryt'tl
art Mr. Ralrrtiau. aird will be shown it
trttrrc Icycl ut helia\roi'.
l\rrn \ciibcrgcr
.ltriic Srdrrti
\|.rr\ lscealr

lrr' ro/rirrrlr I/irrl lll'llt'lllt’il in die .llur JI/i

 
    
 

Ill/t‘tI/Ill .I. Slurrourrr. 'Ilu-
rtuli't'r'u'rr/h' lllllfllt'll.

Htllllt‘ irtlt

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
 
 
 

 

Food for Thought

To the lidltor: I
Aftereating the meals oti caritpus lora year
and a hall now. I begart to leel as though
nothing could he doiie to change the way the
food is cooked. and since I cannot stomach
the ttiicookcd hot dogs.dried out hamburgers.
the tasteless segctables. etc. . . . any longer. I
started to seriotrsly consider surrendering my
meal card to wltoeyer writrld appreciate it.
After joining a group callctl liA'l tlirtting at
Albany ‘lonror'rowl. l \\L'ttl'lltt' a tour ol the
commisstiry. which stores all til the Iood that
is scrycd on campus (all ol the quads.
Ratskcller. ('antprrs ('cntcr‘land nry leelingol
desparritiort started to disappear: l ltadri‘l lost
the brittle yet! I lotttid the coriirnissrtry to be
icr'y neat and clean with qtrality foods stored.
[discovered that there is a realdnwn to heart
interest rind concern on the part of the loud
directors lor' what the students or the
"custoriiers."ol the loud seryice feel and hint:
to say ttbottt the loud they‘re -atittg.as wellas
any suggestions for new ideas and recipes.
l‘Al is starting a new tlltl\t.'nlt:ttl in which
eieryorie cart get involyed: the more the
lietter. After meeting with this group. myself. I
see that my \oiec can be heard and that

cliattges really cart be implemented . . . AND

YOUR V()l('l€ ('(llllJ) llli lllz'ARl) ‘l()()l
./()/.\ .\'()ll . and help support the
inoycntent toward iniptoiing the loud seryed

on campus to suit eiet'yone‘s trecds.
l:./\. l. Stall

Un Pop- Art

To the Iiditor:

lately. l‘se been appalled at the way
students treat the artwork on campus. lls
ptlt’pitscltL‘tL‘lsltlctllltltlt'clllL comniirnity.the
poduun Ill particular ’Itttl the mentbersoftliis
conimriutty hate the audacity and disrespect
to dclacc these pieces.

Recently lsaw two sttrtlcrits sitting on the
steel geometric sculpture behind the ('anipus
t'entet' eating their ltriielies. lliat sculpture
isn’t a park bench! lnytiliiablc time and money
as well as the artist‘s irigentrtty. were ptrt into
that piece.

And the sculpture behind the PAC. whether
ll bleruls in with the ctimpus‘architecture or
not. has been \andali/edl Someone wrtli no
knowledge or appreciation olmodei'n art
likened it tort totia lislt cart and scratched in
that alttttrdc.

\\'|iat eier

 

happened to respect lor'

  

prolessiotials and for the enyuoumcrii.

time some consideration tor the airword
around you. liyen it you disagree with rt.
place. have respect Ior its creator

|atrr.t Robbins

Blacklist

To the Editor:

When a professor‘s political ltlt'tllttln
becoriies coriltised wttlt his ability to lL'ttt’ll.i[
contract renewal tirric. l leel tl out [ltlyt'g
sigriilieaiit loss iii the student.

.luan Arich Silen will not he lt'tlt lirtir: lrcrt-
after May WHO. he is a pronrorcr oi Pun,”
Rieiiii independence and lltctclritt‘ ill Ltlllll.|yt
witli American bureaucratic seniuni-nts Silot
has a valuable insight to otter ltts \llltlL‘lllslit
that he does leel that independence is the
stilution to l’uct’to Rico's ltrtrrrc hut llt'tltlt‘s
not try to brainwash his students to see it lIIs
way. he presents it its a tirtblc .rltctnrtrrtc
Professor Bruce Solnick ol the lllyltlly
departmctit was riot let go because rrl his
support to give the canal brick to Panama
Why Slittllltl .l. A. Silen be let go llt'cttllst' he
wants Prrer'to Rico tti be gist-tr bail. in tls
people'.’

lntelligertee and qllltllllCttllirIis tuna lrckcpt
as criteria lorcoittract renewal. trorlr or \\ll|tll
Silen hits. ritit political beliels. l [lt'tsrtltt‘tllytltll
\er‘y sorry to see such ati able prolt'wrl lL'lt'i'

Marlon ltitltklttstrll

Answering
the Charge

To the I-lditor:

i am writing this letter in lL‘l'iiltl in \olll
May lstcover storyentirled.“( 'tctlril llttllllll
llrtd Light“. 'I lie article dealt wrrlr rlrt-tacr rlur
SA President ’atrl i‘t‘ltlllltllt "(lt't’lllt'tl (lllt'
(‘redit llriiori member‘s L'lltltlt‘rt'lllt'lll ol 8\
presidential candidate Stew ('opllill
‘uuetliical"‘. As the (‘redit llntorr Itlt‘llrlli't
under attack. l feel that those t'\t'l\ |t_r'lll to
presetit my answer to Mr. l'eldrnau

i would like to risk why l’aul ll'ltllllrtll tell
that it was necessary to cry tritl .it an
fill/il’ii/lltl/ campaigning fora crirrtlrtlaic It is
my belief that Mr. l‘cldriitrn. and rlll\ trlllt'ls
who were able to use their lllllllCltt't' lily-ttlw'd
front page ar'tic - in the .sl.S/’ to ltt'

prrrtted titi ttie eve ol ttri SA clulrurt.
were doing so for their own
Purposes. ('ottld it ilr’I\L' been that lllt‘

  
    

 

 

T newness: e
5 Troy): (Ft-K
WM ‘
FIT THE
505 OF
card).

 

  
   
  
   
  
 
  
  
  

 

iii???

 
   
  
  
   
   
  
  
 
  
 
   
   
  

KIDS BUin Ann-80066.

 

 

 

 

editorial ,

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Some people spoke of slander. and others
spoke ol outrage. when the incredible nests hit
the street that lirirtn l‘rtr'long (who most of
you lia\e iie\er heard oil was personally
endorsing Steye (‘oplotL

l wotrld like to put things in a better
perspecthe. i did iitit slander any candidate.
or call any erirrdidrrtc. "unethical". llut I did
not receive sirriilar treatment in return. My
actions. in large prttit. tor |-t.tltltl people to see
on the trout page ol the lA'l'. were called
“unethical”. in my tritlryidual action or
endorsement. l practiced my constitutional
right til Ircc speech.

I question whether it is the candidates or
myself who should be outraged. 1 question
who was iritlced slandered. l Irrrther question
the integrity and ethicsol Paul l‘L'ltllltttll. who.
in an act of politics as irsrtal. wotrld deny me
my right to tree speech. and worrld further
attempt to put the Credit Union. which is not
in any way the backer of my own personal
opinions. iii rt “bird light".
lir'ian l‘ttr'long

Fred Said

To the Editor:

lam writing this letter so that my personal
feelings about the SA. Presidential race and
titre candidate in particular will be known.
This one person that I refer to is Sharon
Ward. As a Presidential candidate. Sharon
exhibits insight. dedication. and leadership
qrralities needed in order to be it good S.A.
President. ‘l'he lttture of stirdcrits oti this
campus is of concern to me and l bclic\e
Sharon cart work hard rind effectively for
sttrderrts.

Sharon's inyolyeriient in isstres srrch as
('l)| A and the Health l-ee show clearly that
she has leadership qualities that will continue
to work with and for striderits. I lhc
contirttiencc of work in vital areas within ilie
lliityersity that directly ellect students is part
ol Sharon's plan. She has the insight to .see
that eoritinirity isa problerri that we all faceas
students. Areas sttcli as l‘llttlllL‘litl Aids tllltl
Health Service are one that Sharon r‘cali/es
are important and will continue to work oti.

Sharon's ability to put in an unlimited
atiiount of hours iii order in get the job dotie
proics lter dedication to work for students.

lltls has been pro\eri tiriic and time again.
lssttes that elfeet students statewide hate been
part til Sharon's irt\o|\cment. Whether it has
been in the Tuition Mike. the fight for state
luriding lor‘ intercollegrrite athletics. or
student voting rights. Sharon has been a
knowledgeal‘ile spokesperson lor students on
the Albany cariipus.

Sharon is a strong individual and will not
bend under pressure. llt dealing with diltteult
situations Sharon has handled them with a
tremendous amount ol competency.

lit the Iorthcoriiing elcctitirt it is important
lot‘ each indiyidittrl to esttrnine all the
candidates antl \ote.l lttl\L' done so and alter
much thought i can honestly say that Sliatori
Ward is the candidate that lsitppori. slrrtroti
will pt'oyide eotititirtity. guidance. and
leadership for all students.

l'r'cd lircwrrigion

Floor Space

To the titlitor:

As we look across the Si \YA campus. rl
becotiies c\itleut that one word bcspccks its
structure. practicality. lt isa camptisdesrgtrctl
with practical solutions in the myriad oi
problems that arise when lo,tltltl pcoplc are to
reside in the srrrrie \u'rurty \Vhtlc these
structures hate Irecu rrtore than adequate rrI
ilrcaieasot ll\|lll.'r|lltl \\titl\|lly.‘.lltt‘tt'ltttsllk'i'll
it gross luck ol attcrrttoti paid toward what
llti' .‘sl \\ \

litany ot its en‘toy most. play
tlllltll‘lll

ilyrnruisrunr rirtrst lttlllsv.‘ .ll
intercollegiate sports tc.tttts. and tL‘i‘L'tyy‘s o\cr
ltltl additional rcqttcsts liII gym sprict- pct
year. Anyone ttsitig the gym durrrig winter

months experiences the mercrowding and
inadequacy ol this facility.

In the midst of the present athletic boom
arid inditidual concern for health. it would
seem that the time is right for the practicality
that belies tliisctuiipustosptcad lt'tllll work to
play! We‘re ill need ol gym space and student
strpport is the best aycritlc toward
trecorriplishiug this goal.

\\ .l.\' (LS.

Can ’t Beat
the System

To the liditor:

l)itl yotr know that the tttitiori trike won‘t
allect yort'.’ l hat is so aceoidiiig to (‘hanccllor
Wharton. l-inancirrl Aids will make up tor the
increase. he e\plained.

llatr'y Sptrrdler ol SllN\ (‘errttal said that
students \\lll' reeci\' a lot more litiaeirrl aid
than they did last year. especially lil’()(i.
l)ir'ector ol l-inancial Aid oricrtmpns. Donald
“lillltlL‘k. said the lil€()(i increase will ollsct
the diltererice students will hate to pay as a
rcsirlt ol the trritioti hike.

ltl1()(i is awarded to students on the basis
ol income arid assets. [\CII people with
relatitely high incomes could be paying
money on such tliirigsasa house. it their would
be reducing their incoriie. In spite til iliis. they
would still be ineligible for ltl3()(i.

Marry leel that a large percentage ot the
student popttlntion iie\er realize that they are
eligible Ioi lirurneral aid; these people will tccl
etlects Irom the ttiitiori Iiikc. ‘

As ol now. no one is c\aet|y sirr'c what is
being dotic with the tironcy taken iii ttorii the
tuition hike.

. As til now. no one is esrictly si-te what is
being done with the rirortey lrrr'n the tuition
hike. "We're not really certain witcie the
money is going to go.” cornrircrttcd l’arrl
llogrrri ot the litrtlgct Department. "lliey arc
ityirig to put money back rtittr things like
acquisitions rather than mil. \\'eare not sure it
this campus will cien see arty of it." added
llogriri. lle e\p|trirted that seycrar proposals
are being considered. but he wasn't sure if
trrraricial aids was one ol them,
l)ontrltl \\'lirtlock said that.
understands it. most ol the rtioricy trout thr'

as he

trrrtrorr hikc will go towards the operating
costs ol the tioiycrsrty "llic money trotri
comes lttllll \ariotts sources.
lhe toiitorr hrkc'

ltrtrrncral aid
mostly ledcr'al rind state
income going towards operating costs has rrrc
it little upset." cyplarncd \\litl|ock He also
said that lie docs not lccl the tuition bike will
I '\|' :trr\ srgrirlrcaut cllt‘t'l on students.

i Karen Lluunc

Asking Your Support

To lllt' Editor:
We are writing this letter to explain to the

 

 

strrderrts on this campus why we leel l.isa
\‘ewniark should he S.A. l’residcirt. Altliorrgli
we are not iri\olvcd iti S.A. we ha\c obserycd
l.isri working lor' stirdcrits eyer since we ha\e
been at SIJNYA. I

lhe pr'irii:tr\ reason we are sirpporttrig Lisa
is becatrse shc ctrresabout stiulcrrts. thneycr'
we hate askcrl l.rsa to help its otrt she has been
ready rtrul willing to drop what she isrloirrg to
assisl ris. l.tsa tlocs not only care about
students. she gets things dotic lot students on
tlrrs campus. l-or cyaniplc. when we were

haying lalsc Irrc alarrrrs at -l aritl 5 not. any

turbo and Saturday night. lrsa loicerl the
l ltl\L'it’sIl\ to rrrstall lire alarm boscs. As a
testrlt the number ol lalse lrrc alarms has
dropped drastically.

Recently some studentstoriiplnirterl to l tsa
about the lights being oil llk'l\\L‘t'll tltc podium
and the quad. lrsa otganr/ed ti srrccesslrrl
t'arupargri whichcairsetl the l‘rir\crsrty toturii
on the lights wlircli they had turned oll tosaye
llltlllL‘\. I

\\‘c‘ helietc that lisa will he an cllcctryc.
enthusiastic.and hardworking President. We
sincerely hope that you will support her.

 

William .I. MeUr'tiih

   

The Presidential Run-Off

The first and main round of SA elections concluded last Friday. and
as expected. there will b ‘ a run-off for the presidential spot. One thing is
for certain though: The next SA president will be a woman, the ﬁrst
SUNYA will ever have This in itself is an achievement. and a very
encouraging thing to see. How ridiculous it is to let gender figure in
when deciding on the merits of a candidate. and we are glad that
SUNYA' voter's didn‘t.

A run-off is a difficult thing. Difficult for the candidates. who both
have to go through a grueling three days again. and difficultfor the
students. who have to rethink and r'cvotc. The choice is now narrowed
down to two candidates. Sharon Ward and Lisa Newmark. and both
are qualified individuals. i

The endorsement cotiimittee had. in fact. narrowed I/ier'rchoicc down
to these two women. and iii dcciditig between them. a difficult value
judgment had to be made. As stated ‘arlicr. both have wide experience.
proven results. and dcdicrrtioti. The choice was. and still is. a difficult
one.

However. the ASI’Sllll believes that the valucjudgmentsarrived at in
the endorsement committee meetings are still valid.and present Sharon
Word as the better of the two candidates forSUNYAat this time. She is
still cl iarly the more dynamic ‘andidatc. with a strongcrability to lead
and motivate than her opponent.

There is no doubt that l.isa Ncwmai'k is a talented woman who cart
contribute much good to SA iii a tly capacity. llowever. th ‘attr'ibutcs‘cl'
Ms. Ward not only match those oflieropponent. they have the ability to
exceed them. and take SA a step beyond the limits Lisa might
encounter.

The Final Word

Elections! lilcctions! lileetionsl While we're still on the subject. we‘d
like to sayjirst a couple more things about them.

First. the HIS/’thtlltl like to congratulate 'l'ito Mtlt'lll‘tc7.tlnd extend
a few wordsofencouragement iti his new position as SA Vice—President.
'l'bejoh you have isa difficult orie.'l'ito.and we hope you will “attack“it
with the same /cal you have shown during your canipa ign. and in other
projects d tiring your years here. Best of ltrck to you: May you survive
the coming year.

And in order for 'l‘ito to liav ' a president. we must first elect one. The
r'trn-ol'felcctiori will be held this Wednesday. 'l'hirr'sdzg'driid l’riday-zarid
you can once again vote in the cariiptrs center. or on the quad dinner
lilies. If you 'vc come this far with the SA elections. then see it through to
the end. Please vote. We promise. we won‘t risk you ever again trrritil
nest y 'rir).

 

 

JAV B. (iissru. bilitnr-in-(Thr‘cf l

Niws rnt'roii . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . CHARLES BELL
A' (tint: Nle EDITORS . Waunv (iltliENFlHtJ). MreriELE ISRAEL
Asrrcrswnol . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Stains EDITOR .  . .
ASSOCIAIL srolrrs mnort
EDITOIIAL not. izntrol

snrr WII'IERS: ltill Beesbus, Richard lkbar. Robert Blasensicrn. Mike Dunne. Maureen
(icorgc. Ken Kurtr.I M. .l. Memmott. Steve Oster. Beth Scxer. Aron Smith. Deborah Smith:
Ashton 'l'l‘nnitts. Jack Weinhaum u MANAozILs: Lloyd levcnbcrg, Jesse Scherer ZODIAC NEWS.
Laura Scttiriuh PIIJVIIZW PAGE: Diana ()ruci um coolimN/tmit: Ste hamc Del Valle suuva
NLWS litters: Evelyn Ellis NIWS muons EMERITUS: Matthew Cox, Jr l Haber. Tom Martello

BRIAN Kunrzen

. . D/tvtu OsnntiN
. Eioc SALeroerr

 

Dull: KOPF. Advcrlr’ring Manager

. Lists Arrunutum
. . SUSAN ASSER

BILLING ACCOUNTANT . . . . . . . . . . .
 ..BENNYBROWN

PAYROLL MANAGE!
DOOKKIEHNG

  

' ‘ ' ‘ ' ' ‘ ' ' " ammo:
SALES rustiNNtt- Stcvr‘. (toldslctn, Jeff Levrtun. Richie Mermelstein cussirirn ADV: _
Sieve M'Itlcr com-osi'rinN: Sally Ann Breeher. 'ltayden Carruth, Amy Sours AD ruonucrtou
MANAl-Ut: Steve (ioltlstein AD nonunion: Edith Berelshon.~ Hildy Brand. Irene Firmrtt. Tom
Mtirtetto. l.i/ lttrrWod rirrtcr: Rosemary Gross. Ruth fertll MG: nu: Leslie Appclbnum

 

Mun VUKOVICII. Prmlur-ilon Manager
Rnliu Cow-nut, Co—Prﬂdllt‘ffﬂn Manager

.. . . LDRMNH LIBERATORE
l (.(NWDINIHOII . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . i .
"N" ' . . , , PATIHCK Lovt-:

VIRTIK‘ALCAMEHA . . . . . i i . . . .

one or: Leslie A 'lbttuttl. Sitl (irilli nit-ism: Donna Bandrtt, Mindy Gordon. Cheryl
kriirt'nitrn, (‘tat-tt Kticiliier. Mtirilyn Moskowul. lvy Peltr. Beth Stone ruoornnnzns: Manny
Alvarez, Donna Reichncr. Beth Strnnn

l’lllHtlfiRAPlIV. supplied [trout/rally by Unr’ircrtr'rrr Photo Service

ESTABLISHED I9ll6‘ I I I I I I I
" i II '81 I'll! I'r no is itdilr‘shetl every Tilerdayam hit ay-t tiring! reactor: y'cqr Illt'ldt'
.{l’lll‘ttt'illt'lilélflr/t’lllll‘ ‘l‘rerr ‘f'orplomlimi. an independent iiolfur-prq/i/ organization“ luluorurl
(inherits tlt'lt'rlrlfltt'tl hr the Hillier-tieClog/("11:31v bags/rut It; review/22y Ihc4ﬁrlrrort% 
, i' - r . .' All or Slur/en! I’rers. C . , ' ’ai‘ rrrrgton ve.. . may.
tltrr/tlri. arltlrr it in (518) 457.618”

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

"t

 

