 

 

   
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
    
    
   
    
      
   
   
    
   
    
  
  
  
  
  
    
 
 
  
 
  

 

    
  
   
   
 
 
 
 
  
 
    
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
   

- "A ml I/u'l'safd. go to, let us build a city.
and a tower whose lop may reach unto
lit‘ul't'II, aml lotus make us a name, lest we
be .n'uucrecl abroad upon the face of the

whole earth. "
((ien. X114 as quoted in Torch I967)

ithin two brief decades. the
New York State College for
Teachers became the State
University of New York at
Albany. College to University.
downtown to uptown, brick to cement.
traditional to modern.

How did this profound change effect
lltc quality of life at the newly formed‘
SUNYA‘! it's easy to romanticize andl
siniplifythe past by saying that those were
tlte good old days when this school was
smaller. friendlier and more personal. but
this interpretation of the change is muclt
too simplistic.

Edith Berelson

 

The first step in the “the great
transition“ took place in I948 when the
New York State College for Teachers
became part of the newly-formed State
University of New York system.
According to Sunya education professor
Randolph Gardner. who began teaching
here in I947. the college was “a single
purpose institution." The school motto at
that titne when translated into English
was “learning. not for its own sake but for
the sake of teaching.“ Professor Gardner
said that the faculty interpreted the fact
that Albany was named a “college for
teachers" rather than a “teacher's
college." to mean that the institution was
a liberal arts college that was geared to the
trainittg of teachers. “We were also the
only public institution in the state that
ollered programs that led to degrees for
only teachers of secondary
schools. . .l‘hat in itselfmade usa kind of
academically oriented group.

lhose were the days. according to
I’rolessor Gardner, when the student
population was about l.200 and the
lacuhy numbered less than 100. Page
Hall. which served as sole auditorium for
the college. seated 750. and the gym. a
tloor below. was so small that it was
called "the battd box." Draper was the
. tnaitt classroom hall and was used for

humanities and social science classes and

 

also housed the President‘s office.

Women students far outnumbered the
men. Director of Institutional research.
Patrick 'I‘erenzini, cited the official
enrollment statistics in I960 at M";
women and 39% men. Since the creation
of tire University however the proportion
ol male'students has increased to the point
where enrollment for each sex is almost
precisely equal (in I978 it was 49.9'.’
women to 50.l% men.)

Ihe old archives reveal that the
yearbook was then called ""l'he
Pedagogue" and the ofﬁcial student
tabloid was “The State UniVersity News."
which came out every Friday. 'I he
entering freshman class (otherwise known
as lroshes) wore purple and gold bctmlcs
with their class year bolding displayed
across the front. The freshman and
sophomore class “rivalry” was a yeain
event that culminated with lug-tt-wttl.
tootball and pole-pushing competitions:

One of the more intellectual L‘tiltlcsts
was that oftlte interclass debates. in Hot»
lor example, the classes, debated the
hunting social question of “sltottld
mermaids have long or short hair.“ 'I he
evening ofthc final day of the rivalry was
highlighted by the frosh and sophomore
skits. a mini-musical revue. Points wcl't.‘
tallied. winning team and freshman queen
were selected and the rivalry was U\‘ct
until next year.

I962. Albany was designated to
hecotne one of the four university centers
in the SUNY system. Plans for a nun
campus were made. The site chosed was
that of the former'Albany Country ('Itth.
Edward Durrell Stone was selected to he
the campus‘ architect. His model for the
uttiversity was unveiled in a ceremony lil
.Iune. (jovernor Nelson ROCItL'ItJIIcl
called the design “ingenious. imaginatitc
and economic. It has great beauty and
elliciency." In August. Rocky
symbolically began the construction b)
digging up a few shovelfuls of dirt
between the 16th and 7th fairways. attd
the new university was officially begun.

Meanwhile. business continued
downtown as usual. but with a few minot
changes. According to The Times~Union.
livc new fields of study were planned for
tall I963. along with ISO nett
undergraduate courses and the
beginnings of doctoral studies in
American history and psychology of
education.

It is this expansion of graduate Icycl
programs that separates universities from
C(IIc't: "The hallmark of a univ

   

center is that it has graduate level

Prfterunn. especially'at a doctoral level."

said thhard Kendall. Dean of

Sciences and Albany State alumnus (class

ol ‘58). Kendall cited Robert Hutchinsas

saying thal.a university. like a college

teaches. but it also lettrns.

As the downt‘own campus grew. it

became necessary to move sortie

departments into annex buildings. In
i963 professor John Reilly taught his
classes in the English annex bttilding on
the corner of Washington and Northern

Iloulevard. Dean Kendall. then a history

prolessor. remembers that his office was

in the basement of a building that

J'ortginally housed an auto supply

1 company.

Albany State was changing in ways

‘other than size. in I964. “The State

- University News" became the “Albany

3 Student Press." a bi-weckiy. "The

;'_ ’edagogue“ had been renamed “The

1 Vi orch" the year before. In I965. the spirit

Quit change and modernization could be

’ cett through the “New Mascot Contest."

. dvcrtised in the March 5th issue of the
ASP. I‘he old penguin mascot

 nicknamed the pcdguin) was no longer
considered appropriate. The chairman of
the renaming cotnmittec told the ASP
that "the committee feels that there is a
ﬁtted to change the mascot ttnd nickname

I because the “Ped” and “Pedguin” do not
apply to our changing University. . ."

‘ However. many of Albany State‘s
traditions continued throughout 'the
transitional period. Marsha McCarthy.
assistant director of thc‘Alumni Affairs
office attened Albany State from January
I964 to January I967. “A lot of us were
still gearing up to be teachers then. . .the
school was very traditional. small and
friendly." McCarthy said.

Students lived two to a room along
corridors rather then in suites and that
this tnade dortn life “more open." There
were four women's dorms (Brubacher.
Sayles. Alden. and Pierce) and one men's
dorm (Waterbury). Each dorm ate
together in their own dining area except
for Alden and Waterbury. which
'combined to eat co-cd. The women's
dorms had housemothers. Before starting
dinner (which began promptly at six) the
"'dorm members would rise and sing grace
with the housetnother. No one was
allowed to leave the table until the

' hottsemother left. Ms. McCarthy lived in
iiSttyles hall attd she said. “The food was
'lttntastic." Students were rCtIUier ‘0

dre ‘s up lor Sunday dinner.

   

 

 

  
  

simmwws

m

  

n AW.

‘I he university‘s dress codes were fairly
strtct by today‘s standards. According to

Social I the Student (iuidelines bulletin forthe‘66-

67 school year. the keynote for campus
dress was “casual” but casualness in the
tttittd oi the beholder. “. . .[for women]
shorts .tttd slacks are not appropriate in
academics buidiings except perhaps in
special classes in stagecraft or field trips.
for tncn. shorts and sweatshirts ttre not
appropriate in academic buidlings."

Women were expected to observe
.cttrlews. According to Ms. McCarthy.
treslttnan had to be in their dorms at 10
pm. on weekdays and midnight on
weekends while upperclassmen had the
privilege of staying out until ll p.m. on
weeknights and I arm. on weekends.
llousemothers gave demerits for
violation of these curfews and after a
certain number of them. women could be
"cantpused" which meant that they would
ttot be allowed to go out on a weekend.

Gentlemen visitors reported to
reception desks located on the first ﬂoor
of each dorm and waited for women to be
called attd come downstairs to receive

.them. Sneaking a man into a woman‘s
roottt was grounds for expulsion. said
Ms. McCarthy.

" I lie guys had RA's and a dorm
director." said Ms. McCarthy. “The only
kinds of rules they had were for things like
tnaking too muclt noise."

It seems the men didn‘t lack for
diversion after dropping their dates off in
time for the I am. curfew. The local bars
had a 3 o‘clock closing time and “one
could quench a thirst fairly well between
one and three." said Dean Kendall.

Although Ithesc regulations may seem
strict by today's standards, everyone
accepted them. he said. “There were rules
to the game and everybody played by,
those rules."

lty the mid—sixties, construction for the
new campus was well underway. Thomas
Littlelicld. SUNYA English professor
arid a lortncr art and architecture
coltttnnist for ’l‘he’l'imcs-Union describes
the new architecture as a “romantic
itttportation of classical motifs as Roman
architecture was adapted in the Middle
liast. reminiscent of lbth century Persian
architecture." The architecture is modern
itt that it is modular: designed in sections
that repeat tltctnscleves. but “the feel of it
is much more romantic than most
‘modern architecture." Professor
4|.iltlcficld said.

the architect‘s office had requested

M PM.»
. MW .

building suggestions from various sections' CHI-011,116.15 and faculty quadrupled,

  

of the university and aCCOrding to

Professor Littlefield, the English
department basically asked for "more of
the same.“ which he felt had been a
mistake. Not enough time. or people. was
involved in planning, he said. “We needed
tnore time to think out what we wanted in
a university.“ he said.

Much of tltc construction lagged
behind schedule. according to Dean of
Stttdent Affairs Neil Brown. who was
Associate Dean of Men and later
Director of Student Activities during the
transitional years. Students were
scheduled to begin moving into Dutch
Quad dorms in September of I964. but
the move was delayed until October 24th
and the students had to be housedIin
nearby hotels for the first seven weeks.

lltc academic podittm opened in I966
but certain departments. such as music.
weren't moved uptown until the
lollowing year. said Dean Brown. It
wasn't tttttil I967 that the Campus Center
was opened and the fountains were
turned on for the first time.

When Ms. McCarthy heardthat classes
would be moved uptown in I966. she
decided to move with tltcnt ttnd live in
Colonial I'ower. However. she ltttcr'
discovered that the classes she Was taking
would he taugitt at the downtown
campus.

Site described student attitudes
towards the change as mixed: “The place
[the new campus] was a mudhole because
it hadn‘t been lanscaped. . .but there was
also a looking to the future. There was a
pride in the fact that the school was going
to be such a big beautiful campus."

Advantages lay in the fact that “the
facilities Were better. classrooms were
bigger and newer and the library was
nicer.“ but they “hadn‘t ironed out all the
wrinkles." site said.

According to Dean Brown.‘heating
lacilites were inadequate at first and Dean
Kendall remarked that the construction
made the campus “very windy and very
gritty tor a number of years."

,i‘or Ms. McCarthy. assembly line
dinittg was difficult to get used to after the
Sayles family style meals. “I guess we
were used to being pampered." she said.

Ihe growth of the university during
those years “boggles the mind." said Dean
Brown. When taking the entire decade of
the sixties into consideration. according
to lorttter SUNYA president Emmet
|~ic|d‘s Mission Statement of I977, “the
number of academic departments tripled.

 

of SUNVH'S evolution:

The original campus,

the golf course. that

become the new campus,

’ _ l .ond completion. ‘J

library holdings increased tenfold, and a
new physical plant was construeted and
occupied." » .
Has impersonality become a necessary
by product‘ of the tremendous
tnushrooming of SUNYA'.’
Professor Gardner said that we’velost

' some of the “personal touch from faculty

to faculty and from faculty to student. l‘m
not saying that students don't get to know
a professor or a few professors well. but
what used to happen can't' because of
numbers." I

Other professors disagree. Professor
Reilly feels that the day to day experience
of teachers and students is not so ntuch
diflercnt or more impersonal but rather
“it’s the milieu—more paper work and more
channels attd committees within the
administratimt."

Professor Littlefield says that the
school is not necessarily more impersonal
now. “Classes used to be between 35 to 40
students and I think it's about the same
|in his department] now." He 'cited
overcrowding as more ofa problem. “We
have M thousand people using facilities
designed for ten." he said.

Is there a nostalgia for the “good old
days" when Albany State was a small
traditional ivy-walled college’.’

“I don‘t think we ever got much ivy
started growing on those buidlings." said
Professor Littlelieid. He describes the
downtown architecture as pseudo
Georgian. “a phony approach to instant
antiquity. You end up accepting pseudo
values from something real. I feel that
getting away from that ‘was eminently
desirable. .

“Nostalgia isn‘t what it used to be." said
Dean Kendall. “America is very different
today, the 1950's is a vanished world. The
things that deﬁned that time are gone
forever. . .the world's moved on."

An ASP editorial printed in the April
25, I965 issue aptly summed the mixed
emotions involved in Albany State's
“great transition":

" I'ransition has meant newness; it has
brought confusion andturmoil, it has. at
times, lacked communication and

.planning; it- has often times evoked a

sense of pride and accomplishment, but
above and beyond all this it has meant a
challengers challenge to change. to rake a
firm grip on the experiences and
opportunities of the future."

()r as one student. who prefers to be
referred to as ()lll-23—000. pug it:

."Computers aren't all that bad anyway.

Ihe one iii the library is kind of cute."

ﬂ pictorial ossou T

to

to

to m‘ construction

 

 

