 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

Won-id Revenge?)

 

Student“  -Evaders sued i

BUFFALO, N.Y. (AP) The federal government plans to sue
about 50 former college students to recover an estimated
‘ $75,000 in defaults on government-guaranteed education
loans. U.S. Attorney Richard J. Arcara said Tuesday the
lawsuits. which have not yet been ﬁled,averageabout Si .500
apiece. “We expect substantially more." he said. The U.S.
Department of Health. Education, and Welfare has begun a
crackdown on students who borrowed money from banks
with government guarantees then failed to pay off the debts.
forcing the government to do so. Arcara said HEW has
referred about l00 cases to his ofﬁce so far. He said each is
reviewed and a decision made whether to file a lawsuit.
"These are taxpayers‘ monies. and we will take all steps at
our disposal to collect the funds.“ Arcara said.

Armed Student Holds Hostages

KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (AP) A student armed with a pistol

took more than 20 other students hostage in a third-lioor
classroom at the Knoxville Business College Thursday and
threatened to kill them and himself. police said. There were
no reports of shots being ﬁred. Police Dispatcher Ilruce
Dyer said the hostage-taking was reported to tiicdcparttitctit
at about noon EDT but details were still sketchy nearly an
hour later. Parts of the street itt frotit of tire downtown
school were blocked off and I2 to l5 policemen rind an.
ambuirtnce were dispatched. he said. Police radio broadcasts
siiid a special weapons and titctical tcarrt had been
dispatched. Reports ofthe number of hostages ranged from
22 to 30. “We‘ve got one negotiator and a lutly who handles
mentals out there," Dyer said. He said he ditl not know
whether anyone had been able to talk to the man. The school
is directly across truth the Knoxville Newt-Sentinel. an
afternoon newspaper. An editor at tire city desk said the

scene at the college was highly confused with uniformed and
urtuniformcd officers swarirririg through the area.

' Byrd - “SALT‘InSei'ious Fix"

WASHINGTON (AP) Ti : SALT il treaty is in deeper
trouble than anyone thought possible weeks ago and it may
take help from the Soviet Union to save it. “l'm not saying it
looks rosy." said Senate Democratic leader Robert C. Byrd
this week. “But i‘m not saying the treaty is ready for an
obituary yet." What has become increasingly likely is that
the arms control agreement will end up in cold storage. The
biggest obstackle holding up the Senate's ratiﬁcation of
SALT is the Soviet combat brigade in Cuba and the
unwillingness of Moscow to make any gesture that might
lower the emotional level of the debate. Soviet Foreign
Minister Andrei Gromyko. addressing the United Nations
on Tuesday. dismissed U.S. concerns by saying “this
propaganda is totally without foundation and is indeed
based on falsehoods.” Gromyko‘s speech was viewed on
Capitol Hill as yet another example of Moscow‘s lack of
understanding of U.S. domestic politics.

Russia Cans U.S. Music Tour

MOSCOW (AP) A planticd ttiur ofthe United States bytiic
Moscow Symphony Orchestra “will not trike place" as
scheduled. Soviet official sources said today. Soviet
authorities had been reported earlier to be having second
thoughts about the tour following the defection of five
prominent Soviet artists iii the past month. The tour was
scheduled for Oct. .1 through Nov. 4. The Soviet sources said
there was some possibility that the totir would be
rescheduled at a latcrtiatc. but tieciincd to he irrorc specific.
The U.S. Embassy in Moscow issued visas for the group on
Tuesday. The sources also refused tocornment oit the reason
for the cancellation. Dipiorriatic sources had expected that
some Soviet cultural programs abroad would be reduced or
delayed following the recent defections. iiul the Soviet
Union. which is strongly corttrttittcd to cultural exchange as
a building-block of dctente. is cxpectctl to continue it
exchange program iri some form.

H: soviets Seize Japan Isles

TOKYO (AP) A U.S. intelligence report says the Soviet
Union now has it division—size force of i0.000 to l2.000
troops on four islands claimed by Japan 40 miles off the
northern Japanese coast. Defense Agency ofﬁcials reported
today. Foreign Ministry sources said Japan would file a
formal protest with the Soviets if the report is confirmed.
According to the U.S. information. up to 2.000 additional
Soviet troops have arrived on the island of Shikotan.
bringing to [0.000 to 12.000 the total force on the four
islands. which have been held by the Soviets since the closing
days of World War II. the Japanese defense officials said.
Prime Minister Masayoshi Ohira said today the report had
not been verified. but he said "appropriate"dipiomatic steps
would be taken if it is confirmed.

Canal Folks Without Homes

NIAGARA FALLS. NY. (AP) People who fled homes near
the Love Canal have passed anotiter certification crisis. btit a
Love/Canal Homeowners Association spokeswoman says
the situation is getting nrore tcnst. as the day nears when they
will have to leave state-paid motel rootns. “They're not going
to go back even when the emistruction is completed in mid-
October.“ said LCHA President Lois (iibbs. "Their homes
are contaminated. I hope it doesn‘t cotne to bloodsiictl. btrl
many rcsidentsjust aren't going to leave motel rooms.“ On
Wednesday. Dr. Michael Sdao of the Buffalo area traveled
to Niagara Falls tti certify that i2 canal-area families would
be endangered by returning to their homes. The
examinations 7 required weekly for state—funded housing
of refugees frotti the court] «- V were done iii the LCIIA office.
Others among the ruorc than ltlt) families which itavc left
their homes were rcccrtified through their fatniiy doctors.
Mrs. (iibbs said. U trdera rt agreement between the state Love
Canal 'l'ask Forc- and the homeowners, the state will
temporarily pay for lodging people whose illnesses are
certified as corral—related. but the arrangement expires when
the remedial project ends. The homeowners have broadened
their demands to irrcitrdc pcrtnartcnt relocation aritl state
purchase of their houses.

 

 

    

 

 

P

    

(_

k

 

 

Discount Book Ready

So. it totik a little longer this year to get them. btit the
Student Discount Ilook. ptrt otrt by Student Association.
will be here next week.

According to Chair of Student Services i‘rauk llaitrnan.
the book will have 50 percent more business contracts than
last year. It will also be printed in pamphlet form. costing SA
about $200 to print. “Last year. the book was more
expensive." said Baitnian.

The Student Discount Book contains a van icty ofdiscount
coupons froin local shops arid merchants.

 

Health Service Investigations

if you‘ve ever been Il'CllllL'tl in the infiritiary for iictite
hepatitis when all yort had wasa bloody rinse. tiicri now is the
tittie to air your complaints.

The Health Services Review Iloarti. a new subcommittee
of the University Senate Student Affairs Council. will review
policies and investigate complaints against student health
services. According to Board Chair Mark Lafayette.
members will also rtid in the selection of health service
personnel.

Positions are still open for those interested in serving as
members or as' chair. Anyone interested cart contact
Lafayette at 457-8027.

Identify Your Valuables

Project identificrition will enable students to register their
valuables iii a potentially nationwide ' rtie. The project
involves the engraving of valuables such its '1 V's. cameras
and stereos. with Public Safety's Natiotiai Crime
information number. Any police agency that recovers rt
stolen or lost article cart plug iii the engraved ritititbcr to the
National Crime Information System. it will tiieii come brick
to SUNY-Department of Public Safety. Once the
connection is triatic to SUNYA. tire registered possession
citn be located on file artti the owner will be notified. The
dates and places for engraving arc:

 

S'J‘A’i'E QUAD Oct. Hi

Monday Oct. 1 7 p.tn.-i lull) p.tn. Anthony—Cooper
Tuesday Oct. 2 7 p.tn.»i tilt) p.tn. litiiton-lrving
Wednesday Oct. J 7 p.tn.-il13t) p.ttt. Mclviiic-Stcinrrtct/
'i‘hurstiay Oct. 4 7 p.tn.-i l23tl p.tn. Tapprtn-Whitrnrrtr
Saturday Oct. (t I p.tn.-III p.tn. PilSltilittl ’i‘owcr

COLONIAL QilAl) ()ct.X-|1

Monday Oct. ll 7 p.tn.-l izflt) p.trt. Morris-Johnson
'l'uestiay Oct. 9 7 p.tn.—H130 p.tn. IIcr'kintcr-lirrrutilon
Wednesday Oct. ill 7 p.tn.-l l13tl p.tn. i)clrrrrccy-(‘iinlon
'l‘hursday Oct. || 7 p.tn.-i till) p.tn. leugcid’airtc
Saturday Oct. i3 i p.tn.-ill p.tn. Livingston 'lotvcr

Dil'i't‘II QUAD
Monday Oct.
Ryckitian
'i'ucsday Oct. Hi 7 p.tti.~l |230 pm. Ten iiyck~'|'cn Ilt'occk
Wednesday Oct. l7 7 p.tn.—l l:30 p.tir. Meeker—Van Cortland
Thursday Oct. lit 7 p.tn.-i l:.it) p.tn. Ilcvcrtvyck-Schuyier
Saturday Oct. 20 l p.tn.-ill p.tn. Stuyvesant lower

()ct. |5-2(l
IS 7 p.tn.-lIIJU p.tn. Van Iicnssclacr—

iNDlAN QUAD Oct. 22—27

Monday Oct. 22 7 p.tti.»l l:.'it) p.tit. Adirontluck-Cttyuga
'l‘tiesdrty Oct. 23 7 p.tn.-l i230 p.tu. Mithicrin-Montituk
Wednesday Oct. 24 7 p.tn.-ilz30 p.trt. Oncidrt-()nondaga
Thursday Oct. 25 7 p.tn.-l l:.‘lt) p.ttt. Seneca-'i'trscrtrorri
Saturday Oct. 27 l p.tn.-it) p.tn. Mohawk 'i'owcr

Dates for Alumni Quad. Pittman. iiriti Wellington will be
announced iii the rtear future.

PREVENT THEFT ll

17 SA Positions Filled

Sevctttccri Student Association (SA) Assistan
(‘ontrollcrs lirtvc been appointed by SA Controller Craig
Wcittstock and assistant Ron Josephs.

Each assistant has been assigned to specific committees.
which are listed under fotir headings. They are special
projects. athletics. groups. anti cotiirriittce liaisons.

Applications were reviewed by Weinstock and Josephs.
Interviews were condticted to search for those people who
were willing to work and help SA i'unticti groups. Art
understanding of accounting and bookkeeping wits also
required.

'l'ir- assistants and connnittccs are:

Special Projects Marvin litrr'rnrru

Media Janice llermrrlyn. ilitrry III'IL'I\‘
Arts lircd (ioodirrrru
Agcrtcy David Schnitkin

Athletics Iiiuancc (.‘ontntittcc Darlene Scrrrsori

iivirrg Area Donna Schcrtbcr

('o-ops Iiotvard Is‘tcl

(‘ulturrti Mitcii Chailiu .
i’irtrtnce (‘orrtiuittcc Diane llrrrrrt
Academic .Iiii Shitt/

Phil Irnbcr

Lisa i.rrty

Steven 'I'opal. Stuart Yoirtrrrk
I’trt i’r'rtncoitutlro

University Wide
S.A. Operator
Athletics
Recreation

Raritch Ilacr. \vliosc coriirriittcc title is yt't undctcr'rniucri.

In Memoriam

David Sirisbury. a graduate student in iliology dicrl
SL'Plcmhcr 2i in Albany Medical Center Hospital alter a

long illness. lie held it il.S. iii lliology .t’lltllltltl r'rmr [rim/c

frotti Albany State and lie was it member of Phi ileta Kappa
ttrrd 'l'ri lit-ta. lie was expected to receive it l’lt.i). dcgr'ce
frotu SllNYA this .Ititte. The Department of Ilioiogictrl
Sciences would like to establish il memorial fund and rrsc it
ftit something tangible uttti of lasting vztluc. Donations
should be sent: Care of Dr. Iicnry 'l‘edcschi. Dept. of
Iliologicrii Sciences. Citecks should be to the order of
SllNYA Foundation.

 

CSumya News—'Brleg'

 

 

.. c .-,_....=,.. .H.. ..

‘1.-
AGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRES

mw~

a

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Jl 

SEPTEMBER 28, 1976‘

 

v”. - . .  

 

ﬁfth. vi . . s ..

.... h.-......». .«.’...r,..........- ~

 

Emergency Spending Line Ctit

 

Reduced By $9,500

by Lyn Harris

The SA $23,000 Emergency
Spending Linc (ESL) has been cut
$9.500 by Central Council.
according to Central Council Chair
Mike Levy.

A leveling off of SA funded
groups coupled with a.tight money
situation have caused the ESL to be
reduced to Sl3.500.

ESL is an offshoot of the SA
General Fund representing surplus

Falliest Goes On,-
Contract Problems rSolved

by David Drager

Falifest is coming. Months of
uncertainty and confusion are
finally over. Althouin planning for
the event began in .lurtc. its fate was
not dctcrniiticd until last week.

According to University-
Community Day committee Chair
Jim Cristro-Ilirtnco. the original plan
for the resurrected Fulll'cst was it
fund-raising carnival scheduled for
early iii the full term.

SA began its search for a firm to
handle rides and games for the fair in
June; by early July. II and I)
Amusement Company ititd been
citoscrt itttd offered a contract.

Contractual ambiguities later
arose over a cltttngc from a twu-
pttrty to a three-party contract.
making the contract unacceptable to
both SA and administrators.
according to Acting Director of
Strident/University Activities
James Doeiiefeid.

Wliiie a new contract was being
drtiwn tip late in July. it anti Ii
Amusements withdrew from its
commitment. citing an overload of
prior engagements. According to
Cathy Nussbaum of the SUNYA
Student Activities Office. the
contract had been iii effect only tett

' Amusements

days.

Once tigairt a search was begun for
a fi"m to handle lirrlifcst
amuse euts.

In mid-August. it
was once again
citoscn. According to Castro—
lllnnco. it was discovered that the
firnt couitl handle the carnival if it
were moved ahead it rnontir to
October. Despite the rctiscd date.
however. the firrti would agree to
provitle only a minimal number of
games to stippietncrit the rides. SA
was left to arrange all the other
booths planned.

Several weeks
opening of chi s
discovered that SA would be
charged for any security and
maintenance services required
beyond the usual pcrforrttcti by
SUNYA police and grounds staff.

According to Cttslro-Illanco.
howcvcr. Fallfest‘s most serious
problems urosc exactly two weeks
ago. At that time. SllNYA Vice
President for Finance anti Business
John Hartigan and Dean for
Studcttt Affairs Neil Brown
infortncd SA that i’ailfcst ‘7‘) might
be cancelled due to its hampering

a ti ti ll

prior to the
’ it was also

 

r'onlinru-r/ on page/it?

money from SA's operating budget.
ESL funds are used for non-budget
items. explained Central Council
Vice Chiiir Brian Levy. including
funds for new groups or group
events and publications.

SA Controller Craig Weinstock
said the reduction was precipitated
by the lack of art increase in major
groups. He added that stipends
previously included in the PSI, are
now ftirtdcd through the SA budget.

According to SA President Lisa
Newmark. the (icucratl Fund has
been rcdticcd its a result of “ 'apital
expenses“. such as the fundingofthc
Record and l-‘ood Co-ops arid
purchasing the SA van. Groups are
required to reimburse SA over a five
year period.

According to Mike Levy. last
year. SA underestimated the
amount of money owed by ccrtaiit
groups. thus resulting in a loss ol
funds. This was compounded by the
overspending of $i4.0t)0 by forittcr
SA President Patti I-‘eldniau. added
Itriatr Levy. ‘

"Ifacb group that requests funds
from Central Cotrncii will be taken

 

 

 

     

on its own merits." said Ncwnturk.
“and there will be no biankct
policies." She added that Central
(‘ouucii will have to be “more
conservative with its funds."
Requests tor funds from the l-iSi.

(Tentntl Council heads Mike Lev and Brian Lev .
Movi- rlr'rrronrtrrrtes conservative outlook.

I’lrolo: JUII Hm gas
are made to the Financial
Committee and tire titcri decided on
by Central Council. SUNYA Writer
Polo Team and tire Political Science
Association have botit rcccivcti
funds Ironi the IiSi..

Advisement Center Is Famed

by Sylvia Saunders

The Humanities anti Fine Arts
Ativisernent Center has recently
been formed in response to pa rental
rind studcttt requests for tnore staff-
studcnt interaction. uccortiing to
Center director Professor William
Grimes.

“'I'hc ccttter is designed to be it
third dimension ot advisement. iit
addition to Cilli and the student's

SUNY Board Refuses to Divest

 

Goal: Maximize Profit

by Charles Bell

SiiNY‘s Board of 'l'rustccs has
votcti to contirtue its policy of
placing economic return before
social matters when investing Sil NY
dollars in corporations.

The decision came after it 'ttl'Iy a
' of persistent SUNY student
‘csstlr‘c for divestment of
some seven ritiliiort dollars worth of
SUNY Iroidittgs itr South Africa.
Divestment was trrgcd as a protest
against that country's policy ol'strict

 

 

racial s I‘cgrttion.
“()trr priirtztt‘y responsibility is tiic
rtiirxinti/ation ol return on

investment.“ sititi SUNY it‘ttstcc
Donald Itirrrken.

Similar sentiments were ecitocd
by SUNY 'i r'trslcc .iittt Warren. who
claims that the Ilortrd will not sell
"good iritt'strrrcrtrs" solely on the
basis ol social problems irt nations
\vlrcrc corporations irrtcslt-d iii tlo
business. Warren rtddcd that the
llotrid “:tl\\.t\\ trtkcs .t ltztrrl look at
socrrtl concerns" when dealing with
Sin 's 85? rirrllrorr crrtiourrrcnt
ttrrtd.

Al lIit‘tl June 37 rrtt'i'ttrriI. fii‘NY
IlliSlt’t‘S ttlsrt \tIIt'tI litll lrr tlt\t'\l itr
South /\Itlt'.lli not
adhering to Iiti' Strllitrtir I‘itrtt‘tplt's
ol corporate plat-lite, iht' si.\
Sullivan l'rrnt'ipics outline equal
hiring. t‘llipltt\‘tltt‘lll itiltl pity
practices. and require integration til
races among American lirtrrs
operating in South Alrrt'a.

t'tll lltllrllltlllN

IP'I‘EMIIER 28. I979 ' '

Iliinkcu supports tiic Sullivan
i‘riricipics as an adequate . .rndard
for SUNY investment practices.

"The Principles seem to be tltc
most sensible approach to tire
probicru trritii a better ltIIL'lIiiIII‘.t: is
found.“ iic said.

Among student
disagreeing with lllirtkcn‘s opirtiorr
of the guidelines is Student
Association of the State University
(SASii) I’rcsitleitl Sharon Ward.

“The Sullivan Principles are
extremer flrtwcd and inadequate."
she said.

SASli supports no policy lcss
titrrrt the total divestment of stocks iit
companies doing business itr South
Alri‘a.

"We oppose upur'thciti. anti the
Sullivan Principles don‘t alleviate
the problem.“ said SASII Vice
President for (‘ttntptrs Alluirs lar'ry
Mriliirt. “ily virttic ol being itr South
Alrtcrr those companies foster an
systt-rtt tirrrr harrrts

 

lcrttlcrs

ccottoitiic
triirroritics,‘

Warren cirt lli\ tltrrt (livt'sllltt'lll ol
cutrcrtt South African holdings
\votrlri lrrrte ii negligible L‘llt't'l lll
ameliorating the social lllL‘tllltiIlllt‘\
irt South Africa.

“()trr holdingsiiicompaniesdoing
business iii South Africa are only it
Irriction of one percent of those
corttpauies' stock." he said.

The trustccs‘ decisions crtrtclctl
rccorrrrucudritions offered by the
Iloitrd (‘orrttnittee Report on SUNY

v

Investment Policy rind Social
(‘puccrns The report advised llrc
trustees to keep in forcirtost
consideration tltc economic
profitability of investments. while
urging SUNY to remain flexible

enough to take special social

problems into account. The
committee report crtlied the
divestment of South African

holdings unwise and imprudent.

“'Ihe responses represented the
broad spectrum from divestment on
moral grounds on the one Itattd to
considering only ecortoinic factors
on tltc other.“ he said.

illirikcrt called the llorrrd's
ultimate decision it “middle ground“
in that moral ttiiti sociitl aspects of
investment policy will not be entirely
discounted.

Although Wirrrcrt considers the
divestment issue it dead true. illirtkt'tr
believes it will “remain alive as long
as Iltcrc is rrprirtlrt'id." '

\\'lri|r' the tIl\C.\liIli.‘lil issue was
\\’ItIt'I)‘-tll\t'li‘.\t'tl rtt SUNYA last
year. no otgrrrri/rrtrotr uorkittg
t-xclrrsrtvly on this Issue has 311
critt'lgcrl this nt'rrrt'str't.

llob (‘ohvtr. torrrrvr president oi
the now tIt’Itilit'l SIINYA
t‘onrrttrttct‘ Aprtirisl Apartheid. said
that the issue "rs itot Ill lIlt' lotr'irorrt
rtt people‘s tiriritis."

Ilotii ('olrctt uttti MtIIIltI
hoping to rekindle student interest
in tire divestment issue iii the wake of
the Iloitrd's deCIsiott.

tttc

   
      

major department." said (irirncs.
"The program was created to give
students tnorc opportunities to talk
to faculty about educational
experiences."

The Advisement Center officially
operteti dtrring Strttimer Planning
Conferences. when staff members
counseled 300 lrcshmcn.

“We want students to be aware of
all ottr available courses. whether
they plan to major in lltrrnauitics or
not." said Assistant Dcitrr til the
(‘olicgc of Humanities and Hire
Arts Martha Ro/ctl.

“We hope to become more than a
place where students go to lutve their
add/drop crttds signed." she added.
“We want this to make the campuer
little more personal by going beyond
all procedural prtpcr work."

Another goal of the center is ttt
give students a sense of the
ilumrruities‘ place in tircir
educations uttd careers.

“So many students come iii and
tell iitc. ‘i'd really like to beat l‘rench
major. btrt business is more useful‘.“
said Rolett. “So we show them that
any Humanities course Would be
good lot someone in business."

The ccirtcr will provide students
with programs with speakers frttrn
other academic departments.
written information. workshops.
conferences. ttnd intern programs.

Grimes said. "It is a basic concept
that education should be well
rounded by Ilumattitics even for
caret" irt law. govcrrrrrtent.
medicine. business. or anything else.
Skills such as writing. speaking.
problem striving, anti orguniﬂttion
are indispensable in any field.
Sometimes prc-profcssitmrri careers
iire too speciali/ed. liniploycrs anti
graduate schools want tttore than

 

3

just experts iii their subjects."

"Mostly." cxplrtinctl Rorclt. “we
want to show that tiicre is it good
clitiicc of immunities courses that
are not impractical. These courses
prepare yotr for mticli trrorc than
being a high scltool teacher.“

The group considers ilseil art
rttlvocatc for studcrrtsrrntl “is willing
to lteip with any problems or
bureaucratic red tupe.“saitl (iriines.
“The center is open to anytmc who
doesn't know rtbotit the Humanities
program. thich includes uriticcidcti

continued on page live

. 
ti

 

~ u...“ w
,

. , j; .

Professor William G

"'l'n ltltllt't' Iltt' campus (I IIIl/t‘ ltltlt‘t'7lt".tttlltll.

' . ALBANYISTUDENT Baass.

a, ., .

rlmes is director of the Advisement center.

Photo: It‘ur/ (liltmr

tact; THREE

    
    
  
   
   
 
   
  
   
    
  
   
  
     
  
   
   
   
     
   
    
  
  
    
    
      
    
     
  
     
   
   
   
   
     
   
     
    
  
   
   
  
  
  
   
  
      
    
   
    
   
 
   
  
 
  
         
      
      
      
        
      
       
     
        
         
        
       
     
  

