 

...mamtowns”.... .

 

e‘ 

   

“do you have a cigarette?"

"Me?" asked the girl with the thick brown
hair who was sitting next to him in the cold.
dark, and desolate railway station where
everyday cardboard box-like train cars
transported tall, short, medium-height
business men, women. housewives. skilled
workers with white. black. brown. and yellow
skin to their destinations with as much en—
thusiasm as the passengers Inside of them:
their wheels scraping the track creating friction

The Stu err! Notebook

"Hey". said the talllsh' slender young man. ‘    

Frida Observ r

 

«w... m

of the '70's and '80'5." The Denver-based iirrrr
backs up this claim wltir a new poster: syn-
dicated coltttritrist Bolt (ireene sensuoust
peers out from under his cowboy hat wliilt'

acreage which is liis chest.

“If I eat the wrong kinds of

food, get no sleep and cut

down. on cuttin down

smoking and  ing, I can do
i .

 

it Is ahottt time the women of this nation
wised up and noticed the journalist. As a stir
dent of this art. I know that a good journalist is
tough-minded. smart. aggressive. and corn
passionate. He has to have a certain wimtdry
tn mechanics, air ability to master lllt' most
complex of subjects. including lllt‘ changing of
typewriter ribbons. And a nice little bout with
alcoholism never hurt his character.

Contrary to the belief broughl about by

 

m

 

 

 

 

So i followed the golden macrome fleece
which fell down sleekly to pearshaped but-l
rocks, into a small. dark rootn. it was your
basic collegiate quarters — candles. plants.
and a few Roger llean posters. You know. the
kitrd they sell on the podium for $4, 2 for $7.
She lit the candle and the flame created a
warm. misty. jar k-o latrlern glow. l nervously
St arched my brain for some superficial silence-
itlling conversation.

"Nice stereo." I said. That was a good. irt~
norunt opener Then my eyes beheld t
liear‘tliftitrg hitjlli. sitting over on the night
table l studied her face carefully -- no Clitrp
petl leI‘r. no tonlii’l'i. tnoist skirt I looked back
to lllt! implicating lllllt' container on the night

   

 

l:ll)l:,‘~r~lil'L‘llggtlll‘il: S ll.le'i. l smiled

Something For E

IlitttlLLII—E_Yltlt know. the kittd

so hot you could warm the cup of coffee the wanted and she couldn't Imagine herself get-
wIthered old woman with brown spots of fresh ting wet over him anyway like the first time
decay on her teeth was drinking at this very with Rodney who had withdrawn leaving his
moment; she looked at the girl and imagined a white sticky legacy inside of her and she had
smile on her own face. remembering when leaned back on the bed and smiled with obv
she was that young she was even prettier and vtous discomfort, her thick brown hair falling
bustier, too, but she didn't have no fancy on her back. wondering ‘was tliis' .n orgasm?‘
clothes to drape 'em with, and the girl perceiv- and where was the beautiful burning of
Ing the old woman's nostalgic scrutiny turned everlasting love that had been foretold to her
and glanced for a second. at the Same time over the radio? while Rodney began to let out
reaching Into her purse to fish out one ofthose a complacent snore. but this guy didn't look
goddamned things this guy had asked for; but anything like Rodney anyway and he just
of course he hadn't asked for what he terrify wanted a cigarette and he just wanted to get

Watergate and All the President's Men. jour-

least the real journalist of the print media
doesn't. Petrvbrained pretty boys are well-
suited for television news. or better yet.
politics. The depiction of the burly. yet charm-

females are treated to the considerable hairy trig Bolt Greene shows that this country is at

the advent of something big
the Lou Grant look.

After git/ing at (Erectier photo. my mind
moved quickly "Willi the right breaks." I
thought. “ill be a Journalist iii the '80s." l ratr
htrmt: anti stripped to the waist. After viewing
my paltnch iti IlIt‘ mirror. lt‘ould definitely SL’t'
possibilities

say size 42 v

If | eat the wrong kinds of food. get no sleep
and cut dowtr on cutting down on smoking
and drinking. l can do it‘ All it would taki-
would be a concerted t'flttll at neglecting tny
body. I began to waiver Do l have the self
discipline to take on such an endeavor? l
Iilt'dli. will l be strong enough to pass up
salads and vegetables IiI favor of popcorn and
bacon? Wit-ii if somebody asks Inc to walk

Wintertt'me

 

When Life Ain’t

I'm sitting in LC 12. My Cobol teacher is
droning on. more and more. on atrd on.
"Report litre is generated." he is saying. “when
the variable is calculated three times upon the
. .  Ugh! Forty more minutes of tnisery. lt's
December. it's cold here in Albany. I hated
dusting off the of winter coat. It brought back
memories oi frozen fingers and chilled ears.
Memories of painful slips and slides on icy
walkways come back and haunt me. and cer-
tain areas oi my body. Winter. Yes. soon it will
snow. White. Failing white. The whole cam-
pus will be white. White everywhere. Oceans|
and oceans of white. Oceans. And white~
White sands. And Oceans. White sands.
warm and soothing under my back. l'm laying
on my back on the white sands of a gorgeous
tropical Island. The sun shines down coatln
my body with its glorious warmth. as l bask 0:

to myself despite various
Vaseline means sex And if the
l was into those da
assed sex.
Joltingly. l nudged over to the tilt hi I‘ ll
piglted up the Jumbo rectangularviar illllfl :rlilf'l
V You really lileif>ﬁlllilnlll skitr litlltiq‘
\vitrter. But eh llirit's a family sired: ' 
She smiled cnyly The kind of ﬁiilll’ldll‘
could pop your heart and make you Ic rL-IIW
say even another word. Me. l'th‘rJlln‘l m
ktnkv myself. I rctrd ltrxtlts that had Ill} 0!
ltljlt‘ on them since i was twelve and f “*m'dl
t'tl about inciting watt-rttn'lotrs .l “mas”
lint my taste iti niclonslrad changed 'I'l : i
were gonna be my first pair of "litrmp l’lcls'il‘

I only .

defense taps
I re was anything
ys. Il was bare. tight. raw-

   

Vel‘Yone

 
 
 
  

 

 

out oi this town only to walk irtto some saloon

he had worked so many years in the paper mil

with Richard when the blood seemed to gorge
In his throat arid his anal sphincter contracted
In fear and his legs felt like they were drained

We

The Lou Grant Look

A distributor of personality poster; recently
declared that “journalists are the sex symbols nalistsrdo not look like Robert Redford. At

across the street when i could take a car? And
all the fresh air that witrter brings could be
detrimental to a smoket's back.

My first move was to find people who have
made it -- the ones who through their efforts.
look revoltineg sexy, l was lucky to come
across a few chaps who get together every
Saturday night and watch Bowling for Dollars
iii torn undershitls while ingesting beer and
Twinkies. At first it was difficult for me to keep
tip with these guys. after all they had much
more training. But despite their lack of intellec
tual activity. i really admire their utter lack of
physical activity as well,

A lesson it) being coarse will also help. I've

got my litre all set when Bo Derrick asks tne
about the tough journalism World: “Well.
honey it's like this. You let me do some In‘
vestigalion of your soil features. and ill be
sure to show you some hard news."
- l figure as soon as I hit the real newspaper
world. ill be ready for sex‘symbolhood. Ats
titudes are changing arid i know the jour-
tralists' time has come

the beach. stretching my limbs at will. Tire
water. a deep clear blue. laps gently at my
feet. On the horizon Is a small boat. What a
glorious ecsatic place | find myself in.

i feel a little hungry, so I raise my left arm
and snap my fingers. Immediately. three
gorgeous suntanned native girls rush to my
side. Marinda. the lovlest of all three looks at
me with her long auburn hair and dee
pleading brown eyes. "How may we serv:
you. oh master?" I smile and send her for
Island delicacies. while i keep the compan oi
the other two. Almost Immediately she retull'ns
with a wicker basket oi the fittest fruit i had
ever seen, Sweet golden grapes. rich tropical
oranges. and slices oi golden pineapple wer
delicately fed to me. The juices were 0
than the finest hone SW98

I reach over and g

tcr
ys. Oh. glorious paradise.
ently touch Marlnda. her

Dr. R. Vo tek

 

sweet between 26
thought

Ibite turned to the mirror (the one over the
( tesset) and started to lift her shirt
ing. she taunted

a.m “College is great." i

Th ‘ I “No peek-
a was: ‘1

What's another 5 minutes? tillllllrtlr[lSJrlmll'ltt
to me when sht- blew out the candle l‘ch SIll
ttL‘t’ the trillittlti‘Iit' breasts heading III in d”llf
non flirty floated over to the hcd andvb ll“

to zero tti on my mouth Then again mlrul”l
my mouth lt‘tlit‘tl tti on them Myl [y n
watered as 1 prepared for my second iInnlnh
form of facial My serpent totrguct ‘ awn“.
to greet its tit-witttttid pit! h l
on a dry. cracked
:tcally hack to its

rtcherl oitt I'

y The ‘it'l'llt‘lll circled

surface and slithered ltan ll

littlt‘ lint the large bremt ‘
I.

l‘ Vt gs X

N  '

was

In dodge City, bang his palm on the bar. and
yell 'whlskeyl' while round and jaded trollopes
encircled him like a wagon train and maybe
would threaten to scalp hitn of airy self-esteem
he mtght've ever had or just all oi the money

for. where the hideous stench had fotiiid a

home in his nose and the waste rested placidly
on the river choking It to death. like the light

decent meal tonight. .

    

S

and left to hang limp. he realized for llIt'
time that he had the capacity to lrlll. I.

first

ill t‘\t‘l)
the president WhOIS lle was so otlttlictatud

with lies and corruption at ll‘tl“ lililtll that rr
really wouldn't matter anyway. bttt she
bad-looking. her hair's a bit too Willi littl it

wasn't

| doesn't matter because III a fun hm.
everything will evaporate Iilltt lilisslitl Iilllti
ierence and the end of the jI)llIlIt'\.‘ r. gt“...
you get there. y'know?

“I'm sorry." she answered. “I don't x. I'Ii] r.,
have any."

"Well. thanks anyway. Sec ya ' .

 

No longer will there be shami- Iti jl'iliu‘
reporting. No longer will the journal i in
made fun of. No longer will there In trim
pretentlons oi leing writers. no Irrrtgwr Ulll
there have to be masquerades. The ( rrlltiit‘ ‘«

P090 40

 

 

 

 

 

now ready for the following sight irmd lit-l?
high. glasses intact. identity crisis II\‘I'I 1 mil.
Kent comes out of the phone booth 0

Jeffrey Neuburger

Easy

skin is silk to the fingers. l draw lit-r tlltst'
beside me. llook Into her beautiful eyes. pr oh
of the wonders oi the World. I could spt'titf
eternity holding Marinda beside me. Parade-m
Suddenly i hear a loud thud on my left I
tttrn and look down to see my Coboi book had
fallen off my desk. onto the black tiles bt-iow
Tiles? Cobol? Where was Marinda. whcrt- tllll
she go? i look up. The seats around the tilt‘
empty. The blackboard l5 clear. The teacher‘s
desk Is empty, except for one Coke can ()ll.
misery. It was only a dream, a WOIItlt‘I’tllh
dream. lbend to pick up my book. lgathcr my
papers and books and walk slowly towards the
door.
As i step out oi the lecture renter. l'in hit by
a cold. cutting wind. l bundle my coat close to
me, and start the trek to Indian. hoping in! d

    

 

utm-

 

 

 

   

l

i

t

trl on my bf ( uspitl V'K’r ’
l

r

llllll

Nuwllw'" l” “(W- l ft'lt llit' brlt' |l‘.l:rri I r in

mart ti

.ltﬁlml l“ (It'<l"~ Intuit/r" lst‘ttntttu i l ‘t
"“ ‘l"”| “Hit lit-ind llrlillt“r, minw \lt if

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Overseas Adventure

 

My heart pounded wildly and fear crept
through every inch of my body. My thoughts
were muddled and the smile faded from my
face. The guard's icy stare was penetrating.
His hands were swift and suddenly the gate
slammed shut. l was left behind. I wasn't
allowed to enter the country. At first lthought
this can't be happening to me: i was ignorant
of the accusations against me. I was sure of my
Innocence.

Audrey Specht

l have always thought of Russia as an op-
PTESlVe nation. a prohibitive land. but Its ar-
bitrary selectivity In whom they allow to visit
their country had never touched me personal—
ly. The guard was young and shyness crept
over his countenance rendering a misplaced
air of authority. But there I stood. unable to
pass through customs and enter the forbidding
city of Leningrad. l was later told the visa l was
carrying was unsigned. but at the time I felt like
part of a Dostoyevski scenario. i wasn't living
vicariously however. through Dostoyevski's
writing. it was real. It was happening. l was in
Russia. This was how lbegan the first day of a
two week Easter vacation while l was studying
In Denmark last spring semester. A semester
filled with intrigue and adventure

Four years of undergraduate study pass by
so quickly that many students miss out on
numerous opportunities that could be lIlCUI"
potated Into eight semesters of work Study
abroad is a unique opportunity to add air in:
ternational dimension to academic and social
life. An international experience not only
broadens perspectives iii any field of study. it
provides a heightened awareness of the social.
political and cultural significance of foreign nar
lions. as well as the importance of the United
States in a global context

Although the State University of New York
offers opportunities to study in more than
twenty five major cultural and geographical
regions of the world. too many students are
t’lllit'l unaware of these International pt'tr
grams, or they harbor pie-conceived notions
about them. Many seem to feel that study
abroad is either too difficult. loo cxpcnsrve. itr-
computable with llIt'Il program requirements.
t)l demands a second language The major
difficulty however. inherent in an overseas
ew cultural on

 

 

program is adapting to the n
viroiiment. This obstacle though. contributes
enormously to rtrental growth in t‘nulti-faceted
personal development.

International programs are generally no
more expensive than a semester at SUNYA.
because students usually pay tuition to
Albany. ()nct' overseas. it is possible to
carefully budget an allowance and overcome
the obstacle of finance. In short, the benefits
far outweigh Ilie costs.

As for the constraints of Academic re-
quirements. if a student plans early he or she
will not have much difficulty in completing
major requiit'meiits before departure. Hannah
Hill. Assistant to the Director of international

 

 

Studies. pointed out that "one thing we are
trying to do is create an interest at the
freshman level so If there Is an Interest In stu-
dying overseas the student carr check into it
and satisfy obligations before It is too late."
This is not as hard as it sounds. and many
times the academic offerings in an Interna-
tional program are applicable to the student's
major. and there Is no problem obtaining a
transfer of credits. Study abroad is not limited
to any one particular semester. however. so
students at all levels have the opportunity In
study In a foreign country. Valerie Nonivaggi.
a senior who Is planning to spend her last
semester abroad said that going abroad In her
senior year was not too late. “in fact. for me it
Is the best time to go because I can stay on for
the summer and travel tnore on my own.
Besides It IS the perfect finish to three and a
half years of hard work at Albany." she said.
Carl Cohen. an accounting major minoring In
Spanish. opted to participate-in a six week. in»
tenslve language program in Cuertiavaca.
Mexico. As Carl put it. "I have many re-
quirements to complete for my major so I was
glad that there was a summer session that
enabled me to fit international study into my
program." I

Americans udentsAlrt oa 

run all students find it incredibly rewarding."
Mrs. Hill also felt that the nutnber of steps in
volved In the process makes it a little bit easier.
"As the student becomes more Involved with
researching programs. anticipating departure.
and finally climbing aboard the plane. he or
she Is so mentally Involved that the actual fear
of leaving becomes secondary."

I will never forget the anxiety gnawing away
at the pit of my stomach when I finally arriv-
ed In Copenhagen. lwas scared. ldtdn't know
what lay ahead » whether l would get along
with my Danish family or If it would be easy to
make friends. My thoughts ran wild and I was
worried It wouldn't all work work out. I was
alone in Copenhagen. I had to make this city
my home. I thought l was the only one feeling
this way. but lsoon learned my anxieties were
not unique. Most of us had chosen to live with
Danish families. and we all longed to become
more than just another American student. 50
there we stood in the lobby of the Scandas
Hotel. suitcases In hand. anxious to begin our
spring semester in Copenhagan. Within days
the anxiety dissipated. the obstacles became
smaller. and I began to feel secure. I had we
ceeded In the first period of adjustment and

 

“Oh God, 'Oh God, I was scared out of my

brain. I was so disorganized and I couldn’t find

a place to stay. I was no longer home and it

was either sink or swim. lageda lot in thatfirst

week because I was forced to get it together
ond look out for myself!l”

l'lill emphasised that “more and more
students are interested itr overseas programs
who don't have a second language. We enr
courage these students to lill(t' advantage of
the numerous opportunities to participate lII a
foreign program where knowledge of the
language is not necessary."

All the programs offered vary greatly in
scope. covering almost all areas of academic
interest. Students can also choose to complete
one semester abroad or extend their participa
tion to a year. The actual coutses. class struc
titre and living arrangements a student can
select from differ with each program. There is
no one set way to study abroad. Each student
reaps the personal rewards of his or her unir
que experience.

One Important factor that causes students to
shy away from foreign study is fear. A it at that
they will not be able to adapt to life In a strange
country or communicate with the people. One
thing all prospective students should unders-
tand Is that this element of fear Is vital In shape
Ing their international experience. The first
pangs of arrxlety are only natural and the feel-
ing of accomplishment it fascilitates Is over-
wheltnirrg. A5 Hannah Hill pointed out. “In the
short run It Is difficult to adjust but in the long

had made Denmark my home.

The countries may vary. and the programs
may be different. but the initial feelings that
pervade the first weeks of a student's ex~
pt-rierrcc remain the same Laura Rogow. a
senior who spent last spring in London was
ridden with the some doubts when she arrived
in Heathrow Airport. "Oh God. Oh God. I
was scared out of my brain. I was so
disorganized and I couldn't find a place to
stay. l was no longer home and it was either
sink or swim. l aged a lot in that first week
because I was forced to get it together and
look out for myself." There are many facets
to study abroad. As Laura Rogow pointed
out. you learn how to take care of yourself.
This element of mental awareness becomes an
Integral part in shaping the educational ex-
perience. Academically. there is a chance to
study disciplines that are not offered at
SUNYA and an opportunity to see the world
from a different angle of thought. Overseas
programs also provide language students with
a unique posssibllty to heighten their proficien-
cy In the language. Many language majors cite
study abroad as an essential eiernent In advan-
cing their fluency and confidence with the
language.

 

 

 

 

. ' w A
. ~. " ’

Randi Cohen. a Spanish major, emphasiz-
ed the importance of this factor and cited It as
the most Important reason why she decided to
study in Madrid. As she put It. "I got as much
or more out of one semester in Madrid that l
have itr all the Spanish courses l have taken
here In Albany." Randi also felt that the pro-
fessors were interested In making their courses
strictly a learning experience and most Impor-
tantly the constant contact with Spanish
speaking people enabled her to reach a higher
level of fluency.

Another student who studied In Nice for
nine months agreed with Randi. She said that

as a result of her French experience and the

 

 

constant Interaction with French speaking
peoples she feels more confident with the
language. Although both girls did spend alot
of time with American students. Randi stated
that "There was dallnira social expoun- to
foreigners." and when you are there to learn

the language this is a crucial element for suc-
cess. Shari Garber. another student who
wanted to improve her language skills. felt that
the opportunity to improve her Hebrew was

far greater in lsrael than it was at home.

The best part of any International ex—
perience is the knowledge the student brings
home: a knowledge far greater than he or she
could ever anticipate. Academic life plays a
substantive role. but cultural exposure Is the
decisive factor In coloring the student's ex-
perience abroad. ~

Peter Troiano. a Spanish and French majo
who completed back to back semesters In Col—
umbia and France, felt the social aspects of
studying abroad were an integral part of his
year out of the States. "I had a gamut of ex-
periences ranging from political arguments
with foreigners to losing my way In the moun<
taIns of Medellin to boogeying at the Elysee
Matignon in Paris. 1 had Swedes. Africans,
Englishmen. and Brazilians among my friends
so the contact and interactions were Intense. It
was incredibly enlightening and challenging."

Laura Rogow and Randi Cohen agreed
with Peter. As Laura put it, "You really can
not experience a country from studying out of
text books. A real understanding comes from
being a part of the country, It comes from the
theatre. the bars. the streets, the shops, from
everything around you." Randi felt the same
way and thought the opportunity to study In
Madrid allowed her to see how people live in
another part of the world. “i experienced
other life styles. I learned a great deal, and it
was definitely a growing experience. i was on
my own and I learned to face situations that i
didn't know I could deal with. it was a Very im-
portant experience. I couln't just pick up the
phone and call home. It felt like my Mom was
a million miles away."

Completion of an International program.
anywhere In the world. Is a constant‘challenge
and broadens all perspectives of thought. An
overseas experience therefore, becomes a
dramatic and rewarding way to enhance four
years of undergraduate study. 0

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

