....-.r_..."

 

 

 

    

Looking studious and pretending to be
aware. Being cool by disaeknowledging the
pain in your gut and washing it away with
bobze or dope. Don‘t say hello. Don‘t
remember where you come from.

Maybe you're Irish. Maybe you're African.
Maybe you’re ltalian. You're a lot of colors.
You're a lot of nationalities. Every time you
take a look at where you come from no matter
who you are —— be it silver-spooned or not
haunted — you really don‘t want to look. No
one does. '

' While you may be asking yourself the age
old question who am i. consider this: You are
the last vestiges of a once rich soil. All the

ﬂ is e a o p
or at e at It
or e o o .o e
to o a» o l
e: at o e to o
o it it i i
o e c e o e
or at _ﬁ a C
at 'e e o e o

 

technology and all the aristocracy and all the
humble roots of that once rich soil will not
bring back the life of anyone‘s dead. Forget
that you care about one another at heart.
There are heros among you. They‘lldo thejob
for you. They‘ll suffer silently while you go
have a party to forget where you come from.
They'll take your pointed criticisms and it’ll be

just like after high school when you leave here .

yo "ll remember them and it‘ll tear you up. if
anybody leaves this time. That's the real
question of life. isn‘t it? if. if only. if only i.

All the serious people who already love you
and who remain unacknowledged by ydu —r

they‘ll be going through their days knowing-

H
There’ll be no more Name.
One atomic bomb and“ there will

be no more ‘ ‘ heros . ’ ’
that life is more than a picnic in Florida. All

 

..-~ w “t.

 

 

the squares from every department on
campus. They'll be there. Nobody will be
laughing at you if you go too.just a few cool
people who really can‘t take it. You really
don‘t bare to worry about the draft anymore.
There‘ll be no more Nams. One atomic bomb
and there will be no more “heros”.

' l was a coward once. i did drugs for twelve
years. i lay on a hospital bed once for ten
hours and all I could do was breathe. So l'll be
the last one to condemn you on account of
that. l was meant'to nearly die so that so a lot
of people could maybe live. Were you meant
to merely live or did you ever have a dream
that people really cared?

_......r—

The people that make bombs and bullets
they really don‘t like me. I've been working
with people "of every religiouspcrsuasion and
nationality for some time now. i don't"ever
condemn soldiers — I only condemn bullets
ttnd bombs.

Do you want to live to see your children's
cltildren‘t

How about your little brothers and sisters
back home?

is there anyone you want to live for? lfonly

if you can‘t get tlte bus. take the car.
Your friend.

 

Kevin

' '- were stuck whether we liked it or not. a '

ANmm
To Remember

To the Editor:
On August l9. l979. my ﬁancee and l found

ourselves traveling to Albany.New York for a
combined business/pleasure trip. I especially
looked ~forward to this trip as we had
attended college at Albany State University
and had spent some of the most memorable
years of our lives in Albany.

When we arrived in Albany at
approximately l0130 pm. we checked into the
Travelodge Motel. located at l230 Western
Ave.. Albany. New York.’ 12203. Having
driven over l50 miles from New York City. we
decided to go out to eat before retiring to our
room.

Upon returning to the motel. we were
shocked to discover the accomodattons which
had been assigned to us. The room itselfwas in
shabby condition. 1 sat down on the bed and
felt as if my pants were wet. i felt the bed with
my hand. and. indeed. it was soaked. Upon
further inspection (by this point we had
turned down the bedspread) We noticed a

.number of small white bugs crawling in the

bed.

Needless to say. we were repulsed at the
thought of spending a night under such
conditions anti proceeded to contact the
night-manager. a Mr. Ward. Mr. Ward came
to inspect our room. (number 132) and was
both uncooperative and obnoxious. Hestatcd
that if we were unable to show him the actual
bugs we found he would not be ttblcto cltangc
ourlaccomodations. l informed himthttt i had
not thought of holding onto the bugs for his
arrival. but had flushed them down the toilet
when l cncountcrcdtltcnt. l ttlso asked him to
feel either the bed. which was soaking wet. or
to touch one of the towels we found in out
bathroom which was also disgustingly damp.
He again refused. stating that he was only the
night manager. and had no authority to do
anything. and that we would have to contact
the general manager at 6:30 am. Upon
departing. Mr. Ward also made a quite
uncalled for and lewd remark ab0ut the fact
that Travelodge was used by all sorts of
characters for all sorts of reasons and he
qUestioned out intentions for reserving the
room in the first place. This sort ofinsttlt was
most uncalled for and even more irritating

'under the circumstances.

Having no intention of spending the night
under such intolerable conditions. i informed
Mr. Ward that we would not be using the
room at all and requested that he take back
the roont keys. Again. he rcfusctl saying we

it was now approaching l200 am. and there
literallywas not a room to be had in the entire
city. Rather than subject ourselves to the
filthy dank. bug infested room with which we
were presented. we were forced to resort to
spending the night sleeping in our earl!

At 6:30 am. i spoke with the general
manager of the motel. l explained the entire
situation to him. including the fact the room
had gone unused and that we were forced to
spend the night sleeping in the motel parking
lot. He refused to even inspect the quarters
which we had been assigned. He was verbally
abusive. rude. and quite unprofessional in his
approach to the problem. in essence. he
maintained that he had already gotten my
signature on the charge slip and that was all
that he needed to get paid. whether or not any
services were provided.

in an effort to clean-up the following
morning and present ourselves before our
clients. we resorted to washing in a public rest
room and had to compose ourselves despite
our harrowing experience. We entered our
meeting looking desheteltd and suffering
from a lack ofa good night's sleep. Needless to
say. we were visibly upset and unable to
conduct our business presentation as we had
hoped.

. Asa graduate of the Class of '76 ofAlbany
State University. 1 am well aware of the
exposecs which the ASP has done in order to
bring justice and ﬁght against frauds
committed on the student population. As the
Travelodge Motel is in such close proximity to
the Albany State campus.l believe it would be
worthwhile for your editorial slaffto look into
this situation. This might prevent other
unexpecting students. parents. and visitors to
our school from falling victim to such abuse.

Sincerely.
'l'eri S. Koff

Nuclear Power:
Positive Reaction

To the Editor: ’

The time has come for a rational assessment
oftltc energy situation. it is widely known that
nuclear poWer is not l00% safe. Obviously.
the wisest solution is to replace it with
something which is. Unfortunately. the
technology for such an energy system does ttot
presently 'exist. We can speak glowingly of
solar and fusion power. bttt they are
economically attd technologically not feasible
ttl this poittt. lfnuclear power is phased out. it
will definitely be replaced by more fossil fuel
consumption; this is certain. But put quite
simply. petrochemical energy is more

 

 

 

 

ATMOSPHERIC TESTtlJCa

 

 

 

 

 

1 map «bu wttEM WOW
9 Hate tr '
was LA in

OT

amg‘z’ («£0406 l'OR‘A

seer seat/rs
TAXES 

I TRUSTED (1’00 amen YOU 5%
MS SAFE l) AR wASTE' (OAS MSWBLE,
BU ZS WARS

/

 a
7-1 our-Imm—

TEE YOURS sﬂLL
10 90M? HT

1 TRUSTEV

NUCLEAR MEWS (OER? OULIKEL‘K
BUT (M l47ll: 2,73; THREATS To
PU TV AND (U H79."

 

(«DU wast) ((00 660095

as: mm MAW

 

.....»v Nuns-w... _ v- .wmw... .. .

 

 

 

 

dangerous than nuclear power. it is more
dangerous. Merely because we have been
exposed to it longer. we are more inured to
casualities resulting from an understood and
accepted danger.

Nuclear power is feared because of the
possible consequenCes should a major
accident occur. lfa major accident does occur.
which still ltas not happened. signifigant
radiation might leak. causing health hazards.
such as cancerand birth defects. This is. again.
an exceptional situation. and probably would
not occur in a hundred years. Fossiljuel
plants. however release pollutants that have
effects identical to those of radiation. as part
of their regular operation. Every year.
thousands of people across the country die
from the pollution produced by-these oil
burning plants. Let me assure you that it is
certainly no more pleasant to die from
pollution induced cancer than it is to die from
nuclear plant radiation induced cancer; but it
is much more common. much more real a
danger. Birth defects and deformities are also
major resultss of pollution. again produced
not by oil plant accidents. but by daily
operation.

Every stage of coal and oil use is fraught
with danger. Coal miners-tire still regularly
and permanently debilitated by Black Lung
Disease. Explosions of fuel storage tanks. ctc.
kill hundreds of people a year and muitn
countless others. Gas muitt explosions are a
frequent and common occurttncc. Per Watt of
power produced. fossil fuels kill thousands.
millions of times more people than nuclear
power. Even should a major nuclear accident
occur. "China Syndrome“ type. for fewer
people would be affected than those who are
now killed frotn oil and pollution. A nuclear
accident would kill many people at onetime
and one place. a much more dramatic and
frightening situation than the gradual passing
of the far greater number of petrochemical
victims who are much more widelydistributed
in space attd tittte. arid therefore less noticed.
though just as dead.

Apparently. then. lllL' fears of nuclear
power have no rational basis. Nuclear power
may have some hazards. but far fewer titan
conventional energy sources. It is the tinkown
qualities. the mystique of atomic power which
makes it so frightening. it is probably less
painful to die from radiation poisoning titan
from burns over 80% ofthc body. bttt it is a lot
scarier to watch. Atomic power is new and

unfamiliar. it is associated with nuclear.

weapons; but they bear no closer similarin
than between a forest fire and an internal
combustion engine.

There will always be people who fear and
light new innovations. and wltilc l certainly do
ttot believe itt progress simply for the sake of

 

———— progress. when tt clearly superior system is

developed. I accept it. i will ctiually gladly
abandon nuclear power when new tccltttology
is developed. but at this titttc. nuclear power is
tltc cleanest. cheapest. .t'rt/i'xl fortn of energy
we have.

V Patti Kirkans~\’uI‘vuyunis

speak out for you!

 

 

ﬂ!!!”
Students of Albany State:
This is your newspaper and it can

letters and columns and encourage
a you to voice your opinion through
thoughtful, intelligently written letters.
If you want to be heard.
then we wantto hear from you!
Let the ASP be your voice to SUNYA!

W

What is Happening
at Phi Beta Kappa?

To the Editor:

i wish to employ this letter as a means of
inquiring into the nature and practices of
SUNYA‘s chapter of Phi Beta Kappa. it
seems that this society cloaks itselfin mystery.
assuming an impervious defense when the
issues of its nature and admission
requirements arise.

For instance. to the best of my knowledge.

required for securing admission to the society.
Yet. two of my closest friends were admitted
to Phi Beta Kappa with what. on any
reasonable construal. cannot be considered
any mastery of a foreign language. Onc
completed no foreign language courses on a
university or college level and the other
completed a semester of Greek and Latin.
receiving grades of "D" for each at a more
prestigious institution than SUNYA.

Another element in this mystery is tltc
manner in which one is nominated to Phi [Iota
Kappa. One of my friends applied for
mctnbcrsltip and was given a list of
requirements to fulfill including the task of
procuring six references to speak itt his behalf
The otlter. whose GPA at SUNYA was some
22 percentage points lower than the first. did
not apply attd was nominated without his
knowledge. His formal acceptance was by
telephottc call; one can imagine his surprise
when he received tltc acceptance cull frottt a
society to which he did not even apply!

Finally. one tnust question the standards of
cxcellenc: employed by Phi Beta Kappa itt
their constant searclt for quality members.
Such question is occussioned by the fact that
the Albany chapter of Phi Beta Kappa
admitted to its society a student who. wltilc
attending a more prestigious instutution than
SUNYA. achieved a GPA of slightly over
2.00. Yet. anotltcr student was neitltcr
nominated nor considered by the society. llis
credentials? Merely acceptance to. and
fellowships 'from. such universities as
Harvard. University of Chicago. Princeton.
Johns Hopkins and Berkcly for graduate
study itt Political Science.

All of this calls. I believe. for some sort of
illuminating explanation by the SUNYA
chapter of Phi lie/a Kappa. It is the rigltt of
this academic community to know witttt to
make of those happy students who prance
through our balls with the l’llK golden key

L .

ll

 

 

editorial,

Is Anybody Learning Anything?"

These notes are being constructed on The New York State Thruway. in a beat-up

'Chevy. 16 MPG. 72 MPH. The goal is' SUNYA. a survivor in the face ofadversity, a

representative of the American example of higher education. A place where i can put
aside the car. deﬂate inﬂation. still cop at $40. and decide to what degree i am going to
alienate myself from reality. For that's what it is. to a very great extent; an alienation
from the screaming problems of the outside world. which. by the way, i have been told
I am inheriting once handed my.diploma.

Now that‘s comforting. knowing that until that sunny graduation day in late May
comes. the extent of my social responsibilities is attending enough quad parties to be

. I I I deemed socially acceptable. But is that what it‘s going to be like in the “rcal"world. or
some modicum of foreign language mastery ts .

is it possible that the American dream machine is no longer producing grade A goods:
that four years of college in the USA does not an acceptable citizen make? Tltatis not
comforting. That‘s scary. I

if ever there was a generation gap. it exists today. in the homes and classrooms of
young Americans. Parents can't understand why their kids feel that The Dead tonight
are more important than school or work tomorrow. and professors can't bring
tltemselvcs to accept the fact that the "A" is more important than the knowledge such a
grade truly demands acquiring. .

All our lives. we are forever told that someday. we are the people who are going to be
running America. Now that it's time to pick it up. do we really want it? Probably not,
since these last four years at college have taught most ofus little else other than to get
the best for the least effort. and to worry about yourself more than ever over the guy
next door. No wonder we try to get as much gas we can while it lasts. it’s just like
college. There are a limited nttmbcr of "A‘s" and gallons. and we‘ve got to get them
over that guy next door. who‘s also applying to your med school and needsjust as
much gas as you. is this what college is preparing us for?

it would seem much less ludicrous ifat least the administrators had some vague idea
of the problems education is facing on tltc grand scale. To place the blame on someone
or something is a moot point. but to act on the problem isn't. it seems fairly evident
that the American student is not about to walk into the president‘s ofﬁce of his or her
school and ask for fundamental changes in the way education is implemented.
Therefore. the task must fall to the faculty and administration of the institutions. and
the concerned faction of the student body who demonstrate a sincere interest in
bringing back education to the college campus.

When President Carter made his pitiful energy speech over the summer, he
mentioned a crisis of confidence. selfishness.le of faith in America.and no solution.
Although Carter ltit the sorrowful nztil rigltt on its head. it won‘t do a damn thing.

A realistic solution. thougli.~is obviously not easily come by. But in order to ever
reach one. we must start with a sensible fch for the real problem. While Carter has at
least that in his corner. at the colleges around America. even that step has not been
reached. Just like America will be forced to enlcra new era oflivittg because ofchangcs
in the basic principles ofexistcncc in today‘s world. education will have to do the same.
A new approach is called for. maybe even front the very roots ofcducational tcnets
that ltavc been around for hundreds of years. The world is at'a turning point. and
cvcrythittg contained itt it will how to adjust accordingly. '

Right now. tltctt. tltc world i.\' a barrel ofillusions. and dangerously incorrect ones at
that. l implore those who have a genuine feeling that education today demands
fundamental changes to react in sotnc way. Write to this newspaper. call up the
Chancellor. tell your roommate. When tttc towcrs crumble under the hands of Hi"
vandals. you will at least. if nothing else. feel the satisfaction of knowing first.

. Until then. i will be on The New York State Thruway. for l havejust run out ofga
~J.B.G.

 

dangling front their necks. it is '
upott l’llK to provide some sort of public
information about their nature and admission
requirements and provide some sort of
explanation for the anomalies articulated in
this letter. Will this elite (l have reservations
about denontinating it an academic or
intellectual elite) answer my queries. queries
supported by documented facts. or will it
continue to conceal itself beind its cloak of
potnposity and presence?

Paul l‘. 'l’uglione

We welcome your

 

 

é

 

Jay E. Gissen. Editor-inChicl
Ronald Levy. Managing Editor

News Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Charles Bell
Associate News Editors . . . Richard Behar. Wendy Greenfield. Michele israel
ASPccte Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Stuart Matranga
Sports Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Paul Schwartz
Associate Sports Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Mike Dunne
Editorial Pages Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Eric Salzingcr

Staff Writers: Ed Goodman. Mark Rossicr. Beth Scxcr. Aron Smith, Debby Smith. Hy Stadlcn
SUNYA News Bruits: Evelyn Ellis '
Debbie Kopf. Business Manager

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Stcvc Goldstcin
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lisa Applcbaum

Advertising Manager
Billing Accountant
Composition Manager
Sales: Kathy Rosco, Rich Scligson Classified Advertising: Slew Mducr, September Klein
Composition: Fran Diamond Advertising Production: Rottdyc Boer. Suc Housman
Donna Reirhcr. Anty Sours Office: Evelyn Ellis

 

liobin Goldberg. Production Manager

Marty Vttkovich. Production Manager
Vertical Camera . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Dove Benjamin
Typist . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Marilyn ‘Spccdy Fingcrs' Moskowitz
Paste Up: Vinnie Aitello. Lisa Bongiorno. Mario ltaliano Proofreaders: Donna Reichncr
Ronnie Sut'ltcr Chauffeur: Andy Panzer

Photography. supplied principally by University Photo Service
Established 1916
Hie Alhony Student Press is published every Tuesday and Friday during the school year by the
Albany Student Press Corporation. on independent; not-lor-prolit organization. Editorial policy
'5 determined by the Editor-in-Clticl. and is subtcct to review by the Editorial Board. Mailing
Address: Albany Student Press. CC 329. 1400 Washington Aura, Albany. NY 12222.
(518) 457-8892

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

. a .Jth ’ r) set-1WD}
. r

.J ..__.__g , ,

If the world is a barrel of illusions (and not OPEC oil). then why am I paying more ‘
than ever to live it to the same degree?

 

3.
‘ 
l.

 

.xA

4.....e

194»?er _-.

 

 

