 

 

 

 

 

 

  

Eh 3;

a?

< h.
f

 

 

 

 

30 Wlldwood kids came to SUNYA for a pumpkin-
decorltlng party Tuesday. "The purpose of the party was to
bring the meaning of the Telathon to the University," said
Media Chair Elise Gutman. Photo: Elisabeth Gulnmn

Firms Drop in on SUNYA

Representatives frorn over fifty businesses attd contpanies
participated in SUNYA's (‘ttreer Day on ‘I uesday.
Spokespersons from organi/ations sttclr as IBM and
Friendly Ice Cream spoke to stttdeuts about job
opportunities and their availability and job lttititittg tactics.
I‘he annual event gives students a chance to learn about the
various companies. while affording businesses tlre
opporttmity to rccrtrit future college graduates.

Mctnbcrs of the Air Force. tlte New York State llcaltlt

Department. Albttrty Medical Center. insttrnrtce companies.
arid General Dynamics. a computer company. were rtrrtortg
the many organi/atious scekirtg qualified arid interested
students. According to art lllM representative. “the fact
that someone has an area ol'cmtccntration is all that r‘ally
matters. No one is sltut out."
Delta Sigma Pi President Nancy llttgltes said “We wnrit
people to understand that tlte event is notjttst for btisirtess
majors. That way. next year. cvcrt more people will attend.“
Career Day Chair Audrey llerkman said the event grows
annually.

 

     

 

 

Would CApSUlEs

Philly Mayor Calls It Quits

PHILADELPHIA (AP) Frank Rizzo knows they don't all
love him. but he‘s positive every Philadelpltian will sorely
miss him. Rina. the-59~ycar-old ex-cop from the Little Italy
rowhouses of South Philly. is leaving the mayor's office after
two stormy terms. ending eight years of colorful and
controversial leadership. Hc chased fire engines. raged at the
press. been featured in the “Doonesbury” comic strip. failed
a lie detector test in a patronage flap and worna nightstick in
his tuxedo commerbund. And he feels no one can fill his
shoes. “I will return.“ he promises. In about six mottilis
they'll be begging me back.“ Rino nicknamed the ltig

lDA‘l’EliNE: NOVEMbER 1,1975}

ltambino. the Ciseo Kid and HiHoncr irt various stages of
his police and mayoral career could retire on a $45.(l(l()-a-
year pension btrt says he's considering a rttn at tlte US.
Senate seat held by Reptrblican Richard Schweiket'. who is
retiring next year. Ri/lo is both loved and ltntcd here. Mitch
of the ill will stems from his tough law-and orderstanec. the
mayor was enraged when the U.S. .lttstice Department filed
suit against his police force. in alleging a pattern of
police brutality. “I‘m notsayingtheyarcangel' “he had said
“but while I‘m around. right or wrong. If they‘re tryrttg to do
their job. they‘re going to be protected. even if they're
wrong."

DC-IO Smash: Wrong Runway

MEXICO CITY (AP) A landing on the wrortg runway was
blamed for the crash of a Western Airlines DC-Itl at the
Mcxtcm City airport in which 74 persons were reported
killed. It was definitely ttot structural; there's tio qttestiort
about that." said I’AA spokcstttau Dennis l‘t‘ltllllllll itt
‘iVaslttngton. lltc airport was shrouded in fog when tltc
planc lrottt l.os Augclcs landed before dawn Wednesday on
a runway that was closctl lot repairs. hit 'a truck aritl crashed
iitto two buildings. Officials said 7| til the XX persousaboattt
the tetlincr and three on the {round were killed. Seicnteen
others aboard Plight 005 survived. Iht'cc were in tntcnsi\c

 

 

 

 

 

cat‘c. nine were rcpottetl itr satisfactory contlitiort. aittl five
were released after first—aid treatment. the pilot. ('apt.
('hat'lcs (iilhcrt. 5}. of Rolling llills. ( ‘alil.. wasatttong those
killed. Mextcau officials said the runway oil which lllt.‘ plane
landed had hccri closed for two weeks for repatis aritl was
dark. while the adjacent. parallel runway that was opcit was
well lighted. 'lail marks on the tttnway indicated that the
pilot tried to take off. officials .said. but the plane's landing
gear hit'nttucli. killing the driver.

_wq,ﬂ.‘.wmr is. a.» ‘

US

 

'Wharton To Refuse Post

SUNY Chancellor Clifton Wharton recently removed his
name from consideration for the position ofSecretary ofthe
federal Department of Education. California Appellate
Court Judge Shirley llufstcdlcr has since been nontimttcd to
the position by President Carter. lter confirmation coming
early this week.

Wharton had been among the many prominent
candidates for the liducation Dcpartcnt‘s head position.
Also in the rtrnning was Hill Moyers. whose wife cttrrctttly
serves as president of SUNYA‘s lloard of Trustees.

“I'm flattered by any interest expressed in tne for the
position of Secretary of lidtication." said Wharton.
“However. I believe my current major responsibility is tothe
State University of New York. 'l‘hercfore. i would not be in
tire position to accept suclt as appointment if offered.“

Formerly. a part of the US Department of Health.
litlucation and Welfare tllliW). the recently-formed bttrcait
severed its tics in efforts to increase ‘the speed and
effectiveness with which policy proposals are itnplcrttetttcd.

Officials of the new Cabinet dcparttrtetit plan on
increasing both the quality and quantity of secondary and"

elementary educatiott available. Toward this end. Congress .

has allocated a budget of l4.2 billion dollars arid has agreed
to appoint l7.2.'l‘) employees. 500 o. \i from rtittst be citt alter
one year.

UAS check cashing will'remaln in service for another month. There is still no deﬁnite date as to when the Moneymatic

Machine will be open and operating.

 

Floods, Snakes, lnfest Florida

()KEECHOBEE. Fla. (AP) Hitndrcd of central Florida
residents jammed into motel rooms today. their vacation
trailers arid retirement homes surrounded by hordes of
venomous snakes and flood waters from a crttrnblcd
reservoir. Civil defense officials said 500 to L700 persons
Were evacuated and homes sustained at least $|..'l million iii
damages when a wall of the Lake Okeechobee reservoir gave
way However. officials predicted the datttagc figure would
escalate as reports cantc in on devastcd crops. cattle roads
and camps. Arid officials said 3th or more mobile honiesantl
houses around the lake were struck Wednesday by ‘
floodwaicrs up to 8 feet in depth. “I can't evctt think ofwhttt
ottr loss will be. It‘s everything we've got iii the world.“ said
an exhausted Ralph Knapp. whose two large ntohilchomcs.
a recreation building. a new swimming pool arid sea wall
were irutrtdatcd. 'l'here were no reported injuries or deaths
perhaps. officials said. because a surprised trairt company
crew warned authorities ofthe rushing water when their 2f-
car train was washed off tlte tracks.

Baker Proclaims Candidacy

WASHING'I‘ON (AP) Sen. lloward ll. llakcr .lt‘. t R-lcnnl
declared his candidacy for president yesterday. cotiplittg a
waititng tltnt "America has lost its margin for error " witlt a
new appeal for defeat of the SAI | || treaty. Dcpatttttglrotn
the traditional generalities of presidential announcement
speeches. llakcts devoted a tumor section of his bi ict
statement to the proposed armcd treaty between tlte United
States and the Soviet Union. “Apptosal of tltts treaty is itlt its
acceptaiicc of So\ ict strategic superior tl\ could guarantee to
the Soviet Union the margin for error that used to be tillls."
said llakcr. who as Republican Icatlt-r ol the Senate has
emerged as a key opponent of the pact. Referring to
l'icsidcnt ('artct arid the president's r ital tor the | )cmoctattc
presidential rionttttatioti. Sen. ldwntd M. Kennedy. llakci
said ('atth‘ negotiated SALI attd Kennedy supports it.
"'1 liuy may he on the tight political side." tic said. “lttu tltc\
ate shorths‘tghted alid they are wrong." I

 

 

k

Sex Week is Coming

SUNYA‘S Sexual Kirsourcc Center is running its first
annual Sexual Education Extravagama (SEX) Week so as
“to inform and instruct students on various aspects of sex,“
said Center representative Angela l.eMonta.

The event. which will run from Novernhcr 5-9, “in
provide a variety of displ' vs. films. pamphlets. and mo
information on all aspects of sexual edttcatiori.

Sex therapists will be available as well as Cl)llll\L‘ltH\ It...”
Planned ’arenthood and other organi/attons. ltiplcs such
as sex concerns. female and tttale relationships. and
sexuality and the disabled will be discussed.

l.eMontn hopes this event will be inforrnatitcaud plum“.
run it at least once a semester.

BB Sniper Prowls Indian

late night cramming was interrupted first itigltt \\ltctt
Ililda (lorbacr arid .leff Siegal were studying iii the Indian
Quad cafeteria.

An unidentified person shot a bee bee gtiit at If p m.
“aimed directly" at tltc two .slttdettts.t *cording to (ioihrtc/
No one was injured. but Siegal was hit by some ll_\|lll! glass,

(lorbael said “we knew it was a bee bcc gtrrt rather than
ttrst a rock be ‘ttusc the hole was a perfect circle.

Carnptrs security was unable to give any details about the
bee bee gttu owner.

 

Photo: Bob Leomml

Ice Cream Record Set

What‘s the scoop? Well. there were 30 ofthcm: IO scoops
of chocolate and 20 of vanilla-chocolate-chip.

And they were gobbled up by Herb Alvarcr iii 45 minutes
Wednesday night at tlitincr in the Alden-Waterbury
Cafeteria. The feat set a new downtown record I'm iccctcatti
consumption.

A tense crowd ofclosc to Stlstudents had amassed around
the busy champion dttring the episode attd gave hint a
standing ovation when he gttidcd the final infamous
spoonful into his tired mouth.

The previous Alumni Quad record of 24 scoops was set by
resident .leffrey llakcrjust one day before. who himself Itad
broken the record bf I‘) set two weeks ago. Apparently. the
unofficial tournament has hccrt going on since the onset til
the semester.

Alvarel. who first swallowed a hamburger and two glasses
of water. gairtcd four pounds after tltecvcrit. He said ltc felt
“very full.“

Speculation has it tltat the SUNYA all-campus record is
4.1 scoops. set last yc r by a State Quad resident. Alvai'e/
said that once rccupcratcd. Itc‘d give tltc idea of smashing
that rceord “a great deal of consideration." )

llze’s Mamie, Dead At 82

 

 

 

“CASIIING'I'ON (Al') l‘ormcr first lady Maiitt~'
liiscnhowct died pcacetttll) iti liei'slt'cp caily today at Walt“
Reed Army Medical('entct'.ofttcials said. Mrs l'fst‘ltlltHU't
widow of'totmei l'icsidcut Dwight D. l‘isenhowct. was S.‘
hospital spokesman l’ctt' liskcr said, He noted that Itct Siltl
birthday was two weeks away. Doctors atttiibutctf hll‘»
l'iscnhower's death at 1:“ a.nt.,to heart failure. I sket‘ szttd
hits, I tsenhowci. in tlclicatc licaltlt and bedridden for
months. suffered a stroke Sept. 35. I‘l7‘).and was brotigltt to
tltc hospital heic hyaittbttlancc fiom ltci far Ill at (ictt\ slung.
l'a. Ihc stroke pataly led her tight nrnt and impaired the on
of tltct' light leg. She began physical therapy almost
ituiiictliately. Just as the world kitcw .‘\lllt‘| ica's i-ltll
president by the homely childhood nickname of "Ike." so
was his wife I’L't'ttgllllt‘tl simply as "Mamie."

f

 

 Off-Campus Problems

Discussed With O’Leary

by Michelle Israel

Problems ranging from off-
eampUS crime to the controversial
anti-grouper law were among topics
covered at a meeting yesterday with
SUNYA President Vincent O‘I.eary
and off-campus students.

Students expressed concern over
the anti-grouper law. which
prohibits three or more unrelated
people front living together. Off
Campus Association (OCA)
Coordinator John Kennedy
discussed the possibility of replacing
the ordinance with an occupancy
proposal based on square footage.

The student proposal would
enable one person for every 80
square feet of bedroom space in the
house. Certificates of Occttpattcy
stating the number of people
allowed in the apartment would be
required every tltrec years. In
itddition. a lease will be considered
valid only if a copy of tlic certificate
is attached to it.

Currently. landlords often frtil to

apply for certiﬁcates. knd'wing their
apartments will not pass safety
inspections or occupancy
regulations.

“The proposal makes a lot of
sense.“ said O‘l.eary. l'ltc law is
being researched by Vice President
(Academic Affairs) .lolrn Welsh.
“ l'his has to be dotie before we ‘an
lay it before the Uniscr 'Council
rind before I cart endorse it. Before I
can present the proposal on
November l4. we haye to know that
we'll have a law that will change

 

 

things.“
Kennedy said. “We spoke to the
Code Enforcement Bureau. who

were positive toward the proposal.
We now have an inititil positive
response from city hall.“

One student complttiticd that the
law works against the students.
citing an incident involving a.
complaint about noise from a
neighbor. The student lives with
three other people.

When the officials investigate the

t t . . ‘ v 4‘!
SUNYA President Vincent ()‘l.eary
(Ill/Leanna“ pro/ileum" discussed

noise complaint. the anti-grouper
law will inevitably come tip. We
tnust go to the hearing with tile
possibility ofone of its being evicted.
once it is learned ltow runny students
share an apartment.“ said the
student.

O‘l.eary felt this revealed the
potential of ticighborsand landlords
using the anti»groupcr law as a

SUNYA Generator Check Lacking

by Michelle Mackrell

A student-run investigation has
rev ' ed that monthly inspections of
back~up generators on quads ltave
ttot been condtictcd since last March
according to SUNYA's Chief of
Utilities Wayne Allen.

Student Servicvs Committee
member Mark lal"ayettec rt. etttly
discovered that inspections
conducted by the Physical Plant
have not been done on a regttlar

 

basis.

Physical Plant Director Dennis
Stevens. id the problem was caused
by a lack of properly functioning
equipment and manpower.

There are two generator systems
utili/ed during electrical failures.
()ttc generator provides energy for
towcr air i'nf'tAmarking lights. while
the other is ttscd for lights lll service
allcvs and uptown fallotit sltcltct‘s.

l’ropcr operation of emergency
equipment is assured by the
Preventive Maintenance Program.

 

 

which requires monthly inspections
of the tntrcltincry. which includes
generators arid fire alarms.

Allen said fire alarm inspections
ltavc priority over all other Plant
Department work. He added that
immediate problems are dealt with
rather than generator inspections.

Allen explained that "prioritie “
Itad been set to meet with itnmcdtatc
needs such as brokert water pipes or
malfunctioning h 'atcrs. Conducting
regularly scheduled inspections was
not a priority:

Student concern was pr'ccipitatcd
by a black—out which occurred last
October 6. Lightning caused a three
ltottr clccttical failure. but Mohawk
l'owcr's generator for aircraft
marking lights did not work.

A Student Sciviccs ('ommittec
tnetubcr was sent to investigate the
problem. and discmcted that
tnottthly inspections ltad itot been
conducted since March 1077, Plant

personnel assured the student that
the problcrit had been an oversight
arid that inspections would be done
regularly iii the futttre.

As of November I. I‘l7tt. all
generators had been inspected. It
was discovered that three generators
were titall'unctioning.

A new contract will be completed
itt May Witt) which will include fire
alarm systems as emergency units.
limcrgcncy ligltting systems will
become automatic.

Allen said the departtncnt ltas
recogni/cd lllL' itnportancc of
generators and that it "would keep
on top of inspections itt tltc future."
Requests for additional persoune
hatc been made itt air effort to meet
uniteisity demands.

He added that tile inquiry by the
Sittdettt Seniccs (‘otnmittce forced
them to take action attd was glad
that the problem has been brottght
to his immediate attctttton.

WSUA To Soon Go On The Air

by Laura Fioreutlnt)

SllNYA‘s tin-campus radio
station. WSUA. (ldll-,‘\f\li.\vl” be
broadcasting by next week.

according to
l\ .tnngcr Date Reisinnn.

  

to .

Dave Relstnau. W(?l)lt station diret=:tor

WCD B (icnc ral

  

Since March I. I‘l7li'. when
WCDII signed oit. WSl'A has licctt
operating as a non-broadcastiug
disc Jockey (DJ) trainittg lacttlty.
“We planned to make WSUA a
training facility lliilL'l' \V('llll \\‘L‘ttl

   
    
      

Photo: U I’S

Il’SUA-AM will he a training station

NOVEMBER 2, 1979

on tltc air. lhis way we would |ta\c
somewhere to train our D..|.‘s" said
Reisman “llcfore. we had to train
otti l)..l.‘s on the air. I his was not a

good situation."

"lhc delay iii reinstatement of
\\‘Sl'.t\ was tlttc to transmission
dillictilties l'ltc (‘olonial Quad
ttrtitstritttci had bct'n\;ttttl.t|t/t‘tl and
old cqtttptnettt traded to be
tepattt'd" Rctstrtatt atldt-tl

\\‘.\l‘~\ls pttigtdttt \stll trittstst til
both individual shows and \\‘t‘ll|l
I'M sintulcasts " l ltt‘ sttonlcasts \\|ll
be used tlttttttg hours when \\t‘ are
ttaiuitigttt-wl)..l.‘s“stritcd Heisman.

t” mam“... WSUA “I” hate
comtncictals. "\Vt'l )II is not able to
sell commercial titnc because it does
riot ltlt\t' a eotntnetcral license atnl
broadcasts through the air waics.
since \\'Slf/\ is
electrical carrier

llowe\ ct.
transmitted by
'currcttt which is broadcaster! only to
the uptown campus. “you ate not
using public airways like you ate
with WCI)ll.“cxplttincd station l'ro
tnotioti Director Rich Schenkinan.

lit addition to thc tuove to
improve the AM station. the WCDll
stttff is increasing WCDll‘s power

con/inner] on page .tt'l’t'll

weapon against students. "The law
reminds rite of the 'Al Capone
Syiidrortie': while the could never
iuib Capone as I gangster. lie was
imprisoned for tax esasiou. In this
case. the safety aspects ol'tlte law are
secondary . and it is used as a weapon
when needed."
Another stutlcut
current lair also l~aies students
open to landlord abuses. "'l'lie
landlords know we'll be gone iii a
ye '. and that there is no shortageol
potential strident tenants. so they
allow the npattritcrtts to go without
repair. I ong—tinic tenants can‘t help
coriiplniriirtg that conditions hast
gone down sirtcc students become
residents iii their buildings.“
l-inthcr‘ stating the llni\ersitv'.s

 

 

said that the

 

    

Photo: UPS

position on the proposals. O'Lcary
ask d. “How mttch do you want the
University to be responsible for
people living off—campus? We can't
have the University reaching into the
lives of the community. The trick is
getting the Universi power behind
proposals without getting overly
involved to ensure safe. decent
housing."

In addition to the anti-grouper
law. students expre scd concert
about a crime wave iii thedowntowi
area. Many off-campus dweller-
told stories of woittcn beint
attacked. people finding intruders it
tl-eit' homes. and apartment-
btrglari/cd. Students believe lill
lizrdest hit areas lie within the

continued on page .wvt'n

 

 

 

Corning Enthused With

Student

by Peter llcrelity and Michael Fried

Albany Mayor i‘rnstus Corning
was "enthusiastic" about a square-
f‘oot-ltasis occupancy proposal that
would replace the present anti-
gtortpcr laws for oft-campus
students. /\I .t press conlcrenct.‘ held
at SIINYA liiesdny ttigltt. ('orning
said that the ptoptisnf was a “new
concept" ntttl “has a great deal of
appeal."

the Illlllvjll'iltlllt‘t' law prohibits
more than t|itcc itnivlatctl adults
from liting iii the satire house. fire
student pioposal lot the square-
f'oot-basts would allow one pt‘lsttlt
for every .‘ithquarc-tcct of bedroom
space ill the ltottscartd would require
occupancy certificates l‘\t'|\ thrcc
) ais,

"It is sotttcthinga lot til peoplcare
going to question." ('orning said.
"We will see if we cart gct an
acceptable understanding of it."

(‘ottitng said he iccci\cd tltc

proposal tctr days ago attd is still
studying It. "It is something new."hc

   

Mayor Corning favors replacing the present anti-grouper laws.

Grouper Plan

said. "and worth investigating. I‘m
not saying that I‘m for it but that it
has a great deal of appeal and I am
enthusiastic about it.“ *

('otning. however. said the
prcsctrt "anti-grouper law" is a
beneficial law. “i think it is a good
law. It rtscd to be two ttnrelatcd
adults btrt three was reached .rs a
cotttprontisc front people who
wanted Iottr unrclatctl adults."

(lff~catupus students ' t\L‘
claimed that the anti-grouping law
otdinartcc has been singling them
ottt. neighborhood :ts-
soctations. l’inc llills ind
Washington Park. recently tttet with
SUSY/Vs ()tt—(‘ntnptrs Association
to discuss problems such as absentee
landlords and critic enforcement.

“Any student tltat entries to n'
(‘orning said. "I \\'|ll ltclp. btit you
can‘t go atottnd \iolnting the law.“
Under the anti-grouper law.
(‘otning hopes to help students
\tolating tlic ordittancc by “giting

|\\ti

o

continued on page livi-

‘ r r‘x.

"‘Ilte proposal has a great (leaf of appeal. "

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE THREE

4.4... .s

