   
   
  
  
 
   

 

   
    
   
 
  
 

 

       
  

 

~m-. cc... ..
«abound , _

m

-

M-w

 

 

 

W1J.‘R.I'ssy',’

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

' .Iettr

 

 

 

 

 

   

  

' Depresio. -

A Cure for the Disease

  

 

by Edward M. Lennox .
The typical life of the typical college student
is one of lasting peace and prosperity. The
college student dwells in a world free of
needless competition and avarice. wherein he
or she is perpetually at liberty to pursue
established intents and goals. Exciting.
philosophically-stimulating lectures. deeply
rewarding classwork and constant abundance
of bright. optimistic young faces helpto create
a pre-adult academic utopia. And yet. in spite
of the endless advantages ofcollege life. there
arise from the student populace at least a few
restless souls who become bored withspiritual
insight and academic success. They see
diversion from the smoothly ﬂowing stream of
scholarly pursuits. It is that wandering
minority to whom l address this essay.

. A

Friends. look not to drugs or pornographic
magazines for the answer: nay. the most
rewarding escape from the geniality and
merriment of college life may be cultivated
within one‘s own brain. for the solution.
patient readers. lies in a fulﬁllment ofthe state
of mind known as depression.

A feeling of depression may be procured
from any one of an almost limitless range of
variables. A few of the more common sources
of depression include death or deaths in one's
immediate family. acne. spilt milk and
hemorrhoids. However. as these examples are
most often provoked by forces which lie
beyond the range of human manipulation.

d Happiness

 

they are not exactly suitable for our needs. by
nature of their unreliability. The serious
seeker of depression is never content with
waiting idly about until Nature should deem it
appropriate to drop a bonus on his forehead.
If one is truly sincere in soliciting depression.
one must go out and create it for himself.

For the novices amongst you there are
numerous old standbys that are sure to work
every time. A favorite in many parochial
schools is the concept of guilt. Guilt may be
achieved in many ways. and. if nurtured
properly. is almost certain to produce a
gratifying sense of depression. in addition
guilt possesses a peculiar secong quality. The
occasion often arises in which one's close
friend or companion ﬁnds reason to hurl a
series of insults. degredations or practical

  

jokes. in due time the pe'petrator of such
hostilities should feel some sort of guilt. and
thus depression. but frequently he will refuse
to feel the least! bit guilty for his deeds.
Therefore the recipient ofsttch transgressions
becomes depressed. It is it tricky situation and
requires much practice in order to reach
proficiency.

Of course. the oldest and most successful
means of accomplishing depression may be
found by seeking love.The search for true love
has kindled more depression than all the 0‘5
and F5 in all the required coursed of‘ttny
college. It is a rare student indeed who is able
to pass courses of any college. It is a rare
student indeed who is able to pass silently

a

In Defense of SASU

To the Editor: I

Paul Agresta‘s letter attacking SASU for
ﬁghting to prevent a tuition increase shows a
lack of understanding of the concept behind
public higher education. He cites our “ﬁscal
responsibility“ to New York State and
explains how we should tighten our belts and
accept massive cutbacks. This is the same line
given to us by gOVernment ofﬁcials every time
they cutback on social and public servtces. We
are also told. as Paul has eloquently reiterated
how lucky we are to be here.

The philosophy behind public higher
education is that education should be‘ easily
accessable to everyone. regardless of income
or economic status. This allows the poor and
middle class. who could never afford to gotoa
private school. an equal opportunity for
education. It rejects the assertion that
education should remain a privilege for the
upper income people who can afford it. in a
society where education is the only chance the
poor have to escape poverty. and the only
means by which the middle class can retain
some measure of economic stability.
education is a necessity. In a nation that
professes "equality or opportunity."
education is a right.

Public higher education, then. is vital tothc
many who can't afford private. Therefore.
public education by nature tnust be low cost.
or free. in l974. Governor Liar stated “i will
stand ﬁrm in my support for low-cost public
higher education. . . I would liketo restate my
unwavering commitment for holding the line
on tuition at the State University." He said this
while campaigning for governor. Since then.
the governor. and the state officials have
launched an attack on public higher
education. The following have occurred since
Governor Liar took ofﬁce in I974:

l. in I976. tuition was increased by $100.

2. The same year. dorm room rents were
also increased by SIOO.

 

 

3. Twenty academic departments were axed
and 28 faculty retrenched at SUNYA.

4. Financial aid has been continuously cut
back. especially in the EPO stipend.

5. Governor Liar gave SIS million to
Syracuse University. a private school. for tr
domed stadium (a tuition increase Would raise
about $5 million for the state).

 

 

   
   

 

6. in 1978 alone. the Governor has given S98

 

million to private schools indirect aid - more

 

 

 

 

than the other 49 states combined.

7. A Brookings institute repon concluded
that New York is the only state in the nrrtron
that funds private schools at the expense of the
public.

3. Governor Liar cut $250 million in taxes
for corporations and upper middle income
people. this year.

9. The money raised from a tuition hike urll
not go to operating expenses. new
construction. or education —— it will go dtrcctlt
to banks holding SUNY bonds for a
conversion from “short term notes" it] "long
term bonds",

10. In 1976. tuition was instituted at the ('rry
University (CUNY) for the first time. Sctun
thousand students dropped out as a result,

Let‘s not deceive ourselves. Paul. if turtrun
is raised. if our budget is cut. ifmorc programs
are eliminated. there will be no increases in and
to the poor and elderly. no increase in and to
New York City schoolsﬁn fact. (iovcrnorl rzrr
:iust made massive cuts in high school aid). illlti
no increase in welfare. The attack on publrc
higher education is part ofan overall cutback
on all social services. Rather than liglttrnc
with other public services for the \rrrrrll
amount of funds. we should stand together
and demand an increase in public funds, and
less tax breaks for the upperincomc ht:l(.i.r‘l

SASU is. in fact. addressing the ttrmt
fundamental issue that we are facing the
attack on public higher education ht
Governor Liar and the state legislature.

lf Paul is so supportive of Governor l.|.t:'\
policies. we suggest that hejoin his staff. and
ﬁgure out how best to take money out Ari

 

 

 

through his college years without ever once
succumbing to love‘s call. Love may be
employed as a depressant by the experience as
well as the neophyte. for all it requires is a
steadfast willingness to tumble headlong into
fear and uncertainty. The depressing
consequences of love are many. impotence.
jealousy and chronic ﬁatulcncy are but a few
of the disasters which can strike at any time.
Again. practice is important increasing their
rates of occurance. if you are fond of
depression coupled with an element of

  

   

chance. then by all means pursue love. {DriilL‘lL‘
is by far nothing as risky and emotionally
dangerous as the desire to love another
person; all-too-oftcn the situation hCCUillL's
one-sided. The potential for depression ts
endless.

There you have it. if you are symbolic tri
today’s breed of college students ltztppt.
free and without a single care in the world.
then depression is for you. Give it a try on
weekends. filic at night, or whenever you iL'L'i
you need a change of pace.

   
 
 
 
  

  
 
 
  

 

 

 

 

 

ANDMEJ/MMK/ r uerEI I AM 1115
v Art/V rte/c

5PM” (X WW

I 7732f ‘(C’U

60H raw
WEI? tin/cc“

 

 

  

’l T OF
“M W.“

   

 

row/renuer r/MMz/r ' 7
5pm mam/r5 Wei/trig Hi5

1/01} CliLl VEPEW ON (T,
I T7309 YOU, F00
VOICE .,

  
  

  
 
 
   
 

rrrsr far! I AM arr MIT or star.

' I TRUST 902W
vorcg. , .

  
 
 

  
 

5

m
\\*'

 

ANV m mu T/rl/ST ME / f’
or or ﬁ/iC/AL f  ,

   

 

cries of ifgﬁnont

 

 

   

 

PET “LI cﬂ-NIR Mu .ﬂ

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
  
  
 
 

Baby-faced Forbert is

not what you'd expect

See page do

  

 

 

 

  
  
  
 
   
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
 
 

 

  
 
   
 
  
 
  
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Mating habits of the
North ﬂmcrieon paper

clip are explored

See page 1

Trlvl Time

Is off to see the wizard
See page 80

Fred The Bird
moves off-compo:

  

 
     
   
    
     

     
       
          
      
           
           
         
            
 
   
  
 
  
 
  

 

 

  

   
   
  

      
  
 
 
 

 

See page Do

 

 

 

  
    

