 

 

    
   
      
      
     
    
   
     
      
 
         
     
       
  
    
   
 

ﬂ—f .____.

 

 World News Briefs -

 

I I 0

Nuclear Crisis Questioned
WASHINGTON (AP) Now that the nuclear crisis at Three
Mile Island is cooling, congressional investigators are
warming up for rival inquiries into what happened. who‘s to
blame, and what should be done about it. The nuclear power
people. the electric company and the government’s regulators
can count on testifying at assorted. ' r " 9
House and Senate hearings thatare likely to go on formonths.
On a subject as momentous and as dramatic as the future of
nuclear power and the hazards of the accident near
Harrisburg. Pa.. almost any committee of Congresscan ﬁnd a
reason to get into the act. Sen. Edward M. Kennedy. D-
Mass.. got there ﬁrst with a hearing Wednesday before his
health subcommittee on the potential impact of the accident
upon people who live in the Harrisburg area and those who
work at the plant.

Premier Flees to Thailand

BANGKOK. THAILAND (AP) Former Cambodian
Premier Pol Pot and some of his followers ﬂed across the
border to Thailand after their remote guerrilla headquarters
and their last stronghold at Pailin were overrun. the Vietnam
News Agency said yesterday. There was no independent
conﬁrmation of the report broadcast from Hanoi three
months after invading Vietnamese troopsdrove Pol Pot‘s pro-
Chinese government from Phnom Penh. the Cambodian
capital. and installed a pro-Vietnamese regime ofCambodian
Communists headed by President Heng Samrin. Since then.
Cambodian army troops still loyal to Pol Pot and his
associates of the Khmer Rouge. have been waging a gucrilla
war against the Vietnamese and their Cambodian allies.

Arms Limitations Saves Money

WASHINGTON (AP) Defense Secretary Harold Brown said
yesterday a new arms limitation agreement with the Soviet
ion would save the United States from spending an

 

 

Un
won] $30 billion over the next 10 years to maintain the

nuclear balance. Brown also said the SALT lI agreement.
which he described as “very close" to completion, would
improve the "survivability" of U.S. land-based Minuteman
missiles by restricting Soviet launchers and the numbers of
warheads. Without such curbs. Brown said,the Sovietscould
put up to 40 warheads on each of their biggest weapons and
they “could have nearly one third more strategic systems than 1
with the agreement.” The Pentagon chief made these points in
a speech r r J for a New York City meeting of the Council
on Foreign Relations and the Foreign Policy Association. It
was the second shot in the Carter administration's new effort
to sell the strategic arms limitation treaty.

Amin Reappears in Capital

NAIROBI. KENYA (AP) Uganda government radio said
President ldi Amin made a dramatic reappearance in his
beleaguered capital of Kampala yesterday and told agroup of
soldiers. “I'm still going strong and am physically ﬁt." The
account could not be independently conﬁrmed. but it ﬁtted
Amin's ﬂair for the ﬂamboyant gesture. As Tanzanian and
Ugandan rebel forces closed in on Kampala in recent days.
speculation had grown over the whereabouts ofAmin. who on
Tuesday was reported touring towns in eastern Uganda.
Kampala residents described the city as a deserted atrd silent
no-man's land today. with Amin‘s Libyan allies retreating on
one side and the invasion force massed on the other. The
Ugandan news broadcast. monitored in Nairobi. quoted the
group of soldiers as telling Amin they were ready to fight to
the last man to drive out the invaders.

Execution Brings Protests

RAWALPINDI. PAKISTAN (AP) Pakistani protests over so

the execution of former Prime Minister Zulﬁkur Ali Bhutto

’ escalated today here. in Lahore and in Karachi. Rocks and

teargas grenades ﬂew as police broke up prayer meetings held
by Bhutto supporters. A Pakistani newspaper yesterday said
Bhutto. normally a tower of conﬁdence and coolness. broke
down shortly before the hanging and was carried to the
gallows on a stretcher. At least 200 anti-government
demonstrators were seen in custody at Rawalpindi near the

jail where Bhutto. 5i. was hanged Wednesday on murder
conspiracy. charges. Pakistan had been fairly quiet until
yesterday. Most of the violence immediately after Bhutto was
hanged occurred in India‘s heavily Moslem state of Kashmir.
Bhutto had been an advocate of self-determination for
Kashmir. which is claimed by both India and Pakistan.

Sadat Speaks Out for Peace

CAIRO, EGYPT (AP) President Anwar Sadat yesterday
called on Palestinians tojoin in the peace process with Israel
and warned sysinst terrorist attacks on Egypt. saying his
country will return every slap with “one hundred and one
thousand slaps." Terrorist bombs struck against both Egypt
and Israel today. apparently in retaliation for their peace
treaty. ln lsraeli~occupied Arab East Jerusalem. authorities
reported a bomb blast wounded four Arabs and two Jews,
none seriously. In Nicosia. Cyprus. the Israeli Embassy and
the‘Egyptian airline ofﬁce were bombed. but no casualties and
only light damage were reported. U.S. ofﬁcials in Israel said
meanwhile, that Secretary ofState Cyrus R. Vance wouldjoin
Sadat and Israeli Prime Minister Menachem Begin when they
meet May 27 at El Arish. the capital of the Sinai Peninsula. to
declare the border between Egypt and Israel open after 3|
years.

Sleeping Pills Unhealthy

WASHINGTON (AP) Doctors should strictly limit sleeping
pill prescriptions and better warn their patients of the
medications' potential health harards.a National Academy of
Sciences panel says. The panel. in a report published today.
id sleeping pills normally should be prescribed only in
limited numbers and for short periods of time. Physicians
should rarely. if ever. prescribe the drugs to new patients for
more than two to four weeks. the study said. For patients
already taking sleeping pills. doctors should refrain from
providing automatic reﬁlls. it said. Although the rcportcallcd
current practices of prescribing sleeping pill "difficult to
justify.“ it said there is no need to ban brrrlibuatcs.us has been

 

 

suggested. even if they are sometimes abused.

 

 

How To Be Housed

Pick your suite! All returning undergraduate students may
apply to live in residence halls during the sign up period of
April 23-May 4. The deadline for returning students to
obtain housing for the l979-80 academic year is May 4. After
this deadline. continuing students will be placed on a waiting
list and housed after new students. if space is available.
Housing procedures for on-campus living areas follows:
I. Pick up an application for the 79-80 year from the quad
ofﬁces for continuing resident students. or at the Residence
Management Ofﬁce Ten Eyck Hall. for students moving off-
campus.

2. Complete the application and bring it to Ten Eyck Hall
lower lounge between April 23 and May 4 from IO am. to 4
pm. daily. Heavy lines are expected.

3. Bring to Ten Eyck the application (ﬁlled out). a valid
SUNYA LD. and a check for ﬁfty dollars. (Cash will not be
accepted.) At this time meal card pictures will also be taken.

4. Followingthe pre-sign procedure. the sign up schedule
will be held from April 27 to May4 in the appropriate QU AD.
(Sheets will go to each suite explaining the time schedule and
priority system.) A lottery then will be held to determine the
order that students of the same priority will pick their rooms.
(Students must have already participated in steps 2 and 3

before they canjoin the lottery.) Students planning to live off-
campus must ﬁle local addresses with the off-campus Housing
Ofﬁce. Campus Center. ‘

Know Your Priority

For those living (tn—campus next semester. here is the
priority system by which you will be ranked in order to sign
up for housing.

Seniors returning to same quad___._..___———.l
{. J . r u to u I
Seniors changing quads or returning lrrto residence—.2
1‘ ‘ ‘ entering . ' 2
Juniors entering same quad __..___.._———-——.3
Juniors changing quads or entering residence .4
Sophomores or second semester Freshmen __..___._.5
Class standing for tire priority system is based on credit
hours completed by May [979. To determine the priorityol
H group. add each individual priority rrtunbcr' atrd divide lllt.‘
"'lill by the number of people iii the group. ‘Iirirctions lllt‘
rctatrrcd.

 

 

  
   
    
 
 
   

 

Bomb Threat Bombardmet

The State University of New York at Stony Brook has
experienced some unusual and frightening incidents recently.
as the campus has been terrorized by a series of over 20 bomb
scares during the past few weeks.

An actual ﬁre bomb was found in Stony Brook library on
March 2| and this incident triggered 23 prank bomb threats
throughout the campus over the days following the discovery
of the real bomb. The latest series of bomb threats began
when a custodian found a handwritten note in a library
bathroom. The note indicated that other bombs had been
planted in both physics buildings as well as in the Math
Tower. The note was signed “Gamma.” Other such bomb
threats have been called in and those calling have identiﬁed

themselves as “Gamma Five.“ and they claim the
responsibility for the actually attempted fire bombing of the
library.

In all. bombs were reported in IS academic buildings at
Stony Brook. us well as the wooded area surrounding
Langmiur College. In every case. bomb squads reported that
after each search. no bombs were found.

A result of these scares. 125 classes were either interrupted
or cancelled. The multitude of bomb threats has also
prevented Stony Brook from fulﬁllingothcrimportant duties.

 

Library Hours

For those who are staying at SUNYA over the vacation can
catch up on extra work at the Library. that will be open on a
limited schedule next week. The Library hours will be as
follows: Saturday April 7-open 9 am. to 5 pm; Sunday April
8. closed all day; April9-l3.(Monday—Friday). open 7:30 am.
to 6 pm. daily; Saturday. April l4. open 9 am. to 5 p.m.;nrrd
Sunday April l5. closed all day. The library will resume
regular hours on April l6.

Busses will also be running over vacation on their holiday
schedule.

Student Art Exhibition

The Student Art Council and the Univcrisity Art Gallery
are presenting their I979 Albany Student Art Exhibition at
the University Art Gallery on April l7 from 7-9 pm.

Student artists who wanted to participate in the
exhibition. recently submitted their work to the art gallery
from which ajudge will evaluate and choose artwork for the
exhibition. All artwork will be on display in the art gallery
from April l7-29. Otherfine arts willalso bcfcaturcd during
tltc week. On Thursday. April l9. SUNYA Jazz Errscnrblc
will perform from 6:30 to 7:30 pm. SUNYA Theatre
Council will portray "The Duck Variation“ directed by
Charles I’ckunkrr at 7 pm. Other performances will incluth
those by tile SUNYA Dance Council at 2 pm. on April 28
and by University Chamber Singers on April 2‘) also at 2
p.nr.

The ASP wishes

everyone a good vacation

 

C Sunyu News Briefs

 

 

‘XIIBANY STIIUDI'E-NTEPRES'S'

APRIL 6. 1979

 

 

"i... 'J'V lulu '

by Mary Daley
SUNYA Art Department Chair

‘ and students.“

 

 

 

 

Nuclear

by Mary Daley

It is axiomatic in American
politics that for an issue to becomea
priority on the public agenda. there
must exist an atmosphere of crisis.
That is certainly the atmosphere for
the nuclear energy issue right now.
in the wake of what has been termed
“the worst nucicttr accident in
American history"at Pennsylvania's
Three Mile Island nuclear plant.
Just what the effect will he remains
to be seen. bttt most obscrvcrs agree
it will be a setback.

In an interview in his ofﬁce. Dr.
Richard Lultey. chairman of the
Nuclear Engineering department at
Rl’l. talked about the accident and
about nuclear power in general. As
to the effect ofthc accident on public
opinion. he said.“l definitely think it
has a very negative effect.“

Brit. said larlrcy. the Harrisburg
incident has proved that safety
systems are operating in nuclear
power plants.

"No matter ltow screwed up the
operators conducted tlremsclvcs."
lstlrcy said. “there‘s systems tlnrt
will catch and mitigate lltc
consequences. From that point of
view some pcoplc will be
comforted."

“lltrt frortt tlrc olltcl point of
vicw." he said. “it's unsettling to
know lllill tltcsc things can have
accidents like anything else. It‘s
just that tlrcy'vc lIt'L'li dcsigncd so
that tltc consequences on: u lot
smaller than it lot of anti-nuclear
people would have us ltt‘lIch "

lie said that irt airy typc of power
source. there will in: accidents and
some people will be killcd. itlltl
certainly it is no different with
nuclcrtr power. Tilt: massive

MT. 6, 1979

. .at‘.  .1»
Resignation Withdrawn;
Callner Resumes Chair

registration he submitted last month. saying that"rtll the problems have
been clariﬁed." Callncr would not disclose the nature ofthc‘problems
leading to his March 9 resignation. I
Wain “disagreement with certain administration procedures."

The disagreement. said Callner. was resolved at a meeting with
adminrstratron and senior Art Department tnembcr last week. “Since
this ltus been cleared up. I don‘t think it's fair to the department to go
into‘it." he’said. “I think it's good that access between faculty rind
administration is open. and our campus can solve it‘s problems. All '
members of our administration were very cooperative."

Cztllncr handed in his resignation early in March. but refused to
publicly discuss the reason at that time. saying that meetings were being
held to work things out and any publicity would be “unfair to faculty

Now that the problems are resolved. he says there is no reason to
publicize it. He said. “we're not being sccrctivcjust to be secretive."

Art Department Professor Edward Cowley, who attended one of
the meetings lttst week, was equally reticent about discussing the
matter saying that it was‘“basically a communication problem.“ “lfit
hadn't worked out.“ said Cowley. “tlrcn tlrcrc‘d be a story. It‘s all
Lettlm now: we just want to forget about it and get back to work.“ J

   

r.

Richard Callncr has withd ruwn the

except to say that at the time there

 

Power Is In

numbers of deaths that people talk
about are “exceedingly unlikely."lre
said; “You're not going to see 30.000
people killed. though you may well
see a dozen lost in future accidents."

As to low-level radiation. Dr.
Luhey said nobody really knows the
cffects of it. There are so many
sources of radiation that it‘s very
difﬁcult to determine the effects of
one source: therefore. the acceptable
levels are set exceedingly low to
protect against our ignorance.

What it comes down to is deciding
if the benefits are worth the risks in
using nuclear energy as a source of
power. Dr. Lalrcy says. “In my mind
there‘s no question about it —~ that it
is worth it. I‘ve already gone over
that question very carefully in my
mind over the years."

When people decide whether
lruvirtg “reliable. economical power"
from nuclear cncrgy is worth risks.
Laltcy said. tltcy should know that
all otltcr forms of cncrgy ltavc rtrore
prortourtccd ltcrtltlr hazards. An
equal si/ctl coal plant. for example.
has very wcll~known and very
pronounced effects. such as rnincr‘s
illack Lungdisctrsc.arrd lnngdiscasc
front pollution. ﬁnd these lm‘mrds
crtttsc rttort' deaths than nuclear
power will. ltc said.

“When you rttukc tltc dccision."ltc
said. “you're just choosing among
ulterrrtchs. all of which lravc risks.
l’herc‘s nothing that‘s risk-free;
lirctc ‘s no free lunch. You lrrrvc to be
willing to balance orrc type of risk
against trrrotlrcr in anything.“

The problem of wtrstc disposal is
another issue in the nuclear
controversy. Dr. ls'rhey said that
waste disposal is not uniquely
related to commercial nuclear

by Pat Francomano

",‘SOBER (Stay Off Booze Enjoy
Reality) Weekend) may have been.
termed a success.

The sponsors of Colonial Quad‘s
SOBER (Stay Off Booze Enjoy
Reality) program may consider last
weekend ‘5 events successful. but that
success came at a price.

While the weekend of non-
alcoholic programming was a
theoretical success for its sponsors.
Colonial's Quad Board and Tower
Council. it was a financial disaster.

“We only lost $600 on the Mardi
Gras we held." said Tower Council
President lleeky Trrttle. "We still
have 550 left. it was not ﬁnancially
rurnrng.“

Mark llorkowski. (‘08
President. said. "According to our
planned spending. at the end of the
year we will be dowrt $100. We
won't be in the hole though. we'll
just have to tighten our budgeting."
He said that the weekend‘s
expenditures wcrc worthwlriic and
that at the time CQB‘s brrdgcl was
ﬂexible enough to take chances.

CQB 'I‘rcasurcr .lordan Mctzgcr
said that while the issue of the
money loss did matter the project
was “valuable and well worth tltc
money."

Residence Assistant Abbic
Havkins said. “When you add tip
total attendance at all the events it
conrcs to about 1400 people and that
is II lot."

Borkowski agreed. “There was an
amazing amount of people who
attended the movie “Brian‘s Song".
“Johnny on the Pony." the Road
Rally and the pic eating contest."
While many were pleased and
surprised at the overall attendance.
they did express disappointment at.

Qiiestion

power: brtt has it negative inrpact
on tltc way people view nuclear
power. He said that all the high level
stored waste that has been
accumulated over the years is a
result of the weapons program. and
something must be done about it.
“It's stored inn very primitive wav
mIrIi/rut'rl on [mgr [our

Weekend Finance; On The Rocks

the number that showed up at CQB‘s
Studio 54 disco and Tower Council's
Mardi Gras party which featured
a live jaz_z band at the cost of 3450.

Some attributed the less than
expected attendance at these events
to the competing discos on Indian
and Dutch Quads.

“Last semester CQB's Studio 54
took in 700 people and that was a
non—alcoholic event just like this
one. What probably hurt us was
that last time a lot of people came
over from Dutch." He also thought
that some residents did not come to
the events because it was associated
with the theme ofSOBER weekend.

Many quad residents agreed with
this idea and said they felt people did
not go as a reaction against the
Residence Staff's non-alcoholic
prOJcct.

Along with ever criticism of the
weekend there were compliments
voiced. Many people were
overwhelmed with the programming
but objected to how tlrc weekend
was handled and its overall
objective.

Colonial Quad resident Lil.
Strong said "The events were
fantastic urtd tltcrc were a lot of fun
things to do. But iftlrcrc wusalcoltol
at events like the Mardi Gras.
attendance would have been better
and there would not have hccn as
rttttclr of a financial loss."

One Resident Assistant agreed.
“If we had served alcohol at the
Mardi Gras. in the some limited
manner people were served food and
soda it would have gone over better.
But people still lrad a great time and
we did show that alcohol was not
necessary."

Tower Resident Brian Hall
said. “All the outside events like the
water balloon tight and the Frisbee
throw were great but why did We
need SOBER weekend for
something like that?"

Another resident said. “The idcrr
had a lot of potential. bttt many
people felt they were being told
what to do. We are in college and
are supposed to be responsible yet
that responsibility was being taken
away."

Quad resident Marc Ilurford said.
“It wasn‘t as bad as I thought it

would be; I had a good time but I
think Residence Staff was too "
concerned with having no alcohol."

Colonial‘s Central Council
Representative Brian Levy said,
“The programming was excellent
and it was a good attempt but it was
pushed too much. The same events
with alcohol would have been
amazing."

Tuttle said. “People were very
happy with the way things went;
many asked ifthe MardiGras would
be an annual event. I think the early
advertising hurt. the association
with SOUER weekend. the stress on
no alcohol."

Colonial dweller Evelyn Farhi
said. “The people who participated
in the activities had a good time. It
wasn't nrcurrt to conform everyones
ideas about drinking.just to offer an
alternative.“

Some Quad residents sought
alternative to the non-alcoholic
program some seemingly out of
rebellion. Many Colonial residents
found themselves in the Rat. at
Suttcr's. or downtown. Some
attended a private qualttde-rritrous-
oxidc party on Colonial Friday
night. Our: oftlrosc party goers said.
“I ru:\'cr was as fucked ttp as l was
this weekend and ldon't think I have
this weekend and ltlon't think lhuvc
ever seen so many other people
fucked tip.“

One tower resident who had to
walk down eighteen flights on both
occasions said she thought there was
a direct correlation between
vandalism and SOBER weekend.
“It wtrs done out of spite."

Horkowski said that he would like
to see the program tried again but

without the SOBER theme. “The
fact that there is no alcohol at a
function sltould be an afterllroughl
of those who attend."
Havkins said. “The weekend was
a success because ofthc cooperation
between Residence Stuff. Tower
Council. CQB. and UAS. who
donated prizes and provided
services." They all reached out to a
diverse number of quad residents.
said llavkins. '

Residence Assistant Bill Shurmun
added. “Everyone had a good time
we even had some of the heavier
drinkers on the quad participating.“

Middle Income Students Get Aid

by Eric Sallinger

Recently enacted legislation will
make it possible for middle income
students to qualify for ﬁnancial aid.
according to Financial Aid Officer
Don Wiritlock. The new guidelines
extend to most forms of aid such as
grants. loans. and work/study
programs.

The new legislation. crrlillcd the
Middle Income Student Assistant
Act of l979-BEOG. will be
expanded to irrclrtdc families
with incomes ovcr $35000 per year.
The grant will be awarded to
families on the basis of income and
assets. listintations of salaries
will not determine rt family's
qttttlilictttion for aid. said Whitlock.

$270,000 has been appropriated
to collcgc work/study progrurtrs
irtcrcztsiug lllt: original amount by
fifty perccnt.

erillock explained tltc
expansion of the student Ionrr
service will crrttblc students who are
enrolled fogut least six credit hours
to trpply for a $2500 undergraduate
loan or a graduate loan of $5000.
The louns. authorized by tltc New
York State lligltcr qucrttion
Services Corporation. are interest

ALBANY STUDENT PRESL

free.
Students should file a Financial
Anal ‘ l“orm.in orderlorrpplyfor

 

   
   

"'Ihir ix Ilrt- itt'xl opportunity. “

Financial Aid ()fﬂccr Don erltlock explains beneﬁts oftltc new legislation.

financial aid. “This is the best
opportunity middle income families
ever had." said Whitlock.

Pint/o: Krrmrr-

E THREE

   
   
    
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
      
      
    
   
  
 

      
      
   
    
      
    
       
      
      
       
     
      
     
    
      
      
     
    
    
   
    
    
    
     
    
    
      
   
     
      
     
       
       
    
      
 
       
      
 
     
    
   
      
     
      
       
       
     
       
   
  

    

