 

  Y_0u\Might Be Underemployed

Your ﬁrst job may be far less than the hob
you feel you deserve. Economists estimate that
onrfourth and one-third of all workers are
underemployed —that is. working atjobsthat
do not use all the skills or training they have
acquired. This problem is likely to continue,
becuase each- year the number of new college
graduates exceeds the number of job openings
for college degree-holders.$ What can you
do if you‘re in this situation? First. decide
whether to keep pursuing 'the job of your
choice or to loWer your expectations. “Some
people. somewhere along the line. ought to
stop beating their heads against a wall and
accept something less than they have been
taught to light for. They ought to bring their
sights down a bit.” says Chuck Sundberg.
dean of UCLA‘s Placement and Career
Planning Center. “But i wouldn't presume to
advise anybody about that."

,' Psychologist Harry Levinson believes
that everyone is underemployed. “All of us
could do a lot more than we do on any given
job. You have to accept that." he says.
Levinson sees several alternatives ifyour only
job opportunites are disappointing:
You can dothe best you can at thejob you
can get. and earn a reputation at that work.
chinson's own consulting firm hired a
college graduate as a typist. The ncWemployee
said she deserved a more challenging job.
"Well. we don't have any challenging obs for
people who don't have doctorates." he told
her. "We do have a typing job.” if the
employee does wall at it. she may get to edit
manuscripts and build ti reputation that wil
earn her good references for later. more
creative jobs.
You can keep looking for a more
stimulating lob.
' Les Stwajkowski. a j

graduate. applied to newspapers across the
country without getting a nibble. After
graduation he took a bartending job at a
restaurant. But he didn't stop looking. One
night a waiter told Les one of his customers
was "looking for a writer." Les walked up to

the customer‘s table and introduced himself.
d lcw months. “I probably could be a lot more

The next day he went infor ajobinterview an

was promptly hired to write for an in-house

magazine.

You can use free time on a non-
demandlng job creatively -— to broaden your

lnderstandlng of the business and find new
work for yourself.

A woman with a degree in criminaljusticc
stumbled onto a job in the warehouse of a

large shipping company. She discovered that-
she like the people. the work and the money.
She also discovered that there were no women
in supervisory positions at the warehouse. and
she signed on as a trainee. Three years later, at
the age of 25. she supervises 40 people. makes
a comfortable salary of 525.000. and doesn't
worry about using her criminal justice degree. '
What you should not do. if you feel
underemployed. is let yourself get
comfortable. The first reaction to
underemployment. typically. is anger at not
getting what you deserve; this is followed by a
feeling of worthlessness. a sense that perhaps.
this job is the best you deserve or can expect.
When that feeling strikes. look out. You are
setting yourslef up for chronic lethargy. which
irequcsntly deteriorates into terminal ennui.
l he longer you stay at ajob that's “too small"
for you. the harder it will' be to leave. (And
also. the harder it will be to explain to another
employer why you stayed so long.)

0n the other hand. a short stay in a
nondcmiinding job might have positive.
hencliis' - particularly if you set a firm time‘
lttntt on the length of your stay. Tom Elﬁn. a
Mactilestcr College graduate in economics.
decided to rcgcct twojob offers related to his
held and instead is temporarily advising
cuslomers about 'wines in a St. Paul
Minnesota. liquor store. He loves his work.
and he has no doubts about hether he made
the right decision. '

"A lot of people take the ﬁrstjob offer that V
comes along in hopes in that it will work out.
instead at making sure the job will work out
before they take it.” says Elfin. “i wanted my
ltrst job to be something quite special." He'

oumamm sebum rejected the two offers because “there didn't

seem to beany rootn for creative involvement"
or "any signilicant responsibility." So he is
milling. and continuing to look. and in the
meantime havtng fun at his work. He
considers the liquor storejob the one before
his lirsljub. And he plans to be moving on to
that lirst job. in the financial arena. within a

coinlorttiblc had ltuken one ofthe otherjobsl
was ollcrcd." he says. “But i wouldn‘t really be
serving my needs."

[xi/lurk Note: Rt'primt'd from Ford Molar

i t out/mura- Insitli'r Magazine.
.

To the Editor:

We are an American family from
Minnesota living in Taiwan. My father - in -
law has been kind enough to send us several
editorial pages from stateside newspapers. it is
reassuring to see from the many Letters to the
Editors that the majority of Americans find it
; morally reprehensible that President Carter
. has agreed to put the fate of l7 million
treedom loving people in Taiwan othheir own

against the 900 million people controlled and
enslaved by the communist regime in Red
China.
Communication is the essence of life. the
truth must be heard. And in spite ofthc fence-
straddling international journalists. who dare
not jeopardize their future visa approvals to
enter Red China and are thus evading the
’ctnbarrassiug issue that America has bowed to
Red China's demands. it is deeply gratifyingto
I find that there still remains the American
dream the treasure of freedom —— in the
hearts of most Americans.

lhc reaction of many American
businessmen and bankers here in Taiwan hi
to me been appalling. Knowing they might

jCOpill’dllc their careers by speaking out
against the American immorality that has
occurred. and knowing they will probably be
in New York. London. Tokyo or Rio Di
Janciro before the consequence of Carter's
abandonment matures. many of these
heretotore community leaders are very
carcttilly hedging all their statements.
i‘attoniilinng that the risk exposure on their
\lmcsllttcnl here is sufficient support. What
they do not publiciLc is that their risk in most
cases is new as their investments are usually
lully protected by insurance from OPiC. a
in. gmcrnmcnt provedcd protection against
losses from political upheaval.

So l'ui'wan is kind at in a bind. Those
responsible to inform the American people.
the international journalists. are not

[economically free to properly emphasize the

been delivered. and the majority 'tf/bankcrs
and businessmen are likewise under great
economic pressure to avoid the issue.

Ihese American bankers and businessmen
are personally at the crossroads of
‘rcspons‘ihilily. Do they put business first? Or
do they put America's ideals first and publicly

 

On Taiwan and Carter;

danger to which our longtime friends have”

refuse to participate in promoting business
with mainland China until the people on the
mainland are free like the people on Taiwan .‘
a people free to worship. free to travel. free
from fear. free to dream an even better life for
their children.

Unfortunately many Americans are not
knowledgeable about Taiwan. During the last
30 years the international journalists have
used the tags Nationalist China. Free China.
Formosa. Taiwan and the Republic of China
to refer to the same place. For those nol in the
know. Taiwan is an island about halfthc sin
of Hoirdu. 290 by 50 miles. and 90 miles away
lrom mainland China. The climate is similar
to Honda. On this fairly large island reside

. two and a hall'timcs the population of Florida

l7 million of America's most dedicated
lricnds. They are not dummies. many have

degrees from USC, Harvard. lhe London

School of Economics. etc.

'l'heir hard work has created an economic
miracle on Taiwan with a good standard oi
living ind an immense amount of freedom. in
both cases comparable to Japan. They deserts
a much better deal than they got lltilil
L'arter. as they have given |00 percent
commitment to support the ideals and way of
life that Americans believe all mtinkintl
.lcscrvcs.

I 'am not opposed to the USA having
dialogue with Red China‘s 900 million pcnplc
Ihat is not the issue.

lhe act that was morally reprehensible \tns
Carter's agreeing to publicly insult and
olticuilly abandon 17 million friends that
embrace America's ideals of freedom so that
he could get I’ll.i'fllt’.\'.\‘ across to a country that
has closed the door of every church in their
land and still sends bodies offrccdom scckcts
“flouting down the river to liong Kong. 'I hat l\
the issue.

it Carter has not abandoned 'l'aiwtin. then
he should be required by the conscious of
America to concretely tell the American
people on what basis we can rest assured that
the lrcedoin of our friends has not been ptit lll
great jeopardy.

Attcr reading your stirring letters to thc
editor. I am again proud to be an American.
.\o\\' let's get Carter to face the issue. If he
won't. vote him out of ofﬁce and replace turn
with it responsible American thiit our allies
can trust and we can be proud of. i like ills
jeans and tic-lcs style. but so far in practice]
see only it man without honor. it man without
integrity. il than with no moral fiber.

lhank you on behalf of America's mum

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

