.viu\r~—..

'\

<ug=a.-eis....-.‘ ..\_‘....-».-n~.i H...

 

 

:.v........t Mrrlilii.)¢ltvill

 

 Total Eclipse [Takes Place

SEATTLE (AP) A wide swath ofthe Paciﬁc Northwest was
plunged brieﬂy into darkness yesterday, as the last total
eclipse of the sun in North America this ‘century moved
inland over cloud-covered skies at Agate Beach, Ore. In
Pdrtland, Ore., residents whooped and gasped in amazement
as the sky began to darken and temperatures dropped about
7:45 am. Complete darkness covered the largest city in the
Felipse's path by 8:13 am. It began to get light again at 8:16
am. Residents had to rely fora good view on television
‘ pictures taken from planes ﬂying above the thick cloud
‘eover. ABC-TV carried the event live nationally. East of the
_ Cascades, broken clouds provided some view of the sun as
The moon started its west-to-east march across the sky,
moving as far east as North Dakota before swinging north

in\to Canada. At‘Olympia, the Washington state capital. the

cloud cover broke 10 minutes before totality. In Canada,

meanwhile, thousands of persons in southern Manitoba and

northwestern Ontario got a good look at the eclipse. The

cloud cover that had dimmed hopes for ground-level

observation largely dissipated overnight, and the eclipse was

visible from most pans of the region.

Official is Executed in Iran

TEHRAN, IRAN (AP) The execution ofanother ofﬁcial of
Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi's secret police and public
floggings for violators of Islamic law were reported
yesterday. The newspaper Andegan reported that
Mohammad Hossein Nnderi, the secret police‘s torture
expert in the central city of Isfahan, was brought to Tehran
and executed by a ﬁring squad Sunday night. There was no
conﬁrmation ofthe report from aides ofAyatollah Ruhollah
Khomeini, whose security committee has executed eight
generals and a police commander accused ofsettinga theater
\ Ire that killed hundreds in Abadan last year. Two other,
police ofﬁcers were reported shot by ﬁring squad Feb. 19 in
Najnfabad, central Iran, for killing anti-shah demonstrators.
‘4‘ ’ . There have been unconﬁrmed reports of other executions by
vigilante groups. Execution sentences have been passed by
special revolutionary tribunals set up by Khomeini. The

 

 

 

 

 

~  iiéwsfbriefsg . «

law has been revived by Islamic courts. They have been
_admlnistering justice under the supervision of local religious
leaders and applying Moslem law since Khomeini's
revolution was victorious on Feb. 11.

US Will Ptotect Oil Interest

WASHINGTON (AP) The United States is prepared to use
its military force to protect the ﬂow of oil from the Middle
East, say two members of President Carter's Cabinet.
Defense Secretary Harold Brown said Sunday the United
States would “take any action that's appropriate” to protect
the Mideast oil ﬂow, which he said “is clearly part of our vital
interest." In a separate interview, Energy Secretary James R.
Schlesinger, said the administration is considering the “issue
of a US. military presence" in the Persian Gulf area. “That
would involve military personnel," he said. “Whether it
would involve a deployment of troops . . . combat arms of
the ground forces. is another question." Only days ago, Vice
President Walter F. Mondale said the administration had
shut the door on using American troops abroad “except
under the most extreme, compelling circumstances." Brown,
questioned on CBS-TV‘s “Face the Nation,” described the

Middle East oil ﬂow as “clearly part of our vitalinterests."

Brown Pondering Presidency

WASHINGTON (AP) Gov. Edmund G. Brown Jr. brought
his balance-the—budget. crusade to the nation's capital
Sunday, saying federal deﬁcit spending led directly to
California's tax revolt. The 40-year-old governor said it is too
early for a decision on whether he will challenge President
Carter for the Democratic presidential nomination in 1980,
adding that he is still “mulling over" the possibility. But in
interviews that opened his East Coast swing, Brown outlined
themes that could play a role in such a campaign, including
his push for a constitutional amendment to balance the
federal budget. Brown said federal budget deﬁcits fueled the
inﬂation that led California voters to pass Proposition 13 last
June, slashing property taxes by 57 percent. “1 think Prop. 13
occurred because of the ﬁscal policies of the federal
goverriment. . . Their wild deﬁcits, the inflation, the heating
of the economy, led to the increase in home values, leading to

rises in property taxes, leading to thei'tax revolt," he told
reporters.

Venezuela to Raise Oil Price

NEW YORK (AP) The price of oil used to heat homes and
power factories may rise still further because of an apparent
increase in the price of the fuel by a key exporter, Venezuela.
The world's fourth-largest oil producer decided over the
weekend to raise the price of some of its oil by 15 percent,
according to industry sources. There was no ofﬁcial
conﬁrmation of a price increase. The oil affected reportedly
would be mostly heavy reﬁned oil used for heating homes
and ﬁring factory boilers. Gasoline prices probably would
not be affected by the move. because that fuel is made with a
lighter grade of oil Venezuela is a key source of heavy oil for
the East Coast of the United States. The East Coast imports
about 17 times as much of this oil as the rest of the nation.
The reported increase, effective March I, would raise the
price of some grades of Venezuelan oil by more than $2 to
about $15.50 a barrel.

 

Heavy  in Vietnam

 

BANGKOK, THAILAND (AP) Sources in Peking predicta
big Chinese offensive in the Vietnam border war in a few
days, Japan's Kyodo news service reported. while Hanoi
claimed China is sending in more reinforcements after losing
4,000 troops infour Vietnamese counter-attacks. Kyodo said
sources in the Chinese capital told it the goal of the
intensiﬁed “punitive action" against Vietnam would be to
destroy at least'onc Vietnamese army division and military
bases and artillery emplacements near the border. But British
reporters in Peking said Vice Premier Wang Chen told them
the Chinese invasion force would not try to advance down
the Red River valley toward Hanoi. Kyodo said Peking
Radio reported Chinese troops had engaged Vietnamese
army regulars in hand-to-hand ﬁghting near the village of
Dong Dang, seven miles from the key northeast town of
Lang Son. The broadcast said ii Chinese battalion overran

 

ﬁve hilltop positions near Dong Dang but gave no casualty

ﬁgures and did not say when the battle occurred.
/

 

‘ 1 ‘  ancient tradition ofpublicfloggings for violations of Moslcm

E

 

 

 

Free Time Fun

l
i
l - I A series of free concerts are being offered for the next
I ’ ' several weeks. Performances begin at 11:45 and 12:00 in the
g ' “Egg.” Sylvia Kutchykian, soprano, and Leonard Castle,
. piano. will be featured March 1. In subsequent weeks, the
i,  Music Department of SUNY will present pianists Paul Ennis
1 (March 8) 'and Pain Baytelmnn (March 15). For further
‘5 information call 457-6977. .
i In addition to all these special events, the plaza features a
j y number of regular attractions. There are free tours of the
fill capital and free tours of the plaza itself given every hour on
it the hour 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. A View from 42 stories is provided
'_ from the observation deck of the Tower Building every day
3' from 9am. to 5 p.m. The State Museum is open seven days a
week from 10 am. to 5 p.m. The original copies of
Washington's Farewell Address and Lincoln‘s Gettysburg
3 Address ilfc currently on display. In addition the Terrace
Gallery will house “Images ofthe City," ii collection ol Works
depicting New York City and “Sources,”iincxliihit oflibrary
and information sciences. Ice skating is also available at
I Iimpire State l’lllltl. Sessions are Mondiiytlirough l‘TlIllly |l
, am. to 2 p.m. and 2:30 to 5 for 50ccntsiis well us It pin. to It)
"i p.m. for 51. Weekend sessions ruti12-2,3—5,iindIi—llllor $1.
. Rockefeller Plaza and the surrounding area provides
_ u I plenty to see its well. Take the SUNY bus to the Wellington
?  ‘ and just wander around the buildings and the surrounding
~ streets. The capitol of the entire state of New York is
I I ; here. Walk around and see what it looks like.
l
. L

 

During the next few weeks, The Empire Stiitc l’liira

 

provides a number of ways to ﬁll up a few hours. Boxing will
be featured at Convention Hall, Friday March 2, at 8:30. In
the main bout, Mike Michaud ﬁghts Frank Minigan. Tickets '
are $6 and $8. Another event nearby will be the Cyprus
Temple Shrine Circus. It‘s Saturday March IOat 9:30 a.m., 2
p.m. and 8 p.m. and Sunday March I I at 2and 5:30 p.m. The '
place is the New Scotland Avenue Armory which can be
reached by picking up a city bus across from the Wellington
Hotel around Iark Street.

. Joint Effort

The Albany Student Union (ASU) has formed a coalition
with various SUNYA groups to stop the tuition increase,
according to ASU member, Bruce Cronin.

The announcement came at a meeting Monday night with
ASU members and 28 leaders of groups such as the Feminist
Alliance, ASUIIA, and Student Association. Each group
discussed possibilities for persuading people tojoin the anti-
tuition hike demonstration to be held 10 am. Wednesday at
the SUNY Plaza, during the SUNY Iloard of Trustees
meeting.

Leaders will be contacting members oftheir own groups in
order to get people out to protest, said Cronin.

ASU Chairperson Nancy Smyth, is chairing the coalition.
She has iisked each group leader to gain support in endorsing
a resolution for the March 21 demonstration.

Cronin said there was an “excellent response" to the
formation of the coalition.

Smyth was very encouraged by the meeting, and said she
had “high hopes" for the coiilition.

Student Activism Active

Who ever siiid student activism is dead? It certainly wasn't
anyone who attended last weekend's NYPIRG Spring
Conference. Over 400 people attended the sixth annual
spring conference held here zit SUNYA. making it the most
successful NYI'IRU conference cvcr.

'IIic enthusiastic turnout cleiirly seems to indicate that.

\

student involvement with contemporary social issues didn't
die with the sixties. Although the issues today may hc
different, students are now involved with far more causes-

NYI’IRG is currently working on ii variety of piojeclh‘.
some of which include auto insurance reform and the
opening of a senior citizen food co-op.

Have Bus, Will Travel

The City of Yonkers is soon to become the destination of
dtiily non-stop bus service from Albany.

New York State Department of Transportation
Commissioner William C. Ilciincsscy announced last month
that Greyhound's request to provide the service had been
approved by the State. initiating ii one-vciir triiil service by
which permanent approval will be judged.

The Department ofTriinsportation'sapproval was in large
part brought about by Senator John Hynn(R-Y0nkcr8)ﬂnd
Assemblyman Richard C. Ross (D-Mount Vernon). Ross
siiid that residents of the lower Westchester area should be
made aware of the runs to Yonkers so asto assure the success

of the service.

Undergrads Voices Heard

If you're an undergraduate, you better be prepared to
answer some questions. The University's task force on
academic advisement, with the help of the Student
Association. will be conductingasurvcy. SA volunteers will
be questioning 500 undergraduate students on issues such as
peer advisement, career planning, and the condition. of the
present advisement system. Students will be contacted in
person and volunteers will wait while the survey is being ﬁlled
out.

'I he task force lltIS recently divided into three sub
coiiiiiiitlccs that will examine student responses to possible
changes in the advisement system.

Students in the sample will have an opportunity to voice
their opinions on the issues inn meaningful way, according to
SA Director of Academic Concerns, litiin lIiIl.

 

 

' PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

a...» -v...rklmrwmns.viumitt;~ “puma-.. We, . ., .

 

Gunya news briefs #

FEBRUARY 27, I979

.........-.-.,_.  ,,,,,«;.”_,. Hi;,.-;«,.g_;,..=a,':‘:i . 53‘

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Refer Crisis Center
There For Troubled Souls

by M. .I. Memmott

Always

He says he’s 49, but he looks at least 10 or 15 years older. His
orange sneakers are soaked by the slush and mud, his plaid ﬁares look
well worn, and the jacket he's WEaring would be more appropriate for

a 15 year old.

Somehowthrough the drunken mumbling it becomes clear that
hes been drinking for 30 years, and been in and out of various
alcoholic programs. The man says he wants to quit, but it appears like

more talk than actual will.

“We have some people like that
who keep calling and coming in for
years," said Project Equinox
counselor Doug Ashby. “They want
someone to talk to so they can feel
better. But if they don't really want
to lick their problem, there‘s really
nothing we can do. They have to
want to beat it themselves.“

The man with the drinking
problem had stopped to tell his story
at Refer, a4 crisis-line switchboard
located at 2| 6 Lark St., in downtown
Albany. Just one part ofa group of
community services joined together
under the umbrella of Project
Equinox, Refer was formed in 1970
to provide information, referral to
other services and agencies, and
immediate help in crisis situations.

“We provide a valuable service,
there‘s nothing else quite like it in

this city," Ashby said yesterday.
“We‘re an alternative to the more
traditional state agencies, where the
struct_ure is very different."

Project Equinox, the parent
organization of Refer, contains four
other components besides the crisis-
Iine switchboard. They center
mainly around youth programs:

OThey provide counseling services
for youths and/or their families,
especially in cases of drug abuse.

OThe organization runs a shelter .

to give temporary housing to
runaways and homeless youth.

'They provide outreach services
such as legal and welfare advocacy
work in the courts, should a youth
require their aid.

OAnd finally, they organize
various special projects, such as
summer concerts in Washington
Park. and an annual Thanksgiving

 

The job's. rewarding, but you don't lake 1! home.

,Day dinner.

Funding for Project Equinox.
according to Ashby, comes from
various sources in both the Federal
and state governments.

Refer, however, is a major part of
the organization.

Neighborhood Power On The Rise

by John Kennedy

“The best we‘ve had!" That is how Harold Rubin, chairperson of
the “Love Thy. Neighborhood" Convention, described Saturday's
turnout for the annual citizen's convention on neighborhood
improvement. It is sponsored yearly by the. Council of Albany
Neighborhood Association (CANA) and sixteen local neighborhood
associations. The Third Annual Conference was held at the
Westminister Presbyterian Church in downtowri Albany.

The crowd of 300 plus heard
Rubin. who is also the president of
CANA, open the session with
remarks on the growing
neighborhood power movement in
Albany. He cited redistribution of
Community Development funds as
one sign of increased neighborhood
strength.

Convention-goers then watched
three skits written and produced by
other convention participants. The
plays lampooned the local
governmental practices of code
enforcement, housing rehabilitation,
and political machine problem-
solving. They were acted out by
members of local neighborhood and
civic groups.

A panel discussion entitled “The
City Consumer" followed the skits.

 

  

The thlrd Love Thy Nolghborhood Convgnthsn was held Saturday.

The discussion addressed attempts
by local government and business to
revitalize the downtown shopping
district. Representing business were
Gus Yavis of the Central Avenue
Merchants Association, Bob Green
of Downtown Unlimited, and Jim
Grant ofthe Chamber of Commerce.

Director of the Albany Urban

Renewel Agency, David Riker,
represented the city, and BJ.
Costello of the Pine Hills

Neighborhood Association
represented "The People.“ The ﬁve
also answered questions from the
audience.

A highlight ofthe convention Wits
ii series of workshops on issues of
neighborhood concern. These
included property taxes, crime
prevention, displacement. trafﬁc,

 

Pralu'rl y taxes, crime prevention and a little zoning.

raanuxnv 21', mo

   
   

and zoning.
The zoning workshop was of

major concern to off-campus
students who attended the
convention. The anti-grouper

ordinance — a law stating that no
more than three unrelated
individuals may share the same
living space —iE}l zoning ordinance.
The zoning workshop dealt
extensively with this issue.

Moderators of the workshop,
including Costello and Rubin, were
active proponents of the ordinance
when it was passed by the Albany
Common Council in 1975. They
were questionednooutthe ordinance
by the eight students attending the
workshop. Although the proponents
have not changed their original
stand onthe issue, they did indicate a
willingness to work with groups such
as the SUNYA Off Campus
Association (OCA) when students
are hassled by the ordinance.

Costello, Rubin. and Mike
D'Attilio of the Manning Blvd.
Association have all given support to
the notion that no student should be
evicted under this ordinance during
mid-semester.

“When an apartment becomes
vacant," said D‘Attilio, “we want to
make Sure only the allowable
number of residents move back in.“
A similar concern has been voiced in
the past by Mayor Corning.

Also featured at the convention
were displays by more than thirty
community groups. Organizations
such as United Tenants of Albiiny,
Friends of the Pine Ilush, Dispute
Mediation Center, OCA, and the
Neighborhood Anti-Crime Project
dispinyed their literature and had
representatives available to answer
questions about the groups'
activities.

About 25 students participated in
the convention, which was open to
the public. “It‘s great to see so many
students getting active in the
neighborhood movement.“ said
former SA president Dave Gold, ii
conference participant.

“Neighborhoods are the source of
power in the city," said Tim Lcdwith
,of OCA and United Tenants of
- Albany, “and concerned individuals
are the strength ofiieighborhoods."

ALBANY STUDENT mass

"last year, we got 24,000 calls on
the crisis line," said 'Ashby. “People
call in with every problem in the
world, 24 hours a day."

Counselor Neil Klein agreed.
“Last year we averaged 65 crisis line
calls a day," he said. “There's a lot of
depression and suicide calls during
the winter months, but we get calls
from battered spouses, and others
who just want information on
drugs.“

Klein sees working at Refer as a
"learning experience." He also
worked at SUNYA‘s Middle Earth
while an undergrad at the school. He
calls crisis-line work his "niche."

"I know my own limits though,”
Klein said. “I never take this place

The stall at Rater are there day and nlght, with hetptul lntormstlon rtght at their tlnglps.

 
 
   

Photo: Allen Reich

home with me, I have to look out for
myself ﬁrst." The toll of seven years
of work hasn't hardened him
though, he said. He sees himself as
"experienced."
“You learn the ﬁne points of
dealing with people," Klein said.
“For instance, if someone is calling
up and saying they want to commit
suicide, they‘re probably not really
motivated to do so. If they really
were they probably wouldn't be
calling us up to tell us about it." ‘
According to Ashby, the
organizational structure at Refer is
one of its best features. “We work on
a matrix system here," Ashby said.
“Everyone on the staff has input on
I continued on page ﬂve

Collection Claimants
Find Claiming Is Hard

by Wendy Greenﬁeld

“What good is a small claims court if you can’t collect?" demanded
one dissatisﬁed claimant currently dealing with Albany Small Claims
Court. Figures recently released by the New York Public Interest
Research Group (NYPIRG) lend creedence to this complaint,
showing that only 30 percent of all claimants who have settled ever
collect on the judgment from a Small Claims Court case.

In the City of Albany, a claim may be brought in small claims for

damages ofSIOOO or less. Generally,
Small Claims Courts are contained
within local courts. serving as a place
where the average individual can go
to settle money disputes without a
lawyer. Still, few persons ever collect
on their grievances.

The rensons why only 30 percent
of claimants collect their money are
numerous, according to VISTA
(Volunteers in Service to America)
volunteer Mike Hiser. He said that
the person being sued may not have
enough money to cover the claim, or
may avoid payment by putting his
assets in the name of his spouse or
under the name ofiinother company.

Hiscr said that in some cases the
Iiick of payment is the fault of ii
Marshal, who is the person
responsible for serving summonses
iind following up the case.

Iliscr added that after the Marshal
tries to collect the money and fuilsto
do so, Iietiibles the case. Hiserclaims
that the Marshal is iit fault in
unresolved cases, and considers this
to be true in the case of Mrs. Colleen
Wagner.

Wagner was one ofthree people to
have filed suit in Albany after being
"bilked" by a construction worker
who refused to pay back the money

‘lIt: charged them for an inefﬁcient
job, Hiser said.

Wagner ﬁled the suit against John

Martin, owner ofthe Albany Paving
Company of Colonic. The amount
filed for was $300 plus the costs of
collection.

A summons was sent to Martin's
address, but the Oct. 28 hearing was
cancelled as the summons went
unclaimed; either the address was
incorrect orthe defendant refused it.

On the same day, Wagner went to
the City of Albany Small Claims
Court Marshal's ofﬁce, where she
paid a service charge of $10 for
personal delivery of the summons.

The summons was served on Dec.
2| and seven days later the case was
heart in Albany Small Claims Court.
Judge Morton Lynn ruled in
Wagner's favor. Marshal Edmund
Everst told Wagner that Martin
had two weeks to respond.

To date, Wagner has still not
collected her money, despite her
having ﬁled a property execution in
January which allowed the Marshal
to seize the defendant's assets to
honor the judgment.

At this time, Martin's savings
account could possibly be onthe line
iind defendant Wagner said that the
existence of a bank account in

Martin‘s name represents her only
chance of collecting.

“The Marshals are lax in carrying
out what they are supposed to do,"

conllnurd q“. page ﬁve

Mos THREE

 

