,9-

- t

.ye...‘ ..tw-

 

 

‘ *_,_,___,_~A .__M ”

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Stop Nuclear Power —i

,

Part II

by Barry M. Greiper -

You need Nuclear Energy to survive and

many of you use it presently for electricity in
your homes. You want Nuclear Energy. now!
In an advertisement in A’eit'ru‘eek magazine.
Edison Electric institute (EEI) agrees:
“Nuclear power is not the energy form of the
ruture. it is very much a part of the present.
And important national decisions must be
'made if it is to continue to make its
contribution to energy supply." (Currently
scienty-one nuclear plants supplyourcountry
with l2 percent of its electricity and with
ninety-four more plants under construction.
the supply will double within ten years.) EEI
also states that: “Nuclear generation of
electricity has grown because of its safety.
reliability. and economy . . . The American
Medical Association Council on Scientific
Affairs recently reported that. among the
principal fuels available for electricity
production-over the next twenty-ﬁve years.
nuclear power has the lowest adverse impact
on health." Other experts state “that the
ultimate disposal of radioactive wastes
presents no insurmountable technological
problems." And in the long run “the majority
of American people support the use ofnuclear
energy to generate electricity." believing it's
the best alternative for power in the next thirty
years.

How did the general public come to this
conclusion’.’ The statements from EEI are one
reason. and the media coverage of nuclear
energy is the other. Now let us look critically
at the EEI statements.

The government will conﬁrm that ninety-
four plants are under construction. Yet how
safe will they be? in recent ﬁndings. the
Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) has

determined that thirty-four plants have the
same sort of misleading instrument readings
that aggravated the accident at the Three
Mile Island nuclear plant v these defects
could endanger the health of many people.
There also have been many accidents
concerning nuclear energy. which i guess the
EEI just passed over.

In Detroit. a nuclear reactor came very
close to a meltdown and is illustrated in a
book called. “We Almost Lost Detroit.” by

John Grant Fuller. At Brookhaven. in I964-
65. scientists stated a meltdown could cause
45,000 deaths. l00.000 injuries and could
contaminate an area the size of Pennsylvania.
But the Atomic Energy Commission (AEC)
buried this information for eight years. At
that time. Glen Seaborg. ext-chairman of AEC
explained why: “We didn't want to publish it
because we thought it would be
misunderstood by the public.“ And already
flu: million workers have been exposed to
dangerous levels of radioactite particles
through their jobs. v
George Wald. a professor of biology at
Harvard University. and winner ofthe Nobel
Prile for physiology and medicine in 1967.
establishes that: “The current reactors
produce plutonium 239 as a by—product.
perhaps the most toxic substance known. if
you inhale one milligram. ever so much
smaller than a pinhead. you would be dead of
massive ﬁbrosis of the lungs within hours: one
microgram. there is a good chance of lung
cancer."
At the same time are uranium and
plutonium secure from thefi‘.’ Two hundred
and six (206) pounds of uranium disappeared
eleven years ago from the Nuclear Material
and Equipment Corporation in Apollo.
Pennsylvania: at General Electric. a worker
stole one hundred and ﬁlly (ISO) pounds of
uranium to fuel Tarapum Atomic Power
Station near Bombay India. But this is of
course safe and reliable: tanker owners know
well ships neter sink. never burn. never run
aground.
Are you unaffected by radioactive wastes?
A truck. carrying forty—six barrels of nuclear
waste overturned on a highway near Mount
Eagle. 'l'ennessee. And recently a state report
on the nuclear burial in West Valley near
Buffalo said there is dangerous plutonium and
uranium buried there. Nuclear power plants
also become obsolete in forty years. What will
happen to the waste then'.’ But you should not
worry. the EEI says there is no
insurmountable danger with the radioactive
wastes.
People support nuclear energy. But do the
people know what effects nuclear power has
on their lives“? George Wald answers this

 

Life with Buses

To the Editor:

There‘s a little square on the editorial page
of the ASP that suggests that if we want to
bitch, we should write a letter. There have
been many things that I, as a student, have
been tempted to bitch about in the six‘
semesters l‘ve been here, but about none have
i felt so strongly as this pressing problem. I
speak of the current status of the SUNY bus
system, a thorn in the butt of the vast majority
of off-campus students.

When i was a freshman, and occupied a
town house apartment on beautiful State
Quad, 1 was delighted to learn that there were
buses to get me downtown to my bank on
Friday, or to the Greyhound station if i
wanted to go home (often). These buses were
of two species: the Alumni Quad bus, which
went as far as Pierce Hall before returning;
and the Wellington bus. (The Draper bus was
as yet an infant hybrid, to the best of my
knowledge. (All the buses made all the stops,
and they ran reasonably often. Complaints
Were few, at least to my limited knowledge—
remember. I was an ignorantly happy
freshman. The next year. when l was a
sophomore and still a regular on State Quad. a
new species made its debut, the Wellington
Express bus. (Ah, evolution!) it only made
four stops instead of the ten the regular

 

 

 

Wellington made. At the time ithought that
was it pretty good idea, since now [hm
students who lived at the hotel wouldn't hm
to tolerate a thirty or fourty ntinute bu, ride
and I could ﬁt to the bank faster. And aslong
as these bum didn't run more often than (he
.regular Wellington. I guerud it was any,
But now i live on Quail Street, and u
became clear to me that the express bus was,“
such a good idea. In fact, when i moved to
Quail Street the shit hit the fan. Two major
changes were made:
l) First. the regular Wellington and Alumni
Quad buses became extinct, or at least an
endangered species. if a bus was iabckd
“Wellington” it was understood that the bus
would not stop at six normal stops. including
two heavily populated off-campus areas,
Allen Street atid Quail Street. Express buses
were express buses on the way up as well as thc
way down. I didn’t realize the implications of
this absurdity until December. when
Wellington buses with perhaps ten tttidcntsin
them whizzed up Western Avenue while fifty

of us or so were catching pneumonia ln front '

of the Gulf Station on Qunil Street. 11 angered
me when Draper buses were 30 minutes apan
and we all had to push each other out like
uncivilized Yahoos for a standing ptistllilnon
the bus home. (A seat? Are you kidding’mr
angered the further when i realized it was more
important for the Wellington residents to get
to their classes on time than it was for off-
campus residents to get to their classes on
time. Due tothis phenomenon, lwas nctcron

 

 

 

question: “The government approaches the
public with a snowjob of misinformation.
confusin and jargon . . .The idea is to keepthe
public under control. and to stiﬂe and
misdirect its well justified fear.“

isn't there a shortage of coal and oil and
therefore a need for nuclear energy? Oil prices
are rising. Gas is almost one dollar. It is over
two dollars in every other country in the
world. (Why do you think Europeans build
small cars?) My theory is the oil corporations
have ordered this great gasoline crunch to
divert people's minds from the ittcident in
Harrisburg and other nuclear plant problems.
They want you to believe that the need for
energy is so urgent that you need nuclear
power. Yet an argument will arise that lran
has stopped selling us oil. The United States
has enough reserves for years. though the
corporations will hide that fact. and create
artiﬁcial shortages. Theyalso persuade you by
stating that coal pollution is very dangerous.
True. But they do not mention that nuclear
pollution lasts forever.

Alternatives are viable. In the I975 Calyso
log an article discussed the “ocean thermal
energy conservatory" or OTEC and said by

[984 a large scale OTEC plattt should iv: in
order. The PPG and Grummar Sunsimius
Solar Systems Corporations hate word
money and conﬁdence in glass and
energy. While the Bechtel Corp. h: .
hydroelectric power is the motion of mm. .inti
is energy for the future. companies at: And
can build more efficient and safer Plitlih tor
the productiott of energy. There are rillle
alternatives. You can save energy it}
conserving it. For example: proper ll)\llltllllll]
in or homes can cut our heating or go and
electric bills by 30 percent.

However. the government .iiid
corporations are covering up your e) L" llirrt'
is propaganda on oil and coal shortages and
pollution; on nuclear energy‘s salct) .ind
reliability:and on thelimited alternatncs Hit
hard facts are that they do not want in lme
their billions of dollars invested in [)llLl'Jilf
energy and will open up new maricis. ones
they will not be able to control. Money tun be
redirected. But the effort must be made So
are you going to let the dangers of nude.”
power proliferate in your towns. Clilt't. illlti
country?

Again. it‘s your choice!

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

f§iFElFFER

THE DEMOCRATIC
REPUBLIC OF VIEW/w

lT LOOK-9 aw Foe
AUNT. W

,, ‘,

 

 

 

aist’ mm: M an

HleDE‘K [JILL PROVE
THIS Ala/68 HAPPEUEP

 

 

 

iiOCHes

hove entered the music
scene to critical acclaim

 

I! Visit To The Student; rt: Tl
Exhibit Is Highly
Recommended

 

O.l<., Fiasréerizw OF THE

UNDESiRABLiES; FRUITS,

VEéETABLES , CHEESE,
Elam/N 

 

 

Fred Goes Shopping
See 8a

{The Complications Involved
to Making 59
Endorsements ﬁre
Described

Sec 30

Trivio Time Visits F Troop
Soc 80‘

.,_ cm, s  ,-..F,g.»£,§___5__ M-..,.a.;se c2. '.'

WQ‘.
. "no... ,, ,1?

.- -ﬁﬂi'

i- f. v: 3...;

 

 

