 

 

 

 

 

 

 

., 3
17'.
’ r

xii“... ..

, ..s .~ ~.......—-«

 

 

 
   
 

1min: OCTOBER '28
TIME: 2:30 P.M.

, IN THE GYM
TEAM AND INDIVIDUAL
ENTRIES.

’I‘IIE DEADLINE FOR ALL
ENTRIES IS OCTOBER 24.
APPLICATIONS IN CC 130

 

  

WRESTLING ROOM-2nd noon

 

SUNYA LIBERAL-EDUCATION SERIES
PRESENTS

“IS THERE LIFE AFTER
ACCOUNTING 211?”
Bit DR. HAROLD CANNON

THURSDAY
NOVEMBER 1

MONDAY
OCTOBER 29
AT 7:0 .M. AT 1:00 P. .
MORRIS LOWER ANTHONY LOWER
LOUNGE L E
COLONIAL OUAD STATE OUAD
REFRESHMENTS WILL BE SERVED

SPONSORED BY DEAN oi UNdEanAdUATE Srudirs
DEAN of Srudcnr Allnins Srudcnr Association

 

 

 

 

Openinem am: FREQ e K;
Joyce t; I; 7' a D
C

  

ri'sbee Tournament

\\ \ Sun. Nov. 4 at 2:30 on the
 % Varsity Football Field

Men’s 8. Women's competition in DISTANCE and ACCURACY

sl Entry Fee
Sign up in C0430

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

ROBINSON , to?

5—.

n

    

       

r

 

 

5’ ALLOWEE
PARTY

DUTCH mouse
0 FRlDAV. OCT. 26“ Q

0 .....9=3.O.*°.??...... Q
0 0 FREE ADMISSION o 0 Q

TO Flb‘b‘f 2‘5 VEDTTE Q)
wril‘l COSTUME
a 0 15¢ sir/1's»; card,” 0
 m't-lrl‘tou’i icy. ecu—A
50d uJ'ti'h Cotalru me. O

 

 

O v COME TO OUR V O

 

 

 

or call Mike at 457-4703

«funded

 

 

 

 

 

 

TOWER EAST
CINEMA

Presents

- WHO rs HE?
. ‘WHAT rs HE? ;
SHOULD WE FEAR HIM?
CAN WE sror HlM?
rs HEAWARNING?

rs HE THE BEGINNING
r/ or THE END? '

 

 

Friday & Saturday .
7:30 and 10:00

LC 7
.75 w/ TEC $1.25 w/o

Special Midnite Show ‘Burnt Offerings'.

  

11 was poorly written 2 ms to he the
norm rather than the exception: it must have
been that it was about grry rights. The xlSPhas
made a policy of giving the gay rights
movement short shrift. placing gay alliance
ads well in the back. The only prior publicity
given to the march other than those ads was an
innocuous bit of ﬂuff quoting only the safest
sort of claims.

Althouin anti-nuclear demonstrations are
safe and should be written about with
complete acceptance and relatively little
questioning. gay rights are to be shunned and
pushed back into the closet where no one will
have to see us. Well. we are fucking tired of
those closets and though i still cannot sign my
name to the bottom of this letter. one day I

"will be able to and then all the people and
organiiations that have been gi\irig me and
my brothers and sisters shit will have to
answer to it.

Name Withheld
Ei/lltlr'x Note: Due to lllt' large i-o/rt/rteofnmll
rt't't'll't’ll, il l.\‘ often Iit'r-t'xsurjr' Io t‘lltJU.\t' one
let/er expressing .virrrr’lttrft't'lr'ngi ol'miotlrt'r.
As you Iltllt'. ll't‘ tlt'il llltlt't‘tl/ll’llll roroIIu-r let/er

on gay riglt/i. om- Ilttll am I't‘Ill't‘.\t'llltlll\'t' of
I/lt'fi't'llllg, tIm/t/ppro/iritr/t' rI.i rrp/‘o/rorlio/I of

llltlll rl‘l'i‘ll’t't/UH IlrrII \ulrit't'l. 'IlrtII you llt'llt‘l't'
ortr .S't'u/rl'ools ror't'l'trgt' It‘rlt 1/ lot trl“‘rr'oI'I/rlt'.t.\
t'l‘tl/l". n't'll I Ilrr'lrlt it It!!! \tl/t‘ll or null Iliu/
IllU.\l' ll'llll It'l‘tllt‘tlll IlIt' l.\\llr‘rlt‘ Illll ugri'r' rrlIlr
you. .-li Io llll' slSl'K [ttrllr‘t' o/ tl/it‘t‘rorrrrillr'rir:
tlytlllhl ,l_'tll’ rig/Ht. {It/s tll't' Irritl out l‘tlllr/ttlIl/l',
urrt/ your llItllllltlllII/l.\ tll'l’ Illlllt’rltll the li rout:
people. We ri'i'lt‘orut' tlIlt/ [rrtlrlr'tlr (II/opinions
trial we would he Imp/Jr In [ll'llll ll lull [urge
t't/lltll'ltll t/rrt-m/ on gut rr'g/rrx I] lit’ I't’tt'll‘t‘
.ml/rt‘ri'rrl tirtlrl lrI rtitrrtrtil surlr Ir't'tttrrrr'rrr.

As The Tenure Turns

To the lidltor:

In response to Senator liorktiwski‘s letter in
the .AtSi‘ul' October l‘). we would like to point
.ttlll that thc l'a'cts are not ris concrete as
Senator llorkowski would have trsall believe.

As Senator llrirkowski has pointed otrt.
“'l he l’rcsidcul then makes tlic tirial decision
in the case." lriiplicit in that statement is a
'l'utility which has amassed m er the past yca r's.
As it presently stands.a teacher may bcdeuicd
tenure of promotion because a Department.
School or Senate (‘ommittcc tccls that the
teacher does not warrant a necd within that
department. lti other words. a litre teacher
who merits tenure or promotion will he denied
sticli rt position becatisc at the present time the
priorities and prograrus ol the department do
not warrant his renewal or promotion

We find it hard to believe that we are so
temporal in otrr views as to allow a sitiglc
moment's opinion of pr'ior'itics to irilltrcricc a
person‘s critir'c professional career. It the
priorities dictrrte his not r'ecciiirig tenure and
tltrce years down the roritl the pi ior'ity system
ol' the department changes and his position is
warranted. have we not dcleatcd the purpose
of issiritig tenurc in the tirsr place tot
cscellencc in teaching and scholar ly \sor'k‘.’ We
have accomplished the dismissal ol rt tiric
educator and perhaps the reputation that ioli
security is no longer rt luring dciicc tor line
riciv faculty to ioin our stall.

As to llll: contention that a Senate. School.
or Department ('oriimrrrcc can dictate the
priorities and programs ot rt school lit a more
able laslrion \\llll itirdcru guidance. we
respond by saying how politically ririiie we
are. 'llic l’r'csidcru has the lirtal say on all
tcuru'e decisions. last year he reier sctl several
cascs which lie liclicicd did not Irrlly L'Mltt'ss
the needs ril'otrr' University. It the President is
gi\eu strcli tirrrrl power then perhaps it is rirtr
responsibility not to masque such
responsibility in the vast bureaucracy which
governs oitr running and protiioiitrrial
network.

We agree wliole-lrcar’tcdly with Senator
liorkowski: students and lrrculty should speak
to’their Senator's rrrrd express their views. We
do. however. believe that in the end we will far
better the edtrcational experience for all at this

 

 

 

 

 

on“...  ....rm.. ... . .

 

University if we remove the mysticism
regarding tenure arttl continuing promotion.
|We encourage faculty as well as students to
‘tiuppnrl Senator 'l'rirlton‘s ariteridriierit to the

 

 

 
   

  

A lra Somach
Rich Nagle
University Senate
State Quad
Mark Lafayette
University Senate
Colonial Quad

The Offense Rests

To the Editor:

On Saturday. October Hm. I attended the
speech which F. Lee Bailey gave in the
University Gym. During his many criticisms
of today‘s American Legal System, he made
one very interesting statement. “If I were
innocent. I would wrtnt a military court to
hear the case. if i were guilty. I‘d want a jury
trial every time because there is always the
chance that you could fool the jury.“

At the tirire. lcorisidered the statement both
interesting. rrrid rriildly humorous. the
decision in the ease ol officers Vita and
llttchanan has drained all ol the humor out ol
the statement. It is obviously a sat‘ fact.

The distinguished defense attorneys lune
accused the witnesses or conspiring to frame
their clients. The attorneys claiuicd that the

 

witnesses dccidcd that "the best dcleusc is a
good ol’l'crisc“ rrrid iriicritcd all the charges
against Vita and liuchatran to "cloack their
own misdeeds."

In reality. C\ttL‘tl) the opposite occurred
Rather than answer the charges. the deterisc
:rttrrckcd the witnesses. It became oh\toris
car ly in the trial that the u rtncsscs were being
transformed into dctcudarits. lliroitglr
character assasirrattou. and out right lies the
defense rrtariagcd to destroy the ercdrbrlrry ol
the witnesses.

llie lrict that these witnesses were telling the
truth under oath became cornplctcly
irrelevant since the jury had been convinced
that all the witnesses were “dispicahle pot-
hcads." lit the October 25th 'lirucs llriiou
Attorney (‘heese‘uian sritd “we slrotrld take all
their testimony and throw it in the gutter
where it belongs, I would like to srrggcsl that
maybe ('hcescmau shotrld crawl in Ilrcre with
it.

in my opinion. these satire dctcrrdrints
would have been com rctcd on all counts by a
military court. Also. at the risk ol seeming
l'acctiotrs. i feel art atgtrrucut cotrld he made
for r‘ctryirig the case. You riiight say that that
would he dotihlc jeopardy. You can‘t try
someone twice for the same crime. look
again. in this case the defendants were never
tried by a buy. lhe witnesses were.

Michael K. Williamson
V.l’. l'ottcr (‘luli

Bus Mess

To the litlilor:
llic transportation situation at Si \\ rs

 

 

 
 
    

...Ad Justice For It?

Students are the niggers of Albany. We are the victims of injustice. The acquittal of
the alleged robber—cops. Buchanan and Vita. prove one sorry fact about where We
stand in the city of Albany — in the backl The police and the court can laugh now.

. They've put us in our place. The systemic oppression ofstudénts can continue as it has.

unimpeded. unhalted. not even by justice.

The decision of thejury in the Waterbury trial isa gross miscarriage ofjustice. it isa
decision against student rights and against the constitutional principles that we
learned about in school. We learned a bitter lesson yesterday when the unsurprising
verdict was announced. it was unsurprising because during the course of the trial the
studetits were transformed into defendants 'while the perpetrators were made to look
like over-enthusiastic police officers trying to do their job. The charges against the
cops. let us remember. were larceny. robbery and extortion. But that wouldn't have
tnattcred. for the jury was solid middle-age. middle-class. Albany conservative
(ilr':t'n.r. No stttderits. No young people. No one under forty. They were Albany‘
standard bearers who no riiore intended to convict two Albany cops than Albany
judges wanted to sentence them. Strident rights‘.’

This is Albany. Arid in Albany students aren‘t citiIcns. We live here most ofthe year.
We are consumers here. We pay for housing licr'e. whether in rent or for dorms. taxcs
are included iii both. Some of its llltVL‘thS here. We walk its streets. We breathe its air.
Its police harass us. There are 15.000 of us. litit we cannot vote here. and because we
cannot vote. we cannot serve onjuries. ll 't' rirejust “those college kids"to most Albany
t'lll:t'lt.\‘. So if a cup or two comes bursting itito otrr rooms withotrt a warrant and steals
oirr money and threatens its for more. well nobody really givesa damn. except as. and
we'll be gone soon .so what the hell difference does it make"?

l'hat's too had. 'l’here are some of our neighbors who don‘t feel this way. but right
now we a re too angry and they are too silent to quell our auger. The court's decision is
tantamount to a slap in our lace. We‘ie turned the cheek too many lltliL‘Sllll’L‘iltl)‘. The
court's decision is an assault lllt‘\t'l) one ol'tlic |5_tllltl stirdcntsrrt SllNYA.rrritlc\'cr'y
other citr/en who cares about caristitutrorial rights and the other stuff we all learned
about in school. lhc court‘s decision print-s one thing. that in Albany. there is no
justice. rust tts.

 

Quote of the Day
“We should take all their testimony. and if we could. them too. wrap
them in a bundle and throw it out in thc gtrttcr where it belongs.“

’aul  Clicescmaii
Defense Attorney for Vita

 

 

 

 

hard on anyone. on sonic more than on
others. [here are sortie problems that can and
should he it-sol\ctl ituriu‘tltatcly. As only one
orrt ol tour 5| \Y littst's Is a Wellington bus
and .rs they are Illlt‘lltlt‘tl to pro\idc
transportation primarily to students li\rru.I
downtown. these students should be
llt‘t‘tllllllll)tlillt‘ll lust. lltl\\t'\l‘l. tlicsc litrscs
\e|\ tlllt‘ll .ll||\t‘ .rt lllt' crr.t|t-rrl| birt trill. \\llll
oril\ a It'w plates lclt. rrll staritlrrig Many
people who lric dowritow narclclt at tlit't'rrt'lc
withnorrlrt-rririrnt-brrttotalst-rthrrstollrapcr
rrrid a long walk: yet. ltrrrii 'r to 'r ol the

 

students on lll\'\t' lirrscs get oll at l’ailrrdgc
St . \\lllltltll larl' llrcsc people. who could
wart ‘3 rririrutt's lor lllt'li on n bits. are tlt'ptti ingl
others or lllt'll orin means ol ll.itlspttll.’llltilt.l
In order to insure larrrit'ss in allocation til
places on the buses one ol the lollowirrg
adrirruistrritrtt- rcmcrlres should he rrupriscd
IMMl l)l/\|l t Y.

I. All thlrugrori buses to he declared
t-sprcss. no stops allowed liclor'c Draper". or

1. Wellington hrrscs arristng at circle prior
to a downtown run with standing room only
are to he declared lixpr'ess by the driver. with
students itrteiidrrig to get ol'l‘bclore Draper to
lie tlisetubar'ls‘cd at lltc circle to wait l‘oi'rr lrrtct'
bus. 'I his systcrri would allow [or more
llcxibility atrtl could lICllL‘l’ serve all

co ccr'tied. . .
" .I.M. Mc(iurre
_._...

 

 

gt of Promotion trrid (‘oruiriuing
' ' " ‘ "—_‘-_"_._———r-v-——"_-—— I

 

M
I .._.__.—-———'

é a:

Jay B. Gluten, lftlitorvlrrtflrtel
Ronald Lew, Richard Behlr. Mtltltltlltlt) lidr‘tors

. . . . Mlchcle lstoel

Nequdilor... .. .. . .. 

Amrociute News Editor . . . . . Laura ljitirt-iitiuo
ASPects Editor. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Stuart Matrariga
Associate ASPects Editor . . . . . . . . . . , . . Marty Vtiltovlrlr
Sports Editor. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Paul Schwartz
Associate Sports Editor . . . . . . . . . . . Mlltu Dunne
Editorial Pages Edllor Charles Blencr

Staiiwrlicrs: Charles llell. llob lit-llalioro. lid ("rtiotliiiati. Larry Kahu. Maureen George. Kathy
l’t'iillt. Susan MtllltJtlll. “lllll'llti litrsr'rrlratrrn. lit-tit Setter. .leli St’liadtill. Aron Striltli. Deliliv Siriitli
SUNY News Brieis: Susan Millirtan Preview and Zodiac: Dorothy llamnc

Debbie Kopi. Business Manager

Stew Goldstelu
Lisa Appluhnum
licunle Brown
Amy Sours

Advertising Manager
Billing Accountant . .
Assistant Accountant
Composition Manager

Sales: liandvu liar-i. Kathy llosr'o, Rielr St'horirriger. Rich St-llgsnnclnoniiled Manager:
September Klein Composition: l-rau (ilueclrert. Robin Goldberg. Mtltt- McDonald Advertising
Production Manager: Sue llatrsnran Advertising Production: Charles licll, Helene
Drrirltcr.‘l‘arnuil (iotgt-r. Penny (iii-uristeirr. iloy l’it-lcr. Annette StoucOIIice Coordinator:
Evelyn lillls Oﬂice Sta": Robbin lilot'lt. Diane (iarliritllc. (lay Lustgarttrn. Andrey Molrn. Bonnie

Stevens

Jordan Metlger. Rob Grubmln. l’roductton Managers
Eric Koli. Graham Sillimnn, Assortnte Production Monitor-rs

Vincent Alello
...    ..l)avelicii]aruln
. . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . r . . Huult's Chick

 

Production Anti-lam. . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
VenlcalCnmer- . . . . . . .
Typist Extraordinaire . .

Pulls up: Ilsa liorirtlotuo. Marla ltallonri Tvplum (Iairle Chandler. Rohlri Goldberg. Mindy Gor-
i don, Dabble Loch. lietli Lorhtu Prooirenderu: Rachel Colicii. Strc Llcluerrslelu. Donna
Relclinur. Ronald Sucher '

Photogr-plly. supplied prlnclptilly by University l’lioto Serirlce

Eat-bilath I916
The Albany Student Press ls prrhllshed cuery Tuesday and Frldap drtrlng the school year by the
' Albany Student Press Corporation. an Independent, nob/ar-pmllt organization. Edllorlal pollcy ls
delerriilned by the Edlt0r~ln-Clrlel. and Is sublch to rculcw by the Editorial Board. Malling Address:
Albany Student Press, CC 329, 1400 Wurlitrrgton Arm. Albany. NY 12222,
(518} 4578892

M

 

