 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

by Tom Derham

ALBANY (PINS) ln I977. a Cornell
University sophomore walked to the edge of
the gorge and peered dowrt. Secttnds later. lte
jumped the lot) fch to ltis death.

Last year. it fcntale at SUNY Binghainton
took an overdose of barbituates and locked
herself in a car in a secluded area. She had
been a frequent visitor to tire counseling
center on cantpus before her death.

A l7-ycar-old Michigan fresltntan killed
himself by lying oit tltc tracks in front of a
moving train. He ltad complained about
difficulties iit college.

It is estimated tltat l000 college students
ntakc serious stiicidc attempts every year in
tire United States and ntore tltan 250
succeed. The figures are only approximate
because colleges often classify suicides as
"accidents." not necessarily to cover up the
tragedy but because tltey just don‘t know.
Dcatlts attribured to one-car accidents and
listed as

drtig ttvcrdoses are always
"accidental" unless concrete evidence to the
contrary such as a suicide note -r is
present.

in New York State. the figures for college
students are vague but some isolated cases
were reported last year. A noted psychologist
said that Cornell University in lthaca “had at,
least nine suicides in I977.“

The National Center for Health Statistics
reports that tlte suicide rate among Americans
agcd l5-24 has doubled in the past decade.
Suicide accounts for one out of ten deaths in
that age group. and now ranks tltird behind

accidents and homicides r as a killer ol
young Americans. i'l'lte Center also reports
that ntale suicide rates progressively clirrtb

witlt aging while female rates peak at the 45-54

age group. The rate is grcatcraiiioiig men than
women in all age groups.

Dr. Ari Kiev. cliiticalassociatc protessorpl
psychiatry at the Cornell Uttitcrsify Medical
College in New York City and the author ttf
77W .S'irit'it/u/ l’ulrt'iil said that tltc rate for
college students tends to be higher than that
for non-college adults of the same age, Also.
l9 percent of college sophomores reported
serious suicidal thoughts. compared to the
four percent ttf freshmen who reported such
thoughts.

Kiev suspects the rate is so high because
“college students are under ittore pressure iirri
competitive environment. possess a loviei‘
frustration tolerance associated with habits of
television. have greater emphasis oit

 

 

 

gratification and have less training in the
postponement of gratification.“ .

Kiev also attributes the increased rate to
"the widespread use of drugs which reduces
resistance to acting on impulses. and this
holds for marijuana and notjust hard drugs;“

On Cornell‘s high suicide occurrences. Dr.
R. David Kissinger.director ofpsychological
services at SUNY-Binghamton. speculated
that part of it is the “dramatics"ofthe gorges. :

"Cornell has all those gorges. and once you
decide to jump. you can‘t cltange your mind
mid-way.“ Kissinger said.

Kissinger noted that although men‘s suicide
rates are higher. “women tend to ntakc more
attempts. Men. on the other ltand. teitd to be
more lethal. and they use ntore lethal means.
A man is more likely to pick tip a gun and
shoot ltitttsclf."

However. noted university psychologists
ltave said that students who attempt.suicidc
do not really want to kill themselves. 'fhcyarc
depressed a miijorsuicidal symptom v and
all they want to do is escape the depression.

As Professor Edwin S. Schneidian of the
University of California at Berkeley put it:

“Until tltc moment that the bullet or
barbiturate finally snuffs out life‘s last breath.
the suicidal person wants desperately to live.
He is begging to be saved."

Dr. Kiev said the suicidal person “just‘
doesn‘t want to be distressed. it‘s not so ntuclt
seeking death as it is avoiding pain."

Kiev charged that schools are not familiar
enough with suicide problems on campuses.
aitd they can't effectively treat the students.

He noted that Paine-Whitney psychiatric
cliitic iii New York City. one of the country‘s
outstanding clinics. ltas de~cntphasiled
.viiicidology. tiliich he feels is a iiiajorntistakc.

“ii iii a top-notch setting. tltcrc isa denial of
suicide as a problem." Kicv said. "then at
student health services. where psycliitiiricaitd
psychological programs tcitd not to be given

 

as iitticfi proittiiteiice as they should. suicide is
going to be given c\ cit less.

"Universities have to rcali/c that tltcy are
dealing with y‘otiitgadiilts at the most critical.
transitional and stresslttlpcriodsol their lives.
Yet. the schools scctit to take an ostrich
posture and ignore suicide." he said.

Some colleges have opened walk—iii
counseling services for students. provided 24~
hour mental health hotlirtcs. and established
scrvicesritdorittitoricsaiid classrooms. liiitall
these programs cost rttrtiicy a lot of worm

and these services are hit first when the

Best Buses

  

To the Editor:

In response to a letter written in the ASP, l
feel that it was an unfair putdown of tlic
SUNYA bus service and drivers.

1 take the bus very often and do not find
that the bus drivers are “thoughtless.” They
are very intelligent. caring people. Many of
the drivers attend courses at SUNYA and
have a genuine interest in education. They
know what it‘s like to be a student also.

of course there ltave been instances when
buses were late or never came btit we are all
human and problems do arise. Bus drivers get
sick once in a wltilealso. lagreethatthe buses
should run on diffcrcitt schedules on Tuesday
and Thursday than MWF arid that this would

- alleviate crowded bus conditions.

l feel tltat the bus drivers deserve ntorc
thanks than we give tlteitt. Wlty let one ortwo
inadequate drivers spoil tltc image for all tltc
rest‘.’ They are overall vci'y considerate.
helpful aitd friendly. We all have a bad day
oitce iii a wltile. don't we'.’ 'l‘ltey‘re otit tlterc to
ltelp us. Where would we get without them?
Not very far.

A Concerned Student

Bumbles Mumbles

To the Editor:

I would like to ntakc public my support of
Scott Loitsberry for SA. President. I not a
member of the litterital Affairs Committee
and have had the pleasure of serving oit tltc
Committee when Scott was Chairman. it
became obvious to me that Scott is a hard
worker. and possesses the ability to he a great
leader.

Recently Scott broke many ttf his ties with
several rticntbers of SA. wlto were pitttittg
pressure on hint becatisc he would refuse to
give iitforittutioit. Scott woitld trike important

 

suppress information. Scott vtoiild takl.
important issues that came before it...
Contmittec to the press because he felt that [he
students had tltc right to he informed on rirL-
goings on of SA. This lrigltieiietl iitarrr
members of SA. because they were seen its rhi-
cowards that they really were. lltcy rim»
afraid to oppose the SA. elite oit lltcsc Isslit‘s
They thought that these people would ttirlkL' rr
touglt on tltcnt like they did on Scott. \ri rim
joined the SA. clique. '

This is why I and several other stirdcrrn,
after surveyingtlic field of lltc“sii»crillctl"S ..\,
candidates. asked Scott to I'll" loi' l’icsidr-m
We felt that the students needed air tillcitriiitrc
choice: a President who would put an end to
this elitist clique. Scott would allow ior
freedont of infoi‘ittatioti. and of opinion.

This is also why many members of S -\ :iic
ruttitingarouitd arid tciiriiig thcii llillt itlll orr-r
Scott‘s candidacy. because they kirort ilirti rt
Scott is elected ltc would ptit an end to tficii
own little cliqtiisli elite.

i hope yoti will join lllL‘ lllltl minds in
supporting Scott l.oitsbeiiy for s \
l’rcsidcitt. Wc ciiit "liriiig SA lloiiir'." back
lit tltc students where it belongs.

llriiik lllfllllllt‘

If You’re Concerned

To the Editor:

On Saturday. April 2|. W79. lrcittr-crr rrrrc
and five o‘clock tltcre was a forum .rrid i.i||y
concerning the energy of oiri lttllltL'. c.ilfcr|.
"The Nuclear 'l'iittcbomb." ill llli' \Iluriry
Public Library. iit tlovtit-iotrii '\lllrtti_\
Among tltc people involved were lt‘t‘llltt'H .lllll
Peck of the War Resisters l.Citill|t‘. lrlirriirl
Block of tlte Union of lilccttrral \\oikcis.
.loltit Ciitro. a physicist. wlto has worked on

building instruments used in tiuclcat
weapons. Tove lioritloft of l )criirr.iil.'~t)(i:\.
arid a young mart from Sltad. riir .tllll'llllt‘lt'ltl

power group from Long Island ‘\l\ti llltllltlt‘tl
iii the program was a slide slrrrrr druiliirc \\illl

 

 

colleges institute financial cutbacks.

lltc psychological counseling programs in
many units of tltc City University of chv
York ((‘llNY i ltavc almost been vvipctl otii by
fiscal cutbacks. Queens College. for ottc. is
now left \\llll two people to liaitdlc its l‘).()ll(l
students.

l)r. licrtiard lii‘attsoit. a psychological
consultant at Queens. said his department‘s
services were "shafted" bccaiisc ol the state
cutback or money.

“We used to lime a good stall and we were

always busy." lte said. “Now. sllltlt’tits c.iii‘i
get in rigltt away so tltcy don't Crilllt‘ Ill .ri .i|| “

l)i'. Kissinger said his liiiigliaiiitrrti IilllL't‘
stillcrcd itri reduction “but no l|ltlt'.l\t"
eitlici‘." llis oflicc has the L'qllth'llt‘til oi 1“
pcoplc tti scrvc lfl.fi()tl stiitlciits

Will stiicidc services on trllll|llr't'\ lit”
affected if Itiiitliitg I\ iiot iiicri-owrl'

“far too oltcii. we are too l.ilt with too
little." Kissinger said. " | Iiis ts .r ptoirlt iii Ilirtl
will contintic until we are allocated more
money.“

 

 

 

  

“i “mm m. 4.2,

you CANT! l/OURE
.7 AVOLTA i

 

70”“ TRAVOLTA

 

    
  

 
 
 

ill!“
with
I"r"Di,"i}LfIkl
"I

    

 

 

,f

 

 

 

 

 

,‘qrir‘i‘. '

,f

 

 

 

 

the politics of Harrisburg‘s Three Mile Island
incident. and singer Nelly Brown. who sang it
pretty ballad in dedication of Karen Silkwood
and the anti-nuke movement. The speakers
continually pushed tltc barrage of successive
rtigltts Monday. April 2}. there is a nuclear
debate. Tuesday. a discussion on altcriiatives
to ituclear energy and on Wednesday. it film.
"lovejoys Nuclear War“: oit Sunday April
29th there will be a rally iit Saugcrties. NY.
with Jon Sebastian and Pete Sccger: aitd oit
May fitli. a march on Washington l).(‘..‘\\'liL‘l'L'
two thousand people are expected to protest
nuclear power among them will be Jane
Fonda. (ii'aham Naslt. Dart Fogclherg and
l.in 'l'ornlin . . . The day at tltc library was
pleasant and a learning experience for all
those who came.

But I was disappointed! Wlterc were my
fellow SUNYA students? It was a beatitiliil
sunny day and that understandably kept some
of you away. Other students hadn't ltcard of
the forum. Yet for malty students the reasons
were obvious. ft is the life of iiitinvohciitciit
you are leading Youa re apatltctic individuals
who only care about your marks. future jobs
and immediate satisfaction. and don't care
about ntuclt else. The quality oflifc is foreign
to you. You don‘t ltiivc tiittc to get involved iit
anything. The question is: Will l get a good
nth tutti be economically scetire‘.’ The economy
of life and its profits are iitore important to
yoti than the qualiton life. You worry about
getting food on your table for toittorrott
tiliotiglt there will he ftititl if you waiit there to
he). instead of \vorry‘iiiy.I about the nuclear
arms race that will ciitl your toitrorrow, As
John Cuti‘o said oit Saturday. "littd tltcarins

race before it ends the human race." liut how
many of you know tfic seriousness til this
problem? Not many.

You move along in your little nicltes. and
iliiitk about art exam or getting f . . . tip to
relieve the tensions of your stagnated lives.
l‘tif' \\liat'.’ A job . . . ittaybc.

A iicw set of valtiesarc needed. Here‘s what
lsiiggc‘st Think about liotv you can give lit the
world instead of takiitg front it: about long
lristrirg satisfactioits instead til iittiiicdiatc
ones; about quality instead til quantity: aird
about a stiticr and healthier home instead of a
greedy present and future.

l’tciyoite blames ctcryoiic else for the
problems in this world. alhcil the problems
illL' with all of its. ll yotiact.you can construct

 

better ways to live: but if not. you will
continue to be robots. in a tccltnological
soctcty. which spends 126 billion dollars a
year on itational defense. that doesn‘t defend
us. and that will lead to the destruction ofthe
world.

The Soviet Union and the Uitited States are
building weapons that are geared not for
defense btii olfcitsc‘ missiles that are aimed at
art area. to strike and kill the millions of
innocent people who live there. The
governitteitts figtire a good defense is a good
offense. But we have enough offense to blow
tip fifty \vorlds. lloiv many more weapons do
we need"! ~

liarry M. (ireipct‘

Ripped Off

To the Editor: »

I‘ve been working lor the campaign of a
front-running SA Presidential candidate since
the beginning of iltc race: Aitd l tltiiik it's
about tiitic somebody said something about
the shit blowing around on the podium:
posters iii blue. yellow. red. and \\ltrtc iirin to
a dingy sltattcictl giayxlt looksdisgiisliiigand
docs itoi gi\c a wry good impression to
“orientating” freshman. Unfortunately to
other ciiitditlatcs. this may come as a shock.
httt we were told to pick tip aitd rcltaitgotltcr
canditltitcs‘ posters. l-,\ei’yhody has the rigltt
to mid the poster. but nobody has the right (it
tear it (lli\\li. As eyciyoiic can sec. in a few
cltoiccly located posters. lltc graffiti is starting
to pop up. It's bad enough we have to look at
this loriit til iiicittally incompetent humor iii
c\cry i'csl rooiit but now it‘s sliowiitg up on
every uall iii the dot itisand all the poles oit the
podium. llicrc‘s got to be ri stop to this.

Wlty doesn‘t the lust SA administrationdo
something dccishc by dctcrittiiiirig locations
and limitations for posters and enforcing
them'.’ Wlty don‘t all candidates talk to tltc

- Choosing A Candidate

In case you didn’t know, it’s SA election time once again. Now that
the nomination period is over, there are no less than seven candidates
who have decided to toss their hats into the ring. seeking the coveted
position of SA President.

In past years, the percentage of students who went out and voted
was disappointingly small, and the winner usually was elected with
much fewer than half of the students’ support. This is an unfortunate
display of apathy on the part of the students, and certainly diminishes
the impact an incoming SA President might have, as well as SA itself.

If the students do not have the impetus to take part in the projects
of SA. then they should at least take part in selecting the leader who
will initiate and lead these projects.

Voting for the elections does not begin until a week from tomorrow,
when you will have three days to cast your ballot, on the dinner lines
and in the Campus Center. Until then, though, there is plenty of time
for you to decide who to support.

The media ovcr~kill that has berated the beauty of the campus and
the intelligence of the students should not get in the way of an in-
telligent decision. Until there are rules set down, that is the way cam-

. paigns will run, and this is the way it must be.

Still. though. although you don’t have to read a thousand of each
poster, you can read one, to give you an idea of where each candidate
is coming from. and very shallowly, what they have to say. It’s a start.
On Friday, this newspaper will print statement from all the can-
didates. and by reading those, the picture may become clearer yet.

After that, you might want to find some more about one or more,
and you can do that by some further investigation that may entail even
calling a candidate or two up. They claim to want your input, 50 give it
to them!

Now is the time to get educated. You are in demand, because seven
candidates want you badly. and need you behind them when it comes
time for you to circle only one name.

     

 

people endorsing tltcitt aitd tcticlt tltcitt a little
etiquette about campaigning procedures. I
think all tltc candidates are mature enough.
and l ltopc they cart handle it. if tltcy can't.
they‘re in fora big surprise if they get elcctcd

. ,lt‘s tiitic tltc candidates stiittcd

caittpaigniitg for a better SllNYA. Rather
than caiirpaigrtiiig. telling us of all their past
pct'lorittaiiccs. we would like to scc what
they‘re goingtodotoiitipiotecoitditioiisiic\t

if you don’t vote, you go the way of too many like you. After
having to bear the torture of viewing all those posters for all those
weeks, a vote is the least you can do. And now is the time to get

educated. r

Quote of the Day:
“I 'm not running to win. I want Io slop lite bullshit. SA elections have become a

circus. "— Phil Me/Izer, SA Presidential candidate

 

 

\cai‘. liy defacing illlll littering otir campus.
they are off to it very. \cry poor start.

Casino Gambling Essay

 
 

by Button Gwinett

 

"Though I'rl rather go and filllfllt‘vl' lt'llt‘l‘i‘
the diamond t'rt'sr't'ltlfrﬂoti'itig lti'tit'ollt Ilit'
sm'ri-tl mountain and lt'illlilt" throng/i lllt’
forest. where the Il‘t'l'.\' lirlt't' li'rrt'iu o/i/irr'sniv
I/ttlt break the light in ro/orx Iliitr no orn-
lt'iioit'i' l/lt’ limiter o/I "

*(‘llfll/t‘ lying

A itovice was walking tltrouglt a lotus
garden wlteit lie caittc tipoit an ancient Zen
master submerged in the deepest
contemplation over a sntall pool of water.
“Master. what is it you see in that small pool
of water?" he asked.

“I see the sun sltining on a waritt spring
day." the master replied.

uHow is it that you may see this when all I
can see is just a small pool of water. toaster?“

Witlt a knowing smile. the ancient Zen
master gently said. “Littlc Acorn. bend down
low over the brim and look very closelyat this
small pool of'watcr."

The novice stood in tltougltt fora moittcnt
and said. “Oh ito. master. if I were to put
myself off balance in the position you say. I
tltink you would puslt me in."

The master frowned. picked tip his staffand
struck the novice twice on the head. “You
must remember. Acorn. ancient Zen masters
always get the good lines."

And so it was. the task is at hand: propell
yourself into an altered state ofconsciousness
and appreciate for itself the experience of the
moment. Over at the Campus Art Gallery. a
friend had his picture hung. It seemed like it‘d

be a good tiiitc. boppingarotiitd iii tltc gallery.
stattdiitg iit front of the pictures to see what
kind of sitiff will jump otit iitio you and
speaking with the tIrIii/t. people who cart
break lift: down always ittto a series of colors
aitd forms. Swirling ideas arid \‘isang. Free
wine aitd pretty women always intriguing.
Sluiiky Saxapltoite flowing through ilic thick
air to swirl around the electric spotlights and
iitto my ever croo/iii‘ consciousness,

Croo/iii‘. lt‘s bccit sticli it long time since I
hopped around in such fine settings. I‘ve never
been into Jan and Dean (even though I did
spend quite a wltilc ci'oo/in‘ iii the legendary
Surf City. U.S.A.). No. l don‘t think I'm after
the perfect wave orcventlic endless stimiiter.l
ant btit a mere novice searching for the
proverbial good time.

i sure don't moort about it. but i know there
are people niuclt bctterat croorin‘tlian I am.
Take Jerry Brown. for instance. croorin‘on tl
safari through Africa with Linda Ronstadt.
Not bad. I guess. Still. lguess I manage. Last
Tuesday in the gallery wttsa good time. One of
the few lam blessed with on my safari through
the forest of white pillars.

If the Governor of New York cart bring _

some good times to resorts in our Empire
State. I. too. might cveit break into the song
and dance of loving New York. Now.
Governor. please . . . can you do anything
about the high cost of dope? Six hundred
percent inﬂation over seven years is tough on
its poor students. Arc you.sure the oil
companies don‘t have it hand in on this?

 

 

 

 

 

 

Nrws intros . . . . . . . . CHARLES HELL
Associni les IDII’OIS . . . . . . . . WLNiiv GREENHHJ). MIL‘HI-Il.b lSRAEL
ASPECTS Emma BRIAN KURTZER
Sronrs [DITOI . . . . PAUL SCHWARTZ

ASSOCIATI. srom :oirort
EDIIORIAI. PAGES mi'ron

snrr walrus: hill lleesltus. Richard Beliar. Robert Blnsenstcin. Mike Dunne. Maureen
(ieorge. Ken Kurtr. J. Mcrniitott. Stcvc Ostcr. Beth Setter. Aron Smith. Deborah Smith.
Ashton l'lrornas. Jack Weinhrium A! MANAGE“: Lloyd chcnberchnsc Scherer ZODIAC NEWS:
I.ritirti Schraub rnrvuw PAGE: Diana Oruci AI‘I'S cooaoiNArort: Ste hnnic Del Valle SUNYA
nrws nuns: Evelyn Ellis Nrws muons [MlllTUSZ Matthew Cox. Jit Haber. Tom Mancllo

Dull: Kori. Advertising Manager

Lisit APPLeaAUM
Susan Assea

BILLING ACCOUNTANT . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , .
I’Avaoct MANAGE!

Booitxcrrim;

sans rusonuu: Steve (irildstciri. Jeff Levitnn. Richie Mcrmclstcin CLAssiriin ImvurstNG:
Steve Maucr COMPOSITION: Sally Ann Brechcr. Hit den Carruth, Amy Sours AD nonunion
MANAGEI: Steve Goldsicin Ito PIODUC'IION: Edith rcllon. Hildy Brand. Irene Firmat. Tom
Mtirtclttr. Liz Rozwod orrtcc: Rosemary Gran. Ruth Tcrill PAGE PIEP: Leslie Appclbaum

 

 

Murv VUKOVICII. Production Manager
Room Cow-no. Cn-Produriitm Manager

LORMNE Lininutrotur
PATRICK LOVE

Tvrmo COOIDINATOI
YlITICAt. CAME-A

ntsn ur: Leslie Ap lbuum. Sal Grilli 'rvrtst Donna Randal. Mindy Gordon. Cheryl
Kaufman. Clara Kue Icr. Marilyn Mortkowitz. l r Pcltz. Beth Stone PIOOFIIADEIS: Manny
Alvarct. Donna Reich er. Beth Simon

Puorooumv. .ruppllnl principal ll ‘iy Univmily Photo Service

ESTABLIS. ED 19“
The Albany Student Prm it pub/Ltth every Tim lay and Friday durlng Iheu‘hoal year by the
Albany Student Pren Corporation, an lndepcn Jerri nor-for-projlt organization. Editorial
policy Lt determined by lit! Editor-in-Chl: an J Li .rub cc! to review by the Editorial Board.
Mailing addren: Albany Student hearings} Washington Ave" Albany. N Y 12222

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

