 

 

 

Standing in the semldarknas of asidewalk '

at five o'clock in the morning' with the fuzzy
glow of street lamps marching into points
beyond the horizon, and a few stalwart stars
hanging inlthere over the inky morning mulch
in the sky, and the rumbling of garbage
trucks stalking prey around some
ind‘soernabb corner, your feet seem far away
from the rest of your body when you bend
over to grab tf‘em and you clmp air imtead.
(Air is beautiful though, you remember.
streaming into the nostrib and flowing
through the body, ah, well, later on, now
. .).

Stuart Matranga

Morning. Wake-up, The head ‘5 filled with
sleep—stuff, the syrup, salt, and butter gucking
the floor of your dream theater. You blow
your nose and wsh out your mouth, but the
arrrs, like bags of mud on a wire, flop around
heavily. And your legs! You know they're
yours bxause you recognize the pajamas, but
they seem misplaced. They would have made
better throw pillows on somebody's sofa than
your leg. But they are yours and you take
responsibility for them. Ten lingers, each

working independently and in spite of each
other manage to slip one sneaker on each foot
and tie the laces. New sneakers, blue Nikes,
with a mean white stripe on the sides. Arch
supports and burlt with the precision
engineering that put a man on the moon. Your
feet have found a home. The head nods and
the hand slaps the chest like a baby's behind,

 

“At every basketball
City there is a

A dude who can stut

gut, no right. A cramp. You place your hand

on it, but it only gets worse. You feel it _

. growing like it's going to take over your whole
’ body. lmages of convulsing in the street haunt
you, but you keep running, because you read
once in Sports Illustrated that athletes had a

saying. It might have been a football player or '

something,who said, "Winners. . ."and the
cramps tighten like a grip vise on your lower
torso, "Winners never . . . ," and spears of
pure cold pain shoot up your calf bones, your
feet are sore, your head spins, "Winners
never quit." You stop. And walk back without
throwing up, afterall.
But you don’t quit. Not you. Too much is at
stake here. Every morning Perimeter Road
begins to look like the Boston Marathon, and
everywhere you look, anytime of day or night,
the streets are bouncing with runners,
joggers, men and women in short shorts and
U-shirts running without chasing a bus or
fleeing a cop. Running because they want to.
Not even because it's fun. it's beyond fun. it’s
almost a philosophical must. lrun thereforel
am. l am because I run. To live is to run.
Running is believing. You hadn't
thought about it before but now as the air gets
nippier and the first days of school are ending,
you begin to see that this may not be another
Hip-cool-withitthing-todo fad. lt entails
something more critical. lt smacks of
sociological implications!

Awiire'now, alert in fact. after days and
weeks of running, a little longer each day. You
feel in tune, and more, you feel part of things.
The pain is stil' there, but it's bearable

court in New York
resident Wiz.

f, triple pump, fade,

slide, deal, fake, spin, whirl, dance,

prance, and run Dr. J.

out of his ProKeds-Tir

 

and you breathe your first life charyd hit of
air. Air.

With each bour‘oe, each attempt at landing
a finger on the smooth surface of the Nike,
you yt closer, and when you touch it, you

remember why you came out here.

Fact: Fat has appeared on you. You don't
know where it carm from or how it got there,
but it ha appeared on the belly, the thighs,
and it don't look good.

Fact: You decide to brave thestairsto {ﬁt to
your French class on the third floor of

Humanities, and half-way up you realized you
weren't breathing

Fact: You can't finish one damn page of
The Scarlett Letter without beginning to nod
off. Your concentration span lasts five
minutes on good days.

Fact: Your mother just informed you that
your forty-three year old uncle who never did
anything more strenuous in his life than taking
a shower just had a near fatal heart attack.

Fact: Your old 'oommate from freshman
year who had about as much success with
The Other Sex as you'd have playing poker
with Amarillo Slim, took up jogging, got in
grade A shape, and now is simply
unreachable on weekend nights.

Determination is written across your face
in Day-Clo pride and you take off. Right leg
pulled up, landing on the sidewalk with the
balls of the foot, the spring goes up through
the ankle, calf, knee, thigh, buttocks, gut, and
then left leg up, and down, reverberating‘
through the body in shock waves, vibrations,

gyrations, the gears are going, the engine
moves. You’re off and running. Running.

A block. Two. Three, four, more. Trees,
cars, buses, from porches with the yellow bug,
repeilanr light on, cops drinking coffee in the
wrndvms of diners, the air rolling through you
(“VJ WU "1“th through it. Fluid. And then, 2:
Wm y‘f‘n i'm'“ "Haulers unmistakenly. Left

because you feel attached to the elements of
nature and to the thousands, maybe millions,
of other pain-bearing runners. That thought
comforts. You run alone, yet there is a
relationship to all other runners. You feel like
a musician playing his own instrument in the
largest symphonic orchestra in the Universe.
Running becomes more than an early
morning exercise. You think about it, read
about it, talk about it, study it, take it with you
all the time. it becomes a religion. And you are
a Torchbearer, a new member of this athletic
church. You begin to understand that there
are other sects. The Tennis Players. The
Handball Players. The Bicyclists. The Skiers.
The Swimmers. The Weightlifters. And the
fringe cults, the Frisbee 'lhrowers, the
Rollerskaters, and the Skateboarders. Each
with a separate discipline, an individual
catechism, toward attaining true

enlightenment; a path leading to the perfect

 

really V

 
  
  
    

blending of mind, spirit, and body; a coalition
of all the elements of being is the unstated
goal.

These are the new sports; one part
athletic, one part social, one part religious.
The old sports, football, baseball, hocky,
basketball, seem primtive and violent, based
on competition, instead of attaining grace;
cumbersome with equipment and uniforms,
instead of streamlined and supple;
complicated with intricate rules, instead of
simple and free form; and emphasizing team
instead of individual, play. '

And running most of all. Running alone with
the Universe. Running out of one state of
reality, away from the Harrisburgsand Skylab
fallout, into another, more eternal, reality —
an expanding horizon extending beyond all
known limits.

There is, in the discipline of running, apoint
that separates the elite from the pedestrian. it
is a test of endurance, a challenge that lures
every runner further and further down

endless miles. After being tired, way beyond-

exhaustion and pain, in the fuzzy area when
the Mentality is no longer conscience of the
Physical Machine, and all the sharply acute
sensations felt while in perpetual motion fade
away. on the other side of a wall that few ever
break through because all faculties seem
about I to collapse just before reaching it
there, in that dark place, is something so prof
cious and awesome that it can be compared
to nothing else, Maybe Moses lookinginto the
burning bush knew something of it. it (Tomes
upon. the runner unawares. You are
wringingly drained of all power, and then the
break through. it’s like the sudde '
beach when all the oce
hack for hundreds of yards before a tidal w w ’
hits shore. it's like a tidal wave. An (llt()ltlt:)U:
surge of energy floods the body and all sense»
become one. ’lhe sensation of running ll)

n cairn on .i
. I -
an 5 water is drawn

 

___,, n..—
replaced by one of gliding, of being airlwm
Flight. One is the wind.

On the other side of the Wall the air lb 5\l.'t‘l'l
and the wind is fast. One loses human irlurrntx,‘
and accepts another way of lwrntl I'll“
individual transcends body and mind.
physical and mental experiences illl’ ll‘l!
behind, and the spirit soars into will“!
dimensions. it lasts one second, and film] tlrw
Wall reappears, But that "1
transcendence is. worth every day t)f prilti, vu'l
say.

Bl” You didn't really latch rm to Ilw
metaphysical end of sweating until you 54'” l“
to the late seventies, the tail r’rrrl 01 'll‘
Generation that spore designer )i'dn‘» Alll’l
disco. The popularity of disco pillilllt‘l‘r Ilu
rise of the new sports. Both illi' tt'ittrill‘,
performed alone among masses and dun"
rWtuirt‘ a ptutiwr. The Qildl in l‘rltll 1
Individual perfection of style. And both lil‘tl'll'
flt’t’L‘tf loyalties, and practitioner‘s (ll t'rtl h .w
singularly devout to their (llﬁt‘lplltlt‘

Old sports, like lUUfllrlll, t‘tilllttlll nuer li‘v
0‘ “flu. in» Hill bi.I seen .ifer' n lftllt lttlttwlt i-

second

scored and the runner or receiver goes
through his own ritualistic victory dance.
You’d never see that happen on a team
coached by Knute Rockne or Pops Warner.
in those days there was the idea of “manly”
sports. Gentlemen wrote books on the
proper behavior of athletes based on the
chivalric code. In reality professional athletes
were as rowdy then as they are now. The
infamous revelries of Babe Ruth, among
others, are now legendary. They were
tolerated because they were terrific at their
games. Pros have always been given special
treatment, especially great ones. Fans tend to
idolize them beyond proportion (and the
athletes usually have trouble handling the
freedom they get. Any man who hits baseballs
for a living can't have totally gotten out of
puberty, or so the thinking goes, but a kid
always has somebody looking over him, a pro
athlete doesn’t off the field. Like rock stars,
they never grow up, and tragically, their
professional careers are usually brief.

The tragedy of life is that no one stay
forever young, no matter how hard they trt

 

Usually it's better to burn out in a euphoria of
glory than to fade away. There are few things
as sad as a once great athlete past his prime,
and refusing to accept it. if a kid has played
basketball forever what does he do when he
gets older and doesn't make the N.B.A.? The
streets of New York probably have a million
basketball courts. At each one there is a
resident Wiz. A dude who can stuff, triple
pump, fade, slide, deal, fake, spin, whirl,
dance, prance, and run Dr. .1. out of his Pro-
Keds. These guys do nothing but hoop. ll's
like they were born dribbling and the
basketball is a ﬂoating part of their bodies. it’s
what they're about. School's great because
they get pick-up games, and afterwards they
hang out til it gets too dark to see the rim,
working on their fadesaway jumpshots, and
putting their own signature on dynamite layv
ups. They blow everyone else off the court,
and if they ever play on teams they make
every shot and nobody minds because they're
the Wiz, and the Wiz gets the ball. According
to proscouts, out of those million high~
steppch maybe one makes the NBA.
Maybe. Competition for the pros in almost
every sport makes Med-School look like the
Boy Scouts, What do the 999,999 other
Wiles do after thr'y'rie thlltly‘fch and are lflf)
old to get .i chance on the Knicks or Nuts, and
too old to got into games with high schoulurs,
or worse, gut replaced by younger Wiles.
Some mt jobs in recreation programs,
bragging on how they nearly made the cut,
others get jobs at the Hess station, illlfl for
some there's; always a little red pill to kill the
pain and keep the dream running.

And even professionals ltilvt! to fact: that
inevitable, llrtlllllillllf.‘ day wllt‘ll they just (‘illl'l
jlllllpilh high, or throw so hard, or rrin dilfithl.
Johnny Unitas, in his last llt'r‘ling days, wits
pntlir'tri‘, not lll'l'illlhl' lw pt'r'ftrrinr‘rl pumly,
but llt't‘ultstl llt', wasn't lllt' Johnny Unitas (ll

 

 

 

 
    

“Everywhere you look

  
 
 

the streets are bouncing

with runners, men and women in short
shorts and V-shirts running without

chasing a bus or fleeing a cop.”

 

1955. Seeing Mickey Mantle step up to the
plate after his knees had become useless
became painful. Joe Namath became a
parody of himself. Even Muhammed Ali, great
as. he was, looked old and tired, with his
sagging pouch and slower steps, in his last few
lights.

The athletes of the new sports don't have to
face this problem. They don‘t have to worry
about Time trampling over them because
they keep their own pace and they don't have
bloodthirsty linemen breathing fury in their
faces. True, they nevr-r achieve the mass
glory that the old sports people, only the
minority of the best, sometimes experience.
But then, they have the Wall, Despite egos
and million dollar Contracts, for anyone to
play football for a living and risk cracking their
skulls at every grime, there has it) be
something grand, some sublime feeling.
which comes from the comradery, the team
spirit (as corny as it sounds - all sports are
ultimately, indulgently, sentimental), and that
unexplainable high that comes from catching
a touchdown pass (or hitting a homerun). in
new sports you don't get that.

New sports people explain their highs as
"aerobic," coming from the exhilitirtitinn of
oxygen, ah, air, through their systems. The
fanatics Spurn all the sugrircniitcd goodies
and fast food munchies that made America
strong, Their diets are strict, health foods v-v
seeds, nuts, berries, they eat like squirrels.
But they're healthy. No smoking, drinking, or
other intoxicating, and for the most

dedicated, no, or limited, sex. Psychiatrists

 

 

_.___......-.  _._.
are concluding that the more active an
exerciser is the more his sexual appetite will
be satisfied by exercising. Alright you won't
want to go hurtling at the Lamp Post, but
you'll never set: a tubby ring around your
belly, your concentration will be as sharp as a
blade, you‘ll fly up flights of stairs, no sweat.
You probably won't get a heart attack either.
but you do run the risk of getting shin splints,
or tennis elbow, joggar’s heel, or swimmier's
knee, all painful and potentially disabling
injuries. They are avoidable by buying the
proper footwear, and listening to your brain
immediately if it reports rmy trouble
anywhere. if you know a thigh muscle is
hurting, it's much smarter to pull over and
stretch it, or smooth it by iii-issuging it, than
to run through it and risk tierrring rihiimstring.
The new illllli'll"§ tire nurcissisticly obsessive
of their bodies. 'l'huy twitch, stretch, [)llll,itll(l

 

commit other forms of isometric contorlions
while in line or sitting in a classroom, or just
hanging out anytime. They become models of
physiological paranoia, extending every
quivering nerve into muscular atrophy, every
headache into anemia, and every upset
stomach into angina. They live in constant
it'd! nl inmpucitation for not to run, not to get
that "tit-inbrr high," isa thought loo terrible to
trike.
New Sports are, of course, the oldest
sports. ltr'i‘t'ntly they have been popularly
rediscnvr'rctl. so it lllflrl’ nitr‘urntr' term would
llU “RUtlilIhSrlllCt'” spurts. All sports linvo
always been pflplllill in various forms, and
hnvrI (lllt‘ll lwvn connected to religious
L‘Orl’llll tllIt‘S. The American lndinns rli'penriorl
fnr survrviil on their physical skills and
ClKlUt‘illlt‘t‘. The first Olyrnpirids ill Grr-r-rrr
wer A celebration of the gods. The greatest
hero in history, Hercules, was an athlete pni‘
(-xcrzllnnce. The Greek philosophers, and
later Nietzclie, urged the development of the
body to be as important as that of the mind.
And today it's a fact , that no matter how good
you are, or skillful, or intelligent, it's usually
this best looking person who has the best shot
.it thr- job. Tler has always been it hit of
narcissism in all sport. and a feeling of
superiority in athletes over non-athletes.
After you break ten seconds in the hundred
yard dash, or four minutes in the mile, you
begin to think in farms of world records rillLl
Olympic medals. The egos of nthli-tr's rival
those of any other high intensity performers.
Even if there aren't huge roaring crowds to
00ng you, you still have to satisfy the inner
demands made on yourself, which is why after
you are totally burnt‘out you say to yourself,
“just to the corner, just to the corner." What
makes all these sports, new and old, so
attractive to most people is that besides being
a release of energy, an escape valve for the
latent aggressive potencies buried under
layers of imposed social restrictions, and even
besides, for men, asserting their masculinity,
or for women, asserting their society-
oppressed abilities, besides all the
psychological and sociological motivations is
the beautiful feeling of being connected to all
of nature and the Universe through all of time,
Space and time merge when the individual is

‘ in the throes of athletic enthusiasm. And also

there is a sense of creation. Weightlifters talk

“about sculpting their bodies. There is a

subdued feeling that the athlete is sculpting
the soul —— not just carvtng away at the fat to
get to the well-shaped body beneath, but
carving away at all the laych of bad karma, or
whatever you call the wicked demons that
twist our thoughts and cripple our highest
aspirations and intentions with cynicism and
contempt.

When you're running the world is yours.
Rigorous athletics assert the soul, you feel it
like a windmoving through you, iltltl the prowl
is the physical attributes you create in
yourself. Through sports you can girl the
same kind of enlightenment achieved
occasionally in poetry or music or art. Sports
art! Beauty in motion. Despite the pain,
because of the pain. because of the Wind as
much as the win, vigorous athletics can
rurnuvu you from the physical world of pain,
pain of the emotions, and once you're beyond
the Willl, the body’s pain, You can move into
a bllill'lrtl realm of truth and beauty and
possibility, it doesn't happen till the time, not
even most of the time, but it does happen.

    
    
     

....Z’:.~

   
  
   
  
 
 
 

       
 
 
 
 

   
     
     
     
     
     
    
 
 
 
  

 

 

