 

ﬂow”. 0... .a...  . ..

 

 

Now You Can Go Down Hungry
And Eat During Every, Performance!

6

Umvlliiiy Cancert Board

, Big Dom’s
, At ‘
i" ' Jams we

‘ 8r.

 ’i ‘ _ Delicious

, P“

.\,,b\"'
9 W"
W N“
I ‘I 
0““e - 095
69 3“

Contact

Theater.

 

 

 

 

Present

and

An Evening with -
Todd Rundgren

:  Utopia «
ThUrsday. November 15
at 8:00 P.M.at the Palace Theater

Tickets are $6.50 with tax card
$8.50 General Public

Tickets on sale now'at the
. _ Office,
i‘ ‘ Records and the Palace

Just-A-Song

Good Seats siiii Available

Must have tax card to get discount!!!

’ show. The

 

 

 

   

DISCOTHEQUE

    

You Game To Burn
Or You Don’t tome At All!

 

{Locatedt mile from SUNY}

 

15‘ drinks

Il'lIurs. Ilov. I begins SIIIIY nite-

Every Sun., Ham, 'l'ues., Wed" is Ladies llite until Hidnite
Halloween Party- Wed. Nite Oct.31 Prizes given all nite long!

9-Midnite FREE Hors d’oeuvres, Bottles of Champagne available
State and National Body Building Champions and Models posing on our raised dance ﬂoor twice a nitei

 

 
  
 

 

0 Designer leans Only
0 Ila (ever With SIIIIY I-D-

every Thursday night!

     

 

Darthan Hall
"4.5.959 Entl’jﬁ‘ie

    
 
   

 

  
    
   
 
     
      

~‘r ‘ \' m.

. I ....._ » ;~.~:n —.=-. “mama...”-.w.t...;........». "Maw- ' awau--.4u..:‘ 4v u “.41..” wt” ta»'»<.—' ... . .4" ... .. .4....:.'. s .. , .. w. ,

  

, a,»

 ...Ix.«4-u,.t,A...-,._'JAJ—J wow-058T 

 

 

 

Elton in ’79

Solo 'I'our‘ Ancl Strange LP 1

The Show

 

A Single Man

Returns

For years, Elton John made a reputation
for himself as a concert spectacle, ﬂanking
himself with as many as ten musicians behind
him, and the frivolities of a glasses and
costume collection worth well over a quarter
of a million. Three years after his last major
tour. he is back on the road with nothing more
than his piano. his voice, and Ray Cooper to
join him on percussion two thirds through the
result is three hours of
uninterrupted Elton (his longest shows yet),

Quincy Nessig

dazzling new arrangements of old Elton
classics, featuringjust the keyboard wizardry
of a reaffirmed piano virtuoso, a singing voice
that has never sounded stronger in the six
years this fan has been seeing him, and a
newly found excitement and charisma that
was noticeably absent in the over-slick and
distant shows in the superhalls of earlier
tours.

Elton came on comfortably at 8:15 in a not
too imposing blue silk one-piece jump suit, a
picture of ease. The man received literally a
hundred gifts during the night, and he

 

gracefully took each one for a kiss in return.

Speciess, and with some new hair, his thirty-
two years seemed just about right as he
poured himself a drink and sat down to play
his bright red piano,

An early twenties aged cozy Palladium
crowd greeted the opener “Your Song" with
sentimental screams throughout, as Elton
moved into the show smoothly and
impressively, following through with “Sixty
Years On," "Skyline Pidgeon," “Daniel,” and
“Take Me to the Pilot." The old songs came
out with a new vigor, playing on the old

Ih_e_t.\_|b_um_

It would be so easy to castigate Elton John
for Victim of Love, a pure disco album in the
sunset of the disco days. Not that it's a bad
album, but that Elton John, the once king of
Rock, prostituting himself with such a crass
attempt at commercialism is nauseating. it
leaves such a big target that in the coming

Stuart Matranga

days and weeks, if not already, the oft-
maligned figure of Elton John will be
festooned with critical darts. He will be made
into a prickled heap of deflated ego. After this
record on which he wrote nothing, plays only
negligible piano. and which probably took a
full day of his participation it will be so easy to
tear the pudgy little twcrp apart that any
ordinary discerning critic will he hardpressed
not to.

But i can't give up on Elton John. lcnn't
hemuse of (Toot/live Yellow Brick Road,
(.‘tiptiiin, '1'ninhlt’iuet-(l, "Your Song,” and
most of all, the concerts last week at the
l"rilltttlllllil Fllfill John is not washed up On
the contrary, his I.th i'utilnlhiiin,/\ SingleMtin
was an impressive work. While not asgieat as
he’s; been, A Single Muir emphasized Elton's
playing illlll singing ll’llli more impact than
:iinct- lllt' i tlt'lli” l “mu l t'lore Caribou, Some
.z, fin titty," and “it Ain't
good as lilton gets.

‘iilllfl'n lilht‘ "53v

(Tillillrl lit"  inc 2‘

To? t “Galen” 30, 1979

familiar riffs with some new additions and
twists. The singing was clear, controlled and
emotional in a way that was particularly
effective in the clear sound system of the
intimate hall.

Elton took his time, telling stories and
walking aroung to collect gifts between songs.
He joked abomt “Ego” and the fact that it
never broke the singles charts, and he closed
a twenty minute version of Honky Chuteau's
“Rocket Man," by exclaiming, “I'm just a
fucking rocket man." He unabashedly played
four songs off his poorly received Blue Moves
album, and they all sounded better here than
on the original versons. “Tonight” was even
more impressive without the lavish string
arrangement, and it sounded particularly well
coming on the heels of “Funeral For a
Friend," which led right into it. "Idol," one of
the least known tracks off the album, was well
received by the audience, and was played
with class and confidence.

Two thirds into the show, as Elton
announced "...And now for something
completely different," smoke rose as he
started playing “Funeral,” and the backdrop
lifted up to reveal Ray Cooper standing
amidst an array of percussion equipment
ranging from vibraphones to timpani, Ray
remained on for the rest of the concert,
helping Elton on “Bennie and the Jets.",
“Better Off Dead," (off of Captain Fantastic),
"Robert Ford," (off of Rock of the Westies),
and “Crazy Water," the closer, from Blue

Moves.
tlton quickly returned for his first encore,

doing the only track of the night from last
year's A Single Man. “Song for a Guy," the
pretty instrumental track for the messenger
boy killed on a motorcycle, was the only song
played all evening that required the .isststtmce

Better llever

late?

While Elton's song-writing talent has
maintained itself at a consistent level of Very
Good with occasional forrays at Classic, his
singing and piano playing have gone from
Emotional to Clever to Passionate, even
Stunning on A Single Man, Blue Moves, and
in these latest concerts. The material he
played from his recent work with Tom
Robinson sounds very promising. The next
reol Elton John album is to be expected in
April.

When Elton released The Thom Bell
Sessions last year he contradicted his earlier
threats to burn the tapes, "Mama, Can't Buy
You Love,” while. typical Philadelphia soul,
which he has done better in “Philadelphia
Freedom,” and "Bite Your Lip," was good
listenahle pop Elton didn't write it, he didn't
even like it, so it could be chalked up to record
company pressure or his own fickleness, and
we had a "something‘s extra" in the Elton
catalogue. But how toexplain Vit:linio/l..ouu?

Other artists have released albums written
by other people. Dylan's Still Portrait and
Bowie": Pinups for swample but these were
liomages to early inlluencers. The closest
Victim of Love comes to homage is an eight
minute disco version of “Johnny B. Goode.
Disco Johnny B. Goode! Well, Roll ()ve
Chuck Hurry.

Pete Hellote, who, with Georgio Moroder is
responsible for that popular legend Donna

of any taped accompanyment, and this was
some drumming and synthesizer work. Elton
left .again after this number, only to Walk on
again a few minutes later for the climax of a
majestic return to New York.

Handing out roses out to people in the
front, Elton casually built up his audience
before sitting down at the piano to begin
singing a slow introduction to “Saturday
Night's Alright For Fighting." When the first
chorus came, it took off, and so did Elton, as
the audience rose to their feet and joined in
the traditional chorus of repeated
"Saturdays!" Elton led “Saturday Night" into
“Pinball Wizard" and then back into
"Saturday Night" again.

He left again, and concluded his Show at
11:05 with a rocking medly of “Whole Lotta
Shakin' Going On," “1 Saw Her Standing
There,” "Twist and Shout." "Crocodile
Rock," and finally a slightly altered version of
“Back in the USSR," "Back in the USSA."

Reflecting after the show, i realized how
much more open and free was this tour as
opposed to the last, when he didn't do one
new song. Besides the Beatle tracks. he did a
startling, unihibited rendition of "Heard it

   

plays a 'note of it in concert.

Summer, is the writer of the other six songs,
He also produced the album in Musicland,
Germany where Donna records most of her
hot "stuff. Some songs have that distinct
Summerish flavor. "Warm Love in A Cold
World." Sounds like a Bad Girls out-take. in
fact, the album bears absolutely no
relationship to Elton John as we have known
him. he even ignores it in concert, not even
mentioning it. Anyone else could have done
what Elton did on it, and some will say that
anyone else should have, but what ultimately
rescues Victim 0/ Love from the crop of
anonymous disco Li’s which sprout up each
year, besides Mr, John's name, is his singing.
it is excellent. What piano playing there is on
Victim of Love submerges behind the beat
and sheer brashiness of the arrangement. but
his singing is soulful and contolled on every
cut. Asa singer, Elton has developed a style.
He doesn't have the great range of a natural
born voice which climbs up and down scales
with virtuoso grace and engaging power.
What makes an Elton John song is the
inflection and the timing he employs. This
d' .linguishes Victim of lﬂlm, HS AW other
Elton album. And though it is disco, it is not
had disco. it tends to sound more appealing
wrth repeated listeninti

ALBAN Y STUDENT PRESS

Schizophrenia?: Elton's new album is pure di

" " specie at Tuesday

Through the Grapevine," Playing the Elec‘flc
piano, an old country song called “Here After
God.” and even a newly written song penned
with Tom Robinson from a forthcoming
double album.

If there was a negative side of the show, it
was the fact that Elton has too much good
material for even a three hour performance.
Many things were left out, but the diversity of
the selections chosen presented his well-
rounded career from the earliest tracks of
Empty Sky, to 1979’s “Mama Can't Buy You
Love." .

Captain Fantastic is back on the road again
as Elton John, a man who's been through the
mill, but who still knows how to command a
show as well as the London Philharmonic. He
makes the keyboard efforts of Billy Joel seem
as mundane as-muzak, and the strength ofhis
voice is still a match for even Bruce. Despite
the llippant side of Elton John, we should
never forget that behind the thickest of rosy
tinted glasses, there still lies the mind of an
ingenius musician and superb piano player,
who after a rest of six or seven years, is taking
audiences by a storm once again. -

   

Victim o/ Laue, though, is unequivical
disco. Cover to cover the beat never lets up
and every synthesized cliche is worked in
predictably. Some songs like “Born Bad" are.
even noxiously repetitive towards the end.
Others, like “Thunder in the Night" have
interesting melodies and catchy choruses. All
of side two powerfully builds to the title track,
also the fast rising single, “Victim of Love." it
is satisliable pop — great to hear in a car or
when in a frivolous mood.

Victim of Love can only be taken so
seriously. it's a well Crafted, ﬂawlessly
produced record, perhaps definitive disco,
and it even has lyrics which border on
banality. One side-effect of Victim of Laue is
nostalgia for the old Taupin-John
sentimentality. Bernie, where are you now?

if you like Elton John but can't stomach
disco or Donna Summer-pop, stay clear of
Victim of Love and wait til the next reol Elton
John album in the spring of 1980. Real Elton
John fans will aprreciate Victim of Love for
Elton‘s singing, and if they can get beyond
prejudice against anything with a big heat
(labels are a curse) and the easy target which
Elton has set himself up as, then they might
even enjoy it. —i

PAGE SEVEN

 

sco, though be neither mentions it nor

1 - awaited.“

l
l
l
l
t
l
i
l
t
i
i
t

 

