 

 
   

» L
\ l r ‘
.

 

 

 

'. , . ' - a " '
. Egypt ls Happy With Treaty .
CAIRO, EGYPT (AP) Uncertain. apprehensive, joyful,
millions of Egyptians on Monday night watched their
televisions. tuned in their radios or simply listened for the
. pealing of bells announcing the birth of. peace for their land.
a Not all welcomed the treaty with lsrael. Ofﬁcials said public
gatherings were discouraged Monday night out.of concern
that treaty opponents. calling it a betrayal of the Palestinians
and other Arab states, would try to disrupt them. The ruling
National Democratic Party of President Anwar Sadat
planned rallies throughout Egypt for later in the week.
Monday night's organized events were simple — the lighting
of mosques and ringing of church bells at the moment of the
treaty signing in Washington, 9 pm. here; the presentation of
a "ﬂag of peace" to the captain of the Norwegian cruise ship
Sagaljord as it carried 400 American passengers through the
Suez Canal; the piping of ship whistles along the canal. Many
Egyptians had mixed feelings about the post—treaty period.
They were relieved that the state of car was ending. but
continued to have doubts about how much the lsraelis can be
trusted.

Peace At Lost In Mideast

WASHINGTON (AP) Egypt and Israel, neighbors but
enemies for a generation, signed a treaty yesterday to begin a

fragile era of peace between Arab and Jew. in a solemn
ceremony on the front lawn of the White House. Egyptian
President Anwar Sadat and lsraeli Prime Minister
Menachem Begin put their names to Arabic. Hebrew and
English copies of a treaty promising mutual recognition.
respect. and peace. "Peace has come!" declared a beaming
President Carter. whose personal intervention brought the
talks back to life after they had stalemated on the details.
Carter quoted the Bible and the Koran. and he offered a
personal prayer that Arabs and Jews may one day be
brothers. Sadat. replying. declared: “Let there be no more
bloodshed between Arabs and lsraelis. Let us work together
until the daycomes when they beat their swords into
plowshares and their spears into pruning-hooks," the
Egyptian s'aid. Carter quoted the same words from lsaiah.
“No more war." agreed Begin. “No more bloodshed. Peace
unto you. Shalom. salaam. forever." “Shalom” means
beace" in Hebrew. “Salaam” means “peace” in Arabic.

\

 

 

 

 myorld'ssews briefs . ’

Israel celebrates The Treaty

Sadat and Begin both praised Carter profusely. Sadat called
him a man of compassion; Begin said Carter's work would be
remembered for generations. But agreement did not come
easily. Even at lunch, only a little more than an hour before
they signed, Begin and Sadat were still disputing what the
treaty papers should call an area the Israeli leader insists on
referring to as J udea and Samaria and most of the World calls
“the West Bank." Sadat and Begin signed. dramatically, on
the windy lawn. after 30 years of hostility and four wars
between their nations and after 15 months of American-
sponsored negotiations. Then Caner added his signature. a
satisﬁed witness.

TEL AVIV (AP) Although worried about the price of their
treaty with Egypt, lsraelis put up flags and banner,
proclaiming “Shalom” in honor of the dawn of peg“
yesterday after 30 years as a fortress country at war.
Celebrations were restrained. and lsraelis in this city of
380.000 showed little inclination to rejoice spontaneously,
Ofﬁcials left the option of whether to organize celebrations
up to local communities. Large screens were erected in
several towns so lsraelis could gather in publicand watch the
live telecast of the Washington signing ceremony. A special
stamp was issued in honor of peace. and quickly sold out,
Youth movement members aid ﬂowers on the tombs of war
dead throughout the country. The newspaper Mam-V
splashed color reproductions of the Egyptian. lsraeli and
American ﬂag across its front page and editoriahzed: “This is
the day we hoped for." But Ettie Shahar. a 2‘5-yegr.old
hairstylist. reﬂected the misgivings of many Israelis when she
said: “l‘m scared. Even if the Egyptians do want peace. how
will they stay out if other Arab states attack us? How can they
stand against their own brothers?“

Supermarket Tycoon is Dead

LONDON (AP) Supermarket tycoon Sir John Cohen. who
once sold his wares from a pushcart in the Hackney district of
London's East End. died in the Harley Street Clinic Saturday
night. his doctors reported. He was 80. Cohen. the son of a
tailor, became a millionaire by building his Tesco chain of

'600 grocery stores on the slogan “Pile it high. sell it cheap."

He began his merchandising career in 1919 by investing his
World War l mustering-out pay in'war-surplus goods and
selling them for a profit of 25 percent. Sometime ago he told
an interviewer. “Almost anybody who is willing to pile it
sell it cheap and work as l did. from ﬁve in the morning until
midnight and even later. can still make a fortune. Clinic
doctors said Cohen apparently suffered a heart attack and
died a few hours after he was admitted.

Arabs Not Happy With Treaty

HEIRUT, LEBANON (AP) Much ofthe Arab world seethcd
with hatred and sorrow yesterday. the day ofpeace for Egypt
and Israel. Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat VOWed to “chop
off the hands" of"the stooge Sadat. the terrorist Begin um!
the imperialist Carter." “This is my worst day since i left my
home in Palestine in I948." one Palestinian. tailor
Mohammed Khuldi. told a reporter. "i wish I were dead
ratlter than be alive and witness this stigma and disgrace."
Efﬁgies of President Carter. lsraeli Prime Minister Begin and
Egyptian President Sadat went up in ﬂames in Palestinian
refugee camps in Beirut and elsewhere in Lebanon.
Palestinians staged general strikes in the Israeli-occupied
West Bank of the Jordan River and Gaza Stripto protest the
lsrneli-Egyptian treaty. General strikes also paralyred
Lebanon's Moslcm areas. in Tehran. lran. protesters seized
the Egyptian Embassy and four employees as hostages but
said they would not be harmed. A mob stormed the Egyptian
Embassy in the Persian Gulf oil state of Kuwait. smashing
doors and windows. Protesters occupied the offices of Egjjt
Air in Damascus. Syria.

Elvis Estate to His. Daughter

MEMPHIS, TENN. (AP) Elvis Presley's l0-year-old
daughter, Lisa Marie. will inherit her late father's estate,
disclosed to be worth $7.6 million. The amount ofthe estate
became public Friday when Judge Joseph Evans of Probate
Court approved an accounting of the singer‘s holdings.
Presley died Aug. 16. 1977. at the age of 42. Presley left his
estate to his daughter. his father. Vernon. and his
grandmother. Minnie Mae. The elder Presley is executor of
the estate but Lisa will inherit her father‘s entire fortune when
she turns 24 or after Vernon Presley and her great
gr_andmother die.

 

 

 

 

 Look Forward To...

 

With warm Weather here. students can'begin to look
forward to the most f unﬁlled day of Spring - May Festl May
Fest, sponsored by UCB(University Concert Board). is a day
set aside in May for concerts. partying and good times in
general. May Fest has been described as a “mini
Woodstock," in that for the entire day students relax on
grassy areas. eat and drink, and listen to different live rock
groups.

This year UCB had scheduled four groups to entertain
SUNYA students.(The names of these anists could not be
released.) in addition to music. UCB has planned other
events such as skydiving and comedians.

What would a party be like without food? UAS has taken
care ol that problem for food and beer will be provided for a
minimal fee. So as you cram for one last midterm, remember.
good times are on the way.

No More Meal Cards

The use of meal cards at the Rat that was on trial plan
during February will not become a reality next year as the
UAS Board of Directors has voted down the proposal to
make meal cards permanently accepted at the Rat. E.
Norbert Zahm. head of UAS. stated that the Board of
Directors based their decision on a negative student survey
. sent to uptown quads. Accordingly. 70 percent of the
students surveyed indicated that they found the new meal
card usage plan unacceptable. Zuhm reported that a major
reason for their negative reaction was due to the additional
costs at the Rat and many felt that “the expense came at the
I - wrong time."

Assistant Rat manager. Les Himes stated that there were
no problems with keeping an accurate count of menl card
users at the Rat as the same procedure was followed as in'tb:

 

 
  
   
  
  

 

&

cafeterias. However. he suggested that the main problem in
the system was due to the large response ofstudents resulting
in severe overcrowding and long lines. Himes replied that
“there is a limit to how many can be allowed in the Rat at one
time and occasionally numbers were limited."

Student complaints of the new system ranged from
crowded conditions to slow cashiers. However. the responses
Were not all negative. As one student stated "it was something
new and it gave an alternative to eating in the cafeteria."

Peace at Last!

Women Unite

“Woman in the Public Sector“. a career planning seminar.
will be held today in the campus center ballroom at SUNYA,
Some 400 state employees will attend the day-long. state
funded training. sponsored by the Center for Women in
Government — a research and information clearinghouse
that works to eliminate sex discrimination in public
employment.

The seminar is the last of eight in a landmark statewide
program in which some 3.000 women have been trained this
year alone. It is the first such training funded bythc stale. and
the largest of its kind in the nation.

The training. which is expected to lend to improved
employee productivity and more effective employment ol
women by the state. is expected to remove barriers in
women‘s advancement in state services. Although public
policy supporting afﬁrmative action has improved. statistics
show that the status of working women in public sectors has

Students rejoiced iii the campus center as they watched the
historic peace treaty between Egypt and lsruel on television.
The special that was broadcasted at 2 pm. drew about sixty
SUNYA students to the screen to watch with
anticipation as Carter. Sadat and Begin signed for the
beginning of peace between the nations.

Cheers and applause broke from the students as each
llcndclr spokebind signed the treaty. Singing and dancing of
sruc tsongs ganasaresult ofthe extreme ha ' A -
part of Jewish students as well as all other studziiigcviiigriiiiht: Chihngc‘d-lmlc m- ‘hc in.“ dccndc' v
are hopeful of pcaccin "I: Middle EML articlpunts in this program Will be drawn from the
. . H approxrrnntely 20.000 women working in a variety of
occupations in stntc agencies and institutions in the ('npilitl
District and North County regions of the state.

Senior Scholarships

lhc class of 1972 has provided funding again this year to
award a $400 scholarship to u graduating ncnlot‘ planning I“
enter graduate study at SUNYA during the ION-Kt)
academic year. Eligibility for this scholarship is extended to
all students who will graduate in the Spring of l97‘) nrul who
will enter full-time graduate study at SUNYA in the hull ul
I979. The award will be made to ll SUNYA senior who. on
the basis of both need and merit. isjudgcd most deserving M
such financial assistance in order to pursue grad school ill
SUNYA. The award will be pressnted by the Alumni
Association on beliqu of the class of I972.
The deadline for applications is April It). 107‘)
Applications are available in the Office of Graduate Studies.
Al) 2l(i.

 

Students relolcs over peace

 

 

. .rxocrwo

    

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS : M Agony, 1979

 

ﬂ

 



 

 

 

 

~(susaya news briefs)

.t.

 

\

SCUE Nears Decision On Liberal Ed

by Christopher Koch
The’ Special Committee for
Undergraduate Education (SCUE)
is close to a ﬁnal proposal for a

. possible Liberal Education model to ‘

be instituted at SUNYA, according
to Committee chairman Eugene
Garber.‘

“it is as yet under what the
Liberal Education courses
themselves will be." Garber added.
"by next Friday i will have all the
necessary input from the Committee
necessary to draw up a ﬁnal
proposal."

"We're working on a pilot

program" said Garber. “in which a
limited number of students will
volunteer to participate. if the
program is successful it is possible
that it will then be incorporated for
everyone at SUNYA."

Former RA Steve Klelnman's a
"I hold no grudges.”

    

Garber stressed that .the new
Liberal Education program would
not ' simply entail distribution
requirements of the type that ended
here in 1970 and when asked whether
a return of Liberal Education
requirements Would mean the
institution of a General Studies
Dcp't. at SUNYA. Garber replied.
"No we don't predict a department
although the Liberal Education
committee would have to become a
permanent part of the university.”

Since creation last September by
President 0' Leary. SCUE has been
working to create a functional

program for the re-institution of
liberal education requirements at
SUNYA. “We're focusing on a
program for SUNYA students to get
a real liberal arts education. This

I would entail three things:

cal to be rehlred was reiected.

 

Photo: More Ilensr‘Iu-I

1. Shared instructional features;
opportunities for students to write,
to make oral presentation of their
ideas, and to meet with their
instructors in small groups.

2. Approximately six courses that
will try to introduce students to the
varied disciplines of the different
colleges and departments at
SUNYA. The idea behind these
experiences will be variety. stressing
breadth and interdisciplinary
methods rather than depth.

3: The recommendation that a
standing committee on Liberal
Education be appointed. which will
undertake to foster other Liberah—
Education courses or programs
outside the program as well as
within.

Garber added that the committee
is not advocating the reduction of

W “W...-

 

 

large lecture classes at SUNYA.
“What the other departments do is
none of our business..' he said. “We
simply want to make sure that
students will have the opportunity to
meet in small groups in Liberal
Education courses
instituted here. Of course wei
wouldn't mind if the other dept'sdid‘
decide to make their classes
smaller.” he added. ‘
Through the responses from the
survey prointed in the ASP. We
found a desire by the students to be
able to meet in small groups with
their professors and with fellow
students St"J Its are tired of the
large lecture center classes.

In terms of gettinga student Vch.
we have taken an active part in the
committee." said Lisa Newmark.
one of ﬁve student SCUE members.

Student representative. David
Gold. echoed this View. "Student
opinion has been taken seriously,
We‘ve played an important part in

that are'

       

. J
. . .1 -
Garber sees SCUE makln ro ess.
Narrowing down to one mogel.
the committee."

“We are optimistic for the success
of the program becauss we feel our
proposals follow what students and

faculty told us through the surveys."
he added.

.

Dismissal Of Kleinman Finalized

by Beth Sexer

Director of Residences John D.
Welty has rejected an appeal by
former Resident Assistant (RA)
Steven Kleinmun. making ﬁnal his
dismissal by State Quad
Coordinator Patti Snyder.
Accordingto Kleinman. however. he
is now working as ttn assistant to
Dutch Quad Coordinator John
Murphy.

Kleinman. the former Steinmetz
llull RA. was given thejob by Welty
after Welty rejected Kleinman's
March 2 appeal against his ﬁring.
Kleinmnn said that Welty reviewed
the case and “informed me . . .thot
he's going to enforce the

Library Ranked Lowest Of 94

On the current list of the top 94
U.S. and Canadian university
libraries, SUNYA is ranked last for
number of books and is among the
bottom fifth for number of volumes
added. current serials. and spending.

This list published annually in the
Chronicle of Higher Education
compares SUNYA to the other 93
members of the Association of
Research Libraries.

Membership to the Association is
limited to those universities most
active in granting doctoral lcvcl
degrees. Other statistical standards
to be met include sire of collection.

subscriptions. SUNYA has been
meeting these criteria since I975.

Specifically. S U NYA ranked 94th
out of 94 for number of volumes with
878.569; 76th for volumes added.
with 49.7l7; 73rd for current serials.
with 14,897; and 80th for spending
toward materials with S97l.000.

SUNYA's library director. C.
James Schmidt. ﬁnds SUNYA's low
standing to be related to the criteria
for ranking. "The categories the
libraries were ranked on are ones
that would work in fnvor of older
institutions. As it university. we're
young."

“Volumes hcld is a measure on
which older institutions will

probably rnnk higher simply because
the older research libraries have
accumulated lnrgcr collections
irrespective of currcnt budgets."
Schmidt further explained.

Harvard and Yale Universities,
both in existence for over two
centuries. ranked one and two
respectively in number of volumes.

Schmidt sees the level of
acquisition of new material as the
“more serious problem“. "We‘re not
adding at a rate suggesting that we'll
catch-up, but are steadily losing
ground in terms of purchnsing
power. Appropriations are not
keeping price with inflation.“

The Execuivc Budget of State of

 

termination." However. he added
that Welty “was asjust and as honest
as possible." Although Kleinmnn
still doesn‘t feel that he should have
been lircd. he said. "I hold no
grudges.“

According to Kleinmttn. his new
job will entail working on “nssorted
administrative and research projects
for the Ofﬁce of Residence and
Dutch Quad." chinmnn said that
this new job will involve working
“considerable hours each week."und
that his remuneration. free room nnd
a stipend. will be equal to that ofun
RA.

“Welty was very fair in offering me
a position that alloWs me to remain

New York recommends it 598.000 or

9.3 percgpt increasr: over the
S l 068.000 received by the library in
the lust fiscal year. Yet, Schmidt
anticipates a loss of “00,000 in
purchasing power since tltc rate of
inflation is expected to be double
this 9.3 percent vnluc.

Schmidt said that for the seven
years he has been director the

legislature has always been
cooperative. lie added that
cooperation is still not enough

     

on the residence staff." said
Kelinmun. “By offering me a job
that. like the RA position which
involves policy and procedure. the
residence stuff is showing that they
"have some confidence in me."
Kleinnton added that the ncwjobns
tlS stunt to Murphy will give him a
chance to prove himself as a capable
individual.

A letter sent to Kleinmnn by Qund
Coordinator Snyder stated that he
was tired for failure to follow
University Alcohol Guidelines. and
failure to explain accurately the use
of the Residence Facilities Policy to
the students. Snyder. however.
refused to mnlte a comment about
this issue.

 
 

because of the increasing rate of
inflation.

Basically. State Education
Department reviewers have found
the university iibrary to be
“minimally adequate for graduate
programs." The most frequent
criticism concerns the size of
collection.

Two other State University
libraries on the list ttre Buffalo and
Stony Brook who rnnkcd 4lst and
mm respectively in number of

 

nnnuul expenditure. and number of

 

 

    

 

Sayles: A Pleasant Place To Live

by Wendy Greenfield

it‘s a plncc to meet many
interesting people. It's it place to
meet foreign people with different
cultures. lt‘s exceptionally clean. the
wuxcd pnquct lloors shine. “People
want to hi: there." said sophomore
Sayles llnll resident Eileen
(iebhnrdt. “Either you get into
Sayles or you leave."

Mnrk Ricci. n sophomore in
Sayles said. "it‘s the grentest place to
live. I‘ve visited other dorms. The

people here are pleasant and
accepting.“

“It is easier to live with
intertttttionnls than with

Americans," snid Gcbhnrdt. “They
are u lot more considerate."

Suyles international House is u
co-educational residence hall for
U.S. and foreign students (graduate
and undergraduate) located on
Alumni Quadrangle.

According to the third floor RA
Jill Ackerman there‘lrc “7 people '
t

 

arms 27, 1979

“7 o la a o the lntematlonal atmosphere at Sayles Hall.
i cop 6 Inc are p comm rm occcpllng. 010: Soon Areman
M

 

graduate students. 'lhcre is a lo
member Snyles Council that
organises dorm activities and fund-
raising. “Everyone who comes here
should be interested in international
living.“ Ackcrmnn said. "They have
been putting freshmen and trnnsfcrs
in who don‘t want to be here."

Most Sayles residents agree that
vandalism is not it problem. "I leave
my door open all the time."
(iebhnrdt said. “I feel very secure
here." “There are no damages here."
said Ackermun. "People take pride
in where they live."

l-lclmut Feller, a senior Sayles
resident for one year and student
from West Germany said. “i like the
mixture; it‘s about 50 percent
American and 50 percent
international." Feller said he came
to SUNYA “to meet the American
educational system and to
experience American culture."

John Heidorn, a sophomore
Sayles resident has mixed feelings
ubrﬁit the dorm. “it's ood because

 

volumes.

you get to meet foreign people but
hnd because other dorms shy away
from us."

'l'wo graduate students. Monica
Nest from Norway and Jim
Kennedy, said they would have
preferred to have one floor for only
grad students. “Graduate students
have more work to do." said Nest.

“1 Wanted the experience of
meeting international students." said
Kennedy. “’l‘hcrc's always some sort
of party going on. international
Students Association (ISA) has
different programs going on."

“I like Sayles." said freshman
ligbert lieslinga from Holland.
“People here care about having a
good time.“ lieslingn is studying
philosophy and atmospheric science
at SUNYA.

Puttl Ho. freshman from liong
Kong. said Sayles people get along
well. lie is studying Computer
Science at SUNYA. He said he will
be living in Sayles next year.

 
 
 
  

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE THREE

 
 
   
  
   
   
  
    
   
  
   
  
    
      
   
  
    
      
      
   
  
  
   
   
 
   
  
   
 
   
   
   
    
   
  
  
      
   
   
  
   
 
     
   
    
      
   
   
  
 

 

-_._....:....'
we.

   
 
 
 
   
   
      
   
    
    
   
    
    
    
   
   
   
  
 
  

      

