   

The Lesson

 

 

Robert Winter stood behind the maple-
.m-wilvd counter Inside his small drugstore.

bitter, beer-laden burp reminded him of the up and hug her. Hts feelings of desire coincld- tng superior for the first llitit,‘ “t;.,.i dd .
previous evening when the cocktail waitress. ed with Intense guilt and for findingaslx-year— make money. We just use l "'
with the cute ass had smiled at him, took his old girl sexually alluring.

The Student Notebook

The Discontent 9! ll. Winter

 

. wilﬂ‘tlﬂ‘u‘unun:n!‘.t.4nt~~"l.«14 ».

it to attain -
mean get things." l

      
 

Cam us Crusade

 

helm-t

 

 

Feature

 

“

‘ h I’  St .
SUNYA." Patty said. "i wanted fellowship —

to be with people who understood how i felt
about God. Campus Crusade had a table in

  

 

I am'the way, the truth, the light

i hope your mother gets you a pink dress. Pieces of paper?" the Campus Center and alter talking to them i

 

l
t

His enterprise, R. Winter. Drugs had, for the

pay the rent for his one-room apartment and a

women and didn't even listen to himself as he
spouted the most Inslpid drivel in an effort to
make conversation.

 

 

 

last six years, yielded Just enough income to

life of relative leisure that he didn't enjoy in the

fifty-cent tip and walked away, She only

wanted the money he had thought to himself. he said. "blue Is for boys anyway,"

Winter had fallen for her ploy completely. Amanda looked up once again and studied p
it had been a slow sweltering day for Winter who began to feel intimidated and

Winter. indeed the whole week seemed like a stupid for saying something so mundane.

Amanda who had come into the store to buy a text and her arithmetic book. Math was a sub
candy bar, She was someone who knew ex- ject Winter knew something about and Aman-
nctly what she wanted, it took Amanda no da complied as Winter illustrated some basic

Winter told her that site better lll‘l lliittii'

“Well. they're more than )ll'rl pitta.S “f
aper. honey. They mean irioiu "

Amanda didn't Seem to lilii,‘ any of it

    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   

It was '1972 when Jed Smock saw the light.
seated in a Burger King in lndiana while
reading the bible. He was recovering from his

would open his eyes and ears to behold new
sights and sounds; and attracted by the
leasant smell he smoked of the weed. "But

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

the eyes of man are never satisfied."
(Proverbs 27:20) and he journeyed into LSD
trips. electronic music. ungodly carnal lusts

least. Most of Winter's free time was devoted - - - » v .

to the nocturnal pursuit of women at which he year and the days revolved like the seasons br- “Who says blue is for boys?" she demand- dinnertime or else her llltilltt‘r i..,....i.i "ﬁlm: :{jeszzigzzligclg éﬂfiyatlﬁglhﬁj??? STU-lo” and grai'i'cal'on' a "ESPTQ 0' governmem ‘tism makes God too mystical to be known in a

was somewhat ofa failure. Robert Winter was inging to Winter a stifled spring. a parched cd. "is it In the Bible?" her. Amanda scampered out ilII' don. til  during an era when ail werr: int/(:11a edSI-XHIehS' “"dIdtgnltteIS. a Commune "1 MorfocorINorth lpersonal way

not Particularly bad-loQking. but being the summer. an empty harvestThere were times "No." answered Winter. whose Palms were lust about closing time \Villii'i l... ‘mi if" recess of ettin their "held"! veth m H2 Al'qca' Hmdu phllosophy' and' ﬁnally, Lynne‘ 3'50 ‘1 lun'or' "'5' "am 0' campus

youngest of seven children and growing up to when the cash register was Winter's only sweating. “What are those books there?” he doors. He had to got him... .....i “I” w fhoushtbafk atjhenaman‘weazgeaf); dc H"'E?“'Iflyf ""0 the HUI" B'ble' smce "'5 Crusade atamovie that was sponsored by the

a slight five feet, six and a half inches ac- friend and he felt comforted and protected by Inquired in an attempt to change the subject. preparation of another night out ‘JJtntlll long hair cowboy boots anda leatliler 'a:l:ef re mléOln 19(15ka had w'andgaw onto grouPtWO years 590‘ While there she filled cut I ~ ,

counted. for a reserved and insecure de- its assertive pronouncement of prices. ltyuas Amanda was merciful and answered his would be happy to be lit llll‘ main...“ .i had coéxed him imo' I I  OVCrI I co ege campuses tn states a caIdI gIvIng her name and phone numbeII damehIaIIsIgmup becausethey snessIIvIngby

mean‘or. He was usually nervous-around with envy that Winter looked upon little question. She showed him her social studies mature women ()HCU "mm '  promIsIngIhaIIIWOUId makgthi ﬁsagltazgi  Bospﬂ-u here? She was later contacted by a member of thelthe Bible. in their Bible studies the group
. : are .

Smock: Because i love you; you personally.
And that's what brings me here today.
because l love the students of the University

 

decided to Join."

Born a Protestant. Patty rejects its
humanistic philosophy of self-reliance and
self-improvement. She claims that Protestan-

group. who spoke to her about the organiza- chooses a topic or question. and uses a study
tton. .guide to find references to their topic in the Bt-
“We talked about God‘s love and 'ble. “This way we interpret the Bible

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

Most of Winter's clientele in the little hamlet more than a minute to pick out her merchan- mirth concepts on the cash register Site stared I N Y II d I k h \forglveness," said Lynne. "She explained that ourselves." said Lynne. "instead of accepting

where he lived, liked him and considered the disc and approach the register. mumbling and at the keys in rclenlless curiosity, her face can COllege students. being social creatures.‘ 0 8w or an wanl you m now i e d Y u k ow when somethin 00} someone Else's lntP-tpi'etﬂtk’n-'I
diminutive shopkeeper something of a suc- singing to herself. In one hand she held her torting occasionally the” relaxing. Suddenly. have 4’1 CUStom 0t Starting the" Weekends 0n lrUlh' so you can be 52‘ lme lmmiyour- Slns' goo neswfo :u nou'want to share ﬁgwith Accordlng ‘0 PBtty and Lynne- b0?" 593m
cuss. They usually greeted him amicably. their sclioolbooks. iii lt(’t‘0lltL’r, a chocolate bar that her countenance took on air air ofmmpiacent ThUYSdaVS- The Pains and tTUStmtlonS 0t Fit" Shm‘leﬂr‘). How do you know we ve smnEd :gplzenthat 3bu ltayre about And I care about ChilSllans Usually haVe daily quet times to it

hellus and hiyas competing with the ring was as brown as ltt'r skin. serenity as if 5t... we“, endowed with I...“ day and Saturday nights aren't enough for us. gougk' A" I . I Y . pimp I hwey found the “in”, and [ have pray and talk With GOdt They don't say that 

, , . . _ .. . _ .. , .. ' ’ ’ ' ’ -
of tliL bells attached to the glass. air Now you make sure. Winter warned as he Wisdom. Amanda spoke. We spend Thursday night chugging 25 cents .moc ‘ "'VL S'nnu' 0" V" "we" 5' . ‘d Ih I . di I'D the Bible their prayers are heard better than those from L
compressionvhtnged entrance door thatlet otit )unched the kt’ s "not to littl i 'l r ‘ l’tl "Ni l t I 't rl " ~l A ~- l b Slnlled? recogmze a ' Mu" "9 ‘ ‘i
I t y . i in (. i rm a (. tm )LI'S arcn rLa , s lL \.tl( eers at the Longbranch. or fighting crowds in s d I W _“ I .) an one whobelicves not is headed [orapiace people of different beliefs and practices. Patty vi
a eiiphonlous hiss as it closed. Wltitvrs melt on your dress " Winter stopped the lesson arid felt once the Rab lu em.  ' "we ygu' - ["4 I i . ( V‘Hcd He” 1nd I love ou 53kt that t” Roma“ 8328 Pam 5335 that 60d i "

‘iIIStUmICi'S limited on film «35 a mall who knew Amanda liioki-d up and frowned, almost in- again the cold sweat of fear snzIOISk' YVb' bu: nly Tm: have been {mall/en 13:21:.le {2:31 £120“, you';nd lei youygo hears all prayers ht" PromlSes "outan to those 
.IiIIIiat ii \tIiringLd from lift and through (llgIllttlil that thttt'l lititl lltlt't’t‘ttpiutl her scat Of course they re real. he answered   gt: IIWIISIiflszImIC sInnIIiItg IIIII III I .I unIo He” WIIhom warhing you I" lens! who dont hold him as Lord, Lynne added I
r 51::in tItiHu/I ltristian pcrscveertnfe got what soliloquoy. defensively Winter withdrew some dollar bills y by: LII; IUD 19“) you now A mm, mvm studem- [can't perceive of it Hell "'5' 5"“ bulleves 6"“ does answer Prayers x t
I r r r - ) ' . n . . 'r' r _ . r -

ii I(rIl; ti . diter wIasIawaIrc o tits concep Whaddya say.’ front the register and held them up. “If l have 5"“ k rlg I“ CI . I II L d I I m t, smock. we" Whether you believe it or atmllt SPUClltC thln95 — notlUSt general thanS- }

l ' r 7 -‘ r . ' " i ‘ l '

u r iimuii ioug it tonya mattuoftimc i said you huttur not mess up that pretty ten dollars and you have seven, t have three But in the Campus Center, about 40 m0" ' Slum "'5 u i" 0 "o 'r e} - h i r. ,n t .1 ' it Jot/CK a Sophomore. attended a Campus ‘1
it‘lUrC people discovered the truth and expos- blue dress " » - " smdm‘l: HOW ("n you my he 5 ""3 only lord? "Olmynu mlg “ml m K“ m l yml'umpo ' ‘ 5
II IIIIII II III I I I II . ‘ more dollars than you, SUNYA students have found another way to s I BI I . II I H I . IUI Ihe mp OI Ihm building mm “in hm, you but Crusade meeting because she wanted to see I
WIIII” II (it I LI akme IiIuggiIr In Ircti y was. My mama is gonna buy me a new one.. Why did (lUtl make money?" Amanda spend their Thursday nights. They sing, watch Imm (' Limb" 'I 9‘": “I?” Ldsa" "m on do II and you.” be hurling ' the film shown that night. She says she goes to 

, . I I. , . I , n . 1 ~ r t ’ r s A
(II IIILIIIEIILIiIiIiIIspcI  iIclt «Iins stiprnutt of anyway, she answered. asked in all sincerity. movies. listen to lectures. and share personal "" W‘I'y' 'IL "I'" I' In I'Q'I‘I "" In" man :Iudem, I believe In Whm I can pemeiw by church every Sunday but is not a born again
.ti . i ic s it. at i tit tit. counter. A Winter Wits tiW’tl'tilitt.‘ with an urge to pick Winter chuckled and started to speak feel leellngs “hm” 60"' They Call lhls comm ' um” l m m “grin” “mum me' ' ' I l l ’ l ' ’ Chr'ﬁllan' Al "'2 beglm'mg 0' ""3 meellng She
F - ‘ up .. kl I h Student: Why do you think you have to go V|5l0n 0r Wtat 0t “"5 10‘“ WOW-"- I I H .. h _ Id , d I b h
   rtmetime, a wee y meeting 0 t e I I _D III. . I I.) saii sie (.t t reatenc an caget in yt e .
I u  M members of (‘ampus Crusade for Christ — an around 'cllmg everybody? smOCk' 0 you n "we I" OVL' group " it
M.— ‘ ' ‘ V . '- - . 1 tudent: Not at no. _. ' . . .. '
. I I organization for from again Christians. smmk' Chml comn'andulma '0 Sprwd the S y ' . . h, 9 l constder religion a private matter, Joyce -
SitiL they would show both Hitlt'i  ii . .1» . SmOCk: Do 90“ bal'cve '" “l9” - H
Remembrance Of Election Ill ht P  ~  ».     is           *5 ' 
t 1 ’ (UV Irt . i ' ' _ . . - r ‘ ' I i
' - ‘. - - ~ it t i a . . . v i
s s  imtiumnum ,0 I, Imimmi “WW I., .IWI  afﬁldnllalllon M") "I "'28:;an ma" 0' 'T"9 '0' ‘I'I"I"I0fga"llalI'I°" "'"Iam "345': In Student: Well, i've experienced God so you Smock: So you’re an atheist. I
WWII SIIIIIUS aImIII IIIS IIWII I_ IIII IIII III I; .i rtan ant womcn at merican ony wt 1c constan y mov ng. rarLIy s ay ng might experience Ihings you dong sea D0 Smdem: I am an thIesII I I
. i i A t ~ universities and in 100 countries. its goals are in one city for more than five years. She looks you believe In me wind? smock; But you are a lew. . 

The clock showed 1:30 a m . yet my eyes'
refused to close. This sudden insomnia wasn‘t
caused by too much sleep lltt.’ night before
Nor had my hum~drum existence as a bored
senior suddenly heroine exciting it was Tues-
day night. election night, the night rill America
stays tip late to watch the results pile in.

One doesn't have to be overly political in do
this; it's like all of the suddenly fanatical foot-

ball fans who surface each Super Bowl Sun-
day. There was one catch. however. There
was really nothing of note this year n no
Walter Cronkite telling me what was happen-
ing: no Eric Severide telling me why it was
happening. No real hot races in New York; no
presidential campaign: the possibility of
Camelot Part ii is still a year away.

So, instead of watching this year's boring
results. i thought of election nights past. The

 

toral votes. At night's end. i had gained a
"valuable" lesson in social studies, and the
country had gained a Richard Nixon.

Seven years later. a political unknown

big. it made page 5 of the ASP. in an article
which related that the candidate had said the
"usual" things candidates say.

As the networks projected Jimmy Carter the
victor on Election Night ‘76. former ASP

recorded interview he had with Carter as the
candidate was being driven from SUNYA to
the airport. Did Gaines have the faintest idea
that lie was talking to the future president of
the United States that night?

"Hell no," he replied. “If i did. i would
never have erased that tape."

Last year, i found myself at Governor Hirgli
Carey's campaign headquarters in New York

hours i watched a ballroom filled with drunk
campakin workers whoop it up while they
waited for opponent Peny Duryea to con-
cede. l thought about how Carey had bullied
and duped SASU leaders a few weeks earlier

 

 

J

rogantly told them they “could go on the cor-
Her and sell apples" to raise the. money, for all
he cared.

Suddenly, the night's demlgod appeared
and the ballroom went crazy Carey their pro-
t'i,‘L’(lL‘ll to make the most rambling. incoherent
‘iDl't‘fll l hail ever heard. At the end of the
speech. I wasn't the only one shaking my
head.

Last Tuesday night. the only news l was tru-

ly interested in concerned Guilderiand « yes.
Guilderlaiid.

Voters there elected a
Democratic slate which opposes the r . time-

A Ilame Is A Ilame Is

We fascinate ourselves with names. in each

United Nation -—r countries bound together by
altruistic goals. Usually the most inipoi‘ant
consideration is the sound, in Rocky. the pru~

name. along with its appeal to ltiilians anti Its
romantic (almost sexual) implications with
“Stallion” captures the imagination.

Animals are especially effective as
psychological indicators and “my imply
depending on the chosen buust. strength:

Matt and Animal that began on the painted
wall of caves a million years ago. The Nigi
teams. in particular, are prolific with inainj
Iiiallian identification.

l‘outlhtll. by its ltdlitl’L’, is a brutal. beastly
game. but a list of some team names sounds
more like .1 Zoo roster: the Bengals lh't‘fv'
Broncos. Lions. Rams. .(Tolts I I J.
for the (irii‘iilioliiglsts; the

  

Dolphins, arid

stronger link than "Jan." with New Orleans
“Steelers” with Pittsburgh. and "Brewers" wit-ll
Milwaukee? Similar situations exist in most
cities In every sport. As Hollywood captured
the romantic attraction of the Old West. so too

on SUNY's health fee Issue about how he a - did the I o t y - r
I I r s) r s Industr hire Its customers b to rot involve thorns“

Ives in much i "I
N t stcnl i ~. 0
W

real journalism. they told us

tlon of a huge shopping mall on a piece of Now that the voters have llilll ti» 2
land not far from campus known as the Pinc- mt that the community dlu'sii'! .miit
Bush. l've never seen the Pine Bush. but CTOSSSBtGS- HOWeVer. met/"1i ll'lliti'l‘l d
friends tell me it's a beautiful place. [in- corporate giant,lnlhemoldoffltl‘Pt'tllilr'Wliil
vironmentallsts say it's crucial to keep its brought us the l’into. the i)! it)
natural wonders in tact. Community groups Mile island, Folks who l)t’ll('\.’t' lli iln .
say that the last thing this area needs is ideal of dollar worship at lllt' Wit-i ' 'i‘
another shopping mall. But the corporation people. '
which wants to build the mall. Crossgatus. You know. they will |trttliillill i 3‘ f'viii
says it will be good for the area. mall. Money can talk lOLttlt‘t than pi iii .i:.-

in an attempt to convince voters to support But answer me this: if they do build it
the mall. Crossgates bought half an hour's Tuesday's vote, will it Tt’i’tllV lll' iviiilli it Jr W
time on a local TV. station However, they arty sleep over future election illlllti‘i' '

AlexandeLBeres
A llame

 

 

bo - - r . .

"Texas Rini . n t n X sures "‘ "'9 3"”"9 Dannie who drive cars with llitllit' ix

hdeiuwuhneK “gas "'.'.‘. EMII'S L”Wl’f’V5-" Charger. Comet. 'l‘hundi-i-bird. liaii
raves in u ' - .

Whoa II I "10 iltlnl) and fury. Cougar. and tireliki- iii'L‘t‘Xiilt’H'tlll

D up on tie beaten basketball courts.

 

  

distinct - '

IIIIIIIIISIIIfIilei::Ij;t:):i AL:fII/I\Iltit.’l‘lt‘ilii values, and rionhomosexuality for tlit‘li \‘.liti ti‘i‘i

lllilt‘ltt) pow.” I.I'{L.IL":I"I'I",lII'I"l‘ll‘t“5l05‘)f assured of their manhood in; .i». uni

abandonment In D' i." llmmll'm' "'5" """nsolws Wlll‘ tl‘L’St' WW“! *‘r’illl‘vl'i 'il-‘i‘i‘
' r 'nl'wldll llllllllul'nw' ll'l' wulnclll’lly (‘iti‘s \vltliititiiii'sliki' lilllllt-li i‘ .t‘l

names of car Itit)(l(’l'l
s tire '
they are robi'lling against Ill-tlt’ tlttlllliliilll‘ “

        

iriir sub-conscious in l

NW NW i-conririiii'ully. itiltl socially ‘~l.‘iill‘ilu
e are what we CG” \W'll‘ '"l WUniv. driving r| t‘iiifillai , .iiii. lit ii ii
iii the ultimate it. . i . .  i. .,.

O I .hittiiittitii .iiiii..
urseftheS, but LUe also 'l“'l"rit‘ttl a statement as if lllt' I)\\'Iit‘i vi‘iilil
are W at Of ‘ r; ""V' I'l~“"lt. iii-I. l madu it " ()llt'lt lltt‘ iii' iii‘l>
hers (.fo US. of these "luxury" L'itr‘s tlil.’ Illltllllt' .iiiiul
"'ll""""'l“55 l"'”t)l£'. Who have wiiiliiwl a”
limit lives ili'L’i‘Iililtig irf miitvil llrt‘r‘ulill' lllit tiltlll

this vase is obtained, despiti- llit' tililittt‘ "it‘l
costs of weekly installments. wltli lllt’ lth”
that it will attract good f(irllllit' tlltil iltm'

/\ row by any other lltltlll! lh not u rim. Nut
will it smell as sweet for we tut jiit’liiil‘l“
“'V“"‘Vttillig by its name that Wl‘ ittt' tlflt'll it"v‘r
aware of what the name names llltlll lllt' llilll

plotting Ifenials climb tip llil.‘ Nt'll‘itili box
 I lth passive spectator. strapped to his
I at ls often frustrated by his iii ictl l

and usually feels compelled iii in so I ' V'ly'
emulate the action and excitement (ilhi‘Wdy'
life. Men who watch football on weirltentglfr‘ifiil

 

 

 

'to spread Christ's gospel so other people will

become born again Christians. and to provide
fellowship for those who already are,

Tony and Bridget Arnold are the full-time
staff members of the Campus Crusade pro-
gram in Albany. They are a friendly couple in
their late twenties. and say they get great
satisfaction from their work. in addition to
hosting Primetime. Tony and Bridget lead
weekly Bible studies. plan social activities for
the group. and are available to talk to in-
ditidiial students about God. They are Stip-
porled by money contributed by their families.
individuals. churches. and other organiza-
tions. 'l'hey raise this money themselves and
keep in close contact with these supporters by
writing monthly and visiting during vacations.

.s ‘ , .,‘ ' .

 

Tony feels that his relationship with Chris
has provided a sense of meaning and purpose
in his life. "As a result of positive things l've
seen (iod do in my own life, l've had it rear
desire to help others come into the some rein»
tlonslilp with Jesus." he said. A born again
Christian for eleven years, 'i'nny expects to
spend his whole life spreading Christ's word.

"i knew there was a void in my heart that
social activities couldn't fill." she said. "l'iii
happy seeing the change Christ makes in peo-
ple's lives." She added that it is Christ, not
lii-rsirlf. lltill is responsible for these changes.
iii-fore tiiaii'ying Tony. Bridget worked for

forward to continuing this lifestyle. even as her
family grows. "l‘vu learned that people are all
the same everywhere." she said, "you just
have to get to know them."

Patty. a junior at SUNYA. explained that
being born again is developing a personal rela-
tionship with (ind, "in the Bible (John 3:1-22)
Jesus says that all men must he spiritually born
again to enter the kingdom of God (heaven).
This means that for eternal life you must
decide on your own to be a Christian." said
l’atty "To be born a Christian originally is not
enough. you must choosi- i ) be one and to
follow Christ's words "

l’atty was raised in l'llisftil’tl. a small town
near Riiclit-sli-r Witli bur brown uyusand long
brown hair. she is llit’ archetype of the Ivory
Snow girl. She went to Sunday School as a
child btit by junior high school hltt' considered
herself till iilllt’l‘si and only li'tihillltKl ii cluiit'li

 

first one i remember ' ' leedl lh l ' ' I

vtvtdl wa ‘ . "Q 0 tie ul of the t ., .- . ' . ,_

glued IO Ihe IQIevISIOn Inmth 5 135: l W35 subsection of our crvll‘zatlon we label tion between Coﬁbop d Tlntssm mnlmmd "Ll'V'lV lend to rlln 01” ("tit tililv i it“ it ‘Wiii‘l . i, r 1.. ,|.. N, hm. "mum. wanted _ just what [ "curled. I)

I s " ' l |

the mOmim k I I e WLL ours Ol “W’Vlhlnit We can. Some names represent the the heart ( fT» - l W an m lal'h' Duel) l" halftime. This sudden urge for sport I‘v in third mu“ L il l' t 1 v t i it lift it school Lynne is from Nassau. a small town about u' men“

J, eep n9 c 059 mum at the elec. Immcular IIIncIIOII I II x J L.de t icy extoll about yellow riir- by the ex ‘it i i H ‘ At thy lititv l'tli“l it til" ll * .l ~ 7 . . A ." Student: Most of us are Jews.

0 a” m'Eianizatton: the bons blazed trails arid the L “null 0" 5mm” l” "W WW "I crlloil Young 1 tie Shit describes it as a half an hours drive east from Albany. 5 Smock we" you're all headed for Hell then
_ I I I . I . . c . . . . .

nondt-iiiiiiiinatiiriial group that brings young
people together to how, fun and lit bi.- loved.
They make tip skits and sing songs (sometimes I

hi 0 .  ' - , - ~ ~ - - ' ' I '
vIsIIed SUNYA and IIIId a less-IhﬂnIpMked LIIJI nisIt is cbliosen it; tight thi. heavily/eight We ari- wttat we call ourselves bit I ldicnt masculinity. By driving a lllillitlit iii CIIIIsIInnOIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIIQ CIIIIOIWCIIIIIWIIIIQ says She always believed m the mngion she heIEI
‘ 'rnp on ecaustl its nu] . .  V -. I we aso on: an t - l r ' - " i i ‘ i ’ l‘ ‘
IecIuIe c l I lLuturnL i, [he I _ I H L it a its tit. attributi-s of a lllillitli ll iii . ‘ . - t ' u ' )rictlced 9t She tell that “105' ppr We“
d enter that he was “inning to, we” “Minn bIamonIn The IIImmUIIOPIIId (II II I rrL What others call us, lhu names of lordly authorit rt . . .i ii 3] w a speaker gtws a short talk on .lcsus. i « SIS) II I II I)" AIIIIOU II Lynne IS istudem: We“ we couid say the same about
em and Why he would wIIII “IQ newswas 50 it. American cars mired MMIISIIII AWIIIIL.” I II M to vcr, iispi iI. i i . in Young “to sponsored weekends and camps doing it ccauit. o I If: .I II IQI I I you.
~ '.- imes ruse names connotan litit t' tliittiili ill - the only mem er 0 er am y “3 WEIUBYV ‘

which Patty went to. Patty says the Gospel
'was preached there and she was struck by the
quality of their lives.

"i saw something different in the people
there. i wanted whatever it was they had and
discovered that it was God's love that made

   

    

  

editor Dan Gaines watched in at ' 5‘ ‘t'l ll '
"meme," "u . _ , V I I . llliilliiil iiiidorc . .
I II t l grace. courage. tummy m WWII II I I I littt’til tuwiiidstlii: faiitaw “Wm”... i  , .. .. . . . up ' ‘ n ~ ;
ta kcd about the article he wrote a year C‘u’llt.’ r i . . 't‘l' Wl'li-li attracts us I tt " I" "'0 " """"‘ 5 “"‘l ""' ""' " ' ti ‘o in ) she said 5'“ l‘aS~ -
The “DIES I I I (I II I c r. prcva L’ttLl! as team names In Sports alludes; to i ’ nu" ' lltllil to be powerful l ti " '1 mm 5 ‘ pl y' ' ' j , i i 1 [30m 3 1in cimsiians are considered.) Fun. k‘ -Rlchard Behar
Ci It. to use: came from a taper it romantic iri ' r .» ‘ . ' ""‘ ' """l v . . ‘ ' r "t W35 “heady Pom “gal” Wm“ 90 0 'g‘ , .  A
. | liillth.. rtlatioiiship being...n \ ( an, by it... (“Hamliintts with llli’lt l‘ii‘ -i t‘w . > - vi .. -. . , ,. ‘ > > i' tempt n — the people are great and it would

.t'

 t

 

lit
l

  

r

   

   
   

    
    

Student: i believe in the wind. student; 1 am a jaw because."
Smock: Have you seen it? Smock: Alright. So then the fact of it is. a
Student: N0. bUt t can Sthk my hand Out... religion or lack of religion does not affect your
LSmock: You see the effects of it. You feel the jewishness, Right?
‘effects of it. And i have seen the effects of student; Right,
'God. Have you ever seen the back of your Smock; so that‘s why a person can be a
ead? Christian and still be lewish. Your
'Student: in a mirror.” jewishness isn't dependent on your religion.
Smock: Well that’s howlsoe God. in a mirror. student; My jewishncss is dependent on the
l see his tOOtStL’PS 3” 0V”. ltallL’llllitttl fact that i like to get together With my family
Are you Jewish by chance? even though we don't go to temple. Wejust...
Student: Yes. i am. Smock: Well. it's nice that your family gets
Smock: What makes you a jew? together. l'in glad to hear that. But, lI'll tell ya.
Student: l was born of jewish parents but...l you need to get it together With God 5 family.
am of the jewish nation but [do not believe in See it's two things. There's the family ofIGod,
made up of Christians. and the family of
Satan, made up of all non-Christians. And
those of you who believe not in Christ are of
the devil‘s family. How many here are born
again in following Jesus? Anybody? Anybody

any Sod at all.

i could have it personal relationship with Curr
if i prayed and Invited .lesus to come into my
llft.‘ as my saviour I thought this was just what I

blue-eyed briiiit'ttc. she enjoys discos and
riding her motorcycle. She was raised as a
Catholic and went to Sunday School. She

Student: Bullshit!
Student: Wonderful.
Student: Why don't you get the fuck out of

Smock: You can. but you can’t back it upwith
anything! You can't back it up with the Bible.
You can go out and join every church in
Albany and that won't save your soul. That
doesn’t mean you're at Christian. You must be
born again. 0

attends church. her parents are afraid she ls
rejecting Catholicism. They constantly argue
over her religious beliefs. and Lynne worries
that her parents won't go to Heaven because
they haven't committed their lives to Christ as

 

   
 

 

     
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

a}. it

  

Ibe easy to Join and feel secure. But i fear i'd
lose my individuality."
' Tony and Bridget are expecting their first
child early next year. They don't plan on
bounding their children about religion. but
Bridget feels that once her children see how
happy God has made her and Tony. they too1
will choose to be born again Christians. Patty
expressed the same feelings. Although she ex-

il

be born again Christians because "if they grow
up in an atmosphere of God's love, they'll
want him forever."

. And if they don't? "Well." said Patty, “all i
can do is pray for them." 0

 

 

Campus Crusade as «T nurse in Kenya. Work-

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Jl. covering election night for this newspaper. Orioles. Blueiays. and l:ill(‘(')ll:llabl Cimllndlgt i A" n nmlml' we "we recent 31 melt r- CW "ln'ulﬁ l“ mu" ll')ll()l"l"ml' "H u' "my ""1 Always wmk “Ill-"mu at n unlveml.
5' Early in the evening. it became apparent that Besides animals. another likely “Duff: 1 Impl‘"l Wlll‘ Vlt)lL‘ncc and sex. Movies thilfitflc: m""'“"'lvd sphindor. but it lti not tlllttllllilli‘lt WI" 1... said, “but l'm Sliit‘ i'll somehow always I I pects her children to choose their;1 own I
' Carey. who had enlisted the aid of media whiz team names is an associath Oliefwm L" 'I" ‘iitlse destruction and gore are big hits l mi '0 SW "mp", (" "’W‘” l”""”“’~“ "l‘ll'iil “i "l“" he liilltltttl t0 PCUPlU “hm” Cllil’tl'" - l ' w"g'0"5 somEday' Pan" plansm ralse l, cm as
I David GthI would Wm chIyI For IIIIII IIIII home CIIICSI when: IIISII WOIIIII IIwwi mitt; tuft-vision shows that taunt nialc lliglilit‘i'llv‘ii: (‘liromiiil i'.l Dot-atlas 'Hiu symbol of Winilfll iii “MINI became [mm “gain eight years ago. I -Chrt5iiIaIinIs. (IShed sayiegiﬁtpmlggggflit/0:35;:
. I . . enoug 0 CC 8. «

 

