 

t

 

 

ll.-case-(ct..-lltI‘Kﬁim-t'tt.

 

aI-'4~upawIIﬂ-llvwﬂmnn‘i‘xer'I‘I4-1'95Inlilz‘

on?  :s'  '
LRRStrikeMdy Women

 

NEW YORK (AP) New York City's highways, subways

and buses had .to swallow almost 180,000 extra travelers
displaced Monday by a Logg Island Railroad strike but
.managed it without choking. Businesses reported no
widespread absenteeism, and only h few workers were late.
the Chamber of Commerce and Industry said. But
“tomorrow will be the test," warned Assistant Traft‘tc
Commissioner Robert Hogan. "The drivers will say, ‘Gce.
it was nothing today’ and go back to their cars. Traditional-
ly. the second day becomes the worst." Many people drove
to work. Some entered Manhattan and many more left their
cars in parking lots in Queens before riding subways to
midtown. Some took buses to subway stations. Long lines
and delays were reported at bus stops and subway token
booths, but highway trafﬁc. rush-hour heavy for at least
two hours longer than usual, moved without a major tie-
up. With many drivers starting from home as early as S
a.m.. “there was heavier trafﬁc, but it was spread out fur-
ther," the Traffic Department reported to Mayor Edward
1. Koch. The strike was in its third day, but Monday was
the first test of its effects on a normal business day. No
negotiations have been held since 1.200 members of the
United Transportation union went on strike over wages
against the Metropolitan Transportation Authority. but the
National Mediation Board said it was calling for talks
Wednesday. After the UTU strike. 16 other unions either
struck or agreed to honor picket lines. The 17 unions repre-
sent 6.200 workers.

Nun Gets Nobel Peace Prize

OSLO, Norway (AP) The Norwegian Nobel Committee to

day delivered the 1979 Nobel Peace Prize to Mother Teresa
of Calcutta, praising the Roman Catholic ttun who has
devoted her life to lndia's poor for her respect for the in-
dividuals she helps. in a speech prepared for delivery at the

award ceremony in Oslo. the chairman of the committee.

Prof. John Sanness, said Mother Teresa deserved the prize

“because she promotes peace in the most fundamental
manner — by her conﬁrmation of human dignity." The
year‘s 10 other Nobel laureates. five of them Americans,
were to receive their prizes today at a ceremony in
Stockholm. Recounting the 33 years Mother Teresa has
spent tending the poor and the sick in the sprawling slums
of Calcutta, Sanness recalled she once said: “in these years
or v-vork among the people, I have come more and more to
realize that it is being unwanted that is the worst disease
that any human being can experience." “She believes.”
Sanness said, “that the worst disease today is not leprosy or
tuberculosis. but rather the feeling of being unwanted. un-
cared for and deserted by everybody. The hallmark of her
work has been respect for the individual and the in-
dividual's worth and dignity." Sanness said the Yugoslav
nun, the sixth women to win the Peace Prize. shares the
standard of another Nobel laureate: the “veneration for
life” of the late Albert Schweitzer.

To Award Low Energy Car

NORTH DARTMOUTH. Mass. (AP) A contest at
Southeastern Massachusetts University is offering $1 000
for the best design of the ultimate energy-saving car —'onc
that. runs on manpower alone. “The kind of vehicle we're
talking about wouldn't be the sole sourcc of transportation
for a person. but would serve well for many short. routine
trips that are now taken in automobiles,“ said Professor
Siegfried M. Browning. the contest coordinator. The con-
test ts open to students. faculty and staff members at the
school. and the winner Will be picked next May. Browning
noted that Americans already own about 75 million
bicycles. which are the most common kind of man-powered
vehicles. in recent years, bikes have gotten lighter. their
tires have grown skinnicr. and lO‘Spced transmissions have
made them easier to pedal. The contest rules say the
vehicles cannot usc external power supplies. such as
motors. But they do allow energy storage. such as pedal-
cltargcd batteries.

S. Kareem Prime Minister Elected

SEOUL. South Korea (AP) President Choi Kyu-hnh, in his
first move to form a new government, nomintttcd veteran
government official Shin Hyonhwack to be his prim"
minister. Shin. a deputy prime minister in the govcrtttncnt
of assassinated President Park Chunghcc, is the chief ar-
cltitect of South Korca’s tnost recent cconoutic success. An
announcement by Choi's office said the 59-year-old Shin
would be appointed to the country's number two job to
help cope with anticipated economic problems in the corti-
iitg year. His appointment requires approval by the Ntt~
tional Assembly. Choi was named acting president when
Park was assassinated by his own intelligence cliichct. 26.
He was elected president last Thursday by the clcctoral col-

.legc witltout debate.

 

 

 Amory-5m“. ._ ,
Students To “rate” Budget Cuts

In response to the recent budget cuts instituted by the
New York State Division of 'Budget (DOB), the Albany
,Student Union (ASU) and SASU will picket outside of the
Alfred E. Smith building on Thursday at 1:00 pm. (DOB
located within).

The downtown demonstration. to be attended by an
estimated 50 students. will protest the current DOB ruling
which will increase SUNY-widc vacancy levels, thus
eliminating staff. faculty. and administrators. A possible
1175 positions will be eliminated.

responding to Governor Carey's already planned budget
cuts for next year. We will not stand dormant on this
issue."

A Candidate Speaks OfMarxism

Jules Levin. a 1976 presidential candidate for the
Socialist Labor Party, addressed an audience of 16 people
Monday night.

Speaking in Lecture Center five. Levitt defined what
“bonafide Marxian socialism there is." He claimed that the
“enemies of socialism" have distorted the meaning of
socialism while other countries have exploited the working
class by calling themselves socialistic. Levin cited Russia
and China as countries which “try to palm off oppression
v and repression with socialism."

Levin furtltcr stated that the U.S. capitalist system has
created severe problems such as unemployment. en-
vironmental pollution. and racism. He argued that
“repression is more a part of capitalism. How should we
transform the capitalistic institution into collective proper-
ty?

The speaker argued that, under the doctrines of
socialism, the working class would unite to abolish the
“government structure in this country and of all
bureaucratic nations along with class divisions.”

He further advocated that those who work in capitalist
organizations are the producers of goods and should
"receive back full social value of what they've put into pro-
duction.

“People who produce everything in this country are
members of the working class. The Capitalist class is
basically useless.

 

 

.be participants in the new government."

Powerful Quake Rocks Iran

TEHRAN. Iran (AP) An earthquake measuring 5.6 on the
Richter scale rocked the eastern lranian cities of Ferdows
and Tabas Sunday but there were no reports of injuries or
damage. the official Pars news agency said. it was the third
quake to hit Khorasan Province this month and the latest in
along series in eastern iran this year. Hundreds perished in
destructive tremors last month and in January near the nor-
theast lranian city of Mashad. 400 miles east of Tehran
Authorities said 250 people were killed in a quake near
Mashad on Nov. 14 and 17 were killed ‘Nov. 27. A quake in
January in the same area killed 300 persons.

Nuke Bases In Europe Approved

BRUSSELS. Belgium (AP) U.S. officials have won NATO
approval to base hundreds of new nuclear missiles in
Western Europe. senior diplomatic sources said Monday at
a conference of alliance foreign and defense ministers 0f-
l'tcial endorsement is cxpcctcd Wednesday. the third day of
the conference. for the controversial plan that has been
condemned by the Soviet Union and its Warsaw Pact allies

under the plan, 464 Tomahawk cruise and 108 Pershingizl
missiles will bc placed in European nations belongittg to the
North Atlantic Treaty Organization. Onc purpose is to off-
SClllitc growing nuclear capability of the Soviet Union

which NATO claims has added 120 SS~205 which can hif
any European capital front their launchers cast of the Ural
Mountains, deep insidc Russia. The second purpose is to
replace NATO's aging tactical. or battlefield. nuclear
weapons with a new longer-ranged generation of nuclear
projectiles. The new missilcs hch a range of 1.200 to l 50(‘
miles, enough to strike targets itt European Russia. The: of;
ftctul Soviet news agency Toss said the plans of the NATO
bloc have caused “special alarm atttottg tltc world ptiblic in
connection with the intention of militaristic Westcrn
circles" to vote to deploy the missiles before the next round
of arms limitation talks. “The fulfillment of these plans
will lead to a new spiral of the arms race and thrc'ttcn
dctemc," Tass said irt comtncutnry rclcuscd iii Moscow

DAVEliNE:
Decemben 10, l 979

 

According to ASU Chair Jeremy Carlson. "We're.

' People and Food. raised 56.89000 llli ptojccts to combat

"The people who make tip the workers of industry wily

With Honors . . .

Signum Laudis. the scholastic honor society of SUNYA
held its Fall induction Ceremony on November 29. '
Founded in 1930. the society was adopted by SA recom.
mending to the Faculty Council the establishment of an
organization which would reward and encourage scttolar-
ship.
The following are the 1979 inductees:
Lisa Appiebaum,Frederic AskhamJonathan
Bard.Kath1een Becker,Russell Bomse,Fouad
Boulovs..lames N. Carter,David S. Cohen.Robcn
_DeMario.Richard Dever.Adriennc Fishman San
Frohock,Janet Geasa,Susan Goldfishcr.Amy E. ' Han):
nincn.John Hyland.Richard lacono,Maricne L. Jatncr-
son,Daie S. Juron.01ga .1. Kallicltc,Lori KeurianC-uoi
Krohn.David Kurtz.Joanne Licamcli,R.;n‘.”d
Liebowltz.Nina McFadden.Marlene Michaclson iatlr‘i
Neustadtcnlacki Neuwirth.Robert Nimko‘ff JoL'
Prefer.Dave Reisman.Jamle Rothman.Gai1 Ru'dcr)-
man.Deborah A. Ryszka.Mark Samncls Mm.
Saraco,Patricia Scensny.Richard SChOlllng’cr‘p.:
Shahan,Mitcheii Shek,Stephanie Sherman R‘mil.
Shinong.Donaid R. Stuccy.Sharon Tishlcr,Barbttrul Wm)
dell.K'ennetll Webster.Patricc Wchrcn Michell:
Weinberg.Richard Weinberg,Stuart Yormak.Da'ryl Yttbc k

Food For More Than Thought

1980 is almost here! There have been predictions tltttt the
805 will be an age of renewed student activism. 'l ltc pt'cscm
famine in Cambodia makes it clear that this \liltit‘lll itc~
tivism must be channelled towards \\‘(lfitl\\ltlt‘ issues of
poverty and economic injustice. Hungct i» it symptom of
injustice. The student hunger-awarcncss group i’cuplc and
Food has been providing this channel tot SUNYA students
for the past five years. Last year. FAS'i 1979. sponsored by

hunger and poverty.

The theme for Fast '80 is “A ('utnutupttt ol'Oucstions”
including such topics as Womctt iii Dcrcloptncnt. Simple
Living and the Politics of lllllll.’t'l. lust 1‘)th will be held
February 8 and 9 ~ this is it L‘flttiit't‘ for you to educate
yourself about cconorttic justitc in ihc world and to par-
ticipate itt creative student ttctivt'xtu.

 

Famed Archbishop Dead At 84

NEW YORK (AP) Archbishop Hilton 1. Shccn, whOSL'
radio and television programs mudc hiin one of the Roman
Catholic Church's best-known figttrcs. died Sunday ning
1" "1C 88c of 84. Sheen succumbed iii hix homc on Manhat-
tan‘s Upper East Side after a long battle with heart discasc.
The body was takett to a New York City funeral chapci.
where information on funeral plans was ilOi immediately
available. His religious commentary program. called “The
Catholic Hour," began on radio and eventually spit-ad to
television as “Life is Worth Living. " “The Catholic llottt “
W35 begun in March 1930 by tltc Ntttionttl Council of
Catholic Men, and Sheen was selected (15 its first ptcttchct.
The council estimated that tile radio show rcuchcd 7.5
million listeners. The show prompted thousands of it'llL‘l's
from as far away as the Falkland islands iii the Atlantic
Ocean off the coast of Argentina, Australia, Turkey and
South Africa. As national director of the Society for the
i’ropogation of the Faith. Sheen was known its tltc instruc»
tor of some of the country‘s tnost famous converts to tltc
Catholic faith. Before his rctirctttcnt in 1969, Sliccn wm
credited with bringing into the Catholic faith ilcywood
BTW". it newspaper columnist; automaker Henry l‘oid H:
and Clare Boothe Luce, tltc playwright.

Carter And Kennedy Dine

WASHINGTON (AP) President Carter and Sen. lidwtud
M. Kennedy shared the spotlight Sunday nit‘J" ‘” _”
testimonial dinner for House Speakcr Thomas P. O'NL‘I“
Jr., D-Mass.. as they traded qttips about tltcir buttlc for thc
1980 Democratic presidential nomination. (.‘ttt'tcr. though.
iitjcctcd it serious note with it reference it) the crisis iii him.
saying, “i have no dottbt that we iii America will i‘I'CV‘m
because we are right, because we are strong. because we 4H0
united." The president addcd that “long after tltc mobs
have gone home it) lrun . . . Amcricn‘s dctnoctuc)‘. "l"
ideal of America. will shine its it does today >-- the brighch
and the best hope of mankind." Kcnncdy turd Cutter, wilt!
sat at tables only a few feet apart, also paid wnrtu Iributc to
O'Neill and poked gentle fun at each oiltcr. Kcnnctly hut til
it tahlc with tiic Speaker's son, Lt. Gov. Thomas P. ()‘Ncill
ill of Massachusetts. who is New England coordinator for
tile senator’s presidential campaign. ('nrtcr sul HI the “9"
table with the speaker. it was the fits! limc tlic two men htttl
“filialer lOIiClhcr publicly since Oct. 20. when both uttcntl-
Cd “"5 dedication in , Boston at the .lolnt it. Kcnncd)’
Memorial Library. .

 

  
  

 

 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 

 

 

    

 

  

Minn—.5. 21‘1'03343

 

by Charles Bell

SUNYA officials are currently
negotiating with the Cohoes Music
Hall Corporation to possibly make
the Performing Arts Cetttcr the
theater group's new home.

While formal arrangements have
not been made, the proposed move
from Cohoes to the SUNYA cant-
pus is one representatives of both
parties believe will be beneficial.

 

Music Hall Pttblic Relations
Director Pat Futtibcnc said the
theater group is seeking to leave its
current ltotnc iii the historic
lOO-yCLII‘~()l(i Cohoes Music “it”
because the structure docs not
measure tip to federal standards for
handicapped accessibility.

liattibcnc said funds from tltc
National Endowment on tltc Arts
and the New York State Cottitcil on
the Arts will dr u) if the Music

 

by Rich Behar

Tltcrc are eight Iranian students
currently enrolled in a wide range of
programs at SUNYA. Most are here
on fellowships and scholarships.
sponsored by the government of
iron. and intcnd'ed for a limited
time of study. after which they ex-
pect to return to their native iattd.
All of these students have recent-
ly been subjected to visa and
passport checks by the U.S. int-
ntigrations Service in Albany and all
have been cleared.

As it result of the current turmoil
between irttn and the U.S.. they
have all remained cautious and
discerning about their activities and
opinions. Two have agreed, with
sonic hesitation. to discuss the
issues in separate intcrvicws.

One strident remarked that “it”
of us are facing tt two-cdgctl knife"
in reference to tire hostage situation
and tltc luck of legal protcciion
granted lraniun students by the
U.S. None were, by any means.
ovcrly anxious to speak.

lior fear of rcpt'isul. tltcy rc-
qucstcd that tltcir real names not be
mcntionctl; tltcrcforc pseudonyms
are used in plucc.

Mahmoud (itirttvi htttcs tltc Shah.
And this lrunittn graduatc stttdcnl
nt SUNYA probably has every
reason to. For it was the powerful

rider who, (iaruvi bclicvcs, was
rcsponsihlc for having scvcrttl of his
fricnds, fellow students. and

rclntivcs qttictiy carted off to bc tor—
turcd and killed.

The commands of Snvak. tlic
Shah's sccrct policc. were always
cttrricti out iii a fttrtivc fashion. fix—
pluins (inruvi, “One day you would
noticc tlittt someone was not there
and nobody could protest. Mtllly
don‘t even know where the graves
of tltcir cltildrcn arc."

The mere thottght of such a death
machine is enough to friglttcn even
the most submissive. Miihinoud
said lllttt although he kept relatively
silent in his opposition to the
government. lie was scared that one
day he too could be tnkcn away.

 

it is maintained by this student.
and an overwhelming lllil]()l'lly of

DECEMBER 11, 1979

   
 

-tcuchin' scrvices iii return for tlic

Hall is not outfitted with an
elevator at a cost of 3300.000.

“Tltcrc is no way we can get the
futtdittg. attd there is no way tltc
corporation can exist without it."
Fattibenc said.

“We will gain a lot more by being
centralized itt Albany." he said.
Tltc move, he added. will enable tltc
group to mcct accessibility stati-
dards. in addition to tttaking it eligi-

blc for additional govcrittncm
funds by “tying ill with it student
program."

SUNYA Division of Performing
Arts Director Albcrt Ascrtncly said
the plan. if ttpprovctl, will bring the
sis-yenr-old tlictttcr group to
SUNYA for its Novcmbcr to March
season.

Ascrmcly said tltc thcutcr group
may provide sonic pttymcni or

irunittn civilians, that the Shah
stttckcd well over 70.000 such
dissenters in “sophisticated prisons
especially designed for Tchcran and
its suburbs." only to ltavc them all
cxtcrmintttcd shortly before he was
dcposctl. it incited Senator Edward
Kennedy to recently labcl it "one of
the most violent 'rcglmcs in me
history of mankind."

Garttvi. 40. workcd is yours for
the ifililiilll government. tcttching
pttblic administration to students at
Tehcrnti's Stutc Mttnttgcmcnt
Training Center. Under a govern-
ment fellowship. he come to
SUNYA five months ago on a three
ycttr program to widen his educa-
tion and obtain a doctoral ticgrcc.

liccttusc of his position itt iron,
(inrtivi said he was more awurc than
most of the inner workings of thc
systcm tllid the things that had bccn
inking plucc undcr tltc Shah for the
past few dccttdcs.

“i saw corruption. it political
vacuum. tutti an absolute dictator-
ship. During the Shah's rcgitnc.
agriculture and local industry unticr
thc name of modernization were
destroyed. The pcoplc rctnninctl
poor while the govct'nmcnt cott—
structctl buildings. prisons, and

huge sophisticated structures for
govcrnmcnt offices. The majority
(60 pcrccnl) of the country remain-
t.‘tl illitct‘tttc. Shah didn't do
anything good. in tcrms of rcztlily
—~ nothing. This could not go on."

lit light of cconotnic development
and wull-bcing. Ayatollah Kho-
tncini. lrun's rlcfut-to head ol'state,
has done very little. He has not suc-
cccdctl in bringing tltc lrnnian
economy back to prc-rcvolutionury
icvcls. industry is prcscntly
estimated to be operating at 40 per-
cent and unemployment remains at

25 percent. in the capital. the situa-

tion is further aggravated by the

mass migration brought about by
the revolution. Over one million
pcoplc have come to the city. bring.
ing the population up to as many as

5 million.

Garavi recognizes the currcnt tur»
mail in irttn but secs it as only tcm-
porary. Hc belicvcs ottcc the nation
creeps out frotn its revolutionary

a.

  

  cause. Maren.“ May a. m:  it

use SUNYA's facilities. However.
no agreement has been reached.

Asermely believes that the
group‘s location at the Performing
Arts Center will give the Theater
Department a boost.

“it will allow our students to
vori. with professional actors. it
w " ‘1"t..‘l ill'L‘tt audiences who have
no lit: to campus before, and it
will lliilh‘. the Pot forming Arts Divi-
sion a Vet) ’v'i profile tltctttcr." he
said. '

Ascrmcly added “there will
always be something going on" in
tlic Performing Arts Ccntcr if the
deal is approved. Tltc (irottp cnr-
rcntly presents fivc productions
during its five month season. with
ttmirtwitntncly twcnty—four pcrt‘or-
tnnnccs of each.

Performing Arts Association
tlircctor Rogct' Hcr/cl snid tlic stut-
tiiig of productions by the Cohoes
group will not conflict with
schedules of student productions.
which ordinarily run hel'orc
November and after March.

Fttttibcnc sttid he expects the ot-
tcntlttncc to remain stable if the pro~
poscd move goes through. explain—

ing that rclutivclv fcw of the annual
____c h

period. the situation im-
prove. He keeps in contact with his
family through letters. finding them
to be relatively culm about tlic
changcs.

“Generally they don't complain
and agree with what's happening
there. The old regime —— i doubt if

you cnn find anyone who supported
' l havo the same feeling llltlt

almost 37 million lrttttiutis “1ch.
The people who arc running lrttn
hich at least good will. You can't
compare it with the post."

Garuvi believes the majority of
lranians are not bothered by thc
elimination of bars. nightclubs. and
other areas of social entertainment.
all of which are taboo in Kho-
mcini's religious state.

“The majority are religious and
very few go to bars and clubs

tar vway. This is also the revolution

period and the people are concern—
ed with this now.”'

When Khomeini took power last
year, he ordered the deaths of close
to 600 people. presumably members
of Savnk and the Shah's order. But
Garavi says that this has all ended
now and is not a sign that the ruler
will also become a sort of absolute
dictator.

ALBANY srtibENT PRESS

 
 

the driver‘s side.

 

 

Smashed rWindow Injures

A SUN YA BusDriver

SUNYA bus driver William Cromic was struck by shattered glass
Saturday on his regular bus route uptown.

According to SUNYA Motor Pool Supervisor William Gathcn,
Cromic. driver of bus 47, was travelling on Perimeter Road at ap-
proximately 6 p.m.. when citlter a pellet or it stone hit the window on

(iathcn said tltc window cracked. leaving small particles of glass
on Ciomic. He added than tltc dri\cr was out injured and was releas-
cd shortly ttl'tcring cntcriug St. Peter‘s Hospital itt Albany.

There was illl ttpprmimntely 45-minute tlclny iii the bus schedule
hccuusc (‘romic's bus was missing from the driving pool.

L University Police are currently investigating the incident.

 

 

 

subscribers are Cohoes residents.
He added the group’s relocation
to thc SUNYA site will tint only iti-

surc accessibility but also will
t'clicvc tltc problems of poor
heating. uncomfortable and

obstructed seats and tltc luck of

SUNYA Iranians: Confronting The Issues

"Khomeini executed 600 people
who had killed an innocent 70.000.
Tltcy all got a trial — not the court
as you have here — but a rcvolu-
tionary court. Many of those of
Shah's litteiiigcncc admitted to be-
ing guilty. They knew they would
die bttt at the same time told tiic

t trutti‘ bcctutsc may trauma tlu'y

were wrong und ’wélv‘wnﬁ'nlhuiiutuu ' V

by the Shah's rcginic. Through the

mass media tntttty explained how

they torttircd mid killcd people.”
Garuvi was hesitant about speak-

  

A Trial Of Wills

iitg of tltc American hostages being
dctztinctl iii lrun btil said he believed
they would be free soon, unharmed.
Hc said he would have preferred to
see other methods used to protest
the actions of American Foreign
Policy.

“it was actually the actions of the
students. Rut the government has to
respond to the public. They cannot
100 percent control the student ac-
tions. The support by the govern-
ntcnt to hold those hostages is
because of anti-American feelings
in the whole country.”

(luravi said that the situation
could be resolved by negotiations
and by “both sides ttot behaving so
tough.“ His advice is to let the

 

 
 

working spucc for set building that
have plugnctl the theater group in
the post.

Ascrtncly says ltc expects a firtn
thClSlOll to be made by January. for
it projcctctl opening at the Perform-
lll' Arts Center ncx

   
   
    
   

politicist resolve the situation on
hcltnll‘mf the nations and to “be
more realistic. think more realistic.
and go deep into the situation."
"i try to have a realistic point of
view rather than be so emotional,
but can at least understand some
American feelings about tlic situa-

   

 

(Inrnvl, n prn'dtlclng Mosiem.
says he spcnds almost all of his time
studying and has little
room left iii his schedule to get in-
volved or talk to others about the
crisis. He says he has many
American friends tit SUNYA and
can understand thc nation's adverse
rcnctoiis and protests towards iran.

p’.~’c.’ul’ew

Abdul Yammin has been away
frotn his native irttn for thrcc ycars,
studying cconotnics at SUNYA.
Like Gartn'i. ltc spends most of his
time learning and conducting
research for a dissertation in
his field. Unlike his fellow stu—
dent. Yammin has little to look for-
ward to witctt and if he returns to
iron. His homeland has changed
“drastically” in that three year
span and Yammin doesn't know
what to expect. The nation is in the
peak of an economic disaster and is
ltcuding towards collapse. political
unity is abscnt, there has been a
sudden surge of religious zeal, and
iron is on tltc brink of war with the
United States. When Abdul Yarn-
tnin was growing up in Tchcran.
things were tnuclt calmer. He looks
toward rctttrtting with anxiety and
fear for his nation's futurc.

"Going back was ttot very op-
tional when i came: 1 itttettdcd to
study. complete my education. and
return. But the present and future

situations will affect my decisions. 1

will never be a religiotts person and

it wouldn’t be an easy life living in a

strict religious society if i want to

keep my style of living." .

Yammin has strong reservations
and doubts about a religion serving
as the backbone of every function
in lran.

“i did respect him (Khomeini)

e

 

  
 
 

 

 

