I.
5,
r' .
é
,,
l

 

x
f

 

 

 

 

 

(I CWQrId' news 1),

Wet Vet Alleged Traitor

BANGKOK, THAILAND U. S. Marine Robert R.
Garwood ﬂew out of Vietnam and headed home Thursday
after 13 years behind a curtain of secrecy in that war-tom
. land. He may face charges of collaboration with the enemy in
the United States. Pfc. Garwood. 33. of Greensburg, Ind..
refused to talk to reporters on arrival at Bangkok airport on a
regularly scheduled Air France ﬂight from Ho Chi Minh
City. formerly Saigon. He later was ﬂown aboard a U. S.
military transport to Okinawa. where he is to remain fora
few days. In Washington, Marine spokesman Lt. Col. Art
Brill said allegations against Garwood are being studied to
determine whether there should be a court martial. He said
the allegations include soliciting American combat forces to
throw down their weapons and refuse to ﬁght; attempting to
cause insubordination; disloyalty and refusal of duty among
fellow prisoners of war; suspicion of descrtion in time of war;
unlawful dealings with the enemy. and misbehavior while a
prisoner of war. If tried and convicted of all charges. Brill
said. Garwood could be sentenced to death. But he noted
there have been no executions of Marines before the turn of
the century. He said Garwood was advised of the allegations
and his rights. There was no elaboration on the allegations,
but the Marine Corps said some former POWs are amongthe
sources of information. Garwood. thin and about six feet
tall. wore sunglasses and had a flower in the buttonhole of his
sports shirt as he got off the commercial jetliner here and was
escorted through the crowd of reporters by U. S. Consul
Andrew Antippas. The ofﬁcial later told reporters, “I told
him that his lawyer doesn't want him to talk." The Marine
Corps said investigation into the allegations will follow
medical processing at Kuwae U. S. Naval Hospital on
Okinawa and that “a debrieﬁng is also planned” some time
next week.

Market Highest In 5 Months

NEW YORK (AP) The stock market overcame periodic
waves of resistance to reach a ﬁve-month high yesterday in a
busy session. After what one analyst called “the shootout at
860." the Dow Jones average of 30 industrials posted a 3.55
gain to 861.3l. its highest close since it ﬁnished at 866.34 last
Oct. 17. Several other market indicators also hit new 1979

 

 

highs. Volume on the Big
up from 31.12 million Wednesday. Although the Dow's girl: 1
failed to match the 7.45-point advance It chalked up in a
rally Wednesday, the session provrded considerable
excitement for many technical analysts.
,glatnor issues that led Wednesdays rally
ccount of themselves. Eastman
“Black & Decker added 5/8 to
Business Machines slipped 1/4 to
off 3/8 at 40 l/ 2. The daily tally an
two gainers for every issue t at
exchange's composite index added .26 to 57.09.

Board totaled 34.38 million shares,

2| 3/ 8, but International

Moynihan: KGB In UN

WASHINGTON (AP) The United Nations is on the
“domination” by Soviet spies, Sen. Daniel
Moynihan, D-N.Y.. a former U. N. ambassador,
House subcommittee Thursday. But Andrew Young. th
current U. S. ambassador to the United Nations.disagrced,
saying, “I don't think there's any increase in Soviet influence.

l don't think there's any danger of anybody’s agents
dominating the United Nations.” Moynihan said the United
States should use every means available to pressure the
Soviet Union to remove agents of the KGB. the Sovietl
intelligence service. from the personnel roster of the United
Nations. Young ansWered that when the FBI can prove
Soviet agents are using U. N. cover. those agents are either
expelled or arrested and prosecuted. Moynihan and Young
commented at a House hearing of the subcommittee on
international organizations which is considering proposals
to alter the United Nations. Moynihan said he had no reform
proposals to make. but he did have comments and
complaints. “The Soviets have been placing KGB agents in
the secretariat in direct violation of Article mo of the United
Nations Charter." Moynihan said. The article provides that
the international civil service of the United Nations will be
strictly neutral in all political issues. As evidence, Moynihan
cited the arrest by the FBI on espionage charges oftwo Soviet
members of the U. N. secretariat. They were accused of|
paying $16,000 for secret U. S. Navy antisubmarine warfare
documents. Both were convicted and later sentenced to 50
years imprisonment each.

11»: bluwhiP and ALBANY. NY (AP) Gov. Hugh Carey and the legislative
53W 5 mm" leaders met for two hours of budget negotiations yesterday,
Kodak “'33 “P I/2 I“ 65 but apparently made littleprogress toWards resolvinga series
of disputes which must be settled before the proposed $12.7
315 3/4 and humid “'3’ billion budget can be passed. Republicans and Democrats
lhc NYSE'hi’W‘d “my I alike came out of the meeting saying there were still
I0" 8‘°““d» and the disagreements over tax cuts, school financing. state aid to
local governments and other issues. The most serious of the

budget disputes —— over a bid to force a cutoff of Medicaid

funding of abortions for poor women —— is largely out of the

hands of Carey and the top leaders anyway, because they all

opose a cutoff. A rank-and-ﬁle movement over thw abortion

issue is widely expected to hold up passage of- parts or all of

the budget past the start of the new ﬁscal year next Sunday,

April I. Carey,th back from an unnounced trip to Florida,

val-g: of made another pitch for the budget pan as he presented it in
patrick February — including a modest new tax cut, a cut in state
(01d 3 revenuc’sharing aid to local
c redistribution of state school aid to beneﬁt poorer districts.

State Budget In Flux

governments, and a

Pope Goes To Poland

WARSAW, POLAND (AP) Pope John Paul II and Polish
Communist Party leader Edward Gierek will meet when the
pontiff visits Poland in June, a church source here said
Thursday. Rumors of a meeting between Gierek and the
Polish-born pope have circulated here for months. Gierek
paid a visit to Pope Paul VI at the Vatican in I977, a meeting
that resulted in vastly improved church-state relations in
communist and overwhelmingly Roman Catholic Poland.
The church source. who declined to be named. said the pope
ttnd Gierek would probably meet in Warsaw‘s reconstructed
royal castle. During his June 2-10 visit, the pope will be the
state guest of President Henryk Jablonski. Polish bishops
began a two-day conference Wednesday at which they Were
to discuss details of the visit. Vatican emissary Archbishop
Agostino Casnroli flew to Poland Thursday to discuss with
ofﬁcials of the Polish church and government ﬁnal
arrangements for the papal visit. which will take Pope John

 

 

Paul II to Warsaw. Gniezno, Clestochowa, and his former

archdiocese of Krakow. J

 

 

 

 

Be Advised

Get ready for next semester because pre-registration is
nearly upon us! Earlier this week. CUE (Center for
Undergraduate Education), released the Fall 1979 schedule.
The schedule is now posted on CUE windows. but will be
released into booklet form in the course of a few weeks.

April is the month for prc-registration. with graduate

students and continuing seniors beginning registration April
2 through the end of April 3. Next. Juniors register between
April 3 and April 6. with Sophomores starting on the 6th.
The following week. a semester break interrupts classes as
well as registration. but it continues on April 17 for
Sophomores until the 19th. Frerhman register April 20th
through April 30th.

Students are to be reminded that they must have their
advisors signature on their schedule cards. prior to
registration. Advisers at CUE suggest that students make
appointments with their advisors as soon as possible. for
according to a spokesman at Cue. “appointments are booked
up already."

Campus Crime Rising

Crime at SUNYA seems to be in an upward trend this
semester. According to the February Police report. offenses
increased 30 percent this month against February I978. In
addition to this startling fact, the value of stolen and
vandalized property totals over “0.000 for the months of
January and February I979. This is a sixty per cent increase
over the same two month period of I978.

The main vandalism problem deals with the abuse of
pinball machines, in that the UAS staff has reported a 300 per
cent increase over last year in damaged machines. In many
cases. the damage done to these machines in order to remove

 

 

food or money was so extensive that they are beyond repair.

Spring Fever

"Podiate" is again a common vocabulary Word at SUNYA
students as warm Weather has descended on Albany. Tired of
winter coats and hybcrnating inside. students are again
hitting the podium and quad areas. ﬁlling the air with music
and ﬂying frisbees.

The Podium. which has been ﬁlled to capacity the past few
days is once more transformed into a collection of studying.
sunbathing and “podiating” students. The podium. however.
is not complete without the fountains. According to
SUNYA‘s chief engineer. the fountains should go on
sometime in May.

Road Runner

Jogging. although an entertaining and healthful sport can
endanger lives when done on Perimeter Road. Perimeter
Road is narrow and at critical intersections, the vision of
drivers is obscured by trees. Fewjoggers at SUNYA seem to

realize that. unfortunately. the vehicles have the right of way

on the roadway. with the exception of entrance and exit I

points leading from interior roads and parking lots.

University Police advises students not to run on Perimeter
Road. Since the vision of drivers is impaired at certain
points. and the roadway is often congested, jogging on
Perimeter Road is illegal as well as dangerous.

Crude Fight

A viscious and massive food ﬁght ripped through Dutch
Quad cafeteria yesterday evening at approximately 5: l5 pm.
The ﬁght. which is assumed to have been planned. began
when about eight masked male students were let in a side
entrance. The masked men approached the salad bar.
gathered large quantities of salad materials and proceeded to
throw it at the capacity crowd. Simultaneously. several male
students seated in the back ofthe cafeteria also began flinging
the contents of their plates at the crowd.

Pandemonium then broke out as the students were
bombarded by food. One student said, “It was like a mini

‘Airport ‘77‘. people were running around screaming. hiding
under tables and running out of the cafeteria.“ As the ﬁght
continued. chairs were overturned, salad dressing. cottage
cheese and spaghetti sauce was sprayed over the newly
painted walls. and the UAS employees stood in awe. The

"masked marvels“ then ﬂed the scene.

Although the ﬁght lasted a brief one to two minutes. the
results were phenomenal. Food was everywhere. covering
people. floors. walls. and tables. UAS crews then roped the
hardest hit areas, (the entire center and front areas). moved
the salad bar to the front and began the uphill work of‘
And there was much to be done as many
sludents hadjust left their trays at their places and ﬂed when

cleaning up.

the ﬁght was at its peak.

It is not known who the masked food ﬁingers were and

there are mixed views about which quad they came ft .1.

However. their work was more than evident. And as one
UAS employee stated, “I have worked in this cafeteria for
two years and I have seen quite a few food ﬁghts but never

one as bad as this."

 

Gsmya news briefs y

 

“yew

 

t

 

 

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

MARCH 23. I979

 

 

 

bv Nllehele Israel

Central Council has reconsidered
and once again defeated a proposed

bill that would prevent PLO member
and Permanent Observer to the
U.N.. Zehdi Labib Terzi from
speaking for payment.

The bill. introduced last
Wednesday by Central Council
member Andy Bickwit, was
reconsidered Wednesday night after
the council was informed by Council
member Gary Schatsky that Terzi
was willing to speak without a
payment.

Central Council Chair Dave
Ruffo explained that the bill was
reconsidered based on the new
ﬁnancial information. "The bill
was defeated a second time because a
contract had already been made
between Speakers Forum and ISA
and could not be broken. If the
contract was broken. Speakers
Forum‘s policies would be in
question." said Ruffo.

A substitute bill was proposed by
Central Council member Cindy
Grcisdorf which suggested that an
admission charge be used to fund the
speaker rather than student tax.

According to the Chair of the
Finance Committee Steve Coplon.

Council Votes To Pay-Terzi $400

 

Upholds Last Week's PLC Decision'

Greisdorf‘s proposal did not meet
the regulations of the Finance
Policy. which states that any event
must be paid for by 8“
appropriated line and not by
incoming funds.

According to Speaker Forum
member Pete Michaela. an oral
contract had been made and could
not be broken.

“Bhanu had contacted us before
about other speakers, so we trusted
him this time. Never before has the
Central Council checked on the
contracts made in Speakers Forum.“
said Michaels.

Schatsky said he had spoken to
International Student Association
(ISA) and Forum Committee
member Bhanu Das on the subject of
Tcrzi's payment.

According to Schatsky. Das
originally said Terzi would speak for
nothing but that Das would reqUest

a $l00 to $200 honorarium or a
reward for recognized services. Das
then asked Speakers Forum for
$2000. explaining to Schatsky that
Terzi was worth a large amount of
money. Schatsky also said Das had
not spoken to Terzi. that Do: had
suggested his own price.

“Because Bhanu denied his
statements, I needed more evidence.
So. lwentto the source —-the PLO."
said Schatsky.

Schatsky contacted the PLO
headquarters in New York City.
identifying himself as a student from
Binghamton because the Albany
issue was already known to them.

"I asked the booking agent ifTerzi
would speak for free. The reply was
that he could speak for free; that he
had spoken for free before. If there
was a problem. there would be no
need to pay.“ explained Schatsky.

Schatsky said that Das did not

Tailor Says Inflation Hits Hard

by David Osborn

From his small tailor shop sunk in
below the street level on State Street.
Joe Amore was telling a visitor why
he thought a raise in SUNY tuition
was justiﬁed. Up the hill a bit.
speeches blared from microphones
arguing the opposite viewpoint and
scant echoes of the powerful voices
drifted into the shop like the sound
of a plane far away.

“Well maybe the amount of the
rise is a too much.” he saidthrougha
dccp Italian accent Wednesday
afternoon. “From what you say that
be a 20 percent rise and that too
much. But a lower rise would be
okay. I feel sorry for the kids and all
but inflation. it hit us all and
everybody gotta share it you know."

Amore seemed sudde..ly
interested in the subject and he
hurriedly grabbed a piece of paper
and began to mix ﬁgures. Towards
the back of the shop an older man
with slick silvery hair sat in an oak
chair. He was busy sewing a blue
pair of pants. The shop was empty of

 

PAGE THREE

v

t'slﬁzruuit't
,,. ..

customers and the bright sun outside
sent two streaks oflight through the
faded windows that split the shop
and illuminated the dust.

“I don‘t know what you mean."
the silver-haired man said. “I no
been out since this morning. 8
o'clock it was. People always yelling
up there. Something new everyday.
One day this, next day that. My boy
was a real-smart and he went to
famous school at New Haven for
free. I know nothing else about this
stuf ."

A man. tall and stocky. entered
the shop and placed his grey jacket
on the counter and asked Amore to
repair the hole on the right sleeve.
After customer and merchant had
exchanged a few remarks over the
price. Amore took thcjacket. hungit
up overhead and flipped throughthe
pages of a black-covered price
booklet.

"You see here. " Amore said.
pointingto a $2l.50 sign crossed out
in favor ofu $23.50 price. “Last year
I could give it to him for the lower

Pierce Hall Is the oldest of the downtown dorms ”

L'Vltt'rc is rim/wrath!" twat-mint: tltllt'l living: regulations.

price but now I gotta charge higher.
You know the problem with the
inflation is everybody wanta too
much. They want 'I‘V‘s and vacuums
and this and that. prices, they have to
go up for everything."

The customer said he has two kids
in the SUNY system and he would
rather see the increase dropped but
he said if it passed he‘d pay it. he had
no choice. “Listen it stinks all over."
he’ said while leaving. “I'm a poor
slob trying to make a living and pay
bills and you‘re a poor slob trying to
pay for college; you just can‘t win."

While a new speakeraddressed the
crowd up the block and proclaimed.
“Maybe Governor Carey doesn‘t
hear us when he goes out and spends
l.4 million for a new helicopter."
Amore returned to a workbench. He
took out a razor blade and
sharpened a slab of white chalk to
make a clearer mark on the coat. He
was told that Carey had promised to
keep tuition stagnant.

“Then he simply a liar," Amore
continued. "The politicians they all

ALE Is For SUN YA Co-op Life

by Wendy Greenﬁeld

This is the second in a series of
articles on different living
environment: available to the on-
rampus student. The series will also
include the Wellington and Pittman
Hall. '

Dorm residents in Pierce Hall and
the top two floors in Dutch Quad‘s
Stuyvesant Tower label their dorm
"ALE" (Alternate Living
Environment) instead of the quiet
dorm of quiet section.

Pierce. the oldest ofthe downtown
dorms built in I935. has been called
the “Quiet Dorm" for four years.
Although years ago it was a graduate
dorm. Pierce is now made up of
about 100 mostly undergraduate
residents. According to Director of
Residences John D. Welty. a
proposal for next year may make the
ﬁrst ﬂoor of Brubacher Hall a quiet
section and Pierce a regular dorm.
Welty said this has not yet been
approved.

Pierce is no ALE dorm because it
follows the “precepts of cooperative
living." according to Alumni Quad
Coordinator Liz Radko. “There is
cooperation among dorm residents

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 . mega  it."‘.!'«l«

speak about the cost of the Iranian
speaker.

Das said that he had contacted
Terzi's secretary who suggested that
the speaker should receive an
honorarium.

"The secretary explained that
Terzi had received different
honorarium: from other
universities. She said she would like
an honorarium similar to the
amounts Albany had given to past
speakers. especially those in high
positions." said Das.

Das said that he discussed a price
with ISA and the Forum Committee
and decided to average together the
prices of other speakers. such as the
SILOOO for Ali and the $3000 for
Abba tiban. The group arrived at a
rough estimate of $2000 in the form
of an honorarium. “The ISA felt the
PLO deserved more than the other
speakers." said Das.

Das said that he told Schatsky
about both the Iranian and PLO
speakers, explaining that the
speakers may or may not require an
honorarium. The Iranian speaker
received 4 $400. rather than the
requested sum of $1000.

Das said that he made the issue
clear to Schatsky. “It could not have
been a misunderstanding between
us. Schatsky singled out the PLO.
He is clearly biased. He has either
concocted the entire story or has just
raised a ﬁscal problem with the PLO
and not the Iranians.” said Das.

Dastold the councilthat Terzi had
a visa to speak in SUNYA. A Jewish
Students Coalition (JSC) member
then informed council members that
Terzi did not have permission from
the State Department in
Washington, D. C. to speak.

Das then explained that Terzi had
a visa for the original April 3 date
but that the university changed the
date to April l7. Terzi must now
apply for a new visa. According to a
Federal Law, a PLO member is not
allowed to travel 15 to 25 miles. try
from the U. N. without a visa.

Co—chair of Students for Israel
Rebecca Weinberg said she had

continued on page/ire

To Joe Amore. a tuition hike ls inevitable.
"...you 'rt' 0 [mm .rlub trying to pay for college... "

liars cvcrywhcrc. They have to raise
their own salaries all the time and
give themselves the big pensions. oh
those big pensions. 'Iltey all makes
promise when they want votes. Back
n my home country Italy. the

concerning quiet living regulations,"
'tudko said.

Similar to the alternate living
t-nvironmcnt in Indian Quad's 4+2.
Pierce is self-governed by the dorm
residents. There are Towne Meetings
once every 3 or 4 weeks. A ten
member Towne Hall Council meets
once a week to plan dorm activities
and to manage ﬁnancial affairs. The
body of Towne Hall Council
changes each semester. There is a
judicial board which handles such
matters concerning the rules and
regulations of courtesy hours when
the dorm must be quiet.

Alexis Kriedman. a transfer
student who requested to live in
Pierce claimed she is happy there.
“People are cooperative here."
Kriedman said. “although it's not as
quiet as I‘d like it to be." She said the
dorm is quiet compared to other
dorms. ,

Bill Newman. a sophomore and
Pierce resident for two years said. “I
love itl I wouldn‘t live anywhere else
except off campus." Newman also
agreed that the dorm is quiet and
cooperative. “There is a lot ofspirit.
We're like a family.“

politicians are even worse liars. it not
as bad here."

On a wall nearby a story from the
Times-Union. calling Amore the
ﬁnest authentic tailor in the Capitol

continued on page seven

W

Freshman Rhonda Tompkins and
sophomore Mario Genevese are
happy with the dorm although they
did not choose to live there. “It's not
quiet but it's not that noisy." said
Tompkins. “I want to live here next
year."

Pierce's only study lounge aptly
called the Pine room because of its
freshly pine paneled walls is most
deﬁnitely a place which lures one
into studying. The orangy-yellow
walled room is quaintly decorated
with a large. round table. desks and-
chairs, an oldvfashioned lovesetst.
and ﬁve or six lamps or lights both
stationary and hanging. A I927
portrait of Anne Pierce hangs from
one of the pine walls. The study
lounge hasjust the right atmosphere
for reading a book or perusing
through notes. Freshman Seth
Miller said. “This is one place where
everyone in the dorm knows to be
quiet."

In the basement of the dorm n
hubbub of young children playing
and havinga good time cunbe heard.
This is the Pierce Hall Day Care
(‘enter run by parents and teachers.

continued on page sew"
I

 

MARCH 23, 1975' '

sum 1;.

 

<3» -»-»gw:.e..u—._a u‘lﬂvﬂy-.‘. ‘ ' '  '

 

