_A_’—r‘:e~’~r-~— ~—A~ _-~ _

"1,. . «no,
"MW-y. .. V . g,

4‘

 

 

Indian Ouad Board Presents:

ﬂlbanu State
Championship Boxing

Illednesdau, Hpril 4, 8:00 pm

Indian Quad Cafeteria

Karate Exhibition
Proceeds go to Telethon
50‘ w/tax card
15‘ ur/a

SH funded

 

 

Class of "@2 processors

Sat. April 28.1979

Leaving Circle 9 am
Leaving Boston 12 midnight

Cost: $9.50 Freshman (dues paying
tax card holders)

51 1.50 All others

Tickets on  in CC [Lobby Wed. [Merrill it '

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

at8l’MinLC24.

THE COUIBE!
The HUMAN SEXUALITY I’IDGRAM is pleased to announce
its course offering for the Fall ’79 semester.

There will be a mandatory orientation and information session for all those
interested in learning more about the course sequence, on TUESDAY, AI’IIL 3

This course is not open to graduating seniors.

Men, women, minorities, gay men and women, and the disabled are all
encouraged to attend the info session and pre-register for the course

This course has been designed by students for YOU

IOIN US!

’

 

 

 

 

5"?"5 “ct-ins Bu Globe Theatre  

Henry James said that Henrik Ibsen
“kneads the soul of man like a paste, and
often with a rude and undelicate hand to
which the soul of man objects," Stuart
Vaughn‘s version of Hedda Gab/er.
presented last Friday in the PAC, was a
most delicately balanced blending of
souls, dominated by the tormented
Hedda, who seemed to have kneaded her
own soul to a runny consistency.

Gail Meyermann

The character of Hedda is a
paradoxical union of desire and disgust,
power and passivity. introspection and
interference. Ibsen's portrait of Hedda
rests in a shade ofambiguity so dark that
she has been subject to dozens of
interpretations, ranging from the
brazenly unsympathetic to the
compassionate in the 80 odd years since
the drama's first performance. As Sharon
Laughlin played her, Hedda emerged a
sinuously sinister woman. spoiled, yet
unfulfilled, and starving for a morscl of
meaning in her uneventful, elegant life.

As she fumbles for meaning, men that
she touches seem to emerge from her
shadow into a ludicrous light. She is
married to George Tesman, a “sissy-
bookworm." who is oblivious to his
present surroundings. Tesman is
cnraptured by his pursuit for knowledge
concerning middleagccottagcindustries,
his field of expertise.

While her husband watches with his
characteristic blindness to worldly
matters, she is pursued by Judge Brack,a
tastefully lecherous pillar of the
community renowned for his lively stag
parties. The other man in her life. Eilcrt
Lovborg, she alternately desires and

 

detests, and ultimately urges him to use
her pistol to “die beautifully.” Much to
her disappointment, his death rcstilis
from the receipt of a bullet in the bowels
at a local house of ill-repute. Upon
hearing the news, in a moment of
despairing insight, she observes “Oh,
ludicrousness and meanness lies like a
curse on everything 1 so much as touch."

Her meanness should be nowhere more
pronounced than in her selfish
relaiionship with Thea Elvstcd. Thea has
the potential to be all that Hedda is not,
though in the overpowering presence of
Sharon Laughlin, Anne Thomson‘s
characteriiation of Elvsted seemed a
triﬂe limp.

Not strong enough to counteract
Hedda as a well-matched foil, Thea does
emerge morally superior to the socially
superior Hedda. Superficially timid in
the face of Hedda's wild fluctuations.
including a mad threat to burn off her
hair. Thea has the courage to defy
convention and leave her husand for the
sake of her lover, Lovberg. In contrast,
Hedda has no respect for her husband.
yet is shackled so strongly to boredom
and convention that for the most part she
lives vicariously.

Hedda wants desperately to influence a
human fate. as Thea has by reclaiming
and inspiring the genius of Lovbcrg, yet
she is only able to influence by
destruction. first by destroying Lovberg‘s
manuscript—Theirs child~—--and then by
trying to destroy Lovberg. Throughout
the drama, she continually clutches her
abdomen as if trying to snatch away the
life within. destined to be herchild. While
'I‘hca can live after Lovhorg‘s death.
inspired by her mission to reconstruct his
work. Hedda can see no goal remaining

but death. Only in her death is her desire
ﬁnally matched by her capabilities.

The audience at Friday night‘s show
was well-acquainted with Hedda Gabler.
Anticipating incidents before they were
fully developed. the audience chuckled in
expectation as Tesman‘s matronly Aunt
Julia tried to wheedle the news of
Hedda‘s pregnancy out of her
shallowbrained nephew. They were
appreciatively attuned to Ted Graeber‘s
marvelous caricature of the befoggcd
professor, a fellow especially proud ofhis
skills in collating and organizing other
people's papers; and they reveled in
Hedda‘s intrigues. judiciously pursued

'within sight and earshot of her

unsuspecting husband.

The foundations of the play are
triangles — built of the relationships
between Brack. Hedda. and Tesman w
with Brack. Hedda. and the audience
sharing in the innuendos ofa secret scorn
for Tcsman‘s scholarly pursuits; and on
the relationships between Hedda.
Lovborg. and Thea A with Lovborg and
Hedda's playing upon each other’s
jcalousies. using Thea as their unknowing
pawn and the audience as their knowing
springboard.

It was necessary for the audience to
interact with the players intimately. for
the complexities of the drama demanded
individual interpretation. Unlike so
many of Ibsen‘s compelling social
cornmentaaics. Hut/(Ia (r'd/r/r-r does not
bombard the viewer repeatedly with an
obvious moral dilemma and an equally
obvious, though wrenching. resolution.
llmlrlri (fab/er is a multi-faccted drama.
imbued with so many t'athomlcss
shadows that when presented well. as it
was on Friday evening. the events

portrayed leave the audience free to I
explore its obscurities individually. ’
Hedda Gabler 'beckoned all in the
audience' differently, yet probed all
deeply.

The actors of the New Globe Theatre

‘were almost uniformly superb. but their

approaches to characterization we're far
from uniform. Vera Myers, Ted Graeber,

and Stuart Vaughan stretched the

characters' of Julia Tesman, George
Tesman. aad Judge Brack to the point

that they became caricatures of’
themselves. Julia was the most bungling

and boorish of bumble-headed

professors; and Jude Brack was the most

two-faced of publicly prominent and

privately perverted personalities we have

seen since the dramas of the Nixon White

‘House.

Peter Philips projected a startlingly
confident presence as Eilcrt Lovborg,
demanding attention by his very
presence. and he painted Lovborg‘s
consequent deterioration in such bold
strokes that he tirade it impossible for the
audience to avert their eyes in sympathy.
Hedda was similarly bold, yet Sharon
laughlin so deftly tempered her power
with a fatal apathy that her personality
defies description.

In light of the quality ofthe acting and
thc audience‘s interaction with the
players, it was a surprise that the drama
ended without a standing ovation orevcn
a second curtain call. Perhaps it was the
individtiality of their responses which
prevented a unity ol'audience neclaim at
the play‘s conclusion. In any event.
Friday evening‘s performance of Her/(la
(iah/r'r was a professional presentation
worthy of more acclaim than it originally
received at SUNYA.

 

Italian American Studies
Register Now For Fall 1979
In The

Italian-American
Experience

Tuesday 5:45 - 8:35

Guest Lecturers

(‘acsar Augustus Carrino, Dean - Ackron University
lion. Dominic Gabricli, Supreme Court Judge

Prof. Frank Femminclla, SUNYA

l’rof. Anthony Gisolfi. Emeritus SUNYA

I’rof. Luciano lorizzo. Author

Prof. James Mancuso, SUNYA

(ITA) 213

3 credits

2" Central Ave.

POLICE
“()uthindos D'Aniour"

Albany, N.Y. 434-0085

TUBES
"Remote Control"

4‘.”

This course is offered by the Department of Counseling Psychology and
Student Development as a result of the cooperative efforts of
Student Association, Planned Parenthood, and the Office of

the Dean for Student Affairs.
  I g , mm. 1979

Prof. Eugene Mirabelli, SUNYA
Rev. Christopher Peck
Rev. Dwight Smith, SUNYA

SUPERTRAMP SAD CAFE "
“Breakfast In America" “Misplaced Ideals

 

Sale ends Apnil 7.

 

SA Funded

 

 

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

