 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
 

"Last night in the middle of ti dream. I started
thinking ‘bout Russian Hill. Ferllnghetti with
his Carley Island Mind. . . It's not the singer.
it’s the tune."

by Button Gwinnett R' Mcaui'm

And so it was. as i lay sleeping, a dream
came upon me. It was a normal kind of
nightmare. not the kind brought on by the
ingestion of mind debilitating hallucinogens.
Not the Freudian prancing of spongy twinkies
who spew their luscious cream ﬁllings over
donuts of diverse varieties. The nocturnal
episode which snuck up on me was a mere
nightmare. >

They were after me. The Furies. or the Nine
Sisters of Despair. or even the Brown Shirts of
Security. ldon‘t know. but they had guns. I‘m
sure they did. they ﬁred three misses and I was
running scared. I ran and ran. knowing that if
i allowed myself to be caught it would be

horrible -— too horrible to contemplate.
Suddenly. I found myselfin a lounge on State
Quad. Quickly. l scurried my ass into a room.
slammed and locked the door tight. I could
hear them poundingand shoutingon the other
side trying to get in. The fear ‘started
mounting. I looked out the window. They
were down there watching me. The fear
became uncontrollable as another feeling
surfaced: l was trapped‘.~ Four walls, one door,
or along way down out the window. Boxed in
like a Skinner Rat with only one choice. one
door. All of them out there after me. Now,

   

   

safe, safe for a while. but I knew I'd have to
face them sooner or later. I couldn't stay in my
sanctuary forever.

I had to escape, but how? Give up? Face up
to reality and get it over? Many thoughts raced
through my mind as I stood there. Finally, I
decided on a course of action. 1 was going to
laugh in the face of reality. i looked through
the window at the long drop down. swallowed
hard. and grabbed myself by the shoulder. ,
Forcefully. I shook myself awake.

Calmly. now. I thought about the
predicament i had left them in. Waiting for me
to make the next move in a game I was no
longer playing. They were gonna wait a long
time. I laughed at the image of them with their
big guns banging at the door while darkness
comes on. Their wives waiting at home with
cold suppers and colder glances. . . Left atthe
altar. i guess. '

Soon. l fell back asleep and had a ﬁne
dream about the Washington Monument and
the Holland Tunnel. The Washington
Monument. it seems, was quickly erected and
struck by lightning fairly often. while the
Holland Tunnel was slowly traversed and
inevitably tied up with these incredible trafﬁc
jams. After a while. they managed to work up '
a mutual agreement and everything came out
quite pleasing. indeed.

I sure am glad Spring is here. It‘s been way
too long in coming. And so it is. as I lay
sleeping in the hibernations of winter, Spring

came upon me and gave me the fe-ever.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

comment

 

 

 

 

 

If
/

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Not Nice to Nice

  
  
  
  
  
  

To the Editor:

i would like to bring to your attention a very
thoughtless and unjust budget cut for next
year. lam currently participating inthe SUNY
Albany/Universite de Nice program in Nice.
France. This is a two semester program
.-.ponsored by our Ofﬁce of International
Studies. The program is the only one of its
kind in the entire SUNY system; we attend
classes at the university here. and not in an
institute for foreign students. and in this way
we have more of an idea of French university
life than students from other programs. Plus.
we have a better opportunity to meet
francopliones. and thus a better chance to

TH6 6w.

 

 

 

 

 FEIFFER

 

 

 

 

    

 

improve our language levels.

The program is supervised by Mme. Doina
Laroque. an English phonetics professor at
the University of Nice. In her role as director.
Silt: also acts as academic advisor and personal
counselor. Nobody has ever done so mueh in a
part—time position. i am sure. and with such
efﬁcacy.

if the program is so flawless, why is it being
cut'.’ Lack of interest on the part of the student
body. l am told. We have space for thirty
students and we only have eleven. Entry tothe
program was based on evaluative tests.
academic record. and an interview. The
program was not geared to the student with a
background in French who sincerely wants to
better his or her knowledge of the language.
but to the high-achieving French major.
Albany just doesn‘t have enough students in

(QAkllAld OIL.

ﬁrst nan mm )VADIMVF In:
MORE
OF
FULlTlCﬁL
WlSC‘UEE'E

  

 

this category. I was hesitant abont applyingto
the program myself —— obviously.
international Studies‘ bark is worse than its
bite. as I was accepted.

The University of Vermont has a similar
program to this —— in fact. we share an ofﬁce.
They have over thirty students on their
program. Very few are French majors, and
about half arrived here with very low levels in
French. They can all communicate quite well
in French now.

Albany State can't afford to run the Nice
program for so few students, and
International Studies can‘t be bothered to
inspire interest among the “common board."

Just out of curiosity. how much money was
allotted in the budget a few years ago to come
up with a newvlogo?

—- Carol Skolnick
Exchange Student. Nice

Alarming Rate

To the Editor:

Buzz. Buzz, Buzz, Buzz, it's got to stop
ringing soon. Maybe if you cover your head
with'your pillowand curl up inthe closet you'll
be able to sleep through it. Bang, comes a
knock on the door. It's your RA who has the
unfortunate duty of rousing you and getting
you out of the building. It's your fourth false
alarm in as many days and you have a midterm
tomorrow. You get up cursing the people who
pull these things and you wonder if they will
ever learn to leave the fire boxes alone.

Recently. the University administration.
sensing the epidemic proportions in which
false alarms have begun to occur. has begun to
crack down on lawbreaking students caught
tampering with the alarms. Two students on
State Quad were ﬁned several hundred dollars
while one on Indian and on Dutch respectively
was arrested. The Administration‘s policy is
now to seek the maximum penalty against
anyone caught pulling a false alarm.

Of course the Administration alone cannot
stop false alarms. it is up to all members ofthe
university community to bring an end to this
annoying and dangerous problem. Perhaps if
the false alarm pullers realized the potentially
hazardous situation they are creating by
tampering with these safety devices they
Would stop abusing them. For example. the
more false alarms that a dorm has. the less
likely it becomes that. in the event of a real ﬁre.
people will take the alarm seriously. Some

- students might even choose to ignore the

alarm completely. and merely hide in their
rooms until the alarm stops ringing.
Seemingly students also seem to forget that
dorm ﬁres do occur because they are so rare.
Fires in dorms do occur, such as the one in a
Providence. RI College where a number of
students lost their lives in a dorm ﬁre. Also

OUR
ALL MOST

"" ‘9'?" 155%

 

. or W
saver 5021762,

SUNY at Binghamton had a ﬁre last semestu
which caused serious damage. A fire in a
residence hall is then a Very real possibility.
Thus when false alarm pullers realize not
only do they themselves face a stiff penalty,
but they also endanger the lives of their fellow
dorm members and friends perhaps they will
discontinue abusing the alarms. Then no one
will ever have to worry before going to sleep
about being awakened for anythingless than a

real ﬁre.
—- An Indian Quad Resident

Say No

To the Editor:

Although we believe that all people should
have the right of free speech. We must pron-tr
the funding of a PLO speaker with student tax
dollars. Our complaint is not whether or our
an organization or a representative of a
government should speak. but the Cirillplltllll
is that Zehdi Labib 'l'erzi is a representative of
a terrorist organization. We feel than it l\ our
duty to speak out against any terrorist
organization whether it is PLO. Jl)l.. FALN,
or any other group that uses violence as it
means to reach its goal.

First of all, it is our opinion that the Pl.()
does not have a valid reason for existence.
When lsrael became a state. many
Palestinians left the land at the urging ol‘orlm
Arab leaders. Although we are Willing to
admit that Israel did not actively prevent them
from leaving. they did not force the
Palestinians to flee.

The UN Partition resolution provided for
two distinct nations, Palestine and Israel, llnd
Israel was willing to accept this decision. It
was the Arab nations that were unwilling to
abide by the UN's ruling.

Even with the evacuation of Palestiniansto
other countries no problem should lure
arisen. The refugee camps should not hot
been necessary. since Palestinians are
culturally and ethnically so similar to othtr
Arabs that they could have easily been
absorbed into the mainstream of Arnb life. It
was the other Arab nations that prt'vr'nlt'tl
this. Furthermore. when said Arab powers
administered Palestinian territory. they made
no attempt to establish Palestinian autonomy.
They created a situation in which the
Palestinians became political pawns It) be used
as a weapon against Israel.

The Palestinians who ﬂed from ls‘riicl ill‘clil
impoverished refugee camps; although the UN
has tried to improve conditions. the Arab
governments have preVented this. 'lhoss
Palestinians who remained in Israel. however.
experienced it higher standard of living than
their counterparts in the Arab world.

 
   

 

 

 

 

(

 

 

 

 

Jewish nationalistic feelings rose out of the
sufferings of the Holocaust. In the same way.
Palestinian nationalism has arisen from their
sufferings in the refugee camps. Therefore. we
do not deny their right to their own country.
What we do protest. however. is the PLO‘s
belief that the only way to achieve this goal is
through the destruction of the State of Israel;
Israel has the same right to existence as the
Palestinians.

Second, we protest the use of terrorism to
achieve this goal. There have been
comparisons between the PLO and the
Haganah; it is our own belief that the
Haganah and other organizations were not
terrorist organizations. The Haganah was an
army which only attacked military bases; any
loss of civilian lives was accidental. The PLO.
however. has as its basis for existence the
death of civilians through violence and acts of
terrorism. By being the spokesman for
Palestinian refugees. the PLO is destroying
every chance of achieving an independent
Palestine. Israel will not negotiate with
terrorists.

We therefore feel that the PLO speaker
should not be funded with studenttax dollars.
since that action would be condoning an
organization that. by their own admittance.
depends on terrorism.

ﬂ Robin Cohen
Rhonda Greenbcrg

A Guilded Cage

To the Editor:

While the controversy over the PLO
speaker reported and editorialized on in the
ASP may appear to have been resolved. in
reality this apparently has not been the case.
The International Students Association (ISA)
has. it is true, gotten some funding for this
speaker but evidently under a set of
administrative restraints that serve. for all
intents and purposes. to unduly limit their
right to free speech.

According to a member of the ISA with
whom I had an opportunity to speak. the
University is placing the following constraints
on this event:
l.That it be held offthe main campus. in Paige
Hall. although there are rooms available
uptown;

2. that it be restricted exclusively to the
University community; and

3. that University Security would have to
conduct body searches of those attending.

If this is indeed the case. then the effects of
such measures Would be quite obvious.
especially in keeping people away from the
activity and, in fact, in creating the very
tensions these actions are supposed to be in
response to. The locale is an inconvenience.
the restricted participationexcludes the public
that pays for SUNYA and our colleagues in
nearby colleges. and the body searches are
intimidating.

Mr. Labib Terzi. the PLO speaker. has. as
far as I know. spoken recently at Columbia
and other schools without incident. It also
seems clear that the intent of his talk will be to
rirguc the Palestinian case and not to incite
people to violence. Where, therefore. does the
basis for the extraordinary requirements
imposed by the University Administration
stem from‘.’

it appears that there are some people who
are not happy with the PLO's position and
tactics and who have tried to undermine this
event by the use of veiled threats and
riiisreprcsenting the facts pertaining to its
funding. lithis is the basis for the University‘s
restrictions then it seems that the
Administration is allowing a small number of
people to distort the rights of the ISA and the
rest of the community to have the free choice
of hearing or not hearing the views of the

PLO. ‘

In relation to all this. it is interestingto note
that this is the IOIh anniversary of the
Supreme Court's landmark Tinker decision
Supporting students‘ freedom of speech in
public schools. In this and other cases that
followed. the Court established that more
thanthe ex carhedra pronouncement of school

"/a—a

authorities is required to establish that there

would be disruption in a situation such as this
one. From the evidence, the basis for the
SUNYA Administration's intuition of
impending disruption and violence is
unsupportable. it could happen. but then this
would be true of any other activity in the
school that would be, in the slightest.
controversial.

Clearly. this PLO incident highlights the
fact that a proforma granting of funds f or this
activity and “allowing” Mr. Labib Terzi to
speak here do not. in themselves. mean that an
individual's or a group‘s rights have been fully
recognized. Tire University has gone on to
interpret the implementation ofthese rights in
such a way as to undermine them in the end.
The insidiousness of such a practice by this
institution of higher education needs to be
understood and put an end to.

I mean. ifl decide to do so. I want to be able
to go and hear the PLO speaker without
having some security guard feel me up as I
walk in. i mean, that's really tacky.

W Angelo Falcon

One For All?

To the Editor:

()ii Friday afternoon. idccidcd to”podiute“
after a relaxing game oftcnnis. When I walked
to the pool area near the lecture centers. I was
shocked by the amount of beer bottles and
newspapers lying on the ground. I saw at least
ten students leave over twenty beer bottles in
the pool area. There was a receptacle only
thirty feet away but not one of these students
bothered to get off his (her) ass and throw his
(her) shit into a garbage can.

This incident illustrates the lack of social
consciousness amongst college students in the
l970’s. Undoubtedly. those morons near the
lecture centers never heard nor cared about
Earth Day in I970 when many college students
took grass roots action to try to save the
environment. It seems students of the late
l970‘s don't care about anything except
Accounting 21 l. Afterall. debits and credits
are much more important thanthe guy next to
you who is forced to look at the garbage you

 

 

leave behind.

Contrary to popular belief. the seventies is
not the "me" decade. It‘s the “fuck the other
guy" decade.

m Ronald Turteltaub

Save the Silver

To the Editor:

Cafeteria workers and concerned students
beware! Fellow students are beginningto plan
their moves to apartments and need cheap
place settings for their kitchens. They see no
better way to get veryinexpensivc dinnerware
than to steal from UAS.

I know an ambitious drinker who wants It
set ofjiiice glussesfor parties. These glassesare
excellent. large shot glasses. I wonder how
much 20 gl' .' 5 cost UAS'!

Then there are those students who steal
silverware. use it. andthen throwit away. This
is wasteful. lazy. and wrong.

Something is amiss in the moral strength oi
those who feel this theft is justified. No one
owns those utensils. l'vc heard too many
nllldclilb bitch about the crummy service and
hick ol glasses. bowls. plates. etc. but these
silldctllb are the some ones who steal. thus
contributing to IJAS problems. Stop this
stealing.

 

Name withheld
Mostly Moved?
Partly Peaved?
Urgently Upset?
Write to the ASP

Just A Little Fun '

God bless us, we have senses of humor. We can laugh at each other
and at ourselves, and smile together in our private little jokes and
downright funny sights, relaxing with the escape of cracking a smile and
making it all OK. Humor sustains us.

We exist here to add a little something to your college life: A
newspaper produced for you, your very own, twice a week. Today, that
little something happens to be comedy, in celebration of a rare day
indeed, April Fool's Day. On one day a year. we have permission to be a
kid again, an excuse to have some fun.

And that’s what we have done here. We have had, quite simply, a
pisser of a time putting a special April Fool’s edition together for you.
Read over its pages, and smile if the urge comes upon you, laugh at will,
and enjoy it to the hilt.

Take none of its words seriously; take no offense. Every otherday of
the year, this newspaper is willingly and lovineg held strictly
accountable for all of its words printed. but for this special issue, it was
done for the laughs only.

We have been brash and brazen, and if you‘ve been chosen by one of
our wild and crazy writers as a victim in a story, then consider yourselfa
star for the day. and take it in the good spirits it is sent with. The key
word is fun. Need we say more...

...And speaking of fun. there is none in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.
but there is in Vegas, and people are starving in Nigeria. but people are
fat in Miami. The world is definitcly—--messed--—up, and there‘s very
little either you or we can do about it. Consequently, we can only smile.
and make do, and that's exactly what we try to do. But today, and today
only, we can forget about the making do part, and concentrate purely
on the smile. (Well. not really - there is a real issue somewhere in here).

April Fools! (It's actually April 3, and the real editorial is in the fake
issue!)

Just A Little Reminder
Now that registration has gotten underway, we would just like to
remind you that the time has come for you to settle your bills, pay your
parking tickets, and return those library books, or you may get an
unpleasant surprise when you go to Colonial Quad to pre-register.

 

Wisdom of the Day:
l/‘nm .l‘lllllt’ (II Inc I trill rmr/w‘rlmul. i'mrsr' Illrll l.\ tome/hing r'r-il/jrhmlr
i't'i'ri'n'ln'rr‘ rlm‘x lll lllt‘ .wllm' ltlltgrrrlgt'.
—('.\'N l'

 

 

T

 

£15

. . . . CHARLES lieu.

Niws iniioa
Assor'isii. NI.WS llllTilltft Wile)" (incriminain Ml(‘iII".i.I: lSRAiil.
BRIAN Kllll‘l'llilt

Asru'is izriiion . . . . . . . . . . , , . . . . . . , , . . . . . ‘
PAI‘I. St‘itwAaTz

Sroii'rs miiott . . . . . . . . . . . .
Assot'ixit sroais izuiroa . . . . . . , . . . . . , , . . . .‘DAVID OsnoitN
lzrtrc SAI.ZINO|5R

EDITORIAL PACKS “THUR

slim Wll'likh: Ilill lleesilus. Richard Ileluir. Robert Hlusenstcin. Mike Dunne. Maureen
(it-urge. Ken Kurir. M, .l. Memrnoit. Stev: Oslcr. Beth Sexcr. Aron Smith. Deborah Smith.
Ashton llmrnus. .luck Weinbuum AP MANAtiias: Lloyd levenberg. Jessi: Schercr zonixt' Niws:
luriru Sclrriiub I’IthItW PAtil: Diana ()ruci HHS t’oonniNAioa: Stephanie Del Valle simvx
Ntws Hunt‘s: .vclyii liltis Nrws iZDITUlS tmairm: Matthew Cox. Jill Haber. 'I'oni Murtellr)

 

litaaii. Kort. Adl't’lllalllt.’ Manager

 

 

 

LISA Al’I‘IJillAUM
. . . . . . . . . . . , . , . . . . . . . . . . .SirsAN SSER
. . , . , . . . . . , . . , , , . . , , , . Iii-:NNv IIRUWN

BILLING At ( llllNlANl . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
I'AHttilJ. MANAGth

llookkiirim; .

ssus l'letiNNHJ Slew (lolrlstcrn. Jeff levitriu. Richie Mermclsreio t'i.Assiiii.i) Anvsrirsino:
Steve Milllct t oMrosirioN: Sully Ann llr'eciicr, llriydcri Carrutli. Amy Sours AI) runimc‘rioN
MANAHHI: Sieve (loldstcrn AI) railiiirt'irrm: lidiih llcrelson. llildy llrrind. Irene i‘irllllll, ’I'om
Muriello. I.” Ito/Wod onit'i: Rosemary (iross. Ruth 'l'erill not. PRH’: leslie Appclbuuin

Murry VithlVlf'li, l‘rmlilt‘iiun Manager
ItoiitN (lutliatati, (‘n-l’rmlur‘liun Muriagr'r

LURAINI-i Lillian/trout:

TVPINl.‘ ('UllltlthA‘IUR
l’Airtit‘k Lovi;

Viuiit'xi. (‘AMHtA

rssii. UP: Leslie Appelbriiim. Sail (irilli ‘rvrrs‘: : Donna lluudril. Mindy (Jordon. Cheryl
Kiiiilmun. ("Isirir Kuclilcr. Marilyn Moskowitl. y I'elll. iletli Stone ruooiuuoiks: Manny
Alvarez, Duiiriii Reicl icr, llcth Simon

I'lltt'lflilltAPlIV. supp/it'll principu ll‘ by i/rirwrsuy l’hnln Seri'ire

ESTABLIS II.I) I916 r.
The .‘illlriltt' Slur/rm Press is published every Tm rluy and Friday during the it‘lruulyea. by Illt‘
xillltllll' Sitttlt'lll I’rris Corpuratlmi, an inrlepr..rlrnt rrur-j'ur-proﬁr organization. Edilurla
policy is tll'll’llnlllt'tl by Ilrt' EtllIUI-lII-Chld‘ﬂr rrl is .i'ulijr'i'l If) review by the Editorial Board.

Mailing address: Allnrny Slurlrnl I’ll-rs, C( 129, I400 Washinglmi Ava, Albany. NY [2222
(5/8) Lilli. ‘3

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

_____._——'———-_

 

 

