M
.-_-.._—

columns

Letters From
“An Appeal '

I  ..
A Bleak Gay Past
To the Editor: "

On Tuesday, October 30, I attended the
SUNYA Gay and Lesbian Alliance meeting.
The purpose of the meeting was to discuss
with Rosemary Kllkenny Sabai and Gloria
DeSole' of the SUNYA Afﬁrmative Action
office the oppression of Gay men and Les-
bians on this campus.

The experiences related by the 60 people at
that meeting and other experience I have
heard of since, have brought home to me the
extent of oppression of Gay men and Les-
bians at this university, extending as far back
as 1962.

ITEM: In 1970 one faculty member was
almost denied tenure when his homophobic
chairman and former dean literally sabotaged
his personnel ﬁle by removing all informa-
tion relating to his Ph.D.

ITEM: MANY Gay men and Lesbians can-
not sign their names on letters to the ASP for
fear of repercussions from students, faculty.
and the administration. ITEM: At tltis
time, there is no grievance procedure for Gay
men and Lesbians —- Why? Because tltis
hniveristy doesn't even have a policy banning
discrimination based on sexual or affectional
prcferertce.

Harvey Milk, tltc supervisor itt San Fran-
sisco who was assassinated along with that ci-
ty‘s mayor last year. was gay. artd was also
AN ALUMNUS OF SUNYA. If he were
alive today what experiences do you think lte
would relate about this univeristy'i

David Simmons

Afraid To Be Honest

To the Editor:

l am scared! l don't know exactly wltat to
say and what not to say. l live in the dorms
on campus and am gay. I have no idea what
tlte reaction would be if everyone here found
ottt the truth about me. I don’t want to find
out. It is hard to write a letter when you are
afraid that any sentence might give you away
to someone who knows you. What do I do'!
Should I take a chance attd continue writing.
praying that nobody will guess who the
author of this letter is'.’

Along with all of the other gays here on
campus and across the cottntry I want
desperately to have a rigltt to exist! But ltow
to figltt for these rigltls without letting
anyone know who you are? This the large
problem faced by myself and millions of
other gays. Do you know what it is like to
hear “friends” tell you how tttucb they hate

The Cloet- ’

 

To The University Community

gays, when you, yourself are gay? Do you
know what it is like not to be able to show
any sort of affection for the person you love,
in public, because that person is of the same

i sex as you are? Do you know what it is like to
have to sneak around to attend a gay-lesbian
alliance meeting? Do you know what it is like
to be denied a job or housing because you en-
joy life with people of the same sex? The list
could go on and on.

All we wantis some human decency to
allow us to live our lives without bothering
anyone. The University non-discrimination
policy includes every minority group except
one —— HOMOSEXUALS! We need to ltave
our simple basic rights. and the freedom

to live our lives ln‘peace.
Name Witltlteld

We Want Protection

To the Editor:

I am not a SUNYA student. l am.

ltowcvcr. gay and aresidcnt of the capital
district. Recently. l ltave been involved in the
SUNYA Gay-Lesbian Alliance. You should
be proud that this organization is associated
with your school, as it is the most active
group of its kind l know of in the area. We
are a group of people, ntostly guy or lesbian.
but we welcome any progressive, open mind-
ed individual or group interested in the
achievement of basic human rights for
everyottc. We meet on Tuesday evenings at 9
in room 373 of your campus center. It is a
time to be together. make plans. and for
some of us to let down our guises and to
relax. The Alliance is not, however. ex-
clusively a social organization. We are trying
to fornt a strong group of people who will be
instrumental irt bringing about change on this
campus and later to move out to city, county.
state and who knows, the world? Our most
pressing problcnt at the montcut is to cort-
vincc President O‘l.eary that a clause that
will protect people against discrimination
because of sexual and-or affectional
preference must be added to SUNYA's
overall policy.

The city of Troy ltas already added that
clause to its cltartcr. in an unanimous deci-
sion. and you thought Troy was backwards?
This policy proposal change has been recom-
ntettdcd to the President by the Affirmative
Action Office here at SUNYA. Two
representatives from this office attended one
of ottr meetings and tltcir eyes were opened to
the need for such a policy on this campus.
There was one simple fact brought up by a

woman at that meeting. Without our inclu-
sion in the nondiscrimination policy at this
school we have no protection. In case 0
harassment we have no one to turn to.

-— Joseph P. Maloney

No Reason To Fear Us '

To the Editor:

A week ago Thursday, l went to speak at a
Human Sexuality Week forum on homosex-
uality. There may have been a total 0f 20
people tlterc and more than half of us were
gays who had contc to present the gay side of
things. It bothered me than and it bothers me
now that so few straight people showed up.

It is indicative of the oppression of gay
people that only seven or eight straights had
the interest or courage to actually enter a
room where gay people were known to be
present.

There is certainly no lack of interest in gay
people. Reading any men's bathroom wall
with its sexual invitations, threats and in-
nuendos is a strong indication of ltow ntuclt
homosexuality must interest the community
as a whole. Again, the overly enthusiastic
laughter at the often strained humor of fag
jokes must indicate some sort of ltiddcn
fascination.

So why are there only seven people front
the etttire student body who attend a gay
l'orum'.’ If it is that no one really cares if a
person is gay or not. why deny gay employ-
mettt. ltousirtg, and sometimes even life'.’ No.
l think it matters.

I guess that leaves us with fear. You might
have been afraid of two things. us arid tltosc
who would think you were gay. There is no
reason to fear us. We are rtol contagious. But
there is reason to be afraid of those who fear.
It is the ones who fear me who will do tltc
most to harrass me. It is the people who can-
not confront that part of themselves. that
part drawn to a saute sex friend, who will
repress and tltreatcn gay people. It is the
bigots who make gays' lives difficult. It is
these people who are the most afraid and the
roost friglttcning.

If you pttt off attending a gay forum out of
fear, you were probably being oppressed by
the same fear that oppresscs tts.

So, help cast off yottr own fear and up-
pressiott. as well as ours. Urge O'Leury to
add sexual preference to the non-
discrimination clause. and next Iinte tltcre is a
gay forum be there to prove to yourself and
to tttc that you are not afraid.

.I. Putnam

Who Rules?

To the Editor:

Over the course of this semester it has
come to my attention that policies for this
campus for the most part are made without
student input. There are committees with
students on them, there is S.A. but tltcy arc
dormant and completely ineffective.

The new alcohol policy. the time the RAT
closes. the time the campus center Closes,
various CUE policies, housing poiit ict
etc. . . Students. this is our school. but at-
are being completely dominated. Why are
students never notified about holds on their
records. why is there housing over-crowding,
etc?

The best way to begin to make Changes is
to be aware. Start thinking about why we are
forced to wait in line at financial aids or (‘UL
or registration and still find little accomplish
cd. Evert when policies are enacted they lllt.‘
unproductive. If the idea of an alcohol policy
is to limit drinking then the policy should do
that. Right now as the policy exists, those
who want to drink will do all the drinking
they want wltilc others will not be able to
because there won't be enough beer.

Seriously. how can you check for 40 01.. ot
alcohol? Will we all have to run around with
meters attached to our arms?

Since this policy directly affects Us. the
students. we should have been Consullcd.
This is the same for Campus Center hour.
and RAT hours. Wlten decisions are math-
tltat deal with our lives, we should have a sat
in making those decisions.

It is now time for students to be consulted.
This is our school and we want a voice and a
major role itt policy making. Get involved.
stand up attd let your voice be heard. If we
don't. we will keep on getting screwed.

Yours ’l tuly
Jeremy Carlson
Albany Student Union

Advisements Reply

To the lidltor:

(Ij'dilor's note: This is (I reply to Iz'I/t'n
Solomon '3 letter to the editor, "1.051 In tit/-
vise/twirl“. which appeared in the ASP on
Novcmcbrjt), I979)

Our apologies for the misinformation you
received from a Humanities advisor in regard
to your eligibility to lake Mgt. 341. Since it is
clearly stated iii the Undergraduate [tulle/in
(p. 30) that a non-business major must hau-
at least 56 hours (junior standing) to take
upper level Business Scltooi courses, and
since you will ltavc only 5I at the end of this
term, there was no good excuse for you and
your advisor to fail to establish your in
eligibility to take that course.

Other kinds of discontent cxprcsscti in
your letter scent to tttc more important than

 

that littlcﬂntxpﬂs about Mgt. 341. It disturb

 

(OHILE we  --
Spear 43 .2
Btwoo.

 

it) H52 THE RUSSINOS stem
34 EILMOL) o 75 .

It) H60 7H6 RUSSIAD6 spam
3% Btu/IOU OM EFEuse‘

It) ms TIE 2095mm 5m)
45 BILLION 0t) VEFéuse T

 

 

noun, 1. A CRIME OF
IOLENCE, THE ILLICIT
' CARNAL KNOWLEDGE OF
WOMAN WITHOUT HER
ONSENT, EFFECTED BY
FORCE, DURESS,
INTIMIDATION OR
ECEPTION AS TO THE
ATURE OF THE ACT.

IN I‘I70 1H5 RUSSIAUS SPENT

é? Bit/wot) on FEtdsg '0 1410 we meager A Risa/to

VEFEUSE 60f OF OVER 100

FEIFFER

Sponsored by the Presidents’ Task Force on Womens’ Safety

 

 

iii:

{I l 
- ,' meta—mg;

 

IVs-r. . .1 .. . A'.

 

 

 

 

 

