   
     
   
 
 
 
  
   
 
   
  
    
    
   
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
   
 
 
 
   
   
  
   
  
 
  
 
   
   
 
    
 
 
      
     
  
  
  
   
   
   
  
  
     
   
   
  
  
  
    
 
   
   
   
 
      
  
  
  
  
     
  
   
   
    
   
  
  

 

if ' a ,
C World News Briefs

 

Independence   Israel

JERUSALEM (AP) Israel yesterday celebrated the 3lst
anniversary of its independence. the ﬁrst at peace with
Egypt. and Prime Minister Mcnachem Begin said his
Gowmment would consrder no further major withdrawal

.r

settlement. Speaking in an hourlong ﬁldit) interview. Mr.
Begin stressed that in his view there was no connectior
between the Israeli peace treaty with Egypt and other part

ofthe Middle East Problem. He said that lsia Ii negotiators
would insist in the continuaaion of Jewish setlemcnts on the
West Bank of the Jordan River When talks with Egypt on
Palestinian autonomy there and on the Cram Strip beiiin
later this month. He said he was optimistic about the
chances of agreement. Meanwhile. thousands of I_siaeli
nationalists celebrated Independence Day by marching in
the West Bank to stress what they insisted was their right to
liyv: there. Their demonstration sparked protests among
Palestinians. and in one such demonstration at Bil' Zeit. an
Arab vouth was shot.

Russia Supplies Gunship:

 

WASHINGTON (AP) Russia has sent |2 rocket-armed
helicoptor gunships to help embatth pro-Marxist
gotc-nment forces in Afghanistanand unconﬁrmed reports
say Sotiet pilots may be flying them. US iniclligenn
sources said yesterday. The Kremlin has poured some .730th
to 4.000 Sotietadtisors and techniciansabout IDOO ol thsm
military personnel. into Afghanistan as Islamic resistance to
the pro-Marxist gtucrnmcnt in Kabul has l’lscn. sources
slid. lite supplying ol'a doIcn combat .isuult helicopters to
Afghanistan would represent .1 le‘P up in Sotict .iid. .ind
some analysts \n. could help considcrnhlt [tr tilt the
course ﬁghting in eastern -\Igh.imst.tn dgdlnsl icbc‘.

 

from occupied lands in exchange for an overall Middle E35“.

asking to remain

tribesman. Intelligence sources. ‘ I _ ‘
use of Sovrct pilots In

anonymous. stressed that the possible

  
      
  

 

 

 

 

a combat rol ' not been coynﬁ ed   considered
possibility, Afghan pilots hiye‘ e training at Sour.
helicopter .' ools. the sources .iiai butiit-is unccrialll

whether theyare ready to fly the Hind helicopters. which a re
heavily armed with .57 millimeter rocketsand machine guns.

Water Pipes the New Problem

WASHINGTON (AP) At least l5 nuclear power stat/tons
have problems .with_ctiolunt water pipes that leak 
amounts cl radioactitc water. gotcrnrncnt regulators .s.ii
Wednesday. The Nuclear Regulatory Commission was told
that six ofthe plants have extensive corrosion or cracking in
pipes that carry radioactive water. Nine plants hayc
moderate or minor cracking in the pipes. Darrell Eisenhit.
the Nuclear regulatory Commission‘s deputy director of
operating reactors. said the problem stems from a chemical
reaction in the plants' steam generators. which causes pipes
which are part ofthc primaaycooling system to crack'undcr
pressure of the corrositc buildup. The NRC commissioners
were told that the SO-CLIHL‘d pip-c“dcnting"ﬁrst discoyercd in I
I976. has become cstcnsite at both nuclear units at Surry‘.,
Va. at Turkey Point units 3 and 4 in Florida and at the Sun
Onot'n: plant in California. In addition. the Palisades
nuclear plant in Michigan has some of the most serious
corrosion but. for reasons that can't be explained. so far
only "minor" pipe cracking. he said,

State Department Blamed

“AHINGTON (AP) l'hc Stat: lX‘purtnicnt \Lh guilty \ll
irtcllicrcncy and mismanagement prior to the .loncstottn

mass suicide-murder in Guyana last year. a goternmcnt
reports said yesterday, The report of a State Department
study said the US consul on thesecne dismissed 1.5
"nonsense" a warning by the People‘s lemplc'. or that must
suicide was being rehearsed. But the report. prepared hy
retired State [)epaiitmcnt ofﬁcers John ('rrmmins and
Stanley Carpenter. said II was impossible to Ctllnldt:
whether bcttur perlormancc by the department could haw
prevented the tragedy. American ofﬁcials tn (iuytinu and in
Washington were handicappc‘d by "basic lack of police or
intestigativeauthtirity"'in pursuingclucsahout the nature or
the commune and its leader. Jim Jones. lhat authority lays
with the Guyanese goternmcnt. which rciected allegations
by former 'lcmple members that Jones was a dangerous
maniac who was leading his followers toward death. Iltc

report said.

Relations Poor in Mideast

BEIRCT. Lebanon (AP) Saudi Arabia rejected a change by
President Anwar el-Sadat of Egypt that it was "paying oil“
other Arab countries to break diplomatic relations with
Egypt. Ihe State Radio called Mr. Sadat a liar The
Egyptian leader. in a May [My speech yesterday. asserted
that Saudi leaders had departed from the "special
relationship" with Egypt that he said had been chartered by
King Faisal before being killed by a deranged nephew in
I975. President Sadat added that King Faisal had told him
not to trust Hater al-Assad. the S} nan President. Syria ti.»
Egypt's principal ally during the I973 Middle East war. .md
both were .uppuricd financially by Saudi ".i'dhld. \slttti'l‘i
Mr Sadat nott accUscs of succumbing to "pressure and
threatC'trom Syria and other hard-line Arab states and lit:
Palestine liberation Origami/anon to ostiacr/c ligypt

 

 

Commencement 79

Commencement '79 \till he held on Sunday. \luy 17. at
1:30 pm. on the lootbitnl licld tidittccnt io IllL' gymiitisiuiii.
according the William C Stcntirt. .lr ('omntcnccmcnt
Coordinator. [)r. Rosalyn S. \nlott. rctcnt \tthl lsitirctiiic
winner in medicmc. will be the principal speaker \ciirly
4.000 “Ill be giycn minding 1.200 IlAs .intl I700 llSs.

‘lhe exerCises this year. its lor the piist scycrtil ycttrs. ttill
not rcqutrt: tickets tor admission (iucsts will bc scatcd on it
first come. first scrsc basis. Participants and spectators tllL'
tcuucstcd to be in place by llJll on Continence-merit l).i\ ti
thousand folding chairs hate been nurchuscd illlti ttill br
used for the first time on this occassion lhcsc chairs.
combine with the cxrsung bleachers on the north end of the
gymnasium. will PI’IHIdL' a seating capacity loi 9.000
persons.

Should inclement weather occur. the ccrcnioney “Ill be
held in the gymnasium with only those attired in cup and
gown permitted to enter. Spectators may view the exchises
via closed-circurt television in the CumpUs Center and
selected Lecture Centers.

Special Arrangements have been made to accomodate
those who will be graduating in 8/ 79. and wish to attend:
the May ceremonies. Those desiring to exercise this option
should notify the Ofﬁce of the Registrar (AD B5) of their
attentions to attend.

Bachelor regalia (cop and gown) may be purchased at the
University Bookstore between now and May 25. For those
who ordered masters and doctoral rcgolia. distribution will
be made between May l4 and May 25 at the Bookstore.

Application for New York Stutecertiﬁcation for teachers.
school librarians and school administrators is prot: ’ ed by
the School of Education. Candidates who have itot received
their bill for the S! I fee should contact Ms. Susan Shiiftt rick.
telephone 457-8585.

Overnight ucconiintidutions on campus for parents and

 

 

 

guests will be available for Saturday iiigltt. May 20. btit tint
on Sunday. May 27. Reservations are on it ﬁrst come. lir.s
serve basis with Miiy 22. its the last date to make
arrangements. Rescrtntions may be made by mail to: (int-st
Rooms. Residence Management Ofﬁce. ’l'cn liyck Hull.
Dutch Quadrangle, lclcphonc i‘cst‘iytitions \till ttot be
accepted.

 

i Can It!!

A.C.l!.R.E. (Aliittiiitunt Carts Used for Recycling

. Efﬁciency) is a new student group who has stitrtt‘tl it can

recycling progttttlt oit campus. l'hcy will be working with
NYl‘IRti in conjunction with the paper recycling program.
Ihey lll’l.‘ sponsored by CI‘I‘. (Citizens Protecting the
ISnvioi'iiment). it local enviorntncntitlist outtiiti/tttion.
Recycling bins willbe [)lllt‘t'tl tvitl ‘tht: ltctlrtet't'itter illt‘ll of
the podium ttiiil next to the pnpet recycling bins in the quail
towcis. Help keep SllNYA li'-.intiltil rind sine energy bi
supporting these piogiiuiis. A.t‘ ll.R.I‘. risks that students
use he bins totlispose ol’itluniiritiinittiil tiirt‘iuisoiilv. II to"
are interested lll helping A.(' “It l'.. ['rlt'llw t'tllllllt‘lilllt'
N\'l'lR(i tilltt‘t‘ Ill lllt‘ t'itiuptis t‘t'lllt'l.

Honorary Inductions

l'ilty-i'. :c next :t‘icriibgrs. lo.
ti .3} SI \\
Beta Kappa at tile horiiirtiry's spit
the (Linipiis (V'ntci bulirt-t 1.
L'li.i.ii.-r \..: President .ltt‘:.lll
Department Chair. inducted
orgniu/ntion ‘\\\i\l.till \ ..-_- I‘r: .
Helen lk'slosscs .idtlrcsscd
Cut/ens "

l’hi lktu Kappa .s '\Il‘iL
society

tumors, were tr‘..l,

   

 

 
    
 
 
 
   
  

 

(it it.‘.tl

.x‘s tildt'st .tcadci‘.

 

Sets undergraduate members are non:
selection committee .tnd elected by chaptcr
Students illL’ chosci: on the basis at both q;. .. .i
.I\L‘Itl)1t:ililtllilL‘thdtllllt‘llllL’ll\\ttlkl!!illcllh.‘l.t. :r'u' '
sciences. Albany's chapter Ni Phi Beta Kappa ts.i~
in spring of 1974

Nobel Winner To Speak

 

 

Dr. Rox‘tly‘n S. \iilott.a l977 Nobel laureate tunnel In
medicine will be the mum speaker for commencement “0
Dr. Ytilotv. a tcry prestigious woman with countless
numbers of awards and federal positions will rcccitc .t
$1.500 bonontriunt for her services rendered at Sl N\ -\
graduation.

Currently. Dr. Yulott is ussoctated with the \IA llnspllill
iii the llronx. Her other positions includezn prol'cysohllll‘dl
Hunter College. Chief of the Nuclear Mcdicrnc Scrticc. A
member of the National CommiSsion for Radiation
Protection since |957. and ti member of the President's .
Silld)‘ “Wop on Careers for Women among many other
equally positions. She also ll.’l.\ \\ on .t it tiiipressttc ii mount Ul
honorary :Itviinls itiid degrees. inlctidiiig: incittbership in the
National Academy of Sciences. Ilte licdcrul Women's
Award. the Albert Ittskt'r “.lhlt‘ Medical Research Award.
along with the Nobel ttttitid.

lht- Invocation ttt Cointnenccincnt ttill be conducted in
llly‘ Rt‘tcrcnd (icoigi: l.. Iluiiis. the Benediction itill be
I'll'yt‘litcil by Rabbi Miltort l‘l‘ll‘hlt‘lll. President of the
(l‘l‘lllll lhsltit‘t ol Rabbis iintl Itius'it‘ will be pctltiimt-tl by
lllt‘ liov High School lLiiitl.

 

t unyu News Briefs

 

11.3;th s'ﬁ'l‘i WI 1.. ’I’T‘tttttlsi‘ 

y

 

 
 
  

 

it-

 

Although IiIt.’

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘In -
,,. .‘-.«.“¢~—oﬂr“NOIHR'W‘W§MW€W1MWW

 

Solar Energy Being Loolted :

Into At

What can he expected of solar
energy here in the cold. cloudy
Northeast? The Energy institute of
SUNYA's Atmospheric Sciences
Research Center (ASRC) on Fuller
Road has several projects underway
that are coming tip with some
answers to that question.

One such prtiject'is"tlic solar-
heated Alumni House on campus
which has two independent solar
heating systems. Both hate been
monitored by the ASRC forthc past
two yet rs. under it grant from the
New York State Energy Res'urch
and Developmental Administration
(NYSERI)A).

The primary system. a solar-
ussistcd heat pump (SAIIP). was
evaluated for u year in I977. said
project director James Ilcaley. ln
I978. he said. the system was shut

down. and a conventional heat
pump system was used and
evaluated fora year so that the two
systems could be compared. An
electric boiler thitt operates only at
offpeak nightime hours serves its a
bitck~up system.

The SAIIP system. which consists
of the solar collectors on roofs. a
water-to-tvitter heat ptiriip that
increz s the heating capacity oflow
temperature sola r—hcutcd water.qu
a hot water storage tank. proved
successful in providing heat. said
Henley. The system can provide
fifty~five to sixty percent of the
building's heat in the winter. he said.
It consumes ten percent less fuel
thun an oil or gas system. and fifty-
livc percent less ltrcl than a
contentiontil l‘ChlSltlltL‘L’
sy'slcttt.

llti\\c\cr. said llcnlcy. thc SAllI‘
system is not economically
conipctitittc with conventional
l_\'pt:s ol heating systems Ill liliSill'L‘il.

 

 

clccti ic

sy slctll MI \'L' st
:ippio\iiit:ttcly' S|7tlll pci year all
current lucl pi ices. he explained. the
initial cost ol 553.000 ttiis too hiin
to expect the sinings to pit) oil the
iritcstnicnt llc sort] the system ililsil
tttciityrycni lilc t-\pcct;iiicy.

“lltit lllC primary concern ol the

Alumni House

project was to see how much energy
could he obtained.“ said Henley.
“From that point of view. it was
successful.“ . .-

Severtil improvements in the
SAHP system. Henley said. could
make it tiiore effective. especially in

terms of economics.

There were - problems. for
example. of trees partially shading
the solar collectors. preventing them
from operating at full capacity. The
trees hate rtow been removed.

Another problem involves the
lack of use of solarenergyduring the
summer. In buildings such its a
restaurant or it laundry. where hot
water demands are high. the system
could provide nearly fifty percent
nioi‘c)cnergy for these facilities. said
Henley. Building costs could be cut
in future projects and improved
solar collection and storage systems
could further increase economy.

An alternative system. the
conventional air-to-water heat
pump. was monitored in I978. “This
system appears quite viable." said
Henley. “It‘s reliable and low-cost.“
Compared with the SAH P system.
he said “the more conventional heat
pumpt out-performed the solar
system 7 - it provided the same heat
using less electrical energy." He said
that the operating and maintenance
costs are similar. but that the initial
cost of purchase and installation of
the SAlll’ system was twice that of
the conventional heat pump.

The hciit pump is basically the
some system as it refrigerator. In the
\yatei-to-wntcr heat pump of the
htllill’ collector system. heat is
removed from it storage tank of
.solttr-ltcutctl water its low its Si)
tlcgiccs l‘ill't'llllt‘ll. l'his hcnt is
translated by it rclrigci'zuit llllltl.
which is compressed to immune thc
tciiipcr'rituic bcl'orc llClll is linnlly
released to ttitiiii the building. “L‘lll
pump iissislniicc llIUlL' than doubled
Illt.‘ solar energy collected by the
/\ltlllllll llousc system. with only
slight lllL'Il'il\L' iii t'irsl.;lct'ttltllll1.' to

no ASRC it'poit

lhc llll-ltlrutllt'l hurt ptiiiip
system uses the \illllt' pi inviplc its thc

The Alumni House on Fuller Road is solar heated and consum

 

less fuel than an u or it

stem.

 

SUA’ I24 It Arrrrox/r/ir'r'r't‘ Sr'it'rrr'm Rl’M‘lll't‘II ('crrlt'r ix nor/ring on .\'U/(ll‘ i'rri'rgi- [)I‘lIit‘tI.\. I’liom: RUIIIIIM‘ It'll/aka”

wttter-to-wttter pump. but it
removes heat front outside air and
transfer it by n refrigerant to the
inside air. The system can work
both ways. bringing heat inside in
the winter and taking it out in the
summer. No matter how cold it is
outside. there is always some heat in
the air.

The air-toov: L'I' lictit ptrtiip can
he considered art indirect solar
energy collector. .sincc the beat it
extracts from outdoor air comes
from the sun. In this sense. the
Alumni House has twodistinct solitr
energy systems.

A diflci'cnt type of solar collector.
to be insttillcd this summer ill the
Jolly Tiger restaurant on Central
Avenue. will be studied by the
ASRC under it grunt front the
Department of Energy (DOE).
llculcy suid.

Ihcsc collectors
lloui'csccnt ttibcs. in contrast to the
flat plate crillcc‘ltrl‘s on Alumni
House. Inside the gloss tubes rtr‘c
iiit-tnl ttlhcs with :i highly absorbent

 

resemble

suilttcc.

"\Vlirit yott guru limit this type til
system." stud Hurley. "is tliiit you
can tliiiis n \nctiiint illtlllllti the
citcrgy-irbsoibmg
It-ilticcs ilL'ill loss."

l’l’ti|L‘L‘l intimich ltll lllt' .lolly
ligct study. l)oti l\lc('lcii;rh;ui. sitltl

sttrlitce. lliis

O’Leary Endorsed SCUE Program

by Wendy (irt-t-nl‘it-ld

SUNYA Pi'csidcnt Vincent
()‘lctti'y endorsed the pilot program
i'cccoinnicndctl by the Special
(Committee on Undergraduate
liduciitioii (S('llli) inn semi-annual
address to thc faculty yesterday.

"I hope the Senate will endorse
the program when it comes to vote.“
he said in a 50 minute speech.
Additional topics lunged li‘om
SUNYA's l‘)7‘)—li(l butlch to the
clfccts of the tuition increase on
students.

“The committee
important bt‘cnktlirouglt...“ ltc stud.
"It is clearly not enough to require
then deliver
committee

made it n

certain courses and
them poorly. The
bus properly placed it good dcttl of
emphasis on the clitt' 'tcr' of the
classroom experience its well its the
content to he taught."

In regards to the l‘)7‘)»li() budget.
.stilitrics illltl tvtigcsut’c tl ttc to bi: cut it
ltlllll of $.lll7.llll(l. according to
()‘lcttiy. llottctt-i. he said. ctiri’ciit
stalling Ictcls were not irllcctcd.

()I' the $1.3 million icqttcstctl iii
the SUNY lltttlgct chticst. tht:
l:.\t't‘llll\t' llutlgt't itlloctitctl $l.5
()‘I curt stud lilitl the
Budget

 

million
Stiitc l)ittsioii ol lill'
recommended lllltil't‘l attliltslmi'uls
lot‘ the WWI-lit] list'nl yczu.
"Willi respect to the budget.

MAY 4, 1979

sitiil

(TIL-Atty. “l lllll PiCilSt‘tl to IL‘lillt:
that. by tutti large. the lhtiwi‘sity III
Albany did t'cusoniibly tycll."
Concerning the tuition inci‘cttsc.
()‘l.citi‘y took a sympathetic tone.
“While the new tuition rates
regretfully tvill place it burden on
our l'icshtttcn illltl sophomores. the
revenue produced will make some
funds available loi' iiiipi'ovctiiciits in

. otir libl'lll'y acquisition funding and

for meeting some increases in the
minimum wage. ()‘I.cttry ztddcd that
there may be a possibility of
udditionnl funding for equipment
replacement.

()‘lctu'y suited that despite fiscal
restraints. SUNYA has been
.sut' -.s.sltrl in recruiting studentsnnd
intends to do the same next fall.

“At the undergraduate level." he
said. "it smaller proportion of
applicants will be admitted next fall
compared to last year.

“Ibis should piit Ia slightly
reduced burden on our housing
needs and lesson .somcwhnt the
pressure on li'cshtiicn courses. "said
()‘lcni'y.

()‘l.tiir'y'
enrollment will
icputiitioit for quality“ must be
“Moic sensitive
titltiscrncut. orientation. and
admission systems. must continue to
be among our highest piiotitics..

 

although
“our

snitl liltll
dcclittc.

Iiuiiitttiiiit-il.

(ii‘itduirtc enrollment should be
about the slime us this year. ()‘l.L-:ii‘y'
Iltlllctl.

llntlci tltc gittdiitttc llllLl i'cscttich
goals. ()‘I L'tll‘y stated his Iiisi
priority was to gitc continuing
attention lttltl support to SllNYA‘s
I'hl). pi'ogittms.

“'l'hc cllcctivcncss trl this
procedure hits been demonstrated
by the recent record of doctoral
program assessments by the State
Education Department.“ ()‘l.ctii‘y
.snid. Programs such as Sociology
and Political S icncc were itidgctl
last summer by the SEI) to be of
llnlitttll‘tlilhlc quality.

()‘I,ctri'y noted the successful level
of external funding l()I' research
projects this year. “Outside ftrritlirig
for the current your will exceed more
than a 3] million improvement over
lust year.“ he said.

()‘lt‘trry also discussed the
changes in personnel that occurred
during this past year. Nine
pi‘otcssiomtl sttill members and one
administrator Irate retired. Louis
Sttlk‘cyci is stepping (lthl'I its Vice
President for Rcs'nt'clt ttnd Dean of
(il'iltilllllc Studies.

liltc position ol Ilcan of
l‘tlllClllltlll hits been filled its \\L'll its
the post lot the Dean irl tlic (‘ollcgc
of (icncntl Studies. ()‘I ctu'y :tiltlctl.

()‘l.cttiy‘ spent it lt‘W minutes

  

the new evacuated-tube collectors

have been purchased from General
Electric. and should be installed by
the end of May.

The new solar collectors are part
ol'u DOE-sponsored comprehensive
energy system at the restaurant. for
which ASRC has done extensive
analysis. This system makes use of
such energy conserving methods as
reclamation of dishwatcr heat aritl
cooking exhaust. control of lighting
level and vcntilationand use nfhettt
pumps for heating and air
conditioning.

Another project is an intensive.
S I .25~ntillion five—year study funded
by the federal and state Energy and
Research Development A

Another project is on intensive.
$ | .ZS-ntillion l'ivc-ycur sttid y funded
by the federal and state Energy
Research and Development
Atllllllllbll‘llllnltS. in wliiclt ASRC
hits been collecting tlntit to predict
the illlltllllll of solar radiation
ilh’lliili‘lll.’ in this area.

Attrttrsplict'ic Sciences chitii'iiirtn
Hurry lliiiiiilion. \\llll hoods the
pliuct‘l tilting \\IIlI ASRt‘ director
Ronald Stcniut. \llltl that there is
not enough tlillil _\L'| to make any
predictions ol the unioiiiit Ui strlztt‘
Initiation. “L' sititl that thc pH’IL'k“
|tist liccniiit- operational in the iilll.‘
hill til l‘)78 lhc lust yctti.lr'orn full

by Kevin luurilliurd

with graduation honors

ncxtliill.
“Implementation of the

Chair Malcolm Sherman.

Sherman.

 

Gwo Proposals Tabled
By UAC Until Next Fall

‘lwo proposals. one dealing with pltrs/ minus grading and the other
requirements
Undcrgi'itduitte Academic Council (UAS) Wednesday. after the
committee decided to postpone consideration of the proposals until

proposal this
impossible. Hy tubling the proposal. it will also ttllowadditionttl time for
more careful consideration." said Undergraduate Academic Council

Members of the Committee for Academic Slunding(UAS)and UAC
agreed that tahling the proposals was it “realistic decision." said

"It would be unfair to hit students with these changes all ofa sudden.“
he said. "This will allow the students to be prepared for the changes
which might occur in the future."

Sherman stiid he supports the plus/ minus grading system because of
the "increased concern over accuracy of grades." He added thtit
u recent study revealed that the system would have no real effect on the
given grade. “'l‘he plusses and niinuses tend to negate one another.

of I977. was spent in designing the
system. ordering equipment. and
setting tip. he said.

In this study. SUNYA serves asa
data base for the Northeast.
collecting data at the ASRC
building on Fuller Road and
receiving information from twenty-
five to thirty other bttsesand mobile
units. said Ilealey. A computer
system records one-minute values
and hourly itvcnigcs' forall solarantl
ivcather factors: these records are
sent monthly to the National
Climatic Center iii North Carolina.
aiitl a copy is retained at ASRC for
further research.

"This is art expensive project."
stud llcnlcy. “Diitn is processed by a
computer iii it unique system. Idnn‘t
expect to see anything so
comprclicnsitt: again: no one was
talking us intensive at study us we are
here.“

'Ihc ASRC hits
graduate program in solar uric .
(’trr‘r‘cruly thch are five graduate
students doing solitr ruscrtr‘cll.
according to Hi. Iluinilrtiri. but
lilt‘lL‘ is rinl ii spccilic degree in solar
technology Il\t‘llll|lllc here. No
ttutlcrgi'.’tdiiatc liiiit' yt't
bccr‘. tlctclopctl In solnr energy. but

>|)i. llillllllltlll said he hopes some
\till he added lit the lutttic

dctclopcd i'l

 

c'tllllsc's

were tabled by the

year was technically

 

 

discussing the i'ccrtiitiiient for the
ltt:\\’ly~ChI.'lhlinltL'tI Vice-President
for Planning and Resource
Management. "The tools ol
planning and budgeting. properly
understood and applied to it
universityscltingnucessentialtothe
Ilt'llll.‘\t.‘lllclll of its purpose. " He
said.

l‘lie Vice President for Planning
ind Resottrt'c Murittgcint'tit ttill be
responsible lot the Computer

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS ‘

 

 

Center. the Planning Office.
Institutional Res'ui‘clt. Space and
quttipiiient Management Offices.
ﬁnd the Offices ol Admissions and
Registrar.

Concluding his address.
()‘lcni'y expressed his optimism for
the future. “What has been
:Iccoinpltshcd." ltc sltitctl. “is
stillic'iciii to ilcnionstrattc that the
lliiitt-t'sity is muting Ioi'\\'tti‘d."

PAC 2: ji‘tlthLtT.

     

't.
V r.
‘3
a

 

      
       
    
        
   
          
     
        
    
    
    
      
        
 
     
 
          

 

