 
   
   
   
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

letters

Comment

 

,editOrli .H  

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

"a:

Reflections on

 

 

  

IndepéndantEducaﬁon

  

- Eric E. Paige

With drop/add week rapidly approaching one begins
to ponder his or her own fate come the warm summer
month of May. All those missed classes and forgotten
homeworks catch up to and haunt us as we restlessly wait
for the all-important transcript to arrive. Of course. there
is the terminal interest in the last line: lolal cum. avg.. but
but perhaps more attention should be paid the verbal btilk
of the page. That is. the part listing the courses.

For the most part. the students at Albany State are
fortunate to be offered. what they like to call "liberal
education." We are given free reign over the_composition
of ottr schedules and are directed to trike nothing. save for
the prescribed courses in our major. Tltere are exceptions.
of course. in business. the sciences. and others. However.
a well rounded education is nota requirement to graduate
from the University at Albany.

Last week the ASP published a report compiled by the
“Special Committee on Undergraduttte Education“ on
proposed new models for liberalized education. In’theory.
these proposals would enhance the value ol'our education
by giving us a brorider base of knowledge arid
familiariling the SUNYA student with the goals of the
school. In fact. these plans range from restrictive to
downright castrriting in their effect.

It is not my intention to seek to destroy SCUIZ‘s
valuable effortsat improvingouredttcatiori. liyall means.
each and every student has a duty to the school
community to voice his opinion on these newly proposed
options. From the experiential evidence that abounds.
these plans would make dubious changes iii the cliarttcter
of the SUNYA curriculum and the SUNYA graduate.

If you will allow. Albany is probably the most higltly
regarded school in the SUNY system. Perhaps we are in
the top three undergraduate .rrhoolr in the state. And. as
the school grows older the respect we receive will most
likely increase. Certainly. nothing is to be gained in that
respect. Yet. those who run the schoolrare .intent on
making a change.

Last year it was the SCRUlz‘report; this year it is the
SCUE report. Maybe this is an omen. The ill-fated

. SCRUEstudy of similar nature was presented altogether

too coldly. looking more like a condensed version of War
and Peace (with added categorization). Sure no one
would read it: While this year's study is simpler to
comprehend. and easier on the eyeballs it offers the
student merely the option to load his schedule with
required. instead of optional. nonsense.

A major asset of attending SUNYA is the pliability it
allows its students when choosing schedules and hence
majors. With added requirements the former biology

major would have a much tougher time switching to
business law since many of his credits would be so
restricted. This applies across the board and to enforce
such requirements would inhibit this degree of choice.

   

 

 

Other proposed plans include familiarizing n-dum

 

with education at the school. its history and purpose.
Speaking strictly from experience. this type ofplan will be
unsatisfactory to most of the students simply because of
its irrelevance.

The question I am compelled to ask is “Why are you
doing this to us?" Since this school has rid itself of the
bondage of the required courses there has been that
conservative backwash dcsiringtheirrcturn. But. we must
realize that this is not high school anymore.

Seriously. I wonder whether there are any seniors who
remember PSY 10! after taking three solid years of
business administration courses. While we would like to
think it were the case that all who take well rounded
schedules grow up to be worldly individuals. the
assumption is ridiculous. (‘linging to the notion that three
hours per week for about twenty weeks will change one‘s
preparedness for real life rntist be discarded.

Possibly. the Office of the Vtcc President for Academic
Affairs isjust rcstlcssand in need of work. Surely.altering
the grading structure and titlicr class—related actions
would be far more appreciated by the student body.

The beauty of the system that is now in effect lies in its
reliance on the student's creativity. We are the world of
the futitre. In order to be able to find a place in that world
what we are able to do is tailorour programs to otir goals.
Whether or not these goals are reached is important rind
to deny personally selected options. chosen for this
customizing process is it grave tragedy indeed.

Experimentation in programming can and should be
done at will. As everyone knows there are certain
departments in this school that are more inept than
others (to spare embarrassment I will not enumerate). It is
patently unfair to throw a student. poor in subject M. into
an M class. when the chances of his being motivated are
itil anyway. ‘

Careful consideration should be given the surrender of
the wonderful freedom of choice to the will of the
University Senate. If an appreciable improvement of the
curriculum of this school will be evident. then by all
means. supporting the plan is the only route. But. if the
mere virtue of beinga workable plan is the criterion thena
change is sense

A change for the sake of change will not prove to be
successful. The shockwaves of disillution and confusion
within the student body will be strongly felt. possibly

     

 

 

negating any positive effect that potentially exists.

 

one sutured-Customer

To the Editor:

This letter is in regard to Michele Israel‘s article entitled
“S.A. COURT STOPS COUNCIL VOTE." Miss Israel's
article was very aeurate. However. the headline was
erroneous and misleading. As stated‘in the article the
injunction issued by the S.A. Supreme Court was not
signed (thus invalid) and was furthermore withdrawn.
Therefore. there was no action ta err by the Court on this
issue: and the Camp Dippiki l bill was withdrawn
voluntarily from the agenda ofCentra

I was glad to see that the ASP is beginning to print
accurate articles. however. this truthfulness should also
be included in the headlines of the paper.

— David Ruffo
Central Council. Chairperson

Rebirth in Red China"

To the Editor:

The word "propaganda" strikes a very sour chord in
most Americans these days. We imtnediatcly react
unfavorath and skeptically. The majority of the Chinese
tnovies from the mainland that havc been shown at
SUNYA in the last few years have becnjitst this type of
“Red propaganda." But this spring the SUNYA Chinese
Studies Program is presenting a series of three films from
the mainland that break sharply with this tradition. The
sccotid oftlic series. NIZW YliAR'SSACRIFICIC. 'I lit“
Death of a Chinese Woman will be shown this coming
March 13. at 8:00 p.tn. in Lecture Center iii on the
Uptown Campus.

The picture is based on a short story by the late Lu
Hsun (Milli-1936). written iti I924. To date. [.11 lIstin
remains the greatest Chinese writer of the 20th century.
He spearheaded the May 41h Movetnent irt I‘ll‘). which
initiated the niodertt era of Chinese literature. and is
known as the “fatbcr"oft|ic tnodern forms. l.u llsun was
an “anti—imperialist“ and art “anti-fetidalist." In I924 the
Chinese Communist Party wasa mere titrec years old.and
Lu llsun was not a communist in ideology. nor in ptrrty
membership. "Anti-imperialism" was the general Chinese
reaction to two hundred yeas of pillaging by the West.
“Anti-feudalism" was the ancient Chinese reaction to a
grossly unbalanced economy which took it's toll in the
peasantry.

The film is true to Lu Hsun. It portrays the minds ofthc
Chinese people in the early 1920's: their plight. their
anger. their fear. It‘s political aspects are testimony to the
climrite of the era. not to Pcking‘s retrospective intent.

My purpose is to alert the Capital District and SUNYA
communities that NEW YEAR‘S SACRIFICE is not
"just another Red ﬂick from Peking."lt isan introduction
to the masterful Lu Hsun. as well as the state of modern
Chinese cinematography. It will provide a much needed
insight into the “whys and wherefores" about modern

China.

My hope is that each will make good this unusual
opportunity. -
— Lawrence Pemble

Shuttllng at the Paper

To the Editor:

On Sunday. March 4. The Albany Student Press held a
meeting to select new members forthe Board of Directors.
This writer had formally submitted his name in
consideration (or one of the two student representative
positions. For the record. the Board of Directors consists
of II seats 01 which 3atc designated for ASP staff. 2 for
student rcprcscrttallVL‘S. and the remaining to be split by
faculty. alumni. the editor. and others.

In my opinion there were some dubious practices in the
selection system. First. this writer received no notification
as to when and where the meeting would be held. Second.
the other 2 people up for consideration were present at
this meeting lhird. one of the selected nominees is it
member ol the ASP staff. As previously stated, the lloard
of Directors has an allocated amount of seats for ASP
staff. so by this r\SP members sclectiort. in effect. the ASP
has sticces‘ltrlli "stacked tltc deck" in its favor.

I’L't'lttlps CH'H rtrore disturbin. is that after much
haggling the ASP staff passed art amendment to the
Constitution \tttllllg that henceforth no ASP staff
member |tllt\ ttlll for a sttident-represcntativc seat.
IIUWL'WI. this “th done after the ASP selected one ofits
0th Ilicliilrt'o to the stttdent—reprcsentative seat. In
essence lllt‘ \SP has admitted that their policy was
“tong. )t't cit. riniventetl its correction by not making the
:iriierrdrnt-ni lt'lrt)ilCli\’t.'. These actions liigltligltt
ltypticiaci iii |l\ greatest contempt.

lriin herein publicly t‘equestirigthat the ASP rethink its
decisions Ill lll"\t_' matters and reopen nominations. That
is. make the »llhlcnl representative seatsjtist illttl. student
t‘cprcscittiititc seats.

— Douglas Freedman

Ifdt'tui'k .\UIt‘ I‘Iw Alliutrv Student I’rt'rs .t‘lttll' did no!
(um-nil lllt‘ iutirtt'ttttitor rt.v .Yllllt’tl. but I‘ll/Ill'l' t‘ltungt't/ t'l.r
/)_l'/fllt'.\'. Hm rlrittigt- allowed an ASP Illt‘lllllt’l' to runfor
I/tt' student you or .t't'ulA‘ if no .t'ltltft’llm‘ lt'l'l‘t' properly
notnt'natedfot iltorc I’It-t‘l'lttnu‘.

—- The Editor

\
We Htivon ’t Lost Yet!

To the Editor:

We a": HOW 6"!”ng the most crucial stages ofthe fight to
stop the tuition increase. What we do in the ncxt few
weeks will determine whether or not there will he an
increase in tuition. To explain the latest developments of
the last week

Last \VL‘tltlt‘Hlily. the SUNY Iloard of 'l'rtistees met in
Albany to rtirreasc tuition. (The Trustees are the

 

     

 

 

P 5 invariants! F0
lTEg‘ttbliTisFt/lcmué.’ 3&5;

s3

   
 
 

PEME is contrasts! ILL
9w tau art/EVE, 55
WNACHEM!

 

 

I F
are lit
BEL\lEt/ES .

PEACE (é 6ASPIM€~
(Ts LAST BREATH!
ear you BEL/5V6,
Alli/AR! \

l l b

Wirirciiﬂdiiaififtyrgur

   

   
 

PEACE (6 [M06 ACHEH!
170 mu BE/LIEt/ ? a $657
l / \

  

  
  
 

7H6 TIMKEEBELL

5- 'SUHHIT
0U Baum; We; twat eth££$9l l
‘— 51V W _ . \
I set/arr. gang-{1mg
I

 
      

MME I

 

 

Angry?

Redefining Family Roles

 

 

 

— Robert IIHIL'

throughout each til our lives we have at some time
bcrnourrul ottr sufferings ill the hands of otir parents.
Mirit- It'lll‘L'tl to buy a color television and demanded that
my hair lir cut above my ears up tlirottgli tenth grade. My
revenge tor these injustices now takes the form of fairly
tretpicni lrttcrs of rtrore or less the some substance:

I)etir Mom and Dad.
I’lcttst‘ send money.
Love.
Yotir Son
in Colorado. a 24-year-old named Tom Ilanseri has
taken Illt\ to its logical extreme. He has filed a lawsuit
L‘liltllllll)‘ “50.000 of damages frottt his parents charging
that ilic\ lnglL'Cchl his needs for clothing. food. shelter.
and potliologieril support at critical times tlirotigli his
tjr:\cltiplllt'lli. This case brought indignant cries from all
sides Ill our parents" generation. These reactions range
from "It's till a crock of ‘ to R tissell Baker‘s
littttiorotixly barbed commentary. The feeling is one of
shock that the generation which has stiffeer the
tloiriinrttrort ofboth their parcntsand children now see the
tables licint'. turned again H one time trio many.

The idea of a lawsuit for bad parenting may seem
somewhat harsh a solution. It stirer won't be a boon for
the Hansen family‘s Thanksgiving Day reunions. Yet the
precedent 50! may be a valuable one. Being a parent is a
seriousjob. not to be undertaken on a whim of wanting a
kid. to give the family grandchildren. to solidify a young
marriage or for any of a myriad of other bad reasons.
Phinnctl Parenthood and others have tried to emphasize
this point. hUI it legal precedent charging parental
irrespon-‘ll‘lllll’ may more strongly reinforce the notion of
raising children as a serious task. _

Those ot usol college age ha\c it unique perspective on.
this CDIHIUVUSY- We have emerged from the cocoons of
eighteen years of protection arid are struggling to
establish it)" positions as equal: 'l but past period of out

1

   

 

 

 

administrative body of the SUNY system.) One hundred
and tWenty-five students packed the meeting.
demonstrating with signs and chants. Because of this
pressure. the Trustees decided before the meeting not to
vote on the increase. It wa the presence of the large
number of Albany students that was responsible for this.
Since the Trustees as a body only meet once a month.
Wednesday‘s action prevented the Trustees from
approvtng a tuition hike until their next meeting in late
March.

Under pressure from the State Division of Budget (the
Governor's budgetary agency). the Executive Committee
of the Trustees decided to meet on Friday in New York
City. (The Trustees are ntade up of I] tncmbers. arid the
Executive Committee is mttde up of sevcrt of those
members.)

The Executive Committee. upon a recommendation
from the Chancellor. voted on Friday to recottirnerid that
the Trustees raise tuition Sl50 for lower division stttdents
and dorm room rents by $50 per year. This was it sttib iii
the back to us. by otir own Trustees. The Trustees. iri
effect. are refusing the challenge of the Governor and the
Division of the Budget by failing to attempt to get
additional funds frottt the legislature. Despite that the
Trustees claim that they oppose it tuition increase. they
refused to give tis support iii ottr efforts to get the
additional rtioney. This is it setback. however. other
publicity tttitwitlistanding. Tlll“ 'l'RUSTIZES HAVE
NOT RAISED TUITION. The Iixccntivc Committee of
the 'l'rustees. which iii llscll cart not vote a tuition ltikc.
recommended that the 'l‘r'ttstees increase tiiitioti when
they next ttiect. We were able to negotiate one majorpont
frotii the li'tistces: ii the Legislature appropriates the
additional $0.! million requested by SUNY. the 'l't‘tistees
will i‘csciiitl any proposal to tour“ se ttiitioti.

We regard the iicttiti h\ illt' I:\Ct‘tlli\L‘ Committee its
ptcrtiiitiitt' illltI coutittllt lltc leadership in the
legislature is opposed ton tuition hrkc.;istirc marry oi the
other legislators. Our position is and has always been
that the Trustees should help its fight iii the Legislature to
get the additional lttiids. rather than give in to the
(itHL‘ltttit.

(hi 'I iicsdriy. Assettibly speaker Stanley l‘ink made it
cliullatigc to SASII lenders meeting with liittt. He agreed
that if we could get it substantial number of signatures
frorn legislators on a “budget petition" calling for
additional funds for SUNY. he would guarantee assembly
support for the additional funds. We accept this cltallattgc
titid must pressure legislators for support.

What can we do‘.’ Increase our efforts iri this campaign.
Participate in the mass letter writingcatttpuigti and on the
Lobby Days on March l2 arid 13. There will be people
signing students up on the dinner litres and Campus
Center. Above all. gear up to the statewidedemonstration
on Marclt 2|. wltcre we will sltow the Legislature ottr
unity and strength.

 

 

 

Upset? Mad?

Write A Letter

       

       

‘ at Ironic rs under our critical scrutiny and art
cvaluatiott of otir ptircnts‘ succc..  a continuing job.
varying mostly with the amount of time we have been
somewhat independent. Yet at the satire time. we are
coming to the reztli/ation that it will be our tttrn soon.and
we Vtrv to do it “the right way.“ We know that ours will he
the best kids ever. since all we have to do is make none of
our parents‘ mistakes. Simple. htth'.’

The starkncss of the fact that sotiietliirig can go wrong is
demonstrated by the cast: at hand. It isjtist this reality of
$350000 that raises fears of a dangerous precedent. The
lctigtlt of the arm of the law. rcachinginto one ofthe most
personal of relationships is the heart of the rcpugnnncc
that many feel. One may find it somewhat akin tti suits
filed by former lovers for part of the earnings of their ex-
rriiitcs. The argument goes that the courtroom is not the
place to redress grievances such as these. Yet who is to be
the filial arbitrator? It is the voice. the legitimacy. the
force of the law that lends credibility to charging
responsibility irt these relationships. We may not like the
idea that nothing is sacred. birt that is the price we pay for
life in today's world.

It is not parental errors that being indicted itr Colorado:
it is parental negligence Subscribing to one or another
school of raising children is not the issue. This case does
trtit stand as it substantial threat that the helpless. gurgling
infant will sottiedriy'ttirn into a vengeful “sclimuck” who
will wring rriotrey out of yoti because you tiiatlc him go to
bed at K200 pm when he wa live years old. Neither are the
courts to becorric a common rtrodc for today's youth to
show where pertnissivcncss may end tip leading.

What is crucial is the intent of the parents. not
necessarily their success or failure Did they try to do a
good job" The significance oi lllt' llansctt cit ' is that it
should stand as it reminder to otir generation that
parenthood is as serious rt rid dilticult job as airy of us may
lace. and should be entered irtto with that indelibly
impressed oi otir minds.

 

   

Crime At SUNYA

“What‘s it going to be then. eh?“

Do we let SUNYA get destroyed by a bunch of ignorant rats.
running around and pulling fire alarms. vandalizing. and stealing from
their neighbors with a perverted enthusiasm? Do we let a loud minor-
ity have the power to engulf a silent majority in a cloud of poison-
ous smoke? Do we let these peoplehave their mis-guidcd way?

The crime situation at SUNYA is a depressing one. Fire alarms
are being pulled falsely m ire than ever, The vandalism that has
taken place this yearis disgusting: SUNYA is being treated by certain
inhabitants with little more respect titan a New York City subway. And
there has been a constant stream of thefts around the campus. ranging
from small items arid cash. to expensive and valuable stereos. The
situation as it stands now is at its worst ebb ever. and the saddest
part of all is that unless we start progressing toward prevention of
further crimes. things may get worse yet.

There is though. through the grace of whatever being cr‘ated tis.
hope. Most of its here (and in the world. I hope). are essentially good.
and do not possess the hideous desire to wreak havoc among our
Icllow students, As good people (I assume that the bad ones don't
read the paper anyway). and an ti\t‘t'-\\‘ltt.‘lltiltlg majority. we have the
power to beat down this problem. We shouldn‘t have to ptit tip with it.
but for sortie strange reason. most oi us do. We shouldn‘t stand for
the abuse we are forced to take thr nigh the acts of these animals.

If you see a fire alarm being ptilied. or you know who has pulled
one. tlicti you should report it. it you are il\\itl't.‘ ol itll_\’ vandals who
lime defaced SUNYA. then it is your ditty its a sane human being
to report that person or persons to the proper authorities. And it
is your ditty to do all yoti can to prevent any theft front occuring.
Keep your suite doors. room doors. and house doors locked. at all
times. and mark all of your \uluablcs. Simple precautions cart be the

   

key to simple prevention.

“What‘s it going to be then. ch?“

Do the rats run rampant over SUNYA. or will SUNYA outlive
the rats? Will we be forced to crawl further and further itito an envi-
ronment of fear and crime. or will we tnovc to a new day and age.
where people will not accept being pushed around by art evil fcw'.’
Please help prevent crime be careful. and be observant. Wouldn‘t
it be nice to feel safe again?

 

 

 

 

 

Mk

JAv B. GtsscN. Edi/ohin-Cht'c]
511v: 0511:. Managing Editor

   

 

 

Ntws trittoa . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . M. J. MIEMMOTT
Assot'iAti Ntws unions . (‘itAitLras l)rai,r.. NANI'Y Gi.=AsoN
AM’H'TS riottott . . . . . . . . . . . IittlAb KURTZISR

. . . . . . . . PAULSt‘IIWARTZ
. . . . . . DAVID OSI|()RN
Eart: SALerGtza

Sroa‘ts lil)l‘l(tlt . . . . . .
Assot‘tAir. sroim LDI'IOR
EottoittAt. Mots Him"! . . . . . .
stAri wttnms: Robert lllttsensteiri. Jell Canine. Janet Cerni. Marie Curtissol. Mike Dtinne.
Wendell lleddoit. Michele Israel. Keri KUl’il. Steve ()ster. Don R .si. Aron Smith. Deborah
Smith. David Spiro At' MANAtttas: Jesse Selterer. Lloyd Levcnbcrg ‘I.()D|A(' NEWS: Laura
Sehrauh I'RLVIIZW I’M-11: Diana Oruci Ants conitDtNAroit: Stephanie Del Valle (our! Lth
t'ooituINAt'oit: Patrick Ford NEWS cottons EMERITUS: Matthew Cox.'l‘orn Martello.Jill Haber

 

JONATHAN Honors. Business Manager

. . Diarrrna Kora
. LisA Al’PLI-ZIIAUM I
. StrsAN ASSER

ontttrtsmt; iitANAttrn
llit.r.ii~rt; CONSULTANT
PAvttotJ. MANAGER

 

IIIKIKKIJLI‘INU...........................I§l£’€\’l3lt0WN 1
sAth I‘IIRSONNII.: Steve (ittltlslclll. Jeff tevttari. Richie Mcrmelstein ct.Assirir:o oncttrtsiuoz ‘
Steve Matter COMPOSITION: Amy Soars. llayden (‘arruth At) PRODUC'IION MAN/tout. Irene
l-rrmrit Ao Patitrtit'riouz llildy ltrrind. Sally Ann llrecher. Lit. Rotwod. Laurie Studwell OHIL’E:

Roseritary (iross. Rtitli 'l'erill PAtit. PRH': Leslie Appelhaurn
LVNN Hertz. Production Manager
Roam Goroiiutrr. ri.t.t’ur'llllt' Production Manager

TvPiNt; (‘tNHtDINAHH-t
\‘itt'ttcAt. ('AMutA . . .
(ittArttit-s (‘oUItDINATOR

LURAINIE I.lItI£RAT(lkE
. . . . .. ......PA‘rLov~
. . . , . . .Rori VAN Gaovrzn I
rAstr. UP: Icslre Appelbaum. Michele llerk. Miriatti Epstein. Sophia Kustus. Jill Meyerson.
Betti Simon Twists: Sally Ann ltrccher, Diana Cochran. Robin Goldberg. Carri Janowsky.
Cheryl Kaufman. Clara Kuebler. Marilyn Moskowit't. Ivy Peltz. Beth Stone PRODFREADEI:
Donna Reicliner

PHOTOGRAPHY, supplied principally by University Pitcm Service
('Illu rttorotiaArtiuu Mary Anti Hovak PitorounArituts: Tony Tassarotti. Laura Viscusi.
Scott Aremiin. Rotinne Kulakoff. Bob Iconard. Tanya Ann IiarVeV. Jeff Schnecbtttim. Sam
'l‘erclii. llowie Jacobs. John Chow. Tue Moon Lee

ESTABLISHED I916
The xilhmll’ Student PIP.” l.i‘ [nthlirlmlevery Tuesday and Friday during tlrcxcltoolyt’ur by the
,‘Ifiltllll‘ Student Press Corporation. an independent ttol—frrr-ptoﬂl organizalt‘on. Editorial
[ltllft'l' Lt' determined by Ilu' Editor-f" Chief and is subject to review by Ilrc Editorial Board.
Mui‘lr‘tri.I .‘Ilftfft’ﬂ'l: .‘Ifbtllll' Student Press, CC 129. I400 ll’ushr‘ngron Ava. Albany. N Y [2222
(5/8) 457-8892

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

