   
  

 

 

 
      

       
 

tr.‘--'t~r-.r'rn4. .tr . . n n r I‘V v.1».  -. v» : v-v

"tn-1‘: . 7-. .._ .,

 

 

(FT—Ti _
World News Briefs
Nuke Protesters Plot Take-over

SEAEROOK, N.H. (AP) Both anti-nuclear protesters and ‘
defenders began gathering Thursday night for what the
protesters said would be an'attcmpt to occupy the Seabrook
nuclear power plant construction site. Members of_ the
Coalition for Direct Action at Seabrook. a loosely knit
organization of individuals and groups opposed to nuclear
power, said Thursday that they will still try to occupy the site
despite warnings that they will be facing police from all six
New England states. Police cars and National Guard trucks
were entering the site‘s guarded main gate Thursday while
_demonstrators scouted the terrain. set up campsites and lreld
strategy meetings. An estimated 200 to 300 protesters were in
this town of 5.400 by nightfall. many ofthe camping free in
ﬁelds and backyards owned by local residents who support
their cause — stopping the Seabrook plant in particular and
the use of nuclear reactors in general. Members of the
coalition told reporters Thursday that “thousands of people
from all across the country will come to Scabrook in an
attempt to establish a permanent occupation of the plant
Isitc." They stressed that their plans were “completely non-
violent“and dcfeitded their call for ladders. shovels and wire
cutters to break the fence around the site.

Churchill’s War Speech-A Fraud

 

LONDON (AP) Winston Churchill‘s famous speech. “We
shall fight on the licttclics...Wc shall fight in the hills...Wc
shall never surrender." was broadcast to the world June 4.
I949. by an actor impersonating him the British
Broadcasting Corp. confirmed Wednesday. Churchill
delivered the stirring speech to the House of Commons that
day. and recorded it mtich later along with his other major
speeches. But June 4 was one of the darkest days of World
War II. Churchill was preoccupied with the Dunkirk
evacuation. France was about to fall and America's entry
into the coirllict \ 'as still IX months away. lie was too busy
to record a speech. so thcjob went to BBC repertory actor

 

 

 

 

. Norman Shelley. now 70.

US.

NEW YORK (AP) About l9.000 teen-agers gave the popea
guitar, a “Big Apple" T-shirt. a pair of blue-jeans and a
rising. roaring welcome Wednesday at a youth celebration
that was a, combination rock concert rag-d basketball pep

Youth Embrace Pope

rally. They greeted him with the pulsatin jungle drums that
usually bring the home team hustling ou of the locker room
in a big basketball tournament Then the ‘raftcrs exploded in
an air-splitting thunder of shouts and whistles as the pope
circled the arena in his pope-mobile to the rock beat of
“Space Shuttle" and “Battle Star Galactica"themcs. played
by the lot) piece band of Brooklyn's St. Francis Prep. When
Pope John Paul II lifted a tiny blonde girl froma box seat in
lisi strong armsand placed her on top of the vehicle‘s cab. the
young people from 200 Roman Catholic hgh schools in the.
metropolitan area commenced the rhythmic chant: "Long
live the pope, Long live the pope.“ “The Theme From
Superman". delivered with blaring. brassy gusto by the
almost all-black Cardinal Spellman High School band
serenaded the pope on his way to the throne set up on the
pedestaljust below the basketball scoreboard that was lit tip
with the words. “Holy Father. we welcome you to our city in
your pursuit of human dignity for all.“ In the foot stomping.
cheering crowd. many young people had tears of ecstasy
ruttning down their faces. Several were carried otit in a faint.

canal Dwellers Lose Suit

BUFFALO. N.Y. (AP) A $2.5 billion class action claim filed
on behalf of about 900 residents and former residents oftlic
old Love Canal chemical dump site neighborhood iii
Niagara Falls has been dismissed. Justice Joseph P.
Kliszynski of the State Supreme Court rejected the claim
Wednesday but said individual lawsuits could be filed. A
claim is usually the first step in seeking dainirgcs and. if not
settled. is usually followed by a lawstrit. The giant claim was
filed last year against Niagara Falls. its school board. and
Niagara County. llooker Chemicals & Plastics formerly
operated the notorious driirip and the property was later
taken over by the school board. A school was briill on the site
and homes and roads were built nearby. The state Health
Department declared an emergency at the site in August
I978. after chemicals brrbblcd to the surface and the
department began finding evidence of higher than average

" miscarriage and birth defect rates. The'state evacuated more

than 200 families from homes close to the old dump. State
ofﬁcials say they expect to complete construction on a multi-
million'dollar cleanup project later this month.

DC. Dilemma: SALT And Troops

WASHINGTON (AP) A divided Senate wrangled over the
signiﬁcance of the Soviet troops in Cuba on Wednesday as
West Germany‘s defense minister cautioned that rejection of
the SALT ll treaty would create a “real crisis" for European
allies. A band of senators. most ofthcm Democrats. held the
Senate floor for more than an hour. demanding that the
strategic arms limitation treaty with the Socict Union be
considered on its own merits and not be linked to the
presence of Russian troops in Cuba. Meanwhile. critics of
the treaty continued a drumbeat of complaints about
President Carter‘s handling of the Cuba issue. calling his
response to the Russians disappointing. weak. inadequate
and uninspired. In a Monday night address to the nation.
Carter announced that negotiations witlt thc Russians had
failed to prodtrc ' an agreement that would change the status
oftlie soviet brigade in Cuba. I~le pleaded with the Senateto
ratify the SALT ll treaty without regard to the situation in
Cuba. West German Defense Minister l-lansApcl backed up
Carter‘s contention that European allies in the North
Atlantic Treaty Organirrition want the Senate to approve
the SALT treaty.

SOviets Granted More US Grain

 

WASHINGTON (AP) The United States has surcd the
Soviet Union that it can brry up to 25 million mctrictons of
ll.S. wheat and corn in the coming ycrrr. about ()0 percent
more than it bought in 1978-79. a senior Agricriltrrrc
Department official said Wednesday. Under Secretary Dale
Ii, Hathaway said. however. that the permission to Rris. it
included "nothing that they will. in fact. import tlnri
quantity“ ofgrtriri in the coming) from the United States.
The Agriculture Department currently estimates that the
Soviet Union. beset by a poor harvest this year. will import
around 32.5 million metric tons of grain from all foreign
sources. including the United States.

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

I’liotrr: Ashton 'I‘Iionias

SA To Scan Student Views

Next week. Student Association will be conducting a
survey “to get a grasp of how students feel about the issric"o|
raising the honors requirements. according to Academic
Affairs Chair Lloyd liisltop. The results of the survey will he
used to determine SA's position on the issue.

Last Spring. the Undergraduate Academic Council
(UAC) tabled a proposal regarding the raising of the honors
requirements The present gradesirrc 3.0 forf'um Laurie. 3.4
for Magria (‘rim Horde. and 3.7 for Strmrna (‘uni Loude. If
the proposal is passed. the grades would be raised to All.
3.5. and 3.75 respectively. 'I'hc University Senate has
reqpcsted that the UA(.‘ make rr decision by December.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Red Cross Urges Donors

The American Red ('ross llloorlniobilc will be tlll czirnprrs
Moiidtry. ()ctobcr ti. |0:00 u.ni. to 4:00 pm. in IIlt' ('airrptrs
(‘cnter Aer-nilin llall. Delta Sigma Pi is sponsoring the
visit. according to SUNYA Illoodriiobilc Coordinator 'I out
llurkc.

Through the support of volunteer donors. the American
Red Cross supplies the total blood and blood component
needs of patients in 30 area hospitals throughout the
Northeastern New York lllood Scrvicc chiori. All potential
donors are urged to pre~icgistcr with the fraternity prior to
the day of the visit.

   

 

SUNYA Gets Record Voters

They only wanted 2000 but NYPIRG. SASU. and SA
beat their goal and registered approximately 2|.‘l0 student
votcrs during their voter registration drive. SUNYA also
won a statewide competition by registering more voters than
arty other university in the state.

 

 

‘

l

 

m...

 

 

 

higuw. ..

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

I) A (1!? TWH

ALBAN Y STUDENT PRESS

Sun N BI!"
C ya cws’rcsg)

 

Ear— «« -

,t....r....4

 

Student Patrol Back In Action

 

Work/ Study Pays Students

by Sue Gerber

Aftera two and a lirrll’ycar hiatus.
SUNYA‘s Student Sccttrity Patrol
(SSP) went back into action last
weekend despite financial
difﬁculties.

This year a si/eablc increase in
SUNYA‘s federally funded Work
Study Program was the impctris
behind the resurrection of the SSP,
According to SUNYA Director of
Financial Aids. Donald Whitlock.
$250.00t) allocated for the project is
used to pay the patrollcrs all of
whom are Work/Study students.
The patrols two supervisors are paid
by SUNYA‘s Public Safety
Department.

However
students referred to the patrol
followed through on their
recommendations and were hired.
Ideally. between 25 and 30 students
would be involved.

Work/Study attempts to place
students in jobs applicable to their
planned vocations. However few
students feel the type of work which
the patrol involves has any rclcviincc

only M of the 02

  
   

’l‘orclr

liditor 'l‘oriy 'Iassarotti is glad about the results.

According to Patrol Supervisor
Mike Gilitos. motivation has
presented itselfas a key factor in the
program‘s low strident iirtcrest. Few
students. he said. are willing to
sacrifice evenings and weekends
especially when more opportune
work hours are available elsewhere.

The SSI’ originated in I973. when
it was financed by the Public Safety
Department Temporary Services
funds. According to llcnighan. a
generally bleak economic situation
and state budget cutbacks were
responsible for the pilot project‘s
early demise. The student patrol was
restorcd for a brief period in the
spring of 1977 after SA funds
hccatnc available to the project. As
funding dwindled tltc program was
abandoned.

The patrol itself is designed to
assist the SUNYA police in
maintaining a safe envirornncnt on
campus. Acting as "extra eyes and
ears" for the force patrollcrs are
equipped with flashlights and radios
to facilitate the location of potential
hounds. Although they have no

'I'Irrt'c t't'lll‘.\ offal] hooks ti'illi no [HMS/(ﬁt (ll tl”.

enforcement powers. it is the
patrollcrs accessibility that most
attics SUNYA police.

Also embodied in the SSI’ is an
escort service catering to members
of the SUNYA community who
prefer not to wrrlk alone on campus
at night. At present the program will
he in effect Thursday. Friday. and
Saturday nightsaftcr duskrintil l130
or 2:30 ii.m. Anyone desiring an
escort. or having related problems is
encouraged to cull the Public Safety
Department during patrol hours at
457-7770.

Both (iilitos rind Pttblic Safety
Department .' Director.
.lolrit llcnighan agree that the
program‘s “Work/Study only"
restriction should he lifted
increasing the file of available
volunteers, l'his.tltcy liavcindicaied
may be the direction the project will
follow in coming y 'ars.

Patrol Supervisor (icorgc
Johnson hopes to receive more
funds for the program by making the
campus community aware of its
benefits.

With over 1200 crimes reported at

  

>
v:
i.

 

Strident Securit Patrol Su ervlsor Michael E. Gllltos.

 

The m t'l‘l \IIH'IH of ftlt‘ftft‘lll.\ has r/mrlr'r'rl reenactment of the service.

SUNYA each year. (iilitos fccls the
Student Patrol can both dctcr
campus rimctrndiricrc' ' ascriscol’
sccui'ity utnorig students. Ilcniglrau
called this sense of security "vital".

(iilitos lccls corilidcnt that the

   

.I’Iiotu: More Ila/ck
patrol will reduce the campus crime
rate. While he reported no problems
during the first weekend of the new
prrtrol's operation. he cited the
coming l‘allfcst as “a trric test of our
cllcctivcness".

Class Approves Fall Yearbook

 

18 Votes Makes Difference

by Aron Smith

A margin of eighteen totes has
tiL'lL‘l'llliIIt‘tI that 'I'rm'h '80 “ill be
distributed llt'.\l lull liIlIIL'l tlirrn in
May.

St'lllttfs \r'lcrl
concerning rr inrrdtrrriiou \pcukr‘t
.riul senior \tr'ck L‘\t‘l|l\tl\ \tt‘llus tlic
)cnrbook .rt trrblcs nurnucil III the
t'riinpus t‘crur'r Iohbi lust \rcck.
llnrrcrrr. :i \r~r_\ small percentage of
tlic class IllIIlL'tl out for thr poorly
priblici/ctl \otc. resulting iii rr Illlill
tally of H” for n lrrll book :rrid lll
tutoring a spring book.

"I felt tlrrrt it was significant tharl

Ull tittt‘slrotis

it's the third litl'r’fl that “Ill be
published III the trill." said
l'iiitcisrly l’hoto l'rn‘t’lr ('hicl

Photograpth Anthony Irrssarottr.
"All three have been \cry successful
books that suffered no
catastrophes.

li;I\c

RCO Doctoral Proposal Readied

 

Woelfel Sﬁys It’s Needed

by Peter Ilereniy

A final proposal for a Rhetoric
and Communication (RCO)
doctoral prograiir will be ready by
the end of this year. according to
Dean of the (‘ollcgc of Humanities
irrrd l-inc Arts .lohri Sehrrrrrzrkcr.

“'l'hc letter of intent has already
been approved by the l'acrrlty."said
Schumakcr.

I.) 'tltt of (irrrdtmic Studies Robert
McFarland will rcticw the proposal.
which will then be approwrl by the
State liducation Dcpartrncut
(SED). According to Schriniakcr.
the proposal may not be apprmed
for at least two years.

Part of the program's purpose is

OCTOBER 5, I979

to open tip the RCOdcpnrtincnt to
include English and Sociology. "We
need to synt hcsi/c these fields under
the name of commrrnicrrtion." sriid
RCO (iraduatc Program Chair .Ioc
Woclfcl.

Woclfcl said the department
"desperately needs this program if
lt('() is to miririain its level of
excellence.“ He added that
SllNYA's RCO department needs
to be itpdated with a doctoral
program if it is to mcct graduate
stridcnts‘ ttEinands for it continuing
education.

According to Woclfel. SIlNYA's
RCO stuff leads the country in
theory. adviruccd mathematics. and

statistical methodology. SUNYA.
ltc added. has the most advanced
(iAl.ll.l-‘() computer system in tire
country. “SllNYA‘s superiority in
this system is basically due to its
Rt‘t) faculty which founded and
d \clopcd this system."

lhc (iAl.ll.li() system solicits
intoirnation from the public by
telephone. which is then pt‘o‘ ..
in ii SUNYA computer. A diagram
is provided assessing rcgiouirl.
ptihlic. and cultural beliefs,
GALILEO information is tiscd'by
corporations such as (ieiicrttl
Motors. l‘ord. Iilirc Cross trnd lllue
Shield.

 

lhc rnuior rtiltrirrirrgc of a tall
book is its lllt‘ilhltill of such spring
merits in graduation. It'lL’lllttll ltlltl

st‘rrior week. said ('lnss of ‘30
l'icsrdclil l):r\c Wciiitrrttrh.
“llir- \[tttlltl hook. itri\\c\t‘t'.

\\tlllitl puc tlic \L‘lllttlS Ihc clittrrcc to
shore Illt'll books \\Itlt their lircnds
illItI iltI\L' tlicrit signed iI rlcsiicd.
lttslt'iltl ol lilt’ll hooks
\\Ilt‘ll theyic tir grail NL'lltItliS across
the country." erItI \\’cinti;riih.
('r~rrtirrl ('otrut'il confronted the
lin'r It stall in l‘l7h‘. after u unilateral
decision “as ltIiltlL‘ llI Ill\ttl' of it full
book A rirlr-rsubsequently:ittarclicd
to thc I'orr/r budch lirrc directs the
scriior class to poll ll\ members [It
determining the ycrrrhook's drrtc of
distribution. ll) the time such a poll

IL‘L'I‘H III)!

was Inst taken. deadlines for a
spring book had already passed.
according to University Photo

Scnicc.’ 'I‘orr'lr photographer Iioh
lcounrd. When the rcfsults of the
poll lintrlly hccainc iriailablc
(October. l‘)7tt). seniors firvot‘ing it
full hook L'lllllt‘ ottt rrlicitd anyway.

"the class should be given the
clrrrncc to rlccirlc “llt‘lllt'l' their book
sllttllitl be ri spring book or a fall
book." Weintrattb. “The
_\c.rrbook strrll feels that it should be

\tlltl

rrri cdriorrrrl decision "

\\’r-inti.ruh ltrrois rr s)slctti similar
to one used Ill l‘)7(i. In that _\t-.ri. .r
l\\ o»\olunic yearbook “as
published. it ill” hook with tl\tilllit1
supplement \\ci'c held together in a
case. llc called such it lactic
inipirrctrcrrl for tltc l‘littt book.
liti\\c\t‘|’. citing pi‘olrihitue costs
and the ncccssit) ol incrcrrscd hrbor
on the part of yearbook staff.

"It the) havetohristthcrnsclicsio

run/inner] nlt page sr'i't'n

 

Dean of the College of Humanltles'imd Flue Artit John Sehuntalter.
The R('0 Depart/Item "desperately needs“Ihcprupore roclora program.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE THREE

 

~44...—

 

i

