 
 
    
 

 

 

by wfa. Beelin-

“We got beat 15-2,” commented a
reflective Albany State varsity
baseball coach Bob Burlingame on
last spring‘s opener against RPl.
“We're looking forward to doing a
better job this time.” .

That could be said of the entire
season as well. as the Danes look to
improve on spring's 9-9-2 record as
well as last fall's 7-9 mark.

Experience on the mound. in the
ﬁeld. at the plate. and on the bases
could combine to make it a most
enjoyable campaign for Burlingame.
who is ,in his 20th and last season as
Albany‘s baseball coach.

“In the fall we had six positions to
ﬁll, not to mention the lack of depth
and experience of our pitchers.”
recalled the coach. “With the fall
under our belts, we’ve got pretty
good balance now, almost a veteran
club. l‘d say."

The hurling department “does
look stronger." and why shouldn't it.
with senior Ed Sellers and junior
Bruce Dey back after another
semester of football under their
wings. Those wings. along with

junior Mike Clabeaux's. have
combined for l00fthclrist lovarsity
wins spanning two semesters.

The “Big Three" each had special
outings to be proud of in I978.
Scllcrs' decision over Division I
Colgate highlighted a spring season

in which he and Dey hurled shutouts
over l-lartwick and Onconta,
respectively. Dey also whitewashed
Union while losing a 2-0
heartbreaker to powerhouse
. Claberuix posted four fall
he niost impressive is
6-3 success over rival
ld. rain. and virtual

 
   
   

Siena in the
darkness. 4
The battle ov r~ fourth starter
honors will be settled amongjuriior
(iary LaConture. sophomore Lou
Weinberg. and freshman Ron
’l‘liorn. LaConturc is the only one
with an) previous varsitycx ‘rience
and looks n have the initial inside
track. lefthander Weinberg "looks
like he has all the tools'laccordingio
llurlingame. “but he just has to
prom himself." Thorn. another
football player. had a very successful
high school career and is looking to
be penciled in as well.

The bullpen chores will fall to
junior control specialist Rich Woods
and senior slider slinger Andy
Firestone. "Woody". who doubles as
the team trainer. had a good deal of
success as a starter toward the end of
the fall campaign. Southpaw
Firestone comes off tough autumn
fire calls against Division ll
Springﬁeld and Utica in which he
could be accused of something much
less than arson.

Behind the plate, fourth-year
receiver Mike Mirabella "has it all
defensively," according to
llurlingame, as well as leading the
Danes in home runs last spring. The
football running back is one of
Albany's most dangerous power
hitters as well as a quiet team leader.
Backing up Mirabella more than
capably is sophomore Mike Fionto.
number one JV catcher last year.
Fion'to is an excellent defensive

   

backstop. but has yet to see varsity

 

 
      
  
  
 
  
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
   
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
 

rience Gives Batmen Potential PawerhOuse

 

Coach Bob Burlingame’s Squad Shows . '

 

tcliing. His superlative bench
jockeying abilities may also help the
hatmen alongthe way too few spring
victories.

Going around the horn. junior
Dave l’eck. who Burlingame says
“doesn‘t have a bad glove." tends to
first base. with Mitch Chusid. a
steady junior. on the inside track at
second. Senior co-captain Chris
Siegler holds together the inﬁeld at
short. while sophomores Willie
Flynn and Andy Dynn share a lot of
experience as Well as the duties at

Depth And Talent At Every Post

'tion

up

   
 

 

 

third. 0n those occasions when
Sicgler backs up Peck at ﬁrst.
freshman llruce Rowlands more
than iitnply fills the left side hole.

In the outfield, leftfield chores fall
to fourth-year varsity co-cnptain
Roger Planter. who covers a lot of
ground v‘tli excellent speed.
l’liintier th e .tz‘t have a "gun". but it
Sll’llllg. r'll llltllc lll‘lll in “fly CUSC.
Suphum' .e Wayne Flynn has "the
best combination of speed and arm
since 'ler‘ry Kenny (l974)"uccording
to llurlingitnie, and uses those

 

talents to cover the tough centerfield
rtrL'tt.

ltightt’ielder Gary MacCarthy
doesn't cover the ground of either
l’hintier or Flynn. but does have the
arm advantage, where he carries a
“good, strong rifle" in Burlingame‘s
estimation. Visiting student Joe
Macchip brings his Queens College-
lioiied talents to the \‘Iﬁrning-track
arena this spring. where he will if
nothing else rival MacCarthy for
tobacco-chewing honors.
On paper. the Albany State

r

offense looks extremely potent. At
the plate the Danes boast six strong
swingers for average and power in
Mirabella, Peck, Sieglerz
Planticr. Wayne Flynn, and Mike
George. With Mirabella's fence-
clearing abilities, it becomes a
question of who will be aboard when
the ship sails. Lefty Siegler recorded

a sizzling .397 average in l978, while .
All-Conference-i

Plantier’s
condemning .39l was no crime at all.
The righty-swinging. lefty-tossing
left ﬁelder also set a school record of
40 hits over the course of the f all year
(fall ‘77-spring '78).

First-sacker Peck connected 35
percent of the time successfully to
lead the fall team with a .358
percentage. Leadoff specialist
Wayne Flynn led the team in on-base
average in the autumn. and Mike
George. after a shoulder injury
induced layoff of more than a year, is
slated to lend some deﬁnition to the
term "designated hitter." Chusid and
MacCarthy provide clutch hitting
almost at will.

“We've got l0 guys at least with
the potential to hit .300." noted
liurlingame. the Dane general
added. however. that “it's a short
season (20 games) and it all depends
on how they start off."

As far as baseputh speed. Albany
boasts fotir virtual green lights in
l’lanticr. (ieorge. and the Flynn
twins. l’lanticr's tcrtm record 24
stolen bases looks about rcadytofrill
this year as both he and Wayne
Flynn enjoyed solid autumns with II
and If) thefts respectively. Willie
Flynn pulled off nine successful
licists. mostly in pinch-running
situations. this fall while George has
proved his motoring prowess before.
Four or five other players with fair
speed should keep the opposition
guessing for the most part.

“Usually. you try to arrange orie-
fourtli of your schedule against
stronger clubs. orte~hrtlf with learns
you have a 50/50 chance of beating.
and the final fourth against teams
you should beat." explained
Burlingamc as he reached for this
spring‘s Dane schedule. "You don‘t
see any weak spots on this thing."
frowned the coach. “There‘s not a
piitsy on there."

Among the Albany opponents are
a slew of rated tetins in all three
divisions. Division l opposition will
come from Colgate and Siena.
Division ll from top-rated
leMoyne. lHartwick and Utica. .
and of the Division lll clubs.
liinghamton. Cortland. rind
Oneonta always seem to take home
prizes of some kind.

“Is-2. We playcdjust awful," said

llurlingrime. memory stll recreating '

last year‘s RPl debacle. a decision
the coach has a passion to reverse.
This Saturday, the Danes get that
chance as the Engineer nine crosses
the river to play the l979 edition of
Albany State varsity baseball.

And if it is true that the honorable
rattlesnake gives warning before a
strike. let future batmen opponents
beware: The Dane baseball squad
seems to be ready to make a great
deal of noise this spring.

 

 

  
    
   
    
 
    
    
     
     
   
     
    
      
     
     
     
     
    
    
   
     
    
    
     
     
   
    
   
 
    
  

             

  

z
'i

 

  
 
  
  
    
  
  
  
  
 
 

The Albany State Laerolu squad dropped tholr openlng game at the
uaeon to Oswego last Saturday. (Photo: Scott Areman)

the ﬁrst national championship of

by Jay Gluen
anv sort that Albany has hosted.

It is called synchronized
swimming. but at its best. it appears
more like a meticulously timed
nautical ballet. as uniformly suited
girls make their way around a large
pool. dipping. twirling, gliding, and
,swimming in perfect unison. ’lhis
past Weekend. it was at its best. as
Albany hosted the AlAW national
‘Chllm ionships at University Pool.

The winning schools were Ohio
State University. and The University
of Arizona. who tied forﬁrst placein
the team competition, and
collectively won every other
category. includingjunior and senior
ﬁgure competition. as well as solo.
duct and trio competitions.

   
  

Rascism Is Not The Problem

by Paul Schwartz # #/

      
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
   
  

 

in the current matter concerning racism and the Albany State football
program. it seems that there is an abundance of accusations. btit not nearly
enough calm. rational thinking. To charge a coach of being biased is one
v thing. but it is a whole new biillganie to accuse it man of being a racist.,
Robert Ford is not a racist. He is not a man that would favor anothernian
. simply on the basis of skin color. Robert Ford is an honest man. and honest
4 men do not discriminate on the grounds of race.
l‘llle has been the cliicl architect of the highly successltil Albany football
program. a program that has been built by both white and black players. ‘

Players on the Albany State football team have complained that they were
not treated fairly 'l his is rioiltitig new. The one thing that athletes on all levels
of competition litivc in conirnou is that they complain. Starters sulk when
they itre removed from a game; players on the bench grumble because they
are sitting instead of playing. Whether at Albany State. Ohio State, or it
member of a professional team. wherever there are athletes. there is dis-
satisfaction.

llut the recent complaints directed at the Albany football program cannot
merely be discounted its typical players complaints. When it group of black
players lodge complaints about the lootball program. it must be looked into.
There have been too many institutions that have displayed racist policies, and
these institutions must be investigated. and their policies must be changed.

However. this is not the case at Albany. The football coaching staff-hits
shown no signs fo racism. Still. it problem must exist. and that problem hes in
the often-used Word “cornniunicution.“ Ford has stated. “I feel that if one
side or the other feels there is a cortiriitinication problem. then yes -- there
titttst be one. And at this point one sid_e has definitely indicated so."

Ford. is white from Massachusetts. may not be able to completely relateto
an inner-city black player. llut ii man's hackround should not bea liability ‘—
it should bean asset. Here is where the remedy lies. Ablack Football coach is
needed at Albany. if the program intents to recruit black players, then in
fairness to both thcplayers and the coaches, there should be a black man on
the coaching staff. Anything less would be detrimental to the football
program that Ford has created at Albany State.

mime

 

 

f Stickrnen Fall Short To Oswego In Opener, 16-15

"an....t..i..a.-....u.a..t

Tuesday. April's. 1979

 

Attachman Bill Schmohl Nets Six Goals;
Albany Defensive Lapses Key In Setback I

.by MJ. Memmott

There was a shoot-out at Albany
State Saturday afternoon. and when
the dust (or mud) ﬁnally settled the
Oswego Great Lakers lacrosse team
had beaten the Albany Great Danes
l6-l5. A defensive battle it was not in
Albany‘s opener this season.

“Both teams played real well. our
defense just didn‘t do as well as it
could have." said Albany coach
Mike Motto after the game.

Oswego opened the scoring. but
the Danes were quick to respond to
the challenge. Senior co-captain Bill
Schmobl started the Albany
stickmcn off with the first of his six
goals for the game. Schmobl would
prove to be the man Albany would
go to all day when they nebded some
ﬁrepower.

The Lakers however. had their
own version of Schmobl in
attackman Ken Walker. Far and
away the class of Oswego team.
Walker has six goals and three
assists to spearhead their attack.

Ohio State had been the favorite
all along. coming to Albany State
with l8 swimmers. entering two
squads in the competition.
Michigan, another strong school.
also entered two squads. but placed
no higher than third in any of the
events. as Arizona's l2 graceful
swimmers dominated the pool and
easily won most ofthe events. edging
out Ohio St. in the solo. duct. and
trio competitions. as well as senior
ﬁgure competition.

The only Albany State trophy
winner was Elizabeth White. who
placed seventh in the solo
competition. an event Won by Pam
'l’ryori, one of Arizona‘s best
swimmers. a dynamic girl who also
captured second place in the senior
ligurc competition. and shared
second place in the duel
competition. '

l'ryon. a freshman. enjoyed
coming to Albany for the
competition. and hopes to "meet up
with us again next year. 'Ilic
competition was great." she said
after the awards ceremony. “The
people have been lei'rilic.and we did
really well. What more cotild we ask
for in the first national
cliaiiipiririsliip'l“

Ohio State had won two previous
unofficial championships. but this
year‘s competition in Albany marks
tltc first officially sanctioned title
meet at the college level. Originally.
Arizona was supposed to host the
event. but Albany was asked to do it
when Arizona backed out.

Albany State Cygndtli coach and
Meet Director Pat Rogers thought
the event went over very well. and
was pleased with the success ofasell-
out crowd and good competition.

in the junior ﬁgure" Competition.
held on Friday. Ohio State grabbed
almost all seven places. yielding only
third place to Michigan State. a

school whose skilland talent was less

With Albany ahead 2-l early in
the ﬁrst quarter, Walker started his
show by ntoving the ball up the
Danes wide-open middle and
scoring from l5 feet outside the net.
This was only the beginning of the
see-saw battle. The teamsexchanged
goals again to knot the score at 3.
when Dane midfielder Rich
Heimerle treated the crowd of 200 to
one of the most exciting plays of the
game.
Picking the ball up deep in his own
territory. Heimerle carried it upﬁcld
to behind the Oswego net. Then, ina
patented move he would use again
later in the game. lleimerle dodged
away from the Laker defender.
circled around in front of the net.
and ﬁred the ball past goaltender
livan Souvering.

Both teams scored again before
the end of the ﬁrst quarter. which
closed with Albany on top 54.

The Danes opened the second
quarter with a bang. moving the ball
downﬁeld quickly on a fastbreak

 

Formallona such as thls were common lhll weekend at Unlvoralty

which resulted in a shot that glanced
off the post. Oswego came right back
from that rush though. and with
Albany a man down because of a:
holding penalty. the Lakers scored
to tie the game at 5.

Schmobl then scored on a pass
from Heimerle. before the Danes
gave up three straight goals. Two of
those goals were sent home by
Walker. who patrolled the Albany
middle as if he owned it.

The Lakers rangvup two more
goals before the end ofthe ﬁrst half.
but the ﬁnal minutes of the second
quarter were highlighted by———who
clse'l——Schmohl.

Diving across the ﬁeld to push
home the rebound of a Heimerle
shot. Schmohl tallied his third goal.
But the Dane attackman proved he
was human on his last two shots of
the half.

Standing at point-blank range.
Schmohl saw the ﬁrst of his golden
opportunities richochet off the top

continued on page 17

Ohio State, Arizona Tie For Synchronized Title

 

Pool. alto ot the Natlonata tor sync awlm. (Photo: Marc Hen-chat)

evidcrtt due to the domination of the
two leaders.

In senior figure competition. also
held on Friday. Arizona's Michele
lleaulicu and Tryon took ﬁrst and
second respectively. while Ohio
State‘s Tara Cameron took third.

()ne of Ohio State's strongest
swimmers. Cameron placed well in
all the events she was in. thoughﬁrst
place eluded her. “Arizona was just
fabulous." Ihc said. “We knew they
Were a very good team. but they
really stood out this Weekend."

In the solo competition. Tryon

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

edged out Cameron by 1.5 points.
scoring 57.9 out of 60 to Cameron's
56.4. Ruth Pickett of Michigan took
third in this most intriguing and
beautiful competition. where the
girls get it chance to have the pool all
to themselves.

In the duct competition, Arizona
got the number one and two spots.
with Marie and Sara White Icoringa
58.1. and Beaulieu and Tryon
scoring a 58.0. Ohio State‘s Karen
Callaghan and Cameron grabbed
third with a 56.8.

continued on page 15

PAGE NINE I E!“

 

 

