 

 

 

Edier and Designed
by
Jay Gisscn
and
Stuart Mulrungn

Prmluclion

Elissa neck, Clili' Sloun, Bob “lull, Murllyn Mosknwltz.

(L'nntribulmzs'

Tom Marlello, Jim "bum, Mark Rosslcr.

 

Jordan Mclzgcr, Vlnccnl Alello, Murly Vukovlch. Duvc Bolijnmin, Rub (.‘rulmmn,

LJII)’ Gisscn, Stuart Malruuuu, Clll'i' Sloan. Mike Dunne. l’uul Schwartz, Ilun Levy,

[I

 

 

I'IIII -
llev.Ilggulyu11lrlllllli

 

1‘

 

 

 

,1

 

 

 

 

mu

 

Dear Readers,

y I shall begin by talking about the past. It occurred, there is much evidence of that. It has remained
because it is still regarded by us who‘ have lived it, we who seek ways to preserve capture and maybe
define an age past. ’ ’

In America, the decade has come to represent such an age. A convenient, arbitrary designation of
where the bookmarks of time will go, but an accurage gauge for change just the same. I was born in
the secure but stagnant one, grew up as a child in the frenzied, active one, became an adult in the
apathetic one, and am prepared for the new one. Of course, all those adjectives are highly subjec-
tive, but you still knew which decade was being referred to.

So there are indeed relics, and generalizations and universally agreed upon important happen-
ings, all merging from various roads of reality into the well of history. Capturing that history is hard
its challenging. We have tried to make an additional relic, a relic that speaks of all the other relics,
but with you in mind: Students, on the verge of 1980 with hard decisions to come about your future,
the world and what the seventies will ultimately mean to you. '

Are you a fan of Muhammad Ali? Will he last in your memory, will you cherish forever the days
when you loved him? Or will Richard Nixon stick around, nosing his head into your political files of
history? Maybe R2D2 will never wear out his battery.

And if time fleets, then history disappears at a snail's pace. lt‘s what we get to keep in the after-
math of occurrence. ' V

The occurrences of the seventies, as in any other decade, contain the elements of both fruitful pro-
Igor: 522371531? Y6“6é‘ii°ri{‘v"£r‘§5iin/Téb‘v'éa'as‘ééiaamrag 'r'a‘afé’msa’ é" phage. say are ‘a‘r’r’s 'ha ve' lost "  '
their art, others wallow in the daring leaps into experimental realms.

Power, the ever-present drive that has been with man since the dawn of civilization, has realized
itself in the likes of a lovable Pope, an over-wrought President, an insane African, and a daring Egyp—
tian. For some of those, it left again quickly, for others, it remained. Power continues to be a tran-
sient possession, and as political struggles in such places as lran, Bolivia, Uganda, Rhodesia, and
South Africa become more common, it is no longer limited to falling upon those who have been
holding it for any length of time, of any class, of any allegiance. It can be anyone’s.

Ali had power, and Reggie Jackson and Secretariat. Power over the fans that turned to themes
heroes; winners. Sports survived the seventies, although most New York teams didn't. The Yankees
were up again, but finished the decade on decline. It has been long since we've had winners in either
football or basketball, but our hockey teams have improved. The Mets were met and beat. Of course,
there are other stars, other'heroes, for sports can always boast a perfect balance of losers and win-
ners, a necessary combination of the glorious and the defeated.

Just like Hollywood. They had the war in the sixties and we put it on film in the seventies. Money
5, hits and record breaking critically acclaimed classics. Box office
records were shattered and people grabbed on to Chewbacca and a Force as the Wild West floated
into outer space where the good guys still won. The stars were good looking and beautiful, a fair
Share of old ones left for that sound stage in the sky, and the Hollywood image still clung on to
millions of Americans. The movies in the seventies were a hit.

T.V. followed suit. It became more daring, more repulsive, more exploitive. The quality suffered,
the quantity snow—balled. It leaves this decade in a state of extreme disarray. .

And if youtcheck your attic, or your basement, most of your relics are in a state of disarray; dust—
covered moth bitten, old looking and without the glow of youth. Perhaps in many years from now
you will discover this small volume stacked away somewhere, hidden against time and memory In a
dark closet or box. Perhaps you will enjoy eyeing it again, perhaps you will find it a fond remem-
brance. The decade was yours, and so is this, a relic to speak of other relics.

was spent like mad to create star

—- The Editors

 

 

 

