  

got

 

 

 

Lux1rsnai’u‘rrrr1'r3-r.s...._ .. . . . . :—

 

 

 

  
  
  
 
 
  
  
   
    
   
     
   
   
  
  

oaoap... ,,'....".apgg'apoaloalllllrl...
agoon-nopnanoopppan-cacao.plooo'aogla-ananao 0.. ,,,.aollao"‘-l
0"... I'O'aollndl
canon-no.-

 

  

 

topitConn-.i'b'iatc-o'aiooail-'Dda' no . _

J

211 Central Ave., Albany 434-0085

 is RuNNiNq A
MARATHON SALE :
ion 72 houns smAith FRidAy 1'0 A.M. NOVEMbER 16
Thttouqh SATundAy 6 RM. NOVEMbER 1 7 '

' All CBS

$7.98 li5T pRiCE Albums 8t TApEs
$ 1. 9 9 EACh ‘

ANd fort you REAl bARQAiN'Ci-IASERS
‘ SATundAy 2 A.M. To 6 A.M.

All th15

$7.98 lisr pRiCE Albums 8t TApEs
$1 . 9 9 EACH

SANTANA

‘MARAThON'

ENTER The

MARATHON

Including:
Von Know That i Love You

.<- :I  ‘
FC36154 "Marathon"isSantana's

newest release, combining all origi‘
nal songs and soaring guitar solos

 

Lightning in The Sky/All l Ever Wanted
Stand UpiRunnIn/Slathesido Mel

arios, punctuated by t e

s..r...*;...:tz SAlE ENds NOVEMbER 'l-7

 

 
  

 

  

$8.98 lisr pRiCE Albums 8t TApEs

$4.49 EACH

$8.98 lisr pRiCE Albums 8t TApEs
$4.49 EACH

ON CBS RECORdS 8t TApEs

$4.49

 

 

 

 

‘SANTANA Mini-MARAThON'

Date:
Time:
Race:

Saturday November 17. I979
10:00 A M.

proceeding down Washington to Just~A-Son Reco d
Annual finish will be on Robin Street. 9 r 5'

Entry Fee:

Pro-registration v $2.00

Registration v (Day oi Flace) - $3.00

Awards:

ALL PROCEEDS ARE TO BE DONATED TO
"THE YEAR OF THE CHILD CHAR/TY"

104 CBS Albums oi your choice

for the First Place finishers. as below:
52 to the that male finisher
52 to the that lemale finisher

Second Place:
Third Place:
T~Shirlsz

Male~Guls All-Weather Running Suit

Fomale~Movlng Comiort Ail-Weather Running Suit

Mate~Saucony Hornet Running Shoes
Female-Saucony Hornet Running Shoes

The ilrst 250 people to enter will receive

a beautiful SANTANA MINI MARATHON l-shlrl.

lusr-A-Sortq Reconds 21 1 Central AVE.

6 miles from the campus. around perimeter road onto Washington Ave. and

On You CAN RUN The 2.5 MilE ‘RUN Fort Cold.’

Pniles fort Tlt_E Top 3 link ANdf l f‘ ' h
Tnoplnes To Tubottq Beehms‘itfinlsniﬁgirz’itzagq [mm

T-shirtrs To The linsr 150 people To ENTER.
ENTn BlANIts fort Borh RACES CAN bE icitEd u AT:

FlrcT FEET 1593 CENTnAl Ave.

. ' AleNy STATE Recond Co-Op
DINNER Lines oN Tursdny at ThunsdAy Novemben 1 I a 15

 

OIIJIOIJII'IO‘JIDOIJJJJJ'D'JI
0'00-
pol-ocop-oaraoccult-o-o'opnoaoaacnaao11-0..noon-at-.-50---..-l--..p,-p-'-"-l--attna-
poll:

 

aaaaooapoagv'opooopanor:apano.a.Doucao'ooo'o-oa'a-UOODJ.

 

 

 

those beans will cause it to be more bearable
when living in the sewer. But what makes
these beans so special? Why are they “status
beans"? What makes one bean better than
another? l’ve eaten lots of beans (crocks and
cracks). but why should’one can of beans
cost thirty-nine cents at the A&P. and
another can cost thirty-five dollars at Bloom-
ingdalc's?

Also. theSe SAPS wear spiked wheels. This
is irrational. in my opittion. Very foolislt.
when you’re working in those scwcrs. You
can't ride a bike down there; there isn't any
room. However. these SAPS ntust know what
they're doing if they are so successful.

The SAPs are famous for an attitude that
they have. They are said to be always looking
down on people. But in a sewer. how can one
do anything but look tip at people?

Also, they haw: been known to tease rocks
an awful lot. Why would sontconc want to
lease a rock? Rocks have no feeling. no emo-
tion. They are all the same to me. 'l‘hcy can't
be hurt. nor brokctt. they are so hard. To be
a "Rock-Teaser" docsn't sccnt to make scnsc
to ttte.

Please. someone clatify thcsc
misunderstandings l have conic across. I sltttll
call upon a Scwngc Atncrictut Princess
mysclf. i am told tltcy live on Dtttclt Quad.
Living on Colonial. i imagine thcy ili'L' ttot
too pt'cvztlcnt iict’t‘.

 

w lictlt (ioldstcin

On behalf of hcrsclf
and others who want to
wipc ottt SAl’s itt tltcir
lifctimcs

Holiday Hassles

'l‘o lltc Editor:

1 am finally inccnscd!

i am curiotts if it is comttton for SUNY
Albany to transcend state law or not? i
specifically refer to the failure of this univcr~
sity to obscrvc regular, lcgttl stzttc holidttys as
mandated by state law. To my knowlcdgc.
SUNY Albany fails to observe Lincoln's liir—
thday. Coltttttbus Day. anti Vctcrttn‘s Day.
'l‘hcsc days are specifically dcsignatcd by Al'-
ticlc 2. paragraph 24. General Construction
Law of tire State of New York as lcgul stttlc
holidays. it is finc that rcligious holidays
such as Roslt Hilsililllilil and Yottt Kippttt' ttt'c
obscrvcd itt respect of tltc .lcwish population
ltcrc. th. tltc university fails to rccogni/c
sttttc holidays. livcn though this Vctcrttn's
Dtly falls on a Sunday, as do some other
holidays. it was dccidcd itt two state cottrt
cuscs that should a holiday full on it Sunday.
tltc following Monday shall be observed its a
holiday (Jones v. Fuchs. 100 App. Div. 260.
1905; 00/1ch v. it"ordt'n. 75 App. Div. 47.
l902). Besides this. tltc I92! Opinions oflltt'
Allorntﬁv General. p. 377 statcs that Ar—
ntisticc Day (Vctcran's Day) wltctt observed
as a national holiday. shall also bc obscrvcd
it. t Ncw York holiday. Sincc Veteran's Day
is so declared as a national holiday by 36 U. S.
Cur/c 6103. tltctt Veteran‘s Day is also
observed by the state.

it is very kittd of tltc university to givc of-
ficc personnel at chance to obscrvc tltc
holidays wlticlt stand for tire dccds which
ntadc this cotttttry wltat it is today. But what
of tltc student and tltc professor"? Why arc
tltcy not given tltc satncopportunity? Wc arc
ttt‘rcstcd of this chance ttttlcss we wish to
forgo our classes for tltc day itt order to do
so. is tltcrc some spccittl stattttc that l attt ttot
awarc of which abzttcs our right to a lcgttl
obscrvancc of :1 legal holiday? Othcr people
may ttot bc concerned itt tltc lcnst whctltcr
tltcy have a legal holiday for ohscrvttncc of
tltcsc days or ttot. bttt i do! These days were
set aside for a pttrposc — to rccognizc and
cclcbratc significant dccds or events itt
Atttcricnn history. if tltcy arc only to be
observed by a small tttittority. why ttot revoke
tltosc observance privilcgcs frottt thc rc-
tttaittdcr of tltc holidays now observed:
Christmas. New Year's Dtty. Washington's
birthday. Labor Day. Independence Day.
and so on.

 

— Eric C. Naglc

._._A.

Get Tough._America!

To the Editor:

The seizure of the United States Embassy
in Teheran by terrorists is a fanatical. wanton
act of war. The extreme hostility of this ac-
tion is demonstrated by the fact that even
among non-peaceablc. warlike countries. em-
bassies and their personnel are protected.
iran. being currently ruled by a religious ex-
tremist. ltas shown no need or desire to con-
form to the civilized customs and concepts of
western democracies. so why should they
stop with a mere kidnapping?

President Carter's answer to lran is com»
ntendable and must be supported iii a whole-
ltcartcd effort by the American people. He
has been wise enough to skirt tltc dangers of
botlt itt action and of overrcaction. Support
is essential even though it will not affect tltc
intmcditttc rclcasc of hostages Itcld itt tltc
U.S. lintbttssy itt Tchcran.

'l‘hc bcttcfits of Carter‘s order stopping tltc
importation of lrttniun oil catt be seen im-
ntcditttcly. and tltc costs. if arty. fclt only
gradually.

First. the U.S. position of ttcvcr bending to
tltc dctnttnds of terrorists is upheld.

Second. tltc U.S. will tint. on any account.
rclcttsc to terrorists an ally and supporter for
over twcnty ycttrs itt tltc person of tltc Shah
of lran.

’l‘ltitd. tltc LLS. will Ito lonch ltc iii a posi—
tion to succumb to any further bluckntttil
from Hull its thc "()il Axc" has been tctntn-
cd from ovcr ottt' ltcttds.

The fourth and. most important effect of
Prcsidcnt (‘nrtcr‘s motes will givc tltc
Antct'icmt pcopic il concrctc poittt on which
to cntbttrk on the typc of serious conserva-
tiott cfforts nccdcd to release this country
frottt rclitutcc on itttportcd oil and thc ()l’liC
countries.

(ict tottglt and stay

tough Antcricu!

Diplomatic or military action may ttot rclcasc ‘

ottr brothers and sistct's imprisoned us
hoslugcs itt Tchcran bttt conservation will
stop our grcttt nation's dcpcntlcncy on lilL‘
oil-producing cottntrics of thc cast.

~ David W. Muntl

Near Nuclear War

To the iitlitor:

Last l‘iidtl)’. November 9. tltc United
States ctttttc vcry closc to nuclear war. This
fact has ttot t'cccivcd tttcdia covcrttgc. i think
ntorc pcoplc should bc ntadc atvttrc of this
fact. At 10:50 a.nt.. tltc U.S. was rttttttittg a
test attack through the computer. Using
“war garlic" tltcorics‘. a simultttcd nuclear at—
tack by tltc Russians was plttggcd ittto a corn-
putcr. We wct'c tcsting ottr dcfcnsc system.

Dttc to an “error.” various world—wide
buscd tracking systems. NORAD. did not
know it was only a “simulated attack." The
cotttttry \vtts pttt on “gcncratcd alert." it
took six minutcs for tltc tracking systems to
bc ztlcrtcd that this was only :t test. 'l'hc way
tltc syslcttt works is if uftcr scvcn minntcs
verification has not bccn rcccivcd. otu lntcr-
Continental littllistic Missilcs ilCliMs) arc
autonntticully fit'cd by cotttputcr. 'l'llliRl-I
ARE NO STOP CODES.

We came (ti) ccontls away from killing
millions of Ru. ts: who knows what would
httvc bcctt tltc conscttttcnccs. l bclicvc it is
titttc that people actually began finding ottt
more about this issue. 'l'hcrc itl’t,‘
"ntttclto-psychotic“ pcoplc who arc dcztling
with killing millions of pcoplc. They are
literally playing games. if we don't start now
itt finding out what is lutppctting tltcrc might
be a very high price to pay!

Art issue as important as this rcccivcd nottc
if any coverage. Page 30 of Sunday
Novctttbcr l8 had one article. The press has a
responsibility which it must live up to. What
exactly is happening with nuclear war? The
people need to know ntorc. How close were
we. was it itt fact one ntittttte away from a fttll
sculc nuclear war. if so we should stop arty
fttturc possibility of war now.

' —-— Jcrctny Carlson
Coalition Against Nukes

 

 

 

  
  

' To End Our Fears

We are in the midst of terror. A rapist has been attacking women who go to this
school. while this school just now begins to act — while the police sit on information
for weeks without warning us. it took a ﬁfteenth reported rape before the Albany
Police issued a statement. Fifteen women had to be violently assaulted before we
knew what was going on!

Now we know'. We’ve known for a week and still we walk the streets at night in
fear. we go to sleep in fear. we live in fear. Now we know, and nothing has been
done. not by the school. and certainly not enough by the police.

Out of desperation. out of frustration. out of fear for their lives. the women's
groups of this school have banded together and have demanded that this university
take action. We add our voice to theirs in calling upon the administration and the
students to do everything they can to eliminate this terror from the hearts of every
man attd woman on this campus. .

Only yesterday. the school attttounccd the creation of a special Task Force to pre-
vent a future rape from occurring.

it is crucial that this Task Force ttot bog dowrt in Administrative red tape. it is en-
couraging that this university is actittg. bttt it ntttst act now. swiftly and strongly. it
is too late for tile 20 or so women who have been assaulted. But our action can pre-
vcttt any tnorc rapes from ltappctting. We can stop this ltorror.

What tttttst be dortc. mllSl bc dottc immediately. witltout delays. or committee ap-
provals. or arty otltcr beaurcttucrntic wastes of time. because this is a life threatening
situation.

First of all tltc narrow downtoth area between Myrtlc and Bradford Si. front
Lukc to Pttt'tridgc must be painstakingly patrolled by the campus police force arid
the Alhany Policc. Powerful sodium lights tttttst be ittstttllcd on all dark streets
dcspitc wltrttcvcr costs because tltc value of a human life is always tnore precious. Art
cscot‘t scrvicc must be provided and fttndcd so that women can go uptown and back
dowtttowtt safely. As conditions exist now tltc ttttivcrsity is rendered inaccessible to
women at night. More buses must be used to make more stops along tltc routes at
ttight and thc rottics must be math: tttorc readily accessible so tltc walking distance to
apartments tll‘t.‘ dccrcttscd. Locks must be sttpplicd by the university for no chargc
cspccittlly to first floor apartments. oftctt the most casin reached by any intruder.
Wotttcn must carry whistles. around their necks or on their wrists. so that in case
they arc attacked they can signal for ltclp. Wontett must be continuously aware of
thc possibility of being attacked. 'l‘ltcy must never go out alone at night. A constant
campaign to make everyone on this campus aware of this emergency. and this is an
cmcrgcncy, must be encouraged. And. tnost importantly. cach student at this school
must bc ANGRY about rapc. attd tnust do t.httt tltcy can to help wotttcn who are
potential rape victims. and every woman is a potential rapc victittt.

Rape is art ttct of devastation. it is a violation against humanity. Men and women
arc tltc victims of rape because it is a crime so ltcinonr tltttt it scars all of us. We must
figltt back. We must take back ottr freedom. We must not walk itt fcar.

 

 

 

Jay E. Gilnen, Editor-In-Chicf
Ron Levy, Richard Behur. Managing Editors
. . . . . . . . . . . . .. ..  .........Micltciui5racl
. . . ,. . . , . .. Laura Fltil'cnliiio, Sylvia Saunders

News Editor
Associate News Editors
Aspects Editor.
SportsEditor............,...
Associate Sports Editor , .
Editoriall’agca Editor .

  

. . Stuart Matranga
. . Patti Schwartz

. . . , Mike Dunnc
. . . . . Charles Blotter

Stnﬂwriters: Chrnlcs Bull. Pat BtunIt-y. liolt Bullnlimc. Andrew Ctll'lllii. Koren Fictt. Mike Fried.
Mtnnccn George. lid (ioodtttnn. l..nty Kuhn. Debby Kopl. Susan Milligon. Michelle Mackroll. Kathy
l’ctilli. Roberta Roscttbmlm. Jcll SL‘iiiltiiiil. Beth Scxct. Aron Smith. chhic Smith Around Cam-
pus: Susan Milligan Zodiac and Preview: Dorollty Barone

Debbie Kopi. Business Manager

. . . . . Stcvc Goldstcitt
, . . . . Lisa Applubttttnt
.. . . licnnic Brown
. . . . . . . . . Anty Sonrs

Advertising Manager. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , , .
Billing Accountant . . , . . . . . . . . .
Assistant Accountant

Composition Manager.

 

Sales: l\'rtt|ty Bosco. Rich Srltonntgtot. Rich Sullgson Classiﬁed Manager: Robin Block Com-
position: litttn (iluockcrt, Mtlto McDonald Advertising Production Manager: Sue Housman
Advertising Production: Clttttlt's lit'll. liclcnc Drncltur. Tammi Geiger. l’cnny Grccttstcitt. Joy
l’tclcr. Annette Stone Office Coordinator: [Evelyn lillis Office Staff: Joy instigation. Bunnie

Sit-Wits

Jordan Metzner. Rob Gmbmnn, Production Normgt'rs
Eric Koli. Graham Sillimun. Vincent Alello. Assoritttu Production Managers

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , , . . . , . . . . . . . . , . . Dave Bcttjantln

Vertical Cumera . . . . . . . , ,
. . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . thtlt‘s Chick

Typist Extraordinaire . . . . .

   

Pane-up: Lisa Bonglorno. Marlc Ilttlinno Typloto: Rosemary Ferraro. Robin Goldberg. Mindy
Gordon. September Klein. Debbie Loch. Built Lorber. Proofreader-z Rachel Cohen. Joy Fried-
man. Sue Lichtenstein. Ronald Sttcltcr Special Guelt: Pat Love

 

Photography. supplied principally by University Photo Scruicc

Established 1916

The Albany Sitrdcnl Press Is published cucry Tuesday and Friday during the school year by the

Albany Siuden! Press Corporation, on independent. not-lor-prolit organization. Editorial policy is

deiermlrted by the Editortln-Chic/ and is subject to reuletu by ihe Editorial Board. Malling Addrt‘ss:
Albany Student Press. CC 329. 1400 Washington Ave.. Albany. NY 12222

(518) 457-8892

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

