 

 

 

 

 

happiness 1 see."

' ' he Fish Stinks

   

Most of the Meclranicville High basketball
team was on hand Sunday evening to see The
Fish That Saved Pittsburgh. a comedy about
basketball in ivhich professional athletes join
Hollywood performers to bring to life one of
the worst scripts ever to receive financial back
ing. and. in general. accomplish neither ar-
tlstlc grandeur. nor even sitcom entertain-
ment.

Jim Dixon

The fish that saves the Pittsburgh Pythons
(the laughing stock of the NBA) is actually the
zodiac sign Pisces. The hero of the story. a
young black boy with an Obi-Wan Kenobi
view of the universe and a completely
unbelievably mature outlook is played by a
stock T.V. kid with the unlikey name of James
Bond ill. (I swear. that's the way he's billed ——
i wouldn't make it up!) To save the team (he's
the towel-boy in the locker room) and his
hero. the team's million dollar baby Moses
Gutherie (Julius Erving) from utter defeat and
humiliation. he hires a team astrologer. and
since Moses, the only one on the team who's
doing anything right. is a Pisces. he convinces
the team's ﬂaming Schmuck owner (Jonathon
Winters) to trade every member of the team
who is not a Pisces. and comes up with the
greatest collection of misfits since the Banana
Splits.

This half-assed scheme works. of course.
because this is a movie and not supposed to
have anything to do with real life. The last ma-
jor tactical use of astrology was by Adolf Hitler
in World War ii and he lost.

To be fair. the performers do the best they
can with a script ruthless in its mediocrity.
Notable Is the case of Jonathon Winters. who
in addition to playing a mentally retarded ty-
coon wlth a toy train fetish also has to play the
villainous brother of the mentally retarded ty-

 

trash hag commercials — a product into which
moﬁfﬂfﬂtg script should be thrown. Stockard

 

 

  
    
  
   
  
    
 
 
   
  
   
  
   
  

 

Eight years ago we were getting over. the
sixties and thus a lot of the music that went
with it. Jtmi and Janis were dead and
psychadellcs were being stored in attics to col-
lect dust. A guitarist came to SUNYA with a
major. in theater and a pretty vague idea of
what to do with his life. He knew the need for
a fresh approach to music. and soon met a
friend with much more the same ldea.Thlngs

Andrea Ftamm

began to snowball and the result was The Star
Spangled Washboard Band. With a repertoire
ranging from country-bluegrass to oldies. to
contemporary rock, the band played colleges
around Albany. campus parties. and country
music festivals with audiences of about a thou-
sand people. '

With their theatrical on-stage antics and drf-

All for a song, Albany State's student-musicians play for the sheer joy of their sounds. Said one. “Music is the strongest force of

Charming. ii talented comic actress whose
credits include The Fortune. The Cheap
Detectiue, and Grease. is stuck (mired would
be perhaps a more appropriate word) in the
role of the astrologer. She does the best she
can. She's definitely the best thing the movie
has going for it.

Dr. J isn't bad actually. though he doesn't
have much part; an unsurprising cir-
cumstance in a film whose characters are two-
dimensional at best. and in some cases. as a
fellow viewer remarked. dwindle to point
sources. Meadowlark Lemon of Harlem
Globetrotter fame isn't bad. HP and Erving
combine to produce some of the film's few
entertaining sequences m predictably on the
basketball court. where both men have just
claim to the title artist.

The film does its moments of flare. The
climactic game sequence is a big production.
The opposing Los Angeles team makes a
superbly dramatic entrance through a round
tunnel lit by red lasers. accompanied by eerie
electronic music. The Pittsburgh entrance (the
learn is now renamed The Pisces) through the
open arena roof in a multlvcolored balloon is
almost anti-climactic in comparison. The final
flurry of baskets sunk by Dr. J is fun to watch.

On the other hand. there is ample evidence
of the film's low budget and short shooting
schedule. (It's okay for a film to be cheap ~—
lots of good ones are. But the good ones don't
look cheap.) The porno theater next door to
the astrologer's office shows the same film at
then end of the season that it did at the begin- .
ntng — or is this an illusion caused by the fact
that two sequences at opposite ends of the film
were shot on location the same day and no
one got permission to change the marquee so
prominent in the shot? The same shots of the.
Pisces home arena are used over and over
again. The photography is competent. but
generally has a made-for-T.V. look. The sets

carpeting.
Worst of all is the musical score. which as

.ae-rsdAttMttstsr

['th

 

   

ferent methods of dealing 'with music. The
Star Spangled Washboard Band caught on
and what started out as fun became a reality.
The band soon found themselves touring the
country and attracting a following. The tour
lasted seven years. during which they had an
appearance on the Mike Douglas Show. and
then. in March [977. they putout their debut
album (The Star Spangled Washboard Band).
Soon after. they came off the road, returned
to Albany, and changed their name to Blotto.
Brian Levy is a business major. pre-law. He
is basically sure of what his future will be. A
pianist for 13 years. he doesn't see including
music as his source of income. He doesnt
consider himself a skilled enough technician
and doesn't particularly like pressure. But
there was a time when some influential people
might have changed that.
In high school, Brian got together with a

i "I r

While Pittsburgh Drowns

the credits boldly inform us. was composed,
arranged. and conducted by Thom Bell who
has written some very bad top 40 in his day.
The score to Tire Fish is awful. it also has a
tendency to drown out some of the dialogue.
Well. in every cloud. there is a silver lining
after all.

The film is inconsistent  at the end we are
given the implication that the astrology didn't
save Pittsburgh. Their hard work and pure
hearts and teamwork did. So why was the
astrology angle important at all? The power of
suggestion? Trite. Very trite.

The fish may have saved Pittsburgh. but i
doubt that the public will save the fish. .

  

   

Page Ba

friend of his. Jamming out for enjoyment. do-
ing mostly rock. and some Jazz. They began
adding people. acquired an agent. and started
doing some originals. Looking back. Brian
feels that these originals were the band's
strongest assets. "We had a great lyricist. But
as musicians. we weren't really outstanding."
Nevertheless. some people seemed to think
so. The band made a demo which was pushed
by their agent. and had subsequent offers to
play in local clubs, The Bottom Line wanted
them as a warmup band. but legal problems.
including age limits and lack of a label.
prevented that. Joe Franklin of WOR showed
a good deal of interest in them. But the band
felt that they weren't éady.and split up to go
off to school. "and that was it." Brian still plays
for his own personal satisfaction. but it seems
that he will continue toward the goal he has set
for himself.

it's been said that you can give the best
evaluation of your own abilities. but if you set
a ltrntt for yourself. you will probably never
surpass it. Dave Siegel sees no limits ahead of
him. Hurdless. maybe, but no limits.

lf drumming is a drug, Dave is an addict.
Any successful musician has to achieve that
success'by surrendering himself completely to
his obsession. When you listen to Dave. you
know his success is inevitable. in the five years
since he's taken up drums. the longest stretch
he went without playing was five days. an ex
trenre rarity. After transferring here three years
ago. he started playing 2-3 hours a day on a
pad. When he moved off campus a semester
later. providing more of an opportunity to
"play my guts out". he began playing 4-5
hours a day on a set. He continues to do this,
at least six days a week. making sure he new-r
wastes free time. He plays a lot of jazz. it being
the most technically demanding. and
therefore allowing for the most expansion. As
for personal fulfillment. “l'm in my calmest
state. You just go off. There's nothing holding

  

 

 

won. Wlnterg has had better lines in Hefty are tacky. The Pisces locker room has pink Above. the inexhaustable Jonathan Winters plays twins and below Meadowl'irk
. r

Lemon consoles a junior genius. James Band "I.

  

 

_.  Page'9a

 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

you back so you can release all your anx-
ieties."

His accounting major will allow Siege] to
start making money while directing all his re-
maining energies to drumming. He's never
been in an established band: the last five years
have been spent “perfectrng a skill." He has a
lot of advisement and feels secure that he'll go
far “Music is the strongest force of happiness
that i see. i see as my own personal happiness
hooking up with somebody like John Coltrane
or Jimi Hendrix. Someone who would allow
my creativity to reach rts ultimate heights." He
pauses a minute. then: “And my brother."

Not everyone is as certain about musical
success. not necessarily due to feeling inade-
quate. but because the fierce competition is a
turnoff to the creative impulses. When Jean
Casson came here last year. with the intent of
being a music major. she felt this competition
intensely. She turned to “the practical route"
and is now creating her own major. Arts Ad-
ministration. Now that the pressure is off. she
can more frilly enjoy her music and still push
herself creatively. She is warm and per-
sonable. and would like to go into the public
relations end of the entertainment field--
music. theater. and the visual and performing
arts. Having been playing the fiddle for ten
years. she has had mostly classical training on
and off. Last year she began playing with
Todd Miller. a guitarist. Doing bluegrass.
country. and mellow rock. including some of
Todd's originals. they have played The
FreezeDried Coffee House. and other coffee
houses around campus. “We'll play
anywhere" said Todd. Anywhere has includ-
ed Bryce Canyon. Utah (where he made ten
dollars an hour). in front of Bloornlngdales.
and in back of Waldbaum's. with their income
coming from people throwing coins.

Studying to be a forest biologist. Todd sees
that as his future in terms of support. But he
remembers’times when music has saved his
sanity. after a friend's serious accident. and
says he will definitely continue with it. in the
meantime he and Jean continue to jam out
and do improvisations. which they find the
most fulfilling. and don't mind at all making
money out of it.

in a backroom at Bogart‘s. Broadway Blotto
stops reminiscing for a minute to look over the
band's plans for the next set. while the rest of
the band relaxes; Sergeant. Broadway's old
SUNYA buddy. the band's percussionist;
Bowtie. acoustic and electric guitarist: Blan-
che, vocalist and keyboardist; and Blotto's
"rhythm machine." bassist Cheese and drum-
mer Lee Harvey. Asked about their in-
fluences. Broadway thinks a minute. “We
steal from the best. We like to blend a lot of
things, like reggae. We feel that's the best way
to make everything sound fresh."

The future? "We're putting out an Extended
Play record that's expected to be released
around January or February, with three
originals ("We Are the Nowtones". "Wanna
Be A Lifeguard", and Bud") and a cover of
"Stop in the Name of Love." /\ pause. "Right
now we just want to get Blotto ottt in front of
human beings." .

K kon nKl n

lorma

Wednesday night JB. Scotts was invaded
by the dedicated fans of Jorma Kaukonen. in
their usual fanatical style they screamed and
yelled until he took the stage and continued it
right through the performance. Jorma played
an acoustic set and an electric one with his
new band White Gland. The size of the crowd
reflected their approval of the music as large
numbers accornpatrled the acoustic set and
dwindled to the last few diehards during the
electric.

Marty Vukovich

 

Jortna is a veteran guitar player. Hts in-
strurnental work with Jack Casady provides
the musical power for iltL‘ Jefferson Airplane
to take off. Their combination with Grace Slick
and Marty Baltn's vocals soared them to star-

. ;.-,-....c..-.,--   .-......._.’,.c- m...-;mmmm_mé’3n

o,

f

. 9

umling Footsteg

 

 

 

Running On Empty

Going to see Running is a lot like going back
to grammar school: it teaches us all about the
morality of life. Those of us who watch closely
will get a step by step analysis of how to do ab-
solutely nothing with our lives and become a
hero who is admired far and wide:

Mark Rossier

I) You can easily avoid work by dropping
out of school and then telling people that you
are not a money hungry bastard who only
lives for economic success.

2) After you act properly indignant and
make a big "l'm mad as hell and l'm not going
to take it anymore" speech at the unemploy-
ment office (after all you didn't go to college
for nothing). you take a low paying job with
liberal hours that leaves you time to pursue the
one passion that makes your life worth living.

3) it is this passion that will both make you a
hero and help you avoid responsibility (which
after all is what this is all about). You can let
your marriage fall apart because of your
obsessive absorption in your craft. You can
avoid work because you just won't be fulfilled
and someday this passion of yours may lead to
something big and you don't want to be out of
shape when the time comes (besides. the old
lady works and she brings in enough for the
whole family). When the aforementioned big
time comes you can back out and make
everyone feel sorry for you and not have to
prove anything.

4) You can keep your friends. kids. and ex
wife on good terms because you don't have
any responsibility to lhern (by this time they've
learned not to expect anything). so you can of
ford to always be a nice guy.

5) Finally one day when they least expect it.
and you have no other choice. your time
comes. your passionate absorption has been
worth it. you're in shape and everyone else
feels stupid and trivial and ashamed that for all
those years and years (and years) they tried to
make you do something with your life when.

 

lo and behold. you were doing something all
along.

Those are the steps and Running illustrates
them in all their glory without once consider»
ing that there might be something wrong with
the whole process. it's amazing just how little
our hem (Michael Douglas) does. In fact for
the whole movie all he. does is run. What. you
may ask. do i expect him to do. Well how
about helping his wife raise the kids instead of
just jogging in every day as the fun friend? it's
the mother who does all the work. he just
reaps the benefits. Or maybe he could take
sotne of the blame for the state of his life in-
stead of blaming everyone else: “i went to
medical school because my family wanted me
to. 1 went to law school because Janet (his
wife. played by Susan Anspach) wanted me
lo " It never seems to occur to him that his
joblessness. his divorce. and his general lack
of direction in life Could be his fault. What's
more. these are the qualities we're supposed
to admire lrlrn for. Equally irritating is the way
everyone plays along with htrn. They see him
running all the time. yet they never stop to
consider what he's running from. He's ad~
mired when he decides to enter the Olympics,
but at that point in his life he really doesn't
have many other options. i mean he's thirty-

Should Know

dotn Jack and Jortna formed Hot Tuna on
the side. and when the Airplane broke up in
1973 it became a full time musical outlet. They
enjoyed continued success mixing their elec-
tric and acoustic music. The band broke up at
their potential peak of popularity. it was right
after the release of their live album Double
Dose, Since then .lor‘ma has toured alone
playing all acoustic shows. learned with his old
drumrrrer Bob Steeler for electric and acoustic
sets and is currently touring with White Gland.

Much to the dismay of the audience the
acoustic set was not nearly long enough for
satisfaction. We all wanted to hear his Ovation
create tnusic for hours. His greatest talent lies
in his acoustic fingervptcklng and most hard
core Jorrna fans would prefer to hear it instead
of electric. Although it was short it exhibited
his phenomenal talent for playing acoustic

guitar. The acoustic set was very perspective
in nature. its content stretched from the days
of the Airplane to his latest album titled simply
Jormrt. He touched on "Trial by Fire" and
“The Ilusitation Blues" from the for past. He
played such personal standards as “Keep
Your Lamps." “l See the Light." “Serpent of
Dreams." and l'Killlng Time in the Crystal Ci—
ty." The audience was also graced with a per-
formance of "Police Dog Blues" from Quoh.
Although he played most of his new tunes
electrically he did a few on acoustic such as
“Wolves and Lambs" and a love song entitled
"Song For a High Mountain." The acoustic set
was short lived but long loved.

When Jorrna returned to the stage with his
hand one could note a loss in the crowd's en-
thusiasm. White Gland is a combination of a

continued on page 100

   
    
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
   
    
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
  

 

four. he can't keep using this running thing for
the rest of his life. can he?

Steven Stern's screenplay is contrived. cute.
and condescending. All those who oppose
Douglas are morally bad and those who don't
are the good guys. but eventually everyone
comes around. Stern tries to ignore the fact
that Douglas is manipulating and living off of
the people who care about him. which is un-
fortunate since the film might have been more
interestier had this been a more important
part of the character.

As a director Stern out and out steals from

 

 

Rocky if. Now if you're going to steal from
people. don't do it from non-talents like
Stallone. any third rate director knows that.
Otherwise he has one or two relatively in-
teresting moments (and i mean moments) but
basically he rises all the cliches of the inspired
athletic genre. Michael Douglas and the
underrated Susan Atrspach (after her first two
smiley scenes) both turn in excellent perfor-
mances. but they're just not enough to carry
the movie. Stern is trying too hard to teach us
a lesson and after the obligatory slow motion
freeze frame ending. i couldn't help waiting for
a voice to say "Okay boys and girls. class
dismissed". .

 
   

Jorma: Rehashed oldies and punkcd out-
hrashnesl.

 

    

 

 

 

 

  
  
    
   

     
    
   
 

  
    
  
    
      
   
     
      
   
   
    
    
    
     
    

   
  
  
   
  
  
    
   
  
   
   
  
   
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
   
 
  
  
     
   
  
  
  
  
    
  
    
  
   
   
  
  

