 

 

SALT LAKE CITY (AP) Michigan
State threw a net around Larry Bird
with a brilliant zone defense and

Indiana State Sycamores 75-64
Monday to win the NCAA
basketball championship.
The loss ended a Cinderella season
, for the Sycamores. who had stormed
out of nowhere to the top of the The
Associated Press poll and had won
33 straight games before the ﬁnal.
Bird, who had been killing just
about everyone this season with a
29.0 scoring average, had to work
,hard for' his 19 points against the
Spartans' two-three zone, which

 

' e he went to_the basket.

é

Earvin “Magic” Johnson scored 24'
points as the Spartans defeated the'

The national championship was
the ﬁrst Tor Michigan State in its
fourth appearance in this
tournament.

The Sycamores nev'er led after the
opening minutes and trailed by as
many as 16 points several times early
in the second half. But they made it
interesting with a late 12-2 ﬂurry
behind Bird that chopped Michigan
State's advantage to 52-46 with 10
minutes left in the game.

Johnson then spearheaded a rally
that put the Spartans in command
and quieted the usually raucous
lndiana State fans in the noisy crowd
of 15,410.

Johnson scored seven points in an Jf
8—4 burst that moved the Big Ten.

' sagged on the blond bomber every

Conference power‘s lead to 61-50

with 5:0t ‘eft in the game. »
The Sycamores never came within
striking distance of the Spartans

' after that.

Bird, who had been a terror in this
tournament in four previous games.
was so stymied by the rugged
Michigan State defensethat at one
point he went more than 13 minutes
without a ﬁeld goal.

Foul trouble hurt both teams in
the closely called game. and the calls
had both coaches bitterly
complaining to the officials
throughout the contest.

Greg Kelser. who scored 19 points

» for the Spartans. put the cap on the

game with an enormous slam dunk
at the end arid the Michigan State
cheerleaders and some supporters

Playoffs Nearer With Spiker Win

by Mike Dunne

The-Albany State Volleyball team
increased their chances of gaining a
post season ECVL playoff berth by
defeating the University of
Rochester Saturday afternoon on
the losers court. '

The match was longer than usual.
taking nearly three hours to
complete, but the determined Great
Danes never let up. coming out on
top 15-8.13-15,15-12,lS-7.

“it was a slugfest all the way. we
battled each other point for point the

whole way," commented a Very
pleased Albany coach Ted Earl.

Albany's mark now stands at 1-1
in their division ofthe ECVL with a
match remaining with Cornell as
well as another bout with Rochester.

Tile Spikers were beaten in their
opening match with Pittsburgh

although they “played extremely
well." Because Earl knew that
Rochester would be counting
heavily on scouting the Albany-Pitt
match he held back some of his
regulars in order to cross up
Rochester.

The strategy apparently worked as
the Danes broke on top 8—0 in the

ﬁrst game and held on to win 15-8.

“We really‘ pulled together in the
ﬁrst game especially considering we
had just lost in four games to Pitt."
remarked Earl on his club's quick
start,

U of R would not go down
without a ﬁght. however. The teams
battled on even terms until
Rochester got some quick points to

a wrap up a hard fought 15-13victory.

It‘s at the point with the score tied
in a tough match where Albany has
had problems of late. But there was
no let down this time as the Danes
came right back at the host club and
won the next two games.

Behind the strong hitting of Gary
Becker. Fred Askam and Howie
Nuisinov they wrapped up game
number three 15-12.

The ﬁnal game was much tougher
as the twa squads battled through

droughts when neither could score.
The longest "side-out battle" came
with Albany leading 6-5. Eventually
the Danes broke through and went
ahead 11-6.

1! was in this~game where Earl's
strategy against Pitt paid more
dividends. Many ofhis regulars were

Well rested and able to wear down
Rochester. This became evident as
the match approached three hours in
length. With their opponents worn
down Albany broke through to win
15-7.

“Our depth gave us the match. We
used subs all day and at the end 1 had
fresh men to put in against U of R."
Earl said.

The Spikers next face the
Merchant Marine Academy and
Queens College on Wednesday
night.

“We feel we owe USMMAa good
match. The last time they got the best
of us." said Earl looking ahead to
Wed ncsday‘s matches. “As for
Queens. they are much improved
and we can‘t take them lightly."

The blond-haired coach was very
pleased with his team‘s play on
Saturday feclingthey had won avery
big match in regard to a playoff
birth.

“We played well and hustled well.
but now it's up to the guys to keep it
going. We've had some troubles of

late. but we won a big match on
Saturday; the players didn't let up at
all."

Synchronized Swim: Figure

University Pool will be the site of

the Nationals in Synchronized
Swimming this weekend. The
following is some background onthe
fast-growing sport of synchronized
swrm:

.A typical question asked by
someone with an interest in water
sports is: “What is synchronized
swimming? is it water-ballet? In it
what Esther‘Williams did in the
movies?" A typical answer to such
questions by a, synchronized
swimming enthusiast is a resounding

3 N01

rill. momma Univmlty Pool will be the all.
. oi the Nationals for
Synchronized Swimming, a tut growing sport. (suns stains-mp)

In the early 1940's. the Amateur
Athletic Union (AAU) accepted
synchronized swimming as one of its
organized sports. For the past 40,
years the sport has made great
progress. Audiences across the
country describe it as
“breathtaking.” The technical

Editors note: The following was
written by Moo/Jo Ruggieri of Ohio
State University. I! is reprinted from
United States Women Coaches and
Athletes. Jan. 1979.

ﬂ‘Magic” Leads Michigan St. To Championship l

rushed to hug their heroes.

While the Michigan State players
danced joyoust around the court,
Bird sat disconsolately on the bench
with his head buried in a towel. his

' great college career ended.

Bird. playing with a broken left
thumb that never seemed to bother
him earlier. was only able to connect
on 7 of 21 shots from the ﬁeld.

Bird's eyes appeared red-rimmed
when he went up to accept the

runner-up trophy for the Sycamores.

The Spartans. though holding a
37-28 advantage. seemed to be in
trouble because their two leading
players. Johnson and Kelser, were
saddled with three fouls apiece.
Kelser had to sit out a good portion
of the second half in foul trouble

S

after scoring only nine points before
intermission.

Ron Charles fouled out for
Michigan State while Carl Nicks had
to sit down for the Sycamores in the
closing minutes of the game with
ﬁve fouls.

Terry Donnelly’also was a key
factor for Michigan State. 26-6,
scoring 13 of his 15 points in the
second half with some sparkling
outside shooting and helping the
Spartans build their mountainous.
16-point lead at 50-34 with 15
minutes left in the game.

Kelser scored four points in the
first silt minutes of the game, helping
Michigan State hammer out a 16-8
lead.

 

_J

Tuesday. March 27. 1979

The Albany State volleyball team took almost three hours to defeat the
University of Rochester this weekend. (Photo: Bob Msehson)

Skating In A Pool

development of the sport. however.
has made it one ofthe most difﬁcult
of all the aquatic events. In recent
years. the demands on athletes
participating in the sport have...
increased tenfold. Yet recently, the ‘
number of registered AAU teams
has soared, and the competition in
high schools and colleges is steadily
climbing.

To get an idea of what it is. think '
of synchronized swimming in terms
of ﬁgure skating. in both sports.
routines are judged by a panel of
experts. In addition, competitors
perform required ﬁgures which are
skills that have degrees of difﬁculty.
Routine competition in
synchronized swimming consists of
'solos. duets, tries, and teams, no
“more than eight nor less than four
swimmers. Figure competition
consists of performing individual
moves that are drawn from more
than 135 ﬁgures which are divided
into four categories: Group 1 Bullet-
leg. Group 11 Dolphin. Group 111

:Somersault, and Group 1V Diverse.

Each ﬁgure has ll degree ofdifficulty
ranging from 1.1 to 2.4.

Grace, fluidity, power, and
strength are the skills that must be
developed and put to music by the
athlete and the coach. To perform
these routines takes the discipline of
ll ballet dancer and long hours of
training. A solo and duct consists of
no more than four minutes of music.
and includes swimming techniques.
required ﬁgures. and hybrid skills
developed by individual swimmers.
Choreogrllphic techniques of dance
also are used. in team competition.
the task of writing routines is
difficult becauese the skills must be
synchronized and performed by all
eight swimmers at the sometime and
at the same tempo.

How the routines are judged
indicates the type ofdemands placed
on the swimmer. Two scores are

ﬂashed as in ﬁgure skating, by u

panel of ﬁve to seven judges. Tile
first score represents eXeeution,

which includes judgement on all the ..

ﬁgures llnd hybrid moves ill the
routine, swimming strokes, and
propulsion techniques. These are
judged from the standpoint of

continued on page fifteen

 

 

l

 

Head coach Robert Ford.
Answering the allegations.

Racism At SUNYA: The Questions Cantinue‘
is Tillie. 5122:; f'iiilu‘ileublfl :bal:l::!i‘vill be discussed

in the third and ﬁnal article of this series.
Four complaints of favoritism were cited by Halston and O'Bryan.

This is the second part of a three part series dealing with complaints that'havc
been lodged b y four former member: of the varsity football team. concerning
relations between the coaching stir/I and the players. The ﬁrst article in-
advertentlyfol‘led to introduce the series. which will conclude on Tuesday.
by Ashton E. Thomas ,

Four black students, formerly members of SUNYA‘s varsity football team '
have lodged separate complaints accusing coach Robert Ford and his
coaching staff of awarding positions to less qualiﬁed white players. and that
coaches treated a black player with disrespect.

The four former players. Fred Brewington. Leander Hardaway. Howard
O'Bryan and Sam Halston. have individually made complaints which
amount to a total of four separate allegations. The complaints are based on
incidents which go as far backs: the 1976 season.

The other allegations are that Fred Brewington was not given a fair oppor-
tunity to start as a quarterback, and that the staff failed to recruit minority
coaches and staff.

The claim that Brewington was not given a fair opportunity to start as
quarterback was discussed in the ﬁrst article in this series.

Brewington, responding to the contents of the ﬁrst article. said. “i am not
angry, and lam not attacking Coach Ford. as it may have seemed. Nor did 1

feel Coach Ford or [Assistant Football Coach] Motta. The fact of the matter

 

ALBANY
STUDENT
PRESS

 

March 30. 1979

Halston, a former half-back. said, “

in season '76. Bruce Churchwell. a

white half-back was favored by the coaches over David Clarke." He added,
“Clarke was a far superior athlete than Churchwell.”

“in my opinion Churchwell did not mm or tackle well, said Halston, and
therefore l could only assume some kind of favoritism as an_explanation for
his starting on the varsity squad as a freshman.”

Ford said there may be some jusiﬁcation for Halston's claim, and added
that he was not certain Churchwell should have played.

He said. “1 do not want to comment furthcron this issue publicly, because

1 don‘t want to hurt anyone's feelings.“
were good athletes."

He added. “Halston and Churchwell

Halston believes that playing time was not awarded according to a player‘s

ability.

Halston said. "i believe I was not given enough playing time in season ‘76."
He‘udded. that Bruce Churchwell, Kevin Klein, and Tony Matyszczyk (all
white players) were given a greater amount of playing time despite the fact

continued on page three

 

State University of New Vorit at Albany

 

FR“)

PX

 

‘ l!" by Albany Student Press Corporation

 

 

 

Two Albany Policemen Arrested
In Waterbury On Several Counts

by Charles Bell
and Debbie Kopf

Two Albany Police Ofﬁcers were
arraigned in Albany Police Court
yesterday oncharges stemming from
two incidents in Alumni Quad‘s
Waterbury Hall.

The ofﬁcers. Michael Buchanan.
31. and Richard Vita. 26, were
charged with grand larceny in the
ﬁrst degree. burglary in the second
and third degrees. robbery. petty
larceny and two counts of official
misconduct. A spokesperson for the
court said that ball was set at
$15,000 each.

“The officers were charged based
on events that occurred in
Waterbury Hall on March 21 and
March 28. according to an Albany
Police Lieutenant.

According to a Waterbury lloll
Resident Assistant. two men entered
Room 113 in Waterbury Hall at
10:30 am Wednesday and ﬂashed
what appeared to be a badge at the
room‘s occupaat. Jay Antelman.
The R.A. said that “they were

Sentenced

by Wendy Greenfield
month ago by Albany Police.

vestigator John Hayner.
larceny.

not post bail set at $75,000.

 

possible thefts they thought were
panned out,” he said.

 

- mii.t&nas.a..-gacasw. as;

Waterbury Robbery Suspect

The Waterbury Hall robbery suspect. who had been arrested about a
was ofﬁcially sentenced one year in
Albany Count jail for petty larceny, according to University Police in-

Donell lloggs. u non-student from the city of Albany was charged
with ﬁrst degree robbery but pleaded guilty to a reduced charge ofpetty

“ He has been in jail for at least a month and the time he's serving now
will be included in his sentence," said Hayner. He said that Hoggs could

Hoggs had robbed SUNYA student Andrew l’auloff at gunpoint ofa
5300 camera in his Waterbury Hall room February 2.
Hayner said that the victim's camera was returned to him.
. According to Hayner. the public safety ofﬁcers were checking out
linked to the armed robber. “Nothing

pushing Jay around a bit and began
ransacking the room," “Jay started
to make a lot of noise and some
people from the section began to
show up." “They surrounded the
guys." the R.A. added. “and kept
them front leaving."

Antelman was unavailable for
comment.

An unidentiﬁed resident of tile
section phoned University Police.
who later responded to the scene.
Albany Police Lieutenant Murray
said that City.ofﬁcers arrived at
Waterbury in response to a radio
call sent out by University Police.

University Public Safety Director
Williams said that the arrest of the
two officers was made by Albany
City Police. “The investigation is not
complete. but our official interest ill
the case has ended.” Williams said.

Four Alumni Quad R.A.‘s claim
that a similar incident occured in the
‘Pit' area in the basement of
Waterbury Hall between 10 and 11
pm March 21.

“A guy in the Pit was roughed up

To One Year

and pushed around pretty bad. The
room was searched by two guys
flashing police badges and
identifying themselves as ofﬁcers.
They got away with twenty dollars
and some pot." said one Alumni
Quad R.A.

Murray said that the charges
stemmed from incidents occurring
around 10 pm ill Waterbury on
March 21 as well as the events of
March 28.

“Tile guy who had the money and
pot stolen never even told his R.A.
about the incident until after tlle
March 28 arrest." said tlle R.A.

"The thing that really gets me
mad is that there‘s such a lid on it;
everybody on the residence staff has
told us not to talk about it." said a
Waterbury R.A.

Some Waterbury residents have
referred to the events as a
"Shakedown" of students by Albany
Police.

District Attorney Sol (ireenberg
said that the arrested officers
Buchanan and Vita had spent four

 

nlvarslty pollen responded. but Albany Police made the arrest.

"The investigation is not complete."

and seven years respectively on the
City's police force. The two were
suspended by their division
commander Wednesday. Greenberg
said the grand larceny charges
alone carry a sentence of up to 15
years in prison.

The investigation will continue

said Jim .Wi/lioms.

under the supervision of the Albany
police. but added Lt. Murray. “we'll
obviously need the assistance of the
University Police."

Murray said that voluntary
information from students on the
case would be appreciated.

SUNYA Jogger Held At Gunpoint

by Wendy Greenﬁeld

A SUNYA student, clad in a
heavy jogging clothing and a ski
mask, was confronted, at gunpoint
by SUNYA Public Safety Ofﬁcers
Saturday morning, according to
University Police Director Jim
Williams. “it was strictly an honest
mistake." said Williams. “The
student violated no crime."

The student. Paul Hornbach. a
sophomore member of the wrestling
team, was stopped as it result of a
call to University Police by Albany
Police. saying that a woman at a gas
station had reported seeing
Hornbach through the window with

-a face mask on. in what she thought

 

#1

was a robbery of the station.
" g to Williams. “The citizen

ﬁled a report with the Albany Police
and then Albany Police called us."
Williams said. A supervisor and an
ofﬁcer were sent to respond. “The
supervisor had a shotgun. He gave
his pistol to the unarmed ofﬁcer."
Because officers are not'
authorized to carry guns orlduytime
patrol. “We only have one shotgun
at the public safety building. The
only reason the supervisor had a
shotgun was because he doesn't have
access to the pistols." Williams said
the pistols are kept in individual
steel lockers. “We don‘t issue keys to
these lockers to the ofﬁcers or the
- supervisors as a method of control."
Public Safety Ofﬁcers on daytime
motor patrol can be authorized to
carry guns for a felony arrest or to

escort money. according to
Williams. He said supervisors are
allowed to carry guns and do have
access to tile shotgun that is kept ina
safe with other riﬂes. '
Hornbach said he left
Madison Ave. apartment at 6:45
am. and jogged to Shoprite on
Western Avenue to get some candy
and soda before the wrestling
tournament Saturday afternoon.
After ﬁnding that Shoprite was
closed. Hornbach said he walked to.
the Mobile gas station.
Hornbach said he was wearing
a green ski mask with an orange hat,
heavy sweaters. sweat pants. and
gloves. “1 had all my gear on. i
wanted to lose weight before 1 got
continued on page seven

his

 

 

