 

 

. __,. ,. ,__

 

 

 

 

Would CAPSUlES

Great Lakes Getting Purer

WASHINGTON, o.c. (AP) The Great Lakes are becom-
ing cleaner at a much faster rate than biologists originally
had predicted, new scientiﬁc studies disclose. The reason
for the accelerated cleanup, the National Oceanic and At-
mospheric Administration said Monday. is because scien-
tists' calculations failed to include sedimentation as a
natural water purifier. The new studies show that it will
take less than two decades. rather than centuries. for all the
lakes except Lake Superior to be purged naturally of excess
nutrients. The new ﬁndings are based on a computer study

by Dr. Steven Hapra. a NOAA scientist, and research by-

the Centre for inland Waters in Canada. In the beginning

 

fAnound CAMpus

Streakers in the Sun

Two unidentiﬁed young men dealt with yesterday‘s
unreasonably warm weather by simple and practical means:
streaking. The two were spotted running by tlte fountain
and the podium clad only in T-shirts witlt nylon stockirtgs
pulled over their heads.

A representative of Sigma Tau Beta denied a connection
between the students‘ unscheduled performance and the

 

‘Eaternlty's pledge week.-

Carter Ecstatic Over Polls

 

WASHINGTON (AP) Wirtding up one of his \ntost
politically upbeat weeks since taking office. President
Carter was in such art ebulliertt ntood it seertted lte literally
couldn’t sit still. The fact tltnl Air Force One was about to
glide onto the runway at Andrews Air Force Ilasc didn't
deter him front standing irt the aisle to hold forth on ltis
ﬁrst “victory” of tire 1980 presidential swccpstukcs. it was
unusual for a president who rarely chats with reporters on
his airplane anytime —— lct alone while it is landing. For two
consecutive weekends. Carter and Senator Edward M. Ken‘
rtcdy have been itt competition of sorts-first. irt the Florida.
caucuses and titcn at the John Fitzgerald Kennedy Library
dedication in Boston. This is lltc wcck Kennedy is expected
to announce the formation of a committcc to explore his
presidential campaign prospects, a step that is all bttt ccr—
taitt to be followed by his formal campaign annotmccutcut.
But last week there were tltesc favorable developments for
the Carter forces: (1) Art Associated Press-NBC News poll.
reﬂecting a turnaround in the past month, found httlf of the
nation’s Democrats say they would like Carter to try for re-
clcction. (2) Carter supporters won a nearly 2-to-l victory
in. Florida caucuses, at which delegates were picked for a
state pttrty convention that will take a straw poll next
ruonth. (3) Chicago Mayor Jane Byrne, a Kennedy family
friend and also an important political figure irt Illinois
where a key prirttury election will be held in Mttrclt. ap-
peared to give Carter her support for a sccortd term. (4)
Government ﬁgures released Friday showed a rebound irt
economic growth to a 2.4 percent annual rate. leadlrtg to
sofne speculation that the recession that was fetter to have
begun in mid-summer may ttot have occurred after all. (5)
A Justice Dcpartmcrtt special counsel. after a six~rnonth in-
vestigation of the Carter family's peanut warehouse opera—
tions. announced he could find no evidence of criminal
wrongdoing. Meanwhile. in a television interview taped
Sm"qu night and released Sunday. Carter said he is more
“Emily Prudent than Kennedy and favors more defense

of the decade. NOA‘A said, tons of phosphorous were
dumped into. each of the five Great Lakes. Domestic
detergents accounted for about half the phosphorous. The
phosphorous stimulated production of algae, which in turn
depleted the amount of oxygen in the water, causing ﬁsh
and plant life to die. Canada and the United States
restricted the amount of phosphorous entering the lakes in
the early 1970’s, but biologists predicted that centuries
‘would elapse before the lakes would naturally cleanse
themselves. However, the early predictions were based
primarily on the flushing rate ofa lake .the amount of time
necessary to completely change the water in a lake.
Flushing is a natural process by which new water enters
each lake from streams. rivers and melting snow.

Czech Activist Trial Endures

PRAGUE, Czechoslovakia (AP) Six human rights activists
went on trial under heavy police guard Monday and the
wife of one of the dissidents was arrested after taking notes
in the courtroom. A second woman was taken into custody
outside the court building. dissident sources said. All six
defendants in the biggest Czechoslovak political trial in
seven years were accused of being formed in 1978 to aid
other dissidents. Czechoslovak authorities charge the group
was illegal and that its members aided U.S.-guided pro-
paganda campaigns against the country. If convicted, they
could be jailed for 10 years. Playwright Vaclav Havel. 43.
and government critic Petr Uhl, 38, had still not entered
pleas, dissidents said, but three of the otltcrs pleaded inno-
cent. The trial's opening drew about 100 supporters to a
dimly lit hallway near the courtroom. a larger crowd titan
had appeared at dissident trials recently.

SALT Nears Vital . Vote

WASHINGTON (AP) Two SALT ll amendments that the
administration says are citltcr unnecessary or would kill the

 

Pro-Abortionists to Rally

In observance of National Abortion Rights Action week,
October let through October 28th. an abortion rights
marclt will take place October 2611i from Draper Hall
leading to a rally on the capital steps. The rally is sponsored
by the Family Planning Advocates. the National Abortion
Rights Action League, and SUNYA's Feminist Alliance.
Susan Goldfisclter, president of the Feminist Alliance,
stressed that the groups' stand is rtot “pro-abortion" but
“pro-choice".

“This is not a moral issue. bttt rather an issue of politics
arid power. We are irt favor of the legal rigltts of every
woman to have an abortion. should she so desire,"
kGoldl‘ischcr said.

 

 

spending. Otherwise. lte said, there is not much difference
between tltertt. “Senator Kennedy is muclt more inclined
toward the old philosophy of pouring ottt rtcw programs
and ttcw rttortcy to meet a social need." he said. “l'nt ntuclt
ntorc inclined to try to make existing programs work effi-
‘ietttly artd start up new programs only when it's absolutely
tccessary.” On defense, Carter Sllld.v“l would be irt favor
if tnuclt stronger defense comrttittttents titan his record
.ltows."

Israeli Gov’t Suffers Blows

JERUSALEM (Al’) Prime Minister Meuachcut licgirt's
goverruttcrtt was rcelittg today under two surprise blows -—
the resignation of Foreign Minister Moshe Dayan and tr
Supreme Court order llllll Jews must give tip it controver-
Silll West Bank settlement. The court order. handed dpwn
today, said tltc government‘s sci/.ure of privately-owned
Arab land for the Elort Morclt scttlcmcnt rtcttr tltc Arnb city
of Nnbltts was illegal. It gave tltc settlers 30 days to get out.
The Arab landowners httd challenged the govcrrttttcttt's
clairtt that the settlement was esserttinl for lsrncl's sccttrity.
art argument the high court had accepted itt all previous
cases irtvolvirtg Jewish cttclttvcs irt occupied territory.
Dayan lutd cited his opposition to the Elon Morclt settle-
ntcttt as one of the reasons for his resignation Sunday. liut
his chief gripe was his luck of influence over the four-
month-old negotiations with Egypt and the Urtitcd States
on autonomy for Palestinians on the occupied West llank
of the Jordan River and irt the Gaza Strip. Begin and other
leading members of his Cabinet said tltc resignation won't
change their touglt stand in the autonomy talks. lint lsruel‘t
newspapers today predicted Daytttt's dcpttrtttrc would

Darelirsc: Ocrobm 22, 1979

W W

treaty are comingto‘a crucial vote in the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee. The panel was beginning its second
week of line-by-line review of the arms limitation treaty to-
day, and tentatively is scheduled to vote Tuesday on issues
involving the American MX mobile missile and the Soviet
Union’s 308 “heavy missiles.” One amendment, by
Republican Leader Howard Baker of Tennessee. would
give the United States the right to convert 308 light missiles
to heavy missiles to match the Soviet force. Another pro-
posal, also by Baker, Would assert the right of the United
States to deploy the MX missile, a $30 billion system that
will become a key part of the U.S. nuclear arsenal in the
1980‘s. On the “heavy missile" question. the administra—
tion says the Soviet Union would not agree to any Changes
without U.S. concessions in return. Baker and other critics
say tltc Soviet Union’s exclusive right to heavy missilcx
makes the treaty inequitable. The administration says tin-
MX amendment is not necessary. arguing that the treaty
clearly allows its deployment. Critics say Soviet leaders.
itave never indicated they agree with the U.S. interpretation
on this point. The Foreign Relations Committee had hoped
to have the treaty ready by November 1 for Senate debate,
but it appears to be falling behind its schedule.

 

Secret Ike Tapes Cited

AIIIlrENE. Kurt. (AP) A fragrttcntcd collection of lyDt'
written transcripts shows that the late President Dwight D
Eisenhower taped conversations irt the Oval Office. :trt
Eisenhower Library archivist said Sunday. However, lltt'

tapes don't exist. We have no knowledge ofwhat happened
to them. Whetltcr they were left bcltirtd or destroyed is it
matter of speculation." ltc said. The Houston Chronicle, in
a copyrighted story Saturday. reported that EisenltOWcr
secretly taped conversations that took place in the Oval Of-
fice. In one. Eisenhower critized his vice president, Richard
Nixon. for Nixon's outspoken criticism of the Democratic
leadership’s handling of foreign policy. Nixon was forced
to resign as president in August 1974 in part because of in-
formation that becnme public from his owrt secret Oval Of-
fice taping system. The Chronicle said the recordings begun
with meetings in October 1953 and continttcd at least until
December 1958. Leyerzapf said the library's staff had
discovered the transcripts in early 1976 wltilc processing
papers of the president‘s personal secretary, Ann C. Whit-
man. He said the 6.000-page file — called “The Anti Willi»
man Diary" ~— was opened for general research work in

Llanuary 1977.

W archivist, Jim Lcyerznpf. said. "As far as we know. the

Mice Attempt a UAS Dinner

The daily routine of dinner iIt Colonial Quad Cult-term
was itttcrrttpted yesterday by two tttlcxpcclctl guests: otrc
wltitc attd one brownish-black mouse. Students were both
friglttcncd and amused by the mice. One diner. who \\tl\
Irttcr identified as Linda Dittriclt. simply picked up the tune
by their tails artd dropped them out lltc door. UAS wot lxt'i‘
were unsure of how they got ittto tltc cnfctcritt, although the
side doors were opcrt because of the humidity. chottt-tlix,
the rtticc made no attempt to steal any food lltIlll lllt'
cafctcrin. Ms. Dittriclt, a biology mujor, identified them .1»

albino and field rtticc.

 

 

 

wcnkcrt ttttd a government alrcntly staggered In ,t tlttmt‘wlh
political crisis. Opposition Lttbor‘ l'nrty thtt'i Shituou
Peres. reacting to the resignation. called on the govt"! HIHCI”
to scltcdttlc new clcctiorts, a call Begin was not likL'l)’ 1“
heed. liven before Duyun resigned, several Utililbllltm Pi"
tics rttiscd motions of no confidence lit the iicgiu govern
rnertt, prirttnrily challenging its handling 01 tltc intlntiou-
warped economy. Those motions come up for tlcllitlt‘ 'l'ucs-
day when Parliament opens its Winter session. lit-gin war.
expected to survive the tin-confidence votes, but rt
spokesman said Defense Minister lilcr Wei/.tntut had been
recalled frortt a visit to Egypt to bolster govcrrtrttcttt rrurkr.
during the voting. However, reports frortt Cairo said Well.
mart left the Egyptian capital todtty for two days 01' SlBlllj
seeing in the southern city or Lttxor. Wei/mart was one oi

Duyun's few allies lit the Cnblrtet.M

 

 

 

 

. I
..,. ._; . _.... ..._. .. 

2: ~-... i—vrt 

 

 

 

SUNY Binghamton Curbs Drinking

 

No Apparent Need (At SUN YA Rathskellar

by Aron Smith

While SUNYA students are con-
cerned about the amount of liquor
permitted at on-campus parties,
some SUNY Binghamton students
are being refused alcoholic
beverages at the campus Pub.

Committees composed of faculty
members. students and ad-
ministrators have been formed at
both schools for the purpose of
reviewing alcohol use policy for
public areas on campus. While
SUNYA's Committee on University
lttterim Policy on Alcoltol made
speciﬁc suggestions for per person
alcohol cortsrtmption limits earlier
this semester. tltesc guidelines did
not apply to drinkittg witlritt rooms
or suites or at the Campus Center‘s
thtltskcllcr.

SUNY Birtghrtmton I’ttb
Manager Mark Stevens is a rrtcrttbcr
of that school’s alcohol policy com~
ntittcc, which like SUNYA’s. is
concerned about the effects of stu-
dertt drinking on campus van-

dalism. However, Stevens has par-
tially taken matters into his own
hands, refusing to serve liquor to
students whom ltc feels may ltrtrt
themselves, others or property.

 

\..

We're not running around shut-
ting off people trying to put a buzz
on,” he said. “These are people
who are easily recognizable by
anyone who frequents the establish-
ment. If they don’t know enough to
stop drinking. we’ll do what we can
to stop them. We're not going to
wait until one of them wraps his car
around a tree or goes out and
assaults someone.”

Stevens stressed that only a hand-
ful of students are involved, and
that most of them are alcoholics.

“Like any other bar in the state,
we are required by law to refuse ser-
vice to known alcoholics." he said.
“There are a ttttmber of students
who cannot hold their liquor and
they are refused service on campus.
Otrr main concern is bcirtg in corn-
pliancc with the law."

Stcvctts also claims that he has
the interests of his patrons in mind
when service is refused.

“We‘ve ltad patrons corrtirtg up
saying ‘you'd be doirtg that guy a
favor by slttttlittg him 011".“ he
said. “We've becrt approacltcd by
patrons who care about sorttcortc
else. in rrtost of the cases. we were
already aware of the problem.

SA Supreme Court Justice Eric Zuldlns
"I want people to know that we exist. ”

ASUBA Accounts For 1977-78
Overspending On Budget

by llcth Setter

“'l'he ASP overplnycd the
ASllllA Urtity l’rcss expenditure. It
was nothing bttt scrtstttionttlisrn to
attract readers." suid Albany State
University liluck Alliance (ASUIIA)
ttrcrttbct liruce .lcff, irt response to at
recent ulSl‘ article on ASUEA's
1978-79 budget.

The October 1) issue of the ASP
sttttctl lllill AStltlA overspertt last
year's $12,000 SA budget by
$2.000. in the article, ASUIIA
President Leander llnrdnwuy said,
“The or'gaui/ntiort has been opera—
tion itt debt for years." citittg the
1977-78 budget tWt‘tt'XllClltllllll’C of
$5.961. '

Jeff said tltc ASI' is trying to

OCTOBER 23, 197‘)

“defame Unity Press which is the
bcsl'and rttost rclcvnrtt rtews cor—
rcspottdcttcc on ctrrttpus." Unin
Press is n triagttziuc printed by
ASUllA.

According to forrtter Finance
Cortttttittcc Chnir Steve Coplort.
“'l‘hcy’vc (ASUBA) overspettt for
at lcttst titrcc ycttrs."

Student Associtttiort(S/\) Presi-
dcrtt Listt Newmurk refused to
single ottt ASUllA as the. SA fund-
ed group which exceeded its allotted
bttdgct the most. Speakers Forum,
Jewish Students Coalition. State.
lttrllrttt, and Colonial Quttd Boards
nrtd litterm Lutirtu were among the
groups which overspettt their

it’s not good for them. it’s not
good for us. it's not good for
business," said Stevens. “but it’s
still a very touchy thing. It’s dif-

. ﬁcult to tell somebody that I know,

somebody that 1 like. that we can't
serve them. This is not something
we publicize. We don't put him up
on a rack outside the door. We
don't take out a full-page ad in the

  

Pipe Dream(SUNY atngttamton's‘
student newspaper). It’s a private
matter between us and the
customer."

Stevens called the situation one
which coulc occur in any town. Stu-'
dent response to the move has been

’minin‘ial, and without negative
overtones, he said.

"I don’t tltlnk it’s a situation
when students are looking over
their shoulders and saying. ‘my
God, 1 hope the manager doesn’t
come over and shut me off'," said
Stevens. “It's an ongoing thing,
however. If you have someone
who's had too much to drink, you
strut him off."

According to

      

SUNYA
/

hathskeller Assistant Manage'r‘Gor-
'don Oliver. no students how been
"shut off" at SUNYA this year.
Although such incidents have oc-
curred in the past, he claims it has
beenat least four years since the last
one.
I “This is a bar and it should be
run that way." said Oliver. “We
don’t have any trouble at all. The
worst thing that happens here is
when we' get strange'people from
other places."
‘ While admitting to occasional
minor problems, Oliver said that?
most of these are caused by patrons
who are not, members of the
SUNYA community

“We have no traub'e fromt
 co‘nttitued on page ﬁve .-.

 
 

 

SUNYA Rathskeller Pub in the Campus Center

The bar has had no 'prablem drinkers“ In years

Chief Justice To Improve SA Court

 

Publicizes Judicial Redress

by Aron Srttith

Cullirtg tlte SA Suprcrrtc Cottrt n
decaying judicial body, Chief
Justice Eric Zztidirts has drawn up a
memorandum calling for a broad
utilization of the cottrt by SUNYA
sttrdcrtts arid SA-fundcd groups.

According to Zrtidirts, only 24
cases have bccrt heard by tltc court
sittcc 1975. All bttt four dealt with
election law and appointment
grievances. Tltcsc suits were lodged
against AMlA. the Classes of 1976
and 1978 and tire Albany Student
Press.

I 'dirts hopes to ittforrtt student
organizations that the court is ll
viable thoroughfare for resolving
conflicts. Tltc court is oftcrt regard-
ed as ltavittg a very narrow jurisdic-
tiort. dur to tire cases that it has
judged itt reccttt years, he said.

 

budgets.

Ncwntnrk added tltnt SA is
“taking constructive measures to
make sure tltttt no group ovcr'spertds
this year. We sltould stop dwelling
on tltc pttst."

Central Courtcil Cltttir Mike Levy
cxplrtlrtcd that if h group
overspcnds its budch dttrlttg n pur-
ticttlur fiscul ycttr. tltc ttrttottttt is
deducted front its upproprintiorts
for the following year.

Levy said ASUIJA ovcrspcrtt its
1977-78 budget bccttttsc of art urt—
successful concert sponsored by the
grottp during “Black Weekend."

As t| result ot the concert. Central

cont/ruled on page ﬁve

“We are only permitted. based
on the constitution. to write an opi-
ttiort bttscd on a petition before us,"
said Zaidirts. You have to be careful
ltow you word tltirtgs ttttd phrase
things. The court cannot lttkc legal
ttctiort on sotttctltirtg tltut's rtot irt
frortt of it. You thtll tltc court to
lttkc action? You have to stick it
urtder its nose."

Accordirtg lo Znidirts, the
Supreme court cottductcd only two
hearing last year. They were botlt
ltcld on the some mid~May evening.
He plans to cottduct regular
meetings of the court this year,
regardless of whether there ttrc suits
to be heard. These sessions will be
rtscd to discuss procedural uttlllcrs

“V

and “how to trundle things."

“What this is tellirtg the is one of
two things." said Zaidlns. “Either
there are no disputes, or students
aren't aware titut they do have
redress. l wartt people to know that
we exist." lte said. “The only
reason that 1 know nbottt it is that
I‘m on the court."

Znidius ltopcs that his memoran-
dum will increase the four-member
court‘s visibility,

"We ltnve to go to the students
and tire stttdettt groups. because
they're rtot going to come to us,"
he said. “it's a responsibility that
up to now the court has not lived up
to.’I

 
   

SA President Lllitl Newmark and Council Chair Milt

CWIIMI' .'

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

mov rig to stop group overspen n3.

PAGE THREE

 

: ...,..__:,... .1_..,~,.,.:._:_,.,,.-_...,,W

