 

 

 

 

 

 

 

>....,.u—.s.-.=.. A -r 2‘.-‘

:eri'diliiaéwS

 

\

(inter and the-Peace Talks

WASHINGTONtAP) President Carter planned to plunge
directly into peace talks with Prime Minister Menachem
Begin after the lsraell leader's arrival late yesterday. The
talks, aimed at resurrectlng the stalled lsraeli-Egyptian
peace negotiations, are being held amid_growing strains in
U.S.-lsraeli relations. Carter has expressed frustration over
the deadlock in negotiations. The Israelis are unhappy
because the United States is supporting key Egyptian de-
mands. Still, White House press secretary Jody Powell said
before Begin's arrival: "The United States is going to explore
every legitimate opportunity" for a settlement. Even so, the
outlook for concluding a treaty between Egypt and lsreal did
not appear bright as Carter moved into what he says will be “a
frank discussion of the issues" with Begin.

ﬁfgldaig Ozgoing in Vietnam

 

BANGKOK. Thailand (AP) Vietnamese troops repulsed
Chinese forces near Lang Son, a key provincial capital. but
the Chinese battled back successfully at some points. intelli-
gence sources in Bangkok reported yesterday. Vietnam
claimed its forces had killed orwounded 27.000 Chinese in 12
days of fighting. The Hanoi report said Vietnamese troops
also had destroyed 200 tanks and 30 other military vehicles
but the claims could not be verified. Japan's Kyodo news
service reported that Chinese Vice Premier Li Hsien-nien told
reporters in Peking yesterday that the Chinese invasion force
had critically damaged "two or three" regular Vietnamese
divisions. “We will pull out once our objective is achieved."
Li was quoted as telling the reporters. In the fighting. the
Vietnamese pushed back Chinese troops nearthc city of Lang
Son. 80 miles northeast of Hanoi. and at nearby Loc Binh,

 

 

 

142% ~- .

the sources said. They said tank-led Chinese counter-attacks

later scored some successes against the Vietnamese in both
I areas, but still had not taken the city. Earlier yesterday.

Kyodo quoted sources in Hanoi as saying fierce fighting was

going on in the Lang area, and the Chinese were launching
' human-wave assaults urged by bugles.

China said yesterday it would withdraw from Vietnam if the
Vietnamese would leave Cambodia. But the Chinese said
they were sure the Vietnamese would not accept the chall-
enge.

Hts Drivers Demand Seaa'ity

NewYorkCAP) Anestimated 2.000strikingbusdriversand
matrons demonstrated in front of City Hall yesterday, some
of them‘carrying American ﬂags and chanting: “What do we
want? Job security nowl" The demonstration, which was
peaceful, took placed in the 15th day of the strike that has
resulted in a drastic cut of the number of handicapped
students getting to school. City officials said they drove 556 of
the handicapped pupils to school yesterday, the second day
that they have carried the same amount. Paul Trautman.
director of the program, said the city hopes to gradually
increase the number of children transported each day to 700.
Later in the day. a Court of Appeals judge was to rule on
whether the city can proceed with opening birls for school bus
contracts. Demonstrators at the City Hall protest maintained
that those new contriacts could cost them theirjobs and also
deprive students of experienced drivers.

OilSqueeaeinEab/Stages

New York(AP) Several of the nation's major oil companies
yesterday began reacting to the “lranian squeeze" as they
limited oil supplies to their dealers. The move by Texaco.

I

Standard Oil of lndiana, Amoco and Cities Service to dent
with the current cutoff of lranian oil matched a policy
previously announced by Mobil, Atlantic Richficld and
Continental Oil Co. Texaco said it is providing customers
with 90 percent of the gasoline they bought in March 1973.
Amoco dealers will receive 100 percent of their March 1978
deliveries but no more despite increased demand. while Cities
Service is providing 80 percent of the gasoline it Shipped a
year ago. Mobil, the nation's No. 2 oil company, 3150
announced Wednesday it is limiting the amount of crude oil it
sells to refineries. Mobil said it would cut sales by 9 percent.
retroactive toJan. 1, and did not say when the limits would be
lifted. Exxon earlier said it is cutting crude oil shipments by
10 percent during this year's first quarter.

Records ﬁlm] Soon be Cleared

Washington (AP) The Social Security Administration may
wipe off its books $33 billion in workers' earnings from 1937
to 1955 that were never posted to the correct workers‘
accounts because of identification problems. The $33 billion
is part of the nearly $69 billion in earnings records that the
agency revealed Wednesday are in its "Suspense File." The
earnings were reported with mistaken or missing Social
Security numbers and names. Social Security Commissioue'
Stanfordk G. Ross said he has ordered a study on (list
carding the incorrect records from the 1937404955 era
because runst benefits yesterday are figured only on earnings
froru 1950 and later. Ross said the $09 billion is only a tiny
portion — 0.7 percent — of the $9.7 trillion the SSA has
credited to workers' accounts since the system was set up in
1937.

 

 

 

/' V‘-\

    

, yesterday attzﬂﬂpm.
Bells like us, baby we were born to ring

Born To Chime

WCDB played "Happy Birthday" for itselfyesterday — in
slightly altered fashion. Rather than going through one quick
chorus of that notoriously off-key, four-line classic, WCDB
saluted itself by chiming out Bruce Springsteen’s "Born To
Run" on the University's carillon. -

At 4:00 p.m. yesterday. WCDB DJ. David Goldman,

The Carillon rang Bruce ", ‘

 

 

g

  
  

played theSpringstecn tune on the keyboard that pipes direc
ly to the carillon‘s speakers. marking the exact time of
WCDB's FM birth one year ago. And in case you've forgotten
or haven't guessed, “Born To Run" was the song the radio
t station signed on with last year.

What with the bells and the near 50 degree weather
yesterday. WCDB's birthday party on the podium was a near
success. All that was lacking was free beer.

And They’re Off To Kentucky

game will be relayed back to Albany via telephone.

that the radio station has "very competent" engineers,

 Convenience Dispensed

For the convenience of woman students, faculty
and employees, tampon dispensers have been in-
stalled on the first floor women’s bathrooms in all
:he academic buildings on the podium. in addition
:0 that, there are two in the library, in the basement
and on the second floor; two in the campus center,
mm the Rat and on the first floor; two in the lecture

:enters and one in the gym.

in the bathrooms on the second and third floors,
ttrckcrs explaining that the dispensers are on the first

floor have been posted.

; WCDB is hitting the road this weekend as it travels to the 3
big game in Kentucky! The radio station is sending two
sportseastcrs and one engineer to broadcast the game live. A

SA provided the funds to transport the three to Kentucky
and SUNYA is footing the bill for the telephone lines. The

WCDB has never brondcasted from such a distance, but no
problerus are expected. One WCDB worker said reassuringly

According to Central Council member Sue Gold,
.vho helped bring about the new devices, the
nachincs cost $70 each, and in'thc future may be
)laced on the second and third floors ot‘ all buildings.
[hope to God that this stut'l'comcs out okay. '

  
   

The Dana balkatblltan wlll be In Kentucky tor the NCAA's.
Looking to bring home the mass.

 

 

PAGE TWO

 

ALIANY STUDENT PRESS

Gunya neWs briEEi/J

MARCH 2, 1979

W

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

, Students Pmtest Loss bf .A.

by Wendy Greenﬁeld

About twenty Steinmetz Hall resi-
dents crowded together Thursday in
a “sit-in" outside State Quad Coor-
dinator Pattie Snyder's Tappan Hall
apartment. The students gathered to
show their support for their Resident
Assistant (RA) Steve chlnman. who
was fired Sunday.

Steinmetz dorm residents were
angry over the dismissal. claiming
that she has not given a reason for
the action. The mini-demonstration
was organized in an attempt to get
Snyder to make a statement as to
why she fircd Kleinmart.

"Pattieis inexccssible and unco-
operative to the dorm residents."
said dorm resident Denise Ford.
"She has a condescending attitude
and a bad rapport with the stu«

dents." Snyder said that she was not
interested in speaking to the stu-
dents.

ln a letter sent to Kleinman. howe-
ver, Snyder cited two reasons for his
termination: failure to follow Unl-
vcrsity Alcohol Guidelines arid fail-
ure to interpret the use of Residence
Facilities Policy accurately to the stu-
dents.

Kleinman said that he was fired
for three reasons. First, he admitted
that he made an inappropriate coni-
ment concerning residency regula-
tions which was overheard by a dorm
director and reported to Snyder.

The second reason he cited for his
dismissal was his failure to follow
University Alcohol Guidelines C011-
cerning the promotion of Alcohol.

 

Albany's Planned Parenthood an Lark street.
An option for the pregnant woman.

 

  

He said that Snyder held him respon-
sible for a poster publicizing a beer
party. The poster, which emphasized
beer more than food, violated the Alc
ohol Guidelines.

The third reason, Kleinmnn said,
was that he and the clean-up cont-
mittec did not do a good cnonglt job
mopping the floor after the party.

Because of the uncertainty sur-
rounding reasons for Kleinman's
dismissal, Director of Residences
John D. Welty has suspended Klein‘
man's termination and allowed him
one appeal. to be made by March 2.

chinman said that even if he does
not get reinstated. he hopes that new
rules will be formed establishing spe-
cific guidelines for dismissing Resi-
dent Assistants.

 

Students In rally on bahall at M Steve Klalnman.

 

Pillng an the OC.

Abortion Clinics Pose Problems

11 is cornmun knowledge that a
woman living in the United States
today can legally choose to terminate
a pregnancy. While the effect of the
Supreme Court's lcgali'lntion of
abortion in 1973 was to familiarize
many with the procedure, the easy
access to abortion has had its nega~
tive side effects.

Today. a woman looking to end an
unwanted pregnancy can simply
open a newspaper. be quoted a price
and told where to go for such ser-
vices. The problem with this kind of
publicity, according to a counselor
for Planned Parenthood, is that a
woman doesn't always get the best
information before milking the (ice
ision to have an abortion. The coun-
selor added that some women who
thought. they were pregnant, but oe-
tually weren't, have sought to have
abortions performed without con-
firming the fact that they were preg-

Pittman Hall Makes Living Easy

by Beth Sexer

With one semester behind them.
the remaining students residing in
Pittman Hall are now satisfied with
their living arrangements. Last years
conflicts. which were espec-
conflicts. which were especially hea-
vy have been greatly reduced and the
40 remaining students are there by
choice.

Pittman llall is a slnall building
located on Loutlcnville Road about
six miles from campus. The lorrner
school forwayward girls is part of the
Saint Agnes complex, and was leased
for one dollar per year by the Off
('mnpns Association (OCA). provid-
ing Sl lNYA paid the cost of renovat-
ion and insurance. which totaled
$40,000.

The decision to lease Pittman for
students was due to the ill-fated nt-
tr-mpt to house students last year at
the ('ountrv Squire Motel alter
spaces on campus were filled.

Last year‘s residents at the
Country Squire complained about
insufficient transportation. laxity in
motel management concerning fire
drills. extinguishers. fire alarms.
poor utilities and telephone serticcs.
lack of security, and the scarcity of
room furniture. Due to these
difficulties OCA recommended that
SUNYA not house students there
again.

The new housing in Pittman llall.
according to students living there,
has been more snow sf l. Conflicts
arosc cur'licl' last scmcstcr due to
some protests against Dorm
Director Michael Welch‘s adherence
to courtesy hours. and claims that he

 MARCH2,,19’T.

was running the hall like a summer

'camp. Insufficient transportation,

overcrowding. and lack of maid
service for the bathrooms were also
causes for complaint. However, both
students and Welch expressed their
satisfaction in the present situation
in Pittman.

Two transfer students, Rich and
Dan. described life in Pittman as
“honest,” where locking room doors
is unnecessary. Because there are so
few living there. they are very close,
"almost like a frat." as Dan put it.
Referring to earlier complaints
about Welch. Dan explained that
“people like him. Last semester he
didn‘t get any help from the RAs."
Since then two out of the three RAs
at Pittman have left.

Concerning transportation. Rich
commented that althouin new runs
were added to coincide with class
schedules anti weekend needs, it is
"still insufficient, but it could be
worse.“

()ne graduate student, however,
said that the “bus service is excellent
. . . They run regularly and on time.“
Sophomore Jessie Ross said that
“people used to complain about the
buses, but not anymore. We have
none of the unpredictability like at
the Wellington."

However, they still feel that there
are not enough weekend runs, and
one ex-l’ittmnn resident, Jenny
Kramer, said that last semester she
was “at the total mercy of the bus,“
since no other one is available at that
location.

The conflicts between Welch and
the students at' Pittman have also

decreased. Some of the students are
still unhappy with Welch's
adherence to the it p.m. weekday
and 2 am. weekend courtesy hours.
However. Kramer said that the fault
did not lie with Welch or the RAs,
but in a “handful of guys that were
totally destructive, and literally
wrecked property." ‘

When half ofthe original Pittman
students moved out this semester the
noise and rowdincss decreased, with

        

nant.

Another counselor for Planned
Parenthood said that a lot of prob-
lems are often created when a woman
arranges for an abortion herself-
without the aid of a counseling agen-
cy. "Frequently a woman will go
some place less expensive. less ethi-
cal. Some of these places don't take
the time to work with the patients."
she said.

For example. she said. many pla-
ced do not inform the patient of all
possible options. nor do they make
clear all the potential risks involved.
She also said that many places do not
provide a follow-up program for its
patients.

The counselor emphasized the im—
portance of working through a coun-

seling agency in order to obtain qual- .

ity care. An agency such as Planned
Parenthood is de signed to provide
all persons with objective and correct
information early.

"The important thing if a woman
thinks she's pregnant is to find out
early so that all the options are avail-
able to her," the counselor said.

Planned Parenthood. located at
259 Lark Street. is now connected
with the SUNYA contraceptive eli-
nic. it provides pregnancy testing for
eight dollars and the results are
ready in 24 hours. if the test results
come out positive (indicating preg-
nancy) both pregnancy and abortion
counseling is provided by the agency.

Pregnancy counseling is available
to those women who are undecirled
about their pregnancy. The fee for
this serviced is based on a sliding

Pittman Hall students say that they are satlsflart.

toeklng duo/s unnecessary
thcaddcdadvantagc ofcuttingdown
the overcrowded triple rooms into
doubles. Ross merely laughed about
the courtesy hours: "Courtesy
hours?" he said, “1 don't think we
have courtesy hours."

The students mentioned the
advantages they enjoy at Pittman.

such as their access to the St. Agnes
gymnasitm. a laundry room with
both hot and cold washers; and
carpeting In some of the rooms.
Althoughthey complained about the
mandatory breakfast plan, the poor
bathroom cleaning, and are still
somewhat dissatisﬁed with the-

_ ALBANY‘STUDENT PRESS

 

 

 

settle. but the agency guarantees that
no one is denied service because of an
inability to pay.

The counselor said that abortion
counseling is provided free of charge
for all women who have made the
decision to terminate a pregnancy.
This counseling attempts to support
the woman's choice as well as provide
her with all the necessary informa-
tion about costs. procedures, doc-
tors, and medical risks, she said.

The counselor said the agency tries
to give a Woman several different
referrals, thereby leaving open a
numbercf options that can be suited
to individual needs.

The factor that generally plays the
most decisive role in determining the
choiced of referral is the stage of the

pregnancy. For example. an “early
abortion" (one which is performed
less than twelve weeks after the last
menstrual period) need not be per-
formed in a hospital. but may be
done in a doctor's office or in a‘clinic,
for between $150 and 5300.

An abortion performed after
twelve weeks must by law be per-
formed in a hospital. Even though
such abortions are sometimes done
on an out-patient basis, hey usually
cost $300 or more,

The services offered by Planned
Parenthood are available to persons
of all ages. Although neither the
agency nor New York State requires
parental consent before an abortion
can be performed, the counselor said
she knows ofno place in the Albany
area allowing minors to receive abor-
tions without parental consent

 

transportation, some of these
problems are being dealt with.
Director of Housing John Wele
said that in a meeting held last week
some “minor changes" in the bus
schedule were effected to coincide
with class schedules.

continued on page live

not: Tuner:

 

 

A»: _ ,\ Em»

