.....1._:-—!'

 

Mornings: our team of wake-up people will get you going in
the morning with their combination of news, weather, and of
course, great getting-up music. .
Midday: 91FM carries through with a strong and skilled
group ready to entertain you during your stops between
classes, or your hours spent at work. ' ‘
Afternoon: As the day goes on WCDB keeps you gomg With
the best daytime sounds around.
Jazz: Perfect for the late afternoon wind-down, and Saturday
morning rise-up, our jazz team plays the best inrmainstream.
be bop, funk, and modern styles. . .
Spectrum: Interesting public affairs programming designed
with you in mind. Off-campus life, , university events.
interviews, offbeat news stories, and much, much more.
Weeknights'at 6:00 pm. '
Rook Capsule: Touching down four times a day With the

ost Jeff Bellis for a most provacative hour of
7777 is the number to call for your chance
h, and anything in between. Wednesday

Open Firedoinh
open line radio: 7-
to discuss life. deat

. m. g -
:ﬁlﬁkhlpre've made'Saturday somethingspecml. instead
of entrusting this important weekend evening to only on?
91 FM disc jockey, we are going to present a rotating series 0
0.1.5 who will take turns hosting. Saturday nights, 7.00 prn.
Blast From the Past: A SUNYA legend returns...but now it s
on Sunday Night of Gold. Our incredibly knowlegeabie oldies
team will do their best to honor your request for pro-1970 rock
n' roll music), as well as bringing you. selections from our
staggering singles collection. Sunday nights, “:00 pm:
9|FM News: Our news staff brings you up to the minute
reports on all the news from around the campus, around the
nation, and around the world. Weekdays at 8 and 10 am, I2
noon, and 4, 6, 8, and 10 pm. During the overnights and on
weekends it’s the AP radio network covering the world

 

 

 

Group  the week: Host Dave Reisman bringsvyou four days
of the history, in words and music, of one major group or
artist. Monday through Thursday, 6:30 pm.

Front Row Center: You've got the best seats in the house for a
taped live concert by a major group, recorded at their best.
Upcoming shows include the Ramones, Heart, the Kinks and
DaVid Johansen. Monday at 8 pm. | -
Long Player: We've always been very big on album
features,and now we‘re bigger than ever. Tuesday and
1 hursdny nights at 8:00 pm we‘ll spotlight an important new
release, and Wednesday and Friday nights at 8:00 pm we'll
play a classic record. All our featured albums are played in
their entirety, with no interruptions during sides.

National Lampoon Radio Hour: A half hour of the‘ kind of
crazy, irreverent humor made famous by the National
Lampoon Magazine. Featuring the talents of Chris Guest.
Jollm Belushi, Michael O‘Donohue. Chevy Chase, and many
ot ers.

91FM Sports: Three times each weekday, and four times over
the weekend, our sports team gives you comprehensive and
complete coverage of all sports action. Tune in and find out
how your team did. We also bring you the most complete
story in our Great Danes live game broadcasts. From our
exclusive coach and player interviews to play by play done by
people who really know the team. 9l FM game coverage is the
one to hear. _ ‘
Giveaways: Listen carefully, for any time during the day or
night we could be giving away one of our dozens of weekly
prizes, from free copies of albums to be featured on “Long
Player“, to concert and movie tickets, and much more. We co-
promote all University Concert Board shows, so we're the ﬁrst
with the ticket information, and first with the tickets.

An Hourtohlll: Mark Rappaportand Sue Luinetti co-hosta
ﬂew entertainment oriented talk show, featurin the famous

“.maﬁs‘é'w‘ .\ wikﬁl— . ' ’

M
is...__, _ ‘

L‘s-

latest news of the rock music world, featuring interviews with
the international stars and cuts from new records, Weekdays

happenings.
at 9 km, 1 and 9 pm, and ﬁnally at I am \ _ ‘ Five Minutes with [.W. Fox" on locutioninterViews,offbeat

news reports, listener call-ins, and much, much more.

Tuesday, 11:00 pm,
University Events
Features
Off-beat News Stories

Rock-and-Roll News

N ..
Addy; ' ......and much, much more.
Phone Number Coming Monday and every weekday at 6:00 on

I'V—‘aa‘.

 

 

 

 

.A M...M‘._.. _. . .. ‘

Front Row Center

Sports ls Heel

Weekdays at 10 am, 7 p’ m, and
midnight

 

Monday 8 pm

The

 

 

Off- Campus Life

Interviews
Weekends Calendar

Enter the 9|FM RAMONES Contest - dozens of prizes
including posters, tee-shirts, and, of course, albums. iill in
honor of otir exclusive tape of their European tour lust year.

Jackson
Browne

Group of the Week

eekends —~ ‘ gl in News
l » j -. . Weekdays
Monday Tuesday Wednesday Friday Saturday Sunday 7 am AP Radio New.
10 am Live 91 FM News
Noon Live 91FM News
Jazz:
Efn E S 4 pm Live 91FM News
t
n etevez eve Olruba 6pm Live 91FM News
8 pm Live 91FM News
10 pm Live 91FM News
3 am AP Radio News
6 am AP Radio News

Commentary

Saturday at 6 pm and midnight
Sundays at 6 pm and 11 pm

9| In Sports

 

 

 

Winners will he announced the concert is aired.

Weekdays

 

 

 

Dave Reilman Leigh Robartee Jesse David Steve Taylor Jim Diamond

7-10 am
morning

 

 

10.] Alan C.Kaufman Dennis Scheyer Paul Heneghan Julie Hall Dave Goldman

midday

 

 

1-4 April Petﬁt Susan Luinelﬁ Alan Rothstein Susan Luinetti Bob O'Brien

afternoon
Dennis Scheyer Bob O’Brien

 

' Neil Sieﬂel April Pettit Larry Donne Jesse David Hy Stadlen 
mu “Hi on Jazz"

  gﬁeﬁRadioNews

10 am AP Radio News
GROUP OF THE WEEK
7.11 LONG PLAYER

Noon AP Radio News
3 pm AP Radio News
evening. Paul Heneghan Rich Schenkman Jim Satumo Dave Reiman
Open Fire

 

 

 

 

 

 

Weekend:
6 pm
11 pm Sunday Only

63:30
National Lampoon
Radio Hour

 

 

 

6:30-7

 

 

 

C" . Midnight- Saturday only
5 pm AP Radio News

7 pm APRadio News

9 pm APRadio News

11 pm Sat: AP Radio Nzlwe

Oldies: Neil Siege] , . 0 Y
Felix lavarone M'dmm

th t '
Ala" R0 5 cm Brian K. I I Sun AP Radio News only
""’ ""’" # ﬂ 3 am AP Radio News , 1 pm 1 “m

AM” miss...) Felix “222.. G“ W22: 7 am AP Radio New-

Dave Goldman

 

 

Alan C. Kaufmaym Rotations

 

 

11"12 AnHour to Kill

Rock Capsule Weekdays I

 

12-3 Jim Diamond Bria“ Sullivan 9 am 9 pm

la tonight

David Lester Trudi Lesser Riel! SChenkm'ln

 

 

 

 

 

 

Steve F roet Chris Zelechowslri

3.7 Joan Brandoilky

overnight Leigh Roberto:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

