 

by Ralph Nader

' llie tie.\t time you pick up a well-sharpened

No. 2 pencil and begin to hurriedly answer a

standardized. multiple-choice test. chances

are that your test is one of more than eight
million given annually by the Educational

Testing Service (ETS). You may know ETS

manufactures SATs. LSATs, ORB and

GMATs. With these tests alone. ETS

influences the educational and career

opportunities of millions of people. But the
power of ETS does not begin orend with those
tests. ETS markets 299 different tests. ETS
tests are used to determine entrance to over60
occupations including ﬁreﬁghters. actuaries.
policeme'n.’ real estate ' brokers. sailors.
teachers. gynecologists. engineers. and auto
mechanics. ETS test results are the standards
of access to some of the most powerful
professions: Foreign Service ofﬁcers. New

York stockbrokers. lawyers in over 40 states.
CIA agents. Two million elementary students
take ETS tests. and ETS is even developing
ways to test infants. ETS helps determine who
w 11 be eligible for ﬁnanctal’ard and howmuch
ti :3 will receive. The ﬁnancial information
l [S obtains on nearly two million families is
more detailed than a mortgage application or
an IRS return. ETS consultants and trainees
help shape education and labor allocation
policy in scores of countries. including
Singapore. Brazil. and Saudi Arabia. And
ETS has test centers in l20 countries,

In thirty years. probably 90 million people
have had their schooling. jobs. prospects for
advancement. and helicls in their own
potential directly shaped by the quiet but

pervasive power of ETS.

What Is the [actuationm Testing Service!
How has it eentra\'r:ed so much power? \s it
accountable to anyone. or anything? Should
your opportunities he so inﬂuenced by ETS'
standards of aptitude or intelligence?

Despite its massive inﬂuence. few people
question ETS. Students may want to tear up
test forms in moments of frustration, but few
of us think ofchallengi ng the corporation that
makes tliet" . We will soon release a lengthy
report on I‘ S written by Allan Nairn. which
in: hope will help people understand, and
question. the unique and unregulated power
of this corporation.

Indeed. ETS is. in non-dollar ways. a large
corporation. It has more customers per year
than GM and Ford combined. Despite its non-
proﬁt status. it declares roughly a million

dollars in “non-proﬁts" each year. This money

15 plowed back into corporate expansion and

maintaining the ETS estate. which includes a

o

‘-- Ms Jii ~ w t
:crl‘rﬂrfw‘i’ . L!” scaly'fi

 

 

 

I «evwcssgguﬁpe?
400 acre eadqiianers in Princeton. New
Jersey. a $250,000 home for the president.
William Turnbull. and a three million dollar
hotel/conference center -— all built wrth
student test fees. Its revenue from test fees
enabled ETS to double in size every ﬁve years
from 1948 to I972. arate of growth fasterthan
IBM. ,

ETS‘s sales and near monopoly p
combined with its privileged legal status as
non-profit coroporation. make it
unprecedented in corporate history. ETS is
exempt from federal and state income taxes. is
effectively beyond the reach of many anti-trust
laws. and has no stockholders. ETS‘escapes
the restraints governing other corporations
because it is an "educational" institution.

The power of ETS is massive. as even one
ETS executive conceded. “No matter what

OWCI'
fl

 

 

 

 

they try to tell you here about how we reallv
don't have much power." he said. “we know
we do. We know we‘re the nation's
gait-keeper." lliis gatekeeper can determine
it ho enters college. graduate and professional
schools. as well its many occupations and
professions. Is that power legitimttte'.I

lt'l'S defends its role its the gatekeeper by
claiming it has developed the “science of
mental measurement." but as our report will
argue. the tests measure nothing more than
how you answered a few multiple-choice
questions. The correlation between SAT
scores and ﬁrst-year grades in college. for
example. is often lower than the correlation
between the test scores and the income of the
test takers parents. At best. standardized tests
measure the speeialired skill oftest-taking. but
they do not measure key determinants of

. 2's  t. A,
success  wn and researcﬁkiii:
ability to make coherent arguments.
creativity. motivation. stamina. iudgrnent.
experience or ethics. I ‘ .

ETS not only inﬂuences how institutions
judge individuals. however; it also influences
how individuals judge themselves.  Nairn
says. “A false self-estimate or image is instilled
in the mind of the individual who receives a
standardiled test score. For although the
scores are signiﬁcantly determined by. social
class. he is told they are objective. screntiﬁe

' measures of the individual."

Moreover. test takers are subject to
numerous injustices. ranging from incorrect
scoring of tests. to late reporting of applicant
information. to secret evaluation of grades
and test scores ~ and they have no recourse.

We must begin to examine the examiners.

There is a growing movement to reform and
restructure the testingindustry. In New York.
Ohio. Texas. and other states. student-run
Public Interest Research Groups (PIRGs)
have introduced “Truth in Testing" legislation
in their state legislatures. This legislation
would force ETS and other testing companies
to disclose test questions and answers. and all
studies and data on the tests; it would also

require companies to keep information on
applicants conﬁdential. Disclosing test
answers would enable students to contest
disputed answers. and thus eliminate much of
the mystery surrounding the tests. ETS has
said it is willing to release 99% of its test data.
Iiut. Nairn says. the bulk of this 99% is the
material provided by the test-takers
themselves name. social security number.
etc. Nairn says it is crucial to disclose that last
o nc percent. as it includes E'I’S‘s
extrapolations from the information provided
by test-\rrkers such its predictions of future
rrcndcrnic success.

The testing reform movement has “the;
lacets. Jesse Jackson is organi/ing around the
issue of the Ii l S National 'l'eitcltei
laxamintrtrons wicli has systemically
eliminated qualiﬁed black applicants frotn
teaeliingjobs. the H (' has apparently found.
contrary to E'l'fi claims, that certain kinds of
prep or cram courses can raise test scores .
but the report has been withheld at this time.
{\nd several members of Congress have called
for an investigation of the testing industry.

Students now have opportunities to
challenge the test makers.

Individuals interested in this issue. or in
Spunwrlrﬁ Tmlh in 'l'CSllng legislation. can
contact lzd Hartley at our office at PO. Box
l93l2. Washington. l).C. 20036

Answeran
The Call.

To The Editor:

This letter is in reference to the letter
appearing in last Friday's ASP entitled
“Fighting Fire (Drills)“. The logic involved in
having a ﬁre drill later than eleven o‘clock is
very simple: Most ﬁres occur in the early hours
of the morning. I believe at least one drill per
semester should be scheduled between one and
two o‘clock in the morning. when most
dormitory students are asleep. If these drills
are effective. in that they run smoothly. then
we can at least be more at ease in knowing that
in the case ofa real ﬁre we are more prepared.
As for the weather factor. a ﬁre can occur at
any time. in any weather condition. To quote
an old adage. “It’s better to be safe than
sorry“!

Tony Malone

Snack Bar Blues

To The Editor:
The quality of food service in the Sn:er Bur
ofthe Campus Center has decreased markedly
during the experimental program that rrtlnwg
meal card holders to use their cards them
between 4 and it p.rn. Even thouin the Food
Service has increased staffing in the Snack 1);"
during the experiment.there are longlines rind
short tempers evident. at least between the
hours tlf4tlnd (i when l have to eattliere, Prior
to the experiment the lines used to occurnt the
cash register as people front three different
loud service points tried to cash out Ill a single
cash register. Now the lines are at the loud
service points and much more time
consuming Yesterday at 5:540 their: was It llllL‘
til 20 people it'rtitingtogcl iritothe Snack llirr.

ltrtitletstttntl lrotit an article in the l-ebriiitr y
ii issue of HIV Slur/mu tom'- thnt the purpose
ol the experiment is to provide it conteiuerice
to local Cllrtl holders who llil\L‘ early morning
or evening classes and don‘t hate lllllL' togct to
the dorm cttletcritis. l'lte :titiclc mentions that
the experiment has the additional benefit of
allowing on-carnpus students to“mingle" with
the traditional users ol the Snack liar at this
time. the off-errmpus students.

lam all in favor ol allowingthe use of meal
cards in the Campus Center, The above
mentioned article says that the response has
been “tremendous” and that a survey will be
conducted on the quads to evaluate the
program.

My concern is that the Snack liar is not

 

 

 

 

 

1H IDTELLIGENI
Alt)? GET
manner .

W or root
r trigger To
Aer So 1 L055.

 

 

 

' OOVUHBTO
inky) e

PUMBMESS I":
PWDER

ll" lllw Mrlﬁmll (vimle 1‘1N

 

 

 

 

 

Fred a now ................................ ..-
Help The Stonan 

See page So
. Bruce,

Billy”
& Joeli‘sori
See page 30

3%” "W . W” “W” “W "W W WW an, oar/x aw ow W xiii/,5" 'itiiil/ Will/ My
 @O©©@©@O@@®©@o @otooroaoocyorsocm-m v

‘ spectd

@mrmr@o«@oi.@o@o@o@r- :2. «I @Q@ a?
Wit on an «an my on with ' 4n  we“

é a“
mimetic

M"; We W

@O

so
30

David Johonson

ﬁt The Hullobolloo
See page 70

This centerfold
is rated I

~"‘§it‘i#-.Jhﬁtii‘-‘tcti~»~n¢~

 

