  
 
  
 
 
 
      
       
    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

.3.
r
l rsrt'irtir'tt Inuit I‘ll”)
: Dad drOVe me to college. He was in a good mood. His new job as an insuranCe
l '- ) V _~.-alesrnan began paying off and he was almost out of debt, in fact for the Bicentennial
3 ‘v j ‘ we had hlpfcn‘c I" the park Just the three of us. and we had a great "ma.

A ' . He continued describing a hierarchy of Rock and Roll. Led Zeppelin were the War

i

at night and the tall buildings with shining lights tlrrusted into the starry sky. My room
‘ was small and cramped. i couldn't see how I could possibly live there. My roommate
‘ wasn't there but his stuff was. Everything was still in boxes except his stereo, speakers.
and records all set up. at least five hundred of them. across the closet wall. At home I
had maybe twenty-five albums.

Knights."

our Rock and Roll Fairy Tale and sketching a quick scenario, with a screen play to be
devised later. it was almost dawn. He asked me my name.

The college was a massive place: a giant space station it seemed to me. We arrlved

After we unpacked my junk Dad and i went to dinner.
“You can always come home if you don't like it." he said over our menus.
"_l'll be alright. don't worry." i said. The waitress came to take our order. She gave

bout getting my financial aids and what I thought of it all so far.

"it looks good. Dad." 1 said. “Hi he alright. don't worry."

Watching Dad get in the car and seeing the back lights go on. and the cars start to
roll away down the long narrow road that led eventually to the highway l wanted to
'in after him and cry. "Please take me home. I want to go home, i never want to leave
’iU and Mom. Oh. God. please don't leave me here." But the car was soon tWo
receding red lights. He was long gone and l stood there at the edge of the school anA
mg to the darkness. it seemed i spent most of my life waving goodbye to people.
All around me there was people carrying plants and televisions. Two girls were‘
floating frisbees. At least five different stereos were blaring. l thought. college life. just
like I pictured it. l went to my cell and slept. dreaming of Cherie Sunstein between it-
regular and sudden eruptions of intruding laughter. screams. and shouted obscenities.
gometime in the middle of the night i rose out of the deep. blissful. unconsciousness
to a hypnotic and mystical tune. Sitting on the bed across from me was a kid who i
assumed to be my roommate. He was just sitting there staring at me. nodding his head
to the magical music.

“Shhhh” he pressed his finger to his lips and closed his eyes. Another tune started
on top of the fading repeat choruses of the first. "Stevie Wonder." he said.
“Inneruisr'ons.” We sat on our beds quietly. He only moved once to flip the record
over. Finally the last notes of “He's Mista Knowlt-All" dwindled in the roorn and he
put the record away, but left the stereo on.

“i met a girl today." he said while picking another album. “who must be the most
beautiful living creature ever to blossom out of this earth." His eyes had a far away
look to them, He didn't talk to me, he just talked. Stevie Wonder was the prophet
messiah. he told me. Pink Floyd were the High Lords. and Yes were the High Priests.

Council. Elton John was the King of Rock. and the Queen. of course. was David
Bowie. I laughed at this lunacy but quickly found rnysulf thinking of more.

"John Lennon is the Court Jester." i said. /—

“And Dylan."

"Earth. Wind. and Fire are the White Knights and The Stones are the Black

"Right, right." he said. And by the time we finished listing this Drainatis Personae in

"Anti rnine's Jesse Alderman. Business Major. Let's get a beer." he slapped his leg
ind stuck out his hand. i shook it. “But first let's get some sleep." continued on 1077

 

 

 

 

 

 

Are a nasty look. a look-at-the-collegebrat look. But I ignored her. We ate and talked '

 

 

 

 

I.“ .. “nu-c. .1.

 

 

 

by Jlm Dluon
I may well be the only person who thinks so.
but the seventies were the most irrrlairly
maligned period of tilm»malting ever Some
of the best films ever made were made iii the
last ten years. and. believe it Ut' not. a good
many of them were made in l'lrrllywood.
Some of them were monster hits. some of
them have been barely heard of. I'm going to
try to remind you of a few of them. and take a
general look at Hollywood. l‘ltr‘) 107‘)
l'lollywood was on the skids. dilftcult as that
may be to picture now. MGM was selling its
legendary sets. Originality was a dying .rit
They actually made Slur/t tu Alum Then. an
odd thing happened. Irwin Allen. the man
who inflicted television (which deserved to lie
inflicted anyway). with such gems as \rlriL'ititt’
To The Bottom 0] The Sr'ri. the [hue I'urr
net. and most unforgivahly of all. first in
Spore. created a movie. It was called I'Irr'
Poseidon Adventure and was about this ship
that gets hit with a tidal wave on New Year's
Eve. flips upside down and an all star cast
spends the night iurrrrrng and swimming
around upside down sets The script was
awful. and the special effects had the bathtub
gin ltittli l ll-tlt.'tl it. Naturally. it was .ur L'ilttl
mun» lltl

People found theinsvlvi-s In the tiltltrtl for
more gaudy escapism. .iiid m llniveisal. who
had previously made Arrpr rit. and thus pr'itned
the pump for The t’usrvrtirm Adventure. did

.t.- .r «mun-l The thing;

ttu- l-rulcal tiring amt n...
ni‘ltpl r|lli>l|l .ni I'rltlll

was. they had this Iitlrri
quake tltrrt ltriiu lis ln-r /\llll\'ll'\ in] II\ as» and
they thought they'd him the twrr hack to ltilt k
All they iii-ruled was a big star to llltll\|' the
"all star" (you have to put "all star" in tlllltlrl
tinii marks because titti‘il ol them are either
television at tors who don't t‘tlllill (Ii rwt'i liltv
has beans) cast look all star Universal had

always gotten along well with Charlton

Heston, who in addition to being an Academy
Award winner. one of the most prestigious ac
tors in Hollywood and available. was also
commercially successful llestou liatr-d both
scripts. They did sortie rewrites and dangled a
big check. Heston did Iftrrthqrruke. and was
on location for Airport 197.") less than twenty-
four hours after his last take on the former
The critics hated both. the public lined up
for both. To compound matters. lrwrn tame
back with The ‘l‘otucring lirterrro. Wlt'l l; was
also a really huge hit. and all of a sudden the
public was going to the movies, at llitt'l' frin a
shot.
The Godfather Monies: Saga of an Attit‘m'ittl
Furnin
Then there was this other phenomenon /\
gangster movie knocked out the allrtinre box
office champ. The Sound Of Music. The God
lather. based on a super-selling novel.
featured a largely unknown cast and Marlon
Brando. considered during most of the sixties
to be “box office poison." It was directed by a
director best known for "ai‘tsy-faitsy” films,
The producer was Robert Evans. one of
those men who just knows what he's doing.
Not even half way through production he got
complaints that “the Coppola kid" didn't know
what he was doing 7 the editors said they
couldn't cut what he'd shot ~» the whole thing
was a mess and they demanded the director
be fired. Evans watched the rushes himself.
decided they were fine. in fact better than ex-
pected. lle fired the assistant tlllt't'ltlt' and
editor.
The film was incredibly violent. featured a
and was unusually

good sprinkling of sex,
everyone in it was

long. it was a giant hit,
nominated for something at the Oscars. and

some of them Won.
The sequel Came as a surprise to a lot of
continued on um! page,

 

 

 

'lngmtir Bergman has all the natural tools 'of the enter-'7 '
tainer. He's got a woman on the screen — and she's not do-
ing anything but her face is great and he's on it for a long
time. The mere length of time that he's on it becomes in-
teresting. Then you're in a room andthe clock is ticking
and the souml is melliﬂuous or engaging in some way. He
never loses sight of the fact that there’s an audience out
there and he can't here you."‘- Woody Alley

 

    
 
 

 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
    
     
    
    
   
    
   
 
    
 
    
    
   
     
   
    
    
    
    
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
    
   
    
   
    
   
    
   
 
   

t 5
iii"

 

   

 

