(Hostage Trial Date May Bede

--rs-'..‘r»-

“W‘l'ildCAP'sfules >

.. r 4'. .,..,.,.__,

 

 

 

 

‘ TEHRAN, Iran (AP) —— Foreign Minister Sadegh
Ohotbzadeh said Friday a trial date will be set shortly for
some of the 50 Amerieatt hostages at the U.S. Embassy and
that he hoped those not suspected of spying will be released
"as soon as possible."

He gave no indication how many of the hostages might
 for trial. There have been persistent. but uncorr-
ﬁmlétl:_ reports that about eight hostages have been under
intensive interrogation during the past two weeks.

Asked-if he thought the hostages would be sentenced to
death. Ohotbzadeh said: “I hope we don't reach that ex-
tent. But on the face of the earth anything Is possi-
Lble." The foreign minister gave no speciﬁc date for the

planned release. or say how many hostages might be freed.
But he said there were two types of hostages —— those who
did not “work in espionage and those who-are guilty of es-
plonage.”

Of the latter group, he said. “I don't think those people
are going to beneﬁt from diplomatic immunity." ‘ »

The minister also said arrangements were being made for
all the hostages to be visited. Some of the hostages have not
been seen by neutral observers since the day the entbassy
Was seized Nov. 4.

“The principle has been decided for visits to occur.”
Ghotbzadelt told a news conference.

He said Iran wants to show the world that allegations the
hostages were being mistreated by their captors were un-
true.

His statement was the first official indication that Iran
was prepared to release some rtrore of the captives who in-
clude. among otiters, Murine guards and a teacher and a
businessman who were not on the embassy staff.

Thirteen American and seven non-American hostages
were released last month.

The Moslent militants holding the captives have vowed to
keep them until President Carter cxlradilcs Sluth Moham-
mad Reza Pahlztvi to Igan to stand trial as a war criminal.
Khomeini's forces ousted the Shah's government in
February. The toppled monarch is now convalescing at a
U.S. Air Force base in Texas following cancer and gallblad-
der surgery in New York. The Carter administration has

 

 

efused to extraditc him.

Holiday ForKing Gets Setback

WASHINGTON (AP) The House dealt another setback
Wednesday to the proposed national holiday to honor slain
civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr.. voting to ..takc
the observance day the third Sunday in-Jarrutry and caus-
ing sponsors of the bill to pull it off the floor. the 207-I9l
vote to establish the Sunday holiday stunned supporters of
the original King holiday bill. which sought a holiday on
King's birthday. Jan. IS. or on the third Monday in
January. Before a ﬁnal vote could be taken. the bill’s spon-
sors pulled the measure off the floor in a move designed to
give them a chanca to regroup their forces for an attempt to
reverse the Sunday holiday vote. Rep. Robert Garcia.
D-N.Y., floor manager of the bill. said he could not say
when another vote might be sought, but termed the Sunday
holiday unacceptable. Backers of tile Sunday holiday said it
would save government and business hundreds of millions
of dollars in pay for a day off. Supporters of the King bill
complained that creating a Sunday holiday would amount
to a second-class commemoration of the birthday of the
Nobel Peace Prize winner who was assassinated itr I968.
The vote to set the holiday on a Sunday reversed art earlier
29l-106 vote that would have established a King holiday on

t.:..~..-......~..

.» .s. '» .~ ‘rrartte.’ ~~v.. nrw .m- n

feeling. that's the feeling of all the hostages,” the speaker
said. Rhind said. “The U.S. Embassy In London confirmed
that a marine of that name is among the hostages."
Galegos' rank and liftinetownwere not known.

Carter To Screw"0n Iran

WASHINGTON (AP) President Carter told a group of
congressmen Wednesday night that he will “turn the screws
a little tighter” on Iran every few days, participants said.
The president outlined a series of economic and diplomatic
steps which he is prepared to initiate in coming days if the
50 American hostages in Tehran are not released. the con-
gressmen said. Among the options open to him is a com-
plete cutoff of U.S. food shipments to Iran, Carter told the
group of about I00 House members at a dinner session at
the White House. Caner said that for all practical purposes
food shipments have already been halted because of the
freezing of Iranian assets in the United States. The press
was barred from the meeting, but Carter was quoted by
participants as saying that economic pressures already are
beginning to build up on Iran. One congressman quoted
Carter as saying that the arrival of U.S. warships in the
waters off Iran had caused Lloyd's of London and other in-
surers to declare the area a war zone. effectively boosting

 

 

f
Anound CAMPUS

 

Dutch Trespasser Arrested

Chargcd with trespassing irt tr Dutch Quad dorm. a 23
thII‘ old male was arrested by University Police Wednesday \
nigltl.

According to Department of Public Safety Assistant
Director John Henighan, Augustine K. Martins was ur-
rcstcd uflcr scvcral Stuyvesant Tower residents complained
Ire was entering rooms and asking for marijuana.

Augustine, a tron-student who lives off-campus. was
issued an appearance ticket for court. He will appear on
December ll.

ASU Appeals To Carey

In response to thc recetrt "hiring freeze". the Albany
Student Union (ASU) will conduct a letter writing cum-
paigtt front Dcccntbcr I0-I4 to appeal to Governor Hugh
Carey.

The New York State Division of the Budget (DOB)
rcccrttly mandated an II percent SUNY-wide cutback in
staffand faculty. The “Itiring freeze" means "all vacancies
crcmcd irt faculty, student services, staff. maintenance. and
secretarial staff at SUNY through retirement. dismissal,
and sabbatical must remain unfulfilled."

Parking Fines To Skyrocket!

Better be careful when parking your cars, because paying
for your mistakes will be a bit rrtore expensive.

Starting next semester parking fines will be doubled. The
five dollttr firtc for parking on n roadwtty will be increased
to $I0. The towirtg fee will increase from $10 to $25 and the
tltrce dollar firrc for parking in an unauthorized area will in-
crcttse to five dollars.

The incrcztscs were approved by the University Council

 

the third Monday in January. The Senate Judiciary Corn-
mittee has approved a bill that would make King's birth
date a legal holiday. The measure is awaiting Senate floor
action.

Tape May Have Hostage Voice

LONDON (AP) A British television company released a
tape recording Wednesday on which a voice clainting to be
that of a U.S. Marine held at the American Embassy irr
Tehran says all 50 hostages want President Carter to send
the deposed shah back to Iran. Thames Television

spokesman Mich Rhind said the recording was made inside
the embassy Monday by a woman guard. A speaker on the
tape identifies himself as Marine William Galegos. Asked if
there was any way the U.S. government can solve the crisis.
the voice replied: “I think the only way is if they do return
the shah. I think lte'll get a fair trial and ifhe is guilty. he is
guilty. If he is innocent. he is innocent. “Nothing has been
done for our release and it's been over a month now...l
think the shah should be returned and that is not only my

DATElINE:

Decemben tiz I979 '

Cast semester.

insurance rates 400 percent for ocean shipping in and out of
the country. “It means an awful lot of people aren't going
to ship into Iran." said the congressman. who asked not to
be identified. Some of the House ntembers came away say-
ittg Carter had givcrt them reason to hope for progress
toward winning release of tire captives. but others said
Carter promised no early crtd to the affair. “It looks to me
like a long. long scigc." said one participant. “He certainly
gave no reason for hope, nor did he give any reason to give
up."

New Gov’t Agencies F armed

WASHINGTON (AP) Shirley M. I‘iufstcdlcr became the
nation's first secretary of education Thursday. triggering II
chain of events which will erul with a l3th cabinet-level
agency coming into existence in the next six months. Chief
Justice Warren Burger administered the oath of office to
the fortttcr 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals judge at n
IO-minute ceremony in the [East Room of the White l-Iousc.
President Carter praised Mrs. I-iufstedler. saying her wide
range of interests and hrcudtlt of experience made her fit
for the job. “Site believes in excellence utrd she believes iii
the value of individual human beings." he told several hun-
dred guests, both friends and sonic foes of the department.

.- c-rusm you. . ..

1

 

J

Mrs. Hufstedler called on the old opponents of the depart-
ment to form a coalition with its boosters to assure quality
education. “Let this not simply be a country with freedom
and justice." she said. “Let this be a country with freedom
and justice and quality education for all." The department
is being formed from the dozens of educational programs
which had been housed in, the Department of Health.
Education and Welfare along programs from other depart-
ments and agencies. The new department will be larger than
five existing cabinet agencies — Energy, Interior, Com-
merce. Justice and State. The Education Department will
have a budget of $14.2 billion and more than H.000
employees when it ﬁnally is established. HEW will become
the Department of Health and Human Services when the
education transition is completed. A

Shah Rejects Four Asylum Bids

SAN ANTONIO, Texas (AP) The deposed Shah of Iran
will not seek asylum in four of the countries most often
mentioned as possible sanctuaries. a spokesman for the
former ruler said Wednesday. The shah does not want to go
to Egypt because he might inﬂame the Mideast situation,
said Robert Armao. who also ruled out Panama, the
Bahamas and South Africa as sanctuaries. Armao said the
shah, accused by the present Iranian government of crimes
against his former subjects, would not anSWer his accusers
while efforts were being made to win release of U.S.
ltostagcs in Iran. “The shah continues to pray for the safe
return of the American hostages and for his country. For
him to say more at this time‘ would be insensitive and in-
flamatory." said Armao. Iranian militants, who took over
the U.S. Embassy in Tehran on Nov. 4. are threatening to
try the 50 hostages unless the shah is returned to Iran for
trial. They claim he is responsible for the deaths of tens of
thousands of Iranians and for looting billions of dollars.
The U.S. governnrent has refused to give in to the militants”
demands artd is attempting to locate a pcrrnttucnt home for
the shah. “The shah eventually, when this crisis ends and
the hostages are safe and sound. will be speaking out on the
situation." Armao said. “It has been very difficult for him
to remain silent with the accusations being hurled at him.”

The shah, 60. was transferred to Ltrckland Air Force Base

here early Sunday to recuperate front cancer treatment and

gallbladder surgery in New York. Arman sttid he has no

idea how long the shah will stay ltere.

Stable Gas Use Proposed

WASHINGTON (AP) Energy Secretary Charles W. Dun-
can said Thursday the nation must use no more gasoline in
1980 than it did in I979, and proposed voluntary state gas-
saving limits for the first quarter of next year. Although
there is a hold-the-line limit for all 1980, the states will find
their initial ceilings amount to an average 7 percent cutback
from the high gasoline consumption of the first three mon-
tlts of 1979. The state quotas will be adjusted quarterly to
achieve the full-year target of about 7 million barrels of
gasoline daily. A barrel contains 42 gallons of gasoline.
"These targets are voluntary now." Duncan told a news
conference, "btrt they could become mandatory under the
new Emergency Energy Conservation Act if the president
determincs that a severe supply shortage exists or is immi-
nent. “We want to avoid gasoline lines if at all possible,"
Ire said. Duncan said petroleum supplies nppcar adequate
rtow. but warned that “there is a real possibility that we will
have problems in I980." Duncan also announced that the
department would publish on Friday for public cornrncrtt a
standby gasoline rationing plan which could be imposed in
the cvertt supplies fall short by at least 20 percent for more
than 30 days. He said the plan would involve issuing
gasoline rutiorting coupons based on vehicle registrations
and allowing extra rations for high-priority needs, such as
public services and farming. Duncan provided no further
details. but administration officials have favored allowing
the public to btry and sell ration coupons legally. in so-
called “white market" trading.

Russia To Oust Berlin Troops

WII’I‘ENBERG, East Germany (AP) The Soviet Union
began its planned withdrawal of 20,000 troops and 1,000
tanks from East Germany on Wednesday, btrt the trrovc trp—
parcntly did little to shake NATO ofl'icinls’ determination
to deploy 572 medium-range nuclear weapons in Western
Europe. Ministers from tltc NATO countries meet next

' week at North Atlantic Trczuy Organization headquarters.

irt Brussclf. Belgium, to vote on dcployntcnl of the missiles
Ctlplllllc of hitting Soviet targets. About 1.000 Bust (lermtur
schoolchildren Illlti adults who jrtrnmcd into :1 rtiilrond stu-
tiotr sqtutrc wrtvcd rcd curttutions during it carefully surged,
65-minute departure ccrenrorty for 100 Soviet tank troops
and 20 tanks belrtg sent ltorrrc. Bust Germttn officials said
the troops and tanks were from the 6th Guards 'i‘truk Divi-
sion headquartered here. U.S. officials itt Washington
claim the division is among the weakest turd most poorly
U‘Illlnpcd of Soviet forces in Europe. Twenty Soviet divl-
sions totaling nearly 400,000 nrcrt are believed stationed in
East Germany. The Urtitcd States has about 200,000 troops
in West Germany.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Activists Plan F Or F Changes

by Douglas Kohn

Having altered Follett policy
about 40 students, interested to fur-
ther changing University policies,
gathered Tuesday night for an
Albany Student Union (ASU)
meeting to discuss UAS food, cam-
pus security and the campus Infir-
mary.

After discussing various campus

 

issues, the students formed commit-
tes and advocated "teach ins" to in-
form students about UAS. CUE
and other issues concerning

students. This is part of a program
"to get students involved in running
SUNYA," according to ASU Chair
Jeremy Carlson. :

Major complaints were directed
against UAS food. with people

Forty Students Met With the Student Union Tuesday.
UAS Food, Security, Inﬁrmary, CUE, were all fuck/ed.

University To Aid Anti-Grouper Fight

arguing that "students aren't active
enough.” Student Union,members
said quad food cortihtittée meetings
weren't advertised or held at conve-
nient times. One of the main goals
of ASU will be "to get them to have
meetings when students can attend
tltem —- either after dinner or
weekends.

One student said. “Some people

1r.» r~ [-

  

lelo:l’l’ill Yunnan

 

Kennedy: “First Show Of High Level Support”

by James Dutcher

SUNYA’s ()ff Ctunpus Associa-
tiott (OCA) and Albany's PineHills
Association (Pl INA) recently guin-
cd support from University officials
in their light to turtcud the city
“tutti-grouper” low.

The law. which prohibits more
than three unrclntcd people from
sharing housing, wtts pnsscd as at
result of contrrurttity complaints

cortccrrtirrg the expanding "student
ghetto.“ The ltrw has been in effect
since I974.

 

"The proposals lltll't‘ merit" ‘ V
Photo: KIIlfI/t'rlff

A decision to clunrgc the law WII'
rcncltctl during It rnccling 'I‘ucsdny
tunong Univcrsity officials. students
IIIlti ncrglrltorhootl officials, ttccor-
ditrg to “(A (‘oordintuor John
Kennedy.

“()(‘A lttrs drnl'tcd it set of pro-
posttls which are rrcccpltrblc to both
sides turd finnl tlclttils ttre presently
being workcd out." Kennedy suid.

Kennedy cxplttincd [but the pro-
posuls would grtttu ‘tpUCitll licenses
to landlords of ltugc upttrtmcnls,

allowing them to determine the
number of occupants by the
number of bedromtts ur tltc untount
of square feet itt the apartment.

A counter-proposal wns offered
by the Council of Albany
neighborhoods President Hamid
Rubin. He suggested “Special Liv-
irtg Pcrtrtits" l'or landlords. which
would allow them to csltrblislt tr
"Communal Living Unit." Pcrrnis-
siou from neighbors would be
necessary.

()CA rejected this proposal lIS Ite—
irtg inrpructictrl, according to Ken-
ncdy, "bccttnse neighbors could ob-
ject to thc pertttit on ttny grounds."

()CA's ntttin goni is to abolish the
null-grouper lttw. Kennedy said.
“btrl we are willing to ttcccpl
anything that will positively affect
llrc amount of student housing.

Kennedy said 'I'ucsdrry's meeting
was the “first show of at high level
of University strppttrl" turd he feels
this is “prorttising.”

Thc meeting wns amended by
Vice President of Studertt Affairs
l.cwis Welch ttnd Dcttn of Studcru
Affairs Neil Brown. While official
Universin bucking L'lIIIIlOl be given
ttrttil the firrttl proposals ttrc decid-
ed. Brown sttitl. "We are strongly
supportive of the direction ()(‘A is
going. Personally. I feel the pro-
postrls have merit.“

()CA plnnncd to bring lilL'ir pro-
posnls before Albttny‘s Common
(‘otrncil by November, according to
Kennedy. “llul now we’re taking
ottr tirrtc IIllti working withlrr the
conununity councils irt order to
avoid opposition to their firttrl pro-
postrls III the neighborhood level."

“’i‘hc lnw crunc about us a result

 

of community pressure." said Ken-
rtcdy. “mtd we have to go through
the corttrnunily process to amend
it."

Kennedy hopes to bc rctrdy to
present the amendment to the city
irr February. “If the neighborhoods
support us I can see no rcnson why
tltc city should object." ltc strid.

. H, .

 

working on the committees don't
work hard enough and fail to make
others aware of the meetings." A
number of students also voiced
complaints about the quality of
food and the cafeterias running out
of food before dinner is over.

In addition. members debated
whether campus security police
sltould be allowed to carry guns. At
present they are only allowed to
carry them at night and have them
available in the security building.

Most students were in. favor of
not having them wenr guns at all.
“Tire only people who will be shot
are students," one said. "just think
of the damage one stray bullet
could do on the podium dtrring the
day with thousands of people
around at any given time."

Students chttrgcd that a rtttrttbcr
of officers on the force Ittrd ques-
tionable backgrounds illld perfor-
tttnttcc records Illld were hesitant
ttbout putting fircttrms in their
lutnds.

One student trllcgcd tlrtrt (I cum-
pus policcntuu wars tiistllissctl front
the SUNY nt Stony Brook security
force for wcttriug tr Nil/l SWIISIlklI
on his unifornt.

“I dotr'l think I'd be too :truious
to identify tnysclf urth It ttnruc like

Goldman to a Nazi officer?" said
Student Union member; Jim
Goldman. The participant? were in
favor of forming ‘a student commit-
tee to screen potential officers and
check the records of those presently
serving.‘ f : "

One female student spoke in
favor of armed ofﬁcers citing the
numerous on campus attacksxof
women. “I would feel a lot safer If
a guy with a gun came when I called

    

Only the bcglnn

g
lelo:.‘u .nkamp
for ltelp." she said.

Students also voiced disstttisfac~
Iiort with the Albany police. poin-
ting ottt incidents of student har-

rttssment by Albany Policemen.
“Most comprises have tension bet-
ween cops and the students ltut the
problem ltcrc is tltnt cops just don’t
know ltow to dL‘IIi with the

continued on page six

N YState Supreme Court Case

To Save Pine Bush Dismissed
Oliver Plans Appeal Of Ruling

by Aron Smith

Stttlc Strprcntc (‘ourt .lustcc Ed-
WIII’ti S. Conwtry lttul dismissed two
suits contesting n proposed housing
development irt Alhnny's Piuc
Hush. Iiotlr suits were brought
trgninst the City of Albany l'lrmnlrrg
litutrd by Sttvc tltc Pine Hush, till
environmentalist group (iL'illLtliL‘d
to the pr'cscrvtlliott of tire ccologictrl
bttluncc of one of tire few tu'czts of
tire (‘npitttl District rcnutining irt tr
relatively pristine sltrlc.

[inch of tire ttclions succumbed to
legal tccluricnlitics. In ortc case,
Conway held Iltttt papers were inr-
properly served on Planning Board
Chair Raymond F. Joyce. Accor-
ding to Save the Pine lluslt attorney
Lewis B. ()livcr. .loycc was on tht."

g... .

    

   
   

Plroto.'Marc flu/ch

Off-Campus Association President John Kennedy

tion as the group prepared to serve
the papers. When brought to
Joyce's residence, said Oliver. the
papers were-accepted by his 18 year
old son. Oliver claims that copies of
the papers were then mulled, to
Joyce. rurlvlnu at It]: resldcncc the

following day.

According to ()liver. anyone
sharing Joyce's residence could
lurvc lcgttlly accepted the papers.
"IIowcvcr," Ire said, “because the
person was being sued rtol as an in-
dividual. btrt as a city official, Con—
wzry decided that that did not ltold
irt this situation."

Thirty Days From When?

The otltcr suit was dismissed on it
violation of the statute of limita—
lions. Conway ruled that Save the
Pine Bush did not file suit against
tltc Planning Board within a thirty
dtry period, allowed by low. follow-
ing tltc Board's approval of the
Pine Circle developtucttt project.
Aceording to ()livcr. such ap-
provttlnever legally nutteriolizcd.

Oliver felt that the Planning
Bottrd had made a decision to up-
prove Pine Circle at its April 3
meeting. Accordittg to ()livcr. cor-
respondence then began between
the two group.» in an attempt to
determine the precise nature of the
Board's actions. He claims to have
received tr letter front the Board
April 25, stating that “the Pine Cir-
clc proposal the pines circle pro-
posul has not yet had final ap-
proval," The Planning Board ut-
tributcd thc holdup of the proposal
to incomplete environmental
evaluations, said Oliver.

Despite the alleged cor-
respondence, ()liver claims that
Planning Board attorneys presented
the court with April 3 us tltc dttte of
finrtl approval of the construction
project.

Oliver also claims that Albany's
City Corporation Council. legal
representatives for the Planning
Bonrd. were itr vlolutiorr of Sectiort
38 of New York state General

 

Ilt' honor Io present an auteur/nient by February

 

DECEMBER 7, I979“ ,. . . . 

. . Mali/ENE .SIPPENT. .lfliliﬁs...  .. - - -

“ ' ‘, ' Law. The charge stems
continued on page ﬁve
PAGE THREE

 

v . swam“

 

