 

.~ 3—,.- ..r......‘a)_.’ dug,

  

unabate- . . r.

 

wwrrnsmsu A a

The tormented Mr. Spock amok on hit native planet Vulcan. Still seeking to
Pllﬂfv himself. he attempts to exorcise hlo human hull.

Lusty Life

Pop Goes
The Idiot:

The show was all lggy. Anyone else In the
band could've been replaced and It would've
gone virtually unnoticed. the same way it
would go unnoticed If anyone but Ian Ander-
son were replaced in Tull. Deborah Harry In
Blondie. Rtindgren in Utopia. or Jeff Lynn In
ELO. Not to say that the band was bad, On
the contrary. they played loud. simplistic.
power-chord rock. and they played it well. It's
just that any studio guitarist could've amply
supplied the right texture to fill the background
of l 's canvas.

Cliff Sloan

Iggy Pop's gyratlon. however. is it-
replaceable. Reminiscent of a Ziggy Reed. Ig-
gy is one of the true masters of stage rock
gyration. He struts‘like a peacock. flaunting a
thin. muscular physiquet It is sensually caged
violence. with a non-stop "makes ya wanna
dance" movement that had the J.B. Scott's
bouncers abandon their efforts to keep the en-
thused crowd seated. lggy has an air of self-
reallzed accomplishment and professionalism.
It's something In the way the rest of the band
takes the stage and waits for him to make a
stylishly late appearance. It's also something in
the way he tauntineg remains inches away
from the hungry outstretched arms of the au-
dience. But then again, it's something in your
own head that reminds you both of lggy's
1977 releases, The Idiot and Lust For Li/e.
were co-written and co-performed by David
Bowie, and that in itself commands respect.
So you wonder why lggy would call one of his
efforts "The Idiot". and introduce his songs by
saying "Here's another piece of shit I wrote."
Maybe that air of confidence Is just experience
—-r Iggy's been around since he played with the
Stooges In the late 605. He's got that cynical.
gutterisli. "I don't give a shit" attitude. and his
stage presence Is that of a pure rock 'n' roller
who doesn't know or care much about
anything else.

Saturday night's show was based on New
Values, lggy's latest release. The LP's title ofr
fers a much-warranted explanation of the hard

core rock 'ii' roll show which was quite a diver
siori from the two predecessors of New
Vii/tics. Lust For Life and The Idiot reflect fflt.‘
synthesized ,collaboration with Bowie. the likes

 

PAGE SIX

of which surfaced on Low and Heroes. In fact.
Iggy's two 1977 efforts are undeniably
Bowielzed In the Low tradition. sounding un-
cannily similar to Low and Heroes. But on
Saturday night. Iggy had New Values, and It
was the gyrator and guitar which took stage
center. not the synthesizer. The pace was
ecstatically vibrant. propelled by such numbers
as “I'm Bored". "Yer Dog". and The Kinks'
“You Really Got Me". “China Girl" was the
only piece of synthesized "Idiot" music that
made its way Into the show. Nevertheless.llg-
gy's return to power-chord rock was
delightfully successful and It seemed that craz-
ed emotional outlash was lggy's natural
habitat.

Iggy is captivating enough to obtain com-
mercial success. but his oft-times bent images
and sentiment like "visions of swastikas In my
head and plans for everyone" prevent popular
acceptance. lggy has a cult following and
although the thin tied. sunglassed crowd jerk-
ed up and down In traditional punk fashion.
Iggy Pop Is not to be associated with the rash
of "new wave" bands who thrive on loud
power-chord rock. He is a veteran of rock's
lust for weirdness and outrageous defiance. If
one had to categorize lggy (an Indescrlptive
practice employed for lack of vocabulary and
creativity). it would be alongside Lou Reed. as
a forefather of the street leather rock which
governs today's progressive sound. He has
made his mark and gained respect through
diverse endurance. You'll never hear Iggy Pop
on Top 40 radio and his records will never
reach platinum status. He's not polite. pretty.
or respectful and his albums won't sell you
upon first listen. lggy pop is rock ‘n' roll strip-v
pad to raw decadence. the kind that comes
without the aid of costumes. jewelry. and cost-
ly commercial hype. Rather. It simply stems
from the gyrator's attitude and stage perfor-
mance. His music comes from his soul. and
although anyone can project a style or image
on vinyl. a live show reveals the genuine
message within As a painter portrays his feelv
ings, Impressions. and attitude In his picture.
so does the rock perforriier when he delivers
his own brand of art. It is art impression which
will remain engraved in the thoughts and opi»
nlons of the audience Therefore. the artist will
present‘himself In the way he wishes to be

      

Trekkies, the acolytes of one of the twen-
tieth century's more offbeat religions, are a
hungry cult. Ever since Star Trek was cancell-
ed by NBC in 1969. they have ciamored for
more of their favorite entertainment. The syn-
dicated reruns of Star Trek did far better than
the show ever did In Its first run. and the fans
began to get organized. Letter writing cam-
paigns were only the beginning. Conventions
sprang up. Episodes of the series were
adapted Into short stories and sold In paper-
back anthologies. Original Star Trek novels
Were written. An unusually good animated
series was created. featuring the voices of the
original actors and the talents of a number of
the original writers. It was never enough,
though. The Trekkies wanted Star Trek to

Jim Dixon

as.

Friday night a line wrapped around the
Towne Theater in Latham. a scene being
played at over eight hundred theaters around
the country. as the fans got their wish. and
waited hours to see the opening of Star Trek
The Motion Picture.

Gene Roddenberry. the creator of Star
Trek. has spent years trying to bring the show
back. Paramount Studios finally put up 40
million dollars to put Star Trek on the big

Judged and remembered for. And when a
long tour Is drawing to a close. as was lggy's. a
superficial facade becomes harder and harder
to convincingly uphold.

Now rock performers are professionals. and
It is the job of a professional to keep up a cer-
tain quality of performance. When It comes to
an act as strenuous (both mentally and
physically) as a rock tour. however.
plasticated indifference cannot remain In-
cognito. This Is not to say that the performer
will completely abandon his professional
guise. Rather. It will result in a comparatively

Mortal Musings

     

The tormented Mr. Pop on his native soil. the stage. Iggy Pop lives on his bad“
Hes outrageous. he screams and he bowls. But he's no dumdum boy.

The Final

screen. Roddenberry and noted science fiction j
author Alan Dean Foster put together Ihe
story. The final script was written by veteran
screenplay writer Harold Livingston, and
Academy Award Winner Robert Wise directh
the film.

The premise Is that ten years after their
historical IIVe year mission to Seek out new life
and new civilizations. the crew of the U.s_s_
Enterprise are reunited to contact a very big
thing which. after easily knocking out three K1.
Ingon cruisers. Is cutting a swath through the
Federation straight towards Earth. The
characters. older and more experienced, am
effectively juxtaposed against the newcomers
in the cast. Despite fast pacing (the wlmtr;
story takes place In three days). we're give“
plenty of opportunities to see and feel the ten
slons of life on a starship under liigh-prcssuru
situations.

William Shatner returns as James T Kirk.
now an Admiral and Clilt’f of Starlleet Opom
Ilons. He Isn't the main love interest for tint-u,
which may surprise long-time fans of the I‘ V
series. That's provided by ITCWCUIIII'H
Stephen Collins. the Enterprise's new (3.”).
Iain. depossessed by Kirk. and former MN. I”.
dia. Persls Khambatta as Ilia. a beautiful (it
bald) alien navigator. Leonard Nitnoy it‘ptlsus
his role as the half-human, half-Vulcan Mr
Spock. Who else could? The rest of the 'l' V
cast, everyone. Isback.

  

 

sluggish and unemotional effort (Le. the Talk
Ing Heads at the Palace). But some people tust
have It In their blood. They can't help dancing
when the music starts and they move involtiir

 

tarily as the beat governs their reflexes and
emotional prowess, Iggy Pop is one of those
people and every strum of the silver string5
carries a vibrant current of unrestricted will
through his body. The test of a gyrator is the
transfer of that current to an audience IQW i9
one of the best at It, He squeezes enroll”n
from his audience and his energetic gyrritinii
attests to a genuine Lust For Lilo. .

God A5k59

A confirmed cynic. who also happened to
he a drama critic with a rather dry sense of
humor. once defined the experimental play as
"a production performed In the lobby during
intermission." What he was referring to is the

Arbn Smith

 

notion of staged drama as a product of the
human drama — life as a great play and the
play as a slice of life. Since the two can never
be divorced. the only true and honest play can
be one conducted on a strictly Impromptu
basis, drawing in prissersby. onlookers. the
telephone repair man over there In the corner

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

— In short. blending the "actors" and lIiL'
"audience" into an Incxtrlcable oneness in
which all the world Is Indeed a stage.

Such Is the direction in which we are
pointed by two student—directed experimental
plays 'performcd In the Performing A!”
Center's Lab Theatre last Wednesday and l"ri-
day- Although both are written by WUHIIV
Allen. God and Death present two distincth
different types of audienceactor relationships.

'each with Its own brand of humor.

God slaps the values of middle class
America (more specifically middle class New
Yfirkl mutate lit the face while facing the Ii'ridl
Iloual enigma of existtriitiallstn r the question
of l5'fllCl’ﬂ'ﬂ’Gt)(l‘iilld~lf-St)‘l‘tti\kl't'rlll‘l IH.‘

DECEMBER ll. l‘)7‘)

t.

‘t

 

 

 

The tone of the movie is very mttch the tone
of the TV. series. The characters are recap-

tured as they were. and it seems safe to say ‘

that Thomas Wolfe has been proven falltble.
The acting Is at least competent on all sides.
and Shatner Is especially effective as a living
legend who has become something of an
anachronism In his favorite environment. The
tensions between Kirk and the younger Capt.
Decker are interesting and believable. as Kirk
shows he Isn‘t always right in a number of
situations,

Technically. the movie is above average.
though there are some telltale signs of re»
editing. such as a confusing scene when: Kirk
and Decker look at Spock's console, to find he
isn't there. and yet a moment later. a close up
reveals Spock to be still on the bridge A5
Spock does leave the bridge mysteriously
siiiiit- iiittiiiL'iifS later. I sttspr’t‘i some of the so
qttrrnccs in the filIii may have br'vn reurrang~
t,'(l Don't Worry about this. Mmt vit‘u-ers I talk
ed to (ll(lll'l even catch it

Special effects fanatics should be pleased to
lL’tii‘il if)!" the twr» biggest men in the business.
Douglas Turnhull of Close Ifncouiitcrs and
John Dykstra of Star Wars both worked on
Slur Trek The Motion Picture. Real buffs may
be able to tell who worked on which se-
quences in the film — there are some dif-
ferences. Most of the special effects are

Mulleg Qvgr

, - Aspects on Tuesday
Frontier .

superb. some only fair. Few should be disap-
pointed.

The people who won't like
Motion Picture are those who only think
science fiction is good If it's an outer space
shoot 'em up. Sorry guys. Star Trek TMP Is a
quiet movie In many ways. without a single
phaser battle. It's a good script though. which
attacks the Intriguing question of just what Is a
life-form. anyways? It's Interesting and rather
cerebral. despite its G rating. as a few agv
gravated parents found out opening night.

A number of critics including .leff Lyons of
Channel I I in New York. and Kathleen Car-
roll of the Daily News have alivatly panned
the movie From their comments. I'm not con-
vint'etl they saw it. They certainly paid little at-
tention to If if they (lid, I strongly suspect a
good many of them may be suffering from
sour grapes. as no filit’ got to 500 the film iliilll
tt vll'fllrllly opened. and critics are not being
gin-ii ‘illk'lltll attention it's .i pity suiini- people
can't enjoy it film unless they set} If for fi‘l’i’.

.‘i'ttii Trek The Motion Picture is entertain-
ing. spectacular, courageously sciitimunttil at
times. and damn good science fiction. For the
'I'rukltit's. it's must seeing But it's not just for

them. Slur Trek The Motion Picture should
plr’aw almost anyone. and should move right
to the head of everyniie's movie list for the
Christmas season. 0

i

Star Trek The '

 

 

Left: The legendary Captain

 
 

f'op right: The Starohip Enterprise ten years after its
Kirk. now a Starﬂeet Ad

 

 

 

the Enterprise about to go on her most important mission.

Martin Makes It

He was billed as one of the funniest men
alive. and for the 1100 or so Martin Mull fans
that filled the Palace Theater last Thursday
night. he certainly was. The show was short.
but to the point. Mr. Mull was on stage for just

' a little over an hour, but In that time be suc-

cessfully dazzled his audience. Tickets were

.‘only $3.00 with a tax card, so Mr. Mull decid-

ed he should "keep the fun at a minimum."
This was the first time that this zany comedian
graced an Albany stage, but as he put It.
"playing the Palace Theater is my biggest thrill
in Show business."

Jordan Metzger

Martin Mllll set his stage as he would his liv»
ing room. complete with club chair. lamp. cof‘
fee table. and white piano. The bulk of the
show was a collection of songs which boasted
his many talents. His witty lyrics coupled with
simple. yet melodious tttnes kept the audience
laughing throughout. Some of the master-
pieces included “Don't Put Off Till Tomorrow
What You Can Do Today". “I Wanna Be
God". “Another Story From The South". “I'm
Flexible". "Do The Nothing". "It's All Right If
You Just Want To Go To Sleep Tonight". and
"I've Been An Asshole Over You."

When he wasn't entertaining us with his
musical talents. be was throwing out one-
Iiners and dealing with hecklers in the au~
diencc. In dealing with one such obstinate
member of the audience. Mull t‘etorted. “Oh.
you must be the son of two cousins. and you
know how messy that can be."

Upon introducing his sidekick Eddie, the

responsible for-my-actions? The play remains
symbolic in that It reaches across the entire
span of drama from extreme to extreme: while
sot Iii ancient Greece. the action comes as
perilously close to the still futuristic concept of
total flit’ﬂfft’ as is possible without scaring off
the audience

Orin of our .iurlieiicc».\ctriis turns out to be
Doris Irvine (played by liohlii Culit‘ii). a
liintrklyn (‘ollvrir' philosophy major who
always HtiIitt‘llliit'b oiirc iii .i whilerwull never
really has .in (Jitlri‘iill. Slit: is called to duty to
liL’Il) our lit"t'l rlri wvll (irt’itlt playwright find
an uniting for llt'l IiltlSlt'iplUt‘tJ and wtii a free
case tif (in/v I). A quick trip backstage and a
change of t'ltlllit". riiitl (fanfare, please) Illt‘

DECEMBER II. 1979

piano player. Mull apologized for the absence

, of his tap dancing entourage. who were killed

In an automobile accident on the way to the
concert In light of these circumstances. he in-
vited the audience to fill In for the dancers by
tapping coins on the arms of their chairs. With
this accompaniment. his song "I'm Flexible"
sounded like a Buzby Berkeley musical.

This desire to get the audience directly in-
volved In the show manifested Itself in another
one of his classic tunes. "Men" Is a song about
Columbus and his voyage to the New World.
Mitll had the male members of the audience

'repeating the word "men" and all others

vocalizing the whooshing sound of the waves
while he sang about those merry men of the
Nina. the Pinto and the Santa Maria.

The show "officially" ended no more than
iliirty minutes after it had begun. but Mull
assured us that he would be back for more. He
ultimately did four encores.

For his first encore, Mull took us to France,
He donned a beret and kerchief. spread a red
and white checkered tablecloth over his lap.
served a loaf of french bread, and introduced
a french poodle. He also decorated the
microphone and his guitar by hanging grapes
from them. Claiming be was bilingual. Mull
sang a Charles Boyer song with a; pseudo-
Freiich accent. We soon found out. though.
that he knew no French. for all he could do
was larla-Ia to the music.

The second encore consisted of a rumba
about an amputee. and a I’loagy Carmichael
song in honor of the chair iti which lie was
sealed. The third and fourth encourcs were
both "love songs". "It's All Right If You Just

ath Answers

.IAP is transfortiicd into "the Hebrew slave.‘

The play is great for roasting American
physical and social ills with a vengeance. We
have ancient Greeks named Diabetes.
Hepatitis, Trichinosisfand Bursitis; we have
the king bring the slave a roast beef sandwich.
well done ("you get a vegetable with that");
we liavv the Chorus tell us who to risk for at a
posh (sclilock?) Chinese restaurant (he'll seat
you, lint you have to tip him"). And ofcoursc.
(like all good ancient Greeks). when iroublu's
a-brcwiiig. let's not forget the Fates k Mr, and
Mrs. Fain. that Is. These are the all-Anit'iican
hyperactive two~wutelt vacation tourists; thLl
snapshootliig wife cotiiplete with red. white
and blue knee socks. and her portable-

Want To Go To Sleep Tonight" warned his
lover that It better not happen too often. while
"I've Been An A5 bole Over You" showed us
how blind love can really be.

As he and Eddie took their final hows. the '

audience thundered them with applause. and
gave them a standing ovation.

In taking a long drag on his cigarette. Mull
had commented. "It takes a man to face
cancer." As far as this critic I: concerned. It
takes a truly funny man like Martin Mull to face
a demanding SUNYA audience. and captivate
It the way he did. .

   

Martin Mull told jokes.

telephone bearing husband -- a direct line
from the Chorus. of chorus.

God is a little bit of Ir’irandello and alot of
fun. There is something for everyone: familiar
names (references to SUNYA. the PAC,
"someplace awful like Cohoes." DeKalb
Avenue. the EMT). and endless clowning
around. After all, today's subway tniiggers. we
are told, are just the same as those young
thugs from Sparta. Plus cu change...

Death is a play with which audiences can
feel much more at ease; the teacher Is not go‘
Ing to call on you, and the conventional gap
between actors and audience returns. Yet
Deulli maintains its claim to the title
"experimental" by Vli’fttt.’ of the asking of the
Big Questions. Through the dialogue Ctittit:
the questions. who are we? where are we?
why are we here? whore do we go next?

With the gitiimicks and the clowning of God
gone. Dr'oth depends Infinitely more on plot.
In fact, it is the plot that makes the play. The.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

chief metaphor Is "the plan" —~ the project into
which the hero. Kleinman (played by Matthew
Graffl is forced. Kleinnian is a character who.
like the chortrs in God. never likes to get In-
volved. especially "not at the height of the
season." But when be Is dragged away in the
middle of the night as an essential element in
"the plan" to catch the “homocidal killer" on
the loose. his defenses are gone as his imie
boxed-in World of home and work Is
destgroyed. He has no Idea'what the plan is.
or how he fits into it.

Kleinman characterizes himself as "the type
of guy who likes to know which way Is up.
which way is down. and which way is the
bathroom." He thrives on knowing that he is
Vlnyhls lgeduilr; )tligggselﬁ'n lyfvlzf'oﬁkflc‘ﬂlgf'itg’y
can opTr’i'polnl' his location In the scheme of
things. When this security blanket Is removed
he becomes a nervous wreck. unsure of
himself and of the world around him. Graff
does an excellent job with the part. pacing
around the stage, holding» his head. and
agonizing over his predicament in the lamen-
ting half-whine familiar to Woody Allen fans. '

Not diminishing the importance of the plot,
we begin to read between the lines as the play
opens on a sleeping Kleinman and a motley-i
looking crew of vagrants who descend from
the rear of the house chanting accusngly.
"Who are you? Who are you?" By the end
of the show. both Kleinman and the audience
realize that this question can never be
answered. that "nobody's sure of anything.
nobody knows anything" He realizes that he
can never know what comes next.

Kleintnan's next encounter is with one of
the city's club-bearing (are guns allowed In the
PAC?). good old Irish brogue men in blue (Pat
McGlynn). His solution to any problem is
simply to stand under the street lamp and
write it do wn. This fellow represents the ever»
so-common bureaucratic paper Chase, In
which it is assumed that everything will evenv
tually right itself if it is recorded iii sufficient

detail and Jill the forms are filled out In
Iiiplicate.
By the time Kleinman encounters the

soothsayer. we realize that any one method of
dealing witi- .be problem Is as god as any
other. and the temptation to say "why not?" Is
certainly there. The mystic uses neither sex.
medicine. not writing to make his analysis: he
works by sense of smell. After sniffing Klein-

' man (who insists it's the salad dressing he

recently spilled on his pants) profiiseluy, he
concludes that Kleinman himself Is the dread-
ed killer,

Our policeman proclaims that Kleinman
must be tried before found guilty; Kleinman
nearly ends up hanged when he cannot
choose between the "factions" of the propon-
nents of "the plan." He Innslsts that a choice Is
Iiiiposslble when the alternatives are not spell-
ed out. Allen gives us a message: we know not

I continued on page 13

" PAGES VEN

hiotoric five year mic-ion;
mirnl. Bottom: The crew of

 

' 2:9

‘ so

 

 

