 

... La.i::s‘éi‘?—T;L>hqnnmmL—~_~ . . .

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

M ' ...

In The Name
of L-iberatio

by Ephraim Wei-tern. Ellen Welutein and zionist sans! to drivethe majority Arab
Bhanu Pratap Des , population from Palestine. So'yes. we Will
There has 'been a virtual tidal wave of whole-hearted” support the 0
OPPOIittStn ill the 03um t0 the imitation Palestine. the' return of stolen lands to the
extended to the representative of the PLO at pnmnninn people and gupport the PLO in
the UN by the ISA. Much of this opposition this goal. .
has taken the form of supposedly upholding But our guppon or the PLO and the
the right of the PLO to speak while deploril'ig condemnation of Israel come from deeper
the payment of a $400 honorarium. This sources -— our support. of revolution and
argument is both ludicrous and transparent. liberation and our opposition to impenalrsm.
Are the Pe°Pte Wt“? mite title queltlon 0f colonialism and all forms of oppression.
Pﬂyment simply concerned With beins Prudent Israel's roots in the Balfour Declaratronncame
hildBeteeﬂ" Olin teetdon'tthey °PP°3e What from the British in return for the Zionist
the PLO stands for and they die! in the promise to protect British interests in the
honorarium queetit’n “5 5 tom in the d°°f Middle East. Isn‘t it clear that today Israel is
lactic. We would like to take a quote from it ﬁrmly tincd “pinrhe camp or us Imperialilm'
letter to the editor from "’0 quad serving as the local policeman for USinterests
representatives takins such an approach. in the Middle East. Particularly now that
“ColInCil'S Teflﬂﬂi to question the need 0t Israel's fallen comrade the Shah (whom they
{intlHCiﬂl “FPO” {01' thie speak" is helped with military aid Israeli soldiers) can
incomprehensible. He could have spoken for no longer police the are“. km] in an cvcn
free. the Student! “’01!” hﬂVe SﬂVed 3400‘" riiore critical lackey in the US camp. In what
Let as open the debate on the real issue —— other ways has Israel displayed her
what the PLO stands for instead Of Film")! reactionary nature? It has bolstered settler-
hidintl behind the bogus honorarium colonists in Africa — whether in the Congo.
question. Why wasn't there an outburst when Angola. Mnmmhique or south AfrictL it
other speakers received honorariums. bucked south Vietnam against the
iﬂCiUdingn White SOUth African Zionist. Allbe Vietnamese revolution and repeatedly urged
Eban? the US to show more backbone while they
What does the PLO stand for and Why does Were being forced to withdraw from Vietnam.
the Israeli Government and its Zionist Israel ha. been on: of the staunchest
supporters hateit‘l'l‘he answer isthe liberation supporters of the racist south African
of the oppressed Palestinian people. and the govcrnmcnt,
building of a secular. democratic Palestine. Those people who congidcnhcmsclvcno be
There ‘3 “0t enouﬁh slim to detail the progressive. siding with revolutionary
systemattcmbbcrv and the“ towed eVietiO“ 0t movements for liberation worldwide should
the Palestinian people from their homeland by mum“ that, “and on “may.
the Zionists who formed the state of Israel. One final point on the question of Zionism
This movement had its roots as far back as and rtnli-semitism. Zionists are very fond of
l897 when thcfirst Zionist Congress underthe the tactic ofcalling anyone who opposes Israel
leadership of Theodor Herzl claimed their co- an anti-scmite. The truth is that Zionism and
religionisis hudinhabited Palestine 2000years anti-scmitism are united by a common line
earlier. Only between the years l9l7-l947 did rind are flip sides of the same coin. Both anti-
the number ofJews rise from 7 to 33 percent of semitism and Zionism advocate separation of
Palestine‘s population. The proposed UN Jews from the mainstream of the worlds of
partition of Palestine would have awardedthe Other peoples — ilrc old “ghetto” solution:
one third of mostly European Jewish The separation of people along rcllgiouslincs'
immigrants who owned less than seven isatonccutactic of reactionary politics ilrrd an
percent of the land 57 percent ofthe territory act of racial discrimination.
of Palestine. But eVen this was not enough as We appeal to the entire University
on the same day the state of Israel was community to attend the talk by the PLO
proclaimed. Israeli troops eyed considefablc representative at the UN. and to cometo grips
portions of the Arab territories. This was the with the essence of the Middle-East conflict.
culmination of a campaign terror by various

To the Editor: ‘ ' _ ‘ clear that Gary has resorted to devious
Mrchclc Israel a article In the 21.8 I’(Mllrch methods to prevent the PLO from gettin a
20. I979) wasa furrago of half-truthsand lies. honorarium. None ofthest: were mentionc‘il ill
I am certain some of my friends in the the article.lwas quoted as saying “there was
Speakers Forum. who were interviewed by a misunderstanding arid that Schatsky was
lhts'rcporlcr would agree with me. emotionally involved with the issue " A
shim. rny name ﬁgured prominently in the This does not correspond to reality: I had
article. it is imperative that I clarify that part 0“ the 0thi?r htlnd condemned him for MVP“!
of the story in which i was involved, in order fabricated the issue ofiirr honorarium and for
to do this:Ishalldo what Micheledid notdo. SOWing confusion among various ‘pcople
try to report tire matter truthfully and Furthermore. Ihad not personally invited the
objectively, PLO representative at the UN. as mentioned
Ihad told Gary Schatskyaboui two months in the article. The formal invitation was
ago that the ISA is planning on inviting an extended to him by Eduardo C‘aprillcs on.

[(EDSIINSP'CZKEI‘THG the PLO represenuttiveat behalf of the ISA. .
e . . a a somadeitclearthatwerni M' ' ' '
have to give them an honorarium. gm she c'ffiiiicriltiiiihl th-‘Zileml Storillliuscnm‘ily‘
The Speakers Forum saw it fit to give 8400 it. "tilil‘gmri" rcpomng
to the Iranian speaker. Being a Central *mep D“
Council member. Gary Scholsky must have To the Editor:
known about this. Ilut he did not raise any it ill (Wils- clcur that the sentiment

 

  

 

by Hum alumni!" and Mark Gents

The conflict betWeen Israel and her Arab,-

‘uLL ha, over half a
century. has cost the lives of many young.
dedicated people. and has given rise to many
unanswered questions. These questions have
gone unanswered for so long because. until
recently. war has been considered theonly
option by the Arab countries. With the Visit of
President Sadat to the capital of Israel.
Jerusalem. in I977. and the Camp David
Accords. peace has become a possibility. With
the signing of the treaty betWeen Egypt and
Israel on Monday. some vital questions have
been answered. The remaining issue of the
future of the Palestinians will bedealt with in
accordance with "The Framework for a
Comprehensive Peace in the Middle East"
accepted by all sides at Camp Davrd. Th1!
treaty will be negotioated by Israel. Egypt. and
envisages participation by the other Arab
nations and moderate Palestinians. The first
step has been taken — the Egyptian-Israeli
peace settlement and the intention to push
further on the issue of the Palestinians. The
most significant stumbling block to settling
the issue' is the Palestine Liberation
Organization (PLO). its ideology as set out in
its Palestinian national Covenant. and its
terrorist activities.

The continued existlince and security of the
State of Israel is an integral part of Jewish
civilization. Howsver. the PLO denies the right
of the Jewish people to national self-
dctcrmination (Zionism). They seek to
differentiate between Judaism and Zionism;
and to discredit the latter. In Article 20 oftheir
Covenant. it is stated that “Judaism in its
character as a religion of revelation is not a
nationality with an independnnt existuncc."

'l‘hc PLO's aim is to destroy Israel and to
remove its Jewish character. It seeks
“democratic secularization". precluding
Jewish national exiataiice. The PLO Covenant
claims that Jews who were born in Palestine
before the “Zionist invasion" will be
considered authentic Palestinians after the
PLO has destroyed Israel. In other words.
Jews. whether born in Israel or elsewhere.
woulu nave no national rights in a democratic
secular state. One can easily infer that if the
PLO We": to implement democratic
secularization in Israel. that the results would
resemble the “solution” they imposcd in

 

Lebanon. There. as you may know. Lebanese

Christians have been virtually annihilated in
the PLO's effort to ovenhrow the sovereign
Lebanese government.

The PLO advocated terrorism for the sake
of terror. As noted in their pamphlet. The
PLO. Isrucl Kelman and Joel Weiner point
out that the major factor contributing to the
organization's growth and political success
has been the use of conspicous terrorist acts.
Some examples include the assault on OPEC
headquarters in llienua and attacks on
American Ambassadors in Lebanon and
Sudan. The PLO lists as its outstanding
successes the massacre of 22 Israeli
sclloolcchildren (Mn'aloi. I974). the murder
ofll Israeli Olympic team memberslMunich
197?). the airport slaying of Puerto Ricuri
Christians on pilgrumage(Lod Airport. Israel
I972). rlrid the recent ltttrick on an Israeli iour"
hus III March I978 in which 36 perished. These

 

 

objections. Nowihut the Speakers Forumhns surrounding the PLO issue will not st'bsid
decided to give $400 to the PLO until all sides have spoken their point c-f‘viewc
representative at the U.N.. he is tip in arms. As a rneliiber of Central Council l mu 
This clearly brings to light his hostility to the Chutes“ tllﬂt lit: entire issue has it)! f It5

M‘s). ‘ surfaced ( u
I‘rorn my couvcrsiiorrs with Gary. it is inIt‘tthe member Who mowdtoreconsider
cvrdent that lie was not grasped the essence of the hi” lit Celttl’ﬂi Council lust Wednesda ' I
the Middle-first conflict. 'I‘hrls his hostility to ttﬂd IIopi-‘d that 3" Of this dclﬂils 0f the isiilc
the “PLO. can only be viewed as n were to beclarit‘led. Once again. council got
rrranllcstrltlon ofliis subjective understanding very wuuhl “P i” the cm°tt°"” “t the “We
or my, hmhlmL hilc it was the goal of many members
In ism meeting with the Speaker‘s Forum includins myself. to fund the speaker either:
with gate receipts or just pay for

 

 

'rrnnsl‘ I r . .
yrrer betwccirOu'y untll.lalsomatlctt trnrrspnnnnnnl we realized mm mis w.“
_ ' M:_-——.__

mem
impossible because of the present finance
policy that precludes these possibilities
. llrls week some council memberil are
intending to change certain provisions in the
present policy to allow a different funding for
a speaker tlirlri the present mechanism It is
unfortunate that because of the way one
person handled negotiations that speaker's
lorqu mrty have to suffer some of the
consequences.

lllt‘ point is. however. that we should not

lnrldiitlygrou '
p that proclaims rrililtl '
i in
tilt covenant low perk",
____.._.».~.‘

 

llftl a people or society.
_____,_____._

defenseless individuals.

The world must never forget the lesson of
'Entebbe. A French airlinger flying from Israel
to France was hijacked by the PLO and now“
to Uganda. There. Jewish prisoners were
separated from the rest ofthe passangers. who
were set free. These Jewish prisoners were held
hostage until freed by Israeli forces. Here we
see how the PLO's victims need not only be
Israelis. but that Jews ofall natioalities are a
target for PLO actions.

Over the years the PLO has developed and
extensive network of relations with violent
terrorist groups. These include the
Japanese Red Army (which carried out the
massacre in Lod Airport with PLO
assistance). the Baader-Meinhof gang (whiclt
was in part responsible for Entcbbc). the Irish
Republican Army. and the nco-ltlcltl
elements in Italy. They. and others such as Idi
Amin's oppressive Ugandan government. rely
on the PLO fortrainillgand weapons. 'I he fact
that these alliances include elcrncnls of all
political persuasions from the extreme left to
the far right indicates that the PLO establishes

such ties because ofthe operational advantage
they provide and not' because of common
ideology.

Israel docs recognize that it must ultimately
help in ﬁnding a solution to the problem ofthe
Palestinians compatible with Israel‘s
existence. However. until this time. the only
group claiming representation of the
Palestinians is the PLO. which inuirns and
kills. and which distivows peace. The l‘l.(lllrl.\
maintained its leadership through llllL'L‘ and
has ussns'inntcd any moderate l’illcnlllllilllt
who advocate peace with Israel lllt‘
"strategy" of terror as outlined in Illclr
Covenant has brought attention lit the
Palestinian cuusc. But the PLO does not
recognize that terrorism and the continued
denial of Israel‘s right to exist is counter—
productch to the best interests ill the
Palestinians. Isrllcl cannot and Will rrul
negotiate with a terrorist gun pointed rll lch
women and children. Only ncgolroalron
through the process already begun ltt-rut-t-u
parties intercsted in peace can lead Ill
compromise and settlement. llll‘
DESTRUCTION OF ISRAEL IS NU] .»\
COMPROMISEIII

Israel alone is not in a position to solve lllt'
problems of the West Blink and (ill/ll. from
1948 until I967. when Jordan held lltr: West
Bank. the Arab countries did nollllrlK I"
improve the living conditions or to ctlitltllsll
Palestinian autonomy. Now the chance exists
for tile Palestinians who hold the mill
interests of these areas tojoln in llcgotlozrl
in a constructch manner. The Palestinians. by

claiming the PLO as their representatives.
are rejecting the opportunity for pence lllt‘
idea of the destruction of Israel as the .lt‘\\ltll
state riiust be dropped.

Israel and Egypt have rrlade their more. and
will continue to work towards peace. lsrllt'i
accepts the corlcept of Palestinian self-
determination; the status fo the West lluuk
and Gaza to be determined through
negotiation. Hui Israel needs a negoiioatirlll
partner. It is now tip to tile Palestinians m
accept the responsibility for their own future.
The success of the peace effort lies with them.
and their willingness to throw offthc shackles
of PLO radicalism.

Palestinians have repeatedly been offered a
chance for negotiations for the creation of a
free Palestinian state hlrt ilrc PLO. an
"tlcrruut group. proclaims violence as their
only recourse.

Whether it is the PLO. .II)I.. IRA. or any
other terrorist group; freedom ofspcct-h must
he “Plield rtnrl the rigllt to speak on this
c“militia must be fostered lnrl rlor through
3” lltlcni tax dollars Iltlit symbolically t'tllllltllli'
their actions.

Steven t'irplirn
l'ertlrril (‘ounril Plt‘llllttil'

 

 

 

 

 

wwa-~.~~mw u..w--..._..-.....~___._ L...

 

"wt... r a“...

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Rally Ruckus

To the Editor:

Most of the time. it's impossible to motivate
SUNYA students to do anything besides pull
for their A‘s. But once in a blue moon. they
become riled enough to lend a helpful hand to
a worthy cause such as Telethon or the Rally
to Fight the Hike. However. I never realized

that participating in such activities entitled

students to a license to harass. Speeit‘rcallyJ
am referring to last Wednesday's Rally to
Fight the Hike and the manner in which some
of the participants chose to impose their wills
on others.

At approximately eleven-thirty that
morning. I was sitting in LC 5 for my
Management Science class. Ihad decided not
to skip this class because it was too important.
Outside. the invasion of the Lecture Centers
was underway. led by the organizers of the
rally. On two different occasions. students
from the rally burst into the Lecture Center
and shrieked at us to join them. A couple of
the animals insisted on calling us “fags”
because we wouldn't leave class. I understand
that the rulliers did obtain some recruits by
these guerilla tactics. However. most of tl 1:
students in these classes had obviously chasm
to attend classes instead of the rally. So why
were we subjected to these unruly juvenile
outbursts? I don't know where these Iouts
obtained the colossal nerve to interrupt my
education with their rantings. I chose to come
to that class. I paid forthrit clllss.and Iwuntcd
to lcllrn in that class.

Let me address ilic loud-mouths for a
moment: I attended the rally downtown after
class was over. I. too. believe that the
proposed tuition lilkc is unfair. Like you. I do
not think that tile governor. tltc chancellor.
and most of the legislators are taking our
rights into consideration. But do you really
know what tllut last wurd -~ consideration -
Incrrrls'l I would say that ii is mighty
hypocritical to rullyagainst an outrage likctlic
hike and their turn around and commit an
outrllgc yourselves: ilttcrruptingthc education
of ltll those students who chose to attend
classes. Do any of you remember that we‘re
supposed to be fighting the bike so that we ciin
all receive the benefits of an education? It‘s
extremely gratifying to see that the “future
leaders" and “social reformers" are leading us
to new heights of rudeness. barbarlsm. rind
tltter tliouglrtlcssncss for others. Perhaps it's
only another symptom ofthe some sick society
tluit vundulizcs otlr dorms. burglarich otlr
rooms. and pulls false tllrirms at four o'clock in
the iriornirig. Nobody gives a damn about
uliyonc clscl

Behind the Green Wheel

To the Editor:
I read with interest Mr. Davis' letter about

olrr (irecn Monsters. Some drivers use the
clocks in their buses and others set their
watches by the garage time clock. This could
account for a bus to pull out five minutes
early. As far as an alumni driver looking likea
Wellington driver and trying to bid his bus.
just is not so. I make both runs every day. as
per my schedule. Sosomeone says Calvin Ave.
rind the bus doesn't stop. Did you every try
driving one. with four heater fans blowing in
the front. plus everyone talking on the bus.
and maybe u radio or two blasting. and tryto
hear someone up back? And to the girl who
waited forty minutes for a bus. my
Wellington's lilrve broken down three times
this past winter. lilid I‘ve hudto wait until men
crime from tltc garage. thus missing a run or
two. And as for as everyone piling on one has.
ulnl the other one mostly empty. every night at
7 pm a Wellirrgion and It“ alumni lcrive the
circle. When these are parked waiting.
everyone will pile on the has up front. because
they tllirrk it's lcnviiig earlier than the one
behind it. So Mr. Davis thinks the drivers are
rombics. urnl dummies. Last yelir a few new
ils Ilus

'ASP entitled ‘Grceks at SUNYA: A Loyal

The rally downtown was a very suecessful
demonstration of student solidarity.
Congratulations to the organizers and to
everyone who participated in the rally.
However. I would have a lot more pride in my
fellow students if some of them had shown me
the same consideration that they expect from
their lawmakers.

 
     

— Ronald Oriani

 

Sore Sisters

To the Editor:
The article in the March l6th issue of the

Minority' left the sisters of Psi Gamma
wondering what the article was all about. The
cover page of ASPECTS claimed that they
article would enlighten SUNYA students
about Greek Life. However. when the reader
has finished the aniclc. he ﬁnds that he hasn't
learned a thing. The article is a confusing
jumble of half-made points. If we as Greeks
didn't understand the point ofthe article. what
chance had anyone else?

The sisters of Psi Gamma have some
personal complaints regarding the article. As
far as the drawing of our shield goes. it's very
nice try. The next time you want a drawing ol
Psi Gamma' shield. have the common sense to
go to Psi Gamma. not Potter Club. The
statement concerning our ‘ll woman
rnemberslllp‘ which appeared twice. (once in
bold) is incorrect. Our membership is
about 20. which we understand
makes Psi Gamma the largest sorority.
Your article came out right before our rush
(what (ircck groups call the time they accept
new members). Although our rush has not yet
started. we already have half a dozen girls
interested in pledging. The statement
concerning the size of out sorority only sorted
to make us look pathetic. Our rush is 3/20thru
.‘ 27. and as we have said. we will have

 

Salaam, Shalom, Peace
Thirty years later, there is a treaty. President Jimmy E. Carter has
brought Menachem Begin and Anwar Sadat together to sign a peace

.treaty that is a miraculous step in halting the conﬂict in the Middle East.

Sixteen months after Sadat kissed Golda Meir hello in Israel, two
countries who have been at war for too long a time have laid down their
hostilities in the hopes of living in harmony.

By witnessing this historic sight. we can be assured that one need not
resort to terrorism and bloody murder to accomplish a goal. but to the
humaneness in us all, that stems the yearning for a bloodless peace. For
a bloody one is not really peace.

America has once again asserted itself as a driving force of world
happenings, something we have not enjoyed in quite a long time. Now
With the help of our Egyptian and our Israeli friends, we can all move oti
toward the future and attempt what was only two years ago called
impossible: Peace in the Middle Easr.

I I I I I
Reading, Writing, and Libraries

If education is the backbone of knowledge, ,and books are the
background for what has become the standard American college
education. then surely reading is the backbone of a great deal of the
knowledge we acquire at the University.

Nice guys might finish last. but when our library also ﬁnishes last (94
out of 94). with the least number of volumes, than that should clearly
serve as a signal that an inadequacy exists. True, we are a young
unrvcrsity with less time to build up a collection like some Ivy League
fUniversities. but Buffalo ranked 41, and Stony Brook out ranked us by

rvc.

With money as tight as it is. it seems hardly worth a prayer to ask the
legislature for more money. especially with all of the tuition doings. But
if our country‘s education happens to revolve around the fundamentals
of the written word. then it appears to us to be somewhat contradictory
to have inadequate resources of that written word.

It’s a question of priorities, and we believe that it should stand among
the primary ones. They have taught us how to read it. They have taught
us how to write it. Surely. they must provide enough for us to experience

  

 

pledges. but Psi Garnmli will never know how
much your error has hurt our rush.

Otrr personal gripes are nothing compared
to the disservice you have done your readers.
Nowhere in the article are Greek groups and
what they stand for described. Nowhere does
it say what our activities nrc.‘Wherc does it
describe what we all have in commn. and what
makes crich group unique? National
fraternities arid sororities are now allowed on
this campus. Why are some groups going
national. and wlty are others. like Psi Gamma.
opposed to going national'l These were the
hlIIIJS of qucstions we were asked by the
author of the article. We feel that it was the
answers to these kinds of qtlcstions that your
readers expected to find.

The sisters of Psi Gamma Sorority

Line. The state got drivers with years of
experience by doing this. thus providing you
with good safe transportation. Every driver
they obtain. Iias had experience driving buses.
and in pre-checklng buses before they leave the
garage. And if a bus pulls out when you‘re 20
feet away. it's because we watch the left side.
both front and rear for traffic. when pulling
ollt. and do not see who‘s coming up on the
sidewalk on the right side of the bus.

Last of all. one bus driver was quoted as
saying drivers come and go like a “revolving
door." Since I started work for the state in
November. I Itith seen just one driver quit.
which was a pan-time driver. And one more
very irriportalit thing I'd like to say to Mr.
Davis. As a bus driver. I make $3.7l per hour.
working for the state. The CDTA drivers
make over $7 per hour. and Greyhound and
’l‘railways drivers make over $8 per hour. Now
Mr. Davis. haven‘t you ever heard the old
saying “you get just what you pity for".

Frank Iloardmun

SIINYA Ilus Driver

P.S. I‘d like to tttltl tllrit the students at
EillNY are the best people in the world I‘ve

it. from wherever we have placed our interests here, be it a remote
science, or a sacred art.

An Apology:

The A llmny Slur/en! I’rrn‘r would like to extend its sincere apologies to Central Council
Chairman Dave Rrrffnfor the quote ofthe tt’l‘P/t’ that appeared in the last issue. The quote
was ’(Ilt'l'll (ml rtl't'rt/r/i-.rI_/rrlrrr where it was spoken, andrloes no! necessarily represent [lu-

plﬁltuoﬂlll’ Illa! Dave adheres to, anrrcrnl'ng this issue. Once again. our apolilglm'.

 

 

 

 

Jxv ll. (:rsssn. Eilr'IoI-in-Chlty‘

Crunth BELL

Ns'ws rnnou . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ~ . ‘
Assor'lu': rvth sorroas . . . . . . . . WENDY GHEIENPIIELI), Mrt'lthh lsaAhL
Assent mn‘osl . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . BRIAN KIIRTZEII
- i I . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Pqu SCHWARTZ

Sronrs [IIITOI '
Astor-in: spouts corms
I-an‘roruAL PAGES snlroa . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . .

.’ 'r walrus: Ilill ilecslius, Richard Ileliar. Ruben Blasenstein. Mike Dunne. Maureen
lire-Arlrge. Ken Kurtr. M. J. Memmott. Steve Oster. Beth Sexer. Aron smith. Deborah Smith.
Ashton 'l’ltitrnns. luck Wcinbnnm APMANAGEISI l loyd Levenberg. Jesse beherer ztturtc news.
ltttll'ii Se b ratvitw Mm: Diana Oruci as . (‘ooammrou Ste hanle Del Valle sthv/i
Nrws lttl IZVclyn Ellis Nrws :nrross rmttrms: Matthew Cox. .lrl Haber. Tum Mancllo

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . DAVID OsaoaN
Ealc 5“.thch

   

 

Duns Ito". Atlwrlr'slng Managrr
BILLING At‘t‘othl’ANl‘ LlsAsAPirtaxggm
I'At'lttu. MANMII’I . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . hENUricNBRDWN
Booksturim; . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
chic Mcrlnelstciit rixssrriso xnvrstnsmo:

Mus rustmml: Sieve (inldsieiri. Jeff levilan. Ri ‘ ‘ _
Steve Matter i'omosrrttm: Sally Ann llrccltcr.'Hll den Liirrutlr. Aruy hours an raoritlcrton
MANAth Steve tioldsiciu an PIODllC'IION: Edith terelsnn. Ilrldy Ilrllnd. Irene Frrmat. Iom
Mnr'tr‘llu. lll Ritrtvod omen Rosemary Gross. Ruth Ienll mt: our: Leslie Appelbaum

MAITV thxovrru. Production Illanugt-r
ROIIN (low-mo. Co-l‘rrlrlrii‘lirm Manager

LURAINE Lilli-ZIMTURH
’Arltrrx Lovu

I’t‘rmi; r'rmnnlmroa

Virtur'ltrt‘xluriu . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

lelbaum. Sal Grilli Wrists: Donna Bandit]. Mindy Gordon. Clleryl

lcr. Mririlyn Moskowitr. lvy I’cltl. Betti btone Pllttttl'ttEADHlS: Manny
Alvarez. I'lonnu Reichner. Beth Srrnnri

rum tlr: Leslie Ap
Kaufman. 'flullr Kile t

I'nnrotiiurut'. .ruppllcrl principally by University Pholrr Service

ESTABLISHED l9l6
l'Iit' .-llllrlny Slur/an! Press is [Nth/Lt‘llt'll every Thesilay and Friday «luring Illt'dt‘hrmllt'ﬂl‘r by the
-l/lulnv Stilt/en! l'ri-xr (‘or/roruliwi. on independent "Ol'ftlr-llrtl/Il 0rgaltl:t{llt)ll.‘ hilllorml
pit/it‘ll lit Ilt'lt’nllfllt‘tl by (he h‘dilorr'n-(‘hltff nnil is iilbjrrl in review by the hillrorral hoard.
.Ilirr'lrnt: irililrt-u: Albany .t‘lllrIi-nl Press, US J20. I400 Washington Am. Albany. NI H.722
‘ (sis) 45mm

 

 

L‘Yt‘l' Illlllﬁllttl'lt'tl.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
  

 

 

 

