 

 

 

____.ﬁ7

‘Wosfld News Brieig)

 

 

Nixoml Man Without A Home

e

NEW YORK (AP) Richard'Nixon may be welcome at his
7 new Manhattan condominium. but his bodyguards
apparently are not. A suit ﬁled Wednesday by residents of
the plush Fifth Avenue building says the Nixon‘s can move
into the lavish l2-room digs—only if they give up or restrict
Secret Service activities. The neighbors claim the agents
would be a disruptive force. A hearing has been set for
Friday at which the Nixons must show why 1",iicuuld not
be prevented from buying the apartment. it was the second
rebuff the Nixons have encountered since they sold their San
Clemente. Calif.. estate and decided to return to New York.
where they lived before Nixon was elected President in l968.
Lastmonth. Nixon withdrew his $750,000 offer for a nine-
room penthouse on Madison Avenue after residents voice
opposition.

 

Pope May Bring Profit

(AP) Film-(lam artists in Boston are peddling fake tickets
for seats at a papal Mass. and ofﬁcials in Chicago are piling
concrete blocks on a parking garage to test whether it can
support the throngs of people expected to attend Pope John
Paul ll‘s Mass there. Meanwhile. squabbles over who will
pay for what during the pope's visit next month are being
ironed out. and church ofﬁcials at the Vatican are pu/Ilcd

over the fuss. “It's ridiculous." said the Rev. Vincent

()‘Kcefe. an American Jesuit ofﬁcial. reacting tocontrmcrsy"

 

'head of state. I run puzzled why his visit cannot be perceivedI
as a joyous and peaceful occasion that will help bring them .
together." In Boston. state Rep. Michael F. Flahcrty warned
that hucksters are going door to door in some:
neighborhoods offering for $4.50 tickets to a Mass on Oct. 1.,
the ﬁrst day of John l’aul's six-day visit to the United States...
“The Mass on the Boston Common is free to everyone.
Flahcrty said. “These eon sclicmers are committing it most I
heinous crime...

Nixon Accused of Viet Plot

PEKING (AP) While Richard M. Nixon visited Citincse
tourist spots today. a Vietnamese border negotiator in
Peking blasted the former president and his Chinese hosts.
accusing them of plotting against Vietnam and other
Southeast Asian countries. “The Chinese are conducting
discussions with American former President Nixon. a
warlike element defeated in the Vietnam/war and ousted
because of the Watergate scandals." said Dinh Nho Liem..

_Hanoi's delegate to Sine-Vietnamese border talks in the

Chinese capital. Dinh told reporters the Chinese had not
replied to charges of collusion with Nixon that Dinh made

.during today's session of the border talks, the 12th meeting

since June. Vietnam is negotiating with i’ekingto withdraw
from border areas occupied by Chinese troops this spring.
China invaded Vietnam in February. a month after
Vietnamese forces drove Peking‘s ally Pol Pot from the
Cambodian capital of Phnom i’cnli. Most Chinese forces
withdrew by late March.

Peace Treaty Rein forced

over use ofpublic property for Masses and public money for
crowd control and the construction of platforms. An ltalian
prelate. who asked not to be identified. said. "it‘s a classic

 

pope is not only a religious leader. He is it “(Hid leadertind a

WASHINGTON (AP) American civilian technicians will
remain in the Sinai Desert up to three years and US.
reconnaissance ﬂights will be stepped up to monitor the
Egyptian-lsraeil peace treaty. The formula. announced
Wednesday by Secretary of State Cyrus R. \‘ance. hinges on

igo'n'g‘ressional approval. But serious opposition is

considered unlikely given the us. stake in supporting the
peace treaty signed March 26 on the White House laWn The
initial idea, to use a U.N. Emergency Force, was an...“
under threat ofa Soviet veto. Vance. ﬂanked by Egyptian
and lsraeli ofﬁcials. in e clear his displeasure with the
Russians. “if the U.N. orce had been able to stay there the
problem never would have arisen." he said. The solution
reached in two days of intensive negotiations. was to gin:
Egypt and Israel the primary responsibility for monitoring
the treaty. Mixed patrols, supplemented by up to 200
American civilians and stepped-up U.S. reconnaissance
ﬂights. will supervise lsraei's withdrawal over a three ycqr
period. This is the same number of civilians assigned [to
monitoring stations in the Sinai under a l975 agreement that

provided for a partial lsraeli pullback.

Earthquake In Italy

ROME (AP) An earthquake shook central ltiily trorn
Florence in the north to Naples in the south shortly beltin-
midnight Wednesday. killinght least fitc people and sending
thousands running into the streets. Buildings our
damaged in dozens of towns including Rome. The worst-hit
area was around Norcia-»—a medieval town of 7.000 in the
Umbrian region. the hilly heart of ltaly. Police said a litllllh
of three died when a house collapsed at San Marco and i\\ll
persons under debris in Chiavano. Both \illagcs are llL‘iil
Norcia. The streets of Norcia and villages in the Nuriiiii
Vallcy were littered with stones. bricks and chunks of “(ills
The Norcia hospital was evacuated. Authorities reported
tens of thousands of persons were camping mermght in the
Umbrian area. in Rome and the Vatican. walls of palaces
and churches shook visibly. Chandeliers swayed and beds
slid on the ﬂoor. Dogs barked and children cried w lllit‘ illlli-
theft sirens of thousands of cars were set off by llic caiili‘.
movement. Police said there were no rcpurh ol casualties ill
the capital. and major historical structures such as llil.‘
Colosseum and the Forum appeared undamaged.

 

 

 

v'vvrvvv-.v.r.i.~.t.r.ir-i

 

Professor David Shub ls ‘

r- a -s- -AgraaJ7-ataster-iﬂﬂwaitiaaaqdawcv

" DNA research at SUNYA.

Illt' nut/mi of creating a monster is "ridiculous. "

DNA Research Rules Are 

 

SW YA Not Affected

by Michael P. Fried

Earlier this month. federal

guidelines governing Recombinant

DNA research were relaxed by the
National institutes of Health (NIH).
this being the second change in the
guidelines since December 1978.
Research on the SUNYA campus.
however has not been affected by the
ruling.

Accorditig to biology professor
Joseph Muscarcnhiis. the guidelines
were relaxed because "all the
concerns ahotrt the possible biilards
haven‘t shown up."

Assistant Grants Coordinator til
the Office for Research l‘litllk’
Disrinto said the NIH guidelines
which scientists on campus have
been following have remained
unchanged.

The gurdelincs were relaxed.
explained biology professor David
Shub. when it" Nlll committee
failed to create it cancer forming l5.
Coli agent. the possibility of it
forming has been lessened. "there
was no reason to have very strict

SUNYA Combats Energy Problems

 

guidelines." said Shub.

Biology Chair Leonard Lerman
said there were objections to the
DNA research which included the
threat of leakage of Recombinant
bacteria and the creation of
“something
potentially dangerous."

lie added thiit when art organism
receives new genes. it is
"handicapped." or unable to react
fully to the additional genes. "You
can't turn a pussycat irtto a tiger."
said l.ertnan. (lune splicing. he
added. means adding only a small
ntitnhcr of genes to the organism so
that "the crentioti of a monster
seems very unlikely."

Shub said that the itotioii ol~
creating a monster is "ridiculous".
lie is conducting DNA research in ii
p-l facility. which requires the lowest
level of DNA containment.
According to the NIH. it is a
ininiinnl risk facility while Shub
claims it is not. “it is unlikely that
the awful scenarios that people
imagined cotild come true."

totally new and.

I Biology (‘ltttir Leonard Lerman

Air-fill .i't'i'nurior will not happen.

 

Photo: U [’3

Cs: of one being unable to see the forest lor the trees. 'l he

 

Will Rfduce Consumption

 

 

 

O'Leary To Visit Quads

SUNYA ' President Vincent O'l.cary. Director of
Residences John \Velty. and Vice President for Academic
Affairs Dave Martin are aitiong the members of the
administration who will be visiting quads iirid rapping with
students about their concerns. The groups paid it visit to
State Quad Tuesday night and addressed problems illld
questions dealing with a variety of issues. such as the SA
budget, the Energy plan. the cutting of major academic
programs and the development of specific interdisciplinary
programs. and maintenance problems.

 

University-Community Day

.

The eighth annual Community—University Day will be
held at the University on October l3. front noon to 5p.rn. The
overall program will concentrate on activities in the College
of Sciences and Mathematics. with events being planned for
the public and members of the uniVersity. The open house
will be held in conjunction with Alumni Homecoming rind
Parent's Weekend. Student groups and university
departments are planning presentations. exhibits and
displays.

 

\

\

 

Watch The Birdie

0k. all you picture taking fanatics. get out your cameras
and start shooting SUNYA junior Casey Fernandez has
decided to “stimulate the photographic interests of students"
by creating a photography crintcst entitled "Life at
SUNYA.“

Photos will he accepted in the following categories:

- Instainiitic photography - Polaroids. instaniatic cameras
-35 millimeter color pictures
-35 millimeter black and white pictures

l’riles. \ulued at tour 5400. will be awarded in the form ol
gift certificates frorii lieriis Camera itt Colonic. N.Y. First
prize is $70. second price is $30 and four third prizes ofSIO
Will be awarded in each Cillcgor)’.

SUNYA 3!“ teacher Phyllis (ialcmbo. an employee from
licrns Camera. and someone frotn outside the university
community will be judging the photos.

Photos cart be dropped off iii the SA contact office
beginning September 26. November 2 is the finiil day of the
contest

Wandering—Minstrel

Who was that small. energetic. ell-like Lllrllr’tLlL’l sci‘tl
entertaining SUNYA students on the podium \bL’tillt‘MliH
afternoon? He had this uncanny ilhllll) to ttirii .i fitllttil-li
Crowd of serious-minded students Illltt .i ilyllltt‘li‘mr
litinilcltippitig. singing. mellow ntob.

His name is Stephen lliiird and he‘s been priloIHHI‘t!
rclililill'l)’ 0" streets and campuses .ill across the mutt“) it"
tltc prist seven years

Originally from Cambridge. he's been called lllc Robin of
Boston for his heralding voice. which llt.‘ .icconipaincs will
tillllurﬁ. a tlulcimer. kriloo. harmonica. rititriliiiip. and .ill
Appalachian instrument called a limherjaclr.

llis repertoire includes Irish drinking stings. tradition-i1
Al’l‘ﬂlﬂt‘llittti music. ragtime. mitistrel. sittgtrlongs. blur-s.
kitldy tunes. rind bar room ballads.

lltiird once inspired the Assistant Dean ol ti (‘liiciigo
ltIIIt/Ctsity to write "I‘m still amaled at how one person
sitting in one spot ctin reach so many students.“

 

 

 

Sunya News “[189

 

PAGE TWO

ALBANY-‘LS’I‘UDENT PRESS

 

. __.. w.— «1

SEPTEMBER 2i. 1979

by B.W. Fox

Lower thermostats. reduced
lighting levels. faculty carpooling
and a ten percunt cutback in fuel
consumption for state vehicles are
just ti few of the changes being made
in the university community as
SUNYA confronts the national
energy problem this year. according
to SUNYA President Vincent
()‘l.eary.

SUNYA has reduced its energy
consumption over
percent since 1973 explained
()‘lctiry. yet total energy costs have
increased nearly forty—five percent.
In addition. the proportion of thc
SUNYA bridch dedicated to energy
crisis has jumped lrom fotir percent
in 197.1 to seven percent tit present.

It the trends continues. warned
()‘l.cury. “more and more of the
resources we should spend for
educational purposes inevitably will
be diverted to pay heating and
lighting bills. Within ten years.

we cotild sce twenty percent of our -

total budget devoted to energy
costs."

A technical advisory committee.
coitiposcd ol staff frotn the
Atmospheric Science Research
Center (ASRC). will attempt to
conduct an audit of energy
consutiiptioti iii each major building
on campus.

According to Vice President for
Business and Finance John
lliirtigtin. the audit will involve
around the clock monitoring of
"sophisticated equipment." such as
heating and electrical units. by as
many as thirty people per building,

'l’he present campus heating
system is controlled by il computer
and can only be monitored front r’l
L'CIlllill lticntiiiii. iiiecti‘iciil energy is
also calculated for the university as
it whole. No lllittl'lllilllt)” isaivailiible
concerning llltii\ltillitl buildings.

Once the ttlltill is completed.
which will probably be wttliin the
next month or two. and sufficient
dritu has been proVidetl on the
.ciicritv situation. ()‘l ctirv expects to

ﬁfiit'iczwiiicu ll. 1979

twenty-five-

 

ilpptlilll an energy comittission ol

faculty. staff. and students to review
the data rind consider possible
ciicrgy alternatives.

L'titting brick oii night classes.
introducing a four—day class week.

 

.l'ilin llartigan said radical changes will be mad;

('uliirit'lri in energy ll.\'tl.l.'t‘ have been nititli'.

ALBAN V V STUDENT

 

and installing more energy cfl 'tent
sodium vapor lights in the parking
lots are some of the alternatives
being considered. said 0'l.eary.

According to llartigtin. some of
the more radical changes that may
he considered for the future include
the substantial improvement of
existing heating equipment.
experimentation with solar energy.
and the introduction of a tlirci:
iiiotitli wintcr interscssion,

Although no major change is
likely to tiikc place tIntil iicxt yetir.
lliirligtin siiys lllill _stttdetits can
expect slightly cooler classrooms
this winter. as state gtiitlcliiics now
limit the thermostat to no llltll'L'lllilll
sixty-thi- degrees. llicsc guidelines
tlo llttl apply to the dortiiittirics.

lit titltlitioti. downtown students
may he laced with it slight reduction
in the bus scrvtcc. as it result ol the
state insisting on ti ten percent
cutback iii lticl coiistiiiiptioti for
vehicles.

I’lmln: U [’3‘

 to Hi? an

L . ......_ _.-...

Hutu-y “0-H

ffnmfr‘h . -

bU iU so

 

Lower thermostats are being called for to save some energy.

Muni' alternatives are living t'tIIM‘lt/t'rt‘tl.

l’lll)lll.‘ UI’S

Asbestos  Campus

rmi/I’Iittt‘rl/‘rmii page one
$270.0(X) rehabilitation project iii
Richardson aritl are still iii the
bidding stiigc.‘lle said that the bids
will be due by early October.
"There is usually a sixty to ninety
day starting period on these
projects. and while some incidental
repairs in the boiler room may be
done in the spring. the project won‘t
be completed until next fall." DcVoc
snid. _
DeVoc said that extensive work iti
Richardson's boiler room cannot
trike place tiiitil the boilers go out of
use after the winter heating season.
DcVoe said that while he was not yet
sure of how thc asbestos problcnt
will be remedied. lie speculated that
the layer of asbestos lire-retardant
will have to be entirely removed.
Stripping the ceiling of the
asbestos represents a more costly
alternative to scaling the asbestos in
place behind ii mesh and resin
coating.
(lent said that while the major

asbestos threat is in SUNYA's

PRESS

downtown buildings. the uptown
campus may not be free of the
problem. He believes that ceiling
tiles in the library and certain
Campus Center offices may contain
asbestos. Additionally. the
NYl’lRU investigation points to
potential asbestos contamination in
a bulk food storeroom near
Waterbury's kitchen.

“'lhere is an asbestos coating
sprayed on it ceiling very close to the
kitchen." said (ient. "Frequently
there is dust on the containers of
food. Whatever is iii the till may get
into the food."

(icnt said that he is planning on
attracting student support by
contacting the dorm director in
Alden Hill]. where last spring lie saw
pieces of the ceiling tiles break off
and fall to the floor.

NYl’lRG is also looking into
hiring a private lab to run tests on
tile samples while they await state or
university reaction to their claims of
possible presence of asbestos.

I, PA G  THR EE

 

