 
 

t is‘hig‘hly unlikely that youl

will ever see Bubbles Nixon on

the cover of Rolling Stone

He’s been playing piano at

bars and night clubs for nearly
half a century.vand he hasn't made it big
yet. But at an age when most folks are in
retirement. Bubbles still pleases 'the
crowds with his music. In fact. this portly
black gentleman who sings old classics
with a high. squeaky voice has become
one of the most popular musicians in
Albany.

Tom Martello

Twice a week. Bubbles plays at the
Gemini Jazz Cafe on Lark Street. An
eatin' place. he calls it. On weekends. he is
the main man at Paulie's Hotel on Central
Avenue.

l’aulie‘s is a bar which looks like it
hasn't changed since 1930. Hanging
lamps. wooden floors. varnished beams
and nostalgic pictures on the walls give
this bar an old time ﬂavor. On the
weekends. l’aulie‘s customers feature a
mixture of blue collar workers. who are
the "regulars". couples over 30 years old.

and students.

While the regulars usually crowd

around the bar, the other patrons sit at
tables within range ofthe piano. Bubbles
plays "Mack The Knife". his face peering
out from behind the piano as his voice
cracks the air. On top of the piano. there
is a small amplifier. a lamp and a beer
glass with a low dollars in tips in it. On a
bench next to the piano sits a screwdriver
which Bubbles sips through a straw in
between numbers. Dozens of songbooks
clutter the bench behind him.

Bubbles finishes the number and the
customers applaud. A man of about
thirty approaches the piano and makes a
request. Bubbles winks and then turns
around and plucks a songbook from the
multitude on the bench behind him.
Before the man has sat down with his
woman friend, Bubbles has gone into a
rendition of Fats Domino's “Blueberry
Hill“. The couple holds hands and smiles.

After playing another Fats Domino
tune. Bubbles goes into his most
requested song. “As Time Goes By". By
now the bar is packed. and Bubbles is the
man the folks have come to see.

Could it be that this 69 year old piano

 

 

 

Bubbles play. all types at music — (an. old lovoritu. ciaslcl.

 

.player has groupies?

“I don't know. might be," he said with a
laugh. as high-pitched as his voice. “But 1
don‘t understand it. You‘re the third
newspaper that's interviewed me in a few
weeks now. 1 don't know if i can say that
much — you know, they even want to
tclevise me. Channel 16 is gonna come to
the bar. But I still don't know what all'of
the fuss is about all of a sudden. i been
here all along."

Bubbles ﬁrst came to Albany in T93].
and has worked at hundreds of clubs and
bars in the Northeast. He's been at
i’aulie's for the past seven years.

“Sometimes I get upset when people "
don‘t listen to me play. They should listen
to artists when they play. I enjoy my work
—— and an appreciative audience."

What kind of music does Bubbles play?

“i play good music. l'm a musician. I
play all kinds of music. i play show music,
i play jazz. 1 play old stuff, i play classtcal.
opera. Anything that's written, 1 can play
it."

Bubbles wouldn't even venture to guess
how many songs he might play in a given
evening One of his keys in beings crowd
pleaser is his ability‘to accept almost any
request.

g

If a bunch of musicians were there ,
and only a few would be playing,
they’d give free whiskey to the others.
They’d get drunk and jam

and the bars would get a full band
for almost nothing.

 

 

“Times have changed — oh yes. they‘ve
changed all right.“ he said. “l usedto play
with bands. but then the bars couldn't
support them. so l played alone.“

Daniel “Bubbles” Nixon began playing
the piano at the age of 10 at his home
town of Brunswick, Georgia. He later
moved to New York City, where he
graduated high school and began his
musical career.

"When i was a kid. i used to be called
‘Bubber'." he said after taking a sip from
his ever-present screwdriver. “Then an
agent in New York who was booking
dates for me changed it to Bubbles. There
was a vaudeville team at the time called
‘Brook and Bubbles‘. Bubbles played the
piano. and so did l.soltook that name."

A name couldn't lit a man any better.
Clad in ajackct and bow tie. with a roly-
poly face and body. Bubbles looks like a

Bubbles. But he‘s no clown. He‘s a
musician. Bubbles emphasizes that he is
an artist.

‘6 .

      

opera - anything that he considers good. and anything that to
requested of him. (Photo: Mike Farrell)

 

Telethon's Ready To

be word Telethon. a

combination of “tele” (as in

television) and “thon” (as in

marathon), has, despite its

recent introduction into our
language, earned its place in Websters.
where it is defined as: A long television
program usually to solicit funds for a
charity.

Scott Benjamin

 

 

Mention the word to the average man
on the street, and images of Labor Day.
and Jerry Lewis are immediately brought
to mind. The Albany State populace has
never professed to be representative of
average men (women) on the streets.
Mention telethon to someone close to
SUNYA. and you‘ll elicit a much
different picture of the word.

Many will recall having watched much
of the late night entertainment live in the
campus center ballroom, while others
may remember having performed. Some
will speak of having set tip the stage. or
selling donuts. t—shirts. or door prize
tickets. But. virtiitilly every recollection
will be one of involvement.

b'l’cletlion ‘7‘). the twelfth telethon ofits
kind will take place tonight and
tomorrow inthe campus center ballroom.
With the proceeds to benefit the
Wildwood School for the
developmentally handicapped. Last
year‘s telethon raised a record 30,000+
dollars for this charity. and till indications
are tlitit this year‘s event will top that.

No one person wakes up one morning
and dcctdcs to put on a telethon. Rather
it substantial amount of preparation goeti
into producing what has been termed as
the largest student-run telethon in the
country. Stuart Gruskir. operations
committee Ctr-chairperson said that

ubblcs Keeps On Playing .

“i play what people like.“ he said. “1.,

have no real secret. l'm an individualist. i
do my own thing. as the saying goes.“

Bubbles says that the classic song “As
Time Goes By" is by far the most
requested song. even by young people.

“Young people request a lot of the old
songs. But you see. there's a reason for
this. They have never really heard these
songs, because they were played before
they were born. The old songs are new to
this generation.“

in music. Bubbles says. “you gotta go
where the action is“. and he‘s certainly
seen his share of bars over the years. His
career has led him to know such jam
greats as Billie Holiday and Fats Waller.

“Fats Waller was a very likcablc
person, very friendly." Bubbles
remembered. “i met him at a rent party in
Harlem. They used to have them all the
time. There wasn‘t no welfare or nothing.
so folks would have a party and everyone
would bring a little money to pay the rent.
People would play their music and have :i
good time. This was during Prohibition
and. well. there was lots of bootleg boo/t-
goin‘ around."

There have been some hard timcs. and
ike many other black musicians of his
time. Bubbles has felt the sting of
prejudice.

“That was one oi the reasons I left

“preparations for one year's telethon
begin almost immediately af‘er the
previous one has ended."

In order to run any type offund raising
event. one must select a charity. Stncethc
first SUNYA telethon, the proceeds of
this event have always gone to the

Wildwood School. For the past tWo years.

however. it has been the policy of the
telethon organization to choose the
charity from a number of applicants. the
stipulation being that the charity is for the
beneﬁt of physically. mentally. or
emotionally handicapped children.
After a thorough screening process.
which entails the analysis of a written
statement of the need of the particular
organization. as well as visits to the
institution itself. a charity is chosen. For
the past two years during which this
policy has been in effect. the Wildwood
. wig .» . .V

 

   

Prop-rations tor T
usual the majority

olothon were begun nearly a year ago, and as
at the portormancu will be musical. (Photo:
Tony Taeurolll)

"we‘ve; ...r~ t._.. ._ .

Bubbles Nixon has been playing piano ior almost 60 yearst t

 
  

he has no Intention: ot quitting. which is fine with his many
lane. (Photo: Mike Farrell)

Georgia. Down south it was awful."
Bubbles said. "However. when i came
north, things weren‘t much better. in fact.
I couldn't even get into the union iierc.
They didn‘t let me join the Albany local.
I‘m still not in it I'm in the Amsterdam
local."

“I‘ve heard it over and over again. They
don't want no ‘so and so‘ in their place.
Problem is many times. what one person
thinks. they all believe. And people put
everyone in the same category. One thing
I've learned is that people make the same
mistakes over anti over.“

During the civil unrest of the 1960's.

school has proven most worthy.

Okay. so you've got yourself a
worthwhile cause. and you've decided to
ltold a tclctlton. Arrangements must be
made for it place to hold the grand event
(it would be most embarrassing to have
thousands of people show up to see a
telethon, only to be deposed by an
English department poetry recital). The
reservation for the CC Ballroom is made
nearly a year in advance. it should also be
noted. according to talent co-coordinator
Greg l’avlis. that the ballroom must be
reserved for virtually every evening from
just after the intercession. until about one
week before telethon itself. so that
auditions for telethon performances can
be held there.

This year. l’avlis. with co-coordinator
Marlene Michaelson. reviewed over 200
acts in five weeks. and for the first time in

      

Bubbles said that some of the
establishments he was scheduled to play
in bad windows smashed with bricks.
“Some of our dates had to be cancelled
because ofthe violence. Btit times change.
Look at Albany it was a whole
different world before the South Mall."

l’ttulie‘s was it whole different world,
also. It was tiniill—mun‘s bar. At that time.
Bubbles was playing at a cltib across the
street. and he used to frequent the bar
quite oftett.

“It wasn't rcally ti stag bar." he said.
“Ladies could sit at the tables. btit they
weren't allowed at the bar. Many retired

O

the history of otir telethon were almost
faced with the necessity of turning away
acts. l’avlis explained that each act is
judged on a scalar basis of its
entertainment value, with the better acts
getting the better exposure time slots.

Once all thcjudging was completed. it
took l’avlis and Michaclson “a solid four
days" to make tip the schedule. Although
a majority of the acts are musical in
nature. a definite variety is offered;
scheduled arc jugglers. gymnasts and
more. While i am on the subject of the
entertainment. i beg you to allow me this
brief digression. to bail an act that i feel
should be the highlight of the 24 hour
event. Ait act that combines magic with
comedy in an absolutely astounding
manner. This act is scheduled to appear
this evening at 10:23 (I only promote this
act so avidly. because it is someone very
close to me who will be performing it . . .
me).

The acts that represent the top talent
are scheduled for the first hour (referred
to as TV hour) which is video-taped
through the courtesy of F..C.C.. and then
shown on all three ofthe Capitol district‘s
conuiicrciiil television stations. This
year‘s tclectists will be on chtinncl ti tit 2:30
tilll. and oncliattncls 10 and 13m lztltlpm.
tomorrow.

While an extraordinary amount oftime
goes into the preparation of the
performance. this represents only the
surface; the picture that the spectator
secs. btit according to operations
committee co-cltair Margie Weinblatt.
what wc will sc its 'l'clethon ‘79 is rcully“tt
culmination of a year‘s events."

'l'hroughout the year. beginning almost
immediately after the SUNYA
community has ttnpiickcd its bags.
telethon events take place. Included
among these are the wulkuthon. the book
exchange. donut. candy, and pumpkin

 

 

 

railroad men used to bring their wives. Oh
yes. I was here a lot before it went co-ed,"
he said with a chuckle.

“One thing i remember was that they
used to play a lot of darts in here. They
don‘t do that anymore. And you paid ten
cents for a glass of beer. Now that's one
thing i do miss about the good old days!"

in the “good old days." Bubbles would
play in Saratoga. where musicians like
him thrived. He'd like to see legalized
gambling established there.

It is a very nice spot. They used to have
gambling there. Now Las Vegas is the
gambling place. All the big acts go there.
But ifthcy brought it back to Saratoga. it
would really help. Not the big stars. 1
know they get them at that performing
arts place. i mean. the little fella. the bar
players like me."

What is Bubbles‘ passion when he isn't
playing at bars?

"Eating." He laughed. "You can tell I
love to eatjust by lookingat me. l‘ma real
good cook. My favorite dishes are shrimp
a la creole and soul food — chitlins and
stuff."

Btibblcs lives in Albany and is content '

with what he calls a “very comfortable
lifestyle.“ He says he will play “as long as
lie has to.“

“I feel sorry for other old folks. lfthcy
go to homes. they lose all oftlteir privacy.
I‘d rather work. 'l'ltat's ti terrible way to
live.”

Bubbles never married. because he felt
that ii nuisicitin's life could never be
conducive to married life. Btit he has had
his share of ladies.

"l have lots of friends. too. And when!
can. I do entertain." .

Many of his friends are musicians. Do

 

 

they sit down and jam after dinner?

“Oh. lord no." said Bubbles. “I've got a
piano at home. and i do play sometimes.
When I was young i used tojam a lot. But
you know. some bars. used to take
advantage. if a bunch of musicians were
there. and only a few would be playing.
they‘d give free whiskey to the others.
They‘d get drunk and jam and the bars
would get a full band for almost nothing."

Bubbles gets up and leans on a cane
which helps him to walk following a
dislocated hip he sustained in an auto
accident. He returns to the piano and the
waiter brings him another screwdriver. ,

A few minutes later. he is playing. His
voice never cracks and his ﬁngers glide
across the old piano. And the customers
smile.

“He's the greatest." one student patron
said. “He can play everything. He gives
this place a great plus. Sometimes you get
tired of loud rock bands. like the ones at
Bogarts.“

“You know. I'd love to find out what
Bubbles" favorite song is." said another
customer of about 30 years old. "And
then I‘d request it. But he says that he's a
musician. and he likes all of his music."

A woman visits Bubbles and makes a
request. ()iicc again. it‘s “As Time Goes
By". A man of about 40 raises his beer
glass and says. "Here‘s looking at you.
Bubbles,"

is he the best in the Capital District?

“Well. i don‘t knowifl’m the best." he
says with a chuckle. “But i guess you can
say that I am the oldest."

“Bubbles Nixon winks. lets out another
laugh. and before sou know it. Albany‘s
piano titan is entertaining them once
again.

    

5%.

 

The primary concern of Telethon he always been |0 bonellt

the children from Wildwood School, and this year Is no
dltlerent. (Photo: Tony Tassorottl)

sales. and the student-faculty basketball
game. According to gimmicks co-chair
Sue Yellon, all are run by her committee.
The gimmicks committee. according to
Yelloii. is “telethon tip until the main
event."

Needless to say. all ofthesc events must
be made knowri to the public. The word is
spread primarily by the publicity. and off—
campus relations committees. The
publicity committee was responsible for
taking out advertisements. designing the
posters and t-shirts. htit this yeiir. off-
campus relations had an increased role.
This group was fiiced with the
responsibility of making the community-

pom ofthe event. through news

'l'eleases. information centers iit local

shopping malls. as well as TV iiitd radio
advertisements (including one public
service advertisement. which was
broadcast over WNEW in New York).
Why is it all done? Without failure. all
who were risked responded to this
question itleiiticully. “For the children."
it should be easy to see. then. why the
children's hour is considered the most
important portion of the telethon
weekend. During this period of time

([0200-2200 Saturday afternoon). with
this year‘s telethon theme “Through the
[Eyes of a Child" in mind. the campus
center ballroom will be decorated as it
toyltind; ii bigger than life my fantasy
world. complete with a giant humanjitck-
in-thc-box. in a carnival atmosphere. the
children will be treated to an'ufternoon
tiedicated totally to them. They will enjoy
crafts. games. sottgs, magic. and lunch
cotirtesy of McDonald‘s. Children's hour
err-coordinator l’tit Dowse informed me
that the event is open tiitd free to all
children. btit that the guests of honor
would. of course. be the Wildwood
ehildrcti.

livery person that I spoke to tilt the
subj :ct told me that they ltud several years
of t lethon experience behind them. or
that 'licy intended to work on telctlton
rig: .I . What kept them coming back'l“lt‘s
the (ill: event that pulls the school
tog her. and with so mtiny things being
scifroriented. it is good to direct your
energy where it might benefit others."
said publicity's lvy l’eltz.

This is the weekend. so come. enjoy.
and take part.

 

 

.ézztiaz exam“ he!“

