    

r

 

 

WORM-Capsules

Enlistments Up, But Not Much

 

(AP) Armed forces recruiters said Wednesday there has
been no general rush to join the U.S. military since the Ira-
nian crisis began. but many Array and Marine stations
report enlistments up and some attribute the gain to the
tensions. Other recruiters checked in an Associated Press
survey report they are getting more inquiries about military
service and that many of the calls are from older men than
usual and even from some veterans. “There’s kind of a
patriotic atmosphere in both Connecticut and western
Massachusetts,” said Marine Corps Maj. David Andriacee,
one of the few recruiters to ﬂatly attribute a rise in
enlistments to the Iran crisis. Andiracee said he expected 80
enlistments this month, compared to 50 for November in
1978. But recruiters for the Army, Navy and Air Force in
Connecticut reported no increases in enlistments or in-
quiries since Iranian militants overran the U.S. Embassy in
Tehran and took American employees hostage. Jack
Nuhlenbeck of the U.S. Army Recruiting Command at
Fort Sheridan, "1., said “We have not observed any in-
crease attributable to the Iranian crisis." He said
enlistments nationwide for the Army were averaging about
3,500 a week, as they have for about a year. John McCord.
a spokesman for the Army recruiting center in Atlanta. said
he is getting eight to 10 calls a week from people saying they
would be willing to serve ifneeded irt iran. He said most of
the inquiries were from older men and college students.
“I've never seen the people so together on any issue since
World War II," he said. In Salt Lake City, Navy Petty Of-
ﬁcer 2nd Class Bill Childs attributed three rc-cnlistments to
the crisis. Many former Navy men eventually sign up
anyway, lte said, bttt “this was just sort of the catalyst.”

Antarctic Plane Crash Kills 25 7

CHRISTCHURCH, New Zealund (Al’) The New Zealand
airliner that carried 257 persons to their deatlts in tire Att-
tarctic was on the wrong side of the volcano it hit, attd tlte
pilot apparently was to blame, tire director of the recovery
operation said today. “It would seem there has been a
substantial error in navigation by the pilot.” said Roy
Thomson. chief of the Antarctic division of New Zealand's
Department of Scientiﬁc and Industrial Reasearch. “Tire
plane was basically on the wrong side of the mountain. It
crashed on the northeast side of Mount Erebus. It should
have been passing the mountain on the northwest side."
The DC-IO was on a sight-seeing trip along the Antarctic
Coast when it crashed Wednesday, killing all aboard, in-
cluding 21 Americans. Thomson said he could almost cer-
tainly rule out the possibility of structural or mechatrical
failure. “In my opinion the plane was certainly in the
wrong place to come down so low," Thontson, one of tire
country's foremost authorities on the Antarctic, told
reporters in Auckland before leaving to head up operations
to try to recover the bodies. It was the third fatal DC-IO
crash this year, and the fourth largest death toll in aviation
history. Treacherous winds. snow and sub-zero
temperatures were delaying the recovery of bodies frortt the
crash site. Thirty~knot winds whipped snow and updrafts
around the volcano. arid the wind chill fttctor was 35 below.

Telescopic Sight - A Bionic Man

BUFFALO, N.Y.(AP) A 29-year-old Canadian sign
painter, blind for a year front art allergic reaction to
penicillin and aspirin, counted out the fingers on his doc-
tor's hands in a Rocltester hospital a day after a tiny
telescope was implanted in one eye. Martin Ramsay. of
Scarborough, Ontario. had the pencil-thick plastic
telescope implanted itr his right eye during 7 and one-half
hours of relatively rare surgery Tuesday by a team of doc-
tors led by Park Ridge Hospital citief surgeon Jtttttcs
Aquavella. Late Wednesday afternoon, a day of suspense
ended for Ramsay, his wife. three citildrctt and countless
Canadian attd American well-wishcrs, when Aquavelltt
removed the bandages. "I went in to see him," the doctor
told the Associated Press itt a telephotte interview. “He was
sitting up in bed with the lights out. I removed the bandages
and all of a sudden, he saw a flaslt of light. He was very
light settsitivc, which, of course, I was delighted to see."
Aquavella said. Ramsay, the father of three childrctt who
until last year operated his own btrsittess, went blind after
taking penicillin for a minor ear infection and aspirin for a
subsequent lever.

A Tale Of White House Racism

WASHINGTON (AP) The story told ltow Jimmy Carter's
chief black adviser, Louis Martin, was snubbed by the New
York Times and how the White House cltose to ignore the
slight. In the words ola prominent black journalist, the in-
cident “mirrored the ugliness of the coming battle between

ﬁnalists:

W

the president and Sen. Ted Kennedy.” It is a gripping tale.
The only problem is that it never happened. The facts: On
Nov. 6 the New York Times ran a front-page feature story
on Carter's daily routine. It was written by reporter Ter—
rence Smith. whom Carter had allowed to attend meeting
of his innermost circle of advisers for the purpose of
gathering material for the story. The trouble began with the
photograph the Times ran to illustrate the story. It pictured
Carter, his back to the camera. sitting in the oval office
speaking to six of his top aides, who were drawn up in a -
semicircle facing him. Also in the picture appeared a
mysterious ﬁgure seated between White House efficiency
expert Alonzo C. McDonald Jr. and domestic policy chief
Stuart Eizenstat. The Times had toned down one image.
But who was it? Jet magazine's Washington bureau chief
Simeon Booker thought he recognized the figure and was
outraged. “It looked so much like Louis." Booker said in a
telephone interview, much later. So he wrote a scathing
piece in the Nov. 29 issue of Jet. a magazine aimed chiefly
at a black audience. stating ﬂatly that the mystery ﬁgure
was Louis Martin. Booker even quoted Martin as saying he
was at the tnecting and was bewildered by the whole affair.
Bookcr's magazine account continued: “Aides in Jody _
Powell‘s White House press office hadn’t noticed the snub
to their only black special assistant . . . The slight was un-
protcsted even from the White House." But the figure was
not Martin at all. Fellow Wltitc House reporters had in-
statttly recognized the “blob” as correspondent Smith, the
man who wrote the story and who was sitting itt the
meeting.

John Paul” Visits Turkey

ISTANIilll.,TURKEY (AI’) Pope John Paul II of the
Roman Catholic Clturch embraced attd kissed Patriarch
Demetrius I of the Eastern Orthodox Chttreb today as the
leaders of Christianity‘s two largest branches symbolically
launched their dialogue to end more than nine centuries of
division. The Roman Catholic pontiff also embraced artd
kissed Armenian Patriarch Snork Khaludjan shortly after
arriving at Istanbul‘s airport from Ankara on the second
day of his ecumenical visit to. Turkey. John Paul's plane
landed in Istanbul, Christianity's former Eastern capital.
uttder a bright sun breaking through scattered clouds:
Turkish and Christian religious ofﬁcials were on hand to
greet the pontiff on the airport tarmac. Before leaving
Ankara, the pontiff told a gathering of Catholics at a
church in the Italian Embassy complex that Islam and
Christianity trtttst promote solidarity. adding that “this is a
necessity of our age and an order of God." The pope said
that Islam is a monotheistic religion, recognizes Jesus as a
true prophet and venerates the Virgin Mary.

Nuke Dumps To Reopen

(Al’) One of the nation's three low-level radioactive waste
dutttps was reopcrtcd Wednesday and another was ordered
to reopen soon, both closed because of concerns about
safety. The nuclear waste dump at Hanfford, Wash.. was
rcopetrcd after being closed for six weeks. state Etrcrgy
Director Jack Wood said. The Nevada Board of Health
voted Wednesday to reopen a dump near the desert town of
Beauty. The panel titled that permanent closure of the
Nuclear Engineering Co. Ittc. dttmp was not warranted. 0f-
ficials said the dtttttp could reopen itt a few days.
Washington (iov. Dixy Lee Ray had ordered the Hartford
durtrp closed after inspectors fourtd improperly packaged
radioactive materials and that some radioactive tttntcrial
was being ittutlcd itt unsafe trtrcks. Wood said the dtttttp
was reopcttcd after the operator, Nuclear Engineering Co.,
agreed to accept only materials approved for disposal itt the
dtrrttp and arrangements were made for the Stttte Patrol to
clteck trucks ltcttdcd for the dtrtnp.

Democratic Blunder Costs Party

SYRACUSE, NY. (AP) When Mayor Lee Alexander left
town to attend a conference itt Las Vegas his Democratic
Party was itt firrtt control of the city's Common Council.
Brit while he was gone the Democrats committed rt series of
blunders that may have turrted control of the cottncil to the
Republicans. The problcnts started Monday when the
council elected Democrat Armand Magnarelli president of
the body, it prorttotiott which required him to relinquish
his council seat to accept the. nottvoting position. Duritrg
the Itctttcd debate on electing a new council president,
Democrat Joyce Ross scribbled her rcsigttution on a piece
of paper ttnd walked ottt of the council chambers. When it
was ttll over, tltc Republicans were claiming they had a 4-3
plurality attd the power to fill the two vacancies. Ross Itad
only a month left on her term, but Magnttrclli's successor
would serve rt year ttntil the next election.

 

j

 

Anourvd Campus
Truth-In- Testing Rally

Angry about SATs? Fed up with those standardized
tests? Well, join a statewide demonstration on Saturday.
December 1 to support the newly enacted Truth-in-Testing
law. 7
Sponsored by NYPIRG. SASU, the United States Stu-
dent Association, the Independent Student Coalition, and
the American Medical Students Association, the
demonstration will be held outside the main entrance of the
Albany High School at 11:30 a.m.

NYPIRG Communication Committee Chair Leslie
Haber said. “This demonstration is in response to threats
by some testing companies to raise test fees, withdraw cer-
tain tests from the state, and scuttle the new law. These
threats make hostages of the 360,000 New Yorkers who
usually take these tests. Students have a right to review their
test questions and answers, and to know how these tests are
scored and used. We want to let the Governor, Legislature,
and testing companies know that citizens across tltc state
support Truth-in-Testing."

The Truth-in-Tcsting law requires testing companies,
which develop‘ or administer tests. to provide students,
'- upon rcqttcst, with a copy of test questions, studettts’
answers and correct answers. In additiott, companies tttttst
explain scores and how they will be reported. All studies of
test validity mtrst also be disclosed.

SA Election Guidelines Set

Central Council passed a bill Weditesday night which will
put restrictions on SA election campaigns.

The Election Reform Act of 1979, proposed by SA Inter.
nal Affairs member Bill Papc, sets campaign guidelines for
candidates. Sections of the Elections Regulations Act have
been amended.

The reforms state that campaign posters mttst be placed
in designated areas only, with the Election Commissioner
further deciding tirosc pillars on which the materials may he
placed.

In addition.Quad Board Coordinators will be left to
accrue where campaign materials should be placed on
quads.

Campaigning will be limited to a period of tittcc weeks
after nominations are closed. No candidates will be allowed
to use professionally produced campaign materials.

The bill also states students vandalizing campaign
materials will be referred to judicial committees.

Atm. Chair Dies From Illness

SUNYA Atmospheric Science Department Cltair Dr.
Narayan R. Gokltalc, 54, died Friday after u long illness. I

Gokhale, a native of Bombay, India, was internationally
known as art expert in hail storms and cloud physics. He
was the author of Hail Storms and Hall Storm Growth.

He joined the SUNYA Atmospheric Science Departntettt
itt 1961 and became the department chairman in 1968.

He is survived by his wife. Sunnnda, and their two
cltildrcn itt Niskayuna.

Memorial services will be Sunday at 2:30 pm. at the
Citapcl House.

Photo Contest Is A Success

Well, camera fans. the First Annual SUNYA Photo Cort-
test was a success. According to Contest Coordinator Casey
Fernandez, the event was pretty popular and, he added, the
winners thought so too. .

Richard Sehwenbcrg, with his black and white print of
the campus portd, uttd Harold Lohrtcr, with his trrtiqttc shot
of an American flag-bearing nstronatrt standing itt frottt of
a qttad. were each tltc winners of a $75 gift certificate from
Colonlc's Bern‘s Camera.

Stte Edgar, Jeff Bittckhorrt, and John Wirteland were the
second place winners of $40 each in gift certificates. 'I‘chty
dollttrs itt certificates will go to third place winners Gordon

Goryicki, Mike Prtttqson, Petcr Kapltut, and David
Scitacltttcr.

Titerc were eight honorable mentions who will receive
$10 each itt certificates.

The winning pictures are being displayed ott'the libt'urY'S
Red Carpet Lounge. All winners cart pick up their prizes itr
Bern's Camera after December It).

Fernandez sttid the contest will be held again next year.‘

Holiday Sing Date Change

Olt. just a reminder gang. Holiday Sing, that annual

 

 

 

 

 

tttlettt evcttt. will be held on December 13 rather titutt
@ccember 2. .

 

 

The Data Last

ost" Zeall

"Kneelzéd On 5 WA"; Door

 

The Gauntlet Has Been Thrown

by Richard Behar
"The shit is comittg down."

The phrase needn‘t be explained

Wednesday. The words were
reiterated by many fervent students
all the day long. They ccltoed past
tltc podium pillars attd flowed
wayward tltrotrglt a stone-cold cartr-
pus

g, NEW? F€f1TUR€

H

High fevers were first brewing
when ‘60'5 activist Jerry Rubin
visited SUNYA Tuesday ttigltt attd
told a large. frustrated segment of
the crowd to “quit bitcitirtg and do
something.” His speech sparked
close to 30 students to meet after
the lecture to discuss university bitt-
dirtgs attd how tltcy could cltttttttcl
their active zeal.

A sit-in was scheduled for the
next morning outside the littllcll
bookstore. “It's just the first place;
we have to start sorttcwlterc," stud
freshman ’l'om (irenlcnf, one of the
demonstration organi/crs. Attd tltttt
saute cvcutttg. si.\ students, led by
Albany Student Union (‘ltttir
.lctctny (.‘ttrlsott, decided to occupy
the campus center and keep open
through tltc crttirc night. “If we had
none ltottrc, it might have died out.
lly slaying, we knew we'd be hct‘c
tomorrow," said (irccttlcttl'.

'l‘hct'c appeared to be little. if
any, confrontation witlt university
police or administrators us to keep-
ing the center open. One student
said he had asked a security officer
not to lock tltc doors. "We told ltittt
we ltud it under control."

So the half dozen activists busily
organized the sit-in attd wrote ottt
demand lists artd press releases
titrough the wee Itours of tire
November morning.

Ily two the next afternoon, over

 

 

50 students were compressed on the
small floor area adjacent to the
lbookstorc. Placards reading
"Rip-offs must end." "Students
unite," and “Don't btty books
front crooks" httng high above the
ctttrartce doors. Students were sing.
ing, chanting. and ready while
Carlson spoke to the crowd.

"This is the beginning of
something strong and big. We've
been ignored up urttil ttow. We have
a bookstore here which is ttot going
to meet the needs of the students
attd we're going to change that. It's
ottr building and we‘re gonna rtrn
it."

Wltilc student reprcsctttatitcs and
bookstore officials negotiated
issues itt a closed meeting irt back of
the store. tlte tttob of protesters
outside repented their threats to
“rush the bookstore" and occupy it
until their demands were met.

After tr fctv trttcvcrrtftrl hours,
.ltttticc line. one of tire negotiators.
joirtctl tltc students to share the
results. “You guys are hot shit »—-
tltct'rc really scared and are doing
things Ihcy‘tc never done before.
It's a historical moment."

“’lltcsc pcoplc ll‘tl\L‘ egg lllltl its
all over tltcit I'ttccs. \\'c'\‘c rlottc
lllttl'L‘ itt llll‘t‘t‘ hours than has been
done lit 3 _\’L'llt'\.”

Most of their thllltIlltl\ wctc rttct.

It ttppctrrcd to most that IlIL'
bookstore tttantlgcmcnt pttt up u
very weak fight itt maintaining their
policics and high prices. Manager
Gary Dean kept tltc storc open after
hours for fear of occttptttiott of tire
store by tile students attd within tr
few hours had given the group more
than wltat they originallyuskcd for.

Dean was shocked at the noun»
trounced student rally.

"i was kind of surprised, bang.
just like that.” said Dean.

The speediness of he entire affair
alsoTIehgmany pill ents cynical of
- the store’s operations. Instant con
cessions on their part can support
the belief that the store actually
acknowledged making inordinate
profits at the expense of students.

When the heated protest came to
a close, tired. yet content studettts
dispersed throughout the building.
Some talked to each other about
itow it was only the beginning. how
“we had to tnovc on to other
issues." One boy screamed at the
top of his lungs,“Thc revoltrtiort
has begunl", banged his ﬁsts
against the center's front door and
bounded out towards the podium.
An outspoken activist named
Httbcrt Dickey was yelling in the
main lounge for the U.S. tokeepit’s
“hands off Iran" as students slowly
gathered into the ballroom for a
discussion sponsored by the Young
Socialist Alliance. Another protest
was in the making.

 

Matilde Zintmermann. tltc
Socialist workers vice president catt-
dldﬂle- Education professor Jim
McClellan and about tcrt others
were seated by a lortg table itt front
of the roottt. behind a poster that

   

4. .
Socialists joined arms as

L».

  

 ...... .N............,__,M-

 

'Police.

in Albany.

Albany Police.

We'll all miss hint." he said.

 

  
Are Killed In Car Accident

.TWo 19-year-old men were killed in an automobile accident in the
Ptne Hills aka early Saturday morning, according to City of Albany

SUNYA basketball player Jack Carmody, a sophomore from .' t
Voorhecsville, and his friend Roger Nachbar of Slingerlands, were
killed at approximately 2:40 am. when their car was struck by an on-
cottring car at the intersection of Route 155 and Washington Avenue
Extension. Nachbar was the driver of the vehicle. police said.

' The two were pronounced dead on arrival at St. Peter‘s Hospital

The driver of the second car. David J. Kershaw, has been charged
wrth driving while intoxicated and criminally negligent honticide by

Carrnody. a tncntber of the iuttior varsitv basketball team. was a
good prospect for the SUNYA varsity learn. according to Coach
Steve Kapp. “I heard about it Sunday evening and was shocked. It
was unexpected and very tragrc. He was one of our best players.

Neither Carmody's nor Nachbar's fantin could be reached for
comment.

.m—c

 

~by Mike Fried J

 

read “Hands off Iratt, Send Back
tltc Shah, and Stop the Deporta-
tion." A quiet. reserved audience of
75-100 sat itt mild anticipation of
the discussiott's onset.

Boottt. Over 100 irate and ultra-

7'Itt' t‘lIIH/ltm' center was with actit'tlrnt tl/I (lay and night ll’ednmday.

Dorm Drinking Rule Revised, Again

by Ron Levy

A new set of guidelincs regulating
alcohol usage on campus was crt-
dot'scd by the Sttrdctrt Affairs
C )IiIlCll (SAC) on Tuesday.
Drafted by Dcatt of Student Affairs
Neil Brown, the guidelines do not
set limitations on alcohol quantities

 

   

A new and final drinking policy has been pussed.

allowed at dorm parties.
According to SAC chair Mark
Lafayette. party organizers may be
held responsible for damage incur-
red by “irtcbriated partyers."
Organizers will be held responsi-
ble for damages if the vandal can—
not be found. Billing will be handl-

    

Par/1' organize/1t will he ltt'ltl responsible for (Ittltttlgc

NOVEMBER 30, 197‘)

  

cd itt the satttc manner as room
damage claims. "I don't anticipate
arty problertts. Students should be
responsible for the area they are us—
ing,” said Director of Residences
John Welty.

The new policy marks tltc third
major reform designed to reduce
vandalism resulting from excessive
drinking.

The first policy litttitcd alcohol

quantity per person wltilc the sc-
cond rtrlc. currently itt effect, deter-
mines alcohol rcstrictions based on
room occupancy limits.

According to the new guidelines,
party organizers will be required to
file a “special function form" with
their dorm director. Party coor-
dinators will be required to describe
ltow tltcy will verify legal drinking
age. Tire forttt also rcqttircs
adherence to Albany City occupan-
cy restrictions.

In addition, organizers tttttst not
serve liquor to intoxicated persons.
must provide approximate amounts
of alcohol to be served. and must
formulate ways to litttit alcohol

 

patriotic students crashed through
the room‘s doors and nrillcd about
itt the background. Within
tnonrcnts tltcy broke ittto na-
tiottalistic chants, waved American

continued on page jive

 
 

   

Pita/o: SII/lll .S'It't'ltkmnp

abuse and vandalism. Directors
may accept or reject these applica-
tions. Appeals may be made to
quad coordinators if applications
are rejected.

Lafayette said this_arrangcment
could be “unfair,”since quad coor-
dinators and directors “work so
closely together." He is currently
working on an alternate plan to
alleviate this problem.

According to Lafayette. there
was little student input in the mak-
ing of the other policies. Though
the SAC had no strict regulatory
powers. it worked with Brown artd
Welty itt fortttulating the new plan.

Holiday Bus Debacle Strands Many

by Karen It'icn

SUNYA hottttd students from
New York City turd Long Island
waited up to fottt anti a half hours
Sunday for churtct'cd buses that
failed to arrive on schedule.

Two of four litISC‘t scheduled to
leave (‘urlc Place. I otrg Island at it
p.ttt did ttot depart until 9:30 p.m..
while the otltcr two buses lcuvittg
Port Authority departed two and a
ltulf hours later than scheduler].

Ilusincss Administration liratct'»
nity Delta Sigma Pi sponsored the
sales of $17 and $13 chartered bus
tickets to Queens. Yonkers,
Brooklyn. Carle Place and the Port
Authority.

According to Delta Sigma Pi
'l'rcatsurcr Iiruce l’ulzcr. who handle

ed the bus at't'ttgcmcnts,
“Greyhound (buslinc) booked 44
more buses than they had available.
iivcn if buses were borrowed from
ttlllL‘I‘ stations, tltcrc was only
enough manpower for fifty."

He added bus drivers did trot stop
at Alttrtttti ()uttd or the Wellington
llotcl trpott arriving irt Albany, for-
cing hItIthlIiN to seek alternative
means of transportation to thc
(lUWlll0\\'ll ill'L‘il.

A similar prohlcttt with bin
schedules occurred durirtg tltc
Jewish holiday itt Septetttl‘tcr. Delta
.Sigma Pi apologized for tire in-
convenience itt a letter to the ASI’
turd promised to rectify the situa-
tiotr.

l’ulzct' said, “Greyhound \vus

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

called and directions for destina-
lions itt Albany were explained itt
detail."

l‘llllL‘l‘lIllf.’ l’rcsidcttt Nancy
llughcs stud. “'lhc drivers should
have had directions for the three
stops itt Albany." Hughes added.
“We will look for another bus com-
prtny for thc chartered bus ur—
ruttgctncttts for the winter break in
I-'cbt‘uttrv. Thcrc hate been too
many pt'oblcttv. with Greyhound."

A 75 pct'ccnt refund for one way
(“uric I’lttcc tickets and a 50 percent
refund for one \Illy Port Authority
and llrooklytt tickets will be offered
to students. A fttll one—way refund
will be given to students who
bought new tickets to avoid the
delay

PAGE THREE

 

 

 

 

