W...

a.--....,_..-_..

 

 

.«s.. .. a. » - I

PAN —,—- CARIBBEAN
ASSOC

‘3'“"""5"""-U-v5-.'.-..............' .

 

V * "Once again.
Delta Sigma Pi

_ has invited
the creator of the

QNY

advertising campaign

V Jim Gallant

toAlbanv. He will be

speaking at 8PM

on TUES SEPT 13
in LC '23

Election Meeting

Thur.9 Sept., 20th
8:30 pm, SHARP! 9
LG—3 
All Interested Welcome 

 

———_—————-—-————————_..

P'C'A' will be collecting donations in
the Campus Center lobbv all this week. These
donations are to be sent to the hurricane struck
island of Dominica for the purchase (if medical

SIIWllﬁ.

 

 

 

(this caress; ﬁin t

11 thr

 

 

The
Rock
Roaches

l'cnl "ring" tllc stl of rack

 

5:».- L; remap
5.“. |'\_' . ...r

Denm- Br‘m‘u.‘

Era-m I‘-.‘.\ .1-

~‘ M. Sat. 19 in in 5 d 1:!0 pin dim AWE“, gorge?“

oscwrrvswmmans
AuYOURPOPULAnBRANmoracER/wom

“Whﬂhvﬂbm mmmgma
NEW YORK STYLE nor sum-2a mvoam BUBBUNG HOMEMADE
. SOFT PRETms
'Dngu: “who W N Fifi???" m3...”

all
“may

ﬁll this Oilium‘brui night at lltt Bub

minimum), ﬁcptrmbrr 20
6 am. ~12:30 am.

'tluturrnttu Aiixtttntu l‘mitrra minimum

lil \lNNH ll 4“.

 

 

 

 

/
W'I‘Mnmws ..., wt“. ,.

 

.Hr

' "' ““Mwsw w»......"‘~h"'l‘ it"er

  

..v\ v.15

 

.M nu-ﬁ’e'lvldlﬁ"

" ‘l 2”” 'l'li'z‘: ' '73:;‘aira‘za‘f’

 

 

 

"One for the money.

two for the show

three to get ready

and four to go . . . "

The orange polka band played. Evening
dusk penetrated the Albany air Sunday night;
as dirty fountain water sprayed and sparkled
off the over-bright. glaring spotlights at the
Empire State Plaza. A farmer in a plaid shirt,
clutching a small Kodak camera. ambled
slowly, followed by his oversized wile,
clothed in a bright red tent dress and a blue
and while polka-dot kerchief knotted tightly

Adrienne McCann

An elderly man jogged about the pavement
in circles, his Adidas sneakers slapping
against the sidewalk cement. And blue shorts,
and a white and blue shirtfront decorated with
red striped sleeves flashed by.

The band went on to disco, which sounded
like a barely disguised polka. (Every selection
sounded like barely disguised polka.) And a
woman began discoing down the sidewalk.
Her husband, walking nonchalantly a few feet
ahead of her with another couple, turned
around and with a quick jerk of his head.
motioned for her to catch up. And the woman
obliviously discocd on.

A young, blond haired man, wire rimmed
glasses framing his round lace. wore a
Playboy bunny insignia on his red polyester
shirt. He walked briskly into the Convention
Hall at the Empire State Plaza. unknowingly
the leader of a small-but-growing crowd of
followers. The group shuffled single file into
the Convention Hall and quietly found seats
amongst the black plastic chairs.

Chair of the Board olTrustees of the Great
American Achievement Program (GAAP).
Robert McKenna spoke on the Bicentennial:

"Declaring independence was not enough.
We had to win independence. We are now
celebrating the US. Constitution." he said to
the settled-in group.

The Great American Achievement
Program, which began in 1976. is held
annually in one of the 13 original states,
focusing on one of 13 different topics.
Sponsoer by the Bicentennial Council of the
Thirteen Original States Fund. lnc., the

 

conferences will culminate in 1989. This
year's program, entitled “Of. By. and For the
People." was held in Saratoga Springs and
Albany.

"The Bicentennial is only a beginning."
McKenna said.

Benny Harris and his orchestra played jazz
and blues selections. Dada duhda-da da. . .
And the press woman in the next seat tapped
her foot in time to the jiggling beat. her knee
pumping up, down and up. and the jazz
soothed on . . . The crowd relaxed and
applauded politely when the musical interlude
was over.

President of the Boy's State Nation. a
youth league of the American Legion for 1979.
Frank DiSienna. Clifton Park boy made good,
was introduced. The tall, dark-haired bearded
high-school senior smiled. composed. “l'm
pretending that all of you paid for your tickets
to hear me," he told the group. The group
littered. But then DiSienna got onto the hard
stuff. "It is simply not enough to say ‘l'm an
Americand There are responsibilities that go
along with it."he lectured. “We've got to learn
to take the good with the bad,"

A slimly built woman in the back of the Hall
fanned herself slowly with a printed-out copy
of the evening's program, and stifled a yawn.

“We've got to vote," he stressed. “Amer ica
is not only a word. it is a dream . . . America
is the land of honey , . .lt is the land where an
immigrant farmer can become anything he
wants to be!”

DiSienna concluded that we were lucky not
to be in the U.S.S.R..'where, after such a
speech. he could be arrested by the secret
police. “Or where you would be prevented
from coming!”

More polite applause. And more yawns.

But then Art Buchwald crossed the podium
to the microphone, The crowd came to life.

"it is 9:35, ladies and gentlemen. Do you
know where Margaret Truman is?"

Art Buchwald. He bounced ashe joked and
grinned mischieviously when the audience
laughed.

"Despite what you may have heard, lhave
great respect for Jimmy Cartuh. lworship the
very quicksand he walks on . . . Carter was
not the first president to try the fireside chat.
Jerry Ford tried it —~ but the fire went out

.... .i........,t.......

 

As he read from the large, white index on
the podium stand. his right hand quickly
pushed his thick glasses, which kept slipping
off his nose, back on.

. . . The President. i feel sorry for him.
He's having all sorts of problems now;
running problems. Ham problems. rabbit
problems. . . "

As he rambled on, it was sometimes
difficult to Iunderstand his slow, Brooklyn~
accented lisp. But that didn't. that couldn't
prevent his listeners from thoroughly
enjoying him . . .

A man in the front row wiped his eyes with a
green hanky, sat back in his plastic chair and
sighed.

Buchwald discovered a solution to the
saccharin problem. "They've got to develop a
stronger rat." And he talked about Henry
Kissinger. “Even if Henry didn't tell the truth

 he said it sowellyoudidn't care. . . "And
President Carter's killer rabbit incident
particularly bothered Buchwald. “It was the
first time that the President of the US. was
not believed by his own staff. and that
disturbs me. it also says something about
President Carter's stall."

And the group murmured their agreement.

Hall of Buchwald‘s humor Sunday night
was contained in his voice; his precise timing,
speakinglor-themselves pauses and the
sharp rise in his whiney voice.

"i get this stuff from the front page of the
newspapers." he pleaded. "Honestly, folks. l
couldn't m— i couldn’t ever make this stuff up."

Buchwald stepped off the podium to
thunderous applause. The crowd quickly
began dwindling. And Benny Harris's
orchestra. accompanied by Washington
singer Churlyn Hart, ended the evening with
"God Bless America."

Carolyn Has Springs From Darkness

 

" u Carolyne Mas headlined at J.B. Scott's on

Wednesday in a performance that may have
been the calling card of stardom. Her Rock-
Rhythm and Blues combination draws its
styles admittedly from Bruce Springsteen and
Bill Chinook yet retains its own special
femininity. Her lyrics are streetwise ballads
and hardened rockers mixed with

' surprisingly unpretentious songs ‘of love. Mas

has a firm grip on both her hand and the
audience that mark her as a very special
talent.

k

Ron Levy

First. the album." OK, i admit it.
Occasionally i listen to AM radio. lt'sjust too
bad that Carolyne’s first production'hasn't
been discovered by many FM stations yet.
“Stillsane” is her current single on the charts.
‘lt is a catchy tune with a great supporting
saxophone by Chrispin Cioe. Remember
Clarence Clemmons? This guy's on his way.
“Sadie Says" is a look into Ms. Mas's time of
growing up. She began singing at 11 and three
years later she was lending her own bansz on
the High School party circuit. She did manage
to graduate from Syossel High but decided to
enter a musical career instead of continuing

 

her formal education.

Side one finishes with a rocking love song
sandwiched between two slow movers. “lt's
No Secret" is a tribiite to her husband and her
music. She loves them both and plans to keep
them both, " . . . and baby, there‘s no
.rugrct." “Snow” and “Call Me (Crazy Too)"
are used more to set the scene for “it's No
Secret" lliﬂll‘lﬂ convey a message. in that

ALBANY

STUDENT

-capacity. they work well.

The second half of the album begins with
two fun tunes titled “Quote Goodbye Quote"
and “Never Two Without Three." The
farmer's lyrics bring back memories_ of
"Charlie on the MTA" never returning home.
Mas sang this one at J.B. Scott's with guitarist
Dave Landau (Jon's brother) answering in a
baritone accompaniment. Cioe's staccato
sax is accented both on the album and in live
performance by this song. I forgot 'to mention
that Meatloaf may have made his influence
known upon this record. The style of"Never
Two Without Three" resurrects many a

' vision of paradise by the dashboard light.

"Sittin' in the Dark" is the last notable song
on the record and the first that Mas performs
in her show. She showed great faith in her
band by leaving the stage so early in the show
to allow them to show their stuff in a five
minute jam. The only apparent weakness was
drummer Bob Chounierd who lacked the
lustre a group like this deserves.

The opening act was a local band tagged .

Monarch. Immediately that name spurs
thoughts of invokingthe Magna Carta. Their
style appeared to be imitating Boston insofar
as‘a dependence on a strong lead guitar. high
pitched vocals and a lot of gymnastics on
stage to compensate for an obnoxious bass

'and a lack of quality in their original material.

Oh. i get it. My friend Bruce just explained
that they're here to push the Wednesday
Budleor-iﬁl .50 deal. We all want to take just
a moment to wish Monarch's lead singer good
luck with his laryngitis and hope that be is up
to par soon.

Forty-five minutes of milling around while

PRESS

the roadies set up and then the fun begins.
Carolyne Mas is in the middle of a long.
concentrated tour and one might wonder if
the travelling is taking its toll. it isn’t. She
comes out with all the power and control ofa
sixth album superstar. She is not tall. maybe
5‘4", yet she covers the length and depth of

,.tlie stage as if it were her living room.

Carolyne is excited about what she is doing.
She is constantly playing to her audience.
rarely breaking eye contact except to clown
with Dave Landau or lie down in a farce of
false seduction. There is a wellv rehearsed
continuity between songs that sustains her
motif of a streetwise kid not quite matured.
She talks with us, games with us as if she has
something secret we want to find out about.
Mas is the girl that went downtown everyday.
Pissed aWay her pay, and yet she made it out
alright.

Talking with Carolyne and the band after
the show two things become quickly evident.
The first is these people are nearly strangers
to each other. Landau, bass player Elias. and
Chounierd entered Mas' sphere from
different paths only last January. Landau had .
last played in the Albany area at the turn of
the year as a guitarist with Rick Derringer and
the Destroyers. Bob Chounierd had played
drums for Robert Gordon and Chris Cioe.
who didn't joln up until shortly before their
first recording session in May. had played
with a number of renowned rock and R&B‘5
bands. These aren‘t lriends who've played
together for years and grown to know each
others’ strengths and weaknesses; they're.
aspiring hybrids — only time will tell if they're

' comlnued on page fifteen

PAGE NINE

....4...,» u,v»..

Art Buchwald Falls m“. The our

        

 

 a: .. . ,

v. a;

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

