l
n
a
.3

’ to an end. It the current open elective ‘ . I ’
system is proving to be an effective way lor mendatrons, It Will. 0/ course, turn/sh 6

SUN YA students to get the liberal education much lulier account of the model or models ' V
then let us aflirm proposed. That fuller account, the committee advising each college and applicable school

thoughtful
suggestions derived from responses to this unit. College and school administrations and

' structed a perfectly logical taxonomy of

   
  



constituted the Special Committee on Un-

‘A. I-IIIIIIGIOIIUUIOIIIIUUI a l I I o o I o I l l I.

in August of last year President 0'Leary suggesting the advantages and‘ disadvan- beloretheml
tages of each model, 'the committee means 2. nlm l r

n . "nun-u.
- nun . a u . . . u u u u... u

s In-

 

dergraduate Education and charged it with not’only to offer respondents some points of troductor to the Disci lines

the task of reviewing previous discussions of departure for their own deliberations but also I .
to reveal .the balance and openness of its series of srx one-credit live-week colloquia

liberal education and of setting before the

Undergraduate Academic Council proposals . own mind at this point. In short, the commit-

capable of bringing our deliberations about teevwiil weigh these responses carefully.

liberal education to a decisive focus. The
members of the committee are very much in
agreement with the president's emphasis on which they are based.

liberal education. Liberal education is at the precise details of their configurations, and ‘ t r
‘the intricacies of their implementation -are paradigms. of the various disciplines.

only barely sketched in. To provide lull Classes would be small enough for
descriptions would make this a very heavy discussion, and instructors would be en-
document indeed The committee trusts couraged to share with students their own
that, at this stage, respondents can make scholarly or creative work as a way of

very heart of the university's mission. From
the common ground that it provides for us all
rise the disciplines and the prolesslons. if
that common ground is not supportive, we
all sot/smile college, school, or department
is sufficient to itsell. Rather, each is a part a
the whole.

it is time for us to bring our deliberations

they want and deserve,
that effectiveness, in debate, by testing the is
current dispensation against other possible
models of general education. it the present
system is found wanting, then let us launch
together a program which can at least begin
to reveal to us better ways of meeting the
basic educational needs of students at
SUNYA.
in the light of the foregoing, the Special
Committee on Undergraduate Education
(SCUE) earnestly desires to have your
thoughts about several modes of liberal
education wlticlr seem to it workable options or not
for SUNYA and which it is currently education component in
debating. The committee has conducted programs.
faculty and student questionnaires designed
to reveal basic attitudes about liberal
education at SUNYA, and those are proving
useiui. This memo and attached response

confident, will include

questionnaire.

choosing a structured

A. Minimum Requirement Models

about spec/Tic models. The committee plans
to conclude its deliberations by the end of
this month so that it can send its recommenv

Academic Council by early April. UAC plans

to complete action on the recommendations Consequently, the personalities of
in time to place them before the senate in professors and the difficulties of certain
late April, Consequently, the committee courses, as well as vocational and

urges all respondents to return the attached disciplinary lads. come too much into play.
Advisement. of course, offers a potential an-
tidote to uninformed choice, but only it there
is a sizeable and well trained stall at coun-
selors working within a reasonable student-

sheet as soon as possible, and in any case
by March 15. it you prefer to make an oral
response, the committee is holding open
meetings 7 to 9 pm. on March 13 in HU 354
and 2 to 4 pm. on March 16 in HU 290.
in considering the models' described
below, please take into account the Liberal Education
tot/owing. The committee is not determined
to present to UAC a single compulsory model

advisor ratio.

Finally, the committee tuily realizes that I
the models below - the assumptions ~upon propriate schools of the university, would be
their histories, the designed to give students an insight into the

f meaningful and useful judgments about the illustrating the
basic intellectual soundness and feasibility within their disciplines. The goal would be to
at the models as described. Later. when the alert students to the distinct ways in which
committee brings to UAC its linal recom—

Ttie advantage at minimum requirement
models is their appeal to students and the
sheet, in contrast, seeks to test opinion possibility they otter lorlnvoiving students in
the planning of their own liberal education.
The disadvantage is that the choices studen-
ts make may tend not to be real choices
(la/ions forward to the Undergraduate because students have not been given a
clear idea of the nature at liberal education.

This model adds only a single addition to
the present open elective system: com-

Thls model adds to the present system a
which students would select and complete

during their freshman year. These colloquia,
representing all the—colleges and the ap-

typical modes of investigation and the typical

intellectual possibilities

each discipline looks at experience.

The Dean of Undergraduate Education
would facilitate planning of the colloquia by
about the number of seminars needed in that

curricular bodies would then work with in-

All descriptions of models below proceed div/dual departments on the design and stal-
on the assumption that the student is en-
tering SUNYA as a lreshman. Obviously,
special provisions must be made for trait-
siers, out in the case of no model did this
seem to the committee an insuperable ob—
stacle, especially in view of the fact that its a connvenlent way to insure that the
recommendations may involve pilot models student's educational experience has bread-
and/or distinct tracks for students choosing 'th. Academic units lind them appealing
liberal
their degree

ling ol spec/tic colloquia best suited to
represented the disciplines within that unit.
8. Distribution Models

[Distribution models appear to be the most
popular, nationwide, at this time. They oller

because generally they leave course design
in the hands of the disciplines, where
decisions are made about the proper studies
. tor non-majors. They are relatively easy to
administer, requiring no new consortia ol
stalls or new administrative units. The
disadvantages potentially are these. Some
academic units may not have a likely sense
of the needs of non-majors. Selection of
courses may become merely mechanical - so
many courses from this or that division. Anti
the model may fail to provide students with a
clear notion ol the interconnectedness of
knowledge.
t. Distribution According to Traditional
Collegiate Divisions ,

This model assumes that the division of
studies into the traditional collegial
aggregates oi departments is at least a
rougliiy accurate taxonomy ol‘ the
disciplines. it lurtiter stipulates that liberal
education is predicated, at least minimally.

1. Minimal Sirggture Pigs an introduction to on the student’s experience with the

traditional clusters at basic methodologies
and areas 0/ knowledge. Every student
would take two courses in each 0/ the

let university-wide implementation. 0n the pletion, during the student‘s freshman year, colleges: Humanities and Fine Arts, Science

contrary, the now rather long and sometimes
lrustrating debate about liberal education at
SUN YA suggests that opinion may not
quickly crystallizearound a single, model.
Consequently, it Is quite possible that the
committee will submit to UAC more than one
model for piloting. The results of the piloting
might very well eventuate in the adoption of
~ a liberal education program containing more
than one track. The committee has designed
the response sheet in such a way as to
remind respondents that they are not casting an Age of Media and Vocational/3m
irrevocable votes lot or against university- “The Curriculum at SUN YA
wide implementation at a given model but Liberal Education Courses
are rather sharing with the committee their The Disciplines
judgments about the relative merits of The Professional Schools
several models which might be tested.
in setting tortli the models below, the
committee makes no pretense of having con—

include the lot/owing.

Medieval Origins to the Present
The History of SUN YA
'The History of Liberal Education

to the Harvard Plan (1977)

Planning One ’5 Course of Study

discrete typos, There is obvious overlap-
ping. Furtliermoro, the two spocilic‘inslan-

among a frost 0/ possibilities, many 0/ which
the committee has studied with some care.
erat the committee has tried to do, then, is
to alter a range of significantly different

“The History of the University from its

The Key Historical Documents from

Recent History: Liberal Education in

‘Setting Ono's Educational Goals and

The course stall, composed ol interested
faculty from a witio variety 0/‘(liSCl‘p/lliCS.
would meet untior the auspices of the Dean
cos of each model are obviously chosen irom of Undergraduate Studies. it would be
responsible for tito course description and
syllabus anti lor the inoriltoring oi the etlec-
tiveness with which the cottrso is meeting
the goal of making clear to students the
models which have substantial merit. In nature of the educational choices they trove

ot a course which would be entitled and Mathematics. and Social and Behavioral
something like "introduction to Liberal
Education. " The content at the course might

Sciences. One of the two courses would be a
"level one" course designed to give the
student a broad introduction to a disci line

 

 
   

Modelstor iiberal Educatio

or a cluster of disciplines. The other would
be a "level two ' ' course designed to give the
student an opportunity to study a narrower
body of work employing, perhaps, a more
specifically defined methodology. (For
example: Level One - "Modes of Perception
in the Arts"; Level Two :- The West in
American Film and Fiction. ")

The administration oi this model would
require only that the registrar record the
completion of liberal education requirements
by all students and that the three colleges
designate tor catalogue copy those courses
which lull/ll level one requirements and
those that fulfill level two requirements. it
colleges decide that courses already in place
do not offer a sufficient variety, they can
develop new liberal education offerings.
Such course development should prove
benelicial for students.

2. Distribution by Approaches to Knowledge

This model, though it does not deny the
integrity of the traditional disciplines, sub-
stitutes a dillerent order for the selection of
liberal education courses, an order deriving
less front the subject matter studied and
more lrom the ideal/anal approach involved.
Every student would take one course in each
0/ the lot/owing "realms of meaning": t)
Empirical knowledge (eg. the physical
sciences, the social sciences, etc.), 2)
Symbolic knowledge (e.g. languages,
mathematics. computer science, etc), 3)
Personal knowledge (certain courses in
psychology, rhetoric, existential philosophy.
etc), 4) Esthetic knowledge (cg. music,
visual arts, theatre, literature, etc. ), 5)
Ethical knowledge leg. certain courses in
religion, philosophy, classical studies, etc),
and t3) Synoptic knowletige (cg. history,
religion, philosophy, etc. ).

As in the case of tho traditiunai
distribution requirement, the registrar would
monitor sturiotit records lor graduation pur-
poses. Colleges aritl schools would
designate which courses would sat/sly
which requirements. initially it might be
wise to have an interdisciplinary committee
look over course syllabt to insure that tire
categories within the "realms ol
knowledge" are being etlective/y represen-
ted. And again, per/taps, these new
categories might stir colleges to consider lil-
novative course designs.

C. Core Models
Core models itave behind them the weight
of some very prestigious programs of the
past. One thinks immediately of Chicago and
Columbia. They have been liighiy valued for
the sense of the past they provide, for the
continuity of culture they convey, and for
their general intellectual rigor. They
l ' -

   

The

Special Committee
on Undergraduate Education

earnestly desires to have your thoughts
about several modes of liberal education

which seemto it workable options for
SUNYA and which it is currently debating:

 

slde their own departments. And they
require an administration which can lind ef—
fective ways of rewarding undergraduate
teaching outside the confines of instructors'
disciplines. in recent years core programs
seem to have tat/en on evil days. The
programs at Columbia and Chicago are much
attenuated. And a recent handsomely funded
core experiment at San Francisco State
(NEXA) seems to have lost momentum.

1. Core Model - Historical Approach
motion that
the most etlective way to study the influen-
tial texts of the past and present is to place
them in historical context. Two kinds of texts
would be studied: 1) primary (Plato.
Augustine, More, Adam Smith, Marx,
Freud, etc.) and 2) secondary (synthesizing
works like Auerbacli's Mimesis and
Lovejoy’s Great Chain of Being). The course
divisions would be: Non-Western, Pre—
Classical, Classical. Medieval. Renaissance,
Enlightenment, Romantic, and Modern.
Students would take six of the eight courses
during their tour years of study. The course
would be conducteti in part by background
lectures to large audiences and in part by
small discussion sections. ?

The administration of this model would
require a director of core courses and a
core course stall. Faculty with a strong in-
terest in the kinti of interdisciplinary study
leatured by ttie program would be assigned
part-time to the core stall. The director and
the staff would be responsible for the design
of the courses.

2. Core Model - Topics and issues Approach

This model works on the assumption Wt
the most etlective way to study the influen-

tial texts oi the past anti present is to bring
than) to bear on cantetttporary issues which

are perennial anti therefore have deep roots
hi the past, Sartre examples: "Science anti
Morality" (Bacon, Swill, Bentham. Huxley.
etc), "Utopia" (Plato, More, Cutler, Ski/7*
net, etc), “Poverty” (Mall/iris, Hugo,
Shaw. Fanon, etc). Students would take six
such courses during their tour years. Tito
courses would be conducted in part by
background lectures to large audiences and
iii part by small discussion sections.

Administration 0/ this model would not till-
ler signilicantly item that oi the Core Motth
- Historical Approach above.

0. Eclectic Mode/s

Eclectic models, like those at Michigan
University anti Harvard. attempt to weave
loge/tier several basic strands of liberal
education. Usually they begin with a
statement of goals, deline certain rninirnai
competency requiremertts, anti proceed to
describe a lurther liberal education ex—
perience which combines basic features ol
distribution and core’pians. The advantage
of these rootlets is the emphasis on goals,
competencies, aritl intellectual achievement
rather than on curricular packaging Tito
stutlent has many options within an over-
arching structure. Academic units, because
requirements may be met in a variety at
ways, will perhaps be stirred to wholesome
competition tor the attention ol liUli~illii/t)i$,
Tito disadvantage is that lite articulation of
such programs may hit elaborate and till-
liculi so that it is not certain that students
actually do poicoivo an intellectual Ctilittltlll‘
co in their general education.

l. L-clcctic Mot/cl Developed by Mil/Illlt'llfi
oi the Special Cornitiltteo on Undergraduate
Education.

This mot/oi has tit/co fundamental
requirements: l) a course brill/toil "/ll'
lrotluctlorr to littoral tilt/cation, " 2) t/t:liilltl—
siralion oi sovortil liillilltiil/ coriipoloiicves.
arid ll) coursework involving study in sovoral
fluids of knowledge. lot‘ a description til tlto
course “lntroductlim to liberal Education"

  

 

 

please refer to It, A, 1 above. The minimal

competencies, to be demonstrated through
satisfactory completion of certain courses or
through examination, require college level
perlormance in reading, writing, com-
potation, elementary statistics, and library
research. The course work provides for an.
introduction to the following fields:

1. The Western and Non-Western
Tradition and ‘How They illuminate the
Present

2. Moral and Ethical ldeats--Past and
Present

3. The World of Esthetic Experience

4. The impact of Science on Modern Life

5. The impact 0/ the Behavioral Sciences
on Modern Lite

6. The Impact of, Economics on Modern
Lite

The responsibility/or the administration of
this inodei would reside with UAC, which
would accompliin the loiiowing.‘ l) assist
the Dean of Undergraduate Studies in the
development of the course entitled “in-
treduction to Liberal Education. " 2) oversee
the development of course work anti
examinations to be used by students in
demonstrating their proficiency in the
various minimal competencies. anti 3) work
closely with schools and colleges to insure
that there is an adequate ollcring of courses
covering the six requlstte fields of
knowledge.

2. Eclectic Motiel - Developed at Harvard
University

—Tiiis—-modol has two ‘ fundamental
requirements: l) demonstration at corri—
petency in English composition and in basic
mathematics anti 2) course work involving
study in a variety ol holds, The lieltls
required by the Harvard Plan are as follows:

Literature

Fine Arts

Contexts 0/ Culture {period courses, or»
list/c movements, otc. )

History (one course oriented lit the present
world, another temporally distant)

Social Analysis

Philosophical Analysis

Physical Scroncc

Biological anti Behavioral Sctcnce

Foreign Language and/or Culture

 

Tito program described by this model
would be administered by a "Slant/trig
Committee oil the Core Program " with sub-
committees responsiblo tor the basic com—
petency require/trellis and for tour groupings
of the lie/(ls listed above. Thus, there would
be six subcommittees. Presumably, here at
SUNYA these committees would work
closely with CUE and wouitl report to UAC,

'tTlus is a proposal from the Special C(liii-
mittoe on Undergraie (Education submitted to
all SUN YA laculty, stall, aritl students A
response street cart be lottrirl on page M.

Thank you lor your cooperation.

SCUE
Undergraduate
lftlucation
lillio Becker, Student

Dover/y Clark, Hosea/cit Stall
liichartl Collier, CUIE

llinnias Cit/toy, Music

llo/tiri lioslnsscs, Academic Alla/rt;
Allied l-rnkols/oin, Chemistry
trigono tin/tier, l.-nglisli (Chart)
Ito/ts (ta/nor, llnsoarclt Stall
liavid (to/ti, Student

ling/i llill, Student

.lolrtr lltnos, ltosoair:h Stall

lrarik Kit/till”, School of Business
Alvut Mag/rt, PoliticaL Science
lisa Newrrittrk, Student

liapmu Ogawa, Mathematics
Walton Hobo/ts, llistory

.l. llalpli littbetts, Schooiol Education
livolyn l'iacgei‘. Slur/ant

Special Committee on

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

To The Hike Extremists

Well, the confounded tuition bike has advanced one more giant step toward
becoming what cynics might call an inevitable reality. idealists mi htcallrt
an unreality, still confident that somehow, it can be steppe m the
legislature. Maybe confidence and inevitability are two concepts that we
shouldn’t be concerned with at the moment, since both of those are
unrealistic. N ’

The point is, until the tuition hike becomes an undeniable reality, a fact, we
must continue to fight it with the same, or even greater zeal than before.
Nothing is for certain, since the outcome could depend on the strength of the
students fighting. - i I ‘

So if you claim that you are confident that the hike writ still be stopped,
then think again, because you may be blind to the tremendous, but not im-
possible difiiculties you will encounter in defeating it. And it you mstst that
all the fighting in the world won't prevent it from happening, then you are
only aiding in that end, by weakening the number of students involved,
which can have a great effect on the voting in the legislature. .

We must avoid the extremes. in order to “unite and fight the hike,  we
must move away from the extremes to a common middle ground, solid in its
reality, where we can light with a single mind. And it we do that, we could
possibly, we might just, maybe. defeat the damn thing.

Respond! ?

Liberal education is, as President O’Leary and the Special Committee on
Undergraduate Education have asserted, the cornerstone 0/ SUN YA ’5
mission. This cannot be over-emphasized. .Alter a period of operating on an
open elective system, the time has come to evaluate that system, and alter-
native ones, involving specific models for liberal education at SUN YA.

The Special Committee on Undergraduate Education is extremely interested
in the opinions of all students, faculty, and staff in coming to its decision of
recommendation to the Undergraduate Academic Council. We are all being
asked to lie/p decide what is most rig/it tor SUNYA, and our opinions will be
entltusiastlcally examined by the Committee, and not ignored.

Therefore, we urge strongly that all members of the University community
carefully read over the proposed models presented here by the Committee,
and respond. Let the Committee know how you feel. Your voice is being
heard, by a group of people who want to make the right choice for this
university: just what this university wants.

   

Please see Page 14 for responses
to proposed models for liberal education

 

 

 

JAY B. GlsscN, E‘lilur-in-Chltf
Snv: 0n“. Managing Editor

Nrws mime , . . . . . , . . . . . . , . . . . . . . , . . . . M. J. MIsMMO'rr

ASSOCIATE NEWS comm» . , . , . . . . . , (‘ilAuLus "l:l.l., NANCY GLIMSON

Ahl'H‘TS tzmmn . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . BRIAN Kunrzun

Spams unmn . . , . . , . . . . , . . . , . . . , . , . , . . l’Ain. SCHWARTZ

AssociAn. swim; mnon . . , . . . . . . . . . . , . , , DAV") OsnonN

Eui'ionIAi. mars Linton , . . .  . . . . . . . . . , . . , . , . ERIC SALllNGEH

SI'AH' wnlunsz Robert llluscnstcin. Jclf Corona, Junct Ccrni. Muric Curtissul. Mike Dunne.
Wendell llcddon, Michclc lsrucl, Ken Kurtz, Slcvc Oslcr, Don Rossi. Aron Smith. Deborah
Smith, David Spiro Ar MANAGERS: Jesse Schcrcr, Lloyd [ecvcnhcrg rouiAc Ni:w.s: Luum
Schmub em.vn.w I‘Mlli Dionu Oruci Ans ('oomiNAmn: Slc liunic Del Valle GRIP! LINE
(‘tmlDINATORZ I’uirick Ford NEWSEDITDISEMEIITUS: Mnlthcw ox,'l'om Muncllu.JillHnbcr

JONATHAN Honors, business Manager

AnvmnsINt; MANAou . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . , . . . . DEIIIIHE Kopv
BILLING CONSULTANT . . . . . . . . , . . . . , . . . . . . . . LISA APPLEIIAUM
l‘Avuou. MANAGER 'usAN Assan
nmmxurmt; . . . , . . . , . . , . . . , . . . . . . , . . . . . lthNY BROWN

 

 

sAILs PEISUNNMJ Slcvc (inldtncin, Jeff Icvitun. Richie Mcnnclstcin (‘IAssmm ADVERTISING:

Stcvc Muucr ('ItmmmoN: Amy Stuns, Ilnydcn Currth Au rmtmtc'ImN MANArnzn: lrcnc

l’innnl An runnumum: llildy llrnnd. Sally Ann Brccllcr, Lit. Rorwod. lauric Stud well OFFICE:
Rosemary (trim, Ruth ‘lcrill run: run: Italic Appclbtlum

 

 

LVNN "111.. Production Manager
Roam Cowman. rl.l’.l‘t)(‘/(llt' Production Manager

'l'tht; (‘OOHIHNA'IUR . . . . . . . , . . . . , . . , , . . . LthiNii LIIIIEKATUIUE
Vnmt'AI. (‘AML'IM . . . . , . , , . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ’A'i' .uvt;
(.‘uAr-nit's ('(mumNAlou . , . . . . . . . . , . . . . . , . . . .Rou VAN (human

man. lll': loslic Appcltmum, Michcic Iicrk. Miriiun Epstein, Snphih Kustus. Jill Mcycrsnn,

"CIII Simon Tvrms: Sully Ann llrccltct. Diana Cochran, Robin Goldberg, (‘um ,lnnoweky,

(‘huryl Kunlnmn. (‘lnrh Kucblcr. Mlllillyll Mil): (I'Wlll, lvy l’cllz, lkth Stunt: PnnotnizAmJi:
)ltllllll v C lllcl'

l‘miImmAHw. .mppiiotl print-ipn/i I’l)’ (lion-rally l'lltilll Survive
(lllH l'llO‘llH-‘IMPIIHI: Muty Ann llnvuk I’IIU it ERAPIH’HM 'l‘uny 'l'ussumtli, lmnu Viscusi.
Scull Arcmtin, Rmmnc Kulhkut't. lloh leomn i, l‘nnyn Ann lliIrvcv,.lclT Sclinccbinnn, Sum
'I'ui‘clti. “0ch ,lucnlts. Jul t “how, The Moon Lac

ES'I'ABLIHI lit) 1916
I lil' i‘lll'llllll' Slur/uni I‘rt'sr is published t'l'l’l)’ llt rtlityontl Hit/try during iIu-si'lroolyeur hytln'
Albany Student Press Corporation, on ind: lr'lltlt'ill not-lirr-prti/li organization, Editorial
policy is tloii-rrtiinoil by tile Iiiiiur-ln (.‘liitff tinil is .nili/n'i to rot-tow try the [ﬁlitortol [Torin].
Mailing Address: Alltuny Student Press, ("(129, l4lili Washington Ave, Albany, NY [2222
(5/8) 457-tltt92

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

