f

 

' fr" =' " 1‘ t r' Adm a ale-artf— n'. "—-<|‘-~>‘u|~-yw’.-P~pw--~- /—>A14~u .

' What’s HOT For Christmas?

0 This Is the Iirst book to be pub-
lished on frozen drinks only and
It Is not available In bookstores.

- This book contains absolutely
everything you'd ever need to
know about the liberal art oi
lrozen drinks: research, Ingredi-
ents, recipes, equipment. party
suggestions . . . everything.

- More than 170 pages including
I  recipes, serving suggestions
r“ ‘ and bartendlng tips.

About the Author.

“I'm a prolesstonat bartender whose ex-
perience dates back to my college days
when I used to tend bar to make a few extra
dollars . . . Since then. We spent 11 years
traveling and tending bar at some of the
most glamorous resorts In the country. My
experience was enou h to till a book (most-
ly at the Insistnnce o my customers). And.

. now the story is out and available to you at
especial price. (I tigure I owe that much to
the system at higher education that gave
me my start) . . . It's all here. chapter and
verse. and i personally guarantee you won't
find a book like it anywhere. To prove that
guarantee. it the book is not everything I've
said return the book to me in 10 days and I'll
relund your purchase price."

  

- More than 200 recipes obtained
lrom resorts around the world
and through thousands at ex-
periments with literally thou-
sands of customers.

0 Recipes Include ones from the
Caribbean Islands to the He-
waiian Islands and lrom Europe
to the exotic resorts 0! Mexico.

0 Contains more than 110 Pool Bar
Jim Original Recipes for Frozen
Drinks.

- Includes the popular ice cream

and d_aiqulri creations plus
lower-calorie concoctions for
weight watchers.

0For the Pina Colada addicts
looking lor something dillerent
over sixty entirely dillerent
recipes made with coconut
cream.

0 Seven years ol research and ex~
perrments to achieve proportion
perlect recipes.

- Makes an excellent Christmas
gilt lor lriends or parents.

 

 

YES. I WOULD LIKE TO ORDER "POOL BAR JIM'S FAMOUS

 

"In my travels around the world, nothing compared." Gary

Campbell, Elk Grove. Illinois.
"The Kahlua“

Frost is the most delicious. relreshing dnni

l’ve ever lasted. . . they're all Ianiastici” Melonie Flatt. Atlanta,

Georgia.

"The Dauluskie Freeze was the most Iabulous drink I've ever

had. " Peter Franz. Ftrsielden. Switzerland.

"The only thing wrong with your drinks Is that I can’t decrdo
which is the most deliciousi' E. P. Drollin. Farmlngton. Con-

necticut.

FROZEN DRINKS
Please send
$1 postage and handling.
Please send
postage and handling.

8. C. Residents please add 4% state sales tax.

TOTAL ENCLOSED $__.._..____

 

 

copies at the Special Collegiate Edition. 6.95 plus

 

 

 

“Check _Money Order
_Me. _Mrs.
_Mlas _Mr
(Please Print)

Address "7.
City ___.______State____...,. .Zip....,
Name oi Coliege_ _,_____,___ __.... _ .
AFreshman _Soptromore __Junior

~Graduate __Statl .,_Facuily

Mail to: Pool Bar Jim
P.O. o 4958
Hilton Head island. 8. C. 29928

 

copies ol the hardback edition, 10.95 plus $t.25

Suruor

 

 

 

A NIGHT AT
THE RAFTERS

FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 9

Freshmen $2.50

Upper Classmen $3.00

Buses leaving circle at 8:30
and leaving Rafters at 2:30

on all Quad Dinner Lines

This comparatively inexpensive trip

is brought to you by the class of ’83

Tickets will be sold today through Thursday

The Freshman Class Proudly Presen'

 

 

    
 
  
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
  
 
  
 
   
  
      
   

short, Inconsistent show.

Well

A‘ poor performance by Talking Hearts is ararity

 

Rock may do a lot of. things. like offer
statements on the evils of the world. or take an
attitude of defiance. or form a reaction to
things in society. but regardless of that, when a
band takes the stage to perform. it is only

delivery. style. enthusiasm and the resulting -

sounds that matter. Nothin else.
-
Jay Grssen

Talking Heads know that. because i have
seen them prove it in several shows over the
last four and a half years. since they first per»
formed live at CBGB's In May of 1975. They
know it. and when they want to prove it. they
do so with little problems. presenting intense
anxiety-filled shows. taking their songs to the
very limits of their energized repetition. Usual-
ly. it works. when the songs are right. when'
the feeling is right. when they're together.
when the crowd ts alright. and things are going
line. Sometimes. like Sunday night at the
Palace. it doesn't work. when just enough of
those inputs are missing to create a show that
is lacking.

Sunday night's near capacity crowd found
the Heads at the end of their latest tour. an
over three month drive to push their newest
album. Fear of Music. Into commercial accep-

 

 

N

but at lust week's Palace concert. the bum! headed by David liyrnr: (above) gave a

lance. indeed. they did nine out of eleven
songs from the record. and they were the
backbone and heart of the concert. However.
the short end of the stick was given to Talking
Heads ‘77. and even to last year's More Songs
About Buildings And Food.

Apparently. the group is tired, because this
reviewer saw the same tourjust over two mon-
ths ago, and the show was a good thirty
minutes longer. with diet more energy in per-
formance. and. a lot more coverage of the first
two LPs.

The band opened the show with "Artists
Only" lrotn the second record. and the very
beginning was marked by Jerry Harrison miss-
ing his cue and arriving on keyboards just a se-
cond or two too late. Byrnc's opening vocals
were appropriately norHrtelodic. and Chris
Front; and Tina Weymouth sounded just fine
on drums and bass respectively.

The band lumped into a focused. well-
executed rendition of "Stay Hungry" before
playing seven straight songs from Fear, Begin-
rting with an overly slow version of "Cities".
Byrne led the band through "Paper". "Mind".
"Heaven". "Air". "Electric Guitar". and
"Animals". The songs front Fear were pro-
blematic at times. because of a certain incon»
sistency in performance. Either the group

  
 

  

i

(Photo: Jon Hodges)

Passing Strange Shakespeare

A street t singer. dressed in blue terms.
scrunades the audience on they ore ushered in
their seats in tho intimate Arcnn 'l'herttru. /\
vendor. clad in buggy. painted overalls.
pushes her curt puddlng 'l'rshirts. ribbons. and
balloons to the crowd.

Charyl Taubner and

Marie Cortlssoz

The nudicnccl rs invited to mill around ttu
(liI‘Ctiiﬂt’ stage, whcrv they (on ft’t'l us if they
were once again children in Central Park.
People trunt themselves to n brightly colored
balloon to bring back to their seats. The lights
dim, the spotlight is set. and the street singer
beautifully singus the lirtllnd of Rossillton.
opening the role of Count Bertram and Helen
do Nnr'bon.

And so. the mood is set for Tom Little-field's
version of "The Florentine Segment" of
Slmltuspmre's comedy. All's Well Tirol finds
Well. which \UtiS performed last Friday. Satur-
tiny and Sunday ill the PAC. English Pro-
fessor i.ittloficld presented us with on ex-
perimental version lhnt focused on the scenes
of the play set in Florence. lie was trying to
show that this segment of All's Well. which has
it beginning. middle. iliili end. was lit for pro-
duction by itself: and Indeed it was.

The. medieval romance deals
woman's quest to win her husband. For the
Count has sworn. “i wedded you but not bed»
dud you and swuor the knot is eternal."
However. in.‘ tinI und of the play. “she wears
l i‘i'lll‘r lilt' clttld belonging to

with n

the ring .-
Rossilllon '

NOVEMBER 7 . 197‘)

Both t'JIsl turd director wcrr- mnrnly inex-
perienced so thcy approached the play with “rt
lot of freedom illKi energy." occluding to Lit»
tlulicld. The itr’ltrl's threw themsolvr-w into the
roles thcv \vcrv pinying and in.qu the nu~
diunce lit’liI'Vl' that they had lM’t'Ulilt' medieval
characters. although they were in modern
dress. The director has succeeded in showing
us that thr- feelings and problems in All's Well
can well survive the transition front
lili/ubuthnn lillik' to modern drry

Mutt Cox. who IS making his acting debut.
played licrtmm with the right mixture of
uduluscr’nt .irrognncv and innocence. In the
cornicnl ‘wooing' scurry between Bertram and
Diana. Cox expertly conveyed (l young man‘s
lust

(.‘lllllt'l’t'llnl'llkt.’ Diunrt played by Sue Knrsh
iii n pinpt'r pivoted skirt itlltl dainty silver
showpmvidud .i fitting porlrnynl of ill] inux-
periencud girl who is trying to protch her
virginity. Through Dimm. tho Florentine Sog-
ment's theme of love and friendship is partially
realized. Diana risks her reputation. out of
faithiulnuss and devotion to her iricnd. Helen.
and so drarnntizes her obedience and admire-
tion tor rm older and Wlfit't' woman.

Christina Morloclt is nblu to demonstrate
llclun's croftlness with an aura oi grace.
However. her love and desire lor Bertram do
not come across as strongly its her devotion to
her female coinrndes.

The subplot. which centered around impp
ing u two-lured soldier. l’nrolles. helped sru
port the lovctriuudshlp motif of thcI play. For
it is low for their lender Bertrnm and disdain

lot the unfaithful Parollcs which cruises the
soldiers in the Count's army to set the trap

Alon Barker. who is n volcrnn oi the [Empirv
Stole Youth Theatre. tune, .1 superb l’nrollc>..
Not only was he r-xlrmnuly funny. but he
played the part of n mouse caught by the cuts
with expertise. However. at times the rut-
diunce bird difficulty understanding his lines.
Laura Porter. the brains behind the Imp. did it
good job of portraying her fiery and dynamic
role of n Captain.

There was no set but the singing and props
were imaginative. instead of the galloping .‘rr-
Iny's return on horseback the audience was
greeted with the overhead roar of helicopters.
Littluliclrl's reasoning for this was that it is
“funny in the some way that Sholtuspcore's in-
troducing bullets in his presentation of a
medieval title may have sr-umed funny." I

There was good syncronixzrtion between the
lightin'r and the acting which made for a
smooth transition between the scenes.

When the action ended. the audience was
once again returned to the park~ltlte at-
mosphere. Bridget Boll returned as the street
singer to summarize the final act of the play.
As we left. the theatre echoed with her
beautiful soprano voice singing the Ballad of
Rossillion. to the tune of Greensleeves.

She strummed her guitar and sung.

"The King said i] it end so meet

The lriltrtr post, all yet seems uicll.

When lrriurs shall inure futures as well as
thorns

And all is well that ends we”. " —

ALBANY is l'UDENT PRESS

 

1

Aspects On Wednesday.

. . ’Ialkingll-Ieads Lose Face

would play an album duplicate version (to the
note). or they would 'play ex'tended. frenzied
versions wherein David would let his voice
sail. 'and the band would extend the end to
allow for about three minutes of planned
“jamming”. ’ .

Throughout the show. Byrne's voice seem-
ed too soft. and was often partially drowned
out by Harrison’s keyboard or supplemental
guitar work. This was especially noticeable on
"Animals" and "Air". However. Byme's
vocals were tight and on target. as he fell prey
to his tense nervousness. throwing his voice
into the depths of groans and the heights of
full fledged screams. And despite its wirey
sound. it is indeed a cold. calculated form of
singing. Byrne actually covered every range
he could muster in the desperate plea. “I need
something to change your mind, " while sing-
ing perfectly in tune the melodic notes of
“l'looven".

The only other song from the second album
was "Found a Job". which. minus the Email—
licotions featured on the LP. still sounded right
on target. as the band did an extended ten
minute version with some cute acrobatics by
Byrne as he strummed away at the electric.’

Obviously lacking from the second album
was the band's only single hit. Al Green's
“Take Me To The River". Usually done as the
second song of the first encore after "Lite Dur<
ing Wartime". it was strangely omitted. That
ended the concert on an unfriendly note.

Before the encore. the band ended their set
with "Psycho Killer". the new wave anthem
that first gave the band reknourt and some
desired airplay. This was undoubtedly the
most lackluster version this reviewer has seen
them perform yet. and the extended jam at
the end fell lint. and sounded like a disjointed
sound check. rather than the powerful closing
note it could have been,

Talking Heads are a great band. maybe the
best new band to emerge out ol the USA In re-
cent times. Over the past four years. their con-
certs have generally gone steadily uphill. as
has their popularity. As the audiences grew
larger. the group revised their image and show
accordingly. However. as the grind of a real
tour lasting more than three months takes Its
toll. the performance on Sunday night found
them tired. maybe even a bit bored. The songs
themselves have (ill the power necessary to
create grunt live music. but last Sunday night.
the band members unfortunately did not. -

   
 

1

PAGE SEVEN

 

