  
 

son." to' a": cost:  per player. I Early on in our academic career allofus are ~ ' bf f h 1 ﬂ Th
_ - ace with the dilemma of choosing what 1° mm oneo ' 95¢ preﬂgbus ""5' is
2  Includes:  I course of study to pursue. According to John unfortunately has an impact on students who
l -  hOIes 0’ no" Levato. undergraduate advisor to the school have "0! mm the criteria {m acceptance ’0
l Students Lunch of business, right here within the boundaries lhﬁbﬂBis  I hire seen a" too we" the
I ' ofourownuniversit w It "1 t ittnst 0 ects t is can have. With all thet
I, UNIVOI'SHV employees Awards H ' t o 2 better and write “the b0 u ‘ d f H d y ‘ a sagreat percentage scorekeepin oin on the st d t h ' t'
‘  rt Effective writing is contingent "PO" 3 9° " I . if"? 00 the 0 a eclared majors are students of u _ u 9.9 9 u en w oisno,
I When: Monday,'0ct. 1 Post-go 93 y number of factors, the first of which is the passage verbatim et litteratum — to the business. Mr, Levam estimaesjhe numbero, l3i98 material may feel less competentthan
" (CIISSOS suspended) (Tentative) assumption that the writer knows more than letter. (Sfermzn expresstons, also lend a declared juniors and seniors in the hISbOI’ ltergeers.  qutte implanmay Leel '1'
I: . - to a writers ar um i department to b 900 Al h l t‘ ‘ em arasse in a mitting t at is or er i
« i - I - . This is not always the case. For degree. Ct C"? ence 9 en . ’ e . t oug 1 his figure ‘ I _
T 5 Where: weStern Turnpike Deadl'ne' Slqned up Litiriqejilgewhenacriticspeaksof“the ‘Leave it Thus, it is better to speak of the gescllsclia/j includes those seniors graduaﬁngin January. Interviews have been with small, unknown t
"it 3 5 ml- on wasmrn Ave' and  by Mon- to Beau}I craze that is now sweeping instead of large groups of people, or the it does not accoum for1he|arge number of accounting firms. This seems to be an
if - Sept.  Europe" thereaderhas little reasontodoubt zeitgeist instead of “Popular sentiment". Prospective majors. Last tall 474 students unfortjénille phe'mmeT'l '3“! a real and.
r i ‘ ' ' ‘ F ei n expressions must be italicized l t sought adin‘ ' t h | | j - unavot a eonenevert eess.
henomenon eXIsts. Events or or S . . )u i55ion o i e sc 100 of iustness. . , r I 1.
, Ouagtlons It‘d payment to ' thatdsucl-ia tphe 'atorementioned should be italics also provtde the most mundane of followed by 180 applicants for spring Other concentrationsm busmess however, ‘;
Dennls     éiigersiteldewith just so much ennui that it English sentences with some gravity, For admission. specifically marketing, rrilanagern‘ent. an 
I t u . he preferredafriedp M inancc 0 not necessariy in t emselves 22
edundant, if not in bad taste, to example, She said 5 '99 I
or  mm  3‘6 7-8517 4 3:33:32; such an important and widely as opposed to a scrambled one." Audrey Specht imitate “student for the world of busmesszlf 5-!
 ' 8a funded discussed topic. The reader, then, feels There are some words that ,m. -- one has intentions of pursuing a career in
- What makes these men and women "mm" 0' “‘959 llelds 'l becomes almOS'

.0“ \,\

 

ume ‘ _, cu.“

,..

. Page 20

   

Aspects

‘

 

 

 

 

 

1st Annual SUNYA

 

  

 

 

 

r Les Art

 

 

I.

 

University .
Judicial Committee

Interest Meeting
Monday Sept 24

6PM

LC 20

 Towel; East Cinema

writer's credibility. if the writer is pompous
enough, the reader, in the future, will speak
with authority on Wally, Eddie Haskell. June,
and Ward, and their importance to
contemporary Europe. In this hauteur and
slightly underhanded way, the media, so to
speak, creates events. .

Bob O’Brian

Another way the writer dupes the reader is
through the use of foreign expressions which
should lace every essay, criticism, or news
article of any length. Foreign expressions,
particularly in Latin or French. are the sine
quanon of effective writing. Such expressions
as coup d'etat or en masse are so common
that they go by unnoticed. Next time you
write “the boy quoted the passage verbatim”,

 

 

 

 

Grease

September 21
and 22
LC 7
30 and 10PM

bookstore. "S'no trut

s’ear off, right?

dere. Listen ta me, kid, l k
dead, dey know too. l'll t

ignorant and won't dare to question the'

Muscles said, "You wanna know de trute. ill tell it to ya " He
rubbed his gray whiskers with the back of his red swollen hand.
Behind him a pastel mural of bookcovers lined the wall of the
‘ n e in dem books, l know, l'm alive ain’t l. Out den:
15 de o‘ny trute, he pointed his hand towards the street ofwalkers and
cars. Books, dey don't learn ya nuthin’, see, nutin'. S'all out deret
Heminway, he shot himself in de troat. An' Van Gogh, right, he cut
lock d h An dat otur guy wentcrazy. He went crazy."MuscleS
e att egroundtryingtopulloutafallenthought.“Nah notrute.
All a em. Take all ya books an' whata ya got? Dat ain't lite. 'Life s’out
now. I sleep in de cein’tary wid de dead. Dc

D’Eorlt

indispensable to effective writing. The artist
does not come up with many ideas Wltllt!
drinking wine, but a plethora of thoughtr m ..
veritable corunucopia ofimpressions. Duiihlr
negatives are also good — the country dorm.
not have its problems, it is not without lls
problems. The beautiful thing about a Willi’t
reader relationship is the distance llf’lUJ'l’ll,
the two. The writer rarely has to illlSWt’l lt illii‘
reader and, as a result, maintains an .iltmt
stance; an arrogance. This arrogant t'
perpetuates the glamorous mystiquu tit .i
writer so that even the schmuckicst hat Its itlt'
celebrated as bon UlUanS. Once in a Wlllli'. a
writer will be accosted by an offended lll
confused reader who seeks a retraction til .:
clarification. if this should happen to you, do
as David Frost suggests and “smile and iitul
as if you couldn't begin to explain its
significance."

w

 

 

 

Aspects}.

0-...4.‘ w<w~w-v

‘Page 3a

 

 

 

different” Att' there indeed certain
characteristics that distingUish them from the
rest, or are they no different from all th: other
serious students lt(‘t’(’ at SUNYA?
Many of us can conjuie up the sli'rtzo-‘
typical image of the "little accounting major"
fully equiped with general ledger ai'd
calculator hanging discretely from his belt. as
well as picture the endless hours of devotion
studying for llllf,’ of Dr. Cannon's Accounting
2i 1 exams. Miiny In fact, will try their host to
avoid fulfilling lllt’lr introductory accounting
requirement with Dr. Cannon. As one.
student put it, “I took accounting 21] last
summer at Nassau Community College.
After all, i knew it would be easier."

One must keep in mind, however, that all
. stereotypes are of a highly generalized
j nature and the assumptions made about bus.
students are no exeption. But contrary to
many other majors here at Albany, the
business major's loyalty to his field begins
early in his studies.
One intrinsic element within the school of
business is its steadfast reputation for being
highly competitive. Reasonably enough this
stems in part from the fact that one must gain
acceptance to the school after three
semesters of preliminary work, and unlike
other fields of study therefore, a student's
academic record must be equal or higher to
that of other competing applicants. Another
factor contributing to the competitive nature
of business students, is the grading system
employed by many professors in the
department. As with many other
departments here at SUNYA the professors
enjoy distributing grades based on a curve,
perpetuating an air of ruthless competition
within their classrooms. As Franco Brindisi, a
recent graduate of SUNYA put it, “The only
thing 1 was ever certain of, was that i had to do
better than everyone else in the class."
Consequently, these factors subtly shape the
disposition of the students involved as well as
the structure of the department itself.
It would be terribly unfair however, to lump
together all the assumptions made about
business majors. Just as the scope oilstudy

 

 

I nua‘

differs between an accounting course and a
marketing course, so do the patterns of
behavior that exist among students. And
interestingly enough, you can often witness a
subtle air of arrogance betweeen business
students as well as a degree of snobbery
between business and nonbusiness majors.
On numerous occasions l have witnessed this
phenomena.

l distinctly remember two women engaged
in an animated discussion in the lndian Quad
cafeteria. One girl was complaining about the
term paper she was working on for one other
classes, insisting that the amount of time she
would have to spend on it was terribly unjust.
Her friend then turned to her and snidely
remarked that her work‘ load was nothing,
after all, she didn't have four business courses
to study for. it must be kept in mind however,
business majors have a rigid program of
required courses, resulting in the limited
amount of elective courses they can take.
This in itself is cited as another example of
the difficulty encompassed within the major,
but a difficulty which often goes unnoticed by
non-majors.

There also exists substantial difference of
opinion between business majors. Carl
Cohen, a third year accounting student,
asserts this notion. “Accounting presents

 

 

necessary to obtain a Masters in busines’
Although it appears that the workload on th
undt-rgradiiate level is not as overwhelming it.
these fluids of study there still exists a vita.
element of competition within these fields.
lilt‘ﬁt‘ students too, must do well enough to
olitaiii acceptance to the graduate level of
study, and if they are not successful, more
()llt’ll than not they are left out in the cold. So
llt'l‘t' tut) we see the scorecards handy and
pencils; poised as students tipply to graduate
school

One t|llt‘.‘~ill()ll still remains unanswered
ll.ivu business students justified their
.ii (Ogilll‘t‘t' and warned the respect they thit l t
they deserve? Olivtously enough this is an
extremely controversial question, and one
Wlttt'll always receives conflicting response.
Wlwn .i iionhusiness major is asked this
question we often hear a reply greatly
more of a challenge, besides. l think it is the differing from the reply a business major will
best preparation for futureivork illitnyﬂrt’ilfll give. Many non majors seem to feel that

Oman” . inn- ,3.‘ ....,s.,. ’?_‘“. .1. 

business." Mr. Cohen also pointed out that he
felt accounting would enable him to find .i job
without any work on the graduate level, if
indeed he chose to pursue a career in
accounting.

On the contrary, marketing and
management majors seem to feel their fields
of study are broader in scope, resulting in
wider career options. Besides the notion that
one area of study opens up more doors fojoh
opportunities than another, personal interest
influences a student's decision to study out
aspect of business rather than another. As
David SiIVer. a management major put it.
“Accounting is too cut and dry and I found it
far from enticing." He went on to say,
“management deals more with the social
aspects of business and encompasses
relationships between people, whereas
accounting is mostly done behind a desk."

If we are justified in assuming that the
school of business is one ot the hardest
departments to be a part of, we are lead to ask
the question of why students choose to
pursue a major in undergraduate business.
The most obvious reason seems to be the
assumption that a major in business will open
up the door to numerous career choices.

Accounting is one of those rare
undergraduate areas of study that prepare a
student to directly enter the job market.
There is no element of chance involved. if
someone does well on the undergraduate
level he is rewarded with many career
opportunities in his field. This notion of
certainty about what the future holds seems
to be reason enough for many students to
sacrifice a few years of intense study in order
to be well assured that he or she will gain
relatively easy access into the businesss flirt
This in itself explains the presence ofruiiiw...
competition and the aggressive character
prevalent among accounting majors.

Often the most arrogance exists among
accounting majors. As the time for interviews

 

studying business on the undergraduate level
is much too narrow in scope, inhibiting a
student from obtaining a broad education. As
Jody Cliillken, a non-major put it, “There is
no time for studying the physical sciences, the
social sciences or the humanities, resulting inl
a finite perception of the world."On the other
hand. many business majors will defend their
field of study by pointing out that their
undergraduate years facilitate greater
acceptance into the tight job market. “What
would i do with an english major?"
remarked one student. "At least with armajor
in business there is some hope of finding a
job."

The ultimate question still remains
unanswered, however. Should our
undergraduate years ot siuciy be geared
toward the ensuingcareer choices we must all
make, or should these four years of study he
ones in which we explore the world and
broaden our perspectives of thought? Quite
simply, each one of us must answer this
question for ourselves.

 

 

 

 

 
    

  

 

 

.i

. #21:. “2‘..- aim-H

 

 

approaches early in the Senior year, everyone
seems to keep score on everyone else.
Students quickly tally up the number of “Big
8" accounting firms, either Touche Ross;
Arthur Andersen; Price Waterhouse; Arthur
Young; Ernst and Whinney; Coopers and
Lybrand; Pete Marwick and Mitchel; and

Haskins and Sells, that have granted I
them interviews. They then begin to compare A heavyload ‘0 bear-A '0‘ onlme. Alot of

notes on whose batting aVerage is best; more b°°ks' Ami {or Wha‘? A 5"“ 0mm fabric.
speciﬁcally] who has Obtained a second A well made car. A house in the suburbs.

each ya well. '
wrote?" bits arm spiked out. His eyes  geishEdeJrgi’kii—gjlr
XII?! all dis knowledge ya got an' ya do not know. Don’t even know-4
“'11? rhetCﬁcked his head proudly and smiled. "Whas de greatest story.
0 Va. l know. Muscles took out his bottle and gulped his
mouth bloated with whiskey. “I know," he gasped "Yes " His Siitdll
iray eyes strained to see something in the dark. :‘Out there. kid. l
53:37, GIZQSlTlal’Il’,‘ Hheswayed on his feet. “You know whas de greatest
in em. 0 plus. eswept hishand through the air.”Books got nulllt'
. an t show ya...|ite. De street. Dat's life. That is life, my friend.

Ya don't know Y'i do ' ' I ' s
- i n t listen lknow lcould " ' ' ~ D Cannon at work.
t .. ‘ V Show a. Andhetook llie Infamous r. _ _ .
anmher dunk. y “I took Accounting 2” 3‘ Nassaui I knew 'l would be easwr'" interview, and ultimately, who has gotten a

-Stuart Matranna m “Wm—m w W _  “cc-
NE”; . .. __ .i

75 with TE C
25 without

 

     

J.j  -._ .ljp.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

