 

  

Would CAPSULES
Carey CaughtOnHeating Bills

ALBANY. N.Y.(AI') A campaign now underway is telling
(lovernor Hugh Carey what he apparetttly wants to hear —-
tlttit the HIIIlﬂ'cnll'l'tll'ftlrtl all three heating-costs bills ttow
on llItl desk. Two major business lenders released t| state-
them on Wednesday cttlllng on Carey to veto bills intended
to provide state help with this winter's fuel bills to elderly
and WOI‘ItlllﬂsCItls.‘ families. Raymond Sehnlor. president ot‘
Associated Industries. and Richard Dtinlnuu. president of
the lintpire State (‘ltttrttbcr of Commerce. said the bills
would end tip adding to the state‘s trtx burden arid tints its
t‘y‘ttltollllc problems. Tltey reiterated. however. their stip-
port for repeal of the state‘s sales tax on heating fuel and
other home energy sources. The sales tits and heating~altl
bills were cleared tip by the legislature earlier this month.
Curvy. just buck hour a trip to liurope. has titttil midnight
Friday to sign or veto thetn. and aides stiy he is likely to
veto itt least one. The stittetuent by Schiller rttid Dutthntn
was the latest step III a crititpalgtt to make tlte argument llltll
the strttectm‘t itl'fotd all three bills. Some advocates of tire
bills tltittk the campaign is being orchestrated by the gover-
nor ‘s ofﬁce. to help lay the groundwork for vetoes. There
are no lmnl figures on evitctly what tlte state's ttl picttire
now is. lit part because the governor's office sitting oit ll
budget sutnnuuy normally lclttls't‘tl by lllltlsUt‘lttltL‘I each
year. I ast week. the-governor‘s office leaked a letter to hint
fiottt financial advisor l-‘eli\ Rolintyit urging ltint to veto the
bills or to propose llll inercrise itt gasoline taxes to pay for
their cost. Aides say no such gasoline tits increase is under
.nnsideiution. however. And enrliet this week. William
\lctiowurt. the president of tire Civil Service l-‘mployees
association. culled ott Citrey to veto llIl three bills. Arty
rttotiey tltninctl otit of tire budget by tile bills wottld be
on: table to pay Mt‘(it)\\'tltl'§ union members. The
hentingatid bills Schnlcr' and Durihanr were concerned
about are estimated to mid anywhere from $55 million to
sins ritilliott to the current state fiscal y ir‘s SILK billion
budget. 'l'ltey wottld him all elderly families witlt iucotttc
uitder $14,000 an :tcioss»the~boartl $.15 “energy credit" on
tlteit income trt\r. . and make tip to $200 mt .t \le iii grants
to some l.l million \sttikiiig»cl.tss families nboyc tlte poser‘
ts line.

[Almond CAMpus

Students Patrol Downtown Area

   
 

 

   

 

In order to deal with tlte wave of break-ins and sew
related crimes occurring iii the downtown area of Albany.
Student Association. in cooperation witli the University
and Albany Police. has established an Off-Catttpus Student
Patrol.

The studetttswil’ xttrol the downtown area near Alumni
Quad and the area bounded by Myrtle .~\\emte. Bradford
Street. Lake Streti and Pantidge Street. in addition. art
avert genie? will be prosidcd front the Partridge .ittd 0n-
tario Street bus stops. Two students will also patrol the
Lark Siren area, . '

Students will wear r‘roureg‘ent amt bands and hats with
leziers :1d a: 5‘ e be patrolier. such as SEP .trrd SP.
Flashlights and w -.‘sies will also be carried.

The miroi ml; function from to p.m. to 2 am. Sunday
through Friday and may cuend to Saturday it" there are ad»
dinoetal soluntm.

Three twowson shifts wzli patrci

d the Myrtle :1". area. 011-: you,
tridge Street bus 3.x“? «ink in. the: g ', : patrol the
Ontario street bus so: to Ararat aid. The remaining
students will tuttoi the areas bounded by Western Asenue.
Partridge Street. \I . .- Awnuc. and Ontario Street.

 

 
  

   

  
 

 
    

 

Tri Beta Holding Bio Elections

“en to how the tun-“vs: Brology pro:' in
' 5 For,‘ ‘ For Tn Beta's

y Protcsso s C.

   
 

 

 

    
  
   
     

  

‘_ resort.” .
C's t‘. .‘crnq

Y A" 9'W‘JV' -‘». .u -
.\.,-_....r.... . t s... .

       

      

           

. .‘..3\I.I

 

n.

'r.

 

  

' " ... 'rllil NJ.

Iranians Free Same Hostages

'I‘EIIRAN (AP) Tltc Iranian government was reported
preparing todin to free all hostages held in the U.S. Em~
bassy in Tehran except white American males. CBS cor-
respondent Randy Daniels reported from Tehran that
Foreign Minister Abolltussnn Bani Sadr told him in art in-
tcrvicw tltttt “all women and blacks would be freed very
soon." He did not say exactly when this would take place.
The Sttite Dcpnrttncnt said six or seven women and one
black US. Marine were among the 62 Americans held
hostage in the embassy since Nov. 4. Brit it was assumed
tltirt by "blacks" Bani Sadr also meant the 36 nort-
Amerian hostages. most of wltortt are dark-skinned
Pakistani and lntt erttployces of tltc embassy. Bani Sadr
told Il news conference Wednesday that the tion—Americans
might be freed by the weekend ifprovcn “innocent” ofarty
crimes. Ritdio Tehran reported. Meanwhile. the United
States Itlocked Iran‘s attempt to arrnign it before tltc U.N.
Security Council. and President Carter stymied an attempt
by the lrartinii government to withdraw its billions itt oil
revenues deposited itt Atitericrirt hunks. “We're goittg to
work actively to prevent a discussion by the Security Couri-
cil until the hostages are released." State Department
spokesman Ilodtlirtg Carter said. “There is no way this
government will negotiate tritdcr the gtirt of its people being
held." Secretary of State Cyrus R. thce. after meeting
with U.N. Secretary—General Kurt Waldlteim. told
reporters; "‘Wc have indicated that if the hostage question
i\ resolved. then we‘re prepared to see the Security Council
go forward arid dettl with the issues that ntiyottc wishes to
put before it. including the lrtmiat . ' The Security Cotincil
met for about 45 mituttes arid decided to hold furtlter cort~
stiltiitiotts. btit council members said tltcy were
"disinclined" to meet Iran's request fora riteeting to air its
charge tltrtt the United States was creating a “climate of
war." U.S. Ambassador Donald F. McIlertty aid tlic
council wanted it response to its derttnttd lust l-rtday for
restoration of the U.S. Entbus "s diplomatic ittirtttitiity
and the release of tltosc held captive by Iranian students
detiiundiug tltc return of the deposed shalt for trial.

 

 

 

Mount Sinai Returned to Egypt

TI-Il. A\‘l\'. ISRAEL (AP) l and rettirrted Motittt Sinai to
l-‘gypt today. clearing the “‘I for President .-\rtw:tr Sadat to
celebrate the second anniversary of his pence initiatiyc‘nt
the venerated desert mountain. .-\t a military ceremony at
an Israeli-built airfield i2 miles frottt the mountain. the
Israeli flag was lowered and an ngptian flag raised iii a
ceremony that hits ttow bccti repr-tttctl four times as lsrael
carries out its phased withdrawal frottt the desert peninsula.
The pullback covers a “Xi—square-ntile area including
|.400-yenr-o|d St. Catherine's monastery at the foot of
Mount Sinai. Under an agreement reached between Cairo
and Jerusalem. tourists from Israel will be allowed to visit

 
  

 

j
Class of ‘80 Assembly Set

Well. you‘\e finally tirade it! SUNYA's Class of NSU will
hold its fourth annual assembly for December graduates on
Sunday. December 9. The ceremony for students Cﬂllls
pletittg graduation requiretitents this fall. will be held .ll l
p.m. iii the Campus Center Ballroom. Speaker for the e\ etit
“Ill be School of Business Professor \Vili‘am Shoehait.

A reception will follow the ceremony. and parents and
friends are united. Class of '80 President Dase \\'cirttratrb
has armoiirtced that imitations to the ceremony should be
rcccrscd III the mail after Thanksgisiug recess. “\intraub
requests that seniors attending the meat return the response
form. enclosed with the invitation. so that the reception can
be planned accordingly.

Teachers, Advisers Honored

"Students usually bitch about teachers. For once. we
want to recognize the faculty who put out an effort." So
explained Central Council member Ira Somach about the
newly creates! Student Assoc-Lawn Award for lircellcnce in
Teaching and Adsisitig.

Two SIN awards will be gisen to those indisiduals who
e\c:i in the arms of teaching and advisement. In addition. .i
:laqae watt the winners‘ panics will be hung iii the campus
.ertter.

Candida: ' '

as an oi creator

   
  
 

y to euend knowted
eisen to tho»: who ..

  

 

 

 

 

 

omit“: magi-ism is, i 979‘

the area under Egyptian supervision. Israel Army radio
reported that the bried ceremony was attended by Israeli
and Egyptian officers, Bedouin Arabs living iii the are'ti and
Archbishop Damianos. head of the Greek Orthodox
monastery. Uttder the peace treaty. the Mouttt Sinai area
was scheduled to revert to Egyptian control next January.
But Prime Minister Mcnachcm Begin agreed to Sadfat’s rc-
qucst to advance the handover so Egypt could ltold
ccrcmony thcrc marking the sccottd anniversary of Sadat's
arrival in Jerusalem on November I9. 1977.

Meany Resigns AFL-CIO Head

WASHINGTON (AP) George Mcany. one of the
American labor movement's most durable and powerful
forces. bade farewell to the AFL-CIO today, declaring that
the house oflnbor he helped build is solid and "ready to do
battle with any for: who would destroy it." The ailing.
85-year-old Mcany. who retires as AFL-CIO president on
Monday. gavc art emotion-filled parting speech to |.000
delegates as the labor federation opened its convention to
install its ﬁrst new leader since its birth 24 years ago.
Mcttny‘s hand-picked successor. Secretary-Treasurer Lane
Kirkland. is expected to be elected as second president of
the giant organization. Mcany said American workers face
tottglt times ahead. “The national economy is a mess." he
said in his text. "America's energy problems are grow-
ing...iitllatiott is unchecked and family budgets are wreck-
ed; tlte recession is at hand." Meany complained that the
Carter administration‘s economic policies have failed to
deal with the nation's problems “because they were ill-
advised. ill-considered; ineffective and inequitable.“ He
spoke just hours before President Critter was to address the
comention irt his first public speech since 62 Americans
were taken hostage by Iranian students at the U.S. Embassy
in Tehran oti November 4. As he prepared to hand the reins
of the AFL-CIO over to Kirkland. Mcany said each genera-
tiott of trade unionists must pass the torclt of stewardship
to new leaders. “It has been a torch...somctimes ﬂicker-
irtg. but never dimmed." he said. “It is now our respon-
sibility...to pass it intact and shining to those who follow
Its; to carry that torch high. with pride, with honor.“

Lindsay Tries For A Comeback

WASHINGTON (AP) Six years after he left City Hall.
former Mayor John Y. Lindsay has begun raising money
fora political comeback he hopes will land Itint iii the US.
Senate. Campaign aides say a letter registering a fundrais-
irtg committee for Lindsay was sent this week to the Federal
Elections Commission here. Advertising e\ecuii\e Ronald
Moss. chairman of that committee. said \\'cducsday.
“\\'e‘re definitely in." He said Lindsay would not formally
announce his candidacy for the seat now ltrld by
Republican Senator .lacob .lavits until early itc\t year. but
would begin btiildittg it our chest and orgaitiratioii uri-
mediutcly. Litids' 57. tion a partner iii a Manhattan law
firm. has been maintaining a heat) schedule of personal
appearances for months. asking small groups of .icluc
Democrats for their support and "testing the w diets" for it
return to poliii s. Moss said the reception Lindsay rcceircrl
on those occasions has coittittced hint that the forum
mayor is a "winner." and indicates that l.irtd~.r_\‘~ record
as mayor ftortt l9o5 to l9‘3 will not be as big .I li.Il‘Illl_\ a»
some of his potential opponents ha\e predicted

 

 

The Shah- A Wealthy Man

NEW YORK (AP) The monetary stakes in the economic
war between the L‘niroi States and Iran are in the billions.
and the smite may be true for the man at the center of the
controyersy - Shah Mohammed Rear Pahlayi l‘he WILL"
for the shalt. hospitalized in New York for cancer treat-
ment. are the hardest to pin down. Sut‘i‘s‘fli’l‘ “I II”
Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini claim the shah took between
$5 billion .tttd So billion when he left lfJIl. But others :liN‘
to the shalt estitrtatc he is worth between Sod million and
$00 million. Before ltc left Iran in February. hold: es til the
shah~couttolloi Pahlasr Foundation w ere said :0 ‘
$25 billion. But no balance sheet e\cr \\ u ~
foundation in ltatt. The foundation‘s hol
trolled by Iran. included an oil comp.
l‘.‘.ill;‘\. four cement factories. and .i U;
in Iran. Ill addition. .\ I‘ahlaxt l’ozzt
~i tn New \otk ll‘. N'S .l\ a it.
‘atton. It listed assets of 531 ‘
report diy is now operating in the red
holding American hostages .it the ' S
hase demanded that the shalt be to
-\bolh.tss.ttt Batu Saut. acting head o : l'
\lrnzstn. has proposed ttxtead th.: the L .> ~
' :on of III: shah‘s alleged entries .‘
:ottuueto Iran iioweser.
hat sad it would no: negotiate \it'“

\n‘ch:.il‘.> were held hostage.

 

a to: the

 

t‘ttllr

(t‘lll-

 
     
   
   
   
 

 

  

 

   

 

 

IIr.ll-IlI‘D.Inur‘icumnmIrﬁmmwlu‘AI-ﬁutwmemu—tunIcovwwnnw‘I-qlvuvIo‘r- . . . .
...,... c . _ . a ...-.. .. . - 'v!

 

Albany Cops Deny _
Withholding A ccusation
“Press Coverage Can Destroy A Case”

by Peggy Thlm

Albany City Police have denied
accusations that they withheld in-
formation concerning the recent
rash of sexual assaults in the
downtown "student ghetto” area.

Students raised questions as to
why they were not made aware of
any danger sooner. claiming the
Albany Police failed to inform
them of the incidents.

Police Lieutenant William Mhr-
ray said the department does not
withhold the news. but "releases all
information about current com
plaints. arrests, and crimes to the
press every morning in the office
of the Chief of Police.

“The usual procedure is for the
news media to call the police for in-
formation." he said. "Press
releases are not generally
prepared."

Murray said the police “must be
careful not to give ottt any informa-
tion that may prejudice the case."
He poitttcd out that "press
coverage cart often destroy it case
when it comes to trial because ofthc
false information that inevitably
gets circulated."

According to Murray. the job of
tire police is to prevent and to in-
vcstigatc crime. “My ntcn are out
on tltc streets." he said. “and if the
press is really concerned with repor-
ting they havc to get on tltc streets.

too."

Murray said police have not
found any deﬁnite evidence proving
the crimes have been the work of
one man. There are. however. some
obvious connections between cases.
he added. The I9 cases. nine of
which had sexual overtones. in-
cluding three 'actual rapes, have
generally been' burglary-assault
related. The method of entry has
been similar in all cases.

“Time and locations also a fac-
tor." he said. Most of the crimes
occurred in the same general area
and during the early morning hours
after midnight. he said. “This is
unusual because most residential
burglaries occur during the daytime
when no one is home."

In addition. the sexual assaults
have tttkcrt place inside a building
or iii the victim's home. “Visually

 

 

a woman is walking to .or from
school or work.” he said.

The entire Albany Police Depart-
ment Detective Division is currently
involved in the investigatioh of
these crimes. An investigator from
the Security Department is working
in conjunction with ‘the Albany
Police

University Police are not working
on the case because all assaults have
occurred off-campus. '

“Some arrests have been made
'for individual CI'III‘CS in the area."
says Murray. “but they are only
suspects."

When asked about safety precau~
tions. Murray suggested that
students make sure doors and win-
dows'arc locked. He advisch
students to be sure to call police if
they hear anything suspicious. He
added that many times people
hesitate to phone police because
they think they are “crying wolf"
or that the police won‘t come.

Murray explained that “if riiore
people reported suspicious people
and happenings. we might get some
trscftrl information iii attempting to
apprchcrtd the criminal."

sex crimes occur on the street when E

 

mismanagement

near Alumni Quad.

Avenue and We'stém Avenue bus stop.
didn’t give him the real answers.”

wanted him to know l was ready."

bus arrived at 10:25 pm.

tltcre were no polic'e cars patrolling the area.

but they would look for him."

Becomes Assault Victim

' Another SUNYA student became the latest victim Monday night
in a series of assaults occurring in thetPine Hills “student ghetto"

'Brubacher Hall resident Rus Dowda claims she was approached by
a white mile at approximately to p.m.. while waiting at the Partridge

.Dowda said. “He asked me personal questions like ‘How long will
you be gone'P. ‘Arc you going steady?’, and what my name was. I

She added that as she moved away from him he followed, forcing

her to stand in the street. When the bus did not arrive by 10:20 p.m..
Dowda said she took out her knife, and “began to play with it. l

The man apparently roughly grabbed her right shoulder just as the

Dowda said she did not run because "I was afraid he would follow
me and l was standing in the only lighted place." She added that

Tltc victim said she contacted SUNYA Police. but they did not
reach her until I l pm. “They said they couldn't do anything about it .

According to Dowda. the man is approximately 24 years of age.
under stx feet and weighs 160 to l65 pounds. He has black hair. a

w.

 

black moustache. and brown eyes and was wearing dirty sneakers
arid jeans and a blue arid orange ski jacket.

 

—Mlchelc Israel J

 

SUNY A May Link With CIA, FBI

by Beth Sexer

The possibility of establishing it
link between SUNYA and the CIA
and FBI is currently being discussed
by the University’s Council on
Academic Freedom and Ethics
(CAFE). according to CAFE Co-
cltttir Dr. George Litchford.

Students and faculty have been

SUN Y Students Denied
Community Voting Status

by Brian Schwngcrl

Fifty SUNYA students were
denied voting status for the recent
general elections. according to
Albany County Board of Election
statistics. The figure represents only
a small fraction of SUNY students
denied voting rights.

Student Association of the State
University (SASU) research has in-
dicated that several thousand
students iii the SUNY system have
been denied the rigltt to vote in their
college communities.

A bill to amend tltc present clcc-
tion law is expected to be rein-
troduced before the New York
State Assembly irt January. Last
year. the bill passed tltc Assembly
httt failed to I‘L‘CL‘IVC cttotiglt votes iii
the Scuttle.

The bill would amend the
residence reqttirctncnt of Section
l-l04 (22) of the election law.
Presently. the law states that an iri-
dividual must intend to remain pcr-
moucntly witltiit it community itt
order to establish ti votittg domicile.
If changed. the law will Clltlbl‘ tut
individual to vote iii the cotnntunity
he intends to live itt temporarily.

“The use of pcrrrtttrient residence
its a voting qualification makes litlc
sense iii a highly mobile society. If
applied to tlte population at large it
might yield some very irrational
results." said State Assemblyman
Woodrow Lewis (I)-53).

“Such tt requirement of per-
inttncncy would disettfrtmeltise it
public employee with a firm ittlctt-
tiott to retire to his pttblic cott—
dominiqu at age ()5 or it hospital iti-
terit or a resident with it career plan
that gives ltiitt or her only two years
III New York. or it research COIllrtIC~
tor on it projuct with a deadline. or
II city itttmiiger hired for it fixed
term or ll college student who in-
tends to move on after gradua-
tion." Lewis added.

NOVEMBER 10. I979

If passed in both legislative
houses and signed into law by
Governor Corny. tltc bill will
eliminate criteria which have cott-
sistcntly been applied only to
students. These include financial in-
dependence. business pursuits.
cittployntertt. income sources. age.
and marital status.

The bill gives the boards of elec-
lions unlimited discretion to deter-
rttittc voter eligibility. Topics which
will be considered are residence for
ittcome tax purposes. residence of
spouse and children. status of pro-
perty. lease holds and motor vehicle
registration.

Ill ti show of support for the
legislation stttdettls tit 20 University

eonlilmea' on page five

  

He is near/er] to sign new bill

ALBANY TUDENT PRESS

meeting to determine the need of
guidelines governing rt relationship
between intelligence agencies and
the itcadcntiCrcommunily.

In April 1976, the Church Senate
Select Committee issued a final
report on Governmental Operations
with Respect to Intelligence Opera-
tions. According to the report. the
CIA ltas worked with academic
communities. “The Central lit-
telligcncc Agency." it stated. “has
littg developed clandestine relation-
ships with the American academic
community."

The CIA. according to tltc
report. is using members from more
than too academic institutions to
recruit students as CIA employees.

Tltc studcnts serve as sources of
information itt addition to gather-

ing in forittation front abroad.
writing propaganda for use
overseas. and researching and
writing uttdcr secret CIA sponsor-
ship.

Since the report was issued. said
Litcli ford. a number of universities
have rcqestcd information from tltc
CIA and FBI. regarding possible iti-
volvcmcnt with the agencies

Access to information is "“r‘dc
available by the I966 Freedom of
Iriformutiort Act. which enables the
public to obtain previously scaled
government agency information.

According to Litchford. last
December CAFE rcqucstcd infor-
mation front the CIA and FBI on
SUNYA's possible involvement
witlt the agencies.

While the CIA has not yet

responded. the FBI sent CAFE a
file with “general information on
maybe five or six incidents that had
been investigated by the FBI." said
Litchl'ord.

The Fill apparently sent infor-
mants to SUNYA dtrring the 60's
and 70's “when they were quite
concerned about subversive acts
and leftist groups," added LIL
cliford. “Tire FBI never really
reveal who are and who aren't iti-
formattts." he explained. although
one informant attended 3 I972
protest against at SUNY tuition

CAFE has contacted other
universities with established
guidelines. According to CAFE
ntcntber Dr. Dwight Wallace. “We

should have some guidelines.

SUNYA may not have any pro-

blems with agencies now. but

guidelines should be established jirst
curt/inier on page ﬁve

Travel Fraud Prompts Investigation

by Aroti Smith

A group of students dealing with
a travel agency recently‘ paid
$25,000 III deposits on ti totrr
package. Tltc‘firm. which never in»
tended to provide the services cort-
tracted for. run off with the money.

Another travel agency booked
transatlantic charter Ilights irri-
properly. l,l00 passengers Cnllcc~

 

Governor Curcy supports student voting rights

tivcly lost $500,000 and were
stranded in litiropc or New York.

These are just two of the trinity
crises of travel agency frttud and
deception recently uncovered by the
Attorney (ICIIL'" '5 office and the
state littrcttu of Consumer Frauds.
Although the New York state
legislature's regular session is still
six weeks away. it was complaints
like these which prompted the
Assembly Standing Committee on
Tourism. the Arts and Sports
Development to meet iii special
Il 'ttring Wednesday.

The committee convened to
discuss a joint house bill which
would require all New York state
travel agencies to be licensed by tltc
Secretary of State. In order to
become legally registered. lravcl

 

agencies would be required to post a,

surety bond iii an amount
equivalent to at least one-sixth of
the firtn's previous year's earnings.
However. the bill requires that tltc
bond's worth not exceed $50,000
nor fall below $10,000.

State Senator Joseph l’istmi and
Assemblyman lvnu Lafayette.
sponsors of tire hill. stipulated thttt
travel agents dealing only Ill charter
airline reservations be given an ad-
ditional option. Instead of posting
surety bonds. these agents may
register each individual travel
package offered with tltc federal
Civil Aeronautics Board.

In a memorandum supporting tltc
bill. l’isnui stressed the need to deal

‘iriduslry."

with the problem of “l‘ly-by-rtight
firms" and to ensure “technical
skill. training and experience itiid
good tttoriil character" within tltc
tritch prof sion.

“This is a fantastically growing
l’isani continued.
“livery effort must be made to
maintain at till times public cort-
fidcucc in tire travel agencies."

New York's travel industry.
however. feels that Pisaui uttd
Lafayette are going about rcfortri of
tire industry in ctrtircly the wrong
way. Representatives of travel agen-
cies front across the state testified Ill
tltc committee hearing that the bill
would be disastrous to their
businesses. “1 urge you to abatt-
don the precept of licertsure of
travel agencies." said Cortcordc
Group Travel Cortccpts Interna-
tional President William Strauss ll.
“Exercise control over the actual
sellers of service. It would be unjust
to require art agency. ratltcr tltart
the actttal provider of services. to
post bonds Such bonds cannot
protect the individual travel cort-
sumcr."

Strauss stressed that travel agen-
cics do business by obtaining COIII-
mitrucnts front hotels. sightseeing
services. airlines and firms pro-
viding other means of transporta-
If these cotnmittntcnts‘ are not
honored. the ll'ichl agencies cannot
be held responsible for the results.
he said. _

r'mttintlcd on page eight

PAGE THREE

 

 

 

"run... . .

 

 

 

 

 

 

