 

v title's-.t .~
Altman's}

 

 of a boring litett;
‘ : Get involved in the
,,  stream;
a.

Make lite-time friends, gain valuable experience and leadership skills.

Join all or one or two at the many all groups.
For info slop byte ill or call 457-5057

 

 

 

mm for .eltelnent?
' loin-the - ,_ -
Great Dane Pep Bncl!

Get Involved with.
Abany State Sports

watch so:- further‘
details" \

II you have any questions.
call Erie 151-114: I

 

 

Attention Crooks!!!

Effective immediately, there will be a $20 per
court appearance charge It your case It handled by
the Student Association Legal Services staff. This Is
an inevitable but still economical change that will
allow us to continue to "provide the excellent service

that you've seen to date.

Lesson: Keep your nose clean '
and watch the "serlous" stuff.

 

to live it.
Bob Dylan’s new album Slow Train '

has always alluded to a mixture of modern

and ancient spirituality. As he told Rolling

Stone a few months ago, “all my albums have

contained religious overtones — get the first

one." And when he first came to New York in

the late fities his inﬂuences were the black

gospel singers, as well as folk singers. But

throughout his career the religious overtones
have been in the shadows of his music,‘
echoes in the taunting, angry, or desperate
passion of his'lyrics.

Stuart Matranga

 

 

Dylan is not a great poet, or minstrel, or
entertainer, or clown, trapeze artist, jester,
king, rebel, sage, or preist. He is all those
things, and none of them. His success as an
artist came from his ambiguity. Who is Bob
Dylan?

Dylan has always been just insincere
enough to cast doubt over his statements. in

 

 

 

COME CAMPING WITH J.S.C. —- HILLEL
Theme: The Two Faces of an American Jew
"integrating Judiasm into a Secular
Existence”
or
"integrating secularism into a Jewish
Existence”
Date: Late Afternoon, Friday, Oct. 5 thru
Evening, Sunday,Oct.7-
Place: Camp Dippikill
Cost: Freshman Members: $10.00
' Other Members: $12.00
A perfect to celebrate Sukkot. Kashrut and
Yontiv will be observed
Bring sleeping bags, etc.
Reservations: Mail check to J.S.C.-Hillel
. PO. Box 22249 SUNYAt or
come by tables in Campus Center sept.10.14

 

many ways he is a magician and his art is the
manipulation of illusion; including his own
identity. Yet something tangible always
seems to have been there. it seemed that at
the end of every song he was about to reveal
something more of himself. Something
hidden under veiled layers of harmonica riffs.
The harmonica was the non-verbal
articulation of Dylan's mystery.

' There is no harmonica in Slow Train
Coming. Dylan has stopped posing
questions, but the accusations are still ripe.
He's found something unexpected, but not
surprising. He’s found Jesus. Or maybe he's
just chosen now to tell us.

Every song expresses his conversion or
"reawakening" to Jesus's way of thinking. He
has forged an identity on this album out of
clay instead of veils, and he comments in the
ﬁrst song, “Gotta Serve Somebody," that
everyone has to choose, ambassodors,
gamblers, heavyweight champions, socialites,
everyone, between the Lord and the devil.
Dylan sings in a controlled confidant voice.
The characteristic harshness is gone, the
ironic wit remains. In "Precious Angel" he
announces the choice between good and evil

 

 

 

info: Call 727508 or Jackie at 438-3249

 

 

a. i. tenure - 2—. at. 2 use». -  1v

Bob Dylan: You talk about a life of Brotherly love, Showme someone who knows how

as an ultimatum: You either get faith or you.

. , u
Coming, might surprise some people. Dylan get non-beliel/There am t no neutral ground.

Coming from anyone else it might be called
sermonizing, but Dylan has always battered
his audience over their heads with his high
morality and his ideals of integrity. Either they
have gotten used to it or they have left.

In the well-toned ballad "l Believe in You"
Dylan talks to God. He has chosen the good

path, others ridicule him for his beliefs, but as '

long as he has God in his heart, he is not
alone: “Don't let me drift too lar/ Keep me
where vou are/ Where I will always be
renewed.../ fdon’t mind the pain/ Don't mind
the driving rain/ Because I believe in you,"
if “I Belive In You" is a beautiful paen to
Man’s devotion to God despite all hardship
(i.e., Job), “Slow Train,” is the last song on
side one, a funkrrock tough song, isawarning
to all the “falsehealers,” “womanhatcrs,” and
sinners, especially the ones who wear a
"cloak of descency." Sounding more like a
biblical prophet lambasting the wicked mob
for their blasphemy, a disgusted Dylan
accuses Americans of abdicating their land to
“foreign all," being greedy, selfish, easily
manipulated, nasty, and hypocritical:
’"There‘s illusion in the vision/ Follow your
own ambition./ You talk about a life 0/
brotherly love/ .Show me someone who
knows how to live it. "
in side two Dylan berates all wordly
endeavors and institutions as he always has
but now he's asking us not to worry about
how many miles we have to walk before we
find ourselves. “God don’t make promises He
don't keep," he sings. He parades a catalogue
of do’s and don't's, presenting a Christian
morality based on the Ten Commandments
and the Sermon on the'Mount. “Strengthen
the things that remain" he sings in l'When
You Gonna Wake Up," don't waste time on
the transient materialism of this world.
Salvation is there, but we have to deserve it by
shucking the corruptive inﬂuences and
trusting God: "Do you ever wonderjust what
God requireSP/ You think He'sjustan errand
boy/ To satis/y your wondering desires?"
Slow Train Coming might Seem very
simplistic to some, desperate to others. When

i

t

_ _ pects

explanations. or maybejust a little inspiration.

We can ﬁght the world-as-it-is, or we can hide,
but we can also look beyond our senses and
knowledge and into the misty unknown space

of possibility. Dylan sounds certain, maybe he '

15.
Dylan has chosen a marvelous vehicle to air
his beliefs. Dylan, Jerry Wexler, Barry
Beckett, and the Muscle Shoals Sound Studio
have conspired to create probably the best
produced Dylan studio album ever, coming
after worst, the shoddin constructed Street
Legal. it's basically the same personnel on
both albums, but now the sound is much
more controlled. The female back-up singers,
Carolyn Dennis, Helena Springs, and Regina
, Havis, come in exactly when they should to
highlight certain phrases. Beckett, Billy
Prestonish on keyboards, sneaks in with full
soul passages on the organ, and is crisp and
clean on piano. Mark Knopﬂer, between gigs

Fear 0/ Music, the third album by the

‘ Talking Heads, is perhaps the first record
on which the band is not forced to assart
themselves as leaders of the new wave.
Talking Heads '77 was a startling and brilliant
album that remains a hallmark of East Coast
new wave; More Songs About Buildings 8:
Food proved that the band, unlike the Cars or
Blondie, could maintain its distinctive flavor
and artistic integrity, without succumbing to
' commercial pressure to produce hits that
sound formulated and fundamently similiar.

Rave

The success of those ,Heads albums amidst
the myriad of rubber stamp punk groups who
have since surfaced brought renewed faith in
audience taste and creative direction to
serious listenei's; finally there was an artistic
rock group of the sort of the Beatles and Pink
Floyd, joined 'with the neo-pop sounds ofsuch
I sensitive artists as Bowie and Eno. The New

 

i  Wave, moreso with the Talking Heads than

, any other band, had arrived.
Fear of Music is somehow different from.
’ hose first two albums. The absence of
ressure to produce meaningful rock/art has
, been replaced by the pressure to capture less
rious tastes; to sell music with meaning to
the public at large. The result is both positive

. r and negative. in the example of both The
‘ 'Beatles and Pink Floyd, the Talking Heads

dare learning to treat their recorded music
with restraint. Anyone who has seen the
Talking Heads and especially David Byrne in
concert, knows that such intensity cannot
possibly be captured on vinyl. Songs‘such as
“Pulled Up" and “Artists Only”illustrale what
happpens when too much expression is
forced into recording, and Byrne is careful not
to try it here. Taking his cues more from "The
Big Country" and “No Compassion," Byrne's
new music is more subtle and perhaps more
listenabie. To the seasoned Head fan there
will be many portions of music that will take

,

Talking Heal: erry
loathing in the big ,country.

. rrioon, David . Tina chmouth, Chlll

 

with his Dire Straits and Steely Dan,_ plays a
cool guitar. Dylan’s usual harmonica would
confront the mind and challenge it to
interpret. Knopfler's long/high notes pierce
the soul with uninterpertable clarity. The
other side men are Pick Withers, also from
the Straits, who plays a subtle drum, and
Crazy Horse, Tim Drummond on bass. The
Muscle Shoals Horn section fill out the
Rhythm and Blues atmosphere. And the old
“voice of sand and glue" has nevér sounded
better.

Dylan's newest album may put a lot of
peoplepff because of its blatant evangelistic
sermons, but the music alone is so good that
it's worth the price of admission into Dylan's
church. Even if you're not a dues-paying
member of the Oral Roberts fan club. or
Stevie Wonder, Slow Train Coming is a
fascinating, provoking, and rewarding album.
And what the hell, a little religion never hurts.

Fear

off thematically, but remain tame musically.
Lost are Byrne's marvelously erratic and
startling guitar and vocal manipulations
(with notable exceptions on “Drugs,”
"Cities," "Mind" and"Animals") but they
are replaced by a more uniform sense of
tempo and dynamics that make the album
both danceable and melodious.

it would be wrong to imply that the Talking
Heads have sold out to popular New Wave

~

r ’ I." . a".
Led Zeppelin: Smuggled in like a bottle of Jack Daniels in a brown paperbag,eoch_
cut on the album hits you like a swig of—whiskey. _ ‘

Zen Finds
The Door

Led Zeppelin's new album is not their best;
nor is it their worst. Every supergroup still
recording is plagued by never ending
comparisons to their artistic and commercial
heyday, which is unfair to the group and the
new music they are making. In Through The

fastest bUl Fear 0/ MUSIC is an album Wthh Out Door is Zeppelin's first studio LP in

aspires toward a broader spectrum of
audience acceptance than previous Heads
albums. Without a doubt, one striking
exception is “Drugs,” which takes full
advantage of Byrne’s and Ends studio
expertise to achieve an effect of
disorientation that is not even attempted in
cancer-t. Most listeners will appreciate Erin's
help more on this album than on More Songs,
because instead of playing and composing
as he did on More Songs, Eno adds his
electronic wizardry by "treating" already
recorded basic tracks.

As for the rest of the album, it ‘is not as
masterful as the previous works, but It

almost three years, after some tragedy, a bad
live album, and a wild, uncontrollable tour
that ended abrubtly with the death of Robert
Plant‘s five year old son. Despite all that, and
put in its proper perspective as an LP by a
group that has done its climbing (Led Zepl, ii,
iii), done the superstardom route of its
creative peak (Zofo, Houses of the Holy,
Physical Graffiti), and ridden on the laurels of
.lhat peak (Presence, The Song Remains The
Same), the new album is just fine. '

Quincy Nessig

Just what the average Led Zeppelin fan

 

remains an excellent endeavor with the - expects fromanew albumis beyond me,and|

un'nistakeable imprint of Byrne’s music and
lyrics. There is a wide variety of songs, each
distinctive and clever, ranging from slow and
eerie stylization on “Heaven” and "Memories
Can’t Wait,” through more rousing and
upbeat works such as "Cities," “Paper,” and
"Life During Wartime." The tracks that open
both side, "Air" and “Mind,” are fine ttmes
worth more than cursory attention.
“Animals,” and “Drugs,” and "l Zimbra" all
show evidence of the influence of David
Bowie (Byrne has always utilized and stylized
Bowie's vocal manipulations) and as
mentioned before, “Drugs” is the album’s
tour de force.

if there is any fear on this album, it's the
Head's fear of taking their music to artistic
extremes that might isolate them from the
audience they seek to attract.

think it's beyond Zep as well. When they gave
us "more of the same" with Presence, it didn't
click; people didn’t want more of the same.
When a live album and film arrived, the fans
rejected both v from a group that can sell out
an arena in six seconds. Well now they’ve
given us In Through The Out Door, and while
it naturally contains a certain amount ul
"more of the same" it is unquestionablya leap
in a new, and maybe final direction. After all,
how many years do any of these supergroups
really have left? So who knows? Maybe the
fans will buy it in droves, maybe they'll reject
this one as well. Either way, the record is a fun
fling with a few minor weak spots, a one-two
punch of vitalized Zep, and for Ibis group at
this time, an unquestionably successful
return.

The record's two sides separate the album
musically and stylistically. The first side is an
upbeat, boppity type of sound, nearing the
country sound of an electrified, shock
therapied Nashville. The songs here have
been designed to sound loose, yet they are as
tight as a well-fit ting glove. The
conglomeralion of sounds is diverse and
jumbled, yet each track manages to come
together to form a presentable, unified whole.
“’5 light looseness, fully intentional, acutely
planned.

A fine example is the opener, "In The
Evening." Bursting into its tune after a
subdued, eerie introduction, the sound seems
to explode in every direction out of every
corner. The immediate reaction is to start
bringing your hands to your ears, but before
they get them, you'll think again, and begin to
bring them right down. These songs grow n

lyou as fast as their tempo. “South Bound

Saurez" continues in this vein, and by this ‘

point, my only qualm is Plant's vase, a little
undermixed, a little unenthusiastic. That will
change on side two.

“Fool in the Rain" and “Hot Dog"end side
one, and the former is _a brilliantly tempoed
bopper, the latter being straight out of‘
Nashville, England, if such a place exists.
Despite the effeciency of the first side, one
can't help but notice the fundamental
changes in the group’s style. The piano and
keyboards are more potent then ever before,l
the guitar is just a little bit different in1
'execution. Nor‘ more“ of 'the underlying
unavoidable riffs that usually form the
backbone of a Led Zeppelin rocker. These
are not songs around a guitar line, but songs
around a melody line.

Side two is a complement to side one. The
three tracks here are all different from side
one, and each other. This Side does resemble
the Zeppelin of old more, but don’t let that
give you preconceptions. This stuff is quite
new. "Cairousclambra" is a ten minute outing
reminiscent of some Presence stuff, with
some driving guitar, pace changes, and a
good Plant vocal.

“All My Love" may be the most interesting
cut on the album, and maybe the most '
unusual Zeppelin cut yet. Vaguely
reminiscent of some of “Kashmir's” eastern
nuances, it also has a classically structured
synthesizer solo in the middle, and begins
with a similar synthesizer opening. Once
again, Plant's vocals are stronger and louder
than on side one, but they culminate in the
best sung song on the entire album, the last
track.

“l’m Gonna Crawl” is classic Zeppelin. The
ending number is a return to the older days, a
song that seems to bring it all together. Plant‘s
vocals are terrific, and Page has produced
them in a useful, forceful way. The song is a
bluesy rocking, melodic love tune that brings
out some well known Page guitar styles with
the new techniques that are being used on the
rest of the newalbum. ll isa fitting conclusion,
a satisfying end.

Led Zeppelin has gone in through the out
door. They’ve ended upin the same place, but
they've taken a different route. Seeing their
role as the ultimate bar band, the album cover
(there are no less than six variations) is the
ultimate Classic bar, the place they have finally
come back to. The trip itself has been a wild
one, but it probably isn't over. According to
sources, the group will take it to the road
before the year is out in their first tour in two
and a half years.

Recently, they gave a concert in London,~
their first in a while, and the reports were less
than complimentary. Can the ace live band be
slipping? l'm still willing to spend $50 a ticket
to see.

 

 

 

.J

 

all else fails people tend to turn to God for

t”

 

 

