 

 

 

 

 

Teach!
Professor, Teach!

by Robln Lester
At a recent alumni reunion, a l978 high
school graduate told me she was shocked
during her ﬁrst class at a leading university.
The young teaching assistant. who had been
given complete responsibility for teaching a
freshman English class. asserted: “i don‘t
want to be here any more than you want to be
here. My ﬁrst responsibility is to myself and
my doctoral work and l will be happier than
you when this course is ﬁnished."
This instructor merely put into words an

attitude that is all too pervasive in college

classrooms: the teachers would rather be

somewhere else. t

in all the recent discussions of college
curricula —— “back to basics." "core
curriculum" or general education — nobody
seems to have addressed the quality of l
undergraduate teaching.

Undergraduate education is not where the
action is for many professors; and. somewhat
paradoxically. the poorest attitudes are found
at our ﬁnest universities. indeed. my stricture i
is directed primarily toward colleges attached l
to graduate institutions. University and
college leaders have made some attempts
recently to "reform" parts of undergraduate
life. The reform leaders have blamed the
students‘ prc-collcgiate preparation and they
have changed the college curriculum. They
have not addressed the comparatively low
regard in which teaching undergraduates is
held by the professoriate.

The Stanford University Committee on

Undergraduate Admissions published “A
Memo to Secondary Schools. Students. and
Parents" last autumn. The committee. which
represented faculty opinion. was concerned
about the lack of intellectually respectable
secondary-school courses and the tendency of
high school students to take the lightest load
possible. Ostensibly disclriiming any desire to
assume the task of reforming the nation's
secondary curriculum. the committee
nonetheless set out the Stanford faculty‘s
expectations for incoming undergraduates.
This type of approach has led to significant
reforms among the better high schools iii the
past; such prompting from the college st'ctor is
overdue and should result in more rigorous
:rcondary preparation. Many colleges are
now revising their curricula toward more
traditional requirements. Many have
accomplished their revisions despite studcnls'
objections.

no. u

But the issue that reforms have not
addressed and upon which all their good
intentions most likely will be dashed regards
undergraduate teaching. Good teaching. on
the rare occasions when it appears in colleges.
occurs largely despitethe system. not because
of it. The current need among professors is a
change of values to effect signiﬁcant reform:
They simply must value the teaching of
undergraduates more highly.

: The change of values necessary to insure
excellence in college education has not been
addressed very successfully in the past and is

linfrcqucntly addressed today. President
Robert M. Hutchins at the University of
Chicago. in the l930‘s and 1940's. mtidc
perhaps the boldest moves to right the
imbalance of research over teaching. He
proposed several antidotes. among them the
infamous contract by which the Chicago

professors would give to the university a
portion of the royalties and outside personal
income earned while on the institutional
payroll! A more sanguine l-iutchins proposal
was to separate the university (the graduate
divisions) from the college to protect the

collegiate vtilucs ofgcneral education and fine

teaching from the incursions of the graduate
schools" spccitili/ation and research. Several
university-reform leaders have informed mt:
that they can't or won‘t -—-- attempt such
thorough change. Unless more courageous
leadership appears. it is unlikely that the
graduate-oriented teachers will reform
themselves. I suspect. however. that the
dreadful market for the products of the
research universities will magically transform
the way the college enterprise is viewed.
Many of us in pro-collegiate education have
waited patiently for the colleges to ttikc up
their responsibilities of general education
again. Many of Anicricti‘s most prestigious
colleges stood for little in the last decade save
for priil‘cssors‘ self-interest. The high schools
hiivc bird to stand for much. probably too
much. for zit times we have found ourselves
the sole triinsmittcrs ofthe prist rind ofgencrtil
education. We itppliiud the prodigals‘ return
to the adult business ofdcfiningthc curricular
content and setting up predictable ways in
which we can get about the transmission and
extension of our culture. We cart only hope
that tlic required professoriul change of values
accompanies the change of curriculum.

x
Reprinted/rout lllt' New York Times.

 

 

 

 

 

Nuclear Power:
Negative Reaction

To the Editor:

ln a letter to the ASP last Friday. Paul
Kirkaas-Varvayanis extolled the virtues of
nuclear power. with a line similar to the
desperate “trust us" appeals put 9"!th the
nuclear power companies. The objections to
nuclear power are considerably more serious
than Paul lrivializes them to be. Before
outlining them. i must take issue with a
number of his statements; First. there were a
number of irresponsible statements made:
irresponsible because they are merely
statements without any basis of backing to
them.

“Per wait of power produced. fossil fuels
kill thousands. millions of times more people
than nuclear power." Without cvcn arguing
the point. I am curious how he arrived at such
ﬁgures. it sounds more like he wasjust using
large. nebulous numbers to flower an
unqualiﬁed statement.

“Even should a major nuclear accident
occur. far fewer people would be affected
than those who are now killed from oil and
pollution." Again. he provides no basis for
such it statement. Are we to accept that
statement as ftict merely because it was
mridc'.’

“Petrochemical energy is more dangerous
than nuclear power. it is more dangerous."
How and why'.’

“(A major accident) is an exceptional
situation. and probably would not occur in a
hundred years.“ Besides questioning tltc
basis of this . itemcnt.l am curious what he
means by a major accident. Radiation leaks.
accidental radioactive waste spills. and
cooling system breakdowns might not be a
major accident by his standards. but to those
contracting cancer. leukemia. and genetic
birth defects caused by radioactive
contamination it might sccni important.

My objections to nuclear power generally
full into four categories:

l. Rtidizition is routinely released into tlrc
atmosphere and water by nuclear power
plants. This much is admitted to by the
nuclear power companies. Their onlydcfcnsc
of this has bcctt that it is a “safe level" of
radiation. Unfortunately. physicists generally
agree that there is no such thing as a “safe
level" of radiation. In it report issued to the
Electrical and Electronic Engineers in I969.
Dr. (iofman estimated “if the average
exposure of the U.S. population were to
rcrich ,l7 REMS per year average“ (the
amount legally allowable under federal
regulations) “there would be. in time. in
excess of 32.000 cases of frittil cancer plus

leukemia per year. and this would occur year
after year." Whether or not one wants to
quibble over exact ﬁgures. it is clear that any
amount of radiation —— even low level i;
extremely dangerous to the population,
Cancer and leukemia. which are pro\en
results of radioactive contamination. .m-
considerably higher in areas surrounding
nuclear plants. according to rest-arch
conducted at the CcntcrforDiseasc Control.
Clearly then. these routine radiation lurk...“
a danger to our health and safety.

2. The waste problem is among the most
serious. Again. even the nuclear pmlt'r
companies admit that they have found no stile
method of disposing of nuclear waste. l't-t.
nuclear wastes are presently being
transported through our Cities and dumped
haphazardly in dump sites such its Wcsl
Valley. Radioactive plutonium wuslcs ll.’t\c .i
lifespan of500.000 years. My question is. \iliin
are the nuclear corporations going to storcii
in that has a similar life sptiri‘.’

3. The high possibility of tin itCCltlt'lIl lllllllt'
makes nuclear power ltiti (litlltjt’ltill‘. to
continue. The past record of nuke plant» l\
extremely poor. In I977 ill the Nllllt'sltlni‘l
plant in Connecticut. two Cisllllhltilh
occurred in tire pipes carrying l'ittlltiltt'lHi‘
gas. rclctising the gtisinto the rttniosplit'it- In
I976 sit the some pllllll. n prtrtiril rirclitlonri
occurred. releasing tin unknown :iriioiirit oi
radiation into the environment. The Vermont
Yankee plant accidentally dumped Mono
gallons of radiotictivc Willcl into lllt‘
Connecticut River in I976 lllllllll
swimming. Large quantities of r'ntlionttrtt-
water were rcccntly leaked from Minion
Turkey l’oint Reactor. and front lllt' fl‘»~ltl
Creek and Zion nuke plitnts.l won‘t lllllt' tori
with more examples. btit there lllt' 1min
more. (Hey notice. i did not eicri lllt'llllHli
Three Mile island?)

4. We don‘t know how tittiny PL'tlplt' ll.t\t‘
been or will he killed by nuclctir'piiu er \\ 5 do
know that cows and plant life li\iiii: iri .trut»
surrounding nuke plants such its llllt‘l' \lllt‘
lslrintl have been dying off in large llllllll‘t‘l\
Sometimes tlic effects of rzidiiitrori illt’ not
seen for mtirty years. Many CililL‘t'l limitlo
have been reported in people li\iiig Ill tilt.“
surrounding nuclear test sites lroiii litit-i-rt
years ago. That was when lllltflttttl pott t'l '.\.i~
on a small scale. it hits since incrruwil .i
hiindrcdfold. i would hate to see the I L'sllll » or
nuclear plants presently in UpL'l'Hlltitl In‘tl
years front now.

Just a few additional points. l‘ll\l. tin
insurttncc company in the iirition \\lll iriuiii- .r
nukc pltinl - they know the true lltl/llltl\

Naturally tltc technology for \lltll or
energy system to replace nukes (“It's not
seem to exist, Energy sources are coritiollt'tl

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

lT TOMS

l 0T0

 

0H5 Bio 6W0.

AMERICA

 

 

 

 

 

 

A
A

 

by a small number of energy corporations.
who have decided to go nuclear and not
research solar. if the federal government
would spent even a small portion‘ of the
money it presently spends on nuclear power
on solar. solar energy could be made cheap. A
last point —-» nuelear power presently supplies
only about 3% of our energy supply. A
complete shutdown of nuelear plants would
not shut down the country. Between
conservation. increased solar research. and a
temporary conversion to fossil fuel. we would
still be able to exist.

Clearly then. Paul. your statement that
“the fears of nuclear power have on rational
basis“ is not based in fact.

It is time for us to say NO to the few
corporations who are playing with human
lives in order to increase proﬁts. it is time we
say no to the federal government that works
with these corporations. We mtrst dcmtind ti
shutdown of all nuclear plants.

A no—nukcs organilation has recently been
formed on campus. l urge every student to
involve hint/herself in it in some way. ASP
ads. letters. and posters should keep the
people posted on when meetings illitl events
will trike plticc. Stand up for your right to
reject illiy energy source that is it provcti
detriment to health and safety. Shut them
dowti. now!

llrucc (‘roniti
SASll

Letter
For Vicky

To the Editor:

I am writing concerning it matter that con.
and many times does. touch each of us
everyday of our lives. For many. it is it deadly
lllltl trtigic fact of life.

What l am referring to is the extremely
iittportant matter of ottr kidneys. 'l‘hosc vital
organs ofour body that the majority ofus take
for granted. and seldom ifcvcr think about 7
unless something goes wrong and they cease
to function for us. Then we really begin to
think about them. Or possibly this infliction
happens to someone close to us such its otir
pilrcnts. friends. wile. husband. or 7 Our
children

Well. l happen to he the father of it little
seven yctir old girl who has this problem. She
is presently living on ()Ilt' kidney that is failing.

When it fails altogether. slit: willcithcr have to
live upon an Artificial Kidney Machine. or
die. I as the father do not wish for either of
these things to huppcn. A Kidney Machine
will cost in the neighborhood of $28000 ti
year. and the other v l do not even care to
consider.

But yet tltcrc is still hope! I have found it
person who is more than willing to donate one
of his kidneys to my daughter so that she may
live a normal life. But there is one deeply
depressing problem. $53 MONEY 55$.

l must not only pay for the Doctor.
Hospitalization. Medication. and tltc many
other expenses concerning this operation. btit
l must also pay for the Doctor.
Hospitalization. Surgery. and Mcdiczition of
tlic Donor. This operation has a cost that is
astronomical. but it is much less expensive
than an Artifieiiil Kidney Machine.

So I run in desperate need of financial help.
l litch never before risked tinyonc forliclp. but
in this situation I must. for my daughter‘s
suite. The sooner Vicky (my (ltiughtcr) can

have this transplant. the brim llL'l' chances are
of having it long. lltlllllfll lilc. '

The only thing lllitl l have left is my pride.
but it l must. i will gladly contribute evcn

illlVitlltl till the runny stiiriliccs i must iniikeirt
her behalf. [1' l intist bcg. | shrill do thiit. it
hugging is the only wiiy lcll to iicquiit.

Kidney Trtitisplitnt.

(lonntions towurd this very
purpose. Please. pletisc contribute
possibly crin. Y

lllill. for Vicky's sake, I lct‘l that she is \Vtrl'lll

‘.v i .r r r- '5

financial help so that Vltlt) Ltlll Irate thi
ltiitt risking front the depths of my heart for
worth—while
Wllill you
on will certuinly receive my

 

 

 

‘

 

heartfelt gratitude. but also the thanks and

gratitude of my daughter Vicky. who tltrougb

your donations can live a more normal life.

Please make all donations to the below name
and address.

A Truly Concerned Father.

Stan VCntlblC

P.O Box 6982

Kcrincwick. Washington 9930]

Attention
Seniors!

To the Editor:

This is iln open letter to tlll seniors. The
Class of l980 will be having its ﬁrst meeting
this 'l'litirsdtiy night tit 7:30 in the Canist
Center l’titroott Ronni Lounge. We will be
discussing plttits for Senior Week.
Graduation. il Graduation Speaker. a survey
to decide when our yearbook will come otit its
well its otlicrfutitrc events. 'l be (lit ss Council
is open to illl Seniors tllitl \sclconics 2!“ new
members and encourages anyone who liars
ideas for these events to tittcnd this meeting
and to share them with us. Most ol the
tirritngcittcnls for these activities must be
inside many months in il(l\‘fll1CL‘. so the time to
express your opinions and itlciis is NOW. We
urge tlll seniors to ltclp us nizikc llltl‘ liist yciii'
ill SUNYA otir best year. Well look forward
tti seeing many of yoti llicrc.

Dine Weintrziub
President

Ron l.icbo\vit/
Vicc-l’i'csitlcnt

.lotli l‘liL'lt
Secretary-l rciisurcr

SUNYA
Is Its People

To the Editor:

Damgming The Alcohol Flood

‘ There is the idea that if one drinks alcohol, one is socially acceptable. There is also

the idea that the moon is made of green-cheese. There was another idea. a few years

.back. that people of this state were responsible enough to drink legally at eighteen.

' Why that was signed into law is still a mystery to me. but there is no exaggerating when

I say that there have been thousands of highway deaths as a result, an uncountable

number of vandalism incidents. and the worst of all. a depressing dependence of
today‘s college youth on liquor. bars, and drugs as a social crutch.

At SUNYA. there is no denying that alcohol. over a good book or a burning

political discussion. is the leisure time activity. Have you ever counted the number of
bars that thrive off campus? How many dry parties has your house or dorm thrown?
These questions may appear sarcastic. but the reality of this situation is what is so
sobering.

Starting this semester. there is a new alcohol policy for on campus drinking. While
we applaud the administration for their realiuition of the existence ofa problem. the
new policy will prove to be as effective as posting a sign in every bar saying “Please
don‘t drink." '

At the risk of sounding reactionary. this newspaper encourages limiting the use of
alcohol on campus. to lower the frequency of vandalism. save lives. and. less
obviously. to try rind instill the fccling in new students that a very good time can be had
at SUNYA without resorting to a drink. a keg. or an ounce.

The new policy is tittcrly ridiculous. it is easy to get around hya simple falsification
of attendance estimates. illld that is no secret. at least not to the students. What is
wrong with this policy is that it is tryingto limit the use ol'tilcohol. not discourage itull
together. Let‘s face it. when students drink. they really drink. rind iftlie liquor runs out
early at it pnrty. there‘s always anotlicr party. it bar. or :i bottle back at the room. lfzt
drink is wanted. it drink will be got.

The trick then. is to make thc drink less wanted.

Why an individual drinks isttn inipossihlc qiieslion to answer. but generally. it stems
from a need to escape. Escape work. csctipc it daily run. escape the world. There is
nothing wrong with escaping. btit why to liquor? interestingly enough. when
questioned. many students claim that they really do not enjoy drinkingthtit much tit
till. bill they do it because there it nothing bl‘llt'r to do!

'l'licrcforc. the goal is to crciitc something bcltcr to do. Last year. (‘oloniitl Quad
tried a SOllliR (Stay ()ff Home linjoy Reality) weekend. and the event was an
undeniable success. Without alcohol. students actually had it good time. Trivia
conlcsts. fifties parties. grime shows. talent shows. and coffee houses are all popular on
campus. btit none are given its much weight in the quad rind dorm budgets as the
parties with liquor. When tried. dry events have it good success record. but they are not
often tried.

Apparently. the administration is so out oftoiicli with the problem‘s tt'uc focus. that
they are not the best orgoniltition to bundle it. The students. on the other liiind.tirc so
wrapped tip in it they cririnot see the way ottt. 'l‘licrcforc. wcrirc calling on the Student
Association and Resident Assistants to become involved with this issue. it is no less

 

 

 

in my couple ol yciii's ill SUNYA l have
sometimes lcll llllll it is it very lairgc. cold fllltl
loncly [)ltICL‘. pcrlittps because ofits si/c illltl
stortcy structure. litit recently in the stream
of life itl SUNYA l lottrid it warm spot tititl its
tilwriys when you seek you shrill find. The
point of this lcltcr is to get the people tit this
university to rciili/c. bcloi'c tlic illllL‘ rushes
by. that underneath the whiteness. the
brightness. {Hill the stone it is l’li()|’l.li lllill
make this it working. thriving. viltil plticc
and that is the importance of this university.
’l 0 get to tlicctisc iii point. i wont to thank Ricki
illltl .lill Nelson and fill incredible crew of
summer assistant. (Tim and Karen l‘icrlc.
Kcviti Lcc. ('tit'l Sclioder. (‘htick Scully) itl
('nnip Dippikill on belitill of myself and lllL'
university for being the hardworking tlcvotctl
pctiplc that they ltl'L‘.
'lhiink you.
Sharon littss

Students
Oi Albany State:
Are You
Angry?
Mad?
Upset?
Then Write
A Letter

serious than it tiritiori hike. :in expensive bookstore. or withdrawal policies.

When it quad is budgeted. it should riotjust present an expense line for parties. btit
iln expense line for liqtior. This line should be given it strict ccilirtg which would allow
for it limited nuriibcr of alcohol piirtics. Dorms should be given ti maximum of. say.
two alcohol piirtics till yL‘ltl’. and RA's should be required to hold at lczist. stiy. ﬁve
different dry events during the year. The dry events should be innovative. WCll thought
otit furtclions designed to lurc away it student front a drinking tiltcririitivc.

A policy is not it policy unless it is implemented. a solution is no solution without
results. The Lamp Post was mobbed all weekend. Clinton littll‘s alcohol party was
packed. it rid off-campus parties had a record titiriibcr of kegs. The key to the problcrri
is alternatives. and the new alcohol policy offers none. .ltist thc idcti that six or seven
drinks is better than iiirtc or ten. J-Bto-

Jay 8. Gissen, Editor-in-Cltic/
Ronald Levy. Richard Behar. Managing Editors

 

Charles Bell
Wendy Greenfield, Michele lsrael
Stuart Matrangn
Paul Schwartz
. Mike Dunne
Eric Salzinger

News Editor .

Associate News Editors . . .
ASPects Editor . . . .
Sports Editor . . .

Associate Spor
Editorial Pages Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Staff Writers: lid Goodman. Mark Rossicr. Beth Sexer. Aron Smith. chbySmith, Hy Stadlen
SUNYA News Briefs: Evelyn Ellis

Debbie Kopf. Business Manager
. .Steve Goldstcin
Lisn Applebaum
. .Aniy Sours

Advertising Manager

Billing Accountant

Composition Manager . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Sales: Kathy Boson, Rich Seligson Classifier! Advertising: Steve Maucr. September Klein
Composition: Fran Diamond Advertising Production: Randye Baer, Sue Housman
Donna Reichcr. Amy Stitirs Ollie :volyri Ellis

Robin Goldberg]. Marty Vttltovicli, Production Managers
Mitchell Golding. .lordnn Motzgcr. Associate Production Managers
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . Dave Benjamin

Vertical Cninoro ‘ I
. .Mttrilyri ‘Specdy l'iiigicrs' Moskowttz

lypist 
Pasto up: Vincent Aitzllo. Lisa Bongioino. Mtii‘iir llallilllt) Proofreaders: Sue Lichtenstein.
Ronnie Suchcr Headliner: [)onnn Rcirhnur Chauffeur: Andy l’niizci‘
Photography. supplied principally by University Photo Service
Established 1916
The Albruiy Sltirltml Press is published every Tuesday and Friday during the scltoolycrirby the
Albany Student Press Corporation. an independent. IlOl‘IOf-IHO/fl organization. Editoritilixrli'cy
's deterrirr'nutl by tlti: Ediloriii-Clile]. and is subject to review by the Editorial Board. Mailing
Address: Albany Student Press. CC 32‘). MOO Washington Ave” Albany, NY 12222.
(518) 457-8892

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

__.._,.
._.._..._._.._————-——-————‘

 

