v -r JJ—‘W" "I"  I  'Sﬁt'n‘W“ .. 1...“... ._ . _..

 

 

r

v
'71- c on»... Low/wrat‘ru " ' 4“ m ...

, . ..  _._.._w,  a; r':3*t;,~¢‘w,\\‘w‘='.A"12 3.". r m“? t:-

 

 

 

How not
to cheat
yourself

By WILLIAM V. GRIMES

et’s assume that the basic reason for doing
anything Is the gratification one gets out of

it, or out of the way of life of which It Is at

part. To find an activity gratifying, I think.

we can agree, Is to like the “felt qualities"

of experience that go with doing the activity. To find
that an experience has no felt quality bound up with It
Is to find the activity empty, or meaningless, and to
dislike the felt quality is to find the activity unpleasant,
something to avoid unless It is needed as a means to a
gratifying experience. Choosing a career, like any
other kind of valuation we make, is thus rational to the
extent that it is an effort to make an enlightened judg-
ment as to what choice would best contribute to a way
of life that would be more gratifying than alternatives.
This perhaps seems too obvious to need this kind of
spelling out, though a disturbing number of individuals
set out on career-preparation ventures without adev
quater weighing this most fundamental factor. What
could be more absurd than to choose to become a
chemist, accountant, lawyer, computer scientist,
manager, or whatever, if you don't have some pretty
good evidence that you will like the felt qualities of the
typical kinds of activities that make up doing that kind
of work. When you choose a career you are choosing
to give a certain choreography to your life: a kind of
shape and flow of existence manifesting a distinctive

I affective character, and that Is where you will be living

a substantial part of your life. it is very sad to find
many students choosing their careers on the basis of
what they have heard about current job possibilities
and the prospects of security and good pay, with very
_‘ little attention to whether they are the kind of person

 

.4 who wlll [Indlhnl kind of work really gratifying. Some
say they will berconcerned with gratification in their off

hours, but this seems a terribly self— destructive kind of
planning, especially for any individual living in our
society and capable of getting a college degree. Such a
deliberate semi-suicide seems grossly unnecessary.
Even with the current and predicted tight job market,
the probabilities that there are viable options that will
mesh with your motivations, your emotional needs.
are strong and worth your best Sherlock Holmes ef-
forts now—not five or ten years from now when you
might be trying to start over in another field.

Keep an open mind on what you ﬁnd most
gratifying. Getting a crystal-clear reading on this
issue at the age and time when you have to make ma-
jor decisions about courses and careers Is likely to be
quite impossible. Those distinctive likings and dislik-
ings you perhaps confidently brought along with you
to college and took to be a basic part of your personal
Identity often have a way of coming un'stuck during
the first year or two of college when previously uncon-
sidered options may suddenly light up for you and old
loves fade away. Such upheavals are normal and
healthy irrigations of the soul that can lead to the
ﬂowering of a more deeply rooted self, though the
"confusion and Indecisions" that are entailed can be
very troubling at a time when you are experiencing
great pressures (from yourself, family, peers) to get
things settled. But It is wise to keep your mind open,
even after you have chosen a major, as to what you
would like to be doing as a career, for you are not real-
ly making that final decision when you choose a ma-
)or, even If It Is described as a specific pre—professlonal
program.

This above I": get Intellectual skill-l This Is
probably the most basic theme of all of these essays.
The heart of your college education is not any body of
facts you can comrnlt to memory. Sad to say, you are
probably going to lose well over half of that so ar-
duously attained memory-bank within a short time
after leaving college. but If you have chosen your
courses wisely you will have lost very little of your real
education. A person who is a walking encyclopedia is
not necessarily an educated person. Your basic educa-
tion consists of two things: (l) the intellectual skills you
have acquired, I.e., your abilities to reason clearly,
'rralyze and organize material logically and creatively, I

 

 

 

 

 

think theoretically about your field, i.c.‘, 'how its basic

principles are related to each other and to their sup- '

porting data, and communicate effectively both In

writing and speaking; and (If), the interests and general

knowledgeablltty you have attained as a basis for en-

joying life in a variety of ways. Any course that

substantially advances you In the development of

these skills and enjoyment capacities is a solid and

worthwhile contribution to your education and to any

career you are likely to find yourself getting into later.

And any course In which you are required to merely

memorize and give back supposed “objective facts"

without being injoined to understand and appraise the

theories and contexts from which those “facts” are

derived is cheating you. l recall one of the traumas of

my undergraduate days was refusing to prepare for a

question we were forewarned might occur on a Greek

and Roman history midterm which called for simply

listing all the variations In forms of government in

Athens for a 30-year period. I told the person

teaching the course that I felt strongly that that kind of

meaningless rote-memory exercise was degrading to

the human mind. I got a "C" for the course as a conse-

quence of that stand—but sweet was the moment
when at the end of my junior year he was the person
who had to present me with my Phi Beta Kappa key!
If you know what you want to do for a career, and If

it Is a choice profession calling for a college degree, it
will be the "Intellectual skills" part of your education,
along with the technical Information acquired, that will
be essential to your success and advancement In the
field. if you have only some general idea of what you
want to do, and are having great difficulties selecting a
specific field or career goal right now, there is no need
for panic, for the basic skills required for all careers are
in large measure the same. When at a later date, fate
and a more matured motivation system have set
before you a specific career option, lacklngs in the area
of the technical information needed are much easier to

 

remedy than weak intellectual skills. If you have to
struggle to try to develop these “on the Job" you are
much more likely to go under in the competition, or
get stuck somewhere around the bottom of the ladder.

s other articles in this collection have noted,
the better graduate business and profes-
sional schools are tending more and
more to discourage applicants from get-
ting locked into highly specialized and

technically oriented pro-professional programs, for
these often short-change the student in the develop-
ment of both intellectual skills and wide-ranging In-
terests, both of which are basic to personal and profes‘
slonal well—being. The high priority which employers
give to intellectual skills and adequate personality
development Is reflected very dramatically In a study
made In 1977 by the Midwestern College Placement
Association: 332 employers were surveyed to deter-
mine the ten qualities they considered most important
In a job applicant. “Relevant courses" placed ninth,
and "grades" eighth, but “self—confidence,"
“communications skills," and "strong work Interests"
all placed around the top of the list. (More details on
this survey are given on the inside of the front cover of
the current Philosophy Department course description
bulletin.)

All this should be quite reassuring to all the persons
who have chosen courses with an eye to exploring
new fields and developing new interests who have also
been concerned that they get solid fare, but who at the
same tlrne continue to be unsure about just what kind
of career (or even major) they want. It has been my
experience that the people who tend to be unhappy
about what they did In college are not those who
wandered around among courses and majors because
they had a hard time making up their minds, but those
who either (a) couldn't get really interested in anything
in college or who (b) settled very early Into highly

 

specialized programs which they later came to realize
were too limiting or even basically wrong for them.

. I l.ecall wandering around from physics to
psychology to English and only finally settling In
philosophy well along In my junior year. But that
varied background has not only been very enrichenlng
to me in my career as a philosopher, It led to my
becoming, during several summers, a writer for a
high—level research engineering corporation. In that
connection I was involved In the development of
nuclear submarines, was part of a scientific expedition
which crossed the Greenland lcecap, and another.
which studied the possibilities of a land—level canal
through Panama's Darien and Columbia. I found it ex-
cltlng to work with a group of really creative scien-
ttst-engineers and It was gratifying to be offered
salaries far In excess of what I ever expect to make as a_
teacher If I would become a full-time science—en-
gineering writer. But enjoyable (and Prolllablel as this
experience was for me as a summer diversion, It
would have been wrong for me as a career. But so-
meone else who had wandered about academically as
an undergraduate much as I had may have found that
zig-zag background just the stroke of good fortune
which opened up the Ideal career possibility.

Two rather popular self-cheating
course-selection strategies. Years of advising
at SUNYA, and particularly this past semester of quite
extensive advising at the Center. has brought to me a
troubled awareness of games some students play with
their course choices that are a bit like Russian roulette,
or some contorted Monopoly game where the more
one wins the more one loses. They might be described
as modes of snaking one's way through course offer-
lrrgs In such a manner as to miss out on nruclr that a
college education is all about.

(1) The Specialty-Course Malnllner. Every
discipline has its “meat and potatoes" courses (my
apologies to the vegetarians) which deal with the more
basic and central concepts, Issues, and theory struc-
tures in the area of the discipline. But then practically
every department (especially recently) also offers
specialty courses. These are usually easily
distinguishable from upper-level specialized courses
which build on the basic Introductory offerings and
provide the student opportunities for ln-depth
academic deVelopment in the discipline. in contrast,
the specialty courses (which may or may not be assign-
ed low numbers) usually have no prerequisites, or
very minimal ones. and are often explicitly described
as "designed for the nonvmajor." Many of these. l'm
sure, are substantial academic fare and provide
much—needed opportunities for students to explore
and develop Interests in a variety of fields and at the
same iirne complete a major and graduate In four
years. But it Is disturbing to find a growing number of
students becoming “specialty course Junkies," i.e..
assembling such a sizable collection of such "side
dishes" that they In effect become the student's major
academic fare. They have never had a mainline
physics or astronomy course, but they have studied
the physical properties of light in art and been exposed
to the cosmic connection. They haven‘t undertaken
any systematic study of theories of knowledge, or
philosophy of science, but they have investigated the
borders of science and sought to understand existen-
tlallst phllosphies of life. They’ve never taken a basic
survey of literature course (such as English 291 and
292)- bul thW've studied popular literature, the
literature of the beat generation, and the occult.
They ve never taken a foreign language, but they've
read a foreign novel or two in translation.

Let me repeat: l'm not putting down this category of
courses. The quality is often high and the enrichment
worth the Investment. What lam concerned with Is the
apparently growing phenomenon of transcripts just
loaded with this category of courses. if I were an
employer confronted with such a transcript, i think i
would be instantly loaded with suspicions: are this per-
son 5 intellectual skills apt to be well-developed? Is this
Person afraid of, or not motivated for, tackling projects
that call for sustained, disciplined work? Does this
patch-work design Indicate a person who Is lacking In
depth or Who is perhaps not well integrated as a per-
sonality?

Specialty courses are sometimes designed to be less
demanding of the student's time than the central
courses In a discipline, for both departments and
students are aware of a need to have courses that
reSPL’Clably round off a heavy schedule. It usually
makes sense to avoid taking five very demanding
courses at once. All well and good~—except for the stu»

(continued on page six)

 

 

PAGE 8 fl Human-ulc- and Flue Arlo and Career-

 

widc appeal of disco music.

In closing, we would like to state that rock
and disco can coexist together at SUNYA, as
was proved by the successful 2 in I party held
on State Quad.

  

Sincerely,
Craig Osborne and Bill Keller

“No Nukes”

To the Editor:

The SUNYA Coalition Against Nukes
(CAN) strongly dcplores all demands and
suggestions, of “nuking lran". We do not
view this demand as merely loose talk. This is
a real possibility in view of the past history of
the United States and the official U.S.
I nuclear weapons policy.

The United States is the only country
which has i) used nuclear weapons (i.c. in
Hiroshima and Nagasaki in I945); 2)
hrcatened to use it in its conﬂicts with third
world countries such as Korea and Vietnam.
n the Korean War General MacArthur
H cportedly asked foratomic bombs and dur-
. lug the war in Vietnam there was much talk
‘ about “bombing the Vietnamese into the

Stone Age".

_ ‘ All nations possessing nuclear capabilities,
l ' except the U.S., have officially declared that
they would consider using nuclear weapons
only if their nation is under nuclear attack.

The Annual Report of the U.S. Department

of Defense for 1979 (page 79) states,

“President Carter has already made it clear

that thc U.S. does not rule out the use of

nuclear weapons if the U.S., its friends, or
forces are attacked."

in interviews and discussions on the im-
plicntions of the above quote, Carter and his

Administration officials have clarified that I)

the attack need not be nuclear; 2) the U.S.

reserves the right to “ﬁrst strike". Thus these
' conditions provide a considerable leeway for
the employment of nuclear weapons in an of-
fensive, rather than defensive capacity.

CAN denounces, in no uncertain terms,
this position of the U.S. Government since it
clearly cndtrngcrs world peace. Furthermore,
the members of CAN will strive hard to
educate the University cormnunity about the
danger to world pence posed by the U.S.
Government policy on nuclear weapons.

SUNYA CAN

Two Boys

To the Editor:

In Tuesday's supplement to the ASP, Lib-
by Post has written of “two boys" in her
philosophy class who laughed at it woman’s
button that read “Custratc Rtipists". i do
not see Irow it is useful for women who find
the term “girls” degrading to begin referring
to mules between the nch of Ill and 22 as
"boys".

Ms. Post goes on to offer the familiar
polemic about rupc us a mule plot to keep
women-from attending night clns 8, going to
the library, in short, from realizing their
potential.

Throughout this supplement, I find the
following points pounded home: must rtrpcs
occur in “social situations," between people
who know circh other; most rilpcs urc plxrnn-
Cd; and, quoting Snsnn Griffin, “the basic
elements of rrrpc are involved in all
heterosexual relationships."

It is intellectually dishonest, in the first
place, to nticmpt to blur the distinction bet-
ween n “social” rnpc (Hill the sort of thing
that is presently going on in the Pine Hills
ﬂfCﬂ. If anything, the further is the more
reprehensible. The follow in the motel room
on page 3 of the supplement is clearly in corr-
trol of his rrctlons. This is just not true of it
man who has trssirullud 24 women whom he
docs not know in the Dust scvcrnl mouths,
and who persists in this bclurvior despite the
fact thin, with fill the notoriety he hits uchicv-
cd, he will surely be caught it' he does not
stop. It is not rcnsonublc to see this disturbed
individual us un ngcnt of n mnlc plot, find it
does not seem to me to be useful for women
to indulge in n "Dirty llrrrry" syndrome over
this disturbed person.

It is neither insensitive nor dishonest Iu ard—
vtlncc Srrsrrn (irii‘t'in's l'lllllll on the universal
turtnrc ot' llt'lt'llt It'lillltlllh’llljlh in this context.
l’crlurps I run old-luslriruwrl but I do not
think ilrnt In-lcm rr‘lilllrilrslrljis me, as n r'nlc.

 

 

 

any sicker than homosexual relationships. lf
lesbian women are going to claim to speak
for all women, they must accept the fact that
most women are hetero, and that these
women do have emotional needs, bound to
their sexuality, thahcan only be met by men,
just as hetero men have needs, that have
nothing to do with dominance, that can only
be met by women.

For centuries, churches have told women
that men were an enemy to be warded off.
and a lot of women have gone through a lot
of grief trying to reconcile their own very dif-
ferent feelings about men with these
teachings. Now that we finally have a genera-
tion that seems to be willing to experiment on
a large scale with social patterns that do not
relegate women to the role of the barefoot
and knocked up housewife, I cannot see how
it is useful to any of us to promolc an adver-
sary relationship between the sexes.

Jim O'Rourke

Let’s Vote

To the Editor:

Although we may constantly complain
about our tcachcrs and advisors, there is
always that one special professor who makes
college worth all our effort. That one pro-
fessor who always puts his or her students
before research, coffee breaks, and all else.
The Student Association will be honoring
one such teacher and one such advisor this
year. (Advisors need nor be members of the
faculty.) We believe that most students came
to this University to obtain a good education.
We believe that it is only right to honor those
who helped u_s achieve these ends the most.

The Student Association Teaching and Ad-
vising Awards will be given only on the basis
of excellence in teaching and advising.
Publication and research will be ignored as
these awards are for teaching and advising.
Because publication is not a requirement all
teachers have an equal chance to receive this
award whether they teach Music or Math,
Physics or Poetry.

We urge you to nominate any teacher or
advisor you feel is outstnnding. Nominntlon
forms are available in the SA office (CC “6).
Student Association Teaching and Advising

Awards Committee

For Jack...

To the Editor:

This letter will not be typical of any usual
“letter to the billion" We do not wish to
complain about any school i'rrcilily, discuss
any political issue, or attack some school
organization. instead. we want to take this
time out to remember our friend, Juck Car-
rrrody, who was killed in a tragic car accident
a couple of weeks ago.

The news of Jtrck's dcntlr crime as a shock
to us, as we're sure it did to nrrrny other peo-
ple -— his coaches, teachers, and friends. We
sni'fcrcd .lnck’s dumb us we hope and pray
that Jack did not luer to suffer. Tlrc lrrrrt
was then: when we found out; the hurt is still
there; the hurt will zrlwnys rcnruin when we
think about our friend.

But although we hurt inside and sometimes
cry at night when we're thinking about him,
we can't help brrt rcnrcnrbcr Jack with u
smile, n giggle, and a warm feeling inside.
liccrrusc .lirck tonclrcd it part of us that we'll
never l‘lL' able to replace — he reached irrto us
and showed us what the true meaning of
friendship wars. Sure. we rrrirrdcd when he got
locked out of his room at 5:30 n.rrr. nnd
pounded in the Mills urriil they were nbout to
crrvc in. Sure we minded when he brought his
crazy friends over (one of whom rrrnv he also
rest in pence) just to tulk ~— nt 3:()()n.ur., bill
the ungcr only luslcd for it while when we'd
Irrnglr over it in the morning.

The memories wc lnrvc of luck will rrlwuys
linger in our Ircarrts rind minds. How could we
ever forget it i'r'icntl tlurt'touclrctl us so deep-
ly? ()ur pru'cnts tell us that life goes on lllld
we have to get ban into our own lives. We
know [but now. We don't mourn for luck
bccrruse he is ticird; we rrrorrrrr bucnnsc we
miss him so much m n sprrrklc lurs gone out
of our lives . . . ,

So, to our (lL'lll' I'rlcnti, roomic, snitic, illlll
neighbor .lncksou, we love you, we miss you,
tllltl we wish you much pcttcc.

— Those who low: and miss him

 

On DOB Robbin ’ Jobs ' "

The ASP has just become aware or the fact that'the DOB (Division of Budget).
‘ appointed by Governor Carey, plans for an 1175 personnel reduction in the SUNY

system. In light of the fact that I) SUNY has suffered such cuts for the past few

years; and, 2) Those cuts have been detrimental to the educational quality of this
and other institutions, we feel strongly that these cuts should be carefully recon-'
sidercd, and if necessary, prompt a major SUNY-wide show of student activism to
prevent such a damaging move.

Well-liked and competent teachers will find themselves out of a job, thanks to the
short shrift Governor Carey has always given the SUNY system. Drastic cuts such as
the one proposed will surely hasten the academic decline this school is certainly try-
ing to avoid. Your education will suffer. Last year we fought against a tuition hike
and lost. Where is that extra money going? To pay more and get more is one thing,
but to pay more and get less is ridiculous. And they may raise it again.

Act up now, while there is some quality left. Help education gain a stronger
priority in the state budgeting process. Our power is in our numbers.

In Memory Of Jim'

This is in memory of Jim Morrison, December 8. 1944-1971.
We were the leaders. we were the heroes — Jim was merely the index of our
possiblities. He never wanted to show us what he could do, but what he could do,
and what we could be. together, each of us, and all of us. And there will never be
another one.
And America got scared, because it wasn't just showbiz anymore. Because this
I guy really meant it, and because he was too smart. It wasn't just another rant for
revolution. We didn't have the guns, we had the numbers, and it was only when all
else failed that blood became our last resort. This revolution would nbt take place in
the streets where it could be seen and stopped, but in every house, in every room,
where it would never be found until the sides had already changed. Jim never called
on us to march, only to soft parade, rrol to take the world over with our hands, but
to take it over with our minds. Our violence would be the violence of storms at sea,
of water wearing away rocks, of all true and inevitable and irrevocable change. And
that was frightening, and so rock ’n roll went on trial in Miami and the blood in the
streets began to rise. Stranger days were to come and the end of the dream...
...But The Man is still at the door, and the killer is still on the road. And the cold
grinding grizzly bear jaws grow better on our heels every hour —
it's time to rolll
Quote of the Day: ‘
“When I was a child I caught a fleeting glimpse out of the corner
' of my eye. I Ill/'Ilc’d to look but it was gone, I cannot put w
ﬁnger on it no w. The child [3‘ grown, the dream 13‘ gone —- I have
llt‘c‘lllne com/oratab/y numb. "
—Roger Waters

 

 

 

 

clay B. Gﬁlen. lZdito‘rZIir-Clric/
Ron Levy. ﬂlch-rd Bah-r. Managing Editors
Newu Edltor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Michele Israel

 

Auocl-to Nown Edlton . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Laura Fiorcnilno. Sylvia Saunders

ASPoctl Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Stuart Matranga

Sport. Edltor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Paul Schwartz

_ Allocl-te Sportl Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Mike Dunne, Bob Bella’lore

Edllorlnl Puget Edltor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ck

Stallwrltoro: Charles Bell, Pat Branley, Bob Bellaflore, Andrew Carroll, Karen Fierr, Mike Fried,
Maureen George, Ed Goodman, Larry Kuhn, Debby Kopl, Susan Milllgan, Michelle Mackrell, Kathy
Perilli, Roberta Rosenbaurrr, .lctl Schudofl, Beth Sexcr. Aron Smith. Debbie Smith Around Com-
puo: Susan Milllgan Zodlnc and Provlow: Dorothy Barune New. Editor Emeritus-r Aron

 

Smith
Dabble Kopl. Buslncss Manager
Advertlolng Mun-gar . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Slcuc' Goldslcln
Bllllng Accountant . . . . . . . . . . . , . , , . , . . , . . . , , . . . . . . . . . . . Lisa Applebnum
Anal-tom Accountant . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Bennie Brown
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Amy Sours

Conpooltlon Mon-gar . . . . .

Salon: Kathy Ilosco, itlch Srhouingur, Rich Sellgson Cllulllod Mun-non Robbin Block Con-

 

pooltlon: l-‘mn (illtl'ttlu'Il, Miltu McDonald Advertlllnu Productlon Mun-nor: Sue Hausrrran
Advent-lug Productlon: Charles lit-ll. l'lclcne Druckvr, 'l'arrnrri Geiger, Penny Greenstcln. Joy
Prefer, Arrrwtto Storm Olflcc Coordlnator: Evelyn Ellis Office Stall: .lny Lustgnrtcrr. Bonnie
Stevens

 

Jordan Monger. Rob Grubmnn. Production Managers I
Eric Koll, Graham Sllllmln. Vincent Alollo. Assot'lult' Production Managers
Vonlcnl Camera . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Dave Benjamin l
Tvplut Extr-orrllnllre . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Hrrnk's Chick I

PIIIl-up: Lisa ilnngiorno, Marin lldllrlllU Typlutl: Rosemary l’vrmra, Robin Goldberg, Mindy
(iordnn, September Klein, Debbie Loch, Beth Luther, Zari Stuhl Proofreader-x Elissa Beck.
linclurl Cohen. Joy Frlcrlnurn, Sun Lichtenstein, Ronald Sucircr Chlullourr Jordon Meizgur

Photography, supplied principally by University Photo Service '

Eltlblllhad 19l6

'l‘ln- Allrurry Simlrrut Press is published every Tuesday unrl I‘iirluy timing the school your try if”!

Allurnd Student Press (.‘rnpomiirnr, rut Imlt'pcnrli‘ni. rrolr/uhpro/ii organ/ration. ffrliiollal policy I!

rlr'lr'rnrirnuf fry the Iftliior irr-(..‘Irir'l unrl Is subject to review fly Iln’. lirlitorirrl liounl. Mailing Address:
Affinity Slur/uni Press, (1332'), MO“ Washington Amt, Albany, NY l2???

(fulfil 4.") 73892

 

 

 

 

 

. «.5114. 4\.\A_‘r'd‘

 

 

‘-

   
  
    

  
     
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
 

.—.r—-

 

 

