 
 

“sate .1m-xrmm  w

k C Express . "Your Love This "
Holiday Season With A Gift
From Glennpeter Jewelers.

 

 
 

gum.

alumnus tittrttr ﬁatrnon Room

SUNYA'S ()N-CAMPUS
Wrne and Cheese “Place

CHOOSE FROM A FULI. SIEI FC'I'ION
()I“ DUMISS'I‘IC ANI) IMPORTED WIN .5 ANI) (.‘I‘IISIESISS
‘ A, BIG 10% DISCOUNT
ON ALL MENU ITEMS
7  FINAL WEEKEND i
WHILE ENJOYING THE ARISA‘S I’INIES'I' IN LISTENING
Entertainment

featuring

    

, . ' .'-'  V W..
Take advantage of your SUNYA 15%
discount at our Stuyvesant Plaza Store.
(excludes sale items and service.)

gcennpecep
JGWGLGFS

"The next best thing to love."

Mohnwlx Mttll l’vrtnnrd Mtrll
3741.130“ it!” lid'lll

‘ I FUSRQA EATQMA 

PRESSMTA

ill/ill MOCHS 138 SABSA

Dance to the Latin rhythm

CONJUNTO MELAZA

‘ and
IRVING GONZALEZ
Y sus ESTRELLAS

   

4; .

u‘  ... .-- ~ " '  M 777777,“ "w out-trim
Wharf”?   &    Cri’rIIcI-rr:"r‘trtirrv

 

All This Final Weekend

Friday 81 Saturday, December 7 & 8
9 p.m. — 1:30 a.m.

mrribtrailg auxiliary ﬁrtrbirtr
0K Ll’IltLWI‘MIJINH

Itoltr'rrlnrn Mull 

Ilhf) tlhht) HI

Colonic Cnt
4598(0)

Stuyvesant l’lum
. 'lil‘thi’l‘l

 

 

 

03. .
'1":er

Act!

 

   

‘ “I” When: Saturday December 8
'E "

   

Where: Campus Center Ballroom

 
   

Time: 9:00 pm to 2:00 am
Tickets:
In advance:

At the door:

$3.50 with tax card $450 with m card

$4.00 without

 

9; . .
3.: I, $5.00 Without
‘ 1 our more info call 4518651

 

 

 

E”

   

 

 

printer. are prohibited. This would include
such things as buttons and stickers. Can-
didates are encouraged to use less costly
methods for publicity.

The first hurdle to real election reform has
been cleared. Now comes the hard part.
Compliance and the proper enforcement of
the election regulations are the next order of
business. To this end, I urge the ASP and all
those students interested in fair elections to
Closely monitor next semester's elections.
especially the spring campaign. These regula-
g tions can work if given the proper attention
I" and enforcement. I intend to work towards
‘_ that end. I hope the ASP and interested
f students will too.

  
  
   
     
 
 

Respectively.
Bill Pape

Pro-Who?

To the Editor:

In re: the forum on Iran held in the Grand
Ballroom last Wednesday evening. 28
August: time for a little criticism and self-
criticism. My sharpest criticism has to be
directed toward the editor of the article that
described the event in last Friday’s ASP. You
let it appear that the line drawn at that
meeting divided those who were “Pro-US"
from those that were “Pro-Iran". Nothing

 

could be‘farther from the truth. The conﬂict

was over what policies would best serVe the
interest of the people of thiscountry. There
certainly are groups in the USA who would
’llke it to be understood that it’s
“Anti-American" to advocate the return of
the Shah to Iran and an immediate end to
‘military threats against that country. But the
ASP should not be promoting that line. The
misguided boys who call me in the middle of
the night with threats may have received their
guidance from your article. Let's try to
straighten that out.

I have no critism of the young men who
organized the counter-demonstration and
successfully prevented me from presenting
my little analysis of the roles of the student
movements in Iran and the USA. Politics is a
contact game and they played it fair and
square. My criticism is of myself for failing
to hear what they were saying and to deal
with that. I should have thrown away my
script and spoken directly: I know what you
mean. I know how you feel. I was a I9 year
old engineering student at Rice Institute
when the news arrived that Pearl Harbor had
been bombed. “Those little slant-eyed
monkeys are going to have to pay! We're go-
ing to blow their islands clear off the map!"
It was an anger that pushed the entire
Japanese nation outside the range of human
sensibilities. an anger that only the nuclear
holocausts of Hiroshima and Nagasaki could
assuage.

Along with the anger and inseparable from
it. I felt an enormous relief. No longer was
the drawing due in my projective geometry
Class the most important thing in the world.
Suppose I hadn't memorized my twenty Ger-
man verbs for the week, what did it matter?
All of a sudden. my life had meaning that
went beyond the daily stress and strain of
studenthood. When the young “patriots”. as
you rrtistrtkcrtly called them. shouted “Send
us to lrttrtl". I could heart myself so many
years ago. God bless America for giving Inc it
cause worthy of my life itself if nch be.

So I know what you rnctm. fellows. And
you have every right to be angry. every right
to demand rt charrcc to serve your country.
But with that right you htrvc rt spccirrl obliga-
tion as Sltltlcltl'.: to distinguish carefully lllltl
objectively hctwccn serving your country and
serving the clttrt‘x of intt-rrmtiorurl monopoly
cttpitztlistx Whose pursuit of profit will. in
time. bring the adult: techniques of rcprcsrdon
to [his country that the “thrill brought to Il'itll.

Wc must keep the inquiry rrlivc.

Jim Mc(‘|c|lrm

“Death Bus 32”

 

 

To the Milton
This letter should be of sortie great impor-
tance to all Off-Campus. Wellington and

' Alumni Quad students. One of the buses they
I .

   

 

           
   

 

are expected to ride in every day is unsafe and
a health hazard. Riding in the back of this
bus for an hour might produce uncon-
ciousness. Driving this bus over 35 miles-per-
lrour could cause the \tobbling left front
wheel to fall off. The horn only works occas-
sionally. failing twice in near-accident situa-
tions.Thc driver.in his conversation with me.
revealed that he had been filling out damage
forms t'or the garage mechanics for almost
Ilt't) rtrorrtlts reporting these problems. He
made a strong poiru of saying this. along with
describing the forms as being “on file." so
that he wasn't "liable if something lttlppcll-
ed."

This bus is number 32. and for the past two
months it has been regularly transporting
students in a haze of carbon monoxide. It‘s
front end was described as dangerous. The
lack of a reliable horn on a vehicle that car-
rics almost 1000 students a day is no small
matter either. Yet. ever since the fumes
started two months ago. trot/rim.l has been
done. Students regularly complain of
headaches after riding in the back of the bus
down to the Wellington. (I am one ol' them).
The mechanical troubles in the front end
would be fixed immediately in a passenger
car. In a school bus that carries thousands of
students a week and spends each night in a
garage this condition is crirrrirtal.

They tell us we cannot have any more
for many years. They mess up our schedules
without warning or apology. Now they arrive
with "Death Bus 32". Come on. get in. Let's
see if it makes it this trip. How long can this
go on?

What will the administration do? Will they
remove this bus from the line. and create a
gap in the schedule? Will they continue to
POISON students with deadly carbon
monoxide? When are the off-campus. Alum-
ni and Wellington students going to wise up
to the fact that the almightly “Garage” and
bus administrators don’t mind if we arrive
late to claSSes. miss meals. or ride in
dangerous busses?

To buy a school bus second hand. or rent
one or two for a semester. is not beyond the

 

 

The Pseudo-Sagging Seventies

lt seemsto‘ps that this University is chin deep in a quagmire of Seventiesitis.
Perhaps rt is not just us. perhaps it is the country or even the world that is sitting on
the edge of their seats wartrng for that ﬁnal balloon to drop on this, the most abused
and neglected decade in recent history. We’ve heard accusations of "apathy" hurled
at students for not keeping up the radical fires kindled in the hurly burly Sixties. But
for all intents and purposes the infamous “Tumultuous Sixties" began in 1968 with
nuts at Columbia and ended sometime in the early Seventies when Viet Nam was
becoming old news and the country was trying to fill their tanks on the whim of Oil
Monopolies and the threats of Arabian Sheiks.

Now. knee deep in the quagmire of university life, we're barely able to muddle
through a day without slipping on our faces, and coming near drowning in the
responsibilities, the obligations, and the life or death necessities which
undergraduate study crttails. We are not free. The dreams that seemed so tenable
while in high school have proved to be mere desolatory illusions, as substantial as
the pirate islands and golden treasures we lived on as children.

And as we stand on the threshhold of the eighties, we hold to the idealism that
promises anew," better. and a possible future. We have learned nothing. The disillu-
sionment suffered again and again throughout our lives does not preclude us from
continuing to risk all our coins on the sometimes dim. sometimes frail. sometimes
vague future. .

Often we hear that the Seventies were a waiting out period. a deep breath between
the. (again). Sixties and the doubtless cascade of radicalism guaranteed to overtake
the norms of the country. At least that's what all the Sixties leftovers have warned.
Maybe the Eighties will see a tide of revolution. Who knows? But to write the Seven-
ties off as a half time between two eras of activism (before the possible Apocalypse?)
seems to us a superficial. if not ridiculous assumption.

It‘s true that the Seventies have seen an upswing in young people concentrating
their studies for material reward. But this has come about as a reaction to the fear
we feel about our ability to support ourselves. The Seventies has been an era of
evolution. of subtle changes in the psychology of society. Many of these have sprung
naturally from the new ideas and the blasting of old ideas which came in the Sixties.
Many have gathered their own momentum. In this past decade we have seen men
Host: the need to.put up macho facades of infallibility. Women have proved
themselves as more than the “little helper." A growing and thriving black middle
class is establishing itself. and we are generally more open about everything from

homosexuality to our own tong suppresed insecurities and fears. This is also the
Age of Neurosis and Anhcdonia. but nobody's perfect. are they?

The Seventies have gotten a lot of bad press. and so have we. the “ME Genera-
tion." but most of it is unfair. And though we are all sitting on the edges of seats
waiting nervously for someone to tell us we’re in the Eighties so we can exhale. we
shouldn't look back harshly at the Seventies. Any era that can give us Stevie Wonder

 

resources of the college. 11 would give us
more reliable bus service through the winter.
Perhaps the students could paint it —
something other titan vomit-green. | Don‘t
want miracles. All I want is good, reliable.
safe bus service. Is that too much to hope
for. Mr. and Mrs. Administr ' rs?

With . competence.

Kurt Schnakenbcrg

Find The Strength

To the Editor:

This letter is a salute to Jeremy Carlson's
actions of attempting to organize Albany's
un-united student body. We the students
have the potential power to inﬂuence daily
procedures and occurences within our corr-
crelc environment.

Students continually complain about living
conditions. academics, food service. campus
life. etc. . . In the past. as a solution. corti-
mittees have been formulated. th conditions
remain the sttmc as students pttssivcly corn-
plain.

I myself. not guilty of stagnation; a tron-
activc individual. with little motivation
toward initiating a progrcssivc changc. 1 ud-
rnit to my weaknesses, but find it harder and
harder to accept tltc guilty fcclings from
within. l’crlrrrps l‘rn caught within the system
turd am conditioned to accept alternatives
which luck quality and rcsporrsivcncss. The
trssirtriltition of society represents tt loss of
raw initittlivc. lt lttkcs rt strong individual to
step out of his socitrli/cd r‘olc turd I'CltlilL' it is
the trrrbcntcn pttth which is unique and
should be trttvclcd.

| prrrisc those who have stepped lorwvu’d
with structured. sensible activism. Until I
find nrnple strength I support those stronger
than myself. Find your strength. vcr'balizc.
wr'itc. question. and give your support to
those stronger than yourself. Support one
another so that we may stand erect with the
ability to perpetuate into the newly enlighten-
ed future. Give your support!

Yours truly.
Mitch Litkc

 

 

and Pink Floyd can’t be all bad.
Children of the Seventies. hold your heads high.

1
ﬂ

 

 

le B. Ghncn. Editor-in-Chie/
Ron Lew. Richard Bola-r. Managing Editors
,. . . ,. . , . . . . . . . . . . . . ..Mlchelelsrael
Laura Fiorentlno. Sylvia Saunders
. . . . . . . . Stuart Matranga
. . . . . . Paul Schwartz
Mike Dunne. Bob Bellaliore
. Steven Rolnick

News Editor .
Auocl-tc News Editor.
ASPectI Editor
Sports Editor
AIIocl-te Sports Editor
Edllorlal Ponce Editor

Stnllwrlters: Charles lit-ll. l’at Branley. Bob Bellalrore. Andrew Carroll. Karen Frcn. Mike l‘rred.
Maureen (it’tngt', lid (ioodrntrn. Larry Kahn. Debby Kopi. Susan Milltgan. Michelle Mackrell. Kathy
l’errllr. Ruhr-tin Rosenlmurn. dell Schadoll. Beth Sexer. Aron Smith. Debbie Smith Around Cun-
pus: Httson Mtlquirn Zodiac Ind Preview: Dorothy Btrrone Newt Editor Ellerltul: Aron

Srrnllr
Debbie Kopl. Business Manager

 

Steve Goldstein
Lisa Applebaum
Bennrc Brown

Amv Snurs

Advertising Manager

I Billing Accountant
Assistant Accountant

i Composition Manager

Sales: Kalli». Ito»: t. ltrt‘n btlrontngr-r. ltrt II Sclrgson Clo-allied Manager: Robbin Block Com-
position: l mu (iltrm I(l‘ll MIIU.’ Mt hmmld Advertising Production Manager: Sue Housman
Advertising Production: Charles Bell, Helene l)rrrcl<t-r Turmnl (iL‘lgt‘l. l’enrry Grot-nstcln. .Iop
l‘rt‘tt‘i no: - tr.‘ \rone Olllce Coordln-tor: II-Jclvn [illrk Ofﬁce Sta": .ltrt Lustgarrt-n. Bonnie

ﬁlo-jut.

Jordan Mctzgcr. Hob Grubm-n. Production Managers
Eric Koll. Graham Sllllmnn. Vlnccnt Mello. Assormte Prudnrlron Managers

. Dave Benjamin

Vertical Camer-
. . Hunk's Chick

Typist Extraordlnnlre

Plliarllp: Lisa Bonglornn, Marie ltallano Typist-a Rosemary Fenara. Robin Goldberg. Mlndy
Gordon. September chtn. Debble Loeb. Beth Lorber. Zarl Stahl Proofrondm: Elissa Beck.
Rachel Cohen. Joy Frtedman. Sue Llchtenstcln. Ronald Sucher Chauffeur: Charles Bell

Photography. bliplet‘tI principally by lltrttrersily Photo Service

Established 1916
The Albany Student Press is published cuerp Tuesday and Friday during the school year by the
Albany Student Press Corporation, an Independent. rrol-for~pro/lt organization. Editorial policy ls
delerrnlnud by the EditurllanIrleI and Is subject to reuleru by the Editorial Board. Mailing Address:
Albany Student Press. CC 32‘). 1400 Washington Ave, Albany. NY 12222
(518) 457-8892 ,

 
 
  

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

t

 
  

 

 

t «aw—z.

 

