l

Vs

 

t ....»

ruth in

The Negative Viewpoint

 
 
 

 

by Eric D. Snlzlnger

Despite popular assertions that the

clandestine operations of the Educational
Testing Service (ETS) are not in the best
interests of the student. the recently passed
“Truth—in-Tcsting“ legislation will. ifcnacted.
further erode the chances of New York State
residents to attend graduate school. There are
many students. like myself. who spy the
danger apparent if the sanctity of
standardized testing is forfeited. llowevcr.
powerful propagandiving organivations hitve
told the student body that the testing system
isn‘t fair and should be changed. Witat these
organizations andtltcirdisciplc’ ’ iltorcnli/c
is that the issue is not equity; the issue is the
resulting comer/item 1w.

The purpose oftlicse standardircd tests is to
compare the ability of students on a
nationwide basis and assign it percctttile
ranking to them. in this way. an
undergraduate front tire University ofAlbarty
may be contpared to his cotritterpart ltl
Stanford. Each arc givctt the same handicap
and therefore should pcrl'orrtt correspon-
dingly. Many suggest tltat these students may
not. due to other considerations.

This is indeed a problem. it must be
remembered. that as any statistical inference.
the score on a given test is not necessarily it too
percent accurate reflection of the tcst-takcr's
ability. Recall tltat there is a standard
deviation associated with each person‘s score.
As one takes the test a greater aitd greater
number of times. a normal distribution: will
take shape around any mean score. Tilt:
student should take this into considcnttioti
when deciditig to rctirkc arty of these tests.

if he genuinely feels that he can do better
than the . 'try titttc and rrioitctary
investment. it may be worth tltc time and
money. Consider tltc fact that art exceptional
performance on a standardich test may result
in admission to a better school and. iii turn. to
a higher salary scale itt tltc future. To . -
just don‘t have the money or the titttc. .
lazy way out. lfthc ability to perform better is
there. then it is worth investing irt. Short-
siglttcd concession to failure is the real
mistake.

it cannot be cmpha 'i7ed crtotiglt that these
tests are merely statistical inferences and l/IIII
is how they are l'ft'M't'd by graduate .rt'ltmilx.

   

 

3

 

 

 

«a . Ar. . ' , ' .
Some candidates do exceptionally well on

- esting:

their first administration and some do not.
This phenomenon is known as "luck" which
will not bcaflccled byarty legislation on carllt.
'lhc LSAT is just one til perhaps twenty
crilcrirr which it law scltool considers when
admitting candidates. ()thcr criteria raitge
front your parent's altna nutter. to where you
live. to your race. These may be cvcit better
indicators of ability. Wlty don't we just ban
admissions forms?
by far the roost overused argument is that
of the “bad day". 'l he fact that tltc bad day is
t'cl'lectcd iti tltc test is itot such art awful tliitig.
With the responsibility to uphold a school‘s
reputation. admission directors from
prospective schools do not wurtt thosc
students‘with a propensity towards bad days.
llird days to aflch your performance. btit then
so do good days. Atty argument along these or
similar litres cirtt he quickly reversed.

Let us now examine the cottscqttcnt‘c iii a
unilateral action by New York State to force
H S to make test results public. irstly'. there
will be no stundardi/cd test administration irt
this state (Lord help Suffolk County
rcsidcnts). in order to apply tti graduate
schools across tltc country or even iit New
York. we will still ttccd to take tltc \arioits
lloards. I expect tltc (ircyliotind bus business
to do well as hundreds of thousands of
gradttatc school candidates journey to
Massachusetts. Connecticut. New .lcr
Pennsylvania to take these tests. This is. very
expensive proposition. living oit our limited
budgets.

The only stay Iruth-in-tcsting cart work tor
tltc students is on a nationwide basis. As the
situation develops. it will become more
cvidcrtt that New York Static residents will be
nitdtily harmed.

Assuming that standardi/cd test results are
made public. we face tltc ultimate demise of

 

 

 

Clarifying
Legal Services

or: .
Tolirhicfjildhse to your article on the Student
Legal Services Fee. i would like to clarify
certain misleading points. The head ltnc gave
the impression that the service itself would no
longer be free; that is not true. it is only
criminal court appearances that cost $204.00.

l was misquoted as saying the fee was
necessary. The fee is only necessary because
the Student Association failed to adequately
fund the office. The policy was set by SA. to
offset subsidiring the office at Sl9.40fl when
we were budgeted for $25.000.

it should also be pointed out that most
students who are supported by their parents
are ineligible for state or locally funded Legal
Aid.

Currently tltc oflicc handles all Landlord-
Tenant cases. (‘onsumcr cases. Student-
Univcrsity desputcs and all consultation and
advice sessions absolutely free. i regret the
fact that S.A. decided to institute thisfcc but i
believe we continue to serve the campus
community by offering free services in the
areas where tltc ovcrwltclmirtg majority of
students are involved. Most SUNYA
students are never involved irt criminal cases.
Finally. ntost private attorneys charge iii
the area ofSMllHXl for criminal misdemeanor
cases. in that light. $20.00 is not exactly
exorbitant.

.laek Lester
S.A. Attorney

Another
Pro-Nuker

To the Editor:

livery wcck yotrr paper is loaded with
articles about the dangers of nuclear power.
You arc doing yourself attd your country a
grave injustice by printing such untrue
contentions. The fact is nuclear power is a
necessity for America to remain a strong and
frcc country. With oil prices rising higltcr and
higher. tltc United States has no other choice
bill to ttrrrt to nuclear power for its sources of

 

their viability. Validy. rttorc than arty olltcr ‘

single factor. is ofcxtrctttc importance: that is.
tltc test should measure what it is supposed to
itt ‘asurc. If the questions attd answers totltcsc
tests are ntadc public. will be forced to
formulate new questions with the exact degree
of difficulty that t a particular verbal or
quantitative skill. in l S claims tltc cost wortld
be prohibitive. that even undcrsttttcs tltc case.
Realistically. it would be itttpossiblc.

 

 

As fi'l'S runs out of qucstioits. the level of
difﬁculty will continue to rise. It is inevitable
that a gradual seepage of obscure facts will
pcrtn 'ttlc these tests. The result is simple -
the test bceotncs no different frortt any taken
iii school. The test would thcrt measure
knowledge. ttot ability. A Harvard student
would gain a distinct advantage ovcra student
whose coitrscs don't offer the some breadth of

  

energy. if it does not while nuclear energy.
tltc l.'nitcd States will soon find itscll in r,
position a here it has to ask othercountrics I".
help. '1 his "help" will come from rtortc other
than the Sotiet L'nion. But it will not h.- in,
free. \\'i.- will have to surrcndcrour ltccdontm
thcrtt. l.ilc as it is today will ceasi- to UN
i’coplc “ill be forced to work lortg ltarrl lltlllrs
.sc\ctt daysa neck and get paid \cry little for .1
\\'c “l” he forced to NW irt \cry \lllttll
apartments. We will not be pct‘ttlittcd r.)
critici/c tltc government.

It you continue to denounce nuclear potter.
these conditions will prevail within tltc nest
lucrin years. i don't know about yott but I
warn rrty kidstogrow up ina world where they
are ttot lorccd to work in a factory when they
are torn years old. i want them tohrire the joys
of going to school. skipping school. hlt‘itktllg
llli.‘ school windows. and getting lllL‘lt
giillricrtds pregnant when they‘re \tklt'cn
(orin kidding. Lori).

Arttl so. good editor. and all you people
opposed to nuclear power: Before you (in
anymore critici/ing of nuclear prim-r. I
suggest you seriously think of what the
consequences of a world without lllltil‘ill
energy will bring.

Eric l)t‘ll|\tlll

Amnesty For All!

To the Editor:

The (in-going concern that the Slii’s'i'A
community has for so many problems related
to human rights makes it difﬁcult for tile to
understand why i am the only person lrorrt
SUNYA who is a member of tin- ('itprtrrl
District Amnesty international Group. The
reports of increasing imprisonment of large
numbers of political prisonerstmany lil'li'llllt'd
without trial for more than ﬁve years). tltc
escalating use of torture as an instrrirrtcrrr of
rorrtinc government ﬂdmlnisttation,
disappearanccs and summary executions of
political “undesirable-s" carried out by semi-
officiiii death squats in countries of ilrrcrsc
cultures. economics and ideologies irrati-
Amnesty international all the more important
for our times. The rccipiertt oflhc I977 Nobel
Peace l’t’lIL‘. Amnesty international is
contpriscd of more than l.t)0t).000 nit-tubers

learning.

Anyone interested in graduate work should
take a very careful look at what 'lrtrtli-irr-
Testing isand what it does. To hastily \t‘tlli‘tlll
the old system as unfair may SlilHl'll a
candidate's chances for admission to it top-
rtotch school. Standardilcd tests hclpas many
as they hurt . . . so have a good day

 

 

FEiFFER

 

 

 

Midi/#55

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

/' 7? tier-Emma-

 

 

and lbOO local action groups \\ ho. tltrougt
letter-writing and publicity campaigns.
sending missions and trial observers. and
publishing special reports. seek to gain the
freedom of Prisoners of Conscience.

The Capital District Group. established
about rt year arid a half ago. is ntude tip of
faculty and students front Rl’l arid t'nion irt
addition to a small number representing the
business and professional world. It would
welcome students. staff and or faculty from
Sl'NYA who would be interested in this
northultilc nork to which one cart dctotc
little or rttuclt time. Most members “the
occasional letters and sortie. especially those
with expertise or special backgrounds in such
fields as political science or languages. ltpr irt
searching otrt irrforrttatiort and planning
strategies to ltclp art adoptcd prisoner. In it
recent case. for example. tltc (iroup worked
on a case of a Russian lau student who was
committed to it psychiatric hospital for "attri-
Soviet agitation and propaganda" itt which
those with backgrounds irt psychiatry. Ian.
and Russian were needed.

For those who would like to know more
about the work of Amnesty. tlterc will be a
meeting on Sunday. October l4. at 7:00 pm.
in Campus Center 375. Robert Matrrcr. the
membership director front tire rttttionai office
of Amnesty international ll.S.A.. \\‘Iil speak
and answer questions on Amnesty. Anyone
with questions ttbotit tltc ntectirtg can call tilt“
at 455-6I57. I hope tltc attendance will reflect
the SUNYA community's cottccrn for the
preservation of human rights in whatever area
of the world that I‘m sure it ltas.

Lucille Wltalcn
Scltool of Library 81
Information Science

Open The Books

To the Editor:

Over tltc past few years. students at Albany
have watched prices itt tltc Follclt bookstore
increase at a frightening rate. There have been
investigations for two years. lnforrnation has
been hard to contc by.

We are calling upon ilte Bookstore to
“OPEN THE BOOKS.“ We wartt to know:

i) The exact percentage proﬁt for gross
sales.

2) The exact rtet earnings for each oftltc last
ﬁve years.

3) The amount of used books rctitrned. as
compared to the amount of used books sold.
4) The actual gross proﬁt pcr notebook.

So far the bookstore has been
unrnopcrative. We will 'all upon (iary Dean
the manager to give us this information. We
are cntitlco to it. We plait other actions to
lower prices and increase tltc amount of used
books

We call upon all students to help us. Please
contact the Albatty Student Union. Campus
Center 348. 457-3969. Our power is in our
number.

Help us OPEN THE [IOU/(S. so that we
can ﬁnd out the truth.

Thank you.

The Albany Student Union
and the Steering Committee
.lim 'l ierrtcy

.laoice l‘iitc

lrcne lllciwciss

.lttstttt Werthcirn

.lcrcmy ('arlsort

Let Us Know

How You Feel.

Write The ASP.

The l-‘tut’s debut

To the Editor:

This letter is lit reply to the October Silt
editorial "The Rut." First. i would like to state
that one should not write oftltcrc being a Rut
when ltc has nc\cr obscrtcd it. May i ask
tilictt has otrr dear editor attended either a
Central Council meeting or any other of otir
Student Association committee meetings
dtrring the past year"! lion cart he really
determine if there needs to bc a "rc-
csarninatiort of thc make-tip of studcrtt
gou-rnmcnt here" if lti: has never seen it first
hand.

()trr rtcuspapcr editor starts his editorial
a itlt tltc statement of there bcittg ti\c “recent”
resignations \tithirt (‘cutral ('ouncil.
I’rcyiously tltc slSl’ reported the ti\c
"rtty'stcriously resigned". lflllt.‘ ASI'considcrs
rt student transferring to another Unitcrsity
and llll‘L‘L‘ others resigning for personal
rcrtsons such as lack of time artd training to
enjoy their senior v ‘tll' mysterious. it probably
felt that takirtg "leave It 'I o llciucr" off tltc
air was a contrtturtist plot.

in tire following paragraph our editor
points out that anything done itt SA is dotte by
a "select few who ilc\otc many hours of time
to attaining few adynrttagcs. liittitcd success."
The first part of this statement would be true
only if tltc editor considers the ittorc tliart 200
people who work on SA projects a “select
few". 'I rtrc. only a few people may get public
credit for things itccoiiiplishcd. hiit beltittd
them are people who dctote much of their
time toward rcacltirtg tltcs ' aceotttplishrttcttts.
Those people do ttot get tltc credit tltcy
deserve They arc the backbone of SA while it
is tltc so called “leaders” we hcitrabout. 'l'lrcsc
leaders are tltc only people the ASPcarcs to
find out about.

The iintitcd success tltc ASI‘ speaks of are
all improvements irt tilt: life of SUNYA
students. After all. the SA has gairtcd the
rctnoval of tire "W". a lengthening oftltc S; ll
dcadlittc. changes iii the Studcrtt (iuidclittcs.
changes irr UAS policy. arid cvert things like
helping tltc food co-op to sell items students
want. lit itdditioit. the Student Association
ltas prevented changes that could lrrtvc proved
detrimental to tire quality of life on Ctttttptts.
Whether it is through the Senate. Central
Council. or Ad iloc Committees. Student
Association is chipping away at tltc “brick
wall“ tltc ASI’ says exists.

Arc “SA aitd ('cntral (‘ouncil powerless"as
tltc ASI’ says or has tltc ASPjust been blian to
tltc accomplishments witltirr the last year'.’
Instead of preaching of the gloomy world of
studcttt apathy. maybe the ASI’sliould take a
good look at SA and see that it is a force
bringittg about changes. These changes occur
ottc by one itrtil may sontctinte lead to the
[caring dowrt of your "brick wall". These
changes take tiittc and could be aided with
ctteouragcmcnt through a constructive
strident newspaper. rtot pessimism. cynicism.
and a defeatist attitude.

 

Mark Lafayette

(‘cntral Council

University Senate Representative

('olonial Quad

Iii/floth Note: I have Illll'lllll‘ll unrl cit/(rival
('cnlnl/ ('ounrl/ meetings recently. to answer
your i/iitattiin. Also, "lurk of lime (1an
training to enjoy .\l’IlftII‘ your" are not l'tl/f(/
rumour/0r ii ('oinri'ilnti'nrhi'l‘ Ill rut/git. 'I'inri'
min/nitmi'nti .t/tim/rl ln' (Illlft‘f/Hllt’tl Ito/ore
r'lliltMlIly to run, (Ll “'1'” or enjoying .lt‘llflll'
l't'llf'. 'I'lri‘ir l't'llttllil also imply that ('i'n/rttl
I(‘t'lliit ll it not i'It/iriYI/ili'. further i't'iili'nri' ii/
l/lt' i'r/i'tiiriiI/fi Ilti'iirt‘. Sr'i'oni/lt‘. li'tfijili'i' Ilti'
ftlt‘l that 5.4 in! 't I‘i'ri/[t' .?Ili’l/iiioplr- lint/(ling it.
About I‘ll: ii/ tltt'ntti'Irt/i/j'ilo ll'lltll/illll tit/ii'ri
Ii'll l/lt’tll IiI. Alto/liar I‘t’tlfflt'.‘ [lot] "11‘
llf/IIif/lH/I‘tllltlfl nu/ ll‘llllft‘t/ (I rcnrrivri/ it] thi-
‘li" or tl lengthening ii/illir' S/l/ (It'lIt/Ifllt'. i/
.ruri'lr' iron/(I not have [lllllt't/. I-'tan//_t‘. i/ f/ll'
.‘tSI' It blind to .S‘xl it and ('oiini'i/fi
llt‘t'tllll/lIft/Illlt'flIT, I/lt'll .HI ("1' the .rtm/cntt it]
.S'l/N l’xt, who would limit [their ir/ﬁ-r (I lr/itnfr
.imri' [I‘m/rial to recount them. Your It‘llt'l‘ has
onlv convinced Inc Iltiit [lu- it’ll/f is more .\'tt/ftf
than ever, since Iltc real/tics l have discoverer!

ed torial
Willem '
A Great And Exciting Moment -

A university is a great and terrible place. it serves to aid and abet in our trip towards
scll‘hood. it gives as tltc rare cltrtrtcc to be ourselves more ofthc time. though few take
ttti\ atria-roof that opportunity. llccausc oftltis transitory existence. we are dealt with
less harshly for doing things that would be deemed silly.'abnormal. or any other term
signifying departure frortt it norrit. That‘s because everyone else is also doing silly
things.

The old adage of prtttittg yourself irt sontcoric clsc‘ shoes really works well when it‘s
forced on you. When you accidentally find yourself acceptirtg the actions of another
simply because you r 'ali/c yotr have done this very same thing. you arcjustifyingthcir
actions just because you corttntittcd the some actions. But what ifyou‘re both wrong?
Artd if it‘s a million who all do the saute thing. tttaybc all million are wrong. i ask y0u.
is there any real any of krtowittg'.’

i tell you this. be 'rtus‘c knowing it has helped me irtintenscly. Many people i know
are itot tltcmschcs Hit)"; oftltc time because they hold brick. 'l'hey ltold back because
they are friglttcncd of bciitg judged. Mun scents to crtjoy giving things deﬁnitive
dc. iprionsartdevaluations. bccirtrscitoffcrs ' itscofsccuritytobeablctorcfertoa
frame of reference. art id in of right and wrong. valitc judgments. But we may be
hurting oursclw. in tltc lortg full by grabbing irttrtrcdiatc security.

One of tilt: keys to sclf—confidcncc is the inherent knowledge that you cannot be
judged. Whitley cryoo say or do. yoti must rcali/c that arty 'altrcjudgmcitt by anyone
is just that: A \alrrcjttdgntcrtt. which. by tltc way. can never really be proven iii any
logical tray. There really isn't arty such thing as trutlt. or rigltt or wrong. ()nc just
'ttlt rtot soy.

Therefore. you should ntotc forward with strong and active faith in yourselfand
your actions. liccrrusc if nobody or thing hits tltc right to pirt iijudgincnt on you. their
your only "true" gauge simply must be you attd your inrtcr feelings. That is tltc only
legitimate basis for truth. That is cortl'idcrtcc. That is self—awareness. That is you.

You rnigln ask at this tirrte what gives llll‘ tltc right to make thcjodgrttent i am
making irt this c y. My answer is that it is not so muchjudgrttcrits that are wrong. but
attaching conscqucnccs to those judgments. Opinion is tltc back bone of it free mind.
arid one welcomes it. ilut if an opittiott orjndgtttcnt ol'soineon 'actstodctcryou from
your free mind. then something wrong has occttrcd.

To sum tip. l advise yott to rely on thcjudgmcnts that conic from witltin ratltcrrhan

outside inllucnccs. Your inner views are the only ones you should allow to scare you
off There cart be no argument ltcrc. That would only be advocating a denial of
yourself. ittrd nobody really wants that. Remember. tltc most respected melt and
women in history hate avoidcd the stagnation of wltat is cccptcd. or the sniekcrs of
tire majorities. or lili. declarations of tire lortd inotrtlts. They have only heard the
sootltittg sounds of an enlightened sclf.
"That is wiry every man‘s story is important. eternal. sacred; and wiry every man wltile
he lives and fulfills tltc will of nature is a wonderful creature. deserving the utmost
attention. ltt caclt individual tltc spirit is made of flesh. itt each one the whole of
creation suffers. in each one it savior is crucified." - Herman Hesse

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

-.l.H.G.
Jay B. Giswn. Edilor‘t'n‘Chio/I
Ronald Levy. Richard Behar. Managing Editors
NewsEditor.. . . . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . ..............................AronSmith
Associate News Editor. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ... . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . . . . . .. Michele lsrael
ASPcclsEditor........ . . . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . ...........StuartMatmnga
Sports Editor. . . . . . . . . Paul Schwartz

        

Associate Sports Editor .. . . . . . . . . . . .Mike Dunne
EditorialPagesEditor . . . . . . . .  . . . . .  . . . . . . ................CharlesBiener

 

Staliwrlters: Charles Bell. Bob Bellttiiote. lid Goodman. Larry Kabn, Maureen George. Kathy
Perilli, Susan Milligan. Roberta Rosenhanni. Beth Sexer. Jeff Schadoff. Debby Smith, Vicky
Zuttitcb

Debbie Kopl. Business Manager

.Stcvc Goldstein
Lisa Applebaum

  

Advertising Manager . . . . .. . . . , . . . .
Billing Accountant , . . . .. .. . . . . . . ..
CompositionManagor 

Sales: Randya “Mfr, Kathy liosro, itich Schonittgcr. Rich Seligson Classified Advertising:
September Klein Composition: Fran Glucckcrt. Robin Goldberg. Mike McDonald
Advertising Production Manager: Amy Sours Advertising Production: Helene Druckcr,
f’cntiy Greetrstiein. Site l'lituSl‘t’litll, .loy Prefer. Shelly Wise Office Coordinator: Evelyn lillrs
Office Staff: Robbin Block. Dione thtlltttik‘, Jay Liislgarten, Audrey Molin, Stet/err Robins.
Bunnie Stevens

Marty Vitiiovii:lt. Jordan Metzger. Production Managers
ilolt Gntbmun, Eric Koli. Associate Production Movingch

 . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . . . ..Dnve Benjamin
 Hurtk'sChick

Vertical Camera . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .......
'l ypiiit . . . . . . . . . . .

   

l'asto tip: Vincent Aiello, Lisa Bongjiorno, Motie ltoliono Typlsts: Carrie Chandler. Robin
(iolrllwrit. Mindy Gordon. Dvlrhio Loch, Beth Lorher, Cathy Tyric Proofreaders: Rachel
Cohort. Soc Lichtenstein. Donna Reicltttcr. Ronald Sucher Chauffeur: Andy Panzer

Photography, supplied principally by University Photo Service
Established 1916
The Albany Student Press is published every Tuesday and Friday during the school year by the
Albany Student Press Corporation, an independent, nut-lorrprolit organization. Editorial policy
5 determined by the Editor~irt-Cltie/, and is subicct to review by the Editorial Board, Mailing
Address: Albany Student Press, CC 329, 1400 Washington AWL, Albany. NY 1222.
~ (518) 457-8892

 

 

 

 

 

.l‘t) i'liolc run.

.m. 

    
 

 

l
l

i
l

 

. “a w» _.

 

i

  
  
 

  

