 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘Cases and Principles‘. . . ‘Logieal
Reasoning‘ . . . ‘Practical Judgenment'. . .For
the last four weeks these terms have been
running my life as We prepared for the LSAT
(Law School Admissions Test). We had to
add at least twenty hours per week onto an
already busy schedule to try to fully prepare
for the law boards. My time is spent in the
drudgery of practicing test after test. with the
aim of getting that score which will help my
admission into the school of my choice.

if you're wondering why l‘m unloading my

complaints on the ASPreadership, l‘ll let you
know that this is the same problem that you or
your friends will soon be facing. lf graduate
school is in the picture. there will be a test for
it -one that will likely be more important than
any other exam you‘ve ever taken. For law
school. one must take the LSATs. For
business schoolit's the GMATs, for medical
school the MCA'l‘s. Dental school has the
DA'l‘s. general graduate studies. the GRE‘s.
There are PCA'f‘s, OCA’Fs. VATS . . . the list
is almost endless.

This pregraduate round of testing has been
taken for granted by students for years. They
have registered wilhE’l'S (Educational Testing
Service) for the exams. being told that the test
scores cannot he improved by supplementary
study Yet still they go ahead. buying books
and enrolling in courses because they know
this is the only way to do well. The students

uttquestitiniitgly take tlte tests because they are
required. But they are not so foolish to believe
tlial the tests are what they purport to be
accurate measures of tlplllutich as well as
knowledge codified tl\’L‘l the college teats.
unaffected by cram courses and preparation
materials. So the students go ahead and Work
hard (if they are serious about doing as well as
possible) preparing for tlte exams for which
one supposedly cannot prepare.

Until recently. this dichotomy wastaken for
granted. The tests were taken because they
were accepted as legitimate by graduate
schools. but students prepared for them

because they knew the exams weren't what
they claimed to be. but today there is a new
movement underway. 'i'ruth-in-testing
legislation has been proposed by several state
legislatures. calling for ETS to open itself up
to allow anindependent bodyto run statistical
validity and reliability tests on the exams to

determine their consistency and accuracy
as predictors. Somevlegislation would even
require ETS to release answers to tests.
providing students the right to challenge
ambiguous'and unfair questions.
Presently ETS will tell us only their own
ﬁgures‘for reliability. Why don‘t they allow
anyone to check their numbers? Such secrecy
naturally excites a suspicion which is
enhanced by the common knowledge that
cram courses are of benefit to the student.
There are numerous‘before‘ and ‘after' success
stories which point to the advantages ofthese
courses in test preparation and in final scores.
ETS‘ continued denial of this clearly reduces
their credibility as an organization. True. they
are in something ofa bind ifthey were to admit
the true value of such courses they would be
admitting the failure of their tests to avoid
such inﬂuences and in effect be admitting the
failure oftlteir tests. By continuingtodenythe
fact ofthe beneﬁts ofsuch courses they may be
losing credibility among students. but they are
able to continue to foster the myth of the
accuracy of these tests. And the educational
establishment accepts this myth. 'i'hejoke is
on the student. ETS needn‘t be credible in his
eyes. He only has to take the test. it is the
graduate schools who must continue to
require the exams. so [518 feels accountable
only to them. And what of the student',’ He
nitth put in the extra work to help reaclt his
potential score. If he cannot afford the cost of
a course tiioriiially about $250-$300). he will
take the test at a clear disadvantage.
('liaiigiiig the system is not easy. however.
ilic aigtniicnts wlnclt call for elimination of
standaidi/ctltestsas personallydegi'adingand
iiiitaii as well as inaccurate are given about as
much attention as a student pleading with
Hugh (‘arcy to stop the tuition hike. Like it or
not. the system won't be changed. his is well
entrenched in the admissions process for
almost all graduate schools. 'l‘heir tests may
count over 50 per cent toward a student's
chances of acceptance.
it must. in all fairness. be recognized that
standardired exams have the potential of
providing a fairly accurate assessment of a
student's aptitudea in areas which have gone
untested in four years of college work. but may
prove essential for certain graduate studies.
(.‘oiiibined with a cumulative average (and
other factors such as work experience.

 

 

Due Honor

To the Editor:

In Tuesday's ASP, a the feature article
appeared in your sports pages. “It’s Been 29
Short Years." a tribute to longtime Albany
State wrestling coach Joe Garcia. was written
by senior Ken Kurtz. ironically. the story's
significance was twofold: l) the retirement of
Coach Garcia and 2) the retirement of the
reporter.

It is rare the someone's active involvement
in the ASP will last his/her four years at
school. However. in Mr. Kurtz's case. this is
an exception and he should be congratulated
for his quality and dedicated work during this
span.

—- Rich Seiigson

PLO Perspective

To the Editor:

I am writing this in response to the letter
“l’LO at Albany".
Different groups on campus have invited
speakers. but the issue of funding had never,
become a controversy. Zehdi Labib Terri is
the PLO's Permanent Observer to the UN.
“is credentials and eminence far exceeds
those of most speakers who have been invited
and funded by the University.
PLO is recognired by the whole world
(except lsracl, South Africa and the US.) as
the stile. legitimate representative of the
Palestinian people. even Palestinians living
under occupation in the West ltaiik have
demonstrated under the threat ofaii extremist
rioiiist grottp (Gosh Hamonim) to prove that
there will he no settlement without the full
participation of the Palestinians through their
legitimate representative. the PH).

 

 

()n this campus. '

activities. honors. etc.) they cati become a
usetul predictor whose importance cannot be
dismissed. liut this is all predicted on the
assumption that the tests are. or can be. valid
measures of aptitudcs. We must determine if
this assumption is true.

l he State Legislature will soon be
considering a 'i‘ruth-ln-Testiiig bill. if ever
there were a piece of legislation which aimed
to protect the rights of students against the
transgressions of ll monolithic. insensitive
ciitcrprire. it is this. ETS must be forced to be
responsive to revision iind improvement. it is
time for them to stop playing (iod with the
futures of innumerable college students.

opportunity to hear many times the Israeli
point of view. and now it is the right time to
hear from the Palestinians.

PLO does not promote violence. the
Palestinians are the victim of Begin's’violence.
We have to remember that Begin. the terrorist
leader of lrgun and now the winner Nobel
Peace Prize. had killed over 250 innocent
Palestinians in the village of Deir Yassin in
1948. The PLO. which represents the hopes
and aspirations of the heroic Palestinian
people was formed in l964to fight for national
liberation and self determination of the
oppressed Palestinian people, some of whom
live under occupation and others as refugees
outside their homeland.

l ask all the students who cherish freedom to
have a correct perspective about the Middle
East conflict. especially that peace in that area
is very important to the economic well-being
and prosperity of the whole world. An
important historical lesson we have learnt
from the put is that there can be no peace
without the participation of the people
directly involved in the conflict.

Naim Nusair
GSPA

Official Position

To the Editor:

Speakers liornnt would like toclaiify some
issues concerning the lL’L‘illlt' ht Mr. 'l cr/i‘ ihc
permanent tilisct‘vct‘ lltilll liic i’illCSlinC
Liberation Organiuition to the United
Nations. Mr. 'ler/i has an area of expertise
and knowledge of the PH) hllllillltlll. We are
pitting lot his witnt-u lt'lllit'lt'tl. not paying
the l'tllt'\l|llt' I lllt'ltlilltll filiniiii/ttliott.

As with t.‘\L'l\ upmle that we sponsor, the

\lt‘W‘t of tile sprain-i do not H'|)I'C.\Clli the view
of Speakers i‘tlllllll \':tn Motrtson is
sytiipatliettt: to the \lL‘W‘t ol the Irish
‘Itcptitihcan .‘\llll)‘. yet that Wth not made an
issue. Who ltlllt\'t~. “\lttil't: Van Morrison's
iiioiiet' went oi for that ttntttct‘ any speakei's
icotuneration'.’

illl‘ \[tt'ttkt'l‘v it'l' llnil Mi it.'l/l is iccciviiig
will be coming lioiii the small group's line in
Sputtkch l'oiuiii‘x budget. Although small
group apetikets me open to everyone,
gciietaliy they are of most interest totlic group
sponsoring them. lliei‘e might be those who
do not want Mr. '1 cm to speak however there
are student taxpayers who do want it anti it is
our obligation to bring speakers of varied
disiplitics. (hanging at the door has been
suggested btit we would like to have it wide
representation of students and this would
defeat the purpose.

 

 

N Tilt
We}
CELEBQME
OPTIMI‘SM.

 

FElFFER

tr rota .mn’twrm saw-ant nu

 

M WW

0???? Mme-.Wzr

Writ" WW/

to “this
Eases
cements
TRIUMPH

OVER
AVVER-‘atrv

N THE
mace
I 05%

W
Minism.

iiiiOHiiiOO ditto
“ it i

A VANCE T0 WINE»:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Fred T. Bird-
thc bird who plays the character
is interviewed in the centerfold.

Fons of science fiction
sec 30

New ﬂllmon Brothers album is reviewed
sec 60

Trlvlo Time meets the Mots
Soc do

The Foleo dancers are reviewed
on 20

 

 

Good Subs-whore you locust expect them

see 7o

Fred attends 0 party
So. do

 

 

