 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
   
  
 
 
  
 
   
  
  
  
 
 
   
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
      
        
      
      
    
   
     
   
   
      
    
      
      
       
     
    
       
      
      
     
     
   
   

 

 

 

     
   

     
 

    
 

 
  
  
 

 
  
  

 

~- row. a prig and er en ‘g'L‘o'I C‘érle Sun: 8: ‘

Citrin's classroom. and who had the loveliest. stfkid’s‘t'. sbaeta'untiffi‘l’gstt Zblrdlgn'liohdles;
hair in the history of sixth graders. i. in this dream. was firing spitbails at her in the
hopes of attracting her attention away from the blackboard. chalk filled with nutty
words. But it was not to be, for as one particularly gooey wad splattered over the base
of her neck in drippy droopy slow motion 1 was tugged out of my ecstasy by the hands
of my brother. Bill.

Bill was eighteen. He was about to graduate high school and go to college next fall
but he got fed up with the fascist pigs and war mongers who ran the educational
system. There was a big argument downstairs. Dad was calling Bill “a jerk." and Mom
was saying “don't call him that." Bill was shouting something something Cambodi'i
something. and l was trying to get me some sleep. lt's rougir when you're an over‘»
worked twelve year old who has to get up at seven in the morning for school It was
hard enough when they moved Star Trek to ten Sunday nights. but now it was past
eleven and they were screaming about sttiff that I had no idea about. i never be 1rd of
a state called Kent and didn't care about a country called Vietnam. l was more Wlil‘l'letl
about remembering that the UN had 123 member nations waking for world MVIN'
aird that the United States had the most democratic government llt'l'ti‘titit'u bec inset
checks and balances. though i could never remember exactly how rhecksf " If
balances worked. firll knew about those things. I I Am
So finally i get to sleep and get in oire decent dream when fiill wakes me

"(hit up, kid." he says handti g me my pants and a shirt. H I

"What who. who what." 1 am bewildered.

"Let's go to the movies." he started pulling off my paiarrias. Hill was a great brother
for a kid, We'd alway. go to the movies. espeiially after a fight Willtflltt.’ l’rit’L’ltl'll
(riililaiice “ii/stem. but usually not at a quarter to midnight. ltt seconds I was tires-‘(fd
and we slid down the big tree outside my window. The Central 'l'hetiter w is oiil“
block away so we caught the midnight show of Hire [Irrsy f’ier'es ‘iiid I   I" fy'd
Tum My. r .ir .s y (if icr
. When that guy told the waitress to stick that chicken sandwich between her knees to
Hire Easy Pieces ~ that was the best We botli liked that movie a lot. After it ended-we
bought some raisinets in the lobby and Bill told me he had to go Canada for a while to
visit some aunt [never heard of. and that he had to leave tonight. “I've. got to kid " he
said. "i really have to." He bent down to his knees so we were eye to eye He bugged
me and held me and i saw the ushers looking at us and I wished he would stop 'l'hen
he kissed me on the forehead and gave me a note to give to Mom and Dad. His face
was wet, He stood up. i could hear the next picture starting as liill walked out of the
theater leaving me in the lobby holding a box of ralsinets and waving at him. V
lhe summer passed in a haze of be * .hall. body surfing. and lazing. 'l‘lie night before
.Junior High started there was a special meeting in the ariditoriurrr.fMoni dragged me
to it. A lot of boring speakers talked to us arid l counted the seats. ‘l‘lien ll’Ottt‘flic bark
of the auditorium a-tall black man with a beard and a bald head. wearing a denim
)acket wttlr patches of the African continent. and a black fist over a greerr red and
black flag came in with a wlitte worrtati. l le jumped on the stage and spokelto tlrle‘au»
dience. The Violence must stop, he said. and Words came rushing oiil of him. flieard
Vietnam. and i heard Martin Luther King. I heard jitnflt‘t‘ and freedom and dignity. He
didn't talk long. And when he was finished he walked off the stage ff'ltt’li‘Wt’ went
roiiliirirerl on l‘l/i

   
 

  

 

  
 
 

 

 

 

   
    
  
 
  
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

' ""\'/'fi'r'irii:"l'

twice. but no more. l [is be
who called themselves The

“Hey Kirk." he buffed in

asking me that since in.
(his) homework. But
shoulders. “OK. I'll see ya

hear." he asked grinning,

But there really was a ri

guys to storm Guisseppe'

hospital and one guy.
strapped to a fishing pole

We all rushed to the wiirdi

face and couldn't get off i

which was inst great with

ple and pigs eating them

 

 

home.

 

 

ms 544211;: was ruy (Ira! nruuu In uuuiur toy“.
and was a nice guy as long as you let him the;
homework answers. I led e

nie was practically a member. About a week afte
after me while i was walking home,

He called me Kirk since he found out i liked St
to dinner that night with his brothers to (‘ruisseppe'
st that afternoon he called me
I told him I couldn't. i don't know why. He shrugged his

The next day Vinnie didn't go to class A not unusual.
Italian kids were absent and so were the

“What riot?" l answered expecting some

White Knights for one of their members who singleh
with it crowbar when they crosse
ed The Black Stallions. The Stallions heard
5. Cops came from all over but the rut
restaurant. crates of lobsters were thrown on to the
Hours later. when everything finally calmed
Vinnie's cousin, got killed. A spur

The war started and the \.
low for a while. /\ lot of kids cut out o
going to happen. Rumor had it that the.
our school. 1 was sitting in seven
came on for everyone to sit quietly in their seats

my of white guys rhargin
Heads got busted arid arri
madness. We were cheering

were watching this news special with all these people
up aird we were rrar'king jokes and stir
it was the only time he ever hit me. Dad
about that now made rrre sick.

Soon more police came and broke

traces of spray painted graffiti covering almost every wall.
“Nigger  arid ‘(linee Wop" and other things like
i" 7" and “Send the Harris to Viet Nam," There were

1 la mu val-nu? ITTJm‘u-xuuiu-r
If off you on tests and gave him the
veir understand if you did bad on a test score, maybe even
rtliers belonged to a group of ltaliairs in my neighborhood
White Knights. They were mostly high schoolers. but Vin»
r the Easter vacation Vinnie chased

rm the running. Cigarettes cut down on his wind a bit too.
ar’l‘rek so much. 1 le asked me to go out
s Seafood. it was real weird him
a worm because i didn't do my

then." He jogged off,
biit more than a few of the
blacks. Bob found me by my locker. “Did you
"about the riot?"

ridiculous Bob comeback.
ot Last night at Guisseppe's was a victory dinner for The
andedly beat up three black kids
(1 the boundary line. There was a black gang too call-
about the party and got together with fifty
nble demolished the
highway. and a fire broke out.
down. a dozen or so kids went to the
n' made of a switch blade
was jammed through his back.
vord was out to black and ltalian younger brothers to lay
f school. but most were dying to see what was
high school was in flames. Police cars circled
tlr period Social “tudies when an announcement
and wait for more announcements.
iws. and outside there was an army of black guys and an ar-~
g at each other with cops getting trampled in the middle.
bulanees rode tip on the grass in front of the school. It was
and laughing at this fat white guy who was kicked in the
ground. Suddenly it reminded me of when me and Bob
getting shot and burnt and blown
if when liill came in and slapped me in the face.
sirrat'ked the hell out of him after. but thinking

be

it up. School was closed for the next three days
back they still didn't get off the last
The walls were slashed with
"l lr'lter Shelter" and "Die Mother
also drawings of mutilated peo-

rrlttflttfliil

ltlroirglit of lirll and l wished l was with hiiri I”.
.w t.

me, But when we came

 

