 
  
 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

Livonia: news briefs)

 

 

,' Egypt Upset with US Pledges

State Cyrus R. Vance. This, said Khalil. is “a matter we
- cannot accept."

 

Pentagon Announces Cutbacks

WASHINGTON (AP) The Pentagon. under intense political
pressure. announced yesterday moves aimed at closing,
reducing and consolidating military bases across the country
to save more than $400 million a year. if all the plans are
carried out. the Defense Department could cut more than
40,000 of its 3 million civilian and military personnel from
t tlte payroll. Defense ofﬁcials refused to identify the affected
bases in advance of an afternoon announcement. But it is
, known they plan to clear up some cases dating back to the
Ford Administration in I976, as well as proposals the Carter
administration made last year.

New Look for Soviet Media

MOSCOW (AP) in the wake of pointed criticism by
President Leonid i. Brezhnev, the Soviet Union's
government controlled newspapers, radio and television are
undergoing changes aimed at grabbing the attention of
readers. listeners and viewers. By Western standards, the

 

f

changes —— ranging from a new nationwide television

program on foreign affairs to modernized layout of

‘

WASHINGTON (AP) Egypt has registered grave concern
over what itcalis unacceptable new US. security assurances
to Israel. But it was not immediately clear what, in a practical
way. Egypt could do about the American pledges to Israel.
outlined in a memorandum released Wednesday by the State
Department. The memo includes a promise to urgently
consider an increased show of American strength in the
Middle East and emergency arms shipments to Israel if Egypt
violates the peace treaty signed Monday. “it givesthe United
States the right to impose a military presence in the region for
reasons agreed between Israel and the United States,"
Egyptian Prime Minister Mustafa Khalil wrote Secretary of

newspaper pages —- appear relatively modest. However. they
are major steps in this country. where for decades the news
media have been distinguished largely by stodginess and
tedious rivers of ofﬁcial propaganda. in his unusually tough
criticism, on Nov. 27, Brezhnev asserted that Soviet media
have failed to provide “enough principled, major statements
touching on urgent problems of economic and social life." He
told the Communist Party‘s Central Committee that “not
infrequently. newspaper materials and television and radio
broadcasts are not convincing enough . . . They are
overburdened with general phrases which say nothing to the
mind or the heart.”

Accident Hinders Support

WASHINGTON (AP) Supporters of atomic power. already

possible when the current contract expires at midnight
Saturday. although the union has indicated it might launch
selective strikes or seek a contract extension.

Carter Ready to Lift Controls

WASHINGTON (AP) President Caner, described as ready
to lift price controls from domestically produced crude oil. is
directing intensive consultations with members of Congress
on is promised new energy blueprint. Congressional leaders
were called to the White House yesterday to discuss with
Caner the broad range of options confronting him. Senators

w

under ﬁre on a number of fronts and increasingly on the
defensive, say the last thing they needed now was a nucleai
accident. indeed. say industry and government sources, the
escape of radiation into the air Wednesday at the Three Mile
island nuclear plant near Harrisburg, Pa.. is sure to makeit
more difﬁcult to sell atomic power to an increasingly
skeptical America. "it's hurt the argument for nuclear power
and it's hurt it at a time that much ofthe argument is on an
emotional rather than a rational basis." said an Energy
Department ofﬁcial, is strong advocate of nuclear power who
declined to be named. The incident in Pennsylvania came at a
time when atomic power, once considered the answer to the
nation's energy needs. faces a broadside of criticism not only
from staunch anti-nuclear public interest groups but
government regulators as well.

Teamsters Strike Possible

WASHINGTON (AP) Negotiators forthe Teamsters union
and the trucking industry remain in “complete disagreement"
after rejecting each other‘s revised wage proposals. The
Caner administration. meanwhile, is deciding whether to
relax its anti-inﬂation guidelines to accommodate the
nation's largest union. With a possible trucking strike
looming this weekend. theindustry's chief negotiator brokea
long silence Wednesday by declaring the two sides remained
far apart and by blasting the administration for its "ineptf'
handling of the crucial negotiations. A nationwide strike is

who met privately Wednesday with top administration
economic ofﬁcials reported the president is prepared to lift
price controls but remains unsure of how to go about it. The
biggest question marks. the senators said, involve possible
imposition of a special tax to accompany deregulation, and
whether Congress would pass necessary tax legislation.

Minority Government Ousted

LONDON (AP) Queen Elizabeth ll yesterday called a
general election for May 3 following the ouster of Prime
Minister James Callaghan's minority Labor government ina
historic no-conﬁdence vote. Callaghan‘s ofﬁce said in an
announcement that the monarch set April 7 for the
dissolution ofthe current Parliament and May 9 for the ﬁrst
session of the new Parliament . The government was ousted
Wednesday night by a margin of only one vote, 3” to 3l0, in
the House of Commons. If. as opinion polls indicate. the
opposition Conservatives win the election, their 53-year~old
leader, Margaret Thatcher. will become Europe's ﬁrst
woman prime minister. The announcement of the date for
electing a new House of Commons came after a somber
Callaghan droveto Buckingham Palace to inform the queen
that his government no longer commands a majority in the
house. The monarch has to dissolve Parliament before an

election can take place. /

 

 

 

 

Road Blockers

The coldfronts are slowly moving away. the frost line has
dropped. the snow has even melted. With last week '5 weather
change. SUNYA students are ﬁnding refuge in lands where
mother nature is in control. SUNYA studentsare leaving the
“Emerald City". better known as the Concrete Jungle forthe
outer lying areas of the Capitol District. One problem has
been encountered. Many students are ﬁnding that there are
an ever-increasing number of Deers on the road. As one
student reported. “A deer tried to perform high hurdles over
my car. but the deer missed the hurdle and slammed into the
side of my car." When asked if he stopped, ltc replied. “are
you kidding. in the movie ‘The Birds‘ thousands of birds
attacked the poor bystander, so i thought i would be
bombarded with thousands of unhappy deer!"

Be aware that the deer will not stop for you. Evert if you
are going slow. ifyou see a deer, please proceed with caution,
there may be many in the underlying forage. They do not
stop, rather they followthe lights ofthe car. The moral ofthe
story, please, when traveling. just be aware that something
more powerful titan your car is ottt there. You should drive
with the utmost of caution, bccttttsc iii the long run the deer
will win and you and your car will ultimately loose out.

Racquetballers- Relax!

To racquetball or not to racquetball that has been the
question for the last few months. But with the advent of
spring coming into being. those long lines in the physical
education building have subsided. instead of twenty people
waiting for a court at 7:30 in the morning, only three or so
wait. The long lines have gone and the times on the court have
been shortened from one hour to 45 minutes long.

The weather outside has also added to the number of
courts available; People are playing tennis instead of
racquetball. in addition, instruction labs and challenges that
used to tie up the courts are no longer in effect. in result.
more people are able to use the facilities for racquetball,
handball, Jai mini and squash. with little or no waitingtime.

The procedure (for playing in the gym.) is still the some:
students wanting to reserve ll court are asked to sign up aday
in advance, and are required to bring two i.D.'s in order to
reserve it. Both partners must sign up for the court and if at
the end of the day two names are not on the court to be

 

 

 

kw_._-.m- -. ._ _

PAGE TWO

reserved the names will be crossed off and the court will be
lost. Remember. it takes two names to hold a court for the
following day. To racquetball or not to racquetball, there‘s
no times like the presentl

The Effects of Spring

Spring Fever effects different SUNYA students in diverse
ways. For some. Spring causes “podiation.” For others it
stimulates them into throwing food around a cafeteria. But
for still others. the spring season motivates them to take off
their clothes and streak through the Campus Center.

’ ’ - z.

.4. '\

 

Registration Options

Community Service, a different option to briglttcn a
humdrum schedule, begins its registration on April 3 and
continues through April 6. Registmtion for this program
will be held from lOam to4 pm dailyin Lecture centersSand
4

Students interested in taking a community service course
can pick up a booklet that gives descriptions of each of the
programs in CUE. Over “to different agencies itt CUE are
available to any SUNYA student. All community service
projects art: three credits —~— s/u graded. and the options
available range from legislative internship to voluntccr work

   

in nursing homes. Students can take Community Service for
two semesters, the ﬁrst registered as 290 and the second as
390.

The popularity of Community Service to gain ﬁeld work
experience is growing at a fast rate. Over 600 students were
involved in Community Service programs last semester
alone. So get to registration early. if last semester is an
indication of Community Service‘s popularity — there'will
be long lines.

Shoppers...Compare!

The New York Public interest Research Group. inc.
(NYPIRG) announced yesterday that the price of a thirty-
four item market brisket varies up to 6 percent among seven
Albany Area supermarkets. A two week survey found Price
Chopper on Madison Avenue to be the least expensive ofthe
seven stores surveyed. and A & Pon Central Avenue to be the
most expensive.

"The price of food is rising faster than most other
consumer products. Selective grocery shopping can result tn
a substantial savings for consumers." stated Murc Wind.
coordinator of the NYPIRG survey.

The survey found that the Delaware Avenue Price
Chopper had the second lowest prices with a price vnritttion
of less than i percent. Trading Port on Central Avenue and
Shop Rite on Western Avenue ranked third and fourth
respectively; prices were 2 percent higher than the least
expensive store. The remaining three highest priced
supermarkets ranked as follows: Grand Union in Stuyvesant
l’luzu was ﬁfth with a 3.3 percent variation in prices. Albany
Public Market at Westgate Shopping Center ranked sixth
with it 4.9 percent variation and A &. i’ on Central Avenue
was the highest priced store with prices uvcrnging 6.| percent
above those at tltc lowest priced. Price Chopper.

“NYl'lRG hopes the results of this survey will help
consumers stth money on their weekly grocery bill,"
concluded Marc Wind, "shoppers should still compare prices
on individual items wherever possible, but it pays to know
which store is cheapest when the ﬁnal total is rung up on the
cash register."

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

(gunya news briefs “My

MARCH 30, I979

 

 

 

 

 

    
  

_ W ., .w. . . ,.--.--.-...,...V.. .- “A”... -..w...a.~.~“”..sz-m '

 

P    impressionthatthe oral agreement

by Michele lsrsel

A tentative oral agreement has
been made between SA and PLO
speaker Zehdi Labib Terzi.
according to SA President Paul
Feldman. There will not be a
conﬁrmed agreement until a written
contract has been issued.

The agreement involves paying a
maximum amount of $150 for
Terzi’s travel and lodging expenses
rather than a $400 payment. $150
may also be issued to pay for Terzi's
bodyguard.

   

A campaign to Increase awarnoes ol 4 "

"To my understanding, the
agreement has been set‘ and is
pending State Department
approval. We think Terzi
understands the policy ofthe student
government. He may be perceiving
something different; he may think
there isn‘t enough money. i don‘t
know if it was clear. A contract has
been drafted and mailed." said
Feldman.

According to Speakers Forum
Roberta Tarkin. Terzi was contacted
Wednesday morning. at which time
his payment was renegotiated for a

is starting.

l’lrtllugnl/tll't' rli.t'[ll{l_l' will he on each quad.

Adult Students Want

The names ofthe [It’ople' interviewed
were furnished by Ellie Pruner of the
College of General Sludies.

by Robert Blasensteln

The adult education program at
SUNYA is appealing to people from
llll walks of life. But no matter who
they are or where they come frotn.
one thing is evident; tltcy take
courses because they want to.

Vcronicu Sharp is divorced and
the mother ofthrcc udultduughters.
She entered the College of General
Studies in l974 and will have 60
hours of credit after this semester.

“it was always in the back of my
mind to take courses since i lived in
tltc urea and already knew about the
university." said Ms. Shurp.

Although she is art English major.
Ms. Sharp is also taking courses in
History ttnd Sociology. Her goal for
the immediate future is to get a B.A.
in English when the degree program
is instituted. nttd to get ajob working
with people.

Ms. Sharp tukes courses withfull
tittte students and claims that “they
bring good idens"since they are from
it "different educational
buckrounds." Sltc said tltnt taking
courses with university students
"makes it very easy, and comfortable
to begin if you haven't had any
college experience before."

Rhoda linthawuy. nn Albany
resident for many years. is a retired
society editor for the old
Knickerbocker Press. She began
studying iii the College of General
Studies eight years ago. with u
ctcntivc writing course geared for
children.

'i‘odtty. M5. llutlutwuy isinvolved
with the organized mini-college
which consists of six or seven
lectures on a variety of topics. Said
Rhoda. “l've been associated with
newspapers all my life. i can't
imagine doing anything not involved
in newspaper work."

ileidi McCurville is one of the
younger persons involved itt adult

'MARCH 30, I979

 

education. Ms. McCurville is 23.
married. and with the help of
ﬁnancial aid. is able totake courses in
social services.

She was it full time student at
SUNY lluffnlocompletingtwo years
of college. After being out of school
for several years, Ms. McCurville
was persuaded to return by her
employer. She isnowtakingcourses
and is employed on a part—time basis
with University Student Affairs.

Retired SUNYA Post Ofﬁce
employer Albert l'iajduczky said
that taking courses with the College
of General Studies is "rt good wtty to
spend an evening. It's better than
hanging around in bars."

Mr. littjduczky has been taking
art courses "on and off for four
semester." Although he admits he‘s
taking them for "fun", he hopes to
get it degree someday.

Mr. llrtjduczky snid taking
courses with university students
“doesn‘t bother" him. "They don‘t
bother me. i don't bother them.

 

maximum of 5150 in travel expenses.
"We explained to him that we had
to keep up with our policy of getting
speakers for as cheap a price as
possible. We told him that we were

. not discriminating.” said Tarkin.

Tarkin said that Terzi ﬁrst
accused Speakers Forum of
discrimination because he did not
understand the policy of the school.
He believed speakers always
received a payment. Tarkin
explained 'that the school has had
other speakers come for free.

by Karen Lee Dunne

A massive advertisingcampaign is
being initiated by quad residents in
an attempt to obtain active student

support to combat the growing

problem of vandalism at SUNYA.
The campaign is being
coordinated by the residence stuffs
on each quad along with the quad
maintenance committees.
According to lndian Quad
Maintenance Committee Chair Fred
Aliltet .. a list of each net of
vandalism will be posted in
desigttutcd areas of the dorms. A

p

,' photography display will be placed
.neur each quad cafeteria These

displays will be updated each week

by the tmtintennnce committees.
RA‘s will be distributing

newsletters to residents. informing

To Learn

They just have a different point of
view. I'm not set in my ways.“

Concerning his future. Mr.
linjduczky said “i don‘t know whnti
wont to do. but i don‘t live in the
past. l'molwuysthinkingtomorrow.
tomorrow."

Central Council was under the "mm" "NP! me amount eqm to
the costs incurred for the speaker
himself.”

Coplon and Schatsky explained

" that the bill was proposed because
Terzi could refuse to accept the new
agreement, stating that the original
contract made between him and
Speakers Forum would enable him
to receive a payment of $400.

"We wanted‘this to be ﬁnalized. We
only want his expenses to be
paid." said Schatsky.

Central Council Chair Dave
Ruffo overruled the bill. He stated
nothing was ofﬁcial because a
contract was needed. The bill was
also presented without it ﬁrst being
placed on the meeting's agenda.

was conﬁrmed, according to council
members Gary Schatsky and Steve
Coplon.

Members of the council. assuming
the agreement was conﬁrmed were
going to present a resolution. stating
“that we were happy with the way the
situation had been resolved. that we
disliked the way it had come about.
it also stated that we believed if this
happened againg with any other SA
groups, the groups would be held
liable for damages,” said Coplon.

After discovering that the
agreement was tentative. a bill was
introduced stating that “the speaker
from the PLO shall receive no

 Campaign To Combat

them of vandalism and its costly
effects. The amount of money
required to replace vandalized items
will soon be publicized by the Plant
Department

l’lont Department Super-
intendent lrn DeVoc said last
year 513.000 was spent on replacing
Indian Quad windows. By
ndvcrtisingthc exact figures, such as
the cost of each wind w. DcVoe
hopes to make students rettlire that
administrative services which would
benefit students. will lutvc to be cttt
lI‘otu tltc budget.

lltc advertising program is not
expected to stop it person front being
destructive. lndiun ()uud
('tmrdinutor Jack Simuonc sttid the
program's objective is to achieve
active support front qund residents.
He explained that active support
involves pursuing tlu: vnndnl, either
by confronting the person or
informing n staff member of his
actions. Simconc said that the
residence stuff does not know who
commits tnost of the acts. but if the
students become more concerned.
the offenders could be apprehended.

Sirneonc suid tltnt “the conditions
of the dorms have really gone
downhill lit the past months. The
number of problems greatly

Vandalism

increased in February. Along With
many broken windows. vending
machines have been overturned. and
fire extinguishers tampered with. A
five-foot hole was made inthe wall of
the Indian Quad U—Lounge."

lndian Quad's rate ofvandalism is
greater than that of State. Colonial,
and Dutch Quads. Alumni Quad has
shown the fewest incidents of
vandalism. wlticlt, accoding to Jack
Simeonc, reflects the fact that
residents of Alumni take more pride
in their buildings.

Sintconc cites twu possible
reasons for the increase in
wtntlulisnt, Residents are forced to
remain inside dttring the winter
which inﬁrchses vundulisnt tn dorms,
and it new type of student exists on
L‘iliilplls.

“A new generation of students has
been entering the university. it‘s a
generation that has been born into a
more permissive society. Right and
wrottg values were not stressed as
these students grew up, making
coping in the university more
difﬁcult," suid Simeone. He pointed

out that problems ofcoping coupled
with SUNYA‘s academic pressures
force students to take out their
frustrations by destroying their
dorms.

Job Placement Plans Considered

by Arnold Reich

Plans are now being formulated to
create a new undergraduate job
placement service that will begin on
campus next semester.

Undergraduate student Tom
Smith has initiated u plan to create
tttt organized list of jobs. mulching
them to students‘ individual
interests.

Smith visited OCA earlier this year
requesting a job. When he was told
that only a limited placement service
existed, ht: decided to establish

connections betwcctt The New York
State Job Service and groups at
SUNYA, including ()CA and
Financial Aids. Once these
connections were made. an extensive
placement service became possible.

liinnnciul Aids currently handles
the system of matching a few
undergraduate students to jobs in
the community. According to Off
Campus AssociationtOCA)
Coordinator John Kennedy. “There
are hundreds of purt—timejobs open
in the community." This service

Question Of Racism Continues,

continued/rm" page one
tltut ltc felt he showed the coaches his
superior ability.

Defensive coordinator .htck
Siedlccki believes littlston was
treated fairly.

Sicdlecki said in Season ‘76, the
varsity team ltnd seven half—bucks,
which was for too many. He added.
“The bus could not hold all our
backs and sortie had to be left
behind."

“I believe ilttlston was treated
fairly," snid Sicdlccki. According to
the ‘76 seasonal statistics. Hulston
recorded l4 rushing attempts while
each of the three players mentioned
did so 13 times.

()‘liryun. a former full-back,
believes that white players were
favored by the coaches.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

()‘iiryhn said Gus l‘ttddoul was
awarded an inordinate number of
opportunities to start tll various
positions when it was clear that he
lacked the ability to play football.
He added. “Fuddoul, us i recall. was
given ttt‘lettst four chances to start at
different positions."

liut l’ord claims Fttddoul was
never given it starting position.

Ford said, “Fuddoul was given
scvct‘ttl opportunities to pitty
different positions. bttt he was rtevcr
given tl sturting position."

"i believe littddoul was it good
nthlctc,"sttid Ford. llcttddedthut by
giving Flldtlttul opportuttilictt to play
different positions he had hoped to
discover the position best suited for
his ctlpnbilities.

O'llryun believes that Richard
llcrtniny. 'a white defensive half:

buck. was unfairly. awarded is
starting position over established
black players.

()‘llryan said Ford always stressed
the intportuncc of running speed for
defensive players. He added.
“ Richard llerminy in the ‘76 season,
who possessed slow speed — 5.0 il'
40 yards  Wits given it starting
position on the varsity tennt its u
freslttmtn, while (black players) Billy
Brown. Ray (lay, and Calvin Flynn,
who were better players _ were
hencltcd."

Ford said, “Speed is important for
every player to have." He added ifall
things were held cquul he would start
the players with the superior speed.

“llut. football players cannot be
judged on a single characteristic. The
game requires many other skills."-

crmmmerl on page sewn

would ltecxpunded into on extensive
rcl'crrnl system, enabling students to
take advantage of the jobofferings.

During prc-registrntion for the
Fall semester, u survey will be given
to students to determine if such u
need exists for a new system. "The -
present University-run Work study
program is bttscd on ﬁnancial
status.“ Smith said. “Possibly as
many us 12.000 students don‘t
qualify for work study." Smith
expected that many ofthose students
would like part-time jobs.

Director of Financial Aids
Donald Wltitlock estimated that
some need exists. He said at least l50
to 208 students who do not qualify
for work study are interested in part-
timcjobs. About seven years ago. his
office had supplied a tnore extensive
service.

"At that tinte tltc placement
service hnttdlcd about 200
undergraduate students," Whitlock
said. He added. “The growth of the
work study program arid the limited
staff employed by Financial Aids for
undergraduate pluccntent led to it
reduced liinnncinl Aids placement
program."

Director of Career Planning and
Placement John Alexander
cautioned against calling the new
program it "job placement service."
“leing the some nante that Financial
Aids uses will cause confusion and
damage the current program. The
current program is mostly for
graduate students and alumni." he
anigL

PAGE THREE

 
        
    

 

   
        
    

 

   

  

    

.. -..._):

 
  

    

 
 

   
         
       
     
      
 
         
       
        
             
    
            
    
       
     
       
            
   
    
       
      
      
   
   
    
 
   
     
   
    
        
   
    
     
        
      
          
     
     
    
    
     
      

    

 
   

 

