 

 

 

 

  

 

 

Marti'stuottttrs  PRESENTS
pa. HERMAN FRIEDMAN.
of Systems Research Institute. IBM, NYC

Systems Researcher b Stoticion

'Stotistics 6 Use of Computer _

I
Monday. November 19 “lance
' 4.00 m
55 MO More Info....
Dr. Turner. ES 115. 7-3952

 

 

 

 

and those intersted attend

It’s Important”

 

occurrence entrance
cameraman Dﬂﬁﬁﬁﬂlﬂtﬁ

Tonight 7:30 GSPA Members

 

 

 

 

 

Volleyball Officials
Meeting
Date: Wednesday 1 1/14-

Time: 4:00
Place: CC373

,\

Anyone Interested in Officiating Intramural Volleyball

Must Attend. For more Information

callGaryBecker l457-5l45l
SA funded -

 

 

 

 

 

Colonid Tower Council Presents
THHNHSGIVING PﬂﬂTV
unit art 11» Trimmings
Friday, Nov.“ from 9pm-lom

Tourer Penthouse

Mixed Drinks

Munchies

Sodo
activities

 

 

 

 

modemeeamtieememm

 

THE WORLD'S FAVORITE BED-TIME STORY is
FINALLY A BED-TIME STORY . . .

    
 
 

From the creator of
Flesh Gordon,

Now
BILL OSCO'I . . .

ondelan

STARRING cursor-s COVERGARL-KRISTlNE DeBELL

Definitely not for Kids

mat or MIMI air-mm

 

 

 

Thursday, Friday, and Saturday
November 15, 16, 17 7:30 and 9:30

Lecture Center 18 1.00 w/tax 1.50 w/out

SA funded

 

 

o

HUMANITIES $ CAREER

 

umanicie

 

 

 

.4 Anal Fine Arts

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Advisement Center

 

 

 

 

 

How to succgg'dmiﬁn business
By studying the liberal arts

to tomcs t SPEAKERS e
(tiNltNG 2H?”
‘AN ENGLISH MAJOR lN THE BANKING WORLD”

JOY lONliO (5U.N.Y.A.‘51) NNIONAL (OMMf'RlCAl. BANK

'THE Alit‘CTlNG SlUDENT  THE JOB lNTERVlEW"

(iAN ’i'AYlOR (SliNYIl‘H/illlRMLY WllH N.Y.(I.Ali\lilill5lNG AGENCY

“FROM lllSl‘ORY MAJOR TO B SINESS ()V'yNERﬂVtANAUER"

litllilWllit. Oi" SWIRE l‘thNllURi £MA‘il7/tlli l C

Thurs. Nov. l5 7:30 D.M.

PATROON ROOM LOUNGE
CAMPUS CENTER

"* a ‘ Refresh m en 1?:

“IS THERE Ll FE AFTER ACCO

hit. HALCANNON, lllltilNl’SS srtto

 

 

 

 

 

,—

 

‘Ww‘r-rr  n .. r:   -~ we

continued from page 12,.

missiles test fired in the middle of Asia? Last.
ly and most importantly, was that the deploy.
ment of Russian troops in Cuba
demonstrates the unremitting Soviet cam.
paign for political advantage through the use
of its military forces.

The Administration has warned that any
action to amend the treaty by the Senate
would be tantamount to rejecting the treaty,
and that Moscow simply would not concur in
Senate modiﬁcations. This is just another
case of the Soviet Union trying to gain the
upper hand. The Soviet Union realizes that
SALT ii at this point favors them. Because
of this, Moscow is saying “take all of it or
let's renegotiate the whole treaty.“ At no
point should the United States Senate reject
amendments just because the Soviet Union
stated that no amendments would be accep-
table. if this is done, it would jttst be another
case of appeasement. The only way tltc treaty
can be made acceptable to U.S. interests is by
amendments which may or may ttot be accep-
table to the Soviet Uniott.

What is actually wrong with SALT it? The
first area of concern is whether the treaty is
verifiable. On October 6. 1979. the Senate
Select Committee on intelligence stated that
tltc U.S. had the ability to monitor many
facets of Soviet military dcvclopmcnt. But
Sctttttc sources said it could draw tto firm
conclusion that the new strategic arms treaty

can be adequately verified. When the Shah of

irttn's government fell this past year. vct'il‘ictt-
tiott of the treaty went along with it. The
U.S. was forced to disassemble lltcir
tuonitory equipment which would have lutd
the capability to verify the treaty. (Thch
httscs had been used to monitor the
qualitative aspects of Soviet ntissilc tcstingJ
As llll alternative to Iran. the tttitttinistrution
wits planning to use lockhccd‘x U.2‘~. in
Turkish ttit'spncc to tnottitor Soviet com-
pliance with the SALT ll limit» on tnissilc

.

Winning design will
Win a FREE T-Sltirl.

'l'dllll'l'l0'-'c”---"l'l"ﬂ""l'lll'-"

Otllnlll'ldll‘.

tests. After the plan leaked to the press, the
Turkish government said it would allow the
U.S. over-ﬂight only if Moscow explicitly ap-
proved them. As of now this plan is dead
even though the Administration insists the
option is still under consideration. Senator
John Glenn (D-Ohio). who has researched
the technical aspects of SALT ll verification
for nearly two years. insisted that the corn-
mittcc report supported his own long-held
view that U.S. intelligence had not yet put in-
to the field monitoring devices that would
replace the intelligence sites lost in iron.
Another problem with verification is that the
treaty allows the encoding of Radis data
frotn the test missiles. if tltc information is
encoded. the U.S. cannot determine whether
or not it is needed to verify compliance with
SALT il. An amendment is definitely needed
to bar encoding of Radis data. Another
amendment is needed to but each cotttttry
from making any durch in its military pro-
ccdurcs that would affect verification. Even
with those amendments and future amend-
ments that will be discussed. the treaty is not
in U.S. intcrcsts until tltc Senate Selcct Com-
tttiltcc on intelligence can conclttdc that tltc
treaty is absolutely verifiable.

Even if the treaty is verifiable. is tltc treaty
itt tltc U.S. interest? There is a basic need for
modernizing U.S. defenses to meet Soviet
threats. To accomplish this, Senator Sum
Ntttm (D-Ga.). an influential member of the
Armed Services Committee, is pushing for
specific commitments on defense spending
incrcttscs greater than tltrcc pcrccnt atututtl
l’L‘lll growth. Scttutor Nunn continually citcd
testimony by the .loittt Chiefs of Stuff calling
for annual t'cul incrcuscs averaging five per-
cent. This will allow tltc U.S. to lilliliClllllL' its
ut'tttcd forces to mulch Soviet thrcttts.

l'ltc first dcfcttsc systcm that is dcspcrutcly
needed is tltc M-.\’ intctconlincnlul missiles.
The new missile. which is fired from a
movable ground lnunchcr, is csscntittl to off-

no-..
ll...a.allrtllllldld-dlll-J'1..--oﬁpoltﬂnlldldlll

Attention Artists:

Designs for (1 SENIOR CLASS 7' -SHIR T
are being (1('(‘(’])fl’(l. Now tltru Mon. Nov 26
SEND Designs to Box 78 . Dllfl‘ll Ouad.
please call 7-774. 7.

  

do: coca."
olltatcaaa-alao-all-100.11.941-

nu---)

otoﬂlnlllnotpatdlal-p.31l11001011'-'

 

BIOLOGY
STUDENTS |

Pick your favorite professor for Funniest, Best
Dressed, Most Personable and more!!! ' V
Nomination forms are in Room 227 Biology Burldtng
Nominations will be held from November 12 to
November 16
Voting will be held from November 19 to November 23
Voting will have a 25¢ entrance fee. Proceeds to
Telethon.
All winners will get pies. "
For more information ~— Call Robin 7-7795
Sponsored by TriBeta

SALT II: An" Essay in Opposition

set current U.S. vulnerability to Moscow's
increasingly accurate lCBMs. A movable
missile is necessary to thwart an all out Soviet
missile attack. which in a few years would be
able to wipe out existing stationary U.S.
missile launchers.

The most awesome weapon in the Soviet
missile arsenal is the 58-18, which carries ten
large. accurate warheads. There are no U.S.
plans to build such a large missile. but it is
necessary that the U.S.‘s right to build such a
weapon in the future be preserved to
establish the principle of strategic equality.
As it stands now there is a treaty provision
that no new land-based launchers for missiles
larger titan the Soviet SS-l9 can be built. The
M-X missile is projected to be slightly smaller
than the 55-19. The U.S. will have no
missiles the size of the 58-18. The only way to
remedy the situation is to pass an amendment
phasing out tlte big missiles. As it stands now
the treaty is not acceptable unless this is ac-
complished. Another amendment is needed
to require that the Backfire Bomber be
counted under tltc treaty limits. Moscow
repeatedly has explained its refusal to formal-
ly treat tltc bomber as an intercontinental
weapon of the type covered by SALT ll,
although it could strike U.S. targets ttndcr
CCflilln conditions. The issue of the liackfire
is just another case of the treaty's inequities.
Moscow agreed to a separate stutcmcttt frccz-
ing the plane‘s production rate and limiting
its operation which might lead to its use its :1
weapon to attack tltc U.S.. bttt tltc separate
agreement hits to be distttisscd its vucuous und
ttttcnl‘orccuhlc. The only way it Cllll bc accep-
tublc is to incorporate it into the ttvtunl trea-
ty.

An rtmcndmcnt must he added to givc tltc
U.S. cquui treatment for its weapons in
[Europe for NATO. The amendment could
citltcr drop from the trcuty the range iitttit in
US. ground luuncltcd cruisc tttissilcs or cx-
tcnd tltc stunt: limit to Soviet weapons. it is

 

V

argued by the administration that the range
limit on cruise missiles is meaningless since
the U.S. weapon would not be employed un-
til after the limit lapsed at the start of 1982.
That position has no foundation as Moscow
would be in a powerful bargaining position to
insist the limit be extended in any future
SALT agreement. This is just another inequi-
ty of the SALT ll treaty.

SALT ll proponents concluded that if the
treaty was rejected European allies would
lose conﬁdence in Washington's reliability.
But on October 8, 1979. Paul Nitze told
Senate Armed Services that the European
allies would be greatly reassured about U.S.
leadership if a clear majority of the Senate
voted to send SALT ii back for renegotiation
and. at the same time, agreed to begin beef-
ing up U.S. defenses.

With all the amendments that are needed
to make SALT ii a treaty in U.S. interest. it
is obvious that the amendments would not be
acceptable to the Soviet Union. it would be
in the interest of the U.S. to scuttle the SALT
and start renegotiating the treaty with
Moscow more equitably. Since the treaty in
reality is not a treaty that imposes restric-
tions on the nuclear arsenal. the treaty would
inevitably lull the country ittto a false sense of
security and undermine political support for
a military buildup. The way to elicit public
support for increased defense efforts is to
shock the public into a realization of the
Soviet threat by rejecting SALT ii. At a
hearing of the Senate Armed Services Corn-
tnittcc. Poul Nitzc stated that the best out-
come of thc SALT dcbatc would be for thc
Scnutc to vote to have the treaty rencgotiatcd
on tnorc equitable terms and. simultaneous-
ly. to support a U.S. defense buildup.

ltt conclusion, I fttlly support the stance of
Paul Nitze which i feel would be in the best
interests of tire United States of America.

('Si 3l0: Don‘t forget to submit RUN highs

on Thurs. Winners Will be announced.

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

. ' ~ . "l
Are you an officer in an SA funded group? ‘

Does that make you a leader? '
What is a leader?
What makes for a successful leader?

5.x. I ilNlt‘ n

Student Association and Student/University Activities in the
Campus Center present a series of workshops the first ofwhtch
is entitled:

"Your Roles as a Leader”

November 27th or 28th, 7 PM- 10:30 PM, Patroon Room Lounge
All SA funded group officers invited.
if interested sign up in SA Office (CC 116) ofStudent Activities
(CC 130) by November 16th.
Any questions? Kathy Nussbaum 7-5115, CC 130
Sue Gold 7-8087, SA Office

 

 

 

 

 

»m

 

 

TOWGI’ East Presents

P. I.

Friday

W

1:30, I930“

 

 

‘ more lt‘lFTEEN

 

 

 

 

NOVEMBER [3, 1979

n ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

~.......tc.,,,,,&_,, a: 7-. W. L... .

 

 

 

