 

A;;4L~-_V;LKA.L..&S.

 

 

 

Aspects Buzz Report

  

 

one More For the Road

it's a Friday night ritual. You waik into the
memory-filled O'Heancy's and. as always. are
overwhelmed by just how many people can
sandwich themselves into such a tiny place.
This makes the telephone booth stuffing
tradition of the ‘50'5 look ltlu- a small feat.

Sylvia Saunders

it's still early. but it takes a while to weave

your way through the crowd. After a few
minutes. you get accustomed to the blaring
music. oppressive heat and smoky fog spread
evenly across the room. By the time a third
person jabs you in the ribs. you're about
ready to give up the fight and try to inch your
way back to the door. But then you catch
sight of a couple of friends seated in the back
corner. it's like seeing a light at the end of the
tunnel. Now if you can only get there.

Finally you reach the table. Eleven people
are huddled around the picnic style table
meant to seat six. Two amber colored
pitchers are strategically placed at each end
if the table so they're sure to be within
:veryone‘s reach. After all. the contents of
these pitchers are what make the evening.
These pitchers provide the laughs. the
conversation. and set the mood for the entire
evening. Before you can even find a chair.
someone automatically hands you a glass
filled with beer.

it's amazing how you've acquired a taste for
the bitter beverage. it wasn't too long ago that
you didn't even like the stuff. You even have a
favorite brand by now.

You glance around the room to spot a few
familiar faces or at least to spot a few with
whom you'd like to be familiar. After all. that's
what bars are for. . .Thejuke box is blaring
continuously as songs like "American Pie"
and “White Rabbit" echo throughout the
room. You know every word. The lights are
dimming as it gets later and people seem to
feel the need to be hidden by the darkness. As
the evening progresses, there is less and less
floor space available and more and more
people becoming their drunken and
supposedly uninhibited selves.

All of a sudden the people whom you hadn't
noticed at the table next to you start singing
"Happy Birthday" to the guy at the head of
their table. You know, he's the one with the
glazed look on his lace and all the empty

 

glasses in front of him. They cheer him on as

he downs his 16th kamikaze and someone
else heads to the bar to get him another. After
all, how else can someone celebrate his
birthday?

Your attention is drawn back to your own

' ' m. - :9

ti?  » . i.“

table. Your roommate is sitting on the lap of
some guy you've never seen before. They
seem to be getting along pretty well. it must
be the alcohol . . .

Soon it's your turn to buy the next [)ilt lit.’l_
so you slowly edge your way up to the bar.
Now that you've become experienced at
pushing your way through llit’ crowd. it only
takes about if) minutes to get your pilLliCi‘
filled.

Back at the table you stare into your filled
glass and try to see your reflection. but you
can't. How rrxrny beers have you had.
anyway? Your head starts to spin as ifyou're
on top of the double furris wheel. You've also
got this funny feeling in your head . . . and
you start home.

On your way back to your room you stop in
the bathroom only to find the girl down the
hall kneeling in front of the sink swearing she'll
never drink again. She groans as she explains
how good the second floor whiskey sour
party was. With a little help. she passes
through a couple of hours of churning, barfing
and dry heaving. She looks as if she's lost just
about all of her insides. Finally it's safe to put
her to bed. You walk her down to her room.
but nobody looks twice because they've seen

this many times before. You make her as
comfortable as possible and place the pail on
the side of the bed ~~r just in case. ‘

Then you go to your own bed and Thank
God you're not in her condition. The bed only
spins ever so slightly . . .

i i t i

Everybody has their favorite bar. it could be
the crowds. the music. the pinball games. or
the "atmosphere" that appeals to you. but
although the Rat. Surfer's. Lamp Post.
Bogart's. O'Heaney's. Washington's Tavern
and Frank's Living Room all have their own
style. there's still one common denominator:
alcohol. it's amazing. but all these bars are
thriving on college students. it is definitely not
an exaggeration to say that alcohol is an im-
portant part of SUNYA.

One strident. who admits she drinks at least
four times a week. says. “beer. wine and it»
quor are as much a part of college life as going
to classes. doing laundry and cramming for
exams."

"Drinking Is a determinant of social status."
adds her friend. “The more you consume, the
more accepted you are." She pauses and ner-
vously lights up another cigarette. “if it weren't
such a social thing." she says matter of factly.
"i probably wouldn‘t drink."

Director of Residence John Welty says that
he recognizes that there is a drinking problem
on campus. “Over the last five years." he says.

 

"there has definitely been an increase."

in a random survey conducted April '78.
Welty says that 94.7 percent of the students
indicated that 'they drank once every two
months. Of this 94.7 percent. H percent drink
once every two months. 7 percent drink every
rrrnnth. 25 percent drink 2 ll timesper month.
27 percent drink 5-8 times per month. and if)
percent drink 13 or rrrore times per month.

An eight hour drive from Casablanca. nestl-
ed in the legendary Atlas mountains. lies the
sleepy town 'of Teita Ketama-the nucleus of
the hash smuggling world. "El Barbarosa" was
there. but time has dimmed his once»vivid
memories. Time. and some of the best hashish
in the world.

An ethereal vision is conjured: Persian rugs
hapiy scattered on dusty. earthen floors; thick.
mud-bricked walls and arched entranceways
with wooden doors keep in the smoke so thick
.you can taste it; a crazyqullt of languages are

 

"spoken while overstuffed handcarved pipes

and long funnel—shaped cigarettes are ex-
changed. Three generations of family sit
around together. smoking and negotiating
with these international intruders. including
some of the biggest smugglers In Europe. But
"Barbarosa" is no smuggler: just a pleasure-
seeklng college student with a few weeks to kill
in Morocco.

Sue Gerber

Nonetheless. he is treated the same as the
others: before purchasing. he is aIIOWed to test
samples of the different varieties of the hash.
which is categorized from least potent (called
no.4 or no.5) to the prlmo quality: "numero
zerro." with the best. “zerro-zerro" being
reserved for a select few. "Barbarosa". amid
these heavily—accented polytokers. never
made it past no.2. He bought the smallest

 

 

  

a.

 

The major reason for excessive drinking. he
says. is peer pressure. "it's obvious." he ex-
plains. “that to be accepted in a group. drink»
ing is important." He also said that students
may feel the need to escape since this is a
competitive school.

in response to the apparent drinking pro~
blem. Welty recently instituted a new policy
limiting the use of alcohol in public areas of
university residence balls. The goal of this
policy was control of the “excessive consump-
tion" which appeared to be directly related to
the increases of vandalism on campus. Welty
said that the vandalism which has increased
over the last couple of years seemed to com-
monly occur after large parties.

Specifically. the guidelines set limits of 40
ounces of beer. 10 ounces of wine or three
ounces of liquor per person for group parties
held in group lounges.

While he does not believe the drinking
habits of students will be altered. he does hope
to stop the continued increase. "We're not out
to eliminate drinking," Welty explains. "we
hope to promote responsible consumption.
We also hope to make people think twice
about just how mtrch they are drinking."

Brian Carroll of Middle liarth said that if)
percent of the calls to their counseling center
is related to drugs or alcohol. He added that
the alcohol problem seems to be greater than
drugs. “People abuse alcohol much more than
pot." he said. "Alcohol is a big problem 'when
students don't perceive it to be a problem.
They ignore it. deny it and rationalize it."

The other difference between drugs and
alcohol. ire said. is that drugs turn a person in-
ward rather than outward. “They can get
violent or cause harm to themselves or others.
That's why we get more calls about alcohol."
he said.

Carroll also said that there is an increase of
alcohol abuse on campus. He thinks it is most~
ly due to stress ~ both personal and academic.
"Both test anxiety and personal relationship
problems can lead to excessive drinking." he
says. He tells the classic story of the girl whose
boyfriend breaks up .with her... After many
tears. sulking and dramatics. she heads to the
Rat to drown her sorrows. (only to be carried
home a few hours later by her friends).

  we v

 And Dru

   

 

 

 

You Better Watch Your Speed

amount they would sell (a quartervpound. ap-
proximately the size of the sole of his shoe).
paid his $35 and was gone (in this country. if
you could possibly match the quality. the price
would be roughly ten times that amount).
When the time came to board his plane home.
"Barbarosa" had hardly put a dent in his
chunk. and renitently gave the rest away. He
felt significantly less remorse. however. during
a thorough customs search by FBl agents at
the Boston Airport upon his return.

Also acquainted. to some extent. with the
underground drug world in Central and South
America. "El Barbarosa" feels that although
the quality is certainly superior abroad. things
are freer and more relaxed here in New York
State. Especially in Colombia. he recalled.
was the government strict - to the point of be-
ing abusive - about illegal drug trade and use.
Often people are nabbed off the streets and
thrown In jail. though only suspected of a
drug—related offense.

Without question. the most \videly'used
drug around here (excluding alcohol) is mari-
juana. According to students and non—
students who use or sell different drugs. LSD
(acid or just cid). amphetamines (speed or

.3 -

 

 

Thursday is a big night at the Rat. he says.
because people want to relax without going
very far. He estimates that 4-500 people are in
and out on a Thursday night. When they do
their inventory for the night. they usually find
that they have gone through 25ii»tit)t) bottles
of Molson's and about 15 kegs of other been.
He said it's hard to estimate how rntrclr liquor
they 90 through. but it's clear that vodka is thr-
number one choice.

"We also sell a lot of pitchers during the
afternoons." he says. "it's a cheap. convcliit'til
and fast way to get a good bu/z between
classes."

DUNYM rs not alone when it comes to hav
ing a drinking problem. Officials at the Na
tlonal institute of Alcohol Abuse and
Alcoholism report widespread alcohol abuse
across the nation's campuses. They also point
out a new drinking style. They say. "More kids
are drinking these days. they're doing It more
frequently and more often to the point of
drunkedrress."

Response to the drinking problem is coming
from all sectors. A number of states (Maine.
Massachusettes. Michigan) have recently rais-
ed thelr legal drinking age to 20; California
and Pennsylvania raised it to 21. Most Of the
northeast (NY. NJ, NH, RI. VT. and CT) is
also considering raising the drinking age in the
next two years. But don't worry - by the time
the legislators get around to doing so. we'll all
be of legal age anyway.

“We get a lot of callers who just can't take it

anymore." he says. "There are a lot of unhap»
py people around here."

"The only answer to the alcohol abuse pro-
blem is prevention." says Carroll. “There has
to be a place where people cart go so they
don't feel the need to escape through
alcohol."

John Cribbs of live Quad says that one
quarter to one third of their calls are alcohol
related. “None of the cases are that bad." he
says. "We get very few unconscious or Very ill
people."

HMostly." he explains. "the guy's roommate
panics because he doesn't know what to do.
He sees the guy throwing up all over the
place. and he gets scared. We kind of play
nursemald and put the guy to bed."

Cribbs says that they get most of their calls
on weekends and during high pressure times
of the year. “For example." he says. “at the
beginning of the semester a lot of freshmen
who are away from home for the first time get
smashed because they never drank much
before..." He also said that during mid-terms
and finals more people use alcohol to try to
relieve the pressure.

if a situation is really serious or if a student is
unconscious. Five Quad takes the person to
the Receiving Center in Albany.

Hem)! Cowen. who has been a bartender at
the Rathskeller for four semesters. says that
"it's amazing how much alcohol the Rat goes

 

 

through in a night." ' 1-.

ups). tranquilizers sedative-hypnotlcs (downs
or ludes) are the next most popular. depen-
ding on Individual preferences. Other drugs
are available. but aren't as widely-used for
various reasons. For example. cocaine (coke.
snow or biow).though probably the favorite
among all drugsusers. ls considered too ex-
pensive - usually costing $100 a gram.
(Depending on personal habits. a gram could
be consumed by one to eight people in a mat-
ter of minutes.) Also. with cocaine more than
with most other drugs. you can never be really
sure of the quality.

PCP and angel dust enjoyed vast popular-
ity for a while. but the recognition of its im-
mediate dangers and after effects contribute to
its rapid decline in acceptance. According to
Refer Switchboard Co-ordlnator Neil Klein.
only one in ten reported CXpL’l lences with PCP
are enjoyable. Another source specifically
warned to stay away from crystal l’Ci’
especially from prolonged use. Speaking
firsthand. he described not being able to con-
centrate and feeling very burnt-out.

Due to locale and climate. psiiocybin
(mushrooms) and mescallne (peyote) are hard
to come by and when found are usually ex~
pensive. These are organic hailucinogens that
grow wild in ltot climates. One strain of the
magic mushroom grows out of cow manure in
pastures. it's picked. then either eaten or.
more often. boiied.and the juices are drunk.
Mescaline grows in buttons on lllt’ pr-yote cacr
tus. mainly in Mexico and the southwestern
states. it is carefully picked. then slowly chew»
ed. it is rumored that the taste alone is so vile.
that many never get beyond the fit'sl swallow.
But those who do rarely report unsatisfactory
results in his Don Juan books. (Taiios
(‘rrstvnatla describes his irxpr'tivnr t'.‘-i .vtth
IiiL‘St‘ttfift). aided by the Indian mystic. lion
.irrarr. as being more than just a brief trip

Getting lriglr daily has becorrre a way of life
for many l’artly used to relieve the tensions of
everyday life. both on carrrpris and off. most
drugs (especially pot) are used for recreation,
for enhancement of ordinarily pleasurable
things before a concert. movie. party (or
anything). Another reason is that to rrrany. us
ing drugs has simply become a habit; a ritual;
the thing to do when friends stop by. “it's like
going campirrgi"suggested one off campus
junior.

Marijuana is. no doubt. readily available In
one survey conducted by it'lrrrfernoiselfc
magazine (Aug'78) one student commented
that "obtaining pot is easier than finding
change for the laundry". But it's still a lot more
expensive than laundry - with the average
price per ounce hovering around $40. it's

 

much cheaper to buy In larger quantities and
this fact has given rise to growing trend of
"small-time" dealers. (Some estimates are as
high as one per floor per dorm). These people
usually buy anywhere from one quarter to one
pound a week (costs ranging from $350 to
450 per pound. depending on quality). Then
it's bagged Into ounces. or smaller fractions.
Often they deal with a limited number of con-
nections (usually friends). A mutually-
agreeable arrangement. they get their pot free.
make some extra money and their friends get
drugs from people they trust. Most dealers
have one or two local connections. who get
theirs from Long island or NYC directly. or via
New Paltz. There seems to be little com»
munication among these people: no sense of
organization. just myriads of independent err
trepeneurs.

Tests and studies are continuously being
conducted to determine long term and more
immediate effects of marijuana smoking and
the results are often contradictory. But one
thing remains certain: pot has different effects
on diffvrent people.

One woman. a freshman from Westchester
cortnty. explains how she used drugs regularly
throughout high school. but developed a
strong paranoid reaction. She felt she was
always the object of cruel plots by her friends
to make fun of her. or to leave her out of their
plans. She was convinced that everyone hated
her The feeling was lltliiii‘rifiL'tl when she was
high Now she no longer smokes rrrarljtrana
(though or'tasionally uses other substances)
and no longer is bothered by those delusions

A SUNYA alumnus related that he never
got high before his second uerrrester freshmen
year He )1th had no tlilt'it'Hi ilut his grades
were poor first semester and when he returned
after Christmas vacation. having decided
things couldn't get any worse. he started get
ting high. llis grades Irrrpmvr'd; he graduated
wtth honors and is now in his second year of
law school in NY(.'

Acid (fr/utter. rerf rlrrigons. urinzlmvpurie)
still command a large market. especially
among deadheads Acid is a unique drug in
that If affects each individual so completely dif-
ferently that people who've used it often find it
hard to explain. even to each other. Many
people hailucinate. but plenty of others rarely
or never do. only being mildy affected sen-
sually Things visual objects as well as
abstract thoughts become distorted.
sometimes to the point where communication
between people. is rendered impossible
(sometimes. though. it's enhanced). Often.
there's a sense of electrification. a clear
understanding of some vague cosmic con-

sciousness: an esthetic vision. But just as
often. It’s only several hours of wirey confu-
sion: fear and apprehension.

Today LSD ls mass-produced. sometimes
even by chem. students here at SUNYA. But
it's not the stuff of the ‘60's. Owsley Acid and
Caitlomta Sunshine. But people continue to
pay $3-6 a hit for a night of tripping. To many
it's a spiritual ritual; to others. just another way
to get absorbed in a different plane of reality.

Speed is widely—used. especially around ex-
am time. Some college infirmlries actually
prescribe amphetamines to students for cram-
ming purposes. With speed. you never really
know what you're buying. Black beauties are
the most popular ups and in recent years
bootleg beauties have begun to appear on the
market in large quantities. One source confid-
ed that pinch of the commercial speed is just
diet pills. or even just caffeine pills! Speed's at-
tractiveness seems to be based on the
"endurance factor." commonly used for
“all-rriglrters" 7 especially cramming for tests
and last minute papers. but a lot of people still
do it because they enjoy the high, Long-term
use of the drrtg. however. is reported to be
very unhealthy - both physically and
psychologically resulting in pararrola of the
schi/oplrrenic nature. crnnic insomnia. and
otlwr debilitating ailments.

Downs are still extremely popular (notably
among the disco set) and at cording to
counselors at itelvr and at Middle ilarth are
llit' biggest drrrg problem they encounter.
especially when mixed with alcohol. For one
thing. .r tolerance is built up and it doesn't take
long before two quaaludes don't get you high
anymore. Another reason is that people just
don‘t realme lrow deadly a combination drink-
ing and downs can be. One source found out:
he fell asleep driving and woke up having
strianlu'd into a tree. But that didn't change his
feelings for the drug (just about drivrng). He
has a NYC connection supplying him with a
virtually unlimited flow of barbitrtates
(sucoiui.rl.~..etc.) and speed \\’llit'li he sells
('lii'rt’ to bill) a month.

The overall status of the drug scene at
Albany State draws a lot of dissenting votes.
Some feel the scene here is the same as
everywhere (just more expensive in NYC).
Many expressed the opinion that on the
average. it's below par - due. at least partly. to
the competitiveness and large percentage of
cgreeroriented students. One Colonial Quad
dealer thinks it's superior here. His friends
come from near and not-so-near schools to
buy their drugs from him. But “El Barbarosa"
summed it all up when he advised. "for the
best drugs. go to the source!" -

 

 

inside and cover
photos by
Mike Farrell

 

 

