 

 

 

ol.lr>utlllll1iilanvs-

 

..y....p,..- i¢1IQIIlll3¢r9Ilcil<

 

 

Bianca Sues Mick For Divorce

LOS ANGELES (AP) Bianca Jagger will ﬁle for divorce
today front rock superstar Mick Jagger. asking $10 million
for her share in community property and 513.400 a month in
support. her attorney said. “She is asking for half of the
community property. which is estimated at $20 million and
support for herself and the couple’s daughter. Jade —— she‘s 7

which would total 313.4001! month," said divorce attorney
Marvrri Mitchelson. Mitchelson has the day offfrom another
celebrated Hollwood community property ease -— that of
Michelle lriola Marvin against actor Lee Marvin. The
Mrirvrn case. in which Mitchelson represents Miss Marvin.
was in recess today while thejudge attended to other matters.
Mrs. Jagger. a Nicaraguan citizen who lives here. has been
married to the Rolling Stones lead singer for eight years.
lticy have one child. Mitchelson said she is currently in
London. Jagger has been living in Los Angelcs with model
chrry Hall. the attorney said. The singer was not available
tor immediate comment.

Pope Math'eit Buffalo.

 

BUFFALO (AP) The leader of western New York's Roman
Catholics has said he is “quite sure" Pope John ‘Paul II will
\isrt fiutlalo wittle on a proposed trip to the United States '
later this year. I'he pope has been incited to address the‘
United Nations iii New York City atan unspecified datc.utid
has beert sent two invitations from area politicirtns. In the
years before itts election to the papacy. Bishop and litter
Cardinal Karol Wojtyla of Krakow. Poland. twice visited the
[Buffalo area. which has one of the nation's largest.
concentrations of Polish Catholics. “I havcevery intention of .

 

 

3"”ldzgnew“

........,.-.u.ia.u..a--n

   

c ».....g..~-.'e-vv

riefs

s,

having the Holy Father come here when he comes to the
U.N..“ Bishop Edward D. Head of the Buffalo Diocese said
Saturday. “I have no idea when he is coming. but when We
lrnd out I‘ll cue in with (New York‘s Terence) Cardinal
Cooke to fit our invitation in with the schedule he will be
making up tor the New York Archdiocese." Head said. Pope
.loliit Paul II hits been sent separate invitations to visit
itutfalo by Rep. Henry J. NOWak. the city‘s Democratic
congressman. and Republican Erie County Executive
lzdward J. Rutkowski. Head said he would not issue his own
imitation until tlte date of the U.N. visit is known.

Portage Prices Stable

/

WASHINGTON (AP) The cost of mailinrz a letter probably
won‘t rise for two years. unless inﬂation plays havoc with the |
Postal Servree budget. the postmaster general says. William
f-. liolger. head of the US. Mail. say the Postal Service's
finances are in good shape now and that no rate increases
appear to be needed until the spring of l98|. Itut there is a
string attached inflation. Most of the cost of handling mail
is in salaries Ior workers. who get automatic cost-of-living
pay increases tied to the inﬂation rate. For this reason. high
inflation pushes up‘ Postal Service expenses and.
consequently. postal rates. “Inflation is giving us the same
problem that everyone else has. but I still think we can have
the surplus because the volume of mail continues to go up."
liolgcr said. When Congress voted in I970 toabolish tltc Post
Utlrce Department and establish the Postal Service in its
place. one of the major goals was a mail system that would
break even lrriaricially. The new agency was organized like a
private corporation in the hope that “business-like"
management could make it work more efficiently than its
politics-laden predecessor. The last increase in the cost of
mailing a first class letter r from l3 cctrts to I5 ccnlsrr came
stay 2‘). t orrcsponding increases were also posted for other
types of mail.

 

Boy Plunges Seven Stories

NEW YORK (AP) A 4‘year—old Brooklyn boy severely
named in a seven-story fall. apparently while playing
Superman." last Friday was listed in fair condition Monday.
lite boy. Charles Green had plunged from the apartment ofa
cousin and was rushed by firemen to a hospital. The firemen
had been at the scene to check an incinerator. They took the
boy to Urookdalc Hospital and he later was transfered to
Kings County Hospital. A fireman quoted the boy's mother
as saying that Charles had been “ﬂying” through the house
ever since his father had taken him to see the movie.
“Superman”. Firemen and neighbors saw Charles hanging
by his fingertips from the ledge ofthcapnrtmcnt window and
frantically called for him to gt back inside. They rushed to the
apartment to pull him inside. but too late.

Soviets: Beer Yes, Vodka Nyet

WILDEH. Idaho (Al’) The Soviet Urtioti. best known in
dtiirkrtig circles for vodka consumption. is suddenly
trrrporttttg enough Anterican hops to make more titan a
billion gallons of beer a year. The chairman of Idaho Ilops
Lomiiiission. thy Obetidorf. said Sunday that the Soviet
piiic Itiises have ttirncd the hops-farming indiisty around. He
said Itc doesn‘t know why hops are suddenly popular in the
.S.S.I(.. hut authorities tlterc have been campaigning
rcccrtllyltu' a swrtcli from vodka to beerand wine. apparently
i an attempt to combat drunkenness. Posters in Moscow
hate depicted vodka drinkers lying in gutters wltilc
portraying write rind beer drinkers as wise sophisticates. 'l'hc
oll icral piess has called for efforts to improve Russian beer.
wtitclt is considered inferior cvcrt totltat ofliustcrn Europe.

 

 

 

J

 

 

F
‘The Greatest' Sell: Out

It you were one of the more than 2600 people who saw
Muhammad Ali last Tuesday night. then you helped
contribute to what turned out to be one of Speakers Forum's
most successtul engagements. The group. which is solely
icspoiisilile for bringing Ali to SUNYA. still came out in
tire red lirtanctally. I'ickct sales brought in about $9000. while
rhct hrimp's Ice was 5! 1.000. Iiut. according to Roberta
/.arhan. tltc group‘s president. the aim of Speakers Forum is
not to make money. but to bring interesting speakers to the
campus. And 52500 is a small amount to lose for having the
most recogni/cd person in the world right here in our gym.

thank you Speakers l-‘orum. When do Jimmy Critter tickets
.go oii sale!

— Jay Glssen

“Oh Canada...”

Ilad‘cnough of SUNYA for a while'! Well SUNY tit
f'lrntsburg is ottcrrrtg a study abroad program in Canada for
thc trill scrriestcr.

Programs at Montreal‘s McGilland Concordia Uitiversity
arid Ottawa‘s Carlton University will be offered in English.

In contrast. the Quebec City program at L'Uriivcrsite
l.a\rtl is designed lorsttrdcnts wishing to immerse themselves
totally in l‘iitlllill latiguagc aritf culture. The Laval program
will lllstt otter a I5 hourirttettsive langtragc program for those
sltltlctlls qui rrc ptirlc pas I‘rancais.

[\ll credits earned through the Canadian program will be
translei‘ablc to the student's ltomc campus.

All interested sophomores. juniors. and seniors in good
academic standing are urged to look into the program.

 

 

Irritiorr. ioortt. and board rates for the semester arc

csiriiiatcd to run between $l.400 and $l.5()0. All students -

accepted to the program will be able to maintain their
Irririnciril aid eligibility.

\toie inloriiration and applications can be obtained at the
St \i /\ ()llrce of international Education or by writingto:
Study in Canada Programs
t cittcr tor the Study of Canada it» |55
State University of New York
l’tattsburg. New York I290!

[(5ll'i) 564-2lllifil
— Robin Goldberg

Stony Brook Pot Shots

Next time you're at the bus stop complaining about the
wart and the cold imagirtc having to worry about sortie fool
taking pot shoots at you.

Well. that‘s what Iiappcncd to I5 SlJNY at Stony ltrook
students recently as they were waiting fora bits. Althotigli no
one was reported injured by the shots fiied. a few
passengers were liit by chips of glass flying froin a wtndow
shattered by the pelctrr.

At prcscrtt. it is not known wlicretlte shots were fired front

or wltat type of gun was used. Iiccause tltc pclcts did not go
iltrotigh the glass window. it is suspected that the shots cantc
iroiii a high powered pelet gun at most.

lhrs was not the first shooting incident reported at SUNY
Stony lir'ook. =,.ck in'Novcrnber of I977. shots from ti .22
caliber grin were fired at two dormitory windows.

Sec-tit ity otiicials at Stony Ilrook say that the bits shooting
incident could carry with with a lst degree iritlictrtrcitt of
[(cckicss |.ridringerriictrt. punishable by ti 3 to 7 year prison
\CIIlUIIL‘L’ and a riiariirrnunt litre of $lt).tli)()

— Robin Goldberg

l be new i;nglish Advisement office. started last semester.
has punch to be a good policy according to English Dept.
Undergraduate Director William Duntbletott.

" the advtsemcnt office. which handles the paperwork and
t‘outrne iitiormation on registration and requirements is
dclrtrrtely an trrrprovcment over the old system ofindividual
lrictilty trdvtsors for students. said Dttnibletoit. “The main
reason for the change was to serve the students more
etlectiicly. lhcrc was it need for an office at regular hour's
where students could get immediate answers."

" l he prolessors are pleased as ptinclt overtliis new policy"
says l'roicssor George Hastings. "because this office itow
handles .rill the paperwork rind advisement becomes less
but densomc. Although. sortie students may see this policy as
lllll)t.'i.\tlllili. others feel that it allows for quicker handling of
paperwork and frees professors to talk to their students on
more long ratigc ntrittcr's." adds IIttstingsIMorcover Hastings
has round that most students didn‘t want personal advice.
but just wanted to get tlrrotrglr the paperwork.

— Laura l“l()l‘lt‘lllill0

Goldman 0n Shakespeare

What. light on yonder window breaks?

It is it talk on Shakespeare. and SUNYA professor
ltrclraid (ioldmart. is. so to speak. tltc sun.

(in today. l-eb. 9. (ioldntatt will be speaking at the
\Ihriiiy Public Library: the subject. of course. is the bard
Iirriiscll.

Ilie library is located til 16] Washington Aveiitrc rind the
pi ogram is scheduled to begin at l22|5 iii the afternoon.

it] addition to boning tip tirt Shakespeare. all those
rilleridtiig are invited to join the friends of the library for a
t‘til) of ciillcc.

- Robin Goldberg

 

 

PAGE 'rWo

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

C sunya news briefs» ._J

FEBRUARY 6. I979

... “an...

m

“Pleased As Punch "Over Policy

 

 

 

 

sync-ammo

 

 

 

Inflation, Minimum Wage
Blamed For Rat Prices Hike

‘ by Evelyn Ellis
Inflation has struck SUNYA as
price increases on food and liquor til
the Ratskellcr have taken effect. The
Increase mandated by the UAS
liorird of Directors. sapparentlythe
result ol rising toodartd luborcosts.
flic- rrtllrited costs at the Rat have
been blamed on the state of the
national economy. Rat manager
l’riirl[\ioolrlsrudrhrrt“thcirich' "
dtie to the higher wholesale price.
Ilc .Ilsit said that [lie rise in the
iiiitirriitrm wage ‘trom $2.65 to $2.90

 

 

 

per hour also litrd ri htrgc bearing on
llrc decision to pass lltc rticr‘ctlsc tilt
to the corrsitrriers at SUNYA.

\r iiotd sltllctl that "the ltrii itseli‘had
nothingtortowiththciiicrerisc;llAS
iir.rilc thc decision and we enforced
ll.

Sonic \ltltlcltls. however. feel that
pcihrips the new system of using
llltJrll c'tirtls til the Rat had sortie
trilluericc on the stidderi inflation.
titrc slittlctrl stated that “since more
people \\ll| tiow he going to the Rat
to use their meal cards. this was the
right time tor them to raise their
pr lLL's so they will be ntakinga larger
piotrt.‘ llre iiirutiigcriicnt ofthc- Rat.
irowctct. detircd this charge.

\ltliotigh the price increase ttiok
cllccr at the beginning of the
semester. many students as well as
more employees of the Rat are
unaware til the change irt costs. One
Kat employee stated “I just make the
iood here. i don‘t eat ittmd therefore
was not aware of the price
ltotercncc." A cashier reported that

%_was not sure of ihe increase
ause over the month vacation she
had forgotten the original prices.

' Overall. there seems to be some
confusion on just how much the
prices did increase; the exact price
increase on each item was not
rclc d. Iit general. the price
increases are as follows: most subs
went rip Itirr each. sandwiches and
grilled foods ruse S-Ilic. all drinks at
the but increased 5c. arid a pitcher of
i-cci climbed from Sltlilto $2.25. Air
cniploycc reported that the cost of
|)l//‘il did not increase because some
ot the Rat ctiiployees were instructed
to use lcwcr ingredients on the
ill/IRIS. Some complaints by Rat
customers liiric been received by
workers regarding the fact that the
pimrs rcc'ctrll) have rtrrt tasted tltc
sonic llrc employee also sltilctl that
the litslc iltllctencc is probably due
to thc Icwcr ingredients used.

 

Studciit reactions to the new
pi iccs hate ranged lrotn
i‘\.lspr.'l noon and surprise. "First our
tuition goes tip and tliert otrr food!"
suited one Rat patron. Others were
unaware that the food they were
eating had risen irt price. Many said
that they were displeased bttt that
"cieiythriig these days scctrts to he
going up.”

One Rot employee sriidshcfeltthe
increase is unwarranted. while
another. Mathew Rome. said. "I cart
rmdcistririd tlicrncrer c thct'chasn‘t
tic-en one .rt the Rat for over two
ycrirs.’ likewise. another customer

 

New Green ' Machines

by Loraine Liberatore

lwo iiew SUNYA buses. costing
rtp|irii.\llll:tlc|_v 3.4.1.000 each. have
hecrr purchased and will be in service
It) tlicctitl ol tic-.\l \vcck.tici:ordingto
\lotoi l'ool Dispatcher / r't liurt.
llic l)l|\t.‘S will replace two older
\lrllltlilltl trrtiisnnssion buses llil\\' itr
rise winch will he i‘cpl in reserve

lintt said the new diesel busts.
which are identical to moch
purchased lust yetit‘. trr’ccllrcicrrt and
ccoriorittcnl. although they require a
larger ltrirrriiit lllcil. lhcy also may
trL’lIlL‘ problems for handicapped
students. he added.

According to SUNYA
students. the cntrtrricctvtiy on these
buses have bccti inconvenient for
handicapped students. It isdillicuit.
L'spc‘tlrllit Ior those on crutches or
[until persons. to board the brisesdtie

narrow. ct‘ctilrrr'

some

to .tfl c\trcmch

rioiit loading dock. lliis has not

  

Married students are seeking speeliil housing iirriiirgi-riir-rits with t
()i't ( anipirs Housing iuril ()ff (‘iimpus Association.

FEBRUARY 6. I979 '

 

caused it major problem. according
to bits tllI\L‘l' l‘l'tltl linettner.

'I hate not had many
handicapped people on the bus. and
those rew who hate ridden ltiive had
.iiuirrorri dirricuriy. i even had one
pc‘lutll on fire bus with it seeing eye
dog. rind only the dog had a slight
problem getting oll.". Ilocttncr'saitl.

llic purchase of the diesel buses
llils been L'IIIICI/L‘tl last year by
\Ittiiiiir ()iiarl icsidctrts. Ilrc buses.
wtritli .rrc b-lll lccl longer titan the
com models currently used. were
unable to ricgotiriic the turn :it the
roiiici ol \\ashrngton Ave and
iint.rrro Street «hiring tltc evening
hours, llrc btrscs could not nirikcthc
stop at l'icrce Iltill.
year its a snlcty

scheduled
irrstittttcil Irrst
tllt‘:lslllt.' loi students.

ltrirt Nilltl that most bus drivers
\t'L‘lllL'll to lliI\C riilittstcd to the
torich length and are pleased with

(Photo: I'rI'S)

 

 

lie iiltl of

 

.. -,_._. ---.. ..--....-.... ..- st

' lg trout.- m. .1

- o to mom m. car. a. "to:

littl:"iiiii has blown up the cosf of'itnies In the Ratltskeller l’tib. forcing the UAS Board of Directors to raise

  
   

prices on such items as liquor and food. (I'Iioto: Jeff Scliitecbaum)

replied "the Rat's prices have always
occu lower than other bars so I really
don't mind the hike."

So lift. the Rat has not been
bombarded by many cotnplairtts.
.\iiio|d said the Rat employees
llsllflil) pass customer complaints on
to the riitiiuigcmertt. and on the price
increase issuc so far tltcre have been

no lccdhrick.

Purcbaced

the handling.

"llic only complaint I would
time." said lioctnncr. "is that the
motor makes too much noise and it
is awkward in front." Ilut ltocttncr'
also said. "I've bcctr a bus driver for
23 years and I like driving the diesel
very much. llic snub nose makes for
bettcrcontt ol. better jirilgciiicrit.tirtrl
llt'llL‘l \istbtlity."

"llrc drcscl hiiscs are very
cllicrciit." stated litrrt. "lhcy gel
llt'lit'l gas mrlrige. ll miles per
gallon. compared to 4-5 miles per
gallon on gris-luclcd models. Also
the trout and rear loading docks

continued on page lttc

 

by Michele Israel

llctcctrtc .Iolirt llayner.

lirit were riot apprehended.

riiiscliicl.

 

llnyricr stud the criirte occurred between ll'.l() p.m. and I2'.I5 ti.m.
t iidny. itlter the area had been patrolled tit lI200. _ ,
t wenty to thirty tnintllew after the incident. n'pntrol car spottedtwo

lelllc males near Dutch Quad. said llayner. They ritn into the woods i
near the t Iiapel House and were chased by the police for 43 minutes

I l\L' (Jiind Safety Officer. Lou Rosciithril. said the windshield was
smashed. the lCill’\'lL'\V mirror was bent and broken. itnd dents were left
. .iii the sides ol the van. Ilayrtcry/said this wtrs ii felony 'of criminal

t I|I\L'l\f|_\ Police say they are looking for a witness. but so far the
only L‘\|tlL‘l|Lt' is the damage to the ambulance itself.

ll\L‘ t)ii.trl Director of Operations David Chrifct/ said that the
oignrii/tiiioii has been searching for a permanent lioiitc. ()ne of the
pi irpiisiils is to t.‘l care on anihulrincc shelter to protect the vclticles from
itllltlilihlli as well its for weather conditions.

ll.r_\ llt'l L'\|li1llllt.‘ti that other minor instances involving ambulances
.rrric occurred due to lack of protection.

f _
Vandals Smash Windshield
Of Five Quad Ambulance

l'|\L‘ Quad‘s new ambulance was vandalized Friday night. costing
ilrc organi/ritioii approximately $300 in repairs. according to

 

g

Married Student Housing Studied

by Kathy Kupko

\\ hen you think of college
IL'NItlL'lltL'S you think ol tirirlttslor'ieil
buildings housing hundreds ltl
multiples ol two. Not what you'd crtll
Iiomc. bill it stilliccs: a lied. closet.
desk and liiitenii. What more coirld
you need! A lot. Il you‘re a married
\llltiUlll.

 Neatlééciii"

Slr.\\ A in the prtsl has lttrd very
little to ollcr mrlrvrdirals whoreqiiire
irioic than at toorii in one of the
‘ dormitories. l-ntil recently the only
.tsSlSltlIlt‘C Ior these individuals who
require special Iioiismgar'rrrngcnicrrts
lids been in the torrii of referrals Ironi
lilt' olliccs ol t)ll (‘rimpiis Housing
and tilt (ariipus Association.

.\ctl lhown. “cult of Student
Alliiirs is hoping to change itil this.
there is it recognized unmet need for
housing for student families and in
collaboration with the office of

ALBANY S'rtrnaN'r‘rrt'iiiss ‘

 

Residences. ti wide range of
solutions are being explored.

l’ossililc riltcrniilivcs include the
l‘ll|\L‘I.\|l_\ cithcr constructing its
own apartment hitildirtg. leasing art
cxlsltltg structure. or making
arrangements with an individual
contractor at prices they coitld
allord.

As is typically the case however.
room) is a chiet concern. Ilie
liiissliiit.‘ solutions would require it
great deal of lands whichcoitltl not be
iccoicied by charging the usual hiin
iciiis.

Ilrc i‘lit\L'lhll\ wants to provide
.tpnllliit‘tils but not an apartment
Iillt't‘h. in this ~.car'c;li. a tangible
siiillllttll is in the not too distant
lutitie. lot the renovation of thc
ixL‘llltltilL' Hotel. on N. Pearl Street.
lotti blocks lrorir State Street. is now
being considered for housing
rum r red students. liconomically.it is
probably the most prrictictil
sitlttltolr. Ilris type of approach was

c-rrrployed when SUNYA students

 

‘tlllllllllilllcc

were lost housed in the Wellington
Ilorel. Situated ill the business
district. the Wellington has proved
to he -I bery 'positivc' experience.

\\rthm walking distance of the
l iiipirc Stale l'hi/a and the Capitol.
the lxciiriiore is located where
ciriployiricot and internship
possibilities are concentrated. In
addition. the renovation of the
|\L'Illtlttlt' llotc-l would he in
with the city‘s
ic'iitrih/rittorr project.

llotil the ccortntllit: aspects of the
bciitrtotc project can be arranged.
little else coir he done. As to wliorii
\\lli be ottcrcil the housing rind ltow
the selections will he ntade.thoseare
matters that will be dealt with Ititcr.
lliough most students would prefer

'.rii apartment to residence halls.

stitilciil bundles are the main
concern. and that situation is riiore
|ilctlttllllltillll in the graduate
division. llopet'ully. Student Family
Iltiltxlllg will appear iii the housing
brochures iif l‘ttii l9ll0. - '

r-Ada THREE

 

