“me will be titties when you ltatc It.
llic loll trntn nigltt alteI night ol sleeping
on trains or iii oyetctowdcd hostels tyill
begin to tell on yntiI ltealtlt and yotn
disposition. Allcl'ltltll days ol notliitigto
eat but btead atid eheesc sandwiches with
maybe a little tomato thrown iti lot
variety you'll start seeing llig Macs betore
your eyes when nothing‘s tlterc.

M. J. Memmott

l'he cities will start to look alike. both
the laces that stream by and lltc bttildiitgs
that crowd together on the narrow.
winding streets. Your mind will conl'tise
Munich with Zurich. which looks like
Brussels. which is similar to Amsterdam.
which reminds you of (.‘openhageii.
which britigs to mind 

llut it‘s worth it beeattse ol wltat you‘ll
see and experience. lhere's lunch in a
park beside the lailtel lower. dittiiet at a
restaurant right on the (Stand ('anal in
Vetuce. And you'll neter get tiIIotheI
chance to see that hole blond l‘I‘L'IIL'lt boy
with his lace so cute and determined. as
he cat'tics a tlo/cn loaycs ol hiead \\lltt'll
.Iic longei than be Is tall

 

Yoti'le lhcte. yott‘ic tittltll! Il. You're
ti.I\ellIng Ill lttrope lot the \llllllllt'l o
.1,”

ll \ott'it' going to I lltttlll' this *tllllllllt'l.
.Ind platInIIIi' to Hotel .I‘. most students
do ttlicaplyi. lllt'lt' .tlt‘ probably a
lItiIidIctl tililt‘lt‘lll things you hate to take
talc ol licloIc t.'\t‘l walktng down the
tatin to your waiting 7~l7 at Kennedy
AIIpoII. llusatttclcdoesn'tcyenptetentl
lttllslitiltlllllClll.l)lllll\lttlllitlgncytlltlll
least an Id at nl what to do.

l’ei'haps Ille most obvious necessity loi'
travel in lzurope is a passport. It you

don‘t hate otie already. take can: ol it
now. because it takes a lc\\ weeks lot the
goyeiIInIent to get all the papeiwork
dottc

.\ passpott application can be picked
tip at IlIc llioadway post olliec ItI Albany.

attd tltey eycn lIa\e a special window set
up lot It. lltey will tell you inst how many
picttttes you‘ll need and what si/c. ll
yon'te worried about caiiyiug a passpott
with a photo that makes you look a little
less beanttltil than you really are. don't
be. lhe people who'll be checking it wltcti
you cross borders don't Ieally care how
gootl Ihc ptcltne is. just that it‘s ol yott.

llic nc.\t things to considerate where
you want to go. now you wattt to get
there. how long you waiit to spend. and
how you want to get arottnd once you‘re
there. It may seem like these plans can be
considered separately. btit you'll find tltat
since the" all cost quit ' a bit ol money.
lliey have to be platitied together.

[low you get to l‘ttropc and where
you‘re going to go obyiously alleet each
other. You hate to pick iust which city
you‘d like to Ily‘ into. which means that‘s
where yottr trayelling will start.
(lrayclling to liltl'ttpL‘ by sea ltas beett
ruled out lor tlte purpose ol this article
because ol the cost)

Most students l'ly' ittto London to start
their travels. and lakct Skyti'ain has
pt'oycd to be onc ol the latot'ilc ways ol
doing it. l‘or iust abottt $250 Ioundttip
you can get lltete not] back. bitt there's Ito
tesetyaitons and no tancy Iiills otiee
you'te on IlIc plane. I he niaiot draw back
to laket's llIglIts last sIIntItIct tyas IlIc
loin or liye day wail toget a ticket lorthe
llight hack lttIlllt‘.

llte watt didn't mean people bad to
stand on line 1-1 boots .I day. llll\\t‘\t'|
lltose who wt‘tc III that situation last \t'ill
t)ll‘.tll|/t'ti tlIctItscltes Into .I little \lliil'l't'
tailed l.Il.ettI||e..ItId tltty act tIp.I ‘-\\lt'll|
wlIetelIy the: tool. tutti» ‘.l.llltilll_l' on illlt‘
t ll.lllt't's .tll' the -..ItIIt lilllll' will happen
again iilt‘v suit
the llll'lll to l ttlltlttll titt‘atts IlI.il lltllt’ll to
you. lllt' \latiattt lll.l\ lie yotII best bet.

Illl' biggest
people Ilying to and liont l.oIIdon last

-o it saying 500 iii so tlll

hassle ctIcouIItt-ted by

. yeai was the standby lhgltt. None ol the

tnaioi airlines wete piepaied tor the gieat
numbers at mostly Ameiiean students
who came looking tor ti stand-by ticket

hotiie. _

The scene at (iatwick Airport Ulllﬁldc
London was a madhouse. l’eople ltad to
wait four or lite days lot it lleUL “"(l
unlike the laker operation. there was no
convenient system whereh)‘ “WY mum
leave tlte litic lor tnost ol' the day. Once
you were there. yott stayed or “N 50‘”
place it you‘re considering going stand-
by. you migltt want to consider again.
lhc cost is usually the satn - as that ol the
lakct lltghts.

Perhaps the easiest way lor studctth I“
II\ titer and back is what theairlincs relcr
to as the “budch llight." last year Mr
$100 Ionodtrip. Ilte bttdgel llight ollered
etetything the normal second-Class
passench expects. the ntily catch being
the loss ot spontaneity. llte btidgcl llights
reunited you In notin the aiilinc at least
Jtl days bclotc the day you would like to
tlcpatt lboth conung and going). and the
airline would pick a day that week when
you would lly.

llte airline would tell you yotir c.\act
llight numbet and day nl departure
within It) days ot the date yoti had
requested. It may sottnd hit 'a hassle. bttt
assurance ol haying a reserycd seat botlt
coming and going was worth both the
hassle and an extra $50 for many
sttidents.

’l ltis year sotn 'tiirlines have reduced or
eliminated the requirement that you give
them 30 day Iiotilieatiott. Any travel
agent would be able to tell yott abotit IlIc
various plans:

But when considering how to get to
liui‘ope. yott shouldn ‘I just set your sights
on llyiog itito London. You may b - able
to save C\L‘lt more Ilian on a lakct' flight
by flying to sontcwhere like Amsterdam
or L'opettltttgclt.

For a short tinte last year. ’an Am
oll'ct'ed lliglits from Boston to
Amstet‘datti at the tmltcaI'd-ol' price ol
$|99 roItodtIip. IlIc response was large
enough that this year tnotc airlines ate
ollering reduced rates to \ai'ious cities on
the l’ttropeati continent. lhese plans
Itsttally apply only to students or those
tttider 1(I yeais ol age.aitd once agaitt yott
should check witlt a II'atel agent togctall
tlte spccilies.

.>\ltet you'tc picked where yott‘te going
to land. the time comes to consider inst
how long you're going to stay. wlIcIe
\ott'tc going to go. and how.

ltit'yclnig .tIouIId Itnope Is lot those
who .II. III the ptopet shape lIoIlI
tiirntallx .ttltl phtstcally

ll|'\\|'\t‘t. tl t‘tttlltl lie
-I I'H'vll \\tt\ to WI" tlIt' t'tllllllH .tttd tlte
people up close

llttt‘hluktng is anothet In ltIIopt~
httt’lttng Is chIetally at't'eptcd asa patt ol
lilc. llIe kind at eiicottutets “till the
natites that can he had aie countless.

.t delIIIitt nIItItIt :Iy

lltt\\t'\‘t‘t‘, the same dangers that at’e'

associated with hitching III the States
apply tlterc.

How "It"

Women are definitely taking a chum-L-
it they plan to hitch. either alone or with
another woman. A man and a woman
together are both reasonably sale and a
good bet to get picked up. 'l'wo then are
safe. but less likely to get a ride.

Hitching can probably be used tlttilt‘
effectively as an alternate method ol
travel it' you want to get somewhere the
trains don‘t run to. But iIi Europe it scents
like the trains go everywhere. and they "It-
probably the best in the world.

Once you have planned how to go. Ittltl itlitII
. . t \
nuntber -— Notre.l)ame. \t-tttt'e.;tttil Illt b\\|\

lhcy a r ' a marvel ol'elt'iciencyutt least
iii tlte northern countries. When Ihct'lotk
on the station wall strikes llztlvl, you can
bet the l2:(l4 will slan pulling ottt lhen.
alter ltundrcds ol Iniles and maybe hall
a dorm stops. that saute train “I” diop
Wu oil at your station the exact ntoturnl
Iltc sclietlttle says it will.

l~scept loi' Spain. Italy. and (new
the trains aIc usually clean. comtoitaltlt
attd air-eonditioned. .\nd t'\t't\\\llt I‘-
Ilti'y Itt’c lttll iIl lcllow tt.t\c|ets |II.||I‘« v'l
Ilictu .'\Illt‘l|t‘1tlls

ido it now.

The other type of rail pass can only be
bought in Ettrope. and it‘s called lntcr-
\.’ rail. The major drawback of Inter-rail is

. Vj- that witltin whichever country you btty'it.

There are two forms of rail passes
available to tile travelling student. antl il‘
you‘re serious aboitt seeing a number of
countries in a short little you‘ll definitely
wattt to invest itt one of them.

The Eurail pass eatt be bought only in
Ameri'a arid the second class card is
available in botlt one and two. Inotttlt
forms. The lirst class card costs almost
twice as much. aItd the difference
between first attd second class seats on a
European train isn't great enough to

o s I I ' '

' you still have to pay half fare to travel on
_ the trains. Everywhere else you call ttse
‘ the pass just as you would the Etirail. lt‘
‘ you plan on getting an Inter-rail pass. buy

it ill a country you don't plan on
travelling in very much.

The major advantage of litter-rail.
though. is that it is valid ill the British
Isles. So if you want to see a lot of
England and Ireland as' well as the
cotttinenl. litter-rail should be your
cltoiee.

'l'he trains will be more to yott thanjttst
a means oftransportation. You'll sleep iii
them. eat lit thetn. meet hundreds of
different people in them. They will
become as important and meaningful a
part of your trip as the Coliseum or Big
Ben.

The key to how long you trayel itt
[Europe will be which rail plan _\tItI
choose. attd which time length. Once the
pass runs ottt. so does the “free” traycl it
allows you. (‘onstder carefully ittst ltow
long you want to stay atid how mticli yott
want to see. and go lrnm there.

Unless you're \cry tIcI‘\oIIs. or yottr
parettts are bttgging you abottt settittg
down a schedule for yourscll.dno‘l try to
map out yotII iottrney too specilically
belore you go l’laecs like l.ondon. 'aris.
and Route are a must. lint the beauty ol a

. rail pass ts tlte lreedom it allows yott.

ll IlIc weatheI 's bad iii Munich. liopoit
.a night IIaiII to Venice. Maybe \'ientia
.won't really tittptess you. so last get ona
ttatn to (iettc\n. lo Ieally entoy seeing
.lzttropc. you don‘t need a tune—table to

weigh you down. l'ick ottt a lew places
that you delinitcly want to see. attd once
yott get Iliete httiltl ontI ttip atotttid

, them. l‘llll don‘t c'.\pect to see e\etythtng.
‘ .

y

if;

I tttke along. the sights are infinite in
lps are amongst tlIem.( Photos: John

“mm. M. .I. ll Vlllllltlll)
' ‘ warrant the extra expense.

At $260. the two-month pass is
probably a better buy. It ttlltIWs yott to
ll‘lltL'l anywhere on the continent. usually
without a reservation. lti addition. such
things as the boat ride betwectt Italy and
(irceec. \‘ariotis city subway sy stetus
throughout |€ttropc. and a whole \aI'iety
ol extras itt Switzerland are included. A
l‘tltilll pass cati be purchased ltom any
ttatel agent. but it takes a lew weeks to
and you hate to hate yotn
tiatsspoit lirst. so It yott ate itttt'tcstctl
. ‘ M  i

get one

because it you do you'll inst end up
I’rttstt'ated. lhcrc‘s only so much time
(and money) to lit eycrything in.

The ne.\t‘ thing to consider is what to

take with yoti. llIc lirst. and possibly
most important. ntentber ol this category
is your backpack. Suitcases are totally
imin‘actieal lor train and hostel
travelling. so eliminate theIII right away.
It's yottI pack that you‘ll lite out at eyeiy
d ‘.
It you don‘t ltaye tlllt.’ already. make
sure you go toa rcptttnble sporting-goods
or camping store. It‘s also best to take
along a lricntl who knows something
about packs.

'l he lirst Itile about what kind ol pack
to get lor your summer ol’ trayelling. is
not to get one with an cxtetttal lramc. An
internal Iratne is much stt'ongeI. aIId
doesn't take tip as much room. Ihc last
thing you need is to get oll the platte in
London atid litid your frame snapped by
the weight ol the other baggage on top ol
it. And you‘ll lind the tiiore eottipact

internal-frame pack easier to swing intoa
train‘s luggage rack.

The second rule is to make sure the
pack is the right size  both for your
needs and your body. ’acks come iIi
different SlIL‘S.jllSl like shirts. Ending up
with the wrong sire cottld force you to
leave that extra sweater behind. or turn
you into the Hunchback ot‘ Notre Dame.

'l'hc pack‘s weight when it‘s fully

loaded should becomfortablydistributed
between your shoulders ttnd your hips.
Comfort is a relative term. At first. yottr
whole body will let you know just how
touch it appreciates the added weight by
reacting with a variety ol~ aches attd
pains. .
Once you‘ve got your pack. it‘ time to
decide what to pill in it. VIII and
foremost come “The Books.“ These are
your lliblcs for the trip. tlte books written
by tltosc who'te been tlterc bel'ore. 'l'hcy'
can tell you where local. sleep.drink.and
eatclt a good play.

The best of these is [rift (in [Sum/1c.
which is w ritten atitl prodttced eyery year
by students l'rnm Ilat'tard. l'he book
gites yott a general run down on each
country. incltidiug sttch information as
its best lootls. its monelaiy system. wltat
languages are spokctt there. attd how
stringent then drug laws are.

lhen. within each country 's section in
the book. they break doth further to
outline llte titaior eitics ot pi'otittees ol
that eottntty. A list ol tlte cheapest and
best places to eat and sleep in each city is
Included. It's almost a Illtl‘l when yott‘te
aiming In a lot'eign city knowing
absolutely Ito one and speaking a
dillctettt lllttgllttgt'. Small city maps ate
ctcn IiIelIIded.

IlIc ollIcI book \\ll|L‘ll nughl pt'oye
IIscltIl is ﬁll! l /)IIl. written by .‘\Illllll
l'IoInIIIeI and l‘.ls bttbbly wile. Aimed
more at tIIiddlc-aged It:t\t‘llt'ts.$ltlissttll
bettet than [HR (in when cyalttating
wIIcIe to eat.

Do not. however. l‘IL‘lit:\C eyel'y‘tltittg
"Ihc llooks" ltaye to say. ()ccasionally
they will send you on a wild goose chase
to the “world‘s best hostel." which turns
out to be a Ioaeli—iitlestcd sweatbos with
on rtinnittg water.

.lttst as important as “ l he llooks."bttt
something that you‘ll w'ar rather tltati
early in your pack is some kind of a
money belt. Ameri 'an passports are a

highly marketable item for thieves in
Europe, and if you lose your'rail pass
you‘re really stuck because they can‘t be
replaced without shelling out for them all
over. Since your pack is much too easyto
steal, it‘s out of the question asa hiding
place. You need a place to safely keep
tltem on your person at all times.

The best kind of money belt to use can
be bought at any men's store. The pouch
is about ten inches long. and thick
enough to hold your passport. rail pass
and other valuables. It lies around your
waist with a long cord. and is worn
underneath your clothes. Uncomfortable
at first. it soon becomesjust another part
of your wardrobe. Once you realize how
important protecting your valuables is,
you‘ll appreciate it.

Two more things you'll want to keep in
your money belt rather than your pack
are an International Student
ldentil'ieation card. and a Hostel card.

The sttidcnt ll) cart be obtained
throtiglt the International Student Office
in the Social Sciences building. With it
you can get discounts or free admission to
museums and theaters all over Europe.
It‘s a good investment l'or any full-time
student.

the hostel card can also be bought in
the US. but it‘s cheaper il'yottget ital one
of the larger hostels in littrope. It allows
yott to stay at any of the International
Youth Hostel l‘t‘tlt.‘l‘llll()ll hostels for less.
and tor it longet titne.

llnstels ate both the cheapest places to
stay in “Hope. and the best places to
meet other tt'a\elling students. A hostel
catd will be a delinite asset.

Alter yott‘ye got “lhe Ilooks“ into
yont pack. atid your money belt anIItId
yottt waist. the rest ol the pack needs to
be tilled Iip. llie basic I Me at thumb Is to
set ottt ctctytlting you tlttiik yott‘ll Iiecd.
then t‘lll It In hall.

()byiottsly you‘ll itced clothes. lhat
means one pair til jcattsxa pair ol sltoi'ts.:t

l'eyy t—sltit‘ts. one good shirt orhltiusc. one
good pair nt pants or a skirt. some
undet' ear attd sticks. and coiulnrtable

ion/lum'i/ o/I Int

 

 

