  

.V,
‘r
U ... .r.  .,.......

 . (World News Briefs

 

 

 

  
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   

DOVER. N.H.(AP) Cal. Edmund Brown's much-
publicized assault Sunday on New Hampshire came amid
renewed speculation that Sen. Edwe rd Kennedy would enter

the luck in the world." she said. “ and if he runs i hope to
goodness nothing happens to him." Mrs. Carter's remark
was greeted by silence and a few catcalls. Two of Kennedy's
brothers were assassinated - President John F. Kennedy in
I963 and Sen. Robert Kennedy in I968 as he sought the
Democratic presidential nomination. "l was stunned. 1

Party chairman. “Whether it was a slip of the tongue or not.
it shouldn‘t be said.

here that the costs ofair and watcr pollution control systems
could have a severe impact on U.S. industry. Russum and
Leask said that the total bill for federal. state. and local
pollution controls could range between $14 billion and $23
billion. depending on how restrictive the laws are. In today's ,
dollars. they said. the controls could tack on between $2.lll
and $3.7l to the cost ofti barrel of US. oil. At the opening of

 

the 70-nation conference here Sunday, a British oil man
accused the United States of oil gluttony and claimed it was
depriving its allies of their due. Other papers given to
delegates in advance of their presentation offered gloomy

4% percent growth target they set for themselves through the
Organization of" ' C r ' and!) ' ,

Strauss says a report from President Anwar Sadat on his
lmeeting last week with Prime Minister Menachem Begin
made him "absolutely confident“ the Palestinian autonomy
negotiations and the rest ofthe peace process will "conclude
successfully." The iigyptian president and Strauss met for 9
minutes Sonday. It was the American's third trip to Cairo

couldn't believe it." said Romeo Dorval. state Democratic (since President Carter tapped him to mediate the peace

drive last spring. and he said none ofhis previous trips had
been has “constructive... informative... positive or as
encouraging." Obviously buoyed by Sadrtt‘s report on his
meeting with the Israeli prime minister. Strauss said the tow
' leaders appeared to have mridc “considerable nrorzrcss"and

unwanted pregnancies. The FTC disclosed it is conducting a
"nonpublic investigation" of rdvertisding for non-
prescription vaginal contruccpliics. The commission had
been asked bya group of law students to regulate the ads. ln
denying the students' petition. the commission said it
already hurl an investigation under way. The investigation
cr std lead to FTC action against some ﬁrms. although the
commission revealed rto details of the probe.

    

, \
Church Fences SALT Defeat

WASHINGTON (AP) The chairman ofthe Senate Foreign

being ratiﬁed by the Senated unless the Russians pull their
combat troops out of Cuba. Sen. Frank Chueh. D-ldaho.
who first revealed last week that U.S. intelligence had
confirmed the brigade‘s presence. said the mood of the

Dobrynin. who is returning to Washington soon from
Moscow. “What I'm interested in now is that these
negotiations begin on a serious note and not an attempt to
dismiss it. as the Soviet'news agency Tess has attempted to
do.... "i am for SALT."Churcb said. But. he added. “... in
my judgment. the Senate will not ratify the SALT treaty
White Russian combat troops are in Cuba.“

Castro Enjoys New Reign

within the 95-nation movement. offered a warm embrace to
Yugoslav President Josip Broz Tito. the last surviving
founder of the movement and the principle advocate of
neutrality between the United States and the Soviet Union.
Both could claim victory as the conference came to an end a
9:35 am. Sunday after l3 hours ofall-night wrangling in the
new Palace of Congresses on the outskirts of Havana.

 

 

 

 

( Administrative Changes

it's that time ofthe year again  drop-add season is again
upon us. Just to keep everyone straight on which day to
stand on what line. here is the Fall ‘79 academic schedule.

Sept. 14 ~- Last day to add courses. Last day for late
registration. Last day to ﬁle for S/U option.

Oct. 3 —— Last day to drop Isl quarter course.

Oct. 25-26 ~ - First quarter ﬁnals.

Oct. 29 —— l’rercgistration for Spring ‘80 begins.

Oct. 3| ~ Last day to drop full semester courses.

Nov. 2 v Last diiy to add second quarter course. Last day
to file for S/U option.

Nov. l4 — Last day to make up incomplete from Spring

Dec.‘l7-22 w l‘inals week.

ASP Makes the “News”

 

 

Dates to Remember

Over the summer several changes were made in
administrative personnel at SUNYA. Dr. John Webb has
been appointed as the new Dean ofthe College ofSocial and
Behavioral Sciences. Dr. Webb was formerly the Associate
Dean of the College of Liberal Arts at the University of
Minnesota.

Daniel L. Wulff. the new Dean of the College of Science
and Mathematics. will take office in January. Dr. Wulffwill
be employed until that time as Acting Dean ofthe School of
Biological Sciences at the University of California at Irvine.
Eugene McLaren from the Chemistry Department will hold

employed til the University of Wisconsin at Milwaukee.
Richard Hall will fill the position ofActing Vice President

Think SUNYA has problems? SUNY Stony Brook has for Research rind Dean of Graduate Studies, wliilcri search
been literally "bombarded" with catastrophies since the committee reviews candidates for the post. Dr. Hall is a

beginning of school last week.

The chaos at Stony Brook began when a bomb. with the
capacity to "trike half the wing out." was found in the
Chemistry Building. Fortunately. the bomb was discovered

 

 

 

 

You've heard of a “play within a play." Well. now its a
“newspaper within it newspaper." The distinguished rind
venerable Albany Student Press will be spotlighted iii ti
Dally News feature story on college newspapers.

ASI‘ editor Jay (iissen's remarks made last night to
reporter Rich (illbin will be part of a story that focuses on
student-run newspapers in Eastern colleges: Tufts. Cornell.
NYU and SUNY Albany. SUNYA was chosen as one ofthe
four, because in the words of reporter (lilhin. “Albany is lltt‘
state school."

The story will appear sometime in late October.

in ii men‘s rootri by itjiinitor.iind was defused byarcu police.

Stony Brook's troubles continued when the Faculty
Student Association (liSA). closed foilr tin-campus bars and
bolted beer sales in the bowlingallcy.whcn it was discovered
that they lacked State Liquor licenses. Asau investigationol
this incident continued. it appeared that two of these bars
had been selling intoxicants without a license for its long as
lli months. President of the l‘SA stated that selling liquor
without a license was it serious criminal violation and that
since ricw licenses have to be processed by the State. the bars
could remain closed for its long its three months.

To add to the confusion. a rather embarrassing crr'or
owned the new semester. About Hot) copies of the campus
yearbook arrived with. not the usual SlJNY at Stony Brook
printed on the binding. bitt rather with N.Y.U. iit Stony
Brook. The cost of rccovcritig and rcsliipping the books will
amount to about $2.000. bill after legal action was
iltrciitcncd. the printer lllltl the yearbook agent agreed to
split the cost it' the printing company war promised next
year's job. But more than money was involved in this
incident. explained yearbook agent lid Striitton as he stated;
“Living with it blooper of that dimension is not till easy
thing."

Taken front Sept. 5. I 979 l.V."llt' of The .S'trilerman.

member of the Sociology Department.

 

Back to the Books!

 

Sunya News Briefs

 

     

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
    
  

 

ﬂ

 

 

   

 

 

..._..J..... n.-- .....

 

 

 

by Aron Smith
Second in a [Wu-port series.

Pittman Hall complained of being
“smashed like sardinesz“ students
slept in bunks in lounges in
Brubacher and Sayles; the waiting

During the last few weeks. Off-
Ctimpus Housing Office tOCl-lO)
Director Frank Greene and Off-
Ctimpus Association (OCA)
President .loliri Kennedy have been
dealing with u steady stream of
incoming students without a roof
over their heads. According to
(irccnc. this inﬂux has created
considerable prcssurc on Albany's
already tight housing market.

 

Council member Lisa Newmark views Jud
[)lA't'lpllllrIU’ (It'llntt can become a .rllgmu.

    

  
    
   
   
  
 

WWW

 

had tltc option of staying at the

Dutch Quad Summer Hotel Service.
located in empty residence halls.

r ‘ . .
r' I v .- . ,. ;
ill ' ‘ IL r

Board ehan es as ositlve.
I’lmlu.‘ “(Il’l' Mar/tron

 

   

Off-Campus Housing [is scarce

downtown.“

Greene said he uses the resources

i 0 0 r I ' projections of economic decline in the industrialized world  I ?
, Llulan 8 Sl'p Stuns  because oftheenergyshortageandexpresseddoubtsthatthe Relations Committee said ‘Sunday the strategic arms EVcry room on lcach of the live Filmmm‘bcs ofOCHOm sjccrhomdcsssludcms
Western countries could trim their oil consumption to the limitation treaty With the Sovret Union stands no chance of quads W115 ﬁlled; tripled residents of  3‘  .m the right direcﬁon'

“It depends on what kind ofliving
situation they‘re interested in." he
said. “We have listings of
apartments and of people who need

the I980 White House marathon. Even the president's ‘
motherjoined the speculators. Brown shared aplatform at Mideast   Hope Senate is such that SALT and the troops in Cuba are list aithe Wellington grew. And still roommates. They‘ll 80 “trough
two stops with Lillian Carter. who said shecould not believe linked. And he cautioned the Soviets to take the situatit they converged upon Perimeter mum to see what is suitabtc to them
Kennedy would run against her son. Jimmy. However. she SCTiOUSIY When "1"“ “mm ""5 "00P5'Slﬂlus begin between Road. suitcas s in hand 77 the Class for their budget and for the
added:“it looks like he is."“lt‘he does run,l do wish him all CAIRO. EGYPT (AP) U.S. Mideast negotiator Robert the United States and Soviet Ambassador Anatoly of ‘83 and the new transfers who location,"

would soon call SUNYA home. While Kennedy acknowledged

that this year’s student housing
shortage is “at least as bad as last
years.“ Greene sees the off-campus
housing crunch as worse than usual.

“We‘ve always had a fair amount
of apartments that are available, btit
we don‘t have cnouglt housing that is
coritpatihlc with student needs,“said
(irceue. “the rents are going very
high. especially on one-bedroom
studio apartments. Many ol' the

 

 

 

Jud Board Rules Relaxed

by (‘indy Grclsdorf

In the ﬁrst action of SUNYA‘s
University Council since its only
student mentbcr received voting
rights. the group revised SUNYA's
Student (iuidelincs. relaxing
residence judicial board policies.

The (iuidclincs. official
regulations governing

actions taken by judicial boards in
University-related cu . In recent
years. many judicial boards
disciplinary proceedings have been
brought against students by urea
businessmen. most often by New
York 'l'elepltonc.

 

' “Judicial horrid disciplinary action

can cttcci students in ways which are

ramifications of the board‘s
decisions. (iricvuuces involving
students and local busin sses will go
the route of ordinary civil offenses.
The revised guidelines also
broriden sitttlents‘ access to defense
and consultation. /\ student
appearing before it student judicial
body will be heard in person by the

C C O I
Oil Insiders Predict Rise . . .. . . .
‘ were dcVl-‘lol’mla’ 1' "BOOd Chem-9”)“ slid“? 531d “'3 “They've been staying with “The University has once again iiprrrtrmcitistyc‘tc been gettirigjust
’CCCP‘iO" In“ week in Hull“ 5" cnlhuslasuc lh‘" “I lirlmdsr ll “WY “3W9 “"l’ in Albany. simply accepted more people than aren‘t near the bus line. and that‘s a
I was telling Bob Strauss I could not distinguish who is an HAVANA. CUBA (AP) The 6”, "(,n.n|igncd summh or they've been stayingat liotclsand they can house." said Kennedy. major concern to the students,
BUCHAREST, ROMANIA (AP) Two US, on men said Arab and who is a Jew." meeting has ended with displays of unity along with motels." he said. “Any time they accept more people Many ol'tltcm don't have cars. ll‘it's
todriythe price ofcrude oil from American wellscouldjump . apprehension among some of wltat Fidel Castro wit] do Students arriving on campus than they cart house on crimpus,tlrcy not near the bus line. What good is it ()CllO'g Funk Green steers students to available dwellings.
ul’ nearly $4 a barrel by I985 if the oil companies are  Wary 0f contraceptive during his next three years as ofﬁcial spokesman for the during the last few weeks of August put radical stress on apartments to them?“ Friends rrmw through to the clutch. , . . H . r' '
forced to comply with environmental protection laws that Third World. The most vivid symbol of non-aligned unity . Hm"): 7”"). “mam”, ‘
could cost them up to $23 billion. L.W. Russunr. of the WASHINGTONM‘P) The Federal Trade Commission is came shortly after the Cuban president brought down the 1
American Oil Co.. and J.A. Leask. of Tcnneco. said in a lookingintoadvertising claims for some contraceptives that gavel on what was perhaps the most raucous summit in the 0 0 0
paper presented at the l0th World Petroleum Conference alllegedly overstate their effectiveness and can lead to movement‘s history. Castro. leader of the leftist forces   
fit

 

University

student conduct.wcrc revised aitlic just as detrimental HS criminal Dean for Student Allarrs if the

UC‘s‘ July meeting. according to proceedings would be." said student so wishes. - j
g I

Council member Lisa Newmark.
The changes followed it rccornrncii-
dutioti bya brunch ofthe lllll\ClSll)’
Senate during the spring scrricstcr'.
The meeting crime on the heels ol
(iovcrtior Criicy‘s signing into lawn
bill that gave students a vote Ill
ol'l’iciiil SUNYA bodies.

The revised guidelines will limit

Testing Law-What’s The Scoop?

 

by Thomas Murtello
and Matthew (.‘ox
SUNY News Service

When (iov. lltigli Carey signed
New York’s “truth in testing" law
this summer. he didn't end the
controversy surrounding the most
debuted education bill ol' the l‘)7‘)
legislative session.

l‘ougltt by the testing industry
and the educational establishment.
sought by students and consumer
groups. “truth in testing" is the most
comprehensive open testing lth in
the country. Its most controversial
provision tillows anyone who tzikcs it
strindtirdi/ed test in New York or
anyone applying to n Ncw York
school tlriit llSL‘S the tests iir llS
iidtiiission procm to we lllL'lI'
answer sheet. the test questions and
the test answers .lt) days alter the
exam.
It lllll‘lllt'S iii llll' l.S/\| and
Mt'Al. to placement
t'\il|ll\ \thlltt‘i
1M”) (tiltl ). and to
iniinrigcmcni

Sliilyl'l‘lMBlCR I 1, I979

gr tttltltllt‘
llll‘ ( illttlllillt‘ Records

gr iltltlitlt‘

iltllllthlttll‘i lust.

among others,

Although the law “1ch effect in
January. the only truth about "truth
in testing" at this point seems to be
that rto one frilly understands its
ramifications.

Critics of the law say it will hurt
those students it was designed to
help. They say the cost of taking a
standardilcd test will rise to offset
the costs of compliance. and that. if
testing companies refuse to offer the
exams in New York State. sortie
students may he forced to go out of
state to take them.

Proponents of the law say that
opening tip the tests will make the
industry accountable to its
consumers. a principle with which
ilic largest of the standardized test
producers. Educational Testing
Services (li'lS) ol I’riiicctoii. N..l..
agrees. llut lllCt'L' is disagrcciitent
lrctwrcit opponents rind proponents
t)\t'l whether the law will change the
quolity of tlic tests.

Mriny educators believe releasing

'79.
Nov. 27_ Last d ‘ d 2 I _ ._ the post until January. .
[)cc, '4 . ﬁngering. mp nd quarter Course. The new Dean for the School of Social Welfare. Stuart ‘
Kirk. will take office in May I980. Dr. Kirk presently is 11h D b t G on

questions ltlin the exams will
diminiin lest quality by forcing the
irtduslry to develop new questionsat
an increased rate.

“if publishers are unable to
proceed as al'prcscnt witlt the
practice of reusing test questions."
State Education Commissioner
(lordori Ambuch told it state
legislative hearing in May. "tests will
be of lower quality . . . The more
questions to be selected front ti
litnitcd source. the poorer the
quality."

The New York Public Interest
Group. Inc. (NYl’lRG). which
lobbied for the bill on the floor ofthe
state legislature. disagrees. claiming
the quality of the tests isn't all it's
cracked up to be. NYl’lRti staff
attorney Arthur Mtilkin gave this
example: a panel of law professors
in Washington. l).(‘.. given copies
of a standardi/cd law tests.
disagreed with 25% of the
supposedly “correct” itiichrs.

“When we open tip this process.

Ncumrrr‘k. She added that resulting
disciplines. such as Icttcrs placed in
the student academic files.
can sligriiati/c a student lor years to
L'ttttlL'. Newmark. who recommen-
ded the guidelines changes last
spring. \ttltl that the proceedings will
be limited to llnivci‘sity-r'clitlcd
cases hcciiusc ol the oltcii serious

 

Newmark said that the pi‘ii'ilcgeis
a signigictint one. “Previously. the
Dean had the power to dismiss a
student without a l'rtcc—to—fitce
riiccting." said NL‘Wllltll’k‘. “At least
now he's got to talk to the student.
which makes it bigI tlill'cr'criec."
The changes furtherguarantee the
continued on [Mtge/lire

State Senator Farley led the ﬁght against truth in testing.
New York. rI catalyst/or ItilllUIltll legislation.

t’()llllllllt‘tl on page “We‘ll

A LBAN Y STUDENT I'R 

PAG E THREE

PA (5 E 1 W0

’11, .

J

 

ALBANY S'i'irortN'rmﬁiiESS SEPTEMBER it, 1979

 

 
 

"'JrﬁﬂWiwlvvmmw-dn-r  . .,. .w . ..

 

