.
AA-nes
a

 

The Record Industry Gets In Gear

that a relatively large number of people have preserved their artistic inlegnty ,5 a

As of new releases by some old stalwarts in the rock 'n roll pantheon, the Record
Industry is recouping if it‘hasn‘t already recouped. its losses during the previous year.
' when the only records catchinganybody's attention were the record slumps in sales and
proﬁts in' almost every major label. Bob Dylan’s Slow Train Comingia hovering around
the Number Three spot in the Bible of Record industry devotees, Billboard, while Led
Zeppelin‘s In Through the Out Door and the Eagles' The Long Run slug it out for the top
spot. Fleetwood Mac's long awaited mega-album, Tusk is expected to enter at Number
One, or at least extremely high on the charts. Led Zep’s latest became the fourth album
of all time to take the top position even before it hit the stores. (Chart position is
determined by advanced sales and orders). The others were Elton John's Captain
Fantastic in 1975. his Rack of the Westies in 1976, and also in $976 Stevie Wonder‘s
Songs in the Key of Life, which retained its lead position for thirteen straight weeks.
in the coming months, as the BIG Christmas buying season approaches. new record
will be coming out by some of the biggest names in the business. Elton's new album
Victim of Love has just come out this week along with Barbara Streisand's Wet and
Donna Summer's On the Radio. These two queens of rock have released an ll minute
single on which they both sing called "Enough is Enough." With the previous track
records of both ladies, the single and their albums will sell a helluvalot. Donna Summer is
working on her eleventh smash single. it all began with "Love to Love You Baby" in 1975.
A new record by her sells to a cross section of listeners. not just soul or disco'fans.
Middleof-theRoad (MOR) is the bread and butter of the Record Industry.

Disco's selling draw has always been severely limited. Alter all, the whole ambiance of
disco depends on being in a disco itself and the amount of disco fans who actually go out
and buy disco albums are a small minority of the overall buying public. The popularity of
disco had been greatly inﬂated by its promoters and now, if disco artists don't get
absorbed into the MOR. as Donna Summer has. since broadening herappeal, disco as a
way of life will soon fade away.

New Wave also has lost its trailblazers, the Johnny Rottens and the more grotesque
and bizarre outerfringe. Many "punks" have also absorbed toward the middle and. ,‘t
have garnered fans from heavy metal rock groups which are almost like dinosaurs these
days. How long will it be before Elvis Costello and the Talking Heads have Number One
Hits? With any luck. never, as their fans would hope. The contention is among many that
popularity equals mediocrity. Often this is blind prejudice. since many of the most
critically heralded artists of our times are also Big Sellers. Neil Young, Led Zeppelin. Yes.
and Pink Floyd. to mention a few.

Pink Floyd's new album is also due out soon. Other new albums coming out in
November and early December are by Steely Dan. Stevie Wonder, the Grateful Dead
Jefferson Starship (without Marty Balin or Grace Slick). Emerson, Lake and Palmer.
,Yes. and Bruce Springsteen. All of these artists will boost sales and total volume way up.

The dire predictions of the collapse of rock as a popular art form has been widely held
but. in light of the most recent trends, seems somewhat presumptious. On the contrary
rock, pure rock, as defined by groups like Led Zep and the Eagles, is increasing iri

popularity. Rock has been the biggest selling musical form since the early sixties and
looks like things will continue that way for some time.

There is a heartless element to the manipulations used by Record Companies to get
their groups into the select few who can sell albums by the millions with just their name on
a cardboard package. Often groups die in their infancy when the members just get
exhausted from the touring and promotional campaigns used to sell their name to the
public. A relative few survive those first years of one night stands.

‘ There is also a corruptive influence inherent in the Record industry in that it is almost
ImpOSSIble for any normal human body to withstand the rigors of constant touring and
recording. Drugs are necessary crutches for many acts.

There are pressures to be outrageous and different to make an impression. But worst
of all are the very intense pressures to write songs which a computer full of graphs and
analysis and studies have proven to be a smash hit. Hit mentality is perhaps the crassest
part of the Record Industry. It is an insidious affront to the listening audience and. the fact

testament to their tenacity.

With all this in mind, and seeking to get beyond the surface layer of glossy enamel

which coats everything in

the Record Industry —— a razzle dazzle ‘em defense mechanism

v— and get to the rust underneath, Aspects delved into the psychology of it“. Record

industry. What we offer here are not facts
opinions, biased and subjective. Music is a
cling to that idea. that rock belongs to us.

, or statistics from quasi-reliable sources, but
personal thing, rock is ours. We idealistically
the youth, or anyone else young. Thai is why

when we realize that there are very coldhearted people in steel towers plotting,

calculating our loyalties.

reaction, call it what you like. is offered. Play it as it lays.

we get most offended. And so this report. or analysis, in

—- Stuart Matranga

 

gut :ymé‘. 9r
' mthwmn-wm

 

While discussions concerning disco and
rock music have typically centered on what
may amount to nothing more substantial than

Richard DeProspo

 

musical preferences. accepting thesegenres

‘ as valid musical expressions. we can analylze

the phenomena outside of the musical
dimension; that is. we can examine different
sub-cultures which these forms relate to.
Rock music had its birth in the 1950‘s, but
unquestionably gained considerable

[Gold cuts From up Shots

"Everyone thinks they can pick hits.
People say, 'I knew that record was a hit
the minute Iheard it,’ without knowing
that experts have preselected the music
and most songs never make it to the air. "

— Solomon Rudman,
freelance “hit” man

"The spectrum of life is not conﬁned to
ELO and Yes. What about Edith Pia]
and Not Cole?"

— Stan Comyn,
Vice-President.
Warner Bros. Records

“I never wanted to review albums. I
was interested in a much more lriuolous
aspect of the whole thing."

— Lisa Robinson,
Editor, Hit Parader

“It can be [rustrating I mean, what
can be more boring and mundane than
having to come in and play Debby Boone
and not be able to play a song like Billy
Joel's 'Just the Way You Are.'a song
eueryone can relate to. "

— George Michael
Disc Jockey, WABC.
New York City

"For radio, side one of an album must
make maximum impact; programmers
may never listen to side two. 50 you put
the most important material on side one
preferably up front." I

_ -— Gregg Geller,
Director of East Coast “Artists
and Repertoire" Columbia Records

How To Be A Star

Four years ago, on a bone chilled
December night, the Palladium in New York
shook. People had come to see the Ramones,
a group of pounding Forest Hills boys. A band
named Suicide opened the show for them.
They were the bargain.

Bob Blau

Suicide was the most obnoxious,
repugnant noise imaginable. They were just
two. A banging keyboardist who used a
rhythm box more than any of the keys. and a
“vocalist”. Real bad shit. People were ready to
rip their throats out, just so the next band
could come on. They played for over an hour.
Then the beauty of it all struck me.

Here were these two post puberty pals
trying to make a buck. How to do it? The
competition is just too tough in the
nininstream. So what’s needed is a novel
gimmick that could grab the public by the
halls. That's llI Crank out the worst fucking
llllf‘ilf' inmginnble. It's d norisk shot.

'I hat Wm. four years ago, Now I flip lltl’f)lll§ll
ilu» [iit'tt'h oi Ital/ail; ‘itonr'niid It) the iisnlrilu 'ti

an article about The Cars. I notice that one of
the band members is actually playing with
Suicide. He liked their attitude. Beautiful!
The Suicide phenomena seems to recur
quite often. Somebody tries something
ridiculous and somebody else starts
interpreting the behavior within the context

marketable.

It's like this pair of strange sunglasses I
bought at a garage sale. They were sleek.
narrow frames that fit snugeg around the
head. I wore them one Saturday night. All I
heard was “Hey, Devo glasses . . . Hey look
it's Devo." Fuck that. They didn't look
anything like Devo glasses. I quickly realized
however. that if I developed frames of the
same shape. called them "New Waves," and
made fancy signs and slogans, I'd make a
bundle.

Which brings me to this. Four years ago
Time magazine printed a story about the Stax
Pistols: Wretched Scum. The next year they
made it to the US, to a redneck bar in
(lt’ftllllit 7 but not before a colony of English
Willi": Iil‘.’ilfl“(l Aliltfrlt'u and planted. the

 

of greater social significance. Then it is

seeds of a musical trend that would rapidly
proliferate in the States.
It was all ver ‘ ' '

y frightening at first. The
shredded clothing. the blood. the anger
Violence and the contortions against lower
class repreSSion lent credence to the urgency
of the lad. John Rockwell of the NY. Times
tagged the punk movement as an outlet for
soaal protest. But I wonder if he saw the
jewelry around Johnny Rotten's wrist as he
grinned for the press.

BlNow you can purchase your punk outfits at
lolomies. Even leather pants and skinny ties
wilt k on tlhe upper east side. And Sid Vicious
wro too it all the W} " ' ‘ v
r (y, is in heav» ‘ -

Mudd Club IS the big draw. m Hm

lhere are even some people writing the

~ > I so
(lays that Disco l9 on its way out We‘

r ’ 1 v0
{ﬁrmed to illkt.‘ (lani'ing again, though “New
ave an( “punk'I n ' ' H i
re peaking Ilie ‘
> I ‘ > . record
(I
“Jniprlillcb are trying desperately to harness
I tL' profit potential of these trends Anrl st~
‘ . i
adios and gentlemen . the tire ti p I
V r I . , .t or
reVival...prei:ise, harmless N|
. i o

twat,
. ‘ —

alterations necessary

“The record companies shoiilifuvi lid
of a lot 0/ the syrupy‘style pop lt(lll(l5,
half the heavy-metal bands. and u lot of
the MOR acts . . . fcan make teenage
records because I understand teenage
rock & roll. and I understand the
audience they're selling to. "

— Mike Chapman.
Producer, Blondie

“Talk about 'art' is bull slit; it's
advertising. I just want you to be able to
find a record in a store . . . you gotta
have something on there that says what
it is. Everything after that is extra.”

— John Berg.
Album Cover Designer.
CBS Records

small time.
it was only rock and roll.

years.

seductive zap. It disarmed the assail
raised the dead and glorified the man
love. It tried to make a serious joke

It was shortly after the “New Wave'
The second generation “punks” were
odorless pit of memorabilia, a giant We 0

cement sidewalks of the Bronx, They di
practiced in a sound proof room ll
The Slick was usually centerstagi- He

cockroach. l'lo's ill lltC
like him. He's alright.
Schizzed discombobnlai.
The Slick. Slick of the ward on a block of

Novelty shop shelves all the way
Beatles and Stones on the 45 |.Ps. plus“

and Rollers. Anger, fear, hate
same way onstage. The shows \youlrl lth‘l
shook their heads wondering ll ll mnlrl l't’

Q-i DO you like performing?

A.T.S.: it's awrighf. Do you"

Q: Do you like the audit-in 4‘"
A.T.S.: The girls SCt‘itlltlng. l Altitl‘ my
Q.I Where do you gt‘l your \\.illil“" "
A.T.S.5 My mother. .I.I“","Il it.
Q: How do you stay at! . .ilin u
AII‘vS-I What's flint? l (lllllllfl l 'l‘tll“ ‘1"

,I , “nu

MM
l‘ .m

Thingshavet’htmgii-rlloi \laii l1 v ‘ ~'
intmnrjui (It‘lityt‘fl llll‘ It'll .im in in. v ‘
the breaking point. As for 'l luv
Av-iutt' Uliiiiilists lll Soho

filial

 

.._____ ____. ._..._-.... -

cyclesl", The Slick‘s uncle used to tell lilill Hal.

IlliO a moﬁ serl
' surge of tie late 19705
dyinganhtsarne rate as
l old itshjon.
beaHuih-Puppy land. Flexivrubber soles absorbing the broken
dn't knotmllCh about music — three or four chords, that's all. They
i the instituiiam
'd dioop His nose drooped. His chino pants drooped. He'd shuttle
. snort . . .

For Slick and the Retards. it would always

between comfortableness and transmn. Silence .

Hello. Who do you want? Not‘the
basement. I don't

Wonder what those critics inmni when tli
pi Inial they
about ;

allv It‘ll

Future Rock

The system wasisv‘tio deciph
aw about cyc

Rock and roll endured. lt (hanged. It SpOll§d  the loose . I .
ant, uiiload'rthis:gun and pounded the bullets right back into his gut. it

yrs. li rasulybeat sex into violence. men into women, and hate into
ous laugh.

when Alan the Slick put together the Retards.
designer jeans. Both were buried in the same

red hilt laid by his neighbor’s uncle. Liveable. bearable olock.

Walk into the basement. Screen door tumS 0“th “ale “029” I°°d Odo“-

.iroutttl.

The Slick once granted this iitlt' llllt‘|\ll'\‘~

pains it's good, no?
win

with l

,\ llllltl vitamin Q maybe?

» . 'Ilutl exclusive lnlt'l’Vll'W. Legal |tl'()l|ll’lll5 Wllll lln' lit'taiti's
v i ‘wt'nrleavor. 'l‘hrercaru lliosu that t'litllll that tln'ltinul is lll’ill'
. 'iwntl‘il‘laiin that he has become a partier.

. ' I .
The following is a reprint of an articltomnally published
Alan The Slick and the Retards. '1 hey wou

not on no wave. Maybe just lucky innoyaiors ..

Lirke it big. They would make it fast. Not on the new wave,
‘-‘ybe just coincidences in the right small club at the right

er. “Cycles! Cycles! Everything happens in
les. He had read The WallStreetJournalfor

Plait Poker, pencil sharpener.
.- shine'melling in the dust sunlight.
uyiallted about simple emotions. gut feelings, in the first Rock
t'ldlllléd. The Slick was simplicity entertaining itself. He was the

0 hours. The audience was often shell shocked. They
happening. It couldn't be. they figured.

“When you have the right

everybody wants it.” . ., A
— Neiljﬂog‘a

Pme

Casablanca

that the records were
mind. "

in‘Lame Magazine in Dec. 1982.

gravel in the music world with its own

recital.

mini binoculars. keychains.

slayitiqoul late with

ticket. , ,

t._ove,i.ucy." Clearly, the impetus is toward »
broad appeal. , r . i H

. fis‘ precisely 
in



1",},‘He'y' y 'u
' that item.-

momentum  th
most salient fedture
the alignméht   lbttvaLillure ~— but evei't
moresignificantly.‘ the creation of a new set of

with the emergence of the

Episco iexploslon. the attention“ became

locused‘on the mainstream itself. In fact. the

> appeal of disco is preciselyits, ability to cross
1 what  archaicly been referred to as the
V "genemllﬁﬂ aap"(i,.e. "everybody's’doin'itfb ‘ 
,Consequenttally, dance? schools. Such as '.

Arthur, Murray's), are receiving renewed
interest as even senior citizens want to hustle.
The apparent interest
sectional mix is evidenced by disCo's capacity =
for Lip-dating classics such as “If My Friends.
Could See Me New.“ and the" theme to "l v

. Z'I‘he'critical feature of the-disco phenomena-
. ,.  ,, a

r g .
V , unchange-the-warld ideals
’Obviously, Disco's impact on the ec
sphere is healthy. While Madison A
advertising had been struggling for some

that." The roadle's lndlct.
.Iyours truly. My crime had been helplngthy
to'the oast beef ,sandchh of Colin Hotchkln
son .' bass'pia'yéfidor ’Jan Hammer's n

Colln didn't seem to mind, he had ,
ed “Apathy Ru-" on thewtressing‘roomt' at
JB. Scott's wherethe band appeared f ’ I '
Last Friday night. -   

W W '
If. ki' Colln yelled toutlan. “i like
. . . you an , I-satd; ,Qoltn. an
Engllshman.f‘1 pic, , uplnNew Jersey."

Jan paced about the room expounding
upon the beauty of some of his female au-
dience. The jovial and youthful-looking man
with the balding pate before me hardly seem-
ed the famous keyboardist nonpariel responsi-
ble for Country and Eastern Music and “Blue
Wind". He seemed to lack the depth.

“Hey. Jan. weren't you on the Mainstrean‘
album with Eno and Manzanera?" An in—
qulsitlve contortlon of the face. A pause.

“I don't know those people," he replled.

“I know everyone's asked you this-" Jan
smiled in anticipation. He didn't mind the at-
tention at all. "-but what was it like touring
with Jeff Beck? Was it a bitch? We always
thought the albums should've read; 'Jan Ham—
mer with Jeff Beck' instead of the reverse."

“Well. you know," Jan went on in his only
slightly broken English. “Jeff‘s the star.
Besides it was his record label."

Record labels. The omnipresent reminder
on every record disc than an industry. a cor-
poration. a few lawyers can make or break an
artist - or just prevent them from recording for

three years as in the case of Bruce Springs-

teen.
Vlnny

band. Another came

came in with some beers for the
in to ask Jan if he'd do
an interview with the music editor of
Berkeley's magazine. In walked the Editor. l-Ie
Sol down with Jan and immediately began to
attack him for his first set which consisted of
[lLIl'U rock 'n roll as opposed to the jazz-rock
Ill‘iltltl that most of the audience lizid exr
period.

"1 t an tilt rock'n roll It” the rest of my life.
but lll‘t now Hi association with
f‘diiluivtnlnni. lln‘ itwiitl slutt'h will still put lllt'

my

 

I)r. It. VOUIt'lG

,, . ~M‘T‘TW

iii llu‘ w/ :n'i’iitni VJlimi will lllf'V gtt'l lllt’ ltlt-

we »

as prev” e 3 ins .
design , cans and other “glamouro
apparel.“NOnelheless. we assume that the
psychological manipulation of advertising is
within our control. This reaffirms what B.F.
Skinner has termed autonomous man’s

search fondl'gnity —— the conspicuous Iof

' g?” gusts. viewed as pqpii
v oneself (lie;;“l'd be'doingt at.

llwasn't inn." " - ' , .
: But musical genres embody an

in this cross-  whichthey-tfansplre.1‘heréf

sense. we ‘are' what. :we -’ listen to,
universities. enrollment trends are away lrom
departments 'sitch’as philosophy, psycho 
anthropology and.history. and mallards
ﬁeldsiof business, accountin’ '

. Ea
hammerd a ,‘r'nil'slcal integrity. God.
it] had to face] people like this in every city...
“I don't give a shit about integrity" retorted
‘Jan; still maintaining his jovial demeanor.

"Wimt label are you with now, Jan?

“It‘s funny. I came to this country from
Czechoslovakia to seek political asylum. and i
signed with Asylum" (a subsidiary of Eleklra
Records).

“There's your lead! 1 yelled to the Editor.

But he didn't hear me. He had a deadline to
meet. The Editor and Jan continued to chat. I
overheard them talking about Stanley Clarke
on whose first album Jan makes an ap-
pearance.

The music press and the musicians they
write about are, at times. equally brutal wlth
each other. A band may spend months in the
studio on a project, only to have a novice critic
from Rolling Stone brandlsh the work with
vague adjectives such as "pretentious" or
“contrived.” It must come as a shock when a
musician reads what his-her artistic intentions
were in a column in The New York Times
and'Lelsure Section. Frank Zappa once sald
that rock journallsm was written by "people
who can't write for people who can't read."
Maybe rack crltlcs take rock too seriously.
Maybe It deserves the attention. Popular
music, viewed with some foresight. can repre—
sent the politlcal. Intellectual. and emotional
climate of our contemporary society. "The
Times they are a Changln'". Emphasis should
be placed on “Contemporary” for the word
"popular" tmplles a very transient duration of
Influence. Popular music's quick acceptance
and subsequent “rejection” (who remembers
last month's hit?) is due to lls appeal to the lm-
mediate and the Now.

Popular music, be it Top 40, AOR, or
MOR. is distinguished by its mass accessibility,
particularly to the sovcalled "average" person,
as opposed to the lofty arts of yesteryear that
were available only to the privileged. Our
need for the arts is pro-eminent. Our need to
communicate is «essential. The twentieth cen~
luty has witnessed the L’lllL’l‘gt’llL‘t.‘ of art
tlt‘sltlilt'tl specifically for mass distribution As

.5 result. lllt‘ r-clt'ctic quality of the arts. that

waits

_ Re
0 ﬁll,ta
mesWhtc

)1 different. however.

" ion of the rock sub- .
. lte). New Wave rejects
' society. but without
ologies. The New
action with the

I , mt ’  theheavier moral
usgthe emergence of

_ r society can only be filled
nd vain attempts at self‘
apless screams .in the dark

Philippines, United Kingdom. and -'
rolled by Aspects Music Inc. Rock til

was once limited to the upper classes, has
been diluted as many "artists" and their
corporate management dish out what they
think will sell, despite the aesthetic quality. It
is a well-known fact that most television
material is so conceived and executed as to
be lucid to the average twelve year old. The
same can be said of popular music which
also seeks the lowest common denominator
of artistic validity. This prevailing attitude of
the music industry is epitomized annually by
the presentation of golden platitudes to those
whose "artistic" efforts have been the most
lucrative.

And what of those record labels - Elektra.
Sire, Mercury, RSO. Polydor, CBS. Grunt,
Warner Bros, Atlantic, Capitol, Swan Song
Arista. A&M. RCA and United Artists? The
fact Is, there are only about three real record
companles (I invite disagreement). Remember
when you discovered that Esso stood for 5.0.
(Standard Oil), and that there were, maybe,
two all companies in the country? The same
holds true for the recording industry. Thus,
Joni Mitchell and the Talking Heads probably
have the same boss. Renegade labels have
arisen ln defiance of corporate tyranny, and.
like Stiff records, have acquired a following of
their own.' But how long will it be before Stlff
decides to let Warner Bros. distribute their
records for them?

THE SOLUTION (Albeit a Utopian One)

1. All AM radios are to be turned off.

2. Entourages of 20-30 mtnstrels and
troubadors will roam the countryside
serenadlng everyone they meet. particularly
young lovers.

3. The government will enact legislation to
subsidize free Grateful Dead concerts in Peo-
ple’s Park.

4. Songs containing the words “baby get
down", or “on down the line" will be deemed
unsuitable for airplay and offensive to.
listeners.

5. Disco promotors and entrepreneurs will be
sent to relocation centers where they can be
rehabilitated.

My solution sounds easy, i realize. but until
then, Jan Hammer will continue to be
classified in the jazz section, and Olivia
Newtonulohn will be known as a rock per-
former. Serious artists will be harassed by
hungry jouinnltsts. monuments will be erected
to Barry Manilow. arid rock music will con
tinuv in gain the world as it loses il-~ 'vUtll m

n u

 

