 

K nationwide disruptions. The Natio

7” “(wot-iamws b

Strike Continues in London

LONDON (AP) Strikes and slowdowns by 1.5 million public
service workers demanding hefty pay hikes entered their
fourth week yesterday with no sign of an end to the
ital Union of Public
Employees. one of the four labor unions waging the
campaign. said it would escalate its actions to retaliate
against municipal authorities who called in private
contractors to remove mountains of garbage piled In streets.
Some cities have not had refuse collections since Christmas
and ﬁre departments have warned of serious ﬁre and health
halards The disruptions began Jan. 22 but were preeeeded
by wildcat actions. Strikes by janitors and cooks have closed
nearb 1.300 schools and ofﬁcials estimate more than a half-
millioii children will not be able to attend classes this week.
Walkouts by cooks. porters. janitors and technicians forced
hundreds of state-run hospitals onto an emergencres-only

footing.

Defense Secretary in Israel

TEL AVIV. Israel (AP) When US. Defense Secretary
Harold Brown arrives in Israel today. he will ﬁnd strategic
planners here preoccupied with two new threats to Israels

 

 
   
   
 

 

 

security —- the upheaval in Iran and the reconciliation
h:twcen Iraq and Syria. Brown's swing through Saiidi
Arabia. Jordan. Israel and Egypt is aimed at demonstrating
America‘s commitment to those countries in the aftermath of
thenverthrow of Shah Mohammad Rem Pphlavi by a mass
movement seeking to rid Iran of Western inﬂuences. The

- Shah had nurtured important ties with Israel over the years.

and these links were yet another target of the Moslcm
opposition in Iran. For.oiic tfiing. lsracllhad imported an
estimated of) percent of its oil from Iran. oil that now will be
ctit off permanently. Israeli ofﬁcials contend they Wlll be able
to make up for tire loss of Iranian petroleum. but the subject
is likely to be raised iii meetings with Ilrown. A ltttlg-sllllldllty
[LS-Israeli agreemcrtt commits Washington to make tip for
any Israeli oil shortages for ﬁve years. llcsidcs discussing
their future needs for US. military aid. the Israelis also plan
I to lllk': llrown on helicopter tours of the occupied Arab

\ territories in the Sinai Peninsula and the West Bank of the
c , ._ . . . , . .. .

 

 

 

r

riefs I

Jordan River. He will see the air base
Israelis have been asked to cede to Egy
and Golan H ghts he will see thec
army says it must hold to beat ba
front.

State Requests Federal Aid

ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) As subzero temperatures continued
yesterday. the state requested federal money to help poor
families pay their heating bills. considered the increased use
of high-pollution fuels and prepared “standby plans for
gasoline rationing. Gov. Hugh Carey told a news conference
the loss of oil formerly imported from strife-torn Iran would
"disrupt. to a major extent. the traditional sources of fuel. . .
sufﬁciently to warrant. certainly. a plan for standby controls
at least." But he said rationing or the weekend closing of
ations would be implemented in New York state
only if it were ordered on a nationwide basis."‘lf we were to
shut all our gas stations on Sunday you'd see increased tolls
on the George Washington Bridge. That‘s about all. Carey

5 in the Sinai that the
pt. On the West Bank
liffs and canyons the Israeli
ck an invasion on its eastern

gasoline st

said. Meanwhile. state Energy Commissioner James Larocca I

said the slate was seeking $20 million from the federal
Community Services Administration. half of it to reviye a
I977 fuel grant program and lialfto repair heaters and boilers
in buildings for which New York City had become the
landlord because of tax defaults.

Boy Beaten to Death in Ostego

COOPERSTOWN. N.Y. (AP) A 23 year-old Ostego
County mother antl a 33-year-old male friend were being
held yesterday without bail in the countyjail here. charged
with first-degree manslaughter in the beating death of her 2-
year-old son. State police said an autopsy yesterday showed
(‘Iiad Springctt died of a ruptured intestine. Denese Ann
Northup. the boy‘s mother. and Wayne C. Utter were
arrested Sunday after authorities found the boy dead in the
women‘s ()tsego iiiobifc home. The boy was beaten Saturday
afternoon and suffered injuries to his face rind body. troopers
htlltl. And sources close to the investigation said the boy was
beaten with fists and a wooden clubaf'ter being forced to eat
his own feces. Ms. Northrirp called for medical assistance
early Sunday. troopers said. after llttcr had left the woman‘s

home.

 

I

Problems in the Peace Corps

WASHINGTON (AP) The Peace Corps fails to adequately
screen volunteers. with some candidatesbeing interviewed by
telephone and others not at all. accordingtoa new study by
the General Accounting Ofﬁce. The GAO. an lnvesligmivc
arm of Congress. also said the overseas volunteer service {mg
to give adequate information to volunteers about the
conditions under which they are expected to live. Onc costly
result has been that “many volunteers are terminating service
before scheduled completion — frequently within the ﬁrst
months of service." said the report. And the Peace Corps‘
personnel turnover rate was three times as high as that or
other federal agencies. the study noted. in part because the
mits the time its staff members can serve. The study
was conducted of the Peace Corps ofﬁce in Washington and
its operations in Colombia. Honduras. Malaysia,
Afghanistan and Kenya.

Soviets Win Challenge Cup

NEW YORK (AP) The Soviet National team’s triumph In
the ﬁrst-ever Challenge Cup series left the National Hockey
League in a pondero 5 position. The 17 governors agreed to
shu'. down the league for a full week — thereby losing seven
playing dates and compressing more than 50 games per team

corps Ii

 

into the ﬁrst 4% months of the season. They underwrote the
expense of the three-game series. picking up the tab for tire
36-mrin Soviet delegation which flew here ﬁrst class. stayed
ill a posh downtown hotel. and ate three hearty meals a day.
Tfiey look a risk that the attractiveness of the matchup. the
NH l. all-stars against a Soviet team bolstered by high-caliber
players from other club teams. would help toward 'Ilte
acquisition of a network television contract in the Untied
States. Included in this risk was an agreement a Soviet club
team could make a four-citytour against NHL teams at NIII.
expense: that a Soviet referee. Victor Dombrovski. could
work a ganie in the Challenge Cup; and that the NHLwoulrl
send a team of“ Future Stars" to the lchSllB Cup tournament
iii Moscow. This was all welland good inthc planning stages,
Brit along came the Soviet Nationals. who ate the free food.
stayed in the free hotel rooms. saw the sights of New York

 

. . . then beat the pants off one ofthe strongest NIII. all-star
teams in recent history.

J

 

  

 

 

 

2».
».

 

Students wlth art

   

Chance To Gripe

Been passed tip just once too often by ti SUNYA bus
packed to the limits with fellow students? liver waited for 1|
12:05 Draper that didn‘t arrive until 12:30 when the
temperature was wall below Iero'.’

If' you're mad as hell about the SUNYA buses and don't
want to take it anymore. SA may be able to provide some

pea about buses can IlII out grlevance
forms and alr thelr complalnla. (Photo: Sam Terolll)

relief for your anger. Starting February 14. Ilus (lrievence

Forms will be available on every one ofthe green monsters.

Aceordirtg to Craig Weinstock. one ofthe creators of this
new program. any serious complaints received will be
processed and rictcd upon. The forms should be dropped off
at the (‘aitipus Center Information Desk. Weinstock said.
and they provide space for suggestions on schedule changes

as well as specific complaints.

4 Trolley Tracked In Albany

American cities in the 19th and 20th centuries"

slide presentation being offered tonight by Fred Abelc at the
('ttltitcs t‘oriiruuitity (‘ciitetz

Abcle. who works for the Rail Projects Implementation
littrcau ot the New York State
Transportation. will discuss the history of the trolley car and
trace the history and routes of many local transportation
companies. from the early horse drawn street railways to the
later electric lines.

The presentation begins at 7:30. Althouin credit will not
be granted to those attending. refreshments will be served
following Abelc’s talk.

  

 

Love Hits The Bottle

()n Valentine‘s Day (Wednesday. February 14) 11'”
Northeastern New York Regional Committee on Women
and Alcohol will hold a one-day conference in the Caml“ls
Center Ballroom.

At the seminar. which will begin at 9:00 a.m.. all rispcctsol
alcohol rind alcoholism will be discussed. including let-italic
and young adult alcohol rtbuse and alcohol and sexuality

the seminar is free and open to the general public. 11W” “-‘
well as women. It will run until 3 p.m.

Itid you know iliat the Hudson-Mohawk area (yes. tliai
includes Albany) was once linked with an extensive network
of street railu" vs and interurbantrollcy lines.typical of most .

Well if you didn't. you might be interested in attending a

Department of

'Socirilist Alliance and Speakers Forum. II will begin at

Halstead To Speak

Fred llalstead. a miin who since the 1940's has been a
participant iii various political protest llllWL‘Ilchtlh lIl thr
US. will speak on the SUNYA campus 'I‘hursdriy Ilihlll'

A central organizer of many anti—Vietnarii W1”
deriioiistratioiis. llalstead has written it book on 1m
experiences titled Out Now! A I’urlit‘l'lm""~" A""““"' “Ii/i“!
.-lnrerit'rrir illovemt-m AgaimI the Vietnam War. lleulmm”
Spock called Hrilsterid “one ofthe key organilcrs who knew
personally till the others.” .

l-lalstcrid has more recently been involved with the rioti-
nuclear power movement. on both the national rind rcglultﬂl
level. Ilis lecture is being cit-sponsored h)’ '1“: “9";3
p.m., and will take place iii the Campus Center Assembly
Ilall.

 

 

 

K

PAGE TWO

l

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

' (sunya news briefs g

 

 

FEBRUARY 13, I979

 

,- --.........,.,

' SA Task Force Reviews Bookstore

by Debble Kopf

A special task force has been
formed by SA to evaluate the
services of the Follett Bookstore.
according to SA Vice President Fred
Brewington.

Brewington said the purpose of
the bookstore review committee isto
"'take an obiective look at the book-
store and review its policies and
procedures as they relate to
students."

“We also want to voice student
dissatisfactions." he added.

According to Committee Member
(illl) Schatsky the contract between
the bookstore rind the university is
the current focus of scrutiny.

The contract. signed in 1970. gives
l’olleit the exclusiie rights to
operate the bookstore on university
premises while providing UAS with
three arid a ltalf percent of the net
revenue on sales quarterly. Follett
agrees to guarantee a minimum
annual payment of $50.000io UAS.

This contract follows an earlier
one under which Follett had
provided UAS with ﬁve percent net
revenue on sales.

“l-‘ollcit came to us about three

day l was operated on."

 

I‘CCOVUI‘y.

f Duke Plays Tough Guy
After Stomach Surgery

LOS ANGELES (AP) Despite the lingering infection. gravel-voiced
actor John Wayne says he's "feeling fine rind going to make it.“

In a copyright interview with the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner.
Wriync credited mountains of letters from well-wishers
one from England‘s Queen Elizabeth 11 ~ with keeping his spirits tip as
he recovered front surgery to remove his cancerous stomach.

"We got 30.000 letters at the hospital . . . and there were another
10.000 here when I got home." Wayne said. “I skimmed through some
of those and found one from one of my grand kids. who wrote it the

Reached iit his Newport Beach home Sunday. the day after being
released from UCLA Medical Center. Wayne said he spent the day
strolling in his yard to enjoy the sunshine rind watching pnrt 5f the
UCLA-Notrc Danie basketball game on television. '

“I still have a little trouble with the slight infection. but us soon as
that clears up. I'll be up and at 'cm." Wayne said.

Doctors at UCLA. wltcrc Wayne underwent 91/; hours of surgery
Jan. 12. have said they expect Iiini to make a quick rind complete

years ago." said UAS General
Manager E, Norbert Zahmf‘ﬂnd to“
us that thcrc had been a tremendous
increase in the cost of textbooks —-
particularly in transporting them. In
order to keep from passing the
increase onto the students. we
decided to lower UAS commission
to three and a half percent."

“I wouldn't say we lost money in
the change." Zahm added. “UAS is
just taking in less than before."

According to Task Force member
Steve Coplon. the three and a half
percent figure is a low one compared
to other schools the committee hits
studied.

"We think of our payment to UAS
as rent." said Bookstore Manager
(iary Dean. "When you‘re talking in
terms of eight. nine. or ten percent.
the figure is very unrcrilistg. (‘ould
you afford ten percent for rent?"

Since Follett is a university sub-
contractor. lIAS must pity the state
of New York 524.000 in rent

annually for the bookstore and
ludjaccnt trade store area space.
Zahm said that besides rent. UAS
must pay for all utilities. including
water. light. heat. air-conditioning

including

and phone service for the store out of
the three, and a half percent
commission.

We‘ve had no major problems
with Follett." said Zahm. “When
they ﬁrst took over from UAS (then
FSA) iri I97| we were losing a
quarter of ti million dollars a year. I
had surveyed various book
companies rind risked for bids frotn
Ifie three I felt were large enough to
deal with SUNYA. At the time UAS
needed cash and Follett was able to
provide it. Follett purchased the
inventory with cash up front."

Another provision in the contract
states that “all new textbooks.
paperback books and trade books
shrill be sold at publisher's list price"
and that "used textbooks shall be
sold at not riiorc than 75 percent of
the current list price."

According to Zahm. this IIICn'IS
that all publishers price books at a
certain level and Follett sells tltcin
accordingly. “If someone wants to
discount hooks. that’s tip to tltein he
added. You can't expect to sell below
it [publisher's retail prices] and cover
costs."

The real problem. according to

’I'EIIRAN. IRAN (Al’) Backers of
Ayatollah Rtiltollali Khomeini
struggled to kceptlieir revolutionary
victory from dissolving into anarchy
Monday. Bands of trigger-happy
civilians rampagcd jubilantly
throuin Tehran's streets firing
weapons into the air.

Khomeini urged followers to
avoid “arson. destruction and
cruelty." Ilc proclaimed that those
indulging in such acts diunhcyed
“Allah‘s orders and are traitors to
the Islamic movement."

But many bands of armed
Iranians. euphoric with their new
power. appeared out of control on
the first day after the fall ofthe shrill-
appointed government.

Khomeini aides asked civilians to
ttirii iii unauthorired weapons at

 

J

local mosques.

Chem Dept. Seeking A Leader

by David l’rlebe
and Nancy Gleason

The SU NYA Chemistry
Department has launched a search
for a new chair following the
resignation of the current chair. Dr.
Anthony Saturno. At the same time
the department is investigating the

 

 

 

procedural requirements for
reinstating its now defunct doctoral
program.

The Chemistry l’h.D. program
was eliminated in 1977 by a State
Education Department (SED)
budget cutback. According to Vice
President for Academic Affairs

 

Chomlalry Chalr Anthony Saturiio tins roslnned. but the department In
movlng ahead with new Ph. D. pIana. (Photo: 8am Terolll)

_ FEBRUARY 13, I979

 

David Martin. efforts are being
riirtde to regain certification for the
program. ‘

Mrtrtin said negotiations with the
State Education Department are at a
“very delicate" stage. SUNYA is
currently awaiting a reply from Slit)
astothecxactstepstobetakeninthe
Chemistry l’h.D. reinstatement
process.

As soon as the reply is received.
SUNYA will begin writing a
reinstatement request. Martin said.

Several experts from the
American Chemical Association
(ACA) were invited to visit the
university rind examine the
department ettrlier this year. Mrirtiri
said the experts’ report ﬁled
following an inspection last
September indieritcd that “it was
worthwhile for its [SUNYA] to go
through the rcregistration
procedure." "But first they
recommended sortie improvements
which would bolster otir case."
Martin added.

In response to that report. Martin
said tfic Chemistry Department will
be looking for it chair who will help
strengthen the department and who
will be it leader in the search for iiew
professors.

Saturno said he hopes the new
chair will be able to promote the
restoration ofthe doctoral program.

continued on pogt’ﬂve

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

amt».

The SUNYA bookalora'a pallet” and procedures are 90an it) be

  

evaluated by an 5A commlttoe. (Photo; Kart Chan)

both [altar and Dean is the actual
price oflcxthooks. "We think we see
the student's point." said Dean.
“ “my pay so much for their books
that they tltiiik soriiconc‘s making an
enormous profit. Ilut we're really
not."

State radio. quoting hospital
\pllkCNlIlcn. said Sunday‘s fighting in
Tehran killed 417 people rind
wounded 9K9. At least 200 otficrs
died in earlier weekend violence.

It was reported that 150 persons
were killed in the northeastern city of
labri/ and 44 iii the southern city of
Sliiral.

There were no reports of violence
against the estimated 7000
Aincrlcanri still in Iran.

In Washington. President Carter
said he had been in touch with the
government and “we stand ready to
work with them." At a news
conference. Carter said the new
government was “very helpful in
insuring the safety of Americans."

A contingent of ()9 U.S. Marines

left the United States and six Air
force helicopters left bases in
lauropc in case they are needed to
bolster the guard at the US.
Embassy in Tehran.
‘ At I‘ehriin's Intercontinental
lfotcl. base for the Western news
media. Khomeini supporters
protecting the hotel fought a
gtriibattle with insurgents who tried
to force their way in. Nobody was
reported hurt.

time to prepare for the crash.

lrere.

 

Singer Redbone Bruised

In Passenger Plane Crash

CLARKSBURG, W. Vri._ (AP) Singer Leon Redbonc. oneof 25
people on an Allegheny Airlines passenger plrinc that crashed Monday
in Bridgeport. says he was fortunate to escape with only bruises.
"I ache all over and my Iiip hurts. But nothing is broken as far as I
know." Redhone said from his hospital bed a few hours after the crash.
"At the moment. I feel like I'm 93." said Redbone. whats in his 305.
Two people were killed and 23 others were injured when the propjet
flipped rind crashed shortly after taking offinasnowstorm.
Redbone. a blues singer from New Hope. Pa.. said there was little

“All of ti sudden I was hanging upside down in the plane. It was a
metter of moments before the plane came down." he said. “Everybody
was disoriented. but no more than could be expected."

Redbonc was accompanied on the ill-fated ﬂight by his road
manager. Daniel Cronin. 27. of Santa Monica. Calif.. and clarinet
player Robert C. Gordon of New York City. The three were among
passengers held overnight for observation at United Hospital Center

(‘roiiin said the group performed Sunday in nearby Morgantown
rind was en route to Tampa. Fla.. for a few days rest before appearing
Lat the Westbury Music Fair in New York.

“The bookstore is comparable to
any other business." said Dean. “If
you ask Macy's how much they
make on rt pair ofglovcs or Firestone
how much they make on a battery,
you‘d see we're on about the same
level."

Iran In Turmoil: Marines Moving

Another armed group entered the
Hilton Hotel and ordered some 400
guests. ntany of them Americans. to
bring their luggiige tothelobbyto be
searched. The guests later were
allowed to return to their rooms.

Newspapers said 3500 felons
escaped from the country's largest
prison. 65 miles west ofTehran. after
insurgents opened the gates Sunday.

Two army generals ~ including
the former commander of Shrih
Mohammad Rcza l’ahlavi's
Imperial Guard ~—- were killed
during Sunday's violence. A third
general was found shot dead at his
Ironic Monday.

Supporters of Khomeini sealed off
I‘chran's airport. reportedly to
prevent officials of the shah's regime
from leaving the country.

There was no firm word on
llakhtirir'ii fate. but a highly placed
source told The Associrtted Press he
was under the protection of his old
friend Mehdi Bazargan, prime
minister of Khomeini‘s provisional
government. Bakhtiar reportedly
handed his resignation to Bazargan
Sunday‘after the military said it
would no longer support him.

 

 

PAGE THREE

 

