  

 

 

 

 

F7

 

 

  

  

VATICAN CITY (AP) Jesuit priests. expelled from China in
the early days of Communist rule. will return to Shanghai to
teach in a medical school. the leader of the order announced
yesterday. The Rev. Pedro Arrupe. who heads the Society of
Jesus, or the Jesuits. said that China recently contacted the
society in France and asked that the once Jesuit-operated
medical school of Aurora in Shanghai resume its activities.
China also said it would welcome back former professors.
said Arrupe. but he did not say when the order, known as the
Pope's “Black Army" would return to China. “The Jesuits
would be happy and wish to serve China as they used during
the last 400 years." said Arrupe. recalling the mission of St.
Francis Xavier. the closest companion of l6th century Jesuit
founder. St. lgnatius of Loyola. Jesuits are the only rtligion
that take a special vow of obedience to the Pope.

. w, orld news briefs. l
- o and television station. ‘The cease-fire in the town of .
  for Tlme  h Sanandaj, scene of most of the ﬁghting. was announced by
~ ' Radio Tehran. The radio said it was arranged bythe military
PARIS (AP) American femjnhtlcader Kate Mme“, shaken and leaders of the rival Sunni and Shiite Mosiem sects. In
by what she calledarenuyin'depomuon {mm "an, arrived Tehran, remnants of what once was the Persian Gail‘s m’ost
here yesterday and condgmm an new regime In Tehran u powerful army paraded in the streets inashow of support [or
«a Parody of mam. In “mm to mam he never been In Ayatollah Ruholiah Khomeini and the lslanucrevolgtion e
“mid in my whole me,» the “yum,” author of “Sexual led to topple the shah and his monarchy last mont .
Politics” told a news conference at Orly Airport after arriving
on an Air Iran ﬂight. Though not physically harmed, Ms.
Millett said she and her companion Sophie Keir, a freelance
journalist from Vancouver. B.C.. were held overnight in a ' '
guarded locked room before being deported for First  Tours Amenca
“provocations” against Iran's new Islamic republic. lranian
authorities were particularly miffed by her remark that SPRINGFIELD MASS AP mm Lad K
s . . . . - osal n Carter
Ayatullah Ruhollah Khomeim. the 'tt'chltecl of the Iranian “rived yum“; to hon; pruc who; voluzmzn' bu.
. u . .
"Vdmwn' w” a male chﬂuv'm"'" before leaving she had given an interview to a sixth grade
newswoman. joined a West African folkdanee and told flag-
 to Return to China waving students all about their contemporary. Amy Carter.
Springfield was the ﬁrst of four stops on Mrs. Carters
national tour to honor and promote community volunteer
efforts. Wearing a big red-and-white “volunteerl” button,
Mrs. Caner was greeted by several thousand students at New
North Elementary School, a “magnet” school in this city‘s
racial balance busing program. Most of those who asked
questions wanted to know about ll-year—old Amy. who
attends school in Washington.

 

 

Alimony Questioned in Court

WASHINGTON (AP) The Supreme Court called into
question yesterday a New York lawthat subjects some father

w but no mothers — to paying all legal costs involved in
child custody ﬁghts. The court told New York courts to
restudy the law in light of the high court‘s March 5 decision
striking down its unconstitutional state laws that provide
alimony payments only for women. The action, therefore.
casts a cloud over the validity ofthat section ofthe New York
domestic relations law dealing with counsel fees in custody
ﬁghts. The March 5 ruling on alimony was based on the
justices‘ belief that such laws foster impermissible sex
discrimination against men. The test case came in an appeal
New York City lawyer Theodore Q. Childs ﬁled on behalfof
himself last May.

Feminist Departed From m

TEHRAN. IRAN (AP) An uneasy cease-ﬁre settled over
northwestern lran yesterday night after a day of battles
between Kurdish rebels and forces of lran's new
revolutionary government. Reports from the scene said at
least I70 persons were killed and that rebels held the radio

 

'wxsnmoron (AP) Egypt's Defense Minister said

Egypt Concerned With Aidw

yesterday he thought Saudi Arabia would wait to see how the
Middle East peace process develops before deciding whether
to continue financial aid to Egypt. Kamal Hasan Ali told
reporters that Egypt receives about $2 billion annually from
Arab oil producers, with three-fourths of it coming from the
Saudis. Both the United States and Egypt have sent
diplomatic missions to Saudi Arabia in the past week in an
effort to forestall a quick condemnation of the treaty which
Egypt and Israel have tentatively agreed upon. The Saudis
went to an Arabsummit meeting last fall after the signing of
the Camp David accords and agreed to a program of
sanctions agath Egypt in the event of a treaty with lsrael.
But. Ali said. “Saudi Arabia is always moderate. it thinks a
lot before making a decision." He added. hOWever. that
Egypt has been given no assurances of continued aid by the
Saudis.

Treaty Approved by Cabinet

JERUSALEM (AP) The lsraeli Cabinet took its last historic
step toward peace with Egypt yesterday. approvingthe treaty
nailed down by President Carter and passing it on to
Parliament for ratiﬁcation. But there were fresh signs that
post-treaty talks on Palestinian autonomy could run into
serious problems, and lsrael reportedly was dissatisﬁed with
US. offers of new economic and military aid. The
Parliament debate on the treaty begins Tuesday and the vote
is expected Wednesday. after a meeting that may be the
longest and one of the most emotional everin that body. The
treaty is expected to be endorsed by l000r more votes in the
ITO-member house. Then Prime Minister Menuchcm Begin
wrll sign the treaty in Washington with Egyptian President
Anwur Sadat, closing a 30—year chapter of bloodshed and
enmity between the two nations. The exact timing of the
ceremony is expected to be announced after the Parliament
vo c.

 

. . J

 

 

 

 

 

(i
Campus Conflagration

 

   
    

A small brush ﬁre of unknown origin began mid Sunday
afternoon opposite the campus lake near the originally
planned site of the ﬁeldhouse. Eye witnesses reported that the
ﬁre spread rapidly in an easterly direction due to the wind.
nearly catching nearby trees. The incident was reported by
security officer Masterson upon seeing smoke.
McKnownville ﬁre department was summoned and the ﬁre .

was under control in about ten minutes. No serious damage ‘
two trees or brush around the lake was reported.

 

   
  
  
 

  

    

      
   
  

 

  

Leadership Training

  
   

Tired of student apathy. communication problems and
ineffective leaders? SASU and the US Student Association
have joined forces in combating these problems. in
developing the New York Leadership institution. a trainee
program designed to develop leadership skills. The
leadership institution . which will be held in Syracuse from
April 27 to 29 is open to all New York students who have an
interest in learning how to be effective leaders.

Leading the weekend program is Elliot Music of the
National Humanistic Education Center. Much of the
weekend at the institute will be spent in workingsliops rind
jiiskforces dealing with common student problems such as
getting and keeping peopli- invoiced, cornmuniiition.
counteracting apathy. public rt..itions and decision making.
linsic tips on lending and speaking before orginii/ntions,
negotiations and lobbying skills will also he give. along with u
special session entitled "How to prevent burn-out student
leaders."

The Institution hopes that the special weekend will provide
students with the skills to use in the roles of student leaders in
the present and in other situations that could be faced in the
future. Further information about registration for this
program can be obtained by calling SASU

  
   
  
   
 
 
   
  
   
  
    
   
  
   
    
  
  
    
       
  
  
  
  
  
 

w

Sorry About That

An unfortunate mistake at the Stony Brook
Undergraduate Admissions Ofﬁce resulted in the sending of
over l.000 acceptance letters to potential Stony Brook
students. when in reality they had not even been considered
for admission. According to Stony Brook's Statesman. this
mishap was the result of a “human error." in that a clerk who
orders mailing labels to be placed on envelopes of the
admitted. uccidcntly ordered the labels for all applicants
(whether accepted or not). Thus. many students who may not
have ordinarily been accepted into Stony Brook received
congratulatory letters expressing the school's pleasure in
their acceptance. Crews working on mailing lists have
determined that around [.500 of the 7.678 applicants were
erroneously notiﬁed.

Undergraudatc Admissions Director. David Frisbee. has
sent out letters to all applicants who have been notiﬁed of
their acceptance. This letter apologised for the mishap and
told students to wait for further notice pending their
acceptance.

 

When It Rains, It Leaks

liver wonder how it school lllill was designed for u warmer
climate like SUNYA is holding up in the face of an upstate
wintcr'.’ The answer is fairly well considering the odds against
lllc upkccping of such a large school. Don King of
Maintenance reports that although there was it lcukiigc
problem earlier this winter in the lecture ccntcrs (particularly
l,(‘ 7 iind l.(‘ 20) there have not been greater maintenance
problems this year than iii previous years.

Since ilic podium is such a large walking concrete surface.
there is shilling and moving difficulty. Also. milking failures
are ll result of bad weather. Over the years. Maintenance has
worked on many projects to correct leakage and crumbling
problems. King said there were “built in" maintenance
problems at SUNYA r A sortie due to the weather such as
writer freezing in cracks and their expanding.

 

 
 

 

 

k

_________ ______~£sunya news briefs

 

 

 

 

   

PAGE TWO ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

MARCH 20, I979

 

 

 

 
   

i...  r

"WM—WW“..- ......._.—.v.....

i i

.un.

 

F ink To Iron Out Flaws
In Budgetary Petition

by Janet Shea

Assembly Speaker Stanley Fink
met with SASU representatives last
week to “iron out.‘ the language ofa
budgetary petition which would
protest the tuition increase. The
petition will be circulated in the
legislature to gain support from
assembiymen and senators. “Fink
will probably want signatures on the
petition from a majority in the
Senate before he will push for the
$9.1 million SUNY needs to avert a
tuition hike." said SASU vice-
president Campus Affairs Larry
Mullin.

“The budgetary petition is in
Fink's hands; we will go by what he
says. We‘ve heard that Governor
Carey is not our ally; he does not
want any more money from the
budget to be given to SUNY." said
Mullin.

in a series of meetings with Fink
last week SASU Legislative Director
Larry Shellinger discussed the
wording of many issues in the
peition. according to SASU
President Steve Allinger.

Ailinger said that some of the
main issues of the petition include,
“Where the money for SUNY should
come from in the budget, how much

 

Dave Heisman has be
More jazz "my be offered.

r——§Ui‘lWi §L|C€§ OF LIFE
Communal Student Living In 4 & 2

This is Ihi'ﬁrsl in a series oforlh'lt's
on the ill/ﬂuent lifestyles available to
the (Mi-rumpus SUN YA student.
The ili'jinilr‘on of ins-rumpus student
will by expanded to lilt'llltlt‘ sm‘h
(lll’t'llt'rS tl.\‘ those at the Wellington
unil nl Pittman Hall, inulhc coming

weeks.

by Wendy Greenﬁeld

The communal dorm 4+2. located
in iridiiiri Quud'il Muhicun lliill.
offers on alternate living
environment which emphasizes
group interaction and development
of ii community atmosphere. 4+21s u
self-governing residence hall whose
members riuikc their own decisions
on the dorm‘s housing. limince. lliltl

ticlivities

   
   

. lllltl decisions. Boll

 

dorm po
play it buck ritt rolt'.

......-....-........

 

MARCH 20. I979

iii'tiiig its

money is needed — will a particular
ﬁgure of money be speciﬁed in the
petition; if Assembly members will
take the money needed by SUNY to
avert a tuition hike fromelsewhere in
the SUNY budget."

Both Allinger and Shellinger
indicated that they would like to
have Fink's approval of the petition
before circulating it within the
Legislature. but they do not wish to
delay its circulation much longer.

“Regardless of the outcome of
these meetings with Fink. we will
begin circulating the petition next
week. i think that can be said with a
good degree of certainty.” said
Shellinger.

“The second the petition is
created. we will go to the leaders of
the Assembly and put pressure on
them." said SASU Legislative
Assistant Jim Stern.

“We will head mainly for the
Assembly Democrats. We want to
get to the majority of Fink‘s party as
they are the ones who put him in
office. although we also plan to hit
everyone in the Senate.” said
Allinger.

“Regardless of the petition. we
luch Fink‘s support; it has become
apparent in the last couple of days

en reelected as WCI)B's General Manager.

Photo: Sum Amman

advisor. “Townc Meetings." held
every Tuesday night at l0:00.
determine the goals and policies of
the dorm. Decisions are based upon
it majority vote.

Established in l97l. 4+2 was
originally in Onondaga-Oneida Hall
on indian. where it declined with the
graduation of its founders. in 1974.
however. interest picked up again
and the 4+2 experiment was re—
established in Mahican Hall.

During these early years. 4+2 had
functioning committees on Finance.
Activities. Special Events,
(‘ommiuiioutiom rind u Committee
on the interior which reviewed all
proposals for constitutional
iiiiicndmcnts. Presently. the Special
Events Committee is the only major

“1C IHHIW 4’2 is (“lined by "it functioning committee.
four ("st Community. Cooperation.
Communication lilltl Concern and
the two R‘s: Responsibility and
Relevance. The dorm director rind
the RA should not interfere with

Due to apathy and a lack of
interest. 40 2 may not exist next year.
According to Resident Assistant
tRA) llort Siikiiguclii three major
problems occurred in 4+2 this your.
1 “t ‘liqui-s illC ll major problem." he
mid. " There Were iilwnys cliques but

that the petition is not needed to
cement any relationship with the
Assembly Speaker. but is needed to
push legislative members to vote for
the S9.l million that SUNY needs."
said Shellinger.

SASU also said that some
members of the Senate have shown
support for the budgetary petition.

“A bill has just been introduced~

into the Senate by Senator
Bernstein. Ranking Democrat on,
jthe Committee of Finance. to
iprohibit a tuition increase in the
;SUNY and CUNY systems,"
according to Shellinger.

James Emery has expressed a
willingness to add money to SUNY‘s
budget. He considers SUNY a gem
of the state, and is willing to cut
money from other parts of the state
budget to insure quality and
accessibility of higher education in
New York State." said Allinger.

“Liivalle says he has explored
every avenue of ﬁnding money to
avert the tuition increase. but hejust
doesn‘t think the money is in the
state budget for SUNY." said
Shellinger.

Shellinger commends SUNY
students for the lobbying effort they
have exerted over legislators in the
past month. "We’ve had about 500
students lobbying; the impact has
been considerable; we've been the
most vocal lobby group this year."

Shellinger said that the letter-
writing campaign has had a great

    

impact on the Legislature and that
the planned March 21st student
protest against the tuition increase
will probably have it strong effect on
the Legislature‘s decision.

"We will continue our lobbying
and focus our attention on the
lenders in the Legislature. We will

SASU President Steve Alllnler met state officials on the budget petition.
Pushing legislalorr 10 vote. Photo: are new

meet with Senate Majority Leader
Warren Anderson to get his position
on the budget and the tuition
increase.“ said Shellinger.

“Until April 1. which is the
deadline for the passing of the
budget. things will be unsettled."
claims Shellinger.

Reisman Is WCDB’S Chief Again

by M. .i. Memmott

WCl)“ General Manager Dave
Rcisman was reelected last
Wednesday night to serve another
year as the SUNYA radio station‘s
chief. Reisman was given the vote of
conﬁdence by the members of
WCDB‘s Executive Committee. and
it few of the station's general
members who qualified to vote.

Reismun is the first General
Manager elected under WCDB's
constitution. According to Reisman.
the constitution was drriwn up while
the stiiion's first General Manager.
Paul Roscntbul was there.

His duties are varied Reisman
said. “its tough to describe easily."
be said. "l have administrative duties
such as appointing department
heads. i keep in contact with outside
agencies such as the Federal
Communications Commission and
the various SUNYA Deans. Plus. l
have to keep an eye on things within

this year they aren't as
approachable. Another problem is
that some transfer and freshmen
students here are not into what the
dorm means  Apathy is it lot
more damaging in this dorm than in
other dorms. In 4+2 it is not the RA's
responsibility to plrin activities."

By April lst 4t2 must know ifthcy
will exist next year. Sakuguchi said
there are two options now: 4+2 will
remain in Mahican Hall if i00
students show an interest; if not. it
will move to the top two ﬂoors of
Mohawk Tower. There must be 37
students interested for 4+2 to move
to the Tower. if this happens.
Mnhicun llitll will revert to a regular
dorm.

An RA last year in Cayuga.
Sukuguchi said the two dorms are
not much alike. “There are different
attitudes in 4+2." he said, "there is u
lot more interest. Personalities are
more varied, I like this dorm. lfi was
going to live on campus next year.
l'd live here."

Donny Kate. ii senior resident ol

WCDB."

The appointment of any new
department heads will have to be
done by May 1. Reisman said. but he
“started talking to people about it

a...
y Reisman said ‘hc “ happy mm the
progress the year-old station has
made. and proudly pointed to a
survey WCDB conducted as proof
they are headed in the right
direction.

“We took it random sampling of
312 students. and on a scale of l-S.
most fell in the good to excellent
range." he said. A majority of the
respondents to the survey also said
they listen to WCDB "regularly".
siiid Reismun. The survey was
coridtictcd with the aid of n
marketing student.

The General Manager. Chief
iiiiginecrnd Program Director iirc
piiid stipends accordingto Reisman.
However. the policy at WCi)B has

4t2 for four yClll‘h. compared this
year's dorm to four years ago. "The
physical make-up was mostly uppci
Cilltilillicli. There were it lot more
activities; people were initiating
more. Leadership was strong. The
type of people here were free-spirited
people who stood out in it crowd.
They were cxtroverts who did no
want to be run by the uni'Icrsit
Now spirit has diminished. People
iirc losing interest in 4+2 because it is
not longer offering an alternate
living environment. Right now4+2 is
not offering anything besides a
mime. The dorm can offer the
opportunity for students to run their
own life. Now they want the RA's to
rim the dorm. They are letting the
university trike care of us."

Jill Diriowitr. a sophomore who
lived in Montauk Hall last year, said
she liked Montauk better. “We never
felt pressured if we didn't
participate. Here i am put down ifi
don't purticiptttc. The people who
rim the dorm are it clique. They run
the dorm how they like it. This is not
what a community dorm should he
like. The idea is good but it's not run
right."

According to Mitiiicrin lluil llnd
Mohawk Tower dorm director lid

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

been to split the stipends further to
also include the News and Public
Affairs Director. the Music
Director. the Sports Director. the
Production Director and the
Operations Director.

“l and the other two stipended
people on the staffdidn‘t think it was
fair that we get paid when there are
others who work just as hard," said
Rcismari. “So, we each agreed to
split our stipends with the other
people. SA however. has only
recognilcd those three positions as
warranting stipends.”

Reisninn said that a sports talk
show is u future possibility for the

station. tllltl that “a little morcjuzz
may be offered."

The general members who
qualified to vote in the General
Manager elections did so by
attending ill least one weekly
executive meeting Li month.
according to Reismiin.

Spiiustcr. indian Quad becameN
popiiliir because of 4+2. He said the
dorrii concentrated on social and
political activities. “Most of the
politically active people were living
in the dorm." sttid Spauster.

"People who Were different were
tolerated. 4+2 nttructed people
interested in the arts. There were a
lot more English. Psychology. and
Sociology majors.“ Spaustcr was
dorni director for Montnuk Hall last
year. "In 4+2." he said. "people talk
riiorc intellectually."

"The problem with 4+2 this year
was that the new people in the dorm
Were not clearly told what #2 is all
about." Spauster said. “There
weren't leaders. as in past years,
willing to take things in hand. This:
year lwcllly spots were left open forr
freshmen rind transfers who didn‘ti
choose to be there. We could have:
ﬁlled most of those spots. Of any
other program in SUNYA.4+2is the
most necessary. it gives people it
t‘liuncc to find their own interests
and to riicct various kinds of
people."

Signs are being put up on all quads
getting people to join 4+2. “M2 is us
good as people molt-"vii." Spitustcr

 

said. “It needs leadership.“

PAGE mm

A

  
   
   
  
  
 
 
  
 
   
  
 
 
 

  
  
  
   
    
  
  
  
   
 
 
  
     
  
 

   

