  
  
    
   
   
  

        
      
    
    
    
    
     
         
      
   

  

 
 
  

  

   

       
  

  

. v. -~ . we»:-
M‘.eu”MWJv-Ie

rhﬁmmﬂ.” two --~

 

)

 

 

 

 

AEany Great Dane VarSity

,Football at

Southern ConnecticUt

State College

Join the 91 FM Sports team as they provide you

with the live coverage from
Bowen Field In New Haven

Alrtlme: Saturday'at 1:20 PM

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

“ Watch Your Radial

wou be for Neil Young to give it up.

. cert films are generally only as good as

concerts they record. Even The Last.
3 z, perhaps the only concert ﬁlm to be

"- I by a major director, Martin Scorsese,
d probably not have had much impact if
Band had screwed up the show. Of
- e, even a good concert can be turned
. bad ﬁlm: witness some of the Hendrix
that are “newly discovered" from time to

  

 
   
  

       
  

nt one), films that don‘t even
ronise sound with picture at times. Rust
Sleeps succeeds, in part. because the
rt itself is a full-blown production. The
l gins with the “road-eyes" clambering
' = in their robes, making a lot of noise to
: a few props in a scene that looks like a
-a'ge version of Monty Python's Holy
Directed by Bernard Shakey (a Young
nym. the film is billed as "a Shakey
' ction“), most of the cinematography is
in the acoustic set, the stage action

  
  

 
 
     
     
  
 

  

  

 
 
 

’(more likely recut from outtakes of a '.

calls the shots. with the camera showing what
catches the audience’s eye. The electric set
contains no visual klinkers, but the camera
adds nothing to the momentum; this may be a
bit much to ask of a concert ﬁlm, but
considering the work Young put into the
visuals of the show itself, it seems like a
missed opportunity. No real crime. though:
Neil Young's cinematic style parallels his
musical style, raw and highly expressive; he
makes his share of small errors, but the
momentum of the film keeps us from dwelling
on them.

Most producers of concert ﬁlms content
themselves with recording the performance
and making sure each musician gets his share
of closeups. Rust Never Sleeps is an
exception, as Young uses the camera to give
us a better look at his art. In the wake of The
Last Waltz and The Kids Are Alright, the film
history of the Who, maybe it's an exception
that will become a new convention.

* Innocence: Italian

It" all happens next
week CD

on
" QIFIJ'

Don’t Forget

_ Albany Great Dane Football!
Live Coverage from New Haven
begins Saturday at 1 :20 pm

 

 

 

 

 

University
Concert Board

I as... E

y Weekly Meeting
Monday Sept 24

CC Assembly Hall 10:00PM

 

 

 

 

Get Caught In

o

It’s set in the Patroon  on the 2nd
ﬂoor of the Campus Center

Grand Re-opening
Fri Oct 5 &Sat9916

s-,. A ’

  
 

 

 

 

 

 

Neil Young: A man-child in a world grown too big, too consuming, and too rusty.

Forever
, Young

Rock audiences have a special place in their
hearts for brash young toughs and beaming
young manchild types: Mick Jagger’s greatest
point of appeal just might be his insistence on
being the same punk he was fifteen years ago,
and we'll forgive Paul McCartney because
he's the cheerful Beatle, and has remained
cheerful over the years. Even as American
audiences mightily panned the Sex Pistols,
they devoured every outrageous press
release about Sid Vicious and Johnny Rotten,

 

Rube Cinque

 

Neil Young is probably the most
remarkable of rock's prodigies; he's been
through it all, from the birth and death of the
Woodstock Generation to heavy dues-paying
through much of the 1970’s, and he's still as
spacey as ever. Or is he? Rust Neuer Sleeps.
the film of Neil Young's most recent concert
tour (to promote the album of the same
name), gives us Young in short hair
suspenders and T-shirt dwarfed onstage by
set consisting of a twelve-foot microphone
stand and proportionally large amplifiers. His
first words to the audience, after performing
“Sugar Mountain", “I Am a Child", “Comes a
Time", and “After the Gold Rush"on acoustic
guitar, are “When I get big, l'm gonna get an
i electric guitar."

 

I It would be highly reassuring to take that
image at face value. After all, “this is the story
of Johnny Rotten" (“Out of the Blue"). But
when Young comes out for the electric set
with Crazy Horse, the seeds of doubt are
planted. On a stage abuzz with “road-eyes"
wearing hooded robes with orange neon eyes

w-“ __._.._ __s_ .____~____,

 

a game-show‘lype emcee takes the
microphone to announce the results of
research that has determined that "all bands
rust", and that we will see a band rust before
our very eyes. Incidentally, this is one of the
better cinematic sequences, as the lighting
turns orange and the filmstock becomes
grainier, actually giving the picture a rusted
look. The rust doesn‘t remain, but Neil Young
begins to look more and more his age. Where
during the acoustic set, the camera captured
(thanks to some closeups of an awed Young)
the childlike serenity of the Woodstock
ideal, the electric set contains long shots that
try to dwarf the musicians against the
imposing set, and it doesn't work. Young no
longer looks like an innocent, nor does he
sound like one. It is in this part of the filr ‘hat
he sings, “And Ijust turned twenty-two.“

Rust Nvuer Sleeps chronicles Young’s
career, from “Sugar Mountain", which he
wrote at eighteen , to songs from the new
album, including “Out of the Blue". Young
asserts that “it's better to burn out than to
fade away," which means, thank God, that at
least he’s not going down without a fight. Neil
Young reaches deep into the gut for his
music: his singing voice in general
particularly as emphasized during the second
half of the film, is a pained one. And where
Dylan might succumb to a cause~of~tlie~
montlrclub flightiness (he really went out of
his way for Reuben Carter, huh?), Young is a
much more careful artist, choosing his words
economically rather than burying the listener
under the weight of his ideas. Young's gift for
understatement only intensifies the moods of
his work; the worst thing that could happen to

 
  

i 2 Italian lov
: Wherever they made lead him.

  
  
 

racters, especially in the case of Tullio,
, ho always remains a bit of an enigma.
~glhether he believes some of the rubbish he
'V ms at times or is merely talking off the top
~ this head is never completely clear. Many of
'e characters seem at times to be unsure of
‘reir motivations, and as a result often
1 ' ntradict themselves. To be sure, Tullio is
r" ways selfserving, and his actions destroy
lot only his life, but Giuliana's as well.
Visconte’s direction wavers in the film,
which is often uneven. He is strongest in the
earlier segments of the film, using gorgeous
. a very
irrich visual texture. In these sequences he also
creates Strong tensions by intercutting
moving close-ups of faces, particularly in
sequences with Tullio and the contessa. In
the best of these, Gianini’s face becomes a
director's dream, almost bestial. The camera
stalks Giannini, as he glances furtively
,1 around, sometimes disconcertingly aware
that we are watching him. Seldom has the
voyeurism inherent in the medium been more
intense.

With so much going for it, it remains a
mystery why the second half of the film, which
has the lion's share of sex and violence, bogs
down so interminably. The script seems to
cover the same ground over and over, long
after the point is made. The camera loses its
angle; we don’t get as close to the characters,
who become less and less likable. The
pervasive background score which so
enhanced the first half of the film becomes
monotonous and even irritating. By the time

 
     
 
         
       
 

  
 
    
    
 
       
 

      
       
     
     

     
 

..,
or
‘o
:r
'C
o
3
o.
E‘
m
:r
U'
53
U“
...
o
n
a
a:
9:
m

    
    
 
    
    
       

 

’ . ‘ii‘i: . ’ .. ,
er at his best. Giancarlo Giannini pursues the

    

“I I, . ' 4 

My My, Hey Hey Neil Young is here to stay.

Style

As L'InnocentefThe Innocent) is the last d
film by Italian director Luchino Visconte, it
has generated somewhat more critical

attention then it might otherwise. Even so, it
could hardly be ignored, allowing Visconte's
reputation and the presence of star Giancarlo

Jim Dixon

 

  

vagrancics of his heart

the depressingly futile conclusion is reached,
few viewers are apt to care.

As a filial work, we would have hoped for
more. As it is, I.’Innocente is an unsatisfying
Conclusion to an important career.
Nonetheless, it is an interesting examination
of human relationships and their sexual
tensions, the sort of thing Visconte has done
so many times before. .

Possibly because of this, this summer has
seen the rerelease of several other Visconte
films in the metropolitan New York area,
including The Damned, Death In Venice, and
Boccaccio 70. The rise in popularity of Laura
Antonelli has also caused several of her other
films, including Malicious, Til! Marriage Do
Us Part (she plays an orphan who
inadvertantly marries her long-lost brother in
this), and Wilemistress, a fairly interesting
romantic drama about a woman discovering
her missing husband's secret life while he
watches from a window across the street.
Wifemistress is currently playing in the
Capital District.

Fans of more sophisticated films should
find L'Innocente and Wi/emistress interesting
evenings. Both are playing currently at
Cinema National theatres in the area.
L‘Innocente is in Italian with English subtitles,

Wifemisfress is dubbed. Since many of the
year's most promising projects aren't due to
open until October or later, these are two of
the only films likely to please those
moviegoers who have already seen Breaking
Away.

___'___'__.____

Giannini,

who since his work for Lina

Wertmuller in Swept Away and Sewn t
Beauties, has
actor. One pleasant result of this attention 1
reconciliation.

become a muchlwralrlm’. t

has been the emcrgance in America of LEIUTH
Antonelli, (me of Italy's fast. st~rising stars.

In her previous films, many of them minor
sex~comedies, Ms. Anionelli has often played
the innocent girl whom the script will find a
reason to strip of all her Earthly possessions,
chiefly her clothing. (Her first film role was in
The Sexual Reuolution, a work considered by
most film theorists to fall slightly short of
perfection.) Lately, however, she has gained a
more delicate image, and in her most recent
films. Wi/eniislress and I. 'lnnocr’nlr), slw
barely disrobes at all onscreen.

In L’Innocente, she plays a victim. The film

The fact that “I Love Lucy" brutalizes the
minds of its cult followers of the '705 into
thinking Cuba is still a neat country that Ricky
is allowed to come back to, and that Fred and
Ethel are still alive, does not keep local
television stations from displaying this
pornography for public view. I take into case a
study done by the State University of
Sweden, on the effects of “I Love Lucy" on
people who watch it regularly. In this study
based on interviews with inmates, "I Love
new to promote misconceptions.

susan Albert

First there IS I Love Lucy herself(interA
pretated by the very fine Lucille F53!” ~tat
does she symbolize? A “red” at the time when
McCarthyism is at its pinnacle,a woman of
Scottish descent at a time when there are no
women of Scottish descent, it is amazing that

t I Love Lucy survives at allr Yet she is a
survivor. She survives and keeps on surviving
on reruns even though her husband does not
let her work as an entertainer in his nightclub.
It is quite obvious in every scene of the series
that she is more talented than Rickyfplayed
very effectively by Desi Arnez).

The fact that “I Love Lucy" came into
power before Castro's regime, still does not
explain the appearance of Ricky Ricardo. Did
Ricky forsee the socialist revolution heading

 

for Cuba when he came into the United .
___________.___—

triangle centering around a married libertine
named Tullio (Giancarlo Giannini), his wife,

 

eals with an unusual and complex love-

Guiliana (Antonelli), and a high-spirited
contesso, assuming that Giuliana accepts
flit'ir relationship on its new terms as easily as
he does. Giuliana’s silence on the matter fools
him into thinking this is really the case. In the
meantime, Giuliana has an affair with a
handsonu- young writer. When Tullio learn.C ‘
of this, he finds himself becomingjealous an
ailing in low with Giuliana all over angiin. She,
itJWFVL‘l', has gotten pregnant by her new
over. Nonetheless, Tullio insists on their

 

 

 

  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
    
  

The second half of the film details their
reconciliation, which is hampered by
Giuliana's lack of enthusiasm (and her
continuing devotion to her absent lover),
Tullio's resentment of her child, and his
peripheral obssession with the contesso.
That these factors cause problems is an
understatement. The eventual death of
Giuliana's lover only heightens her
resentment and hastens the deterioration of
their marriage.

The script (on
collaborated) provides

 

which Visconte
interesting

States to marry the zany I Love Lucy? Is
Ricky a misfortune seeker who brings
warning(i.e. "I yie yie yie yie”) wherever his
travels as a mildly sucessful but middle class
entertainer take him?

There are only a few characters the
Ricardos communicate with in the grotesque
“505. There is Betty, a repulsive interior
decorator, There is Little Ricky, the son, who
the Ricardos only talk towhen Mrs. Crumble,
the babysitter, can't come. There are the
Mertz's Fred and Ethel.

What the Ricardos can't realize because
they are so blinded by the social disease of
their society, is that Fred and Ethel(played
vividly by dead character actors) are dead.
The Mertzs try repeatedly to warn the
Ricardos of this fact by trying to stay out of
zany schemes, though not succeeding. i

Perhaps the Ricardos find it easier to cope-
with dead landlords than pay the rent. Yet
there can be seen another motivation for the
Ricardos to have dead best friends.

The Mertzs are given the responsibility of

taking care of the apartment, taking care of

the chickens in Connecticut, and taking care
of Ricky's band on travels in Europe. With the
Mertzs dead, nothing is taken care of. Chaos
results. The Ricardos are able to dismantle
society with zany schemes. In this way the
Ricardos avoid the actualities of their society
by making new actualities that unfortuner
will be ‘rerunned forever.

, .

 

 

    
         
    

 

.A“__\_\ ~
so...”
A

 

 

