  
  
 
 
   
   
   
    
   
  

 
 
 

riders

 

 

 

      
    
    
     
 
 
   

    

  

:e' “is:
by Lewis J.W G
Over the past several years. economic crises
have placed a heavy burden upon uttr
lifestyles. With double tligit inflation
constantly a threat. we have come economic
conservatives. No more long car trips.
Inflation has tttttdc tlte ,sccontl vacation go the
way of tlte [i scl. ()l‘cvcry dollar “C earn. it
seems that llttclc Sam takes a larger hitc each
time. Most itttportrtrtlly. good jobs are at it
premium. Consequently. \ic can rto lottch
afford the cxlt'atagartccs \thIch \\t‘I'U It
parent's birthrights. iill‘ golden tlrcam oi
\mcricart opportunitt has hct'tt tainted “iii!
copper. l.ilo.-c\t:r"\'thutg clsc totIa).II has been
detained.
lhis uncertainty and iL‘lIl Ittts tltttcn
\Ittcticart college students “III! .I pt.It'ntatIc
panic. .\o longer Is a sttttlt tli [liltitlstt])il_\,llllt'
.lll\, tll sttctolog) L'tllisltit'lt'ti t't'rtrttutttcnli)
lcasthlc. ltkcutsc. IlII-It' |I.ts hct'tt t’l llltllist'ti
Increase Ill tltc nIIntbt-t tli ltcshtttzttt \‘lilttiillltl
ts prospectitc httstttt'ss tttItttIts Ilttstttt'ss.
along with other "catcct ottcttlctl" ttIatots.
mean a tub. .t\nil ;l Ioli ts \\ilt'|L' It‘s .It
lhts phenomenon has lctl to the problem to
Much I address thts csstt). .\ L’lliit‘gt‘
t'dttcatiott. \\c i'ecl. itt\o|\cs ntot c than lilt‘lL‘i)
ntcntttri/ing lacts. i‘lllliiL‘lttlliiL‘. It cottrsc til
study aimed at making a student ptottcicut in
only one area is. iIt incl. a lack ol ctlttcttttott
Students who do ttot take courses ttt areas
outside tltcir majors are not tcccuing the lull
benefit of a college CtillL‘tltltlll. We are not
specifically referring to business tttaiors. ltt
lttcl. the School of Business is :I pctlcct
example ol‘thc positivcettects oi ttppiit‘ti (‘orc
curriculum. Instead. i call illi‘JIllltlll ill
students oi'all majors wltnlrclttse to consider
college as an educational process httt who.
instead. see it as It \ocutional training
tttsttttttc.
Accordingly. we propose that It Ittttdtlictl ('ote
(‘urriculurtt be instituted at lltis llttitct'sity.
\‘.('.l..E. (The Standing ('outtttittcc on
lihcrttl liducation) has itncsligatctl such It
\rogram. A pilot study set up by S.('.l .li. will
It\'olvc three-hundred incoming -|l‘L‘\itl||‘tlll.
Uach participating student will take one
'oursc l’rom l’out‘ oi six designach atcns ol
tudy each oi their ﬁrst tour semesters.
'1 ltc six areas oi study arc: sytttholics ( RCO.
hiath. Languages). rtatttral sciences. sttL‘iili

r

NOW Tﬂé‘f FIND OUT

 

F’EIFFER

sciences. literature anti fine arts. cultures ol~

€COTCH CﬁUSES CMCER.

tltc past. and Analysis and Synthesis ol~
Values.

The goal of the courses is to develop skills
within the ar'as (i.c. conceptual understan-
ding. technical skill) while the irttcgraliort ol
Iltc areas dcvclopcs a unity the unin that
becomes tlte basis ol art education. l’tlttcatuut
Is the key: that Is our Mdrttilttstrators.
I'acuh). atttl most lllptlllilllli)‘. students)
purpose. A more complete education. as
tttcthtatcd b) a core. Is the goal or should

hope to teach.

 

 

 

 

()pponcnts claim that tltts program might

 

Itttpctlc itttli\idual initiatiw. lhc_\ lccl it is not
the tuncitttn ol the ltt\ct'sit)‘ to mandate “hat
a student might ot tttigltt not sltltl). Students
\\ ho show no Interest III a ctItItsc_ ot' course ttl
study. will hardly gain lront :Icti\c
participation itt it. A (‘otc ctttt'ictthtttt. itt this
light. uoultl he of little educational mine.

We lccl tltis is ttnt It \alid :tt'gutttenl. It is.
indeed. thc function of the l'ttitctsil)‘ to
gttidc stutlcttts, Administrators and faculty
with llltll'L' c\pcricttcc In tltc higth
ctlucatiouttl process arc better equipped to
tlltlist.‘ sttclt decisions. pto\ idcd tltcrc is stttdcnl
Inpttt throughout.

ltt cottclttsiott. we feel that it is the
responsibility oi the lltti\ct'sit_\' to :tdrttinistcr
I progruttt that ctttphasi/cs tt liberal arts and
sciences cote. We applaud the efforts ol
\.('.l .l". and hope that tltc pilot program \\ ill
be espatulcd and itttplcntcnlctl lltti\ct’sit_\'

 

 

u idc.

SCOTCH CAUSES CANCER .
l

 

I

Council Replies

To the Editor:

At this time, as Chair and Vice-Chair of
Central Council. we feel it is necessary to cor-
rect certain misconceptions characterized In
the editorial “The Rut". We feel that these
characterizations not only irresponsibly miss-
ed many important points. but also that they
were in fact oblivious to what the realities of
the subject they were treating can be to
students. ,

The fact is, that in l979 we have one of the
largest potential organized student voices in
University governance in the Northeast. To
say that anything that is accomplished is done
by a select few wlto attain limited suceess is to
igrtore the fact that studettts here enjoy the
institutionalizatiott of 22 seats on University
Senate (and probably twice as many on the
Senate‘s variotts councils). a majority of l7
seals on UAS' board of directors. ctc.. in ad:
dition to-thc 34 elected to Central Council
(and probably 3 times tltat rttatty involved on
it's cottttttittees and projects). ’l‘hcy and
others are hopefully being led by the leader-
.sltip core to which you refer, for tltis is trtre
of any viable orgatti/ation. including tltc
.‘lSI’. More importartt is tlte volume of
changes tlte student numbers are able to work
on, to enact or to block as tltc student interest
dictates. To say that the revitalization of
ACT. retttoval of the "W". S—U extcntiott.
cotttttlcss UAS chartges attd Housing Con-
tract revisions as well as stopping of the
daytime arming of Security. to Itartte a few
major results. occur ortly when “big
brother" is willing to let them go through is
to display an unbelievable level of paranoia
arid low faith in the faculty and ad-
ministrators who admittedly do outweigh us
numerically on the governattcc bodies.

The involvement of students has been seen
as rtot only RIGHT and usually resulting in
constructive input. bttt enough legitimacy has
been afforded Its that when we present art
argument. and that argument is stronger than
opposing points of view of facts; our argu-
ntent will prevail. For example, if the honors
change is proposed and students have many
good reasons why this change shouldn't be
enacted. then people who are for the change
MUST effectively argttc with better reasons
why the change would be made. in this case.

we believe that would be difficult and our'

points shall not simply be passed over by a
steamrolling administrative change; We shall
still be heard.

Rather tltan spending time educating peo-
ple on the fact that constructive changes for
students have been made with regular student
input. let us turn to what rnttst be done with

    
 

6COTCH 0.41555 GAMER .
/

trivia! M/l/[f

this input now. The number or changes
which are “in the works" begins with
honors. advisement. ACT. grievance pm
cedures. Security review. Bookstore review.
anti-grouper change, and goes on and on un.
til we have included every quad beautifica-
tion effort or every meal change made with
student effort.

Student power is not Omnipotent. In fact,
the challenge of the past several months has
been to retain student power -- for CthIIIplc ..
in controlling commercial enterprise on cam.
pus. But the thing to remember is. that “not
“commercial enterprise policy" was patted
down from the administration. (‘cmmt
Countil responded with a quick and cii'cctittc
resolution and follow up visit to the ad.
ministration building. Now yogurt and hilgt‘ls
are back on the food co-op's shelves, 1 lll.'\t'r
noticed ASP coverage of this turnaround,
rtor have I seen coverage of the httlllc that has
been raging for three consectttiw \Mk'i.» III-t,
ween the administration attd sttttlt-tIr .tllltL'l.
nittg promotions and continuin .It [mutt
mcttts (tenure) guidelines that I w mu
discussed iIt tltc Universin Senatr

I wonder ii~ this could tut-.Iu w t -v
students involved do not feel itli_\i|llit'
gained by giving llc\\s\\'t)|’lil_\ items lit
\\hiclt has of late iwc‘ttlllk‘ ptottu In t
attitudes and elitist “ttrctttltttttv” .I: It
helpless sltltiL‘ltls. What \\t' (it
stttdcnts) need. is a sllltit'tll [illitiluitltr
looks rttore often lt) what can ilt' lillll
fact encourages people cottsttuttlt I I
help us do it and less frequently 'i'ii
is impossible or reports on the lltilllllt‘ " I I.I
clitoris to rebuild the “wall” which or. mttl
us away from arty real power.

Mike Levy, Chair of {cobalt \I‘lltcli
liriatt l.c\v. \lltt‘i itttt

To the Editor:

l think that it’s important that the ~llttit'llls
on this campus be aware of tltc tiL't'l'tttttln i)L‘-
ing made with respect to their opputttuIItt to
participate in the governance of this I IIItcrsi-
ty. ‘

One sttch decision is currcnth lacing
debated is the University Senate - iI untiltes
the process by with faculty lllCllli)t‘ls ttI lhts
Univeristy are awarded protttotiott ltllti
tenure. (Tenure is also called “continuing ap-
pointment.” in simplest terms it lL‘ptt‘sL‘llls a
faculty member’s “job sccurity").(‘uttcttth'.
the faculty and a committee of the Senate atl-
vise the President of the University as to
whether or ttot tenure and-or promotion
should be awarded. The President then
makes a final decision itt the case.

Currently. students participate in this III“-

it

  

LU DEQJSHGQ see, .5.”

;

arr

 

 

 

ﬂ,’~—"_4

 

 

 

 

mamas. ' at.

        
    
     
   
 
 

'l'urnins On Television
or
how I learnt to stop
worrying and love
the tube '

  

Attending
Apocalypse

On The Stuff Heroes Are Made 0!

taking Account of 'l'en
thea 5 And 'l'reats
W

 

 

Karla’ Cardiac catharsis
. “My”

». mer

 

