 

W...» '

4

 

 

 

 

 

 

.
I
. t

 

Anouud CAMP?

 

 

 

 

~ bldian Quad Fights Vandalism

     

satisﬁes the PLO precondition. Earlier loday one ad

 

 

Alcohol Policy Again Altered. i'

 

 

 

   
   

l

l
'l

t
"b

 

W Irritated by the recent mum of vandalism on their ministration ofﬁcial said that in seeking freedom for the
' _ quad, residents of Indian Quad decided to do something marlin. WilhBVe CV? ncihtlnnel :e reel is available t
' ' aboutit. wi tecxep mm e. we ngioiePLo. -' t
Kennedy  m gum Members of "4 plus 2" with the ﬁnancial backing of Indian said there was a precedentOin working with the Karma;   E '2‘
' Tower Council, held an “elevator party" — complete With the group's 000P€fall°n Wllh American ellorts to evacuate '
beer, popcorn. and a pianist. The elevator travteledhup 8nd diplownllc Personnel rmm Lebanon in 1976 during the civil by Adele Grulla for th b ' 'f I ’ l W I b li 
. . ' usic and re res merits. wart ere. ’ . c same nirm er 0 peop e. ’ parent y, et e eves the oli r
 AP ‘ .Scn' Edwin! M' Kennedy cam“! In“ 91:11 ﬁniiulﬁiséogliﬁnililyﬂ said “4 plus 2”advlsor. The administration's latest initiative to free the ca [iv Student Am'” counc'l (SAC) The Original policy. which set will aid in th: reduction Olpvafl’:
pres'dmual mm mm clung? “may mm the support G “P o ‘I can et to ether and talk gaining 5110‘ was stalled at the Istanbul airport on Wednesda r p c vglcd yesterday m recommend the TCSlrlCllonS according to a projected dallsm ‘
of Mayor Jane Byme and a White House warning that “"39"” , e l” 5 3, ’ I u Am . f . . ya ""th Withdrawal of the new interim attendance r, r H d f C «I  l
. a . dd me port tn their anger over vandalism. ' most vehementy an ~ encan action rri Ilhe religious alcoh I r b D (St d ( gu e. a owe orty . ouncr members expressed con- 5 l
.Pm'ficm  would ﬁght!“ cycry.9e.m°aauc es The most recent incident of vandalism was the breaking heirarchy runmng Iran apparently prevailed m it.) opposi '0 PO'ICY y can 0 u 6“ ounces of beer. to ounces of Wine cern over the policy's effectiveness, .1 {
m a!“ man] my' Sharpen!“ ms c-nnmm or me can“ of a lobby vending machine. Tower Director Joanne Nanos tion to talks with President Carter‘s special cm,” Clark" Alla“ Nell allow". ’ or three Ounces of liquor per per- stating that students will drink and i f
Walden”: on the “Pond day 9f his qum {ordme 19-80 said that the violation occurred sometime Thursday. a former attorney general, arnd fellow envoy William 0' The new pong)“. wmch t°°k Cf“ 5°"' 8” drunk despite TCBUlations. 3 I
QﬁmOﬂauc “alumna! Pominfmon' Kennedy“)! “°.'"3' “The idea for the party was completely from tower Miller. staff director of the Senate Intelligence Committee. “6.1 Monday' “mils alc°h°l usage Laraycm’ “id wel'y was Wm“ "Sin" “whom Pummed 0“ cam' ' i "
mums center m. a Pomh "F'ghborhm’d or Chief‘s“ I residents" said Nanos. “I am pleased that they have taken new to Athens and then to Istanbul after the do an ' based 0“ "‘9 "‘“x‘mum numb" °l to announce of any new policy pus. the amount that students drink i 
have profound differences With the Caner administration _ H r H (hi w." lead [0 1d [lam ESTwedncsda math I. . p mil" people who can be accomodated- without student inpuI “wen i _ cannotbecommned nsm-d Couné" i .
on policies toward the elderly." He cited Social Security a" “all,” “mire” and “mum 0pc u y'd rs l" was” a h ' ' y c m 'glou‘lmdm within certain public areas. . ' e y g , '  :.
band-“s. nutrition, “ﬁremen” fuel assistance and ham] more discussion and awareness about nan adrsm. I would seet em. The policy mes as examples COL _ I , r ‘ . . r - ‘.  w , .
care as speciﬁc issues on which he and Carter disagree. At l" a“ "mm" '9 “W vandahim' qt]? m" cm? “I: p as. onial. State, and Dutch Quad 4
News,” in Chit-£880. the Massachusetts Democmt was ning to fonnagrievance committee]. lam certat: lNatt e Ulounges' which accomoda'c an
gretted by small groups of hostile demonstrators represen- ges'mcm’“ '5 be!“ caused by °" y a cw 5‘“ I anrosi Ir  J I on estimated 800 people. According to
ring the anti-abortion movement. As Kennedy entered the . 1 Peer Pressure‘thl make them StOP- WC W3"! PCOP elm ‘5 an apart 8 policy regulations, restrictions
Copernicus Senior Citizens Center. a demonstrator threw that this is their home, and that the property of al tower would be Sc! m I6 hamkcgs of been
an egg that bounded off the senator’s left shoulder but did residents Shm’ld be "specled‘ l9 gallons of liqiior or 62 gallons‘of
not break until it hit the ground at his feet. Kennedy ig- NEW YORK (AP)- Iran has announced it is currin v itssu . wine.
nored it. Inside the center. Kennedy accused the ad-  Gave Fa" ply of oil to some major customers in Japan by 5!, parcel)" , SAC Chair Mark Lafayette said. - ,,
minis'mion or failing to help the elderly cape With mm. C To Elections for the fourth qUarter. Japanese trading companies on The “com” Policy 0" “""l’"s "35 been “MS.”- uThc "cw Policy ‘5 i"°°"5i5l°"" ‘ I I ‘1', ‘ v t ‘-
tion . "No administration that was truly Democratic would average nounccd today. Japan imports 99.7 percent of its oil, and Rmmc’io’” W”, be based 0” l’lL’ "ll/"119’ 0/ Pall/1’” WM) "‘1" [’0 ""‘ “mugh' because “mm “was “"3 "OIt‘d ll"! “Clinic “till “’4” £01"; 0" .mcmbcr JG” MOFSCSICI’N Others
eyer seek to reduce Social Security." he said. :‘But this one SUNYA radio station WCDB aired “the best demon the Iranian news pushed the Japanese yen to a lithium}, CUNWdalc’Il- i‘llil‘VCd "WW aimlml “w” ["le and came up willr it new policy argued that the policy treats
did: This lief”. they [fled l0 SlaSh $600."!llh0n from the coverage to date" this week, according to erection com. low against the dollar on the foreign cxhangc market in about student irlvolcnrcnt students as lflhcy are irresponsible
Ergagtﬁecuntylggilg‘etén 19:10. And the rnsrtédllbtle su’rt: of dinalor Ron SchildkmuL Tokyo. The Iranian announcement came as a US Dentin. . . . anyway.“ he said, “If the policy is SAC also voted infavnr of
' ~ I 10M" - 8"" y 850 accuse 8 Cf 0 r)" Those who had their radios tuned to 9] FM Tuesday merit ofEnergy spokesman said Iran's oil exportsapparent~ H  R C 1. going to affect \llILlCIIIH the it must creating a task force, desi'n-d
"1.8 l0 Skis“ a mealf'lm'lhe'ddel'ly Program: and fl“: ad' heard race results from many pans of thc state, thanks to ly fell by about 6.3 percent last week for undetermined      have student input." Director or search for policy allcrrltlthL:.LCo: '
mlhlm’allon or flying UHSUCCCSSlUllY '0 dCIHY ECHO" 0" WCDBvS recently initialed “information network." Twen. reasons. lranian oil minister Ali Akbar Mo Inl'ar. lllL'iln~ Rcsitlcrrcc .ltlltll Wclly was .sultatioii Iloard and student
legislation rarsrng the retirement age to 70. ,y “pone” were stationed a, the headquaners of various while. reiterated that the county has not ceased its ctpum umivniluhlt- Ior t‘onllncrrl. representatives. programming
Democratic and Republican candidatcsthmughoui Albany of petroleum. The Japanese government also \Itltl that “Ch 0 ” ln :rtltlititrrl to arguments against groups, professionals involved with
and Schenectady Counties. and downstate as well. Contacts tankers are being loaded at the main Kharg lslund tlll llllIl      m“ ““y “'6 "mm-V M“ 'I""”“'|"'“l' “'9 “"‘jy “l “lwllllllimt "lid 0”le
. at SUNY-Binghamton. SUNY-Buffalo. Syracuse Universi. on the Persian Gulf. But jitters over the Iranian situation suvcrul SM“ rut-tubers Iclr the policy intcrcsrcd groups will be contacted
Bram Announces  ty. Columbia University. and other schools kept WCDB continued to send wholesale prices for home llL'ullIli! oil will not accomplish its purpose. Ap- for advice and suggestions.
and its listeners up.io.daie on election results in distant spiraling to 98 cents a gallon on the spot market c\crr by Mm'el“ l-‘TM‘I hulls be altered, According to Illc dutnugcs they lurvc not made. ‘
areas or the state, Aside from Capital District reporllng' though domestic supplies are well above last year‘s leach. “Oil-“nil “WW "Cl'liillllb "W th' License. “Any tlurnttgc or loss in "Let's say there's a brokcn tlcsk
WASHINGTON (AP) Gov. Edmund G. Brown Jr.. of coverage was concentrated on New York City metropolitan The lmPﬂCl 0" US consumers or me dime-ﬂ'gﬂlltl” “MEN “MC” or “ Sll'du'" 5””“5 C0”? the residence hall caused by persons hlludlc. and the student didn't scc it ,
California formally announced his candidacy for the area contests in the interests of the large number of Since MODda)’ W35 "01 lmmedlalcly known bL‘Ci‘l'W “llll‘ "."ucc pmpoml "ml" mmmcm' “"l‘m’W" "my be Cllillk’zc‘l 1” “ll “"d l'” dldll" Pl” ll ‘ll‘ l‘l-‘t dillllilgt‘
Democratic presidential nomination today. saying that the SUNYA students from New York City. small quantities of oil were being traded at that tune. lmn “U” by Dl’cml" “l. licil‘lcllw Jill)" residents of that hall or section," form. He cottld later he charged for
nation's currentvleadersare “simply inadequate to steer the The 9 p.m. to ll p.m. coverage included taped commen- has been supplying Japan Wllh 455.000 barrel-5 1' dd). itl‘t'lrl we'ly' according '0 Smile“ SCT' it although he never did it." said ,
ship of state." Bro'vvn'says he stand for protection of the taries by State Senator and SUNYA School of Business l0 PCI’CCN Ollls needs. The Energy Deparlmﬂnl hits \ttitl Ihc "ices CU'llmlch Cllitlf l‘rttrllt liztit- According to Legal Services At» “alum”, ‘ V!
earth. service to the people and exploration and in- Professor Hugh Farley and State Supreme Court Justice in- United Slates 8015 about 700,000 barrels ada)’ from “11”qu '"un' “mm” “Wk “‘5‘”- 5uld limmm'“ liélllmun will thin What“ Should l‘
dustrialization of-space.-,-'l‘-hat was the theme ofa brief cumbcnt Daniel Prior. 3.5 to 5 percent of its consumption. A barrel contains l2 Issued '0 Wally 0" Nowmbcl 2- “ll” Clause l5 lllcgul- H“. l' “‘“l'l b“ be made hL‘lWL‘t-‘n JHIIL‘ “ltd Align-“l i
statement with which. Brown said. “I can offer myselfas a "We tried to jump from one election to another to sus- gallons. An ofﬁcial ofC. Itoh & Co.. one of Japan's tnutur “‘9 l’ml’O-‘al rc‘luu‘il" that 14 WVl- proved that the students did Il.‘ 1‘ so students coming in September '51
candidate" for the White House because the nation's cur- lain interest. and more or less make the most of this elec- trading houses, said in Tokyo today that the National llil- 5km} be made i" “‘9 1979*“) “wk” 9"”“0‘ be d‘u'gf’d I,” Will '1‘“ “W 'l‘” P0“ll’ill'." "l Ml“; :
rent leadership is nottadequatc. “Presidential leadership tion year," said WCDB News Director Steve Gross. nian Oil Co. NIOC notiﬁed it and other major .lupltrtcw Res‘dcllcf' Ha“ [Jam-“c- ”l’llllllllg 5”“‘Cll‘mlé lie “35"” d0”‘-‘- 1 0“"“CS charged
o‘nen .seems the cxcpmm ram" mafl the rule," he sald. customers it is reducing their supply of crude 0” b) 5 PW dorm Irving terms and condrrrons. can come in and burn up a Couch ‘  4 I I H ‘ v ‘
. ".sumuo wake up Arum-ca, to bmld forth: future. no! cem in me current quarter for “for technical mmﬂmu Accordlng to Buirmarr, Wclry u. :lndnllstudcnts on that floor Will he The. trlllr revision .rskr. tor a ;
steal from it." He vowed: “I’m going to offer an alter- Kastel’  Win Election Cllrrcnlly FCVlCWlHL’ ll": WOW-Sill. billed for ll-” “dumo” ”' ‘l‘mmgﬂ '“L'S'. """l
native.” With that, Brown formally launched his challenge although he has not yet formally The proposal states that the llll'cL’ to two dollars. ' lllc rWdUHt-‘C t
to President Carter and sen, Edward M. Kennedy, the ray. acted on the requests. Welly was students should not be held respon- dclittrlmcnl has not Show" “HM 1'5 t
ter already on the road campaigning for the nomination. Sophomores Paul Kastell and Steve Topal were declared “","'"“i"”?'“ rm 90'1"“an Siblc (“Aim-ages incurrfd' an”? a 1:12.22:[ﬂzwjmil(3: [Snylfﬁj’uxz ;
Caner ,5 m announce h,S candidacy on Dcc' 4' Brown said winners of Central Council seats in a second c‘eclion had The License. issued annually to lack of sccrrrlty to protect proptrty I t it.  I- .
SUNYA students, provides housing against vandalism. adoption seems an nnriumury sttp ‘
Changing the lime allotment for towards inflation," states the pro— 

he is the candidate of the future. and that is what the nation
needs. “Today is the ﬁrst day of my campaign...for the tea
leaves of the polls. 1 leave those to others," he said. He call-
ed for a constitutional amendment requiring a balanced
federal budget. And he proposed a national energy cor-
poration to develop and manage the country’s oil supply
and said he would impose government control over
petroleum imports. He also urged that public represen-
tatives, named by the president. be appointed to the boards
of directors of all multi-national corporations.

PLO Urged To Help Hostages

WASHINGTONtAP) U.S. mediator Ramsey Clark is
holding talks in Turkey with an ofﬁcial of the Palestine
Liberation Organization in an effort to negotiate the release
of some 60 American hostages in Iran. it was learned today.
A US official. who insisted that he not be identiﬁed, said
Clark met with the PLO representatch Wednesday in Istan-
bul and was meeting with him there again today. The PLO
has offered to intercch with lranian authorities to try to
gain the release of the hostages, held since Sunday in the US
embassy in Tehran. But as; a pro—condition. the PLO is
dcmanding that the United States he asked directly for its
help. US policy prohibits direct negotiations with the group
until it recognizes lsrael's right to exist in peace in the Mid-
tllt liast.

in response to the tlcntand, tll‘.t:llS‘rL'tl by Clark with the
PLO ol‘lrcral, the State Department voluntccrcd a static-
mcnt to reporters in Washington this morning. ll sziid: “ll
they, the PLO are moving to hpr release the AIIIL‘rlCitIl‘i, it
would be a highly responsible action lit a altuution whcrc
they may have norm: inllucncc, and we welcome such
analstancc." The question now, being trrkcrr up by Clark
with the unidentified l’l.() official is whether that statement

{9.415918 Novembm 8, 197‘)!

.l'i'h'L .tIt‘JI 'i

 

 

on Dutch Quad last week. Both Topal and Kastell had been
defeated in the ﬁrst elections held last month. The results of
that election were declared invalid due to election ir-
regularities by the SA Supreme Court in a hearing October
23.

Said Topal of the win: "We won because discrepancies
were cleared up and people had a chance to make a more
informed reason. If you ask me if l'm happy about winning
—- yes." Both men were sworn in at the Council meeting
Wednesday night.

Anti-Nukes Group
Gets SA Funding

After long debatc,lhc Central Council voted to give SA
funds to the recently formed organization Coalition
Against Nukes (CAN).

ferriannc Falcone, Janice Fine, and Cindy Birnbaum
spoke in behalf of close to 40 CAN members who attended
the Central Council meeting.

Central Council was originally opposed to the funding of
CAN. stating that it was a “political organization."
Falconc tell that this was inconsistent with the SA fundin'
policy. L

‘I‘Wc are an educational group" said l‘zrlconc. Shc
pointed out that the “(8 defines a “political organi/urlrui”
us one that supports a political candidate.

“If we are to be called 1 '  ' '

. prrlrtltul orgtlm/znrtm tlicn
NYl’lRtr, ASUBA, .lSCJlillcl. and l—‘cminist Alliance 7 A
ull SA lulrdcd groups  must conic under this hurtling as
wcll“ turd l’ulconc.

An attempt was mudc by .‘t (‘cntrtil (ouutgil IIICIIlllL‘I‘
trdtl ll rrtlcr, rcqurr'lng {I change in ('AN’s ntunc it) make lllt'
group Icax political, \vii‘. vorcd down. ' I

U . . .

H We Will not cornprtmitw on our name" ward l-‘ulctutc

We are against nuclear pchr. und rnrr lliilIlt' I
l'tfllCL‘l rr. llrc SA lrrntl‘. itlt.‘ lot ctlucutim: ti’l 'Il'lr"
\vcaprtns only." J i I.”

“Wt: slinrrltl lit: lllllll'.t.l iiy SA bccrtlru: tlrc lurtrt-r-rt' ~
not well ctlrrt'ull-tl tut truth-err 't\'t.‘ilp(tll‘i tint! llrt‘ .trrrix ii‘ttvt‘l;
‘iald (.‘AN ‘tDl)l\’C‘.l)ct‘.ttlI lattice Hm I -

till.
y;

‘tllttllltl

lt’J ir.‘., ‘

 

 

 

.Rosalynn Pledges Refugee Aid

(AP) Rosalynu Carter arrived here today and r'lwll'“
America‘s “full support" for efforts to liclp huttrltt-tl» t'l
thousands of starving Cambodian and l.:ioliztu rt_‘ltl=“"-‘
“We are filled with alarm vvlicn wc L'Ulllt‘lllltldlt‘ lltt'
possibility that the Cambodian people are futrtu' r tttlv 9“”
as a result of war and famine,“ .‘ilIC told tltc tllt'lll'tlll‘ ""“‘
l'rt'ctcd her. Mrs. Carter was incl :Il plillll' til"  M”
Prime Minister Klittlrgstlk Chornzrrrnn. (‘ruwtt l‘: r
jirzilongkorn. lchcrrsc Minintcr l’rcrrr llll‘vill.tllttl 1
Cabinet lIIlIIl‘ilctH zmrl tllpltirnat'r. 'l ltriilziml i‘. .Ill.rt lt'
irrrpt)rt.'lntc In the lllICL'etllly visit, which will to lot
to it 'l'lrlri-Clirrrbuditm l)t)I'th.'I~.'llL'il rclutw‘ t “W
Ilrouglr it has only been lulicllcd it's a "flirt llllrllil
The Thai government mobilized lllt)ll‘.ltlltl‘~ vi ll“ l
police including IIliIrkHllIullHlIlp rucdulim .tr l.l5 =1
Asian (litmus to protect Mrs. Curler uud lll‘l l' ""
included Surgcrnrtlcrrcrul Julius ll. Klt'lllIIIlll‘l
UN. Amhaanudor Andrew Young’s will: lt‘.l|l. .tlv
chulor litrrrilll llrrglic'. of lnwn.

‘*‘~H—_._____-1.Jrge,__.anx,_l.;u . 1 I -— 1 ‘-

 

contruclual agreements and regula-
tions.

Among the requests are five tria-
jor revisions which, said llaltman,
take precedence over the others.
These include such things as rewor-
ding specific regulations. providing
an itemized list of dorm damage
charges, and changing the time
allowed to retrieve a lost mcal card.

()f the utmost concern, said llait-
man, is to change room rates
regarding increased occupancy. Ac-
cording to Section ll of the License,
"increased occupancy indicates that
the number of students assigned to
a bedroom under normal conditions
has been increased by one person.”
litiilmun claims that the University
makes more money through renting
the room at increased occupancy
rates.

liultmun cited an example of ren—
ling a room on the uptown campus.
A room rented under the normal
occupancy of two students would
cost $1500. However, if an addi-
tional student rents. the price would
by “749.99. llultmun said the
University "is making money in the
process. if it's supposed to be doing
what’s best for the students. if they
said their main objective was to
make money, i would have no
qualms about it."

In addition, the proposal requests
that students be notified of an in-
crcasc in roorri rates before they
sign a residence hall contract.

The Committee has also re-
quested that regulations regarding
damages and losses in residence

NOVEMBER 9, 1979

repairing damages is of major con-
cern, said llaitman. According to
the proposal. “Whenever possible,
damages will be repaired within one
year or action taken to repair
damage by that time." Baltman has
suggested that the period he chang—
cd to three months, explaining that
students may be charged for

posul.

llaitmlin said that most of the rc—
quests will probably be ignored.
Once reviewed by Wclty, the pro-
postil will be sent to the Senate
Committee on Rcsitlcncc and then
II) the Univcrsity Scnurc. llc liddcd
llllll this is llit‘ second year a I‘L‘Vl-
slon proposal has bccn mudc.

 

llliuslng is now reviewing clauses in its dorm rental contracts

I'rllll‘ft‘t'll rt‘vi.st'tnr.s (llt’ being studied

Wiesenthal Addresses SUNYA

 

Nazi Hunter Vows To Continue Search

by Michele Israel

"I dedicate my life and work to
have the privilcgc it) remain alive."
Simon Wicscnrlrul. internationally
renowned lnmlcr of Nazi war
criminals. spoke these words last
night as In: addressed an audience of
approximately 500 in the Campus
Center Ballroom.

WlCSL‘IIlllﬂl has dedicated his lift:
to documenting the genocide that
occurred under Hitler in Europe.
He has tracked down l,000 war
criminals, including Adolf
Eiclimann. Franz. Murcr, and Erich
Rajakuwltsch. In 1947, ht: opened
the Jewish Historical Documenta-
tion center for the purpose of
tisscrribling evidence for Nazi trials.

“People say there are other pro-
blems. that there are few Nazis left.

on

They say isn't 24 years enouglt:.

ALBAN Y STUDENT PR

asde Wicscntlrul. He explained
that the initial Nazi search began
in l945-4li. but that thch was
it “closed season" until 1960.

"During this season, nothing
happened." he added. “A majority
of criminals escaped; they were
rclcascd on parole."

During the (fold War, he explain-
ed, many criminals were allowed in-
to the United States. "The only
winners of the Cold War are the
criminals."

Wicsenthal said U.S organiza-
tions contacted residents of Euro-
pean refugee camps, who apparent-
ly corroborated with the Nazis after
the invasion of eastern liuropc.
“These people became helpers. ’l‘he
guilt of the helpers is bigger titan
the guilt of the Nazis. They were liv-
lng with their future victims."

“The US. liclps these people
come here." he said, “they r‘ccruit
them. They know these people corn-
rriit big crimes. After so nitmy years.
they become sort of a pollution."

“People say llrcrc arc only a few
Nazis alive and that they are not a
durrgcr. 'l lrc Nazi party has ten and
a half million people," explained
Wicscnlltnl. “There are six million
former Nazis still alive."

Wiesenthal explained that few
Nazi war criminals have been tried,
although their numbers are many.
He cited the now wcll~known cori-
cctration camp at Auschwitz, in
which approximately three million
were murdered during a period of
four and a half years.

"There were 6.000 SS men; 900
were known by name. There was
personal data on 640; 22!) were con-

l’lmlnx [in/r [cunt/rt.‘

viclcd since the war. There were on-
ly witnesses against 62 or 64 of
them." he said. “One side. this big
nunrnbcr of victims — the other a
small number of witnesses against
llicm. We lost ll million witnesses
when (icrmtm docujmcnts were
destroyed.”

Wicscntlral said that those
soldiers who committed death camp
atrocities were not trite soldiers. “A

soldier fights with a risk; he kills
and can be killed. those in the
camps and the glrcttos lived.
Ninety-five percent of them lived."

However. be strongly implored
Jews to stop spreading
"propaganda." Wicscntbal said the
chs have tirade a mistake by claim—
ing only six million were killed in
World War ll, while 11 rnllllon were
murdered by the Nazis. “We must
see that the next victims of the
Holocaust won’t necessarily be
Jews," he said.

He cited the recent genocides in
Vietnam, lilafra. Uganda, and
Cambodia.

Eiclnnanri, Wiesentltalsald. was
not an antl-scmite. but only follow-

t-uminued on page/7W!

. .PAGETHREE

 

