 

 

     

.
' i
.4

fysterically screaming 'stars
beam across the black cosmos.
[ﬁnding it all too amusing. A
candle on a half-wick. near
drowning in its own waxen
tears, swoons to the soft silver sounds of
Sinatra singing something sweet. An
empty bottle of wine, a common but

Stuart Matranga‘

comfortable chablis, lies on its side as the
last drops of blood sloop over the lip and
stain the yellow table cloth. The sax

wraps itself around the sobbing violins
and strolls oﬂ into the muted night. She:

 

     

  
  
  
  
  
 
  

sleeps in his weary arms. He drowses,
breathing the fragrance (passion and
perfume) of her hair. conquest in his star
gazing eyes.

The troops have invaded‘th'e vailéyl‘
‘Five hundred million strong storm
through the marshy, mulchy, murky‘
gloom 'of the' dark unknown. Madly.
they're spurned onward b y forces feared, .
blazing trails up narrow canyons.
through great divides, and turbulent seas.

topping at nothing, taking no prisoners,
they ride into the valle y of the shadow of
ldeath with the blind zealous abandon of
palmon battling the white rapids, or of
lemmings sneering at the perils of life and
limb as they [red the trodden track of
their ‘bloody, painful, fatal, yet
lmperturbable death march. Thousands
die. Millions die. Thousands, mil/ions.
march on. There is no questioning of .
purpose, No vagueness of morality. No
existential angst. There is only one
direction, one choice, one goal in mesa
stout-hearted troopers and that is tol

march onward. Upward and Onward.
they cry. Exasperatingly, amid the deaa
and dying, the mightiest reach the Uterus.
Not long from here, men. And theyswlm
the broad lake rushing up upon the lateral
shores and onto the roads to victory, two
long, dank, narrow tubes called the
Failopians.

Scattered thousands eek their way up
the tubes, scaling the ﬁve inches in the
blasting speed of two hours, ﬁghting the
cursed cilia of the tubal mucosa and the
pugnacious peristalsis of the tubal ﬂuid.
77te death count rises. Hundreds survive
and thrash in the swampy ooze at the
outer ends of the tubes, Yet, in the near.

   
 

The Kidney

. 4/

distance, through a vile haze of jelly-like

goo, quietly ignoring the death. the rank
destruction of life. the broken promise of
youth which trailed these last fewsoldiers
from the vaginal walls to the end of the

Fallopian tubes, sits the Ovum.
Decorousiy supervising her meiotic
division. she is oblivious to the travails of
the petering army of Spermatozoan. Just
like a woman. Not to be discouraged, not
to be deprived of their objective, the worn
but undaunted sperms savagely attack the
vile/line membrane surrounding her
primrose self They tear, they rip, they die
in frustrated apaplexy. And again the
loses are many.

The Ovum hurriedlv/inishes dividing.
her original 46 chromosones to 23 while
cony enticing the remaining sperms by
seductiver slipping off her Corona
lt’adiata, a thin veil of polysaccharide
lace. that drives the sperms crazy, Iler
Zona I’ll/ut'ida is now exposed and in the‘
mad rush to reach to that most desirous of
all treasures, many spermatozoa are
killed or repelled into the myriad crevices

Z tears.

  

“ * The Hmon 369: I

 

,.

, .

Your‘body has been called a hou 5, a temple, a machine, a Vehicle

for the soul, axtooleor the mind. It is the most complex integrated

functioning syem known \to man.

The greatest computer man hasever seen lies behind his eyes...

and canals, left to die ignobly after
coming so close. Only one sperm, one of
500,000,000 penetrates the Zona
Pellucida and enters the luring Ovum.
Once in. that one sperm. one of
500,000.000 struts about with theswelled

head of elation. He has done it! He bursts
with pride. And in the euphoria of victory
and of list his male pronucleus with his 23
chromosones embraces her female
pronucleus with 23 chromosones.
Together they wander through the
Fallopian Tubes. settling down in the
Uterus, now peaceful, and make a zygote
from their 46 chromosones. One day;
God willing, the zygote will grow to be an
embryo, and then afetus,and then...

The candle has drowned in its own
The wine bottle has stopped
bleeding. The sweet tones of music have
become dull electrical humming. The full
moon has sailed into the night sky and has
been let in on the joke by chorus of gigling
stars. He sleeps, his head buried under her
ﬂaxen hair (like velvet(. Her eyes snap
open: awakened; running from an already
forgotten nightmare. Suddenly her face
twists in anguished perplexion. She tries
to remenber. The moon fills the night
with hoary laughter.

Ten moons pass through thestary night
and from within a panting, bug-eyed,
sweating mother. a hairy head pops out.
A little person, who a month ago had
begun to get restless in his dark little cave
l and groped through the slimy protein-
‘ rich placenta lookingfor daylight. Only
eight monthsago it was a mere mulberry
mass of dividing cells, wriggling
-chromostmes, frantic DNA nucleotides
twisting and stretching to link up with
each other and share genetic passwords as
. old as Adam — all drenched in amnionic
swill. The head is followed by the arms,
and the lily bitty/ingers, and the rest ofit.
' Snip, the umbicai cord is cut. The kid is
on his own. Slap, welcome to the human
race. Cry. ‘

 

Your body has been called a house, a
temple, a machine, a vehicle for the soul, a
tool for the mind. It is the most complex
integrated functioning system known to
man. We've never come close to
reproducing its efﬁciency, economy, or
its adaptability in any of the
computerized, lascrized, transisterizcd
gadgets of our invention. The greatest
computer man has ever seen lies behind
his eyes. '

The human brain and its
communication network, the nervous
system, is a marvel of organization and
control. The brain keeps the ﬁfty million
gallons of blood pumped through the
heart during our lives cruising over the
sixty thousand miles of veins and arteries.
Nerve impulses are conducted down the
33 vertebrae protecting the spinal cord at
up to 225 miles per hour into and out of
the trillions of nerve cells eagerly charged
in every square micrometer of the body.
lhe brain controls the glands and

hormones which control the secretion of
gastric juices in the stomach and small
intestine, making sure enough
hydrochloric acid‘ is released to
decompose the patio dc fois gras and not
the lining of the gut. The brain controls
sensory rcccption — what we see, hear,
smell, taste, feel, and say. The brain
regulates the bellowing of our lungs as we
inhale and exhale our pint ofcommon air,
and in emergencies the brain allows us to
take in up to-fivc quarts of air to supply
the red alert, all systems go, all ahead
foward power we negl at times.

Every living thing that has a brain d-

[from the Fire Fly to the Great White

Whale uses it to regulate the bodily
functions. But man, uses his brain for
something else. He thinks.

Sensations w the icy breath of winter
along a wet back, wasted chestnuts
browning on an open hearth, Christmas
carols being sung by a choir, the purple
haze of radioactive fallout approaching in
the twilight sky -—— all tickle the
hypothalmus. a small rccieving station in
the brain just above the spinal column.
Sounds, sights, smells are felt there, but
not rcfincd, not identified through
association and memory which takes
place in the Cerebral Hemisphcrcs, the
two huge “ravellcd knots“ above the
ccrcbcllum, midbrain, medulla
oblongota, pons, and the other parts of
the brain which sift and sort data, sending
it throught the proper channels into thc
appropriate department in thc Cerebral
Hctnisphcrcs. The brain is bureaucracy at
its most baffling. The main sorting center
is the HypotltalmttsnThcrc the local
neurons rcport any problems that nccd
the coordination of the whole body. Thc
Hypothalmus organizes body
metabolism, the intake of food and fluid.
11 controls tcmpcrwatu, growth, sleep,
urine. lt influences body structure. It
stimulates emotions ~ fear, lust, ragc. lt
activates reactions — crying, smiling.
lighting, fleeing. lt inspires copulation.
The Hypothalmus is a busy little beggar.
However, without the Cerebral
Hemisphere to check the Hypothalmus
and regulate its control ofthe body, chaos
ensues.

'l‘wo boxers, Ali and chump, are
winding out the l4th round. Ali, tcnycars
ago, dances, prances, whirls. sings. " You
Ugly Sucker." Chump is humiliated.
Cosell in the corner is asking 80 million

5.

bored viewers, How dare this
pus-illonimous pugi/istic pauper call
himself a heavyweight contenda.” Ali
rants "You Gonna Die Cabbage Face.

affected limbs were their own and often
tried to “throw them away."

Without the right hemisphere the left

I would be able to name an object and
Chump explodes. Ills cerebral cutcgorizc it but not know what it does.
hemispheres areshortcircuited. Theth Working alonc the right hemisphere
is taken over. A Coup l)'Etat by the I would know what to do with an object
hypothalmus. Rage boils in the chum/1's but not what to can it_
hotly. Adrenalin surgl‘s I'M/U Rcmoval of part of the brain rcmovcs
contracting muscle. ["3 lungs Mills in II part of our cognizance of the world.
gallon of cigar lousy air. Heart rate Rcmovcthc Olfactory llulband youdon't
doubles. He lungcs. He attacks. smcll, Rcmovc thc ()ccipital Lobe and
Forgetting the films, forgetting the you don‘t scc, Cut out thc temporal lobes
lac/it's. for getting the l’-\‘/7l’rll‘m‘€. all Of and your hcart will ncvcr palpitatc whcn
which the hypothalmusfoes not bother in the swoons of love, nor will your
with, lie is a mindless brute. Powerful. bosom hcavc with a sigh. Chop off the
buls'llllil'tb All-VI 1.7.0015“ like ll Sam"! Fll‘t’ frontal loch and you'll never have a care
into the space that was Ali’s head a secon in the world.
ugp. The chump is tiwslcd by the inertia ‘ If the brain is a vast computer
of his own force. He's of/bttlance. Idiot. controlling and ovcrsccing the body, then
Ali shuffles. a burst of volleys into the the body‘s gcncrator is the heart. Located
‘meat ofhisskiil. The chump is down for bctwccu the two lungs a pumping red
the count. mass, the size of a fist, beats from the
-—————- sccond it‘s formed in the womb until it

It is in the Cerebral Hemisphcrcs that stops when you're dead. It rarely misses a
the hisscs and hums of noise become beat. The greatestdrummcrinthc world.
symphonies. It is where Einstcin thought Ta Pa Ta l’a Ta l’a. One hundred
of relativity, whcrc Proust rcmcmbcrcd thousand beats a day pumping two
Illings past, where DaVinci saw Lu thousand gallons of blood a day.
Gioconda; where David Bowic heard livcryday. That‘s three thousand mum“
Ziggy Stardust. The Cerebral bcats and fifty million gallons in an
licmishpcrcs allow us to compare, uvcragc lifespan. ’l‘hat‘sa lot of heart and
analyze, interpret, and pcrcicvc la lot of blood. And cnough powcr to lift
Perceptions are mad from the sensations over 200 tons. I
rccicvcd through the hypothalmus. The 'l’hc purpose of thc‘hcurt  to pump
two lobes of rccving gray and whitc blood. Without a circulating blood
mattcr remember when to cut, to slccp, to strcum thc l,000,(l()0,()()0,()()(),l)()() culls in
light. They rcmcmbcr when and they thc human body wouldn‘t get oxygen and
remember how. 'l'hcy choose thc right ‘ thcy would dic. Thc body‘would die. I
time and place for a particular activity mmui cclls, rcd and White, art: formed
and leave the organizing to thc
hypothalmus.

The two Ccrcbral l'lcmisphcrcs look
identical but aren‘t. The left one, asidc
from controlling thc right half of thc
hotly, is the ccntcr of spccch and thout,
Visual-Spatial perception is organized in
tlic right hemisphere which also controls

(t t“.er

transporting food,
controlling body tcmpcraturc, and
sccking and dcstroying any forcign
invaders to the body. White blood cells
the left side of thc body. Though the two (polymorphonuclcar leukocytes,
hemispheres have diffcrcnt functions they 'lymphocytcs. and monocytcs) arc the dog
ilrc not independant of each othcr. lt soldiers of the body. Thcyll attack
Would be very confusing if your hand anything that doesn't belong where ll. is.
didn‘t know what your left hand was They don‘t always defeat the invaders
doing. 'though. The red cells ’(crythrocytcs) ttrc
During Will” there have hccn CHSCS 0f thc sanitary cngtnccrs. Thcy‘rcycry small
Soldiers rccicving head injuries that but populous. lhcyabsorb waste such
deﬁlmyc‘l PM! Of their hCmiHPhCFCS “Dd carbon dtoxtdcand nitrogen and dcpotnt
left the limbs on the opposite side oftllc it in thc lungs, hvcr. or kidneys for
damaged hemisphere not immobile or cvcmuul disposal. out .of the body. All
paralizcd but uurccognizablc to thc blood cclls swuu In a river of plasma.

soldier. 'l‘hc didn't realize that thc _ the blood has Hhuusicd its
Y Wilt."

 

 

supply of oxygen and nutrients it returns
to thc hcurt via crisscrosstng highways of
veins. It enters the right artium of the
heart throught the large vcna c‘ava veins.
All roads into the heart are veins. When
the blood prcssnrc builds to a certain
point in the right artium an electrical
charg (thanks brain) opens a valvc,-thc
/ and the blood rushes Into
a big balloon beneath
The opening of the

‘ tricuspid Valve,
the right ventricle,
the the right atrium.

 

valve.

 

surface area of about sixteen acres. Next

 

in thc bonc marrow. From there they‘re ‘
czniltcd into thc constantly moving blood I
slrcttm circulating throughout the body, 
removing waste, '
regulating salt and water distribution,

   

which is more like a trap door.

1 n T sin To Pcrfcctirt

cchocs as a heartbeat. As pressure builds
in the right ventricle the trap door slams
shut. The blood is then forced through
another valve, the pulmonary valve,
wwhich leads to the pulmonary artery,
which leads to the two lungs, right and
left. All roads away from the heart are
arteries.

The ﬁrst stop for the blood pumped out
of the heart is the lungs. The red blood
cells wiggle through the myriad mazes in
the lings to get to the alvcoli, little sacs of
air which ﬁll when we take a breath. Take
a breath. They’re full. There are 700
million of these sacs in the lings making a

The Heart

to the alvcoli arc capillaries. Next to
everything in the body are capillaries.
Capillaries actually transfer the supplies
in the blood to the hungry cell. Stretched
cnd to and all the capillaries in one body
could circle the earth three times. The
blood cells squeeze into the tiny
capillaries single ﬁle and drop off the
excess carbon dioxide which gets exhaled
and pick up the newly inhaled oxygen.
The blood now rctuns to the heart Via
pulmonary veins. it enters the left artium,
slips through the tnitral valve (the other
beat), and gets pumped out of the left
ventricle into the aortra and all points
north, cast, south, and west.

Dcspitc man's prcdiliction to destroy
himself by slow poison our bodies arc
very efficient when it comes to
maintancncc. A piece of food enters the
mouth. lt is chewed and mashed and
covcrcd with a soft gook of salivatcd
mucus. The bolus, as it is now called,
slides down the espohogus into the
stomuck. in the stomack gastricjuiccs are
secreted, the most powerful component
of which is hydrochloric acid, an

.into the large intestine for storage of

   
      

 

extremely acidic acid. Mucus,‘ also
secreted, controls the HCL. The acids and
enzymes break down the bolus into
chymc, a semi-ﬂuid mass. This is
discharged into the small intestine where

'the most powerful digestive action takes

place. Pancréatic juice is secreted by the
pancreas and acts as the body's own
bicarbonate of soda as it dissipated fats
and proteins. Bile. produced by the liver,
cmulsifics tthe salvageable material for
absorbtion into the blood and liver.
Economically, the bile is also reabsorbed.

Most of the absorbtion of food is done
in the small intestine. What‘s left is passed

water and waste products and for the
incubation of beneﬁcial bacteria. The
'wholc trip from the stomach to the large
intestine takes about three and half hours.
'l‘hc feces, which is transmitted from the
colon to the toilet bowl when storage in
the large intestine gets tight,is mostly
lcflovcr digcstivc material. not food. It‘s

almost 75% water. 12%ifat, 10% salt, and 3%

nitrogen along with unwanted bacteria?

Two of the most important organs for
cleaning and maintainging the body arc
the kidneys and the liver.

Al'tcr materials are digested and
.nbsorbcd by the body there is often an
excess. Thc kidneys cleanse the blood,
rch late the quantities of sugar,
nitn gcnatnd water, maintain a balance of
chemicals in the body. and make urine
from tho excess and squirt it out whcnthe
use; blc elements have been depleted.

Likt the kidneys liver cleanses blood. It
also breaks harmful chemicals down and
dctoxifics poisons to be carries away by th
urine, It produces blood protein and
activates carbohydrates, fats, and

" continued on 7a

“1.... .

., a"... ,m-..

  

 

