 

 
 

 

      

All Night Study Hall ‘ ‘

' Now you can have a place to study
'after’the Library closes. LC 20 is
open all night, 7 days a week,or
the rest of the semester.  

 
            
 

Lc 20 Study Hours

Sunday-Thursday 11pm till 7am
Friday 10pm till 8am
.Saturday 8pm till 11am

 
       

 

Albany State'Ski Club

' Presents a Ski Week in Canada

We will be skiing 4 mobntains and -

staying at a first class hotel.

\

Cost is $135.00 which includes Lift,
Lodge, and Meals.
Think about it over vacation and if'

interested contact
Steve Bellach at 457-5061

 

‘ or Amy Matson at 457-7720.

 

 

 

 

Holiday Sing isComingl

Get Your Act Together!

whom cc Ballroom
When: December 2. 1919
‘ 1 EM.
Forhfocollbionoot1-1903orcometoluios
Meeting November 20 at 6 PM. In the
Colonial Good 

 
 
 

 

SA Nntlod

‘ THE‘SUNYA GAY AND LESBIAN
Alll

ANCE

ME SEVERYTUESDAY
airmanmuccrn '

Touiqllr's Discussion...
RAdiCAl Srmrcqies for: LESblAN ANd

Gay Riqll'rs....
AN Op‘l'lON fon SUNYA” '

 

 

l Holiday ‘
Decorations

The Office of Public Safety Residence Staff and student
leaders are preparing new guidelines regarding holiday
decorations for the forthcoming holiday season.

The guidelines will include prohibition of any live trees
(wreaths; etc.) in student suites or bedrooms. It is
therefore requested that students not bring live trees, etc.
back from Thanksgiving vacation.

Full details of the new guidelines will be announced after
the Thanksgiving vacation.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

i
, i

 

.AIIGADE BUILDING
488‘ BROADWAY

ALBAIW ‘ 434-4":
IO% on with SllllYA I... for .
cleaning all makes and models.

office supplies-sales-rencal-service .
typewriters adding machines calculators

 

GIIOGIIWI'I‘OI'S and IIIOI'Ol"

 

as a“ "spray. .3,,,..t-...\..........

 

l Positions Available

Volunteer Phone Counselor

The position offers an excellent opportunity for a person
interested in short term crisis intervention, in development
of counseling skills, and in employment in a dynamic and
creative human sevice organization.

Qualifications

1. Current enrollment in SUNYA as a
freshman, sophomore. or junior.
2. Willing involvement in the in-service
training program. '

Duties of Volunteers

1. Attendance at the initial training weekend
at the beginning of the semester.
2. Working on a3 hourtelephoneshift weekly
3. Working on 3-4 (12 hour) weekend shiftsa
semester (including overnight).

4. Attendance at 2 three hourtraining groups
run by Middle Earth and other agencies.
6. Commitment to providing quality
counseling services. '

Interested persons should contact Middle Earth for an
application. Inquiries should be addressed to: Charles
Blss, Switchboard coordinator. No applications will be
accepted after November 28, 5:00pm.

Middle Earth
Room 102
Schuyler Hall

 

457- 7588

i ' Dutch Quad

 

 

 

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
  
  
   
   
 
   
   
  
   
   

Wish You Were Here is a great album.
t Hearing it and waiting for the Starshlp to come
out on Sunday just didn't go together,’ and
_. besides that, the opening act had just about
I erupted my aurals with filth and garbage spew-
_ ing out under the name Live Wire. The album
'was calming me down, relaxing me, not the
type of album you'd like to have shut off sud-
denly for a group like. the new Jefferson Star-
shlp.Pink Floyd on album isioogood an open-
Ing act for the live, new Jefferson Starship.

ay B. Gissen

.7
he one without Gracmck, or Marty Balin.
or even drummer John Barbara, whom they
uldn't wait for to heal up from his car acci-
nt. The one that has Mickey Thomas on
vocals, from Elvin Bishop's band. because he
had a high enough voice to sound a little like
Slick, a lot like Balin. And Aynsley Dunbar, a
gesslon and tour drummer who‘s been with
‘ Bowie, Zappa and enough other respectables
0 know better than to join a crash landed
.yb‘and who are pathetically trying to take off
hout any wings. Such Is the new Jefferson
rship. And you know what? They may not
any worse than the old Jefferson Starship,
yr the current tour only emphasizes that, pro-
ving that their real talent had only relied on the
eccentric personalities of their two former
stars; the mediocre but sometimes great
. singers, Slick and Balln.
As in the old tours, the band opened with
f‘Ride the Tiger," from the first of the last Star-
. ship albums Dragonﬂy. if i had kept my eyes
clcised, i might not have known that Gracie
wasn't there, since she never gave her all
unless she was singing lead anyway. After the
first song. though, l knew, Their new album is
called Freedom at Point 0 — as if Paul Kant-
' ,,ner is saying that he ls starting again, free from

 

 
  
 

lo a laugh a minute.

Irish Terror

Rory Gallagher - the name is really familiar.
but what's his music like? So goes the typical
response of a SUNYA student when asked
about the lrisll liltiSltZlntll. On Friday night,
November 10, the famous unknown was wall-
ing his blarney stone awn at J.B. Scolts.

Andea DiGregorio

in the smokerlled hazy room, many semi-
burnt out types were milling around waiting for
their hero to appear. .iokin' and tokin', the au-
dience walled expectanlly for the heavy driv-
ing, bluesy musician to begin his high energy
assault on their earrlrums. Finally, a lighting
person moved a lever, and J.B.'s dimmed. A
brief. excited hush suffused over the audience.
The tense silence was broken by ti few lone
shouts of "Rory, Rory," thou the chanting

 
   
 

 

          
 

 

        
         
       
 

gradually llit ri-nsvd into uli uproal'lulls
ltilcnj'jlluil', jl..lit‘lllt Hillillllg mill Ellile
ping oi li'l'l. Wilcu lllc im..y was at n climax,

 

sgestarshi

 

the confines of the old group — auu lney did
just about the whole thing. The album is not

'loo good, or maybe they just didn't perform it

well because of nervousness. or lack of con-
fldence, or both, or all four. l may not have
gone crazy over Earth, but I just cannot
stomach another Foreigner running around,
using the name Jefferson Starshlp, and then
trying to get into souped-up, hyped-up bullshit
versions of “Wooden Ships," “Somebody to
Love" and “Have You Seen the Saucers?"

The songs off the new LP were high
powered rock ‘n' roll in first gear. The changes
were unappealing, the eight-man mesh just
didn't jibe, and Mickey Thomas' voice went
from good but not great, to too loud, to just
plain annoying by concert and. Plus, he
doesn't have such a good memory. either, He
told the audience that they were going to do a
new song. and they played "Wooden Ships.‘I
Actually. he hit upon the truth better than he
intended, because luckily, what I heard Sun-
day night was not “Wooden Ships" in any
original sense. it was a new band trying to do a
song that the old band had originally copied
from another band. This was one band too
many, and It didn't work. Grace's soothing en-
trance in the opening dialogue was replaced
by Mickey's squeal, and for me, the Ship was
sunk.

Completely ignored were Red Octopus,
Spitﬁre, and Earth, two of which are respec-
table, fine albums, worthy of the new band's
level. Jesus, if they can do cover versions of
“Wooden Ships" and “Somebody To Love,"
and kill them both, they could at least have the
decency to kill “St. Charles" and “Fast Buck
Freddie" too. And speaking of "Somebody To
Love," it was a plain sin. it's like hearing "Born
to Run" by a wedding band. it can't be done.
They even had the nerve to medley ,lt with
snippets of "Satisfaction" and an old Motown
tune whose name escapes me right now. it

   
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
   

A lively snappy performance of a classic comedy of the Thirties. Boy Meeto Glrl

llory 'I'akes A

n long-haired, checkered-sllil'te(l man burst on
stage lashing out his high-voltage power
chords at the audience. Rory had arrived!

The three-man band broke into “Last of the
Independent," .1 song very typical of Rory's
hard-rock, blues based jamming, Evident in all
his songs is Rory's command of the band. His
prominent guitar playing dominated the other
musicians, one of the reasons for the break up
of Taste. an earlier band. Listening to “Moon
Child" and “Tattooed Lady," one was Im-
pressed by the grcat similarity between the
songs. Each turle began with Rory hitting a
few power chords, Gerry McAvoy following
up on a prominent bass, and Ted McKenna
banging out a series of sharp staccato notes on
the drums. Rory's solos were brief and did not
display much innovative talent. Comparable
to Aerosmith guitarist Joe Perry, Rory displays
ii Sl‘)ll' which relies on it loud energetic sound,
not fluent, Vll'lilli‘dt: playing.

Members of in. .

uul Llltv at exhibit their

       
   
  
 
   
   
  
  
 
   

was terribly embarrassing. and i felt angered
and lnsulted.

The drouo stayed on stage for almost two
and a half hours, but all escaped for awhile
mldset, as bassist Pete Sears and drummer
Dunsbar each took excessive solos on their in-
strdments nearan one quarter of an hour in
length. Such is the stuff naps are made of.

Be that as It may, [wish this band the best of
luck. Not because they will need it terribly to
succeed, not in the least bit sarcastlcally, but
because all of Kantner‘s and the rest of the
guys' and gals' former bandsakes were a bit on

 

   _

p: llot 'l'oo SI" c

 

 
 

the lackan end of rock. The best moments
were at the very beginning, and since then,
the personalllleshave out-shone the songs.
There were exceptions (Redloctopussome of
Spit/ire), but there always are. if Kantner can
pawn it off again, then god bless him, best of
luck. I only wish that they had changed the
name.

The best song of the night Was the new
single, "Jane," a punchy, power pop rock
piece that sounded OK. But amidst thl
turbulence, i forgot to mention it.

.\

\

 

. ."W'ue- r

 j

  

The New Jeﬂenon Stanhlp from left to light: Polo Sean. Mickey 'l'llomu.

 

Cnlg Ch-qnlco. Paul Renter, Dnvld Frelberg. Ayn-Icy Dunbar. Would you “lie

thou nonunion-Iv? .....

Gone Hollywood .'

7

Boy Meets Girl .
Meets Success .

The university's production of Boy Meets
Girl is great fun. The play is a silly romp with a
crazy plot and a lot of extremely well dressed
actors travelin in and out of the lush rooms

Larry Kinsman

at high speed. There are slamming doors,
telephone calls to just about everywhere, in-
termittent show tunes, a commissary tray
complete with fainting waitress, an incredibly
vain cowboy, a beautiful and bitchy agent, and
a baby movie star who gurgles unseen from
the depths of his carriage.

Stand

talent until the performance of the band‘sstan-
dnrd first encore “Bullfrog Blues," Unfor-
tunately. the other musicians were not
noticeably better musically than their leader.
Gerry McAvoy's bass 5010 was comprised of
relatively few notes played with little variation.
On the drums, McKenna also tapped out a
few dull, routine sequences. After the "Blues,"
the band broke into an updated version of
“Louie, Louie." Their performance
missed the spunk and catchy rhythm that
Richard Berry and the Pharohs gave in their
original performance of the same song. Even
Rory's usual powerful vocals could not rescue
this lame version. What The Rory Gallagher
Band lacks in talent is certainly made up for in
enthusiasm and Showmanship. Cavorting
around stage, Rory teases the audience,
wraps them into his energetic playing, then
tantalizes them until they plead for more. His
success was evident by the enthusiastic dc—

t‘iiliflliill’d on page view"

 

 

The play was written In the 19305 by a‘
screenwriting couple, Bella and Samuel
Spewack. They wrote a very funny play that
happens also to be a light satire on Hollywood
nonsense of that era. We see that men and
women are made or broken by the whims of
public taste, but we are never asked to con-
sider that injustice seriously. The play was first
produced during the Depression and its power
to divert is as potent now as it was then. '

The dialogue ls filled with quick exchanges
that reveal one comic development after
another, and the cast of this production does a
fine Job of sustaining the hilarity. One par-
ticularly funny scene involves a producer, Mr.
Friday, screaming orders into a phone while
irate midgets, who make noises just like the
munchklns in The Wizard of Oz, hurl a brick
through the office window. Immediater
thereafter a man dressed as a Buckingham
Palace guard marches into the room. The au-
dience floats on the chaotic ambience of a
busy movie study.

The play calls for snappy ensemble playing
and the SUNY cast succeeds for the most part.
John O'Hern is especially good as Robert
Law; he ripples with just the right tension as
the serious-artist-turned-hack who really
wants to write the great American novel, but
who is having a hell of a good time pro-
crastinating at $1200 a week. John Romeo as
Law's partner. J. Carlyle Benson, is also quite
good, although his performance lacks the high
speed snap of O'Hern's. The two actors are in-
deed funny together, but their interplay is not
as smooth as one would like: they are simply
vibrating at different frequencies.

Lisa Ettinger is excellent as Rosettl, the
shapely and calculating agent who manages to
get the best of everybody. Ms. Ettlngcr is
frightening when she informs Benson and Law

, continued on page eleven

 

  
  

NOV I'IM "ER 2“. i079

ALBAN Y STilDi..\'T PRESS

\PAGE THIRTEEN

  

