 

 

National

by Debby Wilson

On August 9. 1974 Richard M. Nixon
resigned from the office of the presidency. the
tfirst United States Chief Executive ever to do
so. He was a man of paradox. Infamous for
his fervent persecution of “utrAtnericans.”
during the McCarthy witchhnnts of the
1950's; tragic in his loss to Kennedy iii tlte
l96fl presidential media parade wherein be
permanently impressed tiiillititts of 'l‘.V
viewers as a seedy. grungy little tnan with
perpetual five o'clock shadow and a slouch.
He became pathetic in I‘lfi2 when. liavltig lost
the governorship of California. he bitterly
tongue-lashed the press in his “Checker's”
speech wherein he coined the ironical phrase.
“You won't have Richard Nixon to kick
around anymore."
Matty. In the 1070's. felt the dereptttins of
Watergate. the CIA suliterliiges. the bombing
of Cambodia. etc. as low blows kicked by a
vengeful atid vituperative Richard Nixon
Alter his narrow victory in hyperactive litttis
Nixon had made a trentendous comehaclt
During the early 70‘s. despite rising inflation.
thu‘ cntlttnuatitiit of IIH‘ Vietnam war. a
resistance to (Illtllllfltlﬂ the ttttuottstitttntmalty
of the war. (peipetuating an unsympathetic
reaction of conservtttive Aiiiericntis to both
draft evaders attd war protesters). Nixon
became one of the most powerful presidents in
recent history. llis reputation as a mid.
heartless man was Iurtlier eiiiphasired iii I071).
(ottlttttu'tl on nest page

International

by Thomas Martello

Though the I'l7fi's has been categori/ed as
a "placid decade." tto statement could he fur»
ther from the tiiillt when discussing interua
tionai events In America the I‘ltifl's was dtih
bed Revolutionary era We saw a sexual
revolution. a mass movement to end the Vli'l
iiani War. the drug t“ill||i\’. and equality
triovetnents for blacks and women. In short.
we saw many of the t stablislied ways of
previous generations being questioned. aitd in
many cases. being provett wrottg.

On air international spectre. the I‘l7fl's was
such a decade. During the short space of the
last teti years. many eVenIs have taken place
which have toppled traditional ideas In the
1970's. we saw malty events occur which had
been the culminations of long struggles. In the
1970's. we saw events which changed the
course of world politics. Consider:

For the first time iii its 200 year litstory. the
United States lost a war. Vietnam. the rallying
cry of the 1060's. passed into the backgronttd
of oirr history after the last of the troops arriv
ed borne. However. shortly afterwards. all til
Vietnam would soon be taken over by the
Communists.

Third world nations began to make their
presence known; forming U.N. blocks and etc
periencing tumultous revolutions. Iii Southern
Africa. the end of centuries of white minority
rule became an inevitable fate for several
countries.

Attention was focused art the Middle East,
arid more ititportantly. the oil underneath
those countries. As the world wrestled with
energy shortages, these nations bonded
together and controlled the flow and prices of
the fossil fuel products which make the
modern world survive. Consequently. the
balance of power was shiftng away front the

old line super powers. the I) 5. and the
Continued on next page

 

"Jesus Christ, you know it would just never do for that to
get out, that the president was taping Conversationath
people in the Oval Office, that wbuld be terrible. Of course
if anything did happen, we'd just have to say that we only

recorded, that we only retained those things which had to

do strictly with national security, for the record. business

of state, and that sort of thing. and that all of the rest was
destroyed."

- Richard Nixon

 

 

nternational Politics» '

continued from previous page

U.S.S.R.

w“(ﬁne Clulltinl mention the Middle East
iot '» -

decad: lsrldillliqlilfsdllzrelilkll“ bl Islaell Tllls

H‘WOI I ' hi) P re ruta murders
“f )rv yiipic at Ltcs in Munich at the hands
it I a.estitiian terrorists: has commandeered a
successful raid to free hostages in Entebbe air-
port; has lieeii shocked by the Yom Kippur
War; and flnally. has sat down with long-time
eiieiiiy Egypt iii a courageous attempt to
negotiate peace.

Cotiitrtunist, China. for a long time isolated
frotir the world. emerged from Its cultural
revolution of the f‘lttti's to establish relations
with most nations. among these the long
despised US This ended an era of cold war
rhetoric and initiated "detente" between the
two powers Another era ended with the
death of Mao and the take over of 'I'eng who Is
pushing “the sleeping giant'itowards moder-
Itlltilltnl.

I'Jictatorships. terrorism anti revolution coir
tinned to page across the headlines. Syphilis
infected ldi Amlii took ruthless and tyrannical
control of Uganda before being topped. and
fleeing. ()ften bloody insurvent struggles irt
dozens of other nations. such as Cambodia.
Chile. and Ireland have scared this decade.

In Irati. the 37 year stonghold of the Shah
was cut. A revolution political. cultural. and
religious led by air exiled Ayatollah Khomeini
forced the dictator out of the country. Rapid
modernization and westernization has been re
iected by the Ayatollah arid the Ub. faces the
realization that this nation's "unlitriited" power
and influence over the world is coiiititg to air
uniinpedable end.

The decade endured other occurances
which had been building up for several years.
With the modernization of third world nations.
the world's supply of food continues to lag
behind the rate of population growth. Russian
military buildups on the Iiuropean frottt has
prompted concern. if not fear. among NATO
nations.

4
I

 

a nu unit-tn iElanvu conunqu (a

have its woes. Mtnorlty rute negotiations in

South Africa and Rhodesia tested its national
conscience, Economic miseries continued.
resulting in the election of England's first
woman prime minister Margaret Thatcher
Northern Ireland reinained to be a major
thorn. The violent struggle for Irish iii-
dependence led by the IRA still plagued Brit-
tania. The decade of strife in the U K.
culminated this year with the tnitrder of British
was hero Lord Mountbatten arid the rejection
by the IRA of papal pleas to end the violence.

While the Red Brigade baffled Italian police
and terrorized citizens. the kidnapping and
murder of former prime minister Aldo Moro
shocked the Italians and caused somewhat of
a backlash against Italy's gaining Communist
Party. Once again. this nation changed
governments quicker than most people can

_ change tires.

In the course of twu months. the (‘atliolic
world had three popes. After I‘ope Paul VI
or. l’ope tlohn Paul I.
The consequent elec

 

died. his elected succ .
died after only (i weeks.
tioii resulted lit the first non Italian pope in
four hundred years "'.It his many itiurnt-ys.
the Polish Pope John l‘itul II captivated the
hearts of millions of worshippers world aide
with his charismatic style and wariit affection
Though many of the Church's controversial
doctrines have remained the same. a move
merit to reunite the Roman ('athoitr and
Iiastern Orthodox churches was recently
begun - a major development In the
t'L‘itltttlL'b'()l(l division among the Church. '

Like the l‘lttfl's. the established ideas of the
world changed in the I‘l7fl's. Events which
few Would have forecasted iii the beginning of
the decade are now providing the world with
hints of trends which will continue into the
l‘lflfl‘s

()ne trend which will probably continui- is
the lessening influence of the super nations
and the greater distribution of the world's
power. according to history professor
Lawrence Wittner.

“The [in iit trend shows a decline of U S.
and Russian control of the World." said Witt-
rier “There is a growing itidependehce of
ltift es not aligned to these nations. There are
definitely signs of it breakdown of the lll'pttlt'it

 

 

c'

World ”

' Of The Seventies

Madmen And Diplomacy“.

Wittner said that this trend will continue.
iless the world is engulfed in a major war in
the 1080's.

"One can look at the rise In power of
petroleum rich nations. In part. these coun—
tries were comparable to other third world na-
tions in that they were tinder the thumb of the
great powers. Now they play a major role in
the world." '

As far as the lessening of Rnssiati influence.
Wittner pointed out the development of Euro»
Communism. “This represents a breakdown
of Soviet influence and the Soviet model in
the industrial countries of Europe." In other
\vords. if a communist government is elected
iii Europe. chances are it won't answer to
Moscow

"It's clear now that there‘s a new course be-
ing chatted by Iintopeari Ctiiiununist parties‘."
said Wittner.

Political Science professor John (Sunnell
sees the next emrging power coming from
South Aiiiei'ica.

"There are rapid changes iii growth itt
South America." he said. "Especially in Brazil.
a country of vast natural resources and the
potential of being a world power."

(itiiriiell termed lira/ii as "a giant that has
gone unnoticed."

. "The groundwork has been laid for future
impact of tremendous import. It has incredible
potential. This would definitely transform the

   

 

Amerimﬁbrica:

continued roni previous page

when. while thousands of demonstrators mar-
ched in front of the White House against the li-
legal bombing of Cambodia. Nixon and his
friend Bebe Rebozo watched a football game
Inside.

An idealistic senator from South Dakota
seemed to many in 1072 to be an anecdote to
the harsh Nixon style. George McGovern had
a warm. personal. affectionate innocence to
his appearance which seemed like a glimmer
of virtue amid the corrupt seediness of the rul—
ing Republican party. However. McGovern
was clearly an incompetent. From the slop-
piness of his campaign. to the embarrassing
bungling of the E'igletoti affair. McGovern
proved to be a flake. At first supporting Iris
vice presidential candidate Senator Eagleton
“ 1000 percent”. and their dropping him a few
days later when the had reaction to Iiaglettin's
admission of prior psychiatric treatment caus-
ed a drop in McGovern's popularity.
McGovern lost both his credibility and the
respect of his youthful supporters

If any one trend ltas continued throughout
this decade it is the pulilic‘s constant disillu
sionment with their leaders. McGovern. upoti
whom so much Itad been entrusted. especially
by America's youth. had been a sour disap»

pointtnent Despite the new Iii year~old vote.

«Nasturtium '

 

character of international relations "

l’olictical Science professor Bruce Miroll
agrees that the superpoweis' influence over in}
teinattoital politics will be lessened III the
I‘lel's.

"We will see a hindrance in the ability of the
lJnitt'tl States to pitiiet‘t power econoiiiit’ally
and iirilitarily Ili light of Vietnam and the.
drastic changes tti et'tiitoiiut‘ dependence tn
the decade." he added.

for this country. international politics will
iet'ttnie intire toinplex and liltstratlng There
.vill he an increase in the dtvetstty of pttWer.
The nations which were treated as t Itents and
pawns of the super potvers will be motor
but es "

Miitiff added tltat the Soviet llirion will also
w .perit'iii e difficulties in this area.

"It is a fallacy to think that US failures and
problems iir international relations mean Rus-
sian successors." he said. “One example is the
current Muslim resistance to the proﬁovtet
regime itr Afghanistan "

With the super powers losing influence.
what should the world look for in the I‘Mfl's?

Miroff said that it Will he the conflict over the
global distribution of Wealth "More thait ever.
it will he the haves vs the have riots."

The I‘l7fl's. Internationally. it was a time of
rapid and momentous change  o
reorganization of power balances and
priorities. It was a time to realize limitations: a
time iii which the needs and demands of
literally hundreds of movements made
headlines It was time which has set the stage
for perhaps event more drastic changes in the
ilerailt' altead 70's

McGovern sustained one of the most
devastating losses iii presidential campaign
history Taking only ultra Democratic
Massacl’iusetts, losing even his home state of
South Dakota. McGovern handed Nixon an
overwhelming victory and the seeming coir
fitlence of the t’tllillliU The sixties eta idealism
had finally been truslietl

Though the pullout of American troops
from Vietnam occurred shortly thereafter.
Ainerita had a new tragedy on her hlootl
stained hands. Watergate proved the maxim
that "absolute power corrupts absolutely."
Ridiculously and pai'anoit‘ally agents (at least
one ex (TIA) of (‘lilililh the. aptly named
acrony't'n for the ("tuniniltee to lie-elect the
President, broke into the Democratic lieatl~
quartets iii the Watergate hotel. Spurred by
the smear campaign against Daniel Iillsherg for
disclosure of the set't'i't file on Vietnam, “he
l’entagon I’apeis." and others on Nixnn's
enemy‘s list. the Clililil’s sought. unnecessari-
ly. to ruin McGovern with gossip.

Watergate and the eventual cover-up.
which Nixon practically admitted involvement
in. caused Nixon's resignation and the citizens
of the seventies turned off for awhile duritig
the domestic and depressing Ford-Carter
years. I

The rest of the seventies (I‘t'ili-I‘W‘I)
became a recovery period for the country's
burnt aspirations. Dining 1971i 1975 inflation
rose more than 15 percent due to a variety of
causes including Nixon's disastrous Wage and
l"rtce contiols. the increasing of the national
deficit due to the Vietnam war. and a Iiiin rate
of unemployment. reaching H percent

Power Pl: 5 Onl. 4
The National K '

unemployment.

Now in the waning years of the seventies a
rebirth of spirit has grown among the youth ' w ‘
and the oppressed. The anti-Nuke movement ‘
has grown from asmafl grassroots effort to a '
major force. It has coalated diverse groups

rout

(8.500.000) of the population in 1975. We"
suffered at viscous cycle of inﬂation and

  
 

. i7
and directed that energy against not only 53
nuclear power but the greed and inhuman col- ir
dness that allows the energy corporations to ii
i.
e

value profit over human life. the very crimes
Nixon had been accused of in the early seven-
ties.

Have we come full circle in the dusk of this
dire decade or have we finally come to the
heart of the matter? Otin time will tell.

 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
  
     

  

 

70'-

 

