.043

. saw

 

r l World news briefs ‘-
Pi ' e aace a a issue asron newcall for
    'ydiitid'ii’iilzlglii‘ti"!:ndp“freedir:“l‘or PallestiiiianséEven before

WASHINGTON (AP) Organized labor charged yesterday Carter's ti/Vival. Egyptian Prime Minister Mustafa Khaltlsatd
that President Carter‘s proposed budget cuts for I980 wotlld his country had counter-proposals to the compromise sug-
be "devastating" to most Americans and would not make a gestions putforth by Carler.and said Egypt would continue to
signiﬁcant dent in the inﬂation rate. The AFL-ClO told Con- insist on a timetable for settingup an autonomous Palesttgitlin
gress that Carter. in response to public concerns about accel- authority in the Israeli-occupied West Bank. Carterdsai hie
crating prices and taxes. seems“wi|ling to risk recession.rising still seeks a "comprehensive ‘ peace that would tnclu he oht er
unemployment and cutbacks in vital social programs for the Arab nations and“reﬂect"thelegttimate needs ofall w o gyc
appearance of ‘fiscal responsibility.‘ " If Congress were to suffered in more than 30 years of conflict. a reference to e

accept Carter‘s cuts in social programs. “a recession would be Palestinians.

even more likely and millions of Americans would suffer ‘ I .
needlessly." chief AFL-CIO lobbyist Kenneth Young stud in   

testimony prepared for the House Budget Committee. “De-

spite this risk.the impact ofthis budget on inﬂation would be BANGKOK. "mu-"d (AP) Vicmam “is! yesterday "I‘m in_
"egllglbk'nsmd Young‘ stead of withdrawing its troops. China IS strengthening its

’ forces in the frontier area in preparation for more fighting and

' ° w V ' on Wednesday continued to attack Vietnamese border areas.
    “While their leaders talk about withdrawal.“ said Hanoi‘s
nticltem Begin Communist Party newspaper, INban Dari. “Chinese troops
came home front Washington yesterday and told his people co‘nttilrtulc kt:1:3;”:chli1]an.uﬁrmngmarpldypﬁgrpﬂng,5:22:12:

'- treat with E t within a few \vcc s. es a is imc ‘ ‘1 I . n, V

Iliir‘eiiuarg'iitid \veekyfor Ismail}: Begin declared Lifter economy and forcing it into povsrtty. 
landing at Iicn-Guiroti Airport. a few hours after President Intelligence officers "1 Bangkok sat It ere wasrny  I "E "I
Carter arrived in Cairo on the first stop of his Mideast peace muyor‘ftghling and there were lndlculllmS o a sma Jcae
mission. Begin sounded a combative note toward Israelis who withdrawal of Chinese units. Some Chinese unit-Zare :1ng
contertd thntlhc United States pushed himintocompromising pulled out but it ts too early  secldrarnsttslcglzncc‘ 
Israel's position and that Carter's visit is aimed at increasing \Vlllldl‘qull.“  one observer. bit-WI“  ﬂy”; (Itinlcggg
the pressure. "It is not true that he is coming to pressure us. He gradual ‘basts. llte pattern may Lcomc .
didn‘t pressure us irt Washington. and lie knew from the outset of days.

that no pressure would ltclp." Begin told reporters at art
Women Demand Freedom

.ttirport news conference. lfc rtrgcd his divided rtitliort togiyc a

lwarni welcome to the American president wltcn he arrives ‘
Saturday tiiglit. TEIIRAN, Iran (AP) More tltait K.t)fl() women. defiantly
wearing Western clothes and with their heads uncovered,
y . tnttrclicd throttglt a snowstorm irt central ’l’chran yesterday
    demanding that Iran's revolution not reduce their freedom.
. After gathering at Tehran university. the women. mainly col-
(‘MROt Elm“ (AP) PIC-“idem Curlers beginning" P“l:'."ll‘mlt!c lege and ltiglt school students. hcadcd down Sltalt Ite/a Ayc-
fl" Pull-'0 l" "W Mi‘lW-‘ilv “5‘50in i’C-‘lcrdﬂy hmh “ “'“rm ttue chanting. “No (‘httdur!"nnd“At The Dawn Of l‘rccdom
welcomeanda rcmindcrtltttt tough issues stillstttnd in the way wc Haw N0 Freedom!" A; may marched “Mind the “mm.
“1‘ 3‘" Et—i‘l‘lliln'lsfﬂcn PWCL' "WU" “"5 “r "I‘m-“MS or of Ayatollah Mahmud 'I‘alcgharti. ’I'chran's senior religious
enthusiastic Egyptians lined tltc street as Carterand [Egyptian tender. lhe “lumen Wm tmrmhscd by gmum of young mm

TEL AVIV. Israel (AP) Prime Minister Me

 

 

l‘WSlds‘m ANN" Sill-ii“ 5‘00“ l“ 1|“ "PC" Ci" While ""Wlinl! and titre sutallgathcring of women wearingchadiirs. the black,
"0m Calm “PW” ‘0 “N form“ "W31 P‘di'ilcc “hm Curler head-to-toc traditional Islamic covering worn by women rtt

\

Tanyanian troops and Ugandan esilcs. With most of

a

Iran. The chadttr was adopted by thousands ofwomen during
the revolution as a mark of solidarity with the'revolt of
Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini against the rule of the shah.
But once the revolution triumphed many women cast it aside
in favor of Western dress.

Mondale Seeks Tight Budget

NEW YORK (AP) Vice President Walter Mondale says a
constitutional amendment to require a balanced budget could
damage the US. Constitution and deny jobs for a large scg.
merit of Americans. “We need a tight budget," Mondale llC~
knowledged. “but we need a budget that is humane and rc.
sponsive to those that need it." Mondale spoke Wednesd' v
at a Social Democrats USA dinner where Sol Chaikin. prcgl'.
dent of the International Ladies Garment Workers Union.
was honored. “There are times when we need a budget to”.
plus." the vice president said. “Now we have a time um.
calls for ,budget restraint. but there are also times when lltc
federal government has to stimulate the economy in get nu...
ple back to work." Mondale also said he believed America,“
would understand if President Carter failed with his Midcttsl
peace proposals. "We still have a substantial way to go,“ to
achieve an accord between Egypt and Israel. he said.

Amin Preparing His Troops

NAIROBI. Kenya (AP) Foreign observers cspcct Ugandan
President ldi Amirt to launch a courttcr-oflcrtsiic iii about a
week with sirablc Libyan aid against art Invasion force of

west Uganda rcportcd itt tltc bands of l1l\ crtcmics. Airtiri stud
il counteratttick was iit tltc offing and called oit his troops lrt
fight to the last titan. Radio Uganda said Wednesday lhc
military council unanimously appointed Antlii clticl of stall.
giving hint direct command of tire armed forces. '1 ltc council
said it actcd "liccriusc of Atnirt's ability its a \ycll—ttattrcd
professional soldth . . .to carry out lltc itrtmcttsc mission ill
smashing ittyrrdittg foiccs tllltl liberating l‘grinda front lllHltl'
irtg Itttt/artiaus. mciccrtarics and eyilcs." lltc hltilttlclhl did
not say \that Itrippcucd to tltc former chief of stttlf. Mat. (it-n
lbralniti Mondo.

 

 

manner the needles: 1

 

 

BeAShowOTi

lintry forms will be available March l2 for the sixth annual
student cxhibition at the SUNYA University Art Gallery. The
exhibition will run frorn April l7 tltorttglt April 29.
Any student who is registered at SUNYA duringthc ctirrctii
semester. or who was registered last semester. is eligible to
enter the exhibit. Students may submit two works in any
medium. including but not limited to painting. sculpture.
prints. drawings. ceramics jewelry. photographs. multimedia.
concepts. lilm. itsscmbltig s. and video. All works must have
been excculctl during the l‘)7li—l97‘) academic year.
Skidmorc (‘ollcgc Art Deparliticnt ('hnir Lois Swttrnof'f
will iudgc the cxhibit. She will chose approytrttntcly lcri works
for the .illfltr's Award ol Merit pri/cs.

Meet Those Deadlines

Assistant Director of the Iiinanctal Aids Office llttrvcy
Iiuth said yesterday that many important dcadlincs arc ap-
proaching that his office feels students should be aware of.
The deadlines all affect Unit-79 applications. tint ones for next
fall. lltttli said.

The closest deadline is for Basic (irant applications. accord-
ing to llittb. These must be received in Iowa by March IS.
“Most students have already taken can: of that one.“ llutlt
5mg. "bULlhcrﬂ'S lil'w‘lyﬁ Wm” “I”: "nub-u ‘ I If your first reaction upon pickittg tip tltc ASP is to throw
 i           

I H ' f - you a constructive place It) do so.
must be returned It! lltC MJNYA l‘l'mm'lill Aid-5 0m“ h)’ Starting Mttrch l4. recycling bins for old newspaper will be
May 23. Iltttli said. placed irt all lower lobbies and in the flitgroortis oft-very quad

The last deadline is for ’l'Al' tlitlv All TAP“PPllCﬂlil’l'HOr except Dutch. 'I‘hesc new bins will be iii addition to those
the 78-7‘) school year must be ittto the Higher Education “truudy placed on Alumni Quail. ‘
Services ('orporatitm (HIESC) Office in Albany by Milli-‘1'“: According to NYI'I RC. tltc rccyclirtg effort was ot‘giinilcd

llnth addctl that SUNYA has received a roster of students in rcwomu m t. "gmwtngcunccm for the cuttimnmcm by me
cnrollcd iti I AP from the IIISSC. Any students withqucstions ciii/cns of the campus community.“ .
about thctr'l AP payments should inqtiirc ciiheratthc Finan~ so if your bird cage is already lined. drop off your old
ciiil Aids office, the Student Accounts Office or the IZOP ASP or Daily News iii the recycling biit on your quad.
office.

Throw This Away

T
Apartheid Forum

The SUNY Albany (‘ontmittccl Against Apartheid.
ASUBA. and groups from around the state will be meeting
Saturday to discuss apartheid and SUNY divestment. I

[lie meeting will take place in l.cclurc Ct:ltlL'l’~l3. and “I”
to (i pm. For a $2 registration I'cc. [lilt‘

run from 9 a.tit.
ticipants will rtot otin discuss tltc issue ill hurtd. bill also view

two related films.
I'hc mcciirtg is opcrt to all interested pcnplc. and registra-

tiott opens at X230 tt.|ll.

Is The Testing True?

I’ttit‘cr (iRli‘s. LASI ‘s tIlltl M('.i\ l 's arc the goals of the
New York Public Interest Research (il’ltllplNYI’lI{(i)Clltltlls
to be working for as It legislatiyc pctitiori dine gets underway
til SUNYA.

The lobby group is ctirrctttly collcctittg signatures itt sup
port of It 'l‘t‘utli ttt 'l'csting bill. wlticlt. iri the words of NYI’I IU-
IOhh.\'ist Slcvc Cary. is "art important first step in pH“ |dIIIl1
dcspcr‘atcly ticcdcd consumer protection for the tcst—trtkct "

The bill. sponsored iii the state Scuttle by lligltcr ltlllt‘tt'
lion Committee Chairman Kenneth l.aVa|letR-Snffo|kl and
iii the Assembly by Albert Viirtti (l)-llrook|ytt) and hair I a—
l'uycltc ( D-Quccns). will be considered sometime nch tttotttlt.
One of tltc bill's functions would be to rcquirc testing cor-
PUI'i'lii‘ns to provide tttorc detailed information about th‘H
tests to students who have registered to take them. lhe I ttttlt ‘
iii 'lcstirtg Ilill would also make test corttcst available to
kllltlt‘lllh. protect the confidentiality of’scorcs. and make maul-
ablc studies of tltc test on rcqttcst.

Director of tile petition drive Allan Reicltmrtn feels that
SUNYA will respond \chI to the signature-getting effort. "I be
overwhelming support demonstrated by SUNYA studcnis lot
the Truth itt 'I'cstittg hill is tttt indication of tlic grcttt ttccil for
legislation that protects tltc rights of students who must ttikcri
stitnditrdi/cd multiple choice test." ltcicltnian said.

NYI'IRG will also be involved in a live plionc-itidiscussion
of tire Truth in Testing liill ncst Friday. Mtttch to at (t p.m.
over WCI)".

 

 

 

 

K .

PAGE Two ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

 

 

gsmya news briefi/J

MARCH 9, I979

 

 

by Ashton E. Thomas

"A survey oti academic advise-
ment is being administered to
SUNYA students. We hope the
results will determine which alterna’
lives. if any. students prefer to the
present advisement system." said
Craig Weinstock.chairmanofrisub-
committee charged with compiling
students‘ opinions about SUNYA
advisement.

Weinstock‘s subcommittee is part
of tlte Committee on Undergraduate
Academic Advisement (CUAA).
which was established to study

problems with the advisement
system at SUNYA. said Laurence
Farrell. chairman of CUAA.
Wciiistock. with the assistance of
SA Director of Academic Concerns
Hugh Hill. is taking a' random
sampling of 500 undergraduate
students to determine their views on
the present advisement system. peer
advisement. and career planning.
said :tirrell.
‘ "My subcommittee is also involv-
ed with it study of advisement sys-
tears on other college campuses.
There is a possibility that SUNYA

Albany Student Union
Willlsobby Next Week

Tiighting Tuition Hike

liy Micheli- Israel

I'hc Albany Student Union
(ASU) is expecting 75 to fill) stud-
cuts to participate itt next week‘s
lobbying efforts to prcvcnt tltc tui»
iiort hike. according to ASll coor-
dinator IIt'ticc ('rottin.

lbc "tttttss lobbying." to he held
March 12 arid I}. will cnablc stud»
cuts to speak to llrcir Assctrtblytticn
or Senator and attempt to prcssurc
lltctri to sign a bitdgctary petition.
Appointments will be made with
Democrats itt thc asscrubly. (‘ronirt

stud.

“Asscrnhlyntcn are not used to
sccittg It) or l5 pcoplciri ilictt offices
at lllIL'L'. ‘lltctc arc two types of

power involved here mottcy and
people. 'I lie students have to put the
prcssitlc tilt." said Cronin.

Assembly Spcrikci SlrittIt-y link
has challenged Sl Ni students to
collect petitions ptoting llicy llil\t.'
lcgislatitc support. If tltc students
are successful. link will |tll\ll for thc
S‘IJ ittillioti. "Fink must make
tuition a priority." said ('roiriu.

A lcltcr writing ctirtipttiglt Itasttlso
bccir initiated to gain rtturc support
from Asscnrblymcn. ()ncontrt State
has alrctiy sent 700 letters to the
legislature. (‘iortin said that lllllll.
lcttcrs arc c\pcctcd from Albany.

“We should he tiblc to get the Sill
million lrotn a SIZ billion budgct."
stlid Cronin.

 Advisement Survey Gbing'OnNow' ‘

’will be able to adopt some of these
systems." said Weinsioek.‘ a.

"Weinstock's subcommittee hasa
difficult task to accomplish. but lam
pleased with their present progress."
said Farrell.

CUAA has been divided into
three subcommittees. Weinstock
chairs one. The others are chaired by
himself and Michael Dobson.‘ac-
cording to Farrell.

“Dobson‘s subcommittee is.
charged with studying advisement
incentives for faculty. wltile nty sub-
committee is studying the advise-
ment systems of all the departments
tit SUNYA." said Farrell.

CUAA is to report its findings and
proposals April I. to As istttnt Vice
President for Academic Affairs
llclctt I)csfossos. said Farrell.

thn asked to corttrticrtt on
pliiptisttls that will be made by his
stibcoittrttiltcc. l’aitcll said it would
be [‘l’t‘slllllplllttlls of him to discuss
committee proposals publicly. hc—
crtttsc of his cltritt tuartslrtp of (HA A.

He did say lllill since SUNYAK
(lL‘PitlllltL‘llh \iII_\ grcatly. botlt irt
si/c and typc of iltl\ isctucitl giycri. Itc
bclicycd the issuance of a "blanket"
proposal to be almost intposstblc.

According to l)obsou. “the
members of tltcstihcntttmiitcc uttrtn-
imously bclicyc rewards and ittccit-
lites that influence tcrtutc would he
lltc most effective \tlillllttll to lltc
prcscul tttlytscuicnt problems. bitt
tltcy do not believe that such
changes could be iittplcrucnicd
immcdiritcly."

He said his committee has tlcvcl-

A survey now belng taken wlll sample advisement opinions.

.-l your] {It/\‘lel‘ IIItlI' gi'l l'l'll'lff'tll’tl.

oped tlllt'ltlilll\L' tttcasiitcs that
could be itnplcritcittcd itirmcdnrtcly:
good :Itl\l\itl\ would It'L't‘lH‘ :I Itirttp
\lllll slipctttl. reduce the course load
of good illi\l\ttl\ ltortt llllL'L' to Hill
l‘tillINL‘N pct si'lliL‘slt‘t. lllttl gryc IIICIII
stirtttnct classes \\llll fctt students to
provide time for iitdcpcrttlcut re-
search.

(In linking tcntiic \titlt adyisc-
ructit, Political Science ("hair
t‘lnrilcs lnrltoii said. "Making aid-

Senate Says No To Conservative’s Taiwan Bill .

WASHINGTON (AP) The Senate
on 'l'ltursdtty narrowly rejected a
move by conscrvntivc opponents of
l’rcsidcnt (‘artcr‘s (‘hinit policies to
declare that it Cltincsc attack on
'l'itiwati would threaten tltc security
interests of lltc United States. ,

Willi Vicc l’t‘csidcrtt Wiiltcr Ii.
Mondale on hand. the Scuttle
defeated 50-42 a proposal dccltiting
ti mililt 'y llll‘lel against 'Iaiwan
would he a threat “to tltc scctirily
interests" of the Unilctl Statics.

For more than an hour and a half.
the president was on the brink of it
stunning foreign policy tlclcttt.

fly on carlicr 49-45 mm. thc
Sctttttc lliltl l'LIltsL‘ti to sci aside a
tottin 'f'tttwnit wr ttrtiy uutcndulctit

Sliilc ()riutl.

to Ihc rightful tiyyttct

front I to It) pm

 

rErime Prevention Unit i
Will Engrave Valuables

Sl'VYA \llltlL‘llh will be gcllirtg tl cltztttcc to bow lllL'II \ttlti.tli|cs
cot-rated and rcgtsicrctl on a nationwide scale ill the coming \Kt't‘ks
I’ttiiccl ldcttlilicalion. .i iotril effort by lltcSl‘.\\ 1‘. ( 'rtirtc I’ictcitttrtu
Unit. lllt' \cyi York State Ht‘pttlllllt'lll of ('ttininal .lttsitcc Sci\tccs
tlllll tlic SUNYA Rcsitlcrtcc Stall \\Ill be kicking off Monday on

According to Sl‘VY ‘\ Sccuttt\ ()llicc Douglas Kciu. l’lttlct'l ldcn<
tilicatton litttI|\L'\ Iltc cttgtnying of \iilutthlcs such as lclc\l\lt|ll\.
cameras and slclctrs with national ciimc Information ntintbcis.
Should troy poltcc rtgcncy lit the US I'L‘t'iI\t'I ll stolen or lost rtiticlc \\llll
such .’I number. they can tttctcly plug ll rrilo tltc lltllltllltli crime tuloi-
ttiutltrit syslcrri and II ttrit lit" llilt't'tl brick to Its owner.

If it i‘tlllllL‘t'lliill in llltttlt‘ to SUNYA. Kcrit \illtl. tltc rcgrstcrctl
posycssioit till] be hunted on |I|c and tilt" oyyrtct tioliltcd. "Ilcgtsw
lct'itlg \itltitiblcs is :t known tlctctictii to tint-\cs and ‘lciiccsf " ac»
cording to Kent. "and litt‘lilltllt‘\ lilL‘ IL'llIlll of \Iolcn or first property

()ilit'L‘H “Ill be \ INIlllltl ilotru lobbies \tttlt ltlltll‘ttllttl crtgtiitcts. said
Kctn. starting \\Ilil Autltony-(‘oopci llttlls on March IE front 7 to II
p.irt. (lit the following IIIlllIlN they will be stationcd irt l‘tllliillvilvlllil.
McbiIIc-Eilcritrtit'tI. lltltl |:tpprtn»\\'htttnatu ilalls. also Itottt 7 to II
pm. IItcy will finish up Stare ()urid on 'Mtitch l7iul1ristmtiu Iouct

Kciu sttcsscd lilt' iiiipottanct' of hitting \tilittiltlcs registered. and

.J

(It’llt'tl .tll students to prttttctpaic ill the prop-ct,

proposed by Sen. Charles I'crcy. lb
lll v
Senate Majority Leader Rolicrt
liyrd succeeded. ltowcvcr. irt chang-
ing enough totes in micro: the
outcome. allowing ('tit‘lct' to cscripe
what wotild lrayc liccn tl motor
congressional setback.

Actitig on a similar ('hinri bill. tltc
Ilotts'c approycd by yoicc true art
timcndtncnl pledging that Ilic Unil-
cd States “will maintain its capacity
to t‘csisl" thc use of (‘hincsc force
against 'l'aiwau. Iiitt llottsc mctn-~
bcts later turned down. 22l-l4‘). a
proposal pledging that tltc United
States would " ct to ntcct iltc
tltirtgcr" if Pck'ing should attack

 

'l'tiiwntt.

Moments before lltc first votc.
Scti. I'lilllk ('Iiitr'cb. I)-Idtiho.cliait»
rtititt of llrcScttatc I'tiicigu Rcltttiotts
('oritrtttttct'. sitttl ll thi: Scritttc
apptotcd a I;II\\ilIl security tiill that
\iolulctl agreements with I’ckitig.

tltc president “has only orrc rccoursc.

and lllill is in vcto tlic‘liill."

Iiailtct. in it lcltcr to other

scrititttis. l’ci’cy said wotkigri orr
laiwtttt's security approval by tile
Scoutc i‘ttl'clgll Relations (‘oritmil-
tcc “as too \ycrik.

Kai

I’lio/o: Atom .S'It'inlt-miI/i

\iscincut a consideration lor tcrttirc
would encourage pooi'scliularship ”

"I\Il\l\lll}! dot-s not take it gtcat
tlt‘tli of “NW rrurty from scltolrrslit
tcscatclt." \llltl lailion. He added
that most students want lltl\l\t‘lllClll
two or ilttcc necks bclotc pic-I'Cllls—
ltatiott. and tire minority of thc
sllltlt‘lils just want thcit cartlssigttctl.

If the time factor did become ti
problem for lttculty members it
would be prudent to rcli’cvc tltosc
faculty members Irottt cottinttiicc
work. said lttt‘ltttn.

Wcinstiic ' added that title to
some tcclit ctil piiihlciti approx-
imately ltltt titldrcsscs were not cut-
icci of the Sillipcrsons in the sample.
He stressed the importance trfflttisc
If)“ people taking notice tif'un aid in
today‘s xtb‘l‘ which provides them a
form to git c the group their correct
atldr'csscs.

Trustees Recommend Room Rise

Wendy Greenfield

lhc SUNY Iloriid of Irtistccs
I’xccutitc (‘ominittcc rccomntcud-
ed on l-ridrty it $50 tticrcrtsc iii
dortitttoiy room I'L‘lll‘s lot iltc |‘)7‘)—
h'fl sclttltllv r. according to 'I rnslcc
Stcyc Allinch

Ilic lioui‘rl of Ititst-ccs ts cxpcclctl
to approve tltc iccotttincntloliort at it
nit-cling scheduled for March 27.
\illtl Alltrii'cr

\llrttgci stitrl thc totitrt talc ilikc
'\r|l zilltm Sl'NY to make the
llt't't'\~-.tl\ L'tllllltlllt‘lll It'pltlt'L‘lllL‘lll
and rtititnlcttrtitcc repairs in tltc
dot lllllill tcs “ | ltc irii'tcasc has
'ioilritig to do with \Ul\lt'|lli.' funds
for rhc dcbt." soul Allrngcr,

Act'oidiug to SUNY \IIL’L' f'ltrin-
cclloi‘ for lithium and littslltt‘ss
llarry Spiiidlci tltc tlcbl sctyrcc Iol
SIINY tcsitlcncc facilities isttpproy»
ttuatcly Sill million a year. ()pcrrit-
ittg ctisls art- SIS ttttlliott. llic annual
IC\L'IIllt.' lot |‘)'/l<»7‘) is $44 million.

lltc ti\t‘li|ll cost of lltc dorms
“illL'll include» tltc dcbt-scivicc and

the Ctisls of operation lk htiﬁ itttlliott. t

he suitl i)! this amount. l\\‘tl-llllltl\
ol the money is supported by roont
tctil and ouc»lhiiil by slzilc tax
dollars. I
'I be last toont talc ritcicasc was “I
l‘)7(i. according to Spittdlcr. witcn
room rates \yctc ltikcd blflll pcr yczir.
“Since then. Illc cost of opciation
has gone itp Slot) pct lictl. llic ‘55“
rise in room icitt will cover ball the
tipcltlllllp cost Illt'ICilSL'l llic i'cst of

tho cml “I” lit: suppoi'ci! by \ltllt'
tippiopitniioit.

Spintllci said lltc tlpt’tttllllli.’
tiliiciitluictt'. to lilt‘ (ioyctooi ‘s |iltl<
poer but i't lot l‘)7‘)»li)h'fl tittist
\ltL‘t’lh Illill lliis SSII ttrcrctisc bc usctf
ftir titllllllitll't L'tlllllllIlL'lll Icpltit‘t'—

lIlL‘lll.

According to Spindlcr tlornt
bonding is not ctttritcclcd with
ilt'tttiL‘llllt.‘ bonding. SllNY’s I‘L‘\itlL‘ll-
ital Irtcrltttcs trrc funded by the New
York State |)ottttitor'y Authority
\ylitlc tltc academic facilities rirc
lttutlctl by iltc llouxirtg l’ittttnrc
«\titliotily tlil'A).

A recommended hlke In room rates may take effect next year.

l'rti‘int: more {or n [lftll't' In \ltll'.

I'fmltt

 

MARCH 9. I979

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE THREE

 

