 

  

 
 
 
 
    
    
   

 

 

 

 

 

illlbulxK‘LKliiti‘fdl‘zﬁ

, Columns 1

 

 

.3.
l’:
by Lloyd Bishop

The University Senate has been directed to
look into the issue ofhonors requirements. By
November. the Undergraduate Academic
Council (UAC). a committee of tire Senate.
will report back with their recommendation.

A proposal being considered would raise
the requirements. Presently a student needs a
3.0 for Cum Laude. a 3.4 for Magna Cum
Laudc and a 3.7 for Summa Cum Laude. if
the proposal were to become effective one
would need a 3.23 for Cum Laude. a 3.5 for
Magna Cum Laurie and a 3.75 for Summit
Cum Laude. These new rcqrrirements would
not affect students currently crtrolicd unless
the student so chooses.

The arguments for and against are
becoming more heated. Proponents clrrim
that during this era ofgrade inﬂation. which is
tltc phenornerta where educational standards
are not as high as they once were tltrrs allowing
fora gr ‘atcr number ofhigh grades to be given
than were given in the past. honors
requirements should be raised because too
many students are graduating with them.
During the I977-7tt school year. for example.
44.x percent of otrr gradtrates attained a cum
ofat leasta 3.0. 'i’hedirectivc to the University
Senate to look into the issue alleges.“lt is
highly doubtful that 45 percent of otrr
undergraduates are genuinely deserving of
honors." Further. the proponents assert that
the distinction of honors at SUNYA is
damaged when this percentage of students
receive them and that there could be long-
rangc. detrimental effects on the University‘s
reputation. ifthe proposal were to be passed it
is hoped that students would be forced to
work harder to "make the grade" thus
maintaining or improving our reputation for
graduating qualiﬁed. well-educated young
adults.

Proponents would also like us to keep in
mind that students applying to SUNYA.
assuming the policy is in effect. would know
about the higher honors requirements. in
effect no one would be affected if they chose
not to be.

Those on the other side of the issue also
present a strong case. They note. first of all.
the sentiment that a 3.0 isn‘t easy to achieve
and maintain here at SUNYA. .T‘nese who
- hold this sentiment. the opponent‘s stress. are
among the Albany student body ~— students
which were accepted into what has been

 
    

    

       

 

M ,. A. . . .
acclaimed to be the most selective school of
any state university system in the country.
Students who attend Albany are qualitv
students. The mere fact they were accepted
attests to this. not to mention the fact that ifa
student even graduates from this institution it
is a feat in itself. Opponents assert the world
beyond Perimeter Road is aware of this and
that our rcptrtation is high.

In addressing the dircctive's charge that 45
percent of otrr trndergradttrrtcs cannot be
deserving ofhonors opponents claim it is not
proper to attempt to predetermirre witat
percetrtage of students will receive a particular
grade. For example. when a student walks
into a class on the first day is it fair for the
professor to tell him that grading will be on a
curve thus effectively placing a limit on the
number of students who will receive a
particular grade'.’ Opponents believe it is not.
Whether It) percent or 40 percent deserve art
“A” or "it“they believe the student should get
it, The same should be held true for honors I
it one genuinely deserves it should he rtot be
t‘ewardcd'.’

 

 

j:- g:
4

Returning fora momertt to our student on
the first day ofciasscsthose against the honors
change also are concerned with the increased
competition the proposal would create. in our
classroom the students would by vying almost
viciously for the few "A‘s" and "B's" to be
given out. This naturally could only prove to
be unconstructive to tire learning experience.
Opponents project that the University‘s
attempts to get undergraduates to work
harder could have concommitant cost which
may be too high. Besides. why should the
pressure for reducing grade inﬂation be
placed entirely on the students? Could not the
faculty be asked to deal with this inflation
from their end in the classroom. to intprovc
their commitment to teaching in order to
maintain the educational quality it is feared
may be slipping away?

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

M“

A Din Over Quinn

To the Editor:

Kindly permit me to respond to the
provocative issues that were raised in two
letters by Kevin Quinn in the ASP of
September 2|. I979.

in America. nowand in the past. power has
been wielded by a few. for their own benefit.
and used to oppress and exploit the majority
of the populace. as Mr. Quinn suggests. This
common knowledge prompts questions that
inquire into the means by which the situation
has developed and persisted. Poweris wielded
by interests. call them wealthy, special. or
whatever. by the employment ofthe agency of
the state. inﬂuence and power are bought.
gained directly by ofﬁce holding. or secured
by other means in a government that does.
ultimately by naked police power, invade,
restrict. and control virttrally all of the
enterprise in this country. Governmental
control of the money supply has proved to
have staggering and damaging consequences.
r'.r-., it is tltc government that has inﬂated it.
which ltas caused the rising price
phenomenon. Add to this the many laws that
ltavc been enacted by national. state. and local
legislative bodies throughout the history of
the country. Also. do not forget the
multitudinous rules and regulations that have
been promulgated by the various
administrative and quasi-judicial agencit.
departments. t'l ul. of the three levels of
government over the cottrse of the country‘s
existence. Taking all ofthis into aceotrnt. one
cannot dispute the pervasiveness of
governmental intrusion into the affairs of the
poptrlacc.

Let tne take the liberty ofirnptrtirtg slightly
socialist overtones to the criticism contained
in Mr. Quinn‘s letter. What is the history of
every socialist regime? Is there one that has
true economic freedom and prosperity as
opposed to governmental control and
planning (read: outright dictatorship and
inefﬁcient economics) together with civil
liberty? Does a socialist system ofgovernrncnt
show more potential for individual freedom

 

awrid less potential for abuse of power than u
non-socialist system of government as
described below?

There is no evil that inheres in the capitalist
system. Capitalism. in an unfettered economy
that is characterized by volunta ry exchange. is
one example ofa wholly legitimate. free. and
non—coercive economic system that crrn “rim
The evil that is currently imputed to
capitalism is the outcome of an unltolv
mixture of socialism and fascism that is. h).
the government. inﬂicted on the economy.
perverting and shackling it and prttsliltllittg‘it
to the service ofthe special interests that hold
sway in the government. it is the eta-55,...

regulation and taxation of L'Cllllitllli';
enterprise. together with inﬂation. that
discourages business activity and hence

reduces the number of existing jobs, hinders
the development of potential jobs. and
impairs the feasibility of the ittitiatiorr ot ilt'\\
business. This is what perpetuates the storm oi
the “downtrodden” who are nun-owners til
the means of prod uctiort. They can‘t get ahtutd
because they are not able to compete. not
because of"unfair competition“ by thmt- \\ m,
are already established. but because ill
government manipulation.

With respect to power artd its citcct till lln'
populace. history has repeatedly sltotstt that
power is abtrscd regardless of the hand» III
which it resides and the nominally benelu It'ill
uses to which it is putatively being ptrt. l'rr\\t'l.
we rntrst remember. is sought only b_\' llltt'tt‘
who seek to usurp the liberties tll Ullti'r».
exploit others. and impose their “I” upon
others. Those who have no such ambitions tllt
rtot seek power; to them. it is useless .lllrl
burdensome, Moreover. there it. .lt]
otttragcous arrogance in those who asset] the
outright lie whose boldness artd ertorntttt r‘llt'
worthy of Hitler that they and their cohorts
crtn run other people's lives far better titan
'ach can rtrn his own life. There is no good.
advisable. or safe distribution of power.

What solution. then. is there to this
problem”? Government should have no ptmcr
at all. except that which is ne‘ sary to
protect the country from foreign invader‘sand
domestically to protect the populace against
force and fraud, r'.e., real criminality.

I Any other activity on the part ot the

     

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
     
   

 
 
 
 

Wild Ghlld
Perry: . ,

 
  
  
       

 

On The
Road
To '
Find
Out
the

 
   
     
       
     
      
    
       
    
       
 

   
  
  
  

   
   

m

   
  
   
       
  
   

    
   
 

     
  
 

[5 Le care Amen-team

   
 
  
     
    
 
    

The Friends of

W

     

 

       
      
  

 

Another consideration to be aware of isn-‘t
immediately apparent but willbe quite serious
if the proposal should become a reality.
Another idea that has been brought up could
very possibly result in plus/ minus grading
becoming a reality on this campus. With the
concern the University is showing towards
grade inﬂation it is logical to assume that less
"A‘s" will be given out since the professor can
instead give out “B pluses"and "A minuses“.
This phenomena coupled with an increase in
honors requirements no doubt means an even
smaller number of deserving students will
receive honors. Opponents ofthe proposal are
extremely concerned over this combination.

As of yet the proponents have not addressed
this issue.

in an attempt to get a grasp on how iltt'
student body feels about this question your
Student Association will be conducting 1i
survey on the issue through the vehicle of lllt'
Central Council Academic Allairs
Committee. The survey will be on dintth ltttr‘s
for on-campus students anti irt the ('arnpns
Center for off—campus students. it is askcrl
that you take the survey, whether you‘re PW'
con or undecided, and answer the ten
questions honestly. Only in this way cart
Student Association respond to your llL't‘tls
and wishes.

 

 

TO MAKE PRODUCTS.
W5 MAKE

 

 

 

 

   
   
     
        
     

David lohansen:
Ready To M

      

 

      
          
      
  
    
   

 

                 
 
  
 

m

Goes To Town

  

(collie, (collie

    
     
  
 
  
  
  
        
 
      
      
   
      
      
     
    
    
 

  

 

