-...«.4....~..... . ~e x‘ ,..,_.

 

.. «gm...__v.._._......_._....~.... ..

 

 

""waadctpsul“

Possible 2nd “Son of Sam”

NEW YORK (AP) An investigation into whether anotlter
man ltelped David Berkowltz commit the “Son of Sam"
murders has ofﬁcially spread to two states. it was learned
Thursday. Berkowitz pleaded guilty to six eottttts of first-
degrcc tnttrder and said he was tltc Sort of Sam wlto sltot six
voting persons in a year-long terror spree tltat ended with his
.rrrest in 1977. When cattgltt. lte told police tlte killings were
a obediettcc to detnonic orders he received tltrottglt ltis
teigltbor in Yotrkers. Sam Carr. and Carr‘s dog. Police said
ast week that the mysterious Feb. lo. I978. deatlt of Sam
t.‘arr's son. John Carr. 3]. in Minot. N.l)., was being
investigated as a possible tnttrder cottttccted to the Son of
Sam killings. Sources in New York said .‘Ihursday that
Queens District Attorttey John .I. Suntucci also has ordered

F Anound CAMpus

 

Can-Can Campus Cleanup

On Saturday. October 20th. the New York Public Interest
Research (irottp lttc. [NYl’lR(i) will sportsora bottle clca'tr-
up march in downtown Alharry. 'l'ltc nrarch will begitt at
t.1 tltl noon at the corner of Western Avenue atul t'attritlge
Street. near Alttttuti Quad. Mareltcrs will pick up beverage
'ts tltey proceed toward the (inventor ‘s Matrsion

 

container.
on lagle Street.

NYPIRU plarts to demonstrate tltat beverage containers
comprise a major portion of litter in albany. 'l lte marelt is'
orte of trtatty beirtg held by NYPIRU cltapters tltroughottt
the state on Saturday.

lltc consumer group ltopes that the thatch vvill cttcottt'agc
the passittg of “bottle bill" legislation. which would make
Ieposits on beverage containers trtatrdatory.

 

 

 

Voiding Voting Vetoes
Have you been denied Albany Cotrtrty voter registration?
Help is on the way' SA Legal Servic attot rtey Jack l ester
requests that all “rejectees” bring their letter of rejection.
with its envelope and the questiottairc to the SA office as
.oott as possible. ’I ltis itrformatiott will aid itt drawing up
test 'ases to _cltallcngc the election law.

 

 

 

Students ltave also been planning a t'ally at lltedowtttowtt
otliccs ol the Albatty County lloard ol' l:lL‘Ciltllls. l'hcgrottp
vvlll protest election law labelled “diserintittatory to
students." l he rally will be held ’l'ttesday beginttitrg at noon,

 

 

v

'u,.

i re Sleepy”

  
   
  

 

Would yott like to have yottr consciousness altered'.’ You
' ltavc your eltattee. A hypnosis seminar. featuring
:tcclaimcd hypnotist .lohn Kottsch will be presctttcd at |21tltl
noon itt tlte Campus Center Assembly Hall. Kolisch‘s talk
will be lollowcd by a "hypnotic" perfortttattcc and
alcmonstration. complete with audience pat'ticipatiort.

llli

 

 

llclicvcrs and non~believcrs are invited to attctrd.

lllt' case reopened. Sartlucci‘s ol'licc refused cotrtttrcttt bttt
.outces close to the case said the district attorrtey had
tlttcctctl his ltottricide bttreatt to take a look at the new
evtdcrtee. llte sources asked not to be quoted by name.
llerktrwitl. vvlto insisted he acted alone when arrested
\ttgttst It). W77. ts servittg a JIS-ycar sentence at Attica
prison. John (‘att‘s death at Minot Air l‘orce llase was
tentatively listctl as a suicide after the ittitial investigation.
bttl atttltot'ities ttevcr closed the case. Last week it was
reported that while question John ('arr‘s friends. his
relationship with llerkowitr and his apparent thorough
knowledge at the Sort of Sam killings emerged. "We have
evidence that they knew each other.“ said Lt. ’l'erry
(iardener of the sheriff's office in Ward County. NJ). in art
interview with The Associated Press last week he said."’l’hey
appeared to be associates. 'l'hey kttcw eaelt other well."
(iartlener also said Can was ottt of North Dakota xltlring a
tour-month period when some murders occurred. ()n
lttesday. (lardener ttrld the Minot Daily New 2 "We ltave
received rtcvv information that Carr was itr fear ltrr his life
Itonr someone back liast that he was afraid of."A|though
city police lterc detticd again ’l‘hursdttyyhat any new pt'obc
had begun. (iardener asserted last week that the New York

 

 

ccntly as

homicide detectives’ had been in Minot as re
followup

September and that there was frequent
correspondence.

Killer Consents To Death '

CARSON CITY. NEV. (AP) D‘ath Rovv inmate Jesse
lltshop. live days away from execution. said Wednesday
there’s“a lot of lit'c left in me"- but tto way to live it. llishop.
46. sentenced to death lit the gas chamber on Mottdtty for
killing a tnatr in it fits Vegas casino. sad in art exclustve
ittter ew that he would stick vvitlt his dc isiort not to appeal
lit the federal cottrts basetl upon “strong personal
convictions." llte NAACP Legal Defense l‘und ltas tiled an
llth-hottr request asking the US Sttprerne Court to
reconsider its ()et. | decision to allow the excctttitut - lirst itt
Nevada since lilttl. llut llishop said the group is only using
ltittt as a “promotional gimmick.“ “'l hey don't ltave any
hopes of getting anything." he said. “It's a legal rrtove they
wouldn‘t tttakc it it didn‘t catch the publicity-it's catching."
llishop lttrs opposed all el'ltrt Is to stop his execution. He said
ltc respects irtdividttals who oppose capital pttnislrtttent on
grounds tt’s unfair and urtittst. adtlittg"it certainly is bceattse
It's ottly given ottt to cetlaitt people. Certain segments ol
society get it." He said he supported those bcliels atttl
"probably agree witlt them." lint he said groups like the legal
delcrtsc lttttd “are cotttittg ittttr it strictly lor the publicity
ltcv'tc going ttr get ottl ol it."

     

US. To Pull From S. Korea

SI-IOllL, SOUTH KOREA (Al‘) lhc l’ttitcd States toltl
South Korea today that |.5lltl ol its troops assigned to
ttottcotnbat ttntts irt tltc Asian ttatiort will he pulled ottt by tltc
end ol ttcxt yeat'. Atttcr'icatt sotttces rtr Scotti said. However.
according to the some sources. tltc ('at'tcr adtttinistration
also ttotilied President Park (.‘htmg-lree's government that it
lavors the proposed co-assettrbly hct‘c trf about 70 jet
lighters 'I deal subiect to congressional approval. Defense
Secretary llarold llrown. here for the two natiotts‘ annual
security consultations. also was said ttr have promised
upgrading America‘s artillery artd helicopters and
improving its close air support lll South Korea. llttt llrovvn
also was reportedly carrying a letter front President Carter
for delivery to Park that was critical of recent political
tlcvclopttrents itt South Korea. ltt the past few weeks. a key
opposition leader was expelled from the Natiottal Assembly
and all tv‘) opposition lawmakers resigned itt protest. liarlict'
this year. Carter announced that he was imposinga tree/c on
the withdrawal of $3.000 combat troops from South Korea.
the announcement followed reports of a North Korean

   

military buildup.

Carter To Fight Court Order

WASHINGTON (AP) President Carter will light a federal
iudgc's order that lie trttts't .tsI. Congress' pertttission before
going through with plans to slttgle-handcdly' end this
country‘s mutual defense treaty with l‘aivvan. according to
adtttinistt'atiotr ol'licials. lltc scheduled Jan. 1 termination of
the treaty cattttot come ahottt. ll.S. District .ltulgc Oliver
(iasclr ruled \\'edrtesday. unless the action is appt'oved by
two-thirds of the Senate or by a simple ttraiority of botlt
houses ol Congress. Carter's surprise announcement last
December that he was terminating the ZS-yeat'vold treaty
came as the United States recogui/ctl tltc People's chttblic
ol' Clrirva and etrdetl formal ties with laiwatt. "We are
t'ccogni/ing simple reality.“ Carter told a tttltiott‘ l
the adtttinistration maintained aftet'
(iasch‘s tttlittg that Carter was well within his constitutional
powers when he decided to clul the tt'eaty We lccl that tile
pr sidetu was acting crttitely prope‘“.‘ said Mark l'.
Sheenan. a Justice Department spokesman. He said the
ruling would be appealed "as promptly as wecatt" lll the ll S.
Court of Appeals for the District ofColttrttbia. ln laip .
btrtlt civiliatt atttl military olllcials declined immediate
comment on the ruling.

 

television audience.

 

 

/

 

Army To Slay Deadly Duds

GROUND. ll'l'All (AP) 'l he Army will destroy-lot) pounds
at chemical warfare dtttls fttttnd scattered at this isolated test
site. wlterc tiny attrottrrts of nerve agents cart bring dcatlt
within seconds. and guards are authorized to shoot to kill.
Starting Monday. teclnricrarts will tlrairr ttctvet at fromth
mortar shells. hottthlets. rockets and artillery projectiles left
over for more than 2t) years oftests at the l.l<7l‘st|ttlt'c-lllllc
base. The work. expected to trike three to five weeks.‘ will be
dorte at Dugway‘s ttcw $2.5 rrrilliott trartsportttble drill atttl

 

    

 

 

n'ttétrzs‘detattn 18, 1979

 

transfersystcm DATS. Dugway“ .scrub desert attd salt this
have been pelted with thousands of bombs and millions or
shells since the base opened in l942. Open-air tests of nerve
agents were ltaltcd in l969 after 0.400 sheep died in health
Skull Valley. apparently from nerve gas. Dugvvay Seicntilii-
Director Mortimer Rothenberg said the dad munitions wen-
eolleetcd during the past I years and at'e too dangerotn U,
transport far i'or detoxification. Matty were tired ordroppcd
irt original tests anti are datnagcd or badly weathered

Board Rejects Desegregation

(.“KIAGO (AP) The Chicago Board of Education has on

the stage for a showdown in tlte lederal Ctttttts ovr.

dcsegregatittg public seltools in the nation‘s second l.||_y1t"[

city. The board voted 7-2 Wednesday tttgltt to [close to

accept guidelines set down by the (LS. Department ot

Health. [Education and Welfare lot‘ ptcpatittg 1r

desegregation plart. “We do not wartt to go to court. bttt it we
must we are prepared to argue ottr case belorc toe tdtct... v 
Superintendent Joseph llamton said. the key leattnr ot the

NEW guidelines was that no student body Ill the syttt-m
consist of utore than 5t) percent whites. About l7 pctt't'trt or

the system‘s 475.000 students ate'white. ||l.\\’ tllllthlls

including Secretary Patricia Roberts llarris. have said llt.tl ll
the board refused to accept the guidelines. ill-CW \votthl tt‘lt‘l
the case to the Justice Department attd lk'L'tlllllltv’lttl .r
lawsuit. ltt Washington. lll:’W spokesman lltll wm
declined to eomntetrt Wednesday night. saying “I ttst. w.-
wattt a fttll report frotrt ottr people itt Chicago.“ Ill \\\
Office of Civil .Rights. which concluded a two \Itll
investigation oi'tlte school system in April. has charged that
the city‘s schools have been deliberately segregated lot to
v ads. The office said school boards fostered segregation In
ihe v ty tlteydrevv seltooldistrict bottntlariesand by the \\;t\s
itr which new schools were to ‘ated. as well as irt other ways

if the city ltad accepted the conditions submitted by llt \\
last week. it automatically would ltave been givett .n.
extension until Nov. [7 to prepare a tlcsgregution plnn
Instead. the board voted 6-3 to ask llliW for tttt tttltlllttrttal
I70 days to cotnc up with an acceptable plan echoing a pica
llartnon mad - a day earlier to President Carter.

   

Greek Odysseus Gets Nobel

STOCKHOLM. SWEDEN (AP) ’l he
in literature was awarded ' to Greek poet
lilytis. whose lyrical work portrays man's struggle nr-nmu
the background of Aegean landscape and Greek ttnduton
The Swedish Academy of Letters‘ selection ol the (vb _\t'.t|-
old lilytt who is not widely knowtt outside his homeland.
came as a surprise to many observers of the international
literary scene. But th' acadertty has oftctt chosen agctl .Itltl
exclusive poets. Rcccnt examples are Spaniard \‘tt'ente
Aleixandre in |‘)77. ltaliatr Eugenio Mortiale to It)“ .va
Swede llarr Marlittsott itr |‘)74. lilytis is lltc second (Itt‘t‘k
poet to receive the coveted award. which this year t‘.tlttt s a
cash sttnt ot Sl‘).()t)(). (liorgos Sel'eris won it irt 107.1. (the ol
lilytis' bcst»known works is the folklore—based pot-at "In
Aviott i ll “Worthy It ls". which was pttt to nrttstr lb
composer Mikis ‘l'heodorakis. a personal Ittctrtl. who
described it as "a bible of the (irtek people." it) tts rs llly' l“"‘
name adopted by ()dyssetts Alepoudhelis.

Nobel l’t t/e
Odysseus

 

 

 

Teen Racial Violence Endures

BOSTON (AP) White
smashed windows in a bus and a police car in l ast
today and do/ens of white students tnatcltcd on i IN Hill! I“
the third straight day trl racial \iolcttcc at the rink schools
lltree students were arrested durittg tltc It'acas ttlllsltlt‘ l N
liostott lliglt School. A short tittte later. about lﬁt) whuc
students rnarclted ottt ol the school arid lll‘.ttlt'tl tot ("try ||.t||
\vhcrc they were met by a litre ol 25 pohrcrttetr wearing ttol
gcat' who blocked thetn lt'orrt ettterittg the budding. l ivc ol
the stttdcrtts were “.‘lCClCtl to meet \\|[ll ctty otlictals arid the
test were dispersed by police without tat-Idem. | .rst lloston.
an Italian-Amer art neighborhood. has been largely
unaffected by tile court-ordered lntsutg that has dtsttrpted
Whools in the other parts of the ctty tor the past lrvc years.
However. on Wedttcsday. an ll’i'yt‘ttl-ttltl white sttttlctrt at
l’tlhl lloston lliglt was stabbed Ill the thigh and cut on the
hand and for arm dttttng a scttlllc vvtth a lb-yeararld black
\lllllcnl. police saitl. He was {rented at a hospital. and the
alleged assailant was charged vvitlt being :1 itm'mly'
delinquent. Meanwhile. Sotttlt lloston lliglt School.
‘ll‘l'NPlv'tl by racial fighting on luesday arrtl Wednesdav.
opened quietly this morning. llowever. only llllt and l.‘tlt
tzl'tlllers were allowed irtto the scltool ioa moveoflieials hope
vvould 'ase racial tensions tltetc.

cats .ttrd
lloston

students overturned

 

~___’________,'_

 

. x '
' ,e‘r .v--~wmm

 

 

 

Albany pare". Officers Trial Continues

 

by Michele Israel
Sylvia Saunders
Aron Smith
An Albany Police officer.
testifying yesterday during the trial
of two suspended Albany
policemen. said the officers entered
SUNYA‘s Waterbury Hall last
spring to make a “drug buy“.
According to police
Lieutenant M ttrrav. testifying iii the
Albany County Court. officers
Michael Buchanan and Richard

 

officer

Prosecution Witnesses Testify

Vita were at Room 1 I] on March 2i
and 28 to pose as potential drug
buyers. g '

He added that the officers never
etttercd Room l7.although students
claim they did.

Buchanan and Vita have been
charged with grattd larceny in the
first degree. robbery in the second
degree. burglary in the second ttttd
third degrees. and two petty
larcerries. ‘

On Ma relr 2i the officers allegedly

 

 

 

 

entered Room l7 of Waterbury
Hall. stealing $20 from former
SUNYA student Anthony
Lenkiewicz. and robbed Craig
Kellam of $60 and marijuana.

The officers httve been charged
with robbing Jay L. Stecnwcrth. of
Rootn III. of $50.

Murray added that botlt officers
were awarded the Albarty Police
Training Course lll Ethical
Avvnrctrc 's ~cotttpletiort certificates.
as well l . certificates for advanced

 

   
    

 

Moneyntutie was voted best alternative to “AS check cashing.
('lu‘t'lv rushing already I't't't‘fl‘t'tl 50 Inttl r‘ltt'c/rv rum/ling 39000.

Photo: HUI) IA'tI/Itll‘t/

Possible Perils At Area Nukei Site

 

Protest Plans Underway

by Sylvia Saunders

Allcgctl htt/at‘ds at tltc Knolls
Atomic Povvct' sitc. just It» miles
from campus will be the subiect ol a
tttlclcat power demonstration later
this tnotrtlt.

“Nuclear war is only Zlv‘ tniles
away front the Albany area." said
Capital District .«\nti».\'uclear
Alliance member John Cutto. "We

   
 
   

There may be nuclear tl

"Ifind it run Inuit/Nurt-

 

M
OCTOBER I9. W70

angers present near Albany.

l_lltlf tr '\ \II ( love It: .‘l/Ilrllll'.

begttttttttg this ongoing
cotnmttnity etlttcattott attd
rcststarrce project because people
Vltlsl don‘t reali/e how
possible the danger is."

Composed of scvet'al anti-nuclear

ill'L'

neat and

gr'ottps ill the area. Knolls lrttlent
Actitrrt ('oalittotttK | AClcxpcctsar
least 400 to join in the October 27
protest. An all day walk through

gnu.

 

I’llolo: .lltrrr l/t‘IlH'lll‘l

local tovvtts is scheduled to protttotc
inlor'ntatiott on Knolls attd
dtsartnatrtcttt. llte walk will ltntslt at
tltc gates oI Knolls.

lhc chctally owned West Millott
site. also know Il as Kesseltittg lies Ill
Illllt's north ol Schenectady attd is
opctatcd by tltc (ictlctal lilcetttc
Company. It is one ol the country 's
Iotentost nuclear development
lalrotatottes.

” l he plattt ts used to test nuclear
reactors arid ttattt Navy crevvs."satd
('utto.
reactors. bttt u is ttttkttovvtt exactly

lhete ate lottr operatittg

how many potential reactors are
hidden "they won‘t rcvcal arty
ittfor rttattotr. so we rttst don't know."
he said.

"‘lhesc reactors pt'csctrt a very
local problctrt."saitl K i AC tnettthcr
Hob Cohen. |ltc_\ ptodttcc deadly
waste products atrd routinely release
low level radiation itrto the
atmosphere. which allects water.
lattdattdatt ('ohcttalsosuitltltctcis
when the highly
ttratcttals

at great danger

tattltottcttvc atc
tltc
very
close to

transpot ted throughout
cttlltltlttltlt\. "l ltrttl rt
lttghtcnirrg that it‘s so
Albany." be admttted

('tttto satd that Iew pcoplc rcalt/c
these teattots present a high risk to
public safety "It a maror accttlcru
ever occurred at the plant. tens ol
thousands ol local persons could be
killed.“

ltt adtlttton to tire public salety
ha/at‘tl. Knolls is part of tltc global
tltrcat associated with nuclear

in-servtcc training and Basic
Training for Police Officers.

Student witnesses for tltc
prosecution testified on Wednesday.

According to former SUNYA
student l-lenry Scltmitr. Jay
Antelntan. who occupied Ronni ll3
last year. did sell marijuana. He
added that he was more of people
who purchased “pot” frorn the
room's occupants and that he also
ltad purchased marijuana.

He said. however. that it "was rtot

unusual for a lot of people to go to
any room.“ citing social activity as
the major reason.

Vita's Defense Attorney Paul E.
Chccscman éaid that prior to March
28. students were given descriptions
of the two defendents. stemming
from the March 2| incident.

Schmitz said that when the
ofﬁcers passed him in the hall on the
28th. “they looked like the mcn'in
the description, but it ﬁt a lot of
people."

According to student Robert
Grubman. on March 28. he heard
“yelling. a dresser rubbing against
the_ wall (in Room IIS) and glass
breaking."

He apparently ran into the hall
see Buchanan with his hand around
Antelman‘s neck. Vita. he added.

continual on page rig/II

Moneymatic Machine

Fu

rther Delayed

 

UAS Flooded With Bad Checks

by Pat llntnlcy

Approval ol Sl’NYA‘s Marine
Midland Moneymattc Machine by
the New Yorl. State llattkitrg
('otntrtisrtott csccedcd tls
()ctobet l.
according to l'mvcrsity Auvihaty
Scrvtccstl‘ASl (icttctal Manager l‘i.
Norbert Yaltrn.

"Papers tor the approval ol the
Mottcytttatic. att electtoutc brattclt
oi Matitte Midland were submitted
in earlv .luttc attd the process “It‘s
expected to take fill days." said
Marittc Midland Assistatrt Vice
l’tesident (retard Mc(tar\e_v. "We
plan to have the Motteytnatic itt
operation by tltc end ol the
scnteste "

The dc ty in approval has toteed
the “AS Check Cashing service to
t'crttaitt opctt. Zahnr said St) batl
checks have already been received
this scltlcslct. totalling $9.2m).

Strict rcittlorccmcrrt of the
(‘otntnttutty Reinvestment Act
t('RA). added Mc(iatve_\. cottld be

t"'tson for the dclav.

"Under the CRA. a ttcw
meeting the “rub "l “‘-
ctrt'rcttt htttttcltcs. will be granted

lltls

cspeclcd tlatc til

httttk.
ctctltt

approval." he said "lltrs ptott-ss

 

3.....-“ 

Legal hassles cause Murine Midland
I'lmrlu'rl to be I'll open/lion /It' I/lt' curl of the semester.

technology. it is one at tltc three sites
where the Navy trains crews for its
"'l ridetrt" sttbmariuc. the most
destructive weapon in history, The
(dill-toot long '1 ridetrt is tltc world‘s
largest strbtnarine and has a ttttclcar
charge the times as great as live

atonrtc hotnb tlttrppctl on

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

could take a great deal ol time since
each branch must be investigach as
tllttlttlttlctl by this law."

As a result ol last year‘s 531.001]
deficit. caused by 700 bad checks.
the Moneytnattc was cltosctt as a
sttbstttutc lot llAS (‘hcck
Cashing. ltl atltlittott. Marine
Midland llttttk has over Jill)
statewide olliccs and could supply .t
Iltlll'ttpt'ltlltll tcady cash ttntt.

According to Mc(iarve_\.
('attisurs College lll Hullalo and 25
otltet institutions are awaiting
approval ttottr the Cotrttrvission.

“Since the Moneymatic Machine
is designed lot' convenience and easy
access and rtot to ptovide loans.
mortgages or credit. we did not
think our electronic branch would

be subject to CRA.“ lvc atldcd.

According Io‘lvlcUarvcy. Marine
Midland has applied for a tratiortal
batik chatter. which is expected to
he received in the treat' future.

"ll this happens before tltc sltttc
approves the b'ltlllt‘)’lllllllt‘. it cart
apply lot approval tltrottglt federal
chattucls. llopelttlly this process will
take thirty days." ltc said.

lalurt said llAS will coatittttc to
cash checks.

- .Jhu

 

to await upprovai

I’lro/o: Sth Slt'iIIA'rrnt/r

   

Correction

Ill I/It' ()t'IlI/It'l' IO ,‘lSI'. til tt'tls
priIt/t'r/ I/trl/ Itturiitmrur um ,vIo/cn
i'onr Ant/torri- IA'II/t‘it'lt'lt': Irv Ilte
.‘l/Ittllll' I’o/it't' QUlt't'I‘A‘. I.t‘lI/\fl'll'ft'.'.’
tt'rlv not flll’tlll'l’t/ tt'il/t marijuana.

   
   

 

 

rev

 

 

