 

 

 

The easy road

(continued from page three)~ . . .

stead of desperately trying to maintain the 'status quo
out of loyalty to the you-that-wa's, you come to ap-
preciate the dynamic excitement of this change. Like a
good education, by the way, this doesn't stop when
you get your degreex The personal and practical
beneﬁts of coursework which will help you cope with
the "you" youhave become and prepare for whatever
"you" you will next be are obvious in this context, and
' many of those courses are found in the College of
' Humanities and Fine Arts. While we are on this sub-
ject, it should be noted that choosing a major based
solely on what a former “you” used to like or dislike in
high school and what a future “you” may like or dislike
. to do for a living is short-sighted and a poor gamble.
More profitable would be for you to become comfor-
table with who you are and both open-minded and
adaptably ready for whoever you might become. The
value for employment from becoming such an
individual derives from the following:

Evarvthing alaa also change» By everything i
mean jobs, requirements for jobs, working conditions,
the job market, values and lifestyles. These are not on-
ly changing, but the rate of change is accelerating.
Technology, communications, transportation, com-
puters, longevity and leisure jointly will effectively

subvert the best present predictions of what you will

need to know and be able to do to be successful be-
tween now and the time you eventually retire. if while
in college you learn to think, train yourself to work
hard, stretch your mind and imagination and creative
powers, and become both accustomed and willing to
learn how to learn, you will have the best possible
I chance to adapt to new situations. These abilities can
be acquired around any subject—indeed, the specific
subject you choose is unlikely to be important, as long
as you seek good, intellectually rigorous courses. An
employee with these abilities can change as careers
change or as some careers disappear and are replaced
by others (and you should realize that projections for
radical change or disappearance include the occupa-

Business
(continued from page four)
panded to 45,000. As the supply of MBAs begins to

V outstrip demand. we are likely to observe a further
{um-"mu or m- ..I-ry dlllamntlal in la vat of graduates
tom the better business schools and students with

quantitative and technical skills that are usually
developed outside the business school.“
Arjay Miller has suggested that “the big thing to get
out of an MBA, in all honesty, is the confidence it
gives you." The same can be said of masters degrees
in other disciplines. While an MA degree in the
humanities or the social sciences is usually not as
rewarding from a financial point of view as an MBA
from a prestigious business school, It can be quite
helpful in opening up job opportunities that are more
interesting than might otherwise be obtained. in the
United States, at least, it is hard to find a person with
an advanced degree in economics that is unemployed.
‘ Economics, of course, is not for everyone. The
more important point to emerge from the salary offers
in Table 1 is that most employers are looking for basic
skills. Most of these skills can be developed outside the
School of Business. And since happiness is not very
well correlated with income. it makes sense for
undergraduates to sample history, philosophy,
psychology and a host of other course offerings that
might make life and daily conversation either more in-
teresting, or more meaningful.

 

 

FOOTNOTES
1. A. J. Jaffe and Joseph Froomkin, “Occupational Oppor-
tunities for College-Educated Workers, 1950-75 "
Monthly Labor Review, June 1978, pp. 15—21. '
2. Vera C. Perrella, "Employment of Recent College
4Giradlléates," Monthly Labor Review. Febraury 1973, pp.
"Entry Jobs for College Graduates: the Occupational Mix
isslcgzanging," Monthly Labor Review, June 1978, pp.

9°

.4}

"A Report Card on the MBA." The New York Times,
March 18, 1979, p. F4. ’

in 1967, when good jobs for college graduates were still
fairly easy to obtain, the Graduate School of Business Ad-
ministration at UCLA terminated its undergraduate
business major because of the poor quality of the students
electing this major and because It was felt that the educa~
tlon being offered to undergraduates in the business
school was inferior to the liberal arts education that could
be obtained elsewhere in the university.

. Thomas Petzinger, "Supply and Demand—MBA Reci-
pients, Once Eagerly Sought, Now Eagerly Seek Jobs in
Tighter Market," The Wall Street Journal, November 2,
1979, p. 48. ,

S"

C\

 

' tions of medicine, law, accountancy and computer
prommmingi; ' '

'I'hataaran'ohad nabs-Justinian”:
As suggested by previous paragraphs, any major can
be of practical vocational value, regardless of the sub- V
ject matter. However, no major "gives" you these
benefits. it's a two-way street, and you will get out of
the subject what you put into it. The College of

. Humanities and Fine Arts affords you more choices of
major than the other schools and colleges, but it is up
to you to seek out the courses and instructors who will ,
provide you the kind of intellectual training and
enlightenment needed to carry you into the Twen-
ty—First Century. If you are not provided the oppor-
tunities to sharpen your mind, you are being ripped off
and should loudly and indignantly complain. Sticking
up for your rights is something else that you will need
to be able to do to survive into the next century, and
the university is an appropriate training ground. Please
remember that the instructors can’t afford to stop
growing, either.

'l'hara la nothing tacky about voca-
tionaliarn: One of the Greek myths pervading
academe is that a liberal education and a practical
education are mutually exclusive. Some look back
fondly to running, javelin and rhetoric, yet do not ap-
preciate the similar functions served by ROTC drills,
marksmanship and command. The legitimacy of
academic study of human institutions is unquestioned,
yet Albany courses in Rco, Acc, Soc, st, Pad, Pat,
Mkt, Eco and Mgt are variously labelled as “liberal arts
and sciences" or not. i do not lament the days when a
vocational degree consisted of studying Latin, Greek
and the accomplishments of the great minds of
Western Civilization. The point i am making is that

' Latin or Physics or Accounting or Economics are all

hard, rigorous majors and that a degree with good

   

 

  

grades in any of those areas is vocational insofar as it
easily identifies the recipient as an intelligent and
hard-working individual likely to succeed in career,
graduate or professional pursuits. if the subject also
happens to provide you with more specifically useful
facts or skills, line. There are enough quality programs
around and more than enough good students. The
tackiness and danger to students arise when students
stampede into the artificially labelled "vocational"
areas or wind up with instructors in the “liberal” areas
who hesitate to point out how really useful the thinking
skills they are developing can be for future purposes.

Who wants to work with a dope? Although
on our small, rapidly changing planet it is no longer
possible to Identify a specific body of knowledge
everyone should possess, it is still true that one who
knows virtually nothing about literature, the arts,
philosophy, history. world cultures, and the rudiments
of social/behavioral/blological/physlcal sciences is
not terribly interesting. Since it is quite possible your
employer, fellow employees, clients, etc., may have
acquired an education which extends beyond the
specifics of the job and TV and sports, your choice of a
major or second field or at least several electives in the
College of Humanities andFine Arts may increase
your attractiveness as an applicant and your effecu
tiveness in your career. A related issue is the an-
ticipated increase in leisure time. Are you preparing
for this? Family and friends may not want to associate
with a dope, either, and, during expanded weekends
and vacations, you also may find yourself pretty bor-
ing company if you have developed no interests
beyond your career.

 

 

 

 

MI   ' '  hard work and]'|

thinking you put into your education, your seriousness
of purpose and motivation in pursuing your aspira-
tions, and your dedication may not immediately pay ;
off. Not every student who wants to enters medical 1;
school, lands a job with a big-eight accounting firm.

wins a Nobel prize or is offered a movie role. Never-

theless, most occupations require you to work hard

and take risks. No one is interested in one who does

not try, either because of fear of failure or the uncer-

tainty of reward. Although It can be tough to try new

subjects and fail at some of them or to shoot for grades

which at times are out of your reach, this too Is an ex-

perience better faced In college than confronted sud-
denly after college with no preparation. Albany itself is
currently engaged in such a risk—the Committee on

Liberal Education's "pilot courses." if it fails, a lot of
time and effort and some money will have been ex-
pended but not lost. Failing to make the effort or fail-
ing to recognize and admit failure would be far more
tragic losses for the university. Similarly, if you choose
a major or career that just doesn't work out, you will
still have acquired skills and experience which you can
transfer to other pursuits. The time and effort was not
wasted, and you will have had that much more ex-
perience with some of the realities of life than ap-
parently more successful friends.

GLEE: Much of the above sounds pretty heavy and
sober. in fact, the ideas and viewpoints you confront
while an undergraduate may provide you with some
of the most exciting, stimulating and joyously enner-
vating moments of your life. You are very likely to
look back in future years on discussions and readings,
not all of them in a classroom, which truly and start-
lingly opened up whole new ways of viewing yourself
and the world around you. No one academic unit has
a monopoly on such revelations, but the College of
Humanities and Fine Arts has a rich share of them.
The first appendix to the Pilot Course bill is entitled
“Goals of a Liberal Educational Experience" (the
GLEE acronym is not accidental). The ten goals are:
oral communication; written communication; other

 

tools of the trade; breadth of perspective; critical and .

analytical method of inquiry; moral and ethical judg-
ment; aesthetic sensibility; depth; adaptability; and
creativity. if you make a good start toward these goals
while an undergraduate, the obvious and
well-documented importance of these skills to
employers and graduate programs will be matched by
personal satisfactionsand self—confidence. Your feel-
ings about yourself are the major benefits—the fact
that these characteristics are among the most
marketable is not the primary reason for your pursuit
of a good education, just a nice bonus.

Don’t cheat yourself
(continued from page eight)
dent who makes these sampler courses the major fare.
2. The High-Cum-At-Any-Coat Obstacle
Dodger. Some students have not been hesitant to
tell me that they have taken a lot of specialty courses,
or chosen a particular major. because it was basic to
their educational strategy to choose only the safer bets
for high grades, and they are convinced that a high
cum is the single most important factor in getting ad-
mitted to a select professional school or preferred job.
For reasons discussed above, this rather cynical
strategy has probably worked better in the past than it
is likely to now. From repeatedly being disillusioned in
recent years by acting on the assumption that a high
cum is a reliable indicator of strong intellectual skills,
employers and professional schools admissions people
are becoming more wary, more sophisticated, in inter-
preting transcripts. For several years i was faculty ad-
visor for Signum Laudis, which determines its
membership solely by height of cum average. Each
year i found that students l was confident were among
the brightest in the school didn't make it and others i
knew to be quite limited intellectually were safely
there. Of course, the preponderance of Signum
Laudis members are among the brightest, and those
who get there by the scam of snaking around “hard
graders" and “courses with heavy writing re-
quirements" are perhaps more to be pitted than cen-
sured. it is very unlikely that this can be a winning
game. Suppose that by this contrlving to avoid the
more demanding courses they manage to get the pro-
fessional school or job offer they are yearning for.
That s where the game is going to start coming apart.
Up against the competition of persons with more
honestly-developed intellectual skills, their best
strategy at that point would probably be to try to find a
good safe niche somewhere around the bottom of the
ladder and bunker down.

 

 

 

PAGE 6 Ci Humanities and Fine Am and Conan,

i

  
 

 

 

    

f'A naval 
:ofﬁcer on

~1 the career

values of a

humanities

 By MARK A. VanDYKE

r

 education

Advisement Center's efforts to inform
Humanities and Fine Arts students of their career
opportunities. This has been a concern of mine
since my graduation in June of 1975 with a
Bachelor's Degree in English Literature. i, too, was
. confronted with the job market's demand for math,
science, and engineering students, the "technical" ma-
3V jOrs, and l am well aware of the frustrations many of
you will experience when searching for viable career
opportunities. With a little self-confidence and deter—
mination. however, you should find that your skills
and academic background are as marketable as those
of yam technical counterparts.
“in 'my present capacity as a recruiter for the Depart~
ment of the Navy, 1 have discovered that Humanities
and Fine Arts students possess many highly desirable

.
i

 

Lt. Mark VanDyke. USN, is
currently assigned to the

 

Nquy’s Public Affairs Informa—
tion Office in Albany. He
recently completed a
three—year tour of duty on a
- destroyer which took him to
'i the lndian and Pacific Oceans
and to the coast of Iran for evacuation of American
citizens in February, 1979. '

Humanities
and the,
off-campus
work
experience

By MARTHA ROZETI'

UNYA students who have heard about the
department of , Political Science's
Legislative internship Program and the
School of Social Welfare's Community
Service course may not realize that other
opportunities exist for off—campus learning ex~
periences. Ths term, for example, an undergraduate
student in the College of Humanities and Fine Arts will
' be taking an interdisciplinary independent study for
which she’ll receive three credits in writing from the
English Department, three ‘credits in the sociology of
art from the Sociology Department, and three credits
in photography from the Art Department.
What is she doing to get these credits? She's prepar-
ing for publication a collection of prints and posters
done by art students in 1969-70 which reflect various

Martha Rozett is an Assistant
Dean of the College of
Humanities and Fine'Aris and
a member of the English
Department Faculty whose
special field is Renaissance
Literature, particularly
Shakespearean Drama.

  

 

 

.

  

’ . . “g..- . ,4 .. .. we- .. LL_._. .- -4W-M‘;a

 

was most encouraged to learn recently of the

 

 

‘ strengths and qualities that are not displayed by all'

technical students. These strengths are Inherent-to the

= Humanities and Fine Arts curriculum. and can be ap-

plied to most job fields. Let me point out some of your

more important qualities by outlining a few of them for, ‘

you: ‘ , . -

Communication Skillaz. in your study of
writing, history, literature, languages, music, or other
arts and culture you have developed excellent ability
to exchange information with other people and impart
knowledge, ideas, and directions to them. This is a.
skill severely lacking in other disciplines and in today's
society as a-whole.

Linguistic Aptitude: in the study of language,
speech forms, or literature you have developed exten-
sive insight into the structure of language. This is
another important factor in communication and the
understanding of foreign cultures and systems.

Organization: in the pursuit of your humanities
or arts study, you have been disciplined to organize
your ideas before putting them into words or action.
This is an essential quality found in most successful
people.

Ability to ﬂuorite: in your source of study you
have undoubtedly analyzed sets of facts, ideals, and
principles, and studied their relationship with one

 

'another. The fields of history, literary analysis, and
, ‘music are but a few examples in which you have used
, theorization. This ability is a basio:part of professional

'development, and you have already learned it.

Managarnant Ability: Finally, through youl

‘study of Humanities and Arts, you have gained

valuable training in leadership and management. Your
ability to communicate, organize, and express yourself
represents the foundation of good managerial and
leadership skill.

An example of careers available to you can be
found in the Department of the Navy. The Navy needs
qualified Humanities and Fine Arts students like you. '
Numerous job opportunities are available in manage-
ment, intelligence, public affairs, training and educa-
tion, counseling, aviation, shipboard duty, as well as ,
engineering to name only a few. Your opportunities
are extensive. You may find a career in your present
vocation or train to advance in other fields, including
technical pursuits. Annual salaries start at $14,000
and advance to $24,000 in four years—competitive
with most technical jobs. The Navy is not unique In
this regard; other employers offersimllar career op-
portunities. The jobs are there. You have the qualifica-
tions to fill them. With a little determination l know
you will find them.

 

aspects of the, student movements of that period.
Some of the posters she's working with have become
famous as symbols of a crucial time in our recent past.
Along with two other former SUNYA students, she'll
be doing research on the period in order to write an in-
troduction and explanatory notes for the volume. '

The student is only one of a small but growing
number of upper—classmen who have discovered that
off—campus activities or work experiences can enable
them to approach the business of learning in a situa-

tion wholly removed from the traditional classroom. ‘

Students in the Journalism program, for instance,
often elect to do internships for credit in their senior
years with local newspapers or broadcasting com—
panies—internships in which they actually research
and write the news copy that appears in print or Is us-
ed on the air. Of eighty or so students who have taken
part in this program over the p'ast eight years, approx-
imately fifty landed jobs in journalism after graduation.

What happens, however, to students interested in
this kind of working and learning experience when
their majors or seconds fields offer nothing that cor-
responds to the Legislative or Journalism internship
programs? They can put together an Independent
study project sponsored by one or more faculty
members, either through independent study options
offered by the departments themselves, or by using
the UM Special Projects rubric (UNI 290 or UNi 390).
These proposals would have to be submitted for ap-
proval by the interdisciplinary Studies Committee.
The proposal should be as detailed as possible, and
should contain a justification which shows how the ex-

. perience will bring together and enrich the student's

academic program. Readings and written work will
undoubtedly play a significant role in the project, but
its unique feature will be the off—campus learning ex—
perience and its relationship with and influence upon
what goes on back at the campus. These projects can
be graded or taken on an S/ U basis; they can, with
permission from the department, count toward the
major or second field. But most important. they can
make you see your college experience from a very dif-
ferent perspective, and they can let you put to work
the skills and information and methodologies you
have learned in the classroom.

Consider, for instance, another example of a project

V done by an English major with a strong interest in

 

 

creative writing. She’received four S/U credits for a
project that involved the teaching of poetry to normal
elementary and emotionally disturbed children. in ad-
dition to teaching two afternoons a week, she planned
to work with the City Arts Office to organize the pro-
duction of poetry postcard and poster series, to write
articles on teaching poetry to emotionally disturbed
children and to help edit an anthology of children's
poetry. Another student did an independent study on
the philosophy of law while working with a state
senator (for money, not credit). Another, who wants
to go into the field of museum administration, is put-
ting together a sequence of business and art courses
which will lead to an off~campus apprenticeship in a
museum—for credit. Language and literature students
could conceivably arrange independent studies In
which they worked for companies that needed writers
or translators. Writing or RCO students might find
themselves applying their skills to,Publlc Relations.
The possibilities are virtually unlimited. ‘

if you are interested in this kind of independent
study, talk to a faculty member you think you'd like to
work with, and/or someone in your college office, or
Richard Collier in CUE. Or come to the Humanities
and Fine Arts Advisement Center (Hu 117 Monday
through Friday 10 am. to 4 pm.) and talk to us. We
can help work out the practical details for students
who are seriously interested in this kind of project
whenever it relates to the humanities and humanistic
skills and objectives. I

To hear more about the relationship between
humanities and careers come to our second program
this term on the subject on November 15. You'll meet
a former college drop—out who landed a job in adver-
tising in New York City by putting her acting class skills
to work to persuade an interviewer to hire her, and
eventually left a $30,000 a year job offer to come to
SUNYA to complete her degree. She's only one of
several successful humanists you'll meet on November
15, 7:30 p.m., Patroon Room Lounge, Campus
Center~refreshments served.

Summing up, it is clear the future holds great oppor-
tunities. it also holds pitfalls. The trick will be to avoid the
' pitfalls, seize the opportunities. and get back home by six
o'clock.
Woody Allen I

l

 

 

 

 

ﬂu—umaa and Fina Aria and Canon Cl PAGE 7

  

 

 

 

 

i
2
i

 

 

«sat—4.2“. .: r

 

‘MA,»-_,r - .

 

