     

 

 

 

 

 

 

Caveat

,Let the Student Beware

 
         

WARNING: Many off campus students have
signed leases that contain illegal clauses. The
typical form lease distributed by landlords in
Albany contain the following clauses that are
illegal. Each illegal clause will be followed by
its legal counter-part. Tenants are advised to
either inform their landlords of their
aWareness of the illegal clauses or to include
the legal clauses in their leases.

Illegal — Tenant is to replace at his own
expense, all glass broketi during the
continuance of this ’lcuse. said glass being
whole at the beginning hereof.

Legal —-~ A tenant is only responsible for glass,

broken due to his own fattlt wlictltcr
intentional or negligent. -
Illegal -~ Tcriatit will not assign or undcrlct
the whole or any part of said premises.
Legal —‘ A tertant renting a residence iti a
dwelling having four or more residential ttriits
has the right to sublcasc or assiin his
premises. sttbjcct to the written consent of the
landlord given in advance of the sublcasc or
assignment. Such consent sltall not be
unreasonably witltltcld. If the landlord
unreasonably withholds consent for such
sublease of assignment. the landlord must
release the tenant from the lease upon request
of the tenant.

The tenant shall inform the lttndlord of his

. intent to sublcasc or assign by mailingti notice

of such intent by rcgistcrcd or certified mail.
Illegal  Tenant will rcit't'ibursc landlord for
the expense of attorncys‘ fees and
disbursements ifthc landlord shall iristittttc an
action or summary proccctlitig against the
Tenant.

Legal Whenmcr a lease provides that lit
any actiort or procccdirrg tltc landlord tnay
recover attorneys‘ fees from his tenant it's
implied in that srrmc lease that thc latidlotd is
obligated to pay tltc tenants" attorncyx‘tccs it
the landlord fails to perform tiny part of the
lease agreement. '
Illegal In case tltc dcmisctl premises or any
part there of \ltttll bc deserted or \ttCtllL‘tl. or if
default bc tnadc iti the payment ofthc l't.‘ltl or
any part thcrcof. as herein specified. or if
default bc'rtiadc in the pcrlormrtncc of arty of
the provisions of the lease on the part of the
Tenant. the landlord may terminate this lease

 
 

rum

-l< ._..r u.» mpg”...  r v

 

 

 

 

Emptor

   

by giving Tenant five days notice in writing.
Legal —~ A Iamllurt/ t'.r l/iruliihilad from
evicting a tenant llIt/t‘.\'.\' a summary
proceeding t'.t' ltrottgltl in Court. The Court
will serve the 'I‘cnant with an eight day notice.
the 'l'entuit hits a right to lune tt one week
adjournment to prepare fora trial ttnd their
the tenttnt is entitled to a 72 hour notice to
remove from tltc premises if he she loses. If
the court proceeding involves wrongful non-
payment. tctidcr of payment will he it valid
defense to an cvictiott proceeding.

Illegal 'lcntrnt forfeits his sccuritydcposit
for brettcliitig any term of the lease.

Legal The security deposit shall be held in
trust for tltc ‘Icrurnt itt ati interest bearing
batik account. The batik account slutll be
named ttttd kcp. separate from the landlord‘s
personal accotrrit and assets. The security
deposit shall be promptly rcttrrned at the end
of the lease period with interest. provided the
ttpartnicnt has not been damaged. Damages
don‘t include normal wear and tear.

Illegal If the 'I count abandons the premises
he shall remain liable on tltc tense c\cn after
the ttparttncnt is rcrcrrtcd.

Ix'ga/ The tenant is orin liable under tltc
lcttsc tttttil a rcplrtccmcnt is found.

Crunch My A*-*

To the Editor:
Another housing shortage. Your two-part

but it fell short of explaining it.

A few additional questions thrtt might have
been asked:

‘ Has this happened before:

Answer: Yes. For lhc~lusl six years. the
University has had students tripled. crowded
in lounges. and told that there is nottdditional
housing available on campus. The University
has. however. been consistent in their
explanation for the problem. “More people
staying on campus than we expected.“ "More
new students accepting bids for admission
than we expected.“ “The sitttrttion was
particularly bad this semester.“

‘ Why is this allowed to happen?

Am‘n'cr: I honestly don‘t know. Someone
gets paid a lot of money to plan admissions
and housing policy. Can she/he be doing a
good job'.’ (Reminder: the last two years have
yielded more on campus space through the
opening of Mohawk Tower. and more space
through irtcrettsed occupancy at the
Wellington arid I'ittmtm Iltill. The triples.
lounge students. and people turned down for
housing altogether are numbers rtbovc and
beyond even this additional space):

‘ What about students tttrticd down for
hottsirig rrltogclhcr'.’

Anxtt't'l‘: They were and still are facing
problems. (A) They received notiﬁcation of

their status in the first two weeks ofJuly. That
left tlicrit litt le time to consider other schools if
housing in ailability was crttcial to tlicirclioicc
of colleges. (Ii) They were tttrttcd loose. so to

 

'l ENAN‘I'S RIGHTS ‘| “Al SHOULD BF.
INCLUDED IN YOUR LEASE

I. it'arratrt‘i' of Iltlltlltlltf/l'lvl' Landlord
shall deliver and maintain the apartment and
the public parts of tltc pr'ciiiiscs rind warrants
that they sltrtll be: (it) fit for littrtian habitation.
(h) fit for the use reasonably intended for the
premises by the landlord and Tenant. (c) not
dangerous to thc litc. ltL'tIllll or safety of the
occupants. (til it conditions exist in the
apartment tltut are dangerous to thc lcnnuts‘
health. srtlcty or \xcllrtrc. the tenant shall ll:I\L'
the right to withhold rcut.

(Note: lfconditions c\ist in your apartment
stICh as no licztt. no hot \urtcr. micc. roaches.
improper locks. or lack til it sccond cxit. you
should notin the (‘odc l‘nlorccriicnt lllll‘ctttt
iti Albany. ‘lhc (‘odc linlorccmcnt liurcau
will note lhc \ioltttions and you will be able to
use this record 'rs tI dclcnsc to at non—payment
proceeding and tts thc harsis for court ordered
repairs.)

 

speak. oti an already glulted housing market

 

2. Tenants may join or participate in the
actisitics of any group or association of
tenants who reside itt tltc premises. 'I'cnrrnts
shall be pctmittcd to meet in the common
areas of the premises. Landlords shall be
prohibited lrom interfering in any way with
the formation ol this association.

I. If utilities are discontinued because ofthc
failure of the landlord to pay for those utility
scr\iccs. the landlord shall be stayed from
collecting rcnt until the bill is pnitl and services
tcstorcd. If tltc 'lcnant pays the utility bill
which “as the responsibility of the landlord.
tltc 'Icnttnt shrill collcct compensatory and
pttniti\c damages from the landlord.

4. 'l'hc landlord is proltibitcd lrom engaging
iti retaliatory contlttct'tts :t rcsttlt of'lcntmts‘
complaint to thc (‘odc [Enforcement Bureau
or arty other gmcrnmcnt agency that

iti\cstigtitcs health or building code

report that appeared recently told "about" it.‘

off campus. This. keep in mind. is a market
limited by an anti-grouper law. rising utility
costs. and other factors. (C) Landlordsarc not
(despite popular opinion) stupid. They know
that no housing on campus makes a sellers‘
market off campus. One rtccd not be an
economics major to rcali/e what increased
demand. constant supply does to rents.

‘ What about students tripled. lounged.
Pittman-ed or otherwise not normally
housed?

Answer: Hard to determine without talking
to them. Your articles gave no indication that
they had been asked their feelings. I would
have to guess. though. that they are not
pleased. I imagine tlittt it's rough to study,
part. entertain guests. or even relax
comfortany when you're packed into a room
that has more people tlirrn it was built for. The
effects of this strain on stttdcnts‘ academic
standing. health. and sanity rcttlly can‘t be
measured. Not knowing when their housing
will be made normal arid permanent can only
add to the frustration.

‘ What does the housing shortage mean to the
University?

Answer: (A) A couple of people on the
residence staff have to work overtime
rationalizing the situation rind trying to de-
triple when possible. (Ii) The Infirmary and
University Counseling Center are probably up
their ears in distressed individuals. (C) The
University makes money. THINK: If the
University has a six-person suite uptown that
rents for $375/person/scmcstcr. that suite
brings in total revenues of$2250 per semester
under normal occupancy. If the University
puts a seventh student into that suite.
residents are "compensated" by a rent
reduction to 5350/person/semester. This.
however. brings total revenues for that suite
up to $2450/scmester ($350 x 7). If SUNYA
triplcs I25 students for one semester. tli y

violations.

5. Landlord should not enter the 'l'cnttnts‘

premises witltout providing the Tenant with
reasonable notice.

6. Tcnttnt shall havc the right to hottsc
guests at Tcriants‘ corivcnicricc. Landlord
shall be prohibited from interfering with the
Tcnanls' right of association and priva .

7. If the building you are currently residing
in lacks a Certificate of Occupancy. it
probably means that the building is dc

 

~'Ii\c

 

‘ or unsafe irt some manner. 'I’hc lack of a CO.

entitles the tenant to break his lease and mmc
ottt immediately. Check with the buildings
department in Albany to discmcr if your
building has a CO.

If you have any questiousaborrt the above.
please contact Jack Lestcr til the Legal
Services Office: 457-79! I.

.lrtck l.cstcr

 

 

IUFLATtOtO re» up

 

/

rm: mic/Ater

t6 AT -- RECJEL?

lac rtU 1H6 P.ch
/

/"

 

‘mmm

 

 

4’15? CREITIWLI T‘t

15 ("Suki

.0”th THAT
CDJTE’KT.
ME PRES.wa
Haw RC“ «‘00
AA) To
6E» GALT 11
TO THE
AMERICAN
PEOPLE ?
/

«DOPE BLApr
PERSOUALW

//

 

firmer: Fate or A
new ARMS RACE w m.

. _
if?" \ 95% To

- 6%
TO THE
\E/ coverages?
w / ‘

@nﬁmm-r ,

Eyre Th5
as; /6tD€rA§E

 

 

 

 

 

 

increase their dorm rental revenues by
325.000. Neat trick. right‘.’

The ASP reported on the housing
shortgage as if it were a situation. The Off
Campus Association sees the housing

,shortage as a problem. Journalism has to. at
times. transcend simple reporting and accept
the challenge of analysis. A student paper
should advocate the students‘ interests. It
should ask more than “Why did this happen.“
It should ask “Why is this allowed to happen.“
It should take on the responsibility for taking
on the problems that students by themselves
may not be able to crack. A student paper can
be a tool for improving the students‘lives. not
just reporting their activities. After all. the
media is power.

I. on behalf ofthc OffCamptts Association.
urge your to accept the challenge: Ask tlic
questions: Demand answers. not
"bureaucratic bullshit". as Jim Castro-Blanca
was quoted in the first article of your series.
Take a hard editorial liric and call a problem a
problem. Demand solutions.

Finally. rcmcmber who this housing mess
affects riiost closely: freshmen arid transfers.
People who are not used to d 'uling with this
campus's bureaucracy. People who may bc
living away front lioriic for the first time.
People who may be a little scared. it little
insecure. and it little intimidated by their
wltolc situation. Hpr these people out. arid I
am sure that sornedtty they'll remember the
ASP as something more than the paper used
to read for wcckcnd riiovic listings.

John P. Kennedy
Coordinator. 0(‘A

NYPIRG News

To the Editor:

()ncc Iain thc SUNYA campus has cortic
alivc. and various groups are organizing
projects and activities to bettefit our
community. One ofthc tnost active and widely
successful orgttni/tttions is the New York
Public Interest Research (iroup better known
as NYPIRG. It is a studcnt funded and
directed. not-tor-profit. nonptrrtisari rcscarch
and advocacy organi/rttion. The principal
concerns of NYPIRG are consumer
protection. cticrgy. political rcfortn. aritl
social justice. 'l'hrough extensive research.
lobbying. tltltl informing of the public.
NYPIRG lttls been instrumental in getting
lcgislntion cnttctcd or: various small claims
court issues. nuclear power rcstrictions. and.
most importantly to students. the Truth-In-
Testing bill. this two law will make the
contents of tests such as the I.SA'I"s.
M('A'l's. (il{li'.. and (iMA'l'Xs available to
students.

The SUNYA chapter of NYPIRG is one of
the largest and strongest in the state. Last May
it was overwhelmingly supported by SUNYA
students in a referendum which allows it to
continue receiving funds through the Student
Activity l‘cc. During September. NYPI [{(i. in
association with SASU. SA. and other
student groups. is conducting a voter
registration drive. Through this effort.
NYPIRG helps empower the- student
community with its most powerful voice. tltc

  

,1.

 

VUlL‘.

Another major project being stressed
immediately is the September 23 Anti-Nuke
rally in New York City. SUNYA NYPIRG
members are organizing bttscs to NYC on that
day for all who wish to attend. Increased
support is expected after the success of the
May (r rrrlly iti Washington. DC.

NYPIRG at Albany is fortunate to have a
highly experienced and cffcettral staff this
year. The new Project Coordinator is Iirian
McGovern. a lobbyist intern in the legislature
during the last session. Chairperson Atny
Adelman worked in communications last year
and initiated a radio interview program with
WCDI). Ken Burford. vice-chair. was a
member of the ETS Committee which helped
to gather the necessary support for the Truth-
ln-Testing bill. Working with the staff are
numerous returning members who are already

 

deeply involved in their projects. However.
help is needed in all areas. whether it be voter
registration. the Sept. 2.1 rally. or researching
new projects to be stressed during the next
legislative session. If you want to be
instrumental in bringing about political
reform. ensuring consutncr protection. ttnd
making decisions that will influence your
future. come to the General Interesting
Meeting tonight at it PM in l.(‘ 2. The guest
speaker will he Arthur Mrtlkirt. legislative
coordinator. who was irifluentirrl in
organiring the Albany l’lRG chapter as it
student here. Projects and cottrtnittccs will be
decided so' serious work can begin
immediately. Note: it is a mandatory meeting
for those who signed up us Community
Service workc with NYPIRG. All others
interested are encouraged to rtttctid. If yott a re
interested in tnore information. httt cannot
attend the meeting. stop in at the office irt (‘C‘
382. or ~all 457-4623.

 

Question of Rights

To the Editor:

The Ntttionnl Organilatioti for Women has
placed posters oti campus announcing a
“Defend Abortion Rights" rally
commemorating Margaret Sanger. former
leader ofthc nation‘s birth control movement.
This is art appalling. “tributc"to Mrs. Sangcr.
who strongly opposed abortion on moral
grounds. stating in her autobiography. “We
explained . . . that abortion was the wrong
way w no matter how early it was performed
it was taking life."

The posters proclaim. “Abolish laws that
murder women.“ First of all. the claim that
restrictive abortion laws kill thousands of
wotnen will soon be disproved in a new book.
Almrlittg American. Th ‘ author. former pro~
abortion leader and further director of the
nation‘s largest abortion clinic. will explain
how the pro-nbortionists licd arid falsified
statistics. claiming that up to l0.0t)0 women
died caclt ycttr frottt illegal abortions. The
actual rittrnbcr was trridcr 200. according to
the [1.8. Public Health Service.

Secondly. even this riutnbcr is rtot decreased
by legaliying abortion. Studies corrsistcritly
show that lcgaliring abortion does not reduce
the number of illegal abortions; it just
tremendously increases the [null number of
abortions. and thus the ntrrnbcr of maternal
deaths. In thc first two years of New York‘s
liberal abortion laws. for example. more
women died from legal than frotn illegal
abortions! Doctors have stated that many. if
not most. (I ‘tttlts caused by legal abortionsarc
covered up to protect bolt: the privacy of the
patient antl the credibility of the pro—
abortionists. Obviously. if NOW members
want to abolish laws that murder wotncn. they
should oppose Ii/w/‘a/ abortion laws.

Also. the National lrtstiltttc of l'lcttlllt has
just cottiplctcd a carcfully-controllcd nine»
year study. involving 40.000 women. of the
cffccts of abortion upon sttbscqttcrit
pregnancies. Compr cd with women who had
ttcvcr had abortions. those who had
previously aborted children had an 85%
higher incidence of miscarriages; a 32% higher
t'tllt.‘ of low-birth-wcight babies; a 67% higher
premature birth rate; no 83% higher labor
complication rate; arid art 83%highcrtlclivct‘y
complication rate. Studies frorti othcr
countries with tncdical technology
comparable to our own show that sterility
results frorti at least 100;. of all first-trimester
abortions, (No such studies have been done
yet in the US.)

Abortion is not a feminist issue; it is a
(human rights issue. Women cart prevent
undesired pregnancies through careful use of
reliable contraceptive methods and
responsible use of sex. Unborn children.
however. are defenseless. unless we enact laws
which will protect their most basic human
right — the right to life. The term "right to

g, ..........«r,,m«-~wv-s"’"" m
-_4......_.._.»_ .

 

 

  

Diqestinq' A Raw. Yearbook
Ever cat a raw steak? ' ‘
Some people have developed the notion that it is wiser to haVe ayearbook that only
encompasses the events of six months. excluding spring, when the academic year's
most touted and exciting events take place. The only logical reason for rushing the
book is to have it out before school ends. and thatjust doesn't seem to make sense in
light of all that will be missed.

Mayfcst. Graduation. Senior Spring Podiating. Springsports,and the reopening of
the fountains are just a few events that will never make it into your documented
remembrance of SUNYA if the editors are forced to meet deadlines in early March. If
the book is mailed to all seniors in the September following. no event will be missed.
The yearbook will be a current book. as up to date as the academic year it covers.

Not only will more things be covered. but the staff will have more time to insure
photographic quality and design excellence. Also. when a yearbook arrives while
seniors are still seniors. rind not graduates. it might be taken for granted. as no one will
have left yet. By September. anyone interested in their yearbook will have more ofa
desire to vicw it. l

 

want a better yearbook. covering a full year's events. at a time when you‘ll really enjoy
seeing it. then vote fora Frill yearbook.

You can eat raw steak. but if you‘re willing to waitjust a little bit. you can enjoy it
cooked.

The Sardine Effect

When a class ﬁlls up during registration. they don‘t let anyone else in. There would
be crowding. congestion and a situation where some students would be forced to suffer
bccatrsc they are going to school under adverse conditions. This is exactly the situation
in housing. whcrcin some administrators have not yet discovered that admitting too
many students is detrimental to quality education.

It is understandable for a crowding problem to occur once. but there is no reason for
it to happen year after year. worstcriing with each fall. It does not seem to be so
difficult to arrive at tnore accurate percentages for acceptance rates so students will
not have to sleep in lounges. RA suites. or be forced to search for off-campus housing
so hurriedly. that more money is spent for less desirable accommodations.

It was last year when the administration claimed that more students had been
accepted than anticipated. but that claim is outdated now. and does not suffice as a
passable cxcttse. This university has an extensive housing office and admissions staff.
and there is no r ‘uson why th ' acceptance guesses should be so far off from the truth.
There is still tremendous ovcrcrowditig. after adding all of Mohawk Tower. and

Pittman lltlll.

The building ofeight two story garden apartments to house 440 more students is it
necessary. timely idea. but until they are ready to have students walk iii and unpack.
some extremely c rcful research had better be done to insure that this sardine effect
ticvcr' happens again.

—~ J.B.G.

—7 .I.B.(i.

 

 

 

Jay 8. Gissen. Editorrin~Chicl
Ronald Levy. Richard Behar. Managing Editors

News Editor . . .

Associate News Editor
ASPccts Editor
Sports Editor . . . . . . .

Associate Sports Editor
Editorial Pages Editor

Aron Smith
Michele Israel
Stuart Matranga
. Paul Schwartz
. Milte Dunne

Eric Salzingcr

Staff Writers: Charles Bell. Bob Blasenstein. Ed Goodman, Mark Rossier. Beth Sexer. Debby
Smith. Hy Stodlcri. Vicky Zunitch

Debbie Kopf. Business Manager

Advertising Manager . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Steve Goldstein
Billing Accountant . . . . . . . . . . Lisa Applebaum
Composition Manager . . . . . . . .Amy Sours

 

 

Sales: Kathy Bosco. Rich Seligson Classiﬁed Advertising: Steve Maucr. September Klein
Composition: Fran Diamond Advertising Production: Randye Bacr. Sue Hausman
Donna Reichcr. Amy Sours Office: Evelyn Ellis

Itobin Goldberg. Marty Vukovich. Production Matingch
Mitchell Golding. Jordan Metzger. Associate Production Managers

Vertical Camera
Typist . . . . .

.I..............DaveBenjamin
. . . . . . . . . . . . . .Marilyn ‘Specdy Fingers‘ Moskowitz
Paste up: Vincent Aiello. Lisa Bongiorno Marie ltaliano Typists: Andrea Bolender, Mindy
Gordon, Debbie Loeb. Kathy Tyrie Proofreaders: Rachel Cohen, Sue Lichtenstein
Chauffeur: Andy Panzer

 

 

Photography. supplied principally by University Photo Service

Establlshed 1916
The Albany Student Press is published every Tuesday and Friday during the school year by the

 

choose" sounds very democratic, except that
it actually means “right to choose to kt! " — a
right that belongs to no one.
‘Sue Burke]

Albany Student Press Corporation, an independent. not-lorvpro/it organization. Editorial policy
'5 determined by the Editor-in-Cht’el. and is subject to reuieru by the Editorial Board, Mailing
Address: Albany Student Press, CC 329, 1400 Washington Ave. Albany, NY 12222,
(518) 457.8892

 

 

 

 

 

 

This week. the seniors are asked to give their opinions in a yearbook poll. If you

 

 

 

._./—-

. _—¢—.M.—A~17‘dv’ » . .

 

