\

 

 

  

 

 

 

spa. .To Smoke Out Dope

WASHINGTON (AP) Federal drug enforcement
Administrator Peter B. Bensinger called Sunday for new
diplomatic steps to wipe outdrug crops. particularly in Latin
America and the Mideast. Bensinger criticized a new federal
law which limits U.S. support for spraying paraquat to
destroy marijuana at its source. He said a new federal law
which limits U.S. aid for herbicidal spraying programs of
marijuana has hindered enforcement of drug control laws.
“While l defer to HEW. the Department of Health.
Education and Welfare on health. i wonder if this hand-
tying approach was the real intention ofthe Congress when
the. paraquat amendment to the Foreign Assistance Act was
passed." he said. “Moreover. l question ifthe harmful effects
of marijuana with paraqttat are really more serious than of
marijuana without paraquat." There have been reports that
paraquat can cause paralysis. in a speech prepared for the
annual convention of the International Association of
Chiefs of Police in Dallas. Bensingcr said. "We need to help
turn off the free-flowing drug faucuts around the world as
' has been done so effectively in Mexico."

 

Cheating Voids Test Scores

ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) In a move that could affect more than
l00.000 nursing candidates. New York ofﬁcials have decided
not to honor the results of a nationwide certiﬁcation
examination because of reports of cheating. The State
Education Department said Saturday it would not accept
the results of the test because the exam may have been sold
for as much as 52.000 to nursing candidates in at least fotlr
states before the exam dates. “We began getting letters in
mid-July from candidates who said they had either
purchased the exam or knew of people who had." said
” imas Sheldon. coordinator ofprofcssional education for

 

   

 

 

 

 

-Woi*-1d,'N¢W‘ Brief!) A

.44).”... .r ._. s.. .L t.......-.-u.--~.

the department. He said the letters promoted the department
to begin checking failure rates. “There was a dramatic drop
in the failure rate in some cases." he said. "We noticed that
many people who were taking the exam as repeaters showed
a 200-400 point improvement." He said about 70 percent of
foreign-trained candidates failed the July exam. instead of
the usual 85 percent to 90 percent. while there was a small
change in the usual l0 percent failure rate among
domestically trained nurse candidates. Sheldon said it was
not known yet whether the security breach occurred on a
state or national level. Arnold Bloom. a spokesman for the
department. said the-state Bureau ofCriminal investigation
and the National Council of State Boards for Nursing were
investigating the allegations. Bloom said there were
indications that the questions were available in Chicago.

Philadelphia and Detroit as well as in New York state. “Not

only will We not accept the test results for the exam given in

New York state. but we will not accept results from

candidates who took the exam in other states." Bloom said.

Balloon Flight To Freedom

NAILA. West Germany (Al’) Four children and four adults
bct their lives on a hot air balloon made of nylon and
bedsbeets and drifted through the darkness of East
Germany. hitting the jackpot —-- freedom across the border
in West Germany.

Peter Strelrek. art airplane mechanic who designed the
escape craft. told reporters Sunday the l2-mile. 20-30
minute flight was his second attempt to escape by balloon
from his communist-ruled homeland.

“it was no longer possible for us to lie to ottr children and
put tip with the political conditions in East Germany." he
said.

He. his wife and two children. along with stoncmason
Andreas WctIcl.his wife and their two children. got onto a
gondola made ofan iron plate. Gas burners were tired. filling
the handseth envelope with hot air at a field near
Lobcnstcin and the balloon rose aloft.

Borne toward the south by a good brecrc. the refugees
flew over the “death strip“ border and put down in this
Bavarian town. far from the border‘s electrified fences and
mincfields. it was believed to be the first time refugees had
used a balloon to cross the border.

 

..tttt.itttx\.s.t.ta.....

Paper Deﬁes Gov’ t Order

MADISON. Wis. (AP) A small daily newspaper. objecting
to “the shadow of government censorship." has rushed into
print with a letter that discusses what the government calls
nuclear weapon secrets ~— information a federal judge had
forbidden a California newspaper to publish. “We have bad
no cc-itact with any authorities and we hope it stays that
way." editor Ron McCrca said after the ll.000-circulation
Madison Press Conner/ion printed the letter in a special
Sunday edition. The pring came hours after U.S. District
Judge Robert Schnaeke of San Francisco signed a
temporary restraining order Saturday against publication of
the letter by the Daily Callfornlan of Berkeley. The
government. seeking a restraining order against the
California student newspaper. said the letter contained

"1

 

“secret. restricted data.“ that could “help other nations
develop nuclear weaponry and injure the U.S." The Energy
and Justice departments acted against the Daily Cali/(moan
under the Atomic Energy Act of I954. which provides
penalties of up to [0 years in jail for possessing. and
communicating “restricted data." The Press Conner/ion
announced Saturday evening that it had received from an
anonymous source a copy of the letter written by computer
programmer Charles llansen, 32. of Mountainvicw.
California. Other recipients of the lit-page document were
asked to surrender their copies. authorities said. The New
York 77mm- today quoted the Energy Department's deputy
general counsel. Eric J. Fygi. as sayingthe Press Connection
was not on the department's list of seven papers that had the
letter. Meanwhile. the Chicago 'I'rilmm' said it plans to
publish parts of the letter Thursday “because of the
government‘s behavior concerning the letter." A newspaper
owned by the Tribune Co. also hasalready published a part
of the letter. in San Francisco. the American Civil Liberties
Union said it would seek to vacate Judge Schnackc's order.
[Executive Director Dorothy lirhlicb said it is a "serious
ubridgment of liirst Amendment rights.“and that a hart on
publication is now moot. U.S. Attorney Frank 'l'uerkkcimer
of Madison said the I’nws ("mum-lion‘s publication of the

   
 

 

 

letter was under study by his superiors out! that it was
unclear what action might be taken.

 

 

Nuke Rally in Tune

N.Y.C.

Looking For Mr. Pibb

Whatever happened to our old friend Mr. Pibb‘? That
tasty beverage sold in the vending machines has made a
sudden disappearance. According to UAS Director E.
Norbert Zahm. Mr. Pibb has been replaced by other brands
of soda because it wasn‘t selling too well. “Mr. Pibb was
nevera very big seller and it was often the only soft drink left
in the vending machines while others had been sold out."
said Zahm.

 

\ L 

PAGE 'l‘W

On Sunday. September 23. over 200.000 people are
expected to rally against nuclear power at Battery Park in

The rally is being held in conjunction with a series of
benefit concerts sponsored by Musicians United for Safe
Energy (MUSE) and will feature Ralph Nader. Barry
Commoner. Bella Abrug. Jackson Browne. .lohn llall.
Bonnie Raitt. and other anti-nuclear speakers and MUSE
musicians. There will also be an alternative energy fair with
working exhibits of solar collectors. windmills. and others.

 

Cast Your Ballots

lt‘s voting season again and it‘s time for students to
register. NYl’lBG. SA. and SASU are holding a two week
voter registration drive to enable students to vote in the
November 6 elections. People can pick up applications on
dinner lines and in the Campus Center. even if they are
unsure as to when they last registered. According to SASU
delegate Janice Fine. the groups want to double last year's
a'inount of 1000 voters.

NYI’lRG Voter Registration Coordinator Lisa Schwartr
explained that some of the applications will be involved in a
test case. which will determine how many students are
denied voting status in Albany.

 

 

Calendar Chaos

The “Dates To Remember" list in the September | l issue
of the ASPcontained some incorrect information. So. here's
the real scoop.

September 28. Friday —- Last day for undergraduate
students to file S/U or A-E grading options for semester
courses.

October 3. Wednesday 7w Last day for students to drop
first quarter courses.

October 3|. Wednesday ~— Last day for students to drop
semester courses; last day for undergraduate students to
formally initiate withdrawal from the university and still be
eligible for readmission for the spring.

November 2. Friday ~ Last day for students to add
second quarter courses.

November 9. Friday  Last day for tmdergriultutte
students to file S/U or A-E grading options for second
quarter courses.

November 27. 'l'uesday A
second quarter courses.

Last day for students to drop

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

 

 

 

Slmya News Brleg'
»—~v~— ~J

SEPTEMBER 18, 1979

 

 

  

 

Policy Prohibits M sat...

 

Recognition Of UAS Service

by Debbie Kopf

In accordance with a SUNY
Board of Trustees policy. the SA
Food Co-op reopened Monday.
prohibited from selling any
“immediately consumable“ items
such as yogurt. bagels. and single
pieces of fruit.

According to Director ofStudcnt
Activities-Campus Center Jim
Doellefcld. an Operating
Certificate. necessary ‘before an
activity catt be authorized. was
signed last Wednesday by Co-op
officials and Vice President for
University Affairs Lewis P. Welch.
According to Welch. the certificate
calls for “Fresh and packaged foods
to be sold in bulk." and specifically
excludes the sale of any
“imtnediately consumable" items.

The inclusion of such a provision
in the certificate stems from SUNY

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Down in the darn s:
Big bucks inr repairs

trustee policy guidelines concerning
the University contract with
University Auxiliary Services
(UAS). the principle food service on
campus. explained Welch.

“The guidelines say there should
be lines of demarcation between
UAS and other food services." he
said. “We are not encouraging
duplication ofcntcrpris‘cs.

The operating certificate is an
"authorization of activity that
allows the co-op to operate while
reeogniling that UAS has acontract
to provide food service on campus."
he added. '

“There is no general definition of
what a given enterprise can do.
Welch said. “But there shouldn't be
any unfair competition between
UAS and other services.

“l don‘t know how anyiinc can
substitute Dannon Yogurt for that

Lite-Line crap they sell in the Rat
and consider it competition." said
one Food Co-op Manager who
preferred to remain anonymous.
"There's no comparison. but i guess
they think they’ll pick up more
yogurt sales without us."

Both Welch and Doeffefeld agree
that there is a question of what
constitutesimmediately consumable
items.

“There is a definitional problem."
said Welch. “A small piece ofcheese
may be considered immediately
consumable. but a half-pound
would not.

"We have to develop a list of.
things to be sold as single items.“
Docllefcld said. “But. on the whole
anything you would eat right away
wouldn‘t be sold. 'l'hedifficult part is
attempting to comply with the

continued on page seven

The huge] business was Banned.

' My Danny boy goodbye: SA. UAS have it out.

 

Photo: Mike Farrell

Kenmore Killed As Renovation Rates Rise

 

Newmark: Not Fit For Undergrads .

by Area Smith

The possible SUNYA purchase
.md renovation of the Hotel Kett-
more as additional student housing
is no longer being considered, ac-
cording to Dean for Student Affairs
Neil Brown. '

A major advantage of the facility
is its proximity to the Wellington
Hotel stop on the SUNYA bus line.
The vacant downtown Albany
building had been considered as a
possible site of new housing for
SUNYA graduate and married
students.

“it's not really in the most
desirable location for
undergraduates." said SA Presi-

-dcnt Lisa Newmark.

Student housing at the Kenmore
was also expected to ease the hous-

 

r

 

~Michele lsrae

printing

cxpl
being sold fast enough.

 

practice of printing addrc

 

 

Sorrell Chesln

University Directory
IMay Face Brief Delay

('omputci problems and a lack of advertising may arose a two to
three day dclay in the distribution of the University Directory.
according to Vice President of the University Affairs Sorrcll Clicsin.

“It‘s difficult to give an exact date because we have approximately
iiiltll directories to distribute We're shootinng October l‘). We're
anticipating a delay of a couple of days.“ said Cbesin.

lleadded that the delay may be arcsult ofthe new computer system
currently used by the Albany Student Press (ASP) to print up the
directory. l’hc machine. explained Clicsin. is not yet geared for photo
composing a computeri/ed typesetting process providing quick

Obtaining ads tor the directory's yellow pages has been "slow.
ained (‘hesin. also adding to the possible delay. “Ads are not

In addition. sevcral faculty members questioned whether the
' and phone numbers offaculty members

N

 

n

 

 

ing crunch experienced in varying
degrees of acuteness by SUNYA
students each fall. This year.
students were housed in triples. RA
suiterooms and lounge areas after
every available space on the five
quadrangles. in the Wellington
Hotel and at Pittman Hall had been
taken.

According to Newmark. private
developers presented plans for

renovation and refurbishment of
the site at anatva
meeting late last spring. The Coun-
cil's primary consideration in its
decision to take no further action
on the project was cost. she said.

“it was more than the University
could handle." said Newmark.
“The whold place needed to be
totally redone."

While University Council made

no explicit move to reject the pro-
posal. members have apparently ar-
rived at the “no action" decision
informally.

“Renovation needed was very ex-
tensive." said Newmark. “The
place is very old and it was a hotel.
They would have had to make it in-
to apartments."

"it was not as adequate as some

(continued on page ﬁve

Westmoreland Opposes SALT ll

 

Calls For Military Increase

by l. Richard Behar

ftcr denouncing Congress‘
recent SAlfl' ll proposal as harmful
to national interests. former Army
Chief of Staff (icn. William C.
Westmurcland went on tocall for an
increase in United States military
power.

Speaking beloic
conference at the Empire State
l’la/n on Sunday. \Vestnlorcland
took his first stand on the
contrmcislal arms limitation treaty.

Alter subjecting the proposal to
careful scrutiny. he concluded that
"the U.S. would be better off
without it.“

Westniorcland told reporters that
ratification ol the contract with the
Soviet U nion would not only further
the buildup of weapons among the
two super—powers. but could also
prove significant in restricting
technology in which the U.S.
“already has a preeminent position."

Citing the presence of
Russian troops in Cuba as evidence
of the" global threats facing the
United States. the general requested
that the Senate take a broad look at
the nation’s military readiness. He
feels that US. defensive capabilities
have taken a steady nosedive.
producing a loss of strength to the
Soviets.

“We need a nuclear posture that is
us invnlnerable as possible." he told
newsmen, "to the point where the

a_ press

U.S. commander in Vietnam from
l9(v4-l‘)(iti and us Army Chief of
Staffin the late I960s. suggested that
the entire treaty be rewritten to
stress both the number of weapons
the nations may sustain. and a U.S.
move into programs that are less
costly anti more effective.

Westmorcland's position on the
issttcjtnlts him with more than l500
retired generals anti admirals
who. like himself. have recently
requested Senate rejection of the
agreement.

'l be general visited Albany anti
Saratoga Springs as part ofthe third
annual conference of the (ireat
American Achievements Program.
an organiration designed to kecptbe
public informed of US history and
political evolution. During his stay.
he was named as Chairman of the
Advisory Board for the Bicentennial
Council of the Thirteen Original

States Fund. Inc.
Westmorcland blamed many

 

ctlrrcnt Amer problems as
stemming from a lack of good
leadership.

“We have too many elected

representatives with myopic vision
who are begging for votes and too
many followers and not enough
leaders." he said.

He called Congress‘ failure to
endorse a hill requiring all lit-year—
olds to register for military service
“unconscionablc".

The general referred to the sharp
reduction of manpower in the
federal reserve. National Guard. and
military services as sufficient ground
for mandating selective service.

“it would take seven months for a
new recruit to be ready for battle at
this point." he said.

“A lot can happen
mont hs. "

in seven

Programs Are Created I
For Dorm Improvement

As'a result of an unsatisfactory
SUNY Central rating of SUNYA
dormitories. administrative services
have initiated several programs to
improve existing conditions.

According to a report from the
Division of Finance and Business.
"the administration is determined to
tnakc significant improvements this

dormitory stuff has‘ been

strengthened by the assignment ofa
full time maintenance assistant and
a full time groundsman.
Maintenance crews have made
repairs and painted in dormitories.
Mohawk Tower has been conVcrted
back to residences. allowing for an
increase in housing facilities and

 

Slil'l‘l‘lMBER iii. l97‘)

should be continued. (‘lusiu said that the isﬁllc W"s discussed and it U.S. will never have to ‘W “1" year relying on n cooperatch BrubaCIICI‘ Hall has been altered for
was decided that the currcnl PUHU)’ WWII“ “m be ""9me pl'icc'." unimdc of the reg-{dam students," ‘ 4] “ddilionul bedrooms‘
J \Vcst moreland. who served as D o W at own a n d u pt ow It continued on page sew”
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE THREE

 

_ mo;r‘..r..-.;x¢£~W."r.-‘ - u» » a“

 

 

 

 

