 

 

   
     
     
     
 

      
     
       
    
    
 

‘1

 

 

 

    

g

((7 Waste Not... Toss More

 

.. taps-"ta News» Briers“; ‘;

 

 

 

“mm” Not Ready For Treaty-“

WASHINGTON (AP)- The United States and the Soviet
Union have settled perhaps the key remainihg issue in the
strategic arms negotiations, but still are not_re_ady to sign a
treaty. administration sources said. (Secretary ‘of State
Cyrus Vance and Soviet Ambassador Anatoly Dobrynin
scheduled a meeting for late last night to discuss the
remaining differences. Mindful of unanticipated issues that
have arisen in the past to confound the negotiators, ofﬁcials
refused to predict when the talks might end. State
Department spokesman Hodding Carter said "real
problems" remained to be resolved by Vance and Dobrynin
before the two sides discussed a summit meeting. The US.
sources. asking not to be identiﬁed.said agreement had been
reached on the rules for deﬁning a new missile type during
the duration of the SALT II pact. The deﬁnition of new
missile types has been a major unresolved issue. The treaty
would limit'cach side to developing one new land-based
intercontinental ballistic missile system.

Freeze On Edison’s Rates

HARRISBURG. Pa.(AI’) The Public Utility Commission
put a freeze on Metropolitan Edison's rates yesterday until
bearings can be held on the impact ofthc Three Mile Island
nuclear reactor accident. The commiSsion had granted the
utility a $49 million annual rate increase on March 22. six
days before an accident crippled one reactor at thep'lattt. But

V the rates will not be charged for at least six months. until the

agency completes its investigation. “Until we ﬁnd out the
facts. things should stay the way they are. All wefve really
done is maintain the status quo in terms of" rut‘ " said
commission Chairman Wilson Goods. The comm on also
said costs of replacing power generated-at the disabled plant
would not be automatically passed along to customers.
General Public Utilities. the consortium that ownsthc plant.
said it is paying $800.000aday to replace the lost power. The
utility serves some 1.5 million customers in Pennsylvania
and New Jersey. .

  

 

Poor Conditions In Plant

NIAGARA FALLS. N.Y. (AP)- Federal investigators are

' ﬁnding “the situation is more serious than we thought" as

they talk to former and present employees of the Hooker
Chemicals and Plastics Corp. about conditions at the ﬁrm's
Niagara Falls plant. according to a published report. The
Buffalo Evening News quoted an unnamed source yesterday
as saying: “We're ﬁnding two types of people. There are
those who are willing to talk with us quietly ifthey'reassured
anonymity and those who are paranoid. afraid that
damaging reports will lead to closing the plant." “They tell
us conditions have improved over the past two years. but
things are still pretty bad." the source was quoted as saying.
The US. Justice Department. the US. attorney‘s office in
Buffalo. and a House subcommittee sent representatives
here Wednesday to talk with present and former employees.

Smith Votes For Election

SALISBURY. RIIODESIA (AP)— Prime Minister Ian
Smith joined the voters at the polls yesterday as officials
predicted turnout before the last balloting Saturday in the
five-day Rhodesian election. Like all the other voters.
Smith put his hands under a black-light machine. their
dipped his fingers in long-lasting fluorescent ﬂuid to prevent
his voting twice. He told reporters he would be “sad "to turn
the nation he declared independent l4 years ago over to a
black prime minister. but he said he was "overjoyed" by the
voter turnout so far. Ofﬁcials reported nearly 40 percent of
the 2.8 million black and l00.000 white voters cast ballots
Tuesday and Wednesday to elect 72 black members at the
new Rhodesian Parliament. Moderate black leaders toured
the country to drum up support. Party campaign vehicles
decorated with colorful posters roamed the streets urging
blacks to vote.

'Jetliner’s Crew Cause Of Crash

Militiamen Fight For Rentle

BEIRUT. LEBANON (AP)- Lebanese Christian
militiamen. fighting to drive “foreign troops” out ofthe vest-
pocket republic they proclaimed in southern Lebanon.
wounded eight US. troops yesterday in a 35-minute
machine-gun and mortar attack on the international peace '
force‘s administrative headquarters in the tiny enclave.
Lebanese President Elias Sarkin convened his Cabinet in
emergency session yesterday to consider “coercive action"
against the Israeli-backed Christian rebels in the south.
Government sources said Sarkis was cxepected to order a
court—martial that would try Major Saad Haddad. leader of
the rebels. on treason charges and sentence him to death in
absentia. U.N. spokesman Hugo Rocha said six Irish
soldiers and two Dutch officers were hurt when the Israeli-
armed militiamen poured 4.000 machine-gun rounds and
150 rockets and mortar shells into the U.N. compound at
Ntrquora. three miles north of the lsracli-icbancsc border.

WASHINGTON (AP)Tbc failure ofajctliner‘scrcw to keep
track of a small plane was the primary cause of North
America‘s worst air disaster. a federal safety board rtrlcd
tentatively yesterday. The two aircraft collided OVCI' San
Diego and crashed into a residential area last Sept. 25.
killing 144 passengers. The National Transportation Safety
Board agreed unanimously that the flight crew o’fthc Pacific
Southwest Airlines Boeing 727 was to blame. but it ptrt off
adopting a ﬁnal report on the accident to discuss
contributing causes. The members agreed to rttcct agaan
today to discuss these items. The safety board said air traffic
controllers gave tltejct clearance to make a visual separation
approach ittto San Diego‘s Lindbergh liicld artd advised the
crew of the location of'a small Cessna I72. The I’SA pilot.
Capt. James E. Mchron. acknowledged ltc had the smaller
plane in sight. '

 

 

 

44/

 

 

The New York Public Interest Research Group
(NYPIRG) has started a paper recycling program at
SUNYA.Working in conjunction with NYPIRG‘s efforts
are the Schenectady group. Citircns Protecting the
Environment. and the students of a Public Affairs class-
Man Against His Environment. Student and faculty
backing is naturally needed and all are asked to support the
recycling project by donating their clean waste paper.

Recycling bins are located in thc NYI’IRG office.
room 382 in the Campus Center. and on all five quads.
accordingto NYPIRG's committee chairman John Banas.
On State and Dutch Quads. recycling bitts can be found in
the ﬂag rooms. Colonial Quad's dcpositorics are located in
the flag room and in the tower lobby. The Indian Tower
basement trashroom is the only place to donate paper on
that quad. while boxes for the recyclable papcr are on each
floor of Alumni Quad dorms. The location of tire paper
recycling bins are subject to change due to their possible
danger as ﬁre ha7ards.

Newspaper is not the only type of" paper that is being
recycled in this program. as all cl tan pttpcr qualifies to be
recycled regardless of whether it is colorcd. from maga/incs
or cardboard. Metals staples and paper clips should be
avoided as well as the ccllophanc‘windows ofcnvclopcs arid
photographic paper.

Recycling paper saves trecs.cuts down on tltc bttlk ofsolid
waste and saves energy. It is a critttc tojust throw ottt paper.
so think before you toss!

Energy Info

Thinking of living off campus next semester? The New
York Public itttcrcst Research Group (NYI’IRG). has
opened an Energy Information Center to help students fittd
ways to save energy where they rcnt.

Student rcntcrs who want tocut t‘rcircnergy costs can find
help at the new Energy Information Center which opened
Wednesday. April 18. I979 in Room 3X2 at tltc Campus
Center. Six students volunteers and staffat the center will be
giving free advice to callers on ltow to save energy. The
center also has prepared a sheet on energy tips for student
A wide variety of information is available.

tenants.

 

 

 

 

including advice on insulation. conservation. wood burning.
solar and wind systems.

Besides giving out advice. the center will act as a clearing-
house for information on energy programs of other local
agencies such as Cooperative Extension. Niagara Mohawk
and the NY. State Energy Office.

The center is open Monday to Friday. l0a.m. to 4pm.. A
new “hot linc"phonc system ltas also been developed and the
number is 457-4900.

 

Job Hunting Help '

Kelly Services. a temporaryjob placement service which is
sponsored by Off Cttmptts Association Job Placement
Service will bc on campus April 23. 24 and 27 with
information for students seeking summcrjobs. The Kelly
people will he in the off campus lottngc in tire Campus
Ccntcr front I0a.tn. to 4pm.

Kelly Service (which is a free service). places applicants itr
temporary positions in offices and otltcrjobs requiring light
industrial work. According to a representative front Kelly
Services. tlrerc will be many positions available for
individuals with typing. shorthand. ttnd other office skills.
Applicants are assigned to jobs to cover for regular
employees who are on vacation or leave. Salaries start above
minimum wage and tire based primarily on skills. The
representative noted that while the focus of tltcir campus
recruitment will be surnmcrjobs. employment opportunities
are available year round.

May Fest Entertainment 1

University Concert Board (UCB) recently released tltc
entertainment schedule for the long awaited May Fest.to be
held on May 12. According to UCB. the four groups that
will entertain SUNYA at May Fest. beginningat l2:00p.m.
will be (in order ofappearanee).Tbe San Francisco Allsttrrs.
James Cotton Blues Band. N.R.Q.B. Orleans.

Tickets for unlimited beer and food will go on sale on
dinner lines sometime in May. Ticket prices are as follows:
$2.00 with tax card bought in advance. $3.00 day of show
with tax card. and $4.00 day of show without tax card.

Indian Identification

The Crime Prevention Unit that instigated Project
lndentifictttion. hastttrnottnccd a new schedule regarding the
times the ttnit will be available on Indian Quad. The (‘rirnc
Prevention Unit will be on Indian from April 23-28 to
continue the Operation Identification Project. The schedule
is as follows:

Monday. April 23- Adirondttck attd Cayuga balls from 7-
l Ip.tn.

'l‘ttesday. April 24— Multicth and Montauk balls from 7»
l lp.m. ’

Wednesday. April 25- Oneida and Onondaga hails from 7-
l Ip.tn.

Thursday. April 26- Seneca and 'I'uscarora balls from 7-
l Ip.tn.

Saturday. April 28- Moftawk Tower from 2-If)p.tu.

Fast Support For M.S..

On Wednesday. April Ill. UAS hcttd Ii. Norbert Zahm
presented a cltcck for $800 to a representative from Multiple
Sclerosis. The mottcy was raised by student service
organilation. (‘ircle K in a rccertt food first itt which students
gave up their meals. UAS donated $ 1 .00 for each ofthc 200-
250 students tltat did not eat in the quad cafeterias dttringthc
food fast. resulting in the $800 that was presented to

 

C Simira News Bsfiefs

 

 

 

 

 

 

Multiple Sclerosis.
l

APRIL 26, 1979

 

..-/-_.._.~ .. _.. _._ _..-.._..«

.Ven'dirig Machines. May Disappear

by Laura Fiorlenvtlno

Zahm said that if this alarm
system fails to curb the vandalism
problem. UAS will consider
removing the vending machines.

"The damage this year has been
unbelievable in comparison to
previous years.“ said Zahm. He said

‘that from July I. I978 to March
I979. tftcre have been 205 separate
incidents of vandalism with thefts
and damages to equipment
amounting to almost “2.000. In
comparison to these ﬁgures. last

year there were |55 incidents which
amounted to an $8.800 loss.

UAS takes in roughly 525.000-
each year on the vending machines

 

 

HAP Coordinator .Ilm ('astr “'

     

calls it L.
Irving It) t'l‘r'ttlt' a grower .n-nst- trl’rvnnmtunrr.
r: » .

according to Zahm. This money is
used to support various university
programs and activities. Zahm said
that with a loss this year of more
than half this money. some of these
programs will be made to suffer.
Zahm did not attribute the rise in
vandalism to the malfunctioning of
the equipment. “I believe his the
intention of the vandals to bash up
the equipmentjust forthc sake ofit.“
Some people have been found
vandalizing the machines with
crowbars and other tools. according
to UniVersity Police Director Jim
Williams. ,“Occasionally tltese
people are arrested and then referred
to the courts.“ Williams added that
these incidents usually occurat night

7g it.ng

and 3 .

I‘ltum: III‘IIM'III'I

when nobody is around to 'witncss
them. 7 '

Williams said that University
Police does not have enough men to
'patrol the area and said it is the
responsibility of the people who see
the crime to report it.

According to Zahm. Indian Quad
has apparently been the worst
area for vandalism. He said that a
total of$3.642 has been lost through
thefts and damages to machines.
Zahm believes. Indian's isolated
vending machines are the cause ofits
great increase in vandaaisrn. Dutch
quad has had the least amount of
theft amounting to only $38l.

 

Vandalism ma cause the loss of vendin machines on campus in the future.
"The damage this year has been unbelievable. "

Photo: Burk/nan

HAP Creates Sense Of Community-

by Gayle Zinn
'- Creating a greater sense of
cotnrnunity is the goal of the second
annual HAP (Human Awareness
Program). scheduled to take place
on campus during the first \tcck irt
' May. The week of planned activities
will culminate on May 4 irt HAI’
Day. complctc wrtlr music attd SA
sponsored ice cream anti becr.

IIAI’ was initiated irr Spring of
l97li by the Student Association to
foster a greater sense of contttttrtrity
among the various. large groups of
people on campus by crcttting an
atmosphere containing the ideas of
human uwttrcncss. undcrstanding.
and cooperation.

IIAI’ coordinator .iim (‘astro-
Illanco sums up the purpose of IIAI’
with two words: involvement and
community. Furthermore. Castro-
Blnttco views IIAI’ us an example of
school spirit at SUNYA that is
created not out of specific need. but

Students In Favor Of Cable TV

 

Opted For User-based Fee

by Beth Scxcr

The results of a Student
Association conductcd survey lust
rnorrtlt concerning the installation of
cable television revealed that sixty-
fottr percent of" students surveyed
opted for a “uscnbttscd fcc“in whitb
all the suitcs would be wired for
cttblc TV. but only those students
taking advantage of the hook-ups
would pay for it. according to Cable
TV 'lask liorcc urcmbcr' Iirian l.cvy.

’l‘hirty percent of those surveyed
were in favor of wiring both the

suites and thc Iourtgcs for cttblc 'I’V
attd charging a muntrdalot'y fuc of
twenty-five dollars per year forcvcry
SUNYA sludcnt.

Capital ('ttblcvision hits
informally agreed to install cablc 'I V
on campus if and when the decision
to have cable TV is approved.

Capital (‘ablcvision \till foot the
$460000 bill for Ilrc cost of wiring
thc campus.

Levy said that the results of the
survey were “sontwlrttt inconclus-
ive." us to whether students watrt

SUNYA Students Act
As Big Brothers, Sisters

by Janet Sltctt

“Our role is to expose thc kids to
itsIttttttycxpcttcnccsits\vt‘ctttt.ttttty
to cut It‘ll their liycs.aud to IIL'ID thcrn
gritty.” said I-vuu (irubcr.
coordinator of the new SUNYA
studcnt "Iiig llrotlrcr, Itig Sister"
cutrrpatgn instituted on IIIL' SUNYA
campus last month.

' “Wu want to Ilil\’C pttttics.
barbecues. clt“. tlo tlntrgs With the
kids that they won't gct thechuncc to
do irt thcir owrt nt-ighbttt'hootls."
said (irttbcr. _

The volunteer program rs rtrrt
by sixteen undergraduates and
Grttbcr. a graduate student rtt

clinical psychology.

“We take kttls frtrrn Albany.
typically from our |ltflL'ltl (usually
motht-t) Illllllt'S. lhcy conic front a
range of economic backgrounds.
though most t'tlllll.‘ front the lower
ends. “There is also an inter-racial
rnixtur‘c.“ said (irahcr.

The program has operated on
Saturdays. with tltc volunteer
counselors picking up the children
from Albany by bus and escorting
them to the SUNYA campus fora
day of activities.

"The kids really appreciate being
on campus; they have it good time.
We fruve u better time. It gives the a
good feeling to see them relate to

t'tllllfllltt'll on page / I.

Ilotuc llox ()flicc tn addition to
‘ctrblc stations. l.t\y also said that
almost all students indicated in thc
survcy thut cablc 'IV and IIII()
would ttot ttffccl their participation
irr extra-curricular ttctivitics.
Ilotvcvcr. Levy said that he cannot
plucc much trust iii the accuracy of
this response. atrd that it should not
be used as “it basis forttttytlccisiou."
According ttr |.cvy the question of
nhctltcr to \\ he the campus for IIIiO
us \chI as cubic IV is a ntaioronc."l
personally feel." he said. "that
without Illit) there‘s really tttr
pr‘oblcrrr." lIowcvcr. l.cvy udtictl.
llli() would take “a big bite“ otrt of
on campus filrtt groups. the
Mottsctrap Wruc itlllI (‘hccsc placc.
quad functions. and othct'ut‘tivitics.
l.cvy said that cable 'I V became
an isstrc partly bct‘uusc Albany has
only three tt'lt'vision Nlillltlllb. find a
lot of students would like to follow
more sports atrd haw ucccss to
additional stations.

The installzrtron of cubic IV on
campus ttlstr tillt'llh up thc pttsalllillty
for thc l‘ifttcutiotutl (‘onuuuntt'u-
lions ('cutct to make use of the
channel reserved for SUNYA.
Student programming would
provitfc an educational opportunity
for students itt tltc television media.
and irtcrcascd student involvctttertt.
Htrt Levy thinks that the installation
of “80 on campus would “erotic
the sense of community" irt
SUNYA.

out of sense of' communrty.

Currently. the IIAI’ Committee is
planning thc events designed to
brittg rtbout this atmosphere of
grcrttcr social interaction. The IIAI’
agenda will irtcltrdc a student-faculty
softball gumc.tt comttttntal run
around the campus. and an cvcrritrg
bull spousorctf by Class I’rcsidcnts.

(‘astro-Illanco slrcssctf the
importance of involvement by
students. faculty. administration.
turd staff of the university for the
success of this program.

Cultural groups. Clt s and Quad
Presidents. and RA's are being
contacted and tncouragcd to
contribute tltcir ideas and projects.

Department chairmen rind faculty
are being urged to depart from their
fixed roles and to acknowlcdgc
IIAI' wcck iii any way they choose
to ttpprouclt it. Letters being sent to
tltc faculty community suggest that a
brief portion of class be devoted to

 

 

   

“open discussion“ promoting an
excltarrgc of feelings. perspectives.
attd uttiludcs.

Thc ptrblicity artd ideological
ittlcractiotr of IIAI’ week will lead
up to thc IIAI’ Day festivities. After
scvcn months of inactivity. the
fountains will again be turned on in
their ltrli splendor. Upon selection
by audition one person from each
quad will play appropriate music to
add to tltcsprrtt ol thcdtty on the butt
lowct' cttrillott. ll'ttn Ilrown and a
countryaycstcrn band will also be
there to play. Frec bccr anti ice
cream will he offered.

An ongoing llutntttt Awareness
Program is strongly supported by
President ()‘l.cr 'y and other
administrators. ltt addition. this
idea has been met with “receptive

response“ by department chairmen.
faculty. and students who.huvc
already been contacted. sttitl Castro-
lllanco.

 

 

 

 

.2...

(hide 'I'V 'Ittsk I'or'Cc ruotnbcr liill
Suln‘l sttitf that IIICI't‘ is no rlouht itt
his mind that il'liliO is btotrgitt onto
t'rtrttpus tlflt' of the fitttc groupt.
t-rthcr Albany Stutt' (‘incrnu or
'I och lust. nill told.

"I would Irkc to we cubic on
campus. and Motor Ilox ()fltcr:
lIlltIL’l t't'lltllll Intrusions." Solrcl
soul. "I I lit ) could be instullcd. bttt il
II lrt'gins to hurt the ltltrr groups. that
service should be tt't'tnuttttt'd."

Albany Sttttc ('iuctuu Ilircctot'
Marilyn Forum" suid."l would have
many regrets if “130 was installed
on campus. It would definitely affect
otrc of tlrc movic groups.“ 'I‘ower
littst would probably suffer more
than Albany State Cinema as it is
trot SA funded. Furtnan added.

I-Iowcvcr. Forntttn said tltttt tltc
filnt groups alone would be affected

 

 

 

 

 

 

It . t . ~
fry the ittstallutron of III“) on

campus. “People will still go out
afterwards." she said. “Students will
still go to the Rat or the Mousctrup
uftcr the IIIU\'IL‘\ urc o\cr."
|.c\y suid that the Iztsk I‘tIICL' is
Iltl\\ going to tutor along two trucks.
first. they urt' "-.trfi trytng to get
feedback " fltcrt- “ill be open
ltt'rttutgs lIl fIlt' lt'ctut'c centers on this
issue \\'Ililtll tltc rtc.\t l\\t\ \\'ccks.tttttl
tfrt'yztrt' sttll scckiug ottt information
from colleges tlttrt already have
cable IV on their campuses.
l'be 'l'usk l‘ot'cc is also
investigating other options such as
only wiring tltc lounges. The cost of
lounge wiring would be less than
wiring every individual suite. anti
' 'would therefore reduce “mandatory
fce' l'or on—cumpus dwellers.
f

 

APRIL 20, 1979

' ..ALBANX STUDENT ensss

Maia REE

 

 

 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
   
   
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
   
  
   
 
  
  
   
    
   
    

A—......m_... . '

   
  
  
   
   
 

 
   
 
 

2..“

 
 
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
   
 
  
    
  
  
 
 
   
  
 
  
  
  

        

  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
   
   
  
    

 
  

 

