 
  
   
   
 
   
 
      
 
    
   
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 

continued [rum 1071;
This teacher dared to talk. This old gray man with liver spots and catarac eyes. what

ould he know oi how I felt. I didn't even know. Words. Could words kill. could they
all the wounds I suffered. could they explain the grief that panged me in my
unrelieved confusion, could they describe the utter gaping happiness i felt in watching ’
crowd cast a shadow or a tree begin to bud? Could words kill? This teacher dealt out

ords. and poems written by whiskered men staring blindly on the face of a page. I
tstened. l saw. “A host of angels singing." the sun, shone. The winds whispered the ~
muse of a thousand ages. The Nightingale sang. the bell tolled, the Porter knocked.
Who's there?

Thanksgiving oi sophomore year I went home direly in need of a vacation. On the
way back Jesse and i stopped off in a huge record store and i bought about twenty
albums that Jesse and l deemed essential to life. it cleaned me out. but I didn't care. I l
was so excited about going home.

Home. i just wanted to escape to it. To surround myself with the protection. the
safety, the seclusion of home. 7

Home. Dad in the doorway grinning. "i knew you'd come back." his grin said. A
hug. Mom. Oh, Mom, my eyes exposed me. And there on the stair. a man. bearded.
plaid shirt. sneakers. Bill?

“Hi kid," the man said.

“Hi.” We shook hands, He grabbed me. hugging me. The biggest surprise was that i
didn't feel more surprised.

“God. it's good to see you," he said. i was his height. 1 had gone through a iew
girlfriends, a modest amount of drink and drugs, an adolescence tortured by doubt
and pain and confusion and fear, and a lot oi other things in that gray area that ac-
cumulates over seven years in a person's life. but it was good to see him too.

We talked. all of us, for hours. mostly Bill talked while we ate and asked questions
He was married and he hart a baby daughter. He was happy. He talked about the six-
ties and the protests and marches, but he had learned the art of subtlety and applied it
ior our parents' sake so his anecdotes were in the patter of a night club comedian.
each eiiect carefully rehearsed through years of retelling. i realized how little I really
knew Bill. After all, when he left i was twelve years old. a sixth grader. God, i was a
child. And i grew up and he missed it. 1 wanted to speak more at dinner butll couldn't
think of anything to say. i guess I was waiting for him to ask me questions. i guess
there was a certain unease tn the air. He was really a stranger to us. Every time Mom
passed him with another course of dirty dishes, she touched him on the shoulder or
head. reassuring herself that the eighteen year old son she wept for was the same as
this twenty-five year old man eating her dinner. But in her eyes. you could tell, this
was her first born.

1 made a vain attempt to interest but in the records i brought after dinner parading
my Songs In The Key 0] Life. and Animals, and Low albums as classics. But he wasn't
interested. He asked if Dylan was still recording. 'V

The holiday quickly ended. And Bill went back to Canada. this time leaving a mail-
ing address. He had a great time. Again i watched Bill leave, but this time I felt nothing

but an intense desire to go home. To find home first, and then to get there. """"”“"" '
. arr l‘l7H

  

  

  
    
   
   
   
   
   
    
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
 

 

 

 

 

by Ron Levy
Science of the 70's: A diiitcult idea to
define. much less write about. In just ten years
man has extended himself over a billion
miles into the cosmos and observed particles
that live tor only a few billionths of a second;
temperatures four times higher than the center
oi the sun have been obtained and scientists
have projected that the universe may be ap-
proaching middle age. A broad area. but there
have been a number of outstanding highlights
in our science, its use in a growing world, and
a marked increase in a cry out for controls to
harness our knowledge.
in December of 1072 probably the last
human to walk on the moon in this century
(can you name him?) had parked his lunar
rover and sealed the airlock for the ascent and
return to Earth. Mankind's Initial quest to
physically go outside oi his limited bounds and
press against the unknown had ended "No
one can know where this exploration will iinal-
ly take us," said historian Arthur Schlesinger.
Jr., “but the pursuit oi knowledge and
understanding has been humankind's rnosl
abiding guest and to have conitnud this quest
to orrr own small planet would surely have
been a betrayal of man's innermost nature."
Travel to the moon and extended stays in
orbiting laboratories has taught us much about
our own capabilities and L'oniinunreni Two
Russian cosmonauts. upon returning irorrr
their Snlyut space station, louud it dtiltr‘ult to
walk or coordinate themselves alter mort.I than
ﬁlx ounuhs In npneu. 'rlw Ilmrr uni Ir.qu fur
Apollo astronauts on the moon was measured
by the amount of equlplln'nt they could «any
on their backs and by the sun's habit oi
sporadit~ ilaring /\n exploding iuel cell on
Apollo 13 brought world attention to the
delicar'y oi our instrumentation. the tlrrn liiit’
We were putting livr-s on. Arthur (T ('lrrrkt's
Kore/inn may have been t‘tttlt’t‘l in sin/mg
"The stars are not for man." but at least Wt‘
have accepted the challenge
in thtI past decade there have been It‘) in
divulunl deep space proht's. each llllllllllllll'il
and launched to explore one or more of the
planets in our solar system. l"ottt oi them.
Voyager l and ll .rnd l’roneor it) and l l . gold
anodirtt‘rl plaques that dt'pit't tlu' lllllllrlll lllllli'
and female anatomy in wide with the ship. tr
model oi the hydrogen atom. and tr map oi
our position in spare 'l‘wo oi the (mils, the
Voyagers. also unit] It tit) minute metal plrtlt'rl
lp lL’t‘ttt’tl voted ll'tlhl likely to make the Sun
day morning /\M lop Iltt itr. (Turl Sagan
prepared a showcase collection of our L ultur‘e
in lilttslt" science. and language wuh rerior‘
dings oi llrrr'lr opt-ms. lieetlrovr'n sym
plronies. Ht'it‘tillllt’ formulas we have tlt'lth'tl.
and greetings til almost itil driir-n'ut tongues
The ships I'l‘i't’tillU r-m'ounter‘ed the planet
Jupiter and will not exit the Solar 532510!“ \tlttll
l‘lﬂtr. listimrttt'd tnm' oi tllllVIll in the ton
siellatiou» ()philu'lrns (Voyager 1) and
(Trrprirornus iVoyager ii) is it‘ll) million years
Five neighboring planets were explored in
the 1970's, revealing new iat‘ts about them
and enlightening theories on the origin oi the
solar system. What iollows is tr ltt'tt‘i dest'rip
tiotr oi the planets as we can now view them.
It’ierr'nr'y. The setond snmllest planet and
, closest to the sun, Mercury was the prime sub
tect oi Mariner His mission in 1‘174. l‘ltst
reports to the media llltlli'tllt'il a rrroon in orbit
oi the planet hut lair-r romputations showed it
to he simply another planet in the hat‘kgtotuul
'l'ht- surirrt r- itttritur-s showed a t‘trtir'lllttt quite
like our tttturtt". thus ronlirnnng that our entire
solar system was om‘t' lronrhanlutl Ill .r shower
oi meteors
Venus tint v thought to tultlrrlii lllt'. the
ll ‘r ‘r l\’ W l I or m ptnln iouunl .I l».urvu -Ilitl

iltltiutttltltlr‘ ‘ll‘ttt ,iltttttllltt‘llt trillllh"tl

writt'tt tun ttt"t tutti.

 

we”:  M » ~.‘ _..‘_~... M. N... ..v....-_..._._..-....._.t.‘~~.,‘-.. Hm", ,.. w «W,

 

 

“There in nothing at all absurd about the linings: éEﬁi’itiiiE-‘i.
We matter. It" seems to nic a good gas», lunar-ded- by a
good many people who have thought of it, that we may be
engaged in the formation of something like a mind for the
life of this planet . . . We are the newest, the youngest, and
the brightest things." ,

' - Dr. Lewis Thomas

 

 

 

 
    
 
   
   
   
   
   
    
 
   
   
   
   
   
    
 
   
    
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
    
 

