 

.. .,.c._v~..._— MW..-»

., f ..m..‘..‘ ~.....-_‘__.

 

   

SUN YA students have become ingenius at devising testing aids.
of exam taking wearing apparel - the crib shirt. (1

'--~‘. ,..,..»-.——- —

on... M .7...,..... .. .... M.” n. in-..»
m “‘4 r- . - .. A.
_ c ._ .... ......«

emember when you were it.
sixth grade.and you wanted to

clicat'.’ First you signaled your

friend across the room. and

very discretely mouthed the
numbers of the questions you needed.
then. after waiting a couple of minutes.
you got up and found your way to the
garbage pail. On your way back. your
friend carefully slipped a small sheet of
paper into your hand. And if it was
impossible for you to get to him. he
disposed of the scrap and passed your
desk.

Robin Goldberg

Docsrftii seem like those ﬁrst days of
dishonesty werejust moments ago? Think
of how much you‘ve perfected those
cheating skills since then. Or. maybe
you‘re ol the group that doesn't cheat. for
whatever reason. Maybe you had a bad

experience and you got caught. Or maybe
If just goes against your basic morality.
No matter what view one takes. cheating
in school has become a fact of life.
lhere are many reasons why cheating
has excelled to such wide proportions. A
lot of students feel that in a state of
desperation. it might be the only way to
heat the “curve.” Andrea. a sophomore
business major. claims that “it‘s an
excellent way to please your parents."
How does one go about this task of self
iiiiproicincnt'.’

 

 

This picture simulates a
’hoto: Mark Halek)

VJ)“, ._.. a. 5.. a... “vow

   

I here are so many methods ofcheating
that it's impossible to single out the most
successful ones. Scott says that he plays a
hypothetical game with cheating. He tries
them out in his mind and sees which ones
would work more often. or with greater-
lrcqueney than others.

Scott‘s favorite is the rubberband trick.
He says if you have a wide panel
rubbcrband. stretch it out as much as you
can. and write your cheat notes on that.
Release it. and they‘re all there, just
smaller. Hc views cheating as an
intellectual ekercise. “the most important
thing isn‘t cheating. it’s bullshitting. it
takes as much intelligence.“ Scott says.
“to cheat well as it does to learn the
material." Nina. an undeclared
'sopltomore. agrees. “cheating has been
known to be a ‘best subject‘ in school."
Joe Kcating. a SUNYA psychology
instructor feels that cheating is dependant
on the atmosphere the teacher creates. “if
the instructor generates an environment
condusive to cheating. such as scaring the
shit out ofthe students. it would provoke
cheating." Kcating says the grading
system plays an important role in a
student's perspective of the course. “in
most courses the grading system is
intended as a selection procedure or as a
rank ordering procedure. rather than to
provide feedback to the student on the
adequacon student‘s performance or as a
moiiiational system.“ Just as many
students feel that cheating is the only way

  

new for-fin ‘

 

.. .. vvﬂvwwv

 
 

 

How far out on a limb wou

Would it be worthi

What does the SUNYA faculty i

What can happen if you’j

to insure you don‘t fall behind and to the

end of a curve. many teachers feel this

way as well.

Kcating feels that “a teacher's
obligation is to design evaluations that
are relatively cheat—proof. to the extent
that it‘s possible. You can‘t come up with
a completely cheat proof environment."

Sociology professor Craig Brown says
that he doesn‘i employ elaborate methods
of preventing cheating. He says he won‘t
give alternate forms of tests. hejust tries
to have assistants on hand, and exert
carclul surveillance. "Certain situations
lend themselves to cheating. such as large
classes. multiple choice tests." he said.

Using proctors in a test situation does
reduce the chances for successful
cheating. says Kcating. There are more
eyes around on duty. and naturally less
Irecdom. For this reason. many teachers
have assistants available when they
administer an exam.

Jon. a sociology major, feels that
cheating is inherent for most test
structures. “When you create the
structure ofan examination. you create a
cheating environment. especially where
it's very easy to cheat without getting
caught." Jon claims that his methods.
which range from the conventional crib
sheets to writing on the inside ofhis pants
cult and crossing his legs. are usually
successful.

One approach to cheating. says Larry.
is "really an advanced approach. it‘s not
really cheating. Mind over matter. Call
the teacher over. and say ‘1 think this is
the answer.‘ He‘ll involuntarily move his
head either up or down for an instant.
lhat “ill give you a him as to how you
answer it."

Steve. a business education major in his
Junior year. doesn't cheat. “For the time
you spend cheating. you might as we“
study. \ou won‘t get anything out of the
course. and you don‘t know if the person
you‘re cheating off of is doing it right
either."

lliat‘s one risk that‘s taken when
cheating off other people. You can‘t be
sure that they know what they‘re doing.
l.llcn. a freshman. used a survey method
in High School. She would try to sit with
three people in front of her. Then she
would take th‘ answer that two oflthcm
had. ll all three had different answers. or
the same answers. she‘d pretend to pick

tip tier pocketbook. and check with
people behind her.

A lot'ot' peoplejiist don‘t cheat because
hey don‘t need to or feel guilty. .loc

Kcating recalls that in school he never
ch sited. not because of some strict moral

 

 

 

d you go for a“ grade?

l in the end?

 

Caughtcheaﬁng?

code he had. hejust never had the need to.
Steve says that he works on his own for
“plain satisfaction. The consequences far
outweighted the benefits."

Naturally. the consequences of getting
caught is greatly dependant on the nature
ol the exam being given. “When
proctoring an exam such as the GRE‘s.
it‘s my duty to report cheating, since lam
receiving money for mytime. and took on
the obligation.“ said Kcating. Brown says
that the severity of the punishment he
would administer is dependent upon the
llagrancy of the offense. He says if he
thinks he catches someone looking at
another‘s paper, he will warn them. “l
can‘t he sure ifa glance is cheating. or ifan
outstretched neck isn‘tjust that." He says
he‘s only lifted a paper once. in his
teaching career. ' V '

lhe consequences vary according to
the seriousness ofthe situation, said Dean
Kirschner of the Office of Student
Affairs.

According to Kirschner. however. the
initial course of action does takethe same
route. After a student is' accused of
cheating. the faculty member involved
has a number ofchoices. He can eithertry
to handle it himself by confronting the
.studcnts involved. failing the student on
the exam (or paper), in the course. or
dismissing the student from the exam or
the course. On the other hand. if he feels
the offense is serious enough, he can refer
the case to the Dean of Student Affairs.
l he Dean‘s office then passes the case on
the Committee on Student Conduct
tL'SL'). who then acts upon it.

lhc secretary for the CSC notifies
eiery one involved and sets up a meeting.
lhc studeiitts) involved are permitted to
bring character witnesses. as well as
witnesses of the incident. The faculty
member involved has the same rigltts. [fit
is a case between two students. (where one
sltlticnl reports another for cheating from
his Work). the same proccdttrc 'l holds
true.

lhc CSL' then refers its dcc'
action to the Office of Dam of Student
Affairs. l'he Dean's office mtikcsthe final
decision on the situation. More often
than not. the Dean docs agree with the
decision of the CSC.

lhc course of actions taken 'an range
Irotii dismissal of the case to comtiittnity
service. or university action. A copy of ti
letter slitting the offense can into the
student‘s file. Disciplinary warning, a
notification to the student‘s parents of
his her behavior can be given. A' more
stringent warning issued in response to
more serious. or more frequent violations

'ion for

 

' is disciplinary probabtion. 'l‘he
probationary status is generally issued
for a stated period of‘timc. lfthe CSC and
the Office of the Dean ofStudent Affairs
lccls an even stricter punishment is called
tor. a disciplinary suspension can be
called. l'his separates the student from
the university fora stated period oftime.
alter which the student may apply for
readmission. The statement "suspension—

disciplinary“ appears on the Undergrad
or Graduate Record.

lhc most severe action that can be
taken is the disciplinary dismissal. This
permanently separates the student from

the university. with no chances of

readmission. “Dismissal-disciplinary"
WI“ appear on the student‘s UnderGrad

I or Graduate Record.

For all cases but the letter of Warning. :1
written notice will be sent to the student‘s
parents if he is under the age of twenty-
one. lhc only exception is ifthe student

with prove in writing a substantial reason

not to do this, such as financial
iiidcpcndance.

“Six to ten cases a year of academic
dishonesty reach the Committee on
Student Conduct." says Dean Kirschner.
In his eight years at SUNYA Kirschncr
has not seen a permanent dismissal as the
decision. It is the university's feeling that
students should be allowed an education.
and so this action is frequently avoided.
“Most 'cases are handled by faculty
members themselves.“ Kirschner says.

(‘oiistiltations (such as this simulation) during exams are not met. n min, and fall under t h
category of group projects and consultation. (l’hotO' ivlark l’lalek)

     
         
       
      

 

    

   

       

“working it out with the students
involved. It usually involves some grade
reduction.“

Kcating is aware that a lot ofcheating
goes on in his classes. in his l’sych l0l
class last semester he worked on a point
systciit. and gave a few points to students
who handed in what he called
"loopholes." He got diversions such as the
conventional crib sheets, getting other
people to take your exams. and "leaving
notes in the john."

“me are always the people who wait
outside a room for someone whotook the
test the class before them, and get it
general idea of the test. Or others who
wait lor a friend in the class before. who
studied the work. and then wrote down
the lanswers. “It's common 'to‘ hear
student‘s looking for someone who had
their course a previous semester. so they
can "borrow" term papers. There’s even a
iiiail-order catalogue that stocks term
papers and sells them.

According to Kirschner. The New
York State Attorney General has ruled
their mail order papers as a case of

academic dishonesty. Faculties have:
been warned to check carefully for this
lorni ol plagerism.

No one knows for sure what makes
people client. The consequences far
outweigh the benefits ifyou'rc caught. biit
cheating. nevertheless is almost as
common as test taking and paper writing
themselves.

 

  

 

     
  
  

 
 

      

  

 

