 

WouldjECAisnles

Iran Angered Over Shah ’8 Move

 

 

 

TEHRAN, Iran (AP) The shah's move to Texas brought
new threats to put the American hostages on trial as Ira-
nians voted in a referendum to approve Ayatollah Ruhollah
Khomeini's new Islamic constitution. Tehran Radio an-
nounced the Revolutionary Council has set up a center for
national mobilization to carry out Khomeini's orders to
create a people’s army ready for battle against America.
The government radio also said Iran will ask the Organiza-
tion of Petroleum Exporting Countries to abandon the
dollar as the currency for the international oil trade
medium of payment and instead use a “basket” of strong
currencies. Foreign Minister Sadegh Ghotbzadeh said the
shah's flight Sunday from a New York hospital to an Air
Force base outside San Antonio was part of “a plot against
our revolution. If the United States decides to continue the
crisis . . . the trial of the spies here will begin." “if the shah
leaves the United States for another country, we will try the
hostages," said a spokesman for the students holding the
50 Americans who on Sunday began their ﬁfth week of cap-
tivity in the U.S. Embassy. Another of the militants said
the shah‘s move front New York to Texas was “another
trick taken by the CIA to protect the shah. But everyone irt
the world knows he cannot be protected against the will of
God and the will of the people."

Deportations Arouse Concern

WASHINGTON (AP) in addition to students. an undeter-
mined number of Iranians in the United States on tourist or
business Visits also face deportation when their visas cxpirc.
Civil liberties attorneys say many of these Iranians risk
death or imprisonment if they return to Iran. What troubles
the civil libertarians most is the selective enforcement of imA
migration laws, based on nationality. “It becotncs sort of
Ayatollish to say we're goingto pick on Iranian students, to
single out Iranians when you're not checking on anybody
else." said Joseplt Rauh. a Washington lawyer and
longtime civil liberties leader. “It’s not only a violation of
civil liberties. but ludicrous,“ he continued. “If it would
bring one hostage home one minute sooner, one might cort-
sider it. But it won‘t brirtg one hostage home. You don't
answer the outrages of tltc Ayatollah by mistreating people
in your owrt country." "Aliens have constitutional rights
but not to the same degree as citizens." said Yale law pro-
fessor Robert Bork. a former U.S. solicitor general. “If
these were American citizens. obviously orrc couldn‘t single
out an ethnic group." But Bork said iii an interview that ltc
believes Congress would have the constitutional atrthority
to refuse U.S. admission to Iranians or any other nationali-
ty. And if a nationality could be excluded frortt the country,
then the government can deport those frortt a particular na-
tion who have violated the law, he said.

Navy Men Killed By Terrorists

SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (AP) Terrorist gunmen ambush—
ed a busload of U.S. Navy personnel on their way to work
near San Juan this morning, killing two servicentcrt and
wounding cigltt others, Navy ofﬁcials reported. it was tltc
first fatal terror attack against the U.S. military itr Pucrto
Rico, where pro-independence violence has mostly been
limited to attacks on property. By mid-morning, two hours
after the killings. no one had yet claimed responsibility.
The Navy said names of the dead arid wounded were being
withheld until next-of—kin could be notiﬁed. The attack oc-
curred at 6:20 a.m. (5:20 EST) as the servicemen wcrc
riding to work at a naval communications facility irt Torr
Baja. 10 miles west of San Juan on Pttcrto Rico's north

(i

Anourvd Campus

Student Storm Over Iran

 

Campus security stood idly by as pnsscrsby stopped
momentarily. Others joined in as about ZS'pcoplc stood in
the Campus Center lobby Friday. arguing about U.S. in-
volvement with Iran, the Shah. thc hostagcs. and so on. At
approximately 5:30 p.rn.. thc ccrttcr became an llrclllt for
about 20 minutes. as groups of people rttntcd, rrtvcd.
screamed, and rationalich about tltc situation. The rcstrlt'.’
l‘coplc argued for it wltilc, some tcllirtg other. to [cave tltc
U.S., with others supporting tltc ltartittrru' actions, but
finally, tlrc crowd dwindled to a select few, maintaining rt
dying utgtrrncnt.

 

 
 
 
  

' maintain a yellow-.schoolzlmsrwitlt Navy-markinyrraiddér

. ,Steye Chesser, public affairs ofﬁcer at the Navy’s Roosevelt
Roads Naval Base. He said none of those on the Navy bus
was armed. Police said the attackers abandoned their vehi-‘
cle, a white van, not far from the scene of the attack. and
apparently ﬂed on foot. Police forces spread out through
the area in search of the ﬂeeing terrorists, a police
spokesman said. Small pro-independence groups have
bombed federal facilities and branches of mainland banks
in the past, but such attacks have usually occurred in the
hours between midnight and dawn, and there had been no
injuries until today. The FALN — Armed Forces for Na-
tional Liberation — also has staged bombing attacks in the
United States. Some of the pro-independence groups had
vowed vengeance for the death of Angel Rodriguez
Cristobal. who was found dead in his cell at a federal prison
in Tallahassee, Fla., three weeks ago. Prison authorities
said he apparently hanged himself. Rodriguez Cristobal
was among 21 persons arrested and tried for trespassing on
Navy target beaches on the small off-shore island of Vie-
ques. Nineteen were convicted. Protests have been held on
the island in an attempt to force the Navy to stop its target
bombardment and amphibious exercises. The Navy main-
tains the island is vital for training the Atlantic ﬂeet.

Lower Medicaid Costs Proposed

NEW YORK (AP) Scn. Daniel Patrick Moynihan. I)-N.Y.,
proposed Monday a fundamental change in the nation‘s
health care program. which he said would reduce Medicaid
costs for 41 states at a cost to Washington of $2.1 billion.
Another $26 million would be provided under tltc measure
to “hold harmless" the nine remaining states which now
get more funds at the cxpertse of the others, Itc said.
Moynihan met at City Hall with City Council President
Carol Bellamy to irttroducc the proposal. which tltcy said
would result in an additional $600 million for Ncw York
State. of which a third would go to New York City.
Moynihan said the fedcral govcrnrncrtt now spends roughly
Slh billion annually to reimburse states and localities for
portions of Medicaid expenses. However. Moynihart and
Miss Bellamy, who helped dcvisc tltc legislation. said in a
joint statement, "These funds are distributcd on the basis
of an antiquated and savagely unjust formula." They said
that under it, New York only gets reimbursed for 50 percent
of its costs wltilc other states get up to 70 percent.
Moyniltart said that “tltc most serious flaw" irt the formtrla
is tltc use of per capita income as the measure of a state's
ability to pay for Medicaid. He said this failed to consider
the cost of living —- 25 percent nrore irt New York City than
Dallas - and penalized people who pay high taxes on their
income. about a third more here. He said the state's rtbility
to pay also was distorted by includirtg welfare and Social
Security monies New York receives. Moyrtiltart and
Bellamy proposed eliminating tltc practice of squaring the
state-national per capita incortte ratio, which first was
employed in the HilI<Burton act of I946 to give greater
assistance to states with the least ability to pay.

Shah In Texas: Mixed Reaction

The deposed shalt. now irt a Texas military hospital. was
welcomed by ortc Texas senator, but otltcr officials worried
that his presence could spell trottblc. Republican Senator
John Tower welcomed Shah Mohammad Rcztt Paltlavi as
“an old ally of our country." But tltc shalt's swift and
sccrctivc move front New York to Texas Sunday rttorrtittg
took local officials irt San Antonio, where he lrtrtdcd, by
surprise. City councilman Bernardo liurcstc asked, “Why

 

Calling All Activists!

OK all you activists, start rallyin' again bccnttsc you‘vc
bccrt noticed. Vice President Bill Bttrtkovick of Barnes and
Noble. :1 New York City based discount bookstore. got
wind of the rcccrtt demonstration against tltc University
Bookstorc and is interested in offering some type of alter-
native.

According to Bartkovick. who claims he ttsttttlly doesn't
make traveling to schools a habit, lie was rtppr'ottchcd by a
SUNYA student this strrttrncr. “In August, I was npproucll-
ed by ll student frortt Albany because he was rtot happy with
lllt.‘ bookstore. I usually ptrt off this typc of thing," said
Bartkovick.

lint. as a result of tire sit-in and other student cortrplnirtts,
Bartkovick llcw itt frortt tltc city to offer an alternative
book selling and btty~hrrck scrvicc with Barnes and Noble.

“Being an opportunist, I came to Albany. There is no
competitive situation in New York City and it's kirtd ot'
i'rn/y to go against it bookstore. I don‘t usually do this ttitlt
otlu'r crttrrpuscs,” he added.

lint. llurtkovick is itrtcr‘cstcd rtrtd will be considering

tcvcrttl possibilities.

.vt.

as...wa

 

 
 

‘Decembelt 3z 1 979

San Antonio? Why us?" Meanwhile, Americans around
the country continued to show support for the 50 hostages
held since Nov. 4 at the U.S. EmbaSSy in Tehran. There
were prayers In many churches Sunday, marches. and
speeches. In South Carolina. about 225 persons wearing
white arm bands marched from the steps or the stare House
through downtown Columbia, Stopping at a Main Street
ﬂagpole to raise an American ﬂag for each of the hostages.
Speakers said the ﬂags would be hauled dowrt ortc by one as
the hostages are released. About 125 cubm,_Amcriwn5
demonstrated Saturday in Elizabeth, NJ. one
demonstrator, Doris Morales. said. "we feel we owe
something to this country that opened its arms ,0 us, and
we want to show we stand by this country." In a pastoral
letter read Sunday in churches in the Paterson, N..t.,
Roman Catholic diocese, Bishop Frank J. Rodimcr said,
“Pray that our nation's leaders and the leaders of Iran will
be guided by a vision of peace and by the understanding or
the value placed on every life."

U.N. Council To Convene

UNITED NATIONS (AP) Security Council members huh.
private consultations Sunday evcrtirtg to prcpttrc for It sc.
cond round of public debate on the U.S.-lranian crisis, 't'hu
debate in tltc IS-mcmber council was expected to rcsnnn- in
about 7:30 pm. U.S. Ambassador Donald F. Mcllcniy
said durittg a television interview earlier Sunday be u.
pcctcd “the council will act on a resolution . . . SillllL'lllnr'
tomorrow or tltc next day." He did not spccitt the
language a resolution might contain but said tltc Uttilcd
States was seeking "no condemnation but something than
would lead to the release of the hostages" at tltc U.S. l-tn
bassy in Tehran. McHenry spoke on ABC-TV's “Isstlc‘.
and Answers." During the first night of debate Sitlurdn),
all l5 delegates who spoke — 13 council members and l\\tI
non-members — called for release of the hostages, but no
resolutions were introduced. There was a long list ol
speakers scheduled for Sunday night, including many non
members of tire council. Iran is rtot attending the council
session. It announced Friday it would not send a rcprcsctt»
tatch and would igrtorc any council action. In Tehran on
Sunday, a Foreign Ministry spokesman said lran would bc
sending a low-ranking administrative ofﬁcer to tire Unitctl
Nations, but he would not be an envoy empowered to
undertake diplomatic discussions.

leprosy Still Affects Millions

ATLANTA (AP) Leprosy, the scourge of Europe irt llls‘
Middle Ages. still affects art estimated IS million pcoplc
throughout tltc world but it poses little threat as rt cont-
ntunicablc disease iii the Urtitcd States. according to tltc Illr
tiortal Ccrtter for Disease Control. Ortc cttsc of nort-
contngions tttbercnloid lcpr'osy was reported last week in u
20-year-old Oral Roberts University student at Tulsa,
Oklahoma, public health officials reported, lint tin- slltdclll
is ttrrtong'only about I60 persons irt tltc Unitcd Strrtcs who
will contract leprosy this ycrtr, according to cpitlctltittltrgislx
at tltc CDC. The studertt. rtot idcrttificd, is front South
America. Oral Robcrts officials said. Leprosy oncc “its
considered fatal, bccttusc no ortc krtcw how to truth it. bul
“it is very curttblc now," Dr. Albert Iiuglrtrrrl. :ut
epidemiologist at tltc CDC. said last chl.. littspilnli/ttlittll
or confinement is not required and tnbcrcnloid leprosy. “"C
of two types. is not cvcrt contagious, according to lilt' US
Public Health Service. Leprosy is clturactcri/cd by icslttll‘»
of tire skirt, weakness of tire muscles, purulbe Hull
deterioration of skin, muscles and bones.

 

Chinese Get SUN YA Ovation

"Can I hch cvcryonc's attention please? .lust hcur nrc
out,“ scrcrtutcd SUNYA l’rcsidcrtt Virtccnt t)'l,c2u.\’ 3"
Dutch Qnrtd's cufctcrin Friday.

Wlty till this ruckus? Well, its 0'l.crtry cxplnittctl it to llu'
unsuspecting diners, members of lhc visiting (hint-w
dclcgtttiort were on tltc quad to crtt lunch illlti Ittcct \tilll
students. rtrtd llL‘ wnrttcd cvct‘yottc to givc them it muul
wclcorttc.

So. its tltc visitor's waited on tltc lunch Iittc slottiy ntukttrt1
their wtty irtto tltc cnl'ctcrirt, tltcy were greeted by it strtndiui'
ovation and u long rourtd of applause.

liA's led tltc tlclcgulion rrtcutbcts to various trtblcs, \rln'rc
tltcy chultctl trwrty with sludctlls nrtd ntnttchcd out on HAS
food. According to ortc student, tltc visitors were irttctcslctl
Ill tltc various types of Arncricnrt cuisine. And they one
still smiling uftcr lunch \ths ovcr!

 

 

. .ru: "swat.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

132,)“

Assaults

by Jessica Lee

In response to the recent rash of
assaults in the downtown area. two
alternate weeknight SUNYA bus
routes have been proposed for next
semester.

The proposal was made at a
meeting among Dean of Student
Affairs Neil Brown, Physical Plant
Director Dennis Steverts, SA Vice
President Tito Martinez. and SASU
delegates Janice Fine and Susan
Goldfischer.

Travelling on a SUNYA bus
heading downtown, the group
followed the alternate routes which
would be in effect on weeknights.
between 6 and II pm. '

The first plan involves rerouting
Alumni bus stops closer to the
quad. This plan reirrstates a route
which was discontinued irt Spring
'78.

According to Stevens. thc bus
will truvcl its rcgulrtr‘ rotrtc httt will
ttrrn right on Ontario Street artd
stop irt front of Alumni Qurtd's
Pict'cc Hall. Tltc bus will tltcrt make
an immediate left onto Western
Avcttrtc. it left at Quail Street, and ti
right back to Washington Avenue
to corttirttrc tltc Cllfl't‘lil rotnc.

Stcvcrts rrddcd, “This plan will

Bring

 _

. .i v

minutes."

According to SUNYA Supervisor
of Vehicle Operations Bill Gathen.
this plan will require the use of
smaller SUNYA busts beamsc
parked cars will interfrre with
buses turning tight corners. “This
is one of the reasons we had to ter-
minute the route in I978.” said
Gathen.

“This run. however,

!I I

will.

 

 

add six to nine minutes to the route,

Safer Bus Routes

lanai

Albany lllgh

'tiit"'.."ir" iii,

eliminate walking from Washington
Avenue to a dormitory." Gathen
added.
Another Plan
A second plan "will essentially
double bus service for the Alumni
Student.” said Stevens.
The Alumni bus will go down
Western Avenue. make a left on
Quail Street, then make a right on

JL—J

i.__|_

T7 Washingtdn Avenue

 

' Wrishlrigton Avenue aridai'ightont-I -

to Robin Street. The bus will then
go back to SUNYA via Western
Avenue. The Wellington bus route
will remain unchanged.

IPlan to Reduce Crowdlng

"Hopefully," said Gathen. “this
will reduce traffic on the buses,
since there will be specific crowds
for each bus line."

As to which plan is likely to
materialize. Gathen said, “I'd
recommend that we continue work-
ing on the Alumni-down Western-
route. Right now, we just don't

 

 

Alumni

 

 

 

 

 

 

Midtotut Study of Allltlll)

  
      
   
   
 
 
   

Mme/y".- new. ... . ,   

have thqmattpowerand edulpmcitt
to put it' to use this semester.”

Capital District Transit Authori-
ty. (CDTA), runs buses which stop
at each entrance of the SUNYA up-
town campus. Said Stevens. “We're
attempting to revise the system in
such a way that we will not interfere
with the CDTA routes."

Gathen said changes may occur
next semester. but he cannot
guarantee anything."

Revisions in bus service during
weekends, and after 11:00 pm on
weekends. are being considered.

---—- First Route

—_ Second Route

 

 

allowing for traffic lights ttrtd no
snow prohlcttts, making tltc 4.2
miles irt tt total of about 25

Map showing proposed Alumni Bus Service for next semester.

SUNYA Council Studying CIA Role

by Beth Scxcr

Wltilc tltc CIA claims it has had
no irrvolvcrtrcnt with SUNYA, the
University Council on Academic
Freedom nttd Ethics (CAFE) will
corttirtttc its efforts to establish

guidelines governing rcltttionships
betwcctt tltc CIA and FBI and
SUNYA.

According to CIA Information
and Privacy Department employee
Don McGrcw, "The CIA could
find no record of any ttgcrtcy ac-
tivities with SUNYA." A letter cort—
firming this information has bccrt
scrtt to CAFE and is expected to ur-
rivc next week.

CAFE Co-cltrtir Dr. Joseph Wrrll
snid SUNYA still needs guidelines.
“Tire CIA files may contc up blank
now, htrt this nccd not say it will
come up blank irt tltc ftttul‘c."

. ,. ..

a

1.]!
gr M‘s! 
,.

7 .

('otrrscs lrtt‘lutlt- anything from cooking to suite rootu tlt'corullort.

 

      
    
 

Art outline of the guidelincs
should be ready by January. accor-
ding to CAFE Chair Dr. (icorgc

‘Litchl'ord.

Studcnts and faculty have bccrt
nrccting to dctcrrttirtc lilt.‘ need of
guidelines outlining relationships
betwccrt irttclligcrtcc agencies and
the academic community.

According to rt report issued by
tltc Church Senate Sclcct Corrtrtrit-
tce irt April 1976, tltc CIA has cort—
tttcts with 100 academic ittslitu—
tiorts. A rturnbcr of universities
have sirth titcrt rcqucstcd irri'orrnrt—
tiort regarding possible involvement
with tltc CIA and FBI.

The FBI has already rcsportdcd to
CAI’E‘s request by sending at tile
consisting of incidents invcstigrttcd
by tltc ttgcncy irt tltc 60's and 70‘s.

ilowcvcr, according to l.it-

 

"I.'\'t'I tour )r'i'HH “rum/III III from ,r/ ,1... “ML '-

AIJIANY H'I'UIH‘IN'I‘ PRE

SS

 

cltl'ord, tltcrc is sorttc indication
that “other” information from
rcgionzti FBI headquarters was rtot
submitted to tire council by tltc
Washington bureau.

According to Director of Univer-
sity Affairs of SASU's Office of

Rcscttrch and information Howard
Brodsky. tltc CIA is “misguidirtg”
CAI-‘E by claiming it has no records
of relationships with SUNYA,
citing tltc ttgcrtcy's ittvolvcrncrtt
with other SUNY schools.

“That’s impossible." Brodsky
said. “because Clifford Cl'trlz,
SUNY Binghamtott‘s President and

forrttcr CIA agent. filed and receiv-
cd documents that the CIA ltad
relationships with SUNY Bingltarrt-

ton."
Among tltc 28 documents Clark

received, Brodsky addcd. runny
were “heavily ccrtsurcd." thus rttis-
ittg confusiort as to whether they
referred to otltcr SUNY universities
otltcr than Bittghnnttort.

l itcltl'or'd stated Clark v. tr- rctuc-
turn to send tt copy of tlt-_‘ 1"" in
SI‘N\ A. but d... “on a ttasort to
meet with CAFE and discuss the in-
formation.

Brodsky added former Statesman
(SUNY Stonybrook's newspaper)
Editor-in-Clticf David Razlcr rc-

canllmred on page six

Experimental College Planned,

 

Offers Variety Of Courses

by Sue Miillgttn

While SUNYA‘s Dcprtrttttcnt of
Chemistry docs rtot offer it course
on tltc citcrrticrtl corrtpourtds of mix—
cd drinks or brtr'lcnding, SUNYA

 

r “r
||.n

 

.uU-t‘l7
iii, “(ii i l

1,. _t'-\- "A

“M
Fﬂﬁlll§$9l II

“.953
flu-bi

' 339754

fut. ~l

,, .,,- ,._
I’ltolo.‘ .S'ttt- 'Ii/tt/or

 

ALBANY STUDEN'I' PRESS

Mi“, W...“ .. ,. ..

students may soon have tltc oppor-
ttrrtity to take such courses tltrotrglt
tltc University.

Rich Hyntsort, n Colonial Quad
RA. is currently attempting to int-
plcrrtcrtt an “Experimental Col-
lege" program, which would offcr
MM

g. item 'F—€ATUR€

students at wide variety of nort-
acrtdcrttic. tron-credit. rtrtd frcc
courses. They would irtclttdc
anything front cooking rtrtd crafts
to nttto mechanics artd suiteroont
dccor'rrtiort.

Accortlirtg to Ilyntsort. tltc
courses could be taught by students
scrccncd lhrottglr rt sclcclion corti-
ntittcc. ltt addition. tltc tcttcltcr's
would rcccivc ttctttlcnric cr'cdil its
they would rtot receive it salnr'y.

So for. thc proposal has not rrtct
with rtnrclt oppositiort. [tilt is still irt
its "planning stages".

“I have spokcn to scvcrul tlcrtrts.
RAs. and Qtrrtd Directors," suid
llyrnson. “livcr'yonc scents gcltcr‘ttl-
ly irt favor of tltc idcrt."

Ilc added that il "I'cw potcrttirtl"
[littltit‘llllt ntttsl hc rcsolvctl if lllt'
progrrtrtt is to bc invcstigrrrctl.

“SUNYA is u libcrrti
school," In.- srtid. “it ctutnor lcnch
vocntiottrtl programs. 'I'hctc is tr
possibility that sonic of tltc courses
might be cortsidcrcd llS such."

 

rtrls

Ccrttcr for Undergraduate
Education (CUE) cmploycc
Lcorutrd Lapinski said, “Hymson
has good ideas, but they need
dcvelopirtg. Tltc program hus
possibilities if sttrdcnts are willing to
make tltc cotnntittmcnt."

Lapirtski further mentioned tltc
possibility of rcccivirtg credit for
teaching “is nttotltcr story."

Pennsylvania State University,
Yale, Tufts. and Cornell Univer-
sities, and Washington State
University are among tltc institu-
tiorts which incorporated
“Experimental College“ progrnnts
irt their curriculums.

lrt Tufts Uttivcrsity of
Massachusetts. the program has
bccrt “very successful," according
to its director Robyn Gillrttnn.

“We Itnvc ovcr 1300 students,
participating irt tltc progrtutt," sltc
strid. “ttnd it is growing every ycrrr‘.
chrcscntrttivcs of Harvard.
Wcllcsicy, and Brown Universities
‘cvztlttrttcd the program lll 'l'trl'ts lrtst
‘tcrltcstcr‘, and found it ovcrwhclnt-
ing."

(iillrnrtn :ttldcd that tltc program
has expanded botlt irt curriculum
tuttl student participation since its
intplcrttcntntiort irt WM. (.‘ttrr'cntly,
4t) count-s ru‘c ol‘t'crcd.

The program‘s tcuchirtg stuff
stndcrtts, fatality
continued on [Jutft' five

PAGE THREE

consists of

 

