 

 

 

..~—— .._.. w‘m-U‘
/

 

 

 

 

ldi Amtrt To Move To USA
SOMEWHERE IN THE JUNGLES 0F UGANDA (ASP)
Close aids of the soon to be exiled president and aspiring
heavyweight contender ldi Amin, have hinted that he might
soon be coming to the states. Staff secretary’“Axe”
Magambu says that the dictator would like to ﬁnd a
comfortable home in San Clemente or Beiair. and retire.

except for a ﬁght now and then. .
Fight promoter, Don King. is said to be interested in
buying an interest in Amin. when and if he arrives in the US.
King commented. “If we could get him to ﬁght Kallie
Knoetle. it would be a natural..Every racist in the world
would pay. to see that one."

Citing To Vietnam: Phuch Hiu!

,‘NEW YORK (ASP) In a recent press release the Hanoi
government blasted the Chinese government concerning the
not-soon-forgotten invasion of that far eastern nation. The
press release charged civilian abuses on numerous accounts
and derrranded some form of restitution. There was no
response from Chinese ofﬁcials.

However. two days later the two nations' United Nations
diplomats ran into each other on First Avenue. Refusing to
yield the right of way on the east side of 59th Street. the
Vietnamese dignitary becnme outraged and threatened to use
bodily harm. Calme the Chinese agreed to give in.
Nonetheless. the Vietnamese diplomat persisted using abusive
language.

Turning around in response to this. the Chinaman was
heard to say. “PHUCK HlU. hiu asshore!"

Cleveland Mayor Apprehended

ZURICH, SWITZERLAND(ASI’) Runaway mayor Dennis
Kusinich was apprehended here yesterday by Federal
authorities. after 23 days on the loose. Kusinich sported a
fake nose and eyeglasses. but the agents Were still able to
recognize the cleverly disguised former “boy wonder of

 

 

Pressed for comment. Kusinich said, “i couldn‘t take it

Man... mess I v '

anymore. How Would you feel if you Were mayor and your
brother tried to rob a bank? Then the council started talking
about another recall election.”

Kusinich then spoke in a strained voice and added,
pleadingiy. “l'il give the money back. 1‘" do anything — just
don't send me back to Cleveland." '

Later in the day. the Swiss government acknowledged the
harsh cruelty of such a proposal. and granted the mayor
political asylum.

Everything’s Cool At. The Plant

HARRISBURG, PA(ASP) At a press conference earlier
today, Governor Dick Thornburgh, “lit up like a Christmas
tree.” awarding to a cameraman covering the event. At the
time. the (humor was asserting‘that. “everything is safe and
sound at Three Miles island Nuclear Plant. All you pregnant
women and children can come on back now."

The three representatives on hand from the plant could not
explain the glow around Thornburgh. They did. however.
express some alarm when all the metallic objects in the room .
were drawn towards their belt buckles. as if magnetized. At
the end of the press conference. all four fainted.

Said a spokesman for the Nuclear Regulatory
Commission (NRC), “ Press conferences are very agonizing
experiences. Besides, maybe they had a virus. or something.
We are very pleased with the way the crises was handled. and
concur with the Governor's opinion that the area is now
entirely safe." The sopkesman then fainted.

Billy Carter Tours World

AFGHANISTAN (ASP) President Carter's brother, Billy is
now engaged in a twelve country goodwill tour of the middle
and far east. As of yet. the event is without incident.

every day for a month. Sixty-three percent ofthe rats did not
survtve a week. A control group was fed egg salad.

throughout Capitol Hill. Republican presidential hopeful

him out now. No way he'd ever go back to Plains after this."

~ I ~ * i
Jimr'ny Hoffa Is Not Dead 1

Milan, ltaly (ASP) In a startling development. Jimmy Hoffa
announced that he is not really dead, but was actually “on
vacation." Hoffa told reporters that he was quite surprised
that he had been assumed murdered. Recently. though, since
the trucker‘s strike began. Hoffa decided that he “had spent
enough time on the beach, and began to get that old itch to
break a few heads.” ‘

The former teamster‘s boss elaborated by announcing that
he planned to return to the United States and reassume his
old job by “whatever means are necessary.”

Current president of the Teamster‘s Union, Frank
Fitzsimmons. commented “Jimmy‘s unique skills as a labor
negotiator should help facilitate a’quick end to the strike.
We'll be glad to have him back."

Fitzsimmons has not been seen since making the
statement and is presumed to have gone into hiding.

Peanuts May Cause Cancer

WASHINGTON. DC. (ASP) The FDA has released the
tentative ﬁndings of a study concluding that peanuts may
cause cancer. Excerpts from a carefully worded statement
said in part:

"The results are not be be interpreted as unquestionable
. . . howeVer. we would advise pregnant women and children
to reduce their intake of peanut butter andjelly sandwiches."

The results were derived from an experiment where 500
laboratory rats Were fed one pound of Skippy peanut butter

After the report was announced. snickers could be heard

Howard Baker was reported to have said. “We'd better get

 

 

 

 

 

Uniting” as he was making a deposit in a Swiss bank.

 

 

  
 

Naked I Came

With the arrival of warm weather. sunny skies. and
Spring Fever. Streakers Forum has initiated a new campaign
to raise student awareness of the beauty of nakedness.

“We want the calm: campus to share the joy of the ﬂesh.
Besides. it‘s the policy of Streakers Forum to search for the
cheapest form of entertainment possible." said Streakers
Forum Chair Roberta Fartin.

informal teach-ins will be offered Friday and Saturday
evenings at the home of Ms. Fttrtin. Sneakers and
Stopwatches will be provided.

Training courses will begin next weekend will be offered in
the fountain on the podium. There will be programs for
beginners. as well as for intermediate. advanced. and totally
perverted streakers. Co-cd sessions are open. Ms. Fartin will
be holding privately arranged auditions forthosc interested in

participating in the annual SUNYA Streakfest.

“We urge all concerned podiators to come out and streak.“
said Fartin.

l

. Lazy Letters

Does your mom complain that you don‘t write enough?
How about that special someone back home. when was the
last time you dropped him or her a note?

Well if your letter-writing habits are getting poorer and

you. It's the Letters for Anyone Service. and it‘s available
now.

According to SA President Paul Feldman.uny student who
eligible for the service. Just dropa note in the new box marked
the rest.

much of my time." Feldman said. “and lsawa real need fora

and Dave Ruffo all agro‘d to start this new program. We'll
personally write every letter."

address. and how close you are to that pcrson."said Feldman.
“We'll do the rest."

 

 

poorer. or less and less frequent. SA may htrve an answer for

just can't seem to ﬁnd the time to write his or her loved ones is
Letters for Anyone at the information Desk. and SA will do
“i found that thejob ofSA President really wasn't taking up

service like this. So myself. Fred Brewington. Debbie Raskin'

“Just indicate on the note who the letter should go to. their

So if mom's threatening to cut offthe bucks. drop offa note
at the information Desk and let SA solve your problems.
Once the letter is written. all you have to do is pick it up at the
reception desk in the SA ofﬁces free of charge. Feldman said
to allow about three days for them to get the letter ready.

The Bells Aren’t Ringin’

Fear not. SUNYA students! No more will you be forced to
leave the comfort of your beds during the wee-hours of the
morning! No logcr will your screwin'around be interrupted!

Party on! Sleep On! Fire alarms are going to be pcrmantely
removed from all quads.

After the series of false ﬁre alarms. members of security.
quad maintenance committees. and administration have
decided to destroy "every last one of those gosh—darn
noisemukcrs.“ according to Director of Public Safety Jim
Williams.

Williams said “those damn boxes" are detrimental to the
students. He cited incidents of insanity. academic failure. and
injury to the car drums. “It doesn‘t make sense to subject your
students to this pain in the ass sound."

' Vandals and townics have been hired to rip the alarms out
of the walls. Williams said students will have to use their
senses wisely now. Keep you nose on alert for smoke!

Bottoms Up

Colonial Quad has decided to satisfy the needs of both
worlds and is sponsoring a S.O.'i‘, (Shame on chtotalcrs)

Weekend for all of you alcoholics!

for "Who Can Down the Most Shots in Ten Seconds?"

them as well." said at 5.0.11 committee member.

There will be a variety of events. beginning Friday night
with a co~cd Beer Bath. Other activities include drinking
champagne Out of Streakers. chugging tequila. and a contest

The weekend will be similar to the S.().li.f€.R. effort held
last weekend on ('olor‘ial. “We decided it was not fair to
discriminate against drunken bums. We have to provide for

- Ex-con To Speak

The class of 1979 announced yesterday that Marc Benecke
would be its graduation speaker at this year‘s ceremonies.

“We feel that Benecke represents all that a SUNYA student
should strive to be." said class president Benjamin
Bloomstone. “He's sort of a rags to riches character that we
can all look at with envy."

Beneckc. former class of 1978 president.admittcd to having
taken over 53.000 in class monies. a little over two years ago.
However. he was found innocent of those chargcsina court of
law. and never paid back the full amount to the class.

Since that time. Benecke has risen up the social ladder to
become the doorman at New York's fashionable Studio 54,
This rise is what prompted the class to choose him as their
speaker.

“Bencckc is a living symbol of the American dream. He's
young. he's got money and he's always mentioned in the gossip
columns. What more could we ask for in a graduation
speaker?" said Bloomstone.

 

 

 

 

4k

 

 

sunny—a news briefsjiy

 

PAGE TWO ,

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

APRIL 1, I979

 

 

 

SUNYA Stocks Stink Says Somme

 

“Disgrace” To Perturbed Cohen.

by MJ. Madman

SUNY currently holds stock in
corporations which do business in
both North and South Dakota.
according to SUNYA Committee
Against investment in North Or
South Dakota(SCAliNOSD) Chair
Bob Cohen. Cohen called such
investments "an affront to all
educated people anda disgrace to
this great university."

“SUNY has money invested. even
if it is indirectly. in states that have
absolutely no redeeming qualities to
support such an investment." said
Cohen. “After all. who ever heard of
anyone of signiﬁcance from the
Dakota's'! McGovern was close. but
he proved to be pretty much of a
wash-out. How we can support such
an area ofthe country is beyond me.
it'd be better if we threw a few
nuclear plants up that way andjust
contaminated the whole place."

Cohen said a letter was sent by
SCAllNOSD last Thursday to
SUNY Chancellor Clifton Wharton.
cosigned by SASU President Steve
Allinger. SA President Paul
Feldman, Albany Student Union

  

    

(ASU) Chair Nancy Smyth. and
WCDB General Dave Reisman.
Cohen could not remember vwhy
Reisman had signed the letter.

"We sent the letter in the hopes of
alerting the Chancellor to this
serious problem. it‘s about time
SUNY stttrtcd investing its money
more wisely. such as in companies
which do business in countries like .
Brazil or Argentina. Nobody ever
complained about those countries.
they‘re some of the most intellectual
and democratic ones in the world."
said Cohen.

SUNY Controller Ronald Ruf
said yesterday that the Chancellor‘s
ofﬁce had received the letter and that
“we're looking into the matter right
at this moment."

"if it's true. and these companier
are doing business out in tht
badlands. we'll pull our money out
quicker than a rabbit runs from a
fox.“ Ruf said. “There‘s no way we
want any doings with an area of the
country that has more buffalo than
people."

Cohen said he was encouraged by
Ruf‘s words. but that he still wasn't

  

A SUNYA coed. just prior to being mugged while walking to the library.

Making the campus sage it no longer a prioril‘r'. .rrlirl Frail Brewing/on.

 

The $300,000 can be used elsewhere, where it is more necessary.

“The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.

Photo: UPS

convinced that Wh'itrton was
supportive .of SCAiiNOSD’s
efforts.

Smyth called the coalition formed
by SCAiiNOSD, SA. SASU,
WCDB and ASU on the Dakota
issue "very exciting.“

“We‘re hoping to also bring in the
Albany State University Black
Alliance (ASUBA). the United
University Professions (UUP). the
Jewish Students Coalition (JSC).
and the New York State Retired
Teacher's Association (NYSRTA).“
said Smyth.

“If we can bring together all these
groups to combine their energies to
beat this thing. l'm sure we'll be
successful." she said.

Feldman said he was excited by
the alliance formed overthe Dakota
issue. “Things were kindgof slow
around here aftec the tuition rally
fever.“ he said. “but now we've got
an irnportttnt cause that i think the
students should rally around.
Besides. i want to go out with a bang
as SA President."

leaders of ASUBA. UUP. JSC.
NYSRTA :Ind SASU were

»-._vr.~...--,.._.,............ ~.... m” A.

  

The utterly useless land of the Dakotas. North and South (above).
77n’re are no redeeming qﬂulilies to .mp/mrl {he inveslnrenl.

SASU President Steve Allinger (ft-ﬂ) has coslgned a letter.
WCDB's Dave Reisntan (right). pictured just for the hell of it.

unavailable for comment. as they
were all attending a convention in
Atlantic City concerning the
principles of mass demonstrations.

Reisman said he threw WCDH‘s
support behind the cause. "ht-muse]

Photos: UPS

wanted to see if i could get my
picture in the ASP again. i always
like to get my face out from behind
the mike rind into the public's eye
whenever i can."

Student Safety Is No Big Thing

 

They Refuse Protection

by Liberty Bell

Student leaders yesterday rejected
an administration proposal that
would have entirely funded a
Student liscort i’utrol on Campus.

According to Vice President for
Business and Finuncc John
Hartigan. SUNYA budget officials
handily came up with $300000 to
fund S’l'lii’ for the 1979-80 period.
only to find out that students
"adamant in their refusal to take the
money.“

"We just couldn‘t see taking
money out of the University btrdgct
that wasn‘t absolutely necessary.“
said Fred ilrewington. a student
who worked earlier in the year on
the STEP project.

After careful reconsideration. we
have corrrc to the rcaiinrtion that
making the campus safe for
pedestrians should not he one of the

priorities of the Student
Association.“ Brewington said.

Brewington said that he feclr. iltttl
the age of “self—centered student
apathy is over: the average student
would mtrch prefer involving
himself in great social issues than in
matters that directly affect their
daily lives."

iircwinglon said that the S'l'lil’
conrmrttcc he has worked on for
months will now be rcorgani/ing to
join workers in the battle-against the
management of the .!.l’.. Stevens
Company.

Central Council member Lisa
Ncwrnark. who was instrumental in
a project that successfully brought
about the turning on of all campus
roadlights. said that she “applauds”
the decision not to accept thc
funding for the patrol.

“Now that all the lights have been

Potter Club Has Troubles On Alumni Quad

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

May Be Forced To Move Again

by Pundit no.

Potter Club has once again run
into trouble with housing. Last year
after many years on Colonial Quad
the Potters were forced to move to
Waterbury Hall on Alumni because
of u change iii the housing policy on
('olonial. Now after little more than
a semester in Waterbury it looks as
though they‘ll be moving again.
Residents on the quad are up in or mix
over the wildness of the club
members and their llllfllllh.

“it‘s getting out of hand." stated
Pierce linil resident .iunc
Wcrtrnueller. "‘lhey just insist on
having parties till 2 o‘clock. on
WEEKENDS. 'l‘hcy don't seem to
understand that some people are
here to learn, not to have fun. And
on Thursday nights they're always
partying after ll o'clock."

APRIL I. 1979-

Liz Rudko. Alumni Quad
Coordinator concurs. "l‘ve been
getting calls as late as llzl5
complaining of the noise in the
l'ottcr section. Another problem is
that girls just don't feel safe walking
near Potcr’s area. The boys are
always whistling at them. i have also
heard that they don't shoWer. ‘i'hey
scent to want to alienate themselves
from the rest of Alumni. One
example is that they‘re always curing
together in the cafeteria. They seem
to lcign friendliness by inviting
everyone to their parties. but
everyone'r afraid to go. Who knows
what sordid things occurthere'l'l'hey
have poor (iary Gates [Waterbury‘s
director] scared s r tierrsl They had
him locked down there one time for
twenty minutes and he hasn‘t been
the same since. 'Everytime someone

mentions Potter Club he starts
tremblingnnd bursts into tears. ljust
don't think they are fittinginhcrc."
l’otter members seem to be at ends
trying to explain their situation. “It‘s
:rrnn/iug." stated i’otlcr metnhcr
Mike "liogman" Williamson.
“livcrytirne i put my clubjnckct on.
people around lllt: sort of gel wide—
eycd and jittery. Just the other day |
chine up to a girl to invite her to one
rrt our parties and us soon as i
touched her hand she began to
scream ‘lirtpc. . .Iinpc!’ l‘lltell you.
lgntnut olthcrciuht,lt’sbecntouglr
trying to get through to people"
Waterbury resident and i'olter
Club member John Duffy explained
the incident involving (intea. “lie
come down to the club's section
because someone complained about
the smell of pot smoke. We thought

it was a good idea to show him
around. since we had just finished
our club room. but as soon as herrrd
the door close behind him. he started
shaking. l otlcred hirna becrtocrtlrn
him down but he just backed himself
into a corner looking very terrified.

HUI/HI ’rl on pum' ln.
. 7., _

 

    

turned on again. i dor.‘t see the need
for a student escort Patrol."
Newmark said. “And oesrd..s." she
added. “anybody who is too
frightened to walk from the podium
to the tjnndsnlone should never have
gone away to school to begin with."

Ncwrnrrrk added that she feels
"the campus is now it perfectly safe
place. The only thing we have to fear
is fear itself." ’.

iiurtigan said that lie was
surprised at the rejection of the
funding offer. speculating that the
current national passion for
reducing state spending has reached
the student level.

“i think what we see here is an
attempt by student politicians to
prove to their constituents that they
too can tighten their belts anti save
money." ‘

iiartigan said that he and other
University budget officials are
currently deciding on ways to spend
the surplus created by the rejection
of the $300,000.

“We‘re soliciting suggestions from
all over the University on viable
options for these surplus funds."
llurtigan said.

liurtiguu said that
suggestion has been to install a
smooth “runway” on thr
cobblestones at the circle “to heli
students wcaring high heels or clogs
reach the buses more safely."

one such

A typical I’oltcr ('Iub room. in especially good condition.

Slur-mi: up [not /I.‘/.5 uml cumin}: Iron/r/r' on Alumni Quadrangle

11:: offer Inn lm-n Iltlltlt' In more IIn'In lo the South Mall. forlyflrslﬂmrr.
llt.‘ctcrn, L'It't'lL‘liI. L‘lt't'lt'ln. L‘lt't'll'lil. clt't‘tcrtt. t'lt't'lL’lll.,UiCClCi'll.

l'lrolo: lil’h‘

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE THREE

 

 

