       

l .

 

Palestinian. Camp Is Bombed' .

 

   

Stations Urge Shutdowr/t

ST. LOUIS (AP) Service station operators from across the
country agreed Monday to urge a nationwide shutdown of
stations la er this month to protest government controls on
retail pro its on gasoline. A hastin assembled group of
. representatives of operators' associations voted
unanimously to recommend a shutdown ofstations May I7—
20 to protest the controls. About 40 people representing 30

A

state assoc tlﬁlr said they would return to their areas and
ask their it' w station operators to participate in the
shutdown. Campbell. executive director of the

California Servw Station Association, said the group has
. demanded a response llylln the Energy Department by this
Friday. Dealers make an average l0.47 cents per gallons
sold. and want to be allowed to mark up the price at least two
cents more than that. The operators argued that the
government regulations forcing them to limit their prol'itsio
I974 levels is unfair in view of increasing costs of operation.

0 I v r 3
Restrictions 0n Smoking

.

ALBANY. N. Y. (AP) After losing twice last year. non-
smokers won a big legislative victory Monday when the

: Assembly voted to put restrictions on smoking in public
places. Aftcra lengthy debate. the Assembly voted lib-SK to
ban smoking in most ptiblic places. except, for special
smokingareas. The bill now goes to the Senate. where its late
is uncertain. “All we're saying is that your right to blow
smoke around ends where your neighbor's nose begins."
declared Assemblyman Richard Gottfried. l)-Manliuttan.a
supporter of the bill. last year. the Assembly turned down ii
bill almost identical to the one passed Monday. as wellasa
much tougher version of the bill. But Assemblyman Pete
Granni .the Manhattan Democrat who has led the light lor

 

  
 

 

TEL AVIV (AP) Israeli jets struck into Lebanon for the
second straight day today. bombing a Palestinian camp at ‘
the southern Lebanese village of Reibah..an Isr cli military
spokesman said. He said the target was a guerri la camp i|
miles north of the border town of Metulla in Israel‘s
northeast corner. A Palestine Liberation Organiration
spokesman in Beirut said there were no casualties. Just
hours later. Prime Minister Menachem llegin told ilic Israeli
Parliament. in a major policy address that he will offer to
negotiate peace with Lebanon. He vowed. however. to

4' continue attacking guerrilla bases in Lebanon to wipe our
“terrorists who spill the innocent blood of men. women.and
children." Begin also appealed to Arab countries to donate
money and land for the resettlement of Lebanon‘s
Palestinian refugees.

the ban. said he succeeded this year because “the public
opinion polls show more and more people want this."
Penalties under the bill could be a maximum of$25 fine for
the first offense. and up to SIOO for subsequent offenses.
Supporters of the bill. dubbed the “Clean Indoor Act."
argued that it would protect the rights of the non-smokers.
and promote the health ofsmokersas well by making it more
difficult for them to smoke. -

Public Against Nukes

R f Ne otiations
NEW YORK (AP) Public support for a moratorium on Romero e uses g
nuclear power plant construction liasjumpcd in the wake of
the accident at the Three Mile Island facility.according to a
new Associated Press-NBC News poll. Hut whilcalmost two
of every three Americans want safely questions resolved
before resuming nuclearconstruction. most still aren't r 'udy
to orderall nuclear plants shutdown ii positionadvocatcd
by some opponents of atomic power. Nine out of ten
Americans said they had Itcard or read about the accident at
tlte Pennsylvania power plant. A series ol mistakes and
equipment problems in late March led the r-aclor there to
the brink ol disaster. and small amounts of radioactivity
were released into the air. After this accident. ()5 percent ol
those interviewed April .10 and May I said they: - that
“No more nuclear power plants should be birilt in this
country. . . until questions about safety are resolved. eycn
though some say this will mean energy shortages within l0
years.“ . '

SAN SALVADOR (AP) President Carlos Humberto.
Romero relused Monday to negotiate with [9 anti—
government militants who have been holding two
ambassadorsand nine other persons hostage iii the b sicgcrl
French and Costa Rican embassies since Friday. l’il'tccn
labor unions staged a strike in the first public show ol
support for the leftist militants‘ demands release ol li\‘c
dissidents and an international inquiry into alleged human
rights violations in this Central American nation. Romero.
art army general whose one-party rule liiis drawn mounting
leltist protest. issued a statement saying he would not
negotiate "with subversive groups trying to disrupt order in
the country." On Sunday. the militants. reportedly armed
with niacbctcs arid possibly with guns.‘ I‘L" ctcd ll
government ollcr ol salcconduci to Costa Rica il theycridcd
their occupation ol the embassies. 'l he raiders. members ol
thc I’opulai' Revolutionary liloc. took control ol the two
buildings about I5 blocks apart l-riday afternoon in
raids in which a security guard and one of the raiders were

(.
r:

 

r

 

 

 

w on nded.

 

Grads Light The Night

Graduates will pass the light of the University to their"
undergraduate torchbcarcrs this year on Saturday. May 26.
'l'orch Ceremony will be held on the front steps ol’ the
University between the Administration and Iiinc Arts
buildings. Seniors in tlicircapsund gownsuie risked too i l'i\L‘

p.m..' 'cording to Assistant Director of Student University
Activities Cathy Nushaum.

The ceremony. which was originally called lor K130 p.m.
has been changed to 9:00 pm. to assure a cundtrcrye
atmosphcr '. the ceremony is more eilcctivc at dusk. lhc
carillon will be played at the beginning. during the
procession. and respectively during the recession.

A traditional ceremony continuing lor many
Night Ceremony symboIi/cs the Senior Class passing the
light of the University to their undci'clussmcii to keep the
[lame burning. Graduates are led by the President ol the
Senior Class as she passes the torch to the President ol the
Junior Class.

The President of the University will speak to the Class
along with the President of the Alumni Association inyiting
students to participate in the Association as alumni.

A reception for family and friends will be held
immediately after the cctcmony in front of the Caiitpus
Center. In case of rain. the reception will be moved to the

 

‘s. liil'clt

 

will be in the gym.

 

 

 

 

\

 

outside the lecture Ccnterarea with their toichbcriieisni it '

Ratlis'kcller or the cafeteria and the 'l'orcb Ceremony itself

sccrncd to he more conscious ol the city llttlllllL‘IIl on l‘tiduy.
the campus was not llttl'lt.’lltlttll\l_\ lrtlcied us In past L‘\cttl\
and I lch that this was a \cry pil\lll\L‘ thing " Icldiurtri
attributed the concern loi Sl"\\'A's cn\iionmcnt totlic incl
that Picsulcnl Q'lcrti'y mentioned the cnyii'onmcrit in his
opcrttttg speech at llAl’ Hay and tlnit pcilinps students saw
others cleaning tip and lrtllowcd their cyainplc.
Willi Maylcst coming tip on Saturday. l’t'ldninn strilcd
that he hoped students would continue the grind wirr'k arid
z tisc trash cans instead ol littering the licld us in picyiotis

 

years.
In addition. Itc added that students should be riwarc ol

thcii ciiyri'oiniicul. not only :it SUNYA biil cyer’ywhcic

"When yoir lcriyc the campus

    
    

   

,  carry this eyrimplc on,"
r. ‘ \<,
yawn;

n—gg’

F rig Pick Up
Exam Schedule

llcl'c they-conic again linul csain time is nearly upon us.
Spring I979 final examinations begin on Wednesday. May
If) and continue thronin Wednesday. May 23. lixant days
and times cart be found in the Spring [970 schedule ol'clnsscs
hook or at the Campus Center iriloi'matiun desk. I'he exam
room will be the same its the lecture room. cxccpt loi
departmental arid special exams. (these exam rooms will be
announced in class.)

Classes that meet four or the days pL‘I' week should use the
cxarii schedule for MWF class meetings.

Requests for changes in the final exam day or time will be
considered only if a written request is accompanied by
supporting rationale Ii‘om the chair and dean.aiid is recci\ed
by the registrar two weeks prior to the beginning of this
semester‘s linrils week.

lie sure to liniin all those delectable items lclt in the big
\ttttlt because it is nearly tirric to clean. dclrost. and lltltl In
all rcntcd refrigerators. ()n campus pick tip ol i'c arms
will trike place on the lollowing days and times:

Monday. May 14 through l‘riduy. May lli rind May .4
through Irriday May 25 at:

Altiiiiiri Quad betwccn Alden arid Waterbury llltll\ at
|l):00-t|:00 r. .m. '

State Quad between Cooper and l‘Illlttlt llally rtt llils‘
l2:00 p.in.

Indian Quad bctwceu Cayuga rind Muhicuir lirills :Il
|2:l5-l:|5 p.in.

Dutch Quad between Ryckinan and 'l'cn Lyek Ilalls at
lil5—21l5p.lll.

Colonial Quad between Ilrirnilton Ililtl lkluiiccy llrillsrtt
2:|5-.l:|5 p.ni.

Wellington llolcl rind l’ittnirin Ilrill iclirgeirrtoi pick up
\\lll take place on the lnllowing two days only! Wellington
I‘lk'ly up “I” be Monday riinl Wednesday lictwccn 00079.45
tt.|tt.. tlttd l'tttniriir Hall will berm lucsdriy rind lltittsiltH
between 9:00-9:45 ii.ru.

Aiirl IL'IIICIIIDL’I i'cliigciatni's that on: not cleaned and
ilcltostcd will result Ill rr deduction ot deposit IttttllL'y. r\ii\
student who cannot return their teliigcintoi .it the nhoyi-
times must contact the campus ti'lllt‘\t'ltl£lll\i‘ .rr 4574840
bctoie May l-l.

 

HAP Good ‘Clean’ Fun

A pt)\ili\L‘ short to keep SUNYA clean was cllccti\cly
demonstrated on Friday llAP l)‘d_\. according to SA_
President Paul l‘tfltllllillt. l’eldiuriu stated that: "l’errplc

 

 

C Slsnya News Briefs

 

 

 

 

Wigs: TWO‘

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS MAY 8 19709:
" ,

E‘ﬁr-‘Vr‘

.. ..< aw"

 

Albany Fire Dept. ﬁretrucks will respond to all fire alarms.

 

77w Ilt'll /tl'itr‘t'rflll'i’ trill [)I'ttl'fllt‘ Itr'IIt'I' Alt/I'll.

I’lmlu: [Ill/I'll l l.\t’lt\f

 

 ~. r

.“ Firetrucéks Respond  Alarms

by Nancy Gleason

Albany Fire Department (AFD)
firetrucks will now respond to all fire
alarms pulled on the uptown
SUNYA campus. in accordance
with a new policy begun on May 5.
Campus Safety Director Karl Schu‘rl
said that formerly the AH)
responded to campus only when

_caIled in by NXA personnel.

Under the new arrangement.
beginning zit (r200 pm Saturday.
Sclrrti'l said the SUNYA Public
Srilcty l)cptll'llitL‘ttI will immediately
.dispatch police in the scene ill the
alarm in iiiycstigatc the situation.
while at the same tirric the All) will
be itiitilicd to send a lircti‘ttck. ll tltc
\llllttllttlt turns out to be it trilsc
alarm and the lir'clittck has not yet
nri'iycd. Sclirirl said the AH) will be
inlorincd and the truck will return.

lhc current procedure lotf liic

alarms pulled on the uptown

Proposal Favors Student Vote

by Beth Sewer

A proposal that may allow
student representatiycs on the
SUNY Board of lrustccs and the
university or college councils the
right to vote has been raised iii the
New York State legislature.

According to SASU President
Steve Allingcr. the proposal was

introdticcd by scritllttt‘s Warren

Anderson and Kenneth Iavallcand .

Asseiriblymen Walsh and Mark
Sicgel. 'Ihc proposal “should be
mud on by the end ol this month."
suid Allingct'..

Although the New York Strrtc
Senate has control over the
proposal. said Alliugci'. the changes
in the law must be rippioycd by
(ioycrnoi Carey. Prior to his ic-
clcction. ("art-y "promised he would
sign a bill giynig studentslull toting-
tights." .\lltngci srittl.

Student yotiiig power. c.\pl:llllL'll
Allingci‘. will "be cllccltw on the IS

member Brand it] litistccs.

Solar Energy: Future Fuel From

"'I he one c.\liri \otc may tip tltc
balance on critical decisions.
including who‘s going to run the
uniycrsity'. Voting power is
uscltil when trying to persuade
others to tote in your tutor. It helps
if you how a \otc to trade ol’l’."said
Allinger.

He added that the student \olc
“sets it precedent. Perhaps in thc
luiurc another student could sciyc
on the board.“

According to Allingci. students
were not represented on the horrid
tirrtil January. I975. The education
law was changed allowing one
student l'cpl‘L‘SUtllﬂll\C on tltc Hoard
ot 'l riistces and one rcprcscutatiyc
on the uniycisityoi'collcgc councils.

SUNYA rcprcscntatiycs are
elected loi council. while other
Illll\L'l\IllL'\ uppiriiig SA presidents
to \UIH' on councils. "Student
i'cpicsciilritiics hayc lllll
parliamentary rights. bill they can't
said Allingci'.

rilsir

 

cast it \otc.'

SA l’icsidciit l’riu.‘ l'Clllillilll said
tltril studctils' \oting power on the
Board ol trustees rind tlic
Uniycrsity (‘oiincil is "\cry
appiopriritc."but "I don't know how
rncrininglul it will be I” tnukingri real
impact,"

l'clilnrrirt. the student representa-
ti\c on llinyer'sity ('oititcil.lcc|s that
although the student \iilc would not
hate it great cllcct on lormril rictron
"legitimacy is shrouded by the lrict

that the person doesn‘t hayc the mic."

l-eldinnn said that the student
repicscntritryc on the llniycisity
Council is "unlcpcndcntly clcctcd."
and wins by reaping the iirost votes.
llowcycr. l-eldman recommends
that thc election law be changed so
that "the person elected to the
llnitctsity ('rtiincrl need :i Iilty per
cent plus one." or :i "iiiriiriirty. iiiii
inst il pltltlllly '

Ibis proccdtitc. sriid li'lrliiiriii.
"almost ensures in tlw- but innit-st

 

   

Ill sllltlt'lll icpicsviilntirin "

. (‘cllci'y'. the

campus involves University police
investigating the origin of the fire
and .not ‘ 'ng the AH) only in th'e
mom of a real fire. The AFI) has
always responded to fire alarms
from the downtown carttptis.
Scharl said tltc new procedure.
which w' initiated at the request of
the AM). is itii attempt to upgrade
the fire safety program on campus,
According to AI‘I) l.t. ’lhoinns
department was
cuticcrtied about the tinre it takes to
rii'rite at the campus. but lclt that the
new procedure would pioyidc Ior
'gl'cttlci' liic sirlcty.
l‘iL'lIttl’l said. "lbe lust tliiec or
tour minutes til u the are the most
crucial. r\t tlirit poinL the tire is
usually small enough to be put out,
Immediate response limit the All)
to all fire alarms will mean that less
\riliiablc time will be lost." he said.
Scharl added that the new

 

 

procedure is‘ not an attempt-
dcsigned to prevent students from
pulling lalse alarms. He did.
however. .point but that the new

procedure could carry with it a more '

serious criminal penalty for tliose‘
ciiuglit pulling false alarms.
“Signaling it false ulurrii will still
he a Class A misdemeanor." Scharl
said. “llowey ‘. should any
responding ctncrg ncy person or
\chiclc be inyoly‘cd in an accident
resulting in personal injury and or
tlL'tlIlt‘ ol the responding ollicial or
any innocent bystander. additional
lclony charges would be |e\icd and

 

   

‘\'Il.'ttlttllhl_\ prosecuted." he said.

Lt. ('cllci'y said the AH)
anticipates iru rnriioi‘ problems with
buying to respond to all tin-campus
lire ulririns, "Wc'yc always
responded to Alumni Quad lire
alarms and time had no big
ptrtblt‘lth iii the past." (‘cllct'y said.

 

SI SK Iioarrl of 'Irustees iiieinlicr «\Iliitger may get voting power.
“(but i‘\/HI lrtlt‘ [Hill “It lvrr/rrirr r' rI/l r rrIrrrI/ r/r'r iyrri/iy. " /r/,,,,,,. “my "(y/1.].

The Sun

 

by Mary Dali-y
I/iry It I/ir‘ \l'tlllll/ II/ II lltti [tilll
yr'rrr'y. Mr [n y] [lill'l lttl\ [ti'ililr'r/ tIi
It'ti/rli '\ 'lhl'
"lo get lL‘It
country's L'IlL'Illy nccrls llttlll ‘itllill

pciccnt irl tbr

L'ticigy. we're going to lime to work
riwlrilly linid lo get l\\r'tit'. ll\L'
[it'tcctiL \yc'tc polity! lll lt.t\i‘ tr) ttiri\c
iriountrriiirrnd IIIL'k I‘m not \|ltt' this
country's icatly todotltat."s.iid Rl’l
Director or Mcchnriir'rill rigincr'rrirg

l)r. Itcd ling

As \‘tcc l'lt'\ltlL'lll lot Research
and chairman ol the (‘oinnnttcc on

liicigy l'oln‘y III the Airitriicaii
Society of hlccbamciil l rigrrrccis
[ASMI'L I)i, Ling has been
studying the potential ol solar

energy lttl' tbr past liyc years. to
inloitn the public ol its rises,

llis department at Rl’l has done
some innmritiyc research in solar
energy. Rl’l's who research drllers
born that at St W YA‘s Atiriosphei‘ie
Sciences Research Center tASRC)
in llttll R H It'\l'.’ttt.'lIL'ISiIlL' working
on projects that cortld li'.‘ used in
lltltlc'stfillt' production ol heat and
electrical energy. ASRl"s icscriich
lt' solar

 

ccntcis ttlI siiirillci-sc'

collectors thrit pioyrilc heal r'IIIIl hot

MAY 8. 197‘)

water lot Itltll\|tillill buildings such
it\ ’\lllllll|l Ilonsc

.‘\\ lrir prcdu'tirig how llIIlLll can
bc c\pcclcd ill \ttllll r-ncigy in the

nut rlccndc. birth |)i ling .riid
ASIU' rcyi'rrrclici .lriiiiizs lli'nlcy
agree on the sillllt: poi-ii ilic
tlctltllltl'. Iriciiir will lH .r

y'oyctiitriciitrrl and social ttil'llllll-
rucnr

"lhc si-cnrriio Ior
energy." srrid llcrilcy. "is it Hit"
goycriirrictri. both state and lt'(lCIiIl.
pushes it. Society has loilcculr: they
want ll So liII. they bawn't pushed

best yirlrii

llcrilcy said we might cspcct toch
liyc percent ol on: energy needs
lioin sirlrii' sources it the government
doesn't tiitci\cnc.

|)i. ling iigiccs. " l he predictions
liayc been that wccrin c.\pccl maybe
two percent oi our energy lroin the
sun. Only recently. iii the prist lcw
months. has the lrgurc tuinpcd to
lwcnty-liye percent." Ire said, "In

gct that. we'd really hriyc tn chringc'

institutional hriiiicis.‘

” Mic but ttt‘l‘utl't.‘ mainly Iltt' rules
and tcgulritioris in goyciiintcnl
that slow the
said I ing "llcl'oie youcan

bodies process ol

change."

ALBANY STUDENT PR ICSS

l'tlll\|'ll lltllll oil to who \ rrcigy. thy
y'riyctrriiu'iit has ll) \t‘l the standard».
lot |.ripc \tillt' installations "

" l he \llllltlillth rrii- hcriig \\ltllt'll
by lltt' \S\ll  lic
\iillli‘itllt‘ lI£I\ ro pitllt‘t‘ tlrcni "

said. "but

llr' »..riil t|i.it lllt rr- .tli‘ rtlsrr trinity
lIItltlt'll l);||l|l‘i\. \llili as |L"-l\l.tlILt'

’by'rrrl r riltlplllllt's who will ohyrori-Jy

lII' litiit by .i \\\tlt.l| lltllll oil ltr‘-t|l.ll
L'IIL'I}.’\

litti't'lrit til Hl‘Nl/Vs \l l’llUi".
liri'ii!y llllici- .lL‘ll').(ilr‘|I|/liit’k \llltl.
" l he tIIt\L‘IItIIIL‘IIl still has nocncrivy
policy. and has wrirtcd ltltl long to
dcyclop one."

"llirie rtic only three thousand
Stillll'lll'lllCtl lionics iii the United
Start-s." Ire said. "Japan has three
million. and Israel has 250.000."

Ilii' goyci'ninciit has dcyclopcd
\rii lttlh economic iiiccntiycs to push
solar energy. such as tax breaks aitil
grant programs, One ol tltc scl\‘tt.'t.'s
ol tltc NYt'lRU I-ncrgy ()Ilicc is to
iritoiiit consumers on how to take
ailyatilngc ol Ihcsc incentiyes‘.

but the goyci'nntcnt lllt.‘L‘lIll\L‘
programs are intended mainly lot
IIItllylilllrll homes or businesses who
wrrnt to install small—scale solar
collector systems. or to impioyc

Potential Is Being Researched

llIl'il ciu'tpy i'llrcii'trty llrr- \lll.tll
Itgttrt' is not ciirrtrglr to iii.ikc rt
dillcii'iiti' iii llIl‘ totril

pi‘ir'i'tilnytt' pl \‘tu'iy'y piiryiilcil lt\

~ti'nil IL'JI Ill

whit. according to lb. lllll.‘

"llitit lllllllt' ot dh'r ill n:ition.i|
t'lIL'lll} supply t'tillilltl! ltttlll solar
t'tiL'igy iiicltirlcy wtnil. (Itt‘illl
thermal. and hioinrrss tliirrlopu-nl
sources. including woody. soul I mg

"I hate n solar i'iyllcclrri on iriy
lititl lli.il \ltllpllt". 75’} ol my hot
water.” sriirl ling "II cyciyrrnr' tlttl
IlIiIl. wc‘rl linyc two pciri-iit ol orri
ciieigy Irorn \rilttl "

"lint the biggest usci ol energy."
Ire sttltl."i\lttilll‘ilty."llc sriidtlnitrin
industrial energy supply ictpnies
temperatures up to |.ll00 dcgircs l-

iiiticli higher temperatures than
the type rrl collectors tiscrl lt)l’
heating hurries crrn pioytdc.

Researchers ill Rl'l rric wotkirig
on u "Iocusuigcollector" system
which will [)l‘tt\l(lC those hiin
temperatures. according to ling.

The system. which was
demonstrated at the New York State
Energy lixpo at the liinpirc State
Phi/ii in Albany. and at other
locations. tttili/cs ri licld rul mirrors
to locus the sun's rays on a boiler on
a tower. \Villl'l in thebollci‘islterrtcd

to [ll'tttlllu' strain. which can bc ttsr'il
directly tor hurtling or can rtiii ri
lttlliiiu' lll gi'ttt‘t'i‘tlc L‘lctlltclly.

Acmidrng to ling. two research
:rssoi'irrtvs. William Rogers. who
holds the patent on the lncnsing-
ciilli-i-tor system. and Dr, David
lioiinn. lrriyc been working on the
lllli|t'tl llllllt'l giants lroin the U S.
llcpitlllltt‘ltl ol I-nci'gy (Hull and
the \r\\ \ork Strrtc l'nci'gy
Rest-arch ntid Heycloprnciit
t\tllll|lll\lll|llt)ll (NYSI RDA).

llti‘ |oi'tisiirg-collcctoi system was
oiigirirrlly rlcyclopcd on rt small
\L'ttli'. | llll' said. bitt can potentially
bc made as large as needed lll ii

 

coinincrrinl power source. He said
that littl rind .\\'SI'RI)A rirc
ltirirlrniI rr modcl that will soon he
iiistrillcd on lllL' tool rrl llic Rl’l
Scicncc (enter. to pioyidc cithei
litirir or electricity ill! the building.
l)l. l ing \Illtl tlnit the researchers
kept cost III iiitiid when tlcycluping
tlrc S)’\It.‘llt. ()nc ol the problems
associated \\llll this type ol system
has been high installation costs. He
said that they hate kept the initial
installation costs relatively low. and
indications are that the system is
both "cconottticttl and reliable.“
the main deciding factor will be
one or social commitment. said
ling. "'Ihc federal government‘s
Solar lznci'gy Rcscrrtch lnstitutctind
Caliloririri (itt\‘Cl'IlttI' .lciry Brown's
Solar l-‘ncigy Coalition in Congress
want to see that liguic ol twenty-
liyc percent. and they're going. to.
push lot it." he said. "I guess rit
depends on what people want."

PAGE THREE

 

 

 

 

 

 

