 

Aspects

  

“'90 la

 

 

Varied and sundry were the women Ebhad “Forgve him father.“ Flo would plead in
known in his lifetime — Bibiically and Eb's defense. “for he knows not what hL‘ is
otherwise -— yet there was one woman whom doing."
he longe‘i ‘0 know l" "'12 "1051 lmlmale and But their father was adamant itt his disgust
divine manner. To assist Eb in his seemingly and Eb felt a cold darkness pervading his
monistic quest. Flo suggested that he quote vacuous existence.

Passages from the Old Testament. In a little "i guess Dad's mad. huh?" obse -.-cd Eb
place in midtown Manhattan, Eb took his acutely.
sister's advice. but when he mentioned "Mad?" Flo counteicd.
"Genesis" to his prospective lover, she himself."
hought he had said “Genocide”. and began Eb wondered if such a thing was humanly
telling antitSemitic jokes. Eb was smitten. possible. He stared at the floor as his father

"i give UP." he anSWEFEd in lOVQIOI’n continued to browbyat him. mulling over his
resignation. "What was Hitler's second book future.
called?" And the next day. after he had Spent "Let's go to Surrlt's." he said abruptly and to
literally hours in the public library looking for a minute Eb had convinced Flo to accompany
a book entitlEd. How 10 Make Friends and him to Manhattan‘s (‘lllt‘ restaurant. The two
Annihilate People. it dawned on Eb that his dashed out of the house ivavtng their father
little Coquette might've been putting him on. alone with his makeshift pulpit. They were

“Remember Eb." as his wise and Sagacious there in on time at all and um- est armd to a
father was wont to say with his forefinger comfortable booth by a window. As Eb and
pointed to the heavens. “never involve Flo scanned the wine list. stitttt'ilttng caught

"hes bestde

yourself with a woman below your station," Eb's eye. sciidiug ~l1ll11 into something
Accordingly. Flo could never understand resembling an (‘Dlll'pllC fit
what it was Eb was looking for when he "Watch it." Flo rcactcd. "you almost

peered below the train tracks at the depot
crying out. "Anybody there?" When someone
once told Flo that she was generous to .i fault.
Eb somehow couldn't reconcile tlicr oniured
up image of his sister throwing dollar bills into
the Grand Canyon. Such was Eb.

“Never stain your heritage by coliorting
with those inferior to you." lltt’lr father would
warn as he marched about the house to Earlyonemorning.mycolleague Phillipand
Wagner's Right of the Valkyries. “Avoid the I were sitting around the fire and considering
indulgences ofthe weak and shallow at heart. the more elusive mysteries of life. As is our
Do not. above all. dilute the purity of your wont. we were mixing politics. Donne and
race or creed. Eb. with a lewd arid lascwious Serling; Freihofers, Hawaiian and Winterland
tryist involving yourself and any young tart '71. It was. and is always. good fun.

deemed loose or frowsy. Unless you're very Then he asked of what stuff I thought
i very drunk." courage to be made.

Such was their father, Eb vowed to take Now. I've known Phillip for quite some
heed of his advice. time. I know. for example, that he has read
“Bymy faitb,"he asserted.“indiscrt-tions of every Hardy Boys adventure written under
this kind won‘t happen again!" lint as lalL' the pseudonym of Franklyn W.Dixon.lknow
would have it. Eb continued to .iccost and further that he has seen all of Clint
escort homewomenoftheinnst unsavory lot. Eastwood's efforts to date. some two and
only to return the next day rlIL'll‘I and three times in fact. I remember he and I

LegateAmeLiQaLn

 

 

 

dejected. awaiting his father‘s incipient sci irn. watching Billy Kilmer. bloodied and battered.
I“T.he Lord giveth." their fﬂlltt’l Dil‘illilt'tl. hit Roy Jefferson over the middle to beat the
wtth intended equity. "and the Lord chargcth Giants.

interest." And before Billy Kilmer there was Socrates

Friday Observer

The box was the answer to all our
problems. Cable connected us to the great
god HBO. frequency of frequent movrcs
which frequently featured'tough cuss words
and female breasts! For the downstawrs. i!
meant stations from hoinc' lslander games
and the Twilight Zone. Bugs Bunny and the
Odd Couple. To the upsiatcrs. it meant one
thing: TeeVee after I am.

With uncanny speed. the has worn to work
on our personalities. No longer did we talk
about courses. professors. and getting (rt at
doing work. No longer did we talk about inc
landlady, the apartment or the weather
Sports. sex. drugs. alcohol and music
disinterested us.

One evening we quietly sat at the (llllilt‘f
table. impatiently. the food was transported
by fork from our plates to our mouths. ’Iiw
chewing was incessant. We nervously cycd
each other as the silence prevailed.

“What's on cable tonight?" Bob brokr' in
He had made the first move. John. Matt
and l placed out forks on the table. My t'yes
first met John's. than Matt's. Both grnu' lilt’
the same anguished look I had gnyn thctn
Finally. I took Bob to task.

As if drawn by some iinkown force. we rose
from our seats and marchcd into the livtiig
room. The dishes remained on the table We
hadn't washed dishes SinL‘L’ the box had
arrived.

As we reached Ihc living room. Matt turned
on the television. and Bob began to caress the
box. John and l partook in intoxtcairng
substances

“What shall we watc i? What shall wt-
watch?" Bob repeated as by mark- th.‘ imagt-s
quickly change on the scrocn by happily
pushing the buttons.

"How about a good old movie?" i \.II(l

"It's gotta by funny." .lohu added

"But I like rlLlltlll and violence." Bob said

“I want Star Tick." Matt intervened.

Bob then prim bed the buttons in search til
.1 good old tunrn violent IIHH‘IL‘ with .i cast of
\‘ulcans anti Klingons. it wasn't to bc toriud
Iti his dial flipping lir'iwt'vt'i. we yaclt Itiutiti
something we liked «in (lllft’t’t'lil stations

"Borne. man. A Rogrc Hit it ic’" l said. a sonic
on my face With a push of a button. Ikili
wtpt'tl tliv sinilr' off Ink littt' "You stir k" l
in tiltllilt'tl
" " Now itlilll was 'wl.iil|l‘t§l "M’:‘t'$'ll“ Mt"
Idurino. Iproudly said. lrntitilt' ~.Irou‘ [raw ‘.l on'” Hair W 1
Bob smiled. My answer. Ihtiitgli. l Ilititiglit inun- lkr'Ll in ill‘r priucr met u» l M In“
to be bones: and intelligent, was not good "I ran i
enough. Bob had gainvrl .i D‘s\,’L'l](tltt§1tC.\l
advantage. An evrl gleam (’Itirtnrllt’fi from his
C

irit'itrttl your r-itirititina'" firth
shoutr-d "I haw lili‘ box' i am llll’ttllilllptlit’fli
ony'” l'ii' wa\‘r'd lltt' l‘t)\ up and down \ch
couldn't make a move against lutu. l‘t‘t .nrsr'
he would suddenly ill-IIIIIL' .i tiliiltlll’l and
Ciiplttti' our attention

“Joy! YHII will lMVI' itiyl" hr' said as tiut

ye.

“There's a good movw I want to we." be
confidently announced.
We were Simply no match for l‘xib's
lightening quick mind,
"Oh", John rcbiittcd valiantly. However.
his effort was too ittlt‘ Bob would be iti charge

in teen showctl its thc i'opt- being sitlitt ltr 'iw
young people at Madison Square (‘ttlltlt'll
"Man. ain't that sotnr-tliiii'." l mini

 

of the box tonight

 

"l‘nouiili toy! You Will non- ha" - angt'i and

h “And my ti-lr-tiwii

 

Stolen Kisses, Whispered Secrets

knocked over your fingerbowl."

But such matters seemed positively
mundane at this point for Eb liad spotted The
Woman The woman he longed to know iii the
most Intimate attd most divtne manner m
Jacqueline Bouvier Onassis. Flo turned
around and sure enough. there sat only a few
tables away. the woman we all remembered
seeing in a matching pink dress and pillbox
hat. only now she was quietly sipping a
drambuie instead of clutching a bouquet of
wilted ﬂowers.

“Hiya. Jackie!" Eb yelled. causrng Flo to
cover her face which was as red as the mailre
‘d's cummerbund.

“I think she digs me." (for I(li‘(i lib as he
continued to wave his arms frantically .lackit-
smiled back and Eb wondered if he had
changed hisunderwear that morning.

“l'm gonna go over there and talk to her."
he resolved.

"What could you two possrbly talk about)"
Flo asked,

“Oh. you know. the usual. What's your
name? What do you do? Art' you .i

washing down his principles with hemlock.
Phillip and lstood beside Hamlet in freshman
English wrestling with vengeance and honor.
glory and righteousness. And we stood
mouths agape. as Rhett put it to Scarlett and
booked.

Still. we could only be characterized as
casual observers of courage. We were not
sure what to make of it - if it was indeed real.
Did it show itself in the banal. everyday
existence most of us are forced to lead?

Upon inspection Webster offered. simply,
"fearlessness." We wanted more. So we
inventoried:

Superman. we concluded. was definitely
not a man of courage. True. he adjusted to
living in a strange and terrible world and had a
remarkably well-developed sense of style.
However. when one can ﬂy and deflect bullets

Mammoth

 

The World, The table And The Box

disgust!"

The picture clicked to HBO. which showed
.i particularly gory scene from Midnight
f{\pir-ss, John and | rccoilrtcl in horror Man.
who had scotii'vd the newspapers iii an
unsuccessful .ittcmpt at finding Stat Trclt.
lookc-d tip All night he had boon mumbling
things like “Good God Spock. have you no
t‘mOIIOII." and. "He's dead. Jim."

Now hr! said. "This sccntt is fascinating.".
Rob mil hack .iitd sinilt'd .is John and l tlilt c
again \Hllﬂlll
substances

rclugtt in Ililt)\‘lt'.lltlifi
Rob thcn tired of the moytt- and Ilippcd thy
\ltlltltll rincy again "Ht'y. lwanti-rl to suit lllt'
I\'\I of that.” Mail piotcsti'd Sputt‘ctl by
Matt's t outage and out imbibing. John and l
Ioiiicri Ill
‘ "Stop toying nith its." John said "\\'i' arc
llt‘t’ itirlnidttah You should iilIl control us "
“(Litttlttllltliillﬂ l yr'llrit‘i "I‘m on thr' Porn-l"
"blot Tir'k'“ Matt K't’llt'Ll
"M’A‘S‘l i" .lolin kt‘llt'tl
"iirrrpv'" l k‘t'llt'tl
limb ltucattir' r iitiirrsvrl .iritl
piislicd buttons in .iii iIllt‘lllDI
tir-wn

frantically
to calm its

lt tiitltit itiiik As Matt ‘tlt'illlli'll

wittytliiirg about so

long our pit .w
. . l“ UH .
I a”! Hm “I slittt.

> on rlrair and lurtgr'd lttt iioli's
rink llt- liltili‘t lt'tl inni-a'll l ‘
box iii front of his taci'
liit fIIIt' of tin buttons

it. sticking lltt'
:\r cidi'ntally. nrylianrl

Surldi'itlx. all .u tn'ity strippr

-i‘l (liii iitiiiitl
tr.
Iiitt‘lll’fl and out

1 1 totiguits hung out tint

it a.- l‘l i’yys saw on the t'tiipty ‘\ own We a ll

titi'suir'ri/ud ir'ilit . I
r y ltatl l‘\’\'|\ t.l -

m’ ion from

lbr- box lurikr'tl at

“ Ilit'st' trirti
seniors and Inuitfu-d

rollciic

Vang t)rinrrtiriiiri.intriio'

flit.

Republican or a Democrat" l i .. d “.1. h“
about her sister. Lee Harvey li.itl."'.'.tll " I

“i don't think you should
cautioned Flo.

But Eb intended to travel in littll'i's'im' tre V
cruised over and (locked liitt a i -..., I“
Jackie and a beefy guy thotii \Ii I'l‘tililtt»(j.
as Peter frotn the f)(llf|. Nut. . I- .. I... H
The one woman whom his tam.» .
disapprove of. Shit was giar w:-
Poised and delicate 'I‘hiswonia:  W.
world and the world had titilt. u . - m. H. . 
presence was nothing less that. -
opened her mouth to speak

   

 

’rli that".
I

titiltlii't v

I
I

     

"Hey. man. want some IIIt ttt~-. i. . '
pit-my."

Eb was stunned at her i but. i ' i, . .
"Yeah. the last time we wwr.‘  i.
sucked. Tlit: fondue waswatcit. " . -.
was unrierdonu. Shit City,  v .

mean?"

"Jackie." Peter said. “whyrli ii.‘ u  ..
lt‘It’IlCl a drink?"

"l'icy. good idea. man. IIIIi I-.;i r .1
The two slapped palms. .Iackiv 't
and \t’lrilt'l‘ll’Cl her slomarli \‘t.
lib

"What "i ha say your Iliitttt‘ w -~ ~ 

"lib." lIt’ answered. "my lliIIIIi - ' t

SJBJLLQSIBI

 

   

Courage And The 10th Century Han

off his chest. not much is left to r lIrIlit t'
FDR. on the other hand. was IIIIlt’t‘fl a
courageous figure. He outplan srrrlii
heavies as the Supreme Court, big l'iiwllit’ss‘
and polio. More important, he tiditi'lt'tf Itr lliS‘
principles and his sense of dirt-iiiori, his
enthusiasm carried an entire nation tirinriglra‘
period of financial and moral crisis |
Another president with memorawa initials,
JFK. is often misinterpreted as a courageous
leader. While it is true that he was a war hero.
wrote a book called Profile In (‘ornaitrr anti.
may have had sex with Marilyn Martina, Iic
engineered a few dubious OIX'riIlItIII- .-.~ .tr'll.
including the Bay of Pigs debaclu .inrl \lict
Nam. Note: his handling of thc Iliisﬂlt lilal;
should not be mistaken for tittyllditit but .i
rockheaded display of macho \L'illt ll brought
the world to the brink of obliteration
Which pornts out an important lilalilil ttutt
between courage and sheer striptdrtt. t\
bullheaded winner does not a lii'llt twikc
Courage requires a SellSIll\'ll_\. to
certain stibtleness that grandsiarrtiir 1 .r. ks
It is safe to say then. that tt‘Iil III is
altogether independent of winning i it 't i- 'iit II
is lIkt‘WlSL‘ not contingent on lit'tlt 'ut if
that wcrc to be trucI then lilt‘l'i' \-.i  ‘ "
«outage at all in the world. Ill>l a» - t- H t~‘
than: are no heroes. \Vt' linivr' lit‘lt' -' ‘t t "'t‘
lltl\'t‘ll$l5 and tlic scri'i'nwiitch -r ‘
b't’i’p courage to titti‘svhcs it 'w "
vxtertial \t'riftcatton. no popii'. :i i 1
Rather. its origin lics iii tliw lit-.n t'
self.

 

 

 

 

 

 

What ryntatns is ll‘l’ far I that. ‘
can certainly makc a llt'lfl out oI t.o.. 't'tttit‘ .
tan tnakt' you ll«r r  
nicasui'ytl in terms of curls. II until... »«

ctnir‘agtttiti»

Yet most of us who haw grown in ‘ ir-t‘
shackles of TV know that lllt’ own ‘I ‘- "’1:
\il ttii'tt's. sonic losses and .i  t. t
amount of "on decisions " ’lltr' ‘n r‘ 
thr-n. is a synthcttt label
Courage. on thy uthor ltaiiti

murmur of nit-ans. ll lll\ftl\t’\ t'ti

oni- makes l‘t‘ltllt' action. in _ .t~ 1‘-

l‘t'. lllrll firm. Km: to lllitli‘t~l_tlit"

nittfl at ‘
H1lltt|tlit".lll(l It.'5llll\illt' .ll

courage is rl\l\lti|‘.\:t

 

and for lllt' alrlliallt'lrttis it: '..i
tliritiiin'lvr's with it I‘» IlIt‘ iIaI'
tttaltr-s all the tllllt'II‘In r‘

'I‘hr' icficshiiig corollary to .v
tr'.ili.'.ittriir that Il IN pusstttlr ' t'
have llllt‘ couiartc III tin-

 

titityrttstt i\'t\ti\\ your out. .
toltow it and Ir-r llit’ rltllt ~. 
l’yfltitgtII-is hllﬂﬂt'ﬁit’tl. “Itirln 
caii't taluI a toky." Thur. tit'rll i
touchstone tit couragtl
Ultimately ll boilr'd tlllu'll Ilt liii“
standing Ill] my putt li. u..it- tit
lit'l‘JInan slowly walk .|\k'.t\.'(lti‘.‘.i‘. \\  ”
.‘\\'t‘llllt' \Vt' brith l\ilt'\\ \iliat Ira .' '1' ‘

 

 

 

 

llt‘ .li‘r'wa «.Iiiit .r bourbon

 

Page 50

    

 

 

Feature

 

We came oft the Great War ready to take on
the world. We had it all. We were the best.
American know~how prmad an inspiration to
the rest of the world With our industry. our
superior skills. and our compassionate
humanity we made the world safe for
democracy Oh. there were a few dissentr'is‘
frotn this view. the expatrints who became
disrllusirined with American ideals of Glory in
‘.\’WI. a particularly undignifii'd war in their
estcrtni Brit they were a minority and not a
great influence on the rest of us who didn't
look beyond the outward shows of Linen-
rroachablu conquest. No. we had reopened
the frontier by being bullish on Ann-rica and.
by iingo, we were going to keep it open.

\Vi' were in the tttoney Americans saw and
believed the images they created - manifested
In movies. theater. music. popular literature.
and most of all. iii the way we bought stocks -
putting money behind their faith Iti Atttt’tttdlt
business.

Whe (rash 0

course. there was one problem » in order to
get the worth of the stock In cash it was
necessary to sell it at its greatly inflated price.

in the late summer and early autumn of
102‘) American investors began to find trouble
finding buyers for their stocks. They had
millions. btit it was all worthless unless so-
meone bought their highpricecl stOCks. On
September 5. the market slowly began to des-
cend front Its zenith. By October 18. the
market was in a near spiral downward. As the
days passed buyers for those inflated stocks
became scarcer On October 24 nobody
bought any stocks. The New York banks were
able to step in and prevent immediate disaster
by covering some of the stocks (which later
boosted the worth of the Rockefellers.
Melloiis. etc.) But oti October 2‘). Black
Tuesday. lbxllfltlllti shares of stock were
ptit tip for sale and no one bought any of
them. The New York Stock Exchange went
absolutely insane. Life savings were wiped

 

Elisa Gallaro and
Stuart Matranga

 

"The business of America is business." said
Calvin Coolidge In the early twenties And our
culture reflected this, Our favorite stories were
thtt ragstu-ticlies serials. so familiar and yet so
loved. Tllt'y professud that anyuny could
"malty-it". if the streets weren't paved in gold
they were glazed with glitter and tin! shine
luintnated our lives with possibilities. We mov-
yd fast then. the Charleston. Ragtime ltonky
tonk. Keystone Kops. The key to happiness
was never stop moving. keep your sunnyside
up. every cloud has a silver lining. and this
way. through vigor and stubborn tin-
latigueability. America would be perpetually
number one.
Those expatrlots. Hemingway and Fit-
zgerald sharing a bottle of port at Gertrude
Stein's place. tried to warn us. They tried to
get us to see that something somewhere inside
the system was wrong. They wrote books
about people who acted on inertia. and about
the spiritual maladies which infected as as a
nation. But we had not time to listen. In an In-
terview with The World in April of I927. F.
Scott Fitzgerald explained why the American
had no moral code and was therefore weak.
"The American." he said. “has never had
time ~ and I mean time. the kind of inspired
hush that people make for themselves in
which to want or to be or to do on the scale
and with all the arrogant assumptions with
which great races make great dreams. There
has never been an American tragedy. There
have only been great failures.

 

The stock tnarkei
of the 1920's was active as never before.
Business was expanding and the number of In-
vestors was Increasing. Large corporations of-
fered stock to their employees. Introducing the
"little people" to the market. With the
emergence of the Investment company or
mutual fund. small Investors could pool their
money and buy shares In many companies.
minimizing their losses If stocks for one com-
pany should drop. It was also possible for big
and little Investors to "pyramid" or to buy
stocks on borrowed money or on monies that
they had yet to see realized. Many people did
this owning issues of stocks without actually
having the money available to back It up.

This system had inherent and inevitable
problems. but in the whirl of American Op-
timism they were either overlooked or benign-
ly neglected.

After Hoover won the 1928 election the
stock market soared into incredible heights.
On Novvmbor 1b. a record of 6b million
shares were traded. On the next clay. The
World captured the enthusiasm of brokers
when it printed that “Wall Street might have
started off yesterday's performance in the
stock market by quoting Al .inlson's famous
line. ‘You ain't SL'l’Il iiotliin' yet."'.

The inatkttt cliinbrtd over the winter and in-
to the siiiiunvr of 192‘) in early 1928. RCA
was selling stock at $85 a sham. In September
of 102‘) that same stuck sold for $505 a share.
The triatka looked liltt' godsend. Everyone
cottkl get rich so easily all you'd have to do is
biiy stock arid Its value was guaranteed to Iri-

plu or quadruple iii a matter of months. Of

 

 

arket in Panic as Stockt
dreDumped in 12,894,61
Share Day; Bankers Hal
5%.: “W 1-?- _M°'w 4m 

am
b-ur— -. i.
.imaamw

     

   
   
      
        
    
   

tut-u llll
mruumt t

in warm out
it untrue-r IMID

 

 

[I

.—

TIT
tiilill

 

It

     
 

III
I'll

_,_.
it
|l
'i
i

 

   
  
 
 
   
 
  
   

i!
n
I

 

H
"L ..

   

I"
fill
Ill

‘BliSlllfSS IS SAILW llll [Xi‘illill‘u‘i
 iSSilll. fill? lllElll HEM

mm hum...— In- t. m. — ounl. M I."
am "- l- «a I.

It
I!

 

ii-

i
'i

    
 
 

Ii

  

i

III
II‘

   

if
.i

 

t

         

 

out. whole indu‘ .-s Went bankrupt becausu
all these people and companies invested all
their worth in the stocks which were now
worth less titan they originally bought them
for. if they were worth anything at all. The Ex-
change had tn be kept closed the rest of the
week just to clean up the mess left by turn
ticket tape. crumpled issues of stock. and
perhaps a suicide note or two. The end had
arrived.

We had deluded ourselves up to the Very
end. professing as many times as It might take
to believe it that the American economy was
“sound”. But it wasn't and when the end
came it revealed the fundamental unsound~
ness of the American way of life. Not a great
percentage of the population invested in
stocks. but American confidence was based on
her industry. and If the Crash crushed
anything it wasn‘t the fortunes of the Market's
investors as much as it was the faith of the
American people In their country. We had lost
our Innocence long ago, perhaps in France
during WWI, perhaps longer ago. What we
lost on October 29. 192‘) was the Indulgence
of Ignoring our loss of innocence. We were
stopped In the tracks of otir frantic pace and
were forced to see reality. coldly and starkly.

 

At the Good Samarltin~Lutheran Home on
Madison Avenue an old lady sits on the edge
of her bed and remembers 50 years ago.

“I worked at the ---- ~~ Stock Exchange on
State Street in Albany. l was the only girl In the
office and I did everything. took orders.
answered phones." On the afternoon of the
29th. she recalled staring iii shock as the tape
came off the wire and reading the quotations
denote the economic collapse of the country.
"We didn't know what was what." she said
raising lwr bonds. "i worked till three a.nt. We
worked and workurl and worked." People
kept coming Into the Exchange. Dazed faces
staring blankly at her as site repeated again
that they had no money. "A young man came
In holding his baby In his arms. He pyramitled.
He lost everything. He couldn't cover his
stocks. He didn't have a lot of money. But
what's a lot of money? Twenty dollars is a lot If
you don't have any."

People who didn't own stocks wEr—EL'I

    

directly threatened by the Crash. but the
Crash introduced chaos into the system and
some tried hard Io maintain lllL‘lt lives with
order But fear was inescapable

“l was afraid of losing things." said one lady
whose husband owned a prosperous
di‘iigstoiy llci room was lrrll of thy past. ()ltl
illl’ttillllt', cigait-ttt- burns old photographs
staring back across lttiit- "You didn't change
the way you lthl." \llt’ said

Matty lost lltt’ll robs as brisIni-“cs wciil
lllltll‘l Tlu- lucky ones likv Mary Zt'lkc. who
woikvtl iii llll' circulation dcpaitnicnl for Ilit.I
liiiit‘lti-ibrickr'r News lt)l 47
Il'ltll'llll‘l'l't'll that tiny "bail to ll'rllll to live a lit
llc clu'apyi " llt’l salary was cut from $197 a
mock to $25 Wliat slit' I‘i-nit'nibt't’s most from
lliaI \vyt-k was Iln- constant clanging of the
plumes tti Illl' lu-cIit' tic-\vsiotrni They were
f'oodurl with calls front aiixuius investors
clwckitig llh‘ latest stock quotation She didn‘t
invest Slut said that IlL‘lllIt'l’ the Crash or the
Depression rifft't'tctl lir't lUlI lIHIClI "The Lord

 

VL’IlIS.

 

 

 

 

 

takes care of everyone iii his own way." she
said with a smile of unshakeablc faith.

Frederic Ackcrnian. 74. mostly blind. gent-
ly swayed in a swinging bench in a grassy plot
off the parking field of the Home. The birds
and squirrels around him basked In an un-
naturally warm autumn afternoon. “it was likt.I
a silent war." he said exlaining the causes and
results of the Crash. His words came out slow-
ly. carefully. “A certain group of people
dumped stock on the market causing it to drop
in volume. I read this In Fortune magazine.
The Mellon family in Pennsylvania. for exam-
ple. before the Crash were worth about a
billion dollars. which if you ask me Is a lot of
money anytime. After the Crash they were
worth six billion dollars."

Willi deliberate clarity he went on explain-
trig how the wealthiest families were the only
ones not really hurt In the Crash. and who
could afford to wait out the stocks as their
price nosediverl. and then come in to buy
them up for a fraction of their prevcrash worth.
it's happened before. be said. The rich control
the money and the market. When they want

to Increase their family worth they buy up
stocks to jack up the prices until the market
breaks and plummets. he argued. ’

“l was in Detroit In 1929," he continued. “A
traffic judge I knew warned me that the Crash
was about to happen. ‘Put your money In
Canadian banks,‘ he told me. And before the
Crash came, large sums of American currency
went otrt of the country and into banks In
Switzerland. Canada and England.

"I was a young man. married. I lost
everything. My father was one of the directors
of the bank i had money In. He lost
everything. He had to keep backing up his
losses until he had nothing left. Banks didn't
want property. They couldn't sell property
they foreclosed on. or they sold It for much
less its worth. They wanted money and there
wasn't any. They took a loss."

“I lost my job as an electrical engineer. The
firm went down. i look anything I could get:
mowed lawns. pitched hay. Two pounds of
hamburgers cost 25 cents. and a loaf of bread.
a nickel. But I didn‘t have a nickel to buy bread
willi."

“I was Iii an Add) store when a man
walked in. He went to the manager and said
he needed a loaf of broad, and he'd do
anything for it. airy job: iriop up. unpack. He
said. ‘l'll do anything It)! it "The nianagyr inst
ktth saying no. So lltt.’ man took the bread
and ran off. The inanagci looked at inr- uni
said. ‘1 don't blame liirti l'tl do lllt' ‘utllti'
thing 

"'l'lu- lit'pivssion was :rt‘llItIlN l'ctiple wi'rr'
gi'tliiig hungry and iii-spctaty. You can‘t do

 

that willi ilw American people, tnayltv In
some lott-igir country. but not here. You'd
have gangs in llh' sltvels. or it would be
something like the Civil War. It was an
L‘t'UtltttlIlt‘ situation. People were hungry. We
had plenty to i-al. we just didn‘t have the
wltyi't'wlllirtl lit gtyl iii if."

The solution to the i-tonomic situation

 

caittt' willi lllt' l'll't‘lltlll til Franklin Roosevelt in
I‘IJIB i‘irv-ailtttil lititlfsl’Vt’ll. a democrat. had of

democratic senate to work with cooperatively.
unlike his liartiprcsst'rl predecessor republican
l’ierbert l’loinIc-r. who bore the brunt of much
of the blame for the Crash. but who. iii fact.
inherited much of the situation front Calvin
Coolidge arid others. Hoover was unable to

remubtlizu the defeated American spirit as

Roosevelt did. finicrgency laws were passed

immediately. We went tiff the gold standard.

Most encouraging to the people. the WP A.

was formed to provide jobs for men and

women. Mostly the work was on road gangs.

This was unskilled work anyone could do.

“You could give a man a pick and a shovel

anti it didn't matter if he was a C.P.A. or what.

he'd know what to do." said Mr. Ackerman.

Large scale projects such as the Mttskege

Valley Project of dam building along the Ohio
River. and the Hoover Dam employed

thousands. The thirties saw an explosion of
bridges. dams. tunnels and roads built through

these newly created jobs. "It destroys the

scenic phase of the country." said Mr Acker-

man. "but it was necessary."

By 1930 the country was coming out of the
Depression.

Perhaps the greatest achievement of the
American people was not In the Idle boasts of
Iniperialistic jingolsm in the 1920's. but that we
survived the turmoil and chaos of the Crash of
'29. We realized our weaknesses. painfully.
and we did not surrender to them. We
asserted otrr confidence not iii our acquisitions
or commerce. but in each other. There was a
lot of hatred during the Depression. and a lot
of bloody and bitter lights but the fact that we
were able to get through it when other nations
weren't. And that we went frotii seeing
ourselves as savioui‘s of the world to
breadlines and yet still retained a basic faith in
the United States (later clue to WWII) Is a testa-
ment to Americans at their best. Though we
never again could achieve the Illusion of iri-
nocence. and the unperturbable confidence
that that Inspired. we did do the harder thing
Instead. we learnt to deal with realities. until
we got lazy again lit the fifties.

As Mr. Ackernian said. “the Depression was
very real. very frightening. but it never got that
bad. And we got out of It In time. If it had got~
ten that bad the American people would never
have stood for It. -

1

 

 

 

 

 

 

