V....{.

In
Opposition ToSALT ll

 

by Steven Sehaei‘fer

On June 18. 1979. President Carter anti
President Brezhnev signed the SA LT ii treaty
in Vienna. On June 22. tlte treaty was sent to
the Senate for advice and consent to ratiﬁca-
tion.

SALT ii in its present fornt is unacceptable

and should be defeated by the Senate so it
can be renegotiated more equitably. As
Senator Henry M. Jackson (D-Wash.) states:
the treaty is “inequitable, allowing Moscow
significant military advantages; and it is
politically dangerous. signaling U.S. ap—
peasement and distracting Americans froiti
the Soviet strength." A itiore forceful U.S.
opposition to Soviet foreign policy is
necessary. Jackson said tltc treaty is one rtrore
item of gratuitous cottcessioit tirade to
Moscow by an adrnirtistration that was too
eager to maintain the appearance of a
U.S.—Soviet accord. "in tire areas of trade
and tecltttology. tlie right to emigrate. and
strategic artns, the signs of appeasettiettt are
all too evident.” Siitce SALT l. Moscow has
undertaken a vast buildin of its strategic
arsenal and ltas developed significaitt
numerical superiority in conventional arms.
“And all of this is taking place in a tttisty at-
mosphere of antiahility arid good fellowship
urtdcr a policy of detettte. This is appease-
ment." said Jackson.

“Tire real danger ahead is the Kremliu‘s
political use of strategic superiority as an urn—
brelia under which to pursue a series of pro-
bus to expand Soviet power arid weaken the
position of the United States . .. Can we
bargain confidently and stubbornly. can we
stand up to Soviet blackmail, cart we hold
our ground iii a crisis situatlort from a posi-

tion of relative military weakness?" asks
Jackson. A case irt point was when President
Carter backed down from his origittai stance
on the issue of the Russian combat troops irt
Cuba. initially, Carter announced that the
status quo of Russian troops itt Cuba was
unacceptable to the United States. lit the
speech Carter delivered October 2. i979. it
became clear that the troops would remain in
Cuba, with Moscow insisting that they ran a
“training center” and nothing more. The on—
iy concession that Carter got frottt Moscow
was Moscow's assurance that it would not
change the existing character of tire force.

The effect of the force. The effect of this
commitment was less than cleaneut since the
Russians insisted that the unit was ntcrely a
training force.
This leads to tltrce poitits wiry the treaty
should be defeated before we even discuss tlie
rtterits of the treaty. Firstly. Mosco ' ap-
parently itas gone to great lengths to conceal
the fact that their military establishment itt
Cuba was organized, equipped. attd trained
to pcrforiti Combat missions. This
ernonstrated the Russians' fundamental liil'
trustworthiness and violated a basic premise

 

 
 
  
  
   

Q
of the SALT negotiations. namely. that botlt
superpowers would be more secure if each
kttew what the other was tip to militarily:
Secondly, the Soviet brigade had been
operating at least sittcc the itiid-l970s, even
though President Ford insisted there had
been no Soviet cotnbal tinit irt Cuba through
1976. This called into question the quality of
U.S. intelligence. if it could not detect a
Soviet tittit 90 ttiilcs from Key West. Fla.,
ltow could the US intelligence detcet
relatively subtle ittiprovcitteiits in Soviet

 

Student Accounts:
* !$! % You

To the Editor: ' _

in these bleak days of pic-registration.
many poor souls endure long, tortuous lines
in the almighty qitest for RCO'iOO titid l’i-ll
2i0. There are undoubtedly hundreds of
complaints concerning the various holds oti
stitdettt records. However, i must clearly
describe the horrifying episode that i suffered
at the hands of the infamous office of Stit-
dent Accounts:

i was scheduled to pre-register on the
day for juniors. Tuesday November (ttlt. at
noon. larmed myself with ’ilt’lOlis relertscs of
previous holds and began my trek to Colonial
Quad. Upon arriving at rtoort, there naturally
was a very long litre to get into the prc<
registration area. After waiting a good 20
minutes. i finally made it to the registration
permit area. i naturally expected some sort of
a hold and so. I began to ptiil out all ttty

ilSl

 

release forms and other evidence. To my
disrtriry, l was prorttptly ittforrttcti that the
present ltoid on nty account involved signing
an NDSI. promissory rtote. something that i
liilll dortc back lit September. Of course.
had no evidence for that. l was infuriated but
i managed to reittaitt calm and i made my
way to tire office of Student Accotirtls.

i expected a grizzly sigltt upon entering
through the heavy glass doors. There were
about 30 people waiting on line to see the two
besieged Student Accounts' representatives.
You would think that the University had tltc
common sense to pttt a few tttore people at
the counter during pic-registration. Of
course. that‘s unheard of! Does the Director
of Strident Accounts. Robert J. Aequiuo,
ever with on those lines'.’ Do Kathleen
Wakemuu, [Edmund .l. Zeiwcn, Kristina
Grabowski or .lulio l)i(iuilio (Student Ac—
counts iiureaucratsl ever with on those litres?
No! Of course not. We. the students, are a
pain itt tlt ' ass. We sltoiild stiffer! We always
do. at least at the hands of Students Ac-
counts. That's one way that the University
gets us. There are countless others, but none
as despicable as Students Accounts.

i vaited about an liotir and fifteen mintttcs
before i tirade it to the counter. l explained
my probicrtt, and just as i expected, the pro-
tnissary note had alr'ady been signed by me.
A certain Mrs. DiGuilio expressed her
sincerest apologies. My anger and disgust was
great but i remained cairn. That apology was
certainly not enough. i forgive iii some cases.
biit i will never forget Student Accounts.
They deserve to be described with the most
profound obseeitities. The sheer irrespon-
.YIIII/II)’ arid disorganization of that depart-

 

t'oitlr'nm't/ on [mgr-ﬁfteen

ittcrtt would merit such a description. i can-

 

not resist any longer. Student Accounts, ti
YOU!

1 made my way back to Colonial anti
discussed my plight with a certain woman at
the tables. She was very understanding. and t
was glad that someone else recognized by
problem with Student Accounts. luckily. 'I
got all my courses but who knows itow inn.“
people got closed out of a cotirse becnust oi
the lrllucy of Student Accounts? it was about
3 pm. when i finally left Colonial Ulliitl'\
U-i.ounge. i went to a professor (\tltose clttss
i had missed because of my esperience) and
explained wltat had happened. iic cvprcswd
his deepest sympathy and cscused rue tor
having missed class. l‘nt hoping that sltttlcttts
will continue to speak otit against lllls
bureaucratic bumbling. Tltcrc has got to in: .r
better way.

—— l-ted Alrhcrrr

CAT-astrophic
Expeﬁence

To the Editor:

Hello. l‘m Milo dc Chattc. l'itt really .t in
ten, but i try to let people think lam oltit-r by
telling them that i ant a cat. l'itt only tinct-
itiorttlts old, htit after nty recent CXIiL‘ilUilsk'sl
l ltave acquired an enormous amount ot
maturity.

i‘m writing about a simple issue that ll'.lll\
concerns tire and other cuts like me. ltio not
like the fact that sortie people titirtk that iltt‘\
cart get away with keeping pets in tire tlotttt
Sure, it's okay for the goldfish; they‘re under
water and don't care one way or another. lint
tttc, i would like to run arotttid outside. out It
itiicc and birds, and he a wcliiadjustcd li'lllll'
instead. the life i lead is one of lillH‘l‘..
loneliness, and gcitcral claustropliohia. :\ll i
do all day is sit itttder a table and look .u the
four walls. Also. i live in constant tear that
the dorrtt director or air RA will tlisctnct the
existence of art illegal pct ititd i will be given
to another suite in a different dorm. j1i\L'|i .i
more terrible treatment.

My owners aren't so terribly nice cttlu't
Their idea of househreakittg a pet is to spilr
my drinking water with Southern ('ornlorr
anti watch me get drttrtk. (i still don't
remember what i did a couple of nights tit-o.
biit someone said that i looked quite tttttttsitu'
passed out in front of my iitterbox. Ha, ha.
very funny .. .) Another disturbing thin,“

that they do is smoke pot and for attollu't
cheap thrill they blow the smoke up my nose
and i get high. Then they laugh and \Jl\.
“Look at the cat citasing his tail! He‘s rcriilt
fucked up!" is it my fault? l’itt no i’uritnu.
but i do like to ltavc some say irt tliesc tnrrt
ters. l'm too young to understand all of this.
and why someone would want to treat rui-
iike this is beyond me.

 

wE cor
Misﬁt/ES
\

FEiFFE-R

 

  

 

we are HOLEE»
T0 was THE 8
MISSILES. /

   

  
  
 
  
 
 

  

t 5
legit? sq
RUSS/Mb

4/52 on)
LUHiCH $L€S

alliiCH HA6 FEwEE'

 

 

 

 

 

 

    

 

 

idon’t know what my life will turn otit to
be. Will i eventually escape, only to be hit by
a car in my quest for freedom? Will i be
discovered. and sent to tity death? Will i be
sent to another. decent faintly and given a
proper second chance?

i don't know, but i do know that it is riot
fair to tire and other illegal pets. to be
sentenced to art ittdefiititc tittte of sadistic life
imprisonment.

—— iicth (ioldstcitt.
On behalf of
Milo de (‘itatte

Disco Rat

To the Editor:

Why are the Rat bartenders tittder the int-
pr'cssion that SUNYA sttidettts like disco'.’
When i am iii the Rat, i personally do not
wattt to hear disco. Tlterc are fotir very good
radio stations iii the area. itarttely WRl’l.
WQiJK. WMHT. and even our own \\’Cl)li;
all presenting interesting and varied musical
programs. The bartenders automatically go
to Wi7l.Y wltenever' the Rat is tttore than half
full. late afternoons. and weekends. not-
witltstanding wltut i believe to he the
prevalent taste of rtiost people who like to
hang out in the Rat. is this true? Make yoiit
preference known!

— i.ee Howard

A Plea For Respect

To the litlltor:

For the sake of clarity. let the first say i

have rtotitiiig against men who prefer males
as sexual partners. At the saute time. i take
offense to tltose gay itiaies who ltave made
tltc men's rest rootit outside of the CUE and
EOi’ complex a social hangout for their sex-
ual releases.
. At any given time. one can smell the sccttt
of semen. overltcar “lovers” iii the saute stall
and be solicited by art el'fcminale male
pretettdiiig to be urinating. At best. the situa-
tiott is sensitive enough to be explosive. Coti-
tittucd harassment will probably lead to
physical retaliation by a heterosexual arid
tnaybc then the problem will be resolved.

Urttil such males ieartt to respect the
privacy of others, the homosexual‘s image
will always be one of perverted sickness.

— Abdttl Jarvis

Vigil Vindication

To the litlittir:

This is lit response to S. Marino‘s letter to
the etiitor in the November 7 isstte of the
ASP. mid to anyone who shares her views on
the issue. i found lter letter so cluttered with
garbtige and ignorance that it simply needs to
b ' answered. for everyone's sake. There is no
need for platitudes. | atn itot writing to
placate anyone.

The issue here is the .IS(' vigil held at the
house of accused Nil/l war criminal Vilis
iiit/ttcrs, on Sunday November 4. (living
Ms. Marino the benefit of the doubt. I
assume that she knows exactly what the Nuris
mean to the world. and in particular to the
Jews. Thusiy, we shouldn‘t, don't. arid never
will trike this matter lightly.

She mentions "disgustedly" that a man lli
this cotttttry is innocent until proven guilty. It
is too had no one is challenging this fact. The
vigii’s purpose was not to usurp illls tenet of
otir law. btit to call to attention tirt infraction
of another law itt this country. That is that
Mr. liarners admittedly lied on his entry visa
to the U.S.. concerning his membership to art
"litaniration that persecutes individuals. This
tact alone is grounds enough for depot tatiort.

No. the vigil was not a "reactionary activi-
|)"' or a “travesty of justice", as was claim-
t-‘d. No one wants ltt do away with a trial by

 

illr)’. but on the contrary. it was an appeal to

 

make the public aware of the serious implica-
tions of tire hearing. You yourself call for
prosecittion, not persecution. Well tlten you
should have joined the vigil. for they too
were calling for prosecution. All they were
asking for is a fair and ltottcst itcarirtg. and
the real travesty would be letting this oppor»
tunity for ascertaining the legality of Mr.
llu/iters‘ American eiIi/enship slip away.
This vigil not only didn't infringe his rights.
biit calls needed attention to tire matter at
hand. That is the possibility of permitting a
war criminal to reside freely irt ottr own coun-
try.

You also wanted to know what the vigil
proved. it proved iii spite of it all. that there
are still sortie people who are willing to stare
into the farce of evil itself. attd to call for
justice anti decency. And despite “ashamed”
people like yourself. wlto equate this vigil
with the “Salem Witch Hunt". “McCarthy
lira" antics. and even to “the level of the
Nit/is“ (which has to be. his. Maritto. one of
tire tttost outstanding e\rtrnplcs of double-
talk), there are still those who will not sit
quietly as yott wish.

(,‘ortcertriug your last paragraph. of being
disappointed irt what you thought as .lS("s
“interpretation ot ,ludnisut is to condemn
arid to prejudgc“ (which is lit itself a biatartt
tutti-Semitic statement). I say. what the hell
do yoti kriou about .ludaistn‘.’ When it coittcs
to justice. we don‘t “turn the other cheek“.
lint . . . “.lustlcc. justic:. you sltitil [illl'\llt';
so that you may li\e" -— you cart read it for
yourself as it is written iii the Old 'i'estaructtt
(l)euteronoiny 16:20). For tltosc prescitt at
Mr. lia/ners' house, if] may speak for them.
this was their interpretation of Judaism.

H Robert Saposlt

Who Pays For Nukes?

To the Editor:

 

iii Friday's New York 'I't'irlt's' was a story
provitig the economic inefficiency of the
itticlcar power industry. l-iernian Dickamp.
the president of the General Public Utilities
Corporation, the utility that owns tire Three
Mile islurtd reactor, is seeking tlie Federal
Government's itclp to redtice the cost of
cleaning tip the damaged power plant. art
operation that is estimated to cost between
$300 ntiliiott to $500 millioit. His justification
for such a demand is that the accident at
Titree Mile island provide “art important
opportunity to add to the nation’s nuclear ex-
perience." Mr. Dickamp feels that the public
has been so enriched by T.M.l. that it should
be willing to foot the bill for thc rtticlear iii-
dustry's mistakes. i disagree.

Tire American ptibiic has been paying too
much for the ttiiclear industry. The nuclear
industry could itot economically functioti in»
dependent of the Federal Government. The
l'i‘cderal Government takcs otir tax dollars
attd uses tlteiti to sttpport the nuclear ittdtistry
because the industry cotiid not function on its
own. ()ur tax dollars are used to subsidile the

investors of rtttclear power plants. to allow‘

for tax write<offs for the investors and to in-
sure the plauts. licciiuse nuclear power plants
are sltclt a high insurance risk. no private lil-
stitartcc company will insure them. ottr tax
dollars must perform that function.
The argument iti favor ofntrclcnr power as
an econotttictll source of ettcrgy would have
tttore credibility if the industry wits able to
maintain its owrt costs. However it is ttot a
sell-sufficient industry. Not only should our
i'ctlct'ttl Government rcluse to give Mr.
Diekamp the money to clean up his nuclear
accident, but the govermncnt should end all
subsidies and ins benefits to the nuclear iii-
dustry. Since nuclear power is 'ltti it sound
economical investment, without government
subsidies, investors will refuse to invest iit
rtticlcar power because to do so would lose
them money. Nuclear power citiirtoi coiittrtitc
to exist, not only for safety reasons, lttii
because it is triieeotiotttical. (iivcti the present
state of the ccoiionty, the government would
be wise to take otir money out of the nuclear
industry and use it to help ciire our economy.
-— Kevin niitii

 

One Question

One question: Why did Albany police wait so long before warning
the women of Albany against the animal terrorizing and raping them?

Two Hundred Percent

A few mortths ago. at the height of an American gas shortage, the problems in
iron that stopped the outward flow ofoil were cited as a primary reason for the lack
of gas at the ptiittps. Yesterday. Prez Carter told lran we were taking our business
elsewhere. only there isn‘t anywhere else to take it. Gas guzziers cheered him on, and
the oil companies stood dumbfounded. The problem is obvious: iftlic cutoff ofira-
iiian oil doesn‘t cause a shortage as big as the last one. then someone somewhere has
bceit lying their buttocks off. attd the Aittericatt people may find out. Quick reaction
on tlte‘part of corporate geniuses will undoubtedly solve the mess. Either they'll
raise the price of gas again. arid blame it oit Carter’s Iranian block. or they‘ll raise it
arid blame it on the greedy tnentbers of OPEC who are taking advantage of
Anterican political catastrophes. They may even blame it oti the Ayatollah. But they
will blame it, anti we will pay for it. -

So Carter has inatle wltat may even be termed a “brave political move.” asserting
U.S. "strength," bttt Americans will pay through the nose iii the long run. Aitd it's
oitr own fault. Now that gas is flowing fast and furious again. Americans let the
reports of oil cotitpaity profits wltil. by with little notice. So did Carter. so did Con-
gress, and so did the companies themselves. taking a deep breath as the incredibly
large percentages were forgotten. if noticed at all.

.limmy. your crisis of confidence has provert itself true once again. Arid isn't it
nice to know that .litnttiy was right about something?

— J.li.(.‘.

Three Ways To Live

The person we think a fool may simply be the one with the wit arid courage to be
art individual, to follow his own convictions. even when they are unpopular. Were
we ali such fools. the world tttigltt be a better place. When we're among swingers rind
told to think only of the present, it might ttot ititrt to concern ourselves a little with
the future. and to remember our collective past. When we are among those who
would only work and plan for the future. it may not hurt to remember that. after all,
we live iii the present. And when we find ourselves among students searching for
eternal verities to write iit this newspaper. it rttight not iturt to remember Alice.
“Really, now you ask me.“ said Alice, very ttttrcli confused. “i don’t think — "
“Then you shouldn’t talk." said the Hatter. _ J‘w.

 

 

 

Jay B. Glllen, litittur-lIt-Cln’el
Ronald Levy, Rich-I'd Bah-r. Manugtng Editors
. . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Michele israci
. . Laura Florentlno, Sylvia Saunders
. . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , Stuart Matrnitgtt
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Martin Vukovich

Now-Edllor  .,.
Autocllle News Edllon .
ASPecIn Editor . . . . . . . .

Auoci-Ic ASPecII Editor . . . . v. . . . . . . V
Sports Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Paul bclrwartl.
Aloocl-le Sports Editor . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Mllte Dunne

Editorial Page: Editor . . . . . . . . . . Charles Bienot
Stallwrlters: (:l‘iilll‘b lit-ll. Pill iirartley. llolt Belltiliore, Andrew Carroll. Karen Fieri. Mike Fried

Marni-en (ir'otge. lid (ioodtniin. inrry Kolut. Debby Kopi. Susan Mllllgdil, Michelle Mockreii. Kathy
l’citlh. Roberto Rosenhuutn. .loil Sttlntdoli. liotli Sexer. Aron Sitrltlt, Debbie Smith Around Cant-
pus: Susan Mllllfltllt Zodiac and Prevlew: IJonilliy Btuonc

Debbie Kopl, Business Manager

Steve (ioldsteii.

. . . . . . Lisa/\pplebriuttt
. . . . . . . Bennie Brown.

. . . . . . . . . . . Amy Sours

Advertising Manager . .

Billing Accountant
Assistant Accountant

Composition Manager

Sales: Kitthv liosro. litt ll .‘it'ltonirnp'i. liir'lt Si-iiuson Classified Manager: Robin Block Com-
position: liion (illit't'kt'll. Mll(t' Mt'l lonniti Advertlslng Producllon ManagerrSue l'lii‘llSliltlii
Advertising Production: (Iliniit-s lit-ii, l'lolr-ne lhucitci, Tammi Geiger. Penny (.ilut’lihll’lil. tlUU
l’tt-lct. Alliit'lii' Stone Office Coordinator: livrtlyrt lillts Olllcc Stall: titty Lustgtnten. Bonnie

Fitttvr'tis
Jordon Monger. nob Grubmnn. I’Itltfllt’lliiii Mummers

Eric Koli. Graham Stillman, Asstitiott- Production Managers

Vincent Alt'llrt
[tow licnjoinln
. ilttttlt's Cluck

I'rotlucllon Assistant
Vertical Camera
Typist Extraordinaire

Pubic-up: i.rs.t iionqtrntto. iViitlli' lt.rli.m< 'l‘yplutai: Rust-tinny l'i'tiinn. Robin Goldberg, Mindy
(tuition .‘wpturrilwt Kli'itl. Debbie intuit. livtli Lorin-t. Proolranderl: Rachel Lotti-n, Joy) | ilt'tl'

lliiIiI, Suit l.lt’iiit‘l|?ii|‘lil, lirntiilri Sitt'iit't
Photography. sttpplti'il principally by ilnt'iri'rslty I’lioto Setttlce

Established 1916
The Albany Student Press is published every Tuesday imri Friday during illi' school poor by the
Allutnp Student Press ('orpotntlirtt. on independent. ririI»/or-pro]lt organization. Editorial policy is
tit-Iirrrnitii-tl by [he Ifrlrtrtt invCliii'l tutti is subject trt ri'tilt’ill by the Izdltorlnl Board. Mftttl‘tllg] Address
Alltitiip Student Press. (1332‘). Mill) M/(tslllllglltttl Atria, Albany. NY Li! J
(518) 457-8892

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

