 

 

lllltlllllldlld-l00-001100000000041---

f—\

are» e r...

 

Ellen

for

$3

Sale ends
DcCemher8

JE 36052

time has NOW :0

 

211 Central Ave., Albany 53441085
«6 Broadway St. saralogl 584.5354

platoon-00.11-

I (Ibis medical!

ill tllr

ant-.apnntlnqa-tf'o

"‘a' ‘NIGHTOUT’ with

lnclud

Ellen Foley is a major
new rock 'n' roll talent whose owrl

 

l'dI'l'llltlallcdI'll..-I‘lld-Illlttﬂiorl.

at 1.0.10.

Foley

just

.99

\
.
E
.
‘
E
.
|
\
‘
E
\
i
Ellen Foley 5
ELLEN FOLEY :
NIGHTOUT :
E
E
\
.
E
E
‘
‘
\
l
‘
|
:
I
‘
‘

ing:

We EelongToTha Night
What's A Mallet Baby/Thunder And Rain
Stupid Girl/Sud Song

"10.

Open10-9 weekdays
'10-6 Saturday
12-5 Sunday

 

 
  

 

2%?
(,6

(ruin

 

 

lile'l‘UlllNG: Motltly
'l‘lw Bt'illlt'S at

A SH lLC'lIUN Ul' lilNl‘ WlNl S
[Jibl’liN‘ilID l ROM (Jlllt
l)l’C()lt/\'I|Vl. WINI liAltllll 5'

All Ytil ilt l'()l’lll All ll
' 2 r

NI'W YORK SIYI l
t~t)l 'l l‘ltl ’i/l l 5
Bill?

 

 

 

 

:ii‘ritlap mm mutating. glitch. so {tiiifi Enter. 5.

 mo trier.

1.} iifiil

.lrllrir'r‘lrill} .‘rllsllirll‘lr ‘

outrun}. ..

 

lliS A i [ii I l.lNl.
ill |Ml'()ll l H) “0 I'll l'l) lllilzliS

lltilllillllltll\\’()lt||) ,
l’tll‘t‘tillN ‘” 5' '

‘..'ll'. rkv tor:

Till iljllis iiirrilrrlh Sit ilZilt lfllrh

 

W“
Jon (iorln-ln
lltillt-rl Wl-mvr
out
Miltt' Jth l'

Blues, Classical lloclt,
ld original music.

A ('()Ml‘l.l2’ll. l lNl.
{)l \’()l ill l-‘AVOlll'l'l'
MINI-VI) DRINKS

HANDS ()l“ Ill-'l'glt ANI) All:

(‘llAllllliOll l ll ﬁll l'lllll illiil it
"at MIN 5: on “till It rill

lltl N(‘Il I llll l) thiliN lthlit-l

lliri ‘ulrrn t i.]r inn :1 it

it‘ll:

I

 

<Mﬁ$~¢N§F®II ..r‘~w-cl.‘a.s:.,r.\a. ,  . \'x.,

  

rr.vrrrt.'.',".'...--. . . . . . .-.-..-..

     
   
  

l O I. IOO'IO O‘,"‘I,1IW'F"J9;F_'£_

 

 

 

  
 

 All Night Study Hall“
Now you can have a place to study
after the Library closes. . LC 20 is

open all night, 7 days a week, for
the rest of the semester. 2

LC 20 Study HOUI'S

Sunday-Thursday 11pm till 7am
Friday 10pm till 8am
Saturday 8pm till 11am

  
    

 

 

Attention Undergradsll

It you plan to withdraw from the University either before
llnals or upon completing this semester, please ‘top by or call
the Student Allalrs Olllce, AD 129, 457-4932.

December 14 Is the last day voluntary withdrawal can be
initiated it you do not intend to complete this semester.

It you plan to transfer, take a leave of absence, or "take

time oil" next semester, it is Important to file the appropriate
form before you leave campus so that unnecessary billings or
other administrative action can be avoided.

 

 

 

 

 

i
5

Positions Available

Volunteer Phone Counselor

The position offers an excellent opportunity for a person
interested in short term crisis intervention, in development
of counseling skills, and in employment in a dynamic and
creative human sevice organization.

Qualifications

1. Current enrollment in SUNYA as a
freshman, sophomore, or junior.
2. Willing involvement in the in—service
training program.

Duties (‘ ’ Volunteers

1. Attendance at the initial training weekend
at the beginning of the semester.
2. Working on a3hourtelephone shift weekly
3. Working on 3—4 (12 hour) weekend shifts a
semester (including overnight).

4. Attendance at2three hourtraining groups
run by Middle Earth and other agencies.
6. Commitment to providing quality
counseling services.

lnlorosiorl pintsorrr; filiOII/(f confer-l li/lir‘lrllo E'rrrl‘r lin' .rn
npplionlir . int/union slronlrl lit) .rrr’rlrossor/ It)“ {2‘12
Bis!»- Jé-E‘I-ritcilbonrri coordil‘laior. [\er .rn/J/irrnlmnu
.‘lI.‘l.r:/;l‘l’1‘(’/ zrllnr i3t?CtJt‘i:‘l)t':t’ 3rd ...:t’)ij}:-.;rrr

   

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

waiting with me. had to give him directions!

At approximately 9 o’clock the Greyhound
dispatcher told us that buses were “found”
but there were no drivers. Again, we would
have to wait. At this point students began
playing word games, including our version of
“hangman —— hang the dispatcher." The
possibility of returning home and taking a
regularly scheduled bus in the morning was
contemplated. l began reviewing the notes
for the exam 1 was to have at 9 am. Monday
morning and hoped to arrive at my dorm at a
reasonable hour so l'd have adequate sleep
before the test.

A bus with a driver did not arrive at Port
Authority until after 10 pm. This was pro-
blematic because two busloads of students
were waiting. it would have made sense to
have those who were first in line board this
bus since these students had been waiting the
longest. However, the dispatcher and Delta
Sigma Pi bus counselors decided to use a
"boarding ticket" systcm. This deals with
the tickets that were given to students on the
original trip from Albany to New York City.
Upon leaving onc bus passengers had been
given tickets bearing the number 34 and the
others were given the number 35. ll was
decided that those who came down to New
York on bus 34 could be able to take this bus
while others would have to wait. This system
did not account for sttldents who had sold
the Albany to NY. half of their ticket (and
therefore had never recovered an extra bour-
ding ticket). These students were told by the
Greyhound dispatcher that “it was the
students’ faults for not going roundtrip“ and
therefore they would only be seated “if there
was room". This system was totally illogical.

Delta Sigma Pi buses provide a necessary
service to SUNYA students and an excellent
means of fund raising for the organization.
However, better management is expected of
thosc who claim to be the professional
business people of thc future. 1 do not place
sole blame on this fraternity sirlcc it is easily
recognized that a major portion of this pro-
blcm was caused by the Greyhound Corp.
Delta Sigma Pi should contract with an alter-
nativc company if they expect students to hlry
bus tickcts lll tllc l‘tlltrrc. WE WILL NOT
STAND FOR THIS AGAIN! i also urgc
students to voicc their complaints on this
matter. This can be done by calling Dclttl
Sigma Pi at 457-4589 and writing letters to:
Mr. C.D. Kirkpatrick — Vicc President of
Sales —- Greyhound Bus Corp. ~—
Grcyhound 'l‘owcr — Phoenix, Arizona
85077, and interstate Conlrrlcrcc Commis-
sion —-— 26 Federal l’lazc — New York, N.Y.
l0007.

in this chartcr situation, Greyhound felt
they could treat us as they pleased since they
already had our money. Lcl tllcrn know illtll
students can‘t be itlkcn advantage of by
writing letters NOW.

lrcnc l3lL'l\\‘t,'l\>
Albany Student Union

....and an Apology

To all student passengers of the (‘llurtcr
'l'llunksgiving buses:

Wc would like to tlrkc opportunity in L‘\-
press ()nr sirrccrcsl apologies rcgrlrding tlrc ill-
Ct)ll\clilcilt't‘\ lllclrrlcd by tlll |itl‘.\cllltcl\ o1
tllc 'l'llunklativlrll- l‘illscs. Wu rlrc tlccply con~
ccr'rlcd about illt' gross incllicicllcc» on tilc
part of (ht-yilonnd and are currently tlL‘illlllll
with them or an zlllcnlpr to work out till
agrccnlcnt concerning refund». We art- as
disgusted us you urc rcgur‘dlng (ircyhound‘s
total lack of responsibility rowlrrd scrvirlg
thcir customers satisfactorily and wc cil-
courtlgc tlll prlsscngcr‘s lo cxpr'css thcil
grievances to Grcyhound ill an effort to help
us rectify this matter.

We intend to discontinue our ul'filiulillg
with Greyhound, bill will still continue our
services to the students of the SUNYA corn-
munity.

Further details concerning this matter will
be printed in the ASP. We appreciate your
cooperation and patience.

Sincerely.
The Brothers of Delta Sigma Pi

 

. Rape Walk Clarified

To the Editor:

When i read the letter in last Friday‘s edi-
tion of the ASP, my heart sank. The notion
that a misunderstanding about the Walk
Against Rape could annoy someone as mch
as it did, upset me, and caused me to give
pause to the project to do sorllc scrious re-
thinking. Only incomplclc explanations have
been offered about the nature of this march.
rendering misunderstandings inevitable. l'd
like to use this space to clarify the issue and
the idea of a Walk Against Rape.

The idea of a “Walk Against Rape" or a
“Take Back the Night" is not a new one. In
the past twenty years it has been implemented
in many communities throughout the country
as an effective and positive way to reduce tllc
frequency of a dcvcstating crinlc . . . In a
practical sense, it does three things. First, it
brings the shockingly high incidcrlcc rntc into
the public eye, (one every nine minutes -— na-
tionwide). Only through this kind of mass
awakening can we hope to alter the social
structures that encourage rape in our culture.
Second, it impresses upon all rapists and
potential rapists, the vigilance of the citizen-
ship. When he sees live thousand angry,
unafraid citizens walking the streets at night
he will think twice about how safe hc'll bc
next time he walks them, with the intention
to rape. Third, it would seem to me that this
type of action would help to augment the cf-
forts of the police. as it demonstrates thc ex-
istence of the public as a watchdog too, out:
that is omnipotcnt, and devoted to the pro-
tection of the rigllts. freedoms, and ill-
dividual dignitics of each member.

in a more spiritual sense a “Take Back
the Night" is intended to comfort the rape
victim by showing her that she is not alone,
that others really care about her safety and
well being, and tile safety and well being of
every woman. Also, it is intended to give the
rope victim back her sense of self, the
autonomy ovcr her body and her life that she
may fccl is lacking. Marry victims express ll
pcrvasivc fccling oi'dorninrltion by deep fcrlr
and n powerlessness they cannot Shirk.

As for tile reason, and tllc rncthotl of
marking placcs wllcrc rupcs huvc occurcd,
again, i want to apologize for not stating
lhcsc absolutely clearly. The masons for
marking the spot are numerous. First, plac-
licnlly, it warm otilcr women that this dark
placc, this street, or this neighborhood is rlot
safe for wotncrl ulonc at night. Second, it
reminds thosc passing by, regardless of lllc
hour. that tapes are happening, as llicy scc
nlorc and more blatant indications of this
such as red “it's”, the frequency ofthc crinlc
can rlo longer be denied or ignored. l llttVC
bccrl ll rrlpc crisis counselor for almost three
years, and ctlclr woman l have counsclcd says
the hillllL' thing to me: “Tcli them, warn
them, do anything to let them know than it's
lrnppcning, and ilitll it can happen to tlrcrlr
and those they iovc. i never thought this
could happen to inc. and i don‘t ever Will” it
to happen to anyone again. i wairl cvcr'yonc
to rctlli/c the horror of this crime, so that
cvcryorlc can hclp to prevent it.” Ulrch no
circumstances whatsoever would it Walk
Against RtlDL‘ cvcr stop to “pawl; oil so-
nlcollc‘s ltllvn’", go llll)’\VllL'l’L‘ llcrll lllc ironic
oi lllc victim or mark lliL‘ \lLlL‘thllL liL‘Hltlt' rllc
lltilllt‘ oi u viclinr urllcss silc contacted us first
and grunrcd permission or specifically rc-
qltcslcll us to do so. lll addition, lllL‘ logistics
of such a march would prccltldc stopping all
crrcll lronlc \vllcrc ll rrlpc has occllrcd, we
cotrld, llowcvcr, mark certain dangerous cor-
ncrs to rcprcscnt Ihc rrrpcs that have occllrctl
ill these neighborhoods. As a victim nlysclfof
a recent assault and having spoken with sornc
of tile others. the reaction to this proposal
has been cxccllcrlt. Many women said that
they would like their sidewalks marked, for

all the reasons i have cited in the body ofthis
lcttcr.

My intentions were never, ever. to oppress
members of my own sex; it is extremely pain-
ful that even one woman interpreted my pro-
posal this way.

Alive With A GloWing Fervor

Significance in human beings is arbitrary. History books speak of it. professors. [t is felt in
the hearts of others. falls, fanatics. eccentrics. the appreciative. You give in to the whim of the
crowd.’ you are a hero. You have success at the cost of something. What is that something?

Social and emotional acceptance is important to most of us. from day one, when we’re put
in size order in the classroom and drink milk at noon. Maybe we were too young to make a
choice then, but what about now? We have been brought up with mostly sterile environments,
a product of a product of a well-known, ﬁgured out society. .

SUNYA fits into that society very nicely. the higher education flower in the existence vase.
The bosses are churning you out for a pre-ordained community that forces them to educate
you thus. They may be sorry. they may suffer a pang of guilt. But they must follow the
establishment rules for they are establishment employees of the Empire State of the entire na-
tion. it is every bit as sad as it seems. Control is in the wrong hands. It is exhaustive. '

imagine the fact that you and i could be hugging the ground on an Iranian desert with a
machine gun in your hands. loaded. imagine losing everything you felt safe and good about.
imagine your best f ricnd dying right next to you. how helpless and destroyed you could be.
imagine emptiness and war and hell.

The Third World is rebelling against America with a frightening hatred on all corners of the
globe, and we can only turn to each other and then our “enemies” to make things better. in
other words, we must solve our problems at home before going to the world as a nation to be
reckoned with, a world benefactor worthy of respect and a simple thanks.

Tomorrow is December l979 and a bunch of tomorrows after that is the eighties.
Psychologically, it's the most important day in ten years, but morcso. The sound of the
eighties. as we enter them, reeks of the future. it has a super-modern connotation, and the
reminder of I984 prolcnds disaster. A score after one Kennedy, at a time when the same thing
was felt, there is another. Something is brewing in the history books to come, something ma-
jor should_and will occur. it's that time of the milicnium, and the test of man will question his
very survival as a race.

i am so scared. For the ﬁrst timc in my life, i doubt the future like l'vc never doubted it
before. lam afraid for what my children may see when their eyes open. lam deathly afraid for
my grandchildren. There is no end to tile fear we must bear every day. A reminder of the poor
position of every facet of life right now. And we have a fear of facing up to goings on and say-
ing No! we will not take this. .

We are so, so young. Twenty years have passed us by thus far, and this is still an age une-
quivocally wrapped at the pinnacle of youth. Taking advantage of this and being in control of
this time seems like it should be second nature, but most people around us don't even feel it.
They exist for tile presence, a vague future. littlc past, and allow themselves to be controlled
by people who arc unaware of their situation, yet make decisions for them anyway. The
balance is off, and a little self-reﬂection may restore it.

Our lives and freedom are in great danger, believe that. it's that time of the milicnium
again. and it's time to wake up. it's time to move a little ass alld grind a little brain to get us
out of llig Mcss No. 3, and start a fresh phase. Time to regain the control over our lives that's
rightfully ours. at this university. in tlliscountry. everywhere.

There has been a sudden resurgence of activism on this very campus recently by a handful of
cxcilcd students who can already lastc thc cxhilcration of freedom and satisfaction of self-
corllrol. Join tllcrn ill the fight to have u say ilr making university policy, from book prices to
tcnurc. Apathy is as good as death, for lrlzincss is one ofthc only true sins. When you’re deal-
ing with an cnlirc planet, you don't pussy-foot around —— you get off your denim: and apply
your energies to some mental repair work. We are all condemned. we are all equally guilty of
nothing, and tile consequences of absolute nothing.

It‘s boggling to rcrllizc how close we are, boggling to livc knowing it. chcr before have l
fclt so rlccdcd, so vital, so cncrgixcd. i am spitting otrt this force to you, pick up or] it. i don't
mind dying, hilt i do mind dying at tile hands of apathy.

Old age is tough and depressing, but let inc scc it through old eyes just the same. Savc The
World. Silvc it today. Send your ideas to othcrs, donate your hczrrt to tile heartless. Mukc lhc
wllolc thing work, nrrrkc it look good. For whoever is up there watching, for whocvcr’s impor-
turn in the heavens, and for you, make it look very good. it's that time ofthc milicnium again.

 

g. game.
Jay B. Gil-en. [Editor-infidel
Ron Levy. Rich-rd Bah-r, Managing Editors
., . . .   .Micllulelsracl
Laura lilorurrtlno, Sylvia Saunders
. . . Stuart Matrarlga

News Editor . .
Associate News Editoro

ASPecto Editor

Sports Editor .
Associate Sports Edltor

Editorial Pages Editor

. . . . . . Paul Schwartz
. Mlkc Dunno, Bob Bulloiiure
. . . Slcvcn liolniclt

Stallturllcrs: (‘llnrlcs Bull. Pat Brrrnicy. Bob ilcliulroru. Alltllt'l‘.‘ Carroll, Knit-n l‘lclr. Mike l-iricd.
Motown (lt'tlltlt‘, lid (Soodrnrrn. Lorry Kalln. Debby Kopl, Susan Mllllgan. Mlt‘lll'llt.’ Mocltroll. Kathi;
l’l‘rllll. llrrln-lm lliiht‘lllit’tlllll, .loll Scllotloll, lSutlr Sl'xcr. Aron Smith. Dr-blrlc Srllllll Around Cam-
pus: Humrr Mllllgrln Zodiac and Preview: lltnrrllw Billtlllt' News Editor Emeritus: Aron
.‘mrlll;

Debbie Kopf, [illsllli'h'y Ntlilrtgt‘r

Sic-w (ir )ltlhll‘lll
Llsrl Applcbanm
l‘ionlnt' lilown

Amy Solrr<

Atlvertlnlnu Manager

Billlng Accountant
Assistant Accountant

(Inlnpnslllnn Maurine!

Sales: llrltlly Hosto, lllt‘ir St'honlngr'r, lilcll Scllqson Classified Manager: Robbin Block Com-
pOIIIiontl'lrlllGlllt‘lfltt’ll,Mlltt!Mt'l)t)lltll1lAdvlr‘l‘lng Production Manager: Sllc l'lausnlnrl
Advertising Production: Charles lioll, l'ltElL'llt' l)r‘ut:l<cl . 'l'ulrlnll Geiger. l’cnrlv Grr'cnslcin. Joy
l‘ll'lt'l. Annette Stollr- Offlce Coordinator: livelyn Ellis Office Staff: Joy Llrslgartcn, Bonnie
Stu-mils

Jordan Metzgcr, Rob Grubman, Production Managers
Eric Koll. Graham Sllllm-n. VIncont Alullo, Associate Production Managers

Vortlcol Comer. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Dave Benjamin
Tvplot Eur-ordinal" . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Hurlk‘s Chick

Paolo-up: Lisa Bonglorno, Marie ltallano Typhllx Rosemary Ferraro, Robin Goldberg, Mindy
Gordon. September Klein, Debbie Loch, Beth Lorber, Zarl Staill Proofreader“ Elissa Beck.
Rachel Cohen, Joy Friedman, Sue Lichtenstein, Ronald Sucher Chino-r: Charles Bell

 

 

 

m. supplied principally by University Photo Service

 

 

 

Janice Fine 4
. -

 

 

/'

' 2c:-

   

 

  
 

 

  
   
   
    
   
  
  
   
   
   
  
    
  
   
   
    
   
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
   
    
   
   

 

 

