 

  

m...—

< 1m<v~_

- u

»  3,." MW - k , ~ y;y...,~.’;.‘_».v-;:u:

 

 

...._..». 2,.“ .. um-w-‘ﬂs-A-hmhhwlw’r—

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

' {WM} ‘
mum-5300

CALL OR DROP BY

102 Schuyler Hall - Dutch Quad
. A PLACE TO TALK INFORMATION ON:
- COPING WITH COLLEGE LlFb _ mm“ CONTROL
- ACADEMIC HASSLES _ SEXUAL,"
- CRISIS INTERVENTION _ HEALTH & WELHEING
- ONGOING COUNSELING _ WHATS HUMBLE m
- INFORMATION a REFERRAL THE COMMUNITY
. PHONE COUNSELING

 
     
    
 
 

  
  
 
 
 
 
  

 

 
 
    
 

"Tornado"
$3.75

Funded by SA

 
         
   
 
  

  

sorvlcu are svcllablo to all members of the

I University Communlty - Free of Charge.
‘Potmm Guard Ed chhlm. hm soon In Unlvarslly Gym, helped his

Mandatory ..
' Meeting 1  Mtttiiiei’fiﬁii GMAT
"Egan-3;“ i *m‘tltt“i'.lii“l;t'tl;i"
'l'onlte at 1 pm
Location: LC 2]

Anyone who cannot attend
should contact Paul or loan

QIECWAEE

 

 

   

  

 

 

['i

 

‘ Flexible Programs G- Hours

1 Visit Our Centers & See For Yourself

1 Why We Make The Difference

'; For information Please Call: ‘H

EDUCATIONAL CENTER [YD
Albany CCI'I‘CI' itsr PREPARATION
sagcutisis smcr tins
 Delaware AVE. for information About
Other Centers In

Delmar, N. Y. Main! u.s. Clllcs ii. Abroad
Outside rm. state

Call 518-439-8146 CALL rou rm. too-223.173;

 

Be an accunlant for
Focus Magazine 23

 

 

 

 

 
    

 

 

 

 

SA Funded

\ For Info cal Bob at 462-1159 or 0m at 451-5020 E

 

 

 

Rally On The Capitol

Statewide Demonstration To
Stop [The Tuition Hike

Wednesday. March 21

 

 

 

The Precision Haircut

(And why it might bi:- right for you.)

. , . )
if you hate the way your haircut (iisappeaamﬁlz
day after come to Command Pe’rformancn. .
we specialize in the premium haircut ) {or cumng

Promsion haircutting is our ltEChnlCtlltbws SO as

' the hair in harmony with the way it (iiibemusekhe
i it grows. it doesn't lost} its shape AntI W510. km”)
1 hair is (tut to iilll nalltliiziliy.’  :ltotnhtlkm.“ (100.5 It
' ' :1 Sic : . , >

t Ublm (Yul With shampoo anri hloyv
In (illiiill'f-i toi iiuys unit on s
on, t7l>lt)llng. frosting
.‘lli if; nooiioil. lust

Rally on campus 10:30 in front of the Campus Center
March downtown at 11:15, Rally at the Capitol 1:00
Students are urged to miss classes to attend the rally.

 

fussing With i_

The Di'UCISIOl'l hair
(fry costs just i()tll‘it:(,‘ V
We also offer permanent wuv

* The University Senate urged instructors not to

t i conditioning, No il[)[llllllillll “I; 5 “gm
       in. And you'll sou iilili l)l(,(.l. ion i

for you W AWL W,

(_.______---——-—-—‘I.; ,,.. ,. i_____....——————-—-“" ‘ . a:

Connnsand Patriot-nuance

 

l’lf‘ll iI'.l liitt-tiiil mini hum

Nuilhwnv Mitll, (‘ulunic

Special buses will be provided for non marchers
Mountint, Itll‘):.ltt

 

Potsdam Upholds SUNYAC Image,

by Build Osborn

When Albany State lost the
prcVIously well-documentcd NCAA
Division lll Southern Regional two
weeks ago in Danvillc. Kentucky,
the rcsponsibility Of' upholding the
SUNYAC basketball reputation and
Justifying the decision to send two
contcrcnce teams into the playoffs
fell hard on the Potsdam Bears.

Dclcgutcd to the Eastern Regional
as the official SUNYAC entrant by
virtue of the tic-breaking procedure

that broke the Albany. Plattsburgh,‘
. Potsdam knot. the Bears were

seeded fourth in the bracket at Stony
Brook. lt sccmcd a logical move;
they were unrankcd nationally, they
had an unstartling 20-6 mark and
they had no recognized stars.

Now that the Div. III season has
officially closcd. Potsdam is gloating
in cstccm and the SUNYAC once
again can hold its head up high. For
the Bears charged through the title
chasc with four wins 7— they were
favoer only once — and battled
from hibernation into the spring
warmth with lost and were only
stopped in the ﬁnale by a gigantic
North Park squad. 66-62. Saturday
night.

North Park. ranked ﬁrst all
season, claimed its second straight
national championship. but only
after dealing with some spunky

resistance from the Bears. Potsdam‘s went into a zone press and stole the
tallest starter is 6‘5” while North ball with IS seconds left. With low
Park's ﬁrst ﬁve shows 6'l0" Mike go Ed Jachim missed from the foul
Harper at ccntcr.a pair of forwards line and Jack Bissetta couldn‘t
standing 6‘9" and 6'7", and two connect on a followup with ﬁve
matting guards listed at 6'7” and seconds tO play. North Park hit two
6'1”. free throws in the waning moments
The most amazing aspect of the to settle the ﬁnal count.
title game. which went right down to in the semis, Potsdam beat Ccntrc
thc ﬁnal buzzer. was the Bears‘ 33-30 Collcgc, the Southern champ. 67—63.
advantugc in thc rebounding Dcmyan held the Colonels‘ high-
d‘cpurtmcnt. Derrick Rowland and scoring forward Steve Curtis to a
bran Dcmyan, the two Bear pivot mcrc four points and Rowland Was
men. used superior positioning to too much for Ccntrcdownlowaathc
canccl thc dwarfing height soph from Brentwood burned the
differential. Potsdam actually had a cords for 33 points. Rowland and
chance to tie the game and force an Jachim were tagged the "Super
overtime scssion. Sophs“ in a New York Times story
“We just played the very tough on Potsdam appearing last
defense and when they had a big lead Thursday.
we wouldn‘tlctthcm getaway.”said For the Potsdam-Centre
Bear coach Jerry Welsh." A few matchup. both coaches looked to
breaks and some better execution Albany‘s Dick Saucrs for scouting
downthccndand wccould havcwon reports. “We have an agreement
it." North Park led by eight at the amongthccoachcs in ourconf'crcncc
half. Al the start of thc second half. that we won't give scouting reports
Potsdam threw the ball away six on each other to other schools."
straight times and they soon trailed Saucrs explained. “Tom Bryant
43.28. (Ccntrc's coach) called me and I
“But we never quit,“ Welsh explained this to him. But I helped
emphasized. Potsdam pcckcd away Jerry Welsh out.”
atthclcud untilthcyhadrcduccdthc VWclsh said the information he
margin to two points with I:28 lcft. obtained from Saucrs was vcry
With l8 seconds lcft, North Park hclpful. “l have a lot of rcspcct for
had the ball and a 64-62 load and coach Saucrs." he said. "He knows
Welsh asked for timc. Thc Boats his basketballvcrywcll.l\nythinglic

 

says about another team he has

 

 

Millers 2 for SLOO

  

 

 

  

 

 

 

Albany Student UnlonISASUISA ' .isii.ﬂ____w

. mow...»

 

 

...,...——

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

M_* 7
MARCH 20, 1979

 

ALB

 

Heineken 2 for SLSO
Ryc. Gin, Vodka Sours, or Screwdrivers 2 for price of one

live music starts at 10:00- No cover

BOG/ARTS

madison ave. & ontario st. albany _n.y.

Em Wander lbw
“0- A Ln-ﬁII-Ouf Your
Financial Aid

Appliaaﬁam?

FINANCIAL-AIDS
WORKSHOP

Note: If par can, bring par applies/Ian.

ANY STUDENT PRESS

EVERY -T ESDAY! 253333;. iiTrciiii‘liipiuciimi
FREE M0 VES! FREE POPCORN!
Abbott and Cost-Io Moot Franltsnshln Starts at 9:"

WEDNESDAYS JAZZ QUINTET‘IMPULSE’
THURSDAYS TWOFER NIGHT 8-10p.m.

information."

Bryant had a private scouting
agency ﬁle a report on Potsdam
from the Bears 89—72 triumph over

Clarke in the quarterﬁnals. He also
picked up tips from non-SUNYAC
coaches that have played Potsdam.
Welsh. as well. supplemented his
rcports from Saucrs with other
reports.

Potsdam had begun thci'r stunning
run right away by shocking fourth-
rnnkcd Stony Brook 72-65 in the
Eastern Regional. Thcy broke a 28
game Pioneer hornc winning streak.
In the regional finals, the Bears
pliiycd St. Lawrence for the third
time this your. The first two were
split but l’ntsdum secured their
lillliliti custom title by toppling the
Saints 704i]. '

' ' ' ’ ' " Ccntrc beat Baldwin-Wallace In
the quarters at home by 68-65 in
double-overtime. North Park came
through to the Final Four as

‘ expected and Franklin and Marshal
rcnchcd Augustana College in
lllinois as the fourth entrant in the
Final Four. This was the ﬁfth annual
NCAA tournament for schools on
this level.

North Park didn‘t go undefeated
 they lost to u fcwuon-Division lll
schools But the result most
indicative of their prowess was a 10
point victory at Jacksonville; a
school that competed in the NCAA
Div. I playoffs. Welsh said North
Park could beat 80 percent of the
Div. I schools on height alone.

At any ratc, Potsdam went a long
way; quit: a bit longer than anybody
expected they would. The Dana
victory over the Bears by three
points during the season only makes
the disaster in Danvillc seem even
worse. The Bears did uphold the
SUNYAC reputation, laid the
notion of North Park's invincibility
on the Div. lll level to rest, and
newly brought thc conference its
ifirst national crown.

 
  
   
 
 

 

 

 

Molsons 2 for Sl.25

     
      
    
 

 

Frlday Is the tint dav
to flag a full

semester course!

 

 

 

PAGE TWENTY-ONE

-_...- "mm—um.» , .

. s. - ., - .. --.«-¢~.~..a~-~¢. ., sag—m." a..“..-y.......». «one.» a...»

5L. 1..

