 

 

 

.s-u...»-».>

briefs; " V ~

 

 

.. worldviews

     
 

-.w:“af-—“lrir‘TﬁNW-ui-

 

 

 

' e e .
Khomeini Returns "to Iran

'I‘EHRAN. Iran (Al’) Ayatulla'h RuhoJah Khomeini
returned liortie to it wildly enthusiastic welcome yestc'rday
and declared his revolution to overthrow Shahi Mohammad
Re/a Pahlttvi and install an Islamic republic will not be
complete until U.S. inﬂuence is expelled from Iran. Railing
against “despotism and colonialism" that he said has
. pertei'tcd lrriniriri culture. the bearded. Shiite Mosfem
' l ' pririiarclisaidtheshrih“has madethcarmyfollowtheorders
i r of another country." and his movement will be successful
only "when the roots of colonialism are pulled out." He did
not mention the United States by name. but there was no
doubt what country he was talking about. Khomeini‘s
chartered Air Franccjumbojct from Paris circled three times
and landed at 9 am. as a millionjubilant followers lined the
I Made rotite Ire took front the airport to the capital's largest
" ceriictery. Sonic 50.000 "Islamic police'.‘ maintained orderall
along the route. rind more than l00.000 supporters jammed
the cemetery.

Hearst Released and Free

I'LEASANTON. Calif. (AP) For Ptitricial Hearst. yesterday
" promised re e from prison andtlrc first tasteoffreedom in
ll\t.' years neither terrorized by kidnappers. stalked by the
la iv rior shackled by the sttttc. Tlte newpapcrs heiress was
ccpectcd to leave the federal prison here on the arm of her
. l ‘ trance. police officer Bernard Shaw. accompanied by her
attorney and two bodyguards. in Hillsborough. about 40
riirles away. her parents. four sisters rind friends planned it
.cltaiirpagnc branch to celebrate the homecoming. That
family's fast reunion outside the prison was May is. I977.
rrficri Miss llcarst was sent to l’leasonton after-unsuccessful
3 appeals ol"licr bank robbery cottviction. Her release was
A three days before the fifth anniversary of lter kidnapping by
r 'tlrc Syriibtonesc Liberation Army. and three days after
'l’residcnt ‘Carter commuted her seven-year sentence for
 ruining the SLA‘ iii a San Francisco bank robbery.

 Nixon Makes (1 Quiet Visit

\\:\SII|N(§’I'I)N (AI’) Richard Nixon emerged from his
prir att- riiectrng \Hlll Chinese Vice Premier 'l‘ertg lIsiao-ping
oartrng broadly the smile ofa tnan who had takenanother
step .may tiorii years of sell-exile. Witfi a limousine and

request.

c.— .- __.. --.‘_,_._...A...

   

threat of impeachment 4% years ago.

,Flood Facing Hard Times

of Rep. Daniel J. Flood. who is charged with bribery.
conspiracy and perjury. They quit for the night after nearly
two hours of discussion. Flood is charged with accepting at
least 550.0th in bribes in a conspiracy scheme with his former
adriirnistrative assistant between I970 and I976. The three
perjury counts stem from Flood's denial under oaththat he
met received illegal payments from anyone. In closing
arguments. the government's prosecutor said the time had
come for "Mr. Hood to pay the piper." Mark Tuohey.
assistant U.S. attorney. said the case shows “not only a
scheme of enrichment but a scheme of dcniability. and it
almost worked." Hood. a Pennsylvania Democrat serving
his loth tcrrn iii the House. sat impassivelyat the table beside
his attorneys during the closing arguments. usually with his
liaiids folded rrt his lap.

 

 

Amtrak Plans to Cut Services

NEW YORK (AP) I'ransportation Secretory Brock Adams,
in an effort to reform Amtrak's deficit-prone ways. has
tlll\t:flt.‘d a plan to abolish passenger train service along
H.300 miles 43 percent ~ ofthe present system served by
the qtrust-governmental corporation. Adams claimed
\\ cdncsday that the federal government spends “staggering
arrtourits of federal money on Amtrak." which has to stop. he
said. Ihc cttts will save taxpayers SIA billion in the next five
years. Iic added. l'hc 'I'ransportatinn Department‘s plan
would end the careers of trains that have becortie part of
railroad lore and tradition. sending some famous-name

    
  

v.- rrirgsi- «u.

      
   
  

 
 
  
 
 

 

  
    
     

inotorcuderwaiting. the former president paused for a
moment Wednesday on the sidewalk in front of Blair House.
across Pennsylvania Avenue from the White House. Nixop
had met for 52 minutes with Teng. reportedly at Tengs
But neither man choose to comment on the
discussion. Nixon ignored reporters and photographers, who
were held back half a block away. He glanced at the White
House. stepped into his car and sped away. lie flew by
commercial plane Wednesday night to San Diego. ’TllIS
closed the third « and most conspicuous —— of his vrsrts to I I
the nation‘s capital since he resigned the presidency under District court at Brooklyn ycs‘crday on behalf of 5”

WASHINGTON (AP) Jurors began deliberations in the case

 

limitcds on their last runs and rerouting others over tracks
which once sched competing rail lines. The plan. which will
take effect Oct. | unless Congress amends it within 90 days.
would leave Alabama. Arkansas. Nebraska. Oklahoma. and
Vermont without any passenger trains.

Handicapped Case in Court

NEW YORK (AP) A class action suit was filed in [1.8.

handicapped children who are seeking to compel state and
city school officials to provide them with free special
education. The complaint alleged that there are more than
H.000 handicapped students living in New York City who.
although entitled by statute to a free public education. have
not been evaluated and placed in suitable special programs.
ffie plaintiffs claimed that the average waiting time from the
original notice of notiﬁcation to the Board of Education that
a child is handicapped to placement in an appropriate school
is 250 calender days or 170 working days. The plaintiffs
lurtlier claimed that the defendants repeatedly have failed to
eliminate unreasonable lengthy waiting periods before
placement.

Rockefeller to be Eulogized

NE“ YORK (AP) Nelson Aldrich Rockefeller will be
ctrIogr/ed Friday in memorial services at Riicrsidc Church
before an invitation-only gathering of 2.500 persons
including President and Mrs. Carter.

Ambassadors from 44 nations. delegations from the
t tfl‘tllcl. Senate arid House. a group of governors and state
and city officials will attend the services for the former \icc
president and New York governor.

Henry Kissinger. former U.S. secretary of state. and
l(tlL'lst.'lI.‘llCl"S younger brother, David. chairman of Chase
.\lilfllltlllflll Batik. will share their rcniembranccs in separate
ctilogtcs.

Martin Luther King Sr, will give a prayer. Rockefeller's
stilt. Rodinrrn. will read excerpts of various writings. and his
daughter. Ann R. Roberts. will read front SCrIleffC.

Rockefelch died of a hctirtutttlck last l-ridayat age 70. His
.islics itcrc interred at the family‘s 250-acre l’ocantico llills
estate in suburban Westchcstcr County on Monday after a
pm tc funeral \UrHCL' the day before. -

 

 

   
  

llrr: tfirrd around New York State Competition will begin
.rr 'Hrtl .r.rii.. Saturday. February I0 l‘)7‘) at Sierra College.
lorrrloritille NJ .. and SUNYA Will be among nine Lanis
competing for the opportunity to advance to regional and
national IJICUIS. Ilte liritiI competition. field at Daytona
Beach. on March 20. 197‘) will decide the natiotial champion.
learns of eight ttlirec riieri. three women. two alternates)
\\lll coriipctc iii six events: volleyball. 8X0 yard relay-race.
Itorrrid ol lfird (option: \ prick pitch-in a b' kelball
\.tr ration). an obstacle course. tearti frisbee or frisbcc relay".
and a trig of wrrr. '
llrc only requirement to bea part ofthc competition is that
you are not tilt at varsity learn or attending school on an
athletic scholarship. l'ltc event is ettdorscd by the National
l ritcrtarrritncttt and ('atiipus Activities Association. and. of
course sponsored and coordinated by the Budweiser beer
tllsll rbrrt or s in t he participant's respective local communities.
—— Robin Itioldbarg

 

No More Waiting

   
  

If you‘re one of the "unfortunate many“ who have been
stuck waiting for a bus the past few weeks. help ison the way!
\clrrrg Dispatcher for tire Motor I’riol Art Iitirl says
that trio brand new 92 seat buses hate been purchased and
will licgrrr rounding the circle sooti. I

In addition. a new btts di'i "r l as been added tti the roster
and plans are beiiig riiade to incr express rtirisin the near
future. Burl added that the long waits for the “(ireat SIJ NYA
-‘ trrccri Monster" sliotild decrease by fire ctid of this week.
Debbie Kopf

     
  
    

.I'

 

     
  
   

r:

 

    
   
   
 
   
  
 
   
 

Anything For an ‘A’

    
   

Students in Sociology I I: and anyone who glanced into
Social Science 250 yesterday morning were startled by the
rather urittsril sight of Michael Calabro. a junior front
ionkcrs. sitting in the front row with nothing on but desert
boots and a pair of sweat sox.

"I‘rol. llrggiirs was talking about social predictions last
neck .rrid our blind following of social norms and lie
predicted that riobotly would come to class nude." (‘altibro
sarrl \\liilc dressing ill the batbrotitti after class. “I'Itc
interesting tlirrig was that lie related my condition to today's
lccttiic; lion rrttlrvrtltials will react dillcrettllv whcri tlicy
kilo“ they're being studied." .

  
  
    
  
  
  
  
 

   
  

Super Sports

l.ic Budweiser ('ollegc Sripcr Sports Nrrtioittu
hairiprorr-rlrip strikes again!

llrc reaction to ('alabi'o was a spontaneous burst of
laughter and applause that lasted fora lull lt\c minutes. After
the iirttrril response. the fccttiie went on as usual except for
the many laces that pushed tip against the glass rloor lot a

   

 

    

 

add a course today

j

quick glrtnpsc. t'alabro says he is an experienced streaker
.irrd lccls people shouldn't be so uptight abotit nudity.
— Druid Osborn

Drop That Course!

Here's a last riiriirilc reminder to all inasocliists wanting to
today i.\ the last day to do so. .-\|f

pr tlgf'rltll .‘ltl’lllsllllcfli cards must be turned itr at rfic Assembli

l.t|| located on tile sccotttl floor of tlic (‘aniptis Center by

ltrtl.

  

\\ for those procrastirtators out there \yantine to blow off
tcrt littidcnsoiiic or boring credits. you li;i\c until March

'I

In any c\crtl. remember to bring yotrr ll).
— Nancy Gleason

 

lodiry is the first day to add it course.

 

 

Kg
PAGE 'rwo

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS ‘

 

 

as...“ 45.11%- . r r . .. .. .,

 

 

 

 

[sullya news Inﬂow

FEBRUARY 2. I979

 

 

 

 

 

v. r .(s....e~-a. ..-4-.r....
» .. .... .... a

v.-r........---.r.ur.o-s-pna...--.-a....---s--wq-w-~.-w..

 

‘FSA Magazine To Be Re-Focused 

by lid Goodman
and Tom Martello

I'ticus. the SA-f‘uirded magazine.
is attempting to 'reorgani/e after
experiencing a difficult setiiester in
\tliicli only three of a planned ten
issues were published.

I:drtriis of the niagti/incattributed
financial difficulties and lack of
organization as being I‘octis' intrror
problems first semester.

"We as a group drdii’t handle

getting people together." said Focus
Managing l'ditor Gary Eiscnman.
'\ltfsl ol the people who started with
the rrraga/rnc were iiie pericnced.“

\s a result. said .senman. the
.rdicirrsrirg retcriues expected were
not raised.

llre SA budget committee
appropriated $1700 to Focus last
\pirl to publish four issues during
the Spring ‘78 semester. It then
allocated 3.4000 to ptrblish a planned

  
  

Syracuse Dome Project
source of Controversy

by Nancy Gleason

t oristrrrctron on the proposed
Syracuse l‘rrricrsity stadium that
Iltrrcd strident tempers last fall at
SltNi lfrrllalo may be delayed by
the courts. ltto weeks ago a
Syracuse community group called
lloiiicowners Mobili/cd for
l.ri\iiorinicrital Safety brought suit
oicr the controversial $40 million.
partially state ftrnded complex.

According to an t * 'tant to
Asscriiblynraii Melvin Zinimer (the
l)cntricr:itrc Assembly
rcprcscntatite for the Syracuse area)
tltc group filed suit iii an attempt to
rrttllrly torincr Environmental
torisertation Commissioner l’ctcr
Itcrlc‘s waiver of the environmental
ttrrpact study which is a prerequisite
for any such construction.

Last November. however. it was
not the environmental issue that
provoked the protest by ISOOSUNY
Buffalo students when Governor
(juicy campaigned at the University
Cillllllllb.

Ilic Buffalo picketters used the
trovcrnor‘s authorization of SIS
million for tire stadium at privately—
owiied Syracuse Universityto point
rip the need to complete SUNY

 

Buffalo‘s unfinished Amherst
cttlllptls.
SUNY Buffalo (iraduate

Student Association President Joyce
f’rnn said there were
"cstrcrirefy . with the
(rmcrrior‘s decision to give a private
rrnncrsrty fifteen million dollars of
state money for such a project while
students at Buffalo were forced to
put up with gym facilities described
as "totally inadequate."

l'rnri said. " I here are other places
that money could have gone."
lloitctcr. according to
Asscriiblynran /.irtinrcr‘s assistant
the money allotted for the stadium
\\tIIIltl not have gone to SUNY
Buffalo eten if it had been denied to
Syracuse University.

"In say that if the $l5 million

  
 

hadn‘t been used to ftrtid the
Syracuse pi irrcct. it would have been
used to build a riewgyrii at UBsimply
not accurate It wasn‘t an ‘eitber or‘
choice." the assistant said.

“hen the stadium complex was
first proposed to the legislature last
year. it was presented as an
ccorioriirc development program
that \\titlltl help boost the Onondaga
t ortrity cconorrty. “Money for such a
project." the assistant said. “did not
come otit ol the SUNY budget."

Supporters of the project argued
that it would generate hundreds of
terripuiai‘y constructionjobs as well
us create it few hundred new
pcrtiraricrrt Jobs. I'hcy also pointed
out the the stadium would greatly
flflpl't)‘-L‘ the service and tourist
industries by bringing in more
people to the Syracuse service and
tourist industries by bringing in
more people to the Syracuse area.

" I he economic improvement
argument was convincing." said the
assistant. "and they (the legislature)
\\t..'lIl along."

liiadditiontolhcdomcdstadium.
the proposed complex will include ti
rieti Student Center and a
continuing Education Center.

to deal with opposition from
those who felt that state funds
should not he used to itnprovc
lacrlrtics at a private university.
supporters pointed out that
Syracuse Uirirersity is closely related
to the State University system. Both
the State opcrtrted College of
Izritrronrncntal S_cierice and the
lrpslttfc Medical ('entcr are located
.it the ltllnL'f'Slly. /.immer'sa .' ant
said flint the Continuing Iiducatioii
t ciitcr aritl the sports facilities
world also be servingstatc students.

/.irnrncr's assistant said that New
iiiik State will also be benefiting
Irorir the new Syracuse complex. In
return for thc $l5 million dollar
rate will be receiving 20
lie facilities annually. It
.rrlllllltlr‘r/ on [lilac/1W

 

grant. the .'
days use of

:0 issues for the Fall ‘78 and Spring
'7‘) semesters. '

"I‘oeus got screwed because the
SA budget committee didn't know
\rfirrt they were doing.“ said fornter
I:.\ectrli\e Editor Jay (iissen. who is
currently Managing Editor of the
Albany Student . After its
initial eritlitrsrasm over the new
publication. SA gave Focus little
support. according to (iissen.

Izrscrinrari said that the funding
Iroin SA for this year was
"unrealistic".

SA from the inaga/inc‘s budget at
the end or last semester due to
bureaucratic problems‘ on Focus.
but it “as released for use on
January .ll. '

"l’eoplc took it (the budget free/cl
lot more than it rerrlly was." said
l..\cctitr\e Lditor Bob ()‘Brian. “A
lot of them thought Focus was going
to ltrld."

"We were catching flack after the
Pope issue." said Eisenrnan.
referring to a coter story irt which
the riiriga/rne parodied the selection
if the Pope. "I'Iierc were many
complaints lgttcss SAsttwthat we
weren‘t getting student support and
starting claiming failure."

Eisenman said that the magazine
rtin a deﬁcit of $2000 last semester.
Foeus‘ financial situation is
uncertain for this semester. A SA
decision on 21 Focus budget
appropriation request will be known
by tile date of the publication ol'this
semester‘s first issue. March I.
accordriig to tf‘Brian.

SA is considering the budget
request and reviewing Focus‘ past
record. according to SA President
l'ritrl I-eldrnan. Feldman said that

 

" it

—~
4.—

 

 

 

.--..n r »‘ ‘1

II I

 

 

“any staff members of Focus feel tlial the lack of organization and
advertising revenue is a main source of their problems.

S.r\‘s main concern is the inaga/irie‘s
rricoriie fine and student interest in
I iIL'Ifs.

lack of sp cc was another
problem plaguing Focus last
scriicstcr.

"It is drflrctilt to run a magaline
iiitliour a place to work out of.“ said
trscnriian. "It wnsliterally runout of
rfic arr  I‘octrs now hasan office. btit
tlicr c are no telephones. accordingto
frscriiitttlt.

l ocus Managing Iiditor Rob Blair
Silltl that there are nrrincrous
prod rrctiori and bureaucratic
piolilerns within the organilation.
due to a general lack ol'commitment.

Reorgaiit/atioii is tindcrway.
according to liisenman. who said
.lltll “the people who complain

about the magazine should join us'
and help make changes. For
c\.rirrplc. a student carite tip after our ‘
t'rrpc issue and complained she
rri.idc sortie suggestions. wrote a
good article and became associate
lL‘tllllIL' editor."

the motor ftirictiriii of Focus when
ll began ptrlilrcatronlast April was to

pioiidc a feature and literary
irraga/rnc an alternative
publication. lltc publication was

net with a lot
.iccording to lllau.
three to four issues are planned
or this seriiestcr.
"there still is a demand for a
.tutlcnt iiiaga/tiie on campus." said
i Isclltllilfl.

of enthusiasm

Ora-Campus Vandalism Increasing "

by Michele Israel

l‘laitt Superintendent Ira DcVoe
has stated that a lack of student
responsibility is seen as the main
cause of the estimated one-half
million dollars spent annually to
repair vandalized SU NYA property.

“Most students at other
urtrter'srltes sign some type of
contract." |)cVoe said. “agreeing

that if they destroy something. they
are liable for the damages. For
esarnple. student must pay a fee for
all broken property. lliat procedure
rsn‘t ciilorccd hei‘c."

 

/\ rcccritly reported incident of
\aridalism involved the
clciators in Colonial Qirad's
l.i\rngstori lower. According to
(bet llioriitrs of the Plant

rrrtt_|or

False Fire Alums Spread Concern

byBob Blitsenslein I
'l be number of false fire alarms is
on the rise. but according to
Assistant Director of Public Safety
("ail Schar'l. stepsare currently being
taken to extinguish the problem.
I’larit Superintendent Ira l)cVoc
has stated that if lack of student
responsibility IS seen as the main
cause of tlic cstiriiated oiic—lrrrll
million dollars spent annually to
repair \rtnrlttlr/ctl SIINYA piopcrtv.
Here at SllNYA. the
false lirc rllillllIS is on the rise. but
according to Assistant Director of
I’ttblic Safety t'arl Sclrtirl. steps air:
t‘IIllL‘llll)‘ being taken to extinguish
the problem.
Between I‘)'/2—|‘)7I.
rant false alarms on
.itcrage of slightly ovevei llff) pct

nttrrrbct' of

there were

L‘iIIIlleS. illl

\ctrr. Scharl sflltl. Last semester
.rlotrc. Ilierc \\clc I ll lrtlscalarriisoii
t.‘iIfIl|)IIS.

Sclrarl said that SlINYA recently

purchased glass windows to install
on the present fire alarms in the four
qtrad towers and in the downtown
:tiriiptis dorms. Willi these “two
stage altit‘rn boxes". Scliarl said. a
student would lltlt‘L' to first break the
glass “fill the attached liariimer and
their reach in and pttll the alarm.

He said that fire University of
Bridgeport has installed these boxes
and the number rrl false alarms have
ilr rrppcil by tr\L‘l' K0 percent. Scbai‘ls
.rrlilcrl tlittt Itcc\pccts tIic_bo.scs to be
Ill use by lllt' beginning of the fall
\L‘lllt’SlL'I.

t)ii lrttltrrri ()trttd. Iir‘c
.t\\rfft'l|t'\S lirislt'rs will be put up
\\|lll|f| tlrrcc wcclts. according to
t_rri.rrl Director Jack Srrr'rcririe. lllt'sc
irrll \\.rr ri students of possible areas
of turf lrrcs and of the consequences
of l‘t'llll’ trlllt'lll ptrllrngrr lalsctrltri'rir.
which air .rrrtorirtrtrc riidrcial lirraril

stifcf y

lt’lt rr.rl .rrirl llrrs‘flflt' arrest
|l.rrr|r-st lirt “\rlrarlszrirl. \tzt‘tSlnic

t)tr;id \ylrrcli find 40 false alarms. IS
in Izastrnan lower. l'attic Snyder.
State ()iiad director. said that she
doesn't know why the quad has bad
\tl many false alarms. a subject that
has It rrstiated many staff tncittbers.
She does not feel that the large

number of freshmen and
stiplltlflltllcS on the quad is
IL'\|)tlll.\fl)lL‘ for the high tottrl

because they have yet tocatclt any of
the people who have pulled false
alarms.

t oloriral has had 3} false alarms.
lrrdtari 2i. and Dutch IZ.

Scliarl said that in all three cases.
rfic tower has had more false alarms
than any low rise building. (‘olonial
erarl'r. I.i\irigstoii lowur had ‘) false
rlrrrnis. nlirlc L‘linton Ifall lirrd the
highest total for a low rise with if. ()n
llltllflll Quad. Mohawk toacr'lrad l0
I.r|-.c .r|.trrri‘. \tlirlc luscar‘ora lIall
trad ,f, Stuyvesant tower on Dutch

ritllllllllt'r/ mr [rainy/ire

l)c[ttfrlfllt.'fll. two elevators wcrc
repaired on a l‘riday and vandalized
rfic followrrig Monday and 'l‘ticsday
causing "sctcral hundred dollars
dtritttrgc."

('olonral ()uad Board Member
Mitchell Scfiulnian said that Quad
Board representatives riiet with
f)c\ tie to discuss the problem.

Sclitilritan said that ' idalisin is
encouraged \ihcrr repairs are only
partially coriiplcted. “ I’Itc elevators
were in perfect shape two years ago."
said Schulman. "If they wcrc
restored to their original condition.
maybe there would be a reduction in
vandalism.“

 

The Environmental Decisions
(‘oriimissioii which deals with all
physical aspects of the university
Ctlllilllllllll)’:_lh now attempting to

   

  

sill\t.' rfic \tindafism problem.

t oriiriirttcc tiienrbcr 'l‘om
fioirnelly said that a special budget is
appropriated each year for damages.

llir: problem arises when things are
dtritragcd sooner than expected and
lands are not available."

floirriclly crtcd furniture as an
r,’\tllll[llL‘. "Money is set aside for
iIIIIIIIIIIC. assuming that repairs
riori‘t he ricccssaryfor five years. But
rtrrrrrtttic is usually damaged sooner
than that and the tnorrcy just isn't
there."

l)tllllIL‘ll_\. who has met with a
number of tidrnrntstrators iii the past
silftl tfiar. "Right now there‘s a great
need for peer pressure." He added.
liiittc\et'. that there is no solution to
the \andalrsrii problcrii at the present

.tirric.

  
   

A recent rash of false alarms has prompted an Increased fire safety

campalgn on all the quads.(Photo:Bob Leonard)

 

FEBRUARY 2,1979

ALBANY S'I‘UDI‘JNII' PRESS 

.‘Atir. lIINI‘T

 

 

   
   
   
     
   
     
       
        
     

.“l

 

l

‘

     
     
     
        
 
 
  

 

    

  

