 

 

 ...» escalates... .1:Taugwfeffisur  .  . .\..  .  l

 z  -  A ' ,   ‘  , COLLEGE ISATIME  V ’  I M g
 ‘ ' OFMANYFIRSTS . -  O . ‘The Edito'r I. g g
i
i

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

I ‘ o wondering Where you fit in? This Week The St . A
. worried about v0“! relationships? dent Notebook Pr: 0:71:12:- 5. 1979

. have questions obolut high control, ﬁsts ah cgllebralory
Goe'xua n. ‘ etot e ' iocolate Feature: The Rus-   ' e
, V.D..hom it” Chip Cookie. Regis- sians have landed O , ‘ ‘ .
‘ “ (“W/m9 up can be a terrible thing to happen to a kid.

We’ve all experienced it, or are experiencing it, or will
soon, but that doesn’t make it any easier to take, just like

   

  
 
 
   

7 4:8" or visit the V _ ‘ 'I h tration stands accused Dutch Quad. They’r

   in Cafe mericain, and in Hot Licks and exchange student
8  , Rhetoric we meet Eb and Flo. Read all here to study Eng -
three columns on page 4a. lish and observ I i

a different special v   American modes and anners. Corres. 32;:an that ‘evetryboldy is going to die doesn’t make
.   LISTEN". .    Pondent Bob Blau investigates the situa- . any eaSler o ta e.
Fri Oct.5 & Sat. Oct. 6 1
opens October 2 in, 105 Schuyler Hall

. “on. Read about them on Page 5a. But we endure the pain, the rigorous years of adjusting i,
' Centerfold: perry to an alien enwronment. childhood is brief and precious '
9P -   on Dutch Quad
featuring M&M, original folk tunes 457.8015

is a boy, He wears like a firey comet. it streaks across the dawning horizon
ragged clothes and of our lives and is gone. Onlythe afterglow remainsJ

doesn’t really bathe. Sound & Vision: , ' ' ' ~ - - w .' 
The other kids dom SH” going strong me Our reward in the end, it is told to us, is the nobility of y ,

  
  
 
 
  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

like him. But Perry their 13th album, CM ladulthood. l-3einglgrown-up, taking charge, responsibility' .
doesn’t mind. He plays pinball and runs a- case is a brash, brazen [are the rallying Cnes that get us through the battle- Bu} 35'  ‘
round. He gets into fights, though he ain’t a and streetbrawlin -  . With any gain, We must surrender a valuable possessmn. i
      fighter. Jay Gissen met himawhile ago. 6a group. Their 13ih may . The war inevitably ends, and we almost inevitably win, a
' as part of Parents Weekend beaPOP hitchurner.unliketheearlieriazz ‘ we mature. in this grown-up world, we meet Fate. We

"’Ck Ventures'bm'hey Stil'haveme’aw had been spared Fate as children, but there’s no

9 , l
W” S  F.   edge that keeps them Sham Page 83‘ sanctuary in magic fortresses or bespirited islands when i

 

 
 
 
 
  
 
   

 

 

 

 

 

  
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 

Sound & Vision: ‘
7:30 and 930 “D f N R t ” “We See“ “‘9 60’” Wieser growiil'r F d w t l
- ver es s mercials.Blindbidding ' we re eine. ree' om. e se up governments,
Friday 6 ense e is an unfair practice sound 8, Vision; which invent dictionaries which give us meaning to
October 5 The nations most distinguished lawyer has defended H in the movie industry. David Live-ln a per- words that got jumbled in the transition between
E Patricia Hearst and the Boston Strangler ‘ ‘H it forces thegtre own- Zonaldintterlviev:2 coir  childhood possibility and adult tension. The United 
 ers opayrenta eeson moviest eyaren't We a ‘3 “3W States the most stubbornly optimistic nation thate
a % ., allowed to see. But the movie distributors lnn David Johansen. ’ r W!
  1 3 refuse to change the syslem. Fair? SeeSa. CX  D0”, and CLlr' “ 4, ‘ coaQUIated has .use.d Materlal succgsé  
7.30 and 9.30 0 mm veteran supersia (“he Freedom.That this might be a contradiction in terms
. S . 8 z 3  talks to Cliff Sloan onlivin', lovin', and the does not slacken us from pursuing the Great Suburban
atm day Albany University  Fiction: Walter has road' Caleb ["5 a“ 0“ Page 93- Drearri, not a bit, riot until we catch ourselves Sitting in i .
October 6 TiCkets on sale Oct  2th a problem In fact he the driveway playing With our automatic garage doors 5:

has several. Thewe and counting T.V. antennae as Frederick Exley did inA

 

 

i in CC. Lobby and SA Contact Office

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

his friends. The W . . _ Fan’s Notes. In the Soviet Union they define Freedom as
liggﬁ‘gmfrsgi/out I $1.50 with tax card 2.50 without tax card u: Mde his aneuﬁ’ion  $03533: Sacrificing Freedom to the State. All efforts are put l
' unduly» 3 tickets per tax card SA Funded , nd distracted him to sen is this week's toward one gigantic organism where the individual is as.
. ‘ confusion_ The Friends of Waller Caster. poem on 10a. Asp- free as a ribosome or an organelle. It is an efﬁcient l
nax are bleedin’ Polyphrenial- The Story eds ‘5 accepting system,no individual is allowed the caprice of wanting :
I can be found on Page 108- poem5_a“d 59”” for . ' more than he needs, therefore no waste. And the'state is
upcommg edmons’ 5° brmg us your work always ready, for those unfortunate enough to need re-

to Room 323 on the third floor of the

Campus Center. In the Aspects mailbox. education! to deﬁne want and Need'

Diversions: Do you What the US. thrives on, for better or worse, is what
know what Roddy the USSR tries to suppress — hope. Hope can defy Fate.
it returns to us the possibilities ofchildhood. It keeps our
,minds charged, our hearts leaping, our dreamsalive. But
Hope, the last of Pandora’s gifts, is also a demon. With
iHope dangled in front of us we become eager to be led by
5Fate towards doom or destiny. .
And in the end, maybe it is best that wanye don’t

 

McDowall’s first role , _ --
Diversmns: Have a

Why Are We Marching On
was? if you do, or even
 w hi 1: 7     2i°:.'im:..i‘::;“5:‘:
“   ‘ weeks ana Time grades? Troubled by

might intrigue you. Alli:  present:i mom/suite/dorm
live concerts, great o ra 10 s ows, an mates? Stricken by

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

m0“?- A” (if this and “Has on Page lla‘ the dervish throes ofamore? WellAspects ' ' ‘
Because . . .“Gays and Lesbians represent the may minority in this country against whose existence has “‘9 answer- Write to Dear JeSSica' l52;?feofalbuinlsi:hlik’liiiddownglzziirdi tgltihteheolzizt
there are laws. Thirty states in this nation still have laws making illegal the physical expression of love that Aspirin for Headadws and HearmCheS' 'redegmer saviour Hope 9 ’ y
women feel for women and men feel for men." The Nation 0070/ MJTE/i RAISES 4’ ’ .

 

 
  
  

In this issue we hope you’ll be alarmed by our columns,

H15 "CIGAR: AND TOUCNES ' _ . _ _
intrigued by the article on Russmn students right here on

ll CONCEALFD BUTTON

HIGH ATOP STUYVESANTT
TOWER,THE STRANGELY ,

   

 

 

Because . . .“The assault on the fundamental rights of Gaysnand Lesbians not only continues but has IGARBED FIGURE CALLING HIM llT irs BASE. . . Dutch Quad and fascinated b the account of pen a

substantially increased recently. A.C.L.U. Biennial Conference 6-19- 79 SELF DUTCHMASTER PLANS I most fascinating kid and toythose Who know 
Because . . . Congressman Larry McDonald, D-Georgia, has proposed House Concurrent Resolution iidiéeiqnaniiRSSW/i’irgimll // lunéoif'e'tabhpi-L'LSOk mmdalIDFJfou‘r featuYrelseCtlori'i: sounld
166 which concludes it is the sense of Congress that homosexual acts and the class of individuals who I CAN HE BE STOPPED? ~ ’ an ls'on, lc'lon’ aln Versions. 'ou may 'l e’l’ls. n
advocate such conduct shall never receive special consideration or protected status under law." ‘ '* ONLY BY - E ‘M/ T ‘ ‘the words Of Pierce nvamty’ Keep it Bouncmg.
Because . . . The basic human rights of Lesbians and Gays are not protected in this nation. in New York .  ’3  [3 0 A BKTON WHIlCii 7
State, in Albany or EVEN HERE AT THIS UNIVERSITY. . V ' skiing. A Brim or THE BEAM S Ct

BUI .. aw inn [)0 1r Diésri’eucnvr ENERGY TEARS A GAPING HOLE IN THE
W TIME .7 EARTHls/ARD.’ ' SOFT EARTH or m5 counrmno... ' -

 

 

THE FOUR RACE FOR THE DOOR... BUT  WHO Editor

' . l  F [XI’LOSION ALERTS ruii
 [GIN The Sum“ GAY AND “53”” MUANCE   ' mommies THESE Four BRAVE 

    
 

"1‘ WI  gig—E We 6mm YOUNG MEN ? WHAT [Wk/[RS Design 8.: Layout
In the NATIONAL MARCH ON WASHINGTON l  , ,  l    “-
‘ .__- -_ v:  I, ‘ : Viz/“frgﬂi/C/r  THEY ACQUIRE THEM? Concept

      
   
 
 

inlINlliD l lit!

  

- .‘  / (“a FIND OUT NEXT WEEK, Gissen and Mairanga

 

SUNDAY, OCTOBER 14th, 1979

r [w irYlli/lM , \ ~ » i _ , .

i iiii/iirihuli (WING . _ IX A5 IHE  PRESENTS. Columns: Richard Behar. Bob O'Brian, Steve Ostei

 “nummu’m’ / 4 ' FOR THE FIRST TIME IN Staffwritcrs: Bob Blau, Rube Cinque, Jim Dixon: Adrienne

‘i' PRINT THE  McCaiin, Kiithy Pcrilli, Bob O'Brian, Mark Rossier, Clifl Sloan,
‘ l

m Laurel Solomon, Audrey Specht, Hy Stadlen, Craig Zarider
OF “ME:  Graphics: Evan Gill'ber, Lisa Gordon. Aitaiia Majerfeld

Or come to our Meetings, TUESDAYS at 9:00 p.m_ CC 313   p  S  I]; ‘ I
/ \ hairy" E u ” ivcrsions: iiiccnt ie 0 I
«ix  lr @MR.QE 0 v A u ?

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

