Why ‘
Jimmy
Should
Throw
in

the

(Bathroom) Towel

by Mark Rnpplport

Brrrring. Brrrring.

“Honey. would you get the phone:" came
l voice from within the shower. “And if it‘s
for me, l'm not home."

Brrrring. Brrrring.

Rosalyn lifted her sleepy head off tlte satiit
-i|low and reached for the phone with art iri-
riitctive reﬂex.

"llello. No. he's not ltere. He's already
eti for work. No. he won't have arty time to

talk about his campaign today...Surc. you
sun talk to me. You can come here for coffee
in eleven." She returned the reeceiver
carefully to its cradle. ' '

“Who was on the photte dear?“ inquired
the voice underneath the dripping toch iliat

emerged from the bathroom.

“Just a wrong number. l laid out your liliie
‘tlll. Hurry or you'll he late for work.” Jim-
tty dressed quickly arid after dowrtittg a bowl
of grits and a glass of skim milk. hopped iitto
the awaiting litttoiisinc attd sped down l’cnit-
sylvania Avenue.

Ding Dong. Ditig Dortg.

“l llget it." Rosalyn called out to one of

ilie household staff. Slte opened the door to "

reveal an energetic young titatt dressed in blitc

tlenirns and a beige corduroy jacket, Under

his arm he held a black vinyl portfolio.

"Good morning. Mrs. Carter, l'ni
lloward Tanner. the history student from
(image Washington University."

"Oh yes. please come in." Howard strut-
ted into the main sitting rooin anti flung ltis
|\ooks aitd papers on a nearby ottoman. lztt-
!iiisiasm buzzed throughout ltis body. trink—

' ng it virtually impossible for him to retain
my sort of respectable eontposurc. while iit
:he presence of the First Lady. Rosalyn had
barely settled herself in the room when
Howard started to speak.

"It's verified attd documented. l have the
books to prove it. Now. it's all a tnatter 0!
what to do next." Howard beamed a smile as
wide as Rosalyn‘s husband's smile before he
'tecame president.

“Slow down there. Howard. what is this
all about?" Rosalyn looked puzzled.
Howard grabbed the book by his left hand
entitled The His/mitt of the Presidency and
opened it to a page he had ntarked with the
ripped half of a concert ticket. “Look.”
lloward urged. “in IBM). William Henry
Harrison was elected after whiclt titnc ltc
caught pneumonia and died one month after
ltis inauguration."

“That's very unfortunate." replied
Rosalyn witlt as nttich concern as she could
muster. She contcntplatcd how she was going
to title herself of tltis overzealous “preppic”
licl'orc ltiiiclt tintc. Howard flipped to ltis
next bookttiark.

“lit lbw. Lincoln was elected. You know
what happened to ltint itt office?" Howard
patttoinintcd a gttti with his forefinger and
thumb and pttttittg it to his temple. made the
sound of a gun shot. Rosalyn winced and
wiped a drop of projectile saliva frottt her
eye. Howard continued.

"And iit 1880. (larfield was elected and
soon after that he was shot. In I900 it was
McKinley who also died in office. Mrs.
Carter. do you see what I'm getting at?"

“No,”

“Don't you see." his zeal was showing
again. "that atiy president elected in a year
ending with a Icro-or every twenty years-has
not left his office alite. if you look itt this
hook )(ltl'll see it 's true right tip to until
tom), whiclt was the year Kennedy was
elected. .-\nd you know what happened to
him." Howard raised his hand to his head
like before aitd was just about to ittakc the
tititid of a gun shot when Rosalyn grabbed
iis hand.

“I think I get the message. Howard. Please
don‘t do that again. You made my mascara
rim." she eyed him suspiciously. “So tell me.
Howard. what‘s the point of all this?“ A
smile of knowing triumph sprung to
Howard‘s lips as he was now ready for his
coir/i rle grace of intellectual insight.

"The upcoming election is to be ltcld in

 

Justice Jumble

To the Editor:
One need go no furtlter than the second
paragraph of Steve Ostcr's article, “The Case
Against Justice." to realize that the writer ts
totally ignorant of the crintinal justice system
in this state. His criticism of what happened
itt Albany County Court during the trial of
Richard Vita and Michael Buchanan is mere-
ly an uninformed attack ‘on long standing
principles of criminal law in New York State.
Every allegation by the writer. coupled
with his non-scnsical iitnucndos. is simply an
attempt to portray the complaining witnesses
the same way defense counsel portrayed the
defendants-as innocent victims. Perhaps Mr.
Oster would ltave made a better prosecutor
than the Assistant District Attorney.
Sincerely.
David Shapiro
Albany Law School
Class of I980

Take That, Mr. Editor!!

To the I‘Idltor:

“To err is human. to forgive is divine." This
was the title to the responses aginst JSC's re-
cent vigil in November an's ASP. It was ob-
vious in reference to Mr. Ila/.ners' or to the
Holocaust itself. Mr. Editor. the Holocaust
was no error.

'l'hat firc hoses were \ltotcd down the
throats ol' .lews eyploding their stomachs was
no crror. that children were thrown directly
into the crentatot'ium fires to save money was
no crrt ‘. that Mr. lla/iicrs is reported to
have rounded tip Jews itt Latvia and supervis-
ed their systematic httrnittg iii a synagogue is
no error. that systematic experiments were
carried otit to prove the inferiority of the
“Jewish race." castrations. total laliotomies.
frec/ings. boiliiigs. pain tolerance testing,
abortions on women 8 and 9 tttotttlts preg-
nant. iii all of these. there was no error; that
less gas was used iii the chambers increasing

 

the expiration time from 3 to t)  was
no error.
And that it is divine to forgiit- ihL- mm. un_
, divine act in the history of iiiaiikiiitl-Mr,
Editor; tell this to my Rabbi. I can't. He saw
his wife and three children torttried to dealt.
with blow torches. Tell him that this was an
error and tell him. Mr. liditoi. to litrgitc'
~.\ltllc l)isick

Have We Learned?

To the Editor:

To deal with all of the perspeciiies and
questions raised by JSC-llillel‘s \igil would
at this point be burdensome a. minim...
However, there are some L'tttlt'cllh that we, as
coordinators of the vigil and as .lt’ws , rut-1
must be stated before the new "crriiipus
issue" takes hold of the paper.

We do owe an appology to the tampri» iit
so far as the issues behind \‘tlis lltt/llt‘lsl cast-
and Nazi war criminals in :\lllL‘llLrt were not
discussed or presented betoie we lttl\crliscd
the vigil. However, the resources tll lSt‘.
Hillel are not so vast as one ctllllpltllllttlll has
assumed. Until this became a etiiiiroieisy at
a result of the advertisements. lllls wut to”.
sidered as another of many L'\L'lll‘~. ptogtarm
and committee meetings which we plan and
run continually.

However. there is no doubt in out minds
that we had the legal arid moral right to hold
the vigil in the tnanner and form that we did.
As ltas been explained in the tcteiit ttllicit's
and columns. the United States gotcrriiiieni
and Judicial system has handled strtli cmcs
with imprecision arid lllL‘lllL‘lL‘llc't [lime
cases ltave been subject to llllcl\t.‘ttllttll .tiid
ttncooperativeiiess by lllt.‘ (|-\. lltl. .md
otltcr governtttcttt agencies l‘L‘etille' they
choose to protect these war Clllllllltll». Uiite
again ottr government has shown ll‘ :itillttl
torpitudc aitd once again its clllt’tlr .tlt‘
demanding action.

We don't believe. as Sli/Jltli‘: \l.tiiiio
stated in ltcr letter to the L'tlIl-It. that the
world has grown and learned train the
atrocities of the Holocaust:

-Not when former Ugandan l’icsitlt-nt \miii

 

 

I980. right? That‘s twenty years siitcc 960.
Right'.’ And I hear word that the incumbent
has a good chance of winning."

“He sure does."

“This is. of course. if Ted Kennedy
doesn't get the Democratic nomination."

“Are you trying to say that if Jimmy runs
itt I980 aitd wins. he'll die iit office?"

“i didn't say that. History did." Rosalyn's
face turned a shade of pale that made her or-
dinarily lily-white skin look tau by cont-
parisoit. Site found herself iii a dilemma: lf
Jimmy Carter wins the election again. his

~days are iiunibereih But how could llt‘ do
anything httt rttn l'oi‘ presidettt'l. slic tltolls'hl
Almost as if he had been reading ilt'l mind
Howard came tip with a suggestion: "He
could run for vice-president. After .ril, look
what it did for Johnson."

Rosalyn's tnood perked tip like the tuflcc
waiting to be served to her guest. llelorc
Howard could close his book oi presidents.
Rosalyn was on the phone.

Brrrring. Brrrring.

“Hello. Joan. this is R07. Has 'l eddy pick-

 

 

 

 

itt I
i, ii In
itrti IN“

 

 

HOLD L006
‘KOU

\

MIT-
“06 .7

r lil\ttti

 

r III\ It tr |t ‘ t'itl‘ll’l
W | lo, [hill ' lli'tlt'di

ed a running mate for next year yt
‘-

I want KW-
-’ mt) THEM

 

 

 

. been,
~ Lord,
you gotta

serve somebody

 

 

 

