 

Diplomacy 8t Patience

 

by Gary Silverman , .

This past weekend the lranian people
voted on a new constitution. included were
provisions guaranteeing the people freedom
from oppression by a tyrannical ﬁgure.
Clearly, this statement was intended to pro-
tect against a regime as exploitative as that ol‘
the Shah. Yet also in this new constitution
was an article giving the Ayatollah Ruhollah
Khomeini full and complete power over the
country until his death. It therefore appears
that the statement of the peoples' freedom
and the Ayatollah's new power are quite con-
tradictory, for it would seem impossible for a
country founded on democratic principles to
make one man absolute leader until death.

Obviously the people of lran, as well as
many Americans, believe the Ayatollah is a
fair man who would not become a dictator
even with his newly aquired power. Unfor-
tunately this is not the case. The new ruler
has become a tyrant. He has murdered
thousands of his opposition, disgraced the
lslamic world. forced all government of-
ficials to conform with his views. prompted
violence which lead to the takeover of the
American Embassy. and now persists in try-
irtg to blackmail the United States.

iiut what this mart does not realize is that
the United States is a proud nation. it would
never submit to blackmail, nor would it stiﬂe
the adverse opinions of political dissent. as
seen in iron. The Ayatollah refers to the U.S.
in terms of a people oppressed by its political
elite. Yet when scarchittg for a situation such
as this on the world from, one needs only to
look at the Kurdish massacre irt which the
lrttninns smashed the hopes of a small sect to

gain their political nutotnony. Does the
Ayatollah alien"): to Justify the murder of
these people and the systematic execution of

political prisoners by citing the barbaric ac-
tivity of the Shah‘s regimc. It certainly poses
the question as to witctlicr the Ayatollah is
any less a murderous fanatic than the Shah.
As religious leader of his Shiite. lslamic
sect. thcv Ayatollah proclaims himself as it
man of god. He had stated on numerous oc-
casions that his involvement in the new
government would be purely on a
religious level. But as the situation provcs,
this is not correct. He seems to have given tip
his religious beliefs and become a politician.
Hc hires and fires members of government
when they do ttot agree with him attd he went
as far as to condone the takeover of the U.S.
Embassy. Considering the fact no religious
sect in the world would promote an act of
Violence or kidnapping. theoretical implica-
tions of the Ayatollah's action seem to sug-
gest a lack of faith towards basic humanistic

and ethical principles. Khomeini's attempt to
hide behind the shrowd of religious convic-
tion must now be unveiled to expose a tyran-
nical ﬁgure.

Politically, the Ayatollah's beliefs seem to
be quite extreme. He has stated his demands
and refuses to compromise. lran has con-
demned the United Nations as a pawn of the
U.S., and will not bca part of its attempts to
resolve this matter. When iran's foreign
minister Bani Sadr was willing to be part of
the U.N. negotiations he was removed from
ofﬁce and replaced by a "hard-liner" who
would never be part of a compromise. it
would appear that the new constitutional
government of lran is only as free (to make
policy) as the Ayatollah will allow it to be.
And in the course of the revolutionary
government's brief history it has seen two
prime ministers and three different foreign
ministers. Iran’s shaky government does not
reflect the views of a democratically free na-
tion but rather a dictator, whose words send
the people running to the streets crying for
war and vcngcnccn.

Thc Ayatollah is holding the world
hostage. He threatens tltc peace and well be-
ing of the world. and his actions ltave
brought about outraged condemnation. Even
frotn within the Arab world criticism has
been raised. (Egyptian President Anwar
Sadat has called Khomeini a "lunatic".)
Khotncitti refuscs to yield to any type ofcom-
promises. lie is training his people for war
and prcparittg them for martyrdom. The
Ayatollah has stated that the U.S. hasn‘t the
guts to use military force. This pious man
refuses to make himself accessible to in-
dividuals seeking a'pcaceful end to this-con-
Iﬂict. and in fact makes statements that could
lIlCllC will.

The U.S. is constantly accused of being a
“war-mongering" state; but when we finally

seek a diplomatic cttd to a conflict of such

consequence. we are slapped in the face and
tttrncd away. The Ayatollah is not a
reasonable man. His cause may appear
glorious, bttt his actions are by no means less
titan barbaric. He persists in calling for the
return of the Shah while continuing to
threaten the lives of American citizens. Kho-
meini must realize that no end will come from
this conflict while the lives of Amcricarts re-
main in peril.

'l‘hc prerequisites of the position that the
Ayatollah will occupy iii the new government
requires that he be “just, pious enlightened
and competent to manage political affairs."
Yet he has proven that he rarely exhibits any
of these qualities. The Ayatollah seems in-
capable of rurttting a democratic govern-

 

Islamic Terms

To the Editor:
Well it's about time. it took the threaten-

ing of 62 Americans to teach us a lesson. A
powerful lesson. The power of lsiam.

What is happening today in lran ts no new
development in Middle Eastern politics.
Time magazine called it the "Rise of lsiam".
in a special issue after the fall of the Shah.
lsiam hasn't risen like the Moonies or some
other religious movement that is special tn
nature. lsiam has always been a prevalent
factor in the lives and politics of Middle
Eastern peoples. Khomeini isn't an lslamic
evangelist preaching the word of Allah to the
ignorant masses. His lslamic restrictions
aren't any different than those of King
Faisal, Quadafﬁ, Saladin. or Mohammed.
lsiam has been prevalent throughout the
political, social, and religious histories of
Muslim countries.

Why has lsiam survivcd’l One reason that
is prevalent in the writings of many Middle
Eastern experts is that Arab societies are ex-
tremely traditional in nature. When one
travels outside of any major lslamic city (for
example, Cairo) you can still see the Fellahin
(peasants) who are living an agricultural life
similar to that of their ancestors who lived
tltcrc centuries before. These people, the vast
majority, are untouched by the scculariration
that catnc with the modernization in the Mid-

 

 

dlc East. They live itt close contact with
lsiam.

lsiam manifests itself both in the domestic
and international politics of lslamic coun-
tries. Birth control programs in Egypt have
failed due to their confrontation with lsiam.
The Egyptian government encourages birth
control. while the local Muslim clergy tell the
peasants to have ntorc children; quoting the
Koran. Islam is also a major factor in any
understanding of the Arab-lsracli conflict. A
Jordanian writer, Abdallah Al-Tall, wrote
that “The probletn of Palestine is religious
and sacred. and any attempt to deal with it
which is not based on Jihad (Holy war) is
dootncd to failure."

 

~_

ment. ()ur return of the Shah would only
rcsult itt his immediate execution serving only
to uppcttsc tltc lranian mob. President
Carter's use of quiet diplomacy shows he is
level-headed arid able to hattdle a problem
such as this. His decision not to use force or
set a final date for tire return of the hostages
revcals a humanitarian inclined towards a
peaceful resolution.

. President Carter has proven himself as it
Just tiittti. ltc has chosen to use the United
Nations and the world court as his weapons
for combating this probletn. lie is to be corti-
mcnded for his actions. So. maybe it's titnc
for thc Ayatollah to do the satire. In the past
few months ltc has proven his villarty

possibly now (witlt his new position) he could
work just as hard in the opposite direction

Khomeini's new title, and the people of tran.
ex ect him to he ‘ust and cnli 'htcttcd. A 'usi

   

 

 

   
 

 

Th idea of the Jihad is not only dircded
against lsracl, it is directed against all non.
lslamic nations. in the Koran, sum Ix
(Repentance v. 29) it clearly states that at]
those who do not “follow the religion of
truth.” lsiam, will be "brought down town
until some type of "tribute" is paid.

And the non-lslamic West is paying um
tribute. U.S. etnbassy attacks in Muslim
countries and threatened cutoffs of oil are all
manifestations of a Jihad against the United
States. '

lslamic states don't think in nice even
political terms of dollars and cents,
adherence to international Law, or Ctirterian
human rights policies. They think in lslamic
terms. The lranian situation goes much
deeper than the Shah.

 

Mark Weintraub

Co-existence

To the Editor:

We would like to say that we are sick and
tired of all the verbal abuse handed out to
disco music and its fans at SUNYA. Disco,
like rock is a separate anti now, finally
recognized form of music. Siognnr like
“Disco Sucks" and “Death to Disco“ tct'lcu
a very narrow-minded attitude on the pun of
some rock fans. Disco lovers don't attack
rock music that way, why must they do so to
disco?

Personally, we feel that what some rock
fans really have against disco is the ilitttttc and
lifestyle that goes along with it, more than the
music itself. They see it as a threat to their
ultra-casual blue-jean and T-shirt style.

As for that old argument that all disco
music sounds the same, well that's just pure
nonsense. Thc same could be said about hard
rock with its characteristic twanging plilittt
and screaming voices/trusts like Earth, Wind
and Fire. Chic, The Commodores nnd of
course, Donna Summer represent some of
the best talent to be found in any ctttcgoty of
music. Donna Summer’s “Bad Girls" l.l’ it
already viewed as a classic amontv many

music fans. and its phenomenal succcxx adds

furtlter proof to the popularity and world-
.4

man would not hold hostages. Art cnliylttctr
ed man would realize that a world lllitl \\ilfl(‘
cd so hard to condemn his actions would find

no trottblc irt condemning the ttctiott‘. ot the
Shah.

But now it is up to us to remain calm and
stand behind the government. 't how of in
who idolize thc Ayatollah must tttkt' liltll off
a pcdistal and open our eyes to thc sittittlltiil.

We must do what we can to gain tlu' snfc
release of the hostages anti in no \\.t)' tl(l
a"i’lhing that might endanger tllcir li\c\. We
must show the world we are a civilized nation
that will not allow its citizens to bc "i;tl.cll”;
while at the same time setting nn example for
world peace. But most of all. \\t' nrtnt
understand that this matter rcqttit'cs titttit‘tlct'.
“Perhaps more patience." U.S. Ain-
bassador D.F. Mchnry points out. "till!"

 

 

 

 

FEIFFER

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

mr Ftt’tl’ W ﬂux/(IF

 

 

 

 

AHOLDT pupposg . - we w' m m'”

APPugC’ $I’%/OCO. %KHQA§SFJFIG COM/Amen? 1 3, W, ,m

“3' \ Lost) ’8 Moira-mu / gig.“ grunts“
' aunb 72in-

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

gg—‘geiéfs iAV'ZfROST' Parsons
- 7 EM KlS5/L366E‘ b THE pa 9 ac. , .
t [HE PEPSI COLA REFER;  JCCWAUOU.” AFTER‘ﬂgQ pptrrtw
“mam”, “we ‘ L”le t L»: klAIDK’ innit /
/ 061/0 1
r / ’
1
» i
' "G’RNMWm' v
1 1,1“, t..;,i,t:/ m l: l4 I :t l t ...t.'i:.r sin.» all" _ .t.t.t.-...t.rT—T—'t—,-r*T-T:

 

 

& C

 

L

 

 

 

 
 
      

  

are» m;

areers 

A Sp;cial Supplement to the Albany Student Press, December 11 1978
ubltshed by the Humanities and Fine Arts Advisement Centbr
State University of New York at Albany

 

Why a new advisement center?

Why this publication?

By JOHN SHUMAKER
Students and parents alike have expressed both interest and concern
about the nature and quality of academic advisement available at the
State University of New York at Albany. Part of the problem with
academic advisement is that the students are not aware of, or do not
take. advantage of, the excellent facilities and professional personnel
available in tlielecnter for Undergraduate Education, the Office of
Career Planning and Placement, and in the colleges. schools and
academic departments. The other part of the difficulty seems to be that
students often cannot find an academic advisor, counselor, or faculty

member with which to discuss important educational issues at the very
moment when those problems and questions arise. The Humanities
and Fine Arts Advisement Center, located in room 117 of the
Humanities Building, represents a new attempt by the faculty of the
College of Humanities and Fine Arts to make advisement services
available on a regular asls to all students on the SUNYA campus
regardless of major.

The fact of the matter is that for a wide range of academic pro-
grams or careers in business, law, government, medicine, or manage-

ment the humanities provide skills for successful functioning that are'“

  
  

l
l

k“

 

: nut-Mg“. w

 

 

