 

  
  
   
 

Fri. Dec. 7th, Sat. Dec. 8th
State Quad Cafe. 8P-M-

$1 w/tax card $1.50 w/o

    
  

  

 
  

Sophomores]!

.Applications for admission
to the I

Social Welfare Ma/or
are available/n

ULB-66

Application deadline: Dec 21,1979 for

the Fall 1980 semester.

    
       
   
 

  
   

 

      

.CAMPAIGN‘ACTION
"i " ' SEMINAR
Q at ALBANY STATE UNIVERSITY

January 26, Campus Center 375 and/or 370
For more information call Dave Campese: 2138-5933
Sponsored by College Republicans

 

 

 

 

 

’00....00......OOOOOCOOOOOOOOC.....O..

 

An Enterprising Flick

There's good news for“StarTrek"
fans: Paramount Pictures says it still
expects to open the full-length
movie about tltc crew of the
Enterprise at 800 movie tlteaters
around tlte country on Dcccmbcr7.

Tlte Deccntber 7th date is still
being planned. despite tlte fact that
some of the scenes in the filnt
involving special effects are
currently bcittg re—shot attd rc-
edited.

Paramount ltas reportedly
invested ntore tltatt $42 million to
bring Captain Kirk. Mr. Spock and
the other members of tile crew to the
movie screen.

Paramount is said to be anxious
to open the tttovie as schedttlcd itt
early December because ofadvance
guarantees tttadc by theater owners.
The 800 theaters are said to have put
up nearly $50 million itt guarantees
and  if"Slar 'l't'ck" isn't really
the theaters could file suit to teemet
much of that money.

Featherless Flavor

Here's some good news atttl bad
news from researchers at the
University of Maryland.

First tlte good news: poultry
experts say they ltave managed to
breed a featltcrlcss chicken that
produces lo percent tnore ttteat per
pound of feed. The skin-covered
birds are said to be ntore flavorful
and cheaper to feed titan feathered
chickens.

llut now the bad news: the

¥ e  e

researchers add that tltc featlterlcss
birds tcttd to catch cold rather easily.
and die.

All Alone?

A two-day symposium at the
University of Maryland. featuring
30 leading scientists. ltas reached the
conclusion that ltuntans are
probably the only intelligent
creatures living itt tltis galaxy.

Most of the astronomers tttttl
biologists in attettdttttee agreed with
the conclusion that life cvolvetl on
the earth by a series of very
itttprobabl accidcttts. Foril toatisc
elsewhere in similar fasltion. they
stated. would be rtearly impossible.

Several scientists argued that it
otiter'inteliigent creatures do c.\ist.
tltcy would hate ntade contact \\ith
its by now. 'l’ltesc scientists stated
that the lack of arty kind ol’extra-
terrestrial cotttact is evidence that
we are a unique species. totally
alottc.

However. one scientist. l)r.
(ierald l"einhurg. suggested tltcrc
may be sotttc life forms out there
that a re cotnpletclydifferettt frotn us

creatures without physical
bodies. lieinbttrg said it is possible to
conceive offorttts oflil'e based on the
organiration of energy rather than
matter. These kinds of creatures.
Feinburg sttid. would be radiative
life forms that could inhabit the
furnaces of stars.

 

LSAT/GRE/GMA’I‘

LP Counter-tit

The market for counterfeit record
albums in the United States has
reportedly reached a sales ﬁgure of
$400'million a year.

Jules Yarneli. a special consultant
tothe recordingindustry association
of America. claims that federal and
private investigators have
uncovered counterfeit records itt
“every place they‘ve gone into.“

According to Yarnell. some of the
counterfeit l.l"s were so similar to
the real itctn that many record
companies can't tell the difference

Ile says that some companies
Itave even given record stores credit
on returned l.l"s which later turned
out to be courttet'feitleopics.

Pistol Production

It you thought you‘d heard the
last of the Sex Pistols. think again.

After repeated legal ttnd
production delays. the Sex I'istol‘s
movie. titled “The (ireat Rock and
Roll Swindle." Itas been completed.

The film features pcrfortttattces
by all the forntcr members of the
band. plus a cameo appearance by
Ronald ltiggs. a membcttofthc learn
that pulled off the (ircat Train
Robbery in England.

"The Great Rock and Roll

 

eves

Swindle" is not scheduled for
release. however. until the fall oftltc
next year.

No Macs In Sight

Evert Ronald McDonald can get
his fill of hamburgers.

Chain Report, a trade magarine
of the fast food industry. says that
the staffs of all the McDonald's
restaurants in Richmond.
Kentucky. held their annual piettic
recently. attd tltat there wasn't a Ilig
Mac. Quartct'poundcr or French
Fry itt sight.

Instead. the throngs front the
Golden Arches ordered all their
food from a nearby fast food fried
chicken outlet. \thiclt prm tdcd them
with 550 pieces of chicken. five
gallons of cole slaw. five gallons of
potato salad and eight gallons of
baked beans.

When it was all wet. the chicken
eltain reportetl that it received a
gracious thank-you note signed
simply “R.M,“.

Secret Kisses" ' A ‘ '

Newly-released government
documents ittdictttc that Henry
Kissinger served as a conﬁdential
infortnant for the lilil wltile lte was

 

years ago. .

The documents in question Vbaveth
been released to Columbia :
University History Professor
Sigmund Diamond under

’ provisions of the Freedom of
Information Act.

Diamond, writing in the Nation
magazine. savs that a I953 FBI
.memo indicates that. on July to of
that year. Kissinger telephoned the
FBI‘s Boston office and requested a
meeting with an agent.

According to the memos.
Kissinger told the agent that he
would be teaching a seminar which
would be attended by 40
international scholars. Kissinger
reportedly expressed concern over
possible anti-American sentiments
that might be expressed during the
seminar. and is said to have told the
agent Ite would keep the Bureau
informed as to the progress of the
seminar.

Itt addition. one FBI memo
indicates that Kissinger admitted
opening another seltolar's mail to
stttdy its contents for possible tinti-
Anterican sentiments.

I

Pullin’ Gloves

As it halting and pttl‘t'ingalongthe
jogging trail aren‘t tough enough
already. a cotnpttny ltas begun
marketing special weight gloves for
joggers. 

‘  The Zing-gem weight gloves look
like ordinary gloves -— except for
one differettce. They carry extra
weights anywhere front 8 to 32
ounces each so that the upper part
of a runner‘s body gets a workout as
the arms churn back and forth while

teaching ttt Harvard University 20 jogging.

 

AtthLann ‘ _
Self Defense Sessmns

91am

 

 
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

. . . ' — I are Time Location ol/auzanenc/ianttng
Don t 1214 years of college ECCI 3 8:00 pm Indian Quad
.. ,l or. “,7”, go  the boards. I DecI 4 8:00 pm Colonial Quad gam/
wt" 1 ‘ I ' You worked hard In college: but, no has everyone also who’u Dec 5 8 I 00 p m S I a le Q u a d
' " taking these tam. What you need I: an edge. Our mt - - A I u m “I Q u a d
preparation com-s can be that edge. D e C I 6 8 : 00 p m
John Sexton Tim Prowler/an course: offer you distinct ad- . Dc c I 9 3 I p m D u [c h Q u a d _ “tryout g L n q 5
Vintage: In preparing for than all important tests: D c c I 2 3 I 3 0 p m P a t I o o n L o u n g e ,
OBI“, most recent mnorlnll OCaunullng D I  l 3 0 pm  rcsid e L ou n ge
but ti I I O"Livo" Instruction CL . I I I
.ts:otf:niir:fvitiac{" innit-mutual Dec. I9 4 00 pm Ftrestde Lounge was yourrecord held?
oTum Itmwﬂlon W I °:“b"'"':"’ ""“Y "mm" . Did you know about it? i
superior “entry 0 turn - 9 union: I II I I I I I I I I
IN SUPPORT OF TRUTH-IN-TESTINGI OPuctlo- mm o ILISArIgeatf/GMAT cam TuttIIIIl m 05" WOW" WU" RSLSISII(I)N:O lIiIIlIJIIN IZI‘I’I’IS II usVIIoItIow!
‘ - ow am no w isu II res: cc. ~ i ' ' ca i e i iamson
: I oompm John Sexton Course Iadvanmges with when, than Quad workshop. 30 min. consultation: 3, 457.8089
1 i for inlaimntion call For Faculty and Stuff: All Women  [3 AIR I I co M t< o R 1 A 131,];
" " ' Workers-Dec. l‘) CLO | l IL‘S!

 

 

MWJ:

TEST PREPARATION CENTERS 

869-7346 To DON'S TAXI '

0 door re wit as . .. ‘Working Hard To Make Taking A
6 m (7 ‘ a Taxi Affordable'

_._-.-__. stat:  -

____ Colonic Center to State University $1.50-$.25 extra

 to State University $2.00-$.25 extra

 

 

 
   
   

           

at
t

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

HELP TAME THE DRAGON!

Fox Theatre
Haroids Office

Brewed the sameonboth
sides of the Atlantic.

Albany Airport to State University $4.00-$1.00 extra
Renn. Railroad to State University $5.00-$1.00 extra
Schenectady to State University $6.00-$1.00 extra
Junddif’ Dec' 2 a)“; nahdﬂii’bec'j City Line(Western) to State University $1.25-$.25 extra

.4, 7" ab . PM“ ,}I Fatso Fogerty to State University $3.50-$.25 extra
Enjoy ‘1' bezwwus chum: Buﬂez we? Stuyvesant Plaza to State University $1.50-$.25 extra

Humm Chlld’eh,cs‘)irimfls (4112}! Gunter 7214235,
449-1 332

Pepper J‘z’mlr wz’z‘lr Unions, Didi} cipecz'az Lo Must,
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

to State University $2.75-$.25 extra
I652 WESTERN NE.

When: Saturday, December 1

 

Where: meet at COLLEGE OF ST. ROSE
Science Bldg. Rm. 402

M

' pnmml ltttttwuttwt ot Millet yin] i .u»
1”“ ‘ illijtly llu- lIttt' l'tttttpoiui ttt‘.it- r If
. ‘l’tfll't'tllt‘llt'dlll lll'ilitttlllliltf', ’ Intuit] ll'.lllt'y‘yt‘tlllttt‘nlllﬂ'tllllltllt
  :ttoutttt tttu world I (II about [Ito WM, m n", “mull. WII "HIHIIHIM, ,1

Time: 11 am.

Wotltt I (limit. lttlxrttt it. it ' 1
‘tl‘llilllJ "mother! from nit

  

 

 

   

Jared ;‘ Sour Brk ,Frz'ed @0ng rollspwaallcsﬁea.
Au FOR titers in. a. z'n m2 dilutes/there.
A Celebrdfiort . . . Oriental Style ‘LI

"' For Info: 457-4623
NVPIRG

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

v PAGE NINE

 

NOVEMBER 30, 1979

 

 

      

