 

 

    

 

 

Good Fri.
only
10 pm.- 2 am

 

 

482-8611

 

 

DH any large pizza
Ono coupon per [)ler’i

expires 2 am Friday night

 Fast, free delivery

57! New Scotland Ave
'Tolephona. 482 Still

'.Phone ____’—

it

 

 

 

 

 

 

“(tibia weekend

al lllt‘

. all
5““  “a;
6

 

 

 

Cutllpus Critter
S
i 63° 2 «‘5 “w
Bolt “0% Wayne Geller
“£90 0 ii” lr-(ulgulltlrulul vouilt.
. " or.le Stove Flood
‘0‘...   
Stove Krnskow
law. (1an lmckuimuul
: I-IIIII'I'ERS 
2' ‘ Brynn Dillinger
U lr’ll‘i
m"
“5“” rock, pop and country

A SELECTION OF FINE WINES
DISPENSED FROM OUR
DECORATIVE WINE BARRElj

A COMPLETE LINE
OF YOUR FAVORITE
MIXED DRINKS

.m a

- .. .._..-......v--.-.....

 

Save

f your roommate becomes

intimately acquainted with

Irving and Annie, that

roommate may some day save

your life. Who are Irving and

Annie, you may ask. They are mannikins

used in the cardiopulmonary

resuscitation (CPR) program sponsored

by the Albany Area Red Cross and the'
Physical Education Department. _

Using the mannikins, participants

'aciice mouth-to-mouth breathing and

ther ﬁrst aid techniques. They are taught

Wendell Heddon

how to handle respriatory and circulatory
emergencies in infants and adults,
including cardiac or respiratory arrest.
and airway obstruction.

What does Bob J. Davis, coordinator
and instuctor for CPR and First Aid at
SUNYA, consider the purpose of the
program? “The purpose is two-fold. The
ﬁrst is to train as many people as possible
in the CPR. The second is to train
instructors. That is a very important part
of it." .
.According to Davis, funding for the
CPR program comes through the ﬁve

Idols of

 

continued front page 3a

won your hearts.

But I know the game. and you'll forget my
name, .

I won‘t be here, in another year,

If I don‘t stay on the charts.
Springsteen relies more on the harsh
sounds of the words he chooses, but ran
rampant in one outing. attempting to use
every poetic trick in the book at once. The
result sounded, great, but upon second
reading one realizes that the lyrics' make
about as much sense as a schitzo‘s
ramblings (“some brimstone baritone
anti-cyclone rolling stone preacher from
the east. He says, ‘Dethrone , the
dictaphone, hit it in it's funny bone, that's
where they expect it least.")

What Springsteen does portray
inimitany is the futility of being trapped
in the trenches alongside New York City.
A powerless yearning to escape their
overwhelming environment lives within

 

Wendy and Rosalita and Eddie and Mary
and Crazy Janey and the kid who believes
in a promised land and the others who get
lost in the flood.

of the three, Joel is the most talented at
his particular instrument. Only he has
included any instrumental songs on his
albums. Reviewers agreed that
Springsteen's recent hiatus led to a
growth in his guitar playing prowess, but
he‘s content to let Clarence Clemmons
gain the notoriety from the instrumental

cPﬂ'Courso (on
Your '

Life '

dollar lab fee charged each participant
and covers rental for $2000 worth of CPR
equipment.Students can register and
attend at any time, since they work at
their own pace. Angela Tomasaewski, an
instructor, said the course usually takes
about eight hours plus one hour for a
practical and written test. She said;
participants should complete the,
programin a month and a half. Those‘
who complete the program recieve
American Red Cross certiﬁcation valid'
for one year.

About 90 have signed up for the non-
credit course. The course is held at
various hours through the week in the
basement of Cayuga Hall on Indian
Quad. Times will be listed in the Preview
section of the ASP.

The program now has ten certiﬁed
instructors, including Davis. To become
instructors, the volunteers ﬁrst take the
Red Cross course and then the instructors
cousc. Fourteen others are becoming
instructors through the program

Instructors earn one college credit from
the Physical Education Department for'
every thirty hours of teaching in CPR or
First Aid courses.

Rock

lyrics, which shows a wonderful lack of
pompousity.

Springsteen: “ . this is his last
change, to get his daughter in a fine
romance, ‘cause the record company
ﬁnally came through with the big bucks,"
and “Rosie I ain't no freak, I just had my
picture on the cover of Newswakl"

Joel. on Long Island, sang, “Now I
need a little give and take, The New York
Times, the Daily News —- and Newsday
too." At the end of Piano Man, a song
every semi-pro bar room player wishes he
wrote. J eel sighed, “Now you don‘t have
to spend the rest of the night say .llg,
‘When's he gonna play that song?‘ "

It‘s surprising that of the three, Browne
was the ﬁrst to come out with a live
album, because he's the most inconsistent
on stage. At RPI two years ago, his only
contact with the crowd was while
wondering aloud what the name of a town
near here was —"it began witha ‘C' ”, he
said over and over, through the course of a
the show. Finally, he remembered that it
was our next-door neighbor, Cortland.
Browne's Running on Empty is
unconventional in that it's live, but ﬁlled
with new songs, only two of which are his
compositions. That‘s why it has so little
relevance to any ﬂaming generalizations
I'd make here. '

All three of the American superstars
have put out their least noteworthy

 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
  

 

 
Still Exciting

ensember The New York

Dolls? That weird bunch of

guys (girls?) that used to play

. strange, loud rock and roll
decked out in drag. Well. if

you don‘t, David Johansen can tell you all
about them. although he'd probably

' rather forget. Johansen was the Doll‘s

lead singer. He has recently gone solo. As
the Doll‘s principle lyricist/songwriter,
ohansen was responsible for some of
bat group‘s unheralded contributions to
ock and roll. Songs like “Personality
risis," “Trash,” and “Vietnamese Baby”
‘I ve become classics of the New Wave
orld, as well as to the rock and roll
-.tablishment. Singing about personality
rises and appearing on stage as

5 . ansvestites, the group cleverly mocked

‘  experience of growing up.

 
 

    
  

      
   

 

 

ary Douglas

e Dolls broke up after experiencing

 

51- rsonal problems. Since then, Johansen
, as formed his ownn group (The David
Johansen Group), cut his hair, cleaned up

his appearance, released an album, and
toured extensively. This included a stop
last Thursday at the Hullaballoo.

His music is energetic, witty and
engaging. There is an air of intelligence
and sarcasm behind a- facade of
simpleness. He is self-effacing and modest
— least of all pretentious. When asked
what his favorite groups Were during an
interview with the media before last
Week‘l performance Johansen replied, “I
like everything, everything affects me. I
guess I’m a pretty affected guy."

In concert, his music is frenzied and
fratic. Last week‘s performance, which
was an encore performance of his sold out
concert at the Palaee a month ago. was
wildly exciting to say the least. Johansen
seemed to thrive on the crowd's
enthusiam Called out for four encores,

he was still able to gather strength each
time. frolicking about the stage with great
energy. At one point, in between, encores,
the crowd, obviously familiar with
Johansen‘s material, began chanting the
back up vocals to “Girls”, a song from his
ﬁrst album that leaves no doubt about
David‘s heterosexuality.

Johansen played most of the material
from his ﬁrst album including a great

 

rendition of the most popular song from
the album “Frenchette”. Remembering
his past, Johansen played three songs
from the old New York Dolls; “Looking
For a Kiss", “Babylon”, and “Personality
Crisis” (the ﬁrst encore).

Also included in the repetoire that
night were sonic bubble gum oldies done
in a rare streetwise style. Given a fast
steady beat, “Build Me Up Buttercup”,
was done with serious overtones as
Johansen shook his ﬁst and sung. with
outrage “Why do you build me up
Buttercup just to let me down?" Johansen
seemed sarcastic also, this remaining
humorous and unpretentious. The group
did another bubble gum song by the Four
Tops, whom he claimed were one of the
greatest rock groups. Also performed was
an obviously mocking rendition of
Bonnie Tyler‘s “It‘s A Heartache".
Johansen saw the need to make fun of the
seriousness of Tyler‘s song.

Johansen now seems preoccupied with
keeping things on the lighter side. In his
ﬁrst album, Johansen sings of pretentious
romanticism —— sarcastically replying to
an overloving female in the song
‘Frenchette". “I get all thelove I need in a
luncheonette, I‘ve been to France, 'so lets
just dance."

Perhaps, ironically, dancing is all that
Johansen wants people to do today.
Having accquired a sense of modesty and
having lost a little fail in the rebel image
of rock and roll J ohansen sees no need to
romanticize rock and roll. In short
Johansen no longer suffers from a
personality crisis.

#
“I like everything, everything

' affects me. I guess I’m a pretty
affected guy.”

 

 

 

 

C0

SAVE $15 ONANY
'AR'I'CARVED

llEGE RING!

Choose Gold or Siladium

         
  

Why you should buy your ring now!

1. You deserve ll You've accomplished a lot.

2. Save $15 on any 10K goldur Siladlum ring lnslead ol It":
5% or $10 you might get lrom any other company,

3. Dillurunl thgsl Tltelurgest selection to choose from,
Over 20 rllllerenl ring destgnsl Sou traditional and coll-

temporary men's designs and boaulllul lashlon tings lor women.

ARTQISXEQ

 

 

 

   

 

   
  
  
    

— — — — —FIEBATE CERTIFICATE— — — "- '-

ALL YOUR POPULAR BRANDS OF BEER AND ALE “m”- album duﬁnl 'rhc Pam Slchn months- . GETA $15 REBATE ON an anrcsavea COLLEGE nmo WITH this can
rmcare.

 

 

 

       

ON TAP PLUS A FULL LINE From {in standpoint of the concen- ‘ After each artist's next fecal-(1‘ {he [in I ValldounnytingInlltoArlCarvuthaltucllr)"(ovongold) Chooseltcmswtdov l l
OF lMpORTED BOTrLED BEERS goer. Spﬁnp‘ccn is undeniab‘y at the top my be shoncncd’ {or they‘ve already I lrndillunnl. contemporary. or lnsluonllngs. cusloln made to ycmlnriwtdual lgisllaa?o
-.- NEW YORK STYLE HOT BUTTER FLAVORED PUBS GIANT of this or any list. I've never met anyone beaten the odds by staying on top for this '1'.”E$573533I.iiiLi732.7.L'iliili'3iiifii'57uu. 5. m m... on... m   mama n.....s.......... mill
SOFT PRETZEIS POP CORN CHILE Doc. 90‘ who could convey the feeling or long. u'w'sm m"munm'wmm p"’”""ﬁ""""“""“m iiiiiliii‘iiili":iiii§1§iii353$Hill.li“?.‘2£l$i‘tlii}‘:7l,':ﬁ
. 20. 20. g 40. DUTCH DOG 85. mum“, on... ,howhcpcﬁom' an,“ m, unlikely mm any one of am will I3: 33.21.32*2m.'::_;11s2;2:3t:;1strings:st :::::::'.."':..‘L':assassin;sum" ~
wan‘t try to outdo those who‘ve failed, If lose their favor in their native towns, “WWW” AuMoo...”n.4,..u.............'w.uI...... I

 
  
 
  
  
   
 

thougl}. The Los Angelinos will still take
I care 0 Jackson, and Bruce will alwa s
, gill this weakest] at the illub Incidentally, he doesn‘t do it all for you. him the boardwalk. Billy Joel, winth
.1 His reputation has enabled him to managed to nuke every Long Islander
‘ ’ ’ demand the best contracts for live we“ they knOW him. Or hi8 brother-in-
' mburgua? ’ java-p ant ﬁaturhay performances this side of Pete Rose. \lﬂw. 0f the Vinny: green. or the Italian
' Billy Joel is also exhilarating in "autumn! he sings about. will probabl
I jehmar? 15' 16 an” 17 concert. His communication with the cling to a youthful audience of Oystei
. audience is at times even better than Bay. Cold Spring Harbor. or Syosm
i 6 p.m. ~— 1.30 am.
A liluiurraitu Auxilluru Qtruircu ﬁpuuum‘th
It! ll'lk‘llwlllluﬂ.

the tickets were $50 a piece, he'd still try to

give ou‘ our mone 's worth.
3’ y y Time: 9 am - 3 pm

 

 

Dates: Feb. 12 - 16
Location: Camps: Center

310 Deposit Required

l
l
l
I
I
Springsteen's, though he can't match The dcvowci- For the “cord. he actually did I
Boss in the sheer length of his shows —1 PM! Plano I" my aunt's house in 4-

including an intermission, Springsteen Hicksville, but l'msurethere'sathousand

bgoes on for close to four-hours most of the 'G'lmndeﬂ' hﬂc makina lhcsameclaim. I

  
   

mom—Ah

 

 

[A

“A?

 

 

 

 

 

David Johansen

\

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4w- ..:

«es. dund...‘ .

... 1*wvv:v=~r-4-ll.-|L»»«rrrn>>-.‘—w ...,............ . ........4-.... a-.. . ,. “enummixmam.,__._.,.'

 

“ «. oasis“:

 

o" ‘-r it saws

, ,....Mev.s..ie..Ww.__.a~.;suwrmomvmmm.su A ' ' ' *~  M «at..- .

I..

