 
   
  

mas-2.. .u

.11 -

 

f

 -
i
i
g
‘l
sj
'.
"if

...--..J.‘ _'_.,1 5.4:" “A‘.*

 
 

~' w- “"hm-ﬁ-WJW

 

 

not)ng
" ‘ . S'v"’.’:" .... ...-..... .........................-......w..;w--.w.mm7,...» .4, '
“spec's " ~ A- ne'giﬁgnt'mtebbok Peseta

 

 

 

Somewhere over at Albany Police Head-
quarters. they are leaning back fit their chairs
and having themselves a good long belly‘
laugh. Snickean and snorting as they stretch
their heavy black~leather holsters around their
sagging paunches; pinning on their quicksilver
badges with the meaningless Latin metres
from behind Cheshire smiles. They are in stit-
ches because they have just come from
Capitaland's longest running comedy: The
Albany County Court.

The acquittal of Albany Police Officers
Richard Vita and Michael Buchanan of
extortion. robbery and burglary charges
stemming from the Waterbury Hall incident

Against Justice

speaking. the lZ-member jury's dr.ision has
endorsed the use of questionable police
tactics in dealing with university students and
drugs. The court has virtually given the

 

warrants inquiry Into how they were able to
get onto the force at all. But. more to it“,
point, who the fuck are Starsky and Hutch
land what do they have in (to
with the Albany Police Department? Are they
showing Kojak reruns at the academia
Perhaps the students should have argued jjj'.“
they were emulating members oi llll' Mod
Squad in their efforts to uncover pililtt‘ it...
ruption.

To be sure. the defense dealt with Itlf t', only
in passing. leaving several important (jtll‘
unanswered. Why was the "C(Jllllshilt't' I
juana not turned over to the nan t.itt.~.i  m
as is mandated? Why did Vila .‘in-f lto v A; u,

smegma!—
case

room a “one-room crime wave." adding that
the students admitted to haying sold pot 30-40
times. Cheeseman went on to assert that the
students had the greatest motive to lie. And.

 

last March represents a triumph of innuendo
and good old upstate conservativism over the
quest for truth _and justice. Pragmatically

Albany PD free hand to harass students
without fear of reprisal.
The prosecution charged that Vita and
Buchanan had twice illegally entered Water-
bury Hall and cxtorted money and marijuana
frotn several students. Attorneys E. Steward
Jones and Paul Cheeseman defended the
police officers on two levels, First, through a
relentless onslaught of innuendo that would
have made Joseph McCarthy blush. they por-
trayed the SUNYA students as irresponSible.
drug-dealing criminals Vita and Buchanan.
on the other hand. were offered as innocent.
albeit misguided, champions of justice. dog-
gedly on the trail of narcotics peddlers. At first
glance. one would have had a hard time
guessing who was actually on trial here.
Playing to a “disinterested” middle aged au-
dlcnce of twelve. Jones and Cheeseman lm-
peached the students' testimony by stressing
their self-confessed connections with drugs
and dealing. Referring to the scene of the
alleged extortion. Jones called one student's

 

  

Friday Observer

Why have you waited this long" You had all
semester to do that reading You had a month
to prepare for that midterm. But other things
always came first.

"'l'lappy hour at the lampost? Sure. why
not."

the peppers will keep you from falling asleep
tonight It's ll pin. and you haven't openeda
book yet Your test ts coming up really fast
now. as fast as the earth rising to meet a fallen
skydiver,

You decide to call a friend from home.
After talking about everything but your present
reality. you hang the phone up and look at the
clock

Yott curse and blame the system for making
you take tests

“Pass that joint. l‘ll do it tomorrow."

Tomorrow becomes next week becomes
next month. The midterm suddenly stares you
right in the face. Yoit Will have to face it in less
than a day and once again you prepare for the

Putting Tomorrow on 'I'il Tomorrow

as if that wasn't enough. Jones charged that
the students sold pot to teenagers 'horrors‘).
and claimed that a “young adult." (who we
presume to be more reliable than the SUNYA
students) said that they also sold
llrlllUClliOQCllS As astute counselors. ha and
Jones recognized that by appealing in the
jury's fear and loathing of drugs they lUUl(l
compel thorn not to accept the student's
testimony

Nowlit’rt: was lll|\ lliltll’ ti[)j)iill.‘lll than iii
(Tllt!"‘L’llllln.S sittiiiniition, .ts ht' suggested fiirrvachitig Thurt! til'L‘ lllft't.‘ iiiajm
\‘llllfb' iii the Capital area. .is well .i»
vilirilltft Colleges. their students tut-.;.

taken from the students? Why was tinv l 'v
5in Police Department kept in the in.
the entire operation?

What remains is the fact that it. 
Coutity. association with drugs is 

that the defense chose to attack fli-
iathcr than offer reasonable t'.\j)l.n: iv
the officers behaviors The llitj‘lllt -.'
that "we should take all of their testimony. and
if we could, them too. wrap thum tip in a lum-
dle and throw ll out into the gutter where il large but seriously Ulii’L‘iHOSt'tilt'tl w -
of the tri city population. As long ri‘ '.--
and prejudice rule the courts. llit‘it i ;- '
remain in serious danger.
The next time some Albany l’olii .r

get themselves all worked up our stilt“

belongs ” Based on the jury's relatively short
deliberation (“fl minutes), it is safe to say that
they agreed With him.

On the other hand. Vita and Buchanan
were compared to "Starsky and Hutch" in
their zeal to become narcotics officers after liv-
ing denied acceptance itito that bureau. ln~
deed. their disregard for proper procedure

they do so tvitli the sanction of the
court.

     

back of your neck becomes warm as the first
rays of sunlight bathe you. This morning bap-
tism annoints you with the realization that you
have pulled another allnighter.

The last page of words move directly from
your eyes to oblivion Your mind has taken all
it can You lie down for if) minutes. wash your
face and prepare to meet your fate.

You are too tired to be nervous or to even
care. You need a shave. a shower and a

make no mention of the monw. tint, 

impeach one's credibility on the urn..- . t.
The acquittal is not so significant .-. ~ . n .

sky and “unit episode and harm» ~t.. ~-

battle -- the battle to dig yourself out of that
twice-a-semester hole,

Armed with highlighter, unread books and
photocopied notes. y0u vow to learn it all in
one night. Tea bags. caffeine pills and instant
coffee will provide you the energy. A borrow-
ed outline from a classroom nerd will provide
you with the guidance. A rabbit's foot will pro-
vide you with the luck. A call to your girlfriend

 

 

You curse and blame your professor for not
giving you enough time.

You even curse and blame time for not
standing still for you.

A yawn. The book opens. A caffeine pill is
washed down your throat and into your sap-
ped system. The words flow into your mind as
you frantically look for central themes and
make guesses as to what question the pro-

change of clothes That will come later The
test is in front of you,

Without thought. the pen moves and words
are somehow turned into sentences and
essays. The knowledge which you have tem-
porarily acquired in eight drug—aided hours is
spewed into your blue booklet.

The clock continues to move and finally it's

will provide you with incentive. lessor will ask.

The clock won't give in. The tea scorches
your tongue. but you know this precious liquid
will help your eyelids in their struggle against
gravity. The words blur. You feel drowsy. but
somehow you begin to understand some of
this junk.

You switch to your photocopied notes. but
it's no use. You can't read your friend's hand-
writing Return to the textbook. A deep
breath. and you plunge Into it once again. The

But It's still not enough. You are too well-
versed in the art of procrastination to allow
any productive moments to exist. Suddenly.
every magazine and newspaper in your abode
becomes fascinating reading. Suddenly. you
develop a taste for television and become
mesmerized by Celebrity Bowling,

One pang of hunger translates into a venv
ture for food. Sub in hand. you rationalize that

 

all over. You band in your paper and return
home In time to crash. You awaken to a night
of blissful partying, All that was in your head
the night before is gone. You don't remember
what you wrote that morning and you really
don't care.

again; a B. You smile as you congratulate
yourself on beating the system. You repeat
this process four years in a row.

education.

The test will return and you will have done It

And when its all over. you call it a college

 

 

 

     

 

 

 

 

SE-X- WE

Sexuality Educotion
Xirovogonzo
Nov.5-Nov.9
in the Campus Center
[from W 375
1 Sage? Untvers/ty Action for the DIsab/ed
5° tt°"' Gay/Lesblan Alliance

Sexuallty Resource Center
Planned Parenthood

Span

     
   
    

  

         
    

 

 

 

ibulihap $th

is coming!

 

 

Get your

ACT
together!

 

"interested call Diane: 457-7903

or Shari: 457-7761

 

 

 

 

' 'Feoturc

< t- ‘ - ‘r' "" we .‘-~.. “way..sz ,..,,.-. up...“ ,,.r..,;._.....,,...s.;1

Aspects

 

   
    

"l'd been on my him so long, l decided it
was time to go back. l was getting sick of

home. If things didn't work 9g]. rd ggyg
Michele Israel

—Davc Reeves was ati athlete. majoring in
physical education. lti l970. he broke his neck
in a wrestling match. damaging his fourth and
fifth vertebrae. l.t'ft immobile from the waist
down, Davy was confined to a wheelchair.
Seven years ltllL'I. oi lllt' ago of 2ft, he decided

 

to become a student again

Davy ‘vll‘t'l'fs his Iiitttoii/t'tl \L’llt’clcllitll
through the narrow daini hall. liltt disabled
titlillllllﬁll’ llUt‘ [long l<o loading lllt' way in
lll‘» llltllllltillV controlled t'lltlll. lll't‘ firing
politics. t'hlt'lllllllll his .iini to (intro iht! tlfMtl
llt' sinnilttnn'titisly .itiint'pts to lump it open
and got through lllt‘ t iiilllllt'tl opening lfillt‘l
iiiy iibhl‘vltilltt‘ and Wu lltht‘l (intstdt', llc‘t'
Doug hanging (ill in Dow's tirovuig t'llrlll.

Sitting outside on State Quad. SUNYA'S
home for the disabled. Dave rilltl Het- lloiig
talk about being handicapped and adjusting to
a college atmosphere.

"Coming in was pretty good." says Dave.
"It's accessible in Albany and people reacted
well." He explains that his accident never fully
depressin him. but made him realize he would
have to make the best of the situation.

“When i hit the mat. I knew what I had
done. I said it to myself. 'll's all over.' But I
never really let it get me down."

SUNYA. explains Dave. is accessible to the
handicapped. one of the reasons he chose to
attend the university. Aside from the flat struc-
ture of the campus. which enables the disabled
student to move about without much difficul‘
ty. there exist such services as ramps on quads
and the podiunis. elevators. and special
lavatory facilities.

Affirmative Action Associate Dr. Gloria
DcSolc explains that institutions funded by the
Department of Health. liductition. and
Welfare. must bt: accessible to the handicap
petl. Section 504 of the 1973 Rehabilitation
Act specifically states there shall be no

discritiiination against the disabled student.
The guidelines described iii detail the types of
improvements which should be made. for
cluding the installments of ramps and study
facilities and increasing housing accommodtr

 

tions.

Davy. weakly lifting his slightly deformed
hands to rest on the anus of the chair. says
that he receives aid from students sponsored
by llit‘ New Ytult Office of Vocational
lit'litrhilitatitnilOVlil

"'l'ht'y ht-lp liit‘ inkt' l‘rilt’ of things I t'oii't do
lilV‘it’ll. like getting from my lil’ll to my wheel
l.lli|ll oi tntliiiij food 1 try in lit.lji myself as
ililll h Il'» litf‘i‘vllflt' lt's litllllllll at first. risking
'l'lll‘lt' tlit' jllHl 'vllilit‘ tluiitjs

lli‘ltllll' tti llt‘lli ‘
Ynti ll'tlll\.‘ don t in

in ill'lt' utth tjtiiiitj in NW
it‘lll ll "
llt' tltlll' lllitl lit’ in ll‘dlrilll‘ lllll l hilllflllll'll In)

 

 

SIIIIYA Accessible

quietly explains. “Some people are afraid to
come into a new situation. i always wanted to
.be independent. Now I know l can do it. I
wasn't spre before. it's a great feeling.

Dave and Hee Dong are among l60 disabl-
ed students attendtng SUNYA. Problems
range from spinal cord injuries and Muscular
Dystrophy to alcoholism and respiratory

pose a threat to the handicapped individual.

diseases. And yet, these dlsabllltles do not

Hee Dong and he will sit and "check out girls"
instead.

Hee Dotig. broad shouldered and sup-
ported by a neck brace. explains coming to
America was a great opportunity for him. He
is Korean and lived in a society where the
disabled individual ls considered an outsider.

(f
The Rehabilitation Act of 1973 is the result

Education and Welfare.

available in a room he or she can get to.

almost blind. Movement around

magnify written pages. to Tom and others.

people.are just that —- people."

the behalf of the disabled in this century.
Section 504 is aimed speciﬁcally at creating design and
modification requirements so that, "No otherwise qualified person shall, or be subject to
discrimination under any program or activity receiving Federal financial assistance."
The ori tr..il draft called for 100 percent accessibility to all areas by all personnel. but
that has been lifted. If not all sections of a building are within the range of the wheelchair
bound. then his or her purpose for being there. say for a course offering. must be made

Tom 'l‘ubbs is in his first year of thr- Theater Department's Masters program. Part of
his curriculum includes a number of undergraduate classes in acting technique. Tubhs is
the campus, he feels. is not too difﬁcult.
The symmetry that becomes repetitive to the able-bodied is a boon to navigation for the
visually handicapped. The University also makes available typed-print enlargers, which

it costs approximately $5000 to renovate one bathroom for access by the wheelchair
bound. Doors must be widened and the stall enlarged to allow maneuvering room. The
sink has to be raised and extended'from the wall so that a chair may roll underneath.

The State Office of Vocational Rehabilitation (OVR) determines which students are in
need of an attendant to assist them with day-today living. Applicants to the Ofﬁce of
Student Life at SUNYA are hired directly by their charges, who must budget their 80
allotted hours per week accordingly. Lenny Akselrod. an attendant in State Quad’s
Steinmetz Hall, finds the job both "enlightening and satisfying. You learn that these

it's the person who does not View the disabled
person as able-bodied who creates an at-
mosphere of discomfort.

“We accommodate the disabled person, but
we lose them when‘we don't view them as
able-bodied. We're only temporary able-
bodled people," insists DeSole. “A white per-
son ts not afraid of becoming black. A man is
not afraid of becoming a woman. But we can
always become handlCapped.

"We need to include the handicapped stu-
dent. We need to show what the handicapped
students can contribute. They are not un—
touchables."

Acting SUNYA Rehabilitation Services
Program Coordinator Erin O‘Neil has

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

at least in part, of the years of lobbying on
Drafted by the Department of Health.

SUNYA will most likely meet the 504 deadline 10 months hence. Though paths are
often roundabout. the letter of the law will be abided by. The remodeling of doors and
lavatories on the podium and the installation of ramps or elevators wherever necessary
has been going on for a year and will continue until complete. In the ﬁnal analysis the
costs in both centraclors’ fees and the inconvenience created until full compliance is met
is indeterminate. It's unfortunate that building codes did not require accessibility prior to
the mid~705. .

The regulations. which took effect in June 1977, also require the federally funded
institution to provide a self~cvaluatlon and modify facilities for the handicapped. lndune

architectural problems. barriers still exist.

tn

and we’ll take care of you.

 

"lit the United States, there are limited
structural barriers. In Korea, it Was hard to find
places like that. It's ll great opportunity to be iii
America."

"Schools in Korea were not tlisttjiliiit'd 1
had a wheelchair but couldn't ust' il l was

carried tip stalls... l was

driven in a car.
dependent on people "

Witliiti llil' two yt'iits that live [Jung has
llt’l‘ll in Aliit‘llt'tl. lil‘ has lll'l‘ll able to rilll‘Ultill‘
his tlt‘jit‘lltll‘llt'v on lilltl’l jit'oplt' Wlilll' iilli‘lt
ding high school lll New York titty. llt‘ finally
had the change to llllll/.t' fiit drum for thy hint
h on it at howl lintY stratum with .i

1‘ i ' ‘ s- i llllill llll ltllt tltt tilijit’tl. L.in
ltitiltlt lltt .ii lllt lltlirllltfllt llIt I ‘ I > ‘7 “Tumlhlhh m
ft' ‘tIt nw ijt'lll'lrtll\‘ \villiitti it, .it t Irllllltltfltllf' lift ltii wlit t’lt litlll.r. ﬁllNYAb- I: y
' ' ' ' | I r I: I iy
lllllt it .it ‘. t.tl«.w .ttt int-"n; lt"l w lllt ll'rlt ltl‘l llllt'llt ml lti~ tlt'tl ion In t illllt to t it lillt til
l " i lit '1 iii lllllt'lltt‘lll‘ “llli flit’ lI/lll l in "l !Ii\.l‘»t'll lwl invlttvttitl \Nlll‘lt ti‘-ltllltl int
y " lll iii l: i It l r t . h ‘I . ‘-
t  m. litilllttftll j .tj
l “lit t i ii iii l|'|'l' ‘tti il l «'jtiwtl lv, llt't' litriigj tilul lliivv lit‘l|l |‘iit li wilin tIlil
jiilll‘tt m i t , . . ‘ ‘ > Y!"
' 't I. i tllt til .
' ll “"llltll tun limit" r‘ittllll'llllll” lilt‘lt'l‘w jill‘ >|tiill\ flit i, lflllltli uh othtt l|i l‘ li
a h I" l j ' 141nm“... , “tool 1N "ililllt'l‘lllt".llllli'Illllll"rllllt'lti‘jjjl..ttl|'jjj,.i;|
' ' ‘ " ' ..
l' 'I' I' "' “mil” ' I lt.i\‘t " iii lltl’ l\'.i| linoy aw llltlt‘ Ilt‘. ill 'rtll
- .1. lttl'flltill‘ tuiv.‘ V ‘ I . ‘l ) V
. i .. .. i.  .jj it,
"ll “ﬁttinutttt in «int-tiny "lttjdllliiltili‘lillll ,lillvlilllktll lftt lllili‘j itltiiit it t
'l lii"~‘v‘ lull t.i.lititii. inlr'ttlxit litillilt‘ I ‘
l' ' j llil Iltl lltlllllt‘ i in my l llilillitltlti'll’tillll} Wllt'llltillllt‘llt’ll' fut
iiiil n’ ’lllle .i it i n t r V r “A
____._.....—~-— W
l ._ ,.... .. ~-_.,......_,...__..__,__..__— __

1978, the SUNYA 504 Task Force. co~chaired by Dr. Gloria DeSole and Dean for
Student Affairs Neil Brovm, presented a thorough evaluation of campiis facilities. While
modifications were made in such things as admissions policies, housing units, and

DeSole explains, for example, that the ramps on campus are damaged by the cold
weather. Another problem exists in the lecture centers, where disabled students meet
with difﬁculty in hearing and responding to lectures. And there are also the heavy doprs.
leading into all buildings. which are hard to open even by non-disabled population. We
want to give hope to people who didn’t have hope before." says Afﬁnnattvc Action
Associate Dr. Gloria DeSolc. “We want to say ‘Here’s a place for you. You‘re welcome

V _...c . ..—;

have. They're really no different from any
other student. Sure, there are some omery
disabled people. They're like us. But it takes a
lot more physically."

In order to reduce the struggles a disabled
person experiences when adjusting to college.
OVR and Cerebral Palsy co-sponsor a six-
week summer program which enables the stu-
dent to evaluate and experience college life.
The optional conference is a trial period, ex-
plains O'Netl. a time to see if the handicapped
person can handle college skills. it is also used
by OVR to determine which students should
be sponsored while continuing their educa-
tions.

"There's nothing wrong with their heads.
They have to meet regular standards of admls-
sion." says O'Neil.

The student participates in a vigorous
schedule which includes taking a three credit
introductory course. two hours per week of
study skills. and peer counselor group
meetings. The program's major purpose is to
allow the Individual to explore long-term
goals. It's a self-evaluation; what can they
realistically do?

“If someone has a speech impediment and
they want to become a disc jockey. It's not
realistic. They must commit themselves to a
goal in life. explore vocational options and see
what skills apply to them." says O'Neil.

“Peer counseling helps the disabled person
deal with emotional adjustments and body irri-
age. Some of them havu defects and we help
the individual come to grips with them We
don't say they're beautiful when they don't
lierU an arm or a leg. We help them adjust lu
llli’ emotional situation: we want the students
to t'Kiil'lTlllL’ themselves."

Sophomore Carol St‘luieidvrtiiaii has exr
«iiiiliietl heiself She does iiol petceiyt' heir-it‘ll
its handicapped although she has been disabl-
ed for two and a half years. and needs a
wheelchair to get around.

"The person who believes he's looking at a
handicapped person will have a barrier. lf they
see someone as a person with a handicap,
there will be no barrier. They should see the
person first and the external qualities later,
On campus, l've been viewed as a person who
happens to have a disability. it slows me
down." explains Carol.

Sitting in SUNYA's Rehabilitation Office.
the hefty. red-haired sophomore admits she's
a very independent "loud activist." Resting her
semi-gloved hands on the silver wheels of her
chair. she describes her efforts to aid the
disabled students on campus. She is currently
attempting to gain permission to open up
Dutch Quad with facilities for the handicap-
ped. "l waril to move students out of the ghet-
to. State Quad l5 chock full of the disabled."
Carol is also involved with the University Ac.
tion for the Disabled. an organization which
spreads an awareness of the disabled studen
on campus.

Willi an l'ni-lilte‘everyone-clse-don't-iudge-

 

 

 

liii’-()llit:lWl5C look. the confident student
explains she cares for her personal needs.
gets across campus like anyone else, and has
to work for art A. "My disability was just a

 

-~ Ron Levy j

assisted many a disabled student. finding
them to be strongwilled and determined.
l-landicitpped. she explains, is the wrong
word to use when describing them. "it's the
inaccessibility which is the handicap. Thr-
disease is the disability.

"As a group. they're less apathetic, They are
-\ motif and they have to filllil for what they

   
  
 

 

pothole in my path. I decided which college I
wanted to go to. went to pro-registration. and
spent my week like everyone else.

"People in the non-disabled population
have to become more independent too. There
are some people who come here who never
washed laundry. They have to learn how
eventually Not everyone is cut out for college.
whether they're disabled or not. College isn't a
cureall." -

_ .

 

 

 

 

 

 

