   

 

myopia

 

 

 

.~- r. r. . -.--.».r.

   

. a»... .w<-—r--n.-

nmy ..._. .- mm“...

 

.y....—c.,»..-w-..,.. - _ ..‘

‘ Pagé'qa

 

{mm— m...”- .. Wave-m «*3» "an. mm

L C fe Americain

as appetiztng as the well-made omelette.

obviously never had a truly well—made
specimen. it is to these unfortunates that l ad-
dress this treatise: The Three-Egg Master-
piece

To begin with. one must assemble the pro-
per ingredients and cooking materials. There
are those. amongst whom are some of the so-
called great chefs of the world. who will argue
that two eggs are sufficient for a decent
omelette. Perhaps. However. those of you in-
terested in creating a true culinary masterpiece
should heed my advice and use the controver-
si'al third egg in order to facilitate proper flip~
ping. which will be discussed in detail later.

That out of the way. one should also secure
some butter, a mushroom or two. a Jar of Bac-
o's and a quarter pound of firm American
cheese (cheddar or swiss can be substituted). if
you have the time and are ambitious. you can
avoid the almost certain carcinogenic
substances In the Bacvo's and grill up some of
your own bacon. However. since y0u‘re pro-
bably going to get cancer from your blow dryer
anyway. you can consider this an unnecessary
step.

Once you have the ingredients together.
assemble the following cooking utensils: a
skillet. a small bowl. a fork. a spatula (plastic
works best and makes no obnoxious noises
when scraped on the pan).

You are now ready to prepare the ingre-

Commentary

 

Belief is a fine thing. but placrng that belief
into action is a test of strength. Otie just man
causes the devil greater affiction than a million
blind believers. Many are the social healers in
America. but their patients remain uncured
but appear eased of their ills because they are
under the effects of social narcotics. What is
this belief that causes the poor to take arms to
support the strong and the sons of the in-
herited nobility. The human atrocity. “patriotic
spirit" seeks once again to disturb the lives of
lovers and create more widows and orphans.
The children of yesteryear rule. and they
are walking in the funered of the era that they
created for themselves. They are pulling a rot-

Warning Sign

Over population is a subject which has
always been dealt with. with a primative at-
titude. in fact. it's almost totally ignored by
most. Only recently have the people of the
United States begun to realize the inevitable
curence of a population food crisis.

At about 6000 BC. the world population
stood at 5 million, almost a thousand years
later that amount doubled. in 1650 the
population reached a half a billion. by 1850 it
reached a billion. doubling it in 200 years. 80
yegrs later. the next doubling came and 37
years after that four billion became the “sum”
of the human population. Which means that
the doubling rate has decreased from
1.000.000 years to 1.000 to 200 and finally
37. in a hypothetical assumption we can
assume the population will continue to double
every 37 years, In 900 years there would be
60,000.000,000.000.000 people on the face
of the earth (sixty million billion). There Is one
consolation however. the growth cannot ex-
ceed that amount. For the amount of heat
energy the human body expels would radiate
enormously. At a population the size of one
billion. billion. the temperature generated by

 

What is it that makes the mouth water and dients for cooking.Aftei’ shelling your three
the palate quiver at Its mere mention? Why the eggs. beat them with the fork in the bowl until
omelette. of course. Youvseem skeptical. Let
me say that there are a few things in this world

you have a rather disgusting viscous
substance. if you like to. beat them senseless;
that is, if it makes you feel good. In order to

especially to the married student. Those of avoid losing your appetite by looking at the
you who do not agree with this analysis have

beaten eggs. take the time to grease your
skillet with a teaspoon of butter over a low
flame. If you're in a sporting mood. see how
long it takes you to cover the entire bottom of
the pan with butter by see-sawing the shrink
ing pan around.

Once the pan is fully greased and the butter
has had time to heat up. pour the viscous egg
fluid into the pan, Be careful not to get any
egg on the side of the pan as it won't cook
evenly and might stick to the side as well.

Now one must wait until the eggs have firm-
ed up a bit. To kill time. one might read
Tolstoy. contemplate the meaning of life. or.
it is my wont. begin mental preparation for the
flip. Once the fryiirg eggs have reached a thick
consistency and have started to turn slightly
orange. one can add strips of cheese. bacon
bits and 'sbrooms. Spread them evenly. taking
care not to put too much cheese at the edges
of the omelette. This will prevent molten

cheese from spilling out onto the pan where it
will adhere for life.

Once the cheese has started to soften and
the egg is drying on top. you can move iir (or
the coup de grace of Omeletteering: the Flip.
If you've used three eggs as advtsed. you will
have no problem with this. the most
misunderstood step iii the omelette process.

Many an oinelette has been tirade or broken
by the quality of the flip. i cannot emphasize
the importance of this exercise enough. except

 

—

“But the children of

tomorrow are the ones

called by life, they are

the dawn of new fron-
tiers.”

 

Look At All
The People

all those bodies would hover around the
melting point of iron.

insufficient food is. of course. one of the
main difficulties which will occur under a vast
population explosion. Even today. at least half
of the people of the world are underfed. or
malnourished.

Synthetic pesticide. (carnivorous specres are
exterminatod. and the pests become resistant)
deficient space to dwell upon. and the
moderation of plant necessities. are all httt a
few of the most pressing problems flir'll will
transpire. Pollutants in the air will increase ad»
ditional disease as well as the occurrence of
certain cancers which are associated with
specific pollutants In the air.

In just scratching the problem of err
vtroninental deterioration there comes about a
kind of "environmental roulette". Too many
cars. too many factories. too many detergents
(pollutants). too mticlr pesticide. inadequate
sewage treatment. too little water. too much
carbon dioxide m all a result of too many pet»
pie.

it is said that a population control is the

best.
and may be the only solution to this dller

nma.

 

 

NE
W
m

Ed Hoey

The Making Of An omelette

to say that the late President John F. Kennedy
once insisted that his entire advisory staff
enroll in a bome»ec course in order to learn
proper flipping procedure. it has been sug-
gested by more than one political analyst that
this played an important part in the successful
defusing of the Cuban missile crisis.

Grasping the spatula firmly. make a quick
inspection of the disc's edges by probing —
look for any points of adherence and dislodge
them. Keeping in mind that we will be excerA
cising the Lithuanian Business Letter Flip
(developed by Muslinik in the '32 games at
Stockholm). slide under the leading edge of
the disc at your spatula hand and gently but
quickly fold a third of the egg over. Do the
same with the opposite srde. Look for cheese
runoff and cauterize with a hot fork if

Hot Licks And Rhetoric

he
Stream

Her face was pale. drawn. white and her
light hair made no effort to contrast with the
rest of her. Holes bored in her head harboring
round. reddish eyes. she coughs. takes a drag
from her cigarette. straightens her coat and
waits.

"There ain't nothin' like a pretty girl." says

Hubert Kenneth Dickey

 

ten rope that might break soon and cause
them to drop into a forgotten abyss. They are
living in homes with weak foundations; as the
storm blows — and it is about to blow. their
homes will fall upon their heads and thus
become their tombs. But the children of
tomorrow are the ones called by life. and they
follow it with steady stops and heads high.
they are the dawn of new frontiers. They are
few in number. No one knows them but they
know each other. For the age to come they
are the seed dropped by the hand of God in
the field. This seed shall grow into a mighty
tree. with Its roots in the heart of the earth and
its branches high into the sky.

    

T sk‘

   

in problems of its
consoled by government

This will result, however.
own. and will not be
statistics.

The right to fairiilter;. to eat. to drink to “VI
to have children, to educate them. and to 
free to move freely Without squeezing through
Swiﬁkl‘lﬂloflpeople will be surrendered by int

5 rt a awollenly overcrowded world
Whatever the solution may be. one needs to

be fOIJ I L’fO L‘ b ()0 L ()Wt t 0 9V 'I it t lt
i ll l i
(f b l (ll . L 1 l l i

necessary. 

At this point you should be [he
mother of an onrelettc among 0mliftoud
Avoid the tendency in stand there in 'de'les'
tIon. however. as many an nrrmiencla "'"d‘
charred beyond identification this u‘adajt'Q'ZTn
. n‘

holding your spatula fIttIil\.‘. gut Under [he
99

“After shelling your three egs
beat them with the fork In the bi)
until you have a rather disgust)"
viscous substance. If you like to9

beat them senseless." '

 

and gently life-slide ll tiititr r ..
Garnish with paprika
toothpicks

i recommend serving v. Il: l. rrrru firm in...
(rye). or. on a particulaili. t'r‘Iiilr Mind.“ m..."
ining. asprin, Enjoy. and ii'uit'mbet
we learn how to make a turner.”

BLbO’Brian

trurirg plriiiyi
[nit-n". Irt Utilirr

-- ‘rr'r-rrm .

hell

the tall black man with coirvir tint. llu ir hi'
ched over. energized with lm .rI r'lirtitivi..r‘
vomiting diatribes on passi'uln. 'I In". rrirr«r ..
come from the hill. 1 think. rim, rinrr'i i’illi’l"
there - or something.

"There's nothin' I'd rather ‘1‘ rtrrrr; till i..-
pretty girl". he Continues
morning swig of hot coffee

“l'd rather talk to a melrrrlv.
the two are analogous "

He doesn't laugh Curw  irri» 'tiliili .
late.

"The busdriver is an rtttritr he"

Yeah. wasn't he Voft'rf 'titivilrr'i wt dry yr

llirrlitl .rir with.

r l‘.r heat:

 

 

by the Black Panthers?" i’rrrnr:  lrlllilli

A man. a veteran. who i. .mi tit'.i.."
longer than he's been ain't: ;' .rrur Iltati l.
cares to. Long. stringy, rlrrir. \‘.l‘.t|v lirlt

hands in his pockets talking when: ilu‘ tirrgtin
and the new guys who've been iii I‘lrrrrr. stands
at the Armory. maybe urrrnmrrv of the iron,
He wasn't there for the \'r’tr.'irili>' lJJ‘.
parade. . captains of itttltt‘rlIL selling irrtit'
for metal. To be crucified on Ii ‘r ﬁlr'el Ind
dy Warbucks was a war prultlr’t'l Wimr time
that make Little Orphan Alrri‘r ’ Sim ii'.i:ti'
slut. Never liked her eyes. rtli'.‘\ r-.

An ode written many yeah m: .in aid rlustté
freak girlfriend. ends with. it rim Lizilr the
divine wind of self destruction l) 1 wt ltt‘ ‘ '

 

 

“Hot licks and rhetorici
don’t count much for)
nothin " i

 

 

 

 

————-———'
how to say ‘divine winri‘ 2r lr't"""“’" 
‘KtifnkaZL’

"Well. I woke tip iir minim v - .ziil i it“:
myself a beer" v~ hu‘s ltt'llr‘ ‘1' rli‘ml ll“
throngs cry. Make a prlgirin : .. lllli Print
risoii's gravesite. i‘tilr'ti l‘. l :i > W “
lizards. I

I leave my castration rtiiritiiiu ‘ tittit‘l“l 1‘"
the campus ceiilaur and no. . :‘.rr .rr: lit, llii‘
PSvudonymph wading Ilt flit fruirtntti *l'r"
ain't real. either.

"What's up?" _

“What's liappeiiiii'. ninth. t.'r Mth

"For out. i gotta go 8w In rm

Rhythm keeps things tiiiltl‘l 1‘ ‘i l"”“’""""
poem:

The blriidmnir int it
i _ :l)‘. lmtirig
before his

l":Vmiione's an artist (“hit and till")
must've been a man rri iii.iri.iti) iiilt'llt'll
(That's Amy's). How does llII wrist ti”,

Hot licks and rhetoric .Iuni mnni rnirrlilt”
nothln'. , . .
P-S. Sadat and Begin nit-t't llw l‘.I’t rtlttl litilt'l'l
as Steely Dan ll tours the TVlIIlrlli' inst ll'm'

 

 

 

,. ._.......t.. to». M)...

 

 

Page 50

 

v I .

 

.

Active involvement and a life-long commit-
ment. .these are what help to bring about
changes In society. if enough support is
fostered for such action. Who does this? Ac-
cording to Gloria DeSole. Associate Director
of the Affirmative Action office at SUNYA. "A
fetninisl works steadily to end the interlocking
oppressions of sexism. racism. classism. and
heterosexism in our culture's thought tliid its
actions. the course of her (or his) life." If this is

what the feminist does. what is the ideology of
that person. . .what is feminism?

Maxine Ketcher

This is not an easy question to answer. Prov
lessor Liiirltr Nicholson. who will teach
Women and Education in the spring semester.
explains. “liiitlre Women's Movement there
are many aspects and so a varier of kinds of
feminism I let the students arrive at a defini
firm". after explaining various schools of
feminist thought to them. For example. three

 

tnniir schools of feminism nrr- liberal. which
deals with the poliliurl sphere: socialist. which
deals with r'ltrssism .iiirl sexism; rind lrrshitrii.
which deals wtth lieteitrsr'xisni

 

An operational definition may be the most
helpful in understanding feminism There is

agreement that feminism works continuously
towards it change in society. Because there is
a "still developing philosophy on feminism
there is disagreement on how to do it. but to
do that" is agreed upon. states Dr. Chris Bose.
Director of Women's Studies at SUNYA.
What happens to get the change done
becomes the definition of feminism.

It is first necessary to understand what
feminists are fighting against. Though many
on campus understand there is a need for
Change in society's attitudes. far less unders‘
liiiitl why some people feel so strongly about
certain sexist incidents. and “make an issue"
out of them Few may understand why the
teacher's use of words ending with "man" in»
stead of "person" upset a feminist But
because future generations often internalixe
the ideas persented by their teachers.
“educators have to stamp out sexism." accor-
ding to Sharon Wrrrrl. SASU's first woman
president. In the September. 197‘) issue of

Ms.. Gloria Sleinhern explains that women
students may not recognize the .nnrnrnl of sex-
ism raised ageiinsl them because. “its students.
we're probably being treated with less opposi
tion and more equalin than we ewr will be
again."

This does not mean that many forms of
discrimination do not exist on campus They
do! Due to various laws. such as. Title lX and
the Equal l'iiy Amendment. some forms of
sexism may be subtle. For example. Lisa
Newmark. the first woman president of the
5A. states when she is introduced as such,
people usually show. "a little surprised look on
their faces."

There are also blntnni forms of discrirniria»
tion oti campus. At this University, as at iriany
others. most women employees are not in the
higher rank .‘rrlministrative posts or on the
faculty. lnstutril, many are secretaries for male
professors. Some of the neWspapers on carn-
pus do not include women's issues in their
coverage. the ASP and University News are
accused of this ontmission]

Whirl is being done to correct these and
other situations of sexism? On campus there
iit't' many groups that are involved with
wunwii's concerns. Some call themselves

feininist. while others do not

Among those groups that do not call
themselves feminist. Is Classified Women.
which represents some women Willi jobs on
campus This group will be sponsoring ses
stairs soon on women in the work force.
It is; important for these woman to “mpg.

 

 

Be

 

. «allure...  ‘

yoml The
'nl'st Mach'

 

Good

because the majority of women do not work as
high level administrators or professors.

Some groups are interdisciplinary in nature.
such as ASUBA. which sponsored Black
Women's Week. October lIS-l‘). Some black
women feel that feminism is a white women's
moveiirent because they face racism as well as
sexism A sense of alienation frotii sortie
wriirren's groups has developed. as with the
Feminist Alliance which has no black
members. The Albany Black Boosters

Association (ABBA) formed because there ap-
peared to be discrimination against black
women on Albany State Basketball team's
mo ' '

cheerleading squad.

Some members of various groups. sttch as
the Coalition Against Nukes (CAN). feel both
issues focus on certain problems affecting our
nation. .la-iice Fine. a member of CAN and
vice~president of the Feminist Alliance feels
that both nuclear power and sexism are
l’vlolations of everyoire's living space. They
rob individuals of their choice and steal the
spirit and the vitality from our land and our
people."

One of the oldest women's groups on cam-
pus. and one which does Call itself feminist. is
the Feminist Alliance. Susan Goldflscher,
president of the group, says about 70 women
have shown an interest In the Alliance this
semester. Some members feel this Is where
they can “get angry" and meet other people
with common. though not necessarily the
same. interests arid feelings to work together

 

flirts Iion'i

against inequality. On September 2‘). the
Feminist Alliance sponsored Women's
Solidarity Day. The group brings guest
speakers and films to the campus. publishes
Athena. i'l literary margarine. and parlciprites In
rallies. such as National Abortion Right's
Week. October 22-29.

Many more women may not show interest
it the Feminist Alliance for a variety of
reasons Some feel they are too busy to cotne
to meetings. Otht'ts ft't'l there is not a pressing
problem of sexism on t‘iltlthIS. The label of
"feminist" can be air uncomfortable one fora

  

person to wear; because at times, it also
means being labeled a radical or a lesbian or
homosexual. even if these other labels are. not
correct ones. As stated above. some women
feel alienated froin the Feminist Alliance;
some feel they will be tokens of groups they
rgpresent.

Academically. Women's Studies has been
expanding since ire first course. Women In
Modern literature, was offered through the
College of General Studies In 197]. In classes.
students are “taught In a social change pro-
spective. They learn the sources of problems
and how and where to attack and change
them." says program director. Dr. Chris Bose.
Dr. Bose hopes to regulartze the courses and
put them In an order to form a Faculty-
lnittated Interdisciplinary Maior in Women's
Studies, which will be submitted this semester
to the proper committees for approval. A new

0..-... ..-..........-. N. . .. . .

course, Women, Power, and Politics. cross-
reglstered with the Political Science depart-
ment. will be offered In the spring semester on
campus. Kris Mlcclo. Director of Community
Relations for Family Planning Advocates of
New York State and Professor Ferguson, who
also teaches at Siena College will team-teach
the course. which the latter states will be
“looking at a number of dimensions of

social. .and political life and the way men
and women perceive them to be;
psychological. economic. political. legal.

sociological. and racial." Off«campus. at the
St. John's Center in Albany. anew course will
be offered to the community at large. as well
as to SUNYA students called Women In the
Community: [illicit rind White Women Work
ing Together. v

On the variouscrimpuses of SUNY. SASU'S

Women's Caucus will be settiirg up a network
to relay information about sexual harrassment
art universities to women. Due to the climb In
the number of rapes and sexual asaults on and
around crritipirsr-s. SASU will also offer a
Women's Self Protection Program to
students SASIJ President Sharon Ward feels
it is time to routine that rape is it crime of "hate.
not lust."

Understanding what is happening on other
campuses of SUNY and a course offered to
the Albany cbmmuirity brings back a more
realistic View to the concept of feminism. for
feminism certainly exists beyond the boun-
daries of the campus. Working with the com-
munity is an important part of changing
discriminatory views held by society. in an ef-
fort to keep the cotnmitntty informed on Issues
of feminism. a new radio show with Its focus

on women is on WCDBJ-‘M (91) on Tuesdays
at 7:00 ppm. as part of the Spectrum Series.

Oir-cirmpus and off-campus women's
groups. such as Planned Parenthood. the Tri-
City Winiren's Center. the Albany Area NOW.
and the National Women's Studies
AssociationANew York Region. work together
to further correct the discriminatory views that
society holds. It Is important for these groups
to interact. for all members to better unders-
liind problems especialy encountered by one
group but not another. For example. many
young women students may not realize the
problems a displaced homemaker encounters.
who suddenly finds herself without an income
or skills for employment after working in the
borne and caring for children for several
years.SUNY/\ Women's Connection Is a
newsletter that gives the names. addresses.
and telephone numbers of various arr-campus
and off»campus groups and lists events spon-
sored by Ilrese groups.

With the University and the community
working together the opportunities to make
changes In an often discriminatory society are
improved. But there Is a whole nation to deal
with and old beliefs are stubborn ones. Accor-
ding to Professor Linda Nicholson. women
must learn to "take themselves seriously. as In-
iellectuals. as members of society. and ques-
tion assumed definitions of what it means to be
a wortien." Most of the changes (such as the
Equal Pay Act of l96fi and Title IX of the
Education Amendment Act of I972) that were
made are recent ones. Bills regarding the
place of women In society, such as the Equal
Rights Amendment or the RIght-to-Ltfe
Ameiidment‘ are furiously debated by
members on both sides ofta the
Issues. Feminists must continually work to
change the stubborn, usually discriminatory
beliefs of society. Their work is what feminism
Is and will continue to be. Gloria DeSole, of
Affirmative Action at SUNYA. predicts
feminists will be hard at work for the rest of the
generation and the next. She says. "Young
women don't recognize how much still needs
\to be done. — the work Is ahead of all of us'q'

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

