 

Q
.3
E
i
i
t
i

«a» 59.41...-

 

 

 

 

  

r r v r\‘ v 1 I "v writ I"! r r‘l'lrtg r r macro-v4! [1 r t I c I I a s H. I 55.1» L~~.';‘i'r."

.

' ,s a‘ara t 5; if?“ 
vsFrctJon" ; .

   

v v r .» » u.- -6 a v
v.  we can't! or. can -. 3.. ..
n .u l V, » '  A -

 

 

. r w

town“... mam acorn   n 
 , PageiOa

 

Aspects; 

 

Prince waited nervously to: them in his
room. The'television played. but he didn't
watch. instead, he added to the growing pile
of cigarette butts In scattered ash trays. His
broad Hispanic frame rose from the bed and
'perched on the back of an armchair. Reaching
for the phone. he dialed four digits and replac-
ed the receiver. A car door slammed; he raced
to the window to see if it was Franny's cab.
The first two times it wasn‘t. Then he saw the
top of Franny’s golden mane bent over a small
bundle. Running his hands through a
chocolate mass of curls. Prince's heavJ brown
eyes settled on the young fair skinned girl he
had been living with. ,

Finding out about‘ Franny's pregnancy,
Prince took a harsh whip to her. it was only
after she lied, and told him he was the father
that he finally stopped.

But it was a muggy July night the Sal came
to be. For four years. Franny suppressed her
desires for motherhood, until an anonymous
blonde stranger came into her life. Aware oi
her own beauty. Franny knew that a product
of her’s and this newcomer would be ex-
quisite, and so before performing that night.
she removed her diaphragm. She never in-
tended to hold him' responsible. All she
wanted was a child, and she needed a man to
give her one she'd be proud of. :

Franny trembled as she approached Prince.

"Whad' ya grab the wrong kid?"

“No. Prince, he's mine."

“Yours? Yours and whos? You-says he was
mine? Mine wit' blonde hair? Get outta here,
whore! Take your bastard kid, and get the hell
outta here." -

"Aw. Sal, honey. I'll find a way. Don't
worry love. Mama'll take good care of you
always. Good care."

“Get the hell out of my life, you, you...Ughi
Just get out!" Sal's eyes bloomed In amaze-
ment. “1 hate you. Sal. Hate you. 1 have you
because 1 was a tramp, and I never got to be
nothing else because of you. For the last 15
years. because of you. l've laid a different guy
almost every night." Her outrage suddenly
subsided. and quiet sobs replaced them. Sal
remained quiet in the corner. “if only Prince
didn't throw us out. We mightta made .it.
When 1 found out 1 was pregnant. l kept work-
ing. The tricks kinda liked it. and 1 needed
you. I couldn't give you up. You were
something I knew would always be mine, and
i couldn't get out because it was the only way I
could give you the things you needed."

Sal’s physical maturity appeared to Franny
with incredible speed. At 15. he was 5'9".
weighing 170 lbs. His face was developing the
gruffness of a man's and what had been “baby
fat" a year before. was now forming strong
muscles. Franny was mystified by the young
man who sat across from her. It had become
harder for her to accept the 16 and 17 year
old boys who came to her now. She'd have
the maternal urge to send them away, yet
she'd let them stay because she’d need the
money.

Finally, Sal spoke.

“What was my Dad like? You never want to
talk about it."

“There's not too much to tell. Your Dad
was handsome, like you, and he was gentle.
like you."

“Did you love him?"

Franny paused for a moment. "Baby, i
hardly knew him. but yeah. i loved him. He
gave me you."

There was a sharp knock on the door.

“Franny. ya in?" A harsh male voice called
from the other side. Franny looked over to Sal
who was already on his way out.

“See ya Mom."

' "Bye. Sal? 1 love you.”

“Me too." Sal opened the door. He looked
directly up, half squinted his eyes, and with
completely straight, tightened lips he shook his
head softly. and-said - nothing.

He was down stairs. and outside when he
heard the harsh voice, from the open 3rd floor

 

 

 

   
  

 

 

 

 

 

. " / - .
Robin Goldberg ~ '
window.

“Gimme whad ya got."

"Jack. You know, your timing was pretty
shitty."

“I know, you was talkin' to the kid."

l’The kid. is my kid."

“Yeah. I know. So. whenever you're
ready."

"Maybe I won't be. What'd you say to that?"

“I'd say you'd better be." Franny's thin
eyebrows arched and Jack brought two $10
bills from his pocket. "Ready?"

"Yeah."

Sal took off from beneath the window, and
went into the bar on the corner. He had been
going there for about a year. Sometimes Hank
would let him sweep for $5. There were two
men. a couple. and a girl sitting at sparse
tables. The aroma of hard liquor intrigued
him. So did the people and their conversa-
tions. He usually listened to the track talk
who was dealing what drug, and what had the
best market value.

“Hey. Hank. How's it goin'?"

"Okay. How's it witchya?"

Sal shrugged. and poured himself a long
glass of scotch. lt pleased him that Hank
thought he was older than he really was, and
respected him.

Sal leaned over the bar. and stared intently
at the multitude of assorted bottles. His eyes
were locked on the rainbow of bronzes.
browns. clears. reds and oranges staring back
at him. The center black spots flared against
the sharp blueness of his eyes as they grew
larger and heavier each moment. He felt
throbbing heat on his temples; he pictured his
mother and Jack together. He saw himself
pointing a knife at Jack's throat. Then he
remembered his mother's soft voice: "...he
was gentle like you."

The crash of glass and the initial pain of ice
on his skin brought him back to time.

The two men always did that when they
talked about women. Most of the time he
didn't listen, but these men wanted the atten-
tion. They were drunk. laughing. choking,
and calling for a refill on their pitcher every ten
minutes. Sal delivered the pitcher of Molsons
in his hand, and stopped to listen.

“Ya know, I had a great one last night.
Great. Sexy too."

"Eh, w’ts her name. 1'11 look her up."

arena-i ’

 

 

“Franny, third floor. three doors down."

Sal grabbed his collar. connecting his list
with the man's face. His lip swam in a pool of
fresh blood. When Hank came to pull him
away, Sal's punch landed in the center of the
man's gut. As he backed off. the man collaps-
ed. crashing into his beer glass.

“You dirty scum. Look-a whad ya done to
ma buddy. Where'd ya come off doin‘ that?
Where the hell-"

“Calm down mister. Sal. get out - now!"
Hank pulled the beaten man ,up with his
muscular hand.

“‘But Hank?'He was-"

“1 said get out. l shoulda thought right
'boutchya when 1 first metchya. l .shoulda
knew you was no good. You're a bastard kid,
and [don't wantcha in here no more. Unders-
tand?"

 

Sal's throat was still warm from the scotch
he had at Hank's. The blustery November
weather swept him from side to side. and his
blond hair hung damp from the late night mist.
Few people were still on the street when Sal
got there. A soda vendor was packing up his
cart on the corner. He was talking to a girl.
who Sal pinned as a cheap hooker.

Sal played a game with people on the street

» whenever he felt like being annoying. He pick-

ed out a person and stared directly into his or
her eyes until they looked away. He knew it
bothered them, and he thought it was funny.
He began to do this with the girl. but she was
too involved in her conversation with the ven-
dor to notice.

“So, whatch ya got up tonight Candy?”

“Not much, know of anything?"

He shook his head and dropped another
unsold cooked frank into the garbage.

What about him?"

“Ya iokin', right? He's a kid.”

Candy raised her head high and came to
Sal. She rested her arm on his shoulder. Their
heights were identical and when Sal turned
around. he was gazing into wide brown eyes.
Black mascara was smeared around her eyes.
red lipstick around her mouth. First he turned
away. but didn't move her arm. Long freshly
painted nails scratched the back of his neck. it
hurt and it tickled. Chills spun through Sal's
bones. Candy hadn’t any idea of the sensa-
tions going on within him. Sal stood erect. ex-

ploring the soda can he had been sipping
before she joined him. His ignorance of her
was so perfect, she thought it was a fright
holding him back. Not a word had been said
between them, when he turned to her and
smiled.

“Are you ready?" she asked not knowing
what to expect.

They walked to her room. it was on the first
floor of an old building. Paint chips slid off the
wall as their steps vibrated in the hallway.
There was a dying light at the end of the cor-
ridor. whose glow didn’t reach as far as their
path. Candy turned the knob on a door with a
fist sized hole centering it. The room was dark,
only the lights from outside were able to sneak
in. there was a large bed in one corner, and an
old blue and orange arm chair with loose spr-
ings in another. The smell of day old tuna fish
lingered in the air. Sal remained steady. while
a huge lump rose from the pit of his stomach.

He turned to find Candy already on the bed
with most of her clothes off. She came to him.
peeling off his layers of jackets and sweaters.
As she reached for his belt buckle, he pulled
away.

“What's ya scared of. " she asked him. “it
doesn't hurt the boy you know. Only the girls.
an' only if they never done nothin' before.
You don't have to worry 'bout that with me."
Candy pulled the blanket down on her body
even further. exposing her breasts. She laugh-
ed loudly. and Sal headed for the still open
door. I

“Ya sure. honey? I'll make ya feel real
good."

“No.” Sal ran out of the apartment. hearing
Candy call to him from the window.

“You little punk! 1 shoulda knew you was
gonna be a tease. I don't know why 1
bothered, why I wasted my time with ya in the
first place. You don't know nothin'."

Sal glared back at her. His eyes pierced the
night. “1 know more'n you think."

“Bastard kid! Get the hell outta here."

_.._____.———

His long legs took him faster than they ever
had before. He cut through the night as he ran
against the water on the West side of Manhat-
tan. Sweat dripped down his forehead and
onto his face. neck and arms. He had left his
jacket at Candy's place. and the wind felt
Soothing against the bare flesh of his arms. He
ran straight up to his apartment building. He
had never felt more like a child in his life. The
only thing he wanted right then was the com-
fort iof his mother's arms. and her soft voice.
He wanted to cry to her. and he needed her to
calm him The door was locked. and his keys
had been in his coat pocket. He lifted his arm
to knock. when he heard his mother talking.

“Listen Jack. 1 tol' ya. I'm gonna quit. lreal—
1y mean it."

“For the kid?"

"For my kid. Jack. he's my life."

“Screwing's your life. You know it."

"No. Not anymore."

“Without it, how're you gonna get dough
for that kid to have?"

"Jackal mean It. This was the last time."

“The last?.” Jack's hand reached deep into
his pocket. '

“Another twenty?" She looked at him ques-
tioningly. g

“Ye 

“Okay. but this'll be the last."

“1 know ya Franny. It'll be the last until
another trick comes along with another twen-
ty." -

Sal slovily went down the stairs. He passed
Hank's and saw all the lights were down. Then
he remembered that Hank didn’t want him in
there anymore. The pre-winter chill finally set
into his bones. sending him shivering into a
racing ﬂash. He sped along the water again.
this time even faster than he had earlier,

The door was as open as he had left It an
hour before. and she was still on the bed. His
knock started even himself, but before he

 

could take it back, Candy knew he was then

 

 

“MM

continued lrom page 9a

Horror and suspense fans who haven't
stumbled onto King are missing something.
Anyone In the mood for good Halloween
reading should run to any bookstore and grab
any Stephen King novel they have. if you can
handle the eleven ninety five being asked for
The Dead Zone, do it. .You w'on't be sorry. If
you're a paperback buyer only, all of his other

works except for The Stand are in softcover

editions. available everywhere. ’
This Halloween. do yourself a favor. Get

scared. ' —

Starts and Sparks

continued from page 9a

with real emotions, and he does it beautifully.
His facial expressions are a little repetitious.
but basically it's a mature portrayal by a char-
ming man who has been type cast for far too

long. .4

Jill Clayburgh is everything that is warm and
wonderful. She moves through a variety of ex-
treme emotions with the grace of a swan
gliding over a crystal clear pond. We see the
anxiety. the insecurity and fear of being re-
jected that lies just beneath the surface of
everything she does. but at the same time
there's the absolute giving of a loving. in-

telligent woman who could act as a tranquilizer

to a world gone mad. The real joy of the cast
though. is Candice Bergen. who finally gets a
chance to prove that her brilliance in Carnal

Knowledge was not fluke. This has been a
good year for Intelligent. well rounded women
on the screen. and Bergen is no exception.
She can be hysterically funny. as when she
, comes on to Renyolds in a hotel room and she
can be pathetically sad and alone. as she is in
her last scene. when she realizes. finally, that
the marriage is really finished. It's also a very
courageous job. 1 don't know how many ac-
tresses would be. willing to make an ass of
themselves just for a movie. This is the kind of
acting Supporting Actress Oscars are madeo_i.

 

  
 
 
  

 

 

 

 gamut corner

 

 

_ o L 1 s l" f
013;? r )l iﬁ;?'i' IT 
_ _,_ - A I , .,.., .. . J.B. Scott's ‘7
Oct. 12 Commander Cody __
I 8d. 16 Yachts
I @ ct. 18 City Boy
‘ Oct. 19 James Montgomery
Oct. 24 B 52's
F Oct. 25 James Cotton
Bi? 5 F Nov. 7 David Bromberg Band
I   13 Jorma Kaukonen
. 0d. 20 Robin Williamson
11 . ' New 17 Jeff Lorber
age a Druersrons Aspects Nov. 29 Utah Phillips
MOVIE “Mile 'I'he Louie Puzzle mm"
iFG ‘: I D .1
400 Blows I 7:30 10.00., by’floward P. Aivlr, Ph.D.
To Km A MOCkingbird 7:30: 10:00 T his logic puzzle contains 5 book reviews. a 
Albany s‘a‘e Cinema Movies. Mommies, Messages. Moguls, and Makeup.
Heaven Can Wait 7:30. 10:00 M9"°W Books has reCEntly published-live books about Whal's' Happenlng
Tower East Cinema movte stars. Each book is illustrated with candid
Inmn'ors 7:30 10.00 photographs and with incensorecl history. From the clues sa'urday’ 0c" 13

Cine 1 2 3 4 5 6
When A Stranger Calls
Breaking Away
Young Frankenstein
Meatballs
Starting Over
Sim-ping Beauty

I Rocky Horror I’ir‘turu Show
Fox Colonic

if)
Nor/It Dallas Forty
UA_1'|e|lrnan
Apot'ulupsu Now
Madison
’l'iu' Frisco Kid
Mohawk Mall
to

' Starting Otter
When A Stranger Cuffs

7:00. 9:00. 11:00
7:10. 9:15, 11:20
7:20. 9:30. 11:40

7:30, 9:30
7:20. 9:40, 11:50
6:30, 8:30. 10:30

whose theme was photobiograplty.

Inoth in it rd

 

given below can you match up the authors, the titles. the
rnoute s1or, and the theme 0/ each book?

1. Listed alphabetically by title. the books are the onLI by
Ali. Holcluter. the one by Christian Crawford. the one
about Tyrone Power. the one about Errol Flynn. and lllL’Oiit'

‘) I
._ ()ili nuiltor \vrott' about her iilUllii’i’ Willi the sntntI inst
nnnw lilll riniItlt‘tl the llienu- old the long road In

of Buffalo.
5 pm. Rebroadcast of this

of Death".

 

8 run. “Front Row Center
week on our live l‘iiilt‘t'll series: He

1:20 pm. Great Danes Football
Homecoming game. Albany vs. U.

week's'
episode of The Shadow “The Chill

". This

 

 

US

 

12300 It llr'rim Ann and Michael l:ll't'(llttlitl (lltl not write ilu- "U" Doluxl"
v ( r lllttili nlmin buplnn l.tii‘ill, instead, mu- oi tlu- lumksnnvol Sundiwv 0(1- mm
 kl.) litt'til mniv imri tlu' tlwnit' of In -.t-,\u..i than... 2 7 [1.111. "Ciosm'fmt'ni‘t'" Mtihit'
/. 1.». Until  Mlii‘ lI-H'l l'it'i'tllnnd rtul not writv .ilunii .lonn (‘rnwinrrt lltiiit lllt‘ 'l'lut'd \klrnlrl. llt'ggnc.
t;| it lllnnntn lUIUilt‘ l'liu'l'l.lltfvlttillhtlltlllttli unhnnilu' CtllV|1htL Altlt rill .uul illtti'r’.
72”” “NM lu-nu- nl tilt oluilu «luld .ilnim- 7 H I, m um “I “Hm Th [1‘sl"
3: lin' ilu'inv of l|t\’rililt‘ Illiillt'ﬁ \K‘tin nut .Ilititll nivtil tl ‘ ‘ ' l '1' ' t' "
\t‘ttiit.llt~lrti$~,t11ttl‘tttil'thttiit'l'iltt‘t'i ' (“mu OM"? I'm" ‘1'" I") "  ("l 5'
lllll. ‘l‘lll it Thu lumlt .ilmut .lunn Cinwliuil Illil not 1 onth ihw '1 .l","' ‘Hllll‘l‘w Nl'ilil It‘lll'Ll
tlu'nu- of ilu' long: until in llittllit‘ilttttitl ('H'M t' “W” (“I'IW'V Shim"
7:110. 10.01) V [Mud ()un-tiuutuw did not wrltv 511nm |.ii'i. Monday. Oct. 15
7315‘ 0:1“) liviNt’. :\N[i l,t)\th(i, n. Mt)r\11\1[|{pi-_/\1.'lgj Hm... U |).m. “'i'iw Iivnlmmn ui tint-k"
7-3”. mm At It‘ iliii iittl \\'i|l|‘ W11 1 lUU‘l MAI\'l:l 11’ in Tle) LIVES t'tinlititit'h... I901.
Acnoss 48 Common Latin 14 Chalice veil
abbreviation 21 Seat of Suffolk “
1 Yield 50 Russian and Czech County. N.Y.
8 Lynn 5 sister language family 24 Annex
15 Reveille. e.g. 54 Youngster 26 Raw recruit
16 Set. apart 56 Building block in 27 Spanish money
17 Abbott and Costello Arizona 28 Fit for tillage
musical (2 wds.) 57 "— a Fugitive 29 Calf catcher
18 Degree of com- from a Chain Gang" 30 Practical person
petence 60 iiarvard's is high 32 is under the weather
19 Viper 63 Duncan of dance 35 Dwindlc
20 Bete —- 65 "— and Old Lace" 36 Ginger ale additives
22 Part of some 66 Signs of body Peevishness
science courses injury 38 infant o
23 Notorious eques- 67 Vacuum tube 43 "Treasure island"
trienne 68 Foemen monogram .
25 Quartz variety 49 in a bit
28 Matterhorn, e.g. DOWN 51 Dress fabric

(a
._.

Actress —— Ann

org

French pronoun
Less done
Spiritual ruin
"The Sheik of —"
Vocal pauses
Nell-known English
philosopher

42 Name for a German
WI weapon (2 wds.)
Flight part

On the ~—

Swing around
Zodiac sign

mu
aw

bhuw
Howw

Aéhh
\lmmb

cgac

52 Nora tieimer's
1 Miss Teasdale creator
2 "Trinity" author 53 Desist
3 Nickname for "High 55 —-— De Laurentiis
Noon" star 57 "Arabian Nights"
4 Mangy critter number
5 Exploiting 58 English compgser
6 Political attitude 59 Part. of e=mc
7 Work with hair 60 One of a retribution
8 Conversely (2 wds.) pair
61 Suffix for strict or

9 Fresh -— daisy
10 The head(dial. Eng.) depict
ii italter — Disney 62 Suffix for planet or

12 Professorial leave meteor
13 -—- Anne de Beaupre G/t Vague

Marlon Brando
attempting assassination
of Francis Coppola
after reading

reviews of
“Apocalypse Now"

 

 

 

 

'I'rivla Time

This week TRIVIA TIME has
decided to go to the polls. and take a
stand on a political issue. So below
you will find a list of ten presidents of
the United States. and what we are
looking for are the names of the
persons who ran against them.
Some may have more than one
answer, so good luck and don't
forget to vote!

1. Harry Truman

2. Theodore Roosevelt

3. Woodrow Wilson

4. Grover Cleveland

5. William Henry Harrison
6. Millard Fillmore

7. Abraham Lincoln

8. William McKinley

9. John Kennedy

10. Herbert Hoover

 

Answers to last week: 1
East of Eden

Carrie

Maltese Falcon

Animal House

Love Me Tender

Fastbreak

Mandingo

Meatballs

9. Tommy

10. Murder in the Valley

@Nr‘

5".“

1)

9°."

Write your answers down and bring
them to CC 334 by 5 PM. Monday.
All winners will receive a free
personal in the ASP.

 

         

 

HI) I'ri ED)

 

 

TOUR

Rooms): HAVE an
INTERESTTNO Hoole

 

 

 

 

 

. a... in». .u... .rs.  «4 mu

 

 

