r

 

 

 

 

r—WI-
mgr ...~;t.

 

. _ l
/ ‘ Guards Scarfmg...

OSSINING (AP) A 225-mcmbcr National Guard
contingent was ,pullcd out of the strike-bound Ossining
Correctional Facility Saturday night'after Ossining police
officials reported some of the Guardsmen were drinking.
picking up women and showing "appalling" beltavior. But
state ofﬁcials described the removal of the troops as a
“routine exchange of units." Ossining police said the
Guardsmen had been subjects of reports of disorderly
conduct and public intoxication since they arrived at the
LOGO-prisoner facility. The unit. the l07th Infantron
Manhattan. was replaced bya detachment from Long Island
at 9:30 pm. Saturday. According to ()ssining Police Chief
Ronald Goldfarb. the Manhattan (iuardsnten ltad been
leaving their posts to “pick tip women" and Iiad been'
involved in three incidents ot'disordcrlyconduct stemming
from drunkenness. Ilut. l.ouis (ianim. a spokesnrarr lur the
state Department of Correctional Services iii Alhatty said.
"There have been no reports ol behavior problettts from the
prison officials." (ioldlrirb said all incidents ttcre reported to
the iroop's commanding olltcers.

Torch Bearers Given Exams

.1

LAKE I’I.A('ll) iAl’) llic essay question answers giteii by
tile roughly 6.000 inert and women ttlio tried our lot 52 posts
as ()lyrnpic torch—bearers ranged trorn the hill) to tire
practical. Among the runners named are Diane M. l.ity‘nski
til Scotia. a junior at Seoiia»(i|eritille High School. and
Michael |.ticc of (ilens i‘ilils. 0 member ol lire [Writ U.S.
Olympic iiobslcd 'learn. lire tltrce essay questions ttcre trsetl
to weed out actitists ttlio rriiglit rise the run to the Winter
(iarnes here next I-ehruriry asa political plzttlornr.aeeotilrrig
to (ieorgc ('iirisiian ()rtlotl. ttlio designed the errierra.
"'Iltese people are in clieet actors iii a great pageant." he
explained. "'I hey lirtte to be able to play the role as part oi
the tearir witltout tlrter'sioris iirto making political
statements."“Weasked the question; Wliritdoyoiithirrk tlie
Cspons‘ibiliti'm oi the torch-beater are?“ said ()rtloll. tlre

 

 World News Briefs ‘ ' 

chief ofceremonies for the lake Placid Olympic Organiring
Committee. “We were looking for people who were thinking
in the symbolic sense (but)wc didn‘t say that. One fellow said
'thc responsibilities ofthe torch-bearerare to keep to the side
of the road. avoid low hanging trees and narrow spaces and
to be able to refrain from bowel movements fora long time."‘
Ortloff chuckled.

 

SALISBURY, Rhodesia (AI’) Unofficial Americtrn
observers said Sunday they believe}! Rhodesia‘s first
universal suffrage elections were “free and fair" and risked
tlte United States to lift its economic sanctions when the
county‘s lirst black prime minister is installed next mortth.
Meanwhile. Rlnrdesiaii warplanes swept irritr Zambia and
knocked out guerrilla posts alter Rhodesian forces on the
northern Zambezi River lrotitier came under heavy rocket
and mortar attack. the military command said in a
communique. 'l he tiring came from "crnplricements ttithin
Zambia.“ htrt the air strike "silenced the Zambian positions“
and there ttere no Rhodesian casualties. the conimtrnitpie
said. Zambia is host to guerrillas ol .Ioslitra N‘korno‘s
/.rmbrrbt\c Alricrrri National Union. which has tttrged a (i-
tear-trld ttrir “tilt the gotcrrrttrcnt of Prime Mrirrster Ian
Smith Ior corrtiol ol Rhodesia. Rhodesian olirciais. ttlio
broke tsitlr lliitain in N05 otcr the issttc oi ttliitc minority
giiternrireirt. hoped for it large turnout iii the elections to
help ii iii its campaign to gain international recognition.
I-lectton olircntls announced that 03.9 percent ol the
country ‘s liliiilllil tthitc and Eli rrrillioti black \otcr's turned
out during the lite-day trite. ttlitcit crrtlctl Saturday.

Steel A gree

WASHINGTON (AP) liargaincrs loi Ilie nation's big
trucking ‘L'lIIltpilIllL's said they reached tigreciiieril unit the
Icainsteis rrrirotr Sunday on a nett contract for striking stecl
haulers. btit there ttris no Indication \\ili.'IlIL'l' it ttiittlil be
accepted by the dissident iirrrorr riiembcrs. Sctcriil steel

‘ seafront-Ls? had said they. wiriildrlitiv'eitbieui production or

even close down plants if the steel haulers did not return to .
work by early this week. “We havo a settlement with the
Teamsters. but the question is whether the Teamsters have
an agreement with this traditionally verydifficult segment of
their union." said an industry source who asked not to be
named.

Premium Reductions

NEW YORK (AP) Employers in New York State who
bought their workmen‘s compensation insurance from the
State Insurance Fund will receive premium reductions
totaling about $l6 million statewide. (luv. Ilugh |.. Carey
aniiottiiced Sunday. The reductions lor the l25.000
employers comes lrum increases in the amount of ltdvttttee
discounts on premiums for ttltielr most employers
tliseotrrrts on premiums lor ttlticlr iirost employers triralily.
“ i Ire elticierrt operation oi the State insurance l~tinde* ted
to protide lottcst cost ttorkers‘cornpensatrori coter'irgc to
high risk errrployers is strengthening Nest York's appeal risa
place itr ttlrrclr to do business." ('arey'srrid.

 

NBC Wants Carson

LOS ANi-‘lilJ-IS (Al’) Johnny Carson. his representatives
and his bosses riret through the tteekeird trying to rcsolte i|ir~
high-paid star's dillererices with the NI!(' teletisrort
netttork. NllC Spokesman (ienc Walsh said that discussions
ttoitld continue. “but they ttill beheld pi'ittrtciy and their
coritertt will be regarded as pritileged." (arson. liosi oi
Nll("s Ioriiglrt Slrott.saitl last week that lie hoped roiriiit on
October lirst- (‘aason’s l7tlr annitcrsrtry as host ol the
money-making show. “Alter seterireen years. I'm getting a
little tired ol It. ldon‘t think |canbrirrgrrnytltirrg nets to it.
and II gets a little rougher all the time to do it." he sirirl.
(arson has asked to be released from his contract ttith Nll('
ttlricli calls for Itini to host the sliott throuin the spring or

 

I‘lh‘l. \lli', litiriirig iii the ratings. \tants (insult to stavoir.

 

r
#

 

 

f;

Curing Parking Problems

.
A new student gioiip l-I’RiX' (i’qtlttllly ol i’arkrrig
Regulations on ('trmpiis) has been oi'gtrtit/etl to iirtcsitgait'
possible solutions to SUNYA parking problems Solutions
ranging irotii luttiristte underground lots to rrett space ierital
systems hate been discussed bettteeti lil’RUi' incnrbcrsaiitl
University oliieirrls.
Business John llaitigriri. I I’R()(' learned oi iht
administration’s interest in their proposed space rental
system. This ne
rent out spaces iii the present special permit areas on a
monthly basis. A designated area would he set aside. ttlrete
necessary. for iniured. handicapped. or other disabled
individuals.

In order to prevent \iolators lroni parking III a preaeiiretl
space. an increase in the current $3.00 line to a M000 line
would be imposed. llre only \tririkle to be ironed otrt is a
legal or
that no new parking lees cart be insttiirtionali/ed.

lii’R()(' ritcrnbers. ttrtli the backing oi the

dinner lines and in the campus center tiiitrl May -I.

 
 
 
 

 

 

After meeting with Vice President lor I-inam'e and

w parking policy would lilitt“ ctit‘ otttieis to

re. A clause iii the SUNYA worker‘s contract says

Administration. encourage all car ottiiers oii campus to
support the nets system. l'etitioris \trll be distributed on

    
 

      
      
 

< A s .0 '
iitiilii' writ; «arer

lit. i

   

Campus Spring Cleaning

A bottle and cart “ClL'illt'llpuspilllsiiicti h_\ llic Neit York
Public Irricicst Research (iiotrp (NYI’IRG). Irris been
scheduled lot Saturday April llttlt. l’eisons rriterestcd in
participating should meet III lr‘ont ol llrtihriclicr llall.
Alumni Quad at |l:.iil a.m.

llre collection of bottles aittl carts \\lll rtrrr iroiir Alumni
Quad to Draper Ilall. llre "clciirt-tip"is being conducted to
build student tl\\tll’L‘ltCss and to illustrate the need in NC“
York State lot it "brittle hill". Sirttilittr‘ legislation has
already sitceessltrlly hecii enacted itrto hits in Vermont.
()iegoii. Maine. and Michigan. In these states the latts lirttc
protett to be tcr‘y eilectite.

ilre bottle bill ttotiltl place a mandatory deposit oi lite
cents on all bottles and carts. According to NYl’iRii it
would also create 4.000 robs. sate coristriricrs -lt') itiillioir
dollars annually and srrte 000,000 tons ol glass.itil.00il ions
ol steel and |0.000 tons of aliriiriirtriir annually.

SUNYAnd Soviets

During the lzill semester of each academic year. SUNYA
ollcrs to ll-ll stttdcrtts the opportunity to slirircdorrnittrry
suites ttitlr tisiiing students from the Sotiet Union. llie
suites are tour or live man suites in l'en llrocck Hall on
Dutch Quad. '1 tto Soviet sttttlcrits occupy one roorti in each
sirttc.

lhe Sotier sttideirtscorne to Albariyas part ol the SIINY
exchange prograrii with the Moscow State Institute ol
foreign languages that Inis been in operation since the iall
of 1974. lhc exchange is part ol the ollrcial cultural
agreement itcl\\‘t.'L'lt the United States and the ll,S.S.R,and
is the only undergraduate exchange program in existence
beitteeri the ttto colittlt‘ics. The Soviet stridents‘arc selected
on a conrpetiiite basis Ir'om the lristittrte students who Irate
the highest acrttlcritic records. They are all preparing to he
oiiieral Sotret Interpreters or translators. most of \t'ltitttt ttill
be assigned to the United Nations. a Sotret embassy. or it
special nrission. lliey all speak Iinglish lltlL'lIii)‘. 'l o date all
Sotrct participants Irate been ltlL'iI. We do not expect illlf.
\torrreii participants before the Fall oi I‘llii).

SIINY students who are selected to participate iii this
rrrlercriltirial litrrig program littvc ti chance to gain a lirst
liairtl insight rrito what life is like iii the Sotiei Union and
itito their attitudes toward otir country. llrcy also irate the
opportunity to help irilorrtt the Sotiet students about the
American ttay of life aritl to correct tthatetei
iiiisinloiirarirori they may hate about tis. SllN‘r' sltttlt‘tils
ttlio liritc prtrticrpaled iii this iitiiigrrirarigciirerit lizite ioirrrd
it a stimulating and enjoyable t.‘\|l(‘llClli't‘.

interesting students should make application as promptly
as possible to the ()ilicc of litter national l’tograiiis, I'll ll» Iii.
l‘clephotrt' 457-8078.

 

Simian News Briefs

 

W

 

 

 

 

 

 

4,.

APRIL 24, 1979

 

 

i

Cuit Craze F oat

 

 

3“ By W ertz

 

Make People Aware Of .Dangers

ALBANY (PINS) Three million
Americans espouse the
teachings of more than 3,000
religious and semi-religious
groups in the United States
today. The leaders of these sects
range from Jesus Christ and
Buddha to Charles Manson and
Jim Jones. The public has been
introduced to the various cults
through the groups' unique ac-
tions which speak louder than
their teachings.

The Farm. a I,200-mcmber
commune in Tennessee, has
donated more than $1 million to
build homes and hospitals for

earthquake victims in
Guatemala.

The bible of the Church of
Satan, on the other hand,

declares: “If a man smite you
on the check, smash him in the
other."

The cult craze came to public
light a decade ago when Charles
Manson convinced his followers
to go on a murderous rampage

    

in California. More. recently,
Reverend Jim Jomes persuaded
more than 900 members of his
Peoples Church to commit mass
suicide following the cult’s
murder of a congressman.

Assemblyman Robert Wertz
(RC-Long Beach) has claimed
cult recruitment has reached
“epidemic proportions" in New
York State. Wertz said he will
introduce legislation to create a
task force to identify groups
which operate through brain-
washing. This, he said. he
designed to make young people
aware of the practiées and
dangers of cults. The bill would
allocate half a million dollars to
the Assembly Mental Health
Comnrittce for the study.

Two years ago. Wertz's bill to
ban “pseudo-religious” cults
was defeated on constitutional
grounds.

Wertz’s bill defines a cult as
an organization that: raises
money as a primary function.

Smoke from it nearby brusliflre swept over campus early Monday afternoon.

Iii/lo wllrg clouds of .t'IImkt.‘ and tire prutgerrl odor of hunting.

Photo: Mike Farrell

uses mind control as a major
tenet and isolates members
from people outside the group.

Religious groups to be
studied by the task force would
include the Unification Church,
Krishna Consciousness, the
Church of Scientology and Way
International.

An informational .drivc,
aimed primarily at high school
and college students, would
utilize pamphlets, sessions, and
even material on the backs of
matchbooks.

“We do not want to infringe
on freedom of choice," Wertz
said, “but people need to know
more information about these
cults."

Sociologists who have studied
cults find that marry converts
are young people who are un-
successful in dealing with life‘s
problems and are seeking in-
stant solutions supplied by
others.

Dr. William J. Winter, a

.r.rvtna-nnta-i-snaxknt-A-r

Florida ne'uropath'olog‘ist, said
the conversions are'most suc-
cessful When‘young people are
highly disturbed over crises,
such as the loss of a lover or
failure in college.

Wertz agrees that college-age
people are extremely susceptible
to edit teachings.

“The college student may feel
guilty because his father is
paying his way through college
while another college student
has to work his way through,"
Wertz said. “They want to do
something good for society, and
before they know it, they are
trapped. We’ve had too many
children who have committed
suicide. been admitted to men—
tal institutions, and whose min—
ds have been damaged per—
manently for their intermingling
with cult members."

Spokespcople for the dif-
ferent organizations in question
have voiced concern over Wer-
tz’s proposed legislation. Tltcy
feel it's an attempt to institute
“state control of religion."

“What utter garbage." said
Cathy Lowry. director of public
affairs for Reverend Moon’s
Unification Church. The ctrlt
currently boasts 37,000 U.S.
followers.

> ~ - .. l - - - i . . . t _ . . . .. , - . ‘ ‘

-"‘A3 a V taxpayer," Lowry
said, “I can’t believe I pay in-
come taxes to the State of New
'York in order for these men
(Wertz and other legislators) to
determine what is a state-
approved ~ religion and what
isn't.”

Lowry denies that the Church
uses mind control or segregates
its members from society.

“We don‘t mind any in-
vestigations done on any
religions.” said Gadadhara
Pandita dasa, a New York
spokesman for KrishnaCon-
seiousncss. “We have no
qualms about people in—
vestigating our religion. But if
his motivation is one of
religious bigotry. we don’t sup-
port him."

Members of both cults and
established religions have
viewed any state intervention in
religious activities as a violation
of the U.S. Constitution's doc-
trine of "separation of Church
and State.”

Molly Koch, founder of the
Personal Freedom Foundation.
a Baltimore-based anticult
groirp, concedes that “We can
get into all kinds of trouble if
the government starts defining
what a valid church is.”

Fire Rages Near SUNYA

 

Firefighters Battle Blaze

by ('Iirt rles lit-ll \

llillowing clouds iii smoke and tltc
ptiitgcnt odor of burning iioliite
interrupted tlreactisiticsol strideuis
all titer citritptts yesterday its
a brush lire raged just beyond
SUNYA‘s \testern edge.

'I he lire. which began in art area
beyond I’rrllcr Road. has lotrglrt by
lircliglitets Irorir the MeKottntille
atiti Albany l‘irc Depriritiierrts.
according to it spokesman lor the
McKotvnvillc company,

llayden ('arrtitlr. one oi the three
SUNYA students who assisted in
sqttelcliirig thc bla/e. said that he
and several companions first
tlctectctl tlte stiiok‘c at about titre
p.rn.

Solution For Poor Auto Repairs

 

 

Department IS Negotiator

ALBANY (PINS) For most
people, a squeaking, sputtering,
or hanging aritoriiobile means
shelling out dollars to the auto
iircchanic. But what if the car
was repaired at a cost of $180,
and two days later you hear the
smite noisy symptoms which the
mechanic claimed were
repaired?

According to 'l‘iionras Mc-
Mamis, Director of the New
York State Division of Vehicle
Safety, llicre is a solution. In
[974, under the New York State
Atito Repair Registration Act,
the Depai'tiirent of Motor
Vehicles became the regulatory
agency for repair shops when
dealing witlr ctistortrcr com»
plaints.

“We try to act as
negotiator," MeManirs‘ said.
“we contact the repair shop
and try to solve the problem.

APRIL 24, 1979

And we‘re pretty successful
with this. If the problem persists
we send it field investigator to
the repair shop and .to examine
the car."

Another spokesman for the
Department of Motor Vehicles
(DMV) reported that since the
inception of the program in
l975. there Itave been more than
30,000 complaints -— the
majority of them for incom-
petent repairs. As a result of
their intervention, more than
$200,000 has been returned to
customers in the form of service
or refunds; N73 hearings have
been held by tltc department for
more serious violationsVr llt)
repair shop licenses ltavc been
suspended; 5| licenses have
been revoked; rind tltc DMV has
imposed civil penalties totalling
more than $l(il .000 iii fines.

“It‘s not otrr purpose only to

prove the ctistorncr right,"
McManus said. “It's our pur-
pose to determine the actual
facts of the case. What we're
trying to achieve is both parties
feeling, in the end. that they
were treated fairly.”

One owner of an auto repair
shop agreed that customers
should be careful when
choosing a mechanic, birt felt
that mechanics. too, had a valid
argument.

“People think every garage is
a rip—off." said the owner. “A
garage should be responsible for
what it titres. Almost all ilrc
work we do comes with a
warranty. Some places don't
give warranties. but I feel my
work is good enough to be
guaranteed."

He explained that it's often
difficult to diagnose it car's
repair needs when several sym-

"We smelled the smoke {lilti-
tttllotscd it off tlte podium." saitl
('trtrtitli. "After about liitecit
minutes we came to an open area
beyond l-trllci‘ Rotttl \\’lti.'l‘t‘ tlte liriisli
tvas on lire."

('JII't‘llllI said that lire department
tclricles arrived on the scene sctcral
minutes later. after hitting hcgtrrr
lighting Ilie contlrigrriiiort from the
nest srtle.

SUNYA student .chI Kocstcr said
that thc lirclighlcrs on the scene
requested the assistance oi the
orilookirrg students. Wilt) heat tlottri
Homes with brooms and rakes and
tirade lir‘ebr'cak's to keep tlte hla/c
from spreading.

A spokesperson lor the

McKownviIle Fire Department said
that there was no damage to
property as a result til the fire.

SIINNA student Sally Anti
Ilreelier . tvlto \I'iIlIL’SSCd tlicl'ir .sriitl
that the strong Willii was responsible
for bringing ilre thick clouds of
smoke to earrrptrs.

Students in all corners of the
ctiiirptrs reported hating noticed the
Irntistrrilly licrrty smoke during
yesterday rillerooorr. According to
sortie persons ttlio ttere on the
podium ycslcrtlat afternoon. the
clleets oi the lite were detectable iii

 

tltc air as late as three p.rri.

‘lhe Mt‘KithHIllL’ department
spokesman said that the blit/c \tris
under control sliorily heiore three

 

ptonis are related to one major
atito problem.

The owner added that clients
often diagnose their car’s
problems and want the work
done without having the
mechanic lest the car.

“Later, when the problem is
still there. tvc get blamed for Il()i
repairing it correctly,” he said.

In addition to coristiriier'
protection in New York State
under the Auto Repair Slurp
Registration Aci, consumers
have some protection under
federal latv. The Fair (‘redit
Billing Act allows it credit ctird
customer who is dissatisfied
with repairs. anti hits tried
negotiating with the auto
mechanic to withhold payment

ALBANY STU DENT PRESS

from the credit card company.
Tire company must their in-
vestigate the complaint and
cannot pursue the debt until it
has responded to the consumer.
This federal law covers arty
credit card transaction ex-
ceeding $50. To use this right,
the customer must send a letter
to both the credit card company
and the mechanic explaining the
situation.

According to the Federal
Trade Conunission, payment
with a credit card gives the
customer an effective tool for
negotiating with the mechanic.

Under the New York State
regulation, it makes no dif-
ference how the auto repair

cunt/lined on page seven

PAGE T‘ﬂREE ~

 

 

