 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Fighting Goes on in Vietnam
BANGKOK. THAILAND (AP)~ China and Vietnam are

'rnay be the decisive battle of the Chinese invasion.
both sides were moving along with heavy artillery.toward
Lang Son, the northeast Vietnamese city astride the
centuries-old invasion route from China. Heavy ﬁghting has

Dong Dang, seven miles from Lang Son. Foreign reporters
who visited Lang Son Tuesday said they were told ,the
.Chinese were holding the hills on one side of Dong Dang, and
.the Vietnamese had the hills opposite them. Bangkok sources
I believed the Chinese planned to deal a ﬁnal blow to the
Vietnamese, then in three or four days withdraw most of the

 

forces who poured across the frontier Saturday with the
declared aim of putting down border provocations. But
Japan‘s Kyodo news agency said a government ofﬁcial in
Peking told it if Vietnam moved regular forces into the area
to replace the militia that has beendoing most ofthe ﬁghting,
,thc ﬁghting would go on. The intelligence sources said Hapor
was in fact moving regular army reinforcements up to the
border to relieve militia units battered in the first days oi
fighting.

U. S. Surveys Arab Defense

 

WASHINGTON (AP) Responding quickly to an appeal
from President Anwar Sadat, the Carter administration will
send a special survey team to Egypt in April to measure that
country‘s weapons needs. The Pentagon team's mission
could be the ﬁrst step in a new move by the administration to
cqip Egypt with modern arms. The impact on Mideast peace
talks. now in their second. secrecy-shrouded day at Camp
David. Md., was not immediately clear. But Israel and its‘
supporters would be wary of any move by the White House

to boost the strength ofsurrounding Arab countries. Sadat

lodged his appeal for modern American weapons at a

 

meeting Saturday in Egypt with U.S. Defense Secretary

reported pouring troops into the Lang Son front for what

intelligence sources said tens of thousands of soldiers on

been reported for several days around the border village of

.- World news briefg

Harold Brown. With Iran's sudden breakaway from the
Western camp, Egypt is offering itself as a potential guardian
of U.S. interests in the Middle East. The survey WI" incluude
. ~ military ofﬁcers and technicians. "We feel we Just had to take
a hard look at their defense needs," said one U.S. ofﬁcial,
Who asked not to be identified. He said the assessment would
be given to Brown, who then would consult With President

Lloyd’s of NewYorh Planned

ALBANY, N.Y.(AP) New York state is going to try toset up
some competition for the high-risk insurance business made
famous by Lloyd's of London. And there are Jokes that
maybe the new concern will be called “Al's of New. York."
After more than a week of deadlock, key legislators on
Wednesday jovially settled a feud over some rule changes
which had brieﬂy appeared to jeopardize the planned
opening ofa Lloyd’s of London-type insurance exchange in
New York City. The chairmen ofthe Senate and Assembly
insurance committees, together with state insurance
Superintendent Albert Lewis. reached agreement on a
compromise bill which is scheduled for passage in both
houses on Monday. That should clear the way for the
exchange, which state ofﬁcials hope will provide thousands
ofjobs in the business ofinsuring unusual kinds of risks, to
, start writing policies by October.

vote For Republic in Iran

TEHRAN, IRAN (AP’) Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini has
promised a national referendum in two weeks so the Iranians
can say if they want the Islamic republic he promised them as
the goal of their revolution. It will be the ﬁrst of four national
votes planned by the 78-year-old religious leader and his
aides. An announcement by Prime Minister Mehdi
Bazargan‘s provisional government said the voters would be

ask one question: “Do you favor an Islamic republic?"

Bazargan said earlier the refendum would be followed by the
election of a constitutional assembly to approve a new

' "constitu

tion abolishiii‘g the 2,500-year-old monarchy is
establishing the republic. After the assembly adopts the
constitution, there will be another referendum to approve it,
1l'hen a Parliament will be elected and will name a
government to replace Bazargan's provisional cabinet.

Cigarettes Cause Less Cancer

BOSTON (AP) Newly discovered microscopic evidence
shows the death rate from lung cancer will probably decline
in coming years because smokers have switched to cleaner
cigarettes, researchers say. Their study found that the
cigarettes being smoked in the 1970's cause far less cancer-
linked lung damage thanthose ofthe I950‘s, which contained
more tar and nicotine. Cells in the lungs of recent smokers
had at least to times fewer pre-cancerous abnormalitiesthan
those of men who smoked l5 years ago, they said. “We were
all astounded at the ﬁndings," Dr. Oscar Auerbach, one of
the researchers, said in an interview. The average cigarette
smoked now contains far less tar and nicotine than those
available in the 1950's, the researchers said. indeed. the
highest tar brand on the market today delivers less tar than
the lowest tar brand smoked before 1954. Despite the
improvements, however, the doctors warn that smoking is
still dangerous and should be avoided.

Cauthen to Race in Europe

D

 

NEW YORK (AP) Hurry llacck, jockey Steve Cauthen‘s
agent says news that his client would sign to ride for one year
iii Europe came its a complete surprise to him. 'l‘hc contract
between the yotittg riding whi/ and linglish owner Robert
Stingstcr is to he signed today according to a Santa Anita
source. l’IllCCk, who became ('ttuthcu’s agent during the
rider's rcccnt l [0-day wiulcss slump at Santa Anita, heard of
the upcoming agreement on television and immediately went
to the track‘s administration offices for more information,
where it was reported that he “was quitc upset.” Sangster has
said that he has already signed the 18—year-old to a contract
that will reportedly pay him $400,000 over the standard
jockey fee of IO percent of his purse winnings. Cauthcn had
failed to . maintain his almost unbelievable winning
percentage that earned him more than $6 million as an
apprentice in 1977. and that is believed to-bc one of the

 

 

reasons for his decision to race abroad. /

 

' l

 

\

'  Fellowships To The Rescue

mumst .m

‘ It you've been wondering how you‘re goingto ﬁnance grad
school next fall. you might be interesting in applying for one
1 of two fellowship awards currently being offered by the
I SUNYA Alumni Association.
The Husted Fellowshipis a $500 award offered annually to
i a graduated student who holds a bachelor's degree from
SUNYA and has been in residence at the University for at
least two years as an undergraduate. The award is made from
the Husted Fund, which was established in recognition of Dr.
Albert N. Husted's ﬁftieth year on the faculty.

The Agnes E. Futtcrer Memorial Fellowship of $500 is
also awarded annually to it graduate student meeting the
same requirements mentioned above. This award is made
from the Agnes E. Futtcrer's contribution to the

, development of theatre at SUNYA.
Both fellowships may be used for graduate study at
: SUNYA or any other accredited university. The Futtcrer
Fellowship, however, must be used for study in theatre or
theatre related ﬁelds.

The fellowships will be awarded on Alumni Day, May 19,
l979. Application forms are available from Alumni Affairs
Office, Alumni House, State University of New York at
Albany, Albany, New York, l2222, and must be returned to
the Alumni Ofﬁce before April I.

Stop The Olympic Prison

The international campaign to stop the I980 Olympic
athlete village from being used as a federal youth prison at
the conclusion of the Olympic games is coming to Albany.
On March 5. I979 at It p.m. Brian Wilson, the Director of

than a 40 year-old with it drunk driving record.

As part of their campaign for rate reform, NYPIRG l5
bupporting lcgisltition that would change the classification
system so that factors such as age and sex will not be
‘wcightcd more than the individual‘s driving record and
experience.

According to SUNYA NYI’IRG Chairperson Larry Bacr,
the benefits reaped by such reform could amount to

“‘hundrcds and thousands of dollars for SUNYA students

alone."

This Land Is Whose Land

Will the state of Maine be turned over to the lndians
claiming they own the land? This and other questions will bc
answered (or at least discussed) on Monday, March 5 at
Albany Law School. On hand to discuss the issue of the
Maine land claim will be Thomas Tureen of the Native
American Rights Foundation. The program is scheduled to
begin at 7:00 p.m. '

'And on Wednesday, March 7, Assemblyman Arthur Eve
Will be at the Law School to talk about crime prevention as
opposed to detention and capital punishment. Ev'e will be
speaking at 5:30 p.m.

BOl‘h Programs are being sponsored by BALSA, the Black
American Law Student's Association in conjunction with the
Iusttce Jackson Lecture Series of Albanv Law.

 

Problem-Solving '0 CA Orientation ‘

by Juliette Montemurro '

On Saturday, March lo, the Off Campus Association (OCA) will
hold an all day orientation to" help people avoid or solve the many
problems that can arise while living in the Albany community. The
orientation will begin at 9a.m. and will be held in the Campus Center.

Explained John Kennedy,
coordinator of OCA. “moving off is
moving into reality. We try to make
the transition easier for students by
showing them what to expect." The
orientation will comprise a great
deal ofthe knowledge that OCA has
acquired, Kennedy said.

reality. Wetryto makethetransition
easier for students by showing them
what to expect.“ The orientation will
comprise a great deal of the
knowledge that OCA has acquired,

Kennedy said.

Topics covered will include;
tenant rights, what to do if a
landlord slaps up a wall in the living
room. calls it two bedrooms, and
raises the rent $100, or what to do if
the refrigerator goes unfixcd for
three days; a look at the
neighborhood, people, and politics
of Albany; what kind of apartment
to find and how to ﬁnd it; a
consumers guide to Albany; and
community service.

' One workshop will deal
specifically with housing codes and

 

“There were no real demons, no

talking dogs, no satanic henchmen,"
Berkowitz said in a free wheeling
casual 66-minute interview with The
Associated Press and two
newspapers, The New York Times
and Newsday.
“I made it all up via my wild
imagination so as to find some form
ofjustification for my criminal acts
against society," he said. As to the
real reason for the‘ murders,
Berkowitz said there was none. "It.
was motivcless and senseless."

Berkowitz, 25, is in protective
custody at the state correctional
facility here as inmate “78-A-l976,"
serving a 3l5 year prison term for
murdering six persons and injuring

 

 

 

Red Light On Auto Insurance

S.T.O. P. (Stop the Olympic Prison), will s eak at a public
meeting at the First Presbyterian Church, . trite and Willett
Streets, Albany.

Wilson will discuss how this “Olympic Prison“ violates the
Olympic spirit ofinternational goodwill; why a new prison is
not needed; and the problems created by incarcerating urban
youth in a rural institution.

Wilson is an attorney and the founder of the National

As automobile insurance rates are growing by leaps and
bounds, the New York Public Interest Research Group is
taking steps to lessen the ﬁnancial burden.

A petition drive scheduled to begin at SUNYA on
Tuesday, February 27 will kick off NYPIRG's statewide
campaign for auto insurance reform.

“College students are the hardest hit victims of the age

Mammium on prison construction, a church~fundcd discrimination used by the auto insurance companies in

organization.
This discussion is sponsored by Community legal Right
and Anchor Associations.

 

 

 

establishing rates," said the project's director Mario Carino.
5 He said that under the present insurance rate system a 20
year—old male with a clean driving record could pay more

 

-

 

 

Gwyn news briefs #

 

g .
PAGE TWO

 

FEBRUARY 13, 1979 '

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

/

 .tL-rrr‘~:.1wt§i- 4.2%,.usmxmmmwmtm. t

rSon, 0f Sam Killer Says 7
Visions Of Demons Fake

ATTICA, NY. (AP) Hoping his words would sabotage a potential
multimillion-dollar book-movie deal about his life, Son of Sam killer
David R. Berkowitz said Thursday that his claims of demonic.
‘ossession were merely a product of “my wild imagination."

seven others during a year long
shooting spree with a .44 caliber
Bulldog revolver. He will first be
eligible fOr parole when he is 54.
The blue~eyed. curly haired killer
said his “invented” tale about
demons was a “mental justiﬁcation
used simply to cover up a guilty
conscience. 1 attached a cause to my
actions in order to'condone them."

Wearing green khaki pants and a
long-sleeved, gruy corduroy shirt,
Berkowitz smiled and laughed
frequently during the talk-show like
session, especially when reporters
indicated they were secret. “i feel at

'The

 

peace with myself,“ he said smiling
:ontently at one point.

 

by Christopher Koch

in a speech sponsored by The
Young Socialist Alliance, Halstead
outlined the history of the anti-war
movement and its origins in the “Ban
The Bomb" ovemcni of the 1950's.
He also Hoke about his personal
views on socialism and his
involvement with the current nuclear
energy protests.

Beginning his speech by sayingthc
US. government has “not told the
American people the truth" about
the use of the atom bomb on Japan

 

.1.

enforcement, small claims court, and

apartment security. This wor'zshop
will be presented by people from the
United Tenants of Albany, the
Albany Police Department, and
NYPIRG. .

There is a one dollar registration
fee which covers the cost of the
workshops, an information packet,
lunch, and a wine and cheese
reception which will follow the
orientation.

According to Kennedy, OCA is
also participating in the "love thy
neighborhood” presentation on Feb.
24 at the Westminster Presbyterian
Church on State Street.

They will also be presenting a
program on WCDB every
Wednesday night at l0:00 p.m..
Kennedy said.

Coordinator John Kenned ex lalns’ihe new OCA community program.
Eastng students into the Albany community.

Pro-School Fun And Learning

 

Handicapped Learn at Draper

by Pamela Cherniek

Few SUNYA students seem to be aware of the Draper Campus.
Even fewer know about the Pre-school on the second ﬂoor in
Richardson Hall. But the Stage School in Richardson is a place of
learning for developmentally delayed and/or multi-handicapped
children between the ages of two and ﬁve.

Everything on the floor is geared
toward pre-school learning.
Walking up the steps a visitor is
greeted with smiling faces, numerous
pictures, easels, toys and other
reminders that youngsters are about.
eleven children presently
enrolled in the program swim one: a
week, go on ﬁeld trips, visit ﬁre
stations, or spend their hours doing
equally enjoyable things.

However, Stage School isn't all
fun and games. Individual
instruction is given to build strengths
in the ﬁve major skill areas:
personal/social interaction, gross
motor coordination, ﬁne motor

rattan.

Fred Halstead, socialist, author, and former anti-war activist came
to SUNYA last Thursday night as part of a speaking tour to promote
his new book on the anti-war movement, Out Nowl: A Participant's
View of the Vietnam Anti-War Movement.

at the end of WW II, Halstead said,
"We were told that the bomb let us
avoid an invasion of Japan when in
actuality, Japan was already sueing
for peace at the time we dropped it."
Ilc went on to say that the real
reason the U.S. used the atom bomb
was “to pre-empt Russia's
involvement in the Far East and to
show the world that we had the guts
to use the bomb.“

According to l-lalstead. the “lion
’l'hc llornb“ movement arose out of

“a resistence among some nuclear
scientists of the late 40's and early
50‘s to developing more nuclear
weapons." The real dangers of
nuclear energy he said, were “buried
by the U.S. government in the
communist witch-hunts of the
McCarthy period."

Halstead went on to say that “at
the ' 9' v we in the ‘
all thought nuclear power was okay.
It wasn‘t until I968, when Japanese
scientists who had studied the

Hiroshima and Nagasaki victims.

told me of the dangers, that l began
to oppose nuclear energy,"

In a vigorous denuciation of
today's nuclear power plants,

coordination, language
development, and perceptual-
cognitive learning. Speech therapy is
also provided three times a week.
School is open ﬁve days a week
from nine a.m. to one p.m. Three
certiﬁed teachers who are pursuinga
Masters Degree in
Education from SUNYA, under the
supervision of a master teacher, run
the classroom. In addition,
community service volunteers work
with the children. Presently, ﬁfteen
SUNYA volunteers are at work at

' Stage School.

The program is a collaborative
effort between Eleanor Roosevelt

Halstcad said “there is no safe level
of radiation. Any and all radiationis
dangerous." He also said that
nuclear power plants today produce
over two tons of dangerous nuclear
wtistc ti year, which cannot be made
safc for over half a million years. He
quoted Colorado Senator Gary Hart
as. saying “the way to convert a
nuclear power advocate into an
opponent is to store nuclear waste in
his state."

In an emotional ﬁnal statement on
nuclear energy, Halstead said” “the
American people will have to rise in
anger against nuclear energy as they
did against the Vietnam war and tell
our political leaders to stop this
madness.“ He also said that a mass

.anti-nuclcar energy march on
Washington is now being planned
for early 1980.

Speaking on the Vietnam years,
[Holstead said the war was “one of
the biggest foreign policy mistakes
ever made by the U.S. government.
it was an ignominious, crushing, and

‘ ttctal defeat. The politicians involved

should get down on their knees and
sk the American people for

f rgiveness for the lives lost in
ietnam.“

In an interview before his speech,
Hulstead said the FBI had made
serious attempts to disrupt the an-
War movement. “They put
pl s into the movement to
cause violent disruptions.“ Halstead
said that he received anonymous
letters that made “violent and
slanderous“ accusations against the
anti—war leaders. “Sometimes, the
FBI would even forge signatures of
anti-writ leaders on these letters,
trying to force conflict between the

Special.

. of order."

Developmental Services and the
SUNYA Educational Psychology
Department. SUNYA provides
space, secretarial assistance and
intern supervision. Eleanor
Roosevelt Developmental Services
provide speech therapyI
psychological evaluations.
occupational and physical therapy.

The director of the program,
Gloria Hill, and case-coordinator,
Sandra Schwadron are very
enthusiastic about its progress.
~Schwadron describes the school as
“more than just a play group.“ Stage

School has been in existence from
seven years, although through the
,years it has changed its focus.

Complications may however
arise. Eleanor Roosevelt may be
,withdrawing from the program in
'June, in which case services will have
to be provided by another source.
anti-war organizations. The RT
broke into our ofﬁces 92 times. They
even stole my briefcase once, looking
for some kind of secret conSpiracy.

Rut ttiere was no conspiracy. We did
everything in the open; not ing was
kept secret. The FBI did not succeed
in disrupting us because of our non-
violent policy. If someone in the
movement proposed a violent
action, we immediately put him out

According to Halsteiid, the peak
of the anti-war movement came in
I971 after the “May-Day“ protest in
Washington in which l2,000 people
were arrested, and after the famous
incident in which the Vietnam Veter-
ans Against the War symbolically
threw their medals back at the
government in a demonstration
outside the Capitol.

Halstead's committmcnt to
socialism is as sincere as his other
interests. “Socialist control of large
companies is inevitable in America,"
he said. “By making large companies
public property we can eliminate the
dead weight in our economy in the
form of inefficient small companies.
These small companies would either
be absorbed or be competed out of
the market by the larger
corporations."

When asked about the recent
situation in Iran, Halstead said "if
this (the revolution) had happened in
the 60's, we would now have U.S.
troops in iron. The fact that we
stayed out of Iran proves that we did
learn something from Vietnam.”

llnlstctid quoted Henry Kissingeraa
saying that through his inaction,
“Jimmy Carter has lost Iran. How
. continued on page severi

 

 

FEBRUARY 23. 1979

.1 ‘KKM5ggqtj.._/.,cu. ..,., . ,

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE THREE

 

