 

 

 

 

 

 

Protest Against Treaty

TEL AVIV (AP) Israeli troops ﬁred into a crowd of rioting
Arab students in the occupied West Bank yesterday, killing a
l7-year-old schoolgirl and a man aged 2i, the military
command said. A third demonstrator was wounded, it said.
The military governor of the West Bank and other Israeli
authorities were investigating the incident. the worst so far in
protest against the Egyptian-Israeli peace treaty. The

soldiers and civilians was caught in a violent outburst by
hundreads of students onthe main road in Halhoul." 20 miles
south of Jerusalem. In addition to Halhoul. demonstrations
ﬂared in ﬁve other West Bank towns. Outlawed Palestinian
flags were raised in Bir Zeit and Jericho. Youths erected
stone barricades on roads in Beit Jalla, Jericho. Hebron and
Halhoul. and students stayed away from school in Ramallah.

US Oil Problems Increasing

 

WASHINGTON (AP) The United States was reported
yesterday to be threatened with it much heavier shortage of

a change in the way oil companies allocate worio supplies.
The report by The New York Times quoted Energy Secretary
James R. Schlesinger as predicting the U.S. import shortage
would creep upward from the loss of about 500,000 barrels
daily to 800.000 barrels it day under the new distribution
formula. The newspaper quoted unnamed Carter
adtninistration and industry officials as attributing the
expected growing gap between U.S. petroleum supplies and
demand to a decision by international oil companies to
distribute available oil on the basis of how much a nation
normally consumes. rather than how much it imports. The
Times said this new allocation formula means the US. share
of the world oil supple shortage would rise from 25 percent to
40 percent. Because the United States produces about half
the oil it consumes, and imports the rest. it would have its
imports reduced more sharply to make its shortage
commensurate with that of other importing nations that have
no domestic oil supply. the Times said.

\

 

orld news briefs

Executions Continue in Iran

TEHRAN. Inn (AP) Former Prime Minister Amir Abbas

revolutionary court. charged with offenses that included
“creating corruption on earth" and “entering into batte
against God and his emissaries." The former prime minister is
the closet adviserto deposed Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi
known to be in the custody of Iran's revolutionary
government. The 57-year-old former government leader. his
head bent and hands crossed. sat in a stark makeshift
courtroom as the indictments were read and the prosecutor
asked the Islamic tribunal for the death penalty. The trial was

Egypt Gives Treaty Approval

CAIRO. Egypt (AP) The Egyptian Cabinet yesterday
approved the proposed peace treaty with Israel. and
President Anwar Sadat said he hoped the historic pact could
be signed in Washington next week. Sadat. who was at his
Nile-side villa during the Cabinet session. praised President
Carter for having mediated the peace negotations “in such a
marvelous way." The 32-member Cabinet unanimously
approved the treaty. clearing the way for consideration and
almost-certain approval by the Egyptian Parliament. Israel‘s
Cabinet is expected to give full approval to the document
Sunday. and the Israeli Parliament soon afterward. Sadat

announcement said the Showing occurred When “a group or Hoveida wcm m "m for his life yes‘erday before an mam“: and Israeli Prime Minister Menachem Begin are to travel to

Washington for the first signing of the treaty. followed by
similar ceremonies in Jerusalem and Cairo.

.Brazil Gets New Leadership

attended by about 200 spectators. About 62 persons have .

been executed since the monarchy was toppled in a popular
uprising last month. Most ofthem were convicted ofpolitical
crimes but some were executed for sexual offenses.

BANGKOK. Thailand (AP) Vietnam‘s troops were reported
harassing withdrawing Chinese troops yesterday as Hanoi
accused the Chinese of moving border markers south into
Vietnamese territory to alter the frontier. Kyodo. the
Japanese news service. said a Chinese ofﬁcial in Peking told
it the bulk ofthe Chinese invasion force has withdrawn front
Vietnam. and the pullout "will take another day or so" to
complete. Xinhua Hsinhua. the ofﬁcal Chinese news agency.
said the withdrawing forces were ﬁghting off harassing
attacks by Vietnamese troops. “Part of the enemy troops
were wiped out and the rest scuttled." said Xinuah. Analysts
in Bangkok said the Vietnamese were trailing the
withdrawing Chinese and attacking them in some areas along
the frontier.

BRASILIA. Brazil (AP) Gen. Ernesto Geisel passed the
Ilralilian presidency to another general yesterday. leaving
the country closer to democracy but with serious ﬁnancial
problems. The 70-year-old Geisel is handing the reins of
power to the man he picked. Geri. Joao Baptista Figucircdo.

. . . . . I C - ' ‘ ' I .. '.
oil imports than that caused by the Iranian crisis because of Chinese wlthdra-wal Nears    

faces will be controlling government spending. inﬂation and
foreign borrowing while maintaining Brazil's emergence as a
major industrial power in the Western democratic mold.
During his five-year tenure. Geisel revoked laws that gave the
Brazilian presidency one—man martial law powers. reduced
other laws promulgated to round up leftist siihversivcs and
dissidents and freed the country‘s magazines arid iicwspapci
front censorship.

j

 

 

 

 

 

 

Telethon Is Here

Tonight will mark the culmination of months of work by.
dozens of SUNYA students. as the l2th AnnualTeIcthon for
the Wildwood School gets underway.

Telethon '79 begins twenty-four hours of non-stop
entertainment in the Campus Center Ballroom at Ii p.m..
gathering on one stage talent from every far-flung corner of
the University.

The theme for the round—the-clock presentation is
“Through the Eyes of a Child". Certain segments of the
entertainment will be recorded on videotape for broadcast in
the wee hours of the morning Saturday. on all three
networks. Three hours of the festivities beginning at I0 am.
Saturday are dubbed “Children's Hour"- and so will be
devoted to the youngster in all of us.

Telethon was ﬁrst held in I967. when SUNYA students
helped raise a total of “2.000 to aidthe Wildwood School.
The project has grown along with the school itself. and in
1978 Telethon raised $31,000.

The Wildwood School is a cooperative venture between
parents and the community to develop a comprehensive
educational experience for children with developmental
disabilities. Telethon Co-Chairpersons Michael Faber and
Barbara Nasta said that they hope to raise enough money to
purchase a summer camp for the children of Wildwood.

Help Out OCHO

Interested in dealing with off-campus issues? WII. the Off
Campus Housing Ofﬁce (OCHO) may havejust the thing for
you.

Offcampus advisor positions are available for the 1979-80
academic year. Four advisers will be selected and will receive
a stipend and credit. Inquiries may be made at the OCHO
room I I0 in the Campus Center. The application deadline in
5 pm. Friday March 23. For more information contact
Frank Green (457-4841).

 

 

\

l ;
was “Llamas

 

Jazz Spirit Is Brewin’

The newly renovated I’roctor‘s Theater in downtowti
Schenectady. will host the world famous Preservation Hall
.lit/l [land on Marclt 25 at 8:00 pm.

Now in their 60's and 70‘s and 80's. the band members still
play With the spirit and joy that is symbolic of New Orleans
Jill]. They were ainongthe musicians who brought together
the marches. quadrillcs. blues. spirituals and ragtime to
create what has become ktiown as New Orleans jazz.

‘ The concert will be the third in the Spring Demonstration

Season sponsored at I’roctor‘s by the Arts Center and
I heater of Schenectady. Other events in the season were the
Blackstone Magic Show in January, and still to come the
Iloys of the Lough folk group on May 3rd.

 

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT muss

Carey Must Say No

Assemblyman Peter M. Sullivan (R-C White Plains) said
Monday that Governor Carey and SUNY Chancellor Clifton
R. Wharton must withdraw the proposed $I50 tuition hike
for lower division students since it violates President Carter's
anti-inﬂation guidelines.

“grail (gags: hfas already initiated talks with the White
  o Wages and Price Stabilization." Sullivan
said.

“In fairness to the students. their families and all state
residents who have dutifully and conscientiously followed
President Carter's anti-inﬂation policy. both the governor
and the chancellor must immediately withdraw their
proposal for tuition hikes or reduce them to a legitimate
level." the Westchcstcr assemblyman said.

The chancellor and governor say the added funds are

necessary to account for shortages in the system.
‘ White House aide William Brenncn said that tuition
increases are covered by the Presidential guidelines arid that
it did appear that Governor Carey‘s proposed tuition hikes
were a violation of at least the spirit of the program.

Ilrcnnen said that additional information was needed
before a formal ruling could be given.’

“I litid it difﬁcult to believe that the White House mull"
excuse the seven per cent level even ifthr: new money WINt 1“
bc earmarked for special uses." Sullivan said.

Sullivan noted that. accordingto Wharton the S‘H million
raised by tltc tuition increase would be dedicated to debt
bCrVICL‘ ($4 million). botid security and new equintm‘nl
purchases.

“"I'ax collections are expected to increase more than $900
million, and the governor is already planning on spendillu
$785 iitillion more than last year. Out of that motich “‘9
BUVcrnor can certainly find 59 million for the state
university." said Sullivan.

“It seems ttitally incongruous to me." Sullivan said. “that
“19 BOVcrnor cait spend $200,000 to expand his own office

staff. double the cost ofhundreds oflicensing fees to raise $25
million in new money and at the same time. attempt to force
Slate university students to pay 20 percent increases in colletlc
'tuitions."

‘( Slmya news briefs

MARCH 16. 1919

 

 

 

 

 

 

Housing Plan Passed For Dorms

by Laura Fiorentlno
‘ A SUNYA residence committee
unanimously decided yesterday to
approve the revised housing plan
that will keep Brubacher hall a
graduate dormitory and Pierce hall
undergraduate.

The revised housing plan was
proposed through a joint effort of
both Brubacher and Pierce
residents. as an alternative to the
original plans written by Director of
Residence John Welty.

Welty, in an effort to make room
for the estimated 391 additional
students in the fall. planned to
convert Brubacher ball into an
undergraduate dormitory and to
house the graduate students in
Pierce. Pittman. and Sayles Halls.
and the Wellington Hotel. Due to
the overwhelming protest he
received. the plans were revised.

Brubacher and Pierce residents
drew up an alternate plan which kept
the second and third floors of
graduate rooms, while renovations
on the first floor would

     
   

   

accommodate lOl undergraduates.
Additional undergraduate space
would also be made available at
Pittman. Pierce and the Wellington.
The number of singles allotted to the
grnudates would be limited to thirty-
two instead ofthe present sixty-four.
By this plan. 192 of the needed 316
undergraduate spaces would be
gained.

The Committee of Residences.
made up of both SUNYA students
and personnel. made their
recommendation to adopt the plan
with one reservation —- if the
graduate students are unable to ﬁll
the second and third floors of
Ilrubachcr. the extra space will be
given to undergraduates. The
committee's recommendations will
be given to one ofthe vice presidents
offices. where the ﬁnal decision will
be made.

Welty had proposed three other
plans besides the original. all which
drew negative responses from
downtown residents. In these plans
the graduate students felt their needs

 
 

 

Mm Roeenfeld c‘inited with SUNYA students last Tuesday.
0

mpemlon makes for good quality. "

Students Rally Against

by Christopher Koch

Participants in a conference on
Apartheid and Divestment held at
SUNYA last Saturday finalized
plans for a statewide student
dciiionstraiion against apartheid.

SUNYA Committee Against
Apartheid (CAA) member Bob
Cohen said that preparations made
for the April J rally at the SUNY
Plara was one of the results of the
meeting attended by
student organizations from eleven
college campuses. including eight
SUNY schools. The conference,
cosponsored by CAA, SASU. and
ASUBA. focused on actions which
students should take on South

  

 

...
CCA in
Private schools" are also Involved.

MARCH [6, i979 _

 

Photo: Mark Hr'mchef

African apartheid and divestment of
SUNY holdings in companies doing
business in South Africa.

Also present at the conference
was Dutnisani S. Kunalo. a South
African journalist and member of
thc Atticrican Committee on Africa.
who gave an address on his

experiences with apartheid and
urged students to push for
divestment.

Cohen. who was the main

organizer of the meeting. called the
effort a success. “We had over 54
people from all over the SUNY

system and from private schools
such as Columbia and Vassar

attending the conference."
( - . . .

s w

 

C hen has worked on plans for a student rails.
ember Bob 0 Photo: Mar emc e

     
    

were not taken into consideration.
One of their concerns was that they
remain together.

“Graduate students should be
kept together because we have the
same goals and objectives. We need
to work together and be around each
other." Brubacher resident Steve
Silverman said.

Other graduate students feel they
are entitled to the additional space in
Ilrubacher for single rooms and
study lounges. Bill Saxonis.
Brubacher resident said. “Grad
students have an extra work load
and it is necessary for us to have a
quiet place to study in." Some grads
also feel that making Bntbacher an
undergraduate dorm would ruinthe
clean and neat interior. since
undergrads tend to be less concerned
with their living quarters.

Welty said he had originally
planned to turn Brubacher into an
undergraduate dorm because it had
available space that other dorms did
not. “I understand the graudates
concerns. I obviously would like to

 

Bruhcher has been kept I graduate dorm but will house 101 under ads.

"Grad studenlr should be together. "

provide good housing and assist as
many students as I can. but with the
projected increased occupancy next
fall I had to look for available
space." said Welty.

Pierce residents were also upset by

Photo: Carolyn Sedgewick
Welty's proposed plan because it
would ruin their alternative living
environment. Pierce is referred to as
the quiet dorm because it is intended
to provide a quiet and relaxed
atmosphere in which to study in.

‘Famed Editor Speaks At SUNYA

by Nancy Russell

Ilarry Roscnlcld. editor of botli
the Albany Times Union and the
Albany Knickerborder News. came
to SllNYA's humanities lounge
Wednesday night at 7:30 for a
question-answer session with the
Journalism club.

Rtiseiifeld was the metropolitan
editor of the Washington Post when
Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein
broke the Watergate scandal. tHe
came to Albany for the editor
position because. “The chance to run
my own papers was attractive. That
would not happen in Washington."

Rosenfeld said that his job as
editor of both Albany newspapers is
very challenging. especially with the
tough competition between them. “I
was shocked when I came here. I like
competition because it makes for

, quality. but I was not prepared for

the kind of competition that exists
between the Times Union and the
Knick. There is a viciousncss to it
that angers me. I hope to mediuteit."

When asked what hisjob as editor

Apartheid

Cohen said that iii addition to
deciding on the April match. the
conference members agreed to start
a petition drive statewide in order to
present aii "impressive" number of
signatures for divestment before the
SUNY trustees when the
demonstration takes place.

“There is no excuse for SUNY to
remain a part of South African
Apartheid." Cohen said. Chancellor
Wharton has recommended that
every action be taken against the
South African government except
the one in which he has control over

divestment of SUNY funds. So
far, eleven other campuses have
divested their funds and these
actions have had a public impact."

According to Cohen. SUNYs
endorsement of the Sullivan
principles. guidelines for corporate
behavior in South Africa which have
been criticized by anti-apartheid
activists arid human rights advocates
as being inadequate to deal with the
question of apartheid.“would not be
enough.“ ASUIlA Chair toward
Strakcr hits been quoted as saying
that “the record demonstrates that
economic conditions for South

African Illacks have actually gotten
worse since the adoption of the
Sullivan PrinciMs."

of the two papers entails. ltoscnfeld
said. “What does a conductor do
with an orchestra? I'm the person
who makes sure that everyone toots
his horn in the riglii sequence. that
the music is good. and that everyone
stops at the same tiittc. Icame Itercto
itiukc these good papers excellent."

Roscnfcld tlid not iliirik his
connection with Watergate had
anything to do with his job offer in
Albany. “You would be surprised
how many people don't know I have
any connection with Watergate.” he
said.

Actor Jack Warden played the
role of Harry Rosenfeld in the movie
All lht‘ Preside/11's Mm. Rosenfeld
felt however. that he was not
accurately portrayed. “I got to know
Jack well during the filming.“ he
said. “There was nothing of me in
that character. Jack Warden played
.Iack Warden. I don‘t feel the movie
portrayed the true nature of the
editors."

Concerning the book All the
President's Men, Retenfeld said. "I

 

department
some very talented people here."

to resolve the matter.

1 concerning his resignation.

 

APBANY STUDENT-PEEP)?

.—.. -.« saw {

esigns ut
Reasons Kept A Secret

SUNYA nfl Department chair Richard Callner handed in his
resignation last Friday, but has declined to state his reasons until he
has concluded discussions with department faculty and students, in
hopes of quietly working things out.

Callner. has been meeting this week with members of the art
department to discuss the issues leading to his resignation. and is
hopeful that they can be resolved by Monday. He said thatit would be
“unfair to the faculty and students" to make a public announcement
concerning the matter until he has had a chanceto discuss it within the

He did express a hiin regard for the art program at SUNYA. “This
is a strong department," lie said. “one ofthe ﬁnest in the state. We have

‘ Art professor Edward Cowley also refused to discuss the reasons for
Ciillner's resignation, referring to the fact that meetings are being held

Callner said he hopes to make a public statement on Monday

lL'lll'IlCd a lot from the book that ldid
not know before. I think it was ati
lioitcst book. Not contrived at all."

Roscnfcld spoke of some
problems he faces as editor of both
newspapers. “The Times Union and
the Kiiickerbocker News will not
combine as one. I can‘t be more
emphatic. It‘s hard because I have to
be careful not to make them sound
alike. I can't homogenize the papers.

Although he said he Knew iilue
about it. Rosenfeld spoke briefly of
the job market
students. "Experience is .the best
thing." he said. “Ifyou are willingto
spend a few years learning your
trade. there is always room for
talented people." Concerning his
own work with young people
Rosenfeld said. “It's fun to work
ivitli thetn. They challenge us."

The session lasted about two
hours and was followed by
refreshments. at which time
ltoscnl'eld anchred individual

questions.
. 1

    

 

 

 

-by Mary Daley)

RAGE THREE

for journalism.

 

...r- ..-4-... .

 

 

 

