 

 

 

 

   
 

 

 ;

 

iEXtenged‘ Fllg hi" 0 ,

it's been a long time since the Eagles’ last
album, and a lot has happened to them since
then. Joe Walsh has made himself feel right at
home, Randy Meisner has left the band to be
replaced by Tim Schmit, and their recording

talents have atro led from disuse.

Rube ‘Cinque

The new album, The Long Run, is an L.A.‘-
produced houseraising, with friends like
Jimmy Buffet and David Sanborn around to
help out. Each cut is credited to two or more
composer/lyricists, which calls attention to
the lack of effort put into the album. Could it
really have taken three people to write "The
Greeks Don't Want Np Freaks"? Also,
Jimmy Buffet does no more than a backup
vocal on that cut, and all David Sanborn
brings along is an uninspired solo on “Sad
Cafe".

The Eagles were always good with lyrics;
The Long Run'soniy bright spot are the lyrics,
and even they are not what one would expect
of the Eagles. “King of Hollywood" drones on

with a movie mogul’s rap to a young starlet,

 

 

 

 

    

An electronically structured craft work,
Eat To The Beat is more technique than
talent.

Alive And Kickin

 

Mix a deep southern heritage with a gospel
twang and skillful guitar, and the result is an
easy combination to remember; Steve Forbert
'is his name. His style, well, l guess that is put
best in his own words, “...folk, rock 8: roll
country, rockabilly, soul, pop, gospel blues
music...American music with the accent on
the songs.” Whichever you choose, Forbert
has arrived, and on his own terms.

Ron Levy

 

The transition from performing as a warm-
up act to a sell-out headliner is probably one of
the most difficult in music. Some, such as

i Aztec Two-Step, lack the polish or uniqueness
that might set them apart. Theirs is the
kingdom oi the, “Appearing with..." label.
And until this past year, it was Forbert's do-
main as well. Alive on Arrival, his first album,
was the boost that put him to the top of the
marquis. Released about a year ago, radio sta-
tions soon found there was, as Steve said,

 

Where
Eagles Dare '

and ‘-‘Disco Strangler" offers us a retread oi
Looking for Mr. Goodbar. The title cut and
“Sad Cafe" are the best lyrics on the album;
although they, too have old stories to tell, they
at least steer clear of the mundane phrase.

The music on this album is, to be blunt,
lame. The Eagles are known for being laid-
back, and maybe as a reaction to that image,
they come out rocking, but it doesn't make it.
Don Felder's percussion is just too basic to put
in a hard-rock context. There is no drive to the
music. "in the City", Joe Walsh's reprise to
“Life's Been Good", is not as strong as the lat-
ter, and a lot of the cause is this lack of drive
which plagues the album. The talk among
musicians says that the life of the Los Angeles
studio men takes the grit and grime out of their
music; well, then it looks like the Eagles went
and got some clean grit.

There Is a tendency among music critics to
equate simplicity with commercialism and a

lack of talent, and so one might think that-

these complaints are nothing more than
sophisticated potshots. Actually, it would be
pointless to accuse the Eagles of "going com-
mercial". They staked out their territory In the

After the phenomenal success of last year‘s
Parallel Lines, many fans became curious as to
the musical direction Blondie was steering
towards. The album contained “Heart of
Glass," a song which somehow managed to
make it to the number one position on both
new wave and pOpular music charts. Blondte's
new album is now out. it is called Eat To The
Beat and It serves as a means of analyzing

both the maturation of the group and the
direction they are headed in.

At Baca

Blondle’s first album established the group
as an important entity in the world of New
York City underground music. it was superb
both lyrically and musically, exhibiting a raw
power which, combined with bitingly sarcastic
and Streetwise lyrics, made the album the
epitome of what is now called “power pop,"
“new wave," "punk rock," or whatever. One

 

Mississippi and hardly older than us at 24,
there becomes quickly evident an insight and
compassion for those working up from the
bottom. The South isn't known for being kind
to those who want to climb; it continuously
throws out obstacles to hinder success. Forbert
has made the climb, nor worse for the wear,
and is looking back for those who are unaware
oi life's injustices.

It was thirteen years ago that Steve Forbert
learned to play guitar. He went on to join up_
with a number oi rock bands on the high
school and college circuits while himself inter-
mittently attending junior college. Realizing
that his future was going to be stiﬂed by the
limitations oi his surroundings, Forbert packed
up and traveled to New York, (Schraift's
East"). That was In 1976.

it took twb' years oi on stage conditioning
before he Was refined enough to be taken
seriously. In an electronic era, this was a man
stepping on stage with only an acoustic guitar,
a harmonica and a gravelly twang in his voice -
the last two belrig m'utually exclusive. Danny

1 Sound and Weidn

  

The Eagles (left to right: Timothy B. Schmit, Don Felder, Glenn Frey, Don Henley, and

Joe Walsh). Overweight.

rock marketplace long ago. With the excep-
tion of this album, they have produced music
with the necessary hooks for airplay, and
enough idiosyncratic elements to identify their
’sound as well. On The Long Run, these iden-
tity elements are all but buried in a last stab at
rock'n’ roll, disco, or funk (take your pick).
Even on a commercial level, these are serious

of the album's superior qualities was the
unrefined voice of Debbie Harry. Her vocals

made many of the songs work. Just listen to _

"X Offender," or “Rip Her To Shreds" and
you'll see what i mean.

The group's second album, although not as
significant as the first, was important because it
rooted the band in the new wave world as one
which was definitely moving toward success,
which of course, was achieved with the release
of the third album, Parallel Lines. The cut,
"Heart of Glass" was unique because it ap-
pealed to both disco and new wave fans. Yes,
it was heavily polished and slickly produced,
but it still managed to retain that certain edge
which distinguished the song from other disco
songs.

Eat To The Beat is an important album in
the career of Blondie. In recording it, the
group had three options: attempt to retain the
national following they gained through the
success of "Heart of Glass," continue their
reputation as a supreme being amongst new

Forbert Arrives

(“Grand Central Station, March 8, 1977,"
and “Big City Cat") and those recurring pangs
of homesickness (“Tonight I Feel So Far Away
From Home") Forbert's performance In con-
cert retains the warmth and personality of his
album. Unlike the days of playing a solo
warm-up act, Steve is touring with his com-
plete studio band for accompaniment. (That
was bass player "Hugh" McDonald they were
chanting to). All seasoned musicians from the
southlands, the hand has been together long
enough to joke and improvise with the au—
dience, yet Steve's control is unmistakeable.
Midway through the show the stage was emp-
tied except for Forbert and Robbie Kondor on
accordian, to play two less dramatic love
ballads.

Picking up the tempo again Were a number
of songs from Forbert's upcoming album titled
Jackrabbit Slim. The story is gone. replaced by
simple rock & roll tunes played to a much
broader, ,or non-existant, theme. “Romeo‘s
Tune" and “Say Goodbye to thtie Jo" appeal
more to a driver listening on the freeways than

deficiencies.

The Eagles have been away from music for
a while, and it shows. The worst thing they
could do would be to hibernate for another
two years. Right now, their music has all the
impact of a 250-pound Muhammad Ali, and
there are a lot of Larry Holmeses in the rock
ring. —

wave bands, or going for some combination of
both. Unfortunately, the group opted for the
latter choice, thus resulting in it's contents
bordering somewhere between confusion and
disorder.

Blondie, in attempting this synthesis of
styles, has lost those ingredients which made
them unique. The band seems to have spent
more time indulging in the technicalities of
production techniques, a procedure frequent-
ly used In the disco industry, than in the basic
construction of the songs themselves. This is
evidenced by looking at the lyrics of some of
the cuts. They have lost their satirical tone and
are, for the most part, incidental and relatively
banal. The group may have realized this for
they did not enclose a lyric sheet with the
album. This situation of lyrical simplicity can
be best exemplified by looking at the words to
“Shayla.” one of several slow ballads on the
album: “Shayla worked in a factory. She was
in history. She was a number. One day she
got her final pay and she went far away." This

    

Steve Forbert plays "American music
with the accent on the song."

John Simon, former producer for The
Band, worked on Jackrabbit Slim with
Forbert. His Inﬂuence in the live unveilings is
apparent. Simon may have found the com-
bination Forbert needs to continue his climb
from a star to that flrial plateau, that of a

 

- r
i

 

Page 9a

 

:rSQundiand. Vision_

 

Love And ’M’arit‘a e

'l" ree’s

in the past l‘ve often complained about
movies that are cliche and predictable, but that
isn't always a bad thing. Cliches become
cliches because they get used a lot because
they provide some kind of interest - they have
the ability to move people In some way. Figur-
ing out the ending, even before you see the
movie, is alright as long as the way of getting
there is interesting - after all in a two hour
movie the ending only last two to five minutes
and while its the last thing we see it shouldn't
be the entire basis for judging the work as a
whole; there's still an hour and forty-five
minutes of drama that go before it. Finally,
cliches can be effective if they're done right,
that is, no one pretends that they're not cliches
and only concentrates on making sure they
appear new, different, or at least entertaining.
All of this is my long winded way of saying that
despite lt's flaws i enjoyed Starting Ouer im-
mensely. ‘

 

in many ways this is an amazing film,

n ecause its flaws are serious but the sheer

' harm and energy make them seem less im—

iéportant. Most of the fault lies with James L. '

3“Brook's script. For the past ten or so years,
iBrooks has worked with Mary Tyler Moore's

 

,
is not the style that made Blondie more than
> Just “a man among men" in the world of
I music. Compared with the likes of “X Of-
fender," the style is much less appropriate to
; the nature of the group.
Another ballad on the album in entitled
' “Sound Asleep”. it is reminiscent of a
children's lullaby. lt chronicles the thoughts
running through the mind of an insomniac, a
good Idea which falls short of perfection due
to the problems of overproduction. As is the
case with many of the songs, Debbie Harry‘s
voice is synthesized illltl over-dubbed to an on
fathomable extent. This is absolutely un-
necessary since her vocal rzrngu is strong
enough to he of merit witlioui the use of elec‘
ironic gadgetry which ruins that raw energy
which makes lit'l' voice so appealing. As it
sounds on this album, it is too slick and polish»
ed. The use of brrr‘ltgiouiiri vocals also coir
tributes to Ilit' iiii'piiivss of the pioduciion
They are unnecessary Illl(l t’VL‘il l)lll'LlCItS()llit.’.
There are, lii)\\lL’Vt'i, 54min roving grnrres to
the album. “Livuig in llit‘ iii-iii World." foi' ex
ample, (lL‘tilS with .i \Uttlilriii who prob-rs to livi-

show and Bob Newhart's. in both programs he
was content with letting poignant moments
stand on their own without worrying about go-
ing for the laugh, but for some reason he won't
do that here. Only one scene, a fight between
Phil Potter (Burt Reynolds) and Marilyn
Holmberg (Jill Ciayburgh), the first serious
woman in his life since his divorce from Jessica
(Candice Bergen), is played completely
straight. Don't get me wrong. most of the film
is very funny and it's nice to see some of the
scenes, especially the early ones between
Ciayburgh and Reynolds, played for laughs.
The problem is that we have to look behind
the jokes and extrapolate to find out what the
characters are feeling.

This is particularly true of Reynolds.
Ciayburgh and Bergen joke about their in-
securities so we see what bothers them, but
Reynolds is never given any kind of outlet
and, while we basically undertand how he
feels, his character ls never given the chance
to express what he thinks of his situation. I also
resented the way all of Jessica's feeling are
reduced to bad song lyrics. Brooks makes it
seem notable In her last scene, that Jessica
temporarily feels things deeply, but they only
views them as inspirations for a song. i don't
like it, but i think i know why Brooks does it.
He paints himself into a corner because
despite her spacey eccentricities Jessica is
quite llkeable, in some ways just as nice as
Marilyn; If nothing else she's not the bitchy ex~
wife we usually see in this kind of movie (she,
however, causes the divorce by committing
adultry with her husband's boss, but her
reasons for doing so are never explored).
Brooks has to do something to make one
more attractive than the other, so he makes It
seem that Jess will be able to pop back and
survive ~ something that seems doubtful from
her previous behavior. Marilyn ls much more
the survivor. The move was really totally un-
neccessary since most of the audience is
already rooting for Marilyn and all it ultimately
serves to do is unfairly reduce Jessie to a
parody of the unmaried woman previously
played by Ciayburgh.

Most of Pakula's films (All The President’s
Men. The Parallax View, Klute, and Comes a
Horseman) are dramas with few, If any, com-
edic touches, but here, In his first iullfledged
comedy, he proves his sense of humor is as
good as his sense of the dramatic. Pakula is
the kind of director who doesn't let you know
he's directing, at least not in obvious ways, but
here he draws laughs by dotiig small things,
like having a close-up of Renyolds' feet during
the usually romantic morning after scene.

This is not really a director's picture, but
Pakula keeps things moving and makes the
movie funny at the expense of no one: it,
thankfully, lacks the cruel tone of many
modern comedies. There is one un-
characteristically sloppy moment however,

company

when, in the second meeting at a divorced
men's group the whole cast is wearing exactly
what they wore in the first meeting, despite the
fact that we saw them all leave. i don't know
why it happened, but in a production of this

caliber there is no excuse for it.
in the long run what lifts Starting Over
above other films in the genre is the acting at a
letter perfect cast. Mary Kay Place, as one of
Renyold‘s first dates, Charles Durning (who i
usually hate) and Frances Sternhagen as his
brother and sister-in-law give strong, funny
performances. Burt Renyolds has finally
become the romantic leading man he's wanted
to be for so long, and it's a welcome change to
see him playing something other than a good
ole boy. it seems silly to this his best perfor-
mance since Deliverance because its his only
performance since Deliverance; Hooper,
Smokey and the Bandit. and The End were
only "fun with Burt and Sal". But here he has
to play a grown-up, three dimensional adult
confirmed on page 100

King Of Fright

Fear

Trembling

Being scared is one of the American fiction
reader's favorite pastimes. As if to prove it,
teacher-turned author Stephen King has once
again gotten himself on the best—seller list by
scaring people. The Dead Zone, now number
two on the New York Times best-seller list, is
King's fifth novel.

Jim Dixon

The Dead Zone, like most of King's other
Works, examines the increasingly popular (and
believable) field of psychic phenomena,
E.S.P., ielekinesls, and especially things that
go bump in the night. in The Dead Zone, the
bumpee is one Johnny Smith. English teacher
and all-around ilkeable guy who reawakens
from a four and a half year coma to find he
can see the future and read minds.

Naturally, Smith's life has been shattered;
his girlfriend has given up on him and gotten
married (and pregnant), his mother's religious
zeal has become a lunatic mania, his job is
gone, his legs have atrophied; the world has in
general progressed without him.

E.S.P., Smith finds, is more of a curse than
a blessing. He is a freak. if he foretells
anything, he is stared at and in general feared.
He has no control over his power, and is forc»

 

 

 

 

 

The Druid Zone, Ste )lien King's latest and ossibl his best novel. it's a hauniim
l _ Jr
powerful narrative and a guaranteed fright.

Sirry Pretty." as the title suggests, tells the story
of a girl who would rather die young and re-
lillll her beauty tlinn grow old and lose it. Deli-
hie llziiry's volcr- shines on this cut, for it is

Whether Eat To The Beat will increase,
decrease, or have no effect on Blondiu's au-
dience remains to be seen. The album,
though, tends to ovci'extend itself in trying to
please everyone. The combination of ballads,

  
    

In Starting Over Burt Reynolds realizes
the end of one love affair and trys to
kindle another.

And

ed to see things he doesn't want to. He
becomes, much against his wishes, a voyeur
into the subconscious minds of people around
him.

After carefully establishing all this through
an episodic but effective and well-written se-
quences, King then puts Smith, (and us) into I
the frightening situatuion of realizing that a
fastrising politician with presidential
in ““'“‘ is a r ‘ " ‘ Hitler, apt to start
World War lll. Smith knows this, but his
evidence (images that flashed through his
mind when he shook the candidate's hand)
Isn't apt to convince anyone else. What does a
mai do in a situation such as this? If you could
go back in time and kill Hitler before World
War fl and The Holocaust, would you do it?

The climax is tense and suprising.

King of course has it made now, as The
Dead Zone continues a fast upward climb on
the best-seller list. It wasn't too long ago that
King was a seven thousand dollar a year high
school teacher, depressed because "only
editor's cousins got published". His first novel,
Carrie, changed all that. The lucrative movie
sale that followed its publication (though
modest by Hollywood standards) assured King
of financial security and future publications.
Since then, he has written four other novels,
(Salem's Lot, a modern day vampire story;
The Shintngj another story of psychic
phenomena, also sold to Hollywood; The
Stand, about the ultimate confrontation bet-
ween good and evil, and The Dead Zond) and
published Night Shift, a collection of short

stories.
One of the things that makes King so much

fun is his sense of the times we live in. King
manages to imbue The Dead Zone with a
sense of “seventies nostalgia" by giving us a
cram course in it through the eyes of a man
who slept through Watergate. As with his
other books, King shows a fondness (and a
talent) for using multiple points of view.
Without warning, characters appear suddenly
throughout the novel. This keeps interest and
suspense high. (You never know who might
turn out to be an ax murderer.) This also
allows us to see the main character as various
other people see him. in the case of Johnny
Smith, this can be deliciously unsettling (in a
scene in which Smith meets a new presidential
contender from Georgia named Jimmy
Carter, it's also fairly amusing.)

if The Dcod Zone is not King's most
frightening novel, (Snieiii's Lot probably takes
that honor) it is perhaps his best-written and
most perceptive. King is not one of the great

 

 

 

 

 

“something for everybody." Fields and Linda Sieln became his managers, one seeking the aesthetics of his first albu ., , . V , , . , ._ ._
’ - ‘ ' m- 5UP9’5lm- The“! Wits something CaFillVﬂllll in in a 'r .iziiri' world of Miikc-up perfectly aililt‘d to .r song stiLli us this. it is iii-
mﬁszbea’rl‘; Tyitizglal‘reetl‘ﬁly it: ﬁnitigngglgrl‘t; zzglzilmggilialziigganged a recording con- {3;Bﬁnlznl‘t‘3rlitofl‘0'y Wk: .t‘SG‘klanuary 23'30. l55l Thursday's display ill Page Hall, a cansiitd itlitl..‘.Citlllllltlrll u'rili’hw. " lrtllii‘i' llltlll existing torusting to note lllill on these two times, the popular tunes, and rockers is too l)li|lrllll on ni- writers of all time, bill be is a good. solid, con;
wmenmes aumblogmphmal ’oumey mm me From a last we" to his glrlmcnd (“Gnln‘ "on" [in mm" 0;“:‘900l rand Central Sta- view into another person's reflections on life, in the ri-ni \Vttl'lil 'I’irr- song iiiiiVi“; .riorig both production is not its slick .is on the other tempt at a synthesis of styles illltl ends up in sistirnily entertaining commercial novelist, ant
mus“ bmhnght‘ Hamng {mm Madman Down m L I") t ' I . 1h) bi c'! | b kl. t g 5 re urn Siortly before his something not to be missed if the opportunity musically and lynrnlly. ir'iiniriscvrri of the songs, lilonrliu's I‘rtliil' edge is caplurvd. lllilk‘ taking away precisely those qualities which there does sut'm to be a shortage of those.

I aura no ‘amvc m L 9 w ma n 0 success’ Presents itself again. .- Illoiiriiv wr- int-i lli illt‘ first album “Die Young trig lot i stit‘tft‘ﬁﬁllll sound mode the blind something more iirnii usual. __ roiiiriiiiid on Digit—‘10“

ry ' 2-.
i ;... .,.,.,,,,..-  .,..-r.v..x.».«...-..  .-.

.\94r‘-’-v:151r7(m‘mrmqs ..

r

user-m: is- -

 

 

 

 

