 

 

 

 
  

r

 

 

 

 

 

 

'_:.;...-.-—:~ ». 

 

 

 

 

  

.. i i \‘ A
zenith-Ida: ’1'! at): {claw-121's 'q‘xrv _-‘~:>v_ fox: ‘ v I v ‘ t i i i g - V v . - - at. . . r . i . - V - - I 3‘ ‘ , I

* ~ - \ “WWW? Ba R 11111. PH T ° ' 
. / , - ..- . - i.

- -. A - - , . A . tmen amp. - , en a art a Uhca, 7-6-  .5
8t I19 t 1" Are your . Ill strode? . . q I 
\\ - ’ ‘ \ byAlfgbert islet-l b b u sidle and ending the game. Finally, in the top. of the sixth. 
,  c . any tate's varsity use a ronicaliy, at the outset. it Utica was able to puncharunacross '= t
 v m h" M m h "I  “6. team began the regular season one appeared the game would be a the plate. Their lone score cameona 
e V 1 good note last Saturday. easily closely fought. low scoring contest. high hopperthat wasjustbeyond the n »
w ill, 'ﬂ m “m W defeating Ulicn ll-lintheﬁrstgnme However. in the bottom of the reach of Albany second baseman .‘7 1
‘ V I I, l ofa doubleheader. The Danes made second inning. the Danes put two Mitch Chusidfs OutStretched glove. . I

‘ L- _ q ‘ ad M h b n   a comback in the second game. but runs on the scoreboard. Moschella In the bottom ‘of the sixth. the ' g
' r Batmbn £00m ended “P lo§ln£ 7‘6~ started the rally by lining a leadoff ﬁreworks really exploded for the . {‘

campus (out: I in the first game. the Danes single to second. The ﬁrst basemen Danes. as they Scored six runs onsix .

‘ - displayed both superb hitting and hunted the ball to Mark Dodge. hits. McCarthy. Rhodes. and

i i o       superior. pitching. Albany banged Utica‘s starting pitcher. who threw Arcario. as well as reserves Mike . i

' out 10 hits. led by Bob Arcurio With Moschclla out at second. But due to Turner. Elliot DiKoik. and Francis ' i

  d "w ° lhm‘nnd Tnnr Moschcllu with two. Moscclla‘s hard slide. Utica‘s hopes Riviera all supplied key hits.  i
'  h m.‘ h. Unqucstionably. the ltitling star of for it double play were foiled. 
0 w 5 d ‘ "1C Sam” had 10 bt‘ Armrio Willi Albany‘s next batter. designated |n the second game. the Dane;  i
   three hits and six RBl's. Thejunior hitter Bob Rhodes. hit it ground ball again played well. However. this  1

third baseman went three for three to short. forcing McCarthy at rimcthcy were on rhclosing end of" 

  6 . M mad while sockng ii iwo run humor as second. Arcario. the number seven 7.6 tally, The Danes mad” valiant i;

well as a bases loaded triple. hitter in the lineup. followed by comeback attempt after falling 

< belting the Danes first round [ripper behind. Late in the game. Moschclla '3

 

 

 

SA Funded

 

WE’RE BACK!!!

 

ISC Bowling League
Tues. nights at 7:30 starting Sept. 25th

Organizational Meeting Tonight

at 9 in CC 361

Info call leff 7-5295

Office 7-7 508

 

 

 

tunity forafu

There's nothing wrong with
aiittie materialism. ‘

We’ll admit it. One of the
selling features of Army
ROTC is just plain cold cash
. . . nearly $2500 during your
junior and senior years of coi- cer.
lege. There’s also the oppor-

Add It To Your Schedule.

ll-tuition scholar-

ship. And a competitive salary
as an Army officer when you

What Do You Want
From College?

$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ l?!

If any of this interests you.
check out Army ROTC. And
even if you enroll for the
money, you’ll graduate with
something worth a lot more
. . . gold bars of an Army offi-

 

Help Wanted

Responsible person to run
an on campus operation

, Public Relations and Management
experience require
c mayo”!

«‘0 ,/ ‘

 

If interested contact:
Ruth Rosenstock at 457- 8089

 

 

 

Have you ever played irisbee?
How about IllTiMAlE FRISBEE!
If you are itrtoroslod \  _

come to sign up for WIRAT
"HIME FRISBEE

Tues. 4:00 cc 361

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

SA sponsored

 

Intramurals

' r - . . ‘r ~ .1-"9‘3" .
u‘ci 4 at» . tiaﬁoarri.

   

 

5‘ ..

l...i .. ... ' - ‘v t‘w.‘ '~.‘.1

 

The Albany State varsity baseball team split a doubleheader with Ulicu on
Saturday afternoon. (Photo: Karl Chart)

   
 

The Diincs also received two fine
pitching performances. as Mike
Clabcaux and Rich Woods
combined to hurl a six-hitter.
(’labciiux pitcltcd the first six
innings. yielding only five hits artd
one rim wltilc fainting four. in the
last inning. tltc first year Dane
Coach Rick Skccl summoned his ace
reliever. Woods. front tltc bitllpcit to
protect the lead. The fircmttrt faced
only fotir butters before retiring the

Three Wins For Harrier Squads

by Bob Bellaﬁore

Saturday. ititdcr cloudy and
windy conditions. the Albany State
cross-country teams bcgart tltcir
season strongly willi a clean sweep
of the Coast Guard Academy in a
meet on tile Dane ltarricrs‘ lionic
courses. The men's varsity won 24-
32.. the men's ‘.l.V. took a
commanding 2l-34 decision. and the
women's varsity edged their"
opponents 27-28. Todd Silva and
Mike Sayers were named ctr-runners
of the meet.

Men's cross country coach Iloh
Munsey expressed a deep
satisfaction in the performartcc of
his squad. "They could'vc wiltcd.
but they didn't." ltc said.

This is a true statement. as both
the men‘s varsity and J.V. lost their
races. but each took second Iacc

 

Financial Security?

increase your options from
the beginning. In college, you
are looking ahead to some
good years. Your ultimate
goal ls getting that college
degree, secure in the know

 
 

 
 

financial future.

To make that degree more
meaningful. you should in-
crease your options irom the
beginning.

  

 

What Do You Want
From College?

Add It To Your Schedule.

ledge that it will enhance your

And you can do that through

iiitd five of the top scvcn spots. The
women were more evenly
distributed. as Albitny sophomore
|.cs|ic l’ricc won handily. setting a
course record of l9 minutes 24
seconds for the new five kilomctcr
(ll ruilc) course. Freshman Diane
Kirchofftook third. and other Dunc
women placed sixth. seventh. tcittlt
anti clcvcntlt. cniibling them to nose
by the toiiglt Coast (luard runners.

Dave Siiiltcrs of ('(iA took tltc
men's varsity race ill 26 minutes, 33
seconds. but was followed by Dunc
co-ciiptiiin Bill Mathis. Willi regards
to iltc Dunes 5.02 ritilc course.
Muuscy said. “i would be satisfied if
anyone runs under 27 minutes this
early in tltc season." Mathis. on ilic
coittbiick. apparently is on track as
he finished ‘ - 26 miritii 's 5

   

      
 

 
   
 

Upon graduation you'll be
wearing the gold bars of an
Army officer. With the kind 0
experience you get in Army
ROTC. you're qualified for
many careers, military or civl
Ilan.

Army ROTC provides for
both — either active duty st
tus with a competitive start-
ing salary or you may pursue
your luiivtime civilian career
while serving with a Reserve

    

 
    

  
 
   
 
     
   
   
     
   
 

  
 

seconds. Hrucc Shapiro got fourth.
Sayers took fiftlt. and co-captuitr
.liick Russo was sixth. Silvii.
although finishing tcnilt. had it
strategic importance as he split up :1
st ring of tour C(EA runners, lliid ltc
not done this. the Ditties might itot
have won. There has been a tough
rivalry bctwcctt Albany and (‘UA
sincc I967, with this victory
increasing the Danes record to 8-5
over iltc Cadets.

'l'lic .layvccs. full of freshmen who
were running iiicir first college race,
dominated their opponents. Coast
(iniird's l)..l. Swatland ran the 4.5
mile course iii 23.04, good enough
for the top spot. Rut Albany‘s Diive
Riitltjens was second. clocked at
23.32. followed by teammates Chris
Lani. .lolin (‘ordi. and Dave
(ioltihcrg. all who finished in
under 25 minutes,

Munscy was skeptical before lltc
ittcct as to what tltc Diincs'
performance would he. citing that
the Academy had been practicing
for three weeks iind the Danes only

of the season. The clout gave the
Danes a two ruit lead, which they
never surrendered.

In the fotirllt inning, tltc Danes
erupted with tltrcc more runs. The
big blow was Arcario‘s opposite
field triple which immediately
followed Moscltcllit‘s dotihlc dowtt
the rigltt field line. McCarthy‘s walk.
and Rhodes‘ sharp grounder to
sltort which was booted by Utica's
shortstop. Mikc l)i(icorgc.

r-vvs" .

~. ~
« .nr

 "-4, whit... ..

blasted a three run homerto help the
Danes try to overcome a
considerable deﬁcit. it was just too
little too late though, as the Dunes'
bats were finally quieted in the
buttont of tire seventh. The pilcltcr
of record for tire losers was (itiry
LaConturc willt relief help from
Mike lisposito.

The Danes ncxi face local rival
Siertti torttorrow afternoon at
Sicnii's home ﬁeld.

 

l)une co-eaptain Blll Mathis ﬁnished second for the Albany State cross
country learn in Saturday's meet. (Photo: Karl Chan)

had I] days to prepare. Rut Munscy
also noted that the enthusiasm anti
great attitude of the squad was
crtouglt to overcome lack of formal
practice. Saturday. he said. “i could
tell last night that we'd win." Tltat

might itot be such art easy statcmcitt
to say 'l'hursday. as the barriers must
face art always tittiin Army squad
and Syracuse 011 Friday. Thc wotncit
face Plattsburgli and Southern
Connecticut. also on Friday.

Nobody Wants Number One Spot

(AP) Last year. tltc uproar Wits over
who should have bccrt college
football's national champion. This

year, it looks as though the burning ~

question is who‘s NOT No. l.
Southern Cal occupies that
position right now but Coach John
Robinson doesn't want it. Runrtcrup
Alubamii and fourth-ranked Texas
weren't scheduled Saturdin while
No. 3 Oklahoma struggled to beat
back lowly Iowa and fifth-ranked

Mike Harper each scored twice on
short runs. '

Oregon State‘s Craig Fertig. a
one-time Southern Cal quarterback
and later an assistant couch there,

called the Trojans “one of the best I
' goals from 40. 44. 22 apd 39 yards

USC teams l have seen."
Nevertheless.. Robinson was far
from ecstatic. '

“We are not No. I." he said.
"We're just struggling to get
through. Our kids. if you notice.

UCLA's upset of 1. due was
orchestrated by Rick ers, who
threw scoring passes oﬁyards to
Michael Brant and 0 Willie

, Curran and scored ltim' .

While Mule was booting ﬁeld

out. Notre Dame‘s defﬁe put the
clamps on Michigan held the
Wolverines to 94 yards be second
half after they piled on?” before
the intermission. :-:

  

My

   

graduate' . Army ROTC- componem/Nauona‘ GU37 Purdue, sixth-rated Michigan and don‘thold their fingers up for No. l. ' Curt Warner, ti freshman from
‘ BUt we've 0t Other 900d M Army ROTC Ollers pracucal unll- No. l2 Georgia forfeited any We don‘t want that label." Wyoming. W. Va., accounted for
g V g  InterGSted in  leadership with hands-on ad- Get a good start. increase .mmcdimc Cm... .0 ﬂ... mp 5p... by 23. yard. ovum" _ .00 rushing. 7]

xﬁmn.,. ,

ARMY ROTC

things to offer you, too. Col-

uabie in civilian as well as in
military Jobs. And instant lead-
ership responsibility in your
first job after college.

The Siena Program

’ 7834-2536 '

a paid ofﬁcial for softball.

Mr. D. Elkln In

,.

 

 

venture training. You'll get

citing curriculum in the first
two years. And there's no obli-
gation. You'll earn $100 a
month for 10 months each of
the last two years In Army
ROTC.

your options from the begin-

lT TAKES TO LEAD

tin Muir Ininrtmtiont unlut

(‘apl Glenn W. Perkins
ill i5]!!! 270 am

or drop by “w ltl'l ollu «-
tin i'ttli St in Troy

 

 
     
       
     
 
      
   
    
 

getting themselves upset,

’l‘rojuns scored the first five times
they had the ball, with Paul
McDonald throwing two loneli-
down piisscsd to Kevin Williamsr

he completed eight of nine for llii'i

lowa held Heisman Trophy-
winncr Billy Sims to Rio yards arid

five of seven.

"I don't know if ()klultomii ever
had anyone knock the bull loose so
much." said lowti's Hayden Pry.
“They weren't putting it on the

receiving. ll0 returning kicks H for

logo courses which challenge LEARN WHAT m , hA ROTC _ , . . , , _ . i , _ P
anagemem experlencel- ninQWl rmy - Despite the uhscrne of All- forced Oklahoma to throw an tht. best performance over byu enn
you  mentally and thSI'          Wthh Will develop your ablmy American tailback (‘liiirlcs White unheard-of l8 passes but Sims Suite rookie as the Nittuny Lions
cally. Management training to accept greater responsiblll-   and star tackle” Anthony Munoz. produced twu short but decisive mauled Rutgers.
’ . t M I t ti C t t: ties. Southern Cal had no trouble toticltdown rims when the Sonnets I‘M. “ipp rushed for 167 yards
and experience you   val 0' cm H mm on 0" ac      YOU can be part Of This 9X' LEARN  demolishing Oregon State 42-5. The weren't busy funiblirtg they lost and mm: muchdowns to [cud
i

Nebraska past Utah State and
Mieltigart Stutc got three TDs from
Derek Hughes in downing Oregon.
one on ti l()()-yiird kickoff return
that gave the Spartans a 27-I7 lead.

 

: yards ‘ wltilc Marcus Allen and ground. it was knocked loose.
SEPTEMBER 18, I979 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS pAGE TWENTy.THREE

 

 

 

 

 

