3:;-

 

i‘L.

      

 

 

 

 

 

he Higher Education Research Institute.

which Calculates SAT, and ACT scores for
entering freshmen at 2.601 institutions of

higher learning. has 'reported that’

SUNYA , is now the most selective
state-assisted Institution in the entire United States.
While there’may not be any harm in believing that
we are worthy of this honor, It Is not very realistic to
suppose that this institution is now perceived to be In

the same class with the more prestigious liberal arts

colleges.

An alternate hypothesis, which deserves further
testing, is the possibility that the unusually high SAT
scores for entering freshmen may be largely the result
of economic adversity In the 19705 (we are now In the
midst of the third economic recession in less than a
decade) and a misconception on the, part of many
undergraduates and their families that the best way to
insure a good job upon graduation is to major in
business administration.

The College Board. which administers the
Scholastic Aptitude Test, in any event, has reported
that recent test takers chose business as their most
popular field of study in college, dropping health and
medicine to second place for the first time. This switch
in emphasis was primarily due to women. whose in-
terest in business has more than doubled since 1973.

At SUNYA one can observe an even more
phenomenal desire on tile part of undergraduates to

 

Edward Renshaw of the
Economics Department has
taught courses in economics
and finance at the Graduate
Schools of Business Ad-
ministration at the Uniuersity
of Chicago. the University of
North Carolina. and the
University a] California at Los Ange/es.

 

eV1969-70Jacademtc year 1.
percent, of our entering freshmen had this ambition.
By 1979-80, however. the percentage of freshmen
wanting to major In business had risen to 40 percent.

if we were to cater to student demand and allow all
those undergraduates who want to major in business
to do so, however. there would have to be such a
large-scale diversion of resources to the business
schoool as to seriously threaten the continuing status
of this campus as a doctorate-granting institution.

With the problem of remaining a university center
uppermost In the minds of both faculty and ad-
ministrators, a decision has been made to limit the
number of undergraduates admitted to the business
school to about half of those students now indicating a
preference for that major. The net result is that the
minimum GPA qualifying score necessary to major In
business has now risen to the point (at last report it was
2.97) where most undergraduates with the ability to
get Into out business school may be Ill advised to do
so.

4 major ih‘business. iii th

ne of the most widespread misconcep—

tions at the present time is the
not-implausible theory that an

undergraduate business degree will be

of significant value in obtaining a good

job. Unemployment and especially sub—par employ~
ment opportunities for college graduates are a more
serious problem today than was the case in the

 

19605,‘ when the unemployment rate for college
graduates was consistently less than for the labor force
as a whole. in this decade the unemployment rate for
new college gradudates has continued to be less than
for persons graduating from high school but has
sometimes been a little higher than for the population
In general.

The demand for college graduates has been
adversely affected In this decade by both a slowing
down in the growth of government support for

 

 

Theatre
and the
real world

3!! JEANNE-MARIE CASSON

o truly love art one must achieve an
understanding of it from three perspec-
tives: that of the artist, the performer
and the audience. The artist desires id '
. express to others an emotion, an at-
titude. an experience in a creative and imaginative
way. The performer acts as an indispensable medium
seeking to embody the artist's "expressiveness" In al
way that will communicate It full-blown to the au-
dience. To do this, intellect, emotion and action must

 

Jeanne-Marie Casson Is a sophomore at SUNYA who
here describes her reasons for choosing an inter-
disciplinary major.

 

  

Easiness, lib ral arts,

 

 

be brought into a union. for it is this integration that is
essentia or effective creation of dramati '
c

for the audience. expenence

. To be involved In producing a play~either as actor
director. producer. designer, stagehand, or man:
ager—Is to learn to be sensitive to what is being corn-
muntcated and to learn to be creative in receiving
enhancing, and passing on that communication id
tangers; isha basic and widely needed skill In the world
0 ay, oi for personal well—bein and —
careers of all sorts. 9 we“ being In

People turn to cultural arts for Intellectual emo-
tional, and spiritual enrichment. A dramatic perfor-
mance can transform what In daily life is a prosaic ac~
tivity into a creative product, where the audience cant
ggm an insight into their own lives or an understanding
:3 another 5. A well—done theatre performance can
eage those who create it and those who receive it as
au ience more open to extend creativity Into all
dimensions of their lives.
thl  I enjoy many aspects of involvement with

ea e. acting, producing. promoting, managtn i
decided to put It all togeth g.

ﬁalls for getting as wide a liberal arts education as i can
Wis‘agtood when what you want to do fits in so well with
you need to do to get prepared for that job

 

 
    

 

 

I

c. .r .. -- . .a _.,... "a- ..,_.. "m" ‘u ‘ w “-

 

 

    
 

and the mar;
college grad

By EDWARD F. RENSHAW

et for
ates

‘research and development and an easing of the long
term shortage of elementary and secondary school
teachers. In October 1971, after these factors and the
first economic recession In over a decade had weaken.
ed the market for college graduates, the Bureau of
Labor Statistics conducted a special study of the

vices have soared from less than six percent of the
US. gross national product to about 10.5 percent. As
the US. economy has become more internationaliz-
ed. businessmen have begun to appreciate that
language skills can be as important as book learning in
helping to redress the deficit in our international

employment status of Persons TeceleQ a Gillette  balance of payments

_ l1 '
degree In 1970 and 1971. The survesJ fouli‘dihdt  To the extent that there Is significantdiscrimination
while the unemployment rate, for the degree r(’t‘liiiuiits  In the marketplace for college graduates it ap ears to
was two percentage p0lnts hlgher than the mic loi the be In favor of the so~ca|led hard sciences andpagainst

total labor force, it was still only about half that of put» the people. 0m.”th sciences Btoto tsts -

sons graduating from high SChOOlv ll’“ *“ii'l'Iﬁ poorer offers than chemists;labor econognists 
moreover. showed no signl'fi'CU”l dillC’TUttt‘L's iil fllt‘ salaries compared to econometricians persoiinel and
proportions unemployed by W30" 91 Qra‘llitili‘tiit it'i’t' ordinary sales people less money thah good acco‘un
of degree, or major field of study.” tants; and social workers, a smaller pecuniary return

The peaking out Of Oil and gas PmdU‘TIl'm “1 ll)“ than the average person with an a titude f
United States in the early 19705 and the tint-u initl iii mathematth p or
crease in the price of imported oil in danunri,‘ l‘l7li It Is tempting to suggest that the chatty peo le
have h€lped ‘0 reVlV‘? “"3 demand l‘” “'ll“!i“ oriented person may be less produciivethan'thc Glitt-
Qraduales Wlfh lGChnlcal expertlSE- l“ Jul.“ 1W" 'l‘“ dent that loves to grapple with numbers and abstract
College Placement Council was able IO I'i'Iiou ili.il relationships. An alternate explanation Is that
1978—79 Was the most HEWe War for C("Him‘v It" “'1‘ technological progress has so boosted the demand for
ment of haChEIOT degree candldaleﬁ in ihi' l” mun \ natural scientists, engineers. computer analysts and
history of their salary survey. Job offers for Ilt'”. ml persons with other types of technical expertise ‘as to
lege graduates were up 17 percent C(iiiilhul'il to create a relative shortage of college graduates with
1977—78. Some of the more pertinent i, .uuini quantitative bent.
average salary offers made to last year‘s ii.“ 3 «iii»
degree candidates are presented in Table l in till'i‘)
to curriculum.

Students majoring in computer science wu-w i illt‘li‘il
an average salary of $1.401 per month. "I ll . ,1 uitlt
the ability and willingness to major in plum u i'iiiilt
sciences. chemistry and mathematics wvn' not hit
behind the computer science majors. All or llit"l’
specialties had average salary offers \t‘lli‘ ll ktt'lt‘
significantly greater than the offers lI’delWl ltil
business majors.

it used to be the case that an undergindnniw in i
in accounting was quite a'bit more vulnuliii
degree in economics. 'l'hnt field has lit’t‘tilll"
crowded. however. its to l'CtllICt' the ltilii.il j‘t‘ :

iglier education will no doubt continue

to turn out more college graduates in

the 1980s than can be absorbed in the

professions that have traditionally re—

quired a college degree.‘ One should

realize, however, that the number of managerial and

administrative positions open to college graduates Is

also increasing at a much slower rate than the number

of students electing to major In business. in the

1962—69 period about 17.1 percent of all college

graduates entered the occupational category called

managers and administrators. In the more recent

period from March 190‘) to March l‘)7ti this percen-
tage increased to only 18 4 percent.

Sint 0 many of these positions will continue to be fill-

 

{m a highly specialized business education In t
$100 per month ed by engineers and persons with a background in
Economics majors still rot't'ivi' *vlitglllli. tu‘lfi SEWING d1“) ll)" mm”) in)?» ll)“ Pmblcm 0f (“>00
offers. on tho average, llirlli the lli‘lltllttl it; , pointed business majors. without technical skills. could
joi including tluisv aspiring to lu- ttmmtttit. easily mushroom to l)t’ on a par with the frustration of
it (“mm 1” l'll'lh lm"”“"‘“ ‘llt't Irlllll'\ rl‘i Intiitw the tiiunU \‘Ulll‘LlI‘ Lll'ﬂdllalk'ﬁll'ml“1'0ll““""tl“'lr‘mtll“)
distribution. tlIi'I'i' Isn't \'t'i\,' nu“ h mum”, I  jobs in elementary and secondary vtlur‘otion (ll
their salary (iflt’t'\ .mtl tht» (typmtgt. (,fjm.‘ h, 4., should be noted that there is still a shortage of some
the humanities and othui social sauna-5, kinds of educators. In the Capital District, for example.
Students majoring in tho tttttn,mtttt._.. two. Mimi it is still very difficult to find people that are qualified to
been at the bottom of the pay scalu That it, t... :‘itntjui teach high school level chemistry. physics and math.)
If there is discrimination in the market for college

the case. In this decade our imports of goods tutti mi“ '
graduates that is unrelated to specialized skills and the

ability to manipulate numbers and mathematical ex-
pressions, It is very likely to be against. instead of in
favor, of the general business major who, in some in-
stances. may have acquired a type of education that
will have to be at least partly "unlearned" before he or

 

TABLE 1
Natlonal Average Monthly Salary Offers
By Curriculum, 1978-79.

Bachelors lllusti‘rs

Cigtfifslgdles (:(lfitil—fllfffC-i she can fit into a particular organization.
Computer Science . . - . . . . . . . . . $1 401 swat) l have been informed by the director of our own

Phys“) 3% Earth Sciences . . . . . . . 1.368 ~ placement center, in any event, that most of the

Chemistry . . . . t . . t . . . . . . . . . . . 1:332 1,552 representatives of the world's largest corporations that

Muhemaﬂcs ‘ ‘ ‘ ' ' ' - ~ > ~ r - ~ v - - . 1.324 1,502 visit our campus aren't very interested in interviewing

35:31:32 ' I . . I ‘ ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ‘ ' ' 1-206 ‘ undergraduate business majors. Except for local
(Includan Ma??? businesses, about the only corporate employers that
Marketingg‘Disabmuzgg I - . . . . . . 1.102 come to Albany for the purpose of talking to
Biological SClences . . ' V . I A . ' '  undergraduate business majors are the representatives
Humanities. . , . , . . .      l . l I l .983 t 132 of banks, insurance companies. and department
Other Social Sciences‘. . . . ,  ' I l . 972 1.254 stores. All of these industries have a notorious reputa-
' - I l ' tion for offering low starting salaries.
MBAS Mth (“hm”) To really be in demand, as far as most corporate in-
underg'adua‘e degree . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . , . . . . 1,748 terviewers are concerned, a student must possess ex-
MBAS wuh a non'le‘hnlcal ceptional skills and be on the verge of completing an
undergraduate dewee ' ' ‘ ‘ ' ‘ ‘ ' ' ' ' ~ ' - - ' ' - ' ' ' ' 1'61 1 MBA. it is at this juncture that the most serious doubts

can be raised as to the pecuniary value of an
undergraduate business degree. '

Most graduate schools of business administration do
not discriminate in favor of undergraduate business

Sam“: gl'e‘cqllege Placement Council, "A Study 0/ 1978' in)
 O/IEVS. " CPC Salary Survey, Final It’iijnrl.

My?“ >_ w ‘

 

 

 

majors. What they are looking for is an educabIe per-
son with a sense of history and a demonstrated ability
to read, write. speak, perform basic mathematical
computations, and reason In a logical manner. All of
these skills. which are Increasingly essential for a suc- i
cessful career in business, can easily be acquired as
hwellll outside a business school as within Its hallowed
a 5.

Some remarks by Arjay Miller, the former president
of the Ford Motor Company who shifted gears at mid-
career and recently retired after 10 years as Dean of
the Graduate School of Business Administration at
Stanford University. are particularly apropos this
point. When asked what kind of undergraduate
preparation is best for those who plan to get MBAs.
Miller responded:

We assume they don't have to study business dur-
ing the first four years because we can teach them
all they need to know about business. I do say to
take some math so they will be on top of this com-
puter stuff. We tell them the same thing about
economics. You might put some accounting In
there too. The accounting we teach ls managerial
accounting.“

To the further question: “Are you saying that they
shouldn't major in business as an undergraduate?"
Miller responded:

No. don't major In It. We don't distinguish one
undergraduate major as being better than another.
We welcome Englile French and History majors.
Anything in the liberal arts. Law and medicine and
business require broad gauged people. and we are
a rich enough society to build these professions on»
to a liberal arts training."

Since the pecuniary returns associated with an
umlergraduate business degree are not very different
from the salary offers for persons majoring In subject
matter that is comparatively difficult from an analytical
point of view. and since many of our more prestigious
graduate schools of business may even prefer to
discriminate against undergraduate business majors.“
it makes sense for our more gifted freshmen to keep
their options open and explore other branches of
knowledge before electing to specialize in business. In
the process they may discover that other disciplines
are either more challenging or offer the prospect of
greater personal satisfaction.

If more of our better undergraduates could be per-

 

' 1’ r ' .. f - .' 1.x  , 1.10.3 z: (L

suaded to major in something else. they would oer-4","
tainly be doing their fellow students a‘personal favor

by opening up more spots In the business school for.
persons that may not have the ability or financial.
resources to aspire towards a respectable MBA.

It is at this juncture that SUNYA confronts a serious
problem. Many of our undergraduates have not been
conditioned to think in terms of advanced degrees.
Nor do they have a very realistic Idea of what In the
way of Intellectual attainment is required to go on and
be successful at a respectable graduate school. This Is
especially true of female students, many of whom are
proving that they can compete successfully with males
and be among the top students in all of the fields
available at SUNYA.

ls a graduate degree worth Its cost?

hlle detailed information on the
salary offers received by masters
degree candidates is not readily
available for most disciplines. the In-
formation that has been compiled
by the College Placement Council for different cur-
riculums would suggest an average difference In star-
ting pay of at least $100 per month (see Table 1).

For those undergraduates who major In the
humanities or other social sciences and then go on to a
good graduate school of business administration, the
difference in starting pay can easily amount to more
than $600 per month. The, national average monthly
salary offer for new MBAS with a technical
undergraduate degree was $1,748 In 1978-79. For
MBAs with a BA degree. the average salary offer was
only $11711.

It should be noted that these averages obscure a
great deal of variability from person to person and
from school to school. Some of the MBA candidates at
SUNYA with a strong background in computer
science and quantitative techniques are now receiving
salary offers which are more than twice as great as the
salary offers for some of their more marginal
classmates that do not possess technical skills. At Stan-
ford. Harvard and a few other prestigious business
schools the average starting salary for MBAs Is now in
excess of $2.000 per month.

It has been reported that there were 6.000 MBAs
graduated in 1964 and that by 1977 this figure had ex-

(continued on page six)

 

Education
for today’s
world:
education
across the

bored

By S. M. McGEE-RUSSELL

ny citizen of Planet Earth requires, nowadays,

a broadly based education in Science.

the Humanities. and the other Liberal

Arts. The chips—the micro—chips—are

down in a brand new game. The

satellites are up, as stars in a brand new sky. a sky
where we can work. For the first time in the history of
mankind we can study. analyze, and experiment upon
Planet Earth as a single object. a single (and only)
home. For the first time. what happens to 50 hostages
In Iran from day to day can be reported to the world
and agonized over by men, literate and non-literate,

Samuel McGee-Russell of
the Biology Department is a
cell biologist and electron
microscoplst, and an ex-
" emplar of the Oxford Univer-
sity tradition in which a liberal
, ‘v arts background ls considered

' very important to a scholar

 

being a good scientist and a fully civilized human be-
ing.

 

anywhere on the planet, who have access to a ‘TV’
screen or radio. Yet. to understand and respond with
wisdom requires more than the ability to watch pic-
tures on a TV screen or listen to an interpreter of
speech or events. It requires a genuine literacy in the
Knowledge of Mankind. which encompasses all that
man has done. in all fields. What of this vast need is
possible? On what must it depend?

It must depend on youth growing up, and on their
education. What is possible for them, as we are all well
aware. is more than was possible for us. There is more
knowledge available. every hour of every day; there
are more means to communicate developed every
working hour. Nevertheless, the best tool for com~
munication that man has yet developed remains the
one which l am using now: the capacity to read and
write. Literacy. It Is as Important for a scientist as a
scholar of Shakespeare. It is the oldest. the best tested
tool we have, and. as the written word, the most con-
densed, the cheapest recording and storage system.
Any man with access to pencil and paper may record
his synthesis of a lifetime’s experience, his expertise
and discoveries, for all to enjoy.

Literacy must remain the cornerstone of what we
teach. whether the words are handwritten, Illuminated
on a TV screen, or hard copy from a computer,
because we must control the computer. GIGO
(Garbage ln, Garbage Out) is true for both brains and
computers!

In the broader sense of Literacy in Knowledge, the
concept of the Liberal Arts curriculum coheres with my
understanding of the role of a university as a place
where the education of citizens, as well as the training
of workers, occurs. We must beware, as must the
athlete, of overtraining, overspecialization. We must
transmit the joy of running to as many as possible,
without straining them all for the four minute mile;
teach as many as possible to read a book by Roger
Bannister for the pleasure of autobiography, as well as
educate some In the fine intricacies of actin and
myosin protein interactions. We must provide oppor-
tunittes, hoping students will take them. They will
travel the world, learn the world, and. let us hope, Im-
prove the world. it’s getting smaller. With education
across the board. they cannot be boredl

 

 

 

PAGE 4 D Human!!!” and Mn. Mo and Carcm‘

 

 

 

:.,-.¢—.L;<~ . _
t 4.2.: 1.x...umﬁgd, 

ﬂumaulﬂu and Elna Aria .ﬂlul. Comm Cl PAGE 5

.. .m..._a..m;.~ -1“ H. c.

. . sort K -a

 

  

