 

Presldentlal Endorsement»

Looking
Sharon.

Of all the roles a student can take on during the four
year tenure at SUNYA. the position of Student
Association Pregident is certainly the one that requires
the broadest base of campus experience. from
familiarity with the key issues. to a developed skill in .
communicating with the student body.

ln order to hold this job successfully. one must not
only demonstrate an admirable diversity. but an
ability to perform well in each ofthe diverse situations.

Sharon Ward. through her active role over a broad
range of issues. as well as a dynamic personality that
has proven its ability to foster student support. has
demonstrated that she could be the most effective
leader for SUNYA students today.

During her three years here. she has grown
tremendously. and it was especially during the last
year that she showed her metamorphosis to become a
viable choice for SA.

Her experience is unquestionable. She has been a
Central Council member. a member of the
Undergraduate Academic Counci|;and she sat on the
Interdisciplinary Studies Committee. She was also on
the UAS Board of Directors.and chaired the By-Laws
committee. Also. her involvement with the Student
Unionimtion Movement. the Albany Student Union.
and SASU complete a wide picture of experience that
has given her a very knowledgeable background of
virtually all of the major issues effecting students.

Along with her experience, she has proven that she
can be effective and get results. She wasa key factor in
preventing the CDTA takeover of SUNYA buses.and
has done extensive work in the health services areas.
Also. Sharon was an active participant in the tuition
rally. and along with most of the other candidates.

worked very hard on that event.

ln the past. it has been said that Ward ‘5 goalsa re too
loftyand that she may beconsidered too radical for the
SA presidency. One of the most admirable things
about Sharon. though. were her‘ticute perceptions of
her own limitations. and through this. we feel she has
certainly overcome these faults.

Wee-presidential Endorsement
Craig
Weinstock —
Striking The
Balance

if an endorsement must be a glowing appraisal of

the skills and personality a candidate possesses. then -

Weinstock does not warrant the .IlSl’cndorsement. If.
however. an endorsement is to be based upon a
measure of priorities and value judgements. then
Weinstock is to be endorsed. btit with sortie major
reservations. '

it is possible to say Weinstock is over-qualified as ti
Vice Presidential candidate. His work on Central
Council. in the area of Academics. (particularly in the
elimination of the “W“ grade). and in the financial
policies ofSA has been among the strongest and most
solidrnroduced by any representative iii recent years.
Weinstoclgis acutely aware of'rthe mechanisms and

Tito Martinez

She can. at times. be too simplistic in her approach
to answering questions. and appears to be not fully
analytical. But despite this. her answers evidenced a
strong education of the issues. and her reasoning
demonstrated that she has in fact analyzed the
problem before vocalizing her opinion.

Asastudentbridge totheadministration.shecan be
the most effective ofall the candidates. Her knowledge
and charisma will no doubt gain the respect of

administrators. but at the same time. her forcefulness ,

and drive will be a valuable asset in presenting issues
that demand greater recognition of the student body
than has been given in the past.

There has been some question that she will.
overempbasizc SA‘s role in state-wide issues.
sacrificing SUNYA issues. Yet. the committee found
no indication of this.and feels secure that Sharon will
not divide her responsibility here. but emphasize

processes necessary to accomplish things and has also
brought about more cohesive and constructive

hanges than any other candidate. The scope of“

Weinstock‘s pet projects has been wide and their
implementation has done the most to benefit SUNYA
students. '

It is in his day-to-day dealings with people that
Weinstock loses ground. He has a reputation as being
unyielding. arrogant and abrasive. The committee
does not doubt this reputatiOn as Weinstock can be
stubborn and considered obnoxiousattimes. He lacks
the personality. good will and public relations skills
that Tito Martinezhas.but ifthe role of Vice President
is to be a more effective one then these qualities tnay
not be a major consideration btit they mtist not be
overlooked. Weinstock has the capacity to be :in
excellent Vice President. btit he must overcome his
handicaps before this can be achieved.

“is hoped that the team of Ward and Weinstock
will complement well. and compensate for the major
flaws within cacti other. Ward ‘5 quickness.
emotionality. lack of academic expertise and slight
unfamilttrity with SA‘s inner workings can be
tempered by Weinstock‘s slow. deliberativcness.
academic resources and knowledge about Student
Association. Conversely. Weinstock‘s deficiencies in
the communicative arts and in dealing with people can

he lacks thecxpertise necessary to be Vice
President in certain key areas.
According to him. Martincl‘ greatest

ForWard To

whatever is Important. no matter where it emanates
from.

Admittedly. Sharon has a “bigger mouth“ than
some of the other candidates. and this will work both
for and against her as SA president. It will make her at
strong advocate for the students. She will take a
position. work on it.and see it through. leadingtill the
way. Of course. it may also hamper her to a certain
degree. but as noted earlier. Sharon ‘s'awa rcness of her
limitations strongly discounts these worries.

Asked to list her priorities. Sharon vowed to
continue work on current projects. work on financial
aids. academics. and the bookstore problems. Being
aware ofthe continuation ofcurrent projects will llt'lp
insure the psychological continuity of SA that hits lllc
danger of erupting every year with a new presidan

Enthusiasm. one of Sharon's best attributes. is. n.
she says. a weakness as well. She rcalilcs that o\ct~
enthusiasm has. in her past. caused her to “lose sight"
ofcertain things. but this has certainly waned through
her maturity as a student leader.

Sharon Ward isa hard worker who has the potential
to accomplish some great things for students as SA
president. More than any other candidate. it unique
drive that could take SA to certain llclgllls
unattainable with a different president.

Admittedly. Sharon Ward is a riskier candidate
than some others. but the chances of her failing in her
style. to achieve change. are strongly outweighed by
her chances of success.

She is a dynamic individual who has prmcn lici
ability to motivate people. and develop it strong
dedication for herself and the causes she startth for

All of the candidates cited a need to spark and bring
in the students. and Sharon Ward has the gl'cttlcsl
potential to do this successfully. In a time when otti
generation has been characteriled and labeled lt\ itll
apathetic one. by others and ourselves. we lltJL'tl .i
president who can get into office and proye them flll
wrong.

And Sharon Ward mightjust be able to do It.

be mitigated by Ward‘s high visibility and
communication skills. as well as her abilitv to lll\pllt'
and ignite people to action. '

I Weinstock should not take this endorsement its :i
license to forget the development of lnlCl‘PUlstilIdl
skillsand a sensitivityto othcr's feelings as he has far in
go in this area. It is with these reservations that
Weinstock is endorsed. but he hasa important gap to
fill in order to bring both
affectiven to the office.

effectiveness tlHt/

tions but of Vice President is a iitiiiibcr
one choice. But thercare many othcr'hitts
which a Vice President rtitist “cat.

e
Personal Touch
Of all the candidates interviewed. Tito
Martinez is the most personable. One is
easily impressed by his sincerity. candor
and easy going manner. The desire to
inject his personality into the projects he
would work on as Vice President is
something SA cart ill afford to lose. as
Martiney has the ability to gittlier
support and rally students to a cause.
“When there is a problcrti. I can ask
students to sign a petition or march with
its. and they will." Mttrtincl stiid its he
evaluated his use of energies next year.
and there is every indication that he is
correct.

The real question about Mitr‘tiiteI'
energy is not if it would be directed btit
upon what information that direction
w'otild be based. l‘l'tllll his experience its
President of l’uer/a latinii. (‘cntittl
Council member and lndian ()titid lloitid
President. Martinc/ has been involved
with many projects on at surface lcvcl.biit

weakness is that he “will have to learn a
lot about SA."nnd although he has solid
and cotnpctctit proposals to decrease
vandalism. study lhc financial tiid
situation and improve SA‘s
communication with its coustituancy
llll. gli the quad botii'ds. he lacks
kiiowlcdgc of the mechanisms necessary
to implement these proposals. .

Ihcrc is notlonbt that Mnrtinc/ knows
what needs to be accomplished. btit there
is dotibt that he knows where to begin.
lliis process takes tinic.iind two or tltrcc
months of learning is too long to “‘llil
bclorc action can begin. “You can‘t just
walk in." he said liiinst'll. "You must
work from inside."

lo Mitt‘tincl. wearing the ptihlic iclti-

including those he chooses to add on ll|\
own initiative. The Vice President must
have the ability to move the duties of his
office from a gray area of litnbo into our
of sharp focus and clarity quickly ll llll‘»
move isn‘t ll‘littlt.‘ almost iniiiicdizitclt. ihc
office is reduced to one of it ligtiiclicitd
'lhis cotild catsily come to pitss undt't .i
Marlinc/ administration. tttid much ol
what has been built Ill Iltc pitst two _\t‘ill‘-
would be lost,

lilo Martinc/ is it nice guy \\llll ltlt'th
worthy of being clittnnclcd into Siudcut
Administration. bill the Vice l'lt‘sltlt'lltW
is not the cliiittiicl through which
Mni'tinc/ can make his most cttt-ciiw
mark.

Lisa Newmark '

Budding
Brainchild

When asked why she is running for
President. Lisa Newmark answers simply
“Because there are things I want to see

done — and done now.“ Newmark points‘

to her experience as Vice Chair of
Central Council. UAS Director and
member of the Special Committee on
Undergraduate Education (SCUE) as
proof that she can get things done. and
her record this year gives no cause to
doubt this.

Newmark is a competent.
knowledgeable candidate who has
worked within Student Association for
the past two years. She has set specific
goals to be accomplished next year.
thii asked about the priorities she
would set for the coming semester.
NeWmark listed them with total
confidence: The improv_ement of
academic advisement. a re—evaluation of
the bookstore contract. an adequate
system of campus security and a more
accessible Student Association. Thesetire
admirable goals which could be achieved

'with Newmark‘s expertise. but it is not in

the knowledge about issues that Lisa's
weaknesses lie.

Dae position of President requires a
person with the ability to spark and,
captivate. and to instill a sense of lay. .ty
and unity in the whole student body as
well as within SA itself. The President
must be forceful. and be an active
presence at all times. “Some people
perceive me to be quiet.“ Newmark said.
“but it is just because I won't speak up
when others are saying the same things
that I would." It may well be that in ler
role as Vice Chair of Central Count .|.
Lisa ttccuratelyjudged her role to be that
of a beltind-the-scenCs livc-day~a-\\ccl\‘
worker and to be a supporting force
within the shadows.

But the time to learn to be a driving
force in front of the spotlight is not after
an election. The skills needed to be a
forceful. powerful and dynamic
administrator are not learned in on-tlte-
job training. and it is iii thisarca that slit:
is at a loss. Newmark‘s plans and
proposals are among the best heard
but they lose something in their
transmission. She speaks with neither the
overflowing enthusiasm needed to rally
others to a cause. nor the forcefulness
necessary to keep a commitment to it.

his this lack of clear leadership and
perseverence demonstmted by the other
candidates which gives the impression
mt Newmark could be easily
overwhelmed. especially by a strong Vice
President.

A meeting in O‘Lcary‘s office is hot the
place to begin tochange from strategist to
catalyst as it takes time before a catalyst
has enough power to ignite a useful
reaction.

Newmark is a very valuable asset to
this campus — she has a strong sense of
commitment. at wide base of experience
and a well ordered group of priorities.
She need only make that one final jump
from a sense of passivity to a role of
activism which would make all her other
qualities gel.

Gifted
Government

Perhaps one of the more

knowledgeable presidential candidates.
Mark Borkowski has the capacity to
make valuable contribution to Student
Association. He displaysa fine eloquence
and definite leadership abilities which
could prove very helpful in gaining the
support of administrators. The problems
found with Borkowski are not. however.
problems of competency and ability but
problems of style.‘ .
" Borkowski exhibits a sense of
‘formality and rigidity which might bring
:communication problems with students
to the surface. His humor and
personableness do not emerge until long
after he has been speaking. and this time
delay could alienate his audience.

What Borkowski lacks is excitement ~
excitement about the issues. his
proposals. and about himself. He does
have the administrative and
organirational characteristics ofa leader.
but is at a loss when the line between
arbitratorand instigatoriscrosscd. There

 

Steve Coplon would probably be a
very adequate SA President. He has
extensive knowledge of current issues.
and has proven his devotion to students
tltrough a very successful year on Central
Council that saw him as an active
member and 2t pcrservering Finance
Committee Chair.

Steve is a deliberatch individual who
has demonstrated a pragmatic approach
to proposing solutions for issues rind
problems at SUNYA. ll here is no doubt
that Steve will give careful consideration
to an issue before coming to a personal
decision on it. and “Ill be open to inpttt
from all opinions tic-wing it,

llowcwr. despite his knowlcdgc and
fairness. Steve is lacking the loiccftilticss
and personality that other candidates
showed. One wonders whether Steve hits
the ability to rtiotivate the students as
much as a more animated candidate
might be able to do.

Also. Steve‘s inherent shyness. 2i
quality that he has noted himself. may
Stand in the way of getting not only the
average student behind hitii. btit the
students working at SA. and those sitting
on Central Cotincil. Steve sccms to luck
the charisma to spark the people itndci
him to action. though his dedication
would nodoiibt cotiipciistilc for this loan
cxtcnt.

llic only area \vltt't'e Stcvt: ‘ullthCtl it
lack til knowledge was iicndciiiics. where
he seemed it hit vagttc oti atlviscrncut fllltl
the S('lJli Report. tttitl liitil less
experience than ltl lcitst tlutw other
Cilllt.lltlltlt.‘.\. llc did. howcvcr. llilVC
extensive knowledge of the bookstore
situation. and has been working very
hard on the titsk [one Also. his \voik
Willi NYPIRG would nodotibt itch liimtt
valuable background in some stittc—tvidc
issues. and social student concerns.

Steve Coplon

1 .'

Reasoned
Riskless

The main drawback of Steve is that
while it Coplon administration would
probably encounter no major calamities
one questions whether being the “saf'e'

candidate is enough of it basis for

support.

If ('oplon was president. one cotild

is at necessary spark that Borkowski does
not have.

Admittedly. Borkowski cannot botistit
vcry even temperament. and this may
detract frorn his otherwise good
judgmental capabilities. On it number of

After otir evaluation of Scott
Lonsbcrry we find that he is tltc most
difficult of till the major presidential
candidates to support. We do not totally
discount the viability of his many
proposals for imprmcmctit iii if“ tiiciis
htit doubt lll\ ability to prncccd with the
ttpproprtiitc steps toward making the
right decision

It is lllll to say that tliisdispositioii wits
based iti gi’cztt nicitstiic on l.onsbcrry‘s
resignation from Central Council. it
move that could be indtcuthc of too
many things to ignore. Shall we entrust
the most important student position in
the school to one so easily frustrated by
adversarial constraints? The job of
president demands afar greater degree of
cquanimity than his history evidences. .

More than most other of the
candidates. Loiisbcrry exhibits long
range insight into tltc quality ol‘Sl'NYA
life. These goals attempt to deal with it
. widc ztrrtty of problems btit utay be a bit
' lofty. lwo notable L‘\il-lllplt.‘~ include the
off-campus book co-o“ and lighted
football stadium plans.

He showed stiltic linc idctis on ll'tc‘

predict that allltottgi‘. nothing disitstcrous communication media ll\iltllllll«‘ '-\ SA by
would happen toSA.itmightniovettlong underscoring the lL'lttl'lllllltlllult .tl tlic
tit ii slower pace than another candidate Slut/uni lmtt- to stress Iutidcd groups.
could take it. A Coploti presidency may arid scr\c its ti forum for issues. Yet. he

prove to he a less risky way to go for ties

twits strongly opposed to SA [noting

year. but in an era where student ittlt‘l't‘sl downsniirs. which lll most peoples‘ eyes
is more difficult to engage than eyer brought it iuticlt closer to the students.

before. incre adequacy and a middle-of-
the»road administration just might not be picture ti

Lonsberry is too risky. lt isdilficult to
lotisberr) :tdiiiinistriition.

enough to thatch the forces preventing because one wonders what will happen

effective strident change.

 

 

when certain random factors enter in. as

issues he has held a passive stance

Nlark  including plus/ minus grading. the PLO

and funding the OCA coordinator. This
has, generally. resulted in theadoption of
fresh positions after careful evaluations.
to partially answer these charges of
vagueries. V '

Borkowski touts the experience he has
had within. yct'tliutside ofSAashis major
qualiﬁcation. The basis for his campaign
has been. to a great extent. the need for
increased communication from the
student body to SA.somcthing hecitcsas
a major fault of the current
administration. To remedy this. he seeks
to allow the Quad Boardsa larger role in
residence advocacy. an admirable
aspiration. but with little evidence of
actual support.

His most laudable idea was that of the
weekly cabinet meeting. to keep the
president abreast of task force and
committee activity. In this way.
Borkowski hopes to be in constant touch
with the students working on all of his
high priority projects.

Although it was not prevalent in our
conversations. Borkowski's reputation as
a parliamentarian in the broadest sense
has preceded him. It has been said that

.this could hamper the functioning of lht.
executive branch as a humanistic
organi'zationf and his own admission of
his ability to “fly off the handle now and
then" could be viewed as a further
hinderance along these lines.

The main problem with Mark is that
while he has come up with some fine
plans for keeping checks on his projects.
and bringing students in on them. he has
not come up with many of the projects
themselves. 'l’hcreforc.although the skills
that Mark possesses can be a valuable
asset to SA. the presidency may not be
where their most successful
implementation may lie.

We place the utmost faith in
Borkowski‘s honesty and integrity. lf he
should not be elected president. we feel he
has demonstrated the fine qualities which
could make him an outstanding SA
Controller. and hope he is considered.
The talent and skill he possesses could
expand that office into a third major
politically oriented office. giving it a
better scope for the important monetary
decisioni made within it,

Scott Lonsberry

Taming
the Shrewd

they did just prior to his Council
resignation. lly the same token. though.
all of tltc candidates should take Scott
Lousbcrry seriously: his campaign has
caught on to it degree. and the students
have expressed ttti interest in some of the
things he hits been saying.

The major objections to Lonsherry’s
candidacy still remain with his
personality. In its rnticlt its his intent is’to
“bring SA home.“ Central Council may

t'ttltlillm’t/ UN Ilt'.\‘l [ltlgt'

 

