  
    

       
 
  
   
  
   
   
  
   
  
       
 
   
        

l was able to walk down ‘along the
unoccupied area at the side of the stage
because of the September 23 Staff Tvshirt i
had on. Crosby, Stills, and Nash were
onstage singing “Teach Your Children” and i
wanted to get as close as lcould to the front of
the stage for a good picture. The sight was
amazing-200,000 strong. and as CSN broke
into "Chicago" it seemed like everyone
knew the words as i watched the crowd sing
along: We can change the world/Rearrange

the world/It's dying.../To get better.

And that’s what these people were here for.

' .tis was the largest anti-nuke rally ever held

rod the people were calling for phasing out

vuclear power plants and substituting
alternative energy sources that are cheaper
and cleaner.

. .r., .
tt-rtiii

 

John Moran

 

There was a feeling of unity in the entire
place as i watched the crowd cheering CSN
as they left the stage and l was glad to be part
of it.

The day before i wasn't so sure if there was
going to be that much to be a part of. When
the two buses pulled into Manhattan from
’“hany on Saturday the sky was heavy with

‘grey clouds. As the eighty NYPlRG
volunteers exited the buses we found the
Battery Park Landfill resembled a desert
more than a park. Just sand, scrawny round
bushes that looked like tumbleweeds, some
people working on a huge stage, and clustexs
of tables scattered around the field which we
later learned were megarfood stands, were all
that were there.

After straightening out the mega stand
tables we received our sales training which
consisted of finding out that NYPlRG was
already $175,000 in debt for taking out loans
to put this rally on. The only way they were
going to make the money back was through
selling food, T-shirts, lrisbees, and buttons.

it cost NYPlRG $42,000 just for liability
insurance for the park. The rally was put
together by NYPlRG and MUSE (Musicians

United for Safe Energy). NYPlRG did most of
the organizing and MUSE supplied the
musicians for free. And the musicians were
considerable, besides CSN there were
Jackson Brown, John Hall, Bonnie Raitt, Pete
Seeger, and others. The musicians and the
speaker (Ralph Nader and Jane Fonda
among others) would draw the people and it
was up to the approximately LOOO NYPlRG
volunteers to sell them everything they could.

Everyone knew there’d be no way they
could make that much money back if the
weather stayed ugly as it was on Saturday
evening. The NYPlRG person who gave us
our sales training, Waller, kept telling us that
the weather was supposed to be beautiful for

Sunday. He said we'd have to have faith, but i
didn’t have any faith in the weatherman's
predictions.

As l woke up the next morning at 6:30am.
the first thing i saw was the cloudle 55 blue sky.
Maybe the weatherman was right. Arriving at
the park at 7:45 there was a lot of activity
going on. Preparations had begun in earnest
at about 6am. and some people hadn’t
stopped since Friday. As one NYPlRG
organizer said, “People have been giving
unbelievable amounts of energy. A lot of
people haven’t slept since Friday."

When the gates opened at 9:30am. there
were already thousands of people waiting to
get in. People continuously flowed in and at
“:00 the rally sta. “3". Donald Ross, the rally
coordinator rrrred the crowd up saying, “On
May 6, we told Carter ‘no more
Harrisburgs.’ it's time to send another
message." With this the crowd let out its first
cheer of the day and they got louder as Ross
called for the phase out and shut down of
nuclear power plants. After Ross' brief
speech Fred Small was introduced. Small had
the honor of being the ﬁrst performer of the

day. He didn't goover that well with most butl
did see one girl dancing with a chair and she
ggrned to gamma" ' herself.

John Moron was the special Aspects
correspondent at Battery Park.

34.4mm? Jk'ﬂ’vﬁn” new.qu  «-

 
  

 

 

  
    
   
   
 

z I

.3

O a i way int e ac o ttery Parkl
saw a strange machine spinning in the wind.
When l reached the machine, Patty Vunk. a
member of the SHAAD ‘Alliance (Sound
Hudson Against Atomic Development), told
me it was a Savonlus Refer. This Roter
consisted of three 55 gallon drums cut in half

and on top of eachother, and
connected to a vertical axis. On half of each
drum would face in one direction and the
other half would be next to it facing the other
direction: Each of the three pairs of the slice

drum were positioned at different angles to ‘

  
    
   
    
    
    
   
     
    
     
    
    
 
   
   
  
  

 
 
  
 

  
 

catc * Wind coming from an dire ‘
This machine was built mostly froym recitcll‘eril
garbage and it's total cost, according to Vunk
was $75. She said it could be us lto generate
electricity. The Savonius Roter was part of
the Alternative Energy Fair, which was held at
the same time as the rally.

The object of the Fair was to set an
example that aitemative energy sources are
accessible to all and it emphasizes
agentralized control of energy, Vunk statedI

added, You can take your energy into
your own hands."

 

 

 

 

 

 

On a narrow strip nt Y‘Jw.

t and women galllt‘tt‘tl m.  :-
music.

Whetlier flit' (lvnrorr- in r.
Jackson Browne, Burrow lt..:"
to question. However, firm or

“Why they came ou' Ilili“ :.- -
Bronx. “The spirit of unrtu u.- i
and the politicians wrli lth' in ‘

Twenty-two yetir oitl Mrri 'tlt' hit .'
mass, agreed. “I don't lltiltl’. tl llitlll
from the perforiricr's .rnrl tho» t‘ 
power."

The mood of the ddl/ rr'rnrnil- til
crowd that reclined on brain it liI‘J.

Still, speakers such as Ralph
captured the protcstor's rtlit'lrltlllt

The large turnout was twir v th.rt
summer weather. "it's plit'iitrint
Binghomton graduate. “l'm not W

profits."

years ago. Thirty-three year old
_in 1969, called the mood Sunday.‘
.sixties.

"The message is clear,” srri
While we and out children slit

 

Vullk expressed her dissatisfaction with
MUSE» "They wouldn't let us have a speaker
t°dayv They saidifwewentonthen everylittle
9'0"!) would have to go on and there wasn't
enough room for that." She didn't feel that
W Was just a little group and resented

“ Center's empty olfirv 511m w  ‘ 

music and the size of this crowd should

Among those in atteirdrinu‘ Wi‘ft’ Wm“

Seen 'v on
An Anti-luelear Day

‘, ,, ,_ t‘rz; .rzdfrll, framed on the left by the World Trade
~r. turf by Miss Liberty, some 250,000 young men
 Wm. st, .rgrrinst nuclear energy and listen to some

 3r lllt' chance to see such rock heuvies as
i z  . Stilltrncl Nash brouglr them there wtrsopen
:. r "with concern among those attending.
1W :. :w'rted rally organizer Lynn Cohen of the
A. u r. : t 91- will keep snowballing across the country
. . rm 
;-.i:'imotoruddown from Montreal to attend the
“mi, ritliérttnce why they're here. The message, both
4. . .mr. rust-e them, is clear: we don't want nuclear

 

'it t.

rtn‘ wt Mus/lest, as pot and tee shirts were hawked at a
rt. , ur mod and danced to the music.

firth. Wild Alizug, Tom Hayden and Jane Fonda
.urrt rimw huge cheers.

.mltt twitchowing probably to the warm, clear lndian
.H,,|," contented Rich Coleman, a 22- year old
y stiff! il l'm totally against nukes, but i do love
'tt’l the politicians thinking about safety before

:.rt ll

d Cohen. "We don’t want oil companies making money
fer the coriﬁcquences."

veternas of the anti—Viet Nam marches ten
Mullism Stone of Ohio, who was arrested at Kent State
‘i.rrnilrrl‘ i“ Committment and numbers" to that of the

 

 

,— Steve Outer

 

 

 

that MUSE “wanted our help but wouldn't
help us. They wouldn't let us sell anything and
we need to do fund raising." She added, "1
think they (MUSE) mean well but we're doing
important work and they didn't recognize it."

Matthew Cachere,

another. member of I

  
  

 

 

y , . ' .
.. ’"i'tiu‘f't
ii "r F M

 
 

 

SHAAD, said "l'm very skeptical about
SHAAD getting any money." He was
referring to the five nights of benefits concerts
by MUSE that were supposed to raise money
for the anti'nuclear movement. The money,
valued by Rolling Stone to be near $750,000,
was to be divided three ways. One third was
to go to grassroot organizationslike SHAAD.
Another third was to go to national
organizations and the remaining third was to
go to an anti-nuclear media campaign. The
groups who wanted funds from MUSE were

. t 1
to send in applications which would then be
reviewed by a board and the approved groups
would receive money. Chachere pointed out
how other benefits didn't get money to the'
people they were supposed to help and even
though SHAAD had sent in its application he
was skeptical about it.

A few minutes later i talked to Kate
Mattias, another SHAAD member, who
didn't agree with Chachere and Vunk.
Mattias, a heavy set girl with nail polish that
matched her sweater, said, “‘ln my mind
MUSE it doing mere than anyone else has

Iii P
. . r

~——- 1

been able to do fund raising wise and in terms
of people they can reach." Mattias had
volunteered for the day and she explained
why she was there, “l'm here because I have
to feel l'm doing something. However minimal
.2 part i play i believe that together we have a
lot more power than we think. .

"Our energy problems are solved by doing
more. i think there are other alternatives. like
conservation and solar energy. To the
American people conservation is just a word.
If somebody got the idea to split the atom then
someone can come up with better ideas to
conserve energy. l'm not here for'the music. i
can hear that on the radio."

A little later in the day in the press area off
to rlie side of the stage i was able to talk to
Harvey Wasserman. a member of the board
that would decide if SHAAD would get any
MUSE money. Wasserman is also a
Cofoutider of the Clamshell Alliance. | asked
him it he thought there would be any problem
getting money to the grassrool groups.
“There is no doubt in my mind that the money ’
will reach the right people." Wasserman
explained that there have been some cost
over runs for MUSE. He said the concerts in
the Garden have been running long every
night and it costs $5000 for each overtime
hour til the Garden," Wassermtrn confirmed
that a film iil1(l a record were being made of
the Garden concerts. He hoped the double
album would be out by Christmas. The profits
of both are to go to a non-nuclear future.

After it rousing speech by Ralph Nader in

which he said, “Stopping Atomic energy is
saving this country." Bella Abzug came out
for the second time, but this time she didn't
deliver a speech, she belted out a short song:
"i lallcluiah l'm a bum. put the money iii the
drum." Between choruses of this she called to
the crowd to contribute what they could to
the staff who were circulating in the crowd
collecting money for NYPlRG. "l'm doing my
part now you do yours ~ put the money in the
drum." The. people listened to Bella as many
contributed to the cause.

About it half an hour later i was walking
'tt'itr the sidi- of the stage where the road runs
out to West Street, when l sawa lady wearing
it bright red litit and l recognized her, it was
Bella AllZUIJ. After quickly strapping a picture
of her [walked over toosk llt‘r r't ft'W questions

on the way to litfl' car. "I've been in this (anti-
nuclear rrroverrrunt) since 1950. i try to help
organize, But tlrey'vcgol to get liltlft' political.
They have to show that their Vlill‘h can make
it difference."

What did Slit! tliiirk of the wily:

"i think it was Jr marvelous L'XDI’USSIOI] of
our position. We've got to Show lllill the
people can once iigtllll decide Wlltll will be
done and what won't." She said as she got
into the front seat of ti ted station wagon with
a girl driving that looked liki- Bella; it must
have been irer daughter.

“I've got to go now dear,’ she said as the
car bricked up. And after stalling once the
wagon took off with Bella.

David Howell, air economy professor at
CUNY, said he crime to the rally to see what
type of people were going to be there. He said,
“There hasn’t been much activity in the last
seven or eight years and l'm curious to see if
it's the same feeling as the late 60's."

And is it?

"The feeling is similar. There's a lot of
politics here not just great music and they're
extending the issues into more than just
nuclear power. it's also nice to see musicians
get political. l'm not actively involved in the
movement. l'm more interested in the anti-
nuke movement as a means to get people
more politically involved. Nuclear energy is an
important issue but lwould like to see people
include it in the larger political perspective.
My understanding is MUSE wants more
people politically involved. A sparkl

Later that night when we were at the
Garden for the MUSE concert and Jessie
Collin Young was onstage, he was performing

when Jackson Brown came out to singa song
with him. As they started singing "Come On
People Now". the crowd started clapping
along. Soon everyone was standing and
clapping and they turned on the'house lights
and urget'i everyone to sing along and they
did. "C'mon people now/Smile on your
brother7Euerybody get together/Try totloue
one‘another, right now."

   

 

 

 

