  

    

   

‘

[Ullffflllt'if fl'tllll Ii’l'llflllls pugi'

tion Is ‘17 percent carbon dioxide and the
cloud cover proVed to be tlte consistency of
Los Angules smog. Russian landers found an
average 000 degree (F) temperature attd Iitill
mile per ltour winds on the surface. No water
was present.

Mars. The. red planet. the god of war. Mars

w... a". imam at (martian American arid Rus»
stan space vehtctes \u \‘I to \\u: cumin at out

research was reached as two American crafts
made Soft landings on the Martian rruin“.
Color photographs and twelve miniaturized
aclwnlillc packages revealed a bleak and
somewhat hostile environment. a sort of Tnt‘ft'
strewn Sahara The most binding questiun‘

* A or i

 

From A Seed To A Star

microwave oven. and served In a Teflon pan. with other circuits on the same boarltl, lhe
Further. grandma can sit ill on the discussion result the first tlllCI’titTttt‘llrttlifr lllctilllt‘lk,
thanks to her electronic pacemaker. pletely different functions ast L't-ttgtt:tlt,{l )y’ in.

All rigltt now. will all tltose who know how chip in rise was demonstrated‘in (ltd-it'lt’tilld.“
to rise a sltderrule please raise their hands. W74. While otie cltlpoperates a rigita LOT. .
Good, you're excused from reading the rest of another Chip outputs the musical bits to Ip ay
this paragraph. The rest of us (myself includ- the theme of fflt' bring. and a tlttitl stmu ath

ed) have been raised and nurtured no further
front the wall than the charger to our
. .artaaruu I nu mach. A product of separate
efforts by NASA. the military. anti private in-
teri'sts to lighten payloads aitd diversify
marketable goods. the silicone "chip" in»
tegrated circuit has becotne a common
household possession. if not o household

an electric piano.

Extrapolation on tltat idea ltas brought us.
within the last five years. ’I‘V games with irtterv
(:ltaitgt.'t'ihle program cards and calculators that
can perform most any triailt function. some
costing under ‘510. Chrysler Motors introduc-
ed lltiff's idea into automobile tt-clinologtv In
1970. By monitoring speed and engine

ward. temperature. a microcomputer adjusts the mix

 

concerning the presence of life on another
planet. remained an open issue. Though no
positive proof was shown, Certain orgatdc

t chemical structures known to be the precur

sors of life were detected and the surface soil
showed to be 1 percent water in makeup.
r Jupiter. By far the largest planet. Pioneer 1(i
seemed to prove what scientists had theorized
for many years  that Jupiter is a star that fail»
! ed, The temperature required to fuse,
hydrogen in a star retrnires immense pressure.
therefore a large accumulation of mass pullittg
together. Dectetrtors on board Pioneer show
ed that twice as much energy was escaping
Jupiter as was being supplied by the sun.
Reactions within the planets ('ore were emit-
ting the difference. 'l'hough ttot attaining fu~
start. it is ttow believed that .lupiter's core con-
tains hydrogen itt its Solid state.

Pioneer ll ftirther explored Jupiter's in

tense magnetic field antl the famed (iteat Red
Spot <7 long observer! as a swirling storm
many times the. size of our Earth. It‘s composi-
tion proved to be phosphorus an isolated
pocket surrounded by storms of sulphuric
acid. Voyager l also found a thin ring around
the planet. the third itt our solar system known
to possess one. the others being Saturn attd
Uranus.
Saturn. American Voyagers l and ii pass‘t‘d
close to Saturn iti the late 70's. Voyager if
having floth through the rings just last
September 1. Of greater interest than the
planet was the composition aitd variation
among her muons. ()f the ten kittiwti trtotins.
a number of them proved to contain water and
'l'itan. the largest. showed signs of elementary
lifc ’iarting encounter» with rrlntittosixtit'lastit
ittfutulilntlae. Voyager ll wtll pliiilrittturtll
llranu-t tti Who.

For all the billions Ill til|l|‘\ titan and lits
machinery has tram-lied lltt‘ll‘ have been
billions of dollars spent to pave the Way 'l he
“what's In it for me?" attitude towaitl-, spitt‘t'
science is a valid one lNltt‘lt‘ are those upar t'
age advattt’es and technologies we've been
told about since the pH'VititP- decade? The
answer can be .tlltlt‘tl tip on a li'xas lttslttt

 

ltlt’itl taltulaior. (fltrlit’tl lit up (\ilttlittltrt

 

The Sky Is Falling?

The universe is expanding. Over the course of ten billion years the concept of tire outer
perimeter of the stars increasing by a few thousand miles per second doesn't strike one as be-
ing all too relevant. yet iii the balance are two conflicting theories about our origins, our pre-
sent relationships with other bodies, and the future of all creation.

(icncrrtlty accepted is the ltl‘it that the universe. all of the mullet and energy irt existence.
was once consolidated in one free-floating. highly dcnsc orb. The heat of compression from
gravitational attraction. it is theorized. raised the core temperature high enough that it explod
cd. s uttering tltc hcavcrtly bodies in all directions cntantttittg front ti poittt. The question
ttriscs. “is there enough gravitational attraction itt oitr prc'cnt state to cause an eventual rc-
collitpsc or will the expansion continue into tut eternity?" Supporting tltc premise that the
universe is expanding. at least for the moment, is the detection of titicrutvavc energy. the by-
product of :t thermonuclear cxplosion. emanating front tlll points along it pltitic iii the celestial
spltcrc.

Albert Einstein's l'ltcnry of Relativity dictates that tlic continual expansion or evctttrtttl col-
lapse is determinant ttpott the total mass wiiltiit the universe. For a “yo-yo" like sequence of
cxplosion and contraction to occur there would have to be it sufficiently strong gravitational
attraction to precipitate the rc-uttitittg of all mass at one point. Prior t() 1970 it was believed
iltill tltcrc existed only two or tltt'cc percent of the necessary rttttss.
in 1971. l'ltllltltl Arp of the little Observatory and Francesco llcrlolti of ’trdutt Observatory
itt itttly used an isodcnsity tt'accr (measures tltc density of light concentration trtuch like isobars
on u \\'L‘ttlltcr map) at tltc Jet Propulsion Laboratory to map very slight light vriritrtiutts itt
galaxy MS7. Tltc rcsults indicated that the tnttss plainly visible in the naked eye was ony one
tenth the actual mass A a "halo" of cosmic debris surrounded M87 arid the other galaxies
slildlL‘ll that accounted for it ten-fold incrcttsc iti mass.

liittstcin’s Theory also depicts tututitcr factor that ttiay be added to tire cclcslittl mass. A
black hole is a star collapsed into itself its explosive fort't- no longer stronger than gravity
llcctutsc of their theoretical nature. tutti the fact that no light can cscztpc to hint of tltcir cont-
positton. black trolcs rcmttin the unknown variable iri determining the future of tire universe.
it appears as though science will have it minimum of" 30 billion years to prcdctcrtttine our
fate, leaving its quite it while to littlttlci' tiic pt‘cscncc of that ttbscntce muss. 70's

 

 

 

 

'l'ltrv development in the late 1‘)tr()'.~; of ad- of air and gasoline in the carboratra to cut fuel
Vrlttti‘tl integrated tilt'tlll‘». known as large useugt' by 3') [)t‘t't‘t'lll.
Scale lirtetgation llﬁll t'ltlps. started a revolit liat‘lt r'hip is less than half an inch long and
tion of tntnlatitrimtlotr ltl electronic and corn is lltttt enough to pass through the eye of a
purer hardware in concept a computer. any needle The desired circuitry is first layml out
(tlittjtttlt't. mnuists of three separate but In on a shut-t oi mylar 130i) that”. [lit' t'\’t't\[t|.tl
lt‘ltlt']tt'lltltlill sit-titans: an arithmetic uitit that size The pattern i‘: exposed to light. wlntlt
[it't‘ftil'lll‘i math and logical (trite false) ftltlt” iattttit occluded iupasst'd through tniiiiaturl/ing
ttonn. a memory uttit that storesinput arid out- lenses. and the design is pltutu etched on a
put. arid a ruittiof ntiit that acts as an inter metal coated lilt'tt' of silicone the clap
llll‘lt’l between the t‘otitputt'r's ‘iV‘tlt'ttt‘v arid 'l'lrt' rectangular black "spider like" corn

 

lltt' titttsldt' tvtilld.

ln I‘ltt‘) .'t young I'lttllltt't'l named 'l‘mi | loll
was the first to integrate all llllt‘t‘ systems unto
lt'tllllt‘

one circuit and lltt'lt tlt-tltt' it lltlt‘tt'llrtth

 

|)ttlt\'lll5 we met- til the back of a lrtlt'tllttltil or
fill the t‘llt'ltll board of a portable radio t'tlt‘lt
(irritants Ultt' of these t'ltl[t‘v t'utbalnii'd ttt
plautit' it it ptott't tion

 

     
    
       
 
 
     
 
         
  
 
      
       
 
      
     
      
       
      
            
       
         
           
         
          
  
    
     
       
     
     
       
     
     
       
          
      
          
        
        
     
      
      
        
        
       
       
     
       
 
     
        
      
      
      
           
        
      
         
        
        
       
         
       
        
        
       
          
      
     
    
       
         
    

thli market ptitt's having almost doubled
iii lllt' 70‘s, products and processes that were
the result lit by product of NASA tecltntll't‘lV
ltavr' stunt'rallv slim“ ‘lUW't l" l‘rl‘l’ 0"”
'I‘ V.'s. stereos and synthetic libeis are just a
few examples.

The 1070's saw perhaps tlte fii~.t public out-
(1'!) against extending mankind‘s knowledge
'l‘wo fronts were involved. the first being ill“
continued extieriinr'nlation with nuclear lis-
sion as an energy source tieiit'tit‘ manipula-
tion was the second. In W711 a group Hf
rnicrobirtltigisls publicly called attention to the
possible hazards in the work they were doing

researr it with recnirrl‘tnant DNA,

Experiments with DNA (that's Deox-
yribonticleic acid) involve splitting away small
segments of the cltemtcal chain that deter-
mines our genetic makeup and replacing them
with combinations lrtilti other organisms. Cur
rent experiments have transplanted genes
front such diverse animals as frtiit flies. sea ur-
chins. and rabbits intn bacteria. Recombinant
DNA research may lead to an ability for scien-
tists to genetically engineer new strains of ltv
ing beings, An example might be cloning
genes frotn a human with these of bacteria to
induce production of mass quantities of insulin
for diabetics or lllt‘ blood (lotling factor for
hetnopltiliar‘s‘ 'l'his Would be for less expert
sive attd produce purer batches than current
ritetliods.

ltt l‘i77 Stanley Cohen of Stanford Univer-
sity developed a method of genetic manipula-
tion similar to a jeweler enlarging a ring. The
jeweler cuts the metal band. inserts the new
piece. and molds the free ends together, lit the
laboratory the microbiologist uses a centrifuge
to separate plasmids. ringshaped molecules
of DNA. frotrt mashed t‘t'llS of If, ('(Jff for
research rise. Questions concerning the results
have led scietttis s. public policy makers. and
Utivirrmmentalists to ask for a piohibitinn of
further experiments. Strains unaffected by
known antibiotics and harmful to our
ecosystem could, if loosed. create havoc

in l‘l7tl. lit a move of ~telfn'straint un
pret't'dented iii the history of sr'ient e. a group
of inicrobitilogistt; publicly tailed attention to
the hazards of their work with recombinant
l'lNA, Among the signers of their first doru
nient were Dr (‘nbvn. James Watson who,
with Dr. Crick. first dt'srribud a model of the
DNA molecule. arid itavid lialitmoru. whose
\votlt ltl llt‘ltt'llt'h earned ltiitt thr- l‘V/l't Nobel
‘tt/t-

l"our It’t onitnt'tidatioris came out of the first
llli't‘lllltl. llt'ltl at M |.'l‘, ‘l'wo t'xtt-trttily
haphazard techniques were t't't‘tilttlllt‘lttlt'tl to
be otttlatertd because of the” unexpected
ll'HltllS. a tlitrd lt't'llltltjlti‘, "shotgun" es
pl'iiiitt'tit'. bi'i'akiiiti tip ill lllt' wlitilt- plasmid
and rt-plartng random parts was r itvd as a
ltiitlt rink. a call was Illiltlt' lot a National ltt

tilltllttltt'tf tn- ltft' built fttl‘t'l

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

tlllllltllll‘tl from l“77 ‘ '
. . . _ g )
“'l'lte problem is everybody is into the):  a‘t't(Lt;th1:::;s't7::'lr:‘:ua;zyt‘:;i;g
‘ Metrlality is spreading. liven In’ the A,“
department you see guys training to he curators or graphic delt‘gtrrl'ts Wllillllj’l‘lfi‘llljin
wired to At}. (.iiuii's Aitis. All't loi /\rt s sake. you know. 5 to wiper ' rt:
are aitd took a big gulp front a plastic dixre ( tip of
had llt't‘il shouting at me for the last half
something she said. 1 was weary from
’t't sltt' ltl‘ltl Iitt' there. my batik to the
’s ttt various states of intoxicar

 

't‘ttis what“ gjt-ril'rtlllnrr t... apart 'It't'

«'lin'. I r
you know. Business Major

it's the career.

ever happ
long reddish brown hair from ltL't f
beer. 'l‘he titttslt' pounded oft llll' walls so she
horn. l hardly spoke. except to repeat oi i‘t'word
ed With a t onstant gush of rhetorir \
ttlulatntg tide of lilllilrlll bodit
l‘ spouting fury.
"All tin-w ignorant ltitilﬁ laying waste
ion of our

being spew
wall. surrounded by on in
tion, nittler llil' it'lentlt'ss barrage of llt’
".ltt‘ ordered lt’tiltlllllt‘tl

"l.rtol'. tttilllltl ytiii.' I I
I K ‘qt’ttttitr wanted is the pi'nnary lllttl|\’t|l

' H 3' h ' iit't'tt-d.‘
to lllt'lll‘wt’th s llttil 1 ll. slit s ' I I U I“ 15505.
generation ihtttlaritt and drugs have replaced lt‘lt'Vl‘th-tt as ‘llll optatt of lfll” tMul“
l i l ' t ‘ yi'rntltkt o to -
' ' .ttott ttt tltt \voild oi llt t y

Whether lllt'l/ «an about tltt slrtlvt l l g

' ' tie at least not

'3 " 'llltt'tnst'lvt'stltattttitlimgttui it to .

Nattotmlsoi lt||l.ll|t\,\t ttatvnttu ' I n n “(I
I ‘ iv . tints me ill it is so pitt u ,
‘iirthr'ytuittolltoit.tlitiygiu upttyittg lliitdist; ‘ I): l. V'w‘m
l nu I‘lltllllt'tl 'wttlllt’ltltlt": to be part of this Ilt'tlt'ittlltilt, topr. \ t pl
'd It) lltt' sixties look at lllt'tlt " Around us the boys and git s
‘ Utiplt’ltii'llli!

by lllt'tll
‘tfl \"tl‘rlt‘llll

ttllltlt more (lt'tllt'tlll H
. _ )
wt'ntt'rl to br- ltrtVIttti .t ~~plutidtd lttltt‘ .lt'ssr' was going around If t iutttttg]

Atiwai hatlat I an (illlli A titiwtl of tiit'asetu at i iunult'itt'd lit the iltitit‘waylchaining
"lttnto 'Nurlwt." and a nnirtttrl [itl‘wlll ltt’ (love that jtlttttst'l atnblt'd about and ring.
' ‘ ' i, «t ll‘tlttl atone .
(imtl'it'fi'. '.i'.'.‘-\-"iii,‘t.il'iiiil. it. ~   1 twin ~t M (W vie till? 'Iniijltt‘l
tint Illltt West l‘ntiit and «put ll it Linn ltllt'l to light out lttl Loltitado. It marititl 
iv H v - d illllt'tl lllt’ /\n l on u l.\r-t'y few weeks it lt’llt‘l comes from sotnt LX-
“mm in II“ N Im l [\ll‘ltlll'ulN. «a San ltit'go. (‘altlornitn to taunt me for

’. ltl“. ’ vlttt lL-tntt‘.’|lli'.
“HI In,” “l L l” l I said l was when we weir) fourteen and

it" .\ it runatmy to turn the r in us l|l<t' I r
liltlllltlttlllt‘l tiltd the wt ald Was air t'itdlt", in of vaiii'ty and rltle’llllllllL'.llglll 
the /\it i-rtrt r- and wanted to burtunt' a novylt-‘t as soon its ltt’ktlttll t1 gel’tllld. I“ limit
they realize that we are all victims of subliminal st'tlttt'tititt.| hl‘llll‘.‘ltlllkl\|\jllL”5‘.l:l “(lining
itty chest as she diyw tllt‘ ll-tt'lt to hm indignant fervor. Vant- atltson ,c 41.“) Whm
I tip. for all our quote desires unrrtrote. Izverytlting from t()\‘\ \Vt‘h‘ll’lt  N W
i like is tltt'lrllt'tl by the fat pigs who sit on leather amaldehyde t tioncs tit i“
and tyranntze our lives like l’litlers. Miserable bastait s.
I d democracy from us and taken away the one

~. pastu

the strit
music we
York and London and l.,/\.
' l we the elitists have usurpe ‘ I I ' ~ g
 ‘lllrrpa humanity ever had for improving ti‘Ltt'st’,l.Vt‘5.\Af}tl)I-I lgrvmgioulr‘  
meaning. and that's time Will 7 the freedom to tlttnk fie-e: ‘ ga- F]?Otjft\:;"Jdcgiqn‘xj
speech when the thoughts that control Illtvi5L’y'iivl)t)l(Cll words as (lair. “HR/mg. hand
and manipulated as television programming? Her drink fe rot?I ’lcfb It‘kim home
arid she was swooming ltl her oratory zeal. Her eyes glared  pile ’1‘“, a, t Lhu J
iit rage. I untbbed her- as if she was going to fall. arid the gildl) tecp‘itllcnr: Whgﬁ WOW
The hugging felt so peaceful amid the whirl of the party. troulgwt gm 1:“! mm-
tnan or wuntan needs is a wotnanorl aman lob-rig. ll.l:(:llbigllflaﬂtﬂllglnij\th She
' v'rsr ‘Itlltit t‘osetome. triot .. 
“(I “mum! l‘llfjl)vl(t)lllll lillltltll city: ittelting. glowing and we kissed. in the lt‘allwaylo
i never saw her again but in passing now and then along t ti
and for a while we'd smile and and to each other.

looked up
this anonymous party.
corridors til lllt' lidut‘ation building.

' ~ -   t u-l tn i‘l7‘f
After a few months we d ittst exchange glanu's. pdhhtttil. PI‘WIU NW"! N '

 

 

 

 

 

 

