.mw.m~- n . _ .
g , ‘Mfu—
. . c . WI...
7 . . “-4...”-

.ri ,C"¢IQ-¢p¢ .. ,..

Speaker’s Forum Presents

nun-admit“

F. Lee Bailey

“Defense Never Red!”

Ibo unau- w-al Who] h-yv- harlot-tad Parr-m tS-vvi.

“MWLW tmnem..dwmmw.

8:30 PM Sat. October 13

Albany Union'sin Gym

eruIthﬂc-tfm
lmmymtmim
0454“ I}

o Iii-Ito nib-dun..de
“bu-mun»: “hm”
turn-Min cud
lhdeuplvtuuni

-m...-.s..-....-......-..-.M.--.

& FRIENDS

With Special Guests
Larry Coryell
- and
David Sancious

PRESENTED BY

Unlvoltily Conurt Board

Palace Theater
THIS "THURSDAY NIGHT

8 p.m.

Tickets: 55 w/tax card
57 gen. public

Tickets on sale at
Just-A-Songl,

the SA Con act Ofﬁce
and the Palace Theatre

landed 5y Stu“?! assocration

 

 

 

The BEArles CAN'r Ger BAck

Toqerhen iN
The ANti-GRoupeR LAw

AleNY! !!

Off CAMpus AssociAtiON needs VOIUNTEERS!

 

 

won't let them
live roqerhek!!!!

FIGHT IT!!!

05ian the pE‘l’i‘l'iON AT
the CAMPUS CENTER tAble.

0Com to the meeting
TOMORROW AT 2:10 PM
in the BAllROOM.

 

i o-c-A- cc net

 

 

——\,M\
PM)- W “‘1‘ Ni,

Joust LENNutv l
l bent-me MARK|1 are

C1,.

mum
Imuﬂltiitlimlim

9 People who've hAd hAssles wirli
Gnoupen LAW to RElA‘rE ThEiR
STORIES 'ro orheas.

0 People to pot up postms.
0 People to cinculare pEYiTlONS

0 People to help onqmize
sruderiit suppout.

OOrihcmpus IESidENTs to help
coondirute do»! supponr.

MOSTPEOPLE EVENTUALLY
MOVE OFF"

HELP!!!
CA“. O‘C-A'
457-4928

 

 

 

 

w .rim tarsmﬂanﬂw

new. .sor‘w_

 

W

The Morin Pyrhon'cdnie'dy gang—usually
encounters criticism on two fronts offeri-
siveness and complexity Tlieit latest offering
Lt/c of Brian. has riled religious groups of the
JUdL’U'Cltt’leiﬂlt ilk. ioth the Catholic Legion
of Decency calling the filrii a "sacrilege". and
some Jewish groups urging a boycott. Also.
an audience of mariin highvscho'ol students
missed a lot of the jokes that an older audience
picked up on. and so didn't like the film its
much '

Rube Cinque

So what else is new? Not much. thank God.
Lily of Brian. directed by Python Terry Jones
and bankrolled by George Harrison. is set in
the time and land of (Thirst Brian (Graham
Chapman) is born in a manger very close to
the one where Christ is born. art the same
day. and later on. is crucified on the same day
as Christ. He falls in the People's Front of
Jridea. not to be confused Will) the Judeaii
People‘s Front. or the Popular Front of Judea.
or any other terrorist group. Like King /\t-
tliut's kiiiglris in the Holy Grail. the People's
f'tOti! goes on to boogie everything they do.
This is the stuff of Python humor the
deterioration of any situation as logic is applied

 

to it The leader of the l’cople‘s Front (John
Cleesel, in planning the kidnapping of l’iinlius
l’ilale's wife. asserts sarcastii'ally. "What have
the Romans ever done for us?" In short order.
llit' others ])lt':rt’lll name off ten (minute ex-
amples of Roman itt’t‘itiltiilINlillit'iilh. arid the
whole terrorist llitt\’t'.|lii.'ill is stripped of its'
altruistic trappings. lt't|\‘lllil the base. air asst'i

trim of territoriality

liiti.'restiiiglv. lllt' higli st lltttilt'h weren't e).

actly wowed by that si’tltlt‘ttt I' in two screen

mgs. one to a suburban theater audit-rice ( ottt

prised of film buffs. intellectuals and families
(yes, fariiilies’). the other loan Albany area an

diericc of mostly ltlgli‘ht‘litiill students intent
on hanging out. the difference lli reactions is
revealing. The Pythons know how to gel

laughs. even lllt' most uneducated would find
Terry ilttlll's. rendition of l’iiiait's llltIllli‘i (lililt'

 

e

ltlttlly. l.iit ('li'esi'. Chapman and maintain)
iloiit >1 rp lllt'ti‘ 'l'licv talw their \filf liiitiuli

. dipper, Ups'ari'ddgtth'e‘m loose on the world. in

presenting the absurd'ds' aaahr'dnpiace. the
British have a long tradition. dating back to
even before the Goon Shows with Peter
Sellers and Spike Milllgan (Mllligan makes a
cameo appearance in Life of Brian, as either
the old man. the laughing centurion. or both --
the credits refused to say). where most of the
Pythons learned their trade.
As it is the humor of the surrealists, those who
know that anything might happen are often
delighted. while those who expect the com-
monplace are disoriented. to say the least,

Messiahs are a touchy subject for satire.
especially considering the propensity of
religious groups for denouncing anything that
does not follow the rules. And so. the Catholic
church has denounced Life 0! Brian. The
i’ythans‘ shots at religion are aimed at all
religion. and they hit the weak spots of their
target: the Church would do better to reply to
the questions raised. As for the complaints of
Jewish groups. these are of a more sensitive
nature. Dressing up girerillas in German army
helmets is nasty. and it probably requires a
duck skin for a View not to take offense at it.
lion-ever. it is. like everything else the Python
gang docs. thrown to the audience in a take-lt-
oi leave it manner. also. as near the ciid of
lllt' liliii. where the vii-ivei is less likely to dwell
on if. and more interested in the impending.
finish This bit is a sniarr flaw. but it asks for lug
trouble because oi lllt' sures. not yet healed.
\\llit'll it hits

.liiliti t‘li-esu. llll idle, (irritant (Tliapitia.
ir-ne .luiii's. l\’l|t lirti'l l‘ rliir. illttl ’l't-ii‘v (iilliairi
li.r\i‘ prirdiired a \‘l’l iiiiiiiy film As iisiial.
trilliarri's rttllillrlllttil t‘v '\lt‘lll'lll. tntluiliirg .r
lltti' Friar Wars iitiirf, and lll' plays a lltll\‘
daiiiir-ioii-~ Ioolririg iiii.rrd As usual. all six
play iiiiiiicious ltilt"r lllllt'll two It] lllll't' iii the
satire st i'llt'l aiiil lllt' iliaiar'ti'ri/atiiiirs iaiii
lllt‘ riiiitrii'ritiiiii tliriiiigli lllt' Iillt‘ weak spots in
lllt' dialogue The l’otliiiiis don‘t treat Hit it air
tlll‘llt u too family. but they sure know how to
gel llli'll laiiiilis -

Video S eetaeular At The P

lil'i My W My,  Wt
,thl’i’   tsp

l have a friend who never tires of
bemtiairirig the impersonal world of
technology which he feels will soon control
the entire world (in fact he‘s convinced that
he's already been taken over by it). He. feels
entrapped by computers with walls of cold
steel that are unliceding of humanity; pri-
programmed giants that march over a person
(or a number. as he now considers himself)
'with about as nriicli thought as a speeding

‘ train gives a cockroach lounging on the track.

- Having reached a point where l cart recite my

student identification number faster than my
own name. l've been inclined to agree with
him, or at least lwas until Friday night.whenl
was first exposed to a growing art form which
uses as its primary tools elet Ironic video and
music synthesizers.

Jeff Hall

“light Music" was a presentation of Works
by Tom DeWitt and Viheke Sorenseti which
combined films. electronic music and
synthesrzed visual images. i can't be too
technical in discussing the origination of the

 

DRIER 9, l97‘l

electronic visuals. so suffice it tosay that what
the artist basically does is to pick out a
specific waveform on the synthesizer, with it
results in an iriiagi' that appears on .i cathode
ray tube. By adding various waveforms and
frequencies in cotiiliirialiiiir \villi assorted
special effects. one can ioiitiol llit' image
form, i'oloi , Iii()Vt'llit‘Ilf. etc. it is try ilttliit‘itllb
a hit or miss process; like any other artist . lllt’
video artist has specific images in iiriiid. and
can work with the synthesizer until those
visuals are achieved.

Sound Calculated? It is. lint then the Mona
Lisa wasn't just a great doodle.

One of the first pieces of the evening
demonstrated just how powerful a Video
music work can he. “Fall.” by Tom l)i-Witt,
wasmade in l‘)7l.arid its war rilltl(li‘hllllt'lliili
motifs have last tisinuch iinpai t todayas they
did in the watiirig years of the Vietnam War.
DeWitt was able to create a panicky,
apocalyptic feeling through pri-cisi- editing
and rapid visual changes. with iiurltipli' iinagi'
juxtapositioiis throughout, The soundtrack
was perfectly synchronized to the Visuals arid
added to the tone of iriayhem With dubbed in

ALBANY S UDEN

sounds resembling iiiai’liirie gun fire arid
explosions. A fighter pilot appears for a
staunch the static crackling of a radio rises
above the dirt, a falcon is silhouetted against
electroiiit bombs falling towards earth. a
paint liutist descends toward images (if bars
and llaiiii's. it was a grippingrepresentationof
llt(' end of man's fall from grace.

Vibeke Sorenserr's pieces didn't seem as
llnliit‘t’llillt‘llj accessible as Di'Witt's. probably
due to the fact that she does not use film. The
lack of recognizable forms throws some
viewers off, as many of us who have not been
too cozy with Vitli'tt images are rather stand-
offisli when suddenly faced with them alone.
but once they're viewed as art expr "on by
the artist th -y take on air-aesthetic itiaiity

PRESS

that is both unique and appealing For
instance. in “Blossom” the image seems to be
an embryonic life fornr. slowly changing
shape, undulating gently, testing its
environment and retreating before unfolding
again. All of her works displayed a startling
amount of color and textural variation. along
with shading effects which gave some of the
images, most notably in “TV Tubes". a three
dimensional appearance.

On November 3rd the Music Council is
presenting another video art show by Jennifer
Morris and Laurie Spiegel. if you're one of the
many who View technology as a suppressant
of personal expression and hence doubt the
possibilities of a synthesized art form, you
owe it to yourself to check it out. After all, it
ain't the brush, it's the hand holding it.

— a...... .... -,i..-......r..~ “w...” .4...‘...».,¢.r.¢n,‘ r. ,.
.1- .mr [J‘N‘IJJ¢I.£.H"1‘tgl‘\.n.ua . “an. . ,- ,. I A a . r
a - am It“ no.0

 

