 

i".

tin-ti::.e..:

 

Relations .Cut With S.Aﬁica
.' I \ 1
‘ TEHRAN, ' Iran (AP)‘tran's revolutionary government

severed diplomatic relations with South Africa on Sunday
because of Itsrraclat policies and confirmed It will cut off

piles. In another step toward restoring Islam/c traditions fn
* Iran, the government ales announced that women will be
longer be drafted Into the lranlan armed forces for military
training. The state radio said South Africa ‘s consul-
general was summoned to the Foreign Ministry and Infor-
med af the decision to end government-to-government ties
between the two countries. The diplomat will leave lran on
Monday, the, report said. Before revolution cutoff Iranian
oil exports to the world, South Africa received an estimated
90 percent of Its petroleum from the government of Shah
Mohammad Reta Pahiavi, who Ignored international
nressure to ban all sales as a protest against South
Africa ‘5 apartheid policies.

Chinese Troops Withdrawing

BANGKOK, Thailand (AP) Chinese troops began withdr-
-awlng from Vietnam yesterday “after achieving the goals
assigned them, " the official Chinese news agency repor-
ted yesterday. Earller, the Japanese news service Kyodo
said in a dispatch from Peking that the Chinese gover-
nment announced all Chinese troops are being withdrawn.
The announcement by Xlnhua Hsinhua warned, however,
that "the Chinese side reserves the right to strike back
again In sell-defense" it Vietnam resumes the attacks
across the border which China said provoked Its Invasion

 

 

K
W

3.7.4-“t-

.71.

the white minority-ruled country's vital iranlan oll sup- ,

‘Q-Ld.."af>cln-I’...1‘.-~ ....-4,....-..

 

ﬁefsg . ' 

on Feb. 17. The announcement added: "The Chinese
government proposes once again that the Chinese and
Vietnamese sides. speedily hold negotiations to discuss

‘- ways of ensuring peace and tranquility between the two

countries and then proceed to settle the boundary and
territorial disputes. " '

Congress to Defend Taiwan

WASHINGTON (AP) Congress, over President Carter '5 ob-
jections, Is almost certain to approve legislation ex-
pressing American Willingness to defend Taiwan against
potential economic or military threats from Peking. Both
the House and Senate vote this week on Taiwan security
proposals declaring that Chinese moves against Taiwan
would be "of grave concern to the United States. " Similar
legislation has won lopsided approval by the Senate
Foreign Relations Committee and the House Foreign Affairs
panel. A Senate Foreign Relations Committee report
released late last week said, "The long United States-
Talwanese association would make it extremely difficult for
the United States not to respond firmly to hostile activity
directed against Taiwan. "A US. failure to respond firmly
would have grave consequences for America's inter-
national standing. "

Carter to Fly to the Mideast

WASHINGTON (AP) President Carter, In a drive to wrap up
a Mideast peace treaty, will fly to Egypt and Israel this
week to try and clear away remaining roadblocks to a set-
tlement. Egypt/an Prime Minister Muslata Khalil said in
Cairo that Carter '5 trip "will most likely lead to a
signing. "And lsraeli Prime Minister Menachem Begin told

members of the U. S. Congress In Washington, “now there
Is a ray of hope. " Noting that Israel has accepted U.S.

oroeosals for wrapping up a treaty, he added.‘ "Let us-
hope Egypt will join the effort. Then If this happens, In a
short period of time, we may have the ceremony of
signing. " Khalil told The Associated Press In a telephone

Interview: "When an American president puts down all his

stakes, It Is natural that It has to have a positive result."

White House Press Secretary Jody Powell said Monday

that Carter will arrive to Egypt on Thursday afternoon for

talks with President Anwar Sadat and then go on to Israel

on Saturday for talks with Beg/n. At this point, Powell

said, there are no plans for a three-way meeting among the
leaders. The spokesmag said he did not know when Carter

would return to the United States.

Voyager One Close to Jupiter

PASADENA, Calif. (AP) Wlth cameras clicking and com-
puters humming. Voyager 1 made Its long-awaited ren-
dezvous with Jupiter yesterday, coming close enough to
the distant planet to reveal never-before-seen details'as
small as five miles In diameter, scientists hope. The spec-
tacle was billed by National Aernautlcs and Space Ad-
min/straton scientists as "one of the most memorable days
in planetary exploration." The unmanned spaceship ’s
exotic Itinerary put the closest approach to Jupiter at 4:42
am. PST as Voyager, sailing along at about 81,000 miles
an hour. passes within 172,750 miles of the planet’s
swrllng cloak of clouds. The fly-by actually takes place
half an hour earlier, but radio signals announcing the en-
counter need more than 37 minutes to travel the 420
million miles from Jupiter to Earth. Jupiter, 1,200 times

the size of Earth, appears‘to be mostly a last-spinning bali »

of liquid hydrogen and helium with a rocky core and a sur-
‘ece coating of thick clouds. It has no solid surface.

 

l

 

 

A Lecture For A Lecture

As the semester lumbers on toward its midpoint, tired
students may take a break from the routine of SUN YA lec-
tures by attending .  a series of lectures delivered by
SUN YA professors.

The spring series of "Tuesday Topics" stepped off on
Feb. 20 but is still far from ever. For the next seven weeks
a different lecture will be sponsored jointly by SUNYA and
the State Museum. .

The lecture series continues this afternoon with Univer-
sity News Director Lynn New/and delivering a talk on “The
American Pressi’and the Vietnam War." Upcoming lec-
tures will be offered by members of the History, Art,
Psychology, Biology and Physical Education departments
at SUNYA. ‘ I

The lectures are free to the public and are held Tuesdays
at 12:15 In the Cultural Education Center at the South
Mall.

Rally Beats Out Classes

SUNYA's University Senate passed a bill yesterday
requesting Instructors to go easy on students missing
class on Wednesday, Marclr 21. That 's the date slated for
a statewide rally in support of public higher education.

"It is essential, " declares the bill Introduced by
Senators Cronin and Lafayette, “that maximum number of
students participate. " The bill requests that "instructors
not penalize those students who miss classes on March 21
to attend. "

 

 

The authors say students should join In the rally to
protest the tuition Increase they feel would have detrimen-
tal effects on public higher education In New York.

Another controversial bill passed the Senate yesterday
concerning the drop deadline. The bill requests that
professors makevan attempt to provide "some type of
evaluation and feedback to their students before the last

day to drop a course. "

Now Is The Time

Acting Director of the Center for Undergraduate
Education (CUE) Leonard Laplnski, says that now Is the
time for all freshmen and sophomores to come In to the
center for academic advisement.

"We 're not that busy at the center right now. " Laplnski
said yesterday, "and we'd like as many students as
possible to come In early. "

While all lower division students are assigned a specific
advisor, Laplnski said that many probably never‘received
word on whom they were assigned to. He said that such
students should come Into the center and inquire at the in-
formation desk about which advisor they should see.

“Each student should have gotten a letter telling him or
her who their new advisor is, " Laplnski said, "but some
got lost in the mail or sent to the wrong addresses. "

Alas, Poor Theo

The reason the ASP appears different today is that Its
aged, feeble, and infirm typesetting machine passed away
late yesterday afternoon.

We wish to thank Paul Fetdman, Fred Brewington, and
Mindy Wo/In for the use of the SA typesetter; as well as
Marc Sheinbaum for allowing us to use Student Voice
time.

The typesetter Is survived by his son, a CB radio; his
daughter, a toaster-oven; and 52 loyal ASP staff members.

The funeral arrangements for our typesetter (lovingly
known as Theo) have not been made as of yet. However.
the ASP staff Is looking Into renting a new or used typeset- .
ter in the near future.

     
   
    
     
  

 

Commltlce OK'e Tuition Hike

V Flllal improm- 51th

 
 

The lune In ﬁlltlon
And Wind! It Will Men/I

 
   

Quiet. Dorm Speaks On Changes

 

New L'trvcrfn Victims Of Vandals
"climax: a”

 

 

 

 

 

. . Way beyond our control.

 

 

 

 

J

V

 

Today's ASP looked different due to technical difficulties.

 

 

 

 

.m....c.~.wx.............

 

._._......,.... ...

I Pierce  Reset
To PropOsedChanges

 

And Welly Listens

continued from page one
Is on Alumni Ouad would have on
living conditions.

"The bus system would only get
worse with the additional studen-
ts, " one girl told Welly, "and it '5
bad enough as it Is. " The students
also expresssed concern over
whether the cafeterias on Alumni
could handle the additional studen-
ts.

Welly said he couldn’t answer
for the bus system, but that he
would "do as much as f can to
make sure any promised increases
In buses would be followed
through. "

He also said he consulted with
the food service workers in
Brubacher, and they assured him
the dining hall could handle the In-
flux of students. Welly said he felt
the dining hell would probably open
up earlier should the proposed

changes take place, to handle the
additional business.

When questioned about the
future of Pierce '5 alternative living
life-style, Welly said he couldn't
make a decision whether to con-
tinue It until "we see If there is a
commitment to such a section on
student ’5 parts, and how many we
would have to recruit to fIll the sec-
tion. "

Popular/y known as the "quiet
dorm, "Pierce Is an attempt to fun-
ction as a community. Residents
are asked to respect each others'
rights to live and study In a quiet
and relaxed atmosphere, and also
are actively encouraged to par-
ticipate in dorm activities. One
resident described It as a ‘fun dorm
with respect. ' ’

. .I
An alternet‘g-a'x to Welty's
proposal was pitfosed by Pierce

 

by Steve Oster

in the Brubacher cafeteria.

traditionally tow voter turnout.

 

QM or live ballots were cast. "

alumni Elections Over 1
Fermin And Cox Winners

Steven Cox and Marvin Fermin will join Valerie Corrforte on Cen-
tral Council as Alumni Ouad representatives. -

Cox and Fermin garnered 71 and 57 votes respectively, enough
to eclipse the totals of three other candidates. Jackie Gold had 51
votes, Tom Lelnkowitz 35, and Celia Culio B.

An earlier election, held three weeks ago, was ruled Invalid after
Fermin filed protest because ballots were not distributed In
Brubacher Hall, as elections regulations mandate. Fermin is a
resident of Say/es Hall and claimed that many of his supporters ate

Elections Commissioner Jane Beiber said last week that she
chose not to distribute the ballots there because of the dining hall 5

In three days of voting this week, according to Beiber.

 

 

"about

    

. .

Pierce Hall residents look at possible dorm changes on Alumni Ouad with concern.

A community that may not want to move.

resident Clifford Stoodley. Stoodley
suggested that graduate students
in Brubacher be housed In double
rooms in one section of the dorm,
and that 100 spaces for un-
dergraduates be created there. also
In the form of doubles.

With additional undergraduate
spaces created in Say/es Half, the
Wellington, and in Pittman Hall,
Stoodley claimed that SUNYA
would their only be short 112 un-
dergraduate beds, and 75
graduate. He suggested that Pierce
be left as an undergraduate alter-
native living dorm.

"I don’t want to see the Pierce
life style as it is go out of Pierce
Hall. " Stoodley said later. "The
alternative living environment
wouldn't be the same in
Brubacher, because it has to be
contained within certain boun-
daries. A building like Pierce is
much more effective. "

Stoodley said the undergraduate
spaces he proposed for Brubacher
should be filled by juniors and
seniors only. He felt the graduate
students would accept upper-
cfassnien more readily than fresh-

Human Sexuality Plans Clinic

 

Open To Men And Women

by Wendy Greenfield

The Human Sexuality Program is
planning to open a student run
counseling center next year and an
on-campus clinic for the 1980-81
school year. according to Chair of
the Ilurnari Sexuality Program
Jackie Goth.

6ch said the aim of the Human
Sexuality Counseling Center is to
educate students on such topics as
contraception, sexual asser-'
tivcness. pregnancy, abortion, and
V0. Tire needs of both the gay and
the disabled students will also be
met, Gelb said, and the center will
be open to men and women.

The Human Sexuality Board,
composed of students. faculty, and
administrators, submitted a budget
proposal for the 1980—81 fiscal
year. If the budget is approved, it
will provide funds for the main-
tenance of the clinic and court»
seling center.

"We also trope to have an
outreach program which will run
sessions in the dorms, " said tie/b.
This program will depend on the
availability of the Human Sexuality

staff.

Students who wish to work at the
counseling center or the clinic will
be required to take a semester
course in Human Sexuality. An ad-
ditional weekend training program
in counseling is required, ex-
plained Gold.

According to Seth, Planned
Parenthood is currently maintaining

an ori—ca/npus Human Sexuality
Clinic. The clinic provides services
for students at the inlirniary every
Thursday from 5 pm, to 0pm. but

the limited time proves to be a
problem, said Oelli. Planned Paren-
thood only provides services to
women, and "they don't provide
VD testing for men. "

Students Go Hungry For
World Hunger Problem

by Michele Israel

Eight—hundredfifty SUNYA
students participated In the Third
Aiiriuat Food Fast this weekend,
raising approximately $10
thousand for world hunger. said
Fast coordinator John Loonam.

Tire 30-hour last was sponsored
try CROP, a Church World Services
organization designed to deal with
the problem of world hunger.
People and FOLIO, on SA funded
group, worked with CROP to
organize the last.

People and Food members
presented a series of films and lec-
tures that continued through tire

testing period.
"These presentations were
designed to raise student

awareness. lire money is symbolic
way of getting students involved. "
said Leona/n.

The program included speakers
such as South Asia Coordinator for
Church World Service Kirk Alliman.
Clergy~Laity Concerned Observer
Jim 0 ’Cailahan, and Regional CROP

men and sophomores;

Welty, however. was concerned
wirether enough upperclassrnen
could be attracted to live In
Brubacher. Tire Pierce students
ttren suggested that the spaces be
filled mostly by transfer students,
who tend primarily to be juniors
and seniors.

Recommendations on just what
changes should be made will come
from Welly and the Committee on
Residences. The committee, made
up of both students and SUNYA
personnel. will make Its recom-
mendation to Dean of Student At-
fairs Neil Brown. Welly said the
final decision will be made "by one
of the Vice-President '5 offices. "

The committee, however, has no
members from Alumni Ouad. One
Pierce res/dent questioned whether
the committee will then have any
real concern for an issue affecting
only Alum/ii residents.

Welly ttrough, has no doubts
about the committee '5
seriousness. "I don't think It

would be fair to say the committee
care
he said,

Alumni
they

about
‘ 'and

doesn 't
people, ’

 

This year's load test was

Films, slides, but no coffee.

Coordinator Dennis Mayer.

Films and slide shows em-
phasized the poverty and hunger
problems In countries such as the
Dominican Republic, as well as the
involvement of US. corporations In
the hunger situation.

A "Coffeehouse Without Coffee "

I provided water and entertainment

for the tasters. -

Loorrarn said that the first last
took place in 1977, wrlh only 250
students involved. Last year,
student participation Increased to

probably will come to the quad to
hear all the issues directly. "
He will be meeting with
representatives from Brubacher
Hall on Wednesday, Welly said,
and he Invited the Pierce students
to send representatives also. Welly
said he Is "willing to listen" to all
suggestions made by the students
before any recommendations are
made. He added that a decision on
changes will have to be made
soon however, to allow students to
sign up for the housing this spring.
Many of the Pierce residents said
they feel the graduate students in
Brubacher would also be hurt by
the changes. "The grad students
are being shafted, " Stoodley said.
"They wouldn't be able to work as
well In Pierce, Pittman, or Saytes.
A larger group of graduates ls just
more effective than a smaller one. "
Another Pierce resident, Chris
Wright, objected to the changes
because "people moving up in
seniority here will lose all their ad-
vantages. " Current/y some singles
are available to Pierce residents
wire have lived tirere for a few
years.

the most successful to date.

450 people. "Fast '79 was our
most successful, " said Loonam.

People and Food, the successor
of tire Northeast Hunger Action
Alliance Chapter, has been In
existence for three years. It was
started in 1972 bye group of
students who were Interested in
promoting an understanding ol the
world hunger situation.

Tire group has helped to Incor-
porate "World Food Crisis" cour-
ses Into the SUNYA General
Studies program.

PAGE THREE

 

 

 

 

Gunya news briefgﬂ 1/)

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS MARCH 6. I979

PAGE Tania MARCH 6, 1979 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

értﬂubﬁaw:  Wﬁlt’rﬁﬁ‘ini' " 3

    

