 

 

"if: 2': "ﬁt"? 4: f, ‘1’; “3".

a, ,.

 

 

 

 

 

 

By Hubert Dickey
When asked what the price of freedom was,

' Malcolm X replied “death”. For most. if not-

for all who live today this is the most telling of
insights. sentinal in its import. Wltile national
orcultural freedom. as causes, are usually the
recipients or the beneﬁciaries of human
sacrifice, precious little of the needed requisite
attention is paid the the “legitimate
aspirations for autonomy of the individual."
in the great battle for freedom. those who
should be enjoying freedom are those least
jkely to receive its bounty.

 

ls not society the servant of the individuals
who comprise it? The truth of the matter is
that in spite of the lives lost and the grent
amount of lip service given ' to personal
freedom. individuals increasingly find
themselves under the aegis of government.
Which. in turn has become the ambassador of
a growing number of interest groups. Most
immediate of all is not so much how or why
this happens. but what course ofaction should
be taken. if indeed there do exist any real
plausible alternatives.
If the energy crisis and the effort needed to

deal with it can be seen as the "moral ‘

~equivalent of war." then it can be said with all
due modesty that the encroachment by
government of personal freedom is no less a
matter of concern. if one is to be proven
worthy of freedomthenfreedom's call must be
heeded with all due candor. vigilance and

strength of character. We who live today, are
faced with the growing problem of seeing civil
liberties taking a back seat to the need for
maintaining order. What once was seen as a
part of totalitarianism is now increasingly a
part of all the major nation states.

This crisis will not be overcome by a few

hasty and nervous attempts at suppressingthis

newly a rising-and troublesome problem. The

way out is to be found only through the
gradual extension and deepening of new
insights. We can never be satisfied with
narrow perspectives but must constantly seek

to become aware. Th; individual must stop _

dcfying.‘ romttnticizing or idealizing freedom.

For too long the individual has failed to
take account of the new realities applying-to
this situation. or worse yet has thought of
these realities in categories which were
inappropriate. Antiquated and inapplicable
norms. ntodcs ofthought. and theories can no
longer be allowed to obstruct comprehension
ofaconstantly changing reality. All the talk of
freedom has blinded us tothe degree. to which
we are subject to social determinants. if we are
to be free we must confront and examine
ourselves and remove the chains from our
minds as well as our bodies. We must unmask
the unconscious situational motivations in our
thinking.

lt must be remembered that psychic
annihilation is more pernicious than its
counterpart physical repression. For. it is an
attempt to gain predominance. by means of
attacking the social status. the public prestige
and the self-confidence of an individual.
through the refutation of the theoretical
relivance of the opponent's arguments.

It is always necessary for the individual to
make hisjudgmcnts from a point ofview of his
own interests. This will plot occur as long as
society is stabilized on the basis of authority
and social prestige is accorded only by the
standards of the upper class. Therefore. it
tnust be said that the cost of freedom requires
the present societal configurationto disappear
and be replaced by one which lends itselftothc-
freedom of its members. ‘

lf freedom is to occur then the mind sets of
the individuals living in society must not only
change but they. the mind sets. must also
become the property of their owners and not
of society.

 

 

‘ 22) at the Albany vs. Binghamton basketball

Long Hard Ride

in the Editor: I
As a full time student and part time worker'l
'am shocked at the way the students at this
school are treated. Particularly, on those
marvels of efﬁciency. the SUNYA buses. last
Tuesday morning. one of the most obnoiuous

episodes in my three year Albany career took

place.

Twenty other commuters and l,caught the
9:05 Wellington Express from the circle to go
downtown. We were all late by at least five
minutes already and very anxious to be
wherever. by 9:30. This of course. had, no
effect on our bus driver’s nutritional needs. He
casually stopped. for nearly ten minutes, to get
his coffee and bacon and egg on a roll at the
Manhattan Diner. Alright. he is entitled to
breakfast ~ but hang on, the best is yet to
come.

The has then proceeded to the Draper stop
where it pulled to the curb and opened its
doors. Then as if he were at the family picnic.
the driver carefully opened his sandwich from
the wrapping paper. Sipping his coffee sinfully
slo'wly. he ignored the various queries of the
confused commuters as to why we were there.
“It‘s my coffee break." be snapped. scmi-
literatcly. “llut. we're late for work." someone
pleaded. He didn't respond.

Walking to the front ofthe bus. laskcd for
the driver's name. His retort was. “Show me
ya' l.D.“ After complying, i ﬁnally got his
name. Tom Reckner. Upon arriving
downtown at 9:50. I called the motor pool to
complain. But. all they could offer me was
their kind compassion.

Besides getting this off my chest. it is my
hope that in writing to you. maybe the bus
people will start listening to student

‘complaints. The system itself is fine, probably

the best of any other school. but a reasonable
measure of concern for working students is in
order.

- Weary Traveler

How You Play
The Game
To the Editor:

it is at this time that I would like to
commend the Albany State Pep Band for the
litre job they do at our University sports
events. They work hard to generate a
tremendous lcvcl ofcnthusiasnt. school spirit
and good sportsmanship. 'l‘heir performances
during halftime shows botlt at the football
games and the basketball games are very
professional.

This was provcrt Thursday night (February

 

 

game when their recent addition to the hall
time activities included free throws (costing
$1.) from half court to win 525. Their
professionality spoke for itself when on;
contestant, abiding by the rules of the game.
threw the ball standing from behind in:
designated title and sonic the ball. Tincc
ofﬁcials ruled the basket good and said that
the prize should be awarded. However. thc
announcer decided he was the ofﬁcial and
ruled the shot no good. Little did he realize
that due to the law of inertia (a body once set
in motion remains in motion) it was only
natural forthecontestanttofallforward ofthe
line after the ball was thrown.

Good sportsmanship is realizing all factors
in a game. The Albany State Pep Band did not
display such a knowledge affair play whcmm
$25 prize was not awarded._l hone in the future
that good sportsmanship in the spirit of
fair play will be included in the Pep Band
organization.

Patricia Dowsc

SUNYA Endorsing
Apartheid?

To the Editor:

Last semester saw SUNY's itll’chllllctlls tn
American corportations trading in the
apartheid state of South Africa itL'CtllllL‘ n
campus issue at Albany. liy now. due to thc
visible protest and criticism of students ttllllt'ti
against this institutional link to one of “it:
tttost reactionary social systems on cttrlh.
divestment of the stock is a SUNY-tritlu lstllc
This is even more true now that both hlhnn)‘
President 0' Leary and Chancellor \l'ltzttlon
have felt obliged to speak their nnnth on litt'
question. Now the problem is posed. Whitsu-
we to do about it?

Students and others who L‘l'lllt'l/C litt-
investments have spoken ottt from the
beginning in favor of divestment lhc
university‘s spokespeople have been slottcrto
make themselves clear. But through the
statements of f)‘ Leary and Wltnttnn an
"official" positiott is becoming \tsthlcz
SUNY's stock should stay in South /\lllt'.t. We
must not forget that the Chancellor haszuldcd.
lor the good of tile oppressed lilack». [his n.
of course. the position of UN. Anthnssttdor
Andrew Young: that Us. corpornttomuruAl
“progressive force" in racist South :\il|t'll.
Already we are hearing talk ol thc lltlslULN
adopting the famous Sullivan l’l'lllt‘lplt‘x

What are the‘ Sullivan l’rillciplcs'.‘ lhct nrc
a sort of ethical code devised lot .‘\lllt’llL‘i|ll
enterprises iii the apartheid sttttc hi [can
Sullivan, a Black minister on the (it-twin]
Motors board ofdircctors. iltc sis pllllt'll‘il"

 

 

 

AHERICADB

 

 

to
wolf sap Fm

5W"? MED —
rhetorical.
l

PLE OUR

FEMNIST? RE Wl-mlcm

r Weir Par 0....)

PL W75 ABOV mawos-
L FE.

 

Mommas A MTt-maetcm 
10 war at is K175 ARE Aim—AMERICAN
wgggsrseimgwa’a 0“)“ 4T9)ng Tuev pour usm)

VEFFUSE

l l
i i V  1

UBEJEALS ARE
were
PUT £01m
Dorm). 0

 

 

 

 

 

’51 sum W...”

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

“4...... on”-.. owned; -. _ ~

 

 

