 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

\I  supports Boycott

P' Strik 'N E d - -
"3°" 3 ea" " Against Major Company. '

 

;

 _; world News Briers";

P

. J¢EEF1QIVEQ§M4 ...

 

 

 

NEW YORK (AP) Negotiations to avert a strike that would
aggravate New York City‘s tightening gasoline supplies and
greatly inconveiilence motorists got under way yesterday as
the city‘s regular flow of milk resumed after a nine-week
labor disupte. And mounds of uncoffccted garbage
continued fermenting on the streets at many Manhattan
locations as a strike by tugboat crews coupled with a
walkout by apartment building workers effectively hindered
removal by the city_ of the odorous problem. Health
emergencies ltad been declared by city inspectors for at least
138 Manhattan buildings. Talks to settle the trig strike were
expected to resume todttyand a mediator reported progress
over the weekend in negotiations aimed at ending the
apartment walkout. A gasoline drivers‘ walkout was
threatened for midnight if no agreement is reached between
the oil companies 1 including Mobil. Gulf. Texaco. (ictty.
Amoco and Chevron r ttttd Petroleum Trades Employees
Union. representing 800 drivers. If' gasoline drivers should
strike. they would do so before tttost service stations receive
their bcginnirig-of-the-iriontlt shipments arid Matthew Troy
Jr.. spokesman for tlte Long Island (ias Retailers
Association. said the result wotrld be disastrous.

Nuclear ,(Upponents Rally

 

SAUGERTIES, N.Y. (AP) More thari a thousand people
gathered here Stinday to celebrate a decision to scriipii plan
to buich a nuclear power plitnt at Cciitenton aitd to call for
deactivating existing nuclear power plants. The Power
Authority of the State of New York rccctitly dropped plans
to build a platitat ('errrenton.saying the projected cost of‘the
plant had skyrocketed arid noting the determined opposition
to the plant. While praising I’ASNY's decision. spcakcrs
called for the closing of nucf 'ttl plants. starting witlt tliosc
Lot-arr large concentrations of population. such as fire Indian

 

Gait Strike Talks Under Way'

speakers commented on the Three Mile Isliﬁid‘accidcnt near
HarrisburgoPa. The protest was scheduled before the Three
Mile Island acciden'i to coincide with the shad run in the
Hudson River here. Shad is a bony food fish. once so
plentiful in the river that its annual run from the ocean into
the Hudson‘s estuary was a major commercial and social
event. The shad declined toa raritydccades ago but has been

making a slow comeback in recent years as sewage treatment.

plants have removed much of the coliform pollution front
the water. More than 30 sites along the Hud‘skrit between
Albany and Ncwbuyh-‘Itudc been suggested for power
plants. One such site is at Stuyvesant in northern Columbia
County in an area adjacent to the only known breeding
ground of the ra re short-nosed sturgeon.

\

Nuclear Proﬂems F oreseen

NEW YORK (AP) The use of'nucfcarcnergy will lead to tire
cancer deaths of 2000 Americans by the end of the ccntury.tr
major Natiotiaf Academy of Sciences sttidy has reportedly
concluded. The study. titled "Risks Associated with Nuclear
Power." Iias yet to be tirade public. Its contents were
detailed in yesterday‘s editions of 7711' New )‘or/r lflllt’.\.'A
second stitdy financed by the Department of Iinci'gy. which
the 'l'r'rrrr'i also obtained prior to its release. said that one
pcrsort inc thousand develops cancer from all radiatiort
sources. The acridcniy‘s report. based on it four-year sttttfy.
challenges the nuclear industry's assertions that atomic
power plants do ttot rcsttlt in severe public health problems
ordcatlis. According [it the 'I'r'lirr'i, the report rilsoconcltrdcd
that “additional deaths" result from the mining of
radioactive materials. their fabrication iirto fuel elements.
the exposure of plant employees. the ' 'trse of small
amounts of radioncthc materials into IIIdflllllttspItL‘t'L‘ and
the transportation. reprocessing and storage of nuclear
materials."

Point plants in northern Westchester County. Many

ALBANY, N.Y.(AP) There were new hints ofprogressearly
yesterday in the weekend-long negotiations to end the 12-
day—old strike by prison guards. Sources said the state has
made a new offer. arid that at least some union negotiators
had agreed that it Was basically acceptable. The proposal
reportedly calls for a three-year contract. with guaranteed
wage increases each year. In addition. there would be a
scheme to supplement the first year‘s basic 7 percent pity
.raisc with "bonuses" to guards and other correctional
employees who participate in new training programs. But
sources said the full 24-member negotiating’committec for
the union had yet to discuss the proposal and that prospects
for its approval by that body were uncertain. The talks had
begun in earnest on Friday night. and continued virtually
.non-stop for the weekend. The strike started when the rank-
‘Jilc rejected a tentative two-year contract deal which
‘uld have provided a 7 percent pay raise this year. but
nothing more than a promise of reopening negotiations on
wages for the second year. The new contract proposal would
provide for a 7 pcrcettt raise this year and for lump-sum
"cost-of—living" raises at the end ofbotlt the second and third
years.

Israeli Ship in' Suez Canal

SUEZ (.‘ITY. ICGYI’TlAP) An Israeli freigfitcrcntcrcd thc
Sue/ Canal yesterday as cheering Egyptians welcomed the
first Israeli-flag ship to travel the I07—ruilc waterway in 75
years. The 4500-ton Zim Shipping Co. freighter Aslrdoif
entered the southern end oftlie canal rt -ar Suc/ (‘itvand will
crtd the l4~fiour crossing tit l’ort Said on the Mediterranean
An lzgyptitin escort sltip aecornparticd the Ashdod ti
cotrospondcrit for Israel's Arrtty' Radio reported front The
slrrp. Witnesses said crowds on the canal banks cltecrcd the
Israeli ship aritl launches in the watcrwaytrmtcil their Iiorns

lhc canal crossing marked rt major development in the
framework of peace being bitilt bctwcen Israel and ligvpt
following the signing of their historic peace treaty last
month. The last Israeli ship to try crossing the crintil w'is
sci/ed by lgypt in I954. - If

 

 

 

 

Happy HAP Week

r

After all the talk about human awareness. IIAP week has
finally arrived. The festival of the fountains on Friday at
noon will be the peak of HAP for the campus community.
Students. faculty. aitd staff will hopefully partake iii
SUNYA's spring time party on the podittin. Informal
discussions in class throughout the week will ltopeftilfy
supply an exchange of perspectives and itri escape from roles
which the community can long benefit from.

SPAC Day At SUNYA

'lhe Satatoga Performing Arts ('enter (SPAC) is
presenting "A Day at SUNYA“ today. May I. in the main
lobbyofthc Performing Arts Center from l2200 noon to 5:00

.rn.

SPAC representatives Peter IIopper arid 'I‘ini Burke will
be available to give information on Sl’A(."s I979 season of
events that will include: The New York City llallet. the
Philadelphia Orchestra. and the Acting Company.

SPAC Day at SUNYA is presented iii cooperation with
the Performing Arts Center at SUNYA.

Library Cram Hours

With finals week approachingaud the workload increasing

take heart! The library will be increasing “cram hours"
during finals week front 7:30 a.m.-2:()0 a.m. on weekdays.
frottt 9:00 a.m.-2:00 a,m. Saturdays. and Sundays from
l2100 noon-2:00 a.m.

Heated Debate

A debate on the heated issue of the use of nuclear reactors
in New York to generate electricity will be hi'oad'ast
'I‘Iiursdttyat 5:30 p.m. over S' lNY«‘.'s own W(‘I)I3~‘)I I'M.
Robert Ryan of the RPI Ntrcle..r firrginccring Department
will s'p ik on behalfof nucleargeneratiouand John (‘utro of
tire t'ripitttl District Anti-Nuclear Alliance will trike the

Practice in Politics

Want to know lrow to take a first step into the political
13:11:;"AhﬁcmcnYJLriljtuze senate. legislature I‘cllows
‘ ‘ I . pct togch graduate studentsa first
hand knowledge of New York State government.

The major purposes of this prograitt are to foster art
acctrratc understanding of the governmental system tirnong
a group of potential lcadersand to demonstrate the variety
of disciplines in public service careers.

Ten graduate students are chosen for this program each
year. The program begins September 1. I97‘) and continues
tltrottgltoiit an entire school year.during which the students
will be carcftilly trttincd and then immersed iitto the staff
work at the legislature.

Requirements for this program are: one must be enrolled
in a graduate position at a NY. Universitytind litivea strong
orientation toward ptiblic service. 'I lie work experience that
can be gained with pay iii this program could be invaluable
to a politi ‘ttI career. Interested itt learning if'youarc eligible
for this prograrii‘.’ Contact John lilynn in the State Capitol at
455-261 I.

opposing view. John Malusttk. Director of the State

Radiological Sciences Health laboratory will rifsoexpound
on health effects.

 

C Snnyu News Buick

 

 

 

 

 

HBANY STUDENT PRESS

MAY I, 1979

 

 

 

 

unite  Labor Unions

by Laura I~'iorentino

The Albany Stttdent Union
tASU) has agreed to support the
United Auto Workers campaign
using the boycott of products
manufactured by the .l.l’. Ste\ens
Company.

llte decision was made at. a'
meeting held Mortday. between
representatives of the United Auto
Workers Union. Ittstirattec Workers
Union. Albany Student Associa-
tioti. ASU. and the Arnalgttritated
Clothing Workers.

According to Urtitcd Afrto
Workers Union organi/cr .liin Roti-
Roti. J. P. Stevens is one of the
nation's major labor. Ii-itlth. arid
sulcty law violator as well as an
evtrtler of taxes.

.I. P. Stevens. the second largest
textile mantrfacttrrer in the country.
presently supplies the University
Auxiliary Services with littcn and
carpeting products which Roti-Roti
claims are on the national boycott

list.

“The Studertt Uniotr Iiopcs to get'
the University to stop pitrchasitig
these products." said ASU member
llrucc Cronin.

lit addition to the Student lltiiort.
other organi/ations such as the

American Federation of Labor and
the Congress of Industrial
()rgani/ations (AFL-CIO). have
also called for .such a boycott.

"When the AFL-CIO attentpted
to unioni/c .|.l’. Stevens and
improve their plant h with
conditions. the company flatly
rejected the proposals arid fired all
critploy s wishing to form a union.“
Cronin said.

Cronin stated that .l.l’. Steyens is
presently closing down its northcrit
factories and is relocating iit tfic
southern slttfcs.

“The reason for this is because the
south still remains largely rioti-
unioni/ed. Byaimingthere.Stcvcus
can contintre to exploit their
employees by paying them lower
wages arid also \IthillL' federal labor
and safety laws without fear of
rcprisaf." he said.

Cronin ttddcd that labor trrrions
are it powerful ally to students.

"During otir clforts to stop a
SUNY tuition increase. the labor
triiiorts were in the forefront with us.
ASU recogni/es the need for
students arid labor unions to join
together in coalitions to work on
issues that affect its all."

a.
ASl' member Bruce ('roniit (middle) urges HAS to boycott .I.|’. Stevens
.I. I’. 'Smrx is rrm"'o/ r/rr' rrurr‘oir it "prior Iii/tor /rllt f‘itt/(llttl‘.\.

('oitipitiiy's products.

I’lro/o: .lr:(/' .S‘r-lr/rr'elmum

Prisoners Treated As Humans

 

Guards On Strike

STORMVILLE. NY. (AP) Inside
the gray. 30-foot walls of Green

llavcrt state prison. inmates .saytlicy

are enjoying their new liycs while

their traditiorurf adversaries. the
prison guards. are on strike. And

 

(Faculty Members Vacate Officesl

 

by Kevin Laurilliiird

I‘actilty members of the School of
Criminal Justice and the School of
Social Welfare will be \actttirtg lltcir
offices ctiricrrtly loctitctl iii Indian
()urid’s Mohawk lower and will be
-.ro\i'ig to tltc downtown campus
this summer. according to Dime“;
of Strident Residence John Welly.
ffic move will result in the
cotucrsiott ol the top six floors of
the tower from office space to
student dwellings.

"Ihc move was necessitated by
the influx of students wishing to Ii\c
on campus." said Wclty. Ilic
tclttnttlittlt will increase the student
housing Cttpftt‘lly'trf Mohawk lower
front 270 to 420 residents.

According to School of Criminal
Justice Dean .loliit Morgan. the
school‘s offices will be rclocritcd on
the second floor of I)rripct Ilull. Ilic
School of Social Welfare will be
rrroycd to Richardson |I;t|l.

Morgan said that their are rui\t'tl
lcclings concerning tltc nunc
downtown. "I feel IIthI the increased
from rtty office to the
rcstilt iii many
said. Yet he

distance
llniycrsity will
incorrrcrtictu'es." he
added tlirtt souir faculty members
are looking forward totlre change lfl
L'lf\tftiltfttL'ffl.

As for Iirdiari Quad. no major
Cltttttgt's in the atmosphere are
noturipntcd by Moltrrwk 'Iowcr
I>ucctoi Id Sontrstcr. IIft' top thicr:
floors of the tnwrr will br- set opasd
plrrs 3 housing facility while the
remaining three floors will be iirrulc
available for gcnvtal residence.

According to llndgetiug
Administrator ltcrrnrs Stevens. the
cost of rcnotating the tower will be
l\ 330.500. He said this

if i tttixttttttfc
I I _I 1
cost of L'IL't‘lllLtI

figure reflects lIft'

 

 

 

and plumbing changes.

Need For More Housing

Offices In Mohawk Tower will he arrived tti the downtown campus.

“to (or! sit [lorrr'i will tour Irorrn‘ \lIlt/I'IIM.

I’lltilii.’ l/I’S

.J

they are deliberately beltating well.

Iltit they fear the ctrd ol the strike.
l‘or in the closed. tense world of
prisonlifc.t|teythinkthcy will bethc
\ictinis if the guards do not get what
they want front the week-old strike.

“For the first tiriie. we‘re being
treated litirtttinely‘." said 'lheodore
’iiyton. a eomicted inurdFicr from
New York ('tty. wlicrt ti grottp of
reporters toured the prison on
Wednesday. “the National Guard
are interested arid kind."

l‘aytorr and other inmates said
that they \HsIl the troops. who are
keeping the prisons running during
the strike. crutltf remain forever.
with the regular prison guards ncvcr'
returning.

"If tltc correction offrt'cts are
iillowrd hack in here and they
Itnsrn‘t got what they want. cyt-ry
inmate’s file will he Ill jeopardy."
snrd Payton.

Irrnrrrtc alth inrnatc repeated the
sarnceniotroris to the rcportcrs.wlio
wctc llowtr lit by the state for it two-
ltotrr totit of the |.Xf)0»inntatc
prison.

life inmates said the humour-tress
of the National (iuriid wrrsorie of the
tcasons for IIlt' calm that they said
has preyarlcd inside the prison.

Ilth they also admitted that they
hate another reason for keeping
things peaceful.

"We lane a destroyed an illusion.
llitit illusion is that we'icallrurimiils

sayagcs that heat tip people."
said Ahmed llasir of llrooklyu.
“lhcrc is no necessity to Itatiass its.
to be erticl to us."

And the initiates scoffed at the

guards' contentions that they
deserve a bigger raise than other
state employees because guards‘
work is harder.

“'I licy‘ve got air easy job. 'l‘hey‘rc
only required to cotint heads and
torn keys." said Payton. who is
serving I5 yeaas to life.

“If they could treat us humanely.
this wouldn‘t be such a ltell little."

Reporters were allowed to pick
randomly the inmates to whom they

spoke. flat the administration of‘

(ioy. Hugh ('ntcy sclt ted thcprisott

they wcrcalfowcd to visit. It was the
first \ isit by reporters irtsidcit prisott
since tltc strike began.

At one point iii the tour. inriitrtcs
surrounded the reporters and
spouted otrt a litany of complaints
about what they claim is the routine
brutality they stiffer at the hands of
guards.

.ltist as they were telling the tale of
one inmate. he came down it nearby
stairway. clad in a robe.

"When irty wife was \isiting on
I‘cb. 14. she hat! a verbal
confrontation with a vending
tuttclunc attendant. I got Involvch
and was told to Ica\c. When I
refused. I was dragged otit ttrul
beaten." snid (icorgc Wilson. ti
skinny. softspoken minute.

"I was krtockcd unconscious. My
testicles were swollen." he said.

David Harris. tltc prison
superintendent. said the animosity
between guards and minutes was trot
as bad as the inmates portrayed it.
lint fie said he was intestigating
Wilson's case to determine if there
was any brutality.

Gasoline Is Reduced;
Crude Oil Is Limited

NI-IW YORK (AP) Ilte long lines
and "closed" signs at gas stations
that plagued many motorists at the
end of April are likely to be worse in
May because many oil companies
have Itirthcr redticed tltc qtta ntin of
gasoline tftcy sell to service stations.

The companies say tltc cutbacks
are due to tight supplies ofcrndc oil
and the government's request that
they emphasi/c production of
treating oil at the expense ol‘gasoliite

I production.
Oil companies have been litniting

 

the allocations of gasoline to dealers

for sc\crttl rnorrtlts. generally to
about 95 percent of tire amount of
gas the stations got u year ago.
Demand for gasoline is about 4
percent higher than a year ago.

lint many companies recently
have been quietly announcing more
drastic cuts.

Standard Oil Co. of Ctiliforlniit.
rtritker of. Cltcvroit gasoline. is .
cutting its allocations of gasoline t_o
dealers from 95 percent It] April to'
ill) percent iii May. Atlantic
Rictifield has cut t'rom‘)5 percent to

. t‘tlIllfltNt'tl on page .n'i'crr

 

MAY 1, I979

ALBANY S'I‘lll) ICN'I‘ PR ICSS

r. it v‘tu'nluau-ys$ik-""““'“‘"“‘"“‘"

mag THREE

II]. t

 

