   
   

   
  
   
 
  
   
  
   
 
 
  
   
    
  
 
   

 

 

i7

 

   
 

(continued from ﬁrst page) ' _ ' '
more basic and more important to advancement than
any relevant set of undergraduate technical courses. A
well trained mlndyh’rhich has learned how to analyze
precisely, reason clearly, be imaginative In com-
prehending situations and solutions to problems, and
be effective in verbal and Written communication, can
pick up technical information and be able to use it and
build upon it as technology changes. In the long run
students with experience in the Liberal Arts, in which
the Humanities represents an important component,
should generally be able to lead a life which is not only
economically rewarding but also culturally and In-
tellectually stimulating.

Administrators, faculty. and students are aware of
the Increasing need to make faculty advisement more
accessible and more relevant to the basic problems
which students are facing today in choosing courses,
majors, and careers. The Humanities and Fine Arts
Advisement Center is one product of that concern: it
increases faculty availability to students for in—depth
explanation of the relationship between a college
education and a student's personal and professional
goals. The Center also seeks in other ways. such as
the planning of programs and distribution of this set of

,essays, to assist students in every practical way to
make educational choices which‘are more enlighten-
ed. 1

if you do not have the opportunity to read all of
these essays before you leave the campus for vaca-
tion, take them with you. in fact, you might want to
take them with you even if you do finish. them; they
might make an interesting Christmas or Chanukah gift
for parents, relatives, or friends who want specific in-
formation about the liberal arts and their roles in our

education today.

 

,5 John Shumalrer Is Dean of the Col-
‘ lege of Humanities and Fine Arts.
:He also teaches a Classics course
1 each term.

 

 

- Humanities

especially to freshmen and sophomores, to counsel

 

& Fine Arts
Advisement
Center

By WILLIAM v. CRIMES

he Humanities and Flne'Arts Advisement

Center, first opened in the summer of

‘79. provides a new range of oppor-

tunities for students to talk with faculty

. about their educational planning pro-

blems and options. While participating faculty seek to
attain a general knowledgeability of programs and re-
quirements university-wide, they are not there
primarily to answer the kind of questions which simply
call for looking up the relevant information in the
University Bulletin or CUE'S Academic Information for
Undergraduates. Rather, they are there in response to
student requests that faculty be more available,

with about issues that call for some in—depth dialogue,
such as: “Am 1 in the right major?" "What would be a
sensible major for me?" "Given my career goals. what

Humanitigs courses should i take?" "How can i justify ‘

 

 

 
  
 
 

William Grimes is Director of
~ the Humanities and Fine Arts

Center and a ' Philosopher
l who teaches, Ethics and
if Aesthetics.

technical skill program (such as Computer Science)?"
Faculty from most of the Humanities and Fine Arts
departments volunteer time each week to be available
to talk with you on such issues. They are trying to re-
spond to what has been felt is a very real need on the
campus, especially at this time. The service we are try-
ing to provide is, of course, not the sort where there
are simple and easy answers (e.g., what are the re—
quirements for a particular course or major?), and in
spite of our best intentions and efforts we might not be
able to bring you to feel you have moved any closer to
resolving your own anxieties, perplexities, lndecislons.
in this game batting a thousand is not a realistic expec-
tation. But It stands to reason that faculty members
who have shown a particular interest and aptitude for
counseling, and who have years of experience in
discussing with students the values of various kinds of
' educational experience, and who have extensive
knowledgeability in areas you may be just beginning to
be interested in or are considering exploring, will be
able to be helpful in quite a number of instances.” We
know we have been very helpful to many persons,
and somewhat helpful to many others. if we can in-
crease In any way the odds‘ihat you won't make deci~
'sions in your educational planning which you will later
regret, then for you the existence of the Center is well
justified and worth whatever efforts you invest to make
the right connections there. -

 

hose who are most apt to be disappointed
with us are the individuals who would like
us to save them the trouble of studying
the Bulletin to determine the re-
quirements for a particular course they
are interested in. Hardly any faculty member has any
aspiration to be a memory-bank completely program-
med with all technical information needed for all kinds
of advisement. That is a kind of sub-human function
better left to Bulletins and computers. But we will go
over these kinds of issues with you. help you
double—check points in question. But that is a spin-off
function of our basic reason for being available, which
is to help you grapple with those more basic decisions
about your education.

The Center is located on the first floor of the
Humanities bulldlng (HU 117) and is open from 10
am. to 4 p.m. Monday through Friday. You can just
drop in, but you might avoid having to wait (especially
during pro—registration) if you make an appointment
either by coming by or calling 457—4639. Most of the
departments in the College of Humanities and Fine
Arts are represented on our current advisory staff. if
you wish to talk with a specific advisor, or someone in
a specific field, there is a list of participating faculty
with their fields and hours available at the Center
posted on the door.

in addition to providing these faculty advisement
opportunities, the Center designs and sponsors pro-
grams directed toward making students more aware of
the values for their personal development and career
preparation of the Liberal Arts, and especially

grams were presented this fall, and i

will be offered in the spring. a MN mm more
* This publication on The Humanities and Fine Arts
and Careers is yet another endeavor of the Center to
provide you with ideas and information which can

individuals at SUNYA specifically for this publication
though we have included two articles which recently
appeared elsewhere which seemed especiall

apropos. We feel we have an excellent and varied se'f

courses (and majors) and careers W r
them helpful. 9 mm

 

  
  
  
 
 
  
 
   
 
 
 
  
 
  
  

an English major if i don't plan to teach?" and "Howv‘
can i combine a Humanities major with a particular

 

Humanities and Fine Arts courses. Two such pro--

 

  

Table of . contents ‘
Why a New Advisement Center?
Whythlol’ubllcatiou?  1

 

The Huntenitieo'and Fine An.
AdvisementConter............,,_._ 2
ThoGrindtoBenGrnd......,____I_. 3
The Easy Road

To Success and Happiness . . . . . . . . _ , _ 3

Business. Liberal Arte. and
The Market for College Graduates . . , , _ . 4

Theatre and the Real World . . . . . . . . . . . 4

Education for Today's World: '
Education Across the Bored . . . . . . . . . . 5

Humanities and the
Off- Clmplll Worlt Experience. . . . . . , , , 1

A Naval Officer on the Career Values
Ola Humanities Education . . . . . . . . . . . 7

How Not to Cheat Your-elf . . . . . . . . . . . 8

Acknowledgements
Editor William V. Grimes
Delign Pat McGlynn

Compoaltlon Debbie Locb, Pat McGlynn. Aron Smith
Amy Sours

Photography Alan Calem (bottom p. 3, p. 5): Miluv inmll
(top p.4): Jon Hodges (top p 2); limmnu
Kulakofl (bottom p. 7): Sum: Sivinkurnn
(bottom p.52). Performers (p. It), mmn mm in
4), dancers (p. 7) courtesy Performing Alix
Center. Photographs of artwork mum-w
Classics Department.

Artwork Front page: Death 0/ Sorrnir's. .irrrqtrm | Wills
David (1787). Page 3: The [.tununi In: i. Hm
Herbert Draper (1898). Page it Thu f'lil’ii'ill'
Sybil. Michelangelo (1510). Page ii .htri.
Weinman, SUNYA art major.

 

Humanities and Fine Arts
Advisement Center

Humanities 117 457 =iiyii‘)
These faculty members are currently availabli' us mi
visors at the Humanities and Fine Arts Admmm'ni
Center (we expect additions to this list in flit! Siliilly.
especially of faculty from Humanities and Iﬂnr .‘lils
departments not now represented):

Steven Barlau (German)
Warder Cadbury (Philosophy)
William Grimes (Philosophy)
James Leonard (Theatre)
James Morris (Music)

Martha Rozett (English)
Thomas Smith (English)
Harry Staley (English)

Robert Thorstenson (English)
Tania Whitaker (Slavic)

Appointments are recommended, but not TL‘qiiiii’il

- . .. ~ .. .. ............ .o m...«.~.....w~

 

 

 

 

One thing is needful. “Giving style" to one's chth i"! d
great and rare art! it is exercised by those who sru» .rll llIt'
strengths and weaknesses of their own natures tiliil tlh'n
comprehend them In an artistic plan until everythlusi Ili‘
Pears as art and reason and even weakness (lifliiilri‘v the
990. Here a large mass of second nature has been .rtldi'il.
there a piece of original nature has been remowtl lmth
by long practice and daily labor. Here the ugly Wlili‘li
could not be removed ls hidden; there is has lu'i‘ll
'clnlt’fprcted and made sublime. . . . it will be thr- 'rillillil
and domineering natures who enjoy their finest gurtviv rn
SUCli Compulsion, in such constraint and pi'ilt‘i'll‘m
under a law of their own; the passion of their ll(’.llii’lllli)ll>
ivill talents when confronted with stylized. cuntrutvrtrtl,
and 59"”“9 nature; even when they have to hulkl
Palaces and lay out gardens, they demur at givier “Mm”
a free hand. Conversely, it is the weak characters withnlll
POWer over themselves who hate the constraint of styl"

- ' They become slaves as soon as they serve; ihr'v lid”

7

 

 

 

to serve. Such spirits—«and they may be of tho lit-il
ranks—are always out to interpret themselves and thuli
environment as free nature—«wild, arbitrary, lnntastic.
dlsmde’ly. astonishing; and they do well because 0an l"
""5 “’39 d0 may please themselves. For one thing is
neediul: that a human being attain his satisfaction with
himscli~whether it be by this or by that poetry iliiil art.
0an lhen is a human being at all tolerable to behold.
Whoever ls dissatisfied with himself ls always randy '”
revenge himself therefor: we others will be his victims. if
only by always having to stand his ugly sight. i’ur llii'
5'9'" 0‘ "‘9 “Sly makes men bad and gloomy

Fredrick Nlotlll—‘h‘
N

 

 

 

 

PAGE? (3 Mandi-InoAm‘a-dmm

 

The grind
to be a
grad

By JOHN M. RITCHIE

nlike the parents‘of my students, i find
myself more annoyed than comfortable
with the direction that education has
taken in the last few years. I have no
argument with basic skills, except to
note that they are far more complex than is usually
thought. What bothers me is that the Age of Com-
petence is inspired by a vision of learning as short-
sighted as the vision that inspired the Age of
Relevance. in fact, the question, "What is relevant?,"
once the unstated determinant of course content,

 

hasn't been buried or discarded; it has merely grown a
prepositional phrase, and now reads, “What is rele-
vant to success?"

The new question is no more pedagogically sound
than the old one, but it has had, from my experience,
a more deadening effect on classroom life.

What it suggests to students is that becoming
educated is mainly a business of acquiring marketable
skills rather than a process of learning to think; what it
fails to consider is that the ability to think is the most
basic, and even marketable, skill of all.

if i saw signs that students were being better
nourished from this steady diet of supposedly basic
skills they are being fed, 1 would feel much better. But i
don't. .

Instead, l have watched them become more In-
tellectually passive, more paralyzed by anxiety about
their futures, more concerned with achieving at the ex-
pense of understanding, and less able to think critically
and independently.

i remember thinking when i started teaching that
teenagers, whatever else they didn't know, at least
knew that it was important to ask questions. Their
questions were sometimes irksome, or plain silly, but
in retrospect there was someting exciting about their
belief that the world wasn't all it seemed to be, and that
it was their duty to subject it to interrogation.

Now, students are inclined to worry about finding a
safe niche in the world, rather than to ask questions
about it. They work earnestly, on the whole, but their
work is directed toward tracking down the correct
response to a problem, not analyzing or understanding
it. They assume that the teacher has all the answers
and that their job is merely to obtain them, store them
up, and bubble thorn out when it is test time.

Their passivity isn't a result of laziness. Far from it.
The most recent crops of students I have taught have
been more serious than ever about the need for an
educations-so serious, in fact, that i wish for their

sakes that they could relax a bit, and feel a little more

   

 English at Brookline High
School. fimoklina. Moss. llis orilr:lc is repi‘inied, by
permission, from the New York Times (Nov. 4,

1979).

 

 

 

f exuberant about being young. it is. though, their anx-
iety about achieving that ends up making them lees.
rather than better, prepared for the world that so in-
timidates them. '

Students, of course, aren’t really to blame for their '

' attitudes or conclusions.

9 educators and parents are. in our

zeal to put behind us the mistakes of

t the early 1970's by concentrating

on practicality, we have managed

I to forget two critical principles: Peo-

ple learn best when ther natural inquisitiveness, rather

, than their fear, is nurtured; and the true value and

reward of an education is a richer and more complex

relationship with the world~not a college degree, a
job or a salary. '

instead, we have come up with an approach that
sounds rational, and is certainly consistent with current
social and economic Imperatives but it is an approach
that tends to confirm students in their beliefs that learn-
ing is the painful but necessary act of swallowing un-
digesilble chunks of knowledge, and that being
educated only means being marketable.

i can‘t resist the observation that Dickens's “Hard
Times" provides a powerful lesson in what happens to
a culture that forgets or ignores these principles. it is a
book that uses a school, Mr. Gradgrind's Model
School, to exemplify both the cause and effect of an
excessively pragmatic, spiritually impoverished,
unlmaglnative industrial society. The students are
likened to "little vessels . . . ready to have imperial
gallons of facts poured into them until they are full to
the brim." The teachers are to “Teach these boys and
girls nothing but Facts. Facts alone are wanted in life.
Plant nothing else, and root out everything else. You
can only form the minds of reasoning animals upon
Facts; nothing else will ever be of service to them."

The full title of the novel, appropriately enough, is
“Hard Times for These Times." Gradgrind's views are
as senseless now as they were 130 years ago.

The «

easy road ,
to success
& happiness

By DICK COLLIER

here is no easy road to success and hap-

piness. Having dispensed with that sub-

ject. we can now consider whether a ma-

jor in the College of Humanities and Fine

Arts can plausibly contribute to your
eventually reaching a state you would consider both
successful and happy.

When i was approached to contribute an essay to
this publication from my perspective as a citizen of the
university who has long been engaged in matters of
advisement, liberal education and career planning, 1
was uncertain how to limit my response. There are
simply too many specifically practical skills and oppor-
tunities in this college to describe In this forum. These
advantages accrue, for the most part, to very good, in-
telligent students. Many of these advantages will, lam
confident, be pointed out in other articles in this
publication. Therefore, i decided to discuss some
more basic considerations, including some rather com-
mon, pervasive misconceptions.

Nihil ex nlhllo: That's a fancy Latin way of saying
“you don't get something for nothing." Employers

naturally enough seek employees who realize this v

basic law which governs all of humanconcerns and
most of nature. Corollary: if it were easy, it wouldnt

 

 Dick Collier is Assistant Dean
I‘ of the Center for Undergrad-

», uaie Education (CUE) and is
-> in charge of interdisciplinary
programs. His academic field
is Classics.

 

 

 

be worth much. (You  to'opprociate j’. 1' '

principles when planning a major, coursework, career
options and the future quality of your life. There is no
simple pattern or test that can make these hard deci-

sions for you; nor would you be long satisfied by a »
computer which "advised" you should major in X. ob- ’

tain a gradbate degree in Y, and spend the rest of your
life working at job Z. Anyone so dependent and so lit-
tle self-reliant would not be a fit employee for any but
the most unchallenging, stagnant and unlmaglnative
careers. -
Happiness to not lupus-ﬂair Corollary: You

don’t have to hate your major for it to be useful. Again '

putting yourself in the place of an employer,
remember that employees who are unhappy, bitter,

‘ resentful and/or nervous wrecks are also not valued.
Such people will probably not be all that productive ‘

and certainly are not a positive contribution to the at-
mosphere on the job. Some students value majors the
way they value medicine—if it tastes awful, it must be
good for me. If you are fortunate enough to have
identified a subject you love, which fascinates you and
which you can work on tirelessly without regard to
dorm distractions or the fact you have already done
"enough to satisfy the instructor," you should probably
major in that subject. if Albany doesn't have such a
major, maybe you should see me for a
Student-initiated interdisciplinary Major (plug) or
transfer. Maybe it should be a second major (or at least
a second field). Even if the major is not specifically
directed toward a career, this need not discourage
you. Most careers do not require undergraduate
specialization in the area, nor do most graduate and
professional school opportunities. However, a
reasonably happy, "together" and self—confident col-
lege graduate with good undergraduate grades has
many personal and practical advantages over so-
meone who masochistically squeaked through a pro-
gram unsuited to the lndividual's likes and abilities.

Many are culled. few are chosen: Students
who have not identified the perfect major for
themselves may nevertheless be convinced that they
have identified their ideal future career. it pays to keep
an open mind, of course, and even if you are certain
you wish eventually to become a chemist, teacher,
programmer, social worker, member of the clergy, ac-
countant, musician, lawyer, broker, etc., you should

be aware that the routes toward most occupations are
varied. With the right elective courses and, in som
if 32:15:33: $"Sogi'é‘55kéou7é’ be 13:1;
tion for your career. Picking a major solely on the [WEB
of your career plans is a risky business—what if you
change your mind?

You will continue to change: This is perhaps
the scariest realization for university students. I'm not
just talking about improvements and developments in
your critical/analytical abilities, perceptivity, tastes.
nor i am referring to the hoped-for acquisition of new
and improved skills, although all of this will contribute
to the more profound changes. I mean your occa-
sional and increasingly more frequent realizations that
you are really not the some human being you were
before you came to Albany: You have, i hope:
already felt this to some degree. I also hope that, in-

(continued on page six) ‘

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

.
i
i
i

.a. 7.2% bra-M

 

 

 

