   
 
      

.“~

.. W...
__. w‘-_.__,.m-~m,.v,.x a. “A”

.m“

  

4 .ag V c, WMW,~,

 

   
    
     
   
     
    
      
 
       
      
         
     
        

 

 

Summer months are big bucks mon-
ths. and the record company executives
know it. While we‘re away from the
ivory towers. us 10,000 music fans will
be buying records by the hundreds and
thousands. And as fast as we can buy
them, they’ll be released. This summer,
a lot of big rock artists are planning new
releases. and summer tours.

Of course. much of it is hearsay. and
delays and cancellations are common
occurences. The albums that were sup-
posed to be out by May 20 mosey into
the stores on August 22. The long
awaited summer tour ﬁnally comes in
the dead of winter, when you can’t even
get down to the Garden to see them. It 's
a hard life. . '

However, keeping the above in mind;
we have prepared for you a music
preview for the summer of ’79. By no
means is it complete, only a miracle will
keep it entirely accurate. Here is what
we've heard: ‘

First of all, any day now, there will be
a brand new David Bowie LP. called
Lodger, the final installment in the

The n Com-ponies  fleodu

To Get In High Geor

trilogy which began with Low and
"Heares". that he has been doing with
Brian Eno. Bowie has made a
promotional ﬁlm of himself singing
three new cuts off of the album, “Look
Back in Anger". “0.1.”, and “Boys
Keep Swinging". the probable single.
The unpredictable Bowie has hinted at a
summer tour with Eno for old times
sake, but that would be just too risky to
'guarantee now. Also. Bowie's new
feature film, Just a Gigolo. with Kim
Novak and Marlene Dietrich,‘is slated
for early summer release. The thin white
duke is quite active.

The most prolific ex-Beatle is at it
again. Besides his top ten disco single
“Goodnight Tonight”, Paul McCartney
and his new Wings are putting finishing
touches on the new album.Back to the
Egg. The album is his first on Columbia
Records since the multi-million dollar
deal last year. and the current single will
not be on it. A tour may follow.

Pink Floyd had just arrived in New
York City to put the last improvements
on their first album in over two

Concerts In The

Immediote ﬂreo

The area music scctic for the summer is
once again highlighted by the Siii‘ntogtt
i"rforming Arts F' ‘tival.

This year's SPACschcdulc kicks offon
.lunc ll with the latest incarnation ofthe
Allinan lirotlicrs Band.

The first weekend of the festival oflci‘s
two strottg groups, Journey on the lSIh
of June. and Marshall ’l'iickcr, the
following tvilo nights.

Frank Sinatra returns on the 22nd of
June, commanding the highest priced
tickets of the summer.

A close scpond in ticket prices belongs
to the Newport .llI/l I"cstival, following
it's triumphant introduction to Sl’A(‘
last summer. 'l'ltc i’csitval is set for twoall

day and night sessions, June 30 and July

 

Other highlights oi tiic scnson iiicltidc
Stcvc Martin. Aug. 5. iind ('htick
Mtitigionc. Aug. 7.

SI’AC winds tip with an exceptionally
ftill week of quality performers.

On Aug. 27. David lironibcrg and
Mc(iuinn, ('lnrk itiid liilitnau Wlll share
the billing. l’crcnnial favorites. ('i'osby
anti Niish arc in conccrt on tlic 28th.

Folk singers Arlo Guthrie and nii~tiinc
grcnt, l’clc Sccgct' will be there on the
30th.

Sl'AC winds up on Sept. i.2. .1 with a
country music weekend. featuring
(‘hitrlic Daniels iiand the first night.

As tisitiil. SI’M' has left many open
dates. with performers to be announced
later. 'lltree of thosc dates are during the
final Week. '

 

years, The Wall. What's on the album
itself has been kept quite secretive. but
the word is out that a tour will follow its
release. .

Bob Dylan has teamed up with two
members of Dire Straits to record an
album for September release, after the
new live album has run its course. Dylan
said he did it because “everybody said
they sounded like me.” Does that mean
that Elvis Costello and Joe Jackson will
be teaming up next?

The new Stevie Wonder album is
called The Secret Life of Plants, another
two record collection. Originally, the
album was a soundtrack for a
Paramount film, but they subsequently
shelved the film for good, putting
Motown in sort of a jam. Some quick
repackaging was done, but it should be
out soon.

“Boogie Wonderland”, is the new
Earth, Wind & Fire single, and it will
appear on a new album to arrive shortly.
A national tour will immediately follow,
no doubt with the lavish stage effects
they love.

(‘t'IIH‘/II/(/ t'tllll/lf/t‘t/ by .liii (1min, Inn,”
Ivar/nun mn/ 'I'o/ti .lltll/t'f/it

Speaking of lavish stttgc effects.
the Electric Light Orchestra are also (11 it
again. Coming soon is litt'il long-
awaited follow up to Out of the (flue.
called Discovery. More of the same. says
Jet records, including those strings.
faisettos, choruses and hooks that sold
millions of discs.

Elton John, the man who retires
reguarly. has said that although no new
album has been planned. he may totir
America after his stint in the U.S.S,R.
The suggested New York concerts would
take place at Carnegie Hall. quite a
change for the deﬂated Captain.

And who would ‘ve cvci' llttititllil (hill
The Who would be playing Mutton”
Square Garden agniii'.’ lllt' tiilll'\
have been set. and botli Who ttlmsjlhr
Kids Are Alright. and Quuilropiioiiu.
will be otit by sumincr‘s cud, lilt' totian
is a documentary type thing \\llll llllt‘l-
VlCWS iilld SUIIJC i‘ili‘t.’ L'tIIIL'L‘ll llitll.ll_'t‘
'l‘hc lattcr is an iiilcrpi'ctntion oi tllt‘ll
classic album of the same ntunt- sininti»
trucks nrc plitnticd loi both |tttI|t't'l\

Led Zeppelin, whose album was sup-
Dosed to be out in February, dot-s plain
to have it out by the end of the summer.
But who really knows& And at this
point. who really cares. No word on lill)‘
American tour yet.

The Rolling Stones, still smiling ovcr
their successful con on Some (fir/I, iil'L'
following it up with a new studio it-lcitsc
sometime quite soon. though no exact
date has been arrived at. l‘inishins'
touches have been delayed its Keith
Richards and Ron Wood continue their
tour as the New Barbarians. The new
album was recorded in Paris and the
Bahamas. and close sources hint that il
will sound “similar. but not exactly like
Some Girls.” That tells us it lot.

The next Bruce Sprliigstcn album will
not be live, as many people expected, itc-
cording to CBS Records. Nothins “if”
has been said. other titan that he is
recording, and it will be out itt less thc
time it took to get out Dark/tars.

Yes continues touring. with a pohsililt'
live album right after, culled from the
last three tours that began in August ol
1977 and will end in June iii the (iiirtlctl.

That's all we've gotten so far. and un-
tll next September. we say goodbyc “"‘l

jgood listening. See you iit Woodstock ll

 

 

'l'hcy‘vc asked me to write something
about things to do in the summer. Well.if
you rcsidc downstate. or will be visiting.
thcrc‘s nothing better than a good old
fushioncd pcnnant racc. And if tiic past
few years are any indication. this baseball
scasou will probably fcaturc thc grcnt
rivalry bctwccn thc Red Sox and thc
Yankccs - and it you want tocxpcricncc
n liig Applc htippciiing. thisisthc plticc to
be.

Here iirc a few tips: (ict your tickets
curly for thcsc showdowns. lluy a
“lloston Sucks" tcc-shii't (for protcction
against vchcmcnt Yunkcc rootcrs) and
get set for sonic classic baseball gumcs:

like this one:

[975 (Shea Stadium) Yanks eight
giitncs out; Doubleheader win will ptit
tlicin back in thc race. a loss will drop
them otit of it.

('tttfish lltiiitcr ditcls liill |.cc. tinlilnn
cri'or by Ynnkcc shortstop Jim Mason
puslics across lloston‘s first titlly in the
ninth inning.

(iriiig thtlcs lctids off the bottom oi
the inning with it shot up the tillc)’ lli iclt
ccntcr field.

“A surc triple!“ yclls ii Yitnkcc inn,
spilling his bcci'. 'lhc crowd roars its
approval wliilc lollowing the flight ol the
ball. lloston cciitcrlicldcr l"rctl Lynn
rttccs from right ccntcr, toward thc left
center field alloy with long. quick strides.
Lynn‘s cyes are kept on the soaring
sphcroid. and his arm stretches out.
Right beforc tlic bull makes its imprint on
the wall. Lynn makes a licndfirst divc.
While thc ccntcrficldci‘ is in mid-nir, thc
bull finds itself tics'ticd iii Lynn's glovc
and remains thcrc its hc triumphantly
crashes to the ground.

livcn tlic Yitnkcc rum. applaud this
catch. one of thc gi'ctllcst plays of the
year. Lynn wins the MVP. the Red box
win the pcnnniit.

N76 ’l‘ablcs are turned. Yanks are
ahead iind Red Sox have to battle buck.
Yttiikcc Stadium is pttckcd as Red Sox
ltikc silcnblc lend. NL‘w Yoi'kcrs chip

 

 

Summer's Not Complete Without
ﬂ Hot Pennont ﬂoce

away and are losing by two runs with rm,
men on and two outs in the bottom of the
ninth inning. Chris Chnmbliss anthers to
thc plalc. facing a new lci'thnndctl rclicf
pitchcr. .

’l'hc crowd is on its feet. 0n thc first
pitch (‘hnnibliss swings his big but and
connects solidly. Mtijcsticaily. the ball
son rs toward the right field bleachers.

’I he lioston otitl'icldcrs inch back. btit
this is niiothcr year when the ball
finally succumbs to thc carth's
gravitational pull. it docs not sit in Fred
Lynn‘s glovc. it sits in thc pitckcd right
ficld blcnchcrs as pandomoniiiin bt'cnks
otit. Victory Iiiis bccn grabbed lroni
dcfctit and strangers iirc hugging ctich
other in thc grandstnnds. 'l’lic tritll'icjtim
on the Major l)ccgnn lixprcsswuy is a

cla ic one following the game. bitt fcw

 

fans give a damn. I'lic Ynnkccs win it
pennant on n iiotnc ritii in the lnst oi the
ninth by (‘hris (‘liatiibliss.

"l'hc past two years. the classics
continue. More is in stoi'c this sttmmcr.
Yoti can go and sec this team ol
'inillionnirc soap opera actors but they
are thc world champions. a team folks
will be talking about for yciirs to conic.

Drink sortie bccrs cait some peanuts and,

popcorn and crnckcrjiicks and enter into
a world iii which everybody is a ninc-
ycnr-oid kid ngnin thc world of thc
Iloys of Summer, Yott can even bring
your gal ii shc doesn‘t enjoy the gttinc.
shc‘ll stircly cnjoy |.ou l’iniclla or liitcky
|)cnt. And remember. you‘re iiitic years
old once inside the ballpark. and
everyone knows that ninc ycnr olds
shouldn‘t gct jealous.

 

 

'Stoff Predictions

On Summer Events

.a dcriingcd dog. claiming to have
hcntd voiccs from it lat postal woikcr
tct't'ori/cs ti scrics of bydc-tiwcc homes in
thc New York City iircii. The press latch
on to this case, calling thc crn/cd cainnc
“Pop of Snin."

. . , Hob lemon will quit as manager
of tlic faltering NY. Yankees. to bc
rcplncctl by Yogi llcrra. who. ltficl'
lcnion rctut'lis triumphantly iit llll ()ld
'I‘inicr‘s |)ny giimc, agrees to own the
Yankees. muking liilly Miti'tiii nittnagci'
in i‘)iii),nnd lici‘i'ti gcncral lililllllgcl‘. with
(icorgc Sicinbrciincr playing right field.

bcciiitsc of the gas prices, tiic
cntirc freshman class at SUNYA will be
composed of Cohocs hiin school
wrestlers.

. , . Watct'vlict is besieged by lootcrs

following a blackout on it swcltcring
night. bitt nobody will care.

. . . llilly ('nrlcr will be lililltHfllCCtl its
the fifth vice president of SllNYA.

Due to incrctising popiilnr
dctnniid, SA is forced to move its officcs
from the first floor of thc ctinipus ccntc.
to a canoe on Dippikill lakc.

. . the Pope will livu.

Johnny Carson will leave the
'l'onight Show and he will run for (l)
l’opc. (2) Spiritual lctidcrot tiic l’|.(),(3)
hc l'ifth vicc presidency of SUNYA.

. . . 'l‘lic 'i’opc will announce that if
(“arson bciits him out, hc will go for the
fifth vicc presidency of SUNYA.

. . .'l'hc .IiSI’will go on strike, but the
'li/Hm, News and Post will pick tip the
slack. ‘

   
   
   
  
    
   
  
   
   
  
  
     
      
   
   
  
   
     
    
   
 
    
    
  
   
  
  
   
 
 
   
    
  
    
   
    
     
      
       
   

