 

 

 

 

oewmmwteiaxtaa e we n‘ of: o' i via‘ue'a‘e'a a a re a re s a e. a'a:a:e:a;a:1u.u.uu‘artv can '

' rue-11aeani'aaeaavymteeaaaace-tr

 

 

 

 

._ .s......... .m. cm-~_~.»..m . '

QUO .
MOCCASINS FACTORY OUTLET STORE

ND OPENING

 

.
A word about hand sewn moccasins . . .
Since the days of the frontiersman. the ru ed matural beau-
ty of fine leather. band sewn moccasins as had a timeless
appeal. We believe that quality leather demands quality
workmanship. Or to put it another way. we bring to you “the

way of nature. through the ltand of man."

The hand craftsman's responsibility is to roduce footwear
that surpasses the qualit of factory-mate footwear. The
hand craftsman must per orm as it custom footwear maker.
exercising meticulous craftsmanship. stitch. by stitch. hy
stitch.

This is not the easiest way to make footwetir. hitt we feel that
it is the very best. We know that you‘ll enjoy your pair of
Qttodtiy hand sewn moccasins.

FACTORY OUTLET SAVINGS OF

25-34% MEN’S

32-40% WOMEN’S

Men's dc Women‘s '
Deerskm Mocs

The old reliablecano mac. Hand-crafted
from soft. full iiin native northern deer-
ildn. Rawhide gong lacing.

MEN’S

2100

Manf. Sugg Retail 2800

Handsewn Casuals
Slip into a pair of these fine. men's hand sewn casuais. Ru ed. top
grade leathers. A step ahead of other shoes. Each style bags lasted

and hand sewn far trite moccasin construction. Styled for comforta-
ble. casual wear. Each style has it cushion crepe sole that‘s comfor-
table and durable. Genuine rawhide thong lacing. Whole and half
sires Men's (Wt-l3. Womens 5-l0.

MEN’S

$3300

 

 

SAVE
28%

 

 

Boatin Casuals SAVE
All time favorites for boating. campln . vacation. eam- 
pus-wolfktend just plain weekend nallng. Qunddy 0

 

enhances the trite graln of these fine.

 

WOMEN’S

$3150

4600 Mtrnf Stigg Retail 4400

supple leathers. All true moccasin constmctlon. Sun-
i’onted comfort with a durable non-slip sole.

Whale and lialf sizes: Men‘s 6'/i——-I3;
Women‘s 5—10; Boy‘s 1—6.

MEN’S WOMEN’S

2750 2600

(ll
38 Mani .‘s’rtgg Ilctztil 3600

 

 

ﬂ

Handsewn Hikers for Men and Women

What trap in when on combine a genuine hand sewn moccasin With a tmt

year out not suit? r can It‘ll you. but you uon't believe it till you talte a wall
in a pair of these Quodrly lliltcrs You don't have to be planning to harli ark the
Grand Tetons or lliltr Mt. Katahdin. These moci are great anywhere! titt'lI rn‘
joy the line full grained leathers. handcrafted uppers and the gri and surrloo-
trdnets of the world's most respected name in soles. genuine thrani ' These
mots are hand lasted and hand sewn. At home. on the trail. in town or on mine
us —< you'll really en'oy wearinga air. Drown waithide leather. Vibram' sole

en's: Whole & lull. Git—l otnen'c Whole d ltalfsiris 5—10.

2 800

 

SAVE
28%

 

 

 MEN’S WOMEN’S

2675

39”” Mil-"f. Sugg. Retail 3700

 

WOMEN’S

1700

Manf. Sitgg. Retail 2600

 

Men's: Whole It half size- 7—I3.
Women‘s: Whole It half sizes 5—10.

 

Cushioned insole

Men‘s & Women's

l’ylooﬂselliltde “h h
l. "‘9 9 ‘l f?“ ,,°"F.’-‘5l.¢.
mum. durabtii‘ Biiiiii gomﬁwks or this
elegant leather. ft and handsome as
rsIdn. yet twice as thick and ru
Natural moosehlde will give you orig
wear and excellent comfort.

MEN’S

1 600

Manf. 5"“. Retail. 2200

Hand Sewn Walking Casuals

Down a country lane . . . or at the shopping mall . . . handlasted hamlan ca~
still! just made for walkin Genuine moccasin construction for rfrct fit and
day-long comion. Stunt ibram' sole or euihiou crepe Tru> rri sole. Four
eyzlet ue. Strong rawhi e laces. You owe yourself the pleasure 0 walking in
t se Quoddy catuab.

Whole and half size: Men's Gh—IJ: mks—IO.

3575

’_—

SAVE
28%

 

 

MEN’S WOMEN’S

345°

smManf. Sugg. Retail

SAVE
28%

Hand Sewn

 

 

Dress Casuals

Quoddy‘s tip-dated version of the classic penny loafer. Hand
lasted and ltaiid sewn craftinanship. Soft. supple leather Cra-
dlcs your feet. ' slip on and tiff. feels great. looks good.
Durable Vibram"h sole for sure footing. Red wtixlride leather.
Glove tati leather. Honey Vibratn” sole.
Whole and liiﬂﬁilzcs 6‘/i— l3.

 

3725

Maiif. Sugg. Retail 

 

 

 WOMEN’S
"‘5 ..'.'.:;::‘.'n 1425

.s., » ..A».

Men'sltand laced soft sole. Mani. Sugg tit-tail 2100

Whole sizes 7— l].
Women's Whole sizes 5—10.

 

p

. Bring in this coupon
and save an additional
with SUNYA |.D.

Men‘s & Women's

Double Glove
Handcrafted from soft. supple love
leather. Handlaced with genuine raw idc.
Foam-cushioned insole.

MEN’S

1575

Mani. Sugg. Retail 240°

 WOMEN’S

 

lamb‘s wool. Attracdvcly hand laced

day on oors.

Whole sizes 5—l0.— Men‘s Whole sizes 7—l3.

 

 

Men's: Whole li half sizes 7—l3. 
WWW

W Manf. Sugg Retort 2200
J--’

. . . The Most Complete Line of Year ’Round Moccasins and Slippers
Genuine Lambs Wool

MEN’S

1900  28"" 55%?
WOMEN’S 1700  2600 Sat“:

You'll love wearin our soft. light and wonderfully warm slipper. Feet

and ankles are era led in the natural. fluffy cushioned softness of genuine
I . I. Contrasting suede tri is is

Quoddyds warmest .ilippcr booth it's a real treat to slip into after a cold

"I.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

1 0%

  

Coupon expires 11/20/79.

WuhandgﬁMan ‘

 

 

  

“The Best [of Maine ®”

FACTORY OUTLET
145A WOLF ROAD SHOPPERS PARK

Same Park as Barbizon & Service Merchandise

LONIE. NEW YORK
WW Mom-Sat. 10 A.M.-9:30 P.M.-Sun. 12-5

m
VEA
m

Phone--458-2285

 

 

supported hijackers who differeittiatcd bet-
ween Jews and non-Jews while holding
hostages.
.Noi when the spirittial death of 3 million
Jews and countless others' the Soviet Union
continues tortiirotisly.
.Not while the Jewish communities of Arab
countries such as Syria are being
systematically oppressed and destroyed.
.Aiid certainly not while pro-Nazi forces
maintain the power and control they do in
South American countries.
Has the world grown and learned? if
anything. the world has learned more
sophisticated techniques of oppression and
destruction. Consider as further examples the
situations iii trait. itt Cambodia. ttnd arotrttd
the world with regard to black rights.
women's rights. and gay and lesbian rights.
The world is not freer or any cleaner. The
objections to the vigil. specifically the violent
arid angry. retleci that in the comfort of our
comfortable American shelter. we have lost
sight of the lessons of history and of the
Holocaust in particular. We can only repeat
again the words of Simon Wiesenihal.
“Those who forget the criminals. forget the
victims."

-Mark Gervis. President of JSC-Hillel
-Scott chtscr.Chnirperson of World .lcwry
Committee of JSC-llillel

Abortion Antics

To the Editor:

It is quite amusing to read a letter tltttt is
supposedly writtcrt to “clear tip misconcep-
tion" that not only creates iicw myths hm
reinforces the old titres! Such “as the case
with the cpistlc written by Site lirrrkc.

Rather thcn respond to all of the specious
arguments pttt forth by Ms. Burke, i shall
confine myself to addressing the basis of
Right to Life’s philosophy and actions.

Ms. Burke claims that the Human Life
Amendment as proposed by Right to Life
(RTL) attd the Life Aritcndincnt Political Ac»
tion Committee (LAPAC) would permit
abortion iii order to save the life of the
woman. lt scents as if Ms. lirrrkc is not only
confused on this Issue bttt radically disagrees
with RTL's stated position. If tltc Human
Life Atncndtncnt became the law of tire land.
abortion would be outlawed. Simply stated.
the ‘l-lttnian Lifc' amendment. by conferring
legal personage on an embryo. would make
abortion equal to murder. There would be
NO EXCEPTION TO THIS RULE. No
abortion...to save the life of the mother. No
abortioit...evcn if the pregnancy were tltc
result of rape or iticest. No abortiott...cvcn if
the tnotlter is afflicted with high blood
pressure, diabetes or any other serious
medical problem. No almrtion...eveii if the
fetus has serious birth defects or a fatal il-
lness. i
if the 'Human Life Atttciidmcnt‘ became
tltc laiv of the land. the concept of frccdotn
of choice iii reprodttctive matters would be a
vestige of the past. Furthermore, it is clear
that the Human Life Amendment wotild
"protect the life of the unborn" at the ex-
pense of the living.

Another of Ms. Burke’s rather incredulous
statements deals with the tolerance level of
RiLtht to Lifcrs. According to Ms. Burke this
group is composed of compassionate iii—
dividuuls that “do not condemn women and
girls to have abortions." Who tlieti is cont-
rrrittiiig the violence against abortion clinics.
Patients and family planning providers? Who
their is creating an environment based on
fear, intimidation and cocrcion'H-‘AC‘l‘:
Post-abortion patients in NYC and Boston
received phone calls at home. The callers
charged these women with “tinti‘der”. 'l‘ltey
But their phone numbers by taking. down the
women’s license numbers while the patients
were iii the clinics.

FACT: At the Center for Reproductive Sex-
ual Health itt NYC. Right to Lifers broke iii-
10 tile clinic and attempted to chain
themse'ves to the operating table thli.li air
abortion was in progress. .
l“CT: At Parkmed itr NYC. Right to Liters
have pickcted the clinic and blocked entrance
‘into the clinic.

 

FACT: At the Syracuse Planned Parenthood
Clinic. busloads of “pro-lifcrs" arrive each
Friday from Rome. N.Y. 't‘hcy picketh the
facility. sprinkle lton water oit patients and
verbally harass patients and staff.

FACT: In Western N.Y.. doctors who per-
fortri abortions are subjected to intimidation.
They and their I'ziittilies receive threatening
phone calls at their homes.

lil January l‘)7ti ti group calling theitisclves
People Expressing A Concern for Everyone
(PEACE) arid other tutti—choice activists coit-
ductcd a reign of terror that resulted iit
physical violence. vandalism and verbal
harassmet iit Omaha. Nebraska. Anchorage.
Alaska. l"airftt\. Virginia. New York. New
York. and Minneapolis. Minnesota.

The climate engendered by RT] and their
supporters is far from tolerant and trott-
judgemental. Rather. these are the actions of
a people whose concern for "life" is built
conditional and inconsistent.

Perhaps Ms. liurke should examine the
nature and scope of her U\\'ll groups before
site qticsiiotrs the inotiiatiotr of others.

-Kt‘istittit Miccio

In Defense of J.F.K.

To the Editor:

In the Friday. October 26 issue of the ASP
there was an article entitled. (,‘nurugc Will the
20m (‘t'ltlttri' Alt/Ii. I must object to the false
and twisted facts concerning the life and ad-
ministration trf the bite. former President of
the United States. John 1‘. Kennedy.

How the author can possibly say that
l‘.l).R. was a “coirrtigeoirs figittc" and not
state the satire for Kennedy. is purely con—
tradictory. Though the article did state that
he was a World War II hero and the author
of tire hook I’rti/i/t's' in Courage. this is all it
says. positively. about one of our greatest
presidents. Though it praised how I".l).R.
“outplayed” polio. it does itot include the
fact that J.F.K. had a severe back probletn.
which was aggravated by his World War II
exploits. This forced liitti to wear a back
brace for most of his adult life.

Saying that Kennedy “ciiginecrctl” a few
dubious operations as well. including tltc litry
of Pigs debacle and \"ict Nani. is it false state-
tncrit. 'l‘hc litry of Pigs was not engineered by
Kennedy. btrt by the liiscttlrowci iltlilllliisll'ilr
tiori. 'l‘hortglt it was a dismal failure. he did
not blame the tiny of Pigs disaster on the
previous administration but took tltc full
bltriit of the blame. it truly courageous act Ill
itself. This is once again not trictttioned iii the

' article.

As for Vict Nam. if Kennedy ltad lived and
was elected iit 1964. lllL‘i‘C is positivc cyitfcnce.
supplied by historians and people close to his
administration. that he would have pulled
ortt of Vict Nam iii the early part of NM.
This would have been done because at this
time. there was still considerable support for
the war ttitd if Kennedy pulled out sooner. it
would have hurt his chances considerably iii
the I964 election.

Finally. saying “his handling of the missile
crisis should not be mistaken for anything
but a rockhetided display of macho which
brought the world to the brink of destruc-
tion“ is a very silly way to dcscribc what
transpired as a show of “macho”. What
Kennedy did was both a courageous arid
most crucial act. Not only did he prove to
Russia and the world that we would not stand
for such violations so close to home. but he
also secured the Western l‘lcmispltcre's posi-
tion on possible future nuclear attacks.
Anything less than it strong stand during the
missile ct 'is would have trierer delayed a
more severe head-tin confrontation with
Russia anti Cuba.

In truth what the article says about l“.l).R.
can just as adequately be applied to John
Kctrrtcdy. lie was it llliili that stood. tall Ill
failure bill be still "adhered to his principles
and his sense of direction; his entltusirtsnrcar—
t'ied an entire tuition" through one of tire
most difficult times of its owti history. (Hill
the history of the world. John Kennedy was a
man that exemplified “Courage anti tltc 20th
Century Man."

 

 

~licrnard Sullivan

l

APATHY 7 DANES 0

if the worst insult is to be ignored. then the Albany State football team takes in-
sults extremely well. While the SUNYA student body remains indifferent and
uninterested in them. the Great Danes football team continues on its usual path —
winning while being shunned.

The Danes are the best team that nobody sees. Year after year, Albany’s football
team has a winning record. and this season is no exception — the Danes were
undefeated until last week, and currently are 6-1. Yet. year after year, students stay
away from games in droves. and this year, the student body has not strayed from
tradition. They have turned their collective backs on the Danes in record numbers.

One week ago the Duties faced Ithaca College in a contest to determine which
team would go to the NCAA playoffs. Realizing the importance of the game to their
team. the Ithaca students responded with their usual fervor — 4500 fans from a
school with 4300 enrollment. And if there wasn't another football game down the
road at Cornell. tltc total could have been doubled. There was an air of excitement
on lthaca‘s campus. and even the most uninformed knew that his college football
team was playing a big game that dzry.

The contrast between ithtica and Albany is striking in its immenscncss. When the
Danes have a home game. there is no fervor. few fans. and even less interest. Apathy
reigns. Of cottrsc. tlterc are common excuses and explanations. Some say Albany’s
team cannot be compared to those great college football teams shown on television;
that the Danes are merely a small-time. Division III football team. Others point to

as reason for their disinterest.

These excuses sound plausible. biit actually cart be tltrown aside as garbage. How
cottld any SUNYA official justify upgrading the football facility when their is no
valid reason to do so? improvement comes with demand. and at this poittt. the 2000
or so people who wander out to catch the game on a Saturday do trot constitute a de-
mand. And concerning the Division III nonsense. anyone who witnessed the
Albany-Norwich game two weeks ago would be forced to admit that it rivaled arty
football game in terms of intensity titltl excitement.

The real problem is attitutdc. not woodcit bleachers or small—college status.
Thousands of SUNYA students regularly ttttcndcd their high school football games.
regardless of tlic lousy facilities itllti small-time image. They went because it was
Iltcir school and to some degree. they had l'cclitrg for their school.

It is fashionable at. SUNYA to repress :tiiy emotion about SUNYA. Students iden-
tify with gradc-point-averages. quad parties. and bong sessions. To show. heaven
forbid. “school spirit" is childish. even coiitemptiblc. Get me a degree. get me ston-
cd. bitt please, don’t get the attached.

Tomorrow the Danes play Pordhttm on Albany‘s University Field. and the usual
select few will be there to cheer the Danes on. as the library draws the really big
crowds. Once again. the Duties will put on ti good show in front of empty stands.
And the team that nobody sees or cares about will. for another week. create within
themselves the excitement that is so vividly absent. And tltc students will never know
viral tltcy‘rc missing.

the facility — the rows of benches on the steps of the physical education building —

 

 

 

Jay B. Gissen. I'rhtur iil (.‘lirv/

Ronald Levy. ﬂlchord Behar. Munriipruj I-fiitirirs
. Michele lstucl

News Edltor ‘ . . ~ ‘
Assoclrale Newa Editors l.nrtr.r l‘ltllt'itllllt). ‘iplvin Saunders
Aspects Editor .‘ittiort Malrnngu

Martin Vukovich
. l’attlScliwartl
Mike Dunne
Charles Btencr

Associate ASPects Editor
Sports Edltor

Associate Sports Editor
Editorial Pages Editor

Staffwriters: (’lriiilt's Hull. l‘.rt ltrritrli-v. limit ilt‘ilrlllttlff. Maureen George. lid Goodman. Larry.
Kuhn. Susan Mlillﬂtill. Kntliv i’t‘lliil liriluutn liosr'iilmuirr. rll'.” Sclradiill. Beth Scxcr. Aron Smith.
Di‘ilillt' Smith Around Campus: Htisrur Millirjrrir Zodiac and Preview: Dorothy Borone

Dabble Kopf. [insincss Manager

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Steve Goldsteln
. . . . . . . , . . . . . . Lisa Applebaum

. . . Bennie Brown

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . Amy Soursv

Advertisan Manager
Bllllng Accountant
Assistant Accountant
Composition Manager

  

Sales: Rittttivu liner. Kntlw Rosco. Rich Schrmigoi. Rich Seligson Clue-med Manager: Robin
Bloch Composition: l’rtrii (iliiet'ltert. Rohiii Goldberg. Mike McDonald Adverﬂllng Produc-
tion Mnuger: .‘iur- llrittsttiritt Advertlolng Production: Charles Bell. Helene Drucker. Tammi
(it-trim. l‘r‘trtrv (irr'i-ristvirr. .lor/ l’relt'r. Annette Stone Office Coordlnntor: Eyelyn Ellls Office
Staff: ltiibiiiii llltrr ix. Diane (itlllllldlff. Joy Lustgtnten. Audrey Mollit. Bonnie Stevens

Jordon Metzger. Rob Gmbmun. Production Managers
Eric Koll. Graham Silllmnn. Associate Production Managers

. . . . . . . . . . . . . Vincent Alcllo
. Dave Benjamin
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . llunk's Clilck

Production Assistant . . . . . . . .
Vertical Camera

Tvplst Extraordinaire

 

Paste-tap: i.t'~iri lioiujtornn. Minn Italiano Typllln: Rosemary Ferraro. Robin Goldberg. Mindy
(Bordon. Dobbin Lurwli. iii-iii |.|llilt'|. (‘hrts liaggto Proofreaders: Rachel Cohen. .loy Friedman.

Stru |.lrlitenstr-itt. Ronald Surluii
Photography. srtppltt'ti principally by University Phulo Sertiice t

Eotahllaihcd 1916
Thu Alhtinti Student Press is pttbltshmi utich 'I'trr’stiay and l’ridrty during the school your by the
/\I'>rmtr Student Press Corporation. itii independent. lltli‘IfH-[Wfllfl organization. Editorial policy is
tlt'lt'tlilirlt'il by the Iftliiorin-(flitul trial is subject in fL‘i'lBtlf by the Editorial Iiourd. Mailing Address
Aliiriny Student Press. (St) . . ). Milt) Washington Amt. Albany. NY 12222
ihlr‘i‘) i’l57~t‘?8‘)2

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

A

i .

     

 

 

