 

' a...” ...r. s...

 

 

r 4.4,}. 

Inﬁll

CINCINNATI (AP) Panicked fans
stampeded their way into a rock
concert by “The Who" on Monday
night. and Fire Chief Burt
Lugananni said at least it people
were killed in the crush.

At least eight persons suffered
serious injuries. ofﬁcials said, and
many others sustained minor in-
juries. The injured were taken to
ﬁve hOspitais.

Tay Schwertman. a 49-year-old
usher. said the crowd surged
through a door into the 17.000-seat
Riverfront Coliseum just before the
gates were to open at 7 pm.

"First. they threw a bottle
through a window in the door.

. Then they pushed through the hole.
making it bigger. Three or four of
us tried to hold them back. but it
was no use.

Protection Denied

continued front page one
lran.

“i hope to get the community to
agree with the need for enforcement
of the First Amendment for my
group and all groups who protest in
the future." said Taber.

The committee is composed of
YSA members. SUNYA students
and professors.

CIADent'es Role

continued from page three

concerning
within

quested inforrttation
CIA involvement
Stony Brook.

Apparently. Razlcr received in-
formation similar to that sent to
Binghamton‘ however, Litchford is
still attempting to have those files
sent to SUNYA.

Litchford said. “The CIA was
confused about requests submitted

by SUNY branches." The CIA ap-
parently denied SUNYA's request
sent last December 6.

“The CIA wrote that they had
already sent the information on
behalf of the University to Clifford
Clark and David Razler in 1977 and
1978 respectively."

Litchford sent another letter to
the ClA last April. calling attention
to the agency‘s confusion. arid res
quested information pertaining

solely to SUNYA.

He added that four or five of the
28 documents sent to Binghatnton
were partially censored. while two
of the documents referred to SUNY
Buffalo.

Brodsky. in reviewing CAFE's
progress. has suggested the council
file requests to the Freedom of In-
formation Act with local and
regional intelligence agencies in ad-
dition to national agencies.

in regards to guidelines. Brodsky
said. “if enough campuses develop
guidelines and pass them. we will
have a substantial clout to pressure
the Senate Cotnmittce (on Special

intelligence Agencies). to pass an
act or to propose one that would
enforce the guidelines."

However. he added that CIA
Director Stanford Turner announc-
cd last sutnmer that he would not
recognize any of the guidelines
established by academic com-
munities.

____________.____...
Mischievous gels of Alden~
Looks like we all were involve
in "interior decorating'l
over ThanksgivingHope you
project gave similar pleasure.
I" 1 0V —' '

SKI WEEK - CANADA!
Meeting ~— Wed. 9pm. LC 37
4—?

'FAGE srx ~

“We couldn’t hold them
back...they carried in one boy and
laid him on a table and he died.
Others were lying out on the
plaza,” said Schwertman.

“I've never seen anything like
it," Lugananni said. “i can't even
tell you what killed them."

Officials listed the dead —— most
of them said to be of high school or
college age — as seven males and
four females. Their identities were
not released Monday night.

Dr. Alex Trott. emergency room
supervisor at Cincinnati General
Hospital. said the victims suffered
multiple bruises. and “there was
some evidence of footprint-like in-
juries."

The concert. which was sold out.
went on as scheduled after the vic-
tims were taken away. Many con-
certgoers were apparently unaware
of the deaths and injuries, and they
were not mentioned from the stage.

Coneertgocr Michael Jordan. 17,
said: “i was in the middle. it was

k

F Arlene

Artist
tats

5mm Albany.NY12205 (Swim-8881

Chin'ééé‘i/tstr repartition  ..  3.

crazy. You had to fight to save your

life."

I A paramedic. who asked not to
be identified. said: “We itave all
sorts of life saving devices. We have
drugs. We have highly trained peo-
ple. and none of it did a bit of good.
They just died. We couldn’t save a
one of them.’I

Jeff Chaney. an Army veteran
and a student at Miami Ohio
University, said he did mouth-to-
mouth resuscitation and tried to
save three of the victims. failing
“because people just didn't seem to
care."

Cincinnati Public Safety director
Richard Castellini said the victims
were apparently trampled or suf-
focated. He said the rush on the
door occurred because some seats
for the concert were reserved while
others were available on a first-
come. ﬁrst-served basis. He said he
would seek an ordinance to require
that only reserved seats be sold to
such concerts in the future.

’3 I-o ’

 

 

yep—v  “Ls-en:
r. '1‘;
ﬁt 1 ‘-

531113

SK“ 573

 

' l'1869 Madison Ave

Albany, N.Y.
482-9701

 

DAN AYKRﬂYll'llill BiAilY‘lﬂHN BillJSHl-lliRRA .
lllll MAlHiSle-lflSHlRll Mlllllli' WARRE WE GARY M”

iii in ft him litxirtni [I A Slit/[N Sl’lELBlRli lllll ’ I

 

 

eon/inued front page one ,
delegations agreed to work jointly
on a science-oriented research pro-
ject.

"The Chinese, in the past. have
been culturally oriented.”
Shumaker said. “The Chinese
delegation felt a need for develop-
ment in various areas of science. He
added the delegation seemed par-
ticularly interested in SUNYA's
research labs and Computer Center.

According to Shumaker. the
delegates were itttrigued with the re-
cent sit-in held outside the Universi-
ty Bookstore.

“They saw the incident as an ex-
ample of spontaneity on American

We dani need no rdumtl
Inn-r at “41 nlaltr/ Ilrj‘ In

'i:l
college campuses." said Sltumaker ‘
“They liked the idea thal students
could protest Something [he
thought was wrong." y
‘ According to ()‘l.cary, the
delegates were served lunch on
Dutch Quad. "1 think it may have
been their first contact with but do.
and hamburgers." he added. L

O'Leary said the University was
“very receptive" to the delegation,
“We all enjoyed meeting them. the
students in the cafeteria even gm
the delegation a routtd of up.
plause."

“The delegation's visit it as a high
point for campUS llllclleclttitl and
cultural life," Shumaker sitltl.

mt/ We don 't nerd nu IImtlgItI ronImI/Na dart tarcatm In the rlannmm' Irut It".
rim Leave us Akin alone/All In III you were [Int annthrr Int‘rt in Iflr null

 

F
@

OPTIMIZATION

UNIVERSITY OF PITTSBURGH
GRADUATE SCHOOL OF BUSINESS

=APrrrMnA

Our accelerated 11-month MBA
program is smart management:
optimization of time. future income.
and management education.
PITTSBURGH DOES MEAN
BUSINESS.

Mail for catalog and application.

 

 

Numa

 

Address

 

 

 

Mail to: Graduate School of Business. Admissions
University of Pittsburgh
MOI Cathedral of learning

Pittsburgh. PA 15206

UNIVlRS't l’lfIlURl ii and COLUMBIA lllllllliih l’tttni‘

w .» 4......

1:1 - Music ll‘lJllllllllfllllfiM‘ii - lintretlrlill

-.vt-..., "'

l "y‘ """' t . ltlvllatnll

 

RRAY HAMlllliil'llHlllSlﬂPHlll iii
if ﬂAlES'RllBiRl SlAEK' lRflll VillllllMS

Illlllllllll-lllllllillilill-illlllliillilillll-lllllllllffl'Sllll 4 1 |
fjfyupkllltlli][Wimpy“1086M and mm” PlCKlllS WilllllllﬂSllliiill‘llllllllllllllllll innittiiliritnnthWilllltlt lilliltltililtfill-SunttphytrtitiiiliiiNIH.r 

ti lit-ilillil?llili‘lliiiililllllil‘mjjJ.WWW][NILHWNSPIHBIW 

COMING FOR CHRISTMAS

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

.r .1 .wct no revisit?

3‘ - 331.. .45». -.,..,.-....,.  .

_.__u

DECICMIllaR 4. I)

 

 

Agrosmtth’s'swatrssti‘g. err "

om: or The Ills

is it the end of Aerosmith or the beginning
of a new phase? Aerosmlth has had a suc-
cessful and triumphant career. Six of their
seven albums have gone gold and their
seventh is expected to be another hit. The
band started very humbly in 1970 playing
small 35 dollar a nl ht clubs in Massachusetts.

Douglas Matranga

 

Now. at the pinnacle of their musical flight.
Aerosmlth released their last and perhaps final
album called Night in The Ruls. it seems that
lead guitarist and songwriter Joe Perry left the
group after the completion of the album to
seek a solo career. However. lleel that it is lit-
ting that Perry should end his stay with
Aerosmith with this album.

nght In The Ruls is truly the finest work in
Aeroamlth's career. The Perry-Tyler
songwriting combination is phenomenal on
this album. The two collaborated on five of the
nine cuts. and all are high energy. fast mov-
ing. raw rock and roll — typical Tyler-Perry
songs. The other four songs on the album are
broken down to a solo effort by Stephen Tyler.
and the rest are from an assortment of artists.
"Mia." T ler's composition, is a slow moving

.- . - '

With Phoenix Dun Fogelberg returns
to heavy handed orchestration
redeemed by hll emotive and pus-
Ilonate sIngIng.

Parisian Passage

'I'he Sleeper

it's a shame more people won't see French
Postcards. But in the wake of the big
Christmas releases coming out this month. it's
apt to get lost in the crowd. For some reason.
Paramount isn't hypan this little filtn. and
most on le won't even hear of it.

Jim Dixon

Despite its suggestive title. French Postcards
is not a dirty movie. it's about a group of
American college students spending their
junior year in France. As is often the case.
their expectations are either let down or ex-
ceeded. but nothing comes out as planned.

The script came from Gloria Katz and
William Huyuclt. best known for their work on
American Graffiti. Kat; produced French
Postcards and Huyuck directed The cast is
largely comprised of new faces. complimented
by French stars Jean Rochelort and Marie-
France Pisicr. The crew. as well as the Cast. is
lull of people even llltn buffs haven't heard of.

If French Postcards has a flaw. it's that the
script tries to develop too many characters.
There‘s a standalrl love interest between Miles
Chopin, ns’ Joel. a WUétk'WlllL’tl American stu»
dent. and Valerie Qucnnessen. a French girl.
e's David Marshall Grillll as Alex. a
WOtlltlsliL‘ musician who has lirnest
Hemingway-type ambitions of "finding
himself" in France, frills in love with the wife of
the head of the institute (l’ister) iitltl so on. Of
special note is the very good performance
turned in by Blanche Baker. best known for
f it victim of the Nazis in

 

'I'hen ther

her portrayal u
Holocaust. {15 the V
highest hopes for her your in l'litilCL’.
is the most disappointed.

DECEMBER 4, 197‘)

AlllL’l‘ltTiiti student with the
tutti who

but very intense and very dramatic ballad.
Tyler really expresses his emotion for the song
with his voice. He used two other guitarists.
Nell Thompson and Richard Supa. to bring
out the sensitivity of the tone. Vocaily. the
song uses cries and moans from a chorus to
enhance the lonely. morbid lyrics. The ending
is particular effective with Tyler playing one
note over and over again on the piano. "Mia"
is a very impressive work by Stephen Tyler.

“No Surprise" is the probable choice for the
single. This Perry-Tyler song is very catchy.
upbeat. and has Tyler's typical earthy lyrics. it
shows all the signs of becoming a hit single.
“Cheese Cake" and “Bone to Bone (Coney
island White Fish Boy)" are also fast and ex-
citing ~ good additions to the album. On
"Chiquita" Aerosmlth uses a horn section. not
unusual for them. and they make use oi the
brassy sound to its full potential. it is one of
their fittest cuts.

Aerosmith has never been political. at least
lyrically. but in the song "Three-Mlle Smile"
the band shows another side. Many groups
have started taking political positions. such as
Styx with their new song "Eddie." which
warns Teddy Kennedy not to run for President
because someone might try to kill him. All
over the country "No Nultc" concerts take
place with tut assortment of superstars par—

Foqelberq ’s Fancy Flight

ht, midi-team

' a .

r

tlclpatlng. Aerosmith has taken a definite antl-
nuclear stand with this song. The lyrics are
cynical and strong; “You got the point from I
Uncle Sam‘s loaded gun —- Who had a hand
to light the fuse." Aerosmlth accuses the
government for being at fault for Three-Mlle
island and for not really trying to prevent
another possible meltdown from taking place.

With the departure of Perry. Aerosmlth
auditioned two guitarists as replacements.
Michael Shenker from U.F.O. and Urlch Roth
from the Scorpions both tried out but neither
were accepted. Reportedly a new guitarist has
been recruited from a band called Flame. but
as yet this is unconfirmed. in any case,
Aerosmith will soon start a tour of America
with a new lead guitarist. Joe Perry's shoes are
going to be hard to fill. but l'm sure Aerosmlth
is going to be as energetic and as powerful as
in the past.

Joe Perry. meanwhile. is starting a whole
new band and a whole new career. His first
solo album is called The Perry Project. l have
not heard this album yet. it has not been
realeascd. but based on previous experience
l'm sure it will be an interesting album and
worth the wait. Perry shows some of his vocal
skills on "Think About It" off Night in The
Ruls.

Aerosmith has been one of the top bands in

. it . r . .

Joe Perry quit the band after Night In
The Rule, Aeroornlth'l Infant, and
perhnpo beet LP.

the world for seven years. They have ac-
complished many goals and climbed great
heights. No matter what you might think.
Perry was a large part of Aerosmlth. and he
will be missed tremendously. On the road. as
far as stage presence goes. he may not be
missed because Tyler is such a dominating
personality and has such an overwhelming
presence that the group won't seem to be lack-
ing. However. in the studio. Perry's absence
will be sorer felt. Technically Aerosmith lives
on. but in my eyes Night In The Ruts is a great
conclusion to a great story.

Like A Phoenix Rising

Phoenix. the latest album for Dan
Fogelberg. seems to represent an attempt to
return to the musical format be abandoned for
his last effort. the collaboration with Tim
Weisberg. Twin Sorts of Different Mothers was

Jeff Hall

—___._._————
a brilliantly executed set of jazz flavored ln-
strumentals. with Fogelberg singing on only
three tunes. and the overall impression was
that he was finally going to move in a direction
radically different from that of his four
proceeding albums. if one had to make a
prediction. his newest release would tone

The film is funny and touching. and very
easy to get lost in. The direction and the per-
formances combine in a very special way to
capture innocence. sometimes in most unex-
pected places. Ms. Pisier. for example. plays a
woman who seems to be exceptionally wordy.
yet frotn titne to time shows a decidedly
vulnerable streak. making her more likable
than our instincts and first impressions tell us
she should be.

This is an entertaining movie. and should
have a wide appeal. both the college crowd
and real people. Unfortunately._its total lack of

advertising and misleading title. may keep a lot
of people at home. This is as confusing as it is
frustrating. Last spring. a little effort on the
part of Warner Brothers took a little film like A
Little Romance and made it into a hit. Clever
marketing by Twentieth Century Fox made a
hit out of Breaking Away. which played for
three months.

They could do it with French Postcards. A
nice run of trailers in the theaters. a couple of
TV ads and a good radio blitz could do it. But
Paramount is showing no signs of doing this.
and when Star Trek opens. when The Black
Hole opens. when 1941 opens, French

down the strings and layer-cake overdubs to
make room for a coherent melody. as
Fogelberg's music often suffers from a massive
over-doing of things; tasty guitar solos are
sometimes obscured by a wall of strings and
bombasl from a small army of more guitars.
while at other points there's so much going on
at once that the whole song seems to be on the
verge of crashing through the floor from it‘s
own weight

This sort of Ben Hur approach to produc-
tion combined with a voice that could melt
butter gives his albums their distinct. rich
sound which is ultimately too engrossing to be
considered pretentious. He's Just trying to get
all the feeling he can onto vinyl. even thoth

'I'hat Roars

Postcards will be pushed right out of the
theaters and won't be heard from again until it
hits HBO for one month and then it'll die. I'll
miss it. ‘

You could do something about this. You
could go out and see it and then tell the
manager how much you liked it. Then tell
your friends to go and do the sonic thing. if ‘
enough of you do it. you could turn this into a
sleeper hit. Be warned. if films like this flop.
the studios will think all you want to see are
super-big-budget movies. and the next time
Gloria Katz and William Huyuck try to make a
nice little film like this. they'll have a much
harder time doing it.

French Postcards is one of the better things
We seen this year. and I think that most peo-
ple who see it will agree with me.

The movie with the enticing ad that says
“Redford . . . Fonda . . . Electric . . ." is The
Electric Horseman in which Redford plays an
aging rodeo star who's sold out to Madison
Avenue. and wlto tries to save a very expenr
sive horse from the same fate. Coming for
1980 is Brubaker. in which Redford plays a
relorm~minded prison warden. Currently. the
millionaire Superstar is directing his first movie.
Ordinary People. in New York. Mary Tyler
Moore stars in the film. Redford will not ap»
pear ltt it. it's been an unusually busy year for
Redford. who hasn't worked since his role in
A Bridge Too For.

And finally. United Artists has announced
that this summer they‘ll be. releasing The Final
Countdown. in which an atomic. aircraft car»
rier disappears in the Pacific. December 7,

1980. and reappears off of Pearl Harbor.
December 7. 1941. This one sounds weird.
Martin (Apocalypse Now) Sheen and Kirk
Douglas star. 0

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

he's proven in concert that he can be just as
moving with only a guitar for support. Thus i
can‘t help wishing he'd release an album of
acoustic numbers. and give Sid Sharp and the
folks in the orchestra pit in break.

The best songs on Phoenix are the only two
on which Fogelberg doesn't bring in the elec-
tric guitars. "Longer" does include strings. but
they're mixed down relatively low in com-
parison to the other pieces. The lyrics come
perilously close to John Denver-Susan Polls
Schutz sap, but the song's saved from falling
lnto that dreary hole by a beautiful arrange-
ment and Fogelberg's sincere delivery. The or-
chestra is nowhere to be lound on the closing
number. “Along The Road." and as a result
the song is cleaner and more direct in its ad-
dress to the listener. almost confidential. This
is Fogelberg at his most appealing. and he
gracefully completes the circle begun on Side
One with the short instrumental “Tullamore
Dew."

One of the problems with Fogelberg is that
it's getting harder to tell which of his songs are
actually written from experience and which

V come off the top of his head. in earlier songs

like "Stars" and “Dancing Shoes" it was easy
to believe he had a personal stake sunk into
each of them. that they were written with one
particular person in mind. But one's well of
experience is hardly bottomless. and even if
Fogelberg isn‘t yet scraping the bottom of his.
he seems to be getting close. “The Last To
Know" and “Wishing On The Moon" are both
rather ambiguous and end with nothing
resolved; at worst they sound like he's merer
beating around the bush with a stick of cliches.

And that brings us to the fundamental
weakness of this album: for the most part. it
Just doesn't have the depth which made
Fogelberg's other albums truly memorable.
The sound is there. and if you don't look too
closely the thin spots in the lyrics won't show
up. but it would appear that he's trying to get
back into the groove he left after
"Netherlands" and is having some difficulty
finding it.

But then a weak album by Dan Fogelberg's
standards Would be a tour de force for many
other musicians recording today, so the
faithful really have no cause for shedding a
tear over Phoenix. Like so many artists who
have consistently produced excellent material.
he is in the unenviablc position of constantly
trying to go himself one better. a position
which if anything is a stymie to creativity.
Under the circumstances. he's done awfully
well.

One more thing; Tom Scott's lyrlcon solo in
“Heart Hotels" is almost as silly as hearing
Ethel Mormon sing her disco version of “When
The Saints .Go Marching in". Almost.

PAGE SEVEN

r-n

‘ ‘ﬁwﬂ—w 'ymr

‘;4...._n.. .. ..

 

