 

 

Aspects
The Battle 0/ the Shrinks. in recent years.

American psychiatry has been condemning
Soviet psychiatry because of its blatant

course. there's a solid piece of logic that the
Russians use to justify what they do: anybody
who thinks he can speak his mind in Russia
must becrazy.

if you're a psychiatrist in the east or the
west, 1 don't see how you beat that kind of
logic. Not that it is wrong or false. lt'sjust that.
if you buy psychiatric principles, you have to
accept the fact that Soviet dissidents are
definitely doing something self-destructive
when they speak up. And Russians who

have definitely lost Contact with reality. It
follows like night and day. '

What is wrong with Soviet psychiatry is
what is wrong with all psychiatry. The Soviets
have only made the flaw painfully obvious.
The fact is that our doctors of the mind are
mainly involved in the business of keeping
people on the straight and narrow. The myth
of mental “illness’ is a convenient way to label
socially undesirable hehavror. and it also
takes away from the responsibility that none
of us want to accept when we are told we are
acting or talking "strange." We can try to
rationalize our strangeness. biit that only
makes us sicker in the eyes of the doctors

 

“Welcome to the 20th century!”
-Sally Brown to Linus upon his
query:

“I thought little girls believer'

everything they were told. "

It was a PM. Johnny V. was walking down
to the South End. His heels tapped against the
pavement with a rhythmic cadence and his
eyes were lowered to the ground it was full.
btit still quite comfortable. The leaves had
changed color. but had not yet dared to plum-
met to the ground. As he walked. Johnny V
didn't notice the cavalcade of bars arid grills
that. like-liappines surrounded and eluded
littri at the same time. Some jazz sltottld've
been piped in as soundtrack. The Bird.
maybe. or something more traditional. The
old soothing jazz~upliftirig. yet depressing.
soulful arid lusty-would've syncopated well
with the neon champagne glasses that blinked
tti 4-4 time.

Jolitiny V. tried to envision the South End
iii its heyday. Well~to~do ladies. like his
mother. hearing lace and parasols strolled arm
in arm mindless of the New Deal and the
whole alphabet soup that would. in a matter of
years. evict them frotri their blissful itisou«
ctaiice leaving the hangers-on to live aside
poor. black inimtgratits from the Southland.

e ﬁfe Amerigain

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

Even for’this
headache...

'is Bayer Aspirin.

participation in Soviet political oppression. Of ‘

expect to escape punishment for dissenting,

opponents.

,_m| New

; ‘ ych'atri:

Steve Cza'kowski

‘ Peeves

The progressive knows the kinds of tricks
that social institutions cuti play. He knows
that a society where everyone is normal is a
SOClGlyJID’llS way to the grave. Stagnation
and well adjusted people go hand in band.‘

From that point ofview. it's psychiatry that
is sick. if is just another wall against the
coming of a new world and a better day. The
drugs it administers, the consultations and
lobotomies 1 these are all administered in
the authoritarian. paternalistic spirit of the
shaman. the priest and the coniniisar. The
immediate benefits can't save the
fundamental wrongness of turning an ethical
judgment into a medical one. The Russians
only compound the error by heirig brazen
enough to use psychiatry against political

Ween" hemm-

Jolinny V. glanced at a McDonald's and
thought of his real last name - Van Burglier.
Quite a family. Quite a heritage. Johnny's
father, the industrialist and art collector non-
poreif, had always tirade liitii feel immortal.
The South End gave. Johnny a sense oi the
finite. it was getting cooler, Johnny walked in»
to one of the okl Irish saloons that still
displayed the American flag and portraits of
the Pope and President Kennedy. A brawtiy
man with dark eyes and charcoal black hair
poitited Johnny to the men's room. Standing
at the urinal, Johnny became, all of the raid
den. very conscious of the fact that the man
next to him was not urinating. Johnny even
said sotiietliiiig to pitt him at ease. lirtt the man
qttickly zipped up his pants arid flushed the
tiritial anyway. He left without washing his
hands.

Johnny decided to stay at the saloon. it was
dark now. He sat at the bar and ordered a
beer, thinking about his name; his nickname.
rather Johnny V.. the heir apparent. Johnny
ordered beer after beer. vaguely aware of the
television set that reigned from above.

How do you spell relief? - R‘E-L-l-E-F - Be
sure. to watch the National Guard Hour or
“I've Grown Accustotned to your Mace"
Shop at Price Chopper ‘ What Price Chop-
per? - Youth 'n Asia: Mercy killings for little
ortentals - Stay tiriied for the coronation of

A Word

Blasted out of Farrali's arms by my
merciless Sony at the ungodly hour of eight
ay em. To the mirror for the picture of
decadence before i walk the long mile to the
bathroom to pee. it is another day...

i can handle the acids dancing around my
stomach and the construction team at work
on my cranium. i can also deal with the fresh
crop of zits on the mirror and the asbestos
that my blow dryer spews at tne.

But it is the decisions that get tome at this
early hour.

It goes like this: i feel my headache. the
pounding and the buzzing. However. i can't
decide whether it’s a tension headache orjtrst
some leftover neuralgia from last night. if it‘s
the latter. do i take the aspirin whose tireless
A's rush to my brain within fifteen minutes. or
the one with the pain reliever that doctors
recommend most? '

Fuckit. l'll brush first.

Whoa -—~ will i be close-up this morning on
the bus? Better use the gel. Then i see the
frowns on the faces of the President's
Council on Dental Therapeutics. remember
the weeks of torturous drilling that even the
nitrous couldn't deadeii. Aha  i could
supplement some flourlde with a hit of
mouthwash. Brit do I want to be germvfree
smelling like a medicine. chest or exhale roses

if the situation in Russia is going to stop.
arid if we are going to prevent it from
happening again anywhere else. psychiatrists
are going to have to admit to the world that
they are part of the problem. They are going
to have toadmit that tnost of the “illness” they
are treating has nothing to do with medicine.
but instead is the result of inequitable
allocations of wealth and opportunity. or
outright oppression.

These psychiatrists, these mental
physicians. should first of all be healing
themselves.

The World. The Flesh ("id The Center/old.
it's not hard to see why women's groups react
so strongly when a girlie magazine
photographer comes around. Women are
more than just collections of quivering body

b Q’Brtan

Sally IV - Tlie Marx and Engels Show: Can
'two German social tlieor‘ds share a flat in
London without driving the World crazy?

Whatever happened to Donna Rae and the
Lasers? thought Johnny.

Alirtiptly. the bartender turned down the
volume and the ominous shrill of a siren
penetrated Johnny's brain.
liveryiine herded out of the saloon with the
usual titiiliivalent feelings. Underneath revolv-
ing red lights and blue uniiot'tits with shiny
silver badges lay an old man. Dead. Just a
druitk. Johnny looked down at the corpse. He
was kind of distinguished in a weathered sort
of way, He'd been hit by a taxi as he tried to
cross the street. His meager belongings were
sprawled around like a wreath. Drowned ill
the relentless sea of yellow. Someone asked if
the old man had had any last words. Probably
“Oh shit." thought Johnny
“l ley. Johnny!" someone called. Johnny
turned around and sqttitited. Two familiar
faces approached.

“Eli. what are you doing here?"

"We're here frorii the city. We were gonna
catch the 10:15 home when we heard the
sirens." I

Johnny recognized Plo's clierubtc fut‘e.
years ago she had dragged him to Women's
Liberation meetings iii an attempt to enlighten
litni. He used to wear her Feminist Alliance

itiehriated

From Our

while running the risk of flu?

Fuckit. l'll shower first.

Utiitiitii...tlie steamy blasts front my
Waterpik are relaxing. as l reach down to the
soap dish. Suddenly there is more tieurt
shall i get dowti to basics oropt for the social
protection of a good deodorant soap?
Perhaps the effervescent shit to get the old
blood flowing through these tired vessels.
Maybe it's lather that 1 st :' tly crave...

 

 

Fuckit. l'll shampoo first.

Humm...will l fight the greasies this
‘mortiing. or make split ends a priority? Atii l
lit_iip or am i thick? Fortunater i am able to
conclusively decide on the product that fights
both greasies arid split ends; my first decision
of the morning gives me ati added lift and a
sense of fulfillment. But then. to condition or
not to condition?

By this time. the mental anguish has
manifested itself iii a profouan stomach
distress frotii which i decide to seek
immediate relief. into the medicine cabinet i
go. Optionsi Shall l coal my system with the
warm pink gook that reminds me of morn.
drop the wonder tablets that gobble tip 47
times their weight in excess acids or spend a
 humming the theme to “plopplop fizz‘

   

parts. and we all should be reminded of that
from time to time.

But that should not make any of us blind in
the importance of the human body til if...
history of our art. The distinction between .rri
and pornography that some people make i~. .r
silly one. They are riot amine”...
Pornography can be very good art. and vi. ,.
versa.

That idea struck borne recently i was in ..
large, staid gallery, chock full ofwlirte lllrlllili'
statues that were carved in Classical tin..-c
There. is very little art that can match those
sculptures. There is a true vision of perft'i llt lit
and clean grace in them. and you‘d iiird ll hunt
to get anyone to deny their aesthetrr power

What i noticed was that the vast tlittttu ityof
those statues were either representations of
boys or outrageously muscular men. l'irr-n t
remembered how the Greeks were i|lt[t[||
boys and outrageously muscular men. ‘I hark
when it struck me . . . this "fine" art, this
collection of some of the greatest express“ an
of the western world's aesthetic vision. wa~
probably designed to get some ancient (it't't'ld,
hot and bothered. it was probably liiglii lriHH.
ionic porno; tastefully packaged and
marketed by some ancient Alllt‘ltlrtit
counterpart of Hugh Hefner.

Whether the bunny costumes are any kind
of improvement. after 2000 years. i just i .rn‘i

say. -

    

'l‘~shtrt because It was a great way to get lair'

Eb cotitititied. “So what are you tip to
man?"

Johnny seemed pressed for an answer i it
looked down again at the old man. He (unlit
feel the acid fretting upon the shores of lil-
stomat‘li. He thought of iits parents.

“if you're a good boy.H they used to sat.
“we'll go to Parts this summer. We'll live in;
Moxiiit's and walk down the Champs
d'Elysees."

it wasn't right. This wasn't part of llII’
scenario. Johnny looked at the old man
again. He had no teeth and dark blue \ti'nrr.
his lifeless face No

were prominent on
background triule bad accompanied his
death.

“I'm going with you". said Johnny V . the
heir apparent. "i must go about my father‘s
business." ""

Steve Oster

Sponsor

The questions are insidious. | t‘rtil ltrllt'll,
read the labels anymore. (Next time 1'“ go for
the soft white bulbs, or maybe get the thin-
way.)

i have to escape front the liatlitooir. it“
back to my room and collect myself. I'll i‘altu
down. get dressed. sclipritz on a ltllli‘
deodorant A LITT l3 l)l{()l)t)|\‘/\Nl"'
Oh Lord. am i concerned priiiiarilv \VIlll
wetness or odor? What about staining Iii‘.‘
utidersliti s. erliaps l'll use the stuff tli.rt"~
otin required once every twrr (lay). IlIi'II
again. that gtty is alone iti bed...

 

 

 

And what about the precious ozone layer '
Shall l roll on, rub on, or pump oir‘

Finally I ant frozen oii the floor potrdi'IIIiti
the limits of spraystalt‘. (rt-gin nnw .ttttl
sanity. From somewhere down lltt' ti.i|| i ran
bear Derwood Kirby pnnlifii .ririiri about
laundry. l drag myself tip .Illtl 'ri'ait'lt ruy
vacant mirror reflectith nnrnnsrrously
wondering whether riry priirplw. ivrll nun tttltl‘
more quickly to scrubs or (‘It'.|lttfi

My one t'k-cisioti of the morning t‘
there is no hope for myself or lot lrittiraiiitv
against the onslaught of .rrlwiiisrrrii. 1 will go
back to bed. Perhaps l wrll mow to Peking
but, sliottld l opt for night tttrit lt rate-a wrtli
instant check-in... "'-

. that

 

##

Page 4A

 

Page 5A

 

........_

 

Feature

 

' Aspects '

 

images of the Pope on a soggy afternoon in
Yankee Stadium: startled children's faces.
some behind wrinkled skin and fogged up
‘ glasses, gaze in bewilderment at the white
Popemobile carrying Pope John Patti ll.
Emerging sounds are coming frorii deep well:
within the chasm of the. arena: a rushing tide
filling the Temple of Ruth. devouring itself in
its own exuberance, as this fabulous-glorious.
enorriious-sensational, Roman-Poliin priest
appears. A thin boy with ctirly carrot colored
hair. wearing a “Pope for President" button
says in humble tones "i never seen a Pope
before."

 

Stuart Matranga

 

You know a hero when you see one.
They've got that "presence" wliicb
commands attention. When Pope John Paul
ll talks. people listen. Very few. a handful.
have that aura of glory around therii. in the
true hero's glory other psetido‘heroes pale.
The celebrities. any of the TV. clones. who
are kept iii a box on Hollywood Squares are
poor imitations. A celebrity is anyone fariious.
A hero is a guide. a leader. an inspiration. A
hero is the epitome of human-kind. one of the
elite. who, by the grace of their spirits. rise
above the rest of us. and beckon us to follow
them. to aspire towards thetn.

We have different conception of heroes. To
the crippled little boy in Tlref.otr Gehrig Story
when Lou hit otrt two whopping homers for
him  like he promised that was the
most heroic act imaginable. To a budding
biology major Watson and Crick might seem
like the Dynamic Duo of DNA.

The Lou Gehrig Story defines l.oir as the
perfect hero. He rose from poverty by
determination. He had a "vision" of his place
iii the world. Had he been a knight during tlitI
middle ages lit’ would have been ciiitsutried
by .t sense ofquest . a longing tot‘lialleiige evil.
arid the pursuit of a stronger course. l on (lid'
that. lit 'l‘wt'tttitzth Century terms. airtl iii the
journey from oblivion to praisewtirthiness be
developed and retained an unbreakable
ttioral code. i iv was known as tlte“li‘oti Mari"
not just becuase he never tirissi'ti a game, lint
because it was riiorally impossible for him to
allow himself to miss a game. or violate any
other rtile in his personal code. When he (lied
tragically. he. became a tiiartyr and
preserved forever his heroic identity.

That movie was a hit in the fifties. an age of
heroes t pilots .itid Ali(llt' Murphy stoiiiting
Korea; lilvis Presley gyratiiig this way to
saititliooil; ' eiiliowei'. everyboily's favorite
general; ’llt‘l(t'\,t Mantle at the plate; Marilyn
Monroe running her way to saintlrootl; Roy
Rogers o'i 'l‘ttggi'i‘. Tali Hunter and Rock
' lirilson chiseled clefts and blue hair. The
fifties mass produced heroes frequently and
fervently like they write tailwinged Clievys.
Airiei'tt'a. after knocking tiff the trips. and the
kratrts. and the gooks. was flexing ltt’l'
patriotic tiitist‘les. liverybody including
Mickey Mouse was a tlietl iii the wool.
genuine. guaranteed not to rust. fade away. or

5.

 

 

 

 

 

 

.______._.———-—

   

fai't ltt public llerti. Except lltt' piriko
t'tilltltillltlSl faggot trigger jews. And under all
that glitter and glas . and Ultt'lt' Millie iiu lltt'

under it. like air undetected tumor just getting
llltlttt‘l and uglier attd (li'adlier'. the and hero,
vlllt' line rider. the wild one on the road.
lllllt't teil popular culture .itid sticki'dawaythe
.‘rltlttt'. What was left was the lilack little of
.llerotlom. The anti hero.

‘ liturl William litirrottglis. Alati Ginsberg.
.rttd .lai'k Kerouac lighting itp iii the shadows
of t‘lrrr~.tophr-i Street. Kierkagaarrl. riiau.
lirt'ttil. titan. littiiliaurl and lllt' “nlltl”. They
took the anti hero. who for them was
l']tlltitttl.’i‘il Ill Nt'll (Kissidy. lover and driver
extrodrnarie. utter-t wise. and hip. They ptrt
ltlttttiltilti‘tiI.iil.‘rlttrtillttllttltttttrtltyllllltfi.tttt(l
llll' whole 1 r lxllttt “.ltrtlftlll society t'tlllltl go to
lit'll. (ind tllt'll. Itllt over by the \Ultt't'lti of
Marion liranito‘u llarlr'y in fire Wild ()nr's.
lioll‘:. /\|ltl1'l‘. Illt‘.lt litirq nadir iiianor‘liisnt on
V .t \t‘lulr’ li'tittt/ liriit'e sucked
.tltr‘utlrttlrttitltttt'trt'rilltlt‘lll

Village Vanguard. A

lltt‘ win roar
rriai liesttpwitlipot
the men's. room Ill thr-
heavy trip. And lllt’

 

 

M-“

sin-en. wow. aim we swell pyrotechnics.-

"l tittlt .rt lriin frown. lie‘ 

natomy

tnust be deep” boys. Brando. Montgomery
Clift. and James Dean mumbled a lot. The
Method. man. But the method was that there
was no method. it all h d been establishedin

_ literature and stuff like hat man was zero, as

irisignigicant as a piece of sli-t. A server rat. A
fat zero. nothing. Remember Stephen Crane:
"A man said to the Utiiverse/ ‘Sir. l exist.'/
‘Howeverf replied the Utiiverse./ "The fact
has not created in me a sense of obligation.m

"Well. i‘ck you." the man Would say on the
corner of Fearand trembling. The anti heroes
of the fifties were anti because they had no
“vision” nothing to fight for or against. no
higher authority. no reason to live or die. no
quest, nothing worth caring about. nothing to
lose or gain. Nada. Nada. Nada.

Arid Papa Hemingway blew his brains ottt
iii 1%]. the year Kennedy was inaugurated
President. and triari decided he'd like to go to
the moon.

/\ funny thing happened on the way to the
moon. We. sortie of its. realized that mayer
the tiiooti was a little trio far to go. By
conquering the moon we (lid the impossible.
we accomplished an age old goal yet what
would it profit a man to gain the riiooii anti
loose his sottl in the bargain? Did we make a
l-‘atrstian deal. trading our innocent ignorance
for ultiiriate knowledge? landing on the
moon was. irt fact, a giant leap for mankind.
for riiore than anything it finally asserted

  

" - t

technology over nature and sealed our fate as
total masters of this little world. it was
technology. not Neil Armstrong. that set foot
iii the Sea of Tranquility. and it is technology.
tttit a more human. who is the hero of the age.
Yet we. as mere humans. can not give to .i
tttitt'ltiitt' the attributes of .i hero. though we
are forced to acknowledge that the mass
t‘ttllt't‘th'. beautifully cortrirtutiisttc. military

iridustt ial scii'titifii’ t’ttiittlllttlllV. With as much
personality as an lliM Computer is
responsible for the greatest .rt‘liit'vi'iiii-nt iii
the history of titan "since he crawled out of
lllt' slime" (to quoti- \Vi-rtri't Von lliair'i. ex

riazi made good by helping the ll 5
technicians perfect the Space Program).

ll leavr-s .r sour taste to think that our
greatest lit'tt) is made of copper plated tht'
and biceps a lot. it is also bitter fltlll to llt‘iti
whenever we realise that television has
replaced lllt' poet as. lllt’ Eiittttt'l of praises for
heroes. Gone are ileowolft' and Arthur,
Hercules and Arlull - Aeneas anti
()dyrtseytis. tione .tl't' lltl‘ll poet-t. too All we
have left are ttlt‘ll itr fist bowls playing golf on
a lifeless wasteland with l loivard Ctmt'll atitl
Walter Cronkite doing the play by play.

“to the ins

 

    

f'w generations have

ironically. the last best hope of man's soul
over man's technology, The antishero has
therefore. in effect. become the hero. He has
a code which is a none code. never violated.
He has a purpose and a morality which is
usually ambiguous if at all defined. He is
usually cynical. sarcastic. fatalistic,
existentially non-commited. and pretty
vacant. He is everything human that is
strange and therefore incomprehensible to
the technicians. who forma‘lly were human
but who have since registered their numbers
with Computer Center. The anti-hero
becomes a hero in such books as A
Clockwork Orougewliere the roost senseless
forms of violence and sex are exaggerated to
sub-consciencer assert the litrmaiiity.
however tgged, of the chief protagonist,
everybodys favorite droog. Alex. But
nowhere is technology as abused and
maligned. as ridiculed and abased as in Rock
and Roll.

We've grown to love the Rock stars for
their rebeltousiiess. The more they screw the
system the more we idolize them. Mick
Jagger. Pete 'l'ownsliend. Elvis Costello are
living gods to their fans who feed off their
outrageoustiess, transferring their
.frustrations over being pawns iii an inhuman
system to their heroes who defy the system
brazenly.

     

 

When Elvis Presley died a few years ago,
fat. and pill and boer bloated, it riiai'ked his
rebirth as the penultimate cult liei'o.
’i‘liorisands flocked to (iracelatid iii Memphis
gi-rittflecting to this man. who they saw as a
tragic burn. a victim of his own greatness.
like Valentino before litrri. the myth of lilvis
Presley initirortalizi-d the titan.
Missing from the thrill
tort'hbeaii-t‘s at l".lvrss tttttt'ral wore the
itiiatirirus Sixties people. l'ilvis ber'amt- too
much .r ridiculous pawn of niateriaiisni tri
triarirtaiii tlierr sympathies Heroes of the
sixties were extensions of the anti heroes Hi
the filllt'a. Most people thought them
qttifi'sitttt', .ttid they were. Keri Kesi-y on the
hits. to America. taking riiiivti's .ilotrg tlieway.
rllltl It‘l propelled by acid was a hero. Ki'sr'v's
.ti‘t‘tillt]iltbulilllt'lilh wore not triati-r'trtl. or
\’tttlt'tit‘t‘, or even clear of
purpose and intent. lliri were
teat trons against .tii oppressed society and
litti appeal came from his pranks his
triri'otitr‘ol. his and llttlliltil

seekers and

wrought out rrl
ai‘troiis

(listittli'l'. his
behavior.
l’oct riiusii'ians. intellectual i'oiicr-pt (.tirti
concept) perltlli-rs like Jim Morrison. Johii
l.eritiotr. arid lliib Dylan became cult figures.

"AI-Ion

increasingly embraced the anti-hero as. Theywere perceivedthrougha“glassonion"

which distorted them. They were recreated in
their own image. 50 Robert Zimmerman got
lost in the crowd of Wizards. Troubadors.
Prophets. Trapeze Artists. Magicians and the
rest of the labels pinned on him. The trouble
with heroes is that they become so strongly
stereotypical and are perceived only through
that image. To a soldier or a baseball player
that may not be as destructive as it is for the
artist who must constantly change and who
depends on his audience. his friends. and
biniself for response and critical analysis. if he
or she is surrounded by worshipping
soothsayers how can the person beneath the
image ever live up to what others think and
what he accepts after a while. The Cracker
Factory is filled with rock messialis.

Movie star-heroes also deal with zealous
worshippers, it's even more acute to actors
because it] the context of a dramatic action
they 'really do become heroes. .

“Where do you go?" says the young, pretty
and naive waitress in a Middle American
diner. _

“Go? Oh man. we just go. Go. go. go."
answers Brando and every teenager in the
fifties nods their heads.

There are no scriptwriters. or directors.
Movies are reality. You see it happetiing and
yoti can feel it iti your seat.

The image of Humphrey Bogart was more
of a hero iii the sixties and seventies than in
the forties because. like him, that generation
got disgusted with the hypocrisy and

 

 

nastiness oi the prevailing ideology in
America. But Bogie had a code and be stuck
to it. James Dean never got the chance to find
otie. He died a martyr for the iiiarticulate
youth who knew something was wrong. but
not what.

On the other hand sortie movie stars are
throwbacks to art older era. the. age of hero as
kriight-protector‘defender, No one had better
claim to this than John Waytie. who was a
perfect l1t)tiittifi~ltt.‘t0 hero. in just about
every picture Wayne upheld the principles
which Artierica is supposed to be formed
from; Courage. integrity. Pride. Discipline.
Veracity. Honesty, Justice. The
disillusionment of the rebels and rockers
didn't phase liiiii. Wayne was never a lotier.
He always stayed clearly .i part of the
majority, unlike the other heroes of the 20th
century. To most Atitt‘t'll‘rttiﬁ Wayne was the
shining example of idealized man.

The hero status of both movie and rock
stars are to a degree imposed on them by
their fans. Just as the fictionalized accountsof
King Arthur. l‘lercules. Achilles. Odysseus.
Robin Hood. .rrid other legends became
heroes throuin the poetry about them. Mari
seems to tlt't'tl lit-toes. perhaps to mold
liitiiself on an ideal. or as a symbol to prove
that lititriaii beings are capable of great
acliievetiietits. l‘le tit-eds them to persotiify
the glorious ideals of society. like George
Washington. Or to catalyze revolt .rnd attract
others to the revolutionary cause through
force of personality. as Che Guevara did.

Personality or charisma can make heroes
out of gangsters. A little charm goes a lotig
way and can sorrietimes be an excuse for
iirlititriaiiity and cruelty, Bonnie and Clyde.
Joliti Dillinger and other thieves and
triurclerers preyed on struggling striall banks
during the Depression. but were
l't)tttdltflL‘th.‘(l. To sortie hunters who invested
in those banks the loss didn't mean as much
as the thrill of seeing the banks. who were
blamed for the Crash. get screwed. Charles
“l .iicky" l.itidbergli was hailed as the hero of
the century for his 'l‘r'atis-Atlaiitic flight of

. . llts lii'io status protected liitii when it
was revealed that he was an aliti-seliiite and .i

 

tta.'i thtt]i-tlltl.’.t't‘.

We love our heroes arid are willing to go far
to torgivr- their faults. We don't crucify John
Kennedy because he probably committed
.rdrtltiy. We still see him as the Great
Arirerit art l’r estrleiit mostly because he was a
charmer.

Arid l'operloliii Paul ll.wavitig toaliuntlr't-il
thousand adoring fans at Yankee Stadium is
ttl5t| a hero. Perhaps. as the anti-hero fade.»
into the mist the hero. the manor woman (tori

 

 

rare) who becoriies the ideal will arise agam‘.I

 

 

 

 

 

 

t
g

 

 

 

