' - - w- m.
Mmﬁ‘wmmwmx

 

m any

 

 

iwiéltld CApsuléSl'
Iranians Halt SUNYAB natty

BUFFALO, N.Y. (AP) - Iranian students at the State
University at Buffalo cancelled a demonstration they had
planned for Monday because of what they said was concern
over safety. The students instead issued a statement suppor-
ting the seizure of 60 American hostages at the U.S. Ein-
bassy in Teheran. Iran. The Iranian students here said that
since the Iranian revolt the embassy has been “a shelter of
the U.S. government’s'covert and anti-revolutionary ac-
tivities." They also said Iranians want the former shah
returned to Iran so they can “try this criminal for the sake
of the satisfaction of human conscience and decency." Ira-
nian students who seized the Embassy are demanding that .
the U.S. return to lran the former Iranian shah, who is now
in exile and recovering from surgery in a New York City
hospital.

PLO Fails To Help Hostages

(AP) A Palestinian delegation malty regarded as the best
hope for winning freedom for the U.S. Embassy hostages
in Tehran gave up its efforts today and left the Iranian
capital. a Palestine Liberation Organization official an-
nounced in Kuwait. Word of the PLO's apparent failure to
end the 9-day-old impasse came as Ayatollah Ruhollah
Khomeini's regime and the Moslem militants holding the .
embassy and 9B hostages reaffirmed their determination to
face down the United States in the tense confrontation.
Tehran Radio said the Iranian people. heeding the call of
the student militants, began a ﬁve-day hunger strike today
to press the Iranian demand for the extradition of the
deposted Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi from the United
States. The official radio. monitored in London, also
reported that Khomeini's Revolutionary Council had met
and discussed the possibility of U.S. military intervention
or economic reprisals to end the embassy standoff. In
another move. Iran's new foreign affairs chief . Abolhassan
Bani Sadr. summoned all foreign ambassadors in Tehran
for a meeting today and urged that their governments
pressure the Carter administration to extradite the shah, an
Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman said. PLO sources

(Anound C

The Directory Is Here

 

\

 

AMpUS'

 

Fear not SUNYA students. the l979-80 Student Direc-
tory is on the loading dock and will be distributed to ad-
ministrators, faculty, and students on Wednesday. The
Campus Center Info Desk will also have a supply.

Due to a national paper shortage. there was a two week
delay in printing the directory. The book, howeverﬁwas
brought to the printer within a week of its original deadline:

Students Hear Housing Gripes

If the big bad administrator won't listen to your gripes
then maybe a fellow student will. The Campus Facilities

 

Advisory Committee. a newly fornted offshoot of the
University Community Council (UCC). will deal with stu—
dent complaints when SUNYA's Plant Department can't or
.vvon't.

According to UCC Chair Dave Gross, the Cotnmittce
was formed in response to past dissatisfaction with the
Plattt's efforts. “In the past, the Plant Department was
unreceptive. It was the only place where people could go to
complain," said Gross. Students and faculty members can
now use the Committee as a liaison between them and the
Plant Department.

“We want to make it easier for students and faculty to
air complaints and get through to the Plant.” said Gross.
“This year, Dennis Stevens (Plant Director). has done a
good job. We want to work with and through him."

past. He cited complaints regarding buses and their
schedules.

While the group is just beginning. Gross said one plan is
to meet with Inter-Quad Council executives and discuss
what each quad needs. in addition to improving quad con-

 

' dltions.
y

reported over the weekend that the three-man delegation

'sent by PLO leader Yasser Arafat was engaged in intense
talks at the Foreign Ministry with Iranian ofﬁctals and
representatives of the students. But Salah Khalaf, N032
man in Arafat's Fatah guerrilla group. told reporters in
Kuwait today that the delegation had left for Damascus.
Syria.

President Stops Iranian Oil

WASHINGTON (AP) President Carter has decided to stop
buying Iranian oil in a response to the seizure of about 60
American hostages at the U.S. Embassy in Tehran. ABC
News reported today. The network's .White House cor-
respondent. Sam Donaldson, said the announcement was
expected this afternoon. It all oil now supplied by Iran IS
cut off, the loss might amount to 7 percent to 8 percent of
U.S. imports. That amounts to about 3.5 percent to 4 pcr~
cent of the total U.S. oil consumption. The Energy Depart-
ment estimates the total impons of Iranian oil at 700.000
barrels a day and another 200,000 to 300,000 barrels of
heavy fuel oil reﬁned in the Bahamas. Virgin Islands. and
elsewhere. Earlier today. Carter met with key Cabinet
members and other top advisors. but his spokesman said
the meeting was not “prompted by any new developments
in Iran." White House press secretary Jody Powell disclos-
ed the meeting, the second in two days, as the stand-off bet-
ween the United States and Iranian authorities over some
60 American hostages moved into its secottd week. Powell
told reporters that Carter met with members ofhis Cabinet
for about an hour, beginning at 8:30 a.m. EST. Then,
members of the Special Coordinating Committee on Iran
moved to the White House situation room for another one-
hour meeting, without the president.

220,000 Evacuated In Ontario

MISSISSAUGA, Ontario (AP) About 220.000 persons
were urged to flee their homes in the biggest pcacetitue
evacuation in Canadian history as eight burning, derailed
tank cars of propane gas spread smoke and fumes over a
wide area and threatened to explode a carload of liquid
chlorine. The 90 tons of chlorine were leaking slowly and
vaporizing, but authorities said the leak was so slow there
was no immediate danger. However. the car was upside
down only a few feet from some of the burning cars. and
officials feared the fire w auld explode it. unloosina a cloud
of poisonous gas. No deaths or injuries were. reported in
city 10 miles west of Toronto, but police, firemen, and
evacuees complained of nausea, headaches and watery eyes
from the fumes which spread more than six miles. There
were no reports of damage to nearby buildings. The
evacuation began early Sunday. It was expanded dttring the
day as the fumes and smoke were carried by the wind. Late
Sunday night 3.000 residents of Oakvillc. l0 miles to the
south. were urged to evacuate.

Boy Killed In Anti-Iranian Protest

DENVER (AP) While the governor urged Colorado
residents to “stay calm." District Attorney Dale Toolcy
said it could be Wednesday before he decides what charges,
if any. to file against an Iranian held in the shooting death
of a 15-year—old high school boy. Two other youths, who
police said were looking for “some Iranians to hassle."
were wounded in the shooting Sunday. which followed
several days ofdemonstration in Denver and Boulder ofth
seizure of American hostages at the US. Embassy in
Tehran. Afshin Shariati, 2i. a student at Loretto Heights
College. was being held in the cityjail. Toolcy said Shariati
would be advised of his rights at a hearing today. “We're

 

‘ DareliuetNoveRtbeir 1’2". 1 979

     

Sunday after Paul Moritzky was found dead near Shariati's
third-ﬂoor apartment, where a window had been smashed
Steve Roane, l7. and Michael Lopez, 16. both of Denver
also were struck by gunfirc.police said. Lopez was Wound:
ed in the arm and hospitalized, while Roanc was treated to,
a leg wound and released. Governor Richard Lamm called
a news conference at halftime during the Denver-New
England professional football game to urge Colorado
residents to “not react with lawlessness" to the Shootings,

Arabs Protest Mayor’s Arrest

JERUSALEM (AP) Arab merchants closed their shops and
schoolchildren stayed out of class in the occupied wen
Bank today to protest the arrest of Nablus Mayor llttsum
Shakka following comments by him expressing understan-
ding for Palestinian terrorist attacks. In Cairo. tilc ligyp.
tian government strongly condemned the arrest as well its
an Israeli decision to build new settlements in the West
Bank. A foreign ministry statement said the nctiom could
have only adverse results. A spokesmen for tltc lsracli
government said youths in Ramallah. north of .lcrtlslllclil.
stoned an Israeli vehicle. breaking its windshield. But no
one was injured in the incident, the spokesman said. All the
stores in Ramallah and Nablus were closed. the spokcsmttn
said. and students at Bir Zeit University ncttr Rillllitlillil
demonstrated against Shakka‘s arrest. After the lllit)‘tlr'\
arrest Sunday morning. his lawyer appealed to the Supreme
Court, claiming that a court order issued last wccl. |)lt'\l.'ll~
ting his expulsion should also prevent other actions ttpltittsl
him by Israeli authorities.

Cambodia Hosts Congresswomen

BANGKOK. Thailand (AP) Six U.S. congresswomcu tit-u
to Phnom Penh today to ask the government there to
reverse its refusal to let truck convoys frotn Thailand czury
food and tncdicine for an estimated 2 million Cambodians
facing starvation. The congresswomcn. after spending one
day in the Cambodian capital. hoped to carry their uppczli
to the Vietnamese in Hanoi who ousted Premier Pol l’ot‘s
regime from Phnom Penh last January and installed the
chg Samritt government. The Vietnamese and their (‘zun-
bodian protegcs rejected the truck-convoy proposal. which
was ﬁrst made by a group of U.S. senators who visited
Cambodia and Thailand last month. Officials in Phnom
Penh objected because some of the supplies would go to
areas controlled by Pol Pot’s Khmer Rouge forces. Sonic
relief supplies are being flown into Phnom Penlt, cttrrictl up
the Mekong River to Phnbnt Penh and landed at Kotnpong
Som, Cambodia‘s chief seaport. But Western relief of-
ficials said these avenues are inadequate to meet the llccd.
and sufficient supplies catt be delivered only by the truck

 

 

several other matters," Toolcy said. Shariati was arrested

investigating a possible homicide, a possible burglary zuth

 

Gross added that people “were not listened to” in the .

Parade Slows Bus Traffic

While it didn't rain on the City of Albany’s parade, it
wasn't a very sunny day for some of the students living in
the Wellington Hotel.

As the annqu Veterans“ Day's Parade moved down
Washington Avenue this morning, SUNYA buses headed
downtown faced an hour and a half delay. The green
machines originally followed the Albany Police Depart-
ment Traffic Control, but traffic was too dense. Drivers
then took Clinton Avenue to the hotel. but according to
one Motor Pool administrator, it "was almost impossible"
to get through.

“We knew it would be ha ‘
some people sun-cred." rd to get to the Wellington.

Buses were back on schedule later in the afternoon

convoys.

Moneymatic- Not Til Dec.

 

r' -
.llv

. tut “Jujqu r, Mum.
“’ "‘I New“.

H ""h'aum 1'

Well gang. keep hanging on to your cttshcut'ds lit-cunn-
the Moncytnatic Machine is holding out until December

According to Western Avenue’s Mnrinc Midland lluni
Manager Chris Douglas. the machine is still awaiting til"
proval from tltc State Banking Commission.

University Auxiliary Services (UAS) (icttcrul Munittlt'l If-
Norbert Zahm said the request to operate it Moncyllm'”
Machine was submitted to the Commission in June. "UAS
has been arguing with them since June," he added.

Once in operation, the machine will be available to
students seven days a week, between 7 am and it P1" in “‘c
campus center. Zahm has tentatively set tltcsc hours "to I”
sure that we're done witlt business before the cumin” “‘“M
is closed.”

 

 

. ......._-r.._. .

 

 

N YPIRG' Coordinator Arrested

 

Faces Harassment Charges

by Michele Israel

Charged with the harassment ofa
SUC New Paltz student. a paid
organizer for the' New York Public
_Interest Research Group, lnc.,
(NYPIRG) will face trial Friday in
the New Paltz Town Court;

New Paltz Resident Advisor
Gregory Fischer has accused
NYPIRG Senior Regional Project
Coordinator Michael Klein of
physical harassment, claiming Klein
attempted to fight with him after a
Student Assembly meeting on De:
tober 31.

"The charge is patently absurd."
said Klein. “NYPIRG never uses
fists rather than months. I don't
think Fischer is intelligent enough
or articulate enough to represent
himself."

According to Fischer, hc anti two
other students left the tnecting.

when "two chin supporters" intcr-
ruptcd their conversation. attd an
argument cnsucd. According to The
student

Lynn

Oracle (New Paltz's
newspaper) News Editor

 

 

Sarro, Fischer apparently made
derogatory remarks about Klein.

Fischer said Klein "came out two
minutes later." and began to slap
him on the back in a "buddy" type
manner. "But he was doing it hard,
and making statements like he was
my friend. I said ‘This is no place
for a debate. let's handle this
another time.’ and he came back
again." Fischer explained.

Fischer had Klein arrested the
following day. Sarro said Klein
spoke to the judge, who released
hint “on his own recognisancc" of
his actions. However. a hearing is
set for Friday.

Class Councils Vote To

by Arott Smith

SUNYA's four undergraduate
class councils have voted to increase
class dttcs by one dollar per
semester, according to Class of '80
President Dave Weintraub.

The tnovc was undertaken in an

“I

  

 

magﬂl

 

Class dues increase. Cause: inflation, rising costs.
Insurance company, 5-Quadftmding cu!

Klein said there wasn't an inci-
dent, stating “Fischer is not new to
this. He's a surreptitious organizer.
He used to be an Eastern Facility
Correction Officer — that's a polite
way of saying prison guard."

According to Klein. Fischer is a
tnembcr of a conservative group of
people who are dissatisfied with
NYPIRG.

“NYPIRG has been successful in
making enemies. People in tltc Mid-
Hudson New York area have shown
unhappy reviews for our position
on nuclear energy. There has been

consternation because of Truth in _

effort to offset price increases and
inflation. which have reduced both
the quttlity and quantity of senior
wcck events offcrcd by recent
graduating classes. Wcitttrttub cited
increased attendance at such events
as Torch Night and the annual
reception for December grndtttttcs
as a factor further precipitating the
increase.

According to Weintraub, bet-
ween 5.000 and 7.000 students at-
tended last year's Torch Night
ccrentonies. The $l5.000 reception
was planned for only 1,500.

“It's really not going to benefit
us this year.” said Weintraub of the
increase. “The dues have already
been paid. But this year's junior
class will have an extra $4.500 by
senior year. the sophomores will
have 57,500 arid freshmen will have
an additional $l2.000."

Reception. Inflation Grow

The present two dollar class dttcs
were initiated six years ngo. before
the Dccetnbcr graduates reception
become an annual event,

“The reception has grown bigger,
but it's an additional expense to tire

senior class," said Wcintrnuh.

“We'll still have a nice reception. ..

but the kind of menu that we serve
will have to be different."
Weintraub said that the addi-
tional funds will also enable tltc
class to continue to pay the incrcns~

NYPIRG Director Visits SUNYA

 

Calls For Gradual Nuke Phase-Out

by Susan Mllllgan

Nuclear power and alternative
energy sources were the topics wltcn
New York Public Interest Research
Group. Inc. (NYPIRG) Director
Donald Ross ttddrcsscd students itt
SUNYA’S Lecture Center last
night.

“We can look forward to the .

coming years as n reul triumph for
the tutti-nuclear movement." he
said.

Ross advocates a gradual phase—
out of nuclear power as other fortns
of energy the implemented.

“We must look (it the alternatives
and how they Citll hc phttscd itt," he
said. “Right now, we have 72
nuclcnr power plants itt operation.
liach plant is required to keep about
20 percent over its peak period
energy lcvcls in lC\L‘l\'L‘. Ettcll plant
actually llll‘t much tnotc than that in
its rescrvcs. Wc coultl citsin close ()0
1004 of thc plnnts with no change in

NOVEMBER 13, I979

ottr (used) energy supply. We could
phase-out the remaining plants as
we bring in solar energy."

Ross tiotcd that nuclear power
(comprises only fottr percent of our
ltotal energy supply. "Fortunately,"
ilic said. “we are not far down the
nuclear road."

Ross tttct with President Carter
after NYPIRG's New York City
May 6 anti-nuclear rally to discuss a
"politically feasible rand
economically sensible plan" for
safe energy. Carter has taken it pro—
nuclear stand. stating prior to his
meeting with Ross that he “refused
to shttt doer all cxistittg plants.”
Ross hoped to convince Carter of
“ltow rapidly it would be possible
to shut down tltc nuclear plants
without brown-outs or economic
chaos."

Ross claims that unemployment
would ttot be ittcrcttscd its n result of

the gradual shirt-down of the

plants.

“Most of the jobs iii the nuclear
power industry are itt plant con—
struction," he said. “Mitch ol' the
actual runnittg of the plant only
Concerns computers and a relatively
few nurttbcr of highly trained staff
members. There is a greater quanti-
ty of jobs itt energy conservation
ttnd efficiency planning.” he said.
“and these jobs are open to lesser
skilled workers."

After the September 23 rally in
Battery Park City Landfill. Ross
again offered a phase-out plan to
President Carter.

“We can use other fortns of
energy and raise the capabilities of
the existing plants without
cconotttic problems," he said.

Ross cited three basic reasons for

government laxity concerning a
nuclear phnsr-ont: utility corn—
pttnies, energy conglomerates. and

t'tllllfltllt'll mt pttgt'four

 

Testing issues.

“Conservative faculty and ad-
ministrators don't want to see
citizen advocacy. These people are
using McCarthyite tactics to derail a
people’s organization," added
Klein. “There are at least 100 in-
dividuals openly and aggresively
slandering NYPIRG and me."

Fischer said Klein was hired by
NYPIRG on October 22. “I never
heard of Mike Klein. He’s not a stu-
dent; he's not an employee.” He
added that students approached
him. questioning the legality of a
professional organizer in a student-
(un organization.

“I did a lot of research. calling
newspapers and found out about
Mike Klein. He has shown general
disruption for the law and works
frotn outside the system.” Fischer
cited examples such as candle-light

Hike Dues

ed prices of bus rentals and
‘gasolinc. associated with senior
week trips. A portion of the funds
will be added to the $1,500
allocated by SUNYA for a gradua-
tion spcnkct‘. “We hope to attract
someone better known this year.“

said Wcitilruub.
Students Save. Senlor Week Suffers
A change in SUNYA's student
billing procedure has been held par-
tially responsible for the Class of
'80's receipt of less funds than its
t‘tlllffllllt‘tl on page ,ItIHI'

 

' I

vigils outside of private homes and
“packing ccurtroonts and board
meetings so the chair'couldn't func-
ﬁOn.’I .

"In the spirit of Martin Luther
King. I love candle-light vigils.
They're peaceful and I will continue
to have them." said Klein. In addi-
tion, he said if there are open
meetings, he supports them with a
large attendance.

“The problem Isn’t NYPIRG but
Michael Klein. His tactics are
geared toward intimidation and
harassment and innuendo.” said
Fischer. “He's trying to form a
political base here."

He added that Klein has organiz-
ed “The Coalition.” an apparent
“power block" in the New York

late Assembly. “It will be used to
sway voting power."

Klein said there is a “broad con-
spiracy" against NYPIRG. “I
don't know where these guys are
coming front."

Fischer said NYPIRG can no
longer be considered a student-run
organization if a proféssional
orgttni/cr is hired.

Klein said he is a "paid
organizer," claiming it is legal and
not uncommon. citing his involve-
ment with groups such as the
United linrm Mmcntcnt.

NYPIRG Director Donald Ross
said, “The ittcidcnt occurred on a
day when there was nothing else
happening on campus. so it got a lot
of coverage. It is not a huge issue,
and is of little or no concern to
NYPIRG."

Student Autos Vandalized _ _
In (Indian Quad Lot

by Juliette Monlemurro

An FM converter, a tape player
arid 72 tapes were stolen Sunday
from four student-owned cars in In-
dian Quad parking lot.

Tltc thcfts occurred between 3 am
ttud it put. according to SUNYA
police. The perpetrators apparently
smnshcd the side windows of each
of the four cars to stcztl the stereo
equipment and cassettes inside. The
car receiving tltc grcutcst damage
was a ‘73 Buick with u brokctt win-
dow and door. a damaged tape
recorder and $200 worth of tapes
stolcn.

All cars involved were parked in
the northwest and southwest cor-
ttcrs of tltc Indian Quad student lot
near a wooded area, according to
SUNYA police.

Students were notified and

NYPIRG Director Donald Ross

 

brought to their cars approximately
ll pm Sunday. “I should have left
the door unlocked." said one stu-
dent upon discovering his broken
window.

"We try to patrol each of the
parking lots after dark, but we are
always short of men," said SUNYA
Police Officer .loltti Henighun.

He said that. while car theft and
vandalism on campus is not “a
serious problctn. it has occurred
before." Anotltet recent incident
involved three cars with broken
mirrors. llowcvcr. chighan noted
that “having so many cars involved
is unusual."

llcnighun said SUNYA police are
currently investigating a
“suspicious looking car which was
parked at the Indian lot the night
before the Sunday incident."

Phil-I0: Sud Taylor

Ill‘ comp trt'tl SUNYA aItti—Itttkerx will! lllt' l’ielnum Era activists“

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

' PAGE THREE

I!

, -.._._..._____-.____._...___. A

 

