 

 

t

..-. .-—-.A-.-..t~--........,,«

I . o

I Iranian Troubles Continue

TEHRAN, Inn (AP) Prime Minister Shahpour Bakhtiar

rejected Ayatullah Ruhollah Khomeini’s latest demand that
' he resign and called off a peaeemaking trip to Paris after 30
persons were reported killed and more than 300 were
wounded in ’l'chrap's worst violence in months. Bakhtiar told
a new conference Khomeini's assertion that he must resign
before the 78-year-old religious leader would receive him was
unacceptable. But “doors will stay open." he said. indicating
that contacts would continue between his representatives and
the ayatullah‘s. The prime minister said Saturday he would ‘
fly to Paris to try to make peace with the holy man who from
exile led the year-long civil rebellion that forced Shah
Mohammad Rcza Pahlavi to leave the country two weeks
ago. In Paris. one Khomeini aide said the ayatullah would
receive Bakhtiar. while another said he would itave to resign
first. Later. Khomeini told reporters: “If Bakhtiar is on the
side of the angels. let him resign and come and see me as a frcc
man. like everybody else." The 78-year-oldpriest. whose title
of ayatullah is equivalent to that of bishop or archbishop.
agaiit attacked Bakhtiar as a “puppet and agent ofthe shah."
iittd repeated his claim that Bakhtiar‘s government is “illegal”
because it was appointed by the “illegal” shah.

Chinese Leader Visits US

WASHINGTON (AP) President Carter welcomed Vice
l’t'ctiiicr lcttg lisiuo-ping to the White House yesterday with
the promise til “it comtnonjourncy" as they began talks on
bolstering the new relationship betwecn the United States
.ttid China. “On behalf of the people of my country. |
welcome you. Mr. Vice Premier." Carter said under \vitidy.
dttriitg the ceremony oti lite White House
which was twice disrupted by tinti-‘I‘eng
" | oday we take another step iii the historic
IItll‘lIlIllI/ililttll of relations. We share in the hope which
spiiitgs from reconciliation and the anticipation of a
common Journey." the president said. The ceremonies were
disrupted twice. first by a wotttnn protester who began
screaming at i citg. “ I cng IIsiao-ping. you are a murderer or

otctcast skies
South Lawn.
dcinonstt'utot's.

 

 
  

.i ll aitoi I" Site was dragged away by police. Moments ltttcr. a

 

world news   ‘

man standing among the reporters. 15 feet in front of the
president and I'cngr shouted “Traitori""‘Down With Tenlg
llsiao-ping!" and “You cannot make this a garden party

lhree security agents arrested him and pulled him away from

the press stand.

Nixon Returns for a Visit

WASHINGTON (AP) No rufﬂes. No flourishes. Not even a
dielirtrd supporter greeted Richard M. Nixon as he returned
to Washington for a visit evoking memories of his greatest
triumph and greatest defeat. The former president returned
to tire White Ilotise last night for the first time srncc he
resigned the presidency four years ago in the Watergate
scandal. At the invitation of President Carter. Nixon Will
attctid lltc elaborate state dinner honoring Chinese Vice
Premier leng IIsiao—ping. leader of the country Nixon
courted. helping forge ties that Carter confirmed by
extending diplotnatic recognition. When Nixon arrived
Sunday night by commercial airline. he got offfhc ﬁrst class
section ol the plaiic before the other passengers on a lonely
cottier til tltc Dulles Airport runway. in view of only a
Itandlul of reporters. Almost as if by habit. Nixon stood for it
moment at the top oi the plane ramp. surveying the scene
below. iltit with no one except ach Secret Service agents to
welcome him. he quickly straightened his dark overcoat and
walked down the stairs alone.

UN Troops Ready to Act

MIDEAS'I' t AP) II. N. peacekeeping troops were ordered oit
Ittll tllCI'l In southern Lebanon yesterday after a booth killed
two Israelis attd wounded 34 in an Israeli coastal resort and
Istacl's Christian allies in southeast Lebanon shelled a
Norwegiuti U.N. force. There was no imtncdiatc ivttrdon
what sparked the heavy shelling by Lebanese Christian
militiamen Friday and Saturday. A U.N. spokesman in
Beirut said several of the Norwegians were wounded. btif
their units did ttot return the fire. U.N. troops were sent into
sotrthcrn Lebanon last year to replace uti Israeli invasion
Ioicc that occttpicd Silo-square miles irt rcprisal for a

Palestinian raid near Tel Aviv in which 35 Israelis were
killed.

Pope Keeps Things in Order

MEXICO CITY (AI’) Pope John Paul II spoke to Mexico's ‘
Indians yesterday after cautioning his priests in Latin
America to keep tltc Roman Catholic Church otit of politics
and seek socialjustice by spiritual means. Openinga bishops‘
conference in Pueblo that will chart the course ofthc church
Ill Latin America for the next decade. the 58-year-old pontiff
on Sunday rebuffed militant progressives advocating a
"theology of liberation“ and criticized those who see Jesus
"as a political figure. a revolutionary. as the subversive of
Na/rtrcth." Reading in Spanish. he told the third decennial
conference of Latin American bishops their meeting was “not I
it symposium of experts. not a parliament of scientists or
technologists.“ I'he pope said the bishops' mission is to tend
to the spiritual aspirations of man. He said they mUsl ‘
continue to light for more equal distribution of wealth atid t
for human rights.

Transcripts From Jonesto'iiin

WASHINGTON (AP) l'hc Fill has transcripts of radio
messages lront .Ioncstowtt apparently telling Peoples 'l emplc
followers In Georgetown. Guyana. to kill a group of l"
'conccrncd relatives who had accompanied Rep. Leo Ryan
iltcic. iltc lf‘tohtttgton Port reported yesterday. [he
iticssrigcs were sent last Nov. |li.just hours before Ryan. I)-
tnIil.. and lotir others were killed at the Port Kattumn
.iiistt'ip and the Re\. Jim Jones and tttorc than 900 of his
tollowcis died in a mass suicide-murder at the .ioticstown
commune. I‘o.\I correspondent Charles A. Kratisc \tlltl in if
dispatch from (icorgclown. None of the It) relatitcs. who
sltl)i.'ti Itchtnd when Ryan went to the commune. was killtd
Ilic /‘u.i/ qttolcd unnamed sources as saying the I-‘Ill has
ctidcncc the messages were sent by Jones or one of his top
.itdcs. It said ati American shortwave radio operator Ill
itcoi'gctown coptcd dowti the coded messages. althouin lit-
didn‘t ttitdctslaiid tltcitt. arid the FBI latcr decoded them
using a l’coplcs lcniplc codebook.

 

J

 

 

Gone But Not Forgotten

Like a bad penny. Marc Bencckc keeps turning tip.

| his time. the former Sll NYA Class of l97ll President has
surfaced itt New York. making the headlines as chief
gatekeeper at the exclusive Studio 54 disco.

I or those of you who aren‘t fartiiliar with the llenecke
Saga. here‘s the lowdown: Ilack in I976 witcn llenccke was
i'iesidcut. the cltlss account was shown to be $4.000 iii tltc
icd. liciicckc agreed to pay back $3.000 as "restitution" for
tits .ictiotis while President. and was suspended front the
lrll|\t.'l'hll) for [5 months.

in \ptif. l‘)/I. Ilenccke wasittdiclcdontltechargcofthit'd
dcgtcc grand larceny. and SU NYA's case ofthc century came
to a close iti October |‘)77 wltcti Ileneckc was found not gtiilty
lII Albany County Court House.

Now we have cx-SIJNYA student Ilcnecke playing god at
tile door of New York‘s chic—est disco. We can't siiy whether
status as at lcllow SUNYA student will Itclp you giiitt
.idinittancc to the disco. bttt we do know this much; there is
tio discount with tax card.

— (‘Itarlcs Hell

Potters Have Hearts Ibo

llic coffers of the 197‘) l'cIetlion fuiid are now $600 richer
- thanks to the Potter Club titid various arcti merchants.
Iltc Potters made the contribution to 'l'clcthon front the
proceeds of ti raffle conducted late last semester with the help
of U‘Ilciincy's. Washington I‘avern. 'l'cch Ilil’i and .Iolititiy
|;vcrs Sporting Goods.
“It‘s nice to see other oit-ciimptis groups sitppotfitig
lcleihoii." said lclethoii Co-(‘lttiirpcrsoti Mike l‘ttbcr.

 

 

t lltlllllltlll of thc Potter Club‘s Uitivc"by/Community
Scittcc Committee citcd the generosity of the local
businessman and tltc stellar efforts of the Potter Cliib men as
the itigicdictits which tttade the al'flc a success.

I lie ldlili.‘ dtnwitig was held ontlie cvenitig of December [9
.tt “asitiitgloti ltttcrrt. Owner Mike llyron tlrctv the stubs
Iioiii .t spaghetti pot. lhc grand prirc st co system went to
\l.iiy llticcatelii of Colonial Quad. (it'lllll Scully and Rick
Riccohittto wtilkcd oil with second and third pri/c.
icspcclitci).

"l’ottct t'Iub has always helped otit 'I'clcthon.tttid we hope
they can do llltll't‘ Ill iltc next seven wccks.‘ 'tiiti Faber. lIc
sticsscd the importance of a cooperative effort by members
ol the University t‘omtiiutiity for a successful’l’clcthoti'79.

-— Ken Kurtl

 

 

 

Get Your Pens & Pencils

I til .iII .tspitttig Woodward and Iicttisteitt typcs otit
Ihctc. Itctc's good llt‘W‘s latilrics are now being iicccptcd Ior
Ilic .\iiici ic.in Associations of University l'rtilcssot’s(/\/\lll’)
lltglict lducntmn WHICH Award.

llicawatd is gttcn annually toa ulntlctil wlto hastiitiplaycd
outstanding iiitctptelivc icporttttg ol Issues iii highet
L'Iltlt‘tllltitl. Any \Ilitlcnl's work which as appeared iii
iicwsptipcts. titaga/Itics. radio. television oi liliiut liclwccti
\itllt‘il I. [Wit and Match I. I979 may he \llltlllillctl Iot
Lttlhltlt'ltllltilh lot the AAlil' nwutd

Students Wishing to lflllcl the contest should submit lotit
copies of tire wot k along wrtlia bticl biogttipitictil tiftttctncnf.

Aiiiiotmcrtitrnt ol the award Wlil be made at the
\ssocutttoti'a Annual Meeting lll lloihton. lrxtts,.iutir Iir’ft
ti. Pit“! I Illllt s and :.ttppitttittg tntilrtnib. should be sent to
lllllt‘t' of Information. Attttrtt-att Asst" ldlltitl of lititvctioty
I'tolcuuot .. ‘.tttlt- WU, tint llitpotil t iii iv. Wd‘tllftlyltlil l) t‘
.llillift. ll) Alittl l. l‘I/‘I

I’lllllt‘ l'trlt-i

People Stay .‘ . .

"t losing the Rat" may require a bit more staying powct
llll.\ year. its the Rritskellar will be open an additional hour
tllllli I:.lU am. the first live weeks of the semester.

to .i tiiul program developed by students and Ratskclliu
intiiitigetiicnl. tltc Campus Center will be open with the lid]
poitiitig and band playing an hour longer than they were on
lliitrsduys last year.

I on) (random. Il Ccntriil Council titctiibcr who not kcd oti
the time changes. feels they could becomc permanent ll
stndctits'sliow thctt support and attendance increases.

 

 

 

lot ti wliilcthen.thosestartingthcirwcckcndsa litticc.iil_\
tll hatc time for that last pitcher. . . or two. . .orthtct-
-- Debbie Kopf

Don ’t Be Foolish

illt‘tl of walking oiit of thc Iiookstotc with a single book
and .i iccrtpl sliownig you paid if price that closely rcscittblcs
illl' \cnt you wctc botti'.’

\\t-ll then. why don‘t you try buying some of the books
you'll bi: nccdtng this semester at the SA llscd Ilook
l \t lt.iiqtt-. lit-tint held all this week in tltc Campus (\‘Iilt‘l
ballroom And while you‘re there you catich rid ofsotnc of
ytitlt old books by tnctcly leaving I5 cents for each book
I'm II' II t’lllttlo unload. tctuinyoii'll rcccivc back the pi icc
.titltt' illt Ly m‘uwtnit-t pit . for your book less It) percent.

W [Hill t‘t'lili Iiotii the SA sponsored book exchange will
,to to it‘lt‘lilttll 'IU

— Elli-ti 'I'. Rosenberg

 

 

L.

PAGE 'I‘WO

ALHAN Y S'l'UlH‘,N'I I'llI’LHS

 

 

stunnyu news briefs)__

JANUARY 30.1979

 

 

 

by M. J. Memmott -

Nelson A. Rockefellerdicd Friday
tiiglit in New York City of a heart
attack. Ily now most of the world
knows that. lhc man who served his
cotmtry as the dist Vice—President.
atid his state as (iovcrnor for I5
years reportedly succumbed while
working on a book concerning one
of his pal sions; tll'l.

 

g news F€ATUR€
flitt wlicti considering
Rockclcllct”s passions. ttcar the top

  

 

ot the list must go education.
\\Itcthct oitc approves of his
ttictliods Ill ct ilttig it or in the

quality of the lllllli prodttct it can't
be denied that as (iovernor. Nelson
\. Rockclcllcr almost singlc‘
Iirnidcdfy biiiIt' SIJNY. I'ite faculty
.iiid .idiinttistt'rilot‘s here at SUNYA -
who sun It grow lrotn a I'crichcr's
t olicgc to a Ittuicrsity Center will
attest to tltut.

"ltt l‘)54 therc was itt New York
State a paper organization
consisting mostly of. teacher‘s
colleges which was called the State
ttnitctstty." said Dean of Sociri‘
hCIL‘IlL’L‘S Richard Kendall. "To gain
what we would tiow consider a rctil
L‘o‘lcgc. one had to attetid a private
school. which mcrini it cost quite it
bit for it sttidciit to continue his or
her education."

WCDB listeners are awaiting the day when the power 0

"llieic was a clcar distinction
between those who could afford to
go to school and those whocouldn‘t.
trotcrnor Rockefeller changed all
Illtfl. He gave us a large active state
iitittcrsuy with a wide range of

’ttlﬂltll'lllllllltJS and programs at ti

minimal cost to the student."
In hctiduli‘s words he made the

"desert bloom." I
Rockefeller scetned sincerely
t.'.\t:llt.'t.i and interested about the

iinttctstty lie was btrilding. Dean of
Student Affairs Neil Brown saw the
Iottiicr tiovcrnor on campus a
number of times.

"He was always willing to come to
tlits campus for occasions: whenever
ins calendar would permit him he‘d
conic oter." said Ilrown. "And when
he was here he always seemed very
nitcicstcd tn the people on this
campus. He would ask questions
about liowtiicstudcnts felt about the
utittctstt); about what kind of
\llltllcs they new interested in:tihout
what kinds of catccts they were
planning for."

"He was obviously very
stimulated about what lie saw
glowing tip around him in the field
of public education."

I;tiinsh Professor Arthur Collins.
\\lllitlisti\\’ll‘lll SIINYAtliroughthc
Itockclclicr' years. called him “the
sll‘ttllgcsl supporter in the
timcrnor's office this university has
ctct' had.“

 

their FM

statlon Increases irorn 10.watls to 100 watts. (Photo: Bob Leonard)

Snow Plus Ice Means

by Stuart Liberinan

Ilic wctilhct Ititcly has been
tctitblc. With all forms of
precipitation bottibarding this area
and the temperature rapidly
dropping. tcc has covered all ihc
roadways and walking paths. The
walk Iiotti Quad to Podium anti

back is If li'ccltct'oits hike ritid not
etch the best tridiai snow tires ‘Illl
guarantee a sure grip oti the roads. A
half hour spent poshingti friend's car
out of a ltll tcsttftcstothat. Spinning
ulit-cls tlllli lhc helping up of a fallen
cttllllittllltill aic common sights oit
t.unpits.

Student Arrested After

Accident

tinc SItNi A sitidcttt was ittitiicd
:.tiid .iiioilici laces criminal charges
following a two-cat accident oii
l'ci'iiiietei Road at about 4 pm.
Sunday. according to i)CpiIl'llllt‘lll of
Public Safety officials.

""Wi‘ll) Ittillt't said .lclit'cy
t oltcti. a liliftl")’L'tIl stitdctit.suffcrcd
lacerations to the It -ad that required
if stitches to close. lie was
transported to Albatiy Medical
tunic-r Hospital by hive-Quad
.\mbiilaucc Service and was
icpoitcd released by hospital
officials. .

JANUARY 30, [979

On Perimeter

lilt‘ diitct of the
wliosc llillllt' was not iclcascd by
unitcistty police pending .i decision
on tltc gtatitmg of youthful oflcndcr
sltlllls. has been charged with four
\clnclc and lttillic \toltitiotit. and at
|t‘.t\l one criminal tiiisdi-ntctittot'
clini‘gc. t lititgcs ilicludc leaving the
scctic of .i pcrsoiial-iiiitit‘y accident
.Illtl dttttng without a license.

titltcct llotig Kctirti said the
accident occuitcd at lltc intersection
of I'ct‘iriictct Road and the I‘ullcr
Road ncccssway to the Motor Pool.

second car.

.ottttttttt'il 1'“ [uttlt‘ lll't'
..

" Rocky-Made SUNY a'Univer ,

"I remember seeing him at a
luncheon in the ballroom. the day he
announced he was retiring from the
'tjoteriior's office." said Collins. “He
was rather nostalgic. speakingabout
the first It) years ol'SUNY (before he
was tiovernor) as being suppressed
as for as growth. lie was obviously
\ci'y proud of the changes he had
brought to public education in New
\oi'k State."

Rockefeller was also very proud of
another major building project: the
South Mall. or Nelson A.
Rockefeller Pia/ti here in Albany. It
Is a marth bolli lor'its architecture
and its cost. which is estimated at
)I.5 billion.

Albany Mayor lzrastus Corning
said ycstertlriy ol Rockcl'ellcr's mall
that II "was all his. and it certainly
had ii positite impact on the city."

“lhc building of the university
Iicic lind qtiitc uti cll'cct too." 'ilid
t ottiing. "At the tttite I objected to
touting the beautiful Pine flush area

 

 

oil wlticliit is lllllil. biit the university _

tins pio\idcd jobs attd a great
oppoitttnily for higher education in
this tiicit."

Nelson A. Rockefeller. During his
IlIlIL‘ as Governor the number of
students in lltts state‘s public itiglicr
cdiicnttoti system increased frotn
lagoon to 240.000. the state budget
uctil from 32 billion to ttver $8
lllllltill. Ifc has been Ct“ "cited for
otctspctiditig. for moving SUNY

Watts Up

by Laura It'lurlentinu

WCIJIl's plans to change front a
to wall to a Hit) watt station are
citi rciitly being held up. according to
(icncral Manager Drive Reismtin.

The station is awaiting approva
to move its transmitter front
Mohawk lower on Indian Quad to
Lasttntin lower on State Quad.
Itctstnan said. When that approval

 

comes from the Federal
t otiitii tttticatiotis Commission
tl-tt l. \\’t'l)ll will submit an

ctiginccring study to tire FCC which
is necessary for its proposed power
change to be finally approved.

.\ llt.‘\\ ruling by the l-CC requires
that It) watt stations tip their power
‘to lot) watts. III an effort to clear tltc
.iiiwatcs of smaller stations.

Problems

In t'cfctcncc to the rccctit
inclement weather aitd its
stfltsctllluill cleanup. SIJNYA

l’l.tii1 Sttpcitntcndaitl It'tt l)thtc
said. “Iliis was one of the worst
spclis ol weathci I Itave ever seen. I

lcci thegi otrnd crews did afincjob itt _

making the roadways and paths
accessible."

lhc ckptcssion "under the
t It cittiistauces“ would certainly ltttvc
lit-cu applicable hcrc. “Iivei'ytliing
Ito/c tip. titid once it turns to ice
tlictc is little we cait do.“ said

ttotllticd l‘tll‘llllll. Maintcttaticc
.‘tliIlL‘HISUI'.

Ntih‘ult
Matters hate bccti'complictited
luttlici ltit both SlINYA and

uciglihottng coittiiiutiitics as Ihc stilt
unppiy dissipates. According to
llc\ oc. "Most townships atid
coriitiintiitics \tctc out of salt before
its."

“\\ c tan oirt of salt last Monday
.itid It is ttot yct fit. We were
promised to hate it by lttcsdtiy. As
lllL' icc iiiclts we ate winking as fast
as we can to L'lL‘Ill' it." said I"ot'ttiin.

ALBANY STUDENT PRES

along too quickly. for being too
detached and cold'dttring the Attica
rebellion.

llut to many he was a man of
tticrcdtblc drivc and intelligence.
i\L'IltilIil must lltf\L‘ summed up this
Icclttig its well as anyone could.

".\c|soii Rockefeller was a miin of
unusual hrcadtlt of taste and
culititilton." said Kendall. “He was it

At WCDB?

\VCI)” l’rogrttiii director. Paul
Ilcticglum. and Cliici engineer. Ira
ttoldstctn see this as a good change.
since the increased power gives
better reception iitid clarity.

WU)“. WRUC (Union College)
and \VSI’N (Skidmorc College) are

.ifl ptcscntly opcrafiiigat It) wattsund
therefore subject to the I‘CCruling.

SA Funds '

5A President ‘aui l'eldman said
the (mural Council I‘CCL‘lllly passed
. mlt .iilocntoignioncyto \VCIHlto
do if feasibility study oti the change.
at a cost of M000. Ibis included the
engineering study of the surrounding
station ttclds and the effect of thc
inctcascd power onthc Albany area.

"tithcr costs including rt tnorc

transmitter. rcmotc

powcttul

 

Former Governor Rockefeller died Friday. leaving Albany the SUNYA
campus and the mail which bears his name.(Pholo: Bob Leonard)

 

iiiatt with the kiiid of abilities that
gitc ll person international

' tccogtttttoti. which lie certainly had."

"\\c tllt: all in his debt forever for
this university."

i1\’L'll during a titnc when this
unt\ctsity is suffering through
cutback. lt‘tilll the rapid growth of
ilic ‘RtlL‘hL‘UllL‘l‘ years. few would
rogue With that.

Not Quite

control. system. modulation and
frequency meters. an emergency
broadcast system generator.
additional boys for the aiifcnnti and
tonic cables atid connectors are
estimated to ruti iii the area of $7-
lti.tltl(l." says Ilctieglirin.
the student association and the
.idtititiisirtuion will ltelp foot the
but." adds- lleneghan. “but WCDB
plans to work with the SA in getting
ttioucy to pay for equipment."
WRllt' is presently broadcasting
on fire same frequency as WCI)B.
'.ttid lhctcfoi'c must tnake platis to
clitingc to another channel.
According to Reisman. this too
could slow down the process for
\kt'f)”. as the slatioti waits for
w Itltt‘ to get off its frequency.

 

Poor weather condltlons and a lack of snow removal octqu f has
made driving to the Albany area hazardous. (Photo: Roanoo Kula ott)

S

PAGE THREE

 

 

 

 

 

