 

 

 

 

 

 

 

gﬁéducotton Focus

 

Realities.  Testing

NYPlRG is sponsoring a “Truth in
Testing“ before the New York legislature.
which would require tltat questions atrd
answers to standardi7cd tests suclt as the
Scholastic Aptitude Test. tlte (iraduate
Record Exam. etc.. be published withintlte 30
days followingan exam. This ma y scent on the
surface to be only fair attd reasottable. but
such disclosure is unfortunately incontpatible
with standardi/cd testing.

Standardi/ed tests are valuable precisely
because they are standardi/ed. and thus
provide a uniform rtatitntal standard of
comparison. itrdepettdent of tittte. place attd
variation of the‘tiverall ability of those taking
a given test at_a given time. llas NYl’lRGever
wondered how the Educational Testing
Service is able to assert tltat a (I50 rrtt. for
example. tlte Graduate Record Verbal esattt
taken itt May. I978. is cqtrivalertt to the saute
score on the (BRIE Verbal takctt iii January.
|‘)7‘) or March 1969'! 'I he answer is tltat every
version of the (iRl‘ arid otlteresantscontaitrs
questions that,ha\e appeared itt previotrs
versions (tltortglt not irt immediately
precedittg ones. to atoid giving an ad\trtttagc
to tltosc retakittg a test). lly eorttptttittg
petlortrtance on these repeated qttcstiotts. the
I IS is able to determine ltow students takittg
a particular test at a givett time eotnpare to
previous takers of tltis test. attd. tlttts. ltll‘
example. to decide whetlter raw scores
(number of questions right) are higher
becattse students are better prepared or
becartsc a particular version of an exam is
easier than previous \ersiotts. ll qttestiotrshad
to be fully disclosed and attstvers priblisltcd.
the HS cottld not repettt the questions. and
could not standat‘di/e the e.\arns ttttd convert
raw scores to the reported scores(on a scale of
200-800 for tttost exams) wltose meaning is
independent of which version of ttnesam was
takett.

lf NYI’IRU \vcite seriously interested irt
improving testing. it would withdraw the
dis-closure requirement, llut of course
l‘in’llUi wottld ~like to clitnittate or curtail
testing. as their'litct‘tttttre tttakes clear. (A

it reduce competitive pres. ures to gain
admission (which. indeed. are often
excessive). The result would be greater
reliartee upon grades and reference letters.

lltrt perhaps the worst consequences of
eliminating tests is that higher education
would become less flexible. with fewer
opportunities to move from a two yearor four
year college to a university, or front a good
university to a better one. Grading standards
vary immensely among universities. and even
ntore so among four year arid two year
colleges. Even a straight A student at a poor
school may not be as able oras knowledgeable
as art average student at a first rate school. But
some community college students could do
well anywhere. 'l'hcir best chance to prove it is
itt a contest (like the (iRE) wlterc all are
evaluated by the same standards. lit the
abscttce of sortie urtifornt measure. graduate
attd professiottal schools would tertd to accept
students only from what tltey eottld regard as
"sale" schools. lvy league professional attd
graduate schools would be more prone to
accept caclt others‘ tttrdcrgradttates attd less
prone to accept otttsidcrs.

ll' grading standards were more uniform the
(NW: would still be useful. though ttot
essential. There are nations whose colleges
exhibit far less variety than do American
schools. In England. for example. final
examinations itt all courses are mttdL‘ up by
cotntttittees that include professors from other
institutions. and grades front different
colleges. ttre reasonably cotnparable in
conseqttettee. lint uniform standards cart only
exist where there is centrali/ed control overa'
system designed to educate a ntitclr narrower
range and smaller proportion of young people
tltan currently attcttd college in the United
States. linglattd could get along with tests like
the (iRli. bttt one doubts wltethcr NYl’lRG
would prefer their system to ours.

NYl’lRG attacks the technical validity ol
li tests. According to NYI’IRG "a (t7
point diffcrcttcc between two LSAT scores is
statistically insignil‘igant. Yet. law schools
take this difference very seriously when
establishing cut-off points at (tflf) or (150." ltt

 

 

 

 

 

'9 No Makes natty

The nuclear issue has been debated now for
decades. Before Harrisburg l was convinced
'tltut-nuclcar power was unsafe. overpriced.
misunderstood. ttnd an unfair hurdeny/on-r'rl
upon us. I‘m sure that ntany of you feel the
same way as I do.

Okay. most of its know the problems. The
question is what are we to do‘.’ Are we to sit
back and view tlte problent passively; watch to
see what the “important” or "powerful"
people do‘! Should we watch, while
government officials rind nuclear proponents
cover up Harrisburg attd again reassure us
how necessary nuclear power is'.’ No. we
should get up and act. For tltose of you who
feel nuclear power is safe. clteap. and
necessary. I only ltope you‘ll cotne to your
senses. The truth is here. We who oppose
ttuclcar power are now the majority. But are
we powerl'ul'! Together we are. Don‘t sit back
and let someone else f'iglthor you! Fuck a few
hours of partying. relaxing. and maybe even
studying. l have firtals too. Let's make
ourselves heard. attd feel good about doing it.
On May (vth there is going to be a nationwide
rally in Wasltirtgtott l).('. People from all 50
states will cotrvergc on the capital to oppose
ttttclcar power. Marty seietttists.cnlct'fttittet‘s.
attd consumer activists will join thousands of
others: people who are willing to support what
they believe itt. We all ha\e lteliefs.bttt they‘re
vtortltless if we rclttsc to support them
heartily. and to make necessary sacrifices.
We'll all be heard if we speak together. All
that‘s needed is a 24 ltottr contntitrttertt trttd 20

 

atttotnatic aceeptattee or rejection. bttt rather
a mininttttn level on ottc criterion. scores
below vvltielt eattnot be compensated for by
arty conceivable performance itt other areas.

Second. and more important. it is always
trtte in any cotnpctiti\e situation that those
who just rttiss heittg adtttittcd do ttot differ
significantly from those who barely titttke it. if
space is litttited attd competition is intense
sottte qualified applicants will be t'eieted itt
hour of others who are judged to be only
marginally better qualified. 'l‘his will be true
with or without (il{l:‘s. LSA l"s.ot' MCA'I"s.
()l erntrse a student who narrowly misses
getting into Columbia law School will surely
be accepted somewhere else. A studettt who
narrowly ttti. s getting ittto a third rate law
school may not have other options. but
probably doesn‘t deserve tltctn. Some
deserving re’ectcd tttedical scltool applicants

tltc first place. the idea of a “cut-uff" is very
ntislcading. A law school with it 600 cut-off
(which would be art elite seltool) would
typically accept virtually no students scoring
(ill) (except for minority admissions) attd
would even reject half ofall applicants scorittg
700. A cut-off is not a dividing litre between

candid sigu over the NYl’lR(i table itt the
('ampns Center several weeks ago read
"»\gainst Statttlat‘di/ed 'lestittg.")

llrosc wlto oppose stundatdi/ed testing
t‘tlttltl pottder the consequences of eliminating
‘e-ts. Doing so would not create additional
places itt law arid tttcdical schools. ttor would

will unlortuttatcly not have other options.but
the remedy would be tnoie places in medical
schools. ttot elimination of MCAI 's. Manv
graduate schools now have cttotiglt toottt tit
admit all qualified appli ‘ants. attd \iew the
(iRl-Z. not as a ttt 'tltts ofelitttinating stttdctrts.

dollars. A few individualsa re out bttsting their
asses trying to raise proney in an attempt to
lotvcr thisfcost. Don't make up excuses. let‘s
get ol'l'tvur hands, You know that ttttclear
power is no good. so buy‘a ticket artd eottte
down to Washington. '
- .lon ('olten

Yeeecl'l'

To the Editor: ,

Housing and residence on ottrcampus is the
brunt of many a problem. You attd I both
know and experience many Conflicts which
arise daily with residence and the residence
staff. Quad boards were set up so that we who
are dcstittcd to live fit these archaic stone
monuments eatt enjoy a better existence. A
Quad lloard is supposed to amass the
collective talents of all those who live iii the
quad attd lttrtttcl tltent to a productive use,

State Quad is holding elections next week
and amid the torrent of political activity ltrrn
surprised at the lack of interest of thr-
residents. I live on State Quad attd I want to
live in the best possible living ettvitottrttettt. .r\
key to assuring tt good cttvirottmcttt is the
progresshe nature of those who govern our
environment. or ottr Quad Board. I want to
see art election in which we get tochooselronr
the top leadership in otrr quad not |ltsl lilt'
select few who happen to stumble over it
ballot. l wattt to ltavc the opportunity of
saying that State Qttad will go forward nest
year because students have cltoscn people who
have pt‘ogt'essi\e ideas.

I think we have tremendous talent on State

 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 

but as art opportunity to identify stttlettls
whose grades do not reflect their aliilrtv
(iRli's thus help tntttty tttotc students than
they ltttrt.

'l'ltirdly. there is nothing magical about a (f7
poirtt difference. as opposed to a 70 point
difference. orev‘ena l0 poittt difference. A lt'sl
is basically a randont sample of a skill
knowledge or a ptitudeatrd tlter'e isa Ittotlctttte
probability that small differencs are due to
luck. and even a small probability that ittlllt'
differences cart be so explained. It is still
ttttiottal to prefer one who scores (ill) to one
who scores 600 in the rare case where all other
factors are cqtti\alcttt.just as it is rational. ill
the absettee of otlterevidettee. to prefer a 3.3»1
grade average to a 3.20. Sixty—seven pttiltts. ltl
arty event. is a si/eable difference between
l,S/\'l scores. which almost certainly would
reflect a real difference attd art itrtpot rant ttltt'
between students.

Contrary to NYl’lRG's elarrn. the
correlation between (iRl-I attd LSAI scores
artd subsequent grades is quite high, illt'
predictive \alidity of (iRli‘s or ISA'I ‘s used
alone is almost as high as that of a student's

___.——-

 

 

 

CM (6 WRIGHI

ym
four/w “W “"4”:
’

f”

Mmﬂaavr

«\ftr!

m‘\\§‘\vw' 

x, CM!
58ng YOU
No, You

\‘i
fdtk‘krk

lltflttttt

CIA is CWATOSE/

705;. M7 ﬂang-
vo   6654/;-

  
 

rtrs wart tiers/laser!

l\l\lt

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

I’ltoto i-llllrt \tsrtrvt

’1.—

All

..-..W¢ws m ..

 

 

fou

Up

You have to take
woooy serious,
those days.

 

 

It? almost tifno

to [cove the
ntoins forever.
Sec Centerfold

Moothcoas
and Dingbats
in 

trou go there. ovcry weekend,
but you don't know who
the fbundc'r was.

Ovorthrowing the capitalist system
is not going to happen without
picking

   
 
 

H rock star to
Fred the Bird} ‘ '

 

 
 
  

 

 

 

 

