 

r

. . "m. dd s.
..;.i: n Warmvrarrsisgp-i we; or i 7“"

PAGE 2:

 

MARCH 16, I979

 

 

 

' Interested In Kosher Meals
(Lunches and DInners)durIng

Passover?

um! um“ AP,“ '6' I" '9' ‘9 Anyone interested must sign-up (during the
above times) regardless of whether or not

you are already on the Kosher Meal Plan
Sign up Is on Mar. i9. 10, ll. 22:
IO am-Ilnoon at the Campus Center

Brln meal cards to sl II II
4 prn~6 pm at the Dutch Quad Cafeteria s a up

Price: will be posted at the sign-up desk
W

ii questions call itnh lbsenstock 7-7756
0' Carol Krohn 7-7949

m
Meals will be served only at the
Kosher Kitchen In the back of
Dutch Quad Cafe.

 

 

CD Group of the Week

 

at 6:30 PM (following Spectrum)
for the history of this Supergroup

 

Education For
Every Child

The Very Special Arts Festival, held and other students. he explained.
March 9 and 10 at Colonie Center, Through the rhythm of the music and
shOWed how handicapped children canbe imitation of the other students, the
educated through arts and crafts. Every learning disabled are able to learn more
child is entitled to a free education, quickly. “There is no competition. The
regardless of any handicap. and schools only competition is between the
are using special aids and instructionsxto individual and himsem" he said.
take care of these needs. The many are “The learning disabled seem perfectly
schools represented inthe show displayed normal and are NO! mentally retarded."

these aids, as well as projects thcchildren BaTtOW §aid- The PI‘Oblcm is that the
message is not properly transmitted to the

brain. Teachers are especially instructed
to aid that process by repetition and
visual aids.

have completed.

Cyra Williams

Associate Professor of Education, 0"" (’“hc ProressorsﬂiPOtSdamWPCd
Gary Bartow manned the PotsdamState 1‘ b°°k m help Children. Who had
College exhibit and explained their Pmblems focusmg 0" "10 Dillith Word.
[cachemmining program for children Thetape was run slowlyatfirst.whilethc
ages 3-13. He said that Potsdam follows Sindems fonowed the words 0" the Past
the practice of"mainstreaming,"whichis Because 1My mum already hear the

 

 

9i
FFFHC

Join Dave Heisman
Monday thru Thursday

 

in words and music.

funded by SA

Off Campus Advrsor
Positions

For Academic Year
1979 - 1980

Applications are available in the
Off Campus Housing Office CC 110.
Deadline for applications is

5 pm Friday, March 23.
Four Advisor Positions are available

    
   
   
   
     
  

  
 

 

JSC-HillellSpoakers’ Forum/Faculty Wives

8A funded

loin together to present

Chaim Potok, Jewish Author

He will be speaking on Thurs.,
March 22 at 8:00 In Lecture Center 7.

 

He will be speaking on "Culture Confrontation."

Chaim Potok Is the author of tho bestsellers The
Chosen, The Promise. and My Name Is Asher Lev.
Admission Is $1.00 Tx card holders

$1.50 Students and Senior Citizens
$2.00 General Public rum/by SA

 

 

 

 

  

\

placing handicapped childreninthe same word, their thought PTOCCSSCS Wcrc
classroom with other children allowed to concentrate solely on seeing
By observing normal behavior. the the ward. The students developed u
children are able to learn faster than if rhythm or seeing and hearing the WW“.
they were secluded in a classroom with making it easier and quicker for them to
exclusively handicapped children. The [Winn and compens‘diw {0' 11W”
student teachers are taught how to Perccpluul Pmblcm-
instruct handicapppcd children, at times According ‘0 BIITIOW. ihc SChOUI has
on a one-10.0m- bagig' he said. experimented with combining diilcrt‘nl
Gerald Snyder of [he SUNYA age groups in one classroom. Last _\t'.li.
Dcpunmcm of Teacher Education lifth and sixth graders were successfully
explained in a telephone interview that “mgr” iogc‘hcru allhoughﬂPTOBHUHNHI
SUNYA has a similar program to train seventh and eighth graders this year \izn
their education majors. in fact, SUNYA “m “5 SUCCCSSWL
has a Masters Degree for Special The increase in self-worth and

MARCH l6, 1919

PAGE 3.

 

 

 

F

Fraternities

“When I look back at Albany State, l‘m
going to look back at Chi Sig,“ said Beth
Sanning. vice president of Chi Sigma
Theta. when asked about her experience
as a sorority member at this university. “it
has given me a place to belong." she
added.

June Bohling

 

Members of fraternal groups on
campus give a variety of reasons for
belonging to Greek organizations that
range from getting to know others to
learning how to live and work within a
group. But fraternities and sororities do
have their problems, the biggest being a
drastic decline in membership.

U. S. World and News Report recently
reported a rise in fraternal membership in

 

 

Education, which Potsdam does not conﬁdence is Clearly Show" by Fred “"1
have. Some ofthc courses given forthis Hammond" A “Side”! 0' 1"“
degree are: Psychology and Education of Wilton Developmental Cemer- During
Exceptional Children and youth, programsthc Festival. his shy smile turned into a
and Resources for Teaching the wide grin as he told about winning an
Disadvantaged, and Education of the award from SUNYA a! '11-“ Years
Slow Learner. Festival for a charcoal drawing of a
. Professor Bartow saidthat his program NaVajo lndiiln- He is 80mg i0 MadiS‘m
rs “individualized with structured Square Garden in May for the A1151“
instruction and special training.” His Festival. As he encouraged visitors in
exhibit at the Festival inc|uded come to Wilton andseethe murals hchas
phonograph records they use“, cnhance painted on the walls, his face literally
auditory learning. The children listen to beamed Wi‘h Pride- That is Whi”
the records While watching the teacher education ofthc handicapped isallaboul.

This Week's Photo

 

 

Despite the cold weather utslds, lnoor gardening
remains a favorite hobby of SUNWI students

 

 

   

the past five years. Many Greek groups
on this campus had about 100 members
each in the early 1970‘s. However.
membership has declined about 87
percent since 1968. The six Greek
sororities and fraternities and Potter
Club total about l55 students this
semester.

SUNYA‘s Greek groups are unique
compared to other colleges, because none
1ch in houses off campus. Before I963
they all owned houses in the Albany area.
Students belonging to these

organizations were asked by the
university to move on campus as
construction of the uptown dormitories
was completed in the mid-[960's

Fraternal members now face housing

  

Potter's club Is a social
organization, not a Greek lrat.

problems. A sorority or fraternity must
fill at least 50 percent of a section in a
dorm to receive rights to that section.
Having rights to a section includes being
allowed to hang banners, decorate. hold
meetings and have parties in a section‘s
lounge.

 

 

The decline in numbers belonging to

 

 

 

and sororities

seem to be experiencing a revival-
if you believe that television
simulates typical college life.
Regardless
SUNYA doesnot have typical
fraternitiesand sororities.

 

these groups has left some Greeks without
a section to call their own in recent years.
Consequently, members are scattered.
,Some live on campus in different
dormitories, some live off campus.

Living together is important in the
Greek groups," says Heidi Alheim.
president of Psi Gamma, most of whose
II members live in Van Rensselaer on
Dutch Quad. Eileen Merriam, also a
member of Psi Gamma, said it would be
boiler to have a house off campus. but
luck of money prevents this. in addition,
the city of Albany has a housing
ordinance which stipulates that no more
than three unrelated persons be allowed

 

 

 

 

 

Most of Psl Gamma’s eleven
woman membership live on
Dutch Quad.

to reside together at one residence.
Frank Alfano, former brother of the
defunct Alpha Pi Alpha (Al’A),
attributes the break-up of that fraternity
to lhc loss of section rights for this
academic year. APA had to move from
Clinton Hall to Hamilton Hall on
Colonial Quad in 1974 where Potter Club
was housed. Alfano said the move caused

competition between Al’A and l’otlcr
(‘luh in gaining pledges. “The
mlnnnislrnlion wanted to isolate flats in
one hall,“ he said.

“'1 here's a demand for co—cd housing.“
said Mark llorkowski. a Student Affairs
Council committee member who deals
with housing problems. When l’ottcr
Club was moved to Waterbury Hall on
Alumni Quad last fall, its former
residence became a co-ed dorm.

Apart from the housing difficulties and
the decline in membership. some Greeks
say students do not feel the need to join
fraternal organizations because residence
assistants can do just as much as a social,
fraternal group. According to Robin
Stinkohl, vice president of Kappa Delta.
resident assistants perform the same
functions as Greeks in many cases.

Other members say students here don't

reeks ﬂt SUNl'l-l: ﬂ Loyal Minority

join fraternities and sororities because
there are so many other organizations to
choose from. “This campus offers a lot,"
says Fern Heinig of Chi Sigma Theta.
Tito Bourdon, president of Sigma Tau
Beta. the largest fraternal group on
campus with 40 m mbers, says f ts are

  
    

3TB Is currently the largest fraternal
group on campus.

stereotyped too much today. “National
Lampoon‘s Animal House“ doesn't
depict a true frat. he said. “All our
members have different values and
morals but we have that one thing in
common (being a fraternity brother)," he
said.

Mike Williamson, 11 member of Potter
Club. says the stigma attached to
belonging to the club is “grossly
unjustified." Potter Club is not a Greek
fraternity but a social organization that
stresses fellowship rather than
brotherhood.

Williamson said that when he meets a
person who doesn't know he is a member
of the club. and then meets the same
person at a later date while wearing his
black Potter Club jacket, the person is
always shocked to discover he is a club
member.

Prcsidcnt Ted lickier of Tau Kappa
Epsilon (TKE), formerly Theta Xi Omega
(‘I'X()). says the fraternal groups on
campus do not achrtisc enough. He
added that there is a lack of
communication among the fraternal
organilutions. Ecklcr suggests that if the
brothers and sisters work together. they
would have more say and control
concerning their livelihood at this
univer. y.

 

8TB Is currently the largest
fraternal group on campus.

 

Eckler predicts a trend toward the
formation of national Greek groups here.
SUNY Board of Trustees prohibited the
formation of national fraternities and
sororities on state campuses until
October I976. The Greek afﬁliations at
SUNYA are locals. except for those
turning national.

Last May, TXO became a colonic of
the national TKE fraternity. In order to
become a chapter of TKE, the frat has to
build membership.

At the same time that TKE became a
national colonie. Alpha Epsilon Pi
(AEP), a national fraternity founded at
New York University, wrote to students
here to encourage them to form a chapter.
According to AEP President Scott
Schutzman, about [00 male students who
had fathers or other relatives that
graduated from NYU were contacted.
AEP has about [5 members.

Beta Tau. a colonic of the national
fraternity Zeta Beta Tau (ZBT). is now
forming at SUNYA. Beta Tau President
(iary Cruse says its l6 members are
presently writing a constitution to
become recognized by the university.
Most members in Colonial Quad's
Johnson Hull.

Omega Psi Phi (OPP). another
national organization. is in the process of
becoming chartered, according to
member Curtis Lloyd. OPP began as a
negro fraternity in l9l'. at Howard

 

 

 

 

TXO has become a colony of the
national TKE frat.

University. Washington D.C. There is a
graduate chapter of OPP in Albany
whose brothch notified students here,
Lloyd said. chcn members and eleven
plcdgcs are combining efforts to form the
group, he said.

licklcr cited the advantages of
belonging to a national frat'. He said the
nationals offer life insurance, loans, and
scholarships. And there is always the
possibility that a national will finance a
mortgage for a house, he added. But for
his group right now, owning a house is a
dream.

(irccks at SUNYA are struggling to
maintain membership, and in the
meantime. they are enjoying the benefits
of friendships and memories made
through fraternal experiences. As Robin
Steinkohl put it, “There is a bond in the
sorority."

And a member never knows when he or
she will accidentally meetafcllow brother
or sister after leaving SUNYA. Not long
ago a member of Chi Sigma Theta went to
a job interview in Virginia and met a

 

 

 

 

former sister of her sorority.

 

.. s44.

 

