Where Is

Any Adalman, NYPIRG chalr: "We have
a lot of person poWer. but our real power is in
the students. it's the best kind of power there
can be on a campus."

Jennifer Butler. President of Class '83:
"Power entails many advantages. but must
never be left unchecked."

Jeremy Carlson. Student- Union Chair: “l
have as much power as the amount of
students who support us and who are involv

 

r '3‘ 1"
it .1;

A "I

. .

‘ a‘l

Jeremy Carlson

ed and active. Our power is in our number
Join us!"
Dave Chaletz. 5-Quad President: "i don't
look on my position as power. but responsibili»
, ty. We are responsible for all the emergency
health care for the university."
Janice Fine, Student Union Chair: This stu-
dent activist and SASU delegate gave great
support to the recent bookstore sitvin and
other demonstrations. She is active in the
President's Task Force on Women's Safety
crusade.
Dave Friedman, Class of '82 Pres: “it's
scary as class pres. because i have so much
and maybe too much control. but i feel good
that I am responsible to and for the 2500 class
members."
Jay Glooen. ASP Editor: "Power means
never having to say you're sorry..."
lEvan Gold. Univ. Concert Bd. f’rt's: Evan
handles everything from booking musical or

tlsts to security at the shows.
Susan Goldilocher. Feminist Alliance
Pres: As president, Susan is the head of the

 

 

   

, u, an. ‘ /
Letmdcr Harduwny
group concerned with women's rights and ac-
tive in the struggle for equality.
Mark Gurvll. JSC Pres: "As a leader of one
of the largest student groups. the way i fulfill
my position will affect a large number of
students."
Leander Hardaway. ASUBA Pres: "Power
is a function of legitimacy and most white.
students don't consider blacks to be legitimate.
i would question my ability to influence the

 

Students A
I Who Would

 

   
 
 
 
 
 
  

1

general student population. When whites
finally realize that blacks can and have made
considerable contributions to the quality of
'student' life, then we will have power. When
this comes about. ‘studenis' will have corr-
sidcrably more impact on issues than they do
now. the current situation Is not conducive to
positive working relations."

Mike Levy. Central Council Chuir: "People
who get off on power probably shouldn't be
where they are, When just the position is im-
portant you shouldn't be there. You must be
representative. not hierarchical."

'l'ito Martinez, SA Vice President: "l have
power because i have so many people helping
me and all the people who voted for me."
Marlene Michaelaon. Telethon Chair:
"We don't have power. We get action and
cooperation because we're doing something
important. Our influence is because we're do~
ing something urrlversity people feel is good."
Lisa Newmark. SA Pres: "I didn't take the
job just for the power. The power that comes
along with it lets me do my job "

Ronald Nimlroﬂ. Credit Union Pres: “l'm
not a big boss or a person who tells people
what to do. | just try to live up to my respon-
sibility for handling a lot of money."

Dave Roi-man. WCDB General Manager:
The student run FM radio station controls part
of what the University and the Capital District
hears over the air waves.

J. Scott Robin-on. Gay and Lesbian
Alliance Pres: "l'm a representative (not as
leader) of a very, strong group. We;re influen--

 

iial because what we'rcl doing is important and
ecause we're so much in the news now "
Gary Schatoky, Class o/ '81 Pres: As presi
dent. Gary is directly responsible to the Class
of 1981. He must decide what to do in thr-
best interests of the people he represents.
Sue Seligson. OCA Pres: "i don't make all
the decisions. We try to make decisions Collec-
tively. l like to think of the organization as
powerful. not me. That's the way it should.
be."
Roberta Tarkan. Speaker's Forum Prcs'
"A person holding my position needs to be
responsible. Once the group chooses who
they want to hear, l have to set up the whole
thing."
Anthony Taoaarottl. Torch f’rt's. and
Photo Service Pres. .' in case you miss
anything through the year. Tony recalls major
campus events. times and places in the pages
of the Torch.
Sharon Ward. SASU Pres: Sharon leads
the coordination of branches around the state
In legislative lobbying for student issues. She
was active in the Health Fee Repeal and Tilt»
tion Hike protest.
Dave Welntraub, Class 0/ '80 Pres: Dave is
the leading representative for the class of
1980. He makes the decisions about senior
day activities.
Craig Welnotoclt.S.A. Controller: “I feel
like I have a lot of responsibility because l ap»
prove all SA expenditures. I try to he sure of
equity in budgeting."

 

 

by Jay Gissen

You want power? You got it. You don't
want it? You don't got it. Sometimes. you
want it and you don't get it. sometimes you
don't want it and you get it anyway. it falls into
aright hands and wrong feet. bad hearts and
good brains. ulceraiing stomachs and liquor-
ridden kidneys. big mouths. and the good
looking. it disappears before it settles in
sometimes. and it can overstay a visit like no
other unwanted guest. lt likes to be the life oi
the party. It corrupts. it's in numbers. and it's
been around for along as man or beast ex-
isted. It's quite a phenomenon.

You pick an institution. you find a power
structure in it. SUNYA's got one on two levels.
the students. and the others. Students. we're
what it's all about. I mean without us. they'd
all be' without a job. without power. We give
them power. and some say we've given them
too nruch. We're talking policy power. money
power. social power. and about fifty in-
dividuals on this campus possess enough of at
least one of those powers to make the list.

Or at least their positions do. Some in-
dividuals may be inferior to their office. some
may be wasting time and effort in something
not worthy of their talents. Some may be just
right. it's all subjective. but we still have
something here that says that subjectivity
becomes majority opinion when over fifty per»
cent of the people jive on it. We still'got that

So check 'enr out. These are fifty biggies.
they Could all have some effect on you. it
some way. at some time You got their
names. their positions. a trifling about what
they do. and maybe a word or fwo from them.
Effective change and a responsive system
have always needed good organization and
exceptional leaders. Be aware oi who those
leaders are. in whatever situation you're in.
Leaders have power. and power is a potent
tool.

The beaurocracy of your average American
institution is thick and time consuming. You
may not always be able to get to bitch to the
top person first. but you might be surprised at
how accessible some of these people really
Hit)

The list is yours. and the power to use it.
Power is good. power is useful. power must
not be abused. This newspaper will gladly fur-
nish all persons the means to contact power
on this campus in a responsible. effective way.
If you have trouble dealing with any power.
come talk to us. and maybe we'll ally ourselves
for a common good. Do it!

 

 

.. Hammond

er

  
 
 
 

l

Shiva—.4 ~.._ ".3.

. 4 V 
N m  
’eartr'wc 

 

 

 

4-
g:
1.7

            

 

Photos by — rim/tony Tassrrrolli, ii'i/I
Yunnan, Alan (.‘ulern, Routine Kit/a/mff

 

 

J

Pwer Arid
More Power

The "ewes oi the Speaker bde’N‘tl "II i'tiw. it was di/jicult to smile. but he had to. His icy
COld hands had '0 meel ll"? Swen/V {Jill‘ii‘v 'tliltc filth he was trying to gain power over. To be the
leader, he first had to slave.

A devoted slave of his own cautiously lttltllrtm he had three mtnums belong going on, and he
baled him ior saying “- He “019d this 'Iljllti. and the onesjust like it that would always come. In
this last three minutes. he realized that rjrrrrrrrr. power meant giving up power. There was no
b’eaklng 0/ "18 balancer He was ‘1 dlrly I'l‘L’ﬂpsi'iue to the people he was dictator over. His posi-
tion afforded him no freedom. arid that is ﬂattery .

The time came to go on and as his spw'clrwrtued in his hand at the right moment. he felt the
weight of an immovable stone. Jesus. hc tlroiaht, l haven '1 even written this. and they're not
really meeting me! What good is my ptirtit'r rjttieryone's perception a] who owns it is a me that
isn't really me?

Lights parade his eyes, [lash cameras turdtlrr’ wall ofthunderous reception. They love him: he

is theirs.
i.e. Richard Nixon had a lot of enemies “casually made a list of them. and planned a detailed
retaliation scheme to venge himself. llt‘ llrttlllle historical ego to tape all oi his conversations.
and despite their incriminating content, tlirl not have the ability to eradicate any recorded relic of
him, Power corrupted him. or merely irrourjlrt out the corruption already existing internally.
Either way. it was a potent catalyst for iltt' itit’litmorpliOSlS of a personality into one whose drive
in life was the complete and cruel control lot the sake of petty security.

is power a response to insecurity? Win rrru:i a person feel the need to control or manipulate
anotlrcr's mind into thinking that he or ~lrti rasribordinate in any way to the manipulator? Aren't
these human differences natural? And ri firm are. then isn't power a natural result? To a certain
extent. there is a natural grouping oi lttittlrrtr~ .nto categories of "lesser" and "greater" under any
qualifier. But the snow—balling effect ts tlr.rr rirr‘ slightest of natural power can create a hideoust

nrisguarded world. cultural or religiorn lumirr

For Jim Jones. power meant lit'itrt; .rttw in command people to die. For Richard Nixon. it
meant ruling. being respected. being trurr. t? ike a king. For John Travolta or l-arrah l-awcetir
Majors. it meant holdino the hearts and w-rm. organs of youth in limbo. We can all be powerful

in some ragingch and we can an m it not tilil nl hand. Where does your power lie. and have you

tap ed it to the ri ht de ree?
" g g Jii (;

 

 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 

4.3 Sheldon siltinn next to be says that power is

 

 

' - - -- v. t..--r. our" Jr‘ 1-..-u......u..- ..

        
   

Reasons
Why

by Bob O'Brian

Well. it's not entirely easy to write on this
subject. after all. there are many uses for
powder; to diaper babies. for makeup. to inr~
pede the growth ofjock-itch. to ignite cannons
. . . Oh. power. Well. now. that's something
completely different.

Speaking oi igniting cannons. power isn't
always manifested by torched village huts and
“that smell" of carnage (i guess i could pursue
an eloquent course about the obscenity of war
and the bleak sky raining with death. but the
closest thing l‘ve ever seen to a battlefield was

my parents' bedroom after my father hadé

come home drunk one fourth of July). but'
power is the stare-down. the intimidation. that
momentary standoff that only takes . . . oh.
about a moment . . . where one person pro-
ves they have the stuff and the other is forced
to withdraw and hand over the sword.

in an attempt to provide as serious an
analysis of pov. or as f can. employing the lame
tool we use to express our emotions and our
world —A language. l have to say something
about the element of possession. “Possession
is nine-tenths of the law" or “nine-tenths oi the
problem". as one inspired ex-Beatle has said.
The person who has more oi what the other
person wants. or what the majority wants. has
powur. For example. the person who has the
means of transportation. the one with the car.
harnesses power at that moment. for as, long
as there is a premium on that mode oi
transportation (which may not be for long
given the present condition in iron where the
US will ultimately have to prove its lillll’lilft!
power)

One need not look for to notice that money
has something to do with power because
money. pieces oi paper in most cultures. is an
abstract. the concept representing possession
in its purest fornr. Money is nothing more than
an understanding betwuerr people It is the
constant. you provide the variable.

"Power corrupts and absolute power cor
rupts absolutely." said Alexander Pope and
this is true regardless oi race. creed, color, or
previous condition of servitude (oh yes. and
sex, provided that tlrreerfourths oi our state
legislatures think so in llii‘. next three years).
Power is ego. power is status. “'5 what you
make of ii. flut don't tell Tyrone. l’.S.

current times (X) voltage. I love it.

 

_._.vL... .tr-..-. n... ..

 

 

Steven Anthony Director of Post Office:

'He organizes mail delivery and post office
policy.

Harold Brink Chic] Budget O/ficer: "l have
very serious responsibilities which l don't lﬂkt'
lightly. Anything I do which has an impact on
campus means a lot to me personally."

Neil Brown Dean of Student Alfons: He's in
charge of all activities affecting student life
which are tron academic.

James Doellel'eld Director of Students
University activities and Campus Center.
"Decisions we make as an office are made in
consultation with affected people We‘ve
tirade decisions which have resulted in a more
effective office.'
Robert Ford Athletic Director: "Making
decisions give me a squeamish feeling. Who
the hell am I to make a decision which will in

fluence so many people?"

Tom Gebhal’dt indion Quad Coordinator:
"l’ower can be used for good ends or bad
ends. It really depends on the person who
holds power and what he does with it. I try to
get as much rnformation before making a deci
sion."

Gayle Grllﬂth Dutch Quad Coordinator: "I
feel I am responsible . . . I know what l'nr do-
ing and enjoy it. However. ldon't feel I'm in a
position of power."

Rodney Hart Director 0] Admissions: He
determines which prospective undergraduates

 

’

r

'i
if!)

  

James Doellcl'eld
are admitted into the university.
John Hartigan Vice President for Finance
and Business. "Making decisions is a sobering
experience one takes seriously I do not walk
away fr'onr my responsibilities at 5 p m. I think
about them. To be in an authoritative position
you lit‘lii'r plan to t’tiiltllit’l yourself mindful of
mistakes which uruld cause horrendous
results.

Jack Lester SA Lawyer: Advises students
regarding legal Issues. Represents students in
[no rlifliVi.‘ C(iliil Crises.

John Levato. Business School Adiiistii': if
you're planning to by tr business major you'll

have to see him

David Martin Vl’ for Academic Ill/airs:
Concerned with rrcrrrlerrrit: policies and mat

tors.

Vincent O'Lenry SUNYA Presi-
rlent."'l’owr.-r comes in many different ways.
Some comes lrom beng president. Other
kinds are the power to persuade and having
expertise. i don't really see myself. alone as
powerful. l use many sources. Power is not
always given to you. you must earn it."

Liz Radko Alumni Quad Coordinator:
"Decisions are not necessarily an easy thing.
You have to take individual circlmstances irrto
account. I make decisions based on all the opi~
nions of people invrrlved. l perform a type of

 

{leaning house function. so to speak. ltake in-

25 ' 
Administrat-
tors Who can

 

 

formation l'm given and put It into
form."

Stanley Schwartz Director of CUE: in
charge of undergraduate student advisement.
Patti Snyder State Quad Coordinator:
She's responsible for the overall operation of
State Quad.
Dennis Stevens Director 0/ the Plrysicar
l’lant: “Authority is responsibility and respon—

 

  

Robert Ford
siveness. The three go hand in hand. You can
have authority and be unresponsive or you
can be responsive. i tend to fall in the latter
category. I don't avoid making decisions. l
get paid to make decisions."
Kathleen Wnlremen Director 0/ Student
Accauhts

"i make my decision with inputs from all
sides. There are many different regulations I
must abide by when deciding."

  

John Welty Director of Residences: He's
concerned with all resident policies at Univer—
sity. _
Jim Williams Chie] of Security: "l'm
pleased to see a program We initiated be
enacted. Nobody's running a popularity con-
test. Some decisions people like. some they
don't."
Kenneth Wolven Dispatcher Bus Seriuce:
He schedules the buses and assigns drivers.
He's very important to people who live
downtown.
Howard Woodmft‘ Colonial Quad Coor-
dinator: “When i make decisions it feels good

 

because l've checked my sources."

  

E. Norbert Znhm

E. Norbert Zahm. UAS Manager: "i believe
under my management we've been able to run
a good business. it all begins and ends here. l
like doing it otherwise i wouldn't be doing lt."

 

 

Iniormaiion researched by Laura
Florentino (:an Sylulu Sounders. )

r
i
l
i
r
l
i

 

 

 

