Dear th‘ runttntn-d Irnrn l'l73

Remember me? 1 used to be your brother Bill. The guy who took you to the circus
_ . w way from home. i miss you kid.
lm really sorry i didn't Write to you. Mom, t it wasn't cool til now. How is
Mom? And how is Dad? I really miss them. too. Don't show them this letter though.
just tell them you heard l was doing fine and l am. i work on a farm. a really great one.
with horses and you‘d love it. it gets real cold up here in winter. 1 freeze even under
thick clothes. Remember how freezing it was when.we all went skiing after Dad won
that bet on the ‘69 Mets? That was a really bizarre weekend come to think of it.

Anyway. it‘s even colder here. i hope to see you soon. kid. Gottago.
Keep the Faith.
Bill

No return addre 55. After four years.

l couldn't believe that Dad actually lent me the car. it was definitely out of Father
Knows Best. I felt like Bud on his first date. But everything had to be perfect. We had
an early spring in 1974 so even in mid March the air was warm with a slight chill so that
if we'd go out walking she'd want to nestle close to me. While shaving what few hairs i
had on my face i checked the sky. An eternity of stars. lcouldn't believe it. God did his
part and now the ball was passed to me. After about an hour and a half of brushing
and wiping and spraying and combing and huttoning and unbuttoning and zipping l
was ready.

Seeing her in front of her house wearing a mosaic peasant dress and tan boots and
her hair. her soft sweet hair flowing on to her jacket. i thought l was seeing the most
beautiful living creature ever to blossom out of this earth. My heart was a marching
band, but my hands were two soggy wash towels.

We just rode. i forgot where i wanted to take her. probably a movie. but we rode for
hours listening to the radio which was mostly from Elton John's Goodbye Yellow Brick
Road album. Around eleven o'clock we parked on a dark street overlooking a bay.
God, i thought, how corny can you get. And then. perfectly. the song “Harmony”
came on and we both just looked at each other. Her eyes seem to glow. i thought
about eyes a lot after that. They always seem different with a girl right before you kiss
her. There was a delicate. and yet eternal. shine in Kathy Lurie's eyes. and as the song
ended l leaned over and kissed her on the mouth. Bob had hinted at techniques of
opening a girl’s mouth and slipping the tongue in assorted and varied ways. but with
her lips closed and soft, and my lips next to them i felt so at home. wherever home
was i found it kissing this girl. Kathy Lurie.

That summer i spent discovering the other sex. Kath and i went to the beach or just
hung out every single day, And every night we'd do nething. A lot of the time we'
ask each other "what do you want to do" and by the time we decided. it was too late. l
began to miss the guys. Bob would make. some stupid remark every rare time we met
like “where's your better half?" or “when's the big date?" You see. Bob was a movie
fanatic and just about everything he'd every say came frorn some ridiculous movie.
But that was Bob.

As for Kathy Lurie and i, we were not destined to hr. 15 eternal as our first kiss. We
broke. up on August ninth. the day Nixon resigned, because. she said. the magic had

relationship. After arguing with hvr for three tours on the phone, and
agr . Losing a president an '
That night Hob untl l stole a
frttht‘r's liquor cabinet. We climbed

gone out of our
then lamenting to myself for the next three months. i

girlfriend in one day was a traumatic owl “MVP for ttt(I_

bottle of vodka and a bottle of verrnoutlt front ltl‘.
country club to get to this big pt .ol
dom giggling, we: I drunk on sour rnartir

. r.

and. sitting in the shallow and

ils. Another first.
tllllllllt'tl on t‘lllr

over the fence of the
of the water. stifling our ran

EM ' i" I” “IQ "Ana

by Cllii Sloan ~-

“if you (Paul McCartney) look back on the
Beatles‘ albums. good or bad or whatever you
think of them, you'll find that most times if
anybody has gotten extra time it's you! For no
other reason than you worked it like that. Now
when we get into a studio l donlt want to go
through games with you to get space on the
album. yer know! i don't want to go through a
little maneuvering. or whatever level it's on. to
get time."

— John Lennon, Sept. 1969
it was six months later (April 10, 1970) that
Paul McCartney announced he was leaving
r the Beatles "because of personal. musical. and
business differences." The sterile halo which
cradled the kingdom of Beatlemania melted as
the world's youth did double takes at the
headlines, mourning the death of a seemingly
invincible legend. But even before the death
certificate was signed. 5 self proclaimed heirs
took the crown and placed it on the head of
their leader. He was called "Lucifer " or
“Jumptn' Jack Flash." and by 1975. to
King Bee." Call him what you will. Mick Jag-
ger and the Stones entered the 70's in a whirl-
wind of class A rock and ecstatic trauma that
raised eyebrows all over the world. 190‘)
{mind the Stones to be the cornerstone of two
deaths. the drug overdose of guitarist Brian
Jung,“ and the murder of 28 year old
MQH'tlllll llunter at a Stones concert in Alta-
llltllll. ("rillfornia by the Hells Angels. Amidst
mu (1mg ridden violence between 1968 and
W72 mute five of rocks finest hours: Beggars
Hurtqut't. Let it Bleed, Get Yer Ya Ya's Out.
Through the Past Darkly, and Sticky Fingers.

'l'ypt-cast as social outlaws. Jagger and the

Stones played it to the hilt and quickly rose as
the demonic princes of rock.
“This album (Sticky Fingers) abounds with

so many overt drug references that it seems

likely should you lick the label or sniff the
sleeve, you'd probably get off for the rest of
the week". wrote Roy Carr, author of “The
Rolling Stones. an illustrated record".

"We're very Stones influenced . . . i mean
one of my favorite guitarists is Keith Richard. i
tend to play a bit like him . . . l pinched my
arm swinging movement from him."

—~ Pete Townshend l‘l72

“Mick Jagger is the perfect pop star. '
nobody more perfect than Jagger. He ,
he's ugly-attractive. he's brilliant. The Rolling
Stones are the perfect pop group. The Beatles
were a bit show-hi2, but the Stones. they just
don't give a shit."

—-- Elton John. 1972

The formula and attitude was simple: “I
need a kick in the ass, but there's no one who
cart do it "

77 Mick Jagger

The door to the future of the 70‘s rock
opened when in 1972. a space ship landed
out came a colorful. futuristic creature who
looked like a woman but bore the name of a
man. wearing makeup. high heeled slums.
and the audacity to boast of homosexuality
when it was too boastful a characteristic. His
name was Ziggy . ardust and rock would
never by the same. The music was electric

powr'rrcltord flash rock, seasoned with space

age symbolism and anti-social lyrics And as .

the sleeve suggests, this music was “to be
played at maximum volume." Bowie gave
birth to theatrical rock, appearing in women's
attire or merely a jock strap on stage. perform-
ing conceptual musical shows. Within a year.
the rest of the musical world caught up to
Bowie (an endless chase it seems even to this
day). and “glitter rock" was in control. Enter
Queen. Mott the Hoople. and T. Rex; plaf~
form boots, glitter suits, the more outrageous,
the better. There were no more concerts.

Rather. they became rock shows.
continued on next page

5-171 could stick my pen in my heart, lyrics with blood on '
page. would it satisfy ya, could I slide it by ya, would”; I
think the boy's strange? Ain't he strange . .I .' If I could stick '-
my knife in my heart, auiciJe right on the stage. would it be 
enough for your teenage lust, would it help to area the
pain, ease your brain. 1 know it's only rock ‘n'lr‘oll,,but I like
"f" ‘ Mick 3.9901:

 

