 

 

”" w w . ..-,..m...........-....v7::J:
H "7 "M" """"’ " “"‘W’ :‘~':1:‘:..::. . .'.. . . . M.-. .. ...

 

 

' i ' C ' Dippikill
‘ '  * o o

2 - 5 Pas: trons

JOB DESCRIPTION: 4

Manual labor consisting primarily of land clearing, log handling and

routine maintenance at Camp Dippikill. Firewood for6 lodges Will be

remoVed from the camp woodlot and stacked in the sheds. Most ofthe

log cabins will receive a coat of preservative and many other minor
maintenance chores will be performed. Pending the outcome of the

Student Referendum of April 23-25. work will begin on the clearing
‘and log preparation for the two new log facilities.

 

JOB LOCATION:
Camp Dippikill. 70 miles north of SUNYA. in the southern
Adirondack Mountains near Warrensburg, New York.
PERIOD OF EMPLOYMENT:
ll weeks - June 4 through August 17. 1979.
SALARY:
Sl.276./summcr - $2.90/hr.
WHO MAY APPLY:
SUNYA undergraduate students having paid student tax.
SPECIAL QUALIFICATIONS:
The applicant should be in good physical condition and be willing to
work hard out of doors all day. Applicants with prior experience in
any ofthc building trades: in chain saw and log work. or iii grounds
and building maintenance will be preferred. The camp is located in a
rather isolated location with stores and social lite Iltll within walking
distance.
ROOM AND BOARD:
Free lodging is provided at 'l he (ilen House. one of the Camp’s lodges.
Board is not provided. but this. house has a large community kitchen
with ample food storage facilities.
WHERE & WHEN TO APPLY:
Applications may be picked up in the SA olliec (room ('('»ll()i and
iiittst be returned to that olfice lielorc 4'00 pin lltttt\tl.t_\. April It»
INTERVIHVS:
Requrr'ed lot top applicants, Will be held on Monday. April lit
A(‘(‘l~1l"l‘AN('E N()'l'l( l'i:
(:nen on or belore l-riday. May 4, -\ complete list ol .rltcriiirres.rrid
ttose not qualtlretl will be posted iii the SA tllllL‘t.‘ tlll May 4

 

 

  
 
 
 
 
   
   
  

Holocaust Memorial Day
( Y om Hashoah)
. Tuesday, April 24
7:30 P.M. LC 3(note change)

 

Featuring:

l.) Films-

Night and Fog -considered a classic in presenting
the awful truths of the Nari Concentration (“.inrrr
experience. V

Signet. Signet- Elie Wiesel returns to his “time
Hungary to reflect upon his c.\pcrierrcc.s under the
third rcich.

2.) Speaker -

I)l'. Leland White - The Coirrrrriiirding \ IL‘L' oi liit‘

holocaust.

ll 75 DA NE N0 T I“()R(.'I:”I '.’.’

.\/m/rwrr'i//rr /\t [F
S l / n

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

EDITORS ME
ALL ARE WELCOME

THE SUBMISSION . This

 

PHOENIX
the literary - art magazine

 

FINAL. CALL - for all poems, essays, short stories
photographs
" ‘  graphics '
DEADLINE IS TUESDAY, APRIL. 24

ETING -
TO ATTEND AND DISCUSS

meeting - We will read and discuss the material,

For. Info, callBETH a

will be a marathon

 

 

t 457-6542 9-5 daily

 

-'t ﬁr...

 

  

_ , .  .'.'.‘.'t:.-..-'_'.:.:. 

Once again. the Capital District has
been treated to the polished professional
play that is increasingly frequenting the
area. Thursday night. at the l-lullabtrloo. '
Aztec Two-Step sang and strrimmed
away the affections of their audience.
Rex Fowler and Neal Shttlman played
two sets which concentrated on their
older material. returning to a mostly
acoustic presentation.

Jaik Kutner

A/tec was briefly plreltrdcd by Russ
Kennedy. a l'olky' singer. who was backed
by a rrotlrcr'acoustic guitarist and a feiira lc
Irarmoirist. l-lis sct wits pleasant. htrt
uneventful. It included original material
as well as old favorites. such as \'an
Morrison‘s “Mooitduirce.”

disappointing. Proper emphasis and
rntonations accented the lyrics. most of
which he writes himself. Neal. on the
other hand. is by far the superior
guitarist. Whether delicately “painting
pictures“ on the acoustic guitar on songs
like “Faster Gun “ and “Highway Song".
or wailing on the electric for “Brand
New" and “l‘m in Love Again". Neal is
truly a master. The harmonics of the duo
were as stroitgas usual. 'l'lrey rely on both
of their voices for about half of their
lyrics aird sometimes go to three part
harmonies with Rtrrirarn contributing. it
was harmony at its best.cspcciallydtiring
the surprise selection of their encore. 'l hi:
Retrtlcs' “This lloy

 

 

  

A/tee‘s interaction with their audience
is olniotisly the result ol year's ol club

Shortly. A/tec 'lwo~Stcp took their experience. Res and Neal hotli tails
places. With no introduction. they conrlor'tirbly with the audience. bttt
opened with a vibrant \crsion ol"‘(ioing l'owlcr has the doirriirriting' stage

presence. lle struts and flirts. joking
constantly. .

This attitude is apparent when they
iirtrodtrcc their corrrpos ions. llreii'
classic uRaking" was introduced as their
"socially ii'r'clc\iint" song
women‘s lib. written in IUots'"). "lluirii‘l.\

on Saturday." lr'onr their Second Sly/r
l.l’. Then. they set the pattern for the rest
of the eycning. mming from .solt |o\c
songstind ballads to fast-moying rockers.

In this club setting it was questionable
whether Neal and Rex would appear
aloire. or be accompanied by the birnd

(“beloi'c

with whom they recorded their last l)umpty" unsuirrodriccd with torrgucin
album.sir/joiningSui/rut.Neitlreroftlresc cthls its "ir true story. that really
alternatives proved to be the case, happened.“

Rather. two very capable musicians llrc group's song selection relied
accompanied the duo. Marshall heinin on their earlier albtrirrs.

peilorrriirrg most ol the songs lr'orn thc
lirst two releases lllltl inoie than hall ol
the cuts lronr /li'tt ‘\ ( iIIII/ltlllt‘. llicir third
album. interestingly. in the absence ol
their band they almost totally a\ordcd the
.-tr//oi'm'/ig .S'iu'lt'r release. "I ooking
Glass" nus pei'lormed. though in their
second (and last lL‘ItL‘ttt'L‘.tI:ttl bordered on
heiny metal. with Neal ollci ing ttist.lorid
licks on electric guitar.

Rosenberg played drums. congas. and
assorted chimes. ()n bass and flute was
Jerry lltrrnam. Roth individuals offered
more than just a backdrop. particularly
when Rosenberg was playing the congns
aird Burnam the fltitc.

The stage and the show. however.
clearly belonged to Fowlerand Shulman.
Rex is the fcattrrcd vocalist between the
two. and his voice. for the most part. was

The highlights oftlre night were the too
real “Cockroach Cacophony“ from the
first album and “Cosmos Lady"from the
second. .Both songs seemed to be
arranged with a little morceffort than the
rest. with pleasant results.

The show. though. was not without
fault. At times the absence of a full band
was truly missed. This was especially
noticablc iii cuts from the 'Iir‘ofr'
(‘oiii/miri'albrrm. where the more electric
sound present on record was not
duplicated iii the live erl'orrrtancc. The

 

«‘7 v'vpuykj‘s’" . ,M r

 

 

 

W Aztec Two Step/1t The Hullabdlloo

result wasa rather flat sound.makingthe
songs uninteresting. Also disappointing
was an excessively long intermission
between sets.

Overall. however. thcrshow must be I

considered a success. The crowd was both
attentive and enthusiastic during most of
the selections. Aztec Two-Step has been
arourtd for quite a long timcttnd scents to
still be going strong. When chand Neal
sing “We a re singers all“ they receivc no
a ‘ ents.

 

The heart of Aztec Two Step, who were at the Hullabaloo

 

 

 

 

 

ludas Pries tears ff the cloth
and puts on the leather.

Judas Priest brandishesftheLleeatrher'and makes you like it on their
‘  ell Bent or at er. .

mud legriditties including their English smash-Single .
"Take on the World" and a killer cover of the original Fleetwood Mac 5
“The Green Manalishi (with the Two—Pronged Crown) comprise an
album that is, we confess. the ﬁnal catechism In stomp-rotii‘cb th

Lead singer and whip wielder Robert Halford. ﬂank y ([3]
twin lead guitars of KK Downing and Glenn Tlpton, ﬁays up ifinougon
excitement on stage and on record to get everybody qurve  l
the beat- Down on your knees and repent If you p ease

1' ludas Priest Is bent! “Hell Bent for leather."

0n Columbla Records and Tapes.

"Columbia:v  are trademarks oi CBS Inc. ©1979 CBS inc.

Appearing at Mt. Scotts, Aprll 21.

Avallable at lust-a-song and at Musle Shack In Troy

A ndrea,

 

Trust me just once, ] know
what I ’In doing — It’ll really
for the best.

Love, Robin

 

Greyhound’s
quick cure for
the book blues.

 

But you can

of good.

The book blocs It's those sleepless nights wrtir visions of '
exams. pop tests and required reading dancrng through your
tread They just won't go away
With Greyhound. Take otl this weekend. visrt
your tamrly. see your tricnds . . , psi get out of town and leave the
book blues behind. it doesn't cost much and it'll do you a world

So, ii you‘ve got the book blues. get on a Greyhound and
Spill. it‘s a quick cure for what ails you.

 

One-Way Round-Trip

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

APRIL 24, 1979

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

To ' t
, . $l3.45 $25.60 to trips daily
N'Hf, d I I $r3.45 $25.60 2 trips daily
“"3"” c" ‘ l"l' $r4.95 szrms r mp dairy
5""""°'."" " ' $6.00 $ll.40 It) tripstrmryr
WWW $1 l.7t) $22.25 8 trips dain
"um." (Prices subject to change.) I
(GREYHOUND AGENT) (ADDRESS) (PHONE)
Ito-aunt
2"": ~
PAGE, NINE

‘t

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

