 

 

   

 

 

 

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘World News Briest
Pope’s Visions Leave Impact

WASHINGTON (AP) The American people —-starving for
simple truths and spiritual heroes ——‘will miss Pope John
Paul II. But in his absence. the debates he joined on his

American tour will rage. almost ertain'. u . hated by his
c y "d Nuke Protestors Change Strategy

unyielding endorsements of the traditions of the Roman
Catholic Church. While captivating millions witlt ltis love
and his soft-spoken charm. the pope was staunclt in
opposition to social changes that have changed Catholic
practice. if not policy. in tire United States. Birth control.
divorce and the role ofwontcn in his church are touchy issues
on which the pope showed no inclination toward ctrange.
The Catholic ban on birth control is almost certainly tlte
most widely disregarded of its precepts in the United States.
Cclibucy is a difﬁcult remedy for many Catholics. An
Associated Press-NBC News poll indicates that 76 percent of
the nation‘s 49-million Catholics believe one cart use
artiﬁcial methods of birth control - -- the pill. or
contraceptive devices -- and still be a good Catholic. 'l'ltis
widespread violatiort may appear minor. bttt it is
symptomatic of ll steady erosion irt trctive support of
Christianity's oldest church. The ban on divorce is another
divisive church dietitm that causes anguish to practicing
Catholics. The AP-NllC poll. condttcled in late September.
indicates that ()3 perccrtt of all Catholics believe irt divorce.
even where children are involved. The polling shows
American Catholics believe by a 53 percent to 47 percent

margin tltat priests should be allowed to marry. liirt the

thornicst and most volatile of tire issues facing tlte Catholic

Church iii the United States is the secondary role according

wotttcn in church activities. lr ' Catholics are evenly split

on the question of women priests. Forty-six percent favor a
shift irt cltttrclr policy wltilc 48 percent are opposed. a

statistically insigutlrcurtt rtirrrgtrt.

 

Fonda Hanged In Effigy

SANTA MONICA. Calif. (AP) "Guilty. gtrilty. guilty." was
the chant us about St) youthlul conservatives staged a rtiock
trial outside .lurte I5orttlu‘s home. lltc actress was llrcn

 

 

llﬂnBcd in efﬁgy. "Jane Fonda has a perfect right. to be
politically involved — and we have a perfect right to
protest," said Steve Wiley. national director of the Young
Americans for Freedom. The’ group trooped to Miss
Fonda's house over the weekend and knocked on the door,
but the actress was on an anti-nucleartour with her husband.
Tom Hayden. Miss Fonda could not be reached for
comment.

SEABROOK, N.H. (AP) Hundreds of sign-carrying
protesters walked peaceful picket lines outside [in eabrook
atomic power plant Monday iii a change oftactics aimed at
preventing workers from re-citterirtg the construction site.
About 800 of art original l.500-strong anti-nuclear force
remained at the site after state troopers and National
Guardsmen thwarted repeated attempts to occupy the
facility over tltc weekend. The protesters massed at the rnairt
gate Monday. walking picket lines or blocking the gate arid
saying they would try to keep workers froitt re~entering the
plant. The workers. ltowcver. were rtot scltedtrlcd to return
to work until ’I‘uesdrty following the Columbus Day holiday.
A fill-person contingent from a Massachusetts group called
“Amcsbtiry Parents Against Nukes" joined the protest.
Many pushed baby ctlt'rittgcs. Nearby shops reported a
booming business frorii protesters seeking dry socks artrl
flannel shirts as the temperature dropped to the low Jtls
dtrring tlte rrigltt and the low 50s on Monday. "i think we'll
tolerate this for it while." said state Attorney General
‘l'hontas Ruth. standing beliirtd llte gate with a cttrtlirtgertt of
troopers and guur'dsmeri He said he was “not terribly
conceritcd about it" as lortg its order was maintained and
traffic was kept rrtovirtg on US. Highway l outside the
coastal plant site. A single. briefnttcttipt to occupy the plant
Monday tailed :tl'ter troopers chased away about l5 people
who managed to rip dowrt rr lrrrgc section of the tl-loot chairi-
link fence surrounding the lrlll-rrct'c construction site. On
Suttrrduy and Sunday. the protesters rtiudc repeated
attempts to get inside the compound brrt \ter'edritcn back by
Still ltelrttctcd stutc ll'tltlpL‘l'S'tllltl gttardsntcn. using tear gas.
Mitcc. riot clubs and dogs. It was llte largest show of force irt
liH.‘ year‘s ot protests at the Ctiltlrtnclsittl nuclear plant site.

Nation’s Oldest Citizen Dies

BARTOW. Fla. (AP) “i know I‘m gonna die brrt I hope]
won‘t never die." Charlie Smitlt once said. “I ain‘t 5mm
about it but I know I got to go sometimes. Charlie piit death
offtwicc as long as most before his time finally ‘ttlttc. M 137‘
he was believed to be the nation's oldest ciiiren, 1.1mm]
arrangements for the former slave were to be completed
today. He died quietly Friday at the Barlow Coth'ttlcsccnl
Center. Doctors said it was old age. During .1 “mm”
autopsy an old btillet was discovered lodged against SlltilhK
spine. said Dr. Robert Ramsey. lie said the bttllet appeared
to be a .45-caliber slug rind was “something he's h...”
carrying with ltim fora longtime." Ramsey said the bullet
would be turned over to police experts to llCIL'l'lllllll' tit
origin. X-rays ltud sltown htillet fragments iit his abdomen.
but the bullet was not fotrnd until the autopsy. wt...” “IL.
Social Security Administration was tryirtg to lltK‘llmL-m
some of Smith's stories. they fouitd lie was willing to answer
all questions except two: why ltc left 'l’exas and lit)“ ht- g.“ I
shot. Charlie‘s colorful stories wort ltirtt nearly as much
notoriety irt this central Florida contrtrttriity its in.
remarkable age. He told of being lured front his ritrtne
Liberia by slave traders irt |854 with protttises ol “hitter
trees“ dripping with syrup.

Sadat Unveils Ancient Mummy

CAIRO. Egypt (AP) President Anwar' Sadat lltt\cilt'tl lllt'
ntuntmy of Ramses II. a Pharaoh who signed the lltsl
recorded Mideast peace pact more than 3.200 years ago.
l'rnntpets sounded a salute for the dead Monday as Sudul
stripped the blue-arid-gold velvet covering critbla/orted “till
a lotus flower from the showcase holding the presencd lltlll_\
ol one of Egypt‘s rrtost famous kings. 'l'lre cercrrtony. Ill llli'
Egyptian museum irt central Cairo. marks the first pnhht
display of the royal nttrrirrtty since it was llowrr to l‘lilllLt'
three years ago for treatment of fungus and pttlttsitcs that
\vcre gradually destroying it. "I rim happy. . . l lltI\L' seen
the kirtg and the first treaty betwcert ligypt and its iterghboo
\\llt.‘t‘L‘ the word peace and brotherhood lune llt‘l (I
mentioned." Sadat told reporters.

 

 

 

.. .r- w. -t.....7..u a. ._.__ .... ,,.....__ ... A. . _ ..  ,.. ,.

 

 

 

 

 

 

_ J

 

 

Register Your Valuables!

Alumni-Pittman Schedule

SllNYA Public Strict) Department ()lliccr (itrry
O'Connor has announced the corrtrttcrtccrucnt ol ()pcration
Identification on Alurttrri Quad and at l’iltmau llull.
Students residing on the rrptowrt ottrtdr'arrgles will be
participating in tltc project over the ne.\t two weeks. irt
accordance with a schedule recently printed iii the .vlSI'.

During the course ol the proicct. students will ctigrrrtc
their valuables with a serial number. making them traceable
to the owrter anywhere they rre Iound. llte iderttiltuble
nature of engraved itcrtts reduces the likelihood ol theft.

Public Safety officers will make cugtmcrs nurrlrrblc to
students at llte following titties and locations:

 

 

 

 

Monday October 22 Aldert Hull 7 I‘M-I [:30 PM
Tuesday October 23 Waterbury Hull 7 l’M~| |:,lll
Wednesday October 24 lirubnclter llull ‘) l’M-l AM
Thursday October 25 .‘ ‘lcs Hull 7 |’M—||:.'ll)|'M
Sunday October 2X Pierce Hall '7 l’M-l lzltl PM
Monday October 2‘) Pittman Hall 7 I‘M-l l:.lt) PM

Dates and times for Operation ll)ut the Hotel Wellington
will be announced shortly.

25 Schools At Pro-Law Fair

October 20 is the date to remember. ()rie neck front
Saturday. SUNYA‘s first annual prc-law lair will trike place
from if AM to 30 I'M in the Campus Center lirillr'oortt.
Plans for the cvertt irieltide representatives ot'lS American
law schools and three Law School Admission fest (l SAI)
preparation centers.

Representatives will have itt lrartd catalogues and u
storehouse of inlor'rrtrrtiott. ranging front application
procedures to student housing,

“There are certain questions you can't have answered iii u
catalogue." said Prc-erw Association President llr'ad
Rothbaum. “You have to speak to it representative front tire
school. Once you've been rtotilied of your various
acceptances, it will make it easier to decide which scltool to
go to."

Rotltbaurtr is especially pleased that rnarty lawsehools are
sending their deans or assistant deans as representatives.
even though this is SUNYA's ﬁrst prc-law fair.

The fair will be funded jointly by SA. the Prc-l.aw
Association. the Classes of Will) and l‘)lll and SUNYA's
Office of University Affairs.

 

 

 

GETTING
.FtLlTTLE _

 

Accordittg to Rotltbrtrrot. the pic-law l'ntt‘ i\ttll attempt on
the hurt of the Pt'c-l an '\\\t|t'ttllltttl to increase SUNYA
programs geared to \ltltlctth headed for |u\\ school. With the
luck of a specific pr'c-luw cut'tictllutrt at SllNYA.
opportunities for such students are setercly tilllllllhllctl. be
stllLl. _

" I'lte Business School: the) lime c\cr‘_\t|tirig here." said
Rotltbuitrrt. “ l'lrc) ‘tc the pi idc ol the school. | tlrrrtk it's ltltlll
lrruc tltc |1lt‘<lll\\ students on tlriscarrrpus get u Irrrr shake \i'e
want something titorc tltuu inst a speaker at it tiicetirrg."

Among the schools to be represented .il the pic-la“ luir
are lltll\tlttl lltrrtt‘i‘sit}. Yule l'ni\cr\il_\. (ieor'gctourr.
llostou. Syracuse. \‘illrinour. lctriplc. Sl'\\' lirtltulo.

' lllli\L‘I\ll) of Mankind. l'nitcrsrh ol rlte
l‘rrcilic. ('atliloinitt Wcstcrn and Southwestern nu
Schools. Represetttalncs ol lltt‘ Stanley Krrpltrn.Sc\tonand
Atlclphr liltiu‘INll) ISA] preparation programs\\il|:rl\obc
pt'cscltt.

 

Decimal Delusion

Au articlc itr Friday's issue of the nlSl' erroneously
reported that the lowest asbestos concentration found on
cttiliptts was .lltl7ll litters per cubic L‘L‘lllilttt‘lch leel

In actuality. that Irgure nus the highest eorrrtt tecrttdcrl of
asbestos content. llte lowest was .0009 per cc.

Telethon Walks To $3,000 W

l he power ol the foot! 'I banks to o\cr' 200 SUNYA ll‘t'l
Sllllitl will be donated to tltc \Viltlwood Scltool tor
l)c\clopntcrrlully llattdicuppcd arid the SUNYA llrrr
llrotlict' Big Sister l’r‘ogrurrt. lltc approximate llgtllt‘ ol
$3.000 was a result of 'l'clctltort Xll‘s \ankathon .logutlrotr
last Saturday. the merit. which was covered on the l l p in.
channel l] news. was highlighted by the appearance ol
SllNYA president Vincent ()‘lcnry at llte onset oftltc \mlk

A party. complete with food. refreshments and the
SUNth Pep Baird. was held rttidpoirit lll tltc ltllllt' Ill
Washington Park. 'l'clcthon ltll's ctr-chairs Stuart (itttskllt
.irtd Mrrrlcne Micltnelson expressed their gr'nritutc to lltt'
walkers who irrcltidcd sc\ci‘u| groups of frutcrnttrc» .lllll
dorms. us well as children front tltc \\’tld\sood School .ttltl
\olrrntccr's of the Big Brother liig Sister l’rogrurrt

 

Quad Parade For Homecoming

Join the celebration! A parade. coritplete \\rllr lltl.ll\ .rtrd
banners “I” proceed around Colonial and Dutrh Ullr“ “m
l’rtdu) etching. ()etobcr I] [ht- l’cp t.rll_\, \liIrtl‘urlHl li\
'“lt‘l Qllml ('ourtcrl and the ()It ('ttlllptts awn I.tlItIll hill be
held lll ltottor of the St‘\'\',\ (“ml t).....»' .irrtittttl
h“”‘""””"“t—'A According to Dutch Quad llmllil \“"
l’rcsidcut. Mickey larptuiun. attendance ol “W” l‘
L‘\pL‘L‘lr.‘d. l'i'sliulit‘s \\ill itt'gitt ill 7 (l1) p in “till .i p.rr.rrlt‘

'L'Ml'ls from the (‘ircte and [lltich‘tlltlL'ititilltltlf trllrlllJl-Illll
Dutch Qtltltls. ending behind the Campus ( 'cnict \l.rrt hers
“I” hate their hands \ltllllpL‘ll. entitling lllt‘llt to llt‘t'

It'ershntcnrs. :\ tlrun lot: for .10 lice balloon lltir‘s or” dis” N
“(M "“""l"‘.‘ of llrrlloort ('ontrrtrlttdt't l>.r\ul ix l’t't'l‘ll‘

 

 

 

PAGE TWO

   

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

O CTOBER 9. l979

r
r

 

 

 

 

LSImya News Haiti:J

 

  

Student Dwellings Corporation Pres
Not out for "typical land/0rd proﬁt"

 ‘V
. a ‘

 

ldent John Taphom

Photo: Karl Chart

 

.-.-.r-.-~.‘.'n-‘..... Inaouvnllov'vv ' ¢.,._.,. . -.-. .

Student Dwelling   .

   

.'-U.U0r‘.'.t-l.~al.v.-:u.v.-A75I,v,1.I.'

v.-.I “runny-t.“ .

 

 

Will seek More Economical Housing

by Beth Setter ~

As a result ofa $5.600 deﬁcit. the
Student Dwellings Corporation
Board of Directors has decided to
sell 'two downtown apartment
buildings.

According to Corporation
President John Taphorn. the
decision to sell the buildings. located
at 3|4 and 316 Hudson Street. was
announced at a Corporation
meeting last Wednesday night.

“We have decided to put Student
Dwellings on to multiple listings
open to all realtors.“ said Taphom.
The move will Enable the
Corporation to receive estimations
of the buildings‘ market value.

Student Dwellings Corporation

Administration Filling V.P. Seats

 

To Be Chosen From Four Finalists

by David Bregman

SUNYA's two vacartt vice
president seats may soon be ﬁlled.
The searclt is on for crittdidatcs for
Vice President for Planning and
Resource Developntcrtt arid Vice
President for Research and
Graduate Studies.

The forrttcr is a new position. for
which fotrr ﬁnalists are presently
being interviewed. The finalists were
clrosert from art applicant pool of
over 85 candidates. According to
Search Coinntittce Chair John
Roscnbuch. final decisions will not
be made for several weeks.

SUNYA Presidential Assistant
Frederick Volkwcin said that
candidates for the Office for
Planning and Rcsotircc Develop-
trten.t will be visiting the campus to
meet with various officials.

“individuals being sought for the
job will usually wartt to visit the
University for an extended period of
tirttc before deciding whether tltcy
are really interested." ltc said.

SA representatives Jason
Werthcint, Tito Mrtrtirre/.rtrrtl Craig
Weinstock have assisted trttiversity
officials irt choosing the new vice
president. The committee will

determine if the candidates‘ views

 

 

 

[if V “I
brillllillfllll/li

tr it]

I
lo

I . .
William

 

are consistent with those of
undergraduate students.

The new vice president will
supervise such offices as the
Computer Center. the Ofﬁce of
Space Planning arid Equipment
Management. and the Ofﬁce of
Admissions artd Records.

in addition. tltc candidate chosen
will coordinate SUNYA activities
with the goal of niaiutaininga stable
budget. according to a search
committee statement. The new vice

 

  

The living roomof it typical off-campus apartment.
The four itrrrr/ttlrrl rr.rirlr'nl.r arefat'ing prob/ems.

OCTOBER 9. r979

president will also be responsible for
putting university rcsources“to their
best possible use."

Acting Vice President for
Research arid Gradtrate Studies
Hedberg s presently
eltairing a search corttrrtittec seeking
to fill his position on a perrttanent
basis. After Hedberg placed
advertisements for political
candidates irt professional journals.
S ‘ ‘ 5, Professor Richard Hull
compiled a list of those applicants
wlto did not iriect the position's
stated requirements.

According to Hedberg. the new
vice president will be responsible for
seeking funds front private and
government sources and coordinat-
ing campusactivitres. in addition. lie
will serve as Dcart of the Graduate
School and must work well with llte
faculty members.

Outgoing Vice President for
Research and Graduate Studies
Louis Strlkcvcr will become a
member of the Dcpartrttcnt of
Continuing Studies. working part-
tinte with students in Economics
Department degree programs.
Salkevcr is also “taking tinte off to
do some writing."

by Laura It‘iorentino

In an effort to repeal the City of
Albany “anti—grouper" law.
SUNYA‘s Off Campus Association
(OCA) has started a major pctitiort
drive.

According to OCA Pctitiott
Coordinator Kathy Levine.
approximately 500 people have

signed the petition so far.

“We will be lit the Cr_tmpus Center
lobby all week iii art attempt to
educate the students about the anti-
grouper law. said Levine. “Most
students don‘t krtow about llte law
arid we ltope we cart irtforrn as many
students as possible."

The pctitiou's statement reads.
“We the undersigned demand that
our president. Vincent O'Leary,
support its in our efforts to reperil
the anti-grouper law and will ritcct
with members oftltc student bodyin
this matter."

purchased the browitstones two
years ago in an attempt to alleviatea
severe shortage of student housing
both on and off campus. Taphom
explained that the Corporation
lacks sufﬁcient funds to the two
buildings.

According to Off Campus
Housing Office Director Frank
Green. the Board is “looking into
other properties available around
the city. Calling the Board “in a
transition period". lte added that
while rcaltors ltave been contacted
to discuss purchasing property.
while no deﬁrtitc action has been
taken.

“We‘re trying to follow ntore than
one path by looking into other

 

Search C ' Chair John Ros

Final (lair-ions will not be made for several weeks.

“We ttecd to gain University
support before 'we bring our
proposal to the city." said OCA

Coordinator John Kennedy. “if we
ltave their backing we will ltave a
better chance of making a case with
the city.“

The anti—grouper law states that
no rirorc than three unrelated
individuals may legally live together
irt one apartment.

According to OCA President Site
Seligsort. llte organivation has been
trying to change the law since l974.
"We feel this law is unjust because it
limits the amount of people iii an
apartment regardless of the space
per bedroom," site said.

OCA is also in the process of
drawing up a proposal to repeal the
anti-grouper law and replace it with
a limitation of space requirement.
According to Seligson. its basic

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

in». li'r't

l

‘t i'i .‘.'-..

housing‘ possibilities.“ said
Taphom.

He added that a long range goal is
to hire a contractor to renovate a
building. Student Dwellings.
however. would be responsible for
managing and renting the
apartment.

“Student Dwellings is not out for
typical landlord profit." said
Taphom. “We would like to put too
percent earnings back into student
apartments.“ The Corporation is
also concerned with providing
housing at rents which will not be
prohibitive to students.

According to Taphom. the Board
will next meet in early November.
when it will establish this year‘s
membership.

 

l L

Pita/o: Caro/y" .
Sedgewr‘ck

 Off Campus Association
Petitioning Anti-Grouper Laws

goals include laying down a
minimum space requirement per
person. to have the numb-z of
students allowed in the apartment
stated iii the certificate ofoccupanc'.
and to have this certificate attached
to the lease.

This proposal will first go to
SUNYA administrators and then to
the neighborhood associations. The
local groups will determine witctlter
any of the pr'oposal‘s rnaitt goals are
contrary to their needs. After niiitor
revisions. the proposal will finally be
sent to city officials.

According to Seligsort. the
proposal will be unveiled at a
general interest tricetirtg tomorrow
at 2:30 in the Campus Center
Ballroom. “This ntceting is of
importance to all students since it
will affect the future h0using
environntent in Albany." she said.

l rafts IHREE' ‘

     

 

 

 

