 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
  

{Eitrin s cassroom, n 7‘ la. e” e‘ t ‘

air in the histor ' ' es ' s

hopes of amadilygokfujirxtlltgraders. l, in this dream, was firing spitballs at her in it
words‘ Bl” it was nm ms e;1tlon away from the blackboard, chalk filled with nutfe
of her new in drippy droorgyzlroa: one'partlcularly gooey wad splattered over the has:

moi ‘ 1
of my bro‘her‘ Bill. on I was tugged out of my ecstasy by the hands
Bill was ei h

g teen. H)
hm he gm fed up w“; whats fabout to graduate high school and go to college next f ll
System. There was a bk c ascist pigs and war mongers who ran the edu t‘ a
was saying ddmﬂ. ‘ H _Ii argument downstairs. Dad was calling Bill “1 'e l " ca lonal
something and I  rim that. Bill was shouting something sometlhirn“ 8nd MOI.“
worked Ma“ y (slctlryigg tlo get me some sleep It's rough when y  ambedla

) car 0 w 0 ms! 1 _ .' . ou re an over-
hard cm)“ I o th up at seven in tli 1 '

‘ Whe ) ' c mornin for .‘ ‘
eleven a“(19”le\A/i22rt(:i:y movcd Star Trek to ten Sunday nights. gut noﬁiiihffdl 1“ was
a 5mm called Kcm iln(l:21i;:i:i:1|itg ablout stuff that I had no idea about I nevelrlvas [3185i
I care a Mini ‘i n ’ ‘ I I ’ war 0
dhom remcmberm ( )untry called Vietn l

9 mm the U N In 1 12. am, was more worried
and m“ H“ J I ’ ' ‘ . . at d member nations no ' r
CheCk: m5 Lk nlitcd btates had the most democratic govei'nnicnrtk'mT {or wurkl Du
. ( z ‘r ) 

balm,” Iia much. though I could never remenil ‘ W m “Tory he

é  ilrotlked. Bill knew about those things JG] madly haw Che

-o ina y get to ileep 'iiid ' ' T T I

 ~  i ‘ifliitt -tr-~) '

C )1 g H g int. ( .ccnt dreim ' *

“VG! yup. kid. he says handing me my pants andt'i “lw'lhen Bl” wakes me.

n t'dl who. who what." 1 ani bewildered T I a mt,

Let s go to the movies. .
for a kid. We'd always
Guidance System. V

   
   

ace,
Cause of
cks and

" he st in r '

30 10 ml :1 Dillllug off my pajan'ias. Bill was a grmt hmih

. ’, ovies, especi’ill 'f 1‘ ' ' ' ‘ er

hm mm m I t y a tci a ftglit With the J- i

and we Slid down [he bk I: )y) not at a quarter to midnight, In seconds i wt. Ifmnml

bIOCk away SO we w I _i rcc outside my window. The Central T] , d5 ( mssed

T caug it the midnight show of F' I E a 1' later was only a
old Me. “K’ "W 1'95“ “ml Lies My Firth

When that l T W

guy told the waitresst ‘

Five Fusy Piece ‘ _ 0 stick that chicken san l ‘

‘ )5 _ that _ ’ . ( Wich betwe) i ) ,u
bought some ratsinets inffil)5 fhle ms“ we bmh liked that movm a 1m Night” mm” In
visit some aunt I never l " Ld (“by and Bi” 'Old me he had 10 go calTidT { I ended we
Said, “I really have to Hilclar of, and that he had to leave tonight "i’vcx rd or a Thu}? to
me and held me a d e bent down to his knees so we were eye toL 301 lift). kid! he

n V 1 ‘ e e.
he kissed me on the 10::lehdc ushers looking at us and l wished he WOde ‘te llqued
was WEI He Stood up I C‘Laldal'm gag/U ""3 a “me to give to Mom and Daiiolp‘l Tfhen
i , . ou ieart e next ' l ‘ ' is ace
theater lewm V ‘ picture starting as Bill W' »
The wrinng [Te indtlic lzbby holding a box of raisinets and wavinglktull tom 0' the
. ’ asse n a aze of baseb II 1 I T a 1 m.
Junk ‘ _ ’ I a . iody surfim , 'ind *' " 1
[O "i it; lldlghletartcd there was a special meeting in the aluditorliulng‘ Hm night be
of II. I ‘oho oring speakers talked to us and I counted the se‘ tl'm'
urkic au itortum a'tall black man with a beard and a bald la:
n. itnwith patches of the African continent. and a black IL
jar. agtcarne tn Willi a white woman. He jumped on tht
( ience. ie V' s W ‘ <" 5
View "n "VIIIOIh nch must stop, he said, and words came rushing out of l '
t , r _" t ‘ -- ‘ T L i ,-
(“dlﬂ I m h iiAartl lirttnlf.titli(.i King, I heai’iliusticr: amt imam)”, .mdnill [lhulird
a mu. iir w Wit It' w t‘~ finishcd l I. H. ' (an w. h)
I r . . ' tt' walked (if I '- r T I ‘
limm, Minimum! .ai iii/i ) mt Tm“

fore
“Mom dragged me
. lheii from the back
‘ ad, wearing a dentin
fist over a green, ied, and
stage and spoke to the.iiu-

Then we we.“

 

I r -:\.n‘/-:4"'.""‘”";"; W" 5’" '

 

‘i-w-o'u- it ,1, ' w '
most beau u es n Ham?

 

 

 

1"“

   
 

 
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

. _‘ ,
' Vii'i'i'i'iL-I'r'i'iﬂ is‘ii’i’iiu wrla my mgr friend in Junior High. He sat behind me in Geo'i'vii‘etry
and was a nice guy as long as you let him cheat off you on tests and gave him the
homework answers. He'd even understand if you did bad on a test score, maybe even
twice, but no more. llis brothers belonge 1 my neighborhood
d themselves The White Knights. They were
About a week after the

 

d to a group of llalians ii
who calle mostly high schooleis. btit Vin<
nie was practically a iiu'iiibui. Easter vacation Vinnie chased
after me while l was Milking home

“Hey Kirk." he huffed from the running (it irettes cut down on his wind a bit tor).

Kirk since he found out I liked Star Trek so much. He asked me to go out
with his brothers to Guisseppe's Seafood. it was real weird him
ed itlt‘ a worm because I didn't do my
I don't know why. l 10 shrugged his

 

He called me
to dinner that night
asking me that since just that afternoon he call
(his) homework. But I told him I couldn't,
shoulders. “OK, I'll see ya then." He jogged off.

The next day Vinnie didn't go to class ~- not unusual.
Italian kids were absent and so were the blacks. Bob found me by my locker. "Did you
hear," he asked grinning, “about the riot?"
"What riot?" I answered expecting some ridiculous Bob comeback.

But there really was a riot. Last night at Guisseppe's was a victory dinner for The
White Knights for one of their members who singlehandedly beat up three black kids
with a crowbar when they crossed the boundary line, There was a black gang too call-
ed The Black Stallions. The Stallions heard about the party and got together with fifty
guys to storm Guisseppe's. Cops came from all over but the rumble demolished the
crates of lobsters were thrown on to the highway, and a fire broke out,
d down, a dozen or so kids went to the
ed. A spear made of a switch blade

but more than a few of the

restaurant,
Hours later. when everything finally calme
hospital and one guy, Vinnie's cousin, got kill
strapped to a fishing pole was jammed through his back.
The war started and the word was out to black and ltalian younger brothers to lay
f kids cut out of school, but most were dying to see what was
high school was in flames. Police cars circled
riod Social "tudies when an announcement
is and wait for more announcements.
was an army of black guys and an ar-
tting trampled in the middle.
school. It was

low for a while. A lot 0
going to happen. Rurnor had it that the.
our school. I was sitting in seventh pe
came on for everyone to sit quietly in their sea
We all rushed to the windows, and outside there
my of white guys charging at each other with cops ge
Heads got busted and ambulances rode up on the grass in front of the
iriadiu-ss. We were cheering and laughing at this fat white guy who was kicked in the
face and couldn't get off the ground. Suddenly it reminded me of when me and Bob
were watching this news special with all these people getting shot and burnt and blown
es and stuff when Bill came in and slapped me in the face.

up and we weie cracking jok
Dad smacked the hell out of him after, but thinking

It was the oiily time he ever hit me.
about that now made me sick.
Soon more police came and broke
which was just great with me. But whe
traces of splay painted graffiti covering almost l'V
"Nigger." {Hill “(iiuee Wop" and other things like
l: -  and "Send the (onus to Viet Nani." There were also drawings of tittillliilt’cl peo-
iiiiiliiilii’il

it tip. School was closed for the next three days
ii we came back they still didn't get off the last
cry wall, The walls were slashed with
"l'lelter Skelter" and “Die Mother

     
 

 

 

 

pie .tlitl pigs eating lltt'ttt l thought of Hill and I wished I was Willi hiiu H Inf,

 

 

 

 

 

