 

 

WINNIE!!!”

rim!!!llllltltlIlilIlilllllllilllllllllllttilllllwmllllllllllllillllllllllllllIllillilllIll!!!ll!!!llllllliwllﬂlllﬂilllllllllllllg .
E

(in conjunction with UCB)

i SA" Record Co-op I

 

utttrrurrrrumrnrmnmrulttmurrrtrtrrrrr

    

In Honor of the Upcoming
Talking Heads and Todd Rundgren shows
Buy tickets for the Todd Rundgren concert and
receive a discount ticket for use towards the
purchase of" all Todd Rundgrcn and Utopia
albums.

Also, all Talking Head’s albums will be on sale
for the week of Nov 5 thru Nov 9

Coming Soon: TDK Cassettes

 

Sound and Vision

 

 

  

Rock-n-roll music.breeds tn the heart of
- teenage frustrations, ex-

d the overly dramatic roman-
lt'sa

adolescence

losiveness, an
lie encounters that accompany puberty.
subject (maybe l should call it an ingredient)
that almost every successful band has touphl—
ed, if not totally played on: The Beatles l
Saw Her Standing There", The Stones
“Under My Thumb", The Who’s "My Genera-

tion", Bowte's "Changes". Bruce’s "Rt rlita",
Cliff Sloan

all the Way up to The Knack‘s “Good Girls
Don't". You could go on forever. if your
adolescence was spent in the mid-sixties, your
rock memories will probably recreate Imagines
oi Petula Clark, the Supremes, “Beach
Blanket Bingo". and “Gilligan's Island". So
will the 3-525.

Although not wholly appreciated In their
small and dreary hometown of Athens,
Georgia (“Most people hated us"), The 8-525
are the most exciting musical export that
Carter country has ever produced. The

 

 

 

 

‘ and film

5

Urrwor my Conurt Board

Present

An Evening with

Todd Rundgren
and '
‘ Utopia
Thursday, November 15
(It 8:00 P.M.at the Palace Theater

Tickets are $6.50 with tax card
$8.50 General Public

"i'iokets on sale now at the
:ontact Office, Just-A-Song
ecords and the Palace
heater.

Good Seats Sﬁll Milalrlo

Must have tax card to get discount!!!

 

LarrLAmLaisntder

Director Norman Jewison's latest film, And
Justice For All is a reflection of its times. When

system. when to many it seems the innocent
are unjustly punished and victimized while the
guilty go free, when fewer and fewer citizens
trust the courts and no one trusts lawyers,
when the concept of a fair trial has become a
rather hitter joke, it is hardly surprising that a
commercial film should reflect these attitudes.
Politics are everywhere. especially in the
courts.

Jim Dixon

 

And Justice For All is a semi comic indict
ment of the American legal systurrr. The title is
ironic.

Too long absent from movie screens. Al
Pacino makes an rrnprcssiw corrrcrback as Ar-
thur Kirkland. an oddity in Baltimore legal
crrclos; an honest altorrrcy. Kirkland i5 defun-
ding (with little strcct'ss) a client who has.
through a cornplrr tried series of lcgal mishaps
spent a yr-ar and a half in prison because lii'
had a broken lrtll light
crrouglr t’Vltlt’Iii r' to flt't' hisclir'rrt, but lrt't‘rrtlsr‘

Kirkland has dug up

lrr‘ ‘rllllllllllt'tl rt lrrtt‘. lllt' lrarrl rirrst'rl lt’tir'r of
thy law |tttltir' friolur l'orsutlrrtl won't atltnlt it
ill tlu' rru'rurturrv ltl‘r
vrestrgalrrrg lrr..r for lllt' lrhrr a t 'onurrrituv. his

tililflit'lrtl rnrglrt ltr‘ irr

par‘lttr'r l‘r gritrrg lll‘urlrl'. lu-. lIt‘lHVt‘tl grand
frrlltt‘t (l.vr' Lthanlrr'rg) rt. rrtrt'ul ‘t‘lllll‘. and lit“
rlrvuts' lit/«w rrlt' llllllilrll urlo lrr'll

Wlu‘n lltl’riﬂltt‘ 1-1 .14 r o wrl ‘rl torrrrnrttrng .r
paltrrulruly vrr lirlt‘r ‘tnlorru/ Tillll‘ rl'r‘ulllll. lltr'
tables. 'arv itttltt‘tl, in a way. llt’ wants

 

 

 

 

 

 

ere

"524Glrls", Cindy Wilson and singer-
keyboards player Kate Pierson, sport go-go
boots, mini-skirts, and beehive hairdos, look- »
ed too much like "Gilligan’s island" sex sym-
bol Tina Louise to be mistaken for coin-
cidence. The girls sing alone In pterclngly
computerized pitches or loin together in
backdrop unison. Lead vocalist, Fred
Schneider lll wears a Clark Gable mustache
and parades a thin, pliable, Gumby physique.
His baratone, although not clear and crisp,
pr avrdes a welcome relief to the "chalk against
a blackboard" pitch of Cindy and Kate. Join-
Ing with Cindy, Fred provides a refreshing vi-
sr..rar-r delight - fruggtng, camelwalktng, and
performing numerous other nostalgic dances
of the sixties. The sell-described “tacky little
dance band" meshes to form pulsating,-slmple
music, which rare'ly requires baby-faced
guitarist Rick Wilson (Cindy's brother) to in-
corporate more than a couple of chord
changes. The beat, like that of good disco, is
simple and repetitive but you still feel the urge
to dance. Ricky's (our string guitar (the middle
two strings are missing), he explains, allows

The Crucible playing at the P.A.C. is a strong production of this American
classic by Arthur Miller. “We cannot relax until the players finally release us."

many Americans are cynical about their legal ,

litrklirnd to lltilit’yll’frlrllrllll 'l_lvit‘rr rnrrttrai arrirrro-.i- .

    

And Irony For

ty is well-known, and he reasons that the only
reason the public would believe Kirkland
would defend a man he personally hates
would be that he honestly thought him inno~
cent. Here the plot thickens rapidly, and giv-
trrg away too much would be a crime.

The script's main flaws are in its ques—
tionable character development. The writers
don't seem to have been sure who they
wanted to develop thoroughly and who they
didn't. The problems caused by this are minor
and easy to live with. The characters that are
developed are for the rrrost part wcilvdrawrr,
and the dialogue sparkles.

The acting. from a superb cast. is urriforrrrly
excellent. As usual. Pacino shines, especially
in the climactic trial sequence. when he

delivers an opening address that most actors
(and a lot of lawyers) would give their right
arrrr for. Pacino delivers many of those lines
directly to the camera, a difficult task to bring
t)ff

Also irrrprttssivc, as Krrklarrd's grandfather.
is living legend Luv Straslrr'rg. the drum of
Arrtt'rrcrrrr llit‘flllltl rrttrng lhs portrayal of a
proud rrrrur losing lll‘r last baltlt' \vitlr st'rrility r-.
(putt! tourlrlltg (filltrslrurg and Potato wutlt
wr'll togr-tlror as a team. Il‘v vrt'ws of 'I'fu' tirrtl
lriffrr'r i'riIt ff should r’t't'rrll) .laclr. Warden lrrr.
arr rrrrprt'ssrvr' ‘rlllilitiilllttl ]>.ril as an hour's!
rrrrlgr' wrtlr rr drurth wrsh Vlrlrt‘ lt’Hl of thy ntrp
porirng pt'rfrrrrrrarn vs, lrrrgti, iron.
unknowns. .rrr' also top flight

llllt't tor lt'tvlwrli lllrll cu good rrw of all rrl
tht'rrr. tl‘) Wr‘ll .r‘. lllll'llltllttllltlllllt‘l \./|tltil .l
lfr'rripcr . who-v photography in rl . gr it ul as It".
r'vcr lit‘t‘lt lli .rrlrhhorr. rlr‘vnutrrr ‘- last poi ml
r'rlllllitl ltr’i'p‘r lln' ftliu 'rrrlrt wrtlr lrll \-...‘.tt'rl rrn

 

 

 
    

 

[  .1411
Page 9a ..

 
 

 

r

 

him to achieve the right gutty sounds. Drum-
mer Fred Strickland. who looks something like
Lou Reed In his “Rock-N-lioll Animal" phase
(Lou was ahead of his time in ‘74. Strickland's
merely arriving on schedule) provides an im«
pressively powerful backboer which more
than adequately supports the hand.

Now. if you‘re one of those alert. observant
music buffs. you've probably already noticed
that the 3525 don't have a bassplayer. Oddly
enough. Schneider's baritorrc. Ricky's power
chords.- Stricklarrd's hacklrcnr. and Cindy's
slinky. often Doors likt- organ. render
open wound painltws. Dt-spitc their nostalgic.
campy stage presence. The li».’>2s (‘aptur‘r' the
bygone decade wrtlr styli/url drstancv it Is an
ironic. but nevertheless slvt'lt corrrbrnaiiorr of

V Star Wars and the world's biggest pararrro par
ty. Revisiting the days of Ladybrrd. .iar'k.
i" Jackie-O, and Turn Louisi- ("'l‘ht'su arc the
girls of YOlJlS A "l, cannot rtltrrrt’ descrin
V The 8-525.
, "This is the space age,"
“ nounces in “There's a Moon in the Sky
(Called the Moon)". an upbeat dance number
which had the masqueradcd crowd at J It.

the

 
 
 
  
   
    
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  

Sclurr-klr'r an‘

I ' A I

SUNYA's production of The Crucible is im»
_ ssioned and skillful. While there is nothing
pecially innovative about this version, the
rk center of the play is relentlessly honored -
. thur Miller's indictment of man's cowardice
r d irresponsibility under duress. In fact. Pro-
or's promise to his newly arrested wife. “Hi
If like an ocean on that court," is remarkably

t for describing the effect of the play on its
dlence. Miller's touch is not light.

  

 

_ arry Kinsman

 

. Christopher Wolfe. a promising local
playwright as well as an actor, makes a tower-
ng John Proctor. He Is big and handsome
nd he sweats “like a stallion" just as Abigail
eports early in Act I. His booming voice and
mouth clocution comprise perhaps the best

All

in almost jarring contrast, David Grusin's
usical score sounds like television series
I usic. Giving both he and the director the
neflt of a doubt. it seems to me likely that
e music was intended to offset the starkness
f some of the sequences, thereby increasing
heir general palatabillty. To a degree it works.
but Grusin won’t follow his last score, in
idntghi Express, with another Oscar for this
one.

For some reason, the New York City critics
are down on And Justice For All. yet i feel It
should have a wide appeal. This is a well-done
movie. entertalnirrg and fast-moving, yet
makes some needed statements about the
state oflustice in America. Though It probably
won't win any Academy Awards. it shouldn't
be missed by fans of film entertainrrrent meant
for slightly more discriminating tastes.

it seems that the most flamboyant careers
can pass almost without notice sometimes. in
the case of the late playwright-actor Robert
Shaw, this is a true shame. Shaw, who died
over a year ago, had completed two films at
the time of his death. Last Christmas saw the
release of the first of these; Force 10 From
Nauarone, an undistingulslred but generally
entertaining sequel to Tire Guns of Naumone.
The film was critically ignored for the most
part, and the public stayed home. His last itlrn,
Avalanche Express, lust left the Capital District
arealt played for perhaps two weeks. i never
got to see it. The critics who did didn't like It.

Shaw, who skyrocketed to stardom after his
role In Jaws, starred in several other
Hollywood films, including Robin and Marian.
D ' L " . Tire Deep. and Black Sunday.

 

he B-SI’S

Scott's jumping on Saturday night. From
greasers to goblins. the pre-Hallowecn crowd
made little use of their seats. The baitd was ag-
gressively modern. like a group of freewheel-
ing space teenagers. Their overall effect made
Dcvo look neandcrthal. Tire band continued
with "Rock Lobster". a b" ‘r party horror-
movie tale which is their mast popular tune to
date. and a "take it or lCﬂVL‘ it" rendition of
Pctula Clarke's "Downtown". Thr- B 525 con-
cludud their dlssatisfymgly short show with
"Strobe Light". anotlu'r effective and exciting
dance concoction Covering only the rrtrrtvrial
on their recently rr'lcasud dcbut aibunr. Tllt.‘
T5th left me with that "they took tlrc marry
and ran" feclirrg in my stomach. an affliction
all too common llWSU days, They are .rrr act
that's refreshing. light. and t'yt’ catching littt
alas. they are an act You coulder call them a
solid. talcrrtcrl band anymore than you could
convict a cup of d crimcI in Albany At the
same time, however, I can't soc anyone not
enjoying one of their corrcr'rts. flirt catch thcm
now. something tvlls me they won't be around
in five years. —

feature of his performance Wolfe is especially
moving in the scent.- alrcady mentioned. in
which he tries to keep flrcl authorities from tak-
ing his wife Elizabeth He finally acquit'scus
under overwhelming odds. only to cry out in
renewed anger that they should not chain llt’l'.
Wolfe's Proctor is the sort of human idual
Miller intended: intelligent bttt falliblu, strong
but fiercely loving.

Eileen Carrlwull who plays lilizahr-th Proc-
tor. is already known to this critic as lliL‘ star of
Mr. Wolfe's play. I‘loutor. Father and Son.
which was done by the Playwriglrt's Workshop
(City Arts Office) this summer. She is lovcly,
and what is more. she has the same sort of
presence and clear resonant voice that Mr.
Wolfe posscssusShc is an excellent courrttrr~
part for trim.

David Ludewlg is appropriately maddening
as the pontlflcating Judge Hawthorne. In the
courtroom scenes. he so effectively badgers
Mary Warren and baits Elizabeth Proctor that
we want to jump up there and silence him
ourselves.

Michael Stringer makes a furious little whirl-
wind of Giles Corey. Corey, like Proctor.
functions as a kind of human signpost for
Miller: Corey is one of the few who would
rather be killed than regurgitale the court's
brainless lies. Denying oneself and the truth in
order to conform. even denying the truth to
survive. is unpardonable. And. as Miller
demonstrates by having neighbors accuse
each other in general hysteria, denying the
truth is ultimately bad politics. The Crucible is
pro-Watergate, let us remember.

 

He was a good actor with enough personal
style for ten performers. He was a fine
playwright. and one can only hope his stunn-
ing play, The Man In The Glass Booth will
someday receive the treatment it deserves. He
was a talented artist. who had worked in sup-
porting roles for years before his discovery by
the general American public. His last two ig-
nomlnlous films are a sad irony, and l for one

hope his memory doesn't fade into an
—

undeserved obscurity.

Sound 'dri'd’ 'on

 

These five beautiful people make a career out of culture shock and musical
sclrlor‘k. After an evening with tlwnr, you'll go back in time to the wonderful
future of l966. Don't ask.

cible Games To Life

Charles Wagner is oafislr as tho Rt'Vt‘lf’lltl
Parris, tlrL' self-serving parsorr who starts the
wholr: rnr-ss. llis oafislurt'ss is right. I'XL'I‘pl
that it srrrrrcks of twentieth century Long Island
7 primarily the result of Mr. Wagner's acct-tit
and hunted rrrarrrrur. flu is no l7tlr t’t'tllllly
l’uritarr rrrirnstur.

'l'hc courtroom scene in which the tlrrratI
young women wreak havoc under Abigail's
leadership is especially good. Butwcurr lllt'
judge's bullowirrg and the girl's fuigrrt-d terror,
the tension escalates to the unbearable. Just as
Miller planned. Donna Loney is intense and

Earthly Connections

 

|)l't'flV as Abigail Williams. but there is a
sullrirrcs's lacking. that seductive quality which
erltltl have captured John Proctor's fancy.
She is too slim and frail looking for an Abigail.

'l'lrrr ‘»t'ls rrtr' grey and stark rcfficlent lt‘t‘t)!“
lrrnatrons of the same low walls and ceilings to
carry us into what were undoubtedly
srrhsistt'ncr- lcvr'l homes. The gloomy lighting
evokes a cold New England. The lighting
director and the trurke-up artists should gut
ltltll'llll'l on the courtroorrr scr'rrus. however.
the lighting has to be strong during those
scum-s. brrt it should not turn cveryonu's
make up iltlt) a grotesque mask.

The pace of the production is unlrurricd,
and that is also as it should be. We cannot
rulnx rrrrtrl the players finally release us, trrrtil
.lolrrr l’r mtor has his goodness at last, and fol
Iy crusht-s the couraguous low underfoot. -

Meteor

Isl.

is it a disaster film? Is it onerof those star-
laden "international" films? Or is it an
encounter of the television kind? Meteor is
the story of what happens when a comet hits
an asteroid and sends it our way. Yes, it's star-
laden. Try this on for size: Sean Connery is
yanked out of a yacht race by the Coast
Guard and whisked off to Houston, where he
curses out Karl Maiden and Martin Landau,
and then goes to Washington to give Henry
Fonda (the President, of course) the latest on
the giant meteor heading earthward. And
that’s just for starters. Brian Keith plays a
Russian scientist who speaks only Russian
(but fortunately does not bang his shoe on the
table), and Natalie Wood is his interpreter (at
least she still looks great).

Rube Cinque

This film is about a meteor, but as this film
was also designed to appease, one disaster is
not enough. Not only does a meteor cream
New York, but we see an avalanche, a tidal
wave, an earthquake, and the best disaster
I’ve ever seen »-— as the stars are escaping an
underground Defense Department control
via a subway tunnel, the sewer mains all give
out and covers half the cast in shit. Cops, 1
spoiled the surprise. Oh, well. l’m still trying to
figure out why they didn't cram in a burning
skyscraper or a runaway rollercoaster.

Yeah, the plot is thin; not only are we asked
to believe that the Americans and Russians
both happen to have nuclear warheads in
space, but that these warheads are enough to
blow away a meteor big enough to take a
chunk out of the earth. This film's credibility is
further eroded by some shaky imitations of
meteors, and a spaceship ﬂoating past a desk

 

lamp. All the cliches are ﬂawless, however.
When a loving couple from some for corner of
the earth appears, adisaster faithfully follows,
and when the roof caves in on Sean
Connery's save-theworld party, the only
fatalities are Martin Landau, the poison.
mouthed commander of the base, and a
sweet young girl who works the computers
down there with her beau. There’s plenty of
patriotic “Washington music" to go around,
too.

The plot is thin, the special effects are none
too special; what good could possibly come
otrl of this film, you ask? Well, for two hours
or so, the President of the United States
actually had a grip on things; for those same
hours, all hell broke loose, and l was not in the
slightest danger. Escapist? You bet. On the
flip side of this coin, how often can one see a
building being torn down, let alone the
massive wrath of Nature herself?

One more thing about those warheads.
Actually, i wouldn't put it past the Kremlin or
the Pentagon to have them up there even
now, but l'm not so sure the Russians would
stand by and let the Americans grab all the
glory by running the save-the-world mission.
The only thing they do here is send Brian
Keith. Geez, in Marooned, they send a whole
crew of cosmonauts to save two lousy
astronauts, and all they can do with the world
at stake is send us Brian Keith? Well, it is an
escapist ﬂick, and it doesn't have you leaving
the theater wracked with guilt over our
nation's crual psychological exploitation of
Swaziland or the shameful state of our
Jacuzzis. Meteor offers us no truths, no
brilliant treatises; it's nice to turn off the brain
every now and then, and this is a movie that's
rather good to do it with. -

 

 

 

 

  
  
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

