  
  
 

     

 

 

 

The Student Notebook

 

Page 40

 

 

Aspects

This is the city. Los Angeles. Caiiiomia. it's
not everyday that a policeman lights crime
and corruption with the lives of seven million
people at stake. No. it's not everyday, so to-
day my partner. Bill Gannon and i checked
out a sleazy Bingo racket at St. Chreestopher's
Church In East Los Angelos. it was a Sunday.
My name's Friday. 1 carry a badge.
10:27 Bill and i received a phone call from
Fran the Roman. an Informer on shady deal-
ings In the Catholic church. He said swindling
and bunko were legion at St. Chreestopher's
and at Our Lady of Pyrrhlc Victory in Lom-
poc. .A one-time faith healer who lost
everything in a malpractice suit. Fran th.
, Roman took no money for his information.
He said a far greater reward awaited him in
'Heaven in small. unmarked bills.

10:35 Bill and l drove North on Mulholland
Drive and came to the entry gate of St.
Chreestopher's Church. Where we were

 

greeted by Father Giraldo Garcia. Fr, Garcia's
lace broke out in a smile. He exuded that
special kind oi radiance that only a man of the
cloth has. His arms outstretched. his face
beaming. he said; "You gotta search wars
rant?" We replied that we did and llrus entered
the chapel.

Friday Observer

 

 

'lurgc all Americans to realize llit‘ iiiipoitrrnco
of conserving energy in light of the oil crisis "
President Jimmy Cartut

"ll L’VL’tytliit’ drives iltrco iiitlt-s loss a day. wu
won't foul any affect from ilit' loss of lrtrii's oil"
» Several Energy iixpurts

‘I got a 'b‘) Chevy with .‘r 304:. lllt'llt’ lit-titls
ind a hurst on the floor"
Bruce. Springsteen

 

Lor- locirccri should meet Bruno Springs
lUL‘It The boss of Chrysler has parking lots fill
trd wttlr big rats the boss of rock'ir'ioll would
low: to gut his hands on

Na entertainer in the music business today

so romantaclzes Aniuricri's love of girsvgiizrling
vehiclth as Bruce Springsteen. A quick glance
it his last two albums shows that 10 of lllL' 1H
songs illaltth at least one mention of cars or
roads. And you won't find any Toyota
Cellictis. cithcr. Bruce gives us soupr'd up
suicidc machines tearing up the back strut-is

it must be mentioned that there is much

Le Cafe Americ in

 

An interesting iid-blt turned up in the Daily
News yesterday: it seems that the hamlet of
Vinooski. Vermont has asked the federal
government for $55.000 to study the fcasabili»
ty of erecting a dome to cover the city.

Now. it is rather funny to think of putting a

tome over anything other than a football

stadium. Yet it is funnier still to consider that
the feds have done stranger things tliair award
3:55.000 to study the pros and cons involved.
It is amusing to think that, while the Ayatollah
locks horns with the president. the Winooski
city elders are getting themselves psyched to
build a ceiling for their city.

Perhaps the Winooskians have concluded
that the prospect of continued peaceful ex
istance on this planet is dim at best. and hence
are zndeavoring to cocoonvout before it is too
late. Maybe once they get their dome they will
lock all the doors and put up signs warning the
re st of u 5.

At any rate. 1 suggest that the SUNYA ad
ministration lollow the course of the Winooski
Dome Project, WDP, (as some bureaucrat will
dub and capitalize it sooner or later.) I see no
reason why, if they get their own dome, We
can't also.

Everyone knows that the weather in Albany

sucks. a sad fact that the architecture of this
campus. intended for a warm climate and
designed to create “breezes,” only “ion or
britos. Try to think of u SUNYA winter that illtl
ritii iiit.liitlU gale-force winds around ovury
turii. imagine boot heals not worked and plans
not turriiinally stained by rock salt. lltniir-niliur.
lllt‘H‘ is no such thing as a bad rlriy in tin:
Astrodoiiii' '

 

 

n « Ans-v».— ~.~.-.m.. » n

r' . . . .
apprmpavﬂn'rm-ﬁvm «rd-r» .- .ArU-u-r' I-w- u an v wnrr-t-voq-I-naqv pom-comma;
a...“qu it.“
w uuunnt p. 4

The Boss Meets

o Licks And Rhetoric

 

Life Is
Dragn

10:55 Upon entering the chapel. Bill and i
were overwhelmed by the religious ceremony
and the Bingo game being held simultaneous-
ly. We asked Fr. Garcia if we might look
"‘il‘ i then searched doggedly for clues
. it cries of “Amen” and "G26".

11:15 i "ind I had found nothing. We ques-
tioned Fr. Lt 't‘ in further. in his dialect. Fr.
Garcia protested the routine we put, him
through calling it a "Spanish inquisition", Bill
and l chuckled heartily at the Father's pun. We
then handcuffed him.

11:37 Father Garcia protested even more
vehemently calling us "guerras" and
"assassins". He said we hurl no grounds to ap
prelrund him. ()1 course he was right. We

intro to Spriiigstt't'n iliriii ('lit'vtcs‘ l‘t)| one.
.liurc's Dodges. Tliuio's iointincu r'iiltl lltUtL‘Ib
lilttllltL'S‘i And tin-it"s the ovurtiiliiig yearn to
r'scapL' soiiit-tltiiig tttil .siirpiising from so
'ltl‘tllli‘ rt'sidtiig It] Now rlt'rst'y

l‘liit tlicsc idutis tnku ihun foiiii iii cngiiios
Thi'iu's problems with this
Those big cats tT-tVL’ ltiilt’li
iir'cioiis [it’lil Thr- limos iitsi .iiii't what they
isctl inlw. lliitio Ytiii t.iii'i ltll t' iis tillt‘li til it
lirirlt girlloii tliltl it's hard to burn riihbi-i on grrs
iiiit's

if you wiriit it by ttitisisirrrit Willi tlit! stit'irrl

‘titl highways
towrir lays

rtiiisi‘it'iiit- l'it t'ttt-igy you displayed at lltl' iv
t‘t'ltl "NH Niikt's" t'ltlll t-iis. llit‘ liliii' has t'tiitll'
to cliaiigt' yniii Itiiit'
thlill boot tiiltl .i soft siitiitiit'i trilli should
find that lltlll'fttllf girl sitting on lllt.‘ hood of .r
l).itsiiii
'l'lltil tlitsty fund from Motiim' to Aiigr'liiic
t'till lli' llriVi’lt‘(l IIII \Vlil ti tun spt‘i'tl. or cvuii tr
linisc.
And you ('ttit got lt lllt' l’roinist-d l..iiid just
.is easily by going (iruyhoiiiid
if you were truly interested iir these difficult

The benefits of a dome would be iii-
IitllitL‘l‘iildU. For one thing. we would be able
to podiaic year-round. which rriight have a
detrimental allch onGl’A's but would certainly
contribute to cvorynntfs well being. Frisbees
could glide through the surging fountains with
as much gusto in February as iii Juno. And we

Pinball Poeti

me Is A 5

Life at SUNYA. What is it? it all begins with
that coin callcd tuition which you drop in the
slot. That starts the game. and before you
know what's happening, you are alone on that
symmetrical screen. small and green. And
then the game begins. They start moving in on
you. the invaders. They are all in nice neat
columns. The first column is Monday's tests,
papers and readings. and right behind those
are 'l‘ucsday's. Thcy iiniiit'dirrtcly begin mov-
ing in on you. and its up to you to shoot them
down.

Quickly you move to Monday's. lfard work
and a little bit of luck eliminates them from
sight and mind. But there is no time to rust
lucsday's invaders are upon you. You pull
yourself together aird try to shoot them down
but there is that little one till the way up on top
that you overlook. Oh no! it's Wednesday
moving in OK. just take care of Wednesday
and lllt‘li go back to 'l'tiusdriy's. But now
you'ri' behind.

The pressure is really iiitiitiitiirg. You brigin
to gut ntervops. you lltlijt‘l rusilussly. Your
litfttl'l is potiiidiiig. and you are worried. Tho

would've gone on had not something hit me.
It was like a vision. i heard a chorus of
angels. . . like in the movies.

Bill couldn't understand what was happen-
ing to me.

11:48 i told Bill to unhandcull Father Garcia.
1 then told the Father that i had seen the light
and irad accepted Jesus Christ as my Lord
and savior. Sensing my solemnity. Father
Garcia snickered and yelled something in
Spanish to one of his colleagues at the altar of
the chapel.

12 Noon Father Garcia led me to the head of
the altar to begin the baptism ritc, l stood while
suvcral priests poured water on me. I didn't

hom

The Ayatollah

limes. Bruce. you Would find a way to harness
lllt' energy gciiuriitcd tit filli’ of your t‘fliltlli
tours. Hell. I'll bet ovuii Ultl.‘ .sut of Clai'ciicu's
.liiiiglclr‘ind sax solos would lioat Troy for the
whole Wiiilt‘i

The potential is limilluss. Aftt‘r seeing the
lt‘Vt'l pitch of three of your concerts. you
should olfui your followers up as protectors of
Hill national security. Plt'llli't‘ it. all President
(‘riitui rived do is tell a concert hall filled with
your fans that the Ayatollah doesn't dig the
Boss Tht'ii wu'll sou fire iii the streets! My but
is that Tultcran would bucoriit- the quietest
town this side of Asbury Park

The public is craving for a loader and there
is power in rock. as soon .is you shed that gas
guzzling image. We noted someone to rally
titlilllid. someone to got us out of those cars
and into trains. bikes. and Adidas sneakers.
it‘s not gonna conic- from those guys in
Washington. it's not gUIlllti conic front a born-
.rgntii Dylan. The country needs lltL’ Boss and
his now message: "Tramps like us. baby we
WUIL' born to jog." .

Steve Oster

 

'I'he Sky’s The Limit

inigiit not have to look at pine trees for a
change.

We could field a Division | lootball team.
playing the Cotton. Rose. and Orange bowls
instead of the Alonzo Stagg bowl. Of course.
the tunnels would be rendered obsolete. but
perhaps they could be converted to house the

invaders are moving down on you slowl
steadily. down. You are running out'oi thing.
But wait! There must be some I
escape this pressure, There must be soniil rr ~
traction. some barrier. some relief from tlifi )
vadcrs. Ah yes. we have blockades "-
miiid altering substances we all know 1 i
love. An excellent esctipi'. but. liltftJtiiiiitill’l"
just temporary. The iiivrrdcrs shoot tlrr‘iVn'
away. wearing them down. Thostl tliillilt’l'ﬁ '
close. and again we must lrrcu tlii-rii ' 'm
Back to the game

way to

. Those

Thu )(1 ‘ ‘
and faster, Got to get 'l'lit‘Stlily:'llllltt'sdlnllrl'q
wlial about 'l'liursday's. and the other  "I
day! llut watch out for Wt‘tliit'stl't i 0“
{Hr Friday V _ .y. rink out
‘ ’ ‘ litX‘Mllil
bltiill Tuesday's invadt'i' got you Wlt‘
wcrciil looking You should havr' i" m W"
lit‘ltllff 'l'lii.‘ bullt‘t o ' m" WM" ”
No time it) woiry
because you're

l pi'ot'iasiiiitttinri got you
about it now, though.

HEW”! “M U lltlf'l’t on lllrll big lonuly .st‘ri'cn

W ‘ ) y u and them You UlttllCt' at r in

t (Z! . l iogruss is slow. limit in tho liillll'j ”
 tit-lilfiill-V;:Ill iiiicxpccii'il iiivritltei .rpilt'

 

tllli

 

""""'""‘-\N-r4v....

mm” know laughing was part of this ritual. i almost

wept with joy.

[litlllt'

12:26 The ritual continued as the priests and
yeomen confiscated all my worldly posses-
slons. Including my wallet. When i asked if rim,
would insure my salvation: Fr. Garcia rupllud
"no. but it'll sure help insure ours." The ritual
ended then. it was beautiful.

12:32 After becoming a Christian. I realized
that there was more to life than busting and
questioning people. People. be they Wlilic.
black. or even Chicano are human beings and
equal in the sight of God. i mulled ovcr my
past life which now seemed meaningless. My
lite had been so mundane. so Shallow My
everyday life. my police routine was now irtiai
Iy without meaning.

12:45 Bill and I left the chapel and liltl tiw
priests "adios." Today had been one ill lllt‘
most beautiful days of my life, second only in
being born and the two-way coke bust in Sun
ta Barbara. 1 filed my report and Qilli'ii‘il
“most beautiful day of my life" liiitlt‘l
"miscellaneous." Sure. I'm still tlttL' l'lltltti,
and my partner is still Bill Gannon. but tiny. i

 

(Zill'l'y a Crl)55.

 

School of Criminal Justice. which was banish
ed to Draper last year. No longer would \\I’
have to sneer when we see our healthy ltlt'liil~
from Gainesville over the winter rut‘css.  i
could tease them about all of the rain tlivv iti‘i .
down there. .
So let's all call for the formation of rin ml 
lioc committee to study the feasibility 411 ill“ 
SUNYA Dome Project (SUNYAl)l’l It hm i
signing petitions complaining about .iiii: i
grouping or pooling the backs off of No Null l
stickers. But one caveat: let's not ltdei’ it up i" I
The People who built this concrete asylinii. t- ii ‘
“my Would probably run out til lttliitt‘i,‘ .rtr-i i
leave us with a gaping hole over 1hr.- potiitiii.‘ l
i

i

l

4

Jeffrey Neuburger

pace Invaders Game

overhead. Your girlfriend said goodbye mini
Cat 901 repossessed, and your [)t'l hriiiisiwi
died. You must make an attempt in tll‘iil mitt
this, btit be careful. if you pay it too lllllt'lt at
tention. Booml. the daily invaders mil ‘ti ll
you. 1

Finally you've Cltldl'lKl the St't’ift'it it ur'tiiiiwi
like forever. Now there is ill] lllli‘tii'a‘itiiii l
Take a well deservud break. wrpu llii"i\‘-"'1ll “11
yuur palms. exhale. But don't itikt- too low?
because they are back on tho sci'wn midi“
and so are you,

Soon the ordeal is over. it wasn't Ii‘itlli,‘ lliiil
limit. but it scorned like flii't3VI‘i You t-wl
your share of hits, bitt you smiuri illilli‘ ii it "
[minis 0n the way. And now you I’d“ ‘l‘l'
dWiiy lrnirl that grillltf. that iiiitcliint- tlrtit ill-I li
t'tl you. And now yoti'rt- .t lir'ttr'i i"” ""
ll‘Jht? You've grown from illt‘ i"li""""“"
right? Wrong Yllll'n‘ .r llt’i‘VtiliH Wti’l l. 'i "ii ”
broken. You'it' slrrikiiig. And llil'li i “‘1'
you. You lost. iiwnltmny, you iil‘.‘.iii i-
llii.’ tlinttlL’i‘ri always got you ‘i"" it
playing. ltft' .tt suNY/r is it trim in 

 

 

 

 

w- a“
'v ~vue-unumvawnaua-vcat

 

Cozily tucked beneath the concrqu campus
that glistens this Sunday afternoon. fifty strong
gather to listen to the history of their fraternity
and to be proud of it,

The Nu Tau chapter voices echo and bum
in the grilled ceiling auditorium like no squeak-
iiig prof on some atonal class day.

Robert Blau

Swing lo sweet chariot, comin'fnr . . .
Four tapered singch in all filling this room
with deep sound from the stage. They try to
iiold on to the key.

Ouer my head. 1 licor music in the air,
There must be a God somewhere.

This is the day that the brothers oi Omega
Psi Phi call sacrcd. founding day, November
18. Blue suits and black three piece suits. dour
ble breasted and simple voi‘itcd, singlu
breasted and double vented, and even mink,

 

are out in tribute

The frat was originally established in 1911
on a predominantly black college called
Howard Univnrstty in Washington, DC And
as today's spotrkt'rs t‘XIIlitlli. the founders of
Omega Psi Phi hoped to inspire Negro youth
across the country so ihtit “thousands in the
years could lit‘i‘tiliil’ OtiU iii iitiino and iii loyal
iv

The found. in, i.
l'i'aiik COlL’llltill and Professor liriiosi I: Just.
we are told. L'tillli‘ fioni (ind ft‘tlt’illtg homes
They lotiriiod tn lw Pillli‘illltnl‘s Tht'y gnvr!
Thuy lii’t'ttlltt’ tilllﬁlttli'
t's. “.iiitl |lert'(.l

’i;rir Love. ()si'rtr Coopr'i.

ilii’ll’ lives to llii‘ li.ti.
tlhig Ciilzuiis of lllt‘ lhriiud Strii
lllt’ way foi ti ttt‘W .iwtikuiitiig iii Ni'gi'o L'tllliffli'
lilt' by establishing ti national Greek lL'llt'I’
fraternity,"

And the words OMEGA P51 l’l ll iiiig out
with ])l‘l(lt! tiiitl (‘Hlilit‘l'rlllCtH Skutt’lit's of tlit'
foiiiidtns an: Illtlt't'tl on four lrriiky ctrslt's that
v strrgc Lights out Only ilit.’ black sliicld

ltiicili ‘
illt'ilii‘ stutltiud wrili rod and

gliriys iii lltt’ ‘
Wlitlt’ bulbs
The key litili’ sptzrrltr't, George S Kingpnp
Ditttli‘lll‘h llll' pulpit flu is council to llll.’
i (ll (Ttirit'ctioiis and is ii IItL’Itillt‘i
Tlir'iu's .i tliirine for ()Iiti’git'ﬁ
and it's wordod. “Rostritiiig

(:itiiliills‘iliti
of the fratuiiiity
sixty ninth yruir.
' ‘ 1 ti
oiii piitnitius A i'tiltttttllllllflil to uplift. ‘

"1 low oftuii do \w forget what is most iin
prirtrtiit? At't‘ we tilt.‘il unougli to rcdiruct our
t‘llt’l'lJlCH'f' 1 l I

"()ur black lt'tltll‘t‘a am running arouiit I it.
hon land. But don't in: misled by these issues.
A restatement of our priorities is In order.

t and will not let

 

 

  

iii '(Xri tic-1' . , .
..  - .. ,stpeapum,   ..

     

_| .HI . _

If

 

the busing issuu bog down my energies.

"As a student 1 will not be disillusioned by
Andy Young's resignation w whether givea or
asked for.

"As a black Aiiiurican i will not be polarized
with the Jews, There are no Jews in the KKK.

“Our fraternity must remain mindful of its
goals. its rardinal principles, Manhood.
scholarship. paisuverance, and uplift."

He walks off the stage calmly. The audience
applauds; loud. deliberate. approving up

plause

Stepping in time, in place. ()lll.f two, Step.
Twelve in formation untying the knots. Step
out and sing a straight faced song, a song of
perseverance.

Out 0/ the night that covers me.

As block as a pit Ironi pole to pole . . .
This is the line of pledgccs that call

 

...«.- g; ,» ._-;,A..,v,.~_q _. I.

what this is all about.

.. .  i  . , ........i.......-
r- ..._..._- _. - ...._.. .1011»... .*~._-._.. c... ..._- WM~

 

projects. You are given assignments to finish

Slut) ""1 mid Clank 3 song ihi" Will 5110‘“ 31 iii a certain amount of time. The actual ritual is
the air because you don‘t want to lose it. the an gamed _ , , Something you have to keep to
discipline. the concentration, Get rid of thc. yourself, It makes us unique as brothers."

iilix'uty.

My name is the mighty Thor,
I make the women beg [or more.

Step out:

My name is Aquaman,

I can stroke on water or land.

This is the lltlblllCSl display. The (HIV
everybody notices. as opposed to their other
projects like voter registration drives and
liciiltl awareness week and social events llltil
arc the main functions of the organization
Evui‘y frat and sorority gets into llittl
benevolent stuff.

The drill is part of hell week which is the
climax of a six to eight week probation period
for prospective members. The process starts
with a series of meetings that gauge a person's
curiosity about “10 fraternity. Rod Lloyd, vice
president of the undergraduate cliaptcr cx
plains:

“There are about three interest meetings to

“It shows how far you can be
pushed without retaliating —

before you say
anymore. Only

you can’t take
those that can

assimilate and can become as
one, make it.”

themselves the Superheroes. Clad in purple
and gold khaki. purple crepe covered bricks In
hand, they've just flied out of the library with
at least three hours of work behind them.
They're looking real sharp and tight and
organizedraird as stiff as the concrete pillars
that surround them. it's a serious pride that
eliminates all distractions. Nothing else matters
but blocking it all out. as the book riddled
students passing by stare at you. wondering

get to know a little about the organization.
Anyone who is interested can attend, and
thou: is a graduate chapter as well.

“You get to know it little about the organiza-
tion. You get to know each other and some of
the programs the fan gets into. If you develop
a great interest you're initiated into a pledge
club. the Lampndocs club.

“There are certain challenges that must be

met. A pledgee is sent on various tasks and

,Clusc to sixty thousand members nationwide.

There is no drinking. partying or socializing
during the pledge period. and there are man—
datory library hours.

"Everyone achieves something else out o!
pledging. i personally felt a sense ol ac-
complishment purscvcriiig when i saw others
drop off ill the wayside."

Curtis Lloyd. President, or Basileus of the
undergraduate chapter. elaborates:

“it shows how far you can be pushed
without retaliating — before you say you can't
take anymore. Only those that can assimilate
and can become as one make it."

The fraternity is an integrated organization,
although it remains predominantly black with

Curtis is quick to point out that if there was
even one white pledgeo next line. “it would
remove the stigma of Omega being an ex-
clusively black fraternity,

"People only go by what they see." be con-
liltltt’s. “But you l'lUthl know the backbone
unless you are involved The pledge period is
just a small part of your involvement in the
fraternity that helps facilitate progress within
the group afterwards.

"We don't need a lot of men." Rod says
wiiii .1 stall-itsstircd grin, “just a few good men.
it's like this poem we had to memorize when
we were pledging:

[fight men thoroughly immersed iii a
True Omega spirit,

Art.- [or greater assets
‘l'litiri eighty with lukewarm enthusiasm.

The applause in the auditorium bottoms out
iliitl Rodney Little, President of the Capital
Omega Men. takes the lL’ClC‘i’ii. He speaks
about the iiriportance of remembering one's
post.

All the brothch gather in a circle on stage
and lock elbows. Swaying back and forth, the
room hums again, only louder this time.

We'll lOilt' Omega Psi PM
And when we say our last goodbye
Wu'll loue Omega Psi Phi.

Tire ceremony disbands, and the brothers
begin discusstltig‘tlie upcoming big dance . . q

 

 

AS a black parent I canno

 

 

.ér'i‘sua tit '

t—‘r

I I
,

...-_.......‘....:

 

