. ..  ’ V i .‘ . v
I all a I. “WWmWD-I

I Normoiﬂoe, he Flying Uniooid ,

 

 

Norma Rae is an engaging. even
convivial work about a dynamic young
Jewish labor organizer named Reuben
Warsltoysky (Ron Liebman. known to
boob tubers as “Ka7.“) who meets a
spttnky li‘l gal from a southern milltown
~ Norma Rae(Sally Field. TV‘s"Flying
Nun". uSybil". etc.) Wltat makes this film

Quincy Nessig

distinctive is that they team tip. not tor
sexual fireworks. but to puta tinion in the
town‘s textile plant. Unfortunately. the
film ltas a tendency to patronize its
subject and its locale. Reuben. New York
yidkid tltat he is. introduces Norma to
union politics. literature and concepts

 

like “menseh” and “mitmh”. All she has
to offer him culttirally in return is a
skinny dip down by tlte ol‘ inudhold.
Every 61iche about New Yorkincs is
dredged up. so where’s the Southern fried
chickett already?

The organizing scenes within the
textile plant are sincere. but have an
overly contrived feel. Maybe that‘s
because Sally Field's" portrayal givett the
film electric current. btit no other
characters besides her attd Reuben really
light up. The oppressed workers seem like
stock oppressed workers. and are
perfunctorialy coaxed intoconsciottsness
by Reuben and Norma. and after a few
stock management confrontation scenes.
the union is voted in. At no time doesany

 

rower: East’cmamn

Before ‘Star Wars’
there was and there
will always be

STANLEY KUBRICK‘S

II

_ Thursday, May 3
7:30 and 10:00

LC 18

 

joinee express distress
over union dues clteekoff. and in a
:ituation where salaries are ridiculously
law. this is always a very t'eal concern.
Norma Rae is fired from herjob.and it‘s
niakc uneleaa whether she will be hired
back or will be left to atrophy in the heat
and dust after the Jewish White Knight
splits back to The Apple. '

potential tinion

With its Hollywood stars and easy
liberalism. Norma Rate is no comparison
big budget film. l’aul.
Scliradcr‘s Blue Collar. which some
allege was given short sltril't by
l-lollywood arid the critics because of its

frankness.

to another

Dutch Quad

Re—elect
Dart/e Weintraub

to the
University Senate

[Vote May 2, 3, or 4.

 

 

 

 

A NEW VERSE: .
"We seek Peace ,3 full-peace,
true peace, between the Jewish
Nation and the' Arab Nation
4 -BEGIN .

“l have come to VOu in order'
that we maY~build together a

I lasting and just'ipeaCeﬁ’

13A DAT

.« .ANOLD REFRAIN‘:

"Blood must be spilled..i"

Joni"

at "3- t, t’ 

' ,-P '0

I.s.c.- HILL‘EI.‘ IN ,A
5 4 -
soup/mew.

GATHERING.
  9. sit a

V .

Phi“: r’. i'~i‘ :

MAY 1, 1979

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

Mayfest a little too close to finals?

Come and party a week earlier at

Alumni Quad’s
Spring Fest

Featuring

Music by The Hooligans

Sunshine, frisbee and good times
5

Time? 2~7 p.51]? .Sgn” Nlay 6
lilace: Alumnl QTi-ad’s courtyard
( n the event of rain, will be held
in Brubacher l-Iall)

Price: $1.75 w/tax $2.25 w/out

 

 

 

 

_._::;:;:—L

 

 

 

More 'l'lCN

*******i************l**

The Trials and Tribulations of SA Elections

V  approaches the onset of SA elections with a certain uneasy
feeling in one's stomach. There are too many things that could go
wrong. and representing this newspa per's opinion, here are a few of the
worst things that could happen. and may become a reality when the
smoke finally clears:

-— The election could be invalidated. or a candidate could protest an
election and hold up its result foras long as the entire summc'r. Solution:
Pray that we have a good elections commissioner who is tharc of the
rules and regulations. and beyond that. is set on following them. ln light
of recent indications otherwise. this goal may seem a bit lofty. but by the
same token. previous failures can act as a careful watchdog to insure
current successes.

— The referendum to make the student tax mandatory for all
undergraduate students might not pass. Solution: Vote yes on the
referendum. Our student tax is the basis forall SA funding.and whether
you realize it or not. it is working for youevery day. If you area member
of any SA funded group. then your enjoyment derived from that group
owes its existence to the student tax. Justas tuition isa mandatory fee to
learn. room and board is a mandatory fee to survive. the student tax
should be a mandatory fee to have fun.and keep alive an SA that works
hard for you.

—— The NYPlRG referendum might not pass. Solution: Vote yes on
the referendum. Every two years. SUNYA students are asked to
consider the continuation of $2.00 of our student tax going to
NYl’lRG. NYPlRG is responsible for many valuable functions on this
catnpus. like the legislative intern program. community service work.
recycling bins. a media internship program.and a radio show and news
service as well. The referendum passed bya more than 9 to l margin two
years ago. and since then. NY PlRG has. ifanything. increased the scope
of their effectiveness in helping students become more aware.

Well. there are a few of the worst. It’s true. many things could go

wrong. but many things could go right as well.

For example. a victory for more than one of the presidential

candidates could be viewed as a good step. or things going right. Yet. the
ASP has decided to endorse Sharon Ward for SA president. a decision
the endorsement committee felt was the best course for SUNYA and SA
through the student perspective. ' ‘
There is a difference between things going right and things going
great. and we felt that this fine line ofdistinction gave Sharon the edge
over her fellow office seekers.

lf Sharon is elected, then thin
her position. then things have gone great.
outcome and the performances.

On a different note. the ASP

gs have gone right. and if she succeeds at
Only time will tell the'

would like to endorse Mike Levy for‘»

reelection to Central Council as an off-campus student. During his stay
on Counctl. he has shown the utmost dedication. an unimpeachable
integrity. and a capacity for hard work not found in every member. A
vote for Mike is a vote for a better Council then one without him.

At this time. after raving and rantingabou the election for quitea few
lines. we would like to make an appeal to the student body. The power
of the vote is the cornerstone ofdemocracy. Your vote will help decides
many issues. defeat certain candidates. and elect a new.SA president. lf
you do not vote. you have given up a right that is a privilege to have.

The ASl’hopcs in all sincerity that each and every one ofyou reading
this will get out and vote during the next few days. no matter who it is
for. or what position it takes. We must demonstrate to the powers that
be that we are a concerned student body. with a voice that must be
heard. Your vote is your voice right now. and to stay silent is a terrible.
waste.

Voting begins tomorrow. May 2. and will continue until the end of
dinner on May 4. You can vote at each of the quad's dinner lines. or in
the campus center during the days. All you need is a tax card. a pencil.
and a concerned student mind. The rest will come easy. '

Best of luck to all the candidates. and may the best person win.

(f
Endorsement Process

part of the process was yet to come. We had
been discussing each candidate amongst us
during the interview process. but now was the
time to sit down and make the choice. On
'Sunday. the committee met for an intensive
seven hour session. and emerged from the
meeting room at about |0130 pm. with a

decision secured.

The decision was arrived at much in the
same way a jury operates: we were looking for
unanimity. and worked not toward a simple
majority. We entered the process without any
predetermined feelings. and our only
inﬂuences were the candidates. and the
opinions of fellow committee members.

.We have done ottr very best to make what
we think is the best cltoicc forJlte students of
SUNYA.and we hope that you will tryand do
the very same. '

Endorsiiig a presidential candidate is no
easy task and the decision making process that
the ASP Endorsement Committee went
through was a time consuming. grueling series
of interviews. rc-intervicws. group interviews.
any many hours of discussion. debate. and
finally. decision.

The process was simple. Each of the
candidates was interviewed by the six—
tnentber committee for one hour last week.
The questions ranged from those on personal
qualities. to highly specific ones on issues and
answers. Topics covered included academics.
safety. campaigns. budgetitig. and a host of
questions dealing with relations. skills.
weaknesses. and overall ability.

When the hour long interviews were all
completetl. the committee went back and re-
questioued those candidates who we felt
we hadn't adequate information on. When
that was finished. we ended the ittterviewing
process by having all of the candidates meet
with us at once. to give-us a final view of each
of them. and to also sde how they reacted to

Miriam Epstein
Jay Gissen
Dave Gold

Michele Israel
Debbic~Kopf

 

 

each other. . . .
Onee the interviewing was over. the hardest brtc Sellinger

-‘u‘ ‘ 1...; .

i

wuss-cram 
""“*"“‘ W ~.~.e ~.i- \‘......‘

 

