 

 

Porn:

not always start so easily.
Especially when the movie
employs actors who undress
before beginning work. Sex on
the screen. Softcore. Hardcore. X-rated.
Smut. Art. Porn. That is the problem in a

 

Brian Kurtzer

 

nutshell. You can't put a label on
something that hasn't been properly

 

deﬁned.

Speak with the experts, the policy-
makers, the policy-followers, and the
viewing public. Attempt to arrive at a
conclusion. But the only real consensus is
the confusion, the ambiguity about the
law, and the nature of the subject. The
problem starts at the top.

"The average person. applying
contemporary community standards
ﬁnds the material patently offensive and
appealing to the prurient interest. In
addition. the material, taken as a whole,
must be void of any artistic, political, or
scientiﬁc value.” Tltis is part of the
Supreme Court’s deﬁnition of obscenity.
Who's the average person? How do you
deﬁne community? The Court leaves us
hanging. And arguing, in courts around
the nation. Probably, some small
community somewhere could find a Walt
Disney film obscene.

What, exactly. 'is the point anyway?
Ban the movie, and what? Someone,
somewhere (maybe you) is probably
answering. .bvith conviction, “And you
protect the moral ﬁber of society. You
keep people from seeing things that
would induce some of .themto commit
sex-crimes." Maybe.

Dr. Robert Athanasiou became
interested in the subject of pornography
sometime around I970 (he kiddineg
answered,“At age ll or 12.") while doing
postdoctoral work at Johns Hopkins.
Since then he has lectured extensively on
the topic. He is anacknowledgedexpert.

Athanasiou relates that studies have
shown that the whole Danish experience
(where obscenity laws don't exist) has
decreased their incidence of sex crimes
and, more importantly, the recidivism
rates of sex criminals in that society. It is

A Clouded Issue

. he projection machine does v

his contention that the same
desensitization of society to the issue
could occur here, given similar
circumstances. '

But, obscenity laws do exist here, and
Athanasiou is well aware of the many
problems that exist in making the lawa

work. To make his point clearer. he tellsa -

story. .

“Every year l must badger the customs
department so that I can materials for my
lectures," he said. “I need permission so

that i can import materials from

Denmark. Recently. I was down in New
York. l stopped into an adult bookstore
on 42nd Street, to see what type of stuff is
currently on the market. They had the
exact: materials that l,.imported from
Denmark. This is an'example of the
pluralism of ignorance. Ofﬁcials are
trying to prevent material from coming in
that is already apart of the community.”

Definition of community is the
important concept in the current debate
at SUNYA over whether Tower East
Cinema and Albany State Cinema will
show X-rated movies. In the X-rated film
policy issued by the Student Activities
Ofﬁce in January 1976, it is stated that
community is deﬁned as broaderthan the
campus community. Also, if the ﬁlm is
currently on “trial” in the New York State
or Federal Court System. it cannot be
shown (except when it is part _of an
educational program that is in keeping
with the educational program standards
of the University.) This is why ASC and
TEC were advised not to show “The Devil
and Miss Jones,” and “Deep Throat,"

respectively.

According to Kathy Nussbaum (Asst.
Director of Student University Activities
and Campus Center). there is litigation
against both movies in Albany County.
While Jim Doellefeld (Acting Director)
has commissioned legal advice to ﬁnd out
exactly who would be liable (if a
complaint was brought against a movie
shown here), and what the likely'
deﬁnition of community is as applied to
this campus, Dr. Athanasiou vehemently
asserts the rights of the university to show
these movies without fear of prosecution.

“I ﬁnd it offensive that a state
institution is being intimidated when law
precludes their being prosecuted,“ he
said. Athanasiou claimed that there has
never been acase of university losing such
a case. It is always considered that the
movie is shown for educational purposes
in such a situation. Also, the University is
a community in and of itself (especially
when non-lD holders are not admitted to
the movies —— ASCand TEC policy for X—
raters). “If you could show a clear and
present danger. it would be different,” he
added. “That's not what we‘re talking
about. Limiting what people can do based
on taste, Values. opinions, not on
behavior — for that to go on in an
institution of higher learning is totally
offensive to me."

Doellefeld. in a sense, agrees. “People v

should be exposed to the full range of
cinematic endeavors. We do not in any
way want to censor the ﬁlms." But
Doellefeld, after considering that since
1976 precedent has been set in the courts.
has decided to retain legal advice before
changes, if any, are made in a new film
policy. Would the ﬁlm policy be
developed before the student groups have
to inform the distributors whether or not
to book the ﬁlms? “I don’t know,"
answered Doellefeld.

Why do people want to show X-rated
movies in the ﬁrst place? Money?
Admiration for the quality of the
product? Cheap thrills?

Bob Leo, Director of TEC, says that his
organization (which is not SA funded).
looks for movies that are good and will
make money. Why “Deep Throat?"

“l've been told it is the best porn movie
ever made. It‘s funny and entertaining. it
is a way to make money." Bob answered.

He went on to explain that “Throat”
only costs 5375‘ as compared to “Foul
Play" which costs $1000. He considers
“Throat” a guaranteed sellout.

“People don‘t usually get a chance to
see it. We would want toshow movies like

 
 
 
 

 , up.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
  
  
  
  
 
  

fr/f/ /
I //////

       
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘Star Wars,‘ ‘Close Encounters'; movies
people would go see. 'Deep Throat‘ ﬁts
into that category.”

There are some people, however. who
do not hold “Deep Throat" in such high
regard. Leo attributes the following
statement to the assistant D.A. — “If my
daughter went to that school and they
showed ‘Deep Throat', I would pull her
out."

Albany State Cinema. althoughfunded
by SA, has a similar philosophy to TEC.
Marilyn Forman, president, explained
that their aim is to show popular movies
at low prices. She said that they also
regard high quality, and show the best
movie available on a certain date. They
have set aside an open date foran X-rated
movie. Does this mean some sort of
acknowledgement of the high quality of
production associated with X-rated
movies?

“We're using student tax dollars. if
that‘s what they want, we'll show it," she
commented. Marilyn conceded, however.
that if there was a choice to be made
between the porn ﬂick and any other
movie on the schedule, the X-rater would
not be shown. Furthermore, the ASC
board vetoed “Fritz the Cat", a critically
acclaimed X-rated cartoon — for “racial
reasons".

Kids if you want some fun.
See what you never have seen

Take off your cheaters and sit right down
Start the projection machine

 

 

ASC at the present moment is planning
to book the “First Erotic Film Festival,"
provided there is a new policy from SA
that permits such a movie to beshown. in
the student movie business. whatever the
people want, the people get. On this
campus, they want porn.

0n the other local campuses, the
situation varies. Are there any speciﬁc
policies regarding the presentation of X-
rated movies on the campus of R?”

The spokesman at the other end ofthe
phone laughed. “I think it's against school
policy — it's never been done."

Siena?

An ofﬁcial-sounding voice in their
Student Affairs ofﬁce answered. Very
ofﬁcially. ~“There is no separate policy.
However, the Code of Rights and
Responsibilities has a statement that
covers the exclusion of X-rated movies
from being shown on campus."

Union?

According to the head of the ﬁlm
council. Doug Koch, “We show one or
two a term. But, there are a couple of
movies that can't be shown in
Schenectady County by law." The two
movies — “Devil and Miss Jones,” and

“Deep Throat".

Soon you will be eighteen

   
   

The Inquiring? Pornographer

undown, cave-like, bacillus-

infested muck holes. Shadowy

places, unﬁt for the gentleman

and unthinkable for the lady;

crannies riddled with
dementia, where between-the-lines Ratso
Rizzos prowl and claw in pursuit of cheap
thrills. flesh. and raunch. Armpits of
civiliz '

Steve Ostor

 

 

Such are the characteristically graphic
connotations of the friendly
neighborhood porno house. With a
certain emphasis on neighborhood
because cverybody's has one, most have
visited one, and yes, Virginia, some even
frequent them. Yet they remain enigmatic
thrill cmporiums, often bitterly attacked
by concerned citizens and press-hungry
district ztttorncys. So shrouded in
stereotypical publicity, they, and the
people who run them, bear the brunt of a
misunderstanding public.

Not that skin-flicks, pornos, dirties,
hard-cores, fuckie-suckics, bluc movies
77 wluttcvcr tcrm one latched onto in high
school don‘t have their fans. Witness
lhcir numerous and diversified clientele!
From senators to geeks.

A geek. according to Dave, manager of
the l’ctit Cinema, Albany's most
successful porno purveyor, are “guys who
bite the heads off oflive chickens." Geeks
are the most bizarre of his patrons. who
include salesmen, ladies from bowling
leagues, and couples.

“In the afternoon," he explains behind

‘ his tintcd glasses. “we get a lot of salesmen

and people having their cars ﬁxed trying
to kill time.“ The Petit sits on Central
Avenue, smack in the middle of Albany‘s
automobile alley. Dave — stocky, sandy-
haircd, and endowed with a permanently
sardonic smile — is perched atop a stool
tearing tickets, dropping the stubs into a
hole on the top of one ofthose cylindrical
objects ushers throw ticket stubs into.

Betwccn rips he was describing his
customers. “We getjust about everyonc in
here . . . senators, businessmen, women
. . . from all walks of life." And, as the
cash registers tills, (“I make ﬁve hundred
a week myself"), he gets lots of them.

But what kind does he get? Demented,
depraved, disgraceful, degenerate societal
castaways? Creatures from Republican
nightmares spreading pestilence across
YOUR neighborhood with every
Tuberculinc breath?

“Actually, they're usually quite
pleasant," says strawberry blondc Patty
through the hole in the cashier‘s booth. A

 

mother of two who works at the Petit
“because it‘s ajob and l‘ve got children to
support." Patty doesn‘t care much for the
ﬂicks she paddles tix for (“I prefer Walt
Disney"). but she ﬁnds the people she
meets to be “nice and polite."

Dave agrees. “We never have trouble
here. The other [straight] theatres around
town have much more problems —ﬁghts.
kniﬁngs . . . 1 go out with a girl who
works at Cine 1-6 and she gets treated
much worse than Patty.“

t?"

Polite, pleasant businessmen, salesmen
and senators. Sounds like a PTA meeting,

doesn‘t it? Hard Core
Pornography.

“Olt, we get our share of wcirdos in
here," acknowledged Dave. “We get this
couple in here regularly who do their
thing right in their seats [Patty is
blushingl] . . . but for the most part the
people are okay."

Dave is okay too, by some community
standards. “l've been a movie
projectionist, mostly in ctraight movies,
since I was nine . . . it put me through
college. When I tell people what I do they
tend to look at me like I‘m a slovcnly
character . . . but 1 tell them I'm a
businessman who does the payroll same
as the guy who owns the Handy-Andy,
except I sell fuck and suck movies."

Where is the ﬁlth? Onc enters the Petit
with visions of serpents and ﬁnds grey
flannel. if the fans are not vile, then what
of the films themselves. Compellcd by
journalistic responsibility I push openthe
red door marked “Cine 1" and step into a
surprisingly small shoebox of a room
with rows of red seats to my right. It is

Except it's

I think you know what I mean
Don’t tell your Mama

Your Daddy, Your Mama
They’ll never know where you’ve been

 

_ NW“. w .v, ,m».._...,_

Steely Dan ,

 

:

 

-- .J‘T. . ' ....~-.y. V  ,w. ,7 , “WW , 

     
 

overheated and swirls of smoke dart in
and out of the projector bearw 'l he
machine-hum ofthe projector islot'lt «ad
with the smoke and heat combines to
conjure up a “Johnny's dad‘s dirties in the
basement" image.

No one stirs as I walk by. As a matter of
fact, no one seems to be doing anything
communiCative at all; rather everyone
stares straight ahead. It's as if they have
blinders on. l am sure none of them are
aware of just how diverse a group they

 

are. A painted lady sits next to a three—
piece suit sits next to a blue and white ski
jacket sits, next to a ripped sports jacket
sits next to . . .

On the dwarf screen a chubby, black
and white young lady engages in
bizarrities with an equally chubby, black
and white young man. She is not much of
a beauty, but, hey, she's alright, and as the
song goes, that's alright with everyone
here. Everything develops but the plot,
and within a few short minutes the endless
grinding pelvic thrusts begin to get
boring.

“They're boring as hell," Dave later
acknowledges. But exactly what is porn
then, besides boring? “The term
‘pornographic‘ is not valid." he explains,
“in that everyone's idea of pornography is
different.

“I think we perform a public service.
There are a lot of people who couldn't get
laid with a ﬁfty dollar bill between their
lips. . . porn is their one source of sexual
contact. For others it's a kick or
something to kill an otherwise dull
cvcning.

"The pornography industry should be
legalized. from prostitution to blow-up
party dolls. After all, I'd rather see two
people screwing each other than killing
each other."

It‘s difﬁcult to argue with that kind of
logic. Dave, the businessman, peddling a
little excitement to those who, for varied
reasons, look to fill a few hours. A
“whatever gets you through" attitude is
appropriate. A tad of disappointment.
perhaps. forthose expecting scum-of—the-
earth-grecn-scalcd depravity. However.
on a good night one might witness a

reactionary. John Bircher Senator from
the western tier, wired for the night,
chomp off the head of a live chicken.

 

 

 

 

