 
    

    
 

 

 

 

 

 

The Bands Were
' All" Together

. 4 .
It Was Alright...
conlinued from previous page
Elton John. who was closing in on the apex Were other people like them." Johansen
of his career. released Gaodbye Yellow Brick Tecalled~ "A WhOle new 9905mm" 0f
Road (1973) and became the king of glitter. nighlhai-‘Jks JUSl sprang "P around U5~"

' Bowie was already off on his Diamond Dogs The market and general appeal of rock had
tangent as 1973-74 became a banner year for QYOW” “"0 3" awesomely large Industry. ROCk
British rock. Led Zeppelin released what .many became a" “WPle NUSlcal calEQOW. not Just
consider to be their best album to date, the “ﬁnal depmu'e Wl‘lCh it represented in
Houses of the Holy. Yes played Tales From ‘he 605‘ PsyChOdeua “’55 a thing 0f the Past
Topographic Oceans. The Who bore and as a" "‘9 hippies made their way to the

barber shop In favor of a sleeker but never-
Quadrophenla. Pink Floyd did The Dark Side mete“ radical style. the world began '0 realize

:1.:::.:t:7:.'.::;.3:'t;:kisses: is“?  30:" wants 
osta c 0 5c . on its
sian Play. The British superbands were inuifzgi 36cm]: me music's vibram energy hadgread“
trol. it was the start of variogs néhECk ed a feverish pnch as producnon maslers “kc
dym‘mes WhICh how “rm to 'h'5  Ze _' Todd Rundgrcn and Stevie Wonder sought to
lhe “5' again; Slones' Bow'e' .Yes‘ 0' p make music increasingly complex and diverse.
pelln- TU": Floyd '_ you can I bea'hn‘d f d d Almost anyone could find their own brand of
89 the 9nd 0' 1974' me 9"?” Ka gee" music within the context of rock. and as [an
andafermages Changed‘ bu' 'lhe "'gbangs Hunter had prudiclutl. it seemed that “the
and me decadembamge 0' Bm'S'SUPC' golden age of rtii'k 'n roll would never die "
were in control of the mustcal market. This is
not to say that America didn't have Its noble
efforts; James Taylor's Sweet Baby ilmlwh
Todd Rundgren‘s SomethingAnything. Neil
Young's After the Gold Rush. The IIuglus. and
the ever-loyal San Francisco following lead by
Jerry “Captain Trips" (Barcin and .lnrma
Kaukonen. But as for comparison. then! is lit
tie that can be made - ilit’ crown stayed in
England.
Over on America's oust must. Lou lit-ml
tookjunkit.‘ rock to its highest level with Rock n
Ru” Antnmlfi‘ﬂ/l). a live Acudetiiy of Music
recording which made the drug mien-'ncus trtt
Sticky Fingers look lllic a baby food cornint-t‘
ciai. Reed is the grandfather of punk. and llkt‘
Bowie. consistently remained one step ahead
of the field. a trail which oft times chides com

in 1975. u strcut punk from Asbury Park.
New Jursz convinced the American youth
that they were "Born to Run," Here was a for
mula that any kid could relate to ~ Bruce Spr
ingstccn was tnkin' it to the streets. Although
many Consult-rod Springsteen's overwhelming
success to ln- tln- l‘lilltilllt' oi L‘tiiiiliit‘ft‘lutl liypv.
lime and t'litlltl‘rittt‘t' would eventually
disprove ilint lint the round companies did
have tlw light itlvn in tho st't'ond half of the
“is rock music would mnw down from the
llthiil' of hlttit‘l‘slrttthtlil and walk llil' streets in
.i lt‘rtlltt’l jrtt'lit’l

Due to record company disputes. Springs-
teen lay dormant for the next three years. But
tncrcial success. a dim Morrison-like poet~composer was ready
"Plucked lwr (‘yobrows along lltL‘ way. '0 Ple ulJ ill” SlaCk- From "10 CBGB CU“
shaved his legs and the he was .r Slit’. Sltt.‘ said can“! Pam 5mm]. Willi her "’5‘ WINS“. enml'
ed Horses. Powerful. bold. and wild. Patti

. “Hey man. take a walk on thtI wild silly."
made the musical world take it's second hard

Reed ‘song. Anibisuxuulity (triggered by

I Bowie. Jagger. and Reed) and wildness were lOOk ill SlTL’L’l leather iOCli.

Then in 1970. a rather weird musical

in and began to flourish ill rock acts. the most
phenomenon occurred which pushed “The

outrageous of which thrived in a downtown
Manhattan nightclub called CBGB's Boss" and Patti out of the spotlight, at least
One oiihe most notable CBGB builds wcit' temporarily. It wasn't strange that an attrac—
the NY. Dolls. led by David .luhdngcn wt“, tivu. guitai slinging vocalist with light CrilL‘lH'
I performed indrag. “Tin-re wurenllthcw tits-at tunes would catch the public eye and mch
fcctcd people who didn't know where then: with record-breaking success; that was all well

 

 

catcuiated. '. ' at was strange was t 9 inch of
live albums which followed Frampton Comes
Alive. it seemed that everyone wanted in on
the action — Zeppelin's The Song Remains
the Same. Dylan's Hard Rain. and Wings
Ouer America. just to name a few. 1976
became the year of the live album. a rather un-
creattve aspect to be noted for. The Song Re-
mains the Same is probably Zeppelin's worst
effort to date. Many think the same of the
Stones' ‘76 studio effort. Black and Blue. and
no one was overly impressed with The Who
By Numbers. it was this lull In creativity which
had the music-hungry public looking for new
alternatives.

An ever growing calypso beat. lyricized by a
dreadlocked Rastaman named Bob Marley
gained public interest quickly. The American
youth were drawn to reggae and the Jamaican
musicians who promoted heavy marijuana
smoking. "Ganja" and "herb" became com-
mon synonyms for pot. The Rastas gained
permanent musical citizenship and Peter Tosh
(Marley's tax-guitarist) would eventually
become the first non-Stone to record on Roll»
ing Stone Records.

in 1977 there came a fork in the road of
musical tastes. it seemed that to one side. lay
the beautiful people. represented by Travolta.
the Bee Gees. and the evcr~0rgasmic Donna
Summer. To the other side lay the unattrac-
tive. cynical outcasts. represented by Elvis
Costello. Cheap Trick. and the Sex Pistols.
The views and images were those of a twisted
mind:

“Ray Charles is a dumb American nigger."

-—- Elvis Costello

This was a wild and eye-catching new
breed. If you want to trace the gargantuan
eruption of disco to its roots. however. you'll
have to look back to 1975-76. when none
other than Ziggy himself released two "soul"
albums. Young Americans. and Station to
Station. Suddenly everyone wanted a piece of
white soul. Out came KC. and the Sunshine
Band and the Average White Band. This is
what lead disco to its great commercial suc-
cess. it was the one form of music that could
break through the racial barriers. Now even

_ the whltcys could get themselves a piece of
' soul.

As the fork in the road widened. various ar-
tists received acclaim for effort in their respec-

tive areas. but something‘WM 5”“ "ﬂu-Ine-
Some frowned on the overwhelming commer—
cial success of disco while others questioned
how much musical talent lay behind the likes
of The Ramones and Sex Pistols. Each form of
music had their kings and queens. but there
was no general consensus as to greatness. as
when the Fab Four were in office. The most
successful were those who could mesh the two
formulas. l.e.. Blondie's “Heart of Glass." the
Stones' “Miss You." The Dead's “Shakedown
Street." and Rod Stewart's “Do Ya Think l'm
Sexy?" Now you die hard rockers can claim
that these are disco songs. but a song doesn't
make an album or an artist. Not one of these
songs were released on what you'd calla disco
album. Rather. you'll find a mixture of rock.
dancing numbers. reggae, and acoustic songs.
Diversity was the name of the game because
anyone who's even remotely followed rock
music will tell you that extremes just don't last:
i.e.. Eiton's glitter. Frampton's cutesy tootsy
repore. and the drug-ridden antics of the Sex
Pistols. Nevertheless. they're great money
makers and the record companies will pump
these billibn dollar babies so full of hype that It
turns your stomach. Rock is a business and ge-
nuine talent plays a small part in business.

As the decade draws to a close. the gold-
plated curtain of Saturday Night Fever has
begun its descent and The Ramones' “Rocket
to Russia" is lost somewhere in Siberia. What
we're left with is a realm of diversity that incor-
porates all of the overly exploited musical
hinges of the past tun years. Time will wash
away anyom- who hasn't got an open mind
willing to explore and incorporate the
"Ch‘clt-changt’s" in taste and interest of its
youthful audience. As for the future. the
bands who have recently hit it big are more in-
fants. incapable of serving as logical predic-
tors. Thcrefore look to the past. The super
bands will endure. as they always have.
because their diversity and loyal followers
have enabled them to change with the times.
Also. as in the past. if you want to know what
you'll be listening to in a few years, check out
what Mr. Bowtc's doing now.

Now far be it from this writer to condense
ten years of social and musical change into a
few thousand words. Suffice then to say: it
was only roCk n roll. but we loved it! 70'-

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘ «1" as n

m“ “A I .. , 

dis-co

m

We tcr's New Collegiate Dictionary.-
. .ﬁi‘hafre > 'l'ZL'I.

r
"lo-c'a'a'u'a'-...v.m . g. noma. s o... on b Mlviﬁ

A

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

base. Men and women beneath them stru
as if by touching them the
then the announcer in n knltki inclu-I tnIkL-d
sacred helicopters rose
thousands holding their ragg
at the fleeing green swarm.

bold black and highlighted yellow.
devil: Mark Twain's devil; Milton's devil.

L

5

T

his “orienta
his head while trying to keep the thing lit.
would join us. He was an old Swe
damn." said Clinton looking at me. his eye
clightly nodding his head.

.. ‘ m turn. “God damn." i said.
mp " was y r and i really didn't care anymore. i even looked

fter three years of struggling i made the starting
tic Saturday in November against a team with red

more light, could see I
revolted against God's oppresst
talked about the contradiction of hell being a

weeks. i got to know it by heart.

usher. a black Viet vet.

forward to football practice because a
team. We. played a game on arc
helmets and a skull an

n; ‘tllit'tf lunn l‘l7'l
/\ swmm of helicopters swept ovu

y would be bit-ssod,
riliiilil tlit' t'vtit’iirttioii n

into the blue heavens and disappeared

i shut the TV and studied my anthropology book
in English we tnlkud
Someone asked “if Luc
ight and Satan meant Adversary. then does that mu
norc clearly. could seu the
'on. becoming the Satan.
“darkness visible."
That summer i worked at the Central 'l'heatcr as an t
“Hello Mr. Giddcs." “She's my
isler —~ daughter." And after the late show on Tuesday night i
named Clinton. who had
ight arm. We'd go into the locker room next to the
| delights" and offer them to me.
“God damn," And i
do who couldn't speak a w
5 white and wide. sm_

“Gut tam." repeated the projectionist.

School started and l was a senio

d crossbones on the side. They slaughter
We went into the visiting tea
changing area for gym. We gorged on sliced oranges and the
smells; the sweat. the bengay aroma of the heat packs. and
accidentally stepped on a bottle with his cleats).
"You miserable pigs." the coach called us.
teams in muscular dystrophy clinics." Another coach tried to
Coach. but he got slammed into a makeshift blackboard for his
ed to walk back on the field with you sorry scums.

ding next to me. rubbing his hands on the siic
Coach." The coach heard him and almost slapped Bob. but
mess with Bob. “You may think it's
We went back out on the field and the
scrimmage Bob blitzed the quarterback and cracked the sucke
back on the next play when they double teamed him. 'l we guar
rammed him and wrunclied his knee out of joint‘.
of his lug as they carried him off the field. We won the game ant
the. bus trip back. i illit‘ﬁ‘r we were undefeated Except Il.’>ob.‘wl
for tin operation. l mllt'd liitti up that night and lit! said, ()(H

We were down 32-0.

 

 

an: no; .. .1...“ . . w-.- ....r....,.........-c..

r .1 field of tall grass. They hot/ere
ichuri up towards the grce
like mournch beneath the cross. And

ud bags and luggage waving lists of rage.

Form follows function it read in
about the devil; the Bibles

an that Lucifer. because in: bad
tyranny of God. and consequently
the Adversary?" Then we
tsher. Chinatown played for six
closed with the head
a scar the. shape of a Cobra on his
projection room and he'd smoke

“God Damn." he kept repeating. shaking

0rd of English. “God

m's locker room. usually the girl's
7—11 perfume (Mobaum
“You weak faggots. l've fielded better
" Bob. the defensive captain. stan‘
ky orange peels. said. “We love you too.

funny but i think it's disgusting."
Coach went with us. On their first play from

You could see this knob sticking out

d over a concrete
Ii metallic insects

anigon while these

leaving the wailing
looking dumbly

ifei‘ meant Prince of

sister —- daughter —

hen the projectionist

iling tremblingly. and
They both looked at

ed us in the first half.

room was thick with

calm down the Head
trouble. "i am asham-

hesitated. One didn't

r's ribs. They got Bob
ds. one high. one low.

l sang victory songs on
to went to the hospital
1 damn."

itiilliiltit‘if on l‘I/it

 

 

 

' ' ' ' ' i6 é Jihkiﬁﬁ :A;"-'Lr;.;'.;.1I’Ixi-xnrn';--~1'GQ‘ﬂvoai-uvs‘ as.-.

 

r
it
-w- ...r

"uni-u. nw.~.

 

