"urn-«r...

 

 

 

 

Would CAPSUlftss‘

‘Lil Abner' Creator Dies

CAMBRIDGE, Mass. (AP) Al Capp, the cartoonist who
brought ,to life for millions of readers the world of
Dogpatch, USA. while earning a special place in American
folk culture, is dead at the age of 70. His comic strip, “Li'l
Abner," which Capp used to lampoon hypocrisy and
political hot air with hillbilly bluntness, was laid to rest two
years ago, after 43 years in the world's newspapers. Capp,
who died Monday, created the dim-witted and big-footed
Li'l Abner; blonde, busty Daisy Mae; scrappy, pipe-'
smoking Mammy Yokum and the all-giving Schmoos. He
made American institutions of the bumbling detective
Fearless Fosdick, Kickapoo Joy Juice, Lower Slobovia and
Sadie Hawkins Day — the day the maidens of Dogpatch
chased after the town's bachelors: Capp, who suffered
from emphysema. died in Mount Auburn Hospital near his
Cambridge home, his attorney, Alvin Hoehberg said.
Capp’s death came almost two years to the day after his
retirement. “A humorist has one duty — to be funny," he
said on his retirement. "Some are funny about kids, some
about dogs, some about mothers. i chose fraud. Whatever
was fraudulent. l attacked." Started in 1934 in the Depres-
.ion. “Li’l Abner" became an immediate success,
spreading to more than 900 newspapers around the world.
The strip became the basis for a hit Broadway musical in
I956. Capp earned $500,000 a year at his peak of fame. “in

“is prime, he was one of the two or three greatest cartoonist

:his country has ever produced,” said David Manning

White, a Virginia Commonwealth University professor and

specialist in the comics.

Wind-Power Tests Underway

ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) - The state‘s Power Authority has
offered three sites for federally sponsored tests of wind-
power potential, PASNY Chairman John Dyson announc-
ed today. The sites which PASNY would like to see con-
sidered for giant windmills are located at the St. Lawrence
Power Project near Massena, at the Blenheim-Gilboa
pumped storage facility in Schoharie County, and at the
James A. Fitzpatrick nuclear plant on Lake Ontario near
Oswego. Authority officials said the request for wind
testing at the sites has been made to the U.S. Department of
Energy which plans to establish 20 sites across the nation to
test windpower potential. PASNY officials said the initial
test would involve collection of wind-speed data for 24
months. The data would be used to determine if there was
enough wind at the site to make installation of large wind
turbines practical. Dyson pointed out that a meteorological
tower. used for such tests, already is in place at the nuclear
plant site in Lake Ontario. Should any of the sites be ap-
proved, PASNY and the federal agency would both par-
ticipate in the testing with the Energy Department responsi-
ble for major maintenance of the system.

r

 

 

A'noundy CAMpus- l

 

 

Running For Free Beer

in order to promote the sale of Tuborg Gold beer at
SUNYA, E&D Distributors on Railroad Avenue, Albany,
is sponsoring a “Run for the Gold" cross country run for
men and women on Saturday, November 17, according to
SUNYA student Michael Miller. All proceeds from the run
will be donated to Telethon ‘80.

Two on campus runs will be conducted that day, said
Miller, a 2.5 mile run at 11:00 a.m., and a five mile run at
“:30 a.m. The route will be determined by the Power
Plant.

The idea for the run grew out of a marketing project cori-

ducted by several SUNYA students. Miller, who is chair-
man of the group, explained the aim of their project:
“We're taking a beer that has zero demand on campus. and
we're trying to ﬁnd'ways in which to create a demand."
The marketing students involved in this project, said
Miller, are trying to “ﬁnd what appeals to students" in a
beer, such as low cost, and prestige labels.
, The beer being promoted, Tuborg Gold, is “a Danish
ibeer that's now being brewed In America,” said Miller. So
‘far, he added, the promotion has proved to be “very suc-
cessful."

The cross country run is one method the students are us-
ing to promote Tuborg Gold. Free T-shirts and mugs will
be distributed to all race participants as long as the supply
lasts. Prizes include a pair of running shoes, trophies, and
various gift certificates.

Admission fee for the run is $3.

 

.————I—i

 

usury. To Aid Cambodia

UNITED NATIONS (AP) The United States and other UN
members have pledged $210 million in emergency aid to
Cambodians threatened by starvation and disease inside
their war-torn country and in refugee camps in Thailand.
The United States reaffirmed its $69 million donation to a
daylong conference Monday, but UN. ofﬁcials declined
to give a breakdown for other countries, saying they were
made in various forms and covered different time spans.
UN Secretary-General Kurt Waldheim said of the $2l0
pledged, about $160 would go to Cambodia, where some 2
million persons face starvation and epidemics. He said most
of the remainder would go to Cambodian refugees iii
Thailand. Secretary of State Cyrus R. Vance told the con-
ference that the US contribution included $30 million
pledged by the President, $9 million in aid for refugees in
Thailand and $30 million in additional aid now going
through Congress. "Some issues transcend politics."
Vance said. “This is one of them. Clearly there are dif-
. ferences among governments on the political situation in
Kampuchea, Cambodia. But all of us must put those dif-
ferences aside as we ask all the authorities involved in Kam-
phchca to turn away from calculations Vof political and
military advantage .and turn to the overwhelming human
issne that is before us." Outside the UN headquarters,
more than 100 demonstrators from all over the United
States also called on the United Nations to take urgent steps
to prevent the Cambodian refugees from starving.

Iranians Threaten U.S. Lives

TEHRAN, lran (AP) lranian demonstrators threatened to-
day to execute some 50 Americans held hostage at the U.S.
Embassy in Tehran if the US government tried to rescue
them. Meanwhile, lranian Prime Minister Melidi Bazargan
resigned and Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini told his
Revolutionary Council to take over the government. “Ain
military or non-military attempt by the U.S. or its agents in
Iran to free the American spies held as hostages iii their cin-
bassy will cause their immediate execution," the
demonstrators said in a broadcast message. A West Ger-
man radio broadcast from Tehran also said other
Americans, employed by private US firms in iron, were be-
itig rounded up by armed lranians and taken to the US Em-
bassy grounds. The US government had ruled out any
military intervention, fearing this would endanger the
hostages. America's chief representative in lran. Charge
d'Affaircs L. Brtice Laingen had been negotiating with
Bazargan's government at the Foreign Ministry since Suit-
day when the demonstrators seized the embassy and
demanded the extradition of ousted Shah Mohammad Reza
Pahlavi, now hospitalized in New York. The US govern—
ment refused to meet the demand. The demonstrators at
the embassy also threatened Laingen today, telling him to
come out “from your hiding place" and surrender as soon
as possible “because your secret wireless contacts with
Washington will be of no help.” Hassan Tabatabai, an of-
ﬁcial of the premier‘s office in Tehran said Bazargan, who
has headed the government since the successful conclusion
of the lranian revolution last February, resigned because of
Khomeini’s escalating anti-American campaign. He cited
“developments over the past few days as well as Bazargan's
physical tiredness."

US. To Probe Klan Killings

GREENSBORO, N.C. (AP) The US. Justice Department,
acting under orders from President Carter, is expanding its
investigation of Saturday’s slaughter at art anti-Klan rally
as organizers of the demonstrators prepare to mourn their
dead. Police continued to search for at least one more
suspect and a white Ford compact, which was seen in a.
video tape of the shooting. Meanwhile, 14 men charged in

 

 

 

éareline: Novemben 6, 1979

 

.. . ~ tr.n.r.-~.w- 1- ~ ~ ~

the shootings were ordered held without bond after 3 misc
termed them “imminentiy dangerous to others in the com.
munily'u A probable cause hearing was set for November
20. The men sang “Onward Christian Soldiers" and “(rod
Bless America" outside the courtroom of Guilford County
Chief District Judge Robert Cecil. They were led into court
handcuffed together in pairs. Twelve of the defendants face
an additional murder count, police said, rollOWinp me
death Monday of another shooting victim, Dr. Michael
Nathan of Durham. At the White House, press secretary
Jody Powell said Carter had directed the attorney genera]
to cooperate in the investigation, and the Justice Damn.
merit had established a special unit to invCSllEillt‘ the
violence, dispatching two dozen FBl agents to the scene.
“The resurgence of the Klan is a matter of concern to the
president," Powell said. Police Chief William [2. S\\iilg
said six of the suspects identiﬁed themselves as members of
the Ku Klux Klan and three said they were members of NM
groups. Three white men and a black women wcrc killed
Saturday at a “Death to the Klan“ rally organized by um
Communist Workers Party, U.S.A. Nine other pumps
were hurt when gunmen drove up to the rally and rim-mid
ﬁre. Two remained hospitalized on Monday. Swing shin ,,
fifth murder count would be filed against the 12 men non.
charged with four counts of ﬁrst-degree murder and il con-
spiracy count. Two others are charged only with compiiucy
to commit murder. Swirng said police have confirmed lilill
“seven or eight" cars associated with the attacking gninncn
drove through the area of the rally. All but two had lcli the
.scene when the shooting erupted, he said. and one of the
two remaining cars -— a white Ford compact visible in ride.)
tapes of the event — remains at large. Nelson Johnson, an
organizer of the rally. charged the FBI, police, and unidcn.
tified government ofﬁcials were behind the attack. "I'm,
was not the action of a disorganized. motley group dined
the Klan," he told reporters Monday.

Gulf Tanker Blasts Continue

GALVESTON, Texas (AP) — Another series of C\[)lllslt)lls
rocked a burning oil tanker in the Gulf of Mexico 0\‘L'flllgitl
as oil seeping front its compartments continued to drill
toward shore. The Burmah Agate has been iliilt' \lllt‘L‘
Thursday. when it collided with the freighter Mimosa ilL‘dl
the entrance to the Galveston Ship Channel. 'luo more
bodies of crewmen washed ashore at Galveston lotht)‘,
bringing the confirmed death count from the crush to 1.1
Another 19 sailors are missing and presumed dead.
Periodic explosions have hampered efforts to control :hc
continuing fire on the Burmah Agate. Fireboms ililU.‘ lll.l|ll‘
taincd a round-thc-clock water barrage. The latest iouiul ol
explosions again caused the fireboats to scatter, but no ill-
juries were reported. On Monday. Coast Guard Chiul l’elty
Officer Richard Griggs said Navy equipment would he put
in place at Galveston “in the event we have to deal unh ii
lot ofoil. There's lots ofoil still on board that tanker," llic
Navy equipment is the same that was used against oil sccpi
ing from a blown-out Mexican well in thc Ila} of
Campeclic. That well continues to leak oil into the (hill.
and several South Texas beaches have been stained by it.
Oil from the Burmah Agate, which carried 400,000 barrels
of light crude oil, stretched 100 miles on the surface oi the
Gulf of Mexico and washed ashore in four places
on the Texas coast during the day, including
one four-mile stretch at West Beach. Officials said the unh-
born fire aboard the ship prevents them from boarding her
and stopping the oil flow.

F  ‘
iMedieval Magic

Standing iii the entrance of the Cathedral of All Sillll‘S is
a kill-clad bagpipes player, performing a catchy folk tunL'.
Off on the side stands a portable bithksmilil'ti shop. “llle
the modern day metal maker molds an iron pokci. II it
Saturday, November 3, and the Clocks hch Iwn llllllUl
back for the third annual “Medieval Ftiirc."

Held in the church on Swan atid Elk Streets in Allhon.
the fair promotes an image of the medieval ltgL's. Wow“ 1”
gowns and men in ﬂowing robes roam about the Cillillftll il.
festooned with banners and filled with ttrlisttns worlan 1“

 

 

LD. Photos Delayed

I Camera malfunctioning and lost ﬁlm has caused delays
in processing fer 400-500 student l.D. photos. according to
Assistant Registrar Richard Ohlerklng.

“Delays happen occasionally." says Ohlcrking,
“because we deal with the mail. it's easy for film to get lost
when we send it to get developed."

“it hasn't caused any major problems," he says, "and
we've retaken well over 200 photos as students come in with
their expired temporary slips."

Ohlerklng expects new 1.0. cards to be processed within
four to ﬁve weeks.

tichniqucs of tncdieval times.

One man, donned in a white inonk's robe, shom ills skill
in various forms of calligraphy, while a woman tlt'st'lll‘L"
priestly attire to a spectator. A “Punch and Judy" iWI‘lM
show entertains the children as the older crowd bu)“ l“"'
tcry. stained glass artifacts, woolen scarves. \wmlt'“
recorders, and a multitude of crafts. I

Or, the crowds flock around the sheep and 1401"“ t” “5””
to the storyteller. They eat cheese and drink wine or build it
castle.

Performers include dancers. jugglcrs, a PUPPC‘L'C“ ”
our own University Singers, and French dell-“mm”
member Betit Winn. Engliin department menihci liiiiuccs
Colby prepared dishes for the fair's Medieval lizinquct-

 

llli

 

 

  
  
 
   
 
 
 
 
   

 

 

by Donald Strickland

A handful of SUNYA students
are pacing, talking, and waiting for
the big green bus this bright but
windy November mornin . They

m

 

 

 

_._—_._—
scuff their shoes on the patterned
cobblestones of the administrative.‘
circle. Once the bus arrives, the
students will ride it north to the
hamlet of Dresden. New York, in

 
 

. .- .j..S..-,4.-.a.»._...,.,....._...,

 

A Quiet Army [Pleads “Never Again”

the Lake George region. There. a
vigil will be held outside the home
of_Vilis Hazners, a 74-year-old Lat-
vian national. He has been accused
of committing war crimes against
Jews, who lived in the Latvian city
of Riga, while he was an 5.8. of-
ficer in 1941.

The charges. according to
Rabbi Paul Silton of Albany's Tem-
ple lsracl, are that Hazners singled
out Jews for execution at the city's
ghetto gate, that he ordered Jews

r at
w.

x .,-i

4...: »

l‘i.‘

Photo: Margaret Brewster

gathered in front of llnlner‘s home.

Sign: "Hazners - In [94] the heat was on Gogol St. Now it is on you. " l

Humanities Advisement

A Budding Success '

by Vicki Zunltcli

The recently opened Humanities
and Fine Arts Advisement Ceiilcr
has become a “thriving operation,"
according to Center Director
William F. Grimes.

The Center, designed as a “third
dimension of advisement,” is cur-
rently advising 300 undergraduate
students, mostly sophomores, who
have not yet declared a major and
are interested in Humanities.

“We're trying to offer as much
advisement as we can. We’re con-
cerned with being an advocate of
student needs." said Grimes.

According to Grimes, the Center
was formed in response to parental
and student requests for more staff-
sttidcrit interaction. “The program
was created to give students more
opportunities to talk to faculty
about educational experiences."

l .  ,

“wagons”:  
Srk‘M/i‘ Ut'tNtNt; 5,

T //'\
r
s l-


. . kiln-down“ - o

    
 
   

 

L

'lli.m.l.i_u \‘.i t
till ru l,‘\\‘V"l‘rA|‘ _\

 

 

. It now

u .W. M;
..  {Ak'l'lk'

 

 

 

 

 

in addition, the Cctiter was
designed to provide information on
Humanities iii relation to other
academic and professional fields.

There are currently 10 Center atl-
visors whoofl'er advice in a variety
of areas, such as Theatre and
languages. However, said Grimes,
certain questions cannot be
answered.

“A student who wanted to be an
art therapist asked what courses he
should take. Notic of us really had
much experience in lliut field. We
will look into it further." he ex-
piaincd.

Grimes added that if sttch pro-
blems arise, the advisors will do ad-
ditional research. and later provide
the student “with sortie kind of
direction." However, in corn-
parison to the Center for

‘ continued on page nine

   
 
 
  
  
   
  

? Photo: Kttr/Clmn

Advisement Center Director William I". Grimes
‘Ttn' critter is currently helping 300 tyidergrotlutlte students.

NOVEMBER 7, 19%

 

. ..-'<' “‘0‘?”  r »

into the Great Synagogue on Gogol
Street, before burning it down, and
that he beat and tortured Jews, even
forcing some of them to scrub the
streets of Riga with toothbrushes.
More students gather at the cir-
cle. Scott Zemser, co-chair of the
Jewish Student's Coalition
(JSC)-Hillel's World Jewry Com-
mittee is speaking earnestly with
two other students. Over their street
clothes, they wear 'f-shirts
emblazoned with the words "Death
to Hazners". The backs of them
read “Never Again". JSC-Hillel

.Prcsident Mark Gurvis feels the

shirts reflect “a lot of conflict bet-
ween feelings. lt's an inherently
emotional issue. There is a broad
range of feelings."

As Gurvis speaks. a shiny
aluminum coffin is removed from a
van. “it's symbolic ofthe deaths of
12 million people, six million of
them Jewish," Gurvis explains.

“it's the tomb of the Unknown

'Jew," says Zemser. Students are

draping the coffin in a black
shroud, graced by a masking-tape
Star of David; 

The big green bus arrives. The
cofﬁn is loaded on. and the group,
lnumbering fifty, follows. "The
doors are shut. A ﬁlm crew from
ABC, filming rootage for a
documentary on war criminals,
follows in a sedan. The bus swings
around the circle and heads for the
Northway.

——-——l

The faded clapboard house sits
on a knoll. it is separated from a
pitted dead-end road by a stone re-
taining wall, which is cut by a nub-
bly driveway. The front steps are a
bit crooked, and the windows are
near-opaqued by plastic sheets. To
one side of the house is a dead tree,
barely supporting a collapsing
treehouse, and a wide-open garage;
it contains all the usual garagejunk:
lawn chairs, sawhorses, scrap
lumber, but no car.

if you stood inside the house and
looked out through those

cataracted windows, you would see
the sloping lawn, the road, and the
sudden drop of the hillside. you

    

_._ .

rwould be at eye level with the ruin
of weathered barns.

Up the road now walks a quiet,
determined army, led by the
pallbearers and their load. The ﬁlm
crew follows, lugging its heavy
camera and sound equipment. So-
meone plays lsrael's national an-
them. “Hatikvah”, The Hope, on a
recorder. ’

Zemser, clipboard in hand, puffs
up the hill, explaining the mission.
“it is to publicize the fact that there
is an alleged Nazi war criminal liv-
ing in that house over there who
took part in crimes against Jews in
Riga, Latvia in 1941, and worked
for the (United States) govern-
ment." Apparently. Hazners work-
ed for “Radio America." an anti-
communist news program. during
the 1950's Red scare. Zemser claims

‘that Hazners lied' on his visa ap-
plication in 1956 in order to gain en-
try into the country, but the lm-
migration Service let him in, know-
ing about his past.

Hazners is one of 200 such war
criminals living in the U.S., Zemser
says. Few have been tried for
unlawful entry here. None have

continued on page five

Embracing candles and anti-Null posters, the activists are led by Albany Rabbi I’uul Silton.

Silton: "The lesson - nut to repeal the silence of the Holocaust"

Student’s Robbery Trial Continues

by Doug Kohn
and Sue Mllligun

Defense attorney Lewis 13. Oliver
is expected to give his summation
today. as the attempted bank rob-
bery trial of SUNYA student John
Robinson continues iii the Albany
County Court.

Robinson has been charged with
third degree attempted robbery as a
result of an incident that occurred
December 13. 1978. He allegedly

robbed a Home Savings Batik
branch located at 163 Central
Avenue.

Robinson was on parole when ur-
rested. after serving a seven-year
prison terrii for two prior convic-
tions.

Oliver called the lust of the
defense witnesses Friday and Mori—
day. - V

li.li.l. fingerprinting expert
Leonard Dreihclhis testified Friday
that the fingerprints on the holdup
note were Robinson's. Oliver
argued that the prints were not pro-
perly prepared by the Albany Police
Department, so were not reliable
evidence. Oliver pointed otil that
the previous witness, Detective
Douglas Muyvillc, testified that he
may have dortc a “less than perfect
job" in processing the prints.

Drcilbclbis, however, testified
that "the prints were definitely
identifiable" and that thc‘i'olicc
Department's “deficiencies iii pro-
cessirtg the prints had little or no ell
feet in identifying them.“

Monday morning the testimony
of Robinson's girlfriend, Linda
Chusid, was read to the court
because she was unable to ttppcur in

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

the trial.

in her written testimony she said
she knew Robinson owed $800 to
UAS Check Cashing and said he

by James Dutcher

 

\‘lll

.i..-s’i~cri=~.  v' - '

Tire fitie art of thumbing a ride has becotiie more tlnui just stan—
ding in the right place or clutching the door handle while glancing at
the driver otit of the corner of your eye.

. At least it has for State University College at Oncontu (SUCO)
students, thanks to a new “safe hitching" decal program devised by
members of.SUCO's Student Senate.

According to Senate Transportation Committee member Rob
Gctlam, the program's goal is to make student drivers readily idcn~
tifiablc to student hitchhikers. He pointed out that many students
liitclihike to and frotn caitipus daily.

The Senate's original proposal involved the use of SUCO security
stickers, rather than specially designed decals. The stickers, man-
datory for all students parking in SUCO facilities. would have been
moved frotn the driver's side of the windshield to the pttsscngcr's
side, where they could be easily seen by hitchhikers. Special dccttls
became necessary when campus police refused to cooperate. SUCO
Public Safety Director Timothy McCarthy claims the program con-
doncs hitchhiking and is against the best interests of the students.

Senate members disagree with this view. “The program does not
condone hitchhiking," the organization's president said, "no matter
what we do, students will hitch. We are just facing the reality of it."

The Senate transportation committee is presently working on 0
standard application forrii which will record relevant information
about the crtr and driver, should identification be needed. According
to Getlnrn, decals will be made available to all SUCO students with
clean driving records. No students charged with driving while intox-
icated will he issued decals, he added.

The program exists partly in response to student concern stemming
from it 1977 incident in which a SUCO female student was assaulted
id killed while hitchhikhig near the Oneonta campus.

Photo: Margaret Brew/er

borrowed a total of $1900 from her.
She suspected that he used the UAS
check rrioney and other loans for

continued on page/tw-

' soc Oneonta Installs l
Safe Hitchhiking Plan

 

_J
PAGE THREE

 

 

 

