 

 

 

 

 

Aspects . n

 

 

Aspetts- r r'

 

      

 

 

 

  

cordially invites you to this year's lst annual
SWEDEin WEB UQEEBEL
meeting
to be held this Monday night at 8pm

 

in the PatrOon Lounge
on the first floor of Campus Center

All invited.......please join us

INFO: call 7-7508

 

 

University '
Concert Board
Weekly Meeting

Monday September 17
in CC Assembly Hall

‘ Attention”

nyokman nuns
Rampant!!!

Friday, Sept. l4

9 pm
Dutch Quad II-Lounse

Everyone Welcome!

The SUNYA Gay and Lesbian
Alliance is having a party!

  

Tuesday. Sept. 18.
9 pm. CC 375

Please join us for Food and Wine
and Good Company!

 

 

l

    
      
     
    
      
     

Page Go

The first thing that struck me about the
Knack's debut album was that the jacket
reminded me of the Beatles. Onexamining the
front and back covers of the record in the
store, i found many similarities to the early
Beatles. /

Craig Zarider

The album cover has a photo of the four
band members, as did "Meet the Beatles." The
back cover is a photo of the group in an Ed
Sullivan-like T.V. concert. They are all
identically dressed — the drummer. and the
bass'st, the rhythm and lead guitarists —— all
wearing the same conservative black pants,
black shoes, white shirts, and even thin black

 

 

 

 

ties! Perhaps only a Beat lemaniac would feel

lAnie Golden of The ShirtszTrea

The Shirts, a brooklyn-based band lead by
singer Annie Golden. have been together for
approximately five years. What they have
been doing for those five years, however. is
rather questionable. if you happen to hear a
few tracks from their newalbum “Street Light
Shine", you may have been wondering what
they've been doing, since they have obviously
'not been playing much music.

Simone deNu

 

“Stroei Light Shine" is lacking depth and
substance, and in tlrr-r'nd fails tor‘apltu't' the
listener's irrtcrtst. Ter Shirts, who havo been
enjoying mild success in the past year or so,
have managed to throw together some poor
compositions, loose harmonics, drill
instrumentals, and other qrtalitios; typical of
your local high School bands.

First, tlwrv art' the tours. tlwrrw-lvm. 'i'lrt-y
aru simply not good, ‘l'hoy sound likre simply
ruhashing, of popular rock tunm We have all
heard (lo/cm of times. The Cars and Blondie
can get away with it hrrt not tho Shirts.

The arrangements on tunes such as
"Kesst'ngton Gardens" and "'I'I'iungufurn" are
over done. Poor use of electronics and a
monotonous flow make the llllllilt'fit) beautiful
you feel like you're right there in your (lont ist's
office.

The harmonies on "I Feel So Nari/nus" do
not jive and are anything but pleasant. On
"Can't Cry Anymore", Annie sings in thestyk:
of Diana Ross . . . ten years ago. if that's

 

 

 

what you would like to hear, howover, maybe

   
 
 

ding water on the new wave.

this way, but the back of the jacket just 
to have an essence of the Beatles, including
lead guitarist Berton Averre's John Lennon-
like pose at the mike (legs spread apart and
slightly bent). Averre even seems to resemble
Lennon. though he's closer to a cross between
Lennon and an early Pete Townslfend.
Forget the record jacket similarities, the
influence of the Beatles on the music of the
Knack iseven more obvious. Flrst oiall,most
of the songs on the albumend on a finalchord,
rather than a fade out, just like most of the
early Beatles songs. Many song contain
Beatle-‘sh sounds or techniques. Forexample,
“Maybe Tonight" contains the same hi~hat-
sounding accented hissing as is heard on
"Strawberry Fields Forever". Also, thescxy
rocker. "Good Girls Don’t", has a harmonica
opening like many early Beatles song: and 'a

q I

 

'lll'ns Around
The Gollar

you should pick up one of Rose’s albums
instead. "Starts With a Hunﬁhake” is one of
those tunes with a repeating baseline that goes
nowhere fast. "Out On The Ropm", another
tune on "Street Light Shine". sounds like it

should have been on a Blondie album instead.

All in all, most of the songs on the album have
little going for them, if that much.

There are two songs with some redeeming
value. "Outside the Cathedral Door" is one of
the few tunes on the record where the Shirts
haw the right idea. involved in tlw tune is
some interesting synthesizer work and a fair
instrumental, all culminating in a grand.
majestic build up. But own on onv of Ilroir
lx-tto‘r works, sonw'hing is missing.

Thr- only turw that this reviewer downs truly
"good" song is “Milton at tho Sonny". This in
the only point Wllt'l’t‘ any kind of (‘rt'altvo
lm'nrtl producing is soon. it iru lltnt'aboltl an
old time jazz musician who revisits thoSavoy,
whcrr- ht,- ll‘k‘il to play. A woodwind wr'tiorr
adds sumo good old time jazzy flavor to thr-
song. Mutr'rl trumpets and clarirruts stir
thoughts oi that jazz t'l‘it.

Also, AnrrioGoldr'n must Ixrgivr'ncrodit for
her emotional and wrrsitivo voico, as best
displayed on "‘l'r‘r'ungrrlurn". Her talr-nt
certainly puts hot in a class abovr- the rust of
the musicians on tlw album. Maybo she'll
realize this, and either change hands, or
change the rest oi the Shirts.

“Street Light Shine” is not an attempt at
anything new. Their sound has been heard
before. instead oi stopping the listener in his
or her tracks, the Shirts are content to rehash

the amt: old song-s in the same old way.
M Ween

  
 
  
  
   

j ’separating us from theaction, the pain ‘5 iairly

Our Knack

very Beetle-like, repetitious ending. On side
two, the song "Heartbeat" opens with, and
repeats a phrase, that sounds uncannin like
the cascading beginning of "Eight Days A
Week". it also contains a bass bridge like that
found in "Please Please Me". There iseven a
song "The Monkey and Me" (as in “Me and
My Monkey"), at the end of which is heard a
group of people laughing.

As for the lyrics, aside from being
somewhat dirty, there is nothing extremely
original. The girl-tormenttboy theme (as in
Billy Joel's "Siiletto") is presented in the songs
"Lucinda", “That's What the LittleGirls Do",
“Frustrated”. and "(She's So) Selfish".
“Lucinda” and “That's What the Little Girls
Do" are two oi the album's best tunes, with
variety and catchy melodies in both. The hit
singles on the album are “ My Sharona", a
jerky rocker with a superb guitar solo by
Averre, and

 

After seeing North DailasForty, you'll
never be able to watch a Monday Night
Football game in quite the same way. On TV.
with miles, both literally and figuratively,

abstract; we know when someone is hurt, but
'the realization is nrore intellectual than
emotional. But this film puts us right on the
field and we see those faceless, macho heroes
wincing in pain. Therein lies North Dallas
Forty's strong point, everything is seen from
the field, not the stands and the people behind
it are not worshipping fans but critical
commentators. Admittedldy this is an expose
with all the problems of the genre (ire,
overstatement, melodrama, exaggeration,
and a general interest in the lurid details) but

. what distingu'shes it from The Oscar, The

Choirboys, and similar works is its
intelligence and, for the most part, good taste.

 

3:1“ .

The ads make this look like the Semi-Tough
revisited w and to a degree it is, at least in
attitude, if not plot. it has the same kind of
"rollicking" study humor, the iun~|oving.

players, and the asshole coaches and owners

who take it all too seriously. But, what this
film does that Semi-Tough and countless
others before it failed to, is delve beneath that
seemingly shallow surface to reveal the

‘ insecure, frightened, even paranoid men who

That is not as much as my attitude as it is the
film's, the players are always bcingtroalod like
children and tlrtay au- more than willing to art
the part. This fooling is partly rmporuriblc for
the film's psychological dr'pth; the mun for-I
safe being trr-rrlr'd ltl’a' kids, it removes tho
r‘Lssporrsibilition, yr'l at the saint' lllttt' tht'y
rt-sxtnt it. Thu rrranagomt'nt plays on llrts
duality by .rpplyrng ran-fully tlt‘tltt’ﬁlritlt'd
prrsusur‘r' so tlrr- Inutr's fury roar‘lrr-s .r [x'ak tlrr'
day oi tho garrro. Not owr'y Mayor is. utrnplr'
t‘rrough to gr-t Il‘rijt'llt'fl ill‘rl by looking at a
picture of tho opposing loam, most of the men
llertt to ho torn apart ltl‘dtlt.‘ bolorr' tlruy'll gut
on that llt‘ltl to gut torn apart on tho outside.
Wo'rt: novrn told this dirr'ctly, but tho
filmmakers rrrakr- tl r‘luar that sorrwthingothor
than moan and glory rnotivrttcs those mun.
Director Turl Kotr lrrrfl and ru‘r‘t'onwriturs
Koit‘htrfi, Frank Yablana and Poker (ir'nl
(who wrotr' llrr' novel) go out of limit. way in

“North Dallas Fortv
delves beneath that
seemingly shallow
surface to reveal
paranoid men who

still play childish games
for a living.”

“Good Girls Dont". Most of the album's
twelve songs are credited to the song-writing
team of Averre and rhythm guitarist Doug
Feiger, and Feiger also has four solo
compositions. The musicianship on the album
is excellent throughout. The thundering l)qu
of Prescott Niles is reminiscent oi
McCartney's. Drummer Bruce Gary
completes the foursome with steady and
interesting beats.

Overall, this is a finclycraitcd album filled
with fun, powerful rock and roll. the kind
which hasn't been heard often enough since
the ad of the Beatlemania era. The Knack
even harmonizes well, just like you know who.
it is doubtful that the Knack will grow and
change as radically as the Beatles did, but if
they continue to produce rock and roll of this
Caliber, they will prove to be popular,
successful, and one of my favorite groups

rugs And The Il.l='.l..

 

  

liormn' Brawlin' ilawdin' Fun Frolicklng Nick Nolte from N
the ball, Hell, and loads the league in best shot at the Oscars.

The Fab Four Strike Knack. Are they for real or just an incredible stimulation? ,

“Fm‘yca'd‘c” motive» and madness behind a distinctly

 

“After seeing
North Dallas Forty,
you’ll never be able to
watch a Monday
Night Football game

 

in quite the
same way.”

show us the exctbsivc use of drugs by the
players, use condoned by the team. They are,

 

 

however, a little excessive themseivrs; this is
not some vital new discovery, people have
known about it a long time and the film is so
saturated with pot, pills, and everything else
concuivuablc that they almost lose their
effectiveness. instead of a thoroughly
distasteful party scene at the beginning and a

mindlessly simple episode were the two herom .

(Nick Nolte and Mac Davis) harm a beer and
pills breakfast, Kotchcif and Co. would have
been better off just stayng with a devastating
scene in which Nolte and another player get
shot up before a game, it says more than all the
others put together.

Noltc had long dreamed of filming the
novel and this adaptation is unusually
faithful, though lwish tho lowstoryhad been
rnorr: (lt'vulopcd; it's still touching, but it kind
oi lays thou: just on the fringes. it's
unfortunate lxecathu uh Charlottu, Dayle
lladdorr displays rzharm and intulltgonco and
if givun lllt' rilrancr' i think lrlru could haw
turnud irrtr wrygood [)t‘l formant r'. 'l'lro lost of
tho cast 1‘: given more llmn just rl| lrarru', and
low of llltflll wait at» \Vt'll as Miss llarldon.
lkrn't gut mt'wrongmvr'ryono l‘arltit'tlllullt‘, lrut
uxcopt for Sluvt' Forrest (who wont. to by
having a gruat dual oi lunspoolrr rg hinr'urrunt
image) no one swnrs pat'tit'rtlruly irrspirr-d.
Thu narrrr- r'an br- sand for Mac Davis who is
only slightly butter erlrowmg his glamour boy
quartorbar'k charactrrr, as rually br'ing
arrogant, paranoid, ass kissing, and
intr-rt-str'd only in hirrwli. l'lowcvwr, tho
wvaloru-svs of tho r151oitlrrzcastaruinadc up
for by Noltu who turns in an absolutely
brilliant performance. Elliot’s sense of
frustration and confusion and the eventual
resolution of those feelings is beautifully
rt'ali/vd. Noltc now takes owr as tho man to
boat in the April Oscar balloting. Director
i\'otr:lrt'tt is always competent, sometimes
(lltllt? good, and in one lilSlxltK‘L‘ (the
previously mentioned "shooting up scum”)
magnifk't'nt. He is able to keep a l iglrt reign on
the urn;in exploitable script and only
rx'rrtuionally do things get out of hand. lint no
matter what flaws it may have, North [MI/us,
Forty is uloquont in its consideration of the

 

Allwl’lt'ﬂl "sport".

 

 

   

  

 

 

 

