  

i

 

 

 

. —‘ "W'szrwaaeﬂ‘

 

 

' ' h
Wlt J . P .
by Robert Hale

It's been nearly one year since Jane Fonda

spoke at this campus about the J.P. Stevens
boycott. Since‘ then. the controversy
surrounding J.P. Stevens products on campus.
ltas died. and' students now listen to speakers
spotiting trite philosophy in the ‘Intoxications
of Life'. But SUNYA continues to accept bids
on J.P. Stevens linen and workers continue to
die a slow death in North Carolina Textile
Mills.

.l.l’. Stevens Company is this nation‘s
\L‘L'illltl largest textile manufacturer and.
g'- itcst labor law violator. Having been cited
. . numerous charges froiti racial
thxcrtlllllllllltln to unhealthy working
L'Illltllitt‘vllS to "union-busting". tltis company
was so gled out by the National labor
Relations Board (NLRB) for having a
contemptible record of labor abusc. Tltis
action by the NLRB is unprecedented in the

CLOTHING

    

"Are You}

Columns ‘

    

 

Sleeping
Stevens?

unemployment areas have no employer to
turn to but .l.l’. Stevens —- all thcsc moral
crimes that we thought ended in the late
IHOO’s.

Unfortunatlely. 'much more of this would
land on deaf ears. For students today are
desensitized to the plight ofthe world around
them. They tire tired of being made to feel
guilty for not devoting their time iind energies
to ‘worthy causes‘. So they respond by
rejection of these causes. and rejection of
suffering.

I am not risking you to feel guilty for your
wealth and wellbeing. All I am asking is that
yoir feel sortie empathy for the pliglil of these
people iirid by one simple act. help their lives
tremendously. l‘hiit act is to boycott. Do itot
bity those sheets and pillowcases which are

manufactured by .l.l’. Stevens and sold under
names such as ltcairti-Blend. Iteiiuticale. Fine
Arts. i’eaniits. lrrsteiitaker. and Uticri. Deny
DRAPES

BENIN [1mg

  

Famoua Products of the Clothlng Industry?

history of its exrstcrice and it underlines the
seriousness of the problertt at hand. For .l.l'.
Stcteiis is motivated by just one tliiirg
prolrts llicy have loirnd it more profitable to
pat the lines lor their crimes and continue
treating tltcir workers unjustly rather than
paying the costs of upgrading working and
living conditions for their employees.

I could continue to rant itnd rave about the
esteiisne riatioiuil boycott and about Ito“
.l.l’. Steieits avoids it by hiding their products
under other brattd names. I could tell liorioi
stories of .l. I’. Stevens machines with iiosafct\
machunisms which have cut oll lingers and
hands. leading to the liriiig of these injured
workers as useless and unproductive. I could
tell you hit“ these workers it high

  
 
  
 
 
  

 

.l.l'. Stevens the only motivation it has for
coirtiiiiied mistreatment of workers money.
When tltcy Illltht‘SllllltlAllllll it is less proﬁtable
Ior them to continue their backward ways
than to iitiproyc conditions arid bring the
boycott to an end. they will change.
llowctcr‘. this appeal tittist reach beyond
the students to be cllective. It goes out to
HAS. to ask tlicrti to rclirse to accept liticrt
service bids from companies using J.l’.
Sit-tens products. UAS is to be cortirtierided
lor supporting the Nestle boycott. l'licir
recognition ol the legitiittacy and power ol'this
ccoiiomic weapon is it good sign. The); sliottld
Ito“ apply this to their liiicii service. The force
ot :i boycott at this mass le\el is trcrttcndotisly
increased lhc goal should be that no sttrdent
at SUNY Albany ‘sleep with .l.l’. Stevens‘.

I 80267
To TEAR“:
(Ul‘lil l1?

viewpi nt '

 

 

Stop The Alarms!

To the Editor:

As Central Council Representatives from
Colonial Quad we feel that it is our dutyto share
major concern of our constituents with you.
Within the last few weeks Colonial Quad
has been experiencing a rash of false fire
alarms. This is not merely an inconvenience
to the residents. but has become a very real
danger. I

Two major problems which have arisen
because of the increased number of ﬁre drills
are that (I) students are not responding
quickly enough to the alarms and (2) some _
students are assuming that all alarms are false
and are choosing to hide in the building and

not respond at all.

Atthistime.wesee noactionbeingtakenon
anyone's part to combat this problem.
However. there are several avenues to be
explored. Some possibilities include: (I)
installing the glass covers on the alarm boxes
(which were ordered last year) (2) installing
wire cages around the smoke detectors (3)
posting of the legal consequences connected
with tltc pulling of a false alarm next to the
alarm boxes and (4) installing voice activated
alarm boxes.

Student concern over this issue is comingto
a head. A vigilante grotip is being formed by
Quad residents to take matters into their own
hartds. We therefore formally reqticst that
sortie University wide action is tttken before it
is too late and someone is hurt.

We urge thiii the cost ofany program'is not
taken into account because human life is

priceless.

 

 

Sincerely.

Lloyd C. Bishop

Lisa M. Newmork

Central Council Representatives
Colonial Quad

Defending Ford

To the Editor:

lam presently rim presently an assistant oti
(‘oacli Robert Ford's staff. anal l ttm writing
this letter to honestly delcnd and present the
character of a man whom marry have come to
respect. not only as a coach. but even more. as
a person. As I write this letter i shall not care
to fabricate statements which might attempt
to hallow or glorify. The following are simply
observations which I ltave experienced since

 

 

 
  
 

m mm mw-nnW‘VW WWI-l4

coming to Albany.
L l‘irst. let rtie say that at not time. whetherin

IT KILLE
H lLLlDDS.

    
 

l0 A TIME OF
illFLA'llSOk),

 

 

 

BOT 'lllélE'S
Kill/5 JUSTAS
HAUV Mitt.le
ALMOST AS
EFFIClENTL‘f.

 

a formal or imetting have I heard
Coach Ford. make a distinction between
individuals on the basis of race. Coach [sum
has never in my truest knowledge referred to
anyone of his many players by color. race. or
creed. In speakingof his players he relates only
to the objective and. often times. subjccljy-c
evaluation to which all coaches are subject

‘ Before I had met a single hallplaygr “I
Albany. Coach Ford demanded at a summer.

leoitches' meeting that each and every member

on his staff treat each and every player iii.
lequal. and that if anyone conceived a problem
in doing so. he could leave the stall
immediately. "We must love our athletes" was
his exactterminology.and he saidthis swollen
and with such emotion. that no doiiht existed
of his sincerity. In essence. the welfare ol lllk
playersis ofmore importanceto him than that
of his coaches. However. in my dealings with
Coach Ford. he has never hesitated to ttsslsl

me with a problem. and in so doing. put aside .

the work to which he was attending.
Coaching a football team which consists of
l25 personalities. and seeing to the needs and
satisfactions of each athlete is not. irtrirn \say.
close to being an easy task. Coach l‘ttltl.
however. need not be excused for the

' dissatisfactions experienced by some ol his

players. as having dissatisfied ballpliiteis is
inltercirt with a head coaching position

At otrr very first coacltcs' meeting. t oath
Ford stated that he was only human and lllill
he would not have all the answers to .ill lllc
problems he would inevitably CIIL‘Illlltlt'l llL'
did say. ltowever. that he would worl. ll-litl to
resolve any problem. and would necessai Il\ be
honest in his attempts at resolution. t'\t.'ll ii
that honesty had the potential to llttlllL’ [.
myself. was tin object of his honest attempt in
resolving a problem to which he fell llr' tort in
attend. It would ltave been mylirst lCilt‘llthlit
become bitter over his criticism of rite. bttl iii
honest-reﬂection. Coach Ford ltad been .ill ion
correct in hisjudgement. and for Ill) \.tl.t.‘. llt'
would express his criticism unaware irl Iirml

 

 

 

 

 

 

. is... ml

 

editorial ..

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

athletes. These are many. universal. and all
too often overbearing. Coach Ford is one who
is truly dedicated to doing all he can within his
honest dealings to resolve these problems
whether they be the problems of one or
another of his players.

Ed Zaloom

Too Costly
An. Increase

fo the Editor:

liim appalled at Pitul Agrestrit‘s letter in last
Tuesday's ASP. Although lam not a member
of SASU. I support them wholly on this issue.
ls Agrestra so well-off that he won‘t be hurt by
tlte tuition increase? If so. then why is he here'.’
Most SUNY students are here because they
cannot afford tuition at private institutions.
and many are deep into debt from expenses
involving their edticatiott. Many would not be
rthlc to afford the extra SIOO. and therefore
would be forced to drop out of school.

Horreiidous as this situation is. I would not
object ttearly so strenuously if it were
necessary. However. it is out. Last year there
was a $61] iitillitrn tax surplus. yet SUNY's
budget was ciit so drastically it does not even
cover inflation cost increases. The governor is
too cliickeit to actually propose a tuition
increase. so he merely ctit the btidget to pieces;
the trtistees will eitltcr have to increase ttiitiori
or impose further cutbacks. and SUNY

cannot afford these cutbacks. Already many
schools face loss ofaccrcditatioii because their
libraries are inadequate: there are no funds to
ttpdate collectiotis. Neither areihere funds for
building cortstrtictiort and maintenance.
Many campuses remain unfinished. and
others are falling ttpart because there is no
money to repair them.

Furthermore. a tuition increase would
result iit deelittiiig enrollment. This would

mean more cutbacks. which in turn m
raisethe tuitionagain. SUNY would becaught
in a vicious [cycle that would tear it apart.
But SASU is not asking the governor to
appropriate funds from other worthy
pr -grartis such as those Agrestra mentioned.
' All we want is for the governor to end unfair
practices and give us our fair share. At the
sanietimeSUNYisexperiencingr .ii.t.s.-'ie
governor increased money . n .vnte
institutions by to percent. SUNY Bi odoes
itot have adequate gym facilities. , SIS
million Wits appropriated fora domed Slﬂtltl.’ -
iit Syracuse University. a private college.
Yesterday at bill was presented on the assembly
floor. the ideit of which was to subsidize NYU
and Columbia graduate programs .l'll thei-
rlon'i have to raise rur‘n'on.’ According to the
Brookiitgs institute. New York is the only state
that aids the private sector at the expense of
the pttblic.

liven if the tuition increase were to become
reality. the problems would still exist. We
would be paying more and receiving less. The
money raised by the extra tuition would not be
used to offset the cost of running the
University. No. tltc money is destined to pay
off bonds. The banks. not the schools. would
benefit from the increase.

I agree with Agrestra that SASU should be
more involved with ltow existing ftinds are
spent. Perhaps SASU. working with
school administrations. cart discover ways to
save money by altering existing programs. But
this would not eliminate the unfair practice of
subsidi/ing private institutions.

(iotei'nor Carey‘s policy. if implemented.
could very well mean the destruction of the
SUNY system. Therefore. we must tirge the
State legislature totakcappropriatc action to
prevertt this. lsuggcst that Paul Agrcstra stop
writing letters and start going to classes before
he is told that tltcrc are no classes to attetid itt
SUNY.

Sincerely.
Robin I). Cohen

 

 

 

might receive it.

Please try to understand that the
unhappirtess a black ballplaycr rrriglii
experience could well mirror the lthllllL‘tll
unhappiness felt by the white ballplawr. llie
source oftltis dissatisfaction. howciei . |\ \\llill
msut be carefully identified. There h great
pride irt most of the athletes l llil\L'

- experienced at Albany. The greater ilit- pride
of tiny athlete. the more likely he is to become
dissatisﬁed and possibly bitter at his lltltltllll}
to attain those goals he sets for liiitisclt

l sliitll coticlude by stating that lot t'\t'l_\
blitck who Itas experienced dissatisfaction .isii
result of what he believes to be pr'cttltllk'lill
judgement. it hits been my hottest feelirrgilrzii
other blacks have truly enjoyed lllt'll
rclatiortship with Coach Ford. Let me mi).
also. that l understand the problems ol “Lilli—j

 
   

 

 

 

 

 

 

V Where Does the
} Tuition Increase Stand?

During the lttst few weeks the Governor has
engaged iit sortie political maneuvering itt
trying to force it tuition increase tirt SUNY
students. He is attempting to pressure the
Legislature and Trustees to increase
tuition without taking the responsibility. "I he
eitd result. however. would be the same: less
money for SUNY. a cut itt prograitis. arid a
heavier financial burden for students and
parents. This is all part of Carey's attack oit
public higher edtication.

What we are faced with now is a sligltt
change of tactics by the Governor. Originally.
Carey had planned to iitcludc ti proposiil for a
Slut) ttiitiiirt increase in his executive hirdget.
This proposal was itiet with fierce oppositioit
front students. Students. organized by SASU
and the campus student iitiions held press
conferences. picketcd the legislature.
orgaiti/cd mass letter writing campaigns. rind
formed anti-tuition coalitions. Because of this
pressure. (,‘arey decided to tiikc the tuition
increase proposal out of the budget. Instead.
he cut the $78 million increase requested by
SUNY to $35 riiillioii. Such a bitdgct would
make it irtipossihle for the universities tii
operate without massive program cuts. Thus.
UNLESS 'l'lllS CUT IS RESTORIEI) 'l‘t)

TIIIE BUDGET 'lllIZ SUNY BOARD OF
IRUSTEES Wll.l. Ill“. l<'()lt(‘lil)’l'() RAlSl:
TUITION OR MARI? MASSIVE CUTS.
lltis is the (ioverrior"s deceptive way of
passing the brick. while still cutting back on
aid to SUNY.

llic budget is now in the hands of the
legislature. where they can amciid lit.
According to the (.‘liancellor. oitly till) million
is needed to avoid it tuition hike ((‘arcy gave
one and one half times that riiiicli to Syracuse
t'IllVUTSIly tor a domed stadium).

Unfortunately. both (.‘hitueellor Wharton
and the Board of'l’riistees are going along with
the Governor's budget. itrttl are considering
how tuition should be raised. rather tliiirt

 

l forming a strategy on how to get art ittcrcase iii
the budget from the Legislature to iivoid an
increase. At the Trustee meeting in New York
on February 9. the Trustees basically decided
to accept the litidget as inevitable and
formulate a method of raising tuition.

it is clear. then. that we can ttot expect rtiticli
help frorti either the Chancellor or the
Trustees. Both refuse to challenge the
Governor or the legislature. 'l'hereforc. we as
students must unite and fight this increase
ourselves. There are plans for a massive
statewide derttonstratiort at the (‘apitol in
March and niarty other direct actions. We
have been gaitiirtg stipport iii the legislature
and with many grotips throughout the state.
S(‘A‘l‘ll tthe Statewide Coalition Against the
liiitioii llike) is rapidly gaining support lrom
labor unions. professors. contmunity
organi/ations. parents. Civil Service
lintpltiyce Association locals. and student
organi/atiorts.

The focus is irttlie Legislature. since it is there
that the budget will be voted on. 'l'ltercl'ore.
oirr actions will he directed there. We will
continue to try io gain the support of the
t'harieellor arid Trustees. but the campaign to
defeat the hike will continue regardless oftlieir
involvement. Alrctidy some of the Legislative

leadership hits expressed support of ottr
j position.
This campaign cart orin be successlul With

the active involvement tiitd stipport of all
students. There will be a number of actions
within the next few weeks. ultimately leading
up to the March deriioristrittion. These actions
will he ptiltlieilcd.

\Ve eaii iiiti be fooled by the Governor‘s
deception. nor intimidated by the legislature.
II‘ the Trustees will not recogriire their own
interests. we must light without them. United.
we cart defeat the increase itttd win the fight to
defend ptihlic higher education. STUDENTS
UNITE. FIGHT Tllli HIKEl

 

Dear Students. .

Someone once argued that “Progress is impossible without change,
and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.” It
may have been Karl Marx, or Groucho Marx —- it doesn't really matter.
But whoever uttered those words of wisdom was a learned person.

As students at this university, we are changing the very face 'of it.
Whether it be through our individual metamorphosis as we progress
through four years, or through our student power to affect change at
SUNYA, we can be certain that when we leave here, both ounelveaand
the university will be considerably changed, each as a result of the other.

And somewhere. buried deep in the mountain of this college
experience. lies a small semi-weekly contributor called The Albany
Student Press. And deep inside the The Albany Student Press’
mountain lies we — the editors.

Thrown into this seat by fate or skill, we are confronted with a vast
array of forces directing us. There are outside inﬂuences —— friend‘s
suggestions. dad's helpful hints, special interest groups — and they will
affect us. There is tradition — the over-shadowing heritage of a sixty
three year old institution which demands at least the quality of its
current product — and that will affect us. And there is the desire to
change —- to pursue different goals that might trigger the spark of
progress and become a new tradition for a sixty four year old institution.

That too will affect us. ,

So how does one choose? Through YOU, fellow students. who have
the ultimate power to change. and are the ultimate reason for change. It
is for you that this paper exists. and moreson. it is for you that this
institution exists.

And while both ASP and Adm. are in positions of student inﬂuence,
let neither forget that changes must be incurred with a heart felt student
interest in mind. The ASP shall never forget it. Will the
Administration? Will the Governor?

We live to change. and we shouldn‘t forget that. This newspaper will .

always support change if that. change is a movement towards progress.
And this newspaper will shun those who's “change” is in reality not any
advancement. but regression.

And as the caretakers of this journalistic entity. we here in Campus
Center 329 will proceed with the spirit of progressive change in mind.
We not only will shun regression and support change, we will
experience it. But we do so with only you in mind. And you. and you.

and you...

 

.2;

 

, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . M. J. MitMMot'r

(‘riArurs BELL, NANttv CLEMSON

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . lint/us KltltTZliR

. . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . l’xtiL SCHWARTZ
. . . . . . . . DrtvrtJOsnoaN

Enic SALZINGER

Nrws union
AhStK’lATI. Nt.ws tnirons . . . . . . .

Asrrt'ts [DII'UI . . . , . .

Srons uttrort
Assot'rxrt, spouts toitoit

Eniroiti/tt. Mots torrori

SIAM wattuts: Robert Illitscnstcrn. .lelf Canine. Janet Ceriii. Marie Corlissoz. Mike Dunne.
Wendell lleildori. Michele Israel. Ken Ktirtr. Steve ()ster. Don Rossi. Aron Smith. Deborah
Smith. David Spiro AP MxNxtrus: Jesse Schercr. Lloyd levenberg loot/tr NEws: Laura
Sclriauh vnrvuw Mitt: Diana Oruei Ans ('ooltrmnoa: Stephanie Del Valle (rain: LINE
tooitoirsxton: l’iiirick l-‘rird Nrws miroitsmuuttrs: Matthew Cox.’l'om Martellit..lill Haber

.loNArii/iN Honors. fful‘fllt'n‘ Manager

. . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . DIEIIIIIIZ Korrr

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . l.isA APPLEBAUM

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . SUSAN Assert
BENNY Bnown

ADVIRIISINlr MANAUII
l IANT

   

HIMKKHPIM.

sxus rusonnrrz Steve (loldsrciri. .leff Leviltltt. Richie Mcrmclslcln ('LASSH'IH) ADVIIITISING:

Steve Matter ('(IMPOSI'HON: Artiy Sottrs. Hayden Cnrruth AD FIDDIJCTION MANAGER: Irene

t-‘irmrri Al) ruooiit rioN: llildy Brand. Sally Ann Breeher, Ll7 Rozwod. Laurie Stiidwell orrrcz:
Rosemary (irttss. Ruth 'lerill not. rare: Leslie Appelbuum

LYNN "Ell, Production Manager
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . , . LORAINli Litigaxrons
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . PAT LOVE
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Roti VAN (inovan

’l‘vriNt; t'oortntm‘ron
Vutrirtxi. cxxiutx
(laxrrms (:oonnim‘rori

 

szn or: leslic Appelliittirtt. Michele Berk. Miriattt Epstein. Sophia Kttstits. Jill Meyerson.

Beth Simon ‘rvr-Isrs: Sally Ann llreeher. Diana Cochran. Robin Goldberg. Cara Janowslty.

(‘heryl Kaufman, Clara Kuebler. Marlilyn Miltfkolwitz. Ivy l’eltz. Beth Stone nonrlrxornt
moon i re trier

l’iroroolurnv, supplied prr‘nr‘r‘pah i by University I’Itoru Servjce ' I

t‘lllll PlltlTOtilAl’lllll Mary Atin lluvnk I'llOTt tiIAPIIEIS: ‘l‘ony Tassarotti. Laura Viscust.

Scott Aremuri. Roitnne Kulukolf. llob leonitr l. l’unyu Ann Harvey. Jeff Sebneebaum. Sam
'Tcrelli. llowie Jacobs. John Chow. Tin: Moon Lee

ESTABLISHED I916
11n- Albany Student Prints f5 [rrrlrli.i-Iicrlever_i' 'Iirr rday and Friday during the .rchoolyear by the
ill/httllt' Sriulenl Prm (or/roman", an halt-penile"! not-for-proﬂt organization. Editorial
policy is determined by the l-in'lor-in Chief and is subject In rcvlcw by the Editorial Board.
Mailing Arlrlrru.‘ Albany .‘r‘turlrnl Plus. CC J29, I400 ll’arrhtngtmt Ave. Albany. Nl’12222
(5!!!) 457-339!

 

 

 

 

