5‘11; r3331

 

_ On
Using Racism
As A Crutch

 

’ by Thomas Martello .

Racism — it is a very powerful word. it is a
word which this country has shamefully kept
alive throughout its history. The implications
of accusing one of racism are indeed serious.
It connotates a disease of the lowest order.
Unfortunately. accusatory ﬁngers are being
pointed all too often these days, and racism is
becoming an abused word.

William Raspberry. a black syndicated col—
umnist. recently chided black and Jewish
leaders in this country for falling back oti
charges of racism and anti-Semitism
witenevcr things didn’t go their way. By do-
ing this. the leaders might be perceived as
"crying wolf" by blacks anti Jews as well as
others. He feared a loss of credibility when

legitititate cases of racism and anti—Seniitisni
. '.
crop tip. ,1

  

Raspberry‘s comments concerned the ef-
fectiveness of the respective movements. ‘l‘o
blacks. he urged leaders to take a step back
frotn the sittiatiott and look at the whole pic-
ture ratltcr than immediately charging
racism. lf racism is the case. they could then
approach the subject armed with these facts.
if it isn’t; tlteii there's no tise in losing
credibility — his point was one of tactical
priorities in achieving the ends which would

combat racism.

This is a bit of advice which the leaders of
the Albany State Black Association
(ASUBA) should heed. Due largely to the ac-
tion of ASUBA's voting bloc on Central
Council. Bill Seriously Fol/ts. The IIiiii/ar
Magazine. is not being ftiitded after two
items in its first issue were dcctiied "racist"
by black leaders. ‘

One involved a joke abotit Mick .lagger
beconting black; t_he other advertised for a
“White Men‘s Week". The Jagger joke
didn‘t succeed in terms of quality —
however, it was itteatit to poke fun at racist
attitudes rather than coiidotie them. it is

much the same way when we laugh at, not
with. Archie Bunker. The "White Men‘s
Week" ad was a successful parody on
ASUBA's "Black Women's Week" and
made'fun of white males, if anything. it was
not in the least malicious and emitted
laughter from many students at the idea of
having such milktoast characters as Pat
Boone and Ken Berry speak. To find this of-
fensive is stretching things.

Though it-can be effectively argued that
these were not racist, ASUBA's leadership
has acted as prosecuting attorney. jury and
judge in one fell swoop. in rapid succession.
copies of this publication were tossed in the
garbage. a condemning letter to the ASP was
written and finally the inaga/ine's budget was

It ittated. Never has SUNYA seen freedom

. \ I .

expression thwarted so effectively. It
reminds one of the West Virginia selioolbook
controversy: don‘t agiec. then ban the
books.

lfSA is intent oti being publisher of several
strident ittagazines. it is L ntial that they be
given editorial freedom. iliis censorship sets
a dangerous precedent for the other plll;lit.‘4'iv
tioiis funded by SA. ASUliA's UIi/Iy
magazine regularly slants the news to suit
black students. sometimes at the expense of
whites on catiiptis. it is it fiiic publication.
however. aitd serves its a useful vehicle for
black students and black expression. No
ptibli 'ation pleases everyone. and Uiil'ly
should not be censoicd or controlled by
anyone other than its editors.

The same holds true for Tangent
Magazine. which shared binding with liiil
St'riullS/‘i' l-‘nlks. How shortsigltlcd the editor
of Triage/i! was iii supporting the move to
censor the humor magazine: she was opening
the door for possible control over her own
freedom of expression by a governmental
body in the futtire.

Since it is still not fact that the publication

  

A Rape Victim Speaks

To the Editor:

I was one of the first Pine Hills rape vic-
tims. The recent articles, meetings. and news
reports on campus and in the media have
given me incentive to write. While not deny-
ing the importance or intensity of the situa-
tion. i feel it has been blown out of propor-
tion. This problem should be publicized, arid
its solution is highest priority, but the level of
hysteria evident at SUNYA is not warranted.

First. in reference to the “Anti-Rape
Meeting Held" article in the Tuesday.
November 13 ASP. so the Feminist Alliance
wishes to march through the streets stopping
at sites where rapes or attacks occurred. 1
would like to know if Mrs. Janice Fine and
company have given any thought to the vic-
tims. i am not ashamed that l was raped; I
did not ask for it and I did not want it. i am
relieved and grateful to be alive atid unhurt.
Still. 1 do not relislt the idea of entertaining a
board of gawkers on my front lawn.

i see no itecessity for this marclt. if these
people wish to be useful. they sltotild lock
their windows and doors. offer to help others
secure their homes. and cooperate with the
police as much as possible. A march will only
aceomplish sticli_tmdcsirahle things as iii-
creasing hysteria and panic. mid making
worse an alr‘ady difficult situation for vic-
tims such as myself. i do not wish to he a
martyr for any grotip. Nor do i wish to be ex-
ploited so that an SA-fundcd organization
can try for a larger budget next year.

Secondly. l would like to say a few words
about the Albany Police. The words are:
wonderful. caring. and thank you. it was not
negligence on the part of the police that lead
to my rape or any other attack. it was
tiegligencc on the part of the victims. and
determination on the part of the rapist.

The police have been iti contact with me
steadily for one and a half months now. They
have been helpful. kind. atid have worked

 

inaity long hard hours. Two patrolincu raiig

-was racist. Central Council's action was

hypocritical. Will all copy of all publications
have to be funneled before special interest
groups for possible censorship of items they
decide to be offensive? This is called prior
restraint. and the courts have deemed this not
iii agreement with tile First Amendment. As
has been shown. leaders of such groups have
no place in determining editorial policy.

it is sad. because racism exists in this socie-
ty and stielt actions are couiitcrproduciuve to
fighting it. it is sad because pic-conceived
notions are entered into such situations. a
foriti of racistu in itself. it is sad that while i
pen these words. I tltink about how i might
be painted as a racist for disagreeing with this

our doorbell at 4:00 am last week because
they saw a concrete block outside our liv.
ingroom window. while on patrol. They sear-
ched our apartment yard thoroughly to make
sure everything was secure. which it was.

in closing. 1 have a few words of advice for
Fine Hills women: 1) Keep windows and
doors locked, 2) Have the Crime Prevention
Unit critique your home's security. 3) If you
are attacked by the PH. rapist. scream. it
may scare him off. And contact the police
immediately. ‘

Last. to Janice Fine and marchers. may I
point out that should you carry out yottt
crusade. you will be capitalizing on the abuse
of members of your own sex. Not only that,
but we'll call the police.

—— Name Withheld for Obvious Reasons

That’s J-A-P-’s,
Miss Goldstein

To the Editor:

Who are these “Sewage Ametimn
Princess" i keep hearing about that seen! to
have invaded the campus? Everyone lumps
talking about them and nobody seems in iii v
them. Well I tend to have conflicting up.
niotts on this ssue.

First, sewage is very important to the trilli
pus. for obvious r'asons. i mean. \\lltlt'
would we be withotit our sewage systems oi
Aiiie"ca'.’ Good plumbing is quite essential
especially iii a large. close»t|uarteis Cttllllllllilt
ty such as ours is.

But. who wants to be princess of it sent-i ‘
it seems to b- a disgusting thing to be. .‘\ltii
why is there more than one princess to lltl
sewer? i don't understand. i wanted to ilt-Ixt
more deeply into this isstic. so I did mun
research. by talking to some people.

These Sewage American Princesses seem to
have some otttstiitidiiig physical. as well i|\
mental characteristics. Let us stint \\i|lt lllt'
physical ottcs.

The SAI’s are always said to wczti “slitttt-
beans". i haven't seen anybody \\L'.|lill\
beans. and so i cotiid not iiiquiie its til win
one would do such a thing. l’crliaps \\L‘.‘|| mu

action.

There is much to he learned about
eliittiitiiting racism —— but the most inipoi mu
asset is cooperation and the keeping of o; n
minds.

That is not what has happened iii t'eiiii ll
Council. By its policy of confroniaiu .l
politics. what has ASUBA achieved? it li.t\
quashed freedom ol'exprmsioii. it has tli;i\.n
a color line down the middle of Ski
legislative branch and caused ill feelinth In:
weeit wltites and blacks on Council, And ‘I
ltas probably encouraged racist attitudes M
setting tip this schism over a llltlltzll
magazine.

is this really a victory against racism?

 

tug tutti mt
'iii6 Wmisrs.

/

727‘?“

 

 

‘0

 
 

'" was sex
I“ Act? mamas AMP
times AiJ Books.

 

 

 

E W AFTER THAT we MLL

 

mes will»
BACK ERA
\

Titer) £06 wiLL
W MOVIES EHMIUATE
W' FROM was“

BODIES

 

 
 
  
 
 

THEN we ldiLL CLEMSE
‘ttie “SCHOOLS OF
SEX EVUCATIOU.

 
    
 

All? AT LAST

MM 65 (1%

  
  

THE was“, Hiiiiihi’ii

THE“ [05 LOlLL R10 THE
Whig/g9) Ms

   
 

 

 

 

 
  
  
 
 
 
  
   
 
  
  
   
 
   
  
   
  
    
 
  
 
 
  
   
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
   
      

  
   

WNW “Wm 
l ’ ﬂ - 'Mn i--ii--.4i~mi~u.

,, .. Mg

   
 
   

  
    

 

 

' nets And

 

    
    
 

A look

At How
They Look
At

Each ether

    
    
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
  
   
  
  
   
   
    
  
 
 

  
 
  

