 

 

._ ,
Iranian Chaosln Texas
SAN ANTONIO, Texas (AP) City officials appealed for
calm Thursday in the wake of two days of near violence
over a City Hall hunger strike by five anti-shah Iranian
students. The students, meanwhile, continued their protest
fast in jail. Police dragged the Iranians off the City Hall
steps Wednesday after an angry crowd convergEd on the
scene, led by a man claiming to be a brother of an
American hostage in Tehran. The Iranians, originally taken
into “protective custody." were later jailed on misde-
meanor charges of obstructing a passageway when they
vowed to return to the steps if released. They have refused
to post $1,500 bond each. The hunger strike began Monday
at City Hall in protest of -a city ban against anti-shah
demonstrations. ’

Fifteen Nations Denounce Iran '

BRUSSELS, Belgium (AP) Foreign ministers of the IS
Western allies today denounced Iran's seizure of 50
American hostages and demanded their immediate release. ,
The ministers. here for the annual meeting of the NATO
Council of Ministers. issued the statement in their national
capacities and not in the name of the North Atlantic Treaty
Alliance. Sources said the declaration was not issued under
the NATO banner because lran is outside of the alliance's
area of responsibility. “Any taking of hostages. for any
motive whatsoever, is totally unacceptable and must be
firmly opposed by the international community as a

 

   
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 

[AnountdCAMths

   

Otltcrs become its passivc victim.

“Unless the U.S. stops supporting tltc Marcos dictator-
ship in the Philippines tltcy will soon ltuvc attotltcr lratt
crisis on tltcir hands." This warning camc front Cliarito
l’lanas. a prominent lcadcr ol' tltc dctnocralic opposition to
the Marcos dictatorship, last 'l'itcsdity ttigltl at a lcctutg
spotisorcd by Suttya‘s Coalition Against Nukcs (CAN) attd

Fucrza Latina.

Planas explained that despite tltc Philippincs ltttgc poicii-
tial for solar arid geothermal cttcrgy. tltc Marcos rcgiutc is
spending 1.] billiOIt dollars on a Wcstinghousc nuclcat

 

Wintcr weather has arrived to tltc grcctings and prayers of sonic.

No-Nulzers Bring Phillipine Speaker

. . .w_hole,.”.. theiministers, said in a statement, adding. that they. . . .

“have :io-desire to intervene in lran's'internal affairs."

Secretary of State Cyrus Vance and Defense Secretary -

Harold Brown lobbied the NATO allies seeking a declara-

" tion of support for America’s condemnation of the
hostages situation in Iran. The result was the cautiously-
worded statement, describing developments as a “grave
situation."

Kennedy Cuts Carter On NYC

NEW YORK, N.Y. (AP) Sen. Edward M. Kennedy today
accused President Carter of turning “thumbs down" on
New Yorkers and the rest of the nation by not meeting
America's economic and urban needs. The candidate for
the Democratic presidential nomination told an early morn-
ing meeting of 500 supporters that Carter was only continu-
ing Republican policies of the Nixon and Ford administra-
tions. Speaking in the Statlcr Hilton Hotel ucroSs Seventh
Avenue from Madison Square Garden. site of the 1976
Democratic national convention and next year‘s
nominating session. Kennedy said inflation, interest rates.
the price ofgasoline and home heatiitg oil have risen under
Carter. “You and I know wltat that means to the dreams of
young people and old people alike." he told his audience of
community board members. political district leaders and
local officials. “Jimmy Carter himself stood in the South
Bronx, and he talked about new hope in rebuilding cities.
But. what has been the record of this administration?" tltc
Massachusetts Democrat asked. “He has been turning
thumbs down on the people of New York and the major
cities all over this country." he answered. He said Carter
has failed "to relieve the welfare burden of the people of
New York," was silent on easing operating expenses for
mass transit and has not heeded “they cry in the night" of
the sick by reforming health care. Kennedy attacked
Carter's leadership and policies and said, “what we ltavc is
an age-old Republican party running the White House."

0%.

I’hmo.’ UI’S

  
 

  

£

4
:r.
c

reactor that will bc built Isivtttilcs \\llltilt an active \‘olcanoc.
llcsidcs this obvious dungct', l’latuts statctl tltc Filipinos
cannot afford this i'cactor iioi have tltc tcclntology to

operate it.

ﬁt

    

Hill): SA President Lisa Ncumark was one of tltc judges.

Most of the cttcrgy supplied by this plant. will go to U.S.
Naval and Air Forcc Buses and tltc Exporting Processing
Zone according to Plattas. Thc Export Processing Zonc,
she explained, is supported by ittttltittttlioiial companies am]
is called a “country within a country". in it, a special Ionc
police is maintained. cnvironmcittal and labor laws arc
waived and-all tiiultinntiottttl corporations. which are cs—
cmpt from taxes. lake lot) percent of their profits out of tltc
Philippines.

Under tltc Marcos dictatorship. tltc Filipino pcoplc arc

r

irritate - ”
' Decemben 1 3, 1979

. . '. ‘. ‘. \
He said. “I believe l2 years of Republican administration is
enough. and it's time we put a real Democrat iii the White
House!” There was a loud applause.

Soviets Knew Of Afghani Oil

WASHINGTON (AP) Top secret U.S. intelligence reports
allege that Soviet experts concluded eight years ago that
Afghanistan probably has vast oil deposits but the finding
was never reported to Afghani authorities, sources say. The
informants. who claim to have seen the data, said the
Soviet assessment was based on art extensive geological
survey the Soviets carried out in the neighboring country
between I969 and l97l. The information came to light at a
time when the Soviets have increased their military presencc
in Afghanistan. The sources, who asked not to be quoted
by name, said the Soviets wrote two contradictory reports
after the geological survey was completed. One. prepared
for the Afghanistan government. reportedly said tltc sttrvcy
turned up no evidence of oil deposits. The second report.
sent‘to authorities in Moscow, said there were indications
of potential vast oil reserves in Afghanistan. according to
the informants“ -

Nuhe’s Escape Would Be Trouble

WHITE PLAINS, N.Y. (AP) A U.S. Nuclear Regulatory
Commission official admitted Thursday that it would be
extremely difficult to evacuate persons within 10 miles of
the Indian Point nuclear power plant in the event of a
“fast-breaking“ nuclear accident. “The population risk itt
this area is enormous," Robert C. Ryan. director of tltc
NRC's Office ol‘State Programs, told representatives front
the four counties surrounding the plant. Three ititclcar
reactors at Indian Point lie 24 miles up the Hudson Rivct
from New York City, within 50 miles of 19 million people
iii tltc iitost densely populated rcgiott of the country. Roads
ticar tltc site are old and iii poor condition.

Public, Press Get Court Rights

, . .
ALBANT , NY. (AP) A state appeals court on lhttt'sday
ttpiicld tltc right ol tltc public and press to attend most ill“
ratgtttttcuis. A five-day pattcl of tltc Appellate Division of
State Supreme Court ruled that Albany Cnunly Court
.lttdgc .Ioscph ilzttt'ts wrongfully held an arraignment itt’
scctct and scalctl tltc iiitliclnicttt. Harris said he took tltc itc-
timt in protect llu.‘ ttui’t-mttmt'h right to u I‘tiit ‘ '
tlct'cnditni. later ittcttiit'icd its John Robinson. wtl

l
ctl to go on trial ti few days later on different Cllt’ll'gcs of at.
tctitptcd bank robbery. At tltc sccrct procccdint'. Robinson
was arraigned on a chargc of grand litrccny. Atict Robin-
soit was tried arid convictcd of attctnptcd batik Ittlil‘ct).
.litdgc llarris opcncd‘thc otltcr indicttttcitt. Thc ,‘lI/nHrt
'/'IItim»U/tirm had challcngcd Harris' action, arguing that
tltc U.S. Constitution rcqttircs ull art'uigittttcnts to bc opcn.



   

 

  

 

Tl“. zgllmnttttttl Holiday Sing. spottsorctl by tltc I‘an-llcllcnic Council. was ltcld itt (‘ttittpus Cctttcr

I’lmlu.’ UPS I o

facctl \\‘lll| crctt ntoi‘c sctiotts ptoblcuts titan this reactor.
l'laniis pointcd oil] that iit Manila, tit) pctcctit of all
ltoitscholtls li\'c bclou tltc potcrty liitc and that tltc bottom
third of tlic ccoitomic stratum rcccivc lcss than fit) pcrccitt
of tltc minimum. daily caloric rcttttirctucitts. Sittcc I972.
\vhctt tltc Martial Law was tlcclut‘ctl, tltc bottom 50 percent
of tltc population rcccit'cs lcss than lit pcrccttt of tltc total
iticomc whilc tltc top fitc pcrccitt t'ccci\cs lcss tltc l8 pcr—
cent of iitc total lttcotttc.

Though tltc l’hilippincs bccainc iittlcpcndctit lll I946,
l’lanas said. tltc economy has bcctt dotttinatcd by foreign
iitvcstnicnt. In fact, onc of tltc conditions foi indcpcndcncc
was a stipulation to grant Antcticans tltc sattic status as
Filipinos iii coittrol of the local ccouonty.

 

 

 

 

 

..._.‘..._. .  

 

.._ . i ‘\

 

 .r—r..~-.<-.-2-~..~.:-v ‘3."":'.VL-’~:v

 

 

 

 

 

t:-0n-a,“rr'-Vr~ '1‘.‘«>”:~‘7~.v-.rrewrr*1'rrvn‘l>-f ... '

 

 

 

 

Police composite sketch of tile arntcd robber responsible for last week's Colonial Quttd
theft. He is described as a black 6'3 male, 20-25 years old with a mcduini build. He was last
obscrvctl wearing a brown or black cowboy hat| Ian jacket. dark trousers and sncakcrs. llc

carries a 4" revolver.

 

 

with it ltood and

Health Service Review In The Offing

 

All Students To Be Given Forms

by Ron Levy

The recently formed Health Ser-
vices Review Committee. a sub-
committee of the Student Affairs
Council (SAC). has developed
guidelines for dealing with student
questions and grievances concern—
iiig University Health Service

 

“wants; arr 'ti‘s‘yé‘rsﬁs‘ iiic'tii .
tion. We arte sitttply working
together for a better system of
health care.“ said Committee Chair
Janet Fox.

 

 

The Contmittcc discusscd thrcc
options for dealing witlt student—
relalcd complaints and questions.
The itltcrnalivcs may bc ttscd ticxt
scmcstcr.

One option involvcs a “User
Form." with wlticlt sitidciits can
petition specific information pcr—
laiiiittg to tltc carc tltcy rcccivcd
front tltc Hcaltlt Sct‘vicc. in addi-
tiott. tltc student will hc afforded
tltc chance to make a judgutcnt ol'
tltc Service's cfficicticy. “This will
allow its to identify it rccurrittg pro«
blcm.“ said committcc mcmhcr
Brian levy.

A tttotc gcttcral qucstionttairc
will bc tlisttibutcd among tltc stu—
dcttt hotly. “The committee will hc
looking tor tltc pttblic vicw of
Health Scrvicc", said fox. “if a
negative attitude is prcvalcnt. we’ll
work to titid otit why.”

Fox also plans to ofl'cr a program
to cdttcatc tltc sittdcnts on otltcr scr-
Viccs tltc ('cnlct provides. Health
Serviccs Dircctot Dr. Janet llood,
also a tttcittbcr of tltc rcvicw cont-
mittcc, suggested tltc airing of an
audio—visual prcscntzition and a
Citlttpus»widc itnttttiniuttiott pro-
grant.

The comtttiitcc, coittposcil of II
students and administrators. was
formed by Levy, Stitdcnt Services
Cmtttttittcc Chair Hunk ltuitmun.

DECEMBER 14.1979

and SAC Chair Mark Lafayette.

Past review comntittecs. explain-
ed Levy, did not have as much stu-
dent input as the current charter.
pointing out the student majority of
six to five.

Health Service doctors are Civil

Service Employees Uitiott members
and may not be dismissed without
review front co-workcrs. chy said
if a recurring complaint becomes
apparcnt. Dealt of Student Affairs
Neil Brown will be requested to in-
itiate dismissal procccdings with tltc
state. -

UAC Raises Honors Levels

 

Almost Half Of All Students
Were Graduating With Honors

by Laura Fiorentino

Despite protests from some
members. the University Academic
Council (UAC) decided to raise the
cums required for graduation with
honors at a meeting Wednes-
day. According to SA Cctttral
Council Chair Mikc l.cvy. the coun-
cil decided to raisc tltc cunts because

BREE

  

 

":
49 pcrccnt of tltc student body “7!?

graduating with hottors. “This
makcs it less of an honor."

'l'iic changcs iii cam for caclt
honor is as follows:

0Com laudc ltoitor will require a
cttrtt of 3.25 ittstcad of tlic prescnt
3.0.

oMagita cttttt laudc rcquircmeut
will be raised froin 3.4 to 3.5.

OSunttna cum laude will remain
at its present level, 3.7.

The decision to raisc tltc cunts
was challenged by some UAC
ntctnbcrs. They felt that honors
sltould be made to a student
throttglt an academic department.

"Business and graduate schools

i don't catc itow titatiy other students

  

graduate with honors. Tltcy don't
ever know." said chy. “They look
mainly at gradcs, class rank and
boards."

According to SA Central Council
member lra Sontach “Titc Llcpatt-
mcnts would it:th justification for
givitig tltc honot. lttstcad of fooling
around with ttunthcrs. stitdcnts
work could be a critcriit ittstcad of
just a simplc gradc."

This proposal llUWL‘VL‘I has sotttc

problcnts lll tcrttts of intplctncnta-
tiott. “it is fcli that acadcinic
departments couldn't iittplctncnt an
honors program in four ycars,"
said chy.

The proposal to have acatlcntic
departments issttc honors lost itt it
UAC vote. The proposal to raisc
the cttttt requirements won iii a I2-2
vote.

llcforc tltc dccisiott cart go iitto
effect tltc university scnatc and

. President O’Lcary must pass it. Ac~

cording to Sotitaclt tltc dccision will
pass without much difficttlty.

ALBANY STUDENT PR ESS

‘olice Composite of tlic “Pine llills Tonclicr." He has l)('t‘ll responsible for the re-
cent assaults in tltc downtown, l’inc Hills area. He is described as a black man about
5‘ It)" with closc cropped hair. He was last observed wearing a green arntv jacket

blue jeans

their weekly grocery bill.
“With food prici.

. "4...... m-» a"... by
rclull In cxlru saving.
dinator Gerry Silver.

 
  

1,... wl‘ul

i
:

pciccnt over last Aprils' survey.

L

 

 

(NYPIRG Study Finds High
Disparity In Food Prices,

NY PIRG has announced that food prices vary by up to 6.7 percent
in the Albany area. A rcccnt two week survey of six Albany area
supermarkets found the Price Chopper on Delaware Avenue to be
the least expensive and tltc A St P on Central Avenue to be the most
expensive. The results based on a market basket price survey of
thirty-three items revealed that consumers can save up to $2.37 on

imbinu nt lighsgaltfifpmugt‘ey cotﬂgggt
or consumers." said NYPIRG survey coor-

Thc survey found that Price Chopper on Madison Avenue had the
t second lowest prices with a price variation of 3.3 percent. Albany
Public at Westgalc Pla’ut ranked third with a price variation of3.8
percent. Shop Rilc on Western Avenue attd Grand Union at Stuyve-
sant Plaza ranked fourth and fiftit rcspcctivcly: prices were between
4 and 4.5 pcrccitt ltigltcr titan tltc least expensive store. Once again.
as shown survey conducted last April. the A & P on Central Avcnttc
was the highest priced store with prices averaging 6.7 percent abovc
thOsc at tltc lowcst priccd. Price Chopper. This was an increase of 1.2

   
 
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Stickers May Replace Pay
Meters In Downtown Area .

‘lty Kart-u Fieit

Prepaid parking permits may
replace tltc rcccntly removed
dowttiowtt parking ntctcrs. The
issue was (liscttsscd at a ntcctittg

among tltc Albany Traffic
linginccring officials. Mayor
Erastus Corning ii, and tltc

Wcstci‘n Avcnttc Association on
December l2.

Thc tttctcr system was abandoned
for nitmcrous reasons. According
to art Albany ‘l'ral'fic Dcpnrlmcnt
broclturc, tltc mctcrs wcrc often iii a
statc of disrcpair because of van-
dalisrii or equipment malfunction»
ing. Labor and equipment costs for
maintaining tltc mctcrs wcrc bccom-
iitg too expensive. 'l'hc city could
not cxtcnd tltc paid parking area
without spcnditig a substantial
amount on new tnctcrs arid thcir
inaitttcnancc costs, stated tltc
brochure.

According to Traffic Engineering
l)cpartntcnt Director James Briinit.
tltc tnctcrs wcrc ttot providing a
“financial turnover." Parking
tttctcr revenue was itot cxcecding
tltc costs of repairs, replacement,
and meter collection scrvicc.

Titc prc‘paid parking permit is it

. ing system is It viable possibility. bitt

cost-cffcctivc rcplacctiicitt for tltc
parking ntctcr. Tltc pcrmits, pur-
chasctl iii booklet fortti, arc placcd
oti tltc drivcr's sidc of tltc wind-
shicltl. Time is monitored through
cltccks prcvioiisly placed iit ati ap~
propriatc tintc slot. Each permit is -
good for ottc hour parking. ' '

Thc pcrittits were tested for threc
weeks on sections of Central V
Avcnttc. State Street. Pearl Street, .
and Broadway Street. Brunit said.

"Pcrmit sales increased it lot bct- I

wcctt Novctnbcr 19 arid now." He .
addcd that “it given a little time, ‘
public acceptance will increase and

this will increase permit sales."

The new system will not cost
anything and will provide im- 4
mediate revenue for the city. The t:
cottirolled paid parking can be ex- =
tended witltout additional invest~
tttcttt.

There is a moratorium currently
itt effect until January 2. Coming
will thrn decide whether or not the
system should be used. ‘

llrunit said. "The pro-paid park-

otlter alternatives titttst also be in-
vcstigatcd.

PAGE THREE

 

,7....s. s: “we.” 1 ~. .m

 

