 

 

 

   

 

 

 

n' r~rm..\~w‘hro t-‘r- ..

“DELTA” Si'cm='-i>r  5

Delta Sigma ,Pi

The Professional Business Fraternity

Fireside Lounge

‘Tuesday Feb. 8 John Levato

Fireside Lounge
8:00 CC 375

State U Lounge

m..- xs v

UPCOMING RUSH EVENTS
‘ Monday Feb. 5 Meet the Chapter 9:00

8:00

Tuesday Feb. 13 Committees in action

Thursday Feb. 15 Keg w/Brothers 9:30

For men and Women
interested in enhancing
their business careers.

Page 2a

 

February 2' 1979

 

 

man sitting in a rowboat in the
middle of a picturesque lake
proclaims. “i love to fish in it."
Momentarily. the scene shifts.
It‘s no longer quite so placid. Rapids
churn luriously in front of the viewer.
llirouglr the white water. a canoe
emerges, A younger man. who is
obviously having the lime of his life.
summons up the energy to tiredly shout.
"I love to canoe in it!" Finally.
several youngsters frolicking in a

 

 

 

 

 

Joe

Jack
ltllll

 

 

 

I or more informal/on call:

60945759
.lllUldUl] 465-0239

Camera club Meeting

wen. FEBRUARY 1th“at 8:30PM
mums CENTER noon an

informational Membership Meeting

courses to Black and White and Color Photograpy to be

discussed.

4‘36- l680
do I -b094

  
   
 
 
  
 
  
   
   
    
  
 
 

 

mountain lake inform us in unison that.
"We tov- to swim in it!" And, ofcourse.
there‘s that familiar background music
"l-l-I-l—I; l-l-l-l-t Love New Y( rk." It
alrttost makes you want to diV‘ irio the
Hudson.

Brian Kurtzer

“t In so proud of this campaign." The
speaker is Jim Gallant. the young tread of
marketing for the New York State
Department of Commerce. Division o|
lourist‘. (iallant. sponsored by the Delta
Sigma Pi busirtess fraternity CitiTiL' to
.SltNt /\ last Monday night. The t8—
ruorttlt—old 'l Love New York" campaign
is. In a sense. his baby. He‘s been with it
since its inception. when Bill Doyle. (“the
hiatus behind the campaign“) chose
traltaut tor his staff.

" l ouirsm can be a great berietrt to tax
rcteituc without increasing tax burden.

 

 

 

reaclting appeal. This motivated the state
to develop packaged tours of the city,
which could be sold in other markets, so.
while commercials enticing viewers to
vacatioit in the great upstate outdooisarc
seen along the east_ coast from titt-
L‘arolinas to Maine ((iallant‘s lititllc
state). tnost of the country has not heard
the proto-typical New Englander cat-He.
"but i love New yaaaak.“

ltcalr/ing that the major attraction or
New York City is Broadway. ti liltttltl\\.t\
theatre commercial was tlL‘\L‘ltrpr;.f
lcatitrrng a multitude of stats Irtirn
current shows. The commercial \\.r. .r
rrttrsreal with only one song; a loiir “our
duty. You guessed it! 'l he only \rirrarrorr,
on the theme is spoken by a popular. 
rnetamorplntsi/ed bat. who sl.llr'_ ,.
prcleicncc tor New York alter sttrttlourr

the Broadway commercial has hctorrrc
the crowning glory of the L'illilpltllltl It
has won many awards including 2( it t...
it lorty. and an award as llic "t‘vl
campaign of any state. in tact. irt (I ltrlt
through September ranking ot popular
comritcrctals it finished 7th.
commercials for products such as Pip-r
Sctrlrtl. and McDonalds. No“ that‘x
distingurshed company fora mcic Lli‘.

this commercial is the spearhead lot
promoting the packaged ltttlis o1
Broadway and the City nattoirmtl‘.
lrrnel agents may simply call airlrtitw to
make all reservations through

l r

 

lrchrrrtl

' February - 2,11

 

 

 

the bull

 
   
    
  
    
    
   
  
 
 
  
  
   
 
 
 
 
  
  
  

During l‘)b7—75.tourism inthisst'itc grew cornputcri/ed system. This aspect oI tht-
at 7'. per year. But. inflation was also promotion has been introduced to llllL'\
about 7', per year. Meanwhile. there such as Palm Beach. 'Chicauo .rtttl
\\L'l'L‘ states that were aggressively Naslnrllc. i

promoting themselves. Massachusetts‘ Has this phase of the campaign lm-rr
toitristn grew at 28% per year. successful? (iallant notes that bctorc the
t otiriccticitt-Zt'a'.. . ."hesaid.Gallant has Broadway campaign was launched ll.tnl

 

all the pic-campaign figures at hand.
i hey portray New York as a very passive
state. '

ho. tltc campaign was initiated to
remedy this situation iii a dynamic
tiishton. “We commissioned a survey
which incorporated marketing and
goternrncnt. this was the first time a
consumer goods marketing philosophy
has applied to a state. We realized tltal
\cu iork Statcand New York (‘itvwcrc
drtlci‘ertt products entirety." I

the city. of course. has more far—

 

 

 

 

MOHAWK
CAMPUS

Open for ice skating and tobogganing.
( ,
Cross—country skiing is close by. 
Open for parties and seminar groups. 

For reservations
between 12 and 1. Monday—Friday.

371-6941

littltlud by BA

call 

and information.

  
    
  

 

 

 

 

 

ttngforlhciiiuiiti tl

 

 

 

""""“"t¢" 'tl’Ultt-itt strm A last Multilin
‘. _ _ _.. .

  

\ alcuttnc's Day). Broadway tickets \rcrt-
stL'tlLllly declining.

"in the tollowing months. tickct stiles
increased 2 percent. then 26 percent. their
.34 percent.“ Broadway actors seem to
share (iallant‘s enthusiasm. “llrt
Broadway commercial was strot on the
tttrry ol the worst bli/Jard irt New York rrrl
years." he relates. “Out of 80 actors who
said they'd participate. only tour didn't
show too couldn‘t get a cab that day. \ct
all these actors were cornirtg to do rlrc

.oi/ii/irm/ on [tritjr' tr

)

 

 

 

yttiiiiiii: liiiitiiiitlt old I l inc \i'tt \ork

 

ntgitt.(l'hoto: iturl ('haii) l

 

 

 

J-i‘rmnina-J .~..

e was brash and he was brazen.
He was serious and yet he
clowned. He was childish for
one minute. and then an
overpowering giant the next.
lie was insulting at times, but he was
lrrcndly as ltell. l-le yelled, he whispered.
he laughed. hc shufﬂed. and he smiled.
but most of all. he seemed to be himself.
Preceded by a film that highlighted his
tumultuous career. introduced as the
most recognized person in the world, and
received with a standing ovation by a
sold-out crowd. Muhammad Ali strode
onto tire platform at the SU NYA gym last
luesday night. and spoke for
approxtmately an hour and fifteen
minutes on a wide array oftopics ranging
trom philosophy to Howard Cosell.

Jay Gissen

Belore he even said hello. he was
waving the crowd to sit dowrt. much to
the surprise of thousands of fans who
expected to receive the most swell-headed
man they had ever idolized. Once that was
taken care of. Ali still wasn't satisfied.
there was another matter to be taken care
ol the lighting. In fact. the very first
\Hil'ds troin l'he Champ‘s mouth were.
"I‘m not gonna start speaking until you
till it the lightsorr." ltc didn‘tcvcn want to
he spotlighted: he wanted to be able to see
his audience as they could see him.
llrcri crime a slight misunderstanding.
the audience. weaned on the Ali of pre-
light itrtcrttcws and (‘oscllian victory
itcbzttcs. expected the champ to clown
around for an hour or so with the same
pompousrty and punch as he showed
ticorgc l‘oreman in ‘74. or Sonny Liston
tcrt years earlier. Wrongo. uppercut
hrcath! All was trying to be serious!
"I‘d appreciate it if you all could keep
quiet. there‘s a time for clowning and a
tune to be serious. l madc $53,000,000
trout clowntng. biil for awhile tonight.
I‘m going to be serious. We‘ll clown

 

litter."

the (ircatest had actually come with a
planned lecture; ti speech. arid the
audience wasn‘t quite willing to accept it
at last. Alt totigltt tire with fire: “I have a
lecture here. and with the mentality ol this
cr'ou d. i don‘t think yoii‘ll tinderstaird it."
A little justification was in order. Was
this really Muhammad All? ()i' an
irnpostcr'.’ then again. one never does
know \\ hat the Champ will say from one

Sptnlis was uglier than that.

 

7' w x r--. . rllvvvvmhr .. ... . i-I‘»

Ali said that Joe Frazier was sooooooo ugly, but that Leon

   

*‘iuhum .a a -0

V .

Heli: The Fighter Turns

moment to the next. He's as
unpredictable in front ofa microphone as
he's been in front of some ill-destined
challenger like Chuck Wepnertremcmbcr
turn?) or Leon Spinks.

"I‘m not the same person you see inthe
boxing ring. I played the fool. Like
another tool named Howard Cosell. (A
traditional round of applause for any dig
at Howard). All those years on television.
I was acting. Most of my life has been a
show.“

. Arid with that. The Champ introduced
the topic of the night's lecture: “The
lnioxrcations of Life.“ And an interesting
lecture it turned out to be. Sounding at
trtiics like a minister preaching in the deep
South. Ali unleashed his philosophy on a
eoril used crowd. very puzzled, but at least
qlltL‘l.

"You don't know me because you saw
the clown. l‘m not wise in school books.
for wise in life. And the wise man can act
the tool. but the fool cannot act wise."

A little stnilc followed that last quote.
and he looked up at the audience with the
look ot irirtoccncc in his eye. and softly
said:

"Makes sense. don‘t it

Slut! I thought. This isn‘t even a figltt.
and [or some reason. l‘rn rooting for the
guy anyway. i noticed ltow great he
looked. And he sounded so clear. Not a
hit punch drunk. And his se|f~written
lecture. other than being a tritle repetitive
at certain points. was well-composed and
“ell-delivered.

“We desire to understand what we
cannot understand. What at one time
goes yoit satisfaction and pride the next
time gives you humility. Today‘s
-cortdtlion and only today‘s condition
counts. Lite is always changing.just like
the weather. the only thing clear to mart
is the moment he calls the present.“

"l’r'ctty heavy stuff for a dumb boxer
like me." he laid quippcd bcforcthc show.
And as heavy as it was. Ali still managed
to rntcryect sortie potent clowning during
the lccttirc. But this clowning was
drtlcr’ent. it had an edge of seriousness lt
tlelr\ cred points. opinions. aitd political
“ll.

"I can't believe it! (irown people
waiting to see Superman fly! Well that‘s
like I “its. i said I was The Greatest. and
talked and yelled. and they bought
tickets. then one million. two million.
three million . . . "

()n the topic of marriage. and his two

i,"



u«nar-m--.h WW...

 

. down to almost nothing
MM ”

  

I Have it lecture here, and with the mentality ofthis crowd, I
don't think you'll understand it.

. -r*v.."’-t

divorces. Ali observed that. “ . . . it cost

~me $2.00 to get married, and $2,000,000

to get free.“

And when he recalled a time ten years
earlier when he had made his last college
tour. Ali remembered his opposition to
the war in Viet Nam. and his refusal to
serve. in a statement ofironic truth. The
Champ noted that as far as his opposition
tothe war was concerned, “.  lfi waited
two extra months. it would‘ve been in
style." " '

During the lecture. boxing seemed to

‘ he the furthest thing from his mind. When

he did mention his lighting career nearthe
end of the lecture. he himself playedit

   

 

'No big thing. i beat Spinks. Two
brothers lighting and one brother won.“

'lt almost made me feel bad for being
cxcttcd about it. Maybe Muhammad Ali
has transcended boxing. as he‘s been
claiming so much recently. Ididn't know
It lsltotild feel happy orsad. We‘rclosing
a boxer. but we‘re gainingadiffcrcnt kitid
oi hero.

the new Ali views boxing as a vehicle
tor Itiinsctt. Boxing brought him tip to
this level ot tame and fortune. and has set
turn at this point with endless
opportunities in front ofhim. For that. he
is tltunktul. but it is now. he claims. when
his work will begin.

Air has recently formed WORl 0.
World Organization for Rights. Liberty
and Dignity. Boasting members likeJohn
li'tl\ otta and Stevie Wonder. Ali's goal is
to set up olfices in as many countries as
possible. and raise as much money as
possible. all to aid the needy all over the
globe. the sounded like an innocently
excited youth as he revealed the logo for
“URL”. and let everyone know that
he'd be the only one to sigrt cltecks to
insure complete honesty.

r\llLl then he was done. He placed his
speech hack into his briefcase. looked at

' the audience, and nonchalantly said:

".Now we can clown.“
And clown we did._ immediately
opening the audience to questions. the

 

l‘iiotos by Marc Hensehel

‘rirtrreseprtet

    

Sometimes i wishwl m: V
and Howard CoSelt was a tree_

 

m~ .-

.lirst one posed asked when he would
defend his title. That was all Ali needed to
go on. and his mouth was off and
running. 4 —.

Claiming that the worst thing in'the
world he could do is get in the ring again.
he insisted that he, was now a
businessman. and ‘a young one at 37.'But
it wasn‘t the businessman Alithat refused
324.000.000 to ﬁght Mike Rossman and
Duane Bobbick.

"t can beat ‘em both,“ the boxer
boomed. “they‘re both two bums
compared to me."

Switching to some well—deserved self-
praise. The Champ said he was bigger
than anything‘in Hollywood. And in light

 

do! .

      

ol his ice for the second Spinks tight. he
called ltrmsclf the real six million dollar
man. He also insisted he was still "pretty."
illitJ the round ofapplause following that
trite tirdtcatcd that SUNYA agreed.
ltirmng to a jovial attack stance. he
stud that Joe Frazier was“soooooooooo"
ugly. bttt that Leon Spinks was uglier

I than that. And as far as digs go. would the

melting have been complete without a
good shot at Cosell‘.’
"Sometimes." he said. “i wish i was a
dog and Howard Cosell was a tree."
there was only one thing left that the

. . . . i _ ...,,.....:.w7‘m~'vm., .»  wt. .L is... mp...  '

crowd wanted to seeszheVLnfgtmgg‘s Ali
(Shuttle. And ‘Ali.’ ﬁlm‘ﬁiit alway, the
crowd-pleaser. relented. and agreed to
demonstrate his moves against a lucky
tolirutcer truth the audience. Even in a
lull suit. and. as he warned. out ofshape,
it looked damn good. The Champ

 

'I‘tiere‘s I time for clowning and it time to be serious  for
awhile tonight. I'm going to be serious. We'll dlown Inter.

shuttled like only The Champ can do.
\\il\cd good—bye. and then left.

(\s l walked back/to my room. 1 was
thinking about how great Ali was; how
lrrcndly he seemed; how open he turned
our to be. I thought about the guy‘s
t trar‘tsnia: the guy‘s punch; his personality
.rrrd his Wll. When i got back. everyone
rskcd me how Ali was. t smiled a little bit.

"l’t'ctly good stuff for a dumb boxer
like hurt." I said. and proceeded to tell
them every damn thing i could remember
ttrrri saying.

   

 

 

 

 

i.--

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

‘. 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  

 

 

 

 

