      

      

l
I
3,

en mm...“

_‘(ll 'Vl“‘2ll(l'.‘ .1“-

.,y-.. .~.~

Rape Motives Studied aysumm

continued from page one
not the same. as rape victims
experience ‘during rape-induced
paralysis.“ said Gallup. ,

Gallup explained that since fear.
overtones of predation. contact and
restraints are common denomin-
ators to rape and the induction of
tonic immobility. and because the
reactions by rape victims are often
similar to the behavior exhibited by
immobilized animals in SUNYA
labs. “it is concluded that tonic
immobility and rape-induced
paralysis represent the same
phenomenon.“ '

On the basis of experiments
conducted with rats. mice. guinea
pigs. lizards. frogs. and as many or
300 chickens per month. Gallup
believes that tonic immobility may
be the precursor of actual utatonia
in humans.

 

 

Gordon 6. Gallup. Jr.
Chairing rape study mmmittpc.

“Scientists may be able to show
that by manipulating the presence or
absence of tryptophan. an essential
amino acid required by diet and the.

precursor of serotonin. we have

dietary control over behavior." said
Gallup. “You are what you eat may
have credibility. A tryplophan-free
diet. such as a corn diet model. says
that in a few weeks schizophrenia
could be gone.“

OCA/PHNA ConferOn Housing Laws

cantimmi from page three
for rent controls that would prevent
landlords from charging unfair
rents. An additional agreement will
involve advocating that SUNYA
accept more responsibility for its off
ampus students. Both groups view
SUNYA‘s present commitment to
off campus students and to the
Albany community as inadequate.

OCA and PHNA hope to present
their plan to students and
neighborhood associations at their
November monthly meetings. After
two to three weeks of' ‘L ' from
students and community. the two
groups hope to bring the package to
the Albany Common Council for
consideration by early I980.

Kcnncdy says it is difficult to
predict how good the chanccsarc for
abolishing the city ordinance. but
 the picture is much brighter
now that they have lhc support of
the PHNA.

Ironically. the PH NA is lhc vcry
group that originally pushed for the
passage of the anti-grouper law in

Doctoral Programs

ruminant/front page Iltrr'r'
facilities are asked." said Half.
Vice President of Academic
Affairs [)th: Martin and SUNYA
Prcsidcnt Vincent 0‘|.cttry review a
report with SEI). discussing
technical errors as well as goals of
thc program. A sttttcmcnt of the
program's evaluation is sent to a

I974.

According to PHNA President
Frederick Ruff. OCA presented the
group with information over the last
five years that convinced them that
the law wasn‘t working and should
be lifted.
~ “We're not out to scrap the Anti-
Grouping 141w. but we are looking
for a replacement for it.“ said Ruff.
“We‘re looking for a law that will be
fair to everyone concerned.”

Besides the Pine ‘Hllls
Association (which covers the area
L ‘ “ by ‘VV L' , Ave..
Woodlawn Ave.. Lake Ave.. and
Allen Street).'othcr neighborhood
associations such as the Céntcr
Square Association (representing
the area just above the South Mall).
have given their tentative
endorsement this week. Kcnncdy
sees this as very promising to the
student causc.

“Support from these two groups is
crucial." he says. "if we‘re goittg to
get this thing abolished once and for
all.“

under Study

rating committcc which decides if it
meets SEI) guidelines. ()ncc this
review is complete. an SEf)
recommendation of the program is
sent to the commissioner for a final
decision.

Downtown Postal Service OK’d

continued from page one

decision. Apparently. Pine Hill
postal employees were leaving mail
deliveries on the steps outside of the
dorm.

These charges were denied by
Pine Hills Post Ofﬁce Superinten-
dent V .niam Kissanc. who claimed
mail delivered to closed quads is
brought back . to the ofﬁce and
delivered at a later date.

Failure to inform students of zip
code changes caused mail delays.
not the change in post ofﬁces.

According to Alvarez. who met
with Radko and Director of
Residence John Welty Monday
morning. i the Pine Hills postal
service will be closely observed so as
to prevent further delivery
problems.

“Should such problems arise.
other alternatives will be looked
irito.“ Alvarcl said.

Anthony said the mail delay.
coupled with an increase of
complaints from students and
parcnls. convinced him into
resuming business with Pine Hi‘ls.

"I‘ve been getting many calls from
angry people. One irate gcntlcman
complained that his diabetic
daughter. who lives in Alumni.vwas
not receiving her medication. When
health of students is involved. it‘s
time for action." ltc added.

Anthony informed Radko that all

' decisions concerning mail delivery

will huvc'to be authorized by him.
Radko refused to comment on the

issue until she was more familiar
with the situation. Alvarez is
expected to confer with her today.

Assistant Director of Purchasing
and Administrative Services Brian
McNulty cited the problem as "a
definite lack of communication.“

“The problem should have been
resolved easily but because of
misunderstanding. it was blown out
of proportion. We‘ll learn by our
mistakes.“ he told Alvarez.

McNulty said that members ofthc
administration are expected to meet
with Dean of Student Affairs Neil
Brown on the issue.

According to Alvarez. John P.
Haggerty. Director of file
Department. did not even know of
the problem's existence until he read
it in Friday‘s ASP.

“And when I told Robert Stcir
(Asst. Vice President for Finance
and Business) that l was upset over
the lack of communication cxisnng
in the department. he agreed with
me.“ Alvarez exclaimed.

In response to Anthony‘s rcccnt
claims that the Albany Central P.()
in Colonic has bins full of SUNY‘s
undelivered mail. Anthony Dll.cllu.
Manager of Deliveries and
Collections at the facility. pointed
the fault in the other direction.

He full that Anthony was usttlg
the I2 million dollar faciltty in .t
scapegoat instead of blaming ht~
own postal service. DiLcllo alm
denied the presence of such ntat'.
bins.

 

 

DOWNTOWN STUDENTS ll!

USE ZIP CODE‘12203 ll!

 

 

 

 

SENATE

 

PAGE SIX

INDIAN-J
COLONIAL-J
OFF-CAMPUSuZ

CLASS OF ’8]
.CLASS OF ’83

Applications for
ASSIST ANT ELECTION COMMISSIONERS
are also available in the S.A. Ofﬁce

ALBANY

FALL ELECTIONS I979

The nomination period for all S.A.
positions will start Tuesday,Sept. 25th
and end on Wednesday, Oct. 3rd at
4 [ML Self-nomination forms for the

following positions are available in
y the S.A. Office:

CENTRAL COUNCIL
INDIAN-2
COLONIAL—2

AL UMNI—I .

STATE-2
'DUTCHuz

»

' STATE—i
DUTCH-J

UP'F-CAMPUSé-G

 

   

(EILEEN 69631313 IHHBDUQ

PAIII. NEWMAN m
RCEORCEIOYHILILFIUH

27‘

.53" .7 ‘


l/J’ -

  

tor .

1.00 w/ tax
1.50 w/ out

rumba try at

 

 

 

BE A MENCH!!

ADOPT A GRANDPAREN‘I'

N

 

Work at the Daughters of Sarah Nursing Home.

JSC'a Social Action Committee has
an orientation program tonight.

Me’et at the bus circle at 6:30.

Info. call: 7-7508

STUDENT PRESS

 

 

SA FUNDED J

S ‘.l"l‘EMBER 25. 1979

 

 

As acts on Tuesda . _

 

Call me impetuous. Some evenings ago ‘—
Monday last if you into.“ — having little or
nothing in my purse, save ‘ur two free tickets
to J.B. Scolt's. and nothing particular to
interest me on T.V. (except, perhaps,
Coming Home. Perhaps . . .) l thought I
would cruise about a little and check ottt one
of the musical hols )ols of Alban .

S.G. Gerber

Chances .tre, you've never heard of “W
Simms Brothers Band. I certainly hadn't; in
fact. I might llt’VQl’ have. were it not for those
two from ttrkuts (and one other consulting
adult).

A \vt't'kt'nd ntghl, osputitnlly at 10:30pm. IS
not exactly pritttotimt' for Citpllillilllfl rock
unlltus‘tnsls. and JB. Sculls lost Mondtty
night. provod no vxcopltoo.

The spacious club fcll empty; it few
scattered groups those lttblus whllc lltc rust
of the scum crowd looked on from their
slaltons at the bar.

Quite frttnkly. [was prepared for tho wot st,
St) Wllt‘ll if they cut on album. So has Cher. l
was sort: lltnl lhls band would bu like all lllt'
rcsl too loud. and raunchy, or
Mtettllottfusque M your basit‘ IIfII'TUtIdy‘filr
weekend-gigs band.

50. cynically sipping our scvcn-and-sevcns
we sat sombre; after all, we rationalized. they
could only play so long.

1 happened to casually glance up early in
the first set, when I noticed the lead singt'r
writhing like Road Slrzworl with a hair caught
itt his zipper, and thc bassisl hopping up and
down. almost funding on tho drumscl. This.l
thought lo myself, is not just ztnolhcr bond
front LA.

Truly, this singer, this David Spinner. nt-t-
Konzittltt (which oilhcr muons spinner iIt
Polish or I'm going to be pretty cmbarrasst'd
when this guts into print) inspired me to pay
llltH't' sttrious attention. Eitht'r he was a mun
with a mission, or a man with tt very weird
sense of humor. (Lilfcl, l was reminded of a
song he porfonttod with his bond on lhc stage
floor.)

Another interesting personality was
Shimmy Maki. the bassist, who got the
ntcknome “Shimmy” from his sister who
toultln'l pronounce his real name when they
wore lllllo. His real name I can't pronounce.

In not an unprecedented eccentric-bassist
fashion. Shimmy kept his stance right nexl to
tho drummer. afterwards explaining that it
helps them concentrate on rhythm.

Later, toward the and of the second set. ho,
emerged from obscurlly for a bass solo wilh
his impressive looking and sounding Carl
Thompson Bass. Stonle Clarke uses one,

but Maki was more reminiscent of Walter
Borer of Steely Dan, though his own artistry
left d (IltilIIlL‘l impression,

 

 

ﬂeet

., “v.7 .4... , .. _.........._.

The keyboard player, Rob Sakino, a
Hunter college graduate front the Bronx,
does most of the composing. His inﬂuences,
rock. jazz. pop. and even reggae blend logive
the Simms Brothers Band a style and a
“Iislenability” all their own.

Their songs are catchy. Hearing them for
the first time you can almost sense having
heard them somewhere before. Rhythmically
and mt'lodically the songs havv a tightness.
some intrinsic quality that's hard to quitc
pinpotnl bttl that has you tapping your foot
almost tn Spite of yourself. as if they worn long
limo ltlt’tﬂllt‘s.

The band's drummer. Budd Tunick.
doesn't fry to dazzle audiences with
flttﬁlllllt’ss; lw's jusl a grunt drummer who can
ltL't’p up a quirk tempo without falling tttto tlw
rut of soundtng the some ovury limo.

Mit‘kt'y loonttrd is an exciting lend
gullorist. Ho srrccchos out the notvs on his
Fcndt'l Slrttlot'nslcr. using woh wnh pedals
for enhancement, but never looxcoss. Lttlcl‘l
asked him which gttilttrisl had the grtrttlcsl
impact on him as .t [lt‘lftlllllt'L lixpt-t'ling fllt'
obvtous answer. l was pltutsottlly sllrprtst'd
\Ullt'll ho IL'])llL'(l ".It'ff Burk."

George and Frank on! tho Bl‘tllllt‘IS Stmnt.
Both sing. 'f'hcy'l‘t’ lromt'ntfotts htutnoniu'ta,

    

almost immediately brings to mind Brian
Wilson. el. al. Frank. who has a Master's
degree in English from U. of P., also plays
rhythm guitar. He founded the band three
and a half years ago when he became
disinterested with his teaching job. So. he
looked toward rock music for a career. With
his father and uncle in television, show-biz
wasn't somelhing totally foreign to Frank.
George. the other Simms, played a variety
of unique percussion instruments, remotely
sexual objects. each of which was
successively dropped when tossed off stage
to one of the readies.
Colleclively or separately the Simms

Last Wave Leaks

Pt’ft‘l Weir's Tho Lust Wow is .1 Strange,
fascinating filtn about the end of lllt‘ world.
Slrurlumlly. it reminds moothcltoltts Roug's
brtlltanl 1973 film Don'1 Look Now; tn both
t'uscs llw .tudlt'nt‘t' doesn't know what lllt'
hull ts going on for most of lllt’ running limo.

Mark Rossier

But when: Ruug gave us an ending lhttl llt‘tl
logcllwr most of the loose ends. WL‘II‘ .tnd his
cuscutturisls come up with some aboriginal
garbage (the film was mode and set in
Australia) that only makes math-rs llltlfl!
confusing. ll's It Shittno because lhu lllillt‘llt’ll
proceeding the final lcn or fifteen minulus,
though baffling. i5 vury interesting. Wu'n’ told
of a lawyer (Richard Clltlllllwlllll) who's ('ttllt'tl
upon to defend it gruupof .Iboriginttls thL'llf-it’LI
of murder. During this period ht"s fUIIllt‘llfL’U
by .t sortt's of bizarre (lroums involving the
Stunt: defendants. While all llllS I5 going on
Australia is in the midst of Ills biugvst l'tllnfilll in
cenlurics, but it )USI kt‘tfpt-i pourtttg on and off
for Weeks in no appttrtrnt palltnn (if this
docsn'l sound odd it looks odd in thin movie).
There's more lo lllt’ plot (I think). but tl's
much too complicated to detail here.
However. the interest of lhis early part Inuch
the curling all the more dissatisfying.

 

'l'ot'hnimlly, lhu filln it; impeccably made.
thr's VISlIdlS ill't? oflcn slunning and he uses
selling in a way few directors do. in most films
lllt' svtting (unlch it's some blindingly
lwtuttiful locale) is so realistic you barely
notice it. but in this film where what
happens is almost as important as what
happens. Thr- flISI ruinslorm occurs ill a
St'l'lfltlllltllISL’ whom the fCilL‘lwI has written
SUN till over tho blackboard, t| man is
mutdurud near it hosptlttl, and tho hero's final
I'L'VL'lrlIlUll (similar lo Donald Sutlturland's
discovery of the conclusion of Don't Look
Notu) occurs in u scwtrr; Iruc, [how are rather
.mtttlourlsh ironies, hul Weir an amateur
filmmaker with only three films to his credit ~
slides thorn in gracefully without thr- ttcon
light pretentious of mnny new (llrt‘t'lOl’S. The
ftttrl lltul somuchof Thu/.usl WUUI’IS sogood
makes it flml much sadder Ihtli er {tr-l5 lost
in lth lith he's trying to loll, The point of lht:
slory, or at least what I .tssttmt‘ is lllcl poinl,
the t'llLl 0f lhc world jtltsl occurs for no reason.
Whllu tl's good In llt' S[)tllt‘ll .tttolhter ropluyof
llu- llltlltfl‘lilllhllt’ with of non curittg~sclfl5lr
unjust prejudicial tsms of modern man, it
would be nice ifwu wore given a little hint as to
why every tmimol. vegetable, illltl mineral was
wiped off lllL‘ fatttt: of lbt: earth (I think it might
have smoothing to do with the fact that the

, Brothers. Bandhavsplwsdlteclella with. a. . . ..
variety of groups'from Aztec —'l'wo-’Step to

Harry Chapin to Ashford and Simpson.

The Simms's and Spinner also had
experience at “Reno and Sweeney‘s" and
“The Other End" in New York City. But their
main base of operations has been Stamford,
Connecticut, where all of them except Rob,
are natives. They have a huge following at '
“Toad's Place" in New Haven, but they’ve
decided to trek out on the Yellow Brick Road
of Rock and Roll glory.

Recently they signed with Electra/Asylum
and released their first LP, simply entitled.
The Simnts Brothers Band. It's getting local
airplay and the group is bursting with energy
and determination.

I broke front the Simms Brothers Band at
the end of the evening, my pockets still
empty. but the rest of me filled wilh'music.

tribe of aborigines. the first people of
Australia, hove to sol up their temple or
whulcvur it is, in .t sr-wvr underneath Sydney
A“ even so ending the world does seem to bc
over-reacting jusl a bit). Unless of course I'm
mislnterprcling and the end of tho movit: has
nothing lo do wilh lho and of the world, but
that would leave more loose ends than thch
already ilrtI.

A final point in Weir's favor ho tsublc to
gel (excellent szrformrtnccs from lllti cast,
mostly Australian actors, with tho t-xcvption
of Cltnmbcrlin. who confinuus to pth that
there is life ilflt’r Blair thllt'l’ill l-lospilttl,
Spccml mention lnusl be made of the
marvelous. job (lotto. by Olivia l'lttlnnr-ll il‘o
Chitmbterlitt's Wlft'; considering the small
distribution Australian films get In this
Counlry I don't know how oflcn we'll get to
see her. tho lose, is all ours. Ollt’ fllrlllt'f notc-
about tho rusting, fllt’ fil(‘l llml we don't know
anyone but Charnbvrlin helps heighten the
sense of confusion wv foul; not only can wr-
l1()lI'Ulilft‘fllfllffsftll’y,wt3 r.‘.tn'l r-von rt’lntc to
tho [)(‘tlpft‘ lnvulvvrl tn ll, Wt‘ll‘ is definitely a
dirucfor lo bu Wilft'lll’tl (l hoptr his I’fr'nlr‘ (11
Hanging Rock ovonltmllyplttys hurts. from
what I‘ve heard it's dazzling) oven front this
film it's evident that ho has talent especially
like R0133 (who nppt'ttrs to be it great
influence, whclhor I‘Ull‘it‘ltlllbly or not I
haven't the vuguest) .tntl Kubrick, for

-vibr.tnlly visual films. With The Lust Wave.
however, things just got away from him and
lit! creates a puzzle so t'lHllchX that oven he
has trouble putting all the pieces together.

 

Ki

 

L

SEPTEMBER 25, 1979

  
 

“LAURA ANTONELLI Is A SUPERB
COMEDIENNE WITH PERSONAL

WIT AND INTELUGENCE. SHE Is
A JOY TO BEHOLD EVERY STEP
OF THE WAY. ” ~.Judtm cm:

gm tt.mm.u and Kola Jug" pmmt Laura Antonelll m . lllm ti. Luigi Comencini

Till Marriage Do Us Part ”
on. Alberto Llonello, Mlchele Placldo m Jean Rochefon runny.
whom. Plo Angelcltl Ind Adriano De Mlchell to Dean Fllms "MW' "”

Opens Wednesday. Sept. 26 at UA Center 1 & 2
(Rear of Macy's Colonle, 459-2170)

WEE:

 

 

'3' 

\

 

We’ll meet you more than halt-way.

Planned Parenthood cornea to BUNVA.
'I'tturadaya a - 10 pm. Health Clnlar
For appolntmanla and Inlormallon: 434-2102
Planned Parenthood of Albany 5 ﬁanaulur Counties

259 Lark Sf. Albany 12210

We are beta

:59 Lark Street

 

 

(

T

 

 

 

LBANY STUDENT PRESS

BiKe House

663 HOOSICK STREET/TROY, NEW YORK/274—4388

Dealers for Peugeot — Puch -—— A.D.
Wtde Solecllon of Tourlng and Raclng Equlpment

Wheat bulldlnn and cualom bllto service with frames by
Dawns -— Slorra Toura — Holdaworltt
Quality Components by Campy —— Suntour — and Glpfamo
Hours: Mom-sat. 10 am. to 6 pm.

YOUR FULL SERVICE BIKE SHOP
AL _ . 4

PAGE SEVEN

e

 

 

     

._-.._s_-\.\. ,«g,

 

 

