 

trot-1i"! lino lmrrt‘v'r’,

 

 

1.“, Page 80 . .

  
  
  

'i'W-tsit'Z'r-r . . ..

 

Sound and Vision

 

Aspet swatwm‘r '4

. wants tea. but one knOWS how pleasing good

IheMaeisBaek

Don’t

Tusk throbs and yet misses beats. it
possesses all the fine elements of simplicity. of 7.
all nations. of three fine song writers. it beats. '
with the mostly meticulous timingpf five band, '
members on drums. bass. and‘ lass'obvlously’,
on rhythmic keyboards and an eerie guitar and
strange. exotic. soothing voices. Like some
bitter-sweet foreign coffee, it's a unique blend
of rich. earthy ingredients. bitterly and distant-
ly pleasing. in an oblique way. Sometimes one

coffee is. when desired: Such Is the partial suc-
cess formula of Fleetwood Mac. so much of it
is emphasized and hidden on Tusk.

Jay Gissen

The Fleetwood Mac of today is still a new
group. The five piece that first appeared
together on tlte Fleetwood Mac album gave an
impressive debut. utilizing the diversity of
three distinct song writers. who each sang lead
-)n their own tunes. The voices are diverse as
vell. creating a variety of mood. tempo. ex-
ecutiort. and style. The unifying backbone is
Mick l-‘leetwood himself on drums artd John
McVie on bass. They diligently prepare highly
audible rhjthm lines to make it all come
together son 'r‘how in a group forrrr.

i’leettuood Mac took them arid Warner
F others by surp ise. for this was not intended

. art AM ltit su rplier. it was an experiment
'rat worked and .till stands as a highlight of
the seventies Soft rock. hybrid American
(Buckingham-Nicks) and British
(Fl letwood-McVie). Rumours needs no
discussion. for it continued the path made by
its predecessor. Equally line. this second effort
found the Mac taking advantage of their mesh.

 

producing classy. flawless low key rock. The
rest became history.

Perhaps a bit befuddled by Rumours. they
set out to create not anotlter album. birt a
follow-up. The dangers of a tremendous suc-
cess have already ruined Peter Frampton.
Carole King, and maybe cven the E'tgles. The

Foreboding Future

Contrary to popular misconceptions. there
were science fiction films produced between
2001: A Space Odyssey and Star Wars. Some
of them. most notably Soylent Green. were
pretty good. it is true. however, that since
Star Wars. there have been far more science
fiction films produced. and of a different varie~
ty than was previously fashionable. The cur
rent popular wave tertds toward the Flasl:
Gordon school of outer space swashbuckling.
There have been a good many Star War:
modeled films (many made for television. like
Bottlestar Golactica artd Buck Rogers) and
most suffer more from a lack of imagination
than anything else.

 

Jim Dixon

 

 

This year has already seen several science
fictiott. fantasy arid horror films. and will see
more. The best of these is unquestionably
Alien. a gruesome horror film 59 tboard a
spaceship rnonthes away from the com-
parative safety of Earth. Directed by Ridley
Scott. wlro directed last year's sadly overlookv

ed film. The Due/fists Alien is in many

      
 

 

 

   

    

jljlllilit lilll

«(f It"

 

é trrilgjijr
. )l'lllll‘," 
. V

n .. mqu .m- J..."

 

 

. .. _ ,
pressure is astounding. and music could take
the back seat. This ltas not happened on Tusk.
what i can gladly and accurately call art un-
commercial record. unscattred by the press
pressure. the charts. their record company.
artd their owrt heads.

in many ways. Tusk is experimental it‘s at
times daring. at times conventional. almost
always excliirtg lit a primitive simple way. Suc~'
cess has not rtrlrted |5leetwood Mac at all. fit
fact. they seem to have ignored it totally. The.
best way to examine it seems to be to look at
he three song writers. and see how they have
fared irt light of expectations. doublcI time (it's
a two record set). and sttidro strain

The least altered writer appears to be Stevie
Nicks, wlto has contributed fivu wonderful
songs in the same Vt'ttl of her previous corti-
positions Wilclty. haunting tales of love.
quietly and scarin sung. powerful arid corti-
pelling. The best of these is “Sara.” what looks
to be the second single. as eqttally uncommer-
cial as the surprising title track Despite accusa-
tions that her voice is failing. it is not. It ltas the
saute power. or lack thereof that it always did.
"Sara" closes side one. a long tune that subtly

respects a throwback to the Cold War days.
when the terrors out there seemed worse than
the terrors at home. The plot to Alien isn't
new: we meet the it (whether boogieman or
cosmic people~eaterl and learn that it is nasty
and frightening. It then bumps off most of the
cast irt gruesome ways. leaving the heroine to
run through dark corridors. while we guess
wrong where It will jtrrrrp otrt front next. A
dark corridor is a dark corridor whether it's in a
haunted house or a starship. right?

What set Allen apart was good acting. a
very light script. and the special effects which
were as good as they come. The filnt looks
shot»onrl0cation. and that of course. is the
wltole idea.

Coming for Christmas are two intriguing
spectaculars. both with budgets in the twenty
million dollar plus range. Star Trek. The Mo»
[fun Picture. has the advantage of a built-in au-
dience. Whether or not there are enough
Trekkies to put Paramount's huge investment
over the breakveven poittt (somewhere in ex-
cess of forty million dollars) remains to be
seen. Nonetheless. the filnt reunites the entire
cast of the popular TV. series. features special

         

‘ i

  

if.

.r
r/ ‘~

        
 
  

 
   

 

 

‘.'.5.0u"d'aﬂd‘VleOH".' "'_" ”,  

. m .. ..- .... I.
ﬁrth-:3; oats.» it»: tau '-

ILilseYoul-Iear

    
   

rises with some astute. restrained instrumenta-
tion artd production

in fact. that seems to speak for the LP as a
whole. Produced beautifully. the band has
given extra credit to Littdst-y l‘litckirtglrttrrt.

Most songs feature
multiAtiacked

and be well deserves it
double trucked vocals or
background vocals. and the result is soothing
and pleasing. Another Nicks tune. “Storms.”
is a perfect example of this.

Of tlte others by Stevie. "Sisters of the
Moon" is the best. an exotic. bitter. distant
«trig with potertl drums. fritittg acoustic guitar.
and a well-built climax. The scary sound of
Stevie Nicks is matched by the relaxing sound
of Christine McVic. lfltilli sing of love. yet
MttVie's words arid voice are peaceful. Nicks'
stormy.

The opening cut of the LP is Christine
McVie's "Over artd Over." a strangely quiet
song to begin with. Christine's voice
throughout seems a bit lower than previously.
and her tunes are less obvious. less hunt-
mable. rttore inviting. “Over and Over" is one
of the best tracks. Christine seems more erratic
than the others. for she also has a couple of

effects by Doug Trumbull. Well'ltttOWti fit the
industry for his work on 200l. Close En-
counters of the Third Kind and Silent Runn-
ing. and an alien menace to krtock your
pointed ears off.

Gene Rodderrbury wrote the story with
science fiction author Alan Dean Foster. and
Academy Award winner Robert Wise (The
Day The Earth Stood Still and The An-
dromeda Strain) directed the project.

The Black Hole marks Walt Disney's entry
into the burgeoning science fiction market We
are assured that this is no kiddie film All the
stops were pulled out for the special effects. in-
cltrding the construction of a new camera
system. said to allow the ntost complicated
multiple exposures ever done. The cast in»
chides Anthony Perkins. Ernest Borgnirte and
Maximillian Schell

lit the offing are sequels to Superman. (l
hope they come up with better titles if Super-
man makes as many sequels as Jairres Bond.
Would you see a film called Superman XX
Vlfl?) arid Star Wars. Less promising is l-‘ntr'alt
Fawcett's next foray into the world of feature
fllms~Saturn 3. Farrah's just one of those peo
ple who's better off on shampoo commercials.
At least the audiences would be better served.

Lastly. and probably leastly. Dino
DeLaurentis. that wonderful griy who remade
King Kong. remade l'fnrricance. and came up
with movies about killer whales chasing
Richard Harris. and Charles Bronson chasing
a giant mechanical buffalo and somehow still

avoided having a ltit. is remaking Flush Gor-
don. Ditto meets Jason of Star Corrrtttantl. f
can hardly wait.

Since the unexpectedly early box office
demise of Meteor. the only current science fic-
tion film Is Time After Time. and this one is
definately worth seeing. The premise of the
filttt is that H. (i. Welles (for all practical pur»
poses the creator of science flctiott) created a
working tinte machine. that was stolen by Jack
the Ripper. who was busily evading a conver-
sation with the police concerning some

J u n: a

an. wsu

failures. like "Think About Me." an unfm-
pressive song that mixes her and Buckingham
and her again on vocals to become a bit too
muddled under the circumstances.

McVie's best effort is “Brown Eyes."
another double tracked vocal with heavy per-
cussion and a pulsing underlying keyboard.
The sounds of her multi-tracked choruses are
quite moving. and quite different again from
her older sounds.

The most interesting and unusual writer is
Lindsey Buckingham. the person who ap-
pears to have been the driving force behind
the entire project. His songs are diverse. yet
similar. unfinished. over-done or too simple.
imaginative. strange and overall. damn good.
He has leapt in all directions. writing short.
bouncy pieces like “Not That Funny." a
strange throw-in with fuzzy bass and super-
loud drumming. or "That's Enough For Me.”
a fast. furious. unique. bit of noise.

His best pieces are “That's All For
Everyone." artd “Tusk.” two of the fittest.
rtrost intriguing songs to Carrie front this band.
The former is strangely misplaced on side two;
it could have been a fittittg closer But Fleet-
wood Mar: dot-s rtot. apparently. go for the
obvious. The production on tltls cut is in-
genius. floating irt a ttrulti tracked. placed
main tune and then floating it out again.

"Tusk" is terrific. "Tusk" is simple. and the
tune is nothing unusual. nothing different.
However. the execution is staggering. Corti—
birting an Afro beat with some marching band
horns. gr whispered then yelled vocal. a mid-
dlu light on drums. a barely audible acoustic
guitar. and it brilliantly produced joining of all
of these things has manufactured a tiny
masterpiece. Arid the tlttrtg was recorded live
in none other than Dodger Stadium. it was all
in the production. and Lindsey knows ltow to
produce.

l'fearing the whole thing at once is a little
confusing. About twenty songs come from all
directions. and go their owrt way. The subject

nee Fiction To come,

murdered prostitutes. Welles. being a man of
conscience. tracks the Ripper down to San
Francisco. I979. The future is not the utopia
Welles had expected. though the Ripper feels
right at home, Comedy. genuine suspense.
artd romance merge as Welles deals with
future shock. the Ripper. and an affair with a
twentieth century woman.

The performances. especially from Malcolm
McDowell as Welles. David Warner as the Ripv
per. and Mary Steenbergen in the female lead
are flawless.

The script is a gem. and considering this is
novelist Nicholas Meyer's first directorial effort.
the film is a tigltt. entertaining movie. bclying a
modest budget. This is a science fiction story
for people who don't like science fiction. a
romance for people who don‘t like romances.
and a comedy-thriller for people who don't
like contedyrthrillers. (As for the suspense.
even the most jaded Hitchcock buffs should
get a siteahle knot irt their stomachs before the
filrtr is finished.)

Shoot anyone who tells you the ending
before you go see it. btrt whatever you do. go
see it.

Finally. readers may rernetttber some weeks
ago I wrote a column about lrorror»novelist
Stephen King. and mentioned that Salem's
Lot. King's best novel. was being brought to
television as a miniseries. I sat through both
two hour segments. wondering what was the
point of doing it as a minlvsurles if they still in»
tended to cut out so niuclt material. There
wasn't enough action in the first liitlf (and what
there was was silly) and there was too much iii
the second. The end result was a dlsjolntt‘d
narrative. with too little suspense The cast
was pretty good. even David Soul. who is best
known for being a bad influence on the Albany
police. The lead vampire. however. appeared
to be a dummy. Someone cry foul. This is
cheating.

if the networks are going to go after any
other King novels. let's hope they do a better
job.

- «a.  .a'

 

 

   
   

 

 

 

is love. the result is everything and anything.
Harbor no expectations. for they will not be
met. This group is r oving on. moving away.
growing as much as they cart. They certainly
ltave not given irt. or sold out. Regardless of a
thirteen million strong public. they are going
where their personalities take them. even
away frortr number one. away frortt repeal
performance. ,
Warner has made it a $15 08 list. btit for
399.98. you cart acquire a classy and again.
daring work. The design is bizarre. the
thematic dog is biting the foot that feeds it.
Perhaps this group is doing just that
themselves. bilittg away their formula for the

Soggy Streisand

I would love to be able to say that Barbra
Streisand is all washed up. for the sake of the
pun. anyway. Her new album is called Wet.
and every song examines all fornts of
moisture. save perspiration. She isn't washed
up though. and her new album. though
basically utilizing the same formula she's used
for nine years. has some changes and twists
worth noting.

Quincy Nessig

Streisand was on the cover of Time in l964.
so she's no youngster. Her voice was and
maybe still is one of the best singing voices

 

around. She's a multi-talented individual who t

has proven herself on stage (Miss Marntels-
tein). film. (Hello Dolly. Funny Girl. etc.). and
record. with such classics as “People.”
“Second Hand Rose," “He Touched Me.”
artd just about everything she recorded before
the year I970.

ltt I970. her association with producer
Richard Perry set her on a pop path. giving up
the young couples of America crowd for the
singles charts and youth.

"Stoney End" gave her a top ten ltlt. and
the songs she covered on her albums became
more and more modern. Barbra Joan Strei‘
sand remains a fine example for the ntost part.
with John Lennon’s “Mother.” a Becker and
Fagen turte. three Carole King songs. and
more.

As Barbra went pop. certain parts of her
voice went poop. Some of the power was lost.
some of the range. but not enough to take
away imrcli of its fineness. Her seventies
albums have been diverse. in terms of content
and success. "The Way We Were." in l972
gave her her last ltit until lter remake of A Star
Is Born. Though the movie got scathing
reviews. both film and record made and sold
millions Streisand was suddenly on top rtgnllt.
and the Strursrind Hupermun album was a self
satisfying followrup by Barbra. letting us know
that she knew just whore shit was. That lt’tlllV
was a good record. luti next year's Songbird
was a flop. t'tilltttlt‘lt rally and artistically.

At this poiirt. it bourttre all marketing. A

 

satisfaction of self~ltood l:lCt'l\\’t rod Mac is
more interested itt realizing a dream than sell
ing a lot, Tusk tells it like it is. the way they
want it told. This is their most riililillitllls work
yet. aitd tltouglt the ' won't be the most
popular kid irt the class anymore. they'll walk
away with art A plus. (two Tusk to someone
with tone for Christmas. for that‘s the idea that
fostered it and everything this group httsdorrt'

Its diversity. awkwardness. failure. success.
bigness. lateness. strangeness .rll mirror the
topic. You don't need to have any genius to
make great love songs. just freedom. lilm't

wood Mac has reaffirmed their fl'L’t'tltrtit. turd
it's good to hear 0

  

Off Off Offerings

As you turn off Canal Street onto Mercer
you look back at your parked car and. just for
an instant. you wonder if you‘ll ever see your
hubcaps again. Fleeting thoughts of your
possessions soon give way to concern for your
personal safety. “ls this really the place? It
looks so. . .rundown." _

 

Ron Levy

New York City's SoHo district ls loosely
defined as lytttg between Houston arid Canal
Streets and bordered by Seventh Avenue arid
the Bowery. By day the area is amass with
trucking firms. garment rtianufacttirers. and
food processors. The cobblestone streets are
clogged with delivery vans and nit-parking
violators. But at night there is a transfornta‘
tion. Pedestrians far outnutttber passengers irt
the post-twilight hours, Couples. even singles
are safe to walk alone underneath the sodium
vapor glow.

As you enter the five-story green building
that looks likLI all of the other five story green
buildings on the block. except for the large
plcxigltrss nurttber hit on the door. your senses
are instantly alerted. Your eyes dart back to
your solitary car (Is anyone else conttng?).
your nostrils flare and tltett contract as you
pass the first-floor door to the leather tanning
plant. The inner ear is first thrown off but their
amused at the slight diagonal t||t trt the decay-
ing architecture of the stairs

Off-Off Broadway is a phenomenon of our

 

Barbra’s Parade

Greatest Hits. Volume II. a duet with Neil Din
mond. the title track of The Mont littcnt were
all mediocre works relying solely on the pre
twenty audience of 45 RPM buyers arid
allowance getters. If this is what Barbra gave
up middle aged respectability for. then I just
dort't know.

Ok. the new albtrttr. The reason i like it is
because it contains many of the elements of art
old Barbra album. or of any old crooner's
albunt. A simple theme (Wetness). variety. old
and new sortgs. arid Barbra. The reason I
don't like it is because of some particularly
distressing arrangements. some filler. and
eight minutes of “Enough is Enough." the and
part of the Streisand-Summer superstar duet.

The best part of the whole record is the
opening minute of side two. “No More Tears."
it possesses a little bit of Barbra's Brooklyn
sentimentality artd it sounds sweet and simple.
The eight minutes following is simple. trite
pop-disco. hybrid junk. Summer's poorest of-
fort yet. arid Streisand's poorest since "The
Main Event." The song was done to make
millions; the two are probably noL even
friends. It was a nteeting of the voices. a
meeting of the rttilliorts. lt didrt't work. How
much more exciting it would have been had
they stayed away front disco and ducted a
ballad.

The title track is fantastic. relatively. Streir
sand likes opening lter LP's with the best cuts.
as seen throughout her career (“Superrnan."
“He Touched Me." “The Way We Were").
Site had a_hand irt writing it. and it works. It‘s
hard to describe Streisand cuts with arty diver-
sity: There are songs and she sings.

“Come Rain Or Come Shine‘ is
blasphemy. The old Mercer—Arlen classic is
over-modernized irtto pseudo-disco junk. The
following “Splish Splash" ls gimmicky filler-
upper stuff: Hey guys. we need another cut
for the album.

I have mentioned some poorer aspects first.
but lllt' rest of llitfhrilliutii is fine. lfer singing is
dynamic. powerful. restrained when
necessary. illitl its soothing as ever. "Niagara"
in simply a beautiful tune. “Orr Rainy After-
noons" and "After The Rain" .rlso liit‘t'l with

bllllllélr SUCCESS.

 
 

Streisand has trot performed live now or tiff
for over seven years. and that was just at a
democratic benefit. This puts her into a drlertr
flirt. which may explain her recent disco-pop
direction. Those young couples I mentioned
earlier are irt their forties itow. and most don't
buy records. They‘d go to her conerts. but
there aren't any to go see. So Barbra sells to
the group that does buy records. and doesn't
really care about hearing it live. How long this
will go on is quite up iii the air.

Barbra has cashed irt on disco‘s appeal. her
name. her second rate films. She used to be a
simple entertainer with a voice that could kill.
Now she's a business woman with varied in-
forests. Singing on albums happens to be one
of them. 0

 

..r “"l r. 'i

The Wet Look: Barbra Streluund's new album. Wt-t.
production. Though the dlck has It: leaks, there are some drips and drops of

unwavering high water market.

On With I
The Show

culture. Perhaps In response to the rising costs
and heightened politics of the Broadway and
Off-Broadway circuits. it has evolved from
almost a cult-like underground movement to a
respected and thriving institution in New York.
with branches beginning to extend into other
American cities.

The actors. actresses and others involved in
Off-Off-Broadway are all in it for their love of
theatre. certainly not for the money. Steven
Brant. director of the Ctthaeron theatre com-
pany. explained the situation. "a daytime job
is simply a means of supporting our work. It
pays the bills. A financially successful show
may lte termed one that manages to reimburse
the cast's subway fare."

Recently the theatre actor and actresses
urtiort. Actors' Equity. sought to bar its
members from playing in shows that did not
pay their minimum contract salary. The result
» large numbers of performers protested the
Union to irt art attempt remairt where they felt
they had more artistic freedom.

The entrance to air off-off Broadway theatre
is the theatre: space is at a premium so little ef-
fort is made to simulate a lobby. The
“theatreitrtlreiound" is common. Seating
may be on the floor. a 10-foot wooden plat-
forrtt. or on a construction scaffold. Directors
seek to draw their audience ittto the play to let
them feel closer to the emotions of the
characters.

Entertainment is exchanged for an in-depth

sensual education. improvisation of scenery
arid dialogue involves us in the dramatic flow.
The high leaves of a tree. for example. are the
reflections of the silk front an old parachute
canopy strung from the ceiling Costumes are
often no more than worn street clothes and
the music. usually a piano solo or electric
orgatt. is sporadic to heighten the drama.
Open ended paint cans with colored gels
taped across provide the lighting to the distress
of City Fire Marshalls. And. unlike Broadway
and Off-Broadway shows. companies on Off-
Off-Broadway may stay together for years.
learning and improving with each other.

The New York State Council on the Arts
regularly allows grants to those groups it feels
are best exploring the theatre medium. thus
the government has recognized the need for
art alternative theatre. To view a production.
to be a part of the show as actor or audience.
is an event one should not miss. Listings for
such fine groups as Soho Repertolry. La
Mama and Cttharron may be found In the Off—
Off-Broadway listings of the Village Voice.
with shows running throughout the year. 0

Wt

 

 

    

    

s' k- . 4
ﬂounder: In a tide of over-

 

 

 

5".‘1‘." . .

 

 

.  _ I _
A isn‘t-1"“:

 neitSr‘t'ttrfﬁiC‘R '

I”

 .. .. - Alt     . a . . r . . . . . ..—r........... 
,‘.;_.§‘L....‘4'.fs5é.-~.-nn v inwanxr-uuromvu e rruu- I 4 ar-I-V‘NAAHA . t .«hts-‘v'lw-vlvurl-rcﬂu-VjV‘rFJAMw '- r «as-«4 renamed-rein.» «a (limit-‘1 r armoo vowed-N. o’owovvu-swu'vm

t

.u

 

 

