 

 

 

 

(EILEEN? 99631313 Batman
What’s lip Doc 7
Thursday March 15 _7_:I:(123_3_9___

 : Friday March 16 7330 and 9f_3_Q___

 . i The Grateful Dead Film

 ‘ Saturday March 17 .
7:00, 9:30 and 12:00 midnight

  

VS AR

 

 

 

 

 

Lecture Center 18 ,75 w/tax $1.25 w/out

 

 

 

 

,, 4 4 SpEClAthRlCE

SA REc0Rd Co—op
MAR'sliAllTuckER BANd $260

MARshAll TuckER BANd
SEARcliiN' fon A RAleOW

 

   
  
 

CARoliNA DREAM

  

  

A .

 

 

M-F 10 AM 10 4 pm 151 Flon CC

 

 

BHLLV ON THE
CHPITOL

STHTEIIIIDE DEMONSTBHTION
to STOP rue TUITION HIKE
wenuesotw, mnncn 21

Rally on campus 10:30
i (in front of CC)

March Downtown 1 1:15
Rally at the Capitol 1:00

 

Special buses will be provided a
for non—marchers l ;
ﬂlbonu Student Union/SHSU/Sﬂ ,

 

 

 

{loqnhm FOREVER

 

 

 

share the joy of

 ' WEIFTHON $79

March 16 - 17
8 pm Friday to 8 pm Saturday
CAMPUS CENTER BALLROOM

ADMISSION:

$.75 with TELETHON ’79 T-SHIRT
. $1 without

   
  
   
   
     
     

Featuring great talent including:

  
  
   

singers magic acts
dancers rock bands
comedy routines gymnasts

    
 
 

Be there for:

    
 

Food, Beer (ID required),

  
 

Proceeds to benefit The Wildwood School

 

 

All night bus service from rear of Campus Center to Wellington Hotel

Cartoons, The Dating Game, Disco Hour

CHILDREN’S HOUR 10 am - 2 pm Saturday with special guests:
T-Shlrts, Balloons tor Sale, Door Prize Winners announced Saturday night

for Developmentally Handicapped Children

     

THRSEJGH
Trlof 1Y5
CHtLD

 

WENc/y

lam-7am

Continuous Pies-in-the-Face
to noted Campus Celebrities

Continuous Auctions
of valuable merchandise

The Wildwood Children

 

 

 

  
 

 

 
 
  
 

"we" vw-vwv- m an...» «Nam- —............‘,.-r...‘... r .... .t... “he... “nah”, ,

 

--.——.-...r...

--"'AW...M-._. “Cw...” n. .-...- ..._,.,

 

@

ﬂu

ﬁjﬂmont common ofmen enjoyed] York's loyalties to kin and king conflict
the plays of William Shakespeare again when he discovers his son
hundreds of years ago, it takes a most Aumerle's attempted treason. While his
uncommon amount of concentration to loyalty 10 RiChRi‘d ii sends him to his
appreciate his historic works today. knees, begging for his 5011's death. his
Armed with the appropriate wife eloquently pleads for Aumerle’s life
concentration, and the royal family tree While bOih Aumei’ie alid ""3 kins MC
of Edward lll'sdescendentsconvcniently bill-felt“ in "19 meSi or emotional
cnfolded in the program, those who share conniCi.

an appreciation of Shakespeare have the While the foundation 0f “Richard H"
opportunity this week to View an is the recounting ofa plitical conﬂict, itis
uncommonly fine production of the emotional conﬂicts that Shakespeare
“Richard H," Directed by A, Weincp balances upon that foundation which
“Richard 1]" is playing m ‘hc pAC form the structure ofthe drama. Thus,
through Saturday. Mai-ch 17. the most complex conflicts arise not

between individuals, but within.
 Meyermann Richard II is probably Shakespeare's
most complex portrait prior to Hamlet.
'lhe play tells the tale of King Richard His character --a volatile combination of
[1's corruption of it power derived from arrogance and sensitivity, self-
divine right and his demise in the face of immrmncc and sump“), -_ demands of
Bolingbroke‘s popularly supported the actor in broad emotional range and it
demands for justice. Aside from the faculty for rapid psychological
obvious historical analogies -- turnabout. '
comparative parallels with the likes of Bi“ Leone met-,5[hcchunmmesonqm
Hitler. Nixon. and even Shilhpur Richard’s psychological complexity,
"ilkiiiiilr " iiic i4!“ century Pit“ “Weill-‘5 occasionally surpassing those challenges
20th century tensions independent of at the extreme ends of the emotional
changing fortunes in the political arena. spectrum, Hi5 selﬁpity wuxcs ludicrous
in “"3 “Polling sccne- Jim” 0i 01‘1"“: 'as he contemplates his victimugc at the
“URN”. i-“m'u‘icriSirl‘ggi95"sm°ki"g.5 hands of Bolinghrokc. He offers to
adviser to deliver an impartial opinion submit. to give up his jewels lor prayer
concerning the fate of his son. beads, his guy apparel for a pattper's
liolingbrokc, only to plead us a father for- gown and his kingdom for n grttvc,
a lesser sentence, King Richard hunishcs “A little littlc gruvc' an obscure grave
Bolingbroke despite his father‘s pleas, Or 1‘” be buried in the king‘s highway,
(iauntdics soon after, and Richard seizes Some way of common trudc, wlterc
the inheritance which rightly belongs to subject's i'cct
liolingbroke. The Duke onork,uncleto May hourly trample on their
holh Richard and liolinghroke, is then sovereign‘s feet
caught in an eddy of conflicting sovcreign's head:
dcimtnds--his obligation to his king For on my heart they tread now whilst
counters his conscience, which demands 1 live:
the restoration of Bolingbroke's unjustly And buried once, why not upon my
scivcd inheritance, and ties of kinship head?"
agitate the troubled wntcrs still further. A mercurial character, this is the some

a

 

 

THE GREAT ESCAPE
(/Vot (glut quzot/ist Uzi/1 to 

3 Days & 2 Nights At The Luxurious
LE SIIERBOURG HOTEL

N." m i

. ounr ((‘O‘l ’ ml] All,“ (Ir ‘

i If [It  4 L‘»;\tmut u. in; a. t ‘

,u’ .7HLL’K , i l\ [2' I) ‘

‘iﬁitvinmiiug {Pour} ‘. .. .1. on r r: L CCU/hillqu I 1
“~' .- ‘1 Jv’

  
  
    

 

‘ 4'“ 40-wa i

A, a “'5‘”.-
“ :;'iittr:l1uii

billion i. out 
a, .. .“t’

  
  

1 (its/ii mt:

r, are
4‘ 'Lius Um: ' ‘
[/11 $0511; ;\ttit£

:;:L"»llﬁrk:‘é" \ju'tlftl.

O - \ — a; J _
3mm“

. \ . - u . It) I
Ilns Leaves (‘ylrclc l‘rillay, A\|Dl'll 37 at ~ I M

, . , ,
L *nvcs Montreal Sunday. April 29 at L. I M

  

 

i'il‘ickets .3 Sale Wetl.. Murcia all
n the 611‘. Lobby
Mi} tli‘r'ogbtt‘c. bio “on”! “estimate:

Entrants”

For More Information.

Q‘uii Whiz-1‘33!) or 3172-41168

Sponsored by SA

 

'man who, upon hearing of Gaunt's failing
health, not long ago had exclaimed with
brash insensitivity,

“Now put it, God, in the physician‘s
mind

To help him to his grave immediatelyi.

Pray God we may make haste, and
come too late."

When Richard finally falls, he is a
martyr more to his own self-centered
imagination than to his cousin's
ambition. While Bolingbrokc wishes only
the return of his inheritance, Richard
allows himself to be carried away on a
current of self-pity. His previously
unshaken confidence in divine right
weakens as he becomes aware that his
abuses of that right have pitted popular
support against him and behind
liolingbroke. When he gives up his crown
and throne-loses his divine right -- his
arrogance gives way to tenderness and it

Like to write but news
bores you?
It bores me, too.

GiVe ASPECTS a try.
Call Brian at
457-2190

E Tole of Emotional Conflict

philosophical nature in a manner that
antietpates Lear.

While Bill Leone‘s portrayal of
Richard is rich in its multi-faceted
complexity, Stephen Albrezzi plays a
slightly less dynamic Bolingbroke and
Henry W. Nonetheless, the simple
dignity with which he takes the throne is
most memorably regal. The voice of EB.
Rabblet has a distinctively commanding
timbre. His presence is captivating, and
his dying denunciation of the king is the
most eloquent monologue of the drama.

As the Duke of York, Jordon Lubin
excelled, and .lulie Jane Snyder
developed the 'peronality ofthe Dutclless
of York with a fullness that belied the
relative brevity of her apperances.

As a historical docu-drama, as a
psychological study, and as a tension-
riddled account of relationships,
“Richard H“ is it piece worthy of the
intense concentration it demands.

 

 

i on“ Campus Adviser
Positions

For Academic Year

1979 -
Applications are available in the
Off Campus Housing Office CC "0.
Deadline for applications is

5 pm Friday, March 23.
Four Advisor Positions are available

 

 

1980

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



MARCH 13, 1979

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE SEVE.

  

