    

 

 

 
     
   
  
   

PAGE 2a

APRIL 27, 1979

 

 

 

 

"HE is RISEN iNDEt—zot ALLELUtAt -
Protestant worship

7 Sunday Morning
‘ Chapel House
4 4. 4. q .f 

The Lutheran Campus Ministry
The Rev’d Christopher ‘Hoyer, Campus Pastor
Chapel House: 489-8573 Home: 489-5642

“APRIL 2703
4 PM

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
  

 

OPENM/é Aer/trans {Rfflt DRItD‘
DENNY n t k E W55

may RM
A 5W" ‘3' going 5’0} WM 'I “Iowa?

CD Potts

9| m sterility sascraes
SMNIDAV a Lampoon Radio Hour
Blast From The Past - oldies - 1 1:00 pm
M©N®Ay a Front Row Center -11:00 pm
Renaissance recorded live in 'concert
And tonight at 1 1:00 pm

live music from our studios
featuring the Cappuglnos.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
   
 
  

 

      
 

 

 

    
 

 

 
            

 

The First
Annual Albany State

SUMMER

SPECTACULAR
.iune 2i.

 

Woodbury Country Club
Syosset, Long Island

“True. we don't always win. But we‘ve
begun to win."That‘s what John Ziegler.
Albany projects coordirtator of tire New
York Public Interest Research Group.
inc.. says of ltis organi/ation.

Wendell Heddon

NYPIRG is described in its publicity
pamphlet as a “not—for-profit
nonpartisan research arid advocacy
organi/ation. established. directed arid
sttpported by New York State college arid
university students."

They ltave 22 offices in eight cities
including Albany. llinghamton. Long
Islartd. New York City. and Syracuse. lrt
Albarty. tltcre is art office at Columbia
Place. ittadditioti to [lie University office.

Students at [4 colleges irt tlte state
errtploy a team of I00 full—tirtte lawyers.
scientists. lobbyists. and rcscarclters who
work representing their interests in

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

environmental preservation. goterri—
mental accountability. arid cortsttttter
protection. Eight paid full-time staff
workers arid 80 stttdcnt volunteers work
itt the Albany area.

Donald Ross. who with Ralph Nader.
originally conceived the idea of forming
statewide citiIen action groups. itt their
book. .rlr‘lion For A Change. helped form
NYl’lR(i irt I973 and is currently the
director. SUNYA became-a full-fledged
funding member iti I975.

Ross clairtts that since l974. the first
year NYPIRG advanced a legislative
program. “more than a dozen bills.
researched. drafted or principally lobbied
by NYPIRG ltave become law.

This year. NYPIRG considers 50 bills

to be the core oftheirlegislative progrant.
Support of the “Truth in Testing"
legislation "one of our top priorities this
year.“ according to Ziegler. The bill is
supposedly designed to make producers
of standardiled tests. such as the
Educational Testing Service. ntorc
accountable to test-takers.
Ziegler feels that NYPlRG cart give
a matter visibility through media
publicity or by takirtg it toeourt. “Evert if
we don‘t wirt. it becorttes art issue.“ he
says.

“We are respected and we are
effective.“ says larry Baer. chairperson
of the local NYPIRO board attd fornter

'V

o. .. w:- '

 

NVPIBG Takes V
Him On Issues

, ﬂ‘ .
i I , l i' I n' ' . I . t
i\\ I “it. has hurt tillitllt‘il for not paying attention to campus ptolill'tns. ltlll in.J

“"ll'llllll IHll‘v art- itri runner to the criticism. tl’hoto: Kart (liatil l

NYPIRG lobbyist. He 'says NYPIRG
doesn't ltave money to “wine arid dine
people“ but is a “credible sottrce that the
legislators cart rely on."

“As far as success or failure. Iobhtttiy
very often takes many years.“ lte says.
“Working itt the legislature is not a simple
task.“ Baer says it may take live )cat‘s tui
get a bill passed and. follotting t’eaetitmt
by various interest groups. it may hau- ltll
be revised.

ln lobbying for or against legislation.
according to llaer. industry lights \\|ll|
money and NYPIRG fights \\|llI
information. “Facts don‘t
determine a situation.“ he says. “We are
greatly outnumbered. When we adtoeatt-
change. they advocate the statth qno \ei_\
often and it's easier to maintain the
status quo.“

Baer claims to ltave also derived lttitlt\

 

“personal gains“ front being a NYPIRt. ‘

member and lobbyist. He says he became
ati expert on the issue he researched and
lobbied for.
ittclttdc increased confidence and
developed speaking and writing skills.

Baer adds that a person working its a
lobbyist intern. besides earning ttctltlcllilc
credit. may make contacts ttselul lttl
future employment. “Working lttl
NYPIRG cart be tinteconsuniing lint
brings many unique experiences." llitt'l
says. For instance. at age lit. ltc testiﬁed
at a legislative hearing.

Amy Adclrttart. NYPlRG eorttrntitiica

tiorts coodittator. says NY Pl RG lttts her-n .

critici/ed for not paying enottglt lelL'lllltIll
to campus problcnts. She contends llll‘~ l‘v
not trite and cites the paper recyclirtg bins
placed in all residence quads as an
example of something doric exclusively
for the University.

“NYPIRG‘s educatiortal qtittliltt‘s
rcallyarc not stressed cnougli.“Adclman
says. “Students workingat NYPlRtl cart
pursue academic interests while working
on projects related to tlteir field. “lhe
Albany students ltavc an advantage
they're at tltc capital. 'l‘hey cart he
lobbying while they're still at school."

Ziegler poirtted ottt that If) students.
irteludirtg two from SUNYA. arc
lobbying at the legislatttre this selttestet.
He says tltere are also four media interns.
two frottt SUNYA.

tunu'nut'r/ on oil

 
   

 

.t......r.t.....r....

r.-r...-.-.-.uuo-uau-......«t...vvyr....

ill\\ll_\s‘

Otltcr benefits for him,

i
l
l
l

 

 

    

APRIL 27, 1979

 

 

 

 

 

 

' PAGE 33

 

 

 

What‘s so special about a Dari
Fogelberg solo gig before a capacity
crowd at'the Palace theatre? Well. this
reviewer. along with a couple thousand
other listeners was treated to the answer
as Mr. Fogclberg pttt irt a good night‘s
work last Friday. A fine tititc was had by
the sell out audience as tltcy put irt their
sltarc tooy helping Dart out tltrotiglt the
chorus of the encore. “There‘s a Place iii
the World fora Gambler“.

Hy Stadlen

Casually clad iti hlayer artd bluejcans.
l‘ogclbcr'g begatt the concert with the title
track front his Nt'l/lt‘l'ltlIH/A album: a
traditional opcrter for ltint. The music. at
first. sounded somewhat empty. There
was neitltcr art orcltestra. ttor his old
back-up band Fool's Gold behind liiiti.
But the audience was soort to reali/e that
Fogelber‘g doesn't need any back—up to
make good music.

A good number of songs were played
from each of Fogclberg‘s five albums plus
a previcwof two tunes from an album still
iii the ntaking. Included irt his rcpetoit‘c
were instrumentals. durirtg which lie
revealed his deftrtess on the piano and
guitar. Pythagoras would have loved the
way Fogelberg was using his delicate
harmonies irt “Full Moon Mansion". In
a bossa nova takett from the film “Black

 

It's been said before. by people far
better than mayself. htit it bears
repeating: Nobody Asked MC. But
THE STEPS IN tlte Lecture Center
would trip up cvert Barisltttikov. They're
too Close togctlter. yet too far apart.

Rich Mermelstein

TllE RACQUETBAIJ. COURT
shortage has been lessened moderately
since court time was cttt front one ltourto
45 minutes. Those who complained alottd
managed to create the hope that an
eye will be kept on the sitttatiort by
the gym staff. Perhaps it‘s getting time for
a new fieldltottse proposal.

THE (iRAl'Elilll. HEAD and
SUNYA sitttply were not meant to be
united. lint the fault really is not
Concert Board ‘s tltey‘ve tried valiantly

 

to brirtg (larcia & Co. to the area. and
have been screwed time and again.
CONSIDERING 'l'llli SIZE of otir

 

 

 

Fogelbegi‘ah's

e Stage-iii

  

l)ttn l-ogelherg's current tottr f'atttres no other performers. a format that constricts

the variety of stings he may play. (Photo: Scott Arentmt)

Orpheus" l-'ogc|bcrg broke intoa modern
stvittg and quoted a few bars frottt the
Rogers arid Hammerstein classic “My
l‘avorite Things". a gimmick that always
gets a reaction front his audience.
Although a talented instrtrmerttalist..
Dari l‘ogelberg‘s strongest asset is his
voice. He has one of the ntost dynamic
and powerfttl falsettos in the business

school. under l0.l)(l0 students. and our
refusal to hand otrr lucrative athletic
scholarships. ottr learns ltave been
nothing short of sensational this year.
Coaches Ford and Sauers. in addition to
the entire sports staff desch' a lot of
respect.

SOME (iRl-iA'l' BUYS on carttptts
include a buttered bagel in the Rat. a
strawberry l)atinon iii the Food (‘o—op.a
game of bowling. or a new release iii the
Record Co-op.

SOME SURE RIP—()FFS on campus
iticlttde the cap aitd outfits.
tampons (you can look it up! It has
sotttetliirig to do with the any-port—in-a—
storm theory). arid Fogclbet‘g tickets.

(lRAN’I Iii). ’l'l‘li‘I (‘()Mi’ll'|'i"R
CEN'l'ER has toelose tip sometimes. but
why can‘t the keyptirieh be relocated so
that it cart be used evert wlieritlie contpttler
is ttot open for busirtess'l'lilie typing of the
cards could be done on weekends if the
keypuncli was available. and the fight to

gown

  

A student ready to battle the most annoying steps on campus —- neither too close
together. nor too far apart. the steps always win. (Photo: Karl (hart) ,

today. Add to that his ctttc irtiage arid you
come up with the magic that Dan
Fogelberg has bttilt his success on.

Mr. Fogclhcrg's stage presetth was
slightly different from his previous
tours. He has neither the electricity of a
P'ter (ittbriel nor the composure of a
Kenny Rankin. He carries his act
sorttcwltere between tlte two extremes.

get to it would be reduced.

ONE ()l-' 'I fill highlights of last year
was the festival durirtg opening day
ceremonies for the lotrritains. This year's
could he even better with nicer weather.

PERSONALLY. I'm sick of Chris
Rush. There were far better comics at the
Niglil at the Improvisation at scltool two
years ago. Why don't we get one oftltctti
for Maylest. ittstcad ol a gtiy we‘ve ltad
twice before. (iet Barry Diamond. ()r
llob Shaw. ()r Iioh Wall.

WllY ARliN‘l 'l llliRiZ more
celebrities on campus? We could really
rise some personalities. whether tliey‘re
great singers. government saps. friendly
lcttt'ltcts. loonyadministrator's oreontics.
There aren‘t too many household names
Iierc.

|l‘(l HAS l’ll'l‘ '|'()(il{'flrllER one of
the best lint -ttpsoflilnisdtu'ing these past
ttto semesters that I‘ve seen at arty scltool.

I fill Ill-IS'I PLACE iii the United
States to htty a cut-out isat Just A Song.
the worst place to buy a ill-Fl isalso in
Albany. I can't remember the store's
ttatttc tliottgli.

'l‘lll". Pil.()'l' PROGRAM to allow
meal card holders to btty diritter at the
Rat was a dreadful experience fo those
tilleantpus stttdctits whoare forced meat
at the Rat live ntintttes.hefore evening
classes.

SPEAKING ()i- ‘I'lll-I RA'I’. their
fro/cit yogurt and soft ice cream is
superb. You can never tell; they stteren
Mussolini liad sortie wonderful traits.

()Nl-I ()l" 'I fill fittest grotips on
campus. the ones most likely to letrd
SUNYA toward being a pride-evoking
Word. is. yott‘ll never guess. the Pep
lland.

HERE‘S A POST-CHRISTMAS gift
idea: wouldn't it be rather nice ifeveryone
of us who has ever tltattked litttch or

(truck or any of the other bus drivers

we‘ve eotne to know gave them it httck ill
the end of your bus-riding cttreer'!

.Iived with five different people who have

On Friday night he was more open with
the atidicnce than lie has been in the past.
At no poirtt tltough. did he really achieve
the excitement that he used to when he
tottrcd with Fool‘s Gold.

Fogelberg‘s career is going well at this
point. but he better start varying his act
sotttewltat if he is to continue. The Palace
performance wasa Irttost a carbon copy of
his past few tours. Since his Twin Sum of
Milli-rent ll/UI/lt'l'x album with Titn
Weisberg. he has been drawing larger
crowds than ever. Because of the high
percctttage of newcomers to his concerts
lie can still get away with his old routine.
This certainly won't last long.

Wltile lr‘ogelberg ltattdled the show
quite contpetetttly on his own. one still
has to consider how it might have gone-
ltad Fool‘s Gold been present: Rockers
like uLove Gone By" ltavc highlighted his
performances iii the past. Friday night's
concert was a bit more on the mellow
side.

ls Dan headed in a new
direction? Or is this simply a brief
departure front his previous style? Can he
keep on selling out concert halls all by
hintselt‘.’ For the ttnrwer to these and
other questions. sit tigltt and when the
next I’ogclberg album arid tottr happens.
we'll find out exactly what he‘s got in
rttitid.

Did anyone f-lslt For His Opinion?

 

llopefnlly. the weather will be nice forthe
opening day ceremonies.

’I’lili RliGlS'l'RA'l'lON I’ROCESSat
the community service sign-tip stand is
amongst the most poorlyvrutt events
arottrtd. The pttsliitig. the lack of
conintutticatioii. arid the overall layout
force a lot of students away.

‘I’llI-Z (‘AMPUS CENTER ELEVA-
TORS were designed by the sttte fellow
who makes up the analogies on the
Regents scholarship exam. ‘

"l'llli ONLY TEACHERS and
adtttinislrators iri favor of tire ill-
conceived tenure process are those who
ltave tenure 'I‘cttehers are. theoretically.
people whose forte is implanting
knowledge attd ideas irt others. The
ptihlislt-or-perislt tenure rules have
underscored this belief.

IN THE PAST THREE YEARS l'Vc

one

 

 

 

 

continued on (M
v——..._

 

 

     

  

 

 

 

 

   
 
  
   
  
    
  
   
  
  
       
    
    
        
  
 

    
   
    
   
  
   
   
    
   
  
   
 

 

    
   
  

E,

z“ - A. -

e - - 9......

