M.—.__—....  ....y-r~

l

 

k Page 40

. . L. 

A-—-——

Page 50

Aspects *3-  ‘= " ‘Fedfu‘re'

of financial collapse. Eb decided to avoid the consciousness as the two fought for their There‘s no such thing as good music, fine pathetically. espeCIaIiy acid and whippets produced
, abyss. take a Greyhound to Albany and ﬁnd right to occupy the seat, Ebaddressedlhe 01d wine. art - that in this age of holograms and “Too didactic". said Flo without Opening halluc'mmns 0‘ ﬂashing color Patterns. syn-
out exactly what it was.‘ man again. 3-D projections, nothing can possibly be real. her eyes. chronized with the music. with closed eyes.

as... .

 

 

. The StudentNoteboo

 

   

 

Fall. Leaves turn colors and make their
yearly descent to the ground. Winds pick up
as they chill the air. Fred forms on windows in
the morning and sweaters are resurrected
from their summer—long slumber.

To some. It is a beginning; to others an end.
As words such as professors. papers. exams
and textbooks return to our vocabulary. we
renew some friendships and loose others to
graduation. The limbo state known as college
encompasses us. our last stop before the “real
world". Will we retain the values of our youth
as we grow older? Will we remain simple
through life's complexities and qrnicisms?

in the last fall of the 1960‘s we are children.
The times they are a changin‘. wails Dylan.
Woodstock. man. Neil Armstrong and giant
leaps for mankind. The Mess are amazin'.

As we dose the 19‘7th we are no longer
children. There isn‘t a Viet Nam was but there
is a chance some people will have to decide
between food and heating oil this winter. We
look to saviors to solve our woes. be they from
Rome or Massachuesetts. Old dreams fade.
No town allows Woodstock ll. Skylab takes a
giant leap backwards and scares all mankind.
The Mets are for sale and the Yankees are
watching the World Series on television.

Fall also symbolizes the end of another
season for the summer game. baseball.
Baseball: A game to some. a religion to
\others. inside the stadium, all of the problems
Mbesetting the world are unimportant. Present.

Eb had been obsessed with the meaning of
life for as long as he could remember and one
day, as New York City teetered on the verge

Convincing Flo to go with him was no small
task for she was fairly content with Hobbes'
definition of life. which. as he said in
Leviathan. was “brutish and short."

“Life is brutish and short. 'tis true". espous-
ed Eb. “but so is Mickey Rooney." and with
that. Flo deserted all previous plans of going to
the Waverly to see Mammy with Al Jolson.
“Who wants to see an old movie about
some bozo with an Oedipal complex.
anyway?" mused Flo to herself. By 6:45 pm.
Flo sat on a Greyhound bus abreast of Eb.
eating red licorice. and staying off overtures
from one of the most decrepit looking men she
had ever seen. The old man sat in the seat
behind Flo. He was distinguished in a
weathered son of way. Years of hiding inside
a bottle concealed a face and character that
was not without some semblance of what we

 

 

call "class".

“i'd love to run barefoot through your hair."
he crooned to Ho evenly, Flo contemplated
the ramifications of a 140 lb man running

The old man probably would've remained
silent for a good pan of the trup had not Eb
turned around. his head and voice shaking
from the bumpy nde thorugh Paramus.
“What is the meaning of life?" posed Eb in
earnest.

The old man looked out the window. Trees
whisked by. rudely interrupted by strings of
rowhouses where. perhaps. hundreds of sor-
did lives were concerned. nurtured, and
tailored to fit somebody's idea of respectable
adulthood. The old man wondered if his life
had been so conceived and so dedicated.
“Why do you ask me""

Eb was reluctant to continue. A young
woman. about Flo's age. had been listening
and pounced ontth Opportunity to impart her

reclining seats.

"Jesus lanes you'"

"Ha!" snorted Flo wuh measured dngUSi.
“He doesn't ime you. it's only physical." She
then closed her eyes to sleep. At that potnt. a

 
 
   

 

 

~ Eb Ahé Flo:

Grandstand.
' ‘I'he

Ihgmas
Earl

Of The Yankees

days stars trod upon the same turf as latter
legends. Nuryev cannot match the ballet of
double play. Nor can a Manhattan skyscraper
match the sheer majesty of a ball soraing into
the bleachers.

Roger Kahn wrote that once you enter
baseball's mythical world of fandom. you are
again a nine year old child.

1976. Twenty freshman children assemble
to watch the America League championship
game on the 15th floor of Eastman Tower.
The old black and white TV. set receives
a fuzzy signal, but everyone can recognize the
pinstripes of the home team. The Yankees. To
many, this team represented the passion of
their earliest days; a passion which was return-
ed with frustration and defeat. but always led
by the ancient credo "Wait till next year".

A Yankee lead is vanquished by a George
Brett home run and the fans begin to wonder if
victory will ever be tasted. Chris Chambliss
steps up in the ninth and sends one soaring in-

Vicious trading off of male and female
voices and the rhetoric oi whys and
wherefores filtered indifferently through Eb's

"i asked you the meaning of life because
you are old and wise to the ways of the world."

The bus stopped and the smellofdiesel fuel
permeated the air causing an annoying
thickness in the old man's nusc.

“Don't you think that's a generalization?"
the old man queried. “Remember what Oliver
Wendell Holmes said."
> The only thing Eb could think of that Oliver
Wendell Holmes might'vc said was. "order in
the court." After all. to say that Holmes. a
prominent figure of American jurisprudence.
ever uttered such a phrase would hardly be
presumptuous. just as it would not be
presumptuous to assume that Holmes said.
“please pass the butter" at the dinner table or
“Gee. my undergarments are sticky". on .i
hot summer night.

“What did Oliver Wendell Holmes say?"
Eb finally asked.

“He said ‘no generalization is worth a
damn. including this one'." The old man
laughed. He wiped his mouth With a

wisdom of the ancients and l'm supposed to
have it all ﬁgured out. Well, let me tell you.
young man. l'm just a wtlhercd old drunk. My
bones ache. my back aches. i wake up in the
morning with phlegm in my toothlessmouthl

don’t have enough money for food. let alone a '

pair of glasses that might allow me to see lhlS
desolate world. Nobody wants me, How the
hell would i know anything?"

Eb whispered to Flo that the old man must
be very shallow. Eb was still far from satisfied
Everyone to whom he'd asked the munntng ot
life. assumed he was being cynical and threw
things at him. Someone suggested that he be
garroted. Eb put his head in the crook of his,
shoulder and was about in sloop when llb.‘
noticed so:

 

4 im this floor oi the bus It

 

 

 

 
 
   

 

reading laii':',i. in-
be an undo
State. he d:
"Angst' A Pro
He V "'

i')3i'iil.’: Tin: must
anon or Alliztn‘,
“rd ll up and toad

 

 

 

 
   
   
  
  

u t‘.":.'.'ii .~.! inc part about

   
   
 
    

to the stands and the rejoicing begins. only to
be silenced by a big red machine in the fall
classic.

Didn't anybody realize the following year
that those folks crowded around the bar at the
Rat watching the championship game were
nine years too young to drink? The Yankees
enter the last inning of the last game behind by
a run. The fans, finding instant friendships
through their common allegiance, are un-
concerned about mldterms and anything that
doesn't have to do with this ballgame. A box
of popcorn is passed around to all Yankee
fans. most of whom are so nervous that it is
impossible to garner even one kernel with their
trembling hands. The Yankess pull it out in
magnificent style and go on to Reggie Reggie
Reggie the Dodgers for the world's champion-
ship.

We are on top and we love it. The next
year. there is more brilliance in the Bronx. The
miracle season. Yankees beat the Red Sox in

am struck by the seeming fact that there is no
Right. no Wrong. no God. no gods, no Left.
no Right. no Truth. no Beauty. no Justice,

it never was. We only strive for tributes etched
in gold on a stone somewhere v ah. Mortality!
This is not a manifesto. it is not written in
anger. this is not a panacea. it is written in

Lo_Qate_Ams_Lica_in

Reverse

.Lé sud-(jet; 3&1}; "pig—9°“; the greatest game

ever played, Yaz pops it up. Nettles under it...‘
the mountain is conquered and the rest is
easy. Oh. life is good now and we are spoiled.
Victory is now expected. no longer the sur~
prise it once was. We have lost our innocence

As quickly as it began. the joy ride ends.
There is no World Series at Yankee Stadium
this fall. The confrontations take place in such
distant lands as Baltimore and Pittsburgh,

And that wonderful team which linked o...
childhoods to college every fall is dismantling
Sparky and Mickey are in Texas, Roy and
Bucky probably have seen their last days In
pinstripes and Catfish will spend his suman 5
in North Carolina now.

Though it is certain that the passion mil
begin anew in the fabled “next year". it will
never be quite the same again. The nine your
olds have seen the falllbllity of the men lliuy
build myths around. They have seen that
these men are just that - men. with flesh as
fragile as yours and mine.

You see. in the fantasy world of baseball
landom. the leader and soul of your team isn't
supposed to suddenly die. it sobers you into
thinking how unimportant the hits. runs and
errors really are. You are thrust into the real
world when you expect it the least.

And when the ﬂames of that airplane which
never reached a runway in Ohio killed Thur
man Munson this summer. a part of the child

in us died also. , I -
Bob 9 Brian

  
  
  
 

Existential Errands

anxiety. it should not be classified, Leave that
to the classifiers..."
"i feel sorry for this guy", mumbled Eb sym-
|

The bus pulled into the Greyhound station
in Albany. Eb looked out. “Albany must be a
depressing place." he said.

“Let's go home." -

Stole; Oste 

Registration
Retaliation

You are trembling; sweat pours from your
hand and collecLs in an inky puddle on the
drop-add card. With a surge of disgust. you
thrust the card back into the blank red—eyed
waste of a face that sees to be falling on you
from somewhere beyond the blessed barrier of
class cards.

You are trying to make this face understand

a student. Perhaps a small calibre bullet to the
base of his brain Will stir him.

A quick glance at the clock tells you that in
exactly fifteen minutes you will be released
from this comic strip heaven.You make a
mental note to never again let yourself be talk-
ed into sitting behind a desk at registration.

You study the student. who by now has
retreated into a small. wedge-shaped crevice
between two desks. He avoids your state. as if
you do not know that he is now deciding how
to lie his way around you.

As if he could?

You watch him casually step out of the
gym. ostensrbly on his way to track down five
different professors (the only people you find
more intolerable than students are profossors)

stoned minutes You cannot believe that lw
would think you so stupid as to be unaware of
this You cannot believe that he will think he
can fool you with his bottomless bullshit.
You decide that he just doesn't think about

that such status is worse than being reduced to
u iiiiiL‘ digit number.

Now you spy him swuggmiug in your direc-

tion from across'the gym floor. staring you
down with mockingly cool eyes. His handl
clutches class cards and a kleenex.

You face a decision. Should you refuse in
accept the obviously forged signatures, puttzug
the grinning idiot through the hell he deserve: '3
Or should you shrug it off on this Friday after 
noon, sparing yourself the needless aggravu 

' l
hand. you realize that he will probably be ablv l
to bullshit his way out of this gym regardless of l
what you do. Someone higher up in tlwl
machine will be sympathetic to his lyruuli
tongue and compelling eyes. You decide rim .
he will be received by the system better than l
you. i

Yet you burn inwardly. ashamed at yum E
submissiveness. Why make his life any ennui '
when he treats you like so much flotsam? Yr in l
decide that you will not be bowled oyur lli'v l
time. that you put him to the trouble of guttiil 
over your head for exit. Chalk one up for y m 

Except that. when he hands llit' in g - ‘
SigniilUNS to you you watch youtsvll win:
them. filo tlu‘m. and hand the bl’dl’iiliig ji'il :-
precious class cards.

 
 

  

 

nuisance by All involvml anlilucs ti: iu'l  W- l
plain. ‘

Bumusv you how u t‘liiilllilliil lilltllilt’i l: l
ngu. l

Because in a strange way you nit iiiili. will '

lilnmc lll‘h elm-within
And you do ll ln-t‘tum' yuii linw iiil 'ii’ i “1'
than in! rlncs

 

 

 

[Dead on The Fre'ewgy

Fear and loathing in Lake George? Driving
30 mph in an olive green ’71 Oldsmobile that
Mark dubbed the “Green Whale" in keeping
with the Hunter Thompson tradition - Joe. the
owner. though. stubbornly insists on using the
car's baptismal name. “Tennessee Jed" . go-
ing to see The Dead at the Glen Falls Civic

t r

Debbie Gail

The fear was on the part of sweating
shopkeepers who paced the sidewalks. wat-
ching their wares. as drug»crazed dead-head
hippies crowded their small town.

Brian. 19. was wearing his "Disco Sucks"
jersey. Mark's hard lenses replaced thick.
horn-rimmed cats-eye glasses. He’d combed
his hair. Although his mustache was growing
in and his grub of a beard obvious. the fu-
manchu style was long since gone. i was wear-

“Aeeordlns to

 

 

 

Kasey,” Brian
sud, “Add ls
best with a large
crowd listening
to good music
What better
place than at a
Dead concert,
startling ln

 

the clash row?”

#
ing my baggy white painters pants. and red
geraniums barretted in my hair on the left side.

parking lot to the Civic Center. we felt
“straight” in comparison to the Dead Heads
milling around; overalls with the American flag
as fabric. shredded jeans. large suede hats
pulled forward on brows. armfuls of beer. long
hairs loudly yelling. as opposed to us, with
trimmed hair. combed.

No frisks or pocketbook checks. Through
the doors of the Civic Center. Mark's worn bell
bottom jeans concealed a Whippet cannlster
stuffed in his sock. it slipped from the outer
side to in between his legs, causing walking
difficulties. He held his head high. leaning
backward slightly. gazing from side to side.
seeing just above our planes of vision. Walking
on his toes bobbing along. he felt in-
conspicuous.

 

Joe felt relief. Security missed at least one
over-sized bag. a vinyl Pierre Cardin
"suitcase" carried on my left shoulder. smuggl—
ing in a carton of grapefruit juice. A previously
added pint of Smirnoff added potency.

was scored. “This has to be good acid," he
said to Mark. “it's professionally made." Each
of the four hits came on a small perforated
__,_...

 

a

l'l'he SkyVlasYello

 

square. consisting of thick bluish lines on a
one and a half inch by a quarter inch strip of
paper.

“The guy who sold it to me said. 'Happy
trips man'". Mark said. while distributing the
Vitamin A. Joe and I split one hit, taking
another half hit each an hour later. Keeping it
on the tip of my tongue, i felt it still dissolving
when the lights went out.

Joe hesitated. holding the hit In his hands
for a while. “is it really acid? if it is. will it freak
me out? After all, we bought It from a
stranger." Pictures of his house full of fucked—
up people and no sense of order, and past
memories of a mesc trip scared him into
hesitation. As per usual he remembered his
head spiralling into one of the most paranoid
schizophrenic states known to the drug user.-
mescallne. little. tiny. purple pills. $2 a hit.
Tripping. gazing out the window. he saw an
inanimate mass of purple and red dots coming
in from black outside..."somelhlng like the
people on Star Trek. right before they
materialize.”

Looking into darkness when very stoned.

Joe can still see those red and purple dots.
though they have long since lost their
threatening quality. “Well. here goes," he
thought. as he took the acid. spitting it out
before it dissolved completely.

The concert started. The Whippet cannlster
was passed around. a joint smoked. Brian
traded with a shaggy looking girl and a thick

previously smuggled in cannlster, losing all
touch with reality for a short period of time.
The music became increasingly loud, minute
details in sound became audible. A pleasant
partlcapatory feeling ensued.

him in a light stream from the bulbs' alternating
colors. Bouncing on the balls of my feet while
standing on the chair. occasionally losing

.

balance and falling backward. meshing lights
with the music. i felt myself throbbing.

"Mark. do you feel anything?". Brian ask-
ed. Mark shook his head no. Brian thought
Mark had a higher tolerance to acid. Mark
wasn't finding the ceiling as fascinating as
Brian.

Brian stood open mouthed. staring. en—
thralled with Jerry Garcia's super fast picking
during “Eyes of The World". l was still bounc-
ing. jumping up as Bob Weir leapi in mid air
during “Around and Around". Lights. music.
whippets.... satiation. intensity. Great
amounts of thirst. Turning to Brian with hands
cupped. i took a drink. sighed. and passed
him this drink. Raising cupped hands to his
lips. he drank. and passed it back. Smiling. i
passed the “cosmic drink" to Joe. whose free-
ly flowing thoughts had just termed the music
“intellectual rock".

No encore. Lighters and matches ﬂickered
out as the house lights brightened; colors clap-
ping. hands moving fast together. lights dimm-
ing. crou-xi roaring. Falsel They brighten again
reaching lull Intensity. remaining on.

“Boooo!” Finally people begin to leave, to sit.
to rest. We were conslous of unbearable thirst.
The grapefruit juice carton lay punctured.
filthied by stamping feet. Most of its contents
had spilt, Leftover liquid. warm. was unsatis-
lying.

Outside, streetllghts glowed prettily. as
detachment grew among us. We walked to the
Golden Arches. Sensory overload inside.

in here." Joe said.

Waxy paper cups of MacDonaldland large
cokes were quickly drained. 1 went up to the
smiling face wearing repulsive green at the
lime formica counter. and asked for a refill of

burger. With great difficulty and lacking coor-
dination. he ate one. He kept envisioning

g__—-—

.bulglng, small goggled eyes coming out the
top. His other hamburger remained uneaien.

Brian made a pleasurable grimmace; a girl
with huge breasts was on line. “Where? i don’t
see any tits? Where?". i asked. and kept star-
ing at her turned back. Necks craned to see.
then lost interest. :

Taking out my verm hairbrush. i began to
brush my hair. leaning to one side. pulling the
brush harshly through the stringy thickness.
Vanity.

"Japl"

Picking up a paper cup of orange-tinged
water and thrusting it in quick motions towards
Brian. lmockly threatened, then simply let go.
Seemingly hesitant water splashed through
the air. landing on his lap spreading darkriess.
as the jeans absorbed the water on his thighs.
Streams with intermittent ice covered the
table.

"Why do you have to do things like that”,
Joe asked. disgusted. turning awak.

Nasty. grinding. whrrrrrs spun my head.’ i

felt bad. Felt bad. Sorry. Sony. Sorry. Both
Brian and l pouted, unnoticed. :
On the way out the door, Brian turned and
commented on the ice cubes. water covered,
littered table. Disarray to the extreme. "See.
now you know why people don't like acid-
crazed hippies in their establishments."
Laughter.

Tennessee's groaning was alarming Joe.
who did whippets while tripping and driving
back to the cabin in Diamond Point. The Dead
were put on the Technlcs stereo. Combina-
tions of pot. numbing coke, alcohol, but

 

Whippet Rock.

Outside,
stimulants _
as detachment
grew anions us.
We walked to
the Golden
Ardles. Sensory
overload Inside. ..

Lime green . -.

 

budget lhmugh her hair and cunly handkerchief and conuuued‘ m5 eyes that you cannot help it if it won't help you first. lion? i Geraniums growing by the side of Route 9N as   4
answered. nanowing it seems incagable of even the most primitive As you watch him stride towards you. will a Pail 0i lhe Olympia” M01913 display we”
“Fuck you... “so you‘le come tome because I have 1he anguage. an you immediately recognize it as are tom between revenge and release. On out ‘ more accessible than roses. Walking from the  

and white
synthetic
uniforms
creating visual
overdose. Shoal.

w

Symmetrical ‘whlte glowing diamonds.
rotating in time to “Row Jimmy" with familiar
red and purple dots in the spaces between
them were a part of Joe's imagery. He felt the

 

.l‘nOWIEdge and “iSdom ‘0 9‘9“! Paging” 0" lOOkC‘d li‘r ‘9 Mid ‘Mb “‘ldlls l‘lv-L'li from lemme Pal“ Ol ‘he “WM. 901 their Why? Brian and Joe. their socks heavily laden haired. black bearded guy two rows up; whlp- d
.he bus . “cap. to, .-. “my rings, .),...,.,d on me signatures. and return within t i minutes. Because you have no gcngc (.l .ntuuum with whippets. which Joe was sure clanked at pets for some raw cocaine. Numbed the gums. Lime-green PlaSllC walls. mllmrsu 9'98" an slow. melodious Dead 2:35;:l { d d l -
"Jesus is the meaning of Me“ bounced her coxer abou- .1 print of "Thy Cr," it; [found He thinks you're a bastard because he tried tnlity. You know um j... (.111 ml; ll“... 100 decibels walked quickly in, tickets held During the “Loser” jam-out. Joe experienc- white synthetic uniforms creating visual over- lBrlag. lylngh on thle fr bi e .da 2 .2: 83:1
retort like a Steeplechase across the padded. Munch Em ' ' "Au midturnud on :lx. w to cram a week's worth of lo we k ' 1 t . . » . , K ’ ' H t I S the nitrous oxide whip er msh usjng the dose_ Shock. co ore couc n t e co n5 am it .

t g r in o fliltLli invtvuy and that you mil in. Lit'itt'il .1 out, Dry-throated with greatly swea ing Pa m . ed P “It's donetomckup a“ me headstha'come {our whippets consecuuvely‘ Pusher. higher,

higher. higher...ahhhhh.....

"Don't talk to her. she hasn't come back yet
(Whippet rushl,’I Mark said. Bright red.
geometric shapes moving swiftly from right to
left through soft melting blackness. spirals of

 

 

upright. smiling. "Now.’.’ turning to Joe. “ll
understand the Dead." :-
_______...._.—

__.___.___-—-

i uobbled dorm the :2:le erosion you. You are not a person when vkw d l ' t ' " “ H l tin le‘ he rew detach-
_  V ‘ t’ rum liltii as n VlClllli of twin .  r l l m rm 2 “According to Kesay. Brian said. Actd is Brian cl 3 creep rig g . g u —
fem“ 50‘7"."3‘ to” an r“ n m "5 Will-king l“ ‘W‘S‘ed W'SPL‘CHVQ- One that sees institu» llu th‘fll‘u with t ('t '1'“ n“ in” \l  full «u l best with a large crowd listenan to good ed. Soakan up the "Pyramid energy emitted Waler- P. green and yellow. Escter “kl? were SEW?!
us} “1’ 5M4” 0111525 ’Ch’x’zu «'vil'i d"‘W-"l like Vﬁlldlii‘ “9'15 and Cm‘Cel’l5 mid right «ind wrong, You .uul you must .7. Inc: M‘le \: “I M; f. . . music What better place than at a Dead Con- by the Dead's triangular light show fixtures. "Look. She QaVe me orange Walel- w l 9’“ Images Spam-“"9 I; mlugl . my 5: 
. .H - ,) » i' ’.w .i~~ii.‘tn"‘ . .
“‘4 $45“ 1;“ “" “f a “mink 0f the system. You conclude llillltlt'tctl 51.14.,“ I j j . .,. j... l .,. Hume in the elgth row?" Some acid Joe saw his red and purple friends ﬂoating at clalmed. sliding Into a booth next to Joe. He Everything had a go . gow ng aura e
‘ ‘ ‘ " ““‘ “ “" “““‘“ l‘ ' ‘ LL" 5‘ was having a confrontation with his ham- eyes were opened. Floating back. i sat

 

 

 

 

 

Hummumu

