’ anes‘BeginTitle \

 

Claire Doubtful AfterWting Ankle

by David Osborn

A plane carrying the Albany State
basketball team to Kentucky landed
in Lexington yesterday at 5:49 pm.
after a stopover in Pittsburgh and
the most unwelcome cargo aboard
was the swollen left ankle of Rob
Clune.

The Dane guard came down hard
on his left side after leaping tothrow
a pass in the closing moments of
Albany's victory over Utica Tues-
day night and is listed as
questionable for tonight‘s Southern
Regional NCAA Division lll
semiﬁnal. The Danes face Savannah

State of Georgia possibly without one -

of their top guards; the pregame
show can be heard on WCDB 9]
FM. beginning at 8:40 p.m.; the

{If [hobabkzctnduyylﬁneups h

 
  
   
  
   
   
  

ﬂhuuythade
(19-6)

ill Bellamy 6’1”
Meklinski 5’11 ”
Cesare 6’4”
_ lo Verdejo 6’4”
arry Cavrmaugh 6’7”

Cbﬂege
(18-9)
Odell Willimnson 6’0”
ndrew Hollins 5’11”
om's James 6’5” '
erry Daily 6'5”
ymn McCremy 6’9”

ﬁnals are scheduled for9'p.m. Satur-
day. I

“He came dowa wrong and hard
on his ankle." Albany trainer Jack
Koelmel said about Clune. “We'll
keep it in ice for 48 hours and then
we'll see if there’s fever in there or
not. If that hasn‘t cleared up by that
point We'll probably try some heat
treatment and reconditioning.
exercises. l‘d say he's questionable."

Clune‘s injury may throw a kink
into Albany cottch Dick Sauers‘
plans to counter the freewheeling
Savannah Tigers with a full-court
tone .press. Clune. a soph. is a
tenacious defensive player and his
role in the proposed defensive
strategy would have been pivotal.
Saticrs said Pete Stanish would log

State
(19-9)
Levi Williams 6’2”
John Wilson 6’1”
Ron Glover 6’5”
Harold Humbard 6’6”
Joe Wallace 6’8"

(bnheerﬂege
(22-3)

Scott Griggs 6’0”

Matt Vonderbrink 5’8

Steven Curtis 6’2”

Joe Sandy 6’2”

Neil Sterba 6’5”

more playing as asmall forward con-
sequently.

Savannah enters the contest with a
19-8 record. They‘ve averaged 83.2
points per outingand 54.9 rebounds.
They look to break a lot and 6'6"
junior forward Howard Humbttrd
usually concludes the dashes with a
bucket. Currently he is scoring at a
24.0 clip and hauling down 13.5
rebounds each game. '

“Our best game is to press theln'v
and we‘ll start off with a zone press

to get a feel for them over the ﬁrst .

few minutes." Sauers said. “Maybe
then we'll switch into a man-to-man
press. but I'm not sure. They're nota
team that does much structurally
ttnd if we can get out ahead ofthem
we can slow the pace down."

Levi Williams is usually the man
to key the Savannah break. At 6'2".
he is the ﬁectest player on ttn overall
fast squad and he is averaging 20
ppg. Joe Wallace. a junior. is the
center and at 6‘8" he is tallerthan any
Albany player. Ron Globcr as the
other forward and 6‘!" John Wilson
round out the Tigers‘ startinglincup.

Savannah ﬁnished third during
the regular season in the Southern
Independent Athletic Conference.
With a 9-5 conference mark. the
Tigers headed into the post-season

conference elimination tournament
that would crown the ofﬁcial league
champ: needing the title to reach the
NCAA‘s. During the campaign.
Savannah split two games with first
place Lune College; the team which
meets Centre College in the other
semifinal tonight.

Playing with a marked improve-
ment. the Tigers battled into the ﬁnal
game of the playoff for a chance to
face Lane again. Then. in a game
much closerthnn the score indicated.
Savannah won the conference title

 

. _/

by pulling away front the Dragons
with two minutes to play and record-

    
 

Frl. March 2. 1979

Tonight

  

The Dana: wlll play Savannah Savannah State tonluht In their llrst game at the NCAA
somlllnals tournament. (Photo: Hob Leonard)

ed a 86-73 win and earned a trip to
Danvillc for the regionals.

The Southern Regional advisory
committee tapped Lane for an at-
lnrge bid and they could have an op-
portunity to get even with the Tigers
in the final tomorrow night. Lane is
lit-9 and they play a running-
oricnted game. Their coach Willie
Shaw said they look to run whenever
possible but they do show a
somewhat more balanced attack
than the Tigers.

“it depends on who we play and
how the tempo of the game is ﬂow—
ing. but I guess you could say we rttn
whenever we have the chance.“ Show
explained. “The regional seems to be
strong and I know it‘s gonna be a
challenge for us. if we play our game.
though. i think we‘ll do alright."

Morris James. a co-captain 6'5"
forward. spearheads the Dragon zit~
tack with an Ill point scoring average

ﬂashback.- 11w Long Road To roe NCAA Playoka

 

Sports Inside

ﬂutes Beat Utica
p. 15
Schwartz 0!! Sports
p. 15
bttramural Rankings
p. I4
(321ng Annual Show
. p. 14
and is probably Lane's tnost effective
threat inside. outside. and off the
buckbourds. He's a solidly built
junior so he has the muscle to battle
in the latte. Andrew Hollis at 5'l I"
does most of the bullhttndling either
from the point guard slot or leading
continued on page [J

 

 

 

 

 

by Paul Schwartz

When the Albany State basketball team begun the season over three
months ago. there was a feeling of confidence that overshadowed the
usual early seasonjitters. Possessing the talent and experience that is
essential fora successful campaign. the Duties set the NCAA playoffs
as a primary goal.

That goal has been reached. as Albany was selected to the Southern
Regional in Kentucky. ’l he i)ttnt.'s_fllti$ht:d the year with a fine [9-6
mark. but it was a season that contained highs and lows:

Nov. 29: The Danes open the season with an unimpressivc victory over
Southern Connecticut. Carmelo Vcrdejo, showing signs of things to
come. pumps in 20 points.

Dec. 29: Getting revenge front a one point loss the year before. Albany
pulverires (ieneseo til-56. In his fittest all-around performance to date.
iinrry Cavanttugb scores 1‘) points and pulls down M rebounds.
Dec. 13: (ioing against Division II power liartwick. Albany never gets
untrackcd. and loses their ﬁrst game of the season. (ti-4‘). The
Warriors' 1-3-1 [one shuts down the Dane inside attack with little
difﬁculty.

Jan. 6.7: After seven years. the Danes finally win the Capital District
’l‘ournuntent. defeating Union anti after trailing Springfield by rtittc
points at halftime. go on itt the opening round to pass the Chiefs and
gain bragging rights iii the Capital District. Vcrdcjo is selected as the
tourney MVP.
Jan. II. I]: The action shifts to the Sunshine State. With undo-63 win
oVer St. Leo. Albany scores their first victory ever in Florida. The
clouds come in the second game. though. as Albany loses a five point
halftime lead and ends up a 79-70 loser.
LII". Hi: The rematch with Hamilton. Albany is on their way to

 

Season In Review

 

 

All Albany can do is wait
to hear about the playoffs.
Late Sunday afternoon the
NCAA committee states
that Albany was not
selected for the Eastern
Regional. Instead Albany
will compete in the
Southern Regional in
DanviUe Kentucky.

 

 

defeating the Continentnls for the third straight time. The Danes led
37-27. bttt again could not hold on to a lead. All Atncricttn Cedric
()livcr scores l9 points after intermission. and Hamilton edges the
Danes in overtime. 56—53. .

Jan. 23: Hitting only seven of 20 free throws. Alhuny falls to SUNYAC
rival ()nconta 72-71. “They're in the drivers seat." says Dane conch
Dick Suners about ()neontu. i-‘or Albany. the SUNYAC situation
appears glntn.

Jun. 27: (‘uvnnnugh explodes. scoring 34 points on to of l‘) frotn the
floor. as Albany overwhelms CW. Post ‘lll~77. A spirited crowd at
University (iym cheers us the Danes try for 100 points.

Jan. 10. ll: Albany travels to tire iilmiru ’l'ourntuncnt. and in their
most impressive triumph oflhc season. shock nationally ranked Jersey
City State 7(i~75. on Ray (.‘csnt'e's jumpshot in the closing seconds.
Thus inspired. tltc Duties rout lilmirn in the championship game.
Vcrdcjo receives his second tourney MVP award of the season.
but). l6: Rolling with scvcnconsccutivc victories. the Danes meet head
on with their chief rival in the SUNYA(“s Potsdam. Vct'dcjo nets 26
points its tltc Danes dethrone the Bears 72-69. For Albany, the
SlINYAL' situation appears bright.

Feb. 20: Leading by six points with U seconds remaining, Albany
gives l’lttttsburgh ll chance to pttll even. and the Danes finally lose ht)-
SK itt overtime. Albntty now cannot receive an automatic bid to the
NCAA playoffs. The SUNYAC situation is bleak.

Feb. 22. 24: The Duties playjust well enough to heat llinghttmton and
()swcgo. All Albany cntt do is wait to hear about the playoffs.

Feb. 25: latte Sunday afternoon the NCAA committee states that
Albany was not selected for the [Eastern Regional. Instead, Albany will
compete iii the Southern Regiottul in Duttville. Kentucky. J

 

“w...” a.u... .u- . g . “

Committee OK’s Tuition Hike

 

“.m- .., numww .b..-_..
, .

 

Final Verdict Due Soon

by Richard Behar

The SUNY Board 0/ Trustees
Executive Committee has approved
a $150 per semester tuition In—
crease lor SUNY undorclassmcn.
The commllleo reached Ils decision
at a meeting Friday In New York
City.

All/rough lhe decision is no! to be
finalized until the entire Board
votes on lhe issue a! an April
meeting, Il provoked Illly sluden/s
lo walk oul ol lhe New York
meeting In prolesl.

SUNY Chancellor Cllllon H.
Wharton had mel earl/er Friday
wllh members ol llio legislature
and lhe Division 0/ Budge! (DOB) In
an allempl to gel the additional

per year.

rates.

increase $200, to $2,200.
According lo SUNY Chancellor

hike.
According

 

trill slall.

(—7716 Rise In Tuition i
And What It Will Mean

II (he Board ol Trustees decides to raIse luIlIon at their meeting
this monlh, lreshmen and sophomores will pay an addIlIonal $750

The decision would hike luIlIon lor the 74.000 Iroshmen and
sophomores in lhe SUNY system In $900, the same amounl upper-
classmcn are now paying. Prolessional school lull/ans would also
rise, and community colleges would be authorized to increase their

SUNY graduate programs in dentistry. medicine. and optometry
would go up an additional $300. In $3.300. The school 0/ law would

crease would allecl only those lamilies with incomes over $25,000
annually. He said that most sludonls would not even loel the luilion
Increase with the Increase In slate lull/on ald. Val according to lhe
Higher Education Services Corporallon, sludenls wilh lam/lies oar-
nlng bolween $11,000 and $20,000 will no! receive any increse
lrom the Tulllon Assislance Program (T.A.P.) lo cover lhc luillon

10 [he Nalional Commission on Poslsccondnry
Education. lhcre Is a 2.5 pcrcenl doc/Inc In enrol/men! [or every
$100 luillon Increase. In the Slate Unlverslly alone. lhe proposed
luilion hike could load In on enrol/men] decline 0! over 5,000
sludonls. This could In turn lead to layo/ls and a reduction 0/ howdy

$9.1 million needed to till (he
deﬁciencies In lhe Governor's
budget.

Wharlon. however. rejected
proposals made by members ol the
Assembly Ilscal slall lhal budget
changes be made In the areas 0/
enrol/men! ﬁgures and program
reductions. Wharton lell lhal such
proposals would have delrimenlal
cheats on SUN Y.

According lo Albany Sludenl
Union (ASU) coordinator Bruce
Cronin, lhe 003 was pulling
pressure on the Trustees to ap-
prove a luillon Increase. Cronin
said llrol lhe Truslecs' relusal lo
comply could have resullcd In lur-
lhcr allocallon curs lor SUN Y th/c

ClIllon Wharlon. the luilion in-

 

-RIchard Bohar

g)

- ding a luilion Increase along wllh a

the Governor-can slllI amend his
budgél. '

Cronin said that DOB Director
Howard MIlIer had In ellocl warned
Wharlon lhal II he "played Ioolsie
with the legislature. we ‘II lead you
to the wolves. "

Wharlon did nol attend Friday's
meeting 0/ (he Execullve Commll-
lee, bul sent a memo recommen-

rIse In dormllory rates and an
elimination ol the $8.50 Sludonl
Health Fee. I

continued on page live

   

     

. / ms “A
Tull/on lor underc/assmon may
walling on line to shell out more.

be going up anolhsr $750
Photo: Tony Tassarolli

 

ABANY
STUDENT
PRESS

 

Vol LXV/ No. II

 

February 6, 1.079

 

Quiet Dorm Speaks On Changes

by M. .I. Memmoll

Over 30 residenls 0/ Alumni
Duad's Pierce Hall me! wllh SUN YA
Director 0/ Residences John Welly
lasl nlghl, to voice lheir concern
over proposed dorm changes
downtown. The sludents were up-
sel over plans which could convert
Pierce, curronlly an v allernallve
living dorm/lory. Inlo‘a graduate
dorm.

Welly answered the sludenls'
questions lor over an hour and
promised lo llslcn In all lherr
suggestions. Ho mel WlI/l graduate
students In Brubachcr Hall Sunday
high! In hear their concerns also.

Beginning Ihc mooring wllh an
ouIIInc ol the proposer! changes,
Wolly Illustrated (horn by crlrnp

New Covers Victims Of Vandals

 

But Alarms Left Alone

by Mary Drion

WIlhln (lays ol lhelr Installation.
srx gloss lire alarm covers wore
smashed and lwonly-st nllochcrl
metal hnmmors were slo/on lll
Livingslnn Tower, according In
Unrvorsrly PoIIco.

Colonial Dunrl Control Coir/loll
rcprusunlnlive Llsn Nowmnrk. soul
lhnl some or the horn/hers hnvc
boon rolurnod and the gloss Is
being replaced. She does our lhInk
Illa! the boxes were broken by the
some person or people Iliol have
been pulling lolso nlorms. because
no alarms were pulled.

 
 

The now covers are purl ul n
cnnrpnlgn ngnmsl lolso nlnrms un-
rlcrlakon by Newmnrk. SUNY/l IIru
solely hond Krill Sclrnrl. .‘rnrl
Asslslnnl Dorm ol Slut/col Allnrrs
Henry Kirchner. Together IIon
have drawn up n Incl shoe! Illll/
pnslors which mobbing rlrslrrbulcrl
lhrnughntrl the Cillll/IIIS, rIcInI/Inr}
the SlllllllIS nnltrro ol lho problem.
Nowmnrk nnrl nlhors nrc golng
rlnor —ln»tlunr. lnlklng lo sludonls on
.1 personal level. In on alleran to
change nllIllrtlcs.

Schan said lhnl lhvro were 100
lnlsc alarms on the uplown SUNYA

State UnlmolIy at New York at Albany

 

. rt” W.
I Q. l;
. 3 
It: _- s
" ' » ark'ri'lw. i. ,3
a {a u Jr.
45!. t W
. . ,5. . «ad

' tin by Albany undo"! Pron Corporation

campus lnsl semoslor — double
Wllill II has been In rho pnsl. Slnlo
Ulliltl was Iho lender In .7 number 0/
III/St! nlnrms. he said wllh lnrly.
CllllIlIIIII was n close sorrund, wrlh
Ihrrlylhruo. lullowoll by Indian
wrlh lwcnly-nno null Dulch wrlh
lwnlvu. Only lhruo lnlsn alarms
were roporlud on Alum/n (lurid last
se/ncslor. sold Scharl.

The hIgh-rIscs wI/I be (he lirsl lo
receive lho alarm covors, said
Scharl. because there Is a greater
rIsk ol Injury lhere during a Ilrc
alarm cvocualion when rosldonls
have to go down many lllghls oI
stairs. Evonlually, he saId. the
covers will be Installed In all 0/ (he
uplown and downlown dorms.

Scharl Is optimistic lhol the now
covers will be olloclivo In culling
down lhe Incidence ol lolso alarms.
Ho clled the case 0! lbs Unlvorslly
ol Bridgeporl In Connecticut, where
[he Inslallallon 0/ such covor boxes
cu! lalse alarms by sovonly-llvo
percent. He said wo won't know
until lho and ol the somoslor how

‘ dargradualc

projected IIgurés lor dorrnllory
demand at SUNYA. According to
Welly, ll dormilory space remains
unchanged, SUNVA will be 391
beds shorl In the la” 0! 1979. 0!
the 391 beds. 316 wIII be un—
spaces. and 75
graduale. Welly saId.

To relleve- that slluallon. Welly
proposed that Brubachar Hall be
converted from rnoslly single
graduate rooms. to double un-
rlorgraduale'rooms. Welly said lhis
would provide an Increase o/ 336
undergraduo/c beds. Pierce would
be converlcrl Ira/n l07 un-
dergradua/c spaces lo l09
gradunle ones, according to Wo/Iy.
The necessary renovallons In
llrubochor

would cost $10,000

 

 

$19 a shot, and going last.
success/u! the compo/go has been
here.

As lor the breaking 0! some ol
lho covers, and the stolen ham—
mers. Scharl sold this Is part ol the
vandallsm problem on campus. He
sald the boxes were possibly

   

   

SIx glass lire-alarm covers have been 5

Welly saId.

Combined with an Increased

graduate space in Plllman and _ .

Say/es Halls, an addlllonal 50 un-

dergraduate beds al the Wellington

Hotel. Welly sald the overall 60th
o! the changes would be an In-
crease at 239 undergraduate beds.
Thls would leave SUNYA a projec-
led 77 . beds shorl lor un~
- dergradualos, Welly saId. and ap-
prox/malely 708 beds short lvr
graduate sludenls.

The Pierce Hall res/dents,
however, expressed many resor-
valr’ons about the proposed
changes allecllng their dorm and
Brubacher. Many ol lhem cools/ed
around lho ollccl lhal more sluden-
conllnuod on page lhree

 

mashed In LIvIngslon..
' Photo: Mark Halek'

vlowed as a “new loy' ' installed by
the admlnislrallon. and thus
became the object 0/ someono's
destructive Impulses. He said that
It's a small mlnorIly that disrupt a
dorm and make tho rust ol lho
student body look bad.

H. M. ..... .......;..

 

 

 

 

 

