 

There's a kid named Perry. He's thirteen nust bear the bruntof insults on hlsfamily. his

wars old and he's had a very tough life. His
,rrrents are divorced now, though for years
“crry and his three older brothers lived midst a
- rule of yelling, lighting, crying, and threaten-
rg by mom and dad, Now Perry's father has

icry B. Gissen

"ved out, to live In his girlfriend's house only
- few blocks away. Perry's mother's boyfriend
truved in. And that's not all,

All three of Perry's older brothers are pro

 

lem children. They're all involved with drugs,

and Perry's mother doesn't have the control or
the care to try to stop it. Besides, she's no
angel herself: At night, she works as a flirv
tatious barmaid, in a not too distant, not too
fine night spot. Her boyfriend is not her only
lover,

Since the lather has mow . out, the house
has fallen into a state of disarray. it needs a
paint Job terribly, the concrete needs fixing,
the furniture is old and dreary, and the once
nice, ten room house in a fashionable
neighborhood is now the ridicule of the block,

in the midst of this Is Perry. Perry hlrnself
has problems. He Is hyperactive, and until
now, the seventh grade, he has been going to
a special school. Now that he has transferred
to the normal Junior high school, he has en-

 

countered some new problems. in this .
neighborhood, gossip travels fast, and Perry, ,

   

 

  
 
  
 
  
 
  
   
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

house, and himself.
At thirteen, the kid has it rough.

—_.

l first met Perry when l was working in a
local ice cream store with pinball, Jukebox,
and hundreds of kids coming in every day
from the school across the street. He looked
different right away: filthy pants, a stained, rip-
ped white T—shlrt, hair knotted and messy.
and a very unkept look that differed sharply
from the neat appearance of the other kids.

 

. H .\ "lti. ".'»
‘ ,E if” .
n .

 

(\

 

Looking at him for the first time, i didn’t
know what to make of him. Another one of
those filthy rowdy kids that were put on this
earth to make my job difficult? One of those
poor kids who looks at me pleadingly when
everyone else licks an ice cream cone and he
can't afford any? Or maybe this was one of
those quiet, friendless souls, the outcast of the
block, who finally mustered the courage to
walk in,

Perry was none of those. This ragged,
precocious little kid immediately gave me the
once over, looking at me from head to toe. He
cased the joint and lamillarized himself with
new surroundings, as If he was preparing to
33w in. And in a way, that's exactly what he

“Hold this while l play pinball."

Before i had time to refuse, l was clutching a
beat up oli cigar box, and upon further in-
spection, discovered that this thing was filled
with bills and coins of most denominations up
to $10. Apparently, '
out.

Seeing all this money, l gave Perry a second
glance, and when i looked tip, he was staring
at me with a smile on his face, as if to say that
be trusted me, but you could never be too
sure. The kid asked me if i wanted to play pin-
ball, and before
change out, he
was strange,

the "poor theory" was

I could even take some
had put in two quarters. That
i thought, because no kid ever
t/rja'tcd lhle guy behind the counter to pinball.
east, never t' '
[dds (“d emwr. lid, and none of the other
Considering myself an

I expert at this
machine (i played an unco

untable number of
, l was thinking i
givc this strange
b e, though right from the
eglnning, l sensed that confidence was not
missing from this youngster's personality
although embarrassing to admit, the punk
creamed me, and ended the game by declar—
ing‘ that this was not one of his better games
Me neither," l half-heartedly told him, but.

  

he wasn't lying.
“.

When Perry and i first met, he was running
a local newspaper route for about elghleen
bucks a week. He carried his cash with him a,
all times, because he couldn't trust his
brothers. He didn't trust banks either. The
,money wasn't particularly saved; it wasn't
wasted either. Perry would spend about fifteen
a week, on pinball mostly, and "box" the test,
When we met, i looked in his box, and espled
his life savings.

i had wondered why he trusted me with his
cigar box when he first came in. and i asked
him about it weeks later when he Was already
a regular.

"I didn't trust ya," he blurted, "i had my eye
on ya."

A sigh of relief ran through meAlthough}1e
hedged the question, i could tell that it was a
child's blind trust of the man behind the
counter. My honesty was assumed This inci-
dent had shown Perry to possess the Child's
fallibllity In simple Inexperience. Perry had a
tough outer facade that supressed childhood
Orr-a innallu thouoh lit snurl; throuulr

r
i
{r

i

l

  

 

  

-\;J A. .
This role of mine was amusing
The man behin the counter was also an
authority figure, and no matter how ltit‘litlly
he ever was, there was only so clmr- ln' tvnuld
get to the kids. it took months below this iud
ﬁnally thought of me only as a llll'llll finr'
lhlng his upbringing had brought ini.: um i!
slight mistrust, a slightly cynical .rttitudt- both
almost imperceptible in his outward .u t-. 1:2!
you knew he was watching you
——._.

 

and hunting

The day Perry told me his life struts. litu' 1"
trouble for being slow on the job llislr‘tn‘rl fut
hours, trying to take in this living lnwstmill“~ “
complete novella, age 0» 12. i’unr; run A
talker, and quite a good one. He hurl tr hull of
a good personality, a demanding unriv. and
the confidence of asserting lrurr-rr-ii null!
everyone, younger or older. And th.u lr‘iirlt'tl
to get Perry in a lot of troubli-

When Perry offered a trio of ‘~I‘-~|*‘t‘=- ‘v"‘”
olds some advice for sharpening llii'ii -l “l I!

Space Invaders, he got slrovr-d to HIV '
and given a death warning \Vltt’it liw t“
girl to go to hell for insulting lri~ :itwilt-i
older brother overheard .nrd (tow lulu tam“- ‘
slot) on the face. And when l’wrry tv..ril.wi iii'
to a table of well-dressr-d \vnnrwn .nrd it id
them that smoking was; “lnt'lmvi IIll  “'
lungs," they absolutely stornrt-d will it! th-
Store. We had a good laugh rilfi'lU‘rii in "it it
twelve year old kid, he was llUlliti lilw t 1- iii“
litre.

Within a week of his initial nuimi i‘r-ut‘ it 'l
made it clear that he was hen,- to uto'.’ 4' H"
boss hired hint, sort of. First olull it was Imdi'i
mass protest by a vast majority vl “W “'
workers ~ everyone except lllt' i in lab
though, our boss Frank fell bud for the lztd
and besides, Perry was useful. Who eh” t '"‘"l
fit inside that counter to paint it"UI tii’l "”"
that cabinet to clean it out".

'Perry was thrilled with a starting “off iln‘
books" salary of $4.00 a day, He would gift I“
by 9:00 a.m., and not leave until about 5:30

‘3

 

 

 

   

pm. For those who hated him, it was torture.
But for me. it was companionship to get
through the day. And i have a hunch that
Frank felt the same way.

Recently, near the end of this summer, my
second with Perry at the store, there was a
wedding. Perry strolled in very late to work
one day, and grinning very widely, proudly
announced that his dad had gotten married
that morning. He beamed. He shone. Hls
father's new wife presented quite an opposite
picture of his mother, and Perry's new step-
sister was one of his few friends.

i always respected Perry for that glow. At
thirteen now, he was already old enough to
sense and be glad of the stability that was final-
Iy entering his life. A stability every kid needs,
but that avoided Perry his whole life up until
now, it was a happy moment, and he wasn’t
even yelled at for being late.

Perry's father's wedding led to a host of
good happenings. Their home provided a
good family atmosphere, though Perry re-
mained with mom a few blocks away, But
mom got better too, Sensing the pleasure that
Perry was getting at her ex-husband's house,
she feared she would lose him permanently,
and made an effort herself to be more of a
mother. She's still no angel, but at least she's
becoming "mom".

Perry was a little distressed, He had to be in
by a certain time, and his mother was making
him save a percent of his pay from the store
and his newspaper route for none other than a
ank. something Perry never conceived of

   
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 

before. Unfortunately for me. he didn't treat at
pinball as much afterwards.
—-——_—__

Perry ~ ~  came. into this world on julv
2(7. 1966, the last of four sons to his parents.
At that time, he was born into it normal, mid:
die class young faintly. The oldest sun was
seven, one was live, one three. Perry's mother
was trying lobe a good mother and housewife.
bttt even then, she was beginning to feel
boredom and frustration at her life. She felt
useless in her house, away front the nightlife.
her youth and love, Her husband worked long
hours, and she didn't get to see hitn as often as
she would have liked. '

Perry's father, on the other hand, didnt
mind being away back then. Four young sons
were hard to keep occupied, and he always
felt the burden of constant attention that his
children demanded of him. Besides, life with
lrls wife had somewhat lost the magic of their
early days. Her pregnancies had added a lot of
Weight to her, and to be very frank. she was
n'o loner very attractive to him. The young
women at the office, on the other hand, were.

It's an old story, but it might as well be told
one more time. Perry's dad, before Perry was

.0\ ‘ .
«or.
\ M w“

 

 
 
   
  
          
   

en old enough to talk, began having his first
affair. it didn't last, and Perry's mom never
even knew about it, She did know about the
second one though, and from then on, the
marriage went straight down hill. The kids?
They went down hill too.

Perry's lather stayed away frotn home more
and more, and his mother began having affairs
of her own. Raising the family took the back
seat, or was packed away into the trunk. At
the age of six, Perry was receiving minimal at
tention from either parent, and he was too far
apart from his brothers In age to fit into their
circles. Their circles, by the way, were already
beginning to cut school fairly often, drink, and
very soon, smoke, Perry had no choice but to
develop his independence.

h

The first Job Frank gave Perry under their

new employer-employee relationship was to

o"

  

Photos
Ni ro
\/ by Steve 9

go to Knivctie's. buy some white point. a
brush, a roller and a pan. Much to my sur~
prise, the kid was quite handy, He knew how
to paint, to mend things, to cook: he knew
prices, products and human nature. 1 was
taken aback because this thirteen year old boy
probably knew more about living on one's
own than me.

l‘erry proved to be a valuable employee,
and at five dollars a day now, a bargain still.
Whenever Frank or myself gave Perry one of
those tasks that one hates to do, like mopping
the bathroom, or cleaning out the garbage bin,
he'd threaten to sue under the child labor
laws. lie was kidding, or course, but he
wanted its to remember that he was doing us a
favor in this case. When we did him a favor,
he responded with a treat on Space Invadersl
one of those games where the key was wel
hidden.

 

 

 

   

‘QQIr It's

r
‘ 1““. I u‘ l 0"}. ,

once since-ugusthwhen i walked Into a pin
parlor where he was hanging with a few
friends. His excited greeting was refreshing:
“l’m still not an adult, thank god."

Had it been two businessmen meeting on
the street after a time, one might have bought
the other a drink. Perry whipped out two
quarters from his socks, and placed them
squarely on a Space invaders set.

"My treat," he said.

——____
it was such an innocent time, when Kiss was
the unequivocal'best, and when our lives
revolved around the irl next door or havin

    

     

    

   

   

‘ .

 

 

r».  -:/.- 1 .~

it was an agreeable deal: Frank was well
employed, Perry was well liked, and l was well
rested, Besides that. i had taken a great liking
to the kid myself. I daresay l was proud to be
his friend.

E

i lost Perry to disco. They opened a teen
night club a few blocks away from the store,
and always the grand opportunist, Perry was
there openr..g night as a parttime coat
checker, part-time hustler. Perry was growing
up. and girls and the dance floor were beginn-
ing to move in on pinball and ice cream cones.

The situation was different, but Perry re»
mained true to his developing identity. Now
he's in the seventh grade, and back at a nor»
mal junior high school. l've only seen him

 

a best friend,

l wish i could have been at my childhood,
All of those nothing occurences that later
became me seem so foggy now, so lost In the
haze of maturity that they worked for.

if i could have only seen those landmark
decision, when l returned somebody's quarter
instead of pocketing it, when i said l was sorry
to my best friend for punching him, or when i
cried and didn‘t feel ashamed anymore.

l wouldn't even change a thing, but to see it
would be so delightful. isn't it amazing that
the personality you use everyday in this
deceitful, rushed and careless world was once
developed in a time when there wasn‘t any
evil, just ballgames and ice cream? A time
when we were kids?

And kids we were despite adults. We knew
they didn't think much of us, but we smiled at
them anyway, and lived life fuller than they
could ever imagine. We were still allowed to
go under the beds, or into the closet, or run
around the table to hit our little sisters, We
were allowed to romp.I

But then we aged. And age takes its toll on
the magic of childhood A lady i know In-
troduced me to her kid the other day, and out
of habit, a smile swept past both our mouths.
And when the kid ran behind the curtain and
curled himself up, l had to cry Just a little bit for
the Joy he felt.

But you know what was so terrible? I felt
ashamed for crying. and there was no place'
for me to curl up and hide. l was at his
childhood, and I wished like hell [could have
been at mine too.

“And what's a life? - a weary pilgrimage,
whose glory in one day doth [ill the stage. with
childhood, manhood and decrepit age," -
Quarles.

  

 

 

