—-—~'~—v‘_——_~4

 

 

V-WW a

i.


 

 

t World News Briefs."  ' ‘ ‘

Carter Looks'for support

WASHINGTON (AP) President Carter appealed yesterday
'for public support of the new arms limitation treatywith the
Soviet Union. arguing that its rejection by the Senate would
be “a massive. destructive blow to world peace.“Addressing
a White House breakfast for retailers. Carter said that ifthe
Senate does not ratify the pact.“wc would be looked upon as
the warmongcr“ and would suffer a serious loss of trust
among NATO allies. The president. asking for individqu
support by the representatives of the American Retail
Federation. also said a Senate turn-down would undermine
his efforts to halt the spread of nuclear weapons.
Emphasizing the list was incomplete. he cited as potential
nuclear powers such nations as Brazil. Argentina. Pakistan.
South Korea. India. Taiwan and South Africa."‘lfwe show
now that we reject this mutually ndyantageous voluntary
restraint on our own nuclear weaponry, and initiate the
prospect of a massive nuclear arms race. those countries 
would feel that there was no longcrany constraint on them."
Carter declared. .

Missiles to be Housed Nearby

 

 

  

ROME. NY. (AP) A group of nuclear-tipped. air-launched.
cruise missiles will be housed at Griffiss Air Force Base licre
when the missile- program gets underway next year. base
officials announced yesterday. The long-range missiles will
be carried by specially‘tnodificd B-52B jet bontbers. and
under terms of the SAli'l' ll agreemciit'cach plane will be
limited to 2 sttcli missiles. 'l'wo companies. Boeing and
(icncral Dynamics. are currently dcvcloping models. atid
competitive lliglit testing isschcdulcd to begin thisspring.aa
Air force spokesman said. The Defense Department is
expected to make its dccision on tltc contract by February
WHO. and (ii‘ilf'iss will receive its first missile shipments in
October I‘llftl. Major William Shimkus said. He said the

.ti.i\t- “I” initially receive 200 missiles. A $l4 million,

construction project at the base is planned in l980as part of
the program and will include construction of-spectal storage
“igloos” for the missiles. maintenance facilities and other
support facilities. The program will add about |00 persons
to the bases payroll. Shimkus said.

1 Cities Bid fo'r‘Convention

WASHINGTON (AP) New York. Dctroitand Philadelphia
made formal presentations yesterday ,in their bids for‘the
I980 Democratic National Convci in New York promised
a good time and the others offert nriiiw llOlfliCill settings.
Dallas. the other competing city. we .king its case laterto
be the first national political conventi in in 'lexas in more
than 50 years. In appealing for a Philatfc . Dirt tonventioit.
Rep. William Gray. D-Pa.. who represents the my In
Congress. called it “a keystone in what may be a keystone
state in the I980 presidential election."Gray was backed by

' Rep. James Florio. D-N.J.. who represents a neighboring

district. The Philadelphia delegation told the party‘s site
selection committee that the city‘s five—building civic center
could seat 20.000 or mttrc delegatcsand convention visitors.
and that the city had the required 23.000 hotel rooms within
easy distance of the convention ccntcr..

Relations Solid with China

PBKING (AP) An agreement paying Americans for
property confiscated by the Chinese Communists 30 years
ago will be signed today in the (ircat Hall ol'thc People. US
officials announced. The agreement removes the last major
block to full economic relations between tltc llriitcd States
and China. Commerce Secretary Juanita Krcpsand Chinese
officials will sign the document. said Ernest Lotito. tltc
director ofcommunications for the Commerce Department.
The agreement provides that China pay the United States

$80.5 million to satisfy claims of American banks.
corporations and individuals whose property was
nationalircd after the Com‘munists'took over. .I he Untied
States agrees to freean equal mount tn frozen Chirycscasscis,

Nuclear Power Being Studied

3ALT LAKE CITY (AP) The government is proceeding
with studies ofcolossal nuclear power compleXcs Tcztpahlc
of generating 4 [/2 times more power than present facilities ~
despite problems at existing plants and heightened public
concern about atomic energy. Being studied are lingo,
nuclear clusters in Utah and South Carolina that would
provide power for millions of customers- in several states.
The federally sponsored studies will cost Sildﬁlllltln. but
the plants may never be built at the' sites being investigated.
Governors of both states have expressed rescrvattonsabout
nuclear power. and one official noted that Utah. with its
uncertain water supply. and South Carolina were chosen
only because they were the only two states to display any

interest. ‘

Ugandan Prisoner Speaks Out

KAMPAI./\. UGANDA (AP) One of the last persons il'L‘Cti
front ldi Ainin's dungeons said he existed three months on
two nteals a week and little water in a room so small that
prisoners had to take turns lying down to sleep. The Rc\.
George Lukwiya. an Anglican priest from Kampala. said
that dtiriiig one period ‘34 prisoners died in a l0-by-l2 foot
room crammed with ()0 persons and that their decaying
bodies were left inside for one week. Lukwiya dcscribcd
conditions in tlic hatcd State Research Bureau. the forinci
dictator‘s clticf murder and spy agency. in art interview, He
said he was released on April 5. less than a week belotc
Tanlanian aitd antivAmin Ugandan soldiers capttircd

 

 

Kampala aitd ended eight years of rule by Ainin.

/'

 

 

‘Weather’ Or Not...

...lfcrc gocs tltc sun... iiitty fcst may rest. According to tltc
National Weather Bureau at Albany County Airport.
tomorrow's otit look is for scattered showers with
tcmpcratnics in tlic mid 70‘s.

Wednesday and lhursday scented to litivc been just flukcy
heat waves \vclcoincd by unlimited podiatitig and
fountainccring. Wednesday‘s temperatures reached a rccortl
high for that date of 93 degrees. when two yclll’h ago tit this
time Albany saw snowflake and last Stittriday night was
wintcrjackct-wcatltcr.

So even if Mayfcxt is rained out. look at the sunny side...
thing‘s could be colder and \vcttci‘! Don't let tltc wcatlici' pttt
a damper on your weekend!

 

Senior Week I-Iousing

except those who hate previously been tippiovcd to slit)
during Senior Week. Seniors must fill oitt a housing icqucst
’ forin (available at Quad offices between the hours of 8:30-
4:30) along with a torchbcaring guests forin (if you have oiic)
and have it returned to Quad Offices no later than May ll.
Failure to do so will deny Seniors and their torchbcarcrs
housing during that week. All llalls will close May 27 at 5

Residence Halls close at 7 pm. May 23 for all students

 

A Trashy Situation

pm. with no exceptions.

Ticlzets Going Fast

Want to take part in senior wcck activities? Well. you
better get to the campus center third floor-PA. l'- because

 

 

tickets are selling out at a rapid rate. According to Senior
Week ticket sellers. tickets for the lake George boat i‘itlcand
the Canoe trip down the Delaware are sold out. However.
tomorrow. at 9 a.ni.. l00 more canoe tickets will go on sale
for Sll per ticket. It is not yet known if ntore lake George
tickets will also be reprinted. But don't despair!
Approximately 200 Rafters tickets remain and nearly 700
Clambake tickets are still available.

 

 

Students sunning tlicmscfycs amidst vast quantities of
soda cans. beer bottles. ttot ttog rollsaiid othci' variousforitis
of trash was tltc scene at last years May‘fcst. Willi Mayfcst
approaching again this Saturday. students should be
reminded of last years trash fiasco in hopes that tltc same
situation will ntit occur again. (hii‘bagc littering the football
field is not a plctisrint sight and especially not anatiiiosphcrc
that is conclusive to a great time. So use tltc trash cans
available - Mayfcst cart turn out to be the best party of tlic
year without tltc visablc rcstilts that will remind studentsof
their carelessness for a long time.

Realease F arms Available

If your plans have cltatigctl and you are moving off
campus next year. yott still can get out of your housing
arrangements. Rclcasc forms are now available at Ten livck
Hall Rcsidcncc Office. l'hc tlcadlinc from release of
rcsidcncc license is .luncX. l979, After filling ottt the release
fortn. return it to Ten liyck and tltc deposit money will be
mailed to yotir permanent address within ii to If) \yccks.

SA Elite vs. ASP

'l he .ltSl’would personally like to thank those members of
tlic SA clitc who so kindly gavc certain ASl’ics their ti nntitil
baths last tiiglit. Although those wild beasts claimed it \ias
all ill l'uri. tltc ASI’is well aware that it was a forrii of revenge.
By tltc way. you one one of us a pair of shoes.

 

 

C Sunya N

 

 

PAGE TWO '

v uan'

 

MAY ti, 1979

\

 

 

 

‘ASPfN‘ews:

Withdrawing The “W” '

The yeargone by was one ofchanges that haveaffected the

transcripts of thousands of SUNYA students.
‘ last fall. a new withdrawal policy was begun. which
yullowed students to drop courses without receiving a -“W"
~until the semester's midpoint. The policy replaced a system
which allowed such “W"-free dropping only througlt the
semester‘s first few weeks. The new policy all but eliminated
the dreaded "W" front the transcript.

Early this spring the Undergraduate Academic Council‘
acted favorably on a proposal which extended the option to
chose the pass-fail grading option. The proposal alloWs
students to opt for pass~fai| grades until tltc semester‘s-
fourth week. ‘

One ncwgrading proposal that has yet to receive the final
go-ahcad is plus-minus grading proposal. which was
suggested by tltc Council on Academic Standingilast iiioitth.

A Battered SUNYA

At times. SUNYA looked more and more shattered this
your-as reports that crime rates. fire alarms and \aitdalism.
\icrc on tltc risc.

l‘igitrcs issued by tltc Utiiycrsity l’olicc last fall iitdicatittg
that the campus critnc rate had risen oycr the rate of tltc
prcyiotis ycai were made frighteningly i’cal \\llll rcpotts of
sex assaults. gunpoint robberies and police slitikcdottns on
the downtown campus.

thn a rash of false Iiic alutiiis fiisl stinck tltc SUNYA
camle last fall. ttniyci'sity tnuiiitctiaticc crcyts responded hv
installing glass coycrs fl\L'l tltc Iiic alarms iii an attempt to
cut back on tltc number of false icpoi'ts. This spring. two
men. one a SUNYA student. \\ctc arrested for pulling false
ftt'c . arms on tltc quads. Both \tcic iclcuscd oti hailand fticc
possible oitc ycar jail sciitcitccs.

Massive ad\ct'tising campaigns a tainst \tiritlrilisiit were
begun by quad rcsidcnts this spring iii an attempt to halt tltc
damage to tltc physical plant which Plant Stipcrititcndant
ll‘tl DcVoc figurcd to amount to one-half million dollars
annually. Students and administrators diffcrcd in their
interpretations of tltc causes of vandalism.

Danes Become Celebrities

When ABC decided to tclcvisc the Albany State-lthaca
football showdown in November iii) a cold afternoon. it
marked the first time any Albany varsity tcatn had been sccn
on regional television.

To add to tltc drama of tlic cvcnt. 7.500 packed tltc old
fading Blcckcr Stadium. SUNYA's Dario Arango. a goalie
oit the soccer team who had been added to tltc football squad
specifically for the lthaca game. pranccd out onto the field iii
the fourth quarter for what appeared to bc a hopeless
attempt at a 45-ficld goal. When he split tltc uprights.
Albaity had a 9—6 win and thc throttg itidccd had something
to cheer about.

it took nearly tintil carly March for the other notable
Albany sports achievement. Doc Saucrs‘ basketball team.
which had finished in a three way lie for the SUNYA(
crown. was invited to play in tlic NCAA Division lll
Southern Regional iii Danvillc. Kentucky on the campus of
Centre College. .

At’lcr leading by itiitcat tltc Ittilfand by as inattyas l3carfy
in the second half. Albany lost their poise and momentum.
Savannah St. of (icorgia. tltcir opponents. in tlic semifinals
camc roaring back to tie in rcgulatioti and eventually won in
overtime.

()yci‘all. Albany Atltlctic Director Bob Ford said it wasti
fttic sports year for tltc (ircat thttcs although tltc school is
still missing out on his inajorgoal -a team championship at
the NCAA level.

SCUE Experiment

Aftcr an ctttirc academic year of labor. the Special
Coritriiittcc on Undergraduate Education(SClJl€)prcscnicd
tltc University Academic Council with a proposal fora new
pilot academic program for incoming freshmen.

The proposal. which was recently endorsed by SU_NYA
l’icsident Vincent ()‘lcary. was the practical portion ofa set
of proposals generated by SCUE members for. the
improvement of uridcrgradttate education. The proposal
would provide for a revised course structure for an

the fall of I980.
SCUE‘s student and faculty members Were appointed by
President O'lcary and charged with investigating

 

ews Briefs 

Lalieriiativcs to SUNYA's current academic program.

MAY 11, 1979

 

experimental group of three httndrcd incoming freshmen iii

   

 
 

Student Activism

SUNYA protesters lead it Iititioii rallyion the Capitol on
March If that drew \ttnlt: 2200 SUNY and (‘llNY slutlciits
from all corners of tltc stufc. lhc rally was oigutii/cd by tltc
Albany Student Union and SASU (Student Association til
the State University) to ptttlcsl the impending tttitioii bike
for Sllt ’Y uiidci'cltissmcn.

Chanting “No Way. Wc Won’t l’ay". students contci'gcd
and listened to two hours of speeches dclrycrcd by union
officials. student leaders rind pi"oniincnt rnciiihcrs of thc
State l.cgisltiturc‘s llighct' l‘dllc‘tllititl Committee. In tltc
largest show of student strength displayed iii Albany in
I'CCL’IH ylfill'h. .

lhc tally \ytis Included by ' v 'ch around tltc podium
which cycnturilly drew l50l) SUNYA students to match the
miles down Washington Ayciittc tti tiicct up with fellow
pi‘otcstcrsat tltc Capitol steps. the gathering i..is iiotzt grim
one. however. for studcnts inanugcd to enjoy thcinsclyct
singing protest songs. partying or simply enjoying tltc early
spring sunshine and warm Icinpcratuics that enhanced the

 

day.

Inflation In Tuition

lhc SUNY Board of li'ustccs tttct on April 25 to approve
a $l50 tuition increase for SllNY frcshnicnand sophomores
to take clfcct this fall. The 'l’rustt. s action sent down to
defeat tltc cfforts_of a studcnt-ledxarnpaigit again“
ttiilion hike which iriclttdcd mass lobbydtiystiiid a March 2|
dcniottsti'tition.

SUNY Vice Chancellor for Business llarry Spindlci‘ said
that the tuition increase ttas necessary to fund items which
were not included iii the legislature‘s bttdgct for fiscal year
f979-l9iffl.

The budget that was approved by tltc State‘s fcgislttlttt'c
allocated SUNY $9.| million less than that‘aniount SUNY
officials said was ncccssary to avoid cutbacks itt programs.

Student leaders. however. consistently claimed that the
tuition increase could have been avoided. Alhain Student
Union representative Bruce Cronin said the legislature was
opposed toti tuition hikcand was willing to fund SUNY with
at least part of tlic nccdcd S‘H million. Cronin and otltcr
student leaders placed the blame for tltc tuition hikc squarely
with SUNY Chancellor Clifton Wharton.

According to Spitidlcr. the extra $l50 taken front each
undcrclassman‘s pocket will be put towarrl educational
equipment. raising stttdctit wages. l{()l’ summer programs
and library resources.

High Cost Of Living

The tuition increase was not the orin blow to SUNYA
sludents' pocketbooks that was approved this year. On top
of the $l50 that underclassmen will have added to their
tuition bills next fall. more will have to be forked out for
living expenses on the SUNYA campus.

When the Trustees approved the tuition hike last month',‘
they also authorized a $50 roomrtite increase which hiked

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Keeping Up The Past"  '"

 

.qucstion

  

 

the cost to $800 per year. The room rent increase was first
hinted at last winter to “provide funds for equipment
replacement and repairs. '

In March. tltc UAS Board of Directors approveda board
rate increase that will boost the cost ofa full meal plan next
year by $50. pushing the. cost up to $788 per year. UAS
Board of Directors Chair Michael Retig said that SUNYA‘s
board rules have not been raised in four years. The fact that
the board increase was not approved sooner. Rertig said.
resulted.in it Sf |5.000 loss to UAS. SUNYA‘s Board Fates
will still be the lowest of all (our university centers.

Anti-Apartheid Efforts

[Like students at other universities in other parts of tltc
iiatioti. SUNYA students led by the Committee Against
Apartheid took up tltc cause of urging tltc University's
divestment of interests iii racially segregated South Africa.

In late October. SUNY Ccntiril Administration was told
of claims that SUNY held stocks in corporations doing
business in what is now the only white hold-out iii tltc
African continent. SUNY Vice Chancellor for Business and
l-inahcr: Harry Spindlci said that SUNY would research the
issue. and several weeks later. scycrril do/cn students rallicd
at the Campus Center lotintain calling for tlicdiycstnicnt of i
lllL' stocks. ‘

lit a column appearing iti \t'tt \t/(ll carly iii December.
SUNY Chancellor ('liftoti \l‘lttirton opposed divestment.
claiming that “withdrawal \\tlllltl set back pi'c scly tltc
giotip rifSotttli .‘\f| icon Blacks \\ lio represent a cuttinghcdgc
of ccoitoiiiic change and piogicss " SUNYA l’i‘csidcnt
Vinccnt ()‘l.caiy ttigcd ti case study ol the corporations in
question. and urged SUNY to milk against apartheid by
“iihutcyct' lllL'illl\ seems most ttppiopiiaitc." 1

Albany Student Union iItctribci llt'ucc Cronin said that
the Union. which was iiivolycd iii the anti»apttithctil tyoik.
will continue to make tii\L'\llll|'l1| a priority issuc.

 

  

Police Corruption

Scandal visltcrl lltt.‘ St lNYA campus this spring when l\\t)
Albany l’oficc Ullicct’s. Richard Vita. 2(7. and Michael
Bticlttitiati. .ll. ttcrc charged “fill grand larceny iii tltc f st
dcgtcc. based on events that utittittntcd tint “sliitkcdown "of
students living in Waterbury llzill. '

A SUNYA \ltltictll rcsidcnt of Waterbury Hall is said to
how bccit robbed by too iiicn \ylirigrtittcd access to his room
by flashing badges and identifying llictttsclics as police
ofliccts. SUNYA students luiyc claimed that the nicit fled llic
hall “llll money and marijuana.

()iic itcck latct. on March 2K. tltc two Albany Police
officers were at icstcd tiicoiiiicctioii with a similar incident in

 

tltc sonic dormitory.

Although Uniycrsity l’oficc rcspoiidcd to tltc Match 28
tiicidcnl. Albany Police were responsible for making tltc
at’icst. Both Vila arid Buchanan latcr cntcrcd pleas of not
guilty to tltc charges of gland laiccny. burglary. robbcryaiid
official tttiscotiducl. '

PLO In Page

l’crhtips otic of SUNYA‘s most controversial issucs this
year was that of the I’lth‘ilillC liberation ()igani/ation
fl’l.()l speaker. After a series of Central Council debates.
emotional involvement on the part of iitariy students. and
financial difficulties. PLO Illltlt'llltlllt)" Officer llasam
Rtiliman spoke on May 2 in Page llall.

lhc original spcakct‘. l’ct‘tmiiiciit ()bsct‘vcr to the (LN.
Zchdi latiib 'lcr/i. was the major subject of conflict. The
International Student Association (ISA) first requested a
$2000 honorarium for 'i'cr/i's appearance at SUNYA, but
was inforiiicd by Speakers Forum that $400 was tltc limited
appropriation from “the small groups line. One Central
Council member discovered that tltc speaker would appear
without a fee. bttt othcrszirgucd that a contract had already
been signed and could not be broken. A tentativeagreement
was tlicn made between SA and 'l'cr/i whereupon Terri
tigrcctl to " "cpl $l50 for travelling and board expenses.
This agreement resulted in arguments between Speakers
Forum. members of ISA and Central Council. Wlicti a
dccisiort of price was finally agreed upon. Terri was denied
his permit to speak by tltc State Department itt Waahington

 

Rahnian. a sub stitute speaker. appeared at SUNYA.
greeted by heavy security. cheering supporters. arid outraged i
non-supporters. Those who resent PLO tactics for obtaining
peace continually voiced their opinions during tltc speech.
Ruhmaii ‘s supporters were few but evident. His presence and
statements raised emotions. considerable tension and

 

"PAGE THREE

