Red Heads

The All-American Red Heads. a
team of touring women’s basketball
players, will perform their skilled
tricks and laugh-provoking antics
Tuesday evening December fourth
at 7:30 pm. in University Gym.

Originated in I936. the Red
Heads have amazingly won 100 or
more games each season since then.
They have not only played all over
America but have been featured in

At Albany

several major magazines including
Life and Sports Illustrated.

The Red Heads are the most
widely traveled, most often discuss-
ed group of women athletes in the
world. They will appear in more
than 600 cities and towns during the
current season. The All-American
Red Heads hold many of the all
time attendance records in arenas
throughout the sports world. '

Cowboys Playoff Hopes
Could Be Hurt by Giants

(AP) Three seconds is all that
separates the Dallas Cowboys from
a five-game lasing streak.

That's how much time was left
when Rafael Septicn booted a
22-yard field goal against the New
York Giants on Nov. 4 to cap a
furious fourth quarter comeback

the last time and felt we should have
won-but we didn‘t."

Dallas had an 8-5 record and is
tied for second [place in the NFC
East witli Washington. one game
behind the Eagles.

“I was concerned early in the
scttson, even though we were Winn-
ing., because we weren't playing tip

 

 

 

Remains;

v‘ s
Warn“

 

 

 

 

 

 

by Mike Dunne

Albany State Iineback Joe Raj-
czak has been named the 1979
Capitaland Football Player of the
Year. The award. which is symbolic
of this area’s most outstanding per-
former. was announced by the
Albany Times-Union last week.
Three staff writers for the
newspaper who covered area col-
leges conferred on the selection of
Rajczak.

“I was very happy to have been
the one selected. There were so
many others who could have gotten
it," said Rajczak when asked about
his reaction to the honor.

Players from RPI, Union and
Siena along with Albany were under
consideration for the annual award.

Rajczak (5'10", 185), a Dane tri-
captain, certainly had the creden-

tials to merit his selection.

He became a starter for Coach
Bob Ford in only his sophomore
year on a relatively young defensive
unit that helped carry the Danes to
the NCAA semi-finals. Ford
believes he has one outstanding
quality that makes him a great
defensive player. "Not only is he a
ﬁerce competitor but he has the
right personality for a defensive
player. He has great self confidence
which is very important on
defense." said Ford.

Based on a system which award
two points for a solo tackle and one
point for an assist Rajczak racked
up a team high I62 points in I979
despite being hampered by a
shoulder injury in the last three con-
tests.

 

“Joc had a great year,“ noted
,

' Ra jczak Tabbed Top Area Gridder.

Ford. “He is a fine athlete with
good speed and agility and is a solid
hitter. He was the only player all
season whom we felt we couldn't
lose."

In addition to his steady play
against the run. Rajczak blossomed
into a big play man this year. He ac-
cumultcd three quarterback sacks.
two interceptions. three fumble
recoveries and two interceptions
along with a blocked ﬁeld goal in
the mac Albany games.

“I would categorize him as a big
play type guy simply because of his
physical capabilities." praised
Ford. Rajczak has been clocked in a
ﬁne 4.6 seconds for forty yards.

The Niagara Falls native is the se-
cond Albany player in the last three
years to be accorded Player of the
Year recognition. Defensive tackle
Steve Shoen was the 1977 wirtner.

Rajczak does not plan on pursu-

ing a playing career in footballssay-

ing that,“‘thc're is-only so much"

your body can take."

In reﬂecting upon his four years
of football at Albany, he was
unable to pinpoint the highlight of
his career. “There have been so
many — it's hard to single out
one."

Unfortunately his biggest disap-
pointment was remembered all too

quickly and clearlyy-~_”the loss to
lthaca .this season :"was the low-
point," admitted Rajczak, in a soft,
hushed voice.

However, the memory of his
career as a whole will be a fond and
enthusiastic one. “It has been one
of the best times of my life. I’ve
made several great friends. it’s been
terriﬁc.”

Oregon State’s Miller
Looks Forward To UCLA

(AP) Ralph Miller hasn’t always
looked forward to playing UCLA,

but this season could be different.

"We certainly have a year where
UCLA perhaps does not dominate
the situation as they have in the
State

past," says the Oregon
basketball coach. “This is one o
the best balanced leagues we’ve cvc
had in the Pare-l0."

It's a supposed “down” year fo

 

 

ATTENT'mN: I

the Bruins, in that they are
rebuilding after losing several top
players. And it's an "up" year for
Miller, in that he has his top seven
players back, including perhaps the
league's best big man in Steve
Johnson.
f “Potentially, this is the best team
r I've ever coached." says MillerI

who also lras been at Iowa and
r Wichita State.

The Beavers also have the cort-
fidcnce of many observers who feel

that lifted the Cowboys to a l6-l4 ” -
Vicmr)._ to the caliber of that record 7-l. the). can “mum UCLA as me
Dallas had lost the previous week Coach Torn Landry Said by W Puc.l() champion. Mm“. shares the

to Pittsburgh and after nipping the telephone front Dallas. "We A I enthusiasm. but with caution.
 . . -' ~ - r -- lav ~n'l rla ctl too many good foot. “Tim 5mm. “rd 11mm. ,Cls H mm.
 llbflilhtimbritigzmllglllli; IlilIILgtlllICS.y .   hard   credit Old‘n my“ Mill“.~ referring m
Ig’hilatlclphia. The Giants get it “This doesn‘t have an effect on R ' .Y. . ymkrgm Aibmy‘mizzos (swam-3331 tor. a car because: you VI: “ever UCLA‘r. Ittnglinrc dmmmngm
  F R M J  credit? We have 3 “It's not good for tiny conference

chance to increase the streak to four
when they meet the Cowboys Stilt-
day in Dallas.

“I know they have a few pro-
blems.“ Giants Coach Rrry Perkins
said. " lhcy've lost three in at row
but they‘re still a fine football
team.“ Perkins concedes “it would
be a big shot in the arm if we beat
Dallas in Dallas Sunday." but
claims it's not the biggest of the
three remaining games for his 6~7
team.

"If we put all the significance on
this game. then if you were a player
how would you look at the last two
games?“ Perkins said Wednesday.
“Of the three giirncs. the most
significant game is the last one.
That's the one they will remember
the most iii the off-season." New
York has won six of its lasl eight
games after opening the season with
five consecutive defeats. Twice they
have conrc within one game of at-
taining the .500 mark. btit both at-
tempts ended’in losses.

“I don‘t think our players are
looking at this as a pivotal game.
they wartt to win the last three. And
that's how it should be," Perkins

said. “We played well against them
F — — - - _ — q

Pizza Coupon.

 

PIKE"

Alban
l 12 Wolf hoad
4 300

'-_‘————————_-——————

me. I've been through it before.
Obviously. witcn you've been to
three of the last fottr Super Bowls,
the fairs don‘t like it. When you get
beat, and there's a chance you
might not get back. they get upset.
If you stay in the game long
enough, you'll have tips and downs.
Right now we're down."

Landry noted that the Dallas
defense just hasn't bcctt able to
overcome the retirements of the left
side of the defensive line-Ed “'I‘oo
Tall" Jones and Jethro Pugh-and
safety Charlie Waters“ season-
ending knee injury.

Landry also said there's no
chance linebacker Thomas
"Hollywood" Henderson will play
for the Cowboys again. Henderson
retired last week after he was placed
on waivers.

“That's a closed book as far as
I‘m concerned.“ Landry said. “It
would he iti his best interest not to’
play for thc Cowboys."

‘ ABS

STEREO DISCOUNTER

OLUTELY unbeatable prices on most name brand
stereo components, car stereos, calculators,

video games and equipment, watches and much more!

 

 

INTROdUC‘I’ORY often .
TDK SAC-90 S 2.85 $27.50 box of 1 0

Wm” ~

Jusr qive ME A CI-IANCE -
ro bear any pnicell

cut PERRY A'r 465-1 522



 

L, 

 

Ctllttt’ to Boston !

Admissions Coordinator
Graduate School (Arts and Sciences)

Consirirring n Gt‘titllttilt' Ctil't‘t’l' .7

Boston University

The Crntltialc School of Arts and Sciences at Boston University otters .1
rich selection of advanced programs oi study leading to the M.A. and

ur lln‘ III|l\‘l'l'-ll\’ mildlorzrir- .urrl Ill-W Ivr‘ rlltlnrunl Iltllll llu‘ .\llrirrr.tlitt' ‘\r liorr
llllru't i~t lli‘i'rltr'ltl sirwi Ilil‘ll'll Mn tl.‘,'l‘r lol"

Dt'grt'c Programs

Alto-American Studies

American and New England Studies
Anthropology

. Archaeological Studies

Art History

 

 

Classical Studies
Creative Writing

Mcrlicnl Scicntcs
(Analorny. liiothcrnistry. Microbiology,

 

l’iililii rll 5r turn I'

i“ I“ "’ IIir'rthrgtr .il St I\'t'll)',lttll‘v ‘rlirilri-u

 

 

 

 

 

 

MATrNEEs DA LY

 

A NEW DIMENLO

«1‘7; ~
$17M

3 I .
Ill 5: l- Itilr NOIHNWAV MAtl

 

sthxcitin'g Theatres Under One Roof
_ m CINEMA Luxuav
A E OWSFRI. 8r SAT!

MIDNIGHT ROCK MADNESS!

in It: 5.“ run-r. .ri lllitIilllt'

4Q

.ulunimorr mu r-

rolinnlr'rt it turn

1

 3.14. 5:

~ COlONlE

 

budgets. For

I details, call

‘ Sally Gregory

at Metro Ford.
382-1010

 

 

financing plan
college grads and their

 

, METRO FORD '

geared for

to have one team win all the time. If
you tram to maintain an interesting
conference with some good lizrslwr‘
ball, it's only right that you Irirtc it
new champion every once in u
wirilc. It's been some disirduuurrgc

 

to thc l’acuit). Iiui at least t\c'\c got
more than one team who cart this
year.“

Depending on how “certain
things break for certain learns,"
Miller sees a number of possibilities
in the I’ac-IO race.

“Actually. just about every learn
in the Pac-IO stroutd be better titan

 

 

3601 State Street

 

Telephone (518) 382-4010
SCHENECTADY. N. Y. 125'"4

Next to Mohawk Mull

last year, except UCLA." says
Miller. “The Bruins lost some pret-
ty ﬁne players. But on the other
hand, they still have some pretty
good people back and they had a
fine recruiting year. I’m not coun-
ting them out yet.”

 

The l7th-rankcd Beavers, who

 

 

r

 

 

L

HOW MUCH 'IS A
lACT. DIAMOND RING?

   

 

 

for and what to look out [or when you start shopping
for diamonds. Come together. You both should know.

WW

VISAvAMER. EXPRESS-MASTER CHARGE
Open Mon.. Thurs. and Fri. Eves.

j

    

   

have already beaten the Yugosla-
vian national team in an exhibition
game. will start their college corn-
petition with thc rest of the nation
Friday niqu with a game against
Eastern Washington.

In other games Friday night in-
volving the nation‘s ranked teams.
No. 2 Kentucky and No. 14 Texas
A&M will play in the Great Alaskan
Shootout Tournament; No. 3 Duke
and No. (1 North Carolina will be in
the Big Four Tourney; No. 8 UCLA

Astronomy . ,

Graduate School snowman tau-s warp-stare; Mpg-tr Purdue
Biology gnlttys Colorado ,State: No. 13

Chemistry Virginia takes on Johns Hopkins;

No. IS Ill’l’ meets Illinois; No. to

St. John‘s opens iii the Lapchick

r / “ I I; ' ~

Cheese & Pepperoni PhD. degrees. Ltwatcd in the Bosttin/Cambridge environment, Boston Emmmirs “lush-r l H“ |"“ I‘m ““—\ I Ouman'cm and NC“ I"

. . University offers its students a tinith blend of scholarly, cultural and English ‘ “I” “I” ‘ ill” ' lllllllllllllll'l” ,IH lHlHHlmlmmlli (.cm-gmmn “wt-lug 13mph. Slum
' social ot‘l‘orlunilies. Cm I H r r ,  r.  r Dcl’aul, the nation's No. 0 rerun.

' no i r i‘ . . ‘ ‘ , ‘ . . ,
Large {"223 Giulgg; ‘ t  “ll“'““;‘r,‘,; rim“ 3, t ,2, «My ‘ wiuts untrI Dec. 5 to open its
12 Sllce Financial assistancc includes leaching lt‘llotvsliips. gnulunti' \r’ltolrrrships. History Thenmw” deppnds on much more than we cm, Show SCIiISOH. I Willi it Silmt‘ “will”!

graduate and rest-arch assistantships, .rrul Wt‘lls'sliltl)’ .ttvnttls. hmmimplimry Smdics here. Diamond prices vary with .1 motor”; c010,, out. “isconsin.
. t . . .
$3  I mg“ 1K0 Bchwim > clarity and cnrat werght (thud C a). Any of those
' For program information and application materials torrlntl: A ‘M u ‘ I 1.. Mm twill Prices Could be quite Currt’Cl- The birth Price might D G t
‘1 um“ “5 ‘l“*""”""" even be the best buy. Lotus show you what to look ane  8

continued from page Ill/It’lt‘t'lr

Iluy as many as you want 
‘ .Y . ». lltrilli'llll‘t , , '. , .‘,‘ ' 9.... l,‘
wlIhIhI-mupun. Nm “mm” U'HWNIY plum”. ) » ~ 1 . ., Dtlc to .t IL“ kc) IIl_ltlllt.\ car) in
r. . ,\' I linrrnruolo ' '. Ih rsrolo ' I) .. lto rm .1 _ .
timid on nnvttthSthlnlL 7‘05 ( ornmonwcalth /\\'t'lll|(‘ Mung”, l “W” H.“ (mu 1,)g,,l,:|),) 3“ it in Up to 20% Off With student  the season the team Will not be at
r , r , ‘ t .. t . “ ~ . . . .
C"""‘"‘ “mm 'W” “mm”, MA 013” {Mmi  . u," ‘ -, IllII strength, although Liebltcli still
/ ‘ v .
' lccls that the “season should be m»
l’l ilos r rl t HAROLD F ‘ . . . . .
I Hilda,“ " i ' 7 tcrestrng wrtlr no more InjurrcHhcrr
’ l}: I
'  we’ll really be moving."

The gymnastic team’s first meet

llmlorr llrrrvrrsrlv tltlltlll‘v ‘vllltlt'lll'~ II‘HtIIlIIt'h‘v ol lllt'll r.rrr- rolor rr.rlron.r| origin pump”, “In” cumin” 3 m
m lam" ri'lrguut an age lirirulrrnp .Illtl \‘r'lr-rntt '-I.ilir'- lo .rII rrl II‘» l‘ltlj'JrlIII‘n .1an .u ‘ . , l V  ‘ Will be “way mls leSduy 1“
lr\‘tlu~. A truly ol Illl’ llllHt'HlIY‘ unirpli'lr' polity on tll‘r- iiinirmtiinr I‘- I'llllll‘tl law leml‘v ~ W'Jh‘m'” Brockport blll they come bthli
5'... rolrrgv mama'm" “Hm Ironic the following Saturday,

December 8. to Itost a tri-rnect with

 

 

New Paltz and Rtrodc island at l
p.rn.

 

~ r- 4.; ».-,.:m.;;j.

 

 

   

more srxncrcrv ALBANY S'I‘UDI‘JN’I‘ PRESS NOVEMBER 30. 1979 ; NOVEMBER 30, 1979 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS pAGE SEVENTEEN
mogul?
‘ 1, V‘ 'L-s “’- ' "er i . . w  hf . , ,{i-t ' i ' j”. 0 W13," we,“ CnJDJr‘V‘mh‘. tram.» _  .. : . .c.«. .rﬂi s  » a   - ~ -  - . " V. V.‘

 

