 

:.?"m‘mi

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

' Procrastinating:

 

If The Homework Brings You «
Down,
Than Throw It on The Fire

 

liy i’. J. Glndnlck

When iiiany college students open a
chcittisiry or calculus textbook for study, the
first thought to cross their minds is how to put
itiis tediiiiii (ill to some future time. Over the
years. creatiic procrastination in college has
ciolvcd into a highly developed art form.

l he beginning procrastinator tends to make
use ot the piiniitive water fountain technique
Whenetci he comes up against it difficult
diitctciitiiil eqitation in calcultis. rather than
sotie the prohlcni immediately. be will stave
oil the solution until after he walks down the
hall tor a moittlitul ofwaterfrom the fountain.
lhe main drawback is that this technique,
e\cii wheii practiced trcqucntly. results in
titsutlicteiit amounts oftiiiie wasted even when

added to the time used to relieve onc's bladder.
the I \' loiitige is the hangout ofthe more
pi oicsstoiial procrastinators. 'I‘lie trite
tclctisioit pioei'itstinator has the ability to sit
toi litiiirs iii a slouclicd position while keeping
his cy es hypnotically glued to the television set
c\cn alter II is turned off. 'l'o gain expertise iii
this lot'iii ol procrastination,you should begin
by watching otic hour of television arid every
night tlicreatter increasing your viewing time
by halt an hour. llelore long you will be
watching cyerytliing from the morningstatinn
signals to the sign off scrmonctte while your
grade point average goes steadilydownward.
lliill sessions are perhaps the most popular
IllL'lllittl ol piocrastination. Hull s ’sions can
be held Ill a variety of places including your
doim iooiii study lounge, or just outside the
ticiicial Kc 'diitg Room at the library. they
usually begin spontaneously and include
groiips ol two or more procrastinators.
the general rtile of thumb is that the more
people included in your bull session gi'oup. the
lnngc-i it Wlll last. With groups larger than
sCVL'Il you can reasonably expect to stay up all
night debating such intellectual subjectsas tlte
iclaiite iiiei'its iifShakey‘s as opposed to l’i/za

And T akg The Car Down Town!

 

llut. Well prepared bull artists willattcnd bull
sessions equtpped with a list of telephone
numbers ol the various satidwieh shops so as
to he properly nourished dttring the course of
the proceedings.
hliiitilltig pool is popular with
ptocrastinators who like to hang around the
siiidciit union. lhese procrastititttors can be
identified by the cue stick cases they carry
around. Unlortiinately for the devotees tit
pool shooting. there is often a waiting list for
the pool tiihlcs. l'liis sometimes gives the pool
shooters a chance to cheat and get sotiic
studying in while waiting fora table.

Related to the pool shooters are the pinball
iiiachiite players. When armed with a
pocketl ttl ol change, a pinball player can easily
.iioid it ltill cvening of study,

About the tiiost deadly of all torms of
procrastination is bridge playing. Bridge
playeis operate iii groups of foitr and are
iaiclv lteard Iroin alter they begin their game.
.\ot only do they avoid studying. they also
assiduously avoid eating. sleeping. attd
classes. It you want to makeit to graduation l
adttsc you to keep from ever learning the
dangerous game of bridge and stick. with the
less liaiinlul tornis of procrastination.

Successful procrastinators must also be
good cranimci‘s. (ramming begins the night
hctoic an exam and lasts right up to the
moment ilie'tc-si paper reaches your hands.
lu\|)L‘llL‘llL‘L‘tl craininers develop qiiick minds
and can crain in large amounts of facts iii a
slioit period, Some cranimcrs don‘t begin
studying until the test papers are ltatided out. I
once crammed itt all the laws of Newtonian
I'hysics during the time when the test papers
\teic ltatidcd out until it reached me at the
back ot the room. With practice, you too can
teach this leth of proficiency.

 

tl ditot‘s Note: l’. .I. (iladnick is a syndicated
I os \iigcles writer)

 

 

 

 

Sock It to. SASU

lo the Editor:

Once again SASU has threatened to picket
tltc tuneriior‘s Mansion. In one way itamuses
tiie that hASU takes every opportunity to get
into the "glamorous limelight" by threatening
to picket tlic tiovernor. It also angers me
because ilie only time we ever hear from
h.‘\.\lt is when they're complaining about
soiii'ciliing.

Last semester ll was the student ltcaltli fee.
sure the ice was unfair and we shouldn‘t have
to pay ll. it's amazing how worked up the
5AM) people got about a ntcrc $8.50. They
.igaiii threatened to picket the Governor.

llig dc. . llc coitld use some company over
on i aglc Street. It probably gets pretty lotier
t)\t.'l lllL'lt.’ tryingiot'igtire out liowto pay back
hills created in the Rockefeller
Administration. how to stivc New York City
tiotii bankruptcy how to reditcc taxes, how to
iipr people on welfare both upstate atid iii
\ i t . hint to revttalizc thcjobinarket, ltow to
ciiib ititlation. how to lower crime rates
iiittiotii hanging people. how to keep otir
youth ottt ol tioiiblc. how to cttrc for otir

   

 

 

elderly. our mentally retarded. otir poor.

  

 
   
 

‘tv
_.

7.212111 11

What is SASU‘s stand on these problems?

We‘re lucky to be going to college at all,
Kids in NYC can‘t even get a decent
Llenientary School education and SASU is
'coinpltiining about paying an extra $8.50 a
semester.

We are in a period of fiscal restraint. We're
all going to liave'to tighten our belts it We are
to survtve. '

High Schools in NYC'ean'i' cven afford
remedial reading teachers anymore. That is
the kind ol "luxury" they httvclto give up;
learning how to read and write, In the hiin
schools in Long Island that most SUNYA
students come from they've probably gone as
tar as cutting out the fencing teiini. lloy. i
really leel sorry for them.

When is SASU going to get involved in
causes that are really important? Universities.
especially State Utiiversitics. aren‘t stipposed
to he cranking out accountants who will make
iweiity-plus-thousatid a ycarsothcv can live in
:atttolk t oiiiity. commute to New York and
non swttiiiiiing pools. Universities sltoiild be
educating people to be aware of the world
at oiiiid them and to use this awareness to help
solte tlte probleitis that plague us all.

tioteiiior Carey. I'm glad you treated
5AM: tvith arrogance. I'm mad at them tooll
tieici sec- SASU doing anything within the
Mix) system to help tiiid ways of saving

       
 

    

,
( i\\

4 l) ;
\\ ~. \ lllIJil‘lliu“ ’iu
I-u.—-———-‘.

  

 

 

 

 

 

(0W Willttloég

V
LON UP .

 

OUT LDFSOF
035W woos.

 

ADP HlVD

 

 

 

iiiotiey. they should be working with you and
ttie legislature to find ways to solve both
so.“ and statewide problems. The two are
so interrelated that the cooperation of SASU
could be extremely useful ifit wouldjust stop
complaining atid start some kiitd of positive
program towards mobilizing SUNY students
to address the reiil problems of the state.
I.ike anyone else. I don‘t want to pay a
hundred dollars more next year btit I'm not
going to complain. l realize that llighcr
l ditcation l‘lllldllig is it cotiiplex problem and
that it is only going to get worse in the future
because ol smaller class sizes at the High
school atid lzlemciitary level which will
continue to cause declining enrollments.
ioit‘ic a good man llugh Careyand l know
you‘re working hard to solve otir prtiblcttis.
liii behind you.
Paul Agrcstii

Out of State

lo the luditor:

I lcel that there isa dcliiiitc need tostroiigly
ctitiei/c State ()tiad Productions and then
policy about giving parts to other Qtiuilders.
Ihcic sliottltl have been some mention at
.itiihtiotis that leads would not be awarded.
ctcti iI dcscitcit. to an “outsider.”

lit the tiitiirc. I certainly hope that the
otgani/cis ol State Quad Productions will
iiilotiii the stiidctits Irom other Quads. who
take the time out to audition itiid are more.
than willing to give their time and energy to a
production. ol their policies.

Adelaide Almost

For Juniors Only

To my lcdllnri . A
I-liuvotliccrit til' the Chum of Will) would like
to itiVitc the junior claim to ll Junior‘s ()iily
Afternoon. l'his will be held Friday. l’ebruary
I)th limit 2 p.iii. until 4 p.iii. iii the Ilallroont.
I here is tio admission charge. lleer and music
[Will he provtded.
‘ This could he the perfect opportunity for
you to meet old friends. get involved in your
class council. and join and partake on
cotiitiiiltees. We watit to know how yoti want
your class dties spent. It is also time for its. as
ptniors, to start thinking about and planning
special actitittes tor otirsenioryearatid senior
week, We arc the mics that liavctomakcthcni
happen!
ho. biing your tax card. come have a few
beets. ciiyoy.aiid most importantch involved.
\\e all] see you there.
llte tilltcers of the Class of l‘)tttl

 

 

I

Get Involved !

lo the Editor:

Many people on campus are interested in
“getting intolved“. but relatively few know
esaetly where to begin. Albany Circle K is
ititeiested in helping you “get involved" oti
campus and in the iicighboringcomm 'nitics.

t irclc is is an international service
oigaiii/ation. With approximately l2.0(l()
iiieitibci‘s. Circle K is the largest organization
oi its kiitd in the world.

lit the past year the Albany Circle K has
tit-en Itl\tll\cd With many worthwhile service
pt iitccts. \\ e have worked with people from 0.
It. llcck Rehabilitation Center. 'l'ercritiit
Iloiise. lclcthon. and Multiple Sclerosis just
to titciitioii a lcw.

l-oi anyone who is interested. our tiicctiiigs
.nc held on lticsdiiy nights itt 7:30 p.iii. iii l.C
.‘l. .\ll atc \\ClL‘tiIllt.‘. l‘or itiore information.
«all I \.III .it dbl-K790.
Alhaiiy Circle K

A Major Problem

10 the l‘lditor:
I am tiicd ol being closed out ol courses
\\|ttc|i iiic icqiiiiciiiciits lot‘ my major. II it
ilcpaitinctit has decided to make a course
ncccssaiy. llli: least they can do is provide
enough sections til the cotttsc. 'l his ttlotic
would not be a tremendous prohlcni except
that these inept curriculum committee people
have tiiadc these closed required courses into
pic-requisites liii other required cotirscs.
llictcloic. the whole ladder of classes is
pushed back an entire semester. while all it
sllltlclll can do is hope he is not closed out the
totlowiiiit semester. it is the second
L'ttthL’L‘tllHL‘ semester l have liecii closed Hill of
this class] wonilci'jiist how many students are
on the ciiiiiciiliini cotiiiiiittees. Something
must be done to charge the backwartlness with
tiliitii \\t.' niiist piit tip with.
Naiitc Withheld

Good Move (in Mealcards‘

 

   
 

SUNYA is abundant with scapegoats. Like the late Edward Durell Stone, for
instance - he gets cussed out every time the Albany galcs are intensiﬁed by the wind
tunnels on the quads be designed.

Another favorite scapegoat ofSUNYA students is UAS. Sometimes the food served
on the quads doesn't deserve to be called food. and yet other times it can actually taste
decent. However. food service only gets gripes: the food on the quads is bad. there isn‘t
enough sauce or cheese on the pizza at the Rat (them actually isn't), etc.

While there is a lot oftruth to these claims. there are indeed times when UAS does do
something worth commending. Last year. it was the establishment ofthe Mousetrap
\\ inc and Cheese Place and the lowering ol'soda prices to a quarter. And this year it is
the recent institution of meal cards being accepted in the Campus Center.

Students who have meal cards can now use them during weekdays at the Campus
'c‘cnter tor breakfast and dinner. Without a doubt. this is a bonus for students.
Students in the Campus Center need not have to rush back to the quads to catch
.linncr on time. And students on the quads who may miss dinner can always go to the
Rat tiiitil X p.iii. it you've got. for instance. a five o‘clock class. this is a vcryconveniciit
tood plaii. '

l'raise is in order for those who came tip with this idea; and for U A8 for trying it out.
I he plants ciirrcnily on a trial basis. Hopefully. it will become tl periiittiictit entity — and
another positive addition by UAS.

Shooting Down Guns

\cstcrduy's decision by the University Senate against the further arming ol
‘linocisity I'olicc- was a good one. Obviously. the arguments against guns far
outweighed those by University Police. The limited arming plan which the Senate
came tip With nearly two years ago has proven successful.

lo add to that plan by arming policcduringtlie daytime hours is overkill. The risk is
lsiiiiply too great. as there are thousands of sttidetits on ‘ampus who might have found

 

themselves in the possible litie of fire. g
the decisoii against guns was a wise otie. let‘s hope that this shoots this issue down

 

‘ltll good.

 

 

i Quote of the Day:
‘All i‘in interested in right now is a four letter word for 'lndian War God“ in the New
York Times crossword puzzle yesterday."
-University Police Director Jim Williams,
s'llL‘ll asked to comment on the University Senate's decision not toallowthcarmitigo
daytime officers.

 

 

 

  

Write go Loner
to the ASP

_“D.on’t Call me chief!”
“Great (aesar’s ghost!”

‘Stop the preSsesi"

All that: trite jourmliltic mam iipd may. tinny mom éaninow be your: '
cr '

this fabulous

1 mp’ ad to ,
' minim-item for the position of Editor-in-Chicf oi nu.- Albany Student

Mummbdumpwd.

‘ iiin—tinivcutt u .
3F: ‘i'i’ai'l'al'ﬁciu’wﬁ'i :“mpmmmwim'eﬁofammm,
and vii review the publication“: editorial policy.
letters ol noiitiiiiition muiil be Iubmittcd to the managing editor in
\ .ioipus ('ciiier 329 no later than 6:00 pm. on Friday. February 9. I979.
i tc-etiontt will be held on Sunday. February I I. I979 tit 3:00 p.iii. All member!
oi the editoital hoard ot the Albany Student I513: will be eligible tnvotc.

.ch m the midrcmcnu and responsibilities that must  incl:

3 The moran null hen fulltimcequivolcnt tindch II the Un-

ivunit at A! . -

0mm}: inf-hall beer-trident! to thhcAlb-iy Shaka
c

  

 

 

r

 
   

é 

‘l‘iioMAs Mum to, Mirror-tint 'Iit‘i:/‘
JAv ll. (itssm. Managing [Editor
. . . . . . . , . . (.‘llAlll.l.hHl‘t.l.
. I)l:llltll: Ktll't'. NANi'v (il.l-.ASUN
. . . . . . . . . . , . . .l)l'llllll:lllzl.ht)N
. Sit-riiANii- llltl. VALlJz. lllliAN Kiiiii/iit
. . . I’AUL St‘llWMtll
. . DAVIDOSIIUMN
, . . SIM/Ii ()s'iiiit

\iitsitiitou . . . . .
Assoi IAII Niws iiii'ioits

/\\|‘H is iiiiitiit . _ , , . . .
Assoi lr\ll Mil-it is int ioits

HI‘UKISHHIOM . . . . . . .
A‘i‘tll IA” SI'UHIS UNION
lilllllmlkl l'AfiI‘i HM“)! . .

suit wttiiiits: ltoheit lllaseiisteiii. .lelt ('aioiic. .liiiict ('erni. Miirie Cn_rtissol. Mike Dunne.
Micliclc- ls ic. ken 'iittl. l)oii ltossi. Aron lilllllll. Deborah Smith. DiiVid Spiro Al‘

 

MANAtiIJtl-lJuhse Hchrii-i I '22,.1 tcvciibctg l.()lilM‘Nl.Wh£ Laura Scliriiiibiutivnw Moi: l)liinti
()lllt‘l (.Itll't um i ooutiiN/tioit: l'iitrtck Ford Niwsiiiiioa iMiitiitis: Miittlicw(‘os. .lill lliiber

JUNAIIIAN llooois. lliiit'nrii Manang
,,.........,. . . .l)i-:iiiiii Koi'i

. . lisA Al'l'llllAliM
. .SiisAN Asstzit

ADVHIIISINU MANN-1H
“ll LIN“ (thlillIJANl
i‘kvuoii. MAN/itth

ItooitkiirtNt; . llI'NNt’ lliioWN

  

sit is i-iiisoNM tevc- Uoldstein. .lcll lcvtttin. lticliic Mcimelstcin ( ikssnnii kiiiitti isiM.:

ML'H: Maiicr rostrum: Amy *5 .leiiiiiie .lay. lltiyilen (‘iiiriith All l'lttllll‘t Him

MAMoiii: lrctis'l-iiioat An l'IllHlllt‘lltmI llilily llriind. Sally Ann lli‘echei‘. .lttlic (ireett icrg. I ll
Kit/W0“- l.tI|II|t-‘ Silltht‘ll 0H“ I: Rosetiiaiv (iitiss. Ruth l'tt‘ill

 

 

 

Lynn lliitl. I'roiltirnon (‘Itllltht‘r
l.ttlU\lNl l.|l|l|lAIUl(l
. . . . l'AI Lovt.
.lttiit VAN (htovtit

IH'IM. tooiuiiMioit
\IIIINAIJAMIHA , .
tutti-tin s ((DUMDINAIOM

i-ksii III‘: I ciilie Appclhaiiiti. Mlt’llt'lc lli-i k. Miitiim l‘iisteiii. Sophia Kustits. l’iit Love it i-isis:

sally Anti lhechet'. l)iiiitti (‘ochiaii. Robin (iolilbcig. ('liciyl Ktiiilnitiii. t‘liitii Kiieliler.

\ltltllytl Moskowiil. l)iitiiii ()iiiri. lvy I’cltI. lk li Stone i'Mti i-itiI-: Leslie Appc-Ibiiiiiii
l'lttNllMAlth: lioiii' lteiclinci

Ullh't'lll'l‘l' Photo Service

titus: l'ony l'tmitrotti. Lauiii Viseitsi.

oiytt Ann littvcy. .lcff Schiiccbutini.

I'IIUIOUIAHIV. .iti/tli/i'eil [tr/Iti'iluillv I

iiiiii i-ttoiooiuriitl: Mary Ann llovak riioim.
Si'oti Airman. Routine Kiilttkiitl. llob lconiird
Stini lerclii. llowic .liicohit. Jol ' 'how. The Moon lee

ICS’I'AIIIJSIII! l llb

I llt‘ .'l”ltlll_l’ Sim/wit I‘rc.r.i i‘.i pit/ilix/ieileiwy 'Iluo It 't at] Fritlav t/llrmkl’lt'Kl‘htltt/Ii'ﬂ"’lp‘lhp

‘l/l'tllll‘ Slut/rm Pram Corporation, all t‘nilrpi- If tit "twain-proﬁt orgunlxulton. Edi/pun]

iii/try ti ili'Ii'mn'iti'il by the lz‘rlt'liirt'Ii-t'ht‘i-l. tlllt U ml if” to Irv/ru- by n"- Mlimuul 3(an

Mitt/mg .‘It/ll’t‘J'J.’ Allin/iv Stinlc/ti I'mri, (1' l' m 'i'mhumum Aw," Alhmm N). I)”:
(.5!!!) (SI-nay. '

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

