  
  

“m1?” ' ~ .r
.fs, - -.-..¢_~..a——~.: ‘  M. .

  
  
  
   
 
    
   
   
  
 
 
   
     
      
 
   
  
   
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
    
    
  
   
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
     
  
  
  
  
 
   
   
    
   
   
    
    
   
    
   
     
   
   
   
      
  
   
 
  
 
  
   
  
 
  
  
    
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
   
 

1/...

 

  

by Kathy Thompson

The pro-choice position is not pro-
abortion. We recognize that having an abor-
tion is not a pleasant experience. It is uncom-
fortable. expensive and sometimes painful.

The anti-choice would have us believe that

abortion is something millions of women do

for fun on a sunny Saturday afternoon
whenever we get our hands on two-hundred
dollars.

Ms. Burke's support of “The Right to

Life" muddles the issue of “free choice"

when she suggests that groups and persons

who support legal abortion should be the sole
fundch of abortions. She claims that
Medicaid funding of abortions actually
restricts free choice by requiring “that all tax-
payers participate in abortions by paying for
them." Apparently. “free choice" for the
anti-choice boils down to allowing the tax-
payer to choose freely which taxes to pay.
What Ms. Burke fails to realize is that the
issue is not the legality of abortion — that has
already been established as a right for all
women. Medicaid funding reminds us of the
problem of social inequality. This inequality
limits the options for people who can't buy
their rights. Medicaid exists to ensure that
poor people have the satne rights to health
guaranteed to those who can afford them.
The anti-choice must be clear on what it is
objecting to — abortion or public health ser-
vices. While abolishing Medicaid funding for
abortion may give the anti-choice satisfaction
that taxpayers have “free choice." it certain-
ly limits the choices. of poor women in
desperate straits.

Ms. Burke also makes the statement that
"abortion ends the lives of those already liv-
ing. since the child inside the womb is alive.
(This is not opinion. it is scientiﬁc fact.)" It
seems that her argument is not that the fetus
is alive (Ms. Burke underestimates our in-
telligcnce). but that the fetus is a child. The
argument over the status of the fetus has
been a heated but inconclusive one. The
Supreme Court wrote in its 1973 decision to
legalize abortion that "those trained in the
respective disciplines of medicine. philosophy
and theology are unable to arrive at any con~
VCIISUS . . ." and that “ . . . the judiciary. at
this point in the development of man's
knowledge. is not in a position to speculate as

 

as.

‘ to the answer (Roe v. Wade, No. 70-18 314 F.

Supp. l2l7 l970)." The judiciary did decide

that the rights of a woman are more crucial
than those of a “fertilized egg."

The so-called “Right to Life" Party is sex-
ist and racist. but not in is superficial make-
up which would have us believe that the
organization is representative of women and
minorities. Rather the sexism and racism of
the anti-choice refers to its policy. It
discriminates against women who are made
to pay for failures in contraceptive
technology and-or human error. A study
done recently by Dr. Samuel J. Barr showed
that l2 percent of all unwanted pregnancies
are due to errors made by doctors. Ms.
Burke's suggestion that men take respon-
sibility for pregnancy is quaint but
unrealistic. Men in this society are simply not
imbued with a sense ofduty for birth control.
it is always the “irresponsible woman who

gets herself pregnant." The Right To Life
party likewise discriminates against minority
women who are ntost often unable to afford
the alternative of abortion.

in the interests of being fair. I will assume
that Ms. Burke misunderstood the
significance of statements to the effect that
pro-choice advocates point out that abortion
is cheaper than childrearing costs. To say that
the pro-choice “uses this argument to sup-
port legal discrimination" is to say that our
motives are entirely economic and that we are
recommending mass abortions for the poor.
One more time, we are not advocating abor-
tions for anyone. Our primary motive is let-
ting women (not men. who will never ex-
perience the effects a pregnancy can have on

Library Lament

To the Editor:

Throughout the semester, I have (as have
most students of the University) gone to the
library to study. Each time there has been at
least two people engaged in a conversation
that can be heard by everyone present. This is
very annoying, as well as extremely rude. If
you ask these people to lower their voices.
they look at you as if you are from another
planet. and many times continue with the
conversation.

l hope that these people will now realize
that their conversations are annoying.

‘especially when someone is trying to study.
Perhaps they can go into the lounge. or at
least hold their voices down to a whisper.
-— Ellen Messier

Strike Two

To the Editor:

Recently the ASP published a “viewnoint”
on the problems at Student Accounts. I’d like
to speak about another highly unorganized
place. the library. I'm just a mere student
worker there. but i still see much that goes
on. There's a definite lack ofcaring. a lack of
interest, and an amazing amount of laziness.
Many of the full-time employees just don‘t
care about the students who use the library
(the pains in the ass) or the students that
work there. Many of them use the students to
get their work done wltile they sit on the
phone all day. And l’m not just talking about
employees that have been there a long time.
There’s a new employee that's so lazy that
he‘s even trying to pawn his work off on
other full-time employees.

The worst part of the library is the condi-
tion of the stacks. Sometimes you couldn't
find a book if your life depended on it.
Usually they aren't out and should be there.
But when they are out and you have to have
them recalled. forget it. The person who
handles this has to be the best example of
laziness and overall nastiness (of course.
there's also the Nazi leader that works
nights).

Probably. the overall problem is the man

 

 

who is in charge of these people. He definite
ly doesn't seem to understand the processes
of the library or the problems going on. you
(can’t have much respect for someone who
knows less than you.
of course. there are people who are
diligent workers and do care. bttt this is net
for them. It's for the others who make work.
ing or studying in the library an unhappy
situation. For fear of reprisal l sign this:

— Anonymous

The Right to Vote

To the Editor:

On November sixth Albany state and lociil
representatives were elected to represent lllL‘
interests of the residents of Albany cnuuiv;
this includes: the state workers. limping
staffs. Iooal merchants. landlordv, .uj.
ministrators and professors. The term
“resident” also includes a significant potlion
of the population of the city of Album . , ,
the STUDENTS! Students in Albany cotiiitv
have been categorically refused the tight to
vote. simply because they are Sllltlt’llls.

According to the New York State I‘lt't’lltlll
Law. Election officials iti Alllllll) L'llllll|\
have the rigltt to define rcsitlcnc) In l.|l.|nj1
into account a person's marital status:
parent's address. income stittlcc‘. and other
highly personal and irrelevant (lllt‘sltttili. Ill
addition. the election law reads that Ill “him
to vote in a local election you nitiu haw
every intention of being a lifelong lt'\|tlt‘|l| til
your community. This clause llil‘i llt‘t'll l|\t't.l
to disenfranchise students bccnuw lllcl |n~
tend to stay in their L‘Otnntttllitics littlll ottl)
two to fottr years. How often doc» ti t tilllll)
Board of Elections ask a doctoi oi lt'dt‘llk‘l
ltisther) marital status. parcnt‘s tttltltcyy. or
income sources to determine residency 1‘ lion
many sttlcspcrsons are refused lltc ilt'lll lo
vote because they ttiigltt live iii lllt’ii conr
munity for only a short while?

Although we live in d()I'IIIIIllllL‘\ Illllt' to
twelve months ottt of eaclt ycnt lot loin
years. or in off-campus upttrltttcttls lot toni-
parable lengths of time. we illt‘ \icucd to
transients in the eyes of tlic cttltttl\ 'liltl
denied tho right to vote. Many student» lime

 

 

 

one‘s person) have control over our bodies.
We come now to Ms. Burke's next objec-
tion. She states that women cannot ltave con-
trol over our own bodies because other
bodies are involved. She argues that the fetus
“is not part of the mother's body; from the
moment of conception it is a separate in-
dividual with its own unique genetic struc-
ture." If the fetus is dependent on the mother
for survival. if it cannot exist outside of the
womb. then it is a part of the mother's body
and is not capable of separation. The fetus is
a potential human being. If the anti-choice is
to protest interfering with the reproduction
and development of a potential human then

they must object to birth control which cer-
tainly can be seen as an unnatural interven-
tion of procreation.

That the fetus is not considered a separate
child by law and society but is seen instead as
a potential human being is clear. Our con-
stitutional rights apply only postnally. Also.
why don't we 'have funerals for miscarried
fetuses? How about health insurance for
fetuses?

Since the right [0 have an abortion is
relatively new to this century. we have all
been steeped in anti-choice propaganda.
While we “girls (who) are unwillingly pttshcd
tnto abortions" appreciate your gracious and

nonjudgmental attitude lowttrtl otii Tomi"
sgrcssions. most of us (especially t'titlinlicvi
have been brought up on the notion [lllll
pregnancy is our rightful pllttlslttncnl for
fooling around. We have cndurcd gtcttt con-
ﬂict over our decisions, thank you.

The pro-choice. unlike the illillwlltllt’k‘.
realizes that the issue of abortion is Itol dill-
ple. But abortion is a reality and .tll that ii
constitutional amendment will do is push it
into the backaileys. We will never know lion
many women we have lost to cotiilinnuui or
botcltcd abortions. Abortion must tt-tiiatti
legal and an alternative for all \\‘t)l|lcll

 

MED MAY TREAT ()6
[0le M95566 '
6W ‘

 

 

 

60f MED V0 DOT
HATE (WHEN.

 

FEIFFER

 

    
 

MED MAY TREAT ()6
WITH COLI- \

 

MED HAV
WITH

   

TREAT us
WM‘KH'

   

    

 

MED HAW ACT A9 lF THEY
HATE [OOHEM

  

 

 

 

 

MI ."V‘f’ﬂfﬁ‘f‘a‘n‘t'in!“Mirandhxy'li,"*“""“"’ ' ~

 

    

no other legal. permanent addresses and so
cannot vote at all.
Students are considered residents of their
. college communities by the Census Bureau,
in fact. the 1970 census indicates that
students make up over 6 percent of the
population in Albany county; we pay sales
taxes. gasoline taxes and property taxes
through our rents; and our lives are affected
by local political decisions. -
Because of these inequities the Albany Stu-
dent Union is working with the Student
Association of the State University. SASU.
in a statewide effort to amend the election
laws. We hope that other students on this
campus will also become involved so that we
can see the complete abolition of these clearly
discriminatory and unjust practices.
——- The Albatty Student Union

The Politics of Humor

To the Editor:

I have been protnptcd to write in response
to the recent ridiculous tltcatrics displayed by
Central Council in eliminating funding for
that very funny humor magazine. But
Serious/y Folks.

Who the hell does Mr. Castro-Blanco
think he is? "We are not going to support
this type of idiocy" he is quoted. Our student
dollars support tltc idiocy that he participates
in — Central Cottncii. Surely. there are many
better ways to spend ottr hard—earned dollars!

Has Mr. Castro-Blunco written to the
editor of "National Lampoon“. telling them
to shutdown publication? Certainly much of
what they print may be thought ofas tasteless
and offensive (I need not rctnind Mr. Castro-
Blanco of the readership the magazine en~
joys.) Or has he urged NBC to drop
“Saturday Night Live" from its programm-
ing'.’ You can't get much there tasteless and
offensive than some of the skits on that
show.

But Seriously Folks. though not perfect.
certainly fills an important void in the lives of
SUNYA students. So much of life is hard
work. disappointment. and pressure. that we
need an outlet to turn to and let go once iii a
while. To the. the very funny first issue of
But Seriously Folks was just that.

Mr. Castro-Bianca was obviously
overlooking all of this when he fought to
eliminate funding for But Seriously Folks.
Perhaps Mr. Castro-Blanco has his own
political ambitions at heart rather than the in-
terests of the students he purportedly serves.

—— Name Withheld

What Jimmy Should Do

To the Editor:

The current malaise in the White House is
totally and unequivocally reprehensible. Jim—
my Carter in a display of inept. inert. and in-
compctcnt leadership has allowed the United
States' Embassy in Tehran. Iran, to be over-
run by lranian students. Sixty American
hostages have been taken in an indcfcnsiblc
attempt of the religious nut Ayatollah Kho-
meini to blackmail the most powerful nation
iii the world into handing over the Shah.

President Jimmy Carter's feeble answer to
this attack on American credibility has been
lttckadaisicttl at best. Although he refused to
hand over the ailing Slittli. ltc gave tacit up»
provttl to tire I’I.(). a terrorist organization
that hasn't even been officially recognized. to
negotiate for the Unich States. He then cttt
off oil imports frotn Iran Ill ttn action [hill is
sure to prove to be more detrimental to the
citizens of the U5. than those of Iran. litth
prices are certain to spiral in face of the llll~
pending shortage. Carter's only other action
has been to recently frcezc Iranian assets in
tile Utiilcd States. All of these actions have
done absolutely nothing to address the real
probictn of protecting American lives
abroad.

Jimmy Carter. tt neophyte world leader.
should not permit a nation of 220 million
people. with the most powerful military in
the world, to be manipulated like a puppet by
a bunch of religiously fanatic guerrillas. Jim-
my Carter should make it perfectly clear to-

Khomeini that if one American is harmed.

 

' in-dcpth answers to many kinds of questions.

   
    

“a.

show the backward cretins of Iran who

they're dealing with. All traces of modern
civilization will be annihilated (except for the
oil ﬁelds that we‘ll take over). and they'll be
back living in the 16th century quicker than
they can get to their knees and bow towards
Meccai

Roland F. Driscoll
Greg C. Weitz
Michael M. Dillon

Humanities
Advisement

To the Editor:

A week or so ago (Nov. 7) the ASP ran an
article on the "budding success" of the new
Humanities and Fine Arts Advisement
Center (HFAAC). Those of us who have
bectt involved in getting the Center underway
were. of course. gratified to bare attention
drawn to the fact that a growing ntttnbcr of
students — particularly freshmen and
sophomores — have been coming in to talk
with us about their course planning and
career preparation questions and problems.
The Center was established. through the in-
itiative of Helen Dcsfosscs. Assistant Vice
President for Academic Affairs. and John
Schnmakcr. Dean of the College of
Humanities and Fine Arts. in response to
widespread lurucnt by students that faculty
were just not adequately available to talk
with about educational planning problems.
Since anxieties about getting an education
that will open up job opportunities are run-
tting especially high at this titne. the Center
seemed art idea whose time had come.

However. I. as Director. was dismayed by
two serious misrepresentations in the ASP ar-
ticle.

In response to the interviewer‘s question as
to what were the advantages of havingfacttl~
ty advisors available to freshmen and
sophomores prior to declaration of a major
in addition to CUE advisors. I noted that it
was felt that faculty would be able to draw on
years of experience in fields the students were
considering, or just beginning to work in,
and thus should hc able to provide helpful
perspectives and guidelines. In the article this
point was given a very questionable twist by
my being qttotcd as saying tltc faculty ad-
visors “have there practical experience".
This is very misleading and iii important ways
false itt its connotation. for in regard to the
often very complex details of academic pro-
gram advisement. it is usually the CUE Ad-
visor who “has more practical experience".
The full-time CUE staff have usually had
years of practical experience itt student advis~
ing anti will often be your best resottrce for

Thomas W. Carroll
Gregory J. Renaghan
David L. Folnsbee

And the graduate-student CUE advisors are
both closer to the undergraduate student ex-
perience and. usually. more systematically
trained for detailed program advisement titan
is the case with faculty advisors at the Center.
The counselling opportunities yott have at
IlFAAC arc supplemental to CUE; you
should make use of both.

My second bone to pick with the ASP arti-
clc is the gross unfairness of reporting one
student appraisal of the value of advisement
‘cccivcd at the Center. That one student
found III‘AAC and L‘Uii advisement equally
“itnpcrsomil” and “unhelpful”. So many
students have expressed tltcit gratitude for
what we have been able to do for them, and
so ttitttty have expressed the same kinds of
feelings about their (.‘Uli advisement. that we
are confident that the one person interviewed
was ttot speaking for arty significant tnttnbcr
of students. What is shocking is that the
ridiculousness of reporting one interview on
an issue such as this was not overwhelmingly
obvious to both the writer of the article and
whoever else was responsible for reading it
before publication. Perhaps the guilty parties
should tnakc every effort to gqt into Prof.
Rowley's “Journalism and Ethics“ course
coming up next spring and in the meantime
be especially wary not to further defame ttn
honorable profession.

—— William Grimes. Director
I'IllillaIlIlICS and Fine Arts
Advisement Center

     

Guest Editorial

 

:Emity tholla

60 Iranian Ostriches

What's all this fuss about sixty ostriches being held in iran? i understand that

'ostriches are an endangered species. but are they worth the risk of athird' World

War? I think not. i find it impossible to believe that President Carter was willing to
cut off our oil imports from [ran for the sake of these fowl-smelling birds. What
good are they? Why, i understand that they can’t even fly. What am I going to do
this winter without oil? Burn a bird? I think not. I think President Carter should
stick his head in the ground like those stupid birds do.

It seems to me that the whole solution to this problem would be to send Robert
Shaw back to lran like they are demanding. After all. what do We want with this
third rate actor anyway? He's so stupid that he let the shark kill him in Jews. I say
send back Shaw and get back our ostriches orjust let them keep the birds. He's dead
anyway. After all, they are willing to release the female birds and that means that we.
can tnate them with our male birds, and then the whole thing would be mute.

True Intestines .

Anotltcr subject that I would like to discuss is this new True-intestines Law that
was recently passed in New York State. This is ridiculousl Who's business is it what
I eat? When I think that anyone will be able to demand the contents of my intestines
it just makes me sick! Under this law it would be possible for a newspaper to publish
the contents of YOUR intestines. Can you imagine that?

I ant against this disgusting law because what‘s in a person’s intestines should re-
main a private matter.

One for the Bird

Did you know that Ben Franklin wanted the turkey to be the national symbol in-

 

. stead of the eagle? That would have meant eating eagle dinner this Thursday night.

Do you know what eagle tastes like? The proposition was soundly defeated because
of the difficulty of obtaining large quantities of twenty-two pound eagles. A sister
proposition attempted to bring in horse radish as the national sauce. at which point
Alexander Hamilton walked out with the whole New York convention.

Be that as it may. two hundred years havepassed, and the tradition remains that
turkey rules the table. eagles rule the sky (if we haven't shot them all). and cranberry
sauce is the side kick.

Wherever you're going to. have a relaxing 'I'hanksgiving. eat to the beat. party
hearty, and drive carefully going. The ASP will see you again next Friday. when we
will almost be upon the last month of this fair decade. More about that later.
though.

 

 

 

 

Joy 8. Gluen. Editor-tn‘Clile/

Ron Lew, Rich-rd Bell-r. Managing Editors
. , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Michele israel

New: Editor , , . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . .
Aoloclute News Editon. , . . . . . . . . . . . . , Laura Florentine, Sylvia Saunders
ASPecto Editor , , . . . . . . . . . . , . , . , . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Stuart Matranga

Sparta Editor . . . . . . . , . . , . . . . ,I  .  , . . , . . . , , , . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . Patti Schwartz
Auoclate Sporll Editor , . . . , . . , . . . . Mlke Dunne
Editorial Page. Editor . , . . . , . . . . . , . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Charles Blener

   

Staffwrlterl: Charles Boil. Pol Brnnley. Bob Beilnllore. Andrew Carroll. Karen Flen. Mike Fried.
Maureen George. Ed Goodman. Larry Kahn. Debby Kopi. Susan Mliilgan. Michelle Mackrell. Kathy
i’tzrilll, Rohcrlti Rostenlmum. Joli Schadoli. Beth Scxcr, Aron Smith. Debbie Smith Around Cun-
puo: Susan Milligtin Zodl-c and Preview: Dorothy Barone Newn Editor Emoritul: Aron

Smith
Dabble Kopf, Business Manager

. . , , , . . , , . . . . , . . , , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Stevu Goldstcln
. . , . . Lisa Applcbnum
. . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . Bennie Brown
. . . . Amy Sotirs

Advertising Manager.
Billing Accountant . . , . , . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . .
Assistant Accountant . . . . . . .

Composition Manager.

 
 
  

Salon: Kathy Iiosct). Rich Schtiriingur. Rich Scltgsnn Classified Manager: Robin Block Corn-
pooltlon: Fran (ilut'ckt'rt. Mike McDonald Advertlolng Productlon Manager: Sue Housman
Advertising Production: Charles Bell. Helena! I)rur‘l\cr. 'I’atntni Geiger, Penny Greenstcin. .loy
l’rvlt-r. Allllt‘llt.’ Stone Office Coordlnnlor: livclyn lillis Olllce Stuff: .lny I.ttslgnitcn. Bonnie

Slt'vutts

 

Jordan Metzger, Rob Grubm-n. Production Monogcrs
Eric Koll. Graham Sllllmln. Vincent Alello, Associate Production Managers

. . . . . . . . . . . . , . , . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . Dave Benjamin

Vertlcal Comer. . . . . . . . . . . .
Hunk's Chick

Tvplll Extraonﬂnnlra . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

 

 

Pluto-up: Lisa Bonglorno. Marlo Iltilinnn Typhtot Rusumnry Ferraro, Robin Goldberg, Mindy
Gordon. Suptciiiber Klein. Debbie Loch. Both Lnthcr. Proofro-doro: Rachel Cohen. Joy Fried-
man. Sun Lichtenstein. Ronald Suchcr Chauffeur: Illchard Russell

Photogrlphv. supplier! principally by University Photo Service

Eat-bllohcd I916
The Albany Student Press is published every Tuesday and Friday during the school year by the
Albany Student Press (L‘orporutlon. (ttl independent. not-lor-pro/it organizatlon. Editorial policy is
tluterrttlnt'tl by the litilltN-tllrclllt‘l and is subject to review by the Editorial Board. Mailing Address:
Albany Student Press. CC 32‘). MOO Washington Anew Albany, NY 12222
l5l8l 457-8892

 

 

 

 

 

the United States will send iii the Marines and

 

  
 

