 
 

 

i
:r
,t.
‘l

'i‘
ii
’5
.(

  
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

On The

Kennedy Syndrome

.. . n...

by Charles S. “W

President Carter is clearly in political
trouble. The latest polls show him trailing
:11th every major Republican presidential
hopeful. The economy is in ruins - inﬂation is
running at record levels with no immediate
relief in sight. The President's energy program
is still mired in Congressional committeesand
his SALT ll Treaty has received a punishing
hlow with the recent disclosure of Soviet
combat troops in Cuba. Things are so bad for
the President that even four-legged. furry
creatures known more for their carrot-eating
than for their political views have launched
attacks on him.

As if the country‘s woes aren‘t enough of a
headache for President Carter. should the
Iorcign and domestic difﬁculties remain. he
may soon be faced with a challenge for his
own party‘s presidential nomination - usually
unheard of for a sitting incumbent. The
potential challenges come from two
indi\iduals; one is not giten a serious chance
by most in the (litter camp: the other is
almost unncrsallt feared by (‘at’teradttson
lhc first is (imeinoi Brown of California.
[be second, and mote serioUs potential
challenger is. of course. Senator i‘dward
Kennedy.

in spite of Jeri} Hioutt‘s \L'IlL‘\ of lillL'
primary \ictortes against Carter tit I‘l7ti. tttost
Carter loyalists look iiupnn htttt sttnplt :is a
nuisance. Htown is pert-cued .is too ccceiitt ic.
too psllllCﬂ“) unstable. and Just too damn
opportunistic by many democrats. (His flip-
Hop on Proposition ll is cited as a classic
esample of iris flippilllt') l \lhtle llitiwri._
especially in the earl} primaries. may gainer
sulllL‘ anti—Carter \otcs. ('atiei‘s people lcel
that he is unelectable against a Republican
and his challenge to ("utter is ttot taken
seriously.

A tnuclt more loritiidahle challenge may be
mounted Senator Kennedy l’olls hate
consistently indicated that more detttocrats
prefer Kennedy as the party‘s nominee than
Carter. “Draft Kennedy“ ntotements lime
been formed in many states. and many leading
democrats have either come on: Ill fasor of a
Kennedy candidacy. ur lliHC indicated tlteir
t-ohappincss witlt Carter. Just last week.
Kennedy fanned the flames which drise his
many supporters by letting it be known that

   
     
    
    

3. “ea

his family is no longer opposed to his seeking
the iiomination. While this was far from a
declaration of his candidacy. many feel that
this is his first positive indication that he is
seriously considering a challenge to Carter.

The importance of his statements need not
be exaggerated. It is widely-known, because
of the assassinations of his two brothers. that
family considerations are an important (if not
the) determinant in any Kennedy decision to
run. Now that his family has given him the go-
ahcad. Kennedy is much closer to running for
President than he has ever been before.

it appears that Kennedy‘s strategy is to wait
and see whether (‘iirter‘s political fortunes
ittiproye. While New {Ork State Senator
Moyniltuti ltas urged Kennedy to declare his
candidacy hy 'lhanksgiving. others feel that
llL cart hide his time until Christmas or e\eii
until the first primaries. waiting for Carter to
tuiter.

Kennedy need not step in nuwzCarter isat a
\cry weak point politically. Almost all of his
constituencies are lukewarm toward him at
hcsl. However. as Kennedy certainly know‘s.

Pi In The Eye

To the Editor:
‘ Mr. Taglione complaint about the 'Iecwcy"
of the admissions policy of the Phi Beta
Kappa Honor Society. Are they really so
secret? As with many "secret" socteties
throughout history. their principles (as well as
their existence) have been “invisibl:“to those
who were unprepared to comprehend them.
‘Yet they have been readily accessible to those
with the requisite character. Is the problem
ireally that the Society has withheld
"information about their admission policies?
But Phi Beta Kappa is not a turc secret
society. It is an honor society. What is it
intended to honor? Is it to reward those who
already have achieved worldly honor? Is it for
the person who seeks high grades in high
school in order to get into a prestigious
college. in order to get into a prestigious

 

graduate school. in order to get a high paying
job. in order to own an expensite house. and
ear....in order. ultimately. to be "respected?"
Does this person need additional rewards.
such as an honor society. to motivate him?

Or should an honor society be for the
person whom society does not sufficiently
reward. the person who denotes his life to the
welfare of society! This would seem to be part
of it. Perhaps it should also be for the person
for whom good grades are incidental to a real
love of a MJbJL‘Cl. One might espect that
honesty. integrity and humility should also be
considered (does that sound corny'PJ. What
good would it do to tell a person that
admissions is based in part upon “good
character!" Would a person strite to be
honest. etc.. or would he merely It) to appear
to h.i\e those qualities? lbe \alues which Phi
Beta Kappa should seek to promote are less
tangible than grades and wealth, And itsjob is
all the more important in a period when
people‘s moon is turned downward upon
material \alues.

i hope Mt. laglione will not take these
comments personally. i sympathize with his

plight since i, too. have been excluded from
Phi Bcta Kappa's ethereal circle. in my case
this was due not to mere oversight. but to such
good reasons as my constant intolerance of
the imperfections of others. my unbounded
hubris.and my chronic laziness. And for such
flawed characters as we there is an alternative!
it is known as the Pi Beta Kappa (Pi. as in
apple) Humor Society. lfit is any consolation.
I shall nominate Mr. Taglione for the office iii
Honorary Assistant Vice-President. For this
singular honor. the fee shall be no greater than
that our loyal opposition charges for mm-
membcrship: 525. (Paul: check should he
made payable to “Cash").
The President of the Underground Pi Belg.
Kappa Humor Society

The Flukes
Of Nukes

To the Editor:

I write in response to a letter ‘illlIth
appeared in last Friday's ASP. 'l he ilLllilItt
maintained that nuclear power is timeout.
because it is the lesser of two ends - illL‘ other
cvil being oil and coal electrical plants llii- .\
a short—sighted argument in two “1.1;”,
respects. First of all. there are man} llltil‘.‘
potential dangers emanating frotn llllLl' -
power besides a major accident. Sct‘titttli'.
there is a viable technologically altctttatit L‘ [.i
oil. coal. and nuclear.

The nuclear power plant is but one st:i.:.
part of the nuclear power indUstr). li,
substance which fuels these plants is Ulidlltllll.
a naturall) occurring radioactiw L‘lt‘illL'ltl
Uranium miners are exposed to radiiiatt..
radon gas which has caused man) Loses

 

cancer among miners. The titanium llill\l [.1 '
be milled (chemicall) separated) and em IL in 1
before ll can be used to fuel nuclear plilltl‘
'lherefoie. there are milling and entithttitm
plants which expose more workers ililtl lms
inhabitants to radioacttte health h.i/.iid~-
«\ftet ll is milled and enriched. the tfi.:i. -:
h truiked met to the nuclear power plant I:
:t well-known fact that nuclear power plss:

 

 

 

 

Rather than risk il politically di\isi\e struggle
for the nomination, Kennedy would rather
wait for Carter to back down. or for Carter to
be iii suclt pour shape that lie is practically
abandoned by the deOCrtlliL‘t: party (a course
which Senator McOm'crn predicts.)

lime is currently to Senator Kennedy's
corner. He need be in no rush to declare his
candidacy. As an “undeclared"candidate. his
fund-raising apparatus need not operate
under the stringent guidelines set forth by the
Federal Elections Commission. He would

political fortunes can change overnight. ‘prcfer to wait until Carter is so wetikcncd

that Kennedy is left little choice but to we). tt.
nomination or gi\c the White Htllht' :w .:
Republican in I980.

What KL'llllL'tl} has done with llls lts'."
pronouncements is to .siitheI) cncotitagt in.
"Draft Kennedy” ntntements \titlim.‘
formally breaking with his oft—stated mum-i
unenthusiastic) support for Carter SL‘llJl-l
Kennedy is clearly iit the drtter's seat ~ .‘
Carter \cers too sharpl) off the road. you ..iti
be assured that Kennedy and his followers not
be ready to turn on the engines.

 

 

LA‘ET
56%

$32st
ON

I MT
l m TOUCH

WITH HV
6%

 

 

 

FRIVAV r FELT
Fab—r 66oF. PlT‘i’. TELL ME

 

 

 
 
    
 

 

 

 

 

    

 
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
   
  
 
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
  
  
   

 

 

 

   
   
     

Sports:
'l'o tateh
The Wind
And
Set It On Fire

centerfold

     
     
     
   
    
    
      
  
 
 
  
     
       
       
      
        
       
      
       
         
      
         
      
  
   
   

   

   

“3933'
i-i-t-iai-iaiui --~
< “scan

