 

 

so, . , . . , , ' s
Mark Barkows ki
I am running for SA President for several reasons. but lam mostconcerncd with tlieattitude
that prevails throughout tlte Student Association and iii its officers. Asati individual who has
been active in the SA. I haVe watched many good people walk in the office door arid be
swallowed tip in the SA stem“ insulated and arrogant. close-minded and unaware. Asa
result.SAhasoftenbeenunubletodcalwiththe concernsol'ilsconstituents r- matnlybccauseit
tiever bothers to find out what those concerns are. (As an example of what I'm talking. how
many times have you seen. lietird. or read ubotil your representatives Ic/ll'ltg what's going tti
htrppen. rather titan (Li/ting you what .\/IUll/t/l1itppl.'n‘.’) l have spent many Iioiirs during the past
semester trying to bring about somclchange iii tltis attitude. but have not yet been terribly
successful. Any change must cotnc from the top. and so far the peiiple "at the top“ have been
uncooperative. I
This attitude problem hastilso affected the Association's ability to deal with ilte rest of tlic
University Community. For some reason. SA personnel seem to feel obligated to walk around
w“~ chips on their sltouldcrs. This titrtis me off. it turns yoti olf. and it tut nsadininistrators and
faculty members 00'. I believe that we should start by [ill/ring witlt people. II that tails. thcti it‘s
time to start scrctiniing. There are times wheit it’s necessary to yell (and I‘ve dorie it successfully
invscll'in the past). but in general I‘ve found that Iget more doite when I tryto work iriI/i people
instead oft/guilty! them. SA‘s lopvoffiecrs (and most ofniy opptinctitstdisagrcc witlt me abotit
this point arid maybe that‘s why SA always s ' 'ms to get so littleacconiplislied. linteiid togti
into more detail on this tltought (and give specific examples!) later on in the campaign. ‘

Briefly. their. to some pieces of tire rest til my platform. First tifall. I have had experience In
almost every aspect of SA‘s ope “illititt from being President and Treasurer ol'an SA«l'unded
group to being a floor leader iii the Senate: from serving as a class of :80 eouncilperson and
working as an Assistant Controller. I “know the ropes"tit least as well. and probably better.
-than any other candidate.

lbclievc that SA must takean active role in the development ofcommunity spirit herc.aiidl
think we can start by encouraging strong support for athletics.

SA must cut back on its own bureaucracy. One specific proposal l have would authori/c
Quad Board Presidents to deal with solicitations requests on their own quads.

'lhcrc are many other things I should say. btit let me finiin by inviting any of you to contact
iii - at any time (457-8794); and it there‘s a lot you‘d like to talk about. I‘d be happy tti tryand'
arrange a meeting.

Thanks lor taking the time to read this. antl I‘d appreciate your support in the ripcoiniitg

Steve Coplon

The position ol Student Association President is the most crucial that any student can hold.
The president is " led upon to work lor students iii a wide variety iil sitttatiorts. The ability to
adapt to each situation is important and this cati only come from a diversity ofcxperience.

lfeel that Ioflcra unique background that is initiltiable l'orancflcciiveadrninistratioii. Iliave
been very active in Student Association. Asa member of ('entral ('ouncil. lchair the I-‘inanee
Committee. This has giicii ineti keen scnscol'sttidcnt association fiuaneesund the large number
of SA funded groups. l

In addition. I became familial ititli the various academic. residence. and student sei'yiccs
issues.

Asan active participant iii NYPIRG. i worked exteiisiycly on built the state and local levels.

Presently. l lobby the New York State legislature for NYPIRU.

Other issues that Iliave achieyed success iii are the stale ltiiidiiig ol intercollegiate athletics
and the Follctt Bookstore investigation. My extensive oork'inachicying improvements in Iliose
areas has giicn rue the further ability to adapt to a variety of issues.

Next year. l would like Student Association toaelivcly mo\e in the improvement til student
life by fostering greater school spirit. lltis can he dotie by increasing the quantity til major
ltniyersily events and having the President of SA make art actiye commitment to increasing
student input iitto the decision making ol SA.

In academic we must pursue the areas at undergraduate teaching. general policy making.
and helping liberal education through interdisciplinary programs.

In student services. we cart work with U.A.S. iti trying toestablisha tr‘ayel agency.a bakery.
and soft ice cream machines. Most importairtly. we must llllll tllttlllCl’ItilIlH‘ tocheek cashing
sitice UAS is relinquishing II. I would hope that the credit union is the alternator:

Whileit is difficult to elaborate about eyery amount ol'cspericnce. accomplishments. and
goals for next year in stich a hriefstatemcnt. lenirnot overeinphasi/c how iity di\crsity on botli
campus and statewide issues prepare me tor the job of S.A. I.’residcnt.

Lenny Harrison

To those who do not know me and to those who already do. my name is lcnnv Ila rtisoiiand
I‘m running for the position of Student Association President in the upcoming elcctiotis. the
first week in May. There are many issues that lcould emphasi/c in my campaign. biit ltlon't
think I could accurately account for all of them iii this short essay.

There are many problems that face SUNYA and you can be certain that lam fu|l\ aware of
lhcm.as' well as. having ideas forthcircventutrl solution. lfit'sa prohleindir 'tly related tti your
Student Tax dollartas SA President these would he first priorities. SA exists because ofyotir
Student Ttrx, one does not exist without the other. '

Of course. SA with its many committees litis chosen to also deal willi other strident relatctl
problems. This is good until it iiiterlcres with the workings of SA. ()ne iiictliotl oI soliing
problems that l have found useful in the past is attacking a problem head on. Iii inanreuscs this
does not work every time. Some discretion is ttlth's needed iii resolving any diltietiltv.

I feel I am suiteu tor the Job tit Student Association I‘I'L‘MtICIII tor my skirt in dealing with
problems and most importantly dealing with people, people who can help change SUNYA ill!
the better. Any officer cart do ajob. btii more cittt he done with the support ol the student who
pays a strident tax each year.

Most importantly I must ask that you vote on the election days. il not to \ote for on: at least
vote. Iljs the SA candidates that you should vote for in order for SA to continue running.

Aritl in conclusion. you will not see many posters tip with itiy slogans oracconiplisliiiicnts. I
do titit want to add to the papei waste that isapparcnt on the Podium and Quads. I would like
SUNYA to be a cleaner place and I would like to do my share to make it a better place.
Remember tobring your tax 'ard. without it yiiiictiiinot vote! It you have any questions you can

drop trtc a note Dutch Quad. Ito). 354 or iliop by Schuyler Hall 307 during the weekend.

It is time that Student Association is brought back home to begin serving the'students who
support it with $70 of tax money each year. It is this belief whiclrmttde me decide to rtin for
President of Student Association. While it is important for us to be involved In public education
questions state wide. our priorities should be on otir campus. ‘

What has S.A.done to address the vandalism problem on this campus'.’ President ()‘l.eary lltis
spoken of returning University vandalism money to the students for section improvement it no
damage occurs during the semester. This is one approach to vandalisitrwhieh would help [Is
build tip our university instead of tearing it down. Right now it isonlyan idea biit il S.A. would
care enough to do the research. lltis program is possible. I

S.A. spends $l50.000 of your tax money perycar on an athletic program which is one of thr-
bes‘ n the nation for our size school. but we only gained $|3.3|4 in gate receipts in I973. II M.
are to avoid continual tax increases necessary to keep usat the same level ofcompetition that we
are. we ntust Iielp athletics support itself. A lighted fenced football field would prov ltlL‘
community gate receipts to help finance athletics. There were at least 5.000 people at the “illicit
football game last year and 3.000 for the San Jose soccer game both at Bleeker Stadium. lltc
numbers would probably have been higher had they been on our field. President ()‘l.cary isu to,
interested in the stadium idea. Ifa student president is elected who helie\es in the same llIlllgs.
then we stand so much closer to achieving them.

Fall best was cut last year because of a lack of money. I propose to bring it back iii a lllillltlt'l
that would raise money. Bring ina carnival inconjunetion with Community Unit ity Day. \\ .r
provide a Iestival uttiquc to Albany. :1 good time l‘orall. and make money off the Cltllttttlltttl'.

Where the hell is academic advisement? I‘ve been wtritiiig for it for three years, The lllll\t't sllt
seems to be more interested in distributed course requirements to cover rip lack ofadyiscincni
Sttideiits may be interested in sortie degree ofdistributiori but notat thecxpense ol ad\iseinciii

'I liese tirejust fotir issues that I ntcan when I stiy bring S.A. home. Each issue tttcltllttttctl is
\cry possible. If we elect art S.A. president who is committed to these ideas we stand so Illlltlt
closer to achieving them. The issues are not promises. bttt ideas to take steps toward. Without
id ‘as to step forwards. we go nowhere. Let‘smak‘c Ilicseantl otheridcas like them our pi'ioiitir.
Help rtic tti make S.A. work for you instead of for itself.

Lisa Newmark

We have allcxpcrienccd the problems and ha. les ssociated with going to schoolat .’\lltilll\
State. Your sttideitt Association should beable todealcl'fectively with these problems. l’iogi. s
has been made in tliisdirection. btit much remains to be done. l have been involved iii Studi i.i
Association and l have worked to solve some of these problctns.

For example. as the Vice Chair of Central Council. I prompted the Uniycrsity to install lllt
trlarni boxes iii an effort to rcdtice life—endangering false alarms. Asa member ol the l \ s
Hoard of Directors. llrelpcd to develop the Mousetrap. I worked tti ruise Sunday Meal hoim
to reduce overcrowding.and lcneortragcd the development ofa third elioic ' at dinner lllllll'l‘ll
the "cooked to order“ item. Because of my efforts as Chair of the S.A. Conunittee loi .i \eit l
Campus. the llni\crsity turned the lights hack on that they had turned off iii an elloit to .m
"IUIIL‘y.

As your S.A. President. l will work to solve more of the problems involved with going to
school here. Most iil tis know what it is like to be poorly advised. l will work for better lttllllt'il
more accessible adyisors. Most ol ris know what it is like to wait on liite for an hour oiih to
discoicr that a hold has been placed on otir records. I will work to institute a system that will
itotily students in adiatice that a lioltl is about to be placed on their records. Most ol lt‘. kttiiu
what it is like to try to play ballat the gym. otily tolind that tliecourtsarcbeing used by Album
Iliin School kids and other ttttlsiLlL‘I‘s. Iwill work tociistire that thcalrcady'oyeicrowtlcd gym is
limited exclusively to the students of this school. Matty ol‘ris know what it is like Iotlcztl with tlti‘
day to day problems of living oll campus. I will work to eliminate or reduce some til then-
problems by improving S.A. Legal Services.encouragingactivities that reach otit to tlll‘t‘illllltlls
students. installing free lockers iii the Campus Center so that off—campus students don't llil\i’ to
lug around hcuyy books all day.and promoting the scheduling ol huscsarouiid the scheduling:
ol classes to help reduce the time you spend waiting tor it hits. Many til tis know it but it is like to
get sick on the weckettd oralth 4:00 pm. on weekdays. only to find the iiiliiniaiy closed l\\|ll
iii.\i'.\/ llitit the iiifirinary be open 24 hours a day seycii days a week to meet llic medical IlL‘L‘tls ot
students.

'I he Strident Association President shorild be a person who has dealt with piohlcms III lllt'
past and cart d ‘al with problems iii the future not a talker btit a docr..

llie Strident Association President should be it person who does not knuckle outlet to
obstacles btit works to oicreomc them.

As Strident Association President Iwill rcinaiii hard-working.tlediciitcd.aiitl determined. Ill
an cltort to sol\e your problems. I hope that you will support me.

Sharon Ward

Ihe  President sliotild be a meal advocate for student concerns in all aieas til the
University. She should act as art initiator of new projects. and also provide continuity and
glt(t()iilttCC on past ideas and programs. i ‘

ver"‘i'-"»4 " "
syﬂcnmllllllz become trier-astrieg aware of our tie to the SI "\‘i
lives 0" C; W i I . I cwi t issties. Wc recogni/c that manydecisionsallcctiiiit “III
tinpus art. not made here. but "downtown." iii [0' l"' l' ' ‘ ' l ' ' i' '

I‘kich year. we should make it it prioritvt I' il - ‘ L ‘LHMIHHL “I M M 1'“ (“will
loss ol l'actilly‘tind Programs riioiicv l'ittjlttilttlittil (“If 1'“. .lllc SUNY- lump“. llwluw H "mm
'ldvmmcm' “HIP-1 'c  V y I, r i am pitriuts StlL‘llll‘ullllplttu'lltt'tllHlillllllfllll"
t L s tit iit security patrol.

.Asa SASIIdelegateaitdcxecuiivccommittce nieniberlortwo \etiis. lltit\L’\t'l‘ll how woikini'
with other state schools can win iinproyeinents. l‘ttl example. this \etii SASU liasiiiutlcu Illllltll
breakthrough in the area of state funding lor intercollegiate athletics.

I would especially like to see tiiet‘casctl lttiittiiig lot ll""l'lil"'-l‘ '0 il‘l‘l'lW‘ I"
representing SUNYA students iii the legislature l lia\e winked Ilv l uninit- lvn lz‘ '
eatripaigns on many statewide issues including 'l AP Itll]‘llt\t‘tIIL‘lll‘- ‘ 1 illi' vt‘ill'l' l‘"

Sonic ol the best protects initiated in the
would like to sccancxpansion ol these
lllL' liiod co-op iii the

past lewycarsltaye been the ltttttlitltll iccoidio l'l‘ l
L"*“P-‘i to include autoniotivcs and iettiis. ,I\uc\it-ii-.ino I it
hhwud hm“an [I ‘ llllthVI-Ill‘HHI iloinis isa \\t)l'll|\\llIlL' and feasible goal llii~se lllt't|‘~ llll\i‘ til «i
H .I t It. iu\i.istly has yet todcyelopaco-iippolic\ Aii\ lllll\t'l‘tll\ [lltllt \ should
I‘ll‘ltll out Lll'tllh. not lltIIll tlicin. . - ' ’
llic quality ol iltl\l‘»l.IIIL'IIl at SUNYA is inconsistent and Ill dcspciatt- tlt'L'll «it llllltliHi'IlIi II‘
We need :i i'oinpiclit'iisiye piopiuni to Illtyztuilr- ('ttt “mt tip-“tn m1\|\..,,.p,,iy,”“t i‘slulill-ll-K
student illl\t‘.ill system. I would like lo sittiphly the procedures which allow student». tw t‘~ -”'
their own iuutois. and increase piogitrtiis gtytng aeutlciitrt' cictlit lot ltelil \Utll»

\“- t.
\y

\

 

\

\
\

 

 

