 

 

 

int-“2‘;

 

 

4 tzkunvmizsuéumewrsc“we

..-_....-o-

by ton Gwlnett

     

Anyway, ljust don’t think it’s right to take

"T00 "melt Ofaﬂylhi’lg 1'3 ’00 much/0f "19- the abuse I take and not get paid for it. I'm

700 MW" and Werﬂhlng 14815 ’00 pretty tired of cale classes where the right

nmclt...far me. "

answer doesn’t count. but the wrong one

-— P. Townshend (Once inscribed on the docs as long as you do it their way. l’m pretty
walls 0/ ’Wlﬂg H11” 0’ [:30 (UN. "/1!" 3 damn tired of financialaids people who lteto‘

Chapters of Chem.)

Esau why don'l YOU 80 ‘0 Classes stoonts get their tuition paid for

anymore?

Uh. well. gee I guess it‘s jtist cuz...HMM.

Well shit. I don't know.

You can still make up the work. Tell 'em

you were sick.
But I wasn't sick.

So what? You wanna fail? Tell 'em yotir

apartment burnt down.
Maybe. Shit. I don't know.

You can make up the work in Chinese

Calligraphy at least. Still get art A I bet.
Slocum probably won't even notice you miss-
ed the midterm. B.G.. you can’t get all those
E's on your transcript! What'll happen whett
yoti go for a job?

Y'know. the Ayatollah is talking about a
Jonestown. Iran. Brit what would you expect
frorri an 80 year old cclibate? — Me. I've got

. P‘
Y" dye,
’7 P" A

a job. I carry a pan.

Being a fry-cook isn‘t a real job.

It pays real money. More tltarr yottr chosert
profession.

That’s now. l'm talking abottt later.

Speaking of ttow. l'm thirsty. \vama beer"?
I’ll buy.

O.K. But what are you gontta do now'.’

With your life. I mean.

Hang out.

That's no way to spend your life.

You're right. l'm gortna buy some good
drugs now tltat I can afford them. I bet tltc
“Mad Rapist of Albany“ is rcallv a dark
skinned cyeranian. with slanty eyes.

You can't do this its alla mistake yotil
regret it.

I already did it and I think l'm still alive.
You gotta match?
Htilt. yeah. here.

Thanx. Here now. I'll 'splain it to you.
There's two kinds of authority as Morgan
sez: actual and apparent. Y’scc there‘s a bun-
cha guys who give the rules down the litre to

us at the bottom. Wanna hit?
No. I've got a Greek Myth class soort.

But sometimes we do something jttst cttz it
seems right. Sure you don't want any of this?

I feel funny bogarting it.
Well maybe a little.

 

you. And l‘m really tired of this “Adapt or
Die" motto of the University. Iranian
‘ern and
$500 bucks-a-month tax free. '
You gotta clip?
Yeah. here's sortie Pssnobittas. Where was

I? Yeah. abuse. that‘s the right word. l'm

tired of getting ahttscd to “train my mind".

This is pretty good stuff. What kind is it?

The guy said it was sotne kind of
black Africart. l ttsta live a block away front
wltere that IS year old got himself blown out
irt Denver. Y'know when the boss tells me to
do sorttcthirig. I do it.

So?

Well when a fricrid asks for a favor. I
usually do that. too.

Yeah. I know.

Btit for the life of me. I can't figure ottt
why I should work when tr teacher tells the to.
Y'krtow what I think?

What?

I think books catisc BRAIN DAMAGE.

What the fuck are you talking about?

A full score times he‘s broken irtto chick's
pads and hasn't beert caught yet. I bet he
crises the joint real good. Rout/s the names on
tlte mailboxes. too. I bet. Finds out if any
gtiys live there. He may be a rapist. but at
least he‘s not a faggot. So. you see. books
catrse brairt datnage.

B.(l.. this is nonsense. Go back to classes.
liven better. go to Frank’s tonite and get
wasted. You'll feel better. This’ll pass.

So will Sirhatt; so will school.

Speakin of" passing. I'm gonna make this
class at least once this week. on mean you
don't even care that you're gonna fail?

Frankly. Scarlet....l don‘t give a damn.

Catchya later. Tltanx fer the buzz.

Later. Hey now. I've got some time. Time.
tirrtc. Time is distance times rate: Croozin.
Shit. I ortgltta find a pretty woman to occupy
my tirtte. ()r maybe fix my car a little. I
wonder what I ottghta do. Htttrn. Lessee.
$l2.li7 in my pocket and a quarter tank of

gas. That'll btty a few tnore beers anyway.
Bout a ttickel of weed. Not worth worrying
about. the moticy'll burn its way out of my
pocket fast enough. Dr. King was right. Free
at last. Free at last. Thank the Lord. I‘m free
at last. Maybe eatclt the sunset. haven‘t had
little to do that in a while. Huh. might just

ltave to spend my life staring ottt irtto space. I

bet if I just listen there's sortie interesting

stuff buzzing 'rouitd out tltere. buzzing
round irt space. All I gotta do is listen right.

Just listen. '

 

 

 

95A £06 wOULDU T
§HIP$.

W AIRLlMES.

 

 

 

IF £06 (.0626 664260 OF THE

 

ll: £05 (0595 QCAPEU 0F PM
CRAGliE‘S £06 onLPDT HAV

 

IF (4)6 WERE
HAVE HA7

 

 

 

 

Hazners: Holocaust

To the Editor:

We apologize for the lateness of this
response; however we are studying in Israel
for the year. and we have received word of
these events today. through the ASP of Nov.
2. Nov. 7. and Nov. 9. In dealing with a sub-
ject such as this. a response is never too late.

We would like to respond to those
students who have accused .lSC-Hillcl of
“intruding upon and disrupting the personal
life of Vilis Hazners, “To the students who
felt that this event was a “wanton miscar-
riage of justice being funded by the students
of this institution of higher learning."

The students of .lSC-Hillel have always
taken an active role in political issues. Last
year we held a rally in New York City in front
of the Soviet embassy. demonstrating for the
release of Anatoly Shcharansky. (SA did not
fund buses. or any part ofthis event. as it was
political.) We took an active‘ part in pro-
testing against a representative from the PLO
coming to speak on campus. (A memorial
service was held before the speaker. in
memory of the victims murdered by PLO
activities).

Again. JSC has held a peaceful vigil in
front of the home of the accused Nazi War
criminal. Vilis Hazners. (No SA funding was
provided for the buses to this political event.)
Yes. it could have been very possible that
Mr. Hazners' personal life would ltave been
disrupted for a few hours — a mere inconve-
nience. however. Mr. Hazners' was not even
at his home during the time of the vigil. as a
SUNYA student let Haznch know about the
event. Has this student asked if Mr. Hazners
during his years as an SS ofﬁcer. thought
the disruption he might cause. not only in the
lives of the thousands of people that he
helped to select for slaughter. but also to the
fatnin members who are alive today (if there
are any left) who must live day to day with

the horrible memory of the catastrophic
events that occurred? No. we think not.
As for the claim that this “wanton

miscarriage of justice is being funded by the
students of this institution of higher learn-
ing.“ the buses which transported the
students to this vigil. and to the rally held last
year in support of Sltcltaransky. were not
funded by SA. Why? “SA does not permit its
funds to be used for buses to travel to
political events. “One might ask why SA pro-
vided partial funding for buses to the anti-
nuke rally last spring. Is the fight for or
against nuclear power a political one? It sure
as hell is! So. is SA going to continue to
discriminate between political activities
which it feels are popular, and those which
are not? We would like to request. again.
that. once and for all. SA decide on a policy
for funding. or not fundl'ng political events
— and stick to it. unbiasedly.

 

 

TRAN weecrcs we wgtmr

As far as the four gentlemen who sug-

SCARED

HAVE' HAP RAILWS.

"It: "I! m “m” nu

 

rF' we 6W6 it) To 7H6 WM r'
Fem 0F RAVIA'rtow we- win haves

lF let? kJEQE
IUE (OOULVDT HAVE HAD COAL.

 

gested a “more tasteful presentation of the

: grotesque atrocities of the Nazi reign in Ger-

many" are concernedfwhat would you sug-
gest? How can one even use the phrase
“tasteful presentation" to describe
atrocities? Would you like it display of lamp
shades made from the skin of concentration
camp victims? What about a rc-enactinent of
people being stripped naked and shot into
holes in the ground? No. that's a bit extreme.
right? Well, we are reminded and shocked in-
to the realities of the Holocaust very often
here. It hits us when we are walking down the
streets of Israel and we see a number im-
printed on the forearm of a Holocaust sur-
vivor —- the number that registered him in the
SS man's book — an efﬁcient way of keeping
track of ‘how many we got today.’
Debra Waltlbcrg.
Past Vice President. JSCJ'IilIeI
Judith Feldman
Past Chairperson. World Jewry Cortimittec.
.lSC-Hillel
Rebecca Weinberg
Past Co-Chairperson, Students for Israel
Committee.
.ISC~HiIIel

Careful, Not Violent

to the Editor:

Rus Dowdri. and all wontctt. better check
out the law carefully before she "cuts a piece
ottt of the guy." Even froirt the posttire ol
self-defense such endeavors are often viewed
with disfavor through the eyes of the law.
(Right or wrong.) Better to lock doors and
windows and travel carefully at all times
(rape by day is very common) than to rely too
lteavily on sellldefensive techniques. Totally
completed. and particularly imperfectly or
partially. a little trick like gouging an eye otit
can really turit a would—be rapist irtto a raging
maniacal murderer. The sartte may be said of
various other defense tricks often taught.
Study the techniques. butortly in addition to
locking your “cage” and traveling carefully
at all titties. I’Ie

 

use.
n .I. Illuld. M.l).
Director
Student Health Service-

Who’s Powerful

To the Editor:

As a representative of ()(‘A turd as ortc of
the alleged twenty-five tttost powerful
students (ahem) on or off campus. I suppose
I ant inlluential enough to have this letter
minted iii the ASP.

It was itot until I read the centerfold on
power irt last Friday's ASP that I realized the
absurdin and implications of focusing on the
power of fifty individuals. Focusing on the
power of the individual only serves to
perpetuate the myth that power is possessed
by single pcrsorts as opposed to the groups
that they are supposed to be representing.

 

 

QCARED OF CAVE-mg

   
 

 

Certainly there are many fine. inﬂuential
organizations on and off campus that possess
the power and strength to see their goals
realized artd important changes made. But
these groups are. or at least should be.
powerful because of the collective efforts of
their active members. The president or
chairperson of air organization cannot affect
changes without the knowledge. skills. and
active participation of the group's members.
Any group or organization irt which this type
of powerplayoccurs.immediately 'iIIIS for art
intensive evaluation of the structure arid
functioning of the group arid whether or rtot
the goals of its constituency are indeed being
met.

There are trinity groups both on arid off
campus that have irttptirtiutt goals arid
values. and I would Irate to think that any
stttdettt itiigltt be denied the right to has" an
active input ittto the values and practices of
any student organization because of the
power trips ofsortte of ottr so-cttlled “strident
leaders".

Sue Seligsott

Correcting Errors

To the Editor:

Last Tticsday the ASP was one of the first
student newspapers to cover the latest budget
ctits at SUNY. They also printed it very
positive editorial. arid irt built aspects l cott-
gratulate tltcrti. There were. Itowcver. sortie
very bad errors itt tltc front page article. and
so that students artd faculty are given ac-
curate information. I must correct them.

To begin with. tltc Itcadlirtc wasn’t quite
accurate. It referred to a “position freeze" (a
policy prohibiting SUNY front doing any hir.
ing) by the State Division of Budget (DOB).
This freczc was lifted by the DOB. They are
instead cutting back on ottr faculty arid staff
positions by forcing SUNY to leave tip to an
additional “75 of its faculty and stuff posi-
tions vacant. Either way. we are being ltit

with a devastating loss of faculty and stuff

nnsitluns.

Secondly. t did not say that “they (tltc
DOB) don‘t believe in tetrenchments." 'I‘hc
DOB arid Governor Carey have certainly
never had arty qualms about retrcrtching cri-
tire departments at SUNY colleges. In l‘)7(t
the state forced the retrenchment of hurt-
dreds of tenured faculty and dozens of
actttlerttic programs. causing a crippling
decrease in the quality of education at
SUNY. We still have not recovered from that
loss. What I said was that retrcnclnrtents
(eliminating positiorts by firing faculty) are
politically trrtwisc for the (inventor because
there would be massive protests from the
UUI’ (the professors' union) and because our
and out retrerieltmcitts are tr rttorc blatant
lypc ofculback. The DOB (which acts on the
directives of the (inventor) is merely rising
another tactic for cutting SUNY‘s budget —
attrition. Attrition (eliminating positions as
they becortie vacant) is tttorc gradual arid less
blatant. and therefore does not usually cause
as many political repercussions arid student—
faculty protests.

Third. there are only 700 positions at the
Stony Brook hospital. As each of these get
filled. the number of positions available to
SUNY will decrease. thus causing art addi-
tional loss of faculty arid staff positions. The
2300 figure that we used refers to the number
of vacancies the DOB would not allow SUNY
to fill (the 475 arid the 700 going to Stony
Brook are in uddilimr to these).

As a final point. the Governor and
Legislature increased Bundy Aid (direct aid
to private colleges) to $88 rtiillioti this year —
a $20 million increase. The private colleges
are iii no way beirtg asked to cut back on
positions. We have to pay for these increases
to the private schools by accepting cutbacks.

I realize that the ASP received the infor—
tnatiort about the cuts‘ at the last rttiriutc
before printing, so this letter is not'rricant to
be critical as much as it is to correct the er-
rors. Nest semester we will launch an ag-
gressive fight to stop arty more cuts in our
faculty arid programs by the Governor. We
trust that the ASP will continue to give us

their full sttpport.
— Bruce Cronin

Advice is Helpful

To the Editor:

While reading the Tuesday. December It
issue of the ASP. I was surprised and
delighted to ﬁnd a review of two Directors
Theatre productions. God and Deal/t (God
(Is/rs, Deallr Answers). I was a performer in
Curl. rind while I re: i/e it is not customary
for art actor to critict/c a critic. I would like
to give it a try.

First of all. it is traditional. iii a review. to
give tltc r-ttders art idea of what the play is
about. In this case Mr. Smith has doite a very
fincjob. although I would httv - appreciated
it if he would littve kept the puttchlines to
himself. Tlterc is notlting more annoying
than going to a comedy arid recognizing the
lines. instead of being surprised by them.

Any clcrneittary school English teacher.
though. will tell you that tlterc is more to a
review than a recapitulatiort of the plot. In
fact. this is where a good review should start.
This is where all the criticisms or com-
plirncrits to the actors. directors. set
dezigrters. lighting designers. costumers. etc.
should be placed. Unfortunately. this article
never gets that far. In other words. these
continents rtr'c non-c\istcnt. This was a pro-
duction of “Directors 'l'lictttrc |‘)7‘ “. One
would at least think that the directors would
he mentioned Between tltc two plays. which
ltavc a combined cast of approximately
twenty-two actors. only three performers
were trtcntioned. ()ttt of those three. only one
gets corntttcrttcd on. Is Mr. Smith afraid of
liurtirtg our feelings? Personally. I know that
I'm iii school arid have it lot to learn. In a
similar way. if I hand in art Iinglish composi-
tiort :tan the paper is handed back with it
grade. brrt rto comments. it is doubtful that I
will do any better the next tirttc. The review
gave Gull a grade (601] is...u lot of fun). but
no comments. Death does not even get a
grade. All there is a regurgitation of the plot.

Frankly. I tltirtk Woody Allen told the story it
Huh: IIL'HL‘I'.

In closing. allow tire to restate tltc fact that
l‘m very pleased that the campus
(represented by the ASP) is finally tccttgrriz-
ing Directors Theatre. I sincerely ltopc you
continue to do so. Nest time. though. please
send a critic who will give honest comments.
criticisms. and helpful ttdsicc. instead of a
writer who does nothintI c\cept write
summaries for theatrical

 

tllCtIItlL’l c
catalogues.
Richard (iocmann

Rock-It

To the Iiditor:

I am writing in response to the recently
published letter that so proudly supported
disco. I am a strong advocate of rock and
listen to a wide range of music. ranging from
fqu to the “tjytractcristic twanging guitars
and screaming voices" that disco fans
stereotype rock and roll with. The
monotonous sourtd of disco seems to be ntorc
than a fad, but it is certainly not a rcvolutiort.
This is proven by the sliding ratings of disco
radio stations throughout the eourttry and
the ever increasing “rock nights" at so many
discos. Now. rock is not only found in bars
and concert halls. but iii discos too!

Perhaps it is rtor the music that disturbs us.
btit the image arid lifestyle that you suggest to
us. The number of people creating a value
systent for tlrcrtisclves based solely on their
music arid the “lasltioriable” clothing to ac-
company it is phenomenal. Otir ultra-casual
jeans arid T»sltirts have twenty»fivc years sup—
porting them. Disco, which has been itt ex-
istence a fraction of that time. also seems to
have stereotyped dress. however the styles
persist to change with the seasons. A person
must be wealthy itt order to continue confor-
rnirtg to whatever is considered "chic’I by
fashion magazines arid designer label
manufacturers at arty given tiriie. Maybe irt a
few years they will decide it chic for you to
wear ultra-casual ripped jeans and a T—sltit't.
and you'll'be visiting discos with patches on
your knees!

I know it’s only rock and roll. but I like it.

A David Novack

 

7. - . \

“4

 

.. A 
Wmmmmmmw.“z_.~r .4.-. . .. .

r Leave You, Ringing Bells

In I972, youtlt instinctively turned to an incompetent presidential candidate
because youth knew the truth. Youth turned out to be right. All of the cursing and
low down dealings that they were tryirtg to keep out of the classrooms were happen-
ing at 1600 Penn. If it wasn't tragic. it could’ve been funny. With each institution
that gets kttockcd over and blighted. history gets a bit darker. As every illusion
that’s shattered explodes ittto nothing, art empty space is created. And every minute
of life has these things — standards are changed. the givens are taken back -—- and
it's a natural. healthy process.

It’s evert healthier because as these things are disippating, new illusions and
dreams are being bortt. arid brartd new institutions are sprouting up all over. It is a
mctaitiorphosis that is a regeneration. sometimes with improvement. sometimes
with regression. It \‘tlS once said that "Time has no divisions to mark its passage. It
is only we mortals who rittg bells arid fire off pistols." We do so for reasons of fil-
ing. because we like to categorize and label. and because we like ringing bells and fir-
irtg off pistols. That is our nature. arid we take advantage of it as often as possible.
with bicentennials. birthdays. rttotlters and fathers days. and decades. and a lot
more. This country has refused to adopt tltc metric system and yet still marks every
ten y ‘ars like it‘s a perfect place to divide the sat of time in the USA.

Well it is. It may be psychological. it may be factual as a result. btit it mesmerizes
all of its like art impending I'ork iii the road. Iiach decade moves like a mini-scene in
a play about a strange little place where funny and awful things happen. where tlterc
is a lot to be happy about. and a lot to fall apart at the s' arms for. So as long as we're
firing off the pistol and ringing the bell loudly and clearly. tltcre is reason for in-
dividual American introspection as well. Intr'ospect now.

We must accept lif' as it mystical c\pcricttcc. ltolier than all else. arid thcrt act to
preserve and trpgradc it.

Remember this decade well. for Ill these ten “stagnant” years. the river has rolled
as hard and as last as it always has. and hopefully ever will. And even though people
have called this an apathetic decade. a decade between dc ‘adcs. the “stagnant” river
has brought us ittto some very dangerous territory.

You. tltc (ireat lazy Majority. ititist realize your stake in a rapidly deteriorating
world. '

The history will be relatively unchanged. There will always be war. arid farttine.
and big problems of all sorts. There always have. arid 'man has always pulled
through. But now. the danger lies in the lazy. resigned attitude that is smothering the
country's will to stay alive and It 'althy. Other countries stiffer similar fates.

Ten years ago. there was a war going on. and people felt scared arid rcsigrtcd just
as tltcy do now. But the war ended. and instead of moving positively from there. we
have decided to just be glad it ended and reassuitic the apparent ease lifc Itad before.

It was a safe. partying decade that brings us tr) I980 no better than tell years 1130
brought tits in I970. W..- Iiuvc ttcittully regressed. using our natural resources
waste-rally. trcveroping weaponry beyond our control. Iivirtg for -ach day instead of
for tomorrow arid crrclt other.

I quote from the ASP. ten years ago: “The picture is not glum; it is apocalyptic.
Brit it remains for you and l :IIItI :rll of us to get our hands together arid work fora
society of humans of the pluttcl Iittr'tlt. whose first priority is simply life. What else is
there?"

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Jay B. Glssen. Ifdrtm-rn-Cliie/
Ron Levy. Richard Bah-r. Managing) lfrlrtors
. . Michele Israel

News Editor . . . . . .
I..ttrro Fiorctttrttr). Sylvia Sounders

Associate News Editors

ASPects Editor Stuart Matranga
Sports Editor . . . I’aul Schwartz
Aisociate Sports Editor . Mike liunne. Bob Bellaliore

Steven Roltttk

 

Editorial Pages Edltor

stnlfwrﬂerl: Charles Boll. Put Huntley. lirili Bt‘IIﬂfilifL’. Andrew Carroll. Koren Hen, Mike Fried.
Maureen George. lid Goodman, I.tthV Kuhn. Debby Krrpl. Susan Mtlligan. Michelle Mackrell. Kathy
l’erilli. Roberta Rosenbrtunt. .lell Selmdnll. Beth Sexer. Aron Smith. Debbie Smith Zodiac Ind
Preview: Dorothy Barone New. Editor Emeritus: Aron Smith

 

Debbie Kopf. Busrrtcss Manager

    

Advznlolng Man-ger. . Steve Goldstein
Bllllng Account-n! . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lisu Applebuurn
Autumn Accountant . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Bennie Brown

Connolltlon Mun-gar . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Amy Sours
Salel: Kathy Bosco. Rich Schonlnger. Rlclt Seligson CIA-Iiﬂcd “ll-get: Robbin Block C0--
polltlon: Fran Glueckert. Mike McDonald Advenllhg Pmdnctlon Inn-gen Sue l'iausman

’ Advonlolng Production: Charles Bell. Helene Drucker. Tanttnl Geiger. Penny Greeristein. Joy
Prefer. Annette Stone Olﬂco Coordlauon Evelyn Ellis Ofﬁce Suﬁ: Jay Lustgartcn. Bonnie
Stevens

Jordon Matinee. Rob Gnllunln. Production Managers
Eric Koll, Vincent Alcllo. Associate Productlon Managers

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..Dave Benjamin
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..'.................,.......I*lunk'sCItlck

Vcﬂlc-I Cannon .
Typlut Extraordinaire . . .

Paste-up: Lisa Bongtorno. Marie ltaltano Typloto: Rosemary Ferraro. Robin Goldberg. Mlndy
(Bordon. September Klein. Debbie Loch. Beth Lorber. Karl Staltl Pmofrcndanr Elissa Beck.
Rachel Cohen. Joy Friedman. Sue Lichtenstein. Ronald Suelier

Photography. supplied principally by University Photo Seruire
Establllhcd I916
The Alburry Student Press is published eumy Tuesday and Frtdtty during the school year by the v
Allnirry Student Press Crirpmutturt. urr independent. tltll‘ltﬂ'lﬂttlll ritgantzuliriri. ltdtturinl prrltt‘y ls
tft’lt‘tlllltlL’tl liy lltt' lidilol-ni-Clrlul (Itltl ts stzlijet'l tr) tut/teat fry the lfdiiririul Hoard, Murllrit] Adrlrcss'
Albuny Student Press. CC 32‘). 1400 Washington AWL, Albany. NY 12222
(ﬁlﬁl 457 8892

 

 

 

 

SASU Organizing Director

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

esmrw».......   a i ._ w...

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

