 

 

 

 

 

 

   

What Do You Want

From College?

Job Opportunity?

Add It To Your Schedule.

First, Army ROTC gives you
two years of practical man-
agement training and leader-
ship experience whiie you're
still in school. Extra creden-
tials that will set you apart in
the civilian job market.
Army ROTC offers you a
part-time leadership oppor-
tunity as an officer in the
Army Reserve or Army Na-
tional Guard. That means ex-
tra income from a part-time
job that pays over $1 .700 per
year. Add management res-
ponsibility, community in-
volvement plus benefits.
Second, Army ROTC pro-

vides the opportunity for you
to select active duty status
as a Second Lieutenant with
a competitive starting salary.
As an Army officer, you'll be
given a position of immedi-
ate leadership responsibility

and practical management
experience that will be valu-
able to you in every position
you hold in the future.

Add Army ROTC to your
schedule and increase your
job options when you grad-
uate. '

ARMY ROTC
LEARN WHAT
tT TAKES TO LEAD

.
lot More Information Contact.

Captain Glen Perkins
-at (518) 270 6254

or drop by the RPl
office on 15th St.

 

 

 

MIDDLE EARTH
457-7800

COUNSELING AND
CRISIS CENTER
tnfor‘r‘namor‘i and Referral

Hot. Line and Walk-tn Siar‘vrrteta
, Drigorrig Courierertirig
Workrahopra and Gt‘OUpE

102 SCHLJYLEFI HALL

DUTCH QUAD

 

 

 

 

Storm
the cold.

Rolling Riders:

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  

ordinmnrf itlilrt!
tl‘ /

. l' , whispered

    

thing
For Glory

As the cost of commerical film production
continues to escalate, it becomes increasingly
rare for successful “major film directors" to
make smaller, more intimate films. (Each
Steven Spielberg filrri costs millions more to
produce than his last. His next, 1941, is
reported to have cost more than his last two,
Jews, and Close Encounters 0/ The Third
Kind together.) For this reason, it is a
surprise, though a delightful one, to find Peter
Yates, best known for expensive action
movies like Bullilt and The Deep, directing a
film like Breaking Away. For Yates, this is a
ma'ur departure.

Jim Dixon

The setting oi [freaking Arruiy is a small
university town in lrrdiaria. There tend to be
two types of people here: University people,
and the local townspeople, mostly workers at
the rock quarry which is the town's main
industry. There is an evident class system

 

In this age when expensive
movies come and go, it’s a
treat to see a film that looks
more expensive than it was.

between the school people and “the critters."
Among the town's young people, there is a
good deal of resentrrieril.

The plol's main characters are a grotip oi
young men who have just graduated from
high school. None are sure what they want to
do in life, but all are sure tlieydon't want to go
to college and they don't want to Work
especially not in the qrrarry. -

The central figure in the group is a likable
young lunatic riarrred Dave, whose only
ambition is to become ltaliari. lie is a cycling
enthusiast whose roorrr is a monument to the
Cirizano racing team. To come as close as
possible to his dream oi being the son oi a
poor~but~honest ltaliari fisherman, he rides
his bike everywhere, sings Puccini badly,
renames the family cat Fellini and shaves his
legs. His father, a middle-class used car
salesman, can't figure out what to make of
him and even his friends get tired oi the
Charade. in the meantime, Dave falls in love
with a beautiful court at the university who is
convinced he's an exchange student. She

seems to return his affections, but is going out
with a student who epitomizes the rich,
arrogant fraternity iocl'. hated most by Dave's
friends. '

The tensions come to a head as some oi the
local guys who wanted to “waste their lives
together" begin to show signs of growing up,
and the tenuous relationships between the
cutters and the students worsen. Most of
these are resolved in a climactic bicycle race
which involves both students and cutters, and
becomes a major community event.

The script is a wonderful blend of comedy
and drama. The carefully achieved
combination brings oirt a story that is funny,
moving, believable, and most oi all, very
human. The depth of characterization is
remarkable for a film which is both fairly short
and yet contains so many major characters.
The conflicts, between the cutters and the
university students, the cutters and their
parents, and the cutters and tlrr'riisvlvcs are
well~inlerwoveri.

However, what really makes this film is the
superb direction provided by Yates. His
experience with difficult action sequences
shows in Breaking Away. which compared to
Bailiff is a quiet little lilrri. l'le shines, of
course, in sequences such as the bicycle race,
which is every bit as excitingas his famous car
chase through the streets of San Francisco.
He carefully yet quickly intercnts tracking
shots of tlie cyclists with static shots, in which
they rush past thecarrrer'a almost tooquickly
to be seen. Yet in the film's quietest moments
his expertise is every llll as evident. The town
begins to take on a look of pure Ariier’icarirr
that Rockwell would have envred, yet I
remember not one dog on a front porch. To
be sure, the lilrri looks professional, hardly
.rrryorie's first effort. And in this age when
expensive movies. come and go, in tire oi lllt'iii
looking like they cost anywhere as much as
they (lid, it’s a treat to see a him that looks
more expensive than it was.

The cast is comprised for “W most part of
unknowns. Without exrr-ption, they all turn in
superb performances. Not once do you feel
you're seeing acting. You feel that you're
seeing people.

in a year of letrdowns, of major releases
that bombed, [freaking Away is a sleeper that
stands out as American iilmmakingat its best.
It's a film that should even make the most
occasional viewer glad they went to -the
novres. -

__.-.__._.-,_.,...._..———-.._..____~...

 

 

 

  

.' Vision

Page9a

 

As has always been the arse, tan Anderson
is the guiding force on the new Jethro Tull
album. Stormwatch. Heavy in social
commentary, Anderson presents the world
as he sees it, and fate that will be oursif things
are not changed. The songs on this album
seem to probe more deeply than those on the
past few Tull discs. Current issues (North Sea
Oil) as Well as traditional subjects (Dark Ages)
are viewad with usual Anderson cynicism.
Musically, the band has continued in its usual
rock, jazz and folk vein, with some hard
driving rock 'n roll, and plenty of flute playing.

Laurel Solomon

The first cut, "North Sea Oil", has a lively
ﬂute introI and Anderson sings “Ten more
years to lay the tears, erase the frown before
we are all nuclear — the better way! ~ Oh, let
us pray". There is some excellent flute and
guitar solo work, with both instruments
trading off leads, intertwining in a very
effective way.

Next is "Orion", an ode to the hunter of the
skies. Anderson expertly links the mystical
with social critique, creating images of a great
star observing some of the more pathetic
inhabitants of this Earth. The chorus is

 

Alan and Eve:

 

When the engineering genius behind the
Beatles, Pink Floyd, Al Stewart and many
more big name groups goes into the studio to
record it is always interesting to see what he
emerges with. This time Alan l’arsoiis' came
out with live. While listening to a record by
the Alan Parsons Project there are twotlrings
one must evaluate simultaneously; the
production of the record and the musical
content itself.

Hy Stadlen

procteri the recording quality on live is
excellent. Alan Parsons has been learning the
engineering game irorri the best in the field
since his days back on Abbey Road. There
are few artists around today with his studio
knowhow. i It rWever, the musical content fails
a little short of his past records. M,

 

W. “at So Young Any

infectious, the kind of thing you'll find yourself
singing in the shower (although some people
may find your subject matter to be a little
strange).

The third cut is called "Home" and is a
pleasant, it slightly monotonous, ballad.
Synthesizers (or do i hear real violins?) fill the
background, and there are some nice electric
guitar waits throughout the song. _

“Dark Ages" picks up where the "Minstrel
in the Gallery" left off, lyrically as well as
musically. it has interesting but pretentious
lyrics, with individual lines that work,
although the story as a whole does not.Tht re
is a good, if cliche, guitar solo by Martin Barre
and, again. the ﬂute and guitar interchange
does work. It is an epic piece yet l'm afraid
that the band expects more from it, feels that
it is a much greater work than it really is

"Warm Sporran" is a nice instrumental
piece (a sporran, if you're interested, is a fur
pouch worn by Scottish Highlanders) which
sounds like an updated Scottish folk song.

Side two opens with "Something's on the
Move", an allvout rocker. This is destined to
be a great live number, with lengthy guitar and
flute solos, and plenty of energy. it's really
catchy, the kind of song that sounds familiar

one of the stronger cuts on the album, and
compensates for some of its shortcomings.

“Old Ghosts" opens with an eerie, yet
somehow cheerful onslaught of ﬂute sounds,
strange yet somehow melodious. This song
evokes images of Anderson, the "mad dog
Fagin" as he has been called, in his Aqualung
persona. "1'" be coming again like an old dog
in pain, Blown through the eye of the
'hurricane, Down to the stones where the old
ghosts play". An interesting use of
instruments, synthesized violin background.
whistling ﬂute, and powerful electric guitar
chords all combine to create an unusual
sound.

"Dun Ringill" is a nice acoustic number,
basically just guitar and voice, although some
ﬂute wurk appears throughout the song.
There are many overdubbed effects, storm
noises and the like. and much of the song
seems to echo (this is a good one to listen to
with headphones).

"Flying Dutchman" is about a legendary
strip, believed to foretell of foul weather or
danger. Anderson seems to mock all of the
petty people who go about their everyday
business, unaware of the danger that awaits.
“So come all you lovers of the good life, Look

IIIOI’G

 

Elizabeth its on its way to the Kennedy Center in Washington.

Ilipene
ruit

the very first time you hearit. Thisis definitely “milml W“. m'1 V0“ 500? Staring slmstly i"

Eliz h o '

A woman named Elizabeth (a.k.a Betty and
Lizzie) begins dancing a kind of bluesy-jazzy
number, some indignant clergymen enter,
she and her cohorts defiantly perform a disco-
l'UClt shirmriie, and one of the crowd can be
heard saying “in this production anything is
possible!" None of this would he very strange
except that the woman in question is the
Queen of lingland (lietty? Lizzie?) and the
cohorts are her royal court; brri indeed
anything is possible in the Acting Company's
producirorr of Paul Foster's lfiizalreth i
currently playing at the Performing Arts
Center.

Mark Rossier

It's evident that this will be no "normal"
evening of theatre from the very start when
the actor 5 come. on stage, in plain clothes. and
stare out at the audience. In addition to the
plain clothes the play also uses plain language;
in (act, it blatantly mocks the pretentious oi

 

Eve is a collection of 'pop‘ sounding tunes
with one or two more extravagant songs
tossed in. Willi bright shiny melodies and
pleasant vocal harmonies prevailing
throughout the record a few tracks like
"Winding Me Up" have a shot at the charts
a rarity for the Alan Parsons Project. The
only thing that might hold these songs back is
the fine arrangements and backup workday
the orchestra. This is especially obvious on
tunes line "You Won't lie 'l'lier'e" where the
orchestra mix is superb; maybe the best on
the album. Unfortunately today's pop radio
stations may not iind them simple enough for
air play. Yoti know how it goes; it it's not basic
enough to he heard clearly out of your three
inch car radio speaker their it's not fit for the
AM format. Oh yes! Hack to live. liven
instrumentals like “Secret Garden" are

(.‘orrtiriuerl on page lflu l)“ “Dillll’lﬂl‘” though»J

 

live by the Alan Pursuits Project. An interesting and intriguing album as usual. Just a
.

the mirror — As the Dutchman you will
be...ﬂoating out to sea in a misty misery." A
bit pretentious, still there are some piercing
lyrics, and the musical buildup (keyboards,
then guitar, ﬂute, until there are more
instruments than you can count) is really
quite effective. ,

Elegy is a lovely instrumental, classical
guitar and ﬂute, it appears as a rainbow after
the storm, which was obviously Anderson's
intention.

 

Storrnwatch is neither Tull's best album,
nor is it their worst. it is typical, perhaps
slightly superior, Tull, pretentious, yet
distinct in sound. If you’ve always loved Tull,
you'll like this album, and if you've never
thought much of them, this album will do
nothing to drastically alter your opinion.
Perhaps the major ﬂaw of Storrnwotch is that
it is a continuation of the last few albums, the
band seems to have stagnated. Tull were
great innovators in their time, yet they are no
longer capable of outdoing themselves. if this
were the band's first album, it would probatin
stand up rnirch better. As their twelvth studio
album, it tends to become boring. it is a good
album, but I would expect more from a band-
with .letliro Tull's capabilities. I

'lt'he Virs'
Queen

botli costuming and language lourid in most
period pieces, especially those taking place in
Elizabethan England. Much of the play is a
rollicking, almost burlesque like series of
hilarious btrfioonaries; the Rocky Horror of
the classics if you will The Elizabeth,
however, does more than just criricize the
problems of other productions, it shows us
the way the thing should be done wrth some
hiin drama of the very classiest kind.
Foster's script moves from comedy to
pathos like a butt of lightning. There is a
particularly effective shift in mood in the
middle of the first art when we go from the
solemnity of Elizabeth's council as she tries to
decide the late of Mar y, the Queen of Scots (l
refuse to retell the story for those of you who
might not remember it from tenth grade,
besides, the history department's got to have
something to do), to the hystericai'qamc
show mentality of Catherine of France‘s
court, then to the chilling, genuinely
Continued on page 400

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

