 
  

-..

. m. s ..c ...-~.-..____ﬁ

 

 

 

 

Autumn fever cleans t 2 summer sweat.
preparing for the chills to come. "he breaths
are pure. taken deeply. with thanks. Leaves
clutter the once steamy streets. altnost bartiig
the trees that stand proudly. proof of ever-
passtng time. the circle of doubts and hopes.
'rf variant temperatures and tempraments. All
things must change to remain the same. year
after year. growth after growth.

She felt fresh. kicking through the browns
ind reds and golds. The breeze rosied her
.‘ht'eks and kept her spirits high. A little poem
sang to her steps kept her in time: an uncon-
'rol|ed laugh occasionally flew from her lips.
How she loved her morning walk in the
autumn!

She soon arrived wirere she went every
morning. Her receptionist reviewed the pa
tients she was to help today as together the
two shared a cup of smiky. rich te'a. Opening a
crack in her office window. she sat in a heavy
oak chair and admired the comforting Wood-
panelled walls while she waited for her first pa
tient to arrive. And so passed her tiny. as the
day before and the days ahead. each filled
with the problems and aspirations of others,
She listened and suggested. prod.ch and [T‘ri
voked. feeling fulfilled by helping those who
hurt and needed to talk. and express. and
laugh. When the last palh'lit felt satisfied by
this week's hour session. she closed the win
dow. shared a few moments rvitli the iecep
tionist. and began her solitary tourney home
She cherished the walk home. the stroll
cleared her head and prepared her to exit the
world of others and enter her own private
' space

The evening sun drifted downward and the
air. as if announcing the day‘s death. kicked
t'p an extra cold breeze l'ler footsteps clicked
on the. sidewalk. keeping a steady pace with
her thoughts. She dreamt of her big bed with
its many (to/.y blankets. imagining their
‘warrnth.

“HEY!”

She turned. halfsmiling. expecting to see a
friend. or a neighbor. a co-worker. or a pa
tient.

 

 

She cocked her head at the stranger.

. ' h I. _. .
waltthg'l‘dr him to come closer so she could in‘
struct him on how to gel to an address. or
where the nearest restaurant was. or how he
could get a taxi.

She waited. The man rlrt-w closer: when
she looked In his eyes she saw not a question
nor a loss of direction.

She saw a look of notlitngness. and this
frightened her. so she turned. and their he
touched her.

She was torrched by him; he touched her
and grabbed-her and tore her. and pushed her
and ptrlled ier. anrl opened her and ripped

W
:3

her“. thn closed her Iand left er.

There she sat in the midst of an autumn
evening. blinking and ptiiching. Tears stream—
ed down her face. painting gray patterns on
her cheeks. Choking gasps sobbed through
her lips. The cold air was raw. it would not
cleanse her. She felt dirty.

She got tip and walked towards the house.
tripping over the black. Stumbling into her
home. she opened the windmv wide and
crawled underneath her covers. brit the cold
was her only blanket. numbing her thoughts.
She escaped into the darkness. passing

ut- anr ‘. ~ I I
a; zaaawfa sen+

nightmarts hours awaiting the start of a brand
new day. like the days that passed. arid the
days that were to come.

Autumn days turn to winter. The sun
becomes a hope. the only warmth is radiated
by people. Leaves crumble and die. the trees
stand bare. a testimony to the passage of time.
Vast emptiness will fill with flowers and babies.
Days will pass in circles of hopes and doubts.
of temperatures and temperaments, All things
must change to remain the same. year after
year. growth after growth. —

 

 

 

 

. .

 

Green

The good times are over
the grass is green

the people are mean
nothing is clean

There are words in my soul
what is my goal?

The girl from Price Chopper
Jesus please help me
nothing-something moved within.

What is it
it hurts

it moves

it feels

it is mine

Where did it come from?
is it mean?

it is something

btit it is not green.

You asked me what l say
the birds play and play

it comes and goes

no one knows

where it goes

who it knows

Shut the door

1110“? llli‘l‘l UVCr 1110113

see the light

it's so bright

is it right? Marty Dillon

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Elton John

continued from 90

where he did just the album, cover to cover.

After Captain, Elton abruptly released Nigel
Olsson and Dee Murray from the band. and
replaced them with Caleb Quaye on guitar.
Roger Pope on drums (both from the very ear-
ly days). Kenny Passarelli on bass as well as
James Newton Howard on extra keyboards
and Ray Cooper on percussion. Actually. Ray
had been sitting in with Elton informally for
two years before. The change in line-up
changed the sound to a fuller. less personal
rock and roll band. The result was the second
album to ever enter the charts of number one.
new lilt singles. and the last big tour for a wan-
ing superstar.

Rock of the Westtes was the last big Elton
album. the last chapter In the novel of pure
superstardom, a trip that took Elton from poor
London to Beverly Hills. from obscurity to
permanence. from young and invigorated to
old and tired.

Critically it was bombed. commercially it
did well. Well enough for Elton's summer of
1076 tour to sell out seven nights at the
Garden. and similar figures all over the world.
'l'lironghout the shows. Elton was privately
miserable. publicly the same He was sick of
his life. sick of performing the same old songs.
sick of critical rejection. sick of being alone in
the world. sick of hiding his bisexuality. sick of
the entire scene he had caught himself tip in.

The last night of the Garden stand. August
17. 1976. Elton declared he would never play
live again. He is playing the Paladium tonight.

So he did cry wolf. but he did so justifiably
After the tour. he started getting his life
together again. Blue Mom's was released. but
the two record set had been recorded before
the tour. it was bombed critically. bombed
commercially. but Elton didn't seem to care It
was almost a relief.

Elton was free again at"! be started doing
things he wanted to do. not things he had to
do. He recorded some songs with 'l'lroni Bell
and the Spinners tti early 1977. he. played
soccer a lot. he got an unsuccessful hair
transplant. and he receded quickly into the
public's mind as a memory; a former star.

Musically. he wasn't heard from again until
October. 1978. when he released his first
record of new material in lWO years. A Single

Man. Gone were all musicians from early
years. Gone was producer Gus Dudgeon. anc'
strangest of all. gone was Bernie Taupin. the
man who was as much a part of the Elton
phenomena as the piano. The album was met
with terrible reviews. terrible sales. and it must
have effected Elton this time. After two years
away. he was itching for stardom again. He
decided to take those cuts with the Spinners
and release them. hence. "Mama Can't Buy
You Love". He decided to return to the road.
hence. the Russian concerts and the current
American stands. And strnnged of all. he
decided to release a pure disco album. Victim
of f.t)tit.’. wherein he simply sings,

Some call Elton pathetic. some have stuck
with him. it is clear that the rock business has
been good to him in some ways. tragic foi him
in others. These days. he has trotibkI finding
an appropriate audience. His older fans have
moved up grown up into their late ‘w-‘c‘ies
The pop fans are in college now and rarely
take out any of the superstar albums. New
fans? Apparently. there aren't many. and the
new disco album on one hand seems like a
desparate attempt to obtain a following again.
However. the concerts are meeting with sur~
prised success. Elton is only on piano with
some percussive backup. and he is doing
some of his older material that he never had

the chance to play before when the audience
demanded only singles. He doesn't play one
song off the new disco set. and tells his au~
dience that a new two record set will be out in
May.

A few years back. Elton. at this height. said
that he never wanted to be playing the same
old songs once he got into his thirties. He has
been quoted as saying that no one stays on
top for very long. and he knows that. Yet.
Elton SUt'iiiS to have cried wolf again on both
those statements. and the current tour of old
songs. with the new disco album presents a
paradox of a man who seems to still possess
the problems of not wanting to let go.

What history will make of lilton John is up
in tlie aii'. bttt what is certain is that despite
everything that's happened in the last ten
years. Elton John has made great littlslr". lle
may not have always made the right decisions.
but he Ivmtr' the right nrvtc"

lltI has often equated himself with Marilyn
Monroe. a tragic human being. in fact. looking
back. Bernie's lyrics seem all the more ap
propriate now: "And it seems to ine.you've
lived your life just like a candle iii the wind.
never knowing who to cltiig to when the rain
sets in..."

For lilton John. it's been raining since
l‘lfi‘l. —

 

  
  

i l

l 1. The Albany State defensive unit has jolted every opponent they have faced so far this season. Their
 .- greatest test Will come tomorrow against an offensively powerful Norwich Cadet squad.

 The Norwich

Cadets:
An ()ﬁensive
Time Bomb

by Mike Dunne

They boast the most profictent offense (Division 111) in
America. They’ve averaged 39.7 points in winning six of
seven starts while swamping opponents by an average
margin of 32 points.

They are the Norwich Cadets. and are a football team
to be reckoned with.

When Norwich invades University Field tomorrow
afternoon for the 1979 edition of the AlbanyNorwiCh
rivalry. it figures to again be a traditional battle of teams
with opposing strengths.

The Cadets lead the entire nation in three major
offensive categories: rushing yards with 398.3 per game,
total offense W 488.1 yards and scoring with 39.7.

Anxiously awaiting them will be a lightning quick Dane
defensive unit which has been consistent almost to the
point of being boring. They've allowed only 18 points in
five games (three shutouts) to place them second
nationally in that category.

The Norwich season thus far has paralleled Albany’s in
some respects. It began with a pair of games against
schools whose. football teams are having down years.
The Cadets. like. Albany. received outstanding defensive
efforts in winning both, allowing a stingy six points in
each contest.

it is on the offensive side of the ledger that the.

Similarities begin to end. continued on next page

 

the Cadet‘s outstanding halfback. would like. to be
Norwich contest. Williams has rushed for 617 yards in his

 

.. . .,....«Ca".;\‘oli’.‘£.'5- -

 

 

— no I. r

DanesSet '
To Defend

Playoff
Hopes ' .

by Paul Schwartz

ft is only the Albany State football team’s sixth game,
just barely past the midway point of their season.

it comes against a squad that has lost once, compared
to the Danes unscathed record.

It features a club that is ranked below Albany in the
least. and has been defeated by the Danes two years in a
row.

But it is more than an ordinary sixth game against a
team with one loss and an inferior ranking.

It is Albany vs. Norwich. The absolute defense vs. the
ultimate offense. The playoffs vs. elimination.

What tomorrow’s matchup at University Field has
become is a confrontation between the two leading
candidates for an NCAA Division III playoff bid. The
Danes post a 5-0 mark and a numbertour ranking in the
Lambert Bowl. a poll which indicates eastern
supremacy. Norwich stands at 6-1 and is the seventh-
rankcd team, and behind both the Danes and the Cadets
is Ithaca, a squad that has slumped to a 5-2 record and an
eighth place ranking. One of these teams will most
probably receive one of the two eastern bids to the
playoffs.

Since few squads with two setbacks ever advance to
post-season play. lthaca seems destined to remain borne
come playoff time, leaving tomorrow’s combatants in
Albany to battle for the lone spot.

continued on next page

in this position after the Albany-
iven games this season.

 

