 

 

._u . ra‘.

e... w”-

...~ “4.. ,1». \_.\.

 

 

 

 

. “limb-nave» as» Q. ‘

 

by Mark Rappaport
According. to statistics, only a small
percentage of the faculty population at

SUN YA reads the ASP. Ajsmaller percentage: ;
of the student population'readsmthis

newspaper. This article is not written for those
who read, rather for the non-readers. the
people who don't care. the apathetic.

We apathetic folk are obviously tlte subtle
majority. Why then are we ostracized,
ridiculed, and scorned by the main stream of
society? The reason is that we just don't care
enough to stand up at all. You may castigate
us apathetics for'our insensitivity. We don't
care; do what you want. we just don‘t want to
get involved.

How can you find an individual who
subscribes to the pandects of apathy? One of
the ways is to go to the scene of a tire and
watch for the person who leisurely walks out
ofthe burning building. This is sure to bethe
apathetic person. As you've probably realized.
we apathetics don‘t care a boot in hell if we use
trite expressions. You could beat an apathetic
person‘s sister, rape his dog. eat his breakfast.
put him in a cardboard boxand mail him to
Newark. N.J.rand he wouldn't bat an eye.
Apathetic persons don't buy school rings, tee-
shirts. raffle tickets. tax cards or anythingthat
in anyway would support the school. If you
are really interested in finding out who the
apathetic people are. gotothe Campus Center
and look through the chards that were never
picked up. Extra curricular activities do not

exist in the apathetics' handbook and you-

must be naively hopeful if you expect him to
show up at a school game. The mere mention
of student government would send an
apathetic into fits of frenzied disconcern.
Being a disinterested person. I have gone
through the painstaking labor of organizing
the Apathy Club. All apathetics can now be
united. This club has become the most
successful on campus because it does not
require its members to show up for meetings.
The more people we have absent from the
more meetings. the more members we have in
the club. The more members we have in the
club. the more successful the club is. ifunyone
does. however. show up for meetings are

obviously pseudo-apathetics. They are not
really interested in the apathetic cause, but
pretend not to care because they think it's the
.chic_thing to do.

Truly apathetic people are the people of the
future. They are the ones who will survive the
trials and tribulations of everyday life. To
illustrate this point, let me tell you about Mr.
Apathetic and Mr. Concerned and how they
each got what they deserved. Mr. Concerned
was walking down the street one day and came
upon a puny little person who was being
dismembered by a six foot seven inch, 350
pound amazon. Instead of ignoringthe whole
situation. Mr. Concerned stepped in to help
puny and subsequently got his own little face
smashed in. What had he gained by his
involvement? Nothing but trouble. Now take
the case of Mr. Apathetic. One day he was
walking down the street and he came upon a
similar situation. Instead of getting involved,
Mr. Apathetic looked the other way and
minded his own business. He kept his face
fully intact. Mr. Apathetic did the right thing.
It isn‘t worth all the trouble just to save some
puny guy's life!

The 605 were a time of social change and
political involvement. Now it's the 70's, and
that‘s all over with. (jetting involved isjust not
the way of today. Keep up with the times.
Become more apathetic towards anythingand
everything. Take the advice of your neighbors
in New York City. You may remember the

' little incident of a woman who was stabbed six

or seven different times during asingle night.
Her pursuer continued to come back time
after time to inflict more and more
punishment on the woman. The woman's
irritating screams of anguish woke up many of
the people in her large apartment building, but
fortunately no one called the police or
bothered to get involved. They did the right
thing and minded their own business. lfthey
had become involved they could have gotten
the murderer more annoyed and been hurt
themselves. No one wants that kind of
problem. it‘s important to avoid those kinds
of situations and be apathetic. Eight million
people can‘t be wrong.

 

 

 

  

‘I-zv gnmﬂéﬁm—

 

 

   
 

sass

 

 

FEIFFER

 

religlous’ 
freedom '

To the Editor: '  . H

As graduation approaches, ~l rf‘lndvlt.
necessary to make several parting comments
on the condition of life at this hallowed

 the tangent:

.e’

titular a... 'or that ad.

Firstly, I am outraged by the use of".

“Madison Avenue", techniques to sell religion
to the public. Using a full-page ad to spread
religion, as if it were no better titan the hues.
laundry detergent, is sacreligious.
Secondly. singling out Jews as the target of
i ‘ ensEless._ .Wouldn't it b.
'advaiitagEouii' "to 'i'foctts on atheists and
agnostics. and bring them into the fold of
relish)": “we'llhaﬂjﬁ’iﬂg lodiven members

 
 
 
 

 

institution. Over the past four years i haVFI; '1 "ohm"; migiqﬂ “other?

witnessed the gradual decline of this, the
university. Budget cuts. elimination Vof
department. increased student costs for
decreased services are only a few of the
indicators. I believe SUNYA has hit rock
bottom with the proposal for the elimination
of religious holidays. lread with great disgust
the article entitled “Classes Considered for
Religious Holidays“ appearingin the April l9
issue of the ASP. If this plan were to be
implemented freedom of worship would be
severely restricted. It is intolerable that a few
administrators should exercise such control
over student lives.

i take offense to the statement made by
Roman Catholic Chaplain Smith that “Jewish
students would be penalized more." As an
Orthodox Christian. Holy Thursday. Good
Friday. Holy Saturday. and Easter Sunday
are the most important holidays of the church
year. They are traditionally spent attending
services in church with family and friends.
Rev. Smith's statement is without basis in fact.
The truth is that all students who observe their
religion‘s holidays would suffer equally. As
the school calendar stands now. students at
least have the choice as to whether they desire
to worship of not. lfthe proposed changes are
implemented the student will have no choice
No one has the right to deny freedom of
choice. Implementation of this plan would

indeed be a step iii the wrong directionfw“ 

Robert Piwinski

thou shalt
not publicize

To the Editor:

An ad appeared in the April IS issue ofthc
.ISI' for the Albany Evangelical Christiansl
would like to make reference to three

k¥

Finally. the so-called proofs of Jesus as
Messiah, taken from the Bible. are \‘u distorted
they are— virtually meaningless. lhc twenty-
seco'nd Psalm is written as a pstr.nr ot‘despm
not adescription ofthe Messiner IIIe, Whym
the messianic prophecies of world peace and
brotherhood. ‘ which have not happened.
excluded?

To give the Biblical quolttltnll. but onh
reference the further proof on the part ol the
Christian Bible. is negligent. ln rrddrtron.the
presumption that these proofs are accurate
leads to the notion that the one to whom the
proof is being shown believes tn lilt‘ historical
accuracy of the Christian Bible.

I am in no way attacking cutngelnm,
Publicity. however. is one thing: to hnrd \‘t:||t.\
another. I urge the AEC to Hunt Nice the
next time they decide to advertm- tho wary.
Hopefully, religion can be lls tmn salesman.

Mrtrk I ('hnan

down in
the pits

To the Editor:

in the past. endorsements oi S-\ t‘.tlltilti.tlt‘\
by the ASP have been contrmemnl [her
ltave previously been based on l‘ililt>|I.t||l_\ .rnd
intelligence. This year‘s cndnl‘sclllt'lllx thnrlr
deviate from that tradition.

The ASI’ described Hand (mid .h
“ambitious. honest. and dcdnntctl".
responsible for “scwrul l.tr'I_L'th|t'
improvements. . .somelhtng that Ltlillltti he
said Iorthe other candidates". lln-\ Ilrt-rrntrtrrr
to say that it (iold became l’lthifl‘lli. \\
probably wouldn't be any dillctt-rrr III.III II o

 

 

 

that) I 915‘
CDVEW

  
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘Many Happy
Retums’ to
New York
State

page 2A

The MonOpoly Craze -
the times or just a passing fad?

Kingston sends

 

   
 
 
 
 
 

 

  

 

Manolo/2y Is a registered trademark of Parker
Bram. inc.

Is it a reﬂection of

 

 

   

