 

v in  in modern American'music..ﬂn 

‘w om. he has been acquainted were . ichael

‘ Tipped-and the late Be j'arhin Britten. V 

1,» Cepland‘s own ni ic‘spans theg‘spectruim frorri

. atonality‘to’schmaltz. comprising ballet settings. film

y ' r scores. drama. chamber works, songs and symphonies.

 Cppland,-in speaking to a Union' College audience
but month.‘emphasized the‘ impgr‘tanee of taking
music seriously. He compared the art of listening-to

those of reading or of 'viewing paintings. all of which.

modern ﬁneration to gain recognition. \' '1

require concentration. Serious music is not meant to'be =

listened to only as an accompaniment for other’ac-l '
tivities. “Composers.” remarked Copland,’“don't like
that at all!" 1 ‘ -'

Aaron Copland was born in the magic year of 
l-lis lifespan bears witness to the growth of modern
music as a separate entity. evolving through numerous
stages. Stravinsky was the musical idol of his youth.at
once rebellious and yet conciliatory towards the"
bygone romantic era. .

Copland and his contemporaries resolved to gain‘
their proper share of world attention. hoping to raise
the reputation of American concert music to the level '
already achieved by American jazz.

At a press conference following his lecture. Copland
described his relationship with another famous
American composer. George Gershwin: “We Were liv-
ing in two different worlds. He was really in the jazz
and popular world and l was in the concert world. We

Gas Shortage a Hoax?

By MITCHELL COHEN

The scene is New Jersey. The year. I977. the season.
winter.'the coldest on record. The Law: all businesses.
churches. and recreational facilities must cut their ther-
mostats down to 50 degrees. (New York Times.
I/29/77). Police ride tlteir squad cars through the
streets broadcasting maximum temperature
allowances of 65 degrees to residents.

In Ohio thousands are laid off their jobs as in-
dustries are shut down. The claim: Too cold. not
enough gas. In Harlem. ABC News reports apartments
of people found dead. frotcn to death. Appalachia—
the same. .lamcs Schlesinger. President Carter‘s
Energy chief. “told Congress today that natural gas
deliveries to homes in some states might be cut off. . .
in a l'cw days.“ (N.Y. Times. l/29/77). The risk of in-
terruption appeared greates. according to the Times. in
Pennsylvania. Delaware. and possibly Ohio.

Back in January President Carter introduced a bill
in Congress that would allow the giant oil companies
to sell gas across state lines at unregulated prices for up

,His'best efforts'ﬁhieve an authentically American
sound. earning him the title “dean of American com-
posers”. ’ ‘-

» Appalachian Spring. possibly his best known work,
was composed in l944 as an accompaniment for a
production by Martha Graham‘s School of Dancers.
Ms. Graham gave the ballet suite its name. deriving

‘ this‘from the title of a poem by Hart Crane.

A’ fact that has given Copland much satisfaction is
the translation into German of his book. What to
Listen For in Music. “At last“. he quips, “we're telling
the Germans how to do it."

Currently he occupies himself as conduetor and lec-
turer. He ﬁnds it exciting to conduct his own music.
and regrets not having started conducting earlier than
he did.

Copland acknowledges that it is virtually impossible
for a serious composer to earn a living from his music.
He made his own way by writing. teaching. and perfor-
ming on the piano. '

Responding to a reporter‘s question. Copland could
find no simple explanation for the extreme rarity of
female composers. He pointed out that men and
women today have equal opportunities to study com-
position. and that many fine female singers and per-

 

 

 

formers are in evidence. The'only speculation he put
forward was the possible inability on the part of
women to handle “the long forms" of music.

His major concern today is with ths conservative at-
titude of the listening public. The dearth of recordings
of American composers he asserts. can be attributed to
a hesitancy to accept any form of novelty in music.

The portrait reproduced with this article was drawn
from a photograph made during Copland‘s February
visit to Schenectady. It reveals a man. honored as one
of the world‘s foremost living composers. maintaining
a simplicity of style and outlooks. When asked what
forms of recreation he enjoyed at his home in (‘roton-
on-Hudson. he responded:“l like to walk. read. see in)
friends." At the age of 76. Aaron Copland‘s stated am-
bition is "to live as long as possible."

 

‘ ENYPIRG Barnes
l  Those Nasty  

 

up to 150 days; currently. this gas is
regulated at a ceiling price of $l.42 per
thousand cubic feet atthe well head. Exx-
on. the largest natural gas producer in the
United States. has already recorded a
$680 million profit for the last quarter of
I976 alone. Deregulatitm of gas prices
would. at the very least. double the profits
ofthe oil giants. at theexpense ofthe peo-

 

 

 

ple. -

Shift the scene. for a moment. back to New York.
The same week that the President called for deregula-
tion of gas prices. Con Edison. New York‘s energy
giant. upped the dividend paid to its stockholders by 25
percent. A_t the same time. Con Ed demanded a $250

million rate increase. to fall mainly on working people. .

unemployed. attd small home-owners. who have to pay
more kilowatthour than the incredibly wealthy cor-
porate interests who already own most of Con Ed‘s
stock.

The gas crisis is a hoax. We are being held hostage by

giant energy corporations. who want the price ol

natural gas. which is comparatively cheap to prod ucc.
to rise. So they withold gas from sales across state “"0
($1.42 per thousand cubic feet). and sell it within lltc
state in which it is produced at $2.25 per thousand
cubic feet. ’l'hcrc‘s nothing very profound or com-
plicated about the whole deal. although the gmctn—
ment and the companies have done their best to
mystify us concerning what is really going on. Since at-
nccd heat in this cold winter. we are hostages. forced to

continued on page .iu

 

come Pﬂlfl'l' THE TOWfl

art,dratting.graphic art supplies

 cone to

MIDDLE EARTH

9 amslz pm on weekdays

24 hours a day on weekends

, 7-5300 .

COUGHTRY’S

268 Central Ave. Albany
463-2192

I-l' I-J [Ill/Ii: Ill .9 517 9-5

tl‘ r. u at .l .- mm. “my in wanton.”
muttniuiuotwt I-

 

 

CAPITAL DISTRICT
LSAT REVIEW

'Our materials are updated to match
format of most recent LSAT

Timing and effective test taking
techniques stressed '

'28 hours of class time plus extensive
reference materials

'Practice exam under simulated test
conditions

First Class: Thursday. March It). 1977 o:30—l0:30 pm.
location: Albany Thruway House (Washington Ave.
opposite SUNY) '

For further information: Phone 438-0460, or write
l.SAT Review Course 1108 Madison Ave.,

COURSE

 

 

 

 

' mansiswbam mass
seam carapace ammo.

Albany 12208

 

By anxioixiiiAiV’rv . ‘

With the help of the\ New York Public Interest 3
Research Group (NYPIRG). the check for“‘rcdlining" :

by state chartered banks in the Albany area will soon
the completed. ‘

“Redlining” occurs when banks discourage granting
mortgages or home improvement loansf'in' a specific
area regardlessof a person‘s credit-worthiness or the
soundness of;thc property. A pattern "has. developed
whereby drained wealth from itiner.1cities are showing
up in more affluent areas.  I I

The reasoning behind a bank‘s decision to “redline”
a particular neighborhood or district is still unclear.
Nancy Burton. a graduate student. has investigated ten
banks in Albany and suggests that bank loans
involving “big solid profitable mortgages." are more
readily made than those involving smaller ones.

According to Ms. Burton. the service charge for one
big loan is equal to that of a combination of smaller
loans but with a lot_ less work. ,

Areas in downtown Albany have been continually
deteriorating. and local banks have neglected the need
ol the region by investingoutsidc ol'it. Ms. Burton said
that ‘Tring areas“ or surrounding neighborhoods
working as buffer 70llC§ are also beginning to be
dcinvcstcd.

Ms. Burton pointed out that the average amount of
money invested per person by banks for mortgage
loans in Colonic is $6.000 as compared to the inner part
of Albany where the figure is $2.250.

NY PIRG will also try to determine the assets ofthe
banks and distinguish what percentage is being

Neighborhoods in downtown Albany have been continually, deteriorating due to “redllnlng
practices by stale-chartered banks. "

reinvested back into the community.

Karen Larc. project coordinator of NYl’lRG‘s
SUNYA chapter. stated that NYPIRG would examine
any discriminatory practices in age. race. or sex by the
banks. A relationship between minorities who applied
fora mortgage or loan and those who actually received
one will be observed.

NY Pl RG's “rcdlining“study conducted in Brooklyn
discovered that financial institutions there
discriminated against certain sections due to race. All
of the seven banks investigated granted fewer
mortgages to predominantly black and 'hispanic
neighborhoods in the north that to the white ones in
the southern third part of lirooklyn.

Ms. liurton stated that a race correlation does exist
in Albany. but whether banks are purposely
discriminating or ‘whcthcr they are investing to

mttximi‘le profits should also be distiﬁguished.'She
remarked. though. that either way their “response is
not serving the community“ and that they will have to
“re-examine their priorities." I ‘

The ten banks that have already been researched
disclosed data using census tracts. There are 58 tracts
in Albany county. each containing 4.000 people. The
five banks not yet studied have areas sectioned off by
zip codes. NYl’lRO. under Karen Lare’s supervision.
will collect the data from the remaining banks and put
them into terms comparable to those of the census
tract.  A .

New Yurk State does not have any laws regulating
“rcdlining” but a few key legislators are interested in the
issue. It is hopeful that Ms. Burton‘sfindings.togcther
with lltejoint effort by NYl’lR(i.will influence Albany
area legislators in passage of a bill.

Behind the Closed Door

By ELLIOT SCHER

The Quad Judicial System. examined in the light of
its conceptual and structural components. must
certainly be appraised as a perfect specimen of
democratic decision-making. On paper. it may be
characterized as a body/of student government in
which power is evenly distributed. and decisions are
equitably rendered. llowever. theory and reality are
not always congruent. and in this case. the two must be
differentiated. An empirical examination of the quad
judicial system in actual. day-to—day operation may
cast doubts on real effectiveness.

licforc an accurate assessment of the plusses and
minuses of the quad judicial system can be made. it is
necessary to have a complete understanding of how the
system works. if a person wishes to bringa case to the
Quad Judicial Committee. he begins by getting intouch
with the QJC advisor who gives the student the
necessary forms. The forms are filled out and returned
to the advisor who then schedules a date for the
student‘s hearing.

At the hearing. the QJC listens to all relevant
witnesses of both sides. Again. specific procedural
details vary among the Quads but one distinction is

constant. l‘hc hearing is only an examination of the «

facts. As a QJC board membcrexplained,“mostofthe
hearings are concerned with finding out just how
severe a person‘s violation is rather than whether or not
he is actually guilty“. The board simply listens to
statements and responses of both parties involved. asks
questions itself. if it so desires. and renders its decision.
(Under rare circumstances, the committee may be
unable to make a decision. In this case. the matter is
usually decided by the Assistant Dean for Student
Affairs.)

In actuality. the decision of the QJC is only a
recommendation for action. Before it is enforced it
must first be approved by Henry Kirchner. Assistant
Dean for Student Affairs. Mr. Kirchner reads a
summary ofthejudges deliberations (ora summary of
the hearing or both) and then decides whether or not
the committee's recommendation should be taken. if
he agrees. the student is notified. in writing. ofthe final
decision. If he disagrees. the case is sent back to the
QJC with a request for “more information. more

Editor's Note: This is the second in a series of articles

 

(Ln the SUN YA quad judicial committees.

MARCH 4. 1977

 

 

 

 

justification and a further explanatiouofthe matter.“

The recommendations made by the QJC can vary
considerably. Some actions are purely verbal in nature.
These usually involve telling the student that while they
think his behavior was wrong. no officialaction will be
taken. However. a record ofthe infraction is always left
with the QJC. This information is used only if the
student is referred to the board fora second violation.

Official actions vary from disciplinary warning to
disciplinary dismissal which Mr. Kirchner assured me
is “virtually never used". The main difference between
unofficial and official actions is that while the former
are never entered on a student's permanent record. the
latter almost always are. Thus. the system is well
equipped to deal out harsh punishment if the need for
such punishment should arise.

Ofcourse. not even the decisions of Mr. Kirchner are
100% final. There is always that world famous last gas
on the lhruway. the appeal. Either party has the right
to appeal. To file an appeal. the person writesdown the
reason he thinks the original hearing was unfair and
submits it to Mr. Kirchner. who forwards it to the
Committee on Student Conduct. the organization in
charge of handling official action appeals. The
committee will read the statement and either make a
decision after the reading. orwill request that another

ALBANY s'runna‘rr PRESS

hearing be held. In either case. a recommendation to
the Office of the Dean of Student Affairs is again made
and the original process is repeated.

In many cases. a student cannot decide whether to
refer someone to the judicial board or to campus
security. However. as I learned from Mr. Kirchner.
there is nothing to stop a student from traveling both
routes. When asked which route he felt was best. he
replied “it depends on what you want toaccomplish“.

He explained that while the normal criminaljusticc
system may involve high lawyer‘s fees and a large part
of the student‘s titnc. the campus judicial system is
more of an “educational process". He encourages
students to consider both alternatives before making a
decision.

On paper. the quad judicial system is flawless. No
one body has too much power and the checks and
balances system between QJC. Mr. Kirchner and the
process of appealing keeps everything moving
smoothly. Unfortunately though. there are a number
of details in this paper-perfect system that stand on
Vinny sh‘aky ground and have the potential to turn the
entire process into a farce if not reinforced.

Onc'major problem is that many ofthe students who
apply for seats on the QJC do so primarily for reasons
other than helping the judicial system work. These
include good recommendations to law school. prestige
among friends and pure ego building. among others.
The result of this is a board which is becoming more
and more disinterested and apathetic. As one board
member explained. “most of the time I really make an
effort to vote fairly but there are occasions where I
can‘t say I put out |00%“.

In an interview with Miss Sue Pierce. Associate
Director of Residences and a person who plays a large
role in the quad judicial syStem. a similar opinion was
also heard. “I think there are people who havejust been
disinterested. They apply for a variety of reasons. be it
personal or for law school and don‘t give out a
maximum effort." When asked for a suggestion on
how this problem might be remedied. she responded by'
saying “a more responsible breed of students would
help." Indeed, l agree with Miss Pierce in that a “more’ ’
responsible breed“ would deﬁnitely be a step in the
right direction. Another suggestion might be for more
careful supervision of the interviews for judgeship
seats. In this way. candidates with ulterior motives for _’

continued on page “of ,.

 “all”;

non sit

 

 

 

