itinoron AVE .
l1);,3uil?~ll.hllai~lli\it4'll ‘ i

 

and performed by

 

 

 

lift car-tier In tari-
itittiiiut law school.

What can you do with only a bachelor’s degree?

' Now there Is a way to bridge the gap between an
undergraduate education and a challenging. responsible
career. The Lawyer's Assistant is able to do work tradi-
tionally done by lawyers. .

. Three months of intensive training can give you the
skills—the courses are taught by lawyers. You choose
one of the seven courses offered—choose the city In
which you want to work.

Since 1970. The institute for Paralegal Training has
placed more than 2.000 graduates in law firms. banks.
and corporations in over 80 cities.

it. you are a senior of high academic standing and are
interested in a career as a Lawyer‘s Assistant, we'd like
to‘meet you.

Contact your placement otllce for an interview with our
. representative.

' III.

weouesoAv, NOVEMBER 2

The Institute for
Paralegal Training

235 South 17th Street. Philadelphia. Pennsylvania 19103
(21 732—6600
Operated by Para-Legal. Inc.

 

 

 

 

it you an- an undergraduate physicist. chemist. chemical engineer or
biochemist in t iiL‘ bcgining of your senior year. it may have occurred to
you that decisions made in the next few months concerning
crriploymcnt or graduate school are going to affect your ultimate
tuiarc to no tinccrtaiii degree. liach ol the aforementioned disciplines
has been producing gradtiatc students who are applying to vcy
competititcyob markets. At the same time. thercare manyopcningsin
broad and highly rclcyant iiclds \\liiL'li are related to the conventional
sciences. Air inteicsliriv question is then Iiow cart the graduate
trnrislate his backroirrid to maximum employment and career
clieclitencss’.‘

Analysis ol industrial research and academic needs indicates a
mismatch beliiccn conicntronal training. andjob opportunities in the
Ircld of rmrcromolceiilcs. It has becncstinartcd ilrat more than (it) per
cent ol chemical industry deals with syntltetic macromolecules -
polymers or plastics. Approaches to these polymers require organic
synthesis. physical chemistry and solid state physics applied to
rtiiicromuleciilar science. ycl niairy departments barely mention such
topics. Similarly. the food industry (and many others) deal beavin
“ﬁll the structure and properties of biological macromolecules. e.g.
proticns. carbohydrates and their assembly. yet agriin very few
chemists or hiochcnrists have tiie background in macromolecular
science to handle such problems. In addition. medical science. dealing
as it does with biological structure mid disease. heavily invoivcs
biological macromolecules. particularly proticns. 'l).N.A'.and related
nucleic acids.

Where then can one obtain the background necessary to develop a
career in the abch interdisciplinary areas'.’ The Department of
Macromolecular Science at Case Wcstcrn Reserve University. with
rich over one hundred faculty and students. has pioneered the
broadening ol student skills in thclicld of macromolecules. mid has. iii
the process. established a noteworthy international reputation. Not
only is the Department equipped with the most sophisticated
instrumentation. it has cxicrisivc lacilitics Iorsynthcsisand biomedical
research. Sonic ol tiic major interdisciplinary programs include
studies in high pcilormrincc composite materials. aging research.
connective tissiic and artiﬁcial heart programs. all addressed front the
iiiolcctiim or stipcriiioiccular point ol view. In addition. a new
M.l)., l’li.l). program is being initiated. ll yoit are interested in
broadening your training in graduate school. contact: l’rof. Walton.
licpr. ol Macroinolrxiilnr Scicricc. ('risc Western Reserve University.
('lcyclrind. (lliio 44”")

 

 

 

1'0Hllﬂugrlﬂ0lﬁ prize» one ‘ i ' . 
-“Tli'c contract betwecanSEA and _.
the State tiikcs that issue out of the
'lttilldll ofjthc campus.”  v ' _
The contract proposal has been '
 sent .to'CDTA rind the administras
"tion said a written'rcsponsc to the

contract isdue sometime today iio ; ,

that it can be discussed. at the
meeting between CDTA and the
SUNYA Bus Committee on Oct. 27.

The protest continued in a lighter
vein in the Campus Center l’atroon
Room where u "Lunch-In" was held
at “:00 am. - '

Student Senator Warren
(.ioldcnberg organized the proceeding
and was master of ceremonies. The
activities began'with a sting. written
(ioldenberg
denouncing the CI) I‘A proposal as a
"Iludgct iii the Wind.“

A rriock \icdding ol Hartigan with
lit)“ Ioiloitcd with an economics
text used as the lliblc.

An awards ceremony then follow-
cd with such awards like it CI)I'A
season bus pass along with a knit hat
for the time spent in the cold waiting
tor a Cl) l A btis. and a picceoi‘toilet
paper representing a copy of the
CDT A contract being given.
(ioldbcrg then announced that
"'I buy very piece of paper was used
to wipe John Hartigan‘s. . . nose."

Alter another speech by .larocki
SU M organizer Bruce Cronin spoke
of a meeting with Hartigan. "He's
really a friendly guy before he stabs
you in the back. He kept bringing up
lone one service trying to buy
students on the lone one proposal.
When I asked him about the bus
drivers he just Ircdgcd around the
question mid didn't even mention
them. Hartigan is not for students.
only linancial considerations.“

Hus driver Chuck Williman
alerted all who attended to tile
possibility til a strike by Cl)l'A
ctttployecs. "the ("DI A bus dri
evcrs‘ coritrrict is tip arid the
employees are now at an iinpass with
Cl)'lA. lirey‘ may go out on strike
and that‘s the worst thing that could
happen to this University" he said.

Alter another song. the group
shouted "CIHA NO WAY!"
Another award ceremony named
Hartigan winner oi Ilic SUNYA
"phony awards."

(ioldcnberg took the stand once
again and asked tor “John” (liar-
iignnltocomc speak. llartigan.who
was standing iii the hallway adjacent
tolhc l’alroon Ronni. promptlylclt.
(ioldberg thcn auctioned off Har-
tigan‘s phone number to prepare the
audience for the three hours of
phone calling to ensue after the
assembly.

I’hones started ringingat lp.in. in
the Administration Building as
students called in questioning about
CD'lAtotic upadministrationlines.
According to SUM organi/ing com-

mittee member I'ito Martinez. over.

200 students were active in the
telephone marathon.

According to one sccrctary in the
administration building the day was
"hectic." She said. "It was really a
waste ol the taxpayers money. I
couldn't get any work done."

Later in the afternoon a student.
Peter l.oher. sporting an orangc
Cl)lA No-Way l'-shirt par ‘ .‘d signs
on the first ﬂoor of "v u‘ministra-
that building bearing r same
slogan.

l‘tirthcr negotiations with CDTA
will take place during the incclitig
scheduled for Thursday. Oct. 27.

Save Jon Lalayettet
Write and send your letters to
the zlSl', CC329 today!

Skyjackerbomende Money and Lover

ATLANTA (AP) A hijacker who demanded $3 million and the release of his
homosexual lover from an Atlanta jail held l5hostages Thursday in a
Frontier Airlines jet that he commandeered in Nebraska and forced to ﬂy
here. The hijacker. who carried a sawed-off shotgun. released I8 other
hostages. The FBI identiﬁed the sky pirate as Thomas Hannan. 29. of Grand
Island. Ncb. He was described as “very calm, very cool." The case was
reminiscent of a New York bank robbery ﬁve years ago. the inspiration for
the ﬁlm “Dog Day Afternoon.” from which John Wojtowicz hoped to
ﬁnance sex change surgery for his transvestite “wife.” Wojtowicr was
captured. convicted and remains in prison.

Pilots In Favor of Worldwide Strike

HONG KONG (Al’) The hit-nation International Federation of Air Iinc
Pilots Associations ll-‘AI.I'A says many of its 55.000 members are in famr oi
a 48-hour worldwide airline strike unless the United Nations convenes it
session to discuss anti-hijacking measures. The response of the IFAI I’A
members was prompted by the murder of Jergcn Schumann. captain ol the
West German Lufthansa Airlines jet that was seized by four‘lcrrorists otcr
southern liuropc last week and flown 6.000 miles before its passengers “ire
freed in a commando-style action early Tuesday. Such a strike would hall
airline operations worldwide mid would strand millions of travelers.

South Atrican Crackdown on Blacks Stirs Trouble
JOIIANNESBURG. South Africa (Al’) Police gunﬁre wounded a black
youth Thursday as disturbances and protests flared across South Africa
following the government‘s crackdown on the black press and black protest
movements and leaders. liven Afrikaancr academics joined the ytrdt-
condemnation of the government by opposition whites and the opposition
press. Some warned the country is becoming a police state beaded l0Wilt‘ds
bloody racial conﬂict. In its toughest attion since the early l96tls. South
Africa‘s white government on Wednesday banned virtually all signiﬁcant
black organi/ations. closed the two principal black newspapers. detained
more than 50 prominent blacks and slapped restriction orders on scicn
whites.

With Winter’s Blast, Fuel. Oilstyould-Last .
WASIIING'I‘ON‘MI’I New encrgysupply surycys-indicatethe'nation Ctlliiti
get through even a severe winterthis year without thccxiensivc'plant closings
and layoffs that hit last winter. An Energy Department survey shorts lliL'
nation should havc enough fuel oil this winter to make up for CXPL‘Clt'ti
shortages of natural gas. even if the \v other is severe. At the same time. lilt
staff of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission reported there may by
more natural gas available for cnicrgcitcy purchases this winter than Lisi

New York Nurses Approve Strike Policy

ALBANY. NY. (AP) The association representing 25.000nurscsin t he stoic
has voted to approve strik igainst private hospitals and nursing homes
under certain conditions. The New York State Nurses Association
annotrrrccd lhiirsday it has rescinded its "no strike“ policy in favor oi one
called “policy to assure quality nursing card." Under state law. lIllIsL‘s
cnrploycd by state or local governments. such as in municipal hospitals or
nursing homes. nurses cannot legally strike.

Intensive Hunt for Schieyer’s Killers

BONN. West Germany [Al’l l’olivc iii Germany and l‘TtlilCL‘ laiinclicd .i
massivu hunt l'hirrsday tor tcn women and six men sought in the kidnap
slaying of top (icrmrin industrialist I'lanns-Martin Sclilcyer. l’rolcsis in
sympathi/crs of (icrman terrorists exploded across Europe for the sccoriri
day. I’rcnch police. rcinlorced by 500 anti-terrorist specialists. combed lltL'
Alsace region of eastern l'rancc near tltc border town of M ulhousc vrlicrciiic
body ol'thc (32-year-old Schcyer was found Wednesday stuffed in the it not oi
a (icrmnn sedan. He had been shot in the head. German police also near Illlii
the predominantly German-speaking region to distribute liandbrlis \tllli
pictures and descriptions of the suspects.

Cleveland’s Schools May Close

CLEVELANDIAI’) l'hcfedcralcourtsaystostayopcn. lhe statclcgrslaiiiin
says to close al'tcr this week. And I l2.000studcntsin Cleveland‘s financiniit
pressed schools are trapped in the middle. As classes were ending I irursd.i\
the city's public school st udcnts had no idea whether they would be rcpoiiliii'
to school next week. The reason is a fiscal crisis intlic schools here. It “as not
expected. and its roots are knotted in a tanglctirat will be difficult to Unite

Storm Weather Hurts Crops

SYRM'I Sb. NJ’. (Al’) Crop damages from rccertt heavy rains in iipsi-ih
New York could exceed $ltl0 million. according to state Agiicolrnn
Commissioner .l. Roger Barber. who was here Thursday forllic second day
ol emergency-aid meetings with local. state and federal officials. iiiti'iicr soul
tcrr rain-soaked countries rcportirtg total crop losses of $63.7 million \\iIIi
preliminary approval for designation by lJ.S. Agriculture Seci'clziry iiob
llcrgland as agricultural disastcr‘ areas. that would allow larrncrs iniiit-oir-i
toapplyl'or‘ special. low-interest loans. Hill Barber said that as many .is l."lll
rnor'c counties might apply lor the three per cent interest rate icdciai lootix
and crop lossed in those counties remain unknown.

 

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

OCTOBER 21. 1977

 

 

 

by Matthew Cox .

_ Students and the management of '
the Country Squire Motel reached
agreement Tuesday on} ways of
resolving complaints listed in it peti?
tion‘drawn up bystudcnt residents.

Two areas ivltereagrcemcnt has
yet to be reached. according to
meeting participants. involve them
Weekend scheduling of van transpor-
tation and the lack of incoming
telephone service at night.

Five student residents of the
motel. three representatives from the
Off—Campus Association. and two
housing administrators made up a
committee which met with the motel -
staff Tuesday night. The committee
was formed as a result of a petition
submitted to the motel management
two weeks ago.

Students have complained that
agreements made by the motel either
verbally orin t heir housing contracts
have been broken.

Agreements reached at Tuesday‘s
meeting include concessions by the
motel to construct a shelter for
studenis waiting for early morning
transportation to campus; to offer a
meal plan after Nov. I if there is suf-

. ﬁcicnt student interest: and to keep

outside lights turned on all night on
weekends.

In addition. students may now

choose between paying fortranspor-
tation monthly. or at 25¢ a ride.
Students have complained that the
charge for individual trips was
costing them morethan the Sl5.00 a
month originally agreed to by the
motel.
‘ Off-Campus Association Presi-
dent John Kennedy. a member of the
committee. said a ﬁre alarm system
and additional ﬁre extinguishers
may be purchased by the motel. The
motel agreed Tuesday to post the
locations of all ﬁre extinguishers
presently owned. he said.

UNIVERSIV more smice

Dean tor student Altair: Neil Brown Iupporte the granting of ottlce
space on the downtown campus to members of the Gay Alliance.

ASP Bids to Own SA

by Lee Anti Folk

An Albany Student Press bid for
ownership of the SA-owncd
phototypcsctting machines was
altered to Central Council Wednes-
day night. the machines have been
used by the ASI‘ since they were
bought by SA the years ago. The
paper wrislundcd by SA at that time.

in rettirii lor receiving the
machines for one dollar. the ASP
proposal would oll'er SA groups ad
rates oI one—third the paper‘s normal
rate. it would also offer special rates
to SA groups lor composition. and
student input on the ASI’ Board of
Directors. I

lhc ownership of the machines
has been an issue since the paper
began its move towards indepen-
dence three years ago.

"Ownership of the machines will
insure that the last ties between the
student government mid the student
newspaper are severed.“ said ASI’
Editor-in-Chief Spence Raggio. “We
can‘t be truly independent until we
are completely separate from SA."

Until this year. discussion as to the
stat as ol'thc machines was limited to
meeting between the editors of the
.It .S‘I‘ and the various SA executives.

OCTOBER 21, 1977

This Wednesday may be the ﬁrst
time a proposal has been voted on by
Central Council. It hasalrcady been
discussed on many oecaisions this
year by ASP editors and the SA
brass.

There was no ﬁrm opinion as to
whether or not the deal would be
accepted by Central Council.

Council Chairman Mikc Lissner
said "SA now has access to the
machines. should it ever decide to
print its own paper. We also don‘t
want to set a precedent of giving
away equipment bought with stu-
dent tax money to independent
groups.”

The machines themselves are "old.
decrepit. arid in need of replace-
ment" according to managing Editor
Jonathan Hodges. “They should be
sold while they still have resale
value." Hodges added that the dis~
count rate for advertising lliat the
ASP offers to SA and its groups save
SA in two years amount equivalent
to the cost oftlic new macliincryihat
the ASP needs.

The ASPis providing a service to
SA and to students. according to
Hodges. “We provide a newspaper
free on campus, and do the same job

' v Motel Manager Eddie Uns'er said i

he told students at the meeting her
would provide with a statement in-
dicating whether‘ or not security

deposits were being held separately' .,

from the motel‘s operating funds.

“The main concern there is that
there is not mingling of funds.“
Kennedy said. Students Want
assurance that their security deposits
won‘t be spent l'or maintcncncc ex-
penditurcs. Kennedy said.

Unscr said he also iii considering
making additional changes in the
schedule of van trips to campus if
students indicate that such a change
might improve service.

Fifty-one SUNYA students are
currently housed at the motel.
located about eight miles from cam-
pus on Western Ave. in Guildcrland.
Transportation has been a major
problem for students without cars. A
van service runs tcn timesa day at in-
Icrvals of every two hours.

Ott-Campul ‘  :‘ ”

3..
U IMAIKSAIS

 

ﬁleememberote

committee designed to receive comptdnte by studente living In the
Country Squire Motel which were presented through signed petitions.

Gay Alliance Wants Draper Office

by Nancy (.‘Icason

Members ol the SUNYA (iay
Alliance have made a reqticsi to
Dean for Student Affairs Ncil
Brown for ofﬁce space on the down—
town campus in Draper Hall.

According to a spokesman for the
(lay Alliance. the group wants office
space downtown as opposed to on
thc main campus "so that gay per-
sons won‘t have to contend with the
tear and insecurity some gays ex-
perience when they attend the
Alliance‘s meetings in the Campus
Center."

At present. the Alliance does not
have any office space on campus.

Hrown called a meeting Wednes—
day with a Gay Alliance rcprcscn~
tativc "very productive." He said he
was making a rceonimcirdation to
the oilicc of Vice President for Un-
vicrsity Allairs Lewis Wcich that the
request for space be granted.

Brown said he was “positively dis-
posed to the granting of office space
to the group." “There is flexibility
with space downtown." he said.

The Gay Alliance spokesman said
a downtown location would be easily
accessible to the SUNYA gay corti-
munity. yct would be far enouin
away to reduce some ol’tbc intimida-

Machines

is if we were still SA funded.

SA President Dave Gold said. “It‘s
a good idea the the ASPis indepen-
dent. lt is a ﬁne paper and a credit.
the university.

tion gays are subject to by non-gays
on campus.

"All we‘re asking ltil‘tll‘t.‘ four walls
and a phone.“ said the spokesman.
He said the ofﬁce would mainly coit-
ccrn itscll witii the problems and in»
tcrcsts oi gay students at SUNYA
rather than with the entire gay corri-
niuriity in the Albany area. the tiny
Community Center in Albany
currently provides those services. Iic
said. and acts as an outreach post to
the gay community at large.

“Our office would provide air out-
reach post lor gays on campus. es-

pccially those who are just coming
out. 'l he oilicc would be staffed by
persons qualified to answer
questions and handle problems fac-
ing gay persons“ the spokesman
said. The oilicc would also servcas a
centcrlor disseminating information
about activities. events and other
news concerning gay persons. be
said.

Brown said it might be possiblcto
grant space to the group for the rest
’of the year on an experimental basis.
pending review next year and a ﬁnal
determination. -'I

Protesters Call Pageant
Sexist and Degrading

by‘ Jim O'Rourke «

The SUNYA Pep Band sponsored
the First Annual Homecoming
Queen Pageant in the Campus
Center Ballroom last night. in the
midst of a demonstration by
protestors who called the pageant
“sexist and degrading to women."

About 40 persons gathered out-
side the Campus Center Ballroom as
the pageant began. carrying signs and
leallcts protesting the contest. Tova
Stcben. one of the protestors. said
the pageant‘s sponsors didn‘t take
the issue of the exploitation of
women seriously.

l’hil Mussman. treasurer of the
Pep Band. said the purpose of the
pageant was to stimulate school
spirit. He said the protestors took
the pageant too seriously.

IOANK IUMKO'F

ASP ll seeking to buy SA—owned machines it one In ﬁdduetlon. The
machines were tint bought when ASP woe lunded by BA.

ALBAN Y STUDENT PRESS

' lnsidc‘thc biillroom two judges
were picked from the audience to
complete a panel often. and the Pep
Band began playing “Pictures at an
Exhibition."

The demonstrators outside
entered the ballroom. waving signs
as they crossed the ﬂoor.

Connie Van Alstinc of Colonial
Quad was chosen as the winner of
the pageant. and Kathy Simpson
runner-up after two rounds ol'jtidg—
ing. Mussman. who acted as cmccc.
called for a hand for the winners.
whom he termed “the girls." Some-
one in the crowd shouted “women!”

The demonstrators again grouped
in front of the doors as the pageant
ended. and the depaitiirg audience
wuvcthroughthcmoiithcir way out.

Some arguments ensued. and a
brief pushing match broke out
between a female demonstrator and
a man leaving the ballroom.

Students who itad attended the
pageant said to demonstrators on
the way out that the women had
entered the contest ol'tltcir own free
will.

l’rotcstors replied that women are
usuallyjudgcd by appearance alone.
and that a homecoming pageant
contributed to sexism oftbis nature.

The split in student opinion seems
to have gone allthc waytotbctopoi
thc SA government. SA President
David Gold was scheduled to be a
judge at the contest. and said
beforehand that it should be taken
“all in fun.“ He was outside the
ballroom before the pageant began.
but left by the time it started.

SA Vice-President Kathy Baron
said she hoped this would be the last
SUNYA Homecoming Queen
Pageant. and that she wouldn‘t like
to leave the school knowing that the
pageant had become an annual
event.

PAGE THREE

 

