   

 
 
  

oper. or nature myth, as dig. than embarrassment.) Hera tried. wit u
‘ froma‘foiittale or legend, is uuually success, to prevent tiie birthof Heracles and of
act I ,in nature.«lt attempts to explain; his twin brother lphicles. When the boys w
natural phenOmenon, such as the alternation about eight months old. Hera placed two,
'of night, and day, thechange of s‘easons, the serpents inthelrchamber one night. but the in-
color of- a fruit. prominent features of a font Heracles strangled'them both. and Herb
landscape. .or the origin of a star or constella- hopes for “n early death or “moles were dil-
tion. The explanation is generally in terms of QPPOintcd (The C/mlt'ﬂl Forum April 25.
divine action. so that a nature myth becomes '975l- . -
also a divine myth. Among such nature myths In View 0“ "era's deCidCdly unfriendly 3"
one accounts for"!!! origin ofrhe Milky way, titude towards Heracles it is difficult to see ,
The hero Heracles. born to Zeus by how the myth or “W origin or the Milky Wail
Alcmene, had nofriend at allin Zeus‘consort Came abom- Accordins ‘0 the 510W. 26“
Hera. [king a jealous wife and the goddess of ordered Hermes to place the baby Heracles at
marriage, Hera often pursued relentlessly the breast of the sleeping Hera. so that he
Zeus' partners in love. especially if they were mitll“ “ChiCVc immortality by drinking Of her
mortal women ratherthan goddeSses,and also Milk- Hemles. new” ‘0 be known for Win!
the children born from Zeus‘ extramarital un- sentlc. sucklcd so violently that Hera awoke

lARRY DAVID COMEDIAN ‘
‘    ions.‘ (In. mythology a_ god’s love-making and angrily pushed him away. Her milk spilled
always results in the birth of a child. and his over the heavens and created the Milky Way.

 . many children are a source of pride unhel- (Galosj' is derived from Greek gala. milk.)

  
     
     
 
 

 
   
       

  
 
 

 
 
  

    
  

  
 

 ' 301151111in COMEDIAN

I

   
  
  

  
  

   
  

 

The Italian painter .lacopo Tlniaratta (1518-1594) has capturedtheeceno in a
painting now to be eeen In London's National Gallery.

cam


   
 

  

 

        
     
     
  

  
 

 

 

 

 

 

Mushrooms. oniona'and the to ‘ taste at BIO . '
m crown ihll grout Wage am-  
mm M  _ 101 near! mguuoggg 3:,“ would sit inthe same room with my stereo for
I , ' “mum” ' m 0* an hours never once havingthe slightest disagree-
REGULAR $4.20 , . - REGULAR $4.00 . ment. Unfortunately. ever since Coplain Fan-
m m  M F“ . g ' . R  s rasric, these albums and I haven't really had
, mgm _ magma ‘ t v too much to discuss. After listening to the
WWI-28.77 . meqg.”  D JUA 28 latest one. Blue MOVES, I am afraid our
bnu-aInn-IIII-d-uunnnunuuunn- friendship has definitely come 10 an end.

 

any other cut on the album how great the Hot version of “She” by Gram Parsons and Chris Blue Moves is not indicative of the Elton

 

 

lllt‘l’JIatharn

  

   

-‘k: Yaugetobaitarchoico

when you chaos.

10 Wolf Road

a

 

8:00 PM CC CAFETERIA

' FREE!!!

landed by student association

 

 

 

 

 

 

SOPHOMORES INTERESTED

BUSINESS AND ACCOUNTING

TODAY IS THE LAST DAY TO APPLY

FOR ADMISSION TO THE

UNDERGRADUATE SCHOOL OF BUSINESS

 

Luxury
3 Liner

t. By PETER HOFFMAN

Emmylou Harris has a voice with such
delicate phrasing. that its beauty, at ﬁrst hear-
ing. catches the listener off guard. I first heard
her singing background on the final album by
Gram Parsons, Grievous Angel. and cversince
then. I've watched her career rapidly expand.
She has sung backup for artists as diverse as
Bob Dylan. Neil Young, and Linda Ronstadt.
On top of that she has taken members of Far-
sons‘ old bnnd and formed the Ho! Band. the
best country band in the business.

Luxury Liner, more so than either of her
two previous excelleitt albums brings out the
extreme dynamism» of her voice. This album
should do for her what Heart Like a Wheeldid
for Ronstadt and bring her the large following
she deserves.

The rocking title song which opens the
album is a little-known Gram Parsons com-

Band really is. Albert Lee‘s electric guitar licks
give a punch rarely found in country music.

The next song, "Poncho and Lefty" by
Townes Van Zandt is a Western outlaw tale
told with the conviction the Eagles were lack-
ing in Desperado. Emmylou sings this song
with her voice cracking from the sheer sadness
of the tale. In my opinion, it is the most out-
standing cut on the album.

Rodney Crowell, a member of the Hot
Band, also manages to contribute at least one
song to each Harris album and this is no ex-
ception. His "You're Supposed to be Feeling
Good". while not as strong as “Til l Gain Con-
trol Again“ from her last album, is a magnifi-
cent piece ofmusic. The simplistic lyrics take
on strong meaning when Emmylou sings
almost in a whisper:

Soul more, I see you down there

Waiting for morning, to softly be coming

I find, I'm only in deeper

And you'd be a [cover

If you weren'l so scared

Crowcll has the writing talent to make it on
his own and I have no doubt his will be a very
familiar name in the near future.

Side two opens with Chuck Berry‘s “(You
Never Can Tell) C‘est La Vie“. With this song
Emmylou show she can take a rhythm and
blues classic and make it her own. in much the
same way Ronstadt does on most of her

- singles.

Dolly Parton. a good friend and major in-
ﬂuence on Harris sings harmony in Ira and
Charlie Louvins'. “When I Stop Dreaming"
and the effect is Shattering. Ifthese two women
would do a complete album together, the
result would be one hell of a good listen.

Ethridge. On her last album she sang a few of
Parsons“ songs but only one. “Sin City", was
better than the original. With "She", Harris
surpasses not only her version of "Sin City“
but Parsons‘ as well. ,

Many people will write Emmylou Harris off
as a mere interpreter of other peoples‘ songs
and not take the time to listen to this album.
They won't know what they‘re missing. Give it

 

Blue Moves

By ELLIOT SCHER
Elton John albums and I have been friends
for a long time. I can remember the nights
when Madman Across the Water or Don't
Shoot Me, I‘m Only the Piano Player and I

John I once knew and loved. It is a long,
sometimes boring album that, while filled with
a few bright spots. lacks the overall smooth
flow between music and lyric so characteristic
of other Elton John albums.

The album opens with “Your Starter
For . . .", a lively musical piece withafresh.
crisp blend of synthesizer. guitar and piano.
Elton‘s other two instrumental selections.
"Out of the Blue" and “Theme from a Non-
Existent TV Series“ were also expertly per-
formed and showed me that Elton John and
the Elton John Band still haven't lost their
musical ﬂair. These three pieces were probably
the best of the entire album.

Unfortunately, while the music‘ itself was
consistently good, its arrangement with the
lyrics was uncharacteristically awkward.

For example. in “Shoulder Holster." a short
western ballad on side two. there were six in»
stances where the music would halt abruptly
just when I thought the song seemed ready to
take all. Other Selections on the album show-
cd similar problems. Some were done slowly
when a faster heat would clearly have helped.
Others suffered from instrumental domina-
tion where more lyrics were necessary.

The lyrics, like the album, had their high
and low points. Selections like “Sorry Seems
to be the Hardest Word“ and "Tonight" show~
ed true sensitivity while others like “Where‘s
the Shoorah’l" seemed to lack a clear meaning.
While this album did have a number of good
songs. they were few and far between. If only
Elton would have turned this double album
into a single one containing just the highlights
of the original version. we might instead be
describing Blue Moves as a classic instead of
just another high-priced recording.

position and it show more effectively than A good surprise on the album is Emmylou's

(31366131? 91361313 1311131131306

Friday: Jan. 28 mo mum
9:15 Nuthatch“

11:15 '77,!!!”

 

l Bring Applications to BA 361
LEAVES: ' 

  
  

OFFICE CLOSES AT 4:00 PM-

Circle at 11:30 12:30 a.m. 1:30 a.m.
Lark-Washington at 11:50 2:50 1150
Wellington at 12:02 1:02 a.m. 2:02

’i , Partridge-Western at 12:10 1:10 a.m. 2:10 '—

. Western Entrance at 12:30 1:30 am. 2:30 ~—- -   
. i l ‘

1 I . .

i <— 7:30

.Iumyblﬁedeabnflhfarlﬁ

An incredible adventure...
that iaurneye beyond
imagination l

 10:00 Whaan

running” 
 - -« ~   v - e r - , . Maﬂhltlbabmwm
. - - i .. , landed by student association v I - - V - v v .  . r . .

 V . , . funded  student association g ‘ - .
"-171... - h  -- - W...” p- I up. I ‘ a I  ’ JAN-mu“. am, y ALBANY STUDENTPRESS .  PAGE 7A

 

 

   
   

    
  
 
  
 
 
 

  

ABSOLUTELY NO LATE APPLICATIONS
' Wll. BE ACCEPTED

 

sum

to re 1.50 clear tar earl
01.15 elect

 

W

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

r

 

