  
  
 

By BRIAN CAHILL

A bizarre collage of vultures with
human breasts. . . a detailed mechanical
drawing of an erection inducing
machine. . .and intricate design for a
vibrating tongue. . .u variety of sketches
and cut-outs depicting odd sexual
images. . .all done in a style inimitableto
the master of the Italian Renaissance.
Leonardo da Vinci.

'l‘hese drawings are. in fact. the work of
a young New York artist. Dr. Mark
l’odwal. possessor ofa somewhat creative
imagination as well as a line sense of
humor. The sketches are contained in a
volume called Freud's rla Vim'i. which
adds to l’odwal's growing list of artistic
accomplishments. A rcpected graphic
artist whose works have appeared in the
pages ofthc New York l'imcsand Rolling
Stone. and on the walls ofinternationally
known museums. Podwal has now
created a book which createsa lantastical

connection between the Renaissance
master arid the loirnding father of
psychology.

It is no surprise that l’odwal. a doctor
of medicine as well as an csteetncd artist.
would be the one to create such it study.
I he dual role of scientist and artist seetns
to have compelled l’odwal to bring
l-reud's study together with these
drawings doiic in the style of Leonardo.

ln I910. l‘reud pttblished his now
infamous psychoanaiilytic study of
Leonardo in which the doctor examines
the artist and portrays the peculiarities of
his personality. Freud took the facts of
Leonardo‘s life - his obsession with flight.
his alleged homosexuality. his fascination
with gtiris. his inability to complete his
greatest works - and interpreted them in
teriirs of his own theories of psychology.
Publication of the study resulted in a
world-wide scandal. . .l.eonardoasesual
deviant}. . .()bsessed with birds‘.’L . .llis
prophetic flying machines tlte resttlt ol
stilitnated sexual dc-sires'll'f!

l’reud noted that his theories ol

sublimation are evidctrccd by the works
we know of. Head also noted that in the
works that are extant. there is a great
deal ol abstinence In the area of fantasy
He felt that it was common knowledge

 

re‘ud’s Impersonation.
of Leonardo DaVinci

that “great artists take pleasure in giving
vent to their fantasies in erotic and even
crudely obscene pictures." But the
collection of Leonardo‘s works is largely
non-erotic. Freud speculated that
perhaps there are some manuscripts that
have not been found. that show to a
greater extent the applications of Freud‘s
theories.

Enter Mark Podwal. M.D.

Through his imagination and artistic
abilities. Podwal has created a volume of
drawings which Freud would have
undoubtedly wanted to discover. Tilt!
sketches are the result of l’odwal‘s
'interpretation of the various fetishes.
phobias and frustrations that l-‘reud sayv
in Leonardo.

There is a total of forty plates in the
book. and the artwork is generally well-
executed. l‘he style comes quite close to
Leonardo‘s own. right down to the
smallest detail of the handwriting.

l'hc plates are accompanied by several
small paragraphs written by the author.
l'hcy rnclttde facts about the life of

Leonardo and explanations of the
theories of bread.
lhc tone of the book is one of

irreverence and comedy. l’odwal does not
pass tip any chances to illuminate the
absurd and comical facets of Freud‘s
theories, as iii tltc sketch titled “()nc Matt
Hand“. l'his is a design which includes ti
clarinet protruding from the rectum of
the player. This plate isaecompanied by a
brief account of Freud‘s allegations of
Leonardo‘s homosexuality.

Although the humor is almost always
bawdy. it is urilortnnately not always as
witty as it cottld be. l'he moments of
sophisticated comedy are noticeably
missing in many of the plates. lt shotild be
noted. however. that l‘odwal's short
introduction to the book contains rnrich
information on the artist arid the
psychoanalyst‘s study of him. It is written
or a witty style. and perhaps makes the
hook worth the price of tttlttllhsttitt.

And alter having read it. one cart clarnr
a little tnore knowledge ol lconardo,
riiorc still ol l'l'Cllti. a brief knowledge of
the work of l’odwal. and an excellent
addition to the coffee table library.

 

Np "Ms W

[1.03151 My)" h’wak'

 

  

Podwal’c Du Vlncl: One man Freudlan bond.

By MARK .I. Mc(-'ARRY

.loc llaldeman. all of a sudden (or
seemingly so) is Big News in the science
fiction field. He won the llttgo and
Nebula Awards for best noyel witlr his
lirst sl noycl. 'llic forever War. and he
followed that with .l/r‘rtrl/u‘t‘rfet'. which
came close to setting a record [or the
largest paperback advance iii sl
pttblisliirig history. Now .At// .llr' Sim
li’r'nrcnrltr'rr'r/ is here from St. Martin's
Press. at $7.05.

It is. iii a wry real sense. a homage to
llaldernan's somewhat inauspicious
beginnings iii the science fiction field.
dcalirtg as it does with ()tto Mc(ia\in. the
protaganrst of two of llaldcnraii's earliest
stories. lti fact. the hook rs a collection of
three ()tto Mc(ia\in stories. slightly
revised and with supplementary material
to connect them; two were published rrr
(ialaxy inaga/ine iri |‘)7| and |‘)7~l. the
third was to have appeared lll t‘osrnos
trraga/irtc this year. but unfortunately
that triaga/rne ceased publication belore
the story saw prrrrt.

Some readers may lccl cheated at
purchasing a rather expensive book and
lrndrng it is two-thirds material they've
seen belore. and tity lrrst reaction was
this. " l he ()rily War We‘ve (lot“ and “ lo
l‘-rt the ('rirne“ are. like most sf short
lrcttorr. competent btit utispectacular.
Mc(iavrn is an agent in an interstellar
government‘s secret police. and while his
ability to assume (after much
preparation) the identity of his erretnies is
rtiteresting. the stories themselves are
rather sitiiplc and straightforward.

 

 

 

-» ..,.,..x. v

Mc(iiivin coiites across as it secret agent-
type who is -~— if a little too involved rind
human to be purely stereotypical — close
enough to that stereotype to make him
unmemorable.

. However: llaldenitirt has added it
framework that totally changes
Mthivin‘s character. in the eyes of the
reader. and which is very effective. The
connective material is presented as it
series of interviews. as prolog and epilog

 

Iot‘ the book. arid hl:l\\k'l'll at it nor;
\lc(itr\tlt begins as .t sotrrtwhrt n.rt\rx
somewhat religions pctsiirr \\|I-t rs .igrrrltst
ktllitig. llc is trained. tlllttttytlr hypnosis.
and the cytcntrrrtd natrtrcol hr» lt.rttrtlt_t:r\
ncycr lttlly r'e\ca|cd to him In c.rth
episode he \\'llttt.‘sst's \ rolcrrr tlL'.Ilfl .rrrtl ht-
htrnscll kills. ntrd their in his ititt‘tyicwsltr’
rcltycs. hl'lL'll).lllL'KULWpt'ttr‘ tr -. rlll:r\
to square tlicrrr \\Itlr his parrot ll.tllllt‘

llc Clttttttil..’ttttl hrs.rgcrrt \\ p~.~ . t . lt‘lfhl‘»
cannot brain-wash him ltIltI r‘r rt» ..ry!lh.r|
he can.

Interestingly enough lilt' .lt .. ttj‘tlrJll
of Mc(ia\rn‘s character UtL‘r" .rhtw
csclirstycly‘ in these llllL‘llltH‘t tittyttot
t|rc c\ctil.s that shaped lli.i| tlr.rt r.’t_t l\

this originality. or Is lltls sl-tllr otr
Ilaldetnan‘s patt'.’ i).llll||t'ti Ii 1 know
And while that tilsllllht‘tl rrrt- s.» tilti tlr.
late of Otto .\lc(r;r\rtr ttt'ltl
titan}. .ruthors wlrodart-go to: it
pleasant ending for rhcrr ritu-
tltctt heroes. and fewer stillt! -t. in make
endings
mclodtttttratrc.
In the ctrd.
cornperrtetit book. though 1 ||ll.l_L'Iltt' the
reader who has not read the two \lttrrtyttt
before will lirrd tt tltlttit llltllt‘
enjoyable than the reader who has
Luci/M's" Ilmttnicr. by l airy \tyt‘ltdlld
Jerry l’ourncllc(l’Iayboy l’rcss, slit tittrrs
another big-money book, I'layhoy I’IL'M
is not really a mirror toitt- iii the
publishing industry land no. they don‘t
publish skirt-books. as one ought t-ypectl.
btit larr'i/i'r's Hummer is .t "11th
pttblisliirig event. llowdocsonctcvnllfllu
those two items? 1 don't know. but tht'
fact remains that the paperback .thlllCl'
for this (lit, set ti record lot hiss“l
advance on rights on art .sf bookttn excess
of 5230.000 it‘s no secret). rim]
Promotion for the book has bccti rn tht'
form of full-page ads in the New York
Times Revrew ol llooks. titrd the lrkc Y6»)-
this is big news. And it is a tilt! ""“k'
Weighing in iit (I would estimate) 30W“)
words. llut is it worth all the hype"

.ttitl liikl
that
rd tor
.rttrt not

those cllcrtrrt

this is .r llllllt‘iiltlll‘

stot'tcs

 

 

 

 

 

Competent, But lilnspectacular SP

I would like to say yes btrt not
rrrrrescrycdly.

Ihc \t\cn and l’otirtrcllc tcarn has
produced tyvo prevrous hooks. Htt‘ \Ioti'

. rrr trot/1r /'.:|'r' arid Ill/(’I'HU. Iloth were
3 good; the first was straight sctctrcc ltctrorr.

 the second

slightly skewed ltrntasy,

= lfillllltlt’l‘ belongs to that recent category

iol Itctton
if. "tltsaslt't'

‘ llo\\L'\'.'t‘.

known popularly as the
noyel.“ ii In Iflt‘ /’H\t'It/t|/l
a lid I IHt'r't'IlI‘t: IIIIt’I‘ttrt.
the disaster tti litls book

lt/t H)! are

.- rrrroltes the entire l'tll'lll. not .r ship or :r

skyscraper.
itltllL‘t".\' llamrncr is a comet wlrrclr tit

" Is originally thought) will come wrtlrrrr

i thousands of miles of the l'atllt

lht't. the
estimates drop to littnrlrcdsol trttlcs .rtrd

then It hits. lhe calarrrrtoiis results of

_ rntllrotrs of tons of rock and rec chunks
‘ \ltllylllyl the liarth at various points .oc

.tltnost lovingly drawn. lsunamrs

. hundreds of meters high crash hitrrdrcds

ol intlcs inland. Whole coastlines \anrsh

t under the waves. lhere are earthquakes

..ttrd \olcnnocs. and a new

rec-age is

j hcgun. lhere is a raitr that lasts lor weeks.

there is panic and slaughter and

f conlitsron. all of it extremely well drawn.

[here is no ritelod rarna. and eyery‘thing I.s

_ believable. lr'or riiost of its length. the

 

descriptions ol various natural disasters

and human-made atrocities is disturbing.
llrc geography and the science is
completely accurate. to the best of my

 knowledge. and the authors‘ knowledge

   

r .- :w 'A—«y. «r

 

   

of California (where they live. and where
rrrost of the action of the book takes

1" place) is detttiled.

Some people survive. and we become
well-acquainted with many of them. A

‘ t~‘0mplaint with The More in God’s Eye

was the stereotyped characters. 1 don't
expect there will be a complaint here.
.lerry Pournelle has strong politicrrl and
social beliefs. which come througliclearly
in his science articles for Galaxy
muitiizine and in his own fiction. At times
he tends to shout at the reader. and this is
it fault that appears a few times in the

J

 

 
   
    

Drawing by John H. Kraft.

Conception by Alan Spiegel.

book. torts detriment. bill it is not a fatal
[law

Most ol tltc survivor's end tip at the
ranch of thc( .rltfor'tttatt Senator Arthur
('l.iy .lUllIstilt. w hrch was spared tiorii the
effects ol llrc l'ottrncllc‘s
philosophies seem to be strongest here. to
the creation .rrtd operation of the colony
ol sltl\|\iIl\ that around the
\r-tr.rtor\ “Sarrcturrry.” llccarrsc tlicte is
out food enough for all. in order to be
.rdtrrrttcd to the Sanctuary . ottc rnttst ha\c
ltcryonc pulls ills

d rsastcr

lor Ills

skills it can rise
\\|.ll_'ill. and it one lttlls. he or sire is ptit
"orr thc toad." c\r|cd. wlttclr almost

certainly trrc.rns death. It Is a ruthless
.tm‘lltdlttltl ot the l’tott-slairt ltlrrc. r\nd
ll wor ks bccartsc tlrc .rtrtltors‘ knowledge
tti st‘lcltt't‘ is not lttttllt'd to t'L‘lLNllili.
.rrrd thcrirrodytr.rnircs. lhc
ccology ol the Sanctuary is carclully
rlciarlcd .rnd c\pl.rnrcd without growing
rcdrorrs. Sewage atrd crop-rinsing are
made interesting. \ot surprisingly. there
.rrc lrtctrons the various
members ol the colony. lhesc come to a
orrtstdc threat it
makes

rrrct ll.llllt's

between

head when an
c.rntr.rb.rhsttc. otgartr/ed army
rtscll ktrown to the Sanctuary.

In this type ol book. the reader knows
the threat will be dealt wrth. logically.
there should be no suspense as the reader
awaits the outcome. And yet there is.
when the threat is drspatclicd. you will
probably breathe a srglr of t‘L‘llCl as
andrth as I did. I

l hat is the climax oftlie hook. lhere is
a second climax. winch l worr‘t spoil for
you. wlrrch tested my credtrlity not only
becatisc one-half of the authors‘
philosophies are so strong (or blatant. to
put if less politely). but becartse they take
their carelully delineated characters
finely doric motivations and tossthcm to
the winds to the tune of “The Stirr-
Spangled lltttincr.“

I'his doesn't make the book a bad one
(merely one that may have been better).
ritid it remains a work that is well worth
your time and your money.

 

 

 

   
   

Jay Is an

Ace Up

 
  

 

 

  

With His New Book

By PATRICK MeGlNNN

Ricky .lay is some sort of comedian-
magician-lunatic who has devoted his life
to promoting the use ofordinary playing
cards in hand to hand combat.

His book. ('unls as l'Vt’IIIKINS. begins
wrtlt a reproduction of his letter to the
Secretary of Defense (on the letterhead of
the “(‘oltttnbia School of Card l'hrowing.
Ricky .lay. President"). The letter
outlines tor the secretary‘s edification the
enormous potential valite of ordinary
play trig cards as hand weapons. (‘rirds are
cttcctryc dealers of death at close
quarters. lic c\pliitns. and tire soldier‘s
deck ol ammunition would also scrye as

his companion. prayer book and
almanac.

(‘haptcr Ace is "history"; chapters fotrr
and tire detail "technique" and

“adytrnced technique": and chapter seven
is billed as a valuable treatise on “self-
defense" using cards.

It‘s hard to keep in mind that this is
basically it big put-on. because it does
explain how to throw cards with
accuracy. speed and distance. just like
boomctangs and It'isbccs. Several
teclrriiqttcs are clearly arid concisely
described and illustrated with
photographs

.lay is an accomplished card-thrower.
and tirade it irrto the next (iiiincss llook of
World Records by hurling a playing card
I35 lcct. lle also demonstrated his skills
on the lonrght Show and a bunch of
other \aricty shows. According to the
technical chapter. he's studied the
acrodyrtamtcs of cards in Cornell‘s .lct
l’roprtlsron Laboratory. and discussed
the subject with various renown
scholarly authorities.

lhe lascinating history includes a
section on the nticicrit .lapancsc"i nyisible
assasins." the ninja. who hurled sburiken.
flat. sharp-pointed hits ol tnctal.
Shrrrrkcn naturally cyolved into the
deadly pastcboard lortn with which we
are so lamrliar. carrying its disguise as
bar rnless gatncpicccs.

lhere are rtdicitlorts expansions. like
the famous striglc hand four-card loss.
which tells tour attackers with one
triotton in a and the

bull-second.

 

emergency surgical applications.

The conclusion is it thrilling adventure
to darkest Africa. in which Jay is called
upon to use his mortal talents in cloak
and dagger.

‘l'here‘s even so me gentle pornography,
in the photographic study of how a naked
liidythrows cards. Jay does anything for a
laugh. it seems. and this book consists of
what can be printed in English. Some
jokes fall flat. though. and some go
beyond the boitnds of good taste.

A valuable chapter touches on the
heritage of Amerieati card magic. and
describes how Alexander Herrmann.
lloward I‘hurston and other great l9th
century magicians scaled cards into the
audience. the cards were usually clever
promotional items carrying the
magician‘s name and picture. Many
survive in collections of Americana. and
sortie are reproduced at various places in
the book. usually wherever Jay‘s other
sources of graphic decoration ran dry.

lhe whole book is embellished with
marginal illustrations of the kind found in
ciicylcopedias and some academic texts.
lristead of enhancing speciﬁc references
in the text however. they just image an
oblique mention. “it: man who ﬁrst
hurled cards is like the man who first ate
lobster. so we're treated to a portrait of
one of those crustaceans; cards and
martial arts are coupled as frequently as
ham and eggs. so there‘s ti picture of a
plate of ham—and-eggs (just to besurethat
we know what a lobster is and what ham
and eggs are).

('m'rls to ll'cu/mrrs has an exotic cover
that makes it it nice-looking coffee-table
or bookshelf decoration. It‘s for people
interested iti cards. card tricks or related
weird sttrff. Don‘t buy it for yourself.
because reading it is like playing solitaire
with a very fancy deck; an engaging way
to spend time harmlessly but absolutely
unproductive

You‘ll surely find it in Walden‘s and
llretano‘s and other popular bookstalls
It‘s a pleasant. satisfactorily impersonw
gift that solves many gift-giving problem.
that arise this tiriie of year. and it‘s only
five dollars.

  

 

