Print-Talk 1

First there was DUNE. It became a best-seller, tied for the 1966 Hugo award for best science ﬁction novel. and acquired a
following unequalled by anything in s-f since Heinlein‘s STRANGER IN A STRANGE LA ND. More, more! said the DUNE
fans. Then there was DUNE MESSMH. it was rather disappointing; not as good as DUNE. said the fans, shaking their heads
sadl .

Tiike heart. and come back. Dune fans. Now there is CHILDREN OF DUNE, and while it may not be quite as good as the ﬁrst
DUNE novel. it’s light-years better than the second. In fact. it‘s a pretty good book on its own rights; you don't even have to have
read the ﬁrst two books in the series to be able to enjoy this one, though it helps.

Paul Muad'Dib‘s orphaned twin children are nine years old. They seem to have all the powers their father had, and more, for

‘ they have access to all their collective ancestral memories. They are heirs to the lmperium. if they can live long enough to claim it,

but-there are many who wish to see them dead, and a nine—year-old is vulnerable in many ways. Their aunt Alia. “twisted. mad.
possessed by an evil ancestor, plots against them. Their grandmother, the Lady Jessica. plots, not necessarily against, but about
them with the Bene Gesserit sisterhood. The House Corrine. the House of the old emperor, plots against them. A Preacher has
come from the desert warning of destruction, and nimour has it that he is Paul Muad'Dib back from the dead. Most ominous of all.
as the desert planet Dune/Arrakis grows green under the changes of offplanet technology. the Fremen grow soft and greedy.

Frank Herbert twists many threads together to shape a rather surprising conclusion to the Dune trilogy. He deals well With the
difﬁcult theme of a planet's ecology upset, with the irony of green in the desert turning out to be disastrous for the desert dwellers.
The continuing theme of the Bene Gesserit‘s eugenic breeding program is wrapped up in this last volume, and the political tensron
between freedom and control is delicately explored. The merits of CHILDREN OF DUNE may even balance out the

deﬁciencies of DUNE MESSIAH.——Kathi Schaeffer. l.M.l.

 

from accepted standards of scholarship. To this should be added the outrage voiced

1

8w  to

praying with Kissinger on the floorof the Oval Ofﬁce—but the importance of the book

 

 

 

 

keep straight the maze of events and conflicting testimonies—Gregory Feelcy

 

Avon $2.50

As we experience a nationwide love affair with everybody clse's adolescence. Lisa Althcr's KINFLICKS reassures us that
most of us grew up feeling and doing the same kinds of things. This will supplant whatever sense of missing—out that might havc
been created by growing up in the furious sixties. no matter how hip you were. or how protected you thought yourself hiding
behind your heart of hearts.

The marvelous thing about Lisa Alther‘s very very funny book is that is puts social significance back into rhetoric. It is one
thing to read about the revolutionary signiﬁcance of soy bean casseroles; it is another thing to feel real about making one yourself.
This book is a remarkable accurate portrayal of the times and thoughts of the people who participated in making the sixties such a
social phenomenon. The indecisivencss of the characters is effectively portrayed as they suddenly immerse themselves in
whatever is ideologically and emotionally valid for the times and then just as suddenly abandon these convictions to mch on to
something else.

Ginny Babcock speaks to us in ways that Joyce Maynard. the selllproclaimed youth spokeswoman of the sixties never could.
With every new inspiration and at every socially eventful turning point. Ginny throws herself into totally contradictory crowds
and ways of living. Originally the Flag Swinger for Hullsport High and the girlfriend ofloe Bob Sparks. she defected to ride the
back of the towrt hood's motorcycle and to drink moonshine with hitn at the Bloody Bucket. But just as quickly and compulsiver
Ginny abandoned Clcm's gretiser bouffant to discover equally relevant answers at the Wonhly Womcns School. leaming froth
Miss Head new truths in recital halls. demitasse. and Descartes.

It is a shame that Lisa Althers Ginny Babcock will be forever compared to Erica .Iong's Isadora Wing who did after all
caialogue list after list of teenage neuroses. and ended up with rat equally disastrous marriage. What makes Ginny more
fascinating than Isadora is her range of experience which even the brassy Isadora only fantasized about. Ginny is more
introspective and breeding and refrains from all of the self-congradulatory rhapsodies that Wing enjoyed.

But whatever your prejudice. Ginny Babcock is a fascinating character. Whether it be from giving Blue Balls in Bibeland to
riding Harleys with h00dlums and drinking home brew. Ginny will certainly put your own past histories into perspective.

on." una-

(EHIla‘tmIiN ill"

QUNE

FRANK HERBERT

U-Nl-IJH ’W‘Ul lN’flll It) \itthIIH)

‘Berkley $1 .95

 

” The controversy surrounding the publication of this book has not abated. nor is it likely to until the deﬁnitive histories of this
epoch. are written perhaps a generation from now. The unorthodox methods of presentation the book uses—no attribution of
quotations. no mention of sources—has aroused a storm of indignation from traditional historians, who deplore the departure

by members and supporters of the Nixon

Administration. who dispute the account the book gives. Prominent ﬁgures have denied saying things that Woodward and
Bernstein depict them as having said. The author's defense is that they could not have gained the conﬁdence of the people
involved—hundreds were interviewed during the course of the books's research—unless they guaranteed complete anonymity
for all sources, and were prepared for their informants to later deny their own accounts. Whether these unusual measures were
justiﬁed. and whether the facts presented in the book are true. will doubtless be debated by historians for years.

As it is, the book reads like a novel: narrative in style. with the day by day. sometimes hour by hour timing reminiscent of a
detective thriller. Undue attention has been focused on the more sensationalistic sections—Nixon talking to the wall portraits;

lies elsewhere. A gradual portrait of Nixon
rationalize past actions and delude himself

ill endure as a horrifying and cautionary
around their own needs unless constantly

E! emerges: vague, self-occupied. obsessively deceptive and possessed of vast abilities to

 as to his own guilt. The portrayal of the men be surrounded himself with—and of their signal ability to assume that they own
¢§ partisan interests were necessarily also moral ones. even when clearly illegal—w

 A, l J reminder of the natural tendency of govemment bodies to redeﬁne moral standards

"" ted-garmaw checked from the outside.

area ‘ "mama-r

The book includes. in addition to the 509 pages of text. a chronology. an appendix of the names and positions of everyone
involved. a detailed index. and sixteen pages of photographs. This additional material is of great value in helping the reader to

Signet $2.25

 

    

 

 

i
i.
“i
,s
g
i
1‘;
a

 

l9 : '
The most cﬁforful year F
inTIME’s his .
What atime to subscribe!

(and what a bargain for college students)

This year, TIME adds a new dimension to your What a time to subscribe! For only 25¢ an issue ——
enjoyment of the news. Because this year, TIME is half the regular subscription —you'll get more color
adding more color pages than ever before. than you'll find in any other newsmagazinc. That's
More than an y other newsmagazinc. our special colle e rate—and you can order any-
TTME is lighting up all its where from 25 to 100
sections—from Science to issues at the 25¢ a copy
Show Business—with price, all filled with out—
compelling color photo- standing color photographs
graphs of important world and equally colorful writ-
cvcnts and personalities. . . ing. To order The World’s
faraway places and chang- Most Colorful Newsmag-
ing fashions. . . new movies azine, use the TIME sub-
and plays. . . art treasures scription card inserted
. . . archaeological finds — into this paper.
the entire spectrum of TIME. It has news
for you.

 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

lvil-llli.l
W um
tIMilSSav
SCIENCE
t ifgrlhﬁl ‘\ Ilii'i‘

"ME ESSA}

- MUSIC .
uttvxerN

TH! ‘IHEAH
“If WORI D
THE NATION
PEOPLE

SPORI

FORUM
1.. .m.,rivtr.t

TH! NATION

M..- .u. .. .

 

