   
      

  

 
 
   
   
 
 
  
 

 
  
 
 

r x; 5:.«tmznzntr. '

it

 

  
 

stidttek 7 >’ '_  r

'doclt worker and philosoer
wrote a dissertation on creativity
‘oduct of monotonous unskilled labor.

led. for example. that Alberf Einstein
0 , h. , ,.

  

 
   
   
 
  
 
  
 

  
 

- ob a; a lowly clerk. and unit Karl
elop'ed much of his socialist doctrine
rving asa mere assembly line worker

   
  
  

  
 

  

   
 

re'dcterntine‘d'ihat a partAtime job

 
 
 
 

I th
as'a‘dis rather; in a campus kitchen. would
big or at least a couple of term papers. If

one'co stders the high cost of living. $2.30 an

I hour ‘andiall you canveat (off other's plates)

was-ts offer I couldn't refuse. -
The working situation of the corps of suds

Lbusters'affectionately known as the “dish

crew".'t quite simple. Patrons place their dis-
carded trays. plates and glasses on aconveyor
belt. Each 'dish crew member is responsible for
dumpingand piling one specific item. I was

Albany
Sf7udent '

V Press
Corporation

Bonn or Drascrorts

 

    
 
      
     
     

STEPHEN DZINANKA
Srchr-z RAGGIO
DAN UAINES

—/977—
I400 Washington Avenue.
Albany. NY [2222

CC 329.

 
 

 
 

    
 

assigned to trays—the final stage of the dish
crew procedure.

The plate piler. situated to my right. must I

possess dexterity and good judgement. Unlike
drinking glasses. plates are stacked high; and
unlike plastic trays. lhey'tend to shatter when
dropped. His job is perhaps the only one
which requires some degree of concentration.
If the stack of plates should reach a certain
altitude, there is the risk of porcelain destruc-
tion.

The man assigned to plate stacking happen-
ed to be undErthe influence of the mighty herb
on my first evening of work. His tall. lanky
frame. and oily hair parted down the middle.
gave him an unnerving likeness tosinger Todd
Rundgren.

As the number of plates filled with leftovers
increased. a ravenous look appeared on
Todd‘s face. He was really hungry. I mean
really hungry.

He began removing cold, rubbery french
fries from discarded dinner plates and f urtive-
Iy stuffed them over his lips. His broad smile
expressed satisfaction as it revealed hash oil-
stained teeth.

Music was on my mind. I found I could
maintain a productive pace at the conveyor

beltvby creating music in my-head. It isrlioth '

pleasant and helpful when a psychic tune coin-
.cides with the quality of the performed task.
The tray tipping and dish dumping alongwith
the company of Todd brought to mind the
most fitting song—Todd Rundgren‘s Piss
Aaron.

“ . . . Chuck Biscuits. conservative jive.

'the biggest pig of all of school; He'd sit and

smack his lips and drool as he’d eye your
lunch.“ '

Todd broke in.on my music and asked in
liked olives. I shook my~head no. He proceed-
ed to explain that he was going to eat every
friggin' olive he saw. He devoured the little
black spheres. slightly wrinkled from overex-
posure. He stuck his desperate fingers into a

 

 

 

 

A PM
10 I472 \

 

l4

JFEIFFER

#

half-drunk glass of Sprite so as to remove the >‘
sunken olive. My music continued.
"I put a bag In his desk one night, ,
A raw egg sandwich and
when hungry took a bite.
He had to upchuek. upehuek, a-pukln’ ".

The noted French novelist. Balzac. used
clothing as a favorite item for investigating
hidden forces of personality. He treated
clothing not as an object. beautiful or ugly in
itself. but as a guide to the personality of the
individual wearing it. As part of the dish crew
l discovered that food can be a reliable in-
dicator of the consumer‘s inner self. If this is
so. God save us. First of all. much of the food
that people take to the table is returned to the
dish crew. This proves that most of us take for
granted our supply of food. and disregard the
value it holds for the less fortunate others.

The condition of the returned food is. at
times. rather bizarre. I witnessed a hamburger
pattie bathed in blpeberry yogurt  . a
Martian burger! A plate passed by with
pulverized onions. Through my tearing eyes I
saw a ﬂaming cross made of toothpicks
planted on a tomato . . . the work of a
frustrated Klanncr. I noticed cigarette butts
mixed in with the creamed corn—what‘s new.
Green Giant? Is there any truth to the adage.
"We are what we eat?"

Because of dietary rulesthose eating Kosher
food return plastic plates and cups. These are
not cleaned or piled. We just throw them all
away. To the dish crew. they are indeed the
“Chosen People.“

The final tray approaches. and I stuck it
atop my tower of plastic. My debut as a
member of the dish crew has been a success. It
has also given me a chance to explore my im-
agination. I am sweaty and sticky and void of
an appetite. As I remove a slither tifcole slaw
from beneath mythumbnail. I find lam com-
fortable with my conscience. I think: “Move
over Pat Moynihan. I too have survived Hell's
Kitchen!"

 

 

t

 

 talk ficldhouse

. To the Edltor:

’ I totally object'to the proposed $2 millio
ficldhouse 'I'or which a referendum is bcin

. presented to the students. Under this refere

.rlum the' 2,400 students who vote ye
theoretically, will be forcing the remainin

students to pay for the ficldhouse through

mandatory tax of Sl3.50 each semester for
period ‘of twenty years.

This is an utterly ridiculous way to mi
money for such’a project. Why not propose
voluntary lee whereby those wishing to use th
ficldhouse pay for it and those who do n
won't have to. Many people will respond 1
this by saying: “If the tax were volttntar
nobody would give the money." My answer t
this is: “If nobody chooses to pay the monc
voluntarily. they obviously don‘t until th
ficldhouse in the'first place." Is it right to hire
people to pay for something they don't \\ out u
may not want to use?

Another absurd aspect ofthis whqu tsittci
that. if passed. it ‘would he forcing futur
SUNYA students to pay the tax. In fact. w
would making this decision for slttdcnls Wilt
aren‘t even born yet! These future sludrnts m
entitled to express their views.

I urge all students to think about nhnt
have said before they vote on the contpttle
ballot; a ballot which is by no means sL'Cfcl
Social Security numbers must he indiuutch
you were thinking of not voting at till. I as
that you vote no on this most rtthculon
proposal.

Harmon Skttrni

sunya bus
. . .trailing behin

To the Editor:

Before I start. let me say that lntn L'L'rlll
this letter will receive a tremendotu amount
criticism. Be that as it may. I felt I lltld loe
press my dissatisfaction with n prohlt-nt lIlIl
consider to he of major lmporlttncc to tilt: s
dent population at SUNYA. Illt: piohlcm
that of the campus buses.

 

 

 

    

'~IMcro

sutan
g) E ’

DC .

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  

 

 

 

"W‘ Wm

’Mauv __

 
 
   

The Arte_& Feature-Magazine of the slushy Student P

. It:
.)

 

Independent
mama

See Pages 4A
and 5A

 

 

 

 

 

