   
  
    
 
 

  
  
  

 
 

f - Interest “Meeting 3
,. if (l0. d!“ “P & get more info) .
Monday Dec. 12

LC 19 7 pm.

It you can’t attend. please contact Dave Cliotot: or “7-3.”.
Coupomcrod by ﬁve Quad Volunteer Ambulance Service, Inc. I the Physical
Education Department. v
Funded by Student Morton

    
         

 

 

 

 

Doc Severlncon
Brand New Thlng
Epic 9534925

 

 

 

 

Bert Lonce'
Refunds

 

 
 

mandoy Doc. 12 3-4 pm.
Tuesday Doc. 13 3:30-4:30 pm.
 Friday Dec. 1611-12 pm
In CC 364

funded by Slrtrleni Association

 

3. .

 

  
     
   
  
 
  
  
  
 

33 Tower East Cinema

SIL‘VER; STREAK

  
 

By train, by plane.
by the edge of you: seal
IT'S THE MOST
HILARIOUS SUSPENSE
RIDE 0!‘ YOUR LIFE!

‘ <.. __o.;

FRIDAY

and

SATURDAY

“December 9'10

m 10:00 PM
LC - 7

 

   

$.75 ur/ t.o.c. cud 81.25 w/ out

By LARRY DOANE

After listening to Doc Severinson and
his orchestra for years on the tonight
show I was overjoyed to hear his new
album, Brand New ﬁring. Severinson has
changed to working with fewer and
different styled musicians and the result is
an album full of infectious. funky jazz.
Severinson‘s music is highlighted by
Tom Scott‘s precise production and
ﬂowing tenor sax work. Severinson and
Scott are joined by studio standouts
Ricltard Tee on keyboards. Eric Gale on
solo and rythm guitar. Lee Ritenour and
rythm guitar and Rick Marotta on
drums.

The album steps out immediately with
a jubilant. upbeat piece entitled, “Do It
To It." “Chicken Chatter " follows with
some excellent guitar work by (tale and

more of Severinson‘s overpowering
trumpet. In “Midnite Flite." and
“Fernando‘s Fantasy.“ Severinson

explores a soft Spanish sound that
contains some beautiful saxophone solos
by Scott and solid rhythm provided by

Richard 'I'cc‘s keyboards. Anthony
Jackson‘s bass arid Ralph MacDonald‘s
percussion.

“Virginia Sunday“ and “Soft 'l‘ouch.“
continue the line of tight. laid back
rythms that ended the first side. “'l here Is
a Girl.“ picks the beat up and again
Severinson‘s brilliant trumpet stands out.
The album closes with “Shenandoah,” a
slow beautiful ballad.

If you're looking for a good
instrumental album with tight
production. excellent musicianship and a
wealth of rich melodies then you should
check out Doc Severinson‘s Brunt! .Vl‘lt'
'l'ltr'ng.

 

Eplc PE 34979

 

 

 

By PETER HOFFMAN

Network is a band without any real
identity of their own, With the release of
their debut album they have become
entrants into the realm of “blue-eyed
soul" bttt they sound like other tncmbers
of that genre. including. at various times,
Hall and Oates, the Bee Gees, and the
Doobie Brothers. Network. though. is a
competent. bordering on excellent.

 

 

 

@rveyor of that sound.

“The album's opening track,“You Lied":
is reminiscent of recent Doobie Brothers.
It‘ is funky, without leaning too heavily
into disco.

“Save Me, Save Me“. a song co-written
by Barry Gibb of the Bee Gees could
probably be saved only by that group.
John Vinci‘s vocals seem to have
unlimited range but on this cut he sounds
as if he is trying to sing in too many styles
at once.

In time. "Go Find Another Lover“.
which opens side two. should become a
hit. It has every requirement for AM
radio: a singable catch in the chorus along
with a perfect but short guitar solo. A
song like this could bring them the
following they are looking for.

An annoying beginning which uses a
talking box on “Don‘t Leave Me Alone

lonight" erupts into a very good. bouncy
cttt sounding more like Hall and Oates
than any other cut"'on the album. Vinci‘s
voice evokes the satttc sense of lonely
desperation that Daryl Hall's docs itt
“She's Gone.“

“Backseat Driver". is the albums tottr
de force. It is an extended disco cut
rctitiniscettt of Elton John‘s bitter “Bite
Your l.ip. Oct tip and Dance." 'l'hcrcarc
really no intelligible lyrics but it is a
showcase for the excellent musicianship
of tltc band. I here is a scaritig guitar solo
by Richie C arid excellent synthesiler
work by George Bit/.cr.

there are parts of M'ltt'ni'k that really
shine. 'l liey make it easy to forget about
the albums faults. One hopes. though.
that they will revamp their style a little by
lttsirig a more diversified sound into their

ilCl.

 

 

Boz Scaggs
Down Two Then Left
Columbia 34729

 

 

 

By DENNIS SCHEYER

Box Scaggs and Peter Frarnpton have
something in common. they botli had art
obligation to follow up two of the most
successful and popttlar albums of 1976.
I'm In You was good. Boz‘s Down 'I'tvo
'I‘Irr'n Ltd/II is just plain fair.

lhc album is produced by Joe Wisscrt,
(who produced Silk Degrees.) But. the
major change is iii the arrangement of
strings arid horns. On Silk Deg/eta,
David Paitch lead sttch notables as .litn
Horn and Tom Scott. ()n [)(llt’ll Tlt'u
Michael ()martiari takes the helm. He has
earned his stripes on the West (‘oust for
his work with the synthesizer. He hasthc
talent to work with namely Chuck
l‘ttidlcy. Steve Madio. and Ernie Watts
yet. sortietliittg is missing.

Some of Bo/‘s vocals on this album
sometimes sound forced.

Most of side one is lame. “A Clue"
almost tnakcs it. It‘s a typical Bol. love
song. pretty bttt there are no “We're All
Alorie‘s“ here. “Still Falling For You" is
hampered by poor mixing and just
doesn‘t get off the ground.

Side Two is a vast improvement.
J

 

  

PAGE 6A

1.“.lu‘rl-i-y :32: iii? f 'f'MIf

  

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

liniffdii il' I‘.Elt.:i:.

DECEMBER 9, 1977

iii .45." l tltﬂétmn.

   

 

 

 

"‘*W ‘ 

«no...- 2.. 

a i..- at. .— .m \ ~ s.- ru.mc.«...J£{ﬁ‘gM—«.-mwamu—Ltm...»~~ga. a.--iau.i,;4c.o— '”

  

. n ..-a.. —

 

yw'oo'd" swings and l‘d'dance to it
anytime. The vocal chorus features
Carolyn wrtia. Myrna Matthews and
Julia Tillman Waters. They give the song
that needed tinsel.

“Then She Walked Away" is due to be
the new single. lt featuresa credible guitar
solo by Jay Graydon. Since I984 is not so
far away anymore Boz sings about I993.
It‘s the usual spiel about futuristic
condominiums. etc.

“Tomorrow Never Came" closes the
album. It‘s a pretty ballad; It‘s a shame
that the rest of the album isn‘t as good as
this song.

Poor Scaggs. It‘s a hard life. but he
chose it. If Steve Miller (Scaggs former
musical colleague) can do it, so can the
Boz. If you're a hard core Boz man. or
woman. buy the album. Ifnot. get some of
his older material or wait for the next
release.

 

 

    

EIVII Costello
My Alm to True
Columblc Jcasoa7

 

 

 

By DENNIS SCHEYER

Elvis Costello is one of the hottest
artists in (treat Britain today. He has four
singles and an albttm in the top ten. His
first album. My Aim I.l‘ True was
atailttble only on an import until recently,

Before you pull tfic album out of it's
jlleCl two things hit you. first. ltisnilmc.
He picked it at an unfortunate time.
Second. his looks. they are a cross
between Woody Allen and Joe Cockct'.
(Thanks to Benji Weiner for the
description.) He is bowl-legged with a
crew-cut like llertttatt Munster and for
some unknown rcasott he plays a l‘ctldL‘l’
Jazz guitar!

Luckily. none of these
adversely affect his music. .lfl' .ttinr fl
True is produced by Nick fowc.
former member of Brinslc) Schwar /. .llltl
current producer of Date ldniunds and
Graham Parker and the Rumour.

“Welcome to the Working “cc-k"
opens the album. It features basic riffs
I'Clllftllticlclll of ltill little) and flu
('otncts. l’acktng seven days of tltc wcck
irtto one minute and 22 seconds rstt't cats).
but Elvis turns the song itito ti ttglit
rocker.

“Blame it on Cam" has it Phil
Spector Crystals type sound and ltc pulls
it off quite well. “Alison” is the sc\) lou-
song of the album. which features the
theme for the album "I ltt\L‘ _\ott. Mt '\llll
is 'lruc." It reminds me of tlic Stoticx'
"Angie."

Many critics liatc compared the \tllllltl
of “fire Angels Wanna Went My Rcd
Shoes" and "Less lliari [.ero" to lltucc
Springsteen. Wlitlc not quite as slick .is
Springsteen, the intensity of the \ocals is
there. “Less ’llian let'o" is a big hit tti
(ireat llrittiin dttc to it's subject matter.
Costello sings about ()swald Mosclt the
leader of the British pro-union of f'actsts
who today is a cliff here.

Costello Wits rccetttly quoted by
Rolling Stone tnttga/inc as saying. “I
want to die before I get old, for not going
to be around to witness my artistic
decline." the way things look. he might
live a long and prosperous life.

He is bricked on My Aim /.\ l'rru' b_\ .t
llily Area band called Clover. lllc) play
thke the best of Chuck Berry arid l ittlc

oddities

 

l l

DECEMBER 9, 1977

 

Richard with a touch of perversity that
gives every song the extra punch needed.
It brings this album above most of the
“back to basics" rock and roll released
these days.

 
   

Edgar Wlntor'l Whlto Trash
Recycled
Blue Sky P134058

 

 

 

By AL BACA

Edgar Winter has rounded up most of
the members of his old White Trash band
and releases an album. It seems that he
really wants to break into the big time
now. His concert at the Palace last
Wednesday featured mostly songs from
his new Reeve/ed album. record stores
have the album on display in the
windows, and radio stations are starting
to play a lot of cuts from the album.

l'he music on Recycled reﬂects a
definite change of pace from the sound of
the Edgar Winter Group, but fails to
equal the quality of music that the old
White '1 rash group cranked out. It‘s
apparent that Winter is making an
attempt at reaching the top 40 charts.
Many of the stings sound very shallow
and commerctal. although there are a few
cuts which remind one ofthc rhythm and
blues sound of the old White f'rash
group.

llic best tltttig ahottt Rt't l't/t’tl is
Winter's tisc of liortt arrangements to
mote tltc beat of the songs along. He has
pttf together .i three piece ltortt section
consisting of Jerry |.aCrotx on tenor sax.
Marshall ('yr oit trttrtipct. and Jon Smith
on tenor sax. thttcr himself plays alto
sax on some of the songs. along with his
traditional keyboards. lhere is no use of
sytithcsi/cr' on the album. and there is a
minimal use of lead guitar and bass. 'l'his
ls one of the negative factors ofthc album.

Ihc songs corttcolf :Is sounding much too
ltl'rts\\.

I tended to like side two ol the ztlbutn
Illllxll better than side one. lhc songs oti
thc Itlsl sidc lllt.‘ \cr} commercial.
exhibiting .1 disco hc‘lll. pseudo-soulful
totals. .tlltl Icss than intelligent ltt'ics.
"\hnkr it Hit." exemplifies this fire only
|\rit\ inthcxoiignict \lonininshakctout'
.|\\ off \litllltlld shake _\out itss offi
l ttotltllt \tlltl

Side two. on the other hand. contains
iltc best cut of lilcttt all. “ I he lti nttd Out
of low llltics" is an excellent song
lL'.tllll|llg\t)lllL'sllllllllng blucsguitarwork
ll_\ |lo_\d R.idfot'd. Ihc liot'ti
.itinngctncnls oti this sotigalso nddtothc
l{&li cllcct i.tthct than rust carrying tltc
butt of the song. .is on the first side.

"l’.it.illcl low" is another excellent
liltlL‘s arrangement. again featuring
Rndfotd on guitar. it's a pll) that the
stings on lltL' album that are getting the
tttitsl .ntpl.it are those songs w hich hate
the most tonittictctal sound. If ttiotc use
were tirade of Rttdlotd on guitar. and less
use llltltlc of the tt\L‘f|’ltt\t‘L‘l'tllg ltottt
section. then for sure the album would
hate had .t trittclr better o\crallelfect than
it does ttow. Winter iscxpcr'irrtcnting with
tattous for ms of tnttstc. tt')tttgto.\.cc what
\\lll tcccite the greatest audience
acceptance. | on!) hope that his next
album “I” be geared more toward the
rttotc progreser- blues sound that he l.\
capable of prodttcrttg. rather than tltc
llltlltilL‘ss disco-like cuts that are

‘

Pick up application forms for Undergraduate
Social Work in Mohawk Tower, rm. 1506.
They will be available starting Nov. 28, I977

The final date to hand in‘tho completed form is:
L M. i7, 197. J

 

 

 

 

 

The Residence Office announces . . .

 

that due to the anticipated demand for on-campus
housing for the Spring semester, undergraduate men and
women will be provided with an opportunity to be releas-
ed from their housing contracts for the Spring semester.
Students may apply for such a release by going to the
Housing Office, Ten Eyck Hall, Dutch Quadrangle dur-
in g the week of December thhrough 16. Release requests
will not be accepted after 5:00 pm. on December 16, I977.
Release requests accepted at this time become effective at

 

the end of the Fall semester, I977.

 

 

contained on the first side of thcalbunt J

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

30a Léoléz/

UNI-SEX

m
HAIRSTYLING

(Student Discounts with |.l).)
l’tt/u/ .S'utwon Sty/ing I’rmluclx

 

 

 

Appointment
(518) 482-7560.....41 State St, Albany

smudge 

PAGE 7A

 

 

 

 

 

