 

 

I‘M on ﬂea-"4A

Efﬁe“;

. . 4. .. aﬁm..,~c.,¢xn,~.4

 ~_ .7. ~mAz,-.I'Aw~»‘~vﬁn~

 

 programs in H i
bee City. span; 

_ university ’at

Ptatubtirgli. Participating Students
I live Inditud'y at McGill and Concor-
dia Unhenities in Montreal. and in’
QucbocCitytat French-speaking Uii-
ivenitc Laval. In both, program.
participants benefit from “a
cosmopolitan and international at?
inosphere. combined with the excep-

tional diversity of cultural activities.

Applications are currently being
accepted for the Full I977 semester
and for the I977-7tt academic year.
Expenses for tuition. fees—and room
and board are approximately the
same as those of your SUNY home _»
campus. (A small program fee is also
charged which helps to pay for field
trips etc.) In the Montreal program.
housing is provided in the Mc(iill
Uniyersity dormitories (single oc-
cupancy). or students may elect to
find off-campus housing. Students
take Ii\e three-hour courses during
the semester. two of which deal
specifically with Canadian subject
matter. 'I lie remaining three courses
are chosen by the students from an
unusually wide range of courses
which are iiiailahle in almost all dis-
eiplines.

In Que\ec City . students with little
or no command of french take an
intensive language program at I.a\'aI
University for one semester. For
those students “host: eomtnand of
French is at an adianced le\el.
courses may be chosen from many
disciplines. Students in the Quebec
City program Il\t.‘ \\ IlII l‘rench Ctlllil‘
dian families. Anun'li'ilgt' u/ I'T‘t‘llt‘ll
is nor ft'llllfl't'll in t'illri'r l/lt‘ .Il murth
ur Qm'her (‘iI_r programs.

The deadline lor applications is
April I. I977 but interested students
are urged to apply as soon as possi-
ble. Application forms are available
at the Offices of International
Education on all SUNY campuses.
Also. further information and ad-
ditional application forms are
atailable at the Center of litter-
national Studies. State Ilniwrsity
College. i’lattsburgh. New York
l290| (5I8,5fv4~20ilti).

Exam Courses
Investigated

The Boston ( Mass.) Federal Trade
Commission (FTC) regional ofﬁce is
investigating companies offering
courses preparing students to take
college entrance examinations to
determine if the companies might be
guilty of “unfair or deceptive acts
and practices.“

The commission wants to es-
tablish whether test .prcpuration-
company administrators can legit-
matcly claim the courses will help
students increase their test scores.

It the courses do not help st udents.
the FT C will consider whether the
companies are guilty of false adver-
tising even if they do not expressly
claim the courses will increase each
student's score by a given amount. '

Arthur Levine. an FTC attorney
directing. the inquiry. said in-
vestigators will question the ad-
ministrators of the courses. the test
designers (who insist that coaching is
not effective), educators.
statisticians. psychologists. and con~
sumcrs.

Levine asked all toseod their com-
ments about the courses to him at
FTC. 50 Causeway St.. Boston,
Mass. 02f I4.

PAGE it; “no

._-...as on o .-

SUN Overseas Academic Program in Egypt/ Israel
‘ l6 credits per semester
- Scholarships available for study in Egypt.

Application Deadline: April I5, .1977

 

For further information contact:
Office of International Education on your home
campus.
Office of International Studies at SUNY-
Binghamton for Egypt and SUNY-Albany for Israel.

 

Auditions for, martian '77 have beg...
Applications available in CC 36] or

call Reno ot‘457-7957,

or Howie at 482- 3759

 

 

 

This ad space donated by the Albany Student Press.

 

 

 

 

Thesearejustsomeofthefields you‘relikely
to work in while you're an officer in
the Coast Guard. ,

Of course.you'll get a lot of spe- 3*
cializedtraining. Not in the classroom.
but on the job while you perform your
duties. That way you'll develo leader-
ship and management skills. Ifhe Coast
Guard's a small organization with rela-
tively few officers. So we put our
talents and ability to use as quick y
as possible.

Coast Guard officers are well

Our roprunuttvowill be on your campus March 15

MMﬁMEE... some-

paid. But what we really offer you is richlv
 rewarding work. Work that's meaningful

 To you and to your country.
The Coast Guard's ot a lotto offer cul'
‘ lege graduates. So. be ore you decide wildt
1 you re 90th to do after graduation. get the
full story when our representative visit5
your campus. Your college placeme“t
office can arran e an appointment.
Or call us. toiI free. at 800-424-
8883 for the location of your
nearest Coast Guard officer re-

cruiter.

 

 

‘__.J

1

MARCH 8, 1977

citric: or” common: new

AwardSFteceived
by Eight "Faculty

Eight facultyﬁembers share four ofthe
30 awards provided through this year‘s
State University of New York Faculty
Grants for the Improvement of Un-
dergraduate Instruction. Scholarship and
research grants totaling $50,000 have
been awarded to faculty members on I0
SUNY campuses from 225 applicants.
The program recognizes excellence and
innovation in undergraduate teaching.

Recipients at the university are Arnold
Foster. sociology. in collaboration with
Paul Wheeler. sociology. and Robert
Sticrcr. management and planning. $3.-
500 for “Development of Teaching

Modules for Sociology"; Natalia

‘ Kisseleff. Slavic languages and literature.

$2.000 for “Carramate Project for Rus-
sian Civilization Studies"; Georges San-
toni. French. $2.000 for “Teaching Cross-
Cultural Understanding Through Visual
Media". and Linda St. Clair. rhetoric and
communication. in collaboration with
Stephen Taylor and Leo Lichtig. of the
same department. $2.|20 for “Group
Communication Profess and Patterns:
Videotaped."

-

Four Instruction "

~“1’ho world I o modhouoell Unuouol behavior to the order at tho doyll". proclaim: Dr.
Rance (Sol Eretto) to Geraldine (Deborah Ottovllno) In one of the loan. moment. at
State Unlverolty Theatre's production ot “Whot The Butler Sow" to ho prountod tn the
studio Theatre of tho“ Performing Am Center. Thorn-Sum. March 10-13 Ind Weds.-
8|t.. March 16-19. For ticket lnlormntlon cell the PAC Box Olllecot 45178600.

Two New Appointments

Sorrell Chesin. assistant vice president
for university affairs. has announced two
personnel appointments in the Com-
munity Relations Office.

Patricia Ricky Pearl has accepted a
part-time position as photographer. She
has studied photography at the Universi-
ty of Rochester and is currently a can-
didate for a B.A. in psychology at Empire
State College. Henduties will be staff
photographer responsible for providing
institutional photographic services. Ms.
l’carl may be contacted through CRO at

7-464}.

Chester (iitvryek has accepted a part-
time position as printing production
assistant. He has a background in com-
mercial art and printing and hits studied
at Russell Sage. Hudson Valley Com-
munity College and at Albany. His duties
will be assisting CRO‘s publishing direc-
tor iii the processing of printing requests
and in consulting with university in-
dividuals regarding their printing needs.
Mr. Gavryck may be eoiitiieted through
the publications office at 7-4643.

ECC Funds Summer Projects

Three professors have won faculty
grants for suinmer projects to improve
teaching techniques. They are Samuel
McGee-Russell of Biology. Natalia
Kisselcll oi Slayie languages and
literature. and Charles Hancock of
teacher education. In addition to
materials and production support form
the I'dueational Communieations
Center‘s I itle VI grant. the three winners
will receive a stipend of S I .500 for instruc-
tional tIL“.L‘IOp|Itt:lll during the summer
Irom the “flute 'tl the Vice President for
Academic Allatl‘s which announced the
awards.

McGee—Russell plans to develop a

slideztape and I'ilmitnpe presentation for
a course in animal histology. Professor
Kissclel‘l will work on a project incor—
porating slide and sound lessons for two
courses: Russian Civiit/ation arid Soviet
Society and Culture. Professor Kisscleff
“I” develop videotapes and correlated
student manuals illustrating basic skills
routinely per'lorined by teachers in secon-
dary school classes.

'I he projects are the result oftlie first of
a planned annual competition for instruc-
tional design. Selection of the winners
has made by the Educational Coin-
munications Center‘s Advisory Coni-
mittee. 'l be members are Professors

Civil Service Exams Offered

Applications and information concer-
ning the Civil Service examinations listed
below. and for continuing recruitment ex-
ams. are available from the PersonncIOf-
lice. 7-3924. Interested students are ad-
vised to obtain applications and informa-
tion from the Placement Office. AD l36.
The deadline for all applications is March
[4 except for the two continuous‘ex-
antinations.
20—l09 Engineer. .Ir. continuous
20-303 Stationary ling. Asst.continuotis
24—488 Career Opportunities Field
Representatives

 

TOWER TRIBUNE

Published weekly when classes are in
session by the Office of Community
Relations. State UnIVCI'BIly of New
York at Albany, as it service tothe un-
iversity community. Submit items.
properly identified. in writing at least
one week prior to publication date. to
Administration 237. For furtherinfor-
miition cull 7-490l.

 

 

 

MARCH 8, 1977

24—497 Bridge Maintenance Supervisorl
24-498 liridge Maintenance Supervisor II
24-535 Bridge Repair Supervisor i
24-530 Bridge Repair Supervisor II
24-436 Ilousing Management Asst.
24-437 Housing Management Represen-
tittive

24-499 License Investigator

24-537 Medical Conduct Investigator
24-529 Special Tax Auditor. Assoc.
27—60li Home Dialysis Nurse
27-639 Ambulatory Care
Analyst. Assoc.

27-640 Ambuliitory Care
Analyst. Principal

I

Job Openings I

Information about the following job
openings is available from the Personnel
Office. 7-3929. ‘
l’77-5 Technical Director. Theatre
l’77-6 Programmer Analyst. Computing
Center
I’77-8 Visiting Assistant
ASRC
l’77-9 Electronics]Instrumentation
Specialist. Mathematics

Program

Program

 

Professor.

Clarence Bergeson. Ronald Farrell.
Ibrahim (iambari. flames Kucthe. James
Mancuso. atid Bruce Marsh. and Deans
John Farley and ’aul Saimond.

Central Council News

Central Council opened last
Wednesday‘s meeting by swearing in new
councilpersons .loit I.evcnson. Bruce
Plaxton. Alan Sussmun. Clay Moliver.
and Sharon Ward.

The eottticil then passed Iiills which will
give initial appropriations to the Fire
Dragon Kung Fu Wu Sit Cltib. additional
appropriations to the .lewislt Students
Coalition and the (ierman Club. while the
budgets for the Off-Campus Association
and the Synchronized Cygnets received
line changes.

The Student Association of State Un-
iversity delegate announced that there
will be a state-wide rally at. the Capitol on
Mar. Is to protest the budget.

On Mar. l9. the Central Council will
play a wheelchair basketball game with
Students for Improvement of Programs
for the Handicapped. The contest will be
held in gym A and It at 7:30 iind tickets
will cost 25c for tax card holders and 50¢
for all others.

Speakers Directory
Available

More than I50 speakers on it wide
variety of subjects are listed in it new. up-
dated Speakers Bureau directory publish-
ed by the university.

Some of the new topics in the directory
are taxes. sexuality. Black culture. poetry
and new forms ofeuergy. Among other
subjects are physical fitness. careers.
foreign relations. politics. ethics. com-
munications. economy. aging and arts.

Copies of the directory may be ob
tained by contacting Speakers Bureau.
Admin 232. or bv calling 457-5976.

’. , ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

'A running maze Lyol‘ - exit
reappearances. clothes; swapping ah

' seductions inVolving psychiatrists.»

spectors and beilhops are part ol‘the‘com-v :
edy “What the ButlerSaw“ Which opens
‘l‘hur'sday at 8 p.m.»in the Performing.

gAr’ts Center‘s Studio Theatre; Director},

Albert Weiner. professor ofthcatrcisay‘s
the play is “a vividly black comedy
guaranteed to offend all but the hopeless-
ly insensitive." ' ' '

"What the Butler Saw“ is the first
production of State University 'l’heutr'e‘s
“Springtime of Comedy.“ Performances
will be held throtigh Sunday and again
the following Wednesday through Sutur- v
dity. ‘ '

'l'wo films. “The Big Dig“ and “Antlan-
tis." will be presented at 7:30 p.m.
tomorrow in Lecture Center 24. The first
is a carefully detailed account of the ef-
forts of a team of archaeologists as they
excavate the ancient mound of'i'ell tic/er
in Israel. “Atlantis” explores similarities
between the circumstances of Plato‘s
Atlantis and new archaeological dis-
coveries on the Aegean island of San-
torini. or 'I'hera. A major Minoan settle~
ment has been found there. once in-
habited by more than 30.000 people hitt
entotnbcd in ISO feet of ash for at least
3.000 years. The films are sponsored by
the Department of Anthropology and the
Department ol Classics.

David lirdmitn. professor of English at
SUNY. SlonyHrook. will read from one
of his works at 4 p.m. Thursday in IIU
354.

“Lancelot of the Lake." next in the un-
iversity‘s I’rizc International Cinema
Series. will be shown Friday and Satur-
day at 8:30 p.m. Directed by Robert
Iiresson. the film is a poetic vision of a
devout idealist in a world about to fall
apart. ' -

The film was shown at the I974 Cannes
Film l‘estival. the New York Film
I‘CSIIHII arid the San Francisco Film
Festival. Ihe dialogue is French with
lznglish subtitles. tickets are $2 (students
and senior citi/ens. SI.25)

“tiodspell” will be performed by a tour-
ing company at (i p.m. Friday in the PAC
Main l'heatre.

lixperimentiil Theatre performance of
“Why Hannah‘s Skirt Won't Stay
Downli“ will be presented in tlic Arcnit
theatre at 8:30 and l0:.'ll) p.m. Friday and
7:30 and 9:30 Sitturduy. Directed by
Barry Katz. the performance is free with
ticket.

Maura St. Mary will perform with flute
at a graduation recital at 3 p.m. Sunday in
the PAC Recital Hall. Free.

The Chemistry Department is spon-
soi‘ing three lectures throughout thercst
of this week in Chemistry Room l5l.
Speakers and their topiCs are: William
Saunders. of the University of Rochester
Chemistry Department. on
"Stereochemistry of Elimination Reac-
tions.“ 4:|S p.m. Tuesday; Omar Khalil.
of Rutgers University School of
Chemistry. on “Spectral Consequences of
lntra-and-lntcrniolecular Perturbations
in Strong Vibronicitlly Coupled
Systems." 4 p.m. Wednesday. and Kerry
Hipps. of the University of Michigan
Department of Chemistry. on V“Some
Aspects of Electron-Phonon Interac-
tions." at 4 p.m. Friday.

 

