 

 

 

 

shareware-m. 

skimnililﬁveyws.0nenf
eves)“ for: Edam d ideaed
mﬁummldrentht
dosavivemayhasesaioueonr»

meﬂt’mm
theBrofwalﬁseascnherpuis.

The
University Judicial
. Committee.

will be reviewing new members

Monday, January 31

for the Spring Semester. Interested students
are eligible-to be interviewed, and to submit

applications from

mum pm. in CC 370

 

can: loin St. lCennlAve. Albany
PRESENTS

The Rock & Roll Sounds of

NATIONAL PASSION

rrtasa. lan.28&29
SLOOadmistion

 

[Ame wean/Attth

UNIVERSITY CELEBRITY SERES
mum IlllllllEl
Haydn — Bartok -— Scrubcrt
mmnarx. my 30.1911
Tickets: $3.50 and 3110
W:

mum": Box Office
(6m moans

www.mw

 

“aw” on“

«Kasadopentomaround

 misappear within a

,ieibbnmayrecurperiodicallyup

utioyarsaftertheinitialcontact.

I'h'k the vino itself cannot be
tied. total treatments may be
appied to reduce pain and prevent
new Several other treatments
ate-now being studied in Seattle.
Washington. Doctors recommend

no gnu comact'is a person has.

 or open sores. Any sign of

(he abme symptoms warrants an im- ’

nietﬁate wish to a doctor or local
Wm

rmrswvr
Swap to Berlin

(SUN Y NEWS) The State Universi—
tyof New York and Israer seven un-
isersin'es have become partners inan
international program of scholarly
and cultural exclnnp which will pt
under way the year.

Former SUNY Chancellor Ernesr
I... Boyer and the presidents of the
Israeli institutiom signed an agree—
ment to promote faculty and student
exchanp. as well as collaborative
research. at a formal ceremony last
month at Haifa University.

University of Haifa President
Eliezer Ralaeli. speaking on behalf
of the Israeli institutiom. pointed

_ out that the agreement represented

the ﬁrst time a network of all of the
Israel Universities has been joined
together in an international ex-
change agreement with another
mum-campus uniterstiy network

The Israeli institutions whichjoin—
ed with SUNY in signingthe unique
agreement asre the largest research
and teaching institutiorn in that na-
tion.

“We are delighted by the prospect
of a -close and expanding
relationship with the Slate Universi-
ty of New York." Presdient Rafaeli

said.

Dr. Boyer. who discussed the
cooperative plan at today's meeting
of SUNY‘s Trustees. said a dis—
tinguished Israeli visiting scholar
program would begin this spring.
Each year Israeli scholars will be in—
vited to lecture at SUNY campuses
and join colleagues in research In-
itial funding will permit several 3;)-
pointments of varyinglength during
the next academic year.

“We are convinced that this
program. along with orber projects.
will greatly beneﬁt the State Uniter-
sity of New York. enriching both our
faculty and our students." Boyer
said.

“State University of New York
and the Israeli universities hate
much in common. and through our
new association academic quality at
our institutions will be enhanced.‘
Boyer said. 'Wc have declared our
intention to work together closely in
the days ahead. The administralhe
structure is now in plan. Obviously
the scope of the program depends
upon the financial support we can
secure. However. I am convinced an
important new step has been taken
and dramatic results will follow."

 

Int to tub I M
Call MlDDLE EARTH—616300
24 lloun a Day

 

 

 

putt. origin or hmtockl. m '

Japanese Prime Mlnlatar's‘l’rld Continues

TOKYO (AP) Weeping and clubbing hit eyes with a handkerchief, former
Prime Minister Kakuei ’l'analta denied in court Thursday that he accepted a
SL7 million bribe from Lockheed Aircraft Corp. Tanalta demanded
dismissal of charger against him in copnection with Lockheed’s admitted
payment of more than $I2 million to promote sales of its aircraft in Japan.
{For the honor of Japan and the United States. I state tlm no web thing took
place.”1’annkn told the three'judy paneltryinghim. There isnojurytrial in
Japan. The trialof T anakaand four others opened inthesmall‘l'okyo district
Court. which sent: fewer tlun 90 persons. From among In” spectators
wanting to get into the courtroom. 52 drew lots lojoin 32 reporters at the
opening session. '

Pope Patd VI Praises American Efforts

Pope Paul VI met with Vice President Walter F. MondalcThnrsday and told
him President Carter's pledge to work for anend to the arms race tin be '02”
immense service to the world.“ "I will bring your blessing to the President
and your strongman; of freedomjusticexmnpmionand peace which it :
want to be the centerpiece of cm new government." the vice president told lhe
Pope at the end of their meeting Mondale thenf'letr to London for a ire-eon;
with Prime Min'mer James Callaglnn that an aide said would focus on
Rhodesia, South Africa and Cyprus. The Meat-old Roman Catholic
pontiff received the globe-circling Presbyterian in his print: library and,
according to: Mondale aide,told hit-tithe United Statesrepreserm the

for the future. "We are convinced that «nothing that rounds. weaker-.5
dishonors life will destroy peace and degrade humanity.‘ Pope Paul 5:; .
‘and it is thus with optimism that we note the commitmem of your ptts‘adtt-I
in favor of the reduction of weapons. particularly nuclear weapons.

U.S. Relations with Cuba May Be Restored
WASHINGTOMAP) Secretary of State Cyrus R. Vance says the Cam:
administration would regrd Cuba‘s release of polit'xal Mix as an
indication Cuba '5 serioust interested in restoring relations with the United
States. according to testimpny- released Thursday. Vance sprain-.231}
mentioned the case (if Hd‘oer'hlgtcs'. whil’fou‘gfn for Fidel Castro's fore-es.
btrt later was thrown in prison after becomplained of Commisnist infiltration
in the guerrilla army. Matos has been in a Cuban prison since I959. serving :
20-year sentence. \‘ance said release of hiatus "acuid help the process :1
normalization of relations with Cuba. The Cuban government 1303:: .2
number of other political prisoners. including some American czth 'T 1‘:
release of these political prisoners as a gesture of good ml} and I
humanitarian act would be one indicationthat Cuba is gnous'tj. mum..-
starting a dialogue with the United State.‘

Federal Authorities To Ration Natural Gas
WASHINGTON tAPl Stripped of legalistic iargon. the :t“
legislation proposed by President Carter seeks unprecedented :
authority to ration natural gas. Congress is expected to app: C
request qurckl). under pressure of a gas shorug that has sire. ‘
estimated 400.000 or more workers and threatens to grew were
predicted return of se\crely cold weather. When he annou

\\ cdnesday. Carter preferred local! his proposaia‘reallcx; *

would ill—‘lhoflltd him to order any interstate pzpelin: to tr

natural gas to any other interstate pipeline or local dblflbullO.t tr
needs it desperately for homes. essent'ul services. small bus;
property—protection '

ob:
=di

Insurance Companies Avoid How Investigation
WASHINGTONIAP) Three Iarg insumnee companies are all:
supreme Court to block anattempt bythe National Organization to: \l .- . 
— NOW — to obtain goternment documents that outline hiring and M-
cIassification practices of the three firms. The requests (\z‘nluall) cute =
to a major test of what information maybe released under the f. 4
Information Act. passed by Congress to combat secrecy In goternmenz '
insurance ﬁrms. Prudential. Metropolitan Life and John Hancock. ‘u '
temporary victory Thursday it hen ChiefJuslic: Warren E Burger ruled

the documents may remain conﬁdential until he weighs the legal argu
Burger asked the Justice Depanment for its news about the comm-cm

N.Y.S. Legislature to Investigate Doctors

NEW YORK (AP) Accusing the medical profession of a “conspiracy ml
silence." Assembly Speaker Stanley Steingu: announced Thursday rt 1mm
legislatiie investigation of the licensing and disciplining of ph)§lcldns Ihc
announcement came four hours after the state'sConsumer Protection lirmrd
reported that the system for discipliningdoctors established by the Icgululllﬂ‘
in I975 had failed to weed out incompetent and unethical phlﬂt‘m'“
Steingut said areport prepared by his staffindicated thatan estimated 38.000
unnecessary operations were performed annually in New York State .ilnnc til
a cost of $392 million and that I.l90 of the patients died after surgs‘f.‘
Leonard Silverman. D-Kings. chairth of [he Assembly Suinde
Committee on Insurance. charged that “ghost surgery“ was perforated on u
wide-spread scale.

’__

 

h=======:

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

JANUARY 28. 1977

 

. 8“
ol SUNYA at physical plant: usage

of fuel "oil as ah'nllernative energy

source itntil.thir‘chl. according f
Plant Director Frank Kopf. addi'
too,ooo.to"stJNv/t'r mu " bl
Kopf  n8
burning either gas or fuel oil. was
scheduled to return ‘to .gaa. in'
February. ' ‘ ' 'v

ttlrcudy record snowf'ttlls.

the winter." (Al’)

 

in the Sprint, capable of"

Energy crisis prorated

Gov. Hugh Carey proclaimed an energy state of emergency in New
York State last night. assuming sweeping powers that will allow. the
state to order school closings, factory shutdowns and any other steps
needed to conserve’scarce supplies of natural gas.

"As he issued the emergency order. Carey also directed the National
Guard to mobilized to help Erie County and the City of Buffalodig out
from snow and ice. The area had been paralyzed during the day by a
severe blizzard and 50 mile per hour winds. which came on top of

Cttrcy' promised that the powers would be useful to insure that
“residential and other essential human needs tire met and thatjobs are
protected to the greatest extent possible.“

But state officials said curtailments to he ordered under the

.cmergcncy could cause hundreds of thousands of layoffs.

 In ll letter to Cill‘c)’ released Thursday Public Service Commission
:Chttirmttu Alfrcd Kuhn said the state‘s problem was caused by an“ex-
trttordinztry combination of circumstances" including cold weather in
New York. cvcn colder wcuthcr in other states that has limited the
amount of gas available to New York. a shortage of propane and other
substitutes. and dclztys in natural gas imports. ,

Of particular concern. Kuhn sttid. is that the state‘s gas companies
have drawn down their rcscrvcs. and “there is Very little protection left
against continued colder than normal weathcrduringlhe remainder of

; 'IK. ,
600.000cublc feet of; natural gar-a

.day‘ by burning the' fuel 'oilb‘tlttlte
vhgns. although. a diminishing

 

J

’ agreed lojply the added amount‘ln

effbrt to discourage the use of ' 

natural gas” and encourage the use of
alternative fuel souroeiysaid Kopf.
try subsidizing the increase Kopf
raid Niagra Mohawk Will prevent

the increased expenditure from being ‘

reflected in SUNYA‘s student
charges. __ .I .

Kopf noted that the utility was try-
ing to affect a I0% across the board

commercial and industrial reduction -

in gas consumption. but was en-
countering little cooperation. Niagra
Mohawk and the Public Service
Commission are now planning to
impose stiff fines on industrial users
that refuse to cut their usage of the
gas. according to Kopf. '

By cutting consumption by 10%.
enough reserve will be on hand to
prevent smaller companies from
closing or laying off workers. and
will also tissurc residential users of It
constant supply for the colder
months to come.

The change from gas to oil makes
little dif'fcrcncctothc SUNYA plant,
said Kopf which. like General Elec-
tric and some other large industrial
users. had dual fuel capabilities.

Kopf explained that the physical
chungcnvcr involves a little extra ef-
fort from the plant staff: “We just
change valves. there‘s not much of a
difference."

Trustees Declare  ' Positions

by Daniel Gaines

The SUNY-wide Board of
Trustees declared that the state un-
iversity system “must not be allowed
to deteriorate" in a position paper
released Wednesday. The trustees
also said they could accept a SUNY-
CUNY merger "if future realities de-
mand" and that the Board of
Regents and Education department
have caused “tensions. confusions.
and crises" by inﬂating their “claims
of authority" over SUNY.

Prepared for it slate commission
studying higher education in New
York State. the trustee's position
paper complained that SUNY “has
been forced to deny admission to
thousands of people". that SUNY's
share of slate monies have dropped
fifty-five million from last year. and.
that l3l progrttms have bccndiscon-
tinucd. Thcy warned that SUNY
cannot continue to absorb cuts
without rildlclllly changing the
nature of the system. _

The trustees do not favor u
SUNY-CUNY merger. pointing out
that “SUNY has worked hard to
build an identity of its own. just as
CUNY hits. and independence is
very imporlunt to us."

“To discurd what we have now in
favor of it new. untried arrange-
ment.“ the trustees' paper stated.
“would be unwise. even risky." The
trustees rccogitircd that New York
City‘s economy could worsen. und
udmil llllll the prospect uftt SUNY-
CUNY merger“is filled withcxciting
possibilities." Emphasizing that it
was more speculation. they outlined
their preference for "one public un-
iversity" ruthcr lllllll huving two
suite-funded institutions “divided by
politics and geography." They
suggested that the SUNY-CUNY
university system could be sub-

JANUARY 28, 1977

divided into regional clusters of
colleges. or organized on the basis of
missions (i.c.. health sciences
centers. university centers. colleges.
etc.).

“The only future we fear.“ states
the position paper, “is the possibility
of a steady erosion of quality and
service for both SUNY and CUNY."

Tower Tribune to Be Featured

by Stu Vincent

The Tower Tribune will shortly be
incorporated into the Albany Stu-
dcnt Press where it willoccupyl ap-
proximately l'/z pages ofevery nes-
day issue.

An agreement worked out
between Lewis P. Welch. Vice-
l’rcsidcnt for University Affairs and
Stephen Dzinunku. Editor In Chief
of the ASP.conttiined'the provisions
that the Media Relations Office.

The trustees added that they do not
believe there will be such an

economic necessity for it merger.
The trustees also adopted
resolutions discussing SUNY‘s
relationship with the Board of
Regents. The twa bodies are prepar-
ing for a lawsuit to determine who
continued on page eight

which publishes the two page Tower
Tribune,would still edit their own

‘copy before sending it to the ASPfor

publication.

“I think in terms of efﬁciency of
communications that a single
medium is probably more effective."
said Welch. “By getting a single issue
ll member of the university can get
more information than at present
with two separate Issuers."

Some editors of the ASPfavor the

 

Oil-Campus News of Note

lint uvulttu rt‘purlud tlll “mum an:
at particular Int-treat in tho unlvor-
altv cilm'nlltlllv.

cllrlllcﬂlllll‘ Ilt'ttuul flavor will In!
lcivlnu hlu SlJln Unlvnrnttv of New
Yuri. post after nevutl wear» to lurcumu
thu v.5. Cunntiwlunur of Education.
III ill-ll Crljrncltv IItI ulll dlrucl [llli
37-hlllltru llllll'u ill Iitlllc-tllmt In tho
Uupnrlmuut u! Hualth. Education. and
Hull-Ire.

0n IIu-lnurldnv Slant Silprcrnlr Clint! .Itin-
lice Iluruld llultlulit rulud tlmt Il-lurlt-
tlun Cummfnlfunur anld yvqulnt huh
lhu puuur tn tnrmlnnlu lhu hlnlurv and
English dunturnl prunram- burn. u
I975 when Nyqutut nunuuncud lhnl hr
lltld nrrlerr-tl no ttuw fﬂIllIlr-‘lllﬂlll Itu
unld Lllﬂlln «Int.in unrnllurl leuld Ito
allowed to complain thulr Ilndlcl.

lilinnt'ullttr litrqu Irlltl Itu would
"rucunmnnd to tho truutuun that tho
unlvurully appnal that dnrlllnn" when
lhuv muul un Jan. 26.

 

I CIWER TRIB NE

Vol. III :Iu. I; mwvwvnAL-Auv January Zill- WT,

lllu tllllvul‘rtllv lliln r|l|ﬂlllllllll ill ’1 nl

nu uptm Inuulllltt of _lltu llnlvurultv Sonata.
All mnmlinrn of tho nufvnrsftv cnmnrtnlty
nru lnvttud lo nllund thu Nunnlou which
ulll liu lll'lll lll lllu llnIIrnnm of [III
tum...“ Ituniur.

Rocoitt Appointments

Several uppntntnuntn nu rumpus have
nu.“ announced lurludlun that of ulurln
Uuﬁulu nn ucllnn directnr of tho Afllrnn-
ttvn Action tilllcu. nuncnt-illm'. Kny Harman.
Ur. llnSnln tin» linen lurvlur. III It“ also-
clntu in run ulflcte nlncl lnnt Aununt.
Enrllnr nlll‘ vmt nrnplnyad part-Hm In
the M ulflcu. llnfnru ennlnlt Intro rilin
un- pra'ununr of woman Itudlna nt ﬂkld-
lulu Gnllnun.

llnuglnn Alnnnnttnr Imn htntt tinned
ncllnn Dean of Hunnnfllun and runnpnlnt-d
chairman of tltr- Trunnlt llnpnrtmnt in
thraa yanrn honlnnlnn Supt. l, 19] .
Alpaundar'l actlnn daun-

 

Iu-vtnu llr

 

The Tower Tribune wlll be printed wlthln the pages at the
Albany Itudant Prue startan Feb. 15.

In narrowing,“ " W  
nmdn   T

Wellinutan Water-Break? .  
Floods Residents” Room

by Mathew Cox

A number of students at the Hotel
Wellington returned from interses—
sion to find their rooms damaged by
flooding from a broken water pipe.
. Damage to the rooms was minor.
according to Hotel General

Manager Ruben Gersowitz. but stu- V

dent belongings were affected.
Four students'rcportcd losses as a

result of the brcttk._which'occurrcd'

on the tenth floor and was dis;
covered by hotel management on
New Year‘s Day.

Bruce Licsc. ti Resident Assistant
git the Wellington. suffered the worst
damage. He estimates he lost rough-
Iy. 100 record ulbums. Gilbert
Ramirez suffered damage to his
stereo speakers us well its records
and books. Other students reported
ruined albums, posters and a guitar.

The cause of the break is not
known. .Gersowitz said that the
broken pipe curried hot water. and
did not burst from freezing. “Some
of these pipes are pretty old. and
sometimes it just happens. It‘s
nothing you look forward to. but it
happens."

Damage to belongings was con-
fined to objects that were resting on

move. According to Spence Raggio,
Managing Editor of the paper. “One
plan under consideration would‘in-
crease the circulation of the ASP in
the buildings on the podium. It may
also be delivered to faculty mailbox-
cs."
More lmmedlacy

Welch also saw n time advantage
in having the Tower Tribune in the
ASP. "The ASP offers more im-
mediacy. it's put together faster due
to its larger staff and better equip-
ment. giving a more timely sharing
of information."

The Tower Tribune was first in-
troduced to the SUNYA campus in
the spring of I970 “because of a
generally expressed need on the
parts ofall segments of the Universi-
ty community for It reliable publica-
tion which provided information on
Issues of major Interest." according
to Nathalie Lampman of the Media
RcIutIons Ofﬁce and Editor of the
Tower Tribune. “Again since it first
began." she continued. "we have
never missed lln issue on date of
issue.

She stated that the idea of the
Tower CTribunc I” 8"
administration-centered paper warn
misconception us it covered a'wide
range of events affecting the whole
university community. “We have a

ALBANY STUDENT mas

or near floor level. Water. dripping
from the tenth floor into rooms
beneath the break. soaked the ﬂoors
of some rooms llnd caused ceiling
paint to blister. The students
affected had to élclin‘rugs and air oiit
their room before they could move
in. -

A year ago the hotel was damaged
by water whenmorc than one pipe
froze' and burst. The hotel‘s boilers
were being repaired til the time. and
both heat and hot water had been
turned off In the building. The rooms
Were vacant for Intersession at the
time.

One of the students who suffered
losses due to the recent water break
says he plans to seek“: settlement '
with the hotel management. The

three others. all Resident Assistants
at the hotel. indicated that’they will
not seek to recover losses. '

Damage might have been more

extensive. according to Wellington
Student Director Fred Litt. had
more of the rooms involvcd been oc-
cupied. The rooms most damaged by
the water are thelargest in the hotel.
he said. and of not rented as doubles
are usually either given to R.A.'s or
left vacant. .
in ASP
striking degree of independence,"
she said. in reference to the ad-
ministration. “Thc staff decides what
should be covered. People tend to
think of the Tower Tribune as a
public relations publication when in
fact it is a service operation.“

The publication started out as a
two page. weekly paper. and in
response to “public demand" later
changed to an alternating two page
issue one week and a four page issue
the next. Lampman said staff time
commitments and budgetary
problems reduced the size of the
paper back to the two page format
and eventually to its present pic- '
turelcss look which is typed its op-
posed to being printed. according to
anpman.

The three staff members, Lamp-
mun. Robert Rice. the Managing
Editor. and Gerry Green. the Staff
Writer of the Tower Tribune have
journalism backgrounds. For exam-
ple. Lampman said she had been
Assistant Editor of Business Week
for four years at well as Managing
Editor of the Hudson Daily Star

Lnrnpman rind Raggio pointed
out the possibility of story duplica-
tion by thi two publications but
agreed that having two different
viewpoints, on the tame subject
would be interesting for the reader.

PAGE 

 

 

