 

 ~it..=‘.-.—".icci.;.<1‘

SPRING EVENT

"1-1 PM — Beer. soda, & pretzels on the quad.
‘ Entertainment out on the quad '
(in U—Lounge‘ in case of rain).
3 PM — 3000 balloons will be released from
the tower.

7 PM-l AM — Party with bash in the U-Lounge.
7-9 PM — Casino featuring color wheels.
roulette. dice table. and various
card games. $.25 per packet of
play money for gamblers!

9 PM] AM — Party featuring National Passion

I.D. required to drink

Thursday, May 12, 1977

 

.  Mariam (2)

 

 Coordltor _ .
Switchboard Coordinator

ualll'le

Two years of paid full-time work in a Human Services setting and current
enrollment in a related graduate program.
or
one year of graduate studies in a Human Services Programand one year
of paid full-time work in a Human Services setting.

sea '

(l) Crisis Management

(2) Counseling skills

(3) Demonstrated supervisory and management experience
(4) Leadership ability in designing workshops

(5) Demonstrated ability to facilitate work and clinical groups

I t . . .
“iiitzrzested persons should submit their resume and arrange for an Interview
Barbara Hoffman
Middle Earth
[02 Schuyler-Dutch
457-7588

SUN YA is an equal opportunity afﬁrmaliva action employer.

HTIIDDLE
BRETT)

 

 

funded by .t'liulmi (l.\.\llt Itllliill J

 

Good Luck Graduating Seniors
and Good Luck to All on their Fina/s

 

 

Student Association wishes to thank the

following organizations for

their help in organizing and producing Mayfest ’77

l lll\t'l‘\|l. \ll\ll.lt\ \i'iuci's
I |ll\t.‘l\ll\ i oiict-rt llo.ud
\ptuilei‘s l'ornm
Student \t'll\|l|t‘\
lit-tin \igniu I'i
l'illlt'l' ( Illli
loit'li
(lttss til '//

Still) lt‘llL‘ll lititiksltil'c
(untact ()tlicc
l'nblic bulet)‘ Department
I lie cutirc \t'iil'k cren
and all ol lllt‘ \pt't‘ltlltil's

\slli't‘lill thanks to llennis :\llllliltl and \I Solon‘av

fesf’ii'

funded by student association

 

 

 

 

 

 

. xi”

,. we re

oriﬁce or comaunrrv RELATIONS.

Citizen Laureate Award Winners are Ivar Glaever. left, Nobel Prize winner and a

biophystctsl at the General Electric Research and Development Center. and Rep.

Samuel stratton. of the 28th Congressional District. They will receive their awards at a

June to dinner in the Campus Center Ballroom. Tlckelslor the event may be purchased

from the University Foundation at Albany(7—4390) and from Richard Kukuk(462-1177),
ticket chairman.

Spring Faculty Meeting
Lacks Necessary Quorums

Without the necessary 40 percent
quorum present. the locally at its spring
meeting last week in the Campus Center
Iinllrooni was unable to vote on a
proposal by University Senate to delete
troni the l‘acnlty lly-l.aws the time limit
on student representation until the
locally amends the by-Iiiws. the vote now
Will be determined by mail ballot which
requires a minimum 40 percent response
and a two-thirds majority in favor in
order to become ettcctivc.

lhc election ol lour members to the
Committee on Nominations and
ltlections took place as scheduled.
lzlectcd to two-year terms were Edith
Cobanc. physical education; Donald
l.it.'(lt:|. history; Roy Klages. business: and
Richard liistor. library.

l:ngcne Mcl.ni'cii presided at the
meeting at which l’rcsidcnt l‘iclds
reported to the liicnlty. l'rcsident Fields.
who will leave during the summer to
become president ol Vanderbilt
University. said. in part. “I assure you
also that no part ol my decision was based
on disenchantment Willi the luturc oi the
university here or loss ol conlidcncc inthe
State University‘s ability to meet its
challenges or concern lorthctnturc ol the
llniicrsity Center at Albany.“ lic listed a
number ot "liopeltil signs in our midst.“
including among several a significant
increase in grants. it new (lean of
Immunities and line arts. and three-year
plans submitted by deans and directors
non under discussion.

in the absence ot a 20 percent quorum
needed to do business. the locally could
not tlL'i on a resolution culling tor the
ieconiniendntion to the University
t onncd by SUNY’sactingclitinccllorol ii

 

TOWER TRIBUNE

I'ulilishcd wcckly \ilicn classes are in
wwmnbimeUWWinlmmmmm
lteliitnins. \tiite liinieisily iii Ne“
\oii .it Albany. as n WH'IL‘L‘ lntlic nn‘
umny community Snlinnt IIL‘III.\.
pttlllsll) idcnlilicd. in noting lIl least
our nch pi an to piiblteiiiiondtnt. In
\dinuustiatinn 217. I‘m lllllllt‘r intui-
inninin call 7-4‘ilit.

 

 

distinguished lormcr president iii a minor
tinnersity to serve as interim president
here until it successor to President Fields
has been named. Later. a inotton to recess
the meeting. because there was no
quoruin.'until May l l was delcatcd 45 to
4.1.

~'l'he Council on Research of the

university is in the process of preparing its

final report to' President‘gl’ield's: iii'rivthc -

socuil risks. it any? i‘iis oii'thc

benelits and limitations“ of “the :'

experiments being proposed by university
investigators who want to use the
recombinant technique, l'hercportwill‘
be transmitted oljicially on ‘MtiyflS.
At this time. according- to William
V Hcdbcrg. assistant Vice president for,
research. no recombinant experiments
requiring the P2 level ol containment are
being conducted. Veryshorlly.dcpcnding
on when certain carpentry work can be
lunslictl. experiments requtring the Pl
level oi containment wtll begin. Hm I; ttcr
are related to a res 'arch project that has
as its obiective t he development ol greater
understanding ol the iiitrogcn-lixing
genes ol a bacteria known as Azobaclcr.
llic particular bacteria is known to
exchange DNA With other bacteria in
nature.
lhc liiinl report WI“ address the
Council on Research‘s assessment oi the
possible risks as well as the potential
beiielits invoIVed wrth thctcchiiiquc. l'hc
report also Will make recommendations
concerning the establishment of an
institutional biohiizards committee to
supervrse the'guidclincs and regulations
under which experiments involvmg the
technique Will have to be conducted here.
i Ihc linal area which Will beaddresscd by

. iliere’s'uu 9
experiments presentlybeing prop

the council has already sponso
university seminar on thcnslitjije _ .
was attended by approximately
pcoplc‘.’ Additionally. most of the council
attended; a {second student-sponsored
forum at which the views of nationally
recognich opponents to' the technique
were given. and the council is working
hard in an attempt to put together a third
semi our to be conducted before the end of
the semester that J'thl locus on the
question, ol regulating the use ol the
technique or how iiillcli regulation and at
what level is that regulation required
local. state. or national in order to
insure the sntcty ol the people Working
With rccom hintint materials as well as that
ot the general public.

I he council has ex pressed pleusurethut
there is as much interest in the whole
DNA SithCCl as there is and. contrary to
what has been reported in the press. it was
pointed out that the university is anxious
to provtdc inlormation and the best
professional advrcc and explanation
about the techniques to respond to
questions motivated by eoncerns_uhout
reported risks associated with ‘thc
research. '

Campus News Briefs

Joseph Zacek. history; Dolores
Rosenblum. English; and Anne Roberts.
University Library, have received
prestigious fellowships. Dr. chek will
spend the I977-78 academic year
researching and writing “A Modern
History ot'the Crcchs and Slovaks“ under
ii major sabbatical grant from the
Rockefeller Foundation. Dr. Rosenblum
will spend the your writing a book on
Christian Rossetti and will deliver a series
of lectures at one of the undergraduate
colleges of the City of New York. She is
one of 10 humanist scholars in the nation
to receive a “2.000 Andrew W. Mellon
Post-Doctoral Fellowship. Ms. Roberts.
one of 17 outstanding midcarcer
librarians to receive ii fellowship from the
Council on Library Resources, lnc.. will
study crcdit courses in library instruction
taught by librarians in the university
centers and four-year colleges ol'the State
University ol New York.

*ﬂtit

Chancellor‘s Awards for Excellence in
Teaching have been conferred by State
University of New York on John
Aronson and Keith Ralclil'f. both ol'thc
Department of Physics. The awards
provide a one-time $500 grant. SUNY
also made live awards in librarianship
and administrative services to
professional staff members here.
Associate Librarians Sara Knapp and
Antic Roberts received Excellence in
Librarianship recognition. while
lixccllcncc in. Administrative Service
awards went to Robert Gibson. senior
academic advisor. Jo Ann Krinisc.
programmer/analyst. and John Welty.
director of residences.

At the final meeting of the 1976-77
University Senate last week. a bill was
passed establishing academic retention
standards for parttiine students and
action was postponed until the fall on a
proposal to eliminate the Council on
Promotions and Continuing
Appointments. It was announced that
Shirley Brown. psychology. has been
elected president of the State University
of New York Facultv Senate.

tiiti
Dr. and Mrs. ‘iiul Lemon have
endowed tor 20 years the annual cash
award and lecture hearing his mime. For
the past three years. Dr. Lemon. former
chairman ol biological scrcnces here. has
funded an award tor the master‘s or
doctoral thesis constituting "an
outstanding contribution to our
understanding ol the ecological and
Clll’ll'Olllilcnlitl problems. inter-
relationships. and challenges In the
nattirnl world." and has sponsored it
lecture on an environmental topic.
ti!!!

Alumni Weekend I977 will take place
Friday-Sunday. with all classes ending in
"7" or “2" having reunions. headed by the
fiftieth reunion of the Class of '27. The
Saturday awards luncheon and the
banquet that evening highlight the

weekend.
it‘d.

For the second straight year. a student
has won both English Department
writing awards. Cynthia Gregory has
received the Lovenheim prize for the best
poem. “this could happen." and the
Mollwainc prize for the best short story.
“Exiting Sun." James O‘Rourke received
honorable mention in the Mcllwaine

contest for his short story. "Through the
Hourglass. Darkly." - ' t
‘*“t

Janet Hood. director of Student
Health Services. emphasizes that women
in the first trimester of pregnancy should
check with their obstetricians or Student
Health rcgtirding the threat of rubella
(Uerman measles). In addition. women
wishing to become pregnant should be
certain of their immune status before
conceiving. The university is having an
outbreak of rubella. which can seriously
damage unborn children if contracted by
the mother.

*OCCM

The campus chapter of Phi Beta Kappa
will induct l29 student members‘ at a
dinner in the Campus Center Ballroom
from 6-9 this evening. Mark Berger.
foundations of education. will deliVer the
address.

"i‘!

Mike Lissner has been chosen
chairperson and l’rcd Brewington. vice
chairperson. of the 1977-78 Central
Council. Sworn in last Wednesday as
members at next year‘s student legislature
were Hill Collins. llob Lictman. Dave
Liross. Abbie Harkins. liill Heyes. Arthur
Hidalgo. l’aul Jeffery. Mark Kirsh.
Debby Lyon. Steve l’nss. Diane l’iche.
Bruce l’liixen. Debbie Ruskin. John
Sharky. Suc Sokol. Ronnie Stern. and
Dave Weintrauh. Only four of the
members have previous Central. Council
experience.

O'tﬁt

This is the limit issue of Tower Tribune
tor the spring term. The next publication
date is Monday. June 27.

 

MAY 10.1977

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

i

PAGE Nina:

 

 

