 

' ﬁlers
l ii

 

 

 

 

 

 

"yam. .4th ANNUAL
SPRING CONFERENCE

SUNY ALeANv
Saturday, Feb. 12. 1977

Speelal Workshops on: Polltleol Iotonn; Social Justice;
Consumer Protoetlon; and Energy Altornotlvee.

For Information on Transportation and Accommodations. Contact:
MANHATTAN (212)349-6460  rattan (513) ass-oars
0UEENS(212)520-8616 \ / BINGHAMTUN (son 798-4971
srouv anoox r516) 2mm k /_ BROOKLVN (212) 338-5906
SVRACUSE (315)476-8381 _ BUFFALO (716)831-2715

NEW vonrt PUILIC nastiest nesuncn ensue. inc. ‘ V
funded by student association

 

The University concert Board
presents

LARRY CORYELL &
special guest Dialogue

multi-medio presentation

at PAGE HALL
FRIDAY, FEB. 11
at 8:00 pm

Tickets: $1.50 w/tax,
$2.50 others

Tickets will go on sale Thurs. Feb. 3 in
the SUNYA Campus Center

Extra buses after the performance to the
SUNVA uptown campus will be available.

 

S.A. & CLASS ELECTIONS

Class of 1980:
Pres. & V. Pres.
Council (7)

Class of 1978:
7 Council (2)

University Senate:

Nominations open Feb. 1 - 11

Central COunciI:

Commuters (2)
Colonial (1)
Alumni (1)
State (1)

Commuters (4)

Self nomination forms available in SA office CC 346

Elections are Feb. 15, 16, 17

funded by student association

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By DAVID GOLDHIRSCH

In a large orchestra. it is “difficult to achieve
richness. For no matter how skillful the
players. sheer numbers make perfect tuning
improbrrble. Tlte magic of tonulity doesn't
really work until cacti string is in perfect tune
with the others. It is in a chamber group that
htis magic spellbinds me: for a properly tuned
and well-played cello can make my bones
vibrate. '

l-had just such an experience this past Srin-
day. at Page Hall. The Cionipi String Quartet
performed three peices. each one as tight and

correct tempo is how easily an audience takes
it for granted: it is deceptively easy to rush
Mozart. or to drag a piece sircli as the
Lmuloskawki. ‘fhe grottp blarided rich tone.
metric grace. and coritraptrntal dynamics in all
the pieces.

The two most impressive things for me were
the excellence of the cellist. Mr. Rairrii. and
the extraordinary power of t he viola. General-
ly. a viola is thought to he too small for the rich
harmonics of a cello. but too large for the
brilliance ol'lhc violin. I cannot tell whether it
was the skill ol the composers. thesliape ol the
Hall. lucky tuning (if indeed there is such a
tlting). or simply marvelous instruments: btttl
heard sortie exquisite sounds from the viola.
especially during the tirtti sections. It was as if
each instrument vibrated sympathetically with
it. I

The one "modern" piece on the program
was particularly impress c. despite one
woman's comment that it sounded like a
sqtrcakirrg mouse. Although divided Into two
sections (Introductory Movement and Main

By MICHAEL M:\S('l€l.l.l

rVir'lw/iu/t'mr is Peter liogdonovich's latest
film eflort. and although it is diffictrlt to say
exactly what the film Is. there are many things
that it is not. Nickelodeon is not a historically
accurate portrayal ol the beginnings of motion
pictures; it is not particularly well directed.
cast. or acted: it is not imaginatively
photographed or structured; it is not poss s
cd of anything llrat resembles a musical score;
and iii general is not a very worthwhile lilm.

llogdonovich attempts tocapturc the day to
day hardships ol a "blanket" (l’atcnt
violating) film company III the years iust alter
the turn of the century. like the pioneers ol
the Old West. thcsc improiisrirg independents
had no training. little experience and even less
scruples. l’lrcir code was simple: slcttl trom
rtrryorrc and anywhere-as long as II will makca
buck. lronicrrlly it wrtstltesc illegitrriiatc fledgl—
ing companies that ultimately produccd the
first true film artists. As llogdonovich
struggles to point out. the “(ircatest l'ilm direc-
tor alive". l).W. (iril'fith became a refugee
from the "system in order to produce his own
kind oi lilrrrs. That was the setting. Everyone
stealing from Griffith and each other in ii nirid
scramble of oric-upmansliip.

Enter Leo l'larrigan (Ryan O‘Neil). a
floundering lawyer who literally stuirihlcs into
the illegal film business. He begins writing
scripts fora pompous producer (llriirn Keith)
and eventually is put in charge ofir West Coast
outpost. His “company” consists of an over-
thc-hill theatre actor. an ambitious although
slow-wilted cameraman (John Rittcr). iin ag-
ing glamour actress (Stella Stevens). an irr-

 

FEBRUARY 8, 1977

delightful as one could wish for. The mark of

f Ciompi String Quartet:
7 Kéen on the Chords

Movement). it sottnded to me like one con-
tinuous Sonata-allcgro t heme-and-variations.
il'that isn’t mixing up my forms too much. The
metrics were line here: which is saying a great
deal in a piece where the rmrin theme is as
sparse and tricky as a rhythmic excercise in
Music Theory class. The piece wasenjoyablc.
I hope to hear more ol'the group.espccittlly
if Mr. Ciompi (the claririetist) plays along. in-
deed. all the players exhibited something
which is usually taken for granted: they strove
for beautiful sounds rather than trivially vir-
tuostic exhibition. l'hev certainly seemed to
enjoy themselves. and it showed favorably. It
was a lovely way to spend an afternoon.

 

 

. r
v, Hull‘
1 ‘,.‘rlirrr”I

 

 

This Sunday JSC sponsored a brunch tor the rellel ot Sovlet Jews.

JSC: Raise the Iron Curtain

Ity BENJAMIN ALTER

This past Sunday. tltc Jewish Students
(‘oalrtion sponsored a bagel brunch as part of
its fund-raising campaign to help Soviet Jews
emigrate from the USS. R. As illustrative of
the plight ol these imprisoned people. Mrs. II-
otra (iolani. the guest speaker. gave a sudden-
ing account of the life of her own uncle he
too a victim of Soviet emigration laws.

Mrs. (lolani‘s uncle. Victor Yelistratov. is
only one ol lltoltsrtntls of Soviet Jews who rrrc
denied permission by the Sovrct government
to lctnc the country. During the process of
application tor a \ter. he lost hisjobasa radio
engineer and was lorccd to survive on an in«

Nickelodeon:

credibly precocious Iarrn girl ('latum O'Neil).
rind tr compliment of genuine ham acting
lraysccds. loss in an inept cowboy. turned in—
ept l’atents agent. turned inept actor (Burt
Reynolds). and a near-sighted “Calamity
Jane" actress (.lrrne Hitchcock) and add a wry
reluctant director.

lhe prolound irony ol the film is that it
seeks to portray the illegal lilrn companies
stealing each others' ideas. while llogdonovich
lirnrscll steals nearly every idea used in
:\"r'rlrr-lmlt-uu. Right trorn the start he employs
r (‘hrrplincsquc \rlliarr to pursue ()‘Ncil
through a series of litlle‘I’ Keaton and Three
Stooges obstacles until he finally meets
producer llrirrn Keith. Ilrrs meeting scene. as
w rtlr much ol the dialog. is cliched and poorly
handled. O‘Neil then morireritarily rircets dir/y
.lanc Hitchcock on her way .o New York.
\thcrc slit: conveniently humps into loot-
suited llurt Rcynolds. Alter several near mis-
ses their seemingly inescapable tatcs bring the
three together. ()‘Neil rrrrd Reynolds stage a
contest to determine the poorest fighter a
draw. hclol'c they finally scoop up June
Hitchcock and get down to films (remember
lilrris‘I). Bogdotioviclr does not even "borrow"
well. as almost every Iilm story is a take-off
trorn rrrt earlier lilrrr (many are lliogrnphs by
l).W. (irilfitlr: ri/llll'l' Genesis. A (fir/mu] "or
Trust, lIrIIII/r' of lr'ltli'rlrrrrlr Gulch. Rtrrrrolra.
alto (irmrr 'I'rrrirr [tabla-Hr). This should have
enhanced the authenticity bitt. instead. the
stories chosen are cirricrrt tires of bad films. and
they serve only to perpetuate the myths about
this period of film history. Front what
llogdonovich shows us of early films it

adequate plumbcr's salary. For him. the
traditional “next year’ in Jerusalem" oath
represents an agoni/ing prayer.

Yclistratov. and others like him. extremely
dissatislicd with their late. actively
demonstrated lor their right to emigrate. 'l'lrc
Ktili. (Russian Secret l’olice). dissolved the
protest. transported the dissonunts outside ol
town and beat them. Yelistrator was then
jllllCLl lor ill ty days. lhesc l‘t'/ll.\‘t'llf/\'.\. as those
who are rcluscd visas are called. believe that
international support is vital in furthering
their cause. "We ask you to be on vigil. . .do
not torgct us."

Mr. Yelistratm has not experienced
perhaps t he \vor'st hardship a rrf/rot'rrilr can tln-

dcrgo. the Siberian labor camp. Those irt the
bagel brunch \ tcwed a stirring film about the
wretched plight ol the unl'ortunates irt these
camps entitled I'I'f.\llllt‘l‘.\ ol'(‘n)r\-cicrrr~t'. l'hcre
ts a real tear that Mr. Yelislr'atm might ar-
bitrarily be destined to a similar late.

I his rs why the .IS(‘ will exert cflort armed
at pressuring the Russian government into
granting Mr. Yelistratm his Ireedom. Marcia
llrrncllarb and Ricky l’opowit/. cit-chairmen
ol the World .lewr) committee at SUNYA.
will direct a musst letter-writing campaign
to this end. I lie r'tfltot'rriltxi are not asking any
cxtraurgarrcc. as they explain. “we don't ask
for material things. we ask for our lives.“

Dime a Dozen

appears that The [fir/Irina .Vrltirm( I915) mtrst
haw been handed down to (iriffith on two
stone tablets. lhc [act is that five years and
over 400 Itlnis ol expel imcntation arid refine-
ment prececdcd (irillith‘s masterpiece. For the
conclusion. liogdonovich brings his troups to
the West Coast openingof lh'rrlr. ostensible to
he struck down in awe. The event was indeed
awesome: the grainy. stretch printed. mis-cut
images comey noiic ot the power of the
original and the film is lcll a mere shadow of
its trrtc sell. IfiI‘I/l leaves the troupe rc-inspired.
and arty knowledgeable viewers alienated.

liogdortrnich correctly assumes that not all
\icwers arc lilrn historians. but he provides lit-
tle clse ol merit for the audience. One of the
high points Is .lane Hitchcock. Her (any. un-
inhibited acting livcns up many otherwise drill
moments. She also dress s up several scenes in
sortie berrutilul period costumes. John Ritter.
as the dedicated cameraman is quite sufficient
in his supporting role: he literally supports
several scenes. The comic figure trrid butt of
many gags is llurl Reynolds. lleis astereotype
butloon. crashing from one slapstick gag to
the next and although there is too much
slapstick. sortie (especially with the saddle)
does work. Reynolds is Reynolds. a brim; and
his character should have been written more
around ltirn. llrian Keith as the producer wins
the award for the most stereotyped character.
H is‘incessunt bellowing is neither productive
nor entertaining. However. in an un-
characteristic ‘mornent of reflection after
ﬂirllr. he does give u ntoving speech about
Griffith and the future of film. -~

As in the early films. Bogdonovich rises the

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

same actors lronr picture to picture. llere.
Ryan and latum ()‘Neil complete the cast.
'l'atum is less that believable as she goes from
unmercilully mean to sugar sweet while
spouting otl' polished scenarios plageri/cd
[mm the classics. But at times she seems to be
the only character with any imagination. As
'from her acting. mic can only hope she does
not emulate her father. The flimsy plot rests on
the shoulders of Ryan O'Neil. a burden
beyond his abilities, l-lc fails to convey the
tenacity. dedication and artistic vision his
character should have embodied.

The visuals are not particularly noteworthy
save sortie nice rack-locus depth of field work
and some movrng shots. especially with the
balloon. 'l he groupings look very staged and
the blocking is weak. Unfortunater
Hogdonovich tricks on sevei‘itl “iris” shots that
do not have anything to do with the image.
The slow pace is not helped bythc use ofmany
longtakes (one L'hr'istrnan partyshot is several
minutes long). nor by the non-existent musical
score. 'I he only rnusrc in the film is [I campy
harmonica played by one of the “actors”. yet
again reinforcing tr myth about early films.

It is sadly ironic that many ofthe films ofthe
l9ltl-l915 period are bettcrthanthis I976 film
about them. By this time in film history. many
directors were successfullyincorporating all
the-elements of cinema to produce carefully
crafted stories that work with audiences even
today. Neither the pioneer spirit. nor the ar-
tistic aspirations and triumphs of these early
days is captured inNic/relodean it is merely a
contrived. hollow story with it nostalgic

backdrop. J

PAGE THIRTEN

 

 

