 

     

 

 

 

‘ ... A .371?“ 2...; ..

 

a.“ .,. e r~.«_‘—v‘t~ “An/Nvd's‘es

 

  

 

WWW“ .c. n1.‘-V-A~.¢)ustxn:f'm”4l‘<‘th7r‘t ml.

mt.

 

@331»

   

 

 

 

 

 

   
 
   

 

 
 
  
  
  
   
  
  

 
 

 
 

   

 

 

 

"’ on? campus?

i

i . 'l‘othe  i

. ,The possiblityjhat research involving gene-
splicing with recombinant DNA molecules
will lead to the creation of organisms that can
neither be contained in the laboratory nor

"destroyed if proven to be a threat to human or

other life is at the center of the controversy

v surrounding this research.

To conclude a discussion of the potential
hazards of this research; to be carried out by
two SUNYA biologists. as Ed Rader did in
“Bio Profs Explore Gene Defects” (March l5).
with‘the statement: “Many scientists believe
that the potential beneﬁts of recombinant
DNA research outweigh the potential
dangers.“ is to. ignore the two year self-
imposed moratorium on this research which
recently expired and the inadequacies in the
research guidelines issued last June by the
National Institutes of Health. It is to ignore, as
well. the claim of the noted Harvard biélogisi
and Nobel prize winner. George Wald. that.
"Recombinant DNA technology faces our
society with problems unprecedented not only
in the history of science. but of life on the
Earth." Even the state of New York is not

  

guilty-of Rader's'ove'rsight: the attorney
general's environmental‘health bureau. after

' holding. public hearings on the gene-splice

technique. has prepared a bill to control this

1 research; needless to say. the bill has yet to be

introduced into the legislature.

Rader‘s unquestioning attitude towards the
biology-priests' apologetics is
understandable—he is a believer; it is only
natural that R‘ader should fail to be appalled
by Zitomer and Holmes’ unacknowledged
assumption. viz. that they alone can make
decisions for us. on matters that involve all of
us. For the university to have failed to consult
with that communityit has pledged to serve
betrays its inability to grasp human concerns.

A public hearing on the proposed research
ought to-be held as soon as possible. The
Biology department had no right committing
itself to a research plan that could endanger
the health of the university's students and
employees as well as the people of the
community. This is one issue we can not leave
in the hands of the "experts". The decision to
embark upon this research should reside in the
hands of those who would bear the brunt ofa
mishap.

A March l8 editorial in the Knickerbocker
News perhaps expresses their feelings:
"Academic freedom'has never entailed the
right to put the community in danger of
physical harm..Those who argue that the risks
are ‘merely‘ theoretical should keep in mind
that the possible benefits. too. are ‘merely‘
theoretical. SUNYA. which didn't even have

IL-..-..-...-...--....... 

 

 

Thosegpig Wheels
Keep‘o’it Rolling

by Jet! Seardino

As the residents of Alumni Quad. who are
most dependent on the bus service. we feel that
a takeover by CDTA would be a costly
mistake. as of right now.

We are voicing our opinion on the basis of
hearsay. and rumor. However. it is difficult to
discuss the issue under the present
circumstances because of the lack of
communication from CDTA to us. the
residents of Alumni Quad.

We understand that various C DTA officials
have met with a special committee comprised
of students and administrators. The way
CDTA has been treating SUNYA. this
committee. and the residents of Alumni Quad.
with their lack of coherence is a crime. CDTA
seems very conscientious about using
SUNYA‘s signature on a contract. to make a
proﬁt. They will collect an additional ntatchcd
set of funds. from the federal government.
which will not provide any additional beneﬁts
to SUNYA. CDTA claims that this will bring
additional revenue into the local community.
while providing services for SUNYA. What
they really mean to say is: this proposal will
provide an increased chance for, CDTA to
fund their debt.

What has CDTA promised. us far as the
conception of "acceptable" scrviccs‘.’ Answer:
nothing very substantial. Their proposal.
which they keep modifying. seems less
responsive to all SUNYA students' ttecds.
They have tailored their proposal to fit their
already existing bus services and bus routctt on
Western and Washington Avenues. With the
business that SUNYA Would be providing to
CDTA. one might thinkthat CDTA would ill
least provide “acceptable service". which
seems to be fucking under their present
proposal. Instead. they have contrived it plan
which appears to be attractive on paper. but it
is only this way because of all the business
rhetoric that ties up the reader.

CDTA has tried various ways to sway the
minds of the various cotntnittcc members to
feel strongly for CD'I‘A. These ltttvc ranged
from conversations on the telephone to tours
of CDTA facilities. All these have met their

 

destiny. as failure. I would like to propose rt
six-point-plus plan that could possibly attract
SUNYA Alumni Quad. ttnd off-campus
residents:

1. CD’I‘A agrees to hate an open meeting
with the residents of Alumni Quad. listen to
us. let us ask questions. let us provide input of
our feelings to CDTA about the whole
situation. '

2. CD'I'A will provide service which would
at least match our present service.

3. CDTA agrees to set up a committee of
students. administrators. and CDTA officials
to coordinate services and also to act as links
between both parties as a grievance
committee(This point to be elaborated upon
and written into the contract to ensure that it
will be enforced by both parties).

4. CDTA would providcjobs for "our" bus
drivers.

5. SUNYA students and staffshould be the
sole occupants on the buses for which they
have contracted.

6. Besides coming to speak with the
residents of Alumni Quttd. tfterc should be a
general public meeting for till SUNYA
students.

SUNYA has taken the time to listen to
CD'I'A with no substantial results. CDTA has
crcttlcd the impression of' “qttttlity” which
appears to be lacking in their organization.“
is about time than (‘D'l'A is put on the spot to
answer questions. with direct responses.
SUNYA ttnd their committee hits vccn very
conscientious in their efforts. the least (.‘DTA
can do is to cooperate with SUNYA in it more
substantial way then they have been.

Alumni Quad isn‘t totally tigtiinst the
proposal if CD’I’A cooperates in ll ntorc
acceptable way. and provides the best services
tltttt can be used by SUNYA's students find
stuff.

Time has been pttssittg ttnd discontent is
building up from the length that this proposal
is being drawn out to be. CDTA could itttikc
cvcryonc content iftheyttrc willingtoconfornt
to u logical way of attracting SUNYA. or if
they just withdraw their bid.

1

 

enough sense of social responsibility to?

announce its plans to the public should reverse
its decision on DNA research}! A heresy for
the uninitiated to speak on the mysteries? Not
at all, my dear scientist; even you are not
immune to the wishes of the body politic.

‘ Grpgg Zachary

getting the brunt

To the Editor:

Marc Benecke stole lots of money. But why
did he need to steal the cash? in our society,
the more wealth a person has the better that
person is. Marc Benecke did not need the cash
to survive. but he did need it to make himselfa
halter person.

The ASP stated in a recent editorial that
making Beneckc “ . experience the full
brunt of the judicial system,“ would help
restore trust in student officials.

Benecke is being charged with third degree
grand larceny. It is punishable by a prison
term of three to four years in a state
correctional institute. Let us suppose that
Bench pleads guilty to this charge. and Judge
Thomas Kecgan forces him to experience the
"full brunt of the judicial system". Bencckc
will go to a state correctional institute and be
released after one and a half years if he
exhibits 'good behavior. This should restore
one hundred per cent trust in student officials.

Benecke. however is paying back over
S l,500. This should lead one tothe conclusion
that he stole more than the Sl.l00 he is
charged with stealing. if Benecke had stolen
Sl.500 or more he would'l‘iave been charged
with second degree grand larceny. punishable
by a prison term of four to seven years in a
slate correctional institute. Let us suppose
that Beneckc pleads guilty to this charge and
Judge Thomas Kcegan forces him to
experience the "full brunt of the judicial
system.“ Benecke would be released after two
yctirs if he shows good behavior. Two years is
33% more than one and a half years. This
penalty would restore trust in student ofﬁcials
133%.

Personally. I believe the “full brunt of the
judicial system“ is only personiﬁed in the
dearth penalty. (ict Bencckc. bring him before
it student tribunal. find him guilly(we all know
he is guilty). and hang him from the highest
pillar on campus. This would certainly make
student officials shit in their pants. They
wouldn't dream of stealing even a wafer from
the cafeteria. and the students' trust in thcir
elected officials would rise to unprecedentcd
heights. Fellow students. I rest my case.

Eric Beringuusc

about our
president

To the Editor:
. by the time this letter gcts printed. the
inctdcnt which led to its creation will probably
he more than dctid. btit one tltitt is dcscrving of
the attention of tltc student body of this
campus. 'l he tone of this letter expresses my
extreme frustration ttnd sincere
disappointment with Steve DiMco's
ttdtttinistrtttion. It lltth rcttcltcd the pointwherc
l practically regret having voting for him for
the posttion of S.A. l’l’t'ttltlcnl.

ht.‘ iricidcnt behind this letter, is a bill
wluclt Mr. DiMco scented to dislike-.(‘cntrttl
Council liill 7677-l2l. “MONEY FOR
RALLY BUSES". passed by Council by it
vote of I3-f-(t. The bill would have
appropriated S|24 for the cltttrtcring of two
boxes “for the transporting of students to and
from. the rnlly" at the Capitol “to Defend
l tthltc lltghcr Education on Tuesday March
IS. l9'l7." the veto of the hill wnsiu gross
negligence of his responsibility its President

 and‘aupposeit leader of the student
. .was a bill which I had drafted

----.....,.____._ ~ ". . .

body. It

introducedin Council by Bennett Briggs:

David Gold. It was not. as Mr. DiMcoso
“as,” P.“ p,- a move by Central SASU to

“dictate policy“ to S.A. Slcvc Dimco m

some nerve smearing the organi/ation of at]

the student. associations of Sl'NY in sum

manner! '
I perceive my role as it student leader-

I having represented Alumni Quud in Central

Council and presently rcpresentin
commuters in the Senatcwas someone whorl:
supposed to work on the behalf ot‘thc student,
for‘theil' betterment and their interests. Such
is. also, the role, in my eyes. of the SA
President.. In that line of thought. the hui
which I drafted. was basically Mitten fromih:
point of view of an upset student norried
about the future oflow Cost. quuht} cdut‘ttlmn
in New York State. wishing to cited tom:
action toward that end.

i am completely dcutsltllrd hr our
President's line of reasoning. liL' lcll’lh‘rtltl
was unnecessary to approprnnu rttoncyforthc
buses to the rally. becasuc SI \t' r\ \trtsn‘tas
drastically cut this year. to n has hm \tltf,
That is a very asinine positron to trike. dint:
when do we begin to monitor \tlt.tt thc future
of our education is to look htc. \olL'l) on the
absence oflarge cuts this ycnr’ llu- indications
presented by the Executttc tlnttgct ttnd 1hr
preliminary reports oi the WW“
Commission clearly indicttlc .t tutlllcltttn olulf
types of services and prognnm for public
higher education in the future ft m- \\t'rctt|lltt
pursue Mr. DiMco's philtmtpht .rnd modt'of
thinking there Wouldn‘t he on) pnhhc hlght‘f

education to fight for. non or ill the future
I am pleased Willi ('ctttt.tl (‘outtctl't
endorsement and recognition of thc

dedication of SUNY Cl \\ \ltttit'nlt to
pursue their right towards no ".nmuhlchgh
quality education." I only uoh t \t'llltl\il)lllt‘
same for Steve DiMco.

\tthur .l lltdrilgo

from memories

to dreams

I To the Editor:

How do you let people htlII‘A !tu\\ nun-htou
appreciate their generositt‘ Hon tit! \ttu
inform others oftltc lfleL'tllltf‘. lt.t[tptnt'\tlltttl
fills you? How do yttlthtl} thrnt '.-Iu’ Inlhlttl.
that a whole your has Pil\\L'ti on. r (nul Srllwl
and l  Telethon ‘76 Is tittttiltblt' '\~ llttt
year‘s telcthon rapidly .lltlttvuttltcs. I tnou
[hill Mitch Adler. Sue il/ltr\\tll. .itttl lllr
entire staff are busy mot» .v l.l\l nnnult‘
ﬂdjumments. I would lth‘ to to flu: not In

congratulate them on it super l‘ I. Irthon \fott:
imporlﬂntly. I would like to think lltL'ttl Inr
their dedication itt Working to: 'hc t'lllltlit'll.

As the final days tttrn int.» limits. the part:

quickens and tensions illltl .tttttt'ltt’\ ntount.
Through it till. everyone truth \tit‘ttgtlt rntltc
knowledge tltnt. through lltt.t L‘llttlh. the
children will be helped. him llt‘ttlllt‘ tittll'
realize the enormous sticrttrtt .itt nulnnlu-r’
makes when lie or she |ll'tttlt‘ to third
position on the Telethon stuff it IllL'.ttt\11l\lllt
up life extra time lhttl C(tltltf lu' put ttitticttuttt
work. not being illllc to to r. -illlt‘t \llClill
organizations. ttnd givrng up trim to hr \t'tlll
friends. All this is done with ttt-llttttgt'xptiflcd
in return. The motivating tom t~ Aluilttlh‘
kids. This is the meaning or lL'lL'lllttll the
sacrifices made by those uho .ot- tti\ol\t‘dlﬂ
Telethon should not be murmur-t1tnloiscshtﬂ
in accomplishments. Knotttug tlt.tl our efforts

have helped make it possible for rust ntlt‘ Child
to overcome his hit ndtctt p. I.\ on t In. n-u .trdittt
\\ ho tifltf

of us need. We are iitttougthc In ultll'
hope for these children. “t MN“ "m" a
chance to overcoittc the ttltslm It~ “lilt'hﬂlcl
face. Tltcrcby they can lL‘iltl .l lilt' \tlllltlllum)
and self-respect. ()nc tins onh to fwd “Wm
cvcs Of those beautiful fact-s .rrnl .wt- lllt' gm!
faith that they have fit us,

Lust year. the rent worth th.n lt'lL'lltullllﬂ

          

  
  

 

a...

The

, Dilemma
of the

Modern
Artist

Should he cater
to the tastes of a
consumer public,
or strive to be able
to express his own
individuality?

.r ‘. t in.-

I page 25"

  
     
    
       
       
     
 
   
  
  
     
   
  
  
 
   
 
  

 

 

 

 

 

  

   
     
    
   
    
   
 
 

Making Children Happy

  
  
  
  
 

    
  

 
  
  
  
  

Telethon joins forces with Wlldwood School
centerfold

 

To Improve
.Food

Service

      
  
   

   
  
   
    

 

 

 
 
   
   
 
  
 
  
   
  
   
 
 
     
       
         
     
       
     
    
 
   
       
 
  
   

In Search of Love
page 2a

  
   
  
    
  

Two Greek Gods
page 7a

    
    
  
 

Valerie Carter's New Album

page 7a

 

 

         

 

 

 

 

 

 

