 

SWEATERS — SWEATERS —. SWEATERS
WERE $25.00 to $32.00

m Now $16.95
BUTTONEIOWNS. CARDIGANS, PULLOVE'RS, SKI, ARGYLES
wmuc 'I'HICY I.AS'I‘—

hooded insulated parka-type
'SNORKEL JACKETS

WERE $27.50 Now §1§._o_g

Inf.

 

( SAVE 35% )

 

 

l
.f.

heavy duty double yoke

FOOTBALL JERSEYS
WERE $5.95 NOW $3.25

( SAVE 45% I

 

for a limited time only!!
at the

 

 columns 7 - 

 

“Juan. ’ .
Azg’ood n' Americans today live in mor-

t‘al'i’erro that. the Internal *lieVenue Service
wi appear on their domtep demandinga full
and‘complel‘é audit of their tax returns. This.
of course. is exactly what the.lRS wants. If

you‘re worried about it. you are a lot less likely

to tinde‘rpay, or not to pay.

Finally. however. the General Accounting
0 fﬁce. the GAO. has gotten around to issuing
: report onth how the IRS arrives at the
which to audit tax returns. . .and it makes
ome interesting observations.

0

The GAO report. called “How‘the le
elects Individual Income Tax Returns for
udit. " says that some 53 percent of federal
axes collected come from individual income
axes. In I974. more than 8| million returns
ere tiled. Ol'thcse. more than 3 million audits
nd penalties were recommended by the IRS
mounting to SL4 billion.

The report says that the IRS considers the
ludit and- the fear it generates to be the
reatest stimulus to “voluntary compliance."
' obert Herzberg. who wrote an article for'fhe
\ potlight concerning the GAO report.
isted some of the factors that will single out a
ax return for audit. including returns ﬁled as
: head of household but claiming only one ex-
mption. Another is that when the IRS enters
nformation on certain types of income into a
omputer for comparison with information
iled by employers. banks and Social Security.
hey can immediately determine any dis-
repancy. They even check up on the duplica-
ion of Social Security numbers. If IRS dis-
ovcrs more than one return filed for a single

Saturday, March I2

 

year under thespme number. there‘is an audit.
IRS is also coordinated with state audit

' programs. If a state does an audit. the federal

return is singled out-by IRS:

Then there is the “claims” program. in
which money is refunded to the taxpayer. If
funds are returned. there is a high potential of
‘audit. The various states. through a private
organization. supply information about car
purchases. lfthe ear bollght appears expensive
in relation to income. there is an audit.

They haven't overlooked the incompetent
or unscrupulous preparers oftax returns also.
If you happen to use one of these preparers,
you are audited.

The GAO report says that “generally” the
procedures for selecting individuals for audit
protect the U.S. taxpayer against abuse.
However. they are also issuing another report
that deals with abuse in the audit selection and
(MO remarked that tax examiners may re-
quest returns l'or audit without having to ex-
plain why. They said that taxpayers who pay
more than they should are far less likely to be
selected for audit and they said IRS needs to
take steps to improve its audit plans to make
sure the plans are followed.

Of course. IRS tries to collect where there is
the least resistance. Returns are actually
scored as to their audit potential by a com-
puter using sophisticated mathematical for-
mulas.

Complicating the entire picture is IRS's in-
sistence on makingthc tax return instructions
so complicated the average person throws up
his hands in disgust and resignation. It won‘t
change until and unless your legislators de-
mand iI. Only you can make them do so.

I§(-Hll.ltl and (‘0N( [III BOARD PROUDLY PRISINI an

ISRAELI NITECLUB

9 pm.

Campus Center Ballroom, SUNYA

 

 

STAIlIIING

w/tax

 

Israell llock Star

DANNY DAYAN

m. a... "mm “mm”. .. ml. .t Mm.

Ballroom set in round table nightclub style
Mixed drinks and munchies to be sold by UAS
Deli bullet included in admission price

Admissions limited to 350 people
(All /mrtl will b- Kat/w)

M II ‘l‘l‘lHIIIIIUIItI WI ru.-............l..l.l...l...t....... m a... a...“ on...“ sum... mm“ .t

ADMISSION

general public ‘2.50
Deli Bullet included

—

at...“ .m. a... “um..u»u.u.u...uu.w....“Insult-mum..."m... “mutt...” ..

CU-STAIIIIING

‘l.25

 

Broadway Comedian~Slnger

HAHAN GOLDBLATT

. . um .. .....l............. m.l.l.....t...u......... new

a: m . m... .mmmwmtuuwum nan-n. human Ilulut sauna-tunatuu-muu'aml

l"

by D-vld Tracer ' ..
One has the impression of Soviet leadership
in Moscow that they are constantly prodding

‘ and poking in hopes of ﬁnding a weak spot In

P---

our armor. Once they find that Weak spot. they
make their move and try to make that spot
their own. Unfortunately. when we bluff them
as much as they bluff us. they pulltheirtails in.
a little. As an example. the Soviets expelled
the Associated Press correspondent in
Moscow. President Carter immediately asked

for the expulsion of a member of the Soviet '

press agency. Tass. who worked in
Washington. It was simple lit for tat. which «
the Soviets seem to understand and respect
more than conciliation.

During the Ford administration this whole

process was replaced by an expediency.

courtesy ot Henry Kissinger. Forget the higher
principles. just don‘t offend the Russians.
That is one reason why President Ford didn‘t
extend an invitation to Alexander Solzhenit‘
syn to visit the White House a year and a half
ago. Perhaps the Russians wouldn‘t like it if
this extraordinary human beingwas invited to
the White House. Today. in retrospect. even
former President Ford realizes the mistake of
not extending that invitation. President
Carter seems to be trying to correct the error.
at least in part. On March I. he invitedanothcr
Soviet dissident. Vladimir Bukovsky. to the
White House.

Though we may not view the Soviets as a
real threat. there are people in Russia and Eu-
rope who look to us for leadership in the cause
of freedom and human rights. They do see
Russia as a threat. welcoming that weak spot
in our armor.andattelnptingto spread further
their sphere of influence.

Physical battles over these ideals represent a
primitive regression. but if need be. a war of

r-m l‘-1

I \
SHRIMP DINNER

I lusty qoloon Inca Sltllmp arm I
Froncll Flros dinner toll and I
nuttor enorcu ot creamy Cole

I Slaw or Salad rCocklmt sauce
and a lemon weonu ttlvu II a limit I

I touch'

I two 3 I
I sort  I
I I
t..."  ms... .. an..."
' 'IIIII ullllﬂl I?!“ :uunnll |
I nun-mm am March l5. l977l
ND CARRY DUI I!
L - - - - - - - -

lrwo s

I For 

I

I tlm coupon “I ﬂullﬂmll
lﬂ||h|l GOUNI‘

Pt
............ . Mm“ .5. 1977 I

No CAN“ out-

You get a better choice
when you choose

' clarion's blast. v .

.O.................'

we Meals For
no Low Price!

At Lums. two can eat almost as cheaply as one.

Come on m It) Lulus mllt any one at IIII' coupons m nus .to and we II Show yuu
lllSl how dDIICIUIIh .mo IIIL‘IHUIISIVU qtrurt ammo can or" I ltlllﬁ IS not war an ear
and run type restaurant Luna. .5 an eapullﬂnte You” also Lums new mum
rtocol almost a-. "inch .15 yitull muoy mo Inc-not, UIIIIIDIII some» [Iltr-lltlt't‘ by
yliul own .Villlll'ss {in more tm in to Lule lm .m mourn-nel-

r-t'l >‘-‘
I S

FISH 'H CHIPS

Laruooolllonotoarbatternipped '
Ila" lroncn loos. colc slaw.
I tartar sauce lemon wedge, d
not roll and butler tor a meal I
vlltuo and grout laalu

words is needed. President Carter‘li'as sent out
the first few words—piercing and clear as the .

.At his Feb. 2 news conference President

’ Carter said he didn‘t believe. as Kissinger did. I

that issues had to be viewed as interrelated and
interdependent. Kissinger referred to this as
“linkage”. President Carter felt he had a‘right' ‘
to ‘speak out on human rights. without affee- . I
ting the outcome of - nuclear armament talks;
with the Soviets. '

Speaking out on human rights can.
however. affect nuclear arms talks in a posi-
tive manner if not done stridently. One has to
realize that within the realm of Soviet ‘ .
leadership there are probably disagreements '
on how to handle the aspiration for human
rights within Soviet borders. By remindingthe
Soviets that they signed the Helsinl'i agree-
ment in I975.'grunting the hope for some
greater freedoms in Eastern Europe. we will
undoubtedly cause the Soviet leaders to
squirm a little. In terms ol'sportsmanship. I
would be willing to wager that this uneasiness
will cause the Soviets to lose their "cool". es-
pecially at the upcoming talks. At the very
Icast.they will not be quite so "cocky" and sure
ol'themselvcs.Subsequently. we willhe ableto
go to the arms talks with hopes of being on
equal or better looting with the Soviets.

One could say. in conclusion. that while we
are speaking of ideals such as freedom and
human rights. we should teach the Soviets
about their own all-consuming ideal -
communism. TIIL‘ Soviets refer to us as im-
perialistic capitalists. yet they seem to have
learned the money game as well as any. In
order for NIIC-"l'V executives. “imperialistic
capitalists.“ to obtain rights to the I980
Olympics. they got ripped off for millions of
dollars.

-O--------- -

r- (II II’ _‘

I S
rGHOPPED STEAK‘I
I

| ‘s tuotcnmcoGrouna Boqu-ltt |
sauteed onions mushrooms I
green peppers Imnch Illes
crisp garden salad and toasted I
garlic bread

rwo s
Lunaanacouaonp-rcullomul
PIOII IIOHI "III coupon
lbw-"ﬂ" 9‘ March l5. 1977 I
No CAIII‘ DUI.
II'II'I‘“

-J

S

.

-0-----------------

 

.-----------------O--------------.

- FO-LLETT S.U.‘N.Y. Booxsroae
  

Tickets on sale in SA Contact Ofﬁce & at door (if available)

9 .
p---

landed by student atioclotlon

 

t----------------------

MARCH 8, 1977 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS . ..,...PAGE.FWNW,,

 

 

