«.m.4~«. .3.

i
Z
l
é
i

W.

 

 

 

_ . . _..;rl.(.L>.rr 1.2.: Qua-17:4.“ ~-

 

,. ,2,T mist corporal runirh'nient'brceds
' iiidiiiiityan e~ tempt. Education is in more
thanzpne. {thief-compulsory. A‘tciicher is
 allowed-1w law to fuse physical force. butnot
deadly.l‘orce.._upon suchperson when and io
the Extent 'thati‘he' reasonably believes'it is

""iic‘céiisary to maintain discipline ‘. . .“(l’enal3

Law: Section JSJ ~— Subdivision I)..This use

of force in any other circumstance would ,

constitute iin offense. .

On April is. l977.the supreme Court ruled
five to four that teachers or other officials are
permitted to hit a child even if the hitting is
severe. excessive and medically damaging. It
was only last summer that the death penalty
was ruled constitutional and not crueland un-
usual punishment. Recently. the court said.

-""l'be'iisc of corporal punishment in this coun—
try us it means of disciplining school children
dates back to the colonial period. It has
survived the transformation of primary and
secondary education from. the colonials'
reliance on optioniil private arrangements to
our present system of compulsory education
and dependence on public schools."

The case was startedin January I97.| by
’ .lanies Ingralitim and Roosevelt Andrews.
' 1 hey testifith to unfair physical punishment
Imposed on them-at Charles R. Drew Junior
High School in Miami. Horidii. .limniy was

. allegedly strttck more titan twenty times
“because he was slow to respond to his
teacher‘s instructions." As a result of this
beating lie was kept out of school for eleven
days because he siillcred from a hcniiitoma (a
swelling filled with blood). The Andrews
youth was hit several times by his teacher

' which incapacitated the use of his arm for a
week. 'llic Supreme Court rtilcd against the
l)‘tt|llll.\. LllL' members tit/,tlic‘Stipreme Court

' opposing the titling noted the ft i iwiiig:

“ 'll't- ill/IIt'lIttII ri/ [ll’ltillt‘ll/ [tutti t.t‘/'t'titt/ tl/Itl

. irreparable: If rttnttttl I’t' uni/one in it
\IllMt't/llf'll/ [trot-veiling. [/ I/i‘t‘l't' are some
pittit‘sl'nit'nti l/‘lll tll't' .iu liar/ittrt't- that they
may not I't‘ [Ill/lillt’tljtll' tlrc i-unttttission o]
t‘ritttni. i/t"i_L'IIll/t'l/ Iti ottr.i'm'ittlxjtitttln (Lt tlit'

‘ Inastr'thurougiltIy: reprehEmlblc acts \tm

lndlitltlu'al can commit,~ then afortlorl (all the
inure). slinlla’r punishmentsmayi not. be.
lm’pamlun pcrxumfor In: culpable acts. such
as breaches qt'srhtml tllselplfnc." _
“Spare theyod aim spoil the child." This
ancient piriir‘r’r‘opiiy is still with'ua today and

efforts to abolish it are vigorously. opposed;

The teacher can use physical punishment
because he is bigger and stronger than his
students. We can force students to ieiid their
books. to participate. in discussions. and to
recall as much as possible ofwhat they read by
threatening them with physical harm. This
isn't practiced everywhere. The fact that it
happens anywhere is ofthe most importance.
" Corporal punishment has immediate
effects. but there is an extraordinary list of
unwanted hy-products traceable to the basic
practice. Children who commit suicide are
often found to have had troublcin school. It is
human niitiirc to counterattack those who try
to hurt us. Physical attacks on teachers are
common resulting from the initial attack on
the students. Vandalism is another form of
counterattack which is steadily growing more
serious. Children learn that the wayto achieve
goals is through violetice. Parents should be
concerned about the violence they witness at
school to the extent they tire concerned about
what theircliildren are watcbiiigon television.

Hitting students also has an aversive effect
on teachers. 'I be impending mode ofdisciplinc
will force many emphatic iind qualified
teachers out of the licltl of education.
Corporal punishment. even when. used
iiiodci'ately. interferes With the kind of
relations that are ideal for learning. Teachers
are judged on how well they make their
students work. regardless of how much is
taught or how it is accomplished.

Corporal punishment is stipportcd by other
philosophies of government and religion. ‘l'fie
teacher isn‘t ilic only one who holds the
student rcsponstblelot' doing what he ought to
do. or for punishing him when he fails. HIL‘
liiiliiig student isn't the oiin one told.
"ignorance is no excuse."

 

 

 

ill

 

 

" "ti‘iai‘i'ttyou.
 adieu
To the Editor:

After serving all Controller for l2 long
months, it is finally time for me to yield to my

. successor. I would never have been able'to get

through the 40 and 50 hour weeks without the
cooperation of the many people i came in
contact with through Student Association.
Bear with me as I thank publicly all those
who have cooperated with me and have given
their time in order to make Student
Association f'uction. My assistant controllers
who put in long hours each week without any
type of remuneration; the student assistants
who work in the Student ASsociation office
and in the Contact Office: all the presidents
and treasurers of the funded and recognized
groups I dealt with during the course of the
year; the members of budget committee who
ended the your meeting three times a week
including Sunday nights: the administratorsl
worked with from Student Affairs. who.
believe it or not. are genuinely concerned with
your welfare; Steve DiMeo and'Grcg Lessne
who helped to make ofﬁce hours and my term
in office thoroughly enjoyable by laughing at
myjokes; and anyone else I may have omitted
due to lack of room. not lack of gratitude.
The paragraph above encompasses over 200
people who work behind the scenes for you.
and have helped the Assoicutton carry on from
day to day. They alone prove that not all
students on this campus are apiithetic and that
the system is workable. My sincerest thanksto
all.
Nolan Altman.
Student Association Controller

we’re
number one?

To the Editor:

'lhcre are three things about this campus
that really annoy me. 'l'hey can easily be
corrected. yet no one makes an effort to do
something.

firstly. the lotintains are still not on. The
weather has been warm for four weeks now.
they should have been turned on weekstigo.

Secondly. the bells are off iigaiii. This is an
embarrassment to any conscientious
university community member it he considers
the large number of visitors that this campus
receives in the Spring.

Lastly. I am annoyed by pamphlet-pushing
evangelists who Insist I won‘t be saved. and
candidates who assert that I will be sorry if I
don‘t listen to what they say. Although they
may have a solicitation permit. they have no
business annoying us.

We do ourselves a disservice when we do not
present ourselves the best way possible. We
are observed daily by hundreds of visitors who
ouglii to see this university at its best. not
second best.

Steven Littmau

great
possibilities

To the Editor:

the topic of recombinant DNA rcseiircli.to
be conducted on the SUNYA campus. has
raised ccrlatn questions and fears III recent
weeks. the Iliology Department has
sponsored speakers to present the pros of the
research. wliilc Speakers l‘orum will be
coiidiictitig an evening with speakers opposed
to the research. '

lhe tirticlc "DNA Research: the (ireat
Debate". which appeared intlie April I5 issue
of the ASI'. dealt with some of the potentitil
risks to the students aridthesurroundingcom-
muiiity. 'I'liiit article presented the possible
risks in it very distorted and exaggerated
manner. Wheii doing recombinant DNA

research with a creature close to man on the
evolutionary scale. it crippled strain of the
bacterium E. call must be used and the
research must be done in a P-4 research facili-
ty. These facilities are so costly. none are inex-

> istence at this moment.

The facility proposed for SUNYA is a P-2
facility modified with several P-J
specifications. There is a differential pressure
system and a special ventilation system. The
only research which can be done on this
campus is that involvinginsect or plant DNA,
not DNA involving ii cancer-causing
bacterium or virus.

Another fear is human error on the part of
the laboratory worker in the commission oi
mistakes by mouth pipetting. sloppy mixing
machines. and the disposal of dangerous
microbes down the drain. Even the minimum
security facilities must use mechanical
pipetting. must decontami nate work areas and
equipment. and cannot dispose of microbes
before special treatment. In short. the tears
expressed in the previously-mentioned article
have been met by the strictest scientific
safeguards.

While one cannot rule out the possible risks
involved in this type of research. one cannot
overlook the potential benefits to mankind.
Most of these benefits are in the field of
medicine. Recombinant DNA research might
lead us to it citre for cancer. can produce
microbes which yield vast quantities of
insulin. human blood-clotting lactiirs.
antibiotics. and other valuable drugs. Strains
of staple crops. such as wheat and corn. can be
developed to grow under severe conditions,

the possibilities are limitless.

When all is considered. I believe that the
\Uf‘)‘ real benefits to iiiiiiikiiid oittwcigli the
risks. llie rccoiiibtiiaiit DNA research must
go on. ‘ .

Aldo .l. l’crrtiio

dna
madness

To the Editor:

On lliiirsday. April lit. the biology
Department conducted ii forum about the
procedures" and techniques of recombinant
DNA research. While this concession to stu—
dent demands is tti be applauded. it must be
made clear that such a forum does not touch
relevant social and environmental issues.

Dr. Lerman saw fit tolimit participants III
the loruni to only those whose Views he called
productive. lly doing this. Dr. l.erman
suggested that those Willi scientific expertise
should determine social policy because the
issue is ttio technical for the lay L'Dmllltlllll).
lay coniiiiiinitv

Students were iirgctl to attend and \‘It:\\ a
lilni eiititled“'l lie (icne Engineers." l’iirtieiilai
attention Wits given tosiatemcnts by Ilariiirtl
biologist Riitli Hubbard and CH biologist
Robert Stnshcitner. It is somewhat interesting
that the biology department was able to
procure il copy of the liliii. When students
lrotn SUNYA asked to show it at illl
independentforum. Mr. Cliurliotf ol Wtillfl-

IV said it ivould not be available untifJiiiic
l-iiiii||_\. the decision to leaie the biiiileii of
debate to the national discussion of the lSSlIL\
means the University has sliii‘ltctl Ils
responsibility to litlly iiiloiiii lllt' /\lllrlll\
community of the potential threats that llS
ieseai'cli would pose. Iliis tiuivcrsitv needs to
spousoi a meaningful toi um iilieii

inloriiiiitioii can be exchanged freely.
Lawrence A l'ciot

basically
biased

To the Editor:

The bitilogy department is trying to tool i ilL'
community into believing that they are giviiir’
ii lair presentation of the recombinant DNA
research issue. Unfortunately. the only people

they are fooling are themselves. A

The presentation of" an educational
program. and the avoidance of a balanced
public forum to discuss the DNA research at
SUNYA. has resulted in the biology
department depriving us of afairexamination
of this issue. ’

Much has been said about the DNA
research issue. It is generally acknowledged as
not beingastrictly scientific question. Instead.
it is somethingthat may have profound social
and environmental impact. The biology
department is using all the previous research
that has been done on this issue as an excuse
for not having a hearing. This is completely
wrong. As long as the community has
questions concerning such research. the
biology department has an obligation to
answer them. They should be answered fairly.
not from a single. biased perspective.

The biology department. in conjunction
with the university. has in effect said. that they
don‘t care if the community has reservations
or questions about the proposed research.
'Irying to satisfy the public outcry for
information. with a one-sided approach to a
many faceted question. is quite clearly an
insult to the intelligence ot the community.

| aiii not necessarily opposed to
recombinant DNA research. I am. however.
opposed to the biology department's biased
attitude and the poor job they are doing
informing the public.

Stuart (iruskin

grossly
unfair

To the Editor:

The AS/' is the main source of information
for students at SUNYA. It is unfortunate and
disgraceful that such power is abused.

In last Monday's special election edition.
the bounds of journalism and editorialism
were violated. Mitch Werner. a presidential
candidate. was subject to a brutal and
unjustified attack. In their profile of Mitch the
ASI’ forgot they were writing about an
individual. not a poster. It seems that the
intent of the ASI’ was not only to crush
Mitch‘s campaign but to humiliate him
personally.

Althotigh this letter had no bearing on the
outcome of the election. as the people who
know Mitch best. we truly believe ilic .AISI’
owes Mitch Werner an apology.

Students for Mitch Werner
hilttan; Note: 'Ilit'i lt'llf’l' tl'tl.\ .t‘l_l,'ll('i/ hr 48
.\'ll/)[)tll'lf'l'.\' tllIt/ jrietit/s U/ Milt-Ii ll’i‘rttt'r.
Un/iirtn/tttlt'h'. lttt'li‘ o/ .rptti'i- does not permit
ft.\' to print till the names.

without
prejudice

‘lo the l‘ltlifor:

laui writing iti reply to the April 2‘) letter iii
the ASP called "Critical ('oinniciitarics."
Now. as I understand the letter. and please do
not edit or quote me out iil context on this.
because I cotild be wrong; as I understand II.
the Coordinator of l‘lIL‘l'llI I iitiua is accusing
the r’l .SI' iil racial iliscriiitinaiioii in the case of
lloctoi Nepaiilsiiigli‘s contract because the
ASP tloes not litre l'iicrto Riciins or other
L'iii‘ibbciiiis; now. I support this
wholeheartedly. and in prinCiple. because I
was borti iii the Caribbean of Caribbean
parents atid i think that the .-tS/‘is one of the
best university papers in the woild. which is
why II is absolutely timetliai ii dcioied at least
one page totally to Spanish which is a
language spoken in many dillerciil ways by
millions all over the world; and Atitcrictins
too. l‘llcl‘ltt Latina iilsodeiiiiiiitlstliai the ASP
print the words flit/tout I’I't't'ttt'i‘iti' at the top
of every page. which is a very good idea
becititsc I am genetically programmed against
prejudice of any sort. especially racial

discrimination: my mother is black. my father A

is East Indian. my brother and sisters are
black. brown and pink respectiver (well.
more reddish than pink. really). and my wife is

white; besides. the words Without Prejudice

constitute a legal term that makes it hard for
people to sue on the basis of a letter‘s content;

which reminds me. by the.way. of a well-\

known Caribbean story I made up for Luis

‘ Cerezoand Ernestine Lao about a man who
used to sleep with a loaded revolver nearby in
case any thieves came; one night he woke up
and shot it thief in the back. and when he
turned on the fight he found it was his brother.
who was on the way to the wash room. dead:
this goes to show that it is not I'airto shoot in
the dark at the wrongtarget because it is hard
for some people to tell when they are being
exploited: besides. you should never call your
brother a tool. as the Bible says. or a racist.
because he might drop dead; now this is not a
poisonous story. but I hope the ASP will
publish it exactly tis I wrote it. not changing
onejot or one title: or else it will comcto pass.
what is written in the ()Id and repeated in the
New; l’salms |4t):3 has a great deal to do with
Romans 31l3; that is why I support the idea
against Nepaulsingli and in favor of a Spanish
page. So there.

Please do not let the administration get
wind of this letter: because iI'ii ever gets on my
(‘ftl‘l‘lt'It/Hlll i-t/ue I am sitrc to get tenure; then
you Will be stuck With me forever. not just fill
I9xl: then. what Will you do'! After all. I (III!
entitled to equal space from equal space
newspapers. or am I“! I still think you are the
best university paper in the world. espccnilly
Alice Kolin: I mean. whoever heard of
anybody being hurt by Lodiac News; she
speaks Spanish. too: beautifully.

Niinust wait and see. the rctil person
will stand right tip and say. “Professor
Nepiiulsiiigh“ sliotild be fired. because he
makes l tin of the A Sl‘and because he supports
those people." “he's even one of them.“ which
is true and not true at all. because I alwaysicll
my students. who know what I stand for. that
eicrj language has its place and every
situation its language; I know; some of my best
friends are good linguists. So there. More to
come.

Bert Ncpaulsingh
Raza Humana

wake up
to reality

It) the lidittir:

\\ e. the Assot‘iaiiiin of Physics (iradtiatc
Students. were shocked and grieved by the
sudden death of Mi. .lofiii Stasiak. Aged sixty~
two. he tins a technician in the Physics
Dcpaitnieiit at the llIllVL‘I’Stly. He was a
resident of lroy. lie was a particularly
pleasant man. always ready to help. and
indispensable to us. llis post was to be
eliminated this August. llc liiitl appealed to
the administration to reconsider his case. but
It was to lltlll\ltli. llisdismissal wastoogrcat a
shock for him. and almost certainly lctl to his
death.

Mi. Stasiak's death highlights the
iidniiiiistiatioii‘s refusal to comply With the
basic demands of the lesser privileged
employees. It is a iiiaiter of regret. that while
numerous non-teaching professional
positions liaic been rctrciiched. in I976 ii
small gt oiip of administrators had increases of
5.4 pciceiit in their salaries. and two new
iiduiiuisti‘atne posts were created ivttli salaries
of about kldllfltl and $|7.llllt).

lo plt.‘\L'lli the recurrence of similar
lllthlL‘Illb. we urge the adttiintstratioti to work
ctleciiiel) towards a system which would
protect the rights and interests of iifl
employees. particularly those in lower income
groups.

Vijay Singh

Association of Physics Graduate Students

#4

Apres.M,ol.- - ~-  _ _

For Vanderbilt University, Emmett Fields" return as preiident
be “kind of a homecoming," but for SUNYA its more Of abomewreck-
ing. . ’ , ' ,2 

Fields has bad a short and controversial term here at SUNYA, one ‘
that is far from over. He took a sprawling university center wounded by
budget cuts and hampered by a sixties growth mentality, and ﬁrmly set
'it‘ on the road to developing a tight cohesiVe curriculum..,Witb a
geographically coherent emphasis on public policy analysis. I i I '

Open to question are the fairness of his methods and the validity of his
direction. Students and faculty had little input into the implementation
and post-hoc creation of SUNYA‘s mission statement. Educational
decisions were made by bureaucrats who busied themselves firing
educators without equitable hearings.

Yet Emmett Fields may have been the shot of adrenalin this university
so sorely needed. If nothing else. the shake-upjarred a few students from
the usual tough decision between Genesee and Schlitz and prodded
them into giving academic concerns some attention.

Fields still has much to do and many loose ends to wrap up before he
departs; the realization of Fields‘ vision of SUNYA rests as heavily on
his actions in these last few months as on the method and manner ofthe
new president.

One thing is for certain: Emmett Fields will beatough act to follow.

. . . Le Deluge

However. the loss of an administrator shouldn't be cause for allowing
the entire' university to fall into slovenly unconcern. The fountains
should be soaring. the Carillon chiming—in daylight savings time—and
even the one or two flowers on campus ought to bloom.

The university may not have much influence with Mother Nature. but
the fountains and the bells should be no problem. Spring and finals are
excellent excuses for reviving the aesthetics and community spirit of
SUNYA.

The fountains are more thanjust lures for awestruck freshmen; they're
a campus signature. a symbol. a rallying point for students faced with
term papers, incompletes and unemployment.

And the bells are a necessity if a smooth transition is to be effected
when we usher out the old and ring in the new.

 

Srinci; Rxmao, Erlitor-in-(‘Iiii-t
RICHARD Mriisiiztsretn. Managing hilitur
Mtt'uxri. AittMN. Hui-inert Manager
LAt-rtit Sriinwri.t.. I‘rutlurtt'on IWtIIIflL’l’I‘

Niws itiitoit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. "H\'r\\ l‘lfllJlllltti
Assot is'ii NIWS int torts . . . . .. . . .  . . . . .JoMiusN Honors. 'l‘iioiitiis M Mill-Lit).
ANti’A USllJth-lSlzlt. MAI iiiiaw (‘iiv

ASI’H is iniioii . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . M.\iu' Allkl's‘l)

_ Assot Mll isi-it'ts itiiioiis . . . . . , . . . . . , . . .. JONATHAN I’i s\. Doitotiiv Zr.th

I‘.l>llthIM. I'Atrlb intros ..  ,. .. . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..tisizooio- I'.i\i.is

Si-oiiis rut tori . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. , . . . . . . , . . .. Mii Ili\l:L l’llili' iitssi

ASSOCIAII scouts riiirini . . . .. . . . . . . . . .. EDDII' EhllzltMAS‘

Aiiviiirisim; MANAtiIRS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. .l.isA lilt‘NlItt. Suzi-ties l)l.l\i\\'Kv\

Assor i/iri. Ativuiitstm; iitANAtr'ut . . . . . . . . . . , . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. flitth (‘AttiLi

Stu/t ii l'llt'I‘\.' Aliiii Alpcr. Benjamin Altcr.
l.llltlit I'l'lcti. Matt Kaufman.
liliiard Raider. l’iiiil Rosciitliiil.
Susan SatkoWski. Dave Sylvester
lulli" ll'l/lllllt' Illtllltl ' ‘ l’lnric Shert/er
.-t.l’. llllllltlul'l'J.‘ Rebecca |.aiixiicr.
Kevin Rtiiley
[or/tin Mini: Alice Koliu
I’rt't'ti'it'.‘ Nancy l-niersoii. Amy l’billips
Ill/II"): ttiroittitttnl.‘ f'iiiol (‘otriss
I'ttiro/l ttittnttgt'r: lillcn Fine
(’lrnit/ti'ili: David I‘liillips
( Ilt ft/illttlll.‘ (‘hiiidia Staiiek
I’Iitito ntuttttgi'r: Ioiiy liissarotft

Ilritt/ t_i'/ii.\t.' Jody Wilucr
I’ruiltti'tioti.‘ Wendy Iledernuin. Sally Ann
llrcclier. Kiircn Cooper. Leslie Eisenstein.
Joyce l‘clgcllhtllllll. Sally Jugtisl.
Jeanne Jay. Debbie Kopt'.
Vicki Kurt/innit. Laurie Lesko.
.lell Leiitaii. Lorraine Libertore. Louise
Marks. Carol Mcl'liersoii. Janet Mcunier.
Janet Reiter. Debbie Ricger. Meg Roland.
.loiiii Silvcrblatt. Sharon Stylit. him
luniniolo. iJlllfll Wulke
(tllll/ttt.\lllt!ll. lilleii Hoisen. Jeff Aronuwitz
tmt/ilit‘rzi. l-rank Smith. Steve Almasi
.Ilorgiies Sandy Robinson

[5.8”] -| [IL/SHE!) lillfi

I 'lie allhutii Ann/rut I’rpis is pith/tli'In-t/ l‘l't’ll' 'I'iti'rtlttr and Hitler (luring thi- .i'rIruu/Vrcur In- I/It'
.‘l/lltllll Sim/en! PIP.” Corporation, an independent ital-Iiir-pro/i't organization. Editorial [in/tr l'
I.\ r/i'tt'rnit'tit'tl hr the Iz'ilitor-in-t'ltttjl, and tr .itthjct'l In rt'vt'eii- hr the Mar/head Stat]: Martini:
(ll/(Iran; ,AI/llulll‘ .S'IitiIr-nt I'rtui. (‘(‘ .l29. l-Iml ll’usttt‘ngtutt /l|‘t‘llllt‘, Albany. New York [2222.

 

 

 

AleN)’ srudenr pness conpoaAriou
S‘l‘l-II'IIIiN DZINANKZotngrzzczl::;:: 0 DANIEL GAiNiis

 

 

 

sir». i w W muons...»- M.-.;.4....mt....»..sm.m-. . .

 

 

 

