   

 ' Win TWO More,

playing four matches in ﬁve days.
but not the Albany State Varsityte

_ his team. ‘who defeated Sie
College Sci and the University of
_Vermont 8-! last week.

Last Thursday. the Danes faced
the Indians of Siena College in a
match that was earlier postponed
because of rain. [It was the third
straight match for Albany in as
many days. _

Two days earlier; Albany defeated
Union College 7-2 then followed
with a 9-0 blanking of Hartwick
College the next day.

-0nly singles matches were played
against Siena. And that was good
enough for Albany. Everyone but
Mitch Sandler was victorious forthe
Danes.

Paul Feldman beat .Ion Arcieroo-

2. 7-6. Dave De'nny won 6-3. 5-7.6-0,

over 'I'om Crawford. Matt Reich
beat Chriss Arnold 7-6. 6-2. Phil
Ackerman and Mike Fertig beat

respectiVely. by identical scores‘of 6;

Albany finally got a..badly needed
day off before they faced the Univer-
sity of Vermont; rated a tOUgh team

~by Albany‘s head coach Robert

Lewis.

It turned out that Vermont wasn't

as tough as expected. but only
because thetr three top players didn‘t
make the trip to Albany.
4 Playing under windy conditions
Albany swept through all six singles
matches and two of thethree doubles
matches.

Feldman topped Scott ‘l'urbau 6-
4. 6-0. Denny whipped Bruce
Roekawrtr. 6-1. 6-2., Sztndler beat
Mark Compagnon 6-2. 6-4. Acker-
man beat Andy Decry 6-4. o—I andin
the Mo closest matches of the day.
Reich beat Frank Babbott 6-3. 6-7.
6-2 and Fertig edged l’ete Loganb-‘l.
4-6. 6-1 For Fenig. the win was his
ninth of the year' 'nst fourlosses.

In doubles. Feldman and Sandle'r

teamed to beat Vermont's topdu'o6-
3.6-3 'while Ackermanuand Denny
edged Vermont‘s number tWo team
6-4. 6-3. The Danes' only loss went to
I’ertig and Reich 8-3.

The two wins improved theteam‘s
overall record to I3-3. but perhaps
significant is their 6-3 record during
the spring. -

“Before the season. I really looked
forward to the spring.“ said Acker- ‘
man. Albany number live man. “I
think we did really well and much of
it had to do with our trip to Florida
before the season. It helped usa lot.“ .

Coach Lewis agr " with Acker—
man. “In the spri . the players are
much better and more competitive
and this helps our players become
more competitive."

' ' Ithe Da ' adex-

I‘eldmun. Albany‘s

top player the two years. Won I4

and lost only once this year. In his

two years. he 24-2 and has never
lost to a Div ‘Ion III opponent.

also won the . UNYAC title forthe Aunt" c.9'u‘" 0‘“ Denny "m". u“. b'Ckmnd '0“"" 37009.

A Piece of Pie : 
The Last Piece Of The. Pre

by Mike I'lehrlld

Alas. the end is upon us. At least it‘s upon me. I'm the one who's leaving.
You'll hatie to ﬁnd yourself a new sports editor next year (assuming I
graduate). ' ' ‘

I hope youenjoyedthis sports year as much as l have. Besides the deadlines
and the layouts and the people complaining because ldidn‘t cover their darts
tournaments or tiddlywinks championships. there were some rewards. Yeah.
there sure were — like —— welll . . . > I '

Anyway. it was achallenge. And it's along way from my lirst assignment in
the fall of ‘74 writing a baseball preview. Since then I've written about so
many sports that .I think I might have invented a few. '

Yes. there have been a lot of memories overthe past four years; some good.
some bad. some serious. some amusing. ‘ - -

There was the first Albany-Siena basketball game lever saw. way back in
the winter ol"74. The Danes trailed the entire game but kept iglrtm‘g back un-
' til Byron Miller hit ajumper with about 20 seconds left‘to give Albany the 84-
83 victory. . . _ ' ' ’

There was the football team‘s perfect 9-0 season of two years ago.

There was the soccer team's NCAA bid of '75 ' '

There was the tennis team‘s two league championships,

And. of course. the ‘76-‘77 Great Dane basketball team winning its first
. N~YAC Championship in its history. and making it all the way to the
NCAA East Regional finals. Not to mention defeating Siena in one ol'the
most emotionally satisfying games I have ever witnessed.

There were lighter moments. as well: the time in the press box when the
football announcers packed it in after the first half ~ not because the game
was so one-sided. but because they were disconnected from the air waves; the
times when they kept trying to play the national anthem at the basketball
game and finally cut it short after the third attempt; the time when Albany
bi man Mike Melzer got thrown out of a game for razrjng the amp when all
he . id (to the batboy) was “move those bats awayJ'

Yes. it was quite an experience. I‘m pleased over the growth ofthe sports
programs here up to this point but things may get worse because of the
economic crunch. And the womens sports programs is hurting because of
lack of icipation. And baseball. my favorite sport. is still largely un-
attcnded (That is a t/umb place to put a baseball licld. You have to take six
years ofjunglc survival just to find it behind the swamp).

But it has been fun. And onthetopic ol'spor . I want totake this oppor-
tunity to thank all the players on my intramural softball team for all the
memories they‘ve left me with. The Mean Machine and tltc'7ftchampitmship
season will never be forgotten. A record of2I-2 ain't bad. (Sorry we coulnt
do it again boys).

Besides my parents. without whom I would not be here. I want tothttnk all

those people who made my life as sports editor just a little more enjoyable.
Thank you coaches Burlingame. Ford. Sauers. Sehiel‘felin. Munsey. Garcia.
Lewis. Matte. White. and all the rest for all yourtime and patience in putting
up with my "fool" questions. (Damn reporters).

Thanks to Bob Rice and Jerry Green at sports information for their in-
valuable assistance.

1 anks to my typists and tech workers Louise. Laurie. Vicki. Sally.
Laurie. and Debbie. Thanks to all my reporters. llrian. Andy. Ken. Chris.
Mary Ellen. Rich. Ken. Judy. Mike, Don and all the rest.

Special thanks to my favorin reporter. associate sports editor and "waste
ball" partner. [id "the Head" Moscr; and extratbanks tothe next Red Smith.
Eddie Emerman. my associate. (Good luck next year, Ed. You're goingto
need it!) And to everyone else who I did not specifically mention  THAN K
YOU VERY MU H . t ‘ 

And finally. to all my devoted fans and readers ~ thanks for putting up
with me all this time. I appreciate it. So long. and remember: You won't have
Pickanrki to kick around anymore!

second straight ye r.

For Denny, this s on marksthe
end of his college cure The Danes"
captain has won ten this year against
only two losses. Denny had to miss
the early part of the fall season with
an ankle injury but came back strong
the rest of the year.

“I had a pretty good season. The
highpoint ol' the season had to be my
win overEric Rossumin t he Universi-
ty Center Championships.“ said
Denny. Denny beat Rossum in a

Stickmen

TheAlbany State lacrosse team
snapped a l'our‘game losing streak
with an II-9 victory over RI’I last
Saturday.

The Danes. fresh off their |J-|2

' triple ovenime loss to the University

of Vermont. were playing their
fourth consecutive game on the road
and Albany’s Head Coach Mike
Motta w xpecting a “tough game"
with the Engineers. "Lest year RPI
beatlus 9-5 and they are a better team
this year.“'said Motta.

Rl’l got on the scoreboard first
and from there. took a slim 6-5 lead
at the hall.

UPS/MIKE Wars

Rockewttz of Vermont. Saturday. Denny won as did the Danes.

dramatic tic-breaker. 7-6 at
Hinghamton.

Denny was selected to participate
in the NCAA Division III Chum-
pionships to be held in Millsaps.

ppi during the week of May
lilth.

Denny is the only member not
returning next year. and his absence
will be felt. "Dave‘s loss will hen big
one. ttd Ackerman. H gives the
team winning spir  Coach Lewis

'Albany played a good first half.
accordingto Mottn. and now it was a
question of whether or not the Danes
could come from behind to pull out
the victory. The answer was yes.

The Danes scored four goals to
RPI‘s two in thethird period to take
a 9-8 lead at the end ofthat period.
Then they outscored the Engineers
2-l in the linal period to preserve
their first win in two and a half
Weeks.

Motta was pleased with thctcam‘s
overall performance. “Our offense
was consistent all day and we had a
good day clearing the ball from our

UMIIIIVIN IWIIIIW

Albany's Jay Klantt (u) scoops up groundball In recent game. Danes
but RPt over -' "‘nd. soapplng I four gem. lollng streak.
. V we .

also noted Denny‘s excellent
leadership qualities.

handler. the ntttnbcr three pl' -r.
has an 8-5 rccot t ntller bndan .
eellcnt lull. toppntg It off with a
SUNYAC title at the number twu
singles. Ilc also teamed with I’cld-
man to win the SIINYAC doubles
crown.

Perhaps the biggest surprise ol'the
team has been Matt Rm 1. the only

t'rlllllllllt‘d on [mgr Iu'wuy-Itm

Win; End Losing Skid

end. which has been a problem all
year round." Albany cleared the ball
“0 percent of the time on the day.

I’laying four good quarters in one
game has also been a problem this
year for Albany. but not against
Rl’l. "For most of the season. we‘d
play two or three good periods. and
one bad one. Against Ri’l we played
Well throughout the game.“ said
Motta.

Albany‘s offensive attack was led
by t heir big goal scorer. Dan Uoggin.
(ioggin scored ive goals giving him
27 on the year. which lies the record
for most goals scored in one season
set two years ago by him.

No Big Scorer

The Danes had to play part of the
third and the entire fourth period
without their olhct big scorer. 'l'crry
Ilrady. who pulled a leg muscle and
was forced to leave the game. He had
one ' ‘ 1 before his departure.

Jay Kiauka had another outstan-

.ding day for Albany. He won 70 per-
cent of his face-offs. had 25 ground-
balls. and scored one goal.

In goal for Albany was (iary
Miller who stopped [4 ol the 23
shots be "

The Dane. are now 4-7 on the year
bill that figure could have been ct tly
reversed with a little luck. “We lost
three games this year by one goal. If
we got a few breaks we could httve
won those games." said the Albany
coach.

“Overall I am tt'little disappointed
this year. In the beginning of the
season I had high hopes for the learn
and I thought we Would do a lot
better than we did." said Motta.

Albany has two games rentaintng
on the schedule. both ttt home. To-
day they face New Haven at 3:30
pm. and Saturday they take on
Colgate beginning at 2

—E. Emertnan

 

» 'i‘dllaiflﬁﬁmt'w‘

. n
--.: newsman I

