  

  

  
        
   
    
   
     
   
 
  
    
  
  
     
   
   
  
    
   
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
   
 

macaw , . -

.. M...»— h,wg.mw:.ummmmw ‘

 

 

 

  

JUNE 30. 1977

 

*' ' byrm’semmr 1' i

.ver»cthe {past decade.
“conservation” minded
Americans have 1' become
 increasingly'aware of our
‘ endangered wildlife. ln'fact,
for. many 'of_'us‘ the

 
  
 

.~;

_;;Pe_re:gﬂnine,E Falcon.- thej‘ Redeoods

Jan the‘llfarner Blue. Butterﬂy have
I omesymbols of the environmental

v . movement. We have heard how birds

'7 have been .shot"‘and. poisoned. their

‘  habitats‘d'estroyed. ' '

x .' lt;is depressing. for those of us Who
care. to delve further into what has
become of these and othernlanimals. It

' . .seems that. after many years of

environmental work we need some

1 ‘ positive reinforcement. This column
_ L _,w1i-l-cover some of the progress made
 over the past few years in trying to

save. and reestablish endangered
specres. 'especially ‘ work done by
SUNY researchers. ‘ ‘

One of. the first; .animals that was

v recognized to be drastically declining

in Europe and the United States was

. the Peregrine Falcon. Anyone who is

familiar with this magnificent hawk
knows'that it is the fastest of animals
and that Tt‘ has been the victim of
pesticide .poisoning. Before DDT was

4 used extensively in the early 1950’s.

about '20 breeding pairs were present
in New York. They? occupied the

‘by Gynthle Heelnli .. 
Vlﬂack in Albany. Land of BUNYA.
V after a week of vacation downstate. It's

good'to be home. Up the porch steps _

and‘into theymusty hallway of my
apartment house. Then, up again to
the second floor lugging a huge
suitcase filled with about totextbooks

' which. needless to say. didn't receive

even a perfunctory'glance throughout
the entire vacatiori ' ‘ .

Find the key in record time. Usually
it takes about ill minutes. Now if only I
could find the keyhold Wish that
landlord would fix the hall light.
Judging from his extraordinarily

prompt action when the kitchen sink

 

  
  

r g »  almost‘totel elimination [through‘pe‘etlolde use in the 1950's. the Peregrine
I. : relegate returning in New York "and the U.’ 8. through captive breedingtechnlquee.

Hudson palisades. Shawangunk
Mountains and other locales with
rocky cliffs. They would even nest at
times on New York City skyscrapers.
During the 1950's they became
exceedingly rare'and there are no
breeding records since then.
Similarly. all Peregrines in the
eastern U.S. have disappeared.

In the late 1960's. with the ban of
DDT and other persistent pesticides.
came the first signs of a return of the

Peregrine Falcon. Hopefully. the-
environment had ridded itself of-

enough pesticide residues so as not to
poison any newly released birds. The
first step then was to obtain birds to
release. This proved to be a most
difficult task since the Peregrine was
declining in most areas of North
America. It became evident that the
only source Would be birds bred in

captivity. which had not been done»

before.

   

Captive breeding of Peregrines was

first achieved by Dr.‘ Heinz Meng. a

professor of I biology at the State
University College at New Palta. As a

' ' leading American falconer he had
‘ experience with all types. especially

Peregrines.

After a number of years of
unsuccessful attempts. Dr. Meng
devised a process that is now turning
out over 50 Peregrines per year in
projects at Cornell and other
locations. Cornell. in fact. namedtheir
facility the “Peregrine Palace."

With the success of the captive
breeding program only part of the
battle was over. Hawks then had to be
raised and released at their intended
homes. This did not prove to be easy
either. At New Paltz. two birds,were
raised on the nine story Faculty Tower
at the college and were allowed tovflyr.
freely over the campus and town. They
were ,fed when they came for food and
finally left for good later in the

summer. Tragically. both birds were

shot/ .

The following year other procedures
were devised and precautions taken to
keep the nestlings away from people.
It was believed that by raising them
without seeing too many people they
would have a natural fear of humans.
their only predator. This process of

7 raising a bird in the wild is called
"hacking". “Hacking” is tedious and
requires much patience and
persistence.

inc e then. numerous

pairs of birds were released

near New Paltz and other

locations in the eastern and

western U.S. During the

past year many sightings of

these birds have been made at former

breeding sites and it would .seem that

we once again have a “wild” popula-
tion of Peregrines in the east.

.This may be somewhat optimistic

since no breeding record for this bird

"Seeing a Eeregrlne flying along a cliff face

or In pursuit of prey is an' almost spiritual experlence.

The reward for saving such a species is priceless. "

"

  _{ Battling'Mold, Mildew, wa. Rotten Margarine

was clogged he should get around to it
in about six months. Ahhl Home.
UGHlil Is this my kitchen? Better
question: Is this myapartment? Too
cliche. '

Must compliment Pat and Larry (my
apartmentmates) on their marvelous
decorating talents. They certainly
have become very innovative. A
desultory glance tells me that they're

specializing in Late American Filth.

There'll be plenty of time to feast your
eyes. Cynthia. Right new it would be
wise to get this suitcase into your
room. . 

A few words about Pat and Larry.
Pat (the girl) belongs here. Larry (the

boyfriend) is part of the ac
unbeknownst to me whgn 1k 33:33

At least my room is the same
pleasantly disarrayed cubicle I left it
To the kitchen to get me some food Oh
Godlll Who'd have ever thought. I'd
have to hike through a jungle of
garbage to get to the sink. This move~
to the sink was a definite mistake A
bottomless pit of dishes encrusted
with last week's spaghetti. egg salad
argi a lot of unidentifiables.

award to the table.-

laughter is taking on aNgyrvgliZ
quality. There was a table in this room
somewhere. 0h silly me. I almost
didnt recognize it with the laundry

haeyet been documented. but there is

little doubt that it is only a matter of

time. Releases are continuing and we
h may even see these birds in the Albany
' area.‘ , * . , .

In Colorado/where there are still
resident ~.Peregrines. the breeding
success is peor. Again. this is thought
to be due to pesticides. Reproductive
attempts'usually fail due to infertile
eggs or thin egg shells caused by
pesticides. At these nests captive bred

_ hatchlings have been introduced and
readily accepted by the foster parents.
This saves much time and effort and

, has the added advantage of
familiarizing the nestlings with other
members of its own species.

These same procedures are now
being worked out for birds such as
Bald Eagles and Ospreys. Some like
the whooping crane are ex periencein g
only limited success. while others are
faring better. Phenomenal amounts of
time, energy and money have gone
into the Peregrine project with many
organizations and individuals
contributing. Over one-half million
dollars have been spent since 1970

To those who have never seen u
Peregrine Falcon it is hard to explm In
Why they are so appealing. Like the
Timber Wolf and the Bald Eagle. Hwy
are powerful predators and often male
for life. This makes them somewhat
similar to man. which may explain
their attraction. Seeing a Peregrlne
flying along a cliffface orin pursuit nl‘
prey is an almost Spiritual
experience. Spectacular dives and
swoops are over almost before you can
blink. The reward for saving a species
is priceless.

After this success story it should hv
noted that this is only one of many
endangered species of animals and
plants. Even the Peregrine faces. .l
tenuous future. Ironically. althuuuh
DDT is illegal to use in this country :1
is being exported by Amer-mm
chemical companies to countries
where there is no concern for 11s
consequences. This means that n
migratory animal such as lhl'
Peregrine can leave its relatively

. safe home in North America and fly to

South America to be poisoned.
M- _ ,

Editor's Note: Paul Kerlingcr Ls
presently engaged in amitholognml
research in SUNYA's Biolum'
department.

w

(clean I hope). Larry‘s motorc)’CJC
helmet and the none-too-clean dishes
on it. .

And how could I miss the telltale
margarine dish. Another margarine
dish like this does not exist in all the
hworld. Needless to say it is covered
with a film of gre'asy slime. The dabs
of margarine on the cover and the
sides of the dish are all in different
stages of decay and would make an
admirable science fair project for a
fifth grader. The contents of the inside
are canary yellow. Margarine out of
the refrigerator has always struck me
as being slightly immoral and this

- margarine enters my bad drennm

 

 

  

 

 

 

  

I Four Years and $1200 Lateral} 

 
     
  

 

 

'DHO

 

 

. by Eric Osborne

 

 

 

hey asked me to write
these articles. I didn't
volunteer.
I say this because I am to
hi fidelity gear what old
dogs are to new tricks: they can
acquire them. but it takes a very long
time. -

It took me somewhere in the area of
four to five years for me to buy a
stereo.

This could be thought of as an
unusually long time for one to make a
relatively minor life decision. After
all. one does not agonize over the
choice of Pioneer versus Marantz the
Way one would about medicine versus
law. Or marriage versus abortion.
naive versus experienced. blonde or
brunette. You understand my drift.
Most people would not consider the
one nearly as important as the others.

I don't think that my personal
priorities are worth exploring in this
or subsequent chats. I do think that it
could be worth your while to think
about the following:

It has been my experience that once
human beings discover the limitless
realm of music and the almost
miraculous nature of hi fidelity
reproduction. the importance which
these two quantities take on is
significant. In other words. consider
that friend of yours who really didn't
get into music or see concerts but
watched TV all the time. until he/she
got his/her stereo. Then. no one else
could get a night of sound sleep in the
house unless the rig was down for
routine maintenance.

It is a wonderous thing. It is far too
abstract a feeling to do justice to with
only a pen in your hand. I wish I could
bring you home and put on that record
for you. No. not the one that sounds
like it was recorded in someone‘s
mausoleum with the microphones a
mile away. The other one. The one in a
thousand where some California
hippie who plays recording engineer
decided to earn his keep for a change
and really did justice to the
performance.

And the performance. What else can
you say? The performance.
Indescribable.

That piece of vinyl is worth a hell of
a lot more than $4.49 at Just-A-Song.
That piece of vinyl is sacred.
Sometimes, irreplaceable.

It is that piece of vinyl which
demands that justice be done to it. i
mean it. i have spoken to many people
who have considered the matter
carefully and have said the same
thing. That XAM special for $99 just
will not cut it. You can still enjoy the
record. but like the filet of beef that is
smothered in catsup. your
appreciation of it is clouded at best.

lam explaining this badly. Speak to
your friend who bought that stereo a
while ago. The one who dropped out of
high school. estranged his partner and
alienated his parents because all he
did most of the day was eat. excrete.

and listen. That person has discovered
what I am speaking of. That person
can put on the record we were-
listening to earlier. and completely
transcend the fact that his gut is

and Not Heading Thom

regularly.

Another thing which will be joining
the margarine dish in my nightmares
is the state of my beautiful. brown and
white gingham tablecloth. a six dollar
steal from. Macy‘s. The few spots
which show through the debris are not
encouraging. In fact. I see burn marks.
Oh God!!! I shudder to think at what
the hidden part looks like. Maybe
that‘s why all this shit is piled on it—tc
conceal a massacre. My first instinct
is to throw everything on the floor and
See what other damage has been done.
Forget it. I'm not moving any of this.
And while I‘m forgetting about things.
I might as well forget about hunger

and nix the snack idea. Just haven't
got the courage to open that
refrigerator door. There‘s bound to be
something in there which hasn't
received proper burial and is just
waiting to jump out and wreak
revenge upon the first person to open
the door.

I see the oven has suffered another
loss—this time the broilerdoor. Great.
Nov we can watch our steaks broil
just like the surburban housewife with
her windowed range oven.

It's time to leave the kitchen.
Hmmmmn. The bathroom door is
closed. I'll take that as ahint and won't
open it until it’s absolutely necessary,

   

empty, he has no friends, the landlord
is prosecuting for the rent, and the
rabbit died. He has before him, a
performer. a band. a symphony
orchestra. «

I don't mean this metaphorically. He
can. I can—you can close your eyes
and have it all in front of you. The
vocals center and nice and close. lead
and rhythm left and right and right up
there. bass nice and clear but a little
further back. and drums hitting you
with the kind of sock that means
you're sitting right in front of them.

Or the New York Philharmonic.
Thought that your living room was 9
by 12? Close your eyes. listen to the
music. If the record is good. the seat is
the best in the house. And half a
million dollars worth of talent is
yours to enjoy. The dynamics are
breathtaking. the performance is
dazzling. and the instruments sound
just. well . . . just like the last time
you were at the new Avery Fisher
Hall. And. best of all. it's yours to have
anytime you can put on thatflat disc of

vinyl and be in the mood to close your ’

eyes and take yourself there.

The point is this: no. buying a stereo
is probably not as important a
decision as whether or not to marry
your high school sweetheart or face
the shotgun. But investing the time
and exploring the situation as fully as
possible is definitely worth your
while. Don't rush into anything. Don't
buy the system that's on special
because the salesperson is cute.

Once you have come to realize that
the quality of your life will be changed

as Wolfe’s Advice;

And then I'll be armed with Lysol.
Crumpled tissues randomly spot the
green»carpeted’hallway. At last I've
reached the threshhold of the living
room. ['11 say one thing. There
certainly is a lot of life in here-and
it's growing out of the sofa. the closet.

and my favorite armchair. The main.

motif in here is pizza—crusts. cheese
and sauce. all strewn about in an
incidental manner. Another cozy
touch is a pair of jocky shorts lying
under the coffee table. Visions of
Larry and Pat and a bunch of their
friends engaged in a wild underwear
orgy are just too much.

Under the sofa. along 'wlth ten

1

 
      

for the better. to '3 greater oi- lesser
degree. by the purchase of hi fidelity
reproduction equipment—once you

decide that you‘ve done long enough

without that, stereo—do a little
homework. take your time. explore all
of the possibilities. The only regret
you will ever have is that you
probably didn't give the situation
enough thought. >

I have said enough. When you have
decided that it is time for you to think
about buying hi fi gear. that it is time
for you to buy hi fi gear or that it is
time for you to take that poor excuse
for a stereo they gave you for junior
high school graduation and sell it for a
profit to your baby brother. we will. 
talk some more. For each summer
issue of the ASP. I will contort from
'my gut some new hit of information
about the options open to you.

In closing. people always ask me
how much money is enough for them
to get .a good system; but not have
them remortgage the house in the
process. Individual tastes are like—
inferiority complexes: everyone
seems to have them. In other words.
it's all up to you. But nominally.
prepare to spend at least $350 to $400.
ltrsounds like a lot. but ,I have yet to "
meet the individual who regrets _
spending what he/she did on hi fl stuff.
It really is something which you can
enjoy virtually without additional
expense. for many years in the future.
Editor's Note: First in a six part series
that will examine. component by
component. the ins and outs of buying
‘ stereo equipment. "

inches of dust is a complete library of
Penthouse. Cal and Playboy dating
back .to September 1975. “

Of the tvirelve or so plants scattered
about, five have reached final peace.
"three are crunchy but not quite dead
and four fill categories ranging from
Fair to. On the Road to Oblivion.

Why wasn‘t I evertold these horrors
of off-campus fliying? Firetraps. ' I
slumlords. rent and leases they tell
you- about but _.'*-’;'. a click of the
lock. . . . the door opens and guess
who walks in. "Hi Cynthia. How's it
going?" I manage a choked "Hello".
then walk into my room. closing the
door'behlndrme. \ ‘ '

   

 
  
 

  
 

