 

 

 

 

 

   
   

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
     
    
   
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
   
  

   

 

 

 

6 don‘t have any
money." Todd said to
the fat old woman
. sitting behind the
desk. "We spent it on
car repairs." '
"l‘m sorry." she
snapped While putting
a rubber band around
a roll ofdollarbilis. "If
you don't have a meal
card you can‘t eat for

. nothing." She said
this With. such l'lnality that my two friends and i automati-
cal‘lly I.lll'll(l(l uround an'd descended the stairs toward the‘side

(lnm'.

Outside it was .dark. As we trudged through the snow of the
courtyard. my reflection caught a glimpse of us. three frail
shadows draped in long black coats. -

"We'll all catch pneumonia if we don't get out of this cold
soon." i yelled over to Allan. not sure he could hear me.

"Yeah. I know. but where the hell do they live? I don‘t even
know whai‘to look for." With that he put his arm around me. and
it was understoodthat we were to «follow Todd. '

We came upon'a large building that had huge slabs of black
glass. Inside were books in rows that. reflected the moonlight
like tombstones in a cometary. I peered inside at the large
expanse of shelves and darkness that lay protected from the
cold wind and noise outside. Yes. it is a cemetery in a sense. I
said to myself. As i walked away from the building. [stared at
my reflection for a moment. and knew it was wondering. like
me. why three intelligent freshmen would seek to obtain an
education at this God-forsaken place.

The snow drifted in slow motion in front of my eyes. gathering
into a thin translucent curtain that rippled with sporadic bursts
of wind. I felt my mind ascending. floating high above in a cold
dark calm. while my body. swept into this whirl~wcrld. tingled
from the spray of microscopic icicles. which flicked and sang
silver in front of my eyes. In the'distance. a bare tree branch
jutted out. black and claw-like against waves of white Ocean. 1
imagined it was Ahab going down for the last time. fist
clenched. tricked by God. cursing mankind. By the time we
reached it. it was only a branch again; a grey face covered by
sheets of white. drowned in my excess of imagination. Todd
picked up. the stick and tossed it into the wind. We never saw it
again. '

Allan. galloping like a mad horse over the dunes. tripped as
he shouted over to uE“

“I can see them over here. the frat houses!" We turned and saw
the backs of the looming brick buildings. The snow had dusted
the red brick to a light pink. and clung to the bare walls in
uneven clumps. As we walked toward the buildings I felt an
echo of hunger in the pit of my stomach.’ .

The building had large Greek columns in the front. with the
words “Delta Kappa. Epsilon" chlsled across the top. we

knocked on the door for several minutes waiting for an answer. I
rebuttoned the top of my coat as the wait grew long. Suddenly
the door cracked open. and a girl in a yellow dress appeared.

“Are you the recruits?“ she asked.

“Well. er . . . “ began Allan.

“Tell Bill the McCormack brothers are here." she shouted up
the stairs. '

“Come on in. we were wondering what took you guys so
long . . . ‘

“We‘re not the McCormack Brothers." said Todd. “or even
athletes. for that matter really.”

“You‘re not?” she said glancing back.

"No. we're here to visit our friend Gil Davis." said Allan.

A shalt stocky fellow with close chopped brown hair draped
his arm over the girl‘s shoulder. His hand was white and fattish,
molding complacently to the playing cards he was holding.

“Davis has gone home for the weekend." he said cocking his
head. "His room’s locked. sorry."

A slow fear gripped us all. Lost in a blizzard with nowhere to

0.

“May be he'll be back tomorrow. check back then." the girl said
in the same tone of voice that the cafeteria woman used.

“Your names are Allan and Todd. are they not?" We turned
around. and saw a tall lanky fellow in faded white corduroy
pants. There was a noticeable gap between his pants and low cut
white sneakers.

"Gil told me to watch for your arrival." he said. confidently
descending the stairs as we looked up. his sneakers making a
strange squeaking sound on what appeared to be freshly
painted cement. .

"He told me you‘d be here. too." pointing an accusing finger at
me.

"Bill. see if you can change this into some beer.“ he said
handing the stocky follow an old gallon milk container. "Oh. by
the way. the McCormaeks cancelled out because of the snow so
call coach. and let him know. 0.K.‘?" They were both down the
cellar stairs before he finished. Turning quickly to us. he said.
“We hope the MeCormacks will fill our backfield next year." We
followed him up the stairs. Todd kept looking down as if the girl
were still there.

"Why is silo with him." he asked me. “Probably because she's
the coach's daughter." I said. No one laughed.

As we got to the top of the stairs Allan tripped over a piece of
rug that was pushed out over the stairs. but managed to hold on
to the gold top of the bannister that was shaped like achalice.

"Someone's going to fucking kill themselves one of these
days." he said unlocking a door with the name "Kurt" in bold
letters over the center. Turning the light on. he told us all to
have a seat. and he'd be right back. We all sat rigidlyforthe first
five minutes. until 'I‘odd became restless and started playing
with the stereo. « ' .

v "Don't fool around with that". I said. looking at the door to see
if he was commit.

“it's alright. Just getting some good tunes."

"But what if he nap it on a station he likes? You know we're not

  
 
 

  
    
  

‘ JUN 21, I977

  

xactlyhisbest’ buds." ~ ‘ 'V .

ﬁ‘Don't worry. I can find it again. Beside_ we'know Gil."
.‘v‘A lot of good that does us. Where ishe‘WAllan-was leaning
,his‘chair against the wall reading a'Plnyboy. Just then! heard

   

theclank of glasses at the door.

"Take these. will ya." he said.

dresser. . .

“Oh. um. my‘nam'e’s Kurt." he. said outright. afterwards
burping. “Shit. you guys picked a great time to come. Fill up."
after pouring himself one. . '

We passed around the container. Allan. realizing that it was
impolite to read while meeting someone new. put down the
Playboy. ~—

"Se how's Gil?"
conversation quickly.

Half-smirking. Kurt took a sip orbeer and said. “He has his
moments."

' As I looked about the room I noticed a huge mirror hanging
over the dresser and for a moment studied the four of us moving
about. short. sputtering pieces of ii Im clips. Allan and Todd now
appeared more like comic appurltions of myself than real
people. as I studied their reflections in the dim light. Kurt asked
I Todd to fill up again. I wonderch aloud if we should drink so
I much before a party.

“Don't worry. this won‘t get you drunk." said Kurt waving his
empty beer mugin the ai r as though he was casting some kind of
magical spell on us. or strengthening one he already had.

Kurt began to explain to Todd and Allah the advantages of
freshmen coming into a frat house. I watched the records orbit
slowly on the turntable: and asked Kurt-if people would still
come despite this weather. Kurt had a light watery glow about
his face as he put his large white sneakers with brown tractor
tread bottoms on his desk next in me and said. "The weather
never stopped anyone from doing anything here.“ i felt myself
falling into a light sleep. like drops of water running down the
strings of a harp.

Todd woke me up saying that I had slept for about an hour and
if I didn't get down soon l‘d miss all the beer. Finches of hunger
drew on 'my consciousness as I in u to the stairs. The doors were
left open. and gusts of cold ai r I r,\ in push people into the back of
the room. but all they do Is quun Outside. drunken boys keep
falling ofl' the curb. and bl'cnklnLT. their asses. Seine throw
snowballs inside occasionally inlting a surprised girl in the
back of the head. or managing In knock someone‘s drink ever.

asked Allan. wanting to open the

Hot steaming bodies slide Logo! ln-n the touch of strange hands.
the slight curve of ass. a monu-ulary brush of breasts falling
back into place. the echo of Bonn-I me else‘s fart drifting over. all

unexpected gifts. 1 finally gel luvs-elf another beer and realize
I‘ve had too much. My stcnnwh nun's into the rest of my body.

I inhaled but it‘s as though In\ lungs have filled with stale
bricks of air. I must find my way Hill. Not kuowingwhere to turn.
1 just begin to walk. Someone ('1 nnus up to me and tells me that
Bruce Springsteen will save i'lu'k and roll. and i start to laugh
because of the deadly seriousuw.» of his statement. A girl tells
me she‘s getting a degree in Cuunnnnications. but doesn‘t know
why. A philosophy major was vxplaiuingto some friends why it
was important that Newton was Innled by ametaphor. and Plate

wasn‘t. As I listened. he Slitl'lt‘il reviewing Kent's maxims; I
went up to him and asked hnn n anyone actually believed in
anything. Lighting up a cigul'l-lll'. he said. “Hey man. you don‘t
have the time here." All his lrn-nds were vastly amused.

I staggered outside and stood III a puddle of slush feelingthe
dampness drawing and Cl‘lll'lilllil the warmth of my shoes,

“Too hot for you?" I Luriqu .lrouud quickly and saw the
silhouette of a woman Icaunu; against the brick wall.

"I mean.“ she went on. "it ill'l“ In a point where It's not worth
even the free booze."

"Yeah. l‘m soaked from just slnmlingarcund.” l sputtered out.
trying to grab hold of the Silllnllnll.

"Got your own mug. I sov'

"A friend lent it to me."

"Lucky. 1 have to use thosn l'l nnnny papercups. not even hull"

l the sign. See?" She came ('lllhl‘l' inf the first time. holding her
I cup and my glass up to lln- IIILIII The light illuminated her
whole face. showing waves nl :zlt'uming black hair that looked

I as if it was drawn back curl) In Hie night but now lay flowing
onto her shoulders. She won- I n isteel rim glasses that seem

.l'

I
l
I
I
|
I
I
I
|
I
I
I

 

 

‘ I took‘four beer mugs from his hands and put them 'on his ‘

 

 
  

l
|
I
I
I
I
|
|
I
|
I
|
I
I
I
I
I
|
I
|
|
|
|
I
|
|
I
I
|
I
I
I
|
I
|
|
I
|
I
|
I
|
I
|
I
|
|
I
|
|
I
I
I

 

  

...,

to be the center of her face. Small dots of perspiration marked [you latex." Allan disappeared    h
the curve of her glasses to her. nose.‘;wrhich was small .and_‘|.leav‘ing' amnion "once‘agcin' infthe dampnight‘olr. f" a

straight. . I . g . . . . .

“What year you in?" she said. (taking off'hefr glasses. and

wiping under her eyes. exposing her eyebrows to tﬁilight—
beautiful light arcs of ash. that brought awholen'ess. afirmness
to her face. ' ‘ . ‘ r ~ I '
. "Could you get me a. beer please? My glasses‘wlll fog up again.
if I go in.“ she said handing me awrinked wax paper eupitbat'
had all the wax chewedput of its rim. ‘ m"

"Sure. I said. “I‘ll be right back." I

nce inside the humidity hung
overthe crowd like the carcass of a.
huge dead animal. The smoke
seemed to peel away layers of skin
from my eyelids. causing water to
well up like that in an overfilled
glass. ready to spill any minute. I
was finally able to fill the th
cups. being careful not to hold
hers too firmly.'because of its poor
condition. A slap on the back caus-
ed me to cruin the paper cup and
. spill some beer from mine.

"What‘ve you been crying about." I heard Todd say behind me.

“l‘m not crying. it‘s the smoke. You spilt my beer."

“Gee. sorry.“ ‘

"Forget it." .

“Look there‘s sandwiches on the other side of the room. if we
can get them." he said. '

"Na. couldn't keep it down."

"Might puke it up. huh?"

"Think so."

“What's the matter. you don‘t like it here?"

"I don't know. Everything seems to bother me. the old lady.
and Kurt. this party. nothing seems right. Maybe l‘m not made
i'or college." ‘

"You! The reader. not made for college. come on. Out of all of
us. you‘re tire only one I think can make it.”

“Well still. I don‘t know.“

“Well. look. worry about it tomorrow. attend to that woman.
I'm starved. don't care what they have to offer." and with that.
Todd went plowing into the crowd. I

i managed to safely carry a nearly full glassloutside. despite
being bashed by numerous elbows and shoulders.

"I can use your mug. thanks." she said. holdingthe glass with
two hands. She looked much more drunk to me now than before.
The conversation between us mixed easily. like swirls of yellow
and orange paint that drape the trees in Autumn. She was
asking me cute and meaningless things about my life. which 1
willingly thought up wisecrack answers for. all the time
wanting, desiring to know what mysteries veiled her from my
eyes. We still didn't know each other‘s names.

"What do you think of this party?" she asked. coaxing me.

"The whole scene reminds me of the end of Rabbit Run. There
is this one part where they keep passing the ball around.
making everyone look foolish because. in effect. nobody's there;
college seems a lot the same."

"You've been reading Updike. I see . . .

"Don't mind him. everything he sees reminds him of
something he read." Allan was leaning against the door.
pushing himself ol'f it as he came walking toward us.

“I was thinking if maybe we should stay another night to see
the basketball game."

The girl looked toward me anticipating an answer. Allan
stood defiantly with his legs apart also waiting a reply. There
were two other schools on the list. dark harbors. neon vistage‘s
that promised less comfort than here.

"i guess?" I said looking at her rather cockily

" Are you two here together?“ said the girl to Allan.

“Yeah. we're from the same place. Where's ’i‘odd?"

"I-le's having some sandwiches inside.“

“li‘ood, sweet Jesus. l'm famishcd: I‘m gonnacattill l bust. See

‘1

Hot steaming bodies slide together: the touch

of strange hands, the slight curve of ass,
a momentary brush of breasts falling back

into place  . allunexpectcd gifts, , ..

_. z .. .

I_ stood a moment watching the  base of my breath bellow

out. and disappear under the strong porch lamp. _-  ‘ 
.“-Ya know." she said dusting the snow affairs of the'ﬁwindow

sills.__“n'iyyphiloscphy professor told us once that tummy
Chinese thought that clouds came out of the mountains.- ind that
they were a symbol of man freeing himself from the finite world
andhis ego."  . .. ‘
5 "Whatever made you think of that." I V

“I don't know. I guess this ice on the window. it’s cloud-v

shaped. see?” She ran her finger along the formation I was to . .

recognize.

“Sort of. I guess." ‘

“Well anyway. that's philosophy. I'm starting to get cold."
“Yeah. me too. want to go in?“

“Na. things are pretty beat in there. I think I'll go back home."
“It is late.“ 1 added assuringly. . ' ‘
“I‘ve got to get my coat. I'll be right back." she said. touching
my shoulder as another would her son. and then walked

|inside. i set thinking for a moment of what was goint to. be

expected of me now. and in the future. Of the strange ties that-
now bound New York and my small farm in Pennsylvania. Of
the fact that this would grow to be more and more of my life.
while the wood shingled house and my parents would become a
backdrop. a point of launch. to which I owed only my origins.
The trust which they placed in me would now grow elusive and
abstract. a quiet confidence that let my»parents give me the
family' car for the weekend. even though it meant my father

I
walking to work one day. or perhaps grabbing a ride from Mr.-

I

I
| _____________________ _.
’  by Jerry Mikorenda, _

 

Lennings. Wanting to see me go in proper style. my father had
taped up the front seat and paintedthe fiberglass patch he put on
in the fall. It would be lonelyin the future for my mother with no
one to talk to her in the kitchen at night. after my father wentto
bed. With no one to save money to buy“ books for. or ask
questions about What has been read. . .,

“Sorry I took so long. but I forgot what my coat looked like."
The abruptnese from which I was pulled from my thoughts.
mixed with the honesty of her revelation. caused me tolaugh.

“You certainly had a wide enough choice." ..-

"Well I need a new coat anyway. do you like this one?"

“Looks much better than your old dumpy one."

“It's the same one. you assl" she yelled in mock anger. “ Look.l
have to go now. would you like to see the dorms?"

light rain was now falling
steadily. forming a layer of thin

weight into the wetness ol' the
snow. I stopped to wipe the drops
of water that were accumulating
over my eyebrows. and watched
her awkwardly tip from side to
side as she .walked through the
snow. She stuck her hands out
which were red and bird-like
compared to the rest of her body. to
balance herself. Her legs stretched
at the seams of herjeans. and blended into two slight curves that
folded into Worn 'patches of blue jean. and bounced with the
downward sway ol' an usher‘s light descending down an aisle. I
stood and found myself unable to continue.

"Look." I yelled to her. "It's getting pretty cold. 1 think I'm
going to go back." She stopped walking and turned around. her
hair was matted and clung to her forehead.

"You can do what you want. you know." she said. once again
wi ping her glasses. The bottom of her nose appeared very red as
if it had been rubbed viciously for a long time. “But l'm going
home.“ i turned around and put my hands in my pockets. the
rain was falling harder now. much harder. i could hear the
crunch of her footsteps growingfurthor and furtheraway. when
her voice called to me.

"Hey! You forgot your glass. your friend might want it."

I started to walk toward her. but she answered by gesture by
throwing the mug at me. It landed a few feet in front of me. I
shook the snow out of it and began running back toward the frat
house. I caught my foot in a thick piece of ice and glided
helplessly into the wet snow. As I approached the building I
could feel the area behind my ears growing warmer. I saw
myself as a fool returningto fools. and thought how cruel ltwas
of me not to adjust.

 

ice that regularly broke under our‘

 

  

  

