  
   

    

Blyder Harp, alias Big Ben to all his
friends that associated‘with him during
his younger years, stood silent for a
moment. Big Ben as it is known was the
nickname he received from Bonzo

Lugnut his junior year in high school.

Blyder was the football team's varsity
center that year, and had -a knack for
coming up too high out of the frog like
stance in which he had spent most of his
Blyder to the mufﬂed
and
disappointment of his coaches, who asthe
guardians of many grass altars, only saw
it ﬁtting to sternly gnaw away at their

adolescence.

laughter of his teammates,

little balls, he replaced the box of spare
model parts in the hall closet, as his wife
and he slurped their dinners in the
kitchen‘s formica silence. The ballon tied
to his wife‘s chair had “amazed” printed
on it, while Blyder's simply bore a huge
painted smile which symbolically meant
sex after dinner.

Blyder looked exceedingly interested in
the news as he dropped a fork full of peas
on the table. He mumbled to himself
causing small splatters of pork chop
grease to glisten on his ﬂeshy cheeks;
noticing his wife‘s displeasure at his ill
mannners he pulled in his ballon and

yet nevertheless he tugged at his father's
fingers. “Father, Dad? Where‘s the
bandaids?" he said in a clear adult voice.
The child opened the top draw to Blyder‘s
desk. “Not in the desk“ Blyder mumbled.
His son left the living room, but marched
back in with a large model plane box
under his arm, and a balloon tied to his
diaper that had "Life is a gas“ printed on
it. He began to snap the pieces together
without having to look atthedirections.

agle"

the man‘s general appearance, his
stooped posture or the way he wore his
clothes. The shorts, one leg cut longer
than the other, and the soiled tee-shirt he
wore was much too large for him.

Blyder spoke. “Why do you carry an
umbrella about with you while mowing
the lawn?“

Blyder‘s son did the twirl of a Spanish
dancer over to his father, and handed him
a flower. “lt‘s meant to be ironic“ hesziid,

 

Blyder symbolically saw himself as

     
   
        

type. A famous man said that before they
invented balloons.

At the office Blyder viciously eyed the
tender burnt ﬂanks of young secretaries
about the office. The first hum of

stem tickled her when it touched between
her breasts — her laugh aggravated
Blyder.

“We‘re_not hiring ifyou‘re looking for a
job“ yelled Blyder, trying to stare down

 

always left them so vulnerable. layed their
lives open to him so to speak; the strap
marks and then again no strap marks, the
neglected areas that revealed themselves
out of nowhere while reaching for a file or
record book, showing white like suddenly
turning over a catfish. The small winces of
pain shown almost uncxpressively by a
twitch of an eyebrow or the casual rtib of
a leg. made them all the more reachable.

his '0“ . The ' walk of his
neighbor made the secretaries smile
behind his back, and Blyder‘s disgust for
him grew more. The man seemed to have
an inner awareness of their laughing, yet
remained taciturn, and sat in front of
lllyder's desk. leaning on his umbrella.
“If you‘re not trying to get him ajob
what are yoti doing here“ demanded
Blyder of his son. Blyder's fat bald head
began to sweat under the neon lights.

 

 NBS I, a-short story by Brenda Starr

(Lance-Enhanc'ed, poetry, he laughed;
Lance-Enhanced now I'll buy my wife
new pants). Tested earlier today in
Nevada, top scientists say the new bomb
minimizes collateral damage. while
concentrating on ladiation. Unlike earlier
bombs the Neutron bomb leaves
buildings and other structures standing
while killing surrounding life. Dubbed
the clean bomb, the intense radiation
t'lttlllt’d causes damage to the central
nervous system. followed by nausea, loss
o/‘mitscle control. and eventual death due
to respiratory failure. The neutron
liomb'x one drawback, top senate aids
t'lllllll. l.\' that the Ilitlt‘ of death is

 
  
 
    
  
  
  
 
  
    
   
   
     
     
    

ﬂying lessons. they wouldn‘t be that
much.
“Maybe we‘ll stay here?" he thought

 

nickle plated‘whistles while Blyder in a placed a question over the smile as these buildings,  slim, fast “Nd

     
    
   
    
   

 

 

 

 

. Sonata?! sate :f  stood straight up on punishment. Hiswife humblyloweredher as moisture 2|nd plume gripped m mm, “we Ihoughl you asked us hawksaid unmwm [Mu], m" “m” anywhere again. tripping backwards into his
' ' r 1 4 o , l D t . , ' .

' 6:! ac o is eesmstead ofstaytnglow head and went back to‘ the mechanicdl madem, sexually  . . . thighs: mttdL‘ them seem all the more to his son, arranging flowers on the desk. thiii'enttA/i'ii-tniiiit/csto iii'eiiti'ortliirty thoughts. Blyder thought of adding
4" Wild“?- ln '1" Clio" l0 make his PTOCCSS"fSl'C'ngalld eillmgionlysmwmg —'—- i need him as a pillar of strength and extensions to the house, maybe even buy
EWChcglbzl'evzahzt '12?"ch _Whal he W3; row“ 11h: “Ulolgillzlon lho “(FF her 31355“ ll—II- 4 I ‘ r d d 1 example of the smooth flow of office the house nextdoor and extend intothat. '. .‘v‘
0mg y era e a ito aJump,muc 'rom si ing 0 ert in ace. Blyder‘s “No glue?“ said Blyder. s“'dl’llmls’ “5 “lgcrs 1‘“ “Ml”! MW bcll'tvit)!‘ in this hirem ol Ior ~ . . . . . ‘-
‘ - t t ~ . . . 1‘ ‘ ~ - t 5"“an ' - Maybe move and extend tht. house ,t
likca basketball player would in dornga fattish pale hands sucked in the control “No glue,“ said his son, pulling yet “10 mil" once again thlnl) \lllllL'tl .ii suntan lotions. and royal \irgins We  I've In  world llllyWil)“ Vi

lay-up. By doing this Blyder would box and switched the channel all in one another piece from the plastic mold. Blyder. nodded and Went back to ,zlcrii'iccd u, m,- snmmmc.‘ "mm-“i lyiydcrbcgunlaughingagain‘hciookcd

 

 

   
   
   
    
   
   
    
  

    
 

  
 
    
  
  
   
   
   
    
   
  
    
   
  
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   

 

manage to get one of his pork chop legs

up too high. causing him to have his bell
rung.
“No one tolls louder!“ someone yelled
from the bench as the two assistant
coaches trotted on the field to young
Blyder. as he lay moaning like a beached
whale. Bonzo Lugnut,apimple faced,tall
wide recicver, who claimed to be better at
basketball than anything else, yelled out
“Big Ben tolls again. ding dong, ding
dong.“ The nickname, like all other
nicknames that stuck, somehow managed
to surface again and again,just as it was
about to be forgotten. and was christened
in the usual manner. Everyone got drunk
one night and out of boredom began
reminiscing Blyder‘s story because it had
the three qualities of a great story; it was
sick. funny, and humiliating. It wasn‘t
until many beers later that, worked into a
frenzy. they chanted “Big Ben, Big Ben!"
Everyone laughed; Blyder farted, and
passed out, Fat Spider threw-up. and
everyone went home.
l'hus Big Ben stood silent fora moment
between the silver canyons of the city.
under huge plates of cut glass that
reflected the gray—black of the street.
liverything was streamlined and slick,
Wood chips surrounded the black metal
canisters that held perfectly trimmed
maple trees all in a row. Blyder in another
one of his secret interior monologues
symbolically saw himself as these
buildings, the jeunesse dorcc; tall, slim,
fast, and modern, sexually defiant in their

motion. Lauren Bacall turned to him with
knowing eyebrows and said, "You ever
get hit by a dead bee.“ His meaty
shoulders shrugged and shook as he let
out a loose laugh causing his fingers to
accidently change the channels.
Temporarily lost he once again put onthe
grey haired newsprogram.

Blyder took a semi-large styrofoam
box out of the hall closet and trounced
into the bedroom, where he tied a bright
orange balloon with “Bliss to the ninth
power" printed on it, to the bedpost, and
proceeded to dab and titillate his wife as
long as the batteries held out. On
occassion when caress and electricity
chemically mixed. her nose lit up. Blyder
had for a moment felt on par with the
wood chip cannisters on Madison
Avenue, which made the $9.97 gamble on
mailorder styrofoam all worthwhile.
They talked. What is love?“Always being
young and beautiful" she said. “and being
able to sit aroung nude in your living
room drinking expensive sherry till all
hotirs of the morning, and not having to

"But i won an honorable mention with
that one in the city years ago. Remember?
It took months to build, I let you wet the
sponges when l put on the decals, and
rememberjust before you left for college
the wind knocked it oil the floor,
remember? And I had to mold new parts
because the company wasn‘t making this
brand model anymore. l still have the
parts l made in the box in the hall closet.
The model‘s downstairs with the others. it
still looks brand new, I‘ll show you.“

Blyder got up from his chair and began
walking toward the cellar door when he
caught sight of his son outside talking to
the strange, peculiar man who had been
his neighbor since (iod knows when. He
opened the front door. the smells of a hot
summer afternoon layed heaiily around
him. The humid smell of wet etit grass
mixed with gasoline irritated his noscand
brought small wells of water to his eyes.
His son sat with a hand full of flowers
laughing. Amused by the stories told by
the neighbor. the youngster began to
dance and toss the flowers all about the

adjusting his own mower.

“It‘s Sunday" said Blyder. looking it
the flower his son handed him "\oiii
mother will want us to go to thunh
soon."

"And why do you suppose th.it the
poor boxes need to be lillcd"" \ttltl the
that]. checking the gasoline lL'\L‘l fll l|\
mower.

Blyder‘s son was stretched out lllltlL'l a
tree eating an apple. "Do you think it‘s lllh
sunburn that’s making him lrt‘tlttlc you.
father?"

“I don‘t know" answered lilydei, "but
this is no way for a neighbor to act being
sarcastic and all on a Sunday inoiinng,
it's an outrage."

“Wasn‘t it an outrage when the
Apostles had admitted tht'cc ihoimnd
People in the church in one day." with
whispered the man. standing up lllx tux
had lost their solt bluc colorand glared Ill
a grey storm tit lllydcr. "ch| lllt' how
could so many at once sec lltc lllllll .nid
accept it so fast?"

“Now look you,"

yelled lil\tlt‘t.

 

chlorine (iod of anotherneighbor‘s pool.

He worked at his desk as usual. dialing
numbers. calling numbers. lhc computer
led otit the telephone numbers in a
sequence, which the programmer told
him made it easier and lit\lt.'l' to dial. btit
the message was always the same: " l his is
thc Xerox corporation. we lia\c I'L'\|L‘\\t.‘d
and put your application Ill ottr files.
unfortunately we are not engaging in any
new employment ut the present time. You
will be gi\cn lull consideration w hen any
new positions calling for _\otti
qualifications open. If you haw any
further questions please call otir oflicc
between the hours of ii a.m. and 4 pm.
Iliank you for your interest in Xerox."

llic formal statement was handed ottt
Ill a memo a month ago. a matter which
was passed unanimoust as rumor has it,
:it the last board meeting. “lhey figure
it‘ll save a lot of time instead of ctcryonc
liming to make up their own thing. and
wasting money on the phone.“ said the
saggy-kneed secretary with flaring purple
hair, handing the memo to lilydci. lilych

as individuals, like

eagles always remaining high above
the clouds, in our mountain towers,

guarding the nests of human sorrow.

"\\ but would I want with him'.’ Where‘s
your mower. pal!"

“It‘s in the cletulor l)iid. would you
like to check the blade?“

"Smart-ass aren‘t you." Blyder saw the
man grinning for the first time. "Why‘d
you start hanging around with this creep.
(iod he‘s sickly. a bum!"

"It's not worth it" said Blytler‘s son.
conipiissionatcly putting his hand on that
of his older friend.

"So I suppose" he said. wctirily rising.
they began to walk slowly back toward
the c|c\.itoi'. lllydcr's son stopped for it
moment to blow up it balloon. It bad
"| ifc [N .i gas" printed on it. Ilcgaic it to
the young secretary with the flower. "I
won't bc net-ding thistiiiy more" he said. It
pleased the girl immensely. she tied the
balloon with iicwloiind coiilidcnccto lici
typcwttlct‘.

"\ow \\.lll you two" \littUlc‘d Blyder.
itttiipiiig fioiii llh desk. “stop till this
double talk."

’\\h.it hither?"

"Stop saying one thing and tiictintng
.iiiothctl"

"\lati isti bctiigol duplicity . Mr Harp"
putting on his hat

the man said.

illlll'd llllt‘t‘ t'UllIllt‘I. il'litlc scientists try to
llll/tl‘ttl't‘ llli’ litllllllh tfl]i‘('lll't‘llt'.\‘.\ tltt'
l’l't‘.\ltll’lll.\' is expected to .iigti u bill later
llil.\ Illtllllll to pitt it into production /i_i'
t'lll‘ll' may! l't‘tll’, Mr. l’."

"lliuttlt you .WI’. 5,- noit' on a lighter
note, Mr. lili‘tlt'r Harp and his \l‘f/i' o]
Iltirtr-oni' years are hot/r richer and
happier toot/c. They won Ilicbt'gom', the
million dollar lottery. (iux liritj/initti
III/t‘l'l'lt‘ll‘t‘tl Illt‘ couple curl/er llll.\
tf/lt‘l‘HtItIll at their llttlllt‘ on 'I'wo ('onstttnt
ll/t'tl.. .»flit'.ito.s lii'ut'li. "

Blyder watched himself twitch and
smile. he yelled to his wife that they were
on IV. she told her neighbor, and then
yelled back that she could watch it from
the kitchen. Blyder appeared natural to
himself, at least not anymore unnatural
than anyone else on 'l V. His wife thought
that the livingroom looked sinallerthan it
was. and that she looked fat. Blyder
assured her that neither case was true. he
was watching himself tell an old army
story, his tiiirid ahead of ciery word he
spoke, like you would be if you saw a
movie over for a second or third time.
Blyder gr mired at the end of the story, and
then laughed when lit: saw the ncwsiiicii

down at the pictures of his son‘s
graduation from law school, and he was
happy there too. His life was full of happy
moments. most of them framed on the
living rooin wall. He added the final
thought of buying the reservation his son
worked on; this was partly because he was
drunk. and partly because he forgot the
government protected the rights of
American Indians to their land. '

It was a foolish move for his sonto give
up a good law practice a few years
ago,and to go to Arizona to teach
children to write. But now it didn‘t
matter. foolish mistakes could be sewn up
easily. Blyder went over to his desk and
once again took out the Father's Day card
his son had sent him. His son had
inscribed the card as such: “We should
live in the world as individuals, like eagles
always remaining high aboVe the clouds
in our mountain towers, guarding the
nests of human sorrow."

Blyder heard the distant voice ofa lawn
mower. his strange neighbor would be
outside again, perhaps his son would he
with him. He thought of the peculiar titan
and how he made his son laugh.

"It‘s hot out" Blyder said. aloud. “I‘ll
bring him ottt a beer. and tell him the
good news."

lw'ilight was now approaching, the
clouds hung low, like grey lumps of lead
with only the pale sheen of the ltt'il
sunlight holding them aloof over the
endless waves of pepper colored sltinglv
that drilled on in all directions. As lllydci
walked out his front door he saw Chri..‘

stranre m’ileob'e tiv- H v “ '
with h] ir‘h JC ““ciidgim'ur'ng ,.\]| “m m 1‘ Hm WINNIle \Hlu laugh (he could hear the catncruiiiiiii
e u e concre e cavtttes. c . l i . . _ _
And so hf stood retendinv to b (10pm on, ,Mlumi ,miu" l"Ulli'ml! 1” “W llilcklllllll'ldlr “'3 “"9 hangingltoiii an antenna,histhorns were
i V p b 0 “MM” WM. 1“, H Chan“. M W”, \illtl."(it)d. what it hiim"o\ci'thc phone, him. and clcclrlc‘ and a mum," with

looking for someone or something, as a
huge jet. probably a 747 roared high
above; its echo growing louderand louder
as it approached. Blyder also
symbolically closed his eyes,and pictured
himself ﬂying that plane. calmly holding
the wheel as a shot ofsun created silveron
the nose cone. He hovered in his brain
only aware of the quiet prayer of the
machine, which was the low humming of
motion.
At home Big Ben was running
happiness in two different directions,
which ironically ended up in the same
place; the hall closet, At night he would
come home from work and quickly
shuffle himself into the basement, which
was walled with unpainted cinder blocks,
and damp grey columns dropping down
its middle. There he worked for an hour
or so until he heard the whistle of the
pressure cooker, then racing up the stairs
rolling the dried glue on his hands into

 

 

worry about getting up the morning." He
avoided the question by talking about
Lear jets, and how they have revolving
bathtubs that made the Earth'sorbit look
like a yo-yo moving on a string. How
they're so expensive that only rock groups
and soccer players could afford to buy
them. “Love of course is you my dear." he
answered. They smiled at each other.

I That night lllyder's son visited him. An
infant oftwo years in diapers, but without
the puggy old man body ofa small child,

 

yard.

“Don't do that," yelled Blyder over to

his son, "Don‘t dirty the man‘s lawn."

His neighbor turned and gave Blyder it

thin crooked smile. and tlten wiped the
sweat frotn his forehead. "Finitudc is a
sometimes holiday from despair, the
black balloon that hangs over all of us “
said the frail round shouldered man, His
eyes radiated a deep blue calm as they
peered sardoniciilly through wire framed
glasses at Blyder. Blyder didn't at all like

 

shaking his list at the man as if hc would
crush him with one hand. "You llil\t' no
fit-Si" 10 mUL'k me. or my religion, this is
America you know, and an individual has
the right to Jttlll any organi/ation they
please!"

“l‘ather. how do you see yourself in. an
individual. The 'lf 1 am I because I am I
and you are you. then I am I and
you are you; however, if i aiii l bccztttsc
you are you, and you are you because t
am 1, then i am not land youare not you‘

lg

  

4—i
applauded the move. adding he suggested

the idea years ago. but no ottc listened to
him. " l'httt‘s the way they are," slicadded
sluggisth movingthcoppositc direction.

The elevator opened. lilydct could see
his small son and his strange neighbor
cautiously walk into the-office, lhey were
wearing black tuxedos. the iiiiih had on a
low brimmed hat, and carried his
umbrella. Blyder's son handed one of the
young secretaries a flower which she put
through it button hole in her blouse. lhe

iiidi\tdii;ilit).” \iIlLl his son. pushing the
liiwn inowci to the brick of thc L'lCHlltll'.
I he phone rang. Illytlci lumbeicd back to
his tlcsk. and when he turned around the
clcmtoi doors had already shut

lllydci was, its the lcxaii Ill his otitltt
had called it. Yii—ha—ed. No. no, ll was
more like what those larm boys from
Maine called it, hammered. So lllyder sat
lll his living room. hammered, but also
astounded. He had come home early from
work to meet the news crew. it few of the
neighbors had gotten word of it,and were
calling his Wife on the phone. Ilicy were
all iiivttcd over at sewn o'clock. bill for
now lilydcr sttl slouchcd in his living
room wailing.

lhc first D” of news was given with
tense solemn excitement, "’llie W70 Mod
3 lance [Lillltlllt‘t‘tl lt’urlmtioti Warhead or
ll'litll ts trunnion/y t'tlllt‘tl the neutron
lionili was .s'tti'i'cs‘s/itlli' lt'Jll’tl today

and tlicti begun to cry uncontrollany otit
ol io_\ and conltiston.

lhc neighbors would be coming tl\'L‘l
soon. they would want to know w hut he
planned to do With the money. llcdidti‘t
really know, who would when suddenly
oycr seieiiteeti hundred dollars a week for
the rest of your life isdumped on you'.’ Btit
he gave it some quick thought. We‘ll have
to move. the thought. into a house that
has room-to-room speakers. three floors,
and an elevator. Something out on the
liast end. or iii Weslchestcr, with a
display room for his models, a bigger
workroom, tittd iI two car garage. A
sitdown mower to ride on it sod lawn, and

"Weltschmcn" printed on it. pulled
tiiutly at its string in the steady blowing
hl'L‘L'lL'. His face was sad. and he looked
toward Blyder as ifto say something, but
Blyder was busy walking across the lawn
with it beer. lllydcr‘s neighbor looked as
though he was at the point of near
exhaustion, its he slowly pushed the
rusting machine across the lawn.

I‘or Blyder this all symbolically meant
never being exhausted again. it mean the
opening of possibilities; of doors opening
With the push of a button. it also meant of
course, with thanklulness, a new orgati
for the church.

Brenda Starr, I977

 

 

by Jerry Mikorenda

graphics by Valdls Semeiks

 

 

