t.  . PAGBAAi

l. ...
l.....................2:1;

 

By SPENCE RAGGIO

Two glowing lights undulate in
synchronous motion across a wind-swept
desert landscape. The wind destroys all
other sound as the bright white objects
move gently, steadily closer. unaffected
by the sand blasting about them. Only as
the lights reach the foreground of the
scene does it become clear that we have
been following the distant movement of
the headlights of an Army jeep.

And it is also clear, from this opening
shot of Close Encounters of the Third
Kind. that writer/director Steven
Spielberg is not about to chart an easy
course into the stormy confusion
surrounding Unidentiﬁed Flying Objects.

Close Encounters draws heavily upon
the present body of scientific data
concerning UFO‘s; Spielberg is quick to
emphasize that all sightings in the ﬁlm are
closely based on existing reports. Dr. J.
Allen llynek. one of the nation‘s leading
UFOlogists and former director of Air
Force Project Blue Book. was hired by
Spielberg as technical advisor and
consultant on the film.

The film takes its title from Dr.
Hynck's book “The UFO Experience, a
Scientific Inquiry.“ In the book, he
divides UFO encounters into three
different classifications. A close
encounter of the first kind is the sighting
of a UFO. A close encounter of the
second kind is physical evidence of the
existence of a UFO. A close encounter of
the third kind is actual contact with the
occupants of a UFO.

As a UFO film, Case Encounters will
make believers out of the hardest core
skeptics. But the film is more than simply
an account ofa series ofclose encounters.
ft is a film about faith. about the

French UFO export Cloud. LsCombo Frscols T
rutlout
Dreyfuss) In I soon. trorn “Close Encount

..M.........“out”..."onaghifmzn;-;;;..._,

ertor and dlrector Steven Splelberg.

determination and endurance of the
human spirit.

Faith. however. does not emotionally
translate as strongly as it once did. So
Spielberg has wrapped it up in obsession.

The story Centers on actor Richard
Dreyfuss as a power company repairman
who witnesses UFO‘s during a massive
blackout near his home in lndiana. His
obsession is to know what he has
experienced; his search alienates his
family. costs him his job. brings him up
against a governmental cover-up and
allies him with a fellow believerfMelinda
Dillon). They eventually meet tip with a
French UFOlogy expert (Francois
Truffaut), for the final encounter withthe
extraterrestrials.

Dreyfuss is obsessed with an image he
cannot decipher, and it is his need to
know what has happened to him and his
need to discovor the meaning of this
image that forces him to the brink of

sanity. It is an obsession tliai Ill tl\
excesses, is difficult to identity \\Illl
Justification for what l)l‘C_\‘ltls\ yrtc‘s
through to put his questions to rest L'itntcs
late; or perhaps faithjusi doesn't go mct
well in the seventies.

Whatever the reason. l)rt:)lllss \Ct'llh .t
bit strained in the part oi
Roy Neary. whose close encouniets .tic
chronicled in the lilni. Sptclltctg
originally wrote the part for an older
man. then rewrote to suit l)lc)ltt\\. Ill
some of the more dramatic momcith of
Close Iz‘ncountert', it matters. loo otictt
Neary's motivations are suspect.

The film is most successful during ilte
last 25 minutes or so. when dialogue I\
kept to a minimum and Spielberg keeps
the audience in a constant state of ;I\\L'
he seems to be much more comfortable It]
a directorial role than in that of if
screenwriter. Evert as a whole. (low
lineman/cry is a total scnsttal assault; a 1 till

)quostlons Roy Nosry (Richlfd
m ot tho Thtrd Kind.”

tuna-tun...»

 

 

 

 

 

 

rue Believers

scalc attack on the senses and the
sensibilities.

Visually. the photographic effects steal
every scene in which they appear. A
eortibination of Doug lruinbull‘s
wi/ardry and Spielberg‘s talent for
action, drama lend an itma/ing degree of
credibility to the Ul‘O scenes.

Sotind also plays a major part in (low
lz'ticottntcrs. Original music \\ as
composed by John Williams of Star
Wars fame. and the completed film was a
sis track stereo Dolby cttcodcd 70mm
print.

Speilberg also makes rather amusing
use of popular music. As the lll"()‘s are
expected around it sharp bend on a
mountain road. several bystanders are
whistling "She'll be (‘omin ‘Rotind the
Mountainz" Johnny Mathis sings the line
"as yott comc iitlo view“ from "(homes
Arc" as the U FO‘s appear o\crthc house
of Melinda Dillon; iittd Spiclbcrg ctcn
manages to throw iii ati old favorite.
“When You Wish Upon ii Star."

Music is also important to the plot. as a
communications tool. a bridge between
civilizations, a universal language. Mitch
iitorc comfortirigly romantic than the
iiiathcmiitics and pi configurations that
inhabit most sf films.

A pleasant surprise is
lruffaut‘s performance as l,a('onibc. the
french expert on extraordinary
phenomena. l-lc possesses a blend of
innocent wortdcr and sophistication
befitting a man in such a littc of work. A
translator. and Truffaut's switching from
l‘rcnch to English are also used to
maximum effect.

LtiCombc was a P'dl'l Spielberg wrotc
especially for l‘i‘iif'faut. after seeing liiiti iii
his own films; he sought to inter-
nationali/e the UH) experience by
casting a Frenchman ill the role. aitd give
the film more of a global scopc as well.

(lute [Encounters has already been
ltaiidcd its “science fiction" label by
media preview reports. t.'\cll tltotigli the
film ciitphatically rejects the
classification. It is set in tlic pi'cscitt day.
all U F0 sightings depicted in llicfilnt are
drawn front actual reported occuranccs.
and, while the fitial encounter is pure
fantasy. "such an event coitld havctaken
place and we wouldn‘t even know about
it." said Spielberg iii a press conference
itftcr a preview of tltc ltltit in New York
('in last week. "it‘s going to bc scicnc
fiction to a great many people wltojiisi do
not believe lll lilc lll the universe. . i
always prcfci‘i'cd the term 'scicncc
spcculatiott‘ 

lltc plot is fairly stiatglulorwaiil. and
[lie film is not an intellectually lasing
experience when compared to the
formidable body of science liciioit
literature which precedes ll. However, as
it cinematic work, ("lose lz'ticottn/r-rs is
quite mature.

Ultimately. of course. it will be
compared to both Star Wars and 200]: A

l‘l'tlllCtllS

Space ()tlj'.i‘.ici': and ultimately. it is
comparable to neither. While it is
philosophically closely related to Zflfll.
('lmc Iz'nt'oitntt'rt deals with individuals
on a mttch more identifiable level; I he film
is :i catharsis. a chance for people to
experience what they‘ve always wanlcdto
cspcricnce.

Stttr ll'ttri. on the other hand. is no
more i lltlll it cosmic comic strip. a galactic
western. pure escapist ctttcrtaiiutient.
(low llllt‘llllllll‘l'l is more ambitious iii
the emotional impact it attempts to
crcittc. in that ll rciniiins totally lt)_’ill to
reality Spielberg ltits sttigcd his close
encounters with people, not highly
trained astronauts or captains of imperial
cruisers.

Douglas lrtimbtill. thc mart behind tltc
spectacular spccial visual effects.
attributed the difficulty of his task to this
insistence upon reality and helicvability.
lrtttiibtill. known for his work on 200/
and Silent Running. is pleased with the
results. "(lose Encounters points the way
for what pictures should he, . . Ithink it
really dclitci's iri every respect."

lhc special effects also protidcd
problems for the actors. All the on
location film was shot first. and the
optical effects were added later many
of the cast ltad seen no part ofthc film
itrtlil last week‘s preview. aitd had noidca
of what they had hccrt actiiigand reacting
to. “ We find to imagine almost cvcryshot.
and what it thing to ask an actor to do!"
said Melinda Dillon. “l sitw god. in my
imagination."

lhcrc is a strong religious quality to
(Your I-.'timitntcr.t; evcn tltc plot is sf raiglit
biblical allegory: a common man is
toticlicd by the spirit. his failli is tcstcd

Jillian Fuller (Melinda Dlllonjand her son Barry (Cory‘Gulfoy)ucoll from the
objects approachan the house.

throughout it long. arduous pilgrimageto
tltc top of the mountain. where he ascends
into hcavcn.

"(low Illll'UllIllt'I'A' has a spiritual
quality because that is reportedly how
people feel after they've had a close
encounter." said Spielberg. “i really
wanted to make this movie and I don‘t
want to use the word benigti as a real
meeting of the minds."

One of the most persistent rumours
surrounding the production of the film
was that Spielberg had made the decision
to materiali/c the beings front another
Cl\'ill/illltlll. Rather than leave

 

<1: I. .

extraterrestrials to the imagination, or
have them appear as energy forms, or
entities of light, Spielberg chose to give
his creatures humanoid form. “It was
dotie once in 200/. where the entity was
an energy. a concept. . . even though
this film is fantasy, for the most part, so
many of the reports around the world
expressed such a similarity that I chose
the humanoid form, rather than. say, a
banana with treads. There was’a time
when I planned to have more thanjust an
exchange between us and them, but even
with such fantastic subject matter there
are boundaries."

. >xu-an¢\:m_-4 wmmuuf: .. a

.n a; a...

. a.

 

 

(‘lttie lint-outiiers ol the 'Iln'rrl Kim!
was itot a cltcap liliii to rttakc. At a cost of
$19 million. with an additional $7-X
intllioti in advertising and publicity costs.
Spielberg will ltavc to conic close lo the
Still million mark before he begins to
t'calt/c any kind of profit.

l he World l'rcitiict'c l’rcss l'rcviciv was
almost ltS lavish and spcttaculiti as the
film itself. ()vci l5ff iiicitibci's ofthc press
WL‘lL’ flown in to New York City front rill
tttci New York State. tltc cast coast, the
iniifwcst and \L‘Vt'l‘itl foreign countries,
and were offered llCUllllltidilllOi'lS at the
Americana Hotel on 7th Avenue.

 

Columbia Pictures picked up the lltb for
plaiic late. the ltotel room for one or two
days, as well as room service charges and
all out-of-pocket expenses incurred on
this pressjunkct.

 

ALBANY  FRIES. ti.

 

Close Encounters Of
the Expensive Kind

l’hc film was shown to a packed house
at the Ziegfeld theatre on Fifty—fourth
street. one of the few theatres in fltc
itattoit able to handle the 70mm double D
Dolby encoded print.

finch of Columbia‘s guests received an
elaborate press kit coittaincd iii itn
iiitpi'cssivc vittyl folder. The kit
contained. tn addition to the standard
Sllllh, biographies and production notes. a
General lilcctric portable cassette
recorder arid a package of six color-coded
litpcs.

However. a good portion of the
recorders contained dead or dying
batteries, rendering them useless as far as
their function was concerned --
recording the next morning‘s press
conference in the Ainericana's Imperial
Ballroom 8. To make up for it, though.

there were more presents at the
breakfast/press conference: the small
cardboard box set at each place contained
a combinatioti paperweight and pen
holder. emblazoned with the Close
[Encounters promotional shot.

Most of the breakfast guests were
either too polite or too tiniid to question
this wholesale bribery, although someone
did ask the male inemhcr ofthc Michael
and Julia Phillips producing team what
other marketing strategies he had in
mind. f‘livcrything." l’hillips replied.
“’fherc'll be ('Iose lz'ncuunters toils, T-
shirts, dolls. . . even Close Encounters
perfume.“

And how can you tell if someone is
wearing Close Encounters perfume?

"That," injected Dr. Hynek, “would;

:
45
._::I'.

..~vc. . an» .

a”.

 

 

require a close enfouriserot' the best M!
o

 

