 

 

 

 

  
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
   
   

 

 

 

 

 

 ;-tSsues . of Importance

W

by John Shurky
and Debby Lynn
and Meg MeAneny

Central Council. in an increased effort to
inform everyone of Student Association
activities. is presenting the tirst installment of
it weekly column dealing with
issues of interest and importance
to SUN YA students. Altltough most weeks we
will concentrate on otity otte ortwo topics. we
tell tltat we should begiit with it run down on
all important issues.

l'irstly. WCDlt. lorlncrly WSllA. is linatly

goirtg PM. Central Council approved a
M7.th lottn tor studio construction and
equipment. It all goes according to schedule.
construction should begin itt several weeks
and tltey will be on tile air vvtteit we return in
January.

llte possible CD I A trike overisa topic tltat
concerns everyone on campus. At prescitt
strategy is beiitg ptatnted to sltow student
support for the bits drivers arid overwhelming
disapproval at (‘I it A. Mertttwliile.ttie CD l A
bits cotlrmittee is revising the most reccrtt
tentative cotttract tll tigltt of new proposals
brought up at the opctt hearing.

l’ertding Monday‘s release ol the legal
Services task l‘iil‘ce Report. lull tiiitc lawyer's
“Ill be available to students lor all legal
tttuttcts. this service was available on a very
hunted basis It) tlte past. lwit was itiit well
ptthllCI/L'd.

 

Research is now being done to explore
alternatives to our expensive and inadequate
Women's Health Care. birth control. and
general health care center. Vicc~Preiiidcnt
Kathy Baron arid other dedicated people are
visiting State schools to observe their health
tacilities. We hope to come up with a viable
alternative service.

“It: housing contract is currently being
considered for revisions. The newly formed
Student Services Committee. chaired by
Debby Lyon. is working on tt list of
recommendations to be preseittcd to
Residence by Nov. 7.

the fall ctcctiotis tor the remaining Central
Council aitd Senate seats will begiit today.
this is the lirst ctectiotr in which voting
machines will be used. lltcyarc being used on
art cxperitnental basis on Stitte Quad itnd iii
the Campus Center.

the long awaited Stipend Policy. tltc
product ot many hours of work tiltd
arguments. has hardly been released by the
Internal Attrttrs Committee. It will beforntally

submitted to Central Coucit for a vote on
Wednesday.

til the near ttittlrc a buttetiti board will be

ptit itp by tltc Campus Center information

desk with the names titid photographs of all ,

(’otliicit representatives and their voting and
atteitdattce records. We feel that it is
itilpottaiit lor students to know who their
representatives are aitd it and how tltcy are
representing tltctti.

Bills Voted On This Week

t-etttinist Altiitnec- hilltl appropriation Iol
trips ltl contctcilcc. Passed

Cheerleader» 571.50 appropriation for
Spectator buses to Albany-Cortland l‘ootball
game It), IS

An Open Letter to the Bio Department

Dear Distinguished members ol the locally:
we hope you will look tip loan your halt-
eolnplcted pap-:rs on the bio energetics ol
Australian buggers long enough to hear ottr
plaintive cry Ilor help. As tiear and dear as Iltc
lttology department istil our hearts. we must.
because ol our sense iil responsibility. state
that it does iiideud have its limits. We are
protesttitg yotii' ridiculous systcin ot needing
otit attd "curving" otrt arid ottter wise
disposing ot dcleiiselcss trcsltmett who have
hopes tor ilvedteat school.
this is the area that is iitost tender in the
heart ot the average lilo major. ()ncc ttpott it
note. when we still believed Ill justice and
democracy. we strolled lttto your classes
bright-eyed attd bush-tailed. ti 'rarin' to go.
\ow vie are reduced to helpless blobs ot tlcsh
hanging iibovc otir textbooks, UIIL' gets so
wrapped tip iii computing standard det itititiits
attd / scores that one loses the teetiiiglor what
one ltas learned. Now it has become apparent
tttat ottly a select tew are destined tor success.
tattle. and backs tililr/it'iI/r'oii is tltc word ot
the hour.
What dttlctence. yott risk. istltet'c between a
22 35 arid a 0.1 per ccnt'.’ llterc is a big
diller'cncc. Wltcn one lollowstheturtis ol the
curve. one leiit‘ns tolite ttt tear ol cut-oil lines.
lltc standards dcitotc the tlitlerencc between
med school and grad school. between success
liiid failure. Defenselcss t'reshiuen are
systematically reduced troiti glamorous lien
Cliseys to cretinouv‘ t'orins doomed to study
ilte nocturnal habits of tiast Africuti itnioebti
tor the rest of their lite spurts.

\H Dtt- “7.000 loalt lor construction attd
equlprttcitt Passed l5-tl-l

Pep Band- line changes decrease instruments
>250. increase accessories $250.

"AM Radio ('lub- 'l'ttbled

(the wonder it this does not strike it nerve
lot solitc til you. who perhaps were itidccd
tr iisii'atcit otit ill a carcerol sawing bottes tittd
ittto your current prolcsstoit. We do ttot doitbt
your knowledge now. but what kind of
doctors would have yott madc‘.’ (iood oncs'.’
.lttst like its.)

Yoti risk it we. as students. leel that the
biology dcpartrltcttt is worth its weight itt
pctItytltocyclitpcnlaittiphcnatitlti‘ette. Of
course we do; that's \tlt_\‘ we‘re complaining.
toni s is a well-rounded program that oflers so
much to so many. II this is so. why iriust
competition be forced to its tittiiost het'c'.’ The
average Stvxt A student knocks hititselt oitt
studying. sweating and sabotaging his peers'
labs. tlittikttig. "Ull no! l have to pass this oite
test it I'm to get into med school! What out i to
lto'.'"lloncstly now. gctitleltleii (arid tttdies). is
this anyway to promote a heatttw interest iii
htoliigy'.’ .

Arid alter all this. he receives for his
dedicated cltort it big tttt (' llts counterpart tit
riltitost every other seltoot. troitt .‘iullolk
(ouniy (.t'. to Rochester and Syracuse.
receives A's lot less work. less clloi‘l. and
above all less lt‘tlhlttltd Ilte textbook Cornell
bio mirrors use is lllt.‘ book StIVYA non—bio
iittilois use iit till.) When itied (dental. vet.
optontetrie) school time rolls arotiitd. the guy
tl otii the welt-know a school gets in because he
got art undeserved A ll'ttlll a school witlt iiu
otcriitttated reputation wltile ttte student from
the third toughest setiool III New York State
nitti no reputation gets piit on tt waiting list

(it he's lucky) or stuck with it useless

 

 



 

 

teIerS ' comment

 

 

 

 

budget '
reply
To the Editor:

I would like to respond to an editorial
entitled “Budgeting the Budget Request" in
the Sept. 30 issue of the ASP.

You expressed concern thiit students do not

have access to the information contained in
the campus budget request. As it is not our
ititent to conceal the contents ofthe budget or
to restrict the budget from review by the

arid will be augmented if necessary.

University community. I have provided the
Library with two copies ol'thc l978-79 Final
lludgct Request for SUNY-Albitny. These will
be available in the Special Collections Area.

llterc seems ill be some misunderstanding
regarding your other areii of coitccrn. You

 

state in the article: “ l'he camptts‘ tinitl budget
request colitatns not just statistics and figures.
btit is one at the low ways itr which a student
can evaluate the administration‘s goals. It
oittlittes which programs are scheduled to be
ctit. which departments will lose faculty in
order to strengthen others.“ This is ttot exactly
true. lttcludcd with the copies of tire budget
request submitted to SUNY and to Dot! were
the .liin I977 copies of the Campus Mission
Statement (Mission. Programs arid Priorities
tor Action). We explained iii the letter
transmitting the budgets that the Mission
Statement. representing the latest planning
document tor Albany. stioutd be used parallel
to tile budget rcqitcst since it provides the
programmatic context tor what is coittaiticd iii
the reqticst.

the real budget decisions. from a
programmatic viewpoint. to recent years ltave
been determined tltrough various planning
devices including tttc Campus Mission
Statement (July I977) the Presidential t‘ask
t'ot'ce on Priorities and Resourccstcttrly I976)
and the Select Committee on Academic
Program l’rioi'ittcs (cttrty l‘)75). It is ill tttcse
documents where it is determined which
programs vvitl be ctit and which stated iiitbcsc
documents atid they sttottld be consulted it
anyone wishes to examine the dccisiotts to
which you relcr.

 

ll..\.

calculus. etc.) do we kttow tlttiit t be other guy?
twice as ilttlclr. See how terrific yoti guys are?
Now let the tried schools know it
those A‘s!

How much more biology (chemistry.

spit out

Matty ol tltose who have truly worked tor

    
  
 
 
 
   

and craved lot this prolcssron (often tor
tilclceuary reasons) lose the coveted spot to
tile one who is not more intelligent. who
knows more. btit who is more clc\er. who
knows how to take a test tour hours alter
everyone else to get an edge. More. and more
intelligent. stttdcttts are dcservingol the kcyto
success.

listen. \vc'i'e brilliant! (We atone ktiow
setelal students who are already outstanding
ill the tictd ot gy ticeotogy.) Weareall perfectly
corrtpeietit. American medical schools are tttc
best Ill the world why deny its the
opportunity to lietp mankind - to better tltc
poor and starving inasscs'.’ take care of your
tuture cttildrcti. your agtiig parelrts’h'tbe
student who is torced to take
'gtit' courses to get the grades must stiller, its
tits patients later must. tlirottglt useless
programs because you discouraged biiit so.

hi this the st tidetit your want to deliver your
hl‘ttlld-llcwblllllcs. to claim he hits tound the
cure tor your terminal cancer the student
who must cop ottt. iiitd chokes when it comes
down to heavy vvork'.‘ the student who cuts
corners to sittisty his ego ititd his pushy
parents”! ‘lbis is a doctor? ()y v'eight

 

 

\

I invite you to scrutinize the budget request
now available in the library. Please review it
and the Campus Mission Statement as well.l
believe most of your questions can be
answered in these documents. I repeat my
offer made to Mr. Hodges ot‘ the ASI’oufr
during our recent interview. I am Williugund
able to meet with the ASP editorial stall to
respond to questions regarding the lttttlgct
request. I am likewise anxious to clarify
misunderstandings about the bttdgct attd it.
provide assistance if t can.

Harold C. llt'ttik
Budget ()t'ficetuS I 7 \‘YA

past
performance

'Io the l-lditor:

l‘d liketo address this letter ol cornplanliio
the CD'IA. who would like to take over the
SUN YA bus service in return tor |tttlttllsctl
“equivalent service". arid to the St \t .\
authorities that contemplate allowing lllL'ttt to
do so.

It _scetns to ttic that any Judgement at
('D t A's ability to provide eqtrivalcnt \y't\tt't'
itt llte future should be based upon a It'\tL‘\\ tll
present pcrlormancc. l‘ot' c\.itttplc. tltc
CDIA now rtins otir Stuyvesant |'|.l/.i ltlls
service. On weekdays. tttc bus leaves thct Ily'lL'

at 0:30 pm. ittaklng L'ttttlttttltttts iiins. llttllltls
lust rtitt lt‘oin Stuyvesant t'la/a totltet |l\l\'.ll
v):t5 p.ut.

last lhttrsday. my I'tltltlltllttlctttttl t l|.ltllllt'
Iiustaiingexpertenceol ntissittgtlic‘) litiiix II
was dottbty Iriistrating. because \\L' um- on
time tor it. It had Iclt ill 9:“) pm. .i lu|| Irw-
tttriiutes early. this departure was loath .tllt‘t
my suitcmatc (already on tile hiisi ll.ttl
tttlorincd the driver that he was lt.‘.t\lll)lt'.|ll\.
and that a couple ol students would l‘t'lllt‘lv' III
a minute. the bits driver. ignoring llt't. \ltltl
tllc doors arid lclt. leaving tts stitliidcil

it this is art example ol ltovv tltc ('l )| Mott
be responsive to studettts‘s needs. .llltl will
provide equivalent servtcc. t lllttltk “L nan
aritplc justittcatiotl tor opposing the t DI \
Itlkcovct'. I also sincerely lttipc St \\ \'~
authorities wtll vicw CDIA's claims ol
"cquunlent service" tIt this light.

ltic CDIA takeover is siilttctlliug lli.it lt.i~
never been ill the best interest ot tltc students.
and l. tor one. do not waiit to be Sltl‘lL‘ClL‘tl ltl
poorer bits service. solely because (‘I )l \h til
debt. and tire Divrsiott ot tltc lltritget est-its
titidttc ittlluettce on SUN YA‘s adirllriisiiaiioil
lltipc K “attribute

More

by Neil It. Htttterklce

With the lltikkc reverse discr‘tttitnatioil i-N‘
pending before the Supreme Court. I lit"
reminded of a speech 1 ttcard last year about
another type ol discr'iitiritattoit
Discrimination agaiitst the dead. or Derr-Mll
Atticrtcans as they prclct' to be called. Iv \t‘l'“
ptctclatit in today's society. Although the
speech bt‘ietly touched thcsubicct, | wotlld his
to .lctve turtltcr into ll.

t'or hundreds ol years. arid I think it'\
tottgcr. the rights iil Deceased Amer rcans lllHL‘
bcctv callousl) overlooked by the lt\ttit.'\k'll‘”
ot our American society. t-ven out ltlttlltllllll
lathers lttld nothing to say on lltt.‘ idea Ill dctiil
rights. Nowhere does otlr Constitution \-|,\
tllttt the rights til the dead shall ttttl l"
intrlitged upon.

(the ol the tltorc blatant csantl‘lL" "'
discrnvtiniition against them occurs with dis
admission til Deceased Americans tllltl
ittedical schools for the explicit purpose at
ttittilling the required corpse quota. his it“”"
obvious that Deceased Americans ittv’
titcrreprcsentcd us corpses in medical school
In titct the overwhelming majority of cattle"

 

 

 

'ﬁ

 
   

 

GOOD MORNtNG, LADIES
AND GENTLEMeN...

TODAYS Lecture DEALS wrrii
annuals UNEMPLOYEQ on

THE MGHTO' TttE "ERICA" 80M.

 

 

 

7 y 

 

 

 

 

 

WHtCH REMINDS "5 Of Ml
INCIDENT THAT OCCURRED

A 30” TOLD NE HE MADN'T MD A
BITE IN THREE DAYS... SOI BlT

RECENTLY. I was WAthch
DOWN CENTRAL avenue AND...

HtM HA «A! WAIT! Get This!
I WALK into/t Psvu-rwitlsf's
Ofﬁce mo...

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Qlltl't'll or 't'ttt: Dav

 Uri/t'crivi'lt' ii/ loit'u l’rl'viilcril it"illtlr‘i/ Bord] has lJt‘L‘It here over 2fl4l‘t'lll'x mtrl
Milt, Iliu/ llt‘ would like to stay.

lltit\erstty‘ tll Iowa l’ttbltctty Director Thomas Topin on
Boyd‘s withdrawal Irom the SthY chancellor search.

 

 

 

honor
society

To the Editor:

Signltur laitdis is the SttNiA acadcilnc
ltoiioi society dating back to Will. Although
the oi'gatn/atiou has been tltlt'lltillll recently.
an attempt is being made to l'cl’lltlll/L' ll.
Sigiiutn latrdis is itoi art "elite" club htit .iit
orgritti/ation dcvoictl to ltlllll.‘l‘|ltg and
acknowledging tlcadcitne e\cc|lciice on this
campus throttgh tltc awarding of scholarships
iirtd sponsoring ol various Iunctiolts.

’\L't'tl|lll|ll_' til titll‘ constitution. “In March iil
cacti year. lltetttp4‘, ol theJttnior ctttssshall be
elected to ilienthct‘slttp. provided that they
have corttpletcd ﬁll credits at this ttiiitcrsttv.
attd that they have a ciriiittttittvcaverage til at
least 5.5.. In the trail til year. an
additional 4% ot the Senior class is to be
inducted. brriigrngttie total number ol iitctitbct
to the top lit, in the Senior yeat. Seniors
eligible till l.ill inductions wil' be contacted
\\|lll||t the nest Il'\\ weeks. We itopetliat they
\vtll respond tllllllll:ll|\t.‘l_\ arid trike art acti\e

with

role In the otgatii/ittton.

Stgtttiitt | tittdis (iii\critrtig ( ‘itttticll

Power to the Dead

are dead. Deceased Americans are tired oi
being treated asJust another pretty corpse.

Admission into medical school is not tltc
only area in which the dead are repeatedly
discriminated against. When wasthc last tirtte
that a dead pcrstitt has been allowed to buy a
home in Beverly llilts‘! How about tit your
licigltborttood arcthcre any DA's next door
to you? All too (their the dead iirelorced to live
separately trom society ltl special areas called
cemeteries. Now. ldon‘t knowabout anyone
else. but a cemetery is not my idea of tltc
American Dream.

()ne of the most lrcqucut acts til
discrimination has occurred in the area of jobs.
Sure. there are many jobs currently held by
detidheads. .hut thttt is just token
representation. the probtciti is that once a
person becomes a Deceased American. many
people feel that lie ciitt rto longer stand tip to
the job. However the dead luivc made ntany
contributions to society that have been
overlooked. For example: the dead have
Wlt‘d: they have ran for political office: and
sometimes they have been elected.

Wlicr'ctis Deceased Americans till a vital
clog iti Antcrtcathcy are still denied their basic
human rtgltts. the right to tree speech has not
oltcn been accorded to the dead. When was
the last time you tteurd a dead person spcak'!

Deceased Americans have also been dcrticd
the light to marry one another. It is even
harder for thetit to tnarty someone who is still
living. Arid just try to get a divorce if you're
dead: the oltlcttits won‘t evcti talk to you.

So you see lite isn't easy tor tltc Deceased
American. ltowevci In recent ittotiths it has
been improving. Sliirtderous phrases such as;
"dead as it doorknob." arid “boy. wttttt a
dctldhcttd." are slowly being phased out ot the
l iigltsh lttitgtitlgc.

Yes. things are looking up lor the dead.
President Millard l'llltlltlt’L‘ rccetttty declared
that next ttiotitlr vvill serve as “National
Deceased Americans Month." All over the
.‘ttttttlt'y‘ titnrous Deceased Americans of the
past will be protrioting the riglitstor rites) of
the dead they even have a new slogtttt which
Will be displiiycd on millions of bumber
stickers starting next month. It reads: “Honk.
it you're dcud.‘

 

 

   

Pertect Policy Analysis

Central Council will have trouble with any stipend policy it chooses to
support. because of the basic philosophical disagreement between those
receiving and those appropriating the money.

Members of student groups are on the receiving end, and they see
stipends as an expression of thanks — from the University in general and
Student Association in particular. Students doing group work
traditionatt y receive little credit and much blame, and their jobs, while
possibly ed ucational in some manner, are rarely gratifying in any sense
of the word.

Central Council. however. seems to view the stipend as an alternative
to working and -arning money in the real world. The value ofa stipend.
iii their eyes. is monetary rather than symbolic —— perhaps because there
is more for the ego in giving handouts than saying thanks.

It is easier for students in SA groups to see the symbolic side of the
stipend issue. for they are convinced that their work is worth two or
three times the actual amount ofthe stipend. Stipends will always be too
small: the important part is that they are there at all.

So naturally. tempers ttavc tlarcd when past Councils have arbitrarily
cut ttic stipcttd lines of certain groups. There will always be someone to
do the job for free. but that‘s not the point. A thank—you is a difficult
concept to reduce to adottar amount. And it is even more difficult to put
a quantitative value on the rewarding/ non—rewardingaspects oft hcjob.

Setting up specific criteria for determining stipends is potentially a
tnorc egalitarian rnctltod . btit Council must resist the temptation to
treat each case as an individual request. The ultimate test ofany stipend
policy will be the batattcc of payments it creates; the situation asa whole
must be givctt careful consideration. Otherwise. the complaints of
previous years will be back.

A less obvious problem isthat Central Council itself is not a stipcnded
group. Which may be fine in avoiding the more obvious conflicts of
ititcrcst. But there are other factors which are just as troublesome. A
Couticil member putting in time and receiving no material
compensation to speak of may find it difficult tojustify handing over
$250 each sclncstcr to another student who is logging in what may
appear to be all equal amount of time.

there‘s no real solution; perhaps Council members should receive
stipends too. But in any case. stipends are necessary. as is it stipctto'
policy. Arid vvttitc formulating this policy. Central Council should have
a little more respect for the symbolism of tltc gift.

 

«. Jinn-ma, .-

     
 

ALBANY
STUDEN t
PRESS

.‘sl'l \t t Kanoto Iii/iriir-iii-(‘Iii'irl
.IttrsAlllMs Illinois Aiming/In.r lzt/fltll'
that till 'I tiottMArs thin/rim Mil/roger

.IIANNI .lAy‘ l'riuliaii'on ilhllltlﬂl’l‘

. , . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . ,. .|IiiiM\sM\tttitto
. ..MAI int-w ('oy. .ltt.t. ttsitiai.

Astiy UNIl:lt\\‘ 'lt

. . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Enltlt: littlliltkt\\
.Asiiv l‘tltl;\'ltiNl.. th’tl ts't-t.ti.sois

. , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , .Jos I.yt~\vittt

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. littiMs (‘Atiitt

.\t\\\lllll0lt  . .
AssottAtt rstws iiittous

   

Si'tiu ts ittttntt . . . . . . . . . . . .. .
Asstit Mn st-iiuts itit tons , ..
l‘JlllltltlAl l’lttil ttiittitt

 

Ativitltisirsi MAt\I\t.IIt .
Slit ts tinsolsrstt .

 

Mir/l tll‘llt‘l'.\.' Christine ltcllltti.
Ken Ktiit/. M..l. Merttiitott.

Aron Smith

tl' \ltirtugt'ri: Stuart Start. ttlctt
Matsden

I‘ll-t'ii'tt: lletettc lanuoi

[ill/rill: Laurie (iltisei

/.iiloln. Kelly Kita

Ill/ling. Debby Ycltrt

I‘lrlrilll uni/lager: tzltcu l-ttie

(lilnt/lt't/A.‘ David l'htlltps

llt‘iti/ Illll.\l. .lody Wilttct

Valeitc Moltnnro. Mike l’critlinau.

. . Mist AltttAN. lklt‘llllt Ml:ltl\t|:l.§Il-.t\

( our/union): l'iit Mctrlynu. Amy
Soitis

l/iiieui'. Sandy Robinson

I‘irliliiriion: Dalila ttclt-Aluath.
Ilene l'lt'tltill. t;vatt l'ortitisky.
Karen ltatnilton. Davc Kttplow.
Debbie Kopl. Lynn l.tltllt.'l'.
Laurie |.csko. .lclt l.cvtttttt.
|.oialtic liberatorc. Denise
Mason. Steve Mauer. Attty
Phillips. Kathy Qucaly. Meg
ttolttud. Judy Russell. Steph-
anie Sherman. .liiau Silverblatt.
Stephanie Starer. Laurie Stttdwctl

ESTABLISHED I916

Th0 A/hllllvl' .S‘tlrtlcnl Press l.t published every Tuesday and Friday during the rchoal year by Illi-
Albany Slur/en! Prior Corporation, tlll int/clavicle!" nul-for-pm‘lii organization. Edi/uriu
[iii/itir' l'.v dt‘ll’rlttlllt‘tl by ﬁle Edi/or-ln-(‘ltlif/L mill is .v'uliii'rl Io review by the Matthew] Stuff
Malling Ill]t./I't'.\‘.\'.’ Allmrri' Smilt'nl Hera, CC .329, I400 Washington Ava, Albany, NY [2222.

 

 

 

 

0
AleN)’ srudtsrrr pness CORPORATION
AID 0F DIIICTOIS
Statutes DZINANKA 0 Srtructi RAGGIO 0 DANIEL Gstuas

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

