. ids-.4“.- _....a , A. -w- “swam-Wagon,

 «ta-saw.»wwwwaux...» “w ,i. . ,. y

i

h:
D

 

A$ e“ affair

F rye Beats

 men &. woment
this week only!

 

Young Shoes

159 Central Ave.
(bet. Robin & Lexington)

Lay-Away Now

A small deposit

will hold your choice
while the selection

is best!

 

 

Albany, NY.

offer expires Sat. Dec. 10, 1977
(open daily 10-9 Sat. 10-6)

 

 

Largest selection of Frye Boots in NY. Statqt

 

 

Amy Is fourteen. feels isolated and confused. has run
away once more from home...MigueI, a truant feels he
has to light to make his mark in life... Mrs. Wilson. a
single parent of three small children. feels she has no
one she can turn to...

If you feel called to live out your Christian vocation
by helping troubled teenagers and families to develop a
sense of self-worth. to believe that they are lovable and
can become creative members of society—why not write
to us. THE SISTERS OF THE GOOD SHEPHERD. a
world-wide community of religious women and find out
the many ways you can serve in social services. special
education and related fields. With us. you will go in
search of the lost. the hurt, the confused. the unloved—
and the unloving.

If you would like more information about THE
GOOD SHEPHERD SISTEHS' apostolate of caring.
simply fill out the coupon.

 

Sister Ellen Kelly. Pisa/Vocation Director

SISTERS OF THE GOOD SHEPHERD

120 West 60 Street

New York. New York 10023

Please send me more information about your international
community of SISTERS OF THE GOOD SHEPHERD
NAME v

ADDRESS _

crrv

COLLEGE

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Oonipiltlomuits' ‘

continued from page one

in ignoring proper procedures." She
also charges that Schmidt “knew or
should have known“ of the predating
of the letter following the initial
department meeting.

Leibowitz also asserts that
Szoverffy falsiﬁed the document
register of her tenure ﬁle to conceal
the predating. and that all the third-
party defendants knew or should
have known about this. _

Two suits have also been found by
Leibowitz against SUNY. the Board
of Trustees. Boyer and SUNYA. The
first suit also includes both Benezet
and Fields, and the second Fields.
The suits charge a violation of Arti-
clc 78 of the civil code which guards
against “arbitrary and capricious
dismissal from employment." In
both cases State Suprme Court
Justices have denied the defendant‘s
claim of lack of jurisdiction.

A suit has also been ﬁled by
Leibowitz against former Com-
parative Literature Prof. Joseph
Strelka. In the suit she charges.
among other things, that Strelka
took responsibility for obtaining two
evaluators was a candidate for the
position of department chairman.
She also claims that Strelka lied
about her book by saying “it does
not take an outstanding mind in our
ﬁeld to see the totally inadequate
quality of Mrs. Leibowitz‘ book."
She says this “lic” may have caused
the loss of her tenure.

Lcihowill was denied tenure at
every rcvicw level. and denied again
when given another review.

it is this tcnurc casc, and the litiga-
tion revolving, around it which
l'ormcr Comparative Litcraturc
Prof. H. Berkley Peabody feels carts—
cd the ultimate cutting ol'tlicdcpart-
mcnt by Fields in I976. The depart-
ntcnt had been praised by Bciicret‘s
Sclcct Committee the year before the
Task Force on Priorities and
Resources recommended to rctrcrtch
it. In the Select Committcc‘s rcport.
it stated: “the possibility of
strengthening the Comparative
Literature Dcpartmcnt and
programs should he an important
consideration in the future planning
of several other Humanities Depart-
mcnt."

Peabody claims that thc dcptirt-
incnt was cut to Covcr up the wliolc
Lcibowitr tenure case. and what he
calls the “administrativc in-
eompctcncc" involved in If.

Stipends

('Unlffiilt‘tll/Ifllll page one

Leaders of major campus service
organizations have bccn without
stipends sittcc thcn.

l'orcli Editor Sam 'l'erilli. in
cliargc til putting out the SUNYA
yearbook. said he was originally un-
der the impression that stipends
would hc dccidcd tipori by
Iliaiiksgn mg.

"It's been ill! economic problem of
sorts. biit also art aggt'atation.
waiting around for this thing to he
testified." i'ci'illi Silld.

NEWS BRIEFS

Meany Blasts Carter's First Year

LOS ANGELES (AP) President Carter‘s ﬁrst year in office drcw mixed
reviews Monday from George Meany. who told the AFL-(‘lo the
administration's pluses .tre clouded by high unemployment and continqu
slack in the economy. The AFL-CIO president chargedthat “realistic action“
to deal with those problems is stymied by an apparent shift of priorities ltwgy
from jobs—“the president'sNo. I campaign issue“—in an effort to plunge
conservatives concerned with balancing the budget. Forthe first time. Mcany
also urged Carter not to reappoint Federal Reserve Board Chairman Arthur
F. Burns. who he said was “the first barrier to restoring economic health to

America."

Gas Problems Bottle Energy Package

WASHINGTON (AP) Congressional energy conferees failed to hrcrik mi
impasse on natural gas pricing Monday. and Senate negotiators hcgiin
dichSsing abandonment of a complete energy package for this ycar. Von-t
taken by the conferecs showed they wore as divided over wlicthcr to
deregulate natural gas prices as they were when the conference coiiimittcc
began meeting nearly two months ago. Although a majority of House
negotiators voted to support President Carter's proposal to kccp pilCL‘
controls on natural gas. Senate conferees remained deadlocked between the
administration plan and a rival Senate-passed bill to deregulatc gas,

Egypt Breaks Diplomatic Ties

CAIRO (AP) Egypt broke diplomatic relations with Syria. Libya. .'\|)_'L’lltl
and South Yemen on Monday in retaliation for their decision to loriii 2|
"resistance and confrontation front" against President Anwar Sadrit‘s [‘lL‘ilL‘L'
initiatives with lsracl. The move produced the most serious political ditmori
in the Arab world in years. The Egyptian Foreign Ministry stininioiit-d ilit-
diplomatic envoys of the fotir nations and gave them 24 hours to Iciiic rhi-
country. Egypt's Middle East News Agcncy reported. It said I gypltdn
diplomatic officials in the four countries wcrc instructcd to l'Cllll‘ll innit.-
"immediately."

Coal Union Vows to ‘Stick It Out’

WASHINGTON(AP) Unilcd Mine Workers Prcsidcnt Arnold Milli-i ~.iiil
Monday that a coitl strike would inflict "hardships and human tragi-tli' bin
voch that his union members would “stick it out until we “Ill it." ll;irg.tiir.i.u
contitiucd on a new contract as the midnight Monday strikc dcudliiic tit-.iit-il
but Millcr announced plans to leave for West Virginia. where liltllimtllilx oi
miners live. He said he would rcturti to talks with the Billlllliltilh t I‘Ii
Operators Association whcncvcr thcrc were signs of real progrcst illtill\l|\
negotiator Joscplt P. Brennan said he would avoid “public poxtuiinp” .tx
talks continued. “Obviously in a strikc situation things iirc lllllt‘il llittlL
difficult."

Vietnam Drug Linked to Cancer

WASHINGTON (AP) A drug takcn daily by tens ol’tliousiiiids ot .-\Illt.'l it .rn
troops in Vietnam as part of a medical experiment has been found to toilu
cancer in male rats in tests by the National Cancer Institute. llit- ding
dapsonc. is the principal treatment for the estimated l2 iiiillioii iL'PL‘H
throughout the world. including 2.800 iii tlic Unitcd States. lint '\Illi\
doctors tcstcd it on (ils in South Vietnam as a prcvcntivc tiicdicinc lot .i
severe form of malaria that was resistant to standard malaria pills. ‘\ icpoi!
publishcd Monday ofthe institutc'slithoratory studies in which rats and lllltt’
were fed ditpsonc in largc doses showed the drug caused cancer of mu \[litt'll
and the lining of thc iibdtimcn in mnlc rats.

NATO Neutron Bomb Pact Planned

BRUSSELS. Belgium (AP) U.S. Dcfcnsc Secretary Harold lliottir mid
Monday it decision by the North Atlzintiiic 'l'rcaty ()rgiini/niioii on
dcployrncnt of the controversial neutron bomb“niiiy not be too far oil ’ ll.
told rcportcrs the decision was not ixpcctcd at the NA l0 KfCit'lINL' tin. Is
tnccting starting Iucsdtty btit added: “It's ti question that I think dtu '-
considcrittion in length. It's been getting that and ill sonic point \tt-‘it- run
for a decision." The wcitpon. designed to kill citcttiy litltlfh with Il..i»
radiation whilc causing relatively liltlc destruction, has bccn tiL‘llttlllii' d
critics who fear a new round in thc arms; race

Communist Polish Leader Visits Vatican

VATICAN CITY lAP) Pope Paul VI and Edward Uicrck. lllc illxl I‘» i»

Communist Party chief to visit it popc, pledged tlicinsclics fillllxti.l\ ‘

church-state cooperation in fictivin Roman Catholic Poland and a trillilitt it
pursuit of world pcacc. “We are ccrtaiii that we can assure you iod.it ih.it tit

Chum“ l5 Wildl’ [0 Offer to the Polish society a positivc contribution." f

Pope said in a formal spccchduringliis till-minute iiiccting Wll Ii (iicrck " | t.
Catholic church docs not tlsil privilcdgcs. btit only the right to ht- llNL'“ Hui
the possibility of carrying out without hindriincc the functions \\illt'i| .m
proper to it . . . " tlic pontiff said.

Vorster To Continue White Supremacy
JOHANNESHURG. South Afrch (AP) Prime Minister John VWW'
lhursday hailed his record-breaking election victory its a resounding
endorsement ofhis white-power policies and rejection offorcign "meddling"
in South African affairs. The leader of the liberal opposition warnctl “I -t
"hardening of race attitudes." Vorstcr said "l'm dccply thankful, \ct.‘ “ "
deeply thankful. that this has happened." as clcction results indicated that
white voters had answered his summons to rally heliintl his government at it
limeits apartheid policies are coming under increasing lirc abroad.

DECEMBER 6. 1977

Vandals Clean cut Laundry Room

by Charles-Bell

Vandals broke into State and
Colonial Quad washing machines
and ripped-off $300 in change caus-
ing $2,200 worth of damage, accor-
ding to UAS General Manager E.
Norbert Zahm.

UAS is offering a SIM) reward for
information leading tti the arrest of
tlic vandals.

Fourteen machines were van-
dalized in four separate incidents on
Colonial and State Quads duringthe
week prior to 'l'hanksgiving recess.

University Police Investigator

Jack Ruth said that the ﬁrst three in-
cidents occurred in Cooper.
Steinmetz, and Johnson Halls.
’l‘hcse incidents. saidRuth. led to the
robbing of nine other machines in
the basement of the Colonial Quad
tower.

“The cost of the damage on the
machines is greater than the amount
of change stolen from them.“ said
Zaltni. UAS contracts with B and (i
Distributors for the washing
machine service.

Accorditig to Zalini. B and Cr Dis-
tributors is repairing and replacing

Poli Sci Dept Chooses
Tarlton Acting Chairman

by Thomas Martello

Associate Prof. (‘harlcs l'arlton
has been chosen as Acting Chairman
of the Political Science department
for tlic Spring ‘78 semester. l'tirlton
will tttkc ovcr for Political Science
Chairman Carlos Astii. who will bc
on sabbatical working on it Research
l'cllowsliip at Harvard.

liti'lton was nominated for the
position by (irnduatc School of
Public Affairs Dciin Orvillc Poland.
l he Political Scrcticc Department is
tiiidcr tlic :itispiccs of thc GSPA.
Poland made a recommendation to
Vice l’rcsidcnt for Academic Affairs
Dittid Martin. who as approved it.

Poliitid said that tltc nomination
of liarltoii came after hc consullcd
the faculty.

“l intcrticwcd :ill ritcinhcrs of the
department individually." said
Poland. "I asked thcm who Ihcy
prclcrrcd. and who tlicy did rtot
want: getting it l'ccling of what can-
didates wcrc not acceptable. l'hcn I
thought it through and found
someone I feel that the dcparttttcnt
and I could work with,“

According to Astil. larlltiit wtll
wi'ic its Acting Chairman for llic
duration of his sabbatical. which
crids ni \tigust.

"llc will carry oitt till of thc
Icapolhlfﬂillltﬁh til chairman and
dcalitig with 22 full tiiiic Incully
mcnibcrs." stiid Astil.

larlton has taught at SUNYA
sincc I968. He said that he will teach
onc coursc ncxt scmcslcr.

Ilic Political Scicttcc Department
is in the midst of" it doctoral review
from tltc State Education Depart—

ment. According to Astiz. SED on-
sitc visitors came to the campus in
October and the department is
waiting for a draft of their report.

“Wc'rc expecting the report any
day now." said Astiz.

“It usually takcs a month for this
to come out." said Poland. “It's been
over two months now."

Poland said that after the report is
submitted by thc search team. the
next stcp will be a response from the
department to any factual errors.

Asti/ said that it was hard to say
when the final results of the SED
rcvrcw will be announced and added
that he “intends to be available“ for
any comment about the department
during the rest ofthe review process.

the machines. He would not estimate
when full service would be restored.
but said. “Nobody will have to be
without washers and dryers for a
long period of time."

“It's not just a matter of replacing
a coin box." said Zahm. “They were
cutting whole sides right out of the
machines. 'l'hen they‘d turn it upside
down smashing all the controls.“

Goal: Money

According to Zahm. the dryers
were not tampered with. indicating
that money was the goal ofthe van-
dals.

“We usually don't experience such
extensive damage in so short a time.“
said Zuhm. “We can‘t handle losses
like this. That‘s why we're offering a
rcwar 

Zahm also said that he hopes that
the reward will help publicize the in-
cidcnt and “draw attention to the
fact that a scrious problem exists."

University Police said that there
are prcscntly no suspects.

ill/sous! mm

Washing machines on Colonial and State (loads were vonddlsed
several weeks ago. Damage la estimated to be $2.200.

~ Election Reform Bill Proposed

by Pete Nadel

A bill intended to clean up SA
clcction procedures will come before
Central Council for approval on
chncsday night.

The Election Regulation Act. co-
authori/ed by Doug Friedman and
lzlcctitin Commissioner David
(iross. comes as a result of in-

adequacies in the present system
demonstrated by the controversial
Kathy Baron-Jim Aronoff SA Vice-
Presidcntial race last year and the
Tom Wallace Central Council dis-
pute earlier this semester.
According to Friedman. one ma-
jor objective of the Act is to dis-
sociate the election process from the

Senate Acts on Drop/A dd Policy

by Matthew (on

A bill rcquiring art instructor's
signiilurc on till drop cards. anti
granting them tlic right to rclusc
:iiithori/atioti tor “a cotnpclling
reason such as cheating." was passed
in yesterday‘s niccting til the lfiiitcr»
sity Scllillt‘.

llic new policy was iiitrtidnccd to
Cilllli} pr'cscnt drop add policy.
\\ilIL‘il docui't spccily if an tidiistir"s
signature or that of thc instructor is
iiccdcd.

\Vhilc studciils have the iiglit to
appeal if an instructor dcnics their
request. the new policy spccifics for
ilic first time tlic instructor‘s right to
rclusc to allow a student to withdraw
from a course.

Upon approval by President
0‘l.eary. the policy will take effect at
the start of next semester.

Also at tltc Scnittc meeting. a
smoking policy which would ililH.‘
proltibitcd smoking in certain :ll'L'ilh
til the campus was sent back tti tlic
ltxccutitc Committee for restruc-
luring.

Sonic members of the Senate rais-
ctl ohjcctions that the policy was too
general. (Uilc mcmlicr til thc Sctititc
stepped to the mar til the rootn to
light his pipc followingdcbatcoti the
proposal.)

A bill which mandates that
specific English courses bi: taken in
order to major in English was pass-
cd. requiring that at least l2 crcdils

be taken at or above the 300 level.
The bill also specifies where English
credits be distributed.

If approved by the President. the
new t'cquircmcnt would take effect iii
the hill scmcstcr.

Arititlicr tnctisurc. making offictal
prcscnt policy til the rcgistrar's of-
nut; protrdcs for the averaging of
botli grades in those cases where a
student chooses to repeat a course.
Under the new policy. a student tiiiiy
rcpcat it worse iii an clfort to raise
tlic grade received. but will receive
credit for takitig it only once.

Bills passed by the Senate are
referred to the President's office.
which in most cases. acts in accor-
dance with their recommendations.

Season’s First Snowstorm Blankets SUNYA

l’hc season's first major
snowstorm fell on Albany yesterday.
starting at mid-morning and all but
suspending classroom activity as it
continued into the night.
an administration official at 5:00

The Mohawk Tower Atrnosphcric
Station reported at 8 p.m. that 7 3/4
incth had fallen. and that an ad—
ditional inch or two could be ex-
pected by morning.

The station said the possibility of

snow mixed with sleet and falling
rain could make driving conditions
extremely hazardous by morning.
At the University Police night
desk. a spokesman said he would call
an adminsitration official at 5:00

UPS] SCOTT “(MAN

Grounds crews were out all night clearing SUNYA roads and walkways after a large snowstorm

DECEMBER 8. 1977

am. with road conditions and a
recommendation on whether to
close the university. Early this mor-
ning. the spokesman had no idea of
what that recommendation would
be.
SUNYA Ground Crews (out since
yesterday afternoon) plowed and
sailed campus roads through the
night.

No major accidents were reported
oti the SUNYA campus. but traffic
back up considerably as parking lots
emptied in the early evming.

The Motor Pool reported that
buses running behind schedule were
overlapping runs. A crowd ofabout
l'il'ly students was gathered at the bus
shelter by Dutch Quad at 2:30 in the
afternoon. waiting for a bus going all
the way to the Wellington Hotel.

In downtown Albany. trafﬁc tie-
ups caused the Motor Pool to advise
SUNYA buses to reroute and avoid
lower tote St. One bus driver
reported he was stuck in trafﬁc for
almost tltirty minutes on a two block
stretch of State St. in front of the
Wellington.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

auspicies of Central Council so that
any political control the council may
have over the appointment of Elec-
tion Commission members would be
discontinued.

The new bill provides that the
Election Commissioner will be
chosen by a panel consisting of the
SA President and Vice-President(or
their designees). the Central Council
Chairperson. the Central Council
Internal Affairs Committee
Chairperson. and the outgoing Elec-
tion Commissioner if he or she is not
reapplying for the position. At pre-
sent. the Commissioner is appointed
solely by the SA President and ap-
provcd by Central Council.

It is hoped that this system will in-
hibit the appointment of political
“cronies” to the office. Seven assis-
tant commissionch would then be
selected by the new Elcction Coni-
missioner and the SA Prcsidcnt.
Said l‘ricdman. "We're trying to
makc it [thc Elcction Commission]
as autonomous its possiblc."

“It? Act stipulated designing
procedures to aid ltandicappcd
studcnts iii voting. Onc example
cited by Gross is the possibility of
printing in braillc for blind voters.
Strictcr security measures insofar as
the tabulation of votes and storage
of records is also mandated in this
bill.

According to the act. seniors may
vote in the regular spring elections
with the exception of Central Coun-
cil contests. The reasoning isthat the
election is to determine representa-
tion by dormitory areas for the up—
coming year and it was decided that
seniors who are leaving the school
should have noimput into that area.

Two thirds of the present and
voting members of Central Council
will be required to pass the Act.
Neither Gross nor Friedman expect
any major opposition to their piece
of legislation.

Concerning the present system
Gross said. “We thought there were a
lot of questions unanswered" and he
expressed confidence that the new
bill would "bring more integrity to
the Election Commission itself and
to the election process as a whole."

WEATHER
The National Weather Service
predicts snow flurrics and varying
winds through tomorrow. with high
temperatures today and tomorrow
in the thirties. Bundle up!

PAGE THREE

armrest" c; I

 

