    

 

 
   
 
      

     
  
    
 

   
  

coffeehouse presented Doris Abraham. a very
exciting and'fresh performer who played a

, extremely satisﬁed. With solid backing from.
Chico Redner on bass and Ken Kosec on
violin. Dorisand friends put on a splendid per-
formance that many people would strive to
equaL ' ,
Doris‘ guitar work is very solid and her
crisp. clear vocals mesh nicely with her
beautiful. rhythmatic melodies. The bassist
was laid back (an oft-used description but
apropos). yet his innovative techniques and
steady bass lines aided in maintaining the
group's cohesiveness. Mr. Kosec‘s brilliant
and tasty ﬁddle work was not to be out done.
as he meticulously weavui well placed runs in
* and out of the melodies Doris laid before him.
His nicely arranged orchestration blended"
harmoniously and added fullness to the

By SUSAN SATKOWSKI

“It is the strangest play I‘ve ever done." says
Dr. Albert Weiner. who is directing the ﬁrst
major production of the semester at the Per-
forming Arts Center. What the Butler Saw. by
Joe Orton.

The play. which is scheduled for perfor-
mances March lO—l2. Its-l9. anda matinee on
March I3. is still in the creative process. Dur-
ing this stage of production. the director and
actors Work out problems inherent in
translating the written words ofthe playwright
into an audio and visual form.

The problems encountered with this
production. according to Weiner. have been
very unusual. Both he and Lynda Salsbury.

Last weekend. the "Freeze Driedw

'. diverse array of songs which left the audienCe _

 

‘  

groups enjoyable to sound.
- ballads that combine elements of country and
Western. folk nad swing. Her interpretation of

others material was impressively done. 'She .'

borrows from artist's such as the late Otis Red-
ding. l’aul Siebal and even The Beatles. as her
rendition of their hit “In My Life” was one of
the high points of the show.«She also does old.
vintage love songs s'uch as "Let's Fall In
Love“. and “Making Woopic“. which allows
her strong sensual vocals the opportunity to
come to the forefront. arousing even the most
frigid.

Doris‘ own compositions are not to be over
looked as they exemplify the high level of
talent and creativity she possesses. A time en-
titled “Dance The Night Away“. is a commer-
cial yet solidly arranged song which appears

on her new album. Labor afLove. Although ‘

she. calls this number her disco tune. it con-

the costumer designer for the production. had
difficulties understanding the script in terms
of figuring out what character is on stage at
each moment. as well as figuring out what
costume he wears. since characters exchange
costumes throughout the play. After designing
a dress that belongs to one female character.
Weiner and Salsbury realized the costume had
to be re-designed. since it is never worn by the
female character. but rather by two male
characters. Often characters are running on
and off stage in their underwear. so these tir-
ticles of clothing had to be designed as well.

The play is plotless and is extremely fast-
pticed. Weiner describes it as a “physical
farce.“ in which the visual is used for comedic

‘EMost'of the tunes the trio performs arelove ~

    

 

   

 

 

 

  
 
  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
  

 
 
 

tains a very catchy beat that should fare well
on the charts.

Not only does Doris and friends play ex-
cellent music but her cordial and friendly
manner builds good rapport with the

purposes. He compares it to a Roman comedy
since it involves mistaken identities withenor-
mous complications. but' in comparing it to
other genre. feels Orton has “combed all of the
playwrights" to create an “eclectic mess."
Weiner considers the dialogue to be utterly
artificial and most difﬁcult for evenexperienc-
ed actors. The actors must “read the lines as
though they don‘t belong to them.“ says
Weiner. In this respect. he feels there are no
real characters in the play. Orton does not deal
with character development to any great ex-
tent. His characters seem to exchange iden-
tities as easily as they exchange costumes.
Scenery posed another problem. since the
set must provide an appropriate environment

Doris Abraham and company at the Freeze Dried Coffeehouse.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ttuplsrbﬂo

audience. She exhibits strong stage presence
which is vital in any performer. Doris deﬁnite-
ly has the potential to become a very successful
performer. Hopefully. the breaks will fall her
way.

' SUNYAK Serves Up ‘What the Butler’Saw’

for the action of the play. Weiner chose to use
the procenium stage of the Studio Theatre in
order to achieve a forced perspective. The
floor ol'theset slopes upward. while the ceiling
slopes downward. creating an uskewed world
that mirrors the insanity of the script.
Although a very difficult production in
terms of staging. dialogue. and costuming.
Weiner chose the play because he is attracted
to “grotesque theatre." in which everything.i
including many of society‘s morals. is turned
upside down. In Butler. deeply held moral
positions concerning rape. marriage.
homosexuality and lesbianism are dealt ti
sharp. if not fatal blow. and the fast and loose
treatment of these topics may be offensive.

 

FRIDAY, MARCH
At Hudson Valley CC in

CWCK inf-909,066

And the Chuck 'Mangione Quartet

1] AT 8PM TICKETS: $4.00
Available at the HVCC

Hudson Hall student

J ust-A-Song records.

senate and

 

 

 

 

 

 

an evening with

Kenny

Kt NN‘i » ‘\f‘il\ N

     

Rankin

and SPECIAL GUESTS mam...

 

MIN)“
tltu Nil 50 ill Alllll ill

 

Lb 1018

gnant. musically beautiful.
produced by Michael Stuart.
arran ed and conducted by

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ypAyn) oowuiascn'

it . o k. Ping Chang. and the
' aidelightful show the other
nteresting. imaginative. and

.a s
suppose: it (was basically a dance concert.
although l'would be content to call it simply
“theatr'ef‘. Both’Paris and Venice/ Milton (the
_ ’on the program) were beautifully
choreogr plied: yet the direction of “dialogue”
was essential to the total effect. I enjoyed this
effect very much.
Parts is rather cold this time of year. if its

 

By Larry Donne

Good live bands performingstrictly original
music iii a specific region are difficult to find.
When their music displays original style and
careful composition they become even more
rare.“ Paradox is one such rare bttnd that has
been performing in the Albany-Rensselaer
area for the last year.

‘ Paradux's music is a fusion of jazz and rock

’with occasional classical influences. The four
members. guitarist Chris Hroniarck. Bassist
Elliot Collins. drummer John Levey and
newest member Art Holonzo on piano and
synthesizer will be taking this music to other
colleges and universities in the state playingns
opening acts for other artists orjust touring by
themselVes.

Bolonzo replaces former rcedniiin Marcus
Benoit who left the group to join the army.
Broniarek feels that the addition of llolonzo
will be a great asset to the baud. “llis com-
positions iire very interesting and mtich
different thtinlours. I‘m looking forward to
playing them.

The prospect of doing a totir of'collcgcs and
universities is something the band hopes will
soon hccomc' a reality. 'l'hcir manager.
SUNYA concert promoter Marcus l’ctcrxall.
feels that such a tour would not only be en-

By DAVID GOLDMAN

The Beatles have broken tip. but
Beatlemania is alive and well. The third an-
nual Beatlefcst took place at the Stiitlcr Hilton
in New York City last Saturday. February 26.
and Sunday. February 27. Beiitlefcst is a con-
vention featuring films. speakers. art exhibits
ttnd numerous items for sale that attracts
licatle fans from all over the country. It was
started in I974 by Mark Lapidos and has been
held annually ever since (except last year.
when the Commodore llotel. witcre it had
previously been held. closed down. Iciiviiigthe
promoters without an appropriate sitc). Inst
year Betitlcfests were held iii l.os Angeles. San
Francisco and Philadelphia as well. but New
York is where it originated. llcing a trite
liciitlcs fan. I made my tltird visit to liciiilelcst
oti Saturday to check out the activities.

Upon arrival iii the second floor where

 

 

 

 

 

Page Hall   °” 
Thursday march IO
8:00 Pm
k ALBANY. 331mm. Ems MARCH. 8' m"

 

.\
g. hydro

Marianna

was also quite funnydn parts. I'

dance-analogy is to believed. I did not react.

very comfortably to the endlessly repeating"

piano ﬁgure. nor to the endlessly repeating lit-
tle movements which never seemed quite
relaxed. Monk‘has a wonderful sense of
music: the most effective part of 1 Paris. for me.
was the scene in‘ which the two dancersactual-
ly put on theircoats. gossip about their perfor-
mance (albeit in whispers). and stroll off.-
walking around and around the stage. singing
a very Elizabethan English duet. The per-
formers identified (at least. in the perfor-
mance) very well with their material and per-

Vf '  , Original Paradox

joynblc for both hand and audience bill would
also be useful in exposing more people to
I’uratlox’s music. “College and university
audiences are definitely our best audiences.
not only because they are more musically
sophisticated. but they are also more willingto
listen closely titan a bar audience is."

Paradox has played at the Last Chance
saloon. the Albany University Ritlhskcllttr
and once at an Off-Campus lounge Friday
Night Special. they opened for David Sun-
cioiix and l'onc iil Rl’l lust springimd gave a
sci that was appreciated by both the audience
and Sancious.

While accompanying Sancious was an ideal
pcrloiming situation for the band. they have.
on the other hand. spent many frustrating
nights playing to small uncnthusiustic
audiences in bars. "The problem." lironiurek
feels. “is that our music is not as familiar its
other. more commercial forms of music.
When thc mime Ja/l is used it lt‘lltl\ to turn

people away even though out music is cosy to

listcn to.“

The fact that their music is not what people
in the recording industry tcrin. "commercial."
has caused the hand several problems.
Paradox has not only found it difficult to find

llctitlclcsl (officially billed as “llcntlcfcst ‘77
NYC-Come logcthci'“) was happening. I was
handed a program of events and a trivia qiiil.
which when filled out correctly makes oiic
cligihlc for u pi'i/c. (I found some of the
questions easy. btit since sortie were
ridiculoust hard. i didn't hand it in). i then
went over to the Illttlll ballroom. where the
MC. l).l .liinmy l‘lllh’ of Wl’l..l. was in-
troducing the events. After some opening
rcmurks about how I he liciitlcs had changed
his ltlL‘.M)lllC ol the original Saturday morning
licatlcs cartoons tiei'c shown. Despite the lith
that .lolin and (icorgc didn't hate anlish
accents. and the plots usually l't.‘\ olvcd around
the lab l‘ttlll' being chased by mobs of
it) sic-i lClll teenage girls. the cm toons were cn~
ioyiiblc. ()ihcr inotics shown included :ill the
|u|l~|cugtli fcutiircs. pliis concert footage (such
Shea Stadium) and

as file llciitlcs ill

 

'~ » with. and unlike'Pat;

, p}
’ Von [Milan w __
two; I found it the

“snapshot”; scenes c ’
ltI'is really ,quite connect
vious’ repiesehtatiom of. V
the Gondoliers. The openi I
which they graduallly form a “Y” on the stage.
is really extraordinary. They literally sweep
away the action. as they go in and out‘of the.
rest of the scenes. - - Q
The audience was. at moments. gigling and
talking. I became really annoyed at two people
behind who talked up such a storm that I had
trouble concentratingon the music. By far. the
funniest star ofthe eveningwusa little girl who
managed to find the perfect moments for very

 
  

 

 

 

 

\
\ \\ \\\
\\\I\§l\\\
\\ - \
\ \\\
T . \\\ \
\ \ \\‘\
b
\

 

places to play in bill they are alsocncountcring
problems in making their music available on
records and tiipcs. l’ctcr/iill feels this problem
will be overcome shortly. “We‘ve contacted
setcrul rucord compqu ‘ and sent them tapes.
All we itavc'to do now is wait and sec iftiiiy ill'L'

 

interested."

Beatlemania: Still an American Craze

promotional lilnis. Also in the ballroom were
some speakers: Anthony Fawcctt. author of
"One Day At A lime" (a new autobiography
of John lennon). and flurry L'iistlemun and
Walter J. l’odrn/ik who co-autliorcd “All
Together Now." :i Beatles discography. A
Battle: sound-alike. Abbey Rhode. per-
formed. but unfortunately I didn't get to see
them. An utiction took place as well. in which
various llcatlc items were sold to the highest
bidder (an index card signed by (icorgc
Harrison went for $40).

My favorite part of the iicatlcfcsls has
always been the “dealer rooms.“ where Beatles
memorabilia can be purchased. l-shirts. but-
tons. posters. calendars. photographs. records
and magazines were scattered across tables
throughout the three rooms. Among some of
the more unusual items for stile were a metal

\ l '
| i  

 SIUDENT PRESS

ng visequenee. in:

. see them there. Meredith Monk has perceived.

 
 
 
    

        
 

.' time

the phe 1
tion is. by definition. contradictory't
tistic“ aspect of communication.

I know that Meredith Monk.‘Ping Chongo
and the House will be performingin New York“
City soon. I think it would be worthwhile to.

much about emotion and communication; ,'
and has framed it in a very effective'form. .4 .

l//,-li 

1?ng

While they iti waiting to record. Paradox
will continucto pinyin iiiidnroiiiid the Albany
area during the next ten \tccks. Chris
llroniarek will also be giving sctcriil solo pcr-
lormanccs in Iroy and chsiilciir in which he
will play original acoustic compositions as
well its sonic traditional classical pieces.

“Yellow Submarine" toy for 520 (they sold for
it few dollars when they first came out). an
authentic Beatles wig. and of course. the in-
famous “littlclicr cover" of l'ct/crtltrr Aml 'l‘u-
t/ll_l'. thn )'i'.\It'riItir .‘l ml Tilt/qr first came
out in Who. its cover bore a pliolo of the
Beatles in butcher's smocks with broken baby
dolls and pieces of raw meat around tltcnt. As
you might itnugiiic. Capitol Records pulled
the album oil the market \irtually hours after
its release due to \iolcnt public reaction. and
replaced the original photo with one of the
group siltttdlttg around a trunk. The "liutclicr
cover" is ilicrclorc very rare and it is not un-
common to see it selling for one or two hun-
drcd dollars.

An art room was another attraction. \vlicrc
drawings and collages of the lieutlcs filled the
walls. Scrapbooks of press clippings compiled
by devoted liiiis were also on display.

I didn‘t sec much ol the look-alike contest.
ll0\\’C\L‘I‘. another room had preliminary try-
outs tor the sound-alike contest. which when I
got there turned out to be it httitcli of people
getting stoned and hanging out Beatles songs
(without much success. I might add) on 2‘
piano. Iiipetl interviews were played at
\ai‘ious times. and a speech (or more COI‘I’L‘CZi‘.’
a sermon) was given by David Feel. it sing.»
composer who was once friendly with Jttlttt
Lennon and has been rciuitiding everyone of
that ever since. He is also the president of an
alleged club called “Ilring‘lliick The Beatles"
whose aim isjust tlint:(l siiy "alleged" because I
sent them it $3 membership fee many years ago
:iiid have yet to receive anything in return.)

Since 75‘s llentlefest was bigger and better
than its predecessor. I expected this year‘s to
he the biggest yet. but it really didn‘t have
much more to offer than the last one. Still. it
was an enjoyable afternoon. and anyone in-
terested in The Beatles was sure to find
something to his or her liking.

 

J
attain-swarms“

 

 

      
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

