BUS S CHE DULE

BUS STOPS AT ALL 4 QUADS & CIRCLE

WEEKDAYS__ ________ __MONDAY — FRIDAY

W

SATU RDAYﬁ __________ __

LEAXELSJLELL

11:00 a.m.
11:30
12:00 noon
12:30
1:00
1:30
2:00
2:30
3:00
3:30
4:00
4:30

7~\
a u 1' '
l) 
. 8:4,
1"].\

» Mimi. 1-

at?

LEAILEiSIUﬂESANI

EAVES STUYVESANT

11:15 o.m.
11:45
12:15 p.m.
12:45
1:15
1:45
2:15
2:45
3:15
3:45
4:15
4:45

A 7A ._n~—...-rmvm-ni~rax.1:x wt

 

 

unnamed/ram page 17A
APPENDIX W: DIBOENTING .OPINION
,. - (MJIIch or) ‘ ' ’ '

: loppose the imposition of new undergraduate
degree requirements at this time. for several reasons.
I believe that there is strong opposition to such
requirements in the academic community. that the
educational value of greater rigidity in the
curriculum is uncertain. that new restrictjions on
students‘ freedom might make this campus less
attractive to potential applicants. and that new
requirements mayentail difﬁcult practical problems
(e.g.. additional burdens on academic advisors and
complications involving transfer students).

1 also oppose any attempt to coin/tel departments
or colleges to institute new courses. or to classify
existing courses in terms of new concepts or
distinctions.

‘ I believe that much can be done to improve the
undergraduat experience. through development of
variotis new techniques and options. but not
through compulsion.

I disagree with the report in one other respect
also. I do not agree that advisetncnt of students

' xv .should be strongly emphasized There is a crisis in

I advisement in some departments which are heavily
loaded with itdvisccs. I believe that decisive steps
shotild be taken to deal with this problem. Such
steps might well involve tll'-Clllpllil$l§ on advisement
or even elimination of the advisement process
altogether:

APPENDIX V: EXAMPLES OF UNIVERSITY
COURSES

The Evolution Of Modern Science

A year-long course designed to trace. in some
detail. the development ol~ scicntilic ideas and
techniques concerning the basic elements and
processes of inorganic and orgatiic nature from
about 1800 to the present. Some topics studied will
be: (I) The development ol Instruments and the
fundamentally important role played by simple
observations atid measurements. (2) The coni1lctol
philosophies and the function of a particular cast of
thought in fociissing attention of certain aspects of
reality at the expense ol others. (.1) The growth and
interaction oi scicntilie ideas. in particularconeepts
such as that ol the atom and the nature of matter. of

r/

5 c off any
PIZZA

with this mil/tun

I,
l.
I
l
I
I
I
I
I
I
I'
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I

Regular and Sicilian

forcewind ﬁelds. of thermodynamics. of the nature 1

of living matter. the evolution of.life.'the nature of
disease. etc. The course will stress the interplay of.
ideas. experiments. false systems. and speculative
visions in the evolution of creative science.

Thermodynamics .
Thermodynamics is the study of heat and work-
and the conversion of energy from one of these

forms to the other. it is a science that is quite ,

abstract. yet of such fundamental und'practical
importance that an understanding is essential to the
physicist. chemist. engineer. biologist. and geologist
— thermodynamics is a cornerstone for allscienee.

This course will emphasize the development of
concepts such as temperature. energy. Work. and
order-disorder (entropy) with an attention to
historical perspectives. These thermodynamic
concepts will he examined in contexts ranging from
relatively fast biological processes to the slow but
inexorable geological processes to the pragmatic
elements of energy management in our present and
future society.

Aspects Of Mathematics

The aims of this course are to exhibit some
examples of mathematical reasoning. to show some
applications. and to present mathematics as the
study of structure. Typical topics might be orders of
niagnititdc. dimensional reasoning. elementary
statistics. the ides of a mathematical model.
perspective and projective geometry. Enlcr's
theorem on polyhedrs. the axiomatic method
(Euclid and llilbcrt). and symmetry.

Technical Language. Neologism And Jargon In The
Humanities And Sciences

Under what conditions does expository writing
ttirn "technical"? What is gained (in precision. in
explanatory power) by depaning from "ordinary
language“? What is ordinary language? These are
some of the questions that might be taken up in a
course lauglit jointly by a philosopher. a scientist
(social or asociiil). and it literary critic. Some time
might be spent on a philosopher notorious for his
special \ocnhulary (c.g. Kant or l’icice); anotlter
unit night contrast the sociological writing of
someone like lrilcolt Parsons with those of a more
anecdotal sociologist like (ioil‘ninn. T he aim ol'tlie
course would be to draw students‘ attention to the
ways in “lllL'll writing is something other that the
transparent. inorc-or-lcss competently handled
medium tor "thought" or "argument." Readings
would be limited; at good deal ol'ivriting(in a variety
of styles) uould be required.

[89 A Quail, off Western

Houis: Tues-Fri. lZ-Midnitc
Sat.-Sun. 4—Midnite
CLOSED MONDAYS

)trtx bu)! .\
_-'-_.
mm 7 13/1" \I

i :I.\ til/t r

Isles

themselvesgtheir culture. anditbeir beliefs. Frbm 7

Mill and Newman to Dewey and limcbins.

Marx And The [III ‘

A course by an institutional economist or by an
economist and'ir politieal‘seientist on the political
signiﬁcance of 'changgs in the 20th Century,
industrial economy. What is “post” about the pork
industrial society? Stress would be not on
macroeconomic phenomena but on social. political.
and industrial organization with in the modern
economy. Depending upon the interests of the
instructors. the course could be conducted entirely
on the United States or on a comparative basis.

The Concept 0f Intelligence

This course might cover intelligence from the
viewpoint of hothdifferential psychology(tests)and
developmental psychology (especially Piegetian
theory). together with a review of the historyvand
politica of the hereditary question. Other possible
topics would include the intelligent behavior of

animals on the one hand and the “artiﬁcially-

intelligent“ behavior of computers on the other.

Anthropology. A Biological. Physical. And Social
View: Heredity. Evolution. And Society

An understanding ofthc hereditary.evolutionary
and societal inﬂuences on our lives is an essential
element in a “coming of age.“ This course is an
introduction to these influences. An elementary
discussion ol~ genetic - serves as a departure point for
it biological. physical. and societal characterilation
of man and his environment this organitationis
based on the premise that the most important facts
are iltosc with social implications. However. the
incredibly plastic interplay of heredity and
environment allows not a perspective. only a set of
perspectives. Accordingly. the objective of this
courscistlic development ol‘ascicntiﬁcand humane
base for the hcgiiining of an understanding of otir
society,

The l‘ses 0f Numbers
The two aims of this course would be to develop
the habit of noting the implications of the many
(economic. political. geographical. etc.) numerical
as ' 'it' ns one encounters every day. and to develop
ti 'ty tn the pleasures that mathematics can
afford. l‘ossiblciopics includezthe art of estimating:
how to use (or misuse) probability and statisti *:
mathematics as an empirical science (cg. gtte iiig
theorems with the aid ol’ pocket calculator): \\‘l1lll
computers can anti cannot do: mathematics as an
tirt-l'orni (number theory); the history ot pi and e:

Pop’s Pizza and Subs

so” We Deliver “a.

‘-----------1-----------------------

Buy 2 Subs
Get 1 Free

it'll/l this mil/mu
Hot and ('old Subs

 

w at ca
_ Iinfinities _ '
'Time it so, 'hlng‘ everyone but definiteab
often unexpressed)_ideuiabout.. _ '
quite simple facts from the world of pheao , v
reveal'thlt the natur'egoftini‘eisin rainy win qtliib
different from the common niiive notionl.‘Since . v.
naive view of time is built into linguap itself
(through. for example. implicit: tempo“!
assumptions) i is not at all etuy,tori be t
naive View. an the experience oftryingtodosocnn
be illuminating The nature of time” will 
approached from the following points of viewzp
clocks.‘ in principle and in practieeytime in the
theory of relativity: the direction of time. according
to thermodynamics and statistics; contrasts and
connections between the views of time in physics.

philosophy. psychology. and literature.

Science Fiction
The aim of the course isto attract tothestudyatid
discussion of literature some of those students:
(numerous in technical and scientiﬁc fields. and in
the social sciences) who read no works of.
imagination other than science fiction. Many of
those students turn out to have developed in high
school it hatred of “the classics“ and a conviction
that the analysis of literature in inhuman and
boring. Nevertheless they read staggeringquuntitiel
ol‘ ' ' nce liction. usually in ” from their
. and feel guilty about that reading: they are
anxious to defend SF against attacks coming from
the “centers of high culture." hitt are themselves
quick to s tthat SF has "little or no literary value."
' . .' aiming to set science ﬁction into
"one historical and literary perspectives as “the
 to encourage slow. analytical reading and
the disciplined expr .sion of personal responses are
a new experience for such students. and a valuable
one. If such a course were Iauglujointlybe a st udent
ol literature and a historian of science. it could
consider t he rciiltions ot'scicnccto societyand myth.
liut men just as a course in reading. writing. and
discussing. it would Iill an iitipot'taiit place. (This
course was in ltlL'l ol'tcrcd ill Spring 1976 and liitd ttn
cnrollnicnt ol nearly Kt) st udcnts. most ol'whom had
never taken a lit course in college!

 

'chort ol' the (‘otiinuttcc on (lcncrtil Education.
(‘orncll llniicrsity. January. l‘l77‘. p. 2

‘lhid, p]

‘llnd,. p. }

 

My
nose
ltches

‘----—-

 

 

‘_——-—--_

 

 

Colonie Cente

Stuyvesant Jewelers

Welcomes back all S.U.N.Y.A. students, faculty, and administration by
offering 15% OFF on all regular merchandise with S.U.N.Y.A. ID. for the

entire school year!

o--~-----°-°°°~~-Other Lowdown--~--o—-—---------»

Colonic Mfg. Jewelers Mohawk Jewelers

,- Mohawk Mall

Soon to tie Glennpeter Jewelers - the area’s student minded jeweler!
Visit our remodeling sale at Colonie Mtg. Jewelers starting today. Everything drastically reduced!) 1

Gem Jewelers
Rotterdam Plaza

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

SEPTEMBER 2. 1977

~ lmmﬂrw-‘JMW

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

. .. .muWWu-vwww'“9"“

I

PAGE 9A

 

. ...- s _~.:.~.;m

H‘s..\>y‘. ﬂaw-s

 

