 

 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  

 
 

 

,~Ntiw.“voiiit (an) Women. the
.l‘l‘jarer, say. are exceedingly
_ religious. becoming more so. And
_ tltlt tﬂnrd’rellﬂiouh they are. the
ltd-lithlort settler and happier. ‘
, 1 than the somewhat startling fin-
ding of it survey by a national
‘th mum's magazine. Redbook. which
‘tlniw answers to a 97-min question-

 

iitlte on the subject from 65.000 '

SWI'lmlm renders.

‘ ’ it "will surprise many Americans.

in: lmpresrlw number or American
trauma have embarked ‘on a
t‘utlalntn awakening.” Redhmik
irltt. .

Q' Nlttety-ttlxpereentotthembetieve‘

ill (ital. paralleling general survey
llgltllllﬂtl. And 95 per cent describe
insanelqu nit religious. 57 per cent
lull ring they have become‘more so in
the pint five years.

lleyoittl that. n cross-reference
ltitltlytltt of 2.500 of the responses
ll‘lllltl that tile more religious a
nation iii. the happier she is. and
tt at the "very religious“ women are
least likely to have feelings ofnnxie-
t3. tendons or worthleiisness. that
tiny lttlllul‘ term from hettduches or

Community Service Registration
’l'ucsday April l2
to Friday April 15

9:00 am to 4m pm LC 3 and LC 4
Call 45 7-480] for info.

public service ad brought to you by the ASP J

 

 
 
 

        

0
report lapses of
, Sucii' .nega

  
 

_  - tnpt‘oms were
found tobe communest for women
who'iire only‘“slightly religious.“

ironically. however. the few
deﬁnite nongbelievegs matched the
"strong belie. era int-health and hop-

 

 
  
  
   

“Thcwo. ,nwhoisiuillstruggling
with-her d in isthe one with‘the
headache. , .

However 95 ‘cent say religion

.jhappier life.
‘ V percent believe that
God f‘hears. all '0' fprayers. though
he doesn’taiway . grant what we
ask.” Ninety "percent say God has
helped tham throughspeciﬁc crises
in life and 77 per cent say they have
at times felt God‘s immediate
presence. similar to experiences
described by President Jimmy
Carter.

Eighty-seven per cent believe in
“genuine miracles" in which God

  

 

plays an actives-Part; 84 per cent'

believe in life after death. while l2
per cent are uncertain and 5 per cent

 

 

“lltul t. UH

very special

A Keepsake diamond
lit the perfect symbol of
tilt! ltwe you share . . .
guaranteed perfect
permanently registered
protected against loss.

Colonic Center

U 1 Level)
( iii—cm

 

 

_..4_..—s__a

 

Giiie something

Rudoif’s Jewelers

Charge Accounts Invited
f' Major Credit Cards Accepted
Layaways invited

Sale Ends March 31, I977

    
   
    
 

VENTURA
AcclNY
NINDON

Mohawk Milli
374-3524

 

 

 

 

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

reject the idea. " t
‘ Concerning super-hhman beings.
82 per cent believe angels “actually
exist.“ but a somewhat smaller 78 '
per cent think the devil is an actual
being.

Among Protestants and Roman
Catholics. two-thirds say they‘attend
church at least once a week-while
only 6 per cent of Jewish women
report more religious obse'rvatices '
the home.‘  :'. ' ‘ 

'Popular Mytlu - .' .-

“A number of popular jriiyt s". K
about religion are contradict? it
our survey." the report'says.
cluding the assumptidn thatciden-
less educated and poorer people are
likely ‘0 be me “‘0” religious' i‘  ' i'Kol'wezi. They were reported to be. s‘e'ttiPB uP'subPli'Jint-is 1i? [hit 11160!)5 81

it's not so.the report says. finding ‘K'o'lgvezih' ’ .. n I ‘ ..  I v t ' -
that religious concerns are just as :: ~ . J .-
high for those in their 20s und 30s ‘._Sovlet Union Stresses Relectlon to PrOpoeals
the wcn'm'do‘md concgc‘edl'cmw MOSCOW (AP) Soviet rejection of the 'latest' U.S. arms limitations
"5 for (“hem proposals is final. Pravda said Thursday, asserting that they "not only lack

_ - I . any constructive element but in generalpannot be the subject of serious
' 0' » discussionf‘The Soviet Communist party newspaper dismissed suggestions
CBers  -
o . . . -_
Their Hantﬂes

by US. ofﬁcials thtit the Soviet government rejected the proposals'during
Secretary of State'Cyrus Vance‘s recent visit to Moscow beritiuse it needed
more time to study them. “Some quarters are pretendingin vain that the
Soviet side has not given a ﬁnal answer and that-it allegedly needs time to
2 V study the new American proposals bceunse of thcis ‘drastic‘ naturef Pravda

WASHINGTON (AP) Almost all '

C Bers have “numbers.” bttt refusal

to use their Federal} Com-V

munications Commission call signs

accounts for the greatest abuse "of

said.
Citilcn Band radio regulations. '. in
fact Uncle Charlie. as the FCC is
known. ranks failure to identify CB
stations by their call signs at the top
of the commission‘s “trigger
violations.“..or enforcement
priorities. The use of call signs is re-
quircd by internattional treaty.’says
Deputy Chief James C. McKinney
of the Field Operations Bureau. the '
FCC‘s enforeamuiitnttrmt.2‘liat.m.tiin(tittFBbJﬂyQUhSUﬁhSﬂarﬁh for Underground Leaders
purpose is to control interference.“ WASHINGTOMAP) The FBI. after seven fruitless years oftrying to catch
MCKlnnci’ cXl’lilif‘5~ "whim 30' lenders ofthe radicnlWeather Underground. hopes to interview two persons
lcrl‘crcllcc “005 OCCUR 0th 511100115 who recently surrendered to face charges of political violence. Robert Roth
cu“ “115W ldcmlly “16 Offender and ttnd Phoebe Hirsch. whostirrendcrcd to Chicago authorities lttst month. iifL‘
lhc “Spun-“hie EOVL'mmCm agency free on bond in connection with l969 indictments for mob actions anti
"‘0" Ci!" “lkt‘ UPPTUPTWC “CHOW” aggravated battery. ltoth also Wits sought on it fugitive warranti‘hc bill has
hi: “WSW U-‘C Gi‘CilHSlgns “'50 uldscn' said they were members of the Weather Underground. “l'm sure we‘ll be
[OWL‘mcm “l (“her “Ill-‘5‘ MCKinnc)’ talking to them.“ sttys FBI spokesman Thomas Coll. “Whether or not they‘ll
ilddﬂ- "We're Steingmuclléimllﬂ “50 say anything is ptirc specualtion." The bureau hopes to learn the whereabouts
or CH“ Signﬁtu l“: 5“)’S- "There W115 1‘ of the group's best-known lenders.

time when we had only 5 pcr cent

compliance. but we‘re now running Saccharin To Be SOId 83 a Drug

35 ‘0 40 Pt'mr'm- Thiii's 5”” 100 10W- WASHINGTON (AP) The Food and Drug Administration. standing by its
bl“ “‘5 0 gm“ impruvcmcnbn on“ plan to hurt saccharin as an additive to foods and beveragcs. Iliui'sday
"3350“ [0" file “‘9'”le “59 or proposed to allow the swcetcncr to be sold as an over-the—countcr drug
numbcrst Permle l5 “‘0 rcccm FCC carrying it warning label that it “may increase your risk of cancer." FDA
"CUP" Pcrmimng CBC” ‘0 1%" 0MP“ Commissioner Donald Kennedy. who took ofﬁce only it week tigo. said his
“if “"1051 immediindy “"9" Selling proposal “would reduce saccharin use by tip to 90 per cent." eliminating it
3| new Fﬂdlu A CB” Cit“ now begin from the diet soft drinks where most ofthcsugar substitute is now found. 'l he
"mildlllilllngn luls'ZIHYJUS‘ by sending ban also would extend to use of saccharin in cosmetics. such as toothpaste
“W FCC “‘9 “Cm-"9 i'i"i’“‘3‘“i°" and motithwashcs. and as an ingredient of other drugs to inttkc them taste
"wally l’i‘Ckc‘I Wilh his new rig and better. The FDA said manufacturers will have six months after the ban takes
"Sing 1| [cmpomry 031150!" “mil “1° effect to prove that saccharin is nsafc and effective drug. lfthcy are unable to
Permuncm “CW5” ""iVW Ti“: [Cm‘ prove the drugs safety. all forms ofthe sugar substitute will be ordered of! tho
porary number is composed of the markcl‘
letter  the CBer‘s first and last
initial and his postal zip code. Until

Moroccan Troops Spread Out In Zaire a
KINSHASA. Zaire, (AP) Moroccan troops in southern Zaire appear to be
'. getting ready for an offensive against the invaders fromAngola. Nearly 1,000
‘ Moroccan troops werereported at IQolwczi. the centerof theleopper "mines in
She " .Pj‘rovince. ' a, ‘a A'PrcsidentvMbbutuSese 'Seko' ,is“ rodding'them

 

 

       

 

 

t tit niove'again'stbis'f ' Issbhie 50 miles to'the priest. Bc'porters returning from .

.olwe'zi" said'thez»-Moroccans. who arrived last weekend.'wc‘re collecting
nforma'ti'on' on. the. enemy‘s strengthand 'positiosandibringing' in war

 

   

   
  

 

 

 

 

“when .the‘y'woiild-move 'o'ut. Five~litiridred‘-more-Moroccaritrtiops were

U.S. Removes Missiles from south Korea
WASHINGTON (AP)_ The US. Anny has started withdrawing its nuclear—
tippcd Sergeant ground-to—ground missiles from South Korea. Gen. Bernard
W. Rogers. Army chiefofstttff. also disclosed in an interview that US. forces
have begun turning over to the South Koreans their Nike-Hercules tinti-
aircrtift missiles with conventional explosive warheads. The moves. which
will reduce U.S. ground troops in South Korea by about L300. were planned
during the Ford administration. However.thcy mesh with President Carter‘s
stated intention of removing all 32.000 U.S. ground troops from. South
Korea over a fotir to five year span. Carter hits said: “i would envision a
continuation of American air cover for South Korea over a long period of
time." ~

I . Brown Considers Proposals Equitable

H"? Chan?“ (3.39” “""c requ'rcd “‘ ROCHESTER (AP) in town to receive an award for his two decades ol'arms
Willi um” lllclf Pcrmilncm Huff‘s“ control Work. Defense Secretary Harold Brown took the opportunity to sell
“FrWCd- This "tic" meal“ “0V3” 0‘ the Carter Administration‘s two rejected nuclear disarmament
“'10 "30mm: 0' m0": 1‘ {Vim mﬂny proposals. He called the proposals. turned down by the Soviet
"CW (-89” 'gnorc‘l' Mcx'nncy “15° Union two weeks ago. “far-reaching. equitable and realistic." He rcpctitcd
5")“ "1" “3°”?! W"? '" CBS has President Carter's contentionthat the disarmament offersarestillalivc;“We
“09%” w'lh “ " dlﬂcrcm ,‘ypc or have certttinly not abandoned. or even suspended. our discussions vttth
m‘lm 090mm" lone more Nmfely m Soviet representatives. . . Even while giving their rejections. the Soviets
“"19 b'y regm‘mlons'irhe H'Cz‘lso stressed that the talks would cohtinue." Brown. 49. told a downtown
found "5 “cw “censmg procedure audience of about L800 Wednesday night that “1 consider equitable arms

of unlicensed CB operators. A sur-
. control a reemcnts to __ ' - ..._' - ' .1
vcylnslmnshowcd 10pm, ccmonhe Planning 8 bc 0 help not a hindrance in strategic nuclt ti

nation‘s estimated 20 million CBers
without licenses—"rind legal. call
signs»compared to 34 percent dur-
ing ﬁscal l974. CBers can use their
handles. or nicknames.and CBclub
numbers with their'FCC numbers.
but failure to use the callvsignat the
beginning and at the. end'of- each
transmission is subject to an ECG
line of up to $500. More thatt‘3.000
ﬁnes were imposed last year. '

Moon’s Tax-Exempt Status to Denied

. NEW YORK (AP) Ofﬁcial denial of tax-excm pt status for his properties hen.-
is merely the latest in a series of setbacks for Korean evangelist Sun Myung
Moon and his Unification Church. it was revealed Wednesday that two
weeks ago the sect was hit with a copyright infringement seeking more than

3195.000 in damages for using the lyrics or music to 39 stings in a book titled
"Songs of Worship and Fellowship." The federal court suit charged that in
some cases the titles were changed "deliberately to mislead and disguise their
unauthorized and illegal taking of plaintiffs' copyrighted compositions,"
Real estate taxes on the properties currently total 5228.670 a year.

APRIL 15, 1977

 

u'i'atc al. presumny for an offensive. Buttheysaid'there was n‘oindications _

I reported-at _‘Lub.umbashi..the capital of Sheba province 150 miles east of'-

 
  
 
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
  

 

 

 

 

by lryan Holzberg ;

Two. SUNYA students were
scheduled to appear in‘Aibany Police
Court last Monday to fight being ~
evicted'from their 88 Willett Street
apartment. But their apartment was
extensively damaged by fire the .
Tuesday before that appearance.

And when Mark Anderson and
Curtis Suggs returned from vacation
in:New York City late Wednesday,
Suggs said they found it number of
their belongings missing from the
tiptirtmcnt which was then on-
inhtibitablc.

Fi_rg Starts Late

Suggs said it cousin of Anderson‘s.
Curtis Lloyd who is also a SUNYA
student. had been staying at the
apartment during the week. A ﬁre
started in the area of basement con-
struction of the live story structure
Tuesday itight with an alarm turned
in at 11:50 p.m.

Lloyd said ﬁrefighters evacuated
all residents during the blaze. which
was reported out by l2230. When
Lloyd arrived back at the apartment
at “about nine am.“ he said. a
number of items were missing from
the apartment. including a stereo.
cameras. and suitcases. Lloyd said

' v he had locked the apartment follow-

ing the ﬁre but returned later to ﬁnd
the latch open. '

n One arrest for theft following the
ﬁre was reported by a number of
residents.

Building owner Eugene
Oudcrkirk. who took title to the
property last December. said a cause
of the ﬁre was still undetermined and
three apartments were rendered un-
inhabitablc as a result of the ﬁre.
gwith Anderson and Siigg‘s apart-
ment reportedly sustaining the most
extensive damage. Oudcrkirk also
said there was much water and
smoke damage to the basement of
the building.

Some l5 days before the ﬁre.
Ottderkirk had sent it letter to
Anderson and Sttggs in which he
said they were to be otit of their
apartment. whose lciisc ran out June
I. by Saturday March lo. ﬁvu days
later. for reasons of “objectionable
conduct.“ The conduct was alleged
to have been a noisy party which had
continued until early morning. dis-
turbing at least one resident.

“I saw I was going to lose one te-
nant because ofthe behavior of other
tenants." Oudcrkirk said. who then

K - 3'   TWO ‘SitirieiitsEvicted' by -

acted to evict the students.

But Anderson and Suggs said they
had witnesses who said they were not
at the apartment at the time in ques-
tion. They then decided to take
Oudcrkirk tocoitrt claiming slander.
Four days after a first‘ court
appearanile wh; postponed because
of the landlord‘s absence. fire broke
out at ’88 Willett Street. ‘

_ Not Popular .

“I‘ll admit l‘m not the most pop-
ular guy with Anderson and Suggs."

Oudcrkirk said.

At least three other student groups
had been threatened with eviction by
Oudcrkirk in recent months. accor-
ding to Off-Campus Housing Direc-
tor Karlecn Kiirlson.

One ofthosc threatened withcvic-
tion for owning pcfs and partying in
violation with their lease. was Walter
Bell who shared an apartment with
two others by the name of Berr and
Davison.

Bell said in exchange for paying a
security of$235. tltcy were allowed to
stay in their third floor apartment.

Oudcrkirk sitid of 200 residents in
the apartment complex. there were
25 to 30 student renters. “I look to
have students renting.“ he said.

Guns Approved for Night Patrols

by Mathew Cox

A proposal to provide handguns
for campus police officers on night-
time car patrols has been approved
by the University Senate and
ticccptcd by University President
Emmett Fields.

Accordingto Public Safety Direc- '-
tor Jim Williams. all officers piitroll- 4

ing in cars between the. shrines obi ‘lﬁjﬁgpiudew'gauyimdpm 0n|yi...

three p.m. and seven arm. will start ,
carrying guns as soon as new guns
arrive. and after the officers involved
are given a one-week retraining
cottrsc. Hc cstimittes a delivery time
on the guns of between three weeks
and two months.

The University Senate passed the
proposal by voice vote Monday. It
was a revised version of it proposal
Williams submitted to the Senate
unsuccessfully two months ago.
which called for the arming of all
tumor-patrol officers as' well its
night-time desk personnel.

Senate member Paul Fcldman.
who voted against the measure both
times. said he feels information dis-
tributed on the proposed change
may have cleared up misconceptions
among students and Senate

Only 600 spaces are available

members that caused it to be
defeated earlier. He said he didn‘t
vote for the proposal because “there
'was no clear mandate“ indicating
student support.

According to Williams. the
change in the SUNYA Firearms
Policy means that all fit officers
assigned to night shifts will be

between three and ﬁve more officers

.than at present will actually carry

guns at any given time. he said. since
the proposal specifies that only of-
ficers patrolling in cars may be arm-
ed.

Currently all ptthlic safety officers
are technically qualified to carry
handguns. Williams said. but the ill
officers working the two night shifts
will be required to undergo retrain-
ing. He said this additional training
will involve both firing range and
classroom work.

The proposal‘s acceptance by
President Fields. oti the recommen-
dation of both the U niversity Senate
and the University Community

Council (UCC). follows a longeffort
by Williams to provide additional
htlndguns for officers of the Public

    

kuplerberg

for students to register for the

Community Service program. says cmordlnator Hedi McKlnley.

APRIL 15, 1977

Safety Department.

Prior to its acceptance. l2 officers
were authorized to carry guns on
campus. incidents involving persons
with guns confronting unarmed
campus police» were pelted by
Williams as evidence of the need for
more armed ofﬁcers. A reluctance
on the part of Aihany police to res-
pond to campus'tproblems. due in
part to their own. short-staffing.
mtide the problem particularly press—
ing. Williams said. '

A proposal thttt would hav c arm-
ed all motor-patrol officers as well as

.tlic desk staff on night shifts. was

passed by the UCC but defeated by
the Senate in February. The
proposal had to pass both the UCC
and Senate in order to beconsidercd
by Fields. who said he would accept
whatever recommendation the
Senate gave him. Williams subse-
quently submitted a modified
proposal to both bodies. accounting
for previous Senate objections.

Under the accepted Firearms
Policy change. a review committee
set up by the UCC will report to the
University Senate it your from now
on the effects of the new policy.

reich

as Willett St. where a tire last week toreed two SUNYA students from
thetr apartment. one week utter they were almolt evicted.

Benecke Misses Payment;
Balance Due Immediately

by Thomas Martello

Former Class of '78 President
Marc Beneckc has failed to pay the
third $200 installment of $3000 in
restitution he hiid agreed to make to
the class for the alleged theft ofthat
money for class funds.

As a result. the full balance of
$2600 fails due immediately with ad-
ditional interest.

Bencckc was arrested and arraign-
ed on the charge of third degree
larceny in Albany Police Court
March 17. A March 29 preliminary
hearing was postponed to a later
date.

Benccke agreed to pay the class
restitution last October in ﬁfteen
monthly payments beginning in
January. The first two payments
came in on time. '

Benccke was suspended from
SUNYA for ﬁfteen months in OC-
tober by Dean for Student Affairs
Neil Brown. According to terms of
the suspension. failure to make any
of the agreed payments results in
Bencckc not to be allowed readmis-
siott to SUNYA after the fifteen
montlt span.

“'lhcrc‘s probably no way we‘re
going to see the money.“ said Class
of ‘78 President Tim Burton. “We‘ll
just have to wait and see."

Since the arraignment. Beneckc
has changed lawyers. Originally. he
was represented by Alan Adler oftltc
law firm of Rosenblum and

Levcnthal. which represents SA. He
is now being represented by attorney
Raymond Fischer.

“it was probably on the advic of
the attorney.“ said Albany Coun y
District Attorney Sol Greenberg. “i
would give him the same advice if i
were his lawyer. Nothing in the law
requires you to pay the money
back—criminal law never considers
restitution."

Ureenberg said that the class of‘78
would "probably have to sue him
civilly“ in order to get tlic.moncy.

Neither Fischer nor Adler were
available for comment.

According to the . agreement
Bencckc signed with the class. 6 per
cent interest is due from the date of
default as well as an additional 20
percent of the final amount found
due.

According to Burton and Class of
‘78 Treasurer (itiry Bennett. the class
is planning no immediate action.

“Even if we win. we‘re going to
lose." said Button. “The arrange-
ment with Adler was that we would
get paid before the lawyers would. i
doubt that is goiitg to happen with
the new lawyer. if he doesn't have the
money. ltc can‘t pay its. The best we
could come out islosingthc $2600."

"in the long run.“ said Bennett.
“there is the possibility that we can
take him to court and get the money.
i doubt we‘ll sec it by the time we
graduate.“

Community Service Loses Spaces

by Jennifer Wolff

There will be 250 less spaces for
Community Service program for the
fall semester. bringing tltc total
number ol available spaces to 600.

The program. which allows
students to earn three col legc credits
for volunteering in the cotiimunity.
has become one ol SUNYA‘s most
popttlar courses.

Enrollment in tlic Coiiiiiitinity
Service Program has always been
about 500 students per semester. un~
til Hedi McKinley. the sole staff
member and co-ordintttor ol (‘om-
muiiity Service. decided to “experi-
ment“ last fall and let as many
students sign tip as wanted to.
"Never did i tltiiik 850 students
Would sign up!" said McKinley. But
they did and she httd to tutti away at
least 100 other students if not more.

Each new student means “another
card to process and another paper

to read.“ and six hundred is all Ms.
McKinley feels she can handle.

The program began in I970 in
response to students” desire to do
political work in the community and
a Student Committee was I ormcd on
campus. Only twenty or thirty
students were expected to sign up.
btit three hundred responded. ~

Consequently. the School of
Social Welfare decided to make it a
course. At first the other
departments questioned the

program. But now they consider it “a -
line way to get experience in \ariotis ,

tields." said McKinley. Site said the
program. although expendable. is in
no danger of being cut. “it is not
terribly expensive to run. and Presi-
dent Fields emphasized the
relationship between the community
and the University in_ his mission
statement." I

There are many volunteer

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

' year-old.

programs like SUNYA‘s on cam—
puscs all over the cotintry. but
SUNYA is one of onlythirty percent
of the nation‘s colleges which give
credit. according to McKinley.

Student response to Commotiity
Service work has been ninety-eight
percent favorable. said McKinley.
Students from all departments take
it arid over seventy percent rated
their experiences as “excellent” or
"above average“. “I enjoy working
.with people" is the main reason
students citc forjoining Community
service. “Practical experience" and
“finding out if it's what iwant to do“
run it close second.

In the six years tltat the program
has been running there have only

' been three agency complaints. One

student sold marijuana to an eight-
nnother student never
showed up to work. but had it

t‘ortliltut't! on page .rt'vt'lt

PAGE THREE

\

‘rm

 
 
  
     

'- ‘43-" aﬁg‘.‘ys.i7é¢j4ﬁ~n§’ 

 

 

 

