 

 

 

 

 

..3
.:

 

      
    
      
   
     
       
     
    
      

i' "i

(JustA Sonata-saying so‘long for another year - with special reductions through Saturday.)

I We couldn't think of a better way to say by; than with buy; We’ve reduced some of those
albums you ve been meaning to get. but haven't. And if we don't see you, we wish you a

tune’iilled summer.

List $7.98 - NOW $4.39

MARVIN GAY!
Arnie London Palladium

211 CENTRAL AVENUE/ALBANY/434-0085/OPEN MON
RECORDS/TAPES/TlCKETRON/PERIODICALS

     

List $6.98 - now $3.35

 

 

 

 

  

canton. a 1 i‘tuiuu r c: x mama‘s.

(\l’l \l\&|l \\|l.l.r,'
APtACElNTHESUN

( 'I’Il // /Iiv/i /"ii RH“

u‘ﬂ-l ‘ , 

"it

List 37-95 ' NOW 54-39 List $6.98 - Now $3.39 List $6.98 - NOW $3.39

 

  7 Any Way You Like it
SUITE ‘

FOR THE
SINGLE GIRL

mom WASHINGTON. lit"
A SECRET pucr

L‘m "‘
t 15
'1

J

 

 

 

List $6.98 - NOW $3.39

MUSIC TOGETHER

THRU FRI 10-9/SAT 10-6

l-Adverllst'mrm-

a

 

 

 

 

 

 

lly JOSHUA SHAPIRO
And DONNA SWAHIAN
in a business hierarchy an‘cmployce

his overall merit and value to the
organization. Certainly the existence of
unions. tenure: and seniority systems
have weakened this ideal of ‘the more
quality. the more tenure.‘ ‘

this University is a case in point of
considerations other thlin a professor‘s
value to the students keeping him in ajob.
Many st tidents can recall a professor that
is simply awlul being given tenure while
their favorite dynamic. young professor is
sent packing. llie Administration usually
cites budgetary or publishing
considerations as justifi ‘ation for what
seems a most ridiculous paradox.

Sometimes a st tident effort is mounted
to try and save the favorite professor his
job: seldom does it work. Usually the
ellort is ntade by a handful of students
Willi noble intentions but no numbers.
Noble intentions are fine. but they make
no noise: numbers do. The mistake has
occurred. and students will suffer. The
masses necessary to initiate the required
reversal ol administrative process are not
usually aroused.

lhis article is an attempt toinitiatcthat
\cry reversal. to arouse the numbers
required to make the Administration take
notice and action.

i he music department was shocked to
learn ol l’rolcssor Randall Ellis'dismissal
on budgetary grounds. Randy Ellis has
been lot' three years one of the most
popular ligures in the departmetit: he
teaches three classes intended for lion-
majors which are invariably filled to
oicrllowing: he is the music department‘s
oboe instructor: he is among the most
active members of the faculty in the area
oi perlormancc.

All three oi these functions are ofcqual
importance to those in the department.
but his value to the University as a wltolc
rcsts primarily upon his outstanding

Cutbacks or Quality:
An Executive Decision? 

would be retained or fired on the basis of

ability as a teacher of non-majors. it is to
the non-major th"t we address this article.
Our hope is that we can convince readers
of Professor Ellis‘ irreplacahiiity. and
enlist their support in righting the
injustice wrought bythe Administration.

We argue for Mr. Eilis‘ reinstatement
on solely ethical grounds as the
Administration was within their full legal
rights in tcrminating his temporary
contract. it should be noted that this is
not a question ol tenure. Randy Ellis.
inning only three years teaching
experience on the faculty. would not be
considered for tenure for yet another
three years assuming he remains onthe

laculty. Because of this. we believe that

enough protest will force the
Administration to reconsider its decision.

to the minority oi us who have grown
tip speaking and understanding the
language oi rock music. ‘serious‘ music
(or ‘classical‘ tittisic. as it common
misnomer goes) is a difficult. if not

incomprehensible area of the aural artist“?

Rock music has established itself as a

heartlcll lorm of worthy of every‘iicrrt'tiilti'“

consideration not to mention having
been a primary Iorce of social change
during the sixties. However. the vast
popularity and pervasiveness ofrock as an
art lorm has had an interesting and
unlortunate side-effect.

lhose of as who have grown up in a
rock music-filled environment do speak
the language ol rock and speak it well; but
as a result ol the total domination of
popular lorms.

Music Hill is one of the most popular
courses in the University. Students
typically enter it with little knowledge of
serious music. mid either a desire to pick
tip three quick credits. or to round out
their personalities and perhaps even
get a little enjoyment. It is the second
group to whom this article is addressed:
yet the trainer group might well take
notice. too.

. The teaching of music to laymen is

   

 
 

urs/Aim iiticn

Handy Ellis, the popular protenor oi Music 100. tho oboe instructor oi the department.
and member of several prestigious New York chamber ensembles. hu become yot
another unlortunate victim 0! severe budgetary cutbacks.

perhaps the most difﬁcult task a
musician teacher can perform.
Consequently it is very easy to make
serious ntusicjtlsl as confusing and dull as
the student expects it to be. One can come
away from this course feeling indifferent
or even negative towards what should be a
fascinating and enjoyable art.
Occasionally. however. there comes
along a professor with the intelligence
and sensitivity to make the very same
material lresh and vital. even to the non-
intisician. ’ '
For three years Randy Ellis has been
doing just that making serious music
comprehensible and exciting to his
students. regardless of the attitude of
hopciul indillerencc. and emerges a
Beethoven-maniac. Randy possesses that
rare combination of qualities through
which he can impart his own enthusiasm
lor the subject matter to the student.
Randy's classes concentrate on the
emotional rather than the technical

'- appeal ol the music. He explores. for

example the relationship of the program
of licrlioz‘s .Sji'iii/i/rriiiii' lr'muurll'quc to
the file oi the composer rather than the
intermovcmcntal harmonic relationships
of the work.

in addition to being outstanding in the
classroom he is also outstanding in the
concert hall. He is a member of several
prestigious New York chamber
ensembles. as well as being principal oboe
in the Albany Symphony Orchestra.

 

MCAT

Preparation
FREE PRIVATE HELP

 

   
 
 

 

Orshan Educational Service
581 Meryl Drive
Westbury, NY. [1590

Over 25 ,i'eara' experience!

I Expert Instruction

0 Comprehensive Review
0 Small Class Size

0 Test Analysis

0 Complete Tapes

0 Low Cost

0 Application Service

Easy accessibility to all parts of
Queens, Nassau and Suffolk

   

is“

    
   

 

 

Then 15 a difference!!! W
mamas FOR:

MCAT. DATO LSAT. SAT
GRE O GMAT 6 OCAT 0 VAT
bN RULLINU NOW

“EA R LY Bl Kl)” CLASSES

' For July LSA'I’

& Summer Classes for Fall MCA'l'

Ou/ broad range or programs prov/doe an umbrella or last-

Ing know-how that enable. us In alter the bent proplratlon

available, no matter wh/cli couru Is taken. Over 88 your:

at experience and success. Small ciao-on. Voluminoua
home study materials. Courses that are constantly u -
dated. Permanent contera open days. ovanlnoo A woo -
ends all year. Complete tape facilities lor review oi elaati

lessons and for use at supplementary materials. Make-up!
lor missed lessons at our centers.

DICAL 8i DENTAL BOARDS

oxlblo Prom-mo I Hour.

NAT'L ME
Ft

Perhaps his success in the classroom is a
result ol his experience on tile concert
stage. He combines the depth ofa musical
scholar with the \itality of a perfortncr.
and the result is a lecture exciting for both
its insight atul its incandescence.
l’rolcssor Randy lzllis‘ importance to
the department and to the university is
multi-iacctetl indeed. lo let him go is to
lose a great teacher. a superb performer.
and all ti'i'cplacablc oboe instructor.
('Icariy. atyrticiitijitistice ' endonein

 

' tiring one 'ot the most piipiiliir members

at the music department taculty. lhe
Administration. toggling lines [job
positions) purely on budgetary grounds.
has ironically rid itself iiol of excess
baggage bill oi an invaluablc
teacher pci'lornicr. liic machinery can.
liotvctcr. be reversed If enough student
concern is aroused. We appeal to you not
itll‘ help in rectifyinganinjustice against a
single man: rather. he ask your help to
pl't.‘\L'lll the lilHL‘tNil) lrom comitting an
injustice against itscll.
llie authors iniitc all readers to
participate iii the campaign for Mr. lillis‘
reinstatement by uritiiig a bricl letter to
Dean Douglas Alc\aitdcr oi the
Humanities Department. or by stopping
at his ollice and e\prcssiiigthcir concern
personally Address all letters to:
Dean Douglas Alexander
l)i\ision oi Humanities
llli l|7
('aniptis Mail

i

  
 
  
  
   

G 0 FLEX

 

. , may" .......... “211...”...
Complete Medical School Guidance and Advisory SerVice "gm ~   +1
FREE CONSULEATLONS To A3LL OUR STUDENTS \  imwm Ioucliriomit‘ ccursiitro
AL :( 16) 33 -5035 v .
in Albany Call: 465-8131 Ask for Steve.  nﬂﬁﬁig‘iﬁm'"
L SPECIALISTI WE rm J
MAY 10, 1977 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 
 

.Ju‘J

.53..

.1.

 

.,-— ~w,».:_,-.»«».’_< 5,... A ._. as“-.. .

 

 

 

