  
  
 
   
  
  

 
 
 
 
  

  
  

 

V-Cr
. . :4:

“a

 

 

 

 

r
l

.4. at. tin-M..- ......-_‘ 4. _ .

' as;

_ tracing 'my‘family history. I I

I plunged ipto my new'prriject’withttit-‘Z
' heralded enthusiasm.'and Was able to' trace my? -
‘ genealogy back afew hundredyears to a Euro- .

another of

' . the Windjhrainklyggl don'jt’givteadamn. idtd.
' sides-tit.

 

  

however. become intrigued .with th

   

pean descendant on my father's side. H is name"

' was Commacazi Goldinsinltie. and he was in

the entertainment industry. As a matter 'of
fact, he was probably the first stand-up Polish
comedian. He sat down in his later years. when
he wasn‘t able to stand anymore. Uncle Com-
macazi often told his humorous anecdotes
before live Polish audiences. As a result he
spoke twice as loud.

Encouraged by my initial success with Un» -
cle Commacazi. I was more curious than ever ~

to ﬁnd out when my ancestors first came to the
United States. To mysurprise. l uncovered an
important document which conclusively prov-
ed that in I492. one of my ancestors made the.
voyage to American with Christopher Colum-
bus. At that time the ocean was blue. My great
great great cousin. Antonio Goldaluchie.‘ was
one ofthe few men ofhis day whoalso thought
the world was round—especially after Chris
showed him rtnegg. Antonio waschosen toac-
company Columbus on his trip. He and a few
of the other sailors came to believe in Colum—
bus‘ ideals. with a growing respect. They
became Chris' devoted followers and Were
soon known asihe Knights of Columbus. An-
tonio accompanied Columbus on several
other voyages. Although they tried lodiscovcr
India. Columbus kept findingAntcrica. Final~
ly he returned to Spain to die. Cousin Tony
got very seasick and stayed behind in the New
Land.

Witlt my family's "roots" firmly planted. I
managed to uncover some information about
my ancestors—George

Washington Goldinson. His friends called him

'George Washington. He was named after one
of the more prominent politicians of his day.
Things were pretty hectic then. what with the
revolution and everything. and old George
found refuge in a bottle at the local tavern.
Usually. George was in no condition to ride
the lamily horse back home. so friendly
colonists in the neighborhood let George sleep
it all in their spare bedroom for the night. A
very popular joke at that time was to tell
everyone that George Washington slept here.
The Revolution finally broke out. and George
signed up in a minute. From that day forth.
George was known as a Minute Man. Aunt
Martha swears it took old George longer. but
the fact that he was also called the “Father of
Our Country" should be proofenough for any
skeptic. ‘

All this time the population was growing.
People were getting larger. Crowded con-
ditions on the East Coastwthe East Side. were
becoming intolerable. The population con-
tinued to grow. and before too long many
farmers decided to go West. Once they heard
about the fertile lands in the West, they
shouldered their hoes and set forth, shouting
their stirring cry. "Westward Hoes". My
ancestors. always anxious to travel. packed all
the family belongings into a covered wagon
and joined up with a bunch of other wagons.

:: tomato,  .,  ,
. . “He discovered -it- ativtlte. bottom: 'of' wells. Oil '

 

  

.. refined.

 

 
  
 

“Grouse taggegmgw”
o} meilﬁlgﬁygsvgw ’ V
9‘ holder‘s

   
     
 
 

was' crude. ;ih';.thlose "days: but' so was

boldefeller.‘ Nowbboth'Lare'considered quite

 

After uncovering piles of information on
my ancestors. l was a little shocked when my
work came to an abrupt‘halt. There was a
significant “gap” in my research, arid try as I
might. I couldn‘t come up with any tangible
results. The only evidence I managed to dig up
was that some lady named l’at married a very
distant cousin of mine. several times removed.
His name was Richard Millstone Goldstone.
and after their marriage all records. and tapes.
of my family's genealogy disappeared. I also
found a picture of Millstone accepting the
“Checkers Champ" award in Atlantic City.
Talk about. your black sheep. .

While this great nation continued to grow.
my ancestors continued to produce more
ancestors. The twentieth century came upon
us with what was known as the “Roaring
Twenties“. It was very noisy ba'ck in those
days. business was booming, the stock market
was crashing. and racketeers were making a
racket. Suddenly. one dark day known as
Black Tuesday. the stock market collapsed.
After this unfortunate occurrence everything
was quieter. The Roaring Twenties died to a
whimper.

The fall of the stock market caused a great
depression rigltt in the middle of Wall Street.
What was so great about it. ['11 never know. A
couple of wars catne and went. one of which
Archie Bunker called “The Big One". About
this time my grandfather decided to move.
along with his new bride. into a small apart—
ment in the Bronx. 1 must inform you thattltis
is pronounced Hron-Ex. They lived around
l7lst Street. right off the Grand Concourse.
No one ever lived on the Grand Concourse.
Everyone from the Bron-Ex lives somewhere
0}] the Grand Concourse. My grandfather.
Louis Hartmuyerowskiuchie (whose name
was shortened to Hartman by a US. Customs
official) worked very hard to support his
young wife and two infant daughters. The
eldest daughter was to become my mother.

My mother-to-be fell in love with a hand-
some young man. jttst ottt of the Navy. who
had a very promising career ahead ol'him. Un-
fortunately, something clse happened. She
married Sidney Goldinger. and in I955 gaVe
birth to a beautiful six and one-half pound
baby boy. The baby was me. _

Having heard stories about my family from
my parents and grandparents. I decided that
some day I would trace my family history and
write the whole story for everyone to read. The
research took me twenty-seven years. I'm only
twenty-one. so believe me. it wasn‘t easy.

Since the publication of my story. We
gotten phone calls from all the major networks
indicating that my family‘s history would
make a terrific mini-series for television. My
agent and lare in the process ofconsideringall
the available alternatives. After all. I wouldn‘t
want to sell my ancestors short. A movie
studio called the other day and said they were
interested in doing a motion picture about my
family. The title? Of course. it will be “Gold-
finger".

. 7 counselor.'l thensa u n
" the secretary in the ofﬁce and start discussing

 

 

‘ _ . ttid,(is'th_'e way t it
turner: approaching tum:
prototme " '

 
 

visit‘t‘o; my

     
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
  

I

the patientyTlte two'iVere laughing together; If '~

. this is the general policy oftlie counseling set-H  ‘

vice at Alba'ny,-l ant disnt'ayed.,disgus_ted.-and
cynical about any further dealings with them. I
hope that the mind Psychological-Cotins‘eh
ing will look into this matter carefully.

Annette Dorsky '

stand up and
be heard

To the'Editor:

On Sunday. March 6. the budget committee
of Central Council held a meeting. Included
on the agenda was a decision pertaining to the
quadrangle budgets for the upcoming year.

All quad board executives were inVited. to the _

meeting.

I was appalled by the way in which this
meeting was conducted. Apparently. the
committee had met prior to this meeting and
had put together a proposal. or shall I say a
decision; as to how much money each Quad
would receive next year. The allocations for
State. Dutch and Colonial quads were cut by
$l300 per quad. It was my feeling that this
committee had no intention ofchanging their
proposed allocations. In addition. many of us
wasted our time trying to convince them that
the quad residents needed at least the same
amount of money as was allocated this year.
The committee felt the quads had received too
much, money this year. and as a result. cut the
budgets. Until this year the quads had received
much less money. They were. however. able to
supplement their budgets with the sale ofquad
cards. Last year'. Central Council made a deci-

ksion to eliminate the sale of quad cards. It was

assign-at.“
"chol gtcal

v  r _‘  Thus, the quads were
 morc' moit'ey this year. The budget
 feels", that if they reduce the
lldcutidnltlte quad! should charge more for
hei ’- I order'to make upthe difference.
This'in'to't'at  lfthe committee is con-
earned about students being ripped off. why
’re‘thc‘yasking us to do it next year?
' ' ' proximately 5.600 tuxprtying
used- onvcampus. A substantial
' o he'irj'ta'x money should he used in
tires where-they spend the most time. Stand
or your'rights and protest. The budget
proposalmhas yet to be bt ought before Central
Council- his time something was done about
this. ”

  

  
   
     
  

  
 
 
  

Robtn l’lall
President
State Quad Hoard

good to the
last map

To the Editor:

There has been much talk about \llltit‘lll
organizations not Working to bertel'tl \llltlL’nh
The primary objective of the Food Sct ‘. lL't.‘ All»
visory Board is to work for students Hurcottt-
mittee is comprised of one student It not elicit
quad. one Central Council Represenltltnt’.
and administrative personnel of l is
_ One of our recent projects \\.I\ llle
recommendation that meal plttn tll.lllllL'\ be
available during drop/add week \llltlents
who Change their class schedule utll ll£l\t‘ t’lll
opportunity to obtain a meal pltlll lllzll \\ll| ht-
most appropriate. A second recommendation
to UAS was the creation of :t llt:\\ |||L'.tl p|.ttt
Under this plan students could llll\t‘ t llL' t‘llt'lﬂ.‘
between a hot 'or continental hrettltmt llu
need for this change was driilllilll/Ltl In “it
results of the food survey our CtllTlllltllt‘t‘ tll\'
tributed late last semester.

The Food Service Advisor) lltntttl. \Ptlll-

"5'0er by CentralCouncil. is also Ill the print“

of organizing a coffee boycott. As .t tt-sttlt .tt
soaring coffee prices. we have dL'Clllt'tl to ltllll
other universities and organi/rtttoto I” .l hum
'of protest. This would not beat l)[1|t tl plnlcsl.
but rather a protest in whiCh all members of
the university community could tutc out
It‘s very simple. Don‘t drittk eull . t-t the

cut down on your C(lnslllllplltlll t toilet-
Remembcr Mrs. Horowit/ lCllL'lllllt. not the
law of supply (Im/ dammit] Ill lttlllttltllﬂ

  

 

 

‘  _ The”. 7   ' "
 p-School‘Of Public Affairs
is rapidly attaining a
stature belying its size.
The growth has nOt been

without problems, yet

 

 

   
 

’tt

 

mi kv"

\Kflh'

~‘ ttJll

 

 

it has been for the better.

 

 

 

 

 

 

See page 3A. .

 

 

 

 

 

 

l
/ .l l

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

I LOVE? OF

 

IN (OAT
q

QfﬂE‘TW?
\

 

COUR55
0th
l

MOT
V0029 .

 

 

t?-
'L.
r24
l ‘ j

UT 6w
.5 'r at)
AMVMOEE,

l RléHT7
l

a .

 

am; ‘1”. 3-;

 

 

 

FEI 1

l T 
£25 TnxlSAWS.
REAL .' \

f

it .

The celebration of the Year of the Snakegcha

 

rmed all.
See Page 7A. 7 j 

 

