 

.z-v ' .
mow-aw

um...”- c "m...

.paw... mm

-.....‘.....«..,.,.

 

Hum-.-

 

Geothermalener‘ , Don Turcdtte,.CornelI.
' ﬁniversity:

" Monday Nov. 14, 8 pm. LC 23

m .Toltomat Solution to Controlled Fusion
Francis Perkins, lasma Physics
Laboratory, Princeton
Tuesday Nov. IS 8. pm. LC 23

Free Adrnissi'on - Everyone Welcome
Sponsored by the Society of Physics Students
funded‘by student mortalton!‘

MOVIE-SIZE TV
Come see our giant Vidacbeorn color TV. It's four by
six feet and it's free. So taste one of our delicious rnenu
specialties, sip on your favorite drink and watch it all
hdppen . . . life-sized.
This week:

IMMM

Open 5 PM Thanksgiving Day

 

 

 

Schenectady
told state Siren
1-8730

 

Lat
lalham Corner Shopping Center
705-”57

OlillD

YEMEN-“ill” seflet‘; § 

 

 

 

..
.- 0'. es

Atongtirneagohegelexyjarferlwey.

Voor's lost
‘llai word has biau ht tun boeti
lo the movlet
demonstrated may still can
make 'em like in and to.
A grand and glorious ‘ltlm “
ma
21st weekl

7:00. 0:30

Diane Keaton In

LOOKING FOR MR. GOODBAR
7:10, 10:00 (R)

6:00. 8:00
10:00

on Innocent younaman
in n Ian

 

 

 

 

6:30. 0:60. 11:00

E ..

PAGE TWO

'WASHINGTON (AP) President
Carter's chief health assistant said
Thursday that programs intended
to stop smoking are not working and
that the government should help
develop a safe cigarette.

“No matter how much we may
favor the prohibition of tobacco
products. we are 300 years too late."
said Dr. Peter Bourne, special assis-
tant to the president for mental
health and drug abuse.

“Many people who honestly do
not want to smoke eigareetes cannot
a.” Boume told the anti-cigarette
'American Cancer Society. “To
them, smoking isa relaxing. tranquil
'e—xperience which gives them
pleasureand relief at times of stress."

In a later statement, a tobacco in-
dustry official praised Bourne's com-
nicnts as an "appeal for reason in a
controversy clouded in emotions
and politics.

"Dr. Bourne‘s remarks appear to
be the most objective from a high
government source since the current
controversy began nearly l4 years
ago." said Joseph E. Edens, chair-
man of the executive committee of
the Tobacco Institute.

Forum to Discuss
Newspaper Chains

Doesthe increasing concentration
of ownership of the news media
threaten the quality of the jour-
nalism we read? The question ofthe
implications of chain ownership of
the press will be the topic of ajour-
nalism forum Monday night at 8:|5
in Lecture Center 23.

Speakers include the editor of the
Columbia Journalism Review,
James Boylan; President of the
Newspaper Guild. Charles Perlik;
Vice President of Ottaway
Newspapers. Charles King; SUNYA
Political Science professor Bernard
Johnpoll. SUNYA Professor ol
Economies. Alfred Arterburn; and
managing editor of the Times
Record, Frank Dobisky. The
Moderator will be the SUNYAjour-
nalism program director. William
Rowley,

The free event will be sponsored
by the SUNYAjournalism program.
the Graduate School of Public Af-
fairs. and The Empire State Society
of Professional Journalists, Sigma
Delta Chi.

Correction

An article in last week's ASI’ in-
correctly identified English Depart-
ment faculty member Sarah Cohen
as an Assistant Professor. Cohen
holds the rank of Associate
Professor in the department.

 

ASP

NEWS
REPORTERS:
MEETING
SUNDAY
at 7:00 pm
in CC 329

PLEASE
ATTEND

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Shots Fired at Detroit School Bus

DETROIT (AP) Shots were ﬁred at a moving school has today and three
children were slightly injured by ﬂying glass. police said. Two teenagers were
taken into custody. and one of them was held. Theinjured children. all inthe
middle grades at Boynton Elementary Schools. were taken to nearby
hospitals and had their eyes washed out, according to a school. secretary.
Police said they Were holding a l4-year-old boy for juvenile authorities. A 16-
year-old boy was also taken into custody but was later released. Their names
or the schools they attendedwere not disclosed. Earlier, the princrpal said
students had been able to identify the attackers.

What You Know Can Hurt You

NEW YORK. N.Y.(AP) Too smart to get an apartment? It may seem hard to
believe. but that could be the casein New York City where a judge has ruled
that a landlord can discriminate against “intelligent persons. aware of their
rights. who may give him trouble in the future.“ The judge also said a
landlord could use occupation as a basis for dectding whom to rent to. lhc
ruling drew comments of "absurd.”“ridieulous“ and “caprictous from most
of the housing experts around the nation. Ed Holmgren of the ‘Nﬂll’tliliti
Committee Against Discrimination ofHousinginWashtngto‘n.  said he
had never heard of such a case. “To suggest thatthis form of discrimination Is
legal is capricious and arbitrary,“ he said.

Murdering Mother Seeks Custody of Other Children
ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) Gloria Cusano. a North Babylon mother who killed
one of her children and is now involved in u custodyf'tght overthe Oihcrlutt.
won a victory in the state's highest coun Wednesday. But it may be short-
lived. The Court of Appeals overturned a middle-level appeals court which
had ruled that custody of Mrs. Cusano‘s children would have to be given to
their paternal grandfather. and ordered a new bearing in the case. Mrs.
Cusano. 36. is seeking an order giving custody ofthe children to her parents.
with whom she wants to live and participate in the children‘s upbringing.
Mrs. Cusano strangled and smothered herson Frank on Nov. 2]. 1972. and
was confined to a mental institution for four months after pleading guilty to
second-degree manslaughter.

Israel Regrets, Yet Defends Wednesday’s Attack
JERUSALEM (AP) Israel expressed regret Thursday for civilian casualties
in its reprisal raid on southern Lebanon but still defended the operation. it
also welcomed Egyptian movement toward peace talks. In Washington.
President Carter declined to condemn Israel. telling a news conference. 
the provocation was absent. the retaliation would have been unnecessary'
CarterTaid. “The bloodshed in my opinion will not be stopped until the
nations are willing to negotiate.“ adding that the Mideast “is teeteringth
another outbreak of violence.“ Prime Minister Menahem Begin. discussing
the heavy civilian toll among the more than 100 dead and ISO injured in
Israel’s bombing and straﬁng raid Wednesday, told reporters. “we regret it
very deeply."

Justice Department Has Stake in Beet House
WASHINGTON (AP) The Justice Department is keeping a close eye these
days on a go—gojoint with four topless dancers. It‘s got a piece ofthe action
The department has acquired a financial stake in the success of the "Lotti:
Star Beef House.“ a bar that caters to the downtown lttnch crowd. and hopes.
to seize ownership and sell it to recover money allegedly embezzled from the
government. One department official reported after it lunch-time Vlbll that
the dancers are indeed eye-catching. but the food leaves much to be desired.
And the rock music from thejuke box. he said, “is loud enough to blowtlic
hamburger off your plate." lfthe department wins the suit. the bar would he
put up for sale at public auction.

New Cornell President Confronted by Protesters
ITHACA,‘N.Y. (AP) Frank H.T. Rhodes wasinstalled as tltc ninth president
of Cornell University Thursday amid pomp. academic ceremony itllti a
student protest over rising tuition costs. About 75 students carrying signs
condemning a tuition boost and the university's decision to freeze sonic
tuition aid marched single file out ofthe auditorium during Rhode’s spcccli.
At the close of his prepared remarks. the new president acknowledged the
protest and said the university currently had SlO million in ﬁnancial aid
programs. Cornell has announced plans to raise tuition. now $4.400 a year.
by 9 to 10 per cent.

Court Rules No Refund for Lost Tlckets

ALBANY, NY. (AP) A sports fan who objected to having to pay a second
time after losing his season ticket had his attempt to get his money brick
rebuffed Thursday by the state's highest court. The Court of Appeals
unanimously ruled that Stuart Sloame “and all others similarly siturrtcd."
were not entitled to refunds. The decision. which was made willmlll
comment. upheld a lower court dismissal of Sloame‘s complaint. Sloame lirid
season tickets to all the New York Rangers games played at MtttilSOn Squat c
Garden. He lost one of the tickets, but the management offered to sell him
another one» allowing him to occupy his regular seat unless someone else
claimed it—and give him a refund should he ever ﬁnd the allegedly "lost"
ticket.

NOVEMBER 11, 1977

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

’StiidéntsProtest Food Quality ‘

by John Moran

About 50 students held a
demonstration in the State Quad
dining hall Wednesday to show their
dissatisfaction with campus food
service. They handed out leaﬂets. hit
glasses and silverware on the tables.
and chanted “we deserve better."

Onc of the organizers of the
demonstration. Jimmy Vilaidi, ac-
companicd State Quad Food Service
Committee co-chairman Bill Pape
around the room after the
demonstration to hear complaints
and questions from the crowd.

Among the complaints received
were that the food was of low quali-
ty. cold. and not fresh. One student
said. “i found a bugin my lettuce last
week. a live. crawling bug."

The student said she hadn't made
a complaint after the incident.

Pape said students don‘t voice
their complaints about the food. and
don't come to the weekly food ser-
vice meetings. He said he hadn't
heard complaints about bugs until
the demonstration.

Students who organized the
protest pointed out that Pape got

more response as a result of the
protest than he had all year.

The protest organizers said they
had taken a‘ random telephone sam-
ple of all SUNYA students to dis-
cover the most common complaints.

The job of the food service com-
mittee is to get the students‘ com-
plaints and try to change things ac-
cording to Papa. He admitted that
not enough people know that the
food service exists.

Letters have been sent to get a
representative from every dorm to
attend the food service meetings. he
said.

There are weekly meetings on
Thursdays with the chairman of the
food service committee of State
Quad. Allen Fein,'on the I2th ﬂoor
of Eastman Towerat 8:30 p. m. in the
lounge. State Quad residents can
present their complaints at these
meetings.

The last time these meetings were
held. only two or three students
attended. Pape said.

Assistant Food Director of the
Commisary Tony Di Virgilio met
with two of the protest organizers

UPS/5CD" AREMAN

According to General Manager E. Norbert Zahm. UAS may raise
board rates to make up for some of the projected dellclt.

SUN YA Awarded Grant
For Gerontology Center

by Matthew Cox

The School ofSocial Welfare‘s ln-
stilute on Gerontology has been
granted $58,000 by the federal
government to expand its current ac-
tivities to a twenty county area.

The institute currently coor-
dinates research on the aging at
SUNYA. and works with local
government agencies to stimulate
research and programs on problems
that affect the elderly.

“The grant will enable us to res-
pond to the need for it coordinated
institute on the aging in a more corti-
prchensive and efficient manner."
Dr. Susan Sherman. the institute‘s
director. said.

The institute previously received
all its lttttdtiig lrtim SUNYA. and
one of Its main objectives has been to
work with faculty doing research in
various disciplines on campus.

Slii-rinrin stud the grant will help
tltc institute to work closer with
othcr agencies and educational tn—
stitutions itt tltc Albany area.

Over 40 faculty iiiciiihcrsoucttm—
pus have been identified as havingan
interest In research related togcron~
trilogy, Sherman said.

"i‘iIL‘tllly interest in the aging has

previously been loosely connected.“
Sherman said. "The institute is not a
separate entity. What we‘re trying to
do is build on the activities that
already exist in other departments
and schools." she said.

The institute‘s goals ittclude coor-
dinating the efforts of doctoral
students in different departments in
gerontology-related studies. Both
Sherman and Assistant Director
Evelyn Newman have been working
to link the efforts of researchers here
and on other campuses. site said.

“With this new funding. we hope
to be able to also build tip links witlt
other institutions." Sherman said.

The funds are specifically slated
lrir developing programs. Sherman
stud. and can‘t be used directly for
training or i'csczttch.

(icrotitolrigy»re|:itctl research
currently going on at SUNYA iri-
clutlcs studies Ill rill ol the colleges,
Sherman said. She citctl studies on
nutrition. crime. sexuality and iii-
crttcerution tltat dealt specifically
iirtli how the elderly ate affected.

llterc are over ,It)(l.0(l0 people
aged (ill and over iii the Ell-county
area tltc institute will be serving.
Slicrruriii said.

the day after the demonstration to
discussthc problem. Di Virgilio said.
"we have to have feedback from the
students. Many don‘t know about
the food service committees.”

According to Di Virgilio. every
complaint is reviewed by com-
missary staff. He added that there is
“nonstant patrolling" of the kitchens
by Di Virgilio himself or someone
else from the Commissary:

'We have no ﬁxed time. They
.n't know when we're coming," Di
“lilio said. Di Virgilio said that
after a complaint from State Quad.
wormy lettuce that had been grown
in New Jersey was removed int-
mediately. Now thequads use lettuce
from western states. he said.

The chief chef of State Quad. Jim
Tarullo. said he hasn't heard any
complaints from students and thinks
the food is excellent for serving so
many.

Ttirullo said the food is hot when
it's put on the serving line. rind
should be [60 degrees or lie will take
it off. The small amount of food

” t? 
"it

.\

UNIVERSII N010 SERVICE

which is left over is rcitctllcd tlnd The quality~ol UAS caleterletood wasthe subject olademonalretlon
held by 50 students on State Quad yesterday.

served again. he said.

UAS May Increase Board Rates

by Mitchell Drsch

The Board of Directors of UAS
must soon decide whether or not to
raise board rates for “year. ac-
cording to General Manager E.
Norbert Zahm.

UAS faces a projected deficit for
fiscal year 1978 which ends June 30.
I978 , and one possible response to
this deﬁcit. said Zahm. would be to
raise food contract rates.

“Any decisions." Zahm said. “will
have to be made by the end of
January so that food contracts can
be printed by next spring."

Zrihm added that no plans regar-
ding ncxt year's food contract prices
have yet been made.

UAS President Paul Feldman said
he is hopeful “that new sources of net
income can be raised this fiscal
year.“ making a contract hike uri-
necessary.

New projects which are not tic-
counted foriti current budget projec—
tions. such as Quad sub shops and
the Campus Center Deli. may make
tip for sortie of the projected deficit.
said licldtnan.

Ideas Investigated

In addition. I‘cldrntin said. tltal
“money making ideas and projects
shall litth to be developed." l‘cld-
mart declined to mention specific
ideas." rind said that “a nuntbcr of
ideas are being investigated.“

UAS is a not-for proﬁt corpora-
tion contracted by the “exclusive
supplier of all auxiliary services to
SUNYA, including food service.
bowling. ,billiards. barbershop.
amusements. check cashing.
washing machines and dryers. Ven—
ding, and a bookstore. accordingto
its Annual Report,

Food services. however. ac-
cotintcd for 95 percent of UAS
revenues and 54 perccitt of net in-
come last year. Since food services
make up such it large portion of U AS
business. it may be necessary to iri—
crease both contract rind cash food
prices in order to make up for this
years loss. according to Zahm.

NYPIRG Conducts Litter Survey

by B. W. Fox

Twenty SUNYA student
volunteers participated in alitter sur-
vey and clean-up drive in Albany last
Sunday.

The survey. sponsored by the
NYPIRG Board member Stuan
Gruskin.

Statistics released by NYPRIG
revealed that 51 percent of all litter
collected were bottles and cans.
NYPIRG also estimated that ap-
proximately 4.000 flip-tops were
picked up.

“Our survey indicates that if there
was a system of rcturnables in
Albany, a substantial amount ofthe
roadside litter in Albany would be
eliminated." said Ann Spencer.
NYPIRG project cooridinator.
Stuart (iruskin pointed out that the
return to deposit bottles in Oregon
cut highway litter there by 88 per-
cent. A State Senate estimate in-
dicates that similrar legislation irt
New York would reduce litter by (it)
percent. according to Uruskin.

“In addition to the decrease itt
solid waste. studies have shown that
there are also energy savings and
consumer savings with rcttrrntrblcs."
Said Spencer prevrously. the NYP-
IRG students had condtrctcd ii stir-
vcy which showed that beverages
sold in returnrrble containers cost an
proximately 60 less than dispos-
ables.

Last year. NYPIRG. in conjunc-

tion with UAS. sponsored a pilot
project of using returnable bottles in
the soda machines on State Quad.
The project was scrapped in March
because of the expense of buying ad-
ditional machines and of providing
storage space.

According to Gruskin. the group
is now going to try to get community
support for the bottle bill from
various community groups. In addi-
tion. plans are being made to lobby
for state logislature support as soon
as the legislature goes back in ses-
sion.

Opposition to this bill comes

it‘s the
real thing

mainly from the glass and bottle in-
dustries. who fear that such a
program would create unemploy-
ment. said Gruskin. However. he
maintains that jobs would not have
to belost. but instead.divcrtedto ﬁll
the needs of recycling and redis-
tribution.

Gruskin also argues that the
switch to returnables would con-
serve energy, since recycling old
containers requires less fuel than
manufacturing new ones.

The Albany survey is part of a
statewide NYPIRG effort to gain
support for the bottle bill.

Please Place
E t

HIS/NONI! JACOIS

l
The NYPIRG survey revealed that tttty-one per cent otthellttar picked

up In the clean-up drive last Sunday was bottles and cans.

 

NOVEMBER 11, 1977

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE THREE

 

