\.

—— "6.1;; . ._

 

 

 .7» ... .«s—amrvit-«mmmmmxnm

Today. in your very own galaxy. you can experience

the ultimate—The Sound—in a system for only $399.
Here. in the Land of Seiden. we triumph again in the
war on high prices. with one of the best values in today's
price-conscious world: the Harman/Kardon 330C stereo
receiver._Philips AH-475 two-way loudspeakers. and the
Garrard 440M automatic changer.

That's not just a great price — it‘s a great system. We
wouldn‘tsell it if it wasn't. And if you're just beginning
to get into The Sound. here are some of the reasons we
recommend this well-balanced system:

it has the technical excellence to satisfy an audio
engineer. but even an untrained ear can hear the quality
of sound.

The Harman/Kardon 330C is a model of functional
beauty. providing just the right combination of power.
features and price. With 20 watts RMS per channel from
20 to 20 kHz at 8 ohms and 0.5% THD. there's plenty of
clean power for impressive volume in a normal size
room. Wide band frequency response and low (0.3%)

lM distortion assure crisp musical transients at any
output level. Stereo FM reception is clean and full. with
a large. easy-to—read dial and signal strength meter to
simplify tuning. inputs and outputs with monitoring
facility are provided to attach a tape recorder. Extra

speakers and stereo headphones may also be added.

The Philips AH-475 speakers are here for their
excellent musical tone. and great efficiency match with
the 3800. They feature the well-known Philips 1" dome
tweeter. with clarity and detail in high frequency and
midrange respoi ise. The fine high end is complemented
by the smooth bass of the 8" woofer in the large. walnut-
grained enclosure. Philips has long been one of the most
popular hi-fi brands in Europe. and with the opening of
their US. plant. they bring the same quality of work-
manship and attention to detail the‘American market.

The Garrard 440M is a fully automatic turntable with
the ability to play from one to six records at a time The
tone arm tracks accurately with anti-skateadjustment
and damped cueing for minimum wear on your records.
A Pickering cartridge with elliptical diamond stylus is
factory mounted. This pcpular model has proven its
reliability over a period of years. Matching base and
hinged dustcover are included.

All together. a fine stereo music system for your home.
But come to your nearest Seiden Sound. and experience
it for yourself. Compare it with other systems. both more
and less expensive.

You‘ll p bably agree that our $399 system just might
be the t value in the galax

/

 

 

 

MORE WAYS TO ACHIEVE THE SOUND:

Harman/ Kardon HK-ZOOO— Stereo cassette
deck with Dolby circuitry. record and play-
back calibrations, peak reading meters. and
many other deluxe features. Last week.
$399This week. 8299. Next week. $399

Teac A-fSO—An excellent front loading
Dolbysized cassette deck with mic/line
mixing. peak reading LED and memory
rewind. Reg. $250. Sale $178.

Philips GA-437—An elegantly simple. belt-
drive single play turntable with automatic
shut-off and floating sub-chassis. Complete
with base. hinged dustcover and Empire
cartridge. Sale $119.95.

SEIDENSOUND

People listen to us.

95 Central Ave. Albany 462-9501 Northway Mall, Colonic 459-7650 Latham Corners Shopping Cntr.. Latham 788-9301

141 Erie Blvd. Scnenectady 346-611 1

Norfhway Plaza Shopping Cntr.. Glens Falls 792-9992 42 Summer Street. Pittalield 499-1420

 

 

 

«Tr-em. was

 

 

Students notations; Proposal" H

by Jill Haber
and Mike Purim-n

The Student Unionization Move-
mctit and the CSEA protested the
proposed CD'I'A takeover of
SUNYA‘s bus service using tactics
which included an early morning
press conference. a “Lunch-In“
honoring SUNYA bus drivers. and
an afternoon phone-in tying up ad-
ministration litics.

In a press conference conducted
by the administration. iti responscto
the protests. Vice President of
Business and Financhohn Hartigtin
said that thc SUNYA proposal to in-
clude some crosstown service was an
"essential provision" of the contract
and that it is a possiblity the
negotiations with CD'I‘A might
come to a lialt because ofthisissttc.

At 9 am. reporters front the news
media met with about IS members of
SUM at the Alumni Quad bus stop
on the corner of Partridge and
Western Aves. as overcrowded
SUNYA buses went by and extra
CDTA buses circled the block. A
police vati was stationed across the
street in the event of any trottblc.

Rumor had spread that students

would try tojttm into CDTA buses
as part ofthcir protest. C DTA Ex-
ccutivc Director Robert Mani. said
the extra buses. all labeled "garage."
were evidence of “good planning“ in
the event of emergencies. “It‘s keep-
ing people on their toes.“ he said.
SA President Dave Gold and
SUM officials passed out leaﬂets
stating SUM's position while speak-
ing to reporters. The SUM position
stated that service will dctcriortitc if
CDTA takes over because of over-
crowding particularly at ruslt hours.
bottlciiccking because of “time con-
suming checks ofstudcnt lD‘s.“ that
(‘l)'l A buses won‘t wait for students
like SUNYA buses do. and the fact
that CD'l'A has had a “less than
satisfactory record“ in the past.
“These tactics are intermediate."
said Gold. “We want to give the Uri-
ivcrsity a chance to respotid."
Gold denied the rumor that SUM
had planned to ovcrcrowd CDTA
buscs. “It‘s absolutely false" he said.
“We don't watit to antagonize the
community. We want to reach otit to
the community."
President of the (‘SlZA local
representing SUNYA bus drivers

Mary Jarocki was also on hand with
two bus drivers who were passing
out CSEA leaﬂets.

“The public doesn‘t realize the im-
pact when students and public ride
the buses. ll‘it wasn't for mismanage~
merit of CD'l‘A. DOB Wouldn‘t be
pushing. it‘ll be too late to do
anything about it once it happens.“
.larocki said.

Vice President ofOpcrational Scr-
vicc and bus driver (‘harlcs Knox
had petitions he said had over l0.f}fl()
student signatures opposing (.'[)l A.

A SUM plan to have bits drivers
check student identifications to
dramatirc what would happen if
Cl)'l'A ran the student shuttle was
foilcd when Plant Manager l’rank
Kopf. under the direction of |lar~
tigan. told the drivers to conduct
“business as usual."

According to one SUNYA bus
driver. temporary drivers were told
they would be dismissed if they
checked IDs and permanent drivers
would have letters placed in their
files regarding their conduct.

According to Kopf. the order of
“business as usual" originated iii his
office. “I don‘t want to hurt the ma-

A student gets his identification card checked by I SUM offlgdl‘dtdng

SASS

a day-long protest against the proposed CDTA takeover.

jority of students over an issue. We
know buscs Would bcslowcd down if
drivers checked ll)s. ll just sccms
ridiculous to me.“

Kopl' denied that anyone was
threatened with suspension for

Comprehensive Legal Services Report Released

by Thomas Martello

A comprehensive legal services
program for SUNYA students was
released yesterday iii a report by the
SA 'lask Force on Legal Services.

The program includes the hiring
of a full time attorney for largely
consultivc and educational services
and retaining the firm of Roscnblum
and chcntlial as part-time litigation
attorneys. Roscnbluni and
chcnthal had held the lull SA legal
services retainer for the past six
years.

The total cost of the program will
$l5.000 for the year: $5.000 for
Rosenblttm and |.cvcnthal arid till).-
000 for the full time attorney. Jack
Lcstcr ol' Hashing. The Task Force
will present the final report to (‘en-
tral Council Wednesday night for
approval.

Lcstcr is a graduate of SUC at
New l’altl. and New York Law
School and is awaiting word on
whether he has passed the New York
State liar lixatn.

| cstcr's duties will consist ofcoii-
sultution and advice. Educa-
tion and what the Task
force calls "proactive" involvement.
"l’roactiic" invohcnicnl includes
the itoikiiig on issues viliich t'cach
bettind individual cases litit may he
the root cause til student problems.
such as the enforcement of city
housing coch and the changing of
inter election laws.

Lcstcr will i)t.'ll lull-tinic attorney
tor students and will have an office
on campus as well as 24 liottr plioitc
ziitnlability. according to the Task
force rcport.

He Will not be expected to repre-
sent students in court. l'lial wil be
the job at Roscnblum and
chciitliiil. who. according to the
retainer agreement. will be providing
"l-ull representation of the Associti~
tion and its affiliated groups in all
litigation whether they are plaintiffs
or ilcteitdaiitii."

the extent of legal representation
will include representation at the lil-
itnil arrest proceedings. and coni-
plclc representation through trials

for all sttidctits charged with mis-
demeanors. class E felonies. drug
related offences and traffic
violations where students license is
in jeopardy. This will not include
appeals. The representation also lil-
cludcs civil cases such as landlord-
lciiiiant and consumer disputes.

Two other key proposals by the
ralegal advisors for Off Campus
Students and tlic creation of a stu-
dent intern program. According to
the report. the paralegals will work
in conjunction with Off Campus
Association and will deal specifically
with the problems of off campus
students.

The student intern program will
have studcnts I'cccivitig "firsthand
training in various areas of law and
will receive academic credit in ex—
change. . . " liotli of these
programs will be under the direction
of Lester.

“I fell wc liavc covcrcd all of the
bases." said 'l'ask l'orcc chairman

r

The SA Talk Force on Legal Service
released It: final report outlining the details of a new legal program.

l’attl Fcldman. “We‘ll now have a
program that will have students iii-
volvcd.“

Fcldman said that one of tlic im~
mediate goals'ot'tlic program will be
to create a student awareness of the
legal services. “We have developed a
program which doesn‘t dcal with in-
dividual lawyers or law firms. but
has an actual structure. ltsstructurc
can stand by itself."

'I ask force member liryaii
llol/hcrg said that the new program
gives legal services “a sense of
spectllcity ll anything else. For six
years. SA was sliclling out $Il).tltl()
for legal services which were never
dclincd. lliings are now conimiltcd
to paper. What we had before was
merely a retainer. not a legal scriices
program."

lhc selection of Lestcr as the in—
house attorney came about after the
task force had narrowed the cart-
didatcs to five individual lawyers.
and interviews were held in which

I " ’3.

' ’ tin/on - A
I, cholrod by Paul Foldmln.

extensive questions were put to the
candidates. After this. a vote was
taken and Lester came ottt on top.

The fact that Lester has just
recently taken the bar exam and thc
possiblility of him not passing the
exam could present potential
problems.

“We‘ve come tip \iitli the best of a
mediocre lot." said llol/bcrg. “But a
mcdiocrc lot is all we could expect
willi the money we \vcrc offering. I
would pi cl'cr somconc who has been
admitted to the bar. hilt frankly
lawyers with jobs will not apply for
something that is low payitig such as
this. We were Willing to takc a grim»
hlc and we‘ve conic tip with a
satisfactory clioicc.“

lhc agreement With Lester is
“contingcnt upon maintaining good
legal standing in the State of New
York and is subject to review follow-
ing passing lhc State liar lixam with
a I97 admittance to the bar."

I‘cldnian said that if Lcstcrdid not
pass lhc bar exam. at "rcconvcning of
some sort“ of the task lorcc would
occur. “llc‘ll stay with us until we
lotiiid ll replacement if that oc-
currcd." said l'clditian.

l‘cldman added that lcstcr was
familiar with lhc SllNY system and
its prohlcnts and “sees grciit poten-
tial for this program."

lhc selection of Rosciihluiii and
l.C\L'llllltll cainc aftcr attorney l)aic
Rudolph had accepted terms in art
ollcr by the lask Force. According
to llol/bcrg. “councstcs had to be
cxtcndcd to Rosenblum and
chcntlial to nitilcli the final offer."
lhc law firm matched the offer. and
went oii to better it.

“We received a proposal and we
altered the retainer to make it best
for otir clients." said attorney Linda
chcntlial. "We made added
suggestions."

Task Force members have said
that the law firm could have lost
prestige iii the area had it lost the SA
retainer.

Leventlial said that the SA
retainer was always an important

cam/mm! on page .i‘l'x

checking IDs. but said that a letter
added to driver‘s files "would be a
possibility."

SUM officials then conducted an
ll) check ofthcir own.

Kopf denied rumors that extra
buses had been scheduled dtiring the
downtown press conference. Buses
running at precise intervals had
caused speculation that administra-
tion had ordered extra buses to ac-
comodatc any atlcnipl to crowd the
buses.

Shortly thereafter. ll press con-
lcrcncc«:cxplaining lhc tad-
ttiinistrttlion's views ivus held in
SUN YA acting l’rcsidcnt Vincent
()‘lcilt'y's office.

In a bricfstatcmcnt. Htirtigiinsaid
that a proposal to include Zone ()nc
scrvicc frcc lor students was a major
issue in the negotiations of tlic cori-
tract. Zone oitc includes all service

'witliin a live mile radius of down-

town Albany including some
crosstowii scrvicc.

I-lartigan said that if Cl)l'A did
not accept the contract in its critircty.
the contract could conceivably be
terminated. However. he wouldn‘t
confirm whether a (‘l)'l'A rejection
ofthc Zonc one proposal would cnd
negotiations or not.

(‘D'I'A Executive Director Robert
Man/ had said at the early morning
press conference that “It‘s hard for
SUNYA to talk to (‘D'l'A about
Zone Onc-wc didn‘t take it out ofthe
contract in the first place."

In the original contract proposal.
(‘D'l'A had ol'fcrcd frcc Ionc one ser-
vice to students. l'liis ’provision was
subsequently rejected by DOB and
SUNYA htit has been reintroduced
by SliNYA in the currently revised
conll‘tlcl.

When asked of llic future of the
SllNYA bus drivers. llartigan said.

continued on page rwo

 

INDEX
ASPects  
Bralnes.......
Classified
Editorial.
Letters.....
Movie Timetable
News 
Newabrlefa....

Preview
Sports 
Zodiac News



Legal Services
no pages Ba-Ta

 

 

 

 

