 
 

 

 

 

 

    
   
    
   
   
   
  
      
     

‘ By MICHAEL P, FRIED
Although a play usually tells a story.
“the medium of drama," as Ezra Pound
termed it, “is not words but persons
moving about on the stage using words."
And last night. the words that were used
were those of Arthur Miller's in' “The
Creation of the World and Other
Business," performed at the Studio
Theatre in SUNYA’s Performing Arts
Center.

When Miller does a play. he adds some
character study to it that makes it all the
more interesting. In his Pulitzer Prize
winning play. “Death of a Salesman,” he
presents to us Willy Loman. a man in his
60‘s being driven toward death by society.
Willy. not unlike people that we may or
may not have known personally, thinks
that being well liked is the answer to
success. Willy is indeed the “Common
Man."

In “Creation. . ." Miller goes fromthe
tragedy and 'commonness' of Willy
Loman to the tragicomedy and the
‘royalness' of God. Lucifer. and the story
of Adam and Eve.

The play itself has some ﬂaws that can
easily be ﬁxed by any director. However,
they are not ﬁxed in this speciﬁc
production. and whether or not they will
be for upcoming performances. I could
not really tell you. But Ido urge youto go
see “Creation of the World and Other
Business.“ which had it's last two
performances tonight and tomorrow at
eight o‘clock.

The play starts off very nonchalantly
with Adam sleeping on the ground and
God walking over to him and waking him
up. Ordinarily. this does not give a great
deal of chance for the actors to give us
some exposition. but you all know the
story. I assume. After God wakes him up.
Adam begins his daily ritual of naming
objects for God. The difference in the
stature of the two characters is
tremendous: God is a ‘man' of average
height. with slightly-grayed hair. poised.

 

 

p

PAGE 4A

‘ *‘  w Engroestng ‘ ‘ .
But Imperfect fCrea'tlon’.

bespeckled, and above all. a father ﬁgure
to Adam. Adam on the other hand is what
you would typically called a Shlub. There
is no translation for the word. If you are
one. you look the same way the word
sounds.

Anyway, Adam has an excuse for being
a Shlub: he is naked and innocent. in
accordance with the wishes of God. who
does not want Adam or the not-yet-
created Eve to eat the apple off the Tree of
Knowledge. When God ﬁnally creates
Eve. she turns out to be a big-chested
brunette with more hair than Farrah
Fawcett~Majors.

Her creation is the device that brings
the second major character in the play.
That character is Lucifer (the other one
being God.)

Lucifer. the devil, is my favorite
character in the play, and Timothy D.
Rose. a senior majoring in theatre has the
remarkable ability of pulling off the wide

 

 

 

 

in the way he looks and the way he acts.
He delivers his lines with great force and
does great justice to the play.

God, played by Joe Geoco, delivers the
main points of the play through his
dialogue with the other actors. Geoco is a
1967 graduate of SUNYA who has also
appeared in several other university
productions.

God and Lucifer are the perfect foils in
the play. They attempt to appear as the
forces of Good and Evil and battle it out
to see who gains possession of Adam and

—
“ When God ﬁnally creates Eve she
turns out to be a big chested
brunette with more hair than
Farrah Fawcett- Majors. ”

range of emotions that is required of the
role. He stands by God and makes
suggestions wanting to go into a
"partnership" together by appearingto be
not sure of himself. lncurring God's
wrath by getting Eve to eat an apply.
Lucifer seems more in control of himself
and when God decided to turn the power
of the world over to the even now more
forceful Lucifer. the latter reVerts back to
his unsure self saying that he only wanted
a partnership. not a single proprietorshi p.

Under his Satanic garb. which was very
good as were the rest of the costumes
(Marilyn—a job well done), Rose sort of
reminds you of Donald Sutherland, both

 

 

A picture map at the Holy Clty ol Jerueelem.

Eve. It is this good-evil construct that
makes them the play‘s two major
characters and gives the play its moral
signiﬁcance.

Jeff Dunth (Adam) and Sharon Sobel
(Eve) are totally ridiculous in their roles.
He is too unemotional and she at times
gives us too much emotion or emotion
that is hard to believe. The only time I
thought Dunetz was really good with his
part was when he played the “Shlub”
discussed earlier. He reminded me of a
type of comedian. Like Buster Keaton,
that has been long gone: the clown.

Cain and Abel (Philip Mcltzcr and
Hope Lisa Hirsch) are capable of acting.

‘ In the kingdom of Jordan and 2| miles
south ofthe capital city of Amman Iiesthe
small village of Madaba. 'I‘hetravelcr can
reach it by following the King‘s Highway.
the ancient highway leading south to the
(iqu of Aqaba. The village is situated on
an ancient tell (mound). which covers

earlier levels of occupation. From
Biblical references it is clear that the
history of the site goes back at least to
l300 B.C. Amorites. Monbites. and
Ammonites in succession held the site in
Old 'I‘cstainent times; it was in Jewish
hands at the beginning of the Christian
era. Under the Romans Madaba became
a typical provincial town. and in
Byzantine times. it was the seat of a
Bisltopric. In 747 it was destroyed by an
earthquake and then abandoned. Around
|880 it was resettled by it community of
some 2000 Christians, and the most
prominent building ofthe modern village
is its Greek Orthodox church.

In late antiquity Madaba was
apparently a center of mosaic making.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS.

The Classical F0fumWWWMW/WMWMMZ%¥

Mosaics of Madaba

 

When I say that, I mean that I think iillll
they can do a lot with theatre. if thcr get
the opportunity. Meltrer, a forceful
actor. was done up to look like it cross
between a Navajo Indian and a Cincmtttt.
Besides that. I felt he did ajob well (ittnt:
Hirsch was excellent as Abel. I found that
she gave the right amount of emotion to
the part and the way she can griinzicc
added even more to her role. Shc ptrt
enough force and wit into her rolc to
make herselfstand out as one oft hc hcttcr
actors in the play (along with Rose and
Geoco).

Three other extra Characters worth
mentioning were Camille Burns
(Chemuel, the angel of mercy). (‘ynllini
Pucino ( Raphael. an angel). and Ilnrhririt
Martin (exceptionally good. its Asrcitl.
the angel of death).

Jerome Hanley‘s direction is skilllul
and effective. He has attempted ti gt'cttl
deal in the play (especially a lip-synclicd
“Hallelujah“). Hanley. who rcccivcd his
masters from Yale University. has bectiat
SUNYA since I966 and has served IIS
director of numerous productions.
including most recently. "Bad Habits.“
With this production. Httnlcy luils to n
small degree but where he did succccd too
see a theatrically and gl‘ttcclltll)
entertaining production.

I urge you to see this production lot If is
thoroughly engrossing and ittlIIiI)
enjoyable. Besides. a little cultttrc llL'\L‘f
hurt anyone. The last two performances
are tonight and tomorrow at eight
o‘clock. Go and enjoy. I know I did Illlti I
know you will too.

 

 

Several lint: mosaics may hcsccn lt)(iil\ Ill
some private houses. in the garden of tlic
government rest house. in a small
museum. and especially in the church
There the visitor will be shown a 0th
century AD. mosaic mttp oi i'ulcsllttt‘
and the Jordan River. the Itittcr L‘ottiplt'tc
with fish turning brick upon approaching
the Dead Sea.

One part of this map of l’ttlcstinc is -i
pictttrc map of tltc Holy City ol
Jerusalem, clearly so lithclctl lo
understand this picture map and to llltlitt‘
out some of the Greek writing one “not
face East. Thus in our photograph tarot Is
at the top. It is easy to recogni/c l\\o
colonnaded major streets and the crii
walls with their towers and gtttcs Illc
northern gate. with the singlc column
nearby. is the Damascus (line. 'I lirough
the eastern gate. St. Stephen‘s (ititc. out
can reach Gethsemane and tire Mount ot
Olives. Among the individual buildintlb
the Church of the llold Septilclirc can be

identiﬁed.

N OVEMBR 11. 1977

 

 

By AL BACA

People in Great Britain are dying their
hair orange and sticking safety pins
through their ears and cheeks.
Bloomingdale‘s has come out with a line
of torn t‘shirts emblazoned with the
slogan “I Hate” on them. Musical groups
with names like the Sniveling Shits, the
Sick Fucks, and Tuff Darts. and the
Voms (short for Vomits) are springing up
througout the United States. Is there
some sort of demented movement
threatening world sanity? What is the

cause of this warped. anarchistic
behavior.

The answer, of course. is the rise of
punk rock.

An exact deﬁnition of punk rock is
hard to come by. It is sometimes called
New Wave rock. although this is a
contradiction since this form of music is
not new. ‘Punk can best be described as an
attitude rather than a definitive form of
music. Punk rockers promote rebellion.
destruction. and all around anarchy in
their music, which usually displays a
degree ofdisturbing intensity not ween in
other forms of music. It is a basic. rousing
musical form which can leave the
audience upset. angry. or disgusted. but
never bored.

Although bands such as the Who
displayed punk attitudes in songs like
“My Generation" and “The Seeker." the
undisputed godfathch of punk rock in
this country are Lou Reed and the Velvet.
Underground. along with Iggy Pop and
the Stooges. In the late 60‘s Lou Reed. a
disciple of Andy Warhol. was singing
"Heroin", “New Age." and “White Light.
White Heat.“ It was not uncommon for
Reed’to'simulate shooting up on stage to
the tune of “Heroin.” He was also known
for spitting at the audience and coming on
stage so stoned he couldn't stand up.

At the same time. Iggy Pop was singing
“Search and Destroy." “We Will Fall.“
and “I Wanna Be Your Dog." His stage
antics included rolling around on crushcd
glass. jumping hcadfirst into the
audience. and picking fights with rowdy
spectators.

During one particularly memorable
performance in Detroit. an audience of
hostile bikers were yelling at Iggy to play
“Louie, Louie." Iggy stopped in the
middle of a song saying. “You assholes
wanna hear ‘l.ouic. Louie,‘ we'll give you
“Louie. I.ouic."Thc Stoogcstlien played a
45 minute version ol'tlic song. with Iggy
improvising lyrics such as “You can suck
my ass/You biker faggot sissies." The
hostility in the crowd started to mount
even more. so Iggy chose one particularly
abusive heckler and said. “Listen asshole.
you hecklc me one more tittie ttnd I‘m
gonna come down there and kick your
ttssl"

"Fuck you. you little punk." responds
the biker. So Iggy jttmpcd off the stage
and attacked the biker. who then
proceeded to beat the shit out of him.

When the 70's rolled iii. punk rock was
still popular to It cult following. especially
in New York City. Lou Reed left the
Velvets. and Iggy retired from the
Stooges to go into psychiatric treatment;
both returned its solo artists under the
guiding cretttive luttid of David Bowie.
Several clubs iti Greenwich Village. such
as (‘BGll's and Max's Kansas City. begun
to regularly feature pttnk rock bands. The
cult following grew to it point where more
and more blinds begun to form. The Patti
Smith (Iroup gained notoriety with the
release of the Horses album. and Lou

Reed's brilliant 'Irunrjbrntcr ttlbum.

 

produced by Bowie. brought punk rock
Lto national attention. "Vicious." ll cut

NOVEMBER 11. 1977

The grandaddy of p
the slxtles and presently embarked on a solo career.

Transformer.

Pierce Your Cheeks and} Do~ the P090 §

  

became an

L
unk rock. Lou Reed. leader of the Velvet Underground In

when Rotten jumped into the audienceto

underground classic.

As punk rock expanded from New
York City and developed more of a
national following. many bands started to
tour throughout the country. The
Ramones. and the N.Y. Dolls, led by
David .Iohansen. cven tourcd worldwide.

England proved to be very receptive to
American punk bands. Groups such as
the Tubes. with their classic suburban
anthem. “White Punks on Dope." began
to reach new heights of success. The
British youths reacted with ecstatic
enthusiasm to punk rock. Punk becamca
social movement in England. whereas in
the United States it is merely a fad.

Since rock and roll reﬂects the soul of
the country in which it is most popular. it
is necessary to look at what‘s happening
in Great Britain today in order to
understand the tremendous growth of
punk rock in that country. Right now.
our British neighbors are hurting. The
state ofthe economy is pitiful. In Ulster.
Protestants and Catholics are still trying
to annihilate each other. Unemployment
in the United Kingdom is at (in all time
high. hitting teenagers harder than
anyone else.

To make matters cvcn worse. musical
creativity reached it vittittl dcttdcnd Ill
I975 when the big hits on the charts were
rc—rclcascs of old Bctttlc songs, British
adolescents were so disgusted with their
music that they began to listen to French
bootlegs of the Stooges and the Vclvcts.

Then. into this regressive music scene
stepped it man named Malcolm
Mc(‘lttrcn. McClarcn was rutitiingtishop
culled Sex. an establishment entering to
the needs of the British S/ M crowd. when
one day the N.Y. Dolls walked into the
slipp. McCltircn was so impressed with
the obnoxious glitter of the Dolls [Ilill Iic
became their manager. After sortie six
rrionths. however. the bond broke up lit
the middle of ti Florida nightclth gig.
Mc(‘lttren then returned to London
where Iic brottght together four Iccttttgc
workingvclitss thugs. handed them
instruments. itllti named them the Sex
I’isols.

The group consisted of .Ioltn Lydon.
litter christened Johnny Rotten ttftcr
lecClnrcn saw the condition of his teeth.
I’tiul Cook on drums. guitarist Steve
Jones ttnd Bassist (ilcn lvlutlock(replnced
this yettr by Sid Vicious).

Tilt: Sex Pistols started attracting
attention in clubs like the Nashville in
West London. where they were banned

attack a heckler, and Oxford Street's l00
Club. where they Were banned after a girl
was stabbed in the eye during one oftheir
shows.

Surprisingly enough. conservative
EMI Records signed the band for
$80,000. then released their ﬁrst 'single.
“Anarchy in the U.K." Their popularity
further increased when, as pan of an EMI
publicity campaign. they appeared on
Thames Television‘s “Today Show.“
Rumor has it that intervieWcr Bill Grundy
got the Sex Pistols drunk before the
show. then proceeded to goad the boys
into a state of “punkishness” on prime
time television. The end of the interview
ran like this:

Grundy: Go on. you‘ve got anotherﬁvc
seconds. Say something outrageous.

Pistol: You dirty bastard.

Grundy: Go on. again.

Pistol: You dirty fucker!

Grundy: Whataclevcr boy.

Pistol: What a fucking rotterl

After the interview appeared on
television. the Pistols were banned frotn
lit to 2i cities that they were supposed to
have toured. EMI terminated their
contract after Steve Jones threw up in
public on an old lady. Six weeks later. A
8t M Records signed the Pistols for
“50.000. thcn cancelled the contract a
couple of days later by pttying the band
off. Reason: unknown.

By now the Pistols were making
hcttdincs in all of England‘s neWspapers.
The British government openly spoke out
against the band. who were now banned
in virtually every club iii England. As is
usually the case. suppression generates

    

     

attention, so the youth of Great Britain!
now had something to believe in — the
Sex Pistols.

The Sex Pistols television scandal. and
all the publicity surrounding it, planted
punk rock ﬁrmly in the hearts of British
youth. Everything the Pistols did received
publicity. When Sid Vicious. the group's
bassist, refused to pay off an angry
debtor, the young man broke into Sid's
room and tore up all his clothes. Vicious
had to use safety pins to hold his clothes
together at a gig the band was playingthat
night. This attracted so much attention
that all British punk rockers began to
wear safety pins. People had their ears
and checks pierced so they could stick
pins through them.

As their popularity soared. the Pistols -
released two singles. “God Save the
Queen.“ a radical denunciation of the
monarchy which came out in time for the
Queen‘s Silver Jubilee, and "Pretty
Vacant." a song about not caring for
anything. Both singles reached number
one on the New Musical Express without
the beneﬁt of radio airplay. The BBC did
not want anything to do with the Pistols.

The Sex Pistols are now working on a
movie to be directed by soft-core porne
king Russ Meyer. People in Britain have
created a punk dance called the “pogo,”
which consists of jumping up and down
and waving your hands above your head.
A group of anti-punk rockers called
“razors” has formed. These thugs go to
Sex Pistol concerts and rip safety pins out
of the fans‘ cheeks and ears.

Back in the United States. groups like
Talking Heads. Mink DeVilIe. and the
Tuff Darts are attracting a lot of
attention. However. unlike the United
Kingdom where punk songs are written as
a form of protest against the government
and all its established standars. punk
songs in the U.S. deal with the topics of
drugs. disillusionment. and middle-class
boredom.

In America. punk rock is a trend of
music. whereas in England, it is
something more. It is a mass social
rebellion. American fans can come back
from a punk rock concert. take offtheir
l4 carat gold safety pins. and tttlk about
the goods and evils of punk rock while
relaxing in nice. comfortable suburban
homes. Punk rock in Great Britain is
becoming it way oflife. comparable tothc
hippie movement in the U.S. during the
60‘s.

Like it or not. though. punk rock is on
its way up. When the Sex Pistols mow
ttlbum. Another Llllllf of Bollocks-front
the Sex Pistols. tire relettscd in the Staten
American fttns will realize the full impact
of this music. So. pierce your cheeks,
jump up ttnd down and wave your hands
around. Punk rock is here to stay.

.1: ’ .

Devld Bowle Ie the men reeponelble tor revlvlng the genlue of many I lost

perlormer. notably Lou Reed and Iggy Pop ol Iggy and the Stooges.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE 5A

Mm

 

 

 

 

 

 

