 
 

 

     

  

  
 
  
 

   
     
   

 

SCHENEC‘TADY . (AP) .D‘rg
Thomas Bonner. president of Union _
collegerseems to be asking the
question—who's the boss? V

At least until'he gets a satisfactory
answer. Bonner said Mondayhe will
remain president of Union.

Meanwhile. a special ‘committee
appointed by Union‘s trtutees is ex-
amining what Bonner described as
“the governance system of the cam--
pus and the president's authority and
responsibility to "leade . \

The committee was apppointed,
Saturday, the- day thetrustees an-
nounced without elaboration that
Bonner.had submitted his resigna-
tion and that they had rejected it.
Spokesmen for Union said they did
not know when .the review com-
mittee would complete its work.

Neither Bonner nor others in
authority at Union would elaborate
on the issue. Nor would they confirm
or deny that Bonner is at
loggerheads with the college senate.
comprised of students. faculty and
administrators. '

Bonner has said he wants Union‘s

°°".’-’°‘l

 

Middle Atlantic States A

 

  
 

UNDERGRADUATE STUDENT

(Manage I9 Leompletion olol Iepst I veor oleollege)

GRADUATE STUDENTS .
and FACULTY MEMBERS
THE ASSOCIATION OF PRIVATE CAMPS

. . . comprising I00 outstanding Boys. Girls. Brother-Sister
and Co-Ed Camps. located throughout the New England and

.. . INVITES YOUR iNQUlBlES
concerning summer employment as
Head Counselors. Group Leaders. Specialties. General Counselors. I

Write. Phone. or Call in Person
Association of Private Comps - Dept. C
as w. as 39.. New rue itr reess

 

blossoming lid’ckeyttearn to move up
from Division ll of the NCAA to

Division I. The college‘senate’has

said it wants .to‘remain in the New
England Small . College Athletic
Conference. The conference has said
Union has to drop its afﬁliation if it
wants to play-in Division l.

Bonner.,three years president of .

Union. said he had recommended a
review of the campus power struc:
ture in the firm beliefthat the separa-

- tion of authority and responsibility

at all levels of the college lies at the
root-of recent controversies concer-
ning admissions and athletics. as
well as other goals for the future of
the college announced by the presi-
dent."

One recent controversy involved
hockey Coach Ned Harkness.
Harkness. one-time coach-general
manager of the Detroit Red Wings
and a, successful former coach at
Cornell and Rensselaer Polytechnic
Institute. was suspended by Bonner
earlier this yearafter admitting lying
to Bonner about a recruiting viola-
tion.

COMMUNITY SERVICE
MANDATORY EVALUATION
‘ I sessions:

I
I
f
Between April 25th and April 30th. t
I
I
I

For Informatlon, call:

457-4801

-------------‘

(IIII OX 8-1656—-

 

 

ﬂa wuss INSTITUTE

Here's a way for college

a comprehensive one-year
study/work programme. You
spend your ﬁrst 5 months In
Ared. a dynamic new town.
together with other graduates
from all over the world There
you will study Hebrew. Judalca
and lsraell society, combined
For the following 7 months or
more. you can either work in

your profession. volunteer in a
ldbbutz or development town.

studying. The World Union of

love affair with Israel.

Name _.
Adder
City _

 

 

 

gaduatee to experience Israel in

with tours and a kibbutz period.

re-traln professionally or continue

Jewish Students institute In And
could be the begnning of your

lerael Aliyah Center, 515 Perla Avenue.
New York. New York 10022.

For information. please send to the above address.

 

(212) 752-0600

—-—————r

58

 

 

University

 

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

The trustees lifted the suspension. (
Bonner said in his latest statement‘

that the trustees refusal to accept his /

resignation was a “strong expression ,
of support." Dr. ‘Lee L. Davenport.
chairman of the trustees special
review committee, said he thought
the same thing,

DNA Forum

r'onlinu‘ed from page one
interested in all aspects of the situa-
tion.“ I 

When contacted yesterday. Ler-
man said that he would not file an
impact statement until advice was
forwarded from the SUNYA Office
of Legan Counsel.

“We will follow whatever action
the counsel advises us to take.“ said
Lerman. “We have no objections
about filing an impact statement."

In a related matter. a press release
written 'by two university students.
Lawrence Perot and Harris ZWcrI-
ing. called for debates such as the
one proposed by NYPI R0 to be. held
with university backing. Zwerling
and Perot stated that the release
would be sent to interested parties at
Harvard and Princeton.

CSEA Settles

t'unlinue'd from page one
educational process would go on.“

“At the top of our list of
priorities." he said. “was heat and
hot water for the dorms. health ser-
vice and 1 bus service."
Welch calledI-rreports that the
National Guard would be used to
operate buses “a rumorsiurtcd by
the A SP." He added that it was never
expected that circumstances would
irrisc forcing ihc school to close
rfown.

Hurt sriid ihat he had kept in cori-
trrcl with Welch and SA President
Steve DiMco in the event of
emergencies and that steps had been
taken to keep the inf'irmary openif
there was ii strike.

According to Vice President for
Management and Planning John
Hartigan. “our first responsibility
was to keep the school open.“

“We had a contingency plan that
would have provided a skeleton
force to keep the physical plant open
and ii police patrol to keep the un-
iversity roadways accessible.“ he
said.

Hartigan added that the rrsc of
twenty-two National Guardsmen to
drive buses was considered but was
rejected at an administration
meeting lrrst Thursday.

“As far its usc of the Guard goes.“
hc strid. "we were concerned mostly
with ovcrrcaction to the Guard on
campus rind the safety of the
students."

Had ilrcrc bccn rr strike there
would have bccn no bus service and
students living on Alumni Quad
and off-campus would have had to
make other arrangements to get to
class. said Hartigun.

_—_—————-—
____________._._..——

Don‘t
Pattie

The deadline is So‘tloclz for ASI’lettcrs.

 

  
 
 
 

Zairean Troops Combat Invest/ere
KINSHASA,'Zsire (AP) President Mobutu Sese Seko‘s troops have driven
the invaders in southern Zaire back IS miles and checked their advance on
Kolwezi, the copper-mining center. the government news agency AZAP says.
The government report said Zairean ‘troops launched a counter-offensive
Saturday night and captured arms. medical supplies and one wounded
prisoner. There was no confirmation of the government's claim. It was not
known whether any of the l.500 Moroccan troops supporiing the
government were involved in the ﬁghting. but reporters returning from the
area said 400 of the North African Arabs had been sent to the village of
Kanzenze. 25 miles northwest of Kolwezi. where Zaircan troops were
confronting the rebels.

Belgian Premier Resigns After Election

BRUSSELS. Belgium'(Al’) Premier Leo Tindemans resigned today after a
generalelection in which his Social Christian party again ran first and won
six more seats in Parliament but failed to win a majority. Tindemans was
expected to form a new coalition government. He indicated he would ask the
opposition Socialists. who ran second, tojoin the government. The premier‘s
resignation. delivered to King Baudouin. was customary after an election.
The king accepted it and asked him to remain in office as caretaker premier
until a new government if'formed. Tindemans said he hoped “a government
of national union couldbe set up."0bservers believed this was the prelude to
an overture tothe Socialists. ' '

Controls On Car Pollution Delayed ‘

WASHINGTON (AP) The Carter administration urged on Monday that
tougher controls on automobile pollution be delayed at least one year. At the
same time. the administration asked Congress for standby authority to
impose a tax to $65 to $l20 on I983 model cars that fail to meet tough
nitrogen oxide standards which may be imposed in that model year. The tax
would go into effect only if the tougher standard is imposed and Would
remain in effect only until the cars were able to meet it. A decision on whether
a tougher standard is needed will be made in I980.

Carter Trying .To Work Out Water Projects
WASHINGTON (AP) President Carter is working tecxtricate himself from
a political tangle of his own making. while keeping his promise to curb the
government‘s beaver-like ambitions to dam the nation‘s rivcrs and.flood its
f'latlands. Carter is recommending a halt in I978 funding for 15 water
projects. cuts in funding for five more. continued review for lWO projects and
full funding i'or‘eight. His recommendations have been disclosed by sources
in Congress. state governments and environmental groups. The President is
announcing the recommendations today. Iief'orc the announcement.
information about his decisions showed ilicy could save tux-payers an
estimated $ I 20 million in fiscal I978. which begins Oct. I . About $ l09 million
would come from halts in funding. The remainder would be from the partial
cuts.

A New Mayor For Chicago

CHICAGO (AP) Acting Mayor Michael A. Bilandic appeared to be far
ahead of his closest challengcr among six Democrats in a special mayoral
primary cicction Tuesday. A turnout of 600.000 to 700.000 was forecast in the
voting. It will be the first mayoral campaign in 22 years in Richard J. Daley.
who died of'a heart attack Dec. 20. is not running. Victory in the primary was
expected to be tantamount to election as mayor for the rest of Daley‘s sixth
term. which expires in 1979. Republicans have at race of'thcir own but admit
they lack anything like the resources ofthe Democrats. Thc general election
is in June.

Sixties Idealists May Get Power In Berker
BERKELEY. Calif. (AP) A coalition of leftists drawn from the turbulent
Free Speech Movement ofthe l960‘s has its bestshot yet'l‘uesdriyat wresting
control of'city government from moderate forces who have run lierkclcy for
years. At stake are four City Council seats that could shift the balance of
power away from a coalition run by the moderate Democratic Club. Most
Democratic Club members call themselves liberal Dcmocrnis. They took
power in the late l9tifl‘s. when social rnovcmcnts at the University of
California rcrrchcd out to shake the foundations of this city of l5.000.

N.Y. Wine Industry Backed By Governor

ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) Lt. Gov. Mary Anne Krupsak. rr self-appointed
advootirc of New York's wine industry. wonthc backing of Gov. Huin Carey
Monday for a package of proposed legislation designed to give tax breaks
and other benefits to wine miikcrs. “In vino. vcriias.“ declared the governor.
quoting the Latin about wine and truth as he began an unusual. joint ncwrr
conference with Miss Krupsrik. The two top stuic officers took turns
promising help to the wine industry. passing it tiny microphone back and
forth betWecn them as they leaned back on the ceremonial governor's desk in
the Capitol's lied Room and addressed reporters.

De-Licensed N.Y. Doctor Gets AnotherIanohigan
LANSING. Mich. (AP) A New York physician obtaincd‘a’license to practice
medicine in Michiganjusl Iii days before New York revoked his license for
alleged sexual assaults on women patients. the Detroit News reported
Sunday. The News said Dr. Edward Altchek. 46. was able in obtaiiia license
Ito practice here because New York authorities never notified Michigan of the
revocation last Nov. 19. llert Brennan. director of the Michigan Medical
Practice Board. said he knew nothing of the New York action against the
doctor. ‘ .

APRIL 19, 1977

      
   
     
  
   
    
  
  
  

“frame.

 

 

     
   
 
      
      
      
          
      
          
             
            
        
           
        
        
          
 
         
       
        
    
        
       
     
       
     
   

 

by Matthew Cox

Graduating seniors will be eligible
to vote for next year‘s SA President
and Vice-President in elections one
week from today. v

SA Elections Commissioner
Kelvin Dowd said "in the absence of
tiny clear-cut law" he has made a
policy decision permitting seniors to
participate in the SA presidential
elections. V

“I figured it would be better to let
them vote than to discnfranchisc
them." he said yesterday. "The more
people that vote. the more people
there are who pariicipntc in thc deci-
sion." he said.

Current Student Association rulcs
rcquirc students voting for Central
Council and Senate candidates to
iisc ballots indicating lhcir campus
residence for the coming year. accor-
ding to SA Supreme Court Chief
Justice Vicki Kurtzman. No such

    

law that would prohibit seniors from
voting exists governing SA presiden-
tial elections. she said.

Dowd said a part of his decision
was based on his belief that “even
though most seniors won't be here
next year. they know more about the
candidates because they‘ve been
around longer." Two years ago
seniors voted in the spring SA elec-
tions. he added. but last year they did
not.

The decision shouldn‘t affect one
candidate more than any other.
Dowd said. because “SA presiden-
tial candidates. by rind Irirgc. . .nrc
not well known. An incumbent is
about the only person who would
have the advantage of any recogni-
tion." and might bcncfit front
scriiors‘ votcs. he said.

In the cvcni ofri closc election. one
of the SA presidential candidates
“will probably appeal“ to the SA

UPS/ MARY” ANN HDVAK

NYPIRG Chairman Kevin Kovacs said a statement showing the
accomplishments of NYPIRG will be submitted to Dean NeiIBrown.

by Thomas Martcllo

Results of a surtc)‘ which may
suggest the scheduling of classes on
religious holidays rrrcduc rrcxt wcck.
according to Assistant to thc I'rcsi-
dcrii R. l‘i't'tlL‘i'lL‘hS Volkwcrn.

lhc survey was run by ihc
[{ducnrronnl Policies Comiriirrcc and
pollcd 400 students rind 300 faculty
rind administration members.

for) suggested chrrngcs in the pre-
scnf ‘rtllriiil calendar that are under
consideration are starring the fall
\criicslcl’ rrlfcr lribor' Day. rhcrcforc
scheduling r lrisscs on Rush llnshunn
and Your Kippurznndthc scheduling
of llic sprrngscmcsrur urcnironintlrc
iirltltlit' of the semester rather than
rlrrr mp ihc luster and Prrssoycr
flttilliil\\

"\\ c rc Inning the compurcr run
this ruck.” Milli \ olkucrrr. “I
uoulrfn'r so) the srrr'vcy will solely
ifffLZL‘l ihc tht‘lSItill of policy. htrt it
will fiii\i' .r \llillth' iniprrci “

\olkncrn srrrrl rhni the response
from frrciilf) rind administration
rricmlicrs was good. but student
rcsponsc wrrs lrght.
disappointed by the
rcsporisc from students." said
\olkwcm. “()nly arbour 100 students
rcsprrritfcd to the survey. I had ex-
pcrrctl between 200 and 300.“

\ rrlkwcm sirrd that It policy
recommendation would be rnrrdc by
lhc I,I’(,' by April 27.

fillNYA worked on n calender
srnrrlrrr to the one bcrng suggested
urrrrl about five yciirs ago. when it
was chrrngcd to the present one.

"A number of years ago. that was
ihc type of scheduling that was
hci‘c." Mild .ISC llillcl Co-Chnirmitn
Irrn Arcus. "As a result of itjoint cfv

"l was

APRIL 19. 1977

r.i fr.) Jlrri‘rf‘

for m m

Iorr by rhc religious cnnmrrrrrriy. it
“its changed rind has worked out Ill
rirrncnblc fashion. I of course would
hr: opposed ro rr change in it."

Volkwcrn srud that the proposed
crilcndcr is rt growing trend rinrong
collcgcs. “That was one of the
reasons it was referred to the EPC.
There is a growing feeling to begin
ihc lull session after labor Day."

Jews Ilurf

“The chrrngc would
pl'riblcnts for religious students."
stud Arcus. “Jewish srndcrits would
not attend classes on Rush ifrishnnri
and Yom Kippur. Mrtny siirdcnis
wrsh lo spciid fhcsc holidays with
lhcrr fnmrlrcs."

"Ihcrc are a number of reasons
why a change to beginning rrficr
Labor Day would be hcncfrcrrtl."
srrid Volkwcin. “One is cconomic.
Many students would like to work
their summer jobs through ihc
labor Day weekend. A number of
faculty assocrnlions also have
incciings around that trrric. Also. if
we Slflflcd after Labor Day. it might
increase our enrollment of part-time
grrrdunic students.“

Volkwcrn also supports the
propuscd change to scheduling
vacations in lhe middle of the spring
scriicslcr'.

“lispccrnlly in years
Passover and linsicr occur in late
April. Ii doesn‘t mrrkc sense to delay
the vacation that long. This is lrirgely
on educational grounds the
rhythm of lhc scnicstcr.“

“I‘m very disturbed over it." said
JSC-liillcl Director Steve Show.
“We worked to get the school closed
for thrn'. holidays several years ago.
A commitment was made. Now.

crctitc

when

Leapltole iSénior Vetin’g 

Supreme Court. Kurtzman said. to
invalidate seniors voting.

Dowd says Kurtzman has already
indicated to him that current Stu-
dent Association Consolidated Law
doesn't prohibit seniors from voting
in SA presidential elections. Kurtz-
man “thought there was nothing
wrong with my decision." he said.

SA unprofessional

Student ASsociation members
who draw up the organization’s laws
“are not professional legislators.and
thcy do sometimes pass open-ended
legislation." Kurtzman said. “This
should probably be closed up.“ she
said. with it dcfiniic ruling mrtdc.

Dowd said he has spoken to Ccn-
trnl Council Chairperson (ircg
l.cssnc about climinatingthis inadcv
quac) in the Consolidated l.aws.nnd
expects the Council to amend the
laws “one way or another" after the
elections are over.

 
 

UPS/MA" ANN NOVAK

Seniors should vote because they know more about the candidates,
according to SA Election Commissioner Kelvin Dowd.

Dean Seeks To Review NYPIRG

Dean for Student Affairs Ncil
lirown has issued a memorandum
which calls for it review of NYPIRG
and its benefit to SUNYAsiudcnts.

Thc memorandum was issued first
week and sent to SA President Steve
DiMco and Central Council Chuir~
man Greg Icssnc. N Y PIRG is at the
end of a two year contract with SA
and a referendum for student sup-
port ofihc group will be held in ncxt
wcck‘s electrons.

"I wrote the letter remindingthcm
that we now have a three year history
of NYPIRG and wc may well have
questions about I’IRG at Albany

Ill

 

they're shifting gc' " again."

"I think the .fcuishsrudcnis would
be pcnrrlr/cd mor‘c." snid Catholic
('hnphrin Rm. Paul Smith. “My fccl-
trig is that during the High Holy
Days. ihcy‘d continue to go home.
which would create problems. As far
as Christian students. I would
generally prefer to have students
here during Holy Week because I
don‘i think students get into
religious aspects rrt home that much.
Rcligion is much more of ii family
thing wrrlr .lcwrsh students such as
scdcrs ni Prissmcr and a change
could hrryr: rm cffccl on that."

“I'd like ihrngs to be done on rr
I'iillttlliil Inisrs." srird Chemistry Prof.

and we should take it rcvrcw of how
they are benefiting the studcnis on
this campus." said Brown.

NYPIRGChuirpcrsonni SUNYA
Kcvrn Kovncs said flint if statement
showing ihc accomplishments of
N Y PI RU is being written up and will
be submitted to Brown Thursday or
l-ridrry.

“It‘s a periodical rcvicw." said
Kovrrcs. lf‘s rncrcly n f'ormrility we go
through. ()ur contract runs out at
the cnd of the semester and it is ap-
propriate for him to want to see what
has been done for the students."

“We (Student Association)

Classes Considered For Religious Holidays

Slit-lion lirrnk. who. along with
Volkncin. scrvcs on the I:P(' sub
commilicc. "l ilrrnk I know students
pretty well. I know whcnthc) should
have n br'cnl; l-or instance. you
should ncvcr Iitryc school go for
more than ten weeks or ii time. It
should be done rrrhiirrrrrly. that‘s
r'rrlronnl.“

Accordmg to Volkwcin. SUNY
rnrrndrrics two liliccn wcck semesters
for a total of ISO instructional drrys.
Next year‘s cnlcndcr clrmrntrics ihc
l‘L‘thtlI’)’ “million and rcplrrccs it
Willi ill'l C\l1l| WL'Ch' Ill IIIlCTSUSS|01L
[his wars brought about primarily
bccrrusc of “the energy crisrs." said
Volkwcirr.

operate through the good will ofthe
administration." said Lcssnc. lfthey
sought to stop any of our activities.
ibcy could. though that has never
happcned to my knowledge."

Lessnc said that when President
l‘iclds secs the budget. he may ques-
tion NYPIRG because it is uniqucin
the fact flint it is not solely a student
group and that if is also not ex-
clusively a SUNYA group.

"We really don‘t have it very good
idea when: their moncy goes." said
Lcssnc. “With all other SA‘ggoups.
we have rrn idea because they are
flSCilii)’ responsible to SA. We work
under it different system with NYP-
IRG hccriusc \Vt: contract with
them."

“We feel we hrrtc met the terms of
the contract." snrd Kovzics. “At
SUN YA. wc hrr\c lobbyists. inicrns.
community scryrcc projects. and
llil\‘L‘ worked on a number of projects
concerning students."

“Student Association should be
aware." said lirown. “It doesn‘t
mczrn lilitl I‘m opposed to NYPIRG.
I‘m not. I just see it as prudent
mirnngcmcrri.“

According to Kovrtcs. a
slitii'l campaign for NYPIRG will
occur just prior to the referendum
volc. 'Ihc rcfcrcndum will risk
students if the) want to contribute
two dollrrrs ri ycrrr ltiwill‘d NY PIRG.
Knyircs sriid ihrrl it similar referen-
dirrn was prrsscd by the students two
years ago by on li-l margin.

-—'l'. Martello

Suicide Blamed On Job Cutback

by Joel Daniels

Irisk forces in unrvcrsrly priorities
have done awrty with whole schools.
departments and programs. Thurs-
day morning. ri university employee
shot hrirrsclf following termination
of his position by last year's
l’rcsrdcniutl Spccrrrl Task Force on
University Priorities.

John Sirisrnk. rr (32-year-old
purchasing agent for the physics
department. find plrtnncrf retirement
for his sixiy-f'ifth ycnr. Denied
tenure as it non-reaching
professional. he began a series of
appeals flint ended first monthwitlr a
letter informing him of ltis officiul
tcrminntiori.

Stasiuk was “terminated as n
result of the Task Force recommen-
dation for how to meet the state‘s

budgetary crisis." according to
Professor Kcith liniclif‘f. He said
purchasing agents rcccivcd special
rneniion in the report of the
l’rcsidcniinl Task Force on
Priorities. with n suggestion that
they be included among five to eight
liric reductions in the Division of
Math and Nuttrrnl Sciences.

Physics faculty members said
there wcrc inriiul feelings of rcscnf-
rncni and bitterness on learning of
Strisiak's dcrtih. lirucc Marsh
rrgreed. saying. “There certainly is
some ringer." Others called it rid—
rninistrntivc neglect.

Ratcliff observed what he called
sadness in the department. rather
than ringer. “c said. “People
naturally react with shock and emo-
tion" in this type of siturrtion.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

“The decisions that we make have
consequences. We have seen those
consequences.“ RtilCIffT said.

Colleagues said Sius‘iiik intended
to retire now and not toscck another
job. He had not come to work since
learning of his final termination.
ltzrtclif't'srrid it was generally believed
Starsiak was ill in recent weeks. but
later it became apparent he was suf-
fering from serious depression.

One instructor in the department
said “many of the people here"
directed anger toward the university
administration rrf'ter Stusiak‘s
suicide. l'lc conceded. though. that
grief was the dominant emotion.

Stasiak was described by all as be-
ing hard-Working and well liked.

A colleague observed, “He was
simply a victim of the times."

PAGE THREE

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
    
   
  
 
   
 
   
   
  
   
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
 
  
  
   
   
  
   
   
   
     
  
 
  
 
   
   
            
       
        
      
  

MM

