  

 

 

 

 
     
     
     
     
     
      
       
      
      
   
    
      
      
      
     
      
          
          

.. slrvzr.m.....m.... .._ __

 

 

 

 

m‘mwnn»; mine-w I'V‘ - ‘V"?

 

 

the DOB'
‘ ‘ * I
by Tim Leilwlth
The decision has long since been made. It

was madea yelir or soago. wheit the peopletlt
SllNY. Division of the Budget took out their

calculators aiid marveled ttl tile prospect of

.ltltl.tltltl dollars in matching federal money it
('l)l':\ bits litie takeover would tnakc
possible. :\nd frqu that poitlt on. despileil lot
ot administrative statements to tile contrary.
the only real question laciilg the University
has heeti. "How can tllts plail be
tilipleiileiitetl'!" Not. "Should we. considering
the needs til sttideiltsalid the drivers. as well as
tltc oyerall bettelit to tllis university.
implement a ('l)tA btis ltne takeover?" Not.
“I low “I” such a plttii allect thetllottsalltls oi
students ltititg oll eatitpns and oil Altiiititi
Quail“ \ot. " to what L'\lL'lll “til the( ill \
talst-oyet alter the sense ol eonliltliiiity tell by
students bring downtown. and is tllat
\lt‘~lll|‘llittl worth the bent-tit?"
tins. .Illtl rilitirl other trltportatil questions
our giloieil. and the .itltllltltstration \et'y
S"lll‘l\. \ell coldly .lsketl. "llolv'.'" I
\iltt lllt' t'lL‘tll' ‘\
toittlnt has illawtl ltp.

L'L'iitttittltt'

.ltis\.er is telltach
aild Itilal
r.ei-.~i.rtt.rttotis .o-.~ ptoecedlng hetweell tlle
l llllsl'~ll\ .nid( lll \. .lolltl llatttgall. Vice-
l'tes ll.lil t-‘t ll'lsltlt‘ssilllll l‘llltltlt'c. stated at

l'tl‘ll

lllk t lll \ t||‘l‘ll llettltligs that tcgartlless til
sllltlt’tll sctttittt 'III lsillIL't'iIlllI':ll'\. theeoilltact
wrll tit s.gited Ila-contract “ill hestgtlcd. llte
patttcttlal

lll.t|t\ dclteteitctes

an. no to.- tls llltluil options lot tlte present

until it t's

drives tltld its questionable assurance of
"equivalent or better“ overall service) have

been disctlssed in detail elsewhere. and they

constitute a inaior ptlrt of what is uilfttirabout
the inevitable switch to (‘I)‘l'A. ltut placing
tllese substantial grievances aside. we as
stlldents are faced with another overriding

issues: the total economic orientation of the

adnilnistrattle decisioil-nltlking process. and
its consequent lack of responsiveness to
student needs anti perspectives. 4

From the off-campus student‘s point 0'
liew. tllts lack ol responsiveness is especially
discouraging. At hotll open ltctll‘ttlgs .lolltl
llat'tlgati clearly stated tllat thclltlivcrstty has
no coliilllitment to tltetransportation needs til
students living oll catnptis. despite tlte lact
iltat two thirds ol tlle people attending tltis
l riiteistty eventually tttttyc out ol tllL‘tltit‘ms.

 

Perhaps it istootliticli Ioask the dollai'salltl
vellls lllL‘llltlltl)’ at the illusion ol tlle Budget
to consider the ('l) l A
ioiilpasstotiatc. lllllt‘ttlt level. tchresetiIalHes
llilltl l).t).lt. tailed to attelld ettller ol the
recent heariilgs. sticcesslully avoiding any
lace-lo-lacc contact wttli the allecled students
attd drivers.) but the ltict remains tllat all of
the major decisions ill this matter have been
made ill the absence oi any real student lltptlt.
tlle sis students on the twelve member Hus
Committee little tried to ntake the contract
equitable. bill tlley have been cotnpelled to
operate on the assumption that tile talseoter ts

ISSIIL' llll it

 

 

 

 

 

 

let

 

Dollars . or A Student's?

important questions of actual need and
potential benefit with regard to the takeover
have not been addressed from the students‘
perspective. ‘

Whether actual service will suffer under
CD'I'A‘s mantigement is a crucial issue. but it
is not the only issue. And since .lohn Htirtigan
litis stated that the contract will eventually be
stgiletl regardless of student sentiment against
such a itlove. it will be very difficult to
ellcctilcly' oppose the takeover. Several
stltdeilt groups are preparing their opposition.
notttblythe Student Unionimtion Movement
which ltas tllade it list (ll several possible
.let Ittlts attired at presstti'tngllle various parties
arid agettcies tnyolted. for those ol its living
oll camptls. the Oil-Campus Association is
.ilallable Io lnlortn and tirgant/c the body ol
tﬁittl allectetl sltltlcttls.

Section it Hi the tentative bits contract
sitnes tllat t'lllA "will not be responsible tor
delays caused by ll':llllL‘ cotlgestioli. weather.
tioitiial liicellalttcal lallut'es. accidents.
:llttlltiltakes. enenly act. not. act ol (iod.
lioritb threats. etiil alld mass
tletlioltstrations." Appaiaittly. the Division ol
tllc lllulget and the lhlnel'stty are deletilitned

enough to sign a L‘|)'I'A contract Without
delay in the lace ol any of tltose possible
dangers. Still. it we as stutlctilsaretii llaycatly

disorders.

role iii the tlceisliln-illaktilg process at this
i rityirstty iii the ttrttli'e. \tL‘L'.tllttiIl accept tllc

( Ill \ takctnel slttliit.I down because we

 

 

' criteria ttgttittsl which It was bettig tudgcd

‘ Without
chem

To the Editor:

As a graduate student on campus I would i

like to offer it comment on the recent pllkitng

ol' the chemistry department‘s l’lrl) program

Actually. although the passing was recent." l ’

was really the result of budgeting dct‘tytony
made a long time ago. the dcparttitcnl way
just never given the resources to met-t the

Things aren‘t very elear~eitt. llttittgh A. [)L
Satttrtlo lvtis quoted in his slttletttettts tutlrr-
press. the department was \y't\ do..- 1..
tttcctiitg the delitittioil in "quality " liesmim
tltat a pallet ol reviewers colild h.- Ilium] “i...
would rate the department's l'tilt pram...
lalorably'. tllis makes tllc lL'ltttItt.tlIiill .illtlr.-
more brutal.

lltere may be main I'L‘llv‘ltllssltlttsllillllllli‘
prograitt termination as lat its other \tltllti'
departments tIIl campus .llv it‘llkt'lllttl
particularly ll seyeral ot the pascal l.litlll\
seek positions elsewhere. ( lli'lltlsll\ ls.l\et‘.
basic science. At least ltt ottr owti tlt‘tlatltllt'ttl
aliitosphei'ic scletlec. tllatly ol ll\ Illlkll |i.t\. lrt
seek help tll cooperation ltiIttI tll itiistt.
departtlient lactilty trird sltttlclits It the l’ltll
lettitlilallotl Iragtllcltts the ill llltslly
depat'tittetit. then work til the otlto \tlt‘llti
dcpartiiteilts \\Ill ll1I\i.'lit sllllv’t

Ilic policy till this campus ill Inirlding trrl
sltoitg gladttate pl'ograllls lll .t It\- sell-clot
disciplines. say

itttltosplletit aunt .-r

 
  
  
   
  
  
    
   
   
  
   
 
   
  
  
   
  
   
   
    

\irttlally iileytlahlc. /\s such. the \cry

Where Have You Gone,
Joe Pepitone?

lI_\ lliolltas Martello

\s lllt Yankees battle lot the trails tllts
lllll‘lllelll season might liilally licarlorthetli.l
sittlty’llltlt’s sit down atld think about the old
Yankees. \o. not the Yailkces ol
lletta. l)r\l.iggio .ltld l'tll'tl. l’ilt all'atd I‘m a
little too voting to tell t.llcs ol them. the
Yankees i think aboltt lt:t\i.‘ names like Stc\e
W llltaker. Dooley Wontack. aild l~ red l'albot.
these wetetlic \ atlkees ol the lean years alter
WM. llie bad teams tltat resembled tllc great
\ttllkccs ill lllc tact that they wore ptllstripes
.ltld played iii the ltrotl\. bttt itot much else.
lliesc were IllI old Yankees.

“hen ('lllls (hatnbltss‘ tllainzltte lliiltll
liilllng home Illll mated met the right licld
lettec to delcat the kartsas ( ily Royals ill the
cllalttplonslilp series last tall. II stgittlted the end
at a penantless drought tor the once tlllgllty
Hroiiv llotilbels.

lllc drotlglit had lasted twel\e loilg
years. and during that little it
wltole legioii ol Yankee l.tlts grew upwaltitlg
lor tltetr “inst” pennant.

lltey that rooting lot' the
Yallkeesitl tlle titties \y.t\llkl.’ tootoiglot l‘nS.

used to say

Steel. because eletytitle ktlew they weic going
to will Well. lot as. ttic"tlew hreed"ol Yatikee
tall. looting lot the Yanks was like i'oottttglor
Sotttlt Vietnam.

My last trip to Yankee Stadium was with
ttly gtandlat her alld lather til I‘lbli. llle Yattks
whipped the tigers. lt-l. and Steve thttakct
belted a graild \lltttt llottle rttll. Whitaker was
the lust lit a lotlg line ol "new superstars"
whtcll were supposed to carry on the Ruth-
(ichitg-lllMaggio-Mantle tradition. Well.
Whitaker was to last only a ten years in
piilstripcs atld tllat Yankee tealn wotlld lilllsh
iii last place. the lttst little that ltad happened
since l‘ltlll. | lltis began nty career as a Yankee
lan.

Rooting for tile Yankees ttithlise days wasa
eolillislng thing lot a young tail. llle books
and aritlotltitcis would tell us about tllc
mighty Yankees. lltl' dynastic ball tcaitl which
ruled the baseball world since the twenties. We
saw little greatness. however. on the licld.
Yankee Stadium was called the "home ol

cllalllptotls". bltt all we were exposed to were
empty gratidstailds wltlcli would only be titled
oil snill strange occasions as 'ltat Day" or
“('ap Day.

We ktlew Mickey Mantle was supposed to
be .t gleat player becattsc ollr parents alld the
rltedia told its so. they woltld repeat all of his
atllicvetllcnts and llletllltc statistics when he
wotlld atllbel tip to tile plate. ltobbled by bad
legs attd only a shell ol the ballplaycr he once
was. i suppose it tllc announcers didn‘t keep
ieiilttldlllg its ol his past greatness. it wottld
ha\e hectt dilllcltlt tor its to understand wily a
.230 ltittet would get a large ovation evet‘ytinle
he came up. ito matter what city the Yanks
were Ill. \\ e were told to respect "Number 7"
because he was symbol ol greatness. . . well
gleattlcss was not a sy lllbtll lll my old Yankees
alld Mickey was symbol ol another ttttte.

My lleto was .loc l'epittittc. Hatttboyant.
colotlttl. controversial. lllc ltrst player iii the
tllaiors ,\\’Illl his own hairdryer. Never mind
tllat llc cottld have been a great ballplaycr it he
wollld only disetplltie htmsell. Never mind
that he was a "bad ttltlueticc" till the other
yotlgei ballplayers. Nelcr illlttd that he would
occasionally sltow tlp late to the ball park or
illtss a garlic. We loved htitl. We were part ol
the l’cpl generation.

lle wotlld stride lip til the plate. tits halr
dangling oltt til the back ot lllshelmet. usually
being greeted by a llllstnrc ol cheers and boos
ltoill the crowd. l’ept wottld soak tip attetltiott
tn ally way. l‘or instance. when he got httrt.
he‘d lall to the ground. looking like he was tit
Ietrlhlc paltl. llleil. he'd rise to his leet
ll‘lttttlpllttttll)’. illilktttg the cheers Irottl tlle
crowd.

()tten he would luse his temper atld get
thrown otit til a garlic til tlle middle iii an at-
bat. Arid when he hit a ltottle run. wllttt asliow
he would pill on! l'cpi would circle the bases.
lllctl stop right before he would reach home
plate. Ite tllctt would Jump on the dish and
tlaslt a peace sign to the crowd. We loved it
because it usually tnade its torget things like
the score and ottr place ill the standings tor a
willie.

'l'liese were bad times. miiid yoti. and tllev

 

iiitgllt have to get itp aiid it.rlk.

 

 

 

' .

rs'

' comment-

 

ology. criminaljustice or public affairs. and
i the same time neglecting the basic
isciplities on which these special disciplines
re based is not very sound. Although this very

'A rgtiment has been used by the administration

rationalize a lot of expensive legal
aneuvering to seek the return of the history
nd English PhD program certifications. they
live incomprehensiny failed to allocate the
dditional professorship and required
aduate ossistantships to the chemistry
eptlrtment which. apparently. would allow
department to meet any reviewer‘s
 rit' ' ms.
Further. the use and abuse at the term
‘ quality" injttstil'yinga program's existence is
isturbing. “Quality” is a very volatile. very
oliticul concept as it is applied to scientilic
search. in particular. the quality of a
rson‘s or department's research should not
judged bytlie atnotint of research money it
ttracts or the ntlinberol' publications it puts
l‘ll'si. the ntttltber ol publications is
ltllost always directly correlated witll the
‘ mount ol lttttltL‘y‘. And the money tends to
oil ttlto the hands ol people dottlg re. arch
loiig accepted lines. or iltto the llatlds ol
ltille already ttlade sotlle
contribution to
. the histoty ol science shows tltat
ily tt'ltly revolutionary advances are the
. tilt at people working on the Iringes.
_ iitside the accepted lines of research. (A
firprlsingly large number at revolutionary
'tltllaltccs are tilade by poor students. poor
"tellehers. altd people wtthottt advatlccd
degrees.) Secondly. the \alttc ol all
individuals work Ill his owti Iteld can be
surpassed by what is accomplished by the

 

 

w lto
science.

 

ﬁ

 

  
     

WMTCNA 1 can‘t snow,
601' ? mom arms
on oowNERs

      
     

LET HE
HAVESME.‘
(GULF)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

P

bacattle even worse for Yankee lans ill I‘Kl‘).
lltat was tltc year the Mets wott tile pennant
alld the World Series lind the hearts ol all
America. except. til course. Yaitkee ltltls. At
least those (ll its wllo chose to stick it otlt with
our ltlth-placc team.

It you are a yotlg baseball lati ltl New York.
you ettller root lor the Yankees or the Mcls.
Never botll. Arid. ll you‘re a Yallkce lan. you
hate the Mets. and ti you're ti Met latl you
despise the Yankees. lhat'sjust the way it is.
Wliett the Mets won. they wrote hooks atld did
hints about their terrilie tails and how they
had waited etgllt lotlg years tor victory.
Yankee lans‘.’ We were a forgotten bunch.
especially the young ones.

I When the rest of New York watched loin
Seayer's now legcttdary “lillperlect game" on
lCchSItttt that year (my parents included). i
was tli my rootlt listening to the radio
broadcast at the Orioles thumping the
Yankees. As it ttirtled out. we “new breed"
Yatlkcc tails llatl it longer watt tor a pennant
than the much latided Med tails.

Not that there wasn't any brigllt spots
during the Yankee dark age. there area lew
plays tllat every Yankee tail ol that little will

 

 

 

great slugger who wound tip his career in Ills
llrons. aided the worli otlt Yankee llllsllllr.‘
stall by coming ill to pttcll all tinting llrl
Rock pitched a llawless timing. the villi»
rallied ttitd went ahead atld (‘olaylto \\.i~ ill.
wtrtlltllg pitcher.

Aild how abotit when Steve llalntltoti. llIi
lanky lelty reltct pitcher. would \ci‘w Ut' 7'“
lamotts“lolly lloatcr" to bewildered ll.rtstn.in'
lllere was the little when Cleveland's let“
Horton asked llatnilton to throw ltitli a tloaltt
and alter poppinglt tip. Horton etawlctl hark
titto the dugout. Or when the "Stick" (uni
Michael would pttll his hidden ball out an
unsuspecting baserttnners.

'l he Yankees til the lean years included \llt ll
players as ('htirlic Smith. .lake Gibbs. Ruhr it
Anlaro. lllad lillttston. .loe VCrl‘lillllt‘. .liiil
llttl Renntll. today these names scctli .tlulmt
magical to a tall growing up ill the bad old
days.

I there were also soiiie quality hallpl-IW"
like l‘rit/ Peterson. Hobby Mttt'cerl who lit to
“‘1” hclllc nest Mantle) and Mel Stolllctttyti‘.
the hard litek. class pitcher ot those yc.trs
When the Yanks liniilly won. all ot tliew'
l‘lilly‘l's were gone. except otle. l'lie oile pla‘o‘I

 

Z the World Series is Roy Wlltte.

 Yes. the same Roy W llrte who bats near the
 top til the order lor today's polvei'llil Yatlkec
j lilictlp. ()tll)‘ til those days. Roy blltted
i cleanup.

One question that comes ltp oltetl when
~ talking about the leatl years is ltolv tile
3 Yankees managed to [all so tar oll their throne
1 ill the mid sixties. Some will tell youthat it was
 ii poor llll‘lll systctti. ()thcrs wtll saythat it was
 the then new tree agent draft. where the
 bottont clubs picked the top prospects lirst.
Still others wtll say that it was the suddetl
 aging of the great Yankee tealtl atld tllc
ictirenteilt ol Kubck. l'ttt'd anti Richardson.

ltut ll you mould ask a Yankee latl during
the time. he'd tell yoti without a doubt: it was
llotiice Clarke. lloss had to he the one to
blame. lie was the scapegoat. especially ol
older Yankee tans. simply because he couldn‘t
ttlrtt the double play like Richardson did.
Somehow. his ltillure sort of typified the whole
Yilltkcc team. lle wasn't that htld ol tl
hitllpltlyer. bill lie was the popular one to
blame. Wlly no peilitant‘.’ Iloraee Clarke. Why
did they raise the ticket prices'l Horace
('larkc. It was so simple.

 

 

 

people he consults with in his‘own or otherw
fields. by the students in whom he has instilled
the confidence to follow both his and their.
own htinches despite ltlck ofacceptanee. and

by other researchers who look at his work and
then ttlke it one step tlnd end up with a
signilicnnt advance.

In summary. you can‘t look at grant totals
or pttblieation lists iii order to determine the
"quality" ol'a department or its l’hl) program.
I lie department tnay htlve a quality that is not
measured iii those terms. built with respect to
the advance of knowledge itl its own field and
to the advance in ttllletl fields. Attd llltally.
lailltiiig ti department for litit attracting
“quality” students is a bit ass-backward. All
academic department is supposed to produce
quality students. not attract them. this
reqtlti es tlioitey atid the proper atitltispllcre on
campus. both ol which the Administrators
lieic ltaye latletl to provide.

Andy l)etwiler
Dept. Atmospheric Science

weekend
Sickness

To the Editor:

this past week i hadtwoutllorttillatethings
happen to me. the lirst one was that l was
sick. the second tililiirtunate occurancc was
that it llappeiled on a weekend.

Not watitiltg to be an imposition. l heavily
polldeied lily dectstoil to go to the Health
Service. since the weekends are lor
"l tlleigcilcy ()lily." Alter reali/ittgtlle gravity
ol my situation i opted to get ottt ol bed. get
dressed and trudge through the rain to the
Health Sel'ltcc.

Wileil I totally reached the entranced attd
rang the “special” hell ltlt' alter hours. I was
greeted by it li'owiitilg nurse with the
stateiiletlt. “\\hat's wrong. is this an
cllteigettcy'.’". As most would
consider an emergency a life or death matter.
\\lllL ll tilttle wasn‘t. So beloi'e leyen stepped lit
the doorway til tllc llcallll Sct'\lcc l was
ttittled away and told to come back tn two

people. I

llottis.

\\'llctl | llltally got to"be seen" I wastreatcd
ill a plolessional tliailller. lloweyer. alter all i
had gone through and ill llgllt ol the I;ch that
the students were last lot'eed lll pay a llealtlt
sL'l\It'\' ice. the Student Health Service
"l-tlteigctlu l’olicy" till weekends attd alter
hours is ltttlail .tild shows little concern. ii any.
lorthe st ltdents' well-being. l'nt sure there are a
countless number ol students who go through
lttlditc stltlel'tng because ol this thoughtless
policy. i would hope that the Health Serstec
would renew their policy wttll students"
wellare ilt lllllld. This would ntakethelti a little
more receptive to students problems.

(itiry Sellatsky

 

#1

Losing was simple. too. My old Yankees
cattle close a lelv tt lnes. btlt always ladcd ill the
stretch. We always knew they would ladc. too.
bttt we hoped that maybe. somehow. they
would stirprise its. > I

Now that they've wotl tllc pennant. it is
expected that they wttl it again. it they don‘t.
there Will be disappointment. loduy‘s
Yankees are once again the llronx ltombers. a
teatli ol talctlt and egos and millionaires. A
teatll that is supposed to Will. becatlse the
horses are lllL‘I'L'.

Sometimes l watch llll‘r lL . it and i think
back to the Yallkecs or t to l-lhood. Alld l
tbttlk about a World SUllLi. Not one With
Mickey Matltle or .ltle DiMaggio. Aitd not
one wit It the MV l’ catcher or t he candy but ill
itglit Iteld. Instead. l tlltllk til a World Series
is ttll Slot illoytug his sttlkcr around attd l’epi
iillnplng tilt hottle plate alter a homer attd
llasltttlg a peace sign. Atld I dream about a
World Series which lltis the ltilal outs being
tnadc oil a double play turned over by llot‘ace
('latke.

  
 
   
  
   
    
      
   
   
    
  
       
    
   
  
  
   
    
  
    
   
     
 
    
    
     
 
   
  
      
   
     
   

 

‘ ..
(.hem Again? . I y I. y

N ow that'the dust kicked up bythe’termination ofthe Chemistry"; /
Department has ii nally settled. it‘s a bit easier to get a clear view of ex- 
actly what happened. V _ ,

The original story in the Albany Student Press of Sept. 20 was. in es-
sence. correct —— SUNYA did indeed lose its Chemistry PhD. exactly
one Week later — but it wrongly named the State Education Depart ment
as the culprit. .

In fact. the SED was responsible onlyindirectlyforthe program ter-
mination. On Monday. Sept. t9. Acting President Vincent O‘Leary
received an unfavorable report from the SED Rating Committee asa
follow-up to the provisional status given the Chemistry department by
the SED three years ago.

Faced with a negative report at this stage ofthe SED review process.
O‘Leary had the choice ofeither a struggle with the SED and the possi-
ble loss ofthe program anyway. or an internal termination ofthe
Chemistry Ph D. He decided to save face and make the out before it was
made for him.

The appropriateness ofthis decision is questionable. By the standards
ofthe Task Force. the Mission Statement and the department itself. the
Cite mistry PhD program is highly rated. Given the benefit of a calm. un-
burricd cval uation. untainted by SED reports. the Chemistry program
would probably emerge on topin a comprehensive resource re-
allocation study.

At best. the department received a raw deal. As the l'irst'SUNYA
program to reach this stage in the SED review process. must it assume
the role of mtlrtyr'l. Dying so that others may live? The hastily organized
Grad uatc Academic Council committee was forced to deal with the
Chemistry program in only two weeks. it must examine. in depth. 23
more bel'orethe Spring. A thorough department-by-department evalua-
tion in such a limited amount of time is close to impossible.

Why. given a three your waiting period. was the G AC committee
organized only at the first negative rumblings from the SED? The haste
and confusion with which the University answered the SED report only
add weight to Chemistry Department Chairman Anthony Saturno‘s
cha rgc that an objective evaluation ofthe department within the univer-
sity has not been made.

0’ Leary may be determined to bring the program upto SEDstan-
dards. but the Chemistry department experienced difficulty in attracting
high quality faculty and students with athree year provisional label. it
wi ll be even m ore difficult to meet those standards with a program that
no longer exists.

 

 

é

SPENCE RAGGto Edilar-in-Cht'e
JONATHAN Honors Managing E iiur
WALTER TltonMAN Business Manager

JEANNE .lAv Production Manager

News mtrott . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..TitoMAs MAlirELLu
AssoctAu NEWS muons . . .MATl'llliW Cox. ANer UNTERWEISER
Scouts EDITOR . . . .. .... . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. EDDIE EMEitMAN
AssoclArr s )l . mint . .Ale FIRESTON Rt(‘ll Summon
EultoniAL not: comm . . . . .. . . . . JON LAFAvrrt'rts
Anvrnrlsl ' MANAmai . .  BiliAN CAllll.L
SAth rrnsomm . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. MIKE ARUAN, Rtt . MiinMirts'rEtN

 
  
 
 
 
  

  

 

      
     
 
  

 

5

  
        
 
 
       
        
   
     
      
    
    
   
      
       

Graphite: Frank Smith

Morgue: Sandy Robinson

I'rorlucliim: lrcne Firmat. Evan
Forttnsky. Karen Hamilton. Dave
Kapluw. Debbie Kopl'. Lynn
Laufer. Laurie Lcsko. Jeff
Levitan. Loraine Liberatore. Hope
Mtlrgulies. Denise Mason. Steve
Mauer. Amy Phillips. Meg
Roland. Amy Sours. Stephanie
Sttlrer. Laurie Studwell. Laura

Slit/j ll'rflt'r.\.' Jill llabcr. Bryan
Ital/berg. l’aul llusenthal

rll’ Managers.- Stiiart Starr. lillcn
Mtlrsdcn

Preview: Helene 'lannor

lur/iirr: laurie Glaser

[lllt'tlulf Kelly Kittl

[bl/trig: Debby Yclin

l’at'rtrll manager: Ellen Fine
'lu. i/icdr: David Phillips

(ireiilatimt: ldu 'l'raschen

 

        
      
       
     
       
       
    
        
      
      

    

‘ V d wrl . Walke , t _
has... sat Mist... Plowman/m   by

 

University Photo Servtee
ESTA BLISIIEI) I9ltl

The Albany Slutlt'lli Men is published every Tuesday and Friday during the .trliool year by the
Albany Slur/cit! Pres: Corporation. an independent naI-far-proﬂt organization. Editorial
[IO/fry is delenitlricrl b y t/ttl Editor-I'It-Chieﬂ and f.t' subject to revlew by the Masthead Stuff
Mitt/trig udilrerr: Albany Student Press. CC 329. I400 Warblnglarl Ava. Albany. NY [2222.

 

 

     
     
 
      

AleN srudts onponATiON
IOAID or DIIECTOIS
S't‘thllllN thNANkA I SPENCE Memo 0 DANIEL GAtNes

   
    
       
    
 
    

 

 

 

   

