Wag-stow

m

 

 

i“ 7 By ROBERT GARDNER

No Rats, but still’good. Rats Were at
Page Hall last night, where loud Rock
and ‘Roll abounded in,the’ form of the
.Good Rats..the kings of Long Island
Party‘Rock. More than700 fans Were
greated with tumultous volumes of sound
and energy not normally found in the
Albany Area“

‘ The Good‘Rats took the audience on
an obsencnfun ﬁlled adventure through
the land of the buzzing eardrumfwhile the
‘warm up band. the Talking Heads, took
us to the limit of migrane headaches ’and
queasy stomachs. with their own form‘ of
punk :Rock (or as Good Rats‘ rythm
guitarist Mickey Marchella called it.
“skunk rock“). complete with pounding

 

album Talking Heads 77.

keyboards and guitar.

vited back.

describe the Talking Heads?

ASP: What are your future plans‘.’

 

e
$9

r Talking With the Heads

By DENNIS SCHEYER
The Talking Heads who were the opening act forthe Good Rats last night made
an appearance at Just a Song Records yesterday afternoon to promote their new

The group consists of songwriter. lead singer and quitarist David Byrne.
drummer Chris Frantz. Martina Weymouth on bass. and Jerry Harrison on

ASP: Could you tell me some of the history of the band?

Martina Weymouth: The band had been together nearlythree years with the excep—
tion of Jerry. We played at CBG B's. the famed place. The next weekthere was a big
thing in the Village Voice about the new rock and roll. After a lot oflookingaround
we signed with Sire Records last November and Jerryjoined us in timeto record the
album. Following that we toured Europe and were well enough received to be in-

ASP: You say you are not a “new wave“ or punk rock band. how would you

Weymouth: The Ramones are our favorite new American band. We think it is very
important to communicate to an audience in a sincere manner and we don‘t like
huge stadiums and things. But all the audience has to do is listen to our sound and
they can tell that we are not punk rock. People basically like to havea goodtime.
and we like to think of ourselves as new. the newest thing.

ASP: l have read that youthinkahit single isimportant.do youstill feelthat way?
Jerry Harrison: We‘ll just keep making records we like and if the programmers
think one could be a hit we won‘t discourage them.

ASP: How did you get the name Talking Heads?

Harrison: A friend of ours who lives in Chicago now picked it out of T.V. Guide.
ASP: What are your musical influences?

(fhris Frantz: When I was younger I didnlt have a record collection. I listened to
what ever was being played on the radio. In the car my parents didn‘t listen to the
rock and roll stations but sometimes they did itjust to shut me up! I heard stufflike
“ Flying Purple People Eater“ and “ Big Bad John." “ Duke of Earl" and Elvis. I liked
"'I'railer for Sale or Rent" and “ Hit the Road Jack.“ “ Blue Velvet" by Bobby Vinton
until the Beatles came out and thats when I thought about beingin Rock and Roll.
At that time it was impossible, but now it is and it‘s fun.

Harrison: We will be playing in the U.S. until about Christmas and then we‘ll goto
Europe and then we may start on another album and tour some more.

N

 

J

.  a , ~ /
A History of the BIA'III
THE BEST OF THE BEATLESI From Liverpool to legend 2 amelan
hours of the retest concert performances — studio rationals - BBC and
USA T.V. show, home moviee and lnterviews....touether in one outrageous
prover". The Beatles in you’re never seen them. This is the finest collec-
tion of the rarest Beetle films you’ll ever see. .
This in note mutti media or slide llIDw. . ‘

7 DAYS ONLY! STARTS TODAY!

 

Fox Colonic
SHOWTIMES , .
Tonile: l0. i2 Mia.w°gojlg:,"ig'_3§ ;,'(‘,"2‘j‘fy"
Sat.: 2.4.6,8.I0,I2 mid.
Su 2.4.6.3.l0 PM
Daily: ii & I0 PM

 

lIto
Schenectady. 370 I920

Mohawk Mell
wn Road

Sunday and Weekdays:
2.4.6.8.“) PM.

. Ari-"V. I ,
Ky? ' 1‘.

SHOW'I‘IMES - ‘
Tonitc a so: 2.4.6. .l0.l2 mid. lelteil

rythms and aching heads.

They looked harmless enough on the
outside. but on the inside they Were every
bit the punks they proffessed to be.
Incredibly drone. generating enough
noise to cut through ajet blast. carressing
our ears with tear jerkers such as "Hot
Love“ and “Psycho Killer“, and
screaming sweet nothings into our ears.
the Talking Heads transformed into the
“Screaming Lips". causing the Rat fans to
shout in disgust.

But the Heads took it as a compliment,
for they returned to torment us again with
an encore. If this is new wave. send me
back out to see. I‘ll drown in “Black
Sabbath“ before I listen to this.

It luckily wasn‘t long until the Good
Rats came out to relieve us. After l3 years
of Working in the business ofkeepingthe
bar crowds. the Rats have comeintotheir
own as one ofthe premier Rock bands on
the east coast.

Delivering tight tunes all evening. the
Rats kept the Partisan crowd happy with
such tunes as “Tasty.” "lnjun Joe.“ and
“ Fineball Express.“ They also played four
songs from their uncoming release on
Passport Records(which is distributed by

Time is
running
.  out!

Come to the ASPects meeting. 7:00

pm. this Sunday night, and Join the

NEW campus arts and feature
magazine.

CC 329

r—_—————-——————————————

{’c t

Arista Records).

“From Rats to Riches“is scheduled for
release on January l5. Peppi Machcllo.
lead singer and writer of all the Good
Rats music said that from “Rats to
Riches" was recorded in ||7 hours
(including mixing) and is being produced
by Flo and Eddie.

Machello said that a tour was being
arranged for the future and Flo and Eddie
would be warming up for them. The
Good Rats. with antics such as Peppi
carrying “The Cat“ Gatto on his
shoulders while he was whaling away at
some furious lead and throwing not the
usual rubber rats. but tied up T-shirts into
the audience from l’eppi's garbage can
(the reason for the recent decline in Rat
throwing lately was a dock strike i n llong
Kong. but new shipments are expected
soon) kept us happy and lottd lor the
entire evening. Two great cncorcs
rounded out the evening ofRowdy. Rock
and Roll. leaving Albany happy but a
little less coherent.

I‘m sure many will be happy to know
that the Rats will be all around the (II.
Met at New York arena till Christ mas. .10
until then. RAT ON!

,4.

|
I
l
I
l
I
|
!

___.

 

 

 

NOTICE

The Physical Iiducation lltnldtng
will be closed from

3:00 pm. on Wetlncsdtt)

until h’.00 iI.Ill. on

Monday. Noi. 2h

 

 

 

 

 

 

Itnmorttilize ,i'oursclf

PHOENIX

The submission deadline for the full issue is
Tuesday, November 29th

in

 

 

 

Engagement

for more information call 7—Iti7J

 

 

The Real Paced-v.4 " 

By JENNIFER WOLFE

On January 16, I976, SUN I’A student Doug binge registered/or classes. That same
day. he was arrested for possession and sale of one pound of marijuana. He was
convicted and sentenced from zero to four years of imprisonment under Rackefeller’s
“ Get tough with pushers" drug law that carried a maximum sentence of 15 years for
possession of a quarter ounce of marijuana.

. Lange spent the next year and three months in three different correctional
institutions. Under Ihepresent decriminalizcdpot laws. it is doubtful that Lange would
have gone to jail at all. Thefolloii'ing are cxrerptsfi'om a taped conversation at the
Coxsacltie Correctional Institution. 0 medium security prision located just outside the
small. rural town of Coxsackic New York.

 

1
ASP: What were you doing with a pound
of marijuana?

Lenge: I was going to sell it. I was called
the evening before my arrest by someone I
had known for over two years and who I
had occasionally picked up small
amounts of marijuana for. He asked me
to bring a pound of marijuana the next
evening and when I went to him I was
surrounded by the police. He had set me
up. He was working with the police
department. Most likely. they had caught
him with a small amount of marijuana.
He agreed to set me up for an arrest in
exchange for clemency.

ASP: Did you do a lot of'dcoling."
Lounge: I never sold anything other than
marijuana. Usually no larger than a
pound.

ASP: ll but were you doing at lllt' time of
your arrest."

Langc: I was not working at the time. I
didn‘t know what I wanted to do. so [just
sold a little marijuana and worked
occastonnlly as a bartender. I decided to
go to school. registered and got arrested
the same day. l was injail without bail for
thc lirst two days and then I received bail.
I posted bail (Sl0.000) and started classes
at SIJNYA two days late tindcoiiip ctcd
one semester while" on ball. I was
sentenced right after the conclusion oft he
'76 Spring semester.

ASP: llon' tlitl ‘I‘Oliliflltlllll‘ react."
Lange: llicy just didn‘t believe I should
be in jail. At first they were very upset.
Afterwards, they gave me all the support
that they could.

ASP: What were your glitclingx about
being in prison."

Lange: It was mixed. At first. l was kind
of mad cause I‘d been setup. I didn‘t like
jail at all. I‘d never been in ajail before
and I hated it and Ijust wantedto get out.
I knew that l was breaking the law by
possessing marijuana. I don‘t believe in
marijuana laws. I believe they are
oppressive and ljust don‘t feel I should be
injail for it.

ASP: What was the first institution you
went to and what were your reactions?
Lange: Elmira. New York. It‘s the worst
part of going to prison. It‘s the reception
center where you‘re given clothes and a
number. your hair is cut. you‘re sprayed
for bugs. They do all the psychological
and physical testing at that center before
you‘re sent out to a facility where you
stay. The psychiatrist I saw for maybe
three minutes. at which time they offered
me any kind ofdrug I might need to make
it through prison. They had a pad of
prescription blanks on their desk andthey
ask you if you need any drugs to calm you
down. I said no. I don‘t want any drugs
because they have a habit of doping
people up which i didn't want to do. I had
seen a few people who were on
depressants for a long time and once
you‘re oti them. a lot of times. they force
you to take them and Ijust wantedtostay
away from them.

ASP: Arc illegal drugs also easy to get in
prison."

Lange: Yeah, smuggled in. A lot of
people, if they could get it. were smoking

 

 

 

 

PAGE 2A

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

NOVEMBER 18, 1977

ﬁt. some people had pills brought in. I‘ve

NOVEMBER 18. 1977‘

seen cocaine and heroin in prison.

ASP: How were the guards."

Lange: At Elmira. the guards are pretty
tough. They wouldn‘t hesitate to beat you
if it was necessary. even if it was
unnecessary. Ijust avoided them as much
as possible.

ASP: You then went to (.‘oxxackie
( 'orrcctionul Facility. What was that like."
Langc: It was a step up from Elmira. At
least it was a place where l was closer to
home.

ASP: What were the physical conditions
of your cell and the prison iii general."
Lange: At Coxsackic the cell was about
live by eight feet. It had a bed. a toilet. a
sink with cold water and a window with
bars. there was a light and that was it.
I here \vcrcjacks in the wall we could plug
into it we had headphones to listen to the
radio. Prisons are in really poor
condition. lhcy‘rc infested with sortie
sort ol bugs. some sort of rodent. lilmira
people had pet mice on strings they used
to take for walks. Usually il'you are really
clean you can avoid the bugs. 1 never
caught anything. luckily. but there wcrc
many people who did.

ASP: ll'ltot it'u.\;J'uut‘ daily routine like."
Lange: Oh you get up in the morning at
6:30. you march down to eat breakfast.
You’re given some kind of program all
day lotig. Luckily. I was able to get an art
program and there was a good instructor.
All day I stayed in the art program and iii
evening I was involved in the college
program. So I was busy. It‘s itnportant to
keep busy. Weekends arc the worst time
because there is nothing to do.

ASP: Were you able to get all lllt‘ books
you ii‘ttntctl."

Langc: Hooks had to bc censored by thc
Director of Education and that was a
kind of a lengthy process that I didn‘t
bother going through. I had most of my
books smuggled in through friends from
the outside. A lot ofsciencfiction. It was a
good escape form of reading. I read up on
prisons. to learn as much as Icould. l was
looking for legal ways to get out.

ASP: Were you ever sick, and did you get
help."

Lange: I got sick quite a few times. My
wisdom teeth were in really bad shape. I
didn‘t want to see the dentist because he
was a butcher. so I took pain relievers.
ASP: Did you get many letters and visits?
Were you lonely?

Lange: I was lonely even with letters
because everything was so superficial.
Even in the visiting room you had a guard
watching you constantly. You are
allowed bodily contact at the beginning
and end ofthe visit to kiss. or bug, to say
hello. goodbye. Just the fact you're sitting
in a prison talking to your family or
friends puts a restriction on the
conversation.

ASP: What were the other inmates like."
( ‘ou/tl you make friends?

Lange: There's a really wide cross-section
of people. from non-violent to violent
people. Since I was arrested for
marijuana. I don't consider myself a
violent person at all. l‘in a very passive
person. It didn't really sell well with me.
walking around. sleeping near people

.1,

who have committed multiple murders or
something like”! a . there were a lot
of peoplel'rom New York lg citieethet
llear ’ a lot from. Igot to find outtheir
feeling:d
and tough. sure, but they knew I was in
college which very few people in prison
are. and they knew I was doing some
writing about prison. so they were pretty
open with me.

ASP: One hears all the TV cliches about
gangs in prisons, gang rapes, that sort of
thing. Is that true?

Lange: True. yeah. It‘s broken up usually
in white. black and Puerto Rican.
Everywhere I went Istayed with whites,
although there's a certain amount of flow
between the groups of mutual friends. As
far as rapes go. I think that‘s unique to
prisons. I usually heard of a couple a
month anyway. Some were reported.
They‘re pretty common. I think the
biggest problem is when they put a violent
and non-cviolent types together. When
that happens, one becomes the aggressor
and one takes advantage of theother.
lherc‘s just a lot of people who are by
themselves. who can‘t make friends and
don't have any way to protect themselves.
ASP: What do the guards or correctional
officers do about violence among
inmates."

Lange: I know guards that if two people
wanted to settle a dispute. they‘d let them
light. I think sometimes theyjust enjoyed
watching fights. Other times it wasj ust to
let the inmates get it off their chests.
ASP: l)id you/ind anything about prison
demeaning?

Lange: The strip searches get to be

'bothersomc. (A strip search is when a

correctional officer checks a nude inmate
under the arms and genitals for any
contraband) I went through them so
Ill. ny times I can‘t cven count. I was
searched by a female guard at one time. I
saw a female guard search a good
hundred people. I suppose it is necessary.
but beitig sprayed for bugs isn‘t too
pleasant.

ASP: Do guards ahttxc imitates."

Lange: Sure. I‘ve seen it. Some ofthcm I
believe are actually sick. sadistic. A
couple of them are alcoholics. I‘m sure.
lhcy have a bad night at home. thcy cotne

mAWJ/zwmh

 

 

V r/zra—Aﬂalzﬂmw”////./l 1”“

[ALBANYIBTUDENT PRESS

about prison. 0h. they’re rough '

[in and relieve their: frustrations.

ASP:  you believe: in 'pri:

‘ Milt.” people?

Luge: No. Prisons were  prisons ‘

until about l97l, when they changed the? *
name to~eorreetionel institutions, and?

guards became correctional officers.’
Nothing reallychenged except the names.f
Many guards just believe the best kind of.
rehabilitation is punishment. As far as'
rehabilitation goes. that is a falsehood.
The only rehabilitation that occurs in
prison is done by the individual just
because he hates prison so much. It‘s
punishment. not rehabilitation.

ASP: What about the programs offered-
in prisons?

Lenge: The programs New York State
supplies. such as the shops. are really bad.-

The most beneficial programs are the-

voluntecr programs where colleges come
in from the outside. The only program is
that the average educational agein prison
is about fourth grade. So the colleges
actually help the people who need it the
least. like myself. I had access to a fine
college program. I got prcferencial
treatment in every prison I went to
because of my education. It‘s the people
who have the fourth grade education who
don‘t hav it so well. There is a program
called Literacy Volunteers. not supplied
by the State. which is one of the more
beneficial programs.

ASP: Are the programs recognized
l)IlI.\'lt/¢’ oj'priron." I

Lange: Well. you get this little bubble.

gum certificate. and I can‘t imagine
anyone walking up to an employer

saying. I received this in prison. would.

you hire me? I don‘t think they‘d lookntoo
favorably. Only some of the college
rclcasc programs. which are going
downhill. are accredited. But at
Coxsackic there are about 750 people.
There were never enough programs. A
good l00 inmates were on l’re-Program-
Placement. That just meant they had no
place to put this person and theyjust hung
out in the yard all day long. You sit on
pavement. Well now I believe they have
some picnic tables. but they just sit out
there in the snow. or the rain or whatever.
play cards. smoke cigarettes. and fight.

t“—

; vvctuma-J .773

 

 

wwwuuwwrlh u..—nnnnw. m...

 

‘ sew-«raga? a»,

 

 

