   
    
  
  
  
 
  
    
   
  
  
   
  
 
  
   
 

I . P, l)a

on this. toe-tottoe.” said Col. Jack
. Brennan. le‘on's‘chief of staff. in a
“*“tel'epitorie' call to The Associated
Press. “We just arenpositivegv we
know. that phrase doesnot appear in
the transcript of the special
prosecutor‘s ofﬁce." ,

The letter from Nixon's lawyer
Herbert J. Miller was addressed to
Benjamin Bradlee. executive editor
of the Post. Bradlee was out of town
and there was no immediate com-
ment from any spokesman for the

' ‘Mafch 2|. I973‘nie'e‘ting iii the Oval
1 ".Ofﬁce." saidr'tbe story by Bob
dtogototlie mat ‘

 

' ha “With a deCharles-W. Colaon on:

. l 73 _ , 
i on has; maintained. and no

 

‘ prevmus tapes havelcoritradieted.
 that be first learned of the requests
' f'forthe ‘hush mo y‘;from White

 

 

House counsel .loh W; Dean III at a

 

Woodward and Scott Armstrong.
“The date' became Nixon‘s
principle line of defense in rebutting

'charges that he'was 'iiware of the

Watergate cover-up earlier than

> Marcth.“

The article went on to say that in
the Jan. 8 meeting Nixon said “God
damn hush money. uh. how are we
going to [unintelligible] how do we
get this stuff..."

Miller‘s letter to Bradlee said “the

'draft cited by the Post was subse-

quently revised. Aniong many other

 

'  titeitraiiaeript the that

     

transcript 'containja‘ no .r'et'e
Whitever to ,Iiusb money."

conﬁrm thia'.‘.'  - »
The Post was asked to retract the

‘ .story “by publishing a compensating

headline article stating,,t,hat. the
Special Prosecutor's tramcript of
the Jan. 8.
between Richard Nixon and Charles

,Coliion contained no reference to

hush money." '
Nixon: “Umue”
Colson. too. has denied there was

-mention of hash money in the con-

lversation. part of which was in-
troduced as evidence in the
Watergate cover-up trial.

Brennan said the portion of the
conversation where the reference
was said to have occurred. wasn‘t
about Watergate at all. He said it
was a discussion of how to get
publicity on a story written about
fund-raising and revolved around
Sen. Birch Bayh. D-lnd.

i The Perfect Pregnancy Test

BU FF A L0 (A P) A rcfi ned pregnan-
cy test has been found to be 99.5 per
cent accurate in 544 cases evaluated
at Deaconess Hospitiil here.

Dr. Jack Lippes. chairman of the
obstetrics til the hospital. said the
new blood test can conﬁrm pregnan.
cy in a woman as early as one day

History Failures

t'0III/Illlt’l/jl‘nllt page one

deserve the reputation. that we're‘

better than that. yet they say that
they won‘t join the department
because it hits a bad reputation."

. “They [senior scholars] don’t need
us'hiidly.“ said Ziicek. “They're cs-
tabiishcd and they want it ltirgc corp
of st itdcnts to work from. All of'tliis.
niost‘alreiidy have. You can offer
tbcnt mo_ncy and privileges. but let‘s
face it. we‘re not one of the top
history departments inthe country.“

New York st atc‘s reputation of be-
ing financially unstable hasn't
helped SU NYA's recruitment cause.
either. -

‘TThe university as a whole iind all
agencies within the state have
uquircd a reputation as a financial
risk." said history professor Sung
Bok Kim. who is nationally renown-
ed. “New York State is seen its a
place with its economy in the quick-
sand. 'l'op stars who have acquired
long years of service would not come
to Albany or any other public in-
stitution in New York State. It's the
entire state that's on trial. not this
department."

CORRECTION

In Friday's Asl’it should have been
noted that although assistant clec-
tion commisioncr Jon Levenson was
associated with Robin I’erchik‘s
presidential campaign. he did not
count ballots for the presidential
race. '

after menstruation was to have
begun. I

Furthermore. the test can indicate
at that early dittc if the pregnancy is
abnormal. he said.

The most accuriitetest now used is
9ft per cent accurate. said Lippes.
who is best known for his invention
of the Lippcs Loop binh control
device.

Like other pregnancy tests. the
new one is based on the presence ofa
hormone culled human Chorionic
(ioniidotrophin. The ' hormone is
produced by the human placenta
beginning early in pregnancy.

The refinement involved it quain-
litittivc analysis of iiCU in the
patticnt's blood. Lippcs said. 'l'bctcsf
is based on the work of Dr. Om I’.
Bahl. chairman ofthe cell molecular

biology at the State University at
Buffalo. who first isolated and
purified the hCU molecule in I972.

Because the amount of hCG
produced in early pregnattcy mul-
tiplies geometrically. periodic
readings that show a lesser increase
would indictitc Iln abnormal fetus
developing. Lippes said.

In the Il-montb study of the new
test. I84 womcntcslcd positively and
360 negatively. There were no cases
where the test said it woman was
pregnant when. in fact. she was not.

False Negatives

'I'Iirec false negative readings were
recorded. l.ippes said. In all three
cases tltc women miscarried within
48 hours. indicating thiit the fetuses
may have already been (fetid when
tested. tic snid.

Gmdhwmﬂwdmaw

A recent SUNYA student died
Saturday its the result of what
button town police said weretwo .22
caliber gunshot wounds to the head.
The wounds were self-inflicted.
police said.

Miciiacl Hundycz. age 22. was
found in the driver's seat of his car
around 5:30 pm. Saturday by police

NOTICES
The deadline for applications to
receive the ‘I'roy Business and
Professional Women‘s Club $200
Scholarship is May 9. I977. The
club will award the scholarship to a
woman residing in the 'l'roy iirca. in~
cluditig Watervliet itnd rural areas in
Rensselaer County. who is enrolled
in one of tiic colleges in the area for
the purpose of completing ll degree
program. or is taking courses for the
purpose of advancing her position.
Applications are available in Al)
I29. CC ill). CC Jo]. and 0A II4.

 

The Special

 

SCRUE

Committee to Review the Un-
dergraduate Experience announces an open meeting
on Tuesday, May III at 7:30pm. in the Campus
Center Assembly Hall.

' WANTS YOU

 

 

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDNT PRESS

who siiid the car was locked. A gun
was found in Hundycfs hand in that
time.
January Graduate

He was taken to Albany Medical
Center where he Wits pronounced
dead.

it undycr. graduated
SUN YA in January.

Trustees Meet
At SWA

To comply with legislation
tidopted last year. the SUNY Board
of 'l‘rustccs will hold a public hcitring
here iit SUNYA later this month.

If you would like to air a gripe
before the board at their May 25
licariiig. you must conlitct Universi‘
ty Secrctnry Miirtlia Downey in ad-
vnnce. She eiin be rciiclied Ill 474-
7906. In addition. you must have five
copies of your prepared testimony
ready on the din of the hearing to be
handed to the Hearing Registration
Officer before you speak.

If you can say what you want to
say to the people who run your
academic lives in three minutes or
icss.jiist walk tip to the hearing of-
ﬁcer and give him your name. lftimc
allows. you will get achancetospeak
at the end of the hearing.

The hearing will he held from 2
[M1]. to 4:30 p.m. In the Campus
Center Assembly Hall.

from

. Hie: ..
recordsﬁol‘ the special prosecutor ’

I973. conversation I

   
 
   
 

         
  

  
 
 

 

Carter Calls For Welter. Overhaul
WASHINGTON (AP) President Carterproposed scrapping the present ,
welfare system, Monday and replacing it with a multi-tiered program to
provide jobs f or those who can work, cash for those who can‘t and income tax
credits for the working poor. HEW Secretary Joseph A.'Califano Jr.. who
called welfare reform “the Middle East of domestic politics." told reporters
the eventual cost 'of the plan and many details still have not been worked out.
The President promised~he would complete the legislative proposals to
implement the new system by the first week in August after consultations
with legislative leaders in each of the 50 states. He said the initial cost of the
revised system he will propose won't cost any more than the present system;
which is now budgeted at $23.6 billion for ﬁscal I978.

Report Cites Increase In USSR Military Strength
LONDON (AP) In a report critical of Carter administration policies. on r
authoritative research institute said Friday that the Soviet Union is steadily 3
building and modernizing its military power while the West wavers. The
International Institute for Strategic Studies said in its annual survey that
President Carter's disarmament policies “smacked of obsolete concepts“ and
his human rights statements had destroved the cordiality and trust in East-
West relations. The institute‘s study of the world military balance also said
that in contrast to backing and ﬁlling in the West. the Soviet arms buildup has
gone ahead and “in almost every area seems to outpace the intensity and
scope of Western military programs."

lrlah Council Prepared for a Bloodbath

BELFAST. N. Ire. (A P) Protestant militants organizinga nationwide general
strike to begin at midnight Monday claim Britain is prepared "for a
bloodbath“ against the strikers. “We have been counting the number of
soldiers coming into i he province over the last few days and our head-count is
something like 8.000." said Jim Smyth. a spokesman forthe United Unionist
Action Council. the organization that called the strike: Roy Mason. Britain‘s
Secretary of State for Northern Ireland. “is prepared for a bloodbnth here
tommorrow.“ Sinth told a news conference. The British government has
reported sending. l.200 soldiers to Ulster over the past three days. bringing
the total army strength to |5.500.

Arledge Named Head of ABC News and Sports
NEW YORK (AP) Amid an investigation of a network—sponsored boxing
tournament. Roone Arledge was named the new President ofABC News and
Sports yesterday. Frederick S. I’iercc. president of ABC television. said the
appointment Wits effective June I. Arledge. who has been president of All(‘
sports since l9hli. will direct till activities of ABC News. including special
events. Arledge replaced William Shcehan. who has been named to the ncwly
created position of senior vice president. Sheehan will report to Arledge.
Arledge‘s appointment had been rumored for months. but allegations of
inaccurate records ol'some ofthe boxers in the Us. Boxing Championships
tournament and possible kickbacks from fighters to managers threatened to
pull him down as well. The tournament. financed entirely by ABC. was
suspended last month.

Assembly Passes ‘Wiiistle Blli’ for the Elderly
ALBANY. N.Y. (Al’) The state Assembly on Monday passed a package of
legislation for senior citizens. highlighted by a bill that would give every
senior citizen a three cent whistle. The Senate and Assembly both passed
measures to ban credit discrimination against elderly citizens and to make
home health care insurance coverage available under Medicare. But the
emphasis was on crime against seniors. as the lawmakers approved bills to
guarantee senior citizen representation on crime control commissions. and
appropriated 330.000 for the plastic whistles. The "whistle bill."as itciimcto
be called during it long debate. was criticized as a meaningless sham. and
defended as "worth it shot“ because it might save one person from a mugging.
“This is the most ridiculous bill." said Assemblyman Fred Field. R-Albitiiy.
as he left the chamber in disgust. Field is the top GOP member of the
Assembly Aging Committee.

 

l

Senate Keeps Pot Blli Alive

ALBANY N.Y. (AP) The Republican majority inthe state Senate. which last
year killed a measure decriminalizing possession of small amounts of
marijuana. decided Monday to keepthe measure alive this year. But the bill
may undergo more alteration before it actually reaches the ﬂoor fora vote.
The bill. sponsored by Sen. Douglas Barclay. R-Oswcgo. would make
possession of less than l’ounces of put it violation, like it traffic ticket. subject
to no more than it Slflf) line. It would also relax penalties on possession and
stile of larger amounts. Iiitt would retain prison terms for those offenses
Biirclity‘s bill Iciivcs lhc law stricter than would ll dccriminttliztttioii IllCil\iIlL'
curi‘ciitly awaiting action in the Assembly. But it Wits still too broad forsomc
Republicans. who insisted that “today consider amendments to the lull.
including stiffer sentences for repciirtcd offenders.

Niagara Mohawk Nets $49 Million Profit

SYII A(.‘lJSl€' N.Y. (A I’) lllgiicr rtitcs offset thecffects ofthe severe wi titer to
bring in $49 million in net income during the first quarter of I977 for upstate
New York‘s liygest utility. Niagara Mohawk Power Corp.. officials rcporlcti
Monday. Net income rose by more titan $8 million over the same period last
year Niagara Mohawk officials said. Higher gas andelectric rates charged by
tile utility were cited by Joliit liaehi Jr.. company president. for the increased
earnings. Nittgrti Mohawk serves 3.5 million electric customers across 24.000
square miles of upstate New York and “6.000 gas customers.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

MAY 3. 1977

V r; :by Bryan'Holsberg V

 

 

  
 
   

  

..I'

v In what may befthe first ruling of

,_ is kind lathecouniry.tlieNe'w York
State Court? of Appeals ordered a‘ 1
former SUN-YA student Thursday to »
repay almost $4000 in student loans; 
voiding his attempt to erasethelde'bt '

through declaring bankruptcy. '

Whitney George Wilkes of
Guilderland had a job in the State
Education Department Division of ‘
Research and Evaluation, earning a
$9000 salary at the time in which he
ﬁled for bankruptcy. according to
court papers.

According to the papers. Wilkes
had received loans fromthe National
Direct Student Loan Program while
it, student at SUNYA. Through
them. he went on to recieve a
bachelor‘s degree in I968 and a
master's degree in I969.

“In recent years.” wrote Chief
Judge Charles Breitel for the Court.
“an increasing number of student
borrowers have chosen toextinguish
their loan obligations through
bankruptcy rather than through
payment. The number of student
loan bankruptcies has increased

3,; frame cumu ative total oracle for

anag'gregate ‘of;_842‘.4 millionifrom
the beginninggof the studentvloan
program. to .8969 for. an
aggregate “of: SI illion by
February. ms; “ ‘

     

 

v as amt-naps; » 

The national loan program used
by Wilkes is one of two major

Federalfsponsored loan programs;

the other beingthe Guarranteed Stu-
dent Loan Program. Wilkes’ NDSL
loan permits recipients to pay the
loan off at ten per cent each year he
works as a full-time public teacher.

Wilkes declared himself bankrupt
in October of I970. ﬁve months
before the ﬁrst installment on the
loan fell due.

“Discharge of the debt. . . would
be out of harmony with the basic
purpose of the Bankruptcy Act."
wrote Breitel. “which is to relieve
honest debtors of the crushing
burdens of heavy debt." Breitel said
Wilkes did not ﬁt this description.

Breitel wrote that it appeared to
the court that Wilkes ﬁled for
bankruptcy solely to avoid repay-
ment of student loans.

Admissions Dispute Causes
Old Westbury Student Strike

A student strike that had closed
the State University College at Old
Westbury last week has ended. but
the cause. a dispute on the ad-
missions policy towards women and
minority groups. has yet to be stifled.

“There is still a lot of hostility.“
said student strike leader Francisco
Raicz.

Acting President Edward Todd
ctillcd the result of. a |6—_hour
negotiating session that broke a
deadlock that had closed classes for
a week. “a soft agreement. They
didn't get very much.“

Raicz said an agreement was
rciiclicd which established quotas for
female. non-white. and older
students; the rctcritioti of an open
admission policy. improved married
housing. tltc formation of a collcgc
senate. and the establishment of a
student life advisory board. SUC
Old \Vestbiiry‘s charter already
called for such direction.

Iflicully Support

l'ilcllily iltlti volcd its ll body to
support Ilic strike. ('cntrul was the
dcsiic to reinstate two popultirfacui-
l_\ members who. although
recommended for tcnurc by \iii'ious
committees. lind only been granted
)‘CiIIh contracts.

Strike leaders said the faculty
mctiibcrs had llttti tciitirc difficulties
\\’II h the president ol'tlic school when
they taught cottrscs emphasizing
spccinl desires 'of Old Wcstbllry

sludciils siicli its renicdiiii ninth and

African-Carribean culture and
dance.

Raiez said the strike settlement
called for the two faculty cases to be
reviewed by SUNY Central. which
deviated front the standard practice
of tenure decisions being left to the
individual college. He added that a
state of suspended strike would re?
main in effect until a final decision
was reached in the two cases.

Wilkes could not be reached for

comment and a secretary 1at his

Education Department ofﬁce refus- -

'ed to give out information concer-
ning his whereabouts. .

SUNYA Directorﬁof Financial
Aids Donald Whitlock said he had
yet to, assess the impact of the ruling
on loans at SUNYA.

Whitlock said he was aware of
only small numbers of SUNYA stu-

dent bankruptcies. He added that -

the school has the best repayment
rate of SUNY sponsored student
loans of the four university centers.

“We have an eight and one-half
per cent delinquency rate on loans
out." Whitlock said. “the onlycenter
under ten per cent.

Senate to

by Matthew Cox

A University Senate council that
has input into faculty tenure and
promotion decisions will not be
abolished this year. The Senate
decided yesterday to postpone a mo
tion for the elimination ofthe Coun-
cil on" Promotions and Continuing
Appointments until its fall meeting.

The Council. which includes four
students among its thirteen
members. is currently one of the
thrce bodies through which faculty
candidates for promotion and tenure
are reviewed before a final decision is
made by the university president. It
is the only level on which students
have an ofﬁcial say on tenure.

Changing Role

According to Senate chairperson -

Clara Tucker. the proposal to
eliminate the Council was made by
the Senate Executive Committee

Stony Brook Student

Stony Brook student government
president is due to bescnfcncedto l2
days llljtlll this week for his role in it
campus demonstration held to
protest calendar changes at the till-
ivcrsity. according to Stony Brook's
student newspaper. the .S‘Imr-rmun.

(ici'i'y Mltnginclli. president of the
Stony Brook Polity (their student
association) was among niiic
students u ho were lined il total of
$527 for their role in a demonstra‘
tion held last February when
changes in VilCilllOll and finals
scllcdllilllg ill Stony Brook were an-
noiiiiccd.

"We held ll iittlc demonstration
here in licbrunry which lasted about
foiiriccn hours.“ Stall-rum" News
Dircctoi David Rat/.Icr said ycstcr-
day.

“'l'licy‘d changed our calendar
around mid piit finals week the first

week we returned from interses-
sion." Ritzlcr stiid. Intcrscssion was
also shortened from three weeks to
one. he explained. and the opening
of school in the fall was pushed back
a week.

2000 Students

An estimntcd 2000 students
gathered on the Stony Brook cum-
pus on l‘cb. 23 and 24m participate
in the demonstration. 'I‘wcnty-I'ivc
students were originally charged
with civil contempt when ilicy refus-
ed to disperse Ill adiiiinstratioii rc-
qucst. Charges against all but nine of
those students were subsequently
dropped.

“(icrry was singled out for punish-
ment basically because he was siu»
dent government president." Ritzicr
said. “The judge‘s opinion on tile
cnsc Wits totally outrageous. He said
he found (ierry had acted arrogantly

 

 

&
MAY 3. 1977

  

 

 

v_ ., . . . - ‘ - ‘ u wouo
Perimeter Road, near the Hyatt House entrance. wasthe scene of an accident last Friday afternoon.
One person was Injured. and taken to a local hospital a halt hour after Ftva Ouad'e antral- j

 

   
  
   

 
  
 

   
   
  
 
 

 

 
 

  

  

   

 
 
 

 

 
 

M.

 

 
 

sunva Director of Finandl Aide Donate Wisdom in. yet to cause
the Impact at SUNVA ot the Court of Appeals ruling on loans.

Keep Tenure Council

because the Council‘s role “has
changed over the years". She told the
Senate yesterday that the Council
will not be formally recognized as a
review' body under a proposed
teaching faculty contract. Two other
Academic Review Committees at the
departmental and college levels. are
specified in the contract. she said.

Tucker also related that the Coun-
cil. officially a Senate body. does not
report to the Senate and does not
operate under Senate direction.

“There's been some talkthat we've
lost control of the Council." student
Senator Paul Feldman noted. Feld-
man is a member of the Senate Ex-
ecutive Committee.

SUNYA President Emmett Fields
told the Senate that because this is a
young university. the various
schools and departments within
SUNYA have reached different

levels of development. and may vary
in the consistency of their decisions.
He advocated retention ofthe Coun-
cil. and explained that ifthe Council
were abolished. the president‘s office
probably would seek to'replace it
with asimilar source of input.
Council Support

Warren Uoldenberg. one of two
undergraduate Council members.
told the Senate that the Council was
necessary to provide a review outside
of the Academic Review Com-
mittees. .

According to Goldenberg. the
manner in which an applicant's file is
presented to the Academic Review
Committees can affect the com-
mittees‘ rceommendations. He add-
ed that an evaluation by a group con-
taining faculty members. ad-
ministrators. and students could be
useful in advising the president.

Leader Bound for Jail

towards what he [Manginclli]
perceived as the bureacracy."

Razlcr added that Manginelli
plans to appeal the sentence. which
will not be made official until later
this week.

Mttnginclli and the eight other
students convicted in the case could
have each received ltcnvicr fines and
tip to thirty days injail. Razlcr said.
Money to pay the $527 in lines has
been raised already as a result of a
“Stony Brook 25“ dance Iicld to
gather liiiids.

Siiideitts at Stony Brook held a
rally last Tuesday after the sentence
became known. to stimulate interest

in the case. The Statesman reported
that Manginclli is the first Stony
Brook student to be sentenced as a
result of a campus demonstration in
five years.

An editorial in the April 25
SIM/1mm!" called the administration
“unl'ccling” and said the University
"could llttvc prevented the judge
front imposing any penalties zit till."

Roller siiid the issue has gained
the attention of the campus.

"Joan Baez gtch a concert here
Saturday night and dedicated the
song‘Joe Hill‘ to (icrry Mttiiginclii."
Rallcr stated.

— let. Cox

Benecke Pleads Not Guilty
To Grand Larceny Charge

by Thomas Martello

Former Class of '78 President
Marc Bencckc was arraigned in
Albany County Court yesterday
after being indicted last Thursday.

Bencckc pleaded not guilty to the
charge of third degree (iriind
larceny.

Class Theft

Bencckc. who is accused of steal-
ing ‘class funds from the Class of
‘78. was arraigned before Judge
John J. Clyne.

“We have our case together." said
Albany County District Attorney
Sol Greenberg. "We don't indict un-
less wc have legally sufﬁcient
evidence."

Benecke and his attorney. Ray-
mond Fischer of Albany. have 45
days in which they may address
motions to the court.

“This is the time where the defen-

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

dant may asktlicconrl to dismiss the
case because of things like insuf-
ficient evidence. etc." said
Urceiibcrg.

(lreenberg said that the defendant
can move for motions up to the 45th
day.

“After the 45 days. you get into
trials and calendars and that sort."
said Fischer.

Benecke has failed to make the
third payment of restitution be
agreed to give the Class of'78 for his
actions as president. Fischer would
not say whethcrhe advised Beneckc
to miss the payment.

“He may or may not have agreed
to that restitution." said Fischer.
“That‘s a civil aspect iind I'm not
talking about that."

Beneeke has been expelled from
SUNYA for breaking his agreement
by missing the payment.

PAGE THREE

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

