 

: 'UThe reasoniis simple. I want you

equalisersﬂimiters, multi-tr'aCk

to get'everything out of a‘recording " recorders, monitors, lathes, and

~that.I put in. -

 What do I put in? Hours

microphOnes, consoles,

   

“ , and hours
' - of Workkﬁrst of all; Getting just the

right sound from every musician —_

before I even start rOIIing tape.

And by the/time I’m ﬁnished
recording the musicfit’ll have
passed through over $500,000.
worth of highly sophisticated

more. _ ~ -
To get all that out, you need
someone who knows as much about
playback as I know about recording.
‘ That’s Seiden Sound. '
They’ve got the experience to
customize a system to the charac-
~teristitsof your room, and the
_ qualities of the music you like; And ,
r they do it  thelimits of the
’ budget you set! _ ‘
. a I recommend them because
 they’re the best. The leading
upstate sound dealer, with
more brands, convenience,
experience and expertise.
 Seiden’SOund does every-
thing better, right down to
warranties and payment plans.
Seiden Sound. What I
produce, they know how to

 

 

 

 

 

/

'r.,.1-he,“saga of » Turniab

v by 

t can safely be said that. in

general. phonograph
« reoords‘ offer the: widest
selection cf music with the
best quality. All music
. which is produced'is put, on
disc: tapes offer s..limited selection.
And even though that. Carly Simon
album had to be returned three times

before you could begin to decipher the f‘ '

lyrics for the noise. on average.
phonodiscs offer a consistently better
product (technically) than tapes can.

It is for this reason that a turntable
and phono-cartridge are a must for a
stereo system.

When a recording engineer
completes his best attempt at
capturing what the producer wanted.
he hands the tape over to the
mastering people. who operate a
cutting lathe. They take a lacquer or
acetate. put it on a turntable. position
the cutting head of the machine at the
beginning of the lacquer. draw upon a
lifetime of experience and artistry and
start the lacquer and the tape rolling.

As the tape is played back. electrical
signals are transformed into
mechanical vibrations by powerful
magnets.These vibrations are set up
in the cutting stylus. which cuts
grooves into the lacquer. The groove.
if we are dealing with oompetence,.is
an extremely accurate representation
of the recording engineer's original
tape.

Your turntable and phono cartridge

‘must perform 'an extremely similar
function. The turntable must spin a
vinyl disc at precisely the same speed
a the cutting lathe and must do so
without contributing much noise or
significant variations in speed. The
tone arm must position the phono
cartridge in the same place as the
cutting head was. and the phono stylus
in the same place as the cutting stylus.

However, instead of cutting a

  

     
     
 

 

.. u.

already in the groove wall.“ and
transform those vibrations into
corresponding ,electronic signals.
These signals  “then” sent' to the
phone preamp. thgmthg‘power amp.
then‘ the loudspeakers. and ‘- veils!
— music in stereo. - -

A turntable must have a platter for
the record to rest on. a motor to spin it.

  
   

should have little effective mass. and
its g natural resonance should ' be
effectively damped or otherwise dealt
 _ > ‘i . V I s ‘ v

To get technical would mean to get

this in mind: turntable specifications
cannot be compared unless they are
measured in the same manner. It is

 

 

 

 

 

The Slow Search 'for a Stereo

 

 

 

 

 

and a drive system to connect the
motor and the platter. Then; it must
have a tone arm to position the phono
cartridge. Everything else. all
automation (record changing. auto-
return. auto-repeat). is a secondary
function for the turntable. They may
be conveniences which you would like
to have. but keep in mind that they are
conveniences. - "
There are many systems for
connecting the motor and the platter
so that the record can spin at the
correct speed. Examples of such
"drive" systems are idler wheel. belt
drive. and direct drive. Motors.
invariably. vibrate: the aim 'of the
drive system is to transfer as little of
this vibration to the tone arm and

platter as possible. Recent years have

seen the popular acceptance of belt
and direct drive systems. which-are

much more successful at isolating ‘

motor noise, or rumble.

The design of tone arms have
improved dramatically in recent
years. The idea is to make the arm as'

 

 
             

   

 
  

   

easy for manufacturers to trump them
up by using less stringent
measurement techniques.

So. go to the stereo store and listen.
Find a turntable that costs about 15 to

20‘-per cent of your budget. Listen for,

speed irregularities. low level. low
frequency rumbles. and check for the
features you want.Then. try to read a
test report of the turntable in a
reputable hi fi magahine. Compare it
to comparable or even costlier models.
listening for differences in rumble or
speed irregularities (called wow and
flutter). Then. sneak back to the
service department and ask rthe
service guy( girl (very nochalantly)
which turntables break a lot. and if the
one you are interested in is reliable.
Turntables tend to need routine
maintenance and repair. so this is an
important factor.

Finally. a turntable cannot have a
full and meaningful existence without
a phonocartridge. The two must be
matched to each other‘s capabilities.
as well as the capability of the phono

long-winded and” boring. Just keep"

 

 

It has been my experience that people
often ' buy a cartridge as an
afterthought. or have one “thrown in"

be a bad mistake. and I have heard
many decent stereos sound less than
good because of an inferior cartridge.

Prepare to spend 10 to 15 per cent of
your budget on a cartridge. Listen to
what the salespeople recommend.
then listen for youseli (preferably
mounted on the turntable you are
interested in. and connected'to the rest
of the system you are considering).
Listen for 'good. smooth cymbals.
unstrained vocals. and a full bass.
Listen for distortions in the same
manner as you did with receivers or
integrated amps. Make certain that
your cartridge/tonearm combination
can track records with a stylus
pressure of three grams or less.

Compare with other cartridges in
the same price range. Don't be afraid
to be critical of any anomalies you
hear. don't be afraid to spend many
hours listening. don't be afraid to read
magazine reports.

By now. you are listening to an
entire stereo system: turntable.
cartridge. receiver or integrated amp.
and loudspeakers. Start evaluating
the system as a system: compare it to
similarly priced systems. compare it
to your absolute standard of what
music should sound like. Try listening
to the same system at different stereo
shops.

1! things are getting a little
complicated for you, or if you've got a
question, write me c/oAspeots. I'll get
back-to you, and maybe we can hack it
through together.

Next: the world of tape and stereo
accesories.

 

Editor's Note: Fourth in a six part
series dealing with the trials and

 

    

 

    

as part of the system price. This could '

    

reproduce. , groove. this time we want the phono frictionless as possible so that stylus preamp. A cartridge is an almost tribulation or buying stereo
stylus to follow the minute variations movement is not impeded. The arm indescribany important part of a components.
@4- W
 . . 0 - Expert Repalr Semce -
Rich Peterson.
Twelve East Recording _ . _ _
'. ,,. ,. Newvorkv NM , - Bung In ThIS Coupon For Free 114 Page HlFl Book a
'..wl¢‘_,¢.m!- ,‘n u -
,. Jud/“m”,  , Quollty Components of the Right Price
 “"w”  ‘ MAIN STREET - NORTH BENNINGTON - VERMONT - 05257 ° 802-447-0350
«fucratwretAMW; .-- we «at, ‘
Photographed at Cathedral Sound Studios 1529 CENTRAL AVENUE ' COLONIE NEW YORK 12205 518.869.0939
l
ESS Performance 8 Speaker System Reg. $50.00 Sale Sll9.00 - .
KLH in (Save 50 per cm) Reg. $199.90 Sale 5 99.95  s - .
Teas A400 Front Load Dolby Cassette Deck Reg. $200.00 Sale $167.00 0 S
Sanyo 1'P-626 Belt Drive Semi-Automatic Turntable Reg. $129.95 Sale 5 79.95 ’Cause we gotta make room for [he PUCH mopeds _
Pioneer Tl’-252 S-Track Under Dash Car Stereo Reg. 5 49.95 Sale 5 39.95 _ 
Koss KIZS Headphones Reg. s 25.00 Sale 5 19.50   
THIS FRIDAYCISATURDAY
8mm" scum) RALEIGH mm 
. ATALA BREAKAWAY 
People listen to US. ' » MULTI 31-le IICVCLE EAL:- AND II‘RVICI  
V < ‘  cleans-I71! (WWI!   Sf.  ‘1' 
96 Central Menus Albany 462-9501 / Norihway Mall. Colonic 459.7550 / Lalharn Corners Shopping Cnlr,. Lalham 783-9301/ 141 Erie Blvd. Schenectady 346-6111 / ' g4!“ I n “Mag”, '\‘ 

    

 

 

 

 

154 Quail St near Washington

Norlhway Plaza Shupplllj Cnlr.. Glens Falls 792-9992] 42 Summer Street. Pltlslield 409-1420) 1415 Oriskany Sl. W.. Ulica 732-2166 / 15 E. Pleasant St. Amherst 549-1105.

Tues - Frl 12-6 Sat 9-2

 

.
~r

 

