 

.ixe’ﬁwa‘t'vam. 4‘ "an. » M .V. an. m

 

 

. .m,s-...b..m ._ 

 

 

 
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
  

L
PAGE 4A

'tnspiration. There are few distributors, no advertise”,

“and no corporatloln's‘to foot the bill.“An average 16m .-

half-hour sound'film can mauve; a thousand dollars:
Where does' the meney co ' eft‘qrn? ,lon R. Hand, 24
year fold student art‘ historian a‘nd filmmaker, spent
seven years making pizzas in'order to support his film
habit. To Jon, producing and directing his own ﬁlms is

r not'just a hobby or a vocation, it is a life.

“I can live without luxuries, but the creation of a
ﬁlm. a message primarily directed to the eyes, is an
essential part of my life. To use the plastic elements .
unique to the medium; this is a method of ﬁlm art
rarely available outside of the avant-garde
independent movement. This is essential to my work.
For me. Hollywood is shit!" I

It is the ﬁrst day of the filming of The Farewell on

' location in Grafton Lakes State Par,. Present are“
director-producer Jon R. Hand, co-director Michael

Mascelli. actors Elizabeth Dupry and Neil Hepner.
and two props, a I965 Buick Skylark and a I952 MO.
The ﬁrst scripted scene: A red sportscar is seen coming
toward the camera as it slowly approaches a bend in

the road. Its occupants are a man and a woman. The

action is going smoothly, with the Buick towing the
MG. Michael is driving. Jon is ﬁlming (from the
trunk). -

   

Elfin/EH

 
 

ﬂ .

Jon ehootlng on loeetlon In New York.

Soon however. the cameras are rolling again. and
after eight weeks of ﬁlming, five weeks of cutting, and
two weeks of lab work. The Farewell, all eightand one
half minutes of it, is in the can. At a cost of $500, it is
the least expensive of Hand‘s l6mm ﬁlms. This time
there are few extra costs, and if he is lucky. he may win
a few prizes at film festivals, but probably not. "Judges
at these festivals are usually English or theater people
who' know nothing about cinema. They might as well
,be judging beauty contests."

Plot? “The plot is merely an excuse for the imagery."

Characterization? “There is no characterization in'

The farewell, none.“

“Whrrrrr. Cut! Will you get those horses and riders
out ofthe frame? Michael, ask them to get out ofhere!“
Soon yells, curses and whinneys are heard and the park
ranger is summonned. The words “Get your cameras
and get out of here“ are discernablc above all others.

Jon demurs and says to Michael, “Let‘s go home,
there will be no Farewell."

Theme? “This short film depicts a dissolving
romance between a man and a woman; it is all very
simple and direct. Within a present time unit of shots
(intercut with flashbacks). are presented their few final
hours together."

1,.

Jon I. New. lndopendont tlunmelter.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

  

 

 

 

 
 
 
   
 
   
 
  
  
  
  
  
   
 
  
  
  
   
  

Ella-both Dupry In a scene from The Farewell.

 

Nell Hepner in a scene tram 'I‘lu' Fart-well.

The most striking aspect ofT/ie Farrow/l In "5
visuals. The color is sumptous and cxpfchhltttltsllc. the
design of the shots is carefully controlled. and litt'
editing is tense and explosive.

Essentially. l-land‘s method employs mam oI lllt'
clctnents of cinctnatic expression, avoiding illL'.|llltili
conventions such as the long take or the iiltii\\\\‘t'\i
two-shot (standard camera set-up lot shown,“ l““
people in conversation). At all times. hts tll.tle‘|l.l| n
visually interesting and arresting.

“l ltave only one obligation to thy work and to NH
audience, and that is to keep my visual ntntetnd dot-
and meaningful. Writing a narrative is one liltllF
transcribing it onto ccllttloid is another. I he ttmtt’t' “
paramount."

Hand understands that movement Wilillll the Mann
can convey filmic content (ideas in action) I“
effectively as the juxtaposition of shots (IIHIIIUIL’C’
His sense of mise-cn-sccnc is as structured as in»
editing. In most of his work. however, the prinmll
effect is achieved through montage. “For me. montage
is the most creative aspect of film art. Its hcnnl) hes in
the fact that it can displace time and space in a "WWW
which no other medium can. I think it is wnlun “"5
power to preserve space and time that the secret n!
cinematic expression lies."

Jon believes that film can be tnore than mass
entertainment. It is a high art as valid as painting,
sculpture or dance, incorporating elements from all
these media, plus something else real three
dimensional movement within a dynamic “spacial-
tcmporal world." “and says, “As soon as people
realize that the film artist is essentially a painter who
paints moving pictures. a sculptor carving moving
slatues, only then will people appreciate and fully
understand the art of film.“

in the light of l-land‘s helicl'in film as a fine art, it was
natural that he should have been attracted tothc sutdy
of the visual arts. One of the last of the SUNYA art
history majors, .lon Hand will complete his education
with 75 credits in the field. His interest ill the concern
for the formal elements of Italian Renaissance painting
ties in securely With his love of modern art and It's
emphasis on abstraction and purity.

“Leonardo da Vinci was more interested in the
investigation of abstract elements of art than he was In
the depiction of some religious legend. In this century,
l’ict Mondrittn and Casimir Malcviclt showod suntlar
interest in their uses of formal elements for artistic
CXpression, l have tried to incorporate in my work
some of the rationality and excitement ol their
researches. Art history, for me, is also the study of
cinematic expression."

JANUARY 28. 1977

in Jon‘s films, one cannot help but notice the art
historical\ influences: balanced compositions, rich
chiaroscuro, cubist fragmentation, dynamic diagonal.
and color used for its optical intensity and expressive
symbolic content.

Hand‘s interest in film began in childhood with his
love ofthe horror film and Bela Lugosi. In high school
he acquired llmm prints ofclassic films, some ofwhich
included Foolish Wives arid Potent/tin . By I968 his
involvement with ﬁlm extended to treks from his home
in Dumont, New Jersey, to the Museum of Modern
Art where he devoured foreign films. At MOMA, Jon
met Dr. Arthur Lennig, professor of ﬁlm at SUNYA.
Their mutual love for the horror film grew into a
friendship, prompting Jon, in 1975, to leave Jersey and
go to school in Albany.

The interest in painting-like design and form,
combined with Lennig’s encouragement. led Hand to
discover his greatest artistic idol. the Soviet director,
Sergei M. Eisenstein. Eisenstein, the master of
montage. is viewed by most scholars as the greatest
director in film history. For Hand, Eisenstein
symbolizes perfection in the pursuit ofthe artistic ideal
in film.

“Eisenstein did not, like most directors, multiply his
works. Once having attained the aesthetic goal which

ALBANY. STUDENT PRESS

' Indeed, it is the. formal .elenients.vofvthe ﬁlm, the.
' . editing, that tells the story. ltis a method that Jon‘has 

, abom the conflict betweenintellect and emoti ,to a

  
 
 

lighting. the composition and the rhythm of: the

used in overa dozen ﬁlms, from the l2 min Mel

 
     
  

30 minute doctlmentntary about a'silversriiith on his " g '
craft. Hand‘s films seldom‘fall short of theirpr W '
Lennighhs written of his friend,v“Hand ha , lent , v '
and energy. and a willingness ‘totake painsso that h ‘-
doesn’trgive them to an audience. He has a rigorous
sense of the art of editing; he believes in the, shot and
how it can be manipulated with other shots. He takes
great care to light his scenes well and to put't’ogether a
film that is fluid. visually exciting and not self~,

. indulgent.“ I

.lon has a myriad of plans for future independent 
film work. At the top of the list is an abstract study of
his pop culture idol, Elvis Presley. He believes that the
peculiar energy of Elvis is highlyappropriate for his
own film talents. Till now, all of Jon's films have
contained narrative content. He anxiously awaits to
make non-narrative abstract shorts.

Whether or not he makes his abstract films (and his
Elvis Elude), .lon Hand will continue to pursue his film
ideals: “Unlike painting and sculpture. cinema is not
very old. I feel that most films produced contain little
intrinsic value. Good cinema achieves its power and
beauty through an understanding of tone, movement
and pictorial form, and it is in this direction tht I will
continue my work."

 

 

PAGE 6A

 
 
    
 
  
  

 

