 

 

 

 

  

“This pastsunday'night. the lights went dark
in th ‘o'ldoi‘tt 'Pa‘luced'heatre.’ On .the
projectionfscreen. the crowd watchedas a'

 

 

f existent" glasses. As t be lit m rolls on. the waiter

‘ ~t'ailed‘to brijigthe entree.substituting instead

the dessert; and'l'ollowed by bringing the 1

diners $i£000 in chtingc before they had begun
to eat. ‘ ' , '

   
 

UPS/A N suca

Tuesday, Septe

“Stand up and be cou
- J OI N

SA HINDI-ll)

 

 

General Interest
meeting

Telethon ’78

Anyone interested
for Telethon ’78

Thursday
September 29

 

IIWMWWHHMWHMM '

Students .for lsrael 4
 , Interest Meeting -

Campus Center 332 8 RM.

A Z l O N IST
ORGANIZATION”

JSC llll.i.lil. ORGANIZATION

llllllllll|lllllIlllllllllIIllﬂllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllIllilIllllllllId

 

  

 

  

f » . The‘eig
Abram-Minded Whiter. was written by and
starred Steve Ma ‘ hese eight minutes of
 cran‘ness blende V, pe'rt'

 

   

~ madness ihat‘thoroughiy satisfied everyone in.
attendance. ” '

Martin. at .‘llv is. if notthe youngest. than
certainly one of 1 the fastest rising comics in
show business. If you‘ve read some ot' Martin‘s

 

‘ ' material and were turned all". don't despair.

His humor hits to be performed by him.
regardless of whether he is onstage or off.

Martin‘s ability to work- with an audience is
one ol‘ his biggest assets. Responding to the
immediate camera clicking as soon as he
stepped on stage. Martin pulled out his own
instiimatic and begtin taking shots ot' the
crowd. While hecklers might have troubled
another performer. Martin put one in place
with “Sit on my face". One line that sums up
Martin‘s stage presence is. “We‘ve had some
happy times tonight considering that we‘re all
going to die someday.“

No one can predict how Martin will act
trom night to night. In a recent night club
appearance. he marched the entire audience
oitt to McDonald‘s and ordered 300
hamburgers to go.

Sunday night was no exception as Martin
was attacked by a sei/ure ol'“happy t'ect“ that
nearly carried him away. and sung what he
claims to bea children‘s songthat helearned at
his grandmother‘s knee that contains the
pltilosophical line: “He oblong and have your
knees removed."

Dressed calmly. in a black suit and white
shirt. Martin started playing his banjo. which
he does very well. then stopped and gave a one
liner. He did his ntosl l'amous card trick

tit 'mintite lilm than entitled 1h: '

iiy with 75 minutes oil,
r .bumblin‘s Mme," WWW: WW" “"0 1W0 non-I live Martin insanity reproduce an eveningof

     
 
  
    
 
 
 
 
 
  

   

   
 
 

UPS/ALAN IEICH

Comedian Steve Martin repeated his sellout partormance at last year as he returned to

Albany's Palace Theatre to demonstrate his own brand oi unions and

assisted by a member ol'theaudiencei“king of
hearts., come down ttnd dance“). He then
started making balloon animals. commenting
about one. “this is a venereal disease.“ He even
repeated the line that is going to become a
lixed part of the language: “Ex-cuse Meeee."

Martin knows what heis doing. Nostrangcr
to show business. Martin became a writer for
such greats as the Smothers Ilrothers. Sonny
and Cher. (ilen Campbell and John Denver.
His stage manner is uniquely rough, ag-
gressive and self-confident.

In one 01' his more insane segments. he talks
about the existence of a l'art lone directly
above the orone layer. which is why we haveto
protect the ozone layer. “It we don‘t." claims
Martin. "the tarts are going to fall down to

Insanity.

earth and they won't land on their original
owner."

After receiving his ﬁrst, well-deserved
standing ovation Sunday night. Martin came
out, did some more schtick. then received an
even bigger standing ovation. his craziness is
his appeal to the crowd and as long as he stays
crazy. he‘ll be in business.

Sharing the bill was .loliii Sebastion.
formerly of the Lovin‘ Spoonful. Despite his
initial teitseness. Sebastion loosened up and
mellowed otit the crowd. Despite back-up. he
pcrlormcd quite well with such songs as
ll'i'lt‘uillt' Bur/i KUHt’I'. What (I [Mt/or a
Dari/roam and a song about saving the
“Indus. entitled ./ii.rI .‘llltlI/lt'l‘ link in Illt’
(‘liuiIL

 

mber 27

nt ed

 

L

corner oi Robin 8!. and Central Ave.

1i)c DRAFTS

s";
A.

Wednesdays 9-12

i.-

 . . continued trom page 14

 

Antique clothing cit Daybreak. ll Control
Avo, Albany

Velvets, Vests, Sweaters, Furs, I940‘s
Jurkals, Pleated Fonts, Military Recycles —
Daybreak Tues - Sat. 125:30, 434-43”

l

 

 

 

in working

    
 

Coupon good for one dinner.
Offer etqaires November 15. 1977.

81.00 Off

with this coupon.

72 Diﬂerent
dinners to
choose from.

Dinners include

Soup, Salad. Bread

. Beer, Wine or Sangria
All you want with dinner!

Regal! Dinner W5 —
You Pay Only 275 — $5.70
Sena? til eekdays
whiting

HKS’W Kitchen

112 WON good
458-7300

-------—---

Drivu our earl. Flo. — Colil., all cities USA,
AAA-con auto: 4384469.

Dona.
m I KingIIsh soccer team l5 looking tor you.
Contact Wayne I 5099 lost.
Dear Pat ialio. Don Martin),
Hope your weekend was nice. I lecl owlul'
(crow we haven't really spent any time
together Listen, why don't you (all me and
we can go out one night this week. I won’t
mind putting my work all Cl night.

Ma
Women interested in 
meet Tues and Thurs 8 pm, men’s auii.
gymv. .... . ..V. _..,
K2 — Thanks lor the good thoughts.

love always, K3

 

 

Horseback
Riding

area's most
beautiful trails

$5 per hour

Longvua Stables
Altamont Area

872-1664

 

 

 

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

SEPTEMBER 27, 1977

..n...... ‘

 

 

' P ONALS ~

 

‘1 f s, Davin Comma
Thursday, Sept. 15 was the date of the third
annual Rock Music Awards. it is debatable

whether a ﬁeld asdiverse as rock music should'

have awards at all. But since this'is the only
awards show on television speciﬁcally devoted
to it (the Grammies usually ignore all but the
biggestdelling rock artists), it is disgraceful
how the show Was handled.

The man behind the show is Don Kirshner.
who gained time by bringing us “The Archies“
in the '60‘s and was co-producer ot'“A Year At
The Top”. in summer replacement about twa
rock pcrl'ormers that anyone over l2 years old
would ﬁnd embarassing.

Given these credentials. it is obvious that
Kirshner can not distinguish between rock and
pop. This would account for Olivia Newton-
John. who has about as much to do with rock
and roll as Kate Smith. co-hosting the
ceremony, and the music on the show being
played not by a rock band. but by a slick.
tightly-arranged orchestra straight out ol
Vegas.

Then there were the guest presenters. Since
this was ii rock music show. i naturally
assumed people in this would present the
awards. There actually were some (Alice
Cooper. Gary Wright) but we also Iiad .lolin
Amos. Penny Marshall. and Lenny and
Squiggy. The only reason I can think oi lor
having these people on is to attract more
viewers. But how many people do you who
would watch a showjusl to see two minutes oi
Lenny and Squiggy'.’

Perhaps the strangest part of the show was
the opening. 11' you had produced this show.
what song would you have had the band start
oil with? “Johnny ll. Goode“! “Satislaetion'”!
Maybe “Hound Dog“? Well, i his show opened
with the theme l'rotn "Rocky". complete wnh
dancers in boxingtrunks punching each other.
Co~host Peter Frampton later explained that

 

 pok- Music Awards :9 Stone .

 

 

In what can only be termed a larce, the award lor Rock Personality went to the live-
member group Fleetwood Mac. Their competition? You guessed it. Barry Manllow.

this was because the awards are nicknamed
"Rocky". ll that‘s the case. I don‘t know why
Kirshner didn‘t have a bunch of guys in
squirrel suits llying around while the band
played the theme lrom "Rocky and His
l‘l’lclltl". It would have beenjust as relevant.

Ihe \artotis nominations were decided by
rock critics. radio station personnel and
others. voting on a ballot comprising artists
who had top ten albums in 1976. Basing the
awards on sales is going to eliminate

talented people who are not great album
sellers. btlt even will: these rtiles it was
ama/ing to see who was lel't oiil. Three groups
who packed Madison Square (iarden this
summer were nominated lor absolutely
nothing; Pink Floyd. Yes. and Emerson. Lake
and Palmer. Queen and The Electric Light
Orchestra. both ol’whom ltad ltit albums. were
ignored. as was Elton .loltn. liven Paul
McCartney and Wings. who had both a
triumphant tour and a hit live album in 1976.

.ntonotonous. seeing Wonder-l win Omani

our. right. 5 ve’W' "er.

litter Grammy and Rocky after Rock 8'

 

competing with. It's unfair

I
Wonder win all the time while the prewously’.
mentioned groups get nothing. The music:

industry has been treating him like some kind
of king for years now; I don't know whytliey

don't deit‘y him and get the whole thing over ‘

with.

The biggest joke ol‘thc evening had to betbe
“Rock Personality ol~ the Year" award; where
we had the unique opportunity of hearing
Barry Manilow mentioned in the same breath
as Johnny Rotten ol' the Sex Pistols. Since
Rotten hasn't released any records in this
country. i assume he was nominated for news-
making antics. which included ﬁghting,
cursing and throwing up in public. It that's the
criteria for Rock Personality, then half of my
dorm should have been nominated.

Rotten didn‘t win} The award of
personality. which I always thought was a
singular word. went to Fleetwood Mac. a ﬁve-
memhcr group. I suggest whoever put
Fleetwood Mac on the ballot be given a
dictionary. preferably dropped on his head
from a distance of not less than six l'eet.

One of the worst aspects oi" i his force is that
people who don't know any bettcrare goingto
get the impression that this show accurately
presented today‘s rock intisic scene. Promoter
llill (il'tlliilll'l said alter watching the ﬁrst
annual awards show that Don Kirshiier can't
spell rock and roll. (iraham isn't kidding; for
this show. with its abstird nominations and
irrelevant guest stars. presented not the real
\torld of rock music. but a ﬂashy. perverted.
Hollywood press agent‘s idea of what rock is
about. the only way this can be remedied is to
get rid of Kirshtter and have Graham. or
someone as competent. handle the show.
Then. and only then. will we have a decent
rock music awards show on television,
assuming one can be done at all.

 

9: 30

 

 

SANDWICH PARTY

Thursday , September 29th

Indian Quad U-Lounge

THE CLASS OFT 980 IS SPONSORING A

BEER
AND

No charge to sophomores ( with their tax

card )
$1.00 - all others

CLASS DUES WILL BE
COLLECTED AT THE DOOR

 

 

 

SEPTEMBER 27, 1977

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE summon

 

   
 
    

     
  
  
   
        
   

      
    
 

      

mmnuuoo- ..

ti

 

 

 

 

