 

   

  
 
 
 
 
 
  

 
 
 
 
  
 
  

  
  
  

 

7"be  Atermtlve.

"‘"TEEERNC“6§§VI"

 
 

  

"E

A W W STORE
Jeons rt jewelry * shirts
leather goods * cmﬂl

. aﬂsﬂlbsl arms...
lﬁﬂﬂﬂﬂlL- “"1 WI

Thursday, Friday
and Saturday

Baxter
&
McCarthy

For the finest in folk
and light rock music

 

Omit!
72 Wolf Road

(across from
Colonie Center)

459-1411

(2.0

The fun place
‘ to eat and drink

 

PAGE TWO

* Gov.

:Koc 'a tall. balding bachelor from
Manhattan‘s Silk Stocking district. .

y' won a Democratic primary' runoff
- handily Monday to virtually asusre

his election as the city‘s l06th mayor.

The 52-year-old East Side
Congressman got off to an early.
decisive lead ‘and never was
threatened by his runoff rival.
Secretary of State Mario Cuomo.
Hugh Carey‘s handpicked
choice for the Democratic mayoral
nomintition.

Among the first to telephone
congratulations to Koch were
President Jimmy Caner and Vice
President Walter Mondale.

In a victory statement. Koch
pointed out that when he launched
his campaign for the nomination last
March lie was a low man on the
Democratic totem pole. little known
outside is congressional district. He
credited endorsements from the
Daily News and the New York Post
for helping put him over. The New
York Times endorsed Cuomo.

In artother phase of the runoff
election. State Sen. Carol Bellams.
35. slim. bespectacled with reddish
brown hair. won the Democratic
nod to seek the City Council
presidency. defeating the
incumbant. white-mancd. 70-year-
old l’aul O‘l)wyer. brother of the
late Mayor William O‘Dwyer.

US Seeks to Save
North Wilderness

WASHINGTON (AP) Interior
Secretary Cecil D. Andrus is asking
Congress to preserve more than 90
million acres of Alaska wilderness. a
expected to spark art
battle of epic

move
environmental
proportions.

At issue is the frame cotirse ofilte
nation‘s last frontier. tltottsands of
square miles of wilderness lands
wltose dctclopmcnt will be
dcterrttined by Congress.

lire battle pits preservatitiitists
against dc\elopcrs.

Andrus seeks to protect an area
almost the we of California for
national parks. wildlilc rcfttges. wild
and scenic rivers tirtd national
forests. Estimates of the amourtt of
lattd Andrus will ask Congress to
preserve range from 9l.h million
acres to 92.8 million acres.

linttrorrmcntalrsts wtint men
more land to be protected from
development. In bills before
Congress. they are asking that nearly
l20 million acres be preserved.

Bus Takeover
Meeting Canned

l'he informational meeting about
a possible CD'IA takeover of
SUNYA bus service originally
scheduled for tomorrow has been
changed. according to SA President
Date (iold.

lite meeting will he held on
Monday at 2 pm. in the Campus
Center Ballroom. A similar meeting
Will be held tortight at 7 pm. on
Alumni Quad. The reason for the
switch is for the ohsenancc of the
Yom Kippur holiday.

'Ilie xii/run l' .S'Irulenl I’n‘it will IlrIl
[ii/lilii/i ilii.r I‘m/av. Sept. 21 The
Ilt’.\‘l ASI’ iii/l appear on Titan/u).
Sept. 27. and will mark llll‘
retuni/rll’un of our regular [nitr-
ti't'eklj' [lllfl/lt'llllull schedule.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

   
 
   
 
 
 
   
    
     
    
    
   
     
    
    
    
   
   
   
  
  
 
 
 
 
       
   
  
  
   

 
  

  
    

    

Fate Ol Lance
gfsllitiﬁztoTn?Ag)egilnq:unce invited the peopleto be hisjury.but President
Carter says in the end he and Lance will sit doWn friend to friend to (geld.-
whether the budget director will survive in thcjob he is fighting to hold. lam
sure that the decision that I make along with Bert Lance  Will be sattsfaci ury
to the American people." Caner said Thursday in ll.qUCSl|0n'ﬂnd-'tln5\\tcr
session with members of the Radio and Tclcvrston ‘News I)lrccl()r5
Association. White House Press Secretary Jody Powell said he had iro idea
when the decision on Lance‘s future will be made citcept that it Will he rim-r
the former Georgia banker‘s testimony to a Senate committee.

Kentucky Supper Club a Deathtrap “ g t ‘
Ft. Thomas, Ky. (AP) The Beverly Hills Supper Club was an. electricmn 5
nightmare“ which both its owners and local and state ofﬁcials failed to
notice. says a state report on the May 28 ﬁre which killed I64 persons in he
nearby Southgatc nightspot. Gov. Julian Carroll announced at a briefing
Sunday night that Fire Marshall Warren Southwonh andtwo other officials
had been suspended for what he called “ineffective enforcement generallyoi
the law. “I am appalled. shocked and disturbed at the disregard‘shown tor
human life.“ Carroll said. The report noted that in l97‘l thcthen-fire marshal
approved speciﬁcations for remodeling the club despite IO Violations oi the

state ﬁre and safety code.

K’d b us. I
 it intgdcd Ethiopia‘s Ogaden region two
months ago after rcccivinga“secret TEE-message whichthcy interpreted as a
go—ahead to conquer the area." according to NeWSweek magalinc.‘ Iii [Is
current issue. the magazine says the Somalis invaded their Marxist neighbor
on the Horn of Africa believing that the US. would PTOVldC'mllllill’}
assistance to replace Russian aid. Somali President Siad Barre belieVed the
US. would support his country because the US. Wanted to squec/e llie
ilitary bases in Somalia. Newsweek says. However. the
weeks ago it would not “add lucl to the
department ofﬁcial denied that \llL'll

Russians out of at
State Department announced three
fire“ by providing arms. and a
assurances were made.

Javits Predicts Global Depression

New York(AP) Jacob Javits. R-NY. warns that a“scvere global depression“
could develop as early as I979 unless strict arms control agreements are
enacted. Western Europe becomes more united and oil-rich nations lll\t:sl
more in the rest oftft‘e‘fvo’rid. The senator told NeWSweck magazine that “an
enormous budget squeeze" could cause the crisis if Western bank» stop
making loans to developing nations who have no oil resources. He added.
“The banks simply will be unable to extend the kind of credit needed to keep
the system going.“ Predicting that the crisis would be as severe as the It) fits
depression. the New York Republican said only political diploiiintit
leadership could head off such ti disaster.

Saccharin Products to Carry Cancer Warning
Washington (AP) Diet sodas and other products containing saccliiiiiii .tlt‘
likely to remain on store sltclvcs for at least attothcr lit months. hitt illL‘\
probably will have to carry il cancer warning similar to that printed on
cigarette packages. While there is agreement on the need for a CillltL'l
wanting. a fierce congressional light is developing over whether
manufacturers should also he required to include a similar warning iilii-ii
they advertise products containing saccharin. The Senate voted 87 to ‘
Thursday to block a government ban on saccharin. which had been
scheduled to take effect Oct. f. The vote also approved the requirement that
cancer warnings be placed on all products containingthe articifial swcciciiei
No Peace Settlement Untll PLO Recognition

Bay Shore. NY (AP) United Nations Ambassador Andrew Young s.iid
Sundaythat peace iii the Middle East will not be achieved untilthe Palestine
Liberation Organization is permitted to participate in formal peace
negotiations. "You're not going to have peace in the Middle East until the
people who are doing the ﬁghting are somehow brought to the table." Young
said. adding. however. that the PLO must ﬁrst recognize "Israel‘s right to
exist." He recommended that the Palestinian group be subject to a plebiscite
during the negotiations to determine “if it is truly representative of tltc
aspirations of the entire Palestinian people."

Schorr Claims Paley Cooperaled With CIA

New York (AP) CBS news correspondent Daniel Schorr says CBS board
chairman William Paley has admitted cooperating with the CIA. “l “to
approached as somebody who could cooperate with them to NW“
atfttintage." Schorr quotes Paley as saying. “And this was back in Illt' c.ii l\
fifties. when the cold war was at its height and when I didn‘t hesitate fiu -1
second to say. '()kay. it's reasonable. I'll do tt."'. l’tilcy waid. "I cooperated
with them. was helpful tothcm a few times on a very personal basis. and it
had nothing whatsoever to do with CBS. according to Schorr iii a"
WWII“ imm his forthcoming book "Clearing the Air." Art article based on
the excerpt appears in the current issue of New York ntagalrne.

Smith to Walt Awhile Before Negotiating
Salisbury. Rhodesia (Af’) ltebuffed by moderate black lenders. l'lllilt'
Minister Ian Smith Says he has shelved his plan to negotiate with them .i-uf i\
awaiting clarification of the new British-American plan for transition to
black rule. Smith told the Sunday Mail ltc "would wait awhile to see vi llt‘lllt‘l
the new Anglo-American proposals are goingto nrake any headway or not "
He said he had askedthe British government for elaboration on some iispurl‘
oi the plan delivered to him earlier this irtoiitlt by British Foreign Sectcttiii
David Owen and U.S. Ambassador Andrew Young.

SEPTEMBER 20, 1977

 

 

 

 

    

by Steve been

A plan to move the SA ofﬁce:
from the thirdlloor of the Campus
Center to what is now the billiards
room is being discussed with
Campus Center ofﬁcials, according
to SA President Dave Gold.

The idea was originally brought
up at a meeting of the Campus
Center Planning Board during the
summer by Gold and Ann
Markowitz. who headed a
committee on the possible move.
The plan also involves moving the
billiard tables from the Campus
Center to the Quads. according to
Gold.

“It’s only a possibility now," said
Gold. “It‘s a proposed alternative.
The pool hall is not a very proﬁtable
part of the UAS. In fact. in some
years it has lost money. We felt the
billiards could be put to better use
dispersed among the Quads and
possibly an off-campus lounge area."

“Recreational facilities, including
pinball machines. ping pong tables
and foosball, as well as the pool
tables. would be located in every
Quad." said Gold.

UAS General Manager E.

' 1 Norbert Zahm said that the ‘ibilliitrd

 

tabl‘ea'wotild probably be donated to
each Quad.“ and that the care of the
tables would be “up to each Quad” if
the move was implemented. Zahm
said that the pinball machines and
other games which bring an income
to UAS would not be included.

SA, although the primary
contender for the space. is not the
only organization looking into it.
Acting Campus Center Director
James Doellefeld said that other
groups. including the Food Co—op
and Record Co-op are seeking
permanent space in' the Campus
Center and that they. too. are under
consideration. Doellefeld said that a
look has also been taken at the off-
campus lounge in the consideration
of the moves.

Gold said that. “What we figured
to do was combine the SA office and
the Off Campus Association office in
the pool room. The present SA ofﬁce
could be used as either a central
ofﬁce for SA groups or as a
conference operation."

Gold met recently with an
architect to discuss blue prints and
costs. The renovation of the pool

office would cost “about live
thousand dollars” said Gold. Rather
than spend this money. however. SA
has chosed to use the large room as it
is. "There‘s no reason why I need a
permanent ofﬁce." said Gold.,The
less expensive plan would have
dividers separating ofﬁces rather
than constructing walls.

Doellefeld said that the ﬁnal
decision will be up to the Space
Management Committee. which
determines policies and guide lines
to assist the university with planning
moves.

The new location would be on the
ground floor of the Campus Center.
A door would be put in on an outside
wall. thus eliminating the task of
walking through the main lobby of
the Center to get to SA. “We would
set up a sort of ‘storc front‘
operation." said Gold.

Zahm and Doellef'eld said that the
possible move is only in the planning
stages. and that no final decision has
been made as of yet.

According to Gold. a survey has
been planned to poll student opinion
on the issue.

Senate Rules Classes Optional

by Corinne Bernstein

Students will not be penalized for
missing classes after 12 noon
tomorrow because of the Yom
Kippur holiday. the University
Senate decided yesterday.

“This bill asked that students who
must travel to be home before
sundown(Yom Kippur begins) to be
able to leave at noon.“ said Vice
President for Academic Affairs
David Martin. "These students can
see professors and make up work
they missed."

“It has been the procedure in the
past that students who haveto leave
early for religious holidays will not
be penalized." said Acting SUNYA
President. Vincent O‘Leary.

In the past. students have had off
on religious holidays. however, there
were no rules to extend to the night
before the holiday. according to
Martin.

“ Last year we had problems with
the school calendar and lobbied on
the state level through SASU." said
Senate Executive Committee
member. Dianne Pichc.

I’ichc added that since other state

Warren Goldonberg sold to the Uni
Promotion-and Continuing Appoln

SEPTEMBER 20. 19??

   

universities had similar problems,
this resolution about religious
holidays was necessary.

“The New York State Legislature
recently passed a bill that students
should not be penalized for being
absent on high Iton days." said
Martin.

"The resoltttiort reinforces the
law." said I’iche“Wc were coitcerned
with the fact that campuses aren't
concerned with students when they
make their calendar."

This ruling should extend to all
holidays of this type. Martin said.

“A lot of students were concerned
about missing classes Wednesday
afternoon." said Httglt Hill. Senate
Liaison.

“We weren't aware when we
started that it was already university
policy. We tried to respond as best
we could. We thought we could help
students build a legitintate case to
protect themselves. if they missed
classes." said llill.

Subs Surface on Quads
Three Times a Week

by Steve Brackett

Submarine sandwiches are now
being sold on all five quads on an
experimental basis. according to
Director of Food Services Ronald
Clouglt.

The subs are riot included in the
meal plan. Cloiiglt said. Tltcy are
sold in each quad cafeteria

Wednesday through Friday. front
nine pm. until midnight.
“We‘re making the subs with

tor l‘

' I UPS/RONNE BUCNMAN
vorslty Senate that Its Council on
lmonte ls needed to “oversee what
In going on In tenure and promotion decisions on campus."

 

quality stuff." he said.

The UAS-funded operation began
two weeks ago on Colonial Quad.
and then spread to the other four
quads. According to UAS General
Manager E. Norbert Zahm. the
results of the venture are not
cortclusive.

Clough said that food committees
will be set up on eachquad ifsales do
well. If not. the operation will be
discontinued.

room into what‘might resemble an '7

Pool tables presently located on thsllrst tloor ot the Campus Center
may be moved to the tour residence quads.

r

tin/my:

Ex ASP Editors Win AP
Awards for Local Coverage

Two former ASP editors won
second place awards last night in the
New York State Associated Press
journalism competition.

Nancy Albaugli and Vinny Redah
both now reporters for the Troy
Times Record. were presented the
awards at the State Al’ dinner
meeting in Saratoga Springs.

Albaugli won her award in the"in-
depth" (investigative) reporting
category for a series of articles slte
wrote on speeding ticket favors by
area town justices and the issuing of
fake speeding tickets to Canadians
by two state troopers. Eight of the
more than 20 stories site wrote were
entered in the competition.

News Reporting

Reda won his award iii the spot
rtetvs reporting category for his story
on the last day of the Kenyon(Billy)
l’ruyn trial in Ballston Spit.

Pruyn pleaded guilty to second
degree murder after going on a
sniping spree in Meclianicville last
October and killing one policeman
and one citizen and wounding nine
other persons. Reda's story was a
look at the end of the trial.

The awards were in a statewide
competition for newspapers of from
35.000 to 75.000 circulation. Judges
included editors of the Milwaukee
Journal and the San Francisco
‘ Examiner.

Reda began working for the Troy
paper iii January, I976. as a general

assignment reporter. He was
assigned cover Mcchanicvillc the
following August.

First Woman

Albauglt got her job in March.
I976 as the paper‘s ﬁrst woman
police reporter. Last January. she
moved to Saratoga County to cover
several towns as well as county
government.

At SUNYA both Albaugh and
Reda majored in English and took
courses in the journalism program.
Both wrote extensively for the ASP
where Albatigh served as news editor
and Reda Aspects editor. Reda. also

wrote the text for the I975 Torch.

 

SUNY Chancellor
Listed as Fair

Acting SUNY Chancellor James
F. Kelly. who suffered a heart attack
first Thursday. was listed as beingin
fair condition last night by the
Albany Medical Center Hospital.

According to University Provost
Loren Baritz. who was designated
interinr administrative officer after
Kelly was stricken. Kelly has been
moved out oftlte coronary care tintt.

“Hopefully. he \iill be able to
return hotnc about one week from

tomorrow. ‘ said llaritI.

Senate Retains Tenure Council

by Matthew ("ox

A proposal to abolish the

inivcrsity Senate‘s Council on
Promotions and Continuing
Appointments was defeated in the
Senate after sharp debate yesterday.
by art unofficial vote of 3i-23.

CPCA acts as it review body for
evaluating faculty candidates for
promotion within academic
departments at SUNYA. The
council consists of faculty and
students appointed by the Senate.
with some administrators serving
ex ojﬁciu.

The contract bettveen United
University l’rof'essiotts—~~thc union
which represents sortie SUNYA
facultyu-and SUNYA recognizes
review bodies at the departmental
and college levels. but does not
officially sanction CPCA.

Supporters of the proposal had
questioned the council‘s continued
status as a committee ofthe Senate.
CPCA members are chosen by the

Senate. but CI’CA presents its
findings to tire president and does
not report directly to the Seine

Some Senate members In»: :iwt
questioned Cl’CA‘s expei'tts. it
making inforiried decisions on the
academic quality of a faculty
member‘s work.

In debate preeedtiig the Senate
vote yesterday. Morris Berger oftlte
Education Department said CPCA
was “one of the strongest forces for
creating dissension" within the
academic depttrt ments at SU NYA.

“People outside speciﬁc areas of
competence end up making
judgements on people within these
areas." Berger said. “CPCA
recommendations have demoralized
a lot of people."

Lackcys

Berger also said CPCA had served
as “laekcyii of'thc president“ and that
its abolition wrll leave a clear
indication of where the
responsibilities for promotion and

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

tenure decision he.

“The council makes it look like
participation iii these dccisios is
taking place when it isn‘t." he said.

Warren (ioldenberg. who served
as :1 st udent representative on CPCA
Itist year. said CI’CA has sources of
bias iii its decisions. but that
abolishing the Senate's only input
into promotion decisions would
make it even more of a ﬁgurehcad
body than in the past.

Opportunity

"The Senate shouldn't lose the
oppon unity to appoint people to at
least oversee what is going on in
tenure and promotion decisions on
campus." he told the Senate.

Joe Gould of the Philosophy
Department said abolishing the
CPCA would leave it void in the
review process and thtit airy motion
for removing the council from the
Senate “should provide explicitlyfor
ti consultation with the president to
establish a replacement group."

PAGE THREE

   
       
 
     
  
  
    

  

.

i
.I.
a...

q. .

l.
i
i
i
l
'1.
i

l

  
  
  
 
 
  
    
       

