   
  
    
 
   
  
 

  
 

  
   
 
  
 
 

l
l
l
l%

WA,M_~.._._ , “W... _

a.
rm.

3’.
t
l l

 

iii guns  s
3iSiena basketball team gains its Division I status it wants to'end the Siena-
Albany rivalry. Because all of a sudden. Albany. always a Division lll team. .

“Goodbye Siena . .

 

 

 

  
 

   

 

I“ I, ‘, _,M_lkePlehr‘s|I _
justice iniworld after all.‘ Imean here’s'the story; after the

  

is suddenly not good enough. " r v -_

No matter thnttlte game has always been a hard-fought contest between
two natural geographic foes. No matter that there had been 36 games played
between the two clubs since its beginning in I939. No matter that'fans all over
the Tri-City area have looked forward to this matchup every year. Siena is
nowalbn‘tist‘tmlteotif _ '  f‘

The situation isssmtething like Harvard saying to Yale; “ at it kid, we're
joining the NRC.‘ I understand that going big-limemeans making some
hard choices about scheduling. But if you drop the biggestrivtilryin the area.
it only means alienating the “hometown”‘fans. ' '

Albany Coach Doc Suuers stated earlier that the move would hurt the fans.
Then he said. “It [the rivalry] has beeh. and'still is. beneficial'to both schools
and it remains competitive. I hate to see it end. but it's not my decision."

It is Sicna Coach Bill Kirsch's decision. He feels that by playing Albany
Siena can only get hurt. But look at it this way. lfthe'Division l teams are that
good. they should be able to take on any foe at any time. Is it proof of a team'_s
Worth to play only teams in its~league'l If it loses to a “good” school, well.
that‘s okay. But if it loses to a “not so good" school, that will ruin its
reputation. But are we trying to build reputations'in sports or something
else—namely competition and fan interest? Where is the risk that every so-
called winner must take: to prove that it is the best; not by reputation. but by
competition? ‘

Well. maybe Siena though that State was no competition Thursday night.
That since they had won the last four in a.row. that they were too good.
Maybe that fact helped make the decision to drop Albany from its schedule
that much easier. 7

And that is why Albany's impressive 62-49 victory was so sweet. The
circumstances wercjust right. And it was rumored that no Division III team
had ever won at the Siena Alumni Recreation Center. Well. that rumor is
now dead. But unfortunately. so is the great rivalry. But it was nice to see
Albany get the last laugh. And the best line came from Gary Trevctt after the
game was over: “We just dropped Siena from our schedule!" he shouted.

O

l have to hand it to the Albany fans for keepingeveryone entertained at the
Siena game with their chants. The old favorite “We‘re Number One” was to
be expected. but there were others. When the Siena section got angry at
Albany‘s cheering section (consisting mainly of Potter Club members) they
shouted "Potters Eat It&‘%.” The Potters came back with “Check That
Score. Check That Score." Then there came “And You're Division One. And
You‘re Division One?" followed by “Division One is Fun" and finally
. We Hate To See You 00." Not very nice but Siena fans
had-their turn.

0

It should be noted that the Danes played a team game all'the way versus
Siena; just the way it's supposed to be done. There were heroes galore:
Winston Royal. with his directing and fine shooting; Cavanaugh with ten
points and his tough defense on Nelson Richardson: Trevctt. with his
incredible passwork and leadership; Verdejo. the intimidator'. Keane. the
“super sub"; Cesare. the rebounder; and all the rest.

They were all thch and they contributed to the victory. But in any "fairy
tale" there has to be one person who is considered the main character; one
man who struggles and falls and gets up and tries again until he ﬁnally rises in
the end to win. And that man has to be Bob Audi.

Audi is the man who 'dcscrved this victory. “I wanted this one. It was
something that I just had to have." Audi. more than anyone else on the court.

( is the guy who feels the pain ofa loss. He is dcspoudcnt in defeat; it is only

right that he should be ecstatic in victory. .

And Thursday night. Bob Audi was ecstatic ttftcr State's win. “I‘ve sat
through games when we've got beaten by a lot and I wanted this one." The
last time that Albany had beliten.Sicna was back in curly 1974 on liyron
Miller‘s basket with time running out. Audi was not on the varsity then. but
was soon after. when Siena won the next four straight times. But this time
was different. . ‘ ‘ .

Thursday night. the Danes showed their mettle and their hustle and the man
in the middle of all of it was llob Audi; diving. running. tying up shooters.
scoring, rebounding. Twice when a Cavanuugh shot fell short of its mark.
Audi was'thcre. underneath to score the points; turning a lost ball into a line
play. And many times when the score looked like it was about to turn Siena‘s
way. Audi was the man with the big offensive rebound or driving hoop.

Maybe Audi‘s stats were not spectacular (ten points. ﬁve rebounds. 4 of 6
from the floor). But his desire certainly was. As the game wound down it was
Audi who ran ovcrto his teammates, hugging and cheering.likeaschoolkid.

And when it was over. it was Bob Audi who had the last laugh. “This is the
greatest moment of my life right now; it‘s just so great," he said. “I won three
championships at Colonic [High School] but to beat Siena is an unbelievably
great feeling."

After three years of frustration. on the eve of his graduation. Bob Audi
ﬁnally got his revenge. And revenge was never swcctcr.

by Chrlstlne’DeiIlnf; u » V 5.1:”;
The. Saturday morning mee

  
  
 
 

_ between the AlbanyState wome'n g

gymnasts and the Nassau and Ver-

. mont teams illustrated just what. ' ‘

Albany coach Edith Cobane has
been talking about. ,
Opening up the meet with two
crisp vaults. Cerinne Palma began
Albany‘s generally high scoring in
theevent ivith a 6.55. Following
closely were Debbie Tobin and Carla
Landsmun with a 5.95 and 5.20

respectively. As the event progress-

ed. the Vermont vaultcrs took com-
mand of the floor and finished witha
meet high of 8.2 points. garnered by
Anne Berry. -

Albany gymnasts Julie Acton and
Mary.Ann Caperna executed two of
their better vaults of the season,
resulting in Scores of 7.35 and 7.5.

Following on the uneven parallel
bars. Acton reached an event high of
7.3 points after successfully com-
bining the composition and execu-
tion of her difficult routing flouting ‘
between the two bars and solidly
ﬁnishing with a square stance on the
mat.  ‘

Caperna. Albany's sole all-round
performer, added her substantial
score of 6.15 to the event tally which
placed Albany just three points
behind Vermont's total. 2l.05 to
24.20. Nassau lagged behind with

 

 

 
 
 

   

    

  
 

 

locobs

Albany's Dabble Tobin chewing her skill on uneven bars durlng
Saturday's triangular meet. The squad tlnllhed second on the day.

only one entryinthceventanda5.75
point total. .

0n the beam Vermont's Lisa
Duff nailed the event high with a
score of 7.25. The~leading Albnay
performance was executed by Palma
in a concentrated. deliberate routine
that placed he; third in the event
with a 7.0. State entries Landsman
and Capcrna neatly followed.
despite a fall apiece. with 6.05 and
5.7. respectively.

Now ten points behind the Ver-
mont squad, the Albnuy gymnasts
did a “fair job“ on the ﬂoor,
matching dance and tumbling to

their chosen'accompanimcnt. Palmu
once again emerged as Albany‘s vic-
tor in second place with 7.25 points.
Senior veteran Landsmun per-
formed a crisp. well-timed routine to
a medley of familiar themes that
secured a 6.25 and the fifth position.
Cupcrna' had a bad slip half-way
through her routine and posted a
score of 5.75.

The meet results were not sur-
prising. but rather actually promis~
ing for Albany's team which placed
second with 95.95 points to Ver-
mont's 109.20 and Nassau‘s 50.20
point totals.

 

Gerry Flores

First Class: Thurs. Feb.
Fee: As low as $17.90 per session

Classes also available Mon.

' Speedreading Classes

Now Forming.

The SUNY College of General Studies is now
making available the course of American
Speedreading Academy.

' . Register Immediately.

l0. I977 6 pm - 9 pm

. Tues. 5: Wed. evenings

For Registration Information and Interview contact:
7854535
Dr. Millard Harmon 472-7508 (on campus)

 

 

 

 

 

EGKANKAR

The path of total awareness will
"present an introductory evening
with lecture and film.

 
  
    

 

 

Thursday, Feb. l0 at 8:00 pm in the Campus Center

  

 

PAGE FOURTEEN

Thursday,

 

 $.50 w/tax
$1.25 w/o A

 

funded by student or

(accent? circus Gamma

February 10

at 7:30 and 9:30 pm.

 

Academyééward Winner

lure Documentary

1976 Best

 

ALBAM STUDENT Pumas

 

 

FEBRUARY 8, 1977

 

 

 

by lrlln Orol

The Albany State junior varsity"

haSketball team received a thrashing
at the hands of Siena‘s junior varsity.
72-54. lastThursday at Siena. The
outcome was almost never in doubt.
except early in the second half when
the Pups out the deﬁcit to ten.

The Pups controlled the opening
tap. Rich Woods passed the ball
across midcourt to Gerry
Januszweski who fed it back to
Woods in the corner. Woods jumped
and missed. The Indians snared the
rebound. came down court, and
Tony Watson popped. Watson
scored the next three as well and
Siena led 5-0. -

Hot shooting by Januszweski and
Woods brought the Pups within

Women Cagers Defeated At

by Christine Bellini

It was ar emotional game on the
courts and in the stands this past Fri-
day as the Albany State women's
basketball team dropped a close con-
test to Binghamton. 4l-39 at Univer-
sity Gym.

Mary Ellen Foley took the open-
ing tap in for an uncontested lay-up
to put .Albany on the scoreboard.
But Binghamton came right ‘back to
tie. The visitors took the early lead
l0—6 when Coach Karen Cun-
ningham called a time-out to tighten
up the Albany defense. Tighten it did
but the thncs‘ hand turned cold also
and the score remained at [0-6 fora
good 4 minutes.

When both teams resumed scor-

thrce at "-8. Pup Coach Bill Austin
called a timeout here, but the effect
of stopping the clock seemed to
reverse the flow of the game. As play
resumed, Siena ran off eight straight
points. making the score'ﬁ’lm. The
lead was never less than ten for the,
rest of the game. _ '

The Indians slowly widened the
gap, and went intothe Iockcrroom at
halftime holding a 36-20 lead.

In the Pups lockerroom. Austin
told his players to be “down by ten

~ with ten left." The peptalkseemed to

work. as the Pups came out roaring.
Their defense tightened up. and they
played more aggressively.

Woods fed the fire by hitting an
outside jumper for the ﬁrst score of
the second half. Seconds later.

ing. Binghamton took an 18-l4lcad
into the Iockcrroom at half-time.
The Danes came out strong.
however. hitting five quick buckets
to the visitors' one. Slowly Albany
built its lead to it points with the
score standing at 3022. They grew
smug however and 6 unanswered
points by Binghamton helped bring
the visitors within l. 32-3l.

It was nip-tind-tuck for the
remainder of the game. With
Binghamton leading 37-35. Mary
Ann Crotty sunk 2 free throws to tie
the score. Albany begun to have foul
troubles though as .‘lstartcrs. Nancy
Barth. Tracey Sugiharu and Beth
l’rosalik all were forced to leave the
game. Only 4cligiblc players remain-

.» ~.,.v

Siena?" Pups 

Woods was fouled. He sank both
shots. The Indian lead was now
down to nine with l5:4l remaining.
Austin was to any later. “We were
ad of our pace." ’

However. then .came wlfst Main
called 3‘the turning point. We stole
the ball twice in a row and lost it both
times on turnovers.".he said.

Siena took advantage of the
collapse as Indian playmaker Brian
Keating joined Watson in “eating
up" the Pups' defense. Another lop-
sided scoring spree ensued. and
when it was all over, so too was the
outcome of the game. The Indians
led 54-38 with 8:l4 left.

The lead continued to build. and
with 2:29 remaining Siena led by the
score of 68-43. A last-ditch effort by

Buzzer, 41-39

cd to play the closing minute for
Albany. Dinghamlon had regained
the lead when Ann Price popped in
one from the right side to knot the
score at 39-39. Going for a steal.
Foley managed to tie the ball with 34
seconds left on the clock. The Danes
failed to gain possession from the
jump. however. and Binghamton
scored the deciding basket at the
buzzer.

The basketball cxcitcmcnt isn‘t
quite yet over. Six games are left to
he played including tonight's Siena
duel beginning at 7 pm. at Siena.
After last year‘s 7|~37 triumph.
Albany hopes to pull in another vic-
tory to balance Friday‘s \vcukcr per-
f'ormancc.

Jon‘s ‘fSiena played-Inuit
and patient acupressure did‘

game.” . .

Albany. Austin felt. made a
number of mistakes on efense.
“There was too much single-

coverage. we should have

bother them. They played  r y‘

The Pups host Albany Business
~ College tonight. It 6:30,.at the'UnL
iversity Gym. They have onlyo
 remaining at home after
'tonight. i .

Spikers Ready Fur Action

by Mike Pleltnrskl .

Dig. Set. Spike. No. they‘re not
the names of the new guys who mov-
ed in down the hall. Theyjust mean
that it‘s volleyball time again!

Yes. sports fans it is- volleyball
time again. and the Albany State
Men‘s volleyball squad is ready for
action. “The guys have been working
hard." explains Couch Ted Earl.
“They're interested and they want to
play."

But the going will not be easy; the
Danes have upgraded their schedule
this year and will be hard-pressed to
match their 9-2 record of a year ago.
“It‘s not the easiest schedule in the
world." explains Earl. “We play four
of the top six teams in the east in the
first two weeks.“ ’

Penn State. Army. and East
Stroudsbcrg. which the Danes face
February l2. are all extremely good
schools. And Springfield. which the
Danes play the following week. was
the NCAA East Division rcprcscn-
tativc at the Nationals last year.
“We‘re good but we face a tough
schedule early and it‘s going to be
tough for us.“ says Earl.

With the loss of star player Jamie
MacFarland to graduation. the

Danes will have to rely on a more
'balance_ attack this year. 
favorable factor is that every
member of the nine-man squad has
at least a year‘s experience'on the
varsity. ‘

Pat Dwyer is one of the Danes‘
"strong-side“ (right-hand .side)
hitters and should be running .the
offense most of the time. Dwight
Buck .lr. should help Dwyer in
strong-side hitting but will be relied
on mainly to power-spike over the
blockers. "Hc‘s awesome when he
gets up [over the netj." says Earl.

Andy Kinstlcr is Albany‘s best
defensive blocker while Chuck
Durgin will probably set and block
the middle. Doug Buzzard should
"shore up“ the weak (left) side and
should be aided by I’qu Jensen over
there. Mike Ferris. .lohn Virgo. and
Eric Stern round out the squad and
should see plenty of playing time.

Two At Home

The Danes have only two home
meets out of their ten scheduled
playing dates and the first ofthese is
tomorrow night: Albany will play
host to New Paltz and Union begin:
ning at 7:30 p.m. And in volleyball
lingo; they are set to go.

 

 

Ira—rm.
frb.
7—9

 

 

 

“ZORBA
THE
GREEK"
7 30
lung and
M
6:30. 10:00

 

117 MOHAWK AVE., SCOTIA 346-4960
FREE PARKING

lltu.—sun.
f‘rli.
I043

 

6 00, to 00.
plus in Sat Eli Sun
mat at 2. .

lil€.\.\'l)
ll.l.l'h‘lll.\'

 
 
  

  

     
  
 

   
    

lion—wed.
felt.
III—l6

MirheIon elo Antonioni's
rudw-un

 

k \ 8:30.10100
W030! ’
306340

 

 

 

 

Scutia Cinema

STUDENT AND SENIOR CITIZEN DISCOUNTS
DISCOUNT COUPON BOOKS AVAILABLE

   
   
  

theses.
frb.

7:45. plus a
Sat. It Sun. must 3:30

       
 

A
THOUSAND
CLOWNS

 

   
      
         
   
   
 
  
      
  

 

lllh & l2ih
FRIDAVE
SATURDAY It

midnight

A
'l'l-IOUSAID
CLOWNS

Illllt 5L I‘lth

FRIDAV Bi
SATURDAY It
a a

midnight

 

Black we
ORDIiEIIS,

 

 

 

 

E":-  25th a 26th

FRIDAY a

saruaoAVn
FEBRUARY 8’ 1977 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE FIFTEEN

 

    
 
      

        
  
     
   
       
      
     
    
  

 

     
  
    

          
        
  

   
 

 

 

