 eff A  bowie  Chard/er...

for their continous dedication andhard work over the past feur years. Without them. 330
wOuld'have‘be'en just‘another ﬁlm group._We’ congratulate you on your graduation an .
wish you all much socces's'with your future endeavors.

funded by student association

I

7 ‘- " Eﬂen’éBOisfe-hé and  Benson ~ ~

I

x

 

—The New Executive start of ASC

 

 

Indie Spring Festival
Oi Empire State

Saturday, they 2|
at Empire State Plaza
Main Convention Center

-——_-———_—
FREE (at noon)

-Lectures. tllme,
slides, displays, per-
tormaneee.

'l'lcltets on Sale for:
_——————--#

Evening Pertormenee at In-
dia's Music and Dance

(Student RATES)
For lntormatlon. call: 346-9001

 

 

tinttttit svsrems
I'lltllillllllllllElt

S err Vickers. a world leader in the tlutd power
in‘dustry. has a career opening tor a UNIVAC 1108

Systems Programmer.

This osltion rovides contact with all areas oi
the UNR/AC opeeating system. with particular em-
phasis on DMS 1100. it is an opportunity to gain
a well rounded exposure to a variety at system

components.

We seek an individual who is thoroughly pro-
ticient in the use of 1100 Assembler and has a good
overall understanding ot the Executive. Familiarity

with higher level languages ls desirable.

Excellent salary and benetits are altered. Ii

qualitied. please send your resume to:
PERSONNEL DEPARTMENT

SPEFR‘I+

1401 Crooks Nd.. Troy. Mich. “004

An Equal, Opportunity Employer (M/Fl

VICKEPS

ls Sponsoring Its First Annual
Cultural Picnic

MMMIIWMI"

for ﬁrm, «I:
457-1760
457-785” 457-545!
I‘M/“MM

funded by student association

 

 

 

 

rﬁ?‘

“0
~91 03:30"
or “ '30 “‘0
3o“ “‘1 °‘

KILO

(been mark on lﬂmtr Illinois
Medium
‘Mgktut'r #

 

 

alumnus I (Renter

<3

 

Ci
9““
T VERNESHA CAIN—-VOCALIST

W“ ,
HAROLD UNDERWOOD~PERCUSSIONS
KARL DORSE FT—DRUMS
MIKE llLlRl —-(iUIl/\R
CHARLES HOLMES--B/\SS
9AM l'()WLlL-— $AXAPHON!

IARRY (iRAVllTHKLY BOARDS

FOR THAT GET
OUT AND GROOVE MUSIC

A SELECTION OF FINE

 

THE-5-DAY-ALL-YOU-CAN
EAT-ITALIAN-FEAS’I‘. $2.99

if

A COMPLETE LINE OF
YOUR FAVORITE
LARGER MIXED DRINKS
ALL OF YOUR POPULAR BRANDS 0F BEER
AND AL A

FULL LINE OF IMPORTED IlOITLiD BEERH‘

WINES DISPENSED FROM OUR
DECORATIVE WINE BARRELS

E ON lAl’ I’IUS

lithe Beat of Each an Hour Exams

tat '   p

 

._t‘

 

UAS employees who worked with me and

. upported me. I would especially liketothenk

the Student Assistants that Worked for SA. I

would like to wish Dave Gold, Jim Aronot'l‘.

and Mike Lissner the best oi‘ luck in

reconstructing SA so its to serve the students
in it better capacity.

Gary S. Parker

Vice President

Student Association

a kick by
the asp

to the Editor:
II appalled me to see the lack of attention

that the AMIA hockey league received during
. the recently completed season. I am rclerring
to the lack ol tnlormatton given in the ASP,

and the luck ol equal representation oi the

league to AMIA‘s All-Star night last Sunday.

the ASl'k- liiilure to inlorm the students
abotit AMIA hockey was shown in the April

29 issue when the League II championship

game received only seven lines and the League
I scmtlinals rccctvcd two columns. In my
opinion this Is poor reporting; I tell slightcd.
lllt.‘ AMIA correspondent was not even
prcscnl at the game. I would have gladly
tnltintcercd to cover the game. the actual
story in thc Ab’l‘was nothing more than the
printed scorcsltcct. Each ol the League I
games was given it summary.

A second matter which I would likcto bring

I. to light Is the lack ol equal representation we

received In the All-Star night. livery AMlA

, league. With the [exception oi League II
" llockcy. was represented by one lull team. l

as told the lack ol equal representation was

tic to thc tact that there were not enough
cunts Ill League ll to support a complete tlll-
.tai iciim. tltcrc bcttig only seven teams. I here

c only tour teams In League | basketball.
\IIy wci'c tlic)‘ represented by it lull team'.’

I lIopc this letter points out the nnlairncss ol

" the ASP In their coverage ot AMIA sports.

Robcrt Wt:th

women’s shelter
. . . here at last

é,
ﬂ I n the Editor:

the concept ol it women‘s shelter is not it
cw out. It is It practical answer to thc
toblcnis laced by many dillcrent types 0|
‘ omen in every large city.
the rc=iltty ol it women‘s shelter Is new to
l lbiiny. Mcrcy House. as the shelter Will be
tied. Is a product ol the ettorts ol the
Women‘s Shelter Association.
the slicltcr‘s director. Sr. Rosemarie
iriintino. is a young woman with twelve
Irs teaching experience in llrooklyn. She
Id not lccl teaching was where she could be
lost ctlccttvc and tindcrtook pastoral care at

. Itc lll at St. l’clcr's Hospital III Albany. ()Iic

in :Iltcr Vlslllng LWIlllgll House. a men's
'llL'llCl' ill downtown Albany. she knew that
New were tlt‘: kind ol people she wanted to
1 'ork Willi.

l.wanga llousc ollcrcd Its third lloor tor it
onicn's shelter. but the limited amount oi

” Pticc would not have allowed separate
_- iIthtics. L‘onvtnccd that the need tor a

omcn‘s shelter Wits urgent, Sr. Rosemarie

' people to become part ol‘ Mercy House

through an active commitment to its
exrstcnce. growth and goals. Training
Sessions will be scheduled l'or women who
volunteer to stall the shelter. Volunteer
Workers are also needed to and in plumbing.
repairs. painting. cleaning. sccrclariul work
titid lund-raising. On an equally vital level.
material support is needed In the form of
tunds. towels. bed linens. paper products.
blankets. pillows. typewriters. and lood items.
lltc quality 01 Mcrcy is not ordained. It
depends oit you.
Monica Robinson
Natalie Kazmierski

there must be
a better way

To the Editor:

Alter live hours wcarc still waiting. . .
waiting lor scnior wcck tickets. It's been a
long. horribly-organircd day. lrom t he line for
yearbooks to this atrocity. Apparently. the
class ol l977 (which has It abundance of
business majors) has not learned any at the
principles ot organI/ation.

We have been reduced to it hcrd oi’catllc. lt
sccms Sild that college graduates (almost)
cannot coopcrttlc towards an end which we all
desire. Although it is too late tor our class to
remedy the Slllltllltlll. hopelully luturc classes
can take note ot this. lhcrc's got to beat better
way.

Hillary Kclbick
Carolyn Carcich
Diane Litrky
Allan (irossmun

what college
can do tor you

To the Editor:

Are there really only three more weeks to
go'.’ I can‘t belich my tour years are almost up.
All lrcshmcn and transient can stop gawking
now; I‘ve actually been here in good old
Albaiiin tor tour tticking years. That means
tour long winters. l‘vc bccn hcrc quite some
time, I can still rcnicmhcr wlicn llogart‘s was
the Sal/r Dog. Wltctt they say that time ﬂies.
they ain't just whistling Dixie. Freshman year
on Colonial. two consecutive runs oti State
Quad. and one great year oil-campus in my
own apartment. I knew I was getting old when
somc ctitc girl in the Campus (.‘cntcraskcd me
lor directions and she called me “sir”.

lhotisands and thousands at ptigcs have
been read. and I don't know how many Hi-
l.itcrs have gone dry on inc. I often wonder it
I've i'ctiiincd arty ol that vast clcrnttl
knowledge. It anything. I have some expensive
textbooks wttlt plenty ol pretty yellow pictures
in them. Maybe I ciiii sell my books below I
IciIVc.

lthIiIk l'vc matured quttca bitsinccl began
my training here lotir years ago. Living away
troin lioinc hclpcd It great deal. I learned to
adapt to (lIIlcrcnt people and various
situations. I rcali/cd that witlt it little help
lrom my trIcnds. an inner conlidcncc. and a
sense at humor. I could make it. It takes
patience and a concentrated effort on your

Out  'AVC-I‘Ont‘riol- 4'    i

, Filling government posts'with t‘riends'is a rather common political,

practice. and one i'raughtwith advantages: it insures the presence of 'a 
drinking partner alter along Central Council meeting, and neatly avoids ,'_ . -

the petty annoyance of having people disagree with you all the time.

But. there are some t‘irm ~albeit unwritten— laws governing the :
procedures by which one this these posts. ' ~ .,

First. don‘t let the appointee shoot his mouth ot‘t’. Hearingsomeone .
broadcast news of his appointment even before the election is decided is‘
a sure tip-oil to a shady deal.

Second. throw suspicion off the appointee by leaking a few other
names to the press. This will cause some confusion. and lead to specuIa-'
tion about change in the new administration. attempts to bridge the gap.
and the new post-Benecke morality.

Next. appoint a search committee to iind a suitably qualiﬁed can-
didate. You can pad the committee a bit. but try not to be too obvious
about it. 'I'hey‘ll consider the three or tour names you've selected. This
will spur talk ol'l'airness and innovation. although there will still be those
who will see the entire thing as a ruse to railroad the intended appointee
through. ’

So. it’s time for a surprise maneuver. Declare the search open to any
and all candidates. This will confuse the opposition. who expected a per-
l‘unctory search and a quick nomination. It will also greatly impress the
rest oi' the university as an awesome attempt to bridge the gap between
the common student and the highly qualified government officials.

One or We students may answer the call, and they must be grilled
mercilessly in order to dispel any cries ol'l'oul play. Committee members
should also be fully briel'ed about their behavior duringthc interviews:
comments like “forget it. the decision's been made regardless ol'the out-
come oi‘ this interview" are definitely out. ‘

Then. once this has gone on for a week or two ~-—remembcr. this must
be a drawn out selection process-—— come out with the name ol'the man
you intended to appoint all along. It all has gone well. there will be a l'ew
grumbles but the decision will be grudgingly accepted.

And once again. the vast gap between ethics and politics will have
been bridged. ‘

 

Quote or Tits DAV

One war or another. mic .i'iilt' IZt'.iIi.\'Iir)ric.I'I.

Roger Hcrhcrt. commenting on the ballot disparity in the vice presidential election.

 

AL A
T JD T
glitSS

Snth: RAGGIO. Editor-In-(‘hlrg/
RICIMID Mumutmn. Managlng Edimr
MH‘NAEL Alarm. Eminent Managi'r
LAUIIE Sruowuu Product/an Manager

Niws EDITOR . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. llttt'itN liot.rtii;no
AlibOCM'n news canons . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .JoNkriIAN Honors, Ttioms MAH'IELLU.
ANITA UN'I’ERWEISEK. MATTHEW Cot
Aspects lotion . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . ... . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  . . MAiic ARKIND
Assocu‘rs ASPECIS EDITORS . . . . . . . . JONATNAN PENN. Donortiv ZELIN
Ennnntu noes EDITOR ' Unsoonv Privth
Sronis mtron . . . , . . . . . . . . . ,. ... MICHAEL l’lEKARSKt
Assot'iin sponrs [DITOI . ‘
onznrismo Mkmrirns . . . . . ..
Assoc-tin ADVERTIbINti MANAt-Il

SA Bumoo. STEPHEN DZINAHKA
. . . . . . . . . .. lint/in CrittiLi.

Slit/j writers: Alan Al -r. llcnjlttllln Alter.

Linda Fried. Matt iiut'mun.

Edward Rudcr. l’iiul Rosenllial.

Susan Satkowski. Dave S‘ylvcstcr
Tim-w 'I‘rI‘liuni- manager: Flori: Shcrtzcr
AP. managers: Rcbccca Lnnxner.

Kevin Ruilcy
lad/ac Nun's: Alice Kohn

Hin lll'llib‘l.‘ Jody Wilner

I’rodIu-Iiun: Wendy Bederman. Sally Ann
Brecher. Karen Cooper. Leslie Eisenstein.
Joyce Feigcnbuurn. .‘ally Jugust.
Jeanne Jtty. Debbie Kupl'.
Vicki Kurtzman. Laurie Lesko.
Jell' Levitan. Lorraine Libertore. Louise
Marks. Carol McPherson. .liinct Mcunier.

Fri-view: Nancy Emerson. Amy Phillips
Ell/trig accountant: Carol Cotriss
Put-roll manager: Ellen Fine
Classiﬁeds: David Phillips

Circular/on: Claudia Stanek

Janet Reiter. Debbie Ricger. Me Roland.

Joan Silverblatt. Sharon Szylit. im

’l'ummolo. Laura Walks I
(uni/million: Ellen Boisen. Jell" Aronowitz

Every Sunday, Monday8£ Tuesday

HOT BUTTER FLAVORED BUBBLINC HOMEMADE

FIZZA PE ould not let the idea in“ through.

Graphics: Frank Smith. Steve Almost 4...  .

NEW YORK STYLE
SOFT Pat‘ETZELS
‘I

 

’ one-u"

POPZEPRN 25‘
All out: Inherits
at the Unit
mhurehau, titan 12
ii pain—12:31! can.

Idling 8c bouts-hag. titan 13 8: 14th
5 tum—1:311 can

I it
' m Intensity more Qpimlure ' [1A

"nun-...”............ ...
eIllIllness-eeouboeI-Io-leenroll-vreIeII-o'otaoebooenllllle
Ill-

 

A Feast unionized teenager the int inotionmtorlt‘ with our tonnes
ANTIPAgTD butter and retained by nm‘i‘iig platlds or an HETl'l,Pl11/\.
LASAC'INA .MEATBALLS.5AU5A£1E and MORE.

CH‘LDREN 1 .99under‘ to

served W i2 Noon to ItPM v Monday l-Tuudm/ ems: IIrM

aha 
Women M. at Fuller Rd-

 

 

 

 

 

 

:‘What are the goals ot Mercy House as a
Olllcn‘s sltcltcr'.‘ lo provtdc a haven Wltcrc
omen could get a place to sleep. cleanclot hes
ttd ll meal. , lo act as It rclcrrill scrvtce tor
urtlicr help ll'ttnd when requested. to provtdc
Omen with not only a listening ear. but also

v r n lnltittl point ol'entry into a healing system.
' 5r. Rosemarie stressed the need to respect the

woman where she is. itnd not to push any
Program or philosophy on tier. it so desired.
the shelter will lunction as an agency at
moral to other cXIsting health and social
We'll": programs. Mercy l-ioiise strives to

‘ reiieliany and all women in need. It iscxpcctcd
, H"tllt‘nltt‘ciirly May.

Sr. Rosemarie emphasized the need tor

part. but this place does have a lot to other.

(‘ollcgc ollcrs you the chance to find and
develop yourscll'. What would your tel/be. or
anything tor that matter. it' your friends
Weren‘t there to share it with you. To all the
wonderlul amigos who've been around
through it till. it's bccntcrrilic. As for those of
yott whom i may have attended along the way
. . . you probiibly deserved it.

To those of you leaving Albania. 1 wish you
much health. happiness and success in the
luture. To all ol‘ those inmates remaining
behind. cheer up. it could be It lot worse. After
all. you could have been in tucking llult'itlo

this Winter! .
L‘iIry Scott Goldingcr

Plinm manager: Tony Tassarotti Maw”; Sandy Robinson

ESTA ELISII ED [9/6

The A Ihuny Student PW.” is published every Tuesday and Friday during the .rr'lmol year by the
Albany Student Press Corporation. an independent mil-far-proﬂl organization. EdIIUrIa/pulicy
l.l' llflt'l‘lll/m’d try the lidiiur-in-Clileﬂ and I: Itib/t't'l to review by the Masthead Stqff. Mai/In;
address: Albany SImIenI I’reis. (‘C 319. I400 Washington Avenue, Albany. New York [2222.

 

 

 

ALbAN)’ srudenrr pitcss CORPORATION
I IOAID OF DIIICTOIS ’
Srsrnan DZINANKA 0 Seance RAGGIO I DANIEL GAINES

 

 

 

 

