 

 

   
  
  

 
 
 
  

  
  
  
 

 
  

unions ‘0 toeffect, be
be n-teachirig

 
 
 
 
 

 

 
  
  
  

 
 

      
        
 

 

‘ vices, such as treating most common

m V ~esi
2 reason].l'or then-cutbacks was that

 

New York State 'lcd the nation in

number 10f = resident physicians: r.
l.00‘.'000. population. hospital
employee per bed and salaries ‘of

 

hospital 'workers.

He said some categories are‘dou-

,‘ble those of other urban states. such

as California isnd Connecticut. \

“The average New York citizen
spends 40 per cent more percapita on
health than in any other place in the
country.” Whalers said. ‘

“The governor felt this was one
area where costs had to be con-
trolled."

continued-ﬂora page one

tion Committee. ‘fOne indignant
lady in her late ﬁfties asked'me if the
corporation expected her to‘exhur rte

her parental to sign the independence

petition." ' ' -

*' "The vast majority of the

applications left iii-house are from
_studcnte chiming L ﬁnancial in-
' 'ibpendence." id Baxter. “Their

applicatiqu ta c more time because

the process now requires lstudents to ‘

submit documentation and to ﬁll out

an additional form in order to rein- .

force their claim of independent
status." ’ I

In outlining the reasons for the
TAP delay. Dickinson promised the
Senate committee to reduce the Dec.
l'backlog of 206,000 applications
down to 50.000 by mid-January. Ac-
cording to‘HESC ﬁgures. that goal
was reached. '

“As of "Jan. 3|.:‘333.300 award
notices 'had been mailed.” said

' Dickinson. “Since then. 8.953 ad-
ditional notices have been sent out.
leaving us with about 50.000 left to
process.” ‘

Additional influx

According to the TAP procedure.
a student may ﬁle for a '76-‘77 TAP
award any time before March 3|.
While applications are still being

received. HESC‘ expects to handle
the additional influx ofTAPforms.

“The applications are still coming
in." said Dickinson. “There will
probably be the usual bulge in the
week before March 31. about fourto
live thousand."

Dickinson predicts that HESC
will be able to begin sending out next
year's forms starting April l5.

“The TAP application is being
substantially revised." said SUNY
Coordinator of Financial Aid Ser-
vices Martin chltovits. “it's being
put into a format more manageable
for the computer. it would be similar
to the forms used by American
College Testing."

One new item on the ‘77-'78 TAP
applications will be a self-addressed
postcard which would be mailed
back to the student after his applica-
tion is received by HESC.

According to Whitlock, students
should make sure that if they have
not yet received an awards notiﬁca-
tion. that they get something from

' HESC to show that their application
was received before March 31.

Figures released by SUNY Cen-
tral Ofﬁce show that as of yesterday.
only 77 per cent of the total awards
granted to SUNYA students last
year have been issued to far this year.

“I'd call. or go down to the South
Mall in person even, just to make
sure I have something from the cor-
poration before March Ill,” said
Whitlock. “l'm deathly afraid that

Pads 'rwo

those students who have sent in an
_application and have yet to hear
anything won‘t have something to
parove they sent in an applicrstion.’I

According to Governor Hugh
Carey‘s Executive Budget, some
changes have been proposed for next
year's TAP administration. .

“The proposal is to cut TAP
awards by Sl00 a year. 50 a semester
. for the ﬁrst four semesters if the TAP
award is higher than the school's tui-
‘ tion." said chkovits. “the idea being
that it would only apply to the public
colleges." ‘
‘ When asked if he felt that thiscon-
\stituted discrimination agath the
public college sector, Lefkovits said.
“If you use the deﬁnition of dis-
crimination that it is the singling out
of one, group for special treatment,
then obviously it‘s discrimination."
\ in forecasting the future of the
TAP program. the response from
each level dealing with TAP is
different. .
“The problems that happened‘this
year will not happen again." said
Baxter. “We don't have to program
the system again. we don't have to
convert it again. We are planningto
begin bulk processing of
applications for next year in May
and June. which is four months
before we could even begin to think
about it this year. We do not an-
Contract Rejected
continued from page one

SUNYA UUP President Harry
Frisch of the Chemistry Department
said if the proposed agreement was
ratified. faculty would “for the first
time have equal rights with other
state employees."

Frisch said the UUP is lobbying
for better job security and a stronger
legislative definition of tenure. He
has urged all members ofthe union
to‘vote for ratification of thc agree—
ment.

According to Knight. on open
faculty meeting will be held Tuesday
to pool ideas on the matter.

I U .
Ovemtght Mice
ATLANTA (AP) What does a 12-
year-old boy do when he is locked in

a department store overnight.

Police said he was accused. of
releasing l2 white mice In the pet
department. of pouring grits around
the soda fountain. of using an elec-
tric drill and hatchet to damage a
pinball machine. and pouring syrup
into a cash register.

"i guess he must have gotten
bored." a policeman said.

Police said damage was estimated
at $300.

ALBANY STUDENT Pause

I ticipatc a repeat of the mix-up of this.

year."

/ *‘HESC has certainly learned their

lesson about p. .igr‘a'mminyf said
befkovits. “Whether they learned it
well enough to do’something about it
is another story. The new applica-
tion is certainly a step in the right
direction. However. how all of this

ultimately works depends on the

management. and i don't want to
comment beyond that."
“i really don't see how it will get

_better." said Whitlock: “I'm doubt-

ful whether the ' backlog will be
eliminated by April 1. and I dread to
think what's going to happen when
next year's applications begin to
come in.”

Zoo Animals
Flee Snore

BUFFALO (AP) The Buffalo Zoo
lost seven animals and Ill birds.
mortly waterfowl, during and after
the blizzard that hit this city Jan. 28.
a zoo official said Thursday.

Acting director Terry Uladkowski
also said the storm caused about
$200,000 damage to 100 buildings
and its grounds.

The deaths of the animals and
birds were due mainly to stress and
the cold rcportcd Gladowski. Many
of them were caught outside and
died after they were brought inside.
he said.

One of the animals that died was
among three Senndunnviun reindeer
who escaped by climbingsnow drifts
piled against a fence. All three deer
were captured within an hour after
being felled by tranquilizers fired
from guns.

CORRECTIONS

In Tuesday's issue of the Albany
Studwrl Press it was incorrectly
reported that Chris Aidun is former
chairman of NYI'IRU‘s Board of
Directors; he is currentlychnirmun.

It was incorrectly reported in the
Feb. 1 issue that Stephen Lynnis not
a strident; he is n full—time student at
SUNYA.

In the Jan. 25 issue. Central Coun-
cil representative Cary Klein's name
was improperly spelled and his
telephone number given incorrectly.
His telephone number is 482-3920.

several photographs published in
Tuesday's ASP were incorrectly
credited. The photographs on the
top of page one and the top of page
three were taken by Annette Dorsky;
the photograph on the left side of
page one was taken by Mary Ann
Hovak.

 

 

 

several health categories.: such at tile ' 

 
 
 
 

 
 
  

d diplomatic relations with the Soviet
g a marly {0-year rift that began when Francisco
Ire Spanish civil war. A. few hours after the
g Juan Carlos began a mission
Franco years by flying to Rome for .a meeting with
isit by a Spanish ruler tos Roman Catholic pontiff
the. Soviet diplomatic tie came just a day
ed a law thatcould result in legalization
supreme court to decide the legal status
binet. Spain also renewed relations
the last two countries in the

Union Wednesday. endin
Franco's rightists won t
announcements in Ma
to heal t-nother rift of the

drid and Moscow. Kin

 

Pope Paul Vi—‘the first v
since I923. Re-establishment of I
after the Spanish government decre
of the Communist party. it allows the
of political parties instead ‘of the ca
Wednesday with Czechoslovakia and Hungary.
Soviet Bloc. without diplomatic ties to Spain.

Church Accuses Government of Oppression

The Roman Catholic Church. in a stiff new
white-ruled South Africa. on Thursday
al-and political system of oppression." A

PRETORIA. South Africa (AP)
challenge to the government
denounced the nation's “socr
Catholic bishops of southern Africa called for sweeping
d a sharing of power between South
lion voteless blacks. condemned
utslity V against blacks and, vowed to promote black
he Church. The statement was issued as students returned
near Johannesburg. after a day of

change to avert more bloodshed. It urge
Africa's 4.5 million whites and its IE mil

to school in the black township of Soweto,
book burning and protest against the government's separate education policy
for blacks'. The bishops demanded an investigation of what they described as
the Tseemingly systematic beatings and unjustLﬁcation”.

lRA Gunmen Sentenced to Life
LONDON (AP) Four lrish Republican
Thursday to life imprisonment for seven
during an IE-month IRA offensive i
were bracing for a possible upsurge o
sentences. The judge in the case. Sir Joseph Cantley. who had been told he
was on the extremists‘ death list. refrained from commenting onthe threat of
an IRA campaign as be imposed the sentences in Central Criminal Court.
known to Londoners as the Old Bailey. He recommended that each of the
four men serve no less than 30 years in prison before being paroled.‘

Vance In Favor of Banning Imports to Rhodesia
WASHINGTON (AP) Secretary of \State Cyrus .Vance. in a move
underscoring the Carter administration's support for black majority rule in
Africa. is expected to urge Congress to reinstate a total ban on U.S. imports
of Rhodesian chrome. Vance’s endorsement today of a bill to halt the imports
is intended as a signal of American intentions to African black leaders.
ofﬁcials said. Officials say the endorsement also serves notice to Rhodesian
Premier Ian Smith that he cannot stall indeﬁnitely on demands that his white
minority government relinquish power to the black majority.

Labor Party’s Bid for Funds to Rejected
WASHINGTON (AP) The left-wing US. Labor Party lost a bid Thursday
for more than 5100.000 in federal matching funds for last year’s presidential
primary election campaign. immediately after the decision by the Federal
Election Commission. the New York-based political party said it would file
suit in the US. ‘Court of Appeals next week charging the government with
discrimination. Laura Chosen of the Labor Party said FEC investigators
used “heavy-handed excesses" to determine if listed contributors to Labor
Party presidential candidate Lyndon LaRouche actually gave to his
campaign. She said the investigators “intimidated and harassed supporters
into denying they gave money ,by threatening them with pruscculion and
showing up at their homes unannounced as early as 8 a.m.

Carter to Test His New Jumbolet

WASHINGTON (AP) The gleaming white 560 million jumbo jet sits at :r
military airport. ringed with guards and bathed in security lights. ready to fly
" ‘ in case ofany national emergency. President Carter will check
out the Boeing 747 “National Emergency Aerial Command Post" plnnL'
Friday when he mu‘kes his first trip home to Plains. Urn. since taking office.
He will be the first president to fly the sophisticated communicationsch from
which the commander in clrlefwould operate in time of national crisis. Cartel
decided to check out the plane on this trip as a means ofsaving‘timc. lucl and
expense." since the plane has to be flown a certain number of hours regularly.
Press Secretary Jody Powell told reporters in announcing the trip on

killings and a dozen bombings
n English cities. Authorities said they
f "(A violence in reprisal for the stiff

 

Unofficial Returns Claim McBrlde as Leader

PITTSBURGHMI’) Lloyd McBride. backed by the United Steelworkers
hierarchy in the race for the union's presidency. claimed victory 'l'hursduy
over young challenger Edward Sadlowski. But Sadlowski would not
concede defeat and his aides hinted that the clectionl‘ortop officers in the IA
million-member union Would be challenged. Based on unofficial rclurns
ellride said he had a 75:000-votc rrrurgrn

 

by it slim lead of about 5.000 voteg. An unofficial surve
Press put McBride ahead by 299.977 to l98.472 with about 4.000 of the
union's 5.300 locals counted. McBrides's unofﬁcial returns gave him it lead 01
281.632 to l96.263 at 4.529. locals. Sadlowski's latest figures. which well?
posted early Wednesday evening. put him ahead l7l.53l to l66.980 at 2.|70

FEBRUARY 11.1977

 

   
  
 
 

ent‘ asyla major problem“

the exit‘gate near the library‘s‘main '
door hsd‘to'be'rcplaced since the
present system went into'oper‘ation‘
inSept.'* "  ‘

‘ Representatives from the com-
pany that “installed” the system.“
Knogo' Corporation of Hicks‘ville.
L;l.. have been up to Albany several
times to' ‘repair- equipment. Accor-

ding to Schmidt. the situation has -
improved. Schmidt hesiitate’d‘ 't'o
draw any conclusions about'Knogo '

being at fault. “Maybe there's a“
cause-effect relationship. but maybe
there isn‘t.“ he said. ' ‘ '

The purpose ofthe book detection“

system‘ is to'deter and control book

Ithel'ts. not 'to catch criminals. said‘
Schmi‘dl'. Hc‘riuid it- was-n ‘“-Way:of.‘
' improving access" by "students ' and ‘
‘faculty'to'resourccs‘of'the library by"

making people'check those materials

"out." 'Product Manager for -Knogo."

Harvey Q'uigley said the intention

'was't‘d keep’tlic books on- the shell.

which leads to equal access-for
everyone. it is a deterrent that was
not designed to catch thievesf he
said. but rather to keep people from

'taking'books without checkingthem

out. The system is not geared to
prosecution. said Schmidt. The
question of whether the library has
the legal right to search people who
have gonethroughtbe book detector
was not answered by Schmidt or,
Quiglcy.

Some 250.000 detection strips
were purchased With the system but
all thc not been put on books. This
is due to undcrstnfl'ing and recent
cutbacks at the library. according to

. 'g hanlcal «owner.
equipm
Schmidt'recalled seiveralltlmes'When“

 

  
 

 

received the ﬁrst stripsL’These in- ,

c‘lude unbound editions of newer and
more popularjour'nals. Schmidt'also
‘said that new books'con'iing to the
library are also being marked'with
'the special strips. Those' 'Iibrary
materials with the largest circulation
were targeted lirsn'
videiliPerc‘enlage '
'Thereis no ideal percentage ofthe
total library collection that should
becodcd with the strips in'ordcr for
the system to work at‘peak efficien-
cy.'suurccs7said.' That’sort’ of thing is
left to "institdtional needs; said
Schmidt. “We know far better than
ths company: docs' where uthc
problem is .  l.‘havc no doubts
that themissing rates will go down.“
--Quigley said the number of books
needed to be detectable will vary. A
small library. such.‘ as in a high
school. would need 100 p'cr clan! of
'theirwbooks coded. 'However..in- a

1 library the size of SUNYA‘s, such a

plan could be‘ too costly. said
Quigley. He also said that there
{would  “minimal difference“
between having the total colleCtion
detectable. as opposcd‘to even 50 or
60 per cent in such a"large library.
Final answers on the efﬁciency of
the system will be answered in
August when a survey will be taken
using a l000-book sample from
‘various parts of the library. If ex:
perience from similar systems can be
used for evidence. the reduction in
missing rates could be as large as 80-
90 per cent. said Schmidt. In a recent
survey. books lcssthun two years old.
were found to have a nine per cent

sampleis taken.-those figures’should .
come down to two$er cent for the“ ' '
g newer.,books. anduone and one half -
‘ per cent for theolder books.-.but

.Schmidtis- not setting his goals that ' V
high. “I will be happy to get downto ‘
the normative-(rate). which would be

about four per centﬁ‘ thesaid’. ‘-
' . Sensitive Strip.“ ‘ '

 The, procedure. for the systemlina I
volves puttinga piecezof material in-‘.

side a book. This strip is sensitized;
or turned‘onhwhjle the book faith the
shelf. When the book is brought to
the circulation desk. the strip is‘de-
sensitized. ll'pa book has a strip in it

that has not been de-sensitizcd. an i

alarm will go off while the student
walks through the book detector.
and the gate will lock. The librarian

(’Ollfffllll'f/ on puma/our

 

 
 
 
  

 

 
 
 
      

 

 

 
 

  

 

  

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

  
  
   

 

 

The Library new book detection system will bring missing book retee
- down according to Director c. James Schmidt. .v

\

..Naked..;C'am-e “the ' Student to- Sac

;by Thomas Merte,ll.o,. ..

For; twenty years. SUNYAI’rol'.
Albert Higgins hasibccn challenging
students in. his intro Sociology class
to break the.“socia| norm“ and come
to class naked.

“And in ,those twenty years
Higgins would boast. “Not one stu-
dent has taken up that dare.“

That. statement was true until
Tuesday afternoon when junior
Michael North casually strode in to
Lecture Center 18 revealing all he
had to reveal to the delight of over
200 students present.

“I undressed outside the lecture
center.“ said North. “I wanted it to
be as natural as possible.“

‘As the students became aware of
what was happening. roars of
laughter ensued followed by a rous-
ing round of applause for North.

rs
r

Hockey Fight Causes Broken Neck

by Andy Firestone

An AMIA floor hockey player
sullcrctl three broken \crtehruc in
his neck Sunday as a direct result ofn

lute-gumc sculllc which cmplicd'

both Icum hunt'lrcs.

league 1 scm‘rng leader Ilob Pope
o: the Colonist». IL'lllll was listed in
lill?’ condition yesterday at Albrrny
Medical Center. where In is in true-
Iion and L'\pct'lutl to he released
within L‘lglll \wcks.

llw rnlur) occurred with less than
n Illllllllt.‘ lclt III the gaunt- between the
('nloiuxrs and the Nutclcss Nnnooks.
lcrun members stud Robert lloissy
ol lrrt‘ Kuuooks cross-checked Pan
into lllr gym purtltiun wall. it
mnntuvcr which is illegal. and il
penalty was called.

As Pope got to his lcct. he dropped
his slick and headed for Iloissy.
liorssy also dropped his stick.

"I didn‘t know who it was at the
tune." stud Pu pc. “I wanted to trickle
llllll. so I grabbed him around the
knees. trying to pull his legs out from
under him. lnstcud. my head hit his
knee. We full with my lclrin tricked
Illltl my chest]. lle landed on me on
his knees. That‘s when everyone
piled on.“

As the referees were trying to
separate the two individuals. the
tennis proceeded to pile directly on
top of all four. literally buryingthcrn
in the pile—up. l’apc himself did not
know whether it was the pile-up that
caused the injury or not.

The Student Assistant on duty.

FEBRUARY 11.1977 "

Tom Monohan, said he proceeded to
try to clear the area. After about 30
seconds the scufﬂe was over. I’apc
lay on the gym floor complaining of
a sore neck and back and numbness
in the fingers.

Monohun kept him immobile and
checked for u concussion and for
let-ling in the arms and legs. lie then
left the gym to call an ambulance.
S-Qund Volunteer Ambulance
responded and took Pope to Albany
Medical Center for treatment.

Joc Cul'icro. a teammate and per-
sonttl friend of Pope. expressed his
gratitude toward the ambulance
learn. which immobilized Bob. using
it scoop slrclcltcr'. sandbags. and
towels to keep his head and body
stiff. ‘

“They did a great job. llob and l
have composed n letter which we‘ll
send to S-Qund. thanking them for
their [expert assistnnccl.“ snid
Cnfiero.

“It‘s a good thing they assumed
the worst.“ said l’npc. “I though it
was just a sprained neck M the time. I
could feel and move my legs the
whole time I was lying there.
although when [lloissy] fell on me I
felt my arms go straight for my body.
They were numb.“

A meeting of AMIA officials in-
volvcd in the incident recommended
that no disciplinary action be taken
against llob Boissy. l’upe agreed
with the recommendation.

“I don‘t blame the guy." he said. "I
don't think he did it maliciously. and

I don't think hockey should suffer
lrom it. it was a freak accident."
AMIA officials also recommend-
cd that a meeting be held with all of~
licinls and team captains before any
more games are played. lhr: ollicrnls
also recommended that games
scheduled for lcch. l3 ht: postponed.

Refereeing

by lid Moser

There was a general sentiment
umongthosc who played in Sunday's
AMIA hockey game in which liob
l’ape suffered a serious neck injury
that the rcfcrccing had been to lax.
The two referees said the players
lacked discipline.

“There was no control over the
game." said the Colonists' Joe
Cal'icro.

Nanook captain Jeff Webcrman
saw it two ways. “The refs should
have called it a little more closely."
he said. “If they had. all this could
have been avoided."

Webcrmnn added that players on
both sides were “guilty of blatant
checks". and that “the full blame has
to go on the players."

Most players agreedthnt the game
was rough. partly because of the
rivalry between the two teams. The
Nanooks knocked the Colonists out
of last year's semi-finals. while the
Colonials eliminated the Nanooks

,,who extended both arms in the. air

before sitting down in the firstrow.

The scene. madcthc. usually. glib

Higginsat‘a lossfor words. Four
. times the sociology professor opened
his mouthto speak__and four times
nothing came out.
‘ Bells. Not ('hutlpah

After Higginsrcguined control of
his vocal cords. he said. “Myfricnds.
that took Chutzpah. More than
Chutzpah. that took balls.“

Higgins then attempted to defend
his dare now that the quest for the
naked student had finally ended.

“We been teaching for twenty
years." Higgins told the class.
."Belicvc it or not. that comes down
to over 20.000 students whohave
heard that challenge. That means
that for over 20.000 students. I‘ve

/only been wrong once. Nowthnl isn't
too bad."
. The remark drew jccrs from the
students. who were basking in what
they considered to be an historic mo-
ment.

While Higgins proceeded to give
his lecture. North remained seated in
his full splendor.

“i put my clothes on about twenty
minutes into the lecture." said
North. "1 put them on bccnusc I got
cold. Most Iccturc centers are very
warm. but not this one.“

'l he dorc b) Higgins is customari-

Called Lax

the year before.

Referee Mitch Ilcrslic said. “This
is what happens when the players
don‘t restrain themselves
players have to remember they're
playing a game and not a war."

The game's other referee. Ira
(irons. spoke of the “hot emotion
between the two teams" and added
“if I call too many penalties. then it's
not fun to play anymore."

(iross said that whistles on two
different calls had been blown before
the scuffle between Pope and Robert
lloissy which resulted in broken
bones in Pope‘s neck. (iross said that
besides the cross-checking call on
lloissy. ltersric had blown the whis-
tlc on a Nnnook player for slashing
seconds before the crosscheck
leading up to the light. Gross
pointed out that the whistle could
not be heard above the‘sltotrts of
players demanding to know how
much time was left on two earlier
penalties.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

‘~‘ 1'. ’ ‘ .
ly made as part of the Introduction
to Sociology class to showbow
society, sets up social structures

.which are usually adhered to.

' “We were sitting around Saturday

night, discussing social norms and
how people play social games". said
.ludi Stansky. a friend of North.
“Then it occurred to me that Higgins
had said the same thing and made
the dare.“

“People play so many social
games." said North. “I don’t want to
be a conformist. People can become
stagnent if they don't go away from
the norm.“

Higgins said afterwards that his
initial reaction to North’s grand en-
trance was "total disbelief."

lie Responded'

“I set up a social situation and he
responded." snid Higgins. “It was
niirryclous application with
rcmurknhlc consistency with the
dare situation."

“He made it crlsy Ior me by setting
up n social situation." said North.

"One of the things about man."
Higgins said. “is the more predic-
tions you mnkcnbout how he's going
to act. the more in: responds in up-
posite ways."

Higgins lllllcd that North hnd
"social support by tlic_pruscncc of
friends and that it might lnnc been at

r'muinuerl on page four

In Hockey

“Players always complain about
officials." said AMIA Coordinator
Dennis lilkin. “I hear very few com-
plimcnts about any officiating from
players."

According to Elkin. a player in’
volvcd in an aggressive action such
as pushing a referee or striking
another player is usually brought
before the AMIA Council. If found
guilty by the Council. the player can
be subject to penalties ranging from
a verbal reprimirnti to a suspension
from AMIA activity for the rest of
his stay at SUNYA. Elkin says Ire
can't remember an incident in which
the latter penalty was invoked.

Players taking part in extremely
unsporrsrnanlikc conduct are put on
it “fighting list" kept by AMIA.
Elkin said that the list acts as a '
deterrent. since someone placed on it
may think twice before fighting
again. '

Several incidents in the past

‘ continued on page four

PAGE Tantra

 

 

