 

l

by Eddie   A

n For the. thirdttraight year, the
winner of theIUniversity Center Ten-
nis: Championships was , the host
school. Uni'ortunatelyforthe Albany

  

State varsity team. the tournament »
was: held at Blnghamton. as' Albany '

~ tookjseeo'nd place, finishing ahead of
Buffalo. , g _' ‘
t'l'he Danes Went‘to Binghamton
li'tst SatUrday as the defending
champs of the tournament and their
head coach. Robert Lewis. expected
a repeat performance. “We should
have won this tournament." he said
alter it was all over.

Lewis expected the competition to
be close with Binghamton giving the
Danes the most trouble. He was
right.

Hinghamton finished the tourney
with i4 wins while Albany came
away with it. Buffalo iinished far
behind with only two wins.

The competition was moved in-
doors due tolhe ritin and each match
was played under pro-set rules: The
Iirsl player winningeight games look

the set.

 

1

'Albany faced'iiinghamtoii in the
first "round and after singles‘piay.
each team had‘ three wins. For
Albany. their number one. two. and
live players scored victories. Paul
Fcldman beat Mark Goldberg 8-4.
Dave Denny edged Eric Rossum 8-7

in a tie-breaker and PhiliAckerman

beat Bill ’l'ustanoski 8-4.

For Binghamton. their third.
fourth and sixth players beat their
Albany opponents. ‘ Les Shayne
trimmed Mitch Sandler 8-7. Mark
Lil‘s-chill beat Matt Reich 8-7 and
Ken' Levey topped Mike Fertig 8-2.

The Danes next faced Buffalo in
singles competition. They fared
much better as only Reich lost. drop-
ping an 8-4 decision to Ted Bitughn.
The rest ofthe Danes brcered toeasy
wins. r'cidman beat Rob Uurbacki
tl-S. Denny shut out Steve Spiegel it-
0. Sandlcr beat Steve lllumbing 8-5.
Ackerman trounced Dave Meyers ll-
tl. and r'ertig beat Larry Blei berg 8-4.

Albany had eight wins at this
point and were still in the runningfor

Traekwomen 3rd At Cortland

by ( hrisiinc Bellini

Sttriacing third out at live teams
at the Cortland Initiational last
Sat lll’tlil). the Albany State women's
track and Iield squad ptilled a IeW
"surprises" according to coach liar-
btii‘ti Palm and managed to nail first
place Ill cients they hadn't quite ex-
pected to “in. 4

It uniting \\Illl "rather lllllbe-Slllil"
relay teams. tine\peclcd com-
binations managed to take the 440
leiit} ill til-lit seconds and tile ltltti
medley relay Ill l15‘).

Ilandoffs Stiff

'Althotigli our handolls Werea lit-
tle still. the women really held their
ground tiitd ran like there has iiti
tomorrow in the relays.“ l'iilni ex-
plaiiicd.

Albany’s lcresa lhites took third
in the Hill yard dash in i2.il7
seeonds.just .20 seconds shy til Cor-
nell‘s winnliigtlnic. I)iaiic Weston's
liith place finish gave Albany ittottil
ill Iolir points tor the event.

Albany's teternn Mary Iillen
l‘oley tool. third place Ill the 440
with a {-3.07 clocking. trailing Cor-
nell's star rtinnei‘ Itoseit. who cap-

 

lurcd the event in 61K seconds. Ad-
diiig another third pliiee linish iii the
400 meter httrdles. l'olcy liitislicd in
Ho minutes. only lI\L' seconds after
Coi'llantl‘s entry broke lltc tape.

In the 220 yard dash. Albany's
Charlene Sherwood letl the way in
Iirsl (27.23). lollowed by Bates in sc-
ctiiid l27.2Xl iitid ihane Wcstoit in
lotn'th l2K.2lll. llic trio totalled |2
points tor the event.

l'iili) Murphy itinshcd lotlt‘llt in
the two-mile rilii in I154 tiiiittitcs
atid n asthe oiily Albany distance eii-
try til tltc day.

in the Iield ciciits. Albany‘s shot
put and discus thrower. l.ir. Kirk.
totalled ll\’L' points in tlietwoevents.
taking seeoittl iii the shot t.lS‘ll"l itttd
.‘ith ill the discus (X5‘l").

On their own ttirl'. the Corilattd
runners literally rnti iiway thli the
meet. totaling Mil points on the day.
Cornell University lollowcd in se-
conu “till tut points while Alhtlny
garnered 45.

l'olloiting the liartwick meet
toinoiion. the team Will be readying
thcmsclies lot' the l-.AIAW Cliltm~
ioiislit is to be held Mav ti iind 7.

 
   
   

art/roam! IUCNMAN

Albany's Dorothea Brown ehaoita competition in third lap at medley
relay laat weak. Team llnlaliad third in Cortland invitational.

 
  
 
  

the crown. Hrﬁvever. they needed to
beat ,llinghamton in two of the three
doubles matches and tall three
against Buffalo if they were totake it
back with them.

They came close but not close
enough..()nce again. Binghamton
was the ..Danes' first opponent.
Albany‘s number oncteam of Feld-
man and Sandler’ lost to Goldberg

'and Rossum 8-5 while Reich and

Andy Anloszyk defeated Lil'sehiti.
and 'l‘ostanoski tl-2 at third doubles.
giving each team one win.
('rueliti Match

Now came what Lewis termed “the
crucial match.“ The/Danes needed
this match to keep their title hopes
alive. Albany‘s Denny ttnd Acker-
man Werc leading Shayne and Levey
7-5 and appeared to be on their way
tti victory. but the Hinghamton duo
Won the next two games to send the
match into a tiehreaker. Dennyand
Ackerman had three match points.
leading 4-2. but couldn‘t cash in on
any of them ,as Shayne and Levey
took the tie-breaker 5-4. thus
clinching the title for Binghamton.

Albany won two of the three
doubles matches against Buffalo.
but by then they Were meaningless.

(.‘oach Lewis Wits disappointed
with his team's second place iinish
and with the team's overall perfor-
mance to date. “We aren‘t Winning

Runners Win Fourth Meet In Row

by Rich Seligson

lhe Alhaiiy State track and lield
team extended their Winning streak
to ltllll' oti Wediicsdi 'altcrnoon. as
they convincineg deleated botlt ()s-
wego and ()nconla III a home SUNY
Contcrence triangular meet.

llte tI—4 Ditties. scoring lll every
eienl (it oi lit lirst place lmishesl.
“on the competition Willi 92 points.
Iolltiwcd by ()swego lll second with
on. mid Oiteontit tti third with 45.

file tiiect begiiti on a positive note
lor the Danes. Albany‘s liric
Jackson and Miirk Lavttnltnished l-
2 in the six-mile rtin tan event which
Wits rttn at home tor t he first time this
spring) iti times oi .ll:|.'l.9iind “:40
respectively. "I‘m pleased as punch
Willi line." said lieiid ctitlcli Robert
Munscy. "He shoch more Iiipthiin
l‘ie scett trom liitn in ii loiig time."

(the University li'ack record was
broken till this netir-periect day.
weather-Wise. lite l)iines‘ Victorious
440 relay team Ill ()riii (if‘lllill. |)nn
l)nctidy. Rich lliiskiiis. and lieniiy
Smith sliced .l tilt the old mark til
“at. set by the |‘)71 Albany and
I‘l'IS ilrockporl sounds. thsey
said that the relay was none tll his
i'uniiers' best evctits. and that he Wits
\cry pleased Willi their sliownig.

Smith. it promising Ireshmnn.
won the ltlll yartl tittin in Ill.2. just
edging otit ()swcgo‘s l)nve Moiiltoii
iii the lttpc. lltit Mottlton avenged
the loss by etippitigtltc 120 iii 21K tti
dcieat Smith. who came Ill third at
21.2.

()iiconta's Russ Aeeii triumphed
iii the 440 in 50.0. with (itiitin iind
Steve Williams oi the Danes rottii-
ding hill the lopthrec. it Wits l he first
time this season that (irtllin liittl
competed in this distance while
Williiuns liiitl never run the race
before.

()neotttit. ttltltotigli coming in last
pltice. hiid twu double-winners. Aeeli
liiid victories in the iitile itiid lltlli.

 

 

 

 

  

 
  

 
 
 

 
 

  

UPS] RONNIE IUCNMAN

Albany nutter readiaa for return ahot in recent home meet. The Dance
tiniahed second in University Center Tennla Championahlpa.

the matches We should be. We‘re los-
ing a lot of three-setters and tie-
brettkers that we used to win. For
sortie reason. the team isn‘t mentally
in shape." he said.
Return On Tuesday

'l he Danes. who laced lltc U niver-

sity til Massachusetts yesterday on

uhtle l)a\'c Wheeler recorded a dott-
ble Ill the pole vatilt atid I20 high
htll‘tllcs. Albany's ('hi'is Burns ran
the ltxt) tor the lust tiiiicthis season.
and iiiiishcd third behind Corpiii
lintl teammate Steve Kapltin.
Miinsey commented on lliirns‘ tran-
sitiott lot this race. as he usually rttns
the three-mile. "I wanted to give
Chris a change with some speed
workouts."

In all ol Albany’s meclslhls spring
the ires'hman crew has tttrtted in
several solid perlormiinecs. l'lits was
no exception. llcsides Smith‘s
success ill the record-selling reitty
and lot) and 220 yard dashes. he fared
well in the .1 mile-run its well. brush
Miitt Williams and llill Mathis. who
built run cross country in the litll.
came in first iiitd second iii the field.
clo 'king l5 0', spec-

 

Traekator Bill Malhia in action in the three-mile run. Maihla came in

the road and trilvcl to Siena College
tomorrow. return home I'ttcsday to
Ittcc Union College. the match Will
leitturc l’attl l‘cldllltlll and tarry
l.innet. it local star. in the number
one matelt. All matches begin at 1
pm. tilt the litdiiiii Quad courts. All
spectators are welcome.

ll\L‘i). And there is one more
Ireshmitn. who is loaded \vtth tiilcnt.
Iltis is lion l)|'t>ss. the llancs‘
Iresliniau sensation.

llross broke his own team record
ill the 440 intermediate hurdles. niid
won the long lump t1l'tt“). llis littie
oi 55.! til the hurdles Wits aii ini-
proicnient til .7 over tltc record he set
one week ago ittesdtiy at
l'lattsbnrgh. it should not be too
lotig helorc l)ross challenges the lln-
iversity l'rliek record ol 54.5. Willi
his sinooth style itiid line speed.

Mttnscy is pleased With his
Iturdlers. "All oi them are coming
tiloiigjtist great. I‘m terribly proud:
they're iill showing improvement ill
the same time.“

Albany Itiretl esti'entely well til the
weight events: Mtieh oi the success

t‘tllllfllllt't/ oII [iitgtA/oitrll'eii

   

UPI} RONNIE IUCKMAN

second in the event in his that attempt. Wadnaaday.

 

vol. Lawns-22 -» 

by Stephen Dalnanlta
, SUNYA President Emmett Fields
will leave Albany this summer to
take a top post at Nashville's
News Vanderbilt Universi-
ty.
Fields announced
yesterday that he will
return to the South as President of
the school where he received his
Masters and doctorate. and served
as Dean of the College of Arts and
Sciences for nine years.

“It's kind of ii homecoming.“ siiid
Vlindcrbilt Director of Public Infor-
matiott Jan llelehcr. '

Selected Disappearance

Under Field‘s two year reign.
SUNYA has had to pit increasing
costs against inadequate funding.
'l he disappearance of selected
academic programs itiid teachers ltas
been a net result of these uneasy

Analysis

’timcs.

Ficlds' Task Force on Resources
and Priorities introduced SUNYA
to its mission of purpose long before
it was formally proposed. In the car-
ly spring of l976. the Task Force
recommended that programs stich as
Nursing. Environmental Studies and

.,

 

Speech Pathology be cut -
programs that did not ﬁt into the
new public policy thrust.‘

Not until nearly half a year later
Wits the Proposed Mission State-
ment released for public comment
and consumption.

Terminated programs were often
misconstrued as cuts. mandated by
the State budget. causingsttidcntsto
protest to the legislature for more
money.

But the programs students were
looking to resurrect Were eliminated
because Fields was channeling
reduced resources into areas best
suited for public policy research. If
cuts had been made only to meet the
requirements of the Legislative
Budget. changes at SUNYA would
have been much less startling.

The State Education Department
took away SUNYA‘s History and
English l’h.l) programs: in an
attetnpt itt revival. Fields cut lit the
undergraduate level of those
departments.

One thing Fields did attract was
an American Association of Univer-
sity Professors investigating com-
mittee. The ntitionul professor's

   

 

UPS/KEN AMRO

A committee looking to hire faculty for the History Department “waa
formed to survey the whole spectrum" of candidates. according to
Dean of Social Sciencea Richard Kendall.

 

total program.

qticticrs."

total program.

sititi'l“

ment [in the funnel"

 

r
Fields Departure Causes
History Doctoral Worry

Ilic announced departure of SllNYA President liminett Fields lins
caused the historydcpiirtinent to worry that it iniiy tiol regain its lloc«

"l‘nt unhappy With the turn of events." snid history professor Sung
link Kim. “Fields made it very strong coiiiiiiitliiietit to us. Now the
tlcllillllil'c oi the tiitiii who supported its may have serious consc-

II was l-ields. in cotijtitietioii Willi SUNY Central. who initiated it
More ycni improvement plan for the department after it lost its doc-

“Willi him leaving. it complicates ottr situation." said history
department chairman Joseph Zitcek. "In it sense it personltlconiniltt-
ment was made to the department. The president has stood firm. He
has continued to reserve ll‘iiciiltyj lities for us. We're pttrt of his miti-
sioii. Wliitt happens to the eotninittmeiit'l Wliitt iiitppeiitt to the inhi-

“ the comniittnictits to the departments are institutional. not per-
sonal." said Fields. “1 don't anticipate any difference in the comntltt-

\

 

 

organization was questioning the in-
tegrity of academic freedom. tenure
and due process‘at Sl'NYA. The
AAUP is currently considering
SUNYA for its censure |ist~a war-
ning to all members ofthe teaching
profession that unsuitable academic
conditions prevail here.

liven now. SUNYA has had trou-
ble filling academic positions in its
History deplirtnicnt and at least two
candidates invited by a search com-
ittittcc to serve as Vice President for
Academic Affairs declined the offer.

How much Fields?

It‘s difficult to gatigc how much of
I‘icld's direction came from above
SUNY Central. the llottrd of
Trustees. the State. llut it‘s evident
that to a liirgc degree l’ields‘ plans
for SUNYA coincided withthc State
budget and the SUNY master plan.

Fields was the initilitor ofthe Un-
iversity of Houston Mission Study
during his tenure there r-the docu~
ment which. with its emphasis on
public policy research. served its the
inspiration for much of SUNY/\‘s
own mission statement.

All in accordance with the master
plan. which called for a focus on

History F

by Thomas Martello

The history department has yet to
ltirc nationally recognized scholars
after nearly two years of a three year
recruitment drive aimed iit reviving
its defunct doctoriil program. One
goiil of the drive is to hire live
scholars.

Serious negotiations are currently
being conducted with one eminent
historian. Another of lesser prestige
has decided to iiceept it position it!
SUNYA its itti associate professor
for at least one year.

The lloard of Regents terminated
both SUNYA‘s history and English
programs iii l075 after condtieling a
state-wide doctoral review. The deci-
sion to terminate Wits based primari-
ly on the lack of published scholars
of national renown within the
departments.

After the Board of Regents‘ itc-
tion. SUNYA President Emmett
l‘ields set forth llll itnprovement pltiii
in order to liiivc the programs rc-
registered.

“The goal was to increase the
department‘s scholarly iinitgc very
rapidly." said history department
chairman Joseph Zitcck. “Unfor-
ttiniitcly. progress has been slownntl
we haven‘t hired anybody."

A search committee was set tip
ttiid given the task of surveying
iteceptablc schollns who might be
liirctl to SUNYA.

llroatl Survey

“The cotiititittcc Wtis formed to
survey the whole sp 1‘ ." said
Dean of Social Sciences Richiird
Kendall. "It covers talking \Vllll
ilietii. specialization. etc."

The history department Wished to
speciali/e in American history and
selectively oii littropeliti history.
Offers linve been inttde to it ntuitber
of historians iii these fields. only tti
result iii rejection. Cited reasons
have included the Phi) program loss
ititd SUNanlde fisciil instability.

"it‘s been ttii exhausting two
years." tillld Zttcek. "We‘ve screened
it lot of people. i don't think that

 

Uhlvaraity at New V'o'ritat Albany?

45. . ..‘_

 

(ﬁelds To Leone 5 For Presidency i‘ Vanderbilt 5 7 ‘ 

 

,,
UPS/MAIV ANN HDVAK

The controveraial term at SUNVA President Emmott Fialda la coming
to a clone. Fielda will be leaving thta summer for Vanderbilt Univoraity.

public policy in general terms. leav-
ing Fields with a relatively free blind
in implementation. But now. he is
leaving.

It is not clear who will fill the shoes
of limmett Fields. The University
Council will recommend interim
leadership for SUNYA and establish

a means lor choosing Fields'
successor. according to it letter
released by Acting SUNY
Chancellor James Kelly and Univer-
sity Council Chitirman .l. Vtinderbilt
Strauh. ‘Fields said it is natural to
assume his successor will be
someone presently ttt SUNYA.

ails To Lure Scholars

there aren't many renowned people
we haven’t considered. Those welik—
cd have all turned us down.“

Among those who rejected offers
to tettch at SUNYA are Arthur
Meitdl of the University of
Michigan. Edward l’essen of (‘UNY
and Paul T. Murphy ofthe U niversi-
ty of Minnesota iit Minncltpolis.

Murphy Wits offered the chair-
manship of the department. replac-
ing Ziteck. who is presentlyl'iiiishing
his term. Murphy rejected the offer
largely because of the lack of ii doc-
loriil program.

"My concerns involved the
problems With the certification ofthe
graduate program.“ said Mtirplty.
“Among the responsibilities of the
chairman is to recruit top people. it
is very difficult tti get nationally
prominent people oitto the depart-
ment as loitg its there Wits this cloud
oi doitbt. It would be very difficult
for me to be successful.“

Rejected $40,000

Murphy. who is servtiig as it
visiting professor at the University of
North Carolina itl Charlotte. dis-
cussed the position at "great length"
witli Kendall iiiitl l‘ields iii
December. The cluin'miinship he re-
jccted would lilivc piiid $40.0lltl.

()ne ollcl' thtlt will be ttccepted is
ati iissocintc professorship to Daniel
\Vhitc ol the University of
Mtissaclttisctts itt llostoti.

"l lllll goliig to accept an offer to
be a Visiting associate professor next
year.“ said White. “I have not as of
yet written my reply."

White. who will be working iitider
it one year contract. has an expertise
in (iermiiti history. He Wits denied
tenure it year ago iit Ml'l’. where he
was llll associate professor.

“There was it lot of financial
retrenchment going oit there." said
White. u'l'htit department is having
its problems."

"if it person ltl denied tenure iit itn
ivy league school. it in no way im-
plies denegrittion.“ said Kendall.

"We‘ve gotten scores of

  
 

    

applications from junior scholars.“
siiid Zitcck. "if we Wiinled to fill
positions with them. they'd be no
problem.“

According in fields. the original
pliin ol improvement called for
senior scholars as well as "some of
the lower rank who are younger and
are not yet of stature.“

Zaeck said lllttl the department
has oflercd scholars lucrative con-
tracts with fringc benefits.

“We‘ve gone very far out of our
way to accomodate t hcsc people." he
said. "We‘ve oflercd them unusually
hiin salaries. made arrangements
Witlt people on sabbttticitls and other
things. 'lheorctically. it should be it
big draw.“

“We‘re embedded ttiider a clotid oi
dc-registering." said SUNYA Presi-

dent Emmett l'iclds. All oi the
publicity we‘ve gitined hasn‘t
helped.“

l'he SUNY trustees attempted to
block the tic-registering of the
progrnins through the courts. bill
were thwarted iii llltll littctnpt. The
court hiittle between SUNY and the
Board ol Regents drew iiincli
piiblicny. as did SllNYA‘s reputa-
tion ol having ll below-par history
program.

” People have said that the depart-
iiiciil is ititieli better tliiiti the reptttii-
tioii it has gained tlite totlie Regents
report." said l‘iclds. “It's sort of it
Catch-22. l'hey tell its that we don't

t'ttltlllltlt't/ till [rtlgt‘ Itt'ii

 

lNDEX
Ciaaallied...................
Editorial 

 
  
 
  

Tower Tribune....
Weekend......
Zodiac New

Student Bankruptcy
aaa

 

 

 

  
  
 
  
  
  
  

  

 
 
  
 
 
       
      
      

 
 

 
 
   
    
 
  
  
 
 

 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 

  
    

  
 

 
   
 
 
  
 
 
  
   

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
   
 

   
    
    
  
 

  
  
 
 

 

    

 

 
 
  
 
 
   
 
 
  
  
   
  
  
    
 
  
   
   
  
 
  
   
   
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
   
    
    
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 

.w.-_~. ‘.;_—._

 

   

  
   
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
   
 
 

 

  

 

   

v — —.-~..—_‘ M.._b._. _~._-

 
 
 
 

   
  
   
  

.nw.-.»~..w M <

  
 
 
  
 
 

    

