 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   *  
' ‘  Minds

we study co '
9L involved , . '
relationshipslw have it easy. as “far as daily
decision miilti'ng'is‘oesr .‘ 7 "  , .

, .lfor many students the first decision ofany
v given day is whether to attend classes for the
day or to “roll 'back' between the sheets.
Subsequent decisions l'all'into- categories of
declining concern..'_.Should ~ something or
someone drag the student from bed. which
‘ classes should be attended.'whose dope to buy.
:rwh‘ich toilet tissue is lowest on abrasion and
“other such apparent trilles. ’
’ . I. are are occupations. however. where the
daily decision making is more substantial.
Consider. for a moment. the amount of stress
which a person like Jimmy Carter must face
every morning and sleep with eachnight.

As the sun rises each day Jimmy Carter
must ask himself. “Will I blow up the world
today?“ lmagine the annoyance. Many nights
Rosalyn must roll over and preface her
satisfaction with. the fact that Jimmy didn't
blow up the world. Jimmy must cringe.
Closing his eyes. he fears that the demonic
monster wearing Castro's hat. ldi Amin's
medals and Khrushchev's shoes will haunt
him. .

On other nights. Jimmy‘s slumber is
disturbed by familiar rumblings of national
security and your posture abroad. How long

can even the most reluctant of politicians last

_ before giving in to nuclear temptation?

1When will the combination of SALT.
Domino ‘and former Hamburg Helpers‘like
Dr. Kissinger lead Jimmy to spell relief n-u-k-
e? . .

o
The answers to these questions have

‘imponant implications for the entire human

race. Like many people I have spoken with. |
frankly don't give a goddamn about them.

Given a world where any of a dozen itchy-
Iingered international leaders. with “nuclear
capabilities.” can play God and end human
habitation of the planet. the simple life makes
sense. Ours is the generation born amidst
bomb shelters. air-raid threats and overkill
estimates. How can people with a built-in
attitude of tenuousness toward everything
concern themselves with anything beyond the
immediate. mundane decisions?

Sleepthe day away. It‘s later than you think.
If you are really optimistic you can set your
alarm clock tonight for some time tomorrow.
or defrost that chopped chuck for tonight's
burgers. Nuclear holocaust. however. is as
likely an element of the five>day forecast as is

rain or wind.

that distant rumbling you hear could be
thunder. but it might be the sound effects of
someone turning Rhode Island into a real
island. Oh well. smoke 'em if you got ‘em.

'  ‘ we‘ Were
Mixed By Dick’s Tricks

by William Heller I

First we had the old Nixon. that staunch
anti-Communist main with the dog who we
wouldn't have to kick around anymore. Then
came the new.Ni.\‘on. friend of the Russians
and the Chinese. creator of peace with honor.
\ilio left the national scene in I974.

It is said that biid luck occurs in cycles of
three. It was inevitable that we would see the
new Nixon unfolding belore our eyes. It is
ironic that "Its week marks Nixon‘s
reappearance into public View. the seventh
anniversary of the American incursion into
Cambodia and the deaths tit Kent State
University.

Why thc reappearance? Apparently the man
wants to have his image rehabilitated in the
eyes ol America. He doesn't want to be
rehabilitated. he just wants it for his image.
You can't send an image toyail. So now we
have this new Nixon to listen to. Let‘s leave
him tor a while iind look back a few years.

It is the end of October. I972. The
campaigns ot tieorge Mctiovern and the
President are in the final stages. things were
looking great for the Prestdeiit. The polls
showed that he'would win big One of his lew
campaign appearances was set for October 3|
at the Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum.
in the heitrt of Republican country.

tickets for the massive rally were to be
distributed by local, Republican headquarters
on Long Island! Only‘ loyal party members
were to get them. My tricn‘ds and l. part of the
McUovcrn campaign; were able to get tickets
despite this. We were ready for a few laughs in
an otherwise hopeless campaign.

when the time come we piled into a
Volkswagen and'wc we're on our way. As we
approached the Coliseum we noticed security
was tight. We stoppcd'bcl‘ore the gates and
peeled mt: Mcuove‘m sticker on the car. We
parked the car and walked overto ii gate at the
far end of the lot. Vietnam veterans against the
war. and ti lew Hotstra students, shouted
protests. We hadobtained some extra tickets
to the rally and distributed them among the
Vietnam vets.

i

the scene inside the Coliseum was
incredible. We made our way through a vast
sea of Nixonta as we were shownto our seats.

We took our seats. the Vietnam vets. in
unilorm. sat next to us. behind us was a row of
nice Republican types out for an enjoyable
evening. below us. ontlic stage.sat the Nassau
County Republican hierarchy along with the
New York State Republican hierarchy.

the lights dimmed and “youth for Nixon"
started tiling onto the Coliseum floor like a
herd ol sheep. Ihc nice little boys With their
take straw hats. and the cute little girls with
their short dresses. crushed against each other
on the floor. waitingto heled in rousing cheer.

Someone led all cightccn thousand of us in
the Pledge of Allegiance. the Vietnam Vets
recited it as one. Joseph Margiotta. head of
the well greased Nassau County Republican
machine. pointed to them. Secret service.
pltiiiiclothcs security. and Nassau police came
closer and kept their eyes wide open. A
Videotape at it John Connally television
speech was shown on giant l'V screens around
the Coliseum. this boring speech helped get
the crowd cxcitcd tor the President.

I he speech ended and there were
introductions of the party hierarchy. then a
voice out ol nowhere announced the
president.

the noise died down and the President
began his prepared speech. Alter about one
minute the Vietniini Veterans, stood up and
unfurled an American flag with a peace
symbol in lieu of stars. They began chanting.
"Murderer. Murderer . . . Stop the War."

My lriend also stood. l was afraid and
remained seated. the security men. whoever
they were. were screaming to sit down. The
Vietnam vets were grabbed and dragged away.
Nixon people were trying to push my friend
down a few rows of seats, We held onto him.

by now Nixon had stopped speaking and all

eyes were upon or. Myl'ricnd was being pulled

away by security and we soon toiit him. All this

time t remained seated as did my other friends.

All hell broke loose. We were dragged over

rows of seats iiitu the aisle. We were pushed
l

 

 

bridging
the gap?

To the Editor: , .

I have the unfortunate distinction of being
the first to deal with the new SA
Administration. I was one of four people

vacancy were inconspicuoust posted less than
24 hours before the only interest meeting held.
‘ The person selected for the position is a
good friend of ﬂuids» they will be
apartmentmates this summer-v-tind was bold
enough to claim fie/tire the election that if
Gold were elected he would be named
comptroller. After being interviewed by the
selection committee. I was told by one of the
members that the decision for comptroller had
been made regardless of the outcome of my
interview.

It seems incredible that ajob that entails so
much responsibility is being tilled less on the
basis of ability thitn on personal friendship.
That this is true is supported by the fact that
(told. in telling me of his decision. expressed
his opinion thitt my outside background was
superior than that of the person selected. In
short. I was not part of the SA clique.

David (told. as it turns ottt. is little more
than it politician. His campaign included the
promise to bring ncw people into student
government. llis choice for comptroller is it
ncitl contradiction. And we were all told in
endless posters ol the gap to be hridgcd
between SA and the students. Nicc campaign

 rhctoric. that‘s all it was. All who supported
(iold can now be on their guard - slogans and

' actions have already goiicthcir separate ways.
Niitiic withheld

here come
the escorts

To the Editor:

As a member of the student escort patrol l
htth found that the greatest problem so tar is
the lack of knowledge on the part of most
students. l‘rom 7:30 p.m. to 1:30 am. on
weekdays. and 8:00 p.m. to 2:00 a.m. on
weekends. ten students patrol the campus and

 

to grab us. Nixon families were screaming

cop.

someone who was lwtstitig to get tree. We

stopped in. One at our friends was Working

the age of permissivencsa Wits over. “may
it did lor us. but hesultercd the consequences
you. Anything he’ has to say is just telliser'ving

rhetoric-He Would just as soon send lit ' ‘ 
’ittter you than listen to you. h- 

from one security min to another. We were
kicked and punched. the people were yelling

lcvcrishly.

We ended up inthc lobby. A large man in it
business suit grabbed me. said something.
and threw a right to my mouth. He pushed me
outsidennd I went llyiiig past a Nassau county

My friends and l qu1ckly Iotiiid each other.
With the exception of one. We thought he had
been arrested. him cops passed us carrying

found my friend. Roland. He told us that he
was not bodily thrown out. but he walked out
alter being hit in the lace with a blackjack. His
nose looked broken. I had a fat lip and my
shirt was ripped.

Outside. a man claiming to be a Newsday
reporter began asking us questions. thn he
asked tor our names and rctuscd to give his. we
became suspicious.

the ride home trom the Coliseum was
interesting. the live til us all talked. We were.
hyper alter that experience. We saw alight in ‘
our local Mctjoycrn headquarters: and

late sir we told her whiit had happened.
the next day we learned limit the WWW '
alter we were thrown out Nixon declared that'

have taken him longer to get thrown out than

of his actions. Don‘t let this new Nixonl'ool

being considered l'orthe unpublicized position 
of SA comptroller. Signs announcing” the,

downtown dorms. Iiitch quad has a team of

 

- two students equipped with radios. ﬂashlight;

and pass keys. White badges are worn for
identification. IOur duties are to escort people
to any point on campus. In addition. wesctai

. the eyes and ears ot'the Univchtly Police. w:

serve to watch for people who don‘t belong on
this campus and might pose it possible danger,
We are permitted to give chase. but unless
attacked. not permitted to assault anyone.
Alter working live nights I hays receth‘d

'only positive reactions from otherstudents.l ~

have escorted eight Women. and secured
several doors on the podium and the quads

that should have been locked. the cndrcsultis -

that injust five nights work. I have hclpcdli)
prevent several possible crimes.

As the weather gets warmer, the chances at
serious crime taking place Will increiiie,
Despite this. women still walk around by
themselves late at night. Our coniuci WIlhlllL‘
University Police w1l| hopcltlll) make this
campus sitter. Wc hope students \\l|i lltnt‘u
hcttcr awareness of the patrol and that the
program Will continue in the tall.

Itinid Kali

barrier
buster

To the Editor:

As disabled students. \\t' iiiiiit to
congratulate Central Council lor \otinglunili
to make Camp Dippikill bill'l‘lL'l' li‘cc Weiuii
may have thc t'irst accessible onihousc lnlllt’
nation.

With modifications to the oiiihouw illlti
overnight facilities. WllCCiL‘ililll hound
students will now be able to slit) ill Dippikill.
We all support the Camp through \llldt'nl
taxes. Now all ot its can ciiioi II It is
unlortunutc. however. that llicsc lilt’lltllt‘t
were not originally constructh to he i‘iillflt'l
free. It would have been a [lit-ll ilcsil lm
expensive lhlln rebuilding, We hope that Illlt
tact will he noted by the innit-mi)
community.

Central Council and the Camp limirdurrlo
becommended for their suppori oi this [ititjt‘t‘l
and their awareness of the disubIt-d \llldt‘lll
populatioti at SUNYA.

Ugh... l|.imilinn
Jayne Scliill
ll;iib.ii.i Stitirl/
Mcinbciu ol 311’”

adios,
amigos

To the Editor:

As my term ol otlicc Comes to tilt L‘llti i
would like to thank all those prniilc “l1”
supported me. I regret the loci Hm I dill
lcavmgthis ollicc havmg itClllcvctl a tilk'ill «li'ﬂl
lcss than I had hoped to. M_\ lioptw “ch
shattered by the actions til ii iii“. In lllt' [ml
lcw months it was an unwritten liIL‘l Ill.ll(‘1”.\y
Parker was not itspokespersoiiloi Ills Student
Association. At this tune] would liii- impoik
tor Student Association.

this year's Student
uccoml’lishcd a number of things l‘irxldﬂ“
Stcvc DIMco successfully illtt‘tlttlcd ll":
student population Irom iticii \Iudt‘l“
Association. When his stand on illl lhslll' was
needed he was nowhere to bc loiitid Hc
consistently supported imm- mimic aim \icic
wrong and did not eiitorec policies IlltltiL' hi
Ills administration,

Student Association ('titilt'ollt‘i Null”!
Mlmtin Wits-"not ‘ila‘huvcdﬁslul its \i c “L'
rarely put liimselt'in at position where he could
be scrutinized. As a member ol the "big Iour
In Student Association lte successlulli' hid in
his office.

Central Council‘ChtiirpL-rson mu I MW
had a more ditt'tcutt role. He acted in lltL’ W“
finttlt-‘nder iii central Circus. hilt ilt' was
unable to channel the endless cnctg)‘ nl “W
Circus into a better Student Association

I would like 10, lhuttk'the students. tilt“
tiiculty. the administration. and the many

Assiitlillllm

The following are cxccrpts from WSUA's
“Straightlinc” show. which will be aired this
Sunday at 8:00 p.m. Host Dan Gaines spoke
to SUNYA President Emmett B. Fields.

Guinea: Who decided to send SUNYA in its
new direction? Former Chancellor boycr? The
board of Trustees?

Fields: Well. I Iiavetostand pivot to all that.
that‘s in the nature of the role. I'm just
reflecting on the question. trying to remember
who said what. back there in the Spring of'75.
I came with the belief already strong in my

I.

mind that the developmental model of a
comprehensive university was passe. So a
more tightly toned. compact model that would
try to take advantage. for its own intellectual
growth. ofall characteristics or elements inthc
outside world that it's linked to. and that
meant that one could look around in one's
immediate environment for catalytic
possibilities. So I had that idea. Now. when I
talked that wayto Ernie Boyerinthe Spring of
'75. he said he believed that was correct. I
suppose that he had come to the same
conclusion by his own processes. We also
talked. this was over breakfast. so you know it

ill i.i..i iiiiiii..

can‘t be extensive, about the 'obvious
characteristics of the state capital district of
New York.

Gaines: Wits this before your appointment.
this conversation?

Fields: Yes. Actually it was April of l975. I
arrived the following July. It was obvious to
boili of us. and I don‘t suppose it needs to be
pointed out to anyone. that the most
conspicuous activity going on in Albany is
state government.

Gaines: Are you a hatchet man? Did you
ever feel as if someone War bringing you in

'lvl tit Mail In .ilﬂti .llll \llill dalil‘ 1U .lhlll

hereto do this. as it'“well. we can‘t have any of
our own people do this. so this person
will. . . " -

Fields: No. i never had that feeling. not at
all. Why should I leave the city of
Houston. which is haunting. in order to. '-
endure the personal pains of having to make
the decisions that I did make? No.

Gaines: Was t here an attraction in just being
a president? »

Flatt: l was ready to be a president. and I
had considered some others and declined
them. I must sayl was quite excitedaboutthls
vim "

.ztu i'lbfliiji"

 

