 

  
 

 ‘ Jun  i977

  

 

  
  
  
 
 

   

 

   
 

Y.
’yades. This no-nc‘nsen down to earth book is packed
with astounding new study techniques guaranteed to show
you how to obtaiifthe highest possible grades with
the least amount of effor . v .
Written at the urging of former students, this book
, will show you . . . ' . \_
how to know in advance at least 80% of the questions

on any exam ‘ ‘
how to eliminate the frustration of long hours of . '

wasted study , , _ . . ‘
how to conquer the subject that always gives you trouble
how to avoid the one grade rut _ .
how to cure exam nerves.

, Thousands of students have used these novel study tech-
niques to raise their. grades at least one letter within one
.semester., You can toot ‘

Let’s face it ~ academic success is determined by grades.
And grades are determined not so much by how smart you
are or how much you study . . . but by how smart you
study. if you're serious about your career you owe it to
yourself to try this book which] am offering on a money
back guarantee. I . - ‘

in today's tough job market 'you need every advantage.
And a record of high grades is the best advantage you
can have. _ .

. Give your earning power a boost. Write for this book
today..lthuidrhange your life.

 MAIL Tﬂll COUPON TO --'I———

  
 

I O’Leary: Man in the Hot Seat
- ‘\

  
  

page 3‘

 
     
   

  

Silver Balls and Golden Flippers page 3

   
 

  
  

. I ._
‘I Haven’t Been to a Bar in a lVlonth’ page 5

   
    
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  

   
    
 

That’s the way I’ve always hear it should be.
pages 6 and 7

 
  
  
    
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 

The Amplifier: Mixing Water and Electricity
page 9

   
  

    
 
 

" [ROBERT OMAN‘PU'BLICATIONS. 20¢ Fair Odtl Perk.
Nessie". MA 02192 I

   
 

   
  

| Human Rights of South American Indians
Plane said me____ copies of THE EASY WAY TO HIGHER GRADES 1

     
 
 

   
 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

   
   
    

   

 

   

 

  

 

    
 
 

1.7 .l 6 an dli .lll l ltl
:‘stlallesdmyge‘tzgi hmm'wﬁmnftazy". ior a'lslrgsm ..y | p age 
I. u... :
Add V" ‘  ‘
' w" ' Crossword page 12
City Zip
s Letters page 4
tum; Theatres Under One. Roof
>W UHM NSlON IN CINEMA lUXURY‘ ' I
' Mowe T1metable page 12
mm; Personals page 12
l2. 2:l5. 4:45.
730- “"0" Tower Tribune page 11

 

   

 

  
 

—
I Cﬂspectc-S

5mm: Rmmn

 

- usaavtsnu --
mmvwsurmvuovn
"I

 

 

 

elbow STUtkNT puss conponATiON

 

_ [Itlfll‘t/ ul‘ Iiirr'i‘lun
Sluphcn il/umnkii. Dunicl (inincs. Spent-c ltuggm

   
   

   

Managing lit/ilnr

Slamns ROY SCHEIDE“ Run/um Ml;i(Ml:l.§II-.lN

2, 4:5. 7:30. Ill

   
 
    

 

 

   
      
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  

"Wu/"pun" Mammy, ASIA-m n [Mlhlhllt‘d wrrki) dining llu: unnmn “will”! .u |i|L'
IANHIV Swmwu l'mu-mu in Albany i» the Mini") Hlmlclll I'vcu ('llrlmlnliun. n
" nnHur-pmlil urgunmillnn. I‘tlilillldl |ltli|L‘) ll Ill: reipuimlulll) oi

liv‘wwlilq. “II-m, the lunar. "lint-cl In rcm'u in lilt' Muillicnu Stall Aildmx unnl
mum“ DUNANKA In Ailmuy hiudvnl l'rm. l'(' in. Not) Wmmnulnn Ail-nun.

Allin"). Mu Yuri l2222.

   

( 'unlri/mlirm Iii/{mm
hum. (MINI-CH. Eim‘ ()xumw,

rll/l'l'l‘li.t'/III.’ Mmmm'r

   
 
 
 
  

   
 
  

Ll“ |lli'Nl)(l \
('ltl.\.\'(/Il'd/ I’rm'i 'n'
Am l’liilill'; Phatogra’phy
‘ _ _ Sm”
lilillll: lzsn-umx. l'u'i. KlilllJNiililt. C 0 V e r p h o t o b y S t 0 V8 it
Jim l..\IM\\'i:l‘ll£. i'lili. Mm

 

Kupferberg/ UPS. Page 3. 6 photos
by Mary .Ann Hcvak/UPS. Page 6
photo by Ricky Pearl. Page 7 photo
- by Bob Wong/UPS.

I

Pam. Rusm‘rnAL (i. I’Asl'M. ZACIlAlW.
CrNi‘IIIA HM'INu. l’A'r Mt‘GlXNN
I’mdurI/un
Vll'Ki Klilll'ZMAN. ANNE WHEN.
Locum Mums. Lame ElsuNsTaiN

   

 

 

   

 

 

   

 

  

 

 

  

 

 

JULY 7, 197?

by Phil Molter -

When President Emmett Fields announced his
intention to leave SUNYA and take over the
presidency at Vanderbilt University in Tennessee.
the question oi the direction of the university from
that point on was a‘subjeet rife with speculation
Fields' controversial leadership has left a virtual
hot seat in the presidential position. On August 1.
as acting president, Vincent O'Leary will occupy
that hot seat. ' ‘

Fresh frOm the School of Criminal Justice.
where he has served since 1908. O'Leary is still
getting acquainted with all the aspects of running
the university. “At this point, l'm gettinginvolved
in a lot of the pieces of the university. It is
complicated, and there are a lot of things going on
here." He is assuming leadership at a crucial point
in SUNYA's history. President Fields' lMission
Statement has outlined a hotly debated three year
course for the university. one that O‘Leary feels is
sound. “The general directions that the university
has been moving in over the last year I think are
sensible and important." he says. But. “There are a
number of specific things that we must get
cracking on." '

Although in the brief time since his appointment
he has had little time to go into much depth on any
specific problems. O'Leary mentions several
pressing matters. such as the proposed busing
takeover by CDTA. distribution requirements (“in
general I will support the need to develop an
effective. widespread distribution program on the
undergraduate level"). improving the advisement
process. and garnering support for graduate and
research work.

O'Leary also places major importance in the
relationship between the university and the
"external world." “I think that there is a coalition
that very much needs to be put together...as a
means of tellingthe external world what Albanyis
about and gaining support."

 



i will be acting but not
passive. This university
cannot sit still for a year.

 

  
    
 

One of the basic problems facing O'Leary will“
that he is. as Acting” President. serving in an

almost lame duck capacity. Recognising this
difficulty. O’Leary is determined to' ov'emomeEit.
“One of the worst things an Acting President can
do is to act like an acting president. lwillbeac‘ting
but not passive. This university cannot sit still for
a year." v

O'Leary said he will serve as President only
until the position is permanently filled by a Search
Committee. “Professors have the best life of all,

he' said as he spoke of his desire to return to the!

School of Criminal Justice. .

O'Leary was chairman of the Select Committee
on Academic Priorities in 1974-75 which
recommended to then-President Louis Beneaet
that 12 degree programs be suspended or
terminated. Many of these recommendations were
followed by Benezet. O'Leary was also a member
of last year's presidential Task Force on Academic
Priorities in which similar resource reductions
were recommended and followed. ‘

The Dean was recently appointed by Fields to
head a committee to organize a SUNYA
Government Research and Service Center as a
part of the proposed school public policy mission.

“I intend to build on our strengths and turn over
a strong university to the next president." said
O'Leary.

I will learn as much as I can of the problems and
needs that confront this university [in that tinge].
said O'Leary. “1 will listen to students. faculty.
staff and President Fields." ‘7.

O’Leary has been a professor at SUNYA's
nationally recognized School of Criminal Justice
since 1968. He has been dean there since 1976.

He has also served on numerous federal councils
dealing with various aspects of criminal justice
and is currently directing a project in advanced
statistical and analytical techniques.

Silver Balls And Golden Flippers

by Eddie Emerman
On Thursday. June 30. four SUNYA students

played close to six consecutive hours of pinball for

only 25 cents. And unofficially set a new world

record in the process.

Marc Mucatel. Drew Ehrlich. Jesse Ross and

   

George Burnett teamed up to bang out a total of
21.143.540 points on the Top Score machine in the
Campus Center Game Room. The old record.
according to the Guineas Book of World Records,
was 11,123,000 points in one game.

it wasn't an idea that any of the four had planned

Pinball Wizards Jesse Ross, George Burnett. Mare Mucatei snd‘Drew Ehrlich.

ahead of time. There had been no long practice
sessions. no elaborate training rituals. They
simply went to the Campus Center for afew games
of pinball. And that‘s how it all began.

Mucatel. a senior, slid his quarter into the Top
Score machine at two p.m. and began ringing bells
and chalking up points like it was going out of
style. earning up to nine extra balls at a time. He
kept this up for two hours and 2.4 million points
before he had to leave. handing the flippers over to
the remaining three to keep the game alive.

Ross. Ehrlich and Burnett. like Mucatel. could do
no wrong. It seemed that the ball just wouldn’t
quit. no matter who put their fingers to the
flippers. ,

However. as the game grew longer. they began to
tire and. as with any athlete. errors came more
frequently.

Finally. five hours and 40 minutes after the game
began. the silver bull slipped past the flippers and
never reappeared. it was over. but they had the
record. They had used the last of an estimated 300
free balls.

Suprisingiy. they weren‘t upset when the game
ended. "l was getting very tired and very hungry."
said Ehrlich. who has been playing pinball since
his sophmore your in high school. “Around 7:80 or
so. our mental attitudes and attention spans were
getting low and it was getting very hard to
continue." he added.

Mucatel. the man who started it all. was thrilled
with their accomplishment. "It was a great
experience but I have to give most of the credit to
Ross. Ehrlich and Burnett," he said. “i may have
started it all. but they did most at the‘work."

  

 

    

     
  

 
   
   
  
   
 
 
 
 
  
     
   
  
  
   
   
   

