       

 

 
  
     
   

     
   

  

 
 
 
 

  

 
 
 

  

 

I f guest Opinions

 "

   

academic freedom
attacked

To the Editor:

The reimposition of distribution
requirements threatens academic freedom.
according to an ASPcditorial. Students. it is
claimed. have a recognized right to avoid
subjects they regard its boring. irrelevant or
overly demanding. This right is called
academic freedom.

There is much to be said for the .AlSP‘s
conception of acadeiuic freedom: it is original.
It is consistent with the comnton sense
dcfinitiott of freedom as the absence of
restraint. And it asoids tlte elitist presumption
that some people fe.g. faculty) can rind should
determine what other people (eg. students)
sltall learn.

Academic freedom irt this sense is clearly

incompatible with liberal arts distribution
reqttirettients. End is also inconsistent with the
cotirsc arid distribution requirements that
departments irttpose upon their majors. 'l'he
.-lS/’ has tlttrs disposed ofa troublesome issue.
and siittttltaneously created a right that will
prote \altiable to those tvlio like to gite ltiglt
tttirtded justifications for self scrtirtg policies.

there’s more
to life

To the Editor:

fortunately. otrr c l‘.

 

Things Ain’t What
They Used to Be

by Susan h. Miller

i‘l’L‘hitlllitll year is filled with cotrlusiort.
learning. tears. e\perterrces. independence.
laughter. and friendship.

('oii/rrsiun. E\perrcrtces I could not
understand. I could only wonder. why ine‘.’

Ia-rirning.’ l-irtdirtg otrt so much about the
world | thotrgltt I knew learning abotrt a
person wlto l ant first begtrttirrtg to unders-
tartd. me.

rt'tII‘L' ('ryrrtg because people I cared about
littrt me. u itbotit i'ealt/irtg. (‘rytng because all
of my strength was taken from rite. and l was
alone.

Lipi'rit'ni-cv lleritg iii a situation. and
asking is this really nte'.‘ illcll l was glarl tl was
me

IlIt/t'I’l'Ilt/(‘Il((’. Realt/rng my lilc Is my owti
to do w ltat I want. w hen l waitt. with aiiyoitel
want at least until I ant home for the
summer

[ring/tier: | attgltiiig so hard it hurt.

friends/rip: Most ttiiportartt ol all. friends,
People w ho helped me tltroriglt thccoitlusiori.
learned as much about the world .trrd
therrrseltes as I did. cited because they were
ltttrl and [full strength was taken lioitt tlteiit,
c\pct tcnceil aitd asked questions. felt as
independent as l tltd. latrglied trrittl they cried.

Malcolm .l. Sherman
Mathematics Department

lltt-i'c‘s" more'no college than simply
attending classes. studying. aitd partytrtg.
, otters students the
opportunity to take part tit actitities other
than these. Students looking for soittethtng

would see me through the incurable tips and

do

met many people w lrortt | lclt \\ otild beltrctids

litt

had narrowed down the group ol friends to a
few I Ielt I knew these people tery well. and
sincerely believed these would be lasting
lriertdsltips.

hardly a thing we didn‘t do together" meals.
parties. weekends at other schools. arid

Slll

good tirtte that we oterlooked arty dillcrcnces
that may lrayc c\rstcd «\s time passed we saw
each other lll new situations. and the
drllcr'ertccs we had otetlooked became more
pronounced Some ot lllc problems were
solyed tlitotrglt lortg talks borne-tunes it was

bes

realich we were not trying to rcsol\c srrtall

dll

\altie judgements. and it was tlillicnlt toi usto
understand caclt other In spite of
attempts to c\pl.rrii otir \lt'\\\. we could itot

st'c

philosophies and beltcls that had been a part

friends. People ttlto made the freshman year ot
a year to be rerttcmbercd. always.

It is hard to bclrete that tltc people I wrote the
this poem lorarc now a part of my past. llelot'e tip

I came tti school. pcople who had already
experienced undergraduate lile told tire I
would learn tnore aborir rnyselfattd others. iii
the coming years. than I cottld ever imagine.
‘l'hey were right.

Like most incoming freshmen. I wondered
what my four years at SUNY would be like.
Part of my dream was to build friendships that

existed. diminished Like the ending of atry

relt

was paittltil. ('otrtitless talks. cards. arid

Ictl
Nit
cha
tryi

worthwhile and fulﬁlling. to which they can
contribute a part of themselves should be
made aware that there are a number of
humanitarian projects available. One ofthesc
projects is the Ko—Aclt (UJA) campaign on
campus.

The United Jewish Appeal has been raising
funds to meet the needs of the World‘s Jews
since I939. It was organiied in the United
Sttttes shortly after the infamous Krrlrtirl/
Nadir. when synagogues in Germany were
burned and thousands of Jetvs were beaten
and killed. Since then. the UJA has rescued
rind rehabilitated more than 3.000.000 victims
of war and persecution in many parts of the
world. The UJA funds are channelled to all
types of humanitarian causes. including
health. welfare. reliabilitatioti. education.
absorption ol immigrants. job training. and
ctiltttral services for .lews. llte UJA serves
thirty countries around the world. incltrding
Israel: It has played a large role iii the survival
of Israel.

The sttrdent cartipargn for the UJA is
directed til the Jewish students oit campus.
This includes all Jew s. w ltetltcr they are Jewish
religiously. culturally. or otherwise.

ltt Hebrew. Ko-.-\eh means strength. It
takes a great deal of strength for a Jewish
student to give part ol his or herself to help a
less forttrtrate Jew rrt sortie other part of tlte
world.

Aron New field

it we all
pitch in . . .

To the Editor: 9
lelethon '77 both .i rainbow and filled tlte
pot of goltl with (HCI'SJLlKlUuIl Marclt-iﬁgggh
It was a beauliltil twenty—lotir hour
culmination to a year lortg effort for the
children or the \\’i|dwood school.
lelctltoti is it student-run organi/ation.

 

However. there is always room for the faculty
and staff to become involved. As a residence
hall director, I have been fortunate enough to
know many ofthe students who have worked
so hard for Telethon. They have afforded me
the opportunity to bc recipient of cream pies,
sell door prize tickets. provide moral support.
and assist in any other way that would be
helpful. It is an extraordinary feeling to know
you helped in the success of Telethon. The joy
one experiences in,knowing their unselfish
efforts really matter is very satisfying.

I would strongly recommend that the
faculty and staffofthe University at Albany be
very proud of the efforts their students have
made for others in the community. I would
also like to suggest that its Telethon '78 begins

-its efforts in the next few months. you give
thought as to how you might share in this'
wonderful project. Show our students we care
by giving yoursupport; help Telethon. It takes
a strong student commitment. with the
knowledge that the total university is behind
them to make Telethon a success. it is really
beautiful. I‘m proud aitd grateful to have been
a part of it all.

Beth (i. Schnitmaii

we won’t
stand for it

To the Editor: ,

'l he satirical issue ol the ASP ineltrdcd
seyeral humorous articles. sortie bordering on
bad taste. ()ne abhorrent farce. “l'l/ Bring l/ll'
Urchin/lire". was signed by tltc (lay Alliance.

lltis was a cheap sltot at a group which has
been wronged lor too long. (lays are
bombarded with stereotyped '
countless directions. We do do
supposedly opcrt-nitridcd student newspaper
touring the rittrdslrngct's.

lleloi'e you stl_\ that I lack a sense oflttttnor.

  
 

  

let me mention that there w
nothing original or clever or ihcrirriclc It
simply a restatement til it tlt‘k. old M. w
joke about lisping. iltlt|l»\\t‘|\lcd Hygd'oi
anything for pink is nothing m“. "up
degrading. however. to it \l/t‘tlhlc pnp'ullni u
that is being subjected to such abuse flail,"
Where is the humor? y.
Thank you for your support of it“
unfounded myths that \llll keep lhrt'e uran
percent of the adult male populrition from
their right to equal housing. cttlplttymcmyand
freedom from fear of exposure and TL'Jt‘Cllon
We have the right to human tltgltlh l’otiliircl
taken a giant step buckwarih
\lrukl Ritchie
Secretary
(ray lllrtrnrt

“5 absolute

 

spokes
get stuck

To the Editor:
This is lit response to.i il'llL'l u'r‘tllt‘ \|.inn.‘ti

   

   

issue of tltc .‘lSl’ correct tllltt.‘ ,ronp sprint tar
tltc handicapped. (‘ontrait in Ir..-u smart
beliefs. a wheelchair bas‘r r‘m‘ : 'n. \l.n
sponsored by the Studenh t w traitor ii
of Programs for t he “Illltllt .t;‘;'.d r \ll’llrnttl
Delta Sigma Pi oit \laich .“  r In. wt.-
was for botlt llillltilsnl‘: _‘ r'ut urn.
handicapped students.

lltc coverage of the t‘\t'll| - .' rtl's...
adequate, Jayne rs rriul.: ‘ «rm;

impression that t.‘\clll\ [til it
rttttst be special arid unto-u
deserve more cote-ragt- in.
students clarrrr to be no tilllt'
students. arttl prclci lri lit r. v r .» _. . »

is to he Ltllll‘”   '.

 

~.

overagc ol the garric

Unfortunately. lctt hand a .l x: .r. H
are aware of all the lilt'lillly\ r
as members ol the lllll\tlsil, > .m lr \»

 

 

w its of college.-
By the end ol the lust rttoritlt ol school I had

.t long ttrttc llclor'e the semester ended. l

llrrotrglt the second semester there was

dying. We were so tri\oltcd wttlt hating a

t to .‘ttotd tltertt.
'\s the rrttrrtbct of long talks increased, 1
lercnccs Many ol the corttlrcts intohcd

otir
lltc othcr \Itlt‘ We were challenging

us since childhood

l he gap iti otit ideals gradually widened and
bridges we had constructed would trot ltiilil
any longer. lhc relationships that once

ittonslitp. the demise ol these friendships

eis. did not resolve ottr' diflcrctices.
body lttid the right to tell sortieorte else to
age. In essence tlrrtt was what we were
ng to do.

continued on page [J

 

  
  
 
    
    
    

   
  
  
 
  
    
  
  
 
  
  
 
    
        
 
  
  
 
  
      
 
        
  
 

   
  
     
 
 
     
    
  
 
 
  
  
    
        
      
  
    
    

 

 

   

 
   

,o-' ,I ‘(

     
      
    
   
 
 
  
  
         
  
 
   
  
    
 
 
     
   
   
   
   
  
  
      
   
   
 
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
 
  
    
  
 
   
    
  
 
   

 
 
 
 
 
 

Q

The recombinant  .A pi'ocoss as seen through the elect

« n. I.
ton

 

The ‘Ma attire of the);
Albany Student Press
Frlday” ' 
April 15, 1977

 
 
  
 

 
  

microscope, above,

and in the episode ‘Gene Engineers', on page 3a

Call it SUNYA green

see centerfold

 

SUNYA Tenure Process
page 2a

PlRGs vs. Pro-dam Corps
page 2a

The Moonie Debate
page 3a

WRGB Fan Club
page 5a

A Baroque Master
page 9a

The Product-19 Question
page 9a

Book Review
page lla

Classical Forum
page 11a

 

 

 

 

 

  
    
    
 

 

 

