 

 

ELL Disease  ‘ (7

~ ‘  september. I vowedto-s'pend the firstltwo weeks of
thesemester searching for a steady girlfriend. This
1 Way. I could spend al'most‘all of my time doing my two
; would (be left rd: studying. . . j

" ‘Since then." my Iil'eohas changed dramatically.

an outgoing vivacious studentinto a normal.-average‘

have adjusted q‘uitelwcll. r

‘As for my two favorite pastimes. eatingcontinues to
move higher and higher on my shitlist each time I
ingest such ‘afeteria delicacies as tuna caserole a la
mildue and lamb chops de grizzle. Getting laid. the way
a I see it. will have to wait until they invent a way fora

they hurry.

Ifl were a cockroach or an ant.- a problem like this
last one would not evenlconcern me. Anytime I had the
hots. I would simply give off my chemical sex
attractant and ltave all the females follow me along.
Ah. the life of a cockroach is a life of luxury.
Unfortunately though. the human typical-does not
have it so easy. Each Friday and Saturday night. he
'must ‘venture into the jungle of bars. discos and
concerts-to satisfy his animal-like desires. And despite
the'rcpcatcd failure that every typical experiences. he
.continttes to search for that one weekend 'of sexual
ecstacy. When I think about it all. lam prone to cry.
Cockroaches would probably laugh.

For weeks now. I have goncto the Rathskellar every
Saturday night to toss'my lines at the girls and each.
week; they throw them right back at me.

“Do you have an extra cigarette?“
"Buzz ofl?‘

“Haven‘t I seen you someplace before?"
' “Stick it in your nose."

The Classical Forum 

_ Man To. Beast

ln (ircck mythology. history. literature. and art.
kings attd heroes are often represented as being
de\ otcd to the hunt: this reflects. ol'coursc. the life style
ol the Greek aristocracy. In mythology some of the
best-known hunters are Hippolytus. Adonis.
Mclcager. and Actacon.

l he unhappy sotry of Actacon is told in great detail
by the Roman poet Ovid. who found itideally suited to
the purposes of his Metamorphoses. Actacon was a
grandson of Cadmus. the founder of Thebes. and was
fond of hunting on Mt. Cithaeron. There. one day, it
was his misfortune to come-upon the goddess Artemis
and her maidens bathing in a pool. He was innocent of
any evil intent: it was an accident. Artemis.
nevertheless. was incensed by having been seen naked
by a mortal man. She splashed some water on him and
cried: “Now you may tell how you saw me naked. ifyou
can tell!" At once Actacon began to be changed from a
man to a stag. Horns grew on his forehead. his ears
became pointed. his neck grew long, and his body was
covered with a spotted deerskin. He lost the power of
speech. His own hunting dogs set upon him. not
recognizing their master. and killed him. Thus Artemis
had her revenge.

Ovid tells the story without tnuch reﬂection on the
goddess‘ obvious injustice. Aetaeon‘s coming upon
Artemis other bathand Actacon's death are frequent
themes in art. both ancient and later. Titian painted
both scenes. Our illustration shows an Attic redfigured
bell krater on which we may see Actacon, already with
horns and pointed ears. being attacked by his own
dogs. Artemis. to the right. is looking on. The krater is
in the Museum of Pine Arts. Boston.

 

Wile!“ came‘to. Albany for the first time. way back ’

favorite things. eating and getting laid. Monday nights-

; Prbbably the biggesijolt was. my metamorphosis from ,

typical. However, like the ricwa formed butterfly. l-

person to do it himself and .for my sake. I truly hope

 

Buy an ASP
-Sh|rt

and show off to the world
what makes you special!

Ask for thhlo M. at cc 329. or 1-0802

 

\

 

 

PAGE 6A

Obviously. it does get’depressittg‘.Howevemherehave ’
been times- when these Same wretchedlines seem to "

wo‘rk like‘charms. The ‘fbuzz'offswand “stick it in'your _‘ ‘
noses” magically transform into “Of course I have it ‘

cigarette"and “I think we met yesterday in Chemislry”.
‘ Fora long time, this seemingly paradoxical behavior
bafﬂed me. I could not understand why the same line
would fail miserably 'on one girl and succeed! on
another. But then. quite suddenly, I came upon the

' answer. I - .
,It hit me one afternoon while I was in the middle of-

lunch with two girls from my dorm. As I was eating,
they nearly shoved my face into my salad just so they
could get a look at a so called “cute” guy. They then
mumbled something about what a hunk he was and
resumed eating. .

I don't'know why this particular incidentstayed with
me but after lunch. I knew there was something to it.
For hours. my mind could think of nothing else and

finally. I realized that what was so amazing about this .

scene was that Ithadjust witnessed a complete reversal
ofthe traditional male-female role. Girls were staringat
guys and in actuality. wanted to meet them.

While it may not seem important now. I cannot

begin to describe the impact that this one fact has made .
on my life. Once I accepted that girls wanted to pick up ._
guys as much'as the reverse. it 'was a whole newg

ballgame. ‘
I could no. longer walk into a bar and “check out the

crop.‘ for. in'the eyes ofthe girls. I was the crop. I could f '
no. longer throw one of my classic lines at a girl for I‘,

now realizedithat they knew everythingl was trying'to

.do.,.'I-for.the first timein-‘my life. I was totally

intimidated and there was nothing I could do to stop it}.
It has been close to six months since I came upon

miraculous discovery and despite my new insight into ' ‘
the minds of those elusive females. my life has I _

remained unchanged. In fact. I am probably worseoff

 

 

 

want it as much as I do and yet. I can‘t get to ItlL‘L‘l them.

Occasionally. I feel like forgetting all about
searching for girls. After all. ifthcy want mt both 1l\
much as I want their's (which I doubt is possible). “to
not let thctn go searching for me. The unit [llttltlt'lll I\
that a philosophy like this just doesn‘t “oil

No matter how discouraged a typical gets. ilt' must
always keep on s'arching. for the search ttwll. IN hall
the fun. liven if he gets rejected a thousand lllllt\. them
is always another bar and hopfully. anolltt-i ynl it's.
the life ofa typi 'al shall always bean llpllllltltllllldllll
if he keeps on searching he's hottnd to «you bio .nitl
learn a hell of a lot in the process.

 

 

LOS ANGELES (AP) Roy Rogers is no longer singing
“Happy Trails To You“ and Gene Autry has hung up
his six-gun. But both men are still riding high—one has
shot a new movie. the other is riding herd on a business
empire.

The two cowboy-heroes of films and television are
wealthy men today. Rogers is back making public
appearances and enjoying a revival as “King of the
Cowboys“. Autry is the owner ofthe California Angels
baseball team and trying to buy a pennant.

"l'vejust spent $5 million for some ballplayers.“ says
Autry. “If I can‘t tnakc it with them. I‘ll have to hock
my horse.“

Autry is 69. about 25 pounds overweight and doesn't
ride horses anymore. He runs a business empire of
several television and radio stations. a hotel. two
ranches and the Angels.

Rogers is 64. lean and lives an active life at his home
on the edge of the desert in Vietorville. He exercises
daily and loves to hunt. fish. race boats and ride his
motorcycle out there with the wind and the
jackrabbits. '

Both men have had long. successful marriages.
Autry married Ina Mae Spivey in I932. and Rogers

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

for I now realize that all those girls in the tight pants. v

ACIHGO" “‘99” N8 M9. courtoly of the Museum at Fine Arts, Boston, Mass.

Ex-Cowboys Cash It In

 

married Dale Evans 29 years ago.

Autry made 95 films since beginning in 19H In "Old
Santa Fe.“ He has sold 40 million records. (inc Willi
of those- were “Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reintleet "

“I was the first ofthe singing cowbtiY5~" h" "" ‘ "rm
not sure I was the best. but when you‘re lirxl II WW“
mattcr. Even ifevcrybodyelsc is better. no nm‘ N” “fr
he first again.“

Autry's film sidekick.‘ Pat Buttram. NI.“ “WNW”!
Autry touches makes money. He drilled tltl l\t'|l\ that
produced. bought his old movies for telet moo mun».
sold records. He was making$60(l.()()onW” i“ I‘m

Autry says he is through with films, “l‘nt htt- ..o old
ballplaycr whose [line has passed. You'u‘ Fl” "‘ "W"
on to something else."

Rogers is back in films. “Mm-kin/ox/i om/ / l" “l”
his ﬁrst film in 22 years and he sa)’s “""V PM”
aWearances and perhaps another film Inc In ll”
works. He and Dale Evans were grand tnarslmlml tho
year‘s Rose Parade.

The Roy Rogers-Dale Evans Museum at \'tetol\|“0
is filled with their memories. There is his lit‘sl putt til
boots and his horse Trigger~“the smartest huN‘ “1"”

 

 

ever |ived"~prescrved in a‘rearing position. J
. . __._—

' MARCH 11. 1977

 

 

" v A‘ LyJOAN ELLSWORTH

"Last Saturday, about'300 participants learned that
ChineseNew Year Night'means more than Chinese
food. The SUNYA Chinese Club presented their 12th
annual ChineseNew Years Celebration in Brubacher
Hall. with. dinner and an SA funded program of
cultural events including dancing. music. martial arts
and exhibits.

Chinese Club president Lorraine C hun said there are
about l00 members in the club.'some of whom are
front Taiwan and Hong Kong. The main purpose of
the evening. she said. was to “celebrate the Chinese
New Year. Tlte Chinese New Year is very important to
the Chinese people. It is‘a time of love and happiness. 3
time when they can start a new leaf if they had a bad
year before."

“We also wanted to sltare our culture with the
university and try to show different aspects of Chinese
culture“. Lorraine said.

Chinese New Year this’year celebrates the “Year of
the Snake". The Chinese traditionally designate each
year in their lunar. calendar with a symbolic animal.
During the celebration it was explained that snakes are
not considered to be evil animals by Chinese as they
sometimes are in Western culture. Rather. the snake
was described as symbolizing good will and
benevolence;

An exhibition hall was filled with Chinese
calligraphy/Earl. and games. A table at the exhibit
showed".(2hlinese calligraphy. a traditional form of
C-h'i'nese- ftz’an’d writing, using a long brush and black
paint. .leitny Lin. a Chinese student and calligrapher,
was busy translating names and phrases into Chinese
symbols. ffJoan". she said and picked up her brush.

is" a'vvery nice word in Chinese.“ Then she
'4 . ew a Chinese symbol for the Word with
, ion a strip ofcolored paper. The calligraphy
[mobbed with curious onlookers asking to
hav [it me [and phrases drawn.

Acr s the room. another Chinese student. Ahlim

'l'sai',t_rom"l:aiw_an. was trying to teach Chinese chess to

.';itn_'ihte:reStcd b‘ut puzzled obserVer. f‘Yoyprnovejlike

this“. Ahlim said. “No. you can't move there." When
asked about Chinese chess. Ahlim explained. “I‘ve
played chess at least ten years. Only to learn the

simplest rules takes at least one week . . . there are

toomany strategies."

Yttriouslart pieces were on loan from the Taiwan
consulate .il‘l‘ New York City. depicting Chinese art
throughout the centuries.

Chinese films on the Chinese New Year. Chinese
Opera. and Chinese Folk Art. from Taiwan were
shown. in an auditorium. Another film on Chinese
acrobatics. came from mainland China.

Dinner for about 300 people was later served in the
BrubaChcr Dining Hall. cafeteria-style. The Chinese
food. though. had come up by van from the Kao Walt
Restaurant in Chinatown. New York. Lorraine Chun
said, “Up here the Chinese restaurants can‘t always get
the ingredients to make the best Chinese food."

Chinese favorites such as sweet and sour pork.
chicken and chinese vegetables. shrimp and cashews.
beef 19 mein._roast pork fried rice and egg drop soup
were served. Pineapples. lichec (a Chinese huh) and
fortune cookies completed the repast.

Both chopsticks and plastic forks were available. but
Mike Hall. a SUNY student. ate with chopsticks.
“I always go to Chinese restaurants and eat with
chopsticksl‘. he explained. "The chopsticks do slow me
down though.“

Another SUNY student. Richard Schenkman.
wasn‘t very happy with his meal. “I‘m enjoying it but
I‘m disappointed with the small amount of food."

i

The hlt ot the Chlnese New Year was a vortoty show In whleh tho‘ portormoro wore
' elaborately doslgnod costumes. ‘

Lorraine Chttn later explained the problems with the
lood on Saturday. Although some people were able to
get seconds on certain dishes. some courses barely
tnade it to the end. She said this was “very upsetting.
The food should have covered 380 people. We tried
complaining to the restaurant."

The hit of the evening was a variety show that was
presented after dinner. Carl Chu. master of
ceremonies. introduced the opening act, the “Lion
Dance“. a traditional dance that welcomes the New
Year with prosperity and wards away evils. The lion
costume featured a tremendous. dragon-like head with
bulging eyes and a long, colored tail. Raymond Yu
raised and lowered the massive head to the beat of
drums and cymbals while Vincent Fung brought up the
tail section. When the “lion” was in movement it
resembled a writhing animal. The “lion” circled the
stage and went down into the audience. .

There was also graceful Chinese dancing

. choreographed by_.Diana Chiu. In the “Fan Dance".

Diana. Nancy Kuo. Chiu Ching-Huey. and Jenny Lin
appeared in long white gowns. They used graceful,
slow movements and softly fluttering fans to achieve
an overall picture of classic dignity. Diana said. “The
fan dance is a classic Chinese dance. In it you can show
the beauty of the girls. the costumes and the
movements."

Another selection. “The Young Cowherd and
Country Maiden Dance“. a folk dance. used two
dancers to play characters. “This dance originated with
agricultural society. the farmers and peasants. and
eventually spread throughout China.“ Diana said.

In the Mongolian selection. the Cltinese women
wore eye-catching red velvet and satin trimmed tunics
with beaded hats. They carried chopsticks which were
constantly clicking during the dance in time to the
music. “The Mongolian dance is an ethnic dance that
shows a different aspect of Chinese dance and Chinese
culture." added Diana.

In contrast to the gentle. lyrical movements of
Chinese dancittg. the program also presented a martial
arts exhibition with Kung l‘u. Karate and other
martial arts. In an interview before the show.
Raymond Yu. at SUNY student.cxplaincd one Chinese
Kung Fu technique while watching the performers
practice. “In certain forms of Kung Fu they represent
animals and imitate the way animals fight. For
instance. they imitate the tiger claw and eagle claw.“

Michael Chin. a 17 year old from New York City.
demonstrated some Kung Fu techniques such as bear
claw. Sta/k. andpraying mantis. According to Carl

'1 Bondy 'I'lon played the zIthor, a musical Iolk Instrument conllotlng of n "at sounding box
wlth many otrlngo over It and played by plucking tho IMO...

MARCH 11. 1977

ALBANY STUDENT mass

Chu. Kung Fu technique emphasizes economy of
movement and speed.‘ “Developing the inner part of
strength. miml strength. is also important.“ he said. r

The mind strung/h was exhibited in the show when
Michael Chin broke three one-inch pine boards with
his ltand. “You probably noticed that Michael didn‘t
raise his hand more than a few inches above the board
before coming down on it.“ Carl said later. He
explained that in some other forms of martial arts. the
hands are raised higher; before striking. “lt‘s shocking
to see a guy as' good'as Michaelat his age." Carl said.

Howard Straker. another participant in the action.
broke a one-inch pine board with his head.

The group also presented a skit that satirized a
prevalent conception of the martial arts as simply a
form of effective lighting. leaving out the philosophy
behind the arts. Other martial arts performers were
Vincent Fung. Tony Cheh. and Willie Olivicri. '

There was also Chinese music and musical
instruments. Sandy ’I‘i’en played the zither. a musical
folk instrument consisting of a flat sounding box with
many strings over it and played by plucking the strings.

Roh Ming Tai presented the nan-hoo. a string
instrument with a very long neck and short base.
Lancelot Wuu on violin and Grant Jennings at the
piano also performed a selection by Chinese composer
Sitson Ma. .

A fashion show completed the program with
elaborate costumes donated by the Taiwan consulate.
A Chinese “knight”. "empress" and "emperor"
modeled costumes of different Chinese dynasties. The
Club also gave away raflle prizes.

Reactions to the Chinese New Years Night were
generally favorable. Ann Dorsey. a ten year old
watching the show. liked the liott dance. “I had seen it
in pictures“. she said. “but this is the first time I ever
saw it live.“ ' '

Dr. Lin. an Albany resident and one-time resident of
Taiwan said. “I still remember everything inTaiwan so
tor the it is not very exciting. For the second generation
of American Chinese it is good though." He added. “I
am very happy a lot of Americans came."

Another observer of the show who has lived in
'I'aiwan attd wislted to remain anonymous said, “The
program was very enjoyable. However, the image
presented to Americans who don‘t know much of
China is that of a dead China, a society that has long
disappeared . . . I would like to see a Chinese night
where a more realistic picture of present day China is
presented.“

T his observer mentioned that in one film on the
Chinese New Year children were shown kalt'IOII’fllg or
bowing before their grandparents to pay their respects.
“Kowtowing before grandparents is never done
anymore . . . either in mainland China or Taiwan."
the observer said.

Lorraine Chun said the movie was a little unrealistic.
“I don't think children still kowtow to their parents yet
they still pay‘ respect to parents. The things we ‘
presented arestill a part ofChinese culture. the dances
are still performed and appreciated.“

She felt the Chinese club as a whole worked to create
a Chinese night and share with the community. She
said. “I think it was very successful. We've gottena lot“
of positive feedback from people and Chinese Clubri.
alumni who were there. They said this was the best

year." . V a. J

 eaomira j 

 

 

