 

   

 

 

  
  

 
  

 

 

 

 

 

  vel~nr5oblems
  Squire Motel 

‘Aaaaaargh, Missed
the van again.’

WWW/w;er

 

 

 

women’s health:
we provide~

To the Editor:

As Director of the Student Health Service I
feel compelled to respond to several
inaccuracies in the writeup on Womens‘
Health Services on page 3 of the Sept. 9 ASP
as well as the editorial. First of all. in addition
to treating over 95 percent of health problems
in women including those of a gynecologic
nature. the Student Health Service does
indeed provide pregnancy counseling. As a
matter of fact we had over 3|6 such cases
where counseling was provided last year either
because pregnancy was present or because it
was suspected. Such counseling is very time
consuming but an important aspect of student
health work in these times.

Further. students of any age needing
treatment for ‘an injury or illness can indeed be
examined and treated at the Student Health
Service. The statement 1 made in a telephone
interview was that up to now the
Contraception Clinic has not been handling
students under Ill but that they were carefully
referred to other sources for help by the
Contraception Clinic staff. A recent easing of
the law may not make it possible to provide
contraception for students of any age.
Binghamton et al. not withstanding. we have
always considered it prudent to operate within
the law.

It is also an egregious error to say that there
are no gynecologists on the staff of the
Contraception Clinic. The whole point of
having the Obstetrics-Gynecology
Department of the Albany Medical College

instrumental in running the clinic is to have

qualified gynecologists available for this
service. As Director of the Student Health
Service I would not be responsible for a
Contraception Clinic where the medical work
was not performed by a gynecologist.
Volunteers are used. furthermore. where
appropriate. An evaluation questionnaire has
been an effective instrument in providing
patient—input and has provided positive
feedback and a few good suggestions which
were implemented.

0n the other hand it is necessary to point
out. as l have repeatedly done in the past.that
one does not have to be a gynecology specialist

to ' deal with the common gynecologic
problems that we see in our women students
and which we take care of every day right here
with our own staff. ’ several of whom are
women physicians-4n case this is the
student's preference. .

Perhaps a few ﬁgures from the 1976-1977
Annual Report might serve to show what We
are doing for women on campus. In addition
to the 3l6casesreferred to above. we also took
care of more than 2.885 other gynecologic
problems. This constitutes a considerable part
of our workload. Please remember the
Student Health Service suffered severe cuts in
staff starting in I975. We would welcome
more physician assistance.

Finally I have to say that lsee no dearth of
“awareness of peoples bodies" on this Campus
and l think ii'thcre is to bca Human Sexualin
Clinic for both men and women its emphasis
should be directed toward obtainingaccuratc
and factual medical information along with
ﬁnding out exactly what we do provide In tht‘
way of health services on campus now.

J. Hood. Ml).
Director. Student Health Service

we need more

To the Editor:

Health services. especially for women. .m-
disgraceful on this campus: expensive.
embarrassing and inadequate. It is time liitll
students begin to think of quality. low-ch
health care as a right and not a privilege.

Presently. Student Association. Si \i
(Student Unionization Movement) and
Feminist Alliance have all commuted
themselves to working for a comprehenmc
human sexuality/contraception clinic on
campus. But. in order to develop a proposal
for services which will meet the needs til .11]
students. we need to identify the individual
concerns of as many of us as possible. liorthts
reason. I urge all students to fill out li'IL'
Human Sexuality questionnaire thal “as
printed in the ASP(Friday. Sept. 9), (“opus
are now available in the SA Office (Cf-Hm.
as well as in selected classes. All inlormatmn IN
completely anonymous. but a stimulant oi tln-
ﬁndings will be publicized in the next it'\\
weeks.

Additionaly. I would like to Silt)“ th.tt

          
 
   

 
       
    
      
     
  
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
     
  
    
  
   
   
      
    
   
     
  
  

s

‘1‘";7' “

an H] (.l 'Jillll‘.) '4'
v t.

N»? ..» 21.3“!

“W a“ v w-i‘mrymgn

 

 

 

 

 

I LIV6 iU§|l76 A GHELL

~. m m mm, nu

THAT l6 UNVEE THE 5€A

3:»

 

w

 

 

0106 “m...

 

FEIFFER

 

 

 

 

THATIS (USIVE A MLL

WHERE I M 5.4%

W

 

THAT 16 NSIPE A FORT

THAT [6 lUSlDé A TOWEL

IF V00 RE My 0
(/0019 Fl 0 Hem/E H5

 

 

 

 

 

  

   
      
 

Pigeon Intelligentsia
Bites The Dust

SUNYA’s Flock GoesThe Way
Of The Chemistry PhD

        
        

 

