  
 
  
  
  
   
  
    
 

  
  
 

  

 

'l
i
a
I

 

- story in which ‘a country lawyer.

The murical adaptation were
ed at‘a news conference Thurid

by 
. Harry Hamilton. president of then

Albany NAACP chapter. tie-“filled
with negative stereotypes of black '
people.“ i '

The musical is based on at Twin

nicknamed Pudd‘nhcad Wilson. 4
uses ﬁngerprinting to clear all im-«
migrant accused of murder. ‘

’ Wilson determines thorough
ﬁngerprinting that a baby born to a
mulatto slave was switched with the
master‘s newborn son and the the
slave raised as their heir is actually a
killer.

Performances were scheduled on
Friday. Saturday and Sunday bythe
Empire State Youth Theatre In-
stitute. which is supported by the
State University system.

“Whether pickets show up or not I
can‘t tell you." Hamilton said when
asked about reports of planned
pieketing. “Our presence will an—
doubtedly be felt.“ he said. but
declined to elaborate.

Hamilton read a statement saying
a slave is portrayed its a gambler.
thief. coward and liar. who sold his
mother into slavery. He said other
black leaders also are critical of the
play.

Legal Services

t'lullillllt'l/ﬂ‘ulll page one

  

part ol the ﬁrm in the past. "We've
btlilt up a strong relationship with
SA and we're proud of that." she
said.

Hol/bcrg attribtlted Roseublum
and Let‘eutllal‘s surge at the end of
the re\ie\\‘ to tile fact that law firm
Itad perhaps not accurately gauged
the task force position until two
weeks ago.

"Rosenblutn atld Levellthal as a
law ﬁrm now reali/ed that SA was
deeply committed to legal services."
Hill/berg said. “Any individual
lawyer or ﬁrm is expendable. The
program comes ﬁrst. not the law
lirm.“

Fcldman said that aside from
offering the best economic package.
Rosenbluul and Leventhal will add
stability to the progranl. "It will give
us a solid base."

Task force member l)iane I’iche
said that at present. the legal services
will be "second only to Buffalo" in
SUNY. She added that more money
would benelit the program.

Feldman said that if the program
succeeds in this pilot year. askingfor
more money was “deﬁnitely a
possibility“ in the spring.

According to Feldman. the task

« force has recommended that a cons—
tant on going review of the program
' be held. I

“This ﬁves as built in ﬂexibility.“
he said. “Any student who use: any
part of the services will ﬁll out a con-
ﬁdential evaluation form." Feldrnan
said that the ﬁrst review of the
program is scheduled to be taken in
four months.

It Central Council accept: the
plan. Feldrnan raid that the new
legal ritrvieee program would gotnto
effect immediately.

 

 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  

  
   
  

  
 
    
 

 
    
 
 
 
    

  
 
  
  
 
  
 

with this coupon
Take Out or Dine In
Not good on specials.
Corpon Barbee Noverrlber 15, i977.

Albany I
112 Wolf Rd.
Palace Theatre 4587300 |

 SO. 6“ OOWG 75
  ..  ServingtillAMWeekdays.2AMFrl.88at. I
' ' -------------

. ,.- l
l M n I.‘rr~ Mt

 

 

 

challenge.

Construct the mystery word tn the bone bo- ootumneron tranator the mining letters to
low. to do thin you must ml in the correct mlu- the corresponding numbered bom. Keep
lng letter in each of the worda listed In the an oraaor handy—It‘s not an easy an it lookll

 

 

 

 

 

 we hope you have some fun with the challenge.
Pabst Blue Ribbon is the Number 1 beer in Milwaukee.
beer capital of the world.

That's why we'd like to otter you another challenge

—-tbo Pabst challengoJuto and compare Pabst Blue
Ribbon to any other premium beer. You‘ll like Pabst
because Blue Ribbon quality means the best-tasting beer
you can get. Since 1844 it always has.

PABSISktcoMThoqu'atlty

MOST “EWING comm. Mllwaubo. Wit. Peoria ltolghta,

 

’2

has always contoh.

III“ Milk. N.J.. Lon Model. CIIII.. Plblt. 000ml!

 

 

 

 

 

 

' “HIGH FLYER ~  

If the US. Customs Service is tell-
ing the truth. there may soon be
much more Mexican pol making its
way into the United States.

  
 

Customs officials in Washington putting on a Roﬂéld McDonald
report they are drastically reducing Clown costume again He 3'30 has
the number of airplanes that ﬂy been ordered never to stateorimply
along the Texas-Mexican bum, publicly that “Ronald McDonald is

watching for smugglers. ,
The service says that “for budget

gay or a homosexual." r

The unusual legal decision was

reasons“ the number of planes in handed down by Florida Ciﬂ-‘Uit
that region is beingreduced from its Court JUdBe RON“ Miller after
present level of 24 down to a mere Brandon "came Ollt 0f the closet"

three. The government saysthisis all I

ast spring to announce that he was

part of acost cfficiencydrive.adding gay. Brandon. H former Ronald Mc-
il hopes that radar along the border Donald actor. stated that he Wanted
may dojust as well in helping nab to make the statement to

pot trafﬁckers as did the planes.

demonstrate that he. like millions of

other gay people. commonly interact

PLAY IT AGAIN
,;Have you ever wondered how a ‘
movie theater projectionist can take

with children without “pervertng

heir morals."
The McDonald's corporation was

it. sitting inside a booth. watching not pleased with Brandon's confes-
the same film over and over again? 5'0". COFPOTHtC lawyers Persuaded

Well, sometimes they can't. Take Judge Miller to issue the injunction
the case of u projectionist in Hen. against Brandon. McDonald's com-
don. England, last week. who plained that Brandon‘s statements
suddenly slttlt down the projector in might Cause the general public to get

the middle ofthc James Bond movie, 1

he idea that their ﬁctional clown

“The Spy Who Loved Me.“ Hcthen mascot is gay.

n walked belligerently onto the stage.

“My name is Lawman. Eddie
lawman.“hc told the packed house.
“I‘ve had enough. I‘m going home."

COLD CASH
Detectives in Long Island say they
have located over S l 7.000 irl $50 bills

~1-hcuudicncc h6g1". yelling 3. Ed- that had been buried in a conttlincr
die and Lawman yelled back. This 0f "07-0" “millim-

wcnt on until. in the words of one of

Police report they went to tile

lawman‘s co-workers. "Eddie t'inal- hnmc 9f Ridmfd Lyndh lhc
1y decided .0 gel on .hc stage when brother—ln-Iaw of two men arrested

someone in the sudience threatened
to wrap the ﬁlm around his neck."

Eventually. another projectionist
was pressed into the service. The
end.

last month for allegedly stealing
money from an old warehouse
trunk. After turning the house and
lawn upside down searching for the
money. one of the detectives

wandered into the garage. opened a

MORAL MCDONALD

freezer and found a pot of green

The McDonald‘s corporation has lasagna.

successfully murzled an actor who

In this case. however. the lasagna

once played the part of the com- was not of the spinach variety. The
pany‘s mascot. Ronald McDonald. frozen dish contained four brown
Bob Brandon has been enjoined envelopes. among layers of pasta.

b r at Daytona Beach court from ever meat and cheese. each containing 80

 

    

_.
._ ,
:l
:I
2

be any the money was part
of about $5 million in cash that was
stolen from the old warehouse trunk.
The detectives said they had no idea

 

’ how longthe ricotta-ﬂavored money

had been in the freezer.

TOURIST TRAP
Richard Nixon‘s home. the former
western White i House in San
Clemente. may soon become a major

tourist «attraction in' Southern‘
, California. ’

Nixon has reportedly agreed to
allow tourists to take a bus tour. at
$2.50 a shot. of his 3L4 million 22-
11ch estate.

The'tour idea was inspired by the
upto 500camcra-totingtourists who
ﬂock tothc La Casa Paciﬁca Estate
each day. waiting at the gate for a
glimpse of the ground or even ofthc
former president.

Incidentally. Nixon will not get a
cut of the tourist trade at his home.
Pat and he have reportedly allowed
the San Clemente Chamber of Com-
mercc to conduct the tours in efforts
to raise money for San Clenlcnte‘s
50th birthday celebration.

ON TARGET

Yippie pic thrower Aron Kay has
struck again: Kay‘s latest victiln was
none other than William Colby. tllc
former llead ol' the CIA.

Kay llnd three other members ol~
the Yippics surprised Colby during
an appearance at the New School in.
New York Columbus Day. The

former intelligence chief was .
. .
splattered not only With a chocolate ff

bavarian pie. but also with a

blueberry cream-cheese pie and.

several eggs as well.
Kay explained later that he had
selected the chocolate bavariall pie

 

 

n t on wraalutrtlvlltthtlk -_

 

 

 

 

wail .li’ili‘htc't'iltzhn L lNEWHGBHdBH :uo- Amity.
703-0480
pAGE 31x ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

OCTOBER 21. 1977

OCTOBER 21, 1977

   

 

    

 

v because Bavaria. e says. represents

  
   

 

 V ‘C rado'Cong'reu a
' Wirtli.'aft'er the accident f A _
public, charged that a ninja h
hazard would have been credit
the spill had occurred Within a'
ulated area. '

an area of Germany where the Nazis
were active40yearsago. He saidthat
Colby's involvement with “Opera-
tion Phoenix“ during the Vietnam
War amounted to a war crime. ' '
Among Kay‘s other pied victims LET "I SHINE
are Watergate burglars G. Gordon Three 39mm" “den” Coven“
Liddy and E_ Howard Hum. New ment studies have reportedly con-
york Mayo]: Abe seamen“ colum_ cluded that solar electricity can be
him-William F_ Buckley fully competitive in many parts of
- the United States with conventional
' NO ANGEL’S FOOD power sources within the next eight
Federal ofﬁcials have conﬁrmed Years. bl“ only if the governmem
reports that a truck carrying more would give the solarindustry an in-
than 40.000 pounds of radioactive itiul boost. .
material overturnedinahigitway ac- Rolling Stone magazine reports
cident nearly two weeks ago, spitting that the three studies. one of which is
at_ least l5.000 pounds of “yellow- yet to be released. predict that the
Cake" onto it Colorado highway. cost of solar power could be reduced
The Nuclear Regulatory Commis- by its mUCh its 95 Percent by I935.
sion says that the accident occurred making it IUII)’ competilil’e With
in the early morning hours or coal. oil and nuclear power.
September 27. It isthelnrgest spill of Accordingto writer Joe Klein. one
yellowcake chr recorded in the Un- of the studies suggests that the
ited States. department of defense. by investing
Yellowcake. also known its $500 million in SOIHI‘ energy
“uranium oxide.“ is a low-level technology. would automatically
radioactive powder used in the stimulate the mass production of
processing of nuelcarfucls. The spill solar cells. causing a dramatic drop
occurred when a truck loaded with t" 50h" Vncrg)’ Prices.

 EXCLUSIVE
“7" SHOWINGt
FRI. a. SAT. AT
. 1:10 a. 10:00

DIANE KEATON

 

 

Aloogtimeegohegelexyfarfaroway...

“The Year‘s lest Movie

‘Slor Watt‘ Ital motlth lun buck

r t motto ‘em III. IItIV «I'd IO
| A grand and glorious tam “

7:00. 9:30

YOU HAVE SEEN GREAT ADVENTURES.
._V0|l IIIE ABOUT ro [WE ONE.

on.-». .

   
  

More than a mavua. An adventure youll never forget

 ﬂ ‘\

     
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

.r mica
, them an
. 00H“ WWI _ _ J .

Vglls eve“ pl8~ SIDE~ F“NW-
°Flinnmg§mnonve°.I Saar—0   6:30
0 W06 5 “has when . "mummy \8:25

dwotkdeuuihavebee ‘ 'T m" 1015

at 300‘ (S - "x I z

5 inat‘tlts i9“ yea "CINDV VlLIJARI. rv'a s.

lune Namath outnuvpr-uvnneltnn [11]

~ '.'.'.':.i'“.':.:".':::.'.‘.".“

. H AF e runnmvu in k

' H m:- m. Pit rm! \'

' I i it | I '

‘L'qub :Illr‘ I I I g
' ' II {It i t H ’

6:30. 3:50, 11:00 "‘0'

d
a v -
CKII-IECLI I ‘ I
I‘Ioducea by Allmv Gallium and Karl Illchamsml Io: Kallbny Product/0H: ~ - ~
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE SEVEN

r»... .. .

 
 
    
  
     
  
    
    
   
   
 

 

 

