 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

University's Construction“ Fund and

‘ I ;. the‘Dit'isioniof‘ Budget.

’ p‘o Mt ldon't know when
I be available." said Welch.
itch passing week. it is
" yit [the Mohawk conversion]
will beSeptember.”

"the renovation of the Draper

campus is part of'ii plan to provide

   

Money for the Construction Fund

depends on the state‘s ability to ﬂoat . ‘

,‘ ii bond issue.’SUNYAriit competing
 with other state schools for the

limited funds.,Welch said.

‘ Currently the Draper campus is

being used by it number of university

and non-university- programs. They .
include the College of General
Studies. Empire State College. the
university Print Shop. u branch of
the School, of Social Welfare.
Sponsored Funds. and the Capital

The proposed renovation ot the downtown Draper Cent '
epece whichwlli delay the remodeling oi tndan Quad

pue Ie attll untunded,cauelng a lhortage or
e Mohawk Tower tor student housing.

    

ups/5m: suntan

 

by Bill Hartman\ _

' The remainder of the H EW award
to the School is inthe form' of a
S2I.000 grant to conduct an institute
on Library Service to the Adult
Handicapped. The institute will
bring together librarians from
twenty states and the District of
Columbia for the purpose of helping
to ease the plight of the
handicapped. said Administrative
Assistant for the Institute Marjorie
Benedict.

The Institute to be held October
9to l4 both onthecampus and atthe
Tom Sawyer Motor Inn will he “the
lirst of its‘ kind anywhere in the
country.“ said Benedict.

 
 

Library" Rceives  ~

', The School of Library “3;;

Information Science at SUNYA has
been granted awards worth 552.000
by HEW to be used for two library
education and training programs.
One program. which received a
531.000 grant, creates fellowships
for five economically deprived
students. Acting Dean ofthe School
of Library and Information Science
Robert S. Burgess said that students
have already been‘chosen to receive
the t‘elloWships. Burgess said this was
done through the tinancial aid
process which is involved in
University admission procedure.
According to Burgess. the

students are enrolled in a one year
program. two semesters plus a
'summer session. which leads to a
Master‘s Degree in Library and
Information Science.

“Each of the students will receive
$3000 in fellowship money as well as-
atuition waiver." he said. According
to Burgess. SIOOO is available for aid
to dependents of those in the
program.

The remaining Sl5.000 will be
used for development ot'the School
and for equipment and supplies
expense. said Burgess. who noted
that this conformed with regulations
laid down by HEW.

Library School Dean Robert‘Burgeee said the 852.000 his school

  
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
   
  

WWW

received in HEW grant moneywttl be ueedtortlve graduate student

gilt:§:y1:):;:::;r:slyhilot::::ﬁolf3: o_ol Development       IOIIOWIIIIPI and I seminar on Ilbrlry service tor the hendcepped.
lfdiication is scheduled to move onto . According to Plant Manager I      A   L  
e

the downtown campus when the
renovation is completed. and space
will be provided on the uptown
podium for the remaining schools
that currently occupy the top floors
of Mohawk Tower.

I" After an estimated one million

"dollar appropriation originally

authorized in New York State's
executive budget was not passed by
the statclcgislatureinJune.SUNYA
ofﬁcials have been 'trying to get
money for Draperthrough the State

Prank Kopl'. the Draper campus
could not function under the strain
ol tnorc extensive use the addition of
the School ' of Education would
cause.

“ lo put it simple." said Kopf. “all
the mechanical systems are
outmoded. 'l‘hc plumbing. electrical.
ventilating. and heating systems
have to be replaced.“

Director of Housing .lohtt Welty
said approximately 282 students will
be ahlcto move into Mohawk Tower
once the upper floors are vacated.

 

 

 

 

an intellectually exquisite

I
 —Peuelope Gilttat How your." Marianna

by Jeff W. Rotten

There has been a reduced amount
of water pressure on campus since
Saturday. according to SUNYA
Plant Manager. Frank Kopf.

Normally the water is supplied by
the State Ofﬁce Campus but they are
having mechanical difficulties with
the controls on their storage tanks

r

and ﬂanges. The result hits been rust
colored water and malfunctioning
toilets. said Kopf.

Kopl' said that the University has
been using the water from its own
water tower to augment the supply
fromthc State Campus. The result of
the decrease in water pressure has
made it necessary for some

maintenance staff to work overtime
during the weekend. Students lime
been asked to cut down on their use
of water temporarily until the
problem can be corrected. said Kopt
According, to Kopf. this is not lilL'
first time such an incident ilil\
occurred. Kopf said the problem
should be resolved by today.

 

    

A year ago, this bulldozer plowed the Colonial Quad parking lot,

prompting a demonstration where 11 students were arrested.
Year- Long Scandinavian
Study Program Offer ed

Scandinavian Seminaris now
acccptingapplications foritsnon-
credit study abroad progritinin
Denmark. Norway. Finland. or
Sweden forthc 1978-79 academic

continuing adult education) or some
other specialized institution.

The focus ()fthc scminaris an
litdcpendciti Study Project inthc
student's own field of interest.

$3800 Fee

 

by Lyell Bakst

One year ago last week eleven
residents ol'Colonial Quad were
arrested on charges ofdisorderly
conduct and civil disobedienccfot
refusing to tnovc front the
construction sitcofwhat is ttowtltc
Colonial Quad pay parking lot.

Over thirty students were
protestingthc Iot‘s construction.
which they said was undertaken
without sufficient student input. The
students also voiced other concerns.
amongthcm that lightingalotigtlie
already existing Coloniallot be
improved.

Recalling last year's arrests.
Kelvin Dowd.a memberot‘what
came to be known as the “Colonial
Eleven." said “t he protest was
peaceful and. overall. worthwhile.“

Another student arrested. Bruce
I’laxcn. said. "I would do it all over
again. rcmetn hering how the
administration was forced to hear

to consider their demands.

1' he a rrcsts were eventually
orderrcd to avoid iiicurringa
financial penalty frotrt the
contractors. who had been unable to
start construction ditring the day.

Following the arrests and
sentencing. Htirtigttn again met with
student leaders and fulfilled their
demandsforincrcasedlighting aloitg

the old Colonial parking lot.

All eleven students'wcrc given
tidjournments in contemplatiott of
dismissal.

Accordingto Lloyd Hebert ol'thc
Public Safety Department. 1 lterc is
now a waitinglisi for people who
want to purchase pcrmitsforthc
Colonial lot. The lot is being used to
full capacity. he said.

Advisement Procedures
Focus on Groups

by ('orinne Bernstein

University College has stopped
advising students art art individual
basis and is handling :tdvtscmcnt
questions through a general
information desk. according to
University College counselor Martin
Hcrlands.

University (‘ollcgc provides
academic advisement for

    
 
   
     
     
     

 
 

( 'Iosct/ M on.

Lilli l.|I‘lIII".RMAN
OWNER ’

The sessions are designed tti
turnish undergraduates with
undeclared majors wiilt lltltil'ltlltlitill
oii available majors. he said. “Our
specilic goal is to give students
another type of opportunity to get
more tnloriniitttrn so that they can
tttake better choices. We want to
prmidc inlortntiiion to students Ill
ditlci'ciit \uiys.stitlttii they can initkc

’ ‘ year. I I” g . t . I. . H I
  Aninitizil 3wceks language course ’I lie fee. covering tuition. room. the students" demands." ll "dc l'lél‘ild PM“ “’1‘” hr” Ln“ “~‘ "III": “IIIEIIIWHI “WILD -"
i  will be followed by a family slay hon rd. 0 nc-wtty gro up ’l'ltearrcsts were preceded bytlirce dCCiilI‘Cd H mitJUr.’ ' tubal-MC. Ilt'll-Illtlh \tllll.
 'y whenever possible to orient the trarisporizttionfrom Nchork and days ol'slttdent occupation oftltc A Program dCSIB'Wd Inf ‘ (“‘"II‘ “‘h'W'W'” "' “‘“dcm‘
} ; student to Scandinavian language all C(ttti'sc-conncctcd inivclsin site. University Collcgcstiidcnts entitled began last sutrirnei. when [inner-sit)
i i A  m“ and Gus-[0mg scumiumnm “Ki-mm Alimin ["hisﬁrs‘wcckinthmomcc‘ Vicc “MajorVicws."involvittgttscrteSUI (tillcgc started advising lilltlllps oi
g  ‘ l-or i he major part ofthc year number of sch ola rsliips it re President of Business and Finance Picﬁt‘lllill'ms“YUWI‘UI “WSCIW‘II‘S 'I‘UI‘III'HE blII‘IU'III‘ ill "lL/{Vll'l‘lllkl
 students will livcand study among mailnhlc. l‘orl'ttrthcrinformtition .l ohn Hartigaii had met with strident Wllhln SUNYA. Will he hild hytl1|c lI’liinuiliii It (Illitlltlltzmll hst’l‘tllltlllt
I“ " ‘ ‘ a . - - - -  ,.. ' .. . . .. ' ‘ --  ' ‘t i rl\‘l'.|) ii "‘ cc
  0“ on  8'3 Madison AVL‘. Scri n d a n :tvtti its at it "People 5 contactScandanavianSeminar. |00 icltdclhhtWLI‘tII tiiitcs. llchadttlso. Um‘d-Nll)I flt’llb'tlt-HO'U I'lmllgl “Lamina " L ‘~ W
H   adv Bet. Ontario & Quttil ('ollcgc" (residential school for Iftist 8511151.. New York. NY. “W23 PrlOFIOIhUiITW-‘IS‘“greed"“Vr'lmg Nnv'l l‘ U mu 5 MIL  “Id HHHNH (“NWk
' 'i ' i z a ' g -"
Offer good TUCS' l‘hUI'h' Open' l'ucs- Fri l0-9 ‘ - - - - - I "'I- '" ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' " “£E““EE§‘EEE‘E‘E£%E  sct'iiccs \tillhciiindc llltll‘L'lltiL'L'\\lhit.‘
. . . I. . .t --:~- -~ » lithe
h'it 10-6 ‘ to uttdugtntlunlt \llltitllls \\ll
- 0a. 4.6. ‘   l institution of tlie irtlornitrtitin desk
1/ 465-3903 . upon   illlti the restriction nl tiiditidiinl
 Attention acu . . , 
i  XC‘t'ng Theatres Under one ROOI 0t  N  ID. " l Ins ought to pl'tthiL‘ lot better
I' r“ / A New DIMENSION 'N CINEMA LUXURY use of our tune and students‘ttinc.
i “ Upon “lat” Wort, Fri. "c “it'd-
 ACTED." S . ll). 53() “We are tntcrcsicd Ill ptttiiiling
(II .
Thurs: It) - 7 rcndy iicccss to anyone \\lIil

lllilil‘lllillltlll nccds. as \iell as an)
student who needs to \II don rt \tiili a
member til our prolcsstoniil stall."

(iruy said,

(iriiy added that
College will hold
sessions explaining
registration proceditrcs bclorc pre-
icglstt'iition lor next semester begins.

lituugltl Factory
P 0 8015515

Shetntaii Oaks.
Calilurnta 91413

gt ntfi'liii'i 1“:..,v;.r.v-ovew

—685 Y‘.’

 
      
 

 
    
    
  

 
 

I'nitctsilt
iitl tll'llllllltlll
gc "Ct at

Yarns 0 Needlepoint 0 Crewel
Beads 0 Buttons 0 Stamped Linens
Trimmings 0 Embroidery 0 Sewing Notions

(til Central Ave. 436-3758

3 tit/‘i‘iii‘iii’tNt

LA

 

  
  

Starts WedJ

    
    
   
    
   
    
 

SI’ARUAMUS l,LJ(‘IiM
VIR'I'U'I'IS E'l‘ SAI’IEN'I'lAE '

... .

 

 

 

 

 

 

I w i Horseback
RWIN WNKLER Prwumo" A KEN RUSSELL Film S l G N U M  D l S 5 corner at Robin St. and Central Ave. '
  I ' ‘Iz'vi'ri' 'I‘ucsclu "1"Nl'g/‘ll b92152}: 7:23!“
LESLIE CARON ' MICHELLE PHILLIPS andCAROL KANE is but ng rcv1vcd and would li kc  lennizsfel [0830's 35 h
: per our

  
      
 

Associate Producer HARRY BENN -Writtcn by KEN RUSSELL and MARBIK MARTIN i0 com pli 3 it ilSi 0i pilSi incm bers-

|)t_rcgcdhy_K_EN RUSSEle tirttruioiﬂgwiu winKLER mt ROBERI‘CHAR’l‘UH
“EMLE‘E‘JEELL 2': BEES] ummd Mists

THIS WEEK AT A THEATRE NEAR YOU

 

Jack Daniels - .50

(all bourbons included)

Bud & Labatts Splits - $.25
9 pm- 12

Longvue Stables
Altamont Area

872-1664
L

    

{my It you were once a member,please
drop us a note care of Lampus

Center |30

      
   
 

 

 

 

 

 

5 CINE1-2-3-4-5-6

' ’it UNI!

NI)MIH*AV Mitt.

 

 

 

       
  

 

 

 

’_.—

OCTOBER 4, 1977 PAGE FIVE

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS OCTOBER 4 1977

   

 

