 

 

 

   

 
  

  

  
  
  

  
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
   
   
  
 
 
 
 

 
  
  

v. .........,.. 1.?“ W h ,)

gs of motion and" of
" architecture, im-

~ -. till. . .

i  n  day!
ce'ot‘ modesty.
rat'youthful opera,’
7 for a 467-piece'

 

 

conimdd."

: orchestra, accompanied syn chorus of '

*sw singers: in early nineteenth-century

terms, ,this would be eight symphony

orchestras thrown togetherl. A mature

work. ’the, funeral- and Triumphant

Symphony of I810, calls for similar

v forces; on its first. London performance a

century later. itsipstrumentation drew

praise/from British critics, one of them

claiming that each of the hundreds of

players had been vital to the effect.

The piece 'by which Berlioz is best

known today, the Symphonic Fan-
tastique (l83l), was perhaps the first
great statement in Romantic musical
form. Like Beethoven's Pastoral
Symphony before it, it has a descriptive
program, identifying the story which the
composer wishes to tell. Musically, the
prograniatic quality of the piecs is con-
veyed through the “idee ﬁxe”, an
irregularly recurring theme which an-
ticipates Wagner's leitmotif.

The inspiration for this work gathers
together several of Berlioz's fixations. He
_ claimed that the Faust legend. particular-
' ly a recent French translation of Goethe's
version, had influenced him. The setting,

By DAN GAINES
Fudge and movies do not have too
much in common, but there is something
'uncommon ab ut the Scotia Cinema: it
has many goo' movies. It takes away one
set of good movies and replaces them with
new ones constantly. No two weekends
are the same. The middle of the week is

fudge next door.

To keep all the movies straight, movie
calendars are given out. Their
advertisements contain them. These are
useful, if you don't smudge them with
buy next to the theatre.

  

 

EAQMA. '

,- whom  Lla‘tegmarried), drove him to,

' , 3 no titles of‘mgpy of Berlioz's imporé
.tant works, the Romeo. and Juliet

different from the weekend. And they sell ,

 

COMING!!!

/ . .
'” cannsamnnsaa.
i

 

Shakespearean actress Harriet Simpson
(to whom .ﬂle work is dedicated, and,

compose thissymphony.

Symphony, the,Datnnarlorg of Faust, and
the'FuneraI March from‘ Hamlet, reflect
his continuing involvement with these
themes. “ I, '
Romeo and Juliet, officially titled A
Dramatic Symphony for Chorus and
Orchestra 0839) is a striking work, call-
ing again’for large forces (Berlioz himself
conducted I60 players, and 90 singers in
one performance). Its variety of in-
terweaving motifs evoke a complex of
subtle "emotions. Choral forces are

 

handled differently from Beethoven's
technique in the famoustinth; here both
the ﬁrst and last movements ofthe work
call for singers.

Though some have termed this piece
“an oratorio trying to be an opera”, the
work is essentially symphonic.

The single characteristic binding
Berlioz‘s variegated output is his employ-
ment of a specific theme or pgogram for
each piece; no “absolute music" is listed
under his authorship. The topics range
from historical biography, as in his opera
“Benevenuto Cellini", to patriotic
marches as in “Hymn of France”, and to
the realm of classical mythology with
“The Trojans". He returned also‘ to

British literature, one of his symphonies
being based on Byron’s poem “Harold in

Cinema and Fudge

/ To top it off, SUNYA students with
1.0. getintothetheatre for $1.50, whichis
cheap.

The Scotia Cinema runs new, old,
domestic, foreign, sophisticated,
unsophisticated and other movies. Last
weekend they had Five Easy Pieces and
Lina Wertmuller's Love and Anarchy.
'1 Earlier this week they had Zarba the

Greek and Harry and Tonto. This

weekend they have Grand Illusion and

Jules and Jim—the only movie now
scheduled at Scotia which you will be able
to see on campus this semester Later on

 
   

  
  

   
  
   
   
  
   
    
 
 
    
   
  
    
 
   
   
    
    
 
 
 

 

 

    
 
   

Italy”.

Program \music continued to occupy

the interests of composers through the
remainder of the nineteenth century,with

only Brahms and Bruckner- adhering

Atrictly to the absolute classical tradition

laid down by Beethoven. Chief amongthe
composers following Berlioz’s lead were
Richard Wagner and Richard'Strauss,
the former taking romantic music to its
operatic, and the latter to its instrumental
extremes;

Berlioz‘s greatest legacy to the music of
today has been his wizardry with in-
strumentation, producing unbxpected
effects with an augmented percussion sec-
tion, and brilliantly playing off solo in-
struments or groups against each other.

He wrotea text on the subject which was a
standard teaching aid for many years. His
orchestral color and his ﬂair for colossal
ensembles links him inevitably with
Mahler, and together the two composers
are enjoying a recent ~vogue.

Three months ago the New Philhar-
monia Orchestra of London offered «a
monster concert,utilizing 500 performers,
featuring Havergal Brian’s gargantuan
“Gothic Symphony', and Berlioz‘s
“Funeral and Triumphant Symphony".
The recent increase in popularityof such
oversized works may spur more frequent
performances of pieces in the same genre,
now seldom heard. Few composers would
beneﬁt more from such concerts than
Hector Berlioz.

 

 

they will have Blow-Up, A Thousand
Clowns, Around the World in 80 Days,
The Seventh Seal, 0n the Waterfront,
and a new Philippe (“King of Hearts") De
Broca film called Le Magnifique.

The theatre is older, smaller and more
comfortable than other theatres... The

    

owner is always present, the employees
are nice, and the audience is not noisy.
The only problem with the Scotia

' Cinema is the amount of time it takes to
get there; it's on Route 5 right over the
bridge from Schenectady.
But it's worth the ri

 

further...det

ails

   

 

FEBRUARY. is, 93/7

9
I
1

 

By DAVID coLDMAN
I With 33 l / 3, George Harrison seems to
have. gotten out of the musical slump he

tra Texture: The former, although having
few outstanding tracks, was inferior to his

somewhat better and marked a step in the
I right'direction. However. it ioo was not
‘ quite-'up'to par. Now, with 33 1/3.
Harrison has tirade his most enjoyable
album. in years. _

Those who could not stand Harrison's
Hare Krishna songs on his previous
records will be happy to know that there
are none here, although two are of a
slightly religious nature: “Dear One" and
“Pure Smokey“. The latter is almost iden-
tical to “Ooh Baby" from Extra Texture,
but is less monotonous and a lot less em—
barrassing.

The highlight of the album is “This
Song“. George‘s attempt to make fun of
his recent plagiarism law suit, with some
help from Monty Python‘s Eric Idle
(listen carefully after the second verse).

Other outstanding cuts are “It‘s What
You Value", the bouncy, catchy

I By JONATHAN PENN

Despite'rumors to the contrary, there is
anilpurishipg cultural enclave on the
SUNY Albany campus, specifically, the
student music groups of the Performing
Arts Center. Although one might think
they function in a vacuum, they are ac-
tually alive and dynamic. offering oppor-
tunities to music students that many
larger conservatories cannot match. Of
all those organizations. the Opera
Workshop is the most characteristic of
the growing music program on campus.

The Opera Workshop, directcd by
Steven Osmond. is the youngest of the
performing groups on campus. Initiated
only eighteen months ago, the group has
already produced and performed six
complete chamber operas, and enviable
record when one considers the music
department‘s small enrollment.

To anyone who has worked on an
opera the statement that opera is the most
difficult art form to produce will ring
true. Not only are all the problems of
regular theatre present but. in addition,
there are the added difficulties of
orchestral coordination, vocalist
preparation and in some cases,
choreography. In fact, due to the
' aforementioned problems, many schools
with a much heavier emphasis on the arts
do not even attempt this type of program.

At present, the Opera Workshop, in
Conjunction with the University Chorale,
Singers, Orchestra, and Theatre depart-
ment as represented by Mr. Krivitski, is
working on a semi-staged production of
Mussorgsky‘s liar/s Godunov (The Cor-
onation Sccnc)and Dona Nuln’s I’at't'm, a

' cutata by Vaughan Williams. The pieces

have in common a visual intensity implied
in their texts. Although they can be per-
formed as set pieces for chorus and

Ed/Ior's Note: The Opera Workshop con-
cert is scheduled 1 'or Fri day and Saturday,
February I I and l2, at 8.14. Admission is

‘ one dollar for students and two dollars

 

was in after recording Dark Horseand Ex- ‘ V

previous work, while the latter was '

 

5

 
 
  
  
  

  
   
  
    
  

‘i

 
 
  

  
 

  
 
   
 
 
 
  

“Crackerbox Palace". and a dreamy,slow

, jazz piece that ends the album, “Learning

How to Love You". George has also
chosen to include his version of Cole
Porter‘s “True Love" which is given the
full Harrison treatment. complete with
whining guitar a la "My Sweet Lord“.

The musicians here included Harrison
veterans Billy Preston, Gary Write, Willie.
Weeks and Tom Scott, and newcomers
Alvin Taylor on drums and Richard Tee
on keyboards. They all do a ﬁnejob, and
have helped Harrison create an album
that proves he has not lost his talent for
making good music.

The Muse’s Song

orchestra. their dramatic content seems
to cry out for the excitement of theatre.
According to Mr. Krivitski, the picccs
present a ‘good opportunity for ex-
pcrimcntation in set design and organiza-
tion. In his opinion, this will provide a
much needed chance for an overdue
collaboration between the music and
theatre departments on a large scale. This
program will test the ability of the
faculties to function smoothly together.
As has been mentioned, both Universi-
ty choirs will be assisting the Opei’a
Workshop in this performance. The
Chorale. a group of about eighty voices, is
primarily made up of students who are in-
terested in keeping music as an avocation.
while the Singers (about 20 voices) is
comprised of those students who are in-
terested in making music part of their
career. That is the primary distinction
between the two groups. Entrance to both
is by audition only and bothspcnd a large
amount of time rehearsing each week.
While their efforts are not repaid
physically, the performance and inter—
pretation of choral masterworks seems to
be a sufﬁciently strong drawing card for
the students involved. This association
with Opera Workshop is a repetition of
other successful group projects, such as
Weber's Der Freischutz last spring.
While the dynamism of the Albany
choirs should be clear to anyone familiar
with their present performance schedule
(l5 concerts in the fall of I976), there are
problems. The obvious one, which I have
already mentioned. is a lack of student
participation in the audiences. Students
involved in the music department number
only I% of the student population, as
compared with It) to l8% in other
colleges. Obviously, something mast be
done to interest more people. Mr. Os-
mond hopes that concerts like Friday‘s
and Saturday's, by presenting an exciting
program on campus will attract further
attention. Also, such itemsas a possible
tour in April I978 might help to focus
people‘s eyes on the SUNYA music

‘F0 are who. are really into the

British‘progressive minis: scene, the m

V'Oenesis album Wittde Wurlherlnghu ,
" arrived; nicely ﬁlling the void cieated by i ‘

the absence of music from groups such as
Yes, ELP, and The‘Moody Blues, (who
have yet to release the albums that they
have‘been putting off for years). The new
Genesis album is an extraordinary collec-
tion of beautifully arranged melodies,

} with a touch,of class. '

Wind and Wurthering opens an an

‘ emotional note with a tune entitled

“Eleventh Earl of Mar," which features
the band's fantastic lyrical composition
that has become their trade mark. Most
'of the lyrics in the past have tended to be
of fable origin and express little concern
with the reality which confronts us all;
While on this album, the lyrics seem to
stick to this same basic format, two cuts
present crucial dilemmas which involve
us all.

A Tony Banks composition entitled
“One For the Vine" is a beautifully
arranged song which discusses the
relevance of God to the common man,
while alluding to the story of Jesus
changing water into wine. On the second
side a Hackett/Collins composition cn-
titled “Blood on the Rooftops“dcals with
the absurdity ofthc mass media. The song
opens with it Steve Hackett classical
guitar solo which is very reminiscent in
style to that of Segovia. It has superb
melodic-chord progressions that contain
an underpinning of classical ﬂavoring.
This cut is nicely arranged and beautifully
orchestrated by keyboard player Banks,
and ths vocals are surprisingly powerful

The Classical Forum ::.:.:::.:

   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   

  
   
    

and harmonic. Collins' lyrics paint a dis-
mal View of the relevance of the media
and the apathetic public who as he relates
are “Hypnotized by Batman, Tarzan, still
surprisedL'f ‘

The album contains three totally
musical pieces which aid in giving the
album a tight cohesive structure, as with
every song on the album. They are all ex-
tremely well produced with not a weak
cut on either side of the disc.

The only “law that one could find with
the album is that in relation to the music
that Genesis-has produced in the past few
years this album does not seem to
progress beyond the high standards that
the band has created forthcmselves. Even
so. the hand must be complimented for at
least attaining a goal of consistency that
other bands have lacked, causing their
imminent downfall.

Genesis begins a tour of the United
States this month which is their first tour
of this country since last year. They are
definitely worth checking out. for not
only is their music well performed, but
they put on one of the nicest shows
around.

Will You Be My Valentine?

   
   

Though St. Valentine's Day was cer-
tainly not one of the festivals celebrated
by the ancient Greeks or Romans, it could
never have become thejoyous occasion it
is without a contribution from classical
civilization. We are, of course, referring
to that mischievous winged boy with the
bow and arrows, and, Ohl, such an unerr-
ing aim: Greek Eros, Latin Cupido,
English Cupid. His very name reveals his
nature. as eros means "love" in Greek,
while cupier is Latin for “desire.”
Originally Eros was not theplayful lit-
tle cherub seen on Valentines. In Homer
he is a force or compulsion, rather than an
anthropomorphic god. A personality
begins to be developed by the early lyric
poets. Hesiod connects him with
Aphrodite (Roman Venus), goddess of
love and beauty. In the writings of the
fifth century philosopher Parmenides,rhe
is treated as a cosmic power. At some
obscure period, myth, as is the way of
myth, gave him a family, making him the
son of Aphrodite and Ares (Roman

Mars), the god of war. Instead of growing .

older with time, Eros grew younger. In
the archaic and classical periods of
Greece he was a youth or a half-grown
boy. By the Hellenistic Age it had become
common practice to represent him- as the
naughty littly boy, hardly more than a
baby. with whom we are all familiar.
There had even come to be a proliferation

ﬁf-if’ﬂiﬁ'ﬁ

of Cupids. The House of the Bettii in
Pompeii has a famous frieze of Cupids
engaged in the many occupations through
which the owners of the house had ac-
quired their fortune.

_ In a charming poem Propertius, a
Roman poet of the Augustan Age,
describes the god, whom he calls Amor
(Love), and gives a playfulinterpretation
of his attributes:

Whoever he was, that man who ﬁrst
painted Love as a boy, don‘t you think he
had wonderfully skillful hands? He was
the first to see that lovers live devoid of
common sense and that much substance
is f rittered away on inconsequential cares.
The same man added, not without good
reason, wings, light as the wind, and
depicted the god flitting about the human
heart; naturally, since we are tossed now
on favorable for long. And (the artist was
so right!) Cupid's hand is armed with
barbed arrows, and a Cretan quiver hangs
from each shoulder, because he strikes his
victims before we, feeling totally secure,
catch a glimpse of our enemy; nor does
anyone go airtay from that wound un—
harmed. In me his arrows remain and his
childish image remains, but certainly be
has lost his wings since, alas,the never files
anywhere away from my heart and never
ceases to carry on his wars with'my blood.:_

 

 

12» all tit/tars. depﬂrlmem' V - Propertius 2.l2.l-l6,J'
renaming 11.1977  scanner puss ' PAGI‘rA‘i ‘

   
   
     
  
    
    
  
   

  

  

 

