 

 
      
  
  
   

Techs ts’ of identifying basic
uishingfherself from her
ren range in age from

  

, ‘ arningDisabledrAn I.
15-“ "."a‘ 'Pif’md ° “mi: *f'°.§tg..cg°:"e°“. if; i' The start consists, -or_._iwo classroom teachers
  ﬁctie 33:1]: sonaDavicfshad- en I dual-99m aide‘ “Jock”, work" and a langllilgt’
diagnosed as having a’ minimal brain dysfunction. 'ferap'shiiac'.‘ of the" pe°pl° “Pendsa 8"?“ deal of
~ v * he reject . . timeworkingin the classroomwith the Chlldrcn_
‘10???er lohheafd t p h an'd lannin . Rugsuck Within the context of atraditional nursery sch00|

ter mont s o researc [1,. Sid db ls program, the childreneeceive therapeutic assistance
an}! her'husband.began"'Sul'ifneicampalten e y tailored to their individual needs. Goals for 11.0
cl‘ii‘lgreng‘hechildren chose Wildwood as the name children include self—help skills, social and
0 ea c m . , , _ i .
 Russuck aIiid her colleagues continually expanded ' commumcauqn Sign” ‘ii‘d »°°3""""e and motor
the Wildwood programs. The Wildwood School held
its first class in ‘l967 in the‘donated facilities of the First

      

   

 

  

   

ms.‘ 13

   
   
        
     
 
 

-v...

 

s Omar-wry» meat». ~41A..r .-

’41-‘15.

    
    

  
  
      
      
       
    
   
      
     
     
 
  
  
  
  
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
  
    
   
   
    
   
    
  
 
   
  
  
   
    
  
  
  
  
 
    
  
    
    
   

 

 

 

 
 
 

    
 

a"

By SUSAN E. MILLER
Wildwood is a very special place.. For over 200
children and their families it represents education.
emotional support. guidance and love. '
The Wildwood School for Developmentally
Handicapped Children is located in Schenectady. lts
programs reach throughout the Capital District.
Wildwood is a cooperative venture between parents
and the professional community to develop a
comprehensive educational experience for children
with developmental disabilities. The programs were
established not only to provide direct service to these
children but also to learn through experience the best
ways of helping handicapped children and their
families. The parent organizations have committed
themselves to public education. Their hope is to create
a change in the thinking and philosophies ofthe public
school community so that they will accept the
rcsponsihlities of fully educating the child with
developmental disabilites. The program is sponsored
by the Capital District Chapters of the New York
Association for Brain Injured Children/Association
for Children with Learning Disabilites and the Capital.
District Chapter for the National Society for Autistic

 

 

 

 

Izi/i/ors Mic: Storm Miller is [/10 puh/it't'ly (liret'lor
V/HI‘ 'I't'lt'l/mn '77.

r
‘Michael’s Story

 

A heattttl til hlondcl’haired boy ran into the rootn and
asked. " M ommy. if my picture is in the newspaper will
I be lantous'.’“ five years ago Kathy Cohen and her
husband were told that their two year old son was
autistic. retarded. and schizophrenic. A neurologist
told them. “Don‘t try to ptit neurons in a brain like his.
He will not grow to a mental age of greater than eight
years."

Today seven year old Michael is enrolled in a public
school kindergarten class. He is a “graduate'. of the
Wildwood School in Schenectady.

When Michael was an infant. he did not react to any
stimuli. He would not react to hunger or affection and
was oblivious to the world around him. From age
eleven months he did nothing but rock back and forth
in his crib.

The Cohens took Michael to several specialists.
They were advised that their son had multiple
developmental handicaps.

“We didn‘t believe them. we didn't want to."
explained his mother. "Michael had a glimmer in his
eye and We knew he could be helped." She decided she
had to get into Michael‘s world. She had no
professional experience but she felt it might help if
Michael did not feel alone. '

For the next two years the Cohens worked with their
third child daily. His mother could do everything
Michael didmrock. scratch, knock. etc. His father
worked with Michael in the evenings.

When Michael was three years old, the Cohens
heard about the programs at Wildwood. They worked

 

Presbyterian Church of Albany. A small group of
parents and professionals formed a half-day pre-
school and kindergarten class with a volunteer
director. twu teachers. and eight children. Parents sold

- $7500 worth of tootsie rolls to meet the first yearly

budget.

Eventually the school moved into the Oswald D.
Heck‘Developmental Center in Schenectady. Today
more than 200 children between infancy and 12 years
of age and their families are helped on a regular basis
by programs provided through the school. These
programs include a pre-school. an elementary school,
Parent-Aid Service. an adolescent community center.
and a summer camp.

Before accepting any child as a student at Wildwood
‘School. each child is comprehensively evaluated by a
professional team of teachers. speech and hearing
therapists. social workers. psychologists. neurologists.
and occassionally a psychiatrist to determine whether
or not the program is appropriate for his or her needs.
if other programs can better meet the child‘s current
requirements. specific recommendations and referrals
are offered to parents.

The Wildwood pro-school has been funded the past
two years through a grant administered by the
Research Foundation of the State of New York. State
College at Buffalo. The pre-school serves
developmentally disabled children.

The children lack in social and/or communication
skills. although there is great diversity in their abilities.
One child. for example. reads numerous words.
although he comprcliends few of them. whereas

‘

 

"l‘or Michael it is a question of itiaiiy people zeroing
in on his positives. This is the Wildwood philosophy."
explained his mother. She added. “There is a total
cointnittmcnt to the 'cans‘ and not the ‘cannotx‘f‘

Michael attended Wildwood for four years. in
September he was enrolled in a non-graded program
sponsored by the Board of Cooperative Educational
Services for children with learning disabilities. llc
attends a rcgtilar kindergarten class two hours daily.

Ms. Cohen said Michael is expected to keep
growing. She added. "it looks like what the doctors
initially told us was off base. We have great
expectations for him." ‘ .

Michael was totally non-verbal when he Started at
Wildwood. Today he is a typical youngster.
continually asking questions about the world around
him.

“Michael is the apple of my cyc,"explained his proud

 

 

 

 

 

 

development.

These skills are developed both in group ilCli\|llt'\
and in individual sessions. For exampch speech il\ .l
major area of concentration is integrated into the
classroom as evidenced by the involvement til the
language therapist in all aspects of the program. I’lat
therapy and behavior modificaiton. and variations nt
both. are techniques which are used in the class

A day at school begins between 9:00 and 9110.1 m .
with the children working with materials ot iilL'tl
choice in a free play situation. Painting. water plan and
sand play go oti duringthis period. This is followed ht
a group activity in whilch singing. body I'ntHL'lllt'lll
following directions and social interactions .it.
emphasized.

During the formal work period, children unit
individually and in small groups with a lettcltct or
volunteer. Diagnosis and cognitive work lttkcs plan
during this time. Work might consist of sitting Ill ..
chair. developing eye contact. number cont-em
categorization. fine motor skills. and receptiic .lllti
expressive language. Daily records are kept on till.
progress of each child in these areas.

Snack time. personal hygiene and dressing are MN «I
to help foster self-help and social skills. The moi nine.
ended with a gym period.

The Wildwood Elementary School. located in th
same building as the pre-school. is more L'XiL'll\l“
then the latter. and ctirrcntly has an enrollment at ’
children. Like the pFe-sclitiol. the day begins at .thw '
9:00 a.ni. The teachers provide a well muml -1
curriculum and the opportunity to learn by cxpet lt'ltv

The comprehensive educational program llttilllit »
daily physical education. reading. speech and iitllllll.i_:‘-
therapy. mathematics. and cdttcation. l-icld tttn
include such activities as swimming. hottlntt‘ W'l
numerous other “real-lite" experiences.

Most students come to Wildwood wuh .t tL'I \ tww
self-image. having never met with success \nmii
classrooms. a low pupil-teacher ratio, mun) \.iiw|
educational resources. a well rounded Ctlt'ltt'ttltitii
opportunity to learn by experience. and consistent us
of positive reinforcement. all combine to help .i tlnlil
experience success in the classroom.

The school accepts children with dcvclitpittcttlal
disabilities that preclude enrollment in path
education facilities. There must be an indication III-u
the child possesses greater potential than has hm.
previously demonstrated.

One of Wildwood‘s objectives is to return each ol lhr
children to a regular or special class placctticttl \t it hm
the public schools. A child's average stay at Wildtimul
school is three years. On the average. six ttl semi
youngsters are returned to or placed in public sthtmh
WC“ yet"- Wildwood staffsupportivc services are tlti ii

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT. PRESS,

 

i
l
t
i
i
i
i
i

l

l
t

 

t

enviv _ I. I ‘eafter parents and school officials
are encou‘ ged to keep the school informed of the
child‘s prdgress.

 

The Parent Ald Service

The‘Parent' Aid Service is a service available to all
parents ofchildren with developmental disabilities in
the Capital District Area. It is the goal of the program
to offer the parents respite. through the services of
trained volunteers of high school and college age on a
regular basis. The volunteer will enable the parents to
participate in activities. such as shopping excursions.
doctor‘s appointments or other leisure activities. while
at the same time being confident that their child is
being well cared for.

The volunteers are responsible for the well-being of
the child according to the parents' wishes and
instructions. Because the volunteer visits the home on a
regular basis. the Parent Aid Service provides not only
a service to the parent of the child. but an opportunity
for the child to have a meaningful relationship with
someone other than a family member.

The Adolescent Community Center

The Wildwood Adolescent Community Center
began its fifth tcn-‘wcek program in January. The
center has a comparative structure to a YMCA or other
community center programs.

This spring. the program will serve about 35
adolescents between the ages of 12 and 22 years. 80 per
cent ofthe adolescents are minimally handicapped and
20 per cent. moderately to severely handicapped. In
addition a similar number of non-handicapped
adolescents participate iii the program its peers or
friends of the handicapped.

Together the adolescents participate in four 45
mintttc courses. The adolescents choose among 14
course—selections. ranging from rap sessions and
volleyball. to cooking for boys.

thti the final course period is over everyone
participates in the canteen portion of the evening. This
gives the student the opportunity to talk. dance. play
table games and get a bite to eat.

At 9:00 p.m. the canteen ends and the teens have an

 

e tatea ositive adjustment to this new . i facility. the' use of w,hich.is donated  Club's

 

members. is surrounded by beautiful sceneryiiand
allows campers to explore the many wonders of nature,

The well-qualiﬁed staff consists " of a'.‘dire'ctor.‘
psychologist. social worker. nurse. swimming
instructor. physical education instructor. and ﬁve unit'

heads. each with extensive experience in special

education. ranging from school psychology to speech
therapy. , _

Working closely with this staff are high school and
college students who participate as group counselors
and counselor aides. These students add much
enthusiasm to the camp program; many ofthem decide
to develop careers related to helping handicapped

children and their families after their camping

experience.

 

 

 

 

opportunity to select among various recreational
activities. Available at this time is bowling. moVies,
games. volleyball. and the trampoline. People 'an

intch front one activity to another as they wish.
The objectives of the progratn

\ cctiter programs.

Camp Wildwood "happens" for six weeks every
summer; 60 campers and forty-five stuff membersjoin
nces. The children have
such activities as
iditig. fishing. hiking. arts and

together in a variety of experic
opportunities to participate in
swimming. horseback r
crafts. and several field trips.

The Capital District Chapters of NYABK' and
NSAC combine "efforts in order to fttnd and operate
ke Rod and

Gun Club facility iti Altitinont. New York. This

the camp. which is loctitcd at the 'l'urnpi

include the
development of social skills for the adolescent. a
recreational setting that responds to the ttdolcsccnt's
needs. and the dcvcloptncnt ofskills that will make the
adolescent better prepared for future community—

The 60 cttmpeis are divided into five units: each unit

hasa leader who supervises three or four group
counselors. Children who require constant supervision
are assigned special counselors who work with them on
a one-to-one basis.

A child is placed in a unit according to age.

socialization skills. and interests. Activities are
designed for each unit so that every child is capable of

 

 

 

 

 

accomplishing the task: as a child gains more
confidence. activities become more challenging.

Parents of campers are encouraged to visit camp.
meet staff members. and observe their child‘s daily
routine. Family nights are scheduled at which catnpcrs‘
families tire invited to picnic with staff members.

The dedication and sincere interest ofstaff members
creates an atmosphere in which the children are given
much individual attention and encouraged to
participate in group activities. The staff feels it is their
responsibility to enable the campers to have ii
successful experience every day.

According to a staff member. the smiling faces and

Kim’s Story

“We reali/cd Kim was not normal at a yottng age.
She was placid arid \vould sit for hours. She did not
react to the world around her." explained her mother.
Kathy Del Signoi'e.

A neurologist told the Del Signores that their
daughter was mentally retarded and at most site would
reaclt a higli school level. "We cotild not believe it was
trite." said Del Signorc.

At age threc Kim was enrolled in ii program iit
Albany Medical (‘cnter for children \l'llit
communication disorders. The teachers there did not
lecl Kim was retarded because she acted differently
than other students there.

A year later Kim was referred to Wildwood. A
language arid ltcitriiig therapist. Marge Snyder. has
been working with Kitn since her enrollment.

Kim is non-verbal and Snyder has taught her sign
language, Her parents and lcii year old sister have also
learned sign language and can communicate with Kim.

"Kim is a very Intelligent girl. She reads and does
mathematics.“ explained the language tlieritpist. She
Icels Kim will eventually be able to goto college.

Kim uses a "phonic ear" that helps to amplify sound
because she has a hearing loss. It is used whenever she
is at Wildwood. -

 

activities exist to' maximize the beneﬁt of pare
home relationships. - ‘ "

One-way viewing windoWs in all classrooms enable ’

the parents to observe their children. Socialworkers ‘
help the parents to understand thier child‘s program

and. along with the teacher. discuss areas in whichtliey
might follow through at home. ‘ 

Regularly scheduled group and individual meetings .

for mothers. fathers and sometimes siblings are ‘an
important part of the habilitation process. Home
visits. skilled and-sensitive family counseling as well as
play therapy with handicapped children. are all a part
of the social work program.“ ' .
Parents are involved in~the "ongoing running and

evaluation of the program through membership and '

participation on the Board of Directors.through fund-
raising efforts. volunteer help iii classrooms and ofﬁce.
setting up equipment’. and remodeling and
rcl'urnishing classrooms.

It is a basic belief that since parents have an integral
role in the ongoing care ofand planningfor their child.
they. therefore. must have access to the knowledge and
understanding of all of the disciplines if they are to
respond successfully to the needs of that child.

At rcgutar meetings. the parents share their
experiences with one another. Russuek explained.
offer s emotional support. We see that we are not alone
iit raising our handicapped children.“

Telethon Helps Funding

Wildwood receives state and federal grants.

NYALD. the parent organization. is responsible for
raising $70.000 annually. This money is raised throttgli
stiles. donations and events held throughdut the year.
The Schenectady County Mental Health Board
matches the money raised by NYAl.D. dollttr for
dollar. .-
For the past five years students at SUNYA have
donated the proceeds from their annual 'l'clethon to
Wildwood. Russuck said. “We as parents of
handicapped children have to be involved. lt is a
beautiful feeling to know that the students at SUNYA
car‘ about otir children."

Tonight at 8:00 p.m. is the Tenth Annual SUNYA
Telethon. it will rim until 8:00 p.m. Saturday night
with over 70 acts performing throughout the evening.
This year‘s theme is "Let‘s Build a Rainbow.“

Tonight. let us bitild a rainbow for the children of
Wildwood. together.

    

since being enrolled at Wildwood. She used to stttyto
herself and have little to do with her surroundings.
Now we are able to communicate with her."

Kim is currently integrated into a class of eight and
nine year olds at Wildwood. It is hoped that she will
eventually be able to go to public school.

Kim was selected by the staff at Wildwood to open
up 'l‘clethoii ‘77 tonight with co-chairpersons Mitchell
Adler and Susan ltzkowitz. They have been going to
Wildwood to learn biisic sign language so they can
eommtuticnte with Kim on stage.

Director of Wildwood (tinny R tissuck said Kim was
chosen to represent Wildwood . because “She
demonstrates the hope we have for all of our
children . . . that with a lot of hard work and
individual programming she will be able to make gains
that will enable her to hcconie a participating member

 

 

 

 

 

with the'stiiff to establish a consistent educational mother. Shcconeluded.“Miracles take placewith hard
Qingram. - t} i work. and this is it miracle.“ J Photos by s" n e_ miner L Del Signorc said. “Kim is a totally different child of our society." 4
L ' J
.PAGE 4A MARCH 25, 197,, i  “ ALBANY STUDENT PRESS mam 5A._ .

 

    
  
     
 
  
    
     
 
 

   
  
 

 

