  

 

 

    

y. Novem-  ' “19. art) pm?

are m rumour coamormua no  war or “are mimic
assent wtllt once we ‘

 

 

 

A NIGHTCLUB
OF NON-ST OP
ENTERTAINMENT.

With music by

"THE MAGNIFICENT TOUND MACHINE"

THE Wilt? OF CAFE MANITCHEWITZ

 

Campus Center Ballroom
$.75 JSC members 0 “.25 with tax card 0 $1.75 without in card

 

 

 

 

 

ammunition - maroon
lmdnlnﬂlni rum- ‘ll'rlills‘l mun
rrmmmuuumw .- Elm-.33

THEATRE

 

' m
Mm-um-m WH'WIW' lull”
- "-nnnImI-«ml-um
A Mm“ merino lull luau [WW5 llLIIlANlIU‘ ~ MWIWW
WM I“

Friday 18

 

 

 

 

and

9:30

Mil!
[star-minnows“

 

$.75 w/tax
$1.25 We

Saturday 19
“ST. IVES”
' 7:30

 

 

 

Charles Bronson is Ray St. Ives

Hes clean. He‘s mean. He‘s the gobetneen.

PROOF OF AGE REQUIRED and
Proper attire requested. All tickets at the door. 9 . 
— Mixes Dth r 0 "GOOD" Fog. .    -r "i' " “
r '   .. m 7‘ . , v WW"   m it - " whiff?"   'i'

 

. summer a. ,,

‘l ‘ s_..;M-. .

  
   

Pﬂces

     
   
  
 
    
   
   
    
    
    
     

$7.00-Others

 
 

Dutch Quad: Marc 7-7838
Colonial Quad: Rich 7-8736
1 State Quad: Tom B. 7-409!
3 . lndian Quad: Greg 7-5106

   

4:30PM-5:30PM.

or“; was—331mm .

    

 

 

mmnlmwmntsa

Semi-formal Holiday Dinner Dance

hot and cold smorgasborg
llve music from 8:30pm-1:30am by Kelly Avenue West

$6.00-Class of 1980 Duespayers

There are only a Iimlted number of tickets - so buy them
BEFORE the Thanksglvlng vacation.

for tickets and information contact:

)  Alumni Quad: Bonnie 472-5l38

Tickets also wlll be on sale on Monday, November 21, on Dlnner lines from

Saturday, December 3, 197

8PM-2AM
ampus Center Ballroom

 

 

 

  

      
   

-iintess SUNYA its a

 

 

'A Credible Institution '

In the ﬂurry of publicity about the
unfortunate psychology affair, the more
important Chemistry Ph.D. termination
episode has passed with little comment. Yet
the loss of the Chemisrty l’h.D. is one ofthe
more serious occurences on our campus since
the retrenchment actions of last year. Now
that there has been time to reﬂect on these
matters. it is important to piit them in
perspective.

The loss ofthe Cltcmistry Ph.DshoiiId make
it clear that no program at SUNYA is safe
whole regains
respectability in the eyes of the state
bureaucracy. the legislature. and our peers at
other universities.

Two years ago. many faculty in the sciences
and social sciences watched with complacency
while the humanities suffered. Many also
supported the break-up of Arts and Sciences
as a means ofinsulating themselves against the
spread of perceived problems. Now the blow
has fallen on a central discipline in the natural
sciences. With SUNYA‘s self-inflicted wounds
during retrenchment and the SED's
liquidation of a central doctoral program
(English. history. chemistry) in all three
divisions. the university is left with a set of
scattered Ph.D programs that to an outsider
will soon appear r0 be a capricious
constellation.

Selection program excision is primarily
responsible for this condition. and selective
program excision has been a disaster for
SUN YA. The policy oftaking resources from
one area to strengthen another has hurt the
university as a whole so much that even the
rccepients of the resources are viorse off than
they were before the resources were
transferred. The Concerned Faculty has

 

Editor's Nulc: This is u mt'nruranr/tmr In life
filth/Ir from the (‘nlnmilm' o] (‘orir'w-m‘r/
l‘tlt'll/I r on iIi.\'IiItrIirmu/ ('I't‘lffflfffll.

A

    
  

~WHM~ ,

maintaincd‘that the retrenchment of faculty
for the purpose of reallocating resources is an
unworkable policy. As a result of such
cannibalization.wc have lost tenure. we face
censure of extensive litigation. morale remains
low. and SUNYA is rapidly acquiring a
national reputation for institutional
incompetence.

Chemistry was as much a victim of this
process as French of Classics. Whena school‘s
reputation is low. is invites a lower estimation
of specific programs by outside reviewers.
And when the negative report was rendered.
SUNYA was in no institutional position to
defend its program or to seek ways by which
this and other threatened programs could be
saved because SUNYA lacked institutional
credibility. Chemistry. after all. is but one ofa
long line of SUNYA programs to be
terminated or put on probation. And itis hard
to believe that all of these programs
intrinsically deserve the fate they suffered. We
do not believe Chemisrty did.

We urge the administration and faculty to
take the following actions which will begin to
restore our institutional credibility in the
opinions of those who view us from the
outside:

I SUNYA must take the necessary
steps to avoid censure by the AAUI’. It does
.ot help our credibiltiy when Academe
(circulation in the profession ofabout 75.000)
quotes the AAUP Report‘s conclusion that
learning and the transmission of knowledge
cannot be expected to flourish in the
atmosphere currently prevailing at SUNY. To
atoid censure. SUNYA must settle with the
retrenched tenured faculty by rchiring those
who are willing to return. The example if the
Southern Illinois University at Carbondiilc is
instructive: |U4 faculty were rctrenchcd; the
school settled with |03 to get offthe censure
list. A large number of these settlements

 

ALL ’N ALL

including:
Serpentine Fire/Jupiter

 

 

TC 34905

ecstasy.

 

 

Runnin'/Love‘s Holiday/ Fantasy

  
    
  
   

The unequaled resources of
Farth. Wind 8. Fire have arrived once again.
bearing the gift of unexcetled musical

Check out our
8 Track & Cassette Department

All $7.98 Tapes—This month $4.99

Q «in: We're
614 We 70mph

including:
Drrsrreo Free Man In Paris
' O I AWhilo/Aslt

EARTH,WIND 8. FIRE I ,ﬁmm

  
   

 
 

JC 34990 Ncil Diarrioritl, one of the
Norld‘s greatest performers. tins
coriu- iip wrlh the thirst irrovmg heart
lIIitl album of INS cart-er

 

 

 

 

or Cassette

All $7.98 List
Sam ends 11/26

i Paul Sinmn

 

Stereo LP, Eight Track

colu

included reinstatement. Settelment with the ‘32
retrenched tenured facultyat Albany will
come sooner or later. The sooner it comes, the
less costly it will be to SUNYA. and the
quicker the university can begin to regain
institutional credibiltiy with the national
higher education community.
0 Concurrent with a settlement it is necessary
to extend assurances to faculty members that
the university will uphold the tenure principle
int he future. Only with such assurancestothe
faculty can it begin to participate conﬁdently
in the rebuilding of SUNYA.
0 Institutional credibility requires that the
faculty be restored to its proper and
traditional role in academic decision-making.
At SUNYA. academic policies remain the
purview of the administration. It is clear that
the faculty is powerless at SUNYA even in the
area of personnel decisions, the mostjcalously
guarded of faculty functions at credible
institutions of higher learning.
t The administration and the faculty must take
a new approach to the evaluative process on
campus. If we are to live in an atmosphere of
constant evaluation and re—evaluation. it is
nece ary to ensure that these evaluation
processes are carried out in equitable and
professional manner. A widening circle of
observers inside and outside SUNYA are
concluding that the l97b-l977 retrenchments
were not based on the stated academic
grounds but were administrative vehicles for
cleaning up administration messes and
terminating people who had given trouble to
the administration. This perception does not
add to SUNYA‘s reputation or credibility.
There are currently four new review
committees at SUNYA which the faculty
should be aware of: [Hire Special Committee.
composed largely (but not exclusively) of
department chairmen. was responsible forthc
(‘hemisny decision. Its initial charge was to

 

mns

review PhD. programs. Task Force III, as it
might be called. stiffen front some of the same
legitimacy problems that plagued its
predecessors It is proceeding clandestinely. It
has refused to speak with concerned faculty
about its procedures. At the very least. it
should have representatives from the
remaining half dozen departments that grant
Ph. D.‘s and it should inform the facultyabout
its activities and procedures. of course. this
committee should have been selected and
instructed by the faculty.2) The
Undergraduate Programs Review Committee.
newly convenes. is establishing rules for
reviewing three programs: Puerto Rican
Studies. Judiac Studies. and Music. It is not
clear to the Concerned Faculty why these
three programs have been singled out for
review. The faculty should be assured that
these three departments were not selected by
the ad ministration for adverse treatment prior
to the establishment of precedure for a
general review of all programs. of course.
there should be a continuing two-way flow of
information between this committee and the
faculty.3) Two committees to evaluate.
respectively. the Deans of Social Sciences and
Natural Sciences have been established with a
representative from each department in the
College. Of course. the evaluation criteria and
the procedures to be fOIIOch by the reviewer
committees should be open to faculty scrutiny.

We believe that the next major
reorganization of higher education in New
York is about l8 months away. If SUNYA is
to survive as a university center. it must begin
now to restore its institutional credibility.
Both the faculty and the administration are
responsible for our current condition. In order
to rectify it. the faculty must act as faculty.
institutional credibility depends on the
faculty‘s rcassurnption of its proper
responsibility.

 

w .
I Greatest Hm, E rc.
i including'
Slip Slidin Away
| Kodaclirorrro,50 WaysTo Leave Your Lover
oves Me Like A ﬂnrk
Still Crazy After All These Voars

Hard

     

JC 35032 Paul Simon's finest—44
great selections highlighting a uni
Iiarit solo career

 

4.49

DOWN TWO THEN LEFT

_ Gimme The Goods /A Clue/ 993

    

   

JC 34729 This long-awaited follow-up to
“Silk Degrees" is filled with the musical de-
lights we've come to expect from 802.

  
   
    

BOZ SCAG-GS

including:
Times/Whatcha Gonna Tell Your Man

   
 
   

  

 

brand new

ZII Central Ave. 494-0085

 

 

 

 

NOVEMBER 18, 1977

rur.~.um.u.»u.. ...... ... “Hanna... ..

re}? . 'ré‘ ‘

“gunman-4...... . .... .-

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

u .. "cumin-n. r“.suuuusuuuuu... Hanna...» :4. vats-Luidwlii

 

PAGE THIRTELN

r‘I

 

   
  

 

