 
  

 

 

 

 

 

  
   
 
 
  
   
   
   
 
  
  
  
 
   
  
   
 
  
  

 
 
  

 

 

 

     

‘. _ , g 7 By an Mbsatt 1' '
By anyaccount, Ed Dague is a success in his field.

 

Schenectady's channel six. Yetthe broadfaced. plain-
spoken Dague is far. from satisfied with his work.
wHe-profes‘ses to have “grave doubts about the future of
television news". which he characterizes as little better
than “a headline service."  . .
Dague feels much of'the problem with television

1 them stems fromvits reliance on the ratings system,

"iwhich‘forc‘e's the. medium to entertain as well as

. =«educate.‘“There‘s alot oftruth in themovie Network. ”

; ~he‘complains.ireferring to the ﬁlm's hypothetical news
. department which went to incredible lengths, including
v the? production of bank robberies by radical terrorists,
to boost its'ratingsb .
Dressed in an impeccably tailoredithree piece suit.
and speakingin a concerned. almost too serious tone of
“voice. Dague pointedout that ABC News shot up to
‘ number one in the ratings when it switched toa“happy
talk“ format several years ago. By “happy talk" the
-’ broadcaster‘referred to ABC‘s encouragement of its
reporters to playfully ‘ad lib' and chide one another on
'the air: r” "1?“ ' ‘

 'A cleaner-bag greenhouse and newspapers in the
bathtub aren't exactly your horticulture-school tactics.
But, they‘re two of the simple setups you can use to
keep your plants healthy while you vacation. Here are
ﬁve tested methods. recommended by Tina Nitzkin
(Chicago‘s Plant Lady). ,

2 ' “ The friend method

If you can talk-someone intocheckingthe apartment
once a week. you've got it made. He or she may not be
as plant conscious as you. so keep things simple:

3 O‘Tapeithe watering instructions,er each plant to its

pot—“one. quart for. the Dracaena marginata each
week.“ - .

0 Move plants out of direct sunlight where they‘ll dry
too quickly. or close sheer curtains if you havethem.
0 Get all the plants together on the floor where it‘s
cooler "and your friend won‘t miss any of them.

0 Make sure there‘s some air circulation by leaving a
window ajar (burglar~safe windows only). the air
conditioning on. or setting upa fan on a timer to blow a
few hours a day. Stagnant air encourages pests.

(If you take a wi nter vacation. turn the heat down to
about 60 degrees and put the pots on the lloor again,
away from too-dry furnace air.) '

I Don‘t ask your friend to feed any plants. The risk of
fertilizerrburn is worse'than underl'ceding.

I VReirip‘ye ﬂower buds. whatever the method;
blooming weakens plants on minimum care.

.4  v The bathtub method
0 Closcthe‘ drain and line the tub with cleaner bags or
one ol’those big’trash bags split open.

i 0 Put a layer of newspapers in t he tub (about as thick as

the Sunday paper. unfolded) and soak it. but don't
leave water standing in the itib.
0 Set the watered plants. sans saucers. onthe papers.
0 Rig a clip-on lamb over the curtain bar (incandescent
will do) with a timer to give the plants IOIo l2 hours of
light daily.
0 Fill the sink with water for more humidity and close
the door on your bathroom greenhouse.

The cleaning-bag greenhouse method
Those lightweight plastic pags‘from the cleaner
make a perfect environmentthai will hold plants for up
to three weeks. Again. get them out of direct sun. set
for coolness. but don‘t worry about air circulation.
0 Tape the top of the cleaner bag closed.
0 Get bamboo stakes (cheap from dime stores or plant
shops) that are taller than your plant‘s foliage and stick
three or four in the pot to hold the bag away from the
plant. cardboard taped to the tops of the stakes will
stop punctures.
I Water the plant as usual (don't soak it or spray the
foliage; too, much moisture causes mold in the airtight
bag). place the pot and saucer inthe bag. and tie the top
accurer so no air or moisture will leak om. It's OK to

 

Editor's Note: This article was taken front the July

 

[975 issue of Apartment Life.

PAGE 2A

JH'I t'lh’l"..§l

A Every Weekday riightrthousandsof people watch him v
~co'-anchtir:*:the six and. eleven o'clock news '.on.

    
   

According to» Dague. who came to WRG‘B eight

years ago. alter serving as radio director for WOKO,

timer and v money :are 'two major constraints on
television 'news.

’ He says that on the half hour eleven o‘clock show he
has a total of twelve and one half minutes to’cover the
local. national and international scenes. On a recent
airing of N BC Nightly News. he adds. a reporter had to
“wrap upthe entire Mideast peace negotiations“ within
a minute and fifteen seconds.

Such time allotments. says Dague. cannot do a story
justice. especially when the story is complicated.
Dague thinks it is the responsibility of the viewer to fill
in for himself the information gaps television news
cannot provide. The broadcaster explained that when
a recent 30 second story which skimmed over
Governor Carey's complicated budget proposal Was

completed, “we told the audience we hadn't done'

enough. we told each person in the audienceto consult
his local newspaper.“

Television news is an expensive business, more
expensive. and possibly more lucrative, than
newspaper journalism. Dague feels the high cost of
television news means there are “not enough reporters
and camera crews“ to do an adequate reporting job. He

jIf‘j‘qii'ifPIcthare, When You’re Not There

put more than one plant in a bagifthey aren't crowded-
. If you have a plant too large to completely cover,
water it as usual andjust bag the container. Tape or tie
the bag to the trunk or stem’so you‘ll have n0 moislure
leakage. Half bagging isn‘t as effective as putting the
whole plant in a closed system. but it can hold the
biggie for ten days to two weeks.
I’ot-in-a-pot method
Plant a pot in a larger p‘ot filled with sphagnum moss.
and water both pots. The moss will keep the inside pot
moist for about 10 days if you take all the other
precautions about sunlight. air circulation. and cooler
temperature in the apartment: ‘ '
The wick method
0 Take a largejar of water. puncture the lid with a can
opener and stuff in a long cotton shoestring.
0 Push the other end ofthe shoestring deep into the soil
ol a thoroughly watered plant. Big plants may taketwo
or three bottles with Wicks.
‘ Home again, home again
Easy does it. Plants you‘ve left in a greenhouse
environment should be cased back into the drier
apartment atmosphere and sunligltt. or you may put
them into shock. If you‘ve bagged them. make an
opening in the plastic bag the first day. then gradually
remove the plastic over the next couple of days. ll~
you‘ve had them in the tub. move them to bathroom
shelves or the floor for a day or two if there‘s room
But. at least. move any plants back to their normal
light in stages.

Human Sexuality at the Circus

By RICHARD MERMELS'I‘EIN

I used to go to the circus a lot. I was always amarcd
by the acrobats, I loved the clowns. and Was
overwhelmed by the large animals. But every single
time I went. I was most astonished by the sword
swalloWers. The way their mouths would envelopcthe

excaliber wholely. as if their insides Were organless
lhts past‘weekend's movie viewing aflorded mela
chance to Witness an equally astounding parallel feat
Lgscﬁil‘: attraction in the center ring was Ms. Linda
‘ lower East Cinema presented Deep Throat
Saturday. as part ol'an educational weekendsurve in
pornography through the ages. as their ads proclzi’img
The other attractions were a best of erotica cinem'
compilation. and a lecture by Dr. Robert Athansio a
who teaches the Human Sexuality course here l’eo in
who came tothe lecture center did not solely wishto p 6
t2: align-banned porno flick. They wanted to Si:
ilbgalt; l)i/nhtheir awareness of the issues. Just ask the
u .
Any mom that has been banned anywhere in New
York State. or is on trial in New York cannot be
shown on campus." according to 'I'ower  director

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

':It7l7l.‘). 1i .i Henna. so: .: simian.“

  

jays reporters batteries . hthreestom
rely on stock methods bf'deliiIery (quickie interviews 2
people representiiig both~sides ‘of a story. standio
summaries by the retainer .of‘the neWs story) “is!
ain't have’n’earl' If manyreporters as the KnicklNewe
or theiTirnes'Unio . andiyet We cover a greater area:
he says. " . '
The channel six anchorman is not complete].
dissatisfied with his business. He takes pride in the loci
that his eleVeno‘clock show is rated number one. For
example. Wednesday night has a 38 percent share or
the audience, While the regular N BC Wednesday nigh.
programming from ten to eleven o’clock draws an
abominable 6 percent share. This means littll iii eleven
pm, people take the trouble to get up and turn their
dials to channel six. and the ratings race this means
lot.

He adds that “there is' much hope in this htlslncct
over 60 Minutes. It‘s ratings have been moving 
dramatically.“ He explains that the detailed reporting
format of the show frees it from the usual time and
money restrictions.

But there are “not many" other signs of progress in
television news. he says. and cites as evidence the fact
that the lowest rated program for each oi'two television
years were lengthy news documentaries. .‘i/llluir
Cook's America and a three-hour NBC special ll lt:\\‘
years back on foreign affairs.

In the end, says Dague. “the public has to support"
television news. “Maybe the public just doesn‘t “lint
to."

   
  

il

':. SAP/JP
A slmulated greenhouse environment will help insure
the survival of your plants during your vacation.

Jim Smith. In addition. Deep Throat spciilitnlli \lilh
banned by SUNY Central from being shouti itll .in_\
SUNY campus. So. it any member ol the illltilt'lltt' illlti
complained to the DA about the icWLillt'sx iii the hint.
Smith says. a bust could have ensued ililti lilt’ lllttHL’
"m PUG” Presented as part of tin t-tliitniiuiinl
experience.

In mm“ every advertisement forthe c\ciii li.itl tn il.l\t‘
the letters in the Words Deep Throat in thc \ttlllc point
size as the letters in the other events. i)L'L‘P Ihiotit
was“ me mm" SI’cctacle —it was just another pnit of
the total experience. The precautions taken to Illhlll’t’
that this fact was known to all who entered the L‘\L'lll
were extensive.

“We met with Pat Buchalter. Robert Stiiitiiiiglta.
Judy Condo. and other people months ago to go oicr
File regumlions we had to follow in order to show it."
[mm East treasurer Ron Neuberger explained It
would have been much simpler, and financially more
successful to show another X-rated movie. hlllctf
hundreds of dollars had to be spent tthL‘rllslllg the
educational aspects of the weekend. he claimed.

r for six nton‘ths at Alb”,

 

 

 

 

 

In.“ Wall. DEEP Throat was presented as a scxrtcc to
“1‘: sUNY/t community. Especially to the (3erth hours.

MAY 6, 1977

 

 

 

 

 

   
 
  

 

' anda' 'g’reerf_blotlse'{that-.gbrought'out the color bf-her' ~
' ‘ i'ltleritfsheareterred. magistrate: .4 ‘
I I " I.was in thehospittil. ' r
'd cal Center.’alter Which I 9'

eyes.." The cutting"-
paralyzed l'r'omfthe

    

went back to‘schooli'n November 1976.“ .
, Shearanged to:tal<el'one't'hre'e—credit independent.
study course. “That ‘was‘ my adjustment period,‘,"she

semester. and made up lost credits in summer school.

“In August I wentto Canada to see the Wheelchair
Olympics," Jayne recalled, smiling enthusiastically. “I
was very. very. very inspired there. because I saw
people from all over the world who. although disabled,
were able to participate in competitive sports.“

“Wheelchair sports are recognized not only fortheir
therapeutic value, but also as competitive sports
themselves.“ she noted. “just as any sport is. One ofthe
most satisfying experiences I‘ve had this year has been
training for competitive swimming."

By ALICE KOHN
Amongst the distinguished faculty at SUNYA\
ranks Giose Rimanelli. a prominent author and critic
whose prolific literary achievement has gained
international acclaim.

Professor Rimanelli of the Hispanic and Italian
Studies Department is a renowned free-thinker and
artist possessing a multitude of talents and skills as a
novelist. journalist. poet. critic. lecturer, teacher,
musician. and painter. In 1953 he was presented the
Iii-st Novel o/‘th'tj Year Award in his Italian homeland,
in recognition of his best seller entitled The Day q/the
Lion. This book. Written While Rimanelli was still an
undergraduate in' college, proved to be an overnight
success and was later'made into a film. The critics
hailed Rimanelli‘s poignant character portrayal and
dynamic treatment of wartime as a classic literary
contribution. comparing the novel in power and scope
to The Red [Judge of Courage. A Farewell It) Arms and
The Naked and the Dead.

With Original Sin. published the following year.
“Giose Rimanelli turned in a second sterling
performance and established his right to consideration
its an important novelist" raved Max Wliitein his 1954
critical review. Both novels were soon translated into
eight languages. Six years later the author was again
acknowledged this time t or The Best Short Story afthe
it'll! " l he Red Dress"

Rimanelli. a native of Molise. first came to the U.S.
upon the request ol the Library of Congress in
Washington. DC. He isthe firsthand up until now the
only ltiiliati intellectual to have. been inVited to
America by the prestigious Library ofCongressforthe
purpose of developing a series of readings on Italian
literature ()I' honorable mention is Rimanelli‘s Italian

 

   

translation ol Lincoln's “Gettysburg Address". V '
'l‘oday. nearly 25 years after the publication of his

 
 

MAY 6, 1977

wﬁ)wia'i.WNlu~I‘-nhpwintelkrmkwémlmum . ..

 co'm'peti't ,e

 
  
 
  
 

 

explained. Jayne took a full schedule ofclasses the next '

 

 

-‘=- Asa ré§ult='oi‘ hat‘triijayiie‘deci'ded‘to ta‘ke‘u'p'.’ '_
, twimming, and hopefully enter the- 
‘ Wheelchair Olympics? “This year I‘ve started ‘ ‘
3. swimm‘ing'eVeryvday. Sherri Cassuto. my-coaeh,.has  - , ‘
"(given 'upzmuch-i'oIi-her time andfenergy to help. me 

A ‘Vprepare,,t'orrzcompetitioiifishe said. “Her dedication"
‘ , '. and. enthusiasm. ha "been a major factor in motivating
- .triefﬁdaynelwillswhn
. “Competition this-June.-  '

  

 

' "the National Wheelchair Swim .
The Olympics ‘ciassii'ie's you washings?
_tion is fair-gas it is between people '.

bridged the tWo'world's." ‘ ‘

'v ‘.‘I teach .sWimming now. I used to be a swimming ‘

instructor before my accident.‘3 she added as another
example. “The first time I came in'. one of the guy's said.
'Ma'y I help you‘!‘lsaid.'l'mthe assistant instructor!”

She smiled at the recollection then. assuming an air
of intensity. stressed. “There are many things that you
can‘t do. but there are also manythings you can do.
These things are so much better. Like swimming. It‘s
my freedom now. It‘s When I can leave the Wheelchair
behind." "I H r

“My personal feeling.“ Jayne said. “is that it's more
important for disabled persons to do something with
their lives." She spoke about how people stereotype

Rimanelli: Prolific, Prestigious,
Prominent and Plurilingual

first book. Rimanelli has amassed quite an extensive
collection of works—l4 volumes in all. including
novels. poetry. plays. critical essays and translations of
literature from several languages such as Latin, Greek
and Provencal. With all due foresight and respect for
posterity. Rimanelli has generously donated 25 cases
of his manuscripts. many of which have been left
unpublished. to the Fisher Rare Book Library of the
University of Toronto. There are also letters from his
private collection of correspondence with world-wide
celebrities housed at the Fisher Library. Among such
personalisties are Albert Camus. Cesare Pavese.
William Faulkner. TS. Eliot and Anais Nin. He has
donated the letters of Ezra Pound to the Albany State
Library.

Rimanelli is a plurilinguist, and his writing work in
English is also quite impressive. Besides the critical
unthOIOgy Modern‘ Canadian Stories and Italian
Literature: Roots and Branches. he has composed a
beautiful book of visual poetry for children in
collaboration with the late Professor Paul Pimsler,
called Poems Make Pictures. Pictures Make Poems.

The latest novel published by Rimanelli is Grafﬁti.
which first appeared in Italy in February ofthis year. It
is presently being translated into English, French and
German. The noted critic Giambattista Faralli has
already written his own book analyzing and
commenting uponthis most unique work of Rimanelli.
Nowadays more and more young Italian scholars are
turning their attention to his works with such powerful
enthusiasm as to be satirically rcproached by other
critics for an affliction which they call “acute
Rimanellism.“

Not very long ago. English author Anthony Burgess
Wrote in the Times Literary Supplemrnt of London
that the creative linguistic work of Rimanelli reminds
him of that of James Joyce. adding. “I have observed

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

Jayne_

 

.  .cabaldiving‘againione‘year. al‘te'r'm'y‘l";
’ ccident;.f‘.J‘ayne'coiiti‘nued..“lt was really great to do- - ‘
‘ something I did before (the accident). It kind of'

 
 
 

' reasons]

and" ii
he are its _.

“personally. y " gry  
important cha‘ngesthut have I n_ eld -Up.j‘.]_1aype.did- ~
not want to-go into any spcscilic examples personal.

.ltiyne thought for a moment. thenvsaid. “I look back.
and I look at‘ What I‘ve done'in the last two years. and
'l‘m-rcally'happy. I‘m really optimistic about the future.

“Some people tell me that you can do anything you

want. which is not true." she declared. “But'the most
important things have not been taken aWay from me:
love.work and knowledge. No one can take them.
away.“ '
Jayne smile. gathered up her books. and wheeled
away to her next class. Jayne is one person who is
doing something with her life. regardless of her‘
handicap.

 

 

Glose Rimanelll. a dlstlngullhed SUNVA professor
and wrlter. Is the subject of a 391 page doctoral
dissertation, which has recently arrived from Italy.

for about ten years the slow metamorphosis of Giose
Rimanelli from best-selling Italian realist to European-
American avant-gardiste.“ Burgess was referring
particularly to a novel written in English by Rimanelli
entitled Benedetto in Gaysterland, which he wrote on
campus for the sole purpose of amusing his colleagues
and students.

The book is a brilliant and masterful play on words
confounding and bedazzling its readers with a wide
complexity of intricate structures carefully blending
together semantics. orthography and syntax. Author-
professor Eugene Mirabelli of the Albany State
English Department Wrote of. Benedetta In
Gaysterland: "It is a mad. obsessed book—a poet‘s
nightmare . . . It is a fantastic braiding together of
sentences into it design which shifts and alters as we
look at it. a kaleidoscope which changes at the'sliglitest
nudge. To read this novel is to recapture the
disorienting shock which was felt by those revieWers or
50 years ago who saw Picasso's new paintings with

 

continued on pageja J

PAGE 8A

 

 

  

      
     
 
   
      
    
       
    
    
     
    
    
     
     
     
    
 
 

  
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
     
   
  
       
   
     
    
  
  
   
 
  
   
 

   

Catt

      
        
         
    

