 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
    

  
  
       
     
    
   
 
   
     
 

  

  

 
 

  

  
 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
 

     

 

 

  

 

 

   
  
     
  
   
 

 

in ion IIANII

Beginning this Sunday. the University
Art Gallery will honor the art of its late
director Don Mochon with a massive
exhibit of drawings. watercolors and
paintings. Ratherthan a memorial tribute
to this beloved artist. the exhibition sets
forth in joyous celebration.

Mochon. born in Troy. graduated from
Renssclacr Polytechnic Institute with a
degree in architecture. After continuing
his studies at MIT and the Brooklyn
Museum Art School. Mochonjoinedthe
faculty of RPI in I946. On three
occasions he served as the Acting Dean of
the School of Architecture. Later he
served as a consultant on physical
planning to the State University of New
York, and as a result ofthis relationship.
be left RPI in l9bbto establish the new art
gallery at SUNYA. Mochon directed the
University Art Gallery until the time of
his death in November I976.

Mochon drew all the time. His
drawings display a delicate blend of
humor and wit. humanity and

misMMtﬂMﬂ, far/tits we!

 

By JONATHAN HODGES

(jlug. glug.

The usual Sunday brunch group was
calmly wrestling with UAS bagels in the
Alden/Waterbury cafeteria when the
noise began.

 

 

 

 

 

 

. Is This theEnd? 'w:i=*-5~5H’EREW’°"R
; . I r . GoVERNMENT JUST [Ni/ENTEESP A
, - . . . - ‘I 0
continued from page 44 that'we have for ﬂexibility and quality of NEW WWW" “19.03.22 I; 4212K -
4. Testin rele'v t ' ‘ ‘ ' r I ’ ' THE-OZONE LP" ‘ I f
. 3. an provmons of theJ serVIoe. .  . ARE” PERmmNG DEN-rimomnott v ,
' tentative contract already developedthat- 4. There would be more lime ‘0 50'“ FRowi THE SUN TU COME WWI .
~ Wflglgnltended to gauge the performance the other. issues including the employee THERE-By PESTROYNG “*5 Emile!" _.
o A. . . problem if a dectiiion to adopt CDTA Biomass OF THE MER- soonDs 
Advanted of atrial period wouldinclude: were found desirable. ' '5
I. If performance is not satisfactory. we- i understand that this proposition 5"“ Km "N1
‘ would have retaincdthe capability to re- means some limited negotiations
. establish our own total system. The buses notwithstanding the opposition that V
Will be retained for the trial period. might continue on campus. However, I
i 2. CDTA could enter into a contract see it asagenuine opportuiiityto evaluate
.' that would result in matching Federal the feasibility of atotal arrangement with
funds. , ' ' , CDTA and at the same time. be
1!. Ample time would be provided to responsive to concerns expressed by
validate or disprove the many concerns external ﬁscal authorities.
i
‘2.
. .4'.
‘ 
“Nahum tr .7 .
: rag LLENDL'L ,. '..
a _. veg: 
1., ~—— '
x4.
“ 0 a
menu: FOR: g"
J
m}. m is": . am} I SUNYA ANNUAL EUROPEAN SKI
time I. ii. iii-rcriia-ririi-iiiir p “"9"” 8‘ C'°“‘°”""Y)
1, M NATI- beam. aOARDS - nunsmo BOARDS " “agent's :sw'nzerl and 1978
§ g m? "um. How-m. "our. also}an Physical Education credit (inc. instruction)
.  ﬂier-e rs a difference!!!
For Int tl Pl :
v hung?” °"‘ again” Jon. 6-14. 1978 ZERMATT 5585
§ amigo my" “Iv. “2” Jan. 13-2], l978 VERBIER $650
\ u'n'n'iii'i'i ’ iii: £311!“ INCAYIONALCIN'IIHLVD Jun. 6-21.1978 ZERMATT a VEBIER $885
Mb 55 1:31 "IIAIAYION
183.3r‘m:.(5Aivgy 439.9145! sncuusvs SINCI rose For more information contact:
' m‘mtilrldv'lffos.‘ I P a” ummﬂg'r" mm SchoMIrlofogq MorFan' 5‘8'457'65‘5
u s a . .State Only citt run run: m2 - ° "'"'"° "5 "°
' Contmln Mnloruscltlutoronto.Puma Rleoand tuunzii?;vill'tzzertlnd Alb StilNYYA 12222 518.861.6216 (home)
any, . . .
‘7 jinn/ed by .ilmli'lil u.\'.\‘ut'iuliull — A M V .
n I I ‘
Sesquicentennial Anniversary  )  “I” q ltl '
c . _ l . . )lllL ting
elebration C .
l .
oiiitoi t nl 
New York State abolishci. slavery l50 years ago. This law
was passed Jo years belo"e the National Emancipation
Proclamation
lhe Scsquicentennial Celebration will reaffirm our state‘s
commitment to human cqiiility and racial harmony. This
historic anniversary is an occasion to celebrate New York
State's leadership role and i'cdedicate ourselvesto the ideals of
lrccdoin and opportunity for all.
Proclamations for this historic event will be issued by:
Governor Hugh ('iirey for the State
Mayor Erastus (‘orning for Albany
1" Acting President Vincent O‘l.eary for
f i , V the University at. Albany
l he datc ol the Sesquicentennial Anniversary Celebration is
Sunday. November l3. I977.
.‘V
i, i The Unitersity at Albany is the official sponsor for the mom
 . ._ event of this celebration. A Sesqulcentennlal Anniversary ‘r' i‘
i; ’1 Banquet and Dance will be helilinthe South Mall convention " " ‘ ‘ ’ ' "
‘- . .3 ‘Hall from 5 pm to I am.'l‘hc program will fenturethe following
' I attractions: (8:0 87.10031 Easy to Sit)- Dellclousl
“ g ' I I r ' . om ort s unlike any other liquor.
l. Banquet honoring living ielatnes ol l-redcrick Douglass. It mSteS goodjust d
‘ § noted Abolitionist. That‘s why it mak poure over ice.
. ll. Keynote address by Congressman Parrcn Mitchell. taste much b t es mixed drinks
V Chairman of the National Congressional Black Caucus. S h e ten too' Sip into
’2 i Ill. Response by the Honorable Wilhelmina Rolark. omet mg comfortuable'
 President of the National Association of Black Women 1  -
A Attorneys. l
Your suppon will greatly ct liancc the success ofthis historic'
.5; Scstiuiccntcnnial. ‘ .
. Banquet Tickets are $I0 -  ‘ ‘ . ﬁve" MILK!
‘ Get yours now! 0  .
 Tickets ("‘1' on .fllfl' in NW ~ ~ . - v ‘-
3 L .8' ,Il ( 'onlui'l Ofﬁce I i I/ii' ("i/input ('i'ItIt'r. cunmmmmw ‘
I SDuliftltlt rowan contention. ionrniiur lluuluﬂ. si lOUlS. an um
i“ PAGE 2A

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS
’3

OCTOBER 28, 1977

l

OCTOBER 28, 1977

 

compassion. The bulk of work in this
depict this dialectic; as George Rickey.
friend and sculptor. wrote in the
exhibition catatlog.“For Don was a rare
satirical observer. endowed with
conscience. insight. sympathy. and an
exceptional command ofgraphic means.“

Abstraction was not Moehon‘s calling.
Instead, he remained within the world of
the figure. producing through the years
hundreds of comical renderings of people
and events. Utilizing magic markers.
pencil. pen and ink. watercolor and
gouache. he designed catalogs. posters
and interdepartmental memoes.

Rickey comments. “his style was
gentle. but his hand was sure." And
Nancy Liddlc. present gallery director.
adds. “Don Mochon‘s wonderful and
witty drawings brought so much pleasure
to so many people throughout the world.“

Each year at RPI and at SUNYA.
Mochon auctioned off dozens of his
drawings. at prices usually beginning at
twenty-five cents. The thousands of
dollars raised was donated to the art
department. Mochon‘s generosity was
limitless.

A public reception will be held on Oct.
30 from noon until 5:00 pm. The public is
invited and those who have any Mochon
works are asked to bring them that day
and become an “instant lender“ to the
exhibition. 'l he gallery staff will hang the
pieces. and they will he returned at the
close of the exhibition on Nov. 27.

The glassy eyed O‘Heany inhabitants
began to stir our of their morning fog at
ihe sound. A strange sound. An evil
sound. lull of malevolent intent.

Squish. squish. glug. glug.

The sound had caught the attention of
the cafeteria. Ey ‘ began to stare in

   

e Machine

in Joyous Cele” “rating
Artistic Wit

    

 

 

d]

 

 

,v
I

r

 

horror at the scene that was unfolding
outside of the window. in the courtyard
proper.

"The ground. it‘s moving!“ cried 1.
frightened freshman co—cd. obviously not
used to moving ground.

Sure enough. like

some living

     

UP5/ STEVE KUNEIMIG

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

a“)?n Mocha

TEST  “0723’ , . 
(1.,Waae. 12, (nous) j r V  

Echoed in the Sound of Sewage

 
   

 

nightmare. the ground outside tossed and
turned. seemingly possessed by an
intelligence that guided its movements.

The boy beside me quivercd and
quaked. A transfer from ()swego. he had
not yet recovered from seeing “Night of
the Living .Dead“ the day before. “It:
moving courtyard wasjust too much for
him. He was bagged. It was a classic.

“My God. it‘s sewage backing up.“
shouted a geology major in disgust.
“There‘s yesterday‘s dinner. 'l‘here's
yesterday‘s lunch. l’hcrc‘s last month‘s
breakfast."

The nights were the worse. Lying in bed
and waiting for sleep. one could hear the
soft manner of the courtyard. Ulug.

During the day. volleyball games sank
slowly into the sludge. How many l‘urry
Hoops were last the first week. is perhaps
an cngima that will be pondered for years.

Yet all was not lost. One day a
champion arose. A creature from out of
the past that could manipulate the mud.
and sift through the sludge.

lt ripped through the courtyard.
gobbling huge chunks of land in its
massive mouth. creating mounds of
sewage saturated soil. l)o\vn into the
bowels of Alumni it went. reeking
destruction on the gliig. glugs.

There was no contest. Primeval force
took its expected toll. lhe machine of
destruction made the ground silent once
again.

The glassy eyed look has returned to
the Sunday brunch group. People once
again sleep at night. The volleyball Hoops
have given way to the football Nuds.

The drainage problem at Alumni has

 

been solved.

PAGE 3A

_J

   

   
 
  

  

 

"i
i
.

.. __ “MM”--- Audi... a A .

 

