 

 

   
  
 

helii'AibanijAttidiéb’t Frasier/law

 

_   ' Vly’DAVID'V‘GOLDHlRSCH  
  Lancelotivdu, Lach ,Qir'ector._Rober_t
' Breason's contributionto the enormous
body of legends concerning King Arthur.
It. is» quite evident. from"'the.ivery first
scene‘in thc‘rftlm. that we are not being
ireated to a bit of medieval charm. The
message is quite clear: there was more to
do in those daysthan rescue fair damsels.
This is not‘exaetly a new idea. This par-
ticular framing. however. was certainly
'different from anything I had ever seen.

 

In place of “Camelot: representative of
the Code of Chivalry.“ we'were shown
“Camelot: place of indecisive. very cruel
and / or weak people.“ The opening scenes
dealt a swift and fatal blow tovthe ideas of
chivalry; the idea of bypassing someone's
armor by shoving your sward up his groin
was no doubt authentic. yet I could have
done without the hiss of the resultant
spray of blood.
In all fairness. most of the blood was
foreeably hidden from the audience.
Suggestive sounds were employed. Ac-
tions tended to become more and more
violent as they were repeated. for exam-
ple. Lancelot‘s great jousting scene starts
off with off-camera thuds and groans.
and winds upshowin'g a bloodied man be-
ing carried away.
()dd Touches

There were some rather odd touches in
the film. For one. the action continually
shifted between bright. loud violence to
dark. somber dialogue (particularly
between Lancelot and Guinevere.) The
effect is jarring. but endlessly repeated.
The dialogue'as a whole was quite stiff
and unnatural. It seemed like everyone
was a bit stoned and had been propped up
with their own armor. Contrasted with
this stiffness was lively movement of the
feet. The movie must have spent 50 per-
cent of its time showing off the feet of
horses and ﬁghting men. While the shots
of armed riders' feet in the saddle (con-
trasted with the lively. unfettered feet of
their horses) were usually interesting.

 

  

/ \

.////|\\\

.9.an

 

Q§~m

 

artnérArtsv'  

of Myth i

nothing but scorn for the lady. (a nurse, a
nun. and a wife to one of his cousins) who
cares for Iancelot when he is wounded.
andthen prostrates herself in tlie mud to
kiss the ground where his horse stood.
It is extremely cold. not to mention
sickly film. Arthur‘s problem is how to see
the Justice which he himself created done
on his adulterous wife and best friend.
Lancelot's problem is that. by killing tw0
of the three remaining Gawaine brothers
(Gahers and Gaherth). he creates a war
betWeen himself and his two best friends
(C... ..' and Arthur). not to mention

 

they become a bit frustrating when
repeated for an hour and a half.

I suppose photographer Pasqualino de
'Santis was striving to illustrate the
stiffness ofthe armor contrasting with the
human motion. lfthis was the case. then.
for me at least. it fails out of sheer ob-
viousness and tenacity. It worked in the
joust. for I saw more and more of the ac-
tion. thereby increasing suspense.
However. watching Guinevere and
Lancelot shuffle around with bowed
heads (indeed. whenever I did see their
heads). mumblingthings I 'could hear ina
soap opera. was a little much to bear.

Lancelot. the greatest knight of all time. is
wracked with self-imposed guilt because
he promised to bring back the Holy Grail
(and failed). He believes that it is his sinful
relationship with Guinevere which has
caused this. therefore he wants to end the
relationship. This is not the kind of dis-
cussion which promotes the more savage
aspects of the Dark Ages; and if Lancelot
is some hero out of another age. he is cer-
tainly a very neurotic one. He is also ex-

tremely weak. for ten minutes later we :

find him trying to make love with the
Queen.

The Queen was rather pretty. though I
saw her but rarely in the impenetrable
gloom. (she managed to hold her head,
bowed throughout the movie). If she was
feeling the emotions she mumbled about.
then she must have been hurt to the point
of insensitivity —— for she seemed ready

for a long rest. The one time Lancelot
tries to make love to her (that we see). she
stops him and tells him’to come back the
next night. ,

The dialogue was filled with little bits
of philosophical fire. such as: “I swore an
oath to God to bring back the Holy
Grail." and “God's holiness is not a relic
to be brought back.“

I was fortunate in that i understand
French. Otherwise I might have blamed
lines like Arthur‘s obsessive: "Perfect
yourselves.“ on the translator. I also had a
hard time with the characterization of
King Arthur‘s bastard son. Mordred
(who is supposed to be absolutely in-
famous). which was summed up by
Gawaine: "He can't do anything like
anyone else.“ Similarly. when Lancelot
forgets about his religious problem and
confronts Guinevere with his love: “It’s
your body that I want;" this is a strange
way of representing medieval warriors.
One continually feels that some hero is
being idolized. perhaps the alienation ofa
true individual in a barbaric society. The
dialogue would seem to contradict this.
for it is amazingly trivial.

lam completely at a loss to explain the
I974 Cannes Film Festival international
Critic’s Award. which the picture was
awarded. Again. if the ﬁlm symbolized
relationshipsthrough contrastingimages.
if is extremely boring as a story of “what
the good—old days were really like." As the
latter. it is neurotic and weak. I have

leaving Guinevere to be burned alive. By
rescuing her. which is the action demand-
ed by the code of honesty Arthur taught
him. Lancelot dooms himself to banish-
n‘lent.

None ofthis was present inthe film. lfl
had not known the story to begin with.l
would have been completely at a loss. If
Lancelot were as simple as I perceived
him to be in the film. his only problem
would have been how to smuggle
Guinevere to France. where both ofthem
rightfully belong. The excuse of his "sin"
is initially inadequate. and finally
forgotten. '

Saving Grace

There was. however. one saving grace. _
1

in the form of two scenes. The ﬁrst is the
shot of the rider‘s spurs (it lasts for about
i0 seconds). which is‘ visually perfect. The
second scene is the last. Though com-
pletely senseless (and inaccurate. for
whatever that really means when dealing
with legends). it was truly electrifying.
One watched in fascinated horror as the
last knight staggers through underbrush
and trees. only to drop dead on a pile of
other dead knights.

Perhaps this film is symbolic in mean-
ing. lcunnot judge one way or' another on
this point. If it is representative oftoday‘s
society. then it is indeed a black picture.
Maybe lam not in the right frame ofmind
for it. but i found it sadly lacking in
interest.

 

 

Recreation Hall

Wed. March 16

MandatoryhterestMeet'ng
9pm

I

BOOK EXCHANGE '

----------------..

Anyone who left books at the

 
 

 

By SUSAN. E. MILLER

And ELLEN WEISS
When attending a concert, most people
expect the artist to give a 100% effort.

Kenny Rankin did not put his all into last .

Thursday night's concert at Page Hall on
the dowmown campus! ’

Bat. McGrath, a country-rock trio
opened the evening. Three guitars provid-
ed an appropriate background for the
catchy lyrics. ~r _

Each song was a mini-ballad. describ-
ing a true human experience or feeling.
One song dealt with growing old in the

, United States. Another. entitled “Crab-

by." described getting up in the morning
and the art of napping in the afternoon.

The audience often joined in rhythmic
handclapping. McGrath had an excellent
rapport with the audience and began each

Why Hanna's Skirt Won't Stay Down
SUNYA Experimental Theatre
Friday March ll.and Saturday March l2.
By SANDY ROBINSON

You know you are in the fun house im-
mediately. even before you enter the
arena theatre. Barker. effectively played
by Lawrence Greenfield. greets the
waiting crowd. face painted. black bow
tie. hat and cane in hand. “Step right up
folks.“ are his words, followed by a tip of
the hat and open doors. Lawrence Green-
field‘s performance was superb. His voice
and style couldn't come closer to the

all know.

The action follows the audience until
,they haveﬂtaken their seatsvin the circular
theatre. Once seated. Mr. Greenfield eon-
tinues his enthusiastic dialogue. The
audience becomes involved immediately.
They are spontaneously asked to take
part in card tricks and guessing games.
The interest of the audience was sparked.
perfect preparation for the action to
come.

Hanna. played by Debora Beechcrt.
enters the stage. her eyes scanning the
audience as she moves about. The next
thing you know. she‘s standing above a
“breeze-hole.“ her flimsy skirt flying as
she emulates an orgasm. Debora‘s
gestures. moans. and sighs were a riot.

Her performance was genuinely funny
and very amusingto watch. The character
Hanna. is a former 42nd street worker.
Her New York accent is strong and her
demeanor. sassy and crude. Debora was
able to maintain a very stable and highly
convincing presentation throughout the

   

master of ceremonies ofthe fun house we-

   

   

 

set wia humorous storyr-The'audience.
was impressed and called the group out
for. an encore. , i V

Kenny Rankin began with “She’s A
Lady." from the Silver Morningalbum. It«
was apparent from the start that he was-
not “into"- being in Albany giving a con-
cert., He was'indifferent to the audience
and was not putting forth a great deal of
effort.

Clad in a red ﬂannel shirt. jeans and
sneakers. Rankin was backed up by one
bass player. The instrumentation and
harmony that make Rankin a special ar-
tist Were lacking. The two men were not
able to obtain a rich. full sound.

Each set was f ollowed'by an anecdote
about his probation officer. his hard-
earned salary. getting stoned. or the trials
and tribulations of being a musician.

Praise for Hanna

play. At times her New York accent
slipped. but she was quick to retrieve it
again. As Hanna paces the stage telling
her life story; she is able to involve the
audience. Her conversation is chatty.
almost as if you were her close friend.
Debora was terrific. comically ex-
aggerated and very believable.

Arizona. played by Steve Bookbinder.
is the last of the three characters in the
play. His entrance is silent while Hanna
continues her dialogue. Arizona is a very
self-centured. self-infatuated character.
As he disrobes to a mere swimsuit-brief.
he converses with the audience about his
wonderful and unique image. Steve's
ability to characterize this excessively
vain figure is clearly evident. As Sieve
amazes the mirror. his body amazes the
audience. The character is so ridiculous
that he‘s laughable. Steve‘s matter-of—fact
style has its impact when he remarks. “I
love myscifand myscifloves me." The line
is terrific.

The play is basically a re-enactment of
past experiences. Hanna and her
customers. and Arizona and his affairs.
Both Steve and Debora did a fincjob. The
play comes to an end rather quickly.
Barker‘s voice is overheard announcing
the side shows. one feature being “Why
Hanna‘s Skirt Won‘t Stay Down.“ Han-
na. unhappy at the thought of being a
“side show." returns to her “breeze-hole."
and Steve to his mirror. Together they
stand like statues. still and silent. Barker
enters the stage. makes the announce-
ment again. and leaves. A very humorous
play is touched with sadness and pity. The
lights go out and thissuperior playcnds.

ﬁmmwmimﬂfﬁr

‘t

y I As"the'evening pi‘ used‘

became jumbled. H v . _
trollably at his own-hump The audience .
responded by laughing also; it was'not
clear if it Was with him. or at him.
> There is no doubt Rankin isatalented
musician though it was not evident ’
Thursday night. His past four albums are
well produced and are the hallmark of a
hard working. dedicated artist.

However. when people pay to see a
concert. they want the artist to perform.
His getting wasted on stage isnot the es-

 
 

‘plus'aiudience. Heshowed his taleni by y
. playing most of hispopu‘lar songs. He I

‘ respect.
V Albany.

 
  
            

 
 
 

 

musicians. Rankincha

  

treated his audience .with care and
the way'he should have in

‘ Kenny Rankin is a‘versatile performer. '

' If he wants to make it. he will have to
clean up'his‘act. ' ' '

‘Godspeil’ Heavenly

By ELLIOT SCHER

When I was assigned the task of review-
ing this past Friday night‘s performance
of Gar/spell. held on the main stage in the
Performing Arts Center. the skeptic in-
side me immediately arose. I doubted a
play whose songs and theme had been
around for close to five years could excite
an audience. many of whom had already
seen plays and movies of the same title.
However. from the very first song. it was
obvious that this would not be a night for
the skeptics of the world to cherish.

This performance of Godspell was in-
deed. a truly enjoyable event. Its songs
and dance were more than enough to
please Godspell fans of old. while the
enthusiasm and originality of the cast
turned many first-timers into lifelong
fans.

The play began slowly. opening with
almost all of the performers dressed in
black pants and grey sweatshirts. each
bearing the name of the character being
portrayed. In addition. the stage
decorations consisted of onlythree yellow
planks and two table bases. surrounded
by a semi-circular cage-like fence. For a
moment this apparent lack of preparation
baffled me. but within seconds the stage
exploded. .

The action began with Prepare Ye the
Way ofthe Lord. aliver song and dance
involving lots of confetti and culminating
with all but two ofthe performers in the
aisles. a finale used repeatedly with great
success.

As the play progressed. the dancing
continued to be entertaining. While not
overpowering the audience with intricate
patterns. its quick tempo and constant
motion from one ofthe stage to the other
seemed like the perfect complement to the
songs being performed. The musical
background for the dances was equally'
superb. using anywhere from country-
westcrn tunes to well-known melodies in
effectively blending with the

choreography. ' ' I

While the cast was clearly at its best
during the song and dance portions. the
dialogue was. by no means. under par.
Varying away from the traditional
Godspell script. many modern day lyrics
were added. ranging from one line
laughers (“Go mind the pigs." "Okay.
that‘s swine with me.”) to a lengthy take-
off on Let's Make a DealThese gags all
seemed good and served as an excellent
interlude between the song and dance
numbers. In addition. as I learned from
one of the cast members after the perfor-
mance. all of these new lines were written
by the actors themselves. As he explained.
“We're constantly updating the script
with new lines. Someone might be sitting
around and come up with something
fresh and if most of us like it. we‘lljust put
it in.“ Indeed. this dialogue was a major. if
not a necessary part in the success of the
performance which might have otherwise
suffered due to a number of relatively
long interludes between musical pieces.

A final credit which should be given to
the cast was that rare quality of true
enthusiasm which seemed to radiate out
during each sentence of dialogue and
throughout each song and dance. Sitting
in the audience. there were times when I
simply couldn‘t help but elup my hands or
tap my feet. There was a sense of oneness
with those on stage which made the in-
divitlual all the more in touch with the
main theme of love for the Lord.

(fruit/It'll was a rare example of a play
that youjust didn‘t want to see end. From
the beautiful vocals to the dancing to the
dialogue. it continued to sthc. The entire
cast was ﬂawless. but special mention
should be made of Donald Shannon. who
portrayed Judas. and David Morgan.
who gave an absolutely spectacular per-
formance as Jesus. After tonight. the cast
continues north to complete a two-week
tour of the eastern colleges and then
heads west to finish out the season.

 

 

 

 

r
_ r
1
I

:‘gAf

    
    
   
   
   
     
 
       
  

 

 

 

Dutch Quad Penthouse Book Exchange. or who has The contract for The Aeolian
g0 ’0  SA  Ofﬁce BELL LINEN SERVICE Chamber Players 

with your receipt by Tuesday

March 22. ua'llpreaenttltefollauingprogmn

Wed. March 23
smart RecitaIHalIPAC

Manlnus/Madrl ll Sonata
Debussey/Vlol n Sonata

is up for renewal.
~

We are seeking student feedback
about the linen service.

i
z
. money coming to them, please
l
l
l
l

HULLA BALDD

Brings back to the area for Zweeks

LUCKY DAY

Thursday - Sunday

 

 

  
  
 
  
 
 
 

   

 

 

 

  
 
     
     
  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

1
Thursday Night Special: Watch for Whg'lleveusn l P’Cked “P by deadline is no longer dd H t
rereva e, . r l commens c b’EI Eh [At
Molsogs (ioldcn Ale  Please 0 ress yqur w er;  34,6 Brahitilsn/ITIGo fir]: I‘Clrtcr'lri’eut. 21c“: {glam
ﬁling? In Concert pro and con, to Rich Green erg. . i a .
1006 6". 5L "mu..." 436mm 47 Funded by Student Association J [um/ed by .vtudenl association Spam-med by Mum. Cmmmfunded hy SA
PM“ mum ALBANY STUDENT "was MARCH 15. 1977 MARCH 15, 1977 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS may; um.th or! IN 

 

" rm  ~

 

.. 3....» -V t  .. .. ..

