...\«t .‘3 ~ maﬁva —.

,...

t

I, l‘ ._..-.a

. .wmu—

«.2:

 

 

 

 

Featuring:

Keith 8:1 Donna Godchaux,
John Kahn 8: Ron Tutt

Thursday, Dec. 8th at 8 pm
At the Palace Theatre

GOOD TICKETS ON SRLE NOW
In SR Contact Office

$4.00 & $4.50 w/tax $6.00 & $6.50 w/out

Also available at:
Palace Theatre and Just-A-Song

Bus Tickets on sale at SA Contact Office -

 

 

only $.50 RT

.___..._/

 

Employment Opportunity _
Damp Dippikiii - Intersesslon
(2 positibns)
Applications may now be obtained in the SA Dillce (00-346)
for employment at Camp Dippikiii during intersession. Your
service will consist of heavy physical labor working in the
camp’s wood lot letting, cutting and hauling firewood.
—u-——-n——D—
The main qualtlcation is that you are in
excehnt physical condition and
wlng to work out-oi-doors all day.
The job will begin on Monday. Januaryz
and finish on or before Wednesday, January 18.
—cr———-r:r—o—
We will work ten tl-hour days. The weather will determine
days on and days off the job. The pay will be $220.00.
Student tax paying undergraduates only. Room provided
but not board; complete kitchen available.
—a——n————a—
Appiications must be returned to tic-346 no later than

Wednesday, December 7.
and you will be contacted by phone no later than
Friday. December 16. if you have the job.
—a—-——u———-o———
A complete listing of successful applicants and alternates
will be posted in 00—346 on December 16.
Interviews required for top applicants.

 

 

 

IMMIZA WEEKEND

50PM presenls

Won’t Get Fooled Again

by Peter S. Levy

The most obvious case is conscious and
deliberate. You say eomethingyou don't quite
mean. You know you don‘t mean it. but you
say it anyhow. This situation describes the
deliberate liar. Alternatively, the entire
process can take place on a subconscious level.
You are truly unaware that your words
conﬂict with your beliefs. in this case. only
hindsight can prove the discrepancy.

in this permutation of words. I will describe
a process I call “getting fooled". This process
can occur anytime. anywhere, involving
anyone. It merely presupposes a geographical
fault line separating what you honestly believe
from what you say. or stipcrficially believe.
Thus there are two facets of the “getting
fooled” process. The first occurs when you
vcrbttlize a thought conscioust contrary to
your inner belief. The second facet. far more
devastating. occurs when you outer belief
conllicts with your true. inttcr hclicl'. You
actually believe what it is yott are saying or
thinking. This is the heart of getting fooled.

'lltcrc is a delicate iinc separating iho.c
times you arc trttly getting Ioolcd from those
lintcs yott't'c not. It you Hill) and
wholeheartedly bclictc. lrottt the dccpcst lcycl
itt yoltr conscious. ultal It Is yott ur'c saytrtgmt
what it is that you arc thinking to yourself.
then of course you arc rtol bcing loolcd It is
those times when you think yott bclictc your
conscious thoughts. but tltcrc is a small
margin of hesitation or doubt or thc hack ol
your mind. tltat you lca\c yours-cit open to bc
fooled.

Karl Marx said tltat prolil is accrucd In the
production of a conttttotlrty. httt rcali/cd ortly
when that commodity is sold. lit a \lllllitlr
manner. you tool yorirscll at tltc time your
otttct'helicl first diverges from your ittncr. but
you only rcali/c that \\itt.‘ll you “comic to
terms" with yourself. when you accept your
tnncr belicl. It is at this point at
comprehension tltal you fittally rcalr/c you'tc

been fooled by yourself. There is no other to
blame. and no amount of rationalization can
alter the truth.

Coming to terms with yourself is a
conscious clearing experience because it
removes that margin of doubt in the back of
your mind. You have faith in your true belief.
and faith in yourself. However. this conscious
clearing probably first surfaces-as confusion
when you don‘t really know what you believe.
That's one of the reasons it‘s hard to come to
terms. Another is that you just may not want
to face your trite belief. It may be painful to do
so. or your true belief may not be desirable to
you. For example. you may state. and even
superficially believe. that you rtre ttot

prejudice. You may everi' pride yourself on
being non judgemental. nephews. however.’
prejudice can exist. Being consciously aware~
that you are prejtrdicc'tvould conﬂict with
your superﬁcial belief. so you may try to"
suppress your true. inner belief. ‘

You may seek justiﬁcation by sayingthat it
is a human trait which compels individuals to

avoid discovering their true beliefs when it .

may be difficult or painful to do so. It is easier
to trust your outer thought and be content.
than discover your inner thought and be
forced to come to terms with yourself. This
would be true if you could fool yourself
indeﬁnitely. never discovering your true
belief. In these circumstances. the outer belief
will never conﬂict with the inner. However. I
believe it is nearly impossible for this inner-

Thc duration ofthc inner-outer conﬂict is in
outer conflict to never surfrtcc. Sooner or

direct proportion to the“ '

pdin‘tli‘e rational . '

'process.ctabo'ssea."l'lie longer; the  belief.

remains’subdtied. are moﬁ‘imbeddcdlthe' ,.
outer belief  It then becomes harder
and harder to ‘acccpt the inner belief. and its
final acceptance will be an arduous task.

In the last analysis. there in no benefits to .
getting fooled. Being fooled into-a belief only
shadows your true belief. it does not replace it.
You cannot remove the doubt in your mind
until you accept your inner belief. Coming to
terms with yourself may be difficult. painful.
and hard to face, but it will lead to a more
confident individual who is sure of his beliefs.

These ideas are merely those of one
individual expressing his inner thought. They
cannot be considered facts. and can be
accepted or rejected by the reader. As you
judge these ideas, be true to yourself. It is all
too easy to fool yourself and be content.

The Student-University Contract

When a student enrolls in a college or
university ltc enters into a contractual
arrangement with that institution. The
consideration frotn the student is the payrttcrtt
oi tttttrott attd Ices arid the pro ntisctoabidc by
tcnsottablc regulations. and lrottt the school
L'UlllL" provision oi academic and other
sci \ ICi:\. the terms of lhccontracl arc fourttl iii
the rclcynnt protrsions in school catalogues.
htillctrns. anti other printed material.
rcprcscntatritns ol \clttlol agents. attd customs
and traditions.

lllL' not are ol a breach cart rttrt thcganttrt ol'
rlltllsL'). as almost all clcmcitts of the student-
scitluil ttlatronslnp arccmcrcd by thctct'ms of
this partially written contract \t'ltosc lcrmsttt'c
plL‘L'L‘Li togcthcr by collecting \arrotts written
and oral representations of the school. To
tccotcr on lill.\ theory. the studcnt allcgcs a
breach ol contract by tltc school that harms
illltl.

li\.tinplcs ol lrcqricnt Institutional abuses
that nould gitc rrsc to valid student claims

IJIIIHI 't \illt'.‘ /'tll'l o/ u may on \llIt/t‘lll Icgril
li/llf’lr’llll lit \Il fi'grl/ iIr/t'itor .lur/t I.l‘.\lt’l’.

 

_

we"

tin file
65ml, 0",”
Brltmtrasm

DELIVERY SERVICE
11 am. - 2 pm.

Daily Monday - Friday to your ofﬁce
in the Academic Podium area.
Call 451-3205

Watch for our daily and weekly

occur when courses that tire promised to be
offered periodically are not offered when
prutttiscd. if at all.

l'rolcssors who are supposed to tcrlch
certain courses orat certain times rtcverdo so.

(“nurses are abruptly cancelled in midterm.

A school fails to give its students thctype of
intellectually stimulating. quality education
they dcsirc. A professor. through inztdvcrtcncc
or itttcrttion. offers a course that could only be
considered of no valuc to tire students

Significant raises in tuition or fee changes
alter a student has cnrollcd arc cffcctivcly
Iot'ccd down ti student's tltroat. since he is too
far along to change his plans (i.c.. thc itL‘tllll'l
ice)

Written statcntcnts in materials such as
school catalogues will constitute most of tire
terms ot the student-university contract but
oral representations of school agents can also
become an element of tire contract.

Students can avoid particularly harsh
aspects of the student-school contractual
relationship by applying the concept of
contracts of adhesion. "Standardized
contracts drafted by powerful commercial

D60. 2

units or insitutions and put before individuals
on the ‘accept this or get nothing‘ basis are
carefully scrutinized by the courts for the
purpose of avoiding enforcement of
‘unconscionablc‘ clauses." The most likely
recovery under this approach would be for
onerous refund policies. loosely resembling
pcnttltics which are generally disallowed in
contract law. A student would thus be able to
receive his entire deposit less actual damages
irtcurrcd by the school. Many aspects of the
housing contract that violate a student's
constitutional rights would thus be
unenforceable based on this theory. This
applies specifically to the university‘s policy of
“warrantlcss” dormitory searches or
inspections.

Policies that refuse to compensate students
for property damages caused by the
university‘s negligence would also be
unenforceable.

University ofﬁcials and students must be
aware that with each new term a new contract
is entered into. with rights and obligations
ﬂowing to each group.

& a '917

Aﬁé %% 1% SATRS

PERFORMING ARTS CENTER THE UNIVERSITY AT ALBANY

WEEK?) &

\\T///—_\\\V///A\\\7L A—

see PM

//Z—f: \

TO THOS€

DEDICATED
WHO DAR€ TO LlV 

A CHOREOPOEM BY CHRISTOPHER N. BUSH
DIRECTED AND CHOREOGRAPHED BY JAMES E. PARKER

specials on full selections of sliced meats,
homemade salads and delicacy
items at our very low prices.

RAMSEY lEWIS

in cancer! a!

Page llall 
0!!

Available daily 2 pm. - 5 pm.
for all your take home needs.

ON THE NOOS€

by SMOCE K

THE HARMFULNESS
5f TOBACCO

BY ANTON CHEKHOV

Homemade rolls and pastries Catering trays
and for all your

rye and pumpemiclde breads. catering needs.

Just another man “AD. is truing IRECTED BY JARKA BURIAN

to strut uuu better V////‘ \\\Y///‘\\V///A ‘\

pick up tickets at box office one hour
FR E E before curtain

Murmur Willa"! “mm “mm” presented by EXPERIMENTAL THEATRE

“6 MMW‘MWW A NDEO Hr SlllDENl ASSOCIAIIO N

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Friday December 3,1977
9:00 pm

  Scattean 2, 1977

u i ‘ tam-on... .... .. ....... I. “In”

 

 

 

 

PAGE THIRTEEN

$4.00 wIID

' sateen- in... .. If,

' "itri‘tittl lawns-u

 

