  
  

' 11:2,lhl's the last day to return tallsemester textbooks for refund
a“: exchange. A valid cash register receipt is. required for all adjustments.
inn—not mark in any book until you are certain that it will not be returned.

New books must be in new condition. The Bookstore assumes no liability
for refunds or exchanges on books incorrectly ordered by an instructor.

FOLLETT SU NY BOOKSTORE

 
 
 

      
 
 

    

    
   
   
  

  

457-3823

  

 

 

Ilheae are many positions which need to be
I e :

“ UAS Membership 'Board

' UAS Board of Directors

SA Communications Department
SA Services Department

SA Grievance Officer

Bus Advisory Committee

Student Dwellings Board of Directors
SA Resource Director

Legal Services Task Force

Bus Liason Committee

SA Afﬁrmative Action Coordinator
Student Activities Coordinator
University Senate Committees
SASU Committee

 

LET YOUR BOREDOm
WORK FOR YOU

 

 

 

TO ALL FRESHMEN:

Because of mailing delays. most freshmen
did not receive the SA summer mailing.
which also included a special chart on
student representation. if you would like
one. stop by the SA office. If not. you will
receive it when you go homeforthe holidays.

 
 

  

funded by studettt association

 

 

 

'-.¢.-.»4..m : I‘

 

 

  

 
  
  

 

By DICK McROBERT
A scrawny girl who looked about I?
walked onto the stage of Saturday Night
Live for a musical segment last summer.
She stood at the mike, closed her eyes,
and began screaming “in order to form a
more perfect Union“ over and over. until
in back of her broke into the Who‘s “My
Generation.“ 50 she joined them. it
seemed that spontaneous, really. They
even smashed their instruments.
Townsend-style. which didn't come off as
impulsive. but it was still alright. I had
never seen or heard her before. but I knew
it had to be Patti Smith.
I knew because there‘s so damned
much written about her. And everything
seems to belittle her either for lousy music
(her new album was described as “four
chords not played well"). or. sin-of-sins,
pretentiousness.
She doesn't take herself that seriously,
though, and her poetry is good enoughto
justify a bigger ego than most so-called
rock-poets already have. Unfortunately.
she must be too serious. because the
masses have so far denied her commercial
success. Most poets in music cannot get a
word published until they‘ve sold a lot of
records. Patte‘s saving grace is her
restraint. not in her own life-style of
course. but in refusing to hit people over
the head with too much philosophy and
not enough rock‘n'roll.
Her reputation has so far been heavy
on the poet-image. Rock critic Robert
Christgau's recent afﬁrmation of Patte in
the Village Voice hardly touched on her
new album. Radio Ethiopia. Although
she‘s just started a US. tour few people
have heard her outside of New York City.
It‘s a pity. because beyond her
Armageddon preaching and calls for
sensational freedom. Patti can evoke the
atmosphere of abandon that most groups
tried but failed at ten years ago.

Not only is Patti suite and intelligent.
she's also sufficiently humble. Her writing
shows that she knows exactly what she
wants to say. Aitd that‘s awfully hard
when all the critics keep reminding her
she‘s supposed to be the reincarnation of
Arthur Rimbaud.

I haven‘t seen any attempts to interpret
her. though. (iranted. she often alludes to
Rimbaud. claiming him as her all-time
fatoritc aitd principleinspiralion. But she
seems wisely wary of the pitfalls of being
typecasc iii the cntcrtainmcnt media. and
thus manages to downplay the Rimbaud
references amidst the ample evidenccthal
she can write without imitating.

'l he problctn many listeners will find
with Rail/o lz‘I/iiopi'a is the seeming
obscurity of tire lyrics. Understandably.
record-buyers are reluctant to play an
album which asks that you pay attention
to air included pamphlet of writittgs that.
when deciphcrcd. give the record a clearly
conccncd theme. 'I he first thing that
comes to mind isthat Patti is showing off.
rubbing her poctic sensibilities iti our
unapprcciatitc faces. “it: result is an aura
of condesccnsion. which leads to the
second l'CllL‘lltHl. “she thinks she's so
smart. but I can‘t understand any of this
gibberish.“

lhc beauty of the album is that you can
take if tlll any level. without feclinglliat
\ou‘tc lcatitig something crucial out. The
writing iii the pamphlet takes time. but

 

not hip-boots. to wade through.

SEPTEMBER 2, 1977

 

 

“Decadence is the word" that
most readily comes to mind. ”

 

This makes her unimpressive sales-
record all the more puzzling. There are a
couple of rather straight-forward heavy
rockers. as well as the minimal style of the
old Velvet Underground. Along with the
different styles there are also various ways
of perceiving the total effect. The writing
is not forced on you. it can be understood
without even listening to the album. Like
William Blake‘s illustrations for his own
visionary poetry of the late eighteenth
century. Patti‘s music is an extension of
the word. She would argue that we need
to read and hear. using the senses
simultaneously. On the other hand.
Blake‘s poems are rarely printed with the
pictuﬁs he‘t*ught were so vital to his
message. So e hype about the lyrics is
misleading. since it convinces you before
you've even heard the music that you‘re in
for a brainwashing.

The surprise is that Patti is funto listen
to. She does so many strangethings with
her voice that you can usually never make
out the lyrics. You don't really care either.
She experiments by recording about ﬁve
different vocal tracks and then mixing
them all together. so that they are all
going at the same time. There will be a
couple tracks of her reciting bits of her

' writing. and at the same time. two or three

other tracks with her singing. The volume
varies on the different levels so
occasionally one of the voices surfaces to
be cl ‘arly heard. You find yourself
following one ofthcm. and then suddenly
it fades to make room for another.

This is tltc kind of concept that has
gotten Lou Reed in a lot of trouble with
the critics. l.ikcthc Velvet Underground‘s
"European Son." a song which sounds
like it‘s trying not to be a song. Patti‘s
Radio Ethiopia. the title song of the
album. makes no attempt to have the
listener associate the sounds of words
with the sound of Patti‘s voice. This can
lead to accusations of toying with the
fans‘ gullihilily. as with Reed‘s Metal
Mac/iin Mll.\‘f('. H ow much crap will they
buy under the pretense of “anti-art"?
Sometimes Reed will write a song whose
only lyrics are the song's title. which he
will repeat over and over.

It is indeed naive to say that this stuffis
recorded because the public will let itself
be suckercd. Reed does not sell that well.
but like Patti. he does what he wants.
which is New York rock. Admittedly. this
is not a very poptiliir form. conjuring up
images of heroin addicts and the gay
nightcrawliiig club circuit.

"Decadence" is the word that most
readily comes to mind. It is used so
loosely that it now suggests a great range
of dark practices. always on the level of
sado-ttiasocltism. and bordering on the
outer limits of a death-wish, l’atti
manages to get beyond all this by
combining it rather complex and
appealing vision of revolution. with an
unexpected outpouring of emotion.
Anyone who calls for a breakdown of all
barriers to individual experience is bound

to be stereotyped as immoral.(if not
amoral) and depressineg negative. True,
the decadent writers at the turn of the
century, including Rimbaud, were
advocates of sexual perversity and were
more than just a little fascinated with
decaying and dead things. but this
imagerominate Ethiopia.

The writing inside is a mixture ofsong
lyrics and prose passages. some like
journal excerpts. They work together to
suggest images that are repeatedly echoed
in the music. The phrase “radio Ethiopia"
seems to be an idealistic concept based on
Patti‘s search. like the Symbolist poets‘
for a universal language. To believe in
such a thing you must also believe that
words are suggestive. and that they
cannot be taken at face‘value. At the
fringe of every man‘s consciousness there
is a primitive languagethat isthe basis for
all the different tongues in the world
today. So there is a level at which
everyone can understand each other.

The idea of music as a universal
language is not new. Patti narrows it to
roek'n'roll: “being the highest and most
universal form of expression since the lost
tongue (time: pre-babel)." Tower of
Babel. that is. when god took away
communication.

Not that Patti fancies ltcrself a
Prometheus who‘s about to take over the
FCC. She‘ll settle for the radio. The
radio. of course. is where most people
hear their music. and there is a fair
amottnt of complaining going on about
how the FM stations are going
commercial and. therefore. restrictive in
terms of wltat is played. Patti sees the
broad field of communication on many
levels. oite of which is the airwaves.

Salutations and Farewell

By NANCY S('llWAR'l‘7.

| greet those of you returning and those of
you new to SUNYA withjubilation and what
will seem like odd newsto you. fresh from the
joys of summer and glistening with
anticipation of a ncw year.

I have signed the requisite papers. and l ain
leaving An auspicious moment for a clean
break. the beginning of it new semester.

I am tired of waitiitgfor a formal education
and not sufficiently interested to work at one;
thus it is that l mu headed for New York City.
the center of my personal universe. to continue
my itinerant pursuit of it career and another
game plan.

I’m so concisely. it sounds simple; to many.
as the grind begins attd tnidtertiis glowcr on
the hori/on. it may cvun sound tempting; I cart
only say that the dccisiott was painful aitd
difficult. aitd I do not expect the challenges
ahead to be any less than fearsome.

Like many of you. the value of higher
education was fed to me with my mashed
bananas; college was a givcti necessity as
unquestioned as the toothbrush.

liui l have found that I am averse to
actideme. dislike studying; when I look at a

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

    
 

reaching out to include the entire human?
race. Perhaps she picks Ethiopia. and '
includes some photos of Africans, to
emphasize the global village idea. At any
rate, she says the airwaves’are ours.

While Patti is certainly a success at the
role of the artist-hero. who tries toshatter
the proverbial bourgeouis restraints on"
sensual experience, her yearning for the
sixties is a contradiction. She comments
that the Ethiopian New Year. on Sept. 28,
made the year in that country I970, and
hence. "tonight the sixties are over in
Ethiopia." Although she seems to believe
that she would have ﬁt in better with the
revolution ten years ago. she probably
would have died of impatience. Patti's
vision is not exactly one of peace and civil
rights. That revolution was supposed to
be a non~violent one where people
changed the world by changing other
people‘s minds. slowly if need be. Patti
would rather see another flood with no
arks. And I can imaginethe big reception
she. might have gotten at Woodstock
singing “Armageddon. it‘s gotten“ or else
“and world war is our battle cry!" Pair her
up with Lou Reed and they could have
had another Altamont.

The point is. she ought to realize that
there will always be the artist—visionaries
who become the cult figures of eternity.
simply by failing to convert their
immortal foe. the people. Because people
just aren‘t like ’atti Smith and Jim
Morrison. They're like Mick Jagger. who
likes to watch track meets. or Grace Slick.
who likes to listen to .lohn Denver. or
Alice Cooper. who likes to drink a case of
beer while lie watches his favorite game
shows. .

When Patti answers Morrison's cry of
“We want the world and we want it now“
with her own "We want the radio atid we
want it now.“ it falls on deaf ears.
Someday she'll reali/c that Morrison ran
himself into the grave for t he stimc reason
that Rimbaud packed tip. Icft irlll'ttplt.
and went to Africa to hca gun-runner and
imry-ti‘adcr.

course catalog | feel it lurch iii the pit of my
stomach. Perhaps 1 not not unusual iittliis. but
I am not convinced enouin oftltc value oftiiat
so~priled sheepskin to force myself to
continue.

I think of one of the more niacubrcjokes
that l lime seen: iti lorcli ‘77. the

 

superimposition of tltc photos of tilt:
graduating class on a field of want ads.

I too am well aware ol'joh slttlislics forthose .
with liA's. llut more important. l refuse to '
goosestcp further in thc inexorable march; l ‘
ltavc gone far enough. i

Others will itiarclt oti to graduate school.
steady job. marriage. citildrcti. I cannot do
that. l have dreams that will not wait. that I
must make happen; the world beyond these
lo\\L'I's is calling too loudly for me toigiiore.

Arid so hail arid farewell. students of
SUNYA. I am not impugning your motives in
beitig or staying here; I kttow but a small
proportion of you. and each has his or her own
whys and wliercfores. l myself know only that
i must grapple witft my destiny now or be lost
to it forever.

I wish you the utmost success in your
studies. loves. podiutions. . . those I will miss
kttow who you are.

PAGE 5A

 

  
   
 
 
 
  

