 

 

 

  
 

 
  

 

 

 

 

  

  
    

 
 
 
 
  
   

 

 

 

 

led‘n‘asmall club toward his hand. He intended to win

A heart to the ace and take the marked diamond

El

. . 'ma...wiii.£gn~..mm-

 

 

 

 

 

 

A SUNYA VIP

By CLAUDIA M. STANEK

is also the coordinator for intramural athletics and
recreation.

Elkin was a junior here at SUNYA. He began to
participate in Telethon during his senior year.
Belore becoming SUNYA‘s student activities

Activities Association and was later an advisor to the
SUNYA Concert Board. He was also involved in

minded.

for the past three years. As advisor. he made
suggestions to the student co-chairmen of Telethon.
Elkin makes no actual decisions regarding
Telethon. He is merely an advisor; not a dictator. in his
own words. “We think of Telethon as an activity for
students."

Last year Telethon raised a total of $18,000 for the
Wildwood School for the Developmentally
Handicapped. Telethon expects to surpass last year‘s
total when Telethon '77 ends with the traditional 24
hour talent marathon on the 25th and 26th of this
month.

While busily preparing for the upcoming talent
marathon. Elkin is also performing his duties as
coordinator for intramural athletics and recreation.
Fortunately for _Elkin his duties as advisor to
Telethon and intramurals do not conﬂict. He does.
however. spend more time with his obligations to the
Assocratton of Men's Intramural Athletics and the
Women's Intramural and Recreational Association.
The reason is. according to Elkin. because
m

 

 

 

More"

 

  
 

 

‘ Student ActivitiesAdvisor Dennis Elkin leads a dual
life. Not only is he the faculty advisor for Telethon. he

Telethon came into existence in l967 when

advisor, Elkin was a member of the Student

SUNYA‘s fraternities when they were more sports-

Elkin has been the faculty advisor to Telethon

_. March 23 - Superstars
- March 25 - Tennis

sum and. Interaction quibble cc ass

.the ace of clubs and then throw East in withthe king of‘ ﬁnesse. Cash the jack of diamonds. play the king of
clubs. ~East would then be forced to lead spades hearts and then a small one to East‘s jack. East must
himself. thus giVing a spade trick to dummy‘s queen. lead spades which is passed to dummy's queen You
But East saw what was coming and played his club king win 3 diamonds. 3 hearts. 2 spades, and a club:

contract: 2 Hearts

opening lead: 3 of Diamonds

 

 

 

   

kupleibeig

Student Actlvltles director Dennis Elkin Is also faculty advisor for Telethon ’77.

Telethon is not primarily a year-long activity.

Elkin considers himself as a student group
adwsohor a resource person for ATVIIA and WIRA.
His major responsibility for AMIA and WlRA is the
scheduling of intramural activites. Elkin believes
that his most important function as advisor is to
“make myself available to them [the students].“ ‘

Presently. a student intramural body makes all
dectstons regarding intramural activities. This is an
innovation among universities. In the past. a director
of intramurals made all decisions regarding intramural
activnies. Now. SUNYA. one ofthe first universities to
do so. has a faculty advisor who is available to the
students who made the decisions for themselves.

Janina-annulus"

  

WIRA Interest meetings: .

-> March 21 - Softball

4:15
3:15
3:115

MM”.

ALBANY STUDENT Puss

   

Elkin is the first sueh advisor at SUN YA.

. “There needs to be someone who know about
intramurals and how they should be run." iilll‘i.
Elkin attends conferences and gets feedback flillll
other universities so that SUNYA‘s fliil'illllillni
program can be kept up to date.

The intramural program operates on a budgcl oi
$20.0'00' annually for approximately 6.0””
particmating students.

Elkin, who is originally from New York ("iii
graduated from SUNYA in I968 with a bachelor‘x
degree in accounting. He then received a master‘x
degree, also from SUNYA. in guidance and siudcni
personnel.

 

  
     

 

 

   

 

 

since around 9:00 pm. A band ofabundantly padded.
freckled farmer girls practiced blowing melodies on
coke bottles. Raggedy Andy and Raggedy Ann were
there. a tall guy in a dark dress adjusted his mop wig.
and a few "normal" people mingled among the
oddities. The six guys in my group were scraggily
dressed. with shorts. sunglasses. and hiking boots.
while we four girls tried to assume some air ofdignity
in skirts and blouses.

Two of the normally dressed men were singing
“Leaving on a Jet Plane“. accompanied by their
accordion and guitar. Some members of my band
played along softly. We had two guitars. a banjo.
tambourine (that‘s me). two harmonicas, a violin.
clarinet. and other instruments. Some girl ran through
wearing only a leotard with a sweater tied around her
waist. Strains of music clashed over the conversations
and commotion. as performers practiced.

The stage was set up: a platform about one foot high.
five and one-half feet long. and seven feet across. The
curtains were two bedsheets. one striped and one
patterned. The curtain rod was a rope which was
secured and drawn man‘ually. mainly it was held up by
two people.

Hob Matla came in to instruct us as to performing
order and procedure. Everyone drifted toward the
door after he left. Dave Hutterman. our group leader.
said. “If they gong us. keep on going." i overheard one
of ths farmer girls say the same thing. it was probably
the same for all fourteen acts.

Gong Show time! We were offalmost before we were
on. The rowdy audience began to yell “Gong!” at ths
first chord of our sing. “On Top of Dutch Tower." We
trudged morosely back to the coffeehouse after barely
getting through the first verse.

Raggedy Ann and Andy lasted a bit longer, but
judges Roc Dorris. Erie Cohen and Rich Aufiero

By STEPHEN ALMASI

llugh Farley is “bullish on New York". The
freshman State Senator describes this as the most
beautiful state in the Union. and while he may be
prejudiced in that opinion. he cites other reasons for
his pride.

New York. claims Farley. is the most industrially
productive of the States. The major task of its
legislature. in his view. is to improve the business
climate here. providing newincentivesforinvcstmcnt.

Ilic job of State Senator covers a geogriiphicalarea.
and carries political weight. similar to that of a U.S.
Congressman. Asa member ofthe Senate Republican
majority. l‘arlcy feels confident of his ability to get
things done.

Not all has gone Well so far. l’arlcy‘s first bill.
proposing the sale of pai'klitnds by a city government.
passed the legislature. only to bc vetoed by Governor
('nrcy. A measure he co-sponsorcd. taking the state
'lax olf fuel oil. carried the Senate with only tw0
dissenting votes. but stalled in the Democrat-
controlled Assembly.

The SUN Y A business professor is already a member
of live Senate committees: Labor. Insurance.
Commerce and Economic Development. Agriculture.
and Banking. I

He declined membership on the Higher Education
Committee, seeking through his other committee work
rcsts of his constituents, while avoiding

toscrvetheintc ’ '
conflict in interest. Although

 

Lthc appearance of it
MARCH 18. 1977

‘u. L j, 0 min A Smash egg
‘. glut card. ihe finesse would ' A 7 2 'ng succ
would have falhn under the ace. Declarer's goose was V »
Mill}! are often _trivul However g , how eboked. If he won the club trick and attempted to , -
t 11 1mm]! applied inth'c' playingjofa throw east in with a heart. East would merelyexitwiih WEST . EA S T 3’ LINDA FRIED
; . .' 3am” 31“! Paﬂtals alike, Thedia'grammed deal a Small club to partner‘s queen and wait for his two ‘5 4 3 ‘ K J '0 2 It was crow‘ied' Half or Dmcb Quad cafe'eria WhiCh
hows how sterling defense led to the defeat'ofa tit/o spadetricks. lfdeclarer allowed East's king to hold the » v0 3 ' J 10 2 w“ 5“ “p f‘" "‘° “dime “5 "me "We" "m" i“
 “ﬂunk I.  . I h (  I I V ,1‘ 4 .. ‘Y "icky East would the" cash his trump ﬂick (to avoid . .3 _ g A '0 8 7 5:30 dinner time. People were sitting on chairs. sitting
V I. . has: cwmwFmeilmmdwnriopenins lad “a being "ﬂown in with that “imam exit with a small ‘0 J m 9 5 4 3 , I. K 6 on tables. sitting on chairs on tables. standing on
‘ - 'ﬁinsletoﬂjﬂf'fi fetuer thediam‘ond (G‘n a“. a siﬁmtl to club. In theend.the defensetook in one diamond trick ' i ‘ tablcs‘ To me‘ standing “backmgen waiting m
Pam,” 39h” r0“ 3"“ "mm- "East had Wanted a a‘diainond ruff. a club trick. a trunip and two spades SOUTH Pe’rmm' "my mom?“ home. ,
91'", returned. he would have led the seven for partner for a hard earned 50 points. ‘ ' 0A 9 6 It was Thurs‘iay’ Marc" '0' and a" "me people had
, to m,  lead Mme high diamond Mk8 partner to » _ . K 8 7 5 . contributed 25 cents to Telethon in order to see The
mm "3'. higher ranking suit (excluding trumps). ' Before going tryjust for fun to makethree no—trump 9 Q J 9 4 Gong Show' I was in the A‘L‘E' COM Steel Blues Band
West obligingly led back a spade. East's jack forcing with the North-South cards, assuming West leads the 5A 8 and Sympmhy orchestra That Also Plays Bar
decﬁrer's‘ace. Declarer cashed two top trumps and queen of clubs. Win the second round of clubs. Lead a vaahs’ schedmcd to go on ﬁrst'
.then his diamond winners. ending up in dummy. then diamond to the king. East wins and returns adiamond. The. r.“°"ey crew or performers had been gathered in gongcd "‘“m ‘00- The "1“ ac" ‘he farm" 9'“ blew because thew?“ SiCK- The examina‘idn drewabumiam I
the Rising Sun Coffeehouse adjacent to the cafeteria “Do Re Mi"on their coke bottles intoeveryone's heart. laugh”, from the audience. and 3 Score of 29 poims

winning a scoi'e of eleven. One judge gave them a live
because of “the thought of all those lips blowing at
once." The audience liked that.

Our group was informed that we‘d be put on again.
as we hadn‘t been given a fair chance. We were rather
dubious as to the merits of this idea. looking at the
unruly audience. but we accepted. Other groups were
also apprehensive by now.

The fourth act. a magician. also survived. His
newspaper and ring tricks elicited a partial standing
ovation and a score in the upper twenties.

Rich and Steve. the two normal looking guys. were
the fifth act. The audience did not like “Leaving on a
Jet Plane“. When yelling "Gong!" didn‘t have any
effect. they clapped so loudly the music was drowned.
Then it was back to yelling and whistling. Rich and
Steve made it through with around ten points.

TwlceGonged

We were on again. Despite the shouts from a
displeased crowd. we got through five verses before
meeting our unhappy fate. We were awarded the
distinction of being the first act ever gonged twice.

Next. Andy Hamlin quipped. “This is supposed to
be an imitation of Cat Stevens.“ picked up his guitar.
and sang “Father and Son." The audience was
amazingly. unbelievably quiet. Not asingle derogatory
remark was shouted. Hamlin received a standing
ovation. two nines and an eight.

The audience was not pleased with the eight. A chant
of “Full ofshit!" rose up and the vote was changed toa
ninc. giving a 27 point total.

The combination of of Bob Matia‘s arms and hands
in a pair of shorts and shoes with Sal Rotante‘s arms
coming out of Bob‘s sweater (the “Matz the Midget“
act) was eighth in line. The rather incongruous pair
demonstrated some exercises. drank beer. then
summoned Dr. Ruth lvcrsen from the audience

From Scholar to Senator

SUNYA students aided his campaign. the Albany
State campus is not part of Farley‘s Senate district.
Still. he serves as an expert consultant to other
Senators on issues concerning education.

l-‘nrlcy will take up his teaching duties again during
the fall semester. partly because he loves thcjob. partly
because he needs the money. He refuses all "lulu"
benefits.

The “part-time job“ at the Senate earns him $23,500.
His calendars are full; legislature sessions run past
midnight. and he tries to be available in his office on
free weekdays. So far he has sponsored or co-
sponsored 70 bills. With some exasperation. he
declares. “This is really workl“

le'arley‘s district spans five counties. and he does a
great deal of traveling. Hc calculated that his driving
log. at its peak. comes to four hundred miles a day. As
to his political future. Farley appears to huvs given it
little thought. Citing his narrow margin of victory. he
sees his re—election as a challenging task.

Sam Stritton frightens him. Referring to Stratton's
outstanding vote-getting ability. Farley says “he's
awesome." He ' does not see himself becoming
embroiled in the Congressional elections.

Concerning next year‘s gubernatorial contest.’

Farley discounts former U.S. SenatorJames Buckley‘s
chances of obtaining the Republican nomination to
run against Carey. He sees Assemblyman Perry

Duryeii or his own boss. Senate Chairman Warren

Anderson. as more likely choices.

ALBANY'STUDENT mass

   

from the judges. _

The crowd yelled "Unoriginal!" when a comedian
performed well-known Steve Martin routines. Still.
the shouts were mingled with laughter. The “Resident
Advisor“ jokes that followed incited the wrath and
gong of the judges. '

Act tcn was two comedians. whose final pun caused
one judge “to get a little nauseous." Hence. the gong.
The mob of onlookers had yelled. “Gong ‘cm!“ before
the act even started.

A girl mouthing the Words to “I'd Rather He Blue“
was allowed to continue fora few minutes before being
gongcd.

Next. act l2. wasthe leotarded girl. with the hanging
sweater. and the similarly clad Raggedy Ann minus red
hair and freckles. The sweaters flew off. and the two
sang and danced to “Tits and Ass‘. from A Chorus
Line. Aside from one shout of “That‘s disgusting!" the
audience enjoyed it. and the girls achieved a total of l4
points. V

Loud applause and a point value of 2| rewarded act
IS. a serious vocalist playing guitar.

David Gold ended the show with a gong. after telling
two questionable jokes. He pleaded and was granted
an encore. this last attempt being of the same other-
thnn-lofty caliber as that which preceded it.

Since Andy Hamlin and “Matz the Midget" had
scored so close. the judges decided 'to have a run-off.
Audience applause designated Hamlin the winner.

Such a gala event as the Gong Show ought to havea
spectacular finish. I missed the full impact ofit as l was
sitting off to the side. Rich Aufiero. the guy with the
nice dress. stepped gracefully onto the stage. turned
around. raised his skirt. and graphically displayed the
words “The End" to the audience.

I h a v c o n l y o n e
Gonnnnnnnnnnnnggggggggg!

comment.

 

, y / «we:
///,’ ‘tx

\ 7:
1S.


J@L~ ‘ ‘

 

 

 

 

his new job is the amount of time he must spend away
from his family. His life-long interest in politics.
however. pnrallels’his love of teaching and of
practicing law. For now. he hopes to balance all threeJ

, FAG! M

 

 

 

.9
.1
t

 

 

