iiPhdtogfaphedatCathedralSoundStudios I "  - - ‘ ~ 3

[fl lived where you live, I’d only go to Seiden
Sound for my audio needs. Because Seiden Sound
- meets every one of my eight requirements. 
. ' LVariety You’ll find just about every famous
brand name of audio components at Seiden Sound.
And not just one or two models—but a complete
range of every manufacturer’s output.
ZExclusivity Seiden Sound sells more lines
exclusively. Because they can buy and stock more
equipment, several manufacturers would rather
deal just with Seiden Sound. And about a dozen of
them do just that. ‘
3.Convenience. There are more Seiden
Sound stores around here than anybody else’s.
Besides giving them buying power, that can help
you in other important ways. If a particular piece
of equipment isn’t at the Seiden Sound store near

t

ire-Rich Peterson, NYC studio engineer . i

you, they can have it there, from another
store, in a day. And, they’re convenient,
' so you can stop by, pick up or dropoff
things whenever.
4. Experience. Thevae been in the
 business longer. Seiden Sound’s been
,around since 1960,-when the audio
business was'a lot smaller. They’ve been
polishing their act since then, so they’re
. not going to make the mistakes that
 newcomers often make. .

I 5.Expertise. Every Seiden Sound
salesman goes to school. He learns about
components from the inside out. He learns
how to listen—to sound, and to cus—
tomers. Most important, he learns how
to customize components for each
individual’s space, budget, and music
preferences.

6. Protection. Seiden Sound
backs up every sale. Over the years,
they've developed an almost mind-
boggling 16 point policy, covering parts and
labor and trade-ups and price protection,
and trade-ins and buy-backs and lots of other
consumer oriented things you can read up onat any
Seiden Sound location.
’2 Credit. They make it easy to pay for.
Not only does Seiden Sound give you value for
every dollar, they make it as easy as possible for
you to come up with those dollars. Their best
payment plan requires no money down, and three
months till your first payment. And of course,
they welcome Master Charge, BankAmericard,
and American Express, too.
8. It Adds Up. What it comes down to is

‘ this: Seiden Sound helps you hear everything

that’s there. That’s why I recommend
them to you. Because like me, Seiden
Sound wants you to get out of a recording,
everything that goes into it.

Super HiFi Specials This Week

Regular

Regular

 

Amplifier: Mixing

by Eric Osborne 4

There are two ways to buy a bi
fidelity system.

You can choose your own
components.

You can let the manufacturer
choose for you.
' This'series of articles is written with
the idea that the custom assembling of
hi fi components by the individual. to
suit his/her individual needs and
tastes. makes a great deal more sense
than buying Radio Shack‘s
prepackaged idea of the definitive
stereo system.

the frequency of the the flow.

All sound is made up of energy
modulating at certain frequencies.
The frequency is the number of
repetitions or cycles. the energy
undergoes for a fixed unit of time. It is
the number of times you turn the
faucet on and off in. say. a minute.

The different frequencies of
the audio signal translate into
different musical notes. Low notes
have low frequencies. high notes have
high ones. But when we talk about
audio frequencies. we are talking
about “on-off“ cycles of anywhere

 

 

 

 

You can spend the same $350-$400
either way; if you choose your own.
you can do much better.

Probably the most basic piece of a
component stereo system is the power
supply. Most hi fi salespeople call this
item a power amp. integrated amp. or
receiver. The latter two integrate a
power supply with other features.
whereas the first is yourbasic ani mal.

A power supply is a device which
transforms one form of energy into
another, more desireable form. An
audio'power supply or power amp
takes wall socket juice and turns it
into variably alternating current. as
regulated by an incoming signal.

Think of a water faucet. Behind the
faucet is a network of pipes. ready to
provide water to the sink (power to the
loudspeakers). However. there must
be some way of regulating this flow
for the sink to be as useful as possible.
So there is a valve. a control. By
turning the knob, the amount of water
flowing into the sink is altered very
rapidly and precisely.

This is basically what a receiver
does. It takes a constant "stream" of
electricity from the wall socket. and
regulates it. But instead of amanually
operated valve. the incoming audio
signal (from aphono cartridge. 8. radio
tuner. a tape deck. amicrophone) acts
as the control to regulate as closely as
Possible both the amount of flow and
____—_—'-__—_———-———.

Editor’s Note: Second in a six part
series meant to deal with the traumas
of hi fidelity listening and buying.

00000

from 20 to 20.000 times a second.
Obviously. you could not open and
close a faucet even 20 times in a
second. muchless 20.000. But the audio
power amp must be capable of doing
so. and many of them far exceed this
capability.

There are other requirements of the
audio power supply beside having a
broad. flat "frequency response." The
amp is basically a storage device.
converting 117 volts AC into current
which both alternates at a rate
governed by the incoming signal and
is supplied in amounts governed by
the incoming signal. The louder the
music. the more electricity the
loudspeaker needs.

Consider two faucets. the small one
where you brush your teeth. and the
one you fill the bathtub with. The
smaller sink has smaller pipes
feeding it. and supply less water than
the bathtub faucet. If you only need a
small amount of water (are listening
to soft music, or loud music at low
volume). then both sinks will do
equally well in filling your needs. But
if you need lots of water, the small sink
cannot handle the job. Or if you play
your music loud and/or own
inefficient loudspeakers ( the
drainpluginthe bathtublets outlets of
water). a low power audio amp may be
asked to do more than it's capable of
doing.

Let's try to hack out the meaning of
the word "distortion." The word has a
very simple meaning. but is often
misused or misunderstood. Basically.

I
distortions are mistakes. There» are
discrepancies between what the audio
amp (or any component) isssksd to do
and what it does. 00 back to our faucet
analogy. In the cont: l knob or vhlve.
there has to be a certain amount of slop
in the mechanism. a certain amount of
inertia which causes inaccuracies in
controlling it. and a certain number of
irregularities in the materials which
will cause errors in the amount of
water coming out of the faucet. If it is a
well-designed faucet. the errors will
be small, but some amount of error
cannot be helped.

The same is true of audio amps. or
any electronic or mechanical
component. A certain amount of error
is unavoidable. If we operate the amp
within its parameters. and it iswell-
designed. the amount of distortion will
be small. If we exceed these
parameters. say. by asking the amp to
deliver more power (water) than it is
capable of. or by asking it to respond
to frequencies that are very high
(turning the faucet on and off too
quickly). than we should expect to
hear more distortion in our music.

Let‘s recap what we‘re talking
about. The Federal Trade Commission
requires manufacturers to give audio
power amp specifications in the
following way: Unit “a” will deliver
“X” watts of power per channel
through frequencies of "Y" to “Z”
Hertz (cycles per second) at “XX” per
cent distortion. For the sake of an
example. let's say the Betty Model C
power amp.will deliver ten watts of
power per channel from 20 to 20.000
Hertz at .5 per cent distortion. What
this means is the Model C will be able
to provide each of our two
loudspeakers with ten watts of power
(a certain flow of water from the
faucet) for frequencies anywhere
between 20 to 20.000 Hertz(turning the
faucet knob on and off anywhere from
20 to 20,000 times in a second) and do so
with no more than .5 per cent
distortion (introduce mistakes of no
more more than one half of one per
cent of the musical content at any
given time. on the average).

There are many individuals (who
should know better) who would say
that the Betty Model C power amp is a
"good sounding" amp. judging from
these specifications. This may or may
not be true. Certainly. they are good
specifications for a low power
amplifier. But there are many other
parameters of the amplifier which
have not been considered by these
specifications. Indeed. some aspects
of how amplifiers sound probably defy
measurement.

The ultimate test is the listening
test. And your informed opinion is the

I only one that matters. ldstsdtéfthe

amplifier. or the integrated 'nmp V
(which combines a preamplifier-with" -
an amplifier). 'or the receiver (whichin  '
an integrated amp plus radio tuner) I
play the loudspeakers you are
considering. Listen to music which is- »
loud. soft simple, complicated.
classical. acidic. anything you might
listen to. While listening. be critical in
listening to how the music. sounds. "
Distortions sound like harshness or
raspiness. During quiet passages of _
the music. the unit should introduce ‘
little noise ofiits own. Extremes of
high and low notes should. {sound .
unstrained and open. But remember.
you are listening through a pair of
loudspeakers. which have anomalies
of their own. So if you listen to a well-
known receiver with good
specifications that  sounds
unsatisfactory. listen to it on another
set of loudspeakers as a check

Any good power amp or integrated
amp or receiver should meet or exceed
the following specifications: It should
deliver its power from at least 40 to
20.000 Hertz with no more than 7 per
cent or so distortion. It should have an
overall signal to noise ration of at
least 60 db. and a damping factor of
about 40 at a frequency of 1.000 Hertz. -
Then it should pass your most
stringent listening test.

For economy’s sake. 1 would
recommend buying either an
integrated amplifier or a receiver. if
money is a factor. or if you don’t listen
to the radio much. the integrated amp :
is your best choice (you can add a
tuner later). especially since'you can ‘
get more features and performance for
the money.

Features in an integrated amp or a' 3
receiver should include tone controlsig’g’
and filters (some are more useful thanzif
others, so listenl). one or more tape?”
monitors. tuner and phono inputs.
Other features are not essential. but
could be convenient. Have the '
salesperson explain them to you. then
play with them for a while. and decide
for yourself.

By this time. someone must be ask-
ing the question of primary impor-
tance to many stereo fiends— How
Much Power? The answer— it depends
on what loudspeakers you will hook
up to the unit. So. this question will be
dealt with in the next installment.
which will talk about the most
fascinating of all stereo components—
the hi fi loudspeaker. You should not
buy one without the other. so be
patient.

in the meantime. visit your
neighborhood sound factory. Start
driving the salespeople crazy. No
matter what they tell you. they love it.

Sale
Harman Kardon 330 C AM/FM Stereo Receiver 229.95
Harman Kardon TA~600 AM/FM Stereo Receiver , 399.95
Pioneer SX-450 AM/F‘M Stereo Receiver 14 . 200.00
Pioneer SA-56001l Stereo lntergrated Amplifier . 125.00
KLH-72 AM/ FM Stereo Receiver 16 . 229.00

SEIDENSOUND

People listen to us.

Teal A-17OS Dolby Cassette Deck 239 50
Pioneer Pit-6108 Direct Drive Turntable 14 200.00
Phillips CIA-212 Belt-Drive DC Servo Turntable ‘ 139'95
.lBL L-26 Speaker System ' les'oo
Boss 301 Bookshelf Speaker System 218:00

1° Expert Repair Sewice
o Bring In This Coupon For Free 114 Page HiFl Book -

tech hifl

Quality Components at the Right Prlce
MAIN STREET 0 NORTH BENNINGTON

1529 CENTRAL AVENUE ' COLONIE

VE RMONT 05257 802-447-0350

Central Ave. Albany 462-96017Ncrthwa Mall. Colonle 450-7650 / Lather» Corners Shop Inc Cntr.. Lethsm 783-9301 / 141 Erie Blvd. Schenectady 346-6111 , EW YORK 51 369.0939

"  qutgiimy Plaza Shopping ntr.. Glens Falls 792- 992 / 42 Summer Street. Pittstleld 499-1420/ 1 15 Oriskany St. W.. Utlca 732-2166/ 15 a, pleasant at Amherst 5494105

 

 

 

 

