 

i

_ (birth to the Democratic machine
,, more than half a decade ago.

it"s/m sass

A Cornlng volunteer takes election results-overtbe telephone last

Eve

BUFFALO (AP) Arthur 0. Eve.
an outspoken black state
Assemblyman, was ‘ the apparent
upset winner in Thursday's three-
way contest for the Democratic
nomination for mayor in the state‘s
second largest city.

The organization-backed
candidate conceded defeat.

With 95 per cent of the votes in.
Eve had 37 per cent. state Sen. James
Griffin had 34. and Leslie Foscio
trailed with 27 per cent. M0st ofthe
areas toxe heard from were in black
areas. where Eve ran the strongest.

Foschio admitted defeat but said.
“although we might have lost the

battle. we will not lose the war.“
Eve‘s edge was based on a large
turnout inthe largely black East Side
and a good run in some middle class
white areas. His success among

 

SngE xCrltng Theatres Under One Roof
, A NEW DIMENSIQNJN CINEMA LUXURY

Anemogomgabxytuimw

night at Coating Headquarters on Centrd Ave.

Wins Buffalo Primary

whites included a clearcut win over
Foschio in the wealthy Delaware
district.

In the Republican race. endorsed
candidate John Phelan easily put
down Donald Turchiarelli 7.500 to
2.900.

Cuomo, Koch Pace NYC

(AP) New York Secretary of State
Mario Cuomo held a narrow lead
over Rep. Edward Koch among a
record field of seven candidates
Thursday in the closest Democratic
mayoral primary in the city's
modern history.

Gov. Hugh Carey's handpicked
candidate. Cuomo held 2| per cent
of' the vote. with more than half of
the city's 4.763 precincts reporting.

Year’s Movie
'stnr won‘ not bro hi iiin hock

matte 'em I e
A grand and gloriout if

farm
7:15, 9:40

7:00
9:00

drew his"-gre'a

re 'A the older areas closest to the“
Hudson River. theiirea which gave

" ‘ ntractor United to- Minder of Arizona Report..-

' o rt (AP) Contested murderer John Harvey Adamson
mmy 0f mm assigned to Nam” PHOEle A 1. Phoenix contractor Max Dunlap hired him to kill
campaign “lemma” had drivenm'md “new” um Boiler and told him money was no object.
downtown totheniayor‘sstorefront. Arizona Republic reporter Don . in the ﬁmdeya murder and
Several radio newsmen bad news of Adamaon. 33. the states ﬂl‘l’s ughniguiumb" Jam“ Rommom 55‘ of
the victory ontlie air beforeCorning comﬁzuy iii: 2:32:33“; on “It; “mm” “and describing “ems

' ' Cha er. ape . ' . .
hagrelzo'lfii'vsedarrival to. pledge .unoundingihe June 2, I976 bombing of Belles car. Belles. fatally injured_
support for the incumbent mayor. died four days later.
many of the'journalists had already
left to file their stories. ' . '

The challenger .told a televtsion Caner
interviewer that he had no excuses WASHINGTON (AP) The Emil-"2m
' for his defeat. “Everything was as backin forum new Panam}, lam ‘ ‘ I I
 as    he     
Nolan said that he had provided ceremony‘ aucnded by 27 “5ng ca e ‘ . ‘ ' .
“constructive criticism"ofthe mayor opponents of' the pm, Two iongnime fog; of :lftnrgu‘izlgngiitlht
and hoped mm it might “on some waterway planned to argue their case t ay (2: mornia Gov Rout”?!
Changes in ‘he running °f Albany subcommittee on separation of powers: former a . .
city government. d b Reagan and Rep. Daniel Flood, D—Pa.
“Four more years." chante y a
groupof women atthe headquarters. Am". Reported” In. Cam's . {U da was re med b Inm-
told the Coming story. Facing only NAIROBI Kenyamp) Presme'm IdlAmla 0 Sand in psur yer )in I
fringe OPPOSi‘iO" in November‘ the of his top aides today to be “in a coma after 1:): erio“ g B  'iyh d
mayoris assu'e‘j “anemone more Kampala hospital for an undisclosed ailment. R0 rt  es. I H isii o’ni
term in 0mm ' conﬁdant ofthe 5l-year-old president,satdinatelephone intervrew Wit 1 | 1.»
Associated Press in Nairobi he did not have further details. Asked the rt'tison
for Amin‘s operation. he replied: "We don’t exactly know. Ruth: s in it coian
We believe he'll pull out of it. I'm going over iothe hospital right now to sup

what's happening"

us. and Canada Agree on Pipeline

and Prime Minister Pierre lillltill

Reporters were quick'to‘predict a
Corning victory.’ By ten oclock.

na Questioned by Opponents
can‘ P“ dministration has Latin American
y. but the support of the American

Koch's percentage was 20. with less
than 5.000 votes separatingthitwo. d C '
ABC ro'ected the two ront- SmNTON (AP) presi em ar er ‘
runners aZHiiishingfirstandsecond. T‘i’iideau announced today agreement on construction of a El‘glhlllltlill
“spec‘ively' WM 40 P" “m or me pipeline across the Canadian Yukon to carry natural gas from at. .i ltit IL.
vote required to nominate. the two lower 48 states. “This joint undertaking will be the largest sing c .p\r\n'.ittl
“99°”er headed for a Scpl' l9 energy project in history." they satdin iijomt statement issued bytlic lllL
runoff election. Ab h House. r
Incumbent Ma or in am
“came. whose tenuryc in City Ha" State Police Charged With Discrimination
Wits marred by 1i": Cilifs grilVCSl wAsmN'roN (AP) The Justice Department Thursday charged the \L'\\
fiscal "his Since we Gm" York State police force with illegallydiscriminating against noun-ii .rnd
Depression of the i930'5- was third minorities in its hiring policies. In a civrl surt filed in U.S. District t Ullll lll
WM 19 per "cm "f the Vim: and Albany. N.Y.. the department alleged that state police illllllul‘lllt‘x ll.t\t'
"Pi’cmcd in jeopardy for we traditionally refused to hire women as state troopers and have liiilcd to gnu
momcm "l ‘c‘m' blacks and Spanish-surnamed persons fair treatment. Ihc dcptirlmclll \L'CbV
surprismglyi ‘hc prc‘i’rimmy a court order requiring the state police force to establish goals for rltltlllltl
favorite in the "0115‘ form" women and more blacks and Spanish-surnamed persons to thc l‘flltC "in
congresswomun 89”” Ahlug‘ “ sufficient numbers to overcome the effects of past discrimination.
flambo ant liberal whose floppy hat
is hertrildcmﬂrk-wasrunningl'ounh Carey Recommends Life Sentence for Murderers
With '6 5"” Ccm or "‘9 mm In NEW YORK(AI’) (iov. Hugh Carey liasstopped laughing ill ti proposal“!
Mimhauun' where Mrs‘ Ablug's sentence convicted murderers to mandatory life prison terms and iltltllllt'tl ll
Strength was conccnmuc‘j‘ She was as his own. During a visit to Brookdale Senior Citizens (‘cntct tin
barely “head 9f KOCh‘ and her Wednesday. the governor made the recommendation while defending illN
Chances of winning a berth in me oppositiontothe death penalty. "lfafellow knows he's goingto belockctl up
rum)” were incrcusmgly dismm' for life and never get out and he's goingto be at hard labor. you kill)“ ll \
In a mo‘m‘m "we fur lhc easier to die than to live your life at hard labor.“ Carey said.
Republican mayoral nomination
Static Senator Rwy Goodman led Peltz Allowed to Quit “Son of Sam" Case
““lmmw “0“ “my Film“ 5" P“ NEW YORK (AP) Lawyer I'hilip l’cltz. who reportedly fried in self int-n
cm“ to 44 per ccm‘ conversations bclwccti ltimsclf and “Son of Sam“ suspect l)tl\'ltl licr kitulll.
has been permitted to withdrawfrom the case. Claiming he find hcctt lilll.il| It.
  "pilloricd" by the press. l’cltl. risked last month to quit :is llcikouit/
. attorney when it was reported that he tried to sell tapes of llllll ltnuh ill
('U'uimwdﬂom page one conversations with the alleged .44-calibcr killer for its much as .‘i | 50.00“. dmi
Manning when it was learned that he is a convicted felon. Brooklyn Stiprcmc ( Mill
The renovation or Monawk lower Justice Leonard Yoswein approved Peltr.‘ request to quit. The lawyer mud lIL'
incmdcd adding sum. dmm‘ m" would not ask any fee for work already performed.
keying locks. installing telephones
“"4 '"mOVl“E “"“rcsccm “8"” Drinking Linked To Deformed Babies
lircscntly. only onedcﬁk Per 1’00"”5 BOSTON (AP) women who drink heavily are twice as likely to bc.ii sirkh-
Providcd‘ but "ddmoiml mics MC deformed babies as mothers who use liquor moderately (it not ill illl- J W“
expected 500"" Manning mud {hm study shows. "There is definitely increased risk to offspring of \ltutlcll all”
more also have been some drink heavily during pregnancy." said the study in today's New I iiglnud
Journal of Medicine. The study said the health of the babies of llltttit'l.llt‘

minor plumbing problems in the
“’Wcr' drinkers women who drink more than once it monlli but do not In Illltllllt'

_ category of heavy drinkers. arid teetotiilers was virtually the saint

Second Year tor Women at Military Academies

(AP) Women are holdingtheir own its the second year of cocdiiciitioii lirt'I'“
ill the nation‘s military academics this week. And at Annapolis. Wcst Point.
and the Coast Guard Academy. fewer freshman women have drool"d "m
during this year‘s summer lrainingtlian during last year‘s. "It has Elm" “‘“d‘
better than anyone anticipated." a Coast Guard Acadctny spokesman mlltl iii

You bet your
private parts
we're nosyl
The ASP survey on human
sexuality awaits you longing/y
on Page 8.

 

New London, Conn. Similar assessments came from the U. . Mlllld“
Academy at West Point, the Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs.t tilt!
and the Naval Academy at Annapolis, Md.

Sharpen your pencil and dive
in/

 

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

SEPTEMBER 9. 1977

 

 

by Matthew Cox ~

A task force evaluating the legal
services SA provides fo'r
SUNYA students will present its
recommendations for an expanded
legal services program to SA
President David Gold lafer this
month.

The task force is conducting the
first evaluation of these services since
they were first contracted for seven
years ago.

Interviews with lawyers and law
firms have not been completed
according to Task Force on legal
Services Chairman Paul Feldman.
Feldman said he could give no
indication of whether or not the
present firm under retainer.
Rosenblum and Leventhal. will
continue to provide these services.

The task force has received almost
40 applications from lawyers or law
firms interested in thcjob. Feldman
said.

The details of the new retainer.
which specifies the legal services that
will be provided for SUNYA
students. will not be agreed upon

‘retainer.

until af-law firm ls'chosen. he said.

Feldman indicated that aclause in
the current retainer. specifying that
ten EOPSA students may receive
free legal representation through the
total judicial ' process. will be
changed. The new retainer will make
this service available to up to ten
people “who have financial
difficulties.“ said Task Force
member Bryan Holzberg.

Under the terms ofthe present SA
most students are
represented in court by SA lawyers
only during initial proceedings
following arrest.

The task force was established by
former SA President Steve DiMco
to determine if SA is "getting as
comprehensive a legal service as we
ought to be. for the money we pay.“
Feldman said.

SA pays the firm of Roscnblum
and Levcntlial $|0.000 ii year, for
services to students which include
representation dtiring initial tirrcst
proceedings; free legal consultation.
and periodic workshops on legal
rights.

Meeting Launches Student
Unionization Movement

by Donna Levy

The Student Unioniration
Movcntciit (SUM) met Tuesday
night in an effort to launch a new
concept in student organization for
SUNYA.

SUM orgtinircrs said that the
purpose of the group is to unite
university students tlirotigli nitiss
membership where everyone will
share in the decisions and the power.

“Our main goal is to be one
university and not five quads." said
SUM organizer 'l'ito Mtit‘titicl.

()rgani/cr Sharron Ward said that
the students ill't.‘ not given enough
iriptil into liowtltc university is being
fun. and are having less say MS to the
cliiingcs that are taking place within
the school.

“'I he system isn‘t working for us
and we ctm‘t work l'orit." said thrd.
“We must clitirigc the system fllltl get
outside of lllt.‘ university
bureaucracy."

SUM lil'gillll/CI‘S said that if it
strong union could be formed. it
Would be capable of using mass
action and pressure to back tip
student demands.

“'lhc teachers have formed a
union with successful results and we
will too." said organizer Marcus

I’ctcrxcll.

Organizers said SUM will be
working with the SA toward the
same goals. but is not affiliated with
them. Marcus I’etcrzell said that SA
is more of ti bureaucratic
organization while the union would
be an advocacy group.

The union considers itself it
"grassroots" organiliition which will
be dealing with and for the common
people the students. according to
its orgnni/ers.

l lie llllltlllllillltill movement
begun as a result of research done
this summer by SA President Dave
(iold and Paul Feldman. who served
as acting \icc president during the
summer.

“ I here ill‘L‘ many problems facing
students and the University wltcre
students have little say.“ said (iuld.
“'l'hcsc include tcnttrc. curriculum.
housing rules and regulations. We
need to change the power structure.“

"The tiniort can do things which
SA is not set tip for.“ said (iold.
“()byiously. SA will have some role
in the organizing effort such as
funding bttt eventually I will ease
myself out of it so I will be lit the
background as illl active. member.
not a leader of the union."

   <

Sanford Rosenblum said his firm

has gone beyond theguidelines of "
the retainer on a number of"

occasions. “We're giving you
probably twice as much as normal
legal fees would provide.“ he said.
“‘lf‘the Task Force is seeking more
quality lawyer-time for less money.
they're baund to fail.“ he sriid.
Gold. emphasizing the distinction
between funding a group and
providing a comprehensive service
described the legal services program
as "probably the greatest. most
costly service SA provides.“
“We‘ve been dealing with
Rosenblum rind LCVClllhtll for seven
years... we rciilly‘havc no idcii if we‘re
getting our money‘s worth.“
Feldman said.
The task force “firmly believes"
better services can be obtained under
continued on page .l‘t’l‘e’lf

/
)
UPS MARY ANN NOV/AK

SA President David Gold will receive the Task Force on Legal
Service's report by the end of the month.

Criminal Justice Awarded Grant

by Mike l'earlniari
and J.M. Reilly

A federal grant of 5289.070 has
been awarded to the SUNYA
Criminal Justice Department to
create a new graduate program
specifically oriented for and
st tidying ntinority groups. 'I‘licfunds
were provided by the Law
Enforcement Assistance
Administration (LISAA). it federal
ttgcncy which gives grants to law
related activities.

The official documents for the
grant were sent to Washington early
last spring and the actual grant was
received in August. Three months of
preliminary talks and visits to
Washington preceded the sending of
the documents. according to acting
SUNYA President Vincent (Henry.
who is the former Dean of the
Criminal Justice Department.

“It was the perception of the
LEAA tlittt SUNYA had the faculty
and the reputation that won us the
grant.“ said ()‘l.ctiry. “You've got to
be able to pttll the people. and we can
do it here."

“We have most of the big names in
criminal justice here." said Assistant
Dean of the School of (‘riminul
Justice John E. Morgan. “Youjust
don‘t go to a better Criminal Justice
school lit the country.“

()‘l.ctiry said that one goal of the
project will be the improvement of
teaching skills of criminal justice
faculty in minority-area colleges and
universities. Another objective will
be the dcvclopmcttt of a curriculum
that is both "lively and relevant" to

 

Gynecological
cllnlc on
campus?

SUNYA No

SUNY AT
BUFFALO

-Togcther-—-
(6 hrs. per week)

SUC AT -'l‘ogcther—
FREDONIA (6 hrs. per week)
Part of
Health
Center

SUC AT
NEW PALTZ

Birth
control
clinic on
campus?

Yesi

Yes: Yes Yes

Gynecological
services at
Health
Cutter?

No No

Full service
for students

Student
Yes government

Student
(Not known) government

(Not known)

Student
government

t six hours per week; 1 one full day per week

Funding
besides
client

under l8? fees

None No No

Does
staff
include Students I‘rice
student in of
volunteers? charge? exam

$18.00

F rec

 

 

 

A comparison of gynecologleal and birth control services at four SUNV schools. A movement la
underway to Increase women's health care services at SUNYA. This chart was adapted from a atudy
by SUNYA students Carol Burns. Anne Hague- and Robin Bltterman.

SEPTEMBER 9, 1977

the particular problems of minority
communities.

The first part of'the program will
L'lllilll bringing logcthcr a group of
twenty professors illltl instructors
front colleges and universities
around the country to meet at the
SUNYA campus. according to
Morgan. Four day seminars will
be conducted by it select group of
professors from the SUNYA faculty
working with it team of
approximately eight associate
instructors. 'l'hcsc associate
instructors will he specialists in areas
such as minority groups. crime in the
ghetto. and the psychology of
community interaction with the
judicial system.

Improvement

lhc second part of the program
will attempt to dcvclop new
materials which may he used to
enrich criminal justice programs ill
institutions throughout the country.
Specifically llll.‘ professors will
tittcmpt to compile it iiioiiogruplt
which might be used as if basic text
dealing with minority groups and
criminal justice.

‘I lie third part of the program will
create it number til fellowship
positions for minority students til the
graduate level. Ilic students will
attend rcgulzir courses dttring the
first half til the program. rind he
placed iti teaching or rcsctirch
positions for the lllllL'l' pzu'l. At lllt.‘

t'tlIf/fllllt‘t/ on page .lt'l't'll

Of Women ’s

Health Services Researched

by Jeanne Jay

The Office of Student Affairs and
SA are jointly researching the
possibilities of improving the
women‘s personal liettltli care
services offered by the Student
Health Service (SHS) nt SUNYA.

Several tnctnbers of the Student
Affairs staff. the Administration.
and SA. will evaluate women's
health services at SUNY at Buffalo
and SUC ttl hrcdoriia the week of
Sept. 19. Using the information
gathered at these and other New
York State campuses. they will
conduct a poll to assess student
opinions on what services should be
offered. according to SA Vice
President Kathy Baron.

A proposal will then be drafted
and presented to the SUNYA
University Senate for approval. said
Baron.

Present services at SHS include
internal examinations and
prescriptions to students with a
specific problem such as pregnancy
or infection, according to SHS
Director Janet Hood. They do not
include routine annual internal
exams or pregnancy counseling. site
said.

A student under l8 years of age
seeking treatment cannot be
examined or treated at SHS.
according to Baron. Such students
are sent by SHS to an outside doctor
or to Planned Parenthood. she said.

There is a contraceptive clinic on
campus sponsored by Albany
Medical Center. open every
Monday and Wednesday evening,

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

llitron said. lliis clinic is not funded
by SUNYA. she said. illltl students
making use of the clinic pity SIX for
an cxriiiiiuiitiori and eiiiitriiccptive
counseling. There are no
gynecologists on the stall; students
go back to SIIS for prescriptions.
llaroti said.

A student on campus nccds to'
make "three or four appointments
with different iirgitttiratiorisio cover
the mental. physical. and birth
control aspects“ of personal health
care. Baron said. “A Human
Sexuality Clinic for both men and
women covering counseling. birth
control methods, and examinations
would promote better awareness of
people‘s bodies." Baron said.

flood said that an increase in
personal health services is not
necessary. “It is not the purpose of
the Infirmary to provide regular
examinations. whether internal or
physical. We‘re hereto help students
with physical problems. not to
provide routine checkups." said
Hood.

“The services offered here art
adequate. They meet the standard:-
of the American College Health
Association. We are grossly
understaffed for the volume of work
We handle now. We are not equipped
for eomprehensi ve personal services.

"Any improvements would be
expensive. but ifthe students and the
Administration agree that
improvements are needed and are
willing to finance them. we will do
anything we can to make the services
better." Hood said.

PAGE THREE

 

