  
  
  
  
   
   
   
     
   
 
     
 
  
  
 
 

 

 

  i auailable at"

isunv ancestors} $9800:-

 

mammalian
Amwsaieowtotm

 

 

 

 

Short Course
on

Block Boot
Reproduction

 
 
 

“camp Kippidlll Governing Board announces the
offering ofa short course on Black Bear Reproduction
on a small scale during sprign vacation. I977.

lh'isthree day course (April 4—7) will be taught by

Dr.(1rl7.7.ly Adams. Camp Kippidill‘s manager. who has
been cornholing black bears for 7 years. Students will
actually copulate plus learn the skills and techniques
necessary to avoid getting their faces clawed offwhen
they try screwing bears on their own. The course is not
geared to teach skills needed for getting it on with larger
bears. such as grizzlies. but rather for small. household
size bears.
This 0 credit course will be open to students having paid
their. Spring I977 student tax. and is sponsored by
Stupid Association. Class size will be limited to lo
students and three bears. with tuition and lodging
charges set at $26. Hospital bills and bills for bear abor-
tions not covered.

For further information and course registration.
please inquire at the Stupid Association Office (CC
346). Ask For Steve DiMcntcd.

'ooonmcu

mu

 

 

 

TYPiNG Services 3!!

Excellxent typpxxing
:zervixces available at low,1ovJ
rates... CA11 SA Officeandask
for thle secretaary onduty.

‘ 457—6542

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

r

: have‘ no i: rural. My me K
' I know it sound "ather‘pettypb‘ut the na
Zahr'n has greatly ha pered mesil'nee I Wasasm’all
in Peoria. Ill. ' . V ' ' ' I
I remember when I‘was a lad. I would take my gal out into
the forest to watch the plants grow. There was that one time
when she kept screaming “Eekl”.and I thought she was just
yelling "E. E." It‘s ashame that she died from the rattlesnake
bite. ‘ ' ' = ‘

It‘s been terriblefl won't even bother going into any detail.
But you can" imagine the heartache. I‘flii'd’my name scribbled
on the bathroom walls in the Campus Center. My‘ nephew
breaks out into hysterics when he says. “Uncle E. Uncle E."
He's a stra’nge‘child. V. '

Please help me. I‘m offering $50,000 of.UAS money to
anyone who can think up a good name. ‘ -
—E. Norbert Zahm

   
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
   
  
   
   
  
   
 
   
 
  
    
 
    
    
    
 

  

 

 

Editor's Note: Anyone with .t'ttggcslionsfor the “011933” the E
in the E. Norbert Zalmi C oritc.i't".iltou/d send them to C329
for delivery to the strange man with I/teftotny name.

    
  
  
 

Why, Thank You!

Dear Editor: y

We often ask ourselves. where are the concerned people?
Where are those who will fight to keep the middlemen from
gouging us for their own profit?

In these times of Budget Crunches (and other unpleasant
breakfast cereals). what little money we have we must expend
wisely. with careful consideration.

Central Council. as trustees of your student tax money.
has. with its usual calm rationale and unassailable logic.
chose to contribute 530.000 of student tax funds to the New
York Public Undercover Research Group Encorporated
(NYPU ROE).

NYPU RGE pledges to fight. to die for a cause; it hangers
to champion the oppressed. It has the brains and manpower
to help you write your legislators. bug your city ofﬁcials, and
help your student leaders. It just didn‘t have any money.

So we gave it thirty grand of yours.

We thought you'd like to know. . . .  ,. I _
—Steve DiMented.
President. Student Association

0h, You’re Welcome!

Dear Editor:

We‘re concerned! It's time that people go out and do _

things. And we're going to help!
I We're going to help you write your legislators. bug your
guy 'ofﬁcials. annoy your student leaders. We‘re going to
c p.

We‘ve had the brains and manpower to help you do these
things all along. and now we've got 530.000 of your money.
We just don‘t have any ideas.

We're willing to fight. to die for a cause; we hunger to

' champion the oppressed. But we need ideas! Please give us

something to do with your money!
~New York Public Undercover Research
Group. Encorporated (NYPURGEY

Unbalanced

Dear Editor:

I am an accounting major. For the rest of my life I am
doomed to balance sheets. ledgcrs and pencils. My main
purpose in life will be trying to see if the thing I‘m doing
balances. If it does I‘m a success. Ah life. grcal iSn't it? All it
has to do is balance. and then I can make money and have ti
house in suburbia with two cars. afford to make my kids
.IAPS and all that. Just because it balanccsl'My only creatiic
outlet. though is well. as an accounting major I‘m told not to
be creative. so I guess I shouldn't have an outlet.

' So let me toast to this society. where l cart do things so
insigniﬁcant to mankind. yet still afford to buy a CB radio for
my car. l0-4. good buddy. (A little accounting joke.)

r—Btirry Budget

I’ll Bring the Grenadine

Dear Editor:

'Wcll. hi thweetiesl We're writing on behalf of the liberal—
inindctl community. We want to complain. What's with all
white around here? Everything‘s white. White white white
Eva? all the pretty phallic symbols. ' ‘ .

e want a different color scheme. Wli ' ‘
could have light pink on the buildings. dzrcotiiifliniiri X:
pillars. and lovely shade of hot pink for the bell tower? Now
wouldn‘t that be lovely? We'd like to help, so why don‘t yoti
just drop us a line and we'd be happy to discuss an thl
you'd like over a fruit cocktail. y nu

—Gay Alliance

 

        
   
  
  
  
 
   
     
     
   
     
    
  
  
  
 

  

ALTERNATIVE FE ATURES SERVICE

Campaign Trail

Dear Editor:

I wish to announce my candidacy for the position oi S.-\
president. Let me first say something about that llic |oh oi
SA president is tough. I mean tough. Like you got in kilo“

“just hongppchkggget 'ye your vice president so not! hang
himself and stay-off youraback for the rest oi lllc \L'lllt'\lL‘f.

You have to be able to humor Ccntrnl Circus, l’tclcntl that
you love what they're doing. which secretly sitting If] your
office vetoing all their bills. 0ch the Circus Rlllylllihlt‘f :i
gavel and he‘ll be happy.

Administrators are cool. just be short- you gct \oui ill“
school recommendations from them bclorc you .iningnnt/c
anyone. Smile it lot. tell them how mttcli it mouth to wit lU ht
SA president and volunteer to help coordinate llt'\l nor.
l’honothon.

In conclusion. let the say. I can do ll. l'in intcllrgvnt.
sensitive to the needs ofthis University and i can \lxlldil/t‘il
Utopia here at SUNYA. Vote for me. lor SA picndcnl

Iz't/i/or'x NUIt‘.‘ The above letter (/I't/n't lltll't' it It! Inn, I'm nt'
thong/ti ll'("ll print it anyway in t‘ll.\t‘ rim o/ 1/)“ min
f'llllf/lf/(llt'.\' lt'tllllt‘t/ to ll.f(' it.

Cohoes Watcher

Dear Editor:

With all the distortion of truth going on liltlili' l “"“M
very much appreciate the chance to corrt-ct one it-tuIHHt'
inaccuracy l have tioticcd in your letters page

I would like to say to you. Mr. Almnsi. and to w“ “I
liiscmtin. that i did not die ofsyphilis. nor ol tin) sit-III.“ l-ll‘”
disc . As a matter of fact. I did not men tllt' | \Illllll.‘
decided to retire from composing dtic to my ltil.t| hm ul
hearing. and l have been living quietly iii thc \nmll |tl\\ll oi
Cohoes ever since.

It is painful for me to give up my hard-nun :inomnnn in
this manner. but I feel obligated to viiidiculc rum-ll Ill tin»
most sordid matter. I ask for. and am most cctltiill l \lmll
rcccive immeditilc apologies frotn you both.

, Ludw”; Vittl lici'tlioicll

 

Rubber Hoses

Dear Editor:
hicusc let me tell you about this great~lookmgclncl. l lllt'l
m a sum: Quad nurty. Right off. she told me she didn't
bane“? in impressing her sexual dcsircs and Wits \tliilllt.’ to
demonstrate this to me. Five minutes after I incl her, nu Mir
'cumbing the “V0 “llihls up Eastman Tower. MyCyCS m-ic on
her bouncyliltlelllll.wttlchingitjigglctissliutook Cuff) with
At last we got there: I reached out to touch a soft, hot in lll
breast' She 8|"‘SP my hand and guided it to the top button on
by hlouxc' one by “"9 l begun to open those defiant litilc
('untiiiuctl illl [mgr H

 

 

 

pted the recommeiidltionsof his

ee‘t Review the’iEitperience of We

. C
Wu“ u it. (SCREW-U) and plans to initiate strict
distribution requirements-next semester.

Th on calls, for the complete elimination of all majors
‘and’nitnors students will be required to take l2 credits in
every dep \ nt in the university.

“This is a, major breakthrough.“ said SCREW-U member
Heads Ortaili. “It's the only feasible way to insure that every
student leaves here with a broad levelofgeneraleducation.“

The plan has met with some faculty opposition.
particularly from the School of Business. but most have
voiced acceptance. One member of the Puerto Rican Studies
department said he was enthusiastic about having more than
three students in his classes next semester.

Some concern has arisen on the part ofstude‘nts. who point
out that under the new distribution requirements itwill take
In years to earn a bachelor‘s degree. “I'll never talk my
parents into paying for my food and rent until I‘m 34.“
complained one off-campus sophomore.

Assistant to the President Shirley Roberts acknowledged
that the time factor could be a problem. especially in light of
the student housing shortage. “However. we have already
organized a Special Presidential Task .Forcc to study the
problem." he said. “and fully expect to have this ottt of the
way in time for the fall session.“

The proposed requirements will alsocliminatc the need for
academic advisement. When asked about the procedures
involved for the phase-out of tidvisors. Roberts replied. “Oh.
that was all done years ago.“

Associate Dean for Student Affairs Squat the Magic Pig is
now looking at the present University Collcgc offices as a
new location for the Neil C. Brown Memorial Ficldhousc.

Heat Treatment

Director of Residences .lohn “Red” Welts has announced the
final figures on monies spent to heat the dormitories during
the recent cold. Although temperatures “611' tcn degrees
lower. on the average. this winter as compared to ltts. the
university spent $l5.000 less this )’L'tll‘ on heating bills. The
office of-Residcnccs attributed lllt: decline to the mandatory
decrease in minimum room temperatures from Illi" to Hill".

F ieldhouse

Well. even though SUNYA students said “Tough Shit“ to
the proposed lieldhouse last month. SA President Steve
DiMcntcd still feels that it is possible for the future.

“Yes'sirec bob. it sure is possible. This here's America. and
that means that cveryihing’s possible." DiMcntcd said.

The SA President said that the reason the original
proposal was voted down by the students was “simply
because they didn't want to pay the money."

A new proposal for the fieldhouse is in the offing. however.
This one will cost considerably less. but according to
DiMcntcd. it will help to solve some of the problems that
exist in the over-crowded gym.

“It‘s almost thcsame kind of Picldhousc as the one
presently being used at a local elementary school." stated
Fieldhouse Committee Chairman Squat the Magic Pig.

The new building will be six feet hiin and about eight fact
in diameter. according to DiMcntcd. It will cost the
university community about $33 and will feature a dart
board. two monopoly games and a marbles court.

“it'll be real neat." beamed DiMcntcd. "It wun'tcost much
and golly. look how much it will mean to the kids!"

The new erection is expected to be built on the Colonial
Parking lot because. nccordingto sources. "It isn't being used
anyway.“ DiMcntcd said that if a referendum for the
fieldhouac is passed. it will be built by [986 and will be
available to the SUNYA community shortly thereafter.

 

 

 

 

 

  

 
 
 
  

 
 
  

    
 
 
  
 
 
 
  

  
    
   
   
  
  
   
  
    
  
  
   
 
 
 
  

 
   
    

Mohawk Teepee

Mohawk 'l’ower will be populated next year by ~-- you
guessed it Mohawk Indians. who until now have been
squatting at SUNYA‘s Camp Dippikill.

“’l hey looked so uncomfortable squatting. ljtist had to tell
them to stttnd up and live at Mohawk Tower.“ said the
compassionate Director of Residence Running Deer Welty.

"Koofujok mttjtimpa hauit."statcd the majestic Chief Face
l.ikc Buffalo l)ung."’Yaupiot reporic umpikta and skoie."

“He says that he‘s pleased that his old friend Emmett Open
Fields is inviting his tribe to come to the university.“
translated Welty. who is fluent in the tribe'sdialect known as
“Sheepdip.”

“Oogalluck iota sampoosan. tioldt gafanu webip." said
Face Like Buffalo Dung.

“Chief say tribe loves the tower. especially the weather
station‘s telescope.“ said Welty. “He and the braves have
been taking peaks into the bedrooms on Dutch and they like
what they see.“

“(ialooik!" smiled Face Like Buffalo Dung.

l'hc Housing Office has decided to let the tribe live in
Mohawk ’l‘ower indefinitely. in exchange for which the
Indians will take over the Graduate School of Public Affairs.

Dr. Pressclips

Dear Dr. Pressclips: Lately the most disturbing things
have been happening to me. It all started when l was forced

u to print my press releases in the college newspaper. All ofa

sudden. they were putting verbs in my headlines and
spending hours on layout to avoid gutters. But that's not the
worst of it. Just imagine. they're worrying about these things
when the Campus Clipboard still isn‘t complete. I mean.
students aren‘t able to find out when and where the Students
lor a More Productive Society meeting is to be held. The
whole situation is simply ridiculous. What can I do to
impress this upon these young people?

Distressingly yours. Natalie Lampoon

Dear Mr. lJlHI/IUUII.‘ l'ni ofruidyou'vc contracted (I riml ~
llltl .i'twt‘rly i/t'lii'litttliiig 7 ('tlJt‘ (glut/titittistrattas t'alcriclaritus‘.
In its more {It/l'tlllt't'd stages its uncouth/c but you may be able
to Ito/t lllt‘ progress of the disease with llll‘ following cure:
tokc of] your watch. unplug all clocks, radios and TV's;
t'u/it't-l your .iulu't'rt'ptt'oru to the Times. Viva and Kite: and
ullilllt‘ all, don't lllllt'li those press releases for a! least six

months.
~- Dr. Presst'lips

Parking Problems

SA Vice-President (iary Parking. dodging bullets as he ran
across tltc SA office. told reporters last night that he will “not
ever resign."

“Central Circus has hired assassins." said Parking. pulling ‘

out a machine gunn and returning the gunfire. Once safe
inside his office. he paused to sell a special parking permit to
an inquiring student.

“They‘ve tried everything.” explained Steve the Mellow.
who is believed to be SA President.

While Parking complains that nobody listens to me

 

Alternative says Park
money twice. which I! s
this only if Parking bait is do‘it. andyit‘ wa 'll' ,

' The Mellow. who claimsto be SA Preside'n aid

   
 

W
consult the RealJBrown Oracle’ as to Ptii'ki~ ‘s fate. Circus

members are still unsatisfittd. however. . g »

“We thought he‘d quit iflwe took away his own parking
permit.“ said Circus member .lini Hadenough. ’ _:'

littdcnough said Circus members had followed Parking
for days. making faces at him. before theylresorted to
obscene phone calls. '. . , , '

Parking said he Would leave only\ if constitutionally
impeached and removed. “I have too many Circus
supporters.“ he said. , .

Parking supporter Jean Sadistky said. “It‘s silly to make
faces at Parking. He's not leaving — besides. myjaw muscles
are beginning to hurt." ' f ’

Lion Tamer Greg More-or-less would only say “SA has
reached nirvana.“ "

More-or-lcss. who has been known to fade away. said on
previous occasions that Parking is no problem because “SA
has no problems. Everything works. Nothing does or cotild
go wrong. Thus. there is no Parking problem ~ simply
’tirking difficulties."

Head-lines

The case of the inlamous “Colonial Eleven" parking lot
demonstration appears not yet to htive ended. Recent reports
state that there was a twelfth protestor who‘was not seen
blocking the bulldozer. He was subsequently built into the
lot. According to reliable Colonial Quad sources. students
from the residence halls have been keeping the protester.
who answers to the name of Jerome. alive by feeding him
twice a day and placing a cardboard box over him when it‘
rains.

“I don‘t want to be dug up.‘ explained .lcrome. as he
frantically tried to scratch his nose with his tongue. “I look at
it this way. Now I‘m ll goddum celebrity. Beforc~thc whole
thing. I was a nobody. I was looked down on.“

When asked what the future holds. Jerome replied. “I‘m
out of the rat race and I'm satisfied. I don't need to get
ahead.“

‘

Brother Emmett‘s Mission

And so it came to pass that the Lord Ewald said unto
Brother Emmett: “Boy. I have a mission for you."

And Brother Emmett. meek and humbled in the face ofa
real heavenly administrator. said unto the Lord: “Sho nuff.
Lord. Ah shall be yo‘ humble missionary."

And so it came to pass that Brother Emmett was

proclaimed Lord Ewald's official major league missionary.’

and that all of the multitude of the holy city of SUNYA
rejoice. for ii is he. Brother Emmett. who would spread the
word of Public Policy for all to hear and none to understand.

And so it came to pass that the citizenry ofthe holy city of
SUNYA did rejoice and that they did so with much gusto.
because you only go around once in this life.

And so it came to pass that while the citlenry took to
merriment and whoopic. they began to cherish higher things.
things other than the Almighty Mission. The people took to
the podium. carouscd in the forbidden Rat and indulged in
sinful activities such as coffee house. wine and cheese
gathering and quad party.

And so it came to pass that Brother Emmett saw all ofthis.
including low enrollment in administrative preachings. and
he decided that it was bad. Then Brother Emmett saw what
he was teaching and came up with lots of Papal Bull. and he
decided that it was good.

And so it came to pass that Brother Emmett was distressed
by this. so much so that he did not even about the ltoly
'gators. So Brother Emmett climbed tothetop ofMount Bell
Tower. where he stay for quite a spell.

And so it came to pass that Brother Emmett would emerge
from the mightly mount, clad only in an accountant‘s suit
and smelly cologne. but with him was a tabloid object
marked Mission. And Brother Emmett said unto his people:

“Thou art sinners. y'all. Repent from thy sins and you will
be granted graduation. If you continue your sinning ways,
y'all will have to get . . . Distribution Requirements!

And so it came to pass that the crowd rccoiled in terrorand
no longer sinned. Forever living with 'the fear of being
required to take public udtninistrationcourses. the multitude
accepted everything Brother Emmett fed them and Brother
Emmett thought was good.

And so it came to pass that Brother Emmett. his people

hoodwinked and his Mission completed. happily returnedto " '

his Holy Ivory Tower. never to be seen again.
AMEN

  

 

 
 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 

 

   
     
    
  
   
   
  
 
  
  
 
 
      
      
      
 
       
  
 

    

    

