 

 

new voait (AP) Democrat
Edward. Koch relide a coine-
from nowhere campsigttv'l'uesday to
win election as the l05th mayor in

New. York City‘s. history.» and ,

became its first bachelor chief 0x;
ecutive in exaaly a century.

The bald. '6-foot-l_-incb( con-
gressman jumped off toan early lead

over his'cliie'f rival. Secretary of ~

State MarioCuomo. whomdie had

twice  in' the Democratic, '

primary and runoff. The latter‘made
a ﬁnal bid on the Liberal party
ticket. ,‘ ; 1 J ' A

a ‘well nigh unwavering 50 to 42 per

cent lead from the initial vote count ~

that began at ‘9 p.m. when the city's
4.779 polling. places closed.

Democratic winner had exactly half
the votes in a four-man race.
overshadowed by Gov. Hugh
Carey‘s influence. by unsupported
rumors about Koch‘s personal life.
by the unlikely issue (if capital
punishment and by the early defeat
of an incumbent mayor. With 98
per cent of the votes tallied. the total
was 702.039 for Koch; 578.904 .or-4l
per cent. for Secretary of State
Mario Cuomo. who ran asa Liberal;
(H.822. or ﬁve per cent. for
Republican Roy Goodman. and 58.-

'. 93}

589. or four per cent. for Conser-
vative BarryFarber. Another vic-
tor in a city where Democrats out-
number Re'publicani ﬁve to one qua
Carol Bellamy. a 35 year old
Democratic state senator from
Brooklyn who won a landslide elec-
tion as president of the City coun-
_ oil. The largely ceremonial ofﬁce,
which pays $50,000 annually. is non-
etheless a heartbeat away from the
mayoralty and has often beenjust an
election away.
- Assemblyman Ari-
. drew Stein. whose father Jerry
Finkelstein has long been a political
power. handily defeated the son of
former Mayor Robert Wagner Jr.
for Manhattan borough president.
Stein had won the Democratic
primary, and Wagener ran as a
Republican and Liberal. ln subur-
ban areas. Democratic incumbent
Alfred DeIBello won re-election in
Westchester County. in Nassau
County, Francis Purcell, who
wrested the Republican nomination
from incumbent candidate Ralph G.
Caso. beat back a challenge by
Democratic Assemblyman Irwin
Landis. Maurice Nadjari. ousted
as the state‘s anti-corruption
prosecutor last year. failed to unseat
incumbent Democrat John J. San-

'tucei Vas Queens. district at-

torney. With only a six percent
recognition factor l0 months ago,
Rock signed up David Garthto runs
media campaign that cost $600,000
before the primary in September and
5220.000 in the past six
weeks. Koch and Cuomo each
blitsed the city with a half million
pieces of literature over the weekend,
and an Associated Press-NBC poll
of more than 2,700 voters as they
ﬁnished balloting shows that 59 per
cent of them had decided on their
candidate at least a month
ago. Koch drew predicted support
from liberals. Jews and members of
minority groups. but the minority
vote was unusually low. Cuomo's
strength was in conservative sec-
tions. among Catholics and by
Italians. The AP-NBC poll also in-
dicatcd that Koch enjoyed the legacy
of districts that had gone strongly for
Mayor Abraham D. Beame, who en-
dorsed him after losing the primary
election to become the city's l05th
mayor. acchs the river in New
Jersey, Governor Brendan Byrne
fought off a Republican challenger
and the distinction of being the
governor who instituted the state‘s
first income tax to remain in the
Governor's mansion

Voters Down Carey’s Bond Issue

NEW YORK (AP) Gov. Hugh
Carey‘s proposal for a major bond
issue went down to a crushingdefeat
Tuesday. dashing hopes for an
election-year package of money to
spend on projects he said would
stimulate the state‘s economy.

But in it strttewide referendum.
Ncw York voters approved a
package of court "reform"
amendments to the stritc constitu-
tion. including one surrendering
their right to elect the judges ofthe
Court of Appeals.

The voters rejected the idea ofcall-
mg a convention to revamp the state
constitution. But they approved a
measure to allow the legislature to
increase pensions for the widows and
widowcrs of former public
employees.

The $750 million “economic
development" bond plan. which
headed the list of lo statewide issues
on the ballot with rt host of local clcc-
tion contests. was going down by
nearly two-to-onc.

ROSIE. NY (AP) Republican father

I
Ma or Comm
con/infiwa Iron! page one a
with,“

Rubcni contends that he entered
the race to perform it public service.
It has also been said that he entered
the race to mrikc himself known in
the community to prepare for future
politicrtl efforts.

Presently. the 37—year-old politi-
cirtn is Head of the Political Science
Department at Sicntt College, and
ttorlts lor the New York State
Scnritc as Deputy Director of the
Administrative chulrttions Review
( tinimtttcc.

hiritc Senator llugh l‘tirley said at
Rt'publicttn l’urty Hcttdqurtrtcrslhat
Rulictti will he heard from in the
Ioiurc because he is "ambitious iii
pttllllL'\ "

lhctc is some speculation that
ltuliciit tttll be running against
llmt..itl \olitn ticxtfrilllorthe State

sunny \t'tll \olttn now occupies.

| tiil night. Ruberti said this was
"I don‘t have any strong
[lilllllt'tll interests now." he sitid. “l
l|.|\t no pnritculrtr plans for the
ltllllll

ltril stt

PAGE TWO

beat Democratic son in the race for
Rose town justice. but the two men
were too busy harvesting the crops
Tuesday to chew their nails about
the results.

BUFFALO (AP) State Sen. James
D. Griffin defeated black
Assemblyman Arthur 0. Eve and
Republican John J. Phelan for
mayor of the state‘s second largest
city Tuesday.

POUGHKEEPSIE, NY (AP)
Democrat-Conservative Coun-
cilman John T. Kennedy defeated
Mayor Robert E. Ahmen. rt
Republican. Tuesday.
LOCKPORT. NY (AP) Republican
Joan T. Radccke became the first
woman to be elected mayor of
Lockpon when she defeated incum-
brint Democrat Michael W. Shanley
on Tuesday in this traditionally
Republican city.

Shanley. down 4.49l-4.|04 with
80 per cent of the votes unofﬁcially
counted. conceded dcferit.
RENSSELAER. NY (AP) Mayor
Joseph P. Mink. rt Democrat. won a
second. four-year term Tuesday. Un-
ofﬁcial returns said Mink won by
about 400 votes of 5.000 cast. in the
race against the man he defeated in
I973. Republican Fred Harrigan.
BINGHAMTON. NY (AP) Mayor
Alfred J. Libous. a Republican. won
an unprecedented third term Tues-
day against Democrat James
Richard Shiel.

SYRACUSE, NY (AP) Lee Alex-'
ander. president of the US. Con-
ference of Mayors. Tuesday won a
third four-year term as mayor of
New York‘s ﬁfth largest city.
-Proposition No. l. the bond issue.
defeated. 947.829 yes to l.364.740
no.

-Question No. l. on calling a con-
stitutional convention, defeated.
909.448 yes to l.292.851 no.
-Amendment No. l. to allow up-
pointment of the Court of Appeals.
passes. l.2l5.243 yes to l.036.25l
no.

—Amendment No. 2. to centralize rid-
ministration of the courts. passed.l.—
3i l.952 yes to 926.246 no.
-Amendment No. 3. to change
procedures for disciplining judges.
passed. l.486.934 yes to 809.096 no.
-Amendment No. 4. to allow in-
creases in the jurisdiction of local
courts. defeated. |.009.045 yes to l.-
l26.279 no.

-Amendment No. 5.to allow in—
creases in widow's pensions. passed
l.3l7.630 yes to 993.734 no.
-Amendmcnt No. 6. to allow filling
of vacancies on school boards. I.-
089.936 yes to 1.052.656 no.
-Amcndment No. 7. to increase loan
ceiling of Job Dcvelpment Authori-
ty. defeated. l.042.l86 yes to l.13l.
201 no.

-Amcndmcnt No. B. to expand types
of businesses eligible for JDA lorins.
passes. |.158.74J yes to 975.45l no.

District Attorney

minimer /rom pung mu‘

pact. The race itself has shown that
people are concerned. The voters of
Albany County are ’a' more aware
of the DA's role than they were
before the election." he said.

Moss' bid for election ended on “a
strong note" with a door-to-door
campaign which began on
November 4 and lasted one hundred
hours. said Campese.

“His campaign let many college
students and young people into the
Albany County Republican Com-
mittee.“ stud Compesc. “The loss of
Kevin Moss was a disappointment to
the Party."

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Moss told the press that he “would
run as hard a face as we have" if he
had to do it all again. "1 have no
regrets whatsoever. I have enjoyed
immensely running for ofﬁce." he
said.

As figures from the city‘s wrirds
trickled in to Republican head~
quarters and were tallied on a large
btilletin board. sympathetic sup-
porters and dazed campaign workers
who had been up since 4 a.m. slowly
left for Kevin Moss‘ "victory party"
at the Quality lnn on Everett Road.

Outside. the Moss Mobile stood in
the rain.

NEWS BRIEFS

SovlatsAecuaad or Causing Blood or...»

MOSCOW (AP) Medical tests show that one of every 29 adults at the
us. Embassy in Moscow suffers from a mysterious blood condition
resulting in abnormally high levels of white blood cells. embassy
sources said Tuesday. Some scientists dispute previous official
embassy claims that Soviet microwave radiation of the embassy
building has nothing to do with the blood counts. Comparative ﬁgures
for the frequency of the same high levels of white cells in the United
States do not exist, but the sources said there was no question that
abnormalin has been found in Moscow.

Lance CID. Public Support

DENVER (AP) Bert Lance says he enjoys “great support from the
American people" despite his leaving office in September after being
accused of questionable personal ﬁnancial practices. Lance resigned as
director of the Ofﬁce of Management and Budget after a Senate
investigation into his ﬁnancial affairs. Lance said he currently owes
about $5 million. “One thing is obvious.” Lance told reporters
Monday. “The allegations, whetherthey had substance or not. became
the whip to say I'd lost my effectiveness." “It wasn't a very pleasant
experience. but it was a maturing experience." he said. “it brought our
family together. We grown from it.”

Cuban and 0.8. Profs Meet

NEW HAVEN (AP) A delegation of seven Cuban scholars returned
home this week after the ﬁrst meeting since l96l of Cuban and US.
professors. a Yale University professor said Tuesday. A cordial
atmosphere existed at the Cubans‘ unpublicized meeting with l3 US.
professors late last month at an estate in Mt. Kisco. N.Y.. owned by
Yale. said Professor Alfred ‘Stepan. chairman of Yale‘s Council on
Latin American Studies. “Both sides expect that this will openthe door
for increased academic exchanges in the future." he said. The C uhrin
visit appeared to be another step toward friendlier relations between
the two neighboring nations since the United States severed relations
with Cuba in l96l.

Conflict Flares on Iaraall Border

BEIRUT. Lebanon (AP) lsraeli and Palestinian gunners duels across
the Lebanese border Tuesday in the worst breach of their Sept. 26
truce. Officials said one Israeli and six Lebanese civilians were killed.
Each side accused the other of startingthe shelling. which pounded t he
lsraeli coastal resort of Nahariya and at least adozen Lebancscrowns.
villages and refugee camps along the border from the Mediterranean
to the mountains in the southwest. Lt. Gen. Mordecai Gur. the Israeli
chief of staff, said his forces had “bombarded sources of the rocket
ﬁre" in Lebanon. Lebanese ofﬁcials said the Israel shelling continued
past dark. seven hours after it started.

Arab Klllad in Bulldozer l-‘llot

NAZARETH. lsrael(AP) An orderto bulldoze an illegally built huusc
touched off a riot Tuesday that killed an Arab and injured about 30
police and Arabs in a village in northern lsrael. police and witnesses
said. The Arabs in Majd el-Crum. |0 miles from the Mediterranean
coastlon the main road linking Haifa to Safad.took tothestrcets when
interior Ministry workers appeared to tear down the house. According
to police. hundreds of townspeople attacked the bulldozers. then
blocked the highway and stoned passing cars.

Pregnant Woman Avolds Squeeze
FOLCROFT.Pa. (AP) Sue Pclzti is pregnant and scared and won‘t go
home until Eric is found. so her husband is considering rt wild rill!-
chickens or naked women its bait. Eric. no snake inthe grass is a 36-foot
boa constrictor who disappeared two weeks ago from his cage and is
believed to be hiding in the cracks under the floor or in the walls.
“Everyone tells me that lshouldn‘t be afraid ofit. but i can‘t help it."
said Sue. 23. awaiting her ﬁrst child. “I‘m almost eight months
pregnant and I'm scared that it might make me gointo lribor if l 5in it."
So. she‘s living with her mother. not far from this suburbrtn
Philadelphia community. while her steclworker husbrind. Mike. hllnl5
for Eric. his 5-pound. ycur-old pct. Mike srtys Eric is tiffectionritc. but
not fun to find.
I

leon s Attorney Urges Against Tape Release
WASHl‘NGTON (AP) Richard M. Nixon will suffer "mcnliil
angutsh and embarrassment iftlic public is allowed to licrtr 3t) Whuc
House tripe-recordings used to convict his closest aides, Nixon‘s
:awycrs said Tuesday. But attorney Edward Bennett Williams. ruguutg
or the release of the Watergate tapes. told the Supreme Court: “i don't
MOW Of My common law right not to be embarrassed by tinc'\
tnculpritory words." At issue before the court's ninejustices arc the
mP05 l’lﬂl’lfd during the I974 Watergate cover-up trial of Nixon‘s
closest rtdvtsers. A federal appeals court ruled more than rt year its"
“1‘” if“: “chs “rtrc no longer confidential.

Carter Expected to Raise Sugar Prices
WASHINGTON (Al') The Agriculture Department recommended
luesduy rt series of new fees on imported sugar that could hiltc lllt'
price consumers pity for the reﬁtted product by iitore thrin 3 cents :t
pound. President Carter was expected to impose the higher izttcs l7.)
proclamation by Wednesday. The higher rates are intended to ptolCL‘l
doillcsuc Sugar. producers froin unrestricted cheaper imports. Iliul
action. along With it new price-support program for sugar growers lllill
was put into effect immediately. was mandated by rm otnnibUs ttirtii
bill which Carter signed six wdcks ago.

NOVEMBER 9, 1977

by .llll Haber

A Title lX study which showsthat
women make less money than men in
comparable jobs and are
"underutilized" at SUNYA was
presented to SUNYA President Vin-
cent O'Leary and his corp of vice
presidents Monday.

The SUNYA Affirmative Action
()l'licc conductcd an evaluation in
riccordrincc with one of the re-
quitcnicnts by the l'illc IX regula-
tion prohibiting discrimination
against women iii education. The
study. which was conducted from
Feb. to June til this year. was headed
by SUNYA Associate Afﬁrmative
Action ofﬁcer Gloriu De Sole rind
consullrtnl Norma Rrifl'el.

According to the study. only 20
per cent of the full time faculty
members are women. They tend to
be clustered til the lower end of the
riciidemic rririks; only seven per cent
of tlic lull prolcssors rirc women.

In every rtciitlcriitc position except
that ol |ccturcr.wonicn rtrc priid less
than thcir mrilc counterparts. in thc
rrinks ol iioii-tcuching professionals
such as rcsidcncc hrill directors and
tcscrticli assistants. women comprise
12 pct cciit ol the work lorcc illld ilft:

ltlittit‘s \ote: first in ri series on
Si \YA‘s Allirnirititc Action
Report illltl the stutus of women
llL'It.‘

Women’s Status at SUNYA.

paid less than men in every area ex-
cept at thelevel of research associate.

According to DeSole, “What we
think is necessary is a basic salary
equity study or inequity study. Just
the fact that we're making a study
will have an immediate effect. What
we care about is not indicting but
everyone getting paid what he or she
deserves."

According to Vice President of
Univesity Affairs Lewis Welch. “One
must determine inequity in an in-
dividual case. Once determined. we
have to have the capability to redress
the inequities which means that
resources must be available. You
can‘t do it if you don‘t have the
resources.“

De Sole said “lfmen were working
for less money than women you‘d
ﬁnd the money. It‘s rt question of
prioiritics."

The report states thrit women
students are underrepresented in the
departments of Econotnics.
Geography. Atmospheric Science.
Chemistry. Computer Science.
Geology. Physics. Accounting rind
Business Administration.

Women faculty are un-
derrepresented in‘thc departments of
French. German. Hispanic and
ltrilirtn Studies. Philosophy. Psy-
chology. Sociology. Public Ad-
m'tnislrution. Chemistry. Computer
Science. Geology. Mathematics.

UPS/MARK SASS

Answering a wldc range of questions. SUNY Chancellor-deslgnate
Clltton Wharton avoided specltlcs at a press contereneelast Monday.

Business School Reviews Admission Criteria

by .I.M. Reilly

The Undergraduate Committee
on Admissions and Academic Strin-
ding is currently “revicwing and
rcevrtluriting“ the selection criteria
for admission into the Un-
dergraduate School of Business at
SUNYA. according to Associate
Dean of the School Donald Bour-
quc. The committee will determine
whether the current guidelines for
admission. established two years ago
at the directive of former SUNYA
President Emmett Fields. should be
changed.

A decision by Fields then es-
lublished ti limit of IOOO students to
be enrolled in the School's un-
dergruduatc program at one time.
This situation has caused the grade
point out off point for University
College applicants to rise from 2.6
two years ago to 2.85 for January ad-
mission. The cut off point for
transfer studetits is currently 3.3.

Accordingto Bourque. who is also

NOVEMBER 9. 1977

a member of the committee. some
things “are not as clearly stated as
they should have been" in the present
guidelines. Because of this. certain
problems have arisen over the past
two years in deciding who got in to
the school and who didn't. that the
committee hopes to straighten out.

"Essentially. riceording to the
current guidelines. admission to the
School is based on grade point
average” said Bourque. However.
grade poitit average alone can be
misleading. “ Many of the applicants
to the School have taken courses lll
other schools. and transferred here
after ri semester or two" Bourque
said. “How does the grade point
average of ti student such as this
compare with the grade point
average ofrt student who has done all
his course work here at SUNYA?"
The current guidelines do not clearly
state how this question should be
answered. although for the past two
years evaluators have concentrated

Educational Foundations and
Reading ’

Many of the recommendations in
the report deal with employment and
suggest that applicants be evaluated
solely on the basis of objective
criteria. that women be recruited and
“seriously consider " for manage-
ment positions and promotions. and
that a statement be ﬁled with the af-
ﬁrmative action ofﬁce stating why a
man was hired over a woman to ﬁll a
vacancy.

The insertion of a tion-
discrimination statement in virtually
all University literature is
recommended as well as removal of
the mrilc pronoun when referring to
students.

Another recommendation made
was that more women varsity sports
events should be scheduled at con-
venient times for spectators. positive
steps should be taken to publicize
women‘s teams to local news media
and that the ASP should increase its
coverage of women sports.

The major findings in the 98 page
report will be condensed and releas-
cd to the university community in rt
pamphlet prepared by the Afﬁr-
mative Action Ofﬁce.

Another regulation stipluatcd by
Title IX is the formalization of
grievance procedures for complaints
of unlawful discrimination.

Pour SUNYA Vice Presidents will

I.


UPS/[WE “All”

Vice Prealdent Lewls Watch said. “One must datarntlna lnaqulty In an
lndlvldual case. Once determined. we have to have the eapablllty to
redress the Inequltlea whleh meansthat resources must be available.“

study the report and develop plans
for implementation in their specific
jurisdictions to institute the
recommendations.

According to Vice President for
Business and FinanceJohn Htirtigan
“The relative proportion of women
and mules employed by campus is
something we must take a hard look
at in terms of recruitment." He cited
traditional stereotypingas a factor in

the underrepresentation of women.
both students and faculty in certain
tdepartmats. Hartjgan added that 3t
“more positive program“ would be

instituted in the Personnel Ofﬁce.
Vice President for Univesity Af-
fairs Lewis Welch. whose area of
responsibility includes athletics. stu-
dent affairs and Community
Relations said the report was
continued on page six

New Chancellor Speaks to Press

by Jonathan Hodges

in what amounted to little more
thriti ri “Mch the Albany Press
Corp" news conference. SUNY
Chancellor-designate Clifton Whar-
ton Jr. cnlcrlriined rt wide range of
questions concerning his new post.
but rcpcritcdly refused to go into
speciﬁcs citing his limited first hand
knowledge of the SUNY system.

Acctimpunicd by his wife and
SUNY liorird ol' 'l‘rustcss Vice-
Chairman James .I. Wrirrcii. Whrtr»
ton spoke on topics rrtngitig from his
decision to lcrtvc Michigan Strilc Uti—
ivcsity to he rind his wife‘s rejection
ol Clutnccllor House us their pernirt-
iicnt residence.

Wharton‘stripto Albany was mul-
tifold rind included conferences with
SUNY stuff. rttid meeting with
Governor Hugh Crirey rind Coin-
missionc;ofEductitionGordonAm-
buch.

Wharton. while expressing his
regret or leaving MSU. cited ris his

on work done here at SUNYA.

The School's admissions com-
mittee must choose its candidates
from two applicant pools:
applications from current SUNYA
students. provided to them by the
University College. and transfer
applications. The School admits 280
University College applicants cttch
fall. as well as approximately 100
transfer students.

These two applicant pools are
dealt with separately. rind do not
compete with each other. lzvcn
though the Business School expects
as many as 600 University College
applicants and 2000 transfer
applicants iii Full ‘78. it can still
accept only 280 rind lOl). respective-

y.

"lt's relatively easy to select the
ﬁrst hundred or so applicants" Bour-
quc said. “but how do you select the
last one. orthe lrtst tcn'! How do you
choose between it student with a 2.85
and a 2.9 cum'!“ The guidelines as

prime reason for accepting the
clirincellorship as. “the fact that in
my view the State Univesity of New
York has the greatest potential for
academic growth of any university
system in the country.“

When it was pointed out that
SUNY hrts reached a stable level of
enrollment rind might soon be facing
an enrollment decline as well as
serious budget cuts. Wharton
elitborrttcd on his statement of
SUNY's potential by describing that
he hopes the university will grow
“qualitatively” rather than “quan-
titrttively."

thn questioned along such im-
portririt itreris of interest ris the
struggle for control of higher educa-
tion between the State Board of
gRegcnts rind the SUNY trustees.
and the problems ofrccruiling qurili-
ty fttculty from outside the state.
Wharton frequently answered that
“it would be presumptuous of me to
answcrthrit question without having

they stand provide no answer to this
question. either.

Formerly. the problem wasn‘t as
acute as it looks today. According to
Bourque. “When we got down to the
lust few students. we could admit a
few more. so that we rcrichcd ti clctir
break point 'in academic standing."
He fears that with increased
applications rates. there will be no
clear “break point". and the ad-
niissioris committee will have to
decide between students on the basis
of if hundredth of rt grade point.

Bourque said that thch is it
possibility that the guidelines may be
expanded to include criteria other
than grade point averages. such as
performance in speciﬁc courses. or
frequency of withdrawal from
courses. The Committee is still in the
early stages of reviewing the current
guidelines. but hopes to have reach-
ed u decision and be ttble to make its
recommendations by early
December of this year.

.ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

thoroughly studied it.“ or “ask me in
six months.“

On the question of whether he felt
SUNY needed it faculty that includ-
ed scholars of national repute.
Wharton rinsWered that he felt “a
faculty requires certain individuals
whose peer evaluations merit the
highest seal of excellence."

Wharton rejected the hypothesis
.hat the tenure system protected the
incompetent. tcrming himself “a
great defender of the tenure system"
and that he felt it was essential tothc
idea of academic freedom.

“l vicw myselftis rt displaced facul—
ty person.“ said Wharton. adding
that if he wasn‘t an administrator iii
higher education he would most cer-
tainly be brick iii the classroom.

While Wharton fielded the ma-
iority of the questions risked. he
often turned to his wife for feedback.
following the trend set at the begin-
ning of the conference when Whar-
ton took pains to express the idea
that “me and Mrs. Wharton have
always worked as a team."

When Dolores Wliurton was ﬁnal-
ly risked ri question towards the end
of the conference. she stunned
newsmen describing Chancellor
House iii one word. "Inadequate."

The chancellor-designrttc‘s spouse
will probably not remain in the
background for too long. By occupa-
tion rt writer with at profound interest
in tin. Dolores Wharton has served
as the director on such corporate
giants as Kellogg Company and
Phillips Petroleum. its well as on the
board of the New York Museum of
Modern Art and the Detroit in-
stilulc of Arts.

With the couple‘s rejection of
Chancellor House. the University is
now obligated to search for suitable
housing as outlined in Wharton‘s
contract. The practice of providing
housing to the heads ofuniversities is
a long standing tradition in higher
education.

Wharton will be conﬁrmed as
chancellor later this month at a
Trustee‘s meeting in New York City.

He is expected to trike over ofﬁcially
us of Jan. 1.

lBAGE THREE

 

