T- “Wm—4&2 nee—Ham. .

 

 

 

 

 

 

 ill Advisers

by 11- w. . , 

On’=Monday. Auguatrl. the house at 324
Western Avenue went up in ﬂames.
Fortunately. it was early evening and the six
SUNYA students who were subletting there
for the summer easilyteseaped injury. They
received emergency aid from the American
Red Cross for their immediate needs.
primarily food and clothing. and they were
able to arrange for temporary
accommodations on campus. All of the
students' belongings were either seriously
damaged or destroyed by the ﬁre.

Tltis is not the ﬁrst ﬁre involving off-
campus SUNYA students. (Last November. a
ﬁre at 38 Dove Street resulted not only in
extensive property damage. but also in serious
injuries to the students themselves). And it is
probably not the last. If anything positive can
come out of this kind of misfortune, it will be a
greater awareness on the part of other students
about'ﬁre safety. This is juat one of the many
concerns and responsibilities we must address
in order to realize more fully the comfort and
pleasure that off-campus living can provide.
Many students have high hopes about off-
campus life. especially at this time of year. but
these hopes can sometimes be crushed by the
deceit of a landlord and/or the students‘ own
lack of knowledge with regard to their rights
and responsibilities as tenants.

The hassles that develop out of such deceit
or laclt of information are usually minor.
ranging from a faulty refrigerator to
misunderstanding a clause in a lease. If they
are not handled properly. however. the
problems may rapidly become more serious. A
faulty refrigerator could lead to the tragedy of
a ﬁre. a legal misunderstanding might end in
the confusion and helplessness of eviction. in a
city with a two-percent vacancy rate in rental
units. that is not a pleasant prospect.

This is a picture of off-campus living at its
potential worst. and it need not happen to
anyone. The best way to avoid trouble is
through information and the organization of
offcamptts students. And startingthis fall. this
can become a little easier.

The Off Campus Association in
conjunction with the Off Campus Housing

Ofﬁce. has instituted a special propant .for
aiding. informing. and organizing the mass of
approximately 4500 students presently living

off campus.- Theprogram has been designed to

serve a dual purpose: a preventative function,
informing students of potential difﬁculties. as
well as a corrective function. offering
assistance once any problems have developed.
Six Off Campus Advisors—Roberta
Kochman. Andrea Greber. John Kennedy.
Howard Straker. Marlyn Wiener and myself,
Tim Ledwith, have begun work and are
available in the Off Campus Housing Ofﬁce
(near check cashing) to offer information and
to help with particular problems. ,

The advisors are not lawyers. and as such.
they cannot offer leyl counsel. These
advisors. however. have lived off campus and
have helped other students deal with
problems. Through this experience. as well as
thorough training in landlord-tenant law
provided by United Tenants of Albany. these
advisors have acquired the skills necessary for
assisting fellow off-campus studentsindealing
with problems.

There is a great diversity of circumstances
under which off campus students live. Many
live in the “student ghetto" in the old, blue
collar neighborhoods around Alumni Quad.
others in new suburban garden apartments
complete with indoor tennis courts and central
air conditioning. and still other spread out
over the entire Albany area. But every person
living off campus. whether he or she frequents
Bogart's or the Fountains. is placed in the
same unique position. For the most part. we
have no political influence because most off-
campus SUN YA students do not legally reside
in this area. And. realistically. if you vote in
Brooklyn or Bethpage or Batavia. local
ofﬁcials in the Albany area have little
motivation to respond to your needs as a
tenant here. This frustrating situation clearly
points out the necessity for organization
among off campus dwellers. Maybe that will
help to prevent. or at least to more fully
prepare us for the kind of emergency that
happened last month at 324 Western Avenue.
After all. there is safety. and a much better
shot at solving problems. in numbers.

 

 

 

 

/ .
\ -

 

jWFEIFFER

I holiday
hangup '

To the Etltor:
I am writing this letter because I have

' become quite upset about my plans for: this

coming weekend. I am planning to spend the

‘ Jewish holidays with my family at home. but

as things look now. I won't beable to go home
until Monday evening The holiday begins at
sundown on Monday and instead of being
home or in temple at that time. I will probably
be in a car on the thruway.

I ﬁnd it very short-sighted that the
administration has closed the school on
Tuesday and Wednesday (Sept. l3 and I4) and
not closed it or made it a half day on Monday
(Sept. l2). the day preceding the holiday.

Many students who are observingthe holiday '

will have to be either in a car riding home when
the holiday begins or miss a day of classes.

Unfortunately many like myself have too ~

many important classes to afford to miss an
entire day.

By the time this letter is seen by the
administration it will be too late for anything
to be done for Rosh Hashonah. but I hope it
will not be too late for some changes to be
made before the Yom Kippur holiday on
Thursday, Sept. 22.

This university should follow the example
of SUNY Oneonta which will be closed the
Monday before the Rosh Hashonah holiday
and the Friday after Yom Kippur.

Joel Korn

hotel“?
housing

To the Editor:

What is wrong with this University/l

Three years ago there was overcrowding in
the dorms. people were tripled and living in
lounges. Two years ago. the administration
introduced us to thcjoys of true downtown
living as students were housed in the
Wellington Hotel. Last year plans were
ﬁnalized and movement begun to house
students in Mohawk Tower to avoid the

overcrowding in the dorms.

This year. we again receive news of
emeruney overflow-housing provisions being
m by the Hurting Department to house
students in the Country Squire Motel.

Why is overﬂow hotfaing always necessary?
Why can‘t administrators either accurately
anticipate the amount of students they will
have to house. or restrict the number of
students to the vacancies available? Adjusting
to a new life style is difficult enough without

.being stuck in a motel ﬁve miles from

nowhere.
Name withheld by request

fantastic
test

To the Editor:

People and Food. sponsors of last
semester's "Fast for the Hungry." would like
to thank the one thousand students and
faculty whose encouraging support and
participation made our April event a clear
success. Recent reports from CROP. recipient

_of the proceeds. conﬁrm that one hundred and

ﬁfty students fasted to raise a total of
$3.430.l3 from sponsors throughout the
SUNYA community. As planned. the money
will go towards long-term aid projects in the
impoverished third world and to a local
Albany hunger-ﬁghting agency.

The fast has made a small but hopeful
impact on the horror of a hungry world. We
expect it is only a beginning for Albany.
especially because of the growing concern ol
those who attended the programming during
the fast on Colonial Quad.

Thank you again, for a successful
beginning.

Lynn l‘rII’dcll
Publicity Chairpermn
People anti loud

The ASP tee/comm It'm'n m I/Il‘
editor. All [alters nnm bu Ir/iml.
triple-spared, and signed. xlt/tlrt'tt
(III It‘llt‘I'K lo the t'zlimriu/ pugm
editor. t‘/() [he ASI’, in rant/rm
L't‘lllt‘r room 329.

 

 

 

 

chaot

 

 

 

 

 

 

“it “11"..

 

Hill‘ilvl l -
“nu” """HnulﬂlMINIHNMHHHUIHIIIIlull“NIHtllllilnlﬂﬁlnuttlttlt'.~- .a

 

 

September I. 1017

 

 

 

 

* 1M

,7/ / 1" r 'rv
. [Jaw/Ms
 W

“if
ﬂp?‘
I V 

1—.

y'all

an
if

Fountain
Of Money?

Page 3A

 

 

 

 

 

 

