 

 

 

.. ._./., -,..:.__ ,c .- ~___.,- _

‘ .5...::ts_.¢~.r.n,~ was)“

tailoring] . Q9
’ The (In/(7 a tickefsﬁa, ’ '
‘M”’§%‘b ’2”)- iiz'”‘¢"‘~ ' "is
 ’ "‘ "a "3ii“"‘is
Ge“
Partial/funded by

SUpers Forum
and SA Operating Join to Present

The Recombinant DNH
Reseorch Controversy:
The Opposition

I Speaking Will Be-

Dr. Jonathan King -
M]. T. Microbiologist
Francine Simring -
' Coordinator of the committee for
responsrb/e genetic research

Ted Howard -
Author of the first book on the social
and ethical implications of DNA research

FREEl!

(Thisis side of the DNA controversy the
v Administration refused to present.)

Wednesday May 4th 7:30 pm
Campus Center Ballroom

funded by student association

 

 

 

3rd Annual Open Kung Fu/Karate
' , T0urnament

date: Saturday, May 7th
time: 11:00 am. - flnals'

pl_ac_e: Hudson Valley
Community College

—See Black Belts in Kung Fu and Karate
Compete For a §_fL Grand Champion

Trophy also
yrie tat Weapons Competition ﬁg

A Aot'uss ON

ﬁfth ID—ﬂao
w/autxo- 2.00

 

 

 

 

Qoor-
%-’th ID - "7-50
wllwt 10- 3-00
Sponsored by:
SUNYA White Dragon
Hudson Valley Karate
Club

 

funded by student association

SPEAKERS FORUM

Presents as a Part of Spring Weekend

ROB€RT KL€|H

—Comedian-

FRIDAY, MAY 6
8.00 PM

Ul‘lNERng GYM
$1.50 W/THX
$9.50 G€H€RHL PUBLIC
‘lfm‘ ’0 ‘IUW’HUWN dormr and the Wellington. "

"La/c hila’t‘i‘ will fit‘ [)ftlt’fflt!

“Tickets are available in the SA
Contact Ofﬁce. (Plenty Leftl)” 

One ticket per tax card.

 

 

:oFFiceorcoiiiirituutrv; cautious

 

V A  Stewart

HOnored

Margaret Stewart. professor of
biology. has been named a State
university ol Ncw'York Distinguished
Teaching Professor in recognition of
superior classroom teaching. The honor
was bestowed by the SUNY board of
trustees lor “unique teaching
accomplishments. expertise and
scholarship in academic discipline. and
constant and constructive attempts to
help students achieve.“

Dr, Stewart. who joined the faculty
here in l956. is one of nine faculty
members at SUNY campuses to be
singled out lor their outstanding ability

Leon Botstein
To Speak Here

|.con Botstein. president of Bard
College and. at 30. the youngest college
president in the United States. will be the
third speaker In the university lecture
series. "’I he Idea of a University—
Rcvisited.“ Hts talk. "Higher Learning in
America." will be presented at l p.m.
Wednesday in the Campus Center
Ballroom.

Harry l‘l'lSCh. chemistry. Will moderate
the program. l'iinclists Will be l‘rcdcrtck
Itehariiell. tierman: Harold Cannon.
business: and l'l'tlttClHL‘ l‘l‘illlk. Hispanic
and Italian studies,

Distinguished tor his innovative ideas.
Holstein was appointed to his present
position at Bard College. Annandale-on-
Hudson. to l‘)75. Before that he was
president ol l-ranconia College.
l'iiincoitiii. .\.ll.. lroni l‘)7l)-l975. He has
been special assistant to the president of
the board ol education ol New York City
and has taught at Harvard.

By SUNY

and service as classroom teachers;
Appointment as a Distinguished teaching
Professor constitutes promotion to a
rank above full professor.

’l‘he biologist is noted for her ability to
urge students to pit themselves against
their own limitations and for inspiring
many to the pursuit of biology in their
future work. Her excitement about the
material she presents is evident in
informal field trips and in the classroom
as well. Her insistence that greater
support be given environmental matters

has led to the establishments of 8/ h

successlul “People and Resources in
Ecological Perspective“ course here.

Dr. Stewart has a Bachelor of Arts
lrom the University of North Carolina at
Greensboro and a Master of Arts from
the University of North Carolina at Chapel
Hill. She earned her doctorate in
vertebrate zoology at Cornell University.

A SUNY-Wide advisory committee
chaired by John Corso. distinguished
professor ol psychology at the College at
Cortland. screens campus applications
and presents them to the chancellor and
trustees for their consideration.

Leon Botstein

Civil Service Exams
To Be Offered

Application lorms and information
about the lollowiiig (.‘ivil Servrcetcsts are
intiiliiblc lorm the Personnel ()llicc.
Dates in parentheses indicate application
deadlines.
2457i) Clinical laboratory Investigator
lrlbl
2-1-50! l lcciioiuc t'oinptitcr()pcrator(5-
Ill)

Is-Soti Principal l-iiginecring lechiticuin
(Water) lS-Io)

24-569 lltiliiy l‘llltlnL‘lill Analyst. Asso.
(5-16)

24-566 lltility l-inancial Analyst.
l'iinciptil (S-Io)

TONER TFIIBLI‘E

Published weekly when clones are in
session by the Ohm of Community
Relations. State University of New
York at Albany. as a service tothc un-
iversity community. Submit itch.
properly identified. in writing at least
one week prior to publication date. to
Administration 237. For f utther infor-
mation call 7490i.

 

 

MAY 3. 1977

24—5nx Senior Social Sci'Viccs Program
Specialist (5-Itt)

24-507 Senior Social Scrwccs Planning
Specialist l5-lo)

274th Chicl Communications ,Rates
Analyst (5-lti)

27-051 Law Department ReporterlS-lb)
27-(14‘) llcaltli lzdtication Media
Specialist (5-2.1)

27-055 Nutrition Consultatit-Program
lor the Aging (5-23)

27—64l Psychiatric Social Worker l(6-o)
27-642 Psychiatric Social Worker ll (6-6)

Luther Andrews‘ forty-six years of distinguished service was noted on campus last
week at it banquet in his honor. More than 300 persons attended the event held inthe .
Campus Center Ballroom. Dr. and Mrs. Andrews are shown. with President Fields.

olding a testimonial which reads. in part. “in grtititude for his devotion to the

University and to the professional and personal development of his students and
colleagues.“ Professor of physics and former department chairman for 25 years. the
guest of honor received numerous tributes from guest speakers. including Clifton
'fliornc. president. Blue Shield of Northeastern New York. inc.. formerly vice
president tor student affairs here. Dr. 'I‘horne gave the principaladdress. Dr. Andrews
is a State University of New York Distinguished 'l‘eacbing Professor and the current
record holder in service in all of the four SUNY university centers.

Campus News Briefs

~l'hc l‘llClllly Wives Association is
conducting its second drive for new and
next-to—new clothing. linen. bric-a-brac.
accent lurnisltings. and small appliances.
Contributions. which are tax-deductible.
\till he sold at the Suuirt Shop of Arbor
Hill Community Ccnteriind proceeds will
be used both to build the Cooperative
Scholarship l‘tlntl and to supplement the
center‘s operational budget. Initial
scholarships ol $5lill-l.tltl(l will be
awarded in June to academically
competent students from low income
lamiltes. Students from Albany High.
Cardinal McCloslxey. lroy High. Linton.
and Mont l'lcasant are eligible. Persons
\\ishingtocontribtttctotlicdrivcortothc
land may call l’atrtciii Mascarenlias (439-
0579). Lillian Johiipoll (456-0771).
Marcia Cockrcll (459-3900). or Yolanda
i\ix l7-4Xli.l or 4xu-75t l).

reams

A master‘s thesis exhibition leaturing
the \tttl'hs of tour young artists will open
Sunday in thc linitersity Art Gallery. A
reception is sclicdtilcd Sunday lrom 2~4
p.m. for Pamela Napier Boyer
(lithographs and drawings). Sue Bryant
(paintings and prints), Reginald Keith
Garrett (paintings). and Susan (iravcs
Rivettc (paintings). All are completing
requirements for their master of arts
degrees.

*l#*‘

The first in a series ol programs
sponsored by the Accounting
Department Will leature (ieorgc Staubus.
director ol research ol the l‘llttlltClitl
Accounting Standards Board. speaking
on “'I he Workings ol the l‘ASB." at it)
am. Monday. May 9. in Lecture Center

Three Members Of Computing
Center To Be Promoted

three members of the Computing
Center have received promotions.
Uraham Burrell has been named assistant
director. in charge of computer
operations and production. He has been
manager of produetion scheduling and
quality control. .lohn 'l‘uccke has been
promoted to assoctate director and will be

responsible for a staff of 46. He formerly
was assistant director. Robert licske hits
been promoted to assistant director of the
Computing Center. in charge ofdata base
administration. He was manager of data
base systems.

The promotions Were announced by
Robert Robinson, director ofthe center.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

21. the programs wrll bring to the
campus leaders lroni the academic and
business held to air news on current
accounting issues and policies.
momma
Hudson Winn. professor of biology.
“Ill scrtc as grand marshall lor the I977
commencement exercise. succeeding
I tithcr Alldt‘cus. At commencement. the
procedure lor liooding doctoral
recipients “ill revert to that of two years
ago. uhcrchy doctoral recipients
participating in the ceremony Will be
hootch by their minor dissertation
lltlHStti‘s or by it representative of the
committee or department. Questions
icgiirding the procedures should be
directed to Richard l‘arrcll. assistant
dean ol graduate studies (7-4036).
antitrust
lnlormiition about thc l'ollowuig
campus jtth \acancics is available from
the Personnel tillicc. 74929: l'77-lx.
\L‘\L’t'lll piii't—tiiiic lccttti'cships in physical
education teaching. coaching. and
iccicuttoii; l’77-.lli. research iissociiitc.
hitting}; l'77-22. computer programmer.
Space Astronomy Laboratory.
$****
llie l977 Paul C. lemon l’rt/e Lecture
vull be dclivcrcd at it lhursday evening by
Charles Wurstci'. ol the Marine Seicnccs
ltcscarcli Center. State University at
Stony Brook. His address. scheduled in
the l‘ci'lorming Arts Recital Hall. is
entitled “Environmental Carcinogens:
llteir ldentilictttton and Regulation."
This year's winner of the
Lemon l‘ri/e for outstanding theses on
topics relatedtoenvtronmcntalscienccsis
Kenneth Bogdan lor his research and
paper on “ I he Relative Abundtinccs and
l-iltcr-I‘eeding BehaVior of Zooplankton:
Clues to Coexistence in the Pelagic
Envrronmcnt." His was chosen from
among 289 papers submitted.
*‘t‘t

New ollicci's tor the l977—78 University
Senate are Francine Prank. Hispanic and
Italian studies. chairman-elect. and Kevin
Burke. geology. secretary. New members
of the executive committee are Robert
tliirdt. criminaliustice. Paul Meadownsn
sociology. and the NW member is Louise
'l'ornatorc. psychology.

PAGE SEVEN

 

 

 

