 

_ I I . ,ngto‘b’lerserk. I
' . . : ‘man‘ who.dealt:with the more
“ extreme rea’cti , '

3 Anderson said. Security was called.-

bersertt as a resultof the snow — be;
ing cooped 'iup." said the‘ ofﬁcers

- “She had a hammer and chisel,
and started“ breakin up: things.”

I “Originally she trimmers. \tLitll a

H Anderson said one woman std-'1

, , uliedher wrists‘during the
snowed-in period.'. ' " ‘ g

_ “That was an end result of an over-
abundance of alcohol," said one of
Anderson's lieutenants. The woman.
who survived. told security police

‘ Price of

(AP) New York State natural gas
users may have turned down their
thermostats, but the increased use of
gas this winter has inﬂated their utili-
ty bills.

The Niagara Mohawk Power
Corp.. upstate's largest utility, said
Monday its gas revenues in the last
three months of 1976 were nearly 40
per cent above the same period a
year earlier.

Prices (lirUP

The unusuallycold weather. plus a
rate hike granted the company and
increased federal ceilings on gas
prices. raised sales to $60.9 million.
compared to $43.5 million for the
same period the year before.

With curtailments and conserva-

hamriier.” Two campus” policemen

talked her oitt.oi_",the violent lit.

. Both women committed

themselves ton psychiatric hospital.
“It brings out the best and the

Worst." Anderson said'of the‘rnost,

intense blizzard in the history of this

city. 5

_ Whiledrinkingwasthemosttvide-

ly reported activity, some students

 

 

“ doorways and others did stunts «
One 'studeiit,.dreued in and and
‘ white Woman's bathing suit, ran the v ‘

football-field distance between two
dormitories to win an $8 bet. The

runner, Plainview. L.I. senior Tomi
Bradley, said he then sprinted an ad- .

ditional‘half-mile to a high-rise dor-
mitory “for the heck of it.”
Beach Party

Others preferred indoor fantasies.

Barbara KarPP. a sophomore
from East Norwich, L.1.. said she
help organize a beach party in her
ﬁfth-ﬂoor hallway.

“We made sure there was enough
dirt on the floor to simulate a .real
beach." she said.

Natural Gas to Rise

tion efforts in January. gas use fell
4.3 per cent.eventhough the Weather
averaged about half a degree colder
every day this January.

Spokesmen for both Niagara
Mohawk and the Public Service
Commission said it was too early to
tell what the final impact will be on
the average consumer’s bill.

The utility spokesman said,
however, it did not envision the $10
refunds being made to gas customers
of Rochester Gas 3: Electric. which
discovered it was earning much more
than expected.

"RU&E bud an 85 per cent in-
crease in earnings in the fourth
quarter of last year.“ he said. “They
pay 5.3 per cent less for their gas and

'scll it for the same price we do.

They're in a much better financial
position than we are.“

Until the Dec. 1 rate increase of
5.9 per cent. he said. Niagara
Mohawk‘s earnings were down five
per cent. Consumers had to pay
another nine per cent when the
Federal Power Commission allowed
gas rates to rise.

The PSC spokesman said the
agency would not know whether
utilities were making excessive
profits until their quarterly reports
are filed in April. The agency can
lower the utility rates if it is found
that earnings are beyond the rate of
return set in their most recent rate
case.

  Questions-Nazi, Checks

 .  ,ﬁ  .
NEW YORK (AP) Rep. Flizabcth
Holtzman [says she is not getting
straight anchrs about possible
federal intervention in Immigration
and Naturalization Service in- _
vestigations of Nazi war criminals
living in the United States?

In a letter to Leonard F. Chap-
man, head of the immigration ser-
vice. Mrs. Holtzman saidthc depart-
ment had been “incomplete and
evasive” in responding to her
questionsu

Mr.s Holtzman ha asked Chap-
man to detail any meddling in Nazi

Reach out and

touch her with this

FTD LoveBundle" a ’ ‘4’ .
Bouquet Your ’

FTD Florist can

send one almost

anywhere by wire. the

FTD way. Order early. (Most FTD
Florists accept major credit cards.)

cases by outside agencies. He replied
that “routine record checks were
mud in the case of each alleged war
criminal."

Chapman wrote that no evidence
was found that would substantiate
claims that other goVCrnment agen-
cies. including the Hit and the CIA,
had intervened in investigation of
alleged Nazis.

Mrs. Holtzman said she was un-
satisfied with Chapman's inquiry
and asked further information on
what agencies had been consulted.
what the record checks disclosed.

Usually available
for less than

”‘  .' -. *As an tndependentbusinessman, each

FTD

Member Florist sets his owu prices.

FTTLHandbeaue

O 1977 Florists‘ Tramwadd 

and whether persons under in-
vcsfigution had been employed or
assisted by federal agencies.

"Any failure to respond candidly
and completely on these matters can
only contintic to give credence to
those who have accused the service
of covering tip the full story of its
Nazi war criminal investigations."
Mrs. Holtzinan said.

The New York Democrat again
called for a congressional investiga-
tion to get “the fullstory ol'cxecutive
agency involvement in Nazi cases."

CORRECTION
The photograph on Page In of
Friday's ASPccts should have been
credited to Alan Reich.

Want to talk It over?
Call MIDDLE EARTH—4574300
24 Hours a Day

 

Tired of those lonely nights
at home, nothing to do but
wipe the dust ott your
economics texts?

Spend tong hectic
nlphteup to
Campus Center 32
instead. '

 

 

 

Israel Losing'Patlenco with Syria and UN
TEL AVIV, luut (AP) Israeli Foreign Minister Yigal Allon said Monday
his country has only limited patience waiting for the United States to get

' Syria to pull back troops_ in Lebanon now eight miles from the Israeli border.

Allon expressed his impatience as United Nation's Secretary-General Kurt
Waldheim arrived in Lebanon on his Mideast tour to reactiVate the Arab-
lsraeli peace talks in Geneva. The top U.N. ofﬁcial denied any intention to
compete with Ameriban efforts to get Israel and the Arab countries back to
the negotiating table this spring. “0n the contrary, the United Nations is
cooperating and coordinating with the co-sponsors of the Geneva
conference," Waldheim said at a news conference on arrival from Saudi
Arabia. U.S. Secretary of State, Cyrus Vance, is scheduled to make his first
Middle East tour later this month to sound out chances for the Geneva
conference jointly sponsored by the United States and the Soviet Union.

Guerrlla Attacks Continue In Rhodesia

SALISBURY, Rhodesia (AP) Black guerrillas murdered seven whitc
Roman Catholic missionaries. four ofthem nuns. in an attack Sunday night
on a mission 36 miles north of Salisbury. a church spokesman said Monday.
The victims included three Britons, three West Germans and an lrishman,
church ofﬁcials said. Archibishop Patrick Chakaipa. Rhodesia's ﬁrst black
Catholic archibishop, condemned the attack, saying those responsible “make
mockery of whatever good ideals they claim to_serve." A church spokesman
said the guerrillas rounded up eight white members of the Musami mission
staff and shot them. Two Jesuit priests. a. Jesuit lay brother and l our
Dominican nuns were slain. and a fourth Jesuit was wounded, but not
seriously. the spokesman said.

Gandhi’s Opposition to Gaining a Lead

NEW DELHI, India (AP) Disheartened political aides of Prime Minister
Indira Gandhi debated campaign strategy todayafter her opponents outdrew
her two to one in weekend rallies in New Delhi. Workers for Mrs. Gandhi‘s
Congress party assembled the daily crowd of well-wishers and political
hopefuls at the prime minister's residence. But. the crowd was no comfort to
the party leaders meeting privately fora new assessment of prospects for the
parliamentary elections next month. Nearly 200.000 persons packed the
Delhi fair grounds Sunday and wildly cheered opposition calls for Mrs.
Gandhi‘s ouster and an end to her 19-month state of emergency with its
suspension of democratic procedures and rights.

Queen Elizabeth Celebrates 25th Anniversary
LONDON (AP) Queen Elirabeth 11 marked her 25 years on the throne With it
quiet Sunday at Windsor Castle, away from a small literary storm in London
over the merits ofthc official hymn for her silverjtthilcc. Micholns l-‘nirbiiirn.
ii Conservative member of Parliament. called the 24-line hymn by llritnin‘s
poet laureate. Sir John Betjeman. “absolutely pathetic . . . the most banal.
ninth rate piece ofchild's verse." Fairbairn said her could do better in three
hours than the 70 year-old Betjeman did in three months—the time it took
him for the Jubilee Hymn. Fairbairnjottcd down an Iii-line rival hymn in 90
minutes. '

Turner Amongst Nominees to Head CIA
WASHINGTON (AP) President Carter is putting it“ old Ntivy sclioolmnte
high on his list of possible nominees to head the Central Intelligence Agency.
Adm. Stunslicld Turner. who attended the NilViii Academy wrth Carter. “is
one ofthc leading ciindidntcs“ for the post. according in presidential assistant
Hamilton Jordan. Carter summoned his Cabinet for a meeting today. Ilc
also scheduled an Oval Office session with Defense Secretary Harold
Brown and Thomas B. Lance. director of the Office of Management and
Budget. On Tuesday. Carter plans his first formal news conference 11.5
president. He has scheduled personal visits to government departments iillL'I
in the week. Jordan said Sunday night that Turner was among a handful
being considered to head the CIA. Carter's first choiec. 'l‘hcodorc Sorcnscn.
witltdrcw Jan. 17 in the face of stiff Senate opposition.

Committee To Vote on Carter’s Plan Shortly
WASHINGTON (AP) The House Ways and Means Committee is lioliliiign
final three days 01 licnrings this week on President Carter's $31.2 billion plan
to stimulate the economy. At the end of the hearings. members of the
committee will begin making their own proposals for alterations ot the
Carter plan. which includes it proposed rebntc 01350 to most Americans. 'I he
committee has jurisdiciton over the rebate and other tax proposals, totaling
$13.8 billion. which make upthe bulk ofthc economic boost Carter proposed
for this year alone. The legislation is expected to be approved in sortie lorrn.
although every component of the proposal has encountered sortie criticism
during hearings already held.

U.S. Hopes to Slow Race for Naval Power
WASHINGTth (AP) At President Carter's suggestion. defense officials are
Prcl’ﬂl‘intt POSHihlc proposals that could be made to the Russinns iii an effort
to curb the race for naval power. Discussing the nttvnl buildup would hen
new avenue for U.S. Soviet arms control talks. Until now. negotiations have
dealt with strategic nuclear weapons. such ilh' long-range missiles and
bombers. and with the ground-and air-power balance in Europe. Pentagon
officials also are exploring possible "signals" to the Russians, perhaps
"Winding withdrawal of small numbers of U.S. weapons from Europe. in an
effort to promote it warmer atmosphere for the deadlocked talks on mutual
reduction of forces in central Europe.

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FEBRUARY 8. 1977

 

 

 

’by Ed Rader- 1‘ U ..
Mandatory studerit7 funding of
NYPIRG is being questioned by Sa

' ofﬁcials who believe that the group:

~‘doe's not provide a direct service for
students.‘ _ l i.
“Most student leaders would like
to see us eliminated." said NYPIRG
Board of Directors Chairperson
Chris Aidun. He explained that
Albany would not have a chapter of
‘ NYPIRG ifthcy did not continue to
contribute as much money, this year
more than $32,000 as they have been
to the groups Central Council. “A
member school is one that _ gives
money," he said. “We can't belong

‘ unlessw'e belong'at' aroundthe 82
rate per student per term-9'
SUNYA NYPIRG *groit’ps;

eluding Binghamton and Buffalo.-

vcontribute at the same rate.  , ,

-  Students voted in l975 to give
NYPIRG a $2 a term from each
students student tax monies but the
results of that referendum are not
binding after this term. NYPIRG of-
ficials said they want a similar vote
this spring. This request will be
brought before Central Council on
Feb. 16.

Central‘ Council Chairperson
Greg Lessne said he isn't sure “how
proper” it is to take one item from

Parking Appeals Board:
Student Spots are Vacant

by Corinne Bernstein .

Although most of the campus
parking ticket appeals are made by
students. the two student positions
on the Parking Appeals Board are
vacant. according to Board Chair-
man Robert Whittam.

“i believe it is very important that.

iit least one student should sit on the
Appeal Board to give their fellow
students the benefit of their thinking
because 70 percent of the the appeals
are submitted by the students." said
Whittam.

Whittam said be contacted SA
President Steve DiMeo and Student
Activities Director Pat Buchalter to
see if they could arouse student in-
terest in the Parking Appeal Board.
which examines appeals to void
tickets and sends written results to
the driver involved.

“We‘ve tried through Student
Association and Central Council
and through students in my ofﬁce.
but no one seems to be interested,"
said Buchalter.

DiMeo said that Central Council
Chairman Greg Lessne mentioned
the lack of student participation on
the Parking Appeal Board at several
council meetings.

Parking Favors Given

by Jonathan Hodges

SA President Steve DiMeo has ac-
cused SA Vice President (iriry
l'tirkcr ol misusing his power to issue
parking permits. While measures to
void the illegal permits have begun,
DiMeo said that no direct action will
be taken against Parker.

Information released by Depurt~
ment of Public Safety Associate
Director Lloyd llcbcrt lists the
names of six individuals who receiv-
cd SA parking permits. ()1' these.
DiMeo. said that Barry Cohen and
Stephen Lynn have no lcgitiinntc
churn to special parking privileges.

“ 1 here is nojustil'icntion at all for
those two names." said DiMeo. “I'm
now taking ndintnislrtuch action to
correct [1115 very foolish and very
stupid abuse of power."

According to llcbcrt. the permits.
which allow cars to park in any tiri-
testriclcd men an ouiid the podium or
the qiinds. are issued only after he
receivesnoapplicationnlongwithnn
accompanying i'ntionule.

()n the permit application for
Stephen Lynn. who is not currently
enrolled as a SUNYA student,
l’nrkcr wrote. "Steve works with SA
ttiid is responsible for making
deliveries of mini, Xerox supplies
and other materials necessary to SA

FEBRUARY 8. 1977

“A few of the council members
wercjokingabout it but I don‘t know
if any of them were seriously con-
sidering it,"—..said DiMeo. “If you
can‘t find students to fill up the
posifions. you won't have students
on the board. It‘s their responsibility
to get involved. People complain
about parking problems but we have
to have people to put in the time and
effort to serve on the board."

Originally, one student served on
the appeal board but Whittam said
that last year his request that two
students be allowed on the board
was approved.

I In addition to the students who
are supposed to serve. the board is
made up of one non-teaching
professional who is a non-civil scr-
vant; one faculty member: and one
staff member, who is usually a civic
servant, according to Whittam.

Whittam added that be generally
has trouble with the attendance of
members on tlic appeal board. He
said he would like at least three
members of the board to appear
when appeals are judged.

“I like students on the board. I
found them to be very level headed,"
said Whittam.

Parker said last week that the
reason he requested a permit for
Lynn was because be frequently used
Lynn's car.

While Parker states that Cohen
frequently ran errands for SA last
semester and continues to work with
him his semester. DiMeo claims the
Cohen is in no way associated with

next  and pull.it for”
referendum.” The group. he believes, I

“serves a purposeifor society at

large.“.but that, ‘_‘SA has to be con-, '

cerned with whether of not it directly
benefits students at this university."
However. he has notyet decided how
he will vote on the issue. '“| feel
equally strongly both ways.“ he said.

SA President‘Steve DiMeo said
that he will support a referendum

becausef‘it is the most fair and ' I

democratic way of deciding'the

issue.“ but added. “hopefully the-

students will reject NYPIRG“. He
would prefer to see a system by
which students could voluntarily
give a part ofthcir student activities
fee to the group. He said that be per-
sonally would give up part of his fee.

One alternatiave to a referendum. v

could be to send NYPIRG's request
for money to the, budget committee.
a move that Central Council
Representative Cary Klein said
“Would effectively tie NYPIRG's
hands.“ Said Scidelman. “Going
through the budget v committee
would drastically cut funds."

Klein said that he is “Reserving
judgement, feeling people out. If
nine out often people say NYPIRG
ain't worth a damn, I‘ll vote against
the referendum.“ His mainobjection
to the group is that they are not
directly responsive tothe University.
and are “too closely tied to the state
and national organization."

“We're not the usual kind of SA
funded group." said Marsha
Seidclman. Vice-Chairperson of the
SUNYA chapter of NYPIRG. She
said that those who oppose the

NYPIRG Chairman ctirle Aldun (tilt) and SA President Stoio DiMeo
are at odds over funding for Aldun'e group.

referendum "do not want to give us
any special treatment by letting us go
to the students.“ She is generally op-
timistic about the chances of getting
it though: “We may have some trou-
ble. but not a lot.“

The issue was originallyschedulcd
to come before the Central Council
this Wednesday but according to
Aidun. it was postponed “in order to
give N YPIRG time totalkto council
members and see what their objec-
tions are."

Aidun said he believes that stu—
dent support is strong enough to
pas's a referendum. should it be
allowed. He points out that students
supported NYPIRG by a margin of
seven-to-one with 30 per cent ofthc
student body voting. “We are the
only citizens group in the state that

Calculus Math Credit

by Margaret Marino

Calculus I will be granting only
one credit to those students who
have taken either Mntli 106 or 107,
according to Violet Larney.
SUNYA‘s chairperson to the un-
dergraduate mathematics academic
affairs committee. This decision is

by Parker

“As petty IIS it may seem. it‘s still
abuse of power," said DiMeo. “1
plain to risk Lloyd Hebert to void the
parking permits of Barry Cohen.
Stch Lynn and Paul Dcsscr.“

Dcsscr was issued a permit while
he served as SA research director.
Desscr was fired by DiMco im-
mediately after the impeachment
proceedings against Parker last
semester.

VIOIIO

SA Vlce Presldent Gary Parker has been giving special parking
permits to trtends illegally, according to President Steve 004.0.

Y credit."

scheduled to become effective July 1.

Those students who will have
completed Math 106 or 107 and
Math 1 12 by the end of this semester
will be uncl'fectcd by this decision.

An overlin in course content is a
major reason for adjusting the credit
for those students who have had
Math 106 or 107. said Thomas
Miic(iregor, Mathematics Depart-
ment Chairperson.‘

Students completing Elementary
or Applied Calculus will be getting a
review in Calculus I. explained
Professor John Thcrrien. who
currently teaches Math 106. 108 and
113

“In the past. they would receive
seven credits. three from Math 106
or 107 and four from Math 112. for
actually knowing only four credit
hours of calculus,“ said Thcrricn.

Therrien added that a student in
106 or 107 as opposed to one in 112
would only be deﬁcient in “the
trigonometric functions and some
integration."

Several students effected by this
decision have raised some objec-
tions. Juanito Tiulentino. an ex—
change student from the l’liillipines
currently taking Math 106, feels
“caught in the middle.“ “I was never
very good at math." said ’l‘iulcntino.
“and I thought there would be no
way I could putts 112. I didn't mind
taking out the year and starting at
the bottom."

‘l‘inlentino added.“As it geology
major I need 112 for my re-
quirements. Math 112 iii a hard
course to be taking for only one

According to Lurney. tin-
nouncements were made the first
week of class to inform students of
the intentions of the math depart-
ment. 'l‘iulentino said he was com‘

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

has inﬂuence and expertise," he said.
The organization has worked in the
areas of tenants' rights. marijuana
reform, consume'r legislation..and
other areas ol‘social reform. Accor-
ding to Aidun. they have been in-
strumental in the passing of a con-
sumer law that requires unit pricing
on all items.

Aidun said he believed students
would continued to support NYP-
IRG because they came to college to
achieve a more fulfilling life and that
“part of that more fulﬁlling life is
some sort of social reform.“ He add-
ed that a refusal to allow a referen-
dum would be "a blatant effort to
undercut democracy. They would be
saying that students can't decide
what are priorities. To me, that's
bullshit.“

_\>

to Add Up

pleter unaware of such an an-
nouncement and as a result feels
"forced" to take it for one credit.

Margaret Smith, ajunior accoun-
ting and business major, also voiced
some objections. “l have had both
107 and 112. It seems that amajority
of the class has had some calculus
before coming into the class. Those
who don‘t have such a background
are at a disadvantage."

MacUrcgor feels that there is a
popular rnisconccptionthat students
need “prcciilc” before taking the
course. All that is necessary accor-
ding to Mac(ircgor. is to have done
"decently" in the traditional high
sciiool math program.

According to Lainey. Math 106
and 107 were never intended to be
“remedial courses" for Math 112.
They were originally designed as
“terminal courses“ for those people
who were required to take a small
amount of calculus. Math 112 was
established as the traditional
calculus course intended for science
and math majors. A

“Only a handful” of students are
expected to be effected by this deci-
sion each semester. said MncGrcgor.

Most students that start out below
the Math 112 level do not go on in
math. said 'l'herricn. He did admit
that for students in Tiulentino‘s posi-
tion this decision might cause “some
hardships."

Thcrrien speculated that the effect
of the decision of the math depart-
ment itiight be to increase the size of
the 106-7108 enrollment. He feels
that it might be a good idea for
students who aren‘t in science or
math to “steer away" from the ll2-
113 sequence because the l06(107)-
or 108 courses “probably provide
you with a better background in
your field."

PAGETHREE

 

