 'per la in _.
' full ofthc mystery l'religion.’and completely

1 7_ free from all that is impure. Though he‘never .

gun he et.'Dcnver‘s other works fit

pert

, symphoniewurks of the Romantic-

ipera. ,     I;

, A frustrated bachelor all his life. Denver

found comfort in his simple Quaker 'fuiihylnd

'in seIlL-xpression through music. In his day.

he was a renowned'guitarist. a professor of

sun-worship theory and a farm hand. 'l‘oday
his rcmebercdcltielly as composer.

 

 

 

 

Music texts of the sixties give short shrift of
his songs. They accuse him of leaning on
MeCartneyian props. of lapsing into pedantic
technicalities. and of boring concert-goers
with self conscious mannerisms and overly

. preach) style.

Essentially however. Denver is unique. The

 

High." ' .‘ :

~‘Thc ‘typical Denver workiopenstn broad;
=: and «agitated style. passing into aleoW'tragicr I

__sr5ction. This contrasts witha brilliant rapid y

paced’ scherxou" which is dance- kel’Jin‘ 

.r.

character. The whole is'crowncd by‘agiga'ntio .‘
finale, resolving in-Iarge measure the tensions _

created by the earlier movements.  _

"'l'hank‘ find I‘ma Country Boy." his last
work. can only be found in its first three
movements. b'iit it’is by ,far the most
emotionally gripping of all Denver‘s works. It-
is difficult to t'ecl'satisfied with this work as it
stands.Commentators suggest that its finale
would have been Denver‘s finest and
therefore. quite ptissibly the greatest ever‘
written. ' s

i .r I I i
The RadIoStatton that
Ate Albany
WSllA-FM began operation today in its
newly httilt facilities between the Fine Arts
and Business buildings. The construction of
the three story structure. which replaced the

Administration bttilding. is expected to be the‘

first step toward the erection of an extcttsivc
broadcasting studio.

"We‘ll have to get by with what they've
given Its so far." said newly-hired Director of
Programming Scott Muni. “but we simply
won't be able to exist very long if we‘re so
confined."

Muni said that the new studio. when»

completed. will encompass the entire north
sector of the podium. He said that the funding
fnr5'the construction will come from the sale of
WSUA 'l'-shirts in the Campus Center.
“We‘re selling them for SB‘IOapiecc." Muni
said. "We're projecting stiles ofapproximately
200 a day for at least the next three months."
The shirts will feature pictures of favorite
WSUA announcers. According to Maui.
"There are 20.000 ol them being printed tip

 

Anyone interested: in working ;for the
station should contact Muni at the main

* studios. He's fprcsently hiring a completely

[new staffofapnouncers .w' according to Marti.
"preferably those who have been extensively
’.published’."' .  *

~ ‘  . v. ‘ . ,
Scenes. N ostalgra.
Contest Number 58 

“Do yo recognize this
famous politician?”

 

book. After eating ’l0\pa H

l'ri'c matadsim to join him'in the

Rathl tiller}. Dri‘eheeve refused: A few
«later. the. friend called again.

Dri'eheeve answered the phone. “Do you _

want to come_down yet'F‘he asked.
.Drieheeve reportedly responded. “No. ljust

want to finish this chapter”. Drieheeve

cemplained of severe stomach pains this

"morning. His stomach complained of severe

boredom pains. having digested 21 pages of
statistics. Drieheeve said the feat took him
much longer than he had expected. for
“Statistics is pretty hardtoswallow." Upon

.his release from the hospital. Dricheeve is

expected to continue his work with the
hopelessly short in Tanzania.

Publishing Power

Despite acclaim from his colleagues and

.tudents. English professor Michael

' Kaufperson has been denied tenure. President

Emmet..th Terrible explained the move by
citing his desire to maintain a staff of people
who have had Works published. limits“ of
possible replacements has been narrowed
down to three authors: Xaviera Hollander.
winner of the National Children‘s liook
Award for her classic The Happy Hooker:
'l'atIIm O‘Neil. who won awards and much
praise for her letter to Varier magazine: and
Yuri Kolnikov. author of the epic l’a/I
[Joly/mi. Emmet is reportedly leaning towards
Kolnikov. even though the Russian is familiar
with onlythe first halfol‘the English alphabet.

“In It‘sir'nilur story. as the CDTA takeover of
the green bus system becomes a viable
possibility. the major concern of the present
green bus drivers is their possible dismissal.
Emmet has said that those drivers who have
had works published stand the best chance of
attaining tenure.

 

 

COME ON YOU CHEAPSKATESI.

come join

SHOW. OUR CONVICTS YOU CARE!

US at

TELETHON ’77 ,

APRIL 1-1 V
8 PM. FRIDAY T0 8 PM. FRIDAY

ANNUAL STUDENT BENEFIT FOR THE INMATES 0F ATTICA STATE PRISON
CALL IN YOUR DONATIONS TO 457-8892 -2190 or -2194
MAKE ALL CHECKS PAYABLE TO THE ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

SEND CONTRIBUTIONS TO: MIKE ARDAN CC 329.

By (nung'a Germ ' " -
For th‘e last six-months. SU N YAi's biology department has

be. n' delving into dangerous research using various
recombinant 'DNA’ techniques to produce strange new
:Vorganisms; ‘

 ‘Yetwhat seems to have happened here at SUNYA. exceeds
‘e'ven the wildest of imaginations. According to
‘ administrative'sources. Biology Professor Sherlock Holmes
lileft‘ yesterday 'to drive a quantity of a new life form
V developed. designated K-99. to the Attorney General‘s office
for examination. The bacteria is the culmination of weeks of
effort of the 'part of Holmes. .

Holmes. his'car. and the little plastic dog that sits in the

~ back seat and moves its head upand down. failed to reach the
:_Capitol. The carwas found later at the bottom of Indian
‘V Quad lake'. ' - ' i-
. ' Camper lssy Jacobiwitz. who was hiking by the lake at the
;' time. is still at Albany Medical Center suffering from
.hysteries.

_ “It was this big,“ screamed Jacobiwitz. when interviewed
early this morning. “It was Chartreuse. and had purple eyes.

,rAnd the fucc.THE FACE! It looked like Lawrence Welk had

0in of Biology Professor .Sherlock Holmes,
nor that of his plastic dog. The divers will
continue to work until night, when they will

quit because. “we can't see in the dark.”

 

“It was Chartreuse, and had
purple eyes . . . It looked like
Lawrence Welk had wandered
into ‘The Night of the Living
Dead’. ” '

 

 

wandered into “The Night of the Living Dead."

University Police have already leaped into action and are
planning measures to capture the beast.

“From what I ‘cre. he‘s a big um.“ said Public Safety
Director Gunner Williams. “But me and the boys will track
him down. Hell. I don‘t suspect he'll be much more trouble
than a ‘gator. I might eveninvite 0| Emmett tojointhe fun."

Yet the entire universityis not agreed that this bloodthirsty
bacteria—hunt should be allowed to continued against a
creature who has yet to be proved good tasting.

“Gosh. K-99 is a real gentle bacteria. Ispliced him myself."
said Biology Department Chairman Leonard Rearman.

 

.“He‘s across between sullen/land r aha He
‘ quiektoo. fora rutabttga.” '

.The hunt for lit-99 is espectcd toe rt'_ 3
night. Anyone who sees a dark blueobject that answers to‘ her
name Wilbur. is asked to call the Department of Public
Safety. All university members are urged not to lett
rutabagas roam wild today. . I g ‘ i. ,

“We don‘t want them bloody things'breeding.”
Williams. “Maybe though. after this is I over. wccan
the lake with'thcrn.“ ».  v " .

Public Safety Director Gunner Williams
finishing a morning of exercise in the swamps.

 

 

1400 WASHINGTON AVE. ALBANY, NEW YORK

 

 

 

Typical Assholes Aren’t Born, They’re Wiped

y Idiot Schit

I am a ‘typical asshole.‘

l was not born that way. In fact. it is not
clear that I was born at all. The most recent
clues indicate that l was cloned from Jack the
., ipper.

, No matter. 'I'ypical assholes are made. not
‘born. of course. tltere are certain features
(known among normal people as
eformitics‘) with which one must be born in
order to develop into a typical asshole.

In my case. my face is truly one of my
distinguishing features. Once you see it. you‘re
not going to forget it. I walked into a shoe
store and was mistaken for a shipment of track
cleats. l have been asked more than once to
pose for an artist's conception oftlte far side of
the moon.

The editorial staff of Webster's Diclionarlt'
checks with me before publication ofeaeh new
edition for observed changes in the common
usage of the word 'repulsivo'

There are advantages to being a typical
asshole. I rarely have to wait in line w people
have cleared ll path in front of me since I was
six. (Before that. I was too small to pose any

vident threat tothcirsal‘ety. sotheyjust threw

gyocks until I left.) I never have to sit in a

crowded section at plays or concerts  any

 

crowd usually clears out within a few minutes
after I sit down.

. When I first came to SUNYA. I hoped to
start fresh. to begin a life. or something like it.
I was approached by a member of the biology
faculty who was experimenting along those
lines. Alas. my usual luck - - he only wanted to
ask some questions for II research project.

The night I moved into my dorm room. my
former roommate suggested. giggling oddly.
that l leavc.and goto the Rathskellar and pick
up some girls. I tried. but they would scream
and yell until I put them back down on the
ground. Then I tried some famous lines on
them;

"Haven't I seen you somewhere?"

“Stick it in your nose.“

“Do you have an extra cigarette?“

“Fuck off."

“Will you please talk to me

“lla-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha."

I then realized that I would never be able to
walk into a bar and ‘clieck out the crop.‘ As
soon as I walked in. all the girls (and even the
guys) would check me out. (And not very
discreetly. I must say.) then they would clteck
out the nearest exit. I once asked a girl for her
phone number. Later. when I called. it turned

I,“

 

 

 

 

out to be the local OTB parlor. They asked me
how fast I could rttn.

My day usually begins with a graze in the
quad yard. after I brush my tooth. I have given
up trying to eat in the dining halls. because the

 

cooks keep trying to serve me. (It is no! true
that l was. used as a model for the pattern on
the podium's surface.)

My academic life is enviable. Most of my
instructors offer to give me a ‘ll‘ in return for
not contirtg to class.

loncc went to a football game and they tried
to set me up for p field goal.

Every so often. I would fall asleep in the
library while practicing how to read. and the
custodians would try to throw me into one of
the trash disposal carts. The first few times
they gasped and run when I woke up and
moved. but they have since become
aceustomcd to me. They carry long wooden
poles. and poke into trash cans and any piles
that look like me before moving them.

Now. I am searching for love. I'll settle for
tolerance of my presence. My chosen one will
have to have a stomach of iron. plus an
underdeveloped olfactory system. Total
blindness would also be to the benefit of her
mental survival. once she met me.

Sometimes I think that there is only one--
kind of person in this world. I am not of that «
kind. I, and those like myself. all belong in a
big yellow basket. scaled tight. and covered
with appropriate Warnings.

 

 

