 

 

 

 

red

they are certainly seareer than they were say
live years ago. when a phenomenon known as
Roger EIWood used charisma and voodoo to
sell one or. several anthologies featuring
V previously unpublished material to each of
_ several dozen publishers. many of whom had
never done much. if any scienceﬁction before.
The predictable result was that upwards of ﬁve
dozen of these books appeared on the market
at the same timeand Elwood provided himself
with some of the ﬁercest competition one
might care toimagine. He lost...and took the
anthology market with him. almost in totau
Understandably. publishers are now leary of
taking even choice tinthtilogies.

Reprints unthologics~those which feature
only previously published material—have of
course been with us since the early Forties. and
will continue to he with its in the next set of
Parties.

An interesting hybrid has surfaced oflate~
lltc anthology with both old and new
material——iind The Arts and Beyond: Visions
ol Man‘s Aesthetic Future is one ofthese. It is
edited by Thomas F. Monteleone. a new
writer you will not have heard of yet -and it
was published just this September by
Doubleday at $7.95 in hardcovers. Tom tells
me this is the lirst anthology to bring together
sf stories about the Arts. which is surprising:
this volume proves that some good stories on
the subject are to be had. Included are twelve
stories. dating from I95] to I977. “Stella
Blue“ by Grant Carrington. "Telepathos" by
Ronald Cain. "The (iltost Writer" by George
Alec Et’l'inger and Montclcone‘s own“Camera
()bscura" illustrate the emotional impact that
is associated with the arts. but which is so
infrequently realized on paper.

l must give Monteleonc‘s storytop honors
in tltis volume. It impressed me when I saw it
in lltc magazine Cosmos a few months ago. it

 

You

W
Rflll‘l TE

PAGE 2A

 

 

on worldof late. but '

I trilogy:  Interestingﬂybrtd

. l » ..
continues to impress me. In the second
rank are “Patron of the Arts'.‘ by‘ William
'Rjostler and Harlan’ Ellison's “Shoppe
Keeper“ (a previously unpublished story).
These are ﬁne. if unimpressive works. In any
other anthology they might seem as gems. but
they pale before the aforementioned. Then,
inevitably. there are some oat—and—out
turkeys.

“The Ultimate Melody" by Arthur C.
Clarke is a short idea-piece without beneﬁt of
characters. plot or setting. It may as well exist
as anessny. and hastlieimpact of wet Kleenex.
“Black Charlie" by Gordon Dickson
(originally published I954) is primitive; in an
attempt to be sentimental it manages only to
appear silly. “A Museam Piece" by Roger
Zalazny and “With These Hands” by CM.
Kornbluth fall into the gray zone that lies
between ,thc memorably good and the
memorably. l‘rightl‘ully bad.

Artwork was commissioned forthe interior ‘
from students of the New York School of
Visual Arts. It will not please. in the main.
those accustomed to magazine illustration.
which is a shame. More shameful is
[)oublcdav‘s absolutely rotten placement of
the art— in clumps. in the middle of stories—
rather than each illustration accompanying
the appropriate story. The paper and

trimming are also of a kind with that which
Doubleday uses for its $l.98 Science Fiction
Book Club editions. which does not please me.

The realities of publishing are thus: it is
better to sell many copies of a cheaply
produced book. than it is to sell many copies
of an expensive book ora few copies ofeither it
cltciip or an expensive book. 'l‘litis is explained
the sloppy production. and the inclusion ofthe
hoary Dickson and Clarke pieces. It would
surprise you ltow many people will buy The
Arts and Beyond just on the basis of those
names. let alone because oftlte inclusion ofthe
Ellison work. Which is not to say this is it bad
book. To the contrary. It just might ltave been

A urtitii toad presents

in THE

(in some alternate reality. where the laws of
economics and publishing do not apply) a
better book.’

Here is an oddity: a new writer making his
debut in the science fiction novel field(lthink)
ratherthan inthe magazines. Traditionally the
science ﬁction writer must amass a dozen or
two short story publications before his ﬁrst
book appears. Why this is so I'm not sure.
because novels (I am told) are easier tosell and
certainly garner more fame and money. but
this isthc rule. Yet here is David Dvorkin with
The Children of Shiny Mountain (Pocket
Books. $l.75).

Its style is reminescent of Dickens more
than anything else. and its scope is galactic.
The plot concerns itself with a man named
Mash. a publicist for an interplanetarytourist
agency. iind his search f orthe legendary home
of Man. Earth. He ﬁnds it when the tourist
agency docs. Mash objects to their plans for
turning the planet into an amusement. and the
natives object because these plans include
their cxtermintiiion. With the aid of tltc
wonderful machines in Shiny Mountain.
Mash and the Earthmcn conquer the galaxy.
or nearly so.

If this sounds like the plot fora 1940's space
opera. it nearly is. It is also nearly a farce.
nciirly it satire. nearly a straight-faced work.
ttcarly a social comment...Onc is never sure

just what Dvorkin‘s intentions are. and
whether lie is making a pratfall for your
amusement. or stumbling over his otvn
premises. After a very slow beginning. it does
pick up. aiid there are loitg stretches of good
writing here. It is very nearlya good book. and
is probably worth your time and money.

DAW Books published exclusively science
fiction. and they publish a lot of books. As
might be expected they pitblishcd sonic good
stuff. some dross. and it lot of stuff in the
middle. (‘ri'lii'ol 'I'lirex/io/d by Brian M.
Stablel’ord ($l.25 in paper) is somewhere in
the middle. towards the higher end of the

 

ll Silt. Drill-7"

Hl'l BluniliQunbf'ousriritt

5?
mm

8.

BEER~LlVE entertainment-runeanesm
your W97 on inner: mitts row

wmi so at cadres s
w/o centers tone,

00 At noon
w/o

ALBANY srunau'r Panes

33008"! M). WIRED A? MOB

curve. It is the second in a series of books
dealing withthe crew of the starship Daedalus;
their mission is not to explore new world. but
to re-contact colonies which. hundreds of
years ago. were isolated from the mother
world when the space program was
discontinued. Against the background of a
scientific interplay of emotional forecs
between Alex. the narrator. who is dedicated
and idealistic. ttnd Nathan. who is dedicated
and pragmatic.

‘l‘hcn there is the pubescent female tclcpitth
and the other woman. and a few more
characters that actuallyseem to have emotions
and not merely roles. Not an award-winner.
perhaps. but certainly a book you will
recommend to your friends. asl recommend II
to you.

Jack Vance is a bizarre writer. If Diotkinn
sl‘s Dickens, then Vance is its l’lullllsltcd or
Shakespeare. lttastorysct onetbousnnd \cttts
iii the future or ntorc. one does not apt-gt 1.,
coitic across phrascology like.

".liibal Droad ctttercd the l’arloury loyc|_
an enormous hall painted a dingy and
depressing yellow-brown. At a lllllllltrjt oi
counters the citizens of Wysrod conlcri L'Ll ltllll
founctionarics. both in tranquil ttcciitd .llltl
raneorous debate..."

Do you believe they talk llki: that" [lot he
writes like that? I do. and you \\Ill too llc
causes you to believe whatever ltc pins ltt'litly'
yott. Nothing jars. everything is ol .t PIL'L'L'.
even lltc footnotes and tlte glossary and lltc
map. The story is Shakespearean. too, Llcdltug
with lcods and vengeance and a lot oi lllL‘
magical. You even bclicve it whcn lltc \lll.i|lI.
near the ctid. becomes a...

llut don‘t let me spoil it lot you ll.l\t' inn
wttli tt yourscll. lhis is Vancc's lilly.‘\l hook.
.llmlm: llitlt'I'_t' .50 from Berkley in ]‘.I|\y’l.
and you‘ll have a ball With it.

 

.rl lllltr' ll‘itlit picture o/ .S'Ii'i'i' lltllllll oi.
i'rriuu'out/r i'i‘i-diii'i/ Io .‘l/flll Ito/i li,

 

man u 3.AI
SEPTEMBER 30. 1977

j

 

 

 

 

 

By JUNE 30" LING
Thomas Capuano. 24. a native of Atlzimont.
N.Y.. iittendcd SUNYA in I972 as a
conscientious objector. His alternative service
was social work with the Mennonite Mission.
Alter two and a half years as a missionary in
Bra/il. he and ti fellow missionary were
imprisoned in llrtwil for t'our days iii May of
this year. His imprisonment initiated
investigations by both American and
Bra/itian governments coticcrniitg lltc
conditions of prison life iit Brazil. During
Rosalynn Carter's .liine tour of South
America. he spoke to her concerning the
maltreatment of prisoners in Brazil. Capuano.
ii sophomore. ltas returned to SUNYA lltis
lall.
Italkcd to Capiiiino last week about liisjob
its a missionary and about his imprisonment,
He seemed almost reluctant to talk at first. as
he nervously lingered tltc tnsslcs ol' niyswctitcr
lyiitg next to me. I had to listen ntlcntivcly
bccaitsc his \oicc \\‘l|\ seldom highcr titan a
whisper. Wltcn we both became more tit ease.
ltc oltcn looked directly ittto tny cycs witlt it
dcuistntinglysei ions expression on his face. as
be related his cxprctcnccw lll lira/ii.
licloi'c gotitg to Brit/ll. (‘aptinno worked in
iischoollordcitnqttcnt .oysindouostatchw
York through thc Mennonite Mission. In
Brit/ll. Ioiii lived and worked in thc
northeastern coastal city ol RL‘L'IlL’. llcrc ltc
coiitlitiicd his social work \\llll orphans and
dclttiqticnts.
In his last \1\ months lll lll'ZI/ll. L'apiinno
became iniolyctl in an experimental program
oi'giiin/cd ihiottgli his mission and lltc
Archbishop l)om llcldcr (‘nmarii of Recife
()linda. who leads most ol the Catholic
Church in l :ittn America. According to
('iipuimo. lllL' nttii ol illlN program was tocntcr
IllliI tlost-i llltlli' personal contact \\llll lltc
pout who lite on llll' sltccls to bring tlw
plcsctit'c in t liiist llI llldll lllltl\l.
('npitano described lltc Archbishop as"\ct'y
kittd. \cry bciiiittlttl. very old." He said that
through lltc Archbishop‘s church. tltcrc were
many kinds ol programs which taught
auntcncss ol justice mid (‘hrisl‘s
titcssiigc to the poor and oppressed.
(‘nptiittto told til it story about an old

MtL‘ltll

starting alcoholic who appeared at the church
cyery morning to we the l\|'Clllil\lltlp Iorlood
and money. lllt.‘ Archbishop \ytts kitown l'oi'
gitittg ltccly to lltc poor. lltc titan .tlc clay to
llll his stomach. which (‘aiptiano said itt itot
uncommon among tltc poor strcct dwellers.
One morning the old titan died in tltc
Atcltbishop‘s arms. “ [his is not an
cyttaoiilinaiy story in illl_\ sense.“ he said.
('aI-iiano bcgan his mission oit lltc streets in
March [977 with colleague l‘:llllL‘I' Loren/o
Roschniigh. lie and lltc priest Iitct'iilly
"\Icpl oti Illt: sidewalk" and lI\t.'tl among “lltc
I\l|ttlt'\l ol pooi" who lite on lltc >ll'L‘Cl\. lltc
tlL'|\|k'\\L'tl :it'cii \tltcic tltcy worked our. the
\i'L'llL‘ ol it ttini'kcl pltlcy‘. llcilcsct’tbed lltc poor
in the \ll ccts il\ "pcoplc who don't littycti hope
lll lltc world." l‘coplc tirc"|tlcttilly all oyct lltc
\ltlL‘\\illh\“ and "beg to tltc sticcts.“

L .ipii.i.iocottliniictl Iti\tl\ that many people
are "badly dcloi'inctl" and crippled. lltc adults

 

“ml Ellis"
This t5 H

TtMs . I‘ve ACWA‘LLY
smash)... t DON T
FEEL WWGH'IP

 

 

SEPTEMBER 30, 1977

—i
T"! “uranium

rt nnrnuro ONE NtGHT IN AN onoiMRt WM-
IN AN oration our OF Atom... IN AN orton ‘
.CotiEGE.,.To AN osDiNititt svuiA mom

and children are niiked and dirty. Many have
protuding stomachs. Drug use. alcoholism.
nbnortnal sexual acts. prostitution. and
lighting are all prevalent right on the streets
themselves.

“You call never get away from seeing people
in this condition." said Ciiputmo.

(.‘apiiano described one case where he and
Father Lorenlo helped one wonian secure it
servant‘s position with it \vealthy family. “I
was so thankful when this happened.“ said
Capiiitno. “I knew tltc spirit of the Lord was
present."

('iiputino then began to talk about the
circumstances surrounding the arrest of he
itiid Father Loren/o. We “knew the police
were watching us." biit we “never got too
scared abotit it.“ He recalled tintcs when he
had lrtcndly Clitth with still“: ol tltc Stiitc
Military l’olicc.

()it May l5 they were approached by the
State Security Police who are local.
pliiinclotlics policc. According to ('iipuiiiio.
tltcy were asked to present tltcir identification
catds (ctcryonc there has one). l'risked. asked
questions which the police wouldn‘t let them
answer. and nerc handcuffed to each other.

lltc police told tltcm that llli.‘l|‘ ll)'s wcrcn‘t
\alid. bcsiitd. llL'L‘\|1ltlltli.'tl that lltc pricst now
llth a beard. \\ ltct'cas lll his ll) photograph lik‘
doesn't, ('itptiiino tccls thii ilic pnlicc wcrc"tn

 

 

“He Seemed almost reluctant to lalk at first, 3
as he nervously fingered the tasslesof my
sweater lying nextto me. ” '

strength. tintil it secntcs the boy would l'tiint
Irom pain.“

He atid Fiitlicr Lorenro were ﬁnally
their rights to question as.“ but if the police
had called tltc‘chei'til l'olice ofthe American -
Consulate the matter could have been cleared
tip on tltc spot.

llc went on to describe the State Security
Police are known for brutality and torture of
lltc poor. referring to thcnt its a “band of
riiltians." They are "big. rouglt. mean. ugly“
and "cycryonc lciirs them." lle added that
these police bcat people “until they hunt or
Collapse."

At this point Ill ottt conycrsiittott. (‘apiiano
stoppcd tor ii montcnt to strongly emphasi/c
and repeat to me that thc tortuous actions

administered by these police it re “daily. daily.
dnily. daily." lltt.‘ torttit'c is it "matter of
tottliiic." Iic tiddcil.

('apiiitno and tile priest were brought totltc
prison. where it policcmaii ltit cach ol them iii
the stomach with it gun and pushed them tip
against the wall. lltc policeman then
ptocccdcd to call them communists. They
were lllL‘ll ordcictl lo illl :mtcrooiu. were made
to \l rip naked. and were ptishcd titto a cell.

Both new mode to go iliioiigh an
"initiation" with their l7 ccllniaitcs. (‘npiitino
said. lltcy \ycrc hotlt bcitt tip"Kiing-l'u"style.
by lltc lcnder ol the cell. (‘apuiino and his
colleague also wcrc made to dance together.
('iiptitino continued to say that they were
sexually threatened btit were not attacked.

L'npnano qucstioiis to what extent lltc
leader ol lltc cell was iii cahoots with the
prison guards. who were known lor their
rcpciitcd beatings ol lltc prisoners. Matty ol
the guards were prisoncis who worked on a
trustee systctn. its h common iit this country.
('iipiiiino added that Il wastltc“trusti-c guards

that hit _\iIll and shine you around.‘

In it Supt. | iii‘ticlc ol "lltc New York
ltmcs" on page M. lotit wrote somccsccrpis
til it icpoi'l giycn to Rosalynn (‘iirtcr
dcsciibing oycrpoptilatcd and unsanitary
conditions. it stiirviittoti diet. and arbitrary
\tolciiccin lira/thanprisons. llcwiotc." . , . ii
Iiclty policeman. using it lcngth ol board.
tcpcntctlly smashed tltc boy‘s hand With all his

“lltc adults and children are naked and
dirti‘. Many have protruding stomachs.

Dru},r use. alcoholism.
prostitution. and fig/i

abnormal sexual acts,
ting are all prevalent

rig/it on the streets I/iciitsc/ves."

 

i
rCOLoRfaonnDS +LEYTEK§+6UIMNCE by RALPH athEY

’

relettsed from the prison on May ill. by the
help ofthe American Consulate in Brazil. May
to was Father Lorenzo‘s birthday and he and
(‘apuano were expected that day at a
particular churclt. When they didn‘t show
within a day or two. the priests went out
looking for them iiitd also contacted the
Consulate.

Accordingto (‘apttano. their imprisonment
made national news when Father Loren/o.
with the ltclp of another priest. wrote an
account of their joint experience in a weekly
news letter ol lltc Arch Diocese. This account
“th picked tip by other newspapers.

Both the its. Embassy and the llra/ilian
got crttnicnt bccnntc involved in an
inycsttgtition ol their arrest attd of the poor
prison conditions. said (‘npuitntr The
Brazilian Slate See. [or Public Security held
separate hearings on May 25 for botlt
(“:iptiiino itttd l-iithcr Loren/o. He described
these hearings iis“niit ptiblic;"“bchind closed
doorsz“ "no press iillowcdz“ iiitd“no one could
speak bill me.

('iipnano went on to say that no one
expected these hearings to be law because the
mtcstigiition was lltc State Departitteut of
Public Scciirity‘s ittycstigatioii of its otvn
acttyttics: “the police investigating I he police."
nddingthiit lltc Bra/than government was \cry
cinbariisscd hccnttsc ol thc tiatiottal attcittion.
but tttoslly hccttttst: Rosalyiin Carter was
expected to pass through Recife two weeks
alter their imprisonment.

('iipuaiio wisltcd to speak to Mrs. (‘urtcr il'
possiblc. and she agreed to meet him on June
K. lltc .\mci'tcan ('onsitliitc. Vice (’onsuliilc.
Mts. ('yrtis Vance. and a press secretary wcre
ptcscnt ill lltc hall-hour mceting. It was opcit
to lltc press. and he described lltc mccttng as
"so simple."

"l was \cry impressed with Mrs. ("inter and
sltc's 1: good pctsolt." ltt.‘ sitttl.

('zipoitito returned to lltc IRS. at the end of
July liccttttsc his application tor a permanent
\isii was dcnicd. licloi'c hc lclt and alter the
hearings. he stayed at tltc Mennonite
licathiniricis and continued to work.

llc \tlltl he was \cry busy ‘tll this little seeing
many pcoplcnnil writiiigiibotn litsordciil. l'he
licaiing came out in

conclusions ol tltc

Atlgttsl.

(‘apuiino is still tntcrcstcd iii htiittait rights.
as his"\c\\ York limes" article Clllpllilsl/L‘ll.
“I would onc to go back to llrn/tl its a
missionary again." biii he was tiditscd hythe
lltn/iliiin l-cilcriil l'oltcc not to taunt right
ll\\ll).

( apiiniiolcclstlint it would bc"idciil Ioi‘ botlt
L'ttlllllllL‘\ (lira/ii and lltc Us.) to work
togct llL‘l touitrd 1oi‘tltct'inghtimiiii rights.“ but
he cttiiltottcd llllll. "lltc US. has to be open to
criticism lt'om Brit/1| as wcll. We hate to be
willing to change too.“

 

 

 

I

//

 

 

 

 

 

 

THEY silo IT no inmséiaixmn IT mot/to
NEVER BENEFIT MANKIND. BUT it DlD....,
IT HAPiINED THAT Evnviio to A BORED :3er

 - swarm wriziv HE 5MB...

Yovk EYES...'THEY‘LL so itED
AND innsz...MY 60D! titer
LOOK LlKE

 

 

l .59? mos AND J STILL

pm Dou‘T 51M! AT
us This Mill/Vtth

 

 

 

yovR EYESl‘lHEY ‘RE so

 

 

DON‘T FEEL A 'lWlVG t
I REALLY DON‘T THINK
This Hits ANY EFFEGTS

 

lives  LIKE TWO

 

ON ME‘ HEY .' THIlT

 

 

POSTER 0F SPJRO AGNEN
Renal woke eooD.‘

HERE. near UP MOTHER
Semi. HOLY ACAPULCO GOLD
HEY FELMS.,.WAKE up}

LOOKllT Hi5 EYES...“ Tit/{T6 How

 

 

Wm OF THE must Bur SUBJJME
3mm [WAN 9

art who taint?er WILL HE D0 wmt tits NM»?

Will animal m to: Iii/Due mismm: MING $7M.

 

Fm: !! Fitz)!

IT ALL WNW-THE UNELIIV/‘lBl-E

 

 

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

~ ~ wtmyIi-smwwaiwh. n

J
PAGE 3A

 

inneonmn . 1‘;

N —-v... v:. v

 

