 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

     

.  :lzhours andidiscussion with the tenacan-T.
di est r'SA President andNiee-‘President, endorsement committee of

Studentlljreslcarrieto‘someunusualtconclusions. We found .

the; presidential candidhtes particularly itiiirripressive this year; each dis-
played a basic ideological or character flaw—undesirable in a presi-
de‘nt.‘ Among the vice-presidentialcandidates, however, we found the
only two Worthy of executive office this year: Jim Aranoff and Kathy
Baron. » , I » . . ._
Each year, the validity of an ASP endorsement is questioned. And this
year, we carneas close-as we ever have to not endorsing any of the can-
didate‘s. We still feel an obligation to make a decision, though, and the
logic behind it is rather straightforWard. Very few students are going to
have the‘opportunity to call all the candidates together in one room and
bombard them with questions; the majority of students will be voting on
the basis of posters, literature and 60 second conversations. The en-
dorsement committee was comprised of six reasonably informed,
reasonably intelligent students who did have that opportunity. Our deci-
sion was unanimous. Criteria included experience, competence, conv1c-
tion, intelligence and control, although not necessarily in that order.
Our priorities were that the candidate be able to clean up Student
Association internallyjable to attract students to SA and carry one a
high level of communication with students; able to deal effectively,
rationally and comfortable with faculty and administrators; and able to
leap tall buildings in a single bound. I

' We have tried to eliminate all political considerations from our dis-
cussions and analyses, and present—in the opinion of the ASPethe
ideal "ticket" for President and Vice-President this year. given the

choices.

Donald Holtz ' .
He's not the first to call SA a clique, a fantasy and an ego trip. but his

. motivation is suspect. He seems to have no real desire for or commit-

ment to changing SA. Holtz is in the race simply to point out that the
whole thing is a fantasy trip. And for him, maybe it is.

Mitch Werner
Werner has little experience and appears to have given little serious
thought to his proposals. His “keep-the money-flowing" attitude cer-
tainly won’t help in cleaning up SA's financial problems. His severe lack
of leadership potential, his inability to think on his feet and his inability
to express himselfcoherently make Werner a poor candidate for Central
Council. no less SA President.

Anne Markowitz

Markowitz looks like a hard worker, someone who will do what she's
told. But the Vice-Presidential spot needs an innovator as well, someone
who will be able to initiate projects and take charge of issues. Markowitz
isn’t. She lacks originality, inspiration and a sense of conviction. She
would have difficulty convincing other students tojoin SA or instilling
in them any kind of spirit or excitement.

Her only concrete proposal is turning the Campus Center into a stu-
dent union—but if all her ideas are so misguided and impractical, then
she is not the right person for the job. As Dave Gold‘s running mate,
Markowitz is a good match but not a very good complement. They‘re

 

too similar,in_attititde,directi0n and ideology to beable to cover all the

basestbe executive branch must cover.

, Steve Mlller . _r I

Miller is reasonable, well intentioned and is. headed in the. right
direction—SA’s internal problems, although he did seem to dismiss the
other'concerns and responsibilities of the Vice-Presidency too quickly.
What he needs is another year of experience to familiarize himself With
the'workins of SA and the university before tackling the problems of the
executive of lice. He has leadership abilities and is someone who should
be kept around in the coming administration. However, he has stated
that even given a clear student mandate on an issue, he would vote his
own judgement first. And that’s not the kind of representation we need.

Robyn Perchik

Perchik does her homeWork. When she's prepared, she can be very
convincing, but she’s thrown too far off balance by the unexpected to
perform well as president. Thinking and reacting qutcklyis essential in a
leader, and essential in gaining the respect of students, faculty and ad-
ministrators. Her forte is the Food Co-op, and she stresses that she is a
good manager. However, she was not a part of the struggle With ad-
ministrators at the conception ofthe Co-op, she concentrated on setting
up a functioning office. SA could certainly use a good office. manager.
but in the office of the vice-president if anywhere. Perchik is also not
dynamic; that’s a must if students are going to be attracted to SA and
work for SA and respect SA.

Paul Feldman

Feldman is knowledgable. He has experience dealing with faculty and
administrators through University Senate. As an effective and articulate
spokesman for students in university and academic affairs, he would
bring back SA interest to these long ignored areas. However. Feldman
may be too deeply involved. for no matter how much energy is expended
here, there is a definite limit to how much student input there Will be in
academic affairs. V

Feldman may have picked up more knowledge on the running of a un-
iversity in two years than most students could in four, but he is still sore-
ly lacking in SA operations. SA must clean up its act before it can expect
the full cooperation and respect ofthe rest ofthe universitye-Aincluding
students. The president‘s office is not the place to learn this.

What upsets us most about Feldman. though, is his general
demeanor. He knows he knows a lot, thinks too highly of himself and
will probably have difficulty communicating effectively with students.
We don‘t need a president who will go down to the dinner lines and talk
our ears off—we need a listener. and Feldman doesn't. Of all the can-
didates. he has the highest alienation potential. And he was the only can-
didate who had no answer when asked to name his greatest fault.

Davld Gold
Gold is ambitious, honest and dedicated to the student interest. He
has been responsible for several tangible improvements in student life,
somethingthat cannot be said for the other candidates. He is impressive
in his openness and in his conviction that SA can only be successful is
stud‘ents support it.

 

your opinion,
please?

To the Editor;

Two years ago students here it! SUNYA
voted by an overwhelming margin to establish
a chapter of the New York Public Interest
Research Group. Inc. on this campus. In
forming NYPIRU. the dream of creating a
student research and advocacy group that
pursues social change on a state level has
become a successful reality. N YPIRG now has
l2 member colleges and universities in New
York State. seven offices with a full time staff
of 25 lawyers. researchers and hundreds of
student volunteers.

However. our contract with Student
Association runs out in June, so the fate of
NYPIRG at SUNYA will once again be
decided by students.

We're proud of what NYPIRG has
accomplished across the state. but we're
particularly proud of our own performance
here at SUNYA. Interns from this university
have lobbied two bills into law and have
researched and writted pamphlets on energy.
i turnable bottles. and tenants rights in

Lhousing code violations. Our students

r investigated homes for children. checking for

efficiency and quality and child care. We‘re
just completing l.I redlining study which will
document a banking practice in Albany that
leads to the deterioration of neighborhoods.
We helped register over 2000 SUNYA
students to vote, and went to court when those
rights were capriciouslyignorcd. Together we
huvc sent over 400 letters to legislators urging
them to decriminalize marijuana. We ran a
successful returnable bottle pilot project on
State Quad.

You get a lot for your money with
NYl’lRU: a lobbying operation in the state
legislature that is aggressive. respected. and
effective; litigators who have won case after
case; and a watchdog of state agencies and
corporations. All this for only four dollars of
the Sbbstudent tux—that's a good investment.

This year's referendum includes a clause
which assures students that ifthey oppose the
progressive policies of NYPIRU has pursued.
they can recieve a refund of their money. This
is the fairest way we can spend ourstudenttnx
money.

We urge you to support NYPIRG in this
Week's election.

Kevin Kovacs
Chairperson
NYPIRG iit SUNYA

the popularity
contest

To the Editor:

I am running for Central Council and
University Senate from Dutch Quad. As I
watch the elections draw near-there are some
things that I feel are worth mentioning.

As your editorial stated on April’f‘). there is
something vaguely disturbing about the way
campaigns are run. especially the use of
posters. While walking around Dutch and
other qunds. il seems-that the majority of
posters for Council and Senate candidates
consist of Vote for . . . and some catchy
slogan. Why should somebody be elected if he
merely throws his name up on a poster,
without listing his ideas or his qualifications?
Some people run good campaigns. notably
Presidential and Vice-presidential candidates.
but for most. it boils down to a matter of
turning out friends and acquaintances in
sufficient numbers to get elected. A race that is
nothing but it popularity contest is ii serious
handicap to the dedicated candidate.

My main point is that for all ofﬁces. don't
vote on the basis of who you know. but onthe

basis of what you think they willdo. lf SllltlL'lll
government remains a popularity pull. I
predict that next year's executive and
legislative branches Will he no better then llll\
year‘s.

Slim “It'ht'l

uncomfortable
confiscation

To the Editor:

Last Thursday evening. April 2|. we set nut
to have an enjoyable evening at the Al Sit-nun
concert. being held at the Palace Theater
Instead. we were dcnioralizcd by the slimlin
treatment demonstrated by the [beam
employees. Upon entering the theater wc WL'lt'
stopped and searched like common Crimlntlls
Our pocket books were grabbed, opened. llllti
rummaged through by a woman employee. Al
this point. two bottles of wine were taken from
our possesion and placed into it nearby trash
can. We were then herded down the aisle like
cattle. We are not denying their right to refuse
us from bringing in glass bottles. We do feel.
however. that we should have been given thc
opportunity to trike the wine out ourselves.

We question the legality of this come

situation. Would We have been treated this

However, Gold lacks experience in intellectual analysis; he
characterizes himself as a “gut reactor.” This may not necessarily steer
him wrong, but he won’t be able to convince administrators to change
policy on the basis of emotion. He claims he will bring in knowledgable
people—like Feldman—to Work in their specialty areas. ’ Enough
students working in such a capacity would definitely mean a more effec-
tive SA. But we aren't convinced that it would be easy for Gold to attract
those people.

Gold‘s proposal fora task force to involve students in SA is interesting
and aimed in the right direction, but it‘s doubtful that it will work. Task
forces may be chic these days but it will take more than bureaucratic
tactics to get students involved in SA.

Student Association will survive Gold, but it probably won't be any
different.

Jon Lafayette

Lafayette has been a careful observer of SA for years. He has had the
opportunity to examine competent people in office (Curran, Birnbaum,
Klein, Coyne) and has served in a wide variety of positions. He can solve
problems and take on and complete realistic projects. He won't take
himsellé-or the job-— too seriously. and would be receptive to new peo-
ple and ideas. H is proposal fora much-needed revamp ofthe controller‘s
function in SA is intriguing, and his priorities are, in general, well-
placed.

Many people have difficulty taking Lafayette seriously. though. He
hasn‘t communicated his reasons for leaving Central Council or for his
early disillusionment with this year‘s DiMeo adminstration. He may be
lacking in the techniques of persuasion, and his sarcasm could work
against him if he doesn‘t keep it under close control.

Lafayette‘s image is also a problem at this time. There exists a serious
lack of faith in his conviction. dedication. and dependability.
To attract students he must be able to project confidence.
Students have to have respect for him and his office. It would take time
for Lafayette to earn that confidence and respect; time that SA may not
be able to afford.

SA Vice-President

Kathy Baron

in her three years here, Baron‘s involvement in student government
has encompassed a Wide range of issues. She has experience in SA's in—
ternal matters through Central Council and the Health, Law and Safety
Committee. On a university level, she has been involved with Student
Dwellings, improvements in womem’s health service and UAS. She‘s
dealt with both SUNY Central and the state through SASU.

Baron is sharp; she knows student politics more thoroughly than any
other candidate. and her determination and commitment are beyond
question. She handles herself well. Her occasional aloofness and her
tendency towards over-reaction are more than compensated for by her
smooth speaking style and her ability to converse and argue intelligently
on almost any issue.

Baron also has more of a student perspective than a Student Associa-
tion perspective, and that may prove to be an advantage in avoidingthe

opinion that Steve's views on policy and

radically alter the office manager-businessrmanager concept Of 'VP that
Gary Parker developed — taking on responsibilities and projects morei'

petty internal hassles that so often arisein SA. She wouldiprqbabl'

oria par with the president. r

Baron has already earned the respect of administi'ators, and would
not need time to deVelop relationships. 'She is taken seriouslyand
rationally. We don’t believe that she’s mad as hell, but she does care.
Kathy Baron is the best possible candidate for Vice-President.

SA President '

Jlm Aronoff

Aronoff also has a broad base of experience. internally with Central
Council and Finance Committee, as well as University Senate, the com-
mittee on distribution requirements, UAS, Student Dwellings. his class
council —~ he‘s beenjust about everywhere on this campus, and in each
role he has been articulate. reasonable and respected.

Aronoff will approach the position from a pragmatic point of view.
rather than a philosophical one. He is relaxed and comfortable with
himself. and could be effective as a recruiting agent for SA.

Aronofl‘s image is one ofsolid reliability. intelligence and seriousness.
And image is important when dealing With people ~-— administrators,
faculty and students —~ who may not have the time to look past the im-
age.

Jim Aronoff. more than any other candidate we’ve spoken to. has all
the necessary qualifications of a good SA president. He is a leader. He
possesses a great deal of knowledge about SA and the university. The
range and depth of his experience afford him a balanced perspective on
students. SA and the university.

He and Kathy Baron will complement each other nicely. Aronoff is
strong in internal affairs and academics, Baron's strengths are in state-
wide and legislative matters. in addition to a good-sized overlap.

Even though Aronoff is a Vice-Presidential candidate. he shines
alongside the choices we‘re faced with for president. He accepted the VP
spot as Dan Uaines’ running mate, but Gaines‘ withdrawal just before
the election left him in an awkward position. Despite this. the ASP
believes that Jim Aronoff is the best possible choice for SA President.

Logistical problems arise. however. because Aronoff is not listed on
the Presidential ballot. 'l‘herefore, it is necessary to write in Jim Aronoff
for SA President. it may involve a few more pencil strokes. but voting
qualifications rather than tickets and offices mightjust elect a workable.
successful Student Association.

 

way il we were not college students. or were

attending a different type of concert'l Why

were no signs posted informing us that it was

against the theater's policy to allow glass

containers? Our only hope is that the Palace
employees enjoyed our choice of Wine.

Patricn liobwich

Viilcric Schlinimcr

June Spincllii

another
veep

To the Editor:

The purpose ol'this letter is to endorse Steve
Miller as candidate for SA Vice President. We
have all known Steve us a Resident Assistant
on Colonial Quad. Vice-Chairperson ol' this
ycﬂr's SA Budget Committee. ii member of his
Quad Hoard. iiiid ustudent on our campus. by
virtue of his piirticipiition in these activities we
recognize his abilities its u lender and ii listener.
and thereby view his potential as a Student
Association Vice President. We are of the

purpose are consistent with the ideals ofan SA

that disseminntcs information to the students

in a more effective manner. operates more

efficiently. provides more essential services.

and communicates better with faculty and

administrators. It is for these reasons that we

urge students to vote for Steve Miller as SA
Vice President.

Betty Klindworth

Stewart chcnson

Buddy chklinski

Dave Lu'idry

(ircgg Cohen

Allan J. Brussurd

 

The Albany Student Press welcomes lei/er:
to the editor. [Jr/[err must be typewritten,
triple-spaced. and signed. Name: will be
withheld on request. Please bring or rend
letters to Campus Center Room 329 by
Wet/rimdny fur pitlrllr‘rlllari in the I’rlday
issue and by S Hilda y for Ihc 'l'uerda y issue.

    

   

A5

Srchr RAGGiO Erli/anin-Chiiy'
RICHARD Mrlmisrr‘in Managing Editor
M‘it'iixsi. Arian Business Manager
LAURIE Srunwru Prudut‘llun Manager

A
snags.

PHtS

Nrws EDITOR . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. BRYAN HOLlllERG
Assorinr Nrws ruirons . tJthATllAN Honors. 'l‘iiOMAs MititruLLo
Asrrcrs rmron . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Mxnc AnxiNi)

Assocurr xsrscrs miroas . . . . . . . . . .. . JONATHAN l’i-zNN. Donoriir ZELIN

EDITtlIIAI. moss comm . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Gneoonv PAVIJS

Sport-is suiron . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. MICHAEL PliiKAltSKl

Assocurt sronrs ruiron . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..EDDlE EMERMAN

onrnismo rumours . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. LISA human. Snarmm DZlNANKA

Assocmr ADVEI'l'lsthi‘ MANAGER . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. BRIAN CAIIILL

  
   
   
  
  
 

 

Slull ii'riIi-rs: Ailll‘l Alpcr. licnjuniin Alter.
Linda Fried. Miiit Kaufmiin.
lftlivnrd Riitlcr. l’nul Roscnlhiil.
Susziii Siitkowski.

Priltlllt‘lltlll.‘ Wendy licdcrmiiii. Sully Ann Brcclier‘
Kiircn Cooper. Leslie Eisenstein. Joyce
Fcigcnbiium. Jiinics Fox. Tom Uionis.
Sully Jugust. Debbie Kopf Vicki
Kurtzmiin. Liiuric Lcsko. Jeff Levitan.
Lorruinc Liberatorc. Louise Marks, Cnrol
Mcl’herson. Janet Meunier. Janet Rciter.
Debbie Rieger. Meg Roland. Joan
Silverblutl. Laurie Studwell. Sharon Szylit.
Kini Tummolo. Luurn Walke

(‘rrrripm-i'ilori: Ellen Boiscn. Jeff Aronowitz

Graphics: Frunk Smith. Steve Almasi,

Morgue: Sundy Robinson

Circulation: Cluudiu Slunek

ESTAHLISIIED lillb

The Albany Sllltlt'ﬂl I’rerr it published every Tuesday and Friday during Ihe school year by [he
Albany Sludt'nl Pres: Corporation. an independent noI-ﬁwproﬂi organization. Editorialpalicv
is determined by Illt’ Edllar-lri-Chlrf. and Li subject In ray/cw by Iht' Masthead Srq/f. Maillng
address: Albany Slur/cm Press. CC J29. I400 Washington Avenue, Albany. New York l2222.

lim'cr 'Iriliuni' manager. Horn- Slierttcr

AP. managers: Rebeccn l.iiiixiier.
Kevin Ruilcy

liidiar' News: Alice Kohn

I’ll-'l'lt‘it'.‘ Nancy Emerson. Jody Wilner

Billing at't‘lltlllllllll.’ Carol Cotriss

Payroll manager: Ellen Fine

Classiﬁeds: David Phillips

Photo manager: Tony 'l'tisriirotti

 

 

 

 

 

 

O
AleNy srudenr pngss CORPORATION
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
SreriiuN DZlNANKA 0 Srsuca RAGGIO I DANiui. GAINss

 

 

 

 

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . sill|l4ltldl-.i---v

  
 
   

   

   

  

.1

4-}... "A. _. a

a...

44,...

. . —.. \ A ~_e .;>1-‘.~.~;——s—qw‘_. --,¢.....-

. .. A, _....‘w .-..-,. .

 

