 

 

March, 1977

  

Dear Reader:

"Books" is paperback news today. Our columns are
filled with a variety of books, from serious literature to
mass-market specials. We have compiled a comprehen-
sive but easily digestible overview of the books available in
your bookstore now. .

“Jacob's Ladder" represents the reading and buying
habits of your fellow students. Those books originally pub-

Filty years of American sensationalism!
Detective, Sci—F i, Western, Supernatural,
Jungle, Pirate. Love, Sex, Super-Hero. 100
color pix 50

   

Dozens of ads, illustrations, art.
89 95

lished in paper are featured in “Today”..“0ult of this World” Gram on. “he
reviews recently released science fiction titles. N mummiemi.
- - nine COHSCIOHS-
We have tried to combine wit and enthusrasm into our THE Hess, Susan
reviews of reprints in paper. We hope there is at least one Iggy 
book in “Outsmarting the Jones” that suits. your reading   .
tastes. The books included in “Jones are inexpenswely CLINIC 
priced paperbacks. Poems Hamil-y.
And then there is Print-Talk, our extended review sec- byQqutan bones,
- ur ' 
tion. Always the same formula, Print-Talk offers a best highumi‘and
seller review, a science fiction thriller, and a title worth a mutlaz-lil’vlfrllc‘;  '
few extra WOTdS. vocabulary of unusual potency. $3.95

 

mine numeric” 

stories, poems, features, articles.

    

 

 

 

 

 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

 

   
  
 

ters, how and when

’5. they were made.
5 _ bibliography. i'llrnog-
raphy. The great
old slags surface
again in this
richly illus-
trated history
going back to
Chaplin days.

 

‘mally written Insert, we hope this publication will arm you $00“
with publishing industry facts no other publication is set up 0
to give you.

 
 
   
  
 
 

  
  
 

Sincerely yours,

Michael Moi an
Publisher

 

 

Chelsea House, 70 W. 40 St. New York 10018
Sciid__ 'l‘llli PULI’S ($7.‘)5)__ CLAI’

CLINIC ($3.95)_ DIRTY MOVIES (“3.50)

Add tax plus SI per book for postugc/liandling. No

COD. '5. Third cncloscd____.

 

 

Signature
_

Name
Address
M

 

   
 

 

I

I

I

I

| lankAmerlcard number
I

h

 

 

' - ' DIRTY MOVIES
We hope You Will read thr0ugh our ads, we'like to feel “ugh” InustmtedHistory o, the
that the ad copy is as interesting as our editorial copy. In 50.“ ﬂ Stag Film1915_1970
either case, no matter how you chose to read this info‘r- \pt‘ﬁ.’ 

 

 

 

  
  

.\
Jacob’s Ladder

The Final Days
Woodward & Bernstein, Avon Books, $2.50

The contraversial story of Dick Nixon's ﬁnal days in ofﬁce by the author's of All The President's
Men.

Today

Edited by Tony Goodstone
Chelsea House $7.95

Great literature it ain’t. it never was; it never pre-
tended to be. The pulp magazines were nickel and
dime and quarter affairs; they paid'their writers poorly
and slowly; they were printed on the cheapest of cheap
paper. But they were fun! Blatantly escapist, the pulp
magazines provided inexpensive entertainment for
every taste for about ﬁfty years. Tony Goodstone‘s
nostalgic look back at the trashy magazines that
ﬂourished from 1890 to 1950 doesn't just give the
reader bits and snatches of the pulps. a page here and a
page there; there are more than ﬁfty stories and arti-
cles, all of them complete. and a hundred of the
colorful, come-hither covers which enticed the
buyers. The names of these writers will be surprisineg
familiar to the readers of today: Robert E. Howard,
Dashiell Hammett, Philip Wylie. Tennessee Wil-
liams, H. P. Lovecraft. Paul Gailico, and Ray Brad-
bury are among the many represented in The Pulps.
This is a book to browse through, to pick up on a rainy
day and while away the hours.

The Whole Sex

Catalogue
Bernhardt J. Hurwood
Pinnacle Books $6.95

This exhaustive compilation aims at being nothing
. less than a WHOLE EARTH CATALOGUE of sex
and sex paraphernalia. providing. as the Introduction
states, "the kind of practical down-to-earth sex infor-
mation that anyone might be desperater looking for.
anytime, anywhere." The book offers copious infor-
mation. arranged by subject, on virtually every type of
available sex aid or device, details on how to get in
touch with various different organizations, clubs, or
what might be called special interest groups; as well in
various states, brief articles on the history of various
sexual practices, and a wide selection of photographs,
diagrams, and 18th Century prints and drawings.
Often glib and marred by occasional poor writing. the
book is nonetheless valuable either as an information
source or as an especially autrd coffee-table
piecc.—Gregory Fccley, I.M.l.

Composition in Art
Henry Rankin Poore

Dover Publications Inc., $3.00 8 Children of Dune

   

Lenin in Zurich
Alexander Solzhenitsyn, Bantam Books, $2.25

Solzhenitsyn recreates the philosopher-statesman's years in exile as psychological study of the
man and a well documented history of the times

Auctioneer
Joan Sampson, Avon Books, $1.95

A thrilling. enthralling mass-market special about a man stripped of his possessions, courage, and
hopes by an ominous presence of a stranger impossible to resist.

Powers of Mind
Adam Smith, Ballantine Books, $1.95

A trip through EST, Zen, Suﬁsm, TM, Esalen . . . by the author of THE MONEY GAME.

Joy of Cooking
Signet, $4.95

JOY OF COOKING is the all purpose cookbook, the one indispensable cookbook, a boon to the
beginner, a treasure for the experienced cook. the foundation of a happy kitchen.

Humboldt’s Gift
Saul Bellow, Avon Books, $1.95

A tremendously warm. bright. sensitive. evocative piece of ﬁction by the 1976 Nobel Prize
Winner. Deﬁnitely worth reading!

Myth of Mental Illness
Thomas S. Szasz, M.D., Harper & Row, $1.95

A new edition of a book that has revolutionized thinking about the nature of psychiatry and the
moral implications of its practices.

COMPOSITION IIV ART is a reasonably priced, Frank Herbert, Berkley Publishing, $1.95
Pupcrbuck Wh'Ch Rmv'dcs u funfif'menm.’ mm?“ m Ranging from palace intrigue and desert chases to religious speculation ruid confrontation with
the mechanics of Visual composition. This unabndng superior intelligence of the universe, there is something here for all science ﬁction fans.—-P.W.
republication of Poore s 1967 edition originally titlcd
PICTORIAL COMPOSITION AND THE CRITI-
CAL JUDGEMENT 0F PICTURES includes 116
illustrations and 32 diagrams.

By using Master iuid Modem painters to illustrate
his points, Poore deals concisely and informativcly
with the varied technical aspects of visual organiza-
tion. Topics such as balanc' by gradation, natural
axes, and angular coniposit on are discussed along
with circular observation and light and shade. All of
these topics and more are indexed to enable the milder
to locate particular areas of interest.

Poorc's discussions can be applied to tuiy of the
disciplines wlicre visual communication is the subject.
This book can serve its a practical guide for not only
the ﬁne artist but also the graphic designer and
photographer.——I.M.l.

Life After Life
Raymond A. Moody Jr., M.D., Bantam Books, $1.95

The astounding bestseller that offers true experiences of those people declared clinically "dead".

Our Bodies Ourselves
Simon Schuster. $4.95

This book intends to stimulate womcn (tuld men also) to the kind of discussion and action which
leads to continued growth and change.

' Jacob's ladder is a best seller compiled from bookstores operating in the college market.

03-“-

   

  

  
  
 

