   
    
     
    
  
   
   
 
  
   

   
   
 
    
 

        
 
 
  

 

 
 

  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
  
 
 
 
 
    
  
    
   
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
  

upon presentation

"Wot SUNYA m!- s

0pm Tires" Wed. Fri.

Sal. [fl-5:30 '
Thurs. [0 - 7
Closed Mun.

LEE MEIER MAN
OWN ER

— Yarns 0 Needepoint 0 Crewel
Beads 0 Buttons 0 Stamped Unens
Trimmings 0 Embroidery 0 Sewing Nations-
60 Central Ave. ' coarse V

 

 
  
   
   
   
      
    

 

(PNS) airline platen Caner}:
gloomy Oct. 4 assessment tolls: UN

of efforts to limit the world’s arsenal
of arms lies in the failure of his adf.
ministration to curtail U.S. arms
sales abroad.

“I. am particularly concerned."
candidate Caner declared last year
in the heat of his presidential cam-
paign. “by our nation‘s role as the
world‘s leading arms salesman."
Denouncing the policies of the Nix-
on Administration. he added. “If I
become president. I will
work . . . to increase the emphasis
-on peace and reduce the commerce

 

career. The Lawyer's Assistant is trout tradi
tionally done by
Three months of training can you the

skill—themseaaremm choose
msdtttesevenmotferzydmiﬁechyi

nee
placed more than 2.”) gametes in law firms, banks.
and corporations in over cities. '
If you are a senior of high academic standing and are
interested in a career as a Lawyer‘s Assistant. we'd like
to meet you.

Contact your placement office lor an interview with our
repr ta ive

wenresosv, NOW 2

The Institute for
Paralegal Training

235 South l7ttt Street. Philadelphia. Pennsylvania 1910:!
Z”: eeoo
_ Operated by Pars-Legal. inc

 

 

 

Follow
The Leader
to The lbth Annual

I

_1.' . '

  
   

   

:‘ '3.
--
o
-
.o'
a
.0.
-
‘
. - Sponsored By
‘ Capital Newspapers

NOVEMBER 4-5-6
EMPIRE STATE PLAZA. ALBANY. N.Y.

Features Includet
alti demomtratlons and performances (Alpine, erosrcountry,
free style and ballet) . sIti lesbians C movies and music .
relreshments O skating demonstrations O "sore than it”
elhlbltor booths O prises O appearances by take Placid
Olymprc' ' hopefuls . dogsled demonstrations . and much
more

Showtirnesr ,
Friday: moo a.m.-l0r30 p.m.
Saturday- 24!) p.m.vl0t30 p.rrr.
Sunday: we p.m.-7rw pan.

Mniselonr
Adults -- 52.“)
Children I? I under —- 75c

Discount Coupons available at participating elhibitars
50: all adult admission
25: all children l2 II M admission

Underereund PIPKIDI AVIllﬂbl.

 

 

 

PAGE TWO

in r

Nine months into the Caner Ad-
ministration. however. Pentagon
ﬁgures put foreign military sales for
ﬁscal l977 at $8.8 billion — well
above the I976 lcvels.

Leslie Gclb. Director of the State
Department's Bureau of Politico-
Military Affairs. andthe man assign-
cd to implement the arms reduction
policy. has found himself fcttered by
the legacy of old commitments and
policies * often contradictory to
each other — from previous ud-
ministrations.

When (ich first began his study of
arms policy options last winter.
Washington observers predictcd
that the Administration would im-
post a permanent ceiling on U.S. ex—
ports at it level considerably lower
than the I977 ﬁgure of SIO billion.

One authoritative report in April
suggested Carter and Secretary of
State Cyrus Vuncc were planning a
25 per cent cut in sales. But as the
Washington summer hcut wore on.
insiders began to disclose uchanging
attitude.

“Initially. the guidance was all

_ prcdicutcd on ﬁnding wuys to scale

back on arms sales overseas." oncol-
ﬁciul participating in tire tulks said
recently. "The thesis was that arms
sttlcs ttrc all wrong. but now that has
chungcd. und thc guiduncc for
preparing the options is fairly
hulttnccd. Ihc pcoplc in the White
Housc now rculi/c then: are valid
rcztsons for selling ttrms." '

'I but bulttncc. unalysts both inside
llnd outsidc the Administration
ugrcc. hits rcsultcd from u combina-
tion of politicttl. military and
cconomic concerns.

Militurily. thshington finds itself
oblrgcd to continue urnts supplies to
115 rcgtontrl ttllics lrttn. Saudi
Arnbitt. Indoncsiu. flru/il. umong
trlhcrs which. under thc \‘ixon
I )oct rt tic. took over thcjobol'dcfcn-
ding l‘ S, intcrcsis ttt tltc troubch
llnrd World

Economically. urtns sulcs are at
major irtstrurttcrtt Ior improving the
l S. bulttncc ol puyrrtcnis position
ttnd lot' rcductrtg tltc costs Arttcricu
must puy for Its \vcztpons. ('riticsttdd
thui such exports ttrc ttlso ll tnnjor
source or profit for us. ttrnrs firms
untl thcir \rtrtotrs subcontrttctors
uho dcpcntl on mrlttnry orders.

Ilctorc I070. most li.. .ttt'rns sttlcs
\tcrtt to .lnpttn. (‘trrntdrt trrtd Wcslct'rr
I‘tlttlpc. bttt todny the bulk of
purchnscs Is by I llll'tl World ntittorts.
lhcsc cottntr'tcs bottght $2.0) million
Ill units per your lll thc l050s. but
now buy tltt astonishing $0 billion
worth it lttt'gc chunk goingto tltc
poor. dcbt-riddcn tttttrons of I.ttlitt

Atticrictt. Alrictr tttrd Sottthcttst Asitt.
—-————

fit it rcccttt ttrttclc III the ASI' cott-
ccrrrrttg tltc Albttny Sttrtc vtrrsit)
ham-bull tcntn. prtcltct l'nul (‘oltcn
nus incorrectly cr'cdilcd with ttn
cnr'ncd run nvcrngc of 2.93 in L5 in-
nrngs. (‘ol.crt trctttttlly finished the
scam”! wtth u 0.84 ctrtncd filll
tttctugc ill I0 2 .l innings. ('oIrcn
ilIMl wrrs titc “inning pitcth in ottc
of thc lirttrc‘s tIrtcc \ictotici.

 

ALBANY STUDENT anss‘

  
    
   
   
  
    
  

 
  
 
 
    
  
     
  
  

Sanctions Don’t Make Sense Says Young
WASHINGTON (AP) Andrew Young. the American ambassador to the
United Nations. sttid on the ABC television program “Issues and Anwcrs"
that economic sanctions against South Africa don't make sense
“businesswisc‘ and he would not support such a program. He pointed out
that 462 American corporations have invested $3 billion in South Africa ttnd
added: “Nobody is reasonably goingto pick upthrcc billion dollars worth of
plants and products and equipment and move it anywhere." Young also sttid
he docs not favor a ban on the sale of nuclcztrfucl to South Africa. He stud the
country has such an advanced nuclear POlCl'lli.' that a cutoff “Would only
encourugc separate development."

Carter to Help Workers Hurt by Imports
WASHINGTON (AP) President Carter is considering proposals to cxpttnd
. by 50m 100 percent the government program to help companies. workers and
communities hurt by foreign competition. Administration ofﬁcials stud
Sundtty the proposals would help American ﬁrms compete with imports. but
also would try to soften the impact when foreign competition costs workcrs
their jobs. The proposals would sharply increase the money rtvttilttblc for
communities hit by imports and shift the emphasis ofthc program awuy I rtrm
simply making cush payments to laid off workers. The suggestions. given to
the president lust week. include low-interest loans to companies sucking to
modernilc their facilities. higher rctrttining allowances for displaced workcrs
and aid to cities which have lost industry. administration aides said. lhc
proposals come us many workers fucc layoffs or shutdowns bccttusc of
increasing foreign competition. On Thursday. a group of congressmen from
steel-producing states risked Carter to impose import quotas. .ttying $1ch
from Japan and West Germany is undercutting domestic production. (‘ttrtcr
refused their request. but said laws against dumping products at below-cost
priccs would be enforced.

 

Eighty-seven Killed In African Border Clashes

CAPETOWN. South Africa (AP) The South African and Rhodcsrun
governments reported killing 87 black guerrillas in two border buttlcs its the
UN. Security Council prepared to vote today on four African resolutions
censuring South Africzt. The South African government reported ils troops
killed 6| guerrillas and lo t ﬁve ofits own soldiers in a 36-hour battlclttst truck
nlongthc horderﬂﬁg‘yecn Satyr-West Africa and Angola. It wusthc ltctnlcxl
ﬁghting reported in the l0-ycttr-old bush war forthcindcpcndcncc ofthc prc-

"World War I Gcrmrtn territory. A communique srtid government troops

engaged on lllimttn forcc ofthc South-West Africa People‘s Organi/zttton
(SWAPO) on 'l'hursdttyttnd bttttlcd back and forth ucross the border. It sztid
the South Africans reached the gucrilltt‘s "most northern busc"in Angoltr
bciorc rctrctttrng Saturday. The announcement did not stty \vhcrc ttlongrhc
BOO—mile bordcr the ﬁghting took plucc.Mcunwhilc. tltc Rhodcstttn
government said its army intcrccptcd rt gucrilla forcc crossing into Rhodcsltl
front Zttmbiu rind killed 26 of the black insurgents. It did not say \thcn or
where along the border tltc brittle took plucc.

Farm Strike Threatened for December

TOPEKA.Kan. (AP) Declaring thtu low farm prices nutv wipc ottt stitltll
towns, fut‘rncrs from six ntidwcstcrn Slithh gttthcrcd to plcdgc support Itrt .t
nutionwidc futtn strikc I)cc. I4. "If I go down. husincss \rhich I\ tor.t||\
dependent on ttgriculturc will go down. too..' stud Stttn llcliocr. ll grunt
furmcr Irorn Ilcrlrttnd. Nch. "'I‘Itrtt rncttns smull lt)\\n ILSA. \touItl hc
finished. my childrctt Wouldn't bcttblc to grow up on it f;tr‘m..' hc ctililillllt‘tl
"I've no ttltcrmttivc. I‘ve got tofight." I)c|locr wtts rtmongthc 800 pcoplc \\ ho
guthcrctf tn Iopcktt Sundrtyforu rrtllysponsorcd by Arncricurt Agr'iculttttc_ .t
loosely knit mowmcnt of furrttcrs Itcrtdtruuttcrcd in Springfield. Colo. lltc
Kttnstts r'ttlIy followcd rcccnt situilttr cvcrrtsrn fetus and (icor gut. “tilt of Itch
schctlttlcd lit the future in Nchrttsktt, Iontt. Minnesota. [Monroe and otltt't
fttrtn stutcs.

Pound Reaches Highest Level in Eighteen Months
LONDON (AP) (ircul Iiritttin dccidcd toduy to fur thc YllIUt' of tltc pound
tttmc trputttd, :truI it irnrncdiutcly jumpcd ntorc thurt 5 cents ttgtttrtst 1hr
dollttrto its Irtghcst Icch irt morc thurt ll)t‘llf1lltdil httlf. AtrcttsUr'ystutctncrtt
sand thc Ilttnk ol I‘nglrtnd's policy of Intcrtcning itt tltc tnttrkct to kccp tltc
pound‘s prrcc dott It "is to bc :tdjuslcd." I'hts \vusirrtcrprctcd to at \‘irl urtl 5 pct
ccnt ttpwttrd tL'HtIltttlllltt of sterling. lrttmcditttcl '. tltc pound Icztpctf on
l'ot'crgn cxchungc tnurkcts to un initiul rtttc ttguitrst the dollar of Sill}. At nud-
rttorrtrrrg. tt tottchcd “.8420 its highest Vltluc sinc Aprtl I976. the pound
closcd l'l'ltltt)’ ttt $|.7772. lltc effective I’cvtilllttllon simply makes ctcrythrng
llt‘lllsli pt'tccd In British pounds more expensive for holders of forcttl“
ctrrrcncy. l‘or' llritons. it tncttrts clrcttpcr vrtctttions abroad and CVCIllllzllI)
lowcr priccit on tmportcd goods. People coming here from the Unttcd Slum
will find pounds more expensive ttnd tints dollttrs going Icss fttr.

Working Wives: FortyOne Percent at Work Force
(lltllA‘l‘ Nllt‘lt (AP) I’ttrtly bec'ttusc time till: more working wivcs'thttn c\ct
bclorc. women now tttnltc up 4| per cent of this country‘s work force.
ttccordtng to the 0.5. licprtrtrtrcnt ol' l.ttbor‘s Bttrcttu of labor Statistics
Ilcihct't Ilrcnstock. tltc hurcntt's rcgionul commissioner. stud tltttt bctwccn
Mtuch Witt tind Mttt'ch i077 the number of Working wives - women who huvc
n husbnntl prcacnt irt their home - rose by 023,000 to 22 4 trtrllton. IIlt'
inctctoc wns one of tire Irtrgcst ever recorded. liicrtstock spoke ttt it norncn'~
crucct tlsnc’tnillcni tltcclitt poorcd by (ifL'tIi Neck‘s l'cntplc litmtnucl

NOVEMBER 1. 1977

 

Fate of Athletic Surplus

by Steve Bracket
The future ofthc s | 20,000 SA sur-
plus fund will be decided by Ccntrttl
Council hcl‘orc 'I‘hnnksgiving. accor-
ding to Chairperson of tltc Athletics
Finance (‘ommittcc Dchbic Ruskin.
According to Ruskin. tltc 'cotn-
rnittcc \viII prcscnt u proposul bcforc
(‘cntrtrl Council todistributcthc sur-
plus. with $60,000 going to the
Athletics l)cpurlrncnt und tltc rcst
rcmuining us an SA surplus.
Ruskin suid thut lItis umount hus
dccrcuscd from $l80.000 ovcr tltc
pust ycttrs. I'his dccrcttsc is the result
of u 5 [7.000 Iourt to WCI )0. $20,000
for student dwellings. u I‘ivc Quud
lortn. ttnd $8.000givcn ItilItt: Univer-
sity L‘onccrt llottrd ttftcr rt money-
Iosrng outdoor conccri Ittsl spring.
According to Associutc Dunn of
l‘.(lllCtllItill Rulph Iibbctts. tltc sur—
plus bcguu rn I‘thhctr SA votcd lo
utrthori/c Hit: Athletic Advisory
llortrd to (Icvclop rt btrdgct to he
prcscrrtctl to tltc President of
SIINVA. lirc I’rcsrdcnt thcn dccid-
cd on u studcnl uthlctic tux. to rc-
nrurtt scptrt'utc from tho SA tux.
“With this tux." Iibhctts snid. “it
was (IL‘CltlL'tl tltut tltc Athletics
I)cpurttncrtt would rcccnconc-third

",2

‘of SA‘tr annual budget. to' be curried
over the following ycur.” _
Tibbctts suid thttt when SUNYA

‘ moved to thc uptown cttmptts. the

President advised the Athletics
Department to'nccttmulutc n sur-
plus. cnubling tltc cxpttnsion of
nthlctics wit It the growing university.

“llccuusc tltc dcpurtmcnt l‘clt tltut
buskctbttll was growing itt im-
portitncc.“ 'I'ihhctts. strid. “games
were moved front the I'ttgc IIrtII
buscmcnt to tltc thshington Avc.
Armory." Hc ttdtlcd thttt 514.000
wns ttlloctttcd frotrt tltc surplus for
this opcrntiorr.

Rising Surplus

Iltc I’rcsidcnt dccidcd to let the
surplus ttccttmulutc. und with tltc irr-
crcusing student cnt'ollntcnt ut thc
uptown cttmpus. I'ihbctts "rid thut
thc surplus continucd to rise. Accor-
Jing to Ruskin. tltc surplus l’CllCIlL‘ll
ovcr $200,000 ill onc timc.

"thn thc l‘thlllly‘sllltlL‘lll
Association hooks wcrc inspcctcd in
I069. uttditors citrirttcd than it was in-
ttppropriutc to curry un llil-
dcsigntttcd surplus tltrottgh sttrdcnt
tttxcs." Iihbcts stritf.

As u rcsttll. ('cntrttl ('ouncil mudc
plurrs to rcdtrcc tltc surplus. It urns

 

  

H I U stuvrt

H St
University Police Director Jim Williams said he doesn't think he has a
strong influence over a University Senate sub—committee given the
task of reviewing the use of handguns by campus security.

TAPMoney May Cover

by \ tllt'fil’ Mtiliituro

Icgrslntrorr tlrut \\tllIItI pto\rtfc
IAI' cotctttgc ol thc 3.25 Sl NY llll-
I\L'I\|I) Icc Irtrs u hcttcr clruncc of
root tug tllII rngtlrc l07lt-70 scssrorr of
lIiL' Stntc lcgislttltltc. trt‘cortlirtg to
tilt Asscrtrlily spokcspcrsorr

I IiL' Illlllltlllltil) Icc “tls rttsltttttcd
||I tltc c'tt’I) I‘lttll's Io ttncr construc-
tron costs oi sttttlcnt lllilttll Ittttltltngs
on Si .\\ cnmpttst-s.

According to tr Sttttc l ttrwtsrly
spirlxcspclsttlt. lIchc \\;ts collt‘t'l‘tt
\trtIttn tltc StrM \ccltir IIlilI lItt'
collcgc Icc \vtls flt'llltlll) wrung llrc
suntc lttrrdrrtg pttrpmc .ts tr tuition
cIurr gc. bttt nus not bring cmcrcd Iiy
IAI’ lrct'tttrsc oI Its \Illllh us it lcc

Ihc [tltrptrsitL \\IiIL'Il \tottltl rrtisc
Illt' IAl' nuttrtl curling tot Sllhi
stutlcrtts lrortr h750 to $775 for
If cshrrtcn llllll sophorrtoics untl from
5.000 to $025 for juniors turd scnior's.
this spottsotcd by tltc Sttttc Scttrrlc
turd Asscrrthly lust st'Nstrtli. Ncrthct
IitII \tus trtovctl otrl ol t'ortrttritlcc.

I)cpul) (‘hunccllor for
(rotcr'rtrrtcrttatl Ilclntrons llcr'lrcrl
littltlllll stud. " | In: Ncn Yolk Strrtc

NOVEMBER 1. 1977

Ilor rnrtor‘y Attlltortty llonlctf bonds
to cmcrthc cost of tltc sttttfcrtt untort
Irtcrlrtrcs. Iltc L‘trIlt'gc tcc I\ .t it'\L‘llllL'
rncchrrnrsrn than or” .tllott tltc
linurtcc ttgcrrcy to nrcct rt» contrnct
ohliguttons \vrth ll\ borrtlltoldcrs.

“SuchlutrtItrtgprccctfctl(imcttttir
Nclsort Itockcfcllcr‘s progrnm rrl
cttprtrtl construction putmcrrt
through Iotrg-tcrrtt ltttttttcrrtg “IIIL‘II
Ito\\ ttscs lttttltttt us Its sottlt’c ttI
rc\cntrc." stud (lordorr.

( ml ( otrrcrn

lhc Asscrrrlrly spokcspcr'sort \illtI.
"I rtst ycut tltctc nus cortccrrr ubotrl
tltc cost of such .t progrrtm L‘\|tilll-
stort 3|.5 rrrrllrott tot tltc lit'st ycur.
Ilns your I.» rnorc lrltcly ttr ht- u ycrtr
ol oppotrttrnt) tot IAI’, hccttrrsc of
thc ifitpl‘tnctl Itscitlcln ir'orttncrrt .rttd
hccnusc It is no clcctrorr ycnr. IItc
htutc I.cgtsltrturc ctrn tttkc it more
t'orrrprcltcnsrvc potrrt of NC“ on
IAI' pt'tllltrsitlu."

(it)\c|'|itil lltrglr l'rtr'cy mu) rrt—
cltrtlc tltc ptoposttl rtt his budget
rncssugc to hc tIcIrtcrctI to the Sttrtc
l.cgt.~.|ttturc lit Junuttry. according to
tltc Assistttnt SCCI'L‘Ittf’)’ to thctiovcr-

 

 

dccidcd thut tltc stttdcnt uthlctlc tux
would not irtcrcrrsc for tltc next five
ycurs. Al‘tcr ti substttrrtittl reduction
was mudc. I'ibbctts sttid thut this tux
would begin to incrcusc nguitt uflcr
I075.

“But Ccntrttl Council decided not
to reduce tltc surplus tiny morc." Itc
suid. “bcctrttsc they find pluns for
htrilding :1 field house."

As it turned otrt. SUNYAstttdcnts

votcd ttguinst tltc Iicld housc
proposttl lust ycnr. rind tltc surplus
rcmuins ut “20.000.

According to Direct or of At hIctics
R obcrt l‘ord. tltc dccrcusing surplus
had no effect on tltc nthlctics dcpurl-
tncnt.

"As u result. Wc'vc hard to drop
muny .Iunior Varsity sports. spring
golf. und uwurds.“ he said.

Ilccuusc u frchc \vus ptrt on lllt

Senate Group Reviews

ll) Mikc I'cnrlmun

lhc use of guns by linucrsily
I’olrcc is being rc\tcwcd by n sub-
cornrnrttcc of llni\crsrty Scrrrttc in-
stctrd of u spccutl cornntittcc \\Irich
\strs schcdulcd to ho lorntcd lust spr-
ing.

"I‘m \cry skcptrcrrl nhout Ituvingu
stundtng corttrnittcc rcvicw guns
hccuusc it Would sccm to bc vcr'y
dcpcrtdttnt trpott IllL‘ udrninistru-
lion." . .rid SA l’rcsidcrtl l)tl\c(it)l(l.

"'I'hc tntrtion wtts brought by Utr-
ivcrsity I’oltcc Director Jim
Williams and Itc obvioust Itus il
sittkc itt it.“ Itc stud.

(told stud thut SA \irts“rrttrkrrrgrtrr
uttcmpt to scc tlutl II|l\ corrrtntttcc
rcticus thc DttIlL') its ohicclttcly its
possrhlc. lirrItrrttrrrtttcly It's too llllL'
no“ to how llll rrtl-Iroc t‘tifllllllllL'L'
tttkc o\ ct' us spcyrfrctl by tltc lltrr\t'r'-
stt_\ Scrtutc hill."

Slttdcnt Scrnttor Ilcrrrtctt l)it'\\lt'l
sand thur tltc comrtrrttcc ls \cr) hills-

SUNY Fee

nor on I'tlttcuttorr :trrtf tltc Arts
lIcnIrk Iitrllcu. " | Itc proposnl l.\ on
tlcrn llit.‘ (rtttct'nor rs uuurc of." sttttl
litrllcu.

(Ilt\\:|iltii ( ttr'c) rcccrttly :trt~
ltlillllL'L'tI Itl\ sltpptrr‘l (II :t Milli ru-
t:tcrtsc In tltc I AI’ (L'lllllg that world
ullcct studcrtrx rtttcrrtlrrrg tltc \lilIL"\
prr\tttc scctor proposul ut tt\L'l $70
million tl\t.'l it pcrrotl oi lottr yctus.

SAM} I cgtslutnc l)rtcctor l)il\lll
('oytrc stud. "Iltc SIINY sttulcrrts
“Ito tittrrlrfylor fItc lllll.\llllllfll :murd
\UlllItl hcrttlit Ir'orn lIrc collcgc Icc
pr‘oposul. strlcc [IN 5825 fcc \votrItI Iii:
IllL‘ttl'ptll'lIlCtI rttto tltc ttrrtton sculc.
('llht 's collcgc In" “08 rncltrdcd ill
tltc ("try l‘nnctuty's ttttlton clrrtrgc
\tlrt'nttrrttorr “its rrtrposctf Ill I070. so
thirst: crttttlcd to tltc L‘ctltttg uttnrtl
iIIL‘ ttlrcutl) rcccrttrtg IAI’ and."

Vrcc (‘httrrrnnrr of Ilii: SUNY
llonr'tl of Irttstccs .latrncs Wurrcn
stud. “ll tltc IAI’ pt'ogt'urn ts crrrrchv
cd this ycur’. \vc Iropc tlntt tltc ptrhlic
unttcrsrty slttdcnts erI not hc ig-
rrorctl or hurt. (‘osts ttrc csculntirtg
l'ot IIlL' public collcgc studcnl tin well
its tltc prtvtrtc scctot' sttrtIcrtl."

 

cd in I:I\Ol' ofthc firc-ttrrns untI thut
WtIIturns is "running tltc show.“ Ilc
suid tltc mcctirtgs \vcrc \ cry infortntrl
ttnd thut tIrc lttculty ntctuhcrs on the
committcc didn‘t care.

Mctnhcrs of thc contrnillcc in—
cIudc tltc Criminnl .lttsttcc Faculty
tncmbcr WiIIium Ilrown. who is
Chairman; Williams. l)t'csslcr nnd
Muintcrrttncc Sttpcrintcntlcrrt I-rrtrtk
Kopl.

Drcsslcr stud "Williunrs tclls tItcrn
somcthitrg tilid tltcy do it. I Itc most I
can do is crcttlc somc typc ol lorurtt
for sttulcnts thut Irutc Iran corrtttcls
with the linitcrsiiy I’olrcc."

“Srncctltc group furs only rrrct trrrc
timc. l cztrr‘t possibly scc Iron IIL' \r|_\s
I'\c bccrt I'llllllllli.’ tltc short." \itlll

 

Masking the Issue
The sun brought out the people. and Halloween the masks, as the
podium filled with students taking advantage of the weather
Lyesterday. One student seems to be enjoying every bit of it. J

MIMI! CMIIO
‘lhe future of the SA surplus budget will be decided soon. and $60,000 of it may goto athletics.

surplus by tltc ttdministrtttion two
ycttrs rtgo. Ruskin suid tlrttt “only at
two-thirds votc front Ccntrul Coun-
cil could tttkc moncy ottt of it."

" All thc couchcs felt that we hud
bccn lcd dowrt tt pttth.“ Ford suid.
“We lhougfrt thut with the surplus
we could bttlrurcc our bttdgct. bttt the
money was frozen." Ilc tttldcd tltnt
thcrc is now no inccntiw to suvc
moncy.

Gun Policy

Williams.

llrown stritl thut tltc comtnittcc
hud met one ﬁrm this your und lItttt
thcrc is nothing on till: :rgcndn for it
rcvicw ol I'irc-urrns.

"lniot'mutton hits hccn rcqttcstcd
from tltc Urrivcrsity Sctuttc. tltc lin-
ivcrsity I’oItcc und tltc student
body." Itc stud. " I he first rrtccting
\t'usjtrst ttn orgtttrt/tttrortul orrc."

Ih'own sttitl lItnt " t\o htrsrtrcssthut
Irus hccn trnrrsrnrltcd hits hccri
TCCCI\C(I front on) lot'rtitticlnrtrnci."I
:tssttt’c you tlrttl “C “I” discuss thut
issttc trt otrr' IIC\l tnccttrrg :rlotrg \\I|Ii
utt) othcr tlnrtgs IIrttl Itrttcn'r bcctt
cotcr'cd." Itc \illtl.

lltc cotrrrntttcc \HlI Itutc II.\ rrc\I
nit-cling on \\ CLIIIL’NIH} \m. 0.

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE THREE

 

  
    
    
   
   
     
    
    
   
   
      
           
           
          
       
      
    
   
     
     
       

 

 

 

  

    
  
   
   
    
  
  
   
  
  
   
    
  
  
  
  

