 tut kickback harges and said'the

 

   
 
 
 
 
 

  
 
     
  

it 'tplea'o re s-'.

one had gone to Israel‘s ruling
borparty. ~ . r

    

 

\ continued/ram ptige one '. .
raising of stipends of grad students
’and the number of stipends,” said
Rosenbach. f‘in addition. the money
will go toward smaller items. such as '
the addition of a staff member tothe
ofﬁce of research in order to secure
funds- in support of the humanities
and seed money for research."

The minority report written by the
two students on the committee
showed a concern for the priorities
being used in relationto the graduate
program.

“I‘m concerned about the extent

‘ of the graduate buildup program,"
said Bob Freedman. “My concern is
the effects the plan will have on un-
dergraduates.“

“We understand the need to build
up the graduate program and its im-
portance,“ said Amy Paulin, “but we
don't want it to be to the detriment of
the undergraduate program.

    
     
  

  

press re‘d into th‘eilleysl money rai
ii

Generally/we agree with the cuts. We
' just want him [Fields]in the future to
be carefulr'ivitli the cuts he makes in
regard' -to the undergraduate
program." '
The tentative plan for the reduca-
tion of residence personnel includes
the elimination of two dorm director
positions and a stenographcr from
the Off-Campus Housing Ofﬁce. ‘
“I don't think anyone can be op-
posed to raising the stipend for
graduate students," said SA Presi-
dent Steve DiMeo. “However, you
Have to look at where those funds are
coming from. If you'retalkingabout
residence areas, we‘re talking about
secretaries working for l200 people
on a quad. lfyou look at a secretitry
in off-campus housing, you‘re talk-
ing about a person who has the
duties and responsibilities of
meeting the needs of a campus pop-
ulation of about 5000 people."

 

ELECTIONS

FEB. l5Y l6. l7

('I‘IN'I‘RAI. COUNCIL

Colonial (I) lirucc l’lttxcn

State (I) Stavros Dalumbakis
Sharon Ward ”
liob Kornit/cr
If/llllillfl/l Clay Molchr

('uinmiitt'riU) m” Cum“
Arthur llidtilgo
llarvey l.iift
' Rob Klotl
Jon Leverison
Kevin I). Hlitncltct
Alan Sussman

Class of I970 (’uuncll(.’)
Ellen (ioldwasscr
Judah Shapiro
Mark Kornlcin
Kenn l). liltinclict

 

SA Vote on your quad dinner lines

You into! present ‘l'tlfll‘ Itt.\' cart] and II) can] It! I'Ult‘.’

4pmto7pm

Commuters vote in CC
to am to d pm

UNIV. Sl'ZNA'l'l-I
(‘mninttlt'rr (4)
Hill Collins
Arthur llidulgo
"ltl'ch |.u|t
Rob Klotl
Kevin I). lllanclict
.liin Arontill
.loii l.cvcnsou

('lass of Willi

l’rtuitlt'nl Mark liorkuwski

Joel Korn

Mikc Jcitis

Vic" I'm“ Leonard ’l'csslcr

Rich Witlsli

('utuu'il (7) tircg Aldcrisio
Tom litirns
Reginald "Reggie" _

:twoicurrent  membersr, .
. V’, The'Yadlin scandal is the second ‘_

rig by Laborparty'. bosses. including .

 

Whitlock

 

 

QUAMTY RD CK

PM

To?“ _.

 

FM'S WE AleRllATNE:

to hit the Labor partyrecently.
Housing Minister Abraham Ofer
shot and killed himself last month
after being linked to illegal real es-
tate deals. V'

“We .had to get the funds for the
grad students," said Shirley. “The
state has not provided any income,
so it has to come from withinthe un-
iversity.“

' According to Shirley, the latest
plan shows only one possible
retrenchment.

“We went for areas we could
potentially draw the least amount of
pain from,“ said Shirley. “We're
hopeful that the position won‘t have
to be taken away.“

Dean for Student Affairs Neil
Brown, Vice President for Universi-
ty Affairs Lewis Welch and
Residence Director John Welty are
currently lookingintothe matter, ac-
cording to Shirley.

“The proposal is by no means
final,“ said Shirley.

This was one of the few items in
the plan the committee showed con-
cern for. “We Were dealing with the
entire area of student services," said
Rosenbach. “We urged the ad-
ministration to maintain services.“

President Fields must ltavc a final
bttdgct plan for SUNY Central by
Feb. 2|.

NOTICE
The Alba/tr Slut/mil I'l‘t'.\'.\ it'f” nut
ptili/iili Iliix Fritltn'. I't'li. IX. Thl' tit-.rt
issue of lllt‘ ASP trill ll/Illt'tlf Frnltti'.
Mart-Ii 4. Have II In]? rural/tin!

 

Write a letter
to the ASP.

Just drop If all In CC 326.

 

, Quebec hitches.  Indepe

 

Biology Club
.-.' 

 

-Tucs., Feb. 15, 8 pm.
Bio Room 242
All interested students are

welcome to attend.
r/lllltft'll by 52/1.

 
    

  
  
 
    

done from Canada
QUEBEC CITY, Canada (AP) An independent Quebec would move closer
to the United States economicallyand might encourage worker participation
in the management of private enterprise.,lh¢ Pl’OVinciﬂ' SOVCI‘Pmcm'S Chm
economic planner says. ‘jThe future for Quebec is in the processing of our raw
material products here, and in many northé-south international exchanges
with the United Slates.'expecially the East Coast." said Bernard Landry,
minister of state for economic development. 'Landry. 39. is a member of the
three-month-old Parti Quebecois PQ government. The PQ has vowad to lead
the French-speaking province toward independence from the rest of English-
dominated Canada and says it will put the question to Quebec voters in ii

referendum.

Energy Problems May Hurt California's Summer
SA‘N FRANCISCOiA P) Nort’hcrn Californians.already dry from two years
ofdrought, now face the possibility of power blackouts this summer because
of reduced hydroelectric power, prompting a state energy official‘s call fora
“shotgun wedding“ of major utilities. The critically low level of reservoirs
as low as one quarter of capacity-rand a snowpack in the Sierras as tnuch as
50 inches below normal mean less water .will be available to power
hydroelectric turbines, utility officials noted Monday. Robert Ham.
emergency planning director for the California Energy Commission, said
hydroelectric generation in Northern California‘s 64 plants. normally
producing 25 billion kilowatt hours a year, is rapidly dwmdling.

     
    
  

 

 

Mexican President Visits with Carter

WASHINGTON (AP) President Carter vowed to strengthen US. relations
with Mexico on Monday as be welcomed Mexican President .losc Lope/
Portillo, the first foreign head of state to visit the White Housc since (‘artcr
assumed the presidency. “Our problems are tnutual. our futurc must be
shared,“ Carter said during ceremonies on thc White House lawri. “I will go
even further than is required through diplomatic courtesy . . . to lie our
countries together in an unprecedented ttnd continual demonstration ol
common purpose, common hope, common confidence anti common
I‘ri - "' ', “ Carter said. Lopez Portillo,who promised “good faithtind good
will.“ told the chicl'cxcctive that “l‘tn certain We can solve our problems and
consolidate our friendship."

General Westmorelatid Criticizes Vietnam
HONOLULU (AP) Rctircd Gen. William C. Wcsttnorclautl. \tlio
commanded the US. troops in Vietnam for four ycars.says the United States
should oppose that country's entry into the United Nations. Wcstmorcltiiid
said Saturday that North Vietnam had signed an agreement that was
sttpptts‘cd to bring pcacc to Southeast Asia. “They broke that agrccmcnt in a
blatant and Ilagrattt manticr to the point where they ovcrran Sotitli
Vietnam," he said at a shopping center as he autographed copies of his book
on the war. Wcstmorcland, who commanded the US. troops lll South
Vietnam from I964 to I968, said thc United States doesn‘t owc the Southeast
Asia nation anything and should oppose its entry into the U.N. He also smti
of Victnam,“There are no human rights there whatsoever."

Rape Victim Stands Up for Her Rights

SALINAS, Calif. (AP) Almost three years ago lner. Garcia pickcd tip a rifle
and hunted down and killed tt'300-pound man shc said had held her down
while another man raped her. On Monday testimony in her second trial Ill lilL'
killing begins. This time she thinks she'll be acquitted pttrtially bccuusc oi
the impact her trial and the women's movement have had on attitudes and
laws about rape since I974. Mrs. Garcia‘s attorncy, Susan Jordan, said \ilt‘
will try to convince thcjury of IO men and two women that her clictit acted “in
legitimate sclfdcfcnsc." “l feel that l was defending mysclfund dcl'cndiiig [in
honor," Mrs. (iarcia, 32, said recently. “My state of mind . . . was hit-
anybody that gocs through something like what I did. You get ttltgi) and l
was in fear . . . “

Four Brothers Viciously Killed in Indiana
HOLLANDSBURG, ind. (AP) Pour brothers agcd I4 to 22 were killed in

 

shotgun blasts to the licad in "execution" stylc Monday after being Iil'tiL'l'L'ti lo

 

TENUREIN
DANCER

 

TODAY
'l‘ues. Feb. |5
3:30

 

 

 

Meeting of g'ncral fucull v
will he held in I’atruun Lounge
to ducitss implications of the
removal of tenure protections
that will result/rum thepropos-
ed U UI’ Contract.

lie face down on the floor of their family's mobile home. Their mother “to
wounded butcscapcd by pretendingto be dead after shots ripped tlirotigli ilL'l
wig. police said. State police described thc murders as an “Citcctllitilldlllk'
slaying." Their only clue to a motive was It $30 robbery. The victims at |\'
identified as Ralph Spencer, l4; Reeve ll. Spencer. lo, and Raymond M
Spencer, l7; and Gregory b. lirooks. 22. a step-brother. 'l'lic niohilc lioiut-
was situated in Illi isolated, woody knoll iii the hills of western Indiana

Nazl Lover Goes Beserk After Losing Job

NEW ROCHELLE, N.Y. (AP) A suspended employee with fl fixation all“
Adolf Hitler's Na/i philosophy stormed a warcliousc with title bla/im'
Monday. killing a policeman and four other then. Holding at least out
hostages as pawns. he held tiff ii seige force hour upon hour. At lL'itSl llm'v
other policemen were injured by the gunman‘s riipid fire. The mini. clad In a
Nazi storm troopcr's uniform. shouted from inside the Neptune Worldaidr
Moving Co. that he hitd “plenty of grenades and other guns to last me 1|”

 

 

 

 

 

 

24  A  Committee‘ of Concerned day." “At this point we will do whatever he asks for." said a police nIIM'L
Faculty adding, "At times he is rational and there are moments of irrationality and

’ hostility. lie is fully armed with one riflc,a handolicr ofamnio, possibly Wm"

_ ‘ hand guns and grenades."

PAGE Two ALBANY STUDENT PRESS FEBRUARY 15. 1977

          

   

   
 
         
    

  

 

 

  
     

V  Judy: Flute

The Eighth Step Coffeehouse, fre-
quented bnyUNYA students. was

‘ destroyed by a fire on sunday, Feb.
6 . In

The Coffeehouse is located in’the
basement of the First Presbyterian
Church at 362 State St. Rev. Robert
Lamarr, a minister at the church,
said a neighbor, Mrs. (Famby, dis-
covered the f‘irc. P ' '

Smoky Stairwell1
He said that Uamby saw smoke

_’coming from the stairwell of the

Coffeehouse and called the fire
department.
Fire Chief Joseph Pitzmaurice

said that the fire was reported at I :24 I

pm. Sunday afternoon.
Fitrmauricc said that the firemen

       

\were d’ t bresli'vdow‘n severe
they could enter. - I '

‘llrhis fire report, Eit‘zmauricesaid
that there Was extensive sriioite and
water damageth the Coffeehouse.
and moderate smoke damage to the
church. ’ ..' ‘

t “We had begun ’an investigation.
but the damage was too extensive to
be able to determine the nature ol‘the
I'ire", said jFitzmauric‘e:

Rev. Lamarr reported that the
steps leading to t he coffeehouse were
“entirely destroyed". and the church
and basement will need “refurbish-
ment and cleaning."

The minister said that the
Coffeehouse had been opened on
Saturday night. and that it was clos-

Associafe Dean for Student Affairs Charles Fisher ts chairing a task
force on career and life planning of SUNYA.

Potsdam Grades Inflate Above 3.0

Despite efforts to reduce grade in-
ﬂation at Potsdam State through
such things as the new grading
system, the percentage of grades of
1.0 or above given to students in-
creased last scmcstcr over the
previous two semesters.

Date rcccntly obtained frotn the

of'ficc of Policy ttnd l’lanningat that

college shows that in the fall of I976,
52 per cent of the total nutnber of
grades given by the various
departments were 3.0 or above, com-
pared to 51 per cent in spring I976
and 48 pcr cent in the fall of l975.

A 3.0 is consitlercd “high attain-
men'“ and a 2.0 is considered
average.

Sotnc departments at Potsdam
State traditionally have given higher
grades titan others.

69 per cctit ofthc grades given last
semester by the School of Education
were 3.0 or above wltilc in Political
Scicucc this was truc ftir only 30 per
cent of the grades given.

[Exceptional Allalnmcitt

4| per cent of the grades given last
semester by Education were 4.0‘s; a
4.0 indicating "cxccptional attain-
ment." Out of 3,2I7 grades given in
three semesters by Education. only
20 of these were 20‘s.

Another surprising aspch of the
School of Education is that seven iti-
structors in that school gave only

Editor's Note: This article originally

(III/It‘llrt'tf in the Rttt'qttt'ttt'. sttttlettt
ttt'itupttpt'r of SUC I’uls‘tltim.

FEBRUARY 15, 1977'

405 last scmster, and two others
only gith 3.5‘s and 4.03. Some in-
structors in Education gave less that
to grades.

"The record-keeping system by
SUNY doesn‘t reﬂect what is actual—
ly there.“ said Dr. chfers. "The
report does not reflect time spent in
the school systems observing all
kinds of problems. The report does
not have provisions for the type of
program we offer.“

“The system is obsolete and inac-
ctiratc for our purposes,“ added the
detiii.

Jeffers also noted that college
president Harrington "understands
reasonably wel most of our
problems."

Rigorous Standards

The Politicttl Science department
hits "certain rigorous standards."
said Dr. Richard DelGuidicc, acting
chairman ofthc department. "When
students get easy A's, they are getting
cheated. Somc departments which
are giving a lot of high grades ttre
tlcltitlittg the students into thinking
they are high-powered."

Only 9 per cent ofthc grades givctt
last semester in Political Science
were 4.0‘s.

“The grading system stinks,“ said
the acting chairman. “llut since we
have to use it. there litis to be
legitimacy."

“Many students have misconcep-
tions about grades. Their attitude is
that if you fill the quantitative re-
quirements, you should pass."

wooden doors ofthc structure before I ' ' '

relocated'at theiTt'inity Methodist j

Church‘ on the cornﬁzof‘ [ancester
and Lark. -
' ,4, H. (Io-Sponsored

The Eighth Step Coffeehouse is
co-sponsored by four area churches:
the First Presbyterian. Trinity
Methodist. Westminister
Presbytarian and the Emmanuel
Lutheran. It. in turn, sponsors folk
and other singing and instrumental
groups on a regular basis.

Rev. Lamarr expects the
Coffeehouse to return to the First
Presbyterian in about two months.
after the necessary cleaning and
repairs are completed.

 

 

  

 
 

Fiotnalnl ofthc Eighth Step Coffeehouse which burned it... one.

wish

Career Force Nearing Completion

by Josephine Tebano

A ,task force charged with ex-
amining various SUN YA career and
life-planning programs. will begin
work tomorrow on the committee's
final report.

Created in September by the Cl-
fice for Student Affairs, the group of
22 SUNYA community members
have spent the past five months look—
ing at how this and other universities
provide post-college counseling for
their graduates.

According to Associate Dealt for
Student Affairs Charles Fisher, who
is in charge ofthc task force, during
the past few years there has been a
growingconccrn about the quality of
career and life-planning programs
offered by the university.

Upon the formation ofthc the task
force, Fisher split the committee into
three groups, suggesting possible
guidelines to each so that various
aspects of the concern could be ex-

Dchuidice noted.

Political Science majors want
tough standards, according to
DelGuidicc.

“Our cnrollmcnt has gone up even
though we are known as bastards.
Learning is hard god damn work~
but it is exciting too,“ he said.

Parker Stipend Frozen

by Jonathan Hodges

SA Vice President Gary Parker
Iias had what remains of his stipend
frozen by Central Council last
Wednesday night.

The freeze, which follows the
refusal by Parker to resign as re-
quested earlier this month by Coun-
cil, will affect the remaining $150 of
Parker's $1,500 a year stipend.

“l Wits shocked, utterly shocked
when I heard about it," said Parker.
“First l was really upset, but tltcn I
realized that I wasn't in it for the
money and i went to sleep."

Internal Affairs

in addition to the stipend freeze.
Council instructed SA Internal Af-
fairs Committcc to investigate possi-
ble grounds for impeachment. The
committee is working under a ten-
tative date of Mtir. 2 to report its fin-
dings to Council.

"I was a bit surprised when the
tnotiou [to freeze Parker‘s stipend]
was made." said Central Council
Chairman Greg Lessne. “The debate

amincd.

The first group, headed by John
chato from the Registrar's Office.
reviewed SUNYA‘s programs and
services currently provided in the
career and life-planning develop-
ment areas.

Student Services. administrative
offices, and the University Library
were among the 28 different groups
that the sub-committee examined.

Levato said, “First We sent out a
questionaire for them to ﬁll out and
then we conducted a personal inter-
view with thcm.

The second group. headed by
Thomas Anderson, sent 4,000
questionnaire to SUNYA un-
dergraduates. alumni and graduate
students. .

This group was concerned with
how the students liked the existing
programs and if they could suggest
any changes that could be made.

Howard Grossman, a member of
this second committee, said that
about 2.000 questionnaires have
been returned.

“The students definitely care,"
said Grossman. “Some didn't take it
seriously but others thanked us for
the survey and still others typed the
answers to the questions."

The third group, headed by Diane
Yannaco of University College, ex-
plored other campuses for informa-
tion exchange, staff development,
and any news connected with career
and life-planning.

on the issue could not have lasted
much more than ten minutes."

While the action concerning the
stipend freeze was taken during
Council‘s weekly Wednesday night
meeting, Parker was not notiﬁed un-
til Thursday night.

“1 had been sick the entire week,
l‘m still sick for that matter," said
Parker. “It wasn't until a friend of
mine called Thursday night that I
found out that my stipend had
frozen ttnd that Rich (ireenbcrg had
been named as the new SA Services
Director."

The appointment oI‘Grecnbergto
the vacant position of services direc-
tor was madc by SA President Steve
DiMeo prior to the Council's
tneeting.

According to SA guidelines for
the organisation of the Executive
Branch. Grecnberg will now be in
charge of iill campus solicitations,
contractual services. the contact of-_
fice ticket agency, bonding of SA of-
ficers and clariﬁcation of the

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Questionnaires were sent to 35
different colleges throughout the
United States. Committee member
Kenneth Clay said that about ’one-
half of the campifses responded to
the questionnaires.

According to Clay, the question-
naires wanted to know what the
colleges presently‘offered in life-
planning, and what they were going
to offer in the future.

“It has taken so much time to
finish this project because each
group has had to make up their own
questions, also everyone has a full

time obligation,“ said Fisher. r'

Task Force member Virginia
Bebard said, "Everyone has worked
very hard on this project and we
hope that some good will come of it,
though because of budget restric—
tions we don‘t know if anything can
be done. Hopefully though. the
budget cart be redistributed.“

William Hayas, another member

of the Task Force, said that there ~

were many different ways in which
something could be done.

According to Hayus. an office for
career ‘and life-planning could be
developed. Other ideas on a smaller
scale include forming a club in a par-
ticular field to look for jobs orjust
getting a list ofinvolvcd faculty. who
would recommend jobs in their
fields.

According to Fisher, the Task
Force will make their finding known
public sometime in April.

by Council

transportation policy.

Since a large part of the duties of
services director had been done by'
Parker, Greenberg‘s appointment
has taken away a large part of
Parker's responsibilities.

“Frankly, I don't know what my
duties are any more,“ said Parker. “I
hope to continue to serve the
students on this campus."

So Ridiculous

“It's so ridiculous. If they [Central
Council] would channel their
thoughts away from getting rid of
me, they could accomplish alot,"
said Parker. “I will try to remain in
office and serve the strdents.
regardless of all the petty politics
that my fellow SA officers and
Council members want to play."

When asked if he would defend
himself against impeachment.
Parker said, “I guess I would have to

defend myself against impeachment ‘

because there are no real grounds for
impeachment. Right now my integriv
ty is on the line."

7'

PAGE THREE

 

 

  
 
 
  
  
 
        
    
     

 

 

