   
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
   

 

 

  
  
 
 
   
  
   
  
  
  
   
 
  
  
  
   
   
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
    
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
   
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 

An Animated Fantasy ' ;
Directed by' Ralph Bakshi
Cine [-6.

By ED ROTONDARO

To say that Fantasy is a popular literary genre would
be to understate the obvious. Yet for all its popularity,
there are few attempts to bring fantasy to the motion
piture screen“. With the exception of Disney's Fantasia
and The.Wizard of Oz. one would be hard put to‘name
any reallyoutstanding films with fantasy as the subject.
The reason for this is two-fold: first is thecost of
producing a fantasy movie. Ideally animation is the
best way to represent monsters. dwarves. and huge
battle scenes. Yet ths cost of good animation is far too
high for'most ﬁlm-makers toconsider running the risk.
Secondly. the lack of really viable plots to sell to the
limited audience. This point is probably the most
crucial one for movie-makers. The movie Would have
to be able to reach more than just fans of fantasy.
The popularity of Tolkien‘s works and the explosion
of fantasy literature that has occured in recent years
makes fantasy movies potential money makers. The
first to cash in on them is Ralph Bakshi. whose new
animated film.Wizards is currently playing at the Cine
H: in the Northway Mall Shopping Center.

Atoms in Albany

By RICK PALLEY

Anyone who drives a car in Albany knows that there
is nothing on Central Avenue remarkable enough to
-cateh your attention. It is a never—ending chain of fast
food stores, gas stations and bar-and—grills punctuated
by an occasional shopping mall.

But there is one building that people wonder about
when they drive past. It sits off the road behind a
barbed-wire topped chain-link fence. and looks like
just another factory. That is until‘yo‘u see the sign
hallway down the grassy front lawn. In understated.
strictly business lettering. it says: “NL Industries
\‘uclcar l)i\ ision has worked l32 days without a lost
time accident."

It takes only a second to comprehend that there is
something importnrii and perhaps dangerous going on
inside this drab. lWQsltll’y factory. There it is. nestled
co/ily betwccnithe decaying brick facade and neon sign
of Ford's 'l'avern and t be quiet humming framewark of
a Niagara Mohawk sub-station.

Who could pick a better. more inconspicuous pliltc
to manufacture nttclcar warheads? Hcll, they could
advertise in the back of I)etcctive Story magazine:
“()un yottr own hotnb Impress your friends.“ And
while people drive through Town and Country Car-
Wash and munch on l)ouble-Ilccl'Whoppers at Burger
King. crn/cd local physicists would be tinkering “)0
yards up the road on 500 mcgaton ll-bombs.

Think of the sign. too: “Nuclear Divison has
worked I32 days without an accident.“ What kind of
accident? Did someone drop a warhead on his foot'.’
“()ops. sorry. Here. let me givc you a hand with that
thing." 0r 'u's it some radioactive gases that escaped
from a reactor?

The only problem with this whole mad-scientist
thing is transportation. How do they bring in the
materials and bring out the bombs'.’ You could sit on

 

 

maké‘any demands on its‘audlenee, an Tia-visually

 

if . 3 exciting. Bakshi has been criticized for his uneven plot,
and rather simple delineationsbetween good and evrl,

but the overall movie makes up for it. If a film-maker is
prepared-to spend. between 3 and 5 million dollars on a
feature length cartoon. which is what Bakshi hasspent,
he can produce a quality movie. ‘ '

Wizards takes place in a post-nuclear holocaust
Earth. The time is IO million years in the future, and
the world is peopled .by fairies. dwarves. mutated
humans. and a few scattered wizards.

The Earth is’slowly healing itself from the ravages of
the atomic devastation. and in the areas untouched by .
the radiation life has begun anew. Into this setting.

. twin brothers are born to the queen of the fairies. One

of the twins. Avatar, is the embodiment of kindness
and'virtue. His brother, Blackwolf who is partially
mutated. is the very soul of evil. ' ‘
Blackwolf is expelled from the fairy lands and goes
to the nuclear wastes where he becomes the leader of
the evil mutants. For thousands of years he studies the
black arts of technology and raises huge armies to
conquer his brother‘s lands. After several failures due
to the lack ofmotivation on the part ofhis followers, he
discovers a dream machine that is in reality a movie
camera with a supply of Nazi war films. His armies
are inspired by the Nazi bloodlustand go forth again to
conquer. The dream machine also has the capability of

u Maﬁa...

Signs, signs. everywhere a sign. . . . but what makes this sign special Is that passersby
cannot help but ponderlta claim. ls NL Indriatrles lust another factory on Central Avenue?

the loading dock there for years and not see one
container of highly radioactive material enter.

All they rcnllyevcr dclivcrthcrc is depleted Uranium
salts and that stuff is hardly radioactive at all. In the
list of materials you can use for warheads. depleted
uranium would be about . . . well it wouldn't make
the list at all. It‘s prctty faccid stuff when it comes to
armament material. All it‘s good for is reactor
shielding and airplanc counter-weights; docile things
like that.

And those accidents. well. they could happen at any
lactory or even at a l’riccchoppcr. l’coplc drop things
and tuakc mistakes. bill that ltappcnsinany industry.

I:\cn more harmless than the uranitun salts they
lorgc there is tbc financial base of the company. It is

liaishi.’ the man who brought it F'rit‘z-tiie Calais ii  "-demoralrztn its oppo
j'master, of innovative .animation.-.'Wizar.ds

1 ' ' h" 't- hicall .The'moviedoesn't ' .. A
,demonstratest is qutegrap y Md ‘ I hdwmmm’lmfmmdmu

 

 

. nents auditheiforces of good
suffer defeat after defeat as alresult. . . _

’ .‘Avatar‘ aided by’thepe Queen “Fairies and a
. I . t ‘ m drum machine
' {adj defeat hi'brotlier. The Math simple, but the

animation more than makes up 3' for it. The scene

switches from the idyllic forests to the horrors of the
devastated cities that are-home to the mutants. The
scenes of Blackwoli‘s castle evoke the stronghold of
Sauron in the Lord of the Rings. Bakshi’s use of the
Nazi motifasthe epitome ofallevil succeeds quite well.

The use of an old Russian film Alexander Nets/ti
allows Bakshi to create scenes of thousands of knights
with red eyes and demon‘s wings charging down on the
dwarves. The color is reminiscent of Disney at its best.
and the battle scenes are believany bloody. The huge
mechanized demon army of Blackwolf contrasts
strikingly with the Hobbit-like army of Avatar.

The real importance of this film lies in its preparing
the public for Bakshi‘s next animated work. none other
than The Lord oft/re Rings. Bakshi warns the public
from comparing Wizards. which he conceded was a
test run for other works. with LordofI/re Rings. which
he says will be much more seriousand more elaborate.

Wizards is a must for all fantasy lovers, and tor
anyone seeking a film that is entertaining and visually
exciting without being too involved. If Wizards and
Bakshi's version of the Lord of the Rings are
successful. we may be entering a new era of animation
and fantastic films. Conan and Fritz Leiber here we
come!

UPS AlAN Ittu u

not rttn by deranged. widc eyed scientists and a
maverick tycoon bent on world destruction. It is
subsidiary of NI. Industries. which is part ol the
Sherwin—Williams Corporation. Just big business
doing business in a very business-like way. On thc “all
behind the reccptionist‘s desk in the office is the kc).
the Slicrwm Williams Dutchboy. life size. surrounded
by six electrons carccuing wildly around the center ol
an imaginary atom. the atom tamed by the Sliillllll.’
Dutchboy.

it makes more sense this way than the way a lot ol
people see it. They might think it‘s a IIlySlL'l‘lttlh
building lillcd with radioactive isotopcsand ll-lltlllilts,
but we know better. It is just another factory on
Central Avenue in Albany.

 

 

 

ROCHESTER. N.Y. (AI’) Defense Secretary I'Iarold
Brown told a student audience Wednesday that he does
not anticipatc reinstatement of a military draft until
the l980's at the earliest.

Rochester. Brown said the all-volunteer army "has
worked quite well." but two factors in the next decade
may change that.

He anticipated the economy would get better. And

the lower birth rates of the l960's. I
"The military is going to have to compete‘wuh
private employch under more dillicult

 

Speaking to about 500 students at the University of

the number of lB-to-ZO year olds will decline because of

Defense Sec. Predicts Draft

circumstances.‘ he said. llrown, 49. said the all—
volunteer army. contrary to popular ()pi'titir'. .1 I not
cause the large increase in military manpower costs
that has occurred since I967.

"There was a substantial increase in military pay in
I967 and I908. while the draft was still on.“ he said.

"Subsequently in the early ‘70‘s. the draft was ended
and another small increase was made.

“I don't think military people are overpaid. I don't
think the cost per person can be brought down."
llrown said. He said pcrsoncl costs have iucrenscd'iu
the last decade frotn about 40 percent of the military
budget to bctwecn 55 and ()0 percent.

llrown suggested thal“m uch more careful personnel
management"could cut costs. Soldiers could be nimcd
lrom post to post less often. duplicate education could
be reduced and the military could learn to get by with
fewer people. he said.

The stallcd nuclcar disarmament negotiations with
the Soviet Union was another topic a panel of seven
students and professors questioned the secretary
about.

llrown cxpresscd the Carter Administration‘s views
that "in the long run. they (the Soviets) will conic to
realize that a comprchcusive approach will have to he
adopted."

“The comprehensive approach" is the phrase the
administration uses to describe one ol twu
disarmament proposals the Soviets rejected. It culled
tor a reduction of unclear delivery systems by about I 5
percent.

 

 

 

is§%ﬁ%

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS
$381M!“ 'I‘VIEICIUTB ‘I‘Vl‘ltiltIA

 

J

APRIL 22 1977
'i‘thlI .:::. -t’in- t.

14.12:...

.. . .«W: 2% 5mm:

 

 

t t. , ._ . .,.

 People’s-Aid 

13y ANNE RABE

“Each building we've moved into has been nicer than
the one before. I suspect we‘ll be here for a while.?'
commented a community worker at Refer. Jeff Katz.
switchboard organization. Refer offers information,
crisis intervention and referral services to the Albany
community. Having moved a couple of blocks down
from Hamilton Street. their former location. they are
now at 214 Lark Street. near the corner of State Street.

Refer. along with the Community Counseling
Center, Youth Service Program and Community Arts,
all part of the Project Equinox organization. has
received notic 'ablc attention. Already the number of
people using the walk-in counseling has doubled; and a
local doctor has already walked into offer his services.

“If you don‘t know where to call. call Refer“. This is
one of their slogans, because “if we don't know the
answer. we‘ll know someone who does.”says Katz. “In
a sense. we act as a coordinator between different
agencies.“ be continued. “We‘re in the process of
visiting all the agencies we refer to and kcepingthc files
updated.

Helping people with their problems. the other aspect
of Rclcr. is done in a “humanistic. non-judgemental
and sensitive way." according to one seasoned
volunteer. “It‘s ltard to teach that though."he added.

Attending training sessions and being guided by “a
resource person." is how Refer prepares people to
answer the phones. The ten training sessions teach role
playing in \‘altics—clarification. sensitivity. drugs.
stiicidc and sexuality. to name a few.

“Are you Inorc like a roller skate or a pogo stick?"
asked the teacher. llctsy Kaplenk. in a forced-choice
cscrcisc ol the valtics-clarilication session. “It'sto help
people know what their own values are in case they get
in thc way when counseling.“ she explained.

“'Ibcrc‘s a certain criteria for people to work at
Rclcr. they have to care about people. have a certain
amount ol scnsitinty and be able to be open-minded
about things." elaborated Katz. People have been
rejected by Refer because. for example. they were “too
judgemental“ or "unstable".

By STEPHEN DZINANKA

In the night shone the brillinuncc of burning birch
bark. I.ikc raving madnten they trudged through the
soil snow clenching fiery balls ol‘the white tree skin in
their hands held high above their heads.

Before them a face-hiin bonfire roared against the
milky black of the moonlit forest. l’roddcd by a sense
of anonymity granted in isolation, and a touch ofacutc
pyromania. their trudging slowly progressed into
frantic. barbarous dancing. Their outstretched arms
whirred like windmills. coaxing the bark to burn more
furiously. Bits of the flaming bark broke off in thc
onrush of air and settled to the snow in a scattering of
little fircs.

lnccssant shouting went unanswered in the shattered
tranquility of the Adirondacks. Not human nor bear
dared near the site of these bizarre tribal—like rites.

Now they placed pieces of burning bark atop the
walls ol the fire temple they had earlier constructed of
snow.

The fire temple. It began as a snowman. Also
considered was a snow-woman. adorned with frosty
bosoms and a crabgrass crotch. But its creators had
deemed such projects far too conventional. thus they
had molded tltc snow into a three feet tall semicircular
fortress symbolizing their reverence to rapid
oxidation.

()n the front wall of the temple at hot garbage can lid
had been pressed against the cool snow lcaving a
rounded. ridged swell. This they proclaimed the
“(irand Seal" of their peculiar littlc society. The
garbage can lid had been heated. of course, over the
bonfire.

They had traveled north from Albany that dayto the
solace of Dippikill Mountain. Four students. three
males and one female. had discm barked together for a
weekend to quietude.

The woods had crazed only two. Spencer and Steve.
And their dementia grew as Betty and Eric lay huddled

 

ncarby in a cabin doing their best to ignore the goings
ion outside. liut this was to be no simple task.

APRIL 22, 1977

Once a person is approved to work on the phones. he
gathers cnongh conl'idcnc- and experience to “do the
building alone.“ although they try to have “double
coverage" or two people working most of the time.

’art ol'thc training at Refer involves knowing when
a caller can better be helped by someone else.
“Hopefully one of the things we‘re good at is realizing
our limitations." explained Katz. “We're really sort of
para~prolcssi0nals." “If we don‘t feel qualiﬁed or if
something is too big for us . . . we refer.“ cited one
volunteer.

Walking by the two large storefront windows. the
entrance leads into an arched brick corridor and
straight towards Refcr‘sthrce-phone switchboard. The
interior design was done by Director of Community
Arts Workshop Newcll Eaton. keeping in mind a
practical use of space. such as built-in desks and
shelves. Newly painted. the two story building has
olliccs. counseling rooms. a staff meeting room and
storage spacc for their “mini—library of resources."

“Everybody coming into work has been really
pleased. They‘ve been feeling it out and it feels
comiortablc." said a girl working on the phones.

A volunteer-based organization, Refer started in

Reverting to Primal Forms

The two crazies were determined to command
attention. and it was this yearning that led to their
desire to burn down the cabin. a sure means of
arousing the occupants' interest.

They rushed toward the cabin with fistfulls of the
burning birch. Tromping on to the porch they raised
the crackling bark threatenineg up to the cabin
windows.

Their evil caekling would have unnerved even the
lowlicst coyote; compelled the devil himself to lose
control of his Satanic sphincter. But Eric. considered
by his peers far more evil than any oftltesc, did not soil
his underwear. Rather. he lay peacofully in the cabin
undaunted in the face ofimpcnding cremation. Betty
too seemed quite at ease.

Soon the bark Iizzled out, forcing the two crazies to
retreat from their flame-waving attack. Quickly they
replenished their fuel supply and launched yet another
fiery assault on the cabin.

But the cabin did not burn. The bark torches could
no more kindle the wet wood of the cabin than wet
matches could a cottonball. They knew this. and it did
not bother them, for they were happy in their mischief
all the same.

The scorched but solid cabin was constructed largely
of logs, stacked one upon another. It stood eight.
maybe nine, feet high. Thc gaps where the uneven
surfaces of the logs met were plugged with rope.

Spence and Steve. having discarded their primitive
instruments ofarson. entered the cabin pushing open a
flimsy wooden door. Inside. a smooth plank floor, and
old white wood-burning stove and custom cabinets
detracted front the otherwise natural look ofthe place.

There were bunk beds in the two corners ofthe room
furthest from the door. Betty and Eric lay together on
the lower tier of one of these. “What the fuck are you
doing out there?" Eric risked calmly.

"Burning bark.“ said Steve. “and keepin‘ the fire
going."

“Yeah,” added Spence. "That stuff burns nice."

"You boys are Completely crazy."

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

"actor". a volunteer-baud erlcle Interventlon org-Mutton, awarded In tiiti'tor
outstanding community service. differs from Middle Earth In that the majority of Ito
clientele are of a low coclo-econcmlc statue.

 

UPSIMAN I300

I970. “in response to a lot of socral things happening.
like runaways and bad trips with drugs.“ according td
Katz. Around four years later Project Equinox. now
the had organization. started with an ongoing]
counseling center. The Community Arts Workshop.
set up to provide arts and crafts classes at little or no
cost. and the Youth Service Program that maintains
shelters for runaways and teenagers in trouble are also
part of Equinox.

Awarded for being an outstanding volunteer agency
in l975 by the Albany-based Voluntary Action Center.
Refer now has about 60 volunteers and four paid
employees.

Different from the SUNYA oriented Middle Earth
switchboard. Refer is community oriented and deals
with a lot of “street people. often poor or on welfare.”
Funds come from federal and state programs. private
organi/ations. such as churches. and donations. 'I'hcir
pttblici/cd annual thanksgiving dinner. which fcd
approximately L400 people last year. was funded by
community donations. “People were really beautiful
about contributing.“ Kat/ reflected. I'ltcy nlsosponsor
summer concerts in Washington Park that are also
lauded by the commtnnty.

 

U PS MAN IE‘CN

Knowing which way to 90 ll always critical.

“We know that." said Steve. "We need the lantern to
get more wood.“

Eric started to protest but Steve grabbed the
Coleman lantern and headed out the door for the
woodshed with Spence. Their boots were soaked
through now. and it was cold enough to make the short
trek to the woodshed an uncomfortable one. But they
showed little concern for comfort. They liked to think
of themselves as woodsmen.

Holding the lantern up over his head. Steve
examined the stacks of logs which had been sectioned
cleanly with a chain saw into chunks about two feet in
length. The logs varied in width from about one to two
and a half feet.

Spence climbed up on the pile to inspect the pieces
more closely. They carefully chose only birch, and only
pieces of moderate size to make transporting them
easier.

Like surgeons peeling back a patient‘s skin. they
stripped the precious white bark off of the larger logs
that would have to be left behind.Then.embracingthc
logs that had been selected for burning. they plodded
through the thigh-deep snow towards the bonfire.

About half-way up the trail leading back to camp.
the lantern failed. This created no great immediate
problems. since the trail between the woodshed and the
campsite was short and afforded constant visual
contact with the bonfire. but the lantern would be
needed later inside the cabin.

 

continued on page 5a J

PAGE '3A

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

.. “yawn... .

55.... ...,.~'.........; ~. _ V...



