 

I’LL. «a.-. ,. . .

a-v-,..

, lilgLiek Mountainfrom atop.
When" completed. a telrivision‘

- camera ‘and electronic listening

‘ devices were to be Ioweredinto the
hole to look and listen for life.

"I don‘t believe there‘s any way
anyone could be alive down there."
said a mine ofl'tcial whodidn't want
his name med.

But federal mining ofﬁcial John ii.
Shutack said. “There's always a
chance. Ever hear of a miracle? A se-
cond miracle?“

Shatuck. regional administrator
of the US. Mining Enforcement and
Safety Administration. said the
search would continue until officials

here certain each miner was dead or
alive.

“Until we have a hand onth body
we‘ll consider that the man is alive
and we‘ll keep trying to pt him out.”
he said.

     

Middle Atlantic States

 

rustic atmosphere of

CAMP COUNSELOR OPENINGS
UNDERGRADUATE STUDENTS ‘

(an... I. Ace-plef-ort ol alleasi l year of college)

GRADUATE STUDENTS
and FACULTY MEMBERS
THE ASSOCIATION OF PRIVATE CAMPS

. . . comprising I00 eutstsnding lays. Girls. IsothereIieter
and Ctr-lei Camps. located-throughout the New England and

. . . INVITES YOUR INQUIRIES ' l
concerning summer employment as |
Head Counselors. Group Leaders. Specialties. General Counselors.

Write. Phone. or Cell Ip‘Person
Association of Private Carnps - Dept. C
York NY lull

.SUNY STUDENTS relax in the casual,

The  two mitten were
{found  Adley. who Ind-«OCH
ilﬁsh swallowed by a Wave of water.

 oftwo other miners had been

brought out earlier. Three mitten es;
'cape'd at the time of the ﬂooding With
serious injuries. I M p g '

Adiey was saved by being washed
up a 45 degree angle chute at thecnd
of the mine. There. the muddy surf ~
which reached at. high as “2 feet
elsewhere - was repelled by a pocket
of air and went up only to“ feet
above the tunnel floor.

Rescuers heard Adley tapping
througha 50 foot Wall of coal. They
began digging Wednesday night and
reached him Sunday morning. The
bodies of his two co-workers were
removed later in the day.

“We were trying to cheer him up.
but he was cheering us up." recalled“
Shutack. “He was a real tiger down
there."

In Washington. a MESA
spokesman said records showed the
mine. which opened in I968. had
been cited for 30 minor violations of
safety rules since I970. none of them
related to ﬂooding hazards. The
spokesman said the mine had no

    
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
   
   
   

IIIII OX M6“

 

 

Lerner's

 

[ Stuyvesant Lounge, J

 

“SUNY NIGHTS“

cents with [.0

Minimum age 2i

I'M‘s [TV

 

located in Stuyvesant Plaza.

Thursday.Your favorite cocktail only 95

   

e »le as . ill“ .

every Tuesday and

Proper attire please

L----------

 

 

ALBANY. NJ. (AP) Republican
women‘s clubbers-changed at least
one thing when they, took over the
state's legislative chambers'for a
morning. They smoked in the
Assembly. where lighting up was

banned this year for the real law-

makers.

In mock Assembly and Senate
sessions Monday. the Republican
women defeated bills that called for
more spending. either by the state or
private business.

“You know Republican women."
joked Lousettc Turner of Unionville.
a high school chemistry teacher.
after she and her colleagues rejected
proposals to assure pregnancy dis-
ability beneﬁts for all working
women in the state.

Both houses. packed with bright
colors that contrasted with the
heavily male gray which normally
dominates. approved proposals to

outlaw the use of children in por-,

nographic performances and to
allow battered spouses to press
charg.s in criminal court instead of
family court.

The Federation of Women's
Republican Clubs is holding its an-
nual winter conference this week in
Albany. Mrs. Pat Hutltr.president of
the National Federation of
Republican Women. and state GOP
Chairman Richard Rosenbaum
were schcdulcd to address the con-
l'crcncc.

Thch was spirited debate and the
rtromu of cigarette smoke in the
Assembly when the pregnancy dis-
ability hill came up for action.

"I'd likc to find out. did it happen
on the job?" asked one legislator-for-
n-dtty. sctting off grtlcs of htughtcr.

"It's notjusl lhul I'm past the sliigt‘
of childbearing. I oppose this
because it‘s my tax dollars." sttid
another opponent.

“This is just another Itbcrul hill
thm utll bankrupt tltc stoic." Mild it
third mock nssctnblytvomun.

Acting Speltkcr Mary (ioodhttc of
\Vcsfchcsfcr. :1 real ltsscmhlywontntt.
rccommitted thc bill undcr the
pressurc of obtious disapproval.

At the end. Mrs. Lioodhuc urts
hailed by the GOP women as "our
one shining star." and rewarded with
a standing (Walton. She is the only
female Republican in the legislature.
There are eight Democratic uomcn
in the legislature.

Mohawk Tower

continued from page one
slon funds had been included in
SLNYA‘s budget for NIT-78.
Shirley sold during the promo.
below: any decisions were made.
tl‘cre uereconsnlnturlm between the
cotmnxttce and the deans of the four
schools involved - tiSl‘A. Educa-
tion. Social Welfare. and Crintlml
Justice.
#

NOTICE
\csserday was the first day of
academic sdtttenvent.

Ites Romanian capital
ads AP) 'Proiti’i tit Romanian actors and
“"‘ly‘ among thousands believed kitted in the
earthen-K9 heL when“  "first Two“ eastern Europe.
diplomatic and on so are said Monday. A US. Air Force C130
cargo plane landed I “hwatitibiotics and other medical supplies for the
stricken city. meanwhile. and other Western governments geared up for a
massive airlift of medical and food suppl'ce. Diplomats said Romania might
soon need economic aid' as well to offset heavy losses in industrial
production. Officials in Bulgiris reported 50 known deaths in the
earthquake. which was felt from Rome to Moscow and registered 7.2 on the

Richter scale

Carter to Discuss Middle East with Rabin

WASHINGTON (AP) Having touched the pulse of America and found
people worried about taxes and health care, President Carter met Monday
with Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin while Congress beyn work on
some of his key domestic proposals. Carter told Rabin. who arrived in

  
 

Washington on Sunday. that the United States wants to explore "some .

common ground for peace so that Israel might have defensible borders so
that these commitments might never be violated." The purpose. Carter said.
would be to assure ‘ a sense of security about this young country in the
future." Rabin. welcomed at the White House byasmali. 36-member section
of the Marine Band and a color guard of four soldiers. replied: “Israel shall
continue to work tirelesst for the peace and welfare of our region.“ The
Prime Minister called peace “our highest aspiration” and “the essence of the
heritage we share and the goal of policy we pursue."

Public Hearings on King's Assassination
WASHINGTON (AP) Chairman Walter Fauntroy of a House
Assassinations subcommittee said Monday he expects to propose public
hearing this month with witnesses including James Earl Ray on the murder
of Martin Luther King Jr. The Washington. Dc. delegate disclosed his plan
in an interview as the full Assassination: Committee met to pick up the pleas.»
of its investigation intothc killings ofKing and President John F. Kennedy
The probe has been lcft in shambles by a feud between Chairman Henry II.
Gonzalez. D-Tcx.. and chief counsel Richard A. Spraguc. Fauntroy is
chairman of the subcommittee investigating the King assassination and sand
he plans to propose the curly hearings. obviously in an effort to sil‘u: the
committee. after a subcommittee brieﬁng Tuesday.

Chairman Of Assassination Committe Resigns
WASHINGTON (AP) House Speaker Thomas O'Neill Jr. said Monduy he
is ready to accept the resignation of Rep. Henry B. Gonrzllcz us chairmnn oi
the House committee investigating the assassinations of John F Kennedy
and Martin Luther King Jr. O'Neill told reporters that once "tccllnnnl
problems” are rcsohcd hr: is prepared to accept (ionmlcl' resignation him it
has been pending for a week. The rules require that full House \Olc on lllt‘
resignation. and O‘Neill said he is now ready to submit it for \ucll .i wt.-
Previously he had said he wanted to talk to Gonzach before doing that I he
attempt to investigate the two assassinations has been in shambles as a result
of ii feud between Gonzalez and chief counsel Richard A. Spruguc

Carey’s Action Order Criticized Sharply
BUFFALO (AP) Some speakers said it was too heal; and othcrs Il‘m'
was too strong. but no one testifying at a hcaring Monday sold I." _ .
llugh Carcy's afﬁrmative action order to insure greater mztitvllh
employment in state-financed projects was just right. Carcy'.» plan n "‘0
years out of date." said Raphael DuBard. president of file «.th unit .it Iht'
National Association forthc Advancement of Colored People (are) mucd
Executive Order MS in January. stating that anybody doing builllt“! \\ xth lht'
state must file a plan to boost minority employment Speaking .il a hmrtnt’
seeking advice on regulations to institute the order. Duller \nd. “lln-
goicrnor should throw it in the \vastclmkct and try .tgaln “

 
 

Rural Areas Still Have Say In Government
WASHINGTON (AP) The Supreme Court today upheld .t \r‘\\ \otk unn-
Inn rcquirtng separate majority :ippfu\;il from \otcrs in .i courtly '~ gnu-x .mti
its towns and rural areas before the county gmcrnmcnt can be chnngr-d l hr
dcctston has ‘.i \ictory for town residents of Nlrigl’a County, .\ \ . u ho had
fourth! adoltlion ofu ncu Charter strengthening the county gmcrntllcnl h. .i
unanimous dcctsion. the justices reversed a three-judge district L‘outl ruling
lhdl thc state law \iolatcd the otte-ntarronc-yotc ft‘qillit‘mtnl of tha
Constitution. The debate was provoked by a 1972 rcfcrcndum on .i ptnpmm
creating new offim tlfcuutltycsecutite and county comptroller t‘iti \r'lt‘l‘
approved the plan. town and rural volt-rs It‘jt'ClCd it. but tnkcn tug.".llr‘t U'n
county-little title was rultrouly ltl fnyur ‘

Foremost-McKeseon Loses Liquor License

Nil“ YORK (.hl'l Forcrnoshhlckcsson. the nation's largest liquor and u M
ultulcsnler. hits been barred front doing business in .\'c\t \ork State- In! ‘-‘
days as ll result of charges that the column) supplied more lItJn SIMW"
north of free liquor to retailers from 1912 through NH. l'hc Smr l “0“”
Authority said Monday that l-‘orennot-Mch'csson pleaded no contest to W
clutges. As II result. its licenses in the Buffalo. Rochester and Syracuse arr."
will be suspended for ISdttys beginning March ll. NH. A fourth llL‘tliK‘ \i .h

 

Go see your
w m not suspended so us not to interfere with the company‘s sales out 0| sl-m‘
and get ready to Wegistcr! "WNW. Foremost agreed not to use that license to make any sales III M“
' York State during the suspension period. the .‘iLA MN“
PAGE TWO ALBANY STUDENT PRESS MARCH 8. 1977

 

 

,Itleek-Palle’y I .  ’

.i' -“In the wake of the D W 

and numerous landlord-tenant _‘

related problerns. SUNYA is'con-

sidering the, establishment‘ of, a;

paralegal‘s'ervioe that‘t‘vill help rice
with the'housing problems of off?

' campus students.

The service‘paccording to. 55A.
President Steve DiMco. would don-

sist of six SUNYA students trained ,
in a paralegal capacity who will give "
legal'advice on a day to day basis to ’

the. almost 4.000 SUNYA un-
dergrads living off campus.-- .
Although not able to appear in
court as legal council. they will be V
‘able to prepare the students to
successfully represent themselves in
court, and will also concentrate on

educating students to avoid housing
problems before they bring on legal

Item A. the six at _ I ,

by a Levi Aid Attorney a
the paralegals (stunted Tenants
Albany. According to DlMeo. it
“hasn't been decided. yet who will
4' review~fhe applicants for the posi-
tionrbut that the six students who
“1m eventually”'selected should
probably. receive a $250.00 stipend
per semester in addition to two urt-

iversity credits for their services.

. Financial Problems

The’studcnt paralegals will have
to deal ' with. a wide range of
problems. most of.them financial.
“Students are very naive in terms of
knowingtheirrightsastenants."said
UTA. Paralegal Tony Clieh. “They
get into leases they should have
never signed. ' apartments they

 

Signs In various languages will soon be posted around the university
requesting students not to smoke In class.

Whitloclc Urges Students
To Meet TAP Cutoff Date

by Jonathan Hodges

Students eligible for
TAP/Regents Scholarship Iinil‘dS
who luch yet to apply or whose
name does not ttppctlr on rosters in
the Student Accounts Office have
only until March 3| to submit
applications. according to SUNYA
Finltncial Aids Director Dortttld
Whitlock.

Duc to problems with the lid-
ministrttlion of the TAP progrum
this your. Higher Education Services
Corporation (IIESC) has rclcttscd ll
rnslcr contttinillg tltc nttmcs offhosc
students whose upplicutiolt HESC
has received through l‘ch. l I. Accor-
ding to IIIESC Division of Awurds
ilntl Loan Services Dircctor Lorenz
Worden. only students who full into
our: of six categories will he cott-
llidcrcd for ilWlifds in terms of the
Mttrch 3| cutoff date.

To be considered. it student must
either be listed on the new roster. be
listed on any of flit: six previous
rosters. be listed all u Student Psy-
nlcnt Chum. received ttn ttwurd ccr-
tifictuc. received any written com-
munication from IIIESC concerning
nwttrd ttppllcntionll. or have applied
after Feb. II but before midnight
March 3|.

Accordingto Whitlock. SUNYA‘s
Financial Aids Office is presently
generating a Hill of students who are

MARCH 8, 1977

eligible for TAP but who either him:
not yet applied or who HESC has no
record of receiving their application.
When this list is complete. postcards
will be soul It) students to send in
their applications before the cutoff
dtttc.

“The postcurds will be mailed to
fill TAI’ non-filers its determined by
information compiled by tile Com-
ptltcr Confer." xttitl Whitlock. “They
can bc tlisrcgttrdcd iflhc student has
citllcr filed after Fcb. II or if they
have tangible evidence that the cor-
ptlrtltion has received their applica-
tion.“

Wllillock defined “tangible
cvidcncc" us either iill award ccr-
til'ictltc. rt receipt from sending the
application by registered mttil or
dated communication from HESC.

Deadlines

Applications for the Federally-
issucd llusic Opportunity Grunt are
available in BA l_l0.v Students are
urged to fill: immediately before the
March l5 deadline. S'ummcr
applications for workstudy and the
National Direct Loan will be issued
rltllrting March 15 and must be sub-
mitted before April I5.

SUNYA's General Financial Aids
application must be returned before
April IS. while it“ students con-
sidering HESC loans tire asked to fill
out their applications at oncct.

,avoid “unnecessary” expenditures.

, _tke the tudertts: are
btisinese-‘wiseu « : -

- .“Peoplcin therghetto might 

hint more'tn terms of physical living
conditions. but in terms of economic

ripoffs. students are gettingtaken in- "

credibly'.” . - . ,
' Rent Boosts

According to Cheh, the common I

situations paralegal deals with is
one where a landlord moves out a
middle class family paying $250.00 a
month and moves in live or six
students. boosting the rent to
sometimga twice as much. This over-
crowding breaks city housing codes
which are frequently ignored by
landlords who. in their desire to

continued on page four

Smoking Ban Campaign to Begin.

by Rich Mermelsteln

First steps toward banning
cigarette smoking in SUNYA
classrooms will begin shortly.

The steps will be geared toward
raising the awareness of SUNYA
students and staff. according to En-
vironmental Decisions Commission
member Sorrcll Chcsin. “Signs in
virtually every language spoken by
the university community are being
drawn up requesting that students
don‘t smoke in class." Chesin said.

Chcsin. who is the Assistant Vice
President for University Affairs.
said, “The signs will be printed by the
publications unit. and distributed to
all classrooms by the plant depart-
ment, probably in the ‘next few
weeks." -

The sign campaign is a com-
promise of sorts between the BBC
and the administration. In
December. EDC cMhﬂlfmﬂn Louis
lsmay sent a memo to President
Fields requesting “that in RCCOI“.

According to es trunnion... on...  paralegal

consist of all SUNYA students trained to give edtiioe to It. creed.“

students presently living ott-catnpue.

dance with present public policy.
smoking be prohibited in lecture
halls and classrooms“ effective Jan.
I of this year. Major reasons cited
were hcttlth hazards to those near the
smoke caused by the poor ventila-
tion systems in most classrooms.

Dean for Student Affairs Neil
Brown submitted a similar memo to
Fields last year. citing that “the con-
cerns and sensibilities of the non-
smokcr have little real protection
through code enforcement on the
campus at the present time." He
suggested a “thorough educational
program" as opposed to an im-
mediate ban.

The task of preparing an
educational program was assigned
to Student Activities President Pat
Buchalter. By the end of this month.
Buchalter will submit a proposal and
a budget to Brown. outlining
possibilities for n campus-wide con-
sciousncss raising program aimed at
curtailing smoking among the

students. . ‘

"I hope we can set up it referral
center on campus." Buchalter said.
“for students who want to stop
smoking ordrinking.similartoMid-
dlc littrtlt. which is geared toward
drug problems."

The first goal of ttll those involved
in the smoking issue is the phasing
out of classroom smoking. The EDC
hopes that the new signs will be a suf-
ficient dctcrrcnt. for the implemen-
union of a no~smoking law would
be time consuming and complicated.
Chesin said. “Wt: would have to
make regulations for the enforce-
ment procedures. rules on the hear-
ing procedures. decide on
punishments. and devise a means of
appealing a decision.“

Moral Impact

Chcsin said the “moral impact" of
the program will bring about the
desired results. “If we can make our
case persuasively. we'll get the sup-
port of the population."

 

ﬁ

 

The university's Atmospheric Sciences
experimental solar heating system IIGUNVA'
one year. From April through October M1016.

L however. efficiencyiell to so per cent.

  

Alumni House Still Basking in the Sun

Research Center has been closely monitoring the
eAlurnnl House. The system has been In operation for
the solar apparatus was operating at 100 per cent
efficiency. supplying loo per cent of the building's heat. During the cold spell In January 1071.
supplying only 35 per cent of the necessary heel.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

|ocobs

 

4

errors Tim at

  
 
   
   
   
       

 

