 
  

;.-.,ccas,v_..

 

guest opinions

by Allan Itaueh

In the last two months. there has been a
chain of events in South Africa which have
prompted world-wide outrage and protest.
The first of these events occurred two months
ago when a young black nationalist. Stephen
Biko, died mysteriously in prison.

Some felt that Biko was beaten to death. but
an inquiry into the death of Bike is pending. In
reaction to the Bike case. loud criticism of the
South African Government came from
various leaders and newspapers inside of
South Africa.

On Oct. 19. the government responded by
arresting over 70 people. Last week. police
conducted a house to house search of black
homes'in Pretoria. and arrested 626 blacks on
a variety of charges. This latest series of
crackdowns on the black majority in South
Africa prompted a Security Council debate in
the UN. Following some debate. the Security
Council voted to impose an arms embargo on
South Africa. To understand the situation in
South Africa. one must look beyond the
present day troubles. and seek out South
Africa‘s history.

The white population ofSouth Africa. some
4.3 million. are decendants of Dutch settelers
who landed in Capetown in I652. The colony
was then under the auspices of the Dutch East
India Company. The early Dutch settelers
were joined by German immigrantsm and
French Huguenots who were seeking religious
freedom.

The British seized the colony. from the
Dutch in I795. They treated the Dutch
settlers'there as interiors. The "Afrikaners"
were excluded from jury duty because oftheir
language. and were forced to try to assimilate
into the English culture. After about 35 years
of English rule, thousands of Afrikaners
migrated to the northern part of South Africa
Following the Anglo-Boer War of l899-l902..
the Afrikaners were considered second class
citizens, inferior to the white-English speaking
population. In the national elections of I948.
the Afrikaners political party. the National
Party. scored an upset victory over the United
Party. Although the policy of racial
segregation dates back to the British. who
excluded blacks from the Parliament in I909.

South African
Apartheid

  

the new Afrikaner government moved to
spread and strengthen the policy of apartheid

Apartheid means “separateness”. In theory,
it means that the nation‘s 4.3 million whites
and IB.6 million blacks will each proceed
along seperate lines of development. In order
to assure this seperateness, the government
under the National Party has supported and
enforced the system of apartheid. Apartheid
means seperate buses for blacks and whites.
seperate beaches. lunch counters. hotels.
restaurants, etc. Blacks are paid less for equal
work. In the past. blacks were forced to carry
identity books. The government recently
resinded this law. however. Blacks still must
carry travel documents to move about as they
please.

The cornerstone of the South African
Government‘s system of apartheid is the plan
to establish nine independant black
homelands in South Africa. These remind me
of Indian reservations in the US. According
to the South African plan. the nation‘s blacks.
some 70% ofthe population, would eventually
be forced to live on l3% of the land. The first
of these “homelands” to be granted
independance by South Africa. 'l‘rtinskci.
celebrated its ﬁrst anniversary last month.

What will happen in South Africa? One
thing which we can state for sure is that the
situation is going to deteriorate. Even though
the government has arrested most ofthe black
nationalist leaders. the mass of the black
population. as well as popular world opinion.

has now moved to launch a full scale attack on
this system of racial discrimination known as .

apartheid.

Although the present arms embargo is
really useless because of the South African
near-self—sufﬁciancy in arms production. it is a
step in the right direction. I believe an
economic embargo should follow as well. The
South Africans must give up on their idea that
blacks are inferior to the white South
Africans. They must agree to grant political
power to the blacks, and thus begin to
legitimate. majority rule ofthe government. If
these measures are not started in the near
future. it is notdifficult to imaginea racial war
occuring in South Africa. the likes of which
has never been seen.

r-—---w

 

 

 

 

HELLO, r00 !
w

viewpoint

 

 

 

Ie

 

F

rips
report

To the Editor:

In regards to your article on Women‘s
Sports and Title IX. (Nov. I8) I have been
asked to make the following remarks in behalf
of WIRA. Many of the members ofthe group
expressed dismay at the contents ofthe Ill‘liCic.

First of all. women have been writing
articles for the ASP on women's sports.
Unfortunater many ofthcsc articles are either
cut to pieces or are left out all together. This
has happened not only to people writingabout
intramurals. but also intercollegiate sports. In
general the coverage for intrttmuruls has been
poor this year. Many articles have been
deleted so as to make room for 3 day old NFL
or NBA standings.

Next. I feel the purpose of WIRA was not
made clear enough in the article. Many
remarks I made on the subject were taken out
of context. WIRA has only been in existence
for three years. We began our program to
serve its analternatc to varist sports. Many of
us do not wish to compete at so highly
competiitivc a level. AMIA provided il co-cd
program in sports like softball and volleyball.
Many of us felt either intimidated by the men.
or that we would not be good enough to
compete with them. Men are welcome to play
in the league that uses women‘s rules and vice-
t'crszt. Some sports. classified as contact sports
like basketball. flag football and floorhockey
we also offer. Contact sports like these can not
be played against members of the opposite
sex. WIRA'v'icwsils purpose att’onc to provide
recreational activities for women. and where
permitted by law. for men. "m T"

In conjunction with these views. WIRA
feels that the program. which it has built
together with AMIA. best suits the needs of
the university community. We would like to
know what the eight non-contact sports are
that the affirmative action group wants rtin
only as coed activities. We don‘t feel that
offering them as coed will solve the problem.
Many women don‘t want to compete with men
and many men don't want to compete with
women. These people may be turned off by
being forced to play coed. (‘all it old fashioned
prejudice or common sense. but you can‘t
force people to do what they don't want to do.
WIRA wants to provide activities for all

 

IFEIFFER

\

women. not just those who wish to play coed.

By using t975-6 figures in its report. the
Affirmative Action group has drawn ti
distorted picture. First of all, that was our ﬁrst
full year of.operation. We had barely gotten
off the ground; This year we offer many more
activities. With AMIA we sponsora truly coed
league in several sports — volleyball, softball.
mixed doubles tennis and racquetball.
Superstarts and 2 on 2 basketball
tournaments. Added to our leagues in ting
football. soccer. floor hockey. basketball and
others this greatly improves our participation.
We also keep track of it better.

At ti school as academically oriented and
with no phys. ed. major. it is difficult to get
people to participate. Good publicity is
needed. There also hits to he the interest to
start with. Women are not encouraged to be
:tthlctes. Therefore. perhaps it is nillllrtll ill
have fewer women than men participating

When I was called to be interviewed for thn
article. I had no idea what was going on. I liiid
not yet read the latest Title IX rcptirt. tl\ ll
seems to be unavailable as of yet. I told tltt'
reporter this. When I read the article I um
shocked at many of the misconceptions in
print. Not just myself. httt intiny ofthe people
interviewed for the article feel that their \IC\\\
were misrepresented. If you‘re going to \tlllL’
an article get your facts straight and illitl“
your interviewees time to research lllL'Il
answers. Bud reporting docs iionc oi its .tll\
good.

Alice I: RCtlgrlll
and the members of WIRA L'ttllllL’ll

saving

in heat

To the Editor:

SUNYA is taking great steps lll\\.l|ti\
lulfilliiig our country's energy L‘tlllM'Htllttilt
policy.

l-or over a month l.(' l8 has been \\Illltl|ll
heat in the afternoons. No explanation ll.l\
been altered to either the Irost-hitten Hllltlt‘llh
or the faculty. who many times eiitl (ltlsst'x
early. because it is too cold to lecture. iii in.»
cold lor the students to write

I hope the administratth .igt-iitt
responsible will correct this situation llL‘itllt'
we literally lrce/c lor ti icst.

Arts 5. l’utlirltw

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  
   

 

 

 

15ng

see centerfold

 

 

 

        
     
        
       
      
     
    
      
     
 

 

 
 

 

 
    
         
     
        
      

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

   

 

