  
  
   

A . - 7),. . t.-. L _.

a .1»: 1:. n

 

   

balling
, 
WED. FEB. 2 at 3:30 pm-
in the Off Campus Lounge

WED. FEB. 2 at 7:30 pm .
in the Off Campus Lounge

funded by student osiociotion

  

       

i littoral ,.

AlleollS

for Tharsday afternoon
.& Friday nite specials ‘

 
   

 

' TIMOTHY
LEARY

Topic: .

CC Ballroom

American Culture 1945-185 ’

FREE w/tax $.50 w/o

  

  
  

funded by student association

 

 

 
 

 

 

funded by student association

 

 

The University Concert
Board presents
LARRY CORYELI. 8t
5Pe‘k'I 9m”f Blbﬂgﬁi.

01‘ PAGE HALL

FRIDAY, Haiti'—
at 8=00PM

11cm 
2.50 other:

 go on

I ' “

 

.I

INSTRUCTOR: MR. NORIYASU KUDO,
6TH DEGREE BLACK BELT

ANNOUNCING THE START OF THE SPRING

SEMESTER BEGINNERS CLASS. THURSDAY FEB. 3

AT 7:00 PM AT THE WRESTLING ROOM, 3RD
’ FLOOR OF GYM.

SUNYA JUDO:

EXPERT INSTRUCTION
FORMIDABLE STYLE OF
SELF DEFENSE
REGULAR EXERCISE PROGRAM
ADVANCED AND BEGINNERS
CLASSES

can RAY on BARRY ,
ron INFO: 7-52l9

funded by student association

 

 

 

 

 

 

loom-m. * SUNYA Presents

The JulIlIard String Quartet at Page Hall
The program:

Haydn: Quartet In E flat major. Op. 20.No.
1

Bartok: Quartet No. 1 In A minor. Opus 7.
Schubert: Quartet In D minor (“Death and
the Maiden").

 

By JONATHAN PENN

In the promotional literattire for the
Juilliard String Quartet concert at Page Hall
on Jan. 30. various adjectives such as
“foremost” and “most renowned“ were used to
describe their playing ability. Although lam
normally skeptical of such descriptions. their
performance removed all doubts of tile veraci-
ty of these claims.

Perhaps the Quartct's most important
quality was their absolute precision both in
their performing techniques and. more
significantly. in their playing. From the mo—
ment they walked out. every action and mo-
tion was directed towards communication
through music. Unlike many quartets. their
"setting tip" was held to an absolute minimum
with notie of the interminable shifting and
fussing which has unfortunately come to
characterile the modern performer. The
Juilliard Quartet seemed to believe that their
sole purpose was to create music. not a show.

The first piece on the program. Joseph
Haydn‘s “Quartet in l: Hat Major" (0p. 20.
No. I). is a very typical example ol'a classical
quartet. in all of llaytltt's compositions there
is an air of extremely refined sensibilities, of

fly ALAN ALI'ER

Those who braved the blustery cold on Fri-
day night to attend the l‘rce/c Dried Coffee
House were treated to a good. honest attempt
by a duo called Bottom Dollar to play sotne
hearty tunes to a scctningly unresponsive
audience, Unfortunately. the group's tinting
appeared to be off. atid the show suffered.

The group consists of Rich Narditi on
rhythm guttnrand vocals. and luy Reiniin on
rhythm and lead guitar atid vocals. 'lhcir
music spans many categories. from good old
swing to country and western. combining

 

 

Juilliard String Quartet:

   

\

     

V9;
\\

   

‘s..“

 
 
 
  

— a masterpiece in music —

r “ -- " “,n That whole era‘s
conception of music depended on these
qualities.

in addition. all of llaydn‘s compositions
seem to sparkle with warmth and joy. ajot‘erlr'
vivrt' which has earned Haydn the nickname
of “Papa.” The dangers of overplaying such
music should be obvious. By over-dramatizing
the variousthcmcs and developmental sec-
tions. too much cati he made out oftoo little.
changing a composition whose original intent
was simple into a bombastic creation. For-
tunately. the Quartet was fully aware ofthesc
dangers. l’recisc. direct. and full of rollicking
good humor. their interpretation made the
piece a complete tlclight. By exercising their
superb musical taste. they were able to avoid
changing Haydn into something he was not. It
was as fine a performance of their piece as l
have ever heard.

After a brief pause. the Quartet catnc back
to play Bela Bartok‘s “Quartet No. I in A
Minor. Opus 7." Due to my personal un-
familiarity with the genre.| am hesitantabout
making any general comments on this piece.
Although it is distinctly modern in its use of
dissonance and melodic "fragments." it is still
a classical. “tonal” piece of music. due to both
its form attd content. ()nc "thing Bartok
managed to acltlcve with his heavy use of'dis-
sonance was a haunting and mysterious quali-
ty. especially in the first movement. What the
group brought to their performance of their
work was an almost infinite ability to make
subtle and delicate contrasts in totte and
dynamics. so niticli so that in the quieter sec-
tions of the piece a soft and delicate "cloud" of
sound restcd over the group. Also notable was

Bottom Dollar Duo

many different elements to produce a light and
warm sound.

The duets were fairly good. although the iti-
dividttal solos lacked strength and vitality. In-
deed. when the two combined their voices the
result was beautiful. melodic harmonies.

The show opened very slowly. as it took a
while for tltc group to get warmed up. The first
set consisted of the band's own compositions.
mixed with some better known tunes from
other composers. All were extremely well
done.

Their hilarious interpretation of the in-

“ I’ll  I

  

   

  

[l

 

                
   
    
      
  

The Jutlllard String Quartet. with Robert Mann and Earl Carlyn on the violin. Samuel
Rhodes on the vlola‘and Joel Kroenlek on the cello, performed at Page HellSunday.

the fiery performance of the “Allegro Vivace."
As I have said. lam not veryf‘amiliar with liar-
tok and his music; yet. I think it will be along
time before I hear a group perform this work
so well. u

The Quartet's final selection. Schubert's
"Quartet in 1) Minor" (“Death of the
Maiden“). proved to be a brilliant conclusion
toa brilliant concert. The tnain fhcmcs.which
persist throughout the work (although in
altered form). supposedly represent Death. in
the form of a downward rushing motif. and
the Maiden. portrayed by a "pastoral"
melody.

According to one biograplter of Schubert
and his tnttsic. Death is tempting the girl to
come away with him. Personally. I feel such
stories are usually apocrypltal. Yet. musically.
it is possible to detect an element of'truth in it.
'I he dark tumor theme is almost always pre-

at the Co

famous “Streets of Laredo." also appeared to
he a success as the audienceibccame involved
in the action that was taking place before
them.

However, the two tunes which capitalized
on the new found audience. "Charlie" and
“Old Swing Song." stand out from the others
because the group finally seemed to be putting
it all togethcrand began playingat a level truly
indicative of their capabilities. lzzy's fine
guitar work, playing tasty melody smoothly
over Rich‘s rhythtn picking. produced a rather
good sounding production.

'I he thematic content of all the tunes in their
repertoire seemed to center upon their intrin-
sic urge to live iii the wide open expanses of'the
scenic western United States. Originally from
flicksvillc. the duo constantly referred to the
frustrating life ol’gruwing up on Long lsland.
watching the destruction of the natural eit-
virontncnt. Although one can easily sym-
pathize with the sentiments that they ex-
pressed. their persistent put-downs were
somewhat overdone. Their own compositions
were good. but their interpretations of other
people's material was much better. Their ren-
difion of an Alex lIevcn tune entitled, “Rodeo
Rider," and a Paul Siebal song were the
highlight of the first set. These songs were ex-
tremely innovative and contained some
dynamic intensity which the rest of the set

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS .

I

sent in the work and dotninates it at its conclu-
sion. Evert when the pastoral melody is heard.
one can detect the Death figure in the bar—
mony. Once again. the Juilliard Quartet‘s ab-
solute musicality was clcar. Every phrase and
nuance was thought out. and the performance
encompassed the work as a whole. notas four
separate movements. _Ilowcver. both the
opening Allegra arid the Andante Were es-
pccially wonderful. The sweep and dynamism
that they captured in the first movement and
the lyricism of the second \verc.t:xceptional.

After a heavy round of applause auda par-
tial standttig ovation. the Quartet played as an
encore the Schcr/o from Schubert‘s “G Major
Quartet“ (l), 880). "the answer to the ques-
tiott of what could be better than Schubert is
more Schubertf." said a member of the
Quartet. It was a fine ending to a superb con-
cert.

fcehouse

lacked.

Most ofthe songs seemed to be missing
something vital. as the performers seemed to
be confused and disoriented. causing the
whole to lag. Even their attempts of comic
relief failed as their jokes were poor and the
narratives long and drawn out. .

A special guest/audition set by Olen and
Selina in between Bottom Dollar's two sets
was something we all could have done
without; with Olen on mandolin and guitar.
and Solina on various weird instruments, this
combination did not make it. The audience
seemed so thoroughly displeased that many
people attempted to find solace by scekingthc
exit. Unfortunately this created a bad at-
niosphcrc within the Coffee House. which
Bottom Dollar had to contend with when they
started their second set. which contained a
tribute to the American Cowboy.

Even with all odds against them. Bottom
Dollar put on a pleasant show. Their music is
extremely easy to listen to and blends together
a solid musical base with some nice har-
monies. 'I'hcy arrange their material well and
combitte this with an air of informal
professionalism which maintains good rap-
port with the audience. Hopefully. more peo-
ple will help in setting up the Coffee House, for
it is an extremely good alternative for those
who claim that they have nothing to do. J

PAGE THIRTEEN

 

  

 

   
  

     

