  
   
 

   
   
  

  

  

.4]
_  to young then who were heavy users

 

 

dived a‘recent-

transaxia‘l

nitrite. carried out in- - , t ‘
tamosrapliy. Ill V hieh no gas rake-

penile tly; are reportedinythe‘
‘ ' '1' the Journal of the
'Amcrican-Medical Assocr lion. V
 earlierstudy was reported in
_l_97l in «Lancet. a Brishv medical
roll. in which researchers testing

   

continued/rum page one
could swallow a billion of them and
they Would pass harmlesst out of
your system in a feat'days,”

The reason'for. this sudden flurry
in interest in a technique that had
been around for five years is cloud-

; :The hr in.- study.,conducted by
Dr._,A.M._U. Campbell of Bristol _
’lloyal United Hospitals and his

ray hntque. called "

 

 

‘ x - ZETETIKS .
. The Undergraduate Philos'iophy Club. provides a
1‘ forum for those who wish to present and discuss their
ideas. If you‘ve been thinking out a few things and
would like to talk them through with some interested
fellow students, call Kathy. 7-7764.

funded by student association

 

 

 

 

T——————.——-—.————--———————i|

 

 

RND COUNT‘ YOUR snvruosr ,
Thursdoys 5—9 during march

 ~ I ‘ -GET~15%-0ff

your supply purchase of $5. or more
with this coupon
f-lRT- DRRFTINCi-GRHPHIC FlRT SUPPLIES

' COUGHTRY’S

268 Control Av... Albany
463-2192
. M-F 8~5 THURS. ‘Tll. 9 d SAT. 9-5 I
Not valid for sale Items, fumi-

I

f" two or machinery. Limit one |
g ,j coupon 1 customer. Offer I
‘ upmﬁﬁim _‘

L__..___ _..-_________

Chenille n ad

or? s
in Troy

 

March 26th at 8 p.m.

presented by
Hudson. Valley
Community College

 
  

Just a Song, ALBANY
Pmctorb Box Ofﬁce, Troy

HVCC Student Senate

 

 

 

unluuoullll r

 

PAGE TWO

  
 

cqlfeagties. 

DNA controversy   i :3” ’

Ted. Lermanlooks upon recombinant

DNA asa valuable tool in aiding
scientists to study speciﬁc genetic

Icharaeteristles. Newman looks upon
it as an unnecessary and risky shon-
cut to obtain data that can eventual-
ly be obtained through what he eon-
siders safer methods.

Donald Holtzia SUN YA student
who has been studyingrthc possible
use of recombinant DNA. is skep-
tical about the need for a program at
this university.

“There are a great number ol'these
facilities throughout the country."
said Holtz. “To make it feasible for a
university to continue this kind of
work, you have to produce results.
The first will be the one to whom the
research will pay off.

“It‘s an even ﬁeld. You can‘t say
that Cambridge. Harvard. M.I.T. is
ahead. or so far abettd that We
couldn‘t crttch up. There has to be
some kind of competition. People
will be pushed. consciously or sub-
consciously. to get results quickly.
and when yoti try to get results
quickly. thcrc‘s room for mistakes."

Accorditrg to Holty. a
moratorium should be placed on all
research using recombinant techni-

\ qucs. An education process should
ltbcn be instituted. followed by a dis-
cussion open to the public.

Holt/.‘s proposal stems from it
similar situation which rcsullcd in
the city council ol Cambridge. Mass.
suspending recombinant DNA work
at Harvard University iri June. After
expert testimony. the council lifted
the bait last month.

It all goes as planned. a section of
the third Hour of the biology
building will be converted to I'Z
(minimal) facility. Work would then
corrimciicc by next semester titidcr
the gtiidancc ol the bioha/ards coin-
trance,

“'1 hcrc is a great push at the
tiatioiial level-and the local levels to
use an) new technology that comes
along it it presents a possihlility of
accelerating the path Di research."
said Newman.

"There is a lot ol investment iii
thinking tip rcasoirs why it should be
done and people \\ Iio raisc questions
about the lia/rtrds tcnd to be coit-
sidcrcd retrograde." Iic said.

llolt/ has recently lotitidctl thc
"()rgaiit/tttton lor Responsible
(ictictic Rcscarch". art SA recogni/-

cd group. He hopes to recruit Itrcully

and adtiiitiistralnc ttictnbcrs on the
committee and eventually bring the
issue bclorc llrc University Scitate.

“II the community is interested in
knowing about the technique. or
having good iiitoruiatioti. we would
be really delighted to provnlc
assistance iri helping tocducatcllicrrr
about rccorribinant DNA." said |.cr-
niritt.

——
CORRECTION '

in the March ll edition of the
ASP. it was incorrectly stated that
the CD'I'A proposal would offer bus
service irrto the main campus run-
ning the present one-way loop. The
actual proposal calls for service in}
both directions on both Washington
rind Western Avenue.‘

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

. congress party--

   

Gandhi Fluid ‘ " , _ . . , .
Ngw DELHI, lndlilAP) Prime Minister Indira Gandhi decided Monday to
resign following theloss ‘ofher seat i rliarnent and reverses suffered by her

  
    
     

are Indian general election. her spokesman said.
Opposition leaders began talks aimed at forming a new government. The
prune’minister's spokesman said Mrs. Gandhiyould formally submit her-
resigatio‘n Tuesday. ending ll years as leader'of the world's second most
populous nation. Chinkhas the largest. population. The} Congress party.
which has ruled India since independence from Britain 30 years ago. trailed
by a wide margin in theparliamentary returns and appearedllnlikely to win
enough seats to stay in power.

Israel Still Refuses to Negotiate with PLO
JERUSALEM (AP) Israeli officials said Monday that Palestinian
resolutions over the weekend were extremist and reinforced Israel‘s refusal to
negotiate'with‘the Palestinian Liberation Organimtion. The Palestine
National Council issued asternly but vaguely'wordcd IS-point program that
gave guerrilla leader Yasir Arafat broad authority to represent Palestinians
in peace talks with Israel. The PLO. which sets policy for a number of
Palestinian groups. said Arafat‘s PLO could attend peace talks “as an equal
and independent party.“ Israel has already rejected that arrangement.
Foreign Minister Yigal Alton told the Israeli state radio today that lhc
council‘s resolutions provided Israel “with new material to prove our basic
theses that the PLO . . . did not change its attitude.“

Podgorny Begins Mission to Southern Atrlca
MOSCOW (AP) President Nikolai I’odgorny left Moscow Monday on a
major Soviet diplomatic mission to southern Africa where he will meet
leaders of black political and guerrilla movements lighting white regimes.
diplomatic sources said. l’odgorny flcw first to Tanzania. Cuban President
Fidel Castro had left Tanzania hours before on his way to Zambia and
Mozambique. and there was no indication that the two men would meet.
From 'l'anxania. l’odgorny is also scheduled to go to Zambia and
Mo/anihiquc. two more ol'thc so-callcd “front-line“ black states supporting
black nationalist movements in Rhodesia. South-West Africa and Sorrtlr
The Soviet leader was expected to warn the Africans to be suspicion».
of U. .and Hritishattcmptstol'oslcragradualtranstcrol'powcrtothc black
majorities in southern Africa.

Carter Confers with Japanese Prime Minister
WASHINGTON (AP) President Carter welcomed Japan‘s Prime Minister
'l‘trkeo l‘ukuda to the Wltitc Home Monday and called the closc t‘ S'-
Japancsc friendship "one of the most crictiuraging developments" on lilt‘
international scene over the past Jllycars. At a ceremony welcoming i‘llklltirt
tor a two-day olficirrl visit. Carter described the Japanese prime minister its
“one ol'thc great leaders ol'onc oftlic grcatcst nations on earth.“ l be two riicrr
then opened the first at their three meetings. which was expected to locus on
the May economic summit meeting iti London and on global SCCUIIH
problems. Speaking through an interpreter. litikiida said the plll'ptlSL‘ ol lrh
visit is to “ see what we can do to build a new and tnorc cftcctiic .ltlpttticxc-
American partnership.“

 

 

Tax Laws May Be Revised Once Again
WASHINGTON (AP) Six months interchanging the nation‘~r t:r\ iii\\\ in .r
any that resulted iria record number ol'taxpaycr errors, Congress IS trrlkrrrg
"simplification" again, This titric. the lawmakers say. tltcy really mean it llic
House has passed and the Senate Finance Committee is considering a new
method ol tax-computation t hat the 'l’rcasriry Department Sit) s will trrrrtc liii'
annual taxpaying process easier for 96 per cent of the population. It “Iii
result iii a longer but for simpler tax form. the experts say. The changes :ttc
part ol a big tax-cut bill. including $Stl-per-pcrsori rebates. that the Willow
committee expects to approve this week. The full Senate. nieanwliilc. lltlpLW
to complete work on a bill that would require senators to disclosc litctt
finances and would limit the income they could cartr abovc tliclt
congressional salaries.

Carter to Recommend Subsidies tor Campaigns
WASHINGTON (AP) President Carter is about to recommend goicr iIlIIL'Ill
subsidies tor litttirc House and Senate campaigns. signaling a push to gct it
dotic iii time tor the I978 elections. Carter's message. generally L'lltitil ritlt.’
legislation already introduced on both sides of the Capitol. is due lticsdru.
altcr he receives the forriial report of Vice President Walter Mondalc on .r
study til clcctioti reform measures. So the odds are increasing that the \yslcttl
which had the government pay for the I976 presidential campaigns will
indeed be extended to congressional races. But there are problems :rlrcrrd.
among tlictri a reluctance by members of Congress to vote help lor' trL‘Hl‘IF
who will be alter their jobs iii the next election.

Carey Asks Carter for Federal Aid .

ALBANY. NY. (AP) (lovcrnor Ilugh Carey asked President ("arm on
Monday to declare It) upstate counties disaster areas. and make them cligiblc
lor'spccial federal disaster assistance. Sections of the state's northeastern
region were hit hard by spring I'Ioodinglast week. A presidentialdcclttl’nlulll-
which was appealed for by the Red Cross among others. would make Hood-
damagcd homes and businesses eligible for special federal lotrrr program
the Red Cross estimated that I.500 families irt six northeastern states \vctc
allcctcd by the flooding. Carey asked presidential recognition [or the
counties of Albany. Chenatigti. Delaware, Fulton. Montgomery. Omit”
Itenssclrter. Saratoga. Warren and Washington.

MARCH 22, 1977

 

 

i
1
i
i
«i

 

 

 

  
   
  
  
   
   
 
   
          
     
      
     
       
     
   

 
 

Bus Grievance Committee members will hold their first open meeting Sunday on Alumni Ouad to

hovult

 

hear gripes on the existing SUNYA bus service and tormul'ato direction for the tuturo.

Police Score on Sheeting Exam

by Kathleen Gleason

Although most Univorsity Police
are banned from carrying firearms on
campus. the ones that are allowed to
do so “probably have a higher level
of proficiency in firearms use than
municipal police.“ according to
John chighan. Assistant Director
of the Department of Public Safety.

University Police policy requires
five supervisors. four detectives. and
two administrators to take periodic
refresher courses in firearms use.
l-lctiiglian said.

“We qualify (pass the firearms
course) about eight times a year-
even local police departments don‘t
go that often." said Lieutenant
Richard l’icrce. a supervisor for the
University Police who. along with
Investigator John Ruth. supervises
the courses. They are FBI certified
lircarnis instructors.

Familiar Weapons

The course. which lasts for eight
hours. consists of a one-hour sc ion
on lircartiis solely. and "tile rest of
the time is spent qualifying—
slrootirig dillcrcnt courses and
Iatntliariling ourselves with the
weapons." according to l’icrce.

“leach titric we go to the range we
hate to quality: we have to shoot ()0
per cent or hcllct‘ on each course,
And we go ciiotigli tirncs that there's
no problem with qualifying." l’icrcc
said.

 

The course is held at the New York
State Police Academy in Albany in
the winter “for convenience." and at
an outdoor Army National Guard
range in (iuildcrlatid in the summer.
llcnighan said.

This training is beyond that which
is required of most on-thc-job
municipal policemen. although the
University Police receive the same
training as they do as well as fulfill-
ing additional requirements ofcitlter
two years ol‘collcgc courses in Police
Science or two years of fulltinie
police experience. according to
lieniglian.

University Police has recentlyin-
stalled a sophisticated tcletype
machine that will make their job
easier. according to the Assistant
Dept. of Public Safety Director
John chighan.

The telctypc machine now makes
it possible to quickly identify/any in-
dividual picked up on campus. and
generate a printout of any prior or
present trouble with the law.

Police Feedback

Additionally. the department will
receive feedback from other police
dcparlmerits on any stolen goods
that turn up within a given area. and
allows the University Police to
publish lor tltc benefit of other police
departments. information on iri—
dividuals arrested oti campus.

“It provides as quickly Willi intor-
mation you can‘t get any other way.
I‘m not sure how much it cost. but
the saving of time and manpower
that will occur makes it more titan
pay for itself." said Heniglian.

The old _tclctypc machine the
department has only provides a link-
ttp with the Department of Motor
Vehicles. “We‘re the first [in the
SUNY system] to have the new
tclctype machine." chighan added.

or L M 
StudetLts can‘t'aise any gripes thiy
might have about the? utility of

 

‘SUNYA busy'service in an open
' meeting of the Bus Grievance Com-

mittee Sunday at Alumni’Qtiad.
The Bus Grievance Committee

‘, Was formed amonth ago by, SA

President Steve DiMeo and 'is
designed to bring to light problems
students have with bus seryioe.‘

“Before. if there was something
wrong with the buses. all I could do
was channel complaints to the peo-
ple in charge." said DiMeo. “There
was no proper coordination. New
students have a direct channel."

The committee is composedof
four students. two senior bus drivers.
Plant Superintendent Ira Devoe and
Transportation Supervisor Kenneth
Woven.

“The main idea oftbc committee is
to get feedback from students and
send it to people who are in the posi-
tion to make changes." said com-
mittee member Kim Burke. “The
meeting will be held so students can
come down and voice their com-
plaints.“

Til its month long existence. the
committee hits recommended and
received the addition of an llzlS
a.m. bus from the circle and the
replacement of missing plexi-glass
all-weather covering at the bus
shelter on the corner of Partridge
and Western Ave.

"One of tltc major complaints was

“:05 bus and , H s,
Burke, “Students were.  ing
problems making. some of "their
classes because of the gap. The con?
senses was to add-another time." ' ~

“The bus shelter had panelsmis‘s-
ing." said committee’imember ‘Jeff
Scardino. “What was really good
was that they listened to our
grievance. and with in a few days the
panel was replaced." ‘  '

' ' Bus Security ' ‘

According to Scardino. the com-
mittee'is‘ looking into possible
strengthening of security on buses
and the expansion of the committee
to look] into aspects such as.
schedules. bus routes and stops next
year.

“It's basically an information
committee.“ said Ira Devoc.
“DiMeo brought the idea to us and it
seems to be working."

Sunday‘s meeting will be held at
Waterbury Hall's main lounge. 7:00
p.m. as part of the Alumni Quad
Board meeting.

“The reason why we're holding it
there is because most of the bus
grievances come from Alumni
Quad.“ said DiMeo.

“This will be an informational
open meeting.“ said Scardino. “It‘s
open to everyone." ‘

According to Burke and DiMeo.
this meeting will be the first of a
series that is expected to run bi-
monthly.

Council Rep Impeachment Asked

by Corrine Bernstein

Over 200 signatures have been
collected on petitions proposing the
impeachment of Dutch Quad Ceri-
tral Council representative Paul
Birnhaum. for reasons of missed
votes on bills.

The petitions have been validated
and are ready to be brought before
Central Council according to Dutch
Quad Board member. Kathy Stark.
who started the petition drive.

Missed Votes

“Birnbaum is supposed to be a
representative from Dutch and miss-
ed voting on bills where his con-
stituents‘ student tax money was
spent.“ said Stark.

Stark added Iiirnbaum never
answered a letter criticiling his

Off-Campus Survival By the Book

the ()tl-Cartrpus Association has
tilSlllhlIlCti its newly printed Sur-
tl\ti/ frIlIt/t‘ to Housing to students
on tlrc quads,

“llrtxurrlb it's aimed at students iii
llic dorms who are tliitikitig about
lllii\lllt1 oll ctrriiptts." said ()CA
I)||L'\ltil llirtld) \'till.\\’iltht.iilCdlilU
guidebook "How you're all. it‘s
rrlirrmi too late,"

Ilri: guidebook is to pages long
and. lL‘illlllL‘h possililc hats to a\oid
pltliiit‘llls tli.rl gcritrirlly occur wlictr
rrroirtigI oll catiiptis

Student Questions

"llris \irll answer about lit) pcr
ictti ot llrc questions most students
how about iiiilhlilll." said Voit.

\ort srrrrl that Ilrc guidebook is
i‘il‘ti'll on it liorrsitrg gtridc put out by
\‘t \i at Iiirrglirirrrtrrrr ltvc years
ago,

“i gallicrcd tiiloi ination lt'otit that
book as well as from general
pr'ohlcrris students have had. liaclr
\car c will be adding things. lex-

MARCH 22, 1977

 

pcct that each year the book will be
eight pages thicker." said Voit.

Voit said that of the 8.000 copies
printed. 4.000 Iiavc been distributed
titi thc quads. “There are copies
available tor anyone interested in the
UCA ofticcs." said Voit.

According to United 'l'ctiants of
Albany nictnbcr Roger Markovics.
students ollcn overlook vital safety
Icaturcs when looking for art apart-
riicrit.

“I here are many suggestions
students can benefit by." said
Markovics. “One lb to make sure
there's a second cxtt in case of a fire.
Also rrrakc sure that the exit is easy
to get out ol. Tilt: Albany Housing
('odc only specilics that a tire cxit
must be there » not how good it is.
'l licy‘re allowing it lot ot'cruirtmy cx-
its.“

"I suggest that students look and
sec what condition the fire escapes
are in . . . whether they are coated
with fire~proof paint."

Voit said that another important
aspect of the book deals with leases.

“It can‘t read the lease for you. It
gives general things atitl problems
that arise." said Voit. "The purpose
is to inform the people who don't
usually come into the ()CA office."

The guidebook mentions tl trioch
lcasc which is recommended by the
Consumer Protection lioard.

Landlord Spaces

“It puts everything into a
simplified loriii.“ said Markovics.
“It sets down a basic set til cori-
ditions with blank spaces for the
landlord and tcriatit to tilt in.“

“It‘s a very easy lease." said Voit.
“It states who's responsible lor what.
etc. There are a lot ol things
landlords put into it lease which
tiitglit iiol bc legal or could be chang-
cd. httt students don't know about
it." Volt added that landlords irren‘t
usually very receptive to this
simplified lease.

«Tom Martcllo

voting and attendance record.

“If you are goingto impeach l’aul.
others Iiavc to be impeached." said
Central Council Chairperson (ing
Lessne. “There is no fool-proof
method to impeach someone. You
can‘t just look at his voting record.
There are other intangibles which
can‘t as easily qualify. such as getting
involved in outside projects."

liirnbaum said Stark has brought
out some of his mistakes without
mentioning his successes.

“My voting and attendance
records are better than 50 per cent of
Central Council‘s.“ he said. I felt I
was doing an adequate job.

Aitliottgli I failed to vote on a few
issues. I tch l have represented my
constituents and made tnorc money

 

than I have lost. People have signed
the petitions and I'm not sure they
‘ now what they have signed." said
Birnhaum.

Constituents

Lesne said it is not usual practice
to have constituents bring up im-
peachment charges. He added that a
majority. affirmative vote of Council
is necessary to impeach a Council
member.

David (iold. a Dutch Represen-
tative to Central Council said.
“Quad Board notified l’aul that he
wasn‘t doing the best job. but they
should have given him time to
improvc~~ to impeach him would be
really extreme. If you impeach Iiim
you would have to impeach thrcc’
fourths of Central Council.“

wong V

Otl Campus Association President Buddy Volt collected information
tram SUNV Binghamtontorthe studentcaldetontl-mmpuetiitlnn.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE mam

  
  
     
  
  
   

   

 

‘t
t

:13:

.ﬂtmb."

 

