 
  

   
     
 
 

only
Tit

Assistant isabie

s- twm an) *
lag. responsible i ‘
o 9 work tradi- .

lawyeis;  . ‘I  - - '

reefmo'nlhs ole ntensive training can: ive; you the

. s—thecourseeare taught by lawyers: ou:choose

one oi the seven courses altered—choose the city in

  

 

  

which you want to work.
Since 1970. The Institute-tor Paralegal Training has
placed morethan 2.000 ﬁduatesln law llrms. banks;
and corporations in over '

cities.

  

   
 
 

 

' '- interested in a career a
‘ tomeet ,you.

Contact your place

 

representative.

The Institute for

Paralegal Training

235 South 17th Street. Philadelphia. Pennsylvania 19103

Operated by Para-Legal. Inc.

it you ~are a senior at high academic standing and are
5 a Lawyer's Assistant, we'd like

merit olltce tor an interview with our

weomsmvmoveateene .

. “speak; f ' :- _ . J
- p:  ‘.heitelcgrit’m said. “Cannon send
.contract. please call immediately...”

 

 

 

DAMSEL

The

 

REDFORD

 

MORRISEY GABRIEL RAGALIA

SYMBOLS OF LOVE

A Keepsake diamond ring

says it all, reflecting your love
invitsbrilliance and beauty.

Keepsake guarantee
assures a perfect diamond of

fine white color and precise cut.
There is no finer diamond ring.

men‘s

 

How to Plan Your Engagement and Wedding
FREE! Beautiful 20-page booklet for planning your engagement and
wedding plus color brochure on vital diamond facts and latest ring
styles. Special bonus coupon saves you 5096 on Keepsake Bride's Book,
:your complete wedding record. Send 25¢ for postage and handling.

E77

 

‘Name

I Add ress

 

 

ICity
State

7|?

Keepsake Diamond Rings, Box 90, Syracuse, New York 13201

 

 

 

 

PAGE TWO

find your Keepsake dealer under Jewelers In the Yellow Pages
or call toll free 000-100-6100. In Connecticut 000-001-6500.

M—

 

'uas‘ informed that l .aitce’ would not

according to (icrber. _

'fAlter we were told by the agency
that Lance had sent them a confir-
ming telegram. then that he had
cancelled. we thought that thcre was
something that we could do legally.“

(ierbcr said that Leventhal
threatened legal action if Lance
didn't respond as to why he had
cancelled. chcnthal refused last
night to comment about the phone

t‘il .

"After Lance called back. it was
then found out that there had been
no committmcnt made.“ said (ici-
her. A

Walker said that Lance then callc
his (illice about tlte possible legal ac-
tttitt.

“I was
Walker.

Flanagan and Walker then citllcd
Acting Campus Center Director Jim
Doellcfcld about the problem.

Docllcfcld said Flanagan had told
him that “he was sorry this wltolc
thing had happened" and that he had
been“99 per cent certain“ that Lance
would appear.

Flanagan could not be reached for
comment last night.

“In a subsequent conversation
with Walker.“ said Doellefeld “he
asked why advertising and ticket
scllirtg had begun and that Flanagan
would never say something like ‘9‘)
per cent certain.m

"Tilt: way I would capsuli/c it
would be like this.“ said
l)oelle|'cld.“’l'ltcre scented to be an
absence of understanding between
Lance and Arrtcrican Progranttt
llureau and a misunderstanding
bctwccn Speaker's Forttni and
American Program lltircatt.“

Walker said that the incident had
hurt his company's relations with
llcrt Lance bill that he hoped ltc
would contintie to have SUNYA as a
client.

Accordirtg to (ierber. Speaker‘s
Forum frantically called other agen—
cies looking for a replacement for
Lartcc and that it was decided that
Frye “was the best of thc small
choice.“

Lance is currently still on his vaca-
tion in Europe and was not available
for comment.

Atlanta Woman.
Bops Bus Bomber

ATLANTA (AP) A man who com-
mandeered a city bus. threatening to
blow it up. was subdued by an angry.
bold mother of six.

Mattie Busscy. 4|. pinned one of
the hijackcr's arms behind his back
and turned him over to police at the
Georgia Capitol. where he had
ordered the bus driver. W. J.
Patrick. to take him.

“I don‘t know what made me do
it.“ Mrs. Busscy said. “ltjust got on
me. There were a lot of lives on that
has. including mine."

The man i hrcatcncd to ignite it can
of gasoline he was carrying if he was
not taken to ace Gov. George Busbec
or Mayor Maynard Jackson. police
said.

Police escorted the bus to the
Capitol after Patrick radioed his dis-
patcher about the situation.
Authorities persuaded the hijacker
to let the passengers leave the bus at
the state house.

After some of the 30 passengers
had left through the front door. the
remaining passengers panicked and

flit bbe rgastcd." said

from-the ag 1e" be illcd ip ind ~‘

 
  
   
    
 

Nuclear Weapons Dispute _
WASHINGTON (AP) The State Department on Monday disputed an
assertion by South African l'rimc Minister John Vorster that he never
promised the United States that South Africa would not develop nuclear-
w 'apons. The department said Vorstcr. in an Ora. l3 Letter to Prestdent
Carter. gave formal assurances that South Africa neither has nuclear
explosives nor inteiids to develop them for any purpose. peaceful or
otherwise. Similar assurances had been given two months ago to the 
ambassador in Pretoria by the South African Department of Fol‘mgn

Affairs. the State Department said.

Somali Claims Cubans’ Aiding EthIOpla
MOGAIHSHIT. SOMALIA (AP) Ethnic Somali rebels from Ethiopia's
eastern Ogadcn Province who are fighting to anncit it to Somalia claimed
Monday that more than 2.000 Cuban troops are aiding Ethiopian forces In
the embattled religion. The Western Somali Liberation Front Insurgents
claim to control most of the Ogadcn. The secretary general ofthc WSLF,
Abdaliahi Hasan Moliatnoud. said at least 2.000 troops from Communist
South Yemen also are aiding the Ethiopians. There was no independent
confirmation of the WSl.l-' claims.

Carter Speaks ln Observance ot Veterans’s Day

WASHINGTON (AP) President Carter. observing Veterans Day. called on
the nation Mondaytojoin ltini in a “demonstrable will to prescrvo freedom iii
order to prevent war.“ This. he said, would serve as “gratitude for those lit-lilL‘
past who ltavc given their lives and those who were Willing to give their il\L'\
for the preservation of the greatest nation on earth." Citrtcrspokc at lltc
Memorial Amphitheater at Arlington National Cemetery alter placing ii
wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier.

Tiny Tim and Miss Vicki Bid Adieu
('A M|)|-;N, N..l.( AP) 'firty flat and Miss Vicki won't tiptoe through tltc lllilps
togctltcr anymore. The couple. who married with fanfare on ltlllltillnl
television in NW. was quictlydivorccd in Superior Court here Monday otci
l'int‘s objections. llte falscltosiitger. whose career peaked iii the late 60s “II it
his hit sting. “'I'iptoc I'Iirough the 'l'ulips." did ttot attcitd the pl'OCCL‘dlltijs
His lawyer. Philip l’alcy. said he was on a concert tour. Acting on a pt‘lllltlll
filed by Miss Vicki in I975 tvhiclt citedirrcconcilablc differences. Judge Paul
A. Loweiigrttb agreed to end the marriage that began on Johnny Carson's
'l'oitight Show.

Young Favors Action Against South Attica

UNITED NATIONS. NY (AP) U.S. Ambassador Andrew Young said
Monday he personally favors some form of sanctions against the government
of South Africa. which carried ottt a sweeping purge of black leaders and
organizations last week. Young spoke with reporters following a SUL'llfll)
Council meeting where black-ruled African nations called on the council to
order a mandatory arms cntbargo and otltcr sanctions aqainst South Africa's
white-minority rcgintc. the United States previously has vetoed such illl
arms embargo proposal.

Dock Workers Strike Continues

BAL HARBOUR. FLA. (AP) Despite earlier signs of progress. talks
bcthen striking dock workers and the shippingindustry broke off Mtilldin
when a federal mediator again declared a stalemate. “After four days of
intensive discussions with the parties. l have reluctantly concluded that art
impasse has been reached.“ said Wayne llorvitz. director of tire Federal
Mediation and Conciliation Service. “Since no further progress is possible
under present circumstances I have recessed the negotiations subject to call."
he added.

Panamanians Support New Treaties

PANAMA (‘l’l‘Y (AP) Panamanians have given overwhelming approval to
treaties signed with America that would give this contry control of the
Panama Canal by the year 2000. officials announced Monday. Comptroller
General Damian Castillo said that with 95 per cent ofthc ballots counted. the
unofficial results were 468.664 votes forthc treaties and 228.697 against. fill a
2-l margin. That ration “is just about what the US. Senate needs to approve
the treaties." Castillo told reporters.

Chief Justice Upholds Hunting Ban

WASHINGTON (AP) Chief Justice Warren ii. Burger refused to alter a
lower court‘s order Monday that confronted American Eskimos with a tinc-
ycar ban on hunting for bowhcad whale. Burgcr‘s refusal. announced by at
court spokesman with noaddcd comment. represented it victory for tire State
Dcpartittcnt and a bitter dcfctit for Eskimos. The Eskimos had claimed thc
hunting ban would do great harm to their culture and rob them of a primc
source of protein.

Ex D.A. Cahn Disbarred.

NEW YORK ( AP) Former district attorney William Cahn. once tltc scour gc
of Nassau County felons and now a convicted criminal himself. was stripped
Monday of his last vestigc of power. his right to practice law. The appellulc
division of state Supreme Court disbarred the Swear-old Cahn because at
his conviction in federal court of double billing Nassau County for $20.00“
forjurtkcts arourtdtlte country, Cahn was sentenced last July 2 to it year and a
day in federal prison l'ollowiitghis conviction for mail fraud and making fill-W

 

jpmpcd through the windows. statements. The addition of tltcsinglc day under the law is intended to hi“
i atrtck said. Cahn from ever holding public office again.
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS ‘

OCTOBER 25, 1977

 

 

by Aron Smith .

Republican V candidate Kevin
Moss' will face incumbant Sol
Greenbcrg on Election Day in the
race for Albany Cotinty district at-
torney. While Grecnbcrg is running
on his record. Moss is questioning
what took place during Grccnbcrg‘s
administration.

Moss‘ arguments against the
Grecnberg administration center
around ten to ﬁfteen examples of
politiciil favoritism. according to
Moss Campaign Manager l’aul Car-
dantonc.

(irccitbcrg bases his qualifications
for office on his experience in law
and knowledge of the courtly.

()nc of the favoritism examples
cited by Moss concerns art incident
which took place in July. I976. in-
volving a Democratic corti-
rttittccman. Daniel K. Long was in-
dicted on two counts of second
degree murder and one count offirst
dcgrcc manslaughter. Greenbcrg
reduced the charges to one Class E

. a. ..

   
 

Sol 

 

  

   

   

 

Favoritism inlDA Contest

felony. said Cardamone. leaving
Long with a twelve-month jail

sentence.

Another such alleged impropriety
involved an Albany taxi driver‘s
application for a license to operate
within the city. According to
Cardemonc. Mayor Corning‘s office
denied the driver a license until he
made a contribution to the Albany
County Democratic Comtttiltcc. DA
(irccnbcrg did riot permit tltc driver
to appear before a gt'andjury to ex—
pose this practice. Cardemone said.

"Sol is a politician. arid his perfor-
mance in office has shown it. He
always has been." said Cardcmonc.
“Sol Grecnbcrg is not a professional
prosecutor. As a lawyer. he is a
collection attorney." Cardcmonc
said.

Grecnbcrg. with the backing ofthc
Democratic party. said he isfamiliar
with thcjob‘s duties.

“I hichtics here in the county and
We built up my reputation as a
lawyer and as a DA yerc.“ said

 

UPS/MARK SASS

According to Torch 1978 Editor Sam Terilli, the yearbook will cost 53
rather than the former $2, and it will not be delivered until next fall.

 

  
   
   
 
  

  

 
      
     
       
  
   
    
       
    
   

Democratic candidate Sol Greenberg has been accused of politch favoritism by Republican

tin/some “‘"rt‘

candidate Kevin Moss. his opponent in the race for Albany County District Attorney.

I
Grecnhcrg. “I have a vast experience

in the law for over 29 years.”
“We're a metropolitan county.“
said Grecnberg. “ We have over twice
as many criminal trials in felony
cases than in the other three counties
[in thctri-city area]combincd. Inad-
dition to disposing of 305 felony

Torch to

by Robert Van (irovcr

'l‘he l978 Torch Yearbook will be
delivered in the fall instead of tire
spring at a price hiked from $2.00 to
$3.00 according to Torch I978
Editor Sam Tcrilli.

A $200 to $300 deficit front last
year was carried over to this year‘s
budget necessitating the changing
plans which was sanctioned by a
consensus of the Torch's gcncral
staff. ‘

Torch faculty advisor The Moon
Lee said that the deﬁcit is being iti-
vestigated and it is still too early to
disclose any information.

“Corners will have to be cut in
order for us to stay within our
budget.“ said 'l'crilli. "and this means
that there will be no Torch T-shrts.
no record inside the '78 yearbook as
there was in last year‘s and a close
watch on photography expenses.

’l‘crilli said he took an informal

 

 

r

all M
3Y5!” ‘

 

L

OCTOBER 25. 1977

Parents Invade SUNYA

    

Accompanied by beautilul weather, thousands at parents invaded SUNYA this weekend to

celebrate Community University Day. Among the lostivitlea were the Homecoming Football Game.

guest speakers and exhibits. The campus was impressively cleaned up and signs were hung In an

attempt to help visitors get through SUNVA'a symmetrical maze. There were even cloth-covered

tables in the Ratbskeller with flowers on them, to add a little class for the older lolks. And the SUNYA

tountalns. pictured in the background as a law parents learn about this hallowed institution at
V learning. spouted lor the very last time this year.

j

UPS/IONNE IUCNMAN

 

defendants in l976. over six thou-
sand misdemeanors were disposed of
in the lower courts last year.“

One of the cases handled through
Greenberg‘s office involved former
Class of ‘78 President Marc Benccke.
who was found not guilty of third
degree grand larceny in Albany

:County Court on October 6.

“The proof apparently wasn‘t
genough through experts. that he. in
.fact. did sign certain documents."
said Grecnberg. “He‘s had his day in
court; his case cannot be retried.“

"I hope the class does pursue civil

continued on page jive

Be Delivered In Fall

survey to determine student's
feelings on a fall yearbook. Accor-
ding to Tcrilli. 60 per cent didn‘t care
one way or the other. 20 per cent
wanted the yearbook delivered in the
spring and 20 per cent wanted the
book in the fall.

“A fall book is easier for the
printer because he has more time to
produce it. and as a result is cltcapcr
for us." said Terilli.

Ordinarily. 50% of the book
would havc been due by November
l5 compared to the 30% to 40%duc
in the middle of April for tire fall
book. according to Terilli. I

Chief photographer for Photo.

Service. Mark Sass. said that this
later deadline will allow the Torch ‘0
cover more springtime activities.
such as Telethon. and give a better

'perspcctivc of the school year.

i “This later deadline will take the
stress off the photographers and
allow them time for rcshooting cer-
tain pictures for finer quality." said
Sass.

According to 'l‘crilli. “Seniors will
be able to have the Torch mailed to
them at no additional 'cost. The
lower cost of a fall yearbook enables
us to do this.“

Council Rules Colonial
Election Results Invalid

by Steve Brackett ’

The Colonial Quad Central Coun-
cil representative election has been
temporarily invalidated. according
to Central Council Chairman Mike
Lissncr.

Lissttci‘ said lltcinvtthdatititt is lltc
result of a complaint brought
before tltc SA Supreme Court by
Central Cottncil candidate Carol
Jurist. in it Jurist states that one of
ltcr opponents. 'lont Wallace. had
wrongly accused ltcr ol plagiarisitt.

.lttt'ist asked the court that the
election he lll\lliltilllt'(f. Wallach
littlllL' bc rcittotcd iron; the ballot.
attdtltitl hc publicly apologi/c to her.
lhc court agreed on all three ic-
quests.

lltc issue began on Stindat. Oct.
(1. \\ ltctt a candidatcs' loitiiit “its licltl
h) the Colonial Quad lloiii'd. At tlic
tortint each candidate gate his news
(til the council's luttctioits

(In Oct Ill. lltc da) hcloi'c tltc
election was to begin. Jtii'tst dis-
lribtitcd a Icallet to (‘olonial Quad
residcttls stating ltci' vich. ()itc ol
tlicsc. which she nctcr said at the
forum. was that all cottrtcil members
sltould attend quad section
meetings,

On Oct. l2. two days before the
clectlon's end. art article appeared in
the quad‘s newspaper in which
Wallace attacked Jurist for stealing
this idea from him.

"She never mentioned that view at
the forum." Wallace sitid."and that's

ALBANY STUDNT PRESS

whyl felt I had been plagiarized.“ He
said that since she had never
previously mentioned that view to
ltim. she must have taken it from
him.

“i knew that this \icw was coming
out in my paper thc next ditv." \ilc
said. "and that's why ldidn‘t say it at
the lorum.“ Jurist also stated that
Bruce Plaxcn. a Colonial Quad
Council rttcinber. testified before the
won that this tictv had been stated
itclorc the iorititt corticitcd.

Accordinglo | issner. Wallace has
lilcd an appeal against the court‘s
decision. llis argument is lltat only
(no ol tltc scicit Supicitic ('otirt
Justices heard tltc ciisc. Wallace I.\
also using itil‘lllt’l class oi ‘7k’ Presi-
dent BCIICCkL‘ il\ a ptcccrtdertl.
lleitccke. who was running tor class
president in Ii _\’ctil's :Igti. \t its ttt'cttscti
til stttlliitg tltc ballot hows llic
Court decided not to
rciitotc liencckc‘s itiiiitc lioiit tltc

Stipicittc

ballot. thus setting the tin) lor
Wallace's appeal.

Jurist said that since llencckc‘s
case was not mentioned at her Stip-
prcrtic Court hcarittg. ll shouldn‘t
serve as precedent.

According to Debbie Ruskin.
Colonial Quad‘s assistant elections
:ominissioncr present at the hearing.
Wallace is agreeing with thclacl that
he was wrong in accusing Jurist dur-
ing the election. " but." she said. "he
feels that Colonial Quad residents
should decide."

PAGE THREE

 

 

a!

 

 

 

 

 

