 

 
  

.w.» “a... «~m,.wd._,... _-~,.-.~.-.h . .  A , . ,

 

 

 

 

 

 

bylrttee Cronin

The CDTA issue is becoming more and
more clear cut. As a direct result of student
pressure. John Hanigan made certain
proposals to change the contract being
drawu up between the University and
CDTA. Only a few of the factors against
signing a contract with CDTA centered
around speciﬁc _clatises such as the
infrequency of buses at cei tain times, and on
certain routes. (especially Washington
Avenue). Hartigan's proposals to CDTA are
to increase the Washington Avenue and late
night service. previously kept to a minimum
in the proposed CD'I'A contract. These
changes. according to Hartigan. will solve
the main problems in signing a CDTA
contract. He does have some of his own
reservations in such issues as the sole source
question and Zone | service.

Although these changes are an
improvement. they fail to touch on the major
issues. nor do they solve the main objections
to a contract with CDTA. The main
obejetions center on issues that can‘t be
solved by any contract. The ﬁrst is the issue
ol control.

.

If we were to sign a contract with CDTA.
control over bus service would he outsidethe
control of the University. speciﬁcally the
students. As long as bus service is being
provided for the the University. the buses
and service is accotitttahle to tlte students
and student needs. When the many problems
with buses arrise. at least siiideiitstand even
administration) eait eonlront uit authority
within the university. which is designed
specifically tor students. rather titan a public
authorin .No contract can gtte the
tiniterstty (or students) control otcr the
('l)'| A buses.

lhc second issue Itl\ttl\cs the Albany
community. llte SUNYA buses already
overcrowded. Merging the community uiid
students into buses. which guarantee only
equivalent sentce. would increase. oi at least
maintain the overcrowding. Students aitd
community members utll be traced to
compete lor seats. ('oniniuuity-studenls
relations are strained.

We are trying to iinprote those relations.

_  Contract  I
Resolve All Issues

   

and forcing competition could only further
antagonize our relations.

Again. mere words in a contract can not
resolve the reality of community-student
overcrowding t

Of course. we can't forget our busdrivers.
A contract can not guarantee adequate jobs
forthe busdrivers. Mr. Hartigan keeps citing
how the law guarantees jobs for the
busdrivers. but admits that it is in the hands
of the state, and thus. the contract won‘t
guarantee our ' usdrivers jobs. Newly
created statejobsfor busdrivcrscaneasilybe
eliminated in a year during one ofthe state‘s
frequent budget cuts.

The inconvenience of checkingstudent lD
Cards is not something that CD'I'A will be
willing to give up. As long as CD’I'A collects
money. they will by necessity require either
the 40c or a student ID. CD'I'A has a poor
record us far as service to the community is
concerned. and also has a sizable deficit.
Signing a contract with such an unstable
authority is ridiculous.

The underlying issue is one of priorities.
ltailing out CD'I'A from their deﬁcit is it
financial priority. Taking into account the
ellect a (‘D’lA takeover would have on the

students. Albany community. faculty and
busdrivers is one of human needs. Mr.
llanigan has already iitdicatcd his priority.
lrying to buy off studeitt opposition with a
Zone l oller does not address the issues ol
otercrowding. loss of control. husdruers. or
needs ol’ the community and the students.
'I he needs and opinions ol the students and
community have been ignored. l‘hose who
are being tillcctcil by the decision are iitit
gncii the opportunity to participate in the
lSNllL'.

Mr. llartigan has tried to coinincc
eieryone that tltcre is nothing that cart he
done. that a contract would he signed despite
student and couinttittityopinion. tactically.
ll is a good way to discourage opposition.
Realistically. there is much pressurctliiit eati
be put on llartigao. and maintained for an
indefinite period of time. If Mr. llartigan
Wishes to ignore the needs and opinions of
the students. btisdrivcrs. and community.
then he must expect oi gum/ed and continual
opposition.

 

 

 

 

 

’0‘}

1
TM-
‘55 V v
on...
\

 

 I 1 rpm:

 

viewpoi n’t

  
  

remy

To the Editor:

The role of the Student Association
President is not simply to react to crises. sign
solicitations permits. or develop new services
or co-ops. He or she must also initiate certain
concepts and proposals. which are inthe long
term interests of the student body. The
Ptesident is elected to assist and utilize the
resources of Student Association in aidingthe
development of such actions and causes.
which he or she believes in.

This year. SUNYA has seen the rise of a
totally new and different movement—the
Student Unionization Movement which seeks
to develop a structure which will best insure
quality education and protect student needs.

Both SA and SUM have unique resources
which can be used to strengthen each other
and work in the best interests ofstudents. To
fail to acknowledge that these resources do
exist and should be shared is completely
unrealistic.

SUM presently has plans to raise funds
through raffles. coffeehouses. and movies. But
until these are implemented. should SUM be
prevented from xeroxing posters and surveys?
Until there is a self-sufﬁcient union it is the
responsibility of Student Association to

continue to provide the necessary resources
for SUM to operate efﬁccntly.

For those who state that Central Council

should not appropriate money to SUM. it
should be noted that the money is not Central
Council's money or even SA‘s. It is student
money. collected from the student tax. From
this money. NYl’lRG receives over 530.000to
politically lobby and ﬁght for student interests
outside the University. Why shouldn't Sl5,00
of this student tax. be used to fund an
organiration (probablythe largest on campus)
to politically lobby and fight for student
interest within the University? There is also no
rettsnn wlty a Central Council representative
or an "SA person" should not participate in
tlte Student Unionization Movement. like any
other student. Should anyone be prevented
from working with an organization dedicated
to advocating student eoncerns‘.’

lhe Student linioniration Movement is an

organization in which the membership must
decide and approve all major policies. actions
and agreements. the Strategy (or Executive
committee) works to coordinate and execute

 

the wishes at theNmemberahip. I am not ..
member of this committee. and none of the
eight members have ever been involved with
Student Association. The role I play is to
simply coordinate activities of SA with those
of SUM.

The ASP stated that “it would be difficult
for Dave Gold to wallt into Student Affairs for
a favor the day after he tied up the phones for
four hours." I realize that many amazing feats
have been attributed to me. but single.
handcdly tying up ISO phones for four hours
straight is not one of them. It is not fair to give
me the credit which rightfully bctongt to
approximately 500 people who participated in
Thursday‘s action. I did not participatein it
(but l heard it wasa lotoffun). It was also very
successful, as was the rest of (‘01 A
Awareness Day.

I was very pleased to see that the ASI’ has
begun to recognize the need for student
unionization. Already we have begun to see
the beneﬁts of such an organization. 5th has
forced open hearings on CDTA. has ptt\lted
for revisions in the proposed contract t/.oiic
One and increased Washington Ave. scult‘e).
has formed a working coalition unit the
CSEA and has established a ginning
awareness of what student unionization Is illl
about. The many people involved in St \I
deserve all the credit tot
accomplishments.

l was recently asked by one student. ll \\ lial
SUM was doing might "weaken" or"muke s.\
less important or poWerl'ul‘t" My response “as
that l was elected to work for the best ltllt'tesl
of students. not simply Student Association
To foil to do so would not be fulfilling the
obligations of the position to which i \\.ls
elected.

lllesc

l)a\t- (told
SA President

“but
condoned

To the Editor:

We would like to address the L'ttllilltt'llls
made in 'I'itesday‘s 'lSl’ by Paul Roseiuhal
regarding the SUM member who '.;ilscl\
identiﬁed himself as a WClm person "

The misrepresentation of oue‘s alliltnitun
with WCDB is certainly disliooesi .iutl
rcgretablc. However. by identifying the .tt'l as
"a student government slteiianigiin.” .Illtl
demanding an apology frotii "the people \\|tII
rtin SUM.“Mr. Rosentlial is ltitttsell |lt\trl\t‘tl

 

       
       
   
      

A Delicate Blend of
umor and Humaiy

   
   
     
     
   
     
     
   
   
   
     
      
    
     
   
     
   
     
     
     
     
    
   
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
   
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
   
 
 
 

V .o. . .
LAW.“

l
.s
5i

 

FEIFFER

  
  

   
 

 

 

 

WTS 6&5
A6 lF “05%
W9 FRIENDS.

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

     
 

 

       

