 

 

 

 

 

In Miirit ltitpptiport and Kevin Iii-lion

On Sept. 24 of this year. the New York
Times exposed controversial evidence
concerning psychological experiments
conducted on the State University campus in

Albany, According to the Times. certain
faculty of the psychology department have
conducted numerous illegal and ethically
questionable experiments on human subjects.
Some of this resetirch involved the highly
controversial practice of administering
electrical shocks to student subjects.

ln response to this allegation. ASP
investigative reporters Bernward and

Woodstein held an indepth interview with one
of the students involved in administering this
research. Due to the highly sensitive nature of
the topic. our source of information chose to
rentaiii anonymous. To protect his/hcr/its
anonymity. these investigative reporters have
assigned otir connection the code name “The
Devil and Miss Jones."

Question: I‘li'ast' describe the nature ufthls
[ititt'tttlullt' dangerous eli'r'lru-shm'k research.
I) and M: Well. first. I beg to differ with your
use of the term “potentially dangerous." I
happen to have witnessed much ofthc testing
in question and found it to be relatively
harmless. l he research was merely a scientific
study itito httrnitn behavioral patterns.

0: For ittstanra."

I) and M: ()ne experiment was a relatively
innocent study of ()perant Conditioning. To
study the play patterns of children. we put a
six year old boy in a room with two toys to
choose trim: a bright-red 'l'onka lire engine
(with real hoses and removable ladder) and a
week-old slab ol codfish. 'l'he.question was.
"Which toy will little Johnny play with?“

Q: ll'cll. tilt... obviously. the I/I‘l'l’ engine.
I) and M: 'l'hiit's where the experimental part
comes iii. You see. we wircdilicl'irc engine to a
10.000 volt electrical source. In this way. we
hoped to subtly inﬂuence the child‘s behavior.
0: l:\'l-'I.l/I;'.V('I;'.' )‘ott prohahh' lllll‘lll‘l/ Iti.\'
limit/J at]!

I) iitid M: In any scientific research there are
botttid to be sortie side-ellccls. lint that didn‘t
stop little Johnny from beingti happy. healthy
tmalid. Although it is too bad he didn‘t like
tltc codlislt first...cause he sure likes it now.

Q: And you rlun't .\'(‘(‘ Iltt‘ inhcrcnt littrni iii
t/ittti‘.’

I) and M: Scents rather innocuous to itie. As
one ol the lticttlty phrased it. “'l'hcy [the
cspcrattcnts] cart otily be described as

uncomfortable." rather than...tban...
Q: Pu/ti/itll’ Harm/it]? Dangerous? Lethal?
D and M: I.E'l‘HAI.l 'l'hat‘s it good word. It's
more uncomfortable than lethal. -
Q: But Devil. hair can .i'ousay that without
having' experienced the short-end of there
experiments Lroursrl/I’
D and M: But I did. You see. as an
undergraduate psych major I have to
voluntarily participate in these as part of my
darts requirements.
0: But if they‘re required. how can it be
voluntary." v
D and M: Very simple. We‘re required to
volunteer. But we do have a choice its to which
tests'we participate in. We can choose from
anywhere between 50 volt research up to the
maximum l0.000 volt studies. of course. the
higlter the voltage the higher your grade. Grad
students get to use the high-tension wires.
0: What kind of experiments were you a
suit/artfor?
D and M: Let‘s see. Time was the eye-hand
coordination study. 'l‘hat‘s where a subject
cleans the dust out of an electrical socket with
a wire coat-hanger. This experiment studies
how well a person can utilize his motor skills
when l itccd withthc possibility of becoming an
AC adaptor.
Q: And liow'tl .l'tlll rlo."
D and M: Want me to recharge your
calculator?
Q: Uh. what other tarts were there?
D and M: There was the lighttiingrod-in-the-
storm experiment and the electric-guitar-in-
the-bathtub experiment.
0: What \l't‘l't' Ilii'so suppose to last?
I) and M: Sheer gullibilityl
Q: l'oumcan...
D and M: Exactly. Anyone who‘s stupid
enough to do those things deserves to be
shocked. Bill everyone keeps harping on tltc
bad points of electric shock testing.
0: Has this research had any lasting charts on
your life .tlltt't‘ than."
1) and M: Not at all. I‘mjiist as sane as anyone
whose undergone elcctro-shock therapy.
Ahhh....luicy Fruit.
0: Ilut what about the claim that these tests
ll't‘l‘t' t'ttlit/llt'lt’t’ hr persons totqua/i/iarl to
administer .l'lltlt‘lt'A' and other tar-linir/ucx."
l) and M: lhrit‘s categorically incorrect. We
only litre licenced ttitiott electricians to
conduct otir psychological testing. All our
experiments are well-done...and so are otir
subjects.

 

5 seem
i wees”

‘ (:26
the mm
5‘! THE
VEHEMEMT
Rst's
tust' ‘rltts

F
rhining

 

 

 

 

 

 

W

BOT ’lll6 l

VlElDER MILL

T NM

ZAPEK‘s WHO
0k)

' l L
TlOl-MLISH .

io-z “17.18%.

_ reel r_
 culprit?

To the [Milan

I would like to differ with the ASP:
editorial on Tuesday identifying the Division
of the Budget as "the Real Culprit" in the
CD‘I‘A hll'd takeover. The ASPis quite right in
pointing out that the DOB_ is. applying
considerable pressure on the' SUNYA
administration topegotiate with CDT/t.

However. you are misguided in ﬁxing the
blame on DOB. and by exclusion letting
others “off the book." The SUNYA
ad ministration. represented by Vice President
for Management and Planning. John
Hartigan. hits the responsibility for
negotiating on behalf of President O'Leary
and the stittc. Consequently. the fitte of the
green buses is now in his hands. Mr. llartigun
arrogantly drove this point home himself
wltcn be indicated at the hearings that if the
contract appeared suitable to him. he would
sign it t‘l't‘ll if he li'llt'll’ that thc alibr'teil
.t'lltt/(‘III.\' oppnrr'rl it..

Perhaps unintentionally the ASl’alluded to
a major reason why we must ttot have it shift of
control ol the bits serrtcc front the university
to L'l)’lA. 'lltis inch would rcdticc the
student's capacity for input oit the buses from
its current minimal level to hopeless and
frustrating attempts to confront a large and
iiitpcrsotuil public authority.

Yes Iltlll deserves “our wrath“ but we
must lix responsibilin for thoughtless
decisions on the local lech where it belongs.
Mr. llat'tigan must get ti rush of student
auger and soon.

Bob Cohen

bio
experiment

To the Editor:

I am seeking guidance iii a problem which
has not faced mc previously. As you know. the
faculty has been ordered to terminate
immediately any research involving humans.
particularly if unsupported by external grants.
iiitlcss approved by a special comrttittcc.

l atti deeply committed to a project

 

{FEIFFER

801: 3 reggae 0F

involving the learning process. in which I

utilize [50 persons jl‘rom a special group
(Biology majors). These are subjected to an
alternating sequence of pleasurable
experiences (my - brilliant lectures) and
traumatic episodes (exams). Careful
measurements ,fll’t: made and the results are
subjected to precise mathematical analysis.
This is followed by publication( transcripts), i
might sa‘ythat my longlist of publications has
not been followed by any professional
recognition for me. unfortunately.

Ingorder to be granted permission to
continue these experiments. I must meet a
number of criteria. which include:

(“Explain the rationale for using special
groups such as prisoners. children. the
mentally disabled. etc. I really can't say \vltya
group of SUNYA inmates should he exposed
to my lectures.

(2) Assess any potential risks  physical.
psychological. social. etc. I have a problctit
here. Some students have gone blind lront
looking at so many slides iii a dark room. and
many. especially prc-mcds. have had complelc
mental breakdowns when l have given them
H‘s Instead ol A's. l’crhaps tltcsc prohlt-rtu
could be alleviated it I were to stop talking
dttring a slide presentation. so that the
st tiderits could sleep. (iirtng A‘s to everyone
might help also. fortunately. I don't envision
arty social problems witlnn a coeducational
group shttt tip iii ti dark room.

Any suggestions asto how I should iniprotc
the Ionian of my experiments Will he
gratel tilly received.

Richard S. llriuser
Professor at lliologi

repair
ripott

'l o the Editor:

Recently ttty watch was repaired .rr
Htitywsnnl .lewclci's. lliey told me the uni
estimate nits tltt'cctlollrirs. In lticl. wheiil neat
to pick up the watch. the charge Iorthc I'L‘]1itll
\tas thirteen dollar's. lltis a gross injustice.
especially to a college student who has lllllllt‘tl
litiancitil resources.

Anyone who intends to do business \lllll
this store sltotild be aware of this incident. In
the lultit'c. l rccoititttcttd that the pctsoti
obtain a written i'cccipt guaranteeing a ltml
price hclore any work is done. In case ol .||l\
tinlorsccn price increase. tltc store should hr
required to notily the customer (helttte -l|l\
reparations are tirade). llport tippi'mnl l)\ the

 

 

 

SEXSE T AND
WT

 

 

 

 

 

m»v—.—~rw.““ ‘

I‘ll-

s...u4i.

r-r—‘i-

an”... i..

 

 

Imprisoned
In Brazil

~.  a

_ I

if.

r'._-.‘

,tt


I
g

 

A._.‘ w

«V; “van: ’5‘-
. ~ ~

u.

.v; ‘1.”."? ~-.....;

In.

«my A _

«1.

. . .u‘a

 

