  
   
   
   

thrill?! Iii-l9. . . W n“ .

e Council of the College of Arts and Sciences

cha ged the' committee‘onAesdemlc Programs
dine-undergraduate degrees" and to

 

  

  

 
  
  

 
 

I r dppt’elble difﬁculty should it accept thecharge: after

After a meeting with
ry 25. 1976). CAP foresaw

completion of the task. it was highlyprobable that
there would no longer exist. within the College of
Arts and Sciences. a' lepl body which could discuss
CAP‘s report and eventually implement its
, recommendations. because it'appeared likely that
h 'College would be split up into three separate

 

 
 

 
 

  
  

 

 

 

 

 

Executive Committee of the Council of the College
of Arts and Sciences. suggested to President Fields
the appointment of a new committee to study the
problem. President Fields agreed and on May II.
’ l976. appointed the following faculty members. all

former CAP members. to a Special Carttntitlee to

Stephen Del.ong (Geology Dept). Burt Levy
(Music Dept.). Frederic Moore (French Depm).
Hajimu Ogawa (Mathematics Dcpt.). Raymond
Ortali (French Dept.t. Maurice RiebterlSociology
Dept.). Richard Tcevan (Psychology Dept.).
Marianne Williams (Anthropology Dept.).
Raymond Ortali. former Chairperson of CAP.
agreed to serve as Chairperson of SCRUE.

On September 29. I976. Robert Frey. then
Assistant Dean for Undergraduate Studies. was
appointed by President Fields as "administrative
liaison" and recorder for SCRUE. The Committee
unanimoust agreed toeonsider Frey a full member.
On January 27. l977. President Fields appointed
Donald ltunis. University Registrar. to replace
Robert Frey. who had left the University. The
Committee unanimously agreed to consider Bunisa
full member.

an undergraduate student. lra Zimmerman. as
'mentbcr of thc (ommittee. In November I976. the
Uniicrsity Senate asked the President to add three
undergraduate students. Accordingly. on
Notcmbcr 23. l97b. President Fields appointed
James Aronol'l‘. l’aul Birnbaum and Brian Sands.
Without formally resigning. Paul Birnbaum ceased

‘ ttr attend after a few meetings. In the Committee.
student’incmbcrs had exactly the same status and
the same toting rights as faculty members.

‘lhe trtculty and the administrative members of
the Committee wish to acknowledge the
contribution ol the student members to its work:
their genuine concern for the problems discussed.
the Irein perspectives which they brought. as well as
their spirit of cooperation.

'I'Illi ('UMMI'I'I'EE‘S (‘HARGE

l’rcsidcnt l‘iclds discussed the Committee's
charge in three memos (Ma) ll. September 7 and
()ctobcr IX, I976). to quote lrtim these memos:

"Included in thc charge will be review of the
bat rlaurcatc degree programs with the possibility
ul rccommcndatiom wlticlt would lead to greater
degree structure . . . witlt rr general view toward
rrsscssorcnt ol ll’Cslt uaysin which tltc cxcitcmcnts of
the liberal learning may be prescn ed and fostered"
(Ma) ll. 107m. " . , with lirst attention to the
breadth principal ol lihcral learning interpretations
vrlrrch nra_\ or should be gncrr ll iritlic contemporary
\Illlillltlll. and rccornmctrdatorm for its stronger
addrcn."t()ctober lit. I976). Commenting on the
conversion ol the tltrcc Divisions to Colleges. tlrc
I’rcudcitt \trtrtc' "Wcalso still need to be sciisttticto
tltc need Ior rcsolirng Jurisdictional confusion in
an) curricular areas which oicrlap the three
collcgcs. Curricular coordttratron is needed
especially to proirdc tor an adequate gcncral
-: ation at the undergraduate letel. in losth
interdisciplrnary .IClt\ll). and to avoid duplication
ol courses" (memo to_ the three deans \Hlll cop) to
SCRUlz. October 15. |‘)7b).

it should be noted that S('l{lll€'s charge was
conlincd to thclorrner College ol Arts and Sciences.
"ll the Committee extends its attcrrtrorr to the
utidcrclass curricula oi prolcssional schools. it
slroirld be with .rpprotal of the Undergraduate
('ouncrl" (President l-relds' memo. October I8.
1976). SCRUl: dccrdcd not to request such an
extension. although it itrtght be conceitable lot the
University goicrnance bodies which will review
SCRUP's rcptrrt to do so.

Before SCKUl’ could start its work. a
preliminary problem had to be solved. lloth the
President and the Committee were aware of tbelact
that. most recently during the academic year I975-
76. the Curriculum Committee of the UAC. as well
as EI'C. had already done a serious amount of work
on the problem. In order to avoid duplication. the
President suggested (his mcmo of September 7.
I976) an earlyjoint meeting of UAC and SCRUli.
This meeting took place at the end of September.
and. on October 1. I976. Barbara Rotunda.
Chairperson, UAC. and Raymond Ortali.
Chairperson. SCRUE. jointly sent to President
Fields the following agreement betWeen the two

 

 

 

bodies: .

(llThe “Committee to review the Undergraduate
Experience will be the only committee examining
the “undergraduate academic experience" as
presented by the College of Am and Sciences and as
mandated by your letter. All work previously done

 

til the subject by the Curriculum Committee of the

PAGE 6A

.UAC-a

Therefore. Arnold Foster. Chairperson of the V

Review the Undergraduate Experience (SC R U E): '

On October 5. I976. President Fields appointed.

 

 

_ .I. by EPC will be given careful.
consideration. . I “ - ‘
4(2)» (a) The “Committee to Review the
Undergraduate Experience" will carry out its
mission as an independent body. (b) However. it

acknowledges the fact that its future report will have V
, to be reviewed and discussed. by 'various governing -

bodies before possible implementation of ~ its
recommendations. Keeping in mind thesetwo facts.
the “Committee to Review the' Undergraduate
Experience" wilp function as a “special committee"
of UAC. since UAC is the first governing body

which will review its report. The chairperson of the»

“Committee to Review the. Undergraduate
Experience" will become a'member of UAC and will
therefore be able to keep UAC regularly informed
on the committee's progress. 0n the other hand. the
“Committee to Review the Undergraduate
Experience." having (as) been appointed by you(b)
for ‘an’ indeﬁnite period (as opposed to the UAC.
ﬁlms; mandate coincides with the academic year).
will issue its future report to you and will makethe
report public before ofﬁcial review by other
governing bodies.

President Fields approved the plans(his memoof
October lli. l976) and added: “ Perhaps it would be
user at for the Special Committee to relate along the
way to the three provisional councils. because it will
be thesetbrec faculties which will havetodelivcrthe
discrete courses or services that make up the
substance of any format for breadth.“ Pursuant to
these Suggestions. Chairperson Ortali appeared
twice during spring semester. I977. before the
Executive Committee of the Council ofthe College
of Humanities and Fine Arts to discuss the progress
of SCRUE‘s work. Ortali offered to the
Chairpersons of the corresponding bodies in the
College of Social and Behavioral Sciences and the
College of Sciences and Mathematics to appear
before these committees. The Chairpersons did not
take advantage of the offer.

From October. I976. to April. l977. Ortali
reported on the progress of SCRUE's work at each
UAC meeting.

Finally. in his memo of September 7. I976.
describingthc Committee‘s charge; President Fields
alluded tothe implementation ofthe proposalsto be
offered by SCRUE: “Once the study is completed
there will be a need for a standing body—«a
University committee or a council of the Senate 7
which will have permanent responsibility for
formulating policy for general education." SCRU E
has chosen not to make any specific proposal
concerning such a body.

WORKING PROCEDURES

The Committee met at an average of once a week
lor September. l976. to May. I977. Most of the
meetings up to March. I977. consisted ofdiscussion
of background material (Set: Appendix l} and of
comments from the University community (See
Appendix II).

lloweicr. from February on. each member ofthe
Committee expressed his. her own opinion in
"around the table tours“ and in memos to the whole
Conrmittce. At the beginning of April. the
chairperson presented a document outlining all
proposals made by members of tire Committee or
contained in outside documents.

On April I2. the "Middlebury College Plan" has
Cllthrll b) a straw \otc as the plair which ntost
closcl) corrolatcd with the Committee‘s current
thinking ("A return to llrcadtb." the New
hlrdtflcburt Curriculum. May. I‘l7fit llrc
Mrddlcbur) plan called Ior each student "to take
one specially designed and controlled loundatiorts
L'ttllt\L‘ liorii caclr til Iltrec academic
drirsrons social sctcticc. natural scicricc.
burnantlrcs and languages. during lits itcr lll'\l two
years at Mrddlcbnr)“ and to "dciisc and complete a
concentration. [lL'fllilp\ iiiterdisctpltirzri). and
iii .rtr .rtca sulhllllllllii) drllcrcnt lrortt that ol hrs
itinpri " from this point on. using the \liddlchut)
plan .is .t gtudc. tlic coritnrrttcc. through a series ol
til\t‘lt\sltitl\ culminating in straw \otcs. ptcptttcd its
own prclimiirai) proposal. Ihc lituil \ctsrorr tsas
written by a subcommittee and approved by the
“hole coitiniittcc.

lliis proposal was sent as a incntu to all laciilti
and administrators ot the Collcgc ol Arts and
Sciences. and published as":\it Open letter" by the
:lh/‘on Ma) (r. 1077. The document irtdtcatcdttto
\\.t}s to react to the ('omtrirttcc's proposals

(at to send a written statemcnt tothe Committee‘s
chairperson b) May 20. W77 The Committee
rccciicd I‘) written responses (See Appendix IV)

(blto attend an open meeting on May IO. l977.atr
7:30 pm. tn the Campus Center Assembly Hall.
t llte meeting was also advertised by posters.) The
open meeting was attended by approxuualcly 25
persons. the majority ol whom were students in
general. comments ltcard at the meeting paralleled
those rcccrtcd irr writing. (See Appendix lV) As will
be ctrdcrit iii the second part of this report. the
Committee has taken into consideration man) of
the comments and suggestions which were given it
by faculty members. students and administrators.
'l he Committee wishes to express its deep gratitude
to all of them.

PART ll

Proposal. Recommendations and Rationale

In answer to the President's charge. the
Committee undertook a review ofthe baccalaureate
degree program to determine offurther structuring
might be advisable in the interest of fostering the
spirit of liberal learning. The President had
requested that we give our first attention to “the

breadth principle of liberallearning’ﬂand to “its
proper,interpretationsjn 'the- context  the
contemporary situation: in higher education. The
Committee interpreted the phrase' “breadth
principle of , liberal learning“ to mean. “those
elements which fprovide‘ for drversll'icttonulof
disciplines pursued) within a program of learning.
and whi‘eh'distinguish a liberal arts degree from
more specialized degrees..' In effect. SCRUE was
asked to‘ consideria possible return to some fornt of
“general education.“ an issue currently being

debated at colleges and universities-throughout the '

country. ' ' .

V The Committee reviewed the' conditions 'of
academic life institutions of higher education prior
to I970 when “general education.‘ was embodied in
the curriculum as an imposed set of distribution
requirements. These. combined. with courses
required for the major and second field. dominated
the student's overall undergraduate program. At
that time. faculty determined what a student should
be exposed to in the liberal arts in order to bear the
baccalaureate credential “with all of the rights and
rpivilegcs accorded thereto." We contrasted these
conditions with the ideological. philosophical and
social inﬂuences which dominated the late I960‘s
and early l970’s. and which led tothcabolition ofall
or most distribution requirements. This turnabout
in faculty/student prerogatives left each student
virtually free to build his/her own baccalaureate
program. We took-into consideration the “tenston
bctwcenlthe claims for structure in the student
curriculum. on one side. and th'e'idesire to,make
students feel some responsibility for the fashioning
of their own course study on the other." (Yale
University-7 Report ‘ofthe President  1976—77l- we
assessed these extremes against present and
projected student needs. We supposed that a highly
structured model of a general education curriculum
would neither serve the diverse needs and
expectations of today‘s undergraduates. nor would
it be welcomed by them. On the other band. we felt
that the storm rpm. with its almost total absence of
structure. promoted neither diversification nor “the
excitement of liberal learning." it seemed to us that
"structure" was only one of many elements in the
undergraduate experience Willi which we needed to
be concerned. antl therefore. we decided to develop
a paradigm til undergraduate education in its ideal
form in order to identify and recrcss other
signiﬁcant elements.

We decided to approach this task by identifying
the ideal characteristics of a liberally educated
person and then attcrrrpt to dcftnethcways in which
the University could help its undergraduates in
rcall/c their importance. For students; the
acquisition of these characteristics would be“goals“

"‘ttrWards which they would strive during their
undergraduate careers and. hopefully. beyond.

What. then. are the characteristics of a“libera|ly
educated person“? After surveying'litcrature front
several colleges and universities and sampling
opinion from this campus. the 'Committee
sytithcsi/ctl the following statement of goals for it
lrbcrally cdtrcated person:

A Liberally litlueated l’erson Should:

I. be able to read with understanding and to
think. speak and write with precision. clarity and
coherence:

2. be able to eiztluatc inlormalron and criteria
tlhlt‘clhi) lll lorrnrilrrtrrrg decisions and critical
Judgment;

.1. hate critical appreciation ol lllt: ways in which
in: gain knowledge and understanding til the
tinnctsc. ol \thlL‘l). .tltd trl otrrscltcs.

J Itatcsonictintlcrstandrrrgol. antlc\pcrtcnccrn
tltiiikritg about. rrrotal llltti critical problems;

5 be able to transcend personal cxpcrrcncc and
culture. lltl\t' :r perspcclnc that is rittctriational in
st'tlllt‘: lr.r\c a London rt) with the past not a \t\ttitt ol
lltc lrrtriic:

(i .rclrrctc depth in some Itcld ol knowledge.

7 ilL'tlllilL‘ a lasting l.tstc it” the stimulation and
rciiards :tllortlctl ht \cnturrrig irrto llL'\\ ltclds or
ncu irrodcs ol lllt|llll\.

K. tlctelop a c;ip.tcrt_\ tor the crcrrtrtc and
intelligent use ol Icistrrc lllllt:

We acknowledge that scckrirg to actuate thus..-
goals “Hill” an institution wlticlr enrolls more that
9000 undergraduate sllltictth cacti academic
session will be tlrllictrlt. Although ottr ndirtrssiuns
program has consrstcntl) brought ltigli caliber
st udcirts to campus. the Cotiuriittcc rccogtti/cs that
among tlicsc students. there is stgnrfrcrrnt diicrsity
ol educational. social and cultural backgrounds.
needs and expectations. intelligence and individual
motivation. We do believe. howclv , that these
drllcrcnccs cart bc accurriodated stiflrciently Within
the considerable resources ol this Unit/gnu). m
permit cacti student to work toward the goals at a
liberal education.

the relationship between the student and that
complex ol laculty. stall. adtrtrrristrators Iacrlitres.
WUHHIIM- regulations and processes which
comprise "the University" was an important
element itr ottr thinking. We have attempted in take
thmdlcliccuEdam" pressures of the present/lite
_ _ V  . student and parental concern
Lizggégidclrkanjfm'vul‘lldr'gruduttlitrtt. state fiscal
condition; and my“? UlilLtlptitl the lives. working
we“ in upon me “on? ‘ ofrvcrsityie'tnployces. as
we “Tomi/e "ml: m trap the institution itself.

V .. ese Ltmdlllofls have created
stress Within the rrelationship which tends to
interfere With the Unrversitymission. The essence of
our goal statements and subsequent
recommendation: is that the institution must
somehow counteract these pressure; it i. i, m

   

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

    

 
 
  

provide successfully “...a structure and an

atmosphere within which undergraduates can arrive

at a thoughtful sense of the world and of their own
abilities.”

Like our colleagues at Cornell University. who
have recently'dealt with the issue of returning to
general education. the Committee assumed in."
“ . . . college is a .place where students discover
what they can do well. and where they are
encouraged to deﬁne their talents and to develop
them in a concentrated way." We also assumed that
“ . . . college is where students are led to a certain
self-consciousness about that discovery an 1 comcto
raise questions about the relationship the"
particular talents bear to other forms of knowledge
and action.z '

The proposal which follows stipulates a new
requirement to be met by students; but of ennui
importance, it implies a new commitment from the
University as Well. Later. we shall discuss this
implication in the form of recommendations as [it
what the University should do ill the areas ot
curricular review. course development. lCilL‘llllltl.
advisement and a renewed emphasis on writing

The thrust ofthis proposal is to assure that each
student receiving a DA. or BS. degree in the Arts
and Sciences will have been exposed to a Vllt‘lt'l) ol
disciplines during his/her studies. We believe that
diversification within the total degree program is
essential to liberal learning We also feel that
imposing a monolithic structure of spccilicd coursc
requirements upon all undergraduates in the name
of diversification is not the best way to ctlctrurngc
thc procrss of self-discovery and scll-dcliniuon
among a heterogeneous st trdent population
Therefore. We have attempted to structtrrc a general
education requirement which would losrt-r

. exploration in the disciplines with minimal

restrictions upon the student's choice of L'lllllsL'H
within the degree program.

There was general agreement within the
Committee ‘cnncerningthc student‘s right to Choose
courses freely from each college's offerings rn
fulﬁllment ofthe requirements. It should be noted.
however. that 'thc recommendation ol lltc
Committee for a total of lll'credits be carried outside
the student‘s major was not unanimous. l-orn
Committee members (J.Aronol'l'. R.()rt:rlr.
B.Stinds. LZimmerman) preferred a total at t.‘
credits. In addition. 8. Sands was opposed “to these
requirements being applied to students \Hllt .r
combined major and second field.“ Ariollrct
member (M.Richter) expressed opposition to not
requirement. including the one proposed ahow to
thc Committee (sec his statement iii Appendix M

RECOMMENDATIONS

No matter ltow one defines the minrmal crctlrt
parameters of currictil‘rr "breadth." protrdrrr;
diversilication is not necessarily sufficient to loslct

PRO

   
 
 
 
 

These credits may be

 
  

  

  

   

Don Bumt's'

  

ADI/8

 

()I'

   

The Editor-in— Chief
Albany Student Press
Campus Center 329

 

 

  
  
 
 

 

The Committee propo
regulation to be adop
requirements for all und
degree programs offered o
within the arts and scienc

“Each student must eat
the two colleges outside 0

developed ‘University co
particular interest to the -

Please direct all rcspunnas IU llll’

  

Member and Recon/er o/ f “m”

  
 
   
 
  
 
   

by Thomas Martello

Construction of SUNYA‘s new
FM radio station is expected to
begin early October and the station
could be on the air by the end ofthis
semester.

"I‘m hesitant about making
predictions." said station general
manager Paul Rosenthal. “But the
way it looks now. there is it better
than even chttncethat we‘ll be ontbe
air by the end of the semester."

Rosenthal saidtliat the station has
“almost working blueprints“ for
construction of new studios. a
control room. production room.
ricws roont. engineering room and
record library.

“We will soon ht: speaking to a
number of building contractors."
said Rosentluil, “The estimate ofthe
architects who were consulting
(Harris Sandcrsdt Co.) isthtit we cart
hate it btrilder in and working by
October and construction should
not take ntore than one month.“

The new radio station will be
called WCDB the call-letters
standing for “Capital District
Broadcasting" W and will be found

at Tech Hifi.

Illririg your SUN YA ID card and this coupon for an extra l0% off
arty ptrrclrase of arty stereo headphone. phonocartridge. needle,
'blartk tape or record maintenance accessory in stock.

Ilmrrl l [ll‘r ("us-(miter
IU/lr'l‘ t'r/u'rt't Sir/II. ll), I977

 

Come play the Pioneer
SX-450 at Tech Hifi. You'll
discover an elegantly-styled high per-
formance am/fm stereo receiver at a
very attractive price.

Pioneer is just one of 70 brands
of quality stereo equipment on display

The store where you can play
stereo, not just look at it.

tech hiﬁ

Soundr'ooms you can play in.

memes:m--—-—-_--—ﬂ-—---

 Canstructioll to  

at 90.9 on the FM dial.‘ .

The station will broadcast on a
frequency of ten watts which will
cover a listening radius of about 5 to
7 miles. ‘

“We won‘t know for sure how
many miles it will be until we‘re
actually broadcasting" said
Roscnthal. “We estimate that with
the city of Albany and its
surrounding areas. we could reach
up to 200.000 people.“ A seventeen
foot antenna will be constructed
atop Mohawk Tower in an effort to
reach a maximum amount ofpeople.

The reality of an FM station at
SU NYA has come about after a long
and frustrating battle which began
nine years ago. The efforts that led to
a construction permit began in
January l975 and the Federal
Communications Commission
granted final permission January of
this year.

Since l9(r3. SUNYA has had an
AM radio station. WSUA.
According to Rosentlttrl and chief
engineer Ira (ioldstcin. the AM
station will be used as a training
station for new members.

     

  

GD PIONEER

\

 

1

Estimates of the total
cost of construction are about
830.000. The station-was given a
S|0.000 grant
Association and‘a $5.000 grant from
University Auxiliary ServiceslUAS)
this spring. “The University
(Department ofthe Budget) made a
commitment for either' funds or
building materials." said Rosenthal.
“That remains lobe seen.“

A broadcast format has yet to be
finalized for the infant station. I

“We will be‘a class D educational
facility." said (ioldstcirr. “We can't
advertise commercially. We will
apply for some grants.“

(,ioldstcin said that the new studio.
which will have its main facility in
CC 3l5. will be large enough for live
on the air recordings.

from, Student'

 

 

This scene or partlere tn the sunshlne at last May's Spdnglest ll
sure to be repeated at Unlverstty Concert Board‘s tree outdoor
concert toaturtng Soutbstde Johnny and the Asbury'Jukcs
along wlth the Dingoes tomorrow at 12:30 pm.

ursmowrs rsco'ss ,

 
   
     
  
  
  
  

 

 

Search Committee Sets Deadline

r'unlirlut'r/frmn page IllI‘t’t‘
the University Council members on
the search committee.

“The process is at such an early
stage at this point that we have to
wait and see what applications come
in.“ said student committee member

 

 

 

  
 
  
 

40 li‘uller Road

(2 blocks front Colonic (‘errterl

<01

l’aul Feldman.
Chesin said the committee had

already received “a handful" of

applications. and that during the last
search “about 300 candidates were
considered“ before Fields was
selected.

 
 

Along with mailings. Chesinsaid.
the committee plans to advertise in
national magazines. An ad will be
placed in the Chronicle of Higher
Ediications. trnd. according to
Fcldman. another might appear in
The New York Times.

  

Double cross

the common crowd. 1
DOS EQUIS

The uncommon import
with two X’s for a name.

  

._______—-Clip & Save-___—————-

With This Coupon
LARGE .CAHPET...SAMPLE§

 

59.2..

l._R_ens|§.rts.9_9‘_es.ca_____

Make Your Own Rug With Carpet Samples!
6' X 9' rug only costs only $9.44 - 9' X 12’ rug costs only $18.80
Also, bargain remnants from 12’ X 3’ to 12’ X 30’.

EARPET
REMNANT Efﬂ.

 
    
 

 
   
 

18" X 27”

- «mgw

.Coupon exotres
_9_/1_7L7l__

b—-—--———-

      
 
 

s

  

 

 

 

 

489-1234

   

Mon. - li‘rl. l0-9:30 . 3
Sat lll-(r;Suit l2-5' 

 

 

PPTEMBER 2, 197/

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

pass: savﬁn

 

 
   

       

 
  
 
   
   
  
  
 
     
   
      
   
   
     

        
   
 
 
   
   
   
     
    
    
   
  
       
   
    
 
 
   

 
     
    
 

 

r
y
i-
A’4

r:—

‘MH r.;~m wu‘
A p it

 

 

 

