  
 

     
    
   
   
     
 
       
 
     
 
 
 

. one”-

 

 

 

 

lilte Mexico and Columbia.

\ to‘come by.

By JONATHAN HODGES
Ami newt. HERMAN

l. tollowintv article has been
written for all those people who

have ever thought about grotving
marijuana but thought they never could.
The basic information was obtained
through interviews with several Albany
State students who have successfully
raised indoor cannabis.
the procedure outfitted has proved
successful in the past. 1 he article is by no
means advocating the cultivation of a
substance which is illegal to possess.
but. . .

Germination

Okay. it‘s time to start growing your
own cannabis. 'l he first concern that faces
a beginner is the selection of seeds.
Almost everyone who has grown pot
indoors recommends using seeds from the
best grass that you have ever smoked.
While there are those who contend that
seeds from homegrown plants are faster
growers. it is the general consensus that
you can‘t grow good weed unless you start
with good weed.

Do not now go out and by a nickel of
star Panama Red. to grow indoor
cannabis. you need to start with a lot of
seeds. Settle for a better count on some
cheaper gold. and you‘re ready to begin.

Wrap the seeds in wet paper towels or
newspaper (the ASP makes a perfect

Ah. life. Man helping fellow man to the wonders of the weed. if you
think aboout it. that joint you’re about to light has probably been the
product of tender loving care' by some nice chaps in far-away places

   

The interdependence of people is a beautiful thing to think about.

But alas. with the budgets of students, that ounce mightknot be so easy

When Pamma red becomes something one only can dream about,
and Colombian gold no longer is within reach, the time has come for

home for initial germination). Place the
wrappcd‘sccds in a warm. dark place.
That empty bottom drawer of the spiffy
dresser that comes with an Albany State
room will do fine.

The time it takes for seeds to germinate
varies depending upon the type of seed.
the amount of' heat it receives. etc. Just
play it cool and sit dreaming about what
the finished product will look like. Check
the seeds every day. if nothing happens
within a week. chuck them out. Buy some
more weed and this time. take out the

some official Albany State green.

Becoming a cultivator of cannibas not only can save you money
but it also makes. for interesting times. So whatin you can get more
blbwn out on oregeno than your first crop! It's your crop. you raised
it from little seeds and watched it mature into something you can ht:

proud of.

~ The next crop might even be better. Below are a few tips for
beginning grass growers. Good luck. and let‘s hope there’s a harvest

you‘ll never forget.

seeds before you smoke the pot-.7

in most cases. the seeds wrll begin to
germinate within a day or two. Unless
you‘re really low on seeds. plant about 40
or 50 and take only the it) or lSseeds that
germinated the fastest. You will ﬁnd that
these seeds will grow the fastest.

Planting

One morning you jump out of bed.

'open that bottom drawer and smile down

upon a bunch of tiny little pot sprouts.

Congratulations. you're a father li'. little
to give the little fellows a new llttlllL‘

While you can plant the ‘~i‘ltitlls
directly into a small pot and tailct
transplant them. one way to .i.  :hr
danger ofshocking the plants is: ~t.ivr
them in those tiny compressed in .2 - rm
pellets that are sold in all lttllst'i'~

Place the pellets in a shallow p.i:. !' 3
about an inch of water into the :u.‘ .tl a
watch the pellets expand se\ct,. r-zm
their original size.

Poke a hole in the peat moss .m or 't

 

 

 

 

When the seeds germinate. place the sprouts Into
compressed peat moss and (net add water.

 

When roota appear through the peat moss mesh. place
the moss. plant and all. Into its permanent home.

 

 

 

- Photos by

Anthony Tassarotti

quarter of an inch‘ deep. and‘place the
sprout into the hole with its Foot pointing
up. '
.When you see roots beginning to come
through the sides ofthe pellet. it is time to
place the plant in its permanent home.

Soil is important. To run outside with a
shovel is no good. lfa dog hasjust taken a
leak on the dirt that you‘re scooping up its
pH is probably acid as hell and your
plants will die. He rt big shot. if you‘re
going to save $35 onthe ounce that you‘re
growing. spend the lousy five dollars to
get the right soil.

;./\‘ny kind ofasandy soil withapH near
 tral schn willwork okay. lfcanna is
growing has by now turned intoa favorite

past‘imcand you want to get fancy. you
can buy a pH soil test kit. its a pleasant.
li'armlcss way to spend an evening when
you don‘t have the .cash to buy that
pitcher at the Rat. .

Place the soil in a large pot. Metal
waste paper baskets will do fine. Punch a
few holes in the bottom and you're all set.
Too small a container will stunt the
plant’s growth. The larger pailthe better.

Pitt the entire pcllct.plant and all. into
thesoil. Caution should be excercised
when watering your plant. Makcsurc the
soil near the roots is not too wet. If you
find that the soil is constantly soggy.
punch a few more holes in the garbage
pail to achieve better drainage.

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

rampbail Super Bong.

 

 

  

To successfully g'row cannabis Indoors requires a
minimum of space, time. and money. A set-up similar to plants so they will grow full and buahy. Height in riot as

the one above provides everything necessary to produce

Lighting

This next section is devoted to plant
lighting. While natural light is great for
your spider plant. if you have any
intention of getting a decent plant before
tltc end of a semester. artifical light is the
only real course of ziction.

The fluorescent grow lamps are the
best. The lamp fixture should be
suspended so that the bulb rests about an
inch from seedlings andtwo inches above
growing plants. 'A

The next question is. “How tnuclt light
do I give my plants?“ For the first few
weeks. give the plants 24 hours a day of
light. Then a decision has to be made. if
you continue the light. the plants will
continttc growing btit will not flower. If
you move to 12 hours of light a day. the
plant will flower in about 210 2% months.

Since it is the buds where the most
concentration of resin lies. it would
certainly be nice to have a flowering
plant. But! One must consider the fact
that the birds from an immature two
month old plant are not as good as the
leaves front a three month old plant
(which is really what yott would have if
yotr had left the light on the plants 24
hours a day).

'l he decision is yours. l‘ltlltt tltc people
that \vc'\c talked to. the fccltrtg is keep the
light on tile plants all the lllltL‘. lts \\ttl‘llt
sacrificing the buds for the added lictght
and foliage

Plant Care

feeding of tour
lttipoltattl

file one and
dt‘tcloping
lct tilt/trig is a must, hot it L‘t‘fltlllt degree
ot caution is In order

[to Hill om /i'rlrli:t" in fact. drltrtc
\ont lcitili/er \\lllt more water than the
directions Lilll lot i on iriti lost as easily

plants is \ct‘t

tlltll \otii p|.ints it \tltl titer lt'lllll/L' lllt'lll
il\ ll \tlll tlL‘lIlt‘ll lllt’lll water

lt'.il lettling I\ lttlll iiticiitlt-tl .\\\lpt'
th.it llllllt\ sittiiit L-lllllillll thi- git Is .it ltiss
the hall \\ lltl use It on t lictt .tt tit .nlo p!.tlit
|(;i l'itl (no is .i l'ltiu‘ll lt'lllll/t’l that
works well on tantmltts

l'r illlt'l pt uttiiig is it ittcal it you want to
grow a [Ilt't’ litisht plant llctgltt is itot as
important as \\lillll When your plantsriic
three viccks old.c|ipolt the top inst above
a leaf cluster. Dry rind smoke it. Don‘t
worry. the stuff will get bcttcrtis the plant

gets older.

This pruning will encourage the
secondary branches to grow new clusters.
Continue clipping every time the plant
grows about four new clusters. normally
every two weeks.

Harvesting

The semester is drawing to a close and its
time to harvest the fruits of your labors.
To increase the quality of your weed. a
few simple steps should be followed
before you cut down your plant.

Since cannabis produces the highly
prized ’l'ctrahydracannabinol (THC) to
combat loss of moisture. stop watering or
fertilizing your plants about two weeks
before you plan to harvest them. If you
can. increase the amount of heat on the
plants. If done properly. the leaves will
become sticky with resin.

()rree you cut the plants. there are a
number of ways to dry the leaves until
they are ready for use. The easiest is to
simply hang the plants upside down.
allowing the resin to remain in the leaves.

Another is to place the seperatcd leaves
irito a paper bagand let them dry fora few
days. Place the leaves into ajarand cover
it lightly. it the leaves are not fully dry.
they cotrld triold. so open the jar each day

 

When you finally harvest and dry the trults of your labors. one finds that the

ways to enjoy your ataah seem almost a
iity the obiect dead-center in the picture?)

healthy plants. Remember to keep the light cloae to the

Important aa tullnoaa.

ndleas. (Cannabis quiz: Can you iden-

            
          
       
      
    

and check. ll‘thcy arc. take them out. dry
them for a few hours and replace the
leaves into the jar.

outlined. successful cultivation of

cannabis is indeed possible. All
you need is the equipment. the seeds. and
the desire.
Vacations are a pain. so plan accordingly.
The first semester is usually the best
because there are less interuptions. Unless
you can grow your plants for at least two
or three months. you might want ’to wait
until you get home.

Growing pot indoors is rcwardittg fora
rttimbcr of reason.

“The main reason i grew pot was
because of the cost.“ said Bob. an uptown
dorm resident. “lfyou know what you are
doing. and use the proper lights. you can
grow $50 an ounce weed or better."

“After awhile though. it Just was great
to watch the plants grow. People kept
coming by asking to see the plants. But
the main reason was to berit the cost."

So wltcthcr you grow ten to twenty
plants for profit. live or six for personal
use. or only one as a conversation piece.
raising cattnabis is a joy for the smoker
arid non-smoker alike.

It you follow the directions as

 

J

 

 

 

 

Paola 6A

 

 

r
.  t
Blow it Out Your Bong!   
It seems only a few years ago that .to be the bong. where I can‘t butld them fast enough.“ '1'
1' anyone who smoked pot did it with Ycl not even the head scene is safe from Campbell. who boasts that there isn't a '
l rolling Paper. Then there was that major the ever PrCht‘nl ltIW 0f huPP‘)’ and hvnt‘ that he can‘t butld. supplements his- P
' delecttontttlhc Pch. Yetthe world never demand. “01195 MC c"l’cmlw- A small “land‘lrd h‘mg‘ With wimm'niad'; ii
stands still and progress cannot be one foot bong can cost anywhere from creations of his own design I T
dcnicd. We are pt‘csEntly living in the eight to fifteen dollars. The question is "l rcallydon‘ldoit Itirthcmtine "said I :
80m: Age. how can one combat this rtp-off‘.’ Campbell. "I do it because I like tzldo it 31‘ if
Sure. the hunt wrll probably never die "firings cost somuch. I thought I would llasrclt. I (list build theniior my frt-nds l' R L  
and there will always be those who swear try building my own. 'I heat was three According to (‘iirnphutt hmy. h Tildi‘ I. l‘
by water PiPcs. magic bottles and Years ago.“ said l‘ulton Hall resident is simple/\llonc needs is ‘l'isttftu‘b'nvn'l~ '
cumumm huwlm hunhccurrent rage has Brian Campbell. “Now its at that point drill. and a dreain i I P ‘i l b“. “g i ll
"I can htnld a regular bong in about 
lort_\»li\c minutes. lltc materials only
tost about three dollars. so I can sell it 
sfllilll bong lot about live or six "
"i saw this underground comic that 
slitML’tl \tItl how to build your own pipt' ,p 
oiil of paper tithes. and l )ust took the ‘
design and made If rill out ol plum-glass
lli.ils Villlll really slal‘tctf Inc tnlo lhc
lill|L_\ ones and from there I Just let in)
imagination go wild."
’t‘t iicn aslwtl ll llL t'orisldctcd himself an
tittist. t'atnphell liltislicd. sltitletcd a hit.
but tttiullt :idtntlictl. "i call. I guess I illll " ~
(tilllpl‘tt‘ll. who is graduating lltls
slillltil. sats that he will continue to build
horigs lit the future
"I will tlt‘llllllcl)’ continue building 
g g   the |l"trlton llrtll liong ~~
Campbeli'a motto ll. "If you can draw it. i can Bong Junglo.On the tar rluht is the Prize oi the t‘l‘twtllU.‘ I  ll]li"”""8i you can lit ,  ‘L 
butld It." Above is a sample at the Campbell collection. abong nicknamedtho"Eniorprlse". luii " m "5 many H he“ “l u M “l M A
k
t ‘ J
.A _—/
ALBWY STUDENT PRES APR”

9 1977

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRES ‘

PAGE 7A

 

 

 

r
it
I.‘
p
x:

 

 

