‘ its/so .,
,,,umyentty fees ($150)
‘ for personal expenses and travel ($675), and

textbooks ($200). 1 ‘  -

When applying for ﬁnancial aid from the federal
 government. a student indicates his anticipated\costs
‘ furt'extbooks for the year. _ j V

“There is a Sl50 limit for texts when applying for

federal aid," said Don Whitlock, Director of Financial
V Aids at SUNY Albany. “This includes not only
qtextbooks, but notebooks. stationery and. lab or art
_ supplies“. . .

He: ,dded that from what students tell them, the
Alba'ityState students spend slightly more than this.
“abou‘tSl70 to§234 per year."

How much a student spends depends on a variety of
factors such as which'courses he takes, the number of
books’required for a course and whether he buys a
'boolcnew or used.

Gregg, a sophomore on Colonial Quad. isa Russian
major. “The reading lists for Russian Lit. courses have
as many as seventeen books on them." he said, “and
they‘re all required reading. I spent $45 for one course
this way." .

Jody. a sophomore. spent $50 for four courses but
“still 'has to buy books for two more courses." while
Robin. ajunior. spent $6 for “only six books." 0n the
other hand. Carol. a freshman. only ‘spent $5 in the
bookstore. the rest she bought used.

What kind of investment does this involve for four
years? If you are a biology major. there are about 67
required credits. The prices of the texts required for
these courses totals 5302. using current bookstore
prices. This averages out to $54l for four years. or
about 4.| percent of total college costs. This does not
include buying notebooks. supplies or labequipment.

For an Accounting major the cost is slightly higher.
There are 27 required courses totalling 8| credits. At
current bookstore prices the texts for these courses
amounts to $395. Averaged out overa four year period
this comes to $585. or 4.5 percent oftotalcollege costs.
Again. however. this does not include notebooks or
supplies. '

Often it is the number of books used in a course that
created a great expense to students. Certain courses, by
nature require this. such as literature courses. political
science and philosophy. Professor Garvin of the
Philosophy Department teaches a course in the spring
semester called Existentialist Thought in Literature
and Religion. The last time he taught it he required
twelve books. all paperbacks. costing $29. '

“The course is a survey course," said Professor
Garvin. “and I try to cover a wide range ofauthors. The
course could be taught with fewer books. and probably
will be. but I wanted to give a broad spectrum of
thought.“ Despite the cost. which Professor Garvin
was aware of. he feels there is some advantage to a large
reading list.

“I was surprised at how much interest students took
in the course.“ he said. “I think it was partly due to the
variety of the reading material. No student liked all the
readings. but every student. at some point in the
semester. reacted to what was being read. Nietzehe
tended to turn a lot of students off. whereas I was
approached by students outside ofclass wanting to talk
to me about Dostoevski."

Another factor affectingtextbook bills is the price of
a text itself. Science courses. for example. tend to use
expensive textbooks. Chemistry 342. Introduction to
Biochemistry. requires one textbook priced at 825,
while Biology 30l. Cell Biology. uses an Sl8.95 text.
Biology 325. Functional Morphology, requires three
textbooks totaling 527.

While professors have no control over the price of a

textbook. they do decide which ones are used. In most

 

. t '_ ,incéttne.
but In ome‘cases panel’of pt: sors teaching the
‘ with manysectiops.vote ona

:_three-or four’boo a "d be

considered, at all. Infect. according to one professor

i 7 :in' he'Economics partrnent.“mostprofessorsvdon’tf

consider price when'choosing atextbook.“  _,

Most students and professors feel the.bookst'o're, is _

responsible for the prices that appear invtextbooks.

Gary‘Dean. the manager of the Follett SUNY '

r bookstore, a Chicago-based book company, explained
their pricing policy.

"T‘Prices are set for the most part by publishers," he
said. “Most publishers have a list price, or what can be
called a suggested retail price. Our policy is to sell at
this list price."

' Not all publishers give a list price. When this
happens. the bookstore. according to Mr.Dean, usesa
twenty percent mark-up or discount (an accounting
term not meaning a lowering of price but rather a
percentage mark-up in price).

“There is a slightly higher mark-up", said Mr. Dean,
“when the publisher offers no return policy on unsold
books. In this case the discount is closer to thirty per
ce_utL but this is not often.”

Most publishers. according to the manager. have

u

i t-osdErii’iongpast emollrricntﬁgtiregthe professor‘s

4

requestfor texts.'the number of seating cards available
for the'course and the preAre‘gistra'tion ﬁgures. They

also consider the books they have in stock already that
are being used again. " _' _' .

“For ’example,">said Mr. Dean,‘ “there was one
economics course that'had seventy-ﬁve seating cards
available for the Spring. I977 and the professor
ordered seVenty:ﬁve books. On Dece'mbec lo we

‘ received the pre:registration figures for all courses and

we saw that there werr35 students registered for that
«tune. So. We ordered 130 books instead of 75.

“There‘s no one formula for ordering textbooks," he
continued. “Each order is considered separately."

He added that if all.the necessary information was
submitted by the faculty on time, which last fall was
November I. ninety-nine percent of the textbooks can
be in. in sufﬁcient quantity, for the first day of classes.

“Before a book can be ordered,” he said. “we have to
research the information provided by the faculty. We
have to be sure there is such a book. by such an author,
published by that company. For example, if a
professor orders a second edition and we ﬁnd out there
is a tenth edition. we have to notify the professor. This
takes time. - -

“We also have to check past registration figures as
well as pre-registration.“ he continued. “as well are our
own stock. This is why we require from three to six
Weeks to process textbook orders."

There are some professors who feel the deadline is
too early in the semester. Professor Breithart teaches a

/

Students try to save money by purchasing uud textbookcthroug‘htho SA Book Exchange.

what is called a "20-20" policy. This is where there is a
twenty percent mark-up in price by Follett and Follett
can return up to twenty percent of the books it bought
at the price. it paid. About ten percent ofthe publishers.
he added. charge a penalty for returning books. usually
about three to five percent of the price.

After the professor chooses a textbook he turns his
order in to the bookstore. The professor indicates the
title. author. publisher. edition. hard or softcover and
the number he thinks he will need. Many professors
feel the bookstore tend to order less thanis requested.

Professor Lees. of the Anthropology Department,
said he has had recont problems with the bookstore. He
feels the store looks up previous enrollments in the
couse and orders in accordrwith that, rather than what
he lists as his projected enrollment. He said his course
often runs out of books.

Professor Lanni said the bookstore has run out of
books for his courses occasionally, "possibly because
not enough are ordered." He added that they usually
pt more in quickly. And Professor Kaliah. Economics.
said “the bookstore tends to order less than the
professor requests." I

“While it's true we will order less than a professor
requests." said Follett manager Gary Dean. “we will

also increase that request if we think the professor has

_ ordered too few books."
The bookstore, according to Mr. Dean. bases its

course in computer science. His order for the Spring.
I977 semester was turned in after November I.

“I never pay attention to the deadline," he said. “I
was told it was not to be taken seriously. I ordered the
book at the end of November and no students have
complained, so there was no problem."

He added that he did not know what book he would
want by November I. as the course is “a new
developing course."

Professor Tompkin. chairman of the Rt't)
department. said “it doesn't matter that the order for
RCO l00 was turned in late since all the books are in."

He said he was aware of the deadline but that the
textbook salesman convinced him six weeks was lt‘tl
long.

He. like Professor Breithart. feels the deadline is too
early to evaluate the current textbook and choose .i
new one. ‘ '

The bookstore keeps a record of the number ul
orders tuned in late. For books ordered for the Sprmt'
of I976 there were l,3l4 requisitions sent to the
bookstore. Of these only twenty percent were in befult‘
NOVCmber I, I975and six percent were turned in In
January, I976. However, seventy-three percent wvtc
turned in before December I, I975.

Because so many professors order books throush
Follett, students tend to view the bookstore as Inivms 4'

 

monopon over t__he campus. Lisa, a junior on Dutch
Quad, sa‘idthe bookstore “has a monopoly because
textbooks can't be bought off-campus," while Gregg. a
sophomore, said? it has a monopoly “because all the
professors-«order books‘ through the bookstore.
Students pay for the luxury of having a bookstore on
campus." A  . '

Professor McNaught‘of the Biology department said

‘ that at one tiritehe ordered books from a bookstore on

Stuyvesant Plaza but that “since it came under new
managemeptadiircount is no longer offered". and he
has gone. back to doing business with Follett.

Does this mean students must go on paying
excessive prices for new textbooks at the campus
bookstore? Or are there alternatives? And if so. what
are they?

The bookstore offers some relief to costs. Every
semester it buys back books from students. It usually
buys back texts about six weeks into the semester. This
Spring it will begin on February 28.

“We have two policies regarding buy-backs.“ said
Mr. Dean? If we know forafact a text is being used the
next semester we‘ll give the student ﬁfty percent of
what he paid. We then sell this again for seventy~ﬁve
percent of the original price. lfa book is not being used
again.“ he continued. “or if the professor doesn't tell
us. we give something less than fifty percent, usually
from ten to thirty percent."

Mr. Dean added that while February 28 is too early
for a professor to know if he will use a book again. the
bookstore tells students who come to sell books that
they can get a better price for their books if they wait
until May.

“There are always some students who want to sell
their books right away because they need the 'money,"
he said.

The SA Used Book Exchange gives students more
control over selling their books. For the past three
yearsat the beginning of the Spring semester. it has
operated in the campus center. For the past two years.
it has been organi/cd by Ann Markowitz.a senior. She
explained how the Exchange works.

“During the first week of the semester." she said.
“students bring in books they wattt to sell. They leave
the books along with their name and pltone number
and a list of prices they want for each book.

“The following week." sltc continued. "students
come in to buy books. If. at the end of the second week.
a book is not sold tltc owner can come in. show us his
receipt and get it back. along with any money he is due
for hooks‘that were sold. There is a 5. IS service fee for
each book whether it is sold or not.“

Ann admitted that the Exchange was not as
successful as last year.

We only took in about L600 books this year."she
said. "Last year we had something like 2,700 books.
Only 392 students brought in books."

She attributed the lack of interest to poor publicity.
She said she didn't even have time to run an ad in the
ASP.

There is another alternative to using textbooks that
would cut the total cost. Every student has had at least
one course where the professor requires a text and only
has the class read one or two chapters. Sometimes this
is due to a lack of time. Other times the professor
wishes only to use the part that stresses some important
notion.

“There is no ideal textbook," said Professor Kalish.
“that covers everything adequately. Usually more than
one is needed."

Professor Cohn of the School of Criminal Justice.
teaches a course in which all the material is Xeroxed by
the department. Students in the course are charged for
the cost of Xeroxing. Professor Cohn said it is not done
to save money but because “there is no adequate text
on the subject." Where there is no adequate text or
Where several are needed, many professors rely on-thc
campus library to place books and Xe’roxed materials
on reserve for students.

“The use of reserve material has its advantages and.
disadvantages." said C. James Schmidt, Director oI
Libraries at the SUNY Albany library. “The
advantages are that it gathers all the relevant materials
for a course in one place where the student can easlly
find it and it prevents one student from monopoltztng

I library resources.

hovok
“Let's see now...How much does thla one cool?"

“Its drawback is that once a book is placed on
reserve it is limited in its availability to the academic
community.“ he said.

According to Mr. Schmidt the library notifies the
faculty three to four months in advance. The
professors then submit a list of books, articles. class
notes and assignments they want on reserve. The
library must then gather the material and make the
appropriate numbers ol‘copies ofeach. They must also
catalogue the material and program the computer so
the library knows what is on reserve.

“There is no limit.“ said Mr. Schmidt. “to the
number of items a professor can place on reserve.
However. there is a limit to the number of copies of
each and this depends on the size of the class.

There‘s no dotth that using reserve material can
elitninatc the purchasing of many textbooks that will
only he ttscd in small parts. The relevant parts of a
book can be Xeroxed and copies placed on reserve. Or
else specialized periodicals that deal with very
speciﬁc topics can be Xeroxed for student use.
For its advantages. the use of reserve material has
problems.

"The library studies the use of reserve materials.“
said the director. “Since the reserve room operates on a
closed shelf system the use of tlte material is always
recorded.

“What we have found." he continued. “Was that
over the past two years one-third ofall material put on

M

9 I
...,...v.'i,
.

by professors are ever turned down."

i ,
ﬁgﬁwtuﬂf 

, ervefrom 8,100it1th'.¢§p n

1974 roams tutsn ng He addedtnatrmieti '

» A more serious'problem that'co'uld affect the 'useo‘f.
reserved "r’naterials is a I976 revision by menus.“ "
Congress in the laws concerning copyrights. The new. .
law covers a wide’ Prange of situations. including? ’
classroom use and interlibrary loans of copyrighted-
materials. Mr.iSchrnldt explained how the new. law
might affect a college. I I  3

“Under the new law.” he said. "a professor cannot
make one copy of a copyrighted work for each'student
for sale to the class. In other Words.“ he said, “he can't
collect money from the class to cover the cost of
Xeroxing.“ . -/

The new law goes into effect in I978. There will be
much debate over provisions in the . law and
undoubtedly the courts will have to interpret much of
it. There is one aspect of the law that is clear.

“Some libraries.“ siad Mr. Schmidt. “specialize in
certain periodicals. Albany Medical Library is like
this. They subscribe to highly specialized medical
journals that are expensive and are only published four
times a year. Our library has no need for such a journal
and we save money by not subscribing to them. Instead
we request Xeroxed copies from Albany Medical
Library of certain articles that can be used in some
courses.

"The new law." he continued, “will make illegal the
copying of up to six articles from the last five years ofa
periodical in a one year period. The assumption here is
if we are copying that much of a periodical'we are'
avoiding having to subscribe to it."

Most faculty members are still unclear as to the
meaning of the new law. They are aware of it. but not
its effects. A great deal of research must be done by all
universities and libraries to determine what will be
legal.

The greatest control over textbook prices lies with
the publishing companies themselves. They. like any
manufacturer. have production costs and profit
margins as well as royalty payments to authors. The
price of paper and paper-related products have risen
sharply in the past few years its ecological concern has
ca used a tightening ol'tltc supply of paper. Recycling as
a solution is only beginning to cotne into its own.

This is something the university. as a unit, has no
control over. One soltttion could he to buy only books
printed on recycled paper. However. the supply and
variety of such books are still limited. Any solution to
or casing of the cost of textbooks will have to come
from the resources available to the university.

 

 

PAGE 4A

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

mots 5A

 

