 

. TAVERN

, "ll"! lllllli ’AVI.‘ ONTARIO ".ﬂ‘llil‘ll'l

 

 

 

~. , i. -

What can you do with only a bachelor's degree?

Now there is a way to bridge the gap between an
undergraduate education and a chaliengin , responsible
career. The Lawyer's Assistant is able 0 work tradi-
tionall done by Ia ere.

Threya months of’fntenslve training can Ive you the
skills—the courses are taught by Ia ere. on choose
one of the seven courses offered—c oose the city In
which you want to work.

Since 1970. The institute for Paralegal Training has
placed more than 2.000 grgduates In law firms. banks.
and corporations In over cities.

It you are a senior of high academic standing and are
interested In a career as a Lawyer's Assistant. we d like
to meet you.

Contact your placement office for an Interview with our
representative.

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 2

.The Institute for.
“Paralegal Training

235 South 17th Streelérgtiladelpbla. Pennsylvania i9103
. Operated by Para-Legal. Inc.

 

 

 

 

Alongtirneagohegelexyiarferw 

, trot

'llar Worn' hot brou ht run back
ov gfovln I

A grand and glorious llllrrt '
7:00. 9:30

I . ' a '
MMVESIEI
w ' . WW
“3”” ' NINE".
PG]
Diane Keaton in

Looking for Mr. 6'00er

7: lil. l0:00 ( R)

‘| it

lr‘

 

 

 

 

 

l l j j
(v.30. tlz5tl. t lztlf) IPDI

 

 

‘rimjpuioc'rinini  '2 
A new‘.U‘_AS Board of Directors'

. was elected yesterday. and General

Manager E. Norbert lahrn unveiled
'the corporation‘s _l976-7 ﬁnancial
report at the ﬁrst UA-S membership
meeting of the semester.

Ann Markowitz was elected UAS
chairperson and Paul Feldman
president by outgoing board
members.

UAS is a not-for-proﬁl organiza-
tion with exclusive rights to SU NYA
services including food service.
check cashing. bowling. billards.
amusements. washing machines and
dryers. the bookstore. and campus
center operations.

The l976-77 financial statement
prepared by the national accounting
ﬁrm of Ernst and Ernst reportcdthat
total revenue from stiles. com-
missions. interest. and ot her incomes
was $5.5I5.369 with net income
before progrttm expenses of $27l.-
686. Last year‘s total revenues
totaled 55.344.505 with a net income
of 5307.368.

These figures depict an increase in
revenues of 3.2%. and a decrease in
net income of I L695.

'l'he complicated financial report
’was accepted without question by
the outgoing board before the
meeting turned to election of' new
board ntembcrs.

The following people were elected
to serve on the [977-78 UAS board
of directors: John l-lartigun. Neil
llrown(administration); Donald Ar-
nold. Charles Heller. Arthur (‘ollins.
Mina |.a('roix. Ella liruins. lilmer
Mathews. Seth Spellntan (faculty):
.Iolin Hodges. Dave Reiser. Adcllc
(ioldbcrg. Abhic Hawkins. Mike
llctchkop. Anne Markowitz. Kathy
IIaron. Paul l"cldman. lillen
Durtkin. Leslie Snyder (student);
(‘hcryl Schneider (alumnus).

'lltc followittg officers were also
elected: vice president Mina
LirL'roix; vice chairperson. lillcn
Dunkin; treasurer. Ruth
Roscrtstock'. secretary. .ltrde Adjaye.

Voters to Decide
Amendments

ALBANY. NY (AP) New York
voters will get to decide the late of
four constituitionttl amendments
that supporters say will “reform” the
state's court system. lint even some
of tile most ardent admirers of the
measures admit that their impact
would be slight. ,

By far the most contrmcrsial of
the amendments is one that notild
allow the governor to appoitttjtttigcs
to the (‘ourt of Appeals. the
state‘s highest bench. They are now
elected. as are most othcrjnrlgcx 1n
the state cotirt system. file others
would establish a new method for
tlisciplirtg judges. make permanent
tltc post of it cctttrril cotrrt atl-
ntittistt'ntor. and rctisc tltc inristlic~
tiott of some local courlx.

'l he judicial appointment
proposal. Amendment No. l on the
bttiloi. has thcsirpproi of (it)\. litiin
Carey. six oflltc seven judges tion on
the Court of Appeals. botlr US.
senators. most bar associations anti
ti host of "good got crittitcnt“ groups.
such as the league of Women
Voters. its xltlndillg With the elec-
tortttc is less certain-in public opi-
nion polls over the past few years.
New Yorkers Iravc consistently pluc-
ed themselves three to one against an
appointed bench.

Carey says the more would "take
the political clubhouse oirt of the
courthouse." btit ttpptincltlx doubt
that anything coitld accomplish that
objective.

 

 

Northeast Amtrak Service Extended

WASHINGTON (AP) Uncertain about congressional action on its request
for extra money. Amtrak is going ahead with plans to severely cut rail
passenger service in the Northeast Corridor between Washington and
Boston. But most ofthe 22 trains Amtrak had planned tocaneel Sunday will
continue to operate an extra week. until Nov. 6. That‘s because labor
agreements require a minimum seven days notice on crew assignment
changes. Amtrak had not given the notice for‘the Sunday scheduled
reductions earlier because it was hoping Congress would appropriate
additional funds that would avert the curtailment.

Telephone Rate Hikes Take Effect

ALBANY. NY (AP) The six million customers ofthe New York Telephone
Co. face higher rates starting today. The state Public Service Commission
gave formal approval Wednesday afternoon to a new set oftemporary rates
to implement the stop-grip rate increase it granted New York Telephone
earlier this moitth. Effective at one minute past midnight. the increase boosts
the monthly bill for basic residential service by amounts ranging from 47
cents to 97 cents. depending upon the area ofthe state and thctype oi'scrvicu
involved. The PSC is supposed to decide by Nov. 29 whether to revise the
temporary rate increase it granted the company. The overall increase could
go higher or lower. and tltc impact on particular types of service could vary
substantially.

Payroll Taxes to Increase II New Bill Passes
WASHINGTON (AP) The House is headingtoward passage of a bill to keep
the Social Security system from going broke by drastically increasing the
payroll taxes paid by American workers and employers. The Hotisc was
to resume consideration of amendments today. with the final vote following.
Under the bill as amended. the maximum Social Security tax for both
cntployes and employers would go up dttring the itext decade Irottt iflc
present $965 per ycarto $2.982. Without the amendment. the maximum tax
in I987 tvould have been $250 less.

Concorde May be Banned at Kennedy Airport
WASHINGTON (AP) There may still be a way ttt legally prevent lftc
Concorde supersonic aircraft Iront landing at Kennedy Airport. says .r
federal environmental offigttl. (‘harlcs L. lilkins (if the Environmental
Protection Agency said thtif noise tests of the British-French ('ollcol'dc Ill
Kennedy may not be conclusive. lfc toltl a congressional SlihL‘tllllllIlllL‘L
Wednesday his agency is “cautionst optimistic" that a (‘oncorde bait could
he adopted which does trot illegally discriminate against the plattc. llte SS I
recorded noise lc\L‘fS at Kennedy last week hclotv the rttaxiittnitt Ill
perceived decibels allowed by tltc Port Authority of New York and Ncn
.lerscy.

Committee Votes to Reduce Pot Penalties
WASHINGTON (AP) llic Senate Judiciary Committee \otctl on
Wednesday to reduce the federal penalty for possession ofstttall amounts of
marijuana. Acting on a proposed revision ofthe federal criminal code. lltt‘
committee rejected a provision which would ftave eliminated all pulltlfflcslrit
possession of tip to If) grants. ertouglt for about seven cigarettes. fly a (\«ltinl
tote. it substituted it plan to dcct'intinali/e possession of tip to art ottnct'.
enough for about Zflcigai‘cttcs. btrt providefora civil f'inc of$|00. Possession
of larger amounts nonltf remain a criminal offense. bill the IIItI\I|IIIIIli
penalty. which is now a 55.000 fine nitd a year injail. would be reduced to
$500 and .10 tittys.

Jewish Leaders Meet with Vance

WASHINGTON (AP) .lcwisli leaders nlto nth wit lt Secretary of State ( 't r II\
R. Vattcc lccl concern. frustration. ringer trial “a sense of'ontingc" tI\L'| l S
policy iii tltc Middle fast. the leader of the grotip stiys. lltcir sprifxcxtilnti
Rnbhr Alcxztndci Schindler of Non York ('ity. toltf reporters after :r tno
hour closth ntccting nrtlt Vance on Wednesday that many .‘\IIICI‘IL:I|I\. not
just Jens. tlistippl'tnc of the (‘nrtcr tidininixtration‘s policy. He xtnd I\|.lt'i
lttid"practrca|ly bcnt itself trito a pret/cl" trying to accornotlntc tin
atlnnnrstrtilroit nitric the Palestine Liberation Organi/utton remains “.rt flit
Itcan and center of ii \\tllltf\\itfc conspiracy of terror “

Russia Could Destroy u.s. Military Satellites

\\ ASHINO'I'ON (AP) The Smth Union has singed its second apparently
successful test oi it tion system that could threaten destruction of f‘ S
reconnaissance nrnl othci military satellites. tltc Pentagon tiiscloscd iorl.i\
"We hanc preliminary indications that the Soviets launched an illlllStllx'HliC
interceptor on Wednesday against a target satellite." a Pentagon xtrrtt'lllt‘lll
said. "Presumably. a successful intercept occurred." Ilic Itillitltlllt't‘llit‘lil
prottdcd no elaboration. bitt defense officials said the hunter-kilch ‘illL'iilll'
passed close enough to the target satellite to have pcrntrttcd IlS rlcsti llL‘lItltI. If
the Russians had wanted to knock out the target

Pneumonia Vaccine May Be Available Soon

SAN FRANCISCO (AP) A prtctrritottirr vacciitc may be available by iltccntl
of tltc year that would. for tire first tinte. catch America‘s fifth biggest lolch
before the infection sets irt. researchers said. lithe vncciite is ripprot ed bl Ill“
federal l-‘ood and Drug Administration. it will be given nationally to thin"
groups of people highly susceptible to pneumonia: the elderly. children \\Ilil
ntissingor defective spleens. and the estimated 50.000 persons. Illttsll) blacks.
who suffer froitt sickle cell anemia. the researchers said.

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

OCTOBER 28, 1977

 

ron . mlt .
,. ‘he State Department?

plied an‘ag‘reemem with I
yesr rday- regarding. conduct? of
research involving liugma'it ' bjeets.
Uni‘t'iesity -counsel'»"'l'lioma
Sanford conceded. that some of the
SUNYA Psychology Department‘s
experiments cited-by the Health
Department failed to meet certain
Federal and state requirements. In
tttrn. the Department of Health
dropped 17 of the 52 charges filed
against SUNYA.

Acting SUNYA President Virteent
O‘l..eary said that the charges which
were withdrawn “did not subject any-
anyonc to ‘risk‘ in the sense that the
law uses it.“

“You'rsee. an experiment could
cause yott to be embarrassed. and
that‘s a social risk." O‘l.car “said.
"()r I could fill out a questidﬁ’naire
anti receive the results. and the
results coirld make me unhappy.“
Questionnaires oit ttttnterous topics.
among them—'tsscrfivcncss trainirtg
and weight watching. were used by
the Psychology Department.

'I he Health Department has
charged the Psychology Department
with violations of Article 24A ofthe
Public Health Law. Spccific
allegations involting tltc cortdtrct of
experiments include the use offanlty
research equipment. failurc to ob-
tairt "\tritten voluntary consent"
from participants. and failure to in-

 

y risks ‘ 'ofg

. physical. "psychologicalo' ‘or I social
jury” that could ‘freas'ontible lie ex-
pected)? _. , ’
.' ’ttrticirlar coittrbversy has sur-

rounded :a sensitivity group experi-

ment and a stimulus ratings experi-
ment. both involving cl'e’ctrical
shocks. According to
Neurobiologicrrl Research Center
electrical engineer Robert Zch. the
equiptnent used to administer the
shocks was so fatilty that severe in-
jury or death could possibly have
resulted. ' -
According to O’Lcary. all propos-
ed research projects on campus will
now be cleared by the Institutional
Review Board. art HEW-approved
watchdog committee. before they
are carried out. This process must
cotttiriuc until notice is received from
Federal authorities that SUNYA‘s
review procedures are in compliance
with Federal regulations. he said.
SUNYA's agreement stipulated
that all minors. incompetent per-
sons. mcntally disabled persons or
prisoners be cleared through the
Department of “with before they
may be used as r ircli subjects.
The settlement also requires that
SUNY submit to the Department of
Health a statement of policy"elctrrly
irtdicntiiig that students are "(If re-
quired to participate in experiments
defined by tile federal and state laws
and rcgulatio s ‘human rc-

uwxs comrno

Sandro Barone. who Is currently the Assistant Dean of the Graduate
of Public Affairs. will soon lose his )ob after six years of service.

search.”

This will apply particularly, to 

students in Psychology |0l classes.

who presently have the choice of par- i

ticipating as a subject in graduate
research experiments or writing a
term paper. _

“It's up to the institution ' to
provide me with information on the
laws.” said Psychology professor
James Tedeschi. “Someone ﬁnally
decided to look into State Law 24A
after three years of not looking into

‘ it. and lo and behold. no one knew

about it." he said.

"The issue concerns human
research in general. not just in the
Psychology Department.“ said
O‘Lcary. “The important thing is
that research can once more he
done.“ he said.

“Everyone must think that his
research project is important and
that may cause him to overlook cer-
tain precautions and risks." sttid
'l cdc: ‘flf. "Everyone has todcttl with
his bi s."

Assistant

by Jim Reilly

Assistant Dealt of the (irtiduaic
School of Public Affairs Sandro
Baronc‘s job has been eliminated
and his duties will apparently be
taken over by an assistant to the
Dean a move that trinity people
within the school have questioned.

As of January lh'. l‘)7X. fiaronc
will, no longer be cittploycd by
SUNYA. According to Baronc. he
was notified irt August. I976 that his
contract. which would expire oti
August 3|. 1977 would not be renew-
cd.

lIaronc ltas continued as Assistant
Dean since September I on a tent-
porary bridgct line. iit ortlcr to give
the new Dealt of the (irndtrtttc
School of Public Allttit's. Orville
Poland. time to I’L‘ttl‘gtliii/L‘ his office
tocontpcnsalcfoi'tltcloss of Iinrortc.

fitirone. one of the two Nort-
leaching Professionals iii the
(iradnate School of Public Affairs
Dean's office. fills been the Assistant
Deait since October l97i. llisdutics
were primarily student oriented. and
included job placement. financial
aid. and career counsling.

Several years ago. he irtitiatcd a
work study program where (iSPA
students are placed as grad assistants
in various state agencies. where they
work twunty hours a week. earning
$3.200 a year and a tuition waiver.
This year. flarone has 34 grad

Council Accepts Legal Program

by Stetc Bracket

('ctttral t'onncil accepted tltc
proposed new legal services program
irt ti unanimous \‘olc Wednesday
night.

lltc proposal calls ftll' two parts:
the hiring of a full-time represen—
ratiyconcantptisandiltci‘cttriiiingof
the [\lt'SL'Itl SA legal t'cprcscrttatixc.
Roscnblunt and Levcnthnl. for
litigation purposes.

According to SA lask force on
f cgril Scniccx (‘ltatiman Paul l‘eltl-
man. the program will immediately
go into clicct.

"It \\lH lt.i\c to go to SA
President Dave (fold to sign."
l‘cldrnnn said. "but by tltc way SA is
acting ll cart bc considered in effect
non "

I he on campus lawyer.
Jack lestct. is a graduate of the
State llniveistty at New Pain and
New York Law School. ltt l97h. he
was an intern at tltc officcofthc Dis—
trrct Attorney in Queens County.

“ | ltcrc will be a 24-hour answer-
tng service." Lester said. “ l‘llc

OCTOBER 28. 1977

student‘s probietrt will tficii be
forwarded either to incortltefirnt."

Lcstcr said that he will takcolficc
beginning Nov. l. He added that he
“01 work (or a itttrtirttttrtt of four
hours a day. btrt “that doesn‘t tn-
cludc till the backgroriitd informa-
tion and research needed to be
done.“ It has rtoi yet bccn decided
where his office will be.

Accordingto Lester. most of tltc
citscs that lie is coitfrotitcd with will
be relayed to Roscnblnitt and
l.c\ctttlt:tl. lint those iitvolviitg cer-
tatii student problems will be
handled by ltiiii.

“I will research technical legal
points arid tltcrt consult nitlt
Roscnblttnt anti chcnthal." he said.
“in the first two days I've fteard
probltn‘a frottt eight or nine people."

me new rctaincr also calls for a
student internship program begin-
nrng next semester. According to
Lester. six or more students. receiv-
ing fill cc credits. will work within ltrs
office on background information
for court cases.

“We would prefer prcvlaw
students who are willing to learn." he
said.

I he council also voted trit-
aitiniously in favor of a $5.000
appropriation. increasing the I977-
l97fl legril services bttdgct front Sit).-
000 to $|5.000. This appropriation
calls for the rendering of services for
500 hours.

According to Linda I menthol. of
Roscnblnin and Leventltal. thcsc
hours consist of litigation. prcparnv
tioit forconi't. and negotiations nrtlt
judges rind attorneys.

If these Sill) hours are exceeded.
fieldinan said. a review process will
decide on tile proper actiort to trike.
Ottc altcrttativc would be to "cut
back services for next year." he said.

Lester said that a wrdc-scalc
ptrblicity will be cortdtrcted to titforiii
students oi the new proposal.

"I made a commitment to stay for
three years." Lcstct'said. “and I want
students to know that they are get-
ting carefully tltougltt otit legal rid»

vice.‘

UNIVERSITY PHOTO sill/ICE

According to acting SUNVA president Vincent O'Leary. all proposed
research projects will first be cleared by a review board.

Dean Job Terminated

assistants working in the
Departments of Health. Budget.
Labor. Social Services. and others.

Witlt the leaving of Barone. some
people feared that those duties
carried otrt by Itim would be per-
formed lcss effectively. liarlicr this
year. a group of Graduate School of
Public Affairs students organized a
committee to find out why liaronc‘s
contract had not been renewed. artd
possibly reverse this decision.

According to Cindy Ryan. a
member of'this committee. they were
told by Vice President for Academic
Affairs David Martin that the non-
rencwal decision was the result of
budget cuts.

Earlier this week. Martin explain-

ed that one of the Non—leaching.

Professionals budget lines for the
Graduate School of Pttblic Affairs
was surrendered to tire state oit
August 3f. I977. along with sixty-
scvcn other budget lincs iit various
other schools here at Sl‘NYA.
llowvcr. the butlget liiic for tire
Assistant Dean position has been
continued.

Apparently. the dtrtics of that
position will be taken over by the sc-
cond Non-'l'ctielting Professional iii
the Dean‘s office. Assistant Dean
‘l‘om Kelly. whose corttract expires
March I. I978. Prior to this date.
applicants for the Assistant Dean‘s
position will have been reviewed arid

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

OCA Party Shine
With Indian Summer weather providing ahlrt sleeve
temperatures yesterday. the Off Campus Association had

a party on the podium. providing free munchies and
music. The nice weather prolonged the art of podiatlng for

SUNYA students for a little bit longer. eathey were treated
to music by the group “Consclo Pictured are (i-r) Bob
Gardner 0 old and Matt Smolln. ‘

the position should have been ﬁlled.
arid the Assistant-to-tlie—Dean posi-
tion will be eliminated as of March I.

Martin said that the decision not
to renew Barone‘s contract had been
made independently of the decision
to eliminate one of the Nort-
Tcaching Professionals positions in
the (jradnatc School of Pttbiie Af-
fairs. bttt refused to discuss the
reasons behind the decision. citirtg
“legal implications "

Accordirtg to A.. slant Director
of Personnel Henry Mau. prior to
the renewal of his contract liriron‘s
past performance was reviewed by
his immediate supervisor. iit this case
former Graduate School of Public
Affairs Dean L'owan. who then
r-ntrrdewtu recommendation for or
against renewal.

On August 2. l97(t. L'owan
recommended a renewal of liaronc's
contract for a little over two years.
This would have given liaronc the
necessary seven years ltoldiitg the
same position to be considered fora
perntnticrtt appoiittittcnt. This
recommendation was sent to the Of-
i'ice of the Vice President for
Academic Affairs.

()it August to. I970. liarone
received a letter front tire Office of
the Vice President informing ltini
that tltc Office ltad rccontitiettdcd
non-renewal. that this recommenda-

t'fllllfllllt‘lf UII [Inga/ivy

* t
UPS/MIKE CON"th

 

PAGE THREE

 

