 

 

 

This  Vice: jPresidenth'ary} Parker has
faced censorship. impeachment proceedings. and
has been ordered to resign. Ahead is a possible

|O<O

  
    
    
     

 
  
 
 
     
   

   

        

m m “ I I; ‘n I “h,  y as" m . m m “king freezing of his stipendand removal from ofﬁce.
if of I ~ sonar. What has caused this impasse between Gary
V , _ , m a. b. ‘ _, 53mg ,1, f“ mm.de [km or Mr, Williams [Director ‘eotne to Security or Trafﬁc and Perker and CentraICouneil and where will it lead '
Amtlii'm Camr Society On Jan. I7. im. the. Dutch lot has beeototirket the illegally parked 'ot' the Department of Public Safety] they will give youaspecial permit for 7’02 i - ‘

Restitution ~-inﬁvm¢tlun:  survey: reported 58 empty cars (those without permits). Anyway. the tow truck has been tied the day.”

will“! W '5‘ CW” CM!” spaces or ilkgally parked cars. TI: Atkinson states ,‘to. this date. no uptowingaway earslwith stolenperr - Atkinson further stated that in-

orby planning 449-3722 afternoon survey of the Dutch lot can have been towed oi‘tiF'the piy "naivr  “ ‘   ‘ ‘ ' dividuals should report conditions

reported I9. - lots became there have been no in- ‘If the lots are full and you do that hinder the passage of cars lnihe
l n I

struetions to do so by either Mr. Inve a permit.‘ Atkinson says. lots.

 

   
      
    
  

     
 

 

‘ Parker then said hefeels hecan the next step towards his removal Parker. no one is yet sure‘what

o

   

by Jonathan Hodges
meet ng

 

 

  

ucaro DATO LSAT. SAT
one a can a ocar 0 can 0 var
III uncut. Small classes. Volumlnatts
that are constantly titers
rid: all year. Consolata tape

updatad.
facilities for review
at I supplementary materials. Was for
missed lessons at our earners.

ECFMG 0 FLEX

/

   
 
 
  
     
    

 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
   

 

At their weekly Wednesday night
meeting. Central Council voted
overwhelmingly to ’ask for the
resignation of SA Vice President
(lary'. Parker. '

Citing harrassment of student
groupsand individuals inaddition to
impeding the progress of Student
Association to failing to fulfill the

 

; H€W€ rOcus

work with a legislative body that has would normally be impeachment. specific grounds will be cited.

in the last four months brought forth
resolutions of. censure. resignation
and impeachment against him.

“I think I can work- with the
legislative. branch of SA.“ stated
Parker. “I think‘that I have worked
successfully with the branch. I think
that the legislative branch still. even
though we only have four months
left. has a lot of potential and behind
it there isa strong driving force. But I
think they still have to get their act
together);

“When we tried to impeach him
last semester. things didn't work
out." said Council member Paul
Birnbaum. one oft he seVen sponsors
of the resignation resolution. “I
think that the next step will be plac-
ing a freeze on his stipend. or at least
part of it."

“Hopefully. we can encourage
Gary to resign short of impeach-
ment.“ added Ilirnbaum.

If the Council chooses to institute
impeachment proceedings against

 
 

“There is sentiment [on the Count Association. PC 
cil for impeachment]. there could be jaye‘c'alled for the int
grounds.“ said DiMeo. "I don't so could at
know of a particular situation. just a “harrassmcnt i
series of incidents.“ * A"

An impeachment attempt against , Nu,
Parker failed in Oct. when the Coun-
cil voted l3-I4 against impeach- munications betw‘
mem.Accordingtothc SA Constitu- oil and Gary 'Pa k both our
lion. three-quarters of the entire faults." said counc m_ .hc‘rJean
Council must vote “yes”. for an im- Stabinsky. one ofthe thr .
peac’nmcnt to be affected. who voted no for the resignation. "l

Chargcd with both misfcusttncc really don't think that th'cprohlems

   

 
 
 
  

   

  
  
   
  
  

 

 

 
     
      
 
 

with the solicitations" policy are
grounds for impeachment. It was
legal for him to do what he did.“

It‘s his attitude that is wrong."
said Lessne. "I mentioned to Cary'at
our last meeting we had placed in the
minutes a request by Council I'orlﬂm
to attend future meetings. I men-
tioned it to him. Otherwise he would

' have never known. ‘lhcvnovcr reads
the minutes." ”‘ ' . '

“The students are my niost impor-
tant concern.“ said "lll'h'ci‘. "l have it
job when I get out ol school. At this
late point in time I. have no‘conccrn
for myself. because I'm sci tip. It's

NAT'L MEDICAL & DENTAL BOARDS
- Fla-Iota Program I Hours
Our broad mm of programs provides an more": of tattoo knot--
not that and“ us to offer the boat preparation available. «mm
Wm “WI course you in selected

Iklyn. Ill-3365300
Manhattan III-8384454
Long Island Sui-5334555
New Jersey w III-“#2662

;  Oahu”
1.,“- ‘u].m I p ‘ Tech Hifi is the safest place to
n—ou—o—ue- ‘

, ,. . . r, r  .. ,- _ r - .. buy stereo because we guarantee your

v " “ﬂ satisfaction. in writing.

Sngi XI mm; lilinllit’w limit-i (mil liiml Wewillgive you an entire week
N NE W DIMENSION IN f IfthA lUXUHY athomewithyournewequipmentto

decide if it sounds as good as you ex-

 

Lessne disagreed with the SA vice
duties’and responsibilities entrusted president‘s statement that he has
to him. the twenty-one members of been able to work withthe Council. ’I“ ’ 5
Council present voted ll-3-3 in -“His relationship with the branch
favor of the resolution with four is non-existent." said Lessnc.“And|
members leaving the room before think it's better that way. because if
the vote was taken. he did how a relationship with the
Parker remainedcalmthroughout legislature. it would be a poor one.“
the voting proceedings. Immediately While the Council contains highly
afterwards. he launched into an outspoken opponents to Parker.
defense ot'the SA solicitations policy, criticism is not restricted solelyto the
which he said was a prime reason for legislative branch.
the resolution demanding his SA President Steve DiMeo said
resignation. “In my eyes. the vice president of
As the discussion that followed Student Association hasnotlivcd up

   
   
     
   

    
    
   
  
    

 

 

   
   

   
   
   

mw'itttsmmm
rm  . Weted- If you're not totally pleased, deteriorated to name calling and to mycxpcctations. Maybeit'sjust ‘ ' I ~
blunt accusations. with even Central that my expectations have been too not lot this years students. or next
year's. but for the continumg flow of

 
 

6:30. 8:25. . .
mmom‘mof ,m .02“, you can bring it back for a full refund.

 I We'll guarantee that you'll be
m satisﬁed with the price you pay at
Tech Hifi. Within 30 days, if any store

Council Chairman (3ng Lessnc hot- high."

ly responding to Parker's charges of When asked whether he felt that

it ‘circus run Central Council'. a g00d lbelings bchcen Parker and

move was made to return to the the Council was necessary for both
:igcnda.lcavingthcrcsignationques- to properly perform their duties. a, .

students in hopes of establishing
some kind ol continuity in Student
Association.

' “I am working for the students."
stated I’arkcr. “I am I00 per cent for

    

 

offerin similar servic m'se at...“ _

lower pgrice {or the es adve s a  .m  lion in the hands of Parker, DiMeo replied. “It can‘t hurt. It is . ' I

we,“  th  COZHPC'MEntS; W it! am not going ‘0 resigns. said not an absoluté'requircmcm but it univonlty photo sonic. the slxdtil‘llh‘ lllllfill gazillrclullunlzhg

e erence we re __ P'trkcr 'it the close ut'thc meeting “I helps the SA to operate smootth " witht c cgts ation. w I c ll wou -

' H ‘ ‘ ‘ ’ - ‘ ’ boutSA Vlea - -.  ., ,,

ret c ' mp3 for exam le. It’ll Ia , ~ - _ . w- P  .  -Cantral Council Chairman Grog Laaane apaaltlng a mccmhﬂvc‘mnulnccmdrywmw
F W onftdent of our low prices). p P Y 311 Will continue to Work for the lth arkcr s refusal to obey the Human. Guy Puke" “In I“. “mud. mm '- “tong.” the smdcms."

kinds of music with exceptional students on this campus." Council's request for him to resign,

clarity and accuracy. The Nikko
6065 stereo receiver offers plenty
of power, excellent F M and all the
control facilities you’ll ever need.

 

And our return policy also pro-
tects you against defects. If anything
goes wrong with any component with-
in 60 days. we'll either repair it for
free in three working days or give you

DOWNSTATE

” It’s like getting a brand
DRIVERS ,.

 

’. magma” a new unit- Igntggﬁve scientific design means ' f  e5”
I. l . 9 .. . _ _ e m D2 optimally~vented n w  O 
Taminggxomedy _ h All Of “"3 “’9 Pl.“ 1" “mumJ- loudspeakers provide unprecedented e p
amnmnwtw "9 t °“ Wm 331“ ShP- accuracy over the entire range of

So why risk buying stereo some audible sounds. And the high
place else. performance Philips GA 427

 

         

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

; one reason we.” so willing to belt-drive turntable will repro-
éj guarantee your satisfaction at Tech duce your rec°rd5 ﬂame-‘5”-
. ’, Htft, is because we're so confident
; 5’ about the music systems we sell. '
r;  Take this great $599 system with We can save you substantial dollars on
components item Nikko, Ohm and your auto insurance bills. ‘ '
4 . .- - 0 Come see us now for a free consulta-
 tion.
i Barry Scott Ina. Agency
r‘ ; sa suite Street
  I I NEWER DULL m V" ‘ Albany
i g ;  j I MOM Eur - . M “3 - '1“ .
l . ’ t ‘ 1529 Control Ave Colonlo 869-0930 
t i In New York S n s cializin in: ' .
» i 1. yracuee. Buffalo. Tonawanda. New York City. Stores also in Vermont .pe t clown. ‘ a -
v r W'Hamoahire“. Massachusetts. Connecticut. Rhode Island. A V A l L A 3 '- E A T ’ F o L L E T T ' s u N Y BOOKSTORE . Knight: as. 2| '
New J8 , P ‘ ‘ ~ -l ate - low time ayta.
X. L I ’39)! eﬂnsylvama, Ohio and Michigan. - nim'immm 3P I;
:  .1  " u‘ gm. gm.” ~ — J — . , ,
i 4: P. , . 1.0m! ,. ma. 8 uwa 28, 1977 JANUARY 28. 1977 . ALBANY STUDENT mass : “an pm ‘. , 

 

 

 

 

 

 

