    

  
    
 
   
     
     
    
    
       
   

 
 
    
      
    
     
     
 
 
      
   
       
     
     
     
      
      
        
       
       
       
     
   
   
 
  
 
 
 
   
   
    
  
      
  
 
 
  
   
 
   
 
 
  
  
   
    
 
 
  
   

 

 

 

 

          

 

    

 

by Roger Sheﬂer

Remember how you walked into the clock-
less lecture hall to take a timed one-houressay
examination and discovered that you had
forgotten to wear your watch or that you
didn‘t even own a watch. and realized that you
would fail the exam because you would not be
able to time yourself! 0h. of course. the
professor - or. more often. the teaching
assistant u would periodically rouse himself
from his stupor todispense thctime remaining
in ﬁfteen minute intervals. pompously chalked
up in large figures on the blackboard.

At the time of the first "dispensation." you
would ﬁnd that you had squandered the ﬁrst
fifteen minutes on a ten-point question still
lacking a conclusion. with ninety points ol
academic achievement still to he distribttted
over forty-live minutes of mysterious and
ttnmcasurable time.

You had to hate worst of all the absent-
tnittded professor who let “45 minutes" oftest
time remain theoretically unelapsed. because
utterascd. who then jerked out of his sleep.
picked up the eraser. wiped out the “45
minutes" and replaced it with " It) minutesttttd
counting“ and you were still writing your
introduction to the big forty-point question.

It scents unlair to expect the student ot lit
the ordered world ol the lUtl-point exam tothe
ordered world of the htl-tninutc hour. when
the dimensions of that hour are so recklessly
measured and recorded. it is unfair enough
that we must live ottt ottr days on a campus so
\aguely tuned to the National Bureatt ol
Standards‘ definition ol "standard time,"
Well. lor one I hing. we have been off Daylight
Sittings lime for more than two weeks now.
and what do we lutvctoshowl'orit'.’ clocks
on the third lloor of the llumanities Building
\\cre lclt an hour ahead. some were turned

ahead an additional hour; and the clock inthe
('atnpus Center L'aleterta. lacking an hour
hand. apparently had its mintite httnd turned
back liftcen minutes. Ihe quads are all in
dillercnt time Ioncs. Ihe Carillon bells ring
lI\L' minutes early. according to the library
clocks: and the maintenance men. who tntght

he expected to correct these multifarious
discrepancies. cruise the tunnels in little
battery-powered cars all day long. obliviousto
real time.

Remember how we used to think we were
counting down towards something speciﬁc
and frightening. an inevitable nuclear war.the
year 2000 with the world population
extrapolated to ten billion. the year I984?
Many of us have shortened our perspectives.
We want to know how much time until dinner.
how much time before the professor stops
talking and we can retire to the Rat to escape
from time. how time ‘til Happy Days. literally.
not figuratively  for we cannot go back in
time.

Once upon a time. my watch stripped; my
clock became unplugged; and. using a 'l'.V.
timetable. I managed to get through the day
knowing approxiamately what time it was by
guessing what T.V. show I was looking at.
referring back to the timetable. ttnd then
estimating the time with one-half hour
accttracy. 'l hat no greater accuracy was
needed may be inferred from the fact that l
was spending the day watching |.V. I could
not catch a bus to a place where Icould engage
itt tnore worthwhile activities and where the
time was correct: I did not have a bus
titttetable. And. ol course. I did not havethe
correct time.

Wlty are you worrying‘.’ Do you think that
your life will be measured in terms of time
cllictency'! Ihe essay test is not a paradigm for
life. as much as finding out your grade may
resemble Judgement Day. In our must
deluded moments we almost expect to see a
ratltcr absent-minded professorial type,
elderly ll not bearded. wielding a chalk eraser

.t‘atlter than a scythe. marking off key time

thresltholds with frightening irregularity:

“2| years old behave like an adult;"

"35 years old 35 years remainingz“

"fl" l0 years and counting;“ and

Put down your pencils. stop writing. hand
in your test. the grades will be posted when I
get around toit. but you. of course. will never
hate a chance Ill see them."

 

 

hi

 

A 6Mth

Wattle
Aw-
l

A S'EUSthZﬁAMERlCA'
A” Elllkltq 

 

A C LA6S FEE
\

  

viewpoint

 

 

L

FEIFFER

A CLENJ RIVERS (CA.
A WUUALJ CA~

W

M) €QUALITARIAW€§£A

great'
names

To the Edltor:

Bored at SUNYA? Well look around. Any
day you can find such luminaries its Elizabeth
Taylor. Fidel Castro. and Bob Dillon
(almost) Each has found Albany the placeto
be and you can look them up inthe University
Directory. '

The lovely Miss Taylor. scaling down her
acting career. has decided to enrich herself
with a few class at Albany State. She
explained that her reason was. in addition to
the Albany night life. that she tired of hearing
a little night music froma cat ona hot tin roof.
after falling out of her bed with sheets of
national velvet.

Always the altruist. Miss Taylor ﬁnds time
to help a young man through school. Fidel
Castro. Senor Castro has found that cigars in
Albany are not too bad (in addition to other
smokahlcs.) The gentleman from the south
may be a hit hard to rccognile. as he no longer
has his famous beard and Barbara Walters
isn‘t asking him about his sex life.

Bob Dillon is usually quite recognizable,
with a harmonica holder. Arab bandana and a
smirk-smile-scowl Yet at SUNYA. the folkie
is incognito. He did try a voice class. but upon
returning to class the next day. found that it
had moved with no forwarding address.

The singer explained that with the loss of
half his fortune to his sad eyed lady of the
lowlands. he ought to he prepared for ajob
with a bit tnorc stability. like singing on
lltursday nights in the Rat.

So do not despair. everyone who is anyone
is coming ttthlbttny-Stule. to trudge 
podium. do battle with thick brown gravy-"or-
most of all. writing articles for the ASP when
they should be studying for Friday‘s Calculus
IChl,

David Zaslow

good
nddance

To the Editor:

I was very happy to read (on the front page
yet) that the Chairman ol'the Political Science
Carlos Astil, will be going on sabbatical next
sctnester. llallalttja!

 
 

Astiz says “his temporary (unfortunately
replacement will have plenty to dojusl makin
the day-to—day decision that any chairma
must make. " Maybe he‘ll also have time[
give out closed section cards or conside
independent study programs that Mr. A51;
seems to think don‘t merit his consideration
Maybethe Acting Chairman will httvetimcloi
students.

  

 
 

Name withheld

against
beauty

To the Editor:

I see that the feminists ai'e against Women
looking beautiful. No matter what you think
of them. at least you have to admit that they
practice what they preach!

    
    
   
   
   
   
 
  

Sincerely,
('huch Schwanz

usual
channeh

To the Editor: What was that crap next to
the sports section in last Friday‘s .AtSl’.’
Despite the size of the type. | read the whole
thing, nearly ruining myeyes in the process

l was wondering why it was Ill that size
print, and why it was placed in that most
unusual spot for an article This was explained
when I reached the section which said thalth
ASP refused to print this opinion as an article.
and that they had to have the piece "printed
and distributed through channels otttsidethe
usual ones." It added that “The individuals
esponsible for this article have assumed the
. in time and money. for printing and
distributing it."

At first it seemed to the that an ad III the
ASP was hardly outside the usual channels.
and then I heard that Kathy Baron. SA \icc
President. had personally paid for the ad out
of SA operating.

First off. I doubt that this kind of ltL‘lltIll.
spendingtax money on her own pet ptojects. is
within her rights. Secondly. it secrtts to methat
if a group doesn't like the way the ASP hto
handled an event Ilthey don‘t have the rtghtto
rewrite history by printing an alternative news
article. and 2) there must be a better “in to
support the paper.

It seems to me that the whole affair itasscl
off a great deal of over-reaction.

Name Withheld

 

O
3:.

‘ﬁ-L'ir- 2179-5 .;.,.~.,.,

“snags; __..

 

 

 

m rum WW, an

AMElzt'cA ?

  
 

 

 
  
   
 

Clo’os'e Encouynte ‘ s» of the

Third Kind: Contact!

I‘llllfdll I‘IIIAIIIliflilidlllllll‘lil ilit‘a‘H‘LﬂllhlliliLl‘tlit-

 
 
   

   

 

 

 

‘ .
lei(’1'[llitltltﬂl‘lj‘l‘trfiﬂi{IIILKILIIIIHEHHﬂlﬁlikfbilKillllciMlHI‘ll!iLINI£I|OIIII£AIIKIIIIB'sxlllllfiIllllill‘lllllllillotlnlill

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

  

