     
   

 
  
   
    
 
     
   
  
 
  
   
 

 

 

 

'. Poop--,.I " I.
.-I I'm. grateful for' the'times We've shared as

  
  

 

'I wonde

 

 triendi and lovers. ' ,.
"  I toveyalD.D.
“ Stanley Stegasouras, (BIG) ‘

"‘ Gimme a Backﬁu

- ' HAPPY VALENTINE‘S DAYI ,

~‘ .‘ ‘ lava. Jealous Stacey Stegasaurus
DeaIIJOB. ;' , I 1-,

. Happy 20th birthday to my “bestest‘. friend!

‘E"l°Y '°',"°."°w:k love Always, Audge

" Bruce,John,Phil,Bill.J . T . ,Don,Milie, Ice '

' Cream,Steve,Daye,l’om,BEsrry,Patti,larry
and Everyone Else who helped make
an"aver-the-hi|l" girl. leel young again on
her 20th birthday. Thank you.l|aveyou all.

. Marlo

Dear Beth,
Happy Valentines Day to one of the nicest.
understanding, caring young ladies I‘ll ever
meet. Happy 20th to a well brought‘up.
loveoble teenager iwomon in 2 days) who
makes my sentence .at Albany State more
’ b I Mike

     

liar 'Mi'c-ris E,
Happy Valentines Day to my best friend and
favorite sviirnmmg partner. Aqua Man
Durir Robin. I
To llll‘ must spei‘iol person.

HnPPr Vulutlllilt.‘ s Duy. YOU‘RE THE
GREAIESI! ’ lava. Gary
To the plant that grows in Steinmetz-
HAPPY \i‘-.tl:NI|NE'S DAY! love,Mar

 

 

Juliet. .
“I.'.y lII(IIfI$ are low but altogether
<iitlitmiit . Sun: glad you're one at them.
Marci
llOB,
i’m hoping you‘re liovmg a very happy day
and fro glad to be with you. By the way.
n ‘rc getting very seiiy in your old age.

y U
HAPPY 22nd BIRTHDAY. With all my love

always,
Entamtf" '
Happy Valentines Dayl I
i love you, I love youl 12,1791?

Dear 
lwont you for my valentine~O.I<?
love CG.

 

och. Iyou’ie flan kinda,
eppy Valentine's Day. . .MEuII

 

 

with you the kind at
hoiili you leibglng

. p Bl day-love. ‘_
grﬂgslﬁzri.’5usle, Brenda Iorboro
om,- . . s‘ r, r 
root In those brown corduroy
’ laymﬁlway'g’tlllotching

 

s You are my rts des'
Dov. Stay Straight .. ' a Mary
Dear teeny Greeny. - . f . I ‘
Nothing but love to my dearer Ilene. Will
you be my valenteen? .. ’I’- .; .
Anita, ’*  «‘ ' I
Someone who has a birthday on Valentine’s
Day must be a very special person. I know
- you ate. n ' , Jerry
Grlu‘ojlobr. Terrence, and Sharon.
HOW I ever come across friends like you I'll
never know.. Thank you tor sharing
yourselves with mean my birthday.
‘ " love always,
Marlo

    

 

 

 

.iIobin. .
Happy Valentine's Day from a ni'it who's
\ wild about you. ' CroTy Steve

KAREN ‘
Happy Birthday
P.S. Early‘for once

Dear Shari, Ilyse, Rhonda. Marianne, Inez,

Thanks for everything.love ya! 3,",
llsso,

Patience,lortitude, iust plain drive and a
butterfly warning mean Be My Valentine?
___—__-_

Love Bruce

 

Contortionist, I
If the rest of the semester is as lonostic as the
past three weeks have been, then we're in
for some very happy timesl
Here's to many more nice surprises, and
happy day alter Valentine's Day.

With much love,
__ _ ___ II Err-zoom
To my "suitees" in Whitman I02.
lust wanted to wish y’all a sweet Valentine’s
Dayll
Dear Anne, '
Will you be my (sexy) Valentine?
A ind-ol-secret admirer

Chuck,
‘Sue you on "trays". We love you. Know it’s
mutual. /_ ~“

Kisses, loura and poulo
Dear I-‘eteI
Happy Valentine's Dayl i love you-always".

iﬂll ways. Your bestlriend, loura
Dear Babblt. _ k---“—

iliis year will be the best. Colilornio and
Europe won‘t bathe some alter they see our
sunglasses. ‘
Happy Birthday!
\

   

ove. Gwynne

     

Phil-
rtrippy Valentine's Day (againl). No more
lights, right? Miss you lots. Lava, Lil’ Twiyp

 

 

1'

You can spend anywhere irom a summer. to a semester, '
to a lull year. learning. experiencmg. helping.

Summer programs include ulpanim. archaeological digs.
kibbutz service. and scrence protects.

Six month or thelve month programs oller volunteer
work in development towns and kibbutzm study

at Israeli universnies. anti parhcrpaiion as

a volunteer in your protession.

It's all available through AZYF where
we oller 22 diilerent programs

appy Valentines

l

   
  
 
  
    

 

Happy Valentines»

y}
know I thlnk you're th ~gr‘etltett. ‘

    
  
 

. . ,
” n d a hugMoppy Valentine’s.
I i I ‘ ’ Love. Creep
CONGR‘PUMUONS to the future: "
Cllll Ehrlich. M.D:'
Art McConn,’. D. D: S. '
.Dove McCarthy, C.P.A.
MikevTencTa. 0.5.5.
You made ltlillillllllllil
To M Heart-Throh 000,
I canyhear windmills and rainbows
Whenever you're talkin to mat»
An I feel like swirling and dancln
Whenever you're walking with me.-.-.-
Oh...sweet honey, app
Chris: _
Here's to a bright future. You're still my blue
eyes. Happy Valentine’s Day, Turkey.

    

DEAR
I think

  
 
 

 

High Priestess- I
I'm watching. Write not what you dent
k"°"" -Barrett incarnate

Aquarion Man,
I‘m rapidly running out of patience-but
Happy Valentines Day, anyway.

Scorpio Woman

lamb-

When I fell for you. I tell hard- likea ton of
bricks. Now the bricks have built a housel
like to come home to- It's been quite a year
(and a day) one I‘ll never forget. Keep it up-
you're the best. Johnny 5 Me

Jqll Silver ol Bogart's Bone

I returned to hear you i’hursday...What
happened? .Nuncy

Dear M l. R,

Thanks for a great Valentine's weekend.

Saturday night was great.
Love, Davey I. N.B.

ro EVERY is]? AND GIRL our THERE
wrruour A SPECIAL VALENTINE. HAPPY
vueurmcs DAY AND HANG IN menu

 

 

 

 

For oggood time (either sex) meet Barry in
the library,3rd iloor cubicle.
~When you least expect it.

 

Bis-Jilian
Merry Mardi Gros and a Happy day after
Valentine's Day. lave, Your craxy

 

 

 

Dear Thea and George.

Have a Happy Valentine's Dayl

With love, Tony and Eddie
To my Pro. 9
If only you believe in miracles. Happy
Valentine's Dayl ova always.
Your No.i Admirer

  
 

. ~ mickey, - _

I Valentine’s Day.I

orpedb, - L r . , I.
V To the girls-who make'the 9th floor at
love you, "lire-Jeep" 7

Inspire ol everythi

 

 

Deoerrlco one, lini, I'endyittussy,‘ and

 

great
at it Is. ~

I Happy Valentines Day II kov'e

Jon, Bruce, Fred and Rick
Dear BANY STA, '

Happy Valentine's Dayl I love youl.From_-~
your one and only non-secret admirer.

To “My Crush", I
I‘d be happy to be your Valentine il yoigd
Y

step loward. JO
Dear Krys, '

. Happy Anniversary. You've made the past

Y0” 9"!" l“ me- Love always. Dave

Dear 1505 Men, ' " ' - 7
Valentine's Day-Any Day, we love you. I
love. Barbara? Cathy, Maria

Parke- I I
A name like yours deserves to be in print.
“up” 15”” lave.Charyn

Happy Valentine's Day to a very special
friend. You for Organic Chem. Lobsl

Dear V.C.R.,
Happy Valentine's Day with all my love.
Love,Papo|

Dear lUCY of Indian,

Even though you give me grief I still love you

very much. Happy Valentine's Day.
Charlie Browmn of Colonial

To our 2 lovorite JV Basketball Players;
It’s not whether you Win or lose but how you
play the game. Can we play your game?
2 Bench-wt ners
Marty, Joel. Ron, Carl. Steve, HaI. itobin.
Dave, Vol. Lisa, Jodi, Kathy, and Eveline
with a v):
THANKS FOR EVERYTHINGI
Wishing all the Rats In Den 404 a very
happy Valentine’s Dayl

Brian

 

Hey Nature Lover.
Will yap be my valentino?lll

Dear M I R.
Are you psyched for Tomorrow night?

Happy Valentine's. Love. Davey...

 

Dear Snur,

Be in Valentine.
Love, A Secret Admirer

P.S.Don't to. HIB. see this personal. She

may get jealous. . '

-r
Charlene-
A birthday cake isn’t NUTRITIONAL, so I
bought on ad. Happy 20thl

love, Charyn

Eeur‘EiT RISE—of "
You play groat ball and I love your ossl
Love, A Basketball fan

I AM NOT GOING TO LAW SCHOOL
- THESE ARE THE REASONS WHY

— I did poorly on my LSAT’s
—- I’m bright, but my grades do not reflect it

—— I was rejected by all the law schools I applied to
because they only look at numbers and scores

   

r violets bl hot n’qulte true
in if lt‘ [eke you‘re looking lo

I ' Mine is _ V _ Foreverir'ior'el
Happy Valentine's Day .
. . ‘ lovo.lebe

 
  
  
   
 
 
   
 

S.A., I
llinow what I want you to get me, but would
a 'bo'v‘r' stick os well as the tinqu did?

    

     
   

There is a space between us

which we cross

To touch each other softly

and so make up our loss

and goodbyey'donlt mean I‘m gone
Cause you‘ve got a friend.

  
    
   

 

Happy Valentine's Day I’

i love You Dear y , l
Believe it or not
Tarig & luisa l-ever

Dear Green-eyed GeminiI
Happy Valentine's Dayl Wish "emotion-
conlrols" wergn’t quite so drosticl Sing :
Happy songs._. i Love,
The Uptight Complainer
Mary Beth,Barbaro 5., Barbara E., Anita,
and Nancy:
Happy V-Day. Although we've never gotten
really close, you’ve helped make my year a
pleasant one. I really appreciate your
‘ ' ”' toward me.

Love, A Secret Admirer

Babydoo,

Surprised to see your name in print? I love
V°”- Rose
Stacy,

Happy Valentine’s Day. I'm gpad we're
together for it. LOVEIKBM.

Dear Cornwall,

Happy Valentine's Day. — Love, Jackson

 

Dear P .

You're still the onuiHappy Valentines Day to
a great friend. Love. Paula
Ricky~Ticky>Tovvy,

Hou about some fondue?

Your Warm-Sery-Form
CAEDI,
NEBER has a girl meant so much to me.
You're mino Valentinel love. Dy(ath)

Door Bestest Valentine,
I love you. Happy V-Day.

love always, Boyfriend of the Year
The Ragdoll Wislics ltL‘I I
post, '
present,
and Iiuturu
lriends
a Happy Valentine's Day IEbe'y Day”
Dear Par.
You're so sparial to ma. I love you! Happy
VALENTINE'S Day. Red Smith

The price includes round trip airiare.
room and board, tuition lees

(where applicable) and tours

of ISrael

Come to lsrael. soon

' ISRHEI.

 

[:1 High School in College

 
 

 

'Ilrlel Progrlm Center/American Zionist Youth Foundation
515 Park Ave . N Y. N Y I002? (212) 75145070

Send me tuittier iritormation on your programs to Israel

 

AAA..--

 

Clty State

 

School

 

 

 

 

School of law

(lalifurnizi law institute

2034 Alameda I’iidrc Semi
Sruitii Barbara. California QSIOS
'l'clcpliuiic (305)953-1567

 

 

THESE EXCUSES WON’T WORK
IF YOU ARE HIGHLY MOTIVATED

WE ACCEPT STUDENTS
wnoSE PRIME STRENGTHS
ARE MOTIVATION a ACCOMPLISHMENT

Grades and scores mean less because we are training you to be
a lawyer, not a law student

CALIFORNIA LAW INSTITUTE

For more information iind an ill)plli,‘illi(lll writc:

Miiry Osborne. Donn Ul Admissions

.lohu lliIViL'h ASMHIIIIII l)crin will interview students

Mun. l'cl). Zii
lid") ‘l nut in 4 pm
AI) l57

rm
4——

 

 

PAGE SIXTEEN

ALBANY STUDENT mess

FEBRUARY 15, 1977

 

By MATT KAUFMAN

Guitarist Larry Corycll‘s one and a half
hour solo performance at Page Hall last Fri-
day night proved to br en architypical exam-
ple of virtuosity and guts. Very few musicians
haVe the'abiiity to enthuse and maintain the
- interest of an audience on their own as well as
Corycll for so long a time. .\

The concert itself opened up with an avantc-
gnrde. multi-media oriented quartet named
Dialogue. Their show proved to be very
sophisticated. rciying 0n precise co-ordinution
between the two members in charge of the
sound rind lighting iind Kurt Shorc iind Jim
Sinnton performing on ihc sttigc.

Dialogue begun with it movic uimcd ut in-
troducing the group iind thcir ziiny. humor t0
the iiiidicncc. The audience. so it seemed. was
III for a shock.

The group‘s music was. ill Worst. III-
tcrcsting. Their musiciiinship wris undeniably
solid. with Kurt pliiying the piano uccnm-
punicd by Jim on thc xylophonc while their
lyrics were tringuc-iu-chcck (ii In iionzo Dog
Iliinrl). Unfortunately. though the group was
good. tho qudicncc wasn‘t too upprcciutivc.

By PAUL BIRNBAUM
And LARRY PEROT

I’ve always thought than an audience. like it
mirror. crisis it rcflcction of ii pcrfiirmcr. This
iiudicncc wris wuiiing for thc “Mcssiiih of
LSD.“ Timothy Lciiry. hiiilcd us it Iczidcr nfu
gciici'ution by some. it corruptcr of youth by
others. was soon to preach his visions of ihc
l'u‘iurc. I'hi: "gcist" of David Bowie [Lciii'y‘s
fumritc iirtist) iind Miiiidy lilucs music that
dilluscrl within ihc iiudicncc. gich ont- ii fccl-
ing ilirit un cvcnt riitlicr lililll ii Iccttirc wus to
tiikc pliicc. Sonic cutnc out of intrigue. ()ihcrs
\\'ilIIlL‘tl Iii scc how he'd "cliiingcd". ()ihci's
\i'iinicd iiist ll) find out Will) this guru iii tlic
psychctlclic utiipiuns wus. Miisl iii tlic
iiiuliciicc was too yriliug it) hiivc cxpci’icnccd
Ilic iiill impact (if Unclc 'I’im when hc wtis dis-
pcnsiiig with his must insightful criticisms Iltl
Atticricrin culture of thc l9(t(lh"illl(l only burl it
ucbulnus idcii of Dr. l.ciiry‘s prisl. '

'l'imiiiliy I.criry lost his cliniciil psychologist
position til Harvard University in I‘M} iittcr
cxpcrimcnting with “sucriimciitiil sulisuinccs"
it IIll "CL'I'Cltl‘iIl vitiimins“ (known to mc rind you
its LSD), In 1966(thut's uni: ycur bcl'urc Sgt.
Pepper‘s. kids). he founded lhc‘l.cuguc for
Spiritqu Discovery. it “legally incorporated
religion dcdicutcd to the uncicnt sucrcd sc-
qucncc ofturning on. tuning in. and dropping
out." it.) compiircd his use of LSD to thc wriy u
biologist uses it microscope. to reach other
levels of consciousness, to set: What otherwise
ciin not be seen.
In I970 Lcury wus busted twice for the stunt
offensc (carrying miirijuiinii (ivcr ihc 
Mcxicun border) tinii riftcr spcnding ll few
months in prison. he settled II twclvc foothiin
wirc fence and cscupcd tr) Algiers whcrc hi: wris
griiiiicd politicul iisylum. Ilc wus cvciiiuully
cxtrudiicd from Afghunstun iind wus forccd to
spend three ycurs and nine months in prison
before being pumicd in April. I976.
lie is now “no longer interested“ in the mind
drugs tliiit hc ciicmiriigcd so muny tliiiuiiiinds
I‘ll Youths in the '(ills in ignornnily ingest rind
inslcud considers himself it pliilnsoplicr. He
believes “ihc function (it"pliilnsnphcrs is to br-
Ing new idcus out iind then turn them over to
engiuccrs. Drugs iirc rciilly like big biisiiicss
now.“ it business which Dr. I.ciiryi'riuiiicicd.
in the ‘603 Dr. Lciiry proved hinisclfiigiic Ill

 

knl’o‘llllil llitit gcncruiinn‘s youth with the type

FEBRUARY 15, 1977

rCloryell’s Conce

 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 

  

vocally announcing their displeasure way
before the end oftheir hour and ﬁfteen minute
set. Obviously the audience was anxious to

hear Corycll.

Corycll opened with the title tune from on
album he did with guitarist Ralph Towner.
called “The Restful Mind." As most of the
other numbers in the set. this was performed

on the acoustic guitar.

thn he finally appeared on stage. Corycll

was wurmly received by the audience.

“I survived the '6tl's.“ Corycll reﬂected after
the conccri. “I‘m rciilly playing it fccling thiiti
crcntcd . . . | worshipped llcndrix iind Chip-

ton.“

Emerging in thc curly '70's us one of thc
prcmici‘ ruck-jun guiturisis. he has been
critici/cd [or oftimcs pluying too much. too
lust. too long. llc hus progressed since then.
slowing his playing. making his notes more

meaningful lic bus mziturcd.

up

nniilyrcd them." It obviously helped him.

At one point. Corycll did tin unexpected
inovc. switching from playing guittir. to the

Leary: Modern Day Isaiah
or Merely a Sham?

of fantasies iind unrealistic hype that they hud
lciirncd us television's first generation. Lust
Sundiiy‘night, lit.‘ iricd the same approach with
It morc cxpcricnccd. second gcncruiion. Hc
filch thc iiudicncc with ideas of Space Migru-

 

lion. Intclligcncc lncrcusc. iind Lifc Exten-
sion. (SMILE). He reminded usthut "the US.
is now being run by the successful ‘hcuds' (if
ihc Wis" (Remind yoursclf that Dr. Leary is
ccrtuinly mic nftlic most successful "builds" of
ihc ’tills. Wluii docs that imply?)

“I. I cury is ri muster ofduublc-tiilk illlll cun
ciisily swuy tlic utiwury listener to believe [but
Aiucricu's ciitry intii spucc is closely
uniiliiguus iii liiiriipc's inigrution in the New
World. Ilis pseudo-scientific [ipbriiiging hiis
criiiscd him in inisuitcrprct iind conlusc biisic
cnnccpts iii gcnctics iind cvolution iind lic
iIllL'pliy pussies this inisiiifiiriniitinii on [0 his
uucruitinus iiiidicncc.

'I'iinriiliy iciir'y is not ii riiriicul. lie is more
Amcricun iliiiii yiui iind l. Iii: offers lIIl ulter-
tiiitivc l0 tliuiic who curse ihc scx iind violence
of bricks. inoi'ics. und thcvisinn.‘ inliictcd
upon society by cuptiiilisis. who in their own
wuy. form iui tinti-ciiiiililiiiluncm cstiihlisli-

criplc wunt to hciir virtuoso. not glib.‘
(‘ocycll cxplriincd. “I tripcd old scts iind thcn I

 

 

rt Rocks Audience

I

piano for is Jim Webb time. Though not
known for his piano playing. Corycll did a
respectable job. due to having played the
piano for several years. At the end of the
regular set. he switched to playing guitar. play-
ing “Funky Waltz". from an earlier album.

To further confuse the instruments. Corycll
then played a tune on the acoustic guitar by
pianist Chick Corcu entitled “Spain.” Though
well performed. it seemed to luck the vitality
ofthc original. Corycll then switched ton wail-
ing electric guitar. If uny thing. the electric
pair of ilic sci pnrtruycd his rock and blues
I’OOIS.

'l'licrc is dct'initcly something incongruous

‘Gudounov’ for All _

Iiy S'I'EI'IIEN ALMASI

Iiic SUNYA ()pcrii Workshiipfs “Music in
'I'licutrc." prcscntcd this past Fridiiy iIIId
Sriiurduy in ihc l'criurining Arts (.‘cntcr. giivc
its iiinbitiuus priigriim ii convincing rcnditiou.
'llic Uiiii'crsily Singch ('horiilc itud
Orchcstrn. dcspitc thc physicul shortcomings
(ll ihc I’AC‘s Maui 'I'hciitrc. worked well
together. l‘Cllllll‘cd on the program wcrc
Riilph Viiuglirin Willinms‘ cuntiiui Drum
Nil/If." I'llt’t‘lil. liccihiivcn‘s lz'giimrii uvcrturc.
iind ihc curriniiiiun sccnc lriim Mussurgiiky‘s
upci’ii [turn (r'iir/riiirlni'.

Vuughun Williiims is one oi the must
thoroughly includic iil inudcrn Citillpllhcl‘s.

lllh music. whilc r'cpctitivc iii lIIIIC' "inch

  
  

i a kupferherg
Dr. Timothy Leary. former King of the LSD and visionary mystic ot the tuture, dream: of

ontobllehlng the American Utopia.

main with 'l iinothy I.criry ris uric ofits lcudcrs.
Now tluil‘s Amcricuni

In this. his second crirccr. Dr. Lcnryis trying

to continue his role us it prophet offcringultcr-
nutivc visions of thc fiiturc in tin ulicnritcd
gcncriitinn. Lciiry's l'uturc iii it pIII'IIIIOld
WlllldriIWlIl into itn ittriinizcd society; it vision
of running IlWity ruthcrthiin t'ricing his rcspon-
sibiliiics of building iind mending society iind
huniunity.

Ii bus liccoiiu: pnpiiliir for us to brutiilly iind
rclcntlcssy critici/c Amcricuii sucicty. Lcnry.
tlic pcrfurmcr. must be sccn like it mirror.
ciistiiig ii rcilcciiun of tlic iiudicncc. The two
criniiot bc dnurcud-or scpuriitcd from each
other. I.ciiry‘s Iriigcdy is thiil hubris hild to co-
upi ihc vtilucs Ill ihc vcry culture he iii trying to
chiingc iii urilcr iii propiigutc his new gospel.
In iliis criiiicxi. I'imnihy Lciiry is understood
us it milepost (in the fund to American dis-
intcrgriiliun.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

titted with viiituilly cngugiiig scenery iind
costumes. would be something worth seeingy

minimum

and “Johnny II. Goodc.“

The final song of theI regular-show wuii Jim
Perry tune called “Witche Tu Tu." where Cor-
yeII disproved rumors that he: n’t'ring. With
his amp turned up to full volume during this

song. his playing was very reminiscent of Jlmi, .

Hendrix (who incidentally came. from the
.,same city as Corycll). '
As an encore. Corycll performed a new
piece. “Gloria” on the acoustic guitar also
written by Jim Webb. Of all the pieces he had
played. this one was the most beautiful-
mutching dexterity with ionality. a wonderful
blend: “There is nothing between you and the
guitar.“ Corycll noted in reference to playing
on the acoustic as opposed to.theclcctric (vis a
vis synthcsircd) giiittir. “Yiiu'rc buck to what u
rciil guitar sounds likc.“ ’

cilcclivcly lrum nuisy cxliiiltiitinn lU lyric
tenderness. Syliiii Kiiichukiiiii. thc sopruno
soloist. prtt\’lt.lt.‘(l llli.‘ right air of mystery trir
Williiims.’ lhc sir-ings' playing priiycd oc-
ciisiniiiilly lucky ihruiigb tlic urclicsiriil nut-
bursts ihui dui Williiims‘ cuntiitii: thcy Iiitcr
rcdccmcd themselves through their line per-
tiiriniincc in [firm (i'iri/riitrriii'.
l’crcussivc cilccis. cnuplcd with thc bruss.
pritvcd to be u highlight (ll Williiim's piccc.
ihcsc ciiiirdiniitcd wcll wtt h tlic singing oi the
chorus.
the light sliiiw stiigcil during ihc cuntiitri
hiid intci'cstiiig pussihiliiics. A gull/c Clirlilill
hung iiiiiislucciuly iicriiss ihc chorus iii ilic
iiiitsct. Spiiiliglits iii \zii‘iiunr sluich pliiycd
tit-rim Ilic clil‘li'IlII iiiid Ihc clinurs bcliind Il.
iciiding ilic cyc buck iind Iiirtli. Nciir Ilic cud.
tlic diuiiiiilic iimiiiciii (ll llic ciii‘ttiin's raining
mlrlcd in ilic music‘s thrilling climiix.
lliiliii'iuiiiiiciy. illuiiiiiiiitiiin crciitcd by the
iii'chcsti'ii‘s music lumps crisi llic conduclur’s
sliiidiiu ncrim ilic riiiil iii ilic thcutrc. llius
iiiiignilicd. lun gcsiui'cs disti'uclcd unciimlnr-
t:ilil_\ li’iiin ihc ciiliirs playing iinstugc. l‘crliups
this pi‘iiblcin L'llil hc wrirkcd iiui.

Mitiuuy ihi'riugli Williiiius. tlic ciiiiuicsiinc
ciiiiy lll buiiiiiiic lcrrcncc Divycr prmcd II
[Ilcilhilill siii'prisc. lllh siiigiiigis Itill-thriiiilcd.
\\’IllL‘-I’Illti_.’llig. dt‘rinuilic )ci includious. lhc
nicniiciiig Iccl ill lllh piiri crinlrnstcd \tlllt ihc
iingclic rispii'iiliiins iii ihc chorus.

In lcrms built 0| iciigth iind cluborutcncss.
ihc WIllIilmh‘ Cilnlillit was the dominant work
of ihc cvcning. A hushcd noic t'orsoprunound
chorus pmVidcd iin unlorgcttublc ending.

ihc thciitrc‘s wretched design proved
riggruvuiiiig during the one solely orchestral
piccc. Iiccihovcn's Iz'gniuri/ Overture. What is
one to do while the orchestra remains in-
visiblc‘.’ l'hc wulls are as barren as SUNY wulls
CiIII be. At lcusl Some spotlights might have
blinked on ihc stugc's closed curtain! This
visuul monotony mndc me restless. Between
two mussivcly romantic choral compositions.
however. this short cliissicnl statement for
orchcstrri sccmcd n thoughtful addition to the
progrum.

sickly riispbcrrics Irom the brass. during
ihc upcning moments of Boris Giuluurrov.
dciimnstrutcd some inconsistency of piiiy.
Liiicr on, this stunt: suction increased in
volume. miiking ill) exciting uddition to the
lustivc niiiurc oi ilic music.

or [turn Ullt/ttlllitll' itscll. there seemed
simply not enough! I wus griiict'ul Mr. Dwycr
liiid u cluiiicc to deliver II durkly tragic uria
between the chorus‘s ccrcmoniiii chuntings.
Still. the contrasted writing for male and
iciniilc singers provided very satisfying sound.

Ccrtiiinly. it full ripcrii by this group. out-

. p«
though about umusicien in a light bluc. three
piece suit wailing away. playing “Bo Diddley"-’ _. .

 

PAGE SEVENTEEN

   
 
   
  

  
  
  
 
 
   
      
              
           
            
          
            
       
              
      
    
      
    
    
     
       
       
        
      
     
     
   
   
       
      
          
   
  

4 «. «bu-LP. A

         
            
      
 
 
     
   
 
 
   
  
     
  
 
    
   
    
   
  
  
  
  
   
     
   
  
  
   
    
     
   
   
  

  

..M.M.wuiwu¢¢u w.....u... . -»

