 
 
     
      

\

t
V

   
  

.4.

7"..- _
w :21;sz
I

This»... as!

 

 

.mmeacamﬁwgﬂ

 

 

 

(viewpoint

 

 

.1  j 4‘ _ on. “cam...

 ‘ Concerns.

by Tim Ledivltli

will honor these commitments. at least in

The facesinthe SROcrowd onthemorning writing. But. beeaII'se-thestate bureaucracy

bus are familiar again. and the daily grind has viewed the matter in terms of dollars and cents

‘ taken shape in these ﬁrst long weeks of the (a CDTA takeover will insure eligibility for
semester. For'all of us. daytodayconcerns are matching federal fundsthat the University bus
piling up — perhaps more quickly than we service’does not receive). the decision now
might prefer —— but the challenges arcstill new appears to be almost entirely out of the
and, hopefully. exciting. Fromthe perspective University's hands. Open hearings on the
of students living off campus. the daily grind takeover.have been scheduled for Tuesday.
this fall is being ﬂavored by a number ofnew Sept. 20. at Alumni Quad. but there are no
issues and concerns — some encouraging. indications that representatives from either

some less than encouraging. .and some
downright depressing. A few of the more

signiﬁcant of these concerns are:

CDTA or the Division of the Budget will
attend.
Emergency Fire Aid — The Off Campus

Certificate ofVOecupIney — The City of Housing staff has recently worked out a

Albany has passed it long awaited and much
needed ordinance stating thtit for every

available rental unit. the landlord must obtain

a Certiﬁcate of Occupancy (C.O.). which

shoWs the unit has been inspected by city

officials and has met health. fire. and safety
code requirements. this new ordinance looks

\cry good on till. books. and could really

improic the housing situation in Albany. but
its effect will be minimal unless potential
tenants are aware of the importance of (3.0.
So. belore you make any arrangements to
rent. risk to .we l/lt‘ (.t'rIl/ieurcoI'Or'r-u/mnci'.

('D'I’A Bus Line Takeover At this point.
the picture is pretty discouraging. Over the
summer. while most of the affected students
here not in this area. the SU NY Division of
the liudgct applied very serious pressure in
ittHll' ot translcrring bus service from the
llniicrsity into the hands of CDTA. At that
time. the Hus Committee made an effort to
include the students' perspective inthc bus line
negotiations and tried to postpone any final
commitments ttnlil the fall.

In a tncmo to the lius (‘ommittce dated
Sept. l. Robert Stiercr. Assistant Vice
President lor l'lnttllCCiIlttl liusiness.statcdthe
tlniicrstty's commitments to the need for
equitalent seniee. to the legal ohligatioii to
current busdriicrs rcgardingtltcirjobs. andto
the assurance ol adequate funding for bus
scniCL‘ iii the future. It is very likely that any
ctcntual agreement made by the University

speciﬁc plan for aiding students whose
apartments are struck by ﬁre. In such
unfortunate instances. the Off Campus
Housing Ofﬁce will be contacted by Security
and will locate on campus housing for people
affected. Meal passes and housing will be
provided free of charge for three days. And if
the student who is burned out of his or her

home seeks a new off campus residence. the

Off Cttmpus’ Housing staff will help in that

regard.

Utility Deposits »7 This year. the Niagara
Mohawk Power Corporation has reinslititted
a long dormant policy of requiring initial
deposits for utility service. These deposits are
being imposed upon customers who do not
meet a list of credit requirements. and many
students have had difﬁculty meeting these.
When it deposit is considered necessary. it is
based on the sum ofthe two highest monthly
bills paid by the previous tenants in the
particular apartment. Ranging uptoacouplc
til hundred dollars. these deposits can present
a serious burden at a time when book bills.
tuition costs. food and rent are already
draining our linunccs.

these are it few ofthe important new issues
confronting students who live til'l'catnpus. For
any additional information about off campus
housing. or for help with tiny hassles that
develop in your tiwn housing situation. strip lit
at the ()II Campus Housing Offiec(nearchcck
rushing) or call at 457-4843.

 

 

P6 ER Flor
PL 6 COP
“COLUH  ’

 

V6 TO WED
l T0 lTALIAlU‘é?

 

 

 

JUVD ii
PLA‘r‘S 
' 5LVECCHl0.”

accuse
we expecFiROfn orgasms

%\

\
9"; % an”  %

 

F

vp on cells

To the Editor:

in the l2 months that l have served in the
Ofﬁce of Vice President for Finance and
. Business, I have interacted with many students
about important Campus issues. Dialogue has
been most fruitful when factual information
was used as a basis for discussion. I believe
that the CDTAsCampus issue can best be
understood through a more detailed iteration
of the history and relevant factual data.

Eighteen months ago the Campus was
approached. by CDTA -to consider the
feasibility of providing bus service to our
Campus. In the following seven months. there
were informal discussions between the
Campus and CDTA but most ofthe time was
spent by CDTA in examining data and
statistics about the campus bus service.

In September. l976 as l assumed the
position of Acting Vice President. l
‘ “ ','-,,‘ iaBusf‘ "
comprising Plant personnel. Student Services
staff and students with a rather sweeping
charge to explore a possible arrangement with
CDTA that might improve our service.
identify problems or issues of concern to
members of the University Community and
developappropriaic recommendations. At the
outset we were aware of the sensitivity of
contractual ramiﬁcations involving our bus
drivers.

This Bus Committee met at least nine times
between Sept. I976 and Aug. 1977 and
members attended four meetings held withthe
Division of Budget. The Committee delved
into all kinds of problems and concerns.

External pressures to look seriously to
CDTA asa contractor began inJan. I977. The
Division of Budget expressed a keen interest in
the financial beneﬁts to CDTA if a contract
could be drawn relating to Federal matching
funds. On March I4 and July l9 we
communicated in writing to the Division of
Budget describingthc status ofdiscussions but
more importantly. indicating key issues that
could not be resolved by the Campus and
requiring resolution by other State agencies.
These issues were enumerated in both letters.
namely. continued comparable employment
lor all present drivers. the equivalent or
improved bus service. the sole source bidding

 

FEIFFER

L

M

‘ question and a guarantee for continued Stat

funding. FiVe meetings were called by the
Division of Budget during th e
which times problems and issues we.
discussed. At no time did the Division oi
Budget exert any pressure on the Ctlmpusto
enter into a contract in tlte absence or
resolving the issues I noted above.

Periodically as discussions proceeded out
bus drivers were advised directly or ilttlil‘ccll'
of what was happening. During the entry:
process students were actively involved in all
aspects of the discussions.

In summary. from my vantage point this
process has been an open and frank
opportunity for campus constituencies in
parttctpatc in an administrative problem of
some magnitude prior to reaching .t decision,
Yes. there have been some external pressure
to look at the question objectively htit noncto
force a contract without rcsolimg dominant
issues regarding drivers. equaliti of serum.
sole source bidding and funding tint-snout.
Front the beginning Campus ottictzils hate
painstakingly refused to accept ittiytltlngshort
of equivalent or bettcr sL‘HICL‘ and illin
resolution of these other issues.

.ltiltti A llarltgtni
Vice President for
Finance and llttslllt‘ss

c summer at

us
versus them

To the Editor:

in its ﬁrst editorial of the ilciltlt‘tlllt,’ )L‘tlt
the ASP casually ChﬂrﬂCtCI‘I/t’d a professor
as being “anti~student." because til the
professor‘s views on liberal aits tltsttibulititi
requirements. Tilt: ASI’ is not going to b.-
l'ooled by professors Wlttisc t'tlltt'ttlttitlttl
philosophy is a mask for Visceral tltingtiiltstll
toward students.

However. those who rcdttcc other issues.
such as the Vietnamese War tit the Panama
Canal treaty to patriotism. group stilltltllll) or
their opposites. arcjustly \’lt,'\\ctl as lilltllt’l’ilill
and lacking the refinements ot .t llllt‘tiil
education. It is ironical that \t) llltlli\ Itsl‘
editorial writers. whose anti-Vtctuatiicsc “in
politics immunizcs them lrtiiti lllt' t'titm‘t
forms of political cltuiivtiitsni. llL'\ct l llL'lC\s\L't‘
the world from an even tiarrtiiici “its” \L'l\ll\
"them" perspective.

Malctiliii \lit-itunn
Mathematics liepaittnrnt

 

 

 

lml S '
VISPEUCtgF

I

I

 

o0
tttfrs
EDWNUW

 

 

 

 

 

 

in

 

. “$35452, ,

 

 

 

comment

 

 

 

V please
write me

To the Editor:

I have been locked up six years now. serving
time for a burglary conviction. on a ﬁve toten
year sentence. Come this March l am.due to be
released on parole. A friend told me that I
could write to a college if i wanted to receive
mail and perhaps gct visitors as well —to help
me get familiar with society once again. i have
no family, and during these six years
incarceration l have gotten perhaps a half
dozen visits. mostly fromlcgal organizations.

I have truly forgotten what it is like to deal
with people on life outside of these walls. I
hope to get a few replies to this letter.
pcrchance even make a few friends. I am
almost afraid to go outside these walls. for I
know no one ottt there. And after six years in
prison it will be hard to make friends ~77 with
so much going to be held against me from the
start.

I hope a few people will write. lit'iellyabout
myself. i am 28 years old. 6'l" tall. weigh
about l95. very dark brown hair. brown eyes.
and Italian. | write songs. poetry. and play
guitar. I also play football. and am a Vietnam
veteran. And i am originally from Long
Island. I will appreciate anyone willing to give
me a chance to get to know me. Thank you.

Charles Ventura #72-C-l l4
Box 367-Mcrle Cooper Program
Dannemora. New York l2929

a gift
of love

To the Editor:

An open letter to the souls of this world.

I believe in God and I also know of the
existence of Satan. the dcceivcr. Satan has
deceived the generations. past and present.
into believingthat life is merely living. This is a
deception because the purpose ofthis life is to
provide an opportunity for all to rcturtt to
(itid.

“For all litch sinned titid fall short of the
glory of God." (Romans 3:23)

The result til our runs is spiritual separation
from God.

"For the wages of sin is death." (Romans
6:23)

This separation is the cause of the pain and
suffering in our world. Without (iod, life is
empty. It is a continual search for tltc
‘somcthing‘ that is missing. Without (iod. life
is also short. Once death hits taken us it is
forever.

“And the witness is this. that (iod has given
us eternal life. and this life is in His Son. He
who has the Son has life; he who does not have
the Son ofGod does not litive life. These things
i have written to you who believe iii the name
of the Son of (iod. iii ordcrtliat you may know
that you have ctertntl life.“ (I John S: I l-l3)

'l o receive Jesus Christ and ‘belicve' is not a
state of mind but an experience. There must be
a point in your life where you rccognire your
sins for what they are. Repeat oftliem and ask
(iod for H is forgiveness. in Jesus‘ name. Jesus.
who was without sin. died on the cross to pay
the penalty for our sins. By accepting His
sacrifice. “the wages of sin‘ are ptiid. in not
accept. or to not decide. either way. your sins
tire accountable to yott. You alone must pay
the penalty death. I

Repent of your sins. iisk llis forgiveness. in
Jesus' name. and invite Jesus into your life so
that He can help you be the kind of person He
wants you tti be.

Jesus says; " llcliold. I stand ill the door and
knock; it anyone hears my voice and opens the
tlt)t)l.'l will come iii to hint." (Rev. 3:20)

And His proniiscisthis: “For God so lovctl

the world. that He gave His only begottenw
Son. that whoever believes in Him should not
perish. but have eternal life.“ (John 3:l6)

l bring this message to you. as a servant in
Jesus Christ. so that you may be aware of the
choice that you must make to receive eternal.
life. No longer will Satan deceive you.

Bob Snyder
Delmar. New York

sorority
greeting

'l'o’the Editor:

Are you looking for something to do on
weekends? Do youfeelthat you are not getting
to really know very many people on this
campus”! Would it interest you to ﬁnd a group
of people that want to get as much as they can
out of college life. and who are working to
provide for themselves social. academic.
athletic. political. and community scrvico
experiences?

Kappa Delta is a woman's group — a
sorority made out of people who are
learning and growingand having fun together.
We‘d like tosharc it with everybody. or at least
have you cotnc to one of our open house-style
parties to meet people and talk for awhile.

Okay. so we're a Greek group. Now you can
find out exactly what that means. Greek life is
living with a whole group of people who are
tnorc than just acquaintances — they have
become your close friends. Every sorority has
different activities and ideas within itself. so
that there is always someone willing to
participate with you in anything you may like
to do. We want you to see what we‘re like. and
it may turn out to be interesting.

Debi Schwartz

Laurie Lettko

Rush Captains. Kappa Delta
Sorority

looking for
lawyers

To the Editor:

in evaluating the legal servtces to be
provided lortlie students oft his university. the
background of tlte legal firm to be contracted
must be thoroughly cltecked.

it is especially important to be sure in a
housing dispute that the SA lawyer whom you
hope Will be helping you is ttot also tilt retainer
to the landlord who is holding on to your
security deposit.

it is important that an SA lawyer has a
student perspective so as to represent student
sutts.

Name withheld

picking at food

To the Editor:

With all the problems facingtbe st iidents on
this campus. the Albany Student Press has
stooped to picking on food service in its
editorial.

A mayoral primary whose impact will be
felt by all of us (especially those off campus).
the beginning of a movement to unionizc the
students on this campus. and the choice of a
new SA lawyer were all chronicled in the news
section. yet the editors still picked up on the
tired old refrain of “why lit the food still so
terrible?"

On campus food seems to have actually
improved this year. and the new deli to open
soon should be it boon to commuters.

And besides. you can eat all you want...

i Name witlihetd

  

The Height Of Nerve  ' v a -: 
all evil. in other Words. the annual stipend hassles are here again, and
bigger and better than ever. A

in a noble effort to trim expenses, SA has decided to eliminate all
stipends—except, of course, for the SA executive branch, whose
members must be paid to effectively cut down on spending.

Stipends are necessary. As WCDB General Manager Paul Rosenthal
said, they are a “symbolic acknowledgement” of services rendered. What
SA has continually failed to understand is that the precise‘amount of the
stipend is unimportant; it is consistency that counts.

if, in a money-saving move, SA decided to cut all stipends by 50 per
cent across the board, there would be few complaints. if there are
ﬁnancial troubles, fine. But to complain of too large a stipend payroll
and then proceed to cut all but the execs’ is the epitome of greed, conceit
and plain stupidity.

Instead of creating a position (a stipended position, perhaps?) to
investigate academic credit for extracurricular work, SA President
Dave Gold would best serve his constituents by coughing up $l500 and
tossing the whole thing back into the budget come Monday morning.

And Gold‘s justification for Record Co-op stipends? “It was a great
burden on a few people to make sure of its success." That statement fits
every major student group on this campus.

The stipend issue should not bejudged on a situational basis. There
must be a policy, and it must be a consistant policy. And no changes
should be made before the adoption of that policy.

In The Heart Of The Country

There’s a list that hangs in more than a few offices on this campus; it's
entitled “69 Sure-FireWays to Avoid Change." One of the items on the
list reads “There are a number of options being considered. . . "

Oddly enough, that same quote sprang from the lips of Residences
Director John Welty in reference to the plight of the students living at
the Country Squire Motel.

Presently, those 68 students are arriving at SUNYA each day for
classes only because of the feelings of obligation ofthe motel manager.
When the Wellingtonjoined SUNYA’s dormitory family. the bus route
was dutifully altered. Why no such alteration for the Country Squire?

At least take the bi—hourly van run out of the hands of the motel
management. it is a poor reflection on the competence ofthe residence
staff that students must be housed eight miles down the road; forcmg
them to pay to reach campus is completely ludicrous.

 

 

Samar. Raooio Editqr-in- Chief
.ioNA'riMN Honors Managing Editor
WAL'I'EI TIIOIMAN Business Manager

JIZANNI Jav I’mdm'lion Manager

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 'l'itoMAS MARTELLO
.. .MA'l‘l‘HliW Cox. ANITA UNTEHWEISER
 EDDIE EMniiMAN
Anny FiuusroNi:
. .JoN Laurens
.. BRIAN CMIILL
. MitiiMi-ztsriztu

News soiroa . . . . . . . . . . .
ASSOCIATI. news izuir
Srons entroit . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Asstxzisr: srortrs izm'ros
l-Zol'roliiii. lMil EDITOI . . . .
Anvur ' ' Manson
Sans reasoNNsi . . . . . . .

   
   
 
  

 

 

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Mixi: ARDAN. th‘

GUI/thin: .‘I'tlnk Smith

Morgue: Sandy Robinson

Prodin'li'riri: lrenc Firmiit. Evan
Fortinsky. Karen liamilton.ll)uve
Kaplow. Debbie Kopf. Vicki I
Kan/man. Lynn Lauler. Laurie
Lesko. Jeff levitnn. Hope
Mttrgulies. Denise Mason. Sieve
Mover. Amy Phillips. Meg
Roland. .lotin Silvcrblntt. Amy
Soars. Laurie Studwcll. Kim
l'timmolo. laura Wulke

Stu/1' writers: llryun llolzberg. Edward
Radcr. Paul Rosentlittl. leslie
Vingan _ I

Tower 'Irlbune: Lorraine Libertorc

Preview: Helene ’l'tinnor

Zodiac: Laurie (ilascr

[A mid: Kelly Kita

Bl ling: Debbie Yelin ‘

Payroll manager: lillcii Vl’tne

Classiﬁeds: Dtivid Phillips

Circulation: ldu 'l'rtischen

Mead U'Ilixl.‘ Jody Wilner

(.‘tirriposlilon: l’nt Mcfilynn

ESTA BLISII E!) [9/6

'Ilie Albany Student Press is pulilii'lietlevery Tuesday and Friday duringtlierclurulyear by the
Alhanii Student Press (.‘tirporaiiort. an independent rial-for-proﬂt organization. Edtitirln
[in/lei" Li determined by the Edllur-In-Cliisf. and is subject to review by Ilie Mail/trad Staff.
Mailing address: Allrrini' Student hers. CC 129. I400 Waihlrtg/on Ava, Albany. N Y [.22).

Once again, SA has managed to prove that money is indeed the root of '

 

 

AleN rudenr ion
nos-o or oiitircroiis
SrntiiiiiN Batman 0 SPaNca RAOOIO 0 Datum Games

 

 

_J

 

rm. mm. m .tr'l17vvttllwirr. rum “HUM,,mummmun-m...

 

 

»tt.ritilittrrs5.i Lit tr

um I turn

  
   
   

  
    
 

 
 

 
   
  
   
   
      
   
    
  
  
   
    
   
  
     
   
    
      
    
   
  
    
      
     
   
  
   
  
   
  
 
   
    
    
  
  
   

1

a. A Y..A._._..y . u

  

.“-—v,,)-.,. 5.,a...‘e..<..¢. .37.. -4....r_,.;..g

 

.‘ \naf... H. a. «f 1,"_ V‘

 

 

 

 

 
 

