 

V...-N-.~.._.m.mtxumwmw;mmm,c . A

‘l
i

l
.l
"l
.i


i

 575

,_ iglyDAVIQVGOLDH, VRSCH
'  String O'tt'irto’t

' Wolff Italian Serenade.

_Mozart: Slring‘QuarIei in D‘Major. K.

Schumann: Quintet in E Flat Major.

‘5 Opfuiu'lth Findlay Cockrell onpianoz
‘ Fridaii. March Ill—Recital Hall, PAC
, 11iestringqiiartet is amongthe favorite '
of composers. Mozart wrote at least

twenty. and Haydn wrote over a hundred.
With all of Richard Wagner's ideas about

' how the Ninth Symphony reﬂects the
. triumph of vocal drama and instrumental
' music. Beethoven‘s finest and most

perceptive music is in his piano sonatas
and his String Quartets. With just the
four basic voices. a string quartet can
sound as» rich as a Tschaikovsky
symphonic slow movement. as driving as

‘ a Beethoven scherzo. and as delicate as a

Ravel dance.
' The Manhattan String Quartet is a
young group of musicians who presented

last Friday. '

They did tw0 things which pleased me
quite a bit. They tuned off-stage for the
most part. and they did not follow the
standard practice of placing the "new"
work —‘— the Wolf Serenade — right
before the intermission. The" IWolf
Serenade .yv  a :rhythrpjc. pretty/piece.
and it Was’a'fine choice foran opening;
I thought they handled the Mozart
rather well. considering the difficulties

PRESENTS

an admirable concert at the Recital Hall,

Icorner Robin St. SiCentral Ave.Albany

 

involved. I find Mozart extraordinarily
difficult to play. for he requireslgreat
control. clarity and speed. They did not
“tinkle” the music. as so often is done with
Mozart. There was a tendency: to
substitute faintness for softness. There
were. some problems in the last
movement. the Allegretto. l ascribe the
difficulties to a, device .of Mozart’s in
which the two violins play in octaves for a
while. after which the first violin breaks
away into a long. high line of triplets. The
ﬁrst player is out in the open. and any
shaking or quaking of the nerves is
deadly. '

The best piece on the program.
however. Was the Schumann Quintet. The
piece is so standard in its form that it
would make a modern composer
shudder. Yet. from the opening seventh-
chord. it is terribly alive and moving. It is
what I characterize as a “sturdy” piece. It
is not a “show-off" piece (indeed. most
Schumann comes across as “easy"). yet a
look at the score rcvealsjust how difficult
it is. The first movement is incredibly
syncopated. The piano is more of a
pulsation than a solo in the first
movement. and it literally drives the
movement to a climax.

The second movement. In Mada zl'tma
Marcia. is very beautiful. The violins are
scored almOst exclusively' in the viola

“range, which creates avery deep. throaty
' expression.

The last movement was good.’although
a bit unclear in spots. It was very

bite and bounce.

.syncopateddhen it bebn to runaway from I think the Manhattan String Quartet
" themusicians. although they. soon caught
up with it. On the whole. it had plenty of

shows good promise and very good taste.
I hope they continue to play together: I

_ would like to see them again.

Delightful .‘Damesf

y SUSAN SATKOM’SKI
Dames al‘Sea was presented last Friday.
and Saturday night by the Experimental

~. Theatre Board at the PAC. To this critic.

the production was a delight in all
respects. . _

The play. a musical by George
Haimsohn and Robin Miller. is light in
terms of plot and theme. Basically. it tells
the story oftwo people that make good in
their ﬁght against the cold heart of
Broadway. Marie Rafter plays Ruby. the
innocent and simple girl from Centerville.
Utah. who comes to New York with stars
in her eyes. hoping to get a chance to
dance. Timothy Burke plays Dick. a
sailor who writes songs on the side. just
waiting for the opportunity to have them
heard. Rafter and Burke were both
humorous and convincing in their
portrayals.

Demanding

Randy-Barbara Kaplan plays Mona
Kent. the glamorous and demanding. yet
slightly clumsy and un—cultured star.
Kaplan is at her best when Mona tries to
sound cultured. but ends up mis-
pronouncing every French word she uses.
In one particular number..she is perched
atop a piano. Despite her attempts to bea
vamp. she ends up clumsily sliding offthe
piano.

Bruce Altman has a dual role as

,Hennesey. the piodlicer. and Captain

Courageous. Altman is successful in
shifting back and forth between the two
parts. As Hennesey. he has to pbrtray the
brash Broadway producer. and uses a
heavy New ,York accent. His accent
seemed slightly forced at first. but as the
play progressed. it became better. As the
sea-captain. he switches to a Southern
accent- His portrayal of the captain who
commands a ship. but is still tied to his
mother‘s apron strings is very funny.
Adrienne Rahinowitz and Jeff Dunetz
had supporting roles and Joan and
Lucky. respectively. Joan is a loud.
matter of fact. "always with an answer"
dancer and singer. Adrienne effectively
uses her voice and expressions in
portraying her. Dunetz handles his part
as the bright-eyed and cheerful sailor who
has an eye for the ladies with ease.
The dialogue. music. and

"choreography provided a combination

that was entertaining and pleasurable.
Rabinowitz was strong throughout all of
her songs. but Kaplan and Rafter Were
weak at some points in the play. Timothy
Burkc has a fine voice. and seemed at ease
with.al| of his songs. On the whole. the
musical numbers were delightful. The
numbers were wonderfully
chbreographcd. and the cast cxccutcd
them well.

 

 

STONY CREEK

Fri. & Sat. April I & 2
$|.00 Admission

Thc Good Times Music of

SlPONGEY naucnrs',

Sun. April 3-

 

. v ' \.
vmgm.m . :5; sensor ULSI'EK ACADEMY Scheme mun

 

 

 

SA Vice President
Central Council (All Quads)
Class Officers (I978. I979)

Student AssOciation Spring Elections

Self-N omination Forms will be available

for the following Offices:

SA President

University Senate (All Quads)
SASU Student Assembly?!)

W Myskania

WVWWWVWUUW
Nominations open Monday, March 28 — Close Friday, April 15

Elections will be Tuesday, April 26 to Thursday, April 28

Alumni Board

Forms will be [available 9-5 class days in the SA Office. Campus Center 346

funded by student association

 

 

 

 

L

a_

ALBANY STUDENT muss ‘

MARCH 29. 1977

 

 

Brothers didn‘t play. it was definitely Sea
Level that foll‘owedtlohn Hammond on
stage at Page Hall. in a concert presented
by the University_Concert Board.

Good news because it would be a waste
for such a talented quartet to spend their
’time playingja collection of some other
band'ii'greatest hits.

Hammond came on to warm the
audience up. Perhaps because of the
unusual time of the concert. 9:00 on a
Sunday night. there was an effort to get
the show started as soon as possible.
Playing by himself on an acoustic guitar
and accompanying himself on the
harmonica. Hammond laid down a well
planned collection of Rhythm and Blues.
Most of the songs were obscure blues
numbers (the only one I could pick out
was “Siatesborough Blues“. which he
played early on). but John made each
song distinct with his flashy gtiitar work.

it was his ability to do something with
each song. usually by changing the
tempo. that kept the audience listening.
mostly because they didn‘t know what to
expect next. After laying the audience
back with a slow blues he would bring
them back with a rollicking number that
would bring the audience to applause.

Mixing in some slide guitar. his style
was mtich like that of James Cotton or
Lightning Hopkins. ilnd it definitely was
it reflection on the audienceto say it was a
slylc warmly welcome. About halfway
through his act. someone ycllcd for Sea
Level. A froan row enthusiast told the

heckler what he could do with himself.
only not in so many words. and
Hammond seemed to appreciate the
support he was getting.

Hammond got better witheiich song so
that by the time he did his encore he was
at his best for the night. Thanking the
audiénce. he took his seat on stage and let
loose with a fast number that showed off
some of the bcst finger work to be had
from any guitarist.

After a brief l5 minute wail. record
time for any concert. Sea Level took the
stage. They began their set with a song
called “Grand Larceny“ from their first
album. Their music comes on strong and
their enthusiasm is clearly expressed in it.
It is lotid htll not overwhelming: it is well
arranged but doesn't sound rehearsed.
There is cnough interpretation and
improvisation in their music to reflect on
their ability.

What impressed mc most about the
band was the ability of drummer Jai
J ohanny .lohit nson to infl ucncc the sound
of the music. From a small drtitn set. fotlr
drums and five cymbals. he was able to
get a variety of sounds and effects.
sometimes determining the shape the
music was to take. This muycxplain why
.lohanson's drum set was placed at the
front of thc stugc instcad of behind the
build where the drummer usually sits.

throughout tbs show the band played
an excellent blend of blues and jazz
clcmcnts. Evenduringtwoslttndtird blucs
numbers like “Sttttcsborough Blues“ and
“Done Somebody Wrong" there was
cnough creativity to distinguish their
version frotn itnyrothcr vci'sion.-~

Shaw Pleasing

By SANDY RUIHNSON

(icorgc Bernard Shaw would have bccn
plctiscd with Wednesday night's
pcrtornuincc ol his delightful comcdiiy'.
(main/u. lhc ()ldcusllc l'hciitrc group.
dncctctl by Robert Sugarman. did it \cry
linc tob.

lllt.‘ stitgc was simply it singlc scl.
chongrng only in lighting throughout tlic
tltl'cc acts. Lhc action took phth on an
October Lth It) IBM in Victoria Park.
I'nglnnd. All ol the cliuractcl‘s wcrc nblc
to L'llrlllll'C lhc l'ngllsh ucccnt lllltl
maintain its authenticity Ior thc tiltt'ullott
ol the play.

lhc beginning of tltc first act was it mild
disappointment. in that thc pcrtormcrs
gayc a sluggish introduction of lllc action
to collie. Ihcir dialogue was mullch ill
some of the more important moments.
ubich resulted in a loss ol cohcsion,

ltric l’ctcrson portrayed lhc Rcycl'cnd
.htmcs Mayor Morcll with much control
and cxpcrtise. 'l'hc confident personality
ol the character was clearly conycycd.
('ollctic Cltagnon was a bit shy in her
initial attcmpts at the role of Proscrpinc
(iiirnctt. tllc typist. bill the character
quickly took form and each of her
mannerisms was in perfect place.
Marshall B. Williams' portrayal of the
Reverend Alexander Mill was not very
convincing. His lines were lifeless and his
gestures rigid. The role was it minor one.
but it contributed. in part. to the slow
start of the play. However. as more ofthc
performers took part. the play begun to
roll.

A variety of dialogues begun to take
place. and gradually a basic plot could be

 

constructed. It appeared that Eugene

MARCH 29, 1977'

Mmchbonks. u ho Wits supcrbly played

by Rlclltlltl llottc. wits lll low with the

Rc\crcnd .huncs‘ “llL' ('nndidu. who was
played by Shclh do lloll. Both Richard
and Shclli gztyc \cry prolcssionnl
pcrlormnnccs. | “us :imn/cd tll thc
nuthcittrcity o1 Sliclh‘s moycmcnls. facial
L‘\Pl'L‘\SltlllS. and itcccnttuitcd \oicc. All
\\L‘t'c typical o1 thc higth ctlttcnlcd. \ycll-
Inztnlicrctl \\illll:lll ol Iluil pcttod. Richard
could not ll;|\t' bccn bcttcr its the shy. ltt
\Clll—tlltl \ltlltil. Ihc itttthcncc could not
hclp but lttligli tit llll\ Plllllll. yct
cutcrtuimng L'llill octci

Also lll progrcss was l’roscrprilc‘s love
for lhc Rc\ctcntl .lmttcs. Ihc iitdtczrltozt
\tns stlhllc. btit ll dcwlopcd .l\ lhc play
plL‘hL'tl tip. \nothcr amusing character
\tns ('ntidtdit's lolhcl’. MI lltttgcss: Vick
I'cison “its lcrtilic Ill lhc tolc. HIS
dialogtic-dcli\cry. and gcsiuics \tc'lc
c\ccpttonu|.

Astdc lloni thc two ongoing onc
:rltlltcllolts. lhclc “its llll Illlpttlllllll
tindctlyuigidcii. l-orlhcltrst twoncts.tbc
Rcyci'cnd .httncs oppczircd to bc in total
command of both llic \llllltlltlll and thc
pcttplc. No oltccotlld out-do his innck \\ it
or ctldlcss prcaching. llowcycr. by the
third act. his position llilti \vcttkcucd. and
Candida had taken lhc stronghold.
l-ugcnc. who was no less than it nervous
\yt'cck around the Reverend .litmcs.
gradually strcnglhcncd his looting. until
finally he considered himself on unequal
basis \\ ith him. the roles wcrc cl'fcctivcly
llllllllpllllllt'tl by the performers so its to
allow tor this dcvclopttlcnt.

Willi this lnic strategic presentation.
the final moments of the lust secric had a
great impact as the picccs lcllintoplacc.

Much of this is attributed to Chuck
Lcavcll‘s work on the keyboards. My first
reaction to seeing Leavell on stage.
b ‘ardcd. wearing a .limmy Carter T-shirt.
was a little boy playing hooky from his
piano lessons to sneak over to a friend‘s
house and play ragtime on his friend‘s
piano. Lcavcll obviously has a
backround in classical music. and he
uses it in many songs. But it is clear what
he prcfcrs to play. He has a natural
tendency to ‘gct down to it‘and there were
several songs. such astbe band's haunting
version of Paul Simon‘s “Scarborough
Fair“. that changed abruptly from slow.
arrangcd pieces to freestyle boogie. It is a
switch that brings out the best in
l.cavcll~his feeling for the clcmcnts of
rhythm. His improvs and mclodies arc
hchin syncopated and. more titan that.
he looks likc he‘s enjoying what he‘s
playing.

Country Fool

The first half ofthc show also saw them
do “Shake A Leg" and “Country Fool“.
both off the ncw album. Hammond then
joined in on the harmonica for two well~
played R&B numbers. The second half
opcncd with “Tidal Wavc“. a song off the
album by Leavcll. ~ w v

The cast of Shaw’s ‘Candlda'. directed by Robert Sugarman.

Exhilarating Variety

liy S'l I‘l’llliN ALMASI

\\ ctlncsdoy‘x \plt‘lltlltl conccrt ol
choinbci' music It] St ‘ \l \'s Rccllttl Ilttll
ploycd to pitilully |c\\ curs. lhc program
by Ihc /\L'illltlll ('hoitlbcr l’Ittycrs. its
rtlucntronol :ts ll “as ciilci'tttiiiiiig.szi\\ thc
\Illilll .iuthloritun :tt lk‘sl li;tll»lillcd.

lltc tourney bcgon With the two-
Illint'lllt'lll Madrigal Sonata for piano.
lltitc .tnd \iohn by liolcshty Mnrtinu
tlH‘MI-I‘HU). llus hotlttc). |ight~hcnrlcd
lioroouc .ctrtail ptccc is not :ivttiltiblcusu
iccoithng. ridding to lhc intcrcsi ol thc
night's pcrtorninncc.

l)cbtlssy's Violin and Piano Sonata.
\\llllCl1\lllll'l|) hclot'c his dcth in NH.
pt'tnt‘tl a richly evocative example of
Rnlllttllllc writing. ccliotiig the emotional
tcnsion ol the composer‘s own La Mer.
l.t:\\’lh Kiiplan demonstrated that. in tllc
right lllllldS. thc violin has a soul.

Visual shock opcncd (icorgc Crtlntb's
[zft'l't’ll lz't'lmm' o] .liltllllllll U965). its
pianist Jacob Maxin reached into his
instrumcnt to achich thc desired sounds.
Later on. whistling andspoken words
augmented tltc ccrincss. Crumb‘s
composition combined a detached sense.
of cxpcrimcnt with savagely emotional

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

;.

Ii was‘Tollowed by a song the band
played at Jimmy Carter's inaugural party
called “Hug Waving Patriot“. The song is
a mcdly of "The Star Spangled Damn—er“.
“God Bless America“. “Dixie” and a few
otllcr patriotic songs. played by Leavell
on keyboards and woven into a very fast
and solid jazz improv. As much as I hate
to admit, it. I had trouble imagining Sea
|.cvc| plliying ill the White House.
although I hear some people say things
are different nowadays down there. May-
be. but back to the concert. "

Soincwhcrc bctwccn the drums and the
piano Jimmy Nalls got lost. and his
absence was lclt‘. Something was needed
to balance otit |.cavcll's keyboards and a
guitar would have doitc nicely. Nitlls‘
guitar wasn't loud enough for most ofthc
concert and when bc was audible it was
too litllc.

The band was brought back for one
encore. “A song from the past.“ as Lcavcll

put it. ignoring cries of “Southbound”
and "Mountain Jam" (no “Whipping
tl’ost“ though) the band broke into “Hot
‘l.anta". It was an cxccllcnl choice of
songs. Unfortunately the song didn‘t
make it. althouin the rest of the concert
was impressive.

ti\cl'liillc\. ()llll‘tlllsls and tyluspcrs.
cnlrtniitlng lltllll ptiino_ \Itlllll. clitrnlcl
and lltitc. conlrontctl thc listcncr. linily
c\o|\cd through a recurring piano motif.
stark and thrcatcning. Crtnnb's work
tinphcd (lll‘L'L‘lItHh \\ :ntrngto bc cxplorcd.
ttcd cycr st) dchcolcly to traditional
nlodcs.

l‘l'itlll newlinroquc to french
Romanticism to l‘llllll'lslll. thc Acoliuns
_|cttcd us back it] time to it somber
(icrmzin. .lohunncs Ilrnhin's Irio lor
l’iuno. L'cllo and Clarinet. It took nit; a
ntoycmcnt and it bull to ovci‘contc tllc
culturc barrier separating Brahms ( titli-
97) and Crumb; oitcc the transition was
mndc. ltriihm‘s calculated beauty sunk‘in.
()l tbc lotir selections. this piccc\
cstiiblishcd thc grciitcst harmony between
the participating instrumcnts. Although
('rumb and Brahms speak with different
alphabets. satisfaction in each case comes
through ilic utmost concentration on the
part of the listener.

Spcciitl commendation must go to the
Aeoliiins for thc exhilarating variety of ‘
ihc music they chose to play. and for the
poetic craftsmanship of their ‘
performances.

 

PAGE THIRTEEN'

 

