  

 

  

 

Aprll, 1 977

Dear Reader: _

‘ Once again we have tried to provide you with a wide selection
of review choices. In three of our columns, Today, Print-Talk, and
Out ,Smarting the Jones the choice of books runs the complete
gamut of the different kinds Vof philosophical approaches applica-
ble to writing. I

Today offers the most serious list of writing. The Eastern Euro-
pean series is the most profound writing in the Insert. Alan Watts’
book reflects our first attempt to delve into the philosophical. As
Watts has been the man most responsible for introducing Eastern
thought to the West we felt it was important to mention this work. It
is also the adthor’s last work before his death in 1973.

Print-Talk this month offers two unique books, both of which
represent the most contemporary pieces of fiction that we could
find and still consider them avant-garde without being experi-
mental.

And, as always there is Print-Talk, offering the best of the
commercial, or popular best sellers, both in a fiction and nonfic-
tion category. This month there is The Hite Report. Reprinted by
Dell this book appears to be the runaway best-seller in the nonfic-
tion category. Gary Trudeau of Doonesbury fame, has written
another book, his second in just about six months. A couple of
books we couldn’t include and worth mentioning are Peter Bench-
ley's The Deep to be released in paper this month and Avon’s
planned release in paper of Saul Bellow’s To Jerusalem and
Back in July.

We would like to wish you happy reading and look forward to
returning to you in the fall.

Sincerely yours,
ﬂ/w/m/ We
Michael Morgan
Publisher

 

 

 

Filly years of American sensationalism!
Detective, Sci-Fl, Western, Supernatural.
Jungle, Pirate. Love, Sex, Super.Hero. l00
color pix 50 stories, poems, features, articles.

   

 

 

 

  

Growing

awakening femi-
nine conscious-
 ness. Susan
Quist‘s poetry
To captures the
' ' d ex-

THE pain an

hilaration of

CLAP new found
CLINIC freedom in
Poems arefresh-
by Susan b.1253
Quist voice . . .
hip humor and
matter-of-fact sexiness
delivered in a raw '
vocabulary of unusual potency. $3.95
.‘ DIRTY MOVIES
«‘0‘ An illustratedHr'story of the

ooh ‘ Stag Film 1915-19 70
‘  Hundreds of scenes,
‘“  4‘ plus plot lines. charac-
s  , I) ters, how and when
\s ) they were made.
bibliography. l'rlmog-
raphy. The great
old stags surface
again in tltis
richly illus-
trated history
going back to
Chaplin days.
-- — _---_----_
Chelsea House. 70 W. 40 St. New York lltlllli
Send.“ 'l'llli PULPS ($7 95 l.._ (‘l./\l‘
CLINIC($.l.‘)5l.~l)ll('l‘Y MOVIES (Hi 50)

Add tax plus 5d pct book lor posl‘t' '/l'
‘ ‘ I. . .gc Mlltillll' No
(.(),l) s. lolalcncloscd____ L

 

1,

  
 
 
  

 

    

$13.50

 

 

 

l
l
' l
I l
’ BInkAmarlcnrd number I
’ signature I
I Name |

l
I-

  
 
 
 
 
  

 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   

 

 

Today '

Tao The Watercourse
Way

Alan Watts

Pantheon $2.95

True to fonn Alan Watts has written a line book.
The forerunner of writers trying to explain Eastern
philosophy to the West, Watts is the most successful.
His thoughts are lucid as he dcmystilies the trans
cendental. The concept ofthe Tao, the unified expres-
sion of yin and yang, becontes comprehensible.
TAO. THE WATERCOURSE WAY is a combina—
tion of scholarly and elegant, untechnical writing.
This book is a must for anyone interested itt under—
standing the Tao as well as for those who have previ-
ously read Watts and are interested in learning more.

Laughable Loves
Milan Kundera
Introduction by Philip Roth
Penguin $3.50

Penguin‘s “Writers from the Other Europe"
Series. begun in I975, has been publishing hitherto
unknown or unavailable works by modem Czech,
Polish. and Hungarian writers. many of whom cannot
be published in their own countries. Ol'thesc authors,
Milan Kundera is undoubtably the most accessible,
and will probably become the most popular. Kundera.
who is Czech, is better known in America for the
suppression of his work by Czech authorities than for
the work itself. a situation which the publication of
LAUGHABLE LOVES should promptly rectify.

LAUGHABLE LOVES is a collection of seven
sexual comedies. incisive and very funny inquiries
into the social behavior of human beings that ulti-
mately call both the terms “sexual” and “comedy”
into question. Man as a sexual animal is not necessar-
ily man as a social animal, Kundera is telling us; why
else would he (and shc)‘be forever engaging in the
most intimate and signiﬁcant act that he knows of,
without being either significant or intimate in his be»
havior towards it?

All the stories in this volume are good. and one of
them, “Let the Old Dead Make Room for the Young
Dead". will become a small classic. The price of the
book is fairly high. but well worth it.-——G.F.

John Lennon: One Day at
a Time

A Personal Biography of the
Seventies

Anthony Fawcett
Grove Press $6.95

This book, by John Lennon and Yoko ()no's onc-
tintc personal secretary tmd companion, is in no way a
"biography of the Seventies," it tells. quite
straightforwardly, the major events in Lennon's and
()no's lives from their meeting in l966 to the present.
Anthony Fawectt, himselfa former art critic, is able to
write intelligently about Ono's and later Lennon's
various art projects, exhibitions. and philosophies.
although he is less convincing in justifying the high
regard for their work he holds. The best parts of the
book are his accounts ol’John and Yoko‘s early exhibi-
tions. their notorious press demonstrations, and the
Beatles‘ br‘ctIk-up—all authoritative. and much of it
based on first-hand knowledge. The book also con-
tains over 200 photographs, which accounts for its
rttthcr high pricc.——Grcgory Feclcy

Jacob’s Ladder

I
Even Cow Girls Get The Blues
Tom Robbins, Bantam Books, $2.25
The adventures ol'Sissy Hankshaw, the nation‘s champion hitchhiker. as she travels front Virginia
to chic Manhattan to the Dakota Badlands. where FBI agents, cowgirls‘, and ecstatic whooping
cranes explode in a deliciously drawn out climax.

The Hite Report
Shere Hite, Dell, $2.75

A nationwide study of female sexuality.

Kin-Flicks
Lisa Alther, Signet, $2.25

A portrait ofyouth likened to THE CATCHER IN THE RYE for its wit and accuracy of adolescent
mores and sensibilities.

Gore Vidal, Ballantine Books, $2.25

A clear picture of the year 1876 and of the election campaign; an act of political intrigue which
makes today‘s tactics appear tame.

3
4 

Ranging from palace intrigue and desert chases to religious speculation and confrontation with
superior intelligence of the universe. there is something here for all science fiction fans.—P.W.

Life Afer Life
Raymond A. Moody Jr., M.D., Bantam Books, $1.95

The astounding bestseller that offers one experiences of those people declared clinically "dead".

Children of Dune
Frank Herbert, Berkley Publishing, $1.95

Agatha Christie

The Grande Dame of the Murder Mystery has found her way back into the college market. Pocket
Books has just released the ninth printing of Agatha Christie's AT BERTRAMS' HOTEL.

Our Bodies Ourselves
Simon Schuster, $4.95

This book intends to stimulate women (and men also) to the kind of discussion and action which
leads to continued growth and change.

7
8
0

Irving Wallace, Bantam Books, $2.25

A novel of a plot against the people of the United States by a group of corrupt politicians.

The Final Days
Woodward & Bernstein, Avon Books, $2.50

The controversial story of Dick Nixon’s final days in ofﬁce by the authors of ALL THE
PRESIDENT'S MEN.

Jacob's ladder is a best seller compiled from bookstores operating in the college market.

ohm-u-

 

 

 
 

