,. mews... — T:

 

 

 

loos city; it... ( om. doesn't
speak. he doesn't smile. he doesn‘t

 

“°"°"'94"mwr<°rjsih¢7em triad  5

'ii'ﬂ‘lilstrtuia,‘ '  '5. i usurious "
I. IV .. . r. gm...“ .

., good music-y oll’you can eat drink
a cocoa-tum - can i 1

’JH

 inﬁrm? stew/cor .

He‘s “The Incredible Mr. Trash."

Attired in top hat-ringed with
stars. Christmas tree lights blinking
on his topcoat and Big Mac
‘coveralls. John Delirito. 25. stood
motionless on it pedestal at the Un-
iversity of Iowa last week until a
curious onlooker plunked some
coins into his coinbox.

Then his body jerked iihout he
sinned shaking hands. becktming

 

‘ttoiwon‘ hotbiau httiin bacir
to tho matria- o alert
in rt tttII can
moti- 'arnittra they end to.
A grand and glorious ltltni.“
m.
t 7:00. 911“

INE12-3'4-5-6

r, a r u' Noittrtwav MAil iritVlNll

 

GLEN
HOUSE

" Ii your. looking tor a place

‘to lllt\t"y'tilli' special event
that is we” removed from
citlllpllsl has overnight
.ii'criiiiiiiodatrriiis for 24: a
large kitchen. dining and
rr‘ l'cillittll .‘It'ctts: a location
tilul'lttttkllig the upper.
\yhirciiatcr Hudson River
arid adjacent to Cariip
lirppikill. and rncspcusiic
enough ior evcryoncs‘
budget. tire 'I lie (ilen Ilouse
may be lot you. Complete
Illl ormriiioii cant be obtained
Ill ( .irnpus ( cttlct‘ l.'l7.
funded by 5A

. for more mtyney and handing out

cards which read: “’I'here are two
things in life to remember: the First
and the Second."

His face. l‘ll’tilllL'd with ptirreakc
makeup. lipstick-slathcred lips and
rirrbliriking eyes. then rettiriied to it
lro/cn position until rriore euirrs
were deposited. lie collected $32 in
about 90 minutes.

"I found most of the stuff for my
act in a big traslt cart iii a strper
market. 'l hat‘s why I call myself Mr.
'I rash." said Dcllrito.

Ile lost hisjob us it ride operator in
an amusement park in San Diego so
be trained himself to statrd
motionless for two hours at it little.
He says he resist blinking for 45
minutes.

He and it girlfriend. Joannie Grif-
l'iths. 20. of Cedar Rapids. rrre trying
to perfect an act to illustrate t ltc need
Ior rceycliitg aluminum cans.

CDTA Buses

conﬁrmed/rum page one
convenience students living oll
Washington Avenue. they said. since
Washington Avenue buses will only
run once an hour after nine p.m.
Western Avenue buses. however.
will run “fairly frequently.“ they
said. “As Wellington students. this
may not affect you directly." (ioid
said. “but it affects four to live thou-
sand off-campus st uderits."

One thousand students were
recently polled concerning their
position on the ("UTA issue. Cronin
said. and close to 97 per cent were
against the takeover. (ioid said he
lcared that students‘ generally tiri-

 

 

 

A career in law-
Wlllllllll lair Stilllllll.

What can you do with only a bachelor's degree?

Now there is a way to bridge the gap between an
undergraduate education and a challenging. responsible
career. The Lawyer's Assistant is able to do work tradi-
tionally done by lawyers.

Three months at intensive training can give you the
skills—the courses are taught by lawyers. You choose
one oi the seven courses oliered—choose the city in
which you want to work.

Since 1970. The institute ior Paralegal Training has
placed more than 2.000 raduates In law firms. banks.
and corporations in over cities.

it you are a senior oi high academic standing and are
interested in a career as a Lawyer's Assistant, we'd like
to meet you.

Contact your placement cities for an interview with our
representative.

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 2

Tho Institute for
Paralegal Training

235 South i7lh Strut. Philadai hia. Ponnaylvanra ttitotl
2t 732-8000
Operated by Para-Legal. Inc.

 

 

 

favorable attitude toward the change
would have no effect on llartigutt.
(ioid said Hartigan has rnutle it
known that he would sign it contract
eicn ii it were not in the best interests
oi SUNYA students.

Croriiit and (ioid told Wellington
residents that SA arid SUM plan to
lioid a campaign on llirirsdriy. Oct.
20 to increase student awareness ol
the issue and dispense information
dealing with Cl)l A‘s proposed ser-
\icc. A _|oirit position paper
dc\cloped by SA rttid SlrM will be
distributed and a joint press con-
lcr'cncc will he held on tlntt day . tlie\
said. .

SliM recently passcd a resolution
sitiitltg its opposition to tile signingl
iii any contract \\llll ClllA. lltt'ec
r'cpicscritatitcs ironi SUM are due
to rticet \\ttlr llaitrgati today and will
request that llartrgatt take action to
comply \\illl SlIM's demands.

Country Squire

iirrttrlttti'tljriirtr [urge rtllt'
wits tirade over ilic summer.
linser has said one oi the reasons
he chose to rent to students “author
it would lrce ltirri to concentrate on
remodeling portions of the ritotel.
"i thought leoirld take students in
and stop worrying about off-ilic-
street business." he said.

T  i8 ‘

Neutron Bomb Demonstrators Set Free _
WASHINtiTON (AP) Four demonstrators who disrupted President
Carter‘s church service by denouncingthe neutron bomb are free on personal
recognizance while the filth is continuing his protest injail. The three men
and two women. ejected from the First Baptist Church by ushers Sunday
morning. were chrirged with “disturbing a rcligioua congregation.“ A sixth
person whotook part inthe reading was not arrested. Leuvingthc church.iiic
President stopped brieﬂy when another protester shoured for him to "Vt-m
the neutron bomb.“ Unrul'l'ied. Ctrrierturned. risked. “What‘s that?“ and; lltm
said. “They‘re fine young people."

One Billion Dollars Wasted on Medicaid
WASIIING'I‘ON (Al’) Federal and state governments are wasting SI billion
in tax money ii year in iiieligibie Mc .caid payments. says the secrcltin or
health. education and welfare. Secretary Joseph A. Calii'ano .ir. said Sunday
that 4.7 million ineligible elriims totaling $229 million were paid between
April and September i970. “Now. if you project that fora year that is |l|\|
lcderal dollars lllitl is almost half a billion dollars. and the states iilt'
matcliingtliose payments: that is another lialf billion dollars." Calii'anosriiil
“So just in terms iif ineligible payments. wc are throwing $l billion a year
away in this country." I'lic figures. taken from llIiW‘s coniputerired rent-u
of Medicaid transactions. include payments to health care providers. srrch as
doctors. and to recipients.

Public Hearings Begin on Koreaninliuence Buying
WASIIINti‘I‘ON (Al') Public hearings begirt this week in the lltrilsc
investigation of alleged Sotrtli Korean iniiuenec bttyirig. Former Sorith
Korean intelligence and embassy officers are to give firstbaiid. public
testimony rtt hearings Wednesday. l'littrsday ritid Friday on the alleged
itillttericc buying operations in Congress. The witnesses include Kinr Sang
Kettri. a Ioruicr Korean Central lirtclligcriee Agency officer accused oi
helping coridtrct the most recent operation with $600,000 supplied by the
KCIA. They also incltrde a former Korean embassy information director.
Lee Jiti Hyon. who says he once saw former Ambassador Kim Dong .lo
stuffing SIOU bills into envelopes with tlte explanation that he had to“makc a
delivery" to Capitol Hill.

Carter Won't Compromise on Gas Deregulation
WASHINGTON (AP) President Carter is unwilling to accept any
compromise energy bill that'contains any form of natural gas deregulation.
the chairman of the Senate energy committee said today. Sen. Henry
M. Jackson. -Wash.. said that as a result. there may be no natural gas
legislation enacted this year. “The administration is going to be very tough
rind I'm pleased." Jackson said in an interview. House and Senate conferecs
begin work on Tuesday on hammering out a compromise energy bill.
Jackson is the head of the Senate‘s team of conferces.

even blink an eye.,'llut he makes 825 v V
. an hour. ‘ ‘ ' ' ’

Carey Won't Stand In Way of Concorde

ALBAN Y. N Y (AI’) (iov. Hugh Carey promised yesterday to “obey the rttlc
of the law“ and not stand in the way of Concorde landings cleared by the US
Supreme Court. The governor. a fee of the British-French supersonic
transport. had suggested last week that a court order allowing it to land at
Kennedy Airport could riot be implemented because the state could not
prevent demonstrators from tieing up the airport. But at a news conference
this morning. Carey called on cili/cn opponents of the Concorde to give up
their plans ior creating massichrafficjattts tosliut dowrithe airport. Instead.
ltc said the opponents should attend ptrblic hearings on new noise restrictions
being proposed by the Port Authority. which rtrns Kennedy rrrid the olhcr
New York-area airports.

Carter Says Americans Don't Know the Truth
“ASIIING'I‘ON (AP) President Carter. stepping tip his driyc tor
r'atilieatttrn of the Panama Canal treaty. told a new blue-ribbon committee oI
treaty supporters today that the American people have not heard tltc lililll
about the pact. "It's crucial to me that the Atrtericati people know the l.lL'l\
about the treaty. which have so far not been succ '.'iully promulgated."
Carter told the pariei. which met \\llll him iii the White House. llit‘
committee includes business and labor leaders. former military olliccts :IIHl
members oi past administrations \tho banded together speciircrrlly 1“
support lltc treat). ttiidcr fire from iot‘eign-policy conservatives.

Hijackers Kill Pilot, Threaten to Blow Up Plane
NAIROBI. KeiiyaiAl') Hijackers killed the pilot ofa West (lL‘I’IlliIllrlll'lliiL'l
tor'ced it to lrrrid iri Somalia today and threatened to blow tip the plane with
tie remaining hostages unless rrti extended ransom deadline is ritet. oliicr.ils
said. A West German goieriinicnt spokesman said in Bonn tltc pilot \\.i\
apparently shot dead before the Lufthansa lloeing 7J7 jet took oil i.irc
Strtiday irorn Sorrtli Yerncii. llts‘ hotly was dumped on the runway slioirli
alter tiic rtirlirier landed without permission in Mogadishu. the Sunni“
capital. ilic lorrr hijackers hate demanded the release of Li terrorists
Imprisoned iii West Germany arid I'urke) rtrtd payment of $|5 million

Supreme Court Clears Way ior SST at JFK
WASHINGTON (AP) the Supreme Court cleared the way ind“) it”
landings oi the Concorde supersoniejctlitter at New York's John F. Kennedy
international Airport. An airline spokesman said the plrtne worrld he led
lattded‘Wednesday and might begin daily flights Nov. 22. llritish Airways
and Au trance said through spokesmen in New York ihrit they wolf1d
conduct a jtlllll l'runiliari/ation ilight to Kennedy Airport Wednesday
iiioil'riirigoii a Concorde trrkirigoi‘l'l'rorn Paris. l'lie carriers said they hoped ll)
begin driiiy settice Irorn London and Paris to Kennedy by Nov. 21

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

OCTOBER 18. 1977

 

 

 

by Jim Burke

SUNYA Assistant Vice President
of Management and Planning
Robert Stierer is running for the of-
i'ice of Rensselaer County Executive
onthc Democraticand Liberal Party
tickets iii the Nov. ii election.

Stiercr is ttsitig accumulated vaca-
tion time to trike lertve from SUNYA
in order to direct his energies
towards the current campaign.

Sirould lie win the election. Stiercr
would leave SUNYA in January. He
has held position rtt SUNYA since
[907.

In r'trnniirgi'ortlre ol'lice. Stiereris
challenging incumbent County lis-
ccutive William Murphy. who is
backed by the county Republican
anti Conscruitivc parties.

One of the major proposals Stiercr
said he would like to implement as
County l’KCCllll\c is the utili/ation
oi ilic Regional Advancement Scr-
yice ollcrcil hy SIINYA to local
ginernmcuts.

Attracts Businesses

Headed by Williatn Diamond of
tire School oi llttsincss. the service
tries to aid localities itt drawing
business lirms arid industries into the
area by using computers to analer
and match the resources and
characteristics oi an area with the
needs oi businesses and industries
across the nation. After that pro ‘ sis
is finished. a trairtcd team of business
and government consultants would

M

then be used to try to persuade firms I

to relocate to the county. Stiercr
said. .
He added thtit Albany County has
been using this service for the last
five months. a ‘

Sticrcr. who is a member of the
Rensselacr County Legislature. had
it resolution passed last week to allow
the County Executivcto appropriate
325.500 to trtili/e the service.
Murphy has been critical of this
proposal rind Sticrer hopes to make
it an issue iii the campaign if Murphy
doesn‘t approve the resolution.

Not Satisﬁed

Sticrcr. as SUNYA llus Coin-
inittee Chairman. was very much irr-
volved in the question of whether
CI)'l'A should take over SUNYA‘S
student shuttle service before taking
his leave. Altlroiigii CI) l A buses do
rim in Reusselricr County as well as
Albany County. Stierer said the “the
county government will liiive no
direct or indirect inﬂuence on the
issue." Stiercr said that he is “not
at all satisfied with Murphy's way of
running the county" and criticiled
the incunibent‘s extravagance with
the county’s money while in ofiice.

Sticrcr claims that he can cut $40.—
000 to 550.000 out oftlie County Ex-
ecutive‘s budget alone.

Stierer has had 25 years of ex-
perience in state and local govern-
ment. He was I'roy city manager
froin l964-l‘i7 and has served state

i ' ' tire/Howie
Three former SUNYA proleasors who were retrenchedtrom positions

at the Alien Center in Draper Hal

I (pictured above) have formed an

energy research program.

SUNYA’s Computer

System

Commended'By Journal

by Denise I.euci

SliNYA‘s computerized system oi
recording student transcripts was
cited as a “pioneer in maintaining
cumulative student records on corri-
iitrtei" h,\'tlie October issue of“Nc\-
its - to - liritc". a iottrrial about
higher education.

Actor drug to liriiycr'stty Registrar
Donald llirnrs. Computer on
Microlrlin. instituted in l‘)75. has
resulted in an till per cent cut iir paper
llti\\ III the registrar's olitcc. llris.
said lirrtus. irccs ilic oilicc to rcs~
pond llltllt‘ t'lltctcrttly to other rc-
\|l|L‘\l

lltirrtstalicdtltcsy stcur"oncoitlte
iiio-.r stryllllsllt‘dlctl .irid cliectryc rti
lltt' country "

lll ilic CUM system. records oi
sllltlL'iil transcripts lliotlt ilt.‘ll\t.' ililll
inactiicr are stored on rnicrolrclie a
type oi rrncroitlrn produccd through
ilic computer output process.
\lrcrolrche records the student
thirties. social security numbers.
sittltls. and the location at each stu-
dcrit transcript. Paper copies of the

OCTOBER 18, 1977

transcript can be made by pushing a
button on a microfiche reader-
printer at a cost ol'severi and one half
cents per page.

Citnitnulatrvc records which are
updated each week are also kept on
the computer. Microfiche reader
prints are located lll various offices
on campus where access to strident
records is necessary.

Prior to COM. caclt semester tcrt
paper copies ol student transcripts
were ttecded lot' unitersity use. l‘or
14.000 students this amounted to
200.000 pages at transcript. l he
\oltrrne oi paper led to errors in filing
rriid hassles ior students tryirrgtoob—
tarrr copies winch had to he xcroxed
(tom the originals. according to
llitrns.

Now only two paper copies are
needed. one lot the student and one
lot his ad\rsor. Other offices needing
transcript rni'orriratron simply read
it oil the computer terminals.

lli I970. with two people working
on transcripts. at the peak period

continued on page eight

and local governments in Michigan.
Illinois and New York.

Stiercr srrid that he feels that the
campaign is going well despite the
fact that registered Reptiblieans out-
number registered Democrats two to
one in the county. The Stierer for
County Executive Committee.

which is independent of the.

Democratic and Liberal parties. has
held fund ritiscrs to coittribtrte $2.-
000 to the campaign. Several
SUNYA st udettts who are residents
ol chsselacr Couitty are working
part-time in the Sticrercumpaigu. he
said. 'Ihe two candidates are par-.
ticipriting iii debates iii the form of
the presidential debates of l97o to
discuss the issties. The first debate.
was on Oct. (i rind the next one is
scheduled for Oct. 20th ill the l'roy
City Hall and will be televised on
Channel l7.

by B. W. Pox

Three SUNYA professors who
were retrcnelied last year when the
Allen Center was abolished have
recently formed a new energy
research program. ilic group.
known formally as the Energy
Systems Research Group. Inc.. has
offices at 132 State Street. not far
from the Hotel Wellington.

According to Dr. John Strut/. one
of the retrcnchcd Allen Center
professors. the group does inter-
disciplinary research ort energy
problems. They are contracted by
businesses. cur/en groups. and
governmcttt agencies. Last year.
they were able to generate over
5100.000 iri contract research. Strut/
said.

The James 1:. Allen Collegiate
Center. ottec located at Draper Hall.
‘wrts an institution dedicated to art iri-
tcrdisciplinary curriculum in the
social sciences. l'ltc purpose of the

I" ' ANN NOVA!

SUNVA Administrator Robert Siloror la running Ior ﬁanaaalaer
County Executive on the Liberal and Democratic Party tlcltata.

Retrenched Profs Research Energy

school. according to err-Dean of the
School of Social Welfare Seth W.
E'pcllman. was to “iiinnitate a new
curriculum for undergraduates bas-
ed ori the Ilritish Open University."

The school was abolished by ex-
SUNYA President Louis I. Iienelet
because of the state-wide financial
squeeze. it was closed in September
I970.

67 Eliminated
The closing oi tltc Center

-eliniinatcd (r7 positiorts. including

those of Str'trtl. l'ztttl Ruskin. arid
Steve llirnutt.

Strutv. who holds a doctorate itt
Mathematics.taught at SUNYA ior
a ltrll year belorctransferring to
Allen Center. He worked iii the
Center lor three years. artd was
grarttcd tenure. In I970. when the
Allen Center closed. Strut/ applied
todSlJNYA for a position in the
Ma'th Department.

“Despite the lact that the depart-

ment was advertising openings. ttrid
despite the lact that I had taught
there before. they refused to give me
a position." said Str'tttl. Strut! said
SUNYA eventually offered hint at
position iri Computer Science. bill
be refused on the grounds that his
doctorate was irt Mritli.

Sti'ttt/ obtained a position at
l‘til'dlllim University. brrt later
rctttrncd to Albany
he “disliked New York.“

Ilaek in Albany. Str'tttl. Ruskin
arid lliruatt banded together along
with SUNYA I’roiessor David
Nichols and other eollcaguesto i'orrn
tltc linergy Systems Research
(iroup. “We ttse tltc same approach
as we did in the Allen Center by
studying otrr sitbrcct on art illicit-
disciplinary icycl." Strul/ said. llie
Research (iroup consists of
specialists in Math. Physics.
Chemistry. I:corroniic.s. and other
applied and social sciences.

New Deli Opens in Campus Center

by Margaret O'Connor

'l be new campus center
delicatessen opened Monday. and
according to UAS Director of Cash
Services l.c.s Ilincs.  . . business
was slow.

During bad weather business is
briskcr iii the caleteria. btrt opening
day for tire delicatesssen was riti cit-
ception.

“We had about l50 customers."
said Hines. "We hope to btrild oit
that.“

Located in the campus ccntcr
bcsidc ilic calctcrirr. the delicatessen

is designed to rcltetc congestion in
the caicter'ia srtudwrch litre during
lunch hour. Since erS slttt'tctl scr-
ving sandwiches in ilic calcter‘rrt
three years ago. business has steadily
increased duringth ltrrtch lltllll'. lllL'
idca ior tltc delicatessen was irrst
conccrycd six months ago by “AS
administrators as a way oi tcltcttug
the otcrcrowtling.

“(lui sandwich llllt' rritiic c.rlclcira
lltls sclttcslt‘l‘ has gotten busier. .irtd
busier.“ cornrnerrtcd Mr. llillL‘\.

lit-sides selling dclr sandwiches ior
lttrtclt. and packaged cheeses .iiid
cold cuts alter ilic lunch liotti. ilic
delicatessen ts goritg to llti\L' .r take-
out scr\tcc wttlt the possibility oi art
ott-curtiptts delivery service.

According to “AS (icncrirl
Manager l-'.. Norbert erhnr there is a
possibility that the CtllllpU\ center

struck bar will close earlier. and tire
delicatessen will take its place in the
later cvcnitrg hours because the

'delicatcsscn is less espciisryc to

operate titan ilic snack bar.
”'I here will be a much stitallcrstall

required to rttrt the dcltcrrtcsscn. it
need be we may close the snack bar.
We‘re not sure oi that yet Just trithc
iatcr cvcrttrig hours it would be. and
let the delicatessen inkc oyer." Mr.
L'rhrn said.

or v 3“ new

One at the tint cuatomera attha now doll in the Campua Cantor placoa
an order. although " Business waa alow" accordingto Director Hlnoa.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE THREE

 

 

 

 

