  
   

«W A "1;:— ,

 

 

s
,t
a
i.

 

 

 

‘ 'aryschool allex-
ed nil motivated

swim, in
re no one is older

‘. . Withdraw! III.“ in te-and
and prospects at best

years more youngsters fail when the
are uncertain. the-ILO said; standards required for training in

Even if titeirccession miraculously “ modern industry‘ and “unprepared
disappeared overnight. there would for the work garnet feel theyf‘aoe a

 

 

 

 

 

mine/stun {WMMKM rmmrmm

’MENU

. mumm—tlvu-tmsam
  
0“ 'm‘m 'm “In.”
-- - it.» m- use

 

 

stacked decks=frldl
problems. . ’v - .
. “Still another roadblock is the
reluctance of many eniployers to hire
young people became it costs more
to break them in than older workers
and because their output is lower, at
least at the beginning of employ-

" merit.” the study continued.

 

 

  
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 

t . . ,
FRIDAY SPECIAL —. Steamed Clams
SlJO/doz 5 - 7 PM or- while they last!
_

‘I‘hc hassles:
(Si—loud III I
to corn
lotu-
tbc ‘l’tsbc

a girl Into

Exclusive
Area
Showins

“THE
GROOVE 800.."

“I”

 

 

I-‘otr Calorie l & 2

r:

   
 

 

Harry Graphs
Vlad. March 16. 8 00pm

Slou-

Alm RICH!" an.

All. “A” IuIIVID

$6.00

 

 

COIﬂ0l "ODIN" WITH ho.
At Traction wow: and Sierra College

$5.00

PAGE TWO

It said most of the richer countries
have taken steps to improveeduca-
tion and provide work for jobless
youngsters. But while such. moves
can bring some relief “no one has yet

ﬁgured; out a quick. permanent;

solution—nor has the tide yetturned'
in favor of the young unemployed.”

. .
Requirements
continued from page one
Interdisciplinary Council to en-

courage students to develop inter-'

disciplinary programs and help them
plan their own education.

The idea. according to Ortali. is to
simultaneously increase the breadth
and depth of students' education.
The university should prepare the
student for that program or job he
wants. he said. in addition to
providing general educationon
topics that concern the student's
community, culture. and country.

Ten Broeck

continued from page one

receives a combination of subsidies
and tax abatements which compen-
sate for approximately 60 per cent of
their tax rates, and a federal subsidy
as provided by the National Housing
Act. This is essentially a direct sub~
sidy to offset the mortgage interest
rate at one per cent. This is far lower
than the mortgage for privately
ﬁnanced housing and offers a
tremendous savings for the owuer.
Ten Broeclt is owned by PD. Rich.
who hires Clifford Management to
operate the project.

“It‘s a stacked battle against the
tenants.“ said Roger Markowics of
United Tenants of Albany. “The
tenants of Ten Brocck Manor are
trying to ﬁght against fl lnrgc
corporation—ED. Rich. of Stan-
ford. Connecticut."

According to Feist. the law
guarantees Clifford Management a
six per cent return on their invest-
ment. “There will be an awful lot of
people who can't live in Ten Broeck.
including students. if the increases
are put into effect.“

Chch said. “We object to the fact
that on top of mortgage subsidies,
tax exemptions and other favorable
financial arrangements. the owners
of the development also profit
through the usage of Ten broch
Manor us a personal tax shelter» -u
f innncial mechanism that enables the
owners to avoid paying corporate
ilild personal taxes."

According to Markowics, Mttyor
Corning is working on it solution.
“With a primary scheduled for
September. another few‘months will
go by until we know what is happen-

“I think Clifford Manugcmcntdid
not expect to receive the full amount
of the increase that they asked for."
said Schwarl. He said that most
tenants would then accept the same
utility increase as last year~«
approximately seven per cent. “I
think that would be fair.“
m

CORRECTION

In Tuesday’s ASP. the article en-

titled "A Smooth Brew” was written

by Alan Alper. His byline was in-‘

advertentfy untitled.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

_ W leads to spiny. 
stress. drifting rind-other social _

Garter Gdlnhln' Verity Friendship j,
WASHINGTON (AP) Pmidenl welcomed—British Prime Minister
 cutout": to, use white house. today, proclaiming. a “§p¢cia|
 and “unshakeablezfriendship” betwsenthe United States and
Gretbiitain. The traditional l9-gun salute that welcomes a visiting head of
stare-wasomitrcd front the ceremony on the'White House South Lawn as a
result of the terror‘ut siege at Washington’s city ball.th two blocks from the
White House grounds. and two other buildings. “1 think it's not an
exaggeration to say . ,. . that we bnjoy a special relationship with Great
Britain. They are our closest allies and friends,” Carter said. The President
said that decades and generations of this relationship “have carved out
between us an unshakeable friendship.”

Carters Hopes for Middle East Talks

WASHINGTON (AP) President Carter is promising a major American
effort to convene a Middle East peace conference in Geneva before the year it
out. Carier. who met with Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin this week
and plans sessions with Arab leaders in the next month, discussed the Middle
East situation at a broadcast news conference Wednesday. He said he could
envision a settlement in which Israeli forces might be authorized to go
beyond their country's established borders to protect against sudden Arab
attacks. He also mentioned the possible use of international forces to patrol ti
demilitarized zone extending for 20 kilometers or more beyond Israeli
borders.“l will be discussing this matter with the representatives of the Arab
countries when they come.” Carter said. .

Chairman Accuses ERDA of Nuclear Waste
WASHINGTON (AP) A congressional subcommittee chairman accused
federal-officials Thursday of turning their backs on the critical problem of
disposing-of a massive amount of radioactive waste at an upstate New York
nuclear fuel reprocessing plant. Rep. Leo J. Ryan. D-Calif.. said it appeared
the Energy Research and Development Administration was treating the
problem the same way it disposed of radioactive waste three decades ago off
the California coast. “You dumped it overboard and walked away." Ruztn
told witnesses from ERDA. His subcommittee on energy and the
environment concluded two days of public hearings this week on radioacllw
waste stored underground at an inactive nuclear fuel processing plant near
West Valley. N.Y., about 30 miles south of Buffalo.

Prayer Named Chairman of Ethics Committee
WASHINGTON (AP) Speaker Thomas P. O‘Neill appointed Rep
Richardson Preyer. D-N.C.. on Thursday as chairman of the new \t'lccl
House Committee on Ethics. It is the third House committee dealing \\llll
members‘ ethics and its speciﬁc job is to work with a Senate commute.- to
write appropriate portions of the separate House and Senate ethics rulu~ lillti
permanent law. The House rules are being developed by a second ptincl
known as the House Commission on Administrative Practices. in: lllllti
committee is the permanent House Committee on Standards of “Hull”
Conduct. which had become commonly known as the House ciliio
committee.

Bishop Declares Amin Had Luwun Killed

NEW YORK (AP) “His cxceilency. the president, wants to NL‘L‘ ilIL'
archbishop in private." That polite word from a military guard. summtllllflg
Archbishop Janani Luwum before Uganda's President ldi Amin. mtirkcd lht'
archbishop's last contact with church colleagues before he was klllL‘d. uni- nl
them related here. “I wouldn‘t be surprised if Amin himself \hot llic
archbishop." said the fellow bishop who was present on that final ocean-Ill
and who subsequently slipped out ofthe country under threat to his on n life
while military men hunted for him. “Everybody in Uganda lnmu ihc
archbishop was murdered." he said. “There's no question about ll He no
murdered on orders of the one who had him arrested.” Just who pulled the
trigger remains indeﬁnite. “but we know he was shot on the pft‘slticlll"
orders."

Malcolm X Assassinators Requested by Gunmen
DANNI-IMORA. N .Y. (AP) Three men serving life terms for the asstslfldllt‘ll
of Malcolm X were placed under specialsecurity in a New York Start- priwn
today after gunmen holding hostages in Washington demanded that W
convicts be turned over to them. The special precautions were tits-n .ll lllt‘
Clinton Correctional Facility at Dannemora. a maximum Seculll) rrtwn
northern New York where the three are serving their terms. according to A
spokeswoman for the state Department of Correctional Services 0n: n! the
demands of the gunmen holding hostages in three buildings in \l‘mhlnEW” ‘5
that authorities turn over the murderers of black militant Malcolm \ lht
terrorists are believed to be members of the tiny black Hanan Motlrm ~ch
sentenced in i966 in the Malcom x assassination; they arc Norman Butler.
38; Thomas Hugh. 36; and Thomas Johnson. 42.

  

Insurance Companies Rate Decreases

AL'ANY. N.“ (AP) All of the biggest insurance companies which moi
“Vilan 0f: loophole in the law to push through big auto lnsuidflk‘l' Hm
increases have since withdrawn the increases. the state lnsumncc
Department said Thursday. The department said it had received nilllt‘ts ol
withdrawal from eight companies holding 35 of thc pohcigs on u hicli mics
had been increased. The hikes came during a I 7-day free-for-all crczilcil it he"
lhc kliilﬂlum delayed the renewal ofa law requiring prior state spph“ «'11 0‘
increases in auto insurance premium;
i 1

MARCH 11. 1977

    
 

 

 

 

 

utton  nusry
ilstudentst'o oinintlic-

we shouldn‘t drink it.”
. ' Boycott ' ‘
The boycott. which. according to

the resolution. supposedly went into—’—

effect February 4, was to’lsst for a
period of 90 days. '
UAS Director
Feeding Ronald Clough said that
students have only begun to be
notiﬁed of this resolution-as of
March 8. _ ' '
The major means of notiﬁcation
used will be signs posted near or on
the coffee machines in the quad
cafeterias, the I’atroon Room. the

Using a $20,000 Central Council grant. Student Dwellings, Inc. will

boycott“. .

'of Contract '

 

' Lissncr said the quad foodcom-

mittees were 'scnding ‘lcttei’s: to v the
faculty to convince them to join the.
boycott. ’ '

He said an impetus for the boycott

was that “the New York‘ State
Legislature made an appeal to'evcry
school organization to boycott
coffee. so we did it. Hopefully. other
colleges will follow.“

"We don‘t want to say you can‘t

drink coffee," said UAS General

Manager E. Norbert Zahm. “But the

price of coffee is ridiculous now.
there‘s no question about it.

umrcn

buy and renovate two downtown buildings.

 . 'Ilg 
_ “Right now. students are drinking
450 pounds of'coffee per week.

That‘s otter 3,000 pounds consumed 

from January I until now. in the
dorm cafeterias alone,” said Clough.

Clough said they would be able to
measure the success of the boycott in
a couple of weeks.

“If coffee drinking increases. we‘ll
lose money." said Zahm. “The coffee
boycott will help us ,(financially)
moderately." ’ -

thought ‘ichryonc should boycott
coffee. There‘s no shortage and
besides, it's bad for you."

SA Enters

by Floris Shertzer

Student Dwellings. inc. has begun
negotiations to purchase two
buildings in downtown Albany as a
ﬁrst step in Student Association's
rental of buildings for student oc-
cupancy.

The search for property was
limited to between Willett Street
near Washington Park and the
South Mull—«the Hudson Park
area—according to Director of Off-
Campus Housing Karlecn Karlson.

Student Dwellings was issued a
grant of twenty thousand dollars by
Central Council in November. The
grant was so the corporation could
begin to buy and renovate buildings
for student occnpancy.

The buildings under consideration
are currently occupied by students.
according to SA President Steve

Fieldhouse Verdict Upcoming

by Richard Mermelstein

As the final votes on the
ficldhousc referendum are cast to-
day. both the Student Recreational

News Center Committee
and the Elections
Femure (Commission will view
4he overall results

with substantial interest. but from
different perspectives.

The referendum may be the
culmination of year-long effort by
the Recreation Committee. If 2l00
students approve it mandatory stu-
dent fee of $l3.50 per semester. the
construction of the ficldhousc can
begin this summer. '

Also. if voter turnout is high and
the ballot counting virtually
flawless. the Elections Commission
may use the rcfcre ndum as it basis for
converting all elections to a com-
puter curd format.

Inadequate Gym

“For it campus body of l0.000
people. the gym we‘re using now,
which was built to bca women's gym
or an auxiliary gym, is inadequate."
said SA President Steve DiMeo.
whose 22 member Recreation Com-
mittee pushed the referendum
through (‘eniral Council in
December to obtain this week‘s
balloting.

“if we want the ficldltouse to be
built,“ DiMeo said. “it has to be
done in the next year.“ DiMco said
that with the present inﬂation rate. a
one year delay would increase the
total cost by $500,000 from the
original estimate of more than two
million dollars.

For the referendum to pass. at

MARCH 11, 1977

least 40 per cent of those eligible
must vote, with 60 per cent in favor
of it. According to Elections Com-
missioncr Kelvin Dowd. the turnout
may be as high as 50 per cent.

“We've done everything we could
to facilitate a large turnout.“ Dowd
said.

Ballots were mailed to off-campus
students, ballot boxes were set up on
the five quads. inthe gym and in the
library. the voting period was ex-
tended from the usual three day
period to ﬁve days, and computer
punch curd ballots wore used for the
first time in elections.

Enclosed. with the ballots mailed
to off—camp s\ students was a
memorandum from the Recreation
Committee on the background and
features of the proposal.

The use of the computer cards has
eliminated the need to show a tax
card and University ID to vote. The
pilot program may be modiﬁed and
used for general elections if
successful. The student morer
punches out his social security
number and birthdate, which the
computer checks against two
separate lists, before punching the
"Yes" or “No” box. Cards which do
not match with the computer's list
are voided.

While Dowd said that this method
provides “less hassles, no waiting.
and more efficiency," DiMeo cited a
possible flaw.

“If the registrar has your wrong
date of birth, then that date was fed
into the computer. There is no way
to check on all the students‘
birthdates to see whether the

registrar has the right ones."

Dowd said the punched cards are
an improvement in voting
procedures. “As far as I'm concern—
ed. in regard to the actual count. this
far surpasses past methods. Tamper-
ing is reduced by [00 per cent."

In the event the referendum is
defeated. the Recreation Committee
is already preparing a new proposal,
according to DiMco. “I was a little
discouraged by the visible opposi-
tion to the ﬁeldhousc." DiMeo said.
“We‘ve started to work on a tighten-
ed proposal. We have to operate

‘within the ﬁscal restraints we have
on us."

SA president Steve DiMeosaid he'

 
    

in response to an appeal by the New Vorlt Ital. loglllllllf'i Central
Council has distributed signs urging students to boycott coiled; ‘

Building Negotiations

DiMeo. and “in surprisingly good
condition.“ DiMco said sometwelvc
thousand dollars has been one figure
offered for the two adjoining
buildings which he would not iden-
tify until negotiations arecomplcte.
Rehabilitation

The Hudson Park area was
selected to enable Student Dwellings
to receive a city rehabilitation grant
to bring the buildings up to code
standardspDiMeo said little refur-
bishing of the buildings would be re-
quired although a fire escape would
have to be built.

Steve DiMeo said that money is

given to the city by the federal

government. to be dispersed at the
city‘s discretion. “The money.” said
DiMco. “Would pay one half to one
third of the total cost to rehabilitate
the buildings.“

Karlson said hopes are to own the
property by June and ready for oc-
cupancy in August. Most of these
apartments will be furnished. and
their rent will be lower than market
price. Karlson also said. “We’ll have
a variety of apartment sizes.

The problem of deciding who will
live in these apartments has not yet
been decided by Student Dwellings.
There will however be a board
meeting to discuss this once the
buildings have been purchased.
DiMco said. “We want undergrads.
but we can't discriminate.“ Un-
dergraduates. graduates. and
married students will have a chance
to live in these apartments. possibly
decided by lottery, said DiMeo. “

"If the project works out," said

Karlson. “we‘ll probably want to in-
crease the number of units we own.“

 

$13.50 per semester

sole purpose of bu
at the State University 0

 

M4
Mascara:

where a propriate, t.e., 8t

 

Referendum

Shall there be established an additional mandatory feelpf
er student, beginning with the sem-
ester of completion, or a period of twenty years for the
ildin a Student Recreation Center
New York at Albany?

 

N
Note: This referendum shall be binding if 40% of all eli-

YES Ll
gible voters vote. of whom a minimum 0

' M / . . 1,. .
arp-ended pencil or ballpotnt
h1g3. {item 3 h d 08
mon = , t a = .
P if u ,

’  4

Please use sh
pen to punch out selected ho
Please a so punch out Last two digits 0

you make an error, you must obtaﬂ another d. Do
not fold. bend. or otherwise mutiﬁte this card. '

OD

 

  

60% etc “yes

. r- ‘ mum/t «7M 1’
unch out zeroes
year of birth.

 

 

The use of computer card ballots for the flsldhouss referendum ls
expected to Increase voter turnout by simplifying voting.

Inﬁrmary Reports Meningitis Case

by Matthew Cox

An off-campus SUNYA student
was rushed to Albany Medical
Center early Sunday morning and
has been treated for meningitis.

The student, whose relatives asked
that he not be named, reported tothe
University Inﬁrmary Sunday mor-
ning "critically ill," according to
Director of Health Services Dr.
Janet Hood. The Albany Mcdicnl
Center Patient Information Desk
listed him Wednesday as "fair", and
said' he'd been taken out of isolation.

Hood could not conﬁrm the
diagnosis. but students who were
with the ill student over the weekend
were reached by the Albany Medical
Center Monday and questioned as to

.possible meningitis contacts.

__'_I'he student complained of a sore

throat in the middle of the night
Saturday and was taken to the infir—
mary around 9:00 am. Sunday.
Hood said. The nurse on duty
recognized the symptoms as serious.
and had the Five-Quad Ambulance
Service take him to the Albany
Medical Center Emerg‘éhcy Room.
Hood said. ,

Hood described meningitis as “a
very serious disease that used to be
almost one-hundred per cent fatal
before the discovery of antibiotics
like penicillin." The disease spreads
“quite easily." Hood said, similar to
the way acold is passed. “It's passed
by direct contact, salivn. or through
small droplets in the air from sneez-
ing or coughing."

Thereiis an incubation period of- ,

24 to 48 hours between the time'the

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

....—-m_..~-.————-_.-.4 Wmﬁhww..." .

t that tf‘ihc‘livcha’tlcesj' of 2 (its .be'ill'u’.

disease is contracted and symptoms
are exhibited. Hood said. “so no one
who might have been exposed is in
trouble. There‘s nothing to worry
abouL"

Hood said meningitis “doesn't
come out of nowhere." and that
"somewhere. the patient had to be
exposed to it." No other students on
campus have contracted the disease.
“This is the ﬁrst case I know of here
in 2] years." she said. '

Site added that she wasn't‘ at liber:
ty to c'onﬁrm that the student had '

meningitis. since the diagnosis wasn't ’ i
made at the Inﬁrmary and‘probabiy.."t

wasn't "conclusive ‘at- the. Aan
Medical -_Ce'nter_ either..She did In
something'elsei'atl‘this. point are jus
aboutzilch." '  - .  3‘. .

PAGE may .

university I,

       

  
 

;

 
 
 
  
 
 

 

 

 

 

