   
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
 
 

  

    
 
    
 
    
  
  

the real life experiences which the
believe they actually represent. ‘
. Real lifeis not about men who mustchange
‘ their phone‘nurnber every other week to avoid
being sexually abused ,ortwomen who have
dates lined up every night" from now until
l985.j Real life. as I have been convinced.'is~‘
concerned only with the typicals. Only with
thos'ewho must go out and put in some kind of
effort to get what they want. All the others are
thrown in one big yellow basket and allowed
to continue on in'their modeling classes and
beauty.aehools. Real life has nouseforthem.
, In my eighteen years of ups and downs. l

 have learned. through numerous experiences.

a t that as much as I try. that. big yellow basket.

y wish us to-

  

? shall never have any room for me. Of course.
. I V realization of this fact took quite a while to ac-
‘A tually sink in. I remember that I couldn't un-
,. derstand why i was the only one sitting home
5 on Saturday night or why the girls never even
' glanced back when l walked by them in awe.

But now it has all become clear. The dates and

 

ii

if

i: ' corner Robin St. aCentralAve. Albany
.5 PRESENTS

Fri. & Sat. Jan. 21
‘1 , v s|.oo admission

 

H.

crimson

Teacher Training
, Program

m'l‘llli
WWW!"

venth AERCO Summer Academic

 
 
  

 
  

 

the Montessori philosophy and
caching method, child development
nd learning materials for preschool
ograrns. Now at two locations.

 

 

 

er interaction and traction, cell or suite
q  state mm raptor

- . I lit A .
 M‘uidﬁﬂllt. lthottt '"

    

 

 

r [in search of

* The Co'untry Blues of

  CROW HILL 7 .

 

«is “more?! ,_ ,'

home. hand in hand.

, ' he '
another typic‘al.and l we_nt to the Rathrkeliar
V ' I . Id be

ly prepared for the kill. After some hesitation.
I approached the girls and asked them if they'd
like to join us for a drink. At ﬁrst. they sat
quietly. Then. as i expected. they got up. who
ed toward the door and left without saying a
word.

By midnight. my partner and I had been'

through three no thank yous. two i, don't
drinks and the coupe de grace. one “go bleep
yourself“ from two girls whocould have easily
wound up as tackles for the Green Bay
Packers. . .

Though he was only a typical. my friend did
eventually meet a girl. Mydetermination and l
marched quietly back to my room and got a
good night's sleep. V

Another time: in Korveites. l was casually
surveying the newest records when my eye
caught sight of a very interesting typical look-
ing over an Elton John album. Seizing the op.

porttinity. l quickly approached her and ex- '

plained that it was my sister's birthday and l

V The stories-l could j

hell my friend.  .

   
 
 
  
   
 
    

would be eternally grateful if she could suggest
an album that i might buy her. (Not only do I

     
 

time I couldn‘t affort to buy the Daily News.
let alone an album). I

After chatting awhile. I told her that I‘d buy
the record tomorrow and arranged to meet her
in a few days for lunch.

I arrived at the restaurant right on time. got
a very nice. quiet table for two and began to
wait and wait and wait and wait. After two
hours. I called the number she had given me
which turned out to be an 0TB. My deter-
miitation and I spent the rest of the day in the
park.

Of course. not all my encounters have
resulted in total failure. Terri. Janet and
Marilyn can easily vouch for that. Unfor-
tunately. by the world-famous unwritten law
#2. no relationship between two typicals can
last for any length of time. Only those in the
yellow basket can have truly meaningful and
long lasting encounters. ‘

i become very depressed when l realize’that
I am destined to spend the rest of my life'as a

lid I’ll/Z,

. spin.
.. elitism
/ iéiinh‘

 - lbh\\illl‘ ' I

.. ’IV‘V’“ mg In
typical. ‘I often wonder whether the loneliness
I feel now will ever really go away. There are
times when i feel so frustrated l insist on mak-
ing one ﬁnal lunge intothat elusive basket. but
the continuous rejections arid insults are
always around to bring me to my senses.

Typicals and those in the basket shall never
live in peace,sitnply because no matterwhere a
typical may journey. there shall always be a
basketeer to prejudge him. to humiliate him in
front of others and_to cast him aside. In most
cases. typicals Will grow jealous of baskcteers
and almost always. will react by forming their
own little typical congregations which get
together every Friday and Saturday and spend
the night helping to convince the typical that
things aren‘t as bad as he thinks. Unfortunate-
ly. they always are. r

l shall always envy those in that big yellow
basket. It is they whoshall always have a place
to go on Saturday night and a beautiful spouse
to come home to when they are old and grey.
My world is different than theirs and the two
shall never meet and the sooner i realize this.
the better off I shall he.

     
   
  
    
    

 

8t 22

 

DON’T. GET
RIPPED OFF

This SemeSter

Buy and sell your Israelis at Student Association’s

300K EXCHANGE

 YMCA '

Adult Education Classes

. HATHA YOGA - 10 weeks,startingTues. Jan. 25, 7:30 pm.
FENCING — 12 weeks, starts Mon. Jan 24, 8:00 pm.
JUDO — 8 weeks, starts Mop. Jan. 17, 7:00 pm.
WOMEN’S FITNESS — starts March 3, 6 weeks

For more info call Michdel Stickne y
at the Albany YMCA 449-7196

‘ To sell your books:
Bring Books to CC 315 by 7 PM Friday

To buy books:
Monday, January 24 thru Wednesday, January 26
. _ 10 AM to 7 PM

.Service charge 15c per book.

 

    

turnouts“, v

iaoei‘u'

  

 

" s  ‘ANYf ‘ mom Pause

  
 

Co 315

funded by student association

JANUARY 21. 1977

 

 versusstudent opinions ofthe school.

, tantDéun.’ t...

and p'lunned'change in criminal justice.

longer." according to the assistant dean.

“50.” said Morgan. ‘

ilCl'OSS lht! country.

\ g dry, and graduate fellows and assistan s. not'oniylto 
1 find out what the chool was a h‘outgbut to 'com'pa' faculty .

I “The program is not aimed at being a professional ohe. but .
rather is a broad. interdisciplinary school dealing with all _
aspects of Criminal Justice." said 'John Morgan. the Assis- '

The school offers four areas of concentration: the nature of- r ’ I
crime. iuw_and'social control. the criminal justice process;

A dcgreein Criminal Justice prepares one for career ulter-
nutives such as “policingon the state. city or municipal level.
teaching. research. or administrative agency work in areas

I such as parole. corrections. or probation.“ stated Morgan.

The school has l3 full time faculty members and l50
students. I00 of whom are going for the Phi). A nutstcrs '
degree takes 1 your and is an “intensive 30 hour progrum."

9 while the PhD is u 3 year one. Howovcr. “many students
stretch it out or wind tip working on research so it takes

The school dcmunds no particular background for uccep-
v tuncc. but looks for a “good academic program. on average
of at least 3.0 and u Graduate Record Exnm score of Hill)-

“Each year there are a greater number ol'students coming
from Albany us undergraduates.“ stated Morgan. “We
recruit students by sending letters about the department to all
seniors with a 3.4 or better. We‘re ufterthc quality student."

The school has becncvuluuted by u team of the nation‘s top

,scholurs us the number one school of its kind in the country.
. As of 2 years ago there were 77 MA and I3 l’hD programs

The idea for the creation of a graduate School of Criminal
‘_ Justice at Albany was authorized in I965 til the request ofthe
I: Governor in response to. as he said in a message to the

   

threatened by our people."

“Coming from this Universitythejob murketis better than
for most graduates. Those who want to teach in universities
are getting the jobs,“ said Hans Toch. a professor in the
school. "There is no question that those who know the ﬁeld

 

.
. Editor's Nult':
-_‘ Department.

‘ By MICHAEL MASCELLI

_ ' In the world of literature there are certain
characters who. though their chronicles are
'lcss than masterpieces. are nevertheless so
‘churismntic that they attract a large. devoted
almost fanatical following. Since hisend in the
curly 1900‘s. there has been an unending series
of articles. books. plays. letters and films
ubout Arthur Conan Doyle's ﬁctional
Sherlock Holmes. The legend surroundingthc
muster of 22 | h linker Street has grown to such
proportions that such groups as the Baker
Street lrrcgulurs genuinely argue that Holmes
uctunlly lived.

A recent addition to the Holmes collection
is Nicolus Meyer‘s The Seven Pervert! Solu-
tion. it bestselling book made into a film.
Closely folowing the book. the film presents
Meyer‘s extrapolation of the events of
_l|olmcs' three year "hiatus" from detective
work. For the most part. the story is im-
uginutivc and plausible. building on events in
thc Doyle stories and adding contemporary
event: and chuructcrs.

'l’hough Mcycr is a competent lllOVcllSl he is
less than successful as a screenwriter; the first
45 minutes of the film cuntuin almost no ac-

‘ tion and are consequently very dull. The fran-
tic pucc of the opening scene. sct bytlte erratic
hallucinations of Holmes. is quickly boggcd
down in several unduly long scenes with. and
narrated by Watson. The entire character of
Mrs. Watson is really an extraneous detail.
The principal plot innovation is Watson’s
chuncc discovery of tire work of Sigmund
Freud. With the aid of Holmes' brother

. Mycroft. Watson concocts a scheme to bring
the cocaine addicted detective and the famous I
dbCiOl' together. ‘

=Once in Vienna the plot gets an overdue
boost. The picture of Holmes suffering
through the agony of withdrawal is quite
believable, and once clued he and Watson

:join forces with Freud for a typical Holmes
lcase. Meyer provides all the necessary
elements: a damsel in distress. an abundance

 

 

 

J

Uf confusing close. a red herring. an

.rANUAItY 21. 1977

ﬁrstfna .reriarmrtht' Criminal Justice
.

archvillutn. and of course the world‘s greatest
detective. Preserving the essence of :1 Doyle
plot with the deductions. chase scenes. near
misses and daring rescue. Meyer adds an in-
teresting variation: Doyle‘s Watson was
always there to ask the very question on the
lips of the reader and provide some uwitting
though crucial insight; Meyer's Watson is
nothing but an extra wheel on the cart, his
former role assumed and enlarged by Freud.
Holmes tells us who. and Freud tells us why.
The interplay of these two great minds is in-
deed fascinating. but in the process is lost that
intangible humor. comic relief and audience
identification provided by Watson. they don't
need him. or us. "
Moriarty Exposed

The film successfully integrates elements
from Doyle such as the snake and Toby the
bloodhound without making obscure
references that only a dcvotcc would unders-
tand. But devotee or not Ross‘ direction is
flawed by numerous "Hollywood" con-
trivunccs. especially with Freud. Freud coin-
cidentally meets the urchvilluin. whom he sub-
sequently insults. challenges to u duel. and
soundly beats at. of all things. tennis. He then
proceeds to cure Holmes. solve the mystery,
aid in the rescue of the fair maid. and delve
into Holmes‘ subconscious to find him
possessed by a childhood trauma which neatly
explains all the peculiarities of Holmes'com-
plcx life. After this awesome display. it must
have been only a small chore to arrange the
coincidental meeting of Holmes and the
rescued damsel for a trip off into the sunset.

Even if one accepts all this as plausible. the
true Holmes fan can never forgive the ex-
posing of the "Napoleon of Crime” the
supremely cvil Moriarty as nothing more than
a figment of Holmes imagination—Doyle‘s
genius was that he left Moriarty largely to the
reader's imagination.

The actors in this expanded tale are exten~
sions of many of their predecessors. Ironically.
Nicol Williamson as Holmes is at his best
when under the influence of cocaine. for it is

research and ice erehr
justice." The first classes started in [968. " '
ascreated at a time of growth for the
we er wantedth'e'pchoola’ndit was ‘ ' d r
‘ ‘ id Morgan in re'eponse‘to' how'the" school "
obtaiitx sobre o

    
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
   
  
 
   
   
    
   
  
    
   

Assistant no." John Morgan who Is in charge ot
admissions to the school.

in terms ofthcjobvmurkct in the field of Criminal Justice.
Morgan said. “There are many jobs to be had in the field.
that's one ofthe bestsellers ofthe program. Anyone who isn't
working is doing so by his own chhosing. We do need time to
gain impact though. We've only turned out l7 PhD‘s so far.
Also. many people in agencies feel their jobs might be

of criminal justice know we're at the top. We wouldn‘t be
working the students so hard if we didn't want to maintain
the quality of the product we give to the consumer."

is lit the administratio

  

e mi scholars and
'asked what the school's

 
 

  

iverslty.“

students.“

university photo service

it.

here that we see a new side ofthe character. By
far his finest scene is the first meeting with
Freud. when he combines a supreme bit of
Holmcsian deduction with the erratic
movements of a man possessed. Once cured.
however. Williamson must contend with all
the previous interpretations of Holmes the
detective. He is competent though less than
commanding about the chase as he lacks the
charisma of a Rathbone. whose mere presence
could dominate a scene. .

Alan Arkin as Freud is believable both in
terms of his looks and his accent. He gives a
sensitive portrayal of Freud the concerned.
pensive doctor treating his patient. The scenes
at Freud's house are among the best in the
film. When he leaves the office however he
ceases to be Freud the doctor and becomes
eventually a psychological counterpoint to the
circumstantial deductions of Holmes. Arkin is
to be congratulated for bringing any degree of
credibility to such scenes nsthe tennis match.

The minor characters are generally ex-
cclicnt. Lord Olivier us Moriarty completely
steals his only two scenes. und Charles Gray as
Mycroft lends needed life to his scenes with
Watson. Joel Gray adds it hit of humor to his
red herring role. and Vanessa Redgrave is
quite sufficiently beautiful and ethereal as the
much trayelled Lola Dcveraux.

And then there is Watson. Robert Duvall is
grossly mis-cust in this role. doubtless due to
his resemblance to the Watson in the Sidney
Puget original illustrations. All the details are
correct. the moustache. the clothes. the limp;
bui it is not Watson. His principal handicap is
his accent, not only is it not British, but he is
obviously uncomfortable with it. Watson is
subordinated to Freud, and though this may
be a blessing. is tremendous potential was lost.
Outside of bringing Holmesto Vienna his only
function was to provide some feeble comic

Justice schools.althoug h I V ’ . j

belongs to an academic unit that could be located at its
vard.“ said Professor Toch“ Referring'to’.the facu
‘ school he said.‘ “This campus can‘point to more distinguished 1
people sitting in‘o

 
 

f fices than any other department in the Un W,

As far as the quality of ‘the students in the school of r -‘
Crithinal'Jus'tice. David'Thomas said he couldn'tjudge since- -
he‘s 'only' been here for 1/4 of ’a semesier. ' l l
, . He did say however that.f‘lftlie department has a problem
it‘s‘not betting the'students with a‘ sufficient background of
the faculty here. The faculty is quite capable of giving a wide ‘
range ol‘..courses. Students seem to take only the basic
courses. It‘s my impression that other courses don't get the
strong support that they should.“

Hans Toch stated that. "We're attracting people we
shouldn‘t be uttructing. people looking fora place to go when».
they‘re not accepted to law school. On the average the
students are good. but there aren‘t us many good students as
we‘d like: There‘s also the trouble of not attracting minority

When asked his opinion: professor Donald Newmun '

described the students as “excellent.”
‘ As far as other weaknesses of the department. Toch .
thought there were none. “We haven‘t grown as fast as we
started out. although no one has. We‘re somewhat privileged
in that we haven‘t been phased out or diminished.“ V
“The drying up of funds for research in crime.“ on the part
' of both the students and the professors is a fault according to
Newman. Similarly. Morgan cited "the lack of enough
feIIoWship money.

Of the faculty and administration interviewed. all agreed
that the school lives up to the reputation as number one.

In addition to the strong faculty. “The school lives up to '
the standard of number one in terms of the solid degree it
gives. Lots of schools givc courses in handcuffing | and 2.
and how to fill out forms. huh only i other Pthrogram has
the some solidity in terms of research training.“ said Toch.

n

 Solution? Elementary my transom“ '

criminals.
. Though the film misses potential for
characterization. it wastes few opportunities
for visual detail. Holmes' rooms at Baker
Street seem remarkably accurate in the one
short scene that takes place there. Watson‘s
house is classically Victorian. and Freud's of-
fice is 'an excellent extension of the man. Un- I
fortunately none of these sets are particularly
well established or utilized. In contrast. the ex-
teriors are much more lively and visually in-l'
teresting. There is good use of foreground and
background not simply using depth of field as
it convenient way to save cutting as in the in-
teridrs. By far the best visuals were the im-
pressionistic shots of ths train and the im-
aginative moving camera and soft focus ofthe
hallucination. Conversely. the overly graphic
shooting of Holmes‘ mother could have been
done with a good deal more subtlety.
Worthwhile Heresy -

The music score was triumphantly unob-
trusive. John Addison‘s music was too non-
descript to be able to contribute to the image.
The score contains no themes or motifs and
draws attention to itself only in a cliched
passage with the pounding truin wheels. The
only interesting music in the film is ‘Stephen-
Sondheim's song sung by aging Madame. its
bawdy lyrics are not only humorous but
embellish the image as well.

The editing and structure were also predic-
tably mundane. The unimaginative though

I economical moving camera often replaces the

breaking down of scenes into individual shots.
and the few well-matched transitions are offset
by several awkward ones. The slow pace is
picked up in the chase scenes and later carried
by the built-in force of the trains. But the train
sequence should have been much tighter;
Overall the trim is a competent rendering of
an inventive look at Sherlock Holmes. Fans of

relief when the chase leads the trio toa lavish ("the Rathborte-Bruce series. and devotees of

brothel. One cannot help but imagine the
irrepressible Nigel Bruce as Watson, relating
to some entranced weneh how he
singlehandledly captured England's ﬁercest

mmswnm PRESS

“\g-eI-DH-h «'1. ;. Linea-o4 u o- u n. .. ...-....-...

 

Doyle will doubtless be disappointed with this
heresy. though the film does offer sufﬁcient

creativity and talent tornake it wonhwlii-leJ 

and somewhat entertaining.

ram scum a.

 

   
 
     

   
    
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
   
   
    
   
    
   
         
     
 
   
 

      
   
 

      

 

         
       
           
       
         
       
   
  
   
   
   
    
    
  
   
  
   
   
 
   

a. l 5.. h». as E's-sshﬂv‘kx‘éi’EVV‘» as“

  
        
     
           
      
  
   
 
 

   
      
       
       

 

 

‘ - ottoman 

     
    

  
 

