 

 
 
  

ma.

by Corinne Bernstean
Students competing for a Regents
Scholarship this year, will have to

 take the Scholastic Aptitude Test

(SAT) or the American College Test
(ACT) instead of the Regents
Scholarship Exam (RSE).

The former system of awarding
scholarships to lower-scoring alter-
nates if scholarshipwinners choose a
school outside of N.Y. State has also
been abolished.

“This move came out of the gover-
nor‘s ofﬁce and legislature, in an
attempt to save money for the state
and avoid duplication.” Brown said.

Chief Budget Examiner l’aul
Veillette of the State Department of
Budget said the state hopes to save

 

 

close to $l million by combiningthe

 

 

Invite the bunch . ..
Mix a great, big bucket full of

Mien ﬂorists Mireille:

Serves 32... tastes like a super cocktail]

Greatest drink ever invented! Mix a batch in advance,
add ice and 7UP at the last minute. . . serve the crowd
right out of the bucket! Smooth ‘n delicious. Wow!

Recipe:

One filth Southern Comfort
3 quarts 7UP

6 01. fresh lemon juice
One B-oz. can frozen orange juice
One 6-01. can frozen lemonade

Chill ingredients. Mix in bucket,
adding 7UP lest. Add a few drops
load coloring (optional) and stir
lightly. Add ice, orange, lemon
slices. Looks and testes greetl

 

  
  
   
 

You know it's got to be good. . . when it’s made with

Southern] dormant/7%

SOUTHERN BOMFOM COlil'OliAliOll. lllO PROOF llOUEUli. ST. lOUlS. MO. 63132

 

tests.

Brown said. though. that com-
birritig the tests might have some
advcrsc cffccts.

“A lot of people will be prevented
from taking the SAT and ACT
because they can't pay the necessary
fccs." he said. “Although the
Educational Testing Service (ETS).
which administers the SAT. in-
creased their fee waivers by 50 per-
cent this year. they can‘t begin to
handle all the requests for waivers.“
he said.

Since the Regents Scholarship will
be based on the highest composite
test scores. lirown said. it may favor
more affluent students who can af-
ford to take tltc SA'I' several times.

“We had no intent to disen-
franchisc tltc poor. Veillette siiid.
“l‘m going to check statistics and
data to see if they support this ac-
cusation.“

“Wc canncvcrtcllwhcthcrcurrcut
practices will continue until the
lcgislatttrc passes each new budget to
continue funding awards. Each year.
winners and altcrnatcs are an-
riottncctl. pending legislatch ap-
proval.“ llrowu said.

“’I he RSli was dcsigttctl.in its first
part. to reﬂect the aptitude the stu-

 

 

dcnt has and. in the sccoitd part. to

 

Follow
The Leader
to The 16th Annual

 ‘ '

 
   

:' '4“.
-_
-
‘
--
c
-.
‘
Sponsored By

or

Capital Newspapers

NOVEMBER 4-5-6
EMPlRE STATE PLAZA, ALBANY, N.Y.

Features include:
ski demonstration: and performances (Alpine, cross-country.
free style and ballet) . alrl falhlona C maviu and music .
refreshment: O skating demonal'rotiom C more than TOO
eahibitor booths C prizes . appoarancoe by Loire Placid
Olympic hopefuls . doqaled demonstrations . and much
morel

Showtime:
Friday: 1'!” a.m.-l0r30 prm.
Saturdayi 2.00 p.m.-lOr30 p.m.
Sunday: llm arm-Tim p.m.

Admieeioni
Adults —- $2.00
Children l2 It under —— 75:

Discount Coupons available at participating eahibitou
50: all adult admission
25c all children l2 Gr under admission

Underoround Parking Available

 

reflect the current ltigh school
cttrricttliint. Part two of the RSli
may or may not bc identical to the
ACT. which is not specifically
oriented to static curriculum. There is
a great dcgrcc oi overlap. but tltctwo
arc not the same.“ he said.

Psychology

cvnlinm‘rl on [ulgt’ 0”"

'l'cdcschi. “and probably over [00 in
the department. They‘ve been ttbic to
collect data for only one or lWo
weeks."

“A written report of research com-‘
pletcd is required." said 'l'cdcscht.
“They [the grad students] will jtist
have to takc art incomplete for six
credits. i guess." he said. A
provisional instructor in thc depart-
mcrtt said. "if you can't do research.
yott can't get tctttirc. Moreover. you
can't get a job elsewhere."

"I ilm itot unconcerned with the
development of graduate students.“
said O‘l.cary. "We will certainly
have to look into these types of
issues."

According to SUNYA's agree-
ment with tltc State Health Depart-
ment. all proposcd research ill-
volving human subjects must be
rcvicwcd by the Institutional Review
Board. aii lll'.W~appt‘o\'cd screening
committcc.

“l'iu surc the review board at this
tune is being \cry carcl'til abottl witat
ll is clearing." said ()‘lcary.

"for thc icst ol this semester.
trinity rcscaicli projccts will not lie
tcasrblc." said (iiriiitp. "I'vc bccn in
tottch \vttli utlrcuils of tile American
Psychological Association for oitcr-
riati\c nicasurcs." he said. “We can't
allord to let thc research curl."

 

 

PAGE ’I‘WO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

  

 
   
   
   
   
    
    
   
    
 

New Prenatal Test for Muscular Dystrophy

BOSTON (AP) Doctors say they have found a wayto determine before him h
whether a baby will be crippled by a usually fatal. inherited form of muscular
dystrophy. The researchers said that with the results of their test. minim.”
may decide to have abortion rather than bear children afﬂicted With the
illness. Doctors say their method. a kind of prenatal blood test. can identity
Duchenne‘s muscular dystrophy. This is a form of the disease‘thai strikes
only boys. by it is passed on to them by their mothers. who do not sum-r .l.
symptoms. An account of the research. performed at Yale Medical School
and other colleges. was published in Thursday's edition ofthe New Eng'um]
Journal of Medicine.

Bryant Won't Stop Fight

NEW V()RK(AP) Anita Bryant has ﬂown homcto Florida after Ctlltcclling ..
news conference scheduled here because of bomb threats and plarnn-d
demonstrations by homosexual activists. The guys had said thcy would
picket and tie tip traffic at the New York Hilton. planned site of the nu“.
conference. even if Miss Bryant was notthcrc. Miss Bryant and her husband.
Bob Greene, said yesterday they decided to cut short their New York mu
after her hotel and NBC, where she taped the interviews. received llltcat-
Miss Bryant said the threats would not intimidate her, and would not tlclt't
her from her campaign against homosexuality.

South African Newspaper Blasts U.S. Policy

JOIIANNESBURG. South Africa (AP) The South African governmch
leading newspaper critic today objected to increased U.S. pressure for i'iiL'Irll
liberalization. saying America is providing the white minority govcrrrrncnt
with domestic political ammunition. A progovernment newspaper told llrc
United States to “go to hell." The comments came after Secretary ol Slitlt'
Cyrus R. Vance annotiriccd that the United States was with drawing il
commercial attache and rtaval attache and that the arms embargo Anlct‘ttd
has observed against South Africa since 1963 would be extended to com
such borderline equipment as spare aircraft parts and radar installations. lht
United States also supports a mandatory. international arms cmbargo
against Sottth Africrt that is to be voted fridayinthe UN. Security Council

 Ecstsvslsibﬁﬁitﬁmn. wwngﬁghww

Panel Advises Gov't on Opening Private Mail
WASIIING'I'ONMP) The federal government‘s practice of opening rti.iil
intended for private citizens would come under severe restrictions if ('tutglcxs
accepts rccommcudations made by a House committee. The gtWL'i’ltltlL'ttl
operations cornmittcc said Wednesday the fcdcrtil authorities should llt'
rcqttircd to obtain search warrants befbrc opening people's mail. The pain-I.
reporting on a subcommittcc‘s investigation of the Customs Service’s lllilll'
opening program. concluded that the practice should be permitted unit
under special circumstanccs specified by Congress.

Two L.l. Doctors and Nurse Charged with Assault
HAUl’l’AUGE. N.Y.(Al’) Smithtown General Hospital. two Surgeons. .i
nurse and an anesthetist have been indicted for sccond»dcgrcc assault lot
allegedly allowing a medical supply salesman with a grammar school
education to patch up a botched surgicaljob. The patient. partially Crippit'rl
has already begun a maipracticcsuit against the two doctors. bttt Cl'ctllls I lit'
salesman with saving his life. Henry O‘Brien. the Suffolk Cottrity Lllsllltl
attorney. announced the indictments Wednesday and said he has eriiparrclcd
a special grand jury to investigate allcgatiorts that salesmen havc lk‘t'll
permitted to pcrfornt surgical chores at other Long island hospitals.

Hearst Conviction Upheld

SAN FRANCISCO (Al’) Patricia Hearst. disappointed by a rcrittir rituch
bank robbery conviction. says the courts still fail to recognirc that ilt'l
involvcmcnt in the crime was the result of her abduction by the SI \
“Everythingthat occurred in i974 was the result of my bcitig kidnappctl." ~|ir
said Wednesday in it telephone call to a newspaper reporter. “.lll‘illtt'
demands rccognitiortoftltat fact." Athrec-judge panel ofthe 9th U.S. (in all
Court of Appeals rulcd chncsdaythat the 23-year-old Miss Hearst l'L'L't'Ht'tl
it fair trial and upltcld hcr conviction of a Hibernia Bank branch lil \ut
Francisco. Chief defense attorney F. Lee Bailly was unavailablc tn!
coinntcrit. bitl associate Wayne Sriiit it said tltc case definitely will hc apprurlr ll
to lhc U.S. Supreme Court.

New Life Form Discovered

WASHINGTON (AP) What cottld bc one of the first life forms to L'\tii\t 
earth is still alive in tlic foirii of a ruirco-orgiuustn that has stu‘vncd t or w 1'
that three billioti years. University ol Illinois scientists said Wctincsddx ti.
tltc tiny organism prcviotisiytliought to bc art ordinary hactcrituii is it' ill-
scpttralc loriit ol lifc diitiug hack to earth's early history. “W dim”
challenges the traditional tlicory that divides living thing into two in: ‘
classes. lllt: "Itiglicr" forms oi animal arid plants. and the "lower" Int “1'
hactcrtn and algae. llii: sclcntists saythcu‘ organisiri fits Iicitilcr group ll
organisms arc a distinct ncw class. no more rclatcd lotypicnl baCIcrla illrlli'“
Inglicr lorms." said l)t. Carl R. Wticsc. tin: research team lcadci. “ l lll'\ .u I
third loriii ol lilc on this planet."

 

NOVEMBER 4. 1977

  
 

Dwellings Purchase a Step Closer

by Peter Nadel

Student Dwellings. inc. may-soon
be able to finance the purchase of a
house on Hudson Avenue in down-
toWn Albany. The student-run cor-
poration has been seekingto buy and
rehabilitate the building for over a
year. as part ofa long range program
to establiin SA-owncd off-campus
housing in Albany.

According to Director of
Residences John Welty.tlie corpora-
tion must sccurc rehabilitation funds
and accept a renovation bid frotn an
outside contractor before the
purchase cart be closed.

Purchase negotiations have been
plagued in tire past by a series of
delays. stemming from within the
corporation and the Rehabilitation
Assistance Office. a federally funded
program operating under tltc Com-
munity Development Program.

Wclty. who is Vicc Prcsidcitt of
Student Dwellings. said the
organi/atiori is ciigiblc to rcccivc
funding covering onc-lliird to one-

half of the rehabilitation costs from
the Rehabilitation Assistance Ofﬁce.

At present. Student Dwellings
inc. has entered into a “purchiise
agreement“ with the owner of the
house. Welly said. Originally. the
Corporation made an agreement
with this landlord to buy the house
on or before August 3 l. l977. Delays
resulting from the switching of
specialists who were assigncd to the
case at the Rehabilitation Assistance
Office resulted in an extension ofthe
original purchase deadline.

Oncc again. in late September. the
second time limit expired with the
corporation still unttblc to ﬁnalize
the agreement. Wclty said this was
dtic to continuing problems at the
Rchabilitatiort Office as well as the
lack of acccptablc renovation bids
from contractors.

'l hc bttiidirig laitdlord subsc-
qucruly asde the corporation to ptit
tip a considerable sum of ritoricy as
prool oi their intention to btiy. Wcl-
ty said. This money will be forfeited

 

UPS nAvt stAwsrv

The projected UAS dellclt Is a result of rapidly rising costs and several
large additional expenses within a short period of time. according to
UAS General Manager E. Norbert Zahm.

if the corporation fails to complete
the sale by the end of November.
Welty said. if the sale is ﬁnalized.
however. the money will be credited
toward the purchase price of the
house.

Student Dwellings President Sue
Sokol said she doesn‘t expect furt her
delays. “We don‘t feel the money is in
jeopardy.“ she said.

Student Dwellings lnc.. created in
l97l. was essentially dormant until
the Fall of l975 when plans for the
purchase of the Hudson Avenue
building were instituted. The prime
mover ofthe project. said Welly. was
former S.A. Vice President Rick
Mccklcr. Since that time the cor-
poration has had three presidents
and a changing membership on its
board of dircctors.

The corporation now consists of
five faculty-staff members. seven
students and two representatives of
llrc Albany community who have
takcn an intcrcst iii sccing this
rehabilitation completed.

UPS/KEN AMION

Student Dwellings. Inc. may llnally be able to llnance the houses on
Hudson Ave. that they have been aeeklng to buy and renovate to
eetabllsh SA-owned ell-campue houelng to Albany.

UAS Will Face Financial Losses

by Mitchell [)rach

UAS will lose money this ycarfor
the first time since l972. accordingto
General Manager E. Norbert Zahm.

UAS projections for ﬁscal year
I978 estimate a loss of $40,000. con
siderably down from the $27|.(r86
net gain the corporation carncd last
year. Zahm said.

UAS (llnivcrsity Auxilary Scr-
viccs) is a not lor‘ profit corporation
which handles quad and campus
ccntcr lood service. as well as a
nurnbcr ol otlicr services including
check cashing and the bookstore.

“A cottibination of a continuing
trend of rapidly rising expenses and
lhc arrival of several large added ex-
penses within a short period oftime
caused the deficit“ according to
Zahm.

/.ahm said air cstiniatcd 580.000
risc iii the cost ol the UAS payroll
was cttttscd by the recent mcrcasc in
tlic miriiruurn wagc. lic iitldctl that

Supreme Court Denies Appeal

by Stctc lirackctt
and Diana Kuliland

llic SA Suprcinc Cottrt \‘otcd
Sunday to deny all appeal in its tit-ci—
sltlll‘ to rutalidatc last month's
Colonial Quad clcctiotis. llicappcnl
bad hc issued by Tom Wallace. n
Cctitral Cottricil candidatc who was
tound gtiiity ol violating SA clcctiort
law by the Court last month.

The Cotirt bad unalidiitcd tltc
clcction illlL'l' a coriiplaiiit was filed
by Central Council crindidalc Carol
Jurist. itgilillsl Wallace. who had up-
prrrcrilly wort thc election. Jurist
coriiplatricd that Wallth had
wrongly and publicly accused licr
ol plagcrrsru durtiig tlic clcctiori.

The Supreme Cotirt tried the case
itrid iottnd Waliacc Ill \tolation ol
the SA Constitution‘s clcclton
policies.

l-llcction invalidated

ilic cicctroii was subsequently lil-
\.iiidatcd. Wallricc was l't'llltnL‘ti
Ittttll the ballot and \His ordcicd to
publicly Jurist
through a | cltrr totlic i ditoi III the

apirlogt/c to

It .Yl'. and ncu clcctious “crc
scliciluicd
Altcr llic dcctsiori was Irradc.

Mark liorkottski. also a candidate
lor Council. and Wallace both lbslit‘tl
.in iippcal to llll.‘ Cotirt. who llrcri
dcnicti hearings on both appeals,

A lttrtltcr appeal was then issued

NOVEMBER 4, 1977

to tlic clcctitirrs coriirurssiori. who
clcclcd .ot to appciti thc L‘ilSL'.

According to the Court‘s ('lucl
.litsticc .lcll Sicgcl. Wallace tried his
appeal on the grounds that orin two
of tlic scvcn Suprcinc Court justices
wcic pt'cscut at tlic |icaiiug.nrrtl that
Ihc court had established il law that
was in fact cx post iacto (ntndc alter
the oflctisc. btit operative wrtli
rcspcct to the incident iii question).

liouiid by Constitution

” | ltc Court is bound by tlic cou-
stitution.“ Sicgcl said. “and thc rules
are valid as long as they are not iii
conflict With the constitution.“ He
added that thc scvcujusticcs do not
need to be present iii a ilL'ilflllg.

Ati ex post lttcto law was not cs-
ttiblished. Sicch stud. bccausc
Wallace had already broken the law.

According to Sicgcl. Wallace
itrgucd that Marc iicncckc's case two
years ago. in which licricckc was ac-
cttscd of stuffng Central Council
ballots. set a precedent.

“ | ilitl didn't set a prcccdcut.“ said
Sicgcl. “because lie was nc\cr pr o\cn
guilty ol ballot stalling. 'l wo wrongs
don't make a right."

Wallace's case did sct :i prcccdcrit.
Sir:ch sriiti. liccritisc hc was found
guilty, and the breach of election
tnnudnlcd that he hc takcu till the
ballot

"If his tuiiiic \scrc lclt on the

ballot. what's to strip luiii or an) uric
clsc liorii doing Ii .igiuii'.’ Ilic pi'occss
could go on and on." said Sicgcl.

According to Srcgcl. the Court
dcltbcralcd toi tlircc hours Sunday
night to Ircair Wallace‘s appeal. and
that ol llorkowskr. who sides with
Wallace.

A resolution introduced at
chiicsday night's Cotincii mccting
to objch to the Court‘s ticcisiou
Iailcd.

"'I lie rcsolutron was brought itplo
citd tlic disptlic and lo qtitt wasting
the Council‘s tiriic." Sicgci said.

('olonitil Losing ()ut

“'i he oiin pcopic whoarc losiugiu
this decision aic the people on
Colonial Quad." said Wallace.

Jurist said that slic fclt that tlic
Court was correct and proper iti
their initial decision and that occur-
diiigtotthonstitutiori.Critirrcildid
not luivc tlic rtglit to rcvicw tlic
Court‘s ticcisrou.

"ll his iiatiic were back on the
ballot." .ltir ist stud. "and siricc he was
protcn guilty ol violating liic clcc—
turn. what was the point ol Ill-
vtilidattug lilL' lust clcctitiii'l"

Council \\lll hc opcti urtttl next
Tuesday lot lurtlici‘ appeals, btit
Wallricc stated that he is not goirtgto
makcariy ltirtiicrappciilsand that lic
is going to rcqitcst others to do tltc
same.

there will be a $65,000 increase in
Social Scctirity. Unemployment in-
stirancc and retirement beneﬁts costs
for UAS.

UAS may also litivc to pay a $70.-
000 state utility charge. he said.

labm said he is not worried about
llrc implications oi the UASdclicit.

"As long as it dclicit occurs orin
once in a great \vliilc arid as long as
the loss is small. it is not all that im—
portant. "hc said.

As a lion profit corporation. UAS

used some ofits net income last year
to rcinvcsl in equipment and to sup
port auxilary programs such as
Mohawk Campus and (ilen Housc.
Zahm said.

Despite a loss. UAS will still be
able to coittiiittc these activities
through the use ol unused net in-
come froin past years. according to
Zahm.

This is an uncharacteristic year
Zalim said bccausc of tlic cxtrat
ilL'il\') load of cxpcnscs.

Environmental Studies
Program Awaits Money

by Charles Bell

former students and faculty ofthe
rcccntly terminated Environmental
Studies Program. iii'c still awaiting
approtal of a New York State
lcgislatric rcscarch grant. :iltliotigli
thc i)i\i~.rori of thc liudgct bad
rclcascd il icttci ill rind-October
allocating llrc lllttlic‘).

According to \‘irc l'i‘csidcnt ltu
RL‘NL'illL'll lotus Salkcwt‘. SUNYA‘s
Sh‘llllltl ill»
propriruion is t‘tittllltyt'ltl upon rip-
protrii b\ |)()li,

l nrxpcctcd Problems

"llicrc \tcrc high hopes among

laculty that thc

obldiiinicnt ol tlic

students and

Program would hc I'L'\l\’t.'(.l soon."
silltl loirucr liuvirorimcntal Studies
l'ttllcssill‘ Louis lsiiray. “Wc really
didn‘t c\pcct Io llil\L‘ pi'oblcms with
llic ruoucy."

 

The funding. passed by the State
Legislature prior to the termination
of tlic linvironntcntal Studies
Program on August 3i isdcsigncdto
coritiritic thc uudcrgradnatc and
gradtialc programs iii Environmen-
tal Studies. carry ottl rc arcli. arid
pro\idc thc ptrbiic with information
on tile L‘ll\tl'riltlllL'lll.

As a part ol the research function.
ll\U new positions in the At-
ttiosphcr'ic Scicncc Rcscrtr‘cli Ccnlci
will be iiddcti by tiic litincistly Pct-
soriucl l)cpiirtrucnt. IILCttl’dlllg to
ol l’cl\tilli1t:i. icon

 

Director
('alliouuc.

According to lsuiay. thc biickcrs
ol the appropriation Ill tlic Stritc
Legislaturc \tct'c lamiliar with
SlJNYA’s lintiroumcntal Studies
Program and were pleased with its
results.

UPS/MIKE CONTlllO

Central Council candidate Tom Wallace's appeal baa been denied by
Supreme Court. Wallace's name wee removed from the ballot etler be
accused his opponent of ptaglarlam durlng the election.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE THREE

 

 

 

 

i
l
l.
r

 

