 

 

. . _ y‘s‘IfFVEN'GOLDS'I'EIN t'odo.Aboutiw0 ‘ininuteslaterlthrewthe
g .=<Now.gNow that .I can finally sit and damn racingformsalloverthe place.Ifclt
reflect uponwhat I have done I do not feel satisﬁed, but I certainly didn't feel good.
v ‘ ashamtid.\tRclieVed. ltruly feel relieved.l . The bathroom always upset me
pace this cage which is. called prison and because I was forcedtolooltinthe mirror.
commit the same crimes over‘and over i couldn't take it off the wall because it
383.“ Within by brain And eyerythins is was on too tight, and each time I put a
the “I‘m? 1 W58" With mylelf. I am no towel up to cover it the towel fell down.
longer forced by my conscience to bet The mirror reminded me of the sun.
with someone else. I realize only now that I cursed at the toilet. because it made so
I am self-sufﬁcient. much noise. I hated noise. I don‘t
The history of my disease is common. understand how I put up with the crowds
My plague overwhelmed me so suddenly at the racetrack for so long. I always
,'that‘I have little recollection of how it preferred to shoot pool and play cards
aetually occurred. I only know that I've because there was much less noise. Much
seen it before andawill see it again. it is of my irritability was derived from noise.
common. In fact. prison is common. l feel After the toilet stopped speaking to me in
common, but I do not feel ashamed. that terrible tone of voice I went to my
Through the iron bill's WhiCh dresser to find my cocaine. I must have
surround my common home I Iook’ been under the impression that it
outside and see the same horror which] weakened your sense of hearing. I had
ﬁnd in the eyes of my present neighbors. trouble locating my saltshaker full of
Perhaps the dirt and degradation outside coke and began to throw everything
isjust amirage, but I am so accustomedto around the room. It was a common
It that [feel It IS ubiquitous. The mornings occurence; my entire bedroom had been
here bore me as mornings have bored me displaced due to my abrupt ﬁts of rage. I
wherever I have been. One special found the saltshaker after about ten
morningthetedium madeits final assault. minutes of searching, l recall those ten
The sunlight. attacking through the minutes felt like an eternity. I snorted six
openings in my drapes gnawed at my eyes or seven lines,
and woke me. I loudly cursed the l left the bedroom in a trance and
sunshine. The evening before I had turned on the radio in the kitchen. I
become absorbed by a card table and is noticed the sun was shootingthrough the
grain of cocaine and now I was in no curtains but I paid verylittle attention to
mood to put up with the sun. You can‘t it. I probablydidn‘tcvcn curse at it. It was
challenge it to a duel. one can only hide. I close to midday and I was supposed to be
closed the drapes completely. at the billiard room soon. I walked
As I dressed ldreamed.becauselcould downstairs in my trance but was rudely
no longer dream at night. For months I awakened by the sun, It seemed to
had seen only cards and horses and dicein explode at me as I walked out my
my sleep. Perhaps it had been years. I am apartment building door,
uncertain as to what I had been dreaming As I entered the pool room I observed
about. but I recallalways having my mind how it was so interchangeable with my
wander as I dressed. I picked up 2! dcck of apartment. The walls were bare and dirty
cards that was lying on the dresser and except for a poster ofJackie Gleason and
dealt outahand ofsolitaire. Solitaire was Paul Newman taken from the movie
my favorite game. After turning Over "Hustler." I had the same picture in my
several extremely disappointing cards I bedroom. It bored me probably because]
Vtolently scattered them to the floor and was so jealous of both of them I
walked out ol'the room. lwas cursingout The owner of the place always
loud once again. reminded me of my father, they were
lthrcw openthc refrigerator door with about the same age and they looked 'I
such force that it almost ﬂew off its little alike. Each time I saw him ll
hinges. Ilaughed sarcastically aslstudied remembered my father's funeral At in
its contents. The refrigerator wasempty. I same time I forgot that my mother's w e
looked in the cupboard for something to the same day, i as
eat and I’m sure I must have had a The tables thcms .‘ I '
desperate look on my face. I had been told shape. except for thilfglst 
all week that I looked ‘desperatc.’ torn several days before. The owner
' “Screw it!“ I must have said something wasn‘t that upset with me; I offered to pa
like that. As I crashed closed the for it but he refused. Ricky and Billy wch
cupboard door the phone rang. It was playing nineball on the back table and
Billy. chantedto knowwhcthcror notl were anxious to tonure me about th
was goingtoshootpoolthatafternoon.I previous nights' card game The slide
told hlm he COUld 80 fUCk himself. bUt W6 they threw at me no longer bothered me:
both kncwl would bethere. Idespised my great deal because I heard it so often I
own predictability. lshivered asl hung up wasn’t sick of it. ljust resigned myselfto
the phone. I didn't slam the phone down the fact that I would have to hearii ‘M 't
primargly because l had already broken or the time l walked away I 05
two p ones in the past three months. Rick and Bill wer ' i' ' '
Perhaps it was a longer period of time, they we)i‘ejust pclbple Svnhloffiieiiibhieliiliiieti
but I had still broken two phones. same activities as l. Asa matter of fact w
Restlesslylsat atthe kitchentable and disliked each other intensely probtiblc
observed the decor of my apartment. it because we werejealous of each other w:
reminded me more and more each day of each had something the other wanted I
thepool room. It was dirty; Ihad little wanted to win as they did and th.
patience to clean. The ﬂoor was caked wanted to be able to afford io lose 
with layers of mud that lookedasif it were could. An extremely fragile relationsfi's
part of the tiles. The ﬁxture had only one During all this time at the pool halllpl
sixty watt b b; the other two had burned was still under the reign of cocaine which
out. The ﬁt} ure reminded me of myself. calmed mctoacertain extent. I was afraid
While walking into the living room l to travel out of my apartment strai ht
cursed. I was continually cursing. either because of how violent my rem or us d
to myself or at myself, I was never sure gotten. I was afraid of myself p a
which. On the deskinthe living room sat ' I grabbed a cue from the. rack and
hundreds of racingforms and programs. began shooting. The atmosphere of the
Most of them were either torn or looked pool hall excited me as the atmosphere of
half-eaten. I screamed at them instead. a theatre enthuses a stage-lover l was
For a moment I felt good; I was able to always tense; sometimes I felt astiii actor
mid back from somethinglreally wanted would before his first performance. I was

PAGE 4A

 

tragic. Each time I looked towards Billy
and Ricky I stared at their eyes. All I saw
was horror. They appalled me. They
frightened me. I hoped that my eyes
would never speak as theirs did.

Billy and Ricky ﬁnished their game and
Ricky came towards me. He asked if I
wanted to play. Before I had a chance to
answer he was racking up the balls. I
cursed him under my breath and walked
into the bathroom. I sniffed a few more
lines of coke.

He was obnoxious. He was a few years
younger than I; perhaps he was still in
school. I knewthat at any given moment I
could have killed him. ljust knew. I was
also scared I might. But I continued to
play anyway. Cursing under my breath
the whole time.

We shot for about two hours until had
had enough. I lost about three hundred
dollars which I handed to him before I
left. For some reason I was pleased with
my performance. I went back home dizzy
from the coke.

Once again I searched the refrigerator
and found nothing. I thought perhaps I
missed something during the morning
examination. I reached to turn on the
stereo but then recalled that it wasn‘t
working. I immediately became very
angry, but for some reason my anger was
distracted. The next moment I was onthc
phone with Cindy.

Cindy was my only close friend at the
time. She tried to comfort me whenever
she came by but usually was unsuccessful.
She said that I was slowly falling into a
state of lunacy; she said I was completely
unpredictable and didn‘t understand why
I did the things I did. I thought the
opposite. Every day I woke up and did
almost exactly the same things as the day
before. My entire life was it routine I

couldn‘t break. l had no exposure to
anyone outside of those who stayed at my
habitual hangouts. I felt as if I had
dissolved into my few environments. l felt
as common as sugar in coffee.

The effects of the early morning
sunlight attack were now being felt in my
head. Cindy said she was coming over but
l told her to stay home; I wasn‘t worth

seeing in this state. I thought about the .

next time I would be worth seeing and
became totally disgusted. l cursed at
myself for quitca while. Then I realized I
was starvmg.

I threw on my coat and went out to get
something to eat. I had a feeling
something terrible might happen. I had
forgottcntosnort before I left. Even when
I was high I constantly got the feeling
something dreadful was about to occur. I
often shivcrcd at thoscthoughts. I went to
eat pizza across the street from the pool
hall. I knew Tony. the owner. and he
often spoke to me while I ate. I walked in
and he immediately came over to talk to
me. I was not anxious to converse as he
was.

"So what‘s new?"

“Not much. Just give me a slice and a
Tab."

"sure." He paused for a second. “You
workin'?“

"Nope."

“Why not?“

“Don‘t have to yet."

"alﬁat do you mean, yer!"

“ en I run 0 '
have to work.” ut of money. then Ill
pu‘t‘l sce."l'He turned towards the oven to

m s ice in ' ‘
came giver me. and suddenly something

“What do you mean. 'I .ree’!‘ What do
you see? Tell me. come on. tell me exactl
what you see." l was screaming. I was oii
the brink of throwing aﬁt. He attempted

~ LimmiﬂWDENfraPﬂ-ESS

  Rei

to calm the down but I was too angry 1
walked out cursing. I lost my appetite
I went home and sat around for at least
an hour, maybe more. I phoned a few
bookies to make bets on that nigmp
games. It was hockey and basketball
playoff season. I had checked the point
spreads earlier in the day and had made
my choices. They didn’t look promising-
none of my selections looked promising
anymore. Whatever luck I once had had
'gone sour. All my choices the past week
had been disasters. I shouldn't have bctin
the first'place but that wasn‘t really an
alternative. lshould have seen Cindyilui
evening, but I couldn‘t bear to have her
see me. lshould have apologized to Tony.
Sweat began to pour from my lilt‘t‘ in]
thought of all the things I should have
done. From normal. everyday situationt
my mind wandered to card gtllllc\ ol'thc
past. I thought of when I should hint-

bluffed, and when I shouldn‘t llil\t:. I
thought of when I shouldn‘t lizuc pl.i_\ctl
at all. I quickly thought myscll into it
frenzy.

Once again the telephone rcscucd me
from tearing myself to pL'lL'C\ \Ihcri
wanted to know which race I “in goingio
show up for that evening. I told lniiil
hadn‘t yet checked the pttpcr to \t't' \\lllL’Il
horses were running. He told inc tliiit
meant I would be there for tlic thiitl i.icc
Hc guessed pretty well.

Before I headed off for thc tact-truck I
made a second try at buying soiiicthingiu
cut. This time I was
wandered into a dell about four hlockx
from my building and Sill doun it \\.I\
still quite early in thc cicnmg lhc
waitress glanced over at me lot it \L't'illILI
and then walked away. She ucni ht-hnnl
the countcr and started talking to lhc
manager. I had a feeling shc \Iilh talking
about me. I didn‘t know why l got that
feeling. She came over and took tll\ outer
and a few minutes later my kniin moon
the table. I picked it up, cursed ill Illl\\ hot
it was and walked towards llic cash
register. Both the waitress .ind ihc
manager were staring zit me. I put it tlolliii
on thc counter and walked out ciiixing.

Aimlcssly l strolled through lllL' city. i
watched the people pass me by. bill loi
some reason they seemed to he “inching
me more intensely. Even ClllItIlL‘ll
appeared strange to look at bcctltisc oi thc
strange way they looked back at lllL' lhc
power in their eyes frightened inc. My
leisurely stroll changed into it brisk milk.
I didn‘t feel like going home l’lCCilllSt‘ lllt'
weather was so pleasant. But httttlL‘llIl“
my legs were carrying the dircctly lionic
In a half hour I was at the door of mi
refrigerator.

Billy and Ricky called momctits niictl



.Sllcct‘hsllll |

 

 

 

“... The fixture had r 13; one sixty watt bulb; the other two had
been burned out. i e fixture reminded me of myself ”

 

 

 

 

got home. I didn‘t want to speak to them.
They asked me who I wanted inthe games
that night. I told them and they said they
wanted to bet. I explained in an angry
tone of voice that I had already bet with
my bookie. They easily persuaded me to
wager to some more money. They said
they would be at the track that night also.
I slammed the receiver down and the
phone shatteredcinto hundreds of pieces.
There was blood all overthe floor because
I had cut my hand. I washed off my hand
but left the phone as it was.

It was about seven o‘clock and I had an
hour to waste. I looked for a new deck of
cards to play solitaire with but couldn‘t
ﬁnd any. I started kicking at the cards
that were already strewn all over the
carpet and lost my senses for a moment in
my rage. Fortunately the doorbell rang.

Cindy walked by me as soon as I
opened the door. At once she began

bubbling about a caraccident she liadjust
seen on the parkway. I was not
concerned. thn she finally calmed
down I asde her what she had done all
day.

“After work I went downtown to look
for another job.“

“What‘s the matter with this one." I
inquired.

“It doesn't pay much and the hours and
work conditions are ridiculous. I don‘t
enjoy it at all."

Nobody ever said work was going to
be pleasant." My tone of voice was
somewhat paternal. I didn‘t understand
how I could possibly say this to anyone. I
hadn't worked a day in my life.

“I wish it was close to pleasant. It‘s
a goddam shithole." She paused for it
moment and then stared at thctelcphonc.
“What happened to your phone this
time?"

Vcry calmly I said. “I smashed it
again."

“Who was on the other end this time‘.’
Albert? Those two morons Billy and
Ricky? You didn‘t break it after you got
off the phone with me. did you?"

I told her it was Billy. She then started
her once a week lecture on the people I
lititig out with. Again she was babbling.
talking so fast that I didn't understand a
single word. The more upset she got the
faster she spoke. I was sitting on the sofa
and felt as if I was melting right into the
upholstery. She knew I wasn‘t listening
but went right on; after a while she was
screaming. I don‘t recall exactly what she
said but I changed from complete
indifference to what she was saying to
total outrage. I lost control ofmyself and
began to curse and yell at the top of my
lungs. She didn't realize what she had
done; she was terriﬁed. I must have

looked like a demon because she was
sweating and shaking. I then burst out
with a little speech of my own.

“You‘ve got a lot of fuckin' nerve
coming here and playing my mother. I‘m
twenty-six years old and by now I can
take care of myself. I'll smash all the
goddamn phones I want to. I can stay
with whoever I want to. and you‘ve got no
fuckin‘ right to try to stop me.”

We were both crying. I realized I was
speaking to her the same way I spoke to
my mother before she died. I began to
panic. I ran to my bedroom andjumpcd
on my bed like a fotir year old. She came
after me and tried to comfort me but I-
sent her away. I was embarrassed. Ididn’t
want to let anyone see me that way. I
could barely put up with my fits myself.
Again l was zit the point where I dreaded
to see anyone. Cindy walked out without
saying a word.

| rcgiiincd my composure after a few
lines ol'cocuinc. It wusuftcrcight. l htid to
be going. I went to the garage to get my
car and the \vliolc time my mind was
blank. I had trouble finding somethingto
think about while I was in the car. There
was absolutely nothing I cared to think
about. I had never experienced anything
like it. lcouldn‘t concentrate on anything.
My driving was completely erratic. I
almost crashed into a barrier on the
Meadowbrook Parkway.

As I approached the truck I saw the
huge sign spinning above the grandstand.
It made mc terribly dizzy. Just looking at
the sign made me sick to my stomach.

I paid my admission and cursed
beneath my breath at the program seller.
Even though he said hello to me each
night I still hated him. I also hated the
escalators. They wcrc transporting me to
my doom. 'l he faces iii the crowd were
hideous. All the eyes I saw were marred
with disgust. Newspapers lined the filthy
floor. Soot and scum hung on the walls.
Just like home. Starcs of terror and
disbclicl'followcd me throughout mytrck
upstairs to the clubhouse. I met no smiles,
only haughty grins of recognition. I
dreaded each step I took. but I had to
keep going.

Every evening at the racetrack was like
a test which I always could not
understand. Finally lurrivcd tit my usual
setit and said hello to some
acquaintances. The third race was about
to start but I didn't have enough time to

bet. I was aggravated because had I
driven normally I would have gotten
there fifteen minutes sooner. Albert had
not yet come as the race began.

scratched out my selections on the front
of the program to see how I would have
done. 'l‘cn seconds after the race ended I

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

lT

 

saw Billy and Ricky jumping up arid
down hysterically..They ran towards me
with such tremendous enthusiasm that I
was afraid to ask them how much they
won. Billy shoved an exacta ticket in my
face that had the numbers six and seven
printed on it. The ticket was for ﬁfty
dollars. I looked down at my program
and there were the numbers seven-six.
six-seven. I brieﬂy attempted to hold
back my anger. then I kicked the seat in
front of me with such forcethat it cracked
in half. Fortunately there was no one
sitting in it. All I remember is the look
Billy had in his eyes —— greed and hatred. I
was repulsed by the entire incident.

Twenty minutes recovery time was not
enough. The next race was about to begin
and l was still unncrvcd. As the window
was about to close I placed my bet forthe
fourth race. I hurried back to my scatsol
would not miss any part of the race. I had
a habit of running back to my seat.
perhaps because I thought less about my
hcls when l was running. I usually dreamt
dttring till the races so I don‘t know why I
hurried.

My horses didti‘t come in and l drifted
into it mild slate of depression. Each rzicc
I lost made me feel more and more
dcjcctcd. Each moment bccamc morctind
more tedious. My mind sailed in and out
of oblivion. Ricky caine over to me with
Albert before the fifth race.

“ H ow ya do‘in‘l“

“Not well. Albert. How are you?“

“Great. We till hit in the third."

I never raised my head the wholctimcl
was speaking with Albert. The
conversation lasted a couple of minutes. I
sensed him staring at me as we spoke. I
felt hitii conccntrating as he lookcd at my
eyes. Suddenly I said. “Be back in a
minute“ and I walked away.

I went to the bathroom and was greeted
by more filth. Coarse faces and wretched
clothing surrounded me. I sniffed up
some cocaine straight from the saltshaker
and felt a gentle explosion in my head. I
wasn‘t ready for the next race but I went
back out anyway.

The fifth race triplc was my favorite
wager. It was much more exciting than
the cxactus and you could win much more
money. You also had to her more. which
was an added stimulus for me. This time |
carefully studied the program. I knew all
the horses. who their owners were, their
best times and all the other pertinent
information. I was still in a terrible mood;
I was shivering and sweating. Usually by
the time I left the racetrack my clothes
were drenched with perspiration. I chose
ilircc horses and bet them in all the
possiblc combinations. The bet cost three
httndrcd and sixty dollars. I had it chance
to win thousands. The numbers of the
horses were six, three. and one. Billy and

Ricky bet on six, three, and five. Albert
refused to bet on triples because t hey were
in his words “Totally unreasonable." He
was right.

Billy and Ricky began mocking me a

little and I pretended to ignore them, I
They Were frustrating me to the point
where I could no longer put up with it. I-
planned on going downstairs after this ;
race. The horses were ready to start and I-
sat up eagerly in my seat; like a baby
waiting for its mother tocome. 'My horses
began in good position and the race still
held my interest after the ﬁrst threeturns.
After the third turn one of the horses
broke. which increased my chances of
winning a great deal. The positions didn't
change much until the backstretch when
my horses occupied three of the ﬁrst ﬁve
places. The eight and seven horses had
fallen far behind and the six horse held
the lead. My face was dripping and I was
breathing very heavily. Billy and Ricky
were standing behind screaming at the
horses and thcir drivers. I wusn‘tjumping
tip and down as they were but I was still
very tense. I drctidcd the outcome so
much that I almost closed my eyes. The
lISl titrti came and l was in excellent
position. I had both the rail and the
outsidc covered and my center horse held
the lead. 'I'licy raced towards thc finish
line and my heart felt its il'it \vcrc bursting
within me. Suddenly the mic horsc
accelerated and it looked as if the driver
of the five horse were holding back. The
five snuck by the one til the line and thcrc
was it photo finish. livcryonc was going
crazy. Billy and Ricky were both yelling
and running buck and forth. Albert went
to the cashier window to collect on his
bet. I waited l'oi‘tlic results oftlic photo to
be flushed on the screen. I was panicking.
I never experienced more terror than
during those two minutes. 'l'lic results
came tip and thc nuinbcrs wcrc six. three.
and five. I fro/c in my seat. I could not
move il muscle, Billy ttnd Ricky run in
front of me and thrust their winning ticket
in my fttcc. l litid htid enough.

'I licir cycs prciichcd horror to me and I
lcll that they had to bc stoppcd. The ticket
they shoved III my face felt like the sun
slaughtering inc unmcrcifully. lpickcd up
a piccc of the scat I had broken and
smacked both of them across the face. I
continued to beat them and blood
smattcred cvcrywhcrc. As their eyes
disuppettrcd from my sight I slowed the
rate at which I hit them; in a few seconds
I stopped completely. I had butchered
them enough to assuage my anger. The
blood stained weapon fell from my grip as
I stared at them. All I could do was stare
at them for what felt like an eternity. The
police came and led me away frotn the
filth that l liadjust added to.

Now I sit, shackled by my actions.
contemplating my next set of crimes.
Prison weaves tnorc of my disease into
me; perhaps I will becomctotally rcvoltcd
with myself and then be cured. This
concrete and steel which composes my
present environment is like a prism. it
helps me see things in different ways: I
once said everything as a gambler. Prison
permits me to hide from the horror in
their eyes.

 

SEPTEMB R 9.197%

ALBANY STUDENT pause. a.

 

 

 

 

 

