 

 

l

    

............ l- .j _ I .
ime'of Our Time

WWM

According to the Mad Hatter in Alice's
Adventures In Wonderland it is very
important to keep on good terms with
Time, regarded by the Hatter asa person.
Otherwise. eitplained the Hatter, you may
ﬁnd yourself with a variety of problems,
such as having to attend class when you
would prefer doing something else.
Probably, after having spent so much
time at SUNYA. you understand the
Hatter‘s message very well.

The Mad Hatter is not the only one
Who personiﬁes abstractions. Just think
of our ﬁgure of FatherTime, who appears
regularly at New Year‘s parties and on
some other occasions. And what of his
origins? In Greek mythology the father of
the supreme god. Zeus. was Cronus.
Because of the similarity of his name to
the Greek word for time. chronos (cf.
English chronology). he came to be
thought of as time personiﬁed. an idea
which nicely explains the myth of Cronus
devouring his own children.

What does time not devoui’l Our
conception of Father Time owes much to
the later identiﬁcation of Greek Cronus
with Roman Saturn. an agricultural
deity. The scythe as his attribute ismost
appropriate. The flight of time is noticed
especially in the change of seasons. Called
Home by the Greeks. the seasons Were
considered goddesses and represented as
lovely young maidens. The term horae
among both the Greeks and the Romans
designated also the divisions of the day.
or the hours. The hours in the Classical
age. however. did not correspond exactly
to the hours with which we are familiar.

  

   

 

 
   

The T

The Gemini Jazz Cafe

presents

Dinner
served from
6:00 pm. - 11:00 pm.

 

 

since more attention was paid to the

I extent of periods of light and darkness

and, as a consequence. the length of
individual hours varied according to the
season of the year. In the French word for
clock, harloge. this role of the Horse can
be clearly seen.

Calendars were developed in both
Greece and Rome to record religious
festivals and for the benefit of farmers.
who needed information concerning
times for planting, harvesting, and other
such activities. But as these calendars
were based upon a lunar rather than a
solar year. they were often not in accord
with the actual seaons. and may have
been of little practical value to the farmer.
It was Julius Caesar who had constructed
the calendar which. with slight later
alterations. is still in use today.

For determining the hours of the day
both the sundial and the water clock
(clepsydra) were employed. The emperor

Augustus erected a magnificent sundial in '

the Campus Martius in Rome. using for

    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 

:-

the needle an obelisk brought from
Heliopolis in Egypt. This obelisk is
presently standing in Rome, not where
originally placed by Augustus. but in the
Piazza di Montecitorio. The ﬁrst
trustworthy clepsydra, a device for
measuring time by regulating the flow of
water from one vessel into another. was
produced in Alexandria by Ctesibulus. c.
270 B.C. In the law courts in Rome these
water clocks were used to measure the
time allotted to lawyers for pleadingtbeir
cases. Perhaps for our own generation the
most renowned timepiece of antiquity is
the Tower of the Winds in Athens. This
toWer. which is still extant. though no
longer functional. is an octagonal
building. with a representation of a
personified wind on each face; the faces
served as sundials. while a clepsydra was
located within the tower.

So now that you have acquired a little
information about Time. you may be
ready to agree that Time is a person or
possibly a god. and grant him. not it.

THE

NICK BRIGNOLA

QUARTET

  

373 Madison Ave.

Come to the Grand Opening of our Second Floor!!

  

(corner Madison & Dove)

  

open ‘til 8:00 am.

11:00 pm. -?

 

Athena‘ Tower at the Winds hat a
representation at the personllled
winds on each ot its eight laces.

more respect. If you follow the rubric of
the Mad Hatter and ll'ltlllllitln good
relations with time. you will Iind yourself
handing in fewer terms piipcu ltilL' llnti
being unprc pared loi
examinations.

lcwcr

  
   
      
       
   
    

Music
from

 
       

 

PAGE 2A

Assam sTubEiii‘r'Pn’Ess' '

DECEMBER 9. 197

   
     

 

  

 

By JODY WILNER
When naming the most enjoyable
albums of the year. it would be a mistake

(to exclude Rory Block‘s Intoxication.

The album. a combination of many
diverse talents and styles. should appeal
to every one. The case with which Rory
can belt out a fast-paced disco-like.
number or a slow. driving rhythm and
blues song is an indication of her vocal
ability. .' would be unfair to place the
album in a single category of music. as
there are too manyaspects to appreciate.

On a first listening, numerous
analogies to favorite singers can be made;
however. after becoming more
acquainted with the album. one
rccognircs it unique style.

In an intcrvicw at ther home in (ibcnt. a
suburb of Albany. Rory commented on
the tendency to make these comparisons.

"l have bccn compared to Diana Ross,
Dionnc Warwick. Natalie ('ilc. Arcthti
liriinklin. Linda Rondstadt. Bonnie
Raitt...it's endless. l was even oiicc
compared to Barbra Streisand. People
always comparc me to somebody. which
docsn't bother me. At first. I thought.
'why lll'L‘ thcydoiiig tliis.‘ btit immediately
I bcgun to rctili/c it's finc to bc coinpiircd
to other pcoplc. It‘s a basis for
idcntil'iciition. somehow.”

Rory is secure enough about her
musical 51ch to iicccpt tlicsc coiiipiirisons
as complimentary. llo\\c\cl‘. it hasn't
always been that way.

“l'lici'c‘s ii point til “llicii you start
bclicvmg in yourself mid stop looking to
other pcoplc to cclio your imiigc to find
out who you tire.“

the Usual background ol musicians
\\ ho siidd'cnly tlppclll' in thc limelight is u
long. hard slrugglc to miikc ll to their
I‘ii‘L‘hL'lll stuiurc. Rory lilock Is no
exception. Shc can bc considered
somewhat ol it child prodigy. litivitig cut
licr first album I/Uli‘ To Play Blunt
(iiiilur til lo.

“l was sort oi considcrcd tin cxpcrt
buck llicii tlllLi ldon‘t rciilly ploy hlticslikc
liiscd to. l was better than I am Ilti\\.\ol
can look back \yithont being too \tllll llllti
szi)‘ I really \\'llb iiii cxpcrt ilicn."

llic riiiigc ol music inlliicncing Rot‘)’
L'llll IlCl'lliips thCtllllll tor licr L'\PL'III\L‘.
Slic's bccn cxposcd to music all ilL'l illL’.
“llil licr Iiithcr. Aiilll lllock. .ind
uccomphslicd country Iiddlcr. mid ilL‘l
mother. ii loinicr lolk singci.

“My ciiilicxl musiciil background |\
cl;isxiciil.Wlicn l was about eight )’Clll'\
old. I plziycd Iccoidci and lilL'll pliiictl
t Inssiciil guitar which I \llltIlL'tI l‘L'ltli) liziid
loi two wars, llicii l \Itti'ictl pliiyinglolk
music wlicn l was icn, l‘rom thcrcl \ictll
on to bittcs My |.itlici bcgiin to play
country liddlc :iiid hc Iltlti the pin) buck-
iip guitair with him when l wusziround | I.
which this it l'liil«picking sllyc ol l'llllli.
uliitc. Soullicrn music from thc ‘ZUK .iiid
‘ltl‘s. Wc hlill’lL‘tl going to lolk IL'hllHliN.
clubs illlti parties and l rctilly htltl'lcti
|c.irniiig how to sit ilicr rind play and
pcrlorm. It was grciit cxpci‘icncc.

"It's interesting to notice lilill lirst l
on.» into \tliiic southern llltlllllllllll music
uiid lilt.‘ll | “in. iiito bliick soutliciu ruiul
music. llicii wlicn l was about ll. |
stiiitcd playing blttck blocs and rcully got
into that,"

[low Iii l’liii' (i'uilur Ibtlll instructional
album which ctiliiiiniitcd Roi y‘scttoits lll
blucs, Although she “as responsiqu lot
more than hull of thc tilbtim. doc to
various complications. licr t'tilllllhillltill
wasn‘t gchn sufficient rccogntiion. She
went under the pseudonym Sunshine
Kiiic

 

 

Shortly itiIL'f- that. Rory stopped
DECEMBER 9, 1977

playing music. dedicating herself to be a

for marriage have changed.

didn‘t make me happy.

“If I had a choice between it career and
hcing with nobody. and being with
somconc and no carccr. I would choose to
have lovc and a family. lwouldn‘t want to
livc it btirrcn Iifcjust to succeed. But i liat‘s
so hypothetical; the fact is that I‘d rather
have both.“

During the time she stopped playing.
Rory had no intentions of rcturningto the
music scene. She was listcningto Motown
and absorbing black styles simply for
plciisurc. l’rcviously, the thought of
singing blues had iicvcr cntcrcd her mind
because she lclt that sincc she didn‘t
invent thiit style of music. she had no right
to play it.

“I lclt pcoplc wouldn‘t accept nic doing
blocs: they would think. "Hey, you‘re
while and that's somconc clsc‘s Iorin of
music.”

llic impcltis lilill propcllcd Rory back
into music was the rciiliriition i but she was
morc iidcpt lilllll iiiusicnins shc liciird on
the radio.

“1 would listen to thc radio. and I‘d go.
‘(iod. I can do tliul.‘ and l pould tccl
_|t.'il|iiil.\. lt ciidcd tip that l tlioiighi [could
do that Inst its \\t.'II. so I suid. 'Wcll.tlicnl
Illsl bcttci start doing it."‘

liti\\t.'\L‘l'. it wasn‘t that cosy. llic
hiatus iiol only mudc licr unhappy. but
dtillcd licr mcmor) as wcll.

"I irsl | stilrtcd doingblucxiiud I hadn‘t
donc ll ill so long that I didn't fch
comlortiiblc out he guitar iinymorc. I
it and it “sis ii terribly
l hiid to miikc

\iil‘l'\c Iosl
iiustriitiiig cxpcricncc.
myscll rc—lciiru things.“ lii‘cnttiiilly. she
stiiitcd playing small gigs and concerts.
T‘iilt.‘ rctziiiicd licr iindcrgrotindtollowing
bclorc. which hclpcd. but in u sciisc. it was
likcstiirlmgullo\cr,

“It‘s so sccd\ \\ilt.'ll yon'rc hlltl'llllgllii in
tlic music businessl vcryonc sziys.‘l know
.I guy who". .i prodticcr \iilt) uoiks til it

onipzin) and lick dying to inch you.‘
I \iid you li;i\c to go in sonic criin .llsl
I Iooi ol \tilllL‘ dingy building and you
I il:t\i‘ to \II ill lroiit ol sonic ciccpy guy.
lulio‘s .Ii\\ll_\\ going to lcll you yoii‘rc not
I good. You crin't pull oil an audition and
I IlitYL‘ someonc ruvc about you bccausc
I thc) lo\c to put you down. bccuusc you‘re
auditioning. You L'lll\\‘i Ill and out oI thcsc
I olliccs and you tiy to bring your lilIL'l‘Il
I and bc Lillliltit'lll and llicii you gcilhcrc
Irind you shrink illlti you die."

lliitiiig gonc tliiough years of
tlitit. Rory rc.ili/cd that she would llC\‘Cl'
luitc iim iccognitioii unless she began to
Iwiitc lici thHl Illtthi'ltti. chcr having
l \tiitlcii bclorc. lillh wasnotuiidciisytiisk.
I “l siit down like it homework
:iissigninciit With my l)’[l'.‘\\'l‘lllt:l'. having
I nc\ci tliotiglit that I could ever write it
I song, illltl wasn‘t lll_\ field. My licld was
Iiiiutiiiing uotc loi notc. \cl')‘ skilllully.
loini o1 music;

Isoinconc clsc‘s
ltIitt'iIiicling ll. btii nctct Willing ll. 1
I didn't think I could lnoidlc it. but :is I slit

wniiug. ll started

ldotiii ltllti slaiili'd
I coining "

 

“ You crawl in and out ofthese offices and you»
try to bring your talent and be conﬁdent and

then . you get there and you shrink and you die.”

good wife. Herviews on giving upttcarcer I Rory‘s confirlsnce. However. not

“It‘s not my nature to bejtist married. I music business couldn‘t relate to her
Someone else could do it; 1 won't criticize I style. At first. she felt this was an affront
them. but it's not enough for me and it I to her individuality. but eventually shc

'nsins While: moxie

Encouragement from friends boosted

 

adapting to commercial format. the

backed down and tried to adapt to a
commercial format.

“I‘m happy with that now. I will not I
compromise something ifl don‘t think it's I
good. lint what I started doingis reaching I
into my background appreciation for I
things like Motown and it became a I
comfortable vehicle to write music
witli."'l'hc task for a record deal goes right I
back to the sccdy offices and sccdy I
people. There are continual
disappointments. You‘re always getting |
offch and leads and they invariablydon't I
conic through. l think it takes a certain
amount of experience of just lcarningI
how to survive in light of wretched odds. I
It takes bcing ptit down to learn how to
ingnor it."

Her first break was on an album entitled |
Rory Bloc/ton RCA. which by all I
standards was ovcrproduced. containing I
too iiiticli instrumentation and not I
cnough Rory. Despite this. it did well. I
bccoming number lil‘for nationwide FM I
airplay. l

I s. . .. . . I

Because people are more Willing to lind I
flaws in onc's work than offer praise, I
Rory lctirncd to really iippi‘cciiitc positive I
lccdbiick. :

“With till the criticism that people I
lrcclotid when you're starting out. it's thc l
complimcnts that make you grow. To get I
rcvicwcd in the Village Voice tirade me I
know I was in thc music business. When I
that came through the way it made me I
lccl was indcscribubly great. 'l‘hcsc types I
ol rcvicwsbiiiltlyourcont'idcncctotally.“ |

I'm Ill IJII’t' was her next album. which I
was done out be small llluc (ioosc labcl :
and therefore had extremely limited I
distribution. Shc originally did it as u go— I
bctwccn bcloi’c finding it major label to :
i'ccord on . and “as iidviscd to keep hcr I
name out Ill tlic cyc ol the public. I

"Wc mudc Inill’ bliics rind hull original, I
It was much less produced that the last I
iilbtiin because we had so Iittlc money to |

I
I
l
I
|
|
|
l
l
I
l
I
|
l
|
|
l
|
I
|
|
l
I
I
I
|
|
|
|
|
I
|
|
l
I

work Willi. Wc did the wholc itiblllll in
two tilt)’h Iitll. All the vocals were first-
tinic through. iIlCl'Ctll'L' no special cffccts.
no strings. no horns... we could chcr
:itloid that."

In light ol thcsc druwhucks. Rory was
surprised at how well the album did.
Asidc lrom producing the album herself.
she look the illltllllch to gct involved iii
sell-promotion. I’M dcciuys pride
themselves in playing the music that they
want to play. not tlic music tlicy‘rc
pi'csstii'cd to play by t’ccord companies.

“I sliirtcd writing letters to radio
stations and I started getting rcspoiiscsl
wroti.‘ ll letter to WNl‘IW—I'M in New
York (‘in and tokd them this long
humblc story about the album and I
hoped that tIicy would listcn to it... tlllti
listen they did."

This approach Worked as soon as one
tlcejtiy began playing the album. others
followed. So she tried the sonic procedure
witthlCN-I‘M in Iloston.

“I told them till about the album. I
never was pushy; I never stiid.'You‘vc

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

z: I dun: ‘!'l‘ '

Iii-x

It. ii'lA

  

nor to- play: my ,albtim.‘ .1 just said,
‘Please listen to it and see, and if you like
it, it would be lovely if you'd playit.‘ They
started playing it quite a bit. and l‘ealled

them. That‘s what you do; you call up
deejays who are playing you and thank

    

‘them. You don't have to do that, but if

you do it you ﬁnd that they really like to
hear from you. We written letters to
certain reviewers, thanking them because
I’m actually moved by their review; it
means that much to me.“

The deejays appreciated the simplicity
of the album. In addition to the exposure
gained from I'm In Love,it also landed
Rory a deal with Chrusalis. a company
that takes pride in thier artists retianing
their individuality and ability to grow.
Rory was allowed to co-produce
Intoxication which is a provolege for an
artist who has yet to have an album come
out on their label.

“That‘s what I wanted; that was my
idea of success: a great label so I could
record. I just wanted to make records and
play. That was my goal up to a certain
point. Now that We attained that goal.
now I feel. well...maybe. a little bitmore.
Now that l have a good manager and an
upcoming tour. I'm saying, ‘Well. I‘ll see
if I can get somewhere else with it.‘

“There Wits a while that I totally wrote
off the whole idea of succeeding. but now
that l‘vc attained this I‘m into the feeling
that. ‘llcy. it‘s not so bad to siiythat you
want succcss.‘ I'm just starting to get to
the point whcrc I say. ‘Surc. I want to
writc something commercial; I want my
chance to do wcll.‘ "

'l'hc difficulties encountered in being a
female .iusician in the music busincks are
contingent upon the scarcity of women in
thc busincss aspect of music.

“It is tough because there aren‘t any
Women businesspeople; thcy'rc only
sccrcturics. Some are getting iip therein
the company but it‘s it slow process and
you don‘t really find companies owned by
women; producers are not wotncn. That
makes it tough because it sex-role thing
docs enter into male producers wanting
me to do things their way. They have
more ol it tcndcncy to shape you and
mold you and make you look the way
they find it pleasing. You are subject to it
ccrtuin amount of male concepts. because
thcy‘rc in control; they have thc money
and thc powur to sign you or not. 'I hercis
prcssui‘c to plciisc the people who arc
going to sign you."

llic vuricty of influences that go into
making an album force one to
compromise somewhat. in relation tothc
production of the album and the album
coycn

“It's what I do. but it isn‘t till of whatl
do. It I just did music and counted oti
music. I would be hold. I would‘ve pulled
out every hair on my head. and be totally
insane. ’lhat's why I like having other
things. l'lici'c are times where there is so
much tension. and you're so agitated. if
you can go and think about other things
and say ‘Scrcw it all. I'm not even goingio
tiikc thc phoiic calls iodtiy.‘ Tiltil'h’ howl
survive."

Rory hopes to arrange ll performance
in Albany. which may come up in the near
luturc. For those ofyou who need it brcuk
bcfoi'c finals week. she will be opciiingfor
the l’our Iops iii the llottom Linc in
Munuhtittun. Dec. l6 and I7. Others who
can‘t make it should most certainly pick
up Rory's most recent album.
lliltLi‘lt'dllUll. which shows here musical
dcvalopmcnt and indicutcs how much
more she is capable of producing. You
will not be disappointed.

PAGE 3A

.‘iii  ll .

     

