       

 
  

 
 
 
 

 

  

     

-. w. man. 39*  heAV‘.

     
        
       
   
    
 
    
  
  
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
   
          
      
    

 

 

 

  

  

         
  

 

i

 

 

SOCIAI: JUSTICE ‘

.working to reform the marijuana laws. The goal:

marijuana. Possession of such amounts would become
the equivalent of a trafﬁc violation. Governor Carey
has already endorsed this proposal, as haVe Assembly
leaders. The decision now rests withthe State Senate.

Tenants’ Rights: This year, NYPIRG students in
Albany have joined the fight for tenants' rights. Our
long term goal is to voice the concern of off-campus
students and indigents in Albany's Common Council.
NYPIRG is part of a growing coalition whose object is
to fight city hall for better enforcement of the Albany
housing code, and to educate tenants about procedures
to take in order to get action from their landlords.
Students are now gathering data to be used in the
struggle, and will release their results in six weeks.

Abortion Study: Male urine specimens were taken
to two abortion clinics in New York City by NYPIRG
students. Three of the clinics tOId the women who
brought these specimens that they were pregnant and
should make arrangments for abortions.

Rediining: A‘ NYPIRG study released mid-
December demonstrated a systematic drain of
mortgage money from Brooklyn by Brooklyn savings
banks. This “redlining”. which results in the
acceleration ol‘the deterioration of New York City, is
also believed tO be occurring in upstate cities. This
study is presently being conducted in Albany and in
Buffalo.

NYPIRG currently has a nine piece legislative

redlining ban that will require savings banks to reinvest
a specific percentage ofits funds in the neighborhoods
served by those banks.
Children's Justice Project: “Human Warehouses“ is
the term used to describe many of the orphanages and
institutions for care of children supported by tax
dollars. Inadequate education and health care
programs, excessive use of drugs to control the
children, and exhorbitant costs to taxpayers
characterize many of these institutions. NYPIRG
students across the state are investigating these
practices in New York.

CONSUMER PRO I‘ECTION

_ Truth in Testing: Students whose careers are
dependent on the results of machine correctable
examinations such as SATs, LSATs and MCATs have
a right to know the signiﬁcance of these tests. NYPIRG
is lobbying for legislative hearings on standardized
testing and has introduced legislation which would
require public recording of test validity data, notice to
test-takers of the purpose and use of test scores and
disclosure of test results with the authorization of the
test-taker only.

TRUCCORP. The Residential Utility Consumer
Corporation (TRUCCORP) is a publicly created
private body, established to ﬁght for lower rates and
better service for residential utility customers.
TRUCCORP would be ﬁnanced by voluntary
contributions from utility users and the contributors

 

Ed. note: This article was compiled by members of

 

Marijuangt For the second year in a row, NYPIRG
has the only full-time lobbyist in New York State

decriminalization of possession of up to two ounces of

 

would elect the board -_of directors. Last year ,
‘TRUCCORP received recOgrtition iii-the’Asse'tnbly. It
is believed to have widespread supplirt this year;
Generic Prescribing. This NYPIRG legislative
proposal would require physicians to prescribe drugs
by generic name instead of brand name. This is both a
safety measure andga way to save New Yorkers millions
ofrdollars annually. . '

POLITICAL REFORM

Constitutional Convention: This year the question
of whether or not to hold a constitutional convention/
in New York will be on the November ballot. Although

_New York's constitution is archaic and unwieldly, the
last constitutional convention held in this state was
characterized by partisanship and patronage.
NYPIRG wants to assure that environmental and
, consumer groups and all citizens have an opportunity
for input if a convention is held. Toward this end,
NYPIRG is introducing a series of proposals to curb
abuses in New York‘s Consitutional Convention
process. NYPIRG is also co-sponsoring a “Citizen‘s
Forum on ConCon" to be held March 5 in Albany.
Freedom of Information: Unfortunately New
York‘s Freedom of Information (FOI) Law has yet to
be honored by government officials today. NYPIRG
attorneys were recently forced to sue the state to gain
access to budget information clearly provided for in

 

     

'«t‘
M‘vt‘:
du ..\b‘ t
.J“ I, gut’u‘i,‘ 
gr ug‘tot'ﬂ‘t“‘-"lﬂ.t

m at MAW!“ ‘J

. -o|- \I~ u. w i .
a“ I” AM . .r"
can. ulégts «for

 

 

 

the Freedom of Information Law. Currently
NYPIRG students all over the state are making
requests to officials to determine whether or not they
are honoring the law. NYPIRG has also redrafted the
current law to mﬂte it more consistent with the spirit of
Open government. (For more information see
NYPIRG's “Your Right to Know" handbook on how
to use the FOI Law).

' Open Meetings: NYPIRG has just released a
citizen's handbook on how to use the New York Open
Meetings Law to gain' access to the government.
decision-making process. The booklet “Your Right to
Go" is available at the NYPIRG office.

Conﬂicts of Interest: For years legislators and
governors have agreed with NYPIRG that the law
which sets guidelines of conduct for elected officials
and 'which seeks to protect the public from misdealing
by its officials is on the contrary, outmoded and
obsolete. Unfortunately, they've so far refused to take
action on the problem. NYPIRG has proposed a broad
and specific statute to curb conflicts of interest amon
public ofﬁcials with disclosure as the key element. 8

SAFE ENERGY

NYPIRG's approach to our ener '
gy problems i
based on common sense and a new. technology. I: (if;
threefold program which emphasizes conservation ‘
alternate sources. and nuclear responsibllit '

W IObbyists, and a group of student researchers studying

. at nymRG's Energy School in Rachael Carson
College of ,SUNY'Buffalo. -

Conservation: Conservation means doing the same
job with less energy. This“ is the easiest solution to our
energy shortage, for more than half of the energy
consumed in the United States is wasted.

NYPIRG‘s Home” Insulation program would
' require utility companies to provide non-interest loans

of up to $500 and low-interest loans of up to $2000to
allow citizens to insulate their homes. In a telegram to
Governor Carey last week urging a crash hotne
insulation program'in New York, NYPIRG stressed
that basic insulation would cost the .ucrttgc
homeowner five dollars per'month with a fuel sin mu or
$20 to $80 per month. With over 200,000 No“ riot
homes without adequate insulation, such .t t’lztslt
program may alleviate New York‘s currcnt gitwjthlh.

In May, NYPIRG will becomcthc first .ttt/un‘»
group to participate in the Public ‘~\i\|t‘t‘
Commission’s [49-h Hearings. These annqu llk.ll lnizs
are conducted to project New York's encrgt ilt'tllNln
future years. As expected. power utilities coniutunllt
predict and encourage rapid growth in unmgi
consumption and generation, with no one considering
the potential savings in conservation and hm cost

encrgy._This year NYPIRG will make certain that the
Public Service Commission considers these
alternatives.

Lifeline: At the present time, the more clcctttcttt 21
residential consumer uses, the lower the cost cltttrgcd
for'each kilowatt hour. NYPIRG's proposed lllcllllc
reform would set a fixed price for the first \CHJTIIl
hundred kilowatt hours of electricity used per month.
thereby providing a conservation incentitc and
ensuring low income families a necessary amount ul
energy to be comfortable.

Alternate Energy Sources: Technology mm L‘\l\l.§
which makes energy sources other than fossil lllt‘|\ and
nuclear energy feasible. NYPIRG has ptupmcd
legislation which would encourage installation ill whit
and wind powered energy-generating dcttm ht
exempting them from property tax.

Nuclear Responsibility: New Yorkers are lilLL‘tl it ith
the extremely important decision of whether llIL‘ mile

should become dependent Oit nuclear pout-t lttl |l\
electricity. This decision is crucial because lllltlt‘dl
power poses grave risks to the environment .lllil the

economy. NYPIRG's Nuclear Responsibiliit \tl
would require careful examination ofthcsc risk» ltt'lnlt‘
additional plants are built. The State Siting lithtul
would be required to find that a proposed truth-tit
power plant has successfully tested emergency 5} \lctIIN.
has demonstrated procedures and facilities for disposal
and reprocessing of radioactive wastes; has an Il\\lllL'Ll
supply of uranium fuel, has agreed to ltilxc lull
responsibility for damages to life and property limit J
nuclear accident; and has an effective plun lot
evacuation of area residents in case of an aicctdcninl
release of radioactivity.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

STUDENT VOTING RIGHTS

New York State‘Voter Registration Drive: NYPIRG

and SASU registered over 100,000 students in New

York. for‘the November I976 presidential election. In
the prOcess,"many students were disenfranchised by
notlhavingﬁtheir registration honored and by not
receiving‘their absentee ballots in time to cast a vote.
This led NYPIRG to seek the following reforms:

I Absentee Ballot Litigation: NYPIRG believes that
approximately 2000 student absentee ballots were riot
counted. NYPIRG sued in Federal court to have the
ballots counted. The case was lost but is being
appealed. -

Repeal ofArtic/e 158 oft/re Election Law: This rule
prohibits New York State students from voting where
they attend college. New York is one of the few states
that disenfranchiscs students from their residence in
this way. Together, a Syracuse University Law
Professor and a NYPIRG law student filed suit under
this article in October. The State Supreme Court
allowed the plaintiffs to register but refused to
overturn Article 158. However, good grounds have
been established for a future appeal that should reform
this statute.

Registration of College Students: As last fall's voter
registration drivc demonstrated. low voter
participation is often the result of the difficulties
involved in registering. NYPIRG is proposing
legislation that establishes easy voter registration in
colleges and universities during registration for
courses.

WHAT IS NYPIRG?

The New York Public Interest Research Group, Inc.
(NY PIRG) is a student funded, student run, nonproﬁt.
non—partisan corporation, created to bridge the gap
between an unaccountable, problematic society. and
the needs and desires of its people. NYPIRG presently
operates on a budget of about $450,000 a year out of
nine offices in the state. These offices are staffed by 25
full-time lawyers. scientists, researchers and hundreds
of student volunteers. The University at Albany has
contriubted $32,000 a year to NYPIRG. This was
determined by the student body in 1975 by a two year
binding referendum. It passed by ti seven to one
margin. NYPIRG students are now preparing to bring
another referendum to the students to determine
whether or not funding should continue.

Statewide Cort/brunet): On February I2, NYPIRG
will be holding its fourth annual Spring Statewide
Conference at SUNY Albany's solar paneled Alumni
House. Workshops on various public interest
programs will be given along witth keynote address by
Ralph Nader's lobbyist Joan Claibrook. Registration
for the Conference can be made at the NYPIRG Office
in CC 308.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

'STUDENT INVOLVEMENT IN NYPIRG

Student activism in the last decade was both
sporadic and shortlived. However, it proved to be a
powerful force, as illustrated by the student
involvement in the anti—Vietnam demonstrations.
NYPIRG has harnessed this force and effectively
directed it into areas where it can have the greatest
impact. A'professional staff has been added to not only

coordinate and provide guidance, but to supply the

continuity that was lacking in the sixties. The result:
student activism of the seventies has added the
dimension of sophistication to its work. NYPIRG's
efforts in the areas of legislation, in litigation, and in
the publication of various studies, has proven to be
effective in advancing its goals of social reform. Onlya
competent, hard-working staff could have turned this
dream of student activism into a reality.

To put this into proper perspective, however, it must
be remembered that at the very core of NYPIRG is the
student activist. Students provide the time, research,
and field work, without which NYPIRG could never
have achieved what it already has. NYPIRG‘s Board of
Directors consists solely of students. Student ideas and

involvement are an integral part of NYPIRG‘s policy

decisions.
NYPIRG‘s internship program helps to provide the

student with the knowledge and experience essential to .

building citizen activism. Spring, summer and fall
internships consist of work in the areas of legislation,
research and safe energy. Applications are accepted
towards the end of each semester.

Anyone interested iit finding out more about
NYI’IRG or in contributing to NYPIRG’s work
should come to CC 308 or call 457-2446.

SOCIAL CHANGE THROUGH NYPIRG

NYPIRG‘s basic goal is to improve the quality of life
for all people. Why must this be a burden borne by
college students? Why not simply ignore the ugliness of
the world and insulate ourselves with movies, parties
and athletics?

There are two reasons. First. colleges and
universities have always had as one stated purpose the
improvement of society through research. knowledge
and education. The student activism of NYPIRG
across the country takes this concern about social
problems and translates them into constructive reform
activity. Therefore people who want to improve the
quality of life can shed the fantasy world of college and
make a real contribution.

,

face the very problems‘thaf NYPIRG is currently
trying to solve. Why not start now to do something
about these problems which might plague us all our
lives? “

Each of us goes to college in order to prepare for a
mOre comfortable, prosperous future. Our yearly
contributions of $4 per person to NYI’IRG also work
towards this end.

ENVIRONMENTAL PRESERVATION

Hudson River Drinking Water: PCB‘s are all that
the State Department of Environmental Conservation
have told us are intthe Hudson River. NYPIRG
biochemists have sampled the Hudson and have found

 

 

 

Etc—11d
many other carcinogens in this water. This river
presently serves l50.000 people for drinking and is
being considered as the chief water supply for all of
New York City. This report will he released next
month.

Return to returnables: This NYPIRG effort is to
prevent litter, save energy, re-use scarce resources and
ultimately save in consumer costs by returning all
beverages to returnable containers. NYPIRG's three-
pronged attack against the ecological travesty of non-

 

returnables calls for: (I) a ban of such bevetale'

containers from‘ all soda machines on this campus. (2)
coun‘ty-by-county return to returnables. and (3)
mandatory beverage deposit legislation in the state

 

   
 

 

 

 

- . 3" Amom; The second reason why NYPIRG must be funded by
 SUN YA chapter of the New York Public Interest NYPIRG s team of emrgyspcomuu m a nuclear college student, 3‘. more fundamental. Each of us will legislature. Four states presently hﬂVe Mich mcﬂum:
. “new” G’aup' phymm' 3" “mm” “P‘mullnl inqmrayissuu, two be an integral member of society inafew years and will Vermont. Oregon, Michigan and Maine. '
L -
m“ ' 9mm PRIDE, * mm 3mm PRESS

PAGE 4A

 

 

. Prion“ '

 
 
   
      
    
    
    
       
    
     

 
 
 
 

 5.3.1 ,

  

L‘s,

. _ 31c; aTL}

 

 

 

b

I
t
1
I

