 

 

 

 

 

INTRODUCTION

.The legal, services of the Student
Aaaoclation of the State University of New
Yorlr at Albany has been developed to
provide: 3 -.  .

_0legalv consultation. v advice and
representation for Student Association tax
paying students“ , ‘

~0legal‘rconsultation. advice and
» representation for Student Association and its

affiliated groups." _ -‘

'a'rii‘educationui component to “demystify
the law” and to provide students with a greater
understanding of individqu legal rights.

0a “proactive” element which will research.
develop and take rippropriatc action on issues
of particular relevance iouniversitystudcnts.

The cost of this program will be
approximately Sl5.tltl0.tltl for the first year. It
is the intentioti of' the trisk force that tltis
program proposal act as a pilot model for the
future expansion and development of student
legal services. fly no means is this proposal an
end; it is only the beginning. Additional
resources and student involvement is essential
for growth. u

The committee proposes three functioning
parts: the professional attorneys. the Off
Campus Asstieiation paralegal advisors and
student interns.

PROFESSIONAL ATTORNEYS
l. Full-Time Attorney

A full-time iii-house lawyer is ncces‘nry in
order to meet the students' legal needs. The
three basic areas of responsibility of" our in-
housc cotinsel will be: consultation and
advice: an educational component; and
"proactive" involvemertt. An office on campus
and thnty-four hour telephone availability
will make the students‘ lawyer much more
accessible.

a. In the past. we have hrid a law firm
available for consultation and advice for only
one night a week for two hours. We will now
be able to offer daily consultation utid advice
for at .least four hours a day from an on
campus office. Sitiderits should be encouraged
to seek otit the advice of the Student
Association lawyer on any legal problem
connected witlt their academic or personal
lives.

Many problems confronting students
concern their daily battles with the university
administration llic S.A. lawyer should
familiarile himself with the SUNYA
administration and aid students in correcting
any problems with the administration that
may arise. the presence ofa full-time counsel
with immediate availability will be an
important factor in cnsuringthat students are
accorded due process in their confrontations
with the school‘s administration.

b. Consultation and advice. although
necessary. is not sufficient. ()iir ability to
educate students of their legal rights was not
being utilized. At a university. education
should extend beyond the classroom. We now
have the opportunity to offer a learning
experience that itr live long rttn will decrease
the need for individual consultation and
advice. and will increase st itdcnt awareness of
their legal rights and the processes oftliclaw.

To this crtd. the in-house lawyer will be
required to coordinate and prepare a series of
publications and Workshops focusing on
problems of fundamental concern to st tidcnt s.
The workshop topic and publication material
should coincide. Some suggested topics are:
students' rights tti decent on and off campus
housing. consumer protection. st udcnts‘ rights
in it university setting and financial
emancipation. Local community and political
leaders. in addition to SUNYA staff, can be
asked to participate in these presentations and
information sessions.

To increase student awareness of legal
services. the iii-house lawyer will write a bi-
weekly column for the Albany Student Press.
Other suggested avenues to increase student

awareness are through Viewpoints. Student
Association and Off Campus Association
ncwxielters. Albany Student Press ads.
posters. Central Council. Senate. Residence.
and monthly Wt'ltli-PM “phone-in” of legal
problems.

c. lti recognition of the fact that student
legal problems may transcend individual

OCTOBER 21. 1977

concerns. it “proactive” component will be
part of the Student Association's legal services
program This “proactive” element will be the
responsibility of the in-hoase lawyer.

The “proactive” component is one of the
most important'aspccts of a legal services
program offered by a student government
since Student Association has the abilityas an
organiration representative of students. to
identify problems whichaffect students as a
group and then take legal action on behalf of
me group or class affected. "Proactive" work
may involve actions which are relatively
simple. such as a letter or phone call on behalf
of the Association to those which are more
involved. such as obtaining court orders
enforcing a law or barring certain illegal
actions. Proactive work may also be much
more extensive and irtvolvc class suits or the
introduction of legislation on behalf of
students; this work may often involve working
with other campuses and/or organizations
(like SASU or NYl’IRti). Tilt: Studcrtt
Association lawyer will be the leading force
behind the development of class action suits
and declaratory judgement actions
challenging the infringement of the
constitutioniil rights of students. The types of
issues a proactive component would deal with
include:

0cbtinging or challenging laws which
prohibit students front voting in their college
communities.

‘cnl'orccmcnt of city housing codes.

'challcnging actions of state agencies
(including the university) on matters related
to: the imposition of certain fees (such as the
Health fee): the Freedom of information Act'.
affirmative action: financial aid: student
contracts (such as the on campus housing
contract); the “Sunshine Law“ which
mandates that all meeting of state public
bodies be open to the public; activity fee
guidelines; other matters which are ofconcern
to students as a group rather than as
individuals. '

0challcnging the constitutionality of “anti-
grouper" ordinances.

Often sttidcnts‘ legal problems which the
~itudcnt Association lawyer may have to deal
with on an individual basis are caused by laws
or policies which cart be changed. For
example. many of the problems students have
with landlords are the result of the City of
Albany‘s failure to enforce its housing codes.
Proactive legal action by Student Association
could and should be taken to eliminate the
muse of these recurring individual problems
thereby eliminating the very need to have
individual consultation and rcprcsetitation in
these areas.

Other legal problems may not manifest
themselves in individual concerns brought to
the Student Association lawyer. but they still
infringe upon students' rights. often in a
systematic way. Problems such as the
imposition of a "health fee" which does not
improve health services. or the inability of
students or Student Association to obtain
certain information which should be available
under the i‘reetlom of information Act. are
cxantplcs of how students are discriminated
against by the University and other bodies.
Proactch legal action would ire able to utilize
the resources of the Student Association
lawyer and interns to protect the rights of
students as a group and prcvctit these tliitigs
from happening.

Many of the problems faced by students on
this campus are also shared by students on
other campuses. ’fliese statewide problems
should be trickled jointly by coordinating all
interested parties and groups.
Communication with student lawyers around
the state will allow the Student Association
lawyer to keep pace with all new developments
in the areas of student rights and avoid the
problems of overlapping work already
completed. SASU conferences should be
utilized with art eye toward coordinating all
SUNY legal services towards cotnrnon goals.
The establishment of it statewide st udcrit legal
services corporation will provide students
with additional weapons with which they can
advance siudents’ rights.

In contrast to what we have had available to

us. the in-house lawyer will expend his full-

energies on students. This will include all
appearances. procedings and other ncttvuy
that is permitted by law in order to keep the
student out of jail and in the classroom

(sometimes a worse fatc). In addition. the in--

house lawyer will be involved as much as
possible with the Student Association part-
timc lawyer in any litigation “fill may be
necessary.

All of these student needs and desires in
terms or legal services cannot be met without a
full-time lawyer working for Studﬁnl
Association and students.

I. I'art-‘I'ime litigation Attorney

Litigation is the most complex aspect ofthe
practice oflaw requiring the greatest degree of
skill and expertise. It can be dotic effectively
only by a specialist in that area. an attorne)l
with extensive trial practice experience.

Litigation is. usually the fintii stage of
representation. after other legal avenues have
been cxltatistcd. ilccausc it is the filial stage. it
is the most crucial aspect of the program. To
an individual student charged with a crime.
the abseiise of expert litigation can result iii a
criminal record and a prison sentence.

In determining where ottr legal resources
should be etitpioycd. two criteria were
considered. First. the frequency of which legal
problems arise iii a particttiar area and
secondly. the immediacy atid urgency of the
problem.

Most studettts' legal hassles arise out of
landlord-tenant problems. arid another
common ilfL’il 0i. concern  COIISUIT‘in
disputes. FtircXiimplc. problems with utilities.
area merchants and contracts are faced by
students on an almost daily basis.

In the criminal area. most students who
were charged with a critnc Were charged with
misdemeanors and minor felonies or narcotics
crimes. For the most part. these minor crimes
can be handled relatively quickly without time
consuming litigation. In order to provide
litigation for more serious felonies. ritorc
resources would have to be committed
towards legal services.

‘l'he task force recommends a part-time
litigation attorney to fulfill this important
aspect of legal concern. lhcre are two basic
reasons for separating this service from others
mentioned earlier. l'hc first reason is. thetimc
consuming nature of legal representation
(Therefore. the other desires will necessarily
be neglected.) the second reason is the
expertise required for effective rcprescntatiort.
We specifically propose to cover students
charged with misdemeanors. class Ii felonies.
or cases involving narcotics. bccatise they are
the most frequently encountered problems
and the easiest to resolve. For legal problems
that are less urgent or occur less frequently.
but are still of' concern to students. such as
separations. bankruptcy filings. etc.. a
reduced schedule of fees has been developed to
handle these problems. A schedule of' fees has
also been developed forthe more serious crime
(class A. ll. (‘ and D felonies).

The professional aspect of our progrumcan
best be fulfilles by these two retainers. By
separating the implementation of otir desires
into the areas mentioned above. we are best
able to utiiire resources to an optimum. and
fulfill all of these student desires.

V O('A PARALEGAI. ADVISORS

I'lic Off Catiipus Association advisor
program is an aspect of legal services iii which
st udcnls provide direct legal services to other
students. lhc program consists of eight
students who have been trained iti matters
specrftcally dealing with off campus student
problems. housing law and the practical
application of these laws in the Albany area.
[he tidyisors program works iii conjunction
With the Off Campus Housing Office. and
3331333231liiirii'ir'il.‘f’  ”‘° 

r crsttyadmtnistration
as'wcll as Student Association,

I Ihc specific services of paralegal advisors
{Tiff-[iii'Liiiiilfﬂi '3‘” °-'-'"‘”  “"7
the most frequent stud‘iuimSI Clem” {my m
swim “mum: c("Man problems. iltcse

_ . rrtrotr and advice.
education and proactive action.

I. Consultation and Advice

   
With the OLA ndvrsnrg.

i PAGE CA.
L

These advisors provide advice in matters
pertaining to leases—including the reading
explanation and advice on Changing new
leases—evictions. security deposits. lack of
repairs or service. and other problems which
off campus students may haVe. The advisors
can act as "intermediaries" in some tenant.
landlord matters. but basically they provide
advice so that students will have the innit. to
deal with their own problems. This advice will
be closely coordinated with both the ill-littuyc
counsel and the litigation counsel.

In the event that a problem is too cotttpicx
for an advisor or is a matter in \\ilIL'iI an
attorney is net. ssary. the advisors lam-1h.-
profcssional in-housc counsel :lllti. rt
necessary. the litigation counsel to l'L‘Sttlwlilt'
problem. Even though the ililtlfllms .r..~
involved and working onthc cttsc. litc ttti\tstits
remain involved in it.

2. Education

It is necessary to act in a preventive rnlt- or
order to minimi/c problems SitlLic'Itls i.lt't‘ as
tenants. Seminars. with support...-
ptiblicatiotis. dealing with small Ciltlltts .otlll
arid police court in relation to Ittiltstllg
problems will also be conducted wrth lite Irpr
ofthc iii—house attorney. In addition. \t'lillllrll\
dctilirig with how to locate and move lttltr .nr
apartment will be held otitlie quads dnrrngtlrt-
school year.

.1. Proactive

The ()CA atlvisors will work with the m-
ltotisc cotinscl toward the dcvcitttttttt'tit of
proactive cases in the area of housing. lqu t.Ill
be done by isolating specific pr'ohlerm .rnd
researching and preparing cases \\llll 1h.-
attorneys.

Within lhc Legal Services program. the
OCA advisors are very important in th.n they
provide a mechanism for students todml \ttlh
their own concerns. The 0(.'A ad\ tsot\ .nc ttol
pure paralegals; they are (Mil/isms Ill .rII on
campus matters. While ttti\tsots LiL'.lii\
cannot serve in a “representation” t.l]lrltll\.
they can perform some consultation. .Iti\ltL'.
education and "proactive" functions uI lite
legal services program ill housing Itttttfcis in

Roscnbluiii Jr. Leveiithal Retainer

The following services will he ptmnlul b\
the firm to the Strident Assocmtrun of \l \l
lllllli

at Albany frorii November |. W"

October 3i. l97li. for a fccrrl'SSJhttl [\.|\.Iilit in
four equal installments of Si 25” on \mrrnhcr

1. l977. February l. l97fi. May I, WW and
l Stilt

AUEUSl i. i97ii. Services wrll not t\tt‘t‘t

hours during the year except .I\ otitclutsr
agreed upon between the pill‘llt‘s. .rtrtl in no
single month will scrvtces requested t‘\tt'\'ti “
hours. Legal services requested |.tit of \l\ rut
hour for out of court Work and s.“ [to hunt

for court time.
Studen’ Association Representation
Pull representation of the /\\sttit.lltt-ll .1

its affiliated grotips in all litigation \tltr'litt'l

they are plaintiffs or defendants
Individual Student Representation

initial proceedings for all students .ntrwlul
The object of the initial appearauo. is I“ l1“l
the student ottt ol'jail arid back torts“. trstttp
whatever means are necessarv, \vlictltrt in
riitikiiig bail. providing advice. or in “lit”
means.

Cuttlplete representation through ttt.i| lull
excluding appeal. for all students that got “all
Misdemeanors; Class Ii i'L‘itilllt‘s. .rll ullk'W‘
involving any drug or narcotic. It'srllfllf“ "‘
the charge; traffic violations nht-rr- tltl'
st udcnt's license is ill jeopardy
(“lle Representation

Representation for all students to hos-“W”
for all cases arising oitt of landlord lt'ttalll
problems or consumer disputes.

Fee Schedules

if a student is charged with a crane till)“
than one listed above. lcgtii representation at“
be provided at the following schedule tti tect-

,.. I ll-lIl-tt

 

 

mﬂww-r. “was...

order to avoid duplication of services and to
provide maximum efficiency. there should be
frequent and direct communic’ation among all
those participating in the program.
STUDENT INTERNS

Student Interns are a new and crucial part '
of the legal services proposal. essential for
greater success and continued growth. The
students will receive firsthand training in
various areas of the law and will receive
academic credit in exchange fortheir time and
energy.

Through the Community Service Program.
student interns will work under the direction
of the in-housc counsel. Each intern is
required to spend six hours per week. for a
minimum of twelve wccks(72 hours) working
with professionals.

Practical experience is art important part of
any education. With an in-housc lawyer there
will be tnorc opportunities to utili/.e student
involvement iti legal services. In addition. our
lawyer cart try to coordinate ottr services with
Albany Law School students. ihcy can help
its rcacit our goals while getting practical
experience. This will be beneficial to all those
involved.

it is the intent of the task force that the
student interns will assist in office work.
publications. workshops. and basic legal
research. The interns will be able to relicvctlic
in-liousc lawyer of tituch routine work and to
insure there will always be someone iii the
office during hours.

S'I‘UI)ICN'I‘ (‘ONTROL

The task force recommends that creation of
a Lc tl Services Committee attd Legal
Services Director to oversee. publici/c. and
recommend changes as they see fit in Legal
Services at SUNYA.

The Legal Services Director shall become a
member of the ixecutive Iiratich. S/bc will,
also serve as chairperson of'tlic Legal Services
Comtitittee.

'l he Legal Ser vices Cotntitittcc shall consist
oftltc Legal Services Director. stttdctit interns.
()CA paralegals. attd other interested
students. in addition to the iri<house lawyer

 

 

and the litigation lawyer. who will serve as ex-
ofﬁcio members. The OC A paralegal advisors
will have an important role in the legal services
committee. in order to ensure that the
program dciils with students‘ housing
problems. The committee‘s range of activities
shall include: coordinating the three parts of
the program and developing an on-going
evaluation process. The task force
rccomtncnds the establishment of an
evaluation form that should be filled out by all
students who use the service regardless of the
nature ofthc service provided. This committee
will also be responsible for coordinating the
extensive review at the end of four months.
BAIL FUND

When students are arrested. bail may be set
which cannot be met expediently and
cotiiplctcly. For this rcasoti. it is the belief of
the Legal Services task forccthat a hail Fund
shotiid be cstahlisltcd by SA ill order to
prevcttt students from having to spend tiriic in
jail before trial.

Such a fttnd would possibly prevent a
student on a relatively minor charge. such as
“disturbing the peace". from liavirigto spend a
night in jail simply because s/hc could not
muster up the needed cash from friends or
relatives on short tioticc. A ball fund could
also alleviate the fitiartcial burden placed on
individualstudentsorontheirfaniiliesincases
\vlicrc relatively ltigli bail is set.
lmplenicntation of a bail fund would require
several things:

I. Funding

Several possibilities for fundirtg should be
considered after determining the desired
amount of money needed to have ati effective
bail fttiid for studetits. 'I’hcsc iticludc. but are
not limited to: SA appropriation from gcticral
fund; appropriation from the AAB surplus:
voluntary contributions frorii students.
possibly in the form of a "clicek-ofl“ on
student bills. The final mccliancis should be
worked out by the Comptroller and present cd
to the Ceritrai Council.

2. Eligibility
It is the intention of the task force that all

 

 

«: I  ervices: Final

students be eligible to be bailed ouf for all
crimes through Student Association's Bail
Fund program. However. there may be
limitations based on the availability of
ﬁnancial resources.

The need for a brill fund is obvious. The
money will not be “lost” or "spent" once an ‘
allocation has been made and no additional
allocations should be necessary. Furthermore.
if the fund is ever dissolved. the money is once
again available.

FUTURE CONCERN

A future desire of the Legal Services task
force would he to have the Legal Services
Program ol'fcr most common legal services to
students on a sliding settle fee basis which
would be determined by the st udcnt‘sl'inancial
necd (i.c.. ability to pay for legal services).

Under the present proposed retainer.
certain legal services to individual students are
covered in all cases. for unytax payingstudcnt
in need of the service. as in cases involving
landlord-tenant problems. However. certain
other cases are not covered by t he retainer and
will be offered tit it schedule of fees.

A future proposal to guarantee that all
students be able to obtain quality legal service
at a price affordable to tlteni would involve an
SA subsidy. of art as yet undetermined
amount. to st udents whose financial sitttation
would make it difficult orimpossiblc to obtain
similar service outside the Association. In
designated “fee schedule" cases (many of
which would be optional. such as divorces.
bankruptcy or wills). Sttidcrit Association
might subsidize anywhere from the entire cost
ofthc service to only a small pcrcetit or none of
the cost. 'I he aniouttt ofthc subsidy would be
determined by both the student‘s fittancial
situation and the rtaturc ofthc legal service. To
implcmctit this proposal in the future. several
things must be done:

I. Determination of Student Need

Methods must be worked out todetermiric a
student‘s financial situation. This would be
done by usingavailablc data on financial need.
as calculated by established state and national

analyses in order to develop criteria. for
eligibility for ii subsidy. Donald Whitlock.
Director of Financial Aids at SUNYA. baa
indicated a geat willingness to assist Student
Association in developing this aspect of the
proposal.
2. Determination of Services Covered

The Legal Services task force must
determine exactly what types of legal services
would be covered under the “fee schedule"
arrangement. Consideration will be given to
the time involved in such cases. the frequency
that students are involved in such cases. and
the human resources available withinthc legal
services program to handle a given amount of
“fee schedule“ services. The nature ofthc cases
will also be a consideration.
3. Final Development of the Program

Synthesizing the previous aspects. a final
proposal will be developed based on the
financial committmcnt of Student
Association.

ADMINISTRATIVE CONCERNS
The Legal Service Program will require
office spade beyond whttt is presently
available. Beginning iii January. we expect to
move into the Billiards Room of the Campus
Center. We plan to have a separate legal
services office within Student Association. It
will require a typewriter. telephone. secretarial
help. expense account and iiabilityinsurance.
For the interim. we would prefer to have use
of room 357 in the Campus Center which
hopefully cart be made available and is
currently under titili/cd. It has the advantage
of a' telephone. file space and consultation
area.
CONCLUSION
Eight months ago the task force's major
concern Wits to propose a complete legal
services program.- The program should be
ﬂexible. encourage student involvement. and
most importantly. satisfy the students' lcgal
desires. We feel the above proposal fulfills
these objectives. With continued studeta
awareness and support. this program wil:
further develop and grow.
1

blum and Levanthal: $5000

The firtn reserves the right to take these cases
at his own discretion.
Class D liclony

Class A.I!.C. Felonies l’rc-trial $l.5000

I‘mvtdcntial Hearings and Trials $i()0 for
up to two weeks". additional delays at a rate to
be agreed upon in advance between the
individual student and the firm.

Appeals: Misdemeanors H.000; I) & F.
Felonies $|.750; A.il.(‘ l‘clonies $2.500.

Prc-trial $l.000

Civil Representation
Reprcsetitation will he provided at the
following scliedirlc.

Voluntary petition of personal bankruptcy

$l75

Simple separation $|50

Uncontested divorce. annulment $275

Personal injury actions 25% of the iict
recovery after allowable and
disbursements

Simple will $25

Ilusbtind-wifc reciprocal will

costs

$50

I'Zxclusioiis

Matters ill which students are ittvoived iii
profit triakirtg ventures.

(‘ases where the slttdetit is already provided

legal representation by another program at no
cost.

Conflict of'ititcrcst situations Student vs.
Student. The first student to request legal
services will be represented. The second
studctit can hire an attorney of their choice.
Legal fees to be paid up to $250 by Student
Association.

Miscellaneous

The Association agrees to pay up to $100 of
all reasonable and necessary expenses
incurred in representing a student. with the
remainder fees charged to that student.

llours will be based on the "hourly—time

slip“ of the firm.

All statistics will be forwarded to Student
Association Legal Services regularly.
Coordination of the professional ﬁrm and iii -
in-house attorney.

The firtn agrees to train the ill-hull":
attorney for litigation.

There will be regular meetings
consultation between the in—liouse altor'a:
and the firm.

The firm will act as the attorney of rccv'tt
for the Association.

This agreement shall be reviewed and
‘subjecMnge It the end of four montlis.‘

u'iii

Jack Lester: $10,0

.Iaek Lester Retainer

'l'he followitig legal services will be provided
by the attorney to Student Association of
SUN Y at Albany from October 27. I977. tititii
October 26. l97ll. for a salary of $ll).00l) a year
payable bi-weckly plus University Auxiliary
Services (UAS) eriiploycc benefits.
Consultation and Advice

'Ail students scckitig an opinion or advice
on any legal nialter may consult with the SA
iii-house counsel during established office
hours. for a tiiiniriuirtt of fotir hours cacti day
and evening hours twice a week.

"I'elcphone consultation will be provided
during office hours with air answering service
utilized at all other times.

ALBANY s 3 am Puss.

well as
Student

advice as
behalf of

'Consultatiou and
advisory memos on
Association.
Education

In orderto facilitate student familiarity with
the law as well as with SA legal services the
attortiey will conduct:

0a series of workshops and seminars oti
various legtil topics of concern to students four
times each term which will utilile prepared
publications, resource personnel. political tiiid
community leitders. in addition

“in! SA lawyer will utilize the available
tools on campus to reach the student body(bi-
weekly newspaper columns as well as weekly
phone-in programs on the campus radio

station provides the SAlawycrwithaforurn).
Legal Representation

OAll appearances and proceedings.'
permitted by statute. required to facilitate
stttdents' speedy exit from the criminaljustice
system.

Oliivolvemcnt iti litigtition when required or
possible as specified under agreement with SA
part-time legal counsel.

Pro-Active Role

0Communlcation with appropriate
agencies and groups that exist within New
York State or other states to facilitate co—
ordiriated student rclrited and beneficial legal
services.

.illdiVidIltli directed research into students‘

. PAGE 7A

u..- .iWeMrwA-suwvtt'krwrw nm...a../...4,.-.....~...q. z...-

civil suits of a class-action nature.
Miscellaneous

Olitilization of student interns in preparing
above legal services including direction iii
prcptiriiig legal papers. research and
educational direction.

'Expioration of providing clinical legal
programs between SA and Albany Law
School.

IOtlter reasonable lcgttl services
request of any SA official.

This agreement ls contingent upon
maintaining good legal standing In the State of
New Yurlt and Is subject to review following
passing the State Bar Exam with a I978
admittance to the bar.

OCTOBER 21. 1977

the

 

