 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
 
   
  

  

Inetruecion I MI'I 
faculty ‘ ~
Faculty lupan

  

(E‘- .

 

:J'

 been no

v.3;

r“ "1‘ 'W- “we-5W

   
 
   
  
  
    
   
    

 

I

'.~..—. \MMan.nc..~.auW; ,

'4

PAGE TWO

violations we find hit
them“ ’I'
City Comptollei' Lyle Hoffer

  
  
  

, said;Deutsehman‘s sult'
inst. lot was l’or,S750.0w;.

  

response to DeLuca's and Leonards'
claims. Litigation could then follow
but Costello said thai would take a
long period‘of time'td develop.
"the building at 48A Dove St. has
, yet to": be boarded "up although
_ severely damaged to theSNo’vember
l'ire.. Responsibilityfor boarding lie
with the landlord and enforcement
on the city. according to Coalition
members. V ' ‘ ‘

my to 40 per cent ofthe hous-
tItirr city’ is in violation ofsome

 

_ c ae Romano. president of
fighters "union local 2007 said
firefighter VanVorst would receive,
. workman‘s compensation ,forhis in-v
tjurie‘s but should “get a suit but of it '
as well.". VunVorst and resident
Assam could .not he reached for

 

o tut our?
Call MIDDLE EARTH—«$5300
24 Hours I Day

Memo N inofs

PIZZERIA - RESTAURANT A

  

Open 7 days. 4 p.m. —— 2 a.m. 4
FOR 0N~PREMISE EATING 46132221
\{OR PICK-UP 0R DELIVERY SERVICE I

   
  

6‘ This ad and for 50¢ discount I
4. If .
awe; ‘ on apart-Iranufanypizzaplc.
I
.o,>9<,é |
9 .
I Jerry's “riﬂe, I
s.
91)."?

I RESTAURANT & CATERERS 79332, I
| 809 Madison Ave.. Albany NY ’9,\/,) ’
I " “OPEN 24 nouns" 42)) 0M: mum/r

. )\ PER PERSON
| t-on 0N PREMISE EATING \n-R 0RDER|
| FOR PICK-UP on DELIVERY SERVICE \\ I
I 4654219 , \\ |

all gum/fol 50¢ rlirl'ount on u purchare (IMAM) or more -
A ‘OUI'ON PER PERSON PER ORDER '

. ' .4
David Bromberg 1
Harry dropin
Wed. March 16, 8 00pm
Sierra College ‘»
ALUMNI RECEA'I'ION CTR.

$6.00 'All. sears arsrrtvro

$5  COLLEGE STUDENTS WITH LB.
0

At Tickotwn locations and Sierra College

hm Fognly’: Mm

255 New Karner Rd—Rt 155
Albany, NY—456-3371

 

 

 

Fatso’s Goodtime Happy Hour

from 9-10 pm.

Any Beer 25‘ Mixed Drinks 50'

Friday 81 Saturday

   
 
    

Fatro'r

Rt. I55

l 1')! arms

Warn. Ave. Ext

 

 

 

   

    

»; must now decide on he city‘s.

I
I
I
79f Madison Aver. Albany NY ‘ I
|
I

might it

is developing a! mobile-redemption, '

center for cans. aid Central Coun-

cil Chairman (lireg‘ Lessne. “If we: '

gave a deposit back on cans I think
the response would be good.“
According to Zahm. Twhile the

Board was unanimously opposed to.

expanding the bottle, project. the
consensus in regards to the pilot

program was to-allow State Quad to

decide the issue for themselves.

"We will talk with the quad board
at State and rather than evaluate the
program over again. we will get their
opinion whether they want to keep it
regardless. or if thcijouldi like to
terminate it.“ said Zahma

Zahm added. that if State Quad
decides to end the pilot program.
conversion brick to cans would most-
ly take place during the April vacu-

. r .

Cox Delmquent
BOSTON (AP) Harvard Law
Professor Archibald Cox. who serv-
ed rts Watergate special prosecutor
in the Nixon ttdministration. has
been delinquent in registering as a
lawyer. officials say.

The Massachusetts Board of liar
Overseers said Wednesday that it
had notified Cox this week that he
has failed to register for three years
and owes some Slit) in back registra-
tion fees.

Cox. who headed it gubernatorial
committee on court reform. sttid he
was ignorant ol it I974 law requiring
lawyers to register annually to prac-
tice in the state.

“The year the requirement to
register went into effect I wits itl
England." Cox said. "I‘ll take care of
it rigltt away.“

the llitrvrtrd I.ttw graduate was
admitted to practice tn
Massachusetts on Nov. 3. I937.

Fun in Spain

SUNYA is offering you it way to
get it tnn. ill Madrid for sevclt credits.

The Office of International
Programs is sponsoring a six week
summer program. at the Inter-
national Institute. located III Miguel
Angel 8. Madrid. Spain. startingthe
end ol',.lune until the middle of
August.

Students with Iottr years of high
school Spanish or twu years at the
college level can apply. Applications
tnust be in by April | with priority
given to early applicants.

The program will cost $825 for
transportation. supervision. room
and board. Additional costs would
include SUNYA tttilion plus per-
sonal expenses.

The Spanish Languages Courses
offered toward the program are
Spanish Itlflrt. Spn “Wu. and Spn
3|3. V

Spanish l(lba is it twocrcdil course
that will meet daily for one hour.
Primary emphasis will be on speak-
inglttld there will also heditieussions
of stories.

Spanish I07rr is also a two credit
course which will meet daily for one
hour. Primary emphasis will be in
writing and they will also prepare
short thelncs. _

Spanish 3i] is rl three credit
course which will meet dltily for one
and a half hours. This course is a
study of the unique character of the
Spanish people and an examination
of the various aspects of Spanish
culture through the I9llr century.
You will also visit various plllecll in
Madrid.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

  

  
  
 

   

   
  

i-it

an"; on

. 5-“;- y. m

irwlth 43 Amid?

 
  
 

 

PISA’.‘ any (Ari/tn Italianairforce Cl50'trahsport'plane'loaded with naval

cadets crashed “Thursday invthe mountains'near this central Italian city.
military officials said. (The defense ministry in Rome said'the‘ plane was
carrying cadets‘belie’ved tonum'ber 38 from the must academy in Leghorn in
addition to the live crew member‘sand an officer. There "has no immediate
word on casualties.:The Lockheed. transport'weiit down nea’r'San (iiusto
airport here. There is a mountain range 'iiedrbyf 'Seurch planes and res‘c'uc
parties were scntgto the crash scene. ' I-  N ‘ t ’ "

Senate Concerned with Human Rights Abroad ,
WASHINGTON (AP) The Senate is joining the Carter administration‘s
chorus of concern about violations of human rights abroad. The Senate on
Wednesday adopted it resolution decrying “the recent beatings.
imprisonment and harassment of Soviet Jews and other minorities“ seeking
emigration visas. At the same time. Carter's secretary of'state. Cyrus Vance.
was telling a House panel that U.S. aid programs are under review to
determine if funds to countries denying human rights should be cut off. Iiul
Treasury Secretary W. Michael Blumcnthal said at a Senate hcttringthe IJ.S.
should not stop contributions to international lending institutions. even
though some recipient nations violate human rights.~

Federal To Aid State in Housing

WASHINGTON (AP) The Carter, administration promised Mayor Abe
Bettme of New York City'l‘hursday that it will help the financially heleugtlred
. city lan-pecding up housing construction and will try_to l’inilra way to provide
an extra $50 million for city services. Patricia Roberts Harris. secretary ol'thc
Department of Housing and Urban Development. told a news conference
after meeting with Beame for a half-hour that the administration ls
committed to assist the city in‘dcvcloping housing. , H I

“What we have not done adequately is follow up reservations of proposed

developments into housing starts." Mrs. Harris said. "Myjob is to convert
rcscrvrttions into housing on the ground." 'Mrsflidrris promised to speed up
$l75 million in federal aid to pity for the sale of mortgages for New York
City‘s Mitchel-Lama housing projects.

Public Ideas on Energy Requested by Carter
Washington (AP) The Citrter administration is inviting as estimated 450,000
Americans to provide ideas fora rtationalcnergy policy. White liousc I’rcss
Secretary Jody Powell announced Wednesday letters are being mailed to
300.000 private citizens whose names were taken rtt random from Census
Bureau files. Another l50.000 letters are going to members of Congress.
reporters. litbor leaders. businessman. state and local officials ltltd members
of public interest groups. he said.

The letters sent by the office of James I'. Schlesinger. the I’l'csrdcrrt‘»
energy adviser. Powell said. adding Itc Wits uncertain ol'the cost of the mass
mailing. Powell said any inncrican wishing to make suggestions can subran
them by March 2t to Post Office box 2778. Washington. l).('. 200l3.

Beame Blames Bankers For Default of NYC

New York (AP) Mayor Abraham l). licamc said Thursday that the till)
would not surrender its “sovereignty” to privrtlc bankers in return Ior their
cooperation to save file city front default. In carefully coucltcd lcrrus. thr-
mayor blamed tltc bankers for edging the city toward the brink of default
next week and appeared to reject reported demands by the bunks lor more
stringent controls over city borrowing and spending. “Not even the newest
lcltder could reasonably expect us to mortgage otlr sovereignty tum-not
when we have nchcived tlltprcccdcttted fiscalrelorms. . .  Ilerrmc sitttI. IlIlI
IJ—prrgc State of the City rtdrcss before a joint session ol the board of
listirnates and City Council in City “it”. lielurrc said the erty was on the path
to “fiscal credibility".

Cunningham Dismissed on Charges of Conspiracy
New York (AP) Patrick Cunningham. former Democratic strttc cltnrrlltilll.
was cleared Thursday ofcllltrges he tried to pressure a publisher not to print
unfavorable articles about two Ilronx politicians. to the state Suprcrrrc
Court. Justice Leonard Sttndler threw otll the the criminal conspiracy
indictment against the Ilronx County chairman. Srtndlcr said Mrlrrrrcc
Nildjltri. while he was special state prosecutor. had presented cvtdcrtce to flu:
grand jury III rt “false or seriously misleading" way. It was tltc third dismissal
rtntorlg four Indictments whieliCtlnniughttm has faced. Sandler said he drdrr‘t
know whenlte would rtlle on the lust indictment. It charges ('rrlrnrrlghrrrn
with partlel thing in II conspiracy to doctor batik records to cnltccitl
payments it lcgcdly mitde for influence pcddlrrlg disguised as legal advice

Indians and State Approaching Settlement
SYRACUSE. NY. (AP) Secretary of State Mario (.‘ttonto said IItttI'sdtt)
negotiations with Indians occupying strrteowned land tll Moss lake are now
down to the "nitty gritty" stage. (.‘uolno said there is "virtual agreement" that
the Indians will rcloclttc to anotltcr piece of lrrnd. bill he said littdittg a
suitable site remained a stumbling block. lie said the areas rlIuch
consideration by the Indians "are all north of Albrtny anti outside of the
Adirondack Park."“Wc have what amounts to rt virttrlll agreement. hilt their
are some dctrtils that need to be ltttertded to by the Indians“ regarding
selection of It site. the secretary ofsttlte said ilt,un interview wrtlr radio station
when in Syracuse.

MARCH 4. 1977

 

 

n puny. ._. .

 

i
l.

 
   
  

President Fields' Tentative Ad-‘"
ministration: Plan for accom-

modating the reduction'vdirected by

the Executive? Budget for I977-78

and for achieving priority/goals of

University Miasionhas been review~

ed by the Resources Allocation '
Committee of The Council on

Educational Policy which has in-

dicated general agreement with the

plan.

President Fields. in a covering
memorandum to vice presidents.
deans. department chairpersons.
rind directors stated that the plan‘s
design incorporates the objectives of
meeting the specific position and
dollar reductions of the Executive
lludgel. carrying otlt. insofar its
possible. the rertllocitlions and
recommendations of last ycttr‘s Task
Force on Priorities and Resources.
rcttllocttting resources to additional
special needs. rind minimiriug the
effect on current employees.

I he memorandum reads:
In a minority report. Freedman

l'.t/l/tll"\ .\urr': \rII/IlI/il' l-.‘. /.rIIII/7-
mun Ir .'It'II'II,I,' llI'I‘l'r'IIII' III the,
\t \ l l U/Ilr't' lt/ l/r'rlilllr'l'IrI/l'mtr.

shutout
question

and Prilllin. althoughexprettiitg
agreement with men of the con:
‘ ”  " urea by'R'ACJeisedthe
(  . _. to whet. eliterlt
should the undergraduate-program
and the services provided by this im-
iversity suffer?" The report con-
tinued. “Bothprograms and services,
already have suffered extensively in
quality due to previous budget cuts.
and these areas probably will incur
further reductions in the future.
Therefore. we hope that any reduc-
tions to satisfy Dr. Fields' plan will
be in areas where students are least
affected and this perspective has not
adequately been trlken into con-
sideration by the committee‘s
report.“

The President‘s Office ltrtd receiv-
ed comntentary on the tentative plan
rind tuttde revisions. ‘l’hc finttl plan is
its lollows:

Instructional and Departmental
Research. reqttircd full-time
equivalent reductions of two faculty
at 5884.000 and cigltl faculty support
postions ttt 97.900.

()rgrtui/ed Research. reduced by
one at $9.439.

Academic Support. Educational
Cotnmunicirtion Center. reduced by

 

 

organiied nee’u‘reh" I
Acadnte Supporter  , .4 '
Mue'l Cor-re. cu '
Library -

tiune School.
General Mntnturuton
en _ _ I

H General. Inlt'l Sewien V _.

Student service-
tletnt tr Operation

Ittut. lurerprhu (ﬁesta-nee

 

 

     
    
  
 

 innit  -; ~'
" 11hr”;

 

  
     
    
 
        

      
   
    
   
  

    
  
   

 

  

 

 

“"1  ' .ﬁmpsi  ‘
Proclddn‘t'vFl' 977L191 gnu.“ .ua‘dpiﬁquw   '

six at “05.094: Librltryyeightzﬁ

  
   
    
 
 

 

376: and Milne School. l2. $20 '134

(icncrttl Administration-'3ltrtd.""

General Institutional Serviccsrcdttc-
ed by four. $32.lli9. . ' ' .

 

 

Student Services. reduced by four. '
" ‘ support positions were tnadc'in en-.
,virdumcnta'l -st'ttdies.' geology.
physics. - Inter-American studies.

$32. I 72.

Maintenance rlnd Operation;

reduced by Is. 5123.397.
Auxiliary Enterprises

(Residettce). ettt by 7.6 positions."

359.4%.

The totals are reductions of 70.6-

full-time equivalency positions for
Shilldlhs.

Reductions of full-time faculty

Robbery Attempted at Tappatt. '

by ( orrilte lit-rrtslcirt
anti .Iortntllatl Hodges

\u llltctnptcd armed robbery or-
turrcrl :rt Stntc ()rlrld‘s litpptru Ilrrll
rust pilot to the l'chrttrlrvvacation.

IIIL‘ robin-rt lllIL’lllpl took place
on the lust tlmrr ill the Ion-rise
tItIlllI \t't‘llltIllIILIItt||lC\llItIt!llI who
\\.I\ studying or tllc hall at tile time.
lllttlcs ucrrrtrrg masks
entered the luultlrttg and began
banging no the door of u strife.

"It was altcrseven. bctwccn seven
and seven thirty." said one mernhcr
of the suite who asked to remain un-
identified. "'l'hcre wits ll girl in the
suite on the phone arid when site
opened the door I heard her gasp.

"I wrts sitting rtt my desk and I
looked up and saw two black turtles
come in. 'l ltey were wearing sort of
stocking disguises. one lrrrd rt gun
and one was ulcldrtlg a kttllc. Iltc

Two Green

by Mark (ireenstelu

I\\t| gtccrr buses will be taken of
tilt \l \l r\ bus-Irucotrd"auctioned
.ln.r\" Int rtltlttll six hundred dollars
t'.|\'II .ruorrlrrlg to ('itnlptls llrtvcr
l rrrou l’tcxttlcllt Art Ilurl.

lwo brand new. luncty person
capacity. ltoltl lllltI rear door tIlc\t.'I
buses rtny replace tltc older gl‘cctl
httscs. “ I here is already money for
them." liltt't srrrd, " | IIL' money for the
new buses \vtIlIItI coruc ottt ol the
tuntcrsu) budget."

SliN) A lr'rtnsporlillton Dis-
plrtr'ltct Kerr Wolven said. "We have
tIIIIt'It'ltI \rrurrgcs Normally we try
to r. plrrcc tuorr yeltr. lllc Illecspcc-
I.lI|t\ llrr tIIt' Ilttscs is tell years." the
Inn hon-s herng replaced were

too bluvk

pltrrllimd Ill I‘loir.

(Ittlt'ttlI) the older buses “are
tt‘it'ti \-II\I| they have to be.“ Iltut
\rlltI '.rtlorrt lottr hours every day.
\\.-\r~ lIl-ttc rl lot ol work otl tlrcltr
rrnd they‘re srtlc.“ lIrrl't said one oi
the buses wlrs |rrst Inspected the ot Ith
day by the \Iillt' .rnll lotlrtd sale to be
dinen for six more tltontlts. lltc
other bits comes up for Inspection
tomorrow.

"I Item: could be the IlI'trI conver-

MARCH 4. 1977

one with the kniletlten cttt the phone
wire.

“()uc ot tltc doors ill the suite was

locked. lltcy trtcd to get into II. He
stud open It or he would shoot ll
open. I told Illlll I didn't ltrrvellrc key
and I couldn't opett it. At this little it
was rust the girl irttd I III the suite
I'tIIIIII. -
" | hell he look the giln and
potlrtcd rt towards Iltc glrl. Site dove
into another open room and locked
the door. Iltcy tried to gel IllltI Illrlt
room. 1 hey asked the for the keys. I
stud I didn‘t lune the keys.

" | Ilcy demanded money. I told
them it has locked in the rooms.
lite) tlctnrrndcd \IIIIILIIIIL'S. I told
them I dldn‘t Itil\c any. they were all
hehrud the doors. I told them that I
had nothing to offer Iltcrrr. IIc fired
the gtttt III the room. I Ititd ttlrrtcd my
head before he did and when I look-

Buses Put

struts lloln gasoline to diesel."
Wolvcrr said. The two new buses
uould cost approximately $7M.iltlll.

"Illett effectiveness is one lulu-
died per cent better tlrrrncqurprucnt
presently bctng operated. We crittch
ouc-tlut'd lttorc people on the diesel
. A . . . .

r. . g , 

 

Two SUNVA bum wIlI be taken all the bus lines and cold at a

    
 

ed back they were gone. they had
, .

Iclt."

According to
Public Stricty llircctor James
Williams. nclther ol the twosuspccts
harc yet been apprehended.

It docs not appear tltrrt the gun
used was real. btrt posslhly it stltt'letfs
plstol similar to those IInL'tI at sports

events. l’ubllc Srtlcty Assistant

lllrector John lIcurglrrtrl “as quick ,

to point out thourtlr. Ilrrrt even a

pistol of this nature could cause III-’

rttt'y II tired close til it that prtrt oftlic
bird).

assigned to Investigate the case. sttid
that tile lc\\ IL‘tttIx Him the tIchtlrI~
tncnt has had to work wrtlr have
almost been exhausted. Anyone with

inforturtttotl pcrtltuttng to the crisp.

can contact tlrc lleprrl'trucrrt' rrl
Ptlblic Safety at xl57-li2tl4.

to Pasture

buses and they are Irtlllt to Irlkc chs
“car and turn.“ Iltlrt srud. ‘

liclor'cthc lltcsclscrtn be put‘chtts- '
ed the final approval must contc‘

from the strttc. Ilurt said there Is now
it hold on the Diesels because ofthe
possibility ol 0 shift to crty buses.

r ‘ ' . 1‘

   

 
 

Diesel-fueled replacements are under conclderetlon. . i ‘

  
  

llcptrrtluctrt of

John t‘oIcrurtn. who Ilits b’ccn

.‘ tllc requirements . . .

aitv‘leil "
uotlonj.

  
 

  

 

‘llI‘l.il'Ilt.I rhetoric. Reductions in

education. and public rtl'frlirs..Undcr
organized resc'ich. lhcreduction is
onextcchn ‘itl specialist in' the At-

 

Iptosplrel ' Science ResettrchCenter.

. Acrtdcritic support reductions iii
the 'I.’i(IlICltIIAIIIIiII Coinmt‘lnicrttiort
Center are three technical
specialists. one telcVIslou.engineer.
onc'tclevision. producer. and an

associate. University libraries lost it '

clerk. .typtst. sluttugrtlplicr.‘ and
tecllnicrrl assistant. Milne School
reductions were one i stunt
proicssor, eight associate professors.
one professor. rt lecturer. and rt dic-
trttittg machine transcriber.

In general administration and
general-instiltllionrrl services‘llte cuts

. lifl‘ect Computing Center. one clerk:
public relations. lypist‘. publications.

‘tlie".

_n. 'I’IlrijiIIn'q faculty reductions-
were made 'in Englisli.‘ 'rtrt. jour-

sily Fellowships. eight more spe

 

 

myrrgn it? ,Iitpcyop‘crtllitfiAna-WP.I .' ,
‘ ' “ ' c iv'ing.

 
     
      
 

   

\ let. ' los

'RL‘BINIHW Office-four quarter-time

graduate ’t.sislitnts III ltIII\‘_CI'.\II_\V.
College and 'u 'typrst and
stcrtogrupher -i_n_the Office of the
Dean lor Student Affairs. '
Maintenance rind .opcrtttion
reductions are cttstodial services. I l
custodial HI ground. two
groundsmcn It'lI‘ security. one
campus security ollicer: and plant
administration. one typist.
Attx'llliury enterprises (residench

 
  
 

,,lost ~in custodial serr ices lottr l' l'li‘s'.

and Residence ()ll'icc. rcsitlcrrcc lurll
director and ttdditionttl professional
stall position Ill ollicc's central
management ttrrtt.

Spcclul needs to be Ittltdcd itt
I‘I77-7li through rcdcplmulcul are
lncreases ol 5.220.000 lor grtrduatc
and teaching assistant slipcuds.$2‘).-
(100 stipend increases for I02llniver-

  

l‘llillllllrt't/ Wu [trier

SUNYA Title IXSIdm
 Receives Self-Evaluation

by Bryan llolzherg
‘ 'I'p’comply WIIII Iillc Nine

't'cgtllations irt elirnirrrrtlng sex dis-

crimination practices. SUNYA has
begunrisen-evaluation of its itdutis-
stop and employment policies.
. “A positive IllL'ltll' is that Iillc
Nine isrccciving top pt'tot'tty"ul high
levels. srtld independent consultant
Ill. 'I\>t)IllllI Ritllcl.

Acting Affirmative Aclrrrlt()l|icer
I.)r. (ilol'itl |)eSolc stud Iiitlfel was
expcr'lcttccd III cqttitl oppot‘utrily and

'ttIIIIIIIttlch'ttctintt studies wrth par-

ticular expertise wrtlt l'ltle Nine.
‘IJeSoIc said bringing erllcl to
SIJNYA wrrs'cviilcoce ol the impor-
t'rurcc placed. Ill complying wrth the

‘ . regulation.

lltrt 'l ltfe Nine required the sell-
erlllurltlon to. hrrvc been
"implemented by July 2!. I970". one

. year after the rcgtllrrttorrtook clfect.

'l‘he regulation required SIINYA
to f‘etrtluirtc . . . its .Ultl'l'L‘IlI policies
trndprrrcticcs and the effects thereof
correct;ningradtnlsstou . .. treatment .
. .un'd employment of hothrlcademic
linclttding- xttldentsl lllltI IItIII-

'acitdcrnrc personnel . . . modify any

III these policies which do rlot orrrke
rrtrd take ap-
propriate steps to eliminate the
effects of any discrimination."
“Due prirnrtrily to rtnderstrlfflng

3' and tr luck of continuity of this of-
' flee.“ the delay] did occur. said
'q;l')eSuIc._A search-is currently on to

fill You professlortalyrtcancy ittllte ofn

'l‘i'ce..s'.lie 'ul'd.-v . ‘ _:
. {Rut’t‘elsluet this week with some

IIIree".'doic'tl". officials who tire to

ALBANY STUDENT Pirated;

Itssdss the university‘s compliance
with Iillc Nine. lleSnte srlrd Rnll'cl
would return at least three times this
semester to assist “tilt the
assessments as the) are conducted
and submitted lot' it loud report drrtc
ol June I.

"I ltc llllt_|t)l' problem is not Inten-
ttouul dlscrtrnrluttton.“ soul Rirllcl.
"but :r subtle. 'colnplc\ result of
gclrctrlhrtcs of trltrtrrdcs ull oc-
cupations. socretrll. and Inrully roles
nluch liltttl Ittcn and women to rtgtd
sex roles. Ilte scll-emltlrttion is
designed to uncover subtle and un-
srthtlc discrilninrltions."

“It‘s at Iougsltrw process of helping
people and showing Iltcm where rrtld
ltow to look." she stud. lfle sell-
CHIIIIIIIItm will go I) long wrtytoutlrd
mrrkrug people aware of subtle dis-
crimination rrud e\cnttutl|y chr'rTrge
behaviors.

thlch was asked her initial opi-
nrotl of n situation where rtll major
administrative ollictrrls were male.
rrrcltrding trcting personnel. She said
"it Is ll situation to be tincstlgltlcd its
to wiry it occurred but it need not be
discrimination. It may be
reasonable."

l)cSolc srud rttt open meeting will
be scheduled its part of the self-
c\rtlurttlou process. "Probably the
only way to totrclt everybody. is to
unite everybody." she said. flit:
meeting is to hear observations rind
cotnmettls from everyone.“

Inquirch regarding compliance
with Title Nine maybe direetgd 't‘of
Gloria DeSole. Affirmative Action , -
Officer. AI) 344. " ' . _ ‘

PAGE runner  ‘

 

 

 

 

r
l
t
i

“W gnu.-

 

