 

 

 

by Tim bedwlth

' Consider this: r .

“You are one member of a group amounting
to well over four thousand people. All of the
members in this group share a very definite set
of common concerns and problems. You are
all students at the same university and most of
you live in the same four square mile area.
Even if you don’t live in that area. you are in
constant touch with the other members of the
group. both academically and socially. You
take the same buses. go to the same classes.
shop at the same supermarkets. frequent the
same bars. and share a whole range of
common experiences in the course of living
day to day.

Now consider this:

You l‘ourthousand people have beentold by
a spokesman for the university you attendthat
it b s no obligation to consider your needs.
Yourgroup hits the numbers. the leverage. and
the intelligence to be an effective political
lorce 7 both within the university and in the
community at large but at this point it is
politically amorpltous and unorganized.

ll you are an off campus SUNYA student.
the scenario above is far frotn hypothetical. It
is. in fact. a pretty acctirate appraisal of the
sit nation lacing all ol tis who have opted to live
in the Alhatty community. away from the
more insitlar entironnicnt on campus. The
lact is that tie comprise (net at third of the
university population and fill entire
neighborhoods (especially in the area
surrounding Alumni Quad). but as yet we are
politically shapcless attd aiittlcss. We are of
[our thousand distinct arid separate voices.
‘ rather than the sirtgle. unified shout we could
master as a cooperatite tittit.

lhe reality ol the sit tuition is. nfcourse. that
students are transitory tenants. to say the
lettst. l‘ew ol its remain olfeatnpus in Albany
tor more than two or three years. and people
tend to switch neighborhoods at least once
during that period. llut. for whatever span of
time we choose to remain in this city. and
despite any elitist notions we may harbor. the
lttct remains that we are members ol'tlte local
community iii a wry real sense.

What Is really missing for oll conipus
students llL‘I'L' is a genuine sense til'eommunit y.

Willi iltc similar acadciitic. social. and

. economic eonerns we all experience. daily
should come a feeling of belonging and ,

common interest. And. that concern should
provide an impetus for organization. to give us
an effective. active role in making the
decisions that affect our lives

both university wide and city wide.

Right now. there is every reason for such

organiuttion to develop and ﬂourish, and for a
true off campus community to take form. The
Off Campus Association. a young and
growing student funded group. has begun
work this year on several plans aimed toward
the formation of a community of students in
the Albany area. These OCA projects are also
geared toward sensitizing students to the very.
real problems and issues that confront them as
members of the local community. Short term
plans include an extensive survey measuring,
among other things. the rate of compliance to
Albany‘s new Certificate of Occupancy
ordinance. as well us'a bi-wcckly newsletter
addressing itself exclusively to the off campus
community. OCA‘s long range objectives
include the formation ofst udents renting from
the same negligent or irresponsible landlords.
and increased cooperation with the various
well established neighborhood associations in
Albany. Hopefully. these efforts will result in
an increased awareness of the off campus
student‘s perspective on the part of both city
arid university officials.

It the administration continues todisrcgard
the needs of students living off campus
(witness the impending. administration
backed CUIA takeover and the Country
Squire rip-off). then we will simply have to
organi/e ourselves into a community of
interest to be reckoned with. And the same
holds true with respect to our role in the local
community. governed as it is by an obsolete
political machine that is unresponsive even to
the desperate needs of many of its own
inhabitants. no less to the problems facing
what it sees as a powerless. transitory mass of
non-voting students. If we can develop a sense
of caring about and cooperating with each
other which is really what a community is
all about the battle is half won. No
bureaucracy including the university and
the city of Albany can Iortg ignore the
ellorts ol genuinely concerned people working
together. and that is what OCA ideally cart be.

 

 

 

 

ATTHGT g"

$

HA9 Chosen,
A HOUUfAtkl.

 

 

 

'- smith dispute:

who’s
biased

To the Editor:

The article entitled. “Ted Smith: Coming
Down on the Media". exempliﬁes one of the
major points Professor Smith has continually
emphasized throughout the semester — the
fact that. to a great extent. the Media is
responsible for shaping a large portion of what
we view as reality. Ratherthan beinga reality.
the article of Oct. 7 is. in fact, the viewpoint of
just a handful ofthe several hundred students
now enrolled in the class.

In an effort to obtain student feedback in
regard to the article. "fed Smith posed this
question to the class: “Have I unfairly slanted
or politicized the Media to the extent that
people are turning off and shutting their
books?"

'l'en seconds were allotted for thought on
tltc question. The consensus of the class could
be felt and heard within that time. When a vote
was finally taken. only a handful showed their
hands in favor of the content of that article.

In conclusion. we would like to make clear
the fact that we fully respect those opinions
expressed in the article that we refer to.
However. we would like to make the
university population aware that this was. in
laet. onlythe opinion ol'tliat small percentage.

Sheryl Rubloff
Julic Kastell

unfair
slant

To the Editor:

As an RCO major attd Journalism Minor. l
cringed as I read Anita Nardclla-Schiriilli‘s
article. "'l'ed Smith: Coming Down on the
Media."

'lhe editors appropriately placed the
opinionated article in ASI’ecIs. The
October 7th cover ol .ItSl’ct'Is pictured a
balloon with the caption “ittllated spirits." and
Ms. Sliirali's spirits about 'fed Smith are

 

FEIFFER

stircly inflated.
I too not a media freak. llllth taken over 18

credits of media courses in my college career

sol know when a professor‘s ‘bullshitting‘ and
When he‘s not. Presently i am involved in an
independent study on mass communication
and my sponsor is one of the best professor’s
I've ever had. He probes my feelings,
motivates my goals. and discussed media
events with high regard. His name is red
Smith. '

I didn‘t know Ms. Shirali was wordly
enough to know what college educated New
Yorkers felt about the media. If Smith was to
come down hard onthc media. I fail loscc why
this makes him a bad teacher.

The woman who wanted to get out of the
RCO Department after Smith's first lecture is
one person. I would love to compare the
statistics of major changes within the RCO
Department with those ofCHEM |2| or lilo
lot.

The students I know in RCO 238 lecl the
course material is interesting and find the
professor stimulating. lfso many people in I lit
class are disgusted enough to close their
notebooks 20 minutes after class begins as Ms.
Shirali claims. then why do 200 students shott
up to every class? Somewhere there Is a
discrepance. lf l'cd Smith's conservatitc lttils
causes him to be ineffective. then I stlpptisetl
follows that Ms. Shirali‘s bias against Dr
Smith renders her article ineffcelite too.

lulte llall

above
drivel

To the Editor:

In response to your article of Oct. 7' " leti
Smith: Coming Down onthc Media“. | \liilllti
like to express my opinion. I’m itt |.( J on
Mondays. Wednesdays. and Fridays :tl It)
O'clock. My notebook stays open. them Inn)
indeed be notebooks closing. but they stem. in
all likelihood. from Jets fans. Anyone a ho ls
there to learn keeps his notebook open.
because there's a lot of learning going on
Certainly there's controversy: that‘s \tliat
learning is all about.

As far as safe bets go. I am nettltt-t .t
Journalism student nor an R(.‘() Majot I‘m
in the course because the media are a big pail
of my life. and I want to know more about
them. ’lcd Smith certainly satisfies that

led Smith‘s conservative bias creates wine
agitation. bill the author has llllhl'L‘plL‘st'tilt'tl

 

 

 

 

I
ill
I

U 89
. So

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

