 
   

 
 

-  Hm

 

 

l.
l.
l

 

 

 he: Has Landed
:A ﬁlm directed .by John Siurdges:
produced by’Jar-k Wiener and David

Niven In: starring Michael Caine.
Donald Sutherland and Robert Duvall
Color: [25 minutes '

Ily ED ROTQNDARO

Sir Lew Grade’s'latest film, The Eagle
has Lam/ed aSks a lot of its audience. it
wants us t’ocheer on a' group of German
Paratroopers who are sent to kidnap
Winston Churchill. 1t tries to make us
willingly-suspend our disbelief and treat
the events as il‘they really occurred. More
importantly. :it tries to compete with
Black Sunday as the suspense ﬁlm ofthe
year.

Despite these handicaps, Eagle
succeeds to a degree. Just as Day of the
Jackal tried to make us believe that De
Gaulle was going to be assassinated,
Eagle persuades us that the Germans tried
to kidnap Churchill and get away with it.
The reason for this is the excellent cast
and the good screenplay which work
.quite el'leelitely together.

Michael (‘aine heads an all-star cast,
and delivers a taut performance. Cast as

Colonel Steiner. an Anglo-German who
speaks perfect English, Caine plays his
,anti-hero role well. We immediately
sympathize with him and his men who try
to save a young Jewish girl from the Secret
Service in Warsaw. This act of
disobedience places Caine‘s unit on a
Gestapo prison island from where they
are chosen for the very suicidal mission of
kidnapping Churchill. This mission is the
plan of Heinrich Himmler, who is
sinistcrly portrayed by Donald
Pleasance. .

Admiral Canaris (Anthony Quayle)
and his associate Colonel Radl (Robert
Duvall) are forced to plan a mission
which they both know is worthless. It‘s
I943 and everyone except for Hitler
realizes the war has been lost. To aid the
parachutists. Radl enlists the IRA exile
Liam Devlin who is superbly played by
Donald Sutherland.

Devlin lands in England a few weeks
ahead 01 the Nazis and meets Molly
(Jenny Agutleri. a pretty village girl with
whom he lalls in love. muchtoo rapidly, I
may add. Sutherland's portrayal of the
devil-may-eare Irishman provides some
of the lilm's lighter moments. including
his beating up the town bully with

1

 

BASlcngST

MAX Sci-lLlNG

FLY A GEUMMAN
T122518 TGERQFR)532
Eiggi‘i‘rkas' “’fw' '32
AﬂMaék/zsltenosREveuluqs

 

 

57 Fuller Rd.

National
Passion

Last 2 Nights
Friday&
Saturday

HAPPY HOUR
9—10 pm Fri. & Sat.
$.50 mixed drinks
$.50 draft Heine/tin
N0 Dress Code
Open Mon-Sal 8:30

Rembrandt's Cellar Pub

 

482-8l 00

1f

 

 

 

12:30 pm

pm

 

 

 

Planning to Withdraw from the
University at the End of the Spring
Semester

If you are not going to return to Albany next semester or are

uncertain. members ofthe Ofﬁce ofthe Dean ofStudent Affairs

staff will be available to discuss the possible alternatives
available to you at the lunchtime hours outlined below:

Indian Quad - Flagroom, Monday, May 2nd, 1 1:30 am to 12:30
pm

Colonial Quad ~ Flagroom, Wednesday, May 4th, 11:30 am to
State Quad - Flagroom, Thursday, May 5th, 11:30 am to 12:30

to
Butch Quad - Flagroom, Friday. May 6th, 11:30 am to 12:30

Also, on May 9. 10, and l 1 (Monday - Wednesday) staffwill be
available in the Off-campus Student Lounge of the Campus
Center from 11:30 am to 12:30 pm.

 

 

J .

 

 

 

Li
nan rut

Since you reel
in love with

Since you logo on
were in a theatre
and thought you were

 

 

 
   
    
 
     
    

sauW‘

 

 

ridiculous’ease.

Cainc and his boys land and
masquerade as Free Polish paratroopers
on maneuvers and completely fool the
trusting English of the seacoast village
where Churchill is spending the weekend.
But the Nazis are discovered by accident
and a nearby company of American
Rangers rushes to the rescue. Lead by
their incompetent commander.
humorously played by Larry Hagman,
the first group of Americans is
slaughtered. Unfortunately for the
Germans. the next group of Americans
surround the village church where they
are holed up and demand that they release
the villagers and surrender. Caine. a
gentleman to the end, refuses to use the
villagers as hostages, and releases them.
The stage is set 101' a predictably violent
climax that doesn't need detailing.

    

in somepne else’s life.

it’s been
too long see...
"islands in

The Stream".

Paramount Pictures Presents

George C. Scott

A Franklin 1. Schoffner Film

“Islands in the Stream”
A Bart/Polevsky Production

David Hemmings Gilbert Roland

and Claire Bloom
Based Upon the Novel 0y Efﬁe“ Hemingway Screenplay 0y Dean no" Petltdefc
moms By Peter Bart and Max Polevslry Directed By Franklin J. Scholfner
Mosrr   Services By Connaught Productions Ponovrson"
W Read the Bantam Paperback

Also starring

 

  
   
  

The movie is well-acted and fast-paced,
but it has several llaWs. One is the rather
inconsistent accents of the characters.
Duvall speaks with a good German
accent. Quayle and Pleas'anee, both of
whom play German officers, speak with
noticeable English accents. This is
repeated by many ofthe minoreharacters
also. "

The ending. which I will not reveal at
this time. is rather weak for such an action
flick. One is left with the feeling that the
director didn't know how to cap off the
battle scene with a suitable ending. Jack
Higgins‘ novel certainly ended better.

Despite these llaws, The Eagle Has
Lam/ed is good entertainment and well
worth the price ol'ad mission. It won‘t win
any awards. but it will keep your interest.
It may even change your attitude toward
war movies in general.

 

 

In Color A Paramount Picture

_ STARTS TODAY AT THESE DELUXE CINEMAS!

CINE 1-2.;9-45—6

Normth MALL

( (11,0le 4‘19 8300

ALBANY STUDENT Pause,

MOHAWK MALL”

[SALl IUWN HUAI)
Ht Hl‘NH lAl‘Jr I‘ll lr'l) l'ii’lr

   

 

J

APRIL 29. 1977

 

  
  



 

 

  

Little Man

'By BRIAN OROL

1 had been in Albany State three short weeks and the
only knowledge 1 had about the famous tunnels was
stories which had been imparted to me. Some of the
stories were wild, but all of them expressed the same
three ideas: The tunnels connected all the buildings on
the podium and the lecture centers, there were two
types of tunnels, white and gray, the tunnels
were locked from the inside at 5:00 pm. It was raining
outside so I ﬁgured I would go through the tunnels on
my way to the campus center. That decision was, as 1
later found out, to start me on the greatest adventure of
my life".

1 left my room at 4:00 pm. As 1 walked out 1 saw the
elevator open on the ﬁfteenth ﬂoor. This was rather
strange as the elevator only stops on even floors. 1,
therefore, was expecting a rather strange afternoon.
The elevator reached the lobby and 1 got out and
walked from the tower toward the podium. lentered
the Social Science building and went down to the
basement, found the tunnel entrance and went in.

I noticed thick pipes lined the gray walls, and there
were little carts, similar to golf carts, at certain
intervals inside the tunnel. Also, there were
maintainance men in thetunnel accomplishing various
tasks such as making deliveries in the carts. ’

After walking to the corner and making a turn I
came to afork in the road. lchose the downhill slope as
it appeared to be leading in the direction ofthe campus
center. However, the slope seemed to be leading
nowhere, so I decided to retrace my steps, or so 1
thought. 1 hadn‘t remembered openinga door, and yet
it was the only way out ofthe slope. This door once
opened put me in the white tunnels.

The white tunnel was much skinnier than the gray
tunnel and had red floors and white walls, the ceilings 1
do not recall. It seemed to me this tunnel was directly
under the campus center, all I needed was to ﬁnd an
exit. Ah. a door, but it was locked. I walked farther
down a second door, also locked! I realized that I had
to keep my cool and check other doors. However, in
either direction as far as 1 could see was white walls
with little lights on them, but no doors! I stayed calm
and started walking towards one end. After what
seemed an eternity 1 finally reached a door. it opened
and l sighed a short-lived relief, for up one ﬂight of
stairs was another door. 1 ﬂew up the stairs and
slammed my foot into the bar on the door onlyto have
it whip open and have myself go flying out ofthe white
tunnel. Now, instead of being in the campus center, 1
was in total darkness and had no idea as to my
whereabouts.

Was this a third tunncl no one had mentioned to me.
a forbidden tunnel? Slowly my eyes adjusted to the
darkness and I thought 1 saw vending machines all
around me along with little men sitting around eating
and chatting. This must be a dream. and a scary one at
that, I hoped. At that time I looked at my

llorescent watch. the time was 5:10 pm. Not only was it
not a dream, but 1 was stuck here for the night too. I felt
something tap my shoe, and cautiously turned and saw
a little man, maybe six inches tall. He offered me an

 

UPS/ DIONNlE BUCHMAN

“Once upon a time a little man got stuck In a vending
machine by accident...and came out Instead at land
when someone put to a quarter."

APRIL 29, 1977

apple pie from one of the vending machines. 1
graciously accepted it along with a container of milk,
also from one of the machines. Soon l relaxed, and
after introducing myself I asked the ﬁrst little man, the
one who had offered me the refreshments, “Where was
1?" and “Who are you?" The answer 1 received was
absolutely incredible, yet true!

The little man, Quartarius, with his friends and
family, asked me ifl had ever heard ofthe myth about
the little men. After appearing puzzled for a minute 1
responded in the afﬁrmative. They were inside vending
machines and gave out the change, the food, etc. Their
response depended on your action therefore it was to
your advantage to be nice, or so 1 had once been told by
my father. My friend Quartarius seemed excited at my
telling what I knew about him and his people. He
explained how it all started:

Once Upon a Time a little man got stuck in a vending
machine by accident, (how exactly be got stuck was a
tale never told), and came out instead of food when
someone put in a quarter. The little man Quartarius‘
great—grcat-great-grcat-great grandfather, Pater,
bargained for his life by promising to return the
vendee‘s quaner if he was placed back into the
machine. This was done and the first little man in a
vending machine was busy at work.

Since that time certain customs have evolved based
on Paters‘ example. if a person was orderly Pater
would always make sure that their order and correct
change, if any. came out of the machine. lfthe person
was exceptionally nice or friendly and Pater was happy
he might even give them extra change, or an extra
order. However, Pater also instituted a system of
penalty charges. That is. when someone kicked the

“it was raining outside sol ilguredl would gothrough thotunnofoon my wnyio the Compile Center.
That decision was, no I later tound out, to‘etart me on the greatest adventure of my lilo." ‘

 

tin/name mm

machine, or cussed it, or banged it hard, Pater was
shaken up and he would not give the person their
order. In this way a balance was kept so the company
who owned the vending machine would never be short-
changed. This process, Quartarius continued. has been
followed for eight generations and the reason f or. all the
little men down here was that they worked in machines
that were presently being repaired. Now they were
getting a vacation.

Quartarius then gave a brief history of their jobs
before Pater discovered the vending machine line.
Previously the most popularjob was running along a
turntable making surethe record on it turned at the
right speed. That job was soon lost to automation
when someone invented the reject mechanism on all
phonographs today. Next they used to wind tape onto
rolls but this causedthemto become too dizzy. Then
Pater accidentally fell in to the vending machine job
which offered many possibilities. especially since the
little men needed a new line of work.

After hearing this incredible yet true tale lexplained
my predicament. Quartarius showed me where 1 could
sleep for the night and in the morning] said goodbye to
my new friends and left through an exit that was
pointed out to me.

That night is one experience I will never forget. Now
that 1 know the little man myth is true it makes me
wonder how many other childhood myths are truths in
reality. 1 miss Quartarius but 1 am reminded of him
everytime I see a vending machine and show my respect .
for him by being patient and kind always, not only
when i am dealing with vending machines, but at all
times. I never know when another Quartarius might be
watching and effecting my life insome unknown way.

 

at». - x...

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

He stood and applauded tor more than two solid minutes. walling tor the comedian to
come back for an encore. The stage remained empty. "Hey. he was pretty good," he said
to no one in particular. As the spotlight shone on him. he and the root oi the audience
realized that he was the one being awaited. (Tho silly headpiece Ih‘ould have given him
away sooner.) He felt that the Page Hall audience had not yet recloved $1.50 worth ot
letting, banjo picking. and luggllng, and circulated amongst the crowd giving backruba as
compensation. Alter tour or live phony goodnighte, he admitted. "I really shouldn't be
here. i have a tell tomorrow." And with that, Steve Mortln exited through the side door,
L leaving the Tuesday night's audience Just a bit nnior than they were earlier.

' j

 

UPS/MAN lEiClt

 

 

J4

Page; 7.4 ‘

 

 

   

 

