 

 

 

 

on thattlieylcarne down

, rd o‘n‘ ’; Jamey (Newhailii is

. because of'ume.” said’fitiperman; “In
the eyes of the dorm.) am the hall‘s
Charles Manson. They really and
truly think I have some kind of con-

troI ever them. Pm” and the other _
guys in th'e'hall amleor l9. and lam -
supposed'to have this influence over . ' ’

. them)! _

‘_ Kuperriian-‘said that the thII .
, members. begunto be harrassed-.byf-‘.
“both Residence _."and' 'Uiiiversity 
. Police officials. due t‘othe'hall.'and ,
' , particularly Kuperm'an.,- being.
suspected of causing thefwitvejoi’. lire ,-

alarms and. bomb ' scares that
centered tiround Waterbury. " 

. ’fl was asieep. when about four in'.
the morning I'm woken. up‘by these?.‘

three security guards knocking on

my door.">said Kuperman. “They

ask me it.l'm Rtibcrtdlnﬁ'upcrman and

' scare. he would ,know‘who .did
Kuperman added.” hadn‘trealiz-v
'. ed that yttire'vzi'uirit‘
Department‘s] iri'ethods‘ha become-'3 I
" ' said thatthe matter. has been referred ‘
,to the Officeof' Student Affairs. and."

is‘inthe hands of Assistant Dean f'or'-'_.. . ,. I _
‘ ' ‘ a journey will take» Caner on to Geneva. Switzerland. where he will meet with

I to’ speak tom

a re bar'was phoned earlier,

' 8 s , .
“‘I‘heytake me down to the dorm '

office. and there‘s the quad coor-
dinator. the dorm director. the assis-
tant dorm * director. One of the
guards said that'they‘had received an.

anonymous .-.note saying that if

Kuper'man didn't pull’ the bomb

- ‘S'al‘ety

. 2 .

:sb sophisticatedi‘ th’ relied

totally qn'hear‘s'ayrand ritr'n‘oi's for

their investigations . .

. '.At.'that' pointy; Superman states'
that‘ he was'aiiked ‘by‘lthé security
‘ ‘ guards if hewouldlik'cto'comc up-3
‘ .town tosce the actor; ' '

"As we were driving upiowmone

.of them kept saying. ‘If you did‘it. or

if .you know an‘ytbing-Axl‘m’not try- -
ing to scare you. but you’rein‘alot of ~

trouble and unless'you havean awful

 

its ‘ 
.iil.ItI/du':. I I _ ;
5 - 7 PM'or while they last/r

 

 

 

 

 

'r') ‘ -rl'/

very special

A Keepsake diiiﬁto’nd
is the perfect symbol of
the Ioveyouvsbarc . . .
guaranteed perfect -.
permanently registered
protected against loss.

,Colonie Center

I (Up rLevel)
_ 45-6714

 G‘vez‘somerhing ' ,

Charge Accounts Invited
Major Credit cards Accepted
 i ' Layaways Invited

VENTURA
ACCENT
HENDON

r

Mohawk Mint
374-3524

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘  I. y - .'
and probably thef'irst two I v
‘ will befaken‘awtlyitnm di elyr“

e , .
maintains hisi'nnocence.statingthat : 1

~the‘chief‘ witness against him. Alden *

Hall Director Jacqueline Bashkoff.
keeps changing her story every time

"he hears it.,

None of the residence directors

;'~"connected to the-incident would
"comment without permission from '

‘ihe'Residencethice, ~ r .
Residence Director John‘ Welly..-
‘Bfildi
’ meeting between France. Britain. the United States and West Germany to
discuss such'issues as Berlin and the spread of nuclear power. The six-day

Student Affairs Henry Kirchner.
' 'Kirch'ner. when questioned about
the incident. said “No comment."

.‘ While Kuperman is the- only“
vmember of the hall undergoing

possible suspension at the moment.
nine others were sent is bill for SI200
worth of damages. In addition. all
- nine statethat they have been the vic-
tims of harrassment by various of.
'Iicials.

“Security guards have been down
here at two. three o‘clock inthe mor-

‘ ning." said Scott Shaw. “When Uuy
, was in jail. the guards interviewed us

“and told us that he was in jail and

I- said he was talking."

They came in one time.“ said

'_ .Ncwhall.. “and showed us warrant
‘ papers that hadn‘t been signed. and

said that they were coming back to

-~arrcst us.“

University police investigator
John Hayncr denies the charge of
harrassment.

“‘l he only warrant issUcd was the
oitc for Kupcrmttn‘s arrest." said
I-Iayncr. "Any other use of a warrant
and you're using tlic‘iaw as u vendet-
tti. [Albany County Judge John]
'chgan wouldﬂmryow something
like that right out of court."

I he SIlldCIllb'I}l\'t)l\Htl}|ljt:,ﬁ..lillllc)'
l\cwhttl|2 Scott Show; Izugcttctlppo:
.loltrt .l’tilabricu; Marc Ruditick:
.ioltn Kindig: lodd Dans: loiii
Saguclh; .Ittck' Sciiwtirt/bnclt.
_

CORRECTION

In the lticsdii). Mn) .Iissuc oi the
.:|.\’/’ II hits incorrectly \ltllL‘tl that
More liciicckc lllttl bcctt c\pcl|cd
from SIINYA. Iicncckc presently
i‘ctlinins suspcndctl. pending his rc-
.ipp|icitttitlt its il sttltlcttt.

NOTICE
Il‘tnt' ill't' //:t' ru/mt'litig lflllt‘.\ fur
r/i'grt'c iti/ir/i‘r/ti/tn‘ t‘tIIIlIIIt‘Ht't'IIlt‘lll.‘
hit the Doctoral: IIA. l)l'/\. lilll).
I‘III). report to. the Men's lockcr
' room in the Physical liditcation
litnldiiig In tictitlcntic'costutnc. but
carrying the hood. Report here in
good weather or rainy weather by
l3:.l0 pm. Sunday May 2‘).
Other tlcgrcc candidates should
I‘CPDI'I III ilCiIlIL'IIIIC C(ISIIIIIIL’ IIO IillCI'
titan 2l130 pm. Sunday. May 29.10
cottttttcttccmcttt marshalls tn areas
marked by roadway signs reading:
MA. MBA. MLS. Ml'A. MSW. on
service road between Indian Quad
and Physical lidncution Building.

IIA - also on service road between
Indian (Mud and Physical Education
Building.

Univ. Certil.: MS; on service road
between Dutch Quad and Physical
Education Building.

BS w also on service road between
Dutch Quad and Physical Education
Building.

. In case of definitely rainy weather.
.ali degree candidates (except doc-
toral) are to report in academic
costume to the gymnasium where
they will be seated as they arrive.

Faculty should report in academic
costume not later than 12:30 pm.
May 29 in lobby of PE building. rain
or shine.

Cortorilogfns Journey tor summitry Meetings

r WASHINGTON'tAP) President Carter set out Thursday on his ﬁrst Venture

ininternstional summitry. ameetingof seven of the world's richest nations
which 'a're'discu‘ssing how to stay that way. Carter's trip overseas to Ureai
‘ n'. wheres genealogist says the President has his roots—also includes it

Syrian'.Preside'nt Hafez Assad to talk about Carter‘s efforts to convene a
GenevaConference on the Middle East. From Geneva. Carter will return to
Landon for a'rrieeting of foreign ministers in the North Atlantic Treaty
Orhnization to discuss arms sales. standardization of weapons and N A’l‘t)‘s

I ability to'defend' Western Europe.
Illoynlhan tn Favor of Welfare Reform

WASHINGTON (AP) Sen. Daniel Patrick Moynihan said the time was ripe
for a comprehensive overhaul of the country‘s welfare system. Moynihan
told HEW Secretary Joseph Calif'ano at a hearing of the Senate Iinttncc
subcommittee that the time had been ripe in I969 and I970 for welltirc
reform. yet it was not done. He recalled a I970 speech where he predicted
“that if welfare reform is not enacted this year it will not be enacted in this
decade.“ Moynihan said he hopedthis would not be the case but he said as the
Carter administration delays shaping a specific program for reform there is

the risk of'an attitude taking hold that “this is the beginning ofsomething we

cannot do-éthat this society is not capable of. that you can‘t get there front
here.“ '

Anti-abortion Blll Passed into Law

BOSTON (AP) GOV. Michael S. Dukakis. ref'usingto approve what had bccn
described as an anti<abortion bill. allowed it to become law Thursday
without his signature. The bill requires the governor to proclaim OCtobcr to
“Pro-Life Month". calling attention "to the importance of every stagt- of
human life." Rep. Charles R. Doyle. D-Hoston. an activist in thc pftl-lIlL'
anti-abortion movement. The bill had sailed through the House. with onlt
hricl opposition l but focused on technical aspects ol'the measure rind \ttl h it»
anti-abortion OhJCCIIV‘L' cnipliasi/cd by supporters. The governor dcclittctl to
sign it. according to Alan Raymond. his press secretary. because "it mo Iltvl
clear whct her it was pro-life or anti-abortion.“ Raymond said the gotci lliIl
favors lilc bill also "the rtgltt of a woman to choose wlict her or not shc \irll‘rl

illl abortion." Ilc said tltc governor Iclt fltc bill was "vague."

Poston to be Nominated for CVC

WASHINGTON (AP) Iirsii I’oston. ti member ol'the New York Stritc ( 'n rt
Scr\‘lcc Commission. will be nominated ust't ntctnbcr ol'thc l|.S. Cit it Mr \ rt 4.
Commission by President Carter. tltc White Houscaitnounced. Mrs. l’mrorr
has field a variety of positions in New York. including being president of tin
state agency during tltc administration of Governors RockclclIt-r .2an
“’IIMIII. At that tune. she was one of tire highest ranking blocks in lltc \i.rt.
go\crninciit. Ilci‘ term on the commission continued during thc (.il.‘
iltllllllllSll'illlllIl. but the Democratic governor named a new cliiiirrnnri Sh
rcccivcd tlic National Aclticycmcnt Alitlt‘tl of the National Awrcizttron rt
Negro Iiusincss and Professional Clubs in I‘)b7.

Marino to Investigate Work-Release Program
ALBANY. N.Y.(Al'l A keylegislatortltrctttcttcd l'lttirstinytosliiit tllt\\li|l
state prison syxlcnt's work-rclcrtsc pl‘tlgl’lllll. protesting tt rash of «'2':
tillcgcdly committed by intniitcsfrcctl dtiringthc titty. Sen, Ralph \I.rr in“ I!
Nassau. said he \tottld Iiold tip passage of legislation toc\tcnd the pi out i‘
lllllll Ili.‘ holds licnrings to "thoroughly renew the program‘s lt.ii‘l» It I 
Unless legislation is passed cut-riding the program. II \\III c\pirr- on \« pi i
As sponsor of thc ckfcnston bill and cliittrmttn oi the Sciatic ('oututlllt
('riinc illltI ('orrcction. Mnriiio has \irtuttlly unlimited PUWCl' to bkl‘ll iI Iv i»
passing. "In recent days. ttiiltzilcs oti lcttlpi'tt'nry I’Clcttsc haw courtan «1
crimes resulting in serious injurtcsuitd ll death." said Milllllt). "( IlrIIIl'i » an
lime to be made before we will rubber-stamp the existing prtigtrttti

Injunction Blocks Social Service Regulation
ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) A federal court injunction has blocked thr- in
administration Irotn cutting llorttc Rclicf \vclttirc recipients olf lllt' tullx
without it hearing it they fail to show tip for public service jobs. the hind
court decisions will lutvc an Impact on ltow much money Will be sated In Ila
state‘s new law rcqutring crnploytiblc Ilomc Relief clients to work oli flit‘ll
grunts Willi three days of labor ti wcck. Uov. llugh Carey's Social Scrum
Department changed the regulations early this year. RCCIPICIIIS rouhl
continuc getting and payments until a hearing officer found flint they had IfI
tact vroltttcd the rules by not accepting employment. before tltc tit-u
regulation went into cllcct.

Allstate to Raise insurance Rates

{\LIMNY. N.Y.(AI’) The company which writes the largest truth her of NIH“
insurance policies in New York State has been granted a l3.7 per cent I-Ilc
increase. and other companies may get similar hikes soon. lhe sI-tlr
insurance Department said Monday it httd granted the increase lo Allsfiifc
Insurance Co.. which covers some 830.000 motorists. effective Saturdrit
liitriier this year. Allstate raised its rates by an average of 24.6 per cent, but
withdrew the increase under pressure from the insurance Department and
agreed to state. review of its rate-hike plans. Similar requests are pertduts
front other companies which also pushed through rate increases and then
took thembttck. The department said the i3.7 per cent incrcaSe was-Justifch
by increasing costs of claims under the policies Allstate writes”

 

PAGE mo

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

1

MAY 6. 1977

 

 

»

 

 Senior  -~

"'1 A! MOON It?

Sutton speaking at graduation'migin appear too “Mﬁhochoollah”.
according to Assistant to the President J. Frodertckl Volkwein. "

Recombinant DNA Forums Find Few Answers

by Jonathan Hodges

In a matter of weeks. SUNYA's
biology department will begin con-
ductingcxperimcnts utilizingrecom-
b’inant DNA techniques. Yet
questions concerning
the extent of the un-
iversity's commitment
to this research are
now being asked by many students
ind members of the Albany com-
munity.

During the last week. two forums
were conducted. Oitc. sponsored by
SUNYA. allowed the biology
department to present recombinant
DNA in a positive light. the other.
funded by Speaker's forum and the
Student Assocration. brought op«
poncnts from outside of the universi-
ty community to deal wrth bot It the
selenttllc and soctal aspects oi the
subject.

Whilc It is questionable whether
the forums were instrumental in
moving anyone on the subject. it is
impossible to deny that it did show
that people are deeply interested in
the subject. and that many want to
have a part III deciding to what ex-
tent SUNYA becomes involved with
gctictic engineering.

that SUNYA has already made a
serious commitment to DNA
research is undeniable. Leonard Lcr-
man. the biology department chair-
man. was brought to this university
last fall. He had come with a
background that. included cx-
pci‘ience Wllll geitc splicingl’ivc years
ago.

David Holmes. another biology
staff member. is also new to
SUNYA. Wltilc be has had limited

News

Analysis

experience directly with recombi-
nant DNA. Holmes Wits recruited
from Cal'l'cch (a front runner in
genetic engineering research) with
the implied condition that he would
be allowed to conduct experiments
using gene-splicing techniques.

SUNYA Biology Professor
Richard Litomcr is currently being
funded by it two ycar 580.000 grant
from the National Science Founda-
tion. The grant was issued under me
assumption that /.itomcr would be
able to use recombinant DNA
research techniques.

With this kind of commitment
already made by SUNYA. it is
almost impossible for one to
visualirc a set of circumstances that
would halt the use of a research
method that is expected to prodticc
synthetic insulin. cattle disease vac-
cines. and enable plants to manufac-
turc their own nitrogen fertilizer
troin the air.

'I'hcrclorc. many people were ex-
pecting too much from the bio
department‘s iorutit last I'hursday
night. Instead oi dcbtitingthc merits
of recombinant DNA. the bulk of
the evening was spent explaining
what the technique entailed. and
how people have an exaggerated no-
tion of the danger involved.

In contrast. Wednesday's forum
dealt not only with the problems of
containment. but with a fundamen-
tal problem that has yet to be
resolved- what kind of risks can
science takc Without asking for
soctcty‘s input'.’

One aspect of that question has
come down to SUNYA‘s Icvcl. Ac-
cording to I‘rttnctnc Simring. a

 

17" 0,:
V0 ’54

 

5 5 / “(M553
F
"’6 cwé‘VVﬂesrmr’?

Ir 3AM

 

013,25.

 

The Assessment of Courses and Teachers (ACT) Program. a SUNYA
Institution of sorts. will be deconttnuod because "no one was

UPS/[OI WONG

interested In running It." said ACT coordinator David Phillips.

MAY 6. 1977

by Matthew Cox.

The Class of ‘77 will not have a
student speaker at this year's graduaA
tion as a result of a decision made by
the committee in charge of_com-
mencement arrangements. Class of

“77 President Cheryl Schneider. the

only student on the committee. said
that she was not consulted beforethe
decision was reached. ‘ f

The committee. in an effort to
shorten this year’s ceremony. “has
decided. among otherthings. to omit
a student speaker this year." accor-

‘ding to Assistant to the President J.

Fredericks Volwcin.

Volkwein added that he “feels
badly“ that Schneider feels left out.
but explained that “nobody has
come in to talk about this. . . and
until this happens I think it‘s all

member of Friends of Earth and a
speaker at Wednesday‘s forum. this
campus has refused to file an en-
vironmcntal impact statement.

At the biology department‘s
forum. Lerman stated that he would
not file a statement unless advised to
do so by SUNY‘s legal office.

Low level research is scheduled to
begin almost immediately. A
minimum containment facility will
be'built this summer to allow higher
level research to be done tltis fall.

right to let the decision stand." Stu
dent speakers at commencement
have not been traditional at
SUNYA. he said. and the practice
could be perceived as being “high
schoolisb.”

“In view of the fact that; un~
dergraduates have Torch Night.
which is almost whollytheir affair. it I
seemed all right to forgo a student
speaker at graduation." Volkwein
said. .

V After attending commencement
planning committee meetings for a
few months this year. Schneider said
that "I stopped gettinginvitcd." She
laicr found out that meetings were
held without her. “It never occurred
to me that I wouldn‘t be contacted."
Schneider said. ‘
Schneider said the problems she's

' 'l'hrcc possible outcomes wait in the .

balance.
World-wide
cc ntcr for

recognition as a
recombinant

resting in the scale. - .
the creation of organisms t but are
found to be dangerous to either man
or his eco-systcm.
Limited experimentation that
‘. continues to create tension between
:SUNYA and tire surrounding com-
munity.

DNA:
research. with a‘possiblc Nobel: l‘rize

.Ieit tier: With the. thee-I.
“they want to' run the show.
c°".‘"‘°“°'."l°.mi bl". l9
ceremony will befstand up.
you're graduated.” .. -‘j V . I A g V
“This comes as a shock to' me." L
said Assistant Vice Presidentforf Un-
iversity ..All'itirs" Sorrell ,_ Chesin.‘

. "We've had a very difficultitiine‘con-

tacting her (Schneider). but she was
more than.welcome to join‘lthe
meetin a“ l . ' . '
Work onr‘planningthe commence-
ment 'itva's completed by the bom-

.mittee about two months ago.

Chesin said. and its most recent
meetings have dealt livith .sinall
matters. “I didn't feel she‘d be in
terested. It was not 'our intention to
bypass her.“ said Chesin. '

“I don‘t want anyone to make
decisions like that for me."
Schneider said. “I should be able to
make those decisions. I‘m president
of the senior class. I‘m a member of
that committee.” .

'I'hc tirst time a student iii-polite at

‘ graduation was two year'siago. An

invitation issued to the president .hf
the senior class that year by outgoitig
SUNYA' President-[Louis Benez'ét
“was a personal gesture.“ Chesin
said. Benezet and the students were
friends. he added. E
Last year‘s senior class president
also “spoke at -'~commenccment.
Clicsln'said. but it too was "a specipl
case and wasn‘t meant to'csttiblislya

‘- tradition.

NYPIRG Enforces Housing Code

by Anne Rube

“We're workinglor effective hous-
ing code_enforcement. which, we‘ve
found. tbere isn't much to speak of in
this city." said Hart Minsky.
Chairperson of NYI’IRU‘s 'I‘cnant-

Landlord Committee.

Part of the committee‘s work has
resulted in a publication entitled.
"Albany Tcnants' Guide to Basic
Rights". which explains how off-
campus students and Albany
residents can take steps to report a
housing code violation.

The pamphlet describes landlords‘
responsibilities to provide safe hous-
ing and tenants‘ rights to complain
upon landlord neglect. It also lists
steps tenants should take to report
unsafe conditions in order to get
them repaired and the procedures
followed by Albany's Code Enforce-
ntcni Bureau.

The committee has alsostartcd t he
only ongoing rc-itispection oi
Albany‘s housing code complaint
cases. Landlord‘s houses are re-
clteckcd by the committee following
inspection to insttrc thiit effective
code enforcement has taken place.

Although the ten person com-
mittee has been working on the pro-
ject most of the year. no results have
been obtained yet as to whether the
housing codes are enforced.

Department Defensive

“It‘s been a Iongcducation process
getting to understand how to deal
with the city and handle the
problem." said Minsky. “We've
found the Albany Code Enforce-
ment Department to be very defen-
sive. 'I hey answer questions. but not
liking it.“

Plans are to continue the project
through the summer and turn over

ACT Dies Again Due to
Lack of Student Interest

by Corinne Bernstein

The Assessment of Courses and
Teachers (AC'I') died this semester
because attack of student interest as
it was cut out of SA‘s budgct. accor-
dingto David Phillips. former AC‘I
Coordinator.

Phillips said. "ACI has no more
support. We had barely enough peo-
plc to work tables last semester and
very few classes participated.

“Half the people I spoke to didn't
know what AC] was.“ added
Phillips.

ACT. first published in the full of
I974. was an effort to tnuke SUNYA
a more responsive educational
school by providing student evalua-
tion information.

Former AC‘I‘ coordinator Brian
Shimkin said “teachers could tell
from AC'I‘ Itow students viewed
them and in what class format they
work best."

Although AC'l‘s budget. which

was between 355.000 and $6.000. was
reduced to about $|.0t)0 when
brought before Central Council
Budget Committee. this year. II was
voted dowrt. according to Phillips.

“Most of tire money we were ask-
ing for was to go to improvements.
but the problem was that no one was
interested in running it."

Phillips said that a few ol AC'l‘s
remaining staff members are trying
I0 Lll’l’illlgl: It) get computer [II'IIIIUUIH
ol the results of last semester's ACT
survey.

Brian Shimkin. whois in charge of
trying to arrange this project. said.
“Students would be responsible for
setting up the printout and give it to:
the faculty. who would give it out to
students in class. We need feedback
on this.but it doesn't look good. A
lot of faculty didn‘t want to par-
ticipate in ACT when it was solely
student run. A lot oftliemjurtf didn't
want to go to the trouble."

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

findings to tltc press. the city and the
Coalition for Code Enforcement.
NYPIRG is working along with the
Coalition for Code Enforcement. an
Albany organization comprised of
the United ’Icnants. neighborhood
groups and the League of Women
Voters.

Copies of the Tenant Rights
pamphlet can be obtained from
NYI’IRU‘s Campus Center Office.
Room 308. or by writing NYPIRG
Publications. One Columbia Place.
Albany. NY. I2207 and sending a
stamped. self-addressed envelope.

 

 

 

 

 

u'ew votnt PUILIC mvsaesr
arsenic» amour. me

 

 

 

PAG THREE

 

