i
.r
.‘i

_ ‘ on campuses around the country.
ll'doean't take a fortune teller or .

,. gypsy from Desolation Row to know
that'lhe next generation will Iind ’

 

 

,mrth-ﬁnldrnr ind perineum-tr
‘ V . is " being put back .inl
schools. as Dylan seminars spring up

Dylan's words bound'between Vik-
ing cloth covers. stacked 300 high in

‘ rid critics who were raised on Dylan

V determining what is of

h _ terary iilerit.”y not their erotchely
«~ teachers who rejected,“tbe youth‘s

. yoice of the sixties."

“Anyone who thinks Dylan is a
great poet has rocks in his head."
snorted a University of Vermont
English professor in I965, summing
up academia‘s attitude towards

'maverick teac rs were'quoting

Dylan’s words, mostly graduate in-
structors who led clandestine dis-
cussions in seedy coffeehousea. seek-
ing a respite from an outdated
curriculum of a stufny English
department. Or the draft' resisting
music teacher who almost lost his job
for goading seventh graders into a sec
rel verse of “Blowin' in the Wind."

CDTA May Green SW21 Buses

  
 

cominttgdfrorrr page V

to deal with the absorption of pre-
sent SUNYA bus drivers. In the
driver‘s contract with the State of
New York there is~a clause which
states that "There shall be no loss of
present jobs by permanent

employees as a result of the State‘s ,

exercise of its right to contract out
for goods and services."

“I don‘t know what kind of
arrangement could be worked out.“
said SUNYA Bus Dispatcher
Kenneth Wolven. whoalso serves on
the committee. "Both groups
[SUNYA and CDTA drivers] are
represented by different unions. the
CSEA [SUNYA] and the
Amalgamted Transportation
Workers [CDTA]?

According to Maui. there is
reason for skepticism about the
desire of SUNYA bus drivers tojoin
CDTA.

“We operate under a seniority

system.” explained Manz. “Any new

drivers would have to meet our stan-

dards and would have to wait until

there were openings. and they would

- probably have to start at the bottom
of the scale.”

Another concern mentioned in the
committee‘s letter to Manz. is the
breakdown of CDTA‘s total cost
ﬁgure of $325.00) to institute'the
proposal. \

“I don‘t see that there will be any
real problem with providingthe ser-
vice requested." said Munz. “There is
a real problem though. when break-
ing down the cost.“

“I don‘t know why." said SA Vice
President (iary Parker. “but when
we asked them Thursday for a com-
plete breakdown. they turned white.
To me it‘sjust good business sense to
demand a complete breakdown to
see if lhcrc is anything we don‘t need

that could reduce the price."
The committee also mentioned the
need for the availability of charter

 

from 5

Telephone hours for

457-3717.

 

CﬂN'l‘llACEP’l‘lVE curate

Clinic for new patients every Thursday evenlng
to 8pm at the Student HealthServlce.
Revisits and annual check-ups will be seen on
Tuesday evening from 5530 pm to 7:30 pm.
Supplies may be purchased at these clinics.

motion are Mon. thru Fri. 9:30 pm to 12:30 pm at

public service ad brought to you by the ASP

appointments and Infor-

 

 

 

MI "MIN-lot

M
Courses taught in both Hebrew and ngltsh.

college 5 articles and juniors.

C] strum mulls—lot college transfer students toward

BA and 85¢. degrees.

C] “MIMI! Stunts—Master's. Dostoral and Visiting

Graduate programs.

DWI CNS—given in English.

PLEASE CNECK DESIRED PROGRAM
._ _ _ — — — .— ——

L r «application and Information. write:

(three 6! Academic Affairs.

icon Friends iii The Hebrew University
II East 69 St.. Ite- Yotk. N.V.1002l- (21 “723813

Harte

 

Address

 

—NOICE—

The I976 Wage and Tax

521

Statements (Form W-2) for

Hourly Student Assistants and College Work Study Stu-

dent Assistants holding

CUI’I’C I'll appointments are

available in the Campus Center, Room I37. through

noon on January 27, I977

. Any statements remaining

after that date will be returned to the Payroll Ofﬁce and
mailed to the home address. Statements for students no

longer employed were mailed last week to the home ad-

ress.
The W-Z Statements

for University Personnel

(including Graduate Assistants and Fellows) are available
in their departments through January 26. I977 c.o.b. It is
requested that each employee pick up his or her statement
in the department prior to January 26. I977 c.o.b. Any.
statements remaining after that date will be returned to
the Payroll Office and mailed to the home address.

- blic service od brpcht to co b the ASP

PAGE TWO

 

.LBANY STUDENT PRESS

bus service as well as extended ser-
vice during examination week.

According to Parker. the com-
mittee has not dealt with the
problem of late night weekend buses.

“Right now SA is paying for four
CDTA bus runs on both Friday and
Saturday nights.“ explained Parker.
“I see no reason why this service

‘ could not be in the proposal. saving

the students SI800.“

Man: said that he had received the
committee's letter containing their
questions. Mam. said that CDTA
would respond within the next two
weeks.

According to Committee
Chairperson Robert Stierer. if the
committee does adopt a CDTA
proposal it would still have to be ap-
proved by a number of state and
SUNYA agencies includingthe Divi-
sion ofthc Budgcmhe State Depart-
ment ofAudit and Control.the State
Attorney General‘s office. SUNYA
Vice Chancellor for Finance and
Business. the SUNY Legal Counsel
Office. and the SUNY Vice
Chancellor for Personnel and Labor

1 Relations.

“It'll be months before there can
be any final implementation." said
Sticrer. “The absolute earliest would _
be next fall."

“Can we be sure that we‘re getting
what we really want?" questioned
DiMeo. “That seems to be the basic
concern of committee members.“

New Mission
continued from page one

within a field. Wider recognition is
necessary for attracting better quali-
ty students and faculty. but it is a by-
product of a quality institution. not
an objective in itself. respondents
said.

Immediate academic priorities are
dealt with in the first appendixtothe
statement. as are several educational
concerns seen as requiring prompt
attention:

. . . i! Lt important to identi/jrrlte
outcomes of a liberal education and
the tyros! appropriate means for al-
Ioining IlIUM‘ outcomes. . . II it im-
portant educationally that we
evaluate results . . .

The Special Committee to Review
the Undergraduate Experience is
due to report its findings in late Spr-
ing of this year. Any recommen-
dations from that group are certain
to have a strong effect on the mis-
sion. as are the three-year plans
presently being prepared by each
academic and administrative unit.

This version ofthe Mission State-
ment is “the opening essay in a plan-
ning process" for SUNYA. accor-
ding to I‘ields' prefacrng remarks.
'I he document will be reexamined as
three-year unit plans by individual
academic departments and com-
mittec reports come itt this semester.
and a yearly review by the Council
on Educational Policy will deter-
mtnc whether or not further ad-
justments in the university's mission
are necessary.

   
 

Radical Leftista Kldnap Top Mllltary Judge

MADRID, spun (AP) Kidn-v'w- seized Spain‘uop military judge
Monday and riot police routed leftist demonstratorsin street battles that
killed one Woman student and injured eight other persons. ofﬁcials said. The

_ spiraling violence threatened this country‘s delicate political balance. Four

gunmen abducted Lt. Gen. Emilie Villaescusa, president of the Supreme
Court of Military Justice, as he left his downtown apartment for his office
Monday morning. the army said. The kidnappers drove off with the 64-year-
old army general in his own car. The newspaper Diarlo I6 said radical leftists
telephonedrthe paper and claimed responsibility for the abduction. Policc
said one of the kidnappers was identified as a member of a radical group.

Brlllsh Attempts for Peace Fall In Rhodesla

SALISBURY. Rhodesia (AP) Britain‘s shuttle diplomacy to achetvc a
settlement between Rbodesia‘s white minority and the black majority failed
on Monday. Prime Minister Ian‘Smith rejected British proposals for a
transition government leading to black rule in M months and told
Rhodesians he did so because they allowed for immediate control of the
country We “Marxist indoctrinated minority.“ One black nationalist group
immediately accused Smith of “opting for war." British Foreign Secretary
Anthony Crosland warned that southern Africa faces “calamitous
consequences." Smith‘s action appeared to doom chances of a return to thc
deadlocked Geneva conference. convened in November on the initiative of
former US. Secretary of State Henry A. Kissinger to seek agreement on the
transfer of rule from the white minority to the black majorityin Rhodesia.

u.s.s.n. Answers Nuclear Test Ban Proposal
WASHINGTON (AP) President Carter says the Soviet Union has sent an
“encouraging” response to his proposal to ban all testing ofnuclcar weapons
as a first step toward dismantlingthe world‘s atomic arsenal. "I am in favor ol
eliminating the testing of all nuclear devices. instantly and completely."
Carter said in his first interview since becoming the nation's chief executive.
He said the Soviet Union has made no commitment on his proposal. adding
that he does not know what conditions Moscow might place on a
comprehensive test ban. Without going into details he said. “They have sent
an encouraging message back."

No Rate central for Insurance Companies

ALBANY. NY. (AP) The Assembly voted Monday to delay the granting of
new powers to insurance companies to set their own rates for automobile
insurance. which has gone up sharply in price over the past year. A bill
passed without debate or dissent would extend the power of the Insurance
Department to review auto insurance reates. which is now dueto expire Feb.
I. through the end of the year. Sponsors of the measure.which was sent to
the Senate. said it was needed to prevent big rate increases in the current.
“tight” market for auto insurance. Its enactment. they said. was needed to
give the legislature time to review the recent increases in rates under the
state‘s three-ycar-old no—fault automobile insurance law. Senate approval of
the measure before the Feb. I deadline seemed assured.

Military Personnel Draining Taxpayers Pockets
WASHINGTON (AP) More than l4l.000 retired/military men and women.
given the opportunity for a second career by their pension system. haw taken
a new job with their old employer Athc U.S. government, Under the
military‘s pension system. those rctirecs about half in their late 30s and
early 40s- can legally receive both full pension checks and full pay lot their
civilian lederul jobs. Because military personnel can retire with a pctlslull
alter 20 years ol service regardless of age, they can start new careers and start
earning new pensions. The cost to taxpayers of pensions and salary for the
l4|.0ll0 military retirees in civilian federal jobs-is $2.8 billion a year. lltc
pensions alone amount to $870 million a year ---and that is only a part of llIL'
increasing cost of the over-all military pension system.

New Yorkers Protest Carey's Budget Plans
ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) Gov. Hugh Carey's proposed Welfare cuts \tcrc
attacked Monday as "inhumane" and wrong-beaded. likely to result I"
misery for poor people and eventually greater costs for the government.
“We're gong to have to create some new kind of society." Katie Ramsey nl
Buffalo said. “The capitalist system does not fit the poor man." A crowd ol
more thzv I50 packed the hearing room to hear Carey‘s budget-balancing
plan rejected with gusto by three dozen labor chiefs. legal tthtctllcs Ior the
poor and poor persons themselves. Whether the Democrattc-controlled
Assembly will turn down the proposals is another question. Carey's budch
proposes to save $45 million for hotlt the state and local gmcrnmcttts.

Gas Shortage Beglnnlng to Affect New York
A|.IIANY.N.Y. (AP) The Niagara Mohntvk'l’owcr Corp. has asked
busmcw-s to cttt natural gas use by It) percent. and urged schools In
temporarily eliminate sports and hot lunches to meet the continuing shortage
ofthe t'uv‘ A spokesman for upstute's largest utility said Sunday II was urging
the mews because of a persistent shortusgc of gas from iIs supplier.
Consoli .nted Gas Corp. of West Virginia. and continued cold weather. The
spokesman said the state‘s natural gas utilities plan to ask (iov. Hugh L‘arct
today I . declare a "state of emergency“ to help control use of lllt.‘ lttcl. lht-
mml)’ Sllwcslt‘d schools using natural gas stop serving ltol lunches. cltnunutc
Phl'sicul education. cuttch after after-school sporting events and turn duu n
thermostats ll) percent to save fuel.

JANUARY 25, 1977

 

  

,_ _ 4 a ’ university photo sorvlea
Department of Publlc Safely Dlroctor James Williams said an-

' \V

Invoatlgallon by his department Into the Marc Bennett. case could
result In a county Indictment ol Barracks.

SUNYA LOWers Exam

by Florie Sherlzer

New SUNY wide policies gover-
ning the award of academic credit
for Educational ’I'csting Service
evaluations are being instituted at
SUNYA. according to Rodney A.
Hart. Director of Admissions.

These new policies are to cover
Advanced Placement (AP) Ex-
aminations. College Proficiency Ex-
aminations (CNS). and College-
chcl Program Suhjc'ct Ex-
aminations (CLEI’). with new
minimum levels to 'be: for AI’—-
scores of 3 or higher. for CPE—
grades of Car higher. for CLEPA
inean score obtained by persons

from the standardized group .who,

had earned a grade of C or better in a
formal course.

According to Hart. these new
policies will effect new freshmen
beginning with the 1977 Spring Ses-
sion. However. they will be applied
retroactively to any student whose
Fall I976 registration in courses

.would not preclude the awarding of

credit.

For example. a score of 3 on the
AP mathematics exam should lead
to credit for Math I l2and ll3. lfthe
student did not take Math “2 dur-
ing the Fall I976 semester. he will be
awarded 6 credit hours. Howaver. if
a student did take Math I12. he can

either rcccivc Scrcdit hours,.or take

Alumni Student Robbed
By Three Police Imposters

by Fillgerald Thompson

An Alumni Quad resident was
robbed of $15 and a. meal curd early
Sunday morning as three males. ap-
parcntly non-students. gained cntry
to his room by posing as police of-
ficers. according to U uiversity Police
investigators.

David Iircnncr of Alden Hall said
he responded to knocks at his door
at 5 a.m. at which time three men
entered. “pushed me around and
took my wallet."

"They were trying to pose as of-
ficers of some kind." said Brenner.
“they scented to know what they
were after." University Police said
they have a composite of the three
thiech but Brenner said he did not
get a good look at them.

"People in the hall noticed them"
and woke an RA who then called
University Police." said Brenner.

"Several leads are being followed
and we have a pretty good idea of
who did it.“ said Investigator .lohn
Ruth. Ruth also said “Brenner may
have had prior contact with the
perpetrators" who scented to be non-
sludcnts as those in the hall did not
rccogm/c them us being from the
dorm.

Department ol Public Safety
Director James Williams said. “It‘s
really sttlct downtown" due to the
recognition factor. “Residents know
each olhct' downtown." Williams
said. "and recognize those who may
not live downtown or act
suspicious."

Williams added that although he
had ltcurd rumors of other robberies

JANUARY 25. 1977

downtown. this was the first one
reported of the year.

U nivc rsil y Police officials

reported that patrols Were concen-
trated at the downtown campus over
intcrsession despite a lack of man-
power to do such when school is in
session. “They seem to know where
to expect trouble arid when." an of-
l'iccr said.

'1! ., .  .
CAit‘ inve go on into‘possiblc

l legal aeiion tn the More Beneckei'

caie ls being-conducted by Universi-‘
ly Police. according to Department "
of Public Safety Director James
Williams. '

' Beneeke was suspended from
SUNYA for IS months for the alleg-
ed theft of $3000 from the class of
‘78. The money. which B‘cnecke has
agreed to pay back in monthly in-
stallments. was stolen while he serv-
ed as class president.

‘ To The DA
The investigation is being headed

-by Detective John Coleman. Accor-

   

ding to Coleman. information from
the investigation will be submitted to
Albany County District Attorney
Saul Greenhcrg. “It will go to the
DA.“ said Coleman. “He will
evaluate everything we‘ve gathered

Standards

Math I I3.

Policies will only appl'yto students
entering the university as freshman
beginning with the Fall I976session.
This decision was rcccommended to
SUNY Chancellor Ernest Boyer by a
Credit By Evaluation Committee.
and were subsequently passed on by
both the Council and Conference of
Presidents. SU N Y's U niversity
Faculty Senate. the Faculty Council
of Community Colleges. and

SUNY‘s Student Assembly. said

Hartl. , v
The new guidelines will equalize
the standards for awarding credit by

exam amongull SUNY Schools.said . '
Hart. Until now. each SUNY school

established its own requirements.
and discrepancies between school
standards resulted. ' )
“This will allow for considered
mobility in the SUNY system for
transfers.“ said Hurt. “Campuses are

pressed. accordingto William‘ ‘ »

“There are two possibilities said;
Williams. “One is that they will find
the information as acceptable for an
indictment. Another possibility is
that they will say that it is not suf-
ficicntrlo support a criminal charge."

The district atlorncywill make the

decision as to what charge will be ’

pursued. Coleman said.

University Police customarily
conducts investigations in- cases of
this type. according to Williams.

“We once had an assistant director
of the Campus Center who stole
several thousand dollars by signing
vouchers with phony names." said
William‘s. “Another was an
employee of I-‘SA who was

 

it

The present inVesligati 'n‘wsnn-
itittlcd shortly ‘after»\ Benecke’s
suspensionand Coleman estimated
that it will be at least another thrcev
weeks before it is completed." '

Slow Process - I

“It‘s rather a slow process." said

Coleman. “We‘ve been talking .to

quite a few witnesses and gathering .
depositions.“ "  '
According to Williams. other area. »

crimes under.invcstigation by the
district attorney may bumper a swift
grand jury hearing. “These pressing
matters have precedence over this
non-violent one." said Williams.

permuted ‘0 5“ I‘m" cum” SUNYA testing standards are being lowered to conform to SUNY-
wlde standards.

scores.“ continued Hart. “but since
continued on page ciglrl

Dorm Releases Are Tough to Get

by MaryAnne Bukoll

Campus housing contracts are
tough to break, according to Direc-
tor of Residences John Welly.

  

university photo servic-

Resldonce Director John Welly aald students have low acceptable
reasons tor broaklng thelr houslng contracts. ‘

The Residence Office will accept
an application for release from the
contracts based on certain con-
ditions. The conditions considered
"legitimate" reasons for release in-
clude medical disabilities. changes in
financial situation and marriage.
said Welty.

“We don't release that many
students and we do require verifica-
tion." said Wclty. A student must
therefore obtain verification of
financial difﬁculties through the
Financial Aids office. of medical
problems through the Healtchntcr
or present a copy of a marriage cer-
tificate with the application for
release.

A student wishing to apply for
release must first obtain a form from
either his dorm director or form the
Quad secretary. After the completed
application is turned in, it comes up
for review by a committee of five
Quad Coordinators. Wclty has the
option to sustain or veto the decision
of the committee on appeal.

Last year, 36 applications for
release were granted. wltile 20 were
denied. according to Welly.

Welly said that solutions to
problems students encounter such as
noise and harassment can be dealt
with through'other channels such as
grievence committees. judicial
board. room changes and consulting

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

the residence staff.

“Students should give some
thought to living on campus and
should read their contracts prior to
signing them.“ said Welly. He term-
ed the contract a legal instrument
and said that “students should. be
willing to comply with it when they
sign.“

According to the contract. a stu-
dent makes a two-semester commit-
ment to live on campus. This is in
order to enable the residence office
to estimate its needs for supplies and
staff. according to Welly.

Students who break contract
without obtaining release are subject
to an eight week room charge in ad-
dition to room and board charges in-
curred prior to the physical removal
of their belongings.

According to Welly. students are
more apt to be let out oftheir con-
tracts during a period of time he
termed as “open release days". This
is when the number ofstudcnts seek-
ing housing on campus equals the
number wanting to break their con-
tracts and occurs only in the full
term. “Don't commit yourseifto two
legal contracts." warned Assistant
Residence Director of Off-Campus
pus Housing Karleen Karlson. Ac-
cording to Karlson. students. should_
be certain they have a good chance of

continued on page eight

PAGE THREE

  
 
  

  

  
  
 

 

 

 

 

