 

    
    

, order obtain some water which could save the
peopleonhis planet from .a' catastrophic drought.
Even if ,we were not exposed to the opening shots of

would-.tellf‘us right away that this-wasrno mere'
, 'earthling. We see- Bowie: stark red hair, outlandisth
boyish faee and huge green wool pea coat, clumsily
descendinga cliff in the ﬁrst sceneand We know he is an

- aberration, from another planetiwhat else?
Although the action ‘centers around Tommy

will. He is either propelled into motion by other or

By 'I‘OM WEBSTER

'This week's hand caused difficulties for most North-
South pairs at a recent duplicate game. Asurprisingly
small number of pairs bid the spade slam and only one
pair then' preceded to make it. It is a good slam and the
percentages favor its success. Let as follow the
procedings at the table where the victory was won.

South was correct to open one spade rather than
bidding the slighly strongerdiamond suit. Holding a _
minimum opening hand (I4 points). it is better to
establish possession of a five card major as soon as
possible. North has a very ‘ good hand with good
support in spades, but isa bit too weak forajump-shift
in hearts. and two hearts isthe recommended bid. Two
hearts is a forcing bid and North eould announce his
extra strength on his next turn to bid. When South bid
.thitee diamonds.,N_orth. having good support for'both
suits. contracted for the slam. '

‘Whe dummy came down. declarer counted his tricks
and was satisfied. He counted two club winners. ﬁve
diamonds. and a heart for a total of eight tricks. He
needed four spade tricks and could afford to lose one.
Most deelarers went down when they tried to enter

{ outer space and the solar system, onellook at Bowie .

Newton, he barely partakes-in any action of his own ' '

part of the status quo._Television, with whieh‘Newton

.ii‘yfascinate‘d. warps his mind. He watche ninesets at ‘ V

once, a verysdizzy‘and exasperating habit to get into.
However,» televisionand gin prove to: be' a deadly

combination when. mixed with earthly corruption and .

society‘s lack' of ethics. _ , . ‘ y
This could not be-conaidered a mere scienceiﬁctionv

- fajitasyilt was obviously meant to be more of a social

commentary on the world’s corrupt. materialistic state.

Although '1 the ﬁlm was generally obscure,” its
photogi'aphici'effects were’phenomenal. Since it was
ﬁlmed on location, we get to see some magnificent
shots of the Rockies and some beautiful and haunting
shots of early morning Manhattan skyline. I believe
this film has a lot to offer thematically and visually.
however, some of its impact was lost because of poor

. directing and editing which led to a lack of continuity.

It touched so many themes that I believe one would
have to spend at least a year in a monastery to grasp all

"Bridge: Refusing the .‘Finesse

their hand for a spade ﬁnesse. The finesse failed and the

‘ diamond return was ruffed by West for down one. Our

successful declarer suspected that the diamond was a
singleton. He decided to forego the small chance of an
overtrick in-favor of improving his chances of making
his contract. He won the diamond in dummy and
called for the Ace of spades followed by a low one. won
by East's king. West could no longer trumpa diamond
and the contract was safe. South could win any return.
draw the last trump, and claim the balance. In addition
to the threat of a diamond ruff, there were additional
reasons for South's refusal to ﬁnesse for the overtrick.
The fact that he was missing the nine and ten of spades
made it unlikely that he could pick up the king even if it
were on side. In fact, the only way that this could come
about is if it was on side anddoubleton, in which case a
successful finesse. followed by theace woulddrop the
king. However this distribution occurs only about 15%
of the time. Also. taking a finesse and ﬁnding the king
off-side ' and singleton would lose two tricks where
playing the ace first would again limit the losers to one.
In refusing the finesse. you‘give up the chance for a 30
point overtrick. but gain by insuring your l000 point

 

Marc Arkind, Matt Kaufman,

 

Writers Needed For Arts
a and Features *
For More Info . Contact

Jon Penn .or Dorothy Zeiin

At the ASP Office (CC 329)

[They then set out to make him" I

onute‘ry in

ill treat those
Hitchcock thriller
heoek thrillers such

    
  
  
   
  
  
   
        
  
 

. j ai Psycho-and Frenzy,th movie plays little blood
: and onlyone death. It more nearly borders ori_cornedy-

' adventurer-despite. its frightening beginning and its

‘ eerie musical score.‘ "’

i ' 1 Barbara Harris. in the role of a sex-starved, phony

“spiritualist” (“about as psychic as a dry salami"), is
employed by a wealthy spinster toruse her “psychic”

', powers to lind'the heir to the vast Rainbird fortune.
‘ " She 'set,out to, do this with the help of her boyfriend
«George, played by Bruce Dern. The audience will be

amused at the detective duo‘s amateurish escapades.

Meanwhile, in a seemingly unrelated incident. a pair
of kidnappers, played by. Karen Black and William
Devane,‘ extort a million-dollar ransom.

While weaving an intricate, yet understandable plot,
Hitchcock continually builds up the story. providing
a new clue every minute. He apparently does not worry
that the tale is too‘ contrived to be plausible. and this
should not bother the viewer. Most people will enjoy
this coy drama which mixes comedy. suspense. irony.
and sexual innuendos. If you don't, however. then at
least the exciting car scene will be worth the price of
admission.

 

” is, . iin says. “All 1/

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

North
0 AM
9 AJ8642
West : :05 East
083 South . 0 K|09
v in095 z 73
O 2 '. 7652 l0987
4J8432 ' 3 4 QI076
O AJ643
'0 A96
The Bidding
North East south West
—- pass 1 spade pass
2 hearts pass 3 diamonds pass
4 no-‘trump pass 5 hearts pass
_5 no trump pass 6 clubs pass
6 spades pass pass . pass
Vul.: None Opening lead: 3 of clubs
slam.

Again. you can play bridge on Mondays at 7 pm. in
CC 375.'Beginners lessons are at 6 o'clock, all are
welcome. For more information, call Larry Cohen at
7-4014 or Tom at 7-7953.

 

EMERGENCY

 

Monday,

 

 

Friday and Saturday
The Road

will be appearing
Friday Special...5 - 7 PM

0r while they last!
Steamed clams smo doz.

 

 

 

 

ﬁr wk jk MANDATORY a MEETING as. as ¥

Barbershop Food Co-op
February 7, at 7 pm.
in LC -_23 , 

ALL THOSE WHO M NOT ATTEND LAST MONDAY‘S MEETNS
MUST ATTEND, OII ELSE MEMBERSHI’ WILL BE RESCIIDED

Anyone wishing to join may do so.
Membership VII also be taken
Mondays at 4:30 to 6:30
in the 8A cities. _

    
 

 

 

 

m 'WWJII. (WWMWKK [m ﬂue-WEI?

 

 

-futlii'i' by student association.“ I

 

 

PAGE 8A

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

. WWW-“wwwmm*amWHLW—w....._............._........_,.... _

FEBRUARY 4, 1976

 

 By BRIAN CAHILL v
‘ With the passing of a Central Council bill last we
granting the =:-Pierce Hall Day. Care Center
supplemental appropriations.'the people involved in
thecenter had reasons to look toward the future with
hope. But their attempt to continue providing low cost,
high quality day care facilities did not come without a
struggle.

The bill calls for an appropriation to be added to the
budget of the Day Care Center with the intention of

now in use, as well as some new play equipment for the
children. The center feels it is in need of a jungle gym,
some snap-apart walls, a slide, and some cots.
Under the guidelines of the Central Council bill, the
equipment will be paid for by the Student Association.

to SA. and if the Day Care Center is not funded in the
future. SA would have to reclaim the equipment.
Greg Lessne, Central Council chairperson, voted
against the bill citing a belief that “SA should not have
financial ties to groups such as these." According to
Lessnc. the Day Care Center would be better off ifthe
appropriation had come in the form ofa grant in order
to avoid ﬁnancial obligation to SA. The grant,
however, would not have come until the end of the
year. The bill has already been signed by SA President
Steve DiMeo.
The Pierce Hall Day Care Center has been in

    

 

Children playing In Pierce Halt Day Care Center.

By RICHARD MERMELS‘I‘EIN

As Albany State junior Dan Freda came from the
cafeteria. he noticed a novice piano player toying with
the U-lounge‘s worn piano. Implementing the
assumption that two rank amateurs are no worse than
one. he joined the freshman. During the duet. Dan
mentioned that the trombone was his main
instrument. The original “pianist”. Neil Figler. replied
that the trumpet was his forte.

“Were you by any chance the guy blaring those high
notes out the window last night at 2:00 a.m.‘.’", Dan
asked.

“ch. l was. please don‘t hit me". Neil blurted. as if
the words were all in one syllable.

“No. I really enjoyed it. It was great." Dan assured
him. Only a short time thereafter. the two were the hub
of Albany State's twenty member pep band.

The Pep Band is only in its embryonic stage.and it is
not ready to bring Western Avenue. or even Perimeter
Road. to a standstill. But, if they continue to grow at a
rate that defies cven Malthusiun theory. the era of
apathetic audiences may be behind us.

“When I first came to Albany two and a half years
" Freda said, “I was really surprised that there was

ago. I
d. Ever since then. it's been a dream of

no marching ban
mine to start one."

Figler, Freda and a few others played .at assorted
football and basketball games during the past months.
The troupe had almost no sheet music, and a repertoire
of mostly fanfare and cheers. The faces behind the
instruments changed from game to game. I

One member. Eric Levine. borrowed some music

 

 

[ram the head of Schenectady school district's music

FEBRUARY 4. 1976

 

buying a new dishwasher to replace a worn out model '

The problem is that the equipment would then belong ,

looms

ways than one. Located in the basement of the 
Hall dormitory of the downtown SUNchqmpue, the
center is structured around  frameWork of a‘iparent
cooperative. The parents participate in almost every
aspect of the operation, ranging from clean-up duties
to administrative work. ' .c :- '

- The center ‘provides a. much needed service for
SUNYA students. Students with young children are in
need of the facility in ‘order to attend class and/or

work; Although the canter is designed to meet the .

needs of the SUNYA community, the community at
large is also welcometo join when additional openings
occur. _ .

At present. according to Batsheva Loebel, diéector
of the center, thirty nine out of ﬁfty three children
enrolled are children of SUNYA students.

The spacious basement rooms of Pierce Hall are well
suited to the purposes of the center. The rooms where
the children spend most of their day are auditoriums
from an adult viewpoint. To achild. it must take on the
appearance of a gigantic indoor playground with
plenty of room to run and play. and lots of friends
around. The posters and paintings that once existed on
the walls of the old dormitory meeting hall contrast
strongly to what is now present. Bob Dylan and
Crosby, Stills and Nash have been replaced by the
smiling faces of Kermit the Frog and the Cookie
Monster. The lounge furniture of the old campus has
been removed to make room for knee-high tables and
chairs. Building blocks and rubber balls ﬁll the room.

In the kitchen. the cooperative spirit of the center is
manifested in the brightly painted mural design. Here
the parents have pooled their artistic talents in the
creation of a scene depicting the sun in all its beauty
and warmth. The result is a friendly atmosphere for the
children‘s eating area.

In the nourishment category. the center once again
asserts a uniqueness. The children are served
vegetarian meals with the emphasis on health. “We
also try not to serve foods with chemical
prescrvatives,"explains Locbel. who feels strongly that
it is better for the children. The children do not seem to
mind. according to her.

The educational goals of the day care center provide
the children with as many interesting learning
experiences as possible. The older children frequently

department. Another, Mark Kendrat. asked Arturo
Ciompi of the music department to lend the band a
snare and a bass drum. and some lower brass
instruments. He complied, and even included two
books of music in the package.

Levine then talked with Dane's basketball Coach
Richard Sauers and Sports Information Director Bob
Rice about possible funding. Sauers and Rice agreed to
give the band 30 dollars from the basketball booster

y club.

Through word ofmouth. student musicians heard of
the blossoming band. The leaders called for a rehearsal
on January 26th. and the turnout was staggering.

"I went to the rehearsal expecting to see about eight
kids,“ Levine said. “and 22 showed up!“ (Dan Freda
adds. though. that anyone interested is invited to join.
Call him at 457-88l8

The_ renovated entourage played at last Friday's
convincing victory over Ithaca. and only a tone deaf
skeptic would claim that the music and the team‘s play
weren't correlated.

Dane Captain Bob Audi admitted that their
presence is felt during the game. Coach Sauers said
"they add an aura of big time" basketball to Albany‘s
gymnasium. The positive effect on the fans is
undeniable.

“When we‘re bringing the ball upcourt, the band can
get the crowd going and it deﬁnitely gives us
momentum.“ Sauers said. Despite the rash of good
tidings, more funding is essential in order to keep the
company from disbanding.

“We‘ve had to scrounge around. beg, borrow and

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

operation since i97l and appears to  u que in niore :

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

 

   

 

 

  

   

     
  

    

Inside mom ma Day concealer. » x

 

take ﬁeld trips to the New York State Museum to learn
about the land in which they live. They also go on hikes
and sledding excursions. I A

But the learning does not occur just on field trips. In
the'cla'ssrooms. the children are exposed to other types
of educational experiences. Indoor activities include
instruction in art, drama. body movement and music,
and are aimed at giving ths child a well-rounded
learning experience. These indoor experiences are
certainly more than just something to do on a rainy
day. .

As far as the other residents, the undergraduate
students of Pieree'Hall, are concerned, the day care
center is just alright with them. One student claimed
that she has heard no negative comments about the
center. She also admitted that it is nice to see someone
outside the college student age group every now and.
then. .

And so with the money recently acquired from
Student Association. the Pierce Hall Day Care Center
can more easily go about its important business of
taking care of the children ofSUNYA students. Their
new dishwasher and play equipment will make life
easier for them and more fun for the kids.

And what do the children think about the ﬁnancial
situation of the center? One little boy named Michael is
in the “I 8 month to 2 years“ age group. When askedfor
his opinion on the $800 appropriation he replied,
"Choo—choo train", which makes as much sense as any
other economic statement these days.

Power to the. Pep Band

steal for what we‘ve got.“ Kendra! said.

“We can't get by on loaned materials forever,"
Levine added.

Three members are in the process of drawing up a
constitution. the first step toward receiving SA
funding.

“We can‘t go much further without SA's help."
Levme said. He cited this week‘s game at Sienna as an
example. The band members would have had to find
and pay for their own transportation, and pay three
dollars each to get into the arena. For games in more
distant cities, the cost to each of the musicians would
be exorbitant. As it is. they will have to pay for their
“uniforms” (tee shirts from Follett‘s), and for more
sheet music.

Neil Figler emphasized that the need served by the
hand is not only of benefit to the athletic department.
but also to the band members themselves. “The music
department concentrates on woodwind and horn
ensembles. There's really no place for the brass
instruments to play.“ I

Freda said that he belonged to SUNYA‘s stage band
in his freshman year. “We had excellent talent, but the
band died because of lack of funds. We couldn't even
get a full time conductor."

His main goal right now is to play at next year's
football games. He knows it will take additional
.members. and additional funds. As for support and
enthusiasm, their cup is full.

“I think they're great." Coach Sauers said. “I
sincerely hope they carry over to the football season
and get SA funding.

“SA funds things not nearly as worthy as this."  '

t . PAGE an

 
 

 

  
 

 
   

 

  

