     
  
   
 
 
   
   
    
   
     
       
     
    
       
  

 
      
  
 
  

   
 
      
     
     
     
  
 
   
   
   
  
   
   
  
  
  
  
 
   
    
  
   
   
    
  
 
  
  
    
 
   
 
 
 
  
 
   
    
     
    
     
      
    
  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
  

       
     
 
   
  
  
  
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

{many public officials. one of the greatest
5evils in government. and a‘ sure sign of
.Ieorruption. Both those who accept bribes
:and those who offer bribes are guilty of.
.seriohswrongdoing. The former betray
the public trust out of greed; thelatter use
U dishonest and illegal meansto get a trafﬁc
» ticket “fixed.” a zoning law changed. a
government contract. or a political
appointment. -'

Those who have lived in Albany for
some time will know what is meant bythe
"five-dollar vote.“ Campaign
"contributions by wealthy individuals. big
arbor. and big business need to be
carefull ycont rolled lest they. too. become
bribes. 'I'ampering with a sworn jury is
especially blameworthy.

century: rather it is almost as old as

complains about “lords who eat bribes.“

 

    ﬂ

 ' Bribery is a constant ,tEnipt‘rition of ‘

   
  

 

only among the many city-states but rilso
within these among various ambitious

families "and individuals; various
economic interests. and opposing
constitutional principles. Warfare.

revolution. assassination. exile. and also
bribery were regularly employed. The
Athenians guttrded against briberyin
their c'ourts by having juries of 20! and
50! men in civil and criminal cases
respectively. Those who went on foreign
embassies Were often accused of having
accepted bribes and sometimes Were
indeed guilty of it.

Bribery played a role even in the
Greeks‘ relationship with the Persians. In
479 ac. the 'l'hebans advised the Persian
commander Mardonius that he could
easily accomplish his objectives simply by

Bribery is not an invention of our sending moncytothcleading meninlhe

various (ireek cities. Mardonius ignored

mankind‘s social political institutions. their advice and was soon defeated and
Hit: ()ld Icstamcnt expressly forbids it killed inthe battle of I’Iataea. In 395 B.C.
tlzxodus 23:8). and the, Greek poet the l’et‘sians'werc at odds with the
llesiod. writing about 700 B.C.. Spartans. Sotheysenta(ireek.acertain

Iimocrates of Rhodes. with the rather

'l he politicallifeofclassical (irecce was considerable sum of 50 talents. which he
.I very intense one. There was conflict not was to distributcto political opponents of

V Sparta-in  Creek ci
‘ u‘rid‘erstaniliii‘g that they trait

 

.a sum of money from Harpalus.

 

on Spirit. Ana theyidid.

‘ ' "I If an. believe Demosthenes. inuch
' of thesuccessjof Philip of Macedonia was

due to bribery. But Demosthenes himself.
in 325 B.C.. wastried by the Areopagus
on a charge of peculation. foundgutlty
and fined 50 talents. He went into exile at

"I'roezen in the PeIOponnesus; Whether he

actually was guilty, is debatable.
Aceordingto his accusers he had accepted
who had
served Alexander the Great as treasurer
but had absconded with a vast amount of
money while Alexander was campaigning
in India.

in Rome bribery was particularly

trtaiatre 

bribeyrto‘ get‘the.
suspend hostilitieae. The following year. at
the Ro'mami‘ bidding and under safe.
conduct he came to Rome to testify at an
investigation of the whole affair. A bribe
from Jugurtha made the tribune Baebius
stop the interrogation. While in Rome
Jugurtha even arranged for the murder of
Massiva. his cousin and rival for the
throne. When he finally left Rome on
orders of the Senate he remarked. “The
city is up for sale and destined soon to
perish. if it finds a buyer."

1 hings have not changed much. have
they?

 

 

 

Need some cash?
(but want to do something Interesting?)

The ASP needs someone to do late night paste-up on Monday
and Thursdays from ":00 p.m. to 3:00 a.m.. no experience
needed. The company ls raunchy. the work important and the
pay is eight bucks a night. Those who can work both nights will
be given preference. but one night people will be considered.

(‘all .Ion Hodges
457-2 I 90

 

 

 

'Iii'ctl o/‘lwing oil l/It' losing and
q/ All/o It’c/ruir Rip-(W?

'I'lu'n/r A/It’t'lltllli't’.’
People‘s
Auto Co- op

\pccurli/tng lil \‘W and other
\Illttil car l'eptlll'.
Ii I'll I't'/I(Ill' t'utll' t'tll'

tIl'
llt’l/l ItIH rc/mrr l'l I'rtllt'u'll.

557 titles Street 480-0274

 

 

 

 

 

Horseback
Riding

ru'r'rl'i rum!
hcqui/‘rrl Irai/s

55 per hour

Longvue Stables

 

See Franklyn Aioye in the movie

“CARWASH”

tonight and tomorrow night and win
his new album courtesy of Speaker’s

Forum.

Four records to be given away at
each of 4 shows!

Speaker‘s Forum to present Frank! n A: ' '
person on 'l‘hursday. Oct. 27 at 9 prii in iliiiLClg

Ballroom.
Watch for details!

funded by S.A.

to meet you.

 

 

A career in law-
WIIlIIlIII IﬂW SGIIIIIII.

What can you do with only a bachelor's degree?
Now there Is a way to bridge the gap between an
gagggrggteialtoxducatkon Iartid a fhallenglng, responsible
. a yer‘s as 8 ant is able to d '~
tlonally done by lawyers. 0 work "adl
M urea months of intensive training can give you the
s s—the courses are taught by lawyers. You choose
one of the seven courses offered—choose the city in
whétlm yougugnt to work.
nce . The Institute for Parale at Trainin has
placed more than 2.000 graduates In lgw firms, bganks
anldt corporations Iln over 80 cities. I
you are a son or of high academic standln and
interested in a career as a Lawyer’s Assistant,g\iVe'd iii:

Contact your placement office for an interview with our

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 2

The Institute for
Paralegal Training

235 South 17th Street, Philadelphia. Pennsylvania 19103
00

representative.

Operated by Para-Legal. Inc

 

Aliamont Area

 

i 872-1664

 

 

 

Are you a real loser?

\\t lllt‘illl. _\ou
really can't do
.tititlitng light.
\\c|l. there‘s a
[ilttvc lot you Ill
Student

Association.

 

here could sitttli be art opening
Itil (’cntral ('ounctl chairman.
I’ai's 5250 a semester.
absolutely no Intelligence
required Interested? (all
.54.?

 

|I _\otu tired of coming back lrom your nights out to
told all ol the pills places closed. call l’op‘s midnight
special I'l’ltitl)s and Saturdays

UNTIL 3:00 am
CALL 465-2I25

or
449-3486

for quick dcluery of regular and sicilitm pizzas. We also
lime ll \aricties ol subs. both ltot and cold.

. . . SHINE ITS LIGHT ON I
YOUR LATE HOUR
MUNCHIES.

LET POP’S MIDNIGHT SPECIAL . . .

(Delivering to SUNYA ‘lil 3:00 am Fri. 8L Sal.)

       
    

 

  
     
   
    
   
        
 

POP’

MIDNIGHT
SPECIAL

I’()I"S PIZZA & sous
ltl‘) A Quail St.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By VAI.I.I scutuusa

there are many rumors surrounding the

dark mysterious tunnels that lie inthe bowels

ol the podium. Quite a few of them are false

and none of them should be cleared up. So

instead of claril‘yingjust what is and is not true

about our underground corridors. I would

rather develop some interesting new

misconceptions.

lipperclassmcn are always glad to tell

confused freshmen (like myself) about the

tabled tunnels. Many a smug senior has told

me that it is not really difficult to find one‘s

no) through the tunnels. Supposedly. the
tunnels are arranged in an orderly fusion.

llns. l cart assure yort. is not so. [Even after
cstensne research. my associates and I have
been unable to ascertain whether the "white"
tunnels are above t he "grey" tunnels. or below
them. or mtertwrned. or even white at all.
Actually. even the "white" tunnels look
maroon to me. However. as a freshman. I
cannot be expected to think logically.

Iliose unacquaintcd with the tunnels face
the problems of the unknown they‘re never
sttte where they will emerge alter a tunnel-
trck. ‘

"I don‘t know where I am! "there are no
signs!" cry those unlortunate students who
how no Innate sense of direction. Some of
lIiL‘st: lost souls wonder about. disoriented. for
days until good samaritttns lttkc pity on them
and guide them back to civili/ation. So never

amt-5m»

  

Speculation runs w
boats that occupy

r_

 

 

 

 

L

FAGE 2A

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

‘J

OCTOBER 14. 1977

 

 

L

OCTOBER 14. 1977

  

ild as one searches for a reason lorthe
the tunnels. One possibility Is that

“We’ve waited

twelve years. arid
we’re not going to
wait any longer.”

“Enter the tunnels at'the Fine Arts building
and come/ace to face with the ‘Guardian of-
the Catacombs’. He’s a' large, winged ghoul
with fangs, horns, and a tail. Luckily, he’s'
really kind of a puss ycat.”

leave these dark catacombs.

The solution to these problems is staggering

in its simplicity. Signs labeling the various
sections of the podium could easily be put up.
i his would give our confused tunnel-lrekkers
a greater sense of security. For perhaps the
lirst time. they will know where they are. To
keep those familiar with the tunnels from
getting bored. though. the signs should be put
up at random. boredom will never darken our
doors again if the signs are rearranged. also
randomly. about twice a week.

Some unkind critics have called the tunnels '
ugly and barren. they are absolutely right if
they are referring to the whitemaroon
tunnels. _ One person I spoke with
suggested black lighting attd Indiun'l‘apcstries
to jam the white-maroon tunnels up a hit.
Another. whose father is. no doubt. “in the
business." suggested quietly elegant Wood
paneling. Anything goes.

the grey tunnels. though they may be ugly.
are anything but barren. I’ipes covering the
walls and ceiling give the place a cozy feel and
the whooshings. tickings. and grumblings
Irom the pipes provide a varied fare of
listening enjoyment.

'I here are also fascinating landmarks in the
grey tunnels. Ente'rthetunneis atthe Fine Arts
building and come face to face with the
“Guardian of the Catacombs." He‘s a large.
winged ghoul with fangs. horns. and a tail.

though he sounds and looks forbidding. he‘s

plans a

"Who is this atrange man, and haven't l noon him In tho Patroon Room?" The
grotesque gargoyle that guards the Fine Arts bulking on a round-tho-cloclt
boats, to one oI many wonders that can be lound In the tunnels.

really a pussycat unless you chance to question
his mother‘s moral standards. He‘s very
sensitive about that.

In a nautical mood? Perhaps you would like
to look» over the dry marina located near the
Biology building. There are several small
boats beached there. For the boating

    
  

Iii/Mm SASS
re now being made to launch an Invasion comes
the river and attack Renaseiaer Polytechnic Institute.

ALBANY STUDENT mass

Stu d e n t Association 1 >

NY Yankees vs. LA
Dodgers

See the third game of this series on a six foot
screen with free beer and munchies.

Friday. 8:00 p.m.

enthusiast. a quick jaunt to the tunnel below
the Chemistry building might prove
rewarding. A lovely motorboat is anchored
there. quite close to the regulation sited
pitching mound.
Perhaps you just likejunk. the tunnels are
awash with junk! Seatless and lcgless chairs“:
hurdles. acoustic ceiling tiles. and outdated
course catalogs are just a sampling of the
treasures waiting to be viewed. Forthose of us
who like to create our own junk. a paper
shredder is available. A single edition of the
bum/ai- New l’or/t 'I'i/mu' cart keep one in
paper maclic for a month of Sundays. It's
llabbct‘gastingl
the curious visitor to the tunnels should
bring Iriends. a mountaineering survival kit.
and a dollop ol imagination with him. there is
a rumor circulation that a snakebitc kit is also
necessary. that is sheer nonsense by larthc
majority ol the snakes are non-poisonous.
You needn‘t be afraid of custodians or
others in the tunnels because they will not see
you. As a matter of fact. they will look right
through you. ()ne of my eolleaures has
discovered that tieivcorners in the tunnels are
invisible to the other tunnel dwellers for a
minimum of three weeks. So not foolish!
There is one halnrd. though. Since the
custodians cannot see newcomers. there is a
risk of being run down by transport carts. One
particular cart to watch out for is the “Love
Bug Ill.“ It is rumored to have thirteen notches
on its steering column.
the most important thing to remember is
that this advice is being given by a confused
freshman who is not responsible for anything
she says.

preaonta

L62

 

 

PAGE 3A

.J

    
    
   

  

    
   
      

  

