  
 
     
       

 

 

we...“ _.__

.:. no“... a, ._........ . ..

 
   
 
  
     
   
  

     
     
   
  
   

    

 

 

  

. POSITIoN-S AME-Am

 

|

Volunteer Phone Counselor

The position offers an excellent opportunity for a person interested in
short term crisis intervention. in development of counseling skills,
and in employment in a dynamic and creative human servrce

organization.

Qualiﬁcations

' l. Current enréillment in SUNYA as a freshman, sophmore, or
junior. . ’ _
2. Willing involvement in the in-servrce training program.

Duties of Volunteer

1. Attendance at the initial training weekend at the beginning of the
semester. . \

2. Working on a 3 hour telephone shift weekly. I ~

3. Working on 3-4 ([2 hour) weekend shifts a semester (including
overnight). . ‘ '

4. Attendance at 2 three hour training groups each month.

5. Attendance at occasional workshops run by Middle Earth and

other agencies. . ‘ I
6. Commitment to providing quality counseling servrces.

Interested persons should contact Middle Earth foranapplication.
inquiries should be addressed to'. Charlie Biss, Switchboard
Coordinator.
DEADLINE: April 22 at 5 pm.
mamas  
Schuyler Hall
Dutch Quad
457-7‘588

funded by student dissociation

 

 

1

' ‘ ‘n'I-‘AP. .

. . . .‘.‘.'.‘.'-'.'.' . ll-I.I'l-l.

'n‘n\%'.'.'-‘n - -

 

 

Eﬁl’i‘l'ﬁ

SURVIVAL:

A Conference for Women

on Career Choices and Skills

Saturday. April 23: A day for all women to explore and acquire skills and insights into their

individual and collective worlds of work.

There will be three. concurrent all day work~sessions (I0200 am - 3:00 pm) for those who Wish
to concentrate on many variables. There will be two sets of concurrent single skill or topic
sessions for those who wish to narrow their concentration.

There is $.25 registration fee for SUN YA students with
. tax cards and it $1.00 fee for all others.

Registration: Ofﬁce of Student Activities 457-7210
or April 23, 9:15 am, “U 37

Opening Session: 9:30 am. HU IJ7. Occupational Outlooks. Dr. Sandra liardt. SUNYA

Foundations of Education Department.
Announcement of Workshop locations _

All Day Work Shops “0:00 am — 3:00 pm)

' ' ' ‘ ' ' ’ ‘ ' l skills’ techniques ofjob
Tracli One — Resume writing. interviewrng. identifying persona _ _. V ‘ 
search (resources.cover letters and their design.informationsources). This workshopiocusts
on individuals With little experience in job search actrvtties and/or resumetpreparation.
Participants are asked to prepare a list of paid and volunteer wbrk experiences. and a
summary of interests.

n as Track One. except that focus is on individuals

— Same content and time spa I I I
Tn“ Two or resume preparation. Particrpants are asked to

with some experience in job search and/
bring a copy of their most recent resume.

' ' ‘ ' ‘ ' lites and needs as they direct your
Lileworli Planning — Learning to focus on yOIIT‘bklllb. va . V g I '
whole lifestyle. as well as your workstyle. This workshop wtll help you recognise past
experiences as signiﬁcant to development. become aware of your options. and realue your
potential in order to set realistic but challenging goals.

Sessions: l0:00 Irn - Il:00arri - “Midlife Career Change" Format: Brief

TOPIC 5‘ bum d by directed discussion geared toward pﬂTlIClels' concern"

introductory remarks. foliowe

“Resume Improvement" Format: for those who have already prepared a resume and want to

improve on it.
12:15 pm — I“Careers and Family: Do They Mix!”

' ‘ : ll:I5 ant - . .
Topic It .‘iltllrg session! m opinions on (his question vary. Opportunity for

Format: Presentations by persons wh
discussion.

‘Interviewlng Skills" Format: Opportunity to practice elements of interviewtng.

funded by W’de “5? 93331.44

1 “nu-1'- -

 

.
x ‘ " a," . , N
new a." ' TA got” 7/ r .
We ‘ .jﬁlzhp/" u _ WWW
. ,. .~. .

‘ ' ' ' - ' ‘ Sammie
A Feast moored tossingger the Imaginnhon,srur+i with our
AN‘t’tPAgl‘uo Met and ("attained by beeping ptattas at 532::
LASAGNA.MEATBALLs,sAu$AoE and MORE.

  Western AV. 0* Fuller Rd.

      
   

  
   

 
  

Every Sunday. Monday& Tuesday

HETTI,PIL‘ZA.

CHILDREN 1 I99 under to

served Sunday I'zNoon to ItPM - Monday a‘fuesdny “9947:: MM

ALBANV

 

 

 

 

SA ELECTIONS 1

for nominations for all

5555!!!

Today is the last day

SA Central Council

and class offices.
ifr‘i‘rﬁfrﬁfrﬁt‘r

Nominations forms
and/or petitions m
be turned in to CC 346
no later than

 

By KEVIN THOMAS
If there‘s any Irish blood in you at all.
-real or imagined. a collection of Irish
poetry_is a nice thing to have. Poetry is
imagery. and Irish poetry is Irish imagery;
.this time of the year. that‘s what it‘s all
about.

The Book of Irish Verse. edited by
John Montague. samples writings oflrish
poets as far back as the sixth century. It
compacts Ireland's rather rich poetic
heritage into a normal-sized book. by

 

  
 

- -college.

 

    

The Classical Forum-s:-

 
  
 
    
  
 
 
  
  

 

cleverly leaving out the larger portion.
Although the publishers don‘t mention it.
this compilation is not a complete collec-
tion as the title implies. but is rather a
sampling of significant morsels of an an-
cient nation's verse literature.

Montague teaches English at an Irish
and has published several
volumes of his own poetry. In his in-

.troduclion. he writes that recent Irish
- {.Iitcraturc “is in the uneasy position that
' the larger part of its past lies in another
:language.“

Until recently. the written and spoken

Professor of Education. Harriet S.
Norton will be leaving our university this

. spring. ti victim of retrenchment. It scents

appropriate that the Classical Forum
should give recognition to one who has

" contributed so much and in so many ways

to the teaching of Latin.

Professor Norton joined the faculty of
this university in [953. following Io years
of teaching experience in the secondary
schools. Since then she has taught Latin
at all levels in the Milne School and
methods courses to botli undergraduate
and graduate students preparing for

' teaching careers. She has supervised

many student teachers. both in the Milne
School and off campus. More recently

 
 
   

/

language of Ireland was Irish Gaelic. Ac-
tively and sometimes violently discourag-

ed by British rulers. Gaelic declined as the

language of literature in Ireland begin-
ning in the I600‘s. English came to be
spoken be the population and the poets.
While Gaelic is still alive in remote
villages. it is studied as a second language
in Ireland today.

Modern Irish poets. Montague notes.
are generally deprived of the heritage of
their craft. unable to read and think in the
language of sixteen centuries' worth of
the work of their forebears. A poet. he
says. needs to see and feel the scrivenings
ofthe past. and that “it is almost impossi-
ble for a poet to change languages."

The introduction is largely a history of
irish poetry. He mentions the typical
ﬁgure among the Irish saints is Colmcille.
a “poet in love with his country.“ and not
Patrick. who was. after all born in Britain
and a vanguard of Roman culture.

He notes also that Irish is the only Eu-
ropean literature that has a succession of
women poets. and theorizes that this is so

   

'-

slic has been popular as a teacher of
elementary Latin in the Department of
Classics.

Never running out of new ideas or
creative energy. or so it seems. Professor
Norton has been a member of the
SUNYA Senate. the Dean‘s Advisory
Council of the School of Education. and
numerous important committees. She has
been the organizer and director of
summer workshops for teachers of Latin
in I965. |9b7.and I9ft9.ilnt.liICtl-(lII'CCIOI’
of College Classics Week in I970. l972.
I974 and I976. She has held office in
local. regional. and national classical
organizations. She has received national
and international recognition for her

 

 

llllAIlIEI

Sunday at 3 PM.
April 17, 1977
Tickets: $3.50 and $3.00

Box Office
(518) 4578606
Page Hall, Downtown Campus

 

[ATHe Ul‘iNERSlTYATALBhI‘iV
UNIVERSITY CELEBRITY SERIES

NEW HUNGARIAN

Haydn - Bartok - Ravel

Reservations: Performing Arts Center

 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
      

   

Brooklyn

 

.5..- .'. . .

There IS a difference!!!

“ell PREPARE FOR:

MCAT. DAT. LSAT. SAT
GRE 0 GMAT 0 OCAT 0 VAT

Our broad range 0/ programs plot/Ides an umbrella 0/ lost-
rng know-how that enables us to alter the besl preparation
available. no malch which course is taken Over 38 years
at experience and success Small classes. Voluminous
homo study materials. Courses that are constantly up-
oatod Permanent centers Open days. evenings 8. week-
ouds all year. Complete tape Iacrlities for review at class
lessons and for use of supplementary materials. Mako‘ups
Ior vmssod lessons at our centers

ECFMG O FLEX
NAT‘L MEDICAL & DENTAL BOARDS

Flexible Programs 5 Hours

°“'c‘2‘i’f'r§li"s5’".$’ lﬂll-ZZI 8840

Luier m Malnl u 5 Cum and lullno. smitertiuo

 

 

An Anthology-oish
Poetry from the Sixth
Century to the Present

The Book of Irish Verse
Edited by John Montague
Macmillan; 399 pages: 5 I 2. 95

 

 

because “there was no discrimination
against them“ socially.

Some ofthe translations from the Irish
are Montague‘s own. some are by Robin
Flower and other well-known Irish poets.
some are by various scholars of the
language. The selections in this respect
are well-rounded and intentionally
balanced, which is only fair.

 

development of Latin curriculum
materials. She has been an invited
speaker at numerous institutions and
conferences.

Professor Norton Iias accepted a new
appointment as principal of Pineview
Christian Academy. a new secondary
school which was organized by the
Pincvicw Community Church of Albany
and will open its doors this fall. Professor
Norton already has caught the excitement
of a new and challenging assignment. We
shall miss Professor Norton at SUNYA
and we wish her well. Above all. we are
grateful for what site has contributed to
this institution in 24 years of dedicated
service.

212-330-5300
212-030-4454 .
516-53l-4555
201-046-2362 M N
EDUCATIONAL CENTER LTD
1675 E l6 sr Bhlyn
in i i229

TEST PREPARATION
SPECIALISTS SINCE 1938

I: ordered. beginning _“ itliiol

_ E Ireland was by relatives of Noah. who fled

 
  
  
    

 

~. "(The .wdrks " re -o I
and historical'epics. From TheBookjof _»
Invasions. Leabher Gabhala.’ We learn 
that the first of the many invasions of

to Ireland just beforethe ﬂood (they were
refused entrance to the Ark). There were ‘
three men and 53 women in the'party. Ac-
cording to the translation. “The division
damsels they did there/The slender. the
tender. the dimpled. the round. / It was the
last just bargain in Ireland/There was
enough to go round." ‘

The selection is not particularly typical;
W.B. Yeats and James Joyce together
share only eleven pages. To achieve a
comprehensive view. Montague balances
historical selections with a signiﬁcant
portion oi'comtemporary poets..0f the 88
poets represented. 32 were still alive at the
time of publication. and eleven were born
alter I940.

The introduction is especially infor-
mativc. if you can wade through Mon-
taguc‘s "ellcctivc. scholarly style of
writing. .lie list price of the hardcover.
edition is $l2.95; you might want to wait
for the paperback. or else pick up the
library‘s copy. The cloth cover. by the
way. is a handsome. dignified gr‘eEn.

  

 

Prolessor oI Education.
Harriet 5. Norton.

NOTICE

The deadline dates for submission of A&S
Independent Study projects are: April 29th for
Summer session projects: April 29th for Fall
session projects. if you wish a response before
the end of Spring l977 session; August 3| for
Fall session projects and ifyou wish a response
in the Fall session l977.

Application materials for A&S
Independent Study projects are available in
the Office of Undergraduate Studies (AD 258)
and in University College (Martin Hcrlands).
'U LB 36.

"I am delighted
to prcpti re and cook.

 

 

PRESENTS

 

t'orncr Robin St tit Central Ave.Albtiny

Country Rock Sounds of

SILVER CHICKEN

Friday & Saturday
April I5 & April l6

 

 

 

 

 

 

$1 00 Admission

I M's Ilw

 

 

   

l

 

L

APRIL 15. 1977

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

       
    

especially for YOU.
some real .intuj'itgs
from n\y country-
MEXICO...

Come and try them.
I promise you will
love the cxpcricnt‘cl

 

lOQtl MADISON AVENUE

'1. rr. ‘(2 \ Trn‘. ’ . in

r ’l— l, -1, nits.
'! . ‘ ~l New

 

i

let it .

’489-7990

 

 

 

1 .

PAGE 11A

  

 
 
   
  
 

