    

. vmzn‘a‘tm .

 

 

 

l
I
i

 

  

.v .
rmt- Talk

LITTLE AMERICA is more like a script than a novel. It is a script of the last ten years in this country. Rob Swigart
has picked up on the T. V. mentality and created a piece of ﬁction suitable for those people not embarrassed to admit
that they enjoy a good sitcom. I

In that sense LITTLE AMERICA is very contemporary. Not just for the fact that it is the last ten years in print. but
echnically the book has been crafted to meet the needs and tastes of the T. V. generation. The book is composed of
short vignettes. two, three or four page doses of description that can be‘ absorbed. the book discarded and then picked
up again, as if breathing space had been intentionally interjected to let the mind wander. rehash the day’s activities,
and then return to the action, the station-break completed. _

LITTLE AMERICA is about frustration. But Swigart is not cynical. His story is descriptive. And ﬁlled with
irony. Mr. Swigart's protagonist is looking for a place to relax and enjoy his life without outside intrusion and still be
in the middle of all things.

Orville Hollinday will ﬁnd this place after he has sorted out all the experiences that every young man must go
through as the product of white upper middle class America: college, summer jobs. the pride of a mother who truly
cares and a father with only time enough to care between business lunches and chasing young foxes.

Swigart satirizes as many different subjects as he can ﬁt. There are the Golden Arches surreptitiously bludgeoned.
The war in Vietnam attached to the Russians. Jural corruption. The dissatisfaction with marriage. Blackmail. Sexual
fantasy. Swigart has chosen to spoof everything. Nothing is left untouched. Even our sacred Ivy League traditions
have been administered a beating.

Rob Swigart's LITTLE AMERICA is an interesting piece of writing. Something out of the ordinary. and
something very entertaining. if you choose to read it, read it with open eyes.

_(.i ‘lcnl'lﬂirjlvt—i
(‘ll't'x‘ﬂn(<)1‘i||r\\’.il<l
. I it t ll .. I

WALD in spite of the packaging, I found myself pleasantly surprised.

about Dwarf Broco, Bear, and Otter. humble folk with a large part to play.

  

when Otter enters the scene. and remained cheerfully engrossed for some h

 

' I

Popular Library well.
$1  GREYFAX GRIMWALD is the lirst of four parts. I will be awaiting the
' and I suggest you do the same—Kathi Schaefcr

 

In I972 Tom Robbins‘ ﬁrst novel. ANOTHER ROADSIDE ATTRACTION. appeared in paperback and quickly
became a counter-cultural phenomenon. becoming for the laid-back. unagrtatcd American youth of the Seventies
what ONE FLEW OVER THE CUCKOO'S NEST and CATCH-22 had been for their more cngagé compatriots of
the previous decade. Robbins' second novel. EVEN COWGIRLS GET THE BLUES. was published last year. to
extraordinary critical and popular acclaim. An inexpensive paperback edition hasiust appeared, and promises easily
to surpass its predecessor. Early sales ﬁgures. especially on college campuses, have already shot through the ceiling.

EVEN COWGIRLS GET THE BLUES is the story of a young woman. Sissy Hackshaw. and her gifted and
extraordinarily oversized thumbs. which she uses to escape her impoverished background and go roaming across the
face of America. From this Robbins has spun out a broadly comic and discursive tale about America today.
generously laced with editorial conﬁdences. mellow cosmic discourses. and a rambling, care-free style.

The novel's most distinctive feature is its tone. a pervasive sense ofgood will and easy-going humor in which all
other elements of the book. plot. characters. theme. are suspended like chunks in a broth. His all-inclusive style.
however. sometimes leads to an embarrassing overabundance of riches; the gentle reader must wade through three
epigraphs. an Author's Note. a Preface of sorts and a “Welcome” sketch before reaching the ﬁrst word ofChapter
One. which is surely. even by the novel's own take-it-easy standards. a superlluity ofexfoliation. Robbin's casual.
conﬁdent style is often ﬁne except when allowed to slide. amidst a general lack of restraint. into glihness and
affectation. One should not attempt to make every metaphor a stylistic breakthrough. every phrase a triumph of
playful irreverence. or one ends up with a book full of sentences like. “Middays. the city felt like the inside ofa
napalmed watermelon." '

EVEN COWGIRLS GET THE BLUES will be seen sticking out ofa lot ofjean pockets this summer. which is
probably an event to be welcomed. I recommend this book for its humor and originality. but regret that most recent
American “Whole Earth" literature (as one critic put it) displays such lack of discipline and precision—Gregory
Feeley

ow-

 

Again. having pointed out the resemblance. I will dismiss it. This. too. is an
What is important about a story of this kind is not the elements which go to in
common stock of folklore and faery-tale. but the use to which the storyte

Hancock puts these common elements to very good use. I found myselfdra

Houghton Mifﬂin
$3.95

 

These days, I am highly suspicious of any new book which claims on its cover to resemble Tolkien‘s LORD OF
THE RINGS. I think of it as a cheap trick which publishers use to try to sell more books by conning their customers.
and so it is. I am also suspicious of cute talking animal books; aha. I think to myself. they’re trying to cash in on the
WATERSHIP DOWN success. But when I ﬁnally convinced myself to read Niel Hancock's GREYFAX GRIM-

It‘s true that Hancock is somewhat derivative ofTolkien. The character ofGREYFAX GRIMWALD. wizard and

history reaching back to Merlin and Bleys in the Arthurian cycle. Hancock. like Tolkien. relates a great story of
apocalyptic conﬂict between good and evil. not by concentrating on the main actors in the conﬂict. but by telling

much like Frodo and his companions.
old tradition with fantasy storytellers.

ake it up. elements which come from at

Her puts these elements.
wn into the story about seven pages in.

~ ' ours. Hancock is a simpler writer than
Tolkien; although GREYFAX GRIMWALD 18 adult fantasy. it would be comprehensible to a younger audience as

remaining three with some eagerness.

w: Banachx‘mvawoasaxs " ‘
 I g é .
{'5 _f
«3% .5:
§s E 3

; 

(.t» L" x

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ft:

 

 

 

I97 : l 
The most co rful year 
in TIME’s history.

What a time to subscribe at low student rates!

(and what a great graduation gift)

This year, TIME adds a new dimension to your What a time to subscribe! For only 25¢ an issue— .
enjoyment of the news. Because this year. TIME is half the regular subscription—you'll get more color ‘
adding more color pages than ever before. than you‘ll find in any other ncwsmagazinc. That's ‘

More than (in y other newsmagazine. our special college rate—and you can order any-

where from 25 to 104
issues at the 25¢ a copy
price, all filled with out-
standing eolor photographs
and equally colorful writ-
ing. To order The World‘s
Most Colorful Newsmag-
azine, use the TIME sub-
scription card inserted
into this paper.

 
   
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 

TIME is lighting up all its
sections—from Science to
Show Business—with
compelling color photo-
graphs of important world
events and personalities. . .
faraway places and chang-
ing fashions. . . new movies
and plays. . . art treasures
. . archaeological finds——
the entire spectrum of TIME. It has news
weekly news coverage. for you.

'n'}  s I  i " '
«a a. .‘r , . ; " ‘

 

 

llMI ISSAY '-
.1
» i

MUSIC .
IIIIVISION
I

SCIENCE
» wter \ ltd-uh

time £55m

I
I)“ THEATER
lHl WORIU
THE NATION V
F’Eol’l!

SI’ORI

IURUM
H

. H ,r_-.-.t
IHl NI‘IION

 

