  
 
 
  
  
    
  
  
  
   

   
 
  
  
    
  
  
 
   
 
 
     
   
   
      
      
    
  

 

«5...- my. gems: u . ..;.—; 

‘« w; Twine-644:?"

..

  

i-LJ

 

 

.Hay n ad'

)"Haydn.
Unlike '

gef or what would come after. These

ymphonies. ~lronically.

modern ofthc two.

Moreover. Mozart was responsible for
fostering reforms in other musical ﬁelds
besides the symphony. His operas, par-
ticularly The Marriage of Figaro and
Don Giovanni. were the most advanced
of his day. His choral works, including
several Masses. and the mighty. un-
ﬁnished Requiem‘were the rightful heirs
to Bach‘s vocal tradition. These two sides
to Mo7art‘s production. the secular and
the sacred. reflect a musical genius of un-
precedented versatility.

Mozart‘s career seems to have begun in
the crib. Harpsichord lessons at age four.

mancesat age live. concert tours at age
six. playing for kings and emperors across
Europe. all this is part of his legend. Un-
fortunately. the pampered prodigy suf-
fered excessive neglect as an adult;
perhaps he wasn‘t cute enough anymore.

. In contrast to the sometimes miserly
Beethoven. Mozart was not at all thrifty.
His operatic efforts brought him substan-

. , , _ ill 1! ,
wife he marshmallows, moneyall
too'q ltly. Poverty’wastheir persistent ,

he first to write what we today. .,

ho died fifteen'years before;
Us considered the more.

first compositions and public perfor-_

companion.

[ Mom has, his .own listing pint-'th’é
,-“Guinness Book of World Records".win-. _}
 ning the title “Moist Rapid Composer‘f.
1 Throughout his relatively . brief life.
 Mozart wrote music at an astonishing ,

rate. accommodating a spectrum oftastes ‘
and structures. from divertimehti- to
symphonies. Not all of this body of work,
is memorable; the early pieces do have a.
childish simplicity. Of his_4l accredited
symphonies, only the last dozen or so are
popularly performed today. His three
ﬁnalefforts in this medium. including No.
41 (th Jupiter). were composed in six
weeks; all. however. are timeless works of
art. 3
Mozart was gentle and obedient as a
child, spontaneous in his affections.- His
sense of loyalty prevented him from quit-
ting his native Austria to assume a
lucrative position with King Frederick
William H of Prussia. He reflected his
superstitious interes in Masonry with his
opera. TheMagic Flute. He composed his
Requiem at the behest of a mysterious
stranger who insisted on paying him in
advance; Mozart interpreted his
appearance as a foreshadowing of his
own death. and indeed he died before the
work could be completed.

The treatment mozart received at the
hands of his patrons throughout his later

‘ years was a travesty. an insult to his abili-

ty. To the everlasting shame of his com-
patriots. he was accorded a pauper‘s

 

 
  

 

Last Thursday was Mozart's 221st blrthda/y,

funeral. Jealousy and intrigue had
hounded. his efforts to achieve financial
stability; the pettiness of lesser contem-
poraries and of thoughtless sovereigns
was to be the end of him. One of his feq
constant supporters was Haydn himself.

Mozart‘s contributions to the language
of the symphony. while not as epoch-
making as those of Haydn. helped to
break ground for the Romantic move-
ment soon to follow. His final works

'represcnt the pinnacle of 18th century

symphonic development. looking ahead'
to the possibilities which Beethoven was
about to explore.

The Prague Symphony (No. 38) is a
case in point. This piece combines the
archaic three-movement format typical of

the early l8th century with a rigorous. ad-
van'eed sonata structure. presenting a
poetic. tightly knit and beautifully work-
ed out symphonic thought.

Not to be overlooked by any thought--
ful listener are Mozart‘s charming piano
concerti. 26 in all; his chamber works for
various instruments; his string quartets:
the enchanting [fine Kleian Nachlmusik.
which goes hand in hand with his operatic
overtures; and his humorous works. such
as A M ll.\'i(’tl/./t)/\’l‘.

On this. the occasion of his 221st birth-
day. think of Mozart not as an unlucky
musician living out the twilight of his
childhood glory. but rather as an enter—
tainer par excellence. who delighted in the
pleasure his work brought to others.

 

 

 

 

 

BUS

LEAVES:

 

PAGE 6A

‘1  Attention.

 

"IlllllIIWIII“WMIMIIIIINIIHIIIIIIIIIIII

WEEKEND '

PRESIDENTS AND TREASURERS —
SA BUDGET REQUESTS ARE DUE

 

 

NO LATER THAN
Monday February 7 1977 at 5:00 p.m.
\ in CC 546 /

 

 

 

HOURS:

Circle at 11:30
Lark-Washington at 11:50
. Wellington at 12:02
Partridge-Western at 12: 10
Western Entrance at 12:30

 

 

12:30 am.
12:50 am.
1:02 am.
1:10 am.

many STUDENT PRESS

\

/

1:30 am. 2

funded by student association
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIlllllllllllllllllll

 

2:30
2:50

iundsd by student association

FEBRUARY 4, 197B

 

 

 

, - ’ imagine :the e‘
actually, ‘ as on a classical site while
In . s lacking in slides, and so
you are unprepared for the impact. in
‘Franee',‘ since the ruins have always been
um * he'locslsare ve'i‘yn nchala both

      
  
 
 
   

   
   
     

  

 

LAZY MADGE
Choreographed by: Douglas Dunn
Dance Studio. PED

 

By DOROTHY ZELIN

The dictionary defines "dance" as “a
patterned succession of prescribed bodily
movements usually to music." However.
“Lazy Madge". a piece designed by
’Douglas. Dunn. challenges every concep-
tual component of the art as it is ex-
.plicated above. Therefore, this perfor-
mance must either be banned as a viola-
tion of convention. or congratulated as a
choreographic revelation.

What appeared last Friday night on the
ﬂoor of the SUNYA dance studio was a
group of people. either as soloists. or in
small combinations. in the act of ex-
perimenting with the natural ﬂexibilites
of their own bodies. and thoroughly en-
joying the entire experience. The range of
style was broad——from the rigidity of
ballet. to athletic prowess. The perfor-
mance was truly “avante-garde" to the ex-
tent that the emphasis was on the in-
dividuality of each performer. All
movements were appropriate. whether
they be falling. running. crawling. tip-
toeing, or even standing in place.

The unobtrusive. but highly differen-
tiated dress helped contribute to a sense
of fun and freedom. Each of the nine
dancers expressed their unique per-
sonalities by wearing somethingdifferent:
lcotttrds. gym shorts. sweat pants. T-
shirts. tennis shoes and slippers.

Indeed. “Lazy Madge" as an investiga-
tion into the possibilities of balance and
control. may be likened to a scientific ex-
periment. As a scientist gropes among
various molecular solutions in search for
the optimum chemical combination. so
do the dancers toy with various twists and
turns. leaps and rolls as purl oi their ex-
ploration of movement.

However. unlike the scientist. the focus
in“Lazy Madge" is not onany particular-
ly desired endproduct, but rather on the
process of its attainment. “Lazy Madge"
teaches us not what accomplished dance
i5. but rather how it is achieved. it is an
exercise, not a polished show. It is an
"ongoing choreographic project." not a
perfected production. Traces of a consis-
tent guidingthemc are absent. in fact. one

 

can even as that “Lazy Madge" does not

L
FEBRUARY 4. 1978

 

The Arena at Aries in Southern France.-

Modernism in Movement

about the age and the that size ‘or the ‘-
"arenas, or? thc’dellcate sculpture of the ..

Maison Carree. Asii result, the signs are
less than explicit for directions, so
generally you just turn a learner and
suddenly a’re confronted by antiquity.
once inside the Arena titArles you climb

 
 
  

    

 

  

 

  
 

 

  

  

  
     
 

really exist at all. Instead. it continually
evolves.

Stripped of the traditional accessories
of music. set design and extravagant
costume. only the bare essentials
remain—movement for its own sake. Un-
fortunately. so many of us fall into the
trap of “telling the book by its cover.“
mistaking the trappings of a work of art
for the thing itself. Therefore. Lazy
Madge cannot be all thingstoallpeople.

Also. it happens so fast at times. so
much movement going on at once. that
the viewer may not know where to look
first and become easily confused.
Rhythms are constantly changing and are
discontinuous. so tha' they may even
appear jerky. We. as the audience are not
afforded the luxury of slow steady con-
centrating on objects ol‘our choice. but are
rather forced to keep up with the uneven
spurts ofmotion coming from individuals
in every corner ofthc room. Because there
is so much liberty of motion because there

 

  
    
  

. V.
to seegshadow'y figur I sitting

Then the sunlights up the stones. you
blink. and they have disappeared." '
Walking around the 'Arena.,you are

amazed‘that the vast modern city has not I,
' yet encroached upon the area of the ruins
‘ or torn them down. instead, it's as though

a river has met a st'o'ne and just flowed
around the obstruction. From the higher
tiers of the arena you can see over acres
and acres of the red-tiled roofs invthe
South of France; each with its own TV.
aerial. and pence more the antiquity
strikes. ' y '

The Maison Carree. on the other hand.
does not overwhelm by size and bloody
history as do the arenas. Rather. it seems
somewhat anticlimactic. compared with
the forest of columns around the State
[Education Building in Albany (it has
‘merely six by eleven columns»—and not
all of those freerstanding). When you
'enter, it seems very small and altogether
lunimpressive. compared with various
buildings in Washington or Paris. So you
sit on the steps outside. waitin for the

 
 

are no r e and “everything goes" the
feeling of a sense of repetition may be un-
avoidable. A little more uniformity of
step and synchronization may have been
a welcome thing.

 

 I [nearyou_.5
shouting‘and‘gestuﬁng 'at‘the gladiators. .

    

       
   

. . I I
Others like it. but less
gave rise to the architect

     
       
      

widespread in public

Thomas Jefferson visited it Wheat"
was uncluttered bytburrst- shops and

 

crazy French drivers, and brought back; 3' 
the ideals in architecture and iii-art thatit' : .
nfrotn other  ‘ '

rt presented. as did other me
nations. ’ v I - -, V, . r.

The size is irrelevant—the proportions ’ '
wee everything. It has been in Nime'sfor
1960 years, lending its grace to the men of
each age. and serving as a testament to the
endless quest for beauty of those rarer few

 

- who propel humanity forward. It is

somehow fitting that this jewel-like
building should lie in the shadow of the
arena. as 'its creators were also
overshadowed by the boisterouserowds.

Yet no civilization exists without these
two elements, and nations mature in the
struggle for equilibrium between them.
The fact that these buildings remain is a
testament not only to their builders. but
also to the legacy of grace left to this
country that has prevented their
destruction.

However. on the hand isn‘t it the very
capacity to “do your own thing" which
this highly organized and routinized
world of ours so desperately needs? I
salute you, Mr. Dunn.

- Priest versus the Church

By BRIAN CAHILL

The outward appearance of John .1.
McNeill does much to destroy the “gay”
stereotype. He is not a prison pervert. nor
does he Work in a beauty parlor. He is a
well accomplished man in society: :1 Ice-
turer, teacher. scholar and author. He
shows no inhibitions in talking about his
homosexual orientation. Yet his profes-
sion is one that makes his homosexuality
a particularly sensitive issue. John J.
McNeill is a Roman Catholic priest.

Throughout its history. the Catholic
Church has condemned homosexual
relationships and considers them serious-
ly sinful. Into the arena of sexual ethics.
McNeill steps in its the latest challengcrto
the teachings of the Church.

His challenge led him to Albany State
this week. in acceptance of an invitation
to give a lecture in the Campus Center
Ballroom. The event, co-sponsored by
Chapel House, Dignity (a Gay Catholic
Organization). Gay Alliance, and
Lesbians for Freedom, drew a crowd of
about 200 listeners. Aware of the prevail-
ing attitudes of the official Church. and
society at~large, they came to hear a

different voice for a change.

At the onset. it appears paradoxical
that a celibate priest should be concerned
over his sexual identity. But as McNeill
repeated time and again in his lecture.
“Sex is not what you do; it is what you
are.“ In acknowledging the fact that sex-
unlity shapes :1 large part ofour personali-
ty. he asserts that to be aware ofone's sex—
uality. homosexual or heterosexual is to
be more fully human.

Throughout most of his talk McNeill
referred to his controversial book en-
titled. 'l‘lu' C hurch and the Homosexual.
In it he challenges the scriptural bases of
Church law on the grounds of what he
calls misinterpretations of the Bible. for
example. he claims tluttrin the story of
Sodom and Gomorrah the sin ofthe peo-
ple was not “homosexuality”. but rather
“inhospitality to strangers.“ McNeill says
there is nothing in the story thats suggests
homosexuality as the basis of The Lord‘s
wrath.

Besides pointing out scriptural mis-
interpretations. McNeill wrote his book
because he thought the Church's
teachings on homosexuality were “new

Annm's'ruoam' mass

liveable". He first attacked the Church‘s
teaching that the homosexual must try to
change over to a heterosexual orienta-
tion. Calling this impossible. McNeill
made the analogy of asking a heterosex-
ual to become gay.

The second teaching of the Church he
attacked was the one that prohibits any
sexual behavior on the part of the
homosexual if heterosexual adjustment is
impossible. McNeill finds this doctrine
unfeasible.

McNeill also had some criticism of
society's attitude toward the homosexual
experience. He pointed to the fact that
society is tolerant of homosexual
promiscuity as evidenced by the sanc-
tioning of gay bars and other such es-
tablishments. Yet society shows no
tolerance of homosexual love. lftwo gay
people wish to share their lives together in
a living situation. the laws do not work in
their favor. '

Throughout his lecture McNeill made
this statement clear: onc's sexuality.
whether male or female. homosexual or
heterosexual should be seen asagift fronti,
oue's lord. not something to be repressedf.

A) ..

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

