 

 

a. «a. an“ [mama's-v” 11v.-

 

(ialnes: I don‘t know if you remember. but
when you were here for a day its a candidate
meeting people hi various; times. l-had lunch
with you ttnd sonte other students. "

Fields: I do retnembcr that. y I

Gaines: At thttt titne you said something
about the ltiglt opinion of thc SUNY;systcm
some non-New Yorkers have. . . I would like
to ask you whether that glow is?” ‘ '
antong people who are not close toth‘
system. ‘

major financing was being given it. >
was moving rapidly. So it had that g
lure. For a person from my part ‘f‘ihe
country. there‘s always been at lea _
itnage that bright and ambitious pe'oplc goto
New York City. so the state takes oitthat kind
at image as well. .' , '
Gaines: Has it changed in the last't'wo years
since you‘ve been here? '3
Fields: l'm looking at the reputation of.
HUNY now from inside rather ‘, than
outside. . , Everybody in academia ,knows
that SUNY has been beleaguered and they
probably would believe that it‘s not yet aclear
picture. One has not yet emerged. For my
own. i tltiok it‘s probably true that we have
gotten more attention. of a favorable
character. tor lacing our problctns on this
campus. At least that‘s the word that'comesto
the by letters and as I meet people at meetings.
they know what we‘ve been doing and respect
it. But lurking under the'surt'ace in the minds
of academic people who‘ve observed-enough
to think about the matteris this question—can
our major institutions. universities included.
turn themselves in new directions and make

Can we change direction?

We travel

~
Iundamental reforms? The question there is a
very grave social question.

Gaines: What's your own personal answer
to that question?

Fields: l've seen all the reasons why it's
extremely awkward to be sanguine and to
have strong hope. Ol'coursc. they cando it but
I have also a deep belief that they must. And
we've done it. that‘s my point.

Gaines: Did the people at Vanderbilt ask
you about that point? What was their
impression ol SUNYA as a school? Were they
curious about what you've done here?

Fields: They were. I think, curious. but in
my coversations with them they did not dwell
on it. They had been thinking more about
Vanderbilt att'aiii.’ but IIIIOch knowledge
about what happened here. Fromthe moment

way. because the assumption one would have.-

" st rem in the middle'tvelt'ortheeouth II that a

' of runningthe internal [we inn-Whicth

Fletch: i take ' '
both. 'A president I ust fa o ward and find
those inthc community one ter'esta belong
to the university as 'nattt‘ral'partners. and-it‘s a
lot of fun to make friends if one can. to enlist

‘ them. in a not sense wo'rk foithé university.

At the same tim‘e.’ livc‘never-one. and I
hope I never become 'one.',whovprefers that
work to the slidinggo‘fv internal connections
with faculty and'i-stude,nts.g0ne' loses one's
roots 0' you do that. ' " ‘
(ialnea: You mean ’not representing
anything? - .
Fields: Yes. r
Gaines: From my understanding of the role
that Vanderbilt University wants you to play.
you are actually going to be the number two
man. ‘l'hcrc‘ll be a number one man who will
be most involved in external affairs. and you
' will be mostly involved internally. l'm
wondering whether you're going to miss some
oi that external work at Vanderbilt?
Fields: Chancellor Herd is the one who
elaborated. and it‘s a very sensitive

elaboration. on this sharing of the historic
elements ofa presidential role. It‘s true that his
is the superior oflice. But both the chancellor
and the president must have a sense of
responsibility and alertness toward all the

historic roles the president plays. and that's

Leaa Power at Vanderbilt?

 not ‘at all”

cahof satisfaction in '

 

the way it'll" be‘—’it's more a matter of
emphasis. I will be'doing a good bit of work
with alumni. he agreat deal more. I'll bedoing
work in raising money. he a great deal more
still. And he will be attending events in the
campus. internally. I a great deal more. So we
share it.

Gaines: Do you l‘ecl as if you are making a
move to a place where you will have less
power? '

Fields: No. I don‘t at all. I’art ot‘that. no
doubt. is because I have a good deal of
achievements to my credit there already. and I
want to nurture those. They need me right
now. You know. in the morning prior to the
extension of the invitation to me. the Board at
Vanderbilt-announced a campaign for SISO
million to which board members and other
friends oftltc universitycontributedjust under
t'orty million. just as a beginning. It‘s a very
strong board. A public university doesn't need
money of that magnitude from the private
sector. but certainly a private university does.
and Alec Herd is going to have all that he can
say grace over in covering that campaign and
bringing it too ﬁnal and ringing closure. I‘ll
have all i can say grace overtoo. and I love the
place.

Gaines: l‘m sure that you cannot predict the
future and were not able to when you left
Vanderbilt in l969. but as the Dean of the
College ol Arts and Sciences there. if you were
to want to become the president someday a
good way to do it would become Vice
President of Houston and then a president
somewhere else and then finally come back.
You couldn‘t have planned it better. so to
speak. Did you ever think ot'that when you
were at Vanderbilt?

Fields: I left Vanderbilt with a sense ol'loss.
knowing that the time had cotne when I had
done about all I could there. attd needed other
things to do to keep me going. I gave up any
thought of being there ttt that time.

Gaines: You did not expect to return?

Fields: I did not expect to return. I only
want to say one otherthing. Some peoplesch
to be able to calculate their lives in neat
stages-wl'm going to this and it will prepare
me for that and so on. But I find all ofthst at
least faintly amusing Life is not that

‘ public university has to‘ handle all‘com'ers. if

they graduate from high school—some states
have-laws to that effect—they" moat-‘t‘bé
admitted to the. university. And we have the

profile of an elite. pri‘Vate inetitution’with

l6.000 applicants for “I900 freshman
places. .‘ . It‘s intriguing that'the very first
issue that students brought upthls‘past year
was that the library hours had been reduced.
They wanted to study. that seemed ,to say.
'l'httt‘s impressive. '

(ialnu: were you at all put oil by student
tactics? How about the Colonial Parking Lot?

Fields: I was distressed over that. it seemed
to me a minor Greek tragedy. I think things
were moving with good conscience on both
parts to a moment when a kind ol‘threatencd
rupture of the relationship between the
administration and students had to be faced. I
didn‘t like that at all. I think it came out all
right in the end. but I didn‘t like it.

Gaines: Arc students here playingas much a
role in the future ol the university as much as
you‘d like? ()r as much as you‘d expect?

Fields: I think the answer to that is yes. I
would welcome their showing ntorc interest in
academic all'airs. but they show a great deal
already. it seems to me. This place has a
reputation. always has ltad. ol being highly
consultative with the students. I am impressed
by their maturity and the poise by and large.

(Saints: You have referred to something
called a collective student memory which is
needed lor them to httvc input ittto university.
I assume that means how well they rcmentbcr
what happettcd belorc. How would you rate

tltc collective student tncmory at this school? I

Fields: As i recall at an cttrlicr time when I
used that phrase I was making a comparison
between students in their four-year life cycle.
or whatever their number of years here might
be. and faculty who. would average a

‘ considerably longer period. And that means

that the collective student memory is
disjunctive inlormation gets lost. so that
students are more likely than faculty to want
to retcrsc a direction that they had passionate
interest in se\et‘a| vears cttrlier. ,

Gaines: Students used to have more ol‘a say
in tenure decisions here a l'ew years before you
came. There wasthe faculty union ., . 
which left. essentially. only the Senate
committee of continuing appointments.
leaving students hardly any input at all into
tenure decisions. Does that disappoint you?

Fields: No. it doesn't disappoint me. I‘ll give
you the candid answer. Student participation
in the making ol tenure decisions seems to me
to be more constricted than a variety of other
things in which they participate. They can
comment very lorccl'ully and perceptivcly on
teaching competence. They are not at a point
in their lives—they've not been
prolcssionalizcd to make discriminating
judgements about scholarship and so they
have hall ofthc proposition to cope with. and
when I think about the matterthe faculty can
do the latter much better.

Gaines: Do you wish you were talking to
students more?

Fields: Yes I do. One of my
disappointments I had the satnc
disappointment at the University at
Houston—~— is this: how do you establish a
sense ol personal connection with a
popultuion ol' I5.000 people? I have never

A diaappolntment:

He couldn't meet 15,000 people

 

been able to find a way tottolvcthis problem. I
move around as much us I have time for and l
don't believe in closcting mysellél do like to
move around and I‘ve met a lot of people and
enjoyed it. llut i know at the same time that
there are those who don't feel a sense of
connection with me. That‘s unfortunate.
because a university, if it is to be proud and
Wholesome must be a community. I don't
know the answer to that. I didn't
tind it here. It's partly ti function ot'the size of

 

PAGE 2A

. _ 
WI” in: do you think that
 nt'lue'ntlal in the two
[I [to-anything where the
ﬂ .ott iluucttion or seemed to be
ny valaeinch'anges to the mission

ouril‘trst question about
he mission statement—l

 think It is one of a veryfundamental character.

‘I know some people think otherwise.
Andlnot'lced that in the ASPthe othcrday
no statement that'students had no input into
that—'that startled me. frankly. because in the
first issuance. in September. ol‘ thc
preliminary draft of» the mission statement
with our invitation for criticism lrntn all
hands. We got a lot of it. and much lrom

students! and. for the most part. very

la recruitment  problem?

- . A limited ‘yee'

 

thoughtful. I’aul Feldman and Steve DiMcol
remember specifically making strong
comments. We rellectcd those criticisms til the
January issue and they had a potent Illlpilt‘l
there.

Gaines: Academic departments ha\c Ililti
some trouble rccrttitingt his year. met the pint
two years in tact. We've had trotthletnthe \Icc
presidential positions. we‘Ve have a \et) hilt“.
agoni/ing process for some ol our death. and
so lortlt. Do you feel that the lltlI\L'l‘\tI_\ I\
having a recruitment problem?

Fields: the answer is a limited )‘us. “all.
universities are always recruiting IilL'llII) illltI
stall. and frequently rccrttitingdeatts and tire
presidents.

It‘s always a long process and )ou Int tnt
some eilorts and tail itt others. the magn- Ill It
is to keep on going with a strong \L'II\|.' oi
purpose and quality. Now. \tc'w Iltlti
successes and we‘ve ltttd failures. tht~ one that
keeps getting said is that people ;l\\it_\ tmm
New York ttrc skittish about coming to \en
York now. . »

Gaines: Unsure about the Illltltc ot this
system? '

Fields: Here we are. the tectonic plates tutti
be still moving and one ought to In- ptntlcnt
attd wait awhile before seeing how lltitl's going
to all shake down; |Sotnc Ittcllll) nlto lt.t\c
declined otters] felt us to be In a latch-23
situation itt which we Were dampened Ill ttllt
attractiveness by the deregtslratton oi lltc

Catch-22:

Faculty/PhD. PhD/Faculty

 

l’h.|). degree and all the attendant ptthlhttt
We needed a strong lacttlty to mummi- the
problem. bill you need t he degree I n .lIll.ttl lltc
laettlty. and the lacttlty to get back the inert-e.
and I keep saying it yott come tt‘ll bet .lisil I5
or ll or something. and ottc success Hittite
that the next success is easier to attain. but
we‘re really not out at the Woods yet

(ialnes: Is that what you think lItl\ wth
should be trying to do and wltat yon‘tt- In't‘tl
trying to do to get that lirsi person

Fields: I still l'trmly beltcxe that
developntcntal platts tor Htstory and l ttgltsh
are sound and creditable plans. Iltc) ought to
be lullillcd.

(ialnesrlm you ever teel as it this school is
being used its a pawn between the trusteeth
the state board of regcnts‘!

Fields: Not in any cttlculating sense on the”
part. but when a grand authority slltltlllit'
chlOPS. the programs. ttt a somewhat tt-tnolc
level. become. as I like to use the lL‘lIlI tI.ll.l
points. They tire not the only llttngtntolxttt

Gaines: There has been a lot oi L‘llllttll‘dl‘
about tltc AAUI’ investigattott WIIlt’Il .th
seems to be about stall ICIfUllL‘IllllL'lth III
People who have tenure. Why do you think
“my decided to take a close look .n tho
university?

Fields: l‘m not entirely
speculation is that their real target is lltc N l'
contract whose retrettcltrncttt pittvmtttts tic
followed scrupuously. They are diltcrent Itotn
the procedure of AAUI’. Obviously We didn‘t
follow AAUI’ procedures. It would haw- l‘L't‘“
unfair labor prttctice httd we done so.

sure lill‘

Gaines: ilave yott had a Silllltlllclttl)

 

: a ;...,I .; ..-;;:‘H~.~MI~V . crgzrruaezr‘i.g...

moat-a. Waikikiw an... .. .

oer, w \_.‘.,.;w. —.

Mitt unit!“ Ill?“
tutti. 5. .tt‘ttrinnt’éaw.

alait'EThei tttt you‘ve made'have freed

' . position! orrcalioeation—

Fielit “That's a very important I point.
Universities” a joup don‘t have that kind of
ﬂexibility now. We have our own resources to

dining: .What have we done with our first
year of ﬂexibility? ‘ _ .

Flelth:  . Business is an outstanding
example. They were running around with their
tongues hanging out. with a huge student load.

.We reallocated lines to the departments and

schools that were in that condition... All
signs‘from the stall in the legislature and in
DOB [Division of the Budget] are that they
respect what we did very much.’a'nd want to
see it progress. . . they know where the place

'is going. Before. if asked. as I did extensively

in the Spring of I975. the typical answer was
“we‘re not entirely sure."_ Now they know.

Gaines: Let's say everything worked out the
way it was supposed to. ()f'coursc we‘re never
quite clear of what we‘re after. in terms of what
our mission is for the university. but can you
describe what the school would be like in 5 or
l0 years?

Fields: 'l'hat's an interesting question.

Gaines: Assuming tltc best. in other words.
what kind of schools would be here. what kind
ol students would be here. what would the
legislature have done?

Fields: Imagining the trajectories already
begun. l'ulfillingthcmsclvcs. it secmsto me this
university ottght to be about the same size 5
years hence. and that the strong programs on

In the luture:

Where will SUNYA be?

 

campus would have been preserved and been
enabled to become even stronger.

l have programs in‘mind like Geology.
Anthropology. German. Criminal Justice.
Atmospheric Sciences and so on. we have
many others.

Gaines: The graduate school of public
allairs loo. . .

Fields: The graduate school. and all the
things that are in need of improvement within
the present set at activities. would ltave risen
to a more illustrious and stttblc condition.

And we would then be doing scholarship
attd teaching in balnitcc with a new generation
ol students by then with astrongert'ttcultyand
with a stronger public sense of who we are and
wltat we are abottt.

We would be dotng tt vartcty ol analytical
things on bchall ol lot'mation ol better public
policy. in which laculty and students.
pttt'ticularlythc graduate students. would ltave
participated attd thus gained a better sense of
what New York state government. what all
state governtttents. are like.

Gaines: You said that the (iovernor. the
legislature ttnd the Division ol Budget are
pleased with the dtrection the university is
going.

Fields: l'hat's rigltt.

Gaines: They [the legislature] did cttt the
State Management Institute ottt oi whatever
they got lrom the division oi budget. Wastltat
a disappointment'.’

Fields: Yes. it was. It‘s ttot a catastrophy.
'l here‘s still hope that we‘ll get that 535.000
back in tile supplemental budget.

You know. the state managemcttt institute
was not a new thing. it's the previously natned
l’ublic Executive Project. and it's for short
courses to middle management in state
agencies. The langttagc with which the
legislature cut that $35,000 said in cl'lect. ‘we
like it. we hope you'll keep on dotngit.‘ Illll dtt
ll 0" II‘Il [grants or tuition] instead ol direct
appropriations. which is the way we laid been
doing it all along.

Gaines: What kind ol prestdent do yott
think should tollow you here? Do you have at
vision oi tltc kittd ol person this place needs
now?

Fields: Oh. i suppose I do. I lttthn't taken
much time to develop it.

You know it‘s bad manners for one
president to speein the qualities needed bylht:
next president. and I try to stay scrupulously
out of that. I'll offer thottghts it asked.

Gaines: l'm asking.

Flatt: It‘s going to take a strongman; I

think that the old picture held by some people ‘9‘
of a president benign and ceremonial Iﬂ’ﬂlf'. :I'l‘here

role. is not good for these times. and not good

for this campus. lie ought to be atrong'he. ‘  ' "

ought to perceive every new development that '-
baa potentiality for progreuand of .coune.’-,

believing as I do that .our basic. our?

fundamental acts. hereswer'e in the righi.

' direction] wouldbe hopet'ul'that he would
. l'ultill these directions. .
Gaines: Do you go away with any major‘

regrets? .

Fields: Yes I do. I had no idea two years ago
that we would still be by now in thethick ot'the
authority struggle between the [SU N Y]

trustees, and the SED [State Education

Department] on Doctoral review. And that
lingers as a problem. ljust wish I know how
it‘s going to come out.

Gaines: Are there any other disap-
pointments that stick in your mind?

Fields: 0h. l‘m awareofjust time to time
having made a mistake. Usually. they were of
such a nature that some other act could
overcome it. And I‘ve already alluded to the
more or less lingering disappointment [that I
don't have] a close personal connection with
everybody in a complex organization.

We h:th been looking at every one of the
program terminations of last year to see il'thc
lactors that led tothat decision atthttt time are
altering. And I know or one or two cases that
they may be.

Gaines: Could you name them?

Fields: No. I don‘t want to do that because
until it‘s clear. my nanting them simply lifts
hopes that aren't ready to be lifted.

Gaines: Faculty. some calling themselves
tltc Committee ol'Concerned Faculty.say you
are destroying the university. How do you
react to that?

Fields: The Committee of Concerned
l‘aeulty remains a bit mysterious to me at this

time. We don‘t know who they are. except for ‘

those several persons who periodically speak
itt their beltall. and we know them from the
newspapers.

The charge that I would think most grave is
that we are abandoning our dedication to
liberal education. I do not think that's true. I
see the concerned Iaculty as in fact concerned
and have no grounds at all with which to
dottbt their earnestness. i see them
also. . . reactive to changing events. They've
ttot proposed new directions. they have simply
been troubled by the ones they saw.

(,iaines: Let‘s take an example. The
Environmental Studies program. which
appeared to be relatively cheap. since it was
really only one line.

Fields: 'l'wo lines.

(.‘aines: two lines. arid it was very popular
among students and does seem to lit ittto the
public policy area. Also. the task force
recommendation lor it doesn't suggest a
replacement any dillerent lrom the present
program.

Fields: Well. it was puzzling. attd all the
things yott shy about it are correct.
linvtronmcntal Studies are important. tnorc
now titan cvcr belorc. Attd it does lit or could

An example:

Environmental Studies

 

be made to lit the public policy thrust. I guess
the tttuck answer Is lltat the conclusion was

which chines . 1,.
- snot her role somewhere else.
" late to be ot'anypse.

governmenta-it'ls the _t'undamental concern‘ofj‘; .-
'-I’rcsident Carter to simplify the federal .

,, I
39.000 and yo'

in'the state of, New York

establishment with tewer_ttgencies. but it‘s an _'

important, problem for-till- Americansethis .
anniversin included. '

i Gaines: Whatvdo you say in someone who, 
feels you’re dcserting II sinking ship?

.. hit a . , ’
‘and to be somewhat confused for awnilg

elsewherejn the majority of theipopulu‘s.

it then: began to rise. and it is still rising;

why did] they rise? Well. there's some kind of "
cleansing effect. . . ' I
Gaines: Arc yo cntiallyoptimistic now?
Fields: l'm esse fully optimistic.
' Gaines: For [both Vanderbilt and this
school? - ' . . ‘.

' .’ VFieIIit: Yes.

 

SUNYA has
changes In

signiﬁcant.

Dal

The data below reﬂects the basic changes
tenure of President Emmett II. Fields. The

Regents Scholarship ranking are probably not

undergone during the two-year

applications per place and in

a t'tlurlarj'of Dwight C. Smith. Dirt't'ltrr
of Institutional RFM'UIC/l.

 

DEGREE PROGRAMS
, BACHELORS ..
MASTERS:
DOCTORATES:
TOTAL:

FACULTY
FULL-TIME:
PART-TIME:
TOTAL:
TENURED:

NON-FACULTY PERSONNEL
MANAGEMENT:
NTP a LIBRARIANS:
CLASSIFIED (Secretarial,
Custodial, etc.):

 

STUDENTS
UNDERGRADUATES:
GRADUATES:
TOTAL:

1974-5 1976-7
Fall Spring Fall Spring

9.898 9.674 10.173 9.669

4.623 4.701 4.500 4.318
14.521 14.375 14,87313.987

 

that we ltad gottctt oil to uni ‘ 1 ‘ start
antl we needed to start over again.

the program was dcstgttcd with a core
course plus other courses already available ttt
various other departments. We keep all those.
and eliminate the core. that grows lrotn a
lairly Widespread tacttlty lceling. l'rottt atnong
those who looked at n. that It‘s [the core] really
not very substantial. I regret havrng to say II
that plainly. bttt that was tltc basis ol it. It's
true right ttow that we stand without a clear
alternative. I do tlttnk that the longer term
ttttttte ot the university should hold in it some
more robust address toenvtronmcntalissues.

(iuines: At the lacttlty meeting on Monday
you rclet'tcd to a problem ol over—regulation
oi the ttnivct‘silttcs itt New York.

Fields: I was alluding there to sortie
obtlnratc problctns that remain tor the
university. It was not rclttlcd. however. to my
calculations about leavingto goto Vanderbtlt.
(ioing to Vanderbilt ltttd no factors in it oi

APPLICATIONS PER
FRESHMAN OPENING:

STATEWIDE PERCENTILE
RANKING ON REGENTS
SCHOLARSHIP EXAM OF
MEDIAN ACCEPTED
FRESHMEN:

NUMBER OF
SECTIONS OFFERED:

AVERAGE SECTION SIZE:

 

Fall. '14 Fall. '77

9.5 8.5

 

 

PAGE 3A

ALEANY STUDENT PRESS

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS MAY l 1977

 

 

 

