altruism-em A,

“ff/full!!!”

ml \‘t'rliM'IllL'IIl

mlrerliieliieiil

ml i‘i'i ll.\r‘lllt'lll

\

ll(I\‘l'rIf.\('Ill|‘lll tlrll'lTIf.\c'llft‘lll

utlrrt menu-m

atlrt'ruu-rm-m

arlrrrriimneirr

mln-riisernciu

eliminated at SUNY/l. ' .
In the last two years there has been it Still
increase in tuition. Sititl increase in room rent

' i t In lhttflttttl fhree yea'rtitwenty programs tvere

' and a Sl'l health fee. -

last year a pay parking Itit was constructed
on a lield at Colonial Quad against student
wishes. I
I he University is consideringabolishingthc
SI'.\'YA buses and allowing CD'l‘A to take
oter' bus .service against the student
opposition. -
lliese ineidetits are only a few of maity
issues that all students should be aware of.
the Student tinioniring Movement is not a
llIlltlli. SUM is the vehicle through which we
cart reach the Union by raising the student
body‘s consciousness of tire need fora Union.
SIIS'YA students are alfeeted by many
common issues but tiredivided cit her by major
or residence. making it difﬁcult to fight for

tire Issues Committee has been doing
researelt on a number os issues presently
lacing SUNYA students. Presently, we ltavc
committee members researching health care.
ltousitrg (on and oft-campus). the bookstore.
and academic and educational issues.

A strategy and plan of action was drawn up
by the coritriiittee met the proposed lakeove'i'
oi SUNYA buses by CD'IA. The Monday
Si \I meeting \\il| discuss and vote on this
issue.

lletelopirig an tsstte is it process requiring
many stages. in order ltll gcrteral greivances.
the grrctanecs become an issue. Research
riittst tlteii he conducted to produce: I) a
coherent list ol grieiaiices. which are specilic

'alrd \\ll|t.'ll connect tlieirt all toa specilic catisc.

.li .\ list oi demands which cxplamthe eauscol
the problem and demand specilie changes to
he Implemented. .ii A target - the target itrtist
he spcetltc. pr'clcreably a pcrsort. rat liertltait a
general agertey. In choosing ll target we titttsl
choose someone \\lltl has the atithoiity to
make the changes atid cart be tllti\t.‘tl. All
actions shotild be directed at tile target. 4) A
plart ol action. this includes both short and
long term strategy. lacties sltottld he
dctcloped _\\luch \till lorce the target to
ctipitttlate. 5) Most importantly. a delinite
goal to be won li'om tlte action. llrc goal ritttsl
be both realistic arid specilic.

In cltoosittg an issue. \\c must choose one
that. lirs‘l. has a reasonable chalice lor success
and two. allects large segments ol st iidetits.
Once we rccogitt/e that collecthcly‘ students
hate a lot til potter to pressitre administrators
through \at'iotis means. issues cart be
detelopcd and won.

 

SUM UP STAFF

Eileen Margolitr ....  .......  laditoi

.Iiiekey (iold............
Ken (itiuld 
Vii: lananuclo .
Diana Kubliind..
Frank Sheetnin ...
lltch ('hown... 

 Layout

Special thanks to the SUM Cotirinittees.
Student Association. and the Allurin-
Sim/cit! l‘rtni.

common interests. Decisions involving,
SUN YA students are made with little or up
student input. A student union would consist
ol individual students lightingtogethcr to gain
direct political power in all' levels of
educational and social policy decision
making. 'I he union structure will be absolutely
democratic and will get its strength from the
participation and knowledge of its members.
A student union will not work within the
framework defined by the administration as
the Student Association does. The Union
would be devoted to altering campus
conditions. often against the will of the
bureaucrats. but rather air arena for the
dissemination and discussion of important
ideas and a medium for sludcrit decisions on
strategies and tactics l‘orehanging campus life.
Our administration asks us to both
participate and not participate in our
educational system. We are told tvc must learn

the Organization Cotinnittec held it‘s Itist
nreetirtg ten days ago and entire tip with the
lollowrng ideas lor' ti course of action: I) to get
Ill touch with. all l{.A.‘s and let them know
aboitt the Student Uniorri/ing Movement.
'I his will be dorte by a Unioni/ing
tomnttitee on each qtrad (example Dutch
Unioni/ing Committee who will have
speakers giving a pitch for the
movement at Dortn. Steering
t orititiittcc and Quad Iloar'd Meetings. 2) the
()igani/atiou Committee is also compiling a
list of all SA recogrn/cd groups ill order to
appoint a ltason person to each group for the
purpose of introducing the llitiort and
shorting how it iitigtrt he uselul to them. Also
caclt will be asked to stihiitit a list of aims.
interests and particular grievances that tltcy
hate to the ()t'gani/tition Cotnrnittec. .I) the
t outmittee is clteekitig into the candidates for
Central Council and tiriditigottl how lliey lecl
about the trnioii. Il' anti-Union candidates are
training unopposed than Unionists will he
encouraged to challenge. 4) l Ire word is being
spread and stipport mustered on Altitnni
Quad where the (‘DIA hits issue is at major
concern. According to tire Comttiittee. last
years q ttad board president. .Iei'ry
Mcndelbaurn is playing an instrumental role
lll achieving this. 5) the Committee has also
distributed Stitderrt Union Surrey polls on
Quad Dinner lines to get feedback on the
Cl) | A issue from-the studeiits.t l he results of
the poll will lollow the Committee Reports).
the l‘ittaltce Committee is investigating
trays ol making money tosuppor't the Student
l trtonI/ing Mo\cineitt. Central Council
loading was not asked by SUM due to

Health Fee Repeal
Now Being Planned

SUSYA students are tron paying a St7
ltcaltlt Ice lot lower quality iiealtlt care. It tsa
clearly disguised t ititron htkethrtt nas reqttired
by the legislature to raise art additional $2.]
million. IIie retentie trill not go toward
iiiipt‘oiiitg health serytecs htrt toward it
gcitcral lttiid. lti tact ten per cent oi the tottil
Sl'.\\' heallli stall has been cliinirttited met‘
the past two years.

A state wide drir c to iatorrrt students about

 

 ,.luai.tyrsﬁseen in Open Minds

to make responsible decisions. yet we are not
allowed to make actual decisions. We are told
that education is an active process. yet we are
passively trained. We are criticired for our
ttpathy and our activity. In the name of
lrecdom we are trained to obey.

What we are trying to do is create a full
student awareness and direct consciousness
concerning these affairs. and continue the
educational process intothese areas. where the
University leaves off towards art effective
knowledgable. student democracy.

lbc Student Association of the State
llrtiversity is a seven year old coalition of
student governments from State University
campuses. SASU is in the process of

restructuring. changing from art association,

organi/ed from top dowrt to one which
tinolvcs individuiil slitdents on a grassroots
leicl. SASU is helping to build organizing
committees at each member campus. l'heir

SUM Committee. Reports

tedtictiort ol SA cltih status attd SA controls
on spending.

liekcts lor SUM sponsored rattle will
tentatively go on sale Monday. October It) at
75 cents each or 2 tickets for Still). there will
only he .lSll tickets printed sotltat chattecs are
good lor the buyer. lltere will be three prizes
ollercd: lst pri/c is :1 I2 inch lllack and White
TV; 2nd prize is a Campus Entertainment
package and 3rd prire is a gift certificate to
either the Record Co-op or elsewhere. The
drawing date will be announced.

October 18, 1977

 

initial task will he to develop a movement Ior
rolling back tuition and improviitg t he quality
ol education at SUNY.

On our campus SASU committees are
aiding SUM toward development ol n
suecesslul Student Union.

the establishment of a suecesslul Ilninn
depends on the creation of tilt integrated
orgain/ational structure. SUM has been
divided into four committees.

the lssUes Committee is responsible tor
research and gathering of illlttl‘lllttlitttt. in
dealing with the issttes this coriirrtittec must
develop lines ol tliottglit. articulate these
thoughts into clear perspectives. anti their
think tip ways to implement actions along
these lines. It is their job to deal \\t|lt.
understand and translate these issues to the
organization as a whole.

Ihe I’ublieity Corrtrnittce is responsible tot
keepittg union aim non-union tllL‘tllltels
irtlormcd ol all llrttoit affairs. I’iihltcity
includes the use ol posters. newsletter. lllltt‘les
and other inlot'mation sources.

the ()rgani/ational Committee is a direct

Irrie betwecritlie lInron.trid SUNYA. Ihcy .nc
responsible tor gettiitg Quad lloards. .s\
lttrided groups. artd other orgam/ations to
Jttlll or support the Union. this Cttltltttltlet‘ r.
sub-divided so that i‘cspresentation L‘\Isls tn
the quads and ol'l-caiitptis.
The Strategy Committee is composed ol all
the committee chairpcople. They are direttly
responsible for carrying out the decisions oi
the general SUM membership. 'I‘heirjob is to
organize the gcncrtil interest meetings. to
make up the agendas. and to design the best
procedure by which any action of SU M can ht-
carried out.

 

Opinion Poll Results

the Student Opinion Survey.
sponsored by SU M overtlte CD'I'A issue.
received more than |.lltl0 rcponses. The
purpose of the survey was to find out how
the students felt about this pressingissue.

When asked their opinion of the
proposed takeover of SUNYA‘s bus
service by CD I A. the ptrll showed that 26
were in favor ol the 'tkcover. ()9 htid no
opinion arid 925 were against it.

On the question ol whether or not tltcy
would support SUM iti ti possible
attempt to stop such a takeover. 859
students said that they would sttpporl
such an attempt. (it) said that they would
not. and 41 students had no opinion.

CDTA Open Hearings

()pen hearings were held on the
proposed CDIA takeover of the SUNY
btis ser'tiee on Sept. 20 and 20. the
Student Unroni/atiort Movement had

 

demanded tltc hearings at their first
membership meeting. ()vcr dill) students
attended the first hearing arid over 200
were at the Sept. 26 hearing. They were
anything but satisfied with what they
were told by SUNYA and (‘DlA
officials. Some points which stirred rtittelr
anger were the lack of service on
Washington Avenue. the future ol the
SUNY bus drivers. the ﬁnancial stability
trf CD'IA. and the feelings among
students that CDIA's proposed sertrec
would not he equiuilent to. or as reliable.
as the present service. Anger also
surfaced when John Ilartigaii stated that
SUNY feels no rcportsibility to the oil-
canipus population and that lie would
sign the corttracl with'CDl A regardless
of student opiitioit. A CD I A Awareness
Day is being tentatively scheduled.
should Mr. Hartigan rcliisc to yield to
student opinion.

 

 

Ilr.rill.)\ 114.14,)»

mammua.» tlm

mu :4». tpn

m.

manusun- .pn Iu.-ru.-sui.l t/n'

maiumrun tpn

u/m

“mun...” ,.,. mum-.1“

.. IsljtJt/I'r

HlJllthlltJtl‘l‘

 

Deadline dates for mailing in abicnlee [Mums call Bel delayi!’

The voter registration drive reach-
ed 23 per' cent of the undergraduate
population according to SASU
delegate Sharon Ward. '

The 3 week drive. sponsored by
several student organizations.
registered 900 voters and gave
applications for absentee ballot
forms to another l375 students.

Most ofthe voters came from New
York City. Long Island. and Albany
according to Ward.

“We knew it was an off year and
the major elections were in Albtiny.
New York City. Nassau. and Suffolk
counties. We‘re looking forwardtoa
follow up drive in the spring. Next
year is it big election year." said
Ward.

Problems?
Middle Earth
457-5300

absentee ballot applications and
absentee ballots will be publicized
through ridit in the ASP

A hoilinc will beset up Nov. I-4 so
students who have not received their

cleared up.
No speciﬁc information about in-

«dividual candidates is offered this

year. although according to Word.
that is a possibility for next year.

Eleven Students Elected >  _
To Central Council Posts.-

Elevcn members were elected to
Central Council and two to Un-
iversity Senate positions in elections
held last week.

James Mitchell Ill rind Guy Van
Baalen were elected to University
Senate. Both are commuters.

('ommuter Winners

The Central Council winners in—
cltided l'ivc commuters: Craig
Weinstock; Jeff Uindi: Peter J.

(iallasso; Romelle Isaacs and Norm
Schwartz.
0n Indian Qutid. I’aul Glom and
Jackie Schwarz were victorious.
Other winn‘ers included Tom
Wallace on Colonial Quad: Mark
Stollar on Alumni Quad: Mitcli
Canter on Dutch Quad titid David
knife on State Quad. The new
Council members will be sworn iii
tomorrow night.
%

BRIALAILSALE

To promote the use of what we feel is a short distance sane commuting alternative in the
SUNYA community,during October a SUNYA staff, faculty or student ID will entitle the bearer
to ct 20% discount on the purchase 'of any

PUCH MOPED

i 0
EIIII III! (Kl!

154 Quail - noor Washington

Thur. - Fri. I2 - 6, Sat. 9 - 4

434-I7ll

This sale will not be open to the general public. ..

i

ill!

MULTI SPEED BICYCLE SALES AND SEFVICE

 

@Udﬂ

radar

C] Disco heqdc

PRESENTS:

October 20, 21, 22, 23

Reservations 21 Must!
Phone (518) 785-6930

Halloween Costume Ball Sat., 0c-

tober 29

and Sunday, October 30
“Cash Prizes”

Disco “Top” tDJ’s
l0:00 I’M - 4:00 AM
Thurs.. Fri., Sat., Sun.

A New York City Review

Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday

Ms. Aby
Mr. Keith

 

, » tut/won
Aocortlno to SASU Dclogoto Sharon Word. the 1971 voter registration
drive root-tqu 900 student. as new voter. from Sept.“ - 20.,

World Series Games a Hit
With Fans in Lecture Halls.

the sixth game of the World
Series will be shown on a large video
screen in LC 2 tonight with SA
providing free munchies and beer.
according to SA President Dave
(iold.

(iold said that live kegs of beer
have been ordered for the viewing of
tie game between the Yankees and
the Dodgers at Yankee Stadium
"the Yankees currently lead tttrec
games to tivo in the best of seven
series. Should the Dodgers win
tonight. (iold said that the scveittli
game will also be shown iii the lec-
lure center.

(iamcs three. four and live were
shown iii the leetttrc center over the
weekend. An estimated crowd of
over 300 showed tip for game three

on Friday night ttnd the crowd
roared with every pitch of the grime
as the Yankees defeated the
Dodgers.

The partison Yankee fttns cheered.
chanted players names and porindcd
their hands in rythmie beats much
like at the ballpark. ‘l'hc minority
Dodger fans also voiced their views.
usually in direct contrast to the
Yankee fans. except when Howard
Cosetl tippearcd on the screen. which
united the whole lecture center in
boos.

Gold said that the idea to show i he
games came from Doug Horowitz. a
student who lives on Indittn Quad.
liorowitl. called Gold and then nict
personally with himtotalk about the

 

Our l'iberfilled vest is long
wearing Nylon for long wearand
complete freedom of movement.
A campus
navy. red. or royal blue. S. M. L.
XL.

 

FIBER FILLED

idctt.

vcsrs

favorite in green.

St 5.95

 

 

 

 

 

OPEN

Thursdays
Fridays
Saturdays
Sundays

4:00 PM—
4:00 AM

LC 18
7:00 & 9:30 pm

Friday, Oct. 21 ‘
Saturday, 0ct.22

1281 MW loudon rd.
route 9
t-thnm, n.y.

 

the health lee tirtd collect ltl.tltltl sigrtitiires is 7856930

being urgent/ed by SASt I. Help is desperately

 

 

 

Altimw iris/rim: In lain I/u' SUM U" “I temomlcr him ivlwv‘hc mantis mo"; pom;

 

 

ALL THE PRESIDENT’S MEN ‘ “3'

Special student discount at door with l.

.l‘ltl/I. [Ili'ait' mnlur/ Iii/cert Margo/iii In
((146 or ill 457-4064.

needed to orguttile this drive on campus.

[:qu  Hr. Wan vnammvntnvalvrd, umomntttrtl,

and Sr

-mtmd. Now. he's» a min in 1hr ass."

 

 

 

lllJruJu I1.).\( In

PAGE FIVE

Contact Sharon Ward iit CC 346.

 

 

 

 

 

mien 1f.\r‘l"(‘!ll

OCTOBER 18. 1977 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

udwrliiwnwrl m/r't'rmwm-iii tlt/l't'rlf.\t‘illi'lll "drm’w'm’m “dwmmw'” “‘I"""I'“""""’ utlt't'rtiseiiit'iit mlverliwiiieiit ut/l't'l‘lftt'lllt‘lil

 

 

