 

 

 

by Better) 7 _ , r _
- In these days'of ﬁscal austerity. fundingfor

the State Universitysystern isconstantly being -

threatened with cutbacks. Last year wasanes-

v peciitlly hard one for SUNY and CUNY gs

Governor Carey‘s budget proposed massive
cuts. ‘ '

These massive cutbacks were the ﬁrst of

their kind for New York State funded higher ’

education. and reaction to them was quite
loud. Individual schools appointed their task
forces and committees to see what was to go
‘ itnd what was to stay. Students did what they
were best at they protested. The rally at the
Capitol was large and spirited. Students broke
into the barricaded buildiitg in an attempt to
influence legislators who wegc scheduled to
meet on the topic of the budget cuts. They
didn‘t appreciate this “state of siege“ and.
ihiisly. didn‘t meet.
0

A year has come and gone. and so have
many academic programs and departments.
However. the excitement seems to have died
down. We have little rciison to believe that the
money lost as a result of last year‘s massive
cuts will he restored to the budget. and we
must always be wary of further cuts. Keeping
all of this in mind. schools mttst think of ways
to sine money so as to insure a high quality
education at a low cost.

In order to study the situation let us use the
Albany catnpiis as a microcosm of the
SUNY CUNY system. In order to make tip
for the massive cuts iii the budget the ad-
ministration at SllNYA decided some
academic programs were tio loitger necessary.
Ilie administration's scalpcls dug deep as

 save t ‘

I rna’n’y‘dcpartments were reduced or totally cut

out. 'Noimiiginittion was used in trying tocope

-with‘. the. budget reductions. We're talking

about a university v:-'supposedly a cent/er for
higher learning andcrcative thought. Ap-
parently the school wasn't totally lacking in in-
novative thought. I would personally like to
commend the» Hebrew department for its
avant gitrdc reaction to the budget crunch. If
you look iii a class schedule you'll see that
most of the Hebrew courses listed are taught
by Zvi Ahbo. Zvi Abbo is dead. yet he is still
listed and does in fact teach these classes.
We‘ve all had some really dead professors. but
really dciid'.’ All of Zvi Abbo‘s lectures are on
videotape. and are shown on television in
class. i

There are advantages as well as disadvan-
tages in this. hiii the economics of it are un-
deniable. The chief drawback that f can see is
the difficulty one might have in completing an
iticomplctc grade. Putting this aside fora mo-

-inctii. let‘s look at the advantages ofemploy-

ing dead professors.
0

First. aitd perhaps most obvious. is the
question ol salary. A dead professor would
receive a minimal salary at most. and possibly
a bonus to cover funeral costs.

The problem of getting tenure would be a
moot subject. What dead person would even
apply for tenure (although there are some
stills who have applied for and even gotten
ienure)‘.l

Parking space. now at a premium on the
Albany campus. would become more plentiful
as professors died. The controversial parking
lot recently btiilt next to Colonial Quad could

 

 

10
564110” mm at GOVERNMENT
WAT/us nighttime it; FREE.

 

 

 

 

 



_ Mornup. replaced by earth and grass. and -

turned into a nice cemetery. .,

I, In addition to the question of salary there
are other economic advantages. The univer-
sities employing dead professors could sell
television air time to commercial sponsors.
Besides bringing in needed revenue. this plan
would help to break the monotony of boring
classes. Every ten minutes or so iherccould be
a commercial break during which the students
could turn the channel to another class or step
outside fora beer.

An interesting side effect ol'this whole dead
professor schctnc is the diminishing ofthe grip
that television has on our lives. Looking at
today's education system we 'can see the

‘typical student who goes to classes all day (ac-

tually. this is the theoretical typical student).
comes hontc after school. and flips on the
television to My Three Sons or Adam 12 or
whatever. in the dead system that I am
proposing. the student will come home after a
long day of watching television. will be sick of
television. and will certainly not want to watch
any tnorc. Furthermore. the association
between televised classes and television will
make tclcv isiott a repulsive thing in the eyes of
students.

If we wiin to release future generations from
the clutches ol the tube. and maintain the
economic viability of higher education. we cati
start by killing our kindergarten teacher and
progressing witli the deaths of grade school.
junior high. and high school teachers. The
culmination would he the putting to sleep of
college professors.

Now kids. turn olfthose televisions. and go
out and kill your favorite teacher.

nypirg notes 

 

 

.  you’re
'90an lm

To the Editor:

It was way back in the summer of I972. itsa
sub-freshman during summer orientation.
when l’iirtit heard about WSUA. the campus
radio station. At that time, the big rumor
about the radio station was that it was going
to “go FM" in the near future. Despite all the
internal and external problems the station \l as
experiencing. no thought seemed more eti-
couraging than the one ofa brand-new. glass-

. enclosed. sound-proof FM studio.

Well. it‘s been ﬁve years.'l have graduated.
moved to a different state. chosen a new
career. undjust recently heard that WSl ‘.r\ has

_ finally received approval from the l'Ctli'l'tll
Communications Commission to begin Lilli-
struction on their FM studim'
Congratulations—it‘s about iimc!

Best wishes and lots of luck . . .you'll llCL'tl
it!

Doug Leviaiida
WSUA Sports Director. |974»llt‘fi

all about
grievance

To the Editor:
about grievance procedures. 'l'lieretotc. [in
[Mt wants to itiakc its function plain lllt

shall insure iiitd review procedures fill in
dividual

 

UAC itielf  not administer any grievance
machinery. Instead each college and school
must provide its otvn grievance procedure.
Section X of the Undergraduate Bulletin
clearly states the following:

Each academic unit of SUN Y-Albany has

' grievance procedures whereby .rt'udents can

have complaints against an instructor in-
vestigated. Students should contact the ofﬁce
of the damp] the academic unit involved if

further information is desired.

A student with an academic grievance
would normally try to work out a solution
wiilt the instructor and then the dcparttnent
chairman‘ before going to the dean‘s office.

Barbara Rotundo
('Iiairnian of UAC

so long,
farewell

'lo the Milan

1 would like to thank all tltc people iii the
llni\cisiiy (’ommuitity who have ever helped
solve my problems. stopped by just to say
hello. acknowledged my efforts. worked with
me (not against me). let me cry on their
shoulder. cried on my shoulder. covered for
my mistakes (yes. even I have made mistakes).
\llld thanks. remembered me during National
Secretary‘s Week. been nice to another

secretary because of me. and treated me like a
person! *

dividually ~ you know who you are. (To all
who do not fit into any oft be above. you know
where you can go.) l‘ll miss you all.evcn those
he never inei. -

'fo the Editor:

School ol Business hits bestowed upon me.
Alter reviewing their credentials as a business
school my c 'cl'ully. it is with absolutely no
rcgrcls whatsoever that l reject their offer.

them in the near future.

There are too many of you to thank in-

Siilly (ioodall
Student Association Secretary
l969-l977

a gracious
refusal

I greatly appreeiiitc the acceptance the

I am looking ltll‘\\‘tll’tl to not working with

(ilcii Weiitbatitii

 

 

The Albany Student Press welcontnletters
to the editor. 1 cttcrs' must be typewritten.
triple-spaced. and signed. Names will be
withheld on request. Please bring or send
letters to Campus Center Room 329 by
Wednesday for publication in the Friday
issue and bySundayfarthc Tuesday Lime.

 

 

Students atid faculty frequently {lllL'Nllvtlt
the Uttdcrgraduatc Academic Coiiiteiltl \f l
University fly-Laws say that “the (‘ounril

student academic grieiant-tw .Il
school and college level.“ in other “Hills. litt'

 

What is the Future of

'l he lcmporary Commission on the Future
of Postsecondary Education has been
meandering around New York State these
past several weeks asking people's opinions
on. you guessed it. the future of postsccondary
education. Most of the responses were fairly
predictable. What was surprising. however.
was how few speakers noted the difficulty (ab-
surdity) Ill disc  g New York's higher
education system. divorced frotn considera-
tion of New York's general welfare.

Postsecondary education expenses make up
only a portion. albeit a relatively large por-
tion. of New York State's total budget.
Isolating these expenses. holding them up for
close examination and thcti deciding which
direction to go makes little sense unless con-
sideration is given to other issues. such as the
relative Importance of postsecondary educa-
tion compared or contrasted to other state ser-
vices. lf (iovernor Carey's brain trust. forex-
ample. points New York‘s economic
resurgence in the direction of attracting cleiin.
high technology industry. thcnastrong higher
education system is an essential prerequisite
for the success of this strategy. ()it the other
hand. it expansion of basic agriculture or
heavy industry were the chosen routes then
higher education would almost certainly
decrease in importance.

Fortunately for advocates iii favor of cx~
panding or at least maintaining present
postsecondary education services. few
reputable experts believe that agriculture or
heavy industry are the prime routes toward
economic recovery. This does not mean that
the present education structure will remain
untouched. Undoubtedly. the shakeout in the
private sector schools will continue. More
iimtill. financially-strapped institutions are
certain to close in the near future despite new
tiid formulas. Consolidation of programs will

 

. in public sector schools. In addition.

 

Postsecondary Education.

“nun-55...”. ..
u. u. ...

far greater emphasis is certain to be placed or:
adult uiid continuing education progiaiin .i
well as oti programs at all |c\c|s otteiiiig [lltlt
tical triiining.

Even if the economic rccmery stiatcgv tin
tales expanded higher education SCHIH“
there is no indication that the approprtnitom
needed to support such growth would be .tht
to slip through the pincers ol the L‘ttt'cttl
economic crisis. There is every indication that
merely maintaining present services will chi
the political strength of higher education \ll|‘
porters.

The basic problent is that New Yoik Siult
lacks a coherent strategy and. noise. lllt' u 1
to implement a strategy should one in
developed. This permits (iovernor (Int-t I.»
campaign on the West Side of Mttnll.tll.ili
ttgttinsl construction til an Intel \Iali
highway. and tltcii to appear \\Illt out your
Secretary of lfftllbptll’lillltlll ('olctnnit .Il |
press conference supporting such consult.
tion. "I he (inventor and legislative harden
decry the Northeast‘s lucl shitl'lttgc with
measures to conserve energy which lime Int :.
implemented elsewhere fatiguiin oi dic in
Senate or Assembly committees,

"Drifting" is the best way to desciilic \t\\
York at this time. It is not possible. lllCl’L‘ltllt'
for the Commission on the l‘ttltllt' t-I
Postsecondary Education to exert detenti- ll|
fluencc. This is no criticism of the Commission
not it rcllcctiott on useful Sllggcslliills and
recommendations that likely will result Itoin
its activities. it is a recognition. liowctei.t|i.ti
while higher ediicaiioii tlcvcloptttcnis. in
themselves. will not have iiiajoi influence on
the stale recovery strategy. that strategy or Il\
absence may have decisive and. in the minds nl
many. disastrous iiiipact on ltiglicr education
New York State‘s strapped uiiiversutes citiiiiul
withstand much additional drift or polic)‘ ill“
rupiion.

 

 

J

Here Comes the
Old Swine Flu Program

by Scott Shaiti

The word is that the swine flit shot program
is about to be resurrected from its rightful
place in the dustbin. Nostalgia buffs may
remember- swine llll as the epidemic that
wasn‘t. Supposedly. there were one or two
documented cases of flu. A genuine case of
swine llii. however. was like the Loch Ness
monster: nobody had ever seen it. hiii
everybody knew somebody who had. The
White House was predictiiiga inajorcpidcmic
with a curious atid morbid amoitnt ol'pridc. It
was as though lltc disease was part of a
itatiotial prestige. It scented America was lagg~
ing behind the rest of ilic world in the disease
race. After all. liiiropc had long been vying for
world sitprcmacy iii the field ol'cpidciiiics. The
Europeans got iliejiimp on us with the lllack
Plague. It killed one-fourth of mankind. you
know. It‘s a sad day for America when those
frogs and limcys come tip with a plague that
u'oaks a quarter of humanity. and we can‘t
even get a flti epidemic off the ground.

This fails. however. to explain the revival
of a program which met with such poor
response last year. My conversation with it
high-ranking public health official was no
more enlightening.

“Sir. what is the reason for the swine flu
program?"

“Simple. We‘re working to save America
from a crippling disease now menacing hun-
dreds of millions of people."

"Isn't it [lift that there has not been cvcti ii
single documented case of swine llu'.’"

“Yes. Aren‘t we doing a good job?"

Aliurcaucrats know nothing. l next spoke
with two physicians who had worked oit the
program. They obviously had been inhaling
tltc old rubbing alcohol.

“Doctors. ahoiit tlic swine flu shot. . 

“Swine fill shoi'! l'liai‘s the one where they
have a cure for art unknown disease. We gave
thttt thing tip. Some people were getting
paralyzed from the waist down. alter iakiitg
the shot."

“And after Ford got his shot. he was
paralyzed front the neck up!"

i was getting nowhere. Luckily. ifyoti know
where to look. iltc motives behind the flu shot
program are easily understood.

You can't imagine the anxiety with which
His Accidettcy the President viewed the up-
coming '76 election. He was coming into
lhc home stretch with campaign slogans like
"Might as well vote Ford" and “Vote for Jerry
--— he's not so bad". This was the old indecisive

iiitagc (’ai'lci' was no better. llis claim that he
“committed adultery to my heart“ pro\cd he
was :i lllllll of words and itof action. llic ioh
belonged to the first tnaii L'ttptll'tlL‘I I display tag
it little tlUt‘lSl\L‘llC.\\.

Passing out those WIN buttons just didn't
do the trick for Ford. The idea ofsiamping out
an epidemic had a certain ring to it. though. If
ilicre was no epidemic to begin with. that
would only go to prove he was doing a good
job. In all fairness to Ford. no President ever
did anything that was not politically inspired.
They can‘t help it. It's in their blood.

Why did people respond so poorly to the
shut progratn‘.’ (the reason was Mr. l-ord‘s
poor "shot—taking" performance. Shot-taking
has sort of replaced baby kissing. The people
have got to see the President get his first. He
performs a role similar to that of the king‘s
food taster. Ford cringed before the needle
and softly intoned. “Will it hurt?“ The effect
was ruined.

A second reason was the nature of the shots
tncdili blit/. Most of the tid\crtisiiig campaign
was on radio. I he reason for this. supposedly.
was that most would-be shot teetpicnts
couldn't read. llic radio ads would have been
moic effective had they been in linglisli. iii-
stead of the language Ford seems to think we
speak. A typical ad sounded like this: "lhc
swine llii is what's goin' down. man It can
really do a number on ya. I mean. like. flu can
really get your backside iii its giinsiglits. It you
ain‘t lookin'to get wasted. then get yourassin
gem and haul it oii down to the local clinic. it‘s
better than getting your hide nailed to the out—
house wall. You understand wltcrc l'ni comin'
from?" No. not without an interpreter.

0

Now ll looks tls though swine flit is about to
make it comeback. The new administration
should iclax. atid stop campaigning. now that
they‘ve wait the clcciiott.

If (litter is still determined to see the flu
thing tliiougli. presumably to prove he can
maintain the big fiasco started by his
picdcccssor. here's what he‘ll have to do. He'll
get llis shot. biit not just any shot. l'hc
American people are wary of Iliishois now. to
win them over we‘ll need something thiit will
appeal to their basic sadistic tendencies.

Don‘t let Carter get his shot with one of
those tiny little hypo needles. Use one ofthose
fool-long horse needles. Let's see some blood.
Don‘t be so quick rolling up your sleeve. iilr.
You think you're going to get it in the arm?
That would be too easy. Drop your pants.

‘ Fencing their-‘l‘eldhousc

Without question,SUNYA would be a better place tol ve with t.

-_ addition of a ﬁeldhouse. Then again'y’a'n l8eh0l¢ golf course would
nice, too. 7 :- '

The question is: should students pay $27 each per year for the next
years so’ that SUNYA can have a ﬁeldhouse? The answer is no. i 

Another qustion, which is unfortunately all too often confused with
the first, is: should there be a ﬁeldhouse? The answer to that one isyes.‘ V .
Ideally, there should also be a Nursing program, an "Environmental" ‘ ‘
Studies program and more effective academic advisement. But to‘allow. ’
students to pay for any of these would besettinga dangerous precedent.

Why should thissoicalled Student Recreatidn Center be treated
differently than any other major program item at this university? The
state judges that a particular item is too costly and so it vanishes. The
students protest the cuts ~ but they don't offer to pay higher tuition"to
cover them. After all. it's a state university. so the state should be
primarily responsible for its funding. It all seems quite logical. '

The same or similar logic should be applied to the fieldhouse
situation. Everyone wants one —- but ifthe state can't or won‘t pay for it.
now is the wrong time to build one.

Logically'. once it has been decided to push for a fieldhouse. the push
should be for a high quality field house. Instead. advocates ofthe present
project are settling for a small $2 million building that will do little more
than add indoor tennis courts to the campus. It may be tolerable for
concerts. but it’s not supposed to be a concert hall - it‘s supposed to be a
l'ieldhouse. Yet. strangely enough. it’s not even Well-suited for sports
events.

This week students will decide whether they want a l'ieldhousc and
whether they are willing to pay for it.

Students already pay for a lot of things on this campus. Now they are
entering a new field -— construction. One can be sure that the state is not
ahottt to stop them. It can only gain by having students build up its
university at no charge. The problem is that the University may become
accustomed to increased student support. Such a trend is a threat to
public education as it exists today.

If' students don't care about setting a bad precedent. or about
spending $27 apiece for 20 years. and believe that having a fieldliouse at
SUN YA as qiiicklyas possible is ofthe highest priority. then they should
vote in favor of the present ficldhouse proposal.

Which may create a ficldhouse. but ultimately something far tnorc
important will be destroyed.

 

.2;

Serum. RAtitilt). litIiIur-in-Chiiff
Klt‘IIAltD Mritiitiiis‘rrm. Managing Editor
MICIMEI. AHIlAN. limit/tact Manager
I'Iil’ttlt‘lt Mt‘(iI.VNN. Production Manager
, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. llitvas llot.t.iniio
. . . . . . . . . . .. .illNAlllAH llonti 'l'oM MAlt'flilllt
 MAKL‘ ARk’l’sl)
.loMiii/w l’izss, Doitti'i'ity Z . .is
. , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. tiataooiiv l‘AvIJs
Mlt‘llAl-EL I’llzkAltSKI
.. litmv EMERMAN

Niws innoit
Assot'ixti tows ioi'roiis.
Asi-tt ts int1uit.... .
Assot't/iti ASI'H is llll'ltlllS ..
liotioiuAt Mots iniioa .
Si-oitis H)lll)lt . . . . .. .
Assot't/i'ii scouts iuitoii
Assot Mn. l'ltolll‘t'lltth MANAMN . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. l'llllJl' Monica
/\l)\lltll\INt. “Ah/thins. . . .. . .. . LISA liit'Noo. S'llil'llliN DZINANKA
\ssot itii, Al)\'t.lt‘llhl‘tti .\lr\\ltfil.lt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. liltlAN CMlllJ.

__—._______.._——————

Production: Sally Anti llrcchcr. Karcu
Cooper. Leslie Eisenstein. Toni Uionis.
Sally .litgust. [)chhic Kopf. Vicki
Kiirttman. Laurie Lcsko. Jeff Levitan.
Lotiisc Marks. Carol McPherson. Janet
Mcunier. David Phillips. Debbie Rieger.
Meg Roland. Juan Silvcrbluti. Laurie
Siiidwell. Sharon Szylit. Kim Tummqu

(‘miipoittt’rntr Ellen lioisen. Jeff Aronowitz

l‘ai'roll tiiitntigcr: lillen Fine Grit/thirty: Frank Smith. Steve Almtisi.

(llthl/lt'tl (tilt: (lay Snyder. Laurii Wtilkc Rick lllum

b'ST/llllJSl/El) title

The .‘l/lmlll' Student l't't'.l'.\ it published every Tul‘l'tltll' and Friday during Ilicscltoolycar by the
A Ilitttty Student l‘rtni (hr/titration, uti flltll‘llt'titlt'lll tiot-j'ttr-proﬂt organization. Etliturt'alpttllcy
Ll determined by Iltt' Iz‘ilttnr-in-(.‘ltityl and it .iulijct't to I‘t'Vlt'lt’ by the Masthead Sta/f. Addrm':
ull/uttty Student I’ri'.i.t, ('(' 129. Hill) Washington Avenue. Albany. New York l2222.

Stu/t ni/lltH \lan Alpcr. | iudn l'flctl.
Matt Kaufman. l ilwniil Ratlct.
aul Itoscntlial. l);tit ‘\.I\L"tlt‘l
Tilll’l'r Ii‘iliiltti‘ ntittiitg' | loiic nlicrttci
.A|.l’. niutiugcrr: Rcbccca l.;inxucr.
Kevin Railcy
littltttc Nt'll'.\'.' Alice Koliii
I'rcwcw: Naticy limeison. Jody Wiliicr
[til/trig ut'f'llltllltllll.‘ (‘arol Cotriss

 

 

AleNy srudcur pness CORp0RATi0N
Boson or DIRECTORS

S'rtsriiitn D’IJNANKA 0 Sl'ENCll RAGGIO 0 Drama. GAINES

 

 

 

 

 

