     

    
 

   
  
  

 

 

 

 

   
  
  
  
   
   
   
  
   
  
   
 
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
   
   

ply RICHAlil) MERMELS’I‘EIN
“I just felt like taking a walk.‘.': . 

Emoretrite if'you tried, 'Rich. But I did just febl like

'hours talking and laughing with one of my favorite.
people. And after walking back to her suite I walked
out of the tower and into a cold, windy night. I wasn't
wearinga coat. or any socks. I was verycold, but [just
didn't feel like going back to my room yet, even though

a few hours. Wouldn't it be great, I thought, if I could
learn to walk in the cold and not let it bother me? I hate
cold weather and vice-Versa. But what if I went for a
walk; a long walk. without going anywhere, a long
walk. not by myself but with myself? And with
everything around me. Wouldn‘t it be great to stand in
the cold and stare at the sky? To find my favorite
constellation, the cute little one which is shaped like the
Big Dipper. but is about one-thousandth as big. All the
stars in this one are real close together and you can only
see it if you stare real hard. I was thinking all this.
1 walked very slowly. I danced and skipped. Up and
down the stairs toward the Biology building. crossing
from a Gene Kelly step to a Red Skelton flop. And I
looked up and found my favorite constellation. I found
it easily. without even using the trick. The trick is to
find these three big stars in a row. andjust follow them
half-way across the sky. until you come to my
constellation. You can‘t miss the three big stars.
because they‘re all by themselves and they really stand
out. Maybe they're part of Orion‘s belt or something,
and I think mine is called the Seven Sisters. but it really
doesn't matter.

I had heard ofthe blind eye
of the law but not the deaf
ear of it

 

 

 

 

Anyway. tonight I found my constellation without
even using the trick. And I wasn‘t noticing the
coldness. even without a coat or socks. I was wearing
moccasins—«the rcal type. The kind the Indians wear.
They have a comfortable furry lining. and they keep
you very warm. I thought of how coldness should
remind me that the Indians. hundreds of years ago.
who couldn‘t even afford socks. lived in harmony with
the cold. And I thought of how my feet were so
comfortable with this blanket wrapped around them.
And I thought of how I dread writing these things
down for someone to read and evaluate and
misinterpret.

Then I saw this cop. Hc glared at me. There was no
one else around. He slowed up his stride while I
continued my aimless strolling. With my hands in my
pockets. and the foot which wasn‘t on the ground
always swaying back and forth before it landed. He‘s
watching me. I thought. This beautiful quiet stillness is
being ruincd'bccause he's watching me. I stopped. and
stared up with my back to him. Andjust like Arthur
mysteriously found Merlin whenever he needed to. I
found my constellation. Sometimes. I would stare at
my constellation for five uninterrupted minutes. look
away. and not be able to find it when I looked back up.
But this time I found it with notroublcatall. I turned
toward the cop. He had walked on.

I too walked on. l had only planned on walking the
twenty steps toward Eastman tower. and the mere joy
at still being outside probably added to the contented
feeling I had. The wind made my nose suddenly feel
bur'ning cold. I hate that feeling. Maybe if I associate
tbatfeelingwithlooking upatthestarsand wearingmy
warm moccasins that are so comforta ble. it Won't be so
bad. It wasn't so bad. ‘

Retracing my steps. balancing on a line. hopping
and then skipping backwards. with my head looking
way up. My neck hurt. It always hurts.

I saw a police car with its lights on zoom by. But it
stopped right after it passed me. only about twenty feet
to the side. I knew they were watching me. The car‘s
lights turned off. What are they. stupid—thinking that
if they turn their lights off 1'" forget that I had heard
them screeeh by me with their light shining in my face?

I walked slower. and dug my hands deep into my
pockets. Just because you're paranoid doesn’t mean

someone isn't watching you. (I gave that poster to my

 

father to put up on his office wall. I had heard the

 
 

Jesustl thdught to .my’self,'you couldn't. haverben-

taking a walk. Really. I had just spenPt‘wo and a'half i

it was past two in the morning, and I had a class in only "

 

. of upset that it-‘had gained.popula‘rity.vNow ifI ever say
it,'someone says.‘.‘Yeah. Isaw that poster.” They forget

that it' was asaying before :it was ayposter'.) I- kept
walking. thinking ihatif I don’t get to a certainspot'in a
certain amount of time. nothing would happen. Even if
I did get to a certain spot in acertain time. nothing Will
happen. Nothing depends on what I’m doing}.

If I can learn to associate this peaceful feeling with
the cold. I'll learn to accept one of the few things] hate.
I hate the cold.' .. ‘

Another cop carsped tothe first car. and swerved so
that the driver of the second car was right next to the
cop in the passenger‘s seat of the first car. They were
talkingabout me. I '

I walked slower. I even stopped to notice how bright
the North Star was. I found my constellation. A cop
was coming towards me.

He started and then stopped. I stopped and then
started. He seemed indecisive as to whether kicking
pebbles was a punishable offense. He went back to his
car to get his cap. And then hewalked right up to me.

“Hello.”

“Hello.”

“Anything?” I asked. meaning does he want
anything.

“Hello.”

“H'LII

I had heard of the blind eye of the law but not the
deafear of it. I envisioned the other three cops charging
me. throwing me against the car. and forcing me to
confess to three slayings.

“Are you a student here?" he asked me.

“Yup.” Maybe hejust wanted someone to talk to. It
was very late. and he could have just been bored.

“Do you have any ID?“

I hadjust expected to go to Gail's and I almost did
not even bother to lock my door. but I decided just
before I left that I‘d better. All I had with me were my
keys.

“No. I have my keys though."

“It‘s a little cold to be walking around with no coat
on. isn‘t it?“

It was. But the cold didn‘t bother me. I was going to
explain to him that I had wanted to get used to walking
in the cold. and that if you look at the stars and wear
really comfortable moccasins. you can forget about the
cold. He wouldn‘t have understood. So ljust shrugged.
and answered. "Yeah."

“You don‘t have any ID with you?“ He seemed
sympathetic. a sort of sarcastic sympathy though. The
kind the bank robber gives to the teller as he says that
he‘s sorry he has to do this. and then shoots the teller?
head off.

“I'll take you back to the room ifyou like. it‘s right-"tI

“That won‘t be necessary.“ he interrupted as he
reached toward his waist. Christ. he‘s gonna shoot
first. ask questions later! llut the weapon he extracted
was one you speak into. “I‘d like a check on an on-
campus listing." Then to me. “What‘s your name?"

"Mertnelstcin." To anybody else I would have given
the human response of. “Richard Mcrmelstein."

“How do you spell it?"

  

 

 

saying months before] found the poster, and I Was sort g

 

    
 
      
 
  
    
 
  

I told him. and he repeated it to the guy on the other
end of his weapon.

“They‘ll check it." he said.

Christ. what if someone made a mistake and tin
name wasn't on the list . . . '

“We see a lot of people walking around at night and
more often than not. they're not supposed to M- here
and they end up starting trouble.“

I hadn‘t even asked. He was waitingfor the Check on
my name He put the walkie talkie back in his l’)L'll.

“Sure is cold out.“ he said.

I don‘t believe it.‘ He‘s trying to make small talk! I
was going to look for my constellation.

“Why are-“ he continued. I knew what was coming.

“I just felt like taking a walk." Jesus. Rich. ~ton
couldn't have been more trite. You see. I‘m going to
spend a lot of time here and I want to get used to the
cold. and I figure if I learn toassociatc cold unit the
nice things. like the stars. and comfortable muct‘llxlns.
maybe I can learn to accept it.“ He nodded and he
smiled. He was a young guy. and I felt bad that llc'
didn‘t seem to be enjoying what he was doing.

“Well. you‘ve got every right in the world to taki- a
walk if that‘s what you want to do. and I‘ve got L'\t‘l_\
right in the world to stop and ask you what toti‘it-
doing." I didn't tell him that I could make a stronger
argument for my right. “I'm just doing my Ion" llC
continued.

Again. I hadn‘t even asked. I went on about hou I
wanted to learn tolovcthc onethingthiit really bothers
me most. Again. he nodded and smiled. l’tohiilth
thought I was stoned.

“And I‘m not even stoned.“

"Really?" He seemed surprised. .

His weapon rung with static. uWhat residence hall 
the voice asked.

“What do you live?" he asked me. as if I needed llic
question to be phrased in simpler words.

“I05-2 Fulton I-lall. State Quad."

He relayed the information. and pill the \tmpott
back in his holster. Why did he hate to rcpt-at
everything? Couldn't he have let my words \Illlltt"
Probably part of his job.

We waited.

’ “Jesus Christ.“ he said. I guess he felt it was about
time he said that.

"0.K.." he said for my cars and for the othci pink
and started to walk away. Without it good-ch ot
anything. My turn.

“Can you find ottt for me on that thing what I got on
my Political Science test today?"

“Sorry. can‘t help ya.“

l‘lmllly. l hurl asked him something. and he “to
useless. It wasn‘t a snotty qucstion, it was funny Ilv
laughed. As I walked back. I laughed. It was lllIlll\

lake care." | shouted. The car sped away.

Ire-found my constellation easily. In two Itlllltllt's l
was in front of my dorm. I started to go in. M\ llllNL'
was cold. I hate that feeling. -

WAII A MINUTE! l slapped my hand against III_\
 I‘m not done enjoying 1hr
I wasn‘t d ‘ lasins and walkinglikelwant to walk
Bl“ n sceni’elxlgidrxng how to co-eXist With the Cold
a cop stops ouev ‘Llh-tngto do wastogo back. AIIt‘l
back to yourym suspictously. you re supposed to go
realized I was 2? (I. had admitted to the cop that 

. nspismus; I meant susptctous m
WNPICUOUS but my tongue tripped and he must llthC
lhOUEht I was stoned.)

Gogglzm‘fgﬂ ll): lwalk again.  looked for my
was cold » y couldnt find it. It was no good. It
out. Very cold.

 
   
 
 
 

 

L
 t

 

 

 |.. a,

   

 

 

"Rosana

  

 

 

 

    
    
 
  
 
 

         
     
   
        
 

     
  
  
   
  
 
  
    
   
  
   
   
   
  
   
   
     
    
   
 
   
 
    
      

   

Evian. 

v‘ n13.”

 

f.\‘_\d&¢ \ .3. .e..

a
3r
»l
ii
i
.i

 

 

 

      
     
    

By MATT KAUFMAN

Just over a month ago. it would all have seemed
absurd. why would anybody want to run for Student
Association President?

“Do you think you can handle it? That‘s why I‘m
running for Vice~President. I don‘t think I could
handle it." Bryant Monroe. a politically oriented friend
told me.

The SA President is the person of the entire Student
,Association. That person is required to enforce SA‘s
policies. prepare the budget. plus engaging in
numerous other roles specified in the SA Constitution.

At the start. it really didn't seem plausible that a
person from a non-political bacground could win. A
simple idea that originated in a not-too-serious
conversation ultimately mushroomed into a legimate
and serious campaign involving a staff of over twenty
supporters and two campaign managers.

"Well. you could do what Pat Curran [a former SA
President. 74-75] did." Ira Birnbaum. his Vice-
President noted. “Pat knew I knew more aboutcertain
legislative aspects than he did. We sort of shared the
job. as co-presidents instead of President and Vice-
President."

The nomination forms had already been handed in
and the candidates committed to run. There appeared
to be no easy way to back down. Sure you can decide to
have your name taken off the actual ballot. but why?
Eventually. though. two candidatesdid withdraw from
the race due to personal reasons. One was running for
president. the other Vice—President.

To get a name on the ballot for SA President. or for
SA Vice-President. invohcs the time consuming
process of acquiring 100 stttdciit signatures (minimum)
on a self-nomination form.

To effectively get the petitions filled out by the
deadline date generally involves the use of more than
one copy of the form by the candidates. These forms
are then carried by fellow supporters for acquiring
signatures and are latter attached to hand in,

Though the signing of the petitions appears to be it
waste of'time. it serves as a tool for both the candidates
and SA.

“For SA. by having each potential candidate get I00
signatures discourages those persons who would just
ruti for fun.“ one candidate noted.

“Yoti don‘t want to be SA President. do you?"an SA
office worker and close friend told one candidate while
signing. his petition. “You‘re too nice a person to be SA
President.“

Congruently. the process of getting the petitions
filled out gives the candidate a little more time to
decide if he really wants to run. At the same time. while
the forms are being signed by the students. the
candidate is advertising his name to the voters.

“The only way you could win." said Bob ()‘Brian.
supporter of an opposition candidate “is if half the
school doesn‘t vote. and the other half is stoned.“
Obviously. I was the definite underdog in the race.

Between th handing in of the petitions and the
actual elections exists an interim of two plus weeks.
one of which is it vacation. After school resumes. there
will be only one week to cittiipaigti before the three day
elections start. During the vacation period. the
candidates have generally agreed that it will be used to
plan strategies.

“You‘re really serious about this aren‘t you
quipped former Editor-in-Chief of the school‘s
newspaper. Stephen Dzinanka, after a lengthy
discussion with this acknowledged underdog.

Stephen Shadegg‘s title for his book on the I968 US
Presidential race puts everything quite well into
perspective—~Wi'mting's a Lot More Fun.

9n

 

Editors Note: Matt Kati/man was a presidential

 

midis/ate in the SA elections of '75-'76.

“WWW-5149’"

 'r .t/ -, ”'-/
tit/ll t////
h  . . 

I \

      

 

 

WI

{III/yaw
s \ 

 

 

The only way you
could win is ifhalfthe
school doesn’t vote
and the other half is
stoned.

 

 

When election time rolls around. a new market
awakens. filled with candidates trying to sell their
views.

[inch candidate duringelection time has a product to
sell on this newly awakened market; that is. himself.

The sell-nomination forms have served the
candidates as a preliminary basis for the candidates to
identify themselves to the media and voting public.

Any student stopping iiiio the Albany State Campus
Center after returning from the one week vacation
would hate seen various posters and banners
proclaiming that they should vote for this candidate
for that reason.

"I he only way to win is to get your name known.“
Atidy l)oliin. a veteran politician on campus
explained. “and that is done by plastering this whole
school with it."

A lot of advertising will be provided to the
candidates free of charge through coverage by the
campus news media. At Albany State. the ASP and
WSUA arc the prime sources of nuns media coverage
on campus.

Activity of any kind that a candidate performs
dtiritig the election will invariably be picked-up by the
media and dealt with.

An innovative candidate will also utililc the media
to his advantage. This cotild be done by writing letters
to the A .S‘I’ by placing ads in the ASl’and on WSUA.
and even possibly by writing a front page story or two
for the ASI’.

To better inform the students on this campus ofthe
candidates various stands on issues facing the students
last year. WSUA and the ASP, working in tandem.
presented a live forum over the radio. Excerpts were
later used by the ASP for their pre-election issue.

“The thing is." Stephen Dzinanka. former Editor-in-
Chief of the ASP pointed out, “is that you have to be
able to make snap decisions. You are being scrutinized
while We merely scrutinize."

After the ASP—WSUA forum. the candidates for
both President and Vice-President met extensively

sarcoma ilREﬁSéiia

 

iVed! '   

or, Winning isn’t Everything, It’s the Only Than

with a seven member endorsement panel from the
ASP. Afterwards, in the ensuing endorsement
editorial. the panel presented its opinion in an editorial
comprising nearly two thirds of a page and over IS
hours of work.

“In addition to stating preferences.“ that editorial
commented. “it is necessary to explain how they were
arrived at."

One candidate the acknowledged underdog. who
characterized his campaign by being as brief as
possible. 'was dealt with very brieﬂy (35 words to be
exact). Another candidate who was noted for setting
agendas al‘ire was analogized as being able to start a
fire “. . . that nobody could put out."

“The only way to win." SA President Andy Bauman
snapped. “is not to get the A SP's endorsement the year
he ran.

Since thejoint forum by the ASPand WSUA. there
have been several other forums sponsored by groups
and the residential Quad boards. A few of the forums
were scheduled at the same time. and nearly all ofthem
were poorly advertised. Many observers at the
meetings noted that no candidate made a good
showing at the forums.

The final forum. on Indian Quad proved to be quite
different from all the previous ones. Fro the first time.
the candidates and their campaign workers held a
distinct minority out of the total mass of students
present at the meeting. Instead of associates to the
candidates asking the other candidates questions;
intercstcd—non-aligned students were asking the
questions. I

One candidate. advocating an end to boring
government. rambled on. talking for over halfan hour
(IO-15 mintites was the suggested length for each
candidate).

A second candidate. whi didn‘t ram ble. was pounced
upon for his voting record on CENTRAL Council.
which was deemed not beneficial to that quad.

The other two candidates were generally passed over
dtic to their non-antagonastic stance in relation to
Indian Quad. These two candidates were generally in
the sums situation priviously. one of which was the
present underdog of the election.

“After listening to the candidates, I think I‘m
seriously going to consider voting for you for
President." the President of Indian Quad Board told
the underdog candidate. “You know, before I became
Quad Board President. I really had no experience with
the quad board. It was a little difficult for the first few
months. btit it all evens out in the end."

 

 

 

...._............‘ ,....

4...... mpg"

 ..

 

 

 

 

 

   
 
   

     
    
    
 

 

 

 

 

