 

 

{ ,

 

 

 
  
             
  
    
  

CHEMICAL SPLIT

. Two California scientists are V i1 I ‘I
reporting they may haVe isolated a t - l A
chemical in human blood. which I

rrtight explain why schizophrenic

      
    

~ . ‘ ‘ n a , the‘jurorl rogues Informaticn'on
mental patients experience altered during a demonstration against a nostaphy or contraceptives in the way to induce amnesia in retiring the statue. According .to
states or conciousness, proposed'rate hike. She wasarrested privacy or the home; they claim the CIA ofﬁcers. Wentworth’i attorneys. Judge Mul-

U niversity of California under a TarelY'USCd mm century constitution also protects citizens' Thedocumentsindicatethatagen- lavey. fitllef’ thitn send in the full
researchers Frank Ervin and Rober- anti-KKK law which prohibits peo— pro/31¢ use of pot. cy executiVes were concerned about statute u'requested. sent in his own
ta'Pttlmour said they found the pro— pic over l6 from Wearing masks in Dr. Shepard himself is a rather what they called‘the' “tremendous version. Ivenon which ouuttedeeo-
tern substance by analysing waste DUhliC- controversial ﬁgure; Shepard has amounts of information” known to tions pertaining to Wentworth's
fluids which were left after the blood authored several books on psy- retiring CIA personnel. The EMMY ca"-

   

    
 
    
   
   
      
  

  
  
 

 

AMERICA’S

 
 
  

 
   
   
     
    
          
       
  
 
  
 
    
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
  
 
   
  
  
      
        
     
   
   
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
   
   
  
 
 
  
 
 
  

   
  
 

of schizophrenic patients was chiatry. one of which advocatesthat oped to develop a chemical which After five hours of deliberations, ink
 “Cleil'nc‘lwy it kidney dialysis psychiatrists have sexual relations could be given to empioyeesto make the jury found Wentworth “guilty.” i
machine. The newly discovered pro- with their patients. as a form or them forget the sensitive secrets they Judge Mullavey then sentenced the  ‘
tern. said thc researchers. differs therapy. knew about. anti-nuclear protestor to four ' i i
f . slightly frorn a similar protein found “Deciassified document news." a months in jail. despite the fact that l
 in non-schizophrenic humans, and Virginia publication which indexes even the prosecutors had
1

 

    

recently declassified CIA recommended a maximum sentence
documents. quotes from one M-K of l5 days.
Ultra memo which states. “some in- Leaders of the Clamsheil Alliance.
dividuttls in the agency had to know which organized the April sit-in.
tremendous amounts of informa- have charged Judge Mullavey with.
tion. and if a way could be found to in their words. “blatantly misleading
produce amnesias. after the in- the jury, and levying an unfair , I
dividual iefttheagency. it would bca sentence" in what they termed “a
remarkable thing." futile attempt to scare people away
Other memos from another secret from future occupations at the
CIA prmect known as “Artichoke” Seabr00k site." An immediate

may contain chemicals which cause
schizophrenic symptoms.

The scientists said their discovery
could lead to the development of
new kinds ofchcmical treatments for
schizophrenic patients.

‘orrr raves' HAS rr ALL

    

  
  
   
  
     
  
   
    
      
 
        
   
      

 
 
 

HISTORICAL HEADS
Did (ieorgc Washington grow
dope at his Mount Vernon home?

ACTING:

“The exciting cast of ‘Short Eyes' has a

   
     
 
 

 
 
  
 
 
  

 

their Words. "guarantee amnesia in
certain individuals. specifically CIA
personnel about to retire from the
agency.“

No one can remember if such a
chemical was developed.

—Molly Haskell. New York Magazine
lltcsc iillll similar questions will court in it lioston suburbto prevent

he posed to a judge iii a South school olliciitls front hanninga page

lliilllpltlll. New York. court when: lit it book of poetry written by

psychiatrist and author Dr. Martin tccnirgcrs.

Slll'l’i'l‘d l5 “Willis Ch“Ti-"3* “l ilmwmil 'l he poetry collection. titled "Male

il'l‘l “I'lll‘lllg l‘lv‘ 0W” “ii-“lb and Female ttitder Iii." contains it
'“mfm‘yﬁ ll” “0 ShL'P‘U'd W)’ poem \tritten at age l5 by .lody

the) Pltilt to show that lirmotts ('urﬂtrugtm In which the young

prodigious amount of fresh talent. We seem ’\ and did Amt-troy. ﬁrst President
to be entering a new golden age of acting.” \\ \ 4‘ ttscthc illicit ctinnibis plant asa pain BOOK BAN quote CIA leaders 8? hopms to appeal In the case is planned. ;
g 9‘ ’ killer lor‘ his famous toothaches‘.’ A school libr'urtitit has gone to dwelop tL‘Chm‘iucs Wthh WOUld. In .

 
  

i
¥ 9\0 Friday, Nov. 18, 1977 Giro
4 Campus Center Ballroom

Starts at 7:00 PM.

“Bruce Davison proves himself to be an
actor in total control of his craft. The cast
is extraordinary.” -Dovto Anson. Newsweek

“The acting is powerful. often wonderful.”
—Jcﬂtay Lyons, CBS Radio

DIRECTION:

“The direction is like a jam session full of

    
    
   

     
 

South ('iri‘olrna police hate used it AmL‘riCtIIts such its Washington and \\ riter describes her reaction to being
IItI-ycrrr-old .mtr-Ku Klux Klan hm llhtmtts Jclict‘wn ETC“ limit my" ogch as :r "i’icce ot Meat." while on
to rurcst ii consumer ilcll\l.\l \tho Itlttttjllzlnil‘. llttll they will argue thitt it mil to the city

 
   

  
  

 
  
      
     
 

 

 
  

 

hot sensuous tem os.” 4m Reeds ndtcatedcm mnisl 
p Y u 50‘ '  75‘ '  nus rrmsqucrading as "Ruddy the gotct'nmcm has no right to strip Aim rcﬂdmg rm- |nm "0m- 
. .. . _ 0 '

“Short Eyes’ was always a powerful, Vital P . . | d d  d k'llm‘dll- 1th} .‘|\tntl'|rtcitnlroi:tlgrr1\vmgandtts- million horny lip-sin ticking   
.   u   a  S \iclli)-sL‘\CII-)L‘itI-Uld Mar) mg I 1c 1 mt wear in t to prune) ol tttctt Screaming tor my body.“ Witit all that hugging and kissing

workfutfnowy Robert M. Young the ' llttl'dcc mus hustcrl its \llc pitrgrtlcd his or her my n home. school til I ictnls in Chelsea. that usually goes on among families ii
WOT as 0U" a genius. Iunded by S.A. about [It black clothing. “caring tr l)elcnsc attorneys clatrrt that in Massachusetts. ordered the book.or during the holidays. ii Stanford lin-
‘ —Brtdgetayrno,LA Heroic hummer ____ _ \tlillllig hghtbulh lot it ltcrttl and with order to outta“ pot rise. the govern- all lcusl thc page containing rVersity medical professor is warning

"" ‘  ' i- lightning bolts sticking out ol her I‘m“ '"llcl’T’t‘m‘t‘ll‘i'l'dt’l‘c‘snmklng Curavaglirr‘s poem. removed from that it‘s healthier for children to kiss I!

 

 
   
   
 

 

their pet cat or dog than to kiss their
aunts. uncles or other relatives.
Doctor (icorge Miller. a clinical
Professor of Dermatology. claims
that “children are quite safe with it
pet: a visiting aunt cart give them a
cold rttore easily than the pttppy who
kisses them." 
'lhc doctor adds that “humans t
catch diseases from other humans
and puppies from other puppies."
ile sayd that a dog or cat. which hsh
has been in the household for years.
will almost never transmit a cori-
tirgioiis disease to its owner.

 

curs. "Rt-dd) Kriountt.” rs. ot L‘tttltILlL'H Pllltllt’llcilllllt \\'Cl|tll'L'ltItd the school library. llrey did this
cottlw. lltc mascot ol mun) electric morals. Sitcput'd's attorneys point because. asthc lotvn‘s Mtlyorputrt:
lllllll) colttptttllcs. out that courts have already upheld "A girl reading that without proper

Hiirdcc was arrested in Columbia tllc rigltt til a person to use por- instruction could nrruc at the opi-
mon that c\cr_\‘ mart walking down
lltc street is considering her orin as it
sex tllth‘CI to he violated.“

School librarian Sonja ('oicmitn.
honm er. has asked a federal court to
restore lltc book to the sliclws.
('olertmn said the book. in lth'
\\til'tl.\. "is trying to make a

comer OI Robin St. and'Central AVG. point . in order to do that. it hits
to use strong language to express the

" ' ' ' ' " \ - i i t ' i."
Whleé’) Drinking MUS“ mumgc “ “lung “mm” IRIS... Vcrrtuorth hid plIlIliLd to l)th

- . his sit-in defense on 'r New
Will] A judge is cxpectcd to rule later “I .1. , y, _ d, n k‘ , _
Hm “M U“ whether (,wnwglm itlllphttrc state or inner. nownas POT  IRON

. . r . r.

pocttt can remain III the school

lllL‘ "('ontpctirtg Harms Statute.“ _ 4 _
A Michigan doctor is otrt With tiic
library.

lllill statute says a person may Icgitl- . _ I r .
word that iron delicrcncy is one of
Friday & Saturday FORGETFUL C'A

ii

I

l

1y violate a law ll he or she cart show I _ t

America‘s most common health dis- g

, . . . I . "
i\ cw | y-d ec lass tl icd L IA greater harm than breaking It would.

1

t

i

“The direction is flawless." -Davrc Duuos. u pr

SCREENPLAY:

“Pinero has the dialogue, attitudes, and
atmosphere down to perfection.”

-AICHOI Winston, New Yolli POSI
“It’s potency is in its words. They’re live.
raw, profane." —Poullne Kcat, New Vorker

“Pinero is an artist. He is one of the ﬁne
writers of our time.” —Joe Papp. MY Shakespeare Festival

 
 

UN-JUSTICE

Members of the (‘Iamsheil
Alliance are charging that a New
Hampshire judge all but railrotrded
an anti-nuclear protester into a four-
rrtorttlt prison term this wcck.

llrc protester. 26 year old Carter
chtuortlt. was found guilty by a
Jury in lixctcr. New Hampshire. ofil-
lcgally trespassing on the Scabrook
nuclear site during major sit-ins last
April.

 

Ammo.

UNI-SEX

    

“‘Short Eyes’ has natural eloquence and
wisdom.” —Vlnccnl Canny, New VOtIt times

“Short Eyes’ is a
Powerhouse of a Film.”

that obeying the law would cause a ‘
orders. lhat's because. he says.
documents reveal that one of the Wentworth planned to argue the I V ‘
cast iron cooking skillcts.

Americans now-a-days seldom use

reasons behind the agency's sccrcl potential danger from the nuclear ,
i drug experiments during the past 30 plant outweighed harm caused by his Duct” Lumen“ l "W" 5“?" a
cup ot tomatoes stewed in an iron

years was an attempt to discover a trespassing.

—WIIltcm Wort. Cue Magcztno

 

 

  
 
      
     
        
       
         
   

 
 

skillet contains almost 30 times its '4

0 much iron as the same tomatoes 

I S A   stcwcd in a glass pan. He says. 
I I I however. that the iron cookware in ;

American kitchens has been replac-
ed by parts made of aluminum.
enamel. glass rind teilon. \

\

Coffeehouse
Festival

Nov. 18. 19. 20. 1977

   

INT€RHATIOHFIL

 
 
 
  

   
  
    
   
     
   
   
   
      
   
    
    
 

  

D|  Ftlday, 11/18/77 at 8:30 - ‘2.” UNISJEAJSEITY :

I Y  up, . Country Dance Hall '
': ‘ Emmanuel Baptist Church OF NEW YORK z

275 State St... Albany AT ALBANY r

Saturday, 11/19/77, at: 8:30 pm

(Student [)lseottnts with |.I).)
Schenectady Pipe Band

Wilt/l .S'rlitrmII Styling Products

 

University

nos. 19 80 pm

 

 

 

  

M Finer ’ . t .00
Magma D'Mﬁmm creases“... garages...“ *3 cgggggv
l0 0r: is e' m ‘uvavtizumn AWN emu m I on un a : . ..
m mg!!!"   U C l W”,~wl..'.-       ‘t 7.00 pm Pageisiéﬁégggmpus t1}
ee _ ' ' , ’
n ew York City 60.....41 State St, Albany Brubacher Ha“, A|umn| Quad £33,038“ ‘3 W Philh8;'aoniaYVILtuosl
Others ' cw or

"...ohvlously an emsemble of
extraordinary instrumental clan."

Evening SUN
$3.50 General; $3.00 Students-
5 I .50 Students wISA cards

annmmmnsun OtItSl.andBtmwly 247-5070 Saturday and Sunday concerts at Pint.

Presbyterian Church. State 5 Wills“ Btu.
Albany
Eat. It Sun. Tto atl...II5.°°

$3.00 w/o tax $2.50 w/tax

 

 

 

Jaimie; c

heretics .-. r/trituus‘ct 1 59.11.2441;

 

 

Funded by Siudenl Association.

 

 

’ 7 r ’ ’ . r

 

