 

 

 

4W... .

,. r -ktv ~5-

 

 

 

 

 

Oll't' 0f  
. I
The Inﬁnity Box, Kate Wilhelm, Pocket Books, $1 .75
Stepinto the paranoid world of Kate Wilhelm‘s The Inﬁnity Box. a collection of ten short stories, in paperback
for the ﬁrst time. The deceptively quiet fabric of mundane life is disturbed by little things: a woman with eidctic
vision and a man with a curious mental gift. a rising deathrate and a dropping hirthrate. a new worker on a
scientiﬁc project, a writer whose ideas conform strangely to reality. unknown to him. These superbly crafted

stories of justified paranoia are guaranteed to jar you from whatever complacency you might feel about your
world—K. S.

Diadem from the Stars, Jo Clayton, DAW Books, $1.50

Andre Norton fans should check out Diadem front the Stars. Jo Clayton‘s style turd subject matter is in many
ways similar to Nonon‘s. There is a young girl, Aleytys. an outcast among her own tribe. possessor of strange

psychic powers whose extent she has not yet learned. Aleytys must leave the tribe where she was raised in fear of ~

her life. and go to search among unknown worlds for the mother who left her behind many years before. Clayton

has created an interesting character. and the end of the book seems to promise sequels.——~K.S.

' u -

The Space Vampires, Colin Wilson, Pocket Books, $1 .75

Remember those “Thing from outer space" movies of the ﬁfties? Ever wish they had been more plausibly
scripted? The Space Vampires by Colin Wilson is nothing more nor less than a thing front outer space story
pretty well told. It has all the classic elements, the alien spaceship. the handsome captain. the beautiful alien, the
potty scientist, the blind politicians, and a little sex and violence to keep the attention of the kids in the back row.
Actually, it's a little more fun than most of those movies. You can even go back and look at the good pans
again—K. S.

.

Astra and .Flondrrx, Seamus Cullen, Pantheon Books, $3.95

Seamus Cullen's Astra and Flondrt’x is not quite to my taste. but there are those who will enjoy it. It is a
fantasy novel, full of elves and dwarfs and wizards and demons and conflicts between good and evil. It also
contains a good deal more sex, elvish bifurcated sex, dwarvish corkscrew sex. mouse sex, human sex, deer sex.
witch sex. demon sex; at all events, a good deal more sex than i really wanted to read about. Sometimes i thought
the sex was getting in the way of the story. On the other hand. Astra and F Iondrix is an interesting book. and
should certainly entertain those who enjoy fantasy sex.—-K. S.

Science Fiction of the 30’s, Damon Knight, ed., Avon, $4.95

Another anthology showing the increase of interest in the early pulp magazines of the days before science
ﬁction was respectable. Damon Knight'sScience Fiction of the 30's contains a pretty good selection of old wave
stories, complete with the original illustrations to lend an air of the pulp format. The modern reader had best be
warned that the characterization in a lot of these old stories may seem a bit wooden and stereotyped, and the plots
slightly worn and hackneyed. but on the whole the stories wear their years well. and it must be remembered that
what seems cliched today was original fony years ago. The anthology is valuable for its historical approach as
well.—K. S.

‘ Heavy Metal, April, May 1977, $1.50

“From the people who bring you National Lampoon" it says on the cover, and on the inside. you discoverthat
the magazine Heavy Metal is the American edition of Metal Hurlaut, a curious science ﬁction underground
comics French magazine. In the ﬁrst two issues you'll find reprints of a couple of things familiar to readers of
underground mags: Richard Corbcn's "Den," and Vaughn Bodc's “Sunpot,” though to the original printing of
“Sunpot” in black and white has been added color. You'll ﬁnd translated (and some not entirely translated) tales
from the French edition. some original material. and an excerpt from a soon-to-be-printed fantasy novel. Heavy
Metal is an idea whose time has come. It was about time that someone lifted the non-comics code artists from the
obscurity and the poor distribution of the underground comics to a glossy high-quality production like
this.—K.S.

 
  

‘Books’ Is published monthly by Insert Media and Is specifically written for the
college audience. The contents of 'Books' rellects what ls currently happening
In the college market. Michael Morgan. Insert Media. Inc. P.O. Box 5136.
Westport, Conn. 06880. (203) 226-3326

Outsmarting
the Jones

Born Again

  $2.25

Charles Colson‘s book, BORN AGAIN, provides
an insight into the current American phenomenon of
“bom again" Christian evangelism, but Colson him-
selfmay have missed the point. Before his conversion,
Colson says. he served his country with “burning
idealism“. and afterwards he served Christ in the
same way. Throughout the book is the assumption that
a certain purified mental state will produce virtue. The
publishers quote Gary Wills on the cover page: “Col-
son is the truest American Christian since Andrew
Carnegie". Perhaps. The book makes fascinating
reading. at any rate. and it is especially fascinating
between the lines.—-Richard Vigilante

The Hite Report
Shere Hite

on $2. 75

n

In the ﬁfties. Kinsey published his famous sex
reports". The sixties witnessed the sexual revolution
which was analyzed in depth by the sexologists. Mas-
ters & Johnson. Now in the midst of the seventies.
Shere Hite has attempted to get at the roots of female
sexuality.

Hite sent out a questionnaire to women nationally.
from all walks of life, and of all different ages. Hcr
probing questions were responded to with surprising
candor. thus indicating that women wanted to talk
about themselves in sexuer terms. Hite has condensed
her responses and compiled all the data into a very
comprehensive repon.

THE HITE REPORT is not a dirty book nor is it a
book that one sits down to read from cover to cover.
The repon is a highly technical work that reads like an
encyclopedia but is naturally more specialized. Hite
has dispelled many of the female‘s guilt-feelings about
expressing what she wants both sexually and emotion-
ally. Shere Hite has provided the American woman
with a new cultural interpretation of female sexuality.
We applaud youl—Ellen Joscm.

All Her Children
Dan Wakeﬁeld

A... $1 .95

For soap opera addicts and non-addicts alike. this
book titled after the very popular daytime drama, ALL
MY CHILDREN. is both ridiculous and fun. It is
however, an extreme waste of time. as the author is
primarily concerned with relaying a story line which
by now is largely outdated.

The book's value rests solely upon its historical
narrative. ALL HER CHILDREN presents an interest-
ing study of the evolution of the American soap opera.
Beginning with the popular radio soaps such as “Ma
Perkins" the author then moves on to discuss the
transfer of soups to television and all the problems
inherent in such a move.

The book borders on the absurd when the author
attempts to prove the sociological importance of soap
operas in the seventies. Any attempt to attach such
signiﬁcance is ludicrous, for soap operas are intended
as pure entertainment and possible scandal. I shall
continue to watch the soups and continue to think of
them as ‘bunk'.——l£llcn Josem

 

THE JONES con’t.
An Especially Tricky

People
39 1 . 95

G.B. Trudeau
Holt, Rhinehart
and Winston

Garry Trudeau’s latest Doonesbury book concerns
Duke's cnvoyship to China. Virginia Slade's congres—
sional campaign. Jerry Brown. Jimmy Caner. and
other topical subjects. The cartoons. which appeared
mostly in the spring of l976, are among Trudeau's
best, displaying a slashing sardonic wit and a sensitiv-
ity to the nuances of modem political absurdities
which is keener and richer than his previous blunt
anti-Nixon polemics. Despite his occasional biases
(e. g. his liberal‘s condescension towards Jimmy Car-
ter), deeau‘s cartoons will probably provide a better
account of the vagaries of the last campaign than THE
MAKING OF A PRESIDENT 1976 or Barbara
Walters—CF.

Dead Souls
Nikolai Gogol, translated by
Andrew R. MacAndrew

New American $ 1 . 25

Library

Nikolai Gogol‘s DEADSO ULS. published in |842. is
one of the world's great novels. and also one of the
funniest. Readers whose acquaintance with the 19th
Century Russian novel is restricted to Tolstoy‘s anti
Dostoevsky's impassioned tomes will be surprised ill
Gogol‘s flamboyant and macabre humor: :1 highly
charged, almost poetic sense of farce which capers
continuously at the edge of an unglimpsed, night-
marish abyss. This is the cheapest and most readily
available edition of the novel. in good. if rather timid.

“Foot of Fl i

 

The dual" bestsellor_thol

"author Ema
rolls “o eli ,  m9

Everybody loves Lisa
Alther’s funny, bawdy
novel aboUt a young :-
woman’s adventures “‘9,
and misadveéntures
growmg up urtng _
the sexy Sixties and Haggis
Seventies—“A wild ride, . ..
wonderfully exhilarat-
ing" (Cosmopolitan)

 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
    

\WjitNo tits/WI,
' \,\ , 7]“

...“Wonderful"

(Mademoiselle)...

"Amafzing" (It‘l.:.Timets)

...“Un ailing y ones " I p ) k
‘”°WY°”‘e"-~ ..: this s 

‘ iltilllltn
\I‘\\llllllltltll\‘lt Y
" \\l \ltt \t)|(llll\:\iil \l \ ll 7

“Raunchy” (Ms.)... and
“Exuberant” (Time).
It's marvelous enter-

tainment for everyone! I [\A AI '1 ill R

PAPERBACK SIIPBSLEII

 

translation.
"'5 oedipus In Disneyland > ~ - RAYMOND CHANDLER A WALK THROUGH 
it's Woody Allen In "Last Tango" . . . SPEAKING EUROPE

it’s

LITTLE AMEHIA!

    

y Rob Swigart

The graphically funny. cheerfully lewd,
hilariously on-target novel of a clean-cut
American boy who wants only three
things from life: 1) to pump gas in Little
America. Wyoming 2) to marry a gal just
like the gal who married dear old dad
and 3) to kill dear old dad.

A (earth at July combustion of lustful
mlsalllancos and loud laughter.

$.95 pear; $.95 cloth

 

 

edited by Dorothy Gardiner
and Katherine Sorley Walker

A collection of mystery writer Chan-
dler‘s letters giving a private View of
the writer‘s world, Also included are
his notes on famous murder cases
and the opening chapters of an
eighth, unfinished novel.

 

by Henry Morgan

by John Hillaby
" - and George Booth

  

An absolutely Irresistible com-
pendium of dog lore—designed
for human belngs of all shapes.
sizes and breeds—by Henry
Morgan and New Yorker car-
toonist, George Booth.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

$5.95 $3.95
_ ‘l
“‘33! ¢  ln paperback at last. A WALK
THROUGH EUROPE describes '- «if?» \
John HIIlaby‘s 67-day walk from the “I if?“ ‘
North Sea to the Mediterranean. Jake“
some 1300 miles.
"There is a freshness to (Hill- 
aby‘s) writing. an open enjoyment
of the outdoors that is contagious, HENRY MORGAN
and he himself is a line story-teller and
. ."—Publlshers Weekly GEORGE Boom
JiﬁL

 

 

44$ Houg hton Mifflin Company

2 Park St.. Boston, Mall.

 

t

m"

 

