    

, .s..“«.mmvw m ., r- ..a Mr .

,za'vﬁ: , A

C,

_. ... A... 4» gm  ..  ... .s .. 

Hem)“,

~.._—...-,.» ’ A f,’ .- 0; H/ -

. . aar— .nr mMW.“,

he  L have a varied
_  dance. drama, music. ﬁlm.
I painting. andseienee. Their work is noné

  

Theatre more than any 

form; “carnivenm/Mnm“ 't'mjhecn»
 as: “myster‘i ous. funny and in- '
tenser involving piece of magic about ~

these three cities.”

The Dance Council is sponsoring the
appearance. Tickets are $4.50. pneral
public; 83. I.D.. senior citizens and facul-
ty; and $l.50 with tax card.

“John Dos Passos: the Writing of
History as an Aest hetie Problem.” will-be
thesubject ofa talk tomorrow by Hartwig
Isernhagen. assistant professor at the Un-
iversity of W urvburg. Germany. currently
serving as resident director here of the
SUNY~WurIburg exchange program. He
will speak at 4 pm. in HU 354.

Professor Douglas Browne of
Worcester Polytechnic Institute will
speak on “A Nuclear Magnetic
Resonance Approach to Understanding
En/ymes" at 4:15 pm. today. in
Chemistry MI. The talk is part of the
spring semester program of organic
chemistry seminars. ’

'  'yknoeltheatre and resembles,

 

  
  

inhiirnguotmnc.

’Roundi‘the Campus

enrollments declined at the community
colleges as well as at the graduate level on

National television’s WTEN will tape a
m thus to be conducted Thursday
afternoon from f to 3 in the Main Theatre
of the Performing Arts Center by Lorin
Hollander. described by a New York
Times writer as the “leading pianist of his
generation" . . . Reminder: that classes
resume Monday, Feb. 28, at 8:l0 am.
following winter recess . . . SUNY Cen-
tral Office reports that enrollment. which
hadvbeen projected at approximately the
same level as I975. followed a national
trend and decline Overall, the student
body decreased by 4.2 per cent. or f4.2l9
students, to a current enrollment of 343,-
395. The comparable total in I975 was
357,614. Last year SUNY had programm-
ed a modest downward adjustment in un-
dergraduate enrollment at the State-
operated campuses, but anticipated the
action would be offset by an increase in
community college attendance. Instead,

,,gadrnlnisrratién.Hr ., .
 ' Reconstructlo Underway

providefttioie" effective utilization of the

Undergraduate Admissions ' Office

  “um um Iona
. A..- a-.. “

Educational Psychology and Statistics.
has received a Doctor of Philosophy in
education from the University of Illinois teacher education—foreign
at Urbana-Champaign . . . The School (Mar. 4)
of Library and Information Science is
offering l0 one-day workshops during the
current semester as part of'its continuing
education program. 4)

  
   

     

An extensive reconstruction project is ‘
underway on the first floor of the Ad- space;

. ministration Building, affecting several Th”! ' "m Ofﬁce and career ‘-

' materials library will move to the former
The south corridor will be abolished Alumni Ofﬁce,room “2, and the hnan-
cial Aids Ofﬁce will be moved from the
Business Administration Building to the
Administration Building, ﬁrst floor “so
the east lobby area, interior renovation underway is interior renovation or the
within the admissions office will expand Dean for Student Affairs office area lhc
the work area for graduate students and latter office will befunctional lhrtttrghoul

offices there.

and converted to more functional'use, the

waiting room and reception area will 1 e in

computer terminal capability, and the the construction period,
center core area reconstruction will

employment . . Directory correction: Welfare (Apr. I)
Charles Hancock‘s telephone number is P76—I83 Professor. School
457-7752 . . . Ronald Schworm, Welfare (Apr. I)

 

 

 

 

 

‘ .Job Openings

Information about the following Campus
job vacancies may be obtained by C.llang
the Personnel Office, 7-3929. 'lhc rob
the State campuses . . . The Inter- number precedes the listing and the
national Students Association willholda application deadline is in parenthmw
toboggan party at the Mohawk Campus
onThursdaycvcning. . .Grouporientn- chology (Mar. l5)

tion sessions for interested seniors and P76-l7l Associate to full
graduate students are held Thursdays at 8
pm. and Fridays at N am. by the Un-
iversity Placement Service in the Career tal psychology (Mar. I5)
Library for. those seeking full-time P76-l82 Professor. School

P76-I70 Associate professor. sot-tr pt}.

clinical psychology (Mar. I4)
P76-l72 Assistant professor. fxpt‘llmt‘n-

P76-l96 Professor. mathemaucst'tpr ll
P76-2l7 Assistant or associate prtllesml.

P77-l Lecturer, Chinese (Mar. M
P77-3 Affirmative action OfIlCErI\l.tl Jl
P774 Affirmative action assoctatc r \l.tr

 

M's

Thunder

Andy Hamlin

Free Music
from 12-30 - 4.00

 

Something New? ,.

Mums:

Extra Special Thursday

Twelve String Folk

‘h
in the Off Campus Lounge

come in to relax and enjoy

DEHIIITEWI

Special

  
 
  
 

 

 

A Public Service of this newspaper & The Advertising Council

Give
blood,

 

 

' Taday is the first day
of the rest of your-life.

so it can be the first day
of somebody else’s, too.

RedCrou. . Good Neighbor.

 

 

 

Pains mom

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

FEBRUARY 15. 1977

LP. PRICE-HIKE " ‘ ' '

If you think the prices you're pay-

ing for your favorite records and r

tapes are too high these days, you - L — , ‘
may not be alone. i L i L

Billboard magazine reports that' from the Justice Department asking 'u‘seof‘ the root extract doubled the

the US. Justice Department has about their speciﬁc pricing policies.
launched a major investigation into and warning them they could»
the methods used by" record possibly be subpoenaed . for
wholesalers and retailers to set their questioning before a federal grand
Prices. jury in Los Angeles.

The investigation. according to In addition, government
Bil/board. is being coordinated by prosecutors have reportedly asked.
the US. attorney‘s office in Los the association itself to supply the
justice department with a list of its
members and copies of the minutes
of its meetings. '

Just a month ago. several of the
major companies announced boosts
in the prices of their new'alburris,
with some of the individual L.P.'s
being increased to $7.98 each.

GINSENG ANYONE?

Ginseng root. that mysterious
medicine thtlt dates back more than
3000 years into Chinese history. may
turn out to ha ti modern wonder
drug.

The British publication New
Scientist reports that the bitter-
tnsting root. that often has been
laughed at by western medical
"' researchers. is suddenly showing up
Angel“ and is ccmcring “round lhc in ltth tests as it mysterious preven-
lc‘lding members or "I" POWerIVUI tntive for dozens of diseases and a
nztlionnl association of record powcrm] source “endurance,
munur‘wmrcrs- The magazine sttys recent tests

According ‘0 “"3 TCPOFL In' have found that a single dose of
diVldUilI "wmbel's 0f the record ginseng increased the stamina in
association have received notices mice by 35 percent; and that daily

\

    

New Scientist says that the'
energizing property of ginseng caus-
ed it to be carried inthe backpacks of
North Vietnamese soldiers during
the war; and the Soviet cosmonauts
commonly snack on ginseng during "
space ﬂights to prevent disease. I

The U.S. Commerce Department.
in a completely unpublicized move.
has granted private corporations
special privileges in their controver-

 

sittl attempts to ptttent new and ex-

'|‘he U.S. potent commissioner. in

 

rm;

presents:

funded by student association

International Film Group
The alternative filmic experience since 1954

g PYGMALIAN g

Tuesday February 15 at 8 pm. LC1

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

   

RENEWS
INSURANCE

You probably need it!!

 

 

  

insurance.

WEDNESDAY 11:30-1:00
in the Off Campus Lounge.

funded bv rtudont association

  

FEBRUARY 15. 1977

*;

fut i yo

   
   
    

OCA is having insurance representatives give ’a
presentation and answer questions about renter s

   
 
    
 

   
    

 
 

applications for new life forms. '
The controversial ruling ,_ wll

handed down’de‘épite the fact that fl

special government interageney

,committee is looking into whether

the patenting of new forms of life—
because ofvthein'pmsible hazards——
should be permitted at all.

The growing"dispute involves
what is known as "Recombinant
D.N.A.." a new scientiﬁc procedure
that enables scientists to create plant
and animal life forms that have never

I before existed.

A public interest group in
Washington called the People's
Business Commission recently
rcléuscd the names of seven private
drug companies who are allegedly
secretly experimenting with new life
forms in their laboratories.

According to the commission.
private companies are literally ruc-
ing with each other to develop and
patent exotic life forms that could be
used for profit making purposes.
The magazine Mal/tar JOIll’J‘. for in-
stance. reports that General Electric
has already announced its intention
to patent a micro-organism that can
cut up oil spills.

Numerous scientists have warned
that devastating new diseases could
bccrcatcd and then escape from the
laboratory. threatening all life onthe
planet.

Jeremy Rifkin of the People's
Business Commission accuses the
Commerce Department of secretly
musingthrough its new ruling for the
benefit of private corporations

before other agencies could step in
and prevent it.

CELEBRATE!
Ugandan president Idi Amin is
plttnning ll huge bush to celebrate the

 

WSUA 640 AM

JllllllllllllllllllllIlllllllllllllffllllllllllllllllfllIllflflIIIIIIIIllllllIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIlllIlllllIllfllllIlllllllllllllllllllllllE

free records from wsua

Listen to the “Album of the Week”Show
TONIGHT and every Tuesday

and win one of the many copies
of the featured album bya new
excellent artist. to be given away

This week: The Winters Brothers Band

This ad space donated by the Albany Student Press.
HIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIlllIIIIIIIIIIIlIIIIIIIIIIIII."IIIIIIIlllllllllfllIIIIIIIIIIIIT'I

  

 
   
 
   

 
          
     
    
   
  

  
  
     
    

 
  
      
    
  
 
  

.%

.I. ’
ed to a debate if he attends;'former
British Prime Minister Edward
Heath. who has been asked to con—
duct :1 band; and cx-Lieulcnant
Hiroo Onoda. the Japanese soldier
who spent 30 years in the Philippine
jungle before discovering recently
that World War Two was over.

Amin says he invited Onoda
because the appearance of a
dedicated soldier would “contribute
greatly to raising the morale of
Uganda‘s army." Most ofthe invited
guests. at last report. have not yet
accepted.

DIRTY TRICKS

David Wise‘s new book on the
secret activities of federal police
tigencics titled The American
I’o/it'e Sldlt'- reveals that the FBI.
kept meticulous records on the so-
cttllcd “dirty tricks" it employed. Ac—
cording to the book. over a IS-year
period. exactly 3247 illegal plans
were proposed by hurettu members.
itnd 3270 were approved. The work
also reveals that the C.l.A. had an
official name for its secret unit in-
volvcd in assassination ttllcmpls
against foreign leaders: the ttnit was
culled the “Health Alteration Com-
mittee“.

  
  

at 9 pm.

free 1!!

 

 

funded by student olsoclaflon

Flue Quad
Volunteer Ambulance Service

is sponsoring

HEAR?"

Courses in CPR will be given throughout the week. Students,
faculty and stuff are urgadto participate. learn how to deal
with a cardiac emergency before it happens!

 

There will be an Interest Meeting for those wishing
to participate

Wednesday, February Id at 7 pm
LC 19

WEEK

Feb. 28, March I, 2

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRES

PAGE NINE

 

War: r. .«-- 

.   13m}: 43‘3353:35<

 

