 

GAME ®

fr'iday- december 2
8:30pm in the gym

50¢ ADMISSION

iii  '  “were East Cinema

 

’i

I‘t‘xlI l"

is
ii lv'lv‘i r .
Qt

l‘ii-t
‘

 idi'iliii -’  ‘

i'iJi i‘-t I '
’ I

’IICARRIE

inWMaimWi-UIM'

'.
uni. atrium. ummnmu.m.._.srtiiitiioc
’ “muslin m.miiiiiiiiiieiiuii nun-

iii-st.-

t0:00 m

 

 

Bob Shirley

I’rol'. Bishko ‘
I’rof. Zttomer

’ . Itonawil/
 Oliver Prof. Jacklett
John Welly James Volkweiii
David (told Mr. Jones

Mike Lissner Coach I‘ord
Kevin Kruger Denny Elkin
(ilcn Cournunis Jess Sellers
Lenny Goldman Ilrad Higgs

Pep Band & Cheerleaders

FRIDAY w SATURDAY
‘Dccembcr 2-3

5.75 W/t.o.e.eard $1.25 W/OIII

lie-'1

funded by SA

 

 

 

W”-.-r-u....-.._s...w.... .t. ..

Thoughts on Sports 3 '

Oh, so Close

by Eddie [mu—ne'-

 

 

 

Last Saturday in Chester. Pa., the curtains fell on the Albany Slate
football team. Behind those curtains were 40 football playersand a coaching
staff whose hopes for a national championship were shot down by the
Widener Pioneers.

The Danes fell one game short ofa chance at an NCAA Division III crown.

It wasn't the 33-I5 loss itself that hurt the most. but rather the
circumstances that contributed to it. All year round, the offensive unit
managed to stay injury-free. The defense was the one that was hurting during
the year. '

But the injuries ﬁnally caught up with the offense. And in big bundles.

First, their leading rushcr Sam Haliston didn't even dress for the game,
Then Glenn Sowalskie. the other running back. got knocked out of action
early in the game. And topping that off. the Danes‘ leader, quarterback Brad
Aldrich, was sent to the sidelines and he never returned.

Anytime a team loses three fourths of its starting backfield, it has to be
weakened. I don‘t care what team it is.

And adding insult to injury. the conditions the game was played in were
just not conducive to Albany‘s style of play. The game was played in the mud
with a 40 mile-per-hour wind. Ironically, the Danes' only other loss ofthe
year, on opening day. came on a day when the winds wcrcjust as strong.
Maybe Albany should play their games in the Astrodomc.

But don‘t look down on the team, ’lruc. they won‘t be in Alabama
tomorrow. or on national television. but this team has given this school
something to be proud of. Exceptionally proud,

No other Albany team has gone as far as the football team has.

All the players should be commended for thc dedication. Fiery afternoon
they were on the field practicing. rain or shine. And much of it was rain.
Many evenings they would spend in the football office watching films. That is
dedication.

And don‘t forget the coaching staff. While head Coach Bob l‘ord receives
most of the credit. (head coaches either get praised or blamed) he didn‘t do it
by himself. His assistants, II! of them. new bus) all yeai scouting and
working with the players. 'I his is a real class organi/ation.

And the fans deserve some credit. too. [no of the three home games vterc
unfortunately played in rain this year. but ihut didn‘t stop the fans from
coming out. And when the team returned Irorn its \lL'Itll') incr llampden-
Sydney, 200 fans mobbed the learn at the airport.

As for next year. the Coaching staff is noI just sitting around thinking a
repeat performance is a guarantee. The coaches have begun recruiting high
school players that hopefully “I” fill the IIIIIC \acziiit spots iihich “I” appear

next year because of graduation.

litit no matter what happens next year. WW “I” be remembered as the
year that Albany almost became a national champ.

Women l Swimmers. Lose. 

by Karen Crolte

The Albany State women's swim-
ming team lost to Harlwick College
77-54. Wed. at University Pool
as Harlwick won ten of IS events.

Kim Thuon, Albany team co-
captiiin, mitintaincd her winning
ways. by capturing the ZOO—yard in-
dividual medley as she led through
all eight laps. She finished the race
ten seconds ahead of her Harlwick
opponenL

Kathy Barry. another outstanding
swimmer this season. finished first in
the [00-yard freestyle.

Kathy Buergert added another
first-place finish for Albany in the
50-yard freestyle event. Buergert
swam a very tight race with Sue
Harrison of Harlwick in the 50-yard
freestyle evciit. Iiut, she pulled ahead
in the second lap and captured the
wm.

In the diving competition.
('harlenc “(‘huck" (iriswold and
Sir/y Fontricr kept tip their
monopoly on first and second-place
honors.

(.iriswoltl earned first place in both
the required and optional diving
ci'cnts while Fontricr followed with
a second place finish in the required
merit and third in the optional coin-
petition.

llicre were some iery closc races
in which Albany swimmers missed a
\iclory by it slimmargin. Diana Pitts
swam a very good race in the 50-yard
backstroke. but was beaten byjust a
IL'\\ seconds by Heather Scudder of
llarlwick, lhcresa IIollshcrry lost
the 50<yartl breaststroke in the final
ten feet.

last Saturday. the (ircat Danes

UPS/TAN“ ANN MAIVKV

The Albany State women'a swimming squad was defeated by
Harlwick 77-54 Wednesday. Teom'e record II now 3-3.

competed in a tri-meet at Oneoiita
State where they placed second.
Oneonta won the meet with Skid-
rnorc placing last.

Albany was only able to garner
first-place finishes in four events. the
[00-yard butterfly. the IllO-yttrd in-

.dividual medley and the required

and optional one-meter diving
events.
Outstanding Swimmer

Thuon was the outstanding
swimmer for Albany winning the
loo-yard butterfly event. while los-
ing by inches to her ()nconta com-
petitor later in the meet in the 50-
yard individual medley and taking a
close second in the IOU-yard freestyle
eient.

Both Griswold and bontricr con-

tinued their diving success in the
meet. Griswold captured two first-
place finishes while Fontrier took se-
cond in these cveilts.

Patty Dillon. the other Albany
diver and team co-eaptain. is still
recovering from a leg injury she suf-
fered \vliile diving in a previous meet.
According to her coach. Jackie
Gillis. Dillon may be back in the
liiictip before the season‘s end.

On Nov. 17. Albany defeated
Cobleskill 82-48 winning ll of IS
events at University I’ool.

Individually. the team had four
double-first place winners in Barry.
Holtsberry, 'Thuon and Griswold.

Tomorrow. the 3-3 Danes host
McGill University. The meet begins
at If am. at University Pool.

, "my"; \m...-..-;-q.'

V

 

Fitness Council

Proper Nautilus training Will result in

optimum improvement in muscular

strength. speed. endurance. as well as
cardiovascular efficiency!



 

PRESENTS MORE ACTIVE SESSIONS

ftlf‘.8.. [)ct'. 6I/I

( 6/’.II~ [)Jlllt't' Slut/fu)
Mldeastern Dance ii/u'uni
(‘tLt‘It'r/l‘lii/lx' ilrl [H'ut'cIilt'tl It l'
.lli'mi' .S'i'liu/I:

600/0 13 ll. for SlINY/l

On Monday Dec. 5th & 6th SA will be distributing an

7111's.. Hey. I}

(6 I’M- Dance Studio)
Tension Release

[)0qu with isolation of in-
tlii'iz/iiti/ tension areas,-
prmvn/ed /)_l' Mum/e Bawn

Hi‘lPPV HOLIDAY!

 

 

opinion poll on the support for Cable T.V. on campus.

 

 

If you want to see Cable T.V. for SUNYA please return INTEREST MEETINGM

VIEWPOIN TS

Nautilus Double Chest Machine - one of the 14 different full
range excercise machines at Nautilus Total Conditioning.

We need a big response.
Your answers are highly valuable.

this poll.
If you are serious about fitness call fora
trial and full explanation of how
Nautilus works.

--Nautiius —

TOTAL CONDITIONING
438-0478
55 Colvin Ave, Albany

Tuesday, December 6
CC 375 at 9 PM

 

 

Need people to edit areas in:
Layout
Photography
Writing
Art Work
University Life

 

questions or comments contact: Brian Levy 7-8797
wot... or Rich Riccoboro 7-8756

*

VENTELN
DECEMBER 2. 1977 PAGE SE

ALBAN Y STUDENT PRESS

 

 

