 
         

with Mixed/Drinks ‘



 
 
    
    

'i - Massive  ofdirty laundry got
you' feelin'blue'l Don't despair. Now
there‘s hope for the oppressed. With
t'liisissue. the ASP begins its new
BRAINES'. game. Students. faculty
and administrators will be able to
test their creativity and expose it to
the rest of the university. We'll

  

:c'and up to ten letters or one 99:

transfer at the Shirt Shop. Prizes will
be awarded to those entries chosen
by the judges. _
Each Friday. BRAINES will offer
a new competition. By 5:00 pm.

' Monday. anyone who has an entry

must drop it off at the SA Contact

  

shirt'gift certificate.  I
. Emmi an be judged by the

editors. To maximize fairness_.,we
ask that the piece of paper or index '

card used for your entry havetheen-
try on one side. and your name. ad-

other side. _ ., _
We will print winners and as many

other entries as possible. So try the .

dress and telephone number on the 7

’ ’Eaehentrymus’teonformtothe .

ﬁles or the  I. I
.‘ Name. address and telephone

- . hould appear on one side-of the en-

try; the ,written entry itself should
ppear on the other. '

5._"l'wo or more people may sub-

mit an entry together.though a prize

It only beauigned to one person.

V 6. Entries should he dropped off at

' Conrssr no. i

 

an envelope with the]
on it. so they can be V
ASP campus center mulbox.

7. if there are special problems.“ 5

questions. contact the DRAIN” .

  

editors. lien Gaines or Bri' Cahilb   __‘

 
 
 

  
     
     
 

award up to three gift certificates per Ofﬁce or at the Campus Center In- V
contest, good for one $2.75 T-shirt formation Desk (If You drop it a! game and send in an entry! ~

 3* DAYS ONLY“

'MEN’S TRADITIONAL
SILADIUM® RING

  
 

 

ACRONYM MurarIoN L, -

Our ﬁrst BR'AINES  came to ~ . i "r. ’
us in the third floor Campus Center » ‘ ' :.
men‘s bathroom—on the wall. Since 
campus radio station WSUA found I 
out it was going 'FM. people have ~
decided to make their comments
about the station with phrases made I
up from theletters “WSUA-AM" or

.“\WSUA-FM". or “WSUA AM & FM"

1 V _ 9:30 Colonial Quad UlOuhigef
 - i A -} Friday March 4

      

$1.00 With Student l.D._

 

 

$.75 Wlth tax card funded by student‘ussoeiatlon . With
' i Seemingly ‘ "f V
v Unhuman J; -
' Announcers f
‘ - IAapparently .- -
' Why astcrbatrng wear ' r
7 . Should _ i . xy ’
' Undergraduates Foamms 3' lhﬁ Underwear at ‘
‘ » Authorize Mouth All .
- Funky ’ Formal

 

Music Meetings

1

1‘

“Acronym Mutation" for SUNYA-
Braines game "I

The unknown starter of this applicablem“ ‘0 campus Ille-
bathroom wall competition has in- ‘
spired us: Do the same thing with ' See the results next
SUNYA. the acronym for State Un- wcck . . . Maybe you'll be the
iversity of New. York at Albany. En- most creative mind around—as well
tries. will be judged for humor. as the person wcuringtheclcunestT-
cleverness. creativity. and shirts!

- =>~ out“; 9

a».

 

 

Lerner’s Sandwich Shop
STUYVESANT PLAZA

‘i


vi'
I’I
9
ii
i
‘l

 

Featuring the‘ Finest in Deli sandwiches
Delivering to Uptown Campus Center Info.

, Mon. Thru Fri.
489-4295 1 TO ORDER I 482-9540

8pm. 9pm. llpm

 

 

Sllcsl some

light on
your tutu

 
     

NA NUCLER orusro. .
THE rasresr wav us! IN NUCLEAR ENGINEERING.

      
    
         

 

 

snuoélmo.mmuiaot salary smog

_ MW .
- That's a questlon a lot or  rm 
  you“ MP” W Mm WMfWoMlyouhavo
_ m“ d.” two accounts years «mm

 

technical equipment known toman.
If that sounds like the kind of

 

If you want to get into nuclear cost you thousands if you could
engineering, start by getting into get it in graduate school. During

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

. the Nuclear Navy. your career, you'll get prﬁctical, reaptlt‘ntsibility Ionu’re lookinug fill) Rom m
“ '12 The Navy operates more than hands-on experience wit our open 0 your avy recrux r. e _ , . . who“, r, m M, y“, N, Fa“ no“;
u. half the reactors in America. So nuclear powered ﬂeet. Maybe 08" ten you if YO}! qualify as a rhatIS When the Artcarved representatwe WI  be here mm“ “m 5% mt: 
 our nuclear trainingisthe moat you’ll work onanuclear subma- Nuclear Propulsion Ofﬁcer w to  you select your custom_made college Jewelry. “mmmrmmm wunﬂﬂymwowm
" comprehensive you can get. You rme, maybe a nuclear cruiser. But Candidate. Or call toll free 800-841- I . u... m m u. “m, m m M.
start by earning your commission wherever you work, gill really 80:10. (IInIGeiorgig, 800—3uls42-5855.) It 5 also the day YOU can Charge YOU I’ ArtCa rved ”
as a Navy Ofﬁcer. Then we give get to prove your wo —as a avy uc ear rap ion . . m w
you a year of advanced nuclear young Nuclear Propulsion Ofﬁcer Oilicer. Some men wait for the COI lege Jewel W on MaSter Charge or BankAmencard' “m h . m“ .I | "e 
. technology, training that wduld entrusted with the most advanced future. He lives it now. M 7 9 CC y lo ﬁnd-4 pm cwmn Guy L F'ulihn‘ er I 
 I "‘h L“ as at RC Rm 3'17 RPI iii
K a ’ _ ,— .
IT’S NOT JUSTAIOB, IT 5 AN ADVENTURE. k _ I   , 
l 'V a. A ‘ ' ‘ ‘ ' men s. 1977 ALBANY swam passes {AGE M  , * . 3;;
'7 ,nu if.i.t1l.'.l manna“. i.'vm.u.u‘ru nutrient.“ x 3 ' t

 

