 

 

 

 

d

. cifmpus at SUNY should
3 , seekto‘compensate for“‘decreases in
' oyouthful education in a stable Un-
iversity." "said Kelly.‘“iiy adding in-
' creasing numbers of older people
returning to collegeand professional
career programs.” .

But he‘ t'lt'eni"annou'need that,

statewide medical program tuition
will be increased this fall by $2.200-
SJJIIO and optometrical programs
by 52000-53000 to offset escalating
costs in those specialities.

Many -of the questions asked by
student reporters and broadcasters
were rhetorical gripes. Kelly refused
to involve himself or his ollice with a
SUC New Paltz dispute over man-
datory retirement of a 70-year old
sociology professor for whom 3000
student signatures had been
collected petitioning against ' the
forced retirement. But Howard
Fleisher of New Fall: protested and
said “But he‘s equivalent to having
almost five teachers.“ Kelly
answered. “A Chancellor cannot
make personnel decisions. Every
year I become more concerned about
laging. alsol."

Higher Education Services Cor-
poration Director Eileen Dickenson
was also present at the conference.
She said she knew nothing of a bill
before the Assembly which. citing
the HESC‘s failure to perform its
sole function of dispensing TAP
awards. would extend an April IS
deadline to collect |97o—77 awards.
to June 30.

“I know nothing of it." Dickenson
said. “Things have straightened out.“

Assemblyman John Hamilton (R-

esidues. backtracks  alibis; The .-
;- corporation should offer the exten— '

‘ 7' r‘i'This its case of government inep-

tit'ude from start to ﬁnish and it
brings up a‘ major question of budget

srAVANGEit. item-y to»)
American experts will try Monday
to cap‘a‘ runaway oil well that has

‘ been spewing millions of gallons of

crude oil into the North Sea.

Norwegian authorities said Sun-
day the l2-mile-long slick flowing
from the offshore well had begun to
dissipate and was turning away from
the coasts of Norway and Denmark.

The Phillips Petroleum Co. said

the decision to seal off the leak at
drilling platform “Brave” was made
Sunday after specialists from a
Houston. Tex.. .company were set
down by helicopter" on the oil-
eovered mid-sea rig.
V Phillips said they found that the
rig. in the Ekolisk oil ﬁeld. had es-
caped damage when a pipe exploded
Friday night. setting off a ISO-foot-
high geyser of oil that spilled into the
surrounding sea.

A Phillips spokesman estimated
the capping operation would take
one to three days. depending on
weather conditions.

He said another well would be
drilled at the spill siteto rclievesome
of the pressure forcing oil into the
sea at the rate of 49.000 gallons an
houL

Olav Carlsen of Norway‘s pollu-
tion control agency said a change in
the winds had sent the slick drifting
back toward the Ekolisk field. tem-
porarily suspending drilling
operations but easing fears of a ma—
ior ecological disaster along the

North Sea coast some I80 miles

 

 

The RP] JAZZ NIGHTCLUB

presents

FRATERNITY

Fri. April 29th
0 p
in RP] Union’s Mc Neil Room

Free for RPI
$1.00 general admission

p" f t, s tneptitud
."I'fee .l've done a good low.“

I Dickenibn. who Was appoiitted by“:
Governor Hugh Carey two years ago ‘

to ﬁll the six-year HESC director's
post. V .

Oil Spin Hits Not-way

away.

“If the wind continues to change
as it did in the last 24 hours. chances
are good that the oil slick will con-
tinue to drift around in the North
Sea for several days without ap-
proaching the coasts of Norway or
Denmark." he said.

Meanwhile. officials were also
mapping plans for cleaning up the
slick. estimated at between two and
live miles wide. Hans Bugge. chief of
the Norwegian cleanup operations,
said crews would use special equip-
ment to skim the oil from the water
starting Monday.

If that failed. special chemicals
might be sprayed over the slick.

"If the good weather conditions
continue. we hope to remove quite a
lot of oil from the surface." Bugge
added.

Phillips‘ spokesman Sto Lerdan
said the slick “is not verythick. Some
places there are only scattered
patches of oil. Only in the area
between the main storage tank and
the ‘Brave' is the slick quite thick."

ﬁbodﬁbstﬂweeds
W

by Richard Mermelsteln

SUNYA‘s ﬁrst Fast for the
Hungry. held from noon Friday un-
til 6:00 pm. Saturday in Colonial
Quad‘s U-Lounge and Penthouse.
has raised at least S4000. according
to People and Food recruiting
chairperson Mike (iuiliano.

People and Food owes its originto
a group of students in the World
Food Crisis course wanting to help
ease the problem of food scarcity.

“We‘ll have the final totals next
Saturday." said treasurer Dan
O‘Conner. “but the results are at
least twice as good as we had an-
ticipated.“ More than 300 students
participated. each student having
solicited sponsors who pledged a cer-
tain amount foreach hour of fasting.

Seventy-live per cent of the funds
received will be given to the hunger
appeal organimtion CROP. which
in turn will send the money to Third
World countries. “Most of this
money goes to self-help projects.
.I

 

 

 

 

 

I2:30 pm

pm

 

Planning to Withdraw from the
University at the End of the Spring
Semester
If you are not going to return to Albany next seawater or are
uncertain, members of the Office of the Dean of Student Affairs

staff will be available to discuss the possible alternatives
available to you at the lunchtime hours outlined below:

Indian Quad - Flagroom. Monday. May 2nd, l l:30 am to l2:30
pm

Colonial Quad - Flagroom. Wednesday. May 4th. 1 I:30 am to
State Qlld - Flagroom. Thursday. May 5th. I l:30 am to 12:30

in
Batch Quad - Flagroom. Friday. May 6th, “:30 am to l2:30

Also. on May 9. l0. and II (Monday - Wednesday) staff will be
available in the Off-campus Student Lounge of the Campus
Center from “:30 am to l2:30 pm.

 

 

.. ' r ' programs geared so
that they can grow their own food."
O'Connor explained. The remaining
25 percent will go to Albany's
Lwonga House. a center set up for
feeding and counselingthe destitute.

According to co-chairperson of
recruitment Mary Rand. "All ofthe
people who fasted found out what
the people in Third World countries
feel like. At the end ofthe 30 hours,
we had a cup of rice and a cup of tea.
We found out what it‘s like to eat a
‘meal' and still be hungry."

 

I'll cut waste -
NOT teams

Robyn
Porchlk

 

 

 

 

 

 

Camernla and NYC Exempt tram Converslon

WASHINGTON (AP)'Some areas with severe air pollution problems. such
as California and New York City, likely will be exempt from mandatory
conversion to coal under President Carter‘s new energy adviser James R.

Schlesinger said Sunday. “There will probably be some parts ofthe country ‘

where we will be unableto burn coal."_Schlesinger said. He made his remarks
on the CBS television program Face the Nation. Schlesinger said the goal to
achieve one billion tons of coal production by I985 probably will not mean a
lessening of environmental standards. "We are attempting to avoid any
rollback of environmental protection," he said. “But some states have unique
problems. Air pollution is afar more serious problem in California than it is
elsewhere."

Antl-Abortlon Issue SIIII Bubbllng

WASHINGTON (AP) Withclforts on behalf ol'a constitutionalamendment
restricting abortions stymied. the anti-abortion lobby is keeping the issue
alive by tryingtocut off government funding ofthe operations. Social service
programs funded by the federal government are the targets of the tactic.
Members of Congress who oppose abortion are being encouraged to attach
to funding bills for these programs amendments that would prevent the use of
federal money for abortions. Although abortion opponents are dissatisfied
with this piecemeal approach. they seem to have few other options. The
House and Senate subcommittees with jurisdiction over constitutional
amendments show no signs of willingness to act on an anti-abortion
amendment.

Exports State There Is Oll for 50 Years

UNITED NATIONS, NY. (AP) Estimates compiled by experts at a UN.
conference disagree with President Carter‘s televised warning that “we are
now running out of gas and oil.“ They hold that the world probably has
enough of both for another hundred years. A newly issued summary report of
last summer‘s conference says the dozens of specialists who attended
generally agreed that oil and gas from conventional sources “would last at
least until about the time period 2020—2030.“ The summary said the
consensus at the conference was that. as rising prices make it economical to
tap new sources. “additional petroleum and gas resources would most
probably be available. albeit at a substantially higher cost . . . during the
period of transition to the use of renewable energy sources. even if this
transition period should last a hundred years or more."

Carter Determlned to See Proposals Unchanged
NEW YORK (AP) President Carter says he doesn‘t intend to “lose the
struggle" to have his energy conservation proposals approved unchanged.
according to an interview released Sunday by Newsweek. Carter told the
magazine he is determined to see the entire package adopted without
modifications because any changes would upset its current balance. “If one
particular part of it drops out then the careful balance between inflation and
stimulation. between jobs and automobile production. between
environmental quality and energy conservation. between the producers and
the consumers of energy. these balances would be disturbed.“ Carter stud.
“There would really be an exaggerated adverse impact for some relatively
insignificant part . . . to drop out." Carter said.

Powell, Jaworskl and Bell to Address CJC
BIRMINGHAM, 'Ala. (AP) US. Supreme Court Justice Lewis l’owcll.
former Watergate prosecutor Leon Jaworski and Atty. Gen. Griffin Bell are
among well-known legal figures who will address the Sth Federal Circtnt
Judicial Conference in Birmingham May l-4. Jaworski will open Law Day
activities May 1 at the Church of the Advent. where a special service will be
conducted. The conference will formally open at 9 am. with the introduction
of new district judges by 5th Circuit Chief Judge John Brown. At l0 um.
Brown will deliver the traditional State of the Circuit address and at noon
Powell will speak. The Birmingham and Alabama Bar Associations will host
the conference.

Malorlty Take Energy Crisis Serlously

NEW YORK (AP) President Carter. in two television appearances last week.
convinced 54 per cent of those queried in a Gallup Poll that there really was
an energy crisis. 'Newsweek magazine. for whom the poll of 507 adults was
conducted last Wednesday night. said that previously only 43 per cent
thought the situation was serious. Uallupsaid 40 percent ol'those questioned
were more favorably disposed towards Carter because of his program. 39 pct

cent said they still felt the same about him and Ill percent said they were now ‘

less favorany disposed towards the president. The Gallup Poll. like a Hams
Poll released by ABC News last Friday. showed widespread support for most
of Carter‘s energy proposals.

PNA Demands Dlsmlssal ot Bhutto

ISLAMABAD, Pakistan (AP) The government jailed 48 prominent
opposition‘politicians Sunday in a move aimed at eliminating the leadership
of asix-week-old campaign ofstreet protests against Prime Minister lulftkar
Ali Bhutto. The opposition coalition. the Pakistan National Alliance. PNA.
called for a massive demonstration Tuesday in this capital city to press its
demands for Bhutto‘s ouster. No major violence was reported Sundav.
Almost 200 persons have been killed in clashes between rival political groups
and between security forces and protesters since the current troubles began
after the March 7 national elections. The PNA contends Bhutto's Pakistan
People‘s party. PI’P. won a two-thirds majority in parliament through
massive vote rigging. It has denounced him as a “usurper of the office of the
prime minister“ and has demanded his resignation and new elections.

 

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

APRIL 25. 1977

 

 

 

continued from page one

hoping for something that maybe I
can get out and if I am more on the
level of what the' students want,-
maybe others will want to get in-
volved. '

' ASP/WSUA: Are you running
what ls called an active campaign?
Holtz: I don‘t really see the need to
have these expensive signs and with
the fancy artwork.

ASP/WSUA: .Ion Lafayette. talking
to you In the past. I know that you
don't get along with every ad-
Ittittislrulor, and you look down
upon many things they've done. I

just want to ask you. what would you

consider an unreasonable act ion that
an administrator has taken on this
(run/ms in the last year?

Jonathan Lafayette: Any action
which was taken where Student
Association. as the representative
body for the students. was not
properly notified. as in an action like
the Colonial Quad parking lot. That
may have been more a problem of
the SA executives. but in general. I
haven‘t been in the SA office a lot
this year. so I don't know what the
notification to them has been. This

 

UPS/ms: warts

sm- rattler.

group comes up and says. we need
200 dollars to have a party. Council
can say that's fine. and anothercom-
es up and says we need $200 for an
educational weekend. Council can
say. “No you can‘t have it; we're
short on money." And then at tile
end of the year. to giveaway money
to groups that don‘t even want it.
This has happened a few times this
year.

ASP/WSUA: So exactly, ll'lllll it
your stand." You'll like to see the
.mtull tutu/ennui]'pt' groups get in-
t'l‘l‘ll.\t'(/ mono): ll'httt groups would

 

 

I don't really see the need to have these expensive signs

with the fancy artwork.

 

 

ycnr llt;t\ct1'l lutd uny- problcms \Illll
administrators because I haven't
been with them.

ASP/“SBA: [)n mu \t'l' tt/tl'
‘IH'l'lT/‘l' /I('l'.\tllltlllll' that you would
l'tll't‘ tt'utt/Ilt' nor/tint: tit/l1"
Lafayette: No. I don't.
ASP/“SPA: I’ttul I/‘t'lt/llltllll. do
wit"

I'uul l‘t‘ltll’llllll: \i'cll. l'\C\\nt’kcd ex-
tcnsncly this year witlt ud-
lllllllsll'tllnl's. and the way l'\c Itkcd
to churnctcrr/c the relationship is
that I'm not going inthcrcto ltL‘lllL‘ll‘
friend: I‘m going to advocate what I
set: us the student needs on this cum-
pus. Wc can have mutual respect.
but we (list) htnc to bc Iorccful.
‘\.\l'/\\SI?A: .llitt l't'll ll't't'ttt't'. port
11/ tour t-uttt/ntign is lutsml on l/it'
quail/notion tlnt you have run-
\I\lt‘lIl/I rut/ml /ut' IIIUI‘t‘ IIItHIt'l lut'
n/l .\ I ut'uu/n. I/mt l/tl Itlllllltllt‘tllt‘
um lt'lt'l u/ Hun/t: ntlrt’s/mttxilzi/ltr"
\lilt'lu-ll “t'l‘llt‘l’? l‘nlortunutcly.
that \\.t\ \rtndctln lllllL‘ poorly on my
purl l “Ill how to sit) thul “llill it
was mcnnt to be \th’ lllill l sec no
tcttson uh) Ill Council. whcn onc

IUII tut."

Werner: Well. I would cut SA
()pcrnllng. | ll‘llllk thcn tstoo much
money unstcd thcrc. Second. I might
cut back on some of these
Untvcrstly-utdc purlit's. Third. I
might cut mtoquuds. bill ulcwthcm
ltl scll quud curds. tltcrcbyszningus
blltlllill in year. possibly to spread
out around the other gttiups.
ASP/WSUA: / ll'Ull/(l [the to l/tl'l’tl
I/'I.\ t/ttmtt'ott It! lmtl.‘ llttvt' (lo/(l Illtl
l’oul I-‘e/tlnmn. l'ou lull/7 are run-
ning utt (l lll‘ht’l nitl: n vim--
presidential mnrlirlate. Would you
t‘lilll'tlt'lt'l'llt' that Ilt'lt‘t'l or political in
nrt/ut't'f‘ lll'ut lll‘t‘ your I't'tl.\ttlt.\, tn
tlll I'I' tron/t. [tn-runningunutt'r/wt“
(iuld: Iltc reason I chose Anne
[Marktmu/l as n tics-presidential
running mate. ntn' l \\.lt.l y )H to
kno\\ lhul l was hr ll"\l one to
cllotisc n \tcc-ptt'sidcntml lunntng
|lI.Ilt.'. is hccuusc I discussed the role
ol :1 \‘icc president, Sltc sun the role
ol the \lt‘t‘ prcmlcnl us more llltlll
|lt.\l the Contact nlltt‘c. the 5.". \tln.
\ouchct's. llllllg) like that. I told lIL'I
htm | cttttuottctl ll. including 1h.

- tin/lute was

Presldenllsl and vlcs-presldentlal conduct-s ready themselves
Friday night to rscolvo questions from a panel at reporters.

APRIL 25. 1977

Assembly of SA groups. which
would be headed by the vice presi-
dent. I wanted an active vice presi-
dent. someone who would go to the
students. someone who w0uld help
me bring SA to the students. bring
awareness of SA issues. get more
students involved. That's why I
chose Anne.

ASP/ WSU A: Do you/col you would
work will; any of llit' other can-
flit/altar."

Gold: I‘ve worked with Kathy
[Baron] and Jim [Aronofl']. I think I
would work the best with Anne.
ASl’/WSI?A: Paul."

lieldman: I personally would like to
any that running with Kulhy was not
politically motivated at all. Kathy
and I can complcmcnt each other in
many ways. The SA slttnlltl not be
run by any one individual and Il
shouldn't be run by jllSl two. Yet.
Kathy and l envtstou president and
\icc president as co-cituirpcrxons to
at large Ctilllllllllcu. We complement
each other in practical experience.
lictwccn us we lune practical cx-
pcrtcncc in cvcry luccl ol govern-
ment. which Is important.
ASP/WSUA: l'uu .mul llt‘lllt't'll
Itllt. ItIII l'uvt' t't‘pt't'it'ln‘t' in ('l’t‘l'l'
ltlt ('1. but lwtl. |"\ mm t‘llll’tlllUIl f.) Ill
ll t’tll'l'tl o/ .S.-l .S'l 'ttntl I'tllll'\ Il'lllt’ l/il‘
('ttlvt'ttttlt .bt‘lllllt'. l’utt'rt' \urI tg/
Ill! Ali/Ill: in llllt'l'lllll .S‘.l u/lm'rt.
l-'cldmun: Well. lll‘sl let me say that
Kathy has served on (‘ouncil lor u
ycttr and a hall. T his year Kathy has
been involved with SASII. that‘s
been llL‘l L‘Ullucllll'lllltlll. llllo your
l‘w bccn tnmnly unolvcd III U ntvcr-
sit) Scuttle. Wc don't lllu.‘ to spread
Hurst-hes too thin. lltnvcwr. last
year I did scrw on u ('t-nttul Council
comtnutcc, l uni presently chanting
tltc SA Iusk force on lcgttl St't-
\iu‘n. and [how lltl\L‘ pncnthc added
pctspcclnc for the dcuhngs of SA,
ASP/“NI ,\: Ilttlt t/ll ltIll lt‘t'l
tt/mttl nor/titty Ill/l til/It'r
vtt'e»/)rt'.titlt'ttliul t‘ttttt/irlalm."
l'cldntun: l sec no problem working
\\lllI the other \‘ICC pl'csltlL‘lIlltll cun—
dtdntcs. llowctcr. I think that what's
good for the orgutn/utmn next year.
in tcl'nh ol strength. I can see bcsl
\lllli Kathy.

ASP/WSUA: Ayn llult:, (utry
Parlor was one gut n r“ lt'tl.\’ a non-
.i/lldt'lll government type person.
and he won: but he wasn't very
.l'ur't't’xdjlil/I/bl‘ one reason or another.
How would you analyze his
problems. and do you think you
would have the more problems?
Holttz Gary might be a fool. I‘m not
sure. That might be his problem.
ASP/WSUA: ('1) 7% has proposed
totakeoverthe SUN Ybuses andrun
everything for the off-campus and
alumni people. What do you think
about the CDT/l takeover?
Lafayette: I don‘t think it‘s a good
idea. Students need input into allthe
services that go on on this campus.
By turningthc buses over to CDTA.
students are goingto be losinginput.
losing even the input we have with
the plant department. which isn‘t
much. I think a proposal like that
will hurt students in general.

' ins/m was
Kathy Baron.

UPS/Ml! WA“

Anne Markowltz.

Feldman: I‘m against the CDTA
takeover of buses because the cam-
pus will losc the autonomyto control
the buses. However. I rettlly think
that the reverse should happen.
Students should control where the
buses should go. because we‘re the
ones who use the buses.

Werner: Basically. the wuyl unders-
tand the proposal now. it is not very
good. And I would not likclosecap-
prnvttl ol the basic proposal as it is
now. l~|owcvcr. il'eertuin things were
norde out With CDTA. I think it
might be more beneficial for
students to he ublc to he purl of the
(‘I)'l A otguni/ution. so they can go
trosslown on ('I) | .I\ us part of the
agreement.

Pcrchik: lhc buses now aren‘t the
greatest. I know because I‘m the only
cttndldnlc than has to rcl_\ on the
buscs. I would druslicully be up-
pnsed to any kind ol cut III the ser-
\tcc. ll's probably easier to charter a
flight to lturopc than lo ClllL’ll ll
Sll\ Y hits Llll\\'lllll\\ n. I wouldn‘t let
('IH'A take over the buscs unless
they wcrc providing Intrrc scruce
that we‘re getting right now.
llollI: I'm tlgllltlsl ll too. lust like
meryoucclsc. and I think llltll this is
un csumplc ol \\hcrc information

Jlrn sr' ' .m’mm

other candidates have given an
answer. I‘ll say Dave. I see that he
has a genuine commitment.

Werner: Unfortunately. I haven’t
really sat down and talked with the
other candidates extensively enough
to make the kind of decision they
might be making. More of an un-
educated way of dotng it I would
probably vote for Dave. He‘s the one
I‘ve seen work most often.
ASP/WSUA: Steve Miller. you are
the only one of the four vire-
[ll't‘.i‘l(/t‘lllftll t‘lltll’ltltllt'l‘ tho! slit] not
.l'l(lrl tho t'u/ttpttt'gn will: (I running
mate. ll'tts Ililll on purpose (Illtl do
run (‘llll.\'frlt'l’ thttl ttlt tl.\'.\’t‘l or (I
tlt'trt'ntettti‘

Steve Miller: ’l but was originally by
design. I originally chose not to run
with u presidential candidate. The
reason I did that was lodcmonstrutc
solllc flexibility. I feel that I can
work well with any ol the presiden-
tiul candidates and I think that the
whole idea is to work open-mindedly
and intelligently towards the best
possible SA leadership.

ASP/ WSliA: I'd like ("troll/wran-
l/ifllllt’\ it I'll choose to. II) tlll.\‘l\'t‘l' this
qmutn In, if by did run t'lmtm' turun
lul' tl't' l‘ll't"[ll‘(’.\lt/I’IltVI' tool not Iln'
[truth/utter"

 

 

It‘s probably easier to charter a flight to Europe than to
catch a SUNY bus downtown.

 

 

stayed In thc SA clique atmosphere
and tlltl not get out to the students.
thn u got out. II was ltmlulc. and
thctc‘s nothing lit bc donc about II.
We hun- (‘IJI \ luth now.
ASP/“SI A: I)” n."

lioll/z \i'cli. not no“, but “U will.
()kny. llt:tl'-. tln~ problem

(will: l mu the only cundtdulc who
hm scrtcd on the ('l) | .I\ Ctllllll‘llllL‘L‘

I can tcll you tight now, (‘1) | A did
not ptcscnt u \tublc plun. |hc_\ lust
dtd not tillcr us trinity \CFVIL‘L‘N as or:
hurt- ntm. llmt‘s .lh‘llld. [thinkthat
lilL‘ tcnl L'iliIIC nus that no one kncw
what was going on. | go cutti-
putgnmg. people say. “In ( 'l) | A tak-
ing om tltc buses?“ N there had been
an open forum and tnlortnutlon told
to the quad boards. we would not
hmc the problems of students not
knowing Will” is happening Willi
CDTA.

ASP/WSUA: If you weren't run-
nirtg for SA president. who! can-
didate would you vote for?
Lafayette: Paul Feldman. I've
always felt Paul was very good with
administrators and I‘ve agreed with
him on the way he goes about trying
to get things done l‘orthc students. as
opposed to the other candidates.
Gold: Probably l’uul. We‘ve had
long talk. be impressed me.
Perchik: i think Dave. because we‘ve
worked together a lot. It's hard for
me to go through his virtues. I‘d say
read his literature.

Feldmsn: It‘s a difficult question to
answer. I dor't know ifit‘s properto
even answerthat question. However.

I- will answer it because all of the
ﬁ

' ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Aranoff: Originally. I was going to
rtm lor president. I felt that in the
[no ycurs of involvement in SA. lid
acquired the necessary kttowlcdgcto
do the lob properly tn contpttrisonlo
lhc other contenders for the ollic'c.
l'pon talking In my cvrunning
mate. I saw I was mistaken. As a
sophomore. I didn‘t feel that I had
the pct'spccttw necessary to coor-
dmutc and run a group as large as
SA. I felt that that was lhconly thing
thztl was lacking. but that II was very
important. lhts sense ol historical
perspective. lIiIHIIg only seen one ad-
mtntstrution at the lime closely. this
administration I tell that that was a
bad model to go by. 'l hul's the
reason I chose to rttn for vice presi-
dent.
ASP/WSUA: Hus Dun (lainrs'
withdrawal from the clot-tion hurt
your t'ltum't-t'for election.“
Aranoff: I don't think so. not at all.
ASP/WSUA: Would anyone like to
(Illd'll‘t’l’ the question about why they
ran for vice president?
Baron: I definitely would. Because of
the Iettertothe editorinthe ASPlast
Tuesday which said that the women
are taking second seat to the men in
this race. The reason why I decided
to run for the vice president was
because. after three years here. two
years of which I thought that SA was
heading in the direction I wanted it
to go as a student. This year was a
major disappointment let me. I felt
very alienated f rotn the office as did
a lot of other people and. I thought
that my time is up and I am the elder
continued on page four

panama

 

