 

 

u t" 1;»..,.ci,,.e~.eg;__+ R. . ;, A,   . r.

~‘:—,.,-n

 

w”

 

 

 

 

Anheuscr-Busch. Inc. today asked the
Federal Trade Commission to investigate
the Miller Brewing Company, its parent
company. Philip Morris. Inc. and its
advertising agency, MeL‘ann-Erickson
Worldwide. for alleged consumer
deception in the advertising. labelling.
packaging and merchandising of
Lowenbrau beer.

l.o\venbrau. a well-known tierman
beer no longer is imported into the 11.5..
but is being produced by Miller Brewing
at one or more of its US. breweries.

ln I974. Miller Brewing acquired
exclusive rights to produce and market
Lowenbrau in the US. but aceotdingto
the complaint. the Lowenbiau produced
by Miller Brewing in the l‘nitcd Statesis
brewed with different ingredients and
under a dil'lercnt process than the well-
knoun (ierman product.

Miller Brewing is charged \tith
marketing the [LEI-brewed Lowenbrau
in a manner to deceive and mislead
consumers. causing them to believe

 

 

/;'i/ilor'.\ IlU/(‘f Hie i'Ii/ornmlimi [)l't'\l‘HIt'tf
llflril't' was illilllfilt'tl Iltrnugli /(lt‘l.\
ili'm'i/mli'il lii' .-tIi/Ii'uwr-Bust-Ii, Ila. u]
SI. Louis, .‘lf.\.\UIl/'I.

contrary to Tack—that Lowenbrau is
stilled brewed in and imported from
Germany or alternatively that the
domestic product is the same as the
German-brewed version.

The complaint that Philip Morris.
Miller and lvlcCann—Erickson are
representing directly or by implication
that:

'All beer sold under the Lowenbrau
label has its origin in Germany when in
tact it does not:

OAll beer sold under the Lowenbrau
label is brewed in (iermany and imported
tor sale into the Us. when in fact it is not;

OAll beer sold under the Lowenbrau
label is brewed from the same ingredients
used by l.o\\'enbtati Munich. whciiinfaet
donieslie Lowenbrau is brewed with
signilicantly dillerent ingredients:

0.»\ll beer sold under the Lowenbrau
label is brewed using the same proce' "es
as iowenbrau Munich whereas domestic
Lowenbrau is produced by significantly
dillercnt processes.

In support the foregoing allegations.
the complaint cites the following specific
laets:

0|)omesticall) produced lmvenhrati
six-pack cartons are nearly identical to

’ Sprechen   41.,

those traditionally used to package
imported Lowenbrau (in its traditional
trade colors and featuring the Lowenbrau
heraldic lion trademark) and carryingthe
statement: "Lowenbrau Established I383
Munich. Germany.“ The only indications
to the contrary appear on the bottom of
the carton and carton ends which are not
visable to consumers when the carton is
displayed in stores.

0|)omestically produced Lowenbrau
bottle labels are nearly identical to those
used to label imported Lowenbrau. These
labels also are in Lowenbrau Munich's
traditional colors and feature the heraldic
lion trademark. plus representations of
eight medallions awarded the German-
brewed product in international beer
competition but never awarded to the
domestic product. l’ypc indicating the
[1.8. origin is less than llti-inch high.

OAdvertising statements for domestic
Lowenbrau in publications and on
television (such as: “When you want the
taste of a truly great beer, there‘s really
onl) one. lowenhrau. Since 1383.“) are
intended to give consumers the
impression that when they buy
Lowenbrau they are buying the famous
Munich beer.

Lett. six-pack carton and bottle at Lowenbrau beer brewed in the United States by the

Lett, bottle at domestically brewed
Lowenbrau beer. nght. bottle of
Imported Lowenbrau.

Ol’oint-of-sale advertising materials
using the Lowenbrau Munich colors and
trademark contain no disclosure that the
beer now being sold as Lowenbrau in
U.S.-produced.

OWlien domestic Lowenbrau is sold on
draught there is no disclosure at the point
of consumption that the product is a
different product than imported
Lowenbrau. On-premise point—of-sale
materials make no disclosure that the
beer in question is domestic. and the use
01 the traditional Lowenbrau Munich
coiors and trademark give the impression
that it is imported.

'lhe wording oii the back panel of
some domestic Lowenbrau bottles
includes the word
“Ri-iNllltl lSUl'Htii.“ which is a l5io
decree which regulates beers brewed in
“maria and limits their content to barley
nialt. hops. yeast and water. The domestic
lonenbrau does not comply with the
decree because it contains other
ingredients ingredient and process
ditlcrenees between the domestic and
Munich Lowenbrau are detailed in the
complaint.

lhc complaint request that the FTC
take appropriate action against Miller
Brewing. Philip Morris, inc. and
McCann-lirickson Worldwide to
discontinue the deceptive practices.

 

 _ Miller Brewing Co. Right. bottle and six-pack carton 01 original Lowenbrau brew

UA HELLMAN TONIGHT AT
'lit!!:i’“’;?;;2i}}  “"0" COIN-STAMP SHOW
Sunday, Dec. 4, 1977

You've Found It!

 

Sl‘il‘i plus

Wimpy DIANE BANANAS
ALLEN   ll'kltlllllgltlll zli'i'. liri. Album; A: p

Journalism Club Meeting plus .lmm ‘u/ o. Jim-nun rill/n

* ': I. “ n v,
Wednesday at 9 P M   I;    post (wards     Dealers

Humanities Lounge m Unlltﬂﬂr‘tlsls
Bring a Fnend US I’().S"I' OFF/('13 PRESENT

Polish Community Center

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

A LAI'CH l'll.l.lil)l WNW; AH. SI'IA’I'S $2 tlti

 

T-———-— “ Jo Dl’s Sound Center Presents:
  Repeat of Last Month’s FREE LABOR
[snide billim   on any Stereo or

 

The French Connection

aoza Delaware Avu tnext to Delaware Theatre)
462-9330

'V'“ CB purchased before
T 'NURSING HUS
NslrnAiiLgiiSH. KAPLAN .. I. _‘ V, Christmas No covet Charge

ﬁt [,7 ﬂak.” (I, I. . . l  EDUCArioNAL clenrian V V.  v I T008. WCd.
L r l “(rah/Ital plcru‘lc isilyoiiit‘iNttmv Hlx OX i ‘ b - 4:, I‘lliiilfiilfiti‘ih'i. ~‘-vl,lll‘vlli.flb” ' . i . i , , I    

lo: lllftl’tll.illllll I'll-tisw (Iii/Iii!

vii. I am i may 4 'i  “"1, (I I i   iUS tax
 A... 1- .  $19 p Happy How Old Time

I
c D o _ . - -
I c r  . ’ [J'bi'iiii  iiiiiaﬂl iii/er (l['/lflt’.\‘ Ii) Xmas layuliwi'i~   / " movie.
e  'Jga on “mu m ..,, _
9 23 5mm nz‘ I JO-DI’S SOUND CENTER   ‘ " 5.552245“

 across from Wilkes Cleaners CIOW HI"
1 Highland Ave. , Colonle 489-4408 Fri. & Sol.
Sales - Service - installation 0W" ‘“ 410° 8’" “WW5 J

m riiiiiiti statue: Sicilian

on not I um" ro- nun.»

 

 

Cinema Theatre Cine Theatre

Chock newspapers for additional theatres and show times.

TEST PREPARATION
SPECIALISTS SINCE I’ll
l.iilv l‘. in mum on [ Illi' r. Alumni

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

L

DECEMBER 2, 1977

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE 5A

 

 

 

 

 

