:

   

........ raw-.mgmmt

" , .._~..._............Mmuxm u _._ ... -

 

 

,.,.
t.. ,.

 

 § Beauty is in the Eye of the Promoter‘—

 

 

 

 

 

TO: Vince O‘Leary
FROM: John A: Hartigan

which would reap Federal

ﬁnalized. From the inception

proceeded

system. .

the tentative contract realistically in
terms of known and certain beneﬁts.
Unfortunately. the tentative contract
contains so many unknowns and
unanchred concerns that I ﬁnd it an
extremely risky venture.

PDuring these many months as the.
campus consciously. conscientioust and
seriously pursued the question of service
(the only issue that we can deal with) none
of the three issues to be resolved by

Wonderful 3.16;; 

By MARK J. McGARRY

Dell. at one time. published a lot of
extremely poor books. They still do. but
fewer of" them are in the science fiction
fine. thanks to editor Jim Frenkel. He has
offered up to us Intern'orld by Isidore
Haihlum (SLSO). and wrapped a very
fine. uncredited cover around it. (I‘ve
always wondered why it is so difficult for
some publishers to give credit where it is
due to artists. Hopefully Dell will rectify
this situation. as other publishers have
done recently.)

IIIIt‘I‘lt'Ul'lt/ is a brisk story written in a
Raymond Chandler-style. The
protagonist is not-entirely-heroic
detective who has been assigned to guard
a stile containing. among other things. a
few gramsofan element that makestravel
to other surrealistic. and at times too
realistic dimensions possible. The
detective Dunjer. rind some companions
he picks up along the way bounce across
Universes in haphazard fashion. running
into an inter-dimensional beastie called
Klox. two-bit Emperors and flying
demons. and also some robots and other
things. It's a lot to stuff into one book.
Haihlum does it byjerking us along at a
fast pace and treats us to a real roller-
coaster ride. Perhaps not weighty. or
especially literary. but definitely fun.
The Dial Press/James Wade lives
where Dell docs. and they both live with
Dial I’ress. so I'm not really sure who
owns whom. I do know that the Dial
I’Ress, James Wade has started
something called "The Quantum Science
I‘iction Linc“ which is certainly worthyof
note. Hrst. understand that there is big
bucks here. Not only are Quantum titles
issued first in hardcover, they are also
issued in several foreign corrntries.
through the Science Fiction Ilook Club.
arid they will appear in paper in the near
ﬂare. too. This is a far cry frottithc days

PAGE 4A

 

loco-ct... .. ...-.u.

 

 

Since September. I976.- campus review.
deliberations and active negotiations
have consumed our energies in a most
frustrating process that hopefully could
beneﬁt this University Center and
concomitantly the State of New York.

Unqucstionably. there is some campus
opposition. some of which is real. some of
which is uninformed. Professionally and
managerially. I have attempted to assess

external agencies has been ﬁnalized. Our
campus negotiations necessarily could
not consider a dollar amount exceeding
the $253,000 which is the amount
allocated within our operating budget‘for
the existing campus-operated bus seLvice.
Also. we have been precluded from
considering the beneﬁts that CDTA

matching might derive from matching Federal .
funds if a contract with CDTA could be funds. Inthetwelve preceding months, we recommend continued negotiations wrth
of this
process. we were mindful of service
problems. some of which continue to
plague us at the campus level. In face of beneﬁcial.
inhibiting factors beyond our control. we
to formulate a tentative
contract through at least ten revisions.
Even after ten revisions and CDTA's
several responses. there is no assurance
that the Authority will provide service
reasonably equivalent to our existing

have labored with some commonality of
purpose to see if an arrangement with
CDTA’ could be acceptable and

In my letter of October 6. I977 to Mr.
Robert Manz. I proposed the addition of
Zone I service for all students as a clear
indication of better service. It was my
thinking that a contractual agreement
with CDTA should clearly provide some
signiﬁcant positive result to offset what
we would lose by giving up our own bus
service and surrendering what is now a
dedicated service to' members of the
University community. It should be noted
that this Zone I service was an essential
feature of CDT A‘s initial proposal tothis
campus.

Mr. Manz replied on October 2|.
essentially telling the campus that any
Zone I consideration would have to be
factored as an additional cost in excess of
the 8253.000. our dollar limitation for
negotiation purposes. That problem then
is deferred to the Division of Budget.
Further. Mr. Manz‘s response delimits
CDTA‘s intended service so that we find

Other Dimensions, “Cloning--

oftwenty-five years ago when if a sf book
appeared in hardcovers at all it was an
event worth a “hosanna” or two.

The first title in the series is The
Uplift'hi Hot/intl by John Varley ($8.95)
and it ain‘t so hot. Varley is somewhat ofa
phenomenon. He‘s only been writing for
two or three years and this past year he
had two novelettes on the Hugo Award
ballot (which is why he didn't win with
either - he was competing against himself
- but that‘s pretty much beside the point).
This is his first try at anything over
novelctte length. and it was eagerly
awaited by reafers and reviewersalike.
Most of Varlcy‘s stories take place in the
same background. a future where cloning
and transplantation of memories from
one brain to another are combined. so
that everyone is virtually immortal.

When Varley‘s protagainst. Lilo. is
killed. and this happens several times in
the book. her memories are implanted.
into a clone and she comes back. nonethe
worse for wear. Some of the Lilos get
away into odd corners of the Solar
System. allowing Varley to tell several
stories with the same protagonist at the
same time. The result is that the book is a
little disjointed. it little off-key. and whyl
don‘t think the book is three or four
novefettes all mixed together in the same
pot. some reviewers do. and it‘s hard to
disagree with them. The base-line plot is
that Lilo is a scientist due to be executed
for the crime of genetic experiments on
humans. A corrupt politician helps her
escape fromjail. leaving a clone with her
memories and personality behind in her
place. (Why. if the politician has the
clone. does he need the real Lilo? I don't
know; Varley never tells us. but does give
us several reasons why he does not need
her. Oh well.)

llte politician makes Lilo serve him in

his t.\Il deeds. \rul nlicu l.tltt tries to

'no guarantee of sufﬁcient capacity to
transport students even to the extent that
' we can presently provide to our clientele.
These responses, as well as serious
reservations about the level and quality of
service that cannot be written into a
contract. lead me to the following
recommendation.
After much soul searching. I cannot

CDTA to replace our bus service.
Although Mr. Veillette encouraged us
last summer to write a contract that
would preserve at least what we now have
with our existing service. we have found
that effort futile. The tentative contract
cannot guarantee the kind of service that
we now provide even though a legal
instrument spells our schedules.
frequencies' and certain quantitative
equivalents. We remain skeptical after
many efforts. Assuming that the three
issued unresolved by other State agencies
over the last six months were somehow
resolved. a contract with CDTA
automatically means the loss of our buses
and employees and the demise of our
system evolved over many years to meet
campus needs. Understandable. the State
of New York cannot guarantee in writing
the necessary funding to replicate the
campus bus service if CDTA did not in
fact perform in the spirit of a proposed
contract. Even with Zone I service. we
would be losing control. flexibility and
the certainty of meeting existing needs. In
my opinion. without Zone I service. only

escape she is killed. and revived as a clone
which means the politician doesn‘t have
the real Lilo for most ofthe book anyway.
Other Lilos end up in the asteroid belt. on
Earth. on the Moon. on the edges ofthe
Solar Systcn from somewhere outside it.
supplying Mankind with raw datathat he
can use or mis-use as he chooses. Lilo.
with some help. finds the aliens on the
other end of the Hotline. and Varley
brings down the cunain on this Era of
humanity.

I didn‘t believe it. Varley manages to
bring all the different plot-lines together
at the end. but not terribly well. Varlcy‘s
excellent prose and imagination are at
work here. but misdirected. We can only
hope he will do better.

Gregory Benford has written three
novels before In The Ocean 0/ Night
($9.95). One book. [I' The Stars Are Gods.
was written in collaboration with Gordon
Eklund and won a Nebula in its original.
shorter version. In The Ocean of Night is
made up of several short stories which
originally appeared in magazines and
anthologies from I972 to I977. The
action covers the years I999 to 20l9.

Nigel Walmsley is the protagonist. a
Briton transplanted to American and not
altogether happy about it. an astronaut
who is given the job of destroying the
asteroid Icarus with a nuclear warhead
before it drops into the middle of the
Indian sub-continent. When he reaches
Icarus he finds it is an alien artifact. The
original builders are long dead. and what
artifacts Walmsley cttn recover don't give
very many cltres to what the aliens were
like or what their purpose In our Solar
System was. He destroys it. as he artist
but before he does he unwittingly sets off
Il chain of events which not only lead to
more often encounters. but which also
insure his presence at these encounters.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

t

..... _

andersteroids

CDTA clearly beneﬁts through Federal
matching funds.

It is my considered recommendation
that negotiations with CD'I‘A be
discontinued at this time. I can see no rctrl
advantage to the University in entering
into a contract—with CDTA. However. in
the interest of mass transit concerns. the
State's ﬁnancial interest. and as rm
attempt to be responsive to the interest of
DOB. I recommend consideration of n
more limited arrangement on a trial basis.
It is my recollection that Mr. Veillette. at
one of our summer meetings. queried
whether or not some kind of trial basis
could be used to test CDTA‘s bits service
thereby allaying our concerns and
reservations asexpressed at that ti me. My
staff and I would be willing to study and
discuss a trial arrangement that might
include the following elements:

I. An invitation to CDTA. ifthc sole
source question can be resolied. to
provide bus service to us during the
evening hours from 5:00 pm. to the end
of daily service and to meet our weekend
service needs.

2. Fixing a trial period ofsix montlisto
a year so that CDTA has an opportunity
to demonstrate how well it can perform
and allow us the opportunity to evaluate
its performance.

3. Financing such an arrangement
through redeployment of campus
resource generated by vacant line item
positions.

('Ullliﬂllt'll on page .’.-I

 

 

There is the Snark. a somculurt
confused cybernetic probe which l'ar‘lh
manages to scare off despite Waltnsler's
efforts to the contrary; there is the \\ tlst'o
(Oregon) nuclear explosion of a lttllu'tlo
unsuspected stockpile of alien weapons.
there is the ruined spaceship on the
Moon. And there are more aliens coining.

Walmsley is a very real character. He Is
a little cocky. a little frustrated. btrt \err
concerned and sympathetic. He has a
great desire to know. and bytlieend or the
book he has put together all the L'lllt's
Ilenford had scattered across 27o pages
and he is not altogether human an) tunic
When the book etids. we are made to lL‘Ll
regret that we won't see more of
Walnisley. and that takes ptmct‘llrl.
precise writing.

In (/10 Ocean of Nigh/ provides all
interesting contrast. in some ways. to Iflt'
()[I/Ifllt‘llf Ila/line. Benford‘s book is
actually a series of connected novclcltcs
and novellas. yet he ltas produced a llttL'
book where Varley has produced J
disjointed one. The difference lies in A
matter of technique. Where Vault)"
characters careen off events in the book
like billiard balls off cushions. Bcnlord
chooses to develop his protagonist I“
having the events contribute to that
development. not provide hurdles to It
Nigel Walmsley learns to climb tllc
barriers Benford sets for him. Varlc)\
characters use clones to circumvent those
barriers.

I am. perhaps. heingtoo harsh witltthc
Varley book and too complementary of
the llCllfth. I'lie Varley has many good
points. and the Benford probably has
some bad ones. though I have yet to find
onehlf the Dial Press/James Wade cart
corittrtttc to present books of'llris caliber.
they will be all important force in science
fiction publishing in years to come

OCTOBER 28, 1977

 

 

 

 

‘ :.,. .r.....-...‘.  ...t 

 

 

i“! feel the’same about this bodyjudgement as I
do about wet T-shr'rt contests. ”

 

By JUNE BOHLING

“Why are mcnjudged by what they do
and women by' how we look?“ This was
one of several slogans used by a group of
SUNYA coeds in protesting the First
Annual . Homecoming Queen Contest
held last Thursday night in the Campus
Center Ballroom.

. “I‘m-really upset about it. Maybe we'll
make some people aware that this is an
exploitive thing for women." said one of
the protesters.

A group of about 30 protesters
congregated outside the ballroom before
the contest began. which was held to
promote school spirit for Homecoming
Weekend. They handed tothosc entering
the ballroom a mimeographed sheet of
paper describing their objections to the
pageant.

The group listed their reasons for
wanting to stop the pageant. “We want to
elevate women toa human level. Women
are people to be respected. not sexual
objects to be abused. We want women to
be recognized for their intellectual
capabilities. We want women to be

judged by what they do. not how they

look. We want to stop the parading of
female flesh for the pleasure of men.“

“Would you like to read this sir?“

"No." was the reply as he quickly
walked by.

“Don‘t ask them ifthcy want to read it.
thrust it upon them." One protester said to
another.

“I protest the fact that my tax money
[mandatory student tax] which I was
forced to pay is being spent without my
permission on things I disapprove of.
such as this sexist body exhibition. I feel
the sameabout this bodyj udgment rts I do
about wet T-shin contests.“ said Lee
Howard.

“What do you think you‘ll accomplish
through this protest?“

“Very little. I'hcr‘c‘s rt slight possibility
of milking people aware.“ said Howard.

One other sign of protest read.
“Lookism oppresses people (But Mostly
Women)"

The group discussed plans before
entering the pageant.

“We can‘t be disruptive.

“We have every right to go rn there.“

“We‘ll color their thinking if we‘re in
there.“

The demonstrators quietly entered as a
group. holding their signs high. They
scaled themselves on the left side of tlte
ballroom. Sotiic stood on top of the

On The

to \II \t sotmto‘s

Each year over 3 million American students
are haunted by an array of standardi/ed
admission tests. through tests such as the
Iowa and Standtord Aclireretncnl tests to
elementary school. to the SAT s. l.S/\ Is. and
(iREs in college. students have been told to
accept the "fact" that they are only as
competent as their test score indicates llcsptte
this outward acceptance of standardiced
testing as part of our education system.
criticism is increasing rapidly. calling for a
cotnplete rc-cvalualiori of the tnslitutrorr of
mass standardi/ed testing.

The mastermind of the tesrng rrrtltrsrr yrslltt:
Educational Testing Sys’lcttlll‘ IS) I I‘m!“

 

unregulated private

 

 

 

corporation which

OCTOBER 28, 1977

What do you think of the protesting?

“What’s a homecoming queen
supposed to be? They suggested there
should be a king and a queen." said Pete
Ponzini. a pageant worker.

“Everyone is allowed to show their
views, as long as there‘s no disruption."
said Ronna Mandel. a spectator.

“They‘re a bunch of kooks.“ said Bruce
Toppin. another spectator.

Paula Pope. a contestant said. “We
enjoy doing things like this. We don‘t
think it‘s inhibiting us~our individuality
or our future achievements. If anything.
it‘s advancing our individuality."

“They have the right to be here.“ said
Kathy Simpson. also a contestant.

A comedy duo performed while the
judges voted for five ﬁnalists among the
II contestants.

"I know more about women than
women do.“ said a comedian. as he began
his act.

The demonstrators began to hiss.
"Fuck you.“ said Tova. a demonstrator.
as she raised her arm to show her middle
finger. “ Rape ‘em you assholes. Fucking
assholes." She nervously began to pace.
The piece of paper in her bands was
already crumpled. Fellow protesters tried
to console her.

 

Business of Testing,

currently enjoys a monopolistic hold on the
slandardr/cd testing market. Iiveryonc from
('I/\ agents to Peace (‘orps volunteers must
pass throuin the portals oftlie F. I S. 'I he tests
that decide the destiny of millions are written
by only 58 people,

It would seem reasonable to assume that an
rngatu/arton ulirch has such all important
impact upotr so runny ltvcs possesses a lugh
degree ol accountability tothosc whotn ttslest
lotcthlv control; unfortunately this is not llte
crrsc IIIS is not accountable to any otttside
agency lls lrturncral records. procedures. and
test eurlttalron methods are not matters of
pubfrc record. I'IS refuses to respond to
serious inquiries to these areas and other
\CIISIIHL‘ Issues such as the steps it takes to

“Boo.” yelled the group. several times
during the act.

“I have to go to the bathroom." said a
comedian. ending his act.

“Why don't you lock yourself in and
not come out.“ Tova shouted to the pair
of comedians.

Leaning against a pillar. Tova slid to
the floor. knees to chest. head to knees.
arms Wrapped around her head.

She stood upafew minutes later. Again
she began to pace. She continuously
wrapped her key chain around her
ﬁngers. “They say this has nothing to do
with exploition of women. but with
school spirit.“ she told members of her
group.

Later a demonstrator reacted to the
answers given by the ﬁnalists during a
questioning period. “Why don't they say
something intelligent?“

“Sexism is a social disease." read a
button pinned to the pocket ofa woman‘s
blouse. She held a small. blond-haired
child in her arms.

“You don't like them ‘cause they‘re
kings rnd they‘re men. And beat ‘em up.
Where do kings sleep?“ the child said to
her mother.

A protester whispered to the mother
behind a cardboard sign that the child's
comments were being written down.

Later the child said. “Mommy. I see
those kings.“

What did you think of the beauty
pageant?

“I don‘t think this is a beauty pageant at
all. Why should they [the demonstrators]

insure proper use of test results by colleges and
universities. As Ralph Nader states. ETS
luxurtatcs III its creation of.  . . a new kind
of power: the power to define arid quantify
individual worth on a massive settle. artdtosee
its verdicts accepted by society and the
individual,“

Ii I'S has also benefited considerable from
its tax-exempt status. In |97J~74 this nort-
profit corporation tnadc a non-profit margin
of 4 rnlllion dollars. This money. generated
from student fees. was used to support It plush
MIG-acre estttte in Princeton. NJ. the home of
E'I'S‘ president. and a $3 million hotel-
conference center.

Financial issues. however. are tr'ancended
by the problems relating to test quality and

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

be making fun of girls withtalent'H heard-i .
alot of their comments. The comedians.
were uncouth. They had a right to be mad
at that." a spectator said.

“I think it's funny as hell. Just a lot of
fun for everybody. Gets school spirit up."
said Bruce Toppin.

“What did you think of the protestors‘ .
comments?" asked of the comedians.

“It wasludicrous. We were allowingthe
audience to see the humorous side ofthe
issue. The protesters were so busy looking
at the issue. My intent [duringthe comedy
act] was to demonstrate I really didn’t
know anything about women." said Steve
Bookbinder.

Some protesters remained outside the
ballroom after the contest ended.

“It was absurd. exploitive. It affects me
as an individual. I am here for awareness
because that‘s the ﬁrst step for change.
This was all for the pleasure of men.“ said
Robin Ritterman.

“The comedians said they were trying
to show they actually knew nothing about
women.“

“I think that was a rationale they used
when they realized what they were up
against.“ said Vice President of Student
Association. Kathy Baron. also a
demonstrator.

How do you feel new. Tova?

“I‘m nauseous.”

Tova began handing out colored leaves
to the few remaining people outside the
ballroom.

“I'mjust a peaceful person. I collected
them today because I liked them.“

 

M/MAIK SASS

ETS Fails

test validity. An IE ['5 booklet revealstliat a 72-
point difference between two students' scores
on the SAT math section (and on on the
verbal) is so statistically insignificant that "it
cannot be taken seriously." For the Law
Boards (LS/\ls). a difference of 07 points
cannot be considered seriosly. Schools.
however. often consider differences of 30
points or less to be highly significant when
determining admissions. Furthermore. the
coefficicrtt of predictive validity is at best .36
for the SAT and .45 for the LSAI (the
coefficient of predictive validity is a measure
of a test's ability to measure what it is
supposed to. in this case aptitude to well iti
school). Test expert and (‘ity College

continued on page by

PAGE 5A

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

smarts

.-..—_.,-:§v- -

 

 

