 

 

 

By LIZ Illl.|. ‘
’l his past Sunday the SUNYA art
gallery marked the opening of an
extraordinary exhibit celebrating the
vibrancy of the thousands of works of art

the Art (iallcry. the exhibition will run
until Nov. 27.

The paintings. sketches. and
watercolors seen in the exhibition display
the imaginative energy of their creator.
’l'he sketches are written pictures.
colorful. amusing. touching. They are
what drawings are all about. giving us
glimpses of the artist‘s mind at work.
Donald Cole. a fellow-artist and friend
of Mochon‘s has suggested that Mochon
achieved a radical rind utopian goal rarely
attained by artists the integration of his
art and his life. The celebration
illuminates the natural way in which
Mochon achieved that goal. Unlike most
artists. Don Mochon didn‘t speciali/c irt
one category of activity. btit made his art
a part nfcverything he did. This becomes
obvious' upon seeing the collection of
memos iind notes that Mochon sent out.
and into which he imparted his own
unique touch with a drawing. He
answered letters and accepted invitations
with a drawing. If he had guests to dinner
he would usually greet them with
illustrated menus.

He was continuously drawing and
painting. A long time friend and working
companion of Mochon‘s. Edward
Cowley. points out in his tribute to
Mochon in the celebration portfolio that
"often the only constructive outcome of

 

by Donald Mochon. former director of

 

a professor "

r-r-—. MN“ -""' I“ ,,
tfiilf'xfi‘qmmiol Bigf- ’d if“: {L-

10 ALT/won't"

 

 

 

[mt/15L i/yn “J14

 

 

 

faculty meetings would be the drawings
he made while we droned on.“

From his works, one can see that
besides being a careful observer. acutely
aware of his surroundings. Don Mochon
lelt connected with everything he saw. His
subject matter ranges from birds to
beasts. from llighty professors to militant
students. Every profession. every
illustrated poster upstairs pleads for
peace in big block letters and shows a man

K
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

\L

 

 

 

 

ear old hippie-H

pastime. every attitude, every faith. and
every folly is portrayed in caricatures.

(ieorge Rickey. another one of
Mochon‘s close friends. and designer of
the geometric metal mobile on the lawn
between the library and the social sciences
building. notes that Mochon had a keen
eye for "t he pretentions,thc appetites. t he
failings. and the unconscious absurdities
of his fellow men." 'I'hiit uniquely aware
and speculative eye enabled Mochon to
reveal the horrors of war. 1 he butnbling of
bureaucracy. and the lunacy in
technology.

As an artist ofthe fifties and sixties. the
time of Action Painting. Mochon
succeeded in capturing the spirit of the
academic society at the height of our
Vietnamese blunder. A brightly-

bound by thick wire to a cruciﬁx.
wriggling desperately to be free

Mochon caught the lighter side at
university life in the late sixties in hr.
watercolors of student protests. pttt’lles.
and other “extra-curricular" aeiiiiiies.
We are given the image of a stereotyped
student being compressed into tllltltltlllll\
by the university which. at llllles. fs
portrayed as a prison. ()ne watercolor
shows a crop of marijuana gri \\|llL’ tll l‘llt'
of the hanging. bowl—shaped Iaiiips [Ital
guide our way on the podium \ll
unaware security officer ts \llii\\ II {MissltlL'
by underneath. and i
chatter on in the background

Before coming to the St \t\ m
Galleryin I967. Mochon headcil lilt Rl’l
School of Architecture for seieial ieais.
As a talented and devoted aduiiiiistialoi
iind diplomat. he began his \L’L‘ttllti eareet
in the arts as director ol llti‘ iieiily-
constructed art gallery. iilieie lte
remained until his death last year

As an artist who was deeply eonselotls
of the technical demands of tltcltllt‘t‘lttl‘e.
he immediately beea me a \ital asset totlie
gallery. The gallery needed a number of
essential corrections. Mochon \ias .ihlelo
obtain an elevator in the floor so large
objects could be moved iii and out.
Bc 'ause of the number of “Unions III the
gallery. there is very little “all space it”
displays. To solve this problem Mochon
designed the free-standing. portable
panels on which his art is non displayed

l\\ii pinhma.

 

 

r

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

'i

the panels are unique in that they have
holes running through them in which
metal bars can lit. The bars protrude from
either end and can be easily attached to
another panel simply by sliding the bar
through the next panel. The bars serve as
a sturdy means of support as well as an
easy method of transport when panels
must be moved. Panels can be carried
easily by two people who take hold ofthe
bar as it sticks otit on either side. The NY
'l'imes was quick to notice Mochon's

panel design as being an ingenious
. solution in practical architecture.

Along with resolving the physical

i deficiencies of the gallery. during his
3: decade as director Mochon and his stall
i gtricthe l'ri~Cityareaa rare experienceiii

the visual arts by selecting a diycrse series
of exhibitions.

Moehon‘s lluid. expressive. graphic
artistry reflects the styles of earlier
abstractionists. His early works are
typified by subjects in a state of flux. and
fields of energy with scattered-

. spontaneous. insubstantial organic forms
3 like those of (iorky. Ile employed the

i brilliant.

colors of

high-keyed

i Kandinsky. Willi the use of a black

i

i

‘3

crayon. Mochon was able to enhance t hat
sense of cheap. fast-drying black house
enamel.

Rickey suggests that Mochon‘s iirt is
more expressionist than abstract. with a

leaning toward the (ierman expressionist
Max Beekmaiin. l)on Mochon‘s absurd
characters and the precarious situations
in which they are presented remind one of
the oils of Beekmann. sttch as
"Blindinaii‘s Blufl." which shows a
congloineration of different characters
engaged in a riitiltitiide of acti\ittes. like
Beckinaiiu. .‘vlochon was a master ofthe
use of black \\‘lll1L‘t)lt)l‘2llkcltlllt. Mochon
llyed iii the shadow of the ugly haffliiig
birds that frequent so many of his works.
lhc birds are especially prominent in
Mochon‘s series of drawings of
explosions. as they look on. crowing.

lhc thousands of Mochon works are
widely owned. lhis may be due partially
to the unusual manner in which Mochon
distrubtited his works to the public. His
annual output of hundreds of sketches.
watercolors. and paintings was sold for
the benefit of the RH architecture
department. and later for the SU NYA art
department and gallery. Mochon would
hold an annual “silent” auction which
would last only one hour.

After minimum bids were listed for
each work. potential buyers would then
have the opportunity to submit their
higher bids on the sheet accompanying
each drawing. With successive bidding
the offers for each drawing gradually
rose. but the final prices were still low
enough that buyers walked away with a
great bargain. Because of the low
minimum bids and the short length ofthe
auctions. prices were never allowed to
climb too high. The last biddertosubmit
the final increased bid on his or her
particular favorite before the etid of the
hour became the privileged buyer and
proud owner of a Mochon.

'lhosc Mochon lovers that eagerly

Photo of

Donald Mochon
at right

by Robert Wayne

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

anticipated his annual auctions, have
been anxiously awaiting the coming of
the celebration to the SUNYA gallery.
The admirers of the wise and witty sting
of Mochon‘s satirical work were out in
full force at the opening Sunday. An
"instant exhibition" took place reflecting
the spririt ofthe many Mochon auctions.
Owners of Mochon‘s works were asked to
bring a favorite. have it registered and
immediately hung and displayed for the
remainder of the exhibition. A wide
variety of illustrations flowed in steadily
throughout the afternoon. and the gallery
stalf continued to cover the panels with a
multitude of Mochons. One owner
showed up with his Mochon pinned to his
back. Beneath the drawing ofdishcvcled-
looking professor was the caption.
“You're not a professor you‘re a forty-
year old hippie." The man bearing his own
display wanted the observers tojudge for
themselves.

the crowd lingered on throughout the
afternoon examining and re-examining
the works. As a special celebration
surpriscjallman Nick Brigiiola added his
own unique tribute to his friend Mochon
by playing flute and clarinet with pianist
Frank Stagnitta accompanying him
throughout most of the afternoon.

The opening was reminiscent of the
energetic spontanacity and playful
creativity of t hat man who was so adept at
conveying those emotions and
impressions that a re ra rely
communicated \erbally. He was able to
do it in his own informal. natural way.
making that difficult and important
accomplishment seem easy. Artist l)on
Cole said that seeing Mochon's work
again reminded him of the enthusiasm.
honesty. and effort that went into
everything he did. Cole said that Mochon
was sincerely and unselfisth siippoi'tiie
of his fellow artists.

 

Regardless ol whether he was dealing
with the i'e\erent or the ridiculous.
through the uncommon directness of his
perception. every work succeeds in
illustrating some emotion shared. or at
least rccogni/ed by twentieth century
Americans.

By showing acti\ ities and issues in such
all extraordinary way. Don Mochon
made life a little more understandable
and bearable to us. Io make his point
perfectly clear. Mochon applied hard
pressure with his black crayon to his
illustrations. but never too hard to
olfeiid just hard enough to nudge us
into laughing iit ourselves.

 

 

ltie gallery is open from nine to live.
Monday through l‘i'iday. and frotn one
to live. Saturdays and Sundays. I‘hc
gallery stall would like to invite
handicapped students to take advantage
of their newly-installed doorbell.
comeniently placed for them at the main
entrance. lliese students will be escorted
int o the gallery.

 

 

 

NOVEMB 4. 1977

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE 5A

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

