 

   

  

 

   
    
   
  
   

   

 

 

« .. m JWJLCQVAWK';

  
 
  
  
 

column. but let, rt- std
ti" iong'is stil ,1; tie 0 V A
,ekward people}.- and-.the' field has
V g going, against ;it without two
strangely juxtaposed words adding to its
many woes. And. aside from that. science
liaion' is a publisher's category. like
gothic or novel, and many of the books
I‘ll be dealing with here were not released
as science fiction.- 4'

Floating .Woﬂds by. Cecelia Holland
(Knopf, I976: Pocket. I977) is one
example. Cecelia Holland is. quite well

 

  

same thing as a historical novelist. Her
first book. The Firedrake (Atheneum,
l966) was met with such praise for its
accuracy and . writing style that it is
astoundingthat her next book was able to
live up to the reputation. But it did. and so
did ten others. leading us to Floating
Worlds which should—but probably will
not—win the Nebula Award for Best
Novel in the science fiction ﬁeld for I977.
Pocket has done its part. The ﬂashy
silver-coated cover is designed to attract
your attnetion. the Harry, Bennett cover
art. is excellent. and 300,000 words for
Sl.95 is as good a buy as can be found in
any bookstore. In addition. the book is
clearly labeled science fiction in several
places. and has been the beneficiary of a
fairly ambitious ad. campaign in the
science ﬁction magazines. Holland has
done her part too. Nearly 500 science
fiction books are published ettch year.
according to Publisher‘s Weekly. who
should know. and if ten of those are
memorable it‘s often considered a
windfall year. Floating Worlds could
make ‘77 a windfall year all by itslef.
Plot synopses do justice only to the
most meager of books. so when l tell yotr
this one is concerned with a war between
Mars and the Styth Empire of Uranus
and Saturn. you shouldn't pay too close
attention. When I tell you that the Styth
second-in-command. Tanuojin. is one of
the most fearsome and realistic characters
ever created. yourjaded car will probably
disregard my words. When I tell you that
you will wince and laugh and flinch at the
appropriate places. you will shrug.

This is because the hard-core science
fiction reader seems to be immune to

  

 

1400 Central
Ave.,Albany 459-2115

 

 

known and well regarded (not always the -

How to fall in love with hobos
Luncheons

W. Design“ Hobo'l

Exotic Fare. Generous Cocktails.

Backgammon. . . All in a Careful-

! Conceived Club with Tastefull
pporntmenta

And Pulsotrng Music

. riting, having established over the
c. rse ofSO years up eferenee' for tricks
and gimmicks whic publishers have
blandly,(and of necessity) kow-towe‘d to;
and because‘the non-sf reader who might

    

» appreciate some of the brilliant writingin

this ﬁne book will note the two ominous

words posted on the spine, noting also

with a good deal of accuracy that good
stuff doesn’t come out of this field often
enough and pass Floating Worlds by.

Which would be a shame. Despite my

cynicism. let us wish Cecelia Holland and

Pocket Books all luck—because their
I -luck is ours.

William Goldman writes screenplays,
mostly. He did “Butch Cassidy and the
Sundance Kid." “All the President‘s
Men.“ “Marathon Man." and “A Bridge
Too Far." all of which are fine efforts
(Which is rare. because both screen and
television have a much poorer track
record even than much-maligned science
fiction). Harlan Ellison. who is extremely
convincing. recommended Goldman's
latest book. Magic. fora Nebula last year
when it appeared in hardcover from
Delacorte Press. Now Dell has it in paper.
and calls it "lie" on the spine. Which is
appropriate. because it‘s not science
fiction.

Or is it? I‘d like to claim it for science
fiction. but the dclinition has been so
beaten out of shape that while I can
probably do so. the act would be
meaningless. It‘s a murder book(readily
identifiable by the ominous steak knife on
the cover). and further the murderer is a
psychopath. and so far you may well be

 
  
   
  
 
  
 
  
   
  
    
 
  
 
    

    
     
 

To B. Dilloront

 
 
      
   
   
   
 

and It- Lunch-on
Hour- An too. the ASP.
 i. To submit
8 EM.

    
 

send it to the

     
   

 
  
       
    
  

 

 

 

 

Well, don’t lust stand
there and think about ltl

I 'Lct everyone else know about
rt. Write a letter to the editor of

it
publication. simply ty c it it
(double'spuccd. pleuspc) antll

Editorial Pages Editor
Albany Student 'l’ress
C 3

29
I400 Washington Ave.

Albany. New York l2222

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS"

 

 
 
  
  
 
   
  
     

a gross of similar tomes that hacked and
spurted and slopped their way across the
book racks this year. ‘ .

The difference is in charactertzatron, an
obscure term for a near-forgotten art that
has been supplanted by blood and gore
and satan and suchlike.

Corky is a stage magician who works
his way upfrom night clubstothe Johnny
Carson Show. never beds a woman more
than once. still loves his childhood
sweetheart. and has a good friend named
Fats who helps him joke and one-line his
way to fame and murder.

Who and what Fats is tells you more
about Corky than you might be
comfortable with. and the revelation will
knock you ﬂat on your butt when it
comes. Whether it is science fiction and so
worth a Nebula is moot. but it is certainly
worth your two clams.

No one argues against the observation
that Michael Bishop is a science fiction
writer. a fact that may one day cause him
woe. His latest , book is A little
Knowledge and it stands well with both

Floating Worlds and Magic, and will. if I

lucky. realize a fifth the sales of either.
Bishop has no rep outside of science
fiction. has written no screenplays. and
like most science fiction books. this one
will probably garner two or three reviews
world-wide and fade into undeserved
obscurity. Bishop, and Berkley] Putnam
(who published this in a fine hardcover
edition at $8.95) deserve better.

The scene is about a hundred years
from now. and the United States has

WRITERS '

ASPECTS
MEETING

Wednesday at 8:00

wondering what separates this book from»

 

 
 

broken apart from within. Atlantar one

of the main cultural and poWer centers of

the continent now,-and so when Earth

makes contact with the aliens from space.
the Cygnusians. a bunch of them
eventually wind up in a specially prepared
suite in the Hyatt Regency. Atlanta is
ruled by a conservative dictatorship
based on Christian revivalism. Standard
science fiction fare? What are the effects

' (on the book. and on yourthinking) when
the aliens convert to Christianity?

There is atrick or gimmick to please the
most hide-bound. pulp-encrusted science
fiction reactionary, and Bishop's writing
is so full. so poetic and his sense of ster so
precise and refined that the end result will
make you proud you had the good sense
to buy this book, even if no one buys
hardcovers anymore. (And it is a
beautiful package. Berklcy/ Putnam. with
an excellent cover by Dean Ellis that isa
pleasant departure from his past work.)
Read it quite slowly. that you can
appreciate its fullness. You don‘t wolf
down a Three Musketeers. do you‘.’
There's no point.

Watch A little Knowledge carefully.
There are two ways to judge a book's
popularity: sales. and reviews/ awards.
Advertising budgets pretty much dictate
sales (viz: Berkley‘s Children of Dunc).
and Bishop's books are not likely to
receive much promotion until he is better
established (this is his fourth book). but
we can hope. As for the second indicator.
here is one favorable review with thc wish
for more. and a blessing for much success
in I978, for the Hugo or Nebtrlrr.

 
 
 
 

  
 

Reviewers
Critics
Cartoonists
Columnists
Mystics
Romantics
and children
of all Ages

CC 329

   

   

 

 

Fall

Lowest price ever!

lst rump corrrsc Includes
rump,

Saturday a

* 0
letter lor

 

 

sanctioned

for all college students*

ﬁgmﬂwmeaeh (lroups of 10 or more

 
 
 
  

Monday - l‘lldll)’ - Iiy appointments 0an
lrntn rn morning - .ltrrnp that afternoon

* . .
20 minutes from campus on Rt. 20

*  campus instruction available
lrttnsportatron available

C/‘UbaﬂJ/‘cskydivr'ng Celltcf

l’ ll it”, I” C DUANIr‘HHHIET N'W TUl’K Lullth
456-7l38 456-786l '895-48l40

‘77 special

Sineg $35.00 each
'“””'m& all equipment. lll'ltl lst \lillIL hm

Classes:
nd Sundays - 10 AM. sharp

 

    
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

'Ntltirtm must “MIN 1 ll

SEPTEMBER 20, 1977

 

By JONATHAN HODGES
The pigeon jumped from the library roof
and slowly began its skyward climb. From the
moment it took to theair. one could sensethat
something was amiss.

lt wobbled. veering sharplytothe left. Fora
brief second the pigeon steadied itself. then
folded its wings together and plummetted to
the ground. its broken body ﬂoating in the still
waters of the fountain.

Over the last month. SUNYA has been
witness to the systematic slaughter of between
is and 20 members of its pigeon population. a
slaughter authorized by the Plant
Department. -
“We‘ve hired Abalene Pest Control Service
to drive away the birds." said Plant Director
Frank Kopf. “It was not our intention to kill
them.“ .
According to Kopf. corn is placed on top of
both the library and the PAC, prime roosting
spots of the pigeons. One out of every 30
kernels of corn is treated with poison.
“What's supposed to happen is that the
pigeons will eat the corn artdjust get kind of
'dr'ti'nk.“‘explaincd Kopf. “They should, when
they become sick and drunk. realize that the
University is not a healthy place and move
on.“

Kopf claims that the deaths have now
stopped. but bodies ol'dead birds could still be
found around the podium yesterday, with
one floating in the fountain and another
curled in a ball near the PAC.

Pigeons on the podium have become
somewhat of a lixture at SUNYA. Before
students ﬁrst entered these hallowed halls of
learning. photos show that the pigeons were
here. SUNY Construction Fund‘s chief
contractor of the l) & H Plaza Joe Howard.
when commenting on the architecture of
SUNYA remarked. “Durell Stone must be a
lover of pigeons."

Opinion among the students eoncerningthc
killings have been mixed.

"The plant department really should have
nolilicd us." srrid SA President Dave Gold. “1

 

 

SEPTEMBER 20, 1977

n

 

don't really give a shit though. They‘ve only The Classical Forum”

Remembering an Imperial

 

 

killed around l5. Food Service still has a
better ratio than that."

Gold's attigpde seems to be fairly prevalent
among members of SA. Former acting SA
Vice President Paul Feldman suggested that
one way to prevent further killings was to have
“the ASP write another witty editorial."
Among the more sensitive reactions to the

    

situation was issued by members of the Jewish
Student Coalition.

gang crime in and systematically murdered all
the swans’ and ducks with hatchets and knives.

form."

had been placed primarily nearthelibraryand
“There was a small pond in mytown.“ said the PAC. JSC Vice President Sue Weisfuse.
JSC President Lisa.Wesley." and one day a expressed her outrage.

' picking out the ones with the long beaks.
ere the pigeons.this is brutality at its grossest They're killing the intellectuals. the ones that
hang around the PAC."

When informed that the poisonous corn

“This is selective killing. they‘re only

 

Spring is here, ah. spring is here.
life is skittles and life is beer.
I think the loveliest time of the year

As we poison the pigeons in the park!

Pigeon Photographs
by Mary Ann Hovak

and Howie Jacobs

 

And Now For A Sober Look at the Issue

Is the spring. I do, don't you? ’Course you do!

But there's only one thing that makes spring complete for me.
And makes every Sunday a treat for me . . .

All the world seems in tune on a spring twemoon

When we're poisoning pigeons in the park!

Every Sunday you'll see my sweetheart and me

with thﬁ's‘e‘e us coming, the birdies all try and hide,
But 'therstill‘gofor peanuts nrllmbated with cyanide.
The sun's shining bright, everything seems all right
When we're poisoning pigeons in the park. lala, ladadadadoodede, doodoodoo . . .

We've gained notoriety and caused much anxiety

In the Audubon Society with our games,

I They call it r‘mpie/y and lack of proprier

And quite a variety ol'unplcasunt names!
But it '.r not against any religion
To want to dispose of a pigeon.

So ifsonredoy you're/"roe why don't you come with me

And we'll poison the pigeons in the park.
And maybe we‘ll do in a squirrel or two,

While we're poisoning pigeons in the park!

We'll murder them all amid laughter and tm'rrintenl.
[irt'cpt for the/cw we take home to experiment!

My pulse will lie quickenin' with each drop of .rrryu‘hnt'ne
We feed to a pigeon (It just takes a smidgin)

To poison a pigeon in the park!

 

 

Tom Lehrer

 

 

From 96 to Hit) Al). the Roman Empire
was governed by rt succession of five “good
emperors." all of whotn devoted themselves
diligently to the security of the empire and the
welfare of its people. The third of these was
Hadrrnn. a native of Spain. who reigned from
ll7lo13li A.D.

Among the many things for which Hadrian
is Well known is his attachment to a bcrrutiful
youth named Antinous. This Antinous came
from the province oi Bithynia in Asirr Minor;
llrrtlrirrn met him on one of his mrtnyjour'neys
and adopted him its his favorite. Whethcrthe
relationship between the emperor and his
favorite was rt carnal one. as many have
supposed. we cannot be certain.

In [30 Al). Hadrian and his court toured
ligypt rrrrd on Oct. 30 of that year Antinous
drr .»ncd tn the Nile Rrvcr between Memphis
and l‘hcbes. llrrdrian himself believed that it
was no accident; others. both to ancient times
and in modern days. have stlspcclcd that
jealous courlierrs designed the young man‘s
death or that he committed suicide.

What we know for certain is that the
emperor was ineonsolable and displayed his
grief in a manner that strikes us as rather
ostentatious and extravagant. A new star tn
the heavens was identified as the soul of
Antinous. and cults of the deiﬁed Antinous
sprang up in numerous places. At the site of
the accident. if it was an accident. Hadrian
founded a new city. called Antinoopolis. of
course. and granted it rt Greek constitution
and special privileges. Olympia and some
other (ircck cities issued commemorative
medallions in honor of Antinous. and at
Eletrsis a new festival. the Antinoeia. was
instituted.

Antinous' tomb. or possibly his cenotuph.
in Rome was marked by an Egyptian obelisk
nine meters high. lntlte course ofthe centuries
the obelisk has been moved several times.
Since |882 it has been stundingin the Pinch). a
splendid public prrrk. in the company of many
other monuments.

0n the emperor's orders. or at least to please
him. portrait busts or full-size statues of

ALBANY STUDENTREWSS ._

. . . . .... -- r

Favorite

Antinotrs were set up all overthe empire. and
many of them hau- survived. In the history of
on these are of consrdcrnble interest. as they
appear to be the last significant achievement
ol (ircck sculpture in the classical tradition.
Statues of Antinotrs are to be seen in_ the
British Museum. the Vatican Museum. and
the museums of Delphi. Olympia. and Eleusis.
The one at Elcusis shows Antinous as a
youthful Dionysus standing by the Delphic
oruphalos. the supposed cerucr of the earth.

the people of rrt least one city. namely
Leptis Magnn in North Africa. rntrst not have
fully shared the emperor‘s grief. They
managed to indulge his wishes without going
to too much expense. They had standing in
their public baths a statue of Apollo. easily
identiﬁed by the tripod. They simply tookthis
statue. cut away the face of Apollo. and
replaced it with the features of Antinous..
What Hrtdrirtn thought ofthis. if he ever knew
of it. or if Apollo felt offended we do not

 

know. It does seem. however. like prudent,
management of public funds.

PAGE“:

  
 
 
  
   
 
     
  
  

 
  
    
      
      
     
   
    
 
  
  
   
          
    
    

  

      
  
    
  
    

Q32" 3"?“ .n r: is a :r'v‘aw T‘. W- H V 

.4 .ﬁp-w’isrgn L;;N.+, A. r; 

y. 1.».  :Aszegﬁ'3-cwvw3: .. . .

 

5"“ . .

I
3951;. f ‘

     
       
    
        

   
 

