   

 
   
 
 
 

  

   

4.... sh.» -. r

 

‘ mﬁ:hv&..~rm_{-r.~nﬁW-rg

 

x: .W N. «$.rﬁ‘wV-o— ,1. .

a- ,L ..

 

Jiltecrortla

‘ curriculum and learning process at

  

‘»,,uiiiver'sitlea have had the function of stiﬂing

creativity. and failing to produce active.
thinking students. it gives students a passive
role in the learning process. one of sitting and
absorbing. rather than being aetivelyinvolved
in learning.

' This is epitomized in the lecture centers. It is
impossible for students to take an active role
in the learning proc s. in a class of 500. Not
only do the large numbers inhibit open
discussion. but the entire lecture center
atmosphere stilles this exchange. Thus. our
role in learning is confined to listening and
taking notes.

Education is becoming more and more a
mass production system. We are produced. in
mass. to fit the roles required in the world of
work. The lecture centers do not cause this
situation. liven in classrooms. where thcr ~ are
less students. the me mass production
rrtmosphere exists. quite often. At any rate.
students are still resigned to accept it passive
role iii the learning process. This. in turn.
stilles creativity. and drills thinking and
discussion. Having no control over
curriculum. students are further alienated
from their education. Obviously. creative
thinking is not included among the goals of
education.

Knowledge has become compartmentalized
and fragmented. Rather than viewing an
aspect of knowledge as an interrelationship of
many things. or vietving it as whole.
knowledge is fragmented and specialized. first
into departments. and then within each
department. into specific topics (courses).

For example. the concept of agingis studied
in “Sociology of Aging." from a sociological
viewpoint. lt ignores the political.
psychological. and economic aspects involved
in aging. Thus. this concept has become so
fragmented that it is impossible for a student
to gain a true pictttre of aging.

By compartmentalizing knowledge into

 

 

 iandwh'ir?

 

academic departments. hapecta of knowledge

are fragmented so that a student pins only a‘
specialized view of a concept. rather than
understanding the concept as a whole.

Within each of the academic departments.
individual courses further fragment and
specialize concepts by “pigeonholing” them
into specialized topics Again. a total
understanding of concepts is not achieved. As
a result. students are not given the opportunity
to learn the relationship between all segments
of education. nor are we provided the
opportunity to creatively assess them.

The curriculum functions to give students
just enough fragmented knowledge. sothat we
can be trained for a specific job. That is not
education. We aren't given a total picture of
concepts. because it isn‘t necessary to fit into
work roles. This form of education and
curricultrm did not develop in a vacuum. One
lriis only to look at jobs and work.

.lobs possess the same characteristics of
fragmentation and specialization as
education. Il‘hey are basically mundane.
boring and specialized. .lob tasks are
becoming more and more fragmented. not
only in industry. but in offices. engineering.
and scientific institutions. Employees rarely
are given a total understanding ofthc type of
work they are involved in.

liaelt employee is specialized in a specific
task. this preventing him/her to understand
interrelationships. The educational system
doesn‘t produce this type of job system. but
they develop together. as the educational
system reflects it.

As long as this type of curriculum and
education exists. the universities will continue
to produce not thinking. creative students. but
people merely with the abilityto betraincd for
a job. An important issue is. if students and
factilty controlled the university. rather than
tlr ' administrators. would they stiﬂe their otvn
creativity. andthinking. ororganizeeducation
to meet the needs of a thinking. creative
student‘.’

 

 

 

 

L

I. F El FF E R
a 5 9%"0///r gas %\ ens
git)“ ME \ sexy tF

 ACT As ﬂame

 

 

 

'j .. psych

10 the fulfill: I g
V This letter feonce‘rns the (iuest tlpiniorr oi
l=riduy. Sept. Ml. entitled “llie Shocking
'lrutb," Psychological research arid testing
raises issues of serious consequence ubielr
warrant the trttention tll your readers

It is the role of the media to protrdc taets
relevant in this regard. lllt.‘ article cited
distorts the sulgect into an apparent "rocker t.
It is ill best a poor attempt at humor and at
worst ll demonstration of material that has no
place in pritr'irahsnr.

Richard llerrars

advisement
annoyance

'lo the l-.ditor:

As a student at SUNYA. I do nottlnnk it is
unreasonable for rue to expect guidattce as
part of my educaltort. | ttlll referring to the
deplorable academic advisement procedure at
this university.

As an incoming freshman back In the
summer ol ‘75. l was given an adtisor in the
University College during my orientation. She
uas a young graduate student and lieu at the
job. I had not taken any calculus in High
School and when I told her I might be
interested in an introductory Math course to
maintain sortie type of Math background slit.-
ltigltly recommended (‘aleultrs ll.‘ because
that was the "ct sy" rtnrtlr.

When lcaine L to start school at tlteertd
ol August she was no longer here. \I_\ rtctt
advisor \'as not rurtclr better and she tell in
December. I was tliert grten a lernporart
adtisor tor the rest ol the year. In April ol nit
li'csltman year I was told ol'the adtantagcs nt
declaring my major and getting an adtisor lll
my department. I promptly declared on
major. It is unfair and impractical to e\pcct
prolcssors (who were hired to teach). ulrn
hate to worry about getting published. to put
in the proper amount of time needed to he a
good advisor. When I came hack this year. I
lound out that my tidyisor was on a sabbatical
and gone lor the ycrrr. .\ot only that. bill. I

 

cannot choose a teacher who is familiar with
me u my replacement advisor. I now have mt
fifth adviser in live semesters. ' '
Academic advisement ll an important mm
of the 'prooeaa here. The university should
implement an adequate system here. It‘s about
time they started providing necessary services
to the people who pay their salaries thi-

students!
Bruce l’lasen

    

toward
unionization

To the Edtor:

Many students on campus have heard of the
Student Unionizing Movement and a
significant number have come to their
meetings. 'l'hese interest meetings stressed t he
importance of student unity toward aeheiwng
many needed on campus changes. Ihc
response of those students in ttltendcnce was
favorable to those issues discussed. However,
many significant facts were understated and
are important totvnrd the formation of a
Sttident Union.

There are over l4.000 students attending
SUNYA. most of whom fail to believe that a
Student Union could accomplish their long
and or short term goals. these same st udenrs
also fail to realize that the school is ltere to
serve tltcm and not the other way around.
Should the student body unify and demand
certain rights. they would be negotiated with
the administration. Presently. students hatc
little real power in university policy-making.
yet they are the basis for which policres iIlL‘
made. As union nrernbers. each student \totllil
be entitled to vote and play an actrve t'ole Ill
nniori and university affairs. Since there is
ptl\\t.‘l' or number. 'ilCli vote would syntholt/t'
the strength of unity and what needs are to ht'

rnct.

“""i‘s’ih‘iié’iir Unioni/ation is a state wrdc eltort
with meetings being held on other SUNY
campuses across New York. l'he Student
Association ol the State University. irsttrdcnt
run organization. is responsible for the
introduction and education of people tonard
unionr/ation. SASll keeps in close contact
\\ith all the campuses involved in Student
llnroni/ation as well as tiny legi' ation and
decisions that involve SUNY campuses or
students.

SASII coordinators on SUNY campuses
are trying to unite the student unions on all
campuses irtto one strong union uorkrng
toward achieving many long term goals. An

 

 

 

 

HIM-m amterr

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    

  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  

two [i]

 

'll'lfl

 

 

lNFLATED »
SPIRITS:

The Fourth Annual
Hot Air Balloon Festival

 

 

 

 

   
      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

