{TOM'WIISTIR '  a; 
Sometimes when defeat sp ‘ are to be inevitable,
 lie”; Then; develop, your play-"as" though; this
:hypotheticalisituation actually existed. ltthegods' are
kind on thisv‘day. youimay make‘this contract; ‘once
‘ ithouglitto be impossible. Consider declarer's play of
“the diagrammed deal. .
- f - A review of tho bidding shows that the game was Well
‘bid, North using the Stayman Convention after
"South's opening bid on one no:trump. TWo clubs is an
artificial bid which asks the opening bidderto show a
; four card major suit if he has one. South duly bid two
hearts and North raised to four.
West led the king of spades and then a low one to
partner‘s ace. East then'switched to the queen of
diamonds. won by declarer'saee. South then cashed
the ace and king of trumps which revealed a loser in
that suit. In addition to these three losers, another
appeared unavoidable in the diamond suit. Four losers
would set the contract'and would make this Writer look .
foolish unless he could thinkrof a situation where this
loss could be avoided. -  i ' -
The situation was indeed bad; but not beyond hope.
Declarer saw that he might have a chance if he could
find West (who has the heart queen) with, at most, a
doubleton diamond. Armed‘with this idea, declarer
then proceeded to lay the groundwork for thLlilay
which Would cater to this hypothetical situationi
Purposer leaving West‘s last trump outstanding,
'South switched his attention to the side suits. He

Record Prices Soar
LP’s” Now 37. 98

By ELLEN WEISS

Somewhere. back in the days of Woodstock. a
performer commented in an interview that rock
albums should be distributed free as one of the basic
necessities of life. Ironically. that same performer in
the 70‘s is probably contributing to the rising-price of
record albums by asking for higher royalties.

For those of you that may” not have heard. you will
soon be paying a dollar more per album than you did
. last year. As it stands now, selected albums are already
selling for the $7.98 list price; however, most of the
larger distributors agree that within six months all new
releases will be sold at the higher price.

Since most of us buy records at one time or another,
I have done a little investigating to try to find out why
we are gningto be paying more. The standard publicity
line that the record companies are handing out is
“increased production costs" and "increased royalties"
asked! for by the artist. Interestingly enough however,
the prices of 8 track and cassette tapes are not going up,
making records and tapes of equal price. One'person
that I spoke to suggested that this is being done to
boost tape sales and to reduce the cost of bookkeeping
at two different prices.

If the record companies expected the price boost to
be passively accepted. they were wrong, although the
resistance has not been as strong as some peoplewould
like.

Out on the West Coast, there are two record chains
boycotting the new Queen and the David Bowie
albums and there are several large stores posting signs
urging patrons not to buy‘these albums and to call up
the record companies to air their gripes.

Closer to home, three local record stores were
contacted and asked ifthe new albums were selling as
Well as would normally be expected. considering the
popularity of the artists. Both Midland Records and
Record Town said that the Queen album is definitely
not selling as well as it normally would have, while
Justh-Song said that the album is selling reasonably
well. Although this is by no means conclusive evidence,
it is indicative that record buyers are not parting with
their money as easily as the record companies believed

Lille] would. '

 

manna“ ‘

  ~' - 1- > a.  _ .. ,
 oneshoiildjtry to think of aesituation or distribution .,
’ "everu' iltely) that would permit the contract to 3

 

 

 

 

» tampon. last Spade; in duomy. cashea three'club w
wanders. pitching a diamond from his hand,‘andvr;.-

cashed ~‘the king of diamonds. The stage was set.
Declarer now gave west his heart trick and the postion
with West on lead was: ' ‘ ‘ ' ' "

NORTH .

7 EAST
- . 9
. -
.9 J10
. it '
SOUTH

5
7

' Whichever black card West led would give declarer his

contract because South could pitch a diamond in
dummy while trumpingin his hand. Dummy’s trump
would be the fuliilling trick.‘

There is a name given to the series of plays executed
by declarer. The technical name is the strip and throw-
in play, often shortened to throw-in play. Declarer

' stripped himself and dummy of their black cards and;

West of his diamonds. West was then thrown in with

'/” /”t "i
not  w!
h I! if  / l

Also interesting to consider is ths effect that the
increased price will have on the quantity and quality of
the music we will be listening to in the future.
Obviously. the days of buying an album because you
heard one or two cuts from it are almost over. While
this is not much of a problem for big, established
artists, it is a big problem for lesser known artists who
are trying to break into the field. It has always been
difficult for new talent to break in and it gets harder
every year; thus, the quantity of new material will

 

e195:
(3
9,0J'109'
£10973

QJTJ" " ‘

feltx'rs
VAST!
oKJ '

The Bidding

NORTH EAST SOUTH .

- a . 4 ' 1no-trump
2 clubs pass 3 hearts

4 hearts pm ' pl“

Dealer: South
Vui: North-South -

opening lead: kind of spades

 

 

 

his heart trick, at which point he was endplayed. What-
ever West led would give declarer a trick that couldn‘t
have been gotten if he were not on lead at that moment.
Endplay situations are not uncommon, but they rarely
come about by accident. It takes an alert declarer to
identify a possible opport‘unity and make the necessary
arrangements to bring the play about.

Last week‘s turnout for Monday Night Bridge was
great! The game will meet again on Monday from 7
pm. to l0 pm. in CC 375. Beginners lessons start at 6
pm. All are Welcome! For more information call Tom
at 7-7953 or Larry Cohen at 7-40l4.

decrease still further. ,1

Worse still is the fact that this move by the record
companies is furthering the trend of pricing rock music
out of the lower and-middle classes where it all started.
We have been paying $8 to $9'for concert tickets for
two to three years and now we are beingasked to pay a
dollar more for records. of course, we do not have to
go to concerts or buy records. The reason for such
indifference in the .past was simply lack of interest;
today unfortunately. it is lack of funds.

 

All Those Interested in .Writing for Arts
and Features Must Attend. a Meeting
This Sunday at 7:30 in CC 329

For More Information Contact

V Marc Arkind
.Jon Penn or- Dorothy Zelin

 

 

 

mm mum mes

rainstorm? 11. 197

 

 

l

I l

a i
:1 ’ ‘s: i" .

By LINDA FRIED , . . .  'v

I ' “Will you stretch my leg?” “Hey! You got a belt?" By

‘6250 Sunday night, over a dozen white figures, with

yellow, red and green belts, were gathered in the Dutch

Quad U-Iounge, stretching, kicking, joking, exercising,

, one hitting random chords one piano—the only article
'of furniture in the room; ’ ‘ . ‘

“Don't you feel funny doing that in the middle of
everyone like that?" asked one of the fortymdd
onlookers seated across the red rug and on radiators
against the windows. “No I likegitl”

That attitude was clearly visible'among the‘ members
of the' Tae Kwon Do karate club. The club, open‘to all
SUNYA students, ordinarily meets 7:00 Sunday and
Wednesday nights1 (81l5 for beginners) in the third
floor wrestling room of the gym. “It‘s a good feeling,"
said instructor Rich Angrist, “Karate releases so much
tension." Angrist, a second degree black belt, started
the introductory meeting with a talk “to whet your
appetite for karate.“

The first reason he gave for learning karate was self-
defense. “It gives you so much confidence. You know if
something comes up you can defend yourself.”

“The thing about karate that‘s good," Angrist
continued, "is you learn that you can walk away from a
fight.“

His second reason was to be in shape, stressing that
physical fitness promotes mental ﬁtness. “It keeps your
mind open.“ He added, “If you think you’re
uncoordinated, spastic, and clumsy, it helps you out.“

“Sometimes people are a bit apprehensive," Angrist
observed. “I can understand that. So the way I like to
run things is to just ask people to try it out."

“There is a fee for the course—$25 per semester.“
Angrist reminded his listeners. “At karate school it‘s
usually at least $30 per month." He went on to point
out that Hyun Shin. one of the few eight degree Tae
Kwon Do black belts and Angrist's teacher, tests the
clubs‘ members at the end of each semester for

. promotion.

Quad Judicial Boards: ‘
Ho'w Do They Work?

By ELLIOT SCHER
Throughout civilization, maintaining law and order
has always been a primary concern of mankind. in the
beginning, I imagine it was probably considered taboo
for Grog to steal meat from the cave of his friend,
Kronk. Later on, during the eye for an eye period, a
person caught lying would have his tongue cut out, and

' one found guilty of murder was himself, immediately
' killed.

Today, things have changed. Gone are the days of
immediate retribution and half—hearted decisions.
Now, a person accused of a crime is simply placed on

Editor’s ntllt’.‘ First in userius rm Quad Judicial Boards.
.

wong
Henry Klrschner, Assistant Dean at Student
Allalra; all cases are subject to his review.

 

 

FEBRUARY inter?

,.u.t ,....

     

fat

univmllv M service   ‘

Rich Angrist, blackbelt, and Instructor at Tee-Kwon' Do. pulling the “ol' side kick trick.”

Shin will also be in Albany in April when SUNYA
hosts Cornell. Queens College, and various other
schools in an intercollegiate karate tournament.
Angrist mentioned that in a previous tournament in
New York City, the three SUNYA students entered
came in first. second and third in form.

“0K, people! Let's go! Line up!“ he barks, and the
slow informal feeling‘is gone. Angrist feels that respect
for the instructor is an integral part of learning.

Ahgrist performs a dance-like movement. then
shouts, “Kyup!” At this, the twenty-ﬁve white figures,
mostly men, but also six or seven women,
simultaneously imitate him, some grunting, “Kyup!” in
response.

The procedure continues, with stepping, kicking,
quick graceful movements, punctuated with cries of
“Kyup!” and brief commands. Each participant moves
backwards and forwards over an approximately eight
foot stretch. Sometimes a leg will kick inches over the
head of a startled spectator.

“Kyupl” No response from the group. The informal
Angrist returns, smiles, and apologizes, “Oh, I didn't
teach you that one!" He repeats the movements, and
asks if there are any questions.

“No sirl" The class unanimously answered.

that long conveyor belt beginning with the arrest and
ending with the verdict. Many say We have made
considerableprogress. l have my doubts.

Here at SUNYA, as in any other community, we
have conformed to the rules and have devised our own
system ofcheeks and balances. As with the others, it is
more complex than it seems on the surface, and while it
has been designed efficiently it does, like all the others,
have its loopholes.

in this series of articles, I will focus my attention on
one integral part of that system, the quad judicial
boards. I will describe them in detail, tear them open,
and very cautiously, attempt to see how, and if they
really work. ‘

The judicial system at SUNYA is centered,
primarily, around four main organizations, the Quad
Judicial Committees (QJC), the University Student
Judicial Committee (USJC), the Committee on
Student Conduct and the Residence Review Board.
QJC, as stated in Student Guidelines 1976-77, deals
with “violations of university regulations which occur
within the area of the residence quadrangle." The
others area concerned with violations outside of the
quads, violations with graduate students and
violations involving the residence contract.

Each of the five quads (remember Alumni!) has its
own Quad Judicial Committee with its own Quad
Judicial Committee advisor. The advisor is a full time
residence staff member whose function varies from
quad to quad (the element of policy and procedural
variation among the quads leads to many interesting
questions. It shall bereferred to repeatedly inthis both
series). The QJC itself consists of twelve to fourteen
quad residents selected for a term of one year. At least a
majority of the total members (not including
alternates) must be present at each case for a hearing to
take place. ,

New members are usually chosen in late spring or

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS u

m Ml‘u"r .. H-s v A... i...

i

At 8:00 Angrist demonstrates technique—the '-

stylized steps that make karate resemble a dance. The
onlookers applaud appreciatively.

“And now maybe I'll break a little something," he
says. On his left a slab of concrete is placed on No
concrete blocks. Seven students hold three squares of
pinewood on his right. He tests the distance between
the objects with his right arm and left leg, then pauses .
to prepare.

“Kyupl” The heavy silence is split, and so are the
concrete slab and pine squares. A dazed audience
recovers. then applauds.

Before the group dispersed,-Angrist briefly discussed
various karate styles and those of similar marshal arts.

"Frankly," he remarked in reference to the accented
footwork of Tae Kwon Do, “I think karate has an
overwhelming advantage: you can cover so much
ground with your feet." ,

Most of the spectators and participants are leaving
now. the latter flushed, perspiring, and smiling.
Interested prospective karate students surround Rich
Angrist. One of the remaining white figures holds up a-
pine square.

“Can I break this, Rich?" Rich smiles and shrugs,
“Yeah, if you want."

 

I I
 
iffy ' .

Jib

' I

e I [he

. I r
't’I’I’ ”
’1'?” Ir

 

 

 

early fall and take office at the beginning of each
academic year. To be eligible. one must simply file an
application. Everyone who applies is interviewed.

The interviews themselves are done by different
people, again varying among the quads. Quad Board
members, current QJC members and the QJC advisor
are, most typically, the main people involved. The
applicants are interviewed, theoretically, for
leadership qualities, objective ability, opeuess, and
maturity, among other things. At the end‘of all the
interviews, the people involved make their
recommendations to the Quad Boards, which put them
to a vote.

In most cases, a little under one half of the total
amount of judgeship seats available will be chosen by
this process. The rest are filled by returning members
of the QJC.

more as" I  i

.- us uni-o a. 3e

. ox -- e- .. we ~5"~s.g;%. a.“

 

 

.1

Jae.

~

some»

- e... Add”..- an“..-

 

