  
 
   
    
   
   

  
   
    

,w: .

     

inuﬁwm-aunio

 

  

 

 

 

   
 
 

 

p sit rel schemes six
out” add Gallup. “‘l'hr'c'e

    

_ .tl university
pr ues‘ttor I think". ‘
"operable-harm has been done
I the research efforts of, the
'ychology Department itnd ot‘thc
,Qol.‘.fillld 'l’edcschi. "We can't
e gr come back to the siiuuiion-‘we‘
\ -r ‘tt before."
. is actual experiments citcd 
lllk“,ni:plll‘lll‘lt:ll| of Health press
release wcre “Pt-'50 f..\l. ‘ Soc.
Comp. "l." “I’I-‘Sl l‘.\tllllt|lltlll of

'Fatso F

 

 

Wedn

 

Beer

Friday &

9-“)

Proper ’t‘
Attire
Please Rt. l55

 

255 New Karncr Rd. (Rt. l55)
Albany. N..Y. I220!) 456-33“

‘ Tuesday

$.50 Drinks

ladies Nita
V2 Price Drinks

Thursday
Free Beer from 9 - 3 a.m.

Fafso’s Good Time Happy Hours
Beer -$.15 Cocktails - $.25

     
   

 

. Perception. ii _ rattan: Ritu‘; ,,
' ‘fPflei 'Selfkl’erception and Social
inﬂuence: “Pris'l‘ Forbidden'foy“

 

and “World of Perceiving" project. '

‘l‘cdcschi staid that thc‘l’sychology
. Department had. on or; ‘ .used

 

:
.5

 

 

" elementary school chil rcn for its
“ 

experiments. These experiments
"did not involve shock and were not
painful." he said. “All we didwas

' . have them play tvith toys.“ However.
the dismissed griiduatc student may
have performed experiments at a
local elementary schtiol. I’.S. 24.
after he had been ordered to
discontinue research.

'l‘i-rli-schi also sttid that many
parents of school age children win
only see what is printed iiithc papers
and associate shock research with
experiments int'ofving‘ihcir

ogarty’s ‘

 

 

esdoy

 

Nife

 

Saturday

p. m.

  
 

Wash Ave. Elil

Fuller Rd.

9
.

 

 

 

mances are all sup
terribly convincing

in the future."

Marvin

Susan lyrrel

UA Confer I.)

leer of Macy's
Colonic

K 45,-2l70

 

 

. "I FEMALE 'flllllllll'S liﬂ.’
***

A beautifully acted tilm...tne perfor-

Quintan's performance as Deborah truly
illuminates the whole film. She is so

demanding role that there is little daubt
that we will be seeing a great deal of her

—l(atn|een Carroll. New York Daily News

Roger Corman presents

Bibi Andersson ~ltafhleen Quinlan -Sylvia Sidney
Martino Bartlett -lorraine Gary ~Signe Hasso

hmlin rrmuiloger Corman 8: Daniel H. Blatt

visa-m syldgar l. Schericli It Terence i. Deane

5‘er by Gavin lamberf and lewis lohn Carlino
laced no I novel by Hannah Green - Directed by Anthony 'age

Slam VOMC IIO

vxi
erb. Kathleen

in this impossibly

“if

I'Diane Varsi

 

Miriiawli Moll

Ioiltown load
Schenectady
. ' 9 '

 

 

  

‘Tcdeschi expressed concern that'the

current sitution will lbrcevdoctoralg
’candidtitcs__to remain at SUNYA '-

 

longer than expected. a requirement
which most cannot afford and will
have an advcrsc impact on graduate
students in otfier disciplines.

All psychological testing dealing
with human subjects mttst meet
standards set by eitherthe New York
State Public Health Law. or HEW‘s
Code of Federal Regulations. il‘hesc
regulations require that human
subjects used for research give their
written consent previous to the
testing and that they by fully
informed of' the nature of' the
experiments. The researcher must
also warn the subject of any
discomfort of pain which could
reasonably be cxpcctcd'during its
course. SUNYA was also accused of
preparing to organize a human
t'cs‘ttt’clt rcticw committcc witltottt
obtaining tltc necessary nppt'oyal of
the Health Department.

According to (itilltlp there has
been njurisdictioniil dispute between
the State Health Department and
SUNYA pcrtnitttng to tltc
Psychology Department's
ituplcn‘tcntntton of its owtt Ethics
and Rcucw Committee. l'his
committee dcttls with psychological
cxpcrimcnts and projects not ltiiidcd
by l‘ctlct‘ill grunts.

lhc llcnlth llcpnrttncnt‘s
complaint is that Ilti.‘ conttttitlt'i.‘
consists solely of psychology
professors and not persons with
varied backgrounds so as to insure a
competent. complete and
professional review of human
research activities.

This violates Section 2444 of Act
24-A. although (inllup said that he
felt the contmittce was in compliance
with both State and Federal
regulations.

According to lcdcscln occkly
group meetings iirc ltcld with all
cxpcrintcntci's. llc claims that It was
"not at all possiblc" for an
cypcrimcrttci to fail to inform his
subtccts of the nature of tltc
experiments and of tltc risks
tmoltcd. :\|l cspcrimcnters tttttsl
mcmori/c all matcrtaf intoltcd in
tltc c\pcrintcnt to be conducted.
"line by lrnc. lltt.‘ c\nct procedures to
follotv. tltc CVICI \tords to say."
(inllttp sntd. "l’l'tllll no“ on. all
research protects \\Ill hc sponsored
and ict ictycil hy tltc Stittcor' l'L‘tlL‘l'ill
lctcl "

\Icc l’tcsidcttt for l ltl\t,‘l'\ll)
All-Ills lt‘\\f\ \\ clch \illll lllifl “tltc
administration‘s ohtcctnc f\ to tench
nn .igiccmcnt \\llll tltc llcnltlt
l’k‘PiflllllL'lll on tltc rcqttncntcttts of
lltllllilll suluccl tcscdtch .itid to bring
all of otir Pl'tiL’L‘tllflC\
.tppiopimtc conformity, \\‘c \lltll'f.‘
llL'dlllt

tltltt

lltL‘ L‘iIItt‘L‘Itl til lltt‘
llcpdrttncnt "

\ spithk‘slllilll from tltc Static
lienlth l)cpat'ttttcltl sitttl flint the
Oct. 7 hearing “Ill be licltl ltt tltc
Conlcicnt'c Room oti tltc I‘ltlt floor
of the State lowct lltttltlttig.

Review Process

ion/inm'ilfroni [mgr um'

lll l‘l74. thc pi'ogintti tcccttcil tI
"ptoyistottnl cortttnttnttcc" by tltc
SI l). \llpflltlllllll Iltnt it he tctieocd
again in three years. 0‘l.cnry said.
'lhc currcttt rcticw by the Rating
Committee marks llti: cnd of that
three year PCI'Itltl.

lhc Sl'l) ctalttafton of tlic stntc's
doctoral programs sternrnctf from .i
rcporl Ill lWZ by tltc l‘lcnnng
("oinnnssion on Meeting tltc \ccds
of Doctoral lducntioti Ill New York

continued on page -l'l'l’t'll

    
  
    
  
 
  

  
    
 

Vance Testifies Before Committee on Canal Pact
WASHINGTth ( Al’) Secretary of State Cyrus R. Vance. hopingto prove
to a doubtful Senate the tvisdom of‘the Panama Canal treaty. stiid today the
pact creates “a partnership under which our [W0 countries can join in the

 
   
   
   
   
 
 

  
 

pcaccl'ul iind efficient operation of the canal."

Testifying before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. Vance said the
treat y proves “once and for all the falsity of the tired charges that tvc are an
iuipcriafistic exploitcr bent only on extracting Latin American raw materials

and using the continent for ottr otvrt ccoitomic interest."

Since President Carter signed thetrcttty Sept. 7. there how been repeated
lion would be unable to obtain the two-thirds

 

forecasts that tltc administ
totc needed for Senate ratification.

Senate to Work on Gas Price Controls

\\ ASIIIM'TON (Al’l lhc Senate is expected to spend much of this week
' ‘uc of continuing federal price controls on

 

trying to resolve tltc volttttlc

natural gas. 'l he Carter administration wants to regulate the price of newly

produced natural gas. bill o si .tblc clement irt Congress is lighting for

rcmotnf oi tltc controls.

Troops Pull Back From southern Lebanon

border.
Lebanese governments and

IBEIRU'I'. Lebanon (AP) A cease-lire was taking hold in the southern
Lebanese war as Israel began pulling its armed forces back across the
’nlcstininn guerrilla lcadcr Ynsir Arnfnt. \viis
tentative. and nsmall radical gucrilln group rejected it. Bill lsrticlt spokesman

said the cease—fire had been fully approved and taken effect.

The lsrncli Defense Mimistry in Tel Avivsaid thctrucc agreement Cttllcdloi'

withdrawal of thc l’itlastinitin gucrillas from positions north of the border
from which they could slicll towns and settlements tit northern lsrttcl.

U.S. Trade Deficit Increases
“ASIIIMQ'IUN (Al’l American businesses sold lctvcr products abroad
during Attgttsl' than at any titttc iIt tltc fast In months ns tltc nntiorfs lrntlc

dcflcu gt'cty to $2.7 billion. stud tltc Commerce Department.

lltc trade deficit was tltc [Silt til it rot) and tltc sccottd lnrgcst to history,
7 if billtoti (illicit lll .lttttc. American c\pot‘ts totnlctl

    

surpassed only by the ..

591i billion. n sharp decline ll'tllfl‘lll’t.‘ Still billion a month bcfotc. and \\'t|s

thc stitnflcst illlltlllfll since :i 59.4 billion in exports itt April NW».
A trade deficit means more dollars nrc leaving thc country to pny tor

forciin goods tltnit tltc United States is earning frorn snlcs of Its goods
abroad. It means a loss ol purchasing power to Americans and can result lit

rctlnccd cinploytncttt and production at home.

Legionnaire‘s Disease Reported in Vermont

MONTPEIJER. Vt. (Al') lltc U.S. Center for Disease Control lk‘gtlitlL'sls
in Burlington today to in\csttgatc wltnf olliCinls tcrm an outbreak of
l.cgtottnnit'c's tltscnscntlhc Mctlicnl Ccntcr Hospital of Vermont. ()lfictnls .it
the Burlington hospital said Sunday tltcy hcltcycthct'chanc been at least four
crises of tltc disease at tltc Medical Ccttlct sincc mid—August. “\\ c h;i\c iron

pretty much solidly confirmed four cns

 

said Dr. ('ltttt'lcs ‘\l.f|l l’lltlll|t\.

licntl of tltc hospital's inlcctionsdiscnscdiyistott. " I his constitutes cnough of
a clustering of cases to warrant on tn-tlcpth Ill\C\Ilg:llltlll of tlic \thol.

\llllillltlll."

Four Dead in South African Riots
hl\(.‘ \\ ll.l.|AI\l‘S It)“ N. South AfricntAl’l lhc death toll rose to tour
today Ill rcdt'inl tttcitlctits tll South '\lt|f.‘2l follotttng Sunday's L'llltllftlll.tl

lllnL‘l‘tIl of black lctidcr Slcvc Biko. His death two wccks ago while in poltcc
dctcnlion has I arsed itcu black unttgotci nntcnt protest. llic lntcst death \\.I\
that of it black youth slioi by police when they fired on rioters in this small
tonn ticni‘ tltc cttslcrn ('npc coast \tltcrc Biko was buried hcfoic Zitttlltl
tnotuucts otct' tltc \lL‘L‘hL‘lltl. lénrltcr a black than has killed when polttc
tn\csttgntctl nllcgctl tcrrot'tst nctttiucs ill Soweto. tltc big black Itt\\|t~lttt‘
oittsttlc Johannesburg. and too hldck poltccntcn ttci‘c .itoncd to tlc‘dtli

Sunday \\llL‘ll lltllllL'Ctlllllllg llltllllllL'h \\t.'lll Hit it I’illllpflgL'

Maddox in Critical Condition

.\'l’l.Al\'l‘A (Al’l lot'tttcr (icorgta (lot. lcsfcr Maddox \\.t\ [Cpllllt'tl .Ir
critical condition after suffering a heart attack while \torking Ill his front
yard. Madilm. hf. tins :itltntttcd Sunday to tltc llllCIt\I\t.' chc tirnt of
Marietta. (iil.. llospitnl north of Atlanttt. “He's alert and ttrtcttfcd.
talking to pcoplc." \illLl n hospital spokeswoman. An ntnbulnncc \tns cttllt'tl
nlfci Mntfdm complained tltc pain has so se\crc “He couldn't stand ll .lll\
more." sttld his title. Virginia. .Mnildos tins gotcrncr from Won-70 «Hui

ltcutcnntit gotcrncr front I‘l7I-74.

L.A. Chosen as Olympic Site

(0|.(lllAlNl SPRINGS. ('ulu. (Al’l

llie United States

( """“”l""" “WW” I‘“ A"tlcles its choice as host of flu: I9X4 Sunnncr

()Iinyptc (mines. lltc one of the USOC board was 55-59 Ill linor of | to
“\"tlt‘lt‘h tiltcr ll flllll New York ttutde ltnnl prescnttuions, l'hi: cures \mc
icpicsculctl by lltt'lt‘ tnnyorsnndtlte governors of their states. the selection of
I to Angclcs its the host city still needs tltc approval of the International

(llyinpic( onuntttcc. flint totc may he .i inure formality. since no other L'll\

has indicated it desire to host the games.

 

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

SEPTEMBER 27, 1977

 

()lyntpit

 

 

 

 
 

by Jill Haber  ~
anil‘Mfchelle Finger

An informational hearing on the
proposed CDTA takeovcr'of the
SUNYA bus shttttlc erupted into a
heated debate between student
opponents of the takeover ttnd
CD'I‘A Executive Director Robert
Manx yesterday.

At the hearing the tcnttttivc
contract outlining the service CD'I‘A
would provide was unveiled to a
crotvd of about [50 students irt tltc
Campus Center Ballroom.

Three main points of'thc proposed
contract are focal points of tltc
dispute:

Owhetlicr equivalent or better-
servicc will be provided by CDTA.

Ojbb security for SUNYA bus
drivers.

Owlictltcr the state would name
C DTA as “sole sottrce provider"‘
meaning that CD'I'A is tltc only
company which can provide
SUN YA with btts service.

According to Vice President for
Business and Finance .Iohn
l-lnrt ignn. "None oftlicsc issues have
been resolved as of totlny.“

llartigan said that while tltc major
issttc for tire students rests on tltc
“equivalent or better service" clause.
tltc State Division of tlic Btidgct
would not appropriate funds for
better service. only for equivalent
scrvicc.

 
  

said that DOP: representative ‘were
invited to the hearing. but did not
show tip. V  C ‘
" According to the proposed
contract. the current V CDTA
Western and _Wa'shington Avenue
bus routes would be extended to thc
uptown campus. with more buses
being provided for rush hours. if‘
necessary.

The Western Ave. bits would run
at exactly the same schedule as the
current SUNYA _buses. but the
Washington Ave. btiscs would run
every twenty minutes tttttil 9 p.m.
when they would run every hour.
The buses would stop at all current
SUNYA and CD‘I‘A bus stops.

One student pointed ottt that less
frequent rttns on Washington
Aventtc would iiicnn tiiorc crowded
buses and worse service for off-
cniiiptis students.

Hnrtignn said tltc State accorded
itself no responsibility for
transporting off-campus students.

"'l he slnlc docs rtof I'ccl
responsibility for off-‘ampus
busing." a st udcitt responded. “ But
70 per ccrtt of the people here move
off campus eventually."

Pressure is coming from DOB for
Cl)'l'/\ to take over tltc SUNYA
sltutflc because it would hail tltc
company otit of'its financial t roubles
with $100000 in federal matching

funds. according to De Voe.
The problem of student
transportation in the event of a

default by CDTA. which is running '

3500.000 in the red. was raised by
several students.

MlllW. responded by predicting a
balanced budget by April or May
without the SUNYA contract but
later said thttt he could not predict

. what would happen in the future.

l)c Voc ttdded that the contract
has provisions that CDTA would
fcase buses f‘nt a reasonable cost“
lllllll SUNYA found other methods
il' CD'IA tlcf'tiultcd or SUNYA took
its option to end tltc contract.

Many questions dealt with what
safeguards St] N YA students had for
getting a fair shake from CDTA.
Millll cited the 5 year renewable
contract with tin option to ctirtccl if
service isn‘t satisfactory. penalties
which would be ititposcd for poor
service. clauses guaranteeing safe
drivers and safe bitscs. and student
involvement on tltc 5 member
proposed bits committee which
would review grievances. (At
present. student membership irt tltc
committee is not stipulated in tlic
contract.)

SUNYA students were also
ponccrncd with fire fate of" the
cttrrciit bus drivers and were told by
Dc Voc that they would be offered
jobs at CI)I‘A (with a loss of

     
  
  
   

 
  
   
    
   
  
 

 
 

  

 
 

  
 
  
  

  
  
 
 

  

        
       
     
      
      
 

  

IDS/lch MARCUS

 

Students argued with CDTA Executive Director Robert Man: at a
hearing on the proposed CDTA takeover of the SUNVA bus service.

scttiorityl or would be guaranteed
slatcjobs if they chose.
‘IiItﬁ/ol/on'r/Ig f.\ u .i'iuim/mjt' oft/w
IlliliII/fililll.v ol l/lt' [If'tl/ltt.\'f‘l/t‘lllili'llt‘l
ilt'llt‘t’t'll Si '.\ l . f urn/("ITIC-f. 'I'lii.t'i.r
Ilol (i /i/m/ t‘tlllll'flt'l uml Ilftl_l' .iIil/ lu'
I't't'i.\i'il.
OCIHA will dttpliciitc prcscttf hits
schedule.

Students to Get Four Seats on HESC Board

by Valerie Molinaro

l’ottr sttidcnt lobby groups have
secured seats for students on tltc
l'lighcr lidttcntion Services
Corporation's Board of' Trustees and
its Advisory Council. nf'tcrtwo years
of effort.

Undcr n ttctv law missed by tltc
New York State legislature
in June. tltc llliSC‘s Board of
trustees will increase its
mcmbcrship to iiiclttdc four students

ottc front a senior college of
CUNY. oiic from an independent
college or ttnivcrsity. ottc from a
community college. and one from
SUNY.

In a report issued last month. the
Statc Scitttlc‘s 'l‘ask Force on
Critical l’roblcms charged that
lll5$(‘  . .stiffcrs from failure to
communicate with tltc ltighcr
cditcnttott community-iu-largc.“ and
in pill'llClllill'. has maintained a poor
record of communication with its
direct clicntclc tltc students.

During the past two legislative
scssions. HASH. tltc Independent

 

Studcnt Coalition. tltc City
University Student Senate. arid the
Community College Strident
Association lobbied vigorously for
the ncw provisions that will
lpi‘ipnli/c sttidcttt iriptit into tltc
decisions of HF ‘ ‘

  

the Board of 'l'rustccs. which
dctcrnuncs the regulations and
operations of lfl58‘C. presently

includes six professionals front tltc
ltrglicr L'tltl‘tllltlll community. tltc
State Commissioner of Education.
and tltc Chancellors of SUNY and

CllNY.

lll-‘SC Vtcc-I’t‘csidcnt for
Research and Policy Analysis
Michncl Cruskic said. “We ltavc

been focusing primarily on l'Al’
processing activities. However. part
of oitr mnnttgcmcnt improvement
plan includes an elevated public
information function. We ltopc to
create a triorc formal
cotttrtttttucntioii systciti which will
gcncrntc n more systematic and
consistent flow of information
between |llliSCJ nitd tltc higher

urs/srevr KUWERIEIG

Off-Campus Housing Director Kerieen Karlson sold the student off-
campus houélng project's board meetings have had poor attendance.

SEPTEMBER 27, 1977

as

education community.
' I'rcscntly III-28C is awaiting
(ioycrnor Carey's appointment and
tltc Stntc Senate's confirmation of
the fotir student trttslccs.
According to SASII Legislative
|)ircctor .locl l'nckct'. tltc tttttjor
stumbling block for tltc trustcc bill
was tltc (it)\'t:l'tttll"§ initial threat to
\cto tltc nct. l’nckcr sttid tltnt tltc
student lobby groups wntitcd to be
assured of lllll participation in tltc
appointmcnt process. and drttftcd
tltc bill to specifically iiiclttdc tltc
four groups in tlic consultation and
l‘L‘CtlllllllCIltlllltillt stngcs prior to fire
(iovcrnor's nppoittttncnl of tltc
students.
the (iotcrnor‘s Counsel chrick
l)ulfca said. “ I lie original bill would
hn\c forccd thc ( iovcrnor to consult
tltc lottrstttdcnt groups. l'ltiswould
hn\c bccn tin ttnprcccdcntcd
ltnutntion on tltc (iovcrnor‘s
rtppointtrtcnt power. which I cottld
not Justin by my rcndutgol tltc State
Constitution. to protch tltc
frccdom ntttl discretion of flint

Dwellings

by Francesca (oliii

the Student Dwellings. Inc. pinii
for tltc purchase and renovation of
too houscs Ill downtown Albntiy
may be in tlnngcr of collapse.
according to tttcttthct‘s of tltc
corporation's Board of |)ircctors.

Director of Residences .lohn
Welly told it meeting of tltc Student
Dwellings Board of Directors on
Sept. 8 that fill: actual cost of
y rehabilitating tltc houses is expected
to be about twice the originally
projected figure of 333.000.

Might ('ariccl

i If an acceptable bid for the
renovation is not submitted by
November 30. plans for the purchase
of the buildings will probably be
cancelled. said Board members.
According to the terms of the
corporation‘s agreement with tltc
building landlord. if the sale is not

power. a new bill was sttbmittedthnt
dclctcd specific Ittcttlion of lltL‘ four
student orgnm/nttons.

’iickcr said. "We were
disappointed. ()ttc of (iovcrnor
Cni \ campaign promises was
guninntccd iiipttt into tltc stttdciit
trustcc ttppoitittncitt process by our
tirgnnr/titions. 'lltnt wottld lttivc
assured us flint tltc (iotcrnor would
appoint individuals who wct'c bcst
qualified to i'cprcscnl sfudcttl
nccds."

According to Assistant
Appointntcnfs Officer to tltc
(iovcrnor anhcrtttc l.ttic|intt.
rccomntcndntions nrc bctng solicitcd
from the lottr lobby grotips its well
its Irotit tltc Chancellors of tltc fotir
collcgc scgincnts.

Applicants must be at least Iii

' of ngc. New York State
Residents enrolled as ltt|l~timc
stttdcnts citltci in tltctr first year at it
community college or t it their second
or third war at it four ycat‘ college.

I.

  
 

 

(‘onlintu'd (Ill page eight

.l‘lf'hl contract term is five years with
an optional the renewal.
SUNYA retains the iigltt to cttttccl
contract.

Ot'lll I\ to hc paid monthly.

Oltuns will be ‘nsf arid \vcsf via
Western At‘c.
lOContrttctor wrll provnfc ft'cc :td-'
(litionnl scrvicc for late library
hours. ‘l‘clcthon. ctc. Cll'l'A
Washington Ave N bus will be
available for SUNYA.
Administration circle Will be
Wcstcrn "\t'. tcrituttnl during most
hours.

Othti the Washington Ave. has is
not rtninittg after 9:10 p.m. and on
Sundays. tlicrc “Ill be on has an
will r going (lthlll'thll oit

ashingt on and ttptoo n on Western

iii a loop.

 

v

 

will furnish

'('l) | .~\ propcl‘
ctptipttictit and personnel.
0(‘l )l A \\lll I'ct|ltlf'L‘ reasonable

conduct of l'nitcrsity pnsscttgcrs.
O('l)l:\ \\Ill idctittlt \Pcs'lill
.\l‘.'\\ A lttlscs.

Oltcipnrcs ('l ) l A to carry insurance
to prolong tltc Stittc.

IA iitc incinhcr hits coittmittcc \\lll
hc appointed ht tltc Ittiitci'stty.

0f tnployincnt for hits tll‘l\cl'\ All
HI \\.\ fttIl tttitc tlritcrs \ttlf ht-
oflctcil normal tohs nt Cf) | .\.

0( [HA and Sl'\\ /\ \\lll sllill’L’
information I‘L'lilff\t‘ to tltc hus
\\\lL'lll.

Ollits connntttce \\Ill ninkc ycnrly
ctnluntion of \t.‘l'\fL't.'.

Ol‘nt\crsily bus stops “Ill be

t'o/tlinucd on page eight

Project May Collapse

finalized by then tltc corporation
must pity tltc landlord “.000.
Student Dwellings was crctitcd last
fall by former SA I’t'cstdcnt Stcvc
l)iMco. lhc project's purpose its
stated In tltcn' hy-lnws is “to proudc
housing ticcomodttttou and improve
Iiitttg conditions for sttidcttts at tltc
Slnfc University of New York iii
Albany." ('ctttral Cotttictl approved
it grant of $20,000 for this protect
this Spring. Under the Central
Council proposal. one-third of tlic
funding would conic from tltc
Rehabilitation Assistance Program.

the Student Dwellings Board of
Directors selected two buildings at
."ll4-3ltr Hudson Avenue for
purchase. lhc choice was based on
four criteria. according to off
Campus Housing Director Knrlccn
Knr'lson. 'l'licsc criteria were tlttit
each unit should contain no more

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

than thrcc hcdi'ooitis. lluil tltc pi'icc
hct'ltctlp. that it bc ncni'thc SIINY A
huslinc. and that thci'c not he too
much need for rehabilitating tltc
building. lltc cost lot‘tltctwo homcs
\\tl\ Slinllllllftltd it would scrv ‘tlht)lll
eight students it year. In spite of
questions rcgnrdirig lllt.‘
neighborhood‘s safety and tltc small
sI/L‘ of tltc bedrooms. tltc sclcctiott
tins litinlt/cd.
Having Trouble

Right now tltc directors of tire
corporation said they are having
trotiblc making any firm dccisioit.
there has been a drastic turnover in
membership. they said. the board is
searching for a prcsidcnt. a faculty
nicntbcr and two student members.
Knrlson said.

The Board hits had difficulties
reaching ti quorum in its past few
meetings. Knrfson said.

Pryoo'mnmm

           
         
    
    
        
     
 
 
    
 
       
    
          
           
     
        
       
    
    
    
 
          

 

 

 

