 

J g g " supp '
to pt hrougls the currentcoidspell.
..H,

‘ But-the Psc‘smi the stat

were blasted for their handling ofthe
latest crisis. which one education of-
ﬁcial termed a “ploy.”

 

lonur rs pf projection than two
days. or a w'eekI‘

, Bennett said the utilities should
have been able to warn the state

' I dy 1 tie ngt.
shoi'ta’p and that it 'was caused by
the unusualand intense cold weather

t spell that has gripped much of the

nation this week. He said the utility's
major supplier-was unable to meet
Niagara Mohawk’s emergency needs
because of simultaneous increased
demands by othercustomers in other
states. V

"Total demands on our supplier

by ac ools'iind industries thii week

had helped ease the'burden and

noted that the weather forecasts

called for moderatingtemperatures.
“The appeals for voluntary con-

servation on the part of large com-

mercial users in still in'elTect." he

noted. '

Earlier in the week. the utility had

asked its large commercial natural

‘gisv customers to reduce
temperatures inside their stores and
outlets and to open only from 9 am
to 6 pm. daily.

_ Education Department officials
indicated they were unhappy with
the handling of the crisis bythe PSC.
They noted that the PSC had urged
schools to remain closed just hours
before telling them to reopen.

 
 

—

 

V, Ajudgie in Londonhas jailed eight
marijuana smugglers aftei branding

them a 'bunch of “hopeless in-

. competents" and suggesting a

slapstick movie should be made of
their exploits.

The judge told the seven men and
one woman: “Everything you did
from start to ﬁnish was wrong. You
did not know how to organize
things."

His remarks came at the end of the
pot-smuggling trial in London after
it was revealed that the caper began

tories, familiar farm anim _
fed. raised and eventually
slaughtered on a conveyor belt
system.'.The livestock and poultry.
who will spend most of their lives on
moving belts. will be delivered tothe
last conveyor belt station in the form
of procest meat. ‘ '

 

,ment Administration was so taken

with the “Tornado Turbine” that it

has already granted almost 3200.000 -

to a Grumman Aerospace engineer
to develop the first model of the
strange windmill device.

 

 

queries involve U. or seris with no
prior criminal recor s'.‘ ' ’ '
The GAO warns that, under the
present system, INTERPOL can ap-
parently request conﬁdential infor-

   

to jail? Figures; prepa by ; \
Angeles County auditors show
it costs far more to keep young peo-

‘pleinjaiithanitdoestosendt ‘ to

John H. Bennett executive direc- Education Department lastspringof have caused huge 'drawdowns in on a wron ‘ '

V s g note in Morocco when . . .

to, ohm-New york sltgucoumnof the impendin‘ moms; . “8mm? 38".. said Kelley: “A” a“ a" "wow" m “g. ASP me ﬁrst "buyer" nbsconded with thc DOGGIE SPECS ' matron . on .U.S. citizens H from swanky colleges. The new a s
1+ sch“ Dm‘m M““"‘""'°"""" A SPORCIIFI“ for the Niallm forecasllnﬂs mu“ "cf-‘emnly be has" Fill out an "Application for Involvement" today: group's funds. For the. pup who has everything American police agencies— without show that it costs $58.97 per

doggie eyegluau u¢_ My explaining why the Information Is , or more than $2l,000 a year 74- to

 

the citrrent crisis was manufactured-
by the utilities-an attempt to turn
public opinion against federal con-
trol of exploration and pricing of

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 
 
  
  
 
  
  
    
  
  
 
  
  
  

Mohawk Power Corp.. the largest

upstate utility. termed Bennett‘s

statement “irresponsible.”
Spokesman Jim Kelley said the

 

ed on ‘normal‘ winter weather and
there was no way for the current
situation to be predicted.“

He said that voluntary cut-backs

west wing of the Campus Center, room 329. Writers, repur/m,
editors, proofreaders needed!

 

     
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Gang members then proceeded to
nearly get busted by hiringthc wrong
car; two members were later arrested
twice, in Morocco and Spain. but

 

available. Developed and styled by.
Paris Optician Morel. the canine
specs are “clamp-one" which are at-
tached to the pet‘s hair and provide

needed — and then disseminate that
information to police agencies in l24
other countries around the world.

 

 

 

 

keep each juvenile in jail.
With tuition at the very best un-

‘ iversities costing around 5 l0,0l_)0 all!

nually, and eveni'with the expenses of

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

    

    

  

 

   
     
    
  

 

 

 

 

 

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

natural gas: . . bought their way out. , . , A  .
he utilities are now going to When one onhe smugglers arriv_ stylish Visual aid. The lenses are room and board tacked ontothat.it
. . ' ' hat sun sensitive still costs much less to send a young
. ed at the London airport on his way specmny "mad so! . '
FEA Pr n     k  h  9  O O O to purchase the pot, he was detained P“,°°"°’ cm} romp 0‘“de on pen?" m “Haﬁmamo keep mm or I ‘
~ . . bright days in comfort. while those her in the LA jail.
% a ' by pull“ for carrying more money canines with more serious sight l
h B 't ’ i
   , twin“ 3:231; ypermmed ‘0 lake problems.such as cataracts.can also U.S. SUPPING 1:. 
WASHINGTON (AP) You may '" ‘he “"d- “Wm”! ‘0 W use them m m hm" Th'. Um“. SW" °“°° “‘° 3
mink your home heating hm ms , ‘ testimony. thestringof failurescaus- wealthiest nation on earth. has i
i; winter is too high. but the Federal . . t ed three gang members to haveaﬁst INTERPOL slipped back Into sixth place. The i
‘ Energy Administration predicts “ fight in a hotel room. Police arrived A new congressional report warns World flank. which keeps track of 
' will nearly double by I985. to investigate the ruckus, and that the privacy of Americans is be- such things. says. Americans ralllt .
.r Moslonheinmase will bcduem arrested the eight on smuggling TORNADO TURBINE ingscriousiyjeopardized bythe U.S. slxlh'“ Pcrcaplla'momc behmfl'he n:
 inﬂation, said the FEA forcing charges. The sentences ranged from Popular Science Maga1jne is government‘s relationship with lN- mm"? or n)". om" mum" ?
prices up some 58.4 per cent. one to three years. reporting that giant turbines may TER POL. INTERPOL is the police T0da}f5leader5ln‘“?°m° if" P'm’“ 
On top of that.the FEAestimated ‘ soon be competing with towering agenCY. based in Paris, Which ex- 0“ 9rd") 3“ Kuwa'“ U"."°d A“? ‘i
that residential energy prices—a ' FUNNY FARM skyscrapers in U.S. cities. Author chaiigescriminal and personalinfor- timirates; Katar: Swnzerland. .5
weighted average of natural gas fuel    . In the 2|st century, you may not Ben Kocivai reports that some cities million among its I25 member- Sweden; and then the U.S. The i
on I ‘ v it d .' PW" “P Yi'ursw‘lcm m" can“ ll WW"S recognize a farm when you see one. may soon feature turbines as big as nﬂliOHS. The new SlUd)’ by the world Bank says mm bah Dc"-
’ q e W "Cl y 3“ "1010f BaSOIIHC— you‘ve paid student lax ltnd_lhilt mL‘illlS . . . - ,  P N mat-k and Norway will probably
it will increase an estimated 24 per 5 I T C d cheaper tickets. cheaper copying, year- according to it report presented to i800 feet high and 600 fcetWidc.and general accounting ofﬁce says that U o BUNGLE I . h. h
w cent.     buck.“permitsyoutototcvanfsclsyo}: the Society of Agricultural that “Their purpose will be even confidential information in federal A New York supermarket “‘0” P3“ "‘e “'5- W" "” e “e” ‘
_ The increase could be higher if e . gym?!{gymf‘gfvﬁﬂﬁﬂ'2ﬁ“; Engineers. Based on a year long more unusualthan their Ioolts." The and local police computer ﬁles is ap- operator has been sentenced totwo yea" I
I ‘ foreign oil producers continue to  I   e y “hing at [he comm ofﬁccdu“ bring s I ll d y of futu re fa rmlng towers reportedly Will bcdeSIgned to parently being freely given out to IN- years in prison for inastcrmlndtng a WITCHY_WASHY ‘
 raise me prices of pe‘roleum‘ . your ID. card. developments‘ the report says that capture the wind, just as windmills TERPOL. on request. without any counterfeit coupon ring that R. h‘ d N.x my been offered
 “on prices climbabomz per Gem     the use ofgiant domes as year-round do.andturnit into human-madetor- safeguards. reportedly netted at least $450,000. h [ch M ‘l 0'“ gm 6" of the ‘
: a year. the FEA said‘ the “sidemial greenhouses for crops will be com- nados which willcventually produce Accordinstothe GAO TCPON. "18 Manny Stride" W35 COHVlClEd along l ~ckc dam-f ho- rfzirates version of
g  energy bill would rise about 3 p" men, as well as orbiting Wcutllcr electricity. The “Tornado Turbine," U.S. Treasury Department, which with three olhcr men of printing up mile  In: of 01.. Movie
‘(.  cm“ a year m. more than 30 per cam satellites to monitor crops and to as itis called,will have small rotating deals with lNTlilU’OL on behalf 0r b08115 “Ocnls'om COUPOHS. CUlllng rodcucer [ESOSCO who all“, reccnb
S by .935 on a compounded basis. regulate soil conditions. A more blades. but a much larger volume of the United States. often gives out In- them apart. wrinkling them so they a, pm together an’ adult version of
 He saidthc higher prices should 0 I " - 1-- “Alice in Wonderland." says he
2. ; increase the amount of natural gas  S\$ E xcmng Theatres Under One Roof  Getclrell's Typewriter wired Nixon in San Clemente with
g . available. permitting new homes to (A... A NEW DIMENSION IN CINEMA LUXURY ——'—'——“. "Wow" the acting one“ The proposed con-
K: i use the fuel instead of installing ex_ , ALIANV, N. v. inc-I tract calls for a minimum of Slot).-
1 pcnSiVe electric heat.   c o  “cousin couglne  I  ' “3"‘°77 000 if the ex-presidcnl will agree to
 The residential energy forecasts quu'l‘lo pospi- his ﬁlm-acting debut. Osco predicts ‘
were part ofa new FEA reportonthe I“ 9 "'03   that Mr. Nixon's appearance would ‘
l . . ..
 , “national energy outlook." GREYHOUND , enema“ '9?" E generate popular interest in the film. \ 
4:  ODu'ect service to Hempstead :22: :Saﬁhy  I   Needless tosay. theformcr president i
  ’ sensuamyl . ’ . has not yet rcsponded. 
K.  Rembrandt a Total Expert 37;??? g." 7 30 “Mb new “99 "ben i 5
i 1 Document - — a n mon. : V E
 g-   Pro SS. New mG Magnum 9:35 Offer good Illru Fob. I9.l977 with this coupon Want to talk It over? ?
g .; CC "18 Call MIDDLE EARTH—4574300
g 1, OFFICE IUPPLIEH - SALES . RENTALS - SERVICE  Hours H Day ‘
:V ‘ TYFEWRITERI - ADDING MACHINE! - CALCULA ‘
3   .  CHICKWIITIR. . CAIH REGISTERS . DuFLICALODS: JOHN GETCHEL" 
f: " Fri. at Sat. only 3 RICHARD PHYOR ,
i 0 archival bond for r.
  LEARN T a
9—40 pm Fri. & Sat. Oconcerts Obuses dissertations . i
$.50 mixed drinks _ v '
$.50 draft Helnekl‘n espeakers agroup events  sax ’
. . . ' hill iiiilli 
swan-«nu. ’°““°“°'“ Q " FIRST MEETING "
482-8l00 '
0 double-sided Copyng . . . A“ '
r' a (as: '- "’
 o o w 959 ~ . '
" Unharrnniat ° “be” :
Chmﬂeds FRI JAN 21 AT 6:00 PM i
V-  ' computer printouts . . I
* WM Ma, Hm F.“ In reduced to people-size |
l 0U! c ssiﬁed and preview forms ' s i
. til. i
. s m. Iian .33.  Bring Your Swim u t t
; (loll: & Clutch: Jé’oﬁtzgf%3iclgvcznnn‘§f. (Sigma, but the 0 poster-size and legal- l
, ma e c an e.) .
 * Cm Md pl" Classified are Se/word to g 8176 ' t
_ . e r... t, 1 Paper 5 f U 457 7767
. .w [M mm... urea. Miami... 75.?“ or more at 0 ca - t
v s rceo car e. . .
i. i panels 3 as“ .4.
t l 20% off an all red lagged f
1 ~ 3 pipes and accessories. Don’t for t b t ‘h B
‘ . its a on e 00K EXCHAN -,
, .5 mm m lit-sin “E 11‘ CC 315 Mon. thru Wed. .
z ' s . funded by student association “
t
l PAGE EIGHT
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE NINE

JANUARY 21. 1977

JANUARY 21. 1977

 

