   
   
   
   
  
   
 
 
  
 
  

 

 
  
   
  
   
  
   
     
 
 
    
   

 

g success in avoiding such problems.

V anywhere on Capitol Hill for ajoint

, dis utea'overideclatialttcation-tothe.‘
House. which wouldhave final '
,: 'a|y_.'i- 3 .3 r ' '  -
J - ~Neither woulditgbe able to ,ap- _;
prove or reject covert ~Aoperations.
, .but as in the caseofthe Senate. agen-

 

  

,‘ tetligeiiec community.
‘ “Asisthecitsewitht ‘ V
mittee. Aspin's proposed House.
pun‘e'l could not declassll'y informer

tor “ yiite'niatic oversightf‘ ol' the in-'

 
  

P . .
ar failed attei a special House \
ttee. investigating abuses by.
A. and other: .intelligencc- "
ng agencies. . suffered severe
embarrassment because of an-
author‘ if disclosures of its lin-
dlngs. '

    

 

 

TORONTO (AP) More. than 300
U.S.- draft resisters and dcserters
from as far away as Sweden and
France met here last weekend and
denounced President Carter‘s
amnesty program.

Steve Grossman. an organizer of
the conference, said some ofthe war
resisters would travel to Washington
for a “May vigil and fast beginning
Tuesday to dramatize their opposi-

'I'he extent of House support for it ' tinn to the Carter plan. It offers par-
permanent committee is unclear. but dons to almost all Vietnam warcra
there appears to be little enthusiasm draft evadcrs but not to deserters.

Tom Nagel. a deserter who has liv-
ed in Paris for four years. said the
meeting “proves there is universal
support for full amnesty. We‘ll force
Carter to give it to us.“

Urossman repeated the complaint
of many expatriates that most draft
preferred by many intelligence ol- Wilde's were Will" and middle Class
liciuls. who argtte that ll \iottld limit ""d lh‘“ P007“ lc-‘is'cduc‘llc‘l
the number of individuals witlt Y0“th Who Ol’lL‘ClCd '0 Hie-NW"

Committee Might Leak
Aspin. a hponsor of last year's bill.
too 5 note of criticism that a perma-
nent.intclligeiice committee might
only increase the likelihood of
government secrets being leaked. ’
However. he said such fears have
bitch dispelled by the Senate panel's

committee.sometimessuggcstedasa
possible alternative to having
separate panels with largely
duplicated responsibilities in each
house.

the joint committee concept is

  

  
   
  
  
  
 

"- .- u..--.- .- u . -
l

CALI. US
ABOUT OUR
SPECIAL
UNIVERSITY
DISCOUNT

with: only at:
:1 l. 5 dozen or more 1232 Western
2. 24 hour notice 438-3332

 

 

u;\

DUNKIN'
ll NUTS

W
Wontuhop’

is first where it counts most!

Weight loss. Froven dlet.
Successful Behavior Modification.
Easy Nutrition. Slimming Exercises.

MORE INFORMATION?
CALL:_@_9o9__

OPEN HOUSE

Room l25-SUNYA'S Physical Education Building
Thursday, February 3rd-8 pm.

Start slimming NOW for a swimming summerll

Special I’rlr'c for Tax Curd holders-[0 weeks/or $25.00

0
c
'.
'-
-

 

 

 

 

 

    

 

 

 

Come hear about our program arid decide to join.
No obligation!

Sponsored by the SUNYA Fitness Cottncil

 

 

 

PAGE TWO

cy'he'ads would be expected to keep
the panel “t‘ully'and currently in-

formed" about continuing and any

ticipated operations.

 Pitogram, Blasted

resisted only at the last moment by
becoming deserters.

“There are 30.000 military
deserters still subject to arrest and
some 792.000 Vietnam veterans who
received less-than-honorable dis-
charges that prevent them from get-
ting jobs. veteran beneﬁts, loans or
insurance,“ said Grossman. He is the
publisher of Amex~Canada. a
periodical for American war
resisters.

PM Court Case

t'tiIt/I‘Irrtt'illl'rmn page one

not statutes which give the Board of
Regents the power to terminate the
programs.“

“They [SUNY] want to be con-
sidercd different from other univer-
sities." said Nyquist. "All the
evidence we drummed tip showed
that they weren't tiny dilferent with
respect to whether programs can be
terminated.“

The decision ofthe state Supreme
Court was irt lavor of Nyquist and
the lloard of Regent on .liiri. 19.

Justice Harold J. Hughes con-
tended that “the (‘omrtiissioner bits
that poivcr [to ripprovc. register. rrrid
terminate gradtratc programs]. . ,
'l he ('tiriiniissioriei”s authority to es-
tublish regulations go\crning the
registration of courses ol study Wits
granted bytthcgcnts. . .l'oundin
Section 207 of the Education Law."

Concerning the .Mristcr Plan.
.lusticc Hughes decided that
"Nothing contained in that statute

. . indicates that the State Univer-
sin was . . . not subject tothc same
requirements Imposed by the
Regents and cotitmissioricr on
private institutions of higher educa-
tion it] this State.“

"I was pleased by tile decision biil
not surprised." said Nyquist. “We
lclt all along that it would go in otrr
lirvor."

"l'm disappointed by that decision
and i must admit that it came as a
surprise to me." said l'tclds.

Taking the advice of outgoing
Chancellor liriicst lioyer. lltc “third
of Trustees voted to appeal the deci-
sion when they met in New York
City Wednesday.

“it scented to us it an order like
this came tip. it lclt the Inn in a
dangerous sttitcto hrrvc astrrglc corri-
mission have
Relihrtn.

According to Relihrrri. the appeal
will temporarily stay the eflcct ofthe
judgement.

"We've lost the first round." said
liclihttn. “We will file it notice of
appeal rind within the next few
months it will be argued before the
appellate court."

Snitl l‘iclds. "It‘s very clear that
there is a vury elaborate authority
conflict in which there are other
elements. in that sense wciSUN YA]
are tossed about this way rind that.
and we are victims of u lot of cori-
siderations which do not adhere to
tiny other circumstances."

discretion." said

' ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

   

    
 
 
 
  
   
 

 

‘Mondote 'l'lghtonet Relations with Japan
TOKYO (AP) Vice President Walter F. Mondale pledged Monday that the
United States will consult with Japan on major-policy changesand avoid the
sudden shocks which occasionally strained U.§.-Japanese relations during
the Nixon and Fort administrations. At a dinner following private talks with
Japanese Prime Minister Takeo Fukada. Mondale assured Fukuda lhltl
President Carter xvas “resolved to. consult closely with your government on
all matters of mutual interest. including stable growth of the international
economy.“ The vice president said there also would be close consultation
with Japan on “creative and equitable approaches to global economic
problems. reconciliation with former adversaries. its well as preserving pcttcc
in Asia."

Young Appointed u.s. Ambassador to UN.
WASHINGTON (AP) Andrew Young. a Democratic congressman Irorn
Georgia and a leader ofthe civil rights movement in the I960‘s. took the mill]
of office Sunday as U.S. ambassador to the United Nations. President Crirtcr
called him the best public servant he has ever known. There was sustained
applause when Young and his wife entered. prompting Carter to say: “i may
have made the wrong choice. This is the ﬁrst Cabinet officer who has gotten
more applause than the President.“ Becoming serious. the President praised
Young as a “very rare combination of inner-strength and quiet self-assurance
. . . Of all the people I‘ve ever known in public service. Andy Young is file
best."

Death Toll Climbs to 12 in Buffalo

BUFFALO. N.Y. (AP) A killer storm maintained its stranglehold on the
Buffalo area Monday. paralyzing business and industrvand spuwninga write
of looting and burglaries in the snowbound city. The National Wetttllcr
Service said it was one ofthe worst storms in Buffalo‘s history. there was no
prospect of a lapse in the near-blizzard conditions until Tuesday night. | llL‘
death toll had climbed to l2 by Monday. four days after blizlard corutitrnrn
first struck the city.

Claudine Longet Sentenced to One Month
ASPEN.(.‘olo. (AP) Claudine Longet was sentenced today to 30 days in the
Pitkin County .liiil for the shooting death of her lover last March. State
District Court .ltidge l5. |.ohr also pttt the .‘io-ycar-old French-horn
entertainer on two years' probation. saying he feared that if nojail tci'in \\ L'lt'
ordered. it "truly undermine the law." Singer Andy Williams showed no
emotion as his former wife and the mot her of his three children was sentenced
on her conviction for criminally negligent homicide in the accidental
shooting at champion skier Vladimir "Spider" Siibich.

State Senators investigate “Rubber” Notes

NEW YURK (A P) 'l'wir slate senators said Monday they will lll\’C\lli.’tIlL' tlrv
role of the state blanking Department in its handling of the USN. Morin
()rdcr Co. which has filed for btirikruptcywith millions til dollars of“iublii-i "
notes floating around the city. State Sens. isrrtcl Riiil. l)-lli'on\. and l lilll/
l.ciehtcr. D-Manhrilttin. said they also wanted to determine it any t'lllltt’s
were committed in the transactions of money which they cstimutcd could
involve as much its $7 million. Ruiz said he informed the State liriiikrng
Department in early December that USN. was having l'iiirtriciul problvrrn
btrt that tile dcparttncut did not issue :i cease and desist orch tintil.l.irr '

Funeral Services Held tor Freddie Prinze
ll()l.l.\'\\’0()l). ('Al.ll". (Al’) Family and friends of l-rcddic l'r'ni/r- ~.ir.|
Itircnell Monday to the young tclciision star who took his own lilc llls All
star. .ltick Albcrtsoinand best friend. lorry Orlando. rend Cllltiglt‘x liic \lll.|il
liincral service for tire 22-year-old slur of“(‘hico and the Man" \ttis hcld .Il
the Old North Church iii the Hollywood Hills. The prillbcrircrs lllt'llltlt'tl
songwriter Paul Williams and l’i'iit/c‘s business manager. Murnll Slntlt‘t
who stood by stunned its the dcspondtrnt actor pulled a .Jl-crilibic llllllllllilllt
Iroiri ll sofa rri his apartment itndshot himscll in tlic hertdctirly l'iid.i\ l’rrn/i'
was said to bc dcspondunt ovcrllic breakup ol his marriage. his cl tor is lit tru-
himscll lroin a contract Wllll a manager who had signed hurt as .i let-trail“
and till uripcriding trial on charges of driving while under tlic iiilliiciirc ul
drugs.

Attorneys to be Chosen for Merit, Not Party
WASHINGTON (AP) Sonic Republican US. Attorneys may strii rrr llllllt'
despite their politics because of the toilet admiiiistration's |lltrlltlw n-
clioosc prosecutors on the basis of merit. Justice Department tllllt'llllS NH
lltitl Inost ol the ‘M ll.S. attorneys across the nation are postponing hilt
decisions until they see how Atty. (icn. (iriffirt licli plans to caiii out lllt'
"will ‘t‘lL'L'llW Winch the federal prosecutors are presidential itpprrlltli't‘\
Hill‘iccl to Senate confirmation. 'l’ruditionttlly. they have been chosen by the
senators iind other political leaders in their states. with a president \lllll‘h
ills'lWlllE '0 lllc choices. llic selection was often based on an iiidn itltuil" \wli
lor‘ the party in power. That trtiditiori has waned in recent years. and (‘uiiri
ritid licll have promised to go even further toward ending it.

Insurance Rates May Become Uncontrotlable
ALBANY. N-Y- (AP) Only hours before the cxpirittion of the stath
authority to review auto insurance rates. the legislature failed to reach
agreement Mondity on a plan to temporarily extend that power. As a result.
companies will officially be able to set their own car insurance rates. sturtinll
l'ttesdny. litit state officials said they doubted the companies would fill“
advantage of their new freedom to impose big rate bikes. The state Senate
voted Monday to extend ttnlil .lunc .ii) the state Insurance Department's
power to review auto insurance rates iitid block increases.

FEBRUARY 1. 1977

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

byJonsthcn Hodges

~ A decision will be made (on
whether to can SUNYA's soda bottle
project or‘expand it campus-wide.

- by the end of this month according
to UAS Board of Directors Chair-'

man Cary Klein. _
University Auxiliary Services
(UAS). til the urging ofthe SUNYA
chapter of NYl’lRG. has been con-
ducting a pilot bottle program on
State Quad. The results of the
program will be weighed by the UAS
Board of Directors at a meeting
scheduled for Feb. is. along with
other considerations that\a"‘ctimpus-
wide program would entail.
“basically. I think that the [State
Quad pilot] project has worked out

 

   

’very well." said NYPIRG memb‘er‘

Melody Festa. who has been
monitoring the program for the
state-wide consumer protection

~ organization.

‘ ‘fPresently we‘re getting about 70
per cent returns on the bottles.“ said
Festa. “i think that the program can
work campus~widc.“

' UAS General Manager E.
Norbert Zahm. who runs the day to
day operations of UAS. is not as op-
timistic.

“it is not just a question of un—
plugging it can inacltine and plugg-
ing in a bottle machine." said Zahm.
“There lift: questions of space. stor-
ing both full and empty bottles. of
additional personnel. [and] the basic

Follett Inc Renews Contract
For Bookstore Management

by Ed Moser

Follett lnc. hits received a five year
renewal of its contract with UAS to
run the bookstore after three
profitable years. said UAS Director
l3. Norbert Zahm.

Follett took over in I973 alter a
number of FSA. now UAS.
opcrritcd years in which the
bookstore lost money. The contract
with Follett was due to expire May
3|.

According to the terms ofthe con-
tract. UAS receives a 5 percent cut of
total bookstore sales. said Zahm.
The UAS budget for the fiscal year
ending .ltrnc 30. I976 showed UAS
as receiving a $82.8.“ income front
the bookstore. with $50.27I remain-
ing after expenses such as rent.
depreciation and the cost of
telephone service were subtracted.

Broke liven

“We just about broke even.“ said
the bookstore manager. l‘ollctt's
(iary Dean. in regards to the profit
he said Follett made in its first
operating year. Dean said his corn-
pany turned a two per cent profit on
the bookstore the second year. Third

year figures are not yet available.
Zahrn said UAS could not
’ profitably run the bookstore itself.
and that Follett has certain advan-
tages which allow it to operate more
efficiently. Follett crin unlottd excess
stock at other bookstores it operates.
while a UAS-operated bookstore
would be a “one-unit“ enterprise
stuck with any merchandise that was
not sold. Zahm added it would be
hard to attract high-quality people
to run a UAS-operated store. since
UAS would it “difficult to compete“
against a “corporate pin scale."
General Problems
Za hm also mentioned more
general problems of running a catn-
pus bookstore. Since costs tend to
decrease with the volume of
merchandise handled. a relatively
small campus bookstore. said Zahm.
cannot compete with the giant dis-
count stores iii the area. While a
Shopritc or a Price Chopper runs
round-thc—clock all year long. Zithm
continued. the SUNYA bookstore
“has to make a hell of a lot ofmoney
in eight or nine rnontlisjust to cover
itself."

ryr\:._

problem of breaking people's ‘

patterns of throwing cans away to
returning bottlcs'to racks.“

According to Zahm. storagespace
for the bottles could be a large
obstacle to overcome. To service the
entire campus. a structure that con-
tiiincd about l.000sqtiare feet would
be needed.

In addition. a loading dock‘that

could accomodatc heavy trrictor- __

trailers would have to be erected if
the new structttrc was not attached
to the Commissary. said Zahm. A
machine capable of unloading I200
to |500 cases of soda would have to
be bought. us well as a trtrck to
transport bottles to the various
quads.

“Everything that we would need
would have to be paid by UAS. there
isn't anyone else." said Zahm.

if the March relerendtini on the
new Student Recreational Center
passes. Zrihm said UAS would
provide $l50.000 in seed money to
obtain necessary bank loans. It is
doubtful whether UAS would be
able to spend an additional 550.000
to provide for bottle. storage. he add-
ed.

"We can‘t be all things to all peo-
ple.“ said Zahm. “We don‘t havcthat
kind of money.“

According to NYl’|R(i. institu-
tion of u campus-wide bottle
program now would give SUNYA

  
  
 
   
 
     
  
   
 
  
 
 
 
   
    

  
 
 

  

The decision on whether to have these bottles replace coda com If

i
N!"

SUNYA will soon be made by UAS.-

an opporttlnity to slowly work otit
any problems before the bottle
program is forced upon the universi-
ty. .

“Right now we have two pieces of
legislation pending. one that would
require the state-wide rise of retur-
noble bottles and the other banning
the use of plastic containers." said
former NYl’IRG Board of Directors
(‘haii'mari Chris Aidtin. “it‘s an op-
porttirtity for SUNYA to work out

the bugs and take the lead in
something that is at the tnnximurn
only three years away.“

ll~ the bottle project is adopted. it
probably won’t begin trntil the fall.
according to NY l’l Rfi. lfthe project
is rejected. UAS will begin to ex-
aminc other possibilities.

“We are not unconcerned about
the environment.“ said Klein. "lftlic
bottles don‘t work oitt. wc will then
look into recyclable carts.“

Nyquist and Buffalo Fight Cold

by Bryan llolrberg

The State University at Buffalo
has been officially closed since
Thursday btrt students were unable
to leave their dortns due to weritlicr
conditions which cancelled classes. a
school spokesperson said yesterday.

“My god. we've been closed since
the snows started last 'i‘hursday."
said (an) administration staff
member. She said snowdrit‘ts. sting-
ing high winds. and low
temperatures made it impossible to
move around outside to begin cleur-

Library Hours Again in Jeopardy

by Teresa Sutton

Restored library hours may be on
the way ottt. according to SUNYA
Library Director James Schmidt.

Presently. the library operates
l()].5 hours per week rind is staffed
with H9 employees.

“We are authorilcd to have l62

  

full-time employees. 23 of those
positions are vacant and frOZen.
leaving us with IJ‘). Out of that 23
we‘re going to have to permanently
surrender eight. leaving us with an
authorization of l54." said Schmidt.
The library may soon be forced to
delete eight of the vacant iind frozen

 

hovnk

Student may soon be torced to spend loll hours in the library It
proposed cuts by Governor Carey's budget are approved.

FEBRUARY 1 . 1977

employee lines on its main register if

~(iovernor Hugh 1.. Carey's proposed

l977 budget is
legislature

According to Schmidt. this will
make it tnorc difficult to rcuctivrtte
the deleted positions.

A position that is frozen or vacant
remains on the register and hits a
possibility of being refilled. in total
the library has lost it) percent of its
staff during the pitst two ycttrS.
Schmidt said that the house were
restored before finals last semester
because permission was obtained to
hire buck sortie of the employees.

“Sept. [9. |97(i. the Division of
Budget ofthe State of New York up-
provcd 19 positions that hail been
vacant some ofthem for iriorc than
one year. liy Thanksgiving. all of
those positions were filled. so that by
Monday, Dec. 5. we were iible to
return to l03.5 hours per week."ex—
plniricd Schmidt. (‘urrentlythcre are
2] vacancies. Schmidt speculated
that Carey wits tirillkcly to uppr'ove
filling them. He expressed concern
itbout being unable to fill additional
positions tlittt would be vneriteddur-
ing this semester.

“If we get it lot of resignations. it
will be unliker that we will be able to
rnuinttiiu the [restored] hours." said
Schmidt.

passed by ‘ the

ing the effects ofan Ill hour bli/xard
which struck western New York
Thursday.

National Guardsmen teamed tip
with city crcws lll snow removal to—
day. the spokesperson said. but The
US. Weather Service was predicting
additional snowfall accumulation in
the city tomorrow.

There were no answers to repeated
calls to school SA a rid media sources
last night. The spokesperson said
drifts of over l5 feet were burying
many buildings and people were
simply not able to carry on normal
business.

The spokesperson said snow
removal was hampered in some
spots. Metal detectors were needed to
locate snow buried cars btrt in the ex-
pcctation of clearing out by Friday.
the school Wits rescheduled to open
Fridin morning. according to the
spokesperson.

Ration Supply

Commissioner of Education
liwnld ll. Nyquist todiiy urged llll
school and college administrators to

cooperate fully with power company
officials in their service area to deter-
mine whether schools should be clos-
cd d tiring the State's energy
emergency. Nyquist-referred to an
earlier directive from the Public Ser-
vice Commission which gave local
suppliers tltc authority to allocate
dwindling gas supplies utnong their
various classes of users.

SUNYA uses gas stoves in most of
the quad cafeterias as well as for cer-
tain science lab courses and art
courses. according to UAS Director
E. Norbert Zahm. and they may be
affected.

Specific Nyquist suggestions were:
Oliliminnte the heating ofswirnming
pool water and suspend swimming if
necessary
'Rcvisc physical education
programs to eliminate the need for
hot showers and allow temperatures
in the gym to be reduced
ISuspcnd hot meal programs
'Sct temperature controls til ()5»
degrees during the day and 55
degrees at night.

December Crime Rate Up

by Robert (iardncr

(‘riitic tilt campus increased I] per
cent in l‘)7(i. according to figtircs
released in the Department of Public
Sitlcty‘s monthly crime report.

Crimes against persons. however.
rose by 77 per cent according to the
report. which was released by Dircc~
tor Jtrn Williams. l’hcsc offenses in-
cltidc Assault. Aggravated Harass-
ment. Robbery rind Rape.

During the month of December.
crime increased by eight per cent
over I975. in total. three persons
were arrested by University police
during the mouth.

'l'otiil arrests. were up by 37 per
cent in [976. A breakdown of the
arrests showed that 7t per cent of
those arrested on campus were rioti-
students.‘

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

There was a rirpe reported last
month. according to the report. The
victim did not wish to prosecute and
the case was plttccd on inactive status
after it field investigation was cori-
ducted.

l’etty Larceny Up

The most frequently reported
crirrie is petty larceny. with 409 to
drite. The report shows increases ltl
other crimes against property such
as criminal mischief and grnrid
liti'ccriy. llurglnry. however. liiis
declined by nearly. l00 per cent.

The tiiontli of December saw over
$7500 worth of property reported
stolen. lln 89.4 per cent increase over
Dec. 1975. So far. over 385.600
worth of property has been reported
stolen to date. an increase of over 32
per cent. ‘ .

PAGE THREE

  
  
 
 

 

   

 
 

    

