 

 

 

 

 

 

   

=......‘... '

comedian,
star 'of
‘Cctr sth'

and

[FRANKLIN “A”

  

 

v STUDENT-FACULTY SPEAKERS SERIES
'  Idea Lot a University - Revisited"
presents
on- measures serrz

President of Rockefeller University
past president of the National Academy
of Sciences
chairman of the Space Program

Advisory Council

 

 

« ANNOUNC

.TO: UNIVERSITY COMMUNITY

FROM: AFFIRMATIVE ACTION OFFICE/OFFICE OETHE DEAN FOR STUDENT AFFAIRS

SUBJECT: Non-Discrimination of Handicapped;

Formation of SUNYA Task Force" for ‘504’ Coompltanoe

When HEW Secretary Califano signed into law Section 504 ofthe Vocational
Rehabilitation Act of I973. a new age was ushered in for the handicapped
students of our country. Essentially what these regulatibns say is that noinstitu-
tion (University of College) receiving federal funds can discriminate against a
handicapped applicant. student. or employee on the basis of disability. A han-
dicapped person cannot be denied admission into an educational institution or
3 employment within such an institution solely on the basis of her/his handicap;

be included on the Task Force. Neil C. Brown (Dean for Student Affairs) and
Gloria DeSole (Affirmative Action Associate) have been named co-coordinators
of the SUNYA Task Force on 504. Members of the 504 Task Farce are:

at udent (U AD)
student (UAD)
student (UAD)

Roger Beaudion
Debra Hamilton
Mark Guntrum

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

I howéeve-r. in order to be admitted or employed the applicant should be qualified Lia (‘ ‘ ' Personnel Ofﬁce 
‘ a, . aca emlca or ossess a ro riatc 'o s ills. -' ‘ ‘ v ' ‘ ;
  of     V . ' . Y P I PP P J tilistize'Pagidson  ..........  ............ ..Office ofthe VP for Academic .AffaLrs L
' 'V Universities were rcqutred to meet the standard of program accessibility by '3" e f . fa?" er .jm y I
 5 -    V I Auguestl. I977. This means that no program or activityifa universityshould be Rube" hf" , R , ,
g . tn; ~ ~ II" nacccssiblc to adisabled student. Ifa program is located inan inaccessible area. Thomas Hemm'“ Ad ' MM
: I hen it should be rescheduled to an accessible area. If architectural changes are Frank K0!“ Ham D‘ipunment
:   2 7 n     t - needed 'for program accessibility. then a University has six monthstodcvelop a R091?" [4mm r"““"l/
' " ransitional plan for these changes and a three-year period within which the ac- ' Frank I'M" Library
1;. mil work must be completed. Fredric Shenn ..................  .........  .... ..Rehabilitation Service. Student Life

8 pm.

$.50 with tax
$1.00 without

TICKETS

at SA Contact Office
and at door it available

 

C.C. Ballroom

funded by SA

 

 

 

1PM

Tuesday October 25th
CC Assembly Hall

Jam/ml by 5.4

 

 

COLONIAL QUAD

CENTRAL COUNCIL ELECTIONS

ARE INVALIDATED

The regulations also mandated that a campus-wide task force be formed. in order
ocomplete a self-evaluation whichlooks at all policies. procedures and practices
that affect the handicapped. The objective of the task force is to determine
changes needed in order to comply with Section 504. Handicapped persons must

 

Dennis Stevens jbudget Office
Joel 'l‘r-w Plant Department
Sabina Vermeulen .................................. ..Rehabilitation Service. Student Life
Anne W “' ﬂ‘ Classified Staff

 

 

 

 

The State University of New York at Albany has been serving disabled
students since its inception as a University. In buildingthc new campus(uptown
campus) care was taken to consider the architectural needs ofthe handicapped
and the academic podium that resulted has almost complete program accessibili-

x‘ty for the disabled student. The academic podium contains l3 academic

‘..,_buildings on a common platform all connected by a continuous roof and an

'enclosed below-level corridor. All lloors ofthe academic buildings are accessible

’5 by elevator. Four nearby residence units each house 1,250 students in

,, quadrangles. of which a part of one has been specifically adapted forthe han-

: dicapped. State Quadrangle. the residence quadranglethat is specially adapted.
has I9 residence units which are totally accessible to handle 43 wheelchair

‘1 students plus I0 rooms which can be reserved for attendants. Special features in-

. clude a modified shower. toilet. and sink. lowered shelves and the removal oflips
at doorways. The academic podium is accessible from the residence unit and
parking areas on the north side by a ramp and on the south side by elevator.

The University, through the leadership ofthe Division for Student Affairs and
the Physical Plant Department, has completed many minor rehabilitation
modifications in order to facilitate better accessibility for the handicapped.
These adaptions were: further modifications to bathroom facilities on State
Quadrangle such as lowering sinks (Fall I973), modification ofthree bathroom
facilities onthe academic podium inthe Library. Lecture Center Complex. Cam-

pus Centcr Building ( Fall I974). accessible routes mapped out by signature(FaIl
I974). guardrails put on ramp to podium closest to adapted residence hall and
Tower curtains ofStateand Indian Quadrangle(Spring I975). curb cuts(Spring
I975). modification of the Physical Education Building with adapted shower-
rooms. one adapted toilet facility. and Hoyer lift to allow entryintotheswim-
ming pool by paralyzed students (Spring I975). three ramps for the Campus
Center Building to allow better access(FaIl I976). modification ofthe Dippikill

rm.

Department. Admissions Office. and others. began exploringthe possibility of
setting up a comprehensive service program for disabled students in the early
I970‘s. In the Spring of I973 such a program was conceptualized by agraduate
student and presented to the Dean for Student Affairs who designated the Office
of Student Life as the appropriatclocation for campus advocacy. The Assistant
Dean for student Life provided initial coordination and program leadership.
One full-time. State-funded position was allocatedtothis programin Fall I973.
Within one year(.lu|y I974) a proposal to USOE written bythis professional was
funded. and a comprehensive service program for handicapped students. the
Rehabilitation Service. located in the Office of Student Life. began operation.
Today the Rehabilitation Service coordinates many special services for disabled
students. Examples of these services are: coordinating services forthe disabled
with other University Offices (residence. admissions. ctc.). recruitment ofattcn-
dants for quadriplegics. recruitment of readers. note-takers and tapers forthe
deaf and blind. individual orientation to new students. personal and vocational
counseling, and liaison work with State agencies scrvingthe disabled. The Ser-
vice publishcs a Disabled Student Newsletter to the University community.
which is extremely well received by students. faculty. and administrators. The
Service has set up. in cooperation with the Library administration and staff. a
special resource room forthe blind and visually-impaired(Room 2I0). Specializ-
ed equipment has been purchased fromthc Student Affairs Division budget for
this room including: a Visual Tech read/ write machine for the visually-impaired.
an Edna-lite. and a hrailletypcwriter. The Library has purchased acomplete set
of braille dictionaries (36 volumes). a large-print almanac. alarge print copy of
the N.Y. Times. and a large print Thesaurus. The Rehabilitation Service has ob-
tained on permanent loan from the N.Y. Commission for the Visually Hun-
dieappcd. a Lexicon Vari-speech II Tape recorder. The Library provides a
reference librarian titled Library Resource Coordinator for the Handicapped
who spends one-third time working with the disabled.

 

 

 «cm 341-: at  . t

 recreational facilin (Spring I977). special doorhandles for the Campus Center

Building. Performing Arts Center. and Lihrary(Spring I976). and placement of No historical document concerning the disabled on the SUNYA campus

a ramp in the Lecture Center area to allow accessto the reflecting pool(Spring would be complete without mentioningthe student consumer group andits good
 . o 0 I976). Ther Governor in his Executive Budget for I977-78 recognized the Un- work. In the Springof I973.the disabledSUNYAstudents.throughthc Student 1’",
      ivcrsity‘s good efforts to make architectural modificationstothe campus forthe Association, formed Students for the Improvement of Programs to the Han- 
 gu'  handicapped by allocating $20,000 for further modifications. These funds are be- dicapped (S.I.I’.II.) now named “University Action for the Disabled“(UAD.). V
‘E ing used to adapt bathrooms and entry doors following SUNY Construction This group (in cooperation with the Rehabilitation Service) has held three I)
g; Fund specifications. campus-wide Awareness Days. formed a wheelchair basketball team. and , '
 In order to better serve severely disabled students. SUNY Albanythroughthc generally raised the aWareness of the SUNYA Campus to needs of the han- v _‘-'
 efforts of the Student Affairs Division With the Strong support of the Plant dicapped. 
5 g

E it

call Dave Gross at 7-6542
for further
details

 

DISABLED SUNYA STUDENTS

DISABLED SUNYA FACULTY, STAFF

Disabled faculty or staff members experiencing difficulty on the

Disabled student experiencing any difﬁculty (architectural
accessibilit y, academic coursewark, student services, personal ad-
justment, and the like) are urged to contact the Rehabilitation Ser-
vice, CC. [30, 457-1246 (Fred Shenn or Sabina Vermeulen).

 

SUNYA campus are urged to direct their concerns to the attention
of any of the following: the Afﬁrmative Action 0ffice(AD 344); the
Rehabilitation Service. Ofﬁce of Student Life, (CC. 130); or the
Office of the Dean for Student Affairs (AD 129).

. A Lac-a"; -y4r_.-

.......... . ........,. .. “Hun” u“). I.rrunnntnnuu.tannin-nurunner.tuinn-nunuiuuununMluuullltlutuiluuuuﬂﬂulull-lulutuﬂﬁlfictliitlllltuulllltilnintlul

 

I
I

t
' ., c y .. - :._- r.....-...sgr.—A_. zv«t¢.MM-....,,........_‘, . . , .. .....,,....._.._ .

 

