  
  
 
     

 
  

 

 

 

 
 

  
   
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
  
    
   
   
  

       
     
   
   

minim—t. A. ' ..

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

_ national In scope; have a tarntliarlty with the peel and a vleionot thetulure‘;

 

 

 

‘ In September I976. President Fields charged his committee to reassess the concept ol‘aliberal ' "" "
tion at the University at Albany. with specific regard to students majoring in the College of Arts and
Sctcnces. In our Octoberletter wesoaght “ . . . advioefromIheacademiccommunityon what it perceives

to be the goals of the liberallyeducated person and. . . 4. to help identify alternative avenitesto reach these .

goals." We want to reiterate our sincere interest in feedback from the variousconstitueneics ofthe campus.
Overthe last several months we have been workingtodevelop proposals which recognize the nature ofthis
campus. the pressures already imposed on faculty. and the concerns and aspirations of the student of the
[970's and 80‘s. We believe that no reforms which we may offer can ultimately achieve the goals of liberal
learning it’ not supported.by students. faculty and administrators. ' .
We are therefore holding an open meeting on Tuesday..May to. 1977. in the Campus Center. Assembly
Hall at 7:30 p.m.. the purpose of which is to discuss the’ following document. _ . V -
Wishing to develop a proposal which would foster'tbefprinciples of liberal education. the committee
sought first to identify the goals ol'a’ liberally educated person. Our statement of goals follows.

 

A Linear.“ eoucxreo Encore anouto: j ' . I. I ' - g
1. be able to mil with ancient-hang and to think; speak and wrlte with precision. clarity and
coherence; ' ‘ r . -
2. be able to evaluate Intormatto'n and criteria objectively In torrn'ulating declatone and critical
Judgments; . ' , - > ' _. ' >
3. have a critical apprectetlon ot the ways In which’we gain knowledge and understanding ot the
universe. ot society. and of ourselves; ‘ ' ' y ' _
4. have some understanding ot. end experience‘ In thinkingebolrt.-moral and ethtcat problems;
5. be able to transcend hIi/her own expert" cc and culture; rim a perspective ttiatrla Inte'ré

 

‘ must b.‘ nut-wed by the newly termed Committee on Interdisciplinary Studies. which operates an.

 

 

 

9. nclueve depth in some tleid dlvltnowtedge. ‘

a

Proposal—Part It "
:l.) The student will complete a second ttetd consisting at 18-24 credits (a) altered by a can”
merit In one of the two colleges outsidethe collage oi hie/her ma|or; (b) orthe student may prom,9e
a coherent concentration at 1044 credits at course work from among departments outside or
his/her major college. All each "Interdepartmental" or “Interdleclpllnary.' Iacond tleld propom.

der the aegis of the Undergraduate Academic Council. ’
4. The courses and to eatlalythe requirementaot Part I cannot be used within the second item )0
eetletythe requirements of Part II.

Comment

The committee wishes to encourage "distance" between the major and the second fluid in order to luster
the “breadth'. principle. which is essential to our concept of liberal education. However. the (“intuitive
wish 'also to encourage students to pursue their individual academic interests with the grcttlt‘st plnrlic.”
degree-oi trccdom within the |20credit grudtrations requirement. Therefore. alter the student lttts sntr\l no .1)
ol iris/her obligations tortlre ll.A.. there will be 54-60 crcditsstill open: l20 minus Jofor l he Ittttptt. riutiiu tx-
24 tor the scoond Iicld. and minus 0 lorthc two stimulus courses or their replacements. the tart lli.l| the w-
cond field can. be taken in airy department within either college ousidc of the major colclgc. or krill he on...
disciplinary gives the student a very broad option.

 

' . 0nc'_rcluled possibility is that each department could devise one or more “structured sci-unit Iti‘ldr"

centered on‘its own discipline. principally comprised of. but not necessarily limited to. L'trttrsc \trrlk unhm
' rtmcrit. Such "structured second liclds". while giving many options to students. would lt.r\cllit'.ul-
vururig‘e ot'grctrily diminishing the burden of advisement rind rclrtted paperwurk.

     

In formulating this statement: the committee considered reports from a‘numhcr ol'suurccs.-including liar: .'

vard. Vale rind n colloquium chaired by I rolessor Mttlll‘ill Johnson ofthc Universityut Albany. We believe
thrit it more undergraduates were cons s ofthe sort of vision that is presented int be above stateme'nt.‘tliey
would trike bcttcr iidvuntiigc ol‘tbc‘ diverse resources of this institution. V ' v  ' ' ' -

V'l‘ltc proposal which follows addresses the mum of how to operationalilc these goals at the University at
Albany Ior students pursuing the II. A. degree in the College of Arts rind Sciences. The committee has also
considered the us. degree lll its relationship to gcncrul'cducation. We have decided notto nitrite any
proposal which allccts the MS. ill 't his tinic. because we need signiﬁcant input rcgitrdingtltc specialnccds of
".5. students and the possible impact of the “breadth principle.‘ upon them,

  

' itr'ririrrg

 

Proposal—Part l,

1. The etadant rnuat paaa at least one course In each of the two coltegea outside the college ol
hie/her major. These coureee may be either (a) specially developed "atlmuiua courses"; or (b) other
courses at particular Interest to the student In these two colleges; or (c) a stimulus course from one
college and one other courae ol Intereel trom the other college.

2. These courses may be taken anytime during the student's studies.

 

 

 

(‘omiiient
A "stimulus course" turns at exciting st talents about an area ol st udy. witlr a view toward crcirtingthc basis
lot it lilcslong interest In the subject ticld, Ifuch college will oll'cr several stimulus courses. ilcstgncd lor
students at \urioth lcvcls iii t licrr undcrgrailuatc careers. Sonic rirny be particularly appropriate lor the slit-
dcrit wnh hunted background III a discipline. while other will present n more inlorrncd overviewtor Ilrc stir-
dcnt with more advanced knowledge. llicsc courses may be taught witltin one department. may be In-
tcrdcpattmcntal. or may even contain material going beyond a spccrlic college's spurt of interest. "Stimulus
courses" must be both rntcrcstttlgrintl challenging. the committee hopes tltrit tcncltcrs ior these courses wtll
be selected lor thcir parttciilitr skills lli working with undergraduates its well its lor their enthusiasm for par-
ticipating in this protect.
I Attlllrllt.‘ ' to illustrate. here are l wo examples ot the kinds ot courses which tltc cornrrrittec secs ris“slimu|us
c-Itrrscs‘l‘:
(ii/rural IJrrcrsiIr mrrl ilrr' llrmrwr Condition
"A liurttarustically-orrcrrtcd st tidy of selected cultures anti societies. locusing on contiriuiiy rind change In
the lollowrng: lumily: culture and religious values; rrrt rind nature: work and play: heirlth~ccology-scic tree it rid
nature. 'lcnm-tanglrt by SUNY Albany faculty. utili/ing guest lecturers and rntcrriatronal students as
resource persons. the i‘ttll scrsinn iocuscs on India. l'ruucc rind the Alricitn llriusu: the Spring session
locuscs on (.‘lrrnu. (iuatcmnln. arid Irrrn, I‘ull year course or either session. (Designed primarily torerrtcrrng
Ircshntcn.)“
SUNYA Undergraduate linlletrn l97b-77. llttru l5tl n and b (.I..I)
Ylir' U.\t'.\ o/ Nrmr/u'ri
" l'ltr: two ruins (it this course would he to develop the habit ot rioting tlte implications ol tltc many
(economic. political. geographical. etc.) numerical assertions one encoiintcrscvcr) day. lttltl to developriscn-
utivity tnthc pleasures lllttl rnat hcmulicrt can all'ord. l’tlhhihltf topics include: the art ot estimating: how to use
on misuse) probability itrid statistics; mathematics as an empirical science (cg guessing theorems wrtli llte
.ird ol a pocket calculator); wlnrt computers can find caiirioi do: mathematics as an art~tornrtnuinhcr theory;
the history ol pi and c; Wllill the calculus lli about; tltc clltsslliciuion ol irilinites."
Cornell University Proposal by the Committee on (icnerril liducation. January W77.

   

—

Other Concerns

' The committee wtshcs tocxpress t‘speciul concern that undergraduate students should be .rlrl. in unit
with precision. clarity and coherence.“ l‘bc committcc does not believe. howevcmhat stress on grunt uritttlg
should he cotrltnctl to an lingllsh Composition course. We tch there needs to be a inlllillilt’t‘il‘tl .tjtitlmtll
wlircli stresses rctricdntl work. where necessary. rind which encourages the demonstration rrl \tiilitlr‘ it'lll
pulcncc at all levels rind in all disciplines.
r'lr/I'fll‘llll'lll

In its discussions the committee lrcqiiciitly expressed Its concern for the importance ol trrtorrru rt in r urr
academic aduscrncnt its a kcy element in the undergraduatecspcricricc. We rccogrn/cthnt Irrnlpi r..r. titll
strurnts lirrtc had an illilIilL’l on the advisement structure at this University. Within our resourin 'i-‘Ai .tr

Kills feel that every cllort should be made tonupport rricnnrngltll lacc-to-Incc contacts bctucrn \ttltli iil- out

llictr adusurs. liclatlcd study and rccornrncndattons are needed ltcrc.

the committee does suggest tltnt cacti department begin by milking an ciiur‘l to ilciclop .iwl rl’i‘h
st udcnls wrtlt the kind ol orrttcn inlormntron that will alleviate the need loratlvtscrncrrt t'ttltldtl r r minu-
tirnlinc trinltcrs. thus Icaiing more time lor Cttllbllililllt)" oit more stthstttnltvc tttiItti-rs “t'llt‘l m r'it tr.it
treulatton ol program spccrllcrrtions rind rcoiurciricnls will also help assure that rnlotrrirrtrorr Itrmuli‘il in
students “Ill be corimtcrrt and accurate. I'ltc notion ol a “structured second fluid" atidtcsscx rlrr. rrltrlilrltr
htrrcly. academic units cart rcspond creatively to these needs in other ways. as well.
IIII/I/t'llll'lllllllilll ( ir/rsl'r/t'l'uliinrs

Alter considering reaction Ions proposals. the committee wrll prepare ut'iritil report lor silltttiixurrtrlrrllir
l’r‘csrdcnt and lot ollicial publication. llic report wrll not be acted upon by tilt: llndcrgrrrilirnii \. .ltlkilill
('irttnctl lltllll llIL' l‘l77-7li academic )L'ill.

lltc proposal. it passed. Will need a mechanism for Irrrpleiucritation. We suggest that a iorurrrrir
the rrriplcnrcntutrorr process and monitor the cllccts irl this ptnpttsttl upon the lllltict‘gttltllmh r ~rn iii no

ir\t'l\t’t'

l’rror to ttit lcrrtc rt' r r- -- -- ~ ‘ ‘
p r «till it at llt.t.(.i to dLthit. how or it our proposal wtll apply to \lttdt'itts [ttlixrnnu It s
tlcgrccs.
()ncc linrrlr/cd. this proposal should not he trirplcnicrrtcd as a regulation until Ittcllltlt'tl rn  ' 'I
dctgrailnartc lIullcirn; at tile catltcst this wrll hctlic l‘)7X-7‘)cdltrori. this regulation Will not .rpplr t-t "HI-“h
\\ltt| lrcgrrn tlcgtcc study ltcrc prior to the ollictal date of implementation.

('onclnslnn
“WWWW Cmllmllllllylurcspondloourn - u i v
' ~ - - r- . ‘ pthiliorlirdl-nii outrun
ii‘lrlrhi'ipliu h) “hands? llhc UPC" “mm” ”" M” “"h- by provrdingn written statement tottu- . rrtirtliilli‘t‘
r. cssor ny rlrt I. Chairperson. till 221 m h ‘ w , h v . _ I \ ‘ 1‘ M
“New”. R“), “mm by MW m W7. 0 h. C region Ihttl .rtl who... mp. n. no

We encourage all members oi the

Special Committee to Review the Undergraduate Experience
Jariics Aronolf—Studcrtt

Donald Hunls—llirlrcrslly Registrar
Stephen ill-Long—(ieoIogy

litirl Levy—Music

I'rt'dcrlck Moore—I'rcnclt

Ilallrnu (ignite-Mathematics

ltuy tirlall—I'rerrclr. (‘inrlrperson
Maurice Richter—Sociology

llrlan hands—binder"

ltit'liurd 'Icvvitn—l'syrliolog)
Mnrlannt- \\llllatns—Anthropology
lra Lliritlri-riliart—hlurlcrrl

Attend the Open Meeting, Tuesday May 10, 7:30 pm in the cc Assembly Hall

Address all responses to either:
Albany Student Press cc 329 or to iiay Udall Hu 223

I

    

         
    
   
   
    
     
 
     

 

i
l
l

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

IMPORT/EXPORT

1 ‘ Paciﬁc News Service reportsthat."
within the next three months. some _ .

30.000 white families areexpected to

flee from Southern Africa andresctl '5 ' _ l ' ~ ,
_ tion politically. comprises only I5
_ y  percent ofthc population of Bolivia;
Pacific News. the governments of~ ‘

tie on potentially rich farming lands
in South America. According to

Bolivia. Brazil and Venezuela have
quietly agreed to accept. white

refugees who are expected to flee

from Africa in the coming months as
liberation movements against white
minority governments continue to
spread.

The news service says that most
western European govcrntticnts
have liatly rejected all resettlement
proposals
territory. llowcvcr. West Germany
is reported to have offered a credit of
tip to SISO million to South
American countries which accept
\vhitc refugees from the Al rica_n con-

. _linciit.
the possibility of the whim
rcscltlcrncrit plan has already

triggered a wave of protests iii
iloli\ia: l'acriu: News says that
leading opposition groups are labcl—
ing the move as the "Importation of
Apartheid." Bolivia's lznropcnu
population. which controls tltal lIII-

involving European:

the rcsettlcment ‘of whites from
Africa would raisethc proportion of
Europeans'in Bolivia to above 30
percent. The Bolivian revolutionary
left movement chargesthat the white
immigrants would not only bring

*1 with them “Colonial and racist at-
titudes." but they would also be

granted free title to some of the best

farming land in Bolivia.
HUMAN DISASTER
Scientists are st ulingt hat the rapid

decline in the world‘s forests could

_wrcrik_ havoc on the human race.
‘ llcscarch

 
  

have repeatedly warned
IllihiOSIlilcrlQ dangers of
burning 'to' ‘l'ucls. like coal. arid
creating cs ss carbon dioxide.
llowever. l’ucilic Ncws Service now
reports that the destruction of tile
world‘s lorcsts may post: an even
greater threat of 002 pollution that
the burning oi fossil fucl.‘

I’NS says that when trees are cut
and burned as tircwood or simply

tilltltlL-‘ilj

 

 

 

 

  

corner Robin St. &CcntraiAve.Albany
PRESENTS
Comrlry Rock Sounds of

Tree Fox

Friday & Saturday
$1.00 Admission

 

May6&7

 

 

 

 

Rt'sitlcrit Professional 'l'liczitrc( tilllplttI)

‘31::-

   
    
  
  
 
  

 
   
       
   
     
  
  
   
   
  

       
   
  
 
 

Theatre Adelphr

MATE 1977

Openings for

0 Professional Actors (Salary. SIN/wit plus
room for six weeks.)

0 Theatre Technicians. Administrators. Costumere, Directors
dr Designers (Salary dependent on quaiiliattions and interview.)

0 Apprentices (No salary. You pay for up to six college credits while '
performing and working with professional company. High school Juniors
and college students over to eligible.)

Summer Season: June 20 through July It for Professional Company.

June 27 through July Jl for Apprentices. .

Minintum of four major contemporary productions.

dltlott Data: 0n Ariel/Ill] Cum/nu. Sat.. Maydd & Set.. May 2|
A" Illurrlmlmri: Thurs. ay l9 a In. May 20

at .-l(/(’7[)Ili( nir'r'rsifi'

on Being l‘trrrrictl for

 . Stirnnici'
' 1077

To Matte Audition/Interview Appointment

Call: Bill Baker, (516) 294-8700 ext. 7637

 

cleared for expanding populations
and left to decay. they i'eleair'c their.

~stored ,up carbon into the at;

mosphere in the form of carbon.
dioxide. Such increased levels of
C02 will not only cause more
respiratory ailments. I’NS says. but
also could result in a warming trend
in climates which could wreck havoc
for the world‘s agricultural areas.
Science magazine recently published
figures which indicate that some four
billion tons of carbon dioxide are be-
ing pumped into the atmosphere
each year via burned or decaying
forests. Paciﬁc News says that cs-
timatc is roughly equal to the
amount of carbon dioxide rclcascd
annually through the burning of
lossil lucls.

  

STUDY TECHNIQUE

ll you‘re spending much of your
study time underlining important
parts ol a book or lilkillg a few notes
as yoit rcatl. you're probably wasting
your time. that‘s the finding ol
rcscarchcr's ill the University of ll-
linois. l’rolcss‘or 'l'homus Anderson
says about two-thirds of so-cullcd
“nurture studicrs" sltythat when they

 

 

study. they read a passiige. reriia U
with some underlining. and take a »
few notes. But he says his studies in-

‘dicatc that these external Itinds of

things don‘t make nay difference in
terms of learning or test scores. Says
Anderson: “If you have (students)
study a passage without underlining
or without taking notes. you typical-
ly find no difference in how well they
do on a test lutcr.“ Anderson states
it‘s other factors “like where
(students) choose to slow down. the
types of questions they ask
themselves as they read and what
they choose to do when they fail to
comprehend what they're reading“
that are important.

KINKY SEX

A soon—to-bc published survey by
the University ol California has
reportedly discmcrcd that art un-
usually high proportion of
politicians regularly crtgage in
“Kinky and masochistic" scx prac-
tices. .S'mr I'l‘tlllt‘i.\'r'tl magazine
reports that a team ol university
researchers has based its lindirrgs on
inlcr\ic\vs with pimps. lormcr
politicians. call girls tliltl psy-
choanalysis. According to thc
maga/rnc. lhi: Il(' research team ask-
cd not to bc rdcnltttcd bccritisc ol the
sensitivity of tire st udy: however. the
rcscrirchcr‘s arc quoted ilh stritirigtlint
"At the end ol our investigation. we
hail enough in our tiles to ruin the
careers til at least I‘) (‘alriorniii oliicc
holder's."

lhc rcscnrchcr's reportedly dis-
co\crcd that many polrlrclnns. who

 

 

 

Earn $6.+ per Hour
This Summer
Jobs available on Long Island

Interviews to be held on:
Sunday, May 8
2:00 pm.
LC 23

 

 

BLIMB THE
T0 SUGGES

Air Force ROTC can give
more value to your college
years and help you pay tor
your schooling at the same
time. You can compete for a
two. three. or tour-year Air
Force ROTC scholarship that
will pay you $100 a month
and pay tor your tuition.
books and lab lees. too.

Plus. there's tllght tnetructl
for those who quality. a com

nant after graduation. then
responsibility and challenge
in an Air Force Job.

The list goes on. Che R It out.
S at r -

It
«a

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
 
 
   

mission as a second Itoute

  

 

 

 

    
    
 

  
   

powerful leaders reiish,the 'dea of
slipping into a private roo _ . being
told they‘ve been 'a “Bad Boy.” being
ordered about rind being threatened

I with a spanking.

STATE FUNNY FARM

Insurance policy'claims do not
always make dull or morbid reading.
State Farm lnsurarice'ot'ticials say
that some insurance claims make
pretty good comedy material. State
Farm reports. for inst once. that one

    
    

H ' . . r, |
I: '|' " ""‘V‘t‘hlllil r .
clatmnnt wrote that he needed coni-
pcnsalion iiltcr he attempted to drive
his tr rick undcr‘ ii bridge and it
didn't til.

I licn tltcrc was the on ‘ about the
man who said he backed his car
across a parking lot and into a store
bccmisc ol soliircncrgy. l'hc mniicx-
plriirtcd iii his claim that the car had
been in the sun so lorigund absorbed
st) much energy. lic coiildn‘l control
ll.

P.B.B. POISONING

Mullir'r ./(Jill‘.\' magazine warns
that the serious l’. ILB. poisoningin-
cidcrits in thc state oi Michigan are
\L'l‘)’ likely to havc tiicir ellccts lclt
ruttionwrdc. llic lnctdcnts begun
tlu‘cc years ago when a chemical
company thCIthIIltlli) Intxcil cuttlc
Iccd \t'rth it piritcrlirl cancer-anti
birth tlclcct—catlsrng compound
known as I'.li.ll. ltcccnt rncdrcul
tcsts intlic statclrrircloirndthitt high
proportions til humans who t‘ttll-
stirnctl l’.ll.li.-conirrrtilnalcd tncal.
lr.i\c l’.ll.li in their tissues. \\|lll un-
srrtc lcicls commonly cr opprug up in
tlic llIIll\ ol nursingI rrrotlicrs. ()nc
doctor who stuilrcd llll‘) Michigan
Icsitlcnts \thrr iitc scvct'cly cott-
tamtiiritcd meal ltttllltl :id\crsc
health including abnor-
malities oi the nervous system.
rritrscirlwskclctril changes arid
gastro—rntcstiiinl ilrllrctrltics,

Despite these findings. .lIitf/it'l‘
.lorri'i says. l'. ll. ll. “Will is not being
wrthilriiwn lr'orn sale; rrtslcitd. lllt.‘tli
\vith \\ but are called “salc low-levels"
has reportedly bccnsoldto ll rtiimhcr
ol other states. and hmcvcn hccncx-
portcd to Canada. According to thc
tnngit/itrc. "tow lcicl“ meat that
looks unsightly to butchers is simply
ground rip and sold as hamburger or
ltot dogs. rl/tlllr't‘l' Jonar adds that
larrncrs have complained that “low-
lcvcl herds. approved for sale recent-
ly. include those with ulcerated
tiddcrs. cattle too weak to stand. a
cult tluit dropped dead on the scales
and others with sores outing pass."

The magazine says that one reason
the l‘cdcrul Uovcrnmcnt might be
slow in Iriovirig against low-level
l’.ti.lt. meat is iliat Health. Educa-
tion and Welfare Secretary Joseph
Culiluno was an attorney who
represented chemical companies in-
volved in milking P.B.B. just before
Culiliino accepted his HEW rip-
pnintriicnt.

cllccls.

PAGE SEVN '

  
 
  
    
      
  
  
    
      
   
   
     
   
   
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
    
 
 
   
 
 
   
    
     
   
     
     
      
     
      
     
        
    
       

 

       
    
       
    
     
    
   

  
   
 

     
   

   
  

 
    
 
  
   
   
    
  
  
 
 
 
  
   
   
  
  
 
  

  
  
  
  
    
    
  
  
 
  
    
   
  
 

      
    
 
  
  
   
  
 
 
   
 

    
    
   
  
  
    
   
  
   
  
   
   
  
   
 
 

   

