 

.“ You know something? [think you are treating me itlittle
. differently than all the'otheij'reporters. I mean just because

Put a girl doesn‘t rneunthat I have to practice layout with you r
I all the time. And all that stuff about how to get on top are.

. story and all. I mean_really., _ _ , g V
_ I So you want to make merhcndtypist. Honey. l'ciin't type.
.‘So' you want to make nie' managing editor? Just whose
business will I be managing? ' » I i‘  '
'In conclusion. I want to wiiy that lrcally don‘t think I can
ﬁt into your organization. I just don't buy that line thiit I'm
not a hard nch person but just chock full of soft features.
Not one bit. Really. I‘m just not thiit kind of girl. Really.
I‘ - I.ovc‘. Flo
(Model for “(iREA'l‘ES’l'HI'I‘S.“)

t

1 Requirements

Deui' editr:
as a hio~kcni inngor. igotta object from a few things i see
hear. what i talk bout isdisibutioii requicerinments.iscc kno
reason \i'hntl'orever for me. a hio-kcm magor. to be l'orscd to
take a iiotliersujcet. stieli as engish. I like to take bio with all
the ncet spei'inients we do and all the tidder things. whom i
gotta tulxeeugisli lor‘! you noeaii discet bees or ntilliiiig there.
so what )IISL' has it for ine‘.’ in konkltisiou. i wotild like to say
that by Ior\iiig me to takcsiiiecisidoni wanna tnkeiind dont
men need tor reel lilc is jest not rite!!!
bio-kein magor

Puhic Policy

" Dear liditor:

Knowing the deep concern voiced by members of the
administration over the poor utilization of the Campus
Center third lloor. I would like to propose the following:

Ihal ilie third tloor. which is almost vacant Friday and
Saturday nights. be converted into a brothel.

i know I’AS has been griping about profit slippage. and
this is a sure way of picking-up some extra cash. It could be
tictl into the freshmen co—cd workstudy program. We could
also invite local legislators to participate as part of the
University‘s new emphasis on Public Policy.

lf'you need any help selecting co-eds. please feel free to
contact me.

Mike Ardan

 

Go Fuck Thyself:

, Dear Editor: i' t

I am distressed at what you print in your paper. It is
distressing to say the letist. What really distresses me the most
is your inclination to repeat things. You always print stories
on DNA. Marc Ilenecke and tires. I always seecither a fire. or
Henccke or'DNA on the front page. Really. it distresses me
that stories on tires. DNA. and Benecke always appear.

Really. it does. Distress me. I mean.

You repeat yourself very often and lam getting really tired
of it and it is distressing that these things distress me so. lam
sickof it. Really.
' Distressed

Brick Red Mad

V Dear Editor:

I wiinnii complain about the lack of an academic major in
brickluying. liricklayiug used to be a very important
profession before the sugar prices went up. then it Went down
the drain. -

liut. while all those fools major in accounting or go to law
school. i have the trtie perspective on life. Bricklaying will be
the thing for the future. you just wait and see. All those
accounting majors will be out of a job. and lawyers will be
selling apples on Washington Avenue. while the bricklayers
ol the world will he building all kinds of neat things.

When this country smartens tip. which will be soon I hope.
they will build green brick walls instead of hedges. brick
desks l'oi' oilices. brick l'ii'c-liydrauts. brick dogs.

1 am also researching the possibility of making brick hecr
glasses. telephones. colitpasscs. underwcarni *‘ ~ uow»concs.

You may laugh at these things. btit tl" \ .. distinct
possibilities. I know. because that is what the liioiogy
Department is really researching. and all the while everyone
thought it was recombinant DNA. Ila! I say Ho! and double
llal that is just a trout.

liricklaying will return as a major profession and if this
University considers itself its ll progi'essiie mecca of higher
education. then it will be essential to add this academic
major.

In closing. I would like to say that. latiin if you will. but
they laughed at the Polish immigrants to Vietnam (maliin
because they looked silly). they laughed at lidison when he
told everyone that he was changing his first name from ’l'oni
to Con. and they laughed when they came out with the plastic
tuxedo. So let them laugh. Ha Ha. i will have the last laugh
when the briekliiyers inherit the earth.‘

ligor Noraiutis

Continued on page 4

 

 

. min by th '
ay StudIM'Prdl Corporation. .

 Ionian Hedda.

'5 toasted Marshmallow Court Jesters
Tit-"lone Radon Mutt Coxsockia, Corlo Bernstein
Kunto Gr. nltoin, Stlvvod Vincent, Jackie Gleason,

‘ rnlo, Eel Morey, Anita Unlerwuter,
Pogl Ronnerontz, Dave (“The Cat") Guildenstern

‘ Arts and Crotti

More Unkind , Horse’s Arts
Dorothy and Toto Ponios' Arts
Alon Alpo. lindo Friedrlca, Mott Collin,
Clivo Barnes, Brookl Atkimon. Woltor Kerr,
Miguel DeCervontos, William Shakespeare

DistortingColu‘mns, Writing letters, Conditioning Dogs
Grog Pavlov

Snorts
Mike Piotoco Umpire
' Eddie Empothy Field Judge
Christini Cellini, Andy Brimstone, Kori Hum, Trying owl

Proerocition Department
Perpetual Grin Barking
Phillor Filler Growling
Sally Ann Breaker Ono-Nine, Koren Cooperative,
loslio Frankenstein. Chief Toni, Joyce Feelieloetum
lrene Firmonjuicy, Debbie Koptoel, Vicki Voporuh
Jail Levitation. lousy Marksman. Struts McPherson,
lonet Meuniere Sauce, Debbie Rigorous. Meg Polomt
loan Silverbullet. lourio Studywell, Sharon Szyliititnn
Kimmolo Tummolo, louro Valkyrie

Organized Crime Department
Mo and Po Barker Advertising Mongleis
ionto Faithful Companion Mtinqlt-i
ligbttingers D'Artognon Chief oi Covert Optrioiunu
Carol Caress Dirty Tricks
Ellon Excellent Hoyroll
Dovid Fillerup Coded Musioges
Mark Boelzebub losing things
Bill Bella Gutowuy Driver
Amy Rosiecheeks Lookout
Claudio Cordinole Blockmotling
Antonio Weiss Highway Patrol

lrikie-Dinktes
lliiet Almusl, Frank Van Gogh, Rick Rorkwr,-il

Miscellany
Icocreom Kohn Horoscopes
Mruuy lVI‘lII'lIi’iV litidtng Gossip
ltirly i'lilliittJ li-lloig lt
rim" turnout.- tum-r lrmo
Reta-('ch sailayaio'uv Oscar's Keeper
Kcvrn Railroad Bor Cor Relreshmenii
Tony lossorrossorrolto lens Wiping
Ellun Bottoriborry Coinme
loll Horonorurowilz Fertilirer
Audi Fox, lorroine libertine, Ben Altered, Joni-t Wm vii-i
Wendy BoddL-down Post Mortenis
Sandy Robinson Crusoe Vivtscclmns

Peanut Gullury
lricky Dcin Gonzo Spiritual Admin
.Dovr-y learned Spiritual fttlvlbnt inn 
Sinlhia Arinunin Groupie
Snark Snake

ibis Awlully Stupid Moss is published regularly to 'I pm I'm
university community Then, once a your, on Aplll in. i
publish a collection at straight, loctuol, atlululr- pun. .

journalistic reporting Ilinl't what you’re rend-nil  1.

Established Wlb thlnrutl dulunci in I'illil, Ruvlw‘tl |//‘. for

old time's stiku Disclorutl lttIlIklUpl June I, I’N/ ili'r'l n .r
Kuup lhoso (coils and letters, lolks'
i\Itn it Murrlotli FOR SALE

 

 

 

 

Phypher

I Hléé
P9605? T
FORD. M

 

JIHHYCAETER HE'S A’ orato-
iwiitimss W5 ‘i’THOf’
ME . t A ‘l

' \

ill?

5%.

On"

a) i
an; 
HERO .?

\ \

R

I LOVE? nor
WIS. ((01229
I

,g.

By Maximilien Robesmlerre f

Former Cinss..oi‘j‘7ii [inside-1t Marc Bankroll will b?
executed tonight in a briefbut tasteful ceremony at Page
Hull. V

Bunkroll has been ordered to pay full restitution for his
actions while president by agreeingtotbis benefit beheading.
which is expected to net the Class of ‘78 at least $3000.

The Class of ‘78 has made arrangements in rent SUNYA‘s
Louis XIV deluxe guillotine. combining a space-age telion
non-stick cutting edge with that aristocratic look so sought
after in today‘s sterile society.

“It will add to the richness of the evening." said present
Class of ‘78 President Tim Burdened. “Also it won‘t cost
much because we will be time-sharing it with ‘Emmct the
'l‘crrible.‘ who will be using it to hack the Nursing and
Environmental Studies programs."

Burdened expects a great demand for tickets to this
historic occasion and urged members of the Class of ‘78 to
"get them while they last.“ Burdened said that the tickets will
go on siile at the SA contact office at noon today and will he
sold at a discount to Class of‘7ll members. “'l'hosc who want
the discount must have a tax card. some form of proof that
they are Class of "Ill members and an application to Fl’l‘
|l“ashion Institute of 'l‘cchnologyl.“ said Burdened.

For those less fortunate people who will be unable to
attend the beheading. WSUA-l-‘M will broadcast it live. with
ehop by chop commentary. l'he IZCC plans to videotapetlie
mum. to be shown every half hour tomorrow in tlie Fireside
Lounge.

SUNYA President [Emmett Fields had the final decision
on the execution alter receiving a recommendation from the
Uniiersity Community Council and the University Senate.

I'hough l‘ields said that he wasn't morally opposed to the
execution. he did object to the iitctliod. After rejecliiig the
suggestion to clecti‘ocutc liankroll (“It'll cost us too iitticli in
electric hills"). the laxun president compromised with the
guillotine.

“I‘rankly boy. oh pree-l'errcd a liangin‘.“ said Fields. “Back
home in 'l exits. we all would get together fer a Sunday picnic.
shoot some ‘gaiors an‘ enjoy a good liangin'. Ali loves a good
liangin‘. We‘d all git on our Sunday sheets an' look for EOI’
students."

Burdened. however. rejected this method. “The guillotine
is more provincial." he said. “More was always an
extravagant person and we felt that this method would be
fitting.“

"Shoot." said limmet the 'I‘crrible. spitting a chaw of
tobacco into his symmetrical spitoon. “Ali guess the
guillotine is OK. but liangin‘s are so much more fun."

Many local and national dignitaries will be in attendance
tonight. SUNYA celebrities will include Dean Neil
“Inspector Clouscau" Brown. SA President Steve the
Mellow. and Department of Public Safety Directory (iunner
Williams (“We should‘vc shot him")

Among the national and internationalcelebrities expected

Budget Fl

 

A nother A lbany building
ﬂare-s up in the face of
countless code violations,
leaving thousands of state
workers office-less.

 

liy Nero Fiddler

llic South Mall burned down yesterday.

llie Mall caught fire when a SUNYA intern attempted to
sum the executive state budget and it swept through the
iniilii-hillion dollar structure. hurtling it too perverbial crisp.

Albany City l’ire Marshall Rick Mickman said that an
iiiicstigution ivould commence immediately into the fire. As
Miekniaii spoke. local CSIEA officials shouted him down,
saying that the fire had beenti plot todeletcjob lines from the
stale payroll and then “move the capitol to 'l‘roy where Carey
says it belongs." v

'Meanwhilc. Albany Effective Cotilitioti members held a
news conference before the white marble skelgtal remains to
charge that the mall had not had a Certificate of Occupancy
and that the elevators would iint work. They also lambasted u

are Ban?

 

 

 

to attend are (iovcrnor Hugh Carey. Commissioner of
[Education liwald Nyquist. Miss Lillian. Erastus Corning.
Ronald Reagan. George Wallace. ldi Amin. Horace ('lurkc.
Abe Heamc and Pat Me(ilyiin.

'l'he cvetiiiig promises to be one of a festive nature. and
classy too. It will be a scmi~formal affair. with pre-execution
liors d'ocurves‘ being served by the i’atrooit Room Lounge.

“Alter ilie show. we" have an extravagant party. lust for
old time‘s sake." said llurdcned.

A warm-tip torture will open up the evening. The Alumni
Quad Board will be ripped apart by two CD'I'A buses. E.
Ntii'b”SliaI/a hm will be forced to drink Coke from it bottle
and two accounting majors will be given the impossible task
of niiditittg the SA books on stage.

“It should be a profitable as well as entertaiitingevening."
said llrown. lirown tilsosaid he preferred that inattersofthis
sort be kept within the university's jurisdiction. "Yeah." he
said.

Steve the Mellow said that he will be looking into this
matter carefully. “You see. after i first heard about the
proposed execution. I didn‘t like the idea." said the Mellow.
“No sircc. not at all. Then l talked with my administrator
friends who I trust dearly. They convinced me that what was
going on was the best for Marc.the cause of higher education
and America." he said.

“I love America. the SA president continued. “Golly. it‘s
such a neat country. To think that only in a country like this
can we find so many people from so many different ethnic
hackgroiitids getting together to watch the same execution."

The Mellow secs potential in holding future beheadiitg

 

benefits. “(iolly yes." he'stiid.y., ' e.'o‘h wo y . ectin
do the same to Parking and raise’some money for. ‘
l'ieldliouse!" ' ‘ ' ' i, V i ’ r ' '

“Wouldn‘t that be hunky-doryl" the SA presideni added "
excitedly. “We can add it into Telethon." - _ r '

The decision to execute 'Ba’nkroll was a complicated
process. ’ j r
‘ “Well. we built up some kind of distant! he was supposed
to appear in court. but he didn‘t show up.‘“ said Williams}

“We then called up his plitce of Work. but they said he
didn‘t show up that day.“ > A -

Williams said that Hunkroll had agreed to meet with his
lawyers for consultation tinder the Brooklyn Bridge. 

“He did n‘t show up." said attorney Alden Allcr ofthe firm
Rosencrantl and Blumenstein. ‘

The next step was to hire a private investigator to figd .
liunkroll. ‘ '

“We put a tail on him." said Investigator Private.
"Monday we showed tip. but he didn‘t show up. Tuesday he
showed tip. biit \ve tooled hint and we didn‘t show up.
Wednesday it rained. so we both stayed home and listened to
the hallgame on the radio."

"bankroll finally surfaced on Dutch Quad last week trying
to peddle hairspray.

“We lound the bum alright.“ said Albany County District
Attorney (irecn Solbcrg. “Sellin‘ those hairspray things - l
thin' that's a little AC—DC lilysL 

lamkroll was then brought before Judge llangiti‘ chgan
of the Albany Police Court. who simply made a thumbs-
tlthll motion and handed hitn over to a grinning (iuniicr
Williams.

The decision on disciplinary measures to be taken against
llankroll was handed over to Pat litwooka nitd her University
Community Council Vigilaiilcs (nicknamed University
Crime Ci" shots) [or a rectiniiiiciidation.

“Well.' .aitl lia/ooka. "we l'igui’ctl.iiw hell. il tiicy can get
away with it with that (iilinore character. why not at
SUNYA"! After all. we are in the state capitol and this should
serve as a deterrent." .

the execution proposal was then seitt iii the torm ol a
recommendation to Fields. who smiled and accepted it.

"Ilar bar,“ he is said to have replied. "Yup."

llie only opposition to the execution came from
Assemblyman Bruce Wayne oi lirooklyu who said that he
didn't like it one bit.

“i don't like it one bit." he said.

l‘icldS.Sili(.l that the ptibliciiy of the execution should be
beneficial to SUNYA. “ll gtiesjes' perfect with inah vicwson
public policy.“ he said. ~

liarring snowstorm. the execution is slated lor tonigltt at
il:tlll p.m. Special buses will be provided between Page llall
and the uptown caniptts. according to the Class of ‘78.

liaiikroll would not comment on his execution. nor would
he say anything about his plans lor the future.

ares Mall ' To A Crisp

wood tire escape in the Stonehcdge 'l'ower Building which
had been donated by the City of Albany Inst y no as a gesture
of goodwill from downtown merchants before they moved to
Colonic.

(.‘oalilion member Carmen (ihia said state workers had
been trained how to panic in case of fire. but they forgot to fill
the reflecting pool and jump into it on this occasion.

SUNYA students injured were all rushed to Albania
Central Medical. but finding it staffed by SUNYA pre-meds,
they headed to the inl'irmary where Nurse Bess 'l‘. Ality said
all had been fed cepacol. American chop suey. and injected
with ll swine flu shot.

Suffering burns and paper cuts were Abe Acroncnuf.
Barry Berry. Anita Halinjob. Ira Zippcrinun. Rupert
Raggio. and IJCllllllc Stabsky.

Sinbsky said she had thought aboutjurnping when smoke
curled up to her littekiiboo. but tbrougli her excellent training
of going to sleep when fire drills went off and not being able
to fit through windows stopped her.

“It was awful." said Stabsky. "The firemen were drinking
froin their hoses and it looked like they had guns. And whcnl
screamed. one said you must have mistaken me for someone
who really gtive ii shit."

(iovcrnor Huge-Carey and Legislative lenders Stan The
(int and Warming Anderman appetired on the scene at one
o‘clock by the gongs. waved bye-bye and were last seen
driving to Joes to split a chicken salad without “de mayo."

SA Pres. Steve DiMented also appeared on the scene but
would not say anything until aid Rich Nurdberg whispered
itito his teddy beer‘s ear. DiMented said. “this is just one

 

 

The South Mall In Flames

more shining example of executive negligence." He then

grabbed a nearby packet of firecrackers and started tothrow

them into the fire until goosed from behind by Nurdberg.~ “
DiMented said SA would not try to buy up the stoic"

property to put student dwellings on the site and again 3h iv

the city of Albany that “we are serious about staying

town."

 

 

 

