  
  
 
 
 
   

.Fw

   

“Zr;

   

wage”

 
 
 

4cm”.

 

   
   
  
  
    
  
 
     
   
  

 

a

I! CHARLES BELL
The university‘s tenure and nemesis system.
“although tbé W of may isms dim amt“. its:
jproccss that is unfamiliarto many. In   sum

procedure are aware of the sysaem in oil. Vesvmbetcsx
tenure. ofﬁcially knostn as ‘umtinaing emnntm‘.
and promotion  pinyin vital role in sham the
academic character of the l‘mv-eisxty. Thjmimmems
affect all academic demarcation and‘ eve-rt an
important inﬂuence on the quality of teaching.

Both promotion and continuing appointment cases
an: judged following the procedures outlined by the
Senate by—laws Each case is reviewed at three luck
departmental. collegiate and a body ofthe Unit-ersin
Senate. the Committee for Promotion and Continuing
Appointment. The ultimate decrsion is in the hands or
the University President.

A faculty member comes up tor tenure
automatically during the sixth year of employment
for assistant professors. instructors. associate and
assistant librarians. Professors. associate professors
and librarians are considered during their second year

Before the review procedure begins. the candidate is
required to provide a ma. or an academic resume that
includes any biographical intormation that might have
a bearing on the case. The ma becomes part or the
tenure file. which is a compilation or evidence on which
all recommendations are based. “\\ e not only proceed
with a lull academic vita." said Robert Donovan. an
English professor and ntember of the Committee to:
Promotion and Continuing Appointment. “But u:
also have a variety ot recommendations and
confidential letters. Very often ACT scores are given "

The candidate being considered has the option of
appearing before the review committees and making a
bricfprcsentation on his own behalf. At no other time
may th'CilndldillC be present duringthe proceedings

l‘he'by-laws of the University Senate not only
outline thg procedure. but also the criteria by “inch
dccisioris‘orqto‘lb: made. Hve guidelines are suggested.
They are effectiveness in teaching. mastery ot the
subject matter. ability as a scholar. eﬂectiyeness of
University service. and continumg growth.

“We‘re not looking for mere competence." said
Todd \liles. a‘student member ot the CPCA.
“Moreover. \vc’reJooking tor innovators in the field."
Professor Donovan commented. “i look for evidence
of distinction in teaching. scholarship and service."
Also suggested as a guideline is the consideration of
“the ratio within the department of faculty wuh
continuing appointment to faculty with term
appointment." This is included to help prevent the
possibility of the department becoming "tenured in“.
\\lllCll \\ould inhibit tlu1dity and change. Naturally.
this consideration is given more weight at the lower
levels of revieu. \\ here a stagnated department \\ould
be of direct consequence.

All tenure and promotion decisionsgothroughthree
stages ol review. At the first level IS the Initial
Academic Review Committee. which is made tip of
members of the candidate’s department. l ltcgvidencc
contained in the tenure tile is examined and a general
vote is taken. usually at a department meeting. A
simple majority is required for a
recommcndation. btit in cases \\ here the vote is
extremely close. the committee may decline to pass
judgement either nay. The case then goes to the
department chairman. who comes to his own
conclusion based on the tenure file and the
recommendation ot the Initial Academic Review
Committee. Wltilejtidgements are made at all levels. a
decision is in no way botiiid to a previous
recommendation.

The next stage of review is at the school or college
level. A body called tlte Subsequent Itcadenue Review
Committee is detttocratically chosen from the
candidate's particular college. The job ol this
committee is tttucli the same as that ol the Initial
Academic Review Committee. but they have at their
disposal not only the tenure file btit also comments and
decisions made at the departmental level. Once a
decision has been reached by the college level
committee. the Dean considers the evidence for a
recommendation. Once again. this decision is
independent of the prccceding ones. and the comments
become part of the tenure file.

At this point the review reaches the Cl’CA. l‘ltis

"yes"

 

Lbody is a committee of the University Senate. and its

PAGE 2A

I‘d; L’tiJﬁi‘l

  

other than those whole-ye Nadine-city initiated satin: _

    . .. 

Democratic Decision-Making.

mm are marinated by the Senate‘s Executive
Committee. for approval by the Senate as a whole.
there its mom for [4 members on the CPCA. two
 tno graduate students. nine faculty
 and one ex officio (non-voting) member. the
Ma“ l‘tessient for Academic Affairs. In nominating
misma- to serve on the committee. the Executive
(Bromine: "2'13 to strike a balance between Senate
meat-then and non~Senate members. The Cl’CA is
chews on: yearly basis and meets weekly throughout
the academic year. Like the decision—making

committees that proceed its work. the CI’CA makes a-

tecoazimendation on a majority vote. At the present
time. three or the committee's l4 positions are vacant.

hmély the matter is brought before the President.
uni malts the final decision on the candidate‘s
promotion or continuing appointment.

Even :i the President's decision is negative. the
candzdate does have ;i recourse. Should some new
:‘\‘xt5i‘l'ie‘: .inse lhdl the candidate feels might shed new
sight on the case (such as the publication of a new
boob. he may ask for a reconsideration. The
reconsideration process begins during the academic
year 141:! iollovis the original review. This would
normale be ths last year ol an untenured faculty
members appointment.

During the IVS—"b academic year. Jl promotion
cases and ‘3 cases tor continuing appointment were
By examining the recommendations. it
becomes cndent that the lower levels of review are
more lenient an their consideration than are the upper
icsrzs The \\ illingness to pass a "yes" recommendation

75" 1:“ CC

  

  
 
  
   

   

Robert Dpnovan, Engllsh Protessor “m
and member of CPCAI

appears to become less with each successive lcicL |n
the' departmental committee. 9l% of tenure candid
and 94% of promotion candidates Were given an
affirmative recommendation. By the time tltcsc L'tlscs
reached the CPCA. however. approvals had tlttippud
off considerably. to 55% and 48% respectively lhc
cases were even less likely to meet with approval ll'om
the President. Once explanation suggcslcd fill in].
discrepancy is that the lower levels would mon- llkc‘h
be personally involved with the candidates \\lllli‘
upper levels would scethc candidatemorcobit-t |i'~cl\

lliesc ligfircs. however. are last year‘s. and Hit
results cannot be construed as a general rule \o
decision cart be strictly black and white. and llllltll
iiitist be lclt to personal discretion. l'rcnds t‘.lll t litinuc
as lrequcntly as do the memberships o! the L'tllllllllllt'l't
tn\olicd. As one ('l’CA nicnihcr pointed out "\oll
have to remember. last y 'ar's committee and flu» .. .ti‘.
committee are l\\() dilfcrcnt things."

ales

PIRG vs. the Corps of Engineers

By J.M. REILLY

in :he tall of l975. Kevin Doyle entered lowa State
'tniversity intending tabefome a playwright. Last
month he was here at SUNYAchallenging the Army
Corps ot Engineers t  —
whatsoever the public will receive" from the Corps'
latest Mississippi River project. Locksand Dantdlbat
Alton. lllinots.

So \ih.tt happened to writing plays? “I ttirncd
political." explained Doyle. “As a freshman. I looked
tor something to do. something outside the purclv
academic sphere." So hejoined Iowa PlRG. worked 
an intern tor a summer. and was elected local'board
chairperson. In January. he landed a job its a
temporary staff lobbyist for PlRG. left school. and
started working on the Corps project at Alton.

PIRCis. includitty VYPIRG. have allied themselves
with conservation and other tinti»dam groups from all
0\ er the country to do battle \\ itli the Pro-dam Corps.
\\ inch is backed by the powerful Waterways Lobby.
This lobby consists of large oil. coal and grain
corporations. the barge industry. river valley chambers
of commerce. and "pork barrel“-conscious
Congressmen. The battle \\ill be fought oii three fronts:
polities. economics. and the environment.

“Politically. it's a question of power: the Corps of
Engineers and \\"aterways Lobby vs. the Department
of Transportation." said Doyle. The DOT has no
authority oier either the Corps of Engineers or the
barge industry. the only ittajor arm of the national
transportation network to enjoy such autonomy.

'l he economics of the issue are sottiewhat striking.
.\l| construction. repair and maintenance costs of
barge waterways are passed on to the taxpayer. to the
tune of $300 ntilliott a year. while the barge industry
uses these \\ atcrways toll free. The new lock and dam 1ft
Alton will cost $400 million. also to be paid by
taxpayers. The Corps calls the new dam a “tieCess’ari
reconstruction“. to “relieve congestion“ at lock “Id.
1 he new system will handle fotir times tltc traffic of the
old one. “It's a $400 million boondoggle." says Doyle
“Where will the extra traffic go. unless they replace-the
rest of t he locks‘.’ This could cost anywhere front six to
ten billion dollars. 'I lie increased traffic would also put
pressure on the railroads. vital to thc rtiral Midwest
“When the railroads can't compete with the barge
rates. the government will have to subsidize them as
well." says Doyle. ‘

ltnvironnicntiilly. the project will disrupt the natural
habitat ol wildlife. destroy vegetation. and eventually
lead to eiitropliicution ofthe river and its surrounding
waters. The Mississippi will be it (lead river. a 760 mile
long barge ‘tinal.

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

llhlJldl A A UJ|L\\<\\I t l; A "la‘L‘JLkr.

   

.

 

Essentially. the Army Corps of llltlllitl'h.
supported in Washington by the Waterways l olilit. n
determining transportation. economic. llltl
environmental policy for a large portion oi lll"

. on any direct beneﬁtsk“ country. Most tilitl=dam groups favor regulatttw .ti

Waterways projects and the barge indttslt'\ :i in.-
l)()'l. .

“The people wltoare fighting locksand darn i i.-
it as a place to takea stand. to forcca reassessnit vi' '. »i
only of this project. but of the cumin in
environmental. and political aspects of Corps ptw a I~
in general.“ said Doyle.

Doyle is presently on the upstate leg ol a spot: in:
tour of SUNY schools. Two weeks ago he \Ptlr..
schools in the New York City-New Jersey itlt'J .llltl
earlier this year lobbied in Washington on rhi-
“economically and environmentally unsound n.ni.:.v”
of the Mississippi project. After Connecticut .il.«
Massachusetts. he'll head back to Washington Int "I:
“Dam l’iglttcrs Convention". at get-together oI .l‘ it
danimers scheduled just before Congress is \itll .1 to
vote on funds for locks and daitt #26.

Doyle has been lobbying and speaking on lilt' |.r-1
coast since January. He finds student and jllllllli
reaction to be “about what lexpcctcd. [Each region ms
its own parocltialism. and sometimes it‘s hard in .J
PCOPIC fired up over goings-on on the Mississippi " II.
doesn't blame this on any lack 0|
soPhistication on the part'of Easterners. “It's lu“
matter of different priorities.“ he said.

lit Washington. Doyle said he felt "li'nstin ..
l‘vcnuse Congressmen don‘t “ml! to hear the \ ntii. -
trees of an issue. they want to know how ll \\ l? t"
tlicir coiistitticncy. As it lobbyist. \on'tt- cut
approach them from this anglcf: I j

“9 WC“! most of his time talking to lltc u.-
aiccessible staffmembcrsofCongrcssmen (“,\n_\ ilL t:
cart get to astaffcr . . .").“Stafl'pcople cttnrcall'. l.
or hurt you. A legislator just doesn‘t lta\c um»
lainiliari/c himself with every issue. so he dL'PL'lltl‘
an“ll-'tlgt.‘llhlt.‘ staff member's informalion .th ml
when he makes many of his decisions."

_ “mic is encouraged by the media c\po\lll‘~
issue has received. attd feels the new adnitntstmnoi ‘ -
created a favorable climate for public interest tlL ll . .2

I" MUN”. He will return to Iowa l'lll\‘ct.\ll_\ ill in. i..
a)s a second semester sophomore. and will stay tlLll\L h
‘l. lR-(i for the remainder of his stay at Iowa fly I. w
actiVisnt isn‘t dead. it's just bccofne oigtiiii/cd 
cxpanded its borders to include pcoplt: our. :.
student ottlllllltlnily. pump. arc mum”! 1“ mm]. ..
lhlllgs can be changed. with a little tll'glllll/tiltilh iii-v.
determination."

l

piilduo

APRIL 15, 1977

 

 

 

 

    

   

 

 

(DNA  

c The Great Debate

By LAWRENCE PEROT .
On Wednesday. March 16. I977 an unusual
happening took place. A program was presented on
television which corresponded to the everyday reality
in which you and I live. {1‘ his show was anepisode of the
award-winning scientific series Nova broadcast on
channel 17 Public‘ Broadcasting System. This episode
was entitled “Gene Engineers" and dealt with
recombinant DNA research of the type soon to begin
here at SUNYA. This review attempts to show that
certain mass media experiences can be relevant in our
aily lives and that the recombinant DNA research at
Albany State ought to be examined very closely by
members of the university and the community before
we accept the decision from on high to implement the
program.

Across the nation a controversy has arisen about the
nature ofa particular type of biological research being
conducted by universities and private industry. As one
might expect it is at the centers where this research has
begun or is scheduled to begin that the conﬂict has
come to the fore. Albany is no exception as various
groups at the University and in the community have
started to question the safety ofthe recombinant DNA
research facility tentatively planned for the university.
The government on both the State and national levels
has moved quickly. if unsurcly. to establish
preliminary legislation providing for a system of
safeguards. The Secretary of Health. Education. and
Welfare Joseph Califano made an important policy
statement on April 6. indicating the posture of the
Carter administration: “I understand that legislation in
this area constitutes unusual government involvement
in the workings of basic science but the potential risks
inherent in present recombinant DNA techniques
justify such a measure at this time.“ At SUNYA such

By lLENE WEISS
“In Defense of the Moonics" was the topic for
discussion led by Dr. Herbert Richardson on
Thursday. March 24, in the Albany State University‘s
Chapel House.

Richardson. a visiting professor of religion at the
Unification Church's Theological Seminary in
Barrytown. New York was invited by the Chapel
House to defend the religious doctrines of Sun Yung
Moon‘s movement and the Uniﬁcation Church.

Despite the opposition encountered by Richardson
by members of the University community he began his
dissertation by presenting what he believed to be
relevant topics for discussion in a question and answer
format.

In regard to the academic qualifications of the
institution. a television reporter pointed out that the
New York State Senate unanimously voted to delay
the Unification Church‘s Theological Seminary from
receiving any form of accreditation as an educational
institution.

The basis for this delay is the US Congress and
Justices” investigation of the Unificiation Church's
affiliation with the Korean. Clutural Freedom
Foundation and Sun Yung Moon‘s questionable
political activities in the United States.

When asked for comment, Richardson inferred that
he has had no previous knowledge ofthis matter. He

moment ago." ~ ' ‘
Richardson went on to discuss what the Unification

Church hoped to accomplish in their religious
doctrines. He then asserted. “the Church’s first
puiposc is that they want to unify all religions."

A sophomore at Albany State. Rob Balglcy. shouted
in defense. “If this is yotir purpose. how do you expect
to accomplish this by making propaganda statements
such as six million Jews died in Nazi Germany as an
indemnity for the death of Christ?" I

Richardson. seemingly startled by Bulglcy‘s direct
rec-ital of a Unification doctrine, circumvented the
question. ' '

Richardson. in later reference to Balglcy 5 question

Albany. Jonathan Slcvin. as having said. “I would like
to think its a King of Denmark did when the Jews were
being persecuted. He wore a Star of Davrd. The

 

Unification Church is also being persecuted and 1

APRIL 15, 1977

   

Moonies..5

then replied. “You’ve just informed me of this a.

was quoted by Director of the Unification Church of

    
  
 

  
   
 
  
 

Artlst'c rendering ot‘rocomblnant plumld DNA contllnlng u- urchln gotta.

“potential risks" were carefully considered in lonely
cabals by President Emmett B. Fields and Dr. Lerman
before they made the momentous decision to go ahead
with such a program. Hence, there will soon be
operating at Albany ii P-2 recombinant DNA facility
(which we have been assured is 99.7% secure).

Currently recombinant DNA research is the ﬁeld for
prestige conscious universities and individuals seeking
to make their reputation. The ﬁeld is barely half a
decade old and is still “wide open". For a relatively
small capital investment there are promises of
tremendous potential beneﬁts. To better understand
what recombinant DNA research involves. a short.
non-technical description of the procedures is
provided. This discussion is based largely on
information conveyed in the Nova program.

The basic organism used in recombinant DNA
research is the bacterium Escherichia-coli—E.coli. lfit
is fed the proper chemicals. kept at the right
temperature. and slightly shaken a single E.coli in a
dgop of water can multiply itself 100 billion times in
one day. The E.coli gives up its genes very easily.
Detergent bursts open the microbes. spilling out their
genetic material. When a little alcohol is added the
genes can be spun onto a glass rod. This is the

toad Trial

a“...

would like to be persecuted along with them."

Richardson then moved to change the topic for
discussion to the de-programming process. Richarson
said. “Dc-programming is a method of abducting
members of religious groups and subjecting them to
wltat you might call the de-program."

De-programming is used to remove the
indoctrination of an individual by the Church.

lti further explanation of this method Richardson
stated. “People are locked up and harassed by verbal
assault." He then added. “It is a fundamental kind of
attack to freedom of religion and to the rights of an
adult person. Some believe that these people are not
normal until they are out of their religion."

Richardson went on to say that he was the ﬁrst
person to collect the actual testimonies of persons that
had been de-programmcd.

The atmosphere became tense at th_i§ point. when a
student at SUNYA. Marla Chait. began her tearful
account of her sister's own testimony. She began. “My
sister was a freshman at this University three years ago
when she joined the Unification Church. De-
programming did not work for her.“

Richardson interjecth just then by asking her
sister‘s age. Chait. obviously emotionally frustrated at
the pcttiness of his question continued, "My sister
hadn‘t read a newspaper in two years.‘My sister was a
literate person when she went in the Chuych. They
destroyed her mind. they controlled it for two years."
The room fell silent.

Chait then commented that she believed Richardson
was only giving a “one-sided" story. and demanded
that another point of view he heard. “You should have
someone here to tell them. ‘Yes I was tie-programmed.
and thank the Lord 1 was‘."

At that moment it was made known that a fomtcr
“Moonle” was indeed present. A current SUNYA
student.Terry Murray declared.“M r. Richardson. you
are now looking at a person who has been de-
programmed. Two years ago when I came to this
University ljoincd the Unification Clturch after being
here two weeks." Murray then proclaimed. “I‘ve been
dc—progrummcd. You might not want to listen to me
because I‘ve been ‘re-brainwashed‘l"

Murray then continued to recount the experiences of
a former member ofthe Church. Ray White was in the
center at Albany when Murray was a member and also
had previously been in the military establishment of

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

  
    

dioxyribonucleic acid. DNA. The critical step in the
new technology of gene transplantation involves
plasmids. The plasmid is the tiny loop of extra DNA
extracted from ' the detergent-ruptured E.c'oli
bacterium. A centrifuge separates the plasmid DNA"
from the rest ofthe DNA in the bacterium. Next a dye
and ultraviolet light allows the researcher to
distinguish the two bands of DNA. The plasmid band
is then drawn off with a hypodermic needle. The
plasmids from a different species ofbacterium are now
added to the E.ccli plasmids. A special'enzyme opens
both plasmids. The E.coli plasmids reform with
fragments from the second plasmids locked inside
them. The result is a few hybrid plasmids made of the
recombined DNA of two differentspecies ofbacteria.

The process is not yet complete. To restore the
separated plasmids to life they must be put back into
E.ccli. To do this the plasmids are added to a solution
of E.coli that has been dosed with salt. The mixture of
salted bacteria and plasmids is then taken from ice and
put into warm water. The salt and the sudden rise in
temperature make the bacteria porous allowing the
plasmids to slip inside. The few bacteria that have
ingested recombinant plasmids now contain the
continued on page 5a

1. ' ’ r
I / 

    

Sill-tilil '

the US Army for two years. Murray retortcd, “One day
he walked out because ofthe techniques. the method of
indoctrination. This was more intense than any
military indoctrination that he's ever gone through."
Richardson dwelled on the premise that Ray White
had voluntarily left the Church. He then stated. “The
fact that there is about an l8 per cent turnover in the
group every year voluntarily. is evidence that the group
does not exercise some kind of mind control." He then
went on to say. “I myself am not defending strong-
armcd conversion techniques. if they are a violation of
what might be called ‘technically free conscnt‘."

The opposition continued. Many people had left the
Chapel House at this point. Murray continued by
questioning the theology of the Unification Church.
He was referring to the scripture of the church called
the “Divine Principle".

Murray made clear. “The doctrine states that the
way to establish the kingdom on earth is through
nuclear submarine attack. This is theology we’re
talking about, that sounds military to me." Richardson
admitted. “The theology of the Uniﬁcation Church
also has a political consequence and a political
outcome. The church is through its theology
consciously and vigorously anti-communist."

Richardson then made a vague analogy of
Communism which he believed to be directly related to
materialism in the US.

Murray opposed, "It is not a religious movement. it
is a blatant. political military movement.“

The day following Richardson‘s discussion.
members ofthe Unification Church were questioned as
to their feeling about the validity of the topics
mentioned. and of the emotions proposed by the
opposition.

A member of the Church. Annie. stated that the
entire afternoon was very enjoyable. She has become
accustomed to opposition. She then commented. “I
was mainly sad at their attitudes. yet I see their side.
They twist things around. They don't understand."

When asked why she believed that opposition did in
fact exist. she replied. “I see both sides; they see only
one. There is no way they can truly understand."

 

 

PAGE 3A

MW:

 

  
 
   

 

 

 

