 

 

 

 

 

 

continued from page nineteen

All of a sudden. Albany led users:
which had scored only six points in
their previous four games. by only I l
points.

Neither team could move the ball
over the next seven minutes. With
‘Albany on their own 40. Brewington
faked left and then went up the mid-
dle 60 yards for a touchdown.
Suddenly. the team and the fans
awoke again. Leibowitz‘s fourth
PAT made the score 37-l9.

Albany increased their lead to M-
l9 on a one-yard plunge by
Mirabella. That score was set up by
Scurry‘s second interception.

Leibowitz's second 30-yard ﬁeld
goal in the fourth quarter closed out
the scoring of the game. '

Albany's head coach Bob Ford
had mixed feelings about the game.
“I was pleased with the win. as any
win is always pleasing." said Ford.
“But. we didn't execute like we
should. We weren't sharp."

The Danes coming off their two
biggest wins might have been
affected bytheir emotions. “We may
have suffered a little letdown.” said
Ford. “The team may still have been
emotionally high."

Statistically it was another good
game for the Danes. They gathered
420 total yards while holding

Dibba and Francisco Gonzales surprised llthssee’dcd Bob Lots in the
“50.000 Stockholm Open Tennis Tournament. Richardson outiasted Dibba
7-6. 3-6. 7-5 while Gonnles. a little-known Puerto lllcan. struggled through
two tiebreakers en route to a 6-4. 6-7. 7-6 triumph over Lutz.

Edwards Returns To steeiers

PITTSBURGH (AP) Safety Glen Edwards. who led the Pittsburgh Steelers
last week because he wanted more money. will return to predice‘ttﬁiay. a
team spokesman said. Edwards. a sevctryear National Footballqleague
veteran who played in the past two Pro Bowl games. walked out last
Thursday and m‘med the Steelers 2l~7 loss to Denver Sunday. 'A team
spokuman said that Edwards had met with Steelers President Dan Rooney
and agreed to return He apparently will do so under his cunent contract,
which has one year and an option year remaining.

Knicks File Suit Against Nets

NEW YORK (AP) Madison Square Garden. owners of the National
Basketball Association‘s New York Knicks. ﬁled a $3.2 million lawsuit
against the New Jersey Nets in US District Court. The suit was over
indemniﬁcation payments which the Nets must pay as part of the pro
basketball merger for the right to operate an NBA franchise within the
Knicks‘ territory. According to the papers. which were ﬁled by the Garden
against Long Island Sports. the Nets missed a 5320.“)0 annual payment
which was due Sept. l5. Two extensions. one of 30 days and one of seven
days. Were granted by the Knicks. However. the payment still has not been
received by the Knicks.

Moser Wins PBA Title

SYRACUSE. N.Y. (AP) Paul Moscr of Somerset. Mass. won his second
Professional Bowlers Association Title with a 380-pin victoryover Johnny
Petraglia in the 360.000 Syracuse Open. Moser. a left-bender. earned $6.000
for the victory 'while Pctraglia. also a lefthander. won 33.5000. Moser's
previous Victory was in the 1976 US. Open. Moser. grabbing a permanent
lead after the second round. began the ﬁnal round with a Ills-pin lead and
never was challenged.

 

   

 

 

 

 r‘zenthStraight

 

 

  

 

  
  

 

 

 
 

     
         
           
          
       
   
       
       
       
        
       
       
        
  
   
 

     

  

UPS/TANYA ANN HARVEY

Dane fullback Mike Mirabella (36) tries to elude three Cardinal
defenders Saturday. Mirabella rushed for 55 yards in Danes" win.

because he didn‘t want to risk an in-
jury and he also wanted to give
Brewingion and Walsh more playing
time.

The leading rushers for Albany
Were Mirabella with 55 yards on I |

Saturday‘s game marked the
Duncs‘ final home ttppcmmtcc
Saturday the team China‘s utII lls
rcgulrtr season All Sprmghclrl

Cttllcgc. u Divtston ll school A our
for Albany could put lllt.‘ l)i|llk'h ru

 

 

 

 

 

 

Plattsburgh to ISO yards. carries and Brewin ion with 58 NCAA l)l\l.\ltlll lll ost-wnwn
PIHOYDOI'I Named TO "I" 0" Flt“. I47 of Albany‘s yards came in the yards on five carrgics. Albany‘s play. p
NEW YORK (AP) Former heavyweight champion Floyd Patterson. Lo. air. Which setaschool record forthe leading rusher on the year Sam
Jenkins. one-time lightweight champion, and the late Chalky' Wright. who most passing yards in a game. Haliston was virtually shut oi’i'us hc thlmll"
was king of thefeatherweights. were named to the Boxing Hall of Fame. Aldrich completed ﬁve of eight only collected 43 yards on l4earries. C3“ Middle 53""
They were named on the necessary 75 per cent of 804 votes cast by sports attempts in only one half. Coach far below his 7.7 yards uvcrrtgc pcr 457'5300
writers and sportscasters in voting conducted by The Ring magazine. Ford indicated he removed Aldrich carry.

SPEHKERS FORUfll

 

 

 

 

 

 

campus Center

DEUCATESSEN

rem
at!“ .2... will "fir

it a... is 5 we.
rarest.

 

 

 

Homemade
Rye and Pumpernickel
Breads 0 Pastries

A lull llne oi
DELI SANDWICHES

Made to your order

 

PHONE-IN ORDERS
PICK-UP and TAKE-OUT
SERVICE

Catering Trays

for all your caterlng needs

. ._ ,, _
Delivery Service ' d
to your office
from 11 am. to 1 pm.
In Academlc Pod/um Area

A complete line of

Sliced Meats

 

A FULL SELECTION OF FRESH HOMEMADE SALADS AND DEUCACV ITEMS

* “mm”. it

 

presents

film star and political activist

JHNE FONDH

 

Monday, November 14

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE EIGHTEEN

Hot Pastrami Baked Virginia Ham
or Corned Beef Sandwich and imported Swiss Cheese Campus center Ballroom 8:00 p‘“"
0 “1.99/Ib.
Fresh-baked Onion Rolls Germlg";%'{:d°sm d Free mm mx card
99'/doz. 49,”; a $1.00 general publi.
W “I w 5 M“! 9 W i" W Be sure to bring your tax card!!!
as mumwnaww A [FA KWMW funded by as
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS NOVEMBER. 9. 1977

 

 

 

Gag Sets Record With 84- Yard Return

by Eddie berm

The Albany State varsity football
team scored their seventh straight
win Saturday when they defeated '
Plaitabttrgh State 47-l9 in a game
highlighted by turnovers and long
scoring plays.

The game. played under a cons-
tant drilzle at the University Field.
saw the Cardinals turn the ball over
eight times, six via Albany intercep-
tions. whilethe Danes turned it over
four times. three by fumbles. More
importantly. two turnovers for each
team indirectly led to scores.

Plattsburgh. now l-6-l. entered
the game having given up I I7 points
in their previous two outings. The
Danes started off looking like they
would add to that total considerably.

After holding the Cardinals on
their ﬁrst series. the Danes took over
on their own 29-yard line via a Ray
Gay l5-yard punt return.

0n Albany's ﬁrst play. quarter-
back Brad Aldrich pitched the ball to
Terry Walsh. Walsh then looked
downﬁeld and saw that tight end
Scott Lusher was all alone behind
the Plattsburgh defense. The reserve

quarterback hit Lusher with a pass
who carried it untouched into the
endzone for a 7l-yard touchdown
pass.

The pass was the longest pass
completion in Albany State history.
Larry Leibowitz added the PAT to
give the Danes an early 7-0 lead.

Albany increased their lead to l0-
0 late in the ﬁrst quarter when
Leibowitz kicked the ﬁrst ofiwo 30-
yard field goals. Tire three points
were set up when Albany‘s defensive
end Ed Tranholm recovered a fum-
ble on the Cardinal 14-yard line.

Albany had two other golden
scoring opportunities in the ﬁrst
quarter but a scrappy Cardinal
defense held Albany within 20 yards
of the end zone on one occasion
while a fumble prevented theothcr.

Plattsburgh managed to close the
gap to [0-6 midway through the se-
cond period. Freshman quarterback
Jeff Budka hit splitcnd Don Repolc.
who managed to slip behind the
Albany secondary, with a 63-yard
touchdown pass. The PAT attempt
failed.

At this point. both teams began

 

this week.

their leagues.

 

(.arneige-Melon.

 

Albany ruggera pile on with 0

its season Saturday sp

Weekly Lambert Rankingsl
Show Great Danes Fifth

The Albany State football team with its impressive 47—l9 win over
Plattsburg State Saturday. moved up ﬁve places in the Lambert Bowl
Rankings this week to the number five position.

The Danes werealso ranked ninth inthe entire nationin Division III

“That's fantastic." was Albany's coach Bob Ford's immediate reac-
tion upon learning of the rankings.

"It's always nice to be ranked." said Ford. “However. at this point.
the rankings don‘t really mean that much. The important thing is now
the possibility of post-season play."

Ford indicated the Danes have an excellent chance at a playoffspot
if they beat Springfield on Saturday.

On November 13. eight teams from Division III will be selected for
post-season play. The selection committee will choose one team from
the East. North. South and West and four ill-l‘dl’gC teams.

Presently. the Duties are ranked third in the East. However. ihctwo
teams ranked ahead of the Duties. Middlcbury and Delaware SL. can-
not compete in NCAA post-season pl

This week's Lambert rankings show Wcsltnimsicr at top lollowcdby
Mlddlebury. Millersvillc. Widner and Albany State winch is tied wtth

pponenta overloose ball In rec I
lilting two games with St. John e.

il)‘ because of a cornmittmcnl to

 

— E. Emerman

playing like they were sleeping.
Albany woke up ﬁrst giving
Plattsburgh a nightmare as they
scored 20 straight points in a span of
two minutes and IS seconds.

Albany made it too when running
back Sam Halision scored the ﬁrst of
his two. three-yard TD runs. capping
a 59-yard scoring drive. Leibowitz's
PAT made the score l7-6.

Again Plattsburgh failed to move
the ball and were forced to punt. The

punt came to Ray (lay on Albany‘s
l6—yard line where he momentarily
hobbled it. then scooped it up and
danced 84 yards for a touchdown.
The return set a new school record.
breaking his own record he set
earlier this year against Brockport.

The touchdown seemed ap-
propriate since on earlier intercep-
tion returned for a touchdown by
Gay was nullified by a clipping
penalty.

The Danes made it 29-6 just 38
seconds later as Huliston again
scored on a three-yard run. That
scoring drive was set up by the ﬁrst
of two Skip Scurry interceptions.

On his ﬁrst interception. he
returned the ball 26 yards to the
Plattsburgh 32. From there Aldrich
hit Haliston with a 29-yard passjust
before Haliston's TD ru r.
Leibowitz's l’AT gave Albany a
commanding 30-6 lead.

Danes Maul Cards 47-19 For Seventh‘Strershttx 
 Game Highlighted By Eleven Turnovers; if V ‘ "A " " if ‘

   
  
     
 

 

 
  

 
 
      

UPS/“MA ANN NAIVIV

Albany's place kicker Larry Leibowits booted two 30-yard field goals
and live PATe in Danes' 47-19 win over Pietteburgh Saturday.

It looked like the half would end at
30-6 but with less than one minute
left in the half. the Danes committed
one of those costly turnovers. Fred
Brewington. who replaced Aldrich
as quarterback fumbled on Albany‘s
six-yard line and was recovered by
Plattsburgh.

It took the Cardinals four plays.
but they managed to score when
lludku hit Jim Fraser with a TI) pass
as the ﬁrst-half gun sounded.

Early in the third quarter. the
Danes were pinned in their own end
and again committed another costly
turnover. This time it was Mike
Mirabella.

Mirabella dropped the ball on his
own seven where Bill Callahan
gathered it in. The Cardinals wasted
no time as Fraser scored his second
touchdown with a one—yard romp at

12:33.
continued on page eighteen

Favored Harriers Lose Tourney

by Rich Seligson

If defeat can ever be considered
positive. then the Albany State cross
country team's outing in the New
York State lnvitntionals on Satur-
day wasjust that.

The Danes. who were the favorites
of the lo team ﬁeld. came in a disup-
pointing fifth place. This marked
their worst effort of the season.

But Albany‘s head coach Robert
Musnscy saw his squad's perfor-
mance in a different light. “lt'stukcn
u lot of pressure off us." said
Munscy. “We‘ve had presssurc from
the polls and pressure lrom running
so well."

UPS/ lAN'A ANN HARVEY

eni game. The Rugby Club closed out
Their "not record was 3-4.

Polls“? What polls? Isn‘t it the
Danes' football team who is ranked?
Yes. but so are the barriers frortr
Albany State.

The Danes. a Division III con-
tender. moved up to sixth in the New
York State rankings last week of all
Division I. II. III state schools. “It
speaks a lot of you when your fellow
coaches put you in that kind of
category." said Munsey.

As for their last race. the Danes
“just hit the wall we've been cxpec-
ling to." according to their coach.
“You can't keep it up every meet."

With the exception of host
school wrnncr University Of

Rochestcr(43). who Albany had not
previously faced this season. the
Danes (164) ﬁnished behind three
schools who they already defeated
this fall Fredonia (9|). Marist
( I28). and Colgate (M4).

Noonc ran purliculary well for
Albany. Senior co-cnptain Brian
Davis run the best race coming in
l4th it. 26:55. Scan Reilly. John Lit-
tle. Mnrk Dalton. and Bill Mathis
rounded out the Dani-5' top five
scorers. respectively.

“This time the whole learn got into
the pit." concluded Munscy. “And
they just couldn‘t get themselves
out."

Ruggers Split Final Two

by Don Rossi

lhc Albany State Rugby t'lub
llil\CllL't.l to St. John's Saturday untl
lost to it tough Redmcu club 34-0.

Ilu' Rcdmcn. now b-l on the year.
scored sewn tries ugtunst the Danes.
KlCll ('lcnrv pilCL’d St John's with
three tries. Including a Sit-yttrdcr,
Rick) Hansel. Mike lhtltrscm. l'om
Srmt h and Mike lltil‘cllil also scored
for the Rctlmcn. Wayne Hoffman.
the Rcdmcn‘s kicker. added three ex-
ll'il potnls.

ln lllc “ll” game. the Danes crush-
ed St. John's 22-4. Albany's Russ
Ilnrr opened the scoring for the
Done.» on a 15-yard nm for it 4-0
lead.

Moments later. limmy l"ierlc
sprinted 47 ytttds for it score and Jim
O‘Rourke added the PA! fora 10-0

Albany llllll-lllllL' lend.

lixccllcnl passing and defense
prevailed m the second hull. With
live minutes gone in the half. Charlie
Levine burst through the defense for
a 24-yard score. O'Rourke-‘5 l’AT
made the score [6—0 in Albany's
favor.

Veteran Andy Lee cupped
Albany's scoring with a 37-yard rilll
from it quick pitch from Wenccs
Rodriguez. The I’Al mudethcscore
22-0.

Mike Itotylinno scored for St.
John‘s late in the second half on an
ll-yurd rim to ruin Albany‘s bid for
it shut out.

Saturday's gztmcs marked the end
of Albany's season. The "A" tcum‘s
record was 3-4 while the "ll" team
had a 2-4 record.

  

