  
 

    

Joacplt‘iacek. -

 7 gwtminebmmbmintﬂs

‘Weyba‘ve mattlu'ee dl‘en'for caseitean‘tbedon.We‘reforeedto
ne'facolysadvilrnakealother 
onesboﬂly‘ ‘ Zack. 'Asfaras better than droning tin whole

- I‘m-concertid._tln~clra'-look_ thing.“ -- -

The focus“ the listory depart-
 will ooneeurate ﬁrectly on

 
 
 
   

. tarantt'eisdustemonecsn

According to lack. two linesare
open in history and two
more  open wittin the last few

  on years due to retiretnem. \
Erroan  Added strenuh is “I suppose we migta lose some
also hangsougll in modernGerman junior lines. but I luve no hard word

and modern Rtusisn. according to on that.“ said Zscelc

 

 

 

 

(' , —\
Rec Center Slides Planned
__— fcbsé : 8120 pan, ColonistE-asroom , 
Feb. 7 “:30 am. Campus Center Lounge _.
5:30 p.m. Dutch Flagroom I
Feb. 8 “:30 a.m. Campus Center Lounge
5:30 p.m. Dutch Flagroom
6:30 pm. State Flagroom
Feb. 9 r‘r:3o a.m. OCA Lounge
6230 p.m. Waterbury Cafeteria
6:30 pm. Cayuga Lounge (Indian)
Feb. I4 ":30 am. Campus Center Lounge
Feb. IS “:30 am. Campus Center Lounp
6:00 pm. Colonial Flagroom
:1: Feb. I6 “:30 am. Campus Center Lounge
:5 Feb. 28 “:30 a.m. Campus Center Lounge
 l0:00 p.m.‘ Wellington Lounge
3: March l “:30 um. Campus Center Lounge
1: 6:30 pm. State Flagroom
E 6:30 pm. Cayuga Lounge (Indian)
March 2 ":30 am. OCA Lounge
6:30 pm. Waterbury Cafeteria
The Student Recreation Center Committee will be hofding a series of
slide presentations beginning Feb. 6 to inform students about the
upcoming March 7 SRC referendum. The presentations will beabout
an hour in length with SRC committee members present to ﬁeld any
bad all questions concerning the proposed recreational center.

Initiate pros-Int“ ‘ 
' recent court decision up-
holding Nyquist‘s ability to ter-

    
  
  
  
   

« minute‘the profane migld have an
r I‘M op faculty on recruit:

coming right when they are thinking
about it will have a chilling'efl'ect.”
said Fields.

"lt‘s logicalto assurnethat the lack
ofa PhD. program huadetnmemll’
effect.“ said Zscek. “Now that we've

lost the ﬁrst round. it does earn.

plicste matters.“ _

“We made one offer to a scholar.“
said Gerber. “and it was' turned
down because of our questiornble
doctorate status.” - \

Fields emphasized that the two
programs have a “very central place

‘ in any kind of education. We need’ti)

be strong there.”

“The graduate degree has come to
be the hallmark of university status.”
said Fields. “and if you want to say
what is the distinguishing difference
between rs college department of
history and a university department
of history. it adheres to its
capabilities in offering doctoral
work."

According to Commissioner Ny-
quist. there is a constant reviewing
process of the PhD. programs.

“We‘ve been reviewing the doc-
toral programs for the past two or
three years." said Nyquist. “We‘re
always open. Ifyou have viable plans
for a ﬁrst rate program. we‘re willing
to review it."

According to Fields. if the appeal
is denied. another option would be
to go before the legislature.

If the Trustees lose on allcounts. it
will take “at least a year and a halfin
ligitation." Fields said that this is
ample time to bring the departments
up to the quality and notoriety necd~
ed for graduate programs.

“At the end ofthztt buildingtime."
said Fields. “I‘ll just knock on the
C ' ‘ '5 door and say. 'Give

 

F———————cup nus CoUmP-—_-——_i

      

Present Tﬂs Coupon With You
Studs! ID. and Saw I.% on
You Nest Pasha.

Sasin Good on Regular and Sale
this Offer Expats February 25. ran.

 

IN THE HEART OF

“MY

——————--CUP THIS ('OlTPON—_——_———

 

 

 

'———————--—--—

 

 

 

 

‘

it back to me.‘ ‘

O O
.Anunaeranwd

Uflhwelﬁﬂng
WASHINGTON (AP) A federal
grand jury indicted Pan American
World Airways. Trans World Air-
lines. and Lufthansa German Air-
lines on Thursday in the first
criminal antitrust action involving
airline rate-fixing.

The three carriers were charged
with conspiring to ﬁx the price ofthe
military excursion fare between the
United States and Germany for U.S.
military personnel on leave and lilL‘lI’
dependents.

The indictment and a cbmpanion
ci\i| suit were ﬁled in US, District

men. a ' , g
. “l‘malittle fearful that this news »

  
  
  

Gandrl To Have Companion In Next Eloctlon
NEW DELHI, lnla (AP) Il'wo old men of Indian politics are heading a
chalth to Prime Minister's Indira Gandhi's leadership in the elections next
month for anew Parliament. Opposition chances of unseating Mrs. Gandhi
improved last week when some leading members of her long-governing
Coopers party revolted and vowed to work for her defeat. The leader of the
revolt. Agriculture Minister Jag‘ivan Ram. said hewould work with a newly
formed non-Communist opposition coaltion headed by the two political
oldsters. The  leader of the Janata People's party coalition is former
Deputy Prime Minister Morarji Desai, 80. The spiritual leader is
Jayaprakash Nar’aysn. 74. s '

Young Worklng On Rhodeslan Settlement

LONDON (AP) Andrew Young. President Carter's black envoy to black
Africa. says after meeting with British diplomats that negotiations to get rid
of white rule in Rhodesia will be “Iongand tedious.“ Young. the new 44-year-
'old American ambassador to the United Nations met Wednesday with Ivor
Richard. the British chairman of the suspended Geneva talks on Rhodesia‘s
future. and Foreign Secretary Anthony Crosland. He said his hopes for a
quick settlement had “waned.”

Vance Outlines Arms Outback Wlth Russla
WASHINGTON (AP) Secretary of. State.Cyrus R. Vance said Thursday he
plans to take up with the Russians a cutback in “conventional arms" as well
as lowering the limit that the two superpowers have agreed to place on their
nuclear weapons arsenals. In his ﬁrst interview since assuming ofﬁce. Vance
said he would aim for “a pneral reduction in the trafﬁc in arms“ when he
goes to the Kremlin in late March. One possible approach. he said. is to
target areas such as southern Africa and the Middle East for pilot reduction
projects. In fact. Vance said. the Carteradministration might consider taking
“action ourselves to demonstrate leadership” in arms controls by reducing
some sales unilaterally.

Carter Requested To Deerlmlnallze Pot
WASHINGTON (Al’l Three members of Congress Thursday asked
President Caner to support the decriminalization of marijuana possession
and its non-proﬁt transfer in small quantities. Sens. Jacob Javits. R-N.l'..
and Alan Cranston. D-Calif.. and Rep. Edward I. Koch. D-N.Y.. wrote
Carter suggesting early action'on the reform of federal marijuana laws and
the development ofa comprehensive policy on drug abuse. They expressed
concern for a “fundamental itnfairness" underlying existing marijuana law 5
They also said the enforcement of those laws requires a diversion of scarce
law enforcement resources. The congressmen said marijuana policy should
be primarily a function ofstatc government. but that it is difficult for States to
change their policies unless the federal law is changed.

Burns Crltlclzes Tax Rebate Plan

WASHINGTON (AP) President Carter's SSO-per-pcrson tax rebate plan.
already under criticism from some congressional Democrats, was described
by Federal Reserve Board Chairman Arthur F. Burns today as a bald
approach to boosting the economy. Burns told .lhc House Bunkmg
Committee that Carter‘s overall SJI.2 billion economic program I\ :rn
"inefficient way to stimulate the economy.“ But he said the board \trll
cooperate to create jobs and speed economic growth in I977. Even so. Burns
said he docs not think that such a program is needed. especially the S50
rebates on I97otuxcs. "The Trcusurydocsn‘t have this money. The frettstlr')
has to go out and borrow it. It‘s notagood habit . . . for our country logcl
into." Burns said.

Nader Rejects Dixon's Apology

WASHINGTON (AP) Federal Trade Commission Paul Rand Dl.\0ll has
apologized personally to Ralph Nader for calling him a “son of bitch and d
dirty Arab." But an end to Dixon's troubles is not yet in sight. Nader say s he
is not satisfied. A growing number of organizations are calling for Dixon"
ouster. And the furor over his remarks has begun to aliect the FfC’t
business. Although Dixon earlier had vowed he would not apologize dll'L‘t‘li}
to Nader. a Lebanese-American. he babked down late Wednesday crcrrmg
and sent him a handwritten apology. “As I have previously stated. I dccpl)
regret having made this remark and I apologize for it." Dixon wrote.

 

Court in \Vashin on and an-
MISGMWUI mm by A"). 5‘... («Hm—m 3) Ford Accepts Posltlon At Research Firm

N! F“ (21 Ben WASHINGTON (AP) Former President Gerald Ford has accepted it prtrl
_ . E The indjclmcm chars“ ma! lllllr: position as an advertiser arid consultant at a Washrngton fL‘thlt‘ll
. bum-en [3“ ton and law 1974"“. irrgrrnilation. the fotrrthjob he has ltlkcnsincc leaving ofﬁce. [be American
‘ m,“ 3min“ compimj m ﬁx and :ntcrprisc institute for Public Policy Research announced on Wednesday
 u “ raise the price uflhc military excur- “W Ford pill become the organization‘s Distinguished Fellow Ford \trll
m w M m m ‘ m . sron fare. The. fare costs are borne Fla": 3" (film ill the Instttute. which probably will become hrs base when be Is
 W h m d a h. L entirely by military personnel and '" Washington. He wrll be paid. but salary arrangements have not bCl'll

sun-Idiom.- mm W "W “mm”- “‘"‘l"°'°d~

h..”.um Donald l. Baker. assistant at-
. a... I. a now m M .0"... 3...... .n chm. 0. m. an, New Teachers Contract Recelves Opposltlon
h . h  am trtrust drvrston. noted that it is legal DE“ ‘ 0”" MP) A proposed new teachers contract with the city rrrn into
a,” ‘wm. “‘m N. for airlines to ﬁt} international air hm}! tll‘llflsllmn Thursday at the Emergency FinancinlConrrol Boardrnmd
I! I I. I ﬂ“ I. I” I“. In. fares through jOIIll negotiation. the rndrcatrons that a vote might be put off for several days. Stephen Berser-
mum-mm“ ~ providing it is done in accordance txccutivc director ofthc board.recommendcdlhat the pact bcrcjectcd on tlrc
“_ ‘ with procedures prescribed by the Smund thatit gave nrore to the United Federation of Teachers than to the
m.  Civil Aﬂommics Board and the In_ other muttrctpal unrorts. Mayor Abraham D. Beame. however. defended the
; ternatianal Air Transport Assam. pact worked out In negotiations over 20 months and called for an immedmtc
lion. VOW h)’ "N: board at the public melting held in the World Trade Center

PAGE TWO ALBANY STUDENT PRESS FEBRUARY 4. 1976

 

 

  
  

 
  
  
    
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
  

    
  
   

      

If ratlonlng of natural gas lslnithutod, use of stoves and ovens In quad

 

kltchena wlll be curt-fled.

CDTA Faces Mounting

by Ed Rader

Opposition to the proposed
Capital District Transit Authority
take-over of SU N Y Abus service has
been voiced by both Alumni Quad
trnd off—campus students. The two
grotrps‘ opposition is directed
against Wilill they understand to be
the form of tie proposal.’;trrtl not
necessarily the idea of CDTA
providing bus service.

Alumni Quttd representatives Strc
Sokol and Mary McAncny express-
cd their learn at it recent Alumni
Qtlrtd board rrrcctittg. In it they said
their" mrrirr concern is that there will

‘rcprcscrrtativcs added
prospect of CDTA becoming the

be less frequent bus service. The two
that the

"sole source" of transportation ttlso
bothers thcm. ‘ '
“I‘m definitely ugttinst the CDTA
takeover." sttys McAneny. "because
it leaves trswithout ttnytrltcrntttivc.“
McAncrry also expressed the fear
that the present bus drivers will lose
their jobs. “They don't deserve to he
shafted." sttid McAncny. -
ltrrclrcl Chttrncy. Assistant Direc-
tor ol' the Off Campus Association
(OCA). cclrocd those sentiments.
“One of the worst things would be

 

    

 

lganvlc‘e‘e Yi‘raiils Interested
In SUN YA Bus Takeover

b y Dtt vc Gross

service.

 

L

Yrrnkcc 'l'rails bus service would be interested in taking over the
SUNYA system. according to John Tobin president of the charter bus

Although Tobin has not contacted by the SUNYA bus committee
examining rt proposal from the Capital District ‘l'ransporttttion
Authority (L‘D'I A). he did say. “We would like to sit down with the
committee and trnttlyrc the situation."

'I he Yankee Trails system has been running the present wcckend bus
service to the uptown crtmpus since the spring of last year.

1

 

’ relch

Business and aeeountlnp students are the easiest to place for jobs.

according to Assistant Dlrsetor of Placement WIlllarrr Stewart.

FEBRUARY 4. 1976

‘ Imctoerrank A: Kath I ,
“Things ‘ are\ stabilizing. but we

have to lightto keep where we are.”

said Kopf. “I am a ﬁrm believer that

 
  
  
  
 

get’iiver'this until. maybe; a'year

. from now." -

According to UAS General
Manager. E. Norbert- Zahm.
“Althgughrit‘s a far out possibility”

' quad and Campus Center cafeteria

service could be seriously effected by.
gas shortages. Most stoves run on
gas. said Ztthm “and the plant
department could request to shut
them off. If it did happen we could
still feed people. keeping them open
although we would have to change

Opposition

seeing the bus drivers go."

OCA Director Buddy Voit has
mixed feelings about the proposal.
“The city buses ttrc comfortable.“ he

said. “but there are problems that '-
' have to be solved.“ The problems he
sees include over crowding, and the '

sensitivity of CDTA bus drivers to
handicapped students. Voit said.
“the important thing is that students
don’t know enough about the
proposal.“ .
Seriice Provlded
The proposal calls for bus service

to be provided=from the Wellington v'
and Draper Hall up to the Ad-_

ministration Circle. The buses would
go up Washington-Avc.~trl'tcr picking
up st ttdcnts
Western.

Students would bettblcto ride the r "

city's rcgulrtr Western Ave. bus for
free. but would be let out at the
Western entrance to the school.
Wellington buses would return from
school along Western Ave. Accor-
ding to the proposal. Wellington scr-
vicc “will operate on regularly
scheduled school days.“ Wellington
weekend service wrrs not mentioned
in the proposal.

The proposed time schedule
would have buses running every five
to ten minutes in the mornings and
afternoons. and ovary l5-2fl minutes
at other times.

As for the SUNYA bus drivers.

at Partridge and'

 more in trouble. Wearen't going to ,

fthe pr

  

broilers and one
50 percent of our gasus
Campus2Center.

 
  

 

ed consolidations . of v kitchens.- We

might have Brubacher go over‘to .

AldenIWaterbury. that‘sa pos‘sibill-i

ty we aren't! getting into yet.“~Kopf .
added. “We‘ve also-discussed shute "

ting one kitchen downvout or three
vuptoir'n. but we have to feed the

same number of students and that .

would just displace work." ‘
Other measures said Kopf could
include closing lecture centers on the

minute  . .

g- 3:.  sq YA circuits
w r If in ediate'energyymeasurcs aref ‘
necessary-Kb!“ said. “We've dlrrcuss- ‘

_ another.“

‘has agreed

   
  
     
   

     
   

problems, with continued .energy'
problems. ‘ ' '
“I don‘t see any crisis'in’oil and-

,elcctricity. but who knows." said

Zahm.’ “sometimes one :follows

wokr

Alumnl Quad and oft-campus students have voiced opposltlon to the
recent CDTA proposal to take over SUNVA bus Iervlce.

CDTA Executive Director Robert
Mllnl said that "any new bus drivers
would have to meet our standards
and would have to wait until there
were openings."
I Tremendous Asset

Krrrlccn Krtrlson. Director of'thc
Oll-Crtmpus Housing Association
said the city-wide service “would be rt
tremendous asset“. but that. "the

CDI A has to make it commitment
and answer questions. How would
you validate Ll). curds. Who would
draw the line on what students were
cligihle'!“

IKlll‘lstlll said she is also wrrry ol
CD’I'A‘s refusal to girc rt specific
cost breakdown. "'l‘lrcy are giving us
the cake. but not telling us the in-
grcdicnts.“

Student Employment Trend Noted

by Michael Gates

Students with rr background in
either business or accounting are
rtmong the easiest for the SUNYA
placement office to findjobs for. ac-
cording to Assistant Director of
Placement William C. Stewart.

The placement service gives career
guidance to seniors. grad students
and alumni. informing them ofjob
opportunities. In fields other than
teaching. Stewart said that “accoun-
ting has been the best for it number
of years. and still is. but computer
science is crrtclring up." He said that
a number of" firms were looking for
people with It math major and com-
puter science minor.

Good Grades

Stewart stated thtrl the larger
firms who are employing these
students are looking for good grades
and that “the student with in grade
point average of less than 3.0 will
hav: to settle for some of the smaller

' companies. We do . get a number of

inquiries from small accounting
firms in the area."

Asked what he felt was the reason
for so many students majoring in
business and related fields recently.
Stewart replied. “With jobs so hard
to find. many parents are saying why
send my. child to school for four
years to study English or languages.

or social studies when there is really ’

no job.when they leave. So they are
thinking about something that will
give them a skill."

In the tertchlng field. Stewart said
that “The person who has a
background in secretarial science.
who crtn teach secretarial science is
by fur the best for teaching.“
Teachers for remedial reading and
special education are in demand. as
are “people with tr background in
business. who can teach about
business machines and office
procedures.“

Stewart's views differed slightly'

from the placement officer at other

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

SUNY centers. According to Ann
Herrick. Acting Director of Career
Plans and Placement at SUNY
Binghumton. “Students with special
competencies" were the crtsiest to
place in jobs. She stated that
students with backgrounds in
business and science. and especially
students with practical experience in
those areas. such as internships. were
generally easier to place.
Experience Counts
"Grade point averages are not the
most important thing." Herrick said.
“it‘s the personand the experience
they have that is most important.“
James W. Keene. Director of
Career Development at SUNY
Stony Brook. said that the easiest
people to ﬁnd ’jobs for were

"Students who are willing to stand. I
up op their own two legs and go out i

and work.“ He said that Ire felt un-
iversity placement services could

only| do to much. and that “people '

rctrlly place themselves."

endurance

notacurrcntprobleni-gettingioilfor“  '
the school but could'foﬁec such . ‘

'4

  
 
   
 
  
  
   

 
  
     
    
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
     

   

 

   

 

   
  
   
   
  
  
    
    
    
    
    
    

 

   

 
    
  
   
      
  

 

 

