‘ eon riiousr

sunday - november 13
8-11 pm

IN, THE CC
O F F -CAMPUS LOUNGE

50¢ ADMISSION

refreshments
entertainment

 

 
  
  
 
  
 
  

  
 

 
     

WIT WILLIE
CBS 1534983
By DENNIS SCHEYER

Wet Willie, believe it or not is a Rock
and Roll band not a blues singer as the
name might imply! They have recorded
several albums for Phil Waldens‘
Capricorn Records over the past four
years their biggest being “Keep on
Smilin“ which yielded the hit single of the
same name.

Their style then was best described as
funky rock and roll with a dash of Macon,
Georgia peach—tree blues. (I think you get
the idea.)

Wet Willie consists of Jimmy Hall on
lead vocals. harmonica, saxes, and
percussion, Jack Hall on vocals and bass,
Mike Duke on lead vocals and
keyboards, Theophilus Lively on drums,
percussion and vocals, Marshall Smith
on vocals and guitars, and Larry Berwald
on guitar.

“Rainman” is rockin, commercial, and

 

 

 

Joe/Little;

UNI-SEX

 

HAIRSTYLING

(Student Discounts with ID.)
VIt/u/ Sarsoon Styling Produr'ls

Appointment
(518) 482-7560....“ State St., Albany

gloat Lida;

 

 

 

slick. It features excellent vocals, and a
sax break by Jimmy Hall that almost
approaches the intensity of Bruce
Springsteen sideman Clarence Clemons.

But the highlight ofthe album is“Street
Corner Serenade."

From the opening guitar riffto the mid-
song sax solo it combines reggae and rock
at its best. lts slick and is a sure shot for a
hit single.

Mannorisms is one ofthe better albums
I‘ve heard this year. If you like basic rock
and roll with good vocals, sax work and
drumming (and who doesn't?) then go out
to the nearest record shop and buy the
all m!

 

AIR SUPPLY
C BS .IC35047

By AL BACA

Air Supply. a relatively unknown
group led by Russell Hitchcock and
Graham Russell, is exemplary of the
current state of today's popular music
scene. Their music, although completely
commercial, is pleasant and harmless
enough to please top 40 listeners.

The songs on the album, as the title cut
implies, all have to do with thejoys and
pain of love. “Love and Other Bruises" is
a mellow cut which features vocal
harmony, fair musicianship. and insipid
lyrics. In other words, it has the makings
of a hit single, given enough radio
airplay. “What a Life—Parts l and 2,"
ﬂigsecond song on the album, is an

 

upbeat rocker displaying some ﬁne horn
arrangements. The song features Jim
Horn and Chuck Findley, tw0 excellent
session men, on horns. Steve Madaio and
David Luell also add to brass sound.

Perhaps the most progressive song on
the album is “Who Will Love Me Now?”
What distinguishes this cut from the
others is the absence of the disco ﬂavored
heat which can be heard in the
background of most of the album‘s songs.

Jim Horn playsa respectable. although
too whort, alto sax solo on “Does it
Matter," and David Luell displays his
talent in a tenor solo on “What a Life."
More use should have been made of these
two musicians. The album contains too
many vocal harmonies and not enough
instrumental solos. in the future, 1 hey}
should either make better use of their
session musicians. or put together a
regular band that highlights their talent
for harmony without sacrificing
in. rumental accompaniment.

 

 

 

 

 

THE MOTORS
CBS P234924
By DENNIS SCHEYER

Recently there has been a big rttsli
among the major record companies to
sign up every “new wave“ rock group Ill
sight. What started here and in (treat
Britain as merely “cult material" has
turned into big business.

In Great Britain, groups such as the
Sex Pistols, the Damned. and the
Vibrators provide music of prolth
against the present government situation
lnthe U.S. the Ramoncs. Talking IIL‘rltI\.
and the Dead Boys are playing \tltiii the
Village Voice has called “t he good of l llkh
and roll hokcn ofthcotl‘s that L'\t.‘l_\I7tItl)
loved." The Who and the M('5 “we
doing it in the 60's and groups lilo tht
Motors are doing it in the 70‘s. and tl|lillt£
it well!

The Motors are frorn (iiciit lli‘ilniii .ttttl
consist of Andy McMastcr on hatss. \lth
Garvey on guitar, Brian 'lcliaikotsty on
guitar, and Ricky Slaughter on tlrtttio

The album features cigltt bilhlL lHLI-
and roll songs, heavily produced and
punctuated with piercing drumming and
wall shattering bass.

“Dancing the Night Away" tipciis the
album with a lengthy instrumental at [15
beginning. The song features a guitar rill
very similar to a Who favoritc"Thc Kids
are Alright." Unlike many new mm-
bands all four of the Motors have good
voices that clearly punctuate the meal
second half of the song.

“Cold Love" features a reggae beat. the
'ﬁrst I have heard in this musical form.

A unnamed piano player Opens “Bring
in the Morning Light." This is the most
commercial cut on the album and might
make a good single.

Columbia is mounting a lairtét’
promotion campaign on this album and
in my opinion it deserves it. It is basic
rock and roll at its rowdiest and if that}

the album.

your bag. get out your safety pins and my

 

PAGE 2A1

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS.

NOVEMBER 11', 1977

 

 

By JERRY MIKORENDA

If someone told you that winds of 300
feet per second whipped above Albany
and that temperatures ranged between -
l00 and 2,000° F, you might think they
were exaggerating a bit (even if you have
experienced walking to a Quad in mid-
February). If they told you that they
received this information from a mystical
newt, then you could tend to doubt their
probity(for nutes are well known fortheir
lack of insight into the natural sciences).
However. if they said that this
information was gained by the Fabry-
Perot interferometer, with probity
reinstated they would be right.

The Fabry-Perot interferometer is an
instrument developed for measuring the
temperature and wind of the outer
atmosphere. Its development has
spanned a decade of hard work and
research by Doctors Jai Kim and
lchikawa, who began workingtogether at
Albany ten years ago. lchikawa went on
to do research in .lapan, while Kim
continued working on the interferometer
here at Albany. The actual building ofthe
interferometer began four years ago in
Japan and, because ofits delicate custom-
madc parts, it was not completed until
‘ early last year. It was then assembled by
Kim and Shoichi Okano, and now sits in a
trailer behind the Chemistry Building
where it is undergoing testing before
going into thc field.

Okano pointed out that there are
several interferometers in the world
today, but the one here at Albany may be
the best in the world hecasuc the 6-inch
etalon plates which the light paSscs
through before being converted itito
electrons is the largest in sire that exists
today. Okano, a researcher from l'ohoku
University at Sendai, Japan. explained
the fundamentals behind thcopcration of
the interferometer.

'l'hc interferometer can only be used on
cxtrcmcly clear nights to measure a
phenomenon called "night-airglow“.
Night-airglow is light that is invisible to
Us but is important to scientists because
the lights cmittcd are indications of
processes taking place in the upper
at mosplicrc. When nights are cloudy, not
enough light can be gathered toformulatc
complete information. The light being
gathered is li'om thc outcr' atmosphcrc
between 50 and 300 miles front the
ground,'lotcllwhcthcrthc source oflight
is moving toward the obscr'vcr or away
from it,tltc Doppler effect is used. This is
important in trying to measure the
movement of the source of the light's
intensity. Simply stated, the Doppler
effect says that when an object is moving
toward you it will create shorter
wave lengths, and as it moves away the
wavelengths will become longer. By using
this principle the light intensity can bc
graphed and the wind analyzed.

To measure the light intensity, tltc
l‘ahry—l’crot interferometer changes light
into an electron llow which can be
measured against wavelengths. 'l he light
is gathered by mirrors which colliinatcthc
light. lly collimating the light. it is
directed in parallel lines into the
interferometer. In the interferometer part

 

L
NOVEMBER 11, 1977

 
 
 
   
 
  

“There are several interferometers
in the world today, but the one here
at Albany may be the best. 3’

of the light goes through and part is
reﬂected twice'by two mirrors that are
parallel. If the waves of the light match
peak to peak, then a bright light shows
and the light goes through to the
photomultiplier. If the waves match peak
to valley, then the light can't be measured
and there is no light output at all. When
this happens the width between the
mirrors must be changed to get a light
reading. To do this mechanically would
be difﬁcult as well as imprecise. So the
optical distance between the two mirrors

 

   
    
  
     
  
  
 

  
  

   
 

  

 

 

 

  

 

 
 

t a ‘ a: I,“

 

a)

The Fabry-Porot Intertorometer, an Instrument and tor atmospheric lento, is

housed In thla trailer near Indian Quad.

“Hopefully, with this information

changes in the

earth’s magnetic

fields will be able to be charted. ”

 

 

(J's/MARY ANN Not/AK

Shoichl Okano and the Interferometer, possibly the best In the wortd.

is altered by changing pressure. The light
then goes through the six inch lens to the
photomultiplier.

'l he photomultiplier converts the light
into an clcctron flow which increases and
decreases with the amount of light
allowed in by the interferometer. The
Fabry-l’crot interferometer usesthe most
effective photomultiplier. making this
trtstrurncnt the most accurate tool for
measurement of light emissions in the
outer atmosphere. If we are looking for
[lie temperature data. we analyze the
profiles of the spectral lines. The wider

the proﬁles, the higher the tcmptraturc; _

and the more narrow, the lo/vci' the

temperature.

The spectral lines are also used to
measure gross motion, or wind speed. lly
comparing the shifts of the wavelengths,
the directions and speed of the wind can
be determined. The major importance of
measuring the temperature and wind
speed is to communicate information on
particle movement. However, the long-
range use for this information is to relate
the activity of the sun to the
magnetosphere. The magnetosphere is
the region in which high energy plasma
(protons, electrons, etc.) is conﬁned by
the earth's magnetic lield. lt shrinks with
high activity of the solar wind
l(geomagnetic storm), and changes in the

i
ALBA NY STUDENT PRESS

magnetosphere have caused changes in
the earth‘s outer environment. -

The outer [perimeter of the
plasmasphere, called the plasmapause
(which is involved in the magnetosphere
and conﬁnes high density plasma), ,y
presently moves around Albany, making ,
Albany 3 perfect location to observe the
phenomenon called “stable auroral red .
are“ (or SAR arc). During SAR are, the
sun is at a peak of activity, causing a red
glow in the night sky that can be observed
above Albany. Although this ‘
phenomenon can only be observed once
every eleven years and will not be able to
be seen for the next few years, Mr. Okano
believes that it is important to keep
measurements of the temperature
changes in the outer atmosphere. “The
information gained now will not be
directly useful to man in the usual sense,"
he said. “But in considering very long
periods of time, the information will be
useful in relating data about our
atmosphere to future generations."
Hopefully. with this information changes
in the earth‘s magnetic fields will be able
to be charted. Some scientists are
claiming that in the past shifts in the
magnetic fields ltave been followed by
dramatic changes in the climate.

Okano worked with a similar
interferometer for three years in Japan
before coming to the United States. On
his ﬁrst trip to the United States, and an
American university, Mr. Okano says he
likes Albany. “The students and faculty
are very frank and friendly, and the
dorms are very nice." He went on to say
that students work harder here than in a
university in Japan, but he also pointed
out that the competition to get into a
university in Japan is much higher than
here. The trailer containing the
interferometer will be moved soon A-
hopefully, if Kim and ()kano have their
way, before the first snowfall,
Confronting the transportation of the
interferometer are the problems of
obtaining a power source along with
maintaining security in a secluded area
and keeping the interferometer intact. as
both faculty and students seek the ozone
in their own way.

 

  

 

_ J

PAGE 3A

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

.n"! ‘ .J»- .l<-’_—‘.—‘_..ZI-E v *'

a

t
:l
a

  
   
     
    
 
   

    
 

