by Jon ldayatte

“Hi.'

“You come her often?"

“What's your major?"

Any 'night at the rat, you can hear this
conversation going on between any two
Albany State Students. it’s almost as if most
students think that you can tell something
about a penon by knowing what their major
is. What does a major tell about a person?
How will it effect the students later life? How

. will it effect them now? Does it really matter?

What is you major? Why did you pick it?

Personally. conting out of high school I was
tired of the sciences and math, and having no
desire to go either med of dent school, i saidto
myself “Politics is interesting, I'll be a poli sci
major." Upon seeing the requirements forthat
major. i thought “Only 30 credits in my major,
It! in my minor and that‘s it, what a snap!”
Most people don't put that much thought into
what they will eventually be studying

If you thought that you wanted to be a
doctor or a dentist you were a bio major. You
took lot. if you did well you were still a bio
major. If not. you had to look for something
easier so that you could beef up you cum so-
that you could get into med school. of course
you still had to take bio. chem. physics,
calculus. all those courses you wanted to avoid
by changing majors. if you moved into psych,
you didn't do any better. you now had to take
in addition to your math and science courses
psych 10], and psych stats which really beefed
up your cum, now didn't it?

If you were really interested in a special field
like psychology, geology. education. or
geographcy, your major was clear and
relevant.

if you were interested in politics. history, or
any of the other social sciences you majored in
that.

if you wanted a job when you got out of
school you were a business major.
Unfortunately. the job you got was as an
accountant. Just great.

If you weren‘t sure. you were “open”. That
means you can take in what you had the most
credits and /or A's in. ‘

What do you get when you‘ve picked your
major. A list of courses you must take. As any
business major knows. it‘s harder to get the
courses you want when your given the choice
out of three. The one you get is often yourthird
choice. And it‘s given at 8:00 am.

Some of these lists are bigger than others.

Why? in some majors like psych you must
know a broad range of knowledge. like all of
the sciences ‘to understand bio. or you must
have understanding of many facets of your
field,' like accounting, finance, and
management science. V

But why do some majors require a broad
range of requisite, like psych and soc for a
business major. Sure every business major
should understand hwo people act and why.

but shouldn't everyone else know it also. Why 1

are business majors required to take these and
other aren‘t. Maybe business wouldn't take
them if they weren't required. But they'd be
smart enough to take them wouldn't they’!
Wouldn't they?!

“What will you do with that major?"

if you're a bio major with a good cum you
say “I'm applying to med school."

if you‘re a bio major with a bad cum you say
“Maybe grad school" or i don‘t know."

A social science major is asked “Are you
going to law school." Anyone can go to a grad
school of some sort, if they really need to.

Those with connections can get 'jobs
regardless of their major and the rest go job
hunting

Accounting majors apply for jobs like
others apply for school. The ones with high
cums get into the “Big Eight“. The rest either
go to other smaller private business’ or work
for the state.

But what of that.

Does that mean that all bio majors are
destined to be the doctors and dentists of the
future?

ls everyone in accounting going to be our
future H or R Blocks.

Do you understand the field of Political
Science after intro and five other courses?

But more importantly, if he says he‘s a bio
major, does he think "hey l'm going to be a
doctor, catch me while i can“? Or if she's a poli
sci major, is she into grades. grades, grades for
law school where she can look for a husband,
husband, husband? If he's a business major is

he really insecure about his future and taking _

something where he‘s sure he'll get ajob. even
if it is accounting, or will he move into his
father‘s business?

i doubt that any ofthis is valid. Majors only
have taken more of speciﬁc department‘s
couscs than others. They‘re interest may not
even lie in academics at all. There arethings in
the school other than classes.

 

‘

 

HAVE You
SEEN THIS?

THEYRE TURNING
OFF ALL THE
UTILITIES FOR
THANKSGIVING.

 

 

 

ALL HEAT AND
ELECTRlCiTY
WILL BE TURNED

 

NO. THE Y'D
GET LONELY
WITHOUT ME!
MY PLANTS .’

PUTTING THEN
UP W A

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

f .

 

 

more
battleships

To Illa Elton
Allan Rauch's column. “Amin: Crazy or

' Not?” (ASP,.Nov. 9). includes many more

errors of fact than i would care to catalog here.
Suffice it .to note one especially fanciful slip.
viz. his observation that “The US. expressed
in no uncertain terms that we would not stand
for ,Amtn holding...(200) Americans
hostage. and quickly dispatched a battleship
with over 5,000 marines to anchor off the coast
of Uganda"
in fact, Uganda is an‘ intralacustrine
territory in East Africa without direct access
to the sea. Because Uganda is bordered on all
sides by several major lakes and by various
African territories, it is difficult to discern in
Rauch's column what he—or the United
States Government—_ might have been
contemplating. Surely not an adventure via
battleship (l) up the Nile;’into Lake Victoria
(which forms a portion of Uganda's eastern
boundary): and westward to Entebbe, the
administrative capital. there to intimidate or
despatch a bewildered Amin.
Facts, facts, Rauchl Facts. facts!
Alvin Magid
Associate Professor of Political Science

excuse
me

To the Editor:

1 want to thank Robert Wong and Steven
Elliot for their ﬁne letters in which they
pointed out inaccuracies in my article about
ldi Amin. You both were right, and l was
wrong. i stand corrected.

There is one thing. however, which startled
me in reading Mr. Elliot‘s letter. Hc closes
with “Based on Mr. Rauch‘s article. . . we can
conclude. . . that ldi Amin is one of the finest
men that ever breathed.“ Apparently. Mr.
Elliot did not finish my article. For Mr.
Elliot's information, i provide some excerpts:
"After seizing power, Amin (rose) to the
position he now holds. the world‘s most
ruthless petty dictator.“ “Amin has no
business running Uganda. He is not only a
blight for Uganda hcrsclf, but for all of
Africa." ldon‘t. and iam sure Mr. Elliot does
not, hold these to be words of praise directed
at “one of the ﬁttest men who ever lived."

Again, 1 thank Messrs. Wong and Elliot for
their letters. and l acknowledge my mistake,
but let's keep the facts straight.

Allan Rauch

food riot. . .

. . . deserve
better. . .

To the Editor:

We would like to comment about the letter
in Friday‘s ASP stating that the peaceful
demonstration held in State Quad Cafeteria
on Wednesday, Nov. 8, was a "riot." The
students have every right to voice their
opinions about the food since they are paying
for it. and especially since the State Quad
Chef, Jim Tarullo, denies having “heard any
complaints from the students and thinks the
food is excellent for serving so many.“ Though
Harold C. Steinlicht calls us “gourmet
rioters," all we really expect is quality food
which we are paying for. and decent
preparation of it.

UAS states that the food is good quality,

but its preparation leaves much to be desired.

UAS can 'do better as evidenced by its
profitable enterprises such as the Sub Shops,
the Campus Center Cafeteria, and the
Eats-con Room. where food looks and tastes
 theatitd'enta expiet is'the’ same
consideration for their food which they have
already paid for. The reason for the
demonstration was to make UAS aware that
the students are not satisﬁed with the food
service, since they seemed to have missed that
point. We believe that, "We Deserve Better."

Cindy Moses

Nancy Heller

. . . ringleader
reply . . .

To the Editor:

1 would like. to clear up some
‘inhconceptions about the Wednes'dsy'tiigm
State Quad cafeteria food demonstration. l
was the “ringleader” who threw his tray “with
food on it. on the floor." First, 1 wasin no way
a ringleader; i had no pan in the organization
of the food demonstration. Second, although I
cannot begin to explain my reasons in ihls
limited space, my actions were only those of fl
frustrated childish college student.

Up until now the Food Committcc, on State
Quad at least. has been a useless figurehettd
due to a lack of interest on the part of the
student body. The “riot” was only a peaceful
demonstration with the purpose to stimulate
student awareness. In my opinion. this goal
was not and is not “infantilism” in any shtlpc
or form. in, fact now. this self-confessed
childish reactionary wants to participate in
this rational drive for better food for our
money.

Maybe the food we get is the best UAS can
afford. but right now only UAS knows ifthnt
is true; laiso want to know. Obviously Harold
C. Steinlicht's comment in last Friday‘s ASI’
neither considered nor understood thcxc
implications.

Charles J. tittinot

. . .mature
handﬂng

To the Editor:

I would like to respond to the letter to the
editor submitted by Harold Steinlicht
regardingthe food protest that took place on
State Quad last Wednesday. thn l Cillllt.’
down to the cafeteria on Wednesday l mu
handed a leaﬂet stating some ol the
complaints that are commonly heard from I he
students about the food. it was further said
that betwoen 5:00 and 5:30 was to be held -|
protest in the cafeteria about the food. [1 wt»
emphasized that this was to be a peaceful
protest and i feel that it was conducted In .t
very peaceful manner.

I resent Mr. Steinlicht‘s reference to tlu
"great bargain" we are getting for the money
if he thinks it is such a great bargain than icl
him take advantage of it. Personally. i don't
want to be forced into paying for "food" that
gets me sick almost every time i eat it, I do not
ask for lobster a la bisque or baked uluska for
dinner. but i do feel that the nutritional val ac
and the quality of the food in the cnlctctm
leaves it lot to be desired.

in conclusion, 1 would like to say that the
protest was not a “blattint display of igllornncc
and immaturity" as Mr. Steinlicht culls ll, but
rather a quite well done and mature way “‘
handling an important campus mutter. lltc
food service committee received more
comments and feedback as a result of this
demonstration titan they received all Yul"

Campus Center Cafeteria I

HARVEST WEEK

we

November 14 - 18. 1977

Watch for our medal HOLIDAY WEEK coming this December.

—- COME VISIT US SOON! —
Sponsored by University Auxiliary Services

“Wilt” A

 

 

 

INTEREST MEETING
for a
CREDIT UNION

The possibility of establishing this unique
financial co-operativo will be discussed.
All are welcome.

Location: LC-4
Date: THURSDAY , NOVEMBER 17
Time: 8:00 PM.

 

 

STUDENT ; '
AifOlelTlOl‘l 

 

Come to the Campus Center 358
or SA office CC 346

SCHEDULE
Mon 6 pm - 10 pm
Tues 10 am - 3 pm

Wed 2pm-6pm
Thurs 6pm-10 pm
Fri 9am-1pm

funded by student association

COLONIAL OUAO
CENTRAL COUNCIL ELECTIONS

ONE SEAT OPEN

Candidates:
Barbara Ann Reich
Bayard Gardineer

Carol Jurist

Mark Borkowski
Roger A. Van Etten

Voting will be in the Flagroom
November 15-18, 4 - 7 PM

TAX Card and ID needed to vote

By direction of the Supreme Court. the Election
Commission will consider all write to votes cast
for Tom Wallace void.

 

 

 

limdt'tl lu' slutlcm worm/Ion

 

 

 

.u...tuutnu.ttx..ttt/strllliv4t’

 

 

