     
    
 
 
   
   
   
   
 
  
     
   
     
   
 
 
 
 

mean my”.
my

r...

was...» 4.. A "i .
Kioswar‘w‘t'! twat;

  

it;

 

i
i

a... ..

 

   
  
    
 

 

~ 7 «warms: 
g *  ' :."'.-pra.nu- :  I 1*

comedian V

     
 

.ﬁorldif . _. -. w :
Letter   and
information table >

in Campus Center
10-3 Mon-Fri.

FRIDAY NOVEMBER 18
8:30 University Gym

 
 

Wed., Nov. i0th- CC373- 7:00- Discussion with Moroc-
can famtiy- learn the inside story of Jewish life in Moroc-
. co. Donuts and cider free.

  
      
 
  

$4 general
public

$2 with tax card
(1 ticket per tax)

$1

$3 with i.D.

  
 
     
  
   
  

Thurs, Nov. l7th- The Fixar- based on the book by Ber-
nard Malamud- 7:00 & 9:30- LC 23. J SC card 5 .50, with
tax card S .75, without tax card Si.25.

ti}

Tix on sale in SA Contact
Office...

  

Sun., Nov. 20th- Bagel Brunch with two people who have
recently returned from a trip to Russia in which they met
with many Soviet dissidents.

JSC S .25, with tax card 3 .75, without tax card $1.25.

sin-Ito's tiwuni mutton
um Monday .i a pm
i 1 its

     
  

h.A. hurried

 

 

 

Attention December Grads

The Third Annual December Graduates Assembly will be held on Saturday, December
[0, [977 in the Campus Center Ballroom. The assembly will begin at 1 pm and will be
followed by a reception honoring the graduates. At 3 pm a luncheon will be served in
the Patroon Room. Tickets will be pre-sold for the luncheon at $4 for members of the
Class of '78 and $5 for other December graduates. families, and friends. You may at-
tend the Assembly and Reception without attending the luncheon.

Tickets for the luncheon on sale in SA Contact Office starting Thursday morning.
Tickets will be sold on a first-come. first-serve basis. with a maximum of
three tickets per graduate.
Graduates will be allowed only one 84 ticket.
invitations were mailed to your home address last week. Please return interest form by
November 28th (the Monday after Thanksgiving)

Also remember that the Official Commencement Ceremonies for December graduates
will be held Saturday. May 28, 1978.

N06“? Tom 78 has w to conduct Help Wanted: Pianist to provide music

a yeamok Wk for if for the December Graduates reception.

Send name, address, and type of music you play to:

J December Graduates Reception
i Campus Center 137

Preference will be given to a
member of the Class of 78

December Graduates

next month.

Dates and lines w be printed “at the ASP

 

 

No phone calls please.
~o-————-o——--o—-——n————-o—
The Third Annual December Graduates Assembly is being sponsored b y:

The Class of '78 and Myskania '78 with the cooperation and help of the
Office of the Dean of Student Affairs.

“in”.

 

  

 

 

 

EASTERN CONFERENCE WALES CONFERENCE

Atlantic Division Noni! Dlviglun
m... w L Pct. GB Team w L r Pts '
New York 7 5 .583 - Montreal it) 3 3 23
phmy 6 5 .545 V1 Los Angelcs 7 5 3 l7
Buffajo 6 6 .500 1 Detroit 6 5 3 l5
Boston 3 8 .273 3% Pittsburgh 5 ll 2 l2
New Jersey 2 9 .182 4% Washington 2 l0 2 6

Central Division Adams Division
Atlanta 8 .727 - Buffalo 9 2 20
Cleveland 8 3 .727 - Toronto 8 .‘l 2 l8
San Antonio 8 o .57l iv. Boston 7 5 3 l7
Hus“... 6 6 .500 2% Clc\cland 5 it I it
New Orleans 6 7 .462 3
Washington 4 6 .400 3'/;

WESTERN CONFERENCE

Midwest Division
Team W L ct- GB CAMPBELL CONFERENCE
Denver 3 5 ~6l5 7 Patrick Division
Detroit 6 5 -545 l Team W L T Pts
Chicago 7 6 .538 I Philly 9 3 2 2t).
Milwaukee 6 6 .500 W: Islanders 7 5 4 l8
KC. 6 8 .429 2V2 Atlanta 5 5 5 l5
lndiana 3 it .273 4 Rangers 6 9 l I3

Paciﬁc Division Smyme Division
Portland 9 2 .313 - Chicago 5 4 6 If)
Phoenix 6 5 545 1 Colorado 5 5 l |3
Golden St. 7 7 .50“ Wt Vancouver 4 8  l0
LA. 6 6 .500 3% Minnesota 4 9 2 I0
Seattle 4 lo .286 (ll/1 St. Louis 4 l0 2

 I’m/Baal‘etba“ And Hockey Standing;

   

 

NBA  
Knicks Trade Tom‘Mthilan'  "  

NEW YORK (AP) The ax fell on .‘

many fringe players around the
National Basketball Association
Monday as teams cut their rosters to
the new ll-man limit adopted a week
ago.

Teams were permitted to carry up
to three men on their injured lists
and several clubs placed players in
that category.

Cleveland's Terry Furlow and
James Silas of San Antonio were
placed on injured reserve. Furlow. ill
with virus attacks. has been unable
to play since Oct. ll. Silas joined
another guard. George Karl. on the
injured list. Center Mike Green. ac-
quired last week from Seattle, took
his place. Silas is expected to be out
for at least it week and when he or
Kttrl returns. the Spurs will have to
make other roster moves.

Claude Terry. who aggravated an
ankle injury Saturday night against
San Antonio. went on injured
reserve forthc Atlanta Hawks.

Besides trading Green. the Super-
sonics dropped veteran forward
Willie Wise and third-year mun
Dean Tolson.

 

 
  
 
 
   

Women are supposed to be beautiful.
in fact. in our culture women are deﬁned
almost solely by their appearance,
whereas men are defined by their intellect
and their actions. Women are rated by
their bodies; they are not defferentiated
on the basis of the complexity of their
minds. Everywhere women look they are
told they must be beautiful. They need
not look far: only as far as any of today‘s
newspapers. magazines. television and
radio advertisements. soap 0 eras. sit-
coms. dramas. "popular‘ books.
billboards, songs. plays. peotry. movies.
etc.~all pr ucts of our modern culture.
th beauty. as it has been defined for
jwomen. rarely exists in either sex. The
air-brushed playboy image of the
beautiful woman is a fantasy. As llnii
Stannard says in “The Mask of Beauty.“
“the cult of beauty in women. . . is
posited on a false View of reality. Women
are not more beautiful than men." Yet
women are obligated to be beautiful.
They must take on this “unificirtl burden“
because if they are to et any societal
recognition at all it willﬁe only lhrou 'll
their beauty. So women must ma 0
themselves . beautiful.

Our ca italist system benefits and
women an fer front this. The cosmetic in-
dustry is it billion dollar a year industry.
and millions more is spent on girdles.
bras. electrolysis. face Iilts. car picicing.
depilalorics. pcrlurncs. \agiriiil
dcdorants. stockings. Wigs. diet pl'lidllcls
etc. the list is unending. Wontcii lilt‘
taught to cover up and dl‘sglltht' Ilicrr
bodies. And notltittg less than wlt
contempt can be bred limit this ilin
positive a self-iinttge can ll woman
develop if she is taught to despise lltc
reality other own hody'.’ Morcmct. no
price is too great to pay to trchiete the
standard of beauty. Beauty means prior!
l‘or centuries Chinese women bound
their feet for the sake of beauty. A Lincit
foot was the ideal. so women hound their
feet. flrc result: tnalc attention. but also

us. gore. and infection. Women literally

ecamc cripples for the "rewards" of
beauty. Centuries later illltl what is the
progress? l‘ive inch heels which toltilly lll‘
ctipacitate women; broken ankles.
damaged calf muscles beclrtise ol litt-
form sliuesl And how many women uric
destroyed their bodies Willi silicone
treatments and breast operations because
their breasts were too large or too small
to meet current stanrlards’.’ And how
many women go through the ptrin of lace
llfitl, electrolysis. plucking lllt‘ll’
eyebrows, wearing Ill hour (l) girdles.
forcing themselves to vomit so they won'
gain weight .jeopiirdiririg lticrr lierrltli ltg
using dangerous vtrgirial dﬂtldtlfrlfllh' liil
tampons so they won't smell (why doo‘
men have perfumed sprays so f/ft‘l
private parts won't srnell‘.) but the pric
of bctiuty can be even greater: at the c
pense of beauty. worncii ciin become cits
rape viclurnii. How first ctiri women ru
front ll rapist itt platform Shoes and trgl
prints or ii tlgitt ress'!

Mo cover, beauty does not critphasil
the di crevices between women and mi:

    
    
  
 
 
  
  

 

to keep women “in their place" than b
maktngtheir everyday existence shit
that their place is not the some as their

dilutions force women to lay out to th
hilt their roles as beautifu objects. 0n
national scale. the “Miss America
5 ant does precisely this, servingt

The Poitics of Beauty

reinforce the image of woman as
beautiful. woman as sex object. woman
asjudged by ltow she looks. not by what
she does. Recently SUNYA joined the
lesser ranks of American culture by in-
itiating a beauty pageant to choose it
homecoming queen: women were parad-
ed on stage by a fifties style escort and
judged by appearance, poise. and per-
sonality. in that order.

The orgartilers of the event. the Pep
Band. claimed that the beauty pageant
was intertded to encourage school spirit.
But howtbc pageant was expected to per-
form this miracle remains balfling. Was it
imagined that large crowds would be at-
lractcd to the football game to witness
the crowning of an orniimcnted female
student? ()r is there some mysterious way
in which having a beauty queen on cant-
pus immediately raises cveryonc‘s
morale! Members of thc l'cp Baird also
insisted that they were innocent of tiny
sexism or sexist intent. "it'l'WtiiL’ not ex-
ploiting Wooten. not they. And they ex-
pressed surprise that anyone should
think they were. lloweicr. anyone willt
tltc least knowledge til the women's
movcrricnt is aware nl its critical attitude
towards bctititycontests, lltcdcittnitstra-
iron at the Miss America contest some
)ciiis .igo llTiIdL' tlitil tlcrir Arc tlti.I
members of the l’ep lirirtil so lliil\t.‘ and
ittiirtlotriicil .i\ not to how any
knowlcilpu oi llll\ .it all ' |‘ct|r;ipsilicy tire
ltll‘iL‘ loolish llllitl '.\L' think tit pcrltripii
tlit‘. llltl tnou ltllrll to ctpctt and
thought lllL‘\ would .rttr.ril publicity
from l’lt‘ lirciiltiltlc Litritto‘.trs\ lllill
would .ill‘vt’ tliic run only spciiilotc till
this. \L'l the Motor)! \cxisl display of the
so-ctillcil ciiiitirdmris llllhl lorcc its to
li‘-\tilllt' lllitl titrilroiitoltitii Vim csticlly
\tlt.tt lltc l'cp lltrritl \hilllt‘d

.llhl as certain it\ “in the ioriltntila-
lion wastltc diliggtrigotrt of the Mort-out
tict‘tisiitioii tllitl the women's nioicincrti
hits no sense of littrtior Iltis is exactly
what Richard Mcrinclstclttdid tn ltisttrti-
clc. "Scxrstn or Satire." lit the ASP. ()c-
tober 25. He describes the page-tint as
some. hot is vague its to who exactly was
hciiig stitiri/cd. He seems to lltitik it was
the audience. llowexcr. it is clear that if
tltt‘ pttgcttnl was .i stilttc the women who
participated were being tirade tort of One
needed otily to have gone "backstage"
beloic llic poilt‘ttlll to have \t‘t‘ll how ricr‘
With the contestants were. to how wtitcii~
oil tltc UllllL‘hlilllh t‘.\[ll’.‘\\l‘|ll\ .is the
“lllllt'l'b \VCIC lllllltrtlllLL‘li. til I” l|i|\L' SCCIl
ltin iicrvittis the contestants \tcrc tilt
stage. to icalilc lilill tL'll.tll‘l) the tunnel)
riiioltcd tool the pageant quite serious.
ly .‘\llt.l n it not icprchcrtsiblc to iciitloi cc
to \toincii't lliltltl\ tlic ttndcisttirtilittgtltiil
up teariirit‘e is how the) tire dclirtcll rittil
Vii tied and tltcrt ti'll llicttt ll was all it his
jltkc'.’ McrrnclsicrnK article is so confuse
and tdelrbcratcly") ('tlrilllhlltg that we can
dispense Wllll ftitthci response to II. bill
not itt tltc litigei question of the pur-
portcd attempt to awaken sleeping
school spirit by this event [he Pep
Band and triiyont: elsclor flllillnlllltil' ~
llilh every right to fight against the luck of
school spirit It lh ii worthy bulllc. Yet
school spirit nccd ttot depend on the urn
pltirtution til womcri. expccrltlly when
school spirit is lit fact defined its support
or ritiilc-dointriatcd titltletics l

Now here is where the editors of lltd

 

ASI' must come iii for their share of [lift
hiltmc. (riveri the mirtdleasncss and insuf~
tciciicy of Mei iticlsteirt's article. it was to

be expected that more balanced covera e
of the event would find its way intot e
next issue. And indeed. the following edi-
tion of the ASPdid contain an article on
the pageant and the demonstration
against it. Although the article was
clearer and more intelligible. it was not
the balanced coverith one might cancel
of responsible journalism. ( hen
challenged. the ASI’. like the ori intitors
of the event. has proclaimed itse f“inno-
cent" of tiny nefarious intent or lack of
judgment.) But what of June Dublin '5
article itself? What view of the
demonstrators does one get from reading
it? The ridicule of the demonstrators was
more subtle here. and perhaps therefore
even more degrading. More than‘fiaifthe
article was devoted to one of the
demonstrators who lost her temper.
What about the other 30 or so
demonstrators who went to great lengths
to silence their tempers in the fact: oftbis
blatant display of sexism? in this article.
one demonstrator is made tti reﬂect the
entire demonstration. But most of the
demonstrators did not show their
tintpcrs. and as the witolc event was poor-
ly attended. readers of tltc ASI’werc mis-
lead. This is not good reporting. Further.
the angry demonstrator was not even
qtiotcd accurately. Docs lloliling (or
ariyoncl believe that someone who tib-
\iousl) was infuriated by the ptigcrittl
\toultl actually scream out “ritpc 'cm”‘.’ ls
llllil riot soincliow inconsistent with the
ptllllIC't tlitil apparently brought the
iicttiotNittltirs to tile pageant Ill tliclirst
place" And \\'liiil are we to say of the iti-
tcrit bcltitid quoting ti J-ycrri ltld's
rcniitrk" ls ll to be assumed tltitt the
women's liioverncni is destroying the
minds tll tiltldrull loot a far cry from
Ariitii llrynnl's ctilttpttigttl'.’ In sum.
lloliliog‘s illilClt: was not innocent. and
ncithcr was Merniclstcin's. nor was the

editorials. and tidvcrtrsetttcrits. the As]
has repeatedly displayed its sexist tit-
titudcs. lqua coverage and space for
another view oirlt oftlte pagcririt was re-
quested and enied by the ASI’. 'l’ltisitrti-
clc s riot allowed in the paper. The
Ith‘l‘ claimed that it letter was the only
appropriate response. tin that the
coverage had been objective. showing
lmrh sides ol the story. This article.
therefore. had to be printed and dis-
trthutctl through chirrincls outside the
usual ones. lhc iiirliyiduals TL'hIililiti'lhlct
for this article have assumed the cost. in
time iltitl money. or prtnttrtg and dili—
trihutirig ll because we feel that sexism
must be stopped tlirou liout the universi-
ty riittl. trt partrcuiir. tltut scxtst
coverage in the ASP must be fought. ’I'he
irriin-rsily. and its newspaper. must
become ritorc than the property of its
lwlltti- iiittlc ittcittlicrs.

WW

“in,

MW 1212:...

YZLkCoW
one '

f“? a...
ma 

 

 

 

 

um...” try minim l of mu sumA flltltlll tuimnuntty

pdgcttltl lth'li l'hrougli rtcws coverach

 

    

~wvﬁ.'.e..e

 

You enjoy keeping fit. It's
good fun and good sense. You
don’t let your period stop you.
either. Because you use Tampcc
tampons.

Since they’re worn internally.
you don’t worry about chafing
or htilgcs.Tltey’rc easy to use.
too. (All the instructions you
inocd are right in the package.)
But. most importanl.Tarnpax
tampons are uniquely designed
to expand so they conform to
individual body contours.Whiclt
means there's far less chance
'ol an accident.

No wonder you'd never con-
sider any other form of feminine
protection. And no wottder
you're in such wonderful shape.

into Internist protection more women llua

TAM PAX

[lint/20M

MAlll UNlV liv tAMt'Aii lucriitt-olutttr. t'AlMttt Wt“

 

 

 

Another trade saw the New York
IKniclrs send former Maryland star
Torn McMillan to the Atlanta
Hawks for the second-round draft
choice next year.

Philadelphia placed second-year
guard Mike Dunleavy on waivers.
-Dunlcavy. the club‘s No. 4 guard.
played injust four games this season.
The 76ers still have center Daryl
Dawkins on the injured list with a
cut finger. When Dawkins returns,
the Sixers will have to trade or
release another player.

Kansas City cut forward Bob
Bigclow. it ﬁrst-round draft choice in
I975. The 6-foot-7 forward had
played in only one gametbis season.

Detroit placed guard Wayman
Britt on waivers and reactivated
forward Al Erberhard. who had suf-
fered a fractured ankle Oct. ll.

Boston was the ﬁrst team to reach
the new limit by dropping reserve
center Jim Ard last Week.

Buffalo waived rookie guard
Larry Johnson. the Braves' second-
round drttft pick this year. Johnson
played intbl'ce games. averaging two
points each time.

Billie Jean Nips
Wade In Tourney

OAKLAND (AP) A record crowd
showed its favoritism for the
American star. Billie Jean King. who
loved every cheer.

“The crowd was biased for me and
that's great. It's the ﬁrst time in many
years a crowd has been behind me
like that.“ she said Saturday night
after her 6-4. 3-6. 8-6 victory over
Virginia Wade in the best match of
the annual Wightman Cup tennis
series with Great Britain.

The US. team won three matches
Saturday night to complete a sweep
of the week's seven matches. Chris
Evert made her Wightman Cup
singles record l2-0 by demolishing
Sue Barker (H. 6-2. then she teamed
with Rosie Casals to beat Wade and
Barker 6-2. 6—4 in doubles.

Even though the last two matches
were anti-climactic. llflcl' King and
Wade battled for 2'/z hours. many iii
the crowd of ll..ll7 at the Oakland
Coliseum stayed on past midnight. it
was the biggest turnout in the 49-
ycar history of the series.

IMPORTED
*1. k7

 

© 1976 ~ 30 PROOF BRANDY - lLlPDRTED BY SCHENLEY WORLD T it I CO. N

 

PRESIDENTONIC

 

 

 

\

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE SEVENTEEN

 

,5;
g
l
4;,
1.

. . . eras.»

. "more-1‘41

.-.t 1,: 5-; .A.

.4'.‘ .3 a:

arr],

-4

sic. ‘

.‘ (Ara;

use; 3 MW». ..

c. .N.

fave-«.4:

