  
  
       

  
  
  
 
  
 
   
   
     
  
 
   
    
   
     
     
    
   
  
  
   
   
    
  
   
  
  
 
  
   
  

 

 
   
  
   
  
  
   
  
   
 
  
  
  
  
 

 

 

_ requirliiga certificate of occupancy

_, V, I vhf“!
Co ncil will neidei' .a, proposed"

 

mn‘ ' as a condition of ren-
‘ . tttf.‘ .

v ‘ - ' Code reform has
 been the subject of a

' special Council Committee on Code

Enforcement since last summer...
Their proposal before the full Coun-
cil last Monday was tabled after op-
posi wasvoiced by Coalition for
Effective" Enforcement members.

 

‘ thyroid that the ordinance would

not protect tenants who faced
retaliatory evictions or rent increases
if they complained to the city ofcode
violations.

Four SUNYA students have sued
the landlords of 48A Dove St. for
damages incurred in a Nov. I7Iirein
the building which had not been cer-

eity for no ect infalling to enforce

I he codesgb‘efore that fire. A decision J

by the city to settle out of court orto
contest the IUII is due within thirty
days. ' ’ '

Meanwhile. one city official in
charge of building inspections
resigned from that position in
December it'nd his successor follow-
ed by resigning last week. Both refus-
ed to comment on whythey resigned.

But housing has become a
political issue in Albany.

State Senator Howard Nolan.
who is running for the Democratic
party nomination for mayor. is
focusing in on it its “a matter of gross
mismanagement. Landlords are
used to the pattern of indifference
which has built up in the city for so
many years.“ Mayor Corning. who
has yet to announce whether or not

   

Tsinoe Albany is’anio‘ldct _
‘housing' probler‘rts.“"He added.

 

 

That's $89

rearenoboo

onfaresandonour

From April 1 through June 14, you an fl roundtri from
New York to Luxembourg for only $410.y p
'Iess_tltan the youth fare you'd pay on any
other scheduled airline; (Ftorn‘ Chi you pay $458 thru
April 30 and $430 from May Home 14.) All you
have to do ts be under the age of 26. .
. lung restrictions. We git/18 you thesarne
servrce you'd get from other airlines wi
exists. So. if you're not fl 'ng (l
spendtngmorethanyou veto. We'll give you
New Horizon Wed

Save$890njel
to Europe and book
anytime you want.

Icelan

. t the same high

tc to Europe, you’re
ebestdeal

Tours. too.

fares

 

_I
8_I

andic.AirIlnCS. Dept.

 

OUTS _

i, .
. Box ’105.  ad:N.Y 11552 H
[Sigma maggot talzil free: ltaco) 5551212.
‘ ornaT :{n as andlcpe. rs owmatfaresand New

 

 

> Z
n. a:
E- 5
re a
in
in

 

City State

LFares subject to change and guv't. approval.

Zip

 

 

 

Icelandic

Lowest Jet fares to Europe of any scheduled airline.

 

 

 

(212) 570-5640

 

PAGE TWO

SPENDING THE SUMMER
IN new YORK?

ADVANCE YOUR COLLEGE CAREER.
TAKE SOME COURSES AT HUNTER.

e we “we
w Fawn-w

“also WW Mr]
M Medium m“
cm w Alum
M rusty, humanistic-
WI Hut-Eccmnlas W
Emmi: m and“
Brandon Urban“-

SGOOL m m -
HUNTER COLLEGE
OF THE CITY WVERSI‘IY 0' MW YOM

"5 PARK AVENUE. NEW YORK. N.Y. i0021

 

j—J

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

y. there are

however. that there ,is no city'in-
dill'erence to those problems.

Over thirty SUN YAstt‘fdents have
been forced to find new housing as
results of at least six separate fires.
As SUNYA expanded from a
teacher's college in the early I960‘s to
a university of" l5.000 students to-
day. and as much Albany housing
was razed when the state‘s South
Mall was built. a seller's market with
a deteriorating product emerged.

Students are signing illegal leases
because they are afraid that it is the
only way in which they can find an
apartment. Code violations go un-
reported because of fear oflttndlord
retaliation.

Yet there is a movement to relieve
tenants of some of these plights.

The city is aware of some public
opinion in favor of tighter code en-
forcement through the development
of a strong tenant groupthroughout
the city. 'They have been sued for
negligience in the matter for the first
time in city history.

Off-Campus Housing is preparing
a para-legal program on
landlord/tenant law for next year.
Klirlcen Karlson. OCH Director.
has expressed the desire to better
coordinate SA. OCH. and city ef-
forts in following up on housing con-
ditions and began suchef'forts by dis-
cussions between Coming and the
para-legal people last week. SA had
made its entry into the landlord
business by purchasing two
buildings through Student
Dwellings. Inc. in order to provide
improved off-ellmpus housing.

It appears that the housingissuc is
finally becoming as important to the
authorities who regulate it as it is to
the people whom it directly affects.

Lawyer Services

continued front page one

legal services task force. said lust
night at il mccting oftltc group that
the University of Buffalo pitys a
lawyer 530.000 for scrticcs that “go
through the I ull legal process in some
cases. If we want more comprehen-
sive coverage. we're going to have to
pay more money."

SA currently pays Roscnhlunt and
chertthill $0.000 for coverage
through the initial phases of arraign-
lllcltt and litigation. us well as for
free consultation and advice.

Kictrmrin stud “the evaluation
made us take il look at a relationship
we‘ve just been coasting along with.
'I‘here‘s no question but that it
provided stimulation [to see if the
present arrangement was working
for both SA and the law firm.]"

“I feel. speaking for myself. that
we‘ve been under-utiIi/cd." Kiel].-
niun said. "It didn‘t scent like
students kncw wc existed."

l'he rctaihcr with SA “is one of
our larger recurring retainers. and
that's why it‘s very desirable for us.“
he said. Because it‘s like a contract.
he explained. the amount of ntoney
involved can be budgeted in ad-
vance. “ Retainer clients are desirable
clicllts to have." he said.

He added that the preliminary
work the lirm docs with students. as
well as the fllct that students are
familiar with the firm through SA.
“often leads to other business. which
is an advantage to us."

 

want to talk it over?
roll middle earth at 457.5300

 
  
 

     

carter to A ltd NATO Summit Meeting
LONDON-(AP) President Caiter attends a North Atlantic alliance summit
meeting Tuesday that will deal witha new topic—civil defense—as well as the
usual concerns of military strength and coordination. Joseph Luns. the
Dutch secretary general of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. NATo,
told a news conference Monday the Western allies have been “disagreeany
impressed” bythe Soviet Union's new program of building bomb shelters and
otherwise bolstering defense of the populace agath nuclear attack. The
West has lagged behind in civil defense preparations. Luns said.

Carter Proposes More Texas to Save Social Security
WASHINGTON (AP) In an effort to keep the Social Security system from
going broke. President Carter proposed Monday to make employers and
middle and upper income workers pay more taxes. The proposal also would
use general tax funds to bolster Social Security reserves for the first time. The
plan sent to Congress by the White House would fundamentally alter the
traditionally independent system of financing Social Security entirely
through special payroll deductions marked “FICA” on nearly every payroll
stub. Vice President Walter F. Mondale. who announced the proposal whilc
Carter was traveling in Europe. said it wduld keep President Franklin l).
Roosevelt's promise of 42 years ago that Americans could live “with n
measure of dignity and financial security" after retirement.

Sudget Finally Passed Alter Compromise
WASHINGTON (AP) The House approved a resolution Thursday calling
for federal expenditures of $464.5 billion and a deficit of'$66.4 billion in fiscal
I978. The 2f] to I79 votc came after Democrats closed ranks and supported
a compromise on the hard-fought issue of defense outlays. The outcome was
a victory for Democratic leaders. who had warned that the two-year-old
procedure for Congress to write a federal budget was threatened by initial
failure to agree on the fiscal plan for the year beginning Oct. I. When the
House Budget Committee sent its ﬁrst version of a budget resolution to the
floor last week. it was defeated by a 320-84 vote.

Home of Eleanor Rooseveltto Become Historic Site
WASHINGTON (AP) The House voted 337 to 43 Monday to make it
national historic site out of the former home of Eleanor Roosevelt. The
Secretary ofthc Interior would be authorized to buy the land as Val Kill ill
Hyde Park. N.Y.. and create the public site. Eleanor Roosevelt. the
politically active wife of President Franklin D. Roosevelt. would be
commcmmoraied by studies. lectures. seminars. and the activities thcch'hc
bill authorizes 3575.000 to buy the land and $420,000 to develop it. The
House stipulated that ii maximum of 550.000 of the development money
could be used to build it memorial to Mrs. Roosevelt on the site. The bill
needs Scntitc approval before going to President Carter for his signaturc.

Conservation Commissioner Wants Money
WASHINGTON (AP) New York State‘s environmental conscrvrttioncoln-
missioner appealed to Congress Monday for $25 million to help defray the
cost to coastal stiilcs of doing research on off-shore oil and natural gzi»
development. Peter A. Berle told a special House committee on the oillcl
continental sthI'thlit tltc slates needed the momcy over the next five years in
assure that environmental safeguards would be met. Congress is considering
proposals Illill “call for it great deal of state participation at the policy illltl
technical levels." he testified. Our intention is to make responsible rcqllcnls
for information so as to be able to accurately assess the impact of fcdcrlil oc—
tions beyond the three-mile limit that ultimately affect the coastal Itmt‘ "

Carey Voices Opposition to Death Penalties
ALBANY. N.Y. (Al’) Uov. Hugh Carey said flatly on Monday that he “I”
veto any death penalty bill while he is governor. "I will not send anyone to lhc
death chamber." said Carey. who has often previously stated his personal
opposrtlon to capital punishment. “I will veto arty death penalty bill." he
added. thus clearing up earlier confusion about his position. While Carey find
previously indicated that he would bar any executions during his lcrm. in.-
bird left open the possibility that he would sign a limited death bill ilnd lhcn
commute any death sentences that are imposed. State law now provides .l
mandatory death penalty for convicted killers of police officers and prison
guards and for prisoners convicted of murder while serving a life SCIIIUIIL'C

“The Utloa Coffee Party" Takes Place

UTICA. N.Y. (AP) Citing high coffee prices as sufﬁcient grounds for .l
protest. about 60 persons dumped an estimated 300 pounds of coffee lnlU l he
Eric Barge Canal Monday. in the “Utica Coffee I’any." Restaurant owners
and waitresses from three central New York counties staged the event in
protest soaring coffee prices. but also to object to proposals in Congress to
raise the minimum wage to $3 an hour. Light rain and snow was falling its lllc
protesters solemnly carried coffee onto the Uencssee Street Bridge. Him.
they dumped coffee. loose and in bags. into the canal. Ironically. much of the
loose groilnds blew back in their faces. Over their jackets and cools. the
demonstrators wore T~shirts reading. “The Utica Coffee Party". They carrn-o
signs reading "We‘re getting coffee shoved in our cans."

Oil Companies Stripped of Right to Buy Oil
WASHINGTON (AP) In a’ surprise move. the' House Uovernnn-nl
Operations Committee voted to strip U.S. oil companies of their right It!
purchase oil and give that authorityto the federal government. By an lit to In
Y0“. the committee added the amendment to President Carter‘s legislation
for a new Cabinet-level energy department.

MAY 10. 1977

 

 

 

 

"Iconstriiction- of tr parking lot 0  I.
i students were-given lenient treatmentjhy‘th’e courts. "
thc' pay.parking~lot was built. - .r   , .,
I GREEN MACHINES FACE EXTINCTION: Green
SUN YA buses will be tithing of‘the past. ifth'c Capital
District Transportation Authority gets its way. CDTA
wants to take over the SUNYA shuttle. but Alumni -
Quad residents have raised a mighty uproar in
disagreement. cliiimingthat service willsul'fer;Thc issue
hall yet to be resolved. 7 A

0 SA LANDLORDS; With the intention of providing
improved off-campus housing. SA purchased two
buildings last month through the new Student
DWcllings. Inc.

No triiil has been set to date.

    

UFS/SIEVEN RUFFERIERG

JIII"

O HERE WE GO GREAT DANES. HERE WE GO: I-or the first titnc in history'lhc Albany State Great
Dunc biiskcthnll icnlli Clllllt.‘ Iloltlc with fire SUNYAC championship. By posting heart-pulsating victories
«tell its the mic mcr I’lnllshurgh. the llllllcstldvttnccd all the wrtyto tltc NCAA Eastern l'inals.whcrcthcylosl
h_\ one point lo f )nconln. lhls year also marked the end of thcfltmcd Albilny-Sicnit rivalry. withthc VL‘fylilhl
gnnlc holding up in tile Iliillcs win column. ortc of lllc greatest victories of the year.
0 TUNE IN ON FM. SUNYA STYLE: Alter I4 years of hopes and dreams. WSUA is finally goilig I‘M. In
January. tllc l't‘t' granted permission to construct it tell writt Class Deducutionuf FM station. The station.
\\llti.\t.‘ llcu call lcllt‘l‘s llil\t,' not yet been decided. will be operating on afrequcncyof‘90.9 mill. and is hoping
Ill he on thc‘lllr h) Scplcltlbcr.
0 JOHNNY GET YOUR GUN: One of the more toilchy issues of the year has hecnlhc question of whether
cnnlpln pollt-c lllllct‘l‘\ should be armed. After it first proposal to arm all officers on the nigllt dcsk and iii
pill rol ciirs tins rejected by i he Unversity Senate. ll second pllln was proposed: thc arming ofcops only in night
plltlol curs. Ihls proposal was accepted.
I FIELDHOUSE DREAM FAILS: I’Ians lorthc construction ol'li lWo million dollarficldhousc were laid to
IL‘\l March l4. \\'llt.‘ll ii referendum on financing the project over it period of 20 years with an additional
lntlcnl lil.\ of hilﬁfl ll sclncnlcr failed to get insufficient turnout. Thirty-four per cent ofthc eligiblc studcnt
p tillllillltill \ntctl. (“of short of the forty per cent required to make the vote legitimate. The Student
Recreation L'cnlcr Colllliutlcc said the f‘ieldhousc was needed to reduce overcrowding in the present gym.
0 BOTTLES CANNED: An experiment on State Quad that switched soda in vending machines from
tllspmnhlc calls In returnable bottles did not result in it campus-wide change-over. as N Yl’lltti had hoped.
(inc of the rczlsonnlhc HAS lltllll‘d of Directors giivc in voting against the move was Illlll chungingmuchincs
nolllll llntc inioltcil absorbing il substantial loss. NYI’IRU sought the switch forcnvironmcntul reasons.

I' AA IEICNv

MAY 10, 1977 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

     

     
     
     

      
     
    
     
   
   
   
    
  
     
 
  

UPS/ml TACO“

0 MARC BENECKE SAGA: What began as a routine audit which showed the Class of‘7li around S4il00in
the red Ior“over-spending“. slowly unraveled into the subsequent suspension and arrest oi'f‘ormcr Class of ‘7b
l’rcsidcnt Marc Bellcckc for the alleged thcft ofthc funds. Bencckc agreed to pay the class restitution for the
funds over it IS month span. After being arrested and indicted. however. and after it' change in liluycrs.
Ilcllt‘ckc rcncgcd on his 1 Ilird scheduled payment. which brings the wltnle balance due. At last count of what is
becoming more a sagathan a story. Henccke pleaded not/guilty to the charges after beingindicted last month

0 FIRES PLAGUE OFF-CAMPUS STUDENTS: Five apartment fires affecting 24 SUNYA students
brought to light deficiencies in city housing code cnf'orcements and resulted in at least two laWsuits. ollc'
landlord arrest. a lining. and four student injuries. A building at 48A Dove Street. with no fire escape
rind itosprinklcr system. burned Nov. l7. injuringf‘our SUNYA students. one ofthcm seriously. A fire I-ch. N
at Iolt Wcstcrn Avcnuc lclt ten students homeless. and another at (i9 North Allen Stl‘cct evicted four students
I‘ch. I}. l‘Il‘CS in student dwcllings on South Allen and Willctt Strccts involved scvcn others. l l

O COMPUTER TAPS OUT: I'hc Higher Education Services Corporation. supposedly due to this year‘s
Ctln\‘cl‘hltlll to it new coltlputcr system. became hopelessly bitckloggcd in the processing of this year‘s |.'\|_’
awards. I’i‘oblcnis continue. with many people questioning the corporation's tlhilityto cope efficiently with
the new tippli 'ittions that iirc currently pouring in.

O DOCTORAL LOSSES: In one court dccision.thc SU N Y Board of ’I'rustccs lost it power struggle tiith the
New York State Ilottrd of Regents. and SUNYA lost its doctorill programs in history and liilglish. lhc
decision ruled that the Regents had the power to terminate programs within the SUNY system which
they deemed unacceptable. After the two programs were given such a rating. SUNYA set forth
an lnlprmcmcnt plan for the two programs. While the efforts in English have home some fruit. such its the
hiring of John (lcrhcr as chairman. efforts at luring history scholars to SUNYA have thus far failed.

,,a

-, . As .
.. m .
uNIvetis Photo SERVICE

 

s GENE SPLICING SPLITS CAMPUS:
Controversy arose this year as the Biology Department
announced plans to conduct research utilizing recombi-
nant DNA techniques. After much publicity and several
pro/con dchitlcs. the controversy continues. A
minimum containment facility will be built this summer
and rcscllrch Will begin soon thereafter.

0 EMMETT GOES HOME TO DIXIE: After a two
year term as prcnidciit of SUNYA. Iiinnlelt Fields will
be leaving here for Vanderbilt University. where ilc will
scl‘tc its president. l‘iclds was dealt ol the College of Arts
lllld Sclcllccn ill Vanderbilt for nine years School of
Criminal Justice Dclln Vlilccnt t)‘l.ellry was selected to
hc lictlng SUN Y A president whilcthc search forlhc new
top hilllllnli hcglns.

O AHH. BLISSFUL OBLIVION: As summer
llppl'ollchcs. olic realizes that the pl’oblclllb and
excitement of this year will soon- be placed into i;
proportion lind stored away. To help in that process. ‘
thousands of SUNYA (and not so SUNYA) students
attended Saturday‘s Muyf'clit. drinking and smoking.
dancing and singing. drinking and drinking. and just
trying to forget wltlttcvcrthc Itcll happened in this year.

more Tristan

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

