   

"In em.”

. v.-

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

An Escort Service
Just Might Work

by Teri Holbrook

Last semester the A SP reported two
attempted rapes on campus. Panic resulted
among women on campus and informaleseort
services sprouted. Women would wait for each
other and walk home together. Women with
cars took other women downtown soas not to
have to walk to the parking lots alone. inade-
quate lighting on campus became a target of
criticism.

To help alleviate the increasing violent
crime rate. student security patrol will be in
effect starting sometime in April. One of its
primary focuses will be escorting women
around campus at night. 'l'hisis hardly a novel
idea. and has been successful on other cam-
puses for quite some time.

Justiﬁcation for an escort service at Albany
State has existed for quite some time. it was
the unknown fact. We knew rape and sexual
abuse occurred on campus. but towhat degree
was difficult to ascertain. Campus security
said it wasn‘t ti problem because no one was
reporting it. Before the Albany County Rape
Crisis Center came into existence Albany
police stated that rape was not a problem too.
again because no one was reporting it. Yet the
Albany County Rape Crisis Center presently
receives on the average of ﬁfteen calls per day.
One hundred sixty-nine cases were handled
during l976. it wasn‘t that rape was not oc-
curing. women weren't reporting it to the
police.

The Albany County Rape Crisis Center has
been working successfully with Campus
Security in the past few months on all student
ape and sexual abuse cases. A protocol'has
oeen established and a rape crisis volunteer
goes through all proceedings with student vic-

tims if the victim so desires. Women are afraid
to prosecute for many reasons —- embarrass-
ment. guilt. and fear are among the. many
feelings a rape victim goes through. A victim
does not haic to prosecute if she does not want
to. but it is imperative for campus security to
obtain as much information as possible regar-
ding actual or potential rapists. Statistics
prove that most sexual abuse and rape is done
by men who come on campus to purposely
harass women. individual women who want
to walk anywhere on campus will be escorted if
they so desire. Another role of the Student
l'atrol Would be to cover prime areas (library.
Campus Center, parking lots) and guard
against potential abuse. The patrol will be
given information regarding the physical
makeup of reported assailants and will assist
police in the apprehension of these assailants.
Even ifa woman does not want to prosecute. a
reported assailant who is spotted on campus
can be checked to determine whether or not he
is a student. If he is not. he can bccharged with
loitering and ordered off the campus. Under
no circumstances wrll confidential informa-
tion regarding victims bc divulged to members
of the Student Patrol,

These are some of the basic functions of the
Student Patrol. A committee is presently
organizing a list of specific duties and policies
regarding the activities of the Student Patrol.
The committee hopes to keep in contact with
the campus community by means offuture ur-
ticles in the ASP. and posters.

There is no question that the problem of
violent crime. especially rape and sexual
abuse. exists on campus. The concentrated ef-
forts ofstudents. administrators. fucuity.and
security will be needed tothwart this problem.

 

a president
. . . please
-To the Editor:

Rumors have been circulating in the ad-
' ministration building. and elsewhere. that the
Committee of Coneertted Faculty is responsi-
ble for sending letters to two super-stars
recently hired in the history department. who.
after being informed ofconditions at SUNYA.
withdrew their acceptance of employment
here. Th‘c-committce is not responsible for
contacting these or any other prospective or
recently hired employees at this school.

It is symptomatic of its own weakness that
the administration in the manner ofan Agnew
blames its own failures on its critics. For the
last twenty months we have seen one failure
after another in recruiting faculty and ad-
ministrators. We have seena drastic shattering
of faculty morale (which may explain the
letters complained of by the administration).
extensive litigation against administrative ac-
tions. a dramatic decline in graduate
applications. an AAU l’ investigation. and the
loss and legal failure to regain the English and
History l’h.D. programs despite massive
financial subsidies funded by abandoning
twenty degree programs. In addition there has
been the failure to cxtahiish due process or
equitable standards in personnel decisions. the
failure to purge the mission statement ofliftcd
materials. the failure to replace terminated
faculty with others of even equal quttlity
despite inflated expenditure. the failure to
take seriously the requirements of affirmative
action(which has led to severe criticism from
both within and without) and the failure to
mask in any way a complacent tolcration of
the effectiveelimination of tenure in SUNY. It
is the chronic lailttrc of the administration to
act in good faith. not the language of its text.
that has giien the ncw contract its real
significance.

Let the administration not ask if the Com-
mittee of Concerned Faculty is. betraying
SUNYA. Anyone with discernment and
foresight. here or elsewhere. can identify the
reason for tn it years of very damaging failure.
We need a new prcsidcnt.

Clifford W. Brown. Jr.
Department of Political Sctcncc

 

toaster sunday
blues

To the Editor:

This letter is being written to ask “it:
students of this uniVersity ifthcy are aware of
the fact that we’will be returning‘from Sp: tltg
vacatibn on Easter Sunday.

lnthe past.theadministration ofthisscitool
has been conscious of'the observance of” litttsl
religious holidays. This year. for some lltlL‘\-
plainable reason. they haVc decided to do-
regard the most holy religious observance u.
the Christian calendar. It seems to Us th.o
nothing but callous irreverence could account
for this occurrence. ‘

We ask the administration to reconsider tltt'
decision that is. for all practical purpw-c-
preventing the Christian community of tin.
university from celebrating Easter Suttdtn Ill
a manner that affords due reverence to “Ms
most sacred of holy days.

Susan AiL‘Mllltit’l
Cheryl licntlt-t

l’am l"o|c|cu ~ L.

. Tricia Kcunct

we need
recreation

To the Editor:

Your article in the Marclt ll issttt‘ of lift
ASI’. concerning the Recreation Dorm t.» I».
located in Ten Eyck Hall. on Dutch f)u.m
brought to mind a uttiquc living L'\pctlt‘tt.t .'
once had. Last year i had the good littlttlu In
five iii the Alternate Living l-mirouu..o'
(ALE) on floors 20 and 2f ol Sill'HL'ntL'
Tower.

l found tltat there was a closer L'Ullllltllllll'
in ALE than in‘ other sections l‘tc li\Cti n:
Residents knew each other bcttcr. COUPL‘ltllt'tl
more with one another. and took a git-um
responsibility in planning section ilL'lI\|lIL'\ I
was able to get more out of ALE than otlm
sections because l was closer of different I\ pt'~
ofpcoplc. llcarncd from thctn. and Wits llilltt'ti

 

 

An Evening With
Harry and Barbara

by David Troeger

Next timeyou sit downto watch the evening
news turn the dfal to Channel 13 and watch
Harry Reasoncr and Barbara Walters. All
may be calm and quiet on the front lines. but
stories in the press paint a picture ofdisarray
and disagreement up in headquarters. The dis-
agrccmcnt is a philosophical one. based on the
question of what a broadcast news show
should be.

On the one hand are those who would like
to loosen up the hard news. in hopes ofevcn-
tually turning the news department at ABC
into a success. It would be something similar
to what the entertainment department recent-
ly experienced. 0n the other hand. there are
those who/uvor the hard news approach. it
allows the journalist to give the people the
news they should be aware of. rather than the
news he thinks the vicwcrs want to see and
hear. The distinction between the two may
seem distant and perhaps unimportant. but i
think not if given a chance to explain.

Tens of tniflions of people watch network
news every night. if one of the three major
networks is attempting to alter the face of
network news. (changing from hard new to a
looser approach). that inevitably means alter-
mg the public reality and the way it is perceiv-
ed ' by millions of vieWers nightly. To ‘get
ratings up it may be fine in the entertainment

 

 

department to give people what they \\ttttt II
this is done ina news department. it pcoplculr
given what they want. then they will becouic
isolatcd and insulated from tltc world.

Unfortunately. if it comes down to one ap-
proach or the other. at ABC it will probably be
withthe looser.casicrapprouclt ft) the persona
ol Barbara Walters. ()nc indication of this is
anarticlc which states that RooncArlcdgc. the
successful head of ABC Sports. may be con»
sidered to lend his talents to tire (lily-iU-tiit)
operations of the news department. Arlcdgc
has developed quite alivcly style of his own for
ABC Sports. Arledge said Harry Reasonet
has been given his chance. and that alter sot
years he hasn‘t done anything with the news
show.

The ideal situation would be one witetc
ratings do not matter and a new show could
truly be one‘s window of the world. All(‘
seems less and less concerned with that win»
dow and more concerned with the window
dressing.

If Harry Reasoncr should leave AllC cvcu—
tually i can think of a brilliant replacement
that will really boost the ratings. it'll be the
first news program anchored solely by women.
flow does this sound! “The ABC Evening
News with Barbara Walters and Barbra
Streisand." '

Window dressing, anyone?

in a position of leadership. This positive at-
mosphere developed because students who
chose to live in ALE had a common purpose

‘ and worked together to achieve it.

The idea ofthe Recreational Diwn seems to
be quite similar. Students who have
recreational interests could live in Ten Eyck
with the knowledge that they must develop
specific programs. and fttcilitate the develop-
ment ofa close community. Hopefully. things
will work out as well in the Recreation Dorm
as they did in ALE.

i would urge students to check out the
Recreation Dorm at the interest meeting to be
held Sunday. March 27. at nine o’clock”

. ' James Dunlay

all about
telethon

To the Editor:

Say the word Telethon. instantly images of
a tired ballroom. after thnty—four hours of
songs and laughter. are created. i would like
you to thinkabout the other side of Telethon.
The real side of Telethon.

Telethon is the culmination of a massive.
yeur-long. effort by hundreds of people. The
true meaning of'that effort is not the successful
production of an entertaining show. however.
The real side of Telethon is in the hearts and
minds of the children of Wildwood and

‘loved in return. it is experienced far longer

  
  
 
 
 

 

anyone who is fortunate enough to become a 7
part of their lives. Telethon provides the uni-
que opportunity for a child'to‘ grow. and to
grow with him. to show a child love. and to feel

To Seek Out New '

A‘ university must —'-even more so than the society itserves — prov'i
for an atmosphere of free intellectual endeavor. It must promote'theg ,
freedom to pursue". any avenue of research, be it uniﬁed» field theory.
equationsior recombinant DNA techniques. ~ 1 A J ', . .7

The opposing sentiments to this research come straight out of a l949; ' ‘
science fiction thriller: “We are meddling with things man was not meant '
to know!" . ‘

This attitude is absurd. To calla halt to research simply because it may
yield dangerous results would be a huge step backwards.‘ '

Of course. in embracing freedomﬁresponsibilit’y must also be
acknowledged. All available precautions should be takEt to insure that
any risk is indeed minimal.

The Biology Department is in the process of censtructing a contain-
ment facility rated at the P(2) level by HEW’s National institutes of
Health. That's only a “minimal” rating. amounting to nothing more
than sterilization procedures and a few warning signs.

If the university is planning to continue its work with recombinant
DNA. it should do so in a more responsible fashion. A containment .

than the twenty-four hours of Telethon. for
anyone who sets foot in the ballroom during
those twenty-four hours takes a little piece of
that feeling home with him.
it is now one year since I was involved with
Telethon._That feeling still sparks a warm
glow in me when I recall the smiles. the
laughter. and the love that those young
children shared with me. That is what
Title/hon is all about. it is something that we
very rarely have a chance to experience.
Last year. we looked to the children. We
found them. This year. Telellrott will take
thosc children and help them build a rainbow.
Ben part of it. If" you are not..you will never
know that the rainbow being built is not only
for the children. but for you as well. The pot of
gold at the end is the love that will become a
part of you. and live within you. for years.
.lerry Garlick
Chairman of Operations

Telethon I976

The Albany Student Pm: welcomes letters
to the editor. I etters' must be typewritten.
triple-spaced, and signed. Names will be
withheld on request. Please bring or send
letters to Can. pus Center Room 329 by
Wednesday for publication in the Friday
issue and by Sundu y for the Tuesday L'rsue.

 

 

 

 

J

Lancelot to the Rescue

by Richard Mermelstein

While walking into LC l8 to see Albany
State Cincma‘s presentation of Camelot. l was
asked what time the movic should end. it was
|0:00. Knowing that tltc film was 3'/g hours
long. I estimated lz3f). The surprise and dis—
gust I felt when this edited version ended at
|2245 reminded toe of a similar aggravation
not too long ago.

i was watching Casablanca on TV last year
when suddenly I had this feeling that
something was wrong. Icouldn‘t place exactly
what it was. but it seemed that the pace ofthe
movie that i had seen and loved seven times
before was slightly off.

Finally, I realized that the scene in which in-
grid Bergman visits Bogart alone for the first
time since coming to Casablanca had been
followed by the meeting between Major
Strasscr and Captain Renault. The entire
l’urisjlm'ltbut'k had been cut out. How the hell
could Wl’lX expect anyone watching the
movie for the first time to know what Bogie
meant at the end when he said. “We'll always
have Paris.“ without even showing what Rick
and Ilsa had find in Paris.

infuriated. I called up Channel ll. bitched
and shouted forfch minutes. barely allowing
the poor secretary to say that the decision was
hardly hers and that the station manager
couldn‘t be reached until the following day.
She said she'd relay the message to him. but I
doubt if she ever did.

l‘m not about to blow my sccottd chance of
complaining directly to those who pass off a
mercilessly sliced tnovie to the public without
forewarning them. So. smile. heads ofAlbany
Cinema, the camera's on you.

Second only to Casablanca on my list of
favorite pictures is Cumclot. which i had the
misfortune of seeing March ll thanks to
the courtesy. or more accurately. the greed. of
Albany Strife Cinema. Camelot is. ofcourse.
the story of King Arthur. his wife Guinevere,
his mentor Merlyn, Sir Lancelot. et al. The
most noticeable victim of this particular edi—
tion of Camelot was Merlin.

For some reason. the hatchet wielding
editors of this copy deemed Arthur's teacher
either unimportant or offensive. for we see and
bear little of him. We are not told. as we tire in
the original. that Mcrlyniives backwards. and

. WM... ~s~¢nnw=uwx~as~l~ilmythi .mv WHMs‘Asmrrnh‘klxm
» . . ,. . V. ..¢_.. mi.  3

hence. remembers the future. Nor do we see
Merlyn instruct Arthur to become like a bird
to peer over Camelot; or see hint enable
Arthur to become a fish: or see Arthur as the
king speaking in unison with Arthur as a boy
at the same stream. Obviously. like chivalry.
fantasy is dead.

Arthur and (iuincverc‘s mutual devotion is
also slightcd. Soon after their marriage.
Arthur conceives the idea ofthe Round Table.
But in thc original version. we see that it is Jon-
ny‘s love and belicfin him that spurs thc idea.
after a five minute discussion in their room.
Granted. Jenny does the entire scene draped
only in a towel. but only a puritanical ccnsor
would deem this unfit for college eyes. cs-
pccittlly eyes that could have watchcd French
liluc the following night via Albany State
Cincmn‘s projectors.

When Jenny and Arthur almost get back
together during "What Do the Simple Folk
Do‘l“. the viewer ought to be a little moved. as
the two indulge in simple pleasures such as
laughing and whistling and dancing. Accor-
ding to tire chopped version of the song.
tltough. the sitnplc folk only dance. A joyous
eight minutc song was backed down to three
tnintitcs.

0

And finally. we were deprived of a simple
but powerfully tragicomic linc spoken by King
Arthur to young Thomas at the conclusion,
Upon being informed that the child wanted to
be a Knight ofthe Round Table. Arthur asks.
“And where. may 1 ask. did you hear ofthis ex-
tinct profession?" The change of tense Arthur
used a few seconds later in the song Camelot
(“. . .thcre was a place called Camelot." as op-
poscd to the earlier iinc claiming that there isa
place called Camelot) would seem even more
tragic had we been allowed this comic relief.

The point here is not to condemn Albany
State Cinema for the cuts» they didn't do the
editing. But they should be held accountable
to anyone wishing to get their money returned
for this reason: we Were not told beforehand
that We were seeing an edited copy. In my
mind, their advertising was fraudulent.

Some peoplc claim that it was Guinevere
who caused the rttitt of Camelot. Others bltinte
Mordrcd. and still others, Lancelot. f blame
Albany State Cinema.

 

facility should be at least a P(3) “moderate” level facility. involving
tighter controls over air flow. laboratory traffic and transport of ex-

perimental materials.

Accessibility to information seems to be no problem. The Biology
Department is willing to educate the public, and the university should
not hesitate to take advantage of this offer. Some kind of seminar or
press conference could be arranged. perhaps on a regular basis, to
facilitate the informing of the university community on SUNYA's
progress in its genetic experimentation.

The technique of recombinant DNA offers promise. ltcould prove to
be especially valuable in the treatment of various diseases. and in the
production of beneficial enzymes for agricultural and industrial use.
These reasons alone constitute an obligation to_ continue research.

 

 

 

I feel I have I‘t‘]ll‘l‘.\'(‘"/(’t/ my constituents and made more monet- than I lttll't‘ lust.

Quote of the Day

 

 

l’aul Birnbaum 

Dutch Quad Central Council Representative 1

 

 

l)it\'c S) Ivcstcr

Kevin Rnilcy
Zodiac News: Alice Kohn

AS

thuxnn MrrtMttsrrzm. Managing Editor

I’Artuck MrthNN. Production Manager

Ntws tion'oit . . . . , . , . . . . .
Assttt‘tA'tE usws tntrott
Asl'ficib rut'roti , . , . . . , . .

Assot'txtt; xsnt'rs cottons . . . . . . . , . . . . . , . . . .. .lttNAlllAN Plays. Donornv ZELIN

Enttotuxt. moss l.l)t't'nl| . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. (inuotntv l’xvus ,

Scouts izoitoit . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . .. MICHAEL l’lliKAkSKl "

Assoctx‘rt srottrs EDITOR . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . , . . EDDIE EMIERMAN .‘

Assot't/m rttonttt'rtoN mutton . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. l’Int.|v MOL‘I‘ER '_.

Amturtsmo Mxmo‘uts . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. LISA BtoNno. S'ttttutuN tum/mm l

Assoctx'tt: Itnvut'rtsmo MANAGER . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . BRIAN Cantu. 1?.

Stu/l urttt'n: Alan Alpct. Benjamin Alter.
llndn i‘fltitl. Mutt Kuulntnn.
Inward Rndcr. l’attl Roscntltal.
Susan ‘intkowskt. ltlltott Schcr.

Tower 'I‘rihunt' manager: l'lortt' Shcrtrer
AJ’. ntunugt'rt.‘ Rchccca Lunxuct.

I’revtrw: Nancy limcrson. Jody Wilner
Ill/ling flt’t'tﬂlllllllll.‘ Carol Cotriss
I’ttrmll manager: Ellen Fine
fitted/feds: David Phillips

Photo manager: Tony ’l'ussurotti

l'ht' Album Student l'rm is published every ’l'ut'sday and Friday during tltarcltoo/yeur by the 
.Atlbuuy Slut/Wt! I’rtui (‘ur/mrun‘nn. on independent not-for-proﬁt organization. Editorial policy 
n t/t'lt'l‘lillllt'tl by lllt' Ia'tlttur-in-(‘ln'eﬁ and is sulrjet'l to revt't'ii' by the Masthead Stu/ﬂ Malling 

(It/([Vt’JJ.‘ Albany .S'Ittdt'nl l’rtui. CC 32‘). I400 Washington Avenue, Albany. New York 12222.

 

SPICNCE, Hutu-to. Etlitur-In-(‘hit-j'

MICHAEL Atttws. Business Manager

 

ltimn liotJIuaito ‘
THOMAS MARTsLLo .
. . . . . .. MAttt‘ Attxth

. , . . . . , . . . .. JONATHAN llono

     

 
 
 

   
    

__________..._——
I‘rmlut-tt'on: Wendy liedermnn. Sally Ann Brecher
Karen Cooper. Leslie Eisenstein. Joyce
licigcnbuum. James Fox. Tom (.iionis.
Sully Jugust. Debbie Kupf. Vicki
Kurtlman. Laurie Lesko. Jeff Levitun.
Lorraine Liberatorc. Louise Marks. Carol
McPherson. Janet Meunier. Jnnet Rciter.
Debbie Ricger. Meg Roland. Joun
Silvetblatt. Laurie Studwell. Sharon Stylit.
Kim 'l‘ummolo. Laura Wulke
Composition: Ellen Boisen. Jeff Aronowitz
Graphics: Frank Smith. Steve Altnasi \
Morgue: Sandy Robinson
Circulation: Claudia Stnnek \ .
ES'I'AIILISIIED [9/6

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

AleN)’ srudeur pmsss conporurion ‘ 

S'l'tit’llttN DZINANKA 0 Seance RAGGIO 0 DANIEL UMNES

 

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

 

 

 

 

 

