 

 

 

 

 

 

 r a .‘  "Tami? ispighting tor-Her: ‘ } ile- .. +-

 - ’ ' ' Seewhat you can do“ ‘

 

Come to a

Bagel Brunch . 
l 5 d . A rll 17th at 12:30 pan.
, Mr. David Lissy "n as p

. C. C. Assembly Hall
will speak about how you can help.

 

GET INVOLVED IN KO-ACH (UJA) CAMPAIGN

Minimum donation: 5Oc
Pledges will be accepted

sponsored by:
Jewish Students Coalition-Hillel

funded by student association

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

LAW SCHOOL INTERVIEWS

Counselors are
available daily at the

UNIVERSITY OF SAN FERNANDO VALLEY
COLLEGE OF LAW

to offer guidance and career planning

- UNIVERSITY

—_LONG ISLAND ;

PARALEGAL
STUDIES PROGRAM

THE BROOKLYN CENTER
AND AMERICAN PARALEGAL STUDIES CORP.

 

 

A New Career in The Legal Fieldi
Develop the skills required to become a trained I
Legal Assistant. An intensive ZOO-hour day or evening
course of study.

EMPLOYMENT ASSISTANCE SERVICE INCLUDED
For Further information Call (212) Bill-8366 or writn
Paralegal Studies Program

' Continuing Education. Rm. M801
LIU Brooklyn Center. Brooklyn. NY. 11201

Call or write USFV, 8353 Sepulveda Blvd.
Sepulveda, California 91343. Tel. 312-89467] l

 

College of Law offers a full-time 3 year day program as well as part-time day and
evening programs and the school is fully accredited by the Commrttee of Bar
Examiners of the State Bar of California.

 

 

 

 

 

NEW INTERDISCIPUNARY CUURSE
' HUMANITIES 270‘: “

mortar new: or m \
HUMAN common  a:

.7143

FAST FOR THE HUNGRY
APRIL 22-23

Mu. I977
MWF II-‘IO ' 12:00

 

I Join us and discover how the rest ofthe world
doesn't eat.

    

A study of how societies and creative individuals oftheancient'nearcasland
the classical world perceived human qualities and endeavors In the face of
nature. the gods. and other people..lnlroduction to relevant literary,artlsttc.
philosophical. and religious materials and to modern academic disctplmes

that deal with these subjects.

rem-mm tr momma
tcoutsr, m

uth, aurtomv

arm. «137

IIJOIIUAIIDER, cum:
amour, classics

Good introductory course for Humanities and non-Humanities majors.

 
   

Fasters raise money by getting others to
sponsor-thorn by the hour. All proceeds go to
a self—help agricultural development project
in a third world nation and to an Albany
hunger-fighting agency.

l'()l{ MORE INI'O OR TO FAST WITH US CALL:
ED - 436-0074
MIKE - 457-3070

(Event Sponsored by People and Food with the aid of
CROP.)

funded by student association

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

Anarchy: Up and Coming

In New York State

 

William Butler Yeats once wrote:

Things fall apart. the centre can no! hold.

Mere anarchy is loosed upon the world

Without too much exaggeration it is
possible to suggest that he might have been
referring to New York State immersed in its
present liscal crisis. Essential services are
falling apart. Demonstrably basic police. fire.
transportation and education services are
crumbling ’I he Albany centre turns to
localities. says the state aid formula will be
changed so they will get less. but at the same
time must do more.

Anarchy is not yet loosed in New York
State. There is. however. an uneasy jostling
and jockeying for position among various
interest groups that seriously threatens the
social fabric. Buildingtrades unions. battered
by sky-high unemployment rates. have cast off
all restraint in their advocacy of costly and
useless or downright harmful construction
projects. Construction workers have become
the shock troops ofthe nuclear power industry
and the most vocal advocates of Westway, the
David Rockfcller boondoggle that promises
billion dollar cost overruns to build an
unnecessary superhighway along Manhatta n‘s
west side.

Senior citizens are pitted against youth. The

    

’ in

BARB

by Donald K. Rmsmsemmmmn

former want enriched Medicare plans. better
nursing home programs. reduced transit fare
programs and other beneﬁts. The young want
job training programs. better education
services without increased tuition. and more
public sector jobs.

As members of taxpayer organizations.
citizens want reduced government services. As
parents. they want good schools. and as
individuals. they want adequate police
protection and decent hospitals. Teachers
oppose education cutbacks. but grumble
about rising taxes.

Anarchy is not yet here. but the conditions
are ripe for it. With group pitted against
group. and the fear of unemployment.
increased taxes. reduced welfare payments. or
social services goading each on. severe
polarization is likely. In such a circumstance
no citizen group benefits.

What is needed is a more realistic appraisal
of New York‘s present situation and its future
prospects. At present we are immersed in a
fiscal crisis only partly of our own making.
Our own share of the blame must be laid on
the shoulders offormer Governor Rockefeller.
his political allies. the mayors of our large

. cities. and the important officials who blithely

put us into debt.

 

 The proﬂigacy'of our political leaders might .

hairc escaped serious ‘re‘percimio‘ni 'Iav‘e for “'-

the enormous public and private drain on New ‘
. York- Statcfs mount: bristle exits-minim

in large part. from the imbaia’nec'offcderaltax'
payments in proponion to the share of the
federal dollar spent in New York. For every
dollar sent to Washington only eighty-nine
cents returns. The private capital outflow is
more difficult to measure. Corporate laws

one instance. the flow out-of-state from
savings bank deposits is greatly on the
increase. About ten years ago. the state
permitted savings banks to invest up to twenty
percent oftheir mortgage money out ofstate.‘
An increasing number of banks are taking
advantage of this right with the result that
depositor dollars from Brooklyn. forcxamplc.
are going to finance condominium
construction in Arizona. Florida. or other
sunbclt states.

The present picture is not bright. However.
it is not irrctricvably black. A reversal in the
flow oftax dollars or a stiffening of the spines
of politicians might greatly change things.
What do we change lo‘.’ This is the question
that confronts decision-makers today. What
kind ofa New York State is desired? What are
our strengths? What opportunities will be
available in the future?

Unfortunately. too many of the political
forces loose in the stale do not botltcr to
confront these issues. They look to their own
short term advantage. ignoring long range

 

shield and obscure the private sector. In just I

What we need is a realistic nicsarnen
New York State's future. We cannot compete
in basic industry with a nonunionizedsouth
or cheap labor overseas. leg form that red ‘
immediately. Our strengthitiiin our service and
technical sectors. The educated work forec’the
state offers is a tremendous asset. Our dairy
farms; and our natural resources; our school
system. and our great urban center are
resources that shouldn't be squandered. We
should lead the way in environmental
standards. because in the long run such an'
action will bring mobile. high technology jobs
to the state. In contrast. relaxation of
pollution controls may keep one or another
industry operating. but new industry is not
likely to be attracted. Thcjobsaving won‘t be
worthwhile measured against the continued
deterioration of the state‘s living and working
environment.

   

We a: c not engulfed in anarchy yet. and we
probabl; won‘t be in the future. It behooves
New Yorkers to consider carefully what the
future holds. We must allocate our resources
according to a growth oriented plan and build
for a bright future. rather than continuing to
deal on a case by case basis with immediate
problems.

-. . .What They Used to Be

(‘mrlr'ntu'tlfrom page /(I

in recent months l have tried to put these
people out of my mind. I have tried to
convince myself that they never meant
anything to me. It hasn't worked.

These people are a part of me. and once
were a major part of my life. It is importantto
remember people who were once a part ofyou.

ERsﬁop FOOD

CO-OP

GENERAL MEETING

“Your steering committee is graduating

- what about

PLEASE ATTENDll

Monday night, April 18 at 8:00

CHECK CO—OP FOR LOCATION

As time passes. the wrongs are forgotten. You
are left with foundations for new
relationships. in less than one year Boston.
Copenhagen. Albany. and London will
probably be the homes for each of my friends
from last year.

It is important that each one of us keep
memories of the past alive. for without them
there is no opportunity to grow.

 

9’

next year???

funded by student association

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

KO-ACH :: Strength

the strength needed to keep a people alive
KO-ACH UJA CAMPAIGN SUPPORTS:

Absorption centers for new immigrants/
Education/ Homes for the elderly
Housing
Community Community centers
Hospitals

 

A commitment to KO-ACH is a
commitment to life

Support the KO-ACH UJA
/ CAMPAIGN4/11 -4/24

For information,

call Lisa 457-5092
Aron 472-5793

 

 

 

 

 

Jewish Students’ Coalition — Hillel

ELECTIONS

Sun. April 17 - 7:30 pm - HU 108 i ' I
The present administration will meet with anyone interested In running for oitice.
This meeting will be to discuss the responsibilities of the various elected otiices.

Tues Aprtl19 - 9 pm - LC 19 FORUM
This is the chance for the membership to meet the candidates . There will be a question and answer period.
Nominations will be closed Tues. April 19 at 9 pm.

Tues April 26 - 7:30 pm - LC 19 - Elections of Ofﬁcers
You are eligible to run for office it your have been a JSC member for 1 school year.
AI members are eligible to vote.

funded by student association

 

 

 

APRIL 15, 1977

N... sum...“ “W amp“... . a“... encum- . .“vugw1ag‘1r~au‘1 um WHIVWWWWWWMWWWWWW

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

mom THIRTEEN ‘

 
  
      

 

 

