      
    

   
 
 
 
       

Glitterati.de
. 9a; z " presents j 
‘ Country Rock oumtr

    
 
  

  

'Fris‘rlt Sat. night V ' g

’> Mon. trite 7 '

Mir/son's battle r $."50‘
9 pm - [2 ‘

    

 

g. Fatso Fogarty’s
255 New Khmer Rd. (Rt. l55)
Albany. NY. l2205 4553.3”

- Tuesday

$.50 Drinks

Wednesday!

Ladies Nile
V2 Price Drinks
Thursday

Boer Nite
Free Beer from 9 - 3 a.m.
Friday at Saturday .

 
 

 

 

 

 

Farso's Good Time Happy Hours

9-10 p.m.
Beer -$. l5 Cocktails - $.25

Fuller Rd.

6

      
 

Proper ’l‘

. Attire

 

Please

 

 

 

“the lest Movie
‘Ilcr New hon broii in fun bocli
to e moviet el
authored they still can
me I' rri ltelMYutedto.
A grand and pioneer little.“
me

an intellectually exquisrte

ill "
m. ~Ponsluon Grlirat. New Yorker Magazine

t \l'lfi KINI
tr BENEIIVI. “mm
I.I\Vl \itltt .—cns.w

‘ rrrANNtNt am

8:40
L A 10:45

A
From the author of “Taxi Driver.“
A chilling portrait of a man obsessed.

1-2-3-4-5-6

NttitlitwAr Misti vrirrmrk

 

 

 

 

 
  
   
 
 

.cbmlnurdfrfom ridge-bite p _ V
-»the Benccke case bitsedonarticles _
gtliat appeared in the/181’. , _ .
 Mid Nurembcr: University Police

beginaihcir investigation into

-. possible legal action against

lienc'ckc.

January and February.‘ I978:
Beneeiie makes his first two $200
payments to the Class of ‘78.
March 4: Results of tire University
police investigation tire presented to
a representative ” of the Albany
County District Attorney‘s office
and it warrant for Benccke‘s arrest is
signed by Judge Thomas Kecgiin of
the Albany Police Court.

March 7: Beneckc is informed by
University Police oftlre warrant rind
agrees to surrender for his arrest on
March ll.

March ll: Betteckc fails to turn
himself iii for arrest. Dept. of Public
Safety Director .iamcs Williams
notifies strife ititd area police as to l be
outstanding warrant for Bcnccke's
arrest.

Miircii I7: Benccke is arrested on the
charge of tfrird degree graitd farccrty.
licrtccke turns himself iii arid is
arraigned at Albany I’olicc Court by

‘ .ltidgc Kecgan. 'l he cltarge is based

on one party where Bencekc
alledgcdly stole .‘fil |(l0. After posting
>50 bortd money. Ileneckc is
released. Attorney Alart Adler oft he
firm of Roscnblum arid |.cventftrrf.
tlte SA retainer. accompanies
Bctteckc to his arraignment.
March 2|: State Assemblyman
l)a\'id(irecnbcrgfD-Brooklynicalls
Ior'an investigation by the legislature
of lthUNYA administration about
the handling of the Marc Benccke
situation. Assemblyntan (irccnberg
says that the University |l’olic were
“titer/cabins" and referred to
“gcstttpo tactics" irt regards tti their
investigation. (irccnbcrg. tvlto
knows licircckc personally. is the
"liatnr of tire "Batman rritd
Robin" New York City Police team
of the late sixties. well known for
their flamboyant style rtntl number
of arrests.

llrc Class of '78. in a statement
declares that they would like to see
tftejudicial pro administered iii
the Bettcckc case. lfiis comes after
concern hrid been raised by Class
officials that Judictal proceedings
cotildjcoptirdi/c llcttecke's abiliton
pay the t‘ettturnrng $2600 restitution.
lltc Class said that they favorctf
“justice first. then money."
late March: Bencckc hires
thyrtrortd l‘ischct‘ of Albarty as his
attorney.

March 3|: Berteckc misses his third
payment of restitution money. Asa
result. the full bafaricc of$2tr0ti frills
due immediately with additional
interest.

April 28: Bcncckc is indicted on fire
charge oftlrird degree grand larceny.
May 2: Beitcckc pleads not guilty at
arraignment held lIl Albarty County
Court before Judge John .1. nyrtc.
October 6: Betteckc iotrrrd not guilty
by |2jurtirs of tire clrttrgc of grand
larceny in the third degree rtt Albarry
County Court.

Class of '7li l'rcsidcrrt (irin
Bennett says that civil action might
be taken agirirtst llcrtcckc.

—-'l'. Miirtcllo

 

 

Want to talk it over?
Call Middle Earth
457-5300

Bone To Be Allowed In Processed Meat
WASHINGTON ( Ai’) Bits of bone the size of ground pepper and odd Scraps
of merit may soon find their way into bologna. sausages and'hol dogs. The
Agricult'urc Department wants to niiow bony material from ribs. backbones
and other parts of slaughtered animals to make up'20 percent of the meat
portion of processed meats. But the plan which Will take effect after tfic
public is allowcdto comment. will require labels that tell consumersyust what
they're eating. The regulations will allow bones and the hrtrd-t'o—remoyc int-"r
clinging to them to be ground up and forced through srevcs With any

o citings.
Jrosecutlon Ends Rebuttal in Zamora Case
MIAMI (AP) The prosecution ended its rebuttal Thursday in the murder
trial of Ronny Zamora. making it final attack on defense claims that the boy
was unconsciously programmed by television violence to kill an elderly
neighbor. Both sides ettdcd their case after three prosecution psychiatrin
described Zamora. l5. as a "sociopath" who knew the difference hetwucn
right and wrong when he sltot 83-year-old Elinor l‘litggart in the living room
of her Miritiii Bcacft home. Defense attorney Ellis R tibin has said his client‘s
addiction to violertt television shows caused him to become temporarin
insane and commit the killing.
Schenley Liquor Licenses May Be Revoked ' ‘
Maw \(IRK (Al’) Scltcnfey Industries, one of the nations largest Lllh'illlcrs
and importers til liquor. was accused today of funneling 3500.000 tit illegal
rebates to its distributors iii New York State. l‘he Strife Liquor Alllllttt‘llj.
tirade the accusation arid said it was corrtntcncing action aimed at revolting
the licenses that permit Sclrcnley to do business here. The alleged kickbacks
\tct'c rotrtinefy prttd and aritotirrtcd to about $500000 between I973 rind I975.
tfic Sl.A said. lire payments came to light in rr joint federal-start-
rtttestigrttiott.
Smokies Ears Are Up
\\ ASIIINti'I’UN (Al’) Motorists with CH radios are ﬁnding more rind liltil r~
Smokies equipped with cars to help in emergencies arid provide traffic
rrtlormatiorr. A survey by inspector Robert ii. Ellis. director of the I).(
Metropolitan l’olicc‘s communications division, found only tfirce 'sfrtlc
police departments not using CB radio iii some way. And fie found.“Sm:rll
towns. cotiitties arid large cities rilikc arc interfacing their police and tiffth
ptiblic safety communicationsfacilities with CB radio users.

Veteran Named in Post To Aid Handicapped
ALBANI. N.\. (Al’) lltigfi Carey f'ltursday ttttrrtcd Harold Urtterbcrg. .r
L ftnndrcrrppcd‘Wr fl‘d'Wr'r'r" l'wo \etcrrtn. as State Advocate for the l)tstlblt‘rl.
and proclaimed tlits week "I'Iutploy tltc lfrttttlicapped Week." U ittcrbcrg. of.
is a New York ('in lawyer arid a specialist iii legal rights of handicapped
persons. "We arc fortunate tofuth someone of his experience and ability lll
this important post.“ said Crrrcy. who created the $34.000-ri-ycar job by
c\cctIfI\‘c order ttt .Iunc. lirnploycrs‘ ignorance oftbcfrtw is rt hitgc barrier to
increased Job opportuirlritics for handicapped persons. Carey said.
Wholesale Prices Up in September
\‘l ASIlthi'l'ON (Al’) Wftolcsafc prices ttirrtcd upward by one—frail of orn-
pcr'cciitin September. but a government economist said Thursday there Is
no evidence that retail footf prices will begin spiraling again. The increase
follotvcd three months of declines or little change iii the Labor Department's
tt\t,'l¢illl wfrolcsalc price index. l'hc increase was tltc biggest since a | 1
percent incrcrtsc in April.just before wholesale food prices began adramrun
decline, l‘arm product prices dropped a total of |5.2pcrccnt in May through
August. translating irtto rt slower rise irr food prices at tlte grocery stoic
Unexpected Winner of Nobel Prize
Sim KIHIOI.M. Sweden (Al’) The Swedish Academy of letters on
lftur'sday awarded in |977 Nobel l’ri/e for Literature to Spaniard Vlt'L'lIlL'
Alcixandre. rt sickly r'eclu‘gc cited fora half-century of haunting StlrI‘L'ttltsllt
pocll'y that "illuminates ritrtit‘s condition in the cosmos.“ 'l‘he acrtdcmt‘»
cltorcc was a surprise tfic 70-year-old Alcixrtndrc‘s reputation has been
largely limited to the Spanish-speaking world. Such internatrornrffr
celebrated authors as Britain‘s Doris Lessittg. 'l'urkcy's Yasar Kcmal and
W est (icrmany's (iucittfrcr (r'rass find been prominently tncrttiorrcd as front
rtrnrtcrs for this year's award.

"I Love New York Festival” On For Saturday
ALBANI. N.\’. (Al') Ihc stark inarbfe and glrtss facades and austere lIlIt\
ol Albany‘s lampire State f’fa/rt will be softened Saturday by rut-'t'lt'“
cfotttrs. musician. etliitic food and crrtft displays. and art expected crowd of
tftritisrmtfs_ for the "i Love New York |"it|l Festival." The N.ittun.rt
Weather Service says its long-range forecast calls for SIIIISlllllI‘ .itul
Icrrtpctattrrcs iii the 50's during the day—long event. btrt festival lilrtlttlti-
proritrsc tliat tfic show \vrll gti on ito rtrattcr tvltat tfic weather. lltc lL'\l|\.|f it
\Lllctflllctl to bcgirt at if) rt.m. ttttlta tron-stopcalendarof ctcntstliat fc.t|trrr~
c\cty kind of music front tfic Rochester l’liifhtirrnortic to tire 0er“
Stornpcr's tleIclrtIltf band.

R-2 D-2 Launches Earthly Career

MC“ YORKfAl’) Ilrc robot starofthcltigltlystrcccssful motic"Sr.rr \\ .tt\
was enlisted lfittrsdny lll New York Star‘s war against energy wasti- "R 'l‘
2. as fire robot or "droid" is known. got tfic official blessing of Sens lat I'l'
it“ If» and lirlnlcl Moyrtihan to be featured in three 3(i-sccond coinrncrr oil»
to be aired free by television stations across the state its a public sci \ It't‘ tlrr
commercials. prepared for fire New York State Alliance to Sate | trt'rpl
founded and co-cltaircd by the two senators. cxliort New Yorkers frt \.t\t‘
energy. "ft-2 l)~2‘s basic message is “It doesn't iirkc ranch energy to s.r\c
cttctgy‘.

 

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

OCTOBER 7, 1977

 

 

 

  

    

 

a ‘r

 

Deny Playing Major Role in Talks;
Question Motives of Students

by Jill Huber

Officials of the NY State Division
of the Budget denied this week that
the DOB plays a major role in the
current CD‘I‘A —v- SUNYA bus
negotiations and questioned
whether the Student Unionizrttion
Movement was using the
negotiations as a rallying point to
gain sttpport l'orthc proposed union.

In downpfaying their role. Deputy
Budget Director Howard Miller and
Chief Examiner l’aul Vcillctte did
not deny that serious negotiations
only began itftcr the DOB stepped in
and brought the two parties
together.

Miller cited that (‘D I A had been
alter the SUNYA contract for three
years and that they ftrid been
aggressive in finding new business
for their trnariciaffy sinking
company.

Vcillcflc catcgori/cd DOB‘s role
as that of rt “ttrrtt'riage broker."
bringing two parties togctltcr iii the
best interests of tire state.

When informed of the DOB
oi'l'icittls‘ rcmitrks Vice President of
Management and Finance and John
Hartigan said “There was some
pressure on us to look objectively at
the issue."

DOB cited evidertcc of their
scrtsitivity to student sentiment by
ttotiitg their respect of SA President
Dave Gold's wishes that
negotiations‘not be held in summer
wltilc students were away from
scltool campus. .

Vcillctte risked wltctltcr the
students “are bcitig straight“ with
tftciit rind if the CD'I'A situation was
being used as a rallyittg point for the
Studertt Unionilation movcrncitt.

(iofd said: "if the students
unionilation movement was to pick
art issue. it would have picked it safer
issue one that was not so hard to
win on."

(iold said that of tire l000
responses to tfic qticstionrtirc about
( l) | A, 97 percent were opposed to
tltc ('l)|A takeover. He said the

  

 

 

 
 

 

  

 

 

 
 

   
      

a
l.

UPS/lliCA MAICUS

Vice-President for Management and Business John Hertlgen end
Plant Superintendent Ire DeVoe at CDTA tie-rings lest week. Both
denied yesterday that an agreement with CDTA was due next week.

strategy the union would use to dcal
with the issue would come up for
approval rtt Monday‘s Student
Unioni/rttion Movement meeting.
lie hinted. ltowc\cr. that he had
been talkiugto Slf NYA localCSliA
officials and that they were very
irtlcrcstcd in worktttg with students.
"for still not really sure that

Stipend Policy Aired to Central

by Stuart \inct-tit

Aproposed stipend policy . setting
guidelines for determining tfic
amount of trtoncy to be given to
leaders rrl SA funded organizations.
was outlined to Central Council
Wednesday.

lltc proposal r'ccomttrcirds that a
multiplier: be sci tip to oversee
tltsbrrrscrttcrtts. rtrtd
establishes a II.\L'Lf maximum
allotment of $250 per semester witlt
lllc c\ccptron of tfic allotments for
S \ executive officers.

lt'it Ilottrs

stipend

\lstl under tfic proposed policy.
no person receiving rt stipend.
including tfic SA executives. will be
allotted to hold ayobotitsidcofthcir
SA irttofwmcitt which requires
more than tell hours per week.

If approved by the Council next
\tcck. tlrc policy will go ittto effect
tlirs semester.

SA stopped giving stipends to
organr/atron leaders last sctttestcr.
and is currently witltout a stipend
policy. Only one SA organi/rttiort.
the newly formed rccortl co-op.
rctcitcs stipends. lltc four SA
c\cctrtitc officers also receive
slipctltts.

|lrc policy proposes
sllfiL'litf.‘ for tfic SA l’i'c tlcitt

equal
‘md

     

 

 

% ,

Vice President of $1.(tliF.5t)pcrycar‘.
lltrs amount is broken dowrt iitto
$1.04] tor tfic summer and $567.50
for the school year rind is close totlte
amount currently received by the
two SA officer‘s.
lltc higher summer figure is
meant to reflect rooirr and board
expenses incurred an.) staytrtg irt
Albany ovcr tlte summer. according
to rricntbcrs of tire Central Council
sub~corrrtttittcc which tfctelopcd the
policy.
lftc two other SA executives. tfic
tontr'ollcr and tfic Chairperson of
( ctitrrtf Council. rircriflotlcd $5tt7.50
and 5522.50 ti year. respectively iii
tfic proposal. Neither is required to
stay irt Albirrry for the summer.
l‘rrtdcr tfic proposal. if file Vice-
l'r‘csrdcnt is not able to remain iii
Albany ovcr tltc strirtitter. tfic
Controller will stay rtitd receive the
atfdtltonrif 3il.ll4l.
Worth It
" I lie work we pttt tit was wort it it."
said Meg McAncny. one of tire
urcmbcrs of tfic sub-committee that
prepared tltc policy. "We‘re very
happy with tfic way If turned rittt.
Our intent wits to come up with
something that was rrtfrrptrtblc to
drtlcrcnt circuittstrtrrccs."
proposed

UPS/MARK SASS

At Wednesday‘s Central Council meeting. WCDB-FM General
Manager Paul Roeenthel (upper right) asked ioriundslromSA
to begin construction of the radio station's new studios.

OCTOBER 7. 1977

stipend policies had been rejected.
McArtcuy said. was that they had
tried to make them trio specific.
" lltcy would have ltrttf to revise i Item
each year.“
Select Mite

lltc policy calls for tire
establishment of a nine—person
stipend cortrmittcc. five of wltom rtrc
appoirttcd by tile Central ('otirtcil
( liait'pcrson. ltvo tire to be
appointed by llIL‘ SA l’rcsidcnt. rrnrf
one each by tfic Vice-President itrtd
( orrtrollcr.

lhc rationale stated iii tlte
proposal for tire cslablisftmcnt'of rt
S250 ma.\intum allotment per
semester was that it “was ltiglt
enough to be close to cornparrtblc to
SA executive stipends . . . arid will
give tfic committee ertottglt room to
award a decent stipcrtd without
lccling tficy are givirtg tfic
rttrtxtmum." according to tire
proposal

lltc proposal also
guidelines to be used by the stipend
committee in deciding wltetltcr or
group should receive it

states

not it
sttpcndcd position.

fltcsc include: ltow vital tfic grottp
is in tlic university; ftow necessary
tfic position of tfic pcrsott applyingis
totltc ftrrtclioiung of that group; arid

('DlA is reliable and rtblc to
traitsport students." said (iold.
"Many things came otit rrt tfic opeit
bearings. It seemed that tfic people
making the decisions really didn‘t
know all tfic fricts. l tltirtk it‘s at tile
point where nothing will work
because students don‘t tftirtk they've
bcert told tfic truth."

Council

bott tirrrc consuming tfic job is. in
terms of sacrificing part—time work.
school work arid other activities.

in determining how rrtticlt ntortey
rt person should I‘UCCI\’C.llIC proposal
says tfic committee sltotild consider
what type of t'ctvards tltcjob entails.
tfic amount of non-rewarding work
Ill\t)l\’L'(f trr tbcjob. rtrtd tvltctltcr or
not the person can get rtcadcrnic
Cl'L‘tlil instead of money.

l he proposal was accepted
rrnrirrrrrrrrusly by ('ciitral Council‘s
Internal Affairs Committee on
Monday. and was presented to
t entraf ('ouncif Wednesday for
discussion before it is totcd trpon
rtc\t week.

At tfic ('cntral ('ouitctl meeting
Wednesday. procedural revisions rtr
tfic proposal were suggested so tltrtt.
rl tfic proposal is passed by Council.
ripprovcd stipends crirt go ittlo effect
immediately.

“I think it's an excellent policy
that wrll be acceptable to all." said
Abbie llavktns. ltcad of tire Internal
Affairs Committee ttrttf mcrttbcr til
tfic stipend sirb-coittrttttlcc. “If
anyone thinks that there is

'sortrctlting wrong wttft tfic policy.

they should send to then comments
and cr'rcrtrsms ttr tfic strb-comritittcc
totlte SA office.

Hint Agreean
' May be Near f-

DOB Chief Budget Examiner

I'rtul Vcillctte sitid Tuesday that he I

heard a rumor that SUNYA and
CD‘IA were so close to agreement

that a settlement would be reached ‘ '

within a week. but the statement was
dcrticd by ‘SUNYA officials
yesterday. ‘

“No. no way.‘ and Vice President
for Management arid Business .Iohn
llrtrtigait iii response to the
statement.

No Communication

“I don‘t know who said that." said
I’lant Superintendent Irii DcVoc
who is on SUNYA‘s Bus Committee.
"We haven‘t had any
communication With tlrcnt for it
tteck. lltc proposed coittrrtct will
only go to CD'I A executive director
Robert Man/ oii Iticsday."

Dc Voe said that tltc contract has
bccrt rctrscd with some additions
resulting from cotttrttcnts rittd
questions made at tfic hearings.

Iltc changes mclttdc: obtaining a
written ('DlA prrrrttise that if
SUNYA decided to cancel tfic
contract. ('I ) I A would fetid or Icase
SUNYA until other
arrangements tvcrc made: that
( l)lA would stay Ill cotttplirtttcc
wrtfr state codes regarding
protrsrons for tire handicapped: that
( l)lA woitld rcrotttc sortie of tire
Western Ate. buses so that sortie
would rtttt tip Western arttf dotvri
Washington At c. to provide
additional scrucc for off-campus
sltttlcltls. .

Deputy lludgei Director Howard
.Vfrffcr' said that it wits ttptoSlfNYA
administration to decide if they
wanted to spend rrrorc money on
providing cstcttdcd scrvrcc (such as
free crossiown buses). denying it
strrtcirtcut madc rit tfic ltcrir'iug tltitl
DUB fiad clamped down rrti funds
lrrl extended scr'\rcc.

"He‘s right technically" said Dc
\ oc."btit tltc DOB could citt money
otrt of otrr bttdgct if weappropr'ialcd
more money. We cotild do it. bttt I'm
not sure they wouldn't do that fctit
ritorrcy from fire SIINY budget].
they strll hitvc ultimate control otcr
its. Sometimes it's good and
somttrmcs it's bird. it‘s a double
edged sword."

llarttgrtn said that Slr\\A will
also risk that students be allotted to
hate frce‘acccss to buses in lone I.
which is it lite mile radius of
dottirtowtt Affinity aritf includes
Sitillt.‘ L‘l'llhblliwll hL‘l'VlCU. ill Ill)
additional cost to tfic University.

 

bttscs it)

—.i. llahcr

WCDB Gets Building Funds

by Matthew ('0).

('cntraf Council approved tltc
appropriation of $|7.0fl0 frorti the
SUNYA Athlctic Surplus l’ttnd for
construction of tire W(‘l)ll-l"M
radio station studio on Wednesday.

lltc station's itiartagcmcril find
requested tfic money so that
construction of lltc station's new
studios would not be delayed.
W('l)ll (icncraf Manager l’rtul
Roscntftal said the station had
experienced difficulties in obtaining
outsideftttidiitglor'tltcconstruction.

" l hey rcrtfircd that otrr situation
was somewhat desperate."
Roscuthal said of tire Council vote.
"We are tit ll crucial poiitt. Either we

go ahead with tfic construction now.
or FM won't become a reality."
the Athletic Surplus |-'tmd has
been trscd iii the past to ltind st tidcitt
projects. said Rosenthttf. Under tfic
terms of tire ripproprirrtiort
agreement. nny rnotrey tfic station
receives for tire purpose of
construction will be placed ittto that
fund.
litit Roserrtltrif said tfic prospects
for findingsuefi funding in the fttttrrc
are no better titan rtt present.
"We're not necessarily sure lhtit
any rtdditronitl money will become
rtvtiifitblc to us." Roscnthitl said.
fire station is required to repay
tfic arriount over a period of live

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

years iii cqtial installments.
according to the appropriations
agreement. Rosentftitl said that since
lirtdiitg outside funding is trrtfikcly.
this money will probably coirre front
tire statron's operating budget.

llrat budget. of roughly $2tr.tl0tl.
is pitrd by SA.

"All of it is SA money." R oscnthttl
said. "SA will be paying back tfic
Athletic Surplus loan. iir cl'fcct."

fhc radio station rcccivcsthc btrlk
of its funding from SA. but is also
funded by university funds and
fIAS. Rosenthttf said.

The station called its builders
yesterday. and Rosertthal said he

continued on page four

PAGE THREE

      
   

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

MA n—‘y—cw‘ «.g. was

25.2,“... a... W

 

 

 

