   

g.

,axr’e'aeouraer tens eouroen _ _
Available at Follett - SUNY Bookstore

' couraer unsunmzn.

WPIl-CIIANII TO! CONTACT llNIlll

 

 

 

 

/

 

This ad Ipoco donated by Albany Student Frau.

 

Iii/4g. .
NOYOPO 

General
' Interest
A Meeting

Tuesday, Jan. 25
. LC 19 'at 7:00 PM

funded by student association

Those who haven’t sent in WHLKHTHON Pledges

 

 

Please do so by sending it in to:

E.

 

FEATURING...
' y nos SHAW

soreness roRum-i

end CONCERT BOHRD

JOIN ro artisan...
A NIGHT AT THE.

IMPROVISATION

COMEDIAN
LARRY DAVID COMEDIAN
BARRY DIAMOND

JAKE SINGER

FRIDAY JANUARY 28
8:00 PM cc CAFETERIA

FREE!!!

funded by student association

Telethon ’77

it 22649 SUNYH Stotlon
filbony, N.Y. I2222

COMEDIAN

./ u.

—
—

 

 

 
 

 

  
  

 

  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
  

 

The Albany Symphony Orchestra
At the Palace Theater

Jultue Hegyl.oonductor

The program: -

Dvorak: Symphonlc poem:The Noondey

' when

Bartok: Concerto for Irlotln and orchestra.
No. 2 Hamao Fullwara. eololet
Beethoven: Symphony No. 7, A motor. Op.

 

By DAVID GOLDHIRSCH
I think the lesson to be learned from this

"f performance is that nothing can substitute for
' control of musical dynamics. Each piece on

 

the program reflected, in its own way. the
dangers of attempting such a substitution.

It is very easy to interpret variations in
dynamics (changes in volume) as changes in
speed: louder becomes faster. and sofler
becomes slower. One effect of this is the loss of
‘olar. or clarity of timbre: the forte tuttis tend
to sound like big noises. rather than strong
combinations of different timbres. Harmonic
richness tends towards muddiness, especially
in passages which are supposed to be both
strong and fast.

More important, however, is the loss ofa
regular metric "pulse" in the music. A syn-
ch'opation is only effective if there is a steady
:beat with which the rhythms may be in (or out)

'_,9f.synch. The metre can be sped up or sIOWed

 down. but not too frequently, for the piece

“begins to sound like many fragments without a

sense of unification.

When one sacrifices both metric regularity
and clarity of timbre. one is not left with a
great deal with which to hold a piece together.
In some cases. thematic development can be

I used. and this is precisely how the three pieces

in the concert were handled. The degree of
effectiveness varied.
It was a real pleasure to hear something by

Swing at
Coffeehouse

By DAVID GOLDMAN

Jack McGann and The Swing Band were
the featured performers at this weekend's
Freeze-Dried Coffeehouse. They played most—
ly “swing” music from the 30‘s and 40‘s.which
Saturday night‘s crowd seemed to enjoy.

The band opened with a Django Reinhart
instrumental. “Swing 4|.“ one of the
highlights of the evening. McGann seemed to
be a big fan of Reinhart's, as he played several
compositions of his throughout the night and
gave the audience some background informa-
tion on the Icgcndaryjazr. guitarist. McGann
sang some Billy Holiday and Bessie Smith
songs Its well, and then did a solo set (accom-
panying himself on acoustic guitar). that in-
eluded “Lydia The Tattooed Lady." which
was originally featured in a Marx Brothers
movie. McGunn sang it well. although he
forgot the words at the beginning. Soon the
hand came back and played Jimmy Rogers‘
“Mississippi Delta illness.“ (which McGIInn
terrricd “ethnically offensive" because of its
references to "darkics"). and “Sunny Side Of
The Street." The musicians took it break for It
while. and then started the second set with II
change of pace. some country songs by the
Carter Family, After some more “.I'wlng.”and
pieces by Duke Ellington and John Coltrane.
they finished the set.

In between songs. McGtInn “aroused” the

 

audience with anecdotes and puns. who

JANUARY 25. 1977

-Dvorak. other than the New World symphony
and the Cello Concerto. Although his music is
sometimes called “simple.” I ﬁnd it charms its
way past the (gushier) ornamentation of lots
of late-nineteenth century music.

His method is simple enough: one voice ac:
companies another, and then they switch off.
He learned a very important lesson from
Beethoven: the less extraneous material there
is in a piece. the more that piece isa single unit.
Dvorak never wastes a ﬁgure, be it a "melodic"
one or an'accompanying one. Schubert never
used this technique and so his pie'ces have
great openings, but hopelessly wandering‘
"developments."

The Symphonic Poem was both blessed and
cursed by poor dynamic usage. Dvorak relied
on different timbrcs to provide variation and
development of his musical material: when
color is lost, the ﬁgures tend to be repetitious.
Rushing through them does not help this.

Mr. Hegyi's awareness of the pathways that
the figures took, however. created a
marveloust contrapuntsl sense of movement.
The piece remained exciting because of this
thematic "movement" through the orchestra.

The Bartok concerto suffered because of
unsteady metre and little color. It is hard to
"count out" any music; in a piece such as this.
if the metre changes every other moment. it
becomes impossible. Each player apparently
tried to dominate the others. despite Mr.
Hegyi's obviously dampening gestures. Mr.
Fujiwara fought back as best as he could: I too
would rush throughthis very difficult music. if
all that stood between me and the orchestra
was a hit of wood.

When alone. Mr. Fujiwara showed an im-
prcssivc technique, along with a very rich tonc.
He is pretty new to the solo spot. and lean un-
derstand his fear of being overwhelmed. He
seems quite capable however. and I am sure he
will be heard'frcquently in the future.

The Beethoven piece was frustrating~

 

John McGann at the Freeze-Dried Coffee
House Friday night.

responded with both laughs and groans
(although the one about Carmina Burana
sailed right over their heads). (In case you're
wondering. it involved a variation on “Let's
Call The Whole Thing Off." and since the
composer‘s name is Orff, you can fill in the
rest.)

McGann and the Swing Band are a tight,
polished outfit. and seemed to be having II
good time on stage. They all played very well.
especially the electric guitarist and sax-
ophonist. The material was varied enough so
that most people found somethingto suittheir
taste. All in all. it was both it [In 'IIItl produc-
tivc evening. introducing the rock-oriented
Albany audience to II 5""ch of music from
another era.

'A.S.0. Concert Inconsistent I

because Mr. Hegyi kept sliding in and out of
different tempi. The first movement was only
sd-so. The opening scales were treated as dry
exercises. and along with the bridge to the 6/8
section. were rushed. It was a frustrating ex-
perience. for when it was held steady. it was in-
vigorating. The 6/ 8 rhythm was not together
at all, especially in the violins.

The Scherzo (I am skipping a movement
now) was too slow to start with. although it
did speed ‘up. The brass section had trouble
here. and I was annoyed to hear such frequent
bad notes. A Hub is trivial. but a movement
can be ruined by constant "sliding" up to
notes.

The Finale was excellent.'but I have two
complaints. The first is that the tempo slowed
every time a climax was reached (such as the
fanfares with which the movement opens).
The second is that the brass section fell apart.
It is difficult music. and I admire their nerve.
but they were noticably off.

The Allegretto was beautiful. but wrong;
Mr. Hegyi. trying to highlight the thematic

Paintings and Prints at
W ArgGallery’s Reopening

.1 a.

By STEPHEN EISENMAN

- The State University Art Gallery re-opened
this Week after a month long winter hiatus.
Visitors were greeted by a new show of the
photographs of Alver Napper and William
Christianberry. and by the prints. paintings
and tapestries of SUNYA Art Department
Chairman Richard Callner.

Callncr‘s work is based on a personalized
mythology surrounding the Myth of Lilith.
Lilith, the apocryphal first wife of Adam and
mistress of Satan. is depicted as a ﬂuttcry
creature belonging to the worlds ofexperience
and imagination. She glides and dances
through a surrealist nether region, revealing
the artist‘s fascination with (in Callncr‘s
words) "The glorification of the relationship

of people to nature. people to architecture. ,

people to animals. and of course, people to
people."

The oil paintings are flat with little
figurative modeling and an emphasis on sub-
dued decorative color. The boundaries
between the different colored areas are clean
and unbroken. and the anatomy of the figures
is abbreviated.

Yet. there is something missing in these pai-
nted depictions of the Myth of Lilith. The
barrier between the warmth of life and the
coldness of Callncr‘s canvas is too great. We
are never drawn into the world of Lilith. we
merely observe it and pass by. Callner's
mythology remains Callner‘s alone.

The prints and watercolors are far more
convincing. Here. with the same coloristic
economy but a freer handling. the images are
powerful and evocative. Color lithographs
such as Lilith Self (I and II). are lively and
animated. The simple backgrounds are far
more expressive than the convoluted worlds
depicted in even the best ofthc paintings. such

Writers Needed For Arts and Features
See Marc,Matt,Dorothy or Jon CC 329

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

    

 

development. tried to find a melody in the first -»
24 bars, There is none. It is a rhythmic and
harmonic theme. and Beethoven is quite!
specific in his staccato markings. It was odd
for the cellos and basses to play the staccato,
while the Violas slurredIOII the other hind. on a
the return from the middle section. thebasses 5
were most effective in accenting the theme: for V
here it was a deep. rhythmic pulse.

The fughetta was undistinguished because
the tempo was unsteady and the expression of .
the strings dead. Like anything else In that
symphony. ifthere is not steady clock. there is
no effective rhythm: it begins to sound
haphazard.

The details are really misleading. The con:
cert was effective and cnjoya bIc. Sensitivity to
dynamics is difficult to achieve. Once it is at-
tained. metric stability is possible; and with
that comes clarity of timbre.

0n the whole. there was enthusiasm and
dedication; I think the rest will come with
practice. I certainly look forward to the next
concert. -

 

as Parade (0 Heaven or lie/I. In Four Forms
of Lililh III._we are reminded of the graphic
work of Picasso. The watercolors reveal a
Chagall-like naivcte. In all works. the debt to
Blake and Morcau is present. but most of all
Callncr‘s work is highly individual and
original.

The most beautiful pieces in the show are
the two tapestries. Created in Israel by master
craftsmen under the continual supervision of
the artist. these tapestries are the result of six
months of labor. One of Callner‘s cartoons for
the work is on display near the tapestry. On it
are inscribed directions for all the subtle
variations ofcolor. The result of these labors
are tapestries of exquisite design and execu-
tion. They are extremely decorative and the
colors. although brilliant. show remarkable
subtlety in tonal gradation.

The photographs of Alvin Nappcr are dis-
appointing. Crcated with the aid ofa prismatic
lens. these kaleidoscopic pictures are crass and
repetitive. The subtleties of the human body.
from which Napper gathers his imagery. are
glossed over in favor of slick formalism and
overpowering color tints. Interested in the use
of design elements. these pictures appear to be
the result of commercial mass production. As
such, they are the direct antithesis of the very
personal creations of William Christianberry.

The 'exhibition of works by William
Christianberry is a gem. Tucked quietly away
in a room at the rear of the second floor, these
small photographs taken with a Brownie ‘
Camera. are handsome evocations of the
agrarian South. Inspired by James Ages and
Walker Evans. and by his own childhood in
the South. these snapshot size photographs
are brilliant in color and composition. They
reveal much about Christianberry's own
heritage. and about the heritage of the
American South.

 

PAGE THIRTEEN

 

