 

 

 

 

 

 

 

'7  From The
. SA Execuuves

hy'Dlvld Gold and Kathy Baron

The summer has drawn to a close and
classes have begun once again We hope you
are making a smooth adjustment to the
academic rigors and bureaucratic mazes of
SUNYA. ,

0n the brighter side. there are major
problems which we will be facing this year.
These problems affect all students attending
this university. They are not new. yet Student
Association has never been able to deal
effectively with them.

The first problem is the serious
overcrowding that has oecnrred in the dorms.
As if adjusting to college is not enough. many
students are forced to live tripled in double
occupancy rooms in the dorms. This creates
unneeded anxiety for students forcedtolive in
these conditions. In any living situation
outside the university. this would be illegal. it
is rather puzzling and upsetting as to why it is
okay to be beyond legal jurisdiction when
students are involved.

For those who were not lucky enough to get
cit-campus housing. there are motels and
hotels to live in. For those who have an
apartment off-campus. there is always the
security of knowing that they live in a city
which takes the enforcement of its ﬁre and
safety codes so seriously that last year over 45
sttidents \tcre bttrned out of their homes.

It is not uncommon to spend well over one
ltundred dollars for a semester. The problem
as we see it. is that the Follett SUNY
Bookstore is the only place we can buy books
unless we go down to New York City. We
cannot t.‘\t:n have a competitor come on
campus because the contract with Follctt
lorbids it. it is a rather sad situation when the
1.'tti\ersity allows this ntonopolylo function.
especially since students are the ones alfcctcd
by it. Books are a necessityifweareto attempt
to pass our courses. and we have no alternative
but to buy at the bookstore.

'I here is no questionthat our health services
are inadequate for the silc and needs of tlits
university. A woman cannot even get a yearly
internal exam or a pup smear at the health
center unless she believes there isa“problem."
According to at survey. our women‘s health
care is among the worst in the State University
System. while our birth control is the most
c\pcllsi\t:. We \iondcr why the University has

failed to develop a comprehensive women's
health clinic which would provide inexpensive
birth control. comprehensive women‘s health
care and the opportunity for student
participation in increasing awareness about
health and sexual problems. Why is it that
eveti.a simple request, first made two years
ago, to provide tampon machines in the
campus center women‘s rooms has been
ignored?

Even administrators will admit that the
quality of our academic advisement leaves
something to be desired. The University
college is being phased out and students are
being pressured into declaring majors before
they are ready to. Faculty members are too
busy and receive no incentive to give adequate
advisement yet they are asked to take on the
burden of this crucial service. The University
refuses to develop a comprehensive student
advisement program. When will the
University ask us about inadequate
advisement so that a program can be
developed around our needs instead of what
they perceive our needs to be?

Negotiations are presently under way which
will determine the fate ofour green buses. This
lifeline to off-campus and commuting
students is being discussed without open
hearings or sensitive regard fortbese students.
Why are basic student needs being
surrendered to a company 8500.000 in debt‘.’

These are only five instances in which we as
students have been unable to protect out
interests. The present structure of student
government. combined “llh a loci; of
awareness ofthe problems \\L‘ face. has made it
difficult. it not impossible. to successfully deal
with these types of issues.

We need to organize into a mass-
nienthcrship based. grass roots organilation.
capable of collectively bargaining with the
Unitersity and taking action when necessary.

What we are adt ocating. is the creation of a
student tittion. A union not based on radical
politics. btit sole} designed to insure quality
education and protect our rights.

ll you are interested in organizrtig students
around issues as imponant as those raised.
please come to an organi/ing meeting
'I ucsday. September 6. at 9 p.m. lni C. 13

Your presence and input are \ital to the
success ot the l nton.

 

 

 

student
unionization

To the Editor: . .

This past summer. we were inyited toattend
an interest meeting to discuss the value of
forming a Student Union. On returning to
SUNYA, we discussed the ramifications of
such a plan. What we found was that the
students of this universitydo not partictpate in
the decision making process. We, as students.
are handed down many issues to “decide for
ourselves", but in reality the decisions have
already been made at a higher level. We hope
to overcome this limitation by asking for the
cooperation and feedback of a large
percentage of the student population.

Anotherthing we have discovered is that the
university has no real mechanism for
determining the needs and wishes of the
students. We have concluded that in many
aspects, the Student Association is not truly
representative of all students. This is partially
due to the fact that SA‘s power is at the top.
with those who appoint members to various
university committees; and those appointed
appear on one committee after another with
little student body participation.

What we are hoping to do is to help form a
campus-wide organization which will make
the student body of the university more
effective. By unionizing the students on the
campus we will be taking a great step toward
improving our college education. ’l'ogether we
can all successfully oppose any budget
cutbacks. any tuition hikes. faculty or staff
layofls. course cancellations. and many other
issues which concern students here.

\\ hat \\L' are trying to create ls a forum for
students to air their news and ideas. We feel
that a union could be established in a classic
democratic form; one person. one vote.
Referendttms would determine student views
on many issues attd everyone would httvc
equal input.

If establisth properly. a student union
could promote better student awareness of
issues and \artous dectsions which determine
our education. >\ union could promote better
continua} in leadership. something which is
\ll'di in long rangc prtiiccu‘

lhis should not be percencd as radicalism

 

FElFFER

or anarchy, [hose who associate these

characteristics with a student union assumc
that students have no ability to farm
community and to adhere to decisions made
by community. Student unionization is not
the negation of rules; it is the creation of a new
process for the enactment of rules.
I We ask your help in shaping the studcm
union and giving it direction. Please explore
with us and give us your ideas. We urge you“,
motivate the students in your organiiationsto
attend the interest meeting on 'rquday‘
September 6th at 9:00 p.m. in LC 23. Your
participation and cooperation can ensure that
we, as students, will have an increased rolein
shaping the environment in which we live and
improving the quality ofthe education that we
receive.
T.to Martinez.
Indian Quad President
John Kennedy
()(‘A Director

SUNYA v.
CDTA

To the Editor:

Certain problems have arisen on our
campus duritig your absence that we. the
SUNYA drivers. feel you should know about.
Important for you to know about because mt.
will be the most affected. We know the |\\liL'\
are very important to you even though the
University has decided to cotttitlt‘l
negotiations with CDTA. while titt‘ ttt:is\ oi
the student population were on \ilt‘dllitll li
makes its wonder why the l rmrrsti)
Administration will not let the studenh 'titit't'
be heard on the question nfa (l )l \ Likcmcr
of the SUNYA bus system t:\cti .tllL'l lilt'
tremendous support you gave to it» last
semester.

We would like to express t)lll‘lii.ttti.~ lo \\
President David (iold for his recent irilt‘t nl
support to the drivers and his L'tllltpillllt'llhlu
us for the service we do our best to lllil\ltit'
Although none of the people “how illt‘ililtlllti
will depend ontlie results of these llL'lJHII.tllitlls
have been allowed to sit iti on the intnnl
contract discussions. these same till‘~t‘l\ are
grateful to S./\. for their willingness to unit
for the benefit of the entire coinrntuiiti,
regardless of the apparent l.th ul
communication between the .‘\tititttii\tl.tltintt
and the people most affected.

Alter reading Mr. (iold's letch til .ihxtuiix

 

 

 

 

I'VE TOM—30

:
l
.
l

 

REPRINT/Vol. .
I No. 1 State Unluruty or New York at Albany

FINAL ‘ REPO

'1977 by Albany Student Prue Corporatlon

Special Commi
the Undergraduate Experience

 

I states ﬂ.
to EXPENSE /4>
to Leanne ‘59
(DELL —

GEOOHED.

CEﬁ6€LE§§W
‘D COW

At) EUGAGILB
Pecsoouw ‘

't’ “‘7' F“ um W

,Px\\
/’ ~
/ _ .2)»

4.- , 'I
<2.”  . ( ":1 ‘1“) L2,»)

0- s. at?) ,(- s.
[.1 . 

l

I I s  s, pf)“, ;
/ "lfj- b y '1 I LN» )‘u . I“ y “tau/N “7-) .

’3‘ ‘ .J > r»
 

i a
’fni/ 7*) ,
31V ‘l'vsn

Reprinted from the Sept. 2, 1977 issue of the Albany Student Press

\
l is

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

a, ‘4. ....v.. Wy‘As

 

 

 

 

 

 

(Illrrltt11!.l‘11‘lllri.

 

