— :.-—

 

 

. '  nlfthcse questions have been asked

 

, re re. (list _
id Human Rights Co mi

.IWerne'r 1H: Ki-Enarksy. “By. restric-

ting personal questions to those

which are g'ermanc t'ovthe job for

‘which a person isapplying. we are
-, encouraging employers. and. others

eases .  J?"

_ recently of you. and you did not get
'Ithc joy you wanted. you might want
to see a lawyer. None of. these
questions are legally allowed to be

 asked ofjob applicants in the State

of New York. _ _

Surprised? Probably you are since
.nearly everyone has beeti risked these
and others similar so often that their
discriminatory impact have beenlost
through repetition --ns have quite a
few chances at employment. accor-
ding to a newly released report
issued by the State Division of
Human Rights.

Some gommonly asked questions
maybe asked after an applicant has
been hired. or has sought to buy or
rent property. secure loans or join
labor organiralions.

 

would you
miss this ?
The wind in your face,
The blur of trees,
The sudden spray of snow

that hangs suspended in
the crisp, still air. ..

No, this isn't the day
to stay home. Not for
anything. Not even your
period.

50 trust Tampax tampons.
internal protection that
can’t chafe or show, or

feel bulky and awkward.

Tampax tampons — because on
a day like this you need
protection, not distractions.

 

 

MADE ON” I" IAMPAK INCORPORATED. PALMUI. MASS

  

 

to cvaluuté people on
individuals". ‘ .
In general. 'wthe rules allow
employers to ask clearly relevant
questions of factors that would pre-
vent applicants from doing specific
jobs at isssue. Excessively broad or
intrusive questions may not be ask-
ed. 'I'hcre'l'ore. employers may not
ask applicantswhether they have
had (my disabilities or ever been
treated for long lists, of illnesses.
'In January. it became illegal to
discriminate against applicants for
employment or licensing who have
been convicted of crimes unless the
crime is directly related to thejoh or

their merits as

 

  

corner Robin St. dt'C'entralAve. Albany
V PRESENTS

license bein g ‘ V  I
V reasonable r s tosafety or property.
Also. since September .4976.
applicants cannot be askedif'they
.. have been arrested. but can be asked
if they have ever been_.t'rmvicred of
crimes and giiie details. I ’

Employers may not discriminate
because of disability. race. creed..
color or national origin. sex. marital
status. or age. '

Subject: Age: Lawful: “Are you
between Ill and 65 years of age? If
not. state your age.“ Unlawful:
“ll ow old are you? What is your date
of birth?“

Subject! Ark/nus or' Dara/ion of
limit/mice: Lawful: ‘Ap'plicant's
place of residence. “flow long a resi-
dent of this state or city?"

Subject: Arrow ltt'mrrl: Lawful:
"Have you ever been convicted of a
crime‘.’ (iive details.“ Unlawful:
“Have you ever been arrested?"

' Subject: Itirrlr ('rllllrtr/: Unlawful:
Inquiry as to capacity to reproduce
- . , .

 
    

 

PAUI’ER

 

  

  
  
 

Fri. & Sat. Feb. 18 & I9

The Good Times Music of
SI’ONGEY DELIGHTS
Sun. Feb. 20

  

 

Birthplace r of applicant. Birthplace
of applicant‘s. parents. spouse or
other close rela't. cs.

Subject: Citizenship: Lawful:
“Are you a citizen of the United
States?“ “If not a'citizen ofthe Un-
ited States. do you intend to become

' a citizen ofthe United States? If you

are not a United States citizen. have
you the legal right to remain per-
manently in the United States? Do
you intend to remain permanently in
the United States?" Requirement
that applicant state whether he or
she has ever been interned or
arrested as an enemy illicit. Unlaw-
fal: “Of what country are you a
citizen?“ Whether an applicant is
naturalircd or a native-born citiren.
The date when the applicanF‘ac-
quircd eili/cnship. Requirement that
applicant produce naturaliration

  
 
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
    

There rs a difference!!!
PREPARE FOR:
MCATO DATO LSAT. SAT
.GRE 0 GMAT O OCAT 0 VAT

Our broad range at programs provides an umbrella ol lusf
’rng know-Iiow Ina! enables us to alter the best preparation
available, on ruailcr which pourse :5 taken. Over 38 years
of experience and success. Small classes. Volumlnous
home study materials Courses that are constantly upv
dalod. Permanent confers open days. ovnnlngs ll. week-
ends nll year. Complain tape facilities for rovtow of class
lessons and for use of supplementary materials. Make-ups
for missed lessons at our centers

ECFMG O FLEX
NAT'L MEDICAL '& DENTAL BOARDS

Flexlble Programs 5 Hours

Brooklyn 2! 2416-5300
Manhattan 212-8344“
Long Island 516-533-4555
New Jersey 201~M6v2M2

“232133.119?! lﬂﬂ-ZZI-Sull

Centm .n mm: 0 5 Lion no lultna. Momma

 
 

you have any impairments. physical.
mental. or medical.‘wltich would in~
terfere with.your.ability to perform
the job for which you have applied?“
“Ifthere are any positions ortypes of

. positions for which you should not
be considered. or job duties you can-

not. perform because of a physical.
mental or medical disability. please
describe.“ Unlawful: “Do you have a
disability?“ “Have you ever been
treated for any of the following dis-
eases . . . 'l"

Subject: lz'ducrrrlmr: Lawful: lo-
quiry into applicant's academic.
\‘octitional. or professional educa-
tion and the public and private
schools attended.

Subject: Marital Sui/us: Unlap-
-ful: "Do you wish to he addressed as
Mr.. Mrs.. Miss. or Ms.'.’" “Are you
married? Are you single”! Divorced?
Separated? Name or other informa—
tion about spouse. "Where tines ) our
spouse work'.’

 
  
  
    

EDUCATIONAL CENTER LTD
I675 E16 SI Ellyn
I I)

TEST PREPARATION
’5PECIALISTS SINCE I‘JJIJ

 

 

AIR FORCE ROTC IS
BEING OR OFFERED BY

RENSSELAER POLYTECHNIC INSTITUTE

I Courses open to college men and women.

I No service obligation now.

I Full scholarships available that pay tuition, all fees, plus
o $100 a month tux-tree ollowonco.

I An Air Force officer commission, when you receive your
baccalaureate.

I The opportunity to get to know the spirit that mode our
nation great.

I And, you don’t necessarily have to be enrolled at any of
those schools to attend.

Talk with our Air Force ROTC representative. For more infor-
mation, call or write to:

Captain Gary L Fullmor
AS 8: RC Rm 317 RPI
Phone: 270-6236

Air Force ROTC—
Gateway to a Great Way of Life

NOW

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

ma.m....n.wummmym 5. u .

FEBRUARY 15, 1977

 

 

Irelsaunriv'ts.   . ,
McEnemey Named 4

Annual Fund Chairman

‘ Roy McEnerney. ‘of the Class of I965..

 

has been named national chairman for 7

the university‘s. I977 Annual Fund. Dur-
ing the I976 Annual Fund drive he served
as vice chairman for special gifts.

In accepting the leadership position.
Mr'. McEnerncy pledged his efforts to
“continue the successful growth of the
fund. to increase both donors and Iollars.
and to reach a record total ofmore thana
quarter of a million dollars in private sup-

port l'or Albany.“ He characterized the V

Annual Fund as “a growing and dynamic
channel through which alumni and
friends voice confidence and tangible sup-
port tor a truly outstanding university.“
I Mr. McEnerncy‘is vice president and.
secretary of Executone of Albany. Inc.;
vice president and secretary of Mctroland
Communications Associates; and presi-
dent of MCA Leasing Company. He is a
founding member of the Capitol District

   

«.

6
Roy McEnornoy.
Communicatioﬁs As’sOciation. is on the
board of directors of Albany Executives'
Association. and is a member of the Un-
iversity Club in Albany.
In addition to holding memberships in
a number of other organizations. Mr.
McEnerney is vice president ofthe Eldred
E. Potter Alumni Club. an active member
of the University at Albany Alumni
Association. and a member of the St.
Ambrose School Association.

“r COMMUNITY neutrons

The research team headed by Professor .

J.S. Kim of the Department .of "At-
mosphe'ric Science is embarking on a ma-
jor research project‘entitled .“The IMS
Auroral Zone East-'WesttjMagnometer
Chain and Related Data Analysis." The
project is supported by the National
Science Foundation under an initial
three-year grant of $236,500. Data and
results obtained through the project win

constitute the university‘s contribution to .

a major international research program.

*“The International Magnetospheric‘

Study l976-l979." _

The International Magnetospheric
Study (IMS) is an international
cooperative enterprise to be conducted in
l976-l979. Its chief objective is to obtain
a comprehensive. quantitative understan-
ding of the dynamic process operating on
plasmas in the earth‘s magnetosphere.
The operational basis ofthe IMS is an in-

Senate Votes Down Firearms Recommendation

A quorumless University Senate voted
22-l6 against a recommendation to
revise the current campus firearms policy
that would have authorized officers on
motorized patrol to be armed. There was
one abstention. The recommendation
reached the floor of the Senate through
the University Community Council. who
had held three days of open meetings on
the matter in December. in addition to
several meetings of the body.

The proposal to revise the policy was
addressed ,to President Fields by the
Department of Public Safety. The presi-
dcnt. who has the authority to approve
such a recommendation under the
regulations adopted by the SUNY Board
of Trustees. earlier said he would take no
action on the proposal without a
recommendation from University Senate.

The revision in the firearms policy was
sought by the police as the resultof'the in-
crease on campus in reported crimes and
their ability to respond effectively.

Prior to the introduction of the
firearms recommendation. the president
reported to the Senate on the status ofthe
College of Arts and Sciences and the

progress of various search committees.

President Fields said several sub-
committees of the committee on the
College ol'Arts and Sciences are working
on by-laws and the role of the dean and
that he expected to report to the faculty in
March on their recommendations.
Humanities sub-committees are engaged
in similar work. but there is no date set for
a report to the faculty. He said the Social
Sciences committee is just forming.

Commenting on the progress of the
search committee for the vice president
for academic affairs the president said.
“We are feeling the chilling effect of the
state‘s fiscal uncertainty in trying to fill
this position. We have had several outside
prospects withdraw themselves from con-
sideration due to this factor." He was to
meet with the chairman of the search
committee late last week to discuss the
situation.

Concerning the vice presidency for
business and finance. he said of the six
finalists “two have been recommended to

me by the committee as imminentlyr

qualified.“
Six finalists for the dean of humanities

Central Council Report

During last Wednesday's meeting.
Central Council passed scven bills. one
resolution. and two motions relating to
several of council‘s powers.

The first bill dealt with a change in the
organi/alion of the Student Association‘s
executive branch. It ct'catcs a position
titled assistant to the president for
acadctnic aff'iars. the function of which
will he to develop. implement. coor-

 

TUVVEFI TRIBUNE

Published weekly when classes are in
session by the Office of Community
Relations. State University of New
York at Albany. as a service to the no.
tvcrslty community. Submit items.
properly identified. in writing at least
one week prior to publication date. to
Administration 237. For further infor-
mation call 7-4901.

 

 

dinate. and publicize academic issues.
The position will also include a seat on the
executive committee of the University
Senate.

The other non-financial bill will es-
tablish a task force which will evaluate the
legal needs of students. the present legal
services. and other possible alternative
firms. Financial bills will change budgets
for varsity basketball, ’an Caribbean
Association. University Concert Board.
and Fitness Council. while giving
supplemental appropriations to the
Rugby Club.

The resolution extended SA‘s warmest
and sincere congratulations to coach
Dick Suuers. his staff. and the basketball
team for their great victory over Sinea.

Before ending the meeting, the council
passed a motion to freeze the stipend of
SA Vice President Gary Parker because
of the expressed feeling that he is not ear-
ning the money. It also asked Internal Af-
fairs to draw up a bill of particulars on his

L a '

 

FEBRUARY 15. 1977

lm

vacancy have concluded their visits to the
campus and according to the president.
“We can expect a successful appoint-
ment.“

The committee for the dean of the
School of Social Welfare. according to
the president. reports that three finalists
have been selected and they will make
their initial visits to the campus within
two weeks.

The president reported that the search
committee for the dean of the Graduate
School of Public Affairs is narrowing
down the field of'candidatcs and will start
proposing their visits to the university
soon.

The next meeting of University Senate
is scheduled for Mon.. Mar. 7.

        

i ' «imp-roreas—‘m .

teinhtional plan of coord 'ted'ol‘ise’r-f

vations front spacecraft, ground basp'd
facilities. aircraft. balloons. and rockets.

Professbr Kim stated that. with the pre-
sent state of understanding .of .the

 

magnetosphere- magnetic ﬁeld obserr

. vations provide the most reliable means
of continuously monitoring and diagnos-
ing magnetospheric activity frotrt.;_thg
ground. Thus. he said. the establishment
of~global networks of magnetometers has
been given a high priority by the IMS.

The North American lMS
magnetometer networks at high latitudes
consist of three meridional chains (Le.
north-south chain) and an east-westchain
along the auroral zone. . ._

The University at Albany was selected
to establish and operate a magnetometer
in the east-‘west chain while the Canadian
Department of Energy. Mines and
Resources. the University ofAlberta.and
the University of Alaska operate three
north-south chains.

The cast-west chain extends from 260°
E to 350°E geomagnetic longitude and
consists of the following stations: Great
Whale River. Fort Severn. Thompson.
Uillam. Lynn Lake. Uranium City. Fort
Chipewyan. Fort Smith. Hay River. Nor-
man Wclls (or Tungsten). Fort Yukon
and Barrow. The magnetic data from the
stations in the east-west chain will be
transmitted to the World Data Center
located in Boulder. Colo.. via the
SMS/ BOES data relay satellite system.

The project is being undertaken by a
team consisting of Professor Kim. as pro-
ject director; Dr. C.S. Wang. the Univer-
sity at Albany; Dr. M. Suguira. Goddard
Space Flight Center. National
Aeronautics and Space Administration;
Dr. .I.K. Walker. Energy. Mines and
Resources. Canada; and Dr. K.V.
I’aulson. University of Saskatchewan.

‘Division-College’ Committees

Dean Richard Kendall is chairng
meetings of the Committee of Counsel of
Social and Behavioral Sciences and
Professor William Fenton has been
designated faculty chairman of the Corn-
mittce.

Members of the committee elected
from the departments are Karla
Spurlock. African and Afro American
Studies; Franklin Walker, Economics;
Wayne Heiscr. Geography; Sung Bok
Kim. History; Richard Tcevan. Psy-
chology; Elia Christcnses. I’uerto Rican
Studies; Arthur Richardson, Sociology;
and Professor Fenton. Anthropology.

The Committee of Counsel appointed
to the Personnel Committee Ibrahim
(iambari. African and Afro American
Studies; Gary Wright. Anthropology;
Paul Marr. Geography; Graham Barker-
Benfield. History; Nan Lin. Sociology;
William O'Dea. Economics. graduate
student; and William Olivieri. Puerto
Rican StudiesNundcrgraduatc student.
The committee elected Professor Wright
as chairman and Professor Barker-
Bcnfield as recorder.

Appointed to the Academic Com-
mittee by the Committee of Counsel have
been Dwight Wallace. Anthropology;
Helen Horowitz. Economics; Robert
Hicks, Psychology; Edna Acosta-Belem

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

\w

r

mambo". . .. 0.; “mam... . . H. .. ..

I’uerto Rican Studies; I’auf Meadows.
Sociology; Linda Lcuc. Sociology.
graduate student; and Donald McManus.
African and Afro-American Studies. un-
dergraduate student. The committee
elected Professor Wallace chairman and
Ms. Lcue as recorder.

Members of the fly-Laws Committee
for Social and Behavioral Sciences.
elected by departments are Harry Ododa.
African and Afro-American Studies;
Craig Hendrikson. Anthropology;
Melvin tiers. Economics; Howard Flierl.
Geography; Kendall Birr. History; Nor-
man Greenfeld, Psychology; Juan Silen.
Puerto Rican Studies; and Paul Wheeler,
Sociology. The members elected-at-large
are Shirley Brown. Psycholog)’; Arnold
Foster.'Sociology; Frank Poguc, African
and Afro-American Studies; and Richard
Tcevan. Psychology.

Recently the By-Laws Committee and
the Committee of Counsel met jointly to
discuss in a preliminary way some of the
questions involved in writing a set of “per-
mancnt" by-laws. In a separate meeting
the By-Laws Committee chose Professor
Wheeler to be chairman.

President Fields has asked that the per-
manent by-laws of the three divisions-
becoming-collcges be submitted to him
by May I after approval by the respective
faculties.

Mon savor:

    

 

i
l
i
'r
i

 

 

 

 

 

