   
     
  
    
    
   
     

  
  

   
 

  

it
t;

 

r

by so (stations .

' Despite losing six often fumbles
and sul'feringtwointereeptionthe
Al banyState Great Da ncs slipped
and skidded to a l3-3 victory over
RIT Saturday.

The Danes: usual potent rushing
atttiek was stilled bythe treacherous
Iooti ngand a slippery football so
they had more success in the air.
.I uniorquarterback Brad Aldrich hit
Ital l back (ilenn Sowalskie with a
lo ur-yard totichdown pass. and later
connected with split end Scott
I. usher for a nine-yard passthat
nailed down the victory.

The H rst ball exchange onti punt
lrom R l‘l'to Albanycxempliﬁedtlie
theme ol'the game. A Ioiv. line-d rive

, ptiiit was sailing toward safety Ray

 

tla_ arid as (lay tried to make a
shoestring 'lllCh. it slipped away.
arid Rl’l recovered on Albany‘s 30-
yard line. The Danes‘ defense
prevented Rl'l‘ from moving the ball.
so RI'I“s Dick Craft booted a 2 l-
yard new goal to givethe Tigers a 3-0
l'ad. -
'l'h rec points wasall t hc'l‘igers
could manage on thedayas the
sloppy playing coiiditionsand
in penet rable defense'beld

 

 
    
   

  

R IT to merely 74 total yards wit h
only l2 of them on the ground. They
also l'orcedthe Tigersto commit ten
turnovers. _

,As the defense was holdingits
opponents. the Danes‘ offense was ‘
trying toconquerthe weather. Their
triple option offense was nulliﬁed by
the mud. so t hey tried grinding out
the yardage up the middle on quick
passes. . -

That was more successful until the
Danes werethrcatening to score.
then a fumble or interception would
put an end tothe drive. “I thought
that many oftbose times we were
goingto get in there. bttt because of
tlte slippery ball somethingwent
wrong." said Aldrich.

Midway into the second quarter.
however. the Danes got a break. As
R If punter Dan llart iricdtolield a
low stiiip from center. his knee hit the
grottnd as he caught the ball. giving
Al batty the ball on the R IT 24. Three
plays later. Aldrich hit Sowalskieto
make it 6-3. Larry LeibowitI. kicked
the I’A'l' giving Albany it 7-3 lead.

liarly in the third period. the
Danes managed a succe ful drive
down to R l'l"s four-yard line. But a
delay of game penalty in ved the

 

   

UPS/MIKE WAKS

Danes“ Paul Feldman completing strokein Great Dane Classic. held
last weekend. Albany finished In a tie tor fourth with Springfield.

Harriers Split; Record 7-2

by Rich Seligson

Running In a heavy downpour.
and committed by thick log. the
Albany State cross country squad
split l\\t) dual meets on Satttrday
against Vermont and Williams.

lltc Danes trounced Vertttoiit I5-
41. biit were cdgedoitt by Williamsin
an exciting iiiiish. 26-29. “It truly
was one ol the most thrilling races
l'\e eicr seen." said Albatty coach
Robert Munsey. “It could Iiave gone
either way.“ llctweeti Albany and
Williams that is. as Verniottt was
uncompetitive tltroughout.

'l’he matchup was set at a lurious
pace. Dane runners llill Mathis and
llriait [laws were l-2 at the lirst of
live miles on Vermont's course.
clocking 4:56. Albany kept their
team lead through the second mile,
but trouble began at the three-mile
mark.

Mat his and Davis were still ahead.
but at the three-milejtnicture they
were unsure where to make a turn.
llampercd by the log and the poor
markings ot the course. tlteystopped

momentarily. atid decided to go
right, Unlorttinatcly loi' them and
their teammates. the left turn wasthe
"right" one.

Although their route was shotter
ill distance. the Albany dtto ltad lost
their rhythm. attd a law seconds as
well. llcing ill Iront. where Mathis
and Davis were. was where the fog
played lltc most important Itietor.
according to Mimscy.

"Wejustcouldn‘tseewherctogo.“
said the veteran coach,

With only one-lourth iii a mile Ielt
iii the race. Albany was ahead team-
wise. lilll three barriers lrom
Williams overtook Albany's Mark
Lavantninthplaccland Davis
(tenth place). and squeaked otil the
victory.

One Albany rumier did some
catching itp oi his owti.junior l’rcd
Kitzrow. He finished third overall.
behind winner .loc Kolb ol Williams
(26:32) and Mathis (26:36). "At the
last half-mile tnark. Fred poured it
on.“ said Munsey. "Another 200
yards and he might ltave tvoti the

  

Danes back tothe nine. Aldrich then
ripped it pass upthe middle to
I.usher to make it l3-3. Terry
Walsh‘s two-point conversion
attempt. was unsuccessful.

Fromthcn on.it was futility on
offense for both teams. When RIT.
had possession.theytried to run.
which was unsuccessful.
Subsequentlytheytried to passfor
yardage. That resulted in four
Albany interceptions. one by
defensivetacklc Steve Shoen. Shocn
also sacked RIT quarterbackJim
Deiik twice and recovereda fumble.

When Albanyiricd to movethc
ball it was on the ground as usual.
llut ttnlikctbe past two games. the
offense couldn‘t run. 'l‘hey gained
only bl yards rushing. far short of
their average of 274 yards a game.

“Our rttnni ng game Was severely
slowed down bythe rain. We havca
lot of fast backs. and they couldn‘t
get going beet use ofthe sloppy
field." said Aldrich.

The leading rushcr ol‘tbc game
was t he Dancs' Sam Haliston.wbo
gained J4 yardson | | carries.
Aldrich completed three out ofeigbt
passes for 27 yards and two
touchdowns.

 

  
 

UPS/IA
Albany halfback Sam Haitaton (40) taking handotttrom quarterback
Fred Browington (10) in recent Brockport contact. The Danes
dctaated RIT on Saturday. 13-3.
Great Dunc Coach Bob Ford said, was a hell of a n advertiseme nt for
“The rain t timed out to be the great Miro-turf."
eq ualiver. We couldn‘t use our Albany. now J-I. hits the road
backfield speed the way welikcto. again on Oct. l5 tolake on Cortland
Our strategy was also changed. We State.
couldn‘t do anythingtbat we hoped A fter the Cortland contest. the
to do. and the only thingthat really Danes finally return home on
worked for us was the quick pass. It Saturday. October 22.

 
 
  

  

Clarke Wins Great Dane Tourney

by Eddie tinicrtitati

It's always tiice when a team can
win its on it ioitrtutment. especially if
it’s the lost one ever. However. that
\tasn‘t the case lor the Albany State
tennis team as it ﬁnished in a tie for

loiirlli place with Springfield
College lll tlte lirst annual Great
Dane Icitnts Classic this past
weekend.

Clarke llniycrsity of
Massachusettcs captured the

tournament linishing With 30 points
while the University of Rochester
attd Kilt/town State W.) tied for
second witli l6 points. I’hc Duties
atid Springfield each had I4.
Singles competition htirt the
Danes aitd their head coach Bob
Lewis. was the lirst to agree. “We
just didn t do a good job at singles."

thing."

Irresliman Sean Reilly ol the
Danes came in itltlt place. Reilly has
full consistently all s 'ason. aitd has
been the squad‘s second or third
runner itt every meet.

Although he was passed. l.avttn
"ran a great race." according to
Mimscy. lltc Junior barrier is
Albany‘s sicadtcst runner. aittl is
"looking lorwai'd to a dry day."
noted his coach.

llte outcome ol the Albany-
Willtams contest cotild have goitc
citltct way. Ilie Danes took charge
lrom the start. aitd continued to rtin
\chI. And maybe it their leading
runners would have been ableto see
in lroot ol them. their record would
now be li-l. instead ol 7-2.

Mtinsey summed up the race
pcrtcctly. "it was a helluva meet
under lielly circumstances.“

Albany hosts Cortland and
lltirtwick todity. Cortland upset the
Danes last fall. and the home team is
looking to avenge that defeat this
alternoon.

won‘t be making that trip as he
reinjured his ankle in dotibles play
Saturday aitd is lost to the team for
the remainder ol the y 'lll‘.

I'OI' the remaining Danes. they all
lost their first match. and ill three
sets, the Danes lost a lot ol three set

said Lewis.

The absence ol Albany‘s number
two player. (iat‘y lilock tnade the
going totiin Ior Albany. “(lary‘s
abscticc weakened the wltolc learn."
said tents. "It lorccd its to move
everyone one up on the ladder. and it
messes tipthc doubles. lt ntak‘esa big
tlillet'ettce. ' added l.ewis.

Altci thc lirst I\\tI rounds of
singles play. Albany was virtually
otit ol the I‘tltllllilgltil‘ the title. Only
number one singles player l’aul
l‘cldman and number live Andy \
Aiitos/y'k adtaiiccd to thesenti-tinal
round giting Albany live point.
good citoiigli lot‘ lilth placc.

In the semis. Antoslyk lostto
Ktit/tonn‘s Dave Irticliman 0-]. 4—
6. (r— 2. li'aekman eventtially went on
to win the number live tiilc.

l-eldman. the second seed in the
tourney. dclcated Sicttti‘s .loliti
Aretero ()«|. 6-4 to set tip :i littals
match wtth Rochestch lhll Weiss.
the top seeded player.

l‘eldman ‘lil'llctl his way into the
scans no it gutsy wtii over llowte
Schultz. 6-2. 6-7. (F4. lil that match.
l‘L‘lLlllltlll litirt his back lit the first set
aiitl was barely able to ritit tor the
ball. But I-cldman held on lor the
\Vlll.

Coach Lewis lelt l'eldntan would
Iiavc to“be at his best“ to beat Weiss.

It was ttit excellent match but
I‘eldman came up on the short end.
losing 6-4. Hi. 6-}.

liailtng 4-1 til the ilttrd set.
l‘eldman won tltc nest two games
and had three clianccsto tttakc it 4-4 the Danes return to action this
btit couldn't as Weiss wouldn't give altci'noon against Rl’l at liotttc. the
III. matches will he held on the Indian

I’hil Ackermau wastlte otin other Quad courts beginning at .1 pm
Unite to wm tr singles match. Cmmptummps
Aekermtiii delciitcd Iiob Dowe of 'y‘hc SUNYACChumpiunshim
Salcnt State 2-6. 7-5. 7-6 biit then begin HHS Friday“! Frcduniu_
l9“ ‘9 “WM.” “9"” “Id (“2- 7"“ Albany haswmithetournamenttwo

Aekermau. who jllSl returned onhc pus![hrccymrs'ﬁnishing
Hllcr it“ "9906 WI“ hiII’lll’ ‘Vllh his secondtheother. Iltttthis year coach

PlllY. desPllL‘ 1h” [9553 "1"“ WW l.ewisfcelshistcamhas only an
PINS“d Will! my play." said outside chance ofwinniugiftliey‘re
ACkcrlllll'l- " H was it 8909 thrle at full strcngi h. biit with Ackertniin
l'orthe SllNYAC’s this weekend." rind possibly lilock out ofaction.
llnforttinatelyfoi‘Ackerman he they won't be.

matches on the day and that was a
big lactor in their liiial standing.

Mike l‘cl'llg. playing number two
singles lost tti Art Shaw 2-6.6—4, 6»0.
(ienc (iillcspic lell 4-6. 6—0. 6-4 while
led Kill/ill lost 6-.l. l-6. 6-2.

Lewis praised the play ol I'crtig.
“Mike played \cry‘ well considering
he had to play number two. a place
he has ncter played belorc." said the
coach.

In doubles. Albany lai'cd better as
all tltrcc pairs titadc it tti tltc senti-
iinals. \\lill ottc pair wininiigatitle.

the third team oi I‘L‘I‘llg attd
Antoszyk their title by
deleating Clarke‘s Neil Silver and
.chI Kuhn 2-6. 7-6. 6-0.

lhc top Albatiy pair of l‘eldman
and Ackci‘man lost to Clarke‘s Mike
Johnson and llob Slitiknian 2-6. 7-5.
o-.l while Ktit/ui and Al licrgcr lost
to a Kat/town pair.

l he tournament. which
loi'cctLto move indoors on Saturday
because ol the rain was lor the itiost
part a successful one. “I was pleased
with the way the tournament wctit."
said Lewis. who ran the lttlll'lllttllL‘lll.
l was disappoitttcd that it had to be
tnotcd indoors because it prevented
tennis tans from seeing some good
teams.“

\\'llll

Wits

 

trot. inv.,no. .32 >

by Francesca ('ohn
and Jonathan Hodges

Former Class of ‘78 President
Marc Beneeke was found not 'guilty
ol third degree grand larceny
yesterday in an eight liourtrial at the
Albany County Courthouse.
Itencekc was suspended from
SUN YA in November I976 for the
alleged theft of $3000 front the Class
ol ‘78 while he served as president.

In a trial presided over by Albany
County .litdge .loltti Clyiie. a jury of
t\\e|\c listened to testimony
concerning one specilic incident: the
tillcged cmbe/Iling of “022.60
iatscd by tltc Cltlss oi '78 for
lelctlton ‘75. llenccke was indicted
by it grand jury on April 28 oil the
basis ol. this mctdent.

llic itidictmcitt eitcd one count ol
tltird degree grand larceny. a class-I3
Iclotiy m which tltc amotiiit of
moitcy or property stolen exceeds
5150 btit itot itiorc than SIStlil.

lhc prosecution demonstrated
lllitl llciicckc hail deposited $|022.60
Ill loiir installments intotthampus
(cltlt‘l stilc bciyiccn l0 pm. on Nov.
_‘_‘ .tiid |:.i0 :i.in oti .\o\. 23 of I975.

\ccording to prosecution witness
\ctill Itiigc. .i loimcr Campus
(ciitcr grad assistant. Itcticckc had
|tL'l\tllliilly’ handed llllll tltc monies
and had signed [our scpcrate deposit
slltlS. llirgc tltctt placed the monies
ltlltt il slot til the wall til the sale.

which could only be opened by the
Campus Center director or her two
ti..'istants.

It was on these deposit slips that
the prosecution bttsed its' case. Each
ol the four slips contains three
names: the dcpositcr. Mitre Beneeke:
the receiver. Scott Birge; the person
authorized to collect the monies.
Marc Beneeke.

it was at this point that the
prosecution‘s case began to fall
apart. Wltile they were itble to prove
that llcncckc had indeed deposited
the monies. that lie was the only one
attt hori/cd to pick tip ilte monies and
that the monies had disappeared.
they were unable to prove that
Itcnccke Itimsell had picked tip the
monies.

A handwriting analysis of the
signature on the withdrawal
authori/ation slip tailed to plow
conclusively that ll was llcucckcthttt
withdrew the monies. According to
the analysis rcpoit. lleiicckc's
signature contained lcu
idctitilyitig trails to base a thClSltlll

 

ltio

ttpott.
the prosecution tried to plug this
liolc tn their ciisc by describing tltc

tnttipiis (cuter stile \\'lllltll'tl\\lll

pioccditrc in detail. Ilic mayor poiiti
bi otigh otit to wit ticss testimony. and
icttcratcd during the summation.
was t ltat unless the person requesting
the nLoney (and only llcnccke was

 

Prosecuting Attorney Higgins at the Albany County Courthouse
yesterday. there for the trial of Marc Beneeke.

authorized to do so) was known by
the cashier. he would have ltad to
produce an ID card.

Ilenecke defense attorney
Raymond Fischer countered by
saying that if Ilenccke had iii fact
picked up the monies. there would
have been some record or witnesses
to the event.

ltoth attornics fenced with the fact
that Ilenccke had admitted tltc tltclt
ol 51000 to school olltcinls. While
tltc prosecution tlid call a witness.
SltNYA Sittdeiit Acti\ities Director
I’nt lltichaltcr. to relate the incidents
surrounding tltc admission til theft.
they did not press the subjch due to
tile circumstantial nature ol the
c\ ttlcncc.

Clad lll corduroy pants. tic.
sweater and sports jacket. llcnccke
icmaiiied calm throughout thc trial.
c\cn yokmg at ttmcs \\llll reporters
dining the two and a hall hours it
took loi' lllC_]ltl')‘ tti reach a \ertlict.

Astlic Sillllllttllt stands. Ilencckc is
not legally required to pay
icstitntton to the ( lass ol ‘7x as Iic
Ittid piciiottsly ugrccd to bcloi'c the

State University in New v"

_ Court  Beneeke  Guilty

   

  

   
    
   
      
     
 
    
    
    
     
   
 

Former Class at '78 President Marc Beneeke (right) at his appearane

    
 
 

in Albany County Court yesterday. Beneeke was found not guilty of
third degree grand larceny charges.

indictment. Iicucckc Intd paid back
\400 when lic “as iiotilied ilial the
tlistitct attorney'solltccwas goingto
picss criminal charges. Iicucck‘cihen
ccascd Itirtlicr payment.
According to Class ol '78
picsitlcnt (vary Iiciinctt. there are
still some atciittcs til l'L‘CtIllIsL' to
cyploic. liciitictt said that the t lass
"plans to tzikc ciiil action against

Itcnccke as soon as we gain law 

In addition. the Class will alsoask
Dean tor Student Affairs Neil
lltottn to consich changing
llcncckc's suspension to a dismissal.
Iliis would tiiiikc it cytrcmcly
difficult. it not ltllptissihlc. lor
Ilencckc to return to SllVl'A. atid
would hamper attempts to lt’titlslet‘
to .itnitltci school.

 

 

Beneeke Saga Chronology

I/It' not gill/I'l' vcrtlit't o/ .‘Itll't‘
lit'lict-Iti' on I/It' t‘lltll‘lL’t‘ U] Haul
.t/t‘grt't' gru/tt/ Irll't'i'llll'l l‘.\lt‘l'(/ll i‘ fit I.‘
/lll'tll'.\ 1/l nil/tmrt‘ ( omI/t' Court trio
l/It‘ i'ulmimllt’rm o/ tritiu'rI/nu bro/rt!
lml .S'c/ilt'mlu'r aml slut-ml in (/10
IIt‘li'.\ l/iroirg/iuul I/It' .l't'lll'. III that
More. I/rt- t'tl.\(' llIl‘rI/l't’il .S'U,Vl"ul
tlt/lllllll.\Il'tIIlIH. Urir’vt'rxiri' I’ll/it‘t‘.
(Ir/.is o/ ‘78 Ofﬁcials. I/lt‘ .‘t/limri'
(UH/III I)i.\ll‘lt'l zllltll‘lll‘l“.\' ti[/it't'
mnl t'l't'll I/It‘ “Ila/mun" Iml/ (if/lie
{tritium "[ftlllllull mal Ito/it'll" Nt'll'
lurk ('r'ri' I‘o/r’t't' Icum o/ [01' [me
/Witl'.x. The juntlllfll}: i.i u
t-lit'mtti/tigt' o/ t’l't'III.\ in the Murt'
Better/to .iuga:

March l3. I975: Class ol '78 holds a
party at Dutch Quad: owes $702.53.
April 24: Class ol ‘78 holds party oit
Dutch Quad; owes $458.7l.

Sept. 20: Class of ‘78 holds party in
Campus Center ballroom; owes
5L4“).

Oet. .ll: Class til ‘78 holds Halloween
party iii Campus Centcr Ilallrooni:
ones $I.XI6.I7.

Sept. le. I976: Class til ‘78 inlormed

that they owe llAS 84.387.74 after
accounts at the L'lld til the fiscal year
ending .ltttie. I976. were revealed.
Class til '78 President Marc Ilcncckc
sztys that “cxc'siie spending over
the past I\\tl years" was the ‘ausc for
tire debts.

Sept. 2i: Iieneekc relinquishes all
spending power at a Class council
meeting. A watchdog Finance
Committee is also formed to oversee
class expenditures.

Sept. 24: llie finance committee
plans two payments exceeding $2000
limit the Class ol ‘7li to UAS. l'hc
cottiinittce. headed by then Director
ol Student Activities ’at lluehalter.
broke down the debts itito four
parties held by the class.

October 7: Beneeke is referred to
Student Judicial System. I'his
tclcrral. according to Dean for
Student Allairs Neil llrown. stems
[tom the investigation ol fiscal
titmsctttions ot the Class.

Oct. 20: llcttcckc signs contract with
the class til ‘78 agreeinglo pay $3000
to the Class "as restitution lor his

DOB to Decide on Environmental Studies

by M..l. Mcitimott

A letter being sent today lroiu thc
l)i\tsion ol ltudget to SUNYA will
tlctciiinnc ll an institute on the
ciiyiiontncnt will be established at
SUN YA this semester. it was learned
yesterday.

lhc letter could lead to t he rclcttsc
ot .ipprosimately “9.000 within a
Icw weeks. which would estab-
lish rcscateli lacilttics on the
city ironmeiit at SUNYA tor the first
time since the innvironmental
Studies Program was cut in I976.

the letter. a source said. is tltc
iesiilt ol the |)()li‘s review of
SllNYA‘s application for funds
put iii the State‘s
Supplemental liiidget by the
legislature last spring. lll ils
application. SUN YA outlined a plan

which were

hit budgeting the cnyirotimcntnl
tuutls this year. and made a
protection on thc next two years.

Ilte DOIi has now finished
ic\iewiiig that, application. the
source said. lotlay's letter is asking
SUNYA il DUIl‘s interpretation ol
what the plans are is the same as
SUNYA intended. || SUNYA stiysit
is. then the loads will be released
within the next two weeks.

Vice President for Academic
Allairs David Martin has not
received olficial notiﬁcation that a
letter is air the way. “If it‘s true. it
sounds great." he said. "We would
respond as quickly as we could and
start hiring people."

Vice President for Re 'arch Louis
Salkever also httsi'eceived unofficial
work from DOIl. He said. “When

 

lhc lands are clcarcd. l)()ll will issue
it ccrttlictite."

As soon as the lands are ollicially
iclctiscd. plans will be pttt inaction
to oigziuI/c an "institute oii lhc
cmitonment“ according to Martin.
A description of positions available
“I” be released and liirtng will begin.

“It will takc some little to get
people aboard." obscried Martin.

l’rolessor Louis lsmay. cttrrcully
acting as an advisor to students

‘ititerested iii lint irotimental Studies.
was very optimistic about the
possibility ol getting funding from
tltc state soon. He did observe.
however. that there is the possibility
that SUNYA may ittrn down Doll's
interpretation of the project as
related in tlte l'ortlicomingletter. I lie
Dtlll may have interpreted

SIPN l’A‘s plaiisdillercntlythan they
itci'c intended. he said. and ii the
dillerciicc is too large. the llrtitcrsity
may dcclitiiiic to accept the
interpretation.

More ieview would then be
necessary. with meetings between
SUNYA and D00 to hammer out
the ditlercnces Such a process could
delay the releasing of lands in—
definitely. the source said.

If the $89,000 is released in the
next two weeks. research facilities
“I” begin to be orgiinich. Martin
said. lie added that the tttoitey
would also he used for providing
assistance to communities with
L’Il\ll'tlllltlt.‘lilitl itnpaet studies. attd
to publish ati environmental
newsletter.

t'urtlirtiwtl mt pugcjivc

actions while President." llnderthc
agreement. llcneck’e would pity the
Class til I978 $200 per month lroiti
.Iaii.. I977 to March I978. a I5
iiiotitli span. It one payment is
missed. according to the agreement.
the entire balance would be due
immediately. It is also reported that
llcncckc ltad held a financial post iii
the Moytiihan for Senate effort.
According to a hiin lctel worker iii
the Moyiiiiiaii organi/atioii.
Iicncckc ltandlcd accounts ftir the
Moytiihatt Citi/en‘s Committee
October 29: licnecke is gitcti it IS
month disctplinary suspension lor
the thelt of $1000 from the Class til
'78. llie suspension is ordered by
llrown and is “dependant upon
adherence to the plan of fttll
resttt utioit to which Mr. Ilenccke Itas
agreed." ll Beneeke would miss a
restitution payment. readmission to
SUN YA would be rtiled ottt.
l\oicnibcr 5'. ltcneckc appeals
suspcnsion. lhc appeal Is sent to tlic
Stttdcut Allait‘s Cotincil ,ol the
l iitycrstty Scuttle.
l\oiembcr li: lhc Student Allttlt's
(otincil rclttscs to hear Ilcncckc's
appeal. Ilic vote is seven to one
against hearing tltc appeal.
Mid INoicmber: Ilic Albany Iimcs
l ttion inlorms Albany County
llistrtci Attorney Sol (ircenbcrg ot
mil/tritth on page Iwu

 

lNDEX
ASPects ........................1a-Ba
Braines......
Classltled
Editorial
Letters..................
Movie Timetable
News 

 

 
 
  

WCDB Gets Funding
see page 3

 

 

 

 

 

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

