 
  

  
 
 

  
 
     
   

 
 

 

" ' " ' "BEHIND CAMPUS CENTER

 sometimes

i . CONCERT

   
 
 

 
  

Wm.»

.~...,_, .,_. .~-~»~.«M... , “w M

    
 
 

J “WW Sioiii 1

Jazz

 

   s .. , . ; .f‘Blucgrasow 

-1 m: ,. 

        

a:
ti."

 

  A   
UE "Tl SURPRIS "S

UNLlMlTED

'50da- Franks-Ice Cram-Munchies
ALL FOR

1 $1.00 IN ﬁPlf‘lNCE'withtax m
1.50 day of .rhoar
2.00 University vest in advance

2.50 day of Show

p “Time 90 onsalc Mon. May Win Contact Ofﬁce.
GtESI' Must DE WIS? OY A messes we

wwazstrv........msr as is on clears ea ssavsa
ease!
5,». FUNDED

   

 
 
     

 
  
 

 

‘

MONEY REFUNDABLE IN THE 'EVENT OF RAlll'

 

   «Contact    

was mummy-éiaayiomwir a

 

. By JANE mama . '

Athletes..‘eelebrities,-and girls who are afraid men :
won't make passes at girls who wear glasses, are among

the millions of Americans who trade in their glasses each

year for contact lenses.
The popularity of contact lenses has increased

' tremendously since the 1940's when the hard lens was

ﬁrst introduced in'this country. Now, about six million
Americans wear contact lenses.

‘ r One reason for this, according to an optomitrist. Dr.
Stanley Eisenberg who has been in the business for 20- I
' years. is the development of the soft contact lens.

The soft lens; ﬁrst developed in Czechoslovakia in
the 1960's was brought to this country for use in the
early l970‘s.

Now, at least half of the people who are ﬁtted for
contact lenses each year get the soft lens, according to a .
spokesman from Greenshield Opticians lnc., a major
optical center of Long island.

The main reason for the popularity of soft contact
lenses is that they are so comfortable to wear and so
easy to get used to.

Whether one wears soft or hard lenses there is a
break-in period.

For hard lens wearers, this process begins with the
lenses being worn only one hour a day with time
increses daily until the lens can stay on the eye full-
time. This takes weeks and sometimes months.

The breaking-in period for soft contact lenses is much
shorter. The average time span is about a week and

   

“ A movie not lobe missed."

time almost immediately.

'-A as yeti-pie mediealattident. Andnkao'climaii." , .
who wore glasses moat of his life. decided to tryghard, -
contact lenses.;He said. “I couldn't: even make it -

through'the training period”. He now wears soft lenses
and said, “i went almost immediatelyto full-time use. l

couldn'tvbelieve how comfortable they‘wcre. 1 almost:

forgot they wereuin my eyes!”

The comfort ofthe soft-lens stems from the make-up ; -. ,-
of the lehses. They are 38.6percent watei as opposed to f ‘. ~
’ the ha'r‘d’lenses which are made of) rigid material. '3, 3; I
If lens I' will probablyanev'er replaceqthe: hard: lens '
' completely. according t’d-Dr. 'Eisenberg} ’; 

Theisoft-lense's can‘ab'sorb the tears from  eyes

which kkp them-warm and wet and comfortable._= ‘ .- I

_ HoWeveij, the warmth and moisture of the soft-lens. {_
is a perfect. breeding place for germs and bacterial For» , .
ethisreason,‘ a very elaborate system of cleansing and V 

sterilizing the lenses must be adhered to daily; . -. ~-; .

x The lenses must becleaned in saline solutlon'and. 

sterilized (by boiling)"every day. They must'also be

soaked once a- week in-a solution that breaksdown ‘

protein deposits from-the eye. “This is a much more
complicated cleaning procedure than that of the. hard

lens.“..said' Dr. Eisenbcrg. "The sterilization and the ' --

cleanirig'is so important because eye infections can
occurfrom unsanitary lenses. if i think a patient is not

responsible enough to care. for his soft lenses properly.: 3: .

l will'notiallow him to ‘get soft lenses. I will i'nsist'they

get hard. lenses" where the cleaning procedure ‘is "

relatiVely easy.“ : >

“Robert Altman's ‘3 Mbmen" is such a stimulatingachieoement ,;
ineinematic art that it makesone' rethihk'th'ewholeaestheticof . - ‘   '
motion pictures. Thereissomethimsouttet'lyunumal about . .3' ‘
‘3 Mbmen 'that’its like may never mate'ﬁaliu aga_in.'

“Robert/iltman's ‘3 V\bmen'is a mountain ofa 'movieand its  is

. Andrew Sthlqelbice . l

m... 1

Shelley Duoall. Beautiful and profound...a stunnirgfilm—tosee, lobe.

enwlopedbyand to remember "

v Gt'ni'Slmlit-NBC-TV »

“‘3 Women'has an originality and beauty of form that moves you

beyond the force of its insight. ”

jack Kmll — Newsweek

3 WW???

Shelley Duvall

Sissy Spacek

 

.3:

 

3

IaniCe Rule

W Century-Fox M
More”

new Robert

‘ wok/Mm 
n . . .
music Gerald Busby mats Bodlu‘ Wind Min Rinavtston MW

 

 

Exclusive
Showing!

ill .5

MAY 6. 1977

(ﬂ

CINE1'2'374-5-6 Tonightat
i'i'iii LI'iUJLE [glint

mailman: M.. 'rm

7:06, 9:30

 

I _. Contact

. t

‘  ,One young‘woman who'has been wearingjoftlensﬁ "

' " lenses is much higher thanlthe price of hard contacts};
' ' Dr; Eisenbe‘rgchar'ge's $300 forﬁttingandsupplying ‘, '

" from Bausch and Lomb Company and they just cost
' . more; I require a new'soft contact lens patient to see me

[according to- several major optical centers, the life of

i. .ye'ars. has‘b'een to give. them to patients who have just -v
" their vision completely. However. with contact lenses

- 'greatly'improved.

     

  
  

 

 

norm rout   ‘
‘ . '{Thej softjlens is slightly larger thanthe hard lens. lt '
covers alarge’r portion of the eye surface. Became of
this.“ it‘isalmost impossible for the' lens tospop'out‘of
the eye-aegis quite common with hard lenses.“ ' ‘
'. However. even With all these advantages, t

 

  

foi‘ ttvo years saysshe “walks around in a fog 
the-day because] just can‘t afford to get new lenses _' » '
 According-to most optical centers. the price of soft

' an lenses and $200 for hard lenses. .“I order my lenses

ssix or seven times before I allow them to't'ake the lenses
home with them and these visits are included in the fee.
, , The expense becomes.a_problemrfor many because

the soft-lensis only about one and a half to two years. '
After this time the lenses ‘must be replaced. V
' Thelhard lenses can last'ﬁve years or mare. If the .
'eyes'change. the lenses can be adjusted by_ﬁling‘.them '
.into the preper shape. This is 'not possible with soft -
lenses because_of'their composition; ‘

A' very Important use- of contact. lenses. in recent '
had 'cataraCt operations.” Glasses alone will not restore

on the :eye and glasses worn over the lenses, eyesight is .

 

Most times It' is elderly people who suffer with'
cataracts. in using contact lenses they must face another
problem—getting the lens into the eye. '

' it takes a long time for anyone to get used to putting
'something in their eye. This is especially hard for older
people whose hands are not that steady and Who can‘t
see in a mirror to see wherethc lens should beplaced.

The latest research in the field of contact lenses has
been in the area of developing a lens that can be worn
on the eyes for months without having to remove it.
Such a lens has been developed but has not been
approved by FDA standards. It is not available for use
in the United States yet. except on an experimental
basis.

Dr. Eisenbcrg said that for saving only a minute of
time a day it is not worth the risk of having something
in your eye day and night for six months or more. “I am
skeptical about this new lens. l see no reason for it,
except in extreme cases where the patient absolutely
cannot learn to put the lenses in or take them out."

It may be quite some time before the extended-use
lens becomes available to Americans. Until then.
millions of Americans will continue to put away their
glasses to pop their contact lenses in and out each day.

A Prominent Prof

continued from page 3a
fresh eyes.“

it is ironic to recall that the President‘s Task Force
recommended the elimination of Italian from the
school curriculum on the basis that the program cost
too much and was deﬁcient in noteworthy tcaching'
ﬁgures whose merit transcends the boundaries ofthe
Albany State campus. This error was quickly corrected
by the New York State Legislature. and later by
President Fields.

Next year Rimanclli will introduce several new
courses into the curriculum having to do with the total
halo-American experience. One of his exciting new
projections for the fall is a course on ltalian cinema.
This new course of studies was f ormully proposed in
March at the ltalian-American symposium held in the
Campus Center Ballroom under the direction of Dr.
Augustine Zitelli.

On a personal levelI Rimanelli is warm and affable.
His knowledge is vast, and his wit is intriguing. Albany
State should take special pride in the knowledge that

one of the truly remarkable literary geniuses of the
twentieth century is teaching here on campus. lending

 

his insight on a diversiﬁed range of topics.

PAGE 5A

 

 

       
 
   
 

 

