 

 

 

 

use w“- animate
bugthey'did put us' a'iiiiie'o'

 

       

unafraid-tie ‘éh tilt . . , .
,canii'ot‘bejforseen‘a'nd hat boaity’f yor'deat‘h'could.

_ ﬂuid a itivites _

   

faii- of iii: things

‘sKyitivihs-If -. .,  .. 
. t‘l‘ye-ti'ained 2000- students and put j5t)().0;btit~o a"

plane." he told us. “Altogether. I‘ve witnessed ovei"
ZQ.t)00jumps and I haven’t seen any deaths.” ' .'

Oiirjump was goingto be with a static linegwhich is
a chord that is attached to the plane arid the parachute
and opens the parachute automatically. By' law. a
beginner‘s first live jumps must be done with a static
line. ~

"This brought some relief to me for some reaéon. The
one thing that kept going through my mind was
watching those old Bugs Bunny cartoons we‘re all
familiar with. and seeing ol‘ Elmer Fuddjump out of
an airplane. pull the rip-chord and have pots and pans~
fly out of where his parachute was goingto be. It wasn‘t-
tbe kind of logic you‘d expect from a university
st udcnl: since I wasn‘t going to pull the rip~chord.' pots
and pans would not fly out. Oh well. . g i  I '

   

and how tojudgc the wind. . _
Steering was easy. There are two lines on each side of

you called toggles. Pull the left toggle down..you tWirf

Ief't._pull the right one down. you turn right. Simple.

In order to go to your drop target. you have to either
move forward with the wind at your back pushing you
(running) or stay fairly steady with the wind blowing in
your face (holding). ' ‘

Once again. not too difficult. at least on paper.

The entire course lasted about three hours.'during
which Mike gave a slide presentation and gave us a
written test. A key cog was thingsthat could go wrong.
like the parachute not opening or other equally minor
difficulties. If the ‘cliute opens. it takes about two or
three minutes to get down. If it doesn‘t. you‘ve got alfof
Ilt seconds. '

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘ pentheyi'nthdi iiastgii‘aitheoiitiie'rot  g
'“If'ully .aIl'z'ye’thattlietact'iyities of. .‘ ~
g'involve intrinsic .tfahiursxhat "

Mike went over all of the possible emergencies that'-
could occur and how we should act. He also taught us_ 1"
howto fall whenwe landed. how to steer the parachutes '

Another‘thing'we-had to worry about was the wind. ‘

 

 

That‘s why they gave us emergency chutes. Eighteen
seconds is awfully fast. Other problems that could
occur include “streamers.” which means you look up
and see the parachute flapping without a canopy. like a
streamer on 'the Fourth of July; or if the parachute

. becomes tangled and you see two large bubbles: this is
' called a Mae' West for obvious reasons.

There were also a‘few things we h d to do directly

I after jumping. First. arch—spread your legs and arms

'_and stick your neckback.”l'his prevented the parachute

. from getting tangled. Then. quickly. look. reach (for a

'rip<chord as practice for the real thing) look again.
then be prepared to go for the emergency parachute.

.' ' This routine was to be drummed into our heads. We
‘ . had to yell each stepas we didit: Arch Thousand. Look

Thousand. Reach Thousand. etc.

Mike lined us up in front of'the University Gym and
drilled us like an army sergeant. The screams of
"Arch Thousand" were chanted by all. Mike and
members ofthe Skydiving Club made each one of us do
it right. Swimmers and basketball players left the gym
and looked 'at us with amazement. only to be greated
by Mike bellowing “Hey there. turkeys. you wanna
jump out of an airplane?" Members of the class
laughed as the bewildered athletes looked at him as if
he was. yes. crazy.

After the drill was over. Mike called out for me.
“Where‘s thc'reporter'l“ he asked. scratching his beard
and rubbing his slightly beer-grown stomach.

A‘vo‘u "stittf‘wa'nnii iiimpr",’iie. .Ieked_._m¢_
‘ ‘ It ' a'rr‘i haid,’l|lht?|lﬂhin0t with much

      

." at. bett‘e/t’fdo good, aim if you crack up, it
t look toongt‘eat for us,” he said. i ‘ . .
Idihirn'thatl‘d trygto do my best. which met with

 

“the "parting line “I hope‘yo'ii bays havean obituary ‘

.cotitinn.‘justin easel” . ~
With this‘new'bunt of confidence, I departed,
screaming-“Arch Thousand.” into the night.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 My first day to jump-was cancelled because of rain.

' 'vA ’weekIIa‘ter. the sun rdse early'overithe Albany

horizOn, and there was nary acloud to be found. It was
a‘ perfect day for skydiving. *

I really‘hadn't given it a great deal of thought. and I
had vowedto get a good night's sleep the night before.
But. of course. there were parties and well, this
skydiver would have to. suffice ’on about four hours.
. 'I‘he'jokes aboutdeath and all the cheery things that
were supposed to’ happen tome were in full force. It
seemed that some of the girls I know were more
nervous about this thing than lwas. At least I made it
seem that way.

The night before. however. I went to the beloved
Rathskellar. picked up a catsup-stained cardboard
tray. and proceeded to write out my last will and
testament. Though I had promised certain things to
certain people—my blow dryer to Date and my
typewriter to the ASP—the one person I included in
the will was my roomate to be. Bob Uardner. To him. I
bequeathed my Mahavishnu Orchestra album. my
moustache and my side of the room next year. In a
touching scene. he gave the tray his seal of approval.
and then spilled pizza sauee on ii.

The first thing we did onjump-day was promptly get
lost on our way tothe airport. I blame it on atollbooth
operator who told us that Route 5 South going west
was the same as Route 5 West. When we got close to
Cooperstowu. Lissa Berger. a good friend with the

  

 

 

jump in. After that. a training session began at the
airport. We were taught how to fall and practiced by
repeatedly falling off platforms. They also taught us
how to get out of the airplane. The first things we had
to do was stick our feet out ona small bar right outsit

the plane. After that. we had to get out of the plane.

 

‘ A Norurlffiff‘i’ioh

 

 

patience to drive me there. decided there was
something amiss.

We arrived at the airport about 90 minutes late.
which meant that thejump would have to wait until all
the other people there ahead of me went.

The first thing that I had to do was get into a
jumpsuit. These were realjumpsuits. the kind you even

 

 

““ffffoy thoro. turbos/s. you wonno

 

 

jump out? of on ofroffono?”

 

 

 

 
 
  

PAGE 0A

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

balancing our left foot on the bar. dangling the right
foot in the air and holding on to a railing. The third
step was to go. which meant we had to push off. Crazy.

The training session was extensive. and helped
cvcryone‘s confidence.

I was to jump with a girl and a guy. senior Susan
Austern and grad student Mark Ileshcr. 'I'heirfriends,
seniors Harbara Stone and Jeanne Kasli. would be
jumping in the plane before us. along with this guy who
came all the way from Fordham University. All I
remember about him was that he had a nervous laugh
and I could swear I saw him stick rosary beads in his
pocket.

All of its were lii'st-timejunipcrs. 'I'Iic gals were the
only femiilesjumpingtliut day. and were a bit nervous
about the jump. So were the gtiys. for that matter.

When it came time for the plane before us to go. ti
wonderful show ensued. Barbara and Jeanne smiled
and winked and waved good bye toeveryonc, squealing
“Don‘t forget to write!“

Mark and Susan. who were more nervous than the
two about tti depart. took pictures aitd kissed tficni
goodbye. -

With the traditional "thumbs tip" sign. these two
remarkable gals made their way onto the plane. Ilic
guy from l-ordlittm looked worried.

I'or me. it was now How to gel the parachute and
helmet on. l’icking patriotism o\cr partying. I chose If
red. \\llllc and blue helmet int-r a lltidiicisci model. If
I‘m going to go. I‘ll go like an American.

llic gear was lied on really tigfit. nuiking it dillictilt
to walk. lhc plane was now waiting for its to board.
Our time had come.

Being the gentlemen we are. Mark and I let Susan
iiinip lII'Sl. I was to jump second. then Miirk. With
almost as much fanfare as on the previous plane. we
boarded and took our seats. I'lic airport was really
small With it grass field seiyiiig as a runway. l'lic planes
looked to me like WWI specials. lliey fit only five
people: the pilot. tliejttntpniastcr and us. As the plane
took off. I felt a surge of excitement go through my
bones. There would be no turning back now.

We took off and gained altitude. This was the first

 

 

ofono ., . . out I] know shot ehutto

“Who oﬂogosit floor If hoof woo
not? smoking myself? go out? of? shot

  
  
  
 

would, on '= If just? [know fit."

 

 

time I had ever been in a small plane and I was amazed
at how smooth it was. I was smiling all the way. a
combination of excitement and admiration of how
beautiful the scenery was. We circled around the
airport. and finally it cametime for Susantojump. The
jumpmaster gave her her instructions. which she
followed without complaint. 'I‘hen. shejumped. It was
the weirdest feeling for us. She. in our eyes. no longer
with us. gone.

I was supposed to be the nextjumper. but because
Mark was in a better position to move upfront. he was
ordered to go next. We both protested, but the
jumpinaster insisted. Mark. who was mentally
prepared to go third. had a sickly look on his face.
“beet out. get out. go.“ said thejumpmaster. and Mark
was gone. Now. only I remained.

'I'Iic jumpmaster motioned me to move up to the
front of the plane. which I did clumsily.

As I got to my position. I felt the gush of air coming
from the open door. If I had anysecondthougbts.they
were done for now. Right now. I was going tojump.
and there were no two ways about it.

the jumpmaster told me to stick my feet out. I
turned around and placed them on the bar. I sat there
waiting for the next order. 'I‘hcjumpmastcr looked at
me. Then. he said “(let out.“ I placed my hands on the
railing to the left and dangled my right foot. just like
they told us. I wanted. It seemed like a long time
between “(let out“ and "go". Finally. he said it. I
pushed back. and off I went.

The wmd was thrashing by me as I dropped 300 feet
in three seconds. My mind was a blank. then. the
parachute opened. much softer than I thought it
would. Mumbling to myself about what the hell I was
doing tip there. I glanced tip at the parachute and saw
that it was open and functioning well. After more
mumbling. and about another 500 feet of dropping. I
finally muttered. ".‘ll't'fl ’I'lmusmiil" \Vcll. better late
than never.

Ilic nth thingl worried about was \\ here lilt' airport
was. I frantically looked around.thcn found If. i‘ltlitll\.
I sat back and relaxed and took III the scenery and ii".
quiet. lhis was 2i personal moment. A two minute
interlude frotn the rest of the world. What titinqttility.

As I came into sight. it guy on the loudspeaker began
to“tnlk me down". I prepared to land. and. naturally.
did _]l|Sl what they said iioi to: land in a standing
ptlbllltlll undliiff flat on my back. [he next thing I knew
Lissa was there congratulating me and telling me to get
off the runway where I landed because the plane was
cotttlng in. l dashed off. my moment in the sky now
(HL‘I'.

What we did on the first jump is called sport
parachuting. according to Rinefierd. "Once you get off
the static line.“ he stud. “then you get into skydiving.
We call it catching ass“.

For students. the first jump is $35. and each jump
after than runs $10. Eventually. the club would like to

get into inter-collegiate competition.

What about my fellow first-jumpers? Well. they ii'II'
liked it so much that they‘ll be jumping again this'
weekend. “before hand youjust have such it different
impression of it.“ said Barbara. “You say. God. how
can I be doing this.“ "I‘m very glad I did it." said
Jeanne. “It‘s like something has been added to my
character because I had the courage to do this.“

“The biggest fear I had was not making myself go out
of that plane." said Mark. “But I knew that chute
would open ~- Ijust knew it.“

As for skydiving. Mike Voght said. “It‘s a natural. If
you took a poll. nine out of ten people would think
you‘re insane that you have a death wish or a screw
loose or something. It‘s man‘s look into the unknown.
'l'hcre are a thousand excuses for notjumping. It takes
a certain individual to actually want to jump."

We had made our first jumps and we had pictures
and a certificate from the drop lone to prove it.
Afterwards. Susan led us in a rousi ng chorus of“()ffwc
go. into the wild blue yonder. flying high into the
sky. . .“ as we discussed ourjumps and plans fortycs)
future jumps.

Yes. I guess it takes a certain type of individual to
want to jump. L'raIy.

 

 

 

 

 

Niki? s, 1977

 swam... “magmwwm ,.

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

 

 

 

 

