      

'4
t;

 

g 1.231. 

— '.-~i 

  -

 

   
    
    
 
  
  
  

."

 

.yrjA-Plizltsnowedin Florida at the Ohio River, V
"front: over at Cincinnati. where temperatures

dippéd to agrecord 25 belotgon Tuesday. Natural
gasisuppliers and utilities had trouble meeting
‘heatin'g.'dernands — Minnesota declared an
energy emergency ~— and scores of schools and
industries closed down amid cold, snow and

- power troubles.

In short. it remained grippineg cold across the
nation‘s eastern half Tuesday.

Minnesota‘s energy emergency was declared
after officials concluded the state might run short
upto 2 million barrels of fuel in the next 30 days
should cold weather continue. .The emergency
meant homes. businesses and schools—and. other
institutions were ordered to set thermostats to 65
during the day and 60 at night. .

Gov. Ella (ir‘asso of Connecticut said a.fuel
shortage also threatened in the New London area
because oil barges were unable to get through on
the icy Thames River. '

“Several companies in the New London area
have onlya one or two day supply of home heating
oil.“ she said.

The Ohio River froze over for the first time
since I961, and the federal Winter Navigation
Board was considering closing the Great Lakes to
shipping for the first time in more than 2 and a half
years. '

A U.S. Coast Guard spolesman said ice had
caused barge traffic to slow to a virtual halt on
. sections of the Ohio. Mississippi and Illinois rivers
though the rivers have not officially been closed to
shipping. Many ofthe barges carry coal and oil for
heating or salt for icy highways. -

In Michigan. state officials expressed fears of'a
massive fish kill unless heavy snow and ice melted
on the state‘s H.000 lakes. The ice cover was
blocking sunlight needed by underwater plants to
produce the oxygen that fish must have to live.

In Ohio. officials urged schools to close because
of snow and heating problems. They estimated
, classes shut down for half the state‘s 2.2 million
public school students.

Schools were also closed throughout the
Northeast; as far west- as Oklahoma. where four
inches of snow was recorded in Tulsa..and as far
south as Florida, where PensaeoLagot a half inch
of snow. ' ' '

Mississippi also had snow in much of the state
-— up to five inches at Vicksburg — and highways
near Jackson were closed because of ice.

Though it was not to cold in Louisiana —
temperatures,were mostly in the 205 — Mayor
Leonard White of Bienville had heartwarming
advice to townsfolk who complained about the
cold after an explosion cut off gas heat. “Go to
bed." the mayor advised.

Officials in Florida were worried about frost
damage to fruit and vegetable crops. lt dipped to a
record I? at Gainesville. and officials said

 

‘anything below 27 could damage citrus crops.

F v
r it dooi
E, m“ it)"

    

- it “32'2". —4o-j1

JKC‘KSOMIILLE »
. .-—50' ,

 
 

 
 

NAva . e : -
\ - .. Reprinted from The New York limes.

 across the U.S.

l The extent of damagewon't be known for about
10 days. but one spokesman said it was the coldest
since the I970-7l winter when 27 million boxes of
oranges were lost. -

Wednesday to “Jingle Bells“ on the radio and the
almost unbelievable sight of snow flurrics. It was
the farthestsouth in the United States that snow
has been reported since record-keeping began in
the I800's.

It’s insane...we don’t

understand it.

 

While south Florida received only ﬂurries of the
white stuff, other parts of Florida got heavier
doses. accumulations of snow and ice were
reported in cities across centraland north Florida.

Hundreds of trafﬁc accidents and at least one

_ traffic death were attributed to the unusual

weather. which caught residents unprepared.

Temperatures dropped to as low as 9 degrees"

Wednesday in some northern areas of the state
and into the 30's in south Florida.

"there were reports of snow in many parts of
Dade' County Miami." said Glenn Schwartz ofthe
National Service. He said it didn‘t snow at the
official station. so itwon‘t go inthe record books.

"But we'll put an asterisk next to the line that
had said the most southerly snowfall was in
Brownsville. Texas.“ he said.

The city of Miami Beach stopped its series of
New York newspaper ads showing daily

temperatures at Miami Beach as a way of luring

tourists to Florida. The ads will resume when the
weather improves. 4

Weary central Florida citurs growers. many
workingttround the clock in snow and slush.
braced for a “killer freeze" late Wednesday and

‘ Thursday that is expected to bring record crop

 

0 it P. unearthini’ﬁ'v  V
UNYA Atmospheric Science

iproletsors’ﬁn‘nd sciénti's‘tt recently'jdllcusEd this
« cold winterra‘ forecast for snow-in Florida, and .
“ why Albany is now colder thsn’Aleska,‘

. Raymond E. Falconer. research unocirite,.st

the Atmospheric Science Research/Center, ex; '

plainsj“When the warmymoiit'tropical sir begins

'to move north and northea'stward. the cold, polar r
: high pressure‘a-ir—"l’move’s south -:and ‘"
' southeaetwar’d.” Falconer continued,.':“The

southward moving air is usuallyhelped along by a
strong jetstrenm-wind up at high levels of about
25.000 to 35,000 feet in the atmosphere. Blowing
shouthward‘ or southeastward dewn, usually over
the Plain states.” Falconer added, "and then mov‘-‘
ing eastward. first over the Gulf States and the .

Mississippi Valley. the jet ‘stream‘moves eastw‘ard --
‘ over the Mid-Atlantic and Northeastern States."

Falconer said.',£This year the jet stream loop has

altered. Instead of moving West'to east the loop

has steered north to south." V '
“Cold air is sweeping ‘into Canada and then

Mississippi Freezes

(AP) Enerty conservation, a theme from the days
of oil embargoes. was a stark reality to many in the

Midwest and East on Tuesday as severe winter .

cold maintained its grip.

Record-breaking 'low temperatures cloggedi

navigable waterways with ice. severely hampering
traffic on such widespread transportation lanes as
the Ohio. Mississippi and Thames rivers and the
Great Lakes.

Ice floes were as high as 12 feet in some parts of
the Mississippi River near St. Louis. officials
reported. I -

“It‘s down to a bare trickle," said Floyd Wade.
lockmaster at Locks and Dam 27just above St.
Louis. “See that tow out there. the J.W. Hershey?
We locked it through two hours ago. and it‘s still
within shouting distance. Nothing is moving.

“Some of the old timers tell me this is the worst
they‘ve seen in 50 years."

Mel Doernhoefcr, a spokesman for the Corps of
Enginneers. said. “When you condidcr that 60 per
cent of the millions of tons ofcargo that move past
St. Louis each year is fossil fuel-coal. fuel oil or gas
you have to believe that some power plants and
factories up the Illinois River toward Chicago are
going to be hurting soon.“

Similar conditions on the" Ohio River have
already forced shutbacks in power production and
industry as far east as Pennsylvania.

Fuel Shortag

Many of New York State‘s biggest urban school
districts Were closed because of stormy weather or
natural gas shortages today, giving tens of
thousands of students an unexpected mid-winter
vacation.

Schools Close

Most of the closings were in western and central
New York, where supplies of two gas companies
have become particularly acute.

Meanwhile. the shortage in western New York
forced the closings oftwo large Chevrolet plants in
Tonawanda. and two other manufacturers. in
Jamestown and Wellsville.

There was no immediate word on how many of
the state‘s 760 school districts closed. Many of
them use fuel oil for heat. Nor was there an
immediate response front Education
Commissioner Ewald Nyquist to a request from
the Public Service that all gas-heated schools be
closed until the situation eases.

  

moving down and hitting the eastern pari of the
midwest and moving east} said Dr. Harry

Hamilton, instructor of latmoepheric‘science‘e.
“The mean temperature over? the Northeast.

through the layer-of air from. the surface up to 5

kilometers in; the earthfs’katmosphere

' (lmPOsphere) is-tlielowest temperature of any

’ such layer in North America?irielttding the Arctic-

Circle." Hamiltoliwent on to list Sunday’s record

breaking weathemports: Cincinnati—24° below, .

Washington D.C.;—2° below;’(-‘1h_is may be the
coldest inauguration in history”). and Juneau,
Alaska—33 above. w  " - _
“It‘s insane.“ Hamilton declared. “We don't un-
derstand it. Florida is 'now . having Albany
weather." “The («coast is for snow in Florida.”
Hamilton assuredihowever- that tanning will not

be affected. “Taming is from sunlight, it bears no.

relationship to coldness. If you can standto lie out
There in the cold, you can still gets tan.” .
In discussing .the weather, Hamilton said,
“Some measurement may show that the-Sea
change over the North Paciﬁc may be the cause of

 

With the gas sh rtnge and snowy, frigid Weather
continuing |ll uestern New York. all public and
private schools in Buffalo cancelled classes today
and Wednesdth The public system has 42,000
students.

Public schtmld in Niagara Falls were closed
today and Wednesday.

Other closings in the state for today included
synmnc. llinghamton, Johnson City. Endicott.
llornell. Walkin! (ilen, Dundee. Middletown.
and L‘analnllill'lt‘. the city of Oneida. and the
Vernon-Verona-Sherill district.

The school closings Were requested by the PSC,
National Fuel turd by Niagara Mohawk Power
Corp.. the largest upstate utility. Its gas customers
are mainly in eastern. central and nothern
sections.

National risked its school business and
industrial customers to close down for two days.
and for residences to have thermostats turned

 

these changes: The sea plays a signiﬁcant role in

‘,/.world' temperate patterns.” He ontinued. “The

drought in the Northeast. during‘the late sixties,

.may have been caused from detected (after the

fact) colder than normal sensurface temperatures
off the Atlantic coast.“ t. t "

Professor Hai Kyou Kim, who is known for his
work in International Magnetospheric Study
noted that “The magnetic field might play some

1 role in the weather.” Kim continued. “Scientiﬁc

manpower in Kyoto, Japan at Lake Beiwa, found
that the magnetic field is gradually 'decreasing.
This may have something to do with magnetic
solar terrestial changes as inﬂuencing the
weather.” N _ _

Kim said, “The sun's role is major. Increasineg
it is apparent that the sun and solar x-rays play
quite a role. The magnetic ﬁeld is decreasing just
as temperatures are-decreasing."

“This is not the onset of the next ice age," said
Hamilton. “We go through these periods every
once in a while. The normal year is made up of slot
of extremes.”

university photo service

i s Close Schools

down to 55. A company spokesman said he
expected gas demand to peak today.

“The gas supply situation throughout the
Northeast is seriously overtaxed and we may not
be able to depend on pipeline sources much
longer.“ said NFG President Louis R. Reif.

“Local storage fields and wells have been
weakened by the huge drain on supplies caused by
the brutal weather, . . .“ he said.

The company serves 665.000 customers in
western New York. and nearby areas in
Pennsylvania and Ohio.

In urging school closings and business
curtailments. PSC Chairman Alfred Kuhn said:

“These are drastic steps. but they are necessary.
The upstate utilities are caught in a terrible vise."

Within a few hours Monday. Niagara Mohawk
imposed and rescinded a virtual ban on natural
gas for manufacturing among the company‘s 535
industrial customers.

   

 
 
  

  
  
 
 
 
 
 

A Frigid Day

U.S. Cities

Hi Lo
Albany 14 -I0
Albu‘que 40 '2
Amarillo 53 2'
Anchorage 42 33
Asheville '8 '5
Atlanta 25 1
Birmingham 25 3
Bismark '7 '2'
Boise 35 19
Boston 15 5
Brownsville 46 39
Buffalo 1 '4
Charleston 32 20
Charlotte 25 5
Chicago 4 42
Cincinnati ‘1 '24
Cleveland *2 '17
Denver 53 ‘3
Des Moines 3 "‘5
Detroit ‘ W -|0
Duluth 5 '20
Fairbanks 24 |
Fort Worth 46 '7
Helena v 47 20
Honolulu 33 7'
Houston 45 29
lnd‘apolis ' 0 '20
Jacks‘ville 34 21
Juneau 43 34
Kansas City '9 ‘4
Las Vegas 71 32

Little Rock 3| 6
Los Angeles 82 50

Louisville 7 -13
Memphis 26 8
Miami ()1 47
Milwaukee 4 -l4
Mpls——St. P. -2 -25
New Orleans 35 23
New York 12 -l
Okla. City 50 Li
Omaha 9 -8

Orlando J6 30
Philad'phia 3 -4

Phoenix 70 42
Pittsburin ~2 - | 7
P‘tland. Me. 9 -2
P‘tland. Ore. 52 33
Richmond |7 .1
St. Louis to .12
Salt Lake 45 23
San Diego 86 50
San Fran 48 2|
Seattle 55 5|
Spokane 42 34
Washington 18 2

Canadian Cites

Edmonton 27 I2
Montreal -6 -'l l
Toronto 5 -4
Winnipeg -4 ~36

 so oo
/; Florida.

,' thermostats at‘SSJde'greeI. ’ .
" , ' _ All four of the ‘mtlon's automa

unscheduled: holidays to conserve head
"and homeowners. were advised, to set.

 

Motors. Ford. Chrysler and America Mom

I _ closed plantain 0hio.New Yorkand iehtnnf

net of power. and: Pittsburgh's Equitable Ou C 7
ordered all its production—:05. Steelcorp. and
Jones a Laughlin' Steel Co. amongther'n- '

The instani'power shortage was the result\of
freezing “(either that embraced nearly half the
country—from the Northeast south into Florida
and went through Ohio. Michigan‘and Illinois. (_

Tallahassee. Florida. ofﬁcials ordered the city‘s
public schools shut down Tuesday becausequ the
natural gas shortages. Temperatures in some parts
of Florida were in the teem on Monday.

The New. York State Public Service
Commission asked scltools which use natural gas
for heating to declare immediate holidays
beginning Tuesday. Hundreds of schools would
be affected. but there was no indication Monday
night how many would comply.

National Fuel Gas Corp. asked its residential
customers to turn back thermostats to 55 degrees
in their homes and“ urged its business and
industrial customers also to set thermostats at 55.
The utility servers 665,000 customers in western
New York, eastern Ohio and northeastern
Pennsylvania. '

Niagara Mohawk Power Corp. of Syracuse.
which serves schools in‘ IS counties in New York.
said it was contacting school superintendents

Monday night in an effort to cottvice them to
voluntarily shut down their systems beginning
Tuesday for the remainder of the week.

Also. the People‘s Natural Gas Co.. which
serves 300.00 customers in western Pennsylvania.
asked 90 school districts in I6 counties to cancel
classes for the duration of the extreme cold.

Thch was no word on how many
superintendents in New York and Pennsylvania
agreed. --

In Trenton on Monday. South Jersey (ias Co.
officials asked all customers to restrict fuel
consumption to “essential uses“ and advised its
122.00 customers in New Jersey to “cut back
thermostats. turn off gas lights. postpone washing
and drying—and even bathing.“

.. (iov. Brendand Byrne appealed to the public to
comply with the utilitie‘s requests in a public
network appearance Monday night.

Schools were closed Monday in seven
Maryland counties. and several Baltimore city
schools were shut down becatfse of heating
problems. -

  
   
 

mass utelllte photo tantrums to
Menominee" by Item Putter-eon]  ' 

 

PAGE 4A

Kismet: STUDENT panes

JANUARY 21, 1977

ALBANY STUDENT‘PRESS

l

 ' “on

 

“"99 "l,  

 

    
  
   
 
   

 
   
    
     
      
           
     

  
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

  

  

a
1i

 

 
 

 

