at...

John Breslin and Mike Mechan.

by Eddie Emerman

Many teams might falter after '

playing four matches in five days.
but not. the Albany State varsityten-

_ nis team.'_ Who defeated Sieria
college SH and the. University of
‘Vermont 8-l last Week.

Last Thursday. the Danes faced
the lndians'of' ‘Siena College in a
match that was earlier postponed
because of rain. It was the third
straight match for Albany in as
many days. _ ‘ - '

Two days earlier; Albany defeated
Union College 7-2 then followed
with a 9-0 blanking of Hartwick
College the next day.

Only singles matches were played
against Sicna. And that was good
enough for Albany. Everyone but
Mitch Sandlcr was victorious forthe
Da es.

Paul i-‘eldman heat Jon Arcieroo-
2. 7-6. Dave Denny won 6-3. 5-7. 6-0.
over 'l‘om Crawford. Matt Reich
beat Chriss Arnold 7-6. 6-2. Phil
Ackerman and Mike Fertig beat

respectitlely. by identical scores 'of (i;
f). 6-0.

Albany finally got a,bad|y needed
day off before they faced the U niver-
sity of Vermont; rated a tough team
by Albany‘s head coach Robert
Lewis.

It tttrncd out that Vermont wasn‘t

as tough as expected. but only
because their three top playersdidn‘t
make the trip to Albany.
' Playing undcr windy conditions
Albany swept through all six singles
matches and two of'thc three doubles
matches.

Feldman topped Scott 'i'urbau 6-
4. 6-0. Denny whipped Bruce
Rockawitz (M. 6-2,' Sandler beat
Mark Compagnon 6-2. 6-4. Acker-
man beat Andy Decry (>4. o—I andin
the two closest matches of the day.
Reich beat Frank Babbott 6-3. 6-7.
6-2 and Fertigedged I’ete Logan'o-lf.
4-6. 6-3. For Fertig. the win was his
ninth of the year against f‘ourlo -' '

In doubles. Fcldm n nd Sandie

A Piece of Pie

. g
The Last Piece Of The Pie

by Mike Pieka

Alas. the end is upon us. At least it's upon me. I'm the one who's leaving.
You‘ll have to find yourself a new sports editor next year (assuming I
graduate). ' ' I

I hope you enjoyed this sports year as much as I have._ Besides the deadlines
and the layouts and the people complaining because I didn't cover their darts
tournaments or tiddlywinks championships, there were some rewards. Yeah.
theresure were — like ~— welll . . . I " ‘

Anyway. it was achailengc. And it's along way from my first assignment in
the fall of ‘74 writing a baseball preview. Since then I‘ve written about so
many sports that .i think I might have invented a few.

Yes. there have been alot of memories overthc past four years; some good.
some bad. some serious. some amusing. ' '

There was the first Afbany-Siena basketball game lever saw. way back in
the winter of'74. The Danes trailed theentire game but kept fighting back un-
til Byron Miller hit ajumper with about 20 seconds left to give Albany the 84-
83 victory. '

There was the football team's perfect 9-0 season of two years ago.

There was the soccer team‘s NCAA bid of '75

There was the tennis team's two league championships.

And. of course. the ‘76-'77 Great Dane basketball team winning its first
SUN'YAC Championship in its history. and making it all the way to the
NCAA East Regional finals. Not to mention defeating Siena in one ofthe
most emotionally satisfying games i have ever witnessedn

There were lighter moments. as well: the time in the press box when the
football announcers packed it in after the first half —~ not because the game
wa- so one-sided. but because they were disconnected from the air waves; the
times when they kept trying to play the national anthem at the basketball
game and finally cut it short after the third attempt; the time when Albany
batman Mike Melzer got thrown out ofa game for raz7jngthe ump when all
he said (to the bathoy) was “move those hats awayﬁ‘

Yes. it was quite an experience. I‘m pleased over the growth ofthe sports
programs here up to this point but things may get worse because of the
economic crunch. And the womens sports programs is hurting because of
luck of participation. And baseball. my favorite sport. is still largely un-
attended (That is a dumb place to put a baseball field. You have to take six
years ofjungie survtval just to find it behind the swamp).

liut it has been fun. And onthe topic of'sports. I want to take this oppor-
tunity to thank all the players on my intramural softball team for all the
memories they‘ve left me with. The Mean Machine andthe'76 championship
season will never be forgotten. A record of'ZI-Z ain't bad. (Sorry we couln‘t
do it again boys).

Besides my parents. without whom I would not bc here. i want to thank all

those people who made my life a sports editor ' 't a little more enjoyable.
'l'ha k you coach ‘5 Hurlingame. Ford. Sauers. Sc cf'feiin. Munsey. Garcia.
Lewis. Motta. White. and all the rest for all yourtime and patience in putting
up with my "fool" questions. (Damn reporters).

'Ihanks to Bob Rice and Jerry Green at sports information for their in-
valuable assistance.

Thanks to my typi is and tech workers Louise. Laurie. Vicki. Sally.
Laurie. and chb l'hanks to all my reporters. iirian. Andy. Ken. Chris.
Mary Ellen. Rich. Ken. Judy. Mike. Don and all the rest.

Special thanks to my favorin reporter. associate sports editor and “waste
bail” partner. lid “t he Head" Maser; undextra thanks to the next Red Smith.
Eddie Emcrman. my associate. (Good luck next year. Ed. You're goinng
need it!) And to everyone else who i did not specifically mention ~~ 'I‘H AN K
YOU VERY MUCH. I . -'

And finally. to all my devoted fans and readers —— thanks for putting up
with me all this time. i appreciate it. So long. and remember: You won't ave
l‘iekarski to kick around anymorei

teamed to beat Vermont's topdu'ofs-
3. 6-3 'whife Ackerman and Denny
edged Vermont‘s number We team
6-4. 6-3. The Danes‘ only loss went to
Fcrtig and Reich 8-3.

The two wins improved the team's
overall record to f3-3. but perhaps

significant is their o-Jre'cord during «

the spring. . .
. "Before thes 'on. I really looked

forward to the spring." said Ackere '

man. Albany‘s number five man. “i
think we did really well and much of
it had to do with our trip to Florida

before the season. it helped us a lot." .

Coach Lewis agrees with Acker-
man. “In the spring. the players are
much better and more competitive
and this helps ottr players become
more competitive."

individually. all the Danes had ex-
cellent seasons. Feldman. Albany's
top player the past two years. won f4
and lost or y once this year. in his
two years. he ' 24-2 and has never
lost to a Division III opponent. He
also won the SUNYAC title for the
second straight year. ‘

For Denny. this season marks the
end of" his college career l'he Dancs‘
captain h won tentltis year against
only two Io Denny had to miss
the early part of the fall season with
an ankle injury but came back strong
the rest of the year.

“I had a pretty good season. The
highpoint of'the season had to be my
win overEric Rossuminthc Unive .'
ty Center Championshi
Denny. Denny beat Rossum in a

Stickmen

The Albany State lacrosse team
snapped a' four game losing streak
with-an II-9 victory over Rl’l last
Saturday.

, The Dunes. fresh off their l3-l2

‘ triple overtime loss tothe University

of Vermont. were playing their
fourth consecutive game on t he road
and Albany's Head Coach Mike
Motta wa ' expecting a “tough game"
with the E ginccrs. “ Last year RPI
beafus 9~5 and they are a better team
this year. 'said Motta.

RPI got on the scoreboard first
and from there. took a slim 6-5 lead
at the half.

UPS/MIKE WAKS

Albany captain Dave Denny hitting this backhand against Bruce'

Rockawftz of Vermont. Saturday. Denny won as did the Danes.

dramatic tic-breaker. 7-6 at

Denny w: ' selc ‘ted to participate
in the NCAA ' :ion III Chant-
‘ ' to be held in Milisaps.
tsstppi during the Week of May
litlh.

Denny is the only member not
returning next year. and his absence
will be left. “Dave's loss will he a big
o te." said Acker ttn. "He gives the
tcant winning spirits." Couch Lewis

also noted Denny‘s excellent
leadership qualities.

Sttndlet'. the nttmhcr three player.
httsattX-S cord. Sandlerhadancx-
cellcnt fall. topping ll off with a
SUNYAL' title at the number two
singles. Ilc also teamed with I‘eld-
titan to win the SIINYAC doubles
crown.

Perhaps the biggcs surprise of'tlte

ill has been Matt Reich. the only

muuuum/ mt [myt' In't'mr-Iiru

Win; End Losing Skid

Albany played a good first half.
accordingto Motta. ttnd now it was a
question of whether or not the Danes
could come from behind to pull out
the victory he answer was yes.

The Dane 'cored four goals to
RPl‘s two in the third period to take
a 9-3 lead at the end of that period.
Then they outscored the Engineers
2-f in the final period to preserve
their Ii 1 win in two and a half
weeks.

Motttt was pleased with theteam‘s
overall performance. “Our offense
was consistent all day and we had a
good day clearing the ball from our

“PI/HIVIN sums-no

Albany's Jay Klank (44) scoops up groundbelf in recent game. Danes
but nPt over vigil-ad. gnawing a tour game losing stuck.
a . "w ..

end. which has been a problem all
year round." Albany clettred the ball

hf) percent of the time on the d y.
l’laying four good quarters in one
game has also been a problem this
year for Albany. but not ag ' .'t
Rl’l. “For most of the ' ‘on. we‘d
play two or three good periods. and
one had one. A ‘nst Ri’l we played
at the game.“ said

aek was led
bytheir big goal scorer. '
fioggin scored five goals giving him
27 on the year. which lies the record
for most goals scored in one season
set two years ago by him.
No Big Scorer
'I‘Itc Danes had to play part of’thc
third and the entire fourth period
without their othet big scorer. ferry
lirady. who pulled a leg muscle attd
' forced toleavetltc g' me. He had
one a . before his depart are.
Jay Ktanka had another ottt
.ding day for Albany. lie won 7o
cent of his face-oil's. had 25 ground-
balls. and scored one goal.
In goal for Albany was (iary
Miller who stopped l4 oi the 23

'are now 4-7 on the MM”
htlt that figure could have beencastly
reversed with a little luck. "We lost
titrec games this year by one goal. if
we got a few breaks we could have
won those games." said the Albany
coach.

“Overall i am a'IittIe disappointed
this year. In the beginning of the
season i had high hopes for the team
and I thought we would do a lot
better than we did.“ said Motttt.

Alhtmy has two games remaining
on the schedule, botlt at home. io—
day they face New llnven at 3:10
p.m. and Saturday they take on
Colgate beginning at 2 p.m.

—E. Emerman

I

. ..s~ “‘5thinng

. “brasserie

 

