 
 

    
  

   
  
 
 
   
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
 

 

   

 

it. three years ago?

colored terrain dotted with
green pines; ’highlighted by ' a
tt'c‘ with‘ the' minarets Standing

* se'ntrne over the trees. 

y; Suddenly. we‘re insiders town which

with cement. the only relief given being
from the grape arbors and palm trees, and
a grey sea washing the shore of'thetown.

A brown people. flashing white smiles
as I walk past obviously lost. stumbling
through the town. A people interested in
brothers and sisters l have—«an
overwhelming people.
generation making their slower ways

friends or sitting downtogether. In a cafe.
the men with walking sticks and dressed
in great black baggy pants. in a knot Of
chairs in the doorway of'a house. spilling
out into the street. the women in black.
some working on the lace ol'thc island.
Yet all stop what they‘re doing as I walk
past. someto stare. others to glance away.

smile lighting their eyes and suddenly

 

ylmlcm here at SUN YA. having recently
I‘t‘lllf‘tlt‘lljl‘tlnl (:l'llt'ilx.

   
  
  
 

Otte .. ,
occupation to try .i’o’. exchange cultural
vieivs, cOnf‘rontedb ,a. roud 0 le. 3

“ This is . the tragedy

:hasysprung' up like‘a mushroomi'almost?
overnight—a construction fabricated

. V drive right with the border,.a.btirricr‘
‘ interwoven with barbed wire and niitcfry.il~

   

and see the skyscrapers ofiFa‘magusta

‘ rising in a distanthaz‘e.‘ My father tuiiis
the car around.so that ourlbacltsarc'

towards the city, yet‘as if of one, accord,
everyone turns for another look. My

father says what ’cveryon'e has'bcen'

thinking. “It‘s been three-years." '

Meanwhile, .a friend 'gets the.

opportunity to go behind the-linesgto'a

v combined UN/Swedish"corifererice. and

of Cyprus—+21 ‘people :

torn asunder and kept apart, two'halves oftt

whole split,
joining.  

what I am doing. who I am. how many people f'icrcclyproudof their heritage.

Not hostile towards another culture, but

The older inclincdtowonderj‘ustwhytherestof'the

world choses not to 'be Cypriot. lt's

down the roads. stopping to talk with bizarre to feel like an exhibit on display.

but a feeling begins to grow that I‘ve
somehow managed to be strange and new
and dil'l'ercnt(mute as well). much likethe
neighborhood children who wander oh-
so-casually into the house. peer into my
room. then run away,‘ chortling like a
character out of Lewis Carroll.

Yet there is another side to the

they greet me. rather formally. but with a Cypriots. 'l'he smiles. the happy children,

the hospitality are a veneer'for something

making them scent ltuman. amused at my else. Perhaps it is~a feeling; a feeling with
4 , , j H . perhaps no basis but avery strong one
I'.(llltlf‘.\' Mile: Iltc (Ill/llllt' l.\' prarenlly a noncmcms‘ mm one day‘hcy will return
home. ,  '

We go for a drive one' Sunday. and

 

 

 

 

 

then prevented-from ' re-l

finds that everydiie from Larnace wants
something from their homes in
Famagusta. She” comes home. but
shaken—it‘s nothing more than the shell
of a city. block alter 'block of stripped
clean houses and tangled gardens. A
ghost city. yet still it is the home the
Cypriots yearn for. the home they wish
one day to return to.

Alter three years. some still continue to
pay mortgages on homes they haven‘t
seen in three years.'others still preface
remarks with "‘You know. we are
refugees. and one listens to the
anguish that is still overpowering after
three years. I ‘ »

Some of the refugees have successfully
re-established themselves. Businesses in
Larnaca and Limassol are growing at an
ever growing pace its businessmen. forced

‘ treatise, ;‘

  

 

stores scattered throughouteaeh Of'the
refugee_sc'ttlements. - ’j '-
 While the‘plight of the so called
“liners”. of the Cyprus war has been

evaluated. what of "the‘ “winner's”, the

Turks, doing with the territory secured in’
the Conflict? ‘ j' .
For the most .part, '. the Turkish
community did not participate. in the
technieal aspeets of the cities. They were
the artisans and .the.“main-d'oeu'vre“ of
the villages. They too are refugees-«those

'Turks south of the 'Green Line were

forcibly uprooted and transplanted tothe
north Where they lacked the resources to.
make 'a city such as Kyrcnia or
FamaguSta function successfully.
forsakened by' the mainland Turks. The
end results is that the desolation isjust as
tragic on their side of the border. empty
minarets standing watch for the faithful
who nevercome. .

This _is the tragedy of Crypruswa
people torn asunder and kept apart. two
halves of a wltolc split then prevented
from either rc-joining or healing
separately by the presence of outside
interests that have perverted the thinking
of a people. The people of this island are
not Greek. nor 'l'urkA-but a separate
culture midway between the Near East
and Byzantium. 'l‘o force them into one
mold is wrong. to maintain the present
pathetic state of imbalance is inhuman.
and reeks of the worst results of
imperialism. ,

Both sides have lost. and are losing.
The question that remains is whether they
will he forced to continue to lose.

 

 

THE ROLLING Dudley DO-Right ,s i
. _ A bar and meeting place
25 Morrison Ave.
' ' ' Troy N.Y.
(Toke Troy E'ast exit off Of 787 - Right of first light, to the top-of the'hill.)
t c   I live Entertainment Tues --_ Sat-
. , . Open evenings at 8:00 .
. 3°”. '"°n"°"'”f'm‘°i'8'l§7u$"n '"Siirtlrmfla 332§°3aft1f~3°ll§§flli°f 'd f 1 - 0
3133236333; Park Concernyand stuglo rehearsals. home mogfasnapd   a t ' 0
interviews. Experience the Stones like you've never sensed them before. '
This is the finest collection of the rarest Stones films ever assembled In .
one proqmm' ‘ I  Tuesday-------y-
Beer Bush 8 pm - 12 pm >
Ladies $1.50
- ' Gents $2.50
EXCLUSIVE PREMIERE SHOWING Genny Cream ole
FOX COLONIE THEATRE °°°¥°OOWednesday°°--’-9
Wolf Rd. opposite Macy's . ALL NIGHT
lorintormation call 459-1020 Pitcher Genny $l.00
MIDNIGHT snows Oct. 13, 14, 15 32';‘sﬁ;;esgﬂggg“§g
MATlNEE SHOWS Oct. 15, 16 ‘ a
  Hls'ory 0' the Beatles -O----- Thursday 0------
ALL NIGHT
Molson's Golden Ale
Midnight Special - Thursday. Friday. Saturday or 5 
Lowenbrau
Matinees - Sturday & Sunday or
Michelob
.------- Friday --------
l pm - 7 pm: Happy Hour
Genny draft 15a Schlitz draft 20::
Hot dogs 15a Bowl of clam chowder 25a
Bur stirred drinks 50c
Best Rock Dance bands available!
Starting tonight: YOUR MOVE
J

 

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

OCTOBER 11, 1977

, _ r . 'su‘ccéisftilfenterpriF .
, in the north. ,trytolreeotip some measure-
of their losses. Theirs is not is rose-strewn
"path'-.-,-tt‘ta‘ny lich lost, everything. . I
. . including'the wi|l_to' build thW.: The 
H . consequence can be seen‘ inthe hundreds,
of .s'o't'rv'lakia stands and minute grocery

 

 

 

 

Review: Charlie Daniels Band

Daniels Band: A Touch
Of SOuthern Comfort.

By BRIAN FERRIS

UCB‘s Palace l‘hetrter concert series
got under way Friday night. as a packed
hall listened to the southern music sound
of the Charlie Daniels Band. and their
guests. the Winters Brothers Band.

Concert Hoard got the bargain of the
semester in getting the Winters liand to
appear for the grand total of $750. They
seemed to have matutcd as a group over
the past year. with their material lending
Itself nicely to extensive soloingandjams.
linlorttnuttcly. tltey refuse to do so. I'lreir
music is played as it appears on their
album. leading to predictability and
ultimately. to boredom.

lhc baml is ttol without its good
points. however. lhcir ode to nmrijuana
called "Homegrown" is a good uptempo
number that will hopefully be included on
their second f.l’. correcting the
inexplicable mistake of leaving it off their
first album. The ll'lltlt'l's Bro/limit ltutnl.

In a final. extended jam. the Winters
lland were joined onstage by two of
Charlie Daniels boys. guitarist [our
train. and keyboard specialist Joel“ | or."
l)i(iregorio. Now If the group cotrld only
uritc a few more songs like the finale “I
Can‘t Help It" and add in a few more
solos. maybe next time around the
Winters lirrnd will be able to raise their
asking price.

lhe Charlie Daniels Band would sectn
to stand as a good example to their
uarmup hand. Unlrkc the Winters. the
Daniels liand performed more solos and
jams than this university has .iAl’S. A
good example of this was shown with the
song. "Saddle lr‘amp“. during which

i

 

up '2‘).

Guitarist Tom Crain pr

 

 

OCTOBER 11. 1977

    

everyone in the band was permitted a
solo. First came solos by Crain and
Charlie on guitars and then 'l’aI. did it on
the keyboard. The hand then retreated
backstage. leaving the two drummers.
Don Murray and Fred Edwards. on stage
to perform together and individually.
lhcy were joined by bassist Charlie
llayward who played a bass solo that can
only he described as too short. The rest of
the hand then reappeared. Daniels and
(ram played the dual lead guitar till. then
one short final jam. and the song was
o\ct.

lhc band contrrrttcd mrsmg new songs
from a great ncu release. flit/night ii’iml.
as well as old cottccrl favorites. An
uptempo \L‘t'sttnt ol Daniel‘s
comment on Southern conscnatism. the
real old fatorilc. “lincasy Rider" was
happily included. l)rrmcls explained tltal
they had dropped the song from their
L‘tillL‘CI'ls sctcral years ago to promote
their more serious material: rather than
be labeled a touchy tune band.

As lor‘ the mglus only criticism. l still
can‘t understand why Daniels doesn’t
shout lhc lyrics or sound triad or stick
some emotion into the singing of
"llrrrmngham fifties". Instead. lrcturns an
otherwise concert higltlight into doodlcy
squat. l he result rs likc l’at Boone singing
“Street lighting Man". a little
unbelievable and who cares anyway.

it soon was tune to do sortie fiddle
\york. lhc frddlc songs are always the
show stoppers m a Charlie Daniels'
conccr'l because they guarantee to get the
crowd jumping. Daniels and fiddle
appeared onstage during four Crain‘s

clccl rrc

o

 

   

    
  
 
 
 
 
 
       
      
   
 
   
   
   
  
 
 
   
  
  
  
 
  
 
   

UFS/IONME IUCHMAN

Charlie Daniels displayed his musical prowess in several guitar and fiddle
solos throughout the night.

tasty guitar introduction to“Cumberland
Mountain If‘)". He next brcc/cdtlrrotrgh at
good new song." Redneck l'iddlin‘ Man".
feat tiring rtjall piece in the middle which
not urafly came as a surprise. I his brought
the concert to a close but this hand. like
most bands. saycd its best songs for the
encorcs.

Not many bands Itayc assembled thrcc
encorcs that can please a crowd more

UPS/IONME IUCNMAN

ovlded solid backround and oil times brilliant solos.

Did you forget?

W('l)ll PM will hold its Music/Programming tneeting
this Wednesday night at 8:00 pm. inthe ’atroon Lounge.

Attention:

New members may sign up at the station forwce

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

kly trrtitting slots.

than the ('lrrtt‘ltc Daniels liand. ()n the
lll'.\l cncorc. " lcstrs". a confederate flag
“as \trned from the first to“. producinga
great cloud reaction and a smile on
Daniels larcc. l\\o more loot-stomping
fiddle ftlttcs followed. the Southern
national anthem. "lhc South‘s (ionna
l)o ft"; and "Orange lllossom Special".
lltc band played Its first three jamming
songs lli frnc stylc especially the guitar'-
lrrftllc mtcrplrry and ('ram‘\ solo during
"tirrurgc lllossom Special".

Perhaps the nirolc party mood of the
night was c\cmplr|rcd often. during lhc
lruzrl clltotc. Ilamcls \ltlplktl right Ill lhc
mnldlc of :r lltltllt‘ solo to quail doun tl
hccl. “llclt fth‘tl about lll\l1L‘L‘l drinking
on \lilllt. lirrrrtcfs c\plrnucd. “l‘d use
tlntorrrtfc but It :un'l near as nutch lint."

lhc baud llil\tl\‘l|llllt.' plans lot the near
ftuurc. lhrmcls mcrrtroncd a lclmision
appearance "for .t l):rll;rs \llllltlll called
K/l W. he‘ll probably use If If! simulcast
\\tllt | M stations." lloncycr. I wouldn‘t
hold my lucatfr \yrutrng for It to bcslroutt
Ill «\lbauy. Ilrcn time is the Volunteer
.lrrttt. l lll.\ orrgmrucd as liamcls s;ry's."wc
rmtlcd some of our friends to come up
andjustjrrm\trtftrisonourtuolryetracks
on l/It‘ /'Il't‘ on l/It‘ .llomi/m‘tr album.“
What was at first rt one time thing has
trrrncd mto an annual Southern music
ctenl. lhc next one Is scheduled for
.ltltlllttl')‘ [4. m the Nasltyrllc Mrtnieiple
Auditorium. | ook for another five,
Volunteer .lam album wlnclt will combine

cos

a new sound
tor Albany

.lhrs years and last years jams.

k Wﬁﬁﬂmﬁb :=.- 2?."

PAGE SEVENTEEN

 

