   

 
  
 
  
  

 

      
 
 
 
  
 

  
  

‘i-Topic; .

 

'\

American 

Lu p»

more: 1 "1985. ~

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ter what your plans are after college.

We're looking forward to an executive lob using
the skills we gained in college -— including the

 

leadership skills we learned in the ROTC program.
Talk about options. We can go directly into an
executive lob full time in our field starting at
$10,900 as an officer; we could go to graduate (or

‘ 1 LARRY CORY ELI. 8: I:
4 special guest gm
of PAGE HALII:
. : FRIDAY, FEB. 'I F— -
:i’ ’ at 8=00PM '
one i; Tickets: $1.50wlfax
'   g Extra buses after the performance :-   m 5:! ‘
‘  ’_ g g 1th uptown campus will J Feb. IN “86%;; CAMPUS :
i  f      13:, funded by Itudent association 1 l l '
ti l . . . -. t
I; I ,, . .

._ -
professional school) first. or on a subsidized
/ basis later; or we could go into a civilian job and
exercise our commission strictly part-time as a
reserve officer (and supplement our civilian in-
come about $1,500 a year to start).

The Siena ROTC program can help you get
where you want to be. Call 783-2536 or stop by
building 01 and talk about it.

 

 

 

 

 

 Hello. Breakfast...

~' Goodbye, Stomach

by Robert E. Gray. Jr.

Breakfast had always been something I'd
looked forward to . . . until I came to
SUNYA. I got rather fed up with the whole
business one day last week. It was a bright.
snowymorning and. being my normal. cheer-
ful self. I descended to the cafeteria for a bit of
pctit dcjcuner.

“ Who! are you calling this?" I asked a line
server.

" Western Omelet. " she replied.

"/1 nd what it is in a western omelet?"

“ C owboys. "

After consuming this culinary delight l was
overcome with a SiftLﬂgt) new feeling-nausea.
it gave me strength. and I made it to my
bathroom in less than thirty seconds. This
presented me with a new purpose for being; 1
was to start a quest. Deterntination burned
within mc.and l was goingto get my meal plan
changed.

Clutching my stomach. I trudged over to
Ten Eyck. There I was greeted by a grungy. old
man. evidencing definite schizoid tendencies.
Hc grunth at me. and returned to playing
chess with the radiator.

“I it'ou/d like Io Iukt' ltrt'o/tj/irt'l ti/fmy meal
plan," quoth l.

" ‘Ti.t' rt long and dangerous [tillrlll'll',_/i‘tlilglil
with _/'ru.ttrrltion and anxivrt'. ’l‘lw/i'rtt my: l.\'
to sub/nil a letter will] your“ I‘t'lIXUlM for the
change to Illt‘ xltlt'it'otjt' (‘ontntillotu Bt-tt'tll'e
[/10 region ol'llrt' ('Ullllillm‘tlrvl‘, thought/or it l.\'

full o/‘tlt't't'plt'ott (lllt/ ll'll‘kt‘l'_l'.”

The Advisory Committee, I found out. is»
made up of all past and present members of
the Rotterdam Elks‘ Club who consider
themselves to be vested with papal infallibility.
They decide il'it is in the great scheme of things
that you should change your meal plan.

I submitted the letter. A week later it came
back with the epitaph "No Chance" scrawled
across the top. What had gone wrong? Where
had I failed‘! No one in Ten Eyck wanted totell
me. I burst into the Food Service Office and
shouted. “Why?”

“Why not?“ replied the secretary. and added
as an afterthought. “You‘re the one who just
cursed at me over the phone. aren't you?“

“Hell. no" l said. realizing that l'd been
pegged as a baddie. and probably would not
get any kind oi'cquilahle assistance. l was mis-
taken, She lowered her voice to a husky
whisper and conferred the following gift:

"Here is a telephone number. I am not per-
Illllll‘tl to release this tt'ontan‘r til/e, bul .t'lte
t'urt lit-lp you Will] your problem." I took the
number. ‘

“Where it Ihix \t'tllnllll located?“ I asked.
Her eyes glaletl over; she was thrown into fits.
tttrning hltte belorc my eyes.

“The [)lllt't' Ihut is llllllllt’rdl)lt’,' tho/ind.
winking (lurk/mint [hill is rolled the Curit-
uttxxtujt' Region. "

I was expecting a shimmering haze again.
but was presented. instead. with the transition
from secretary to large avocado. Still hungry
from lack of breakfast. and not wisltittg to

i that l hoped would unlock at lean partof "
puzale'. A voice appeared, seeming not oitlyto ; '
‘ come from the receiver. bu

grilled ,ctteetej sandwiches) t. too
and left. ' ‘   V I
Back in my suite, l dill tltec‘ bl

t also from the heck
ofthe refrigerator. , W “I' . C 7
(4.."To whom do' you wish-Jo speakP'Bit
queried. I ‘ .  V .
"Madame Rwandauburundi." win my.
return. i ‘ ' ‘ . I L '

" The Madame sees no one. '.’ '

"But I have the Ruby slippers!" ,

"In that case, I‘ll see what I can do." '

I explained my problem to The Madame;
she at once deemed it “a monetary matter."
Terror. a vast amount of'terror ﬁlled my
soul. '

- "I only used the money end as a viable ex-
cuse," l pleaded. "I didn‘t want to insult
anymte tlten. it's really becauseof the food!"

"The voice of Doom has spoken. "came the
booming reply. "Go see/(further assistance
from the Ministry of Financial A id. They have
the power to transform your ineal plan. "

"Btu \t‘llal il'llrisfails?"

“Then bring us the broomslick Q/‘Ihe wick-
0d cleaning lady of Fulton Hall."

   

  
  
   

nfronted jwtttt three ehdldee'tele

 

.oﬂ'mynreopan. '- ;I ‘v

- . ‘it’ou can apply for EOE" . 1‘
"Do they have to eat breakfast?" . I
“ .V L . Or you can set up an appointment

with one of our counselors; the earliest poul-  r ‘

ble date is May 3." , I I

As I stepped out of the ofﬁce. the walls of
the building slowly faded. I could see that l
was on the corner of a large square bordered
by smaller squares. SUNYOPOLY was
emblazoned in the middle of this board, and
there was more writing elsewhere. I looked
down at my square. It said: “Go to Hell. Do
not get change. Do not collect refund."

I am not ar-good loser. but in this case I'll
make an exception. I will no longer attend
breakfast. Instead. I' wish for an Advisory
Committee member to take my place at that
meal. .If this causes a problem with their meal
cards, and the machine does not pass them. my
advice to them is the same as their counsel to
me — Shove it! Sometimes it helps.

Words of Wisdom

by (‘ary Scott (ioldinger

Study Finals Yech Library Anxious Done
Relax Party Bars Drinking Bombed Cold
Snow (iood-Bye Thruway South Home
Parents Brothers Sisters Dog Yech Food
Relatives More Food Sleep Ahh 'l'V Relaxing
l’arty Bars Drinking Bored Eat Tension Eat
Nothing Doing Eat New Year's Eve Big Deal
l-oothall Football Football Lucky Florida
I’uct'lo Rico L‘alilornia Arirona Very Lucky
Warm Sunny Ian l’arty Bars Drinking
Beaches Sunburn lime Flies Back Home
Family l-ood Bored 'l‘V Bored Food Gain
Weight Love Kisses (iood Luck (loud-Bye

 

Speedreading

Gerry Flores 785—1535

 

Speedreading Classes

Now Forming

The SUNY College of General Studies is now
making available the course of American

Academy.

Register Immediately.

First Class: Thurs. Feb. l0. I977 6 pm - 9 pm
Fee: As low as $l7.9() per session
Classes also available Mon., Tues. & Wed. evenings

For Registration Information and Interview contact:

Dr. Millard Harmon 472-7508 (on campus)

Thruway North Cold Colder Coldest Snow
Slush Ice Still Snow Hello Concrete Welcome
Back Old Friends Relax l’arty Bars Drinking
Bomde Freezing Classes Yech Drop Add
Closed Section Card Beg Lie Graduating
Senior Still Cold More Snow Run [)own
Application for Degree Bookstore Crowded

0
Check Cashing Hungry Starved Gateway
Stufled More School Broke Check Cashing
Overdrawn Account Yech Study Library
Alrcady‘.’ Yech Rut Routine Relief l’arty Bars
Drinking Botnbed College Students It‘s a
tottgh lil'c Enjoy Hie!

 

Rt. 155

 

 

l Fem Fanny’s Dino

255 New Karner Rd-Rt 155
Albany, NY—456-3371

Fatso’s Goodtime Happy Hour
from 9 - 10 pm.

Any Beer 10‘

   
      
 

Friday & Saturday

Mixed Drinks 25'

Fatso's

'P}! Blind

Wash. Ave. Ext.

 

 

 

 

J
WWW-131W
The alternative filmtc experience since 1954. Present8

Fri. Feb. 4 -

The Last Days of Man on Earth 1

Sat. Feb. 5 -

A behind the .l't'L’Iit‘A‘ loo/t til Ilte people

funded by student association

The third in our science ﬁction series

who bring your .t'ex ﬁlntasies to the screen-first in our

Sex Stars

Saturday documentary series.

 

LC 1 $1.00 w/tax
7:15 8: 9:45

 

$150 w/out

 

 

FEBRUARY. 4. 1976

 

ALBANY STUDENT mass

PAGE ELEVEN‘ _ V

y

 
  
   
 
   
    

(r-

