 

 

28 his? filthy laundry. Snoopy ,giVing‘ a ﬁnger,

records. Beatles weekends, sidewalk talent shows . . ..

.- . ,
/ 

my man. normal-tern

The swarming of soon-to-be-freshmenv

about the university has turned me nostalgic.
For many ofthem. this is their first extended

visit to SUNYA. and that has made me think

about my first visit here. '
orientation. It was not durin
My brother went 'to school here from -
1975. Ivisited him in the first week of 1131:;
during his sophomore year.
Retreapectivesnare by nature beautiful; the
black areas always fade‘toward a shade of
bearable gray. But this memory was
unscathed . before it was a memory.
Throughout my entire stay. I never once
dwelled upon the overabundance of concrete
the endless array of pillars. or thd

.. I

symmetrical line-up of tree upon tree upon
tree. I noticed it all, but it never occurred to

' me that someone might be annoyed by any of

it. I was fifteen.

My brother picked me up at the Greyhound
station at'ncon. “Hey Jude." the best song
ever released, was playing on the radio as I
got into the car. The next two songs were by
the same group."‘It’s a Beatles weekend on
this station" Bill explained.

As soon as we got to State Quad, he had to
leave for lunch. He and two of his friends
brought back a couple of sandwiches for me.

"They were roast beef sandwiches and tasted

pretty good.
Bill was slightly concerned that there
wouldnt be enough amusements for baby

brother. ’it seemed. and made a conscious
effort to spend as much time as he could with
me. We went bowling. played a game of
pinball. and walked around the second floor
of the campus center. where some sort of f air
was going on. I bought accmputer printout of
Snoopy giving the Red Baron the finger
which was funny then. '

Nowhere in the course of our travels did
Bill say anything negative about the spots we
were passing. He didn't particularly enjoy
his time here, butxhis comments remained
impartial. And there was no way he was
thinking about the fact that I might go to
school here one day. He wasn‘t even thinking
that I might one day go to school.

It was gloomy out. The everpresent chance
of rain which seems to linger over Al bun v on
even the sunniest days was the only blenhsh
on the afternoon. It was dinnertime. and
rather than attempt to sneak me into the
cafeteria. Bill told me to prepare for more
stolen sandwiches.

While he was gone. I walked throuuh the
rooms in his suite. George and Mark hm in
amazing capacity to never once a)wnsh i!l\‘
of their clothes. or b)put any piece of clot l I : ll u
in the dresser or closet. Bill explained later
that the two of them had contests to see Wilt)

. could form a higher pile of laundry ml the

floor. When they ran out of clothes. they
would merely turn the pile upside down. and
suddenly the dirty stuff became clean. when
compared to the soiled clothes :h..t
previously peaked the pile.

Nothing but records. Everywhere I hmlml
— more and more records. Any record you (I
ever want to find. 'for sure. i thoheht I
listened to “Ladies of the Canyon m 1
Buffalo Springfield’s best-cl" .IIIMIIII

Retrospective." And thenl put on it rm HI Ill
had never heard of called “A Good VUUIIIIL' to
Know." by Poco. It was the most cmuyuhlc
album I'd ever heard. Five years later. they re
still my favorite group.

That night. we tried to go see “A CIOUKWUI‘k
Orange" at the Fox Colonic. but the lt-rhtthg
prevented me from getting in. Instehd. we
went to the International House of Pillli'll he»
acted silly for awhile. and headed bllt'k it)
campus.

Bill visited a few friends. and l wnllwi
around his suite some more. I picked ht) Al
harmonica from the desk. and made sum.»
ghastly noises with it. Most of tho peoplv r 
Passed by noted how poor the sum
exhuming from the suite indeed wore. rm
was still enjoying it. George took the
harmonica. played Sweet Georgia lirmvn.
and told me to go on playing as long as I liked
hearing myself play. It's the only wuy 1”
learn, he said.

 

quince? stair-rigs: Patron 1'? 
" r'f‘Uh. no."_Hisse‘s‘andi-10srsfilled as. it

He walkedaway. thoroughly embarr 

We lowered our standards and expo ti

‘ as the night were on. often settling fo

Mine was a broad, kaleidoscopic view,
unknowingly distorted by naive blindness.

 

‘

Bill's RA stopped in and was introduced to
me. Within two minutes. he commented on the
fact that most younger siblings who visit
their brothers and sisters are meek and timid
and quiet. as compared to me. who was bold.
brazen. bordering on repulsive. Somehow. he
said it nicely.

It was past midnight. and about six of us
found ourselves standing between ‘Anthony
and Whitman. idly doing nothing. This was
my first experience in college hanging out.
and at first it didn't seem muchdifferentthan
high school hanging out. My brother tried to
accentuate the lack of any sort of activity in
0111' g'l'ou, yttwning.“’l‘his sure is a neat
circle we ve lill‘ll'led here.“ George mentioned
that “ What .» :leat. old manl" was the funniest
line from the funniest movie ever made. and
that Paul McCartney's grandfather was the
funniest character ever created. Charlene
started singing a line or two from "A Hard

Day‘s Night" and a couple of us joined in.
Someone passed by and gave a strange look.
"Probably can't sing." Charlene said.

“Probably doesn't have much talent,"
someone else said. Soon another person
walked by. and Richie shouted. “Hey. you
have any special talent?"

The girl stopped. gave a bewildered grin.
and performed afive second soft shoe routine.
We all applauded wildly. She curtsied. and
walked on.

Someone else strolled by. and was
requested to play “What's Your Talent?" He
said he juggled. so we gave him assorted
items to throw around. and he complied. We
applauded. he walked on. and we laughed
until the next victim unknowingly crossed
the stage.

“Name your talent!" we demanded. ‘

"Huh?" -

“Name your talent. Don’t you do anything?

Whistling. humming. closing your eyes
touching your nose With your index’fingsr'or
hopping. The applause was enthusiastic :- r
nonetheless.forwewere veryeasily pleased;  ‘
It seemed that the awkwardness of walking ; _
right . by us and hearing the boos was _' '
potentially more humiliating to everyone?
than standing béfore us and- performing. -
One of Bill's friends passed us about four
times. and simply made a gesture as if he
'were finishing a wonderful song and
accepting the audience's cheers. We.
applauded accordingly. perfectly content
with his "talent." , '
We started singing as it became apparen

"that no more acts would be coming our way.

for it was 2:30. Kids started shouting requests
from the dorms. and some threw pennies
when we sang one of their songs. Finally a
husky voice asked if we could shut up for
. about seven hours. '

Richie answered. “We still have more
requests." as he scampered to pick up some
pennies. “I‘lltell you what though. For adime‘
we'll stop singing." .

"Howrabout a nickel and three pennies?"
The money came sailing down. Richie
collected it from the concrete. and our choir
disbanded. _ '

Five years later Charlene‘s'married. has a
child and is living in Texas. Richie and Bill
own an art print and frame store in Urbana.
Ill. George. after amassing/about about six
credits in as many semestersleft for home in
Watkin’s Glen. Bill's little brother goes to
Albany.

My, first visit certainly wasn't the
determining factor in setting my course
toward a school whose founder is named
Rocky. architect Stone. and whose chief
commodity iscement. But that day must have
had some influence on my decision.

I 'didn't know then that roast beef '
sandwiches arehard to find on the quads. and
cost a dollar and change in the Campus
Center. Or that Beatle weekends come only
once a year. Or that the abundance of records
which had impressed me so much. are often
played at unbearable levels while you're
trying to study for a final. Or that hanging out
rarely turns into atalent show and often turns
into a rather uncreative means of passing
time while blowing smoke. -

There‘s no omnipotent "them" to blame it
on. The last time I found myself standing in
front of Fulton with afew friends, I could have
said with a Liverpoolian accent. "He says
he's Pawl‘s grand-fatha" and challenged the
first passer-by to close his eyes and touch the
tip of his nose. Instead. I said. “Let's go to the
Rat." as I had a hundred times before.

When we pass an incoming freshman
contently smiling at his new surroundings.
some of us look down condescendingly.
mocking his utter naivity. But inside. we
envy him.

We wish to hell that we could be there again.

That’s the way I’ve always heard it should be.

 

 

 

 

 

