" Foreman can R'Epsta SERViCE i

Also Intermediath compact domestic cars.

 

 

itl% off on all service and parts
with this ad and any college LD.

 

 Subjects

my 1) ge one

for the distribution of the National

institute of ‘ Health‘s biomedical
research funds on campus. couldn't
remember whether any money had

been allocated to the Psychology.

Department. .

"Even if it had. it wouldn‘t have
been very much," said Saturno.
"Biology and Chemistry generates
most of the grant. itbout seventy per
cent.“ he said.

O‘Leary said that funds used to
pay student volunteers will only be
extended until the end of the

 

Washington
later it
\\'c~ ct ll Atc.

 

JON‘S

 

 

 

\l .-233 Western Ave. Rear
1 llllllll . . .s .
Quad Lacross lrom Vt. l. s

449— i 203

 

 

Music council

thee Music Store:

This Monday

John Tilbury, Pianist from England.

Avant Garde Music.
2:00 PAC 213

Presents

Workshop.

 

Jean -Charles Francois,

8:00 PM PAC B78

contemporary percussion
workshop; he will play his own compositions.

Phil-"lili'liiiMAL

 

 

 

If you want a career In

 

tv

film
advertising
writing for media

 

public relations

 

instructional technology

 

Earn a Master of Arts
in Communication Arts
at New York Tech . . .

A 32-credit. professionally

grain in communications ieatures extensive hands
on experience as well as theory. All undergraduate
majors may apply. Full time and part time study.
Convenient Long Island and Manhattan locations.

Tuition is $70 per graduate

sistantships. and externships for those who qualify.

New York I

«Technology
I

Call (516) 686-7

or send this coupon:

____ ______ ____.____.J

New Vorlt Institute at Technology

oriented graduate pro-

credit. Fellowships, as-

nstltute

778/9

 

Dr. Adrienne O‘Brien Old Woslbury, NY. 11568

Name.  .. , . ,c.

Address
I City. .,

Zip Code .._..., .___.. W,  . 

l
' Sendiniormatton on NVtT graduate CA program
I

 

 

  

.  .State..
.u...Phone( l...

L_______.___._..._._._.__......_...J

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

“It may be that some of the grads
won‘t finish by the end of the
semester, but we‘re hoping that they
will." said Gallup.

According to Salkever. the funds
will be made available into next
selttcstcr, if necessary.

"As tar as l‘m concerned, it's there
until tircy spend it. but there is it
maximum." he said. without disclos-
ingthis iigure. “They all have to get
approval from the Human Subjects
Committee before they can go ahead
wttlt the projects, anyway.“ he said.

The institutional Review Board
did ttot. until recently. review
research involving students in the
Psychology Department‘s subject
pool. said Counseling Center Direc-
tor John Tucker. a member of the
Board.

“The Board was established by
Federal regulation only to review
research tlrat was being supported by
Federal grants." said Tucker. “We
later found air! that HEW changed
its regulations to include non-funded
research,“ he said.

According to Tucker. every
research proposal which is presented
before the Board must include a
statement of methods to be used in
recruiting subjects for the project.
The only requirements. he said. are
the subjects be 'volti'niecrs and that
“if they are minors. handicapped.
mentally disabled. or female. they be
identified as such."

“Psychology is a science." said
Tedcschi. “The problem with psy-
chology is that it‘s so popular. We
have fourteen or fifteen hundred
students in intro. each semester. We
just can‘t have labs. We don‘t have
the personnel to handle the labs. we
don‘t have the equipment. we don't
have the animals."

"We hope students will learn
something about what psychological
research rs like.“ he said. " lhc paper
is another method of exposing
students to research techniques."

icdcschi said that attendance at
the Psychology Department‘s wcck-
ly colloquium is being considered as
ii possible method til exposing
students oi introductory Psychology
to rcscttrcit.

"Maybe we cottld require trttcri~
dance at live coiloquic or five hours
of participation in experiments. or a
iivc-pagc paper. We don't want
anyone to accuse us ol forcing
students to participate in research
projects." he said.

Martin said he hasdrscusscd some
possibilities with ()‘i.cary and the
Psychology Departrrrcnt. but that
nothing has been ptrt in writing yct

"'l his scnicstcr. people
itill'illcd the rcqurrcrncnt and tlicrt
lhc requirement was wnrycd." said
icilcschr. "It wasn‘t Inn to tlicrrr
Sonic people didn't do arty thing." he
said

atlliiC

\rtltl that not many
students h.itc volunteered for ex-
pcrtincntssolar.cvcn wrthlhciinari-
crtil tnccnttvc.

"it’s been a screwed tip scrncstci iii
which all kinds of expectations were
gcncratcd and then things were
changed." he nitid. “if we could pay
thcrn $2.30 art itour. maybe then we
could get them."

icticscltr

 

Vorster and Apartheid Win Overwhelmingly

JOHANNESBURG. South Africa (AP) South Africa‘s whites have given
Prime Minister John Vorster and the apartheid racial policy a landslide
endorsement in the election of a new parliament. The Nationals‘
overwhelming victory was‘intcrpreted as a vote of approval by‘the white
minority for the government‘s recent crackdown on black Civil rights
organizations and its other tough police policies. About 60 percent ofthe 2.2
million voters went to the polls despite stormy weather Wednesday. The
country‘s 22 million blacks. Asians and eoloreds' persons of mixed blood

have no vote.

Welfare Costs Reportedly Down in New York
ALBANY. NY. (AP) Legislative Democrats released a study Thursday
which they said showed that the cost of New York's rnuiti-billion-dollrtr
welfare system has started to go down forthe first time in 20 years. Assembly
Speaker Stanley Steingut, who is under partisan attack from Republicans for
refusing to clear legislation which would have made outright cuts in grants to
welfare recipients. released the study and said it shows taxpayers are saving
even without such cuts. He attributed the decline to welfare “reforms” by the
legislature. such as reduced payments for medical assistance and increased
clforts to purge the rolls of incligibic recipients. But some ofthe decline in
costs which Sicingut cited began before the "reforms" were cnactcd. Anti
other aspects of his figures were subject to debate.

Debate on Seat Belts tor Buses

ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) School bits operators and sttttc officials dcbatcd
Wednesday the possibility of requiring seat belts in school buses. which some
argued might help prevent injuries but others said would be little used, Sctt.
Linda Winikow. l)-Rockiand. told some 200 persons at a conferenci-
sponsored by the New York State School Bus Operators Association that the
legislature may require seat belts dcspitc warning of high costs because "y otr
can't decide on safety irt terms of cost." She said that in some previous actions
on school-bus design the legislature had acted erratically and had not gitcn
adequate consideration to costs. “When we decide to require something “C .it
least need to consider what it will cost arid whether it is worthit.“sbcstitd.

Arab Oltlclals Meet in Libya

'TRIPOLI. Libyﬂ't‘APl Arab foes of President Anwar Sadat gathered in

Libya‘s capital today for the first ofthe conferences spawned bythe Egyptian
president‘s visit to lsraei. Early arrivals included Algerian President H otrarr
Boumedienne. Palestinian leader Yasit Arafat and a high-level dclcgation
from lraq. Libyan officials said President Hafcz Assad of Syria was expected
later in the day. The Tripoli parley is expected to last two days. Still to come
are another “rejectioinst” conference called by lraq in Baghdad next wcck
and an Egyptian-Israeli meeting in Cairo about Dec. I3.

Public Members May be Added to Con Ed Board
NEW YORK (AP) A special mayoral commission that investigath last
July's blackout recommended Thursday that three public members be
appointed to the Board of 'l'rustces of Consolidated Edison and that
"economic sanctions“ be imposed if it fails to meet performance slitlitlilltls
The commission place the responsibility for thc Juiyl3—l4 power failure on
the management of Con Edison. bttt also sharply criticized the State Public
Service Commission and the l‘Cthi’iil Power Commission for Iailtngtoinstrrc
that the company provided "adequate. safe and reliable service." “it is plain
beyond doubt" that the blackout could have been avcricd had the regulatory
agencies lorccd (Ion l2dison to implement recommcndatioris nrtrdc alter the
|‘)(35 powcr lailtrrc that blacked otit most ol the northeast sttllcs. thc pililL‘l
said,

Carey to Decide Release ol Attica Testimony
BUFFALO (AP) A \ltllc Suprcmc ('otirt justice has ruictl that grand |lii\
tcstimony about the actions of police dtrririg the bloody i‘)7l Attica piiwii
icyolt must rcrnarn sccrct. .lusticc ('arman in Brill ruled chttcsdm III-tl
tiov. Iltrgh (“rircy should decide \thcthcr to release publicly thc rcntrirndcr oi
the second and third minutes of a report on the rc~tttkirtg oi ‘\ttrc.t
('orrcctionril i'iiClllly. When lt‘trtrpcrsslortttcd thcprisormhcy fatally \ltitl l‘)
incn tricltrdirig iii prison cmploycc hostages. A total of“ pcrstittsdlt‘ti lid”
ruled that "the public intcrcst lics riot in the disclosure of selected cxttiph ill
grand jury testimony lot the purpose oi supportingconclusions ol the \it'tt't
Report. birt rather to guarding the secrecy ol grand jury minutes.” |i.tl|'~
opinion said.

Mild Winter Predicted

LA JOLLA, (falif.iAP) Last winter wasthc most brttcrthis nation has iiitt'il
in lilii years. Btit |)r. .lcrornc Namitts saysthisonc will belcssintcnsctiirtl iii.i
even be milch than tislttll. Nttmtits. a researcher rnctocroliigist at Stripp
Institution of Oceanography. isthcman wholast ycarsucccsslully lorimt It»-
ar'clic onslaught \lrillt‘il crippled the eastern lyyo-thrrtis oi the nation
“indications point to a rrtrldcr than normal wtrrtcr oyt-r liltlSi oi thc ri.iti w
during the coming wtrrtcr." i)r. Ntititttrs \tllti.

T.V. Commentator Sevareid Retires

WASHINGTON (AP) By his otvrt ndrrtission. irr‘ic chttrcid, network
television‘s most durable comittcntrttor. already is a has~bccn. “ l his “in i In
charcid lll Washington. thank you anti gotidbyc." he said with that cm
soicnin itice Wednesday in signing oii his final regular essay on lilt.‘ ('liS
livcning News. Witlt that he ended a 39-year career with CBS. Sevarctd .
regarded by many as the rncdium's tnost eloquent and thoughtful cssttyisl,
turned ()5 last week and must rctirc under CBS policy.

DECEMBER 2. 1977

 

,w-a... (4'45’6.

 

 

 

 

Benecke Proposes Terms
For Paying Class of ’78

by Jill Haber

Former Class of ‘78 President
Marc Benecke has proposed terms
for paying 32.600 to the class of‘78.

Benecke proposed paying $600 on
Dec. 1 and $400 each ﬁrst of the
month through May | in a telegram
sent to current Class of'78 President
(iary Bennett.

Benecke had been accused oftak—
ing $3.000 from the class treasury
last year while he was president of
the class. He signed a promissory note
to repay it and made two 5200
payments anti tircn stopped.

Bcitcckc said he had tnadc his rc-
ccrtt otcrtiircs to the Class of ‘7ii
bcctiim-“l lcll i had art obligation to
pay it brick."

Bennett said ire would accept
iicncckc's proposal on the coridrtrorr
that Benecke iigrcc to a penalty
clause stipulating :l [inc oi SI i7 if he
missed it payment. lhc 5H7 \tas
arritcd .it by totalling the ac-
cumulated interest on Sltitltl sinct:
Bciiecke's last payment in spring of
W77.

.\s oi yesterday. Bcncckc said he
had not seen a copy of the penalty
clattsc rcqtrcsl and would trot corri-
incitt \\ hctiicror not he would accept
the condition

llcririelt said that lit: had a phone
Cr>Il\L‘l\tiilttii \\Illi Benecke and that
"Verbally. Marc casually agreed to
thc concept ol the penalty phrase. ilc
b.istc.riiy said (J K "

licrinclt had sent Bcncckc rt Icttct

 

on Nov. i5 stating that if no
proposal was made by Benecke by
Nov. 28. the promissory note which
Benecke had signed last yearand had
reneged on would be placed with an
attorney for possible civil court ac-
tion.

Bennett said he wrote the letter
because “i hadn‘t heard anything
from Marc in a long time and was
tired of calling and not getting
through.“

According to Benecke. "l was
planning to do what i was going to
do before the letter. i itad it worked
otrt in my mind. [don‘t feel threaten-
cd by anything (iary Bennett docs."

Bennett said be though Benecke
would pay‘ the mortcy because “'I he
note had a good chance til standing
up rn court. Also. I‘d like to think-
Conscience."

"I'm waiting lot a letter or a
cltcck" said Bcnnctt.

licncckc had been suspended irorn
Sl'\ YA last spring by Dean Ior Stir-
dcnt Allarts \’cii Brown because of
the charges against hrrn

iriotrgh evidence was lotrnd to
rssiic ;i tirirrunl ior iicncckc'srtricsl.
btrt .it his mid lli Albany ('onnty
( unit in (ch . hc “astound notgttrl»
ty ol the charge oi llrrrd lit-grcc
(irrintl Larceny.

Sriicc thcn Bcncckc itits been
working .it a .\c\t \orlt (rly tilS-
L'tllliUlelC arid .is .r ircc Irrrtcc motch
.ritd hc claims that the payments or”
not be .r lrnrrnctrrl strttrn

 

illl"tli’||l lililliii
ICS XPHTIIE IYX

525 WESTERN AVE
ALBANY NY [2201

SINCETRELY
".5.

 

48016402! 1) (i-OONOSASRSJPD 11/25/71 [210

0508] El ‘l’l IEIYORK IV 26 “'25 IO“. EDT
PHS (3le LEE BENNETT DELIVER

IT IS HEREBY PROPOSED '5600.00 Oil DEC IS! [971
AND $400.00 Oil THE FIRST OF EVERY REHAINING MIT“
THEREAFIER THRU HAY lS'l' l978

Telegram

       

 

 

Former Clan of '78 President Marc Benecke sent a telegram to current Class ol '78 President
Gary Bennett stating his proposal to pay back atotal ol$2600 which he was acculedoltaltlng.

Alumni Quad Hit By Burglars

by Mike l‘cttrlrnrtn

()ycr Si I00 \vorlh til
property was stolen from rooms on
the ltrst lloor Alden Hall in two
\L‘pL‘l‘tllC hill‘gltlt'lcs otcr thc
ilranitsgrt irrg \actition. lhc
burglaries took place List l‘l‘ltiil) and
Saturday ctcnrrtgs. when nobody
\\;l\ prcscnl trt tltc dorms.

r\idcn Dormitory Director Jack
Strttconc said the thieves broke Ill
Saturday ntght titrottgh .i first Iloor
bathroom \ttndott.

"i buy biokc one pane and teach-
cd in to opcn lhc \trndoty." Srint'orte

sttrdcnt

silltl
Srrncorrc wasn‘t sure litl\\ l~rrdriy's

Solar Energy Research Begins

by Donna Levy ‘ I V

Instruments arc rtott being set tip
at the Slr.\YA Atmospheric
Sciences Research tt'ritci
laboratory which will hc used to
measure the amount oi solar iridiu-
tiott that can be captured and ptit to
use there. according to Bruce lliirIt-y.
Assistant Director oi \SRt

A Si.25«mtllton grant hits been
awarded to S1 STA “inch “1” be
used to finance the ll\C-_\L':II’ solar
energy project. said Barley. lhc
l-cdcral Energy Research and
Development Administration has
contributed to the bttik of the grant
\Hlli an additional donation irorn
lhc N Y. State Research and
i)cvcioprricnt Atttliority. he said.

The main purpose oi the program
is to predict how much solar energy
cart bc captured .ritd ttscd rrt lhc
itititrc. lhc program “I” irryoltc
.iichitccts. t-ngrrtccis. illiti
rrictcortiligtsts who “Ill be llillliL‘ti in
thc ntciltods icgttrdrng the collection

 

The HEc will soon investigate the Country Squire Motel in response

Jillflli llr

ytJ‘lyl nacot \tllttl' cjicygy ultcndcstgn-
ttrg buildings. \tlltl Ilinlcy. A
graduate program will also be cs-
t.tbltshcd .it Sli\\ ‘\ t‘cgardntgthcsc
tccltittqucs.

\t'CtIltllllg to liaiicy‘. the project at
SI \\ '\ \\Ill be quite bcnclicttil to
the solar ciicrgy program bccausc"tt
\\|ll tirittt attention to fill: :rspcct of
this \l tidy and “1” promote anti cri—
ctitir age t he ayyai'cncss ol sttiill radia-
tron. ihc mcrc prcscltccol this iacIiI-
ty \trll riicrctrscawareness on the part
ol the students and Albany corti-
intrnrty

lhc technology docs exist to im-
plement the solar energy tlilli\ in
lltlillC\. btrt tiic rnaitr burner is
economics. card iinrlcy.

Although the units \yill pay
thcrnscitcs oil irr ltttttrc ycrits lltcy
can be quite an cypcnsrvc project
costing tip to 5.10.000. ticpcndrrrg on
the location oi iliL’ house. hccxpinrn-

ed.
ilttticy .‘llSII Stilti itct'\pccts opposi-

UNIVlelii lilttilo ‘oi ltviCl

to student residents' complaints concerning negligent management.

DECEMBER 2, 1977

 

tion irony the major oil t‘olttpaltics.
"lhcrc .trc against err-
cottrrigcrncnt oi the implementation
ol solarcircrgy programs. lltcnrotcs
zirc riot tip Iront. btrt they do L‘.\isl
because solar energy will htrrt their
industry." he \tilti. "Brit oil coru~
panics are smart and will try and get
IIiL'li‘ itngcrs lll tilt: solar energy

pl‘t'ssttl‘cs

program." he added.

burglars entered the building but
speculated that it was through a first
lloor |otin_ .vrndow that had been
broken before the vacation and been
rcplaccti.

"it was hard to tell." he said.
" l hey may have gotten in tltrotigh
that same bathroom window. lhc
\trtidotts arc so old that ii \‘tlli roiled
onc enough. you could open it."

Struconc said the stolen goods in-
citrdcd two brand rictv bicycles
belonging to hint and his Wife.
costing $210. lhcsc were stolen irorn
the quad olitcc. ()thci \trittablcs tn-
cltttlcti \lCl‘L‘ii cqtirpment.
calculators. ii television set. a clock
radio. and jctyciry. taken from three
adjacent fourth on tile ||I‘sl floor.

.ltrri Sheridan. ti sophomore living
in one oi the birrgliirt/cd rooms. said
iic and other victims were all
telephoned at their homes on Stirr-
tlay. \o\ 37 by the linitcrsily
Polrcc. "l was thinking til it loss
much greater than \\lttli l lotrnd, My
riiontatc took my stereo home with
llllil for some rcrrson. My calculator
\\il\ gone and my tapes were gone.“
he \ttld.

“I ticktly. my things are insured.
btil sitltiL‘ ol the other guys aren‘t

covcrcd by insurance," he said.
Sheridan expressed the feelings of
many students when he said. "You
don‘t know who did it. something is
gortc. and you feel frustrated."

Simcone said. “i think the
problem involves two things. First.
all the windows don‘t ltavc screens
which made it rntrrc inviting (to
break in). bttt morc rtnportantiy we
need someone in the building. i thittk
we need it security officer to patrol
tltc building dttring \acations on
loot."

Acting Directorol the Downtown
Powcrplant. Ronald ('oonlcy said
part of the problem was the
negligence of the students
themselves.

“The night the kids left. a lot of
them were propping doors open with
beer cans and wedges. i'his loosens
the hinges arid makes access mttch
easier." said ('oonley.

(‘oonley said that hccouldn't rcai-
ly blame the students though.
because they don‘t rcaii/c what
happens when tircy do this. (‘oonlcy
also said that the students should
refrain from removing the screens
irorn the windows.

t’itllllllllr't/ ml [It/gr .\i \‘

Country Squire Faces Lawsuits

by Sit-ye Brackett

Sctcral t‘otttttry Sqttirc residents
are taking Miitci Manager id linsct‘
to court because of what they IL'llli
rnridcqtirrtc housing conditions. ac-
cording to SA | cgal chrcsctitalnc
Jack I cslcr

(hie case is already in the courts.
it‘le‘l‘ said. and should be lL‘st)l\i:tl
in it text ytccks.

lcstci satd Iii: couldn‘t dryulgc
dcttnlsol illL'L'iln‘Jx bctntrscthcy were
still iir litigation.

lhc New York Strilc Assembly
(‘ommtssionon Iiiglicr l titrcatiorris
cypcctcti to begin an iritt'strgatron
soon rrito the problems \til rounding
St \\ A students ill the motel.
| cstcr .ttiticti.

lhc pending rmcstrgrrltiin will
follow thosc tiltcridy begun by the
\cu iork Strilc llciiitlt licpartmcnt
and Attorney (icncral‘s olircc

icstcr \ttiti lhc trtycstigattonsrircri
result ot the conlrscrittriri oi student
hotpltitcs by the trtotci's manage-
rncrtt inadequate \iill scrtrcc to and
IrornSl \Y ‘\..rnd i’titltrrciopiotidc
adequate rritinttcnance \cryrcc

lhc latest problem. lcster said.
was the lack of ircat on live separate
occasions.

"Any ttrnc there is no heat." he
said. “the sttrdcnts‘ health is crt~
dartgcrcd.“

“l ct them Investigate."
spokcstttalt Steve Spring said. “ i buy
\yott'l lirtd a thirtg.“

rrrotci

Spring added that the motel has
documented proof that tile heat “as
not till ior iryc days.

"We hate had problems \\Illl the
heat." Spring said. “but it was only
oil Ior tllil.' day ((Jct.3|). lhc trtick
ruined the nc.\t day."

| cstcr stilti lhc confiscation of tire
liotplatcs "can be termed larccny."

According to Spring. rncmos \ycrc
sclil to students ten days prior tti the
tirirlrscation. stating that "iurthcr
iit‘litlll would take place" ii the
ltotpiritcs new not removed irorrr titc
rooms.

| cstcr also said tltc molcl liitlililyt”
rncrrt may illi\L‘1IL‘lL’(i improperly to
charging students 35 cents a ride for
t.tn \CIHCL‘.

“llc il nscri riccdcd ti ilct'ltst.‘ to
charge a ice.“ i ester said. "it isn‘t a
service ii hc charged a ice."

iiircc meetings \ycrc licld for thc
students. Spring sarti. dcziitng wtlh
lhc \.tn scrticc. Students were told
they had the option oi dcctdrng on a
basic monthly charge, or 25ccntslot
L‘thli rrtic. Spring said tltat. despite
"an extremely poor turnout.“ tltc
students present dccrdcd on the 25-
ccttt—lcc.

When asked it ho is responsible ior
the diiiictritics at the motel. Lester
replied. “Both SUNYA and the
motel arc ttt ltllill. btrt it‘s the
students who have to suffer."

He added that the Residence ()f-
tree has been cooperative irt rtiiowing

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

students from the motel to move
back on campus.

"Director oi Residcrrcclohn Wei-
Iy has been under pressure irorn
students and the motel. He has
handled it diplomatically. making a
good-laith effort." i cstcr said

According to Dean of Studcnt Af-
l.itrs Neil Brown. student
applications have rncrcitscd steadily
tryct lilt.‘ past [our years. causing
housing space to he placed in high
demand.

"Because the dormitories were
itllcd. we were iorccd to house
ytudcnts at the Wellington Hotel
three years ago." Brown said. “and it
itiIS worked well."

llc added that SUSYA saw the
problem rinsing again before the fail
scllicsiul'. lorcrrig Wcity to try motels
in the Albany area. lite Country
Squire Motci gave SUNYA the best
olicr, he said. bttl “apparently it
hasn‘t worked well."

"When it works well. it works
well." Brown said. "But when it
doesn‘t work. we‘re all goats. i feel
badly about the sttuation."

This is not a typical landlord-
tcuarrt problem. Lester said. because
students have to perform academic
duties utrdcr these conditions.
which makes putting tip with
problems difficult.

Unsc. hits threatened to sue
SUNYA. Lester added. trying to in-

t'tI’lIfIlllt't/ on [mgr' .rr'.\~

PAGE THREE

 

 

 

 

 

