sugar-ata‘wwhummgh w, A.

 

 

' ,lroi‘teicncaiiimranr sakvrcsvl
~ 233‘ western Ave..j-Reai"
 .aci-oSs from iW.;T.’s-
” 449-1203 ‘
. 10% off on all service parts

 

 

 

l with this ad and any college LD.

‘ For Easy
Listening
On The Job 0r
Weekend Trips

$19.95.

Installed
Free

a
For Your Present
AM Car Radio

F'M'CONVERTER

 

JO-DI’S SOUND CENTER

One Highland Ave., Colonic 489-4408

 

ABSOLUTELY, FRTEE
(withthis can it)
LABOR on any c3 or STEREO
Purchased from .lo-Di’s
Now Thru 9/ [7/77 '

 

sﬁtE XCliIng Theatres Under One Roof
 A new DIMENSION m CINEMA LUXURY

THE PEOPLE LO THE KING' /l

it \‘1li'tif

' KING OF *
HEARTS '

lllll‘ lit-.il illlllly’ ind ‘tttl ll iill' .IIIIi' illllt'

lONG llVE le KING'

lONG [NE T OPlf'

A grand and glorious film"
in...

7:00. 9:25

lribw- 

6:30. 8:25. 10:|5

TIIHE'ZI Liz'de “LXI

Nllel‘ﬂ‘r MA. Jimt

CiﬁEt-2-3-4-5-6

1'5”

 

 

ALBANY. N.tr. (AP) The suite
*Pollce' went to extraordinary and

sometimes questionable or‘ illegal
lengths to spy on people whose only
"crime" was holding unorthodox
political opinions. according to a
report by the state Assembly.

The methods reportedly used to
build dossiers on hundreds of
thousands of persons included
obtaining telephone. bank and
automobile records to political
dissenters, keeping tabs on their
mail. impersonating newsmen to
gather information. using informers
to infiltrate radical groups and
investigating the personal lives ofthc
subjects.

The 65-page report. made public
Wednesday. was the result of an
investigation launched almost two
years ago after the initial revelations
that the troopers kept a file of about
one million index cards keyed to the
dossiers.

The report is concerned mostly
with the period from I962 to I975.
when Nelson Rockefeller was
governor. However. the report says
similar practices date almost to the
formation of the State Police in
l9i7.

“The state police havcindicated to
us that they were present or tried to
be present at virtually every public
demonstration that took place
during the 605 and early 705.“ the
report said.

At these demonstrations. police
would collect literature. take
pictures. nots the names and license
numbers of those who attended and
try to engage informants who could
obtain more information by "covert"
and "devious" means.

Investigations wcrc initiated on
many persons for seemingly trivial
reasons. such as merely attending a
protest rally.

The sources of information
iiicltidcd officials at colleges beset by
anti-war demonstrations.
confidential right-wing publications.
records of telephone and insurance
companies and “a network of
contacts among charter bus
compatiics."

A spokesman for the State Police
said he had sccii only a draft copy of
the report. but said the departmcnt
had “cooperated fully" in the
investigation. tiddingtliat he did not
bclicvc any serious iinpropricties
had been uncovered and that the
State Police had hccti careful to
guard tltc privacy of the persons
involved.

Joumalism Group
Schedules Meeting

A meeting of niUdL'niS interested in
journalism is schcduled for
Wednesday. September 2| at 2 p.m.
in Campus (‘cntcr JIS.

Spring semester course offerings

I,

Carey to Try for Tax Cuts

ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) Gov. Hugh Carey promised Thursday to try for m...
cuts in next year's state budget. and he said Republicans should stop
criticizing him over the high level of state taxes because they are the on“
who raised the taxes in the ﬁrst place. He said that he hopesto propose morc
tax cuts in his budget next year. when he is expected to be running for rc.
election. but that he cannot giveany estimate now of bowmuch thcy will save
taxpayers. Carey also indicated that the is consrdertng ousting Motor
Vehicles Commissioner James Melton- He backed off his prevmus, “1]....”
support of Mario Cuomo for mayor of New York City.

House Working on Minimum Wage Increases
WASHINGTON (AP) The House. working on a bill to raise the minimum
wage to $2.65 an hour in January, voted Thursday to kill a plan to provide
automatic increases in the minimum wage after 1980. At the same time. till:
House agreed to limit scheduled increases to $2.85 in l979 and to $105 in
I980 instead of $2.89 and $3.l5 as favored by organized labor and the Carter
administration. The 233-193 vote was a sharp blowto organized labor. which
had expected to win the fight for a mechanism to provide future incrcttscs
automatically. Labor also was expected to be on the short end of a battle over
whether to set up a sub-minimum wage for teenagers under age Ill.

Jaworskl's Korean Trip Uncertain

WASHINGTON (AP) Leon Jaw0rski said Wednesday he has “no bags
packed“ and doesn‘t know if he would accept an invitation to go to South
Korea to try to get Tongsun Park‘s testimony on alleged influence buying III
Congress. “i don't know and i think that is a matter that would have to be
discussed with others." the special counsel for the House ethics coininittcc‘s
investigation told reporters. Jaworski said the committee would liatc to
consider any limitations set by South Korea on ’arlt before making .r
decision. South Korean Foreign Minister Park Tong-jin said Tucsdai llllll
.laworski might be invited over in connection with his investigation it lilt'
Unitcd States would withdraw its request for South Korea to ttirii Park ti\L'l
to Time US. criminal charges.

Lance Says “My Conscience is Clear"

WASHINGTON (AP) Budget Director Bert Lancctold the American public
“my conseieiice'is'icleaFA‘Th'ursday and he made a point-by-point defense of
his personal loans and overdrafts as a Georgia banker. Lancc. onc ol
President Carter‘s closest aides. said at Senate hearings into his lintincml
affairs that published allegations have caused him “profound shock and
disappointment." I did not ask for this fight but now that I am in ll. 1 .nn
lighting not only for myself and for my funiin but also for our system." iiL'
said.

Powell Apologizes to the Press

WASHINGTON (AP) White House Press Secretary Jody l'tmcll
apologi/ed Wednesday for spreading rumors about Scii. Charles Pcm. R-
|ll.. a leading critic of embattled budget chief Bert Lance. Aftcr pitl'\ttlli|ii\
telephoning Percy to apologize. Powell told reporters that his action “to
"inappropriate. regrettable and dumb." Powell said President ("uric-i lllIlL'L'ti
with the assessment. For the moment. Powell seemed to have become ill it'llsl
as much a focal point of controversy as Lance. with Democrats |titll||lg
Republicans in dcploringthe press secretary‘s actions. Sonic likened lilL'IIl to
the tactics of lhc Nixon administration

Mexican Independence Day Marred by Bombings
MEXICO ('I'l'Y (AP) More than a score of bombs exploded in lillL‘t
Mcxicaii cttics Wednesday and new kidnappings were reported in a tune of
violence on the eve of Mexico's independence day celebrations. 'l \\’clll)-llllt't‘
time bombs exploded in Mexico City. (iuadalajara and Oaxaca in the span of
three prcdawn hours and I7 others were found and defused by police and
soldiers. Many Were planted in government offices or American t)\\llL’ti
businesses. At least five persons were injured. includingtwo policcnicn .tiid .t
suspect. and officials reported extensive damage. Police soiiiccs Sillti llIc
bombs were made til acid and gunpowcr tittaclicd to a timing dcticc

Deficiencies Found In Bronx Psychlatrlc Center

forthc second ﬁeld injwmaiism will NI-JW YORKlAP) An internal investigation of seven cases in which [tilllL’llh
be discussed. in addition to died or were injured at the Bronx Psychiatric Center found serious

internships. job possibilities. and the
formation of a Journalism Club.
Those attending the meeting will
also elect a student representative to
meet with Dean Schumaker of the
College of Humanities and Fine Arts
on the possibility of forming a
student council for lhc college.

 

NEWS WRITERS!

Writers
workshop

 

 

deficiencies in ‘lic way the incidents were handled. The problems ntcltitlt-tl
ambulances which came too late and It failure to follow specral safeguarding
procedures for suicidal patients. The report was ordered by the \lillt‘
Department of Mental Hygiene. which administers the center. in rcspnnw lU
nine previous investigations ofthc Bronx facility. especially one by tlic starti-
Commission of Investigations. which had charged a“burcaucralic CtWL‘I tip "

Committee Scrape Carter Energy Plan

WASHINGTON (AP) The Senate lincrgy Committee threw out i’lL'NItil-‘l'l
Carter’s proposal for restructuring electric utility ralcs Wctlncstitit.
delivering another blow to the administration's energy program. Although
no formal vote was taken. the committee agreed without dissent to scrap the
Carter plan and substitute for it a much mrc limited program llndcr wliiclithc
fedch government could only recommend fuel-saving steps to tlllllllt‘s the
Carter plan would have forced utilities tochttngcthcir rate structures. cndnir'
discounts for large industrial users utid offering lower rates for clecntcnt
used by consumers during off-peak hours.

 

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

SEPTEMBER 16. 1977

 

 

 

 

 

by Leslie Snyder.”

"SUNYA students are paying Sl‘l
more for health care this year,
although the service'iii unchanged.

The increase, mandated by the
State Legislature last springto offset
a $2.3 million cutback in the SUNY
budget, will not be covered by the
Tuition Assistance Program(TAP).

“it‘s basically a tuition increase."
said SA Vice President Kathy
Baron.

According to Director of the
SUNYA Health Service(SHS) Janet
Hood. “It has nothing to do with
Health Service. Nothing." The
money is placed into\ the SUNY
general fund along with tuition and
the university fee. said Hood.

The fee. according to Hood. has
resulted in increased health care
expectations by students.

at,

' “We are muchb'lirier. But as it is

now, werare nickel‘and diming the
kids. which is a’bad‘ivay to' run
things  . The Student Health
Fee is ‘a misnomer of serious
proportions." :

In the past two years. SHS has
suffered because of the budget
cutbacks. losing the equivalent of
two full time MD positions and
several nurses. said Hood.

SUNY Vice Chancellor for
Educational Service James Smoot
had opposed the imposition of a
health fee.

“Our main concern was that this
additional fee is not covered by
available ﬁnancial aid and would.
thereby. be a heavy burden for the
poorer student.”

The fee is not covered this year by
TAP or the State University

UPS/MAN RElClt

Some University Police are upset over a proposed schedule change
that would have them working on rotating shifts.

SUNYA Budget Proposal
Reﬂects Three- Year Plan

by Jonathan Hodges

This year's SUNYA budget
request differs fundamentally in
dircctioii from its predecessor.
reflecting the start of a three-year
academic development plan outlined
in the Mission Statement.

This change in direction between
last year‘s request and the one issued
last month. is an indication on the
part of the administration that it
plans to strengthen existing
programs rather than institute new
ones.

The development phiti evolved
after former SUNYA President
limmctt Ii. Fields published the
Mission Statement. a document
outlitiiiigthc cttnipus‘ longiind short
tcrni goals and priorities. mid began
implementation. ideally. the plan
siltilllti he SUNYA‘s "blueprint for
continuing tic\‘CiUplltClll and its
piniritics for action during the
coming thrcc year's."

llic budget request. ticcoiiipaiiictl
b) ilic Mission Stalciiicnt. has
tiil cad) been accepted by
SUNY ('ciitral and must tiow go
bcforc the state's l)ivsioii of the
liuclgct for evaluation. While most
til the $7.5 million rcqticstcd will
iiiitlotibttibly be approved. $52l.000
scheduled for university growth and
$715,000 slated for strengthening
SUNY programs will surely come
under closc scrutiny.

“ Most of the increases request are
for items that the University has no
direct control over. like inflation and
salary increases.“ said SUNYA
lliitlgct Director Harold Brink.
"Realistically tlioiiglt. little of what

is requested under growth and even
less of the monies for strcngtliciiing
programs will be approved."

The largest amount requested for
itiiproving existing programs is for
the reinstating of IS faculty
positions. closely followed by
monies for equipment replacement.
This contrasts sharply to last year's
rcqucst. when over $200,000 was
included to fund the proposed
Center for Governmental Research
and Services. the Laboratory for
[Environmental and Space Studies
arid the now—defunct State
Management institute.

Grant Increase

()ttc aspect ofthis year's request is
the highlighting of SUNYA‘s ability
to draw outside ftindiiig. primarily
throuin research grants. According
to the request. SUNYA has had a 55
per cent increase in the amount of
grant lttiidiiig with the campus
receiving over $9 iiiillioti iii awards
last ycttr.

Asked why research grants \VL‘l'C
singled titit throughout the budget
request. Acting SUNYA I’rcsidciit
Vincent ()‘I.cary said. “()iic
highlights success iii obtaining the
amount of research funding we have
received is a remarkable
iiclieivcmcnt."

“it‘s the faculty members in
biology. or social Welfare or
atmospheric science. they're the ones
who did it. I know that when l was
over in Criminal Justice and would
read about an award or a grant
someone liild received. I‘d suy‘l.ook.
this says something about this

continued on page six

Supplemental Tuition Award
(SUSTA). Under ordinary
circumstances. these two grants for
lower income students would
completely cover tuition costs.
according to SUNYA Financial Aid
Director Donald Whitlock.

The Legislative Finance
Committee report stated that a
comparison of other state schools
led to the legislators‘ decision to
impose a health fee.

Smoot said that the committees
did not examine tuition costs.
“While many states havea bealthfee,
very few states have as high a tuition
as SUNY." '

A new SUNY task force on Health
Services is presently examining the
health fee. and minimum health
services that should be provided to
all students.

by Mike Pearlman

Twenty-two of the 24 University
Police patrol officers who would be
affected by a proposed change in
campus police work schedules have
submitted letters to the Director of
University Police and their utiion in
opposition to its institution.
according to an official of the
of'ficcrs‘ union.

Regional Union Vice President
Jim Slagan said the proposed
schedule change would-result in
rotating work shifts for members of
his tinion.

'l'lircc patrolmen said the
institution of these shifts would
eliminate tltc current system of
“bidding” for shifts by seniority.
disrupt their personal lives. atid
lower the morale ofthc department.

Director of University Police .liiii
Williams said that the shift changes
had been proposed. and that their
institution was tltc prerogativcofthc
department administration. He
dcclincd to elaborate further and
said talks with a labor-matitigcniciil
committee would be "the only place

‘ \‘r
.t t: .
arr/mite rims-coo

The money from the new cluch health too I: placed Into the SUNY
general land along with tuition and the university lee. according to
student Health Service Director Dr. Janet Hood.

Police Protest Schedule Shift

to settle the issue."

At a recent meeting of the piitrol
officers. tlicir union(Council 82) and
management personnel. the three
officers said a majorit y of the officers
prcsciit opposed the shift changes.

Vice President for University
Affairs Lewis Welcli said Williams
and the Public Safety Department
“are considering some options that
would increase the cfficicttcy of the
department.“ Rotating shifts would
ensure that “all personnel fully
qualified should be able to carry out
all jobs." he said.

The officers said tlicy were
unhappy with the way the proposed
sclicdulc change has been handled.
and that Williams should have
consulted the officers affected before
trying to itistittitc the change.

The officers also said that many of

the older officers in the department
are not interested in active crime
duty. atid titttt they feared the
rotation of shifts was an attcttipt it)
get older men on the forcctorctire.

Welcli said that “rotating shifts
are possible. and can be instituted by

Potter Club Conduct

by M. .I. Memmott

A special student-faculty
committee formed by Dean for
Student Affairs Ncil Brown is inthe
process of reviewing past improper
incidents involving Potter Club. and
is performing what one member of
the committee termed “a watchdog"
rolc over the club.

The committee. is an investigative
unit and will rcconimetid to Dean
lil't)\\’il wliatcvcr actions it feels
should be takcn in regards to Potters
('lub. according to ciiairiiiaii Peter
llciicdict.

ilicsc actions could go all the way
to cancelling the club‘s charter and
taking away the right to lch on
campus as it cltib. The Potters have
icsidctl oti (‘olonial Quad. since
905.

There has been no itinvc yet to
force the Potters off campus. but
l)ircclor of Residence .loliii Wclty
said that unless the cltib shows lllcy
can improve their ctiiidtict. they will
he forced to disliantl.

l'lic coiiitiiiltcc was formed by
Dean Brown on April l5 in response
to iitiiiicrotis complaints by both
students and stuff on Colonittl Quud
about the club as it whole.

Benedict said that qutid Judicial
action proved ineffective because of
the reluctance of witnesses to testify.
llc blunted this reluctance oti
"certain threats" miidc by Potter

Club members.

“They seem to attract a certain
typc“. said Benedict.

Potter club member said that
often the group as a whole is blamed
for things individuals do and that
often stories get exaggerated about
them.

the administration of the
Department of Public Safety. There
is no provision requiring agreement
at the patrolmcn‘s level. specifically
for the rotation of shifts."

Williams said the ptitrtilment
affected don't have to agree with the
new schedule in ordcr for it to be
implemented.

The patrolmcii stiid II change like
the proposed one can be brought
about only after consultation and
approval froin the union members
affected.

Article [5.3. paragraph l“ of the
agreement betwccti thc state of New
York and Council 82 states:

“Prior to the making of ii final
decision with respect to instituting ti
clittiigc iii shil'l system from fixed
Silil‘lS‘th Employer shall inform the
Union of such contemplated t Image
and provide the Union Will] an
adequate opportunity to review the
impact of such change with the
litiiployci' at tltc appropriatc level."

A meeting of the labor
tiiaiiagctitcnt committee is scheduled
for Oct. 3.

Reviewed

“Anyt hing we've doiic isn‘t worse
than any others.“ said last year
Potter Club President Andy
Sheppard. “Whatever we do is
blown out of proportion."

The committee. which met once
with Potter (‘lub officers last year.

continued on page seven
ti ‘ . 

UPS/MARK SASS

Numerous Colonial Quad complaints have launched an lnvutlgctlon
Into alleged Improper conduct by the Potter Club.

 

SEPTEMBER 16. 1977

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE THREE

 

