 
  
  

STUDENT _
nssrsrnNrs

 

 
 
  
 
 
 

 

  

 

Application deadline:
Wednesday, April 20

5:00 PM

  
 
  

 

 

 

Earn almost $35/ week by
supervising AMIA Intramural Activities

 

Applications available in CC-356

 
  

lauded by student association

 
 

 

 

  

Job Description: Manual labor consisting primarily of firewood cutting.
hauling and stacking; trail construction and maintenance; mason‘s and
carpenter‘s assistant. and many miscellaneous maintenance tasks.

How Many Positions: (3)

Job Location: Camp Dippikill. 70 miles north of campus in the southern
’ Adirondack Mountains.

Period of Employment: to weeks - May 3] through August 5. I977.
Salary: $l |0./wk
Who May Apply: Albany State students having paid student tax.

Special Qualifications: The applicant must be in top physical condition,
show experience in working in a forest «environment distant from towns and
cities and have some knowledge and experience relevant tojob description.

Misc. Information: Camp Dippikill is located 70 miles north of Albany on
Route 28 near the hamlet of‘The Glen. Lodging for the duration will be
provided at one of the camp buildings. A car is strongly recommended as
the nearest town for supplies such as food. gasoline. laundry.etc.. is 8 miles
away. Board is not provided but complete cooking facilities are available.

When and Where to Apply: Applications may be picked up in the SA office

lCC 336i and must be returned to that office no later than Tuesday. April

26. I977.
Interviews: Required for top applicants.
Acceptance Notice:(iivcn on or before Wednesday. May 4. I977. A

complete list oi alternates and those not qualified will be posted in the SA
office on May 4.

 
 

 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
    
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

MMEDWI

 

 

of!!! will you!  t t ‘
Imam. . ‘250 yam/public

TUESMV, APR/l 26

 

PM! [MU

SOLD OUT

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

A mnmmwmz w»

 

  

  

SURVIVAL:

A Conference for Women
on Career Choices and Skills

Saturday. April 2.1: A day Ior all women locxplore and acquire skills aan insights llIIit their
induiduiil and collceine worlds of work.

lliere \\ill be three. concurrent all day “ink-sessions (10:00 aiti - 1.00 pm) Ior those who \\ls’lt
to concentrate on many variables. liliei'e \iill be two sets at concurrent single skill or topic
sessions Ior those who wish to narrow their concentration.

fftt’l‘t' I.\' 5.25 registration [erg/in SUN YA .Tftltl(‘II/.\' with
tax t‘tll‘t/A‘ am] (I $l.()()'/i't'fiil‘ rill ulhcrs.

Registration: Office of Student Activities 457-72“)
or April 23. this am. IIII l37

 

()pcnlng Session: 9'10 am. IIIi‘ l.l7. Occupational Outlooks. Ilr Sandra llarrll. Sll\\’ \
l-orrridations ol l.tluc;rtiori Department.

 

.-\nrionnr:t-iricrit of \‘iorkshop locations

 

All Day “ark Shops (IlI10ll irtii — 3:00 pm)

Irack ()tir- -- Resume suiting. iriieiiiemng. itlciititiing personal skills. techniques oI job
search (resources. eotci litters and their design, inlor IIliIllUII sources) lhis \iiir'ksltop lticrtscs
tin |IItlt)Hlll.|l\ \\ itli Iiltlc t'KltvllL'IlL'L' ltl ioli search .ictittties and or resume preparation
l’artrcrpants are asked to prepare a list of paid and volunteer work experiences. and a
summary ot interests '

'lruck 'lmi -— Same content and time span its track t)ne.except tlittt locus is on individuals
\\IllI some experience in rob \t'iitth and or resume preparation. Participants are asked to
bring a copy ol their most recent resume

I.ifcvtrirk I'Irrrirrlrig — learning to locus on your skills. values. and needsiis they thich \tIIII
\iliole lilestylc. .is “ch as your \iorkstyle. l’liis workshop will help you recognize past
experiences as stgltilicaltl to tlct'elriplticlit. hL'Cllrll' aortic of your options. and iealtlc \ool
potential in order to set realistic but ch till”: i ioals

Topic 8‘ Skills Sessions: Ittztlll uni - “:00 um — “Midlife ('nrecr ('Irirnge" l'tiTtIIlll Iliiel
introductory remarks. lolloweil b) directeddiscussiongearedtoisard parlicipiinis‘coirttin»

"Resume lnrprotcrneiit" l‘ttllllttl. Ior those who have already prepared a resume and want to
Iniproie on it.

‘lopic 5r Skills Sessions: lIil5 irrn - I2:I5 pin — “Forum and Family: Do They Mix?"

l'oinial: Presentations by persons whose opinions on this question varv tipportunity tor
discussion

“Ititervlewlng Skills" formal. Opportunity to practice elements of interviewuig.

  
   

:1_.,-...._...'.I._....._.'v . _ . . . . . . . : .

  

 

 

 
 

 

  
 
  

 

funded by student association

-»--»....p-s-.~t‘

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 , Orchestra Adequate

 

" : The Albany Symphony Orchestra
'Saturday. April 16. I977

Palace Theatre. Albany. NY.

'. 1: Program:

Lubos Fixer:

Fifteen pages after Durer‘s Apocalypse
Haydn:

Symphony No. lit) in 1) minor

Mahler:

Symphony No. I in D major
By DAVID GOLDHIRSCH

The Albany Symphony Orchestra‘s
concert on Saturday was a completely
enjoyable experience for me.
V Lubos Fiser. accordingto the program
notes. is one of the “younger Czech
composers." being only 52 years old. His
:pages“ came in third in the I965
International Contest in Musical
Composition. The work is based on
fifteen woodcttts by the fifteenth century
German artist. I)urer. Willi Kurth
describes DIII‘L‘I‘ as “the first to become
permeated with the overwhelming inner
meaning and the superhuman power of
expression of the poet-evangelist. and the
first to epitomize the drama of the World‘s
destiny in revelation of a personal
spiritual crccd. thereby giving this book
(the woodcuts) the first place in (ierman
illustrative art.“ Although I have never
_ cert pictures ol Durer's work. I take it
they are somewhat dark and intensely
dramatic.

Fiser‘s’ piece is qtrite distinct Iroin
heavy “(icrrntiiiicisrii.“ I assume it is

‘ divided into I'ilteen one-page movements.

although I have not yet found the score.
The piece starts with an osiciiaru wood-

‘ block beat (with which it ends) gradually
t introducing and varying two series of
. two-wholc-stcp figures. The figures are a

tri-tone apart. and are almost always

V ~ sounded in contrary motion.

There is not a lot of development in the
piece: the cflccts are subtle. but the figures
never really change. There were sortie nicc
solo passages. particularly a low one for
the flute (played very well by Irvin
Uilman).

The piece calls for some improvisation.
but of the most controlled and “safe” kind
(such as a spot where all the strings are to

play whatever they‘d like. pizzir'ato and
piano. creating more of ti rhythmic
pulsation than a series of notes). Still. it
was interesting and aesthetically pleasing.

Listening to Haydn. the next piece on
the program. was very instructive. His
work abounds in Mttltlrlltltt ligures. yet
he is quite distinct from Mozart. Indeed.
it is important to remember that it is
Haydn's music which shows up in
Mozart‘s. rather than the other way
around.

Ilaydn‘s 80th Symphony has one
attribute abch and beyond all others: it is
funny. It is not the subtle Mozartian wit
ol adding a thirteenth measure to an
initial theme. It is the rambunctious
humor of continually stopping the
orchestra for two measure “Grand
l’auses“.

The second movement is very pretty
and belongs somewhere in a Mozart
opera. The “new” miiiuct is another C-
ntirior Symphony minuct. but not quite as
interesting. The Finale was synchopatcd
to an extent which would have fright-
ened Gershwin.

()n the whole. this performance lacked
“bite”. The solos. such as they were. were
clear enough. but the tuttis tended to
$‘swell“ the notes. rather than attacking
crisply. The second movement was the
prettiest of all.

Any "smaller" symphony orchestra
which tackles Mahler deserves credit. if
oiin for their courage. The musical world
seems to he polarized into those who
adore and those who despise Mahler.
Russell F. Locke. in the program notes.
claims that Mahler‘s symphonies “bring
to lllll li‘uition the stylistic trends readily
apparent in Beethoven's
symphonies. . .  I am not sure I agree
with this. for there is much in Mahler
which a man like Beethoven would
disown. llic problem with Mttliler.as it is
With Richard Strauss. is that his great
beginnings lead to incredibly cheap
developments. My greatest
disillusionment in music came when I
heard the complete “Ltirtitlitistrti” of
Strauss. oiin to find that. once the great
lirs'l (14 bars are over. the piece consistsot
high-classed noise. l'he situation is

 

 

\
-—

parallel but not identical to Mahler's First
Symphony.

The first movement is stranger similar
to that of Beethoven‘s Ninth. Even the
opening chords are the same. Mahler is
weirder. however. and has the first violins
playing a high I) harmonic. which sounds
like a ghost scratching his fingernails on a
pane of glass. It is very effective.

Mahler is a great orchestrator. He
writes brilliantly for the brass. and it sure
takes guts to be a horn player in his work.
It‘s tough enough. and the horns are
always in thankless roles. But Mahler has
those horns blasting fanfares all over the
place. and tit a very fast tempo. All things
considered. I thought the horns. as well as
the rest ol the brass section (particularly
.lamcs Morris. the first trumpeter) did
very well.

lhc work is filled with great climaxes
ol intensely trivial music. There is simply
no need to add a triangle trill onto a
iorlrs‘sinur tutti; it is merely redundant.
Still. they are indeed great climaxes. and
any triteness is lost in the general majesty.

There were a couple of spots in which
long. unison riotcs heralded in section and
phrase changes. These notes were
particularly bland. which I did not care
Ior: l was expecting some more dynamic
variation. 1 he solo work. however. was
really excellent. ttnd. on the whole. the
movement was very effective.
Unfortunately. the trio was right out of
l-'I'rlrl/r-r UII Ilia Rural. and l was reminded
ol a Bar Mil/vah.

[be last movement opens. literally.
with a bang. Willi the exception of

"‘ “Alli-Ell

 
  

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

  

 
 
   

 

another cheap second theme. it proceeds
well. burlding up to a tremendous finale.
with bass drums and tympani swellingtoa
roar reminiscent of Berlior‘ Requiem. It
was handled very well. and I think the
brass section should be congratulated.
they made mistakes. but for the most
part they played heroically. It was nice to
have the horns stand tip for the last. home
stretch. but I couldn‘t Iipr thinking that
the entire orchestra should have followed
suit. Following the last. deafening chord.
there was a well—deserved standing
ovation.

One ol the musicians remarked to me
that. unlike most other symphonic music.
the Mahler symphony practically "plays
itscll“. 'I’Iic horns stand tip at the end
because the score instructs them to do so.
with bells pointing upwards. I have seen
the score. and I know that it is very
carefully mapped out. dynamically. What
banality there is. is very effective: it moves
smoothly and cllicicntly. without actually
“sounding.‘ cheap. I think the second
themes from every movement could
painlesslyextractcd and made into a tape-
Ioop Ior supermarkets and dentists‘
otliccs. leaving the rest of the work as
stark. mystical. and wonderlulas before.

One other thing ought to be mentioned
about the concert: too often. such things
are ignored. From the moment I reserved
my ticket to the moment I left the theatre.
i was struck with the politeness and
courtesy ol everyone in charge. It was
very nice to feel that they were not
grudgineg doing you a favor by letting
you hear the concert.

 

 

 

AMIA
Golf Tournament

Single Competition and
Team Competition (2 per team)

INTEREST MEETING
April 21 at 3:30

in the Intramural Office
00356

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

50° per entry
mondoy, Hprll.25

 

CALL
MIDDLE EARTH

9 tIItt-l3 piti on weekdays

24 hours a day on weekends

 

 

 

funded by student aSsocration

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

2:00 pm to 7:00 pm 451-5300
ltriitletl by student association     
APRIL 19, 1977 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE N NETEEN
 --  . .::.:.v.~-.-: -~ :” -.t;‘::;n.-.-i'.‘ titsusns‘hzts‘itcs; you; E‘t v: m 31

 
   

 

 

i image

