   

 

 

 

   

v Out of “this World ‘

The Adventures of Jules de Grandin; The Casebook

of Jules de Grandin; The Skeleton Closet of Jules de
Grandm, Seabury Quinn, Popular Library, $1.25 each.

Publishem and editors have been dipping into the old pulp magazines for forgotten greats quite a lot recently.
and they've been ﬁnding them, too. One of the most popular writers in the Weird Tales stable was Seabury
Quinn, and these three short story collections represent an effort to save his delightful occult detective. Dr. Jules
de Grandin, from the oblivion of crumbling old paper. de Grandin is worth saving. too; while his adventures may
not keep you balanced on the edge of your chair. they will keep you glancing uneasin behind you with that
delicious thrill of fear inspired by the good horror story.

Where" Late the Sweet Birds Sang, Kate Wilhem, Pocket
Books, $1.75 a

Science ﬁction is a ﬁeld of recurring themes. Sometimes these themes verge on being cliches; right now. some
of the big cliches are post’holocaust stories, clone stories, and ecological disaster stories. so when I saw that
Kate Wilhelm‘s Where Late the Sweet Birds Sang combined these three I expected it to be awful. Well, 1 was
wrong. It is one of the best novels of survival—survival of man, the species, and survival of men and women, as
individuals—that l have read; certainly the best exploration of the probable clone mentality that I’ve seen; and a
fairly plausible projection of the ecological disaster which seems to be coming our way.

The Fantastic Imagination, Robert Boyer and Kenneth
Zahorski, Avon, $2.25

I like fantasy anthologies. 1 especially like fantasy anthologies which draw attention to little-known classics
like James Branch Cabell’s “The Music From Behind the Moon." and Lord Dunsany's “The Sword of
Welleran," and modem gems like Lloyd Alexander's “The Foundling," and Peter Beagle's haunting "Come
Lady Death." The Fantastic Imagination has stories of “high fantasy" from ﬁfteen authors spanning |50 years.
Though i would quarrel with the excerpts used to represent CS. Lewis and J .R.R Tolkien. for the most part the
editors' standards are very high.

0
Doorways In the Sand, Roger Zelazny, Avon, $1 .50
Roger Zelazny has quite a talent for creating unconventional heroes. and Fred Cassidy. permanent under-
graduate and acmphiliac (translation: he really likes high places. A lot.), is one of the best. He is also one of the
funniest. Doorways in the Sand, as you might expect from a book where aliens come shaped like Wombats and
kangaroos. is fairly light entertainment, just the thing to drive away an evening of the dulls.

Black Easter, James Blrsh, Equrnox/Avon, $2.25

Black Easter is number twenty-seven in the Equinox Rediscovery series. if you missed it in '68. don't miss it
now. It deals with powerful magic. black and white. without being at all silly or pretentious. All hell. quite
literally, ist'Jct loose on the earth for one. night, and Armageddon has a somewhat unexpected outcome . . .

  
 
  
  
 

'Books' is published monthly by Insert Media and Is specifically written for the
college audience. The contents of 'Books' reflects what Is currently happening
In the college market. Michael Morgan, Insert Media. Inc., PO. Box 5136,
Westport. Conn. 06880. (203) 226-3326

   

\

Outsmartin‘g
the Jones

Growing (Up) at Thirty

Seven
$1 .95

Jerry Rubin

Warners

A light, hip. fun look from Jerry Rubin's perspective
of the years since the political activism that began in
the sixties faded. Jerry Rubin exhales in amusing
anecdotal speech his personally enlightening experi-
ences as he travelled through the world of self-help
therapy with the same intensity that he applied to his
political career. He runs through the gammet of per-
sonal experiences with est, gestalt therapy, rolﬁng,
bioenergetics. message, health foods, tai chi. Esalen.
hypnotism. jogging. modem dance. Silva Mind Con-
trol, Arica, acupuncture. sex therapy. Reichian
Therapy. and More House—a smorgasboard course in
New Consciousness—Insert Media

Spandau, the Secret

Diaries
$2.50

Albert Speer
Pocket Book

As Hitler's Minister of Arms. Albert Spec} was
responsible for developing Germany as an “arsenal
for Fascisml“ He was also one of Hitler's intimate
associates, advising him on policy, and hence was one
of the Third Reich's infamous war criminals. For this
he stood trial at Nuremburg and was sentenced to
twenty years of imprisonment. During the time in
prison he kept secret diaries, diaries that were eventu-
ally published in book form.

Rather titan writing a historical account that maybe
cross documented to ascertain the accuracy of Speer‘s
allegations, Speer has written a personal account of his
experiences. Unfortunately the author rationalizes
away far too much that is not immediately comprehen-
sible and at the same time provides an often times too
subtle examination of his own admitted criminality.
The book's highlights are reflected in Speer's ponraits
of his ex-Nazi prison mates and his character study of
Hitler.

Making Ends Meet

Basses” $1.95

The ﬁrst twenty pages of this book have the poten-
tial for the makings of a great novel but Barbara
Howar. true to her style, produced a typically trashy
novel. For those of you who are trashoholics. Making
Ends Mac! is ﬁrst rate. You will love it.

Lily. the plastic heroine. becomes a Southern Belle
only after her departure from the South. She comes to
New York City. to the world of glitter and fashion.
with the hopes of ﬁnding her ‘ ‘man" and ofcourse her
happiness. After succeeding in her ﬁrst endeavor. Lily
learns that the formulas of the past do not necessarily
add up to future love and roses. Her marriage fails, and
she is unable to find that non-descript clement——
happiness. Lin questions herself, her tolnl existence
and perhaps this is the only real part of the entire book.
ll is not however so real that it is intense enough to be
heavy.

it you have three idle hours to pass. pick up this
hook. and l guarrturlec it will leave you without a cure
as to what happens to Lily, or the three idle hours you
just spent reading Making Ends Meet—Ellen Josen

continued on next page

 

. MW“..._.....~...... .. . .

 

THE JONES con’t.

Lenin in Zurich
Alexander Solzhenitsyn

Bantam Books  . 

Another fascinating work by the dissident Soviet au-
thor is now out in paperback. Lenin in Zurich is the
subtle and candid portrait of the great Russian
philosopher-statesman. Solzhenitsyn recreates the
years spent in exile as a compelling psychological
study of the man and well documented history of the
times before and during World War 1. Critics have
hailed it as a signiﬁcant literary achievement and it is
also signiﬁcantly shorter than the author's previous
works; squeeze it in between required reading!

In the Heart of the Heart
of the Country, and other

Stories
$1 .75

William H. Gass
William Cass is. to my nrind. thc greatest writer of

Pocket Books

short ﬁction in English today. it judgment which rests
cntircly upon the live stories in this hook. Gnss' Incl-
lilluous, poetic prose style. his brilliant innovations
and assured technical mastery rccull Nabokov. save
that Guss is a thoroughly Arncricrrn writcr. whose
roots in the Midwest inform every line of his writing.
Readers who have felt llurl distinguished American
short ﬁction was restricted to the manncrcd New
Yorkerisms of Updike and Burthclmc. will he amuzcd
and delighted at the reappearance of this hcrrutit'ul.
brilliant book—CF

 

 

The dazzling bestseller that

“Feorofﬂ i :

Everybody loves Lisa
Alther’s funny, bawdy
novel about a young
woman's adventures
and misadventures
growing up during
the sexy Sixties and
Seventies—“A wild ride,
wonderfully exhilarat-
ing" (Cosmopolitan)
“Won erful”

(Mademoiselle)...
“Amazing” (N.Y.Times)
...“Unfailing|y honest"
(New Yorker)..
“Raunchy” (Ms.)... and

  

"out

at #5

    

 
 

“Exuberant” (Time). -» \.\I

we marvelous enter-
tainment for everyone!

Mam-s

,.
.\l.\\llltl‘llt It

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

-\ \\ll til) i litillt.
\1 lil IMNII) l‘t .'\.\)
)I-\Itiiti lI'IllM-V.
\ ilt;\t)tttll.\.r\m NH ii'

[INA Ailiin

 

it's Oedipus in Disneyland . . .
it‘s Woody Allen in “Last Tango" . . .
it‘s

LITTLE AMERICA!

RAYMOND CHANDLER
SPEAKING

edited by Dorothy Gardiner
and Katherine Sorley Walker

 

by Rob Swigart

The graphically lunny. cheerfully lewd.
hilarioust on—target novel of a clean—cut
American boy who wants only three
things from life: 1) to pump gas in Little
America. Wyoming 2) to marry a gal just
like the gal who married dear old dad
and 3) to kill dear old dad.

A fourth of July combustion of lustful
mlsalliances and loud laughter.

 

 

 

£3.95 pear; §7.95 cloth

A collection of mystery writer Chan-
dler's letters giving a private view of
the writer's world. Also included are
his notes on famous murder cases
and the opening chapters of an
eighth. unfinished novel.

$5.95

 

 

A WALK THROUGH
EUROPE

by John Hillaby

  

In paperback at last. A WALK
THROUGH EUROPE describes
John Hillaby's 67-day walk from the
North Sea to the Mediterranean.
some 1300 miles.

"There is a freshness to (Hill-
aby‘s) writing. an open enjoyment
of the outdoors that is contagious.
and he himself is a line story-teller
. . ."-—Publlshers Weekly

15.91

DOGS

by Henry Morgan
and George Booth

An absolutely irresistible com-
pendium of dog lore-designed
for human beings of all shapes.
sizes and breeds—by Henry
Morgan and New Yorker car-
toonist. George Booth.

$1.95

 

 

 Houg

 

hton Mifflin Company

2 Plfk 5L, BOITOH. "III.

 

 

 

.'

am

 

