    

 
 

...4-..,<

 

 

+ 3  

 ..   s u :1th cafeteria
’ . 4 Come on down!

Cblonial - State eludian- Dutch - Alden- Waterbury

 S: __ Tuna Sub

i.l0 Ham Sub
Wed., Thurs. & Fri.

 

Vegeatarian'Sub ~ . ~ .85
BolOgna Sub

 

 

 

-C°°"ed Sa'am‘ 5"” '20 9:00 PM - i2:00 Midnight Turkey Sub

american Cheese Sub .99 ’ sunday . _

 is:00 PM - l2:00 Midnight I R03“ 5"“ Sub
hm" Sa'ami sub '«20 Mixed Cold Cuts Sub

1.24
L34
l.20
L40
L34

' Public Safety: Ready,   ‘   

 

 

 

an m." m  T

" .‘L‘Iggﬁ‘l ~.

 ~:K

 

Business. Science. Engineering. I
This semester is the right time to get a TI

calculator tailored to the work you’re doing.

Hit ‘tl if

my.

 

SR-Sl-Il _
Professional decision making system.
Loaded with statistics functions.

The MBA”

. Business calculator
A busmess maior’s dream machine.
m; gcc-ounti-ng. Marketing. Education.
ocral Sctences. Life Sciences. Health.
Statistics plays a major role in dozens
of career fields. Here's a calculator with
the advanced capability you need to
 ' handle your projects. Comes with
Calculating Better Decisions, a $4.95 book value.
Helps you get the most out of the SH-St-II. Step-
by-step illustrations show how to use its powerful
preprogrammed functions. Learn how to gather
data. Weigh alternatives. Arrive at rapid. accurate
decisions.

   

preprogrammed for a wide variety of functio

The MBA handles it in seconds, for 12
different cash flows! It also offers pro- r50
grammability—up to 32 keystrokes for ﬂ
solvrng repetitive problems easily.

’Huuoatod rutitll prieu.

TEXAS INSTRUMENTS

town tun Instrument. Incorporated | N C O R l'() R A T I” f)

/

 

 

 

if you're building a career in business, the MBA
can be ideal. It provides instant answers to com-
plex busrness problems at the touch of a key. It is

ns

and formulas business professionals face every
day. Take internal rate of return, for example a
valuable calculation for accurate capital budget-
ing. Its complicated, often difficult, and takes time.

45530

 

 

 

BY Rich Merritelstein

«The SUNYA Public Safety officer
propped the gun on his shoulder. steadied
his hand. and pulled the trigger. The
victim hesitated. and. realizing he‘d been
hit. came to a halt.

"it was stupid,“ he muttered, looking
toward the ground. He was dejected; he
had been beaten:

The weapon was ﬁerce looking. It was
l2 inches long. with a wide barrel. The
only pain inflicted upon the victim, was
inthe wallet. forthegun fires radio waves.

Director of Public Safety James
Williams hopes that SUNYA‘s new
“movable beast." as he kiddineg referred.
to the recently acquired Speed Gun-l will
he the preventative so badly needed to
curb speeding on Perimeter Road.

Observance of the roads 30 mph speed
limit. studies have proven, is tnore
frequently the exception than the rule.
With its numerous curves. narrow width.
unclear signs. and general Iabryinth-iike
characteristics. Pcrimctcr is a ripe setting
for scrious accidents. Williams said. Not
otin would he like tltc speed limit
enforced. httt ltc has also been lighting, for
additional “Stop” and “Yield” sigtts.

“Signs are finally goiitg up." Williams
said. "but not without considerable
cllort. It has taken fivemonthsalrcady.“

ll_\ .\;\.\.\ .\.\ltlilvl I ,\-.St llllt.\l.l.l

lcd Smith is a lootbzill fan. lltc
Stcclcrs arc his tcttin. And on Sunday
altcrnoons and Mondn) nights lctl
Smith shuts oll his phone to hc surcthat
no onc disrupts llls \icttiitg ol lltc gtiittc.
lcd Smith plans to usc if \tdcotapc
tccoidci'. to hurltl tltc bcst lootbitll lllil'fll}
iii tltc country. llc Is an n\ id Inn. And ltc
|\ gtatclul to tclctision for bringing
Iootbnll into his ltoinc. htit not for lunch
clsc.

lll It}. ltallua) throughout thc filth
lccttlrc of thc tct‘nt ottc could llL‘tll
notcbooks hctng closctl. studcitts lcurttitg
back.

lcd Smith ts ltcrc ft'oin MicltignnStiitc.
rtrntctl With it PM) and HM) assistants
lair) Ichlic andfiail Mt:)c'l'ttttltllolcttcll
for thc Rt't) dcpartmcnt.

./\|ch' Class. on thc day of Smith's filth
|cclttrc tit Mass Media. onc sttidcnt said.
"llc's bullshitting. man. \\ in do the} all
cotnc here and bullshit its?"

l.atcr on in thc wcck \thcn studcnts in
fir. Suit/cr's ()rgam/ational iichatioi
class \tcrc discussing Smith, ouc \ioman
said. "After the first class I ran tip to thc
ltt't) department toch out. I askcd lllt'
lady. ‘How could they lct hint iii the
department."

it‘s a safe bet that the majority of the
students iii [£3 at tcn o‘clock on
Mondays. Wctlncsdays and l‘ridays arc
citltcr RCO majors or studcitls of
jourintlism. And as ch Smith is corrch
in pointing ottt. they do hold the mcdia in
high regard.

So \that is \trong‘.’ Smith scctns to hc .t
bright mun. l’robahly is (I \cr) nicc malt
and ltc docs root for thc Stcclcrs

Wcll. lcd Snuth has a bias. a bias hc
admits to. a L'tlltsL'i'HlllH.’ huts. .t bias
\ilticit rcndct's him lttcllc‘t'lnc (inc
should not. when attempting to ntnkc it
poiitt about a topic \tliiclt onc‘s autlu'ttcc
holds in higlt regard tear it up. the man
is prone to saying things like. the media
was probably responsible for lltc l'llllL‘tl
States losing lltt.‘ Vietnam War, and

 

 

 

)‘L‘llow journalism Ior lltc Spanish

OCTOBER 7'. 1977

One of the most dangerous spots on
campus. and one in which Williams
would like a “Stop” sign. is the exit
toward Fuller Road behind the Dutch
Quad tennis courts. It is also the spot you
are most likely to encounter the radar
gun.

“I think it‘s a good idea for usto usethe
gun thcrc,“ Officer John Canto said.
“because most people heading toward
i-‘ulier Road don‘t realize that they are
supposed to yield even though they‘re
gotng straight. it" they‘re going 45 mph.
they won‘t have time to stop if there's a
car coming toward them around that
curve on Perimeter."

  

Frequently. he or another officer will
park his car paralch tothc baseline ofthc
corner tennis court. The officer removes
the gun from the attache case. and turns
the power on. Bcl'orc ttsing it. ltc strikes a
tunittg fork. and holds it before the lens.
I‘ltc fork is calibrated to a certain number
of cycles per second. and should register
as 50 miles per hour. This test completed.
the officer then mounts the unit on the
passcngcr side window.

“ | his particular modcl must be still,“
Assistant Director John llcnnigan said.
“ l hc more cxpcnsivc oncs cart be used
\\llllt.‘ in motion." Ihc Spccd (inn—l costs

Ted Smith: Coming

/\lllt.‘l'lt.‘ftll War. and il thcrc arc only
65.000 notncn to i\()W and millions of
\tomcn in l‘.R/\ groups all tl\L‘l' thc
country. “by docs thc lcmtmst mmctncnt

get all the covcragc-compfctcly ignoring'

tlic millions itt otltcr lctninist groups it“
otct' tltc cotltttl‘}.

| o pttt ll slttlpl). Strut h contcs don ll oit
tlic tnctlin. ltc contcs dottn hard and on a
sitlc \\ Inch ltc ticknott chgcs most collcgc-
ctlucatcd \c\\ \ot‘kct’s .ttc itot
:tL‘t'tIsloIttctl to.

Rcccnll} ltc tncnttoncd that dttc to thc
nicdia's lthci'al bias. otic nctcr sccsti \llti“
on tcfct tsion \\ liicli slurs an cthnicgioup.
\\ ltctt ll tins pointcd otit Io ltmt that
shows like " l he Kallikaks," “What's
Happening." lltc l'it/gcralds," Lotstt
luck." arc all ctltnicjokcs \\hiclt serve to
tcinlot‘cc slct'cot) pcs. ltc rcplicd,:.5
"()l‘nttttlsl} you pcoplc \tntcli different
tclctision than I do." Morc notchooks ‘

Making Molehills out of Mountains

By MARGARET O‘CONNOR

Middle Earth was born in the
confusion of the i960 campus scene of
counter—cultures. drugs, and revolutions.
The Office of Drug Abuse allocated
money for the organization primarily to
fulfill the ticcds ofthat drug-oriented era.
Currently, ()l)AS gives Middle Earth 50
per cent of its funds. The remaining funds
conic from SA (40 percent), and SU NYA
(tcn pcr ccnt).

Middle lia rt it is a student-run
organization devoted to providing high
quality human services to the university
community through a telephone ltotliitc.
intlivrdunl counseling. aitd an educational
workshop. As an alternative counseling
agency. Middle Earth offers stttdents‘thc
benefits of peer counseling. immediate
attention and the choice of anonymity.

Walk—in counseling is also available.
Middle Earth maintains ﬁles for intra-
agcncy referrals, and it crash list for
people who need a place to stay. The stuff

 

about SL600. about half the price of a .
more sophisticated model.

Once mounted..the gun merely ﬂashes
out the speeds of every carthat passes
within its range. The electronic digits
continually shift as the car‘s speed
fluctuates. or as other vehicles enter its
cone-shaped field of vision. Therein lies a
minor problem. Conto explained.

“The gun picks up vehicles in this
order: the largest. the closest. and the
fastest.“ A truck going 25 mph, therefore.
will overpower a Pinto coming from a
distance behind it at 50 mph. Also. two
comparable sized vehicles traveling at
only slightly divergent speeds cannot be
easily differentiated. Unless the violation
is fairly severe. it is unlikely that an
officer will attempt to guess.

if the officer wishes to. he can aim the
gtttt at a vehicle behind him and push the
“mirror” switch, enabling him to read the
digits in his rcarview mirror. From
certain angles. it may be impossible to
position your head behind the gun. sothc
rcvcrsc digits simplify accurate readings.

'lhc officer cart also pull the trigger
mechanism. lockiitg a particular spccd
into the gun. this". too, aids in obtaining
the reading when the operator must
obtain the reading from an inconvenient

Down on the Media

being closcd.

.\ot that cicryonc is opposctl to.
Smith‘s bias. 'I \\'o studcitts approaclicd
Smith itltcr' class to argttc a lctt points.
and if hlonilc stood thct'c tnlcrjcctiiig.
"lint ltc's tltc professor." ivlaybc Smith
slizircs ltcr \Ic\\ ltc lccturcs as if no onc
lll tltc class rcads. \iatcltcs. obscncs
t't'lllt'tlll). (ihi tottsl_\ Smith docsn‘t knoo
that tnttclt about students of journalism

Iltc) rcspcct tltc media. httt lltc) arc
also an arc of its shortcomings. Ihc) rcad
Mcdia columns. lhc_\ arc an arc that thc
\ctt \ork ltmcsisiiltcringits tiniigc. that
Rupcrt Murdock is not a friend of tltc
sciious journalist. lhc) arc tI\\.'ll‘L‘ that
thc tnctftn rcl'lccts ottr \cr) bcst. ottt \crt
must. that if isttt fact our bcst. tttfl \torst.

Slttdcnts confronting Smith ifllL‘l t'lztss
\\llll thc l;th lllill tltcy and many of thcu
pccis \tcrc disturbed by his strong bias
and \chcnicncc against tltc tncdia, lll\

consists of a part—time director, three
part-time coordinators, ten graduate
counselors, and 55 undergraduate peer
counselors. The volunteer
undergraduatcs staff the switchboard
nine am. to midnight on weekdays, and
24 hours on weekends. Graduate
counselors provide individual counseling
with clients, and art on-cail system as a
backup for telephone operators who need
immediate assistance. Within 24 hours an
appointment cart be arranged with a
counselor.

The whole staff is involved .l
complex linkage system of personal, ant
professional support. criticism,
supervision. The training and learning
processes are continual. Last semester out
of the 65 applicttnts screened for the
telephone operator positions, 25 were
chosen.

The rigid training schedule for the
telephone operators includes a training
weekend. and clinic groups for skill

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

position before another car comes into
the machine's sight.

Hennigan has issued broad guidelin
on ticketing procedures. First time
offenders exceeding the 30 mph limit by
less that live mph will receive written
warning. Subsequent infractions in
excess of 35 mph will result in a ticket. as"
will all offenses in excess of 40 mph —
subject. of course. to the officer's
discretion.

“Since many officers are on vacation
now. we don‘t have the manpower to use
two cars at once.“ Canto said. “For
instance. we could have one car behind
the tennis court with the radar gun, and
another car at the bottom of the gym
parking lot." This may come into effect
during the fall. though. ~

The end result may be similar to NY
‘I hruway driving. one eye always
watching for radar traps with'CB's and
radar detector flourishing. Williams
hopcs not.

“'I lie only pttrposc of buyingthc gun is
to cncouragc people to drivc safely.
.loggcrs and bicyclcrs are in very
dangcrous positions when cars come
around in wide curves.

“I‘m sure tfic grin will lead to a l'cw
angry drncrs. But I‘d rather have them
angry than dcad."

  

talking down to them: ltopcd that Smith
\tottltl conic to tltc nc\l class
cxpltuntng his \ic\\s. saying that ltc \\.t\
ttitui'c that his bias nits disturbing. L'lt

 

\ot a rctraction but [it‘l'lltlps .l slit)“ o!
scitsttitit) to \tltcrc thc slfltlt'flfs \\t,'l-. t
corttittg front. lftcy wcrc to' ltc-f
disappointed. llicrc was. no such
statcmcnt. ' ’

in his first Iccttirc lcd Stiiitlt \.|Itl that l
0m» 01 ihcfttrcs that brought him lt|lL‘fltl| 
at Albany was the promise of small'
classcs. \thiclt got a laugh l( .l holds
sctcral hundrcd sludcnts.

l
i
t

lint pcrhaps II is licllci Iltttt Smith dit'
not get his small class. Forthcn. hc would
hatc hccn unzioic to talk at his illltlIL'llLt
and ltc \tould ha\c had to dcal \\l|ll th.
sound oI closing ttotchooks.

it could ha\c bccn \tot'sc. llccottld b.
a Raidci Inn.

. V... w:n.-..u-_ .A.

‘rs’ﬁ-Jr. .

building. and a four montt;
apprenticeship to a skilled telephone
operator where specific skills are
practiced. When a trainee is ready to
answer the telephones. a skilled operator
is still present for support. The
organization stresses the acquisition of a
group feeling that is a compromise
between the professional organization it
strives to be, and tile communitythat it is.

People who call Middle Earth with
their various problems find the objective.
problem-solving techniques of the staff
helpful. According to Training
Coordinator at Middle Earth. Neal
Bcroz, “Many people feel they need a
major problem to seek personal
counseling. I think they need to knowit is
valid to look for counseling for pr" -nal
growth alone.“ Through counseling.
available to residents dorms and other
community groups, Middle Earth strives
to alleviate problems and tensions before
they mushroom into a crisis.

PAGE 5A

 

 

 

m a-» . an... WA «w...

   

 

 

 

