   

 

 

-, ‘JUlY 2], 1977

 

 
  
 
 

 

 

. Public Safety Acquires
New and Improved Radar Gun

Five Quad Purchases
New;and Improved Ambulance

.. i» ,2). , .

 it 21/: years - Recorded
 in In: of suiterland
Personals

35st Price $7.98 Cmsswm'd

\\_\}\' . - ‘ 7/. Movie Timetable
\‘ a I ' , Now thru July 30 .

SUNYA Buys New and Improved
CDTA Proposal — Almost

     
    

The Freshman’s Request:
A Short Story

TheSound of Silence:
Eliminating Turntable Noise

Page 3

Page 3

Page 3

Page 4

Page 7

Page 8
Page 8
Page 8

 

 
 
  
 
   

.l .w M
urea Extr -Special 
“albums by YES
at yes.
Extra-Special {prices

2Now thru July 30 = M

 ~  cﬂspectes

 

   

 

 

Managing ultim-
Rn-uwn \trkm'm‘nx

 

I 'n lf’fll 'm an Manet-N

 

   

 

 

ilux it u w: 1W i‘m‘ '

V I . 5. l. Mlli‘l‘ll
Pu‘i KURI'M‘EHLG. l‘m‘u 1.32m
I (w: "1A HH‘INH. PM Micsst I
3 W k K .T'rI-(Iumrm
i i' l Mime». Awt We"

: A g A V . I I n.
i hum Mean. lumen. {hummus

   

 
 

WE GOT OUR
MUSIC 

211‘ central

 

 

 

 

  

\\l'n1i u punt-men urrtu mum, m: .muuw

 

 

 

CHARM E, AMSTIR MECH 4M; x

BORES AN ENélNE Bid-int

! Albany mats? passe CMMATbN

 If!  ‘ A
R  I. Irmr . "All/Ir] .I/ [In-14.7.”.
' 3mm; Rum," Ni'hhrnllylmmln.Ilium-Human. \pw. ' ..

 

I  Lu an 51-. [ml L, l‘lm'wwzi m Almnu m m. Altmm mun-u l'n‘v
1 ‘ -. , . “""‘"'I"“|ll"renaminqu l'd ‘ 1.. -
z j g - “Luau/Ive Mum m. Inuw ~uhyn': mutt-la n.".':.'.rmm'::m.\-.:u‘-’. ....
~ I O 31“.m\ D7]\‘\KA 1.. \Illulu \xullrnl l'mt l'i l“! mm. u-unmuu
l > .. «1...... a... hut 122:: ' ‘ ‘
V . ( ("inﬁrm/11g I-rlnur.‘
_ ~  limn (ulna. i an (Mime
2 “Mummy Mﬂluuyu ~'- “we.-.” .
E lm Ramon
% .7....,,,,,,,,,p,,...,,... PHOTOGRAPHS
Am Puuum
V Stu/I
[non lam «um. rm. Kr.“ W, a The Radar photo was taken

by Alan Reich; the CDTA
photos were taken by
Willie Olivieri and Alan

 

 

 

   

\»....x_x.5. .. p . ._

:Et’uzvlutla;

 

JULY 2i. I977

I . ‘
by Richie Memslstein ‘
he SUNYA Public Safety officer propped
the gun on his shoulder. steadied his
hand. and pulled the trigger. The victim
hesitated. and. realizing he'd been hit,
came to a halt.

"It was stupid." he muttered. looking
toward the ground. He was dejected: he had been
beaten. '

The weapon was fierce looking. It was 12 inches
long. with a wide barrel. The only pain it inflicted
upon the victim, was in the wallet. for the gun fires
radio waves. (

Director of Public Safety James Williams hopes

that SUNYA's new “movable feast." as he
kiddingly referred to the recently acquired Speed
Gum-1 will be the preventive so badly needed to
curb speeding on Perimeter Road. '
‘ Observance of the loads 30 mph speed limit.
studies have proven. is more frequently the
exception than the rule. Withits numerous curves.
narrow width. unclear signs. and general
labryinth-like characteristics. Perimeter is a ripe
setting for serious accidents. Williams said. Not
only would he like the speed limit enforced. but he
has also been lighting for additional "Stop" and
"Yield" signs.

"Signs are finally going up." Williams said. “but
not without considerable effort. It has taken five
months already."

One of the most dangerous spots on campus. and
one in which Williams would like a “Stop” sign. is
the exit toward Fuller Road behind the Dutch Quad
tennis courts..lt is also the spot you are most likely
to'encounter the radar gun.

“I think it's a good idea for us to use the gun
there." Officer John Canto said. “because most
people heading toward Fuller Road don't realize
that they are supposed to yield even though they‘re
going straight. If they‘re going 45 mph. they won‘t
have time to stop if~there‘s a car coming toward
them around that curve on Perimeter."

Frequently. he or another officer will park ya ,

car parallel to the baseline of the corner ten is
court. The officer removes the gun from the attache
case. and turns the power on. Before using it. he
strikes a tuning fork. and holds it before the lens.
The fork is calibrated to a certain numberof cycles
per second. and should register as 50 miles per
hour. This test completed. the officerthen mounts
the unit on the passenger side window.

"This particular model must be still." Assistant -

CDTA versus SUNYA: Still a

by G.Pascal“Zachary
apitol District Transportation Authority
and SUNYA are close to reaching an
agreement on the proposed CDTA
takeover of SUNYA‘s bus service.
according to SA President Dave Gold.
Gold was one of a half dozen SUNYA
representatives to attend a meeting with CDTA
officials. The meeting. held this Tuesday
afternoon. was called by the State Division of
Budget.

SUNYA and CDTA officials. however. still
disagree on a number olissues. The cost and terms
of the lease. the future ofSUNYA's busdrlvers. the
type of identification needed to board a CDTA bus.
and the scheduling of service are the principle
points of contention. SUNYA Vice President for
Management and Planning John Hartigan does
not “see us as being able to budge on many of these
points." l-lartlgan hopes that any agreement
reached will insure “better service for the
University community.”

A week ago SUNYA's Bus Committee met with
l~lartigan. who explained that the purpose of the
meeting was "to review and revise what we
consider a tentative draft contract for CD'I‘A bus
service." The draftwas discussed in company with

/

a

 SUNYA Public Safety: Ready. Aim.Fir'e, 

‘ aids inbbtliliing the "may; when me «in ,

Director J ohn- Hennigsn said. “The more
expensive ones can be used while in motion." The

Speed Gun-i costs about 01.800. about half the

price of a more sophisticated model.

Once-mounted. the gun merely flashes out the V

speeds of, every car that passes within its range.
The electronic digits continually shift as the car's
speed fluctuates. or as other vehicles enter its
cone-shaped field‘of vision. Therein lies a minor
problem. Conto explained.

“The gun picks up vehicles in this order: the
largest. the closest. and the fastest." A truck going
26 mph. therefore. will overpower a Pintoeoming
from a distance behind it at 50 mph. Also. two
comparably sized vehicles traveling at/ only
slightly divergent speeds cannot be easily‘
differentiated. Unless the violation is fairly
severe. it is unlikely that an officer will attempt to
guess. '

If the officer wishes to. he can aim the gun at a
vehicle behind him and push the"mirror" switch.
enabling him to read the digits in his rearview

mirror. From certain angles. it may be impossible ‘

to position your head behind the gun. so! the
reverse digits simplify accurate readings.

The officer can also pull the trigger mechanism,
looking a particular speed into the gun. This. too.

must obtain the‘, reading from ad 'incon t
position before another car comes ‘1 ”
machine's sight. __ ‘ ,
Hennigan has" issued “ broad guide! ‘ on
ticketing procedures. First time of! riders
exceeding the 30 mph limit by less than five mph.
will receive written warning. Subseq‘uent ..
infractions in excess of 35 mph will result. in a

ticket. as will all offenses in excess of «0 mph —— .

subject. ofeourse to the officer's discretion. 3
“Since many officers are on vacationhow. we

' don’t have the manpowsi' to use two cars at choc."

Canto said. “For instance. we could have one car
behind the tennis court with the radar gun. and
another car at the bottom of the gym parking lot.“
This may come into effect duringthe fall. though.

The end result may be similar to N.Y. Thruway
driving. one eye always watching for radar traps.

'with 08's and radar detectors ﬂourishing.

Williams hopes not. :~
"The only purpose of buying the gun'is to
encourage people to drive safely. Joggers and
bicyclers are in very dangerous positions when
cars come around the wide curves. .
“I'm sure the gun will lead tola few angry
drivers. But I‘d rather have them angry‘than dead."

Five Quad Adds a Vanytolts Fleet

by Jill Haber
tudent Association has granted a loan of
$16.500 to Five Quad Volunteer
Ambulance Service Inc. for the purchase
of a new ambulance.
“We've been looking at new ,
ambulances for a year and a half now.
The ‘68 ambulance was eating up the budget for
repair bills and gas." said President of Five Quad
Mary Corrigan. Ambulances aren't like regular
cars -— you just can't let anything slide." The need
for a new ambulance was echoed by ambulance
attendant Mark Goldstein: “Some of the drivers
had very grave misgivings about drivingthe'68."
The new rig. a Dodge Medicruiser. will be in
service at the end of Septemher. It differs from the
two currently used Cadillacsinthat itis avantype
of vehicle. “The van provides more room for the
patient and it's also much cheaper. The van. fully

a similar proposal submitted by CDTA a week‘
earlier. .-

This “tentative draft". distributed to Bus
Committee members on July 12. calls for a five
year lease at $253,000 per year and insures fixed
and flexible service. Under this plan all full time
bus drivers presently employed by SUNYA would
be offered similar positions with CDTA.

/ In the past CDTA has proposed a three year
contract for $325,000 per year. It did not. however.
guarantee jobs for SUNYA‘s drivers. Though '
CDTA has convinced the Division of Budget that
their proposed price-tag is competitive. how this
figure was arrived at remains a mystery.

The State Division of Budget oversees both
SUNYA's and CDTA's expenditures. Accordingto
Gold the DOE has decided that “CDTA will
takeover" and is "pressuring the University to
make a decision."

The State has reason to encourage the takeover.
CDTA. with a projected deficit in its 1977-78 budget
of about $600.000. sorely needs the SUNYA
contract which would bring with it matching
federal funds. Without it the State might be forced
to bail CDTA out of their fiscal crisis.

The Division of Budget. in its efforts to speed up ‘
the negotiating process. has already called the two
parties together six times. it has scheduled

i

It

equipped costs $17,000 while a Cadillac runs
5830.000 without equipment. The new one shoulii
last a good five years." Corrigan said.

ll‘ive Quad has five semesters to pay back the SA

.J'

I

          
   
   
  
 
  
   
   

  
 
 

 

1‘.
lg: .
wt.

kloan. Funding will be provided by including a nev. / -. -

line on each student‘s bill with a charge of threi
dollars; two dollars for the traditional class due:. I
and one dollar for Five Quad. Students will haw:
the option of paying only the class dues. only :i
Five Quad contribution. neither. or both. The lonl.
term goal of this funding is to make Five Quart,
independent of SA funding it receives through thc
Friends of Five Quad organization.

Five Quad Ambulance Service. entering its flftl
year. provides emergency medical care for any
person on the SUNYA campus as well as for al.‘
students and facultyand their immediate familie:
within a five mile range of State Quad.

.Few Bugs

another meeting to be held sometime in August.

Despite CDTA's assurances students an.
sceptical of the proposedtakeover. Last spring 90'
Alumni Quad students signed a petition againr.’
the takeover-Gold worries that CDTA and th
Division of Budget "are not sensitive to thv
student." He claims that to make adecisien on this
matter while the student body is away would set a
“dangerous precedent".

CDTA. which first proposed a takeover of the
SUNYA bus service‘in October of last year. has
tried. according to Keith Barber. a CDTA
spokesman. “to come up with a proposal that‘s
going to benefit the university...and benefit us."
Barber says that he is “confident that CDTA can
provide better service and have it cost the tax
payers less. r " . v .

With the summer almost at aclose. negotiators
will be hard pressed to reach an agreement before"
tlie' Fall term begins. SUNYA officials will I.
informing the Division of Budget an to chang.
that have been made in their proponed contrar-
Both parties will meet again in August. Shou‘
SUNYA and CDTA settle their differ ances beme
the summer ends. students will retur . to find th.

1» those green buses they have so recen‘. y learncda

love are gone forever.

   
 

 
  
  

        
    
   
   
        

