  
    
       
  

‘ m  J

, .. .4 ..._ -w, Amy—am -..e.q,m,.....:..wd.—  

 

 

 

  

 

 

a.
f f.


f j

”' is.

E ii

a 

.-. a

' a
g *i

a on and Weighing mo
t’ as. ~ 7  _ 4
‘ , VLorenzo,Amat'o..»3l.-y— 

     

     
   

Michelangelo's nude statue of David.
in front otf‘his piiza parlor.—‘

mounted ii ffcherry-picker'.‘ crane to .

sprinkle his huge, creation with 3l5
pounds of. cheese and another SIS
pounds of’ pepperoni. '

‘I'hc ‘Warrcn County sealer of
weights and measures attested to the

or

ks:

tty.

Canada

years."

is.
pie. The

     
  
 
   
  
   
  
 

m o has._submitted his round
"to the Guiness Book of
World records. which now lists a 33
by 26'Siciiian-style pizza baked: in
lasihe world‘slargest. x

Mayor Robert Cronin proclaimed
the'event. which drew about 4.000
hungry spectators. f‘one of the most
exciting things downtown in many

I I  'of 78'; I r

uppo , 7 by. concrete
nd‘fir'ed byllo large propane
V  -Amat0'_estimaled .the pie

0 m'525_.000 to 530.000. More
- rt an half of the slices were sold for

' Si

by, theCIass of '75 council to Dean
for Student Aﬂbirs Nail Brown in
regards to Former Class President
Marc Benet/re. .

The Class of I978 Council. despite
the verdict handed down in Albany
County Court. feels that Marc
Benecke is still guilty, at least moral-
ly. of violating a public trust. The
Class Council feels quite strongly
'that Marc Benecke has a moral
obligation to make-up and continue
his restitution. The Class Council is
not after blood; all we really want is
the money that Marc Benecke con-
fessed to taking from the class. The
Class treasury is quite low; and the
money from Marc would enable the

  
 

 

 

FREE:
“Contract: Riding
>"IIIIII

 

' EAST COAST INTERCOLLEGIATE -
PARTY WEEKENDS

ranrvr rantvr aaarvr mam raarvr
OCT 14-16; OCT 21-23 mm mus a... an. m.

Includes: Privateeoomwithbath, Imalehoa
cocktail panics. ﬁt chart- tran. from NYC, live birds

 

    
    
 
  
  

O GONG sum
0 LA V GODIVA

II III CONTEIT
. .

      

 

 

Stiff -t' f )fffffl
f lfffflfff

(1| Ohm!

    

carting _
f3ffff5|0ﬂ CUCJ

[ifffflff 482—0463 (ltlﬁ f’fff‘ John Harlz
285 Hill Stiff;

iffff Cllff‘
C’JlfliflfLJ

 

 

 

12, from 34:30 pm.

 

 

Off Campus Students

Need help with resume writing?

funded by 5A

Come to the Off Campus Lounge on Work, Oct.

Class to have a better Senior Week
than we have envisioned and‘
possibly a decent graduation
speaker.

Granted the verdict of Marc‘s
criminal case may be frustrating to
many Class members; but it was a
fair trial and it must be conceded
that justice was served. The Class
Council hopes that it will not have to
sue Marc in Civil Court to get our
money: hopefully Marc will not
cause the Class to pursue an action
that could be both time consuming
and costly for both parties. The best
interests of both parties will be serv-
ed; if Marc offers to negotiate with
the Class on a new plan of restitu-
tion.

legal Retainer

continued from page one

"We‘re probably giving you twice
as much as normal legal fees would
provide.“‘ he said. “In fact. had It“ ten
of those full representation clauses
been used consistently. we‘d htivc
come back to SA and said trh~uh.
'I fiat designation has always been an
outside number."

Kiel/man said tfie firm has
indicated a willingness to work with‘
SA to [HT-MIC more services Ill
certain areas by rearranging the
retainer. but said increasing services
for the same fee was not feasible. ile
said SA would lutve to increase its
retainer fee to get more than at
present.

" I hat‘s the best way I can think of
to increase services." Kiel/titan said.
"I'm not sure SA will find the some
fuel of services that we've protided
for the satire amount of money."

Roscttbttini and I.t.’VL'Il|IItII are
currently providing lcgitf sertices
although the retainer they work
under has expired.

"I don‘t tfiirik aiiytfunglornial has
been agreed upon. Wc'rejust going
ttfotig witfi them now. and we‘ll keep
protiding serum on a proratic

~ ' " Kctt/man said.

 
 
    
 

Lettersff

 

 

 

also” i"
sTudent

— 2
Gei‘" - 8

3.6. if

I .
i/ ll doesn't have that /)I'Q/t'.t‘.f'ftllf(lf loo/t.“

Let the /i//Iull_l' Slade"! Press give your resumé the

appearance that It deserves. We offer youua hiin quality
reproduction at the rates that students can afford.

'I‘he ASI’ Composition De artment
Campus Center 32

PAGE TWO

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

tori know how good If feels It I
get a letter"! If our lztltiorial:
l’agc Izditor .Ion lalayctt '
doesn't get letters stroll.
going to he fired! So send Iltlll
letlci. c o zlS'l' CCJZ‘) _
\kashiugton A\L'.. Albany:
\.\.|2322 '

      
     

  

       
      

  

 

 

/ followingisasieiernemmede “

   
 
 
  
 
  
   

Amnesty Group Racelvea Peace Prize

OSLO. Norway (AP) Two women who started a peace movement in
Northern Ireland and a London-based organization that Works for political
prisoners won Nobel peace prizes Monday. The Nobel committee of the
Norwegian parliament awarded the i977 prize tothe-London organization,
Amnesty International. for If) years of effort on behalf of "prisoners of
conscience" and against torture and the death penalty. It gave the I976 prim
to Betty Williams, 33. and Mairead Corrigan. 32. for organizing a broad-
based “Peace People‘s“ movement to end eight years of fighting in their
homeland between Protestant and Catholic extremists. The women ItlltllL hed
the campaign more than six months after the Feb. i deadline for peace prize
nominations last year. when all 50 candidates were rejected and no award was
given. Soviet dissident Andrei Sakharov won it in I975.

New Orleans Longshoremen on Strike

NEW ORLEANStAI’) The shutdown ofthc nation's second-largest port in ft
longshorcmcn‘s strike is threatening steel shipments to the Midwco and
grain exports to foreign countries. But the impact is greatest in the city of
New Orleans itself. “‘I wo-thirds of" the economy of this area is rcfalctf to the
waterfront." H.G. Joffray. director of port operations. said Monday. "suit
you shut two-thirds of it off. the dollars aren't comingin. “ People start soclting
that buck away and keeping it for red beans arid rice." he said. The strike. pttrl
of a work stoppage that began Oct. I at East and Gulf Coast ports bythc
International Longshoremen's Association. is cutting an estimated $2
million a day from the tires economy. Unlike workers elsewhere who are
refusing to handle only eontainerized cargo. the New Orleans Itingsfttircitlcft
are striking all cargo.

Postal Service In the Black

WASHINGTON (AP) The Postal Service, experiencing an unexpected rise
in mail volume. is predicting asurplusin fiscal I979 forihe first time SIflCL'lltc
deficit-plagued agency was formed in I97l. As a result. officials say postal
rates will not have to be increased as fast as previously thought. IIlL'
favorable predictions are in a report by Senior Assistant Postmaster General
Francis X. Biglin to the service's ruling board. The report says the volume of
mail reached nearly 93 billion pieces in the fiscal year that ended Sept. 30, an
increase of' two billion over the previous year. A five-year forecast Ill fftc
report predicts volume will continue reising to almost l00 billion by local
I9BI. ‘l‘he changed outlook for mttil volume has a major effect on the
financial picturef'or the agency and on what it must charge the public in
postal rates. With many ofthc agency‘s crisis virtually the same regardless of

volume. mpre mail means more revenue for the Postal Service and thus less

need to raise rates.

Energy Department Unable to Cope wlth Shortages
WASHINGTONtAI’) the new Department of Energy has seriously
overestimated its ability to cope with iinothcr cold winter and resulting
natural gas shortages. a congressional report says. Federal officials linvcsnnf
they will be able to make up 60 per cent of'expected shortages like those that
closed schools and factories last winter. but in a report released Monday. a
Senate subcommittee said “thefederaf government will not be in a position to
ltclp very much.“ even though it credited officials with doing more than etc!
to deal with anticiptited shortages. the subcommittee on irttergowrmm'nlflf
relations based its conclusions on three days of hearings in which ttffft'litfs
oittfiited a Winter Emergency Energy Plan for I977-78.

Soviet Space Flight Aborted

MOSCOW (AI’) lwo Soviet cosmonauts headed home Monday .iflo
failing to link up with an orbitingspacc laboratoryin ttdisappointingstdll tn
Russia‘s third decade in space. Soyuz-25 coimnander Lt. Col, \‘f.nfnnii
Kovalenok and lliglit engineer Valery Rytimin. both first-flute sit-It's
travelers. were lofted into orbit with sortie fanfare Sunday. 'I lien flight \‘illlit'
20 years after the Soviets inaugurated the space age with the ()crobcr I‘li‘
Iatincfi of Sputnik. the first mnnmade earth satellite. The Soviet item .rgcnr't
'Iass said the spacecraft closed to within 393 feet of the Satyutii ottnlmt‘
hI‘KIL‘L' MHIIUH Monday. flirt. said Iass. “because of sortie (IL‘VIIIIIUH‘ I'M“ -I
planned docking regime the Iiiiktip was cancelled." the report g.i\t' no
further details. Wcslel'lt space ex pcrts fierc suggested two possible |t.'.tsrt|ts fol
the failure. the latest problem in the trouble-plagued Soviet spticc [itrvtjt .nn
Ilic experts said the docking mechanism on either spacecraft might fan.-
IllflfllfllClIoned. or more likely the eosmonaitts may have tWL‘Isiltit the sport
lab. or'btted Sept. 2‘). itiid not had enoughfucl f'orasecond pass .it titt‘ 1.“ng

States' Rights Issue for Republican Governors
CONCORD» N- H- (AP) Republican Governors announced Monday
the theme of their campaign to increase their waning numbers. states"
rights versus the federal government. Ironically. it's the same theme
“WU h) “cuiocrai Jimmy Carter in winningthc presidency. (iov. Robot f
Iicritiett of Kansas. chatrnutn of the Republican Governors Association. told
(itll’ office-holders itiid candidates at the opctiingsession ofthc gionp‘srtto-
till) annual meeting here Monday that states‘ rights is the issue of the IlIIIllL'
u“ "m" '5 “ INPL‘ lorsanity iii government. it lies with the governors and tulll
tlic uitltiitltial states. and not with the Congress iiitd certainly. iindci current
circumstances. not with the White House.“ Itcunctt said. “We meet :u .i now
“"0" “HM who are seriously questioned at the national level." ten.- of the
nation's f2 Republican governors attended the ripening session of the
"M‘Illllf- Ill “hid! “"0103va for capluriiig strife house jobs throughout the
nation and icy ersing the trend ot'tiOl’ losses iii ptist elections were discussed.
"Wilt-m candidates or prospectiw candidates froin to states in... not
present.

.4.-

OCTOBER 11. 1977

 

 

 

 

by John Moran

Student tax niayrise to the state
mandated ceiling of 570. according
to Student Association Controller
Mike Hetchkop. '

Hetchkop said. “It is necessary to
start thinking of raisingthe tax." He
added. “I think it should to a
referendum.“

SA President Dave Gold said that
SA needs more money to provide
more services.

Athletics need money for rising
costs and SA likes to have it surplus
in case of emergencies. according to
Hetchkop.

Hetchkop said that a decision
should ﬁrst be made on what to do
with the surplus in the Athletic

Budget of over “20.000 before
cosidering a raise in tax.

Gold said that it is too early to tell
if there will be a referendum 'for
raising the tax. “Until we decide on
what to do with the surplus it is
premature to talk about raising the
student tax.“ I

"l‘hc $|20.000 Athletic surplus.
accumulated over the past ten years.
has been used to hold fund campus
services such as Five Quad
Ambulance Corps and WCDIl-FM
radio station. according to Gold.

The Athletic Financirtl Committee
is preparing a recommendation on
what to do with the surplus.

Gold said he doesn’t know when
the recommendation will be ready.

Computer Error Causes
Incorrect TAP Awards

by Valerie Molinaro

Almost l5.000 students Ill New
York State tiavc received incorrect
IAI’ awards this year. aecordirtg to

the Higher Education Services
Corporation. H liSC Program
Research Specialist Charles

I readwcfl said a programming error
recently generated award notices
that designate larger awardsthan tfic
students‘ actual IAI’ grants.
l'rimarily affected by the
programming error \vercjuniors and
seniors whose awards are
automatically reduced by 5 I00 when
the) becoriic upper issmctt. the
computer error caused the
prodtictioit of iioftccs equal to those
given freshmen and sophomores.
freadwetf said. "the award
notices were incorrect. btit the
vouchers being sent to the colleges
are correct. Students will be
receiving ainmended notices."
Financial and officers were
informed of ofltct'cottlputer errors at
a conference for financial aid
adniotistrtitors field last week iti
ltnllafo. SUNYA Financial Aid
Director Donald Wfiitloek said that
fottr more problem areas were
identified at the conference by
Corporation officials.
"About |o00 students

  

have

_ received award notices that exceed

their tuition. Semester designations
on the awards should be checked for
error. Also. iii some cases. the
Regents Scholarship award (the
merit‘based awardl was not
delineated on the certificate."
Whitlock said.

Whitlock added that some
students who have titet
emancipation criteria have
mistakenly been sent the blue

supplemental form. According to
Wliiitoek. these students should
return the foriii wrth date of birth
information.

“Students should check their
awards. If errors are found. students
should bring their certificates to the
Financial Aids ()f'lice where
supplemental forms will beavailabfe
to rectify the mistakes.“ Wfiitlock

said.

IIIiSC I’i‘esidcnt Eileen
Dickinson advises students who
u 1t-tllf' 4. II‘ t

have itot received‘ffieii'l f Al’ awards
within four weeks to contact If IESC
using the new student information
number. She said that number is:
474-5042.

“the efficacy of the new phone
line can‘t be predicted." said
Wliitlock. “ I .et‘s let the students give
If a try."

REPORTER

IMPEACH.

The front page of the R.I.T. Reporter falls the story II the magazine
editors have called for the Impeachment of their SA President.

OCTOBER 11, 1977

wwmm-Wmm

 

:‘Bé . 

but he said the money may~be,split
between the Athletic Fund and SK.

Hetchkop said that the money SA
would receive from the split would
be used for emergencies.

After the decision is made on the
surplus. Hetchkop said. “It may
become necessary to start thinking
of raising the tax."

Any proposed increase in student
tax will be voted on in a referendum
by the student body. said Gold.

The student tax is used by SA to
fund athletics. concerts. clubs. and
other activities at SUNYA.

The student tax is currently $66
per school year. The SUNY Central
Administration hits set the limit for
student tax at $70 a year. according
to SASU Legislative Director Dave
Coync. Coytic said the SUNY at
Buffalo‘s student trix is $07 while
Stony Brook‘s rind llinghamtoii‘s are
at the limit of $70. lie added that
most SUNY schools are at the $70
limit.

    

 
 

  

 
 
 

  
  

  

  
   
  
   
 

SA President Dave Gold said that It might be premature to talk about
raising the student in untll a declalon lamada ontha athfatlc curpfua.

UPS/MA" ANN "(WAX

Two Chancellor Candidates Left

by Thomas Martello

The field of candidates for SUNY
Chancellor has been narrowed down
to Acting Chancellor James Kelly
ttnd Michigan State President
Clifton R. Wharton Jr. after the
third candidate. University of Iowa
President Willard l.. Boyd.
withdrew from contention last week.

Iloyd was interviewed for the
position about three weeks tigo and
made his decision not to remain in
contention. according to Daily
lowan University of Iowa Publicity
Director 'I‘homas 'I'opin. “He's been
here over 20 years and said that he
would like to stay."

Johnson said that Boyd told him
that he find not been offered the
position as SUNY Chancellor.

Johnson said that Boyd bao

\tperienccd fiscal difficulties with
the state of Michigan White president
and has securcdthe university“more
money titan originally expected"

RIT Press

Impeachment proceedings have
begun against Rochester lnstit ute of
'I‘echnology Student Association
President Craig Schwahacb.
prompted by an editorial iii the
student magaliric. Ific Reporter.

In the Sept. 23 issue of the
magazine. the cover contained one
word: Impeach. In a three page
editorial. the magazine asked the SA
Senate for the impeachment and
cited nine indescrctions by
Schwabaeh since entering office.

the charges included the
destroying of campaign material.
beiiig uni'eponsivc to students.
placing unusual restrictions oii the
flow of information. academic
dishonesty. mistippropriution of
funds tllttI violation of the collective
First Aminendment rights of the
Reporter staff.

According to Reporter NeWs
editor ()rcst Ilodncr. a committee
has been set up to investigate lliese
charges and furs completed the first
of two weeks of work.

" I hey will maketheir report to the
SA Senate next Monday.“ said
Ilodner.

“We asked for it (impeaefiment)".
said Reporter cditor-tn-chicf' John
Riley. "Consequently. it started the
student senators thinking. I This
action would not have been taken

frqu it Conversativc state
government. a trait which would
make him attractive to the
financially plagued SllNYAsystcm.

Wharton has been Michigan State
President for the past seven years
and is the first black president ol'tliat
university.

In a statement issued last week. he
said“ From tirue to time overthe past
seven years. my nttrne has been
mentioned for various other
positions with or without my
knowledge. In keeping wrtli my past
practices. i prefer not to add to
speculation by adding any
cornmeal.“

According to the Michigan Daily
Administration reporter Put In
Croix. Wharton has hceri “night
before for other positions while at
Michigan and has released the snare
statement each time.

From war—(w. Wharton was on
an Advisory Panel of IittSI Asian

Affairs and Pakistan for the U.S.
Department of the State.

He is it member oftfic Rockefeller
Foundation and has eight honorary
degrees from various universities. as
well as degrees in Economics from
the University of Chicago and in
International Studies from John
Hopkins. Wharton got his BA in
1947 from Harvard University.
where lie entered at the age of If). He
was born in Boston 5| years ago.

It has heeii reported flint Kelly is
the l rout-runner for the position if he
is physically able. lotlowrng his heart
attack two weeks ago. Doctors stiy
that he is progressing well. Kelly
became Acting Cfianccffor after
former Chancellor Iirnesl Boyer
took over its lJ.S. Commissioner of
Education eiirlicr this year.

A final decision might be
announced when the SUNY Board
of Trustees meet in New York City
on Oct. 26.

Pushes Impeachment

otherwise."

According to the
Schwabaeh find vrofatctf se\craf
campaign practices and had on
several occasions been accused of
cheating on tests. ()ther allegations
involved the relationship with the
maga/rnc. the editorial stated that
Schwabaeh find placed "unusual
restrictions on Reporter staffers"
and that “getting Reporter" was a
priority of his adiiiintstriitiori.

Ihc editorial also stated that
Schwabaeh had attempted to block
the transfer of $2000 in SA Itifids lo
Reporter Marga/inc.

edit t)l'ltlI.

Iiodner said that the most serious
charges were independent of the
relationship between the maga/ine
and Schwabaeh.

“ I fierc were no ulterior motives."
said Riley. “For us. the money was
not it file or death llutig it wasjtist
that if lot of people felt very strongly
about this issue for it long time.“

Ifie editorial also charged that
Schwabaeh Iiad taken $400 in SA
funds to go to a Nittioiuil Sttidciil
Association Convention and tfitil
those ftiiids Were unauthori/cd.

Riley said that the decision to do
the editorial was not tincasyoneand
that it find ficendiseussed at virtually
all of' the nuigiirinc‘s weeklv editorial

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

board meetings for the past SIX
months.

"We decided that the time find
conic to take a stand." said Riley.
"We did II In the best interest of the
RH community and we employed
ctcry tactic \titfiin tfic outlines of
responsible _]iiltl'ltttfl.\ltl to bring it

act oss."

lfiosc tactics included the white
on black background "Impeach."
co\er. as well as I lie editorial and till
e\p|trnatton of life editorial board's
decision.

I be
though the

explanation stated that
information printed
could be damaging to the
individuals (Schwabaeh) career.
. in this situation We fiave been

forced to choose for society at the
expense of the individual. . 

“We tell it find to be done." said
Riley. "We felt that at this point in
time. if we took no action. it would
be condoning his actions."

According to. the RI'I' Student
Associat ion" impeachment
Procedure, if the process comes
down to a final \ote. it will trike a
two-thirds majority for
impeachment.

Schwabaeh was not available for
comment.
-—'I‘. Martellu

PAGE THREE

 

 

 

'\

 

.,"..‘..-._‘ "I" i. I . .m _.,u . “in; .lri

     

