 

.__ ...-,_. e. C.‘__.. n. v-.. __ ,.__ _ c _ “4,. -. C __.,_ ._...1 --.. ,z.__/-m—_._c..,_

 

 

~W~a-~ w..-

; .. a.” ...H..meaa-m

2.3
l.
.
if
i
E
i
i
g;
i

i.

..v.\.-....< .. _._... “ﬂew—w...“ _. .h..-_,_..__....“_c

Remunwm. .. g. A

 

   

(«u

 

 

tricuIt.

‘ Fourteen-B. the section in the

__ Tilt-Hartley Act authorizing states
' to ban union shopfagreements. is

 

i ' _ ' for most rite] r labor-legislation in ‘

t. . session— and -no1 on‘e'kn‘ew it

better than labor‘s own lobbyists.
“We, got caught with} our pants

down.” said Victor Kambe‘r. top lob-

’ part of a broad lep'slative paqkage
"being pushed by the AFL-CIO.
“along with the common Vsitus
' picketing bill. 'an (increase in- the

minimum wage ' and sweeping
changes in federal law. to make it
easier for unions to organize and
,negotiate contracts. .
While the picketing bill directly

corner Robin St. lCentral Ave. Albany
PRESENTS

 

' The Country Rock Sounds of
BADGE

Fri. & Sat. Mar. 25&26‘
Sl.00 Admission

The Good Times Music of
SPONGEY DELIGHTS
Sun. Mater. 27

 

‘ ‘House Speaker ‘Thoman 1P.
* O'Neill Jr. chided‘ labor leaders

 

‘ TUNE

tonight

This ad space donated by

When you'can‘t make it to the ballroom,

TElETIION.
WSUA - 640 am

Continuous live coverage starting

ll public .t't‘rl'ff’t' tI/‘t'our t'lllll/Ill.l'-lllflitlt’t/ radio station.

IN TO ‘

at8pm

the Albany Student Press.

 

 

 

The lunnloct
®-latod "let
to some -
down ‘
the late
this your--

a g 0
Exclusive
Area

_ Showrng '
"or:

GROOVE noon:-
urn ® '
in IAITIAN COLOR

I CONIVILLATION "LII INC.
MIDI"

Special Late Shows at 11:00
Sunday. Monday: Tuesday

~._——-

  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
   

\

 

li‘ox Colonic I & 2

 

PAGE TWO

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

’ ‘ngress. which
’pe'd elect.

,4

tailors: the Vote for not muttering
enough support for the bill and said.
“I have no intention of scheduling
I48. ldon't think the Senate will act
on it either.“ _

4 And. in a later postmortem.

r O‘Neill said the leadershipapparent-v

ly 'was persuaded to rush. the bill
through by some optimistic reports
from labor. He vowed that won't
happen again. “It‘s an old rule of
politics that you should not ﬁeld the
team unless you will win." the
speaker lamented.

Contractors. home builders and
right-to-work advocates were
among the grotips that mounted
what O‘Neill described as the most
intensive lobbying effort be had ever
seen. "My office alone received 50.-
000 letters."

The piekcting bill. which would
hate allowed workers on strike
against one subcontractor to picket
the cntirejobsitc. was rejected bythc
House on a vote of 2|7 to 205.

Nudes Censored
From Newspaper

ItIllfiI-lNl-I. Ore. (Al’) Officials at the
University of Oregon have changed
their minds about distributing [.000’
copies of the school‘s newspaper to
parents and Iiigh school students on

 
 

“Oregon Preview Day" this
weekend.
The reason: Photos of ntidc

models in a university art class: ‘

The school had ordered l.000 ex-
Irn copies of l‘riday‘s issue of the
Orcgort Daily Emerald for distribu-
tion to parents and high school
students who were on campus fortlic
gel-acquainted program. It wasjust
coincidence. said Emerald managing
editor Wally Henson. that the issue
included photographs of two nude
models. one a frontal shot ol'a maii.

“It wasn't anything that was in-
tended to exploit men or to thwart
the university administration‘s
preview day." Iienson said. “It's a
pretty bonal‘ide example of college
life. It‘s a class.“

Pete Seeger to
Play Swrday

Pele Secger.’ environmentalist.
will play the part of l'olksinger Sun-
day night at 7 pm. at SUNYA‘s gym
in an “evening of cntertaitirnerit and
education" with author harry Corti-
moncr. Commoner hits written
many articles and hooks on a
number of environmental concerns.
Sceger currently is associated with
the sloop Clearwatcr Hudson River
pollution concern project. Tickets
will be $3.50 for the evening and will
be available at the door.
————.—.

NOTICE
The SUN YA lliis (irievanee Corri-
ntittcc will hold a meeting at Water-
btiry llnll's innin lounge on Sunday
at 7:00 pm. The pttblie is invited to
attend.
_—_—__

CORRECTIONS

In liiesday's .AISI‘. the soloin "tiym-
iiopetlies" should have been credited
lti oboeisl Randall liliis.

Iii "Compromise Seen on Pot
Reform." the penalty for a (‘iuss ll
misdemeanor should" have been
given as 90 days itijail or it fine.

 

Minimum Wage to It _

wssumoroa (AP) The Carter administration'recommended today [hm
the minimum wage be increased 20 cents an hour as of July l, 50 cents shun
of the proposal by the AFL-CIO. The administration also proposed that the ’
minimum wage be tied in the future to a set percentage of average
manufacturing wages. Labor Secretary Ray Marshall told a House Labor
Standards subcommittee that the Carter administration proposes increasing
the $2.30 an hour minimum wage to $2.50 an hour as of July 1. The
administration also proposed that beginning in July I978 and each year
thereafter the minimum wage be set at 50 per cent of the average straight-
time. hourly wages of manufacturing workers. This proposal in known as
indexing. The AF L-ClO had recommended a $3.00-an-hour minimum Wage
immediately upon enactment of the bill eith indexing beginning January
i978 at 60 per cent of the average manufacturing worker‘s wagc‘

Another Mistaken Identity Reported

WASHINGTON (AP) The Pentagon Wednesday reported a second UN: ni
mistaken identity among the remains of l2 men handed over b_\ in.»
Vietnamese government as U.S. war casualties. identification expert. It“...
discovered that remains listed by the Vietnamese as Air l-‘orcc tarp.
Lawrence H. (iolberg of Cloquet. Minn.. actually were those oi I,l i’ntrict
E. Wynne of Satellite Beach. Fla. Wynne was a crewman on it” l-lt'
Phantom jet flown by (iolberg when the plane was shot down on Aug. it.
who. Both (jolbergnnd Wynne were carried as missing iii action. Wynny'.
status waschanged on May 28. I974. to presumed dead. At the some lltllt'. the
Pentagon said it has been determined that the remains idcllllilcti ht tin-
Vietnnmese as Air Force Maj. Curtis E. Eaton of Wakefield. RI . arc itol
those of Eaton but “appear to be those of a Vietnamese,“

Javits to Propose A Permanent Tax Cut
WASHINGTON (AP) Sen. Jacob Javits. R-N.Y.. said Thursday he \till
propose a permanent tax cut as an alternative to the Carter tldnlilllhlliilltitl's
$50 rebate plan when the economic stimulus package reaches the Senate floor
next week. An aide to Senate Minority Leader Howard Baker. R- | enn ...nd
.lavits was chosen by (iOl’ leaders because he has the respect of Iii.tt\\
'i)cmoerats who have doubts about President Carter‘s rebate plan \t-nntc
sources. id that Sen. Carl Curtis. R-Neb.. was asked by the (if )I' legiticis in
joiti in cosponsoriiig the plan to avoid-offending him. Curtis is the mating
minority member onthe Senate Finance Committee. Sen. .lohn (' i):iltltlflli.
R—Mo.. another member of the Finance..Comn1ittec who has been .it’lllt‘h
promoting a permanent tax cut. will also sponsor the amendment

Committee Appoints Flaherty tor Deputy

WASHINGTON (AP) A Senate committee today ttpprtitcd i'llliiililtjlt
Mayor Peter S. Finherty to be deputy attorney general. despite nppmtonn
from some civil rights groups critical of his views on school busing. I In» only
dissenter in fire voice vote by the Senate Judiciary Committee \\.i\ \tn
Howard Met/.enbaum. 'D-Ohio. who said he nevertheless exputetl the
Senate to confirm the nomination. It now goes to the full \cnntr,
Mctzcnhtium said he was disttirbcd by. testimony that I'IitItL'tH Il.iti
advocated defiance of the law to prevent desegregation of the i’tlhitllfilil
schools. “All of us must conform with the law.“ he said. I‘iililL‘llL Ill Ill\
testimony before the committee. denied he had urged defiant-t- of tin' |.n\
Rather. he said. he had opposed “massive school busing.“

Puopole Killers Proven Guilty

BOSTON (AP) A jtiry convicted three Boston men \\'erlnc\rl.r\ 'lt t::'
stabbing deuth.ol Harvard football player Andrew l’tiopolc tlltl IIiL' -I '- it' ”
the city’s "adult entertainment“ district. Leon l-Zasterling. l-du.n.l l won
and Richard S. Allen were found guilty oi first-degree murder. a in. it. or..-
a maximum penalty of life Ill prison. Superior Court .ltitlgt- Int: I’m
imposed life. Iinsterling. 4|. and Snares. 33. were also found tiltlif‘.  .l~ » ti'
and bttttcry with a dangerous weapon. liasterling was ilL'L‘ltwti ttl -‘ t‘iii'
Thomas .1. Lincoln. 23. a companion of I'tiopole. and Stunt-s t»: r r
l’tiopole illlti Lincoln. Allen. inwasaequiltcd ofassault and butt. t . t “t It ‘

New State Budget to Reach $11.5 B
Al.llANV.N.Y.iA|’) Upstate Republican senatorsabandoned tIn-n in Mt i t'
cuts Ill welfare grants on Thursday. apparently reniovrngthc |.i\l .ttv w.‘ '~
final agreement on a new state budget of nearly $| L5 hiiilflll Int  
plan. which is expected to be enacted next week in time for the iit'l'H‘“  "1
the new “Mini year on Friday. April I. will include the first min. two ill
income-tax rates for New Yorkers in decades and some this fit Ito-.tnm
taxes as Well. As details ofthc final budget deal were leaked iillll \ti.l\ tt \i-o
clear that pressure-group politics in the legislature had formed (mt Hus"
Carey'tongrcc to restorations of many ofthe cuts he ltad proposed lll \tlltltli
uitl. aid to local governments. tuition assistance. drug treatman “vii-ll“
grants and other favored programs. i

Quinlan to be Removed from Office

ALBANY.  (AP) (iov. Ilugii L. Carey initiated remmal l"‘""““'””‘
lhursdny’ugainst Dutchess (.‘ounty Sheriff Lawrence M. QIHHIIHL k IMIFI'W'
him With tixingtraliie tickets and disiiiissiiigdrttnk driviiigcases irll P‘"”'“ll
and personal friends. tirnong other things. A state trooper subnntit-rt the
charges find specifications prepared by the State Investigation t‘rnnrnmnin
f0 Quinlnn‘s l'onghkeepsie attorney. Peter Mnroulis curly Itnnad-n
afternoon. on the order of the governor. The SIC had conducted a will '“W
Prf’bclol Quinlan rind charged him with fixing numerous cases an M“ i“
being involved in the apparent illegiil sale ofconfiscated weapons-

 

MARCH 25. 1977

 

 

 

 

 

Composite oi a subject who harmud SUNYA grad student. Any .
Information concerning him will be kept confidential and should be

 

directed to office investigator Gary O'Connor at 457-8204.

Group Plans Fund-Raising ‘Fast’

by Brian Cahill

Every day. more than l0.000 peo-
ple around the world die from
malnutrition.

This alarming statistic has provid-
ed lhe impetus for a group of con-
cerned SUNYA students to organize
a program aimed at the problem of
world hunger. The group. called
People And Food. is working with
the Syracuse office of crop. an
organization which provides self-
help projects for victims of poverty
and disaster.

“The problem of feeding the
hungry people of the world is
critical." according to Lynn Friedcll.
publicity chairperson of People And
Food. “but they are complicated."

Part of the work of People And
Food is making those solutions less
complicated. On April 22 and 23 the
group is sponsoring a "Fast for the

    

H ungry". which will raise money for
self-help projects both abroad and at
home. According to Friedell. the
fasters will solicit donations on a per
hour basis.

“At present. our goal is $10.000.
We realize that may be a littlctoo op—
timistic.“ she said. “but it is the only
way to approach the problem."

Of the total donations they expect
to receive. the group will give 75 per
cent to nations abroad. The remain-
ing 25 per cent will be given to a
hunger lighting agency here in
Albany.

The coordinator ofthe group is Ed
Griffin. a SUNYA senior. He is
pleased with the level ofintercst that
students have exhibited. but also
noted that the level of awareness on
the problem‘s complexity-is low.

Sixty-five people have already
signed up to participate in the fast.

a. , . .

 

dorslty

A new Italian-American Studies course will be the locus of a
symposium. according to Italian Studies Chairman Augustine thelli.

SUNYA Police Await

by Mary Anne Bukolt

While Ulll\t.‘l‘Siiy Police await the
arriuil of three new patrol cars. the
difficulties in keeping the present
cars in \\orbitigtondilioii mount tip.
i til OVCI' il “CUTE IIU\\'. UIIU car THIS
not been Ill working order and for
thr |t.’|\f too months at least two
itillt: c.l|\ have been alternately otit
lII .tittiltitsslrilt
:‘titliiit‘r With the tiirec cars
not. . mgr-d fioni minor to major
tiliit' tilt-e. "You nnriie it. it's wrong
uizrt ttr-rn “ Milli Captain Ralph
Niliit’

't . of i cbruarylirst. thrcc replace-
lIiL'III cats were due. but. Miller said.
lite) hadn‘t been shipped until
i‘chitlat’y th. lltetr arrival date is un-

known.

University Police receives its fun-
drnglrom the State Office of(icncra|
Ser vices. While three cars have been
unreliable for several months now.

MARCH 25, 1977

state regulations will not permit the
replacement of police cars that have
been driven less than 75.000 miles.
nccordingto Miller. Miller. saidthat
figure is misleading because it only
takes into consideration “rolling
miles". giving no indication of the
long “idle miles" that the engines
must also endure while an officer
writes tickets.

Miller said that each of the cars
that are being replaced huvc 120.000
to l30.000 rolling miles alone on
their odometers and he estimates
flint an additional 60,000 idle miles
could be added on to each of the
odometer readings.

For economy purposes. the State
is replacing the three cars which are
I973 or 74 AMC Matadors with
1977 AMC Hornets. a much smaller
and less powerful model. Miller an-
ticipates a bit of trouble on this
point. “The cars are too small for one

' -;by'Tl|0lllllMﬂl’I of, ' v

‘  University Polieeare‘searchingfor'

. ». aman.who tied upafemalegradttate ’
. student with rope «against-her will.

Monday ’; in  the -- Social Sciences

‘Btiildingafter convincing berthat he

was a photography student and
needed her aid in a project.

“He approached the grad student '

on Monday at the Campus Center."
said Investigator Gary O'Connor
"He said that he was ‘a-photography
student and that he needed a model
to pose as a secretary fora project he
was doing.“ .

The student. whom O'Connor
described as being “extremely
naive.“ agreed to meet the subject
(later that evening) in front of the

The group is expecting a turnout of
around 200.

The fast will last from Friday at
6:00 pm. until Saturday at 6:00 pm.
Those participatingin it will bespen-
ding much of their time in the
Colonial Quad Penthouse where

People And Food will present a-

series of lectures. discussions groups

and seminars that focus in on the ,

crisis of world hunger. The lecturers
include Professor John Aronson of
the SUNYA Chemistry Department

who willtalk about the physiology of I

malnutrition.

  

nothing peculiar abo
said O'Connor i

“Al‘ter‘the ton as promised-i *'

Sciences buildingthe subject told her-
.thut the project entailed a secretary

who had been kidnapped. tied up "

and rescued."
Something Wrong

“They wentinto one of the ofﬁces
on the second floor of the Social
Sciences building. She wouldn't let
him close the door or put the rope on
tight. When he pulled out an in-
stamatic camera. she though
something was wrong. After taking
some pictures. be tied the ropes tight.
immobilizing her. He closed the
door and dragged her to the back of
the room.“ '

O'Conner said that when the stu-
dent managed to free herself of the
gag she had on. she screamed and he
subsequently untied her.

“What he had in mind is open to
conjecture." said O‘Connor

Responding to the screams wcrc
Psychology Assistant Chairperson
Louise Tornator. Psychology
Professor Richard Teevan and the
night janitor.

“We heard screaming." said Tour-
nutor. “When we got there she was
on the floor and he was heat over
hcr~he must linvc been untying

 

   

tionsﬁjésaid O'Connor “He w
ing things like she had agree

' . "He was yelling at her.” said

nator. "They were arguing abo t
camera and.the film."   .
According to O‘Connor the

suspect stepped on the camera. ex- .

posing the ﬁlm and left. ,. I

“In fact.“ said Tournator. “He.
walked away and she went after him.
Most people believed that they knew
each other.". '   - t

"We don‘t think he‘s a student.
She said that he seemed unfamiliar
to conversation about the school.“

'O'Connor also said that the
suspect probably asked more than
one student to help him with the
“project.” ,

“if he talked one girl into it. he
must have approached four or five
others who said no to him."

According to O‘Connor the sub-
ject is described as a white nitric of
medium btiild. about five feet eight
inches tall with brown straight hair.
fair btit pockmarkcd complexion
and about 25-30 years of age. He
called himself ".loltti". according to
O‘Connor. O‘Connor said that any
information will be kept in strict
confidence and should be directed to
him at 457-8204.

Italian Courses , Will be Added .

by Jonathan Hodges

SUNYA‘s Italian Studies depart-
ment will  hosting a symposium
next week to announce the birth of
new Italian American Studies
courses to be offered next year.

The announcement of this new
program marks a major emphasis
change for the small Italian Studies
department that was slated for
elimination last year. Only a last
minute appropriation by the State
legislature was able to save the
department's undergraduate
program.

Because Italian Studies needed only
$45.000 of $l50.000 appropriated.
questions arose at the beginning of
this year concerning the fate of the
remainder of the money.

“Because of a confusing
paragraph in the Executive Budget.“
said SUNYA Vice President for
Business and Finance John liar-
tigan. “it was erroneously thought

New Cars

thing. For another. they'll never last
with the speed bumps."

The University Police provide 24
hour motoriled patrol service to
both the down and uptown cam-
puses. They are concerned mainly
with vehicular safety. trufﬁcenforcc-
ment and monitoring parking lots
for the University Community. They
maintain five automobiles. including
two patrol ears. two cars for in-
vestigative purposes and one for
supervision.

Under this system there is usually
one car in reserve for the motorized
patrol against the contingency of
automotive difficulties. Without this
reserve car. and given the dubious
condition of at least two other
vehicles. tltere is sortie strain on the
motor-oriented activities of the
'Campus Police.

“Heaven only knows when they'll
(the new cars) get here.“said Miller.

that the remaining Sl05.000 had
gone to fund the public policy
centers. We never touched the
money. We couldn't have even if We
wanted to." According to Hartigan.
the administration is unclear where
the legislature received the $150,000
figure.

"To fund Italian Studies at the
level it had been funded the ycar
before. only $45,000 was needed.“

said Hartigan. “I doubt ifthc Divi- '

sion of the Budget would have
released any more money if' we had
asked for it."

Italian ('ulture

The move to add ltalian American
courses to the department‘s
curriculum is one that Italian
Studies Chairman Augustine Zitelli
welcomes.

“Most Italian American students
are not only interested in the italian
language but in the ltalian cu ture."
said Zitclli. “So far the response has

University Police are awaiting the arrival of new patrol can while the

been great. If it continues. we hope
to expand."

For the moment the
Studies undergraduate program
seems secure. but the graduate
program is scheduled to be suspend-
ed for next year.

“The graduate program isn't being
eliminated. just suspended.“ said
Zitelli. “If and when there is a de-
mand by students for a Masters
program. it would then be re-
started.“

SUNYA Vice President for
Academic Affairs David Martin
added that the graduate program
find not been “dc-registered" but
only temporarily discontinued.

"We took; look at the amount of
students enrolled in the graduate
program and decided it just wasn‘t
worth it." said Martin. He added
that the' new
Studies might eventually expand to
become an interdisciplinary major.

  

 

\roic

‘ old one: give them problems.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE THREE

Italian '

Italian American'

 

  

 
  
  

    

._..e .......-A‘-‘,«

_‘...«-.

LL-L'r

 

 

‘2‘..-»

 

 

