 

\ t
ﬁt

was“ <

-,—s' W" W‘ are:

4;

 

Produced and Directed by Roger Gravel
starring

MONTY PYTHON:

; ' John Cleese, Michael Palin, Graham Chapman, Carol Cleveland, Terry Gilliam, Terry Jones

BEYOND THE FRINGE:
Peter Cooke, Jonathan Miller, Alan Bennet

and THE GOODIES

 

 

 

147....”

 wave ? ,5 names

THURSDAY
OCTOBER 2
7:30“

. 10:00.
LC - '1

 

$.75 W/t.e.c.car
$1.25 W/OIII

THURSDAY NIGHT

ROCE E DS
T0 TELETHON ‘

 

 

 

 

Publish or Perish!

by Bruce ('ronln

The University at Albany is becoming less
and less a place for students to learn. interact.
and develop. and more of a publishing house.
As professors are increasingly pressured to
publish. teaching and interaction with
students is becoming an unimportant
secondary goal. As a result. the quality of
undergraduate education is rapidly
deteriorating.

In order for students to botlt receive quality
education and learn in art atmosphere of
interaction. a profe ' "or must be able lodevote
much of his energies to preparing courses and
relatittg to students. Students should be given
a more active role in the learning process. and
it would necessitate that professors devote
more of their energies toward education.
rather than publishing. Professors who spend
most of their time publislting or researching
cannot be accessable to relate with students.
nor develop quality course work.

Some professors wish to devote most of
their time and energy to researching and
publishing. but tnaity more are told to publish
or perish. As a result. sortie of our best faculty
are denied tenure. or have their lines cut. while
some of our worst are retained because they
are good researchers. Hence. faculty and
programs can rise and fall. not on their
educational quality. but on their publishing
record.

Even those good faculty members who are
retained are pressured to devote more time to

publishing than education. Consequently.

independent study. interpersonal relations
with students. and other items beneficial tothe
learning process are stifled.

’lhe administration has the bureaucratic
interest of prestige and the political interest of
acting as a “think tank“ for other interests.
1 herefore. administrators are more interested

/ BililSil Import

(‘74

in producing renowned faculty and
publications than in quality education. ‘

Students. again. end up as the losers. The
faculty. too. is hurt. as their tenure and
programs count. _not on quality education.
or ability'to relate with students. but on how
many articles they publish. This puts
tremendous pressure on faculty members. but
it is the students who must ultimately suffer.
both educationally and socially. in terms of
the educational environment.

As bureaucrats. administratorstend tolook
more toward efﬁciency and prestige than in a

 

 

creative and qualilyrleurning process. Thus.
the educational and intellectual needs of the
students are not considered very important.

As the demand for publishing rises. the
drive for quality education diminishes.
Undergraduates are pushed through their four
years. with little regard for the quality of the
learning process. Since students(and basically
faculty) have no control over the learning
process. the interests and goals of
administrators dominate the educational
system. Thus. other outgrowths. such as poor

‘academic advisement for students. occur.

. ,. 3,
Clearly then, administrators care thong
about their own bureaucratic‘interestii than 
maintaining qualityfeducatitm. Thefpresent‘
system functions to produce ,“seholar’s?” who
v, justify arid preserve the present social order.
'l‘hus. administrators serve both bureaucratic
and ideological interests. Both students and ,
faculty are hurt by this. as undergraduate
education becomes a secondary goal. As
students and faculty are the ones actually
involved in the learning process. it is they who
must redefine the goals and interests set 
administrators. 

 

Towards Being More Responsible

by Mike Lissner
and I~'red Brewington

As spokespersons for Central Council. it is
our responsibility to inform arid relay
inlormation to the student body. Central
Council is the legislative branch of Studettt
Association. It is Council's role to distribute
the student tax and propose policies on
student related activities.

In recent years council has failed to function
as an effective representative body. this year.
in an attempt to increase efficiency. we have
introduced a program of expertise which
requires cacti Central Council member to
involve and familiari/e themselves in a given
area of the university.

The areas of expertise are as follows:
University Areas
l. Media (Contmunieatioiii-.4SP. W(‘I)B.
’l ower 'lribune. SA Newsletter. (John
Shurkey. Debby Lyon. Meg McAneneyl
ll. Health Service-Inﬁrmary. 5 Quad. Related
services. i.e.. Women’s llealtlt Center. (Roni
Stern)

III. Security-Lampus Security. Relations to
Albany l’oliee. Escort Service. (l‘red
Brewington)
IV. Student Affairs-Dean llrown (all related
problems) this is a key position. (Iiill llaycs.
Dave (iross)
V. Senate-academic. (liob (ietman)
Student Affalrs
l. Budgetary Process-within the Uniwrsity
structure and SA. (Steve .I’ass)
ll. UAS-mainly referring to Food Service and
the Campus Center. will also include work in
Housing. (Abbie Havkins. Mark Kirsch)
III. Affirmative Action minority problems.
(Dianne l’iche. Debby Raskin. llill ('olliusl.
IV. SASU-statewide organization. (Dave
Weintruub. Rob Shanahan)
\. Unioni/ation-at Albany. this position will
tie in with SASU.
VI. Groups-all SA I‘unded (iroups. (lirttcc
I’laxen. Mike Lissner)

to follow up on issues discussed iii last
i/veeks column. We are proud to report that

. construction has begun and W('I)Bis rapidly

 

Special Purchase
of British Imports

i.i tin

 

OCTOBER 18. 1977

WE GOV OUR
MUSIC TOGEllIER.

Hundreds of Titles
Quantities Limited - 5 Days Only!

211 Central Ave.

l
JIIIII|1II'\

approaching its FM debut.

the CD'IA bus issue is still very much on
everyone‘s mind. On Thursday Oct. 20. the
student members of the bus committee are
sponsoring a CD'I A awareness day. There will
be a series ol protests and a lttnelteon in honor
at our green has litre drivers. We urge all
students to cometotlte pat roon rootn andjoin
with us to show ottr support for the students
behind the ('l)'lA light.

l'lte legal service task force report was
delayed a week and we will hopefully recieve
the report during Wednesday‘s Central,
Council meeting. _’

'l banks to the ltard work of internal affairs;
the stipend policy" has been passed attd all
groups will have the opportunity to request a‘.

t

stipend for services rendered to the sehooh -__

 

 

Our congratulations go to the winners OE
last week‘s Central Council elections. Noij
that council is once more at its full strength we;
hope to eontiitue headingin a student oriented-
direction. .‘

   
 

 
 
 
 

 
 

 

Albany

. ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

     
 

 

 

  
      
 
 

 

