  
 
  

   

  

  

  
  
    
 

 

around to West. whose decision not to "double is
debatable; since North-South could-not possibly have
more than 2|: or 22 high card points. even if East‘s
opening bid was shaded. However. West justified his

V About-Garcia 

By BARBARA HARSHMAN
The.director of the Coreoran Art Gallery in
Washington D.C..was in Albany last week tojudge the
University-Wide Student Exhibition at the State
University (SUNYA) Art Gallery. R‘oy Slade arrived at
the gallery ona Saturday morning. puncluully at 1 I200.
He Started working immediatelyJHis job was to
select a small traveling exhibition from the loft art
works sent to SUNYA from 29 state schools. He

  
 
  
      

   

 

  

ace of hearts and continue with. the heart jack.
Assuming declarer'ducks. West carefully overtakes the
jack with his queen and continues the suit. forcing
South’s king. Declarer could now cash his five

 

  
  
  
   
  
 

 

 

 

diamond tricks and take the sueccssful spade finesse
for eight tricks. but he must yield the rest ofthe tricks
to the defense and be satisfied for down one.

 

  

 
 

\‘ i.)
I ',

 

service in a very efficient manner and that they are able
to obtain quality food at a reasonable price. since they
are dealing in such large volume. Many brand-name
contmoditics are used. and apparently UAS is a very
good customer. as many companies express an interest
in doing business with them.

Zahm feels that “With the money we get. we try to
make it go as far as we can". aitd UAS could not buy
better quality food with the available resources. There
is an attempt to eliminate nonsense items which are
unnecessary and add on to the spiraling cost of food.
With food prices continually going up. it gets
increasingly difficult to keep the cost to the student
down. This winter‘s brutal effect on fruits and
vegetables. combined with the drought in the west and
the rising cost of»cnergy is not‘a‘go'mg-Tto help matters
any. Although no price hike for next year isprojected.
UAS'resiérvesiehe-irright 'towraise the‘bourd rate in
January if it is deemed necessary.

5

 UAS Sangria

 

dissatisfied. but as of now this system appears to be
acceptable the way it is. A suggestion such as the
creation of a genuine vegetarian plan where
nutritionist Barbara Taylor could advise vegetarians
on what to eat to stay healthy. could be recommended
to accotnmodatc the growing number of vegetarians
on campus. Students must voice their views if they
want changes to occur. There are some options
available to students who are vehemently opposed to
what they are ingesting into their bodies. Zahm is very
receptive to new ideas if they can be implemented
within UAS‘s financial limitations.

UAS monitors all that goes on within the food
service. There are many misconceptions about how the

' ' stood-is prepared which helps no one. Food is not stored

for weeks before it is served, and all food is prepared
- and cooked at the kitchens oneuch Quad. on the day it
is scheduled to be served. Directions are seitt out to

  

 
 

 
 

  
     
    
     
      
   
  
  

  

other schools or have eaten army slop. it is unfair to
degrade the quality of the food we are served. From
personal experience. it is obvious that our food plan
stacks up nicely when compared to similar plans.
There is not much one can say to make the food we
eat on campus taste better. but we should strive to
allow our complaints to be heard. for they are our only
means of change. If some aspect of the food plan
bothers you. you should attend the meetings of the
Food Committee on your quad. There. qualms are
sympathetically vicWed by UAS and are dealt with as
best they can. But if it makes us feel better. it is nice to
know that those iii charge are attemptingto please the
(in-campus students. within their limitations. by
presenting us with art inexpensive food plan that has
much to offer. As Zahm summed it up.“We are always
looking to save a' good buck. so we in turn can pass the
savings on to the students."

 

     
 
 
 

 

, W I By ALAN ALPER As of. right now there are no‘ landmark changes
1. .. K It is very obvious that serving food to the 5,600 on- s‘cheduied‘for next year because Zahm feels that
campus students is an extremely tall order. or course. ,students are generally satisfied with how the food
Q VQ10719 6 4 V A the concoctions we eat are not the most scrumptious ‘- service is run. Each Quad has a food committee where 1
nd eventually the 9 2:0 7 [I I ( z i 5 3 delights ever prepared, but it's nice to .know that students canairtlieirviewsaboutthe foodthattheyare V
of, hem”, f0 hi, A cmb lead O south _ althoughthere are always some problems With the food bemg served. Each cafeteria has a beef board where
- . m . _ k  d d E {k w t witch. . A Q9 plan,there are some concerned members on the Board student complaints can be turned in. UAS is very
. 1 , (qutc‘i‘ititxia cusp ayipreii‘vr e Eats. :0 hit 0 s d_ ,t . K 5 3 of Directors of UAS who want to please the students. receptive to constructive criticism.and Zahm feels that
W n wrouﬂd,  the o n. a“; (fume - ;'  I. \ nth: ; h d, w I a have ‘J 9.4 but students must recommend which changes are back. The main dilemma is that studentsdo not permit
'8' mi March: 12" ‘ P'e 9‘, . . f‘ ﬁzsély°iigfsiaﬁgle . ingkse oesn a rea y , . r N ' necessary in order to make dining more tolerable. UAS to become aware of their gripes which does not - univolty ,, .1. n, .
rebiddab 1‘ 'it-card suit. East Opened on: ' :West'Should ha caliz’ed that declarer was well  1433;322:2831} gaming??? szlnager or-U/ﬁ’   Eroxlcm‘ survcals arehsem out m F°°d "M" “mm” m ' f." "mm" "mm!"
.‘ ‘ borderline hand..South. with good prepared for a spade leadﬁin view of his direct n04 The BMW"; board we of tth Unisershyoto 11h: [3:0 zip gemsgrat: like to eat a: trerids :hifiilggi to re w'w m smdems "no".an to UAS comm “an...” Home" 2mm.
cont;gl;.ﬁ;t:;:: I‘l'lhcastllilyell); iiigggfssgygeoazgo;  [2:321]:  :i‘issesrgﬂﬁyzy; railezzgstzlfﬂhzzz Norm University System. Although the only aspect or each Zahm suggests that the food plan at this University is . inform the chefs on how to prepare the food. Director
.  ,-  . - n . _ ‘ v . v _. . .V . ..—— .1 ‘ school that was compared was the actual cost of the the “cheapest to the student. wherein return he gets as of Contract Food Services Ron I .
gamgakrtﬁ‘tge:gﬁztglyvﬁzhfozgsﬁr It: :aaigﬁpooiig:sima:;t;h‘zé iirctglgscighzr 52:23:18233: was, 3 nonrum Eds, food planto the student'the statistics Show Albany in a much as he wants." If students feel that they are being continually makes the rounds of all th: tititcf'ii‘.‘i'iiisthr; =
worth. more points. very importaiit at matchpoint points in spades West shduld havetried his fourth best has“ I I Spade iiﬂvombleligm' SUNYA’which one” 20 menlsawe“ “mic? or“ may do .nm realize mm “my do get make 5"” everyihing is 80mg SmOOIhIY- Zahmvstates 
scaring. Mm WWt passed‘ North in search of“ .top heart hopingm'ﬁnd partnerwitheithe'rmeace m. king pass 50th pass in comparison to 19 at other schools, and allow for unlimited seconds and in actuality do not pay for meals that “We do the best we can to make sure that the \. ‘-'
score. made thc'dislinct overbid 'ofv'h'ree no‘trump. in mg! suit Even il. East had as “me “me heartjack ' "(Hrumn unlimited seconds. only charges $730. which ranks in that they miss. The board rate is discounted at certain' meals students are served are properly prepared and ?
south's bid promised [643 points therefore the wesy‘wouky not be giving anything away and would b; pa“ ire bottloem third piiice-wise. Now what does this mean? amount basedl oln the assumption that students do not are nutritious.“ ‘
 . ’ .v . . .' . . ’ ‘ rc we in serve lesser ualit food or is UAS vcr cal cvcr mca Hat is offered. lft r ' " “1 ~ ‘ ' '~ -- t - ‘ ‘ ‘ ~' '- ' -
pannemhlp mum have a; mos} 24‘c:$bmed pmmsd" .on the'road m esmblwhmg three hcan m?“ ior the Opening Lead: Jmk Of Spades good at strcgtchingithe dolliir'? y y th bouild rule would have to bch:lcfs;vil:l;ot::::iii1ti noi'iisl  fili‘iislfirii   i r' "‘
same .lisua'ly “Wiring 6 Pomls- '5 was Passe defense. I“ the “Will “HIP. 585‘ WWW Wm Wlihthc ‘ Zahm seems to feel that UAS operates the food dollars. According to Zahm there are some options certainly is not as delicmusasyourgrandmothcr's hut ti}
which could be instituted to please those that are we must be realistic. Until you have eaten the food at i'

  

 

worked conscientiously; it took him more than two
and alhalf hours to select the 36 works that will

 

represent the students of the New York State system.
He looked at each work for a long time. He pulled
paintings off the wall. lined them up in different
arrangements; commented on his desire to assemble a
“single. consistent statement." .

Slade took his assignment seriously but maintained
a loose sociability. Although he commanded the

and endearing smile seemed to temper his no-nonsense
tone. T.

When the selection process finally came to an end.
Slade talked about art. the traveling show. and the
reasons for his choices. “Whenl selected the show I
selected those quiet. simple. c0nsistent paintings. And
whether they Were ttbstract or realistic. i picked them
because of their consistency. You know. people say.
“How do you select a work of art—what standards do
you use'." That is a very complex issue and as i try to say
in my written statement. it‘s a considered
choice . . . it‘s a personal preference. Yet ldo think
that that personal preference does reflect what i had to
choose from.“ '

_ Diversity

Slade said that he was impressed by the diversity of
both style and achievement in the entire student
showing. He elaborated. "There is a tremendous
variety ofwork. The potential ofthe diverse interests is
considerable. What art education can do at this point is
to try to make students sensitive to their own abilities.
give them the visual language and the technical abilities
to deal with their own forms of expression."

When asked whether or not he thought the student
show reflected what is going on in the art world today
he said that “the show reflected the kind of tremendous
polarity that exists at the moment. We are going
through a period of simultaneous assimilation and
revisionism. We are not going through a period of
‘new‘. Newness for newness‘ sake is over with."

He continued. “The whole point that‘s got to be
made is that there is a tremendous potential inherent in

greater individuality. Now. that makes greater
demands for the young artist because there is no
guiding movement, ho. bandwagon. So one is
dependent upon oneself."

He went Oh to describe his vision of art's future. “The

 

w

I‘XGE‘EA'

situation authoritatively. his charming British accent‘7

art today and I think that we are entering a period of

 

Director of the Corcoren Art Gallery. Roy Slade, traveled from Washington 0.0. to select as
winning art works from a slate-wide student exhibition held at SUNYA.

last part of this century. in painting particularly. is
going to be a much greater depth ofart that draws from
so many different sources that it will become a
kaleidoscopic juxtaposition of many potentials.“

As the director ofthe Corcoran. one ofthe most vital
institutions showing contemporary American art.
Slade is extremely adept at talking about the state of
art today and the art school‘s relationship to its future
artists. He was adamantly against a pragmatic
approach; he thought that teaching students to prepare
themselves for the New York art market. gallery scene
was an appalling idea. He said. “i think to aim students
toward the idea oi going to New York and having
exhibitions or creating work with the idea of having
exhibitions is absolutely terrible.“

(Photo by Lindsey Watson)

Slade believes that art schools should instead ll) in
educate the individual through keeping aloe lllL
creative pulses and the innovative lndcpclitlt‘llt‘t' uI
society. “i feel that what one does is to edncaic lllt'
individual. who. through art realizes his role \\Illi||l
society is a very important one. It is to protect lllt'
values of the individual creative spirit which .nt
nurtures and furthers.“ He emphasized his poilti In
stating that “the only thing that counts is quailin It I\
the quality ofcommitmcnt. the quality ofintegriiy . lllt'
quality of involvement. The thing that the artist has in
concentrate on is his own integrity. and that‘s all inn
matters. The artist hits to gain self-respect and lL‘.lll/t‘
that the profession of the artist is one of lltil‘tlll|\ .liltl
dignity.

 

 

All People Interested In Writing
For Aspects 0r Weekend

Attend A Meeting This Sunday At 7:00 pm. In 
(Present Writers Included!)
Assignments Will Be Given Out At This Meeting

For more iniormatloncontact Aspects Editor Marc Arkind
or Associate Aspects Editors Dorothy Zelin or Jon Penn at 457-2190.

 

 

‘Typical’ Love

By ELLIOT SCHER

As I. the typical. prepare to preregister for my third
year iii college. i find myself giving considerable
thought to what all this accumulated knowledge has
doiie for me. When i asked mymotherwhy i should go
to college. site told me that. after four years ofcollege.
I‘ll be able to answer any question someone on the
street might ask and that would be a very nice thing to
do. To this day. I am still waiting for someone to stop
me on the street and ask me to synthesize 4 — methyl — 2 -
pentciic.

I now realize that despite what my mother told me.
people in college couldn‘t care less about answering a
person‘s idiotic questions or correcting somcoiic‘s
trivial incongrtiitics. i am convinced that the only
reason people go to college. and for that matter any
type of scltool. is simply as a means to an end. the end
being happiness and pleasure

As I began givingthis newly found premise more and
more thought. I was amazed to find that while there are
a multitude of people using a multitude of means to
reach their eitd. the ends themselves are all vitually
identical and all center around that famous four letter
\tord called Ivoc.

Obviously. i am not the first person to draw this
conclusion. Many of our musicians. lyricists and poets
have donated a lifetime to describing. in detail. what
love really is. But no matter how much wetry. love will
always remain a vague concept. it's always around yet
it‘s never really there. it can take men willed of iron
and turn them to potty and can take the most
domineering woman and make her weep with tears. it
is probably the most painful feeling to live with and yet
none oi as Would really want to live without it. it is. to
say the least. confusing.

Despite my realization ofthe importance of love. not
a day goes by where i don't find myselfcasting it aside.

"(i or u tlllll‘ tonight typical?" I

"No, ['1] much rather catch Ilia late movie."

“Hey typical. wanna meet this girl I know?"

 

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT'PR'ESB  . ..

MARCH'25. '1977

L "No, l have I“ go study organic client."

MABCWMWy

 

l’sychologically. whenever someone asks me these
questions. I can hear my mind tryingto decide between
telling the truth or lying. On my right hand. i get
embarrassed. and on my left. i save the em barrassment
but refuse to acknowledge the way i really feel. My left
ltand always wins out.

True Feelings

There have been times when l have tried to face my
true feelings and orient myselfto what's really going on
around me. i divide my paper into two columns. one
being the way I really feel and the other being ways to
satisfy these feelings. Unfortunately. column one is
usually filled and column two is usually blank. i then
go outside. break a bottle or do something to release
my tension and start all over agaiti. By the end of the
day. l‘m left with a very dull pencil and a garbage pail
filled with paper. No matter what I try. itseems l‘m still
left with. the some hidden feelings i simply refuse to
face. And almost always. i still feel lonely.

Trying to cope with feelings of being alone is
sometimes. almost as difficult as the circumstance
itself. if i try to forch and turn oti the radio to rclax.l
hear Barry Manilow telling me that “this one's for me"
or Rod Stewart telling me that “tonight‘s the night."
On the tube. all i see is Donny and Marie smiling and
Cathy Hartman meetinga new boyfriend. ltseerns that
even if you want to get away front it. there's just no
place to go. And sometimes. knowing that it's all
around but that you‘re not involved is unbearably hard

BESS
 ilTil’JitEltLli

“:1 b if't

ALBA

._ *\d 44' fl " \ i ll
. ‘  ..

    

\\
\ A]

 

to face (Flush: Broken-hearted girl slashes wrist. Flash:
Love sick youth takes overdose).

Most of us. however. do manage. We bury ourselves
in our job or in our studies or in our identities and.
quite fortunately. it usually gets us through. But the
question to be answered is whether you want to spend
the rest of your life just getting through or do you want
to spend it being happy‘.’ Like most others. the typical
chooses happiness and so no matter ltow bad he feels.
he keeps oti moving and never forgets his goal.

i hope that people who read this article are not so

. inspired that they quit school and head westward in
search of true love and a cattle farm. Granted. IOVe isa
must but I realize now that true love can only be found
if one is secure enough iit his own ways to realize when
he has it.

If i don't meet that special someone and find out
what all those musicians are talking about very soon. i
won't feel too had for at least l've given it my best shot
and as far as lean see. there are plenty more shots to be
pulled.

'I‘ypicals may never have Farah Fawcett as a bed
partner but in the game of love. there really are no
typicals. Let them call you' a pervert for running after
girls and talking about sex. It may take awhile but as
long as you're in the game. you'll probably get what
you‘re after. And if all those musicians know what
they're saying. it‘s liable to be an experience you‘ll
never forget.

 

__J -

Phiidizfda;

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

  
  
 

 

Wﬁm....w~mw

—.. ' . ' ' " 

  

