 

 

 

 

 

Whenit’sﬁweekslntethe semester
and “books havejust arrived fora class M38
...it’s no toget filled up.

01916 the Mlltel Brewlna 00., Milwaukee. Wis.

Ut'i'ﬂtfl‘l. i l'lt" ill LI I '1 1- UIRI‘LLstAl

 

 

 

I d are easily be siphonedout.
'i s that many students on the

_' j  fate» to take strong action against other
' student V s results. in a board that is'overly lenient

and I pp reinforcet-he reputation circulating around
that the QJC is. as one student put it, “nothing't'o worry
abouts-‘1; ~

I “I think it's true, to a large extent, that students
hesitateto take strong action against other students
and I think it‘s to the students‘ discredit", said Miss
Pierce,- who acknowledged the existence of the
problem. “l'think it is'the member‘s responsibility to
act objectively.“

The major cause of this problem is that should the
board recommend official action be taken. notation is-
almost always made on the student's permanent
record; As a result; many judges hesitate in inflicting
such long lasting damage on a student, no matter how

These ASP editors elng wlth joy every tlme they
reeolve a letter-to-the-edltor. Make thelr day.
erte a letter to the ASP!

r———i-—————————————--————————-——————

Ei'Co-op Members-Next Week Only‘k i

sucha situation arose.. .‘ ‘ '

Solutions 'to this problem are not cicar cut;  a

“more responst lc breed” would clearly. help but I

imagine that even the most responsible judges Would"

have some reservations about voting for [the

suspension or dismissal of a fellow student. Clearly. ,

more consideration on this matter is needed.

Finally, the problem of differing amounts; of
experience among board members also presents
questions. Last year.‘for example. a total of thirty four
cases were brought before all the quad judicial
committees with State Quad hearing twelve. Colonial
Quad eleven, Indian seven, Dutch ﬁve and Alumni
zero! Reasons for this difference center around the fact
that each quad is composed of different types of
people, some apparently rowdier than others.
However, the crucial issue is not what causes this
difference, but rather what effects this difference will
have on the effectiveness of each board.

Obviously. some boards havs much more practical
experience than others. This, most likely, results in the
more experienced boards being more knowledgable of
the quad‘s procedural details in addition to these
boards having amore serious outlook on the
importance of the system as a whole. Indeed, I would

funded by student association I

Rye Flour 2 lb. bags-
10¢ Off with this coupon

I While Supply Lasts
l Limit 1 coupon per member

Baking Soda
10¢ Off with this coupon

Valid 3/7-3/II While Supply Lasts

Members Only I

Valid 3/7-3/ | I
Limit 1 coupon per member I

I Barbershop Food Co-op Members Only I Barbershop Food Co-op Mcmhcrs ()nly

Canned Asparagus

I Onions
lBuy 1 lb. free

I.
l - -. .
: 15¢ Off “1mm” coupon : Get 1  free with this coupon I

| While Supply Lasts
I Limit I coupon per member

Friday, March 4

valid 3/7-3/ll l While Supply Lasts

Valid 3/ 7-3/ H I
Limit I coupon per membe-r‘

4 P.M. to Midnight

' all your
[avarilc urns/s

c wry famous
ubcl

 

railiitr‘s

Monday and Friday Happy Hours 47 PM

Sunday 7-4 PM

SEE YOUR FAVORITE SHOWS

l“
l

' by two different students may result in odiffe
recommendations." While, at Mr. K has was
careful to point out. this can result from va'ria ,
the exact circumstances of the incidents or in the past
records of the students involved. it might also come
about because of the experience differentials we have
already discussed. " ‘ 3 "’. ’

A great many people would probably disagree with
me in calling these three points “weak spots? in' the
system. They would arguethat only a small percentage
of the students applyrto the board because of ulterior
motives and that differences in the experiences of the
QJC‘s does not lead to differences 'in their
effectiveness. To these persons, I can offer no rebuttal.

l have only attempted to take three points of the
system which I thought could lead to serious problems
and elaborate on them. Whether or‘ not someone
agrees that these points are potentially harmful is
debatable but most would not argue that they are all
worth discussing. In fact. if all questionable points
ivere brought out and discussed when they first became
evident. the system as a whole would prosper.

 

corner State and Lark Streets

lltlllm "5 \L'lll\ ?'\"» ll‘lll'x .llltl H HI)
kllllll lX‘t'l ‘5 lt'lll\ lllrlllL‘Nllr llulllL‘\ *5 \L'lll‘
\Hllt‘ M) ivlll».

. ~£.~.-.-m .l . xi

m‘m‘l‘v MM“ ‘5 HI'HN tllJll lK’L'l 1‘ Ll'lll\
tlUlllCHlt hulllcx Mt \L'lll‘

2 DRINKS
through March 11, 1977

ON OUR CABLE TV

 

Inventory
Series 6.98 LP" ‘ y

$.79”

Entire Inverntory
Series 7.98

. '/ ‘
g I. I
Jtt
3m“
to,“

{tn-tumult um \lln"

offering ol‘a short course in Maple Syrup Production on a
" ‘ . _ . . Small Scale during spring Vacation, 1977.

Short Course 9%

on
maple Syrup
PRODUCTION

Camp Dippikill Governing Board announces the

This three-day course (April 4—7) will be taught by Dr.

All musical categories including
Pop, Rock, Jazz, Country &
Western. Disco. Classical. Easy
Listening, Male and Female Vocal.

Soul. Instrumental. etc.

COLONI

M-

utual seat In».

haul-u mu

an amount
lu- u.

leeoldsllopel at Super Discount Prices hi: -

 

 

 

 

, ._.,,,.m—WiWM.m.m.-s _  s . ..

LWWW“... --—'-—.... _ ,

 

%

Richard '1'. Nelson, Camp Dippikill's manager, who has
been making syrup for the past 7 years. Students will
actually take part in syrup production plus learn all the
skills and techniques necessary to produce their own
maple syrup. The course is not geared for large scale
production but rather for a small homestead-sized
operation.

This ()credit course will only be open to students having
paid student tax duripg spring semester. I977, as the
course is sponsored by Student Association. Class size
will Be limited to to students with tuition and lodging
charges set at $26.00.

For further information and course registration, please
inquire at the Student Association office in C 346.

funded by student association R

 

 

4L

 

s—e 1 '

iyARCH 4. 1977

mas: 1T5 \

my...“ a. smema.  a. mauaaam

 

