ning to" live withoutsacc
f .

‘ talte nit 'ehanﬁ' i

: But sheaddcd: “I d

Gelardii‘of'tlllcll. , ,
Council. " an Atlanta-based trade
association of manufacturers of diet
pm“ ; . , . , .. g ‘

Dist foods are a SI-billion-a-year
htttiml. according to Gelardi. who
says that an estimated 10 per cent of
American lbmilies use some sort of

dietetic product. either because
family members are trying to lose
weight or are diabetic.

The FDA said it would consider
allowing ditbetics and others who
cannot eat augar to buy saocharin as

, n V .
going to be any major health crisis.”
Drl

“I
Most ’of the‘f‘tve million pounds of"
.. . . ﬂ

‘ mruned'ln the United
Slates-eath yesr- went into soft
drinks. Manufacturers say they will

.have reformulated. low-calorie

products ready for market bythe
time the sacchatin ban goes into
effect. v . V

The soda makers aren‘t saying
what they will put into their
products. but nutrition experts agree
that if you want sweet taste. you'll
hav: to have some form of sugar.

This does not mean that diabetics
and dieters will have to eliminate all
soft drinks or other products with
sugar. Dr.’tA|an Forbes of the FDA
said that most experts in treating

diabetes agree hat; I

and moderateuse" of sugar is“ low
ed. but he added. ‘fThe wordl~'con I
trolled and moderate must be un-

derlined.‘.‘ .

Tlte same istrue for dieters...

 ballet/Victory Ever In France

Forbes said. “The fundamental ap-
proach to weight loss is reduction of
total calories.” Just remember: If

” you substitute sugar for an artificial

sweetener. you will have to cut-back
on something else. I - r I  . .

Not all diet foods havesacchar'm
in them. A 1pokesman for the
Chicago Dietetic Supply House said
only 35 items out of several hundred
in the company‘s line contained
saccharin.

There are two basic kinds of low-
calorie diet foods: Those that are at-
tiﬁcially sweetened with saccharin
and those that are not sweet at all.
Dietetic canned fruit. for example.
may be packed in its naturaljuice in-
stead of a sweetsyrup. A goodtip-off
to this type of product is the word
“unsweetened” on the label.

Earthquake Deotlr Toll Rises

IUCHARIES‘I‘. Rosnaﬂa (AP)
Romania‘s disastrous March d
earthuuake has claimed LSAI lives.
the vast majority of them in
Bucharest. the official Agerpress
newt agency reported Monday

Aprpt'ess stud l..‘9l persons died
and 7.576 were injured uitbin the
capital city. The nationwide injury
toll was H.175.

A state of emergency in effect in
llucharest since the quake ten days
ago will be titled Tuesday. it was the
nounml. The emergency was lifted
elsewhere in the muntry last week.

An eightvniember team of US.
earthquake scientists reached
hwharest on Monday after their
plane was delayed more than an
hour by a scul‘it)‘ scare at
l-t-ankturt. West Germany.

The eight Arr-lesions and .‘3 other

were ordered to disent-
bark from a Romanian Airlines get
after a hiNtﬁthg male passenger
bolted through the boarding gate at

Frankfurt without being searched.

The panengers and their baggage
were frisked a second time and West
German police searched the plane.
But nothing was found on the
passenger who was ltttc or in the
plane. a Frankfurt airport
spokesman said. adding. “We have
no infomtation as to his motites for
trying to evade controls.‘

The passenger was not identiﬁed.

The plane. a scheduled commer-
cial flight. reached Bucharest
without further incident.

The Americans induded Dr.
Charles Colt-er. disaster research
coordinator of the National Bureau
of Standards.

Oliver. a structural engineer. said
his group would be working with
Romanian experts to evaluate the
geological behavior and structural
damage of the earthquake.

In addition to adttsing the
Romanians. the Americans still
collect data that might be of use to
California and other earthquake

Woo Waits Forty Years
to Woo Chinese Bride

IEDMMD. m (“’9me
yearn ago You \\’on total his savings
“ammo: bridehehadldftrn
Chm.

‘an out wiring for her.“ the 70
yam“ Woo trays with a wry smile
“if she doesn‘t. come noon. I‘ll look
arwnd for a no. bride,“

The young ‘w never even
admw WM‘t money order.
for my net-a he had. Maybe she
knew the problems his title stmld
bold. She was only the ram.

Take. for manure. his attempts at

ram .

Hts Mouth Mover his jury-
Mfumand’wndmamymhon
m shot try irate neighbor-s Who
don‘t apprentice them whirling
mu. One of the goats didn‘t
think too much of this roaster. The
animal would mad mid: start-om
driest. and W Woo «w

 

nus . i C m
(ﬁll WE Slim—£51m

 

 

FAB! run

out. the goat would lung: at turn.

This catered problems. because the
outback was about 3m feet away.
and Woo kncu he couldn‘t oursprim
the center.

A friend took away the unruly
beats.

Fortunately his» slurp can‘t climb
the formate but rhymes often jumpm
and mate minor meat of the inlet

“‘1 thought N N them and ms nut
rrap‘ who trays. “Rut I cndod up
trapping my mm sheep.“ '

tin generic also step too frequently
mm the «Wm: tram. or disappear
into the mws of bayou-s and rac-
coons. The ‘oonrrs not the eggs

Woo survives ion a small Social
Security chock and a smaller
voterrarr’s disability  After um
migrating, to this country it n the truth
W30» and workmgin a Seattle lustre
dry. he mm in anpe in World
War lit and was sent to the Paciﬁc
lifter the charming uteri-mod.

Missing wife. mun-rm animals
and till. Who says he‘s ill caste with
thr- worltl. and he woulng have it
any other wiry

prone areas of the United States.

The Romanian gonernment has
asked us. assistance in gaugingtbe
quake‘s effect ondams in the region.

The cleanup was well along in
downtown Bucharest. Mnghcru
Bhd. the main street. remained
blocked to normal traffic. but most
of the rubble has been removed and
cleared \ncant lots marked the
former locations of some 32 collaps-
ed buildings.

Fire

t'tmrt'mmifrrvu [vagr- Ullt‘

recover any valuables. “It could have
been used.“ said Siltermnn who said
the residents had not been told ol'ils
existence.

Haas said he had toldthe residents
of the fire cxlinguisber‘s existence
but residents denied such an en-
counter.

Silvers-nan said Haas had boarded
up the broken windons in the apart-
ment by Monday night so the
residents could live in their aptin-
rncnt pending .t Buildings Depart-
ment inspection report ctpected to-
day on the structure's safety.

‘lf the) want to more. let them. I‘ll
give back their rent.“ sard Haas. “l
bavc SQ pmple waiting to rent. there
‘1“ be no trouble in finding others
after I fit it up.‘

Arrest

z-r-nrmwdfmm page! nu-

(‘lass of "8 restitution for the Bow
m monthly SKID installments.
“That‘s of the most importance to us
though' and Storm. What the
Class of "'S Yr paid uhat‘s owed to
In

ASP
T-SW
Get yours M
Call 1.1639."
and alt-f felt Ruth
”

Ham St. Patrick‘s Day
{rota nu

'M‘W W's

PARIS (AP)'Francc's left wing has won its biggest election victory since
World War ll,‘ underscoringthe strong poutbtllty that the Socialist-
cts'm'itnar allianée urn win rte National Assembly electrons next year. In
nationwide'mnnicipal eletaions sunny."ka won control of nearly four
times‘is many- cities saith: Gsulfists and supporters of President Valery
Giseird d'Estaing wonz‘A'gence Fraanr'eIsG. the French news agency, said
city councils were eIected by majorities in l56 of ’the 22f cities of more than
30.000 population, leaving 65 to be decided in run-off elections next Sunday.

Palestine and Israel Tlghtan Posltlona

ISRAEL (AP)'Arab'-lsraeli peace negotiations looked lessfavorable today
following hardening of both the Palestinian and Israeli positions. The
Palestinian movement's policy-making body refused to drop the destruction
of Israel as a national goal and will not discuss links with Jordan untilafter a
Palestinian state is created, a spokesman said. Meanwhile, Premier Yllzhak
Rabin said Israel won't 'give up as much territory as the United States wants it
to and “will not return to the lines that existed before the l967 war."

Decrlmlnallzatlon Hearlngs’ Contlnue

WASHINGTON (AP) A top federal law enforcement ofﬁcial warned
Monday that reduction of criminal penalties for possession of marijuana
may promote more smuggling of the drup into this country. “Without the
threat of criminal prosecution. many who formerly feared involvement with
marijuana may now become involved, U.S. Customs Commissioner Vernun
D. Acrce said. Helestiﬁed beforcthe House Special Committee on Narcotics
as it opened three days of hearings on the issue of decriminalizing Ihc
possession of marijuana. Other witnesses scheduled to appear during the
hearings include law enforcement ofﬁcials, medical specialists and of floral.»
from two states. California and Oregon. which have decriminalizcd cztttml

use of marijuana.

Government Plans to Investigate Teamsters
WASHINGTON (AP) The government is pursuing its investigation of tn.-
Teamsters Union‘s giant Central States Pension Fund. despite Prflmlhe‘t by
top union officials to give up control of the funds $1.4 billion ihhcit
Teamsters President Frank Filzsimmons and three other officials.
threatened with legal action by the government. have agreed to resign as
trustees by April 30 and to hire independent. professional Intcsllllt‘nl
experts. The agreement. announced Sunday by lbeLabor Departmcnmumu
on the eve of congressional hearings into the government‘s cnforccmcm til
the 1974 pension reform law.

Goldwater Reportedly Heads Business

ARIZONA (AP) Published accounts of reports by a group of lnu‘ﬂlgttlll:
journalists say US. Sen. Barry Goldwater. his brother and a close friend hm:
dominate‘d most of Arizona for nearly 30 years “while condoning Illc
presence of organized crime through friendships and bustncs: allrunecx it uh
mob figures.“ According to the published accounts. the reporters Sdid mm
the senator. his brother Robert. a business man who controls the (iuldualul
family mercantile business. and Harry Rosenzweig. former Republican out:
chairman. “achiewd national prominence . . . after growing in .i tit-h yr
relationships in Arizona. Nevada and California with important Ilculrnam~
of underworld ﬁnancier Meyer Lansky.“

Congress Debates Ban on Rhodesian Chrome
WASHINGTON (AP) An administration-backed bill to restore a my. 
US imports of Rhodesian chrome came before Congress on \tmtm
needing a strong surge of Republican support if II was to pass 1h: H-nxv.‘
“The vote is closc.closer than I thought.‘ House Speaker Thomas P U'Nm.
said after a head count showed 185 House members formally commune fx'
\ ole for the proposal—32 lessthsnthe bare majority needed for pamgc In:
Carter administration strongly supported the reinstatement of the ban .1: .i
\u) of underscoring U.S. commitlments to black mayont) rule and *. "’ “
rights in Africa. United Nations Ambassador Andrea Young was or. m.— .2: i
watch over the House proceedings.

Presidential Committee En Route to Vietnam
HONOLULU (AP) Members of the presidential commission cr. 
Vietnam hope the remains of I: American pilots Will be outan tvr - 1
ohm they arrive in Hanoi on Wednesday. "Thst‘s what the) an: in: ml
time ac “sited. We took the remains of three home with us.’ R2: t \
Montgomery. I) Miss. a commission member. and during the EI-h. .' ' r~1
leg of the journey Sunday from Washington. D C.. to Honolulu In: ‘ -.
member commission which flies on to the Phrlhppxncs tods) A «it ':~
information on 2.5% Americans who never returned from the \ a.

and will watch for indications that the Vietnamese n: hen-out}. .r.
nmmslmng relations with the United States.

Carter‘s Aide May Get Pay Raise. Too

WASHINGTON (A?) Much! Cam-r will give his staff a pet 1.3.2.: 124‘ ‘
some cases could reach nearly 29 percem. following the rum?” 1' ‘
Congress and the federal ageocres. a White House aide says A \l "-
spokesman sud nof'rnal decision has been made onwhrther the \l  “- ~ '~'
“‘1‘ Wm“ M Given the same raises other btchdcvel St‘t'crttrnrnt my“! ‘-’ ‘
M bill “it Whit: Home source said the only major question remamg :9
M“ W lb: that“: will be. Congress last month gave itself a $11.99. 'v‘ "
hootnutg annual  from sumo to 357.0005)“ the name tin»: '
officials in the federal btrmaurracy also were given pay thCl’T‘th

#

MARCH 15. 1977

 

 

 

nymphs-into? '
«GSA Supreme Coisrt's “reinstate-

‘ ment or Vice President Cary

Parker‘s stipend pn Friday has
created a constit: ﬁnal debate over
whether Central Council has'the
power ,to. Efreew‘ stipends. of SA
government ofﬁcials. .

The ruling reversed a Central
Council motion which froze the
remaining SISO of. Parker’s stipend
on Feb. 9. Parker‘s. successful

challenge .elaimed that the motion,

had violated his SA contract. ,

“It was the right thing to do.” said
SA Supreme" Court Chief Justice
Vicki Kurtzrnart. “I'm happier now
about the decision than when I ﬁrst
signed it.”

The opinion of the court, written
by Justice Florie Sbertzer. stated
that “Central Council does not have
the authority to change the stipend
of officers of SA government during
their term in ofﬁce . .. We therefore
decided that Central Council's ac-
lion was not within its constitutional
powers and thus. Gary Parker's sti-
pend cannot be frozen."

“Constitutionally. we have every

’ rightfsaid Central Council member

Jim Aronoff. “A stipend‘llne is aline
just like any other line. To say'tbat
_we’ don‘t'bave the right is absurd."

The Court said that by having the
‘abililyfto freeze stipends. Central

Councilcould inﬂuence the actions

of officers in order to dominate stu-
_ dent- government. ~ '

(“We Were dealing with the con-i

sfitutional rights and-the separation

of ,powers,"vsaid Justice 

Shapiro. I “The constitution
guarantees three separate branches
of government. We felt that if we
said that Council could increase or
decrease the stipend of major of-
ficers. it could make those ofﬁcers
subservient to Council.”
Enough Influence
"Central Council has ultimate
control over all student tax money.”
said executive committee member
Kelvin Dowd. “It has the right to
freeze lines. Central Council would
never use a power like that to get of-
ﬁcers to do something. They have
enough inﬂuence already."
“We're not taking stipend power
away from them." said Shapiro.

A maln concern of the Unlversity Bus Committee In evaluating a
CDTA takeover was whether drivers wlll keep benefits and seniority.

Student Patrol to Fight
Rising Crime on Campus

by Kevin Kuvacs

In an attempt In den! with it rising
crinlc rule on campus. il student
security system will be instituted trt
SUNYA.

lhr: system. drawn up by grad stu—
tlcnl_|'rnnl. l’icciortc and pruposcrl
h)- l).t\‘rtl (ioltl. co-clrttirpcrsun of
('cnfrttl Council‘s llctrllh Safety ttntl
Ill“ ('mnlnlllec. will run through
May. serving us no Illlt'l'llll nrcrtsurc
unlrl :t more curnprchunsive plun is
t‘ctrtllctl.

“A student security syslcnt". uc-
cortlmg tn (ltlltl. “wuultl serve two
purposes. l'rrsl. ll would trct usnrcul
Inctlstll‘t‘ ill crime preventinnttnd sc-
cnnd. ll would case some of the dis-
trust felt by sutllc students townrd
the current security system."

[he student securilysyslcm would
provide IIICI‘UlIScil sur'vcllltlncc trl'tlrc
campus. ilh well us It lttlc nigltl cscurl
sci vice ltn students enrmltc lrumtlrc
cumpus ccnlcr of llbr'nry to the
t|ili|tlh. ut'cm'tltng In (inld. Six
sludcnln iII'IllCil with wnlkic tttlkics
would he on tltlly uptown and two
would patrol the dnwnl own cumpus.
"They will net “5 the ‘cycs‘ turd ‘curs'
of sccnrinL“ Gold claimed.

l‘hc idea for in student security

MARCH 15, 1977

system grew out of hearings concer- '

ning armed security on campus.
"Guns are one way ufrcspondlng to
crime. They‘ve been pruvcn to be it
low dclcrcnt.“ (iold strid. “A student
security system would prevent
crime.“

Four years ttgo SUNYA dropped
ll similar program due to fiscal
restraints. The interim program be-
ing instituth now. will cost $4.700.
l'hc money. appropriated by John
llill’llgilll. Vice President for
Finance lllltl Business. will come
primarin out of cutnpus pttrkingfinc
funds.

On Other (Tartrputes

“It is u proposnl that is viable and
operative on other campuses.“ l'lur-
tigttn noted. “On (In experimental
basis it is well worth the investment."

A more comprehensive plttn for
next year might be funded either by u
suite grunt or u Law Enforcement
grunt. snid (iold. This plan would
cxptrnd the number of‘ student
ptrtrols to ten or fifteen. They Would
be lrttincd not only by security but by
the Rope Crisis Center rind Five
Quzrd so that they will be capable of
dealing with is, wide vnricty of
emergencies.

and

“‘There's no question thatthey bIVe. 
power of the purse. But when they?

have the power. it doesn‘t mean that

they have the absolute power to do ‘

anythingltbit they want.“

The vole by the Supreme Court
was unanimous. Aronoff.‘ .who.
along with Dowd and Central Coun-
cil Chairman Greg Lessne presented
the case to the court. is appealingthe
decision. *

“I don't think they understand the
implications of the decsion,” said
Aronoff. “The actual money point
with Parker ls moot. What is impor-
tant is that we do have them-
stitutional right. They’ve made a
decisionwhen the thing to do‘ might
have been to amend the constitu-
lion.“

“First of all. the decision was not
based on the actual conﬂict.“ said
Dowd. “The request toinvalidate the
motion was because Parker said that
there was no reason u. cause for the
action. The decision said that Cen-

-tral Council didn‘t have the right."

The ruling stated that by granting
the power of stipends, it would cause
an “imbalance of power among the

l  I "an .

Chief Justice Vicki Kuhnan defended the somewrrsmuon
to tantrum Ibo stipend saylng, “It was the m thing'so do.“

three branches of government.“

“They have upset the checks and
balances system.” said Dowd.
“They're superceding Central Coun-
cil power. They have. in effect. made
policy." '

"The Supreme Court is based on
the federal government." said Kurtz-
man. “We‘ve reviewed legislative
decisions in the past.” ’

' According to Dowd. one of the
points which will ‘be brought upin
‘ the appeal is that Kurt-zman is apply-
ing for a stipend and should have dis-
qualified herself from the case.
“They should have brought it up.”
said Kurtzman. “Then I would have
dropped out of the case."
The Supreme Court is expected to
hear the appeal today.

CDTA Committee Awaits Answers

by Anne Rube

CDTA proposals to take over
SUNYA bus service are stalemated
as the University Bus Committee
awaits replies to questions of con-
cern from lhc‘Statc Division of the
Budget. students and CDTA. accor-
ding lo 'Committtcc Chairman
Robert A. Sticrcr.

Sticrer. who is also Assistant Vice
President for Management and
Planning. sttid committee concerns
centered on the SUNYA busdriver‘s
future. how much state money could
be depended on to pay for the
proposed contract. and whether
CDTA qualifies for noncompetitive
bidding.

The Committee htts asked if
SUNYA bus drivers could be
transferred to another state agency
while maintaining the same benefits
seniority. said committee

member SA President Steve DiMco.

Can continued ﬁnancial support
from the state be expected if
SUNYA does sign a contract with
CDTA. is another question asked.
according to Sticrer. "We need to be
assured we‘ll receive $325,000 [the
expected contracted fee] every year
from the state. without any out-
bucks." he said.

And if CDTA lukeovcr is to be a
“continuing arrangement" said
Sticrcr. considered a “sole source
bidder." there remains the possibility
of raising prices or discontinuing scr-
viccs lifter the proposed thrcc your
contract expires.

Government Agency

If CDTA docs qualify as a sole
source bidder. it would be impossi-
ble to have competitive contract bid-
ding. CDTA. said Slicrcr. said legal
counsel and thc Stzttc Division of

Audit and Control have confirmed
“sole source status" as CDTA
should be given preferred status as a
government agency. “CDTA thinks
the issue is closed." snid Slicrer; “but
We‘re still in question."

“We have no responsibility to
solicit bids for bttscs."said Slicrer. lt .
lies with the appropriate ctrmpus and
state officials such as the Office of
General Services. Wc‘rcjust sci upto
study the CDTA proposal. But we
do have the obligation to raise
questions as to CDTA‘s being at good
source.“

“I still have questions in my mind
about CDTA. it s reliability and ac-
countubillty.“ sid DiMeo. “But let's
be realistic. CDTA will be coming in
by the next ﬁve years.“

A decision will reached on the
CDTA proposals for SUNYA by the
end of April suid DiMco.

 

 

L

OCA Throws Sunshine Party

Apparently aware that the week of warm weather was soon to
Assoclatlon toasted the sun with free re
the Campus Center. Today's forecast calls for more clouds.

with (maybe) a little tilt of sun.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Irsshments and a fan show Frlday. on the Podlum In front of
dampness and low temperatures, but

‘

wIther away. the Off Campus

s

 

PAC  :

 

