 

 

 

‘-r::‘t‘.t~,... .
... .__...w.w  I

 

by anti Cohen‘

In ,the ASP of, December 9, Jonathan
Hodges suggested that the outcome of the
health fee issue may very well decide the

future of Student Unionization efforts at.

several campuses across the state. including
our own movement at SUNYA. These
campusesvhave opposed the fee by contending
that it has resulted in no improvements in
health service. is going to the same fund as is
tuition. and consequently amounts to a tuition
increase ~— and a deceptive one at that.

Hodges‘ fatalistic prognostications aside for
a moment. let us consider the Student
Unionimtion Movement itself. In our desire
to address the immediate issues affecting this
campus. it is essential that one not lose
perspective as to why the unionization concept
originated. I would like to address this
question from a personal perspective.

For myself. the process of attending
SUNYA for three years has resulted inthe loss
of several of my illusions about education in
New York State. There was the illusion that
education was a priority in the state. that
universities were growing. There was the
illusion that a college degree was a “ticket to
success." And there was the illusion that a
university was an environment in which
administrators. faculty and students worked
in a cooperative enterprise to funhcr the
development of individuals and knowledge.

What recent events have shown is that. in
fact. support for education is not growing. but
under considerable attack. on the state level
and in SUNYA. My freshman year saw the
cutting oftwcnty programs. theclimination of
the environmental studies program and a
much heralded Nursing Program. Rather than
lllt: extension of low cost public education to
an ever wider segment of the population. We
were told thrit educational expansion had
gone far enough ~ that we had asked too
much —— ii superior education would have to
he postponed for another day. And what was
was larger classes. inferior advisement. less
personal attention by faculty members
concerned with job security. inadequate
health care and overcrowded dorms.

What was the response these attacks upon
ltighcr education? The administration of the
university. lamcly capitulating to the demands
ol il state legislature. hired at "hatchet man" by
the name of Emmett Fields. who could
eltectiiatc the cuts along the path of least
Icsislttncc. Rather than forming a coalition
\\llll professors and students to demand more
tunds for our university. Fields cut
disporportionatcly the departments which
were least able to fight back - departments in
which the faculty was divided. ordeptirtments
oith professors who. chose to exercise their
tight to speak out on academic questions.
\iiturtilly remaining virtually unskathed was
an enormous administrative budget on the

 

I On Its OWn ' Merits

   

SUNY level. and debt service. which
consumed 97.7 percentrof the SUNY budget.
In the ﬁnancial crisis at SUNYA. as in the
ﬁnancial crisis in New York City. somehow
the banks never seem to share in the sacriﬁce
they call upon middle class people to make in
the name of “ﬁscal integrity."

And where were the students in this
situation? Divided along lines of personal
concern. When the nursing school was
threatened. nursing students wentdowntothe
capital to protest — few others followed. The
rest of us sat nervously by; hoping it wouldn't
happen to us. And we competed harder in a
contracting employment market. we fought
for the safety of our own programs, and in our
disunity we all suffered.

in the face of these events. SASU. an
organization whose goal was ostensibly to
advocate student interests on the statewide
level. increasingly found itself helpless.
Without the participation of masses of
students, aware and outraged. the
recommendations of student government
leader came to little. Administrators were well
aware that our academic life lasted a short
four years and we were unorgani7cd »— they
could wait till our momentary anger had
subsided and we returned to our studies or
graduated.

If we as students hope to make any
meaningful changes in the university. we must
be prepared to form an organization which
will ﬁght for student interests on a continuous
and mass basis. Only through this continuity
can we light the administration on its own
terms —~ through research on issues affecting
us. and response by masses of students. These
are the aims of the Student Unioniztition
Movement.

ln llll ofthis. what is the role ofthe Health
Fee? to their opposition to the fee the 0ch
eighteen hundred students who have already
signed pledge cards promising not to include
the health fee on their next semester's bill are
indicating that they will not tolerate any
actions by the state regarding their education
which are deceptive or illegal. They are also
questioning increases in tuition which are not
accompanied byincrctises in services. imposed
because the state believes students have
neither the ability not tltcdcsircto fight back.

Mr. Hodges is right in saying that the
“with but: issue but test for the student tirrioiis

but tltcrc is far more at stake. What more
and more students are beginning to perceive it
ultimately at stake is whether the urtivcrsity is
to function for the benefit of the students who
attend it. or iii the interests of political
expediency.

The health fee is only one issue affecting
students. but all: bus service. budget cuts,
tuition increases or housing(iillof which SUM
is presently working on) can only be won by
concerted action.

 

 

 

F

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

    

   

we.“
. . ~ “ .

 

 

 

 

a
‘ a
‘wﬁ '
\

 

boycou
update

To the Edhor:

The Student Unionization Movement feels
it necessary to inform the student body of
recent developments in regard to the Health
Fee Boycott.

Over l800 Albany students have signed
pledge cards in the last four days. The general
reaction among students has been one of anger
at this “disguised tuition increase” and
enthusiasm for the boycott. The
overwelming response in the last four days
has given State University of New York at
Albany the largest number of pledges in the
state.

The common question asked has been
“what will happen if I deduct $8.50 front my
spring bill'.’"John Hartigiin. Vice President for
Business and Finance stated in thc ASPthtit
students who deduct the health fee could be
charged it late fee of $20.00. He was wrong!
Hartigan‘s office. the Assistant Director of
Student Accounts. and the Bursar havetold us
that a late fee is not presently charged when a
student doesn‘t pay his whole bill. l'hc
University cannot change their policies now.
To do that according to the Student
Association Legal Counsel is arbitrary and
capricious enforcement of the policy and.
illegal.

Hartigan‘s office has told us tltut they \verc
wrong and that there will not be a late fee
charged to boycotters. They will proceed with
the normal procedure ol'scndinga letter to the
student. that bc/shc owes the university $8.50.

After we receive these letters in January. we
could theoretically be subjected to a hold for
our records until we pay. the more strongly
we unite. the better we will be able to ﬁght this
I'rziudulant fee. and any rcprcssivc penalties
the administration might propose.

Remember. no penalties will be imposed
until after a letter is sent. Boycott now; and
join us iit our first tnccting next semester to
ltelp decide what course our struggle will trike.
liy then the Governor‘s budget will be
proposed and we will be able to see if he takes
us seriously.

We are pursuing legal action. The Student
Association legal counsel is planning to file
suit to prove that students have every right not
to pay this illegal fcc.

if we stick together. we can defeat this illegal
fee. Our strength lies purely in our numbers
and in ourselves.

Student Unionization Movement

coffeehouse
collapse

To the Editor:

Why is the Freeeze Dried Coffeehouse
closing? Many people have asked this question
ever since we announced it's closing. The
answer however. is not simple. There are trinity
reasons why we feel it necessary to close. We
will try to explain the most compelling reasons
in this letter.

The Coffeehouse was started with certain
conditions itt mind. those included; free
admission for students with tax cards. quality
entertainment of it type not found elsewhere
on this campus. and management by a
committee. Meeting these conditions is
intrinsic to the survival of the Coffeehouse.

The last condition we tncntioncd.
management by a committee. does not scernus
vital at first glance as It really is. so we will

 

‘ discuss it more fully. 'l'hiscnrtbles each ofusto

concentrate on one aspect of running the
Coffeehouse. lt'not only gives us time to learn
cach particularjoh. it also enables us to handle
each job correctly and have enough time to
correct mistakes and think things throiighso
that fewer mistakes are made. It also gives us
time to bc students and to lch oitr lives
Another important reason is that group
management enables us to enjoy what warm
doing (you mean we‘re not in it for the monev'!
What money/l) and make friends ltl lhcsanic
time.

Since it‘s organization. the Coffeehouse has
been run by a few dedicated people who turd
hopes of establishing a group management,
For the last year and a half. mriny lnltlztkcx
have been made because there \tasn't enough
time. or people. for things to be thought
through. and these mistakes \tcrc h-Ii
uncorrected through lack ot lllllL‘ iltltl cllort.
The Coffeehouse was rcnpcncd this wincstcr
as a last ditch clfcct to see it sllttlctllk \\t,'lt,'
willing to gct involved. Untortiinritelt. riot
cnouglt people were interested enough. coil)
enough to receive adequate training to let-pit
open witltout a lot ol heartache

Throughout its existence there have becnvx
chairpcoplc who Were so tlctllcrtlt‘tl (and \U
foolish) and gave so much ol thcrnwlicx. that
they burnt otit. onc ot them ll(l\lllg.t llt‘l\ttll.\
breakdown in the process \\c let-l lltztl no
matter what good came out ol the
Coffeehouse it cart never btlltrncc lllt' \llilcllllt:
endured by these pcoplc. And it ht clourigtlic
Coffeehouse we prevent others lioiii \llllc'l’lllg
the same fate. then we are doing lllL' llttlll
thing.

Thanks to everyone
Coffeehouse ti hand. CSpCL‘ItIlh Hick |l.irri.
John Campbell. Kevut lroy..iutl \Iuct oihiri
and her shoulder. lileClll'L' nitric pciiplcultii
deserve thanks: you know who too .tlt' and
you've got them. Arid to all ot \oii \ilio
complained when the sound stucro broki-
complained that the room \Hls llht‘ .i t't'lllt‘tll
cave. and never tilted a linger to help ocll.
fuck off and have it nice lite

:\l.iii Siltt'iititiii
( llillllllilll
'\ll|l.l \lcblat
hummer

\tho gate the

l'rcc/c llllt'tl t otlrliotiw

snow
job

To the Editor:

Most of us have heard the sit)|.'lt1"\i>tlt'.t||'|
fifth! city hall“ and it's often bet-o .rpirlieil to
our student gotcrniricrit "‘wtuilctll
Association." Have an) or you c\r'l
considered that you can‘t help L|l_\ li.r|l either"
'l'hiit's the feeling I had as | lcil llit‘ Lilllllllh
ccntcr last Wednesday night As l understand
their role. Student Association is sllppttu'tl to
coordinate. promote and lurid sltitlt'tll
activities on our campus. Rcccrit lt'llctsltllllt'
ASI’ ltavc noted the luck of tlllll) and school
spirit. and even members ol (‘entuil (‘otiritrl
themselves have written. asking tor Illllll'
studcrtt involvement and prttpiisttls

It was in that spirit that our ll.tlt'lll|l.\-
'l‘hcta Xi Omega. approached f‘nlllilt'lll
Association with a proposal lor ll SI‘MA
Snow Sculpturing l‘csltval. lilCtll) \lrtlt'tl.lllt'
festival would consist of it week loin.r \lltl“
sculpturing contest to be conducted on
campus when we return next seiiiesit-r llim'
would he pl'ilcs‘ awarded for the licst thrcc
entries and tltceittrres would lltl\ L' bet-n lullllt'tl
to university groups. Our lrillclllll) it'll lllt'
bcst plircc to look for funding til it trirrtcisitt
widc student iictivity. was out iiririr-iory \tIdL'
student representatives. Student Ashtlt'litlltlll
Alter all. they've been asking tor out
involvement all sctrrcstcr. So tlirii's “hat or
did.

Being unfamiliar With the Ittlttiltli.‘
Procedure. 1 began by submitting it budget In

 

7‘

Central Council‘s ﬁnance committee in our
fratemity‘s name. The Central Council
Chairperson informed me that we could not
get the necessary funding from ﬁnance
committee because we were not an SA-funded
group and therefore would have to approach
the Council themselves on Wednesday night.

Taking his word that this was the way to get
funding, l withdrew our proposal from
ﬁnance committee and prepared a special
presentation to be given to Council on
Wednesday night. I arrived at the meeting at
8:30 and was told there would be a delay in
getting to our proposal. At about midnight. l
was asked to give my presentation. When I
finished. there was a decision to be made by
Council as to whether or not they could even
spend their operating budget on this
expenditure. It was agreed that they would.
but then came the question of how much they
should spend.

they decided to cut our request from $330
to $l00 but even that was too much. So they
decided to amend our budget to $50 using the
justification that this amount would be an
incentive and enough to get its started. thanks
to the efforts of Fred Brewington and Dave
Rull'o. who proposed this incentive. Central
Council promptly proceeded to defeat this
proposal leaving us with no appropriation
whatsoever.

lhis action occurred just hours after they
had appropriated $345 from their emergency
spciidiitg line ofovcr “2.000 to Part Hellenic
Council wlto also happened to be a non-SA
funded group.

As I was leaving. Central Council suggested
I look to tire SA president for ltclp. This same
president whose initial operating budget
consisted of$l3.000 flatly told me. he couldn‘t
afford it.

I‘m sick and tired ofhcaring that fraternities
and sororities. or for that matter students in
general. aren't doing enough for school spirit.
and aren't getting involved. We got involved
and went to SA and what support did we get

7 nothing!

We were told to go elsewhere for our
support. Central Council ' nd tltc Executive
Branch are working for all the students. not
just the special interest groups they choose to
support. The sooner they rcali/c this. the
better. Their use of dotiblc standards and
special interest politics should not bctolcrutcd
rind I suggest it careful sclf examination for
them along those lines. 'l be next time Student
Association cliings their hollow hells asking
for support. l hope they stop long enough to
realize llllll perhaps its llicre btit their ringing
prevents them front ltciiring ll.

Dillllt) O‘Connor

bus
suggestions

To the Editor:

Although i linvc only been riding the SUNY
buses for about three months. it has already
become cvidctit to me that there are a grcat
number of people who eitltcr don't care or
simply don't know that thcrc isii rigltt way and
it wrong way to ride the bus. ll'l may, 1 would
like to offer it few suggestions.

First; I have found that. with the winter
months being upon us. many times it pcrsoti
will ride the bus to go as little as one block. If
you're goingjust ti sltort distance the least you
could do is sit near the front or if there are irot
seats you could let the others behittd you pass
50 you won‘t have to push your way to the
front. holding up the bus and inconveniencing
everyone. including yourself.

Second; many times t have seen people
strinding chcck-to-chcek iii the front of tltc
aisle with enough roorit to shadow box iii the
rear. Now if those people in the back just
donate a little of their precious spiiec. l'nt stirc
everyone will appreciate it.

Third: it‘s your fault ifyou miss your stop.
Don't be shy! Say the nriipe of the street you

want loud enough for everybody to hear.

Fourth; if you‘re already standing on a bus
and it pulls up to a crowded stop; move back
as far as you can. Put yourself in the place of
the person who‘s standing there in the cold.
I‘m sure he'll appreciate it. as you would. if
everyone makes this small concession.

If everyone were to follow these simple
steps. maybe these long winter months won‘t
seem quite so long.

Erie Barnes

library
reply

To the Editor:

In regard to Mr. Adams‘ lcttcrto the editor
of tltc ASl’on 'l'uesday. Dec. c. we fully agree
that the pillerage of library materials is a
serious problem. However. we cannot agree
“illl the controversial solutions he proposes.

l. the implementation of professional
doortttcri would reduce the “peer-protection"
(il a students-watching-sttidcnts situation. but
the checking of “all books. bricfcascs.
handbags. backpacks. etc." is a procedure that
has in the past proved to be very consuming
and for that reason impractical. We are under
the impression that the electronic device now
in use was installed to eliminate the loitg. slow
moving lines of students waiting to depart
lrom the library during such individual
searches. We further bclicvc that reinstating
these searches in addition to the use of the
electronic devicc is unnecessary and creates ti
needless expense in tcrms oftimc. money. and
energy since each serves the same purpose.

2. The proposal to “close the stacks to at
out a privileged few“ we find to be both elitist
and contrary to the usual functions of a
library. Traditionally. the purpose of a library
has been to provide individuals with access to
literary materials that they would otherwise
not be able to obtain. Also. one ofthe beneﬁts
offered by an open library is the opportunity
to browse and otherwise pass the time. The
restrictions of these privileges is deﬁnitly not
in accordance with such library ideals. We
wonder. docs Mr. Adams consider himself to
be one ol those "privileged lcw”\\ ho would be
grantcd the right to room autoith the stricks‘.l

| llL' tone ol his letter certainly seems to suggest
that he docs.

.t We agree. i‘ctisscssnicnt tIl llhl'tll’) book
\riltics seems to be needed to make the
i'cit.i)iiieiit loi lost materials iiiuic realistic
and Utllltlillllc. llowcter. the strict litres Mr.
Adams proposes lor overdue materials do not
tippl) to stolcn books. Such books are not
signed out. and consequently. the library
doesn't even know that they are missing. l‘ltesc
illlL'S will rtol help. As far as the need for signed
otit material is concerned. the library can.
tipoit rcqticst. recall the desired material so
that the borrower must return it by a certain
date. llicre are already heavy fines imposed
for late returns iit such instances. Anyhow. wc
dotrbt wlicllicr strict fines wrll really provide
the irrtpetus to return materials on time. Such
a littiitg system probably wouldn't be as
cllccltvc as otre would like and. if anything.
would promote the development of new
means to avoid paying lliesc fines (which
might incltidc never returning the book.)

Something definitely needs to be done
about the "missing library material

phenomenon". but Mr. Aduins' solutions
sccnt impractical. and we believe that they
would prove to be unnecessarily inconvenient
its well as ineffective. Experience suggest thtit
we [SUNYA students). who are directly
tittected by the pill'cring and who have 2r
vested interest in how the library operates.
should become involved iii the solution ofthis
problent before art otitsidc group (e.g.. the
Adiiiinistrrition) "settles" it for us. (Remember
the buses and (‘l)'l'/\.)
Steplten Cooke

Mark DubuU

 

editorial

 

Common Threat

Today, the New York Times emerged victorious from a $61,000 libel
suit. Which proves, among other things, that it is extremely difficult to
beat a neWSpaper in a libel case. '

Libel involves factual error and malicious intent, and the problem lies
in linking them hand in hand to form a bond strongenough to crack the
protective shield of the ﬁrst amendment.

Common Sense, the Colonial Quad Newsletter, has come under the
threat of a libel suit by Central Council Chairman Mike Lissner for
editorial attacks on his performance and competence as a chairman and
representative.

In court, Lissner hasn’t a leg to stand on -— and judges tend to be more
lenient with student publications. However, as threats go, libel is one of
the best. and it looks as if Lissner may get his retraction.

Conversely, with the publication of last week’s editorial Common
Sense apparently began to take its name for granted. There is very little
sense, common or otherwise. in running such a slimly substantiated

personal attack.

Unkind though the editorial may be, libelous it is not; any retraction
published by the staff of Common Sense should emanate from their
sense of ethics. not from Lissner‘s threat of a law suit.

Boycott the Health Fee

Within the next month SUNYA students will be receiving their bills
for the upcoming spring semester. Included in that bill is an $8.50 charge
under a box labeled “Student Health Fee".

To set the record straight: the health fee has no inﬂuence whatsoever
on the quality of health care offered by the inﬁrmary. It has nothing to
do with the optional health insurance. it is in fact a tuition increase that
has been given a bogus identity to prevent the outcry that a tuition
increase would have prompted.

By the creation of this fee, the state Legislature has created a
dangerous precedent. If they can impose an $8.50 fee this year without
opposition, what’s to stop them from doubling it next year or starting
such fees as the Rocksalting Perimeter Road Fee or the Garbage
Removal Fee ?

In response to this obvious attack on the premise that tuition and
board should cover all aspects of a university student's basic and
fundamental needs, the Albany Student Press urges all students to
support the mandatory Student Health Fee boycott and deduct $8.50
from their spring semester’s bill.

 

lllt‘ marl issue of I/lt' A [harry Sim/cut Prim will be published on Friday, January 27.

 

 

 

 

SWMI "At-tilt! lz'rli'lirr-iiil'liii'l
.loMitr/m Honors illruirigirig [fill/or
Wu iiir 'l'iioitMAN Business Manager

.li \sM JAV Production Manager

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. liions M-\Rlli|.l.tt
.ti'iiti-tt Cox. .Iii.t. Hausa

.. . . . . . .. Elillll: Emeritus
. It‘ll SlalJGstiN

. . .JUN l.Al-A\'l:l"l'l:

.. . . . . . ., , AN Cltiiii.i.
. . . , , . . .. Mtki: Atoms. Rll'llll MltllblltlSI'I-JN

i\l\\\lllllUM. .  .. , ..
Asstttlrtll \itts toiioits,
Si-ouisitiiiou. ,., ,.  .
Assoiitii \l'trltIS tiirioii .
biiitoiimi i-u.i itiiioir .
i\l)\lkll\l\t. summit
SM I\ I'IK\1l\!\ll

  

x
a
E

 

(uni/notion: l'tit Mc(i|)nu. Alli)
.‘ours
.‘Illl’ﬂllt‘f Sandy Robinson
I’l'ttlfllt'lltlll.‘ Irene l‘ll'lllill. l \tIll
t-oi1insky. Karen lltiiutltiiu. l)il\L'
Knplou, Debbie Kopl. I you
l.ru|ci. latinc lcsko.'.tclt.
lctittin. | ortiine libertititrc.
llclth‘ Mason. Stew Mauci.
Diana ()rttci. Ani_\ l'llllllp\.
Kathy ()ucal). Mcg Rolntttl.
Iii/ling: Debby Yclin Stcphiinic Sherman. .lt).ll|
l'rlir'iil/ iirmiugi-r: lllcn I the Silteibltitl. Adela Stet/ct.
(’tlJ‘l/It'I/A. llaiid i’lllllll“ Iritirrv Sltitlucll. Stir: lclliicr
IIl‘l/tl I l/lI.\l.' .lod) Wilnci

Mir/l ttt‘llt'l'.\.' Christine llcltint.
Slctc llrrrcket. Mike l'ircd.
Ken Klllll. M..l. Mcntitiott.
.lL‘Il) Mikiiicndii. Vrilcnc Motiuoio.
Mikc l'ciirlintin. Allan Rnuch.
“t‘llllh Schcyct. Aron Striitli

Al I' .llu/rugi'rt.‘ Stuart Stair.
i‘llL‘ll Marsden
f‘l't’l'll’tl.‘ llclcnc Itrniioi

lorlltli .' Ititit'tc (ilasci

lriroril. Kcll) Kila

I55 'I'nl "HS/I15!) Ill/o

Illt‘ .‘i/htllll' Slur/cm I‘rr‘is it published t‘l'l‘ll‘ 'Ii/csrlay anti F’fllll)‘ during the school year bylin-
.‘llllalll' .S'Iurlr'ril I’ri'u ('urpiirulion. an [Iii/spender" Irrrt¢for-prrijil organization. Edi/aria]
,rrr/ir'r f.) l/l'lt'lllllm’tf lu' Ilii' h‘rli'tur-i'li-(‘lit'if and f.\' .l'llhit’t‘l Io review by the Marl/wad Stu/l
Mailing address: Alltmir Slur/ml I‘nut, CC .129, I400 War/tingle" Ava, Alhany. NY [2221.

 

 

 

 

AleN)’ srudeur pness CORPORATiON

aoxno or oinrcroirs
Srizriirsu DZINANKA 0 SPENCERAGGIO 0 DANIEL GAIN '

 

 

 

 

.... .ri-Ii‘l‘rlr

