 

tiles For. Energy
Bottles; For Conservation

 .. Stu Glmklnmm.
In the context of today's energy crisis. would be created by instituting a state-wide

something as seemingly insignificant as.

returnable bottles takes on grettt importance.
The returnable bottles is an issue that scemsto
go in cycles—sometimes it is very well known.
an important environmentttl and energy issue.
while at other times it is forgotten. an
interesting but (at first glance) impractical
approach to solving the solid waste problem.

NYPl RG has been involved with returnable
bottles for four years. and We have once again
mrtdc it a priority issue. This year. for the ﬁrst
time. an Assembly committee approved the
bottle bill. partially because of NYl’RlG‘s
intensive lobbying.

In counties all over the state. efforts are
being made at passing local bottle ordinances.
and the list of supporters of the brittle bill is
growing longer every day.

What is this bottle bill‘.’ Why should we give
tip the convenience ofdisposablc cans'.’ Does it
matter il l start using rcturnablcs‘.’ I could
ansuer these questions by rattling ol'l'tons of
siatistics»~7% of all solid waste is beverage
containers; the nttriiher of discarded
containers is growing at a rate of 8%; ashiftto
icriirnablcs would save three tenths of one
percent of total [1.5. energy consumption
tenoitgh to supply all of New York City fora
year): but statistics tend to
become meaningless. What is
iitcarirnglul are some simple realities: we are
running out of Iundlill space; dtinipirig
grounds are becoming scarce: resource
rcco\et‘y technology is li\c years and billions
of dollars away. It all boils down to a single
question: what will we do with all otir garbage?

'l he orin workable solution is ctittirig down
the solid waste at its source. A relatively
simple and punch way of doing this is the
bottle bill, lltc bill mandates that carbonated
beverage containers Wlii hate a nickel deposit.
lltis way. bottles and cans will be let timed and
rcstrcd or recycled instead tli discarded.

Besides the energy and cniirorinrcrrtal
adtaiitarcs ol using less resources and
producing lcss solid waste and litter. there are
cconomi ' ad\arrt:tges lor tlic consumer. Soda
and beer costs less “lien it I\ in returnable
containers. l-acc rt. ititr'rc rtou payirigl'or tlic
think and the container. Additionally. a State
Senate lask i‘tllcc‘ estimated that 4.tltlll_johs

system of returnables.

Of course, there are arguments in
opposition. The major argument now is that
there is no need for returnables—-resource
recovery is on the horizon. and is coming to
save the day. True. it is on the horizon. but
unfonunately. the horizon is not reality. It will
still be years before resource recovery is a
viable entity. Though generally regarded as
alternative solutions to the solid waste
problem. rcturnables and resource recovery
are. in fact. compatible solutions. Bottles
could be instituted now. and when resource
recovery arrives. both approaches can work
together to deal with the solid waste problem.

Two of the most vociferous opponents of
the Bottle bill are the State Commerce
Department and Big Industry. Actually.
sometimes they seem to be oneandthesame.

The Commerce Department is touting the
resource recovery line (as is the governor).
using it as an excuse to put off the issue of
rcturnables. An additionttl factor for the
Commerce department's opposition that they
are trfraid that rcturnablcs would make New
York less desirable for Big Industry. This is a
case of being anti-energy conservation. anti-
environmental. and anti-consumer to appease
the interests of Big Industry.

liig Industry itself wants no change they
are perfectly happy turning out bottle after
bottle after bottle. . . . even though studies
have indicated that it would be advantageous
to industry to switch to returnablcs.

There is hope though. NYl’lRG has just
conducted a survey of soda prices in the
Albany area. and we have found that there is a
bi) ccnt difference in the price of returnable
rind disposable bottles. We are also doing a
litter survey. the results of which will be used
in a statewide lobbying effort. (letting brick to
the question ol whether it will hpr if you buy
rcturnables. the answer is yes. it will (along
with saving you iiiiiiicyll. ll’you'd likcto help
us. or just find out additional information tilt
the issue. cotttact the NYl’ll{(i office iii the
Campus Center.

We need help now in conducting our survey
and in gathering inlorritatiori to be used for
lobbying. l)on‘t let llig Industry pull another
one o\er on us. lertd ri liarid today.

 

 

 

 

 

F

 

inoﬂe
apology

To the Editor:

Tower East Cinema would liketo apologize
to everyone who saw the Monty Python film
and was disappointed. Unfortunatley we. the
staff. of Tower East Cinema were also
disappointed in the film. and were grossly
mislead by the distributer.

The distributer. New Line Cinema
Corporation of New York City. told us when
the film.was ordered. that it was an Exclusive
New York State Premiere of Monty Python‘s
newest film. Much to our displeasure the film
was merely a collection of skits shown
elsewhere under other titles. Further. we
learned within the last few days that otir
“Exclusive New York State l’rcmierc“ was not
even that. but the film had been shown at the
University of Syracuse two weeks prior to our
presentation with the knowledge of the
distributer.

Tower East Cinema did no! intentionally
mislead the Unvcrsity Community. and we
wish to apologize for any inconveniences
suffered.

The Executive Board
'l'ower East Cinema

inthe
ooh!

To the Editor:

On Saturday night. Oct. 29th. lbad my first
had experience with our bus system. I took a
Yankee 'l'rails from the circle at lztltl run.
which by my watch left five tnintites early.

I live in Alden Hall trrid ant accustomed to
the bus turning on Ontario and letting
everyone off in front of Pierce. this is a grctit
convenience. especially at late hours of the
night. The bus did not turn. lsuppose i could
have yelled to get off when I realized he was
not turning. but I was ill a costume and it was
rather cold.

The rude awakening was iii front of

I railways when the driver was so kind astotell
me. “this is the last run for the.“ l was tttider
the impression that bttses run until after three.
liven il they do not. this driver had no right to
not rttti the regular roritc.

l was very . upset. but fortunately my
boyfriend was with me. We took it taxi which
cost as 52.20. What would a girl do il'sltc was
alone at 1:30 in downtown Albany with no
money? This could have been my situation
but fortunately it was not. I may have ntatletui
error by staying on the bus. but I don‘t lhinltl
did. lftbis service is provided for the students.

it should be predictable. reliable. consistent.

etc.
lion riic liorvcrs

our
loss

To the Editor:

In response to Mr. Reilly's article on the
termination of Sandro liarone. "\sslsltlnl
Dean of the Graduate School or l'uhilc
Affairs. I feel GSI’A and the llriricisrti trill
lose a competent. tlggrcssru‘, and
conscientious idividual. in an era ol wurcmh
opportunities. it is comforting to knort [hm
this University has one person “hit or“ goortl
of his way to help the strident.

When Mr. Baronc was riotrlictl Ill \nguir
I976 that his contract would not lie |t'llt‘\lt'li
the following year. he could llri\e stllkcd ilnLi
pouted the year away. Instead. ilL' nunninrnt-d
the highest professional tltlcglll) ht
continuing to do the fine job in [1.Isl years

This University needs the tlctln-nrnni nl
administrators such as Mr. littliillc, In
demand excellence in our school, l\ rn ill:
appreciative and supportric or ihmc .irnuntl
us who g.ch their utmost under all
circumstances.

lillrot lclliiurli
(iradurrte btiirlriil. (iSl’l

cmumn
penshes

To the Editor:

Whenever l come upon an tllllt’it' h) .t
student on faculty ptiblislirng and II\ It'litlltlll
to teaching. i ask myself bclorc nunluig it,
“Will we once again Iind lltc tlslltil old lllt'li
and false cliches about lion lcttt'lrcrs \\ilt|till
research and publish rtcglct'l tlien reaching
and their students to whom lilL'\ lum- their

 

 

 

 

FEIFFER

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Monmoas.»a _

"W.......,.w.w-y w: v _"

wﬂwwmy
MW

 

 

 

 

