 

 

 

 

 

 

3.» _..s

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

L

 

 {guest- 

 

*ur» page in

The Power Strucwre

by Bruce Cronin

At the CDTA open hearings last Tuesday.
VP for Business and Finance. John Hartipn
stated that if he thought the proposed
contract. turning over SUNYA bus service to
CDTA was good. he would sign with them.
even if all the bus riding students opposed it.
This blatantly reveals important facts about
the decision making process. and power
relationships at SUNYA.

The power to set goals and priorities. and to
make decisions on issues in the university rests
soley with the administrative bureaucracy.
Like all bureaucracies. this power is diffused
through the various administrative offices.
with each "director" setting policv for issues
relevant to hts/her olftce. the president of
university has the final decision on day to day
issues and acts its the spokesperson for the
university. All control over the educational
process and the quality of student life rests
within the administrative departments. 'l'hus.
issues such as tenure. housing. arid the
priorities ol the university are handled only by
the administration. lhe university views the

administators as the employers. and the
Iuctilty as the employees. Where does this
leave the student'.’

Students are viewed :ts the products of the
tinitcrsi ' ’lhc university hires teachers to
produce graduates. Administrators. by setting
goals and priorities. deeidc what will be
produced. Viewed its products. we as students.
are gnen no control over what we learn. the
organization of our education. or the social
environment within the university (that is
housing. transportation. loud. health. etc).
Although we are the ones who receive the
education. attend the classes. and use the
university facilities. we are given no
participation in policymaking and decisions

 

An Open
Jimmy

Dear President Carter:

Before I go any further I would like tothank
you for the imitation to the Presidential
Inauguration. I'm sorry I couldn't maker
it. but it was the day of my bowling league
ﬁnals. Iyust couldn‘t let the guys down.

Willi ()MH director Hert I .tncc‘s ptlslllttn
being rather unstable at the moment. I feel
that I could be of some service to you sittttlld
you decide to let Mr. lance go. I wotild be
wrlling to fill his vacancy immediately.
Therel ore. l iitsh lor you to consider this my
formal appltaition for the job as Director of
the Office of Management and Budget.

Upon rcadingthe CIA. FBI. IRS. and PI A
dossiers on rue. yott will manner that l have a
relatively clean past record. (A few minor
indiscretions here .ittd there. biit be can take
care of that )

l feel that I am eminently qualified for this
position for many (if not all) ofthe following
reasons:

I. I have Just passed my Economics l0tlA
and IOOB courses. Straight "B‘s" too.

2. I have never been oietdrawn at my bank.
except for last Tuesday when I had to lay off
my bookie. How was I to knowthat the damn
horse was pregnant. She had labor pains
rounding the home stretch.

3. I have always managed to W.‘ “ll ”‘-‘ .

surrounding our education.

A student aSsociation is set up by the
administration to “govern” the student
community. within the guidelines and limits
set by the administration. The student
association is given power over the student
community so that it can run student
activities. distribute tax money. and mediate
over student affairs. The key here is that the
only pbwer given to the student association is
that over the student community.

The Student Association does not have any
power in the real sense. because it is given no
control over university priorities or decisions
on the aspects and quality of our education.
All distribution of power remains within the
administration. 'I‘herefore. any redistribution
of power occurs within these set categories.

also. If one student group wants more power.
they must take it from another student group.

The closest that students get to the decision
making process is placement on
administrative committees. Not only arcthcsc
committees formed and structured by the
administration. but they have no real power:
they tire at best advisory. Student placement
on committees does not represent any change
in power relationships it merely lets a few
students voice their opinions within the
administration. We are no closer to
participation in decisionmaking than we were
without the committees. Asking lor student
views on an issue is liir dtllerent than allowing
student participation tn the decision making
process.

lhc dectsion making procedure leaves no
rootii lor student (or for that matter faculty)
control. lhcsc power relations continue to
c\isl as long as we allow ourselies to be viewed
as products and latl to organize and demand
parltetpatton,

Letter to
carter

debts. I use my Mastercbttrge card to cover my
BankAmcricard hills. which I got paying off
my American Express card bills. Don't ask
about how I cover my Mastercharge bills: I
don't know what to do - however
Masterchargc doesn't know that. Just my
luck - I how the only bookie tn town who
thCL‘pls credit cards.

4. I do not presently own a controlling
interest to any major bank in Albany. I’hat‘s
Albany. New York. not Albany. (ieorgta.

5. I‘m in support ol the Panama Canal
treaty. (Not that this has anything to do with
OMB. l ittst thought that you would want an
extra trtend in \N’ashington.)

6. My last reason iti probably tiiv thost
cottipclling argument I Irate Ronald Reagan
movies.

So you cansee. Mr. I’restdcnt. not only aml
on top ol the situation .tt liatid bttt I am well
qualified too. Please contact me as to your
decision as soon as possible. I am looking
loriiard to oorkitig \\lllI you. lhank yoti for
your time.

Sincerely yours.

thI II. Iiuttcrklce

PS In case you want tocomcto Washington

tor an interview. please send Air Force Oiieto

I400 Washington Avenue. Hope you don‘t
tntnd if I bring a few triends.

 

one
OIhNO

To the Editor: '
Writing editorials is like picking winners in

a horse race: you win some and you lose some.

I am writing about the editorials in last

wages to employees of the record co-op. while
at the same time denying money to other
student leaders seems rather arbitrary and
capricious; something Albany students are so
quick to accuse professors and administrators
of. You-selected a winner here.

However. your secondheditorial on the
Country Squire bus problem is a loser. I
always thought the Admissions Office selected
and admitted a certain number of students and
the Residence Office housed those students
that showed up. To state that the Residence
Ofﬁce is less than competent because Albany
has more students than beds is ridiculous
logic. But then again. you cannot pick all
Winners.

Grace Randell

heanh
error

To The Editor:

Inasmuch as a typographical error(“not for
‘tiow") completely changed the meaning of a
sentence in the second paragraph of my letter
(AS/’9: 20/ 77). would you kindly print this or
run it correction. As ot'Sept. 2|. I977 we finally
have legal approval to provide services for
students of any age iii the Contraception
Clinic dtte to the recent easing of the law
alluded to in my earlier letter. Again we stress
that students ol any age have always been
treated in the regular Student Health Service
out-patient and iii-patient sections.

The students on this campus have good
reason to be proud ot their health service
despite the fact that no health lee monies as
such have ever gone into the service or are
going itito the service. and despite recent cuts
tn the stalling arid budget. I'hrotigli ingenuity
and extremely hard work the total Student
Health Seruce stall. iiicltiditig clerical and
maintenance. have managed not only to keep
its alloat htit to maintain a standard of health
care Ior all students. botli tiicn and women.

Friday‘s paper. I agree with youthat SA giving '

which compares favorably with any in the

country, let alone New York State. The

vitriolic quality of rhetoric to the contrary is
surpassed only by its gross inaccuracies.

J.Hood. MD.

Director

Student Health Service

/

potter
-iuea

To The Editor:

This letter is written in response Itlllnllrllclc
which appeared in the September In t‘dlllonol
the ASP. entitled “Potter (‘lttb Conduct
Reviewed“. It is an attempt to t'\l’tlitlll someol
the contents at that article and to question
others.

Potter Club (not “Potters Club") ls unit“
investigation primarily because of it list (ll
fifteen incidents prepared by lltiltltld
Woodrul‘l‘. .‘olonial Quad ('oordtntitur.
These incidents occured between lllt' datesul
September 6. and October to. two, Aim
careful examination of this llsl. \L'wfill putntt
of interest were discovered. (it the littt-t-n
incidents listed. only six of lltcst‘ |ll\'t)l\t'tld
majority of Potter Club or happened at it (‘luh
function. The nine rematntng complains
involved either small groups ot I'otter t‘ltth
members or happened in llttmtlton Ilall httt
did not necessarily iIIVOlH.’ ('Itth iitctnhers
Also. of the seventeen Clttb members named
specifically in the list. eight of limit]. nearly
half. have either transferred ut graduated
Serious investigation atid posuhlc
'diiibttndmettt of Potter Club are hardli
jdstilicd in light of these Incts l)l\l’hllltlmt'l‘il
would mean the loss ol our section. is tit-Ila
our right to have meetings there. \tlitcli tintild
indeed beascvcrc punishment. \\eliiiduli.ttd
to believe that residents ol any other hall on
campus would be so punished for actions uli
minority of it‘s residents-or for the .tcitont at
former reéidents.

A student member ol the lll\t'\ll11illl\t'
committee. Bill Hayes. termed I’ottt-t t'luh'i
present status as "probation" ll lltls been our
experience that those placed on [\litlmllltll .trt-
usually done so alter a lair Illttl .tntl .trc lllt'll
notified ol their position. I’otici ( lttbliashtcti
denied both of these basic rights l’iohitunn
also lasts lor a limited period ol Huts Ills"
incidents now under tti\csttg.tttou tli't'lllt‘ll
nearly a year ago. and no \L‘llillh mml’l-l'l‘l‘
have been charged to I’ottcr (‘luli slllCL‘ that

time. For these reasons \it- it-cl |li.t|

 

 

 

 

 

probationary status if it ever existed. should
be lifted.

Some response is due the comment made by
Peter Benedict. committee chairman. to the
ettect that “they [Potter Club] seem to attract
a certain type.“ We challenge Mr. Benedict to
find a more diverse organization of students
anywhere on campus. Potter Club members
come from a wide variety of social and ethnic
backgrounds. including foreign nations. Club
members are involved in four different varsity
sports. are on the Detin‘s.List. and have held
major positions in SA us well as quad
governments. In fact. about the only common
denominator of this group is our friendship
and the fact that we are all members of Potter
Club and damn proud of it.

Potter Club has been knownthroughout the
years as the backbone of school spirit.
especially in the support ofthe athletic teams.
win or lose. 'l'he clith hits also been associated
with various charitable organizations. most
recently the American Cancer Society.

Io disband the oldest organization of men
at SUNYA. atid destroy a tradition of
friendship bit the basis of a list of exaggerated
reports from a year ago is indeed a grttve
injustice.

Potter Clttb iias thirty ttctivc members as
well as a great number of altimni who are
active to varying extents. In our opinion. it is it
wonder that thirty-plus good friends can live
together as peacefully its I’otter Club has.

I'he Members of the
l‘(l\\‘lll'tl Ii. l’ottcr Club

kosher
kﬂchen

To the Editor: .

We. the managers of the Kosher Kitchqn.
would like to use the ASP as a forum for
expressing oitr viewpoint from the other side
of the serving table. We are aware ofthe good
reputation that the Kosher Kitchen has. and
we intend to keep it that way. However. there
is more to it than meets the eye.

The Kosher Kitchen is a cooperative
program where each and every member must
give of his time in order to sustain the
operation of the meal. This includes setting
up. serving the meal and cleaning up. We have
also set down specific rules designed to help
keep board prices down. which are: (I)
members must eat Kosher dinners on a regular
basis. and are not permitted to eat bit the non—
Kosher line. (2) as stated on the board
contract. and on the meal card itself. kosher
meal cards and anything obtained by it. are
not transferable. We reserve the right to
terminate the membership til those who fail to
comply with the rules. Refunds are available

 

(

 

THE SCAR?

FUNNV 0F you To NothE-
I GOT IT IN PSVCH tor.

WORTH 3 anions.

 
 
  
  
    
 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
   
  
 
 
   

 

  
  
 

 

 

 

‘rf

through the food service ofﬁce only if you
drop the program voluntarily.

Last. but most important. managing the
Kosher Kitchen. with all that entails. is our
job. Yes. we know it's not the Barnsider or
McDonalds. but we don't try to be. We're
doing the job the best way we know how.
We're receptive to new ideas. suggestions and
constructive criticisms. We‘re people too. and
we eat the snide food you do.

Adele Goldberg. manager
Ruth Rosenstock. assistant manager
David Siegal. assistant manager

save
the patrol

To the Editor:

Lust semester University police and
students organized on an experimental basis a
student patrol. Five patrols of two students
each worked six hours a night every night
patrolling the four quads and the downtown
campus.

Student patrols provided escorts late at
night and served as extra eyes and ears for
campus security. They also functioned as a
ltnson between sttidents arid campus police.
relieving tetistoti and animosity between the
two. The program was viewed by many
students as a useful service which provided
students with payingjobs.

1 his semester. there is no funding for the
progrant. However. strong student support
for the program could convince the
administration to find fttndsfor the program.

If you wttnt student patrol to continue.
please direct letters of support to the ASI’
and/or write a letter directly to John
Hartigan. Vice President for Business and
Finance iti Adrninistruttoii 32‘) via tin-campus
mail

Nancy R. Joseph

Chem
alive

To The Editor:
llie Chemistry I’li.l). program is alive and
well arid living in Albany.
lhe A Sl’stall is sick and dytngaiid needs an
infusion of journalistic responsibility.
John N. At'onson
Dept. of Chemistry

tune
for israel

To The Editor:

I am prompted to write this letter because
last Wednesday tiiglit | tinderwcnt a unique
experience. I was ttiiiong |5tltl .lews running
the gamut ol personalities. who came to
experience Kol Nidrc services iii the CC
ballroom. Sadly. there was no contemporary
message delivered -_|ust a straight recital ofthe
ttatltlioual chants. I feel compelled to include
a contemporary message. for these are key
moments. Currently. the State of Israel is iii a
state of crisis: She is being confronted on a
number of dtllicult fronts. She faces an annual
inflation rate til 30 percent. Imagine what that
would do to the price of Fleeiwood Mac
albums!

Israel is being asked to make dirtietilt
decisions art but very ttttttre. for she is being
risked to deal away her borders and possibly
her very future. I’Itc ltitttt'e ofthe Middle East
is difficult and complex. Certainly. the time
bits cottie to intelligently tttid fairly lllllllyZL‘ the
future ot the Middle Last. Just such an
opportunity will he provided at a meeting of
concerned students for Israel.

It you care. please attend. for the Name is
now!

 

Dave Kasdiin

The. Heat cutprtt

Treading the murky waters of the proposed CDTA takeover is not a
particularly enlightening experience; the terms and services and points
of agreement seem to change with each round. ‘

The latest of the open hearings has. however, given up one golden
nugget of truth, as related by Vice President for Business'and Finance
John Hartigan: “The state does not feel responsibility for ol'fécampus'
busing.“ ‘ - .

In one fell swoop. the State of New York has reduced a sizeable'
proportion of the students attending this university to second. class
citizens. If the SUNYA’s bus system is designed solely to service the
downtown campus. what's next‘.’ Express lines that will no longer stop at
Colvin. Allen or Main? Bus passes for Alumni Quad. residents only?

Then. a second blow from the state: the Division ofthe Budget will
only approve funds for equivalent service. not better service. Is
equivalent service simply a matter of meetingthe same schedules? When
SUNYA students are left standing in the snow as buses loaded with
Albany High kids and downtown businessmen pass them by. is that
equivclent service?

If SUNYA trades in an exclusive bus service for a city-wide system.
there will be obvious and immediate disadvantages~substantial
compensation is necessary if the service is to be brought up to a level
equivalent to that of the green machines.

As an issue. and as a rallying point. the CD’I'A takeover has done
quite well. There haven‘t been megaphoncs in the Rat since the Third
World folks wanted more bulletin boards. But the real villain in this
piece is the DOB. It‘s difficult to batnc CD'I‘A for trying to dig their
business out of a $500.000 hole; the SUNYA contract is a financial
necessity for them.

It is DOB applying the backstage pressure to both SUNYA and
CD'I‘A at the expense of the students. of course. It is DOB which has
its eye on the 300 grand in matching Federal funds CD'I‘A stands to gain
with the SUNYA contract. It is DOB which has effectively taken the
final decision out of the hands of SUNYA‘s administrators.

And it is DOB which is fully deserving ofthe wrath ofthe students of
S U N YA.

 

Quote of tlte day: . I I
lrrt'pm'tl/ilc lmi'tii lltl.\' In't'ti tlonu In lllt' l’t‘.\'t'(ll‘t'/l t'l/trt'l.\ tl/ Illt‘ l’.\'vl't'/Illlt)l."t' lnymt IHIt'Il/ um q/
lllt’ .\l'/lUtIl. ll’t' rutr'l t'l'l‘l' l'lllllt‘ litlt‘lt‘ In the situation "'1' It't‘l't' in litf/ill‘t'. .

Psychology professor .lutiics l'cdescht

 

 

 

 

SPENCE [homo Erlt'lur-i‘n-(‘lii‘c/
JONATHAN Honour Managing Editor
WALHZR TIIORMAN Business Manager

JEANNE .lxv Production Manager

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . ‘I‘itoMAs MAR’I'EIJ.“

Assot‘t/t'rr rirws EDITORS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .MAI‘I'IIEW Cox. ANITA UN'rtattwr srit

Sronis rotiort  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Eliot ' EMI:l(hIAN

Assoctxrs sroii'rs tzimoit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Annv l-tttt-sroNr; ‘

Enitoittxt. ram. rotrtiit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . .JoN l.r\l'l\\'l:ffl:

* - ' ' lint/m CAIIIIJ.
ADVIR'IIMM MANMrHt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  _ U I
SALES viiisoNNrt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . Mtxrt ARIMN. Rtt'ttit: MhRMblbl‘blN

.Nl \vs Lotion

 

 

 

  
  
  

(it’ll/Illft‘d'.‘ l‘Tlmh‘ Smith

Morgue: Sandy Robinson

I’rmlurttun: Irene Firmat. Evan
Fortinsky. Ktirctt Hamilton. Dttvc
Kuplow. Debbie Kopf. Vicki
Kitrtztnan. Lynn Laufer. Laurie
Lesko. Jeff Levitati. Loraine
Liberatore. Hope Margulies, Denise
Mason. Steve Mauer. Amy
Phillips. Meg Roland. Amy
Sours. Laurie Studwcll. Ktni
l‘ummolo. Ltiurti Walkc

Photography: Primarily supplied by
University Photo Service

ESTA IIIJSIIED two

Stutt'tt-nrcri: Jill Huber. llryitn
llollherg. Edward Rader. l’uul
Rosenthal. Leslie Vitigitn

A P Managers: Stuart Starr. Ellen
Marsdcn

Preview: Helene 'l'ttnnor

Zodiac: Laurie (ilascr

LJIJ'UHI.‘ Kelly Kittt '

Billing: Debbie Yelin

I‘ayrull manager.- Ellen I‘ine

Classifieds: Dttvid Phillips

('irruluttun: Ida 'l'rnsclictt

Head tiyrtrt: Judy Wilncr

Ctiiiipositt'tni: I’tit McGIynn

'Ilit' Il/lllllll‘ Student Print It published every rilt’Jl/all' and Friday during Illt’ school year by Illt‘
rllllllltl' Student l'lt'.\‘.\ (‘or/mrrititni, tin independent Iltll-fur-prtlﬁl organization. htllltlrllll
[ioltr'uls determined hr the l:'¢lt'tor-t‘ti-Cliitff. and Is .i'ubjr‘rl to review by Ilie Mart/trad bud)”.
Mailing address: Allmni- .S'utdt'nl Press. CC 329. I400 ll‘tu/itngloli Ava. Albany. N I I2...2.

 

 

O
IdlMMWYSWUdeTINRESS(XNRPKHWKTKMN
Iotiitn or mnecrorts
STEPHEN thNANKA O Seance RAOCIIO 0 DANIEL Games

 

 

 

 

