15106.”.

A

SH President

Jon Lafayette
David Gold
Paul Feldman
Don Holt:
Dan Gaines
Robyn Perchik
Mitch Werner

Indian

Sharon Ward
Debby Lyon
Anne Noonan
Debbie Raskin

Dutch
Craig Weinstock
James Mitchell
Brian Orol \
Mike Hetchkop
John Sharkey
Bill Hayes
Sam Bickcl
Fred Brewington
Kim Burke
Mitch Canter

Colonial ._
Cheryl Chisolm
Abbie Havkins
Bruce Plaxen
Roger Van Etten
.David Lieblich
'Mark Borkowski
Mitchell Schuman

Unlvo ty Councll
Patty Helbock

Dan (James Bob Scigel

(iury Lee Bennett
Jon Lafayette
Rob Klod

Paul Fcldman

Michael S. Curwin
Cary Klein

Peter Axelrod
Nolan Altman
Cheryl Schneider

Utilvoralty Scoot. -

Dutch

Dorothy Ehrle
Lloyd Wirshba
Brian Sands
Sam Bickel
Lorri (iastworth

('olotiial
Hugh Hill
(Jerald McDonald

Close of I978

President - (iary Lee Bennett
Norman Schwartz

-'orlsc“anal ates  ‘-

State Alumni
Bob (jetman
Mark Kirsch
Joel Korn

Dave Weintraub

Rlumnl Boord

Roger "Vegetable" Herbert

Vice-President - Allan Kaufman

 

r:

SRNICo-Pruidont

Jim Aronoff
Steve Miller
Anne Markowitz
Katliy Baron

Control Councll -

Commuters
Collecn'Adams
Dianne Piche
Rob Klod

l’aul Jeffery
Roni Stern
Bennett Dressler

Steve Pass

Dan Forman

Sue Sokol
Romcllc E. lsaacs
Evan Lainc

Bill Collins
Norman Schwartr
Arthur Hidalgo

Bridget Hector
Mark Stollar
David Gross
Mcg McAneny

SRSU/Studont Rescinny

Sharon Ward
(iary Lee Bennett
Arthur Hidalgo
Debbie Ruskin
Bennet Dresslcr

Jean Stabinsky
Rich (ireenberg
Bruce Klein

Steve DiMeo

Joe "Cakes" Catiero
Rich Weiss

Greg Lessnc

Uary Parker

Vicki Kurtrman

(‘ommuters

Judah Shapiro
Gary Lee Bennett
Dianne i’ichc

Jim Aronoff

Rob Klod

Roni Stern

Bill Collins

.lerry Mandelbaum
Bennett Dresslcr

Indian
Bob Moore

('Iass ('ouncil - Arthur Kotin
l’aul Birnbaum
Joel (ilickman
lillcn (ioldwasser
Sue Wolff
.lody Schaeffer
(iregg Weiss
Charles l.cvtne
Karen Dickslein

 

 

 

A Program For
Energy Development

Throughout the US. students are standing
up to protest Carter‘s calls for sacrifice They
refuse to accept the permanent energy
shortage. demanding high technology
industry and not “labor-intensive" pick and
shovel jobs. This fight is overthc fundamental
principle of our nation. the idea of [trogrt'.t‘.r.
The students' refusal to accept the 'divine
right" of David Rockefeller and his
incompetent policies has encouraged much
broader layers among working people.
scientists. leaders of unions. industries and
honest political factions. to join the fight for
America's scientific and industrial
development.

The purpose of this article is to coiinterposc
NYI’IRG's anti-science policies of rcro
growth. the American tradition of htiinaii
progress through development In their
lobbying. NYl’lR(i proposes that they resort
to such primitive forms of energy as solar
power. and the social travesty of drttg
decriminaliration and proliferation. Far from
being a group to serve the public interests of
students in general. NY I’lR(i is a specific
political organitation. an offshoot of the
Nader national operation. committed to the

 

Editor's Note: This rtrtir'li' It'rl.\ ll'l‘llll‘lf hr the

'SUA ).»l l.lllllll‘ I’urtl' Ill r'ullttlmrntion li'itll

tlli' I-'u.iiun Iz'nl't'gi l‘t'lllltltllltlll.

policies of energy shut-down.
deindustrialization and drug-use
proliferation. This article will prove the actual
scientific basis for sttldcnts‘ commitment to a
national fusion energy development program
as the answer to the need for clteap and
abilndant energy. Furthermore. this will prove
the political necessity of defeating the
automatic taxation of the student body by
NYI’IRU. to he decided by stildcnt vote this
month.

In I977 the key to this battle is controlled
thermonuclear glui'iotl poll-er. the virtually
liliiillcss energy source. Since l’lRG taxation
was overthrown at tile University of
Michigan. resolutions have been introduced in
eight states with broad based cosponsorship
calling on Congress to fund a crash program
for fusion power as the center of a
commitment to utilize. and massively expand.
the capital goods and related high-technology
industries. [hey are also being asked to foster
high rates of capital formation. Most of the
labor party-initiated fusion power bills
explicitly denounce “Icro growth" and other
delndustrllilirers for whom I’IRU works. A
fusion memorial to Congress was passed by a
mic of Ill8 to 3 by the Maryland Home of
Delegates on March 29. On April 8. a similar
proposal was passed unanimously in the
Senate. A letter supporting full funding for

fusion research. written by Congressman
Mathew Rinaldo. has now been co-sign~.-d by
twelve other Congressmen.

As Congressman Rinaldo‘s letter points
out. by the end of the I980’s the world can
have virtually limitless energy. The fuel for
thermonuclear fusion reactors is not a rare
heavy element like uranium or plutonium. but
the light element deuterium. an isotope of
hydrogen found in one of every 8.000 water
molecules in the ocean. At current energy
usage rates we have over l.000.000 years fuel
supply at it low cost.

The House Science and Technology
Committee of the US Congress recently held
hearings on fusion power in which top fusion
scientists and members of the Research and
Development staff of the Fusion Energy
Foundation (FEF). and the US Labor Party
(USLI’) presented major breathroughs which
make possible the construction of several
types of test fusion reactors by I985 or earlier.
This testimony was totally blacked otit by the
New York Times and other Trilateral
Commission controlled media.

The hearings were field to consider the
Carter administration‘s proposed 20% ciit in
funding for fusion research. This is the first in
a planned series of cilts over a five year period
in the already meagre program until it is
eliminated.

That sort of policy is shocking. bill it should
not be surprising, The policy of cutting out
nuclear plants. and eliminating fusion
research. was first proposed by the Trilateral
Commission. it was tllcn reeinphlisircd as
immediate policy in the recent Washington
l).C. strategy session of the Rockefeller
Brothers Fund Environmental Task Force.
The battle beinglought to defend and expand
industry and science is not a new one. Alan
()gdcn. a representative of the [1.5. Labor
Party explained to a (iovcrnnient ()peratioils
Subcommittee. chaired by Sen. John Glenn
on March 25. why .laincs Schlesinger should
not he made Energy Dictator. Schlesinger was
carrying oilt a lory policy. They come frontal
long tradition ill America. This goes back to

the traitors who worked for King Georg II
and the British bankers. in their attempt! t _
make America a place " to be looted, .
Manufacturing and new inventions were made‘ , ~
illegal. During a half hour of detailed?
questioning by Sen. Glenn. Ogden explained
how Ben Franklin was a crucial figure in _ ;
mobilizing America for a policy of industrial.
technological. and scientific development.
Franklin realized that political action was
necessary to continue the work he initiated in '
the education of scientific cadres. as with the
founding ofthe Society for Useful Knowledge
in the l740‘s. Franklin also founded the ﬁrst
chain of popular newspapers in the colonies.
specifically as a vehicle for raising the
intelligence and the cultural capacity of the
population iii technology and science. He also
helped the public learn to deliberate on
national policy. Franklin was unable to stop
the Britiin looting policy inside the Empire.
biit he did organirc political and engineering
aid from France and organized the political
networks that led to the Declaration of
Independence and the Constitution.

Today. the U.S. Labor Party is
collaborating withthc I‘EF. and otherallics. It
is atteriipling to prepare the way for a
revolution in the physical sciences and lead the
drive to remove the descendants of King
(ieorge III. the financial faction hell bent on
destroying progress. for whom Ralph Nader is
merely a disposable resource.

 

Due to the SA l‘lt't'llOILI‘ the ASP will be
[ll‘llllt'tl on li'ltllftltlj'. April 25, rather titan
’I'iti'stlttl'. April 36.

All lt‘lll'r.\ Itlu.l‘l he .t'llllltlfllt'tl by 5:00 pm
lllllr.i‘tltl_l', April 2/ for this publication.

0

I he xi .S'l' lrill/mlrlirh on tlir'_/'olloii'irig date:

/rn- the I't'.\'l Ill Iltt' .i'pring .renlexter.‘
April 3.7 ') April 25(Mon.).
.‘l/tt‘ll 29(l‘ri.). .llui' .llllll‘.i.),
liltll' 6(l-'rt'.). Mtrl' ltll'l‘ues.)
tllltl Mar l3(l-'rt'.).

llttn l'i’t'l'. ll‘f' will also pub/ill: tll't‘l‘ summer
\t'.\\lltll\. li'utr'li {or it.\'

 

A
GREEK ARCHITECTURE By Wm. Ta for A

Resolutions and Reforms

Central Council

State University of New York at Albany
N

VI‘IRG Resolution Blll
March 30. I977

Introduced by : Ad Hoc Committee on NYPIRG

It is hereby proposed t

I. That the resolution

but the following be enacted:
for the funding on the New York Public Interest Research

Group include in the (Jeneral Student Association ballots reads as follows:

Shall the Student Association fund the New York Publir' IﬂlE’l’J’f Groin, Inn.
(N YI’IRG) 52.00 per tax aylng student per semester. I understand t at Iltu
referendum .rhttll be binding or a two year period I] 20% ofthe ellgtble voter: vote, wlth
a murmur afﬁrmative vote being "ternary/or lunatic.  student who rloc: not Ivth
this 5200 to be paid may obtain a refund at t It.‘ beginning of each semester.

I understand ihrtt i/ 1th referendum fails. SUN Y Albany will no longer be a part of

NYPIRO

Mark one box: Yes

If. That this bill shall take effect Immediately upon approval Ill accord With the

Constitutions.

|'ut‘ll‘.|.k [JILL r .-

Approved:

Steven J. DiMeo
Student Association

u- .0...” 4.

Judah Shapiro
Robin Kissin

('eritral (‘ouncil

State University of New York at Albany
Constitutional Reforms
arch 9. I977
Introduced by : Internal Affairs Committee

It is hereby proposed that the following be enacted. g
I That article VII of the Constitution ofthe State University of New York at Albany
Student Association be amended to read:

Section 2: 5‘1"“:

Section II: Impeachment proceedings may be instituted by written petition of at least
one sixth of the constituent members of the tin-campus group re rcscntcd and one
twelfth of the members of the off-campus group represented. n the case of the
President or Vice-President of Student Association. impeachment may also be
instituted by a threee quarters vote of the total membership of Central Council. A
majority affirmative vote of the entire Ccntrtll Council is necessary for the
impeuchmelit of a Central Council member. A two thirds affirmative vote ofthcciitlrc
Central Council shall be needed for it verdict of guilty. These proceedings shall be
conducted by the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and the rules of evidence shall
apply in all cases

Section .1; Recall proceedings may be instituted by written petition ofai least one sixth
of the constituents of the on-eampus group represented and one-twelfth of the
constituents of the off-campus groups represented. Recall proceedings for the
President or Viccwl'rcsidcnt may be instituted by one itixth of their respective
constituencies. At least a majority vote ofthe constituent members votingof'the group
represented shall be necessary to carry out the mandate of recall.

Approved:
Stc'ven DiMeo. President

 

study and appreciatlon of tho archltecture of the reeks
from the 6th century BC to the 2nd century BC Temple
architecture :5 the locus of this book. however. lessor
shrines. theaters. the ideas of the town and its architec-
ture are also discussed. fllus in Full-color and BBW.

Pub. at $4.95 Only 1.9!!

. THE KOSHER COOKBOOK TRILOOV. By Ruth
and Bob Grosaman Now In one volume for kosher gour-
mets with a taste for the lnternatlonal — three classics
combining nb—tlckling humor. sophisticated text and reel-
pes for let) outstanding dishes from Italy. France and
China 5 all tested. all kosher. This volume ls dedicated
to the princtplo that a good cookbook doesn't have to be
dull — and Orthodox cooklng need not chase the mod-
ern. sophisticated lamlly away from the table.
Pub 5187.95 Only 2."

THE ERRANT ARK. By Philip Dfole, Foreword
by Jacques-Yves Cousteau. One a the foremost au-
thorities on animal and marine life malntalns that our 20th
century programs of proservatlon and conservation have
in tact impeded the survlvai and accelerated the extinc-
tion of many 3 else. Drawing on hla own lively and
frequently mov ng experiences. he argues eloquently
that man should reconsfder hls relationship wlth the an -
mat world to preserve the interdepende that traces to
prohistorlc times.

Pub. 8/ $8.95 Only 2.“

Hardcover Book

FAT CAN BE BEAUTIFUL By Abraham l. Fried-
man. MD. Stop dletlng and start livlng‘ Perhaps you‘re
one of 20 mllllon Americans who were born to be fat from

onetlc and metabollc causes. Faddlst doctors vietlmlzo
t a public it exploiting the meme for sllmness. but there
are lots of attles who are notably happy. healthy and
successful socially and professlonally. The answer is to
stablllze your wolght with sensible sulfur; and a few spe-
Ciflc exerclses. Then you can be healthy. beautiful and
sensuous, tool
Pub. at $7.95 Only 1.49

THE TREASURY OF NEW ENGLAND
ANTIQUES. By George Michael. For collectors and ad-
mirers of antiques, a highly instructive guide to New En-
 [geas'ur'es lExplore?! the worlds of glass. silver

ur .prn s. ace 5 an other area t' -‘
lsnly Illustrated Indexed. s 0 News" Lav
Pub. El 312 50

THE FRED ASTAIRE L GINGER ROGERS
K. By Arlene Croce. Over 100 photographs from

800

the 1930's tllms of Fred Astaire A Gloom Rogers as they
danced a chain of love duets that romah today the un-
touchable standard for American theatrlcal dancing A
dotlnltive book on a memorable alliance.

Pub. at 89 5'5 Only 1.49

Sale 50 - 80% on

These and hundreds more

Books Are The Best Buy

in the Trade Dept at
The Bookstore

VEGETABLE GARDENING. By Fred Bonnie ll-
Ius. with maps. photographs and drawings. Complete
guidebook for growan 44 individual vegetables with a
separate section on herbs. Includes instructlons for how
to prepare SOIL fertilize. plant and harvest. Also Includes

instructions for co talner gardening.

Tradltfonal Craft. By Ann-Sargent Wooster. Over 270
photographs and drawmgs. several in Full-Color. Neces-
only 1“ 2:3! lnformailon to start you on your way to deal fling

liquo and reviews all the newest methods at quiltma
ng. Easy-
Pub. of $10 00

Special 2.98
OUILTMAKING-Tha Modern Approach To A

sewlng your own quilts. Dlswssos patchwork up.

to-follow directions.
, Only 4.98

 

 

Student Association

APRIL 19, 19.77

.. d‘ro-wtnlr . .. .. u ,I“,. “U ,,..... ..-~

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE SEVENTEEN ‘

 

