Cross Country Meet

Oct. 12. just show up to enter. To be held at 4:15. Practise
Basesball-Cross Country Course.

Volleyball

All leagues. meeting today at 3:30 in LC 12

 

glixed Doubles Billard
..0

Tomorrow meeting at 4:15 in CC 375 for teams of 1 man
and 1 women.

Sguashball

.neeting Thursday (Oct. 13) at 3:30 in CC 370. All teams
grill consist of 3 men and 3 women. (4 walled volleyball
layed in a squash court)

funded by SA

 

 

 

unsuitable for mat writ hnlhcra

0 50%discount on food and beverage
Total discount not to exceed $1.25
(excluding alcoholic beverages)

0 Student must have a meal contract
that includes luncheon meal

Procedures:

-onli' the student who owns the meal card can get the
discount (no guests)

-Student must sign back ofcheck and include meal card
number and residence hall

-Before check is written. tell waitress you will be using
meal card discount

 

 

The days of EnthusiaSm, Spirit and Fun have returne
to SUNYA. To commemorate its rebirth....

The Great Dane Pep Band
Presents Their:

lst Annual Homecoming Queen Pageant

 

 

 

columns 

 

 Where are 

by Neil u'. Interltle'e -
'In our highly scientiﬁcand technical society
we have" reached a point in our lives where

' almost anything is possible. We have sent men
' to the moon; we have contracted new forms of

V.D.;"and thanks to Bell Telephone we can
new phone our loved ones‘cross country(after
.‘l a.m._ only) for less than sixty dollars. I‘ll bet
you‘re all saying. “Now that we can phone
long distance what else is left to accomplish?“
Glad you asked that. There is still one thing
left to be perfected: cloning by long distance
(after 3 ram. only) ‘l‘cll ViaClonc Systems. a
subsiduary of Engull~ and Western. (where our
motto is: ‘hclping us to help you clouc better‘).
have almost pcrl'cctcd thc cloning by long
distance theory. Some of you might ask (and
somemight not) “ViaClonc‘l” Well, why not a
clone?

For those of you who do not know what
cloning is: it is the process whcrcby a human
being is ascxually rcproduccd front a sct of
genetically identical cclls.

Well it seems that thc process ol'cloning has
caught on rathcr rapidly in rcccnt months
among lhc so-cttllcd "jet-setters" for whom
cloning was seen as the ideal rcst pcriod.
However due to its exorbitant price the
"Cloning Advantage" was not al'l'ordahlc to all
\tho wanted it. Ibis Is whcrc I'cll ViaClonc
Systems comes in. Iltcy sct up a system of
tntrictttcintcrstatclclcuintmuntcattugcloning
networks. whcrcby thc incriigc citi/cn can
ascxually reproduce himsclt' across thc
countryjust by dialing long distance. in other
Words you can bc cloncd in (‘alilornia without
c\cr leaving Ncw York.

=i'-.r_..

There are some implications that can be
derived from this. if the “Cloning Advantage”
turns out to be successl'ull. For example sex
would no longer be used, to reproduce. We

would all just get sterilized and never worry

about stopping off at the drugstore before a
big cvcning. lmuginc being‘ablcto go to bed
without worrying: did she or didn‘t'she take
the pill. Sexual reproduction is out » cloning
is in. -
However before you start throwing away
your pills and start ' getting sterililcd.
rcmcmbcr that cloning by' long distance has
not been pcrlcctcd. l’rcscntly if you cloned
lrom New York. hoping to reach California.
you might only be able to reach Cleveland.
And who tltc hcll wants to bc cloned in
('lcvcland.

l.ct‘stnkc anIndcpthlookintotlicscicncc of
cloning by long distance. As you know this
process has bccn dcvclopcd by full ViaClonc
hyslcms. who modclcd it ‘al'lcr our present
telephone system. All cloning takes place in a
clonc booth. in the booth there is a box ontltc
“all into which you insert your sixty dollars
tcrcdit cards accepted. tio pcrsonttl checks
plcasc), Altci' this you pick up the receiver
(lllh bo.\ looks a lot like a phone. but it isn't)
and dial thc arca codc ol tltc state that you
“out to hc cloned to. lhcu youjusl place some
part ol your anatomytdon'l bc gross) intothc
[little box and the cloning begins.

l'lius goes the cloning process. So the next
time that you‘re in the mood. come on over to
‘ ell ViaClonc Systems and sign up for thc
Mtg advantage.

I by Jon‘ Lafayette

The days of demands are overi’ - .‘ 

The days in which .students'dcmanded-
concessions l'rom' .thc ‘ government. the
administration .or‘ any part of the
"establishment" is over. i '

Students no longer l'c'cl they are cntit led to
fair treatment for merely being here any
longer. They sccm'to‘ l‘ccl'that any claims for
better treatment from our “keepers must be
justified through long winded essays on “our
place in the university“ or on “how we are
effected by our curriculum.” '

Students still do not understand that they
are the most important and the most central
part of this university. Certainly it is neither
our faculty nor facilities that makes the
University at Albany the third best school in
the state. (ll you guessed it‘s because of the
administration. you‘ve been in too many
psych experiments.

the students ol this great institution arc
purported to be of extremely high caliber.
llicy all had 90 mclt‘agcs iii high school.
graduated at lhc top of tlicir class. or
translcrrcd \vith astronomic (il’A's from
community colleges.

llicy lll’L‘ all "oi iigc." lcgally old cttough to

y do, they iio adamantly refusal
‘I he students of Albany State. who are at
mainly coddlcd'tothc hreustti ol'their mothcntg .
and l'athcrs.-and‘iitill‘dcpendcnt upon them or; ‘ r
lhc state for the money that brings them beret“
sccm reluctant to'iicvcr the umbilical cord. to.

lcavc the salcty ot'the womb of academia they

have enjoyed torso long. ~

it is not surprisingthen. that students at this
university are more than willing to place their
litith in the administration of this school ‘
rather than turning out in force in response to_
issues on this campus. this in turn is the
reason tor the frustration of the few activists
on this campus who can't seem to fathom the
great apathy on campus.

Studcnts who don't pay for tuition. rootn.
board. or books really don‘t care what they
cost. so trying a tuition boycott would be.
cI'a/y. Attacking the food on campusis met by
glanccs which answer "wc can‘t rcully expect
anything better. can we?"

lhis atmosphere ol shelter is what stands
between students receivingan education and
gctting one. And from gettiiigiiltnost anything
clsc we might want on this campus.

Poem for ’77

by Michelle I’ulliuan

lhc cold spell the heat \\a\c itic lust tuo
l.‘\liL'lllt'\.

lout Scan-i lltc lull player “as kiumii ltl
\\\llL‘ll teams.

lllt.‘ .44 Lilch' \lltl\\t'tl no giicl.

liiu “licu the) cattglil Sam alt. What i'clicl!
lioth Elvis and (ii'ouclio had suddenly dicd.
Wltilc mum in laus Inst sat drum and crictl.
lllt'lL' has also ilw stltL' ol Anita tlit'yant)
against tlic g;i_\'~.,

She stood lor ".iuauliouil" \multlu‘t you say!

 

If you want more information about majors at SUNYA

lltc lloml lll l’t'iumliauui cost many tlicu

Iltllllt‘s.

\1ltl. tum ilu-x‘rcall h.iitiiig|tiiccci\c l‘t‘tlL‘l'lll

lmm

lln- thought Ill t.ililoruia is causing mam. A

main lll\‘\.

llut tlm'u- llt‘pllllllllil tn t‘\llll}.'lll\ll lllL‘lll \\llll
unaltoiiiil lllL'l\.

lhc ycar ot ‘77 Wt“ bc a year to remember.
i just pray tlicic‘s no more atid it all ends in
l)cccuihci'

 

g “aver
, SHETLAND WOOL
, - CREW NECKS

The crewneck sweater
' returns for Fall in assorted

super colors to give school

wardrobes a boost and get

you through cold

classrooms.

100%wool. S - M - L - XL

18.95

Thursday Oct. 20 at 9:00 pm Campus Center Ballroom

Admission is Free, Refreshments
will be available.

To nominate yourself or to nominate a friend. put Name and Phone
Number on a piece of paper. and drop it. in the SA office in the Campus
Center (3rd floor. 346).

Nominations close at 5 pm Friday. Oct.14.

Entrants will be contacted thereafter for further instructions. Final

selection will be based on Appearance. Poise. and Personality as

determined by a select group of Judges from the Faculty,
Administration. Student Body. and other campus personnel.

Prizes
Dinner and Cocktails for 2 at “Bogarts”
Pizza and Cocktails for 2 at “Across the Street Pub”

Free Meal for 2 from “Jerry’s Delicatessen"

Lunch [or 2 in the Patroon Room courtesy of “UAS”
$10 Gift Certificate from “Mc Donald’s” (Wolf Rd.) Burgers, Fries and Drinks for 2 courtesy of "Sutter’s"
$17 Hand-made leather belt supplied by “Moondance” 2 Pizzas from “PK '8 Italian Kitchen”

$10 Hard-cover book supplied by “Follett SUN Y Bookstore” Dinner for 4 at Lums

2 Steak Dinners courtesy of “Ponder-05a Steak House”( Wolf Rd.)

Plus much more: and of course the Queen will
ride in her own float in the Homecoming
Parade. Car supplied by Lazare Lincoln-
Mercury

t’unded by S.A.

 

 

 

If you want to be better prepared to choose courses at

rere stration
ff youg‘want to hear how your choices might relate to your future I

Then you should plan to attend the‘ “Major Views" programs
hich relate to our areas of interes . ‘

¥he "Major Viegs" Program. presented by Llniversity College in

conjunction with departments offering majors at NYA. lllﬂﬁ

been developed to assist you in obtaining relevant informal. on

which might help you to choose courses. amujor o'rfuture goali:

Each “Major Views" program will locus on a specific major an

will have a format dealing with such items as:

the nature of the discipline I

the goals of the academic area offering the major

major requirements

courses related to the major '

second fields which might support the maior I

probable expectations for graduate school admission

possible career opportunlt on

special programs. opportunities.

major

P99399539?!"

or expectations related to the

The principle

Each session will be scheduled for one hour. mm'schoonnd

or will be rain the ma'or's departmentj pro
21:22 memberffrom the Urliversity College will be availalcillel t8
assist in the answering of questions. Sessions will be sight;] I: ?
during the period from Oct. 8 to Nov. 11. it. should be note t ah;
most cases. only one session will be devoted to a mitjge.
certian majors. more than one sessron may be Echﬁdljl e . mus
The specific schedule of sessions will be posted it Var me
locations. such as residence halls. the off-cam us lounge. and
Campus Center. University College. the Lecture enter area.
in the classroom buildings.

You owe it to yourself to attend one of those sessions which might
help you plan for your tuture.

 

 

 

 

K I Stuyvesant Plaza, Albany

 

Cafe Manishewitz

(/l lie/fleet substitute/Or Ila/l & Oates!)

4 hours of action packed non-stop Cabaret Entertainment.
13 Acts - Magic - Comedy - Song - Cheeseboards

Saturday October l5, Dutch Penthouse at 9 pm.

$. 75 members
$1.50 non-members

Tickets on sale now in the CC Lobby all week. and may be sold at the
door

 

Quantum? Call More 457-4975 funded by M

 

 

 

OCTOBER 11, 1977

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

PAGE THIRTEEN

 

