 

star-M ‘ JWAW W.

 

 

 

 

  
 
 

 

 

anteater.
words

To the Editor:

I v Asa member ot'the.Student Affairs Staff. I
led a strong obligation to respond to the
proposed, changes in the academic calendar.

’ -'My position are Residence Director for the

‘ past two years has brought me into close con-

; ‘ tactwith the feelings and-attitudes ol‘ students

I; here at SUNYA. From this exposure. I must

g conclude that the proposed-alterations waiild

‘1 I ; have serious eti'ects onthestudents. as well the

4
Q
5
J

 

. '- stal'l'. My reasoning is basedonthelollowing:
s t, ' As things exist now. students are being
. pressured by academicdcpartments and peer
competition to limit their college experience
. t, i almost solely to attaining high‘cumulativc
E .j’ * averages. These are. not necessarily
i ‘ synonomous with intellectual achievement.
' i The faculty and stall seem surprised and
disappointed at the overwhelming occurrence
ol' cheating. Yet they refuse to recognize the
part they play iit encouraging the need for.

~ suggesting that suspendingelusses on religious
. days will bring about a diminution incheating.
1 but I do wish to imply the need for Iactiltyund
i stall to assume a more proactive role in
, attaining a student development model.
" >- Consideration of religious days is a positive
Incans oi recogni/tng the student as it whole
person \rtth cultural. ethnic. and value
oriented needs.

The proposed calendar guidelines state:

When Ilrt- rat-tum" tlmw t'tlillt‘itlt' with Holy
Days. spacial polirt' on llllt'llt/(Illt't‘ and
examinations will he in (fl/i‘t'l. Inn t‘lll.\'.\'(‘.\ trill
no! be suspended.

Sttch a policy would lorccstudettis to make
decisions between attending classes (alraid to
miss out on tttlormation and even more leitrltil
. ol losing lil\'ttt' nith a prolcssorl and lamin
and moral obligations. Ilits problem becomes
. increasingly complex tor obscrrani .lctvtsh
 ' students \\ ho are not supposed to wol'k. write.
' or ride on holy days. the lact that the
proposed guidelines already rccognt/e these as
\pecntl days requiring special arrangements
implies a middle ol' the road hypocrisy about
the attitude toward t'eltgiotts days, ll classes
a Ill not go on as usual. ll seems more logical to
trrangt' the calendar so that class days Would
we ttttlt/cd to their best adtanttigc rather titan

 

 

 

students to respond this way. I am not-

to merely get him required number ofdaytt.
Other practicul’issues‘are' at stake. Firstly.
several of the religious 'dtiys occur at the very
beginning or the semester This is‘ a crucial
period for students. wishing to drop and add
classes'to.-thcir- schedules. «Holding classes
would infringe: on their'abilities'. to try out
different clas. es scram thework load becomes
inereasiitgly'gdillicult" ﬁpiekJ. up. .Those
student's .who‘,‘-l'o'r religi eas'ons; would not
u'ttendfclttsses'.‘ would. at-u'disadvantiige in
addingcourm in whicht . .
a place. Secondly-a holtd ,y such as Passover
requires veryspecial prep ,‘utionandcustoms.
It would‘b‘e nearlylr'npos'sibl'e to 'a‘ccom—
modate such prep ratidiis' in'thedorms.’
Suspe'ndi‘ng'ela. on.holy.days.isceriainly
not, a‘ matter Iol're 'g'n ' 3 these religious
days as state? holidaysfbitt simply showing
respect 'and ‘cnnsidemti'on. for. a. \{ery large
eonstit'ue'ncyl‘of I the st'i'ide'ntj' and ;l‘aculty
Populations...  '.  . I I. I
Invetincli‘tslon. i wouldlike'to state that the
chitiigin'g‘ol' the, student 'alendar to it non-
scetarittn" ones based i‘lely  legal.
economical and cducatitin ciinsidcratit‘in. is
sad.- ‘l'heuunivcrsity has itn.obligation to
encourage thefdevclnpinentpl‘ a student‘s

 

  
    

 
 

’

 

 

   
 

occasi hS'illl‘ niany_tti spend valuable time
with lantin and 'lrie  'lltese days are
opportunities for individuals to remove
themselves mm the mundane pressures and
get- back in touch with t lieniselves. their beliefs
and their‘lvalucs, We. as members oll'the
university stal'l‘. should feel a .strong

 

commitment to encouraging thes'e aspects of '

the intlividUal‘s growth and development. Isn't
that onr-mission‘.’ ” - " ', .
v ' ' _ _ Ellen Deutsch
Residence Halllljirector
. 1|)titeh Quadrangle

jingle bells,
jingle bells"

To the Editor: ' ~

HIL‘ week priorto liastcr 'neation..l had my
last personal encounter wnlt R. Frederick
Volkwdn. Assistant to -the President.
concerning the proposed calendar Changes.
My Inquiries were met wnlt hllr‘tllicl‘zlllt.‘
double talk and outright Itcs.

M r, VolltwL'inclatntedto haw knownahottt

difﬁcult to obtain

the problem of resuming classestheMonday » renew student membership on the
after Easter l'or“only about seventoten days". ‘ l itsell.

Here is a man in charge of, the academic-.1 The issue before the faculty is not when]
calendar and he doesn't: know. "Whal‘ students should play a role in unirtrsiil
implications may ariseasareiu’ltoftt'. tithe ‘ government or Whether students that);
intelligence ol‘ our administrators so low thai continue to serve on the Senate,
they can't incorporate it little l'oresig Into . ‘
their plans? ' . - .

Due to my efforts and those of a. ewfrtends;
we were able to‘bring about a special niee'tjflg.
ol' the Educational Policies ‘C‘Qmﬂliuiwﬂ‘b
lit tie '
What came out of that meetingwa
decision to ask the faculty notjto pe
students who'would miss classes‘du
religious obligations. This information wa
never communicated to the students .th laugh.
the ASP. WSUA,’or by any othcrmeans‘; 
not‘.’ .

As of Friday. April 29. there will be cl _
on holy days. Accordingto Mr. Volkwcin.t is'
was due to a lack ol‘ student mandate against '
these classes. 'l’his is an outright lie. Mro
Volltwcin. what happenedto approximatel ‘
two thousand signatures handed to you he I
both Indian and StateQ'ua'ds'.’ Did they goto‘ ‘
the trash can where the-committee would :baseball isva'dull game. when ttllcltdilnccutthg
never see them'.’  ' Itiprol'essional level has been tncrcasmg yea]

In last week‘s’ASI’ttrticlclco'ncerninglinal Rafter year.
exams on Christmas. c'vc. Mr. Volkwain  Why is baseball at Albanyihclcaslwatched
indtcatcdthal noettlchtlarinthe next sixycars ‘v‘itnd least talked about spott' lite lt‘iltonn
will have iinals end tittcr'IJeccmMr '22 or 23. 'It'wol’old. It begins With the lack ol puhltcuitnn
Judging from your obviousllaelt 'ol‘ l'ore- ;"givcn to the team atid its playm, lnmh 0|
Sight Mr- Volkwcin.‘ W9 hﬂd'heitbl; Prepare ~. Albany's other Sports. tans comclowalcllcet-
to take final exams next Christm " ' ' _ain publicized players, In loothttll it has been
‘. Rudy Vitofhrank Villanotn and ()rin (irtlltn.
'  soccer it has been l‘rank Secln and
‘lohnRola'ndo; In basketball. it has been Harri
CaVcnaugthinston Royal and Staten
. Winston. In baseball II is no one. i:\cltlh0
r - ~ years ago when State was hiL’SWd with the
'ttalent of Terry Kenny. stgnctl hi the San Fran-
I ' _. cisco Giants. no one came to ttntch. Manta
 -' baseball player has lelt tltc clttb ht‘L’iillht‘ nilitr
To the Editor: ‘   fill-mannered coaching lt'L‘httItlttt's oi ctarh

Ihe May Iaculty meeting wrll eo'nsitlc ' of Robert Hurlingamc.
amendment to the lactilty by-Iaws that would. ‘  In my own personal t‘ttcotttttch unlit-unit
milkv PermanentWSIUdcm»lhcallotmuntol” ,hurtingttmc. I've Iottntl nnn tn tut-t tn-
.1} seats on the Senate. the tieleat (it"this: .~,‘qualitiesthatmakcagootlcontlLtlwahiltntn
amendment would not end student ,"tntitivate young men and the tit‘\|lL‘[lI tttnlh
representation onthc Senate. bttl would leave. 'prcnchcs ;. phnomphy [hm m n.” “tth
'l‘ SUh."le l" Pt‘l'il'dic rI-‘VICW by the laculty. ‘ you win or lose. bttt who plan a He pndo
("n-“m "mm." hY‘IilWS Pl'm'idc 'l‘tir ' hilllSL‘“tlnpillymglilcnltisl\L'Itttittticttlhctsol
permanent student representation on Senate ' the squad. be they good ot hatl
committees (these include senators as well as My lirst contact with Mutant-ante \\.i\ in
""H'M’mllnl‘sl- Stttdcni membership on August. l975. As a high school \rniot I had
Scnatc counctls \rtll continue even il’ thc been recruited by “title than .1 n.i|| tlonn
Pruptiscd hy-law changes are dcleated and colleges extending tloun on t t~I tonxt to
etch ii the lacully. at somelnturedatc.lailsto North Carolina. on ntl .I \ttiail

. . l'hb‘quetit
ts whether laculty should retain x:

I "responsibility of periodically

 student membership on the Senate,
V Malcolm J. Sherman

I.  Mathematics Department

 

   
 
     
 
  
 
   
  
  
   
 
 
   
  
  

reviewing

 

 

I .baseball
burn

 

‘19. the Editor:

.College. baseball at Albany Sunt- tat
traditionally been endowed “Hit a lack til
si’u‘dent support. player enthusiasm. ands
lipﬁing season. p'l‘he average attendance iii an
:Atb'any baSeball game runs somewhat
«,aizound adozcn people. One could nuttaytha

 

 

 

 

 
  
  
 
  
 
 

   

seats on , .I
the senate?-  

 

 

 

 

l t‘iltisc In

 

 

 

 

if???»
or h

A830
, , LUTE
 ' CALM.

   

i

 

F

 

 

I'M” mm,

EIFFERr

h—J
/\

B

it CALM,

{EgalitTv d
. _/'\
W95 / WOEALW,
“56$? dawns av
ewes L '
00% Doc

 

 

3450356?

(\

EWON\

HIE

lien...

HEM)” e

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

_ i.
Senate 6'2

   
    
         
    
    
    
 
      
 
        
        
  
   
   
  
 
   
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
   
  
  
 
 
  
   
   
   
   
  
   
   
  
 

 

      
         
     

 

 

 

  

