 
     

t


.

3
l

 

 

,. (AI’)Thestate'etop
policy send. under
ress re from opponents
Myung Moon. plans to
, Dccember a decision on
the pm cation Church seminary’s
applieat me great degrees.

ff“lf we grant it. our action will be
widely interpreted as official
approval of the Unification
Church.“ said Emlyn Griffith of
Rome. an outspoken member ofthe
state Board of Regents.

The“ .seminary. at the site of a
former Christian Brothers seminary
in Barrytown. Dutchess County. has
l25 students and has been in
operation for years. But it needs
approval from the Board of Regents
to grant a Master of Religious
Education degree. _

The application has upset the
gentlemen‘s club routine of the IS«
member board. cmbroiling it inloud
debates about religious freedom.
brain-washing. undercover
operatives and the “character and
values" of Rev. Moon‘s church.

“I feel l‘vc led a pretty wasted life

 

 

in thlscountry if religious freedom is
only that which agrees with my
personal attitudes." Regent
Alexander Allan »ot"Troy said
Wednesday during LI sometimes
emotional Regents committee
meeting. Allan‘s side lost the debate
and the committee voted to
investigate the seminary further
before ruling on the application.
The full board is expected to ratify
the committee motion. which set a
December deadline. at its formal

meeting Friday. The seminary has

filed suit in state Supreme Court in
an attempt to force approval of its

, application.

' “If what we need isthetruth about,

the Moon movement’to make our
decision. then for God's suite let‘s
take the time to gei that truth."
shouted Regent Louis Yavner of
Manhattan. an outspoken foe of the
application.

Yavner is among those regents
who. in their pleas for delay. stress
their questions about the Uniﬁcation
Church. its links with the South
Korean government and allegedly

PRIZE minnows. CNEMFI
“IIIE IIIIlIllE ill ilIE Ilillllll"

Directed by Alain Tanner
"One of the very low intelligent films

about passion."
Penelope Gilliatt
THE NEW YOHKER

Friday and Saturday at 8:30 PM.

April 29 8t 30
$2.00 8t $1.25 with ID.

Recital Hall, Performing Arts Center

 

 

Pewter Cult Bracelet Or Pendant

  

$5

Each Complete With Monogram

Choose the wide cull bracelet or the
large classy pendant. Each is crafted In
satiny pewter and tor a limited time only,
we'll engrave them with your personal monogram
absolutely tree.
Use our Custom Charge Plan. your favorite
bank card or layaway.

wel

am “GMT! 1m OVEN 3 WW

NORTHWAY MALL

C OLON I E
459.2898
Mom-Sat. l0 ism-9:30 pm

 

 

 

PAGE TWO

Intelligence "' Agency'. and the

accusations about brain-'was'hing‘of'-

new converts. They noted that-a
section ofthe education law instructs

‘thc regents to approve only those

institutions whose purposes are “of
educational or cultural value
deemed worthy of recognition and
encouragement.“ A
Yavncr thinks Rev. Moon's is “a
dangerous relig'on. anti-Christian
and anti-Semitic.“ ' .

Other regents. such as Chancellor'

Theodore Black of Sands Point.
Long Island. stressed questions
about the seminary‘s academic
qualifications“ ‘

No-Foult 
Gets SlowStart

ALBANY N.Y. (AP) A planned
overhaul of the state‘s “no-fault"
automobile insurance law is getting
all to il slow start in the legislature.
with leaders so far unable to agree on
how tocut high autoinsuriince rates.

The Republican-dominated
Scntite i'tiiicd Wednesday in its first
attempt to pass it “no-fault“
automobile insurance bill that is
supposed to cut insurance costs.

'I'hat lack oi action WIIS an
indication of the difficulties that
stand in the way of major changes in
the state‘s no-liiuli Itiw.

Almost everyone agrees that the
Itiw huh litilcd to bath the lust upward
spiral oi tiiito insurance costs. Car
insurance costs have risen moretbon
55 percent in the liist two years and
more big rate bikes are likely this
your.

Election Runoff

(‘t'lllillllt’t/ Irrim page “11"

About I] per cent oi the siudcnt
body voted on the NY l’l RU rclcren-
duni. Willi the vote \vinding up in
favor by more than it 7-I margin.

A bricl which asked the SA
Suprcmc Cotirt to IiiiIl the rclcrcn-
dum was [tied Ittcsdiiy by SA Scr-
\ICL‘S Director Rich Lirccnbcrg.
Urcenbcrg stud N YI’IRU was using
SA funds to print posters. hand-
outs and mailings. Ibis was in
tioliition ol it Cciiirtil Council bill
\\I1lL‘Il stud IIliIl "No student tits
money can bc used tothc iiduinttigc
oi till) PtlSIIIUIl in illl clcction."

tirccnbcrg \titlidreti Ill) rcqiicst iii
the Iith minute on “cdncsdtty. IS

minutes bclorc ii sclicdulcd SA
Supreme Court hearing on the
illilllL‘I'.

Holy Days

ton/initt-rl7roiii ptlgt' mit'

stud Shun. “Sometimes the moral
thing to do is not the convenient. In
this case. the) opted for the con-
tcnient."

the new guidelines. which will be
drawn up in writing by next neck.
also Sitili.‘ that "the lull session
should begin tiltcr labor Do) and
end by December 14." I'bis means
that there is it possibility oi IIIIIIIS be-
iitg scheduled on Christmas Etc.

“lcchnically. ti'x pusslblc." stud
Vtilkticin. "But most times 'no IiIIL‘I'
thttn' usually means 'bclorc tlizin'
No calendar in the next six years. as
lar its I ace. \iill hitic them end tiller
the 22nd or the 23rd."

On Wednesday. representative
Jeremiah Bloom introduced it hill to
the state Scuttle to proiidc “that no
Class or any other course ol Itislruc-
tion shrill be held in any institution
within state untvcrstty on those days
of religious observance known as
Rash llashanab or Vorn Kippur."

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

with the South Itorean central 

     
   
 

    
    
   
 
 
 
 
  

 
 
  
 
 

 
 

Carter Proposes More Uranium Bills .
WASHINGTON (AP) President Carter. declaring. that preventing the
further spread of nuclear weapons material lit "one. of mankind‘s most
pressing challenges.“ is asking Congress to approve new safeguards on future
uranium exports. Carter asked Congress on Wednesday to approve I.l
proposal banningexports of uranium processing plants capable of producing
plutonium for nuclear weapons. His bill would also deny uranium shipments
to nations that fail to abide by International Atomic Energy Agency
safeguards and to countries not now members .of the nuclear club that
detonate nuclear explosive devices in the future. But one section of the
legislation would allow Carter to grant exemptions to the requirements if he
felt they were in the over-all interests of non-proliferation.

Supreme Court Overturns Plan

WASHINGTON (AP) The Supreme Court overturned Wednesdaya plan to
build a $347 million railroad extension iii New Jersey. ruling that money
from the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey could not be used to
finance mass transit projects that operate at a loss. In the 4-3 decision. It
victory for Port Authority bondholders. the court struck down a New Jersey
law that had set aside the Port Authority‘s contract with its bondholders.
Uov. Brendan 'l‘. Byrne of New Jersey told a news conference in Trenton he
intended to demand satisfaction from the Port Authority. which had
committed Sl20 million toward the $347 million rail extention linking
Newark to Plaintield by way of Newark International Airport.

CIA Chief Speaks to SIC

WASHINGTON (Al’) The director ol'the CIA said Wednesday that despite
some risk. the over-all cost of U.S. intelligence activities could be made
public. But a cost breakdown—even by agenciesuwould be helpful to the
nation‘s enemies. he said. “There is risk in every disclosure. bitt all of us Ich
the responsibility to be as open with the country its possible. so the need
warrants the risk being taken." Adm. Startsfield 'l'urner told the Senate
Iniclligcncc Committee. The CIA chici' led it list of witnesses as the panel
opcncd hearings aimed at determining whether any part of the nation‘s top
secret intelligence costs. traditionally hidden in the budget of the Pentagon
and other agencies. should be divulged.

Democrats To Present New Budget Plan
WASHINGTON (AP) Key House Democrats met Thursday to begin ili‘l
cilori to rcdrtil't ti proposed budget alter their first attempt was
oterwhclmingly dclcittcd in ii small-hours session. Weeks of work by lltc
House Budget Committee and two grueling House meetings produced it
budget plan ihiil WIIS dct'ciitcd. 320-84. in ii showdown vote early todtty.
Budget Committee Chairman Robert N. (iIiIImO. |)-Conn.. dccltircd alter
the session. "A combination of President Carter. the Armed Services
Committee and the Republican Party dclctitcd this bill.“ He sziid his
committee would meet informally Ititcr yesterday and would begin work
tormiilly on it new resolution today.

Senate Detects Republican Proposals

WASHINGTON (Al’) the Scnitte dclczited two Republican proposals for
permanent income tax cuts \VUtIllL‘Sdll)’ its Democrats ritllicd to President
Carter. And Ctirici‘ won it not but “Still victory when the House. considcrtngii
LII‘iIII budget lor nc.\i yciir. restored S4.l billion in authority lor the I)CIt.‘ll\L'
Department. the tiction brought military spending hilck to Curich
recommended Ici‘L‘I oi SIZUJ billion alter the Budget Committee httd toicil
to rcdticc it. lltc Ilousc tictcd tiltcr being told Curicr lizid personally lllittlt.‘ ti
liist-miiiiitc tippctil to Spcttkcr I'hoiniis l’. " lip" O'Neill for his dCIclISL'
estinnitc. Iltc \otc \HIS 225-ix4. 'l'lic Scntitc tiction supported Carter in Ill\
iiisisicncc IIlilI lurilicr perniiincitt tzik cutsshoiild IIWIIII (I promised thorough
Ill.\ rclorm proposal IiIlCr lIllh yctir.

House Subcommittee Approves Bill

“ASHINt-"TON (Al') I’rcsidcnt Carter's proposed Department oi l;ncrg_\
cleared its first legislative hurdle Wednesday when it lloitsc SlletlnlllllllL‘i:
tipproicd the bill :ilter curbing tlic power to be given the new Clthll‘lCIAlcwl
secretory Ibc approval by the legislation subcommittee ol the House
Uu\i.‘l'l'tmcnl Operations Committee axis the iirst by iln)’ unit of Congress on
the proposed legislation. It came on a voice vote However. the legislation
rcporicd out by the subcommittee docs iioi give the head of the lit!“
department aill ol the powers Ciirtcr httd suggested. “We are crctiting ll
position of great power and authority in this legislation." said chairman Jack
Brooks. l)- l'cx. "What we tire trying to do is to make surcthtit the ltullltilll)
itill bc cscrctscd liiwlully and not ckerctscd in tin iirbitriiry intinncr."

Rockefeller States He Will Not Run

NE“ YORK (AP) I-ormcr Vice President Nelson A. Rocltclcllcr \ilitl
lhursdtiy “there is noclitincc of my rtinninglor mayor ol New York. its urged
by mediator Ihcodorc Khecl." Informed that Klieel had told it IiL‘\\'\
conlcrcncc than he IiiltI the distinct impression that Rockefeller would be
“tiling to run, thclorntcr \icc president and tour-time governor ol Ncit tori
responded: "As I stud to led the other night at 2| Club. I was ﬂattered by his
suggestion. and I love this city and its people. but there is no chance of III)
running and thitt. its l'cd knows iind everyone else knows. I tint out ol
politics.“ Wl‘cn told oi Rockctcllcr's statement to the Associated Press.
thcl said. "Well. he stud ‘ito‘ ii lot of times when risked it Iic would run Ior
president."

APRIL 29, 1977

    

 

n ammo; ‘

m. .7.»

 

 

 

 



.A bill 'reducing marijuana.

penaltieswas reported out of a State
Senate Committee by slim margins
Wednesday. setting the stage for
negotiations between the Senaie and
State Assembly. The Assembly has
already received a more liberal bill.

The Senate has a clear advantage
in the negotiations since even
Douglas Barclay's (R-C, Oswcgo)
bill. which passed and makes posses-
sion of an ounce and a quarter or less
a violation (like a traffic line). may
have trouble passing the Senate. “I
have to tread so carefully." said
Barclay.

The Assembly bill version. spon-
sored by Assemblyman Richard
Uottfricd (D-L. Manhattan). makes
up to two ounces a violation. __ ~

a.r.s-a-«>=M.Mme%

“It you're going to leave your bike on campus. lock it In

‘  Decriminalization of Pot

“Now is the time' to write your
legislators on this issue,” said a
‘ Barclay aide. '

“Uottfried's bill says that moi-i-
jiiana is okay.” said an aideto Senate

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Majority Leader Warren .‘ ‘
Anderson was responsible for block-
ing pot dccriminalization last year.
No one in the Capitol thinksthe
Senate would pass Uottfried’s bill.
which would make the law retroac-
tive for persons already convicted.
allow cultivation of marijuana.
would contain no criminal penalty
for transferring a half ounce or less
without exchanging money. The
Senate version has none of those
provisions.

A major bargaining point between
the bills is differences in the waythey

Waters-menu "
m. a ,.

  

 

.y. .. .. .
UPS/STEVEN KUPFEKPEBG

a high visibility

 

 

 

 

 

 

Xv
. m w a
‘ t .
cutesy 
"Ii-u .m-
I“
is- .
zed-in, '- 1 ‘
""’ . m- “t.
aloe-y a;- m‘. “I... :0!-
tOII-Il " so. tap-salt
"“ " eater"
Am- “I. ‘Vs
tin-u teams. to steer n ""
It...) . lea t...
ti.-
am I
tees-3.7a! "a" u- “z.
I
was
I“.'
’Vidﬂon I...“ It!
tsiaaitnsi m aliaaa

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Above. the present marijuana penalties are compared to the proposed bills now in the legislature.

Penalties listed at the left are maximums; The chart represarua the basic utterances. though there

are other issues such as cultivation and r'eaantanelng tor those dready convicted. A

decrlmlnellsatlon bill is expected to pass both houses and would be signed by the Governor. but it

may be much closer to the Senate version than it Is to the Assemny one. The new law would take
street thirty days altar being signed.

treat possession in a public place.
The Gottfried bill decriminalizes
everywhere. while the Barclay bill
only decriminalizes possession in a
private place. Another key point of
contention is the lack of a rcscnten—

cing provision in the Senate bill.
Realistically. if the Republican
Senators refuse to go beyond the
Barclay bill. the Assembly would be
forced to either go along with them
or not have a bill. And the Governor

Stronger Security Urged
Against Bicycle Thefts

by Corinne Bernstein

Between 35 itnd 40 bicycles are
stolen Iroin SUN YA students cticlt
year. according tp Assistant Direc-
tor ol the Department of Public
Safety. John chigbitn.

Registration

Students will soon be able to
register their bicycles with the Stu-
dciit Security l’atrol. sothat they aim
keep it record of the bicyclcs‘ serial
numbers. according to I-Icnighun.

According to chighan. almost
llII bicycle lliicvcs tircjunior Itiin or

Albttny.

l~lcnighzin said that it is important
tlinl it anyone secs someone who
tippcurs suspicious. they should
report it immediately tothc Depart-
merit of Public Stilcty.

“I’coplc iict suspicious. especially
when it is With something like a
bike." I-Iciiigliiin stud.

llcnighan suggested thtit students
get the best locking device llVllIIllbIc
tor their bicycles.

uit you‘re going to leave your bike
on cit in pits. lock it in it hiin visibility

 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 

has said he would sign any liberaliza-
tion of the law.

Barclay is a conservative. but is
convinced the courts are being chok-
ed by the present law. which he calls
“unenforceable.” '

Each house advanced a bill of its
own last year. but no agreement was
reached when miiny members feared
reprisals from voters in the up-
coming clcctions. But the two ver-
sions are much closer together this
time. and supporters of
decriminalization say they are more
optimistic of ii compromise.

One part ol’thc Assembly bill not
expected to he accepted in the Senate
is rcdttcing the penalties for ClIIlIth-
tion of marijuana to it violation. “We
don‘t ibiiik wc CIIII get that through.“
said the Btirclity tilde.

Legalization of marijuana is ttot
under consideration by the
legislature. New York State could
not cllcctivcly legalize the drug so
long as selling it is a fcdertil crime.
And Congress is not expected to

 

 

 

area." said Assistant Public Salety Director John Henlghan. hill“ SCIWUI'HBC‘I l'ﬂldt‘mb' 0" iirczi." remove those restrictions.
r1
' D 'd (1 ° C 'd El t'
Eighteen Races eel e in ampus-Wl e co ions
SA President SA Vice-President
Candidate Total % Commuters Alumni Indian Colonial Dutch State Candidate 'l'otal % Commuters Alumni Indian Colonial Dutch State
Jon Lulziycttc 246 8 I7 28 56 X9 .Iim Aronoll'T I005 32 22B 35 89 204 I53 206
Dot/id (iold‘l‘ 1077 36 [52 84 [5| I46 442 I02 SICVL‘ MIIICI‘ . 423 I4 7U 23 50 I73 42 60
Paul I‘cldntiin‘l’ 824 27 I48 89 7a m 92 l09 Anne Markoqu 620 20 I33 37 149 74 I63 64
Don Holty, (it) 2 [5 0 4 25 [2 4 Kathy BtironT ltlbl 33 32] 95 91 269 I76 109
Robyit I’crcltik 383 I] |34 4| 32 .ii 26 20
Mitch Werner 55 2 I4 I It) 9 7 I4
.lini Aronoll' 338 1| 8| 2| 3] HA 30 6|
Central Council University Council University Senate
‘ . I’iiul I'cldmtin l0 NYHR“ “de'cndum
("mnm' . Indian YES 2390
Abbie I'IlIVkInS 332 Bob Mom ‘67 N0 403
M'“"“"’ mm" 239 SASU/s'qdm' “smb'y Uulcs‘ 34 33% of the eligible students
Briicc I’liixctt 164 Debbie Raskin I266 Colonial vmed'
Indian Slitiron Ward 828 Hugh Hill 229
“Shh” RMki" 200 Uertild McDonald I76
l)cbby Lyon H4 Kurkclue 37
Alumni Alumni Board I g d Dutch [96
Mei McAiieny H4 Stcvc DiMco 349 Bruin San s ‘
“£15m (iross 95 Lircg Lessitc 244 Lorri (itistwortb I40 “ESSA Reel" Referendum. 767
State Vicki Kurt/mun 22} Lloyd ersllbgl l4l N0 2”)
B h (ictniiin [05 (itiry I’iirkcr 215 _ “lie _ . . I ‘ ‘
l)"ivc WClnIr’llib 94 Cheryl Schneider 204 DcAngclis‘ 85 22% OI lhi— Cllglblt students
‘ ‘ ... s (,1 voted.
.Iticl Korit 89 “LI-Lu“
Dutch (ictmiin' 20
 . Alumni
I tell Brewmgton 254 cm” 0' In Kosmom. 24
Juli" Slidrkcy 123 ,
Bill II'I cs IIB "wide". MCAnch' [9
'y ' tiitry Lee IlciiucttTT I47 'l'ritvis‘ 9
Commuters Norman Schwartl |4| commuters
Sue Sokol 259 Mttrc Bcncckc" 9| Jim Aw'non‘ 337 . man undid.“
l)itinc l’iclic 225 VIcc-I'resldent Diane I’iclic 204 T Wm cm" into mm,“
Arm... deulgo lilo Allan Kiiulmiin 324 (jury Lee Bennett I96 H “mm
it..." Stern 169 Class (.‘ouncil Rani stem ",0 ~ ,
I'uiII chtcry l63 Jody Schiictfcr I95 um Collins I56 A" Slum“‘tppsrazilvof:E:P;i::i¢;¢.
Collccii Adams I67 Suc Woll ilil Rob mod 153 "01‘- ‘- i"? C ‘ . h w 8
Steve l’iiss I47 i’iiul Birnbaum ins Jcn-y Mundcthuum Hg candidates for eac 0 ice.
Rob KIOtI I40 Robin KISSII‘I I59 Judah Shapiro I29
L lhll Collins I33 Ellen (ioldwasacr I42 ncnncu Dresseicr J

 

 

 

 

 

 

APRIL 29, 1977

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

PAGE THREE

  

