 

 

 

 

 

"-1

The

 

~L v’ u- 3’".;/-“ ‘

By PETER SGOVRIS

After listening to vicious tales of .loe
('ockcr‘s fits of drunken. drug-induced
f'rcn/y during a performance. it is not
difficult to understand why the average
concert-goer itiight slty away front a Joe
Cockcr Show. Sticlt sltockiitg bchatior
would both disgust the old fart arid
frighten tlte netv.

Such riiritours may be one explanation
for tltc half-empty auditoriurtt that
coitlrorited Cocker and ltis hand dtiring
tltcir recent gig at tlte ’alacc theater.
Another reason is undoubtedly Cockcr‘s
lack of public exposure in tire past few
years.

healthy New Year.

 
  
 
 
 
  

489-0549
MOHAWK MALL

393-4470

Featuring Extensive Lines in...
times 0 WATCHES

 

P

Laocoon Groiip

STUYVESANT PLAZA

(Formerly Stuyvesant Jewelers)

tFormarly Mohawk Jewelery)

Diamond Rings Seiko. Citixun. Bulovo, limo:

Review: Joe Cocker Concert

Cocker Was Feeling Alright

For the sake of tltose who did ntartagc
to attend. ('ocker made art appearance
whiclt maybe considered qtiite iirrpressit e
when contrasted with wltat martv were led
to expect. V

('ocker crartked ott sitltlt.‘ new material
of iicceptalbe quality. btit generally it was
such classics as “ l he l cttei‘." "l'ccliiig'
Alright.” arid “Willi a little Help l‘ltllll
My l'riends" tltat tended to firc<up the
crowd. I here was considerable hootiit' 'ii'
ltollerin‘ and e\en sortie dartcing iii the
aisles.

llte highlight of tlte show was a
rendition of “You Are So Beautiful“ that

 
       
  
   
  
    
      
       
    
   
   
 
 

Glennpeter Jewelers

(ilcrtnpcter Jewelers would like to take this opportunity to wish all students
laculty and adminstration a most enjoyable ltoliday scasonand iihappr arid

4 CONVENIENT LOCATIONS TO SERVE YOU...

459-8009

ROTTERDAM PLAZA
355-4550

0 PENDANTS

lb: rim." u. {ewaloly and worth lepatr

...lor Men and Women
l5% Discount to Students, Faculty 8: Administration for ’77 - '78 school year
YOUR STUDENT-MINDED JEWELER

 

  

0‘, i
4
comm: CENTER 036:...
(Formerly Colonic Mfg. Jewelersi o

0 PINS . BRACELETS O GIFTWARE

The Classical Forumar

The Story of Laocoon

tn the second book ofhis Aeneid Vergil
tells tlte story of Laocoon. a priest of Troy
iii the time of the Trojan War. Laocoon
warned the Trojans against taking into
their city the Wooden Horse left behind
by the Greeks in their feigned retreat. No
sooner had Laocoon uttered ltis warning.
when the gods caused two serpents to
appear from the sea. The serpents. so
Vergil coittinues. killed not ortly Laocoon
bill also ltis two young sorts. In another
version of the story. however. one son
.cscapes the deadly coils of the serpents.

In the first century A.l). the Roman
encyclopedist Pliny the Edler saw in the
palace of the emperor Titus ti statuary
group depicting l.aocoon and his sorts
struggling with the serpents. in his
,Valurul His/orgy. l’lirty refers to this
group as "a work to be preferred to all
that the arts of painting and sculpture
ltave produced.“

In two. in the presence of
Michelangelo. workmen recovered the
l.aocoon group from the ruins of the
imperial palace on the Esquilinc Hill. It is
of marble arid of more than life-size. It is.

was executed with such mastery and
sensitivity that rtot a sottl was left
urtinoted.

('ockcr's band was In top toi'm. as
usual. and featured such notables its
\lt'h} lltlplyllh on piano arid llobby
l\L_\L'\ till st.

\lso billcd was \duortdack. a local
countryArock outlit. Although they did
iir.irtagc to rclictcsonteol the pressuresol
rock 'ri~ roll anticipation. tltcy resulted as
a disappointment since their sound was
somewhat clantoroiis rrrid their “original
eoittposttiorts" rather iirtiniaginaliye and
cliched.

 

 

according to Pliny. the Work of three
sculptors named Agesander. l’olytloiug
and Atlicnodorus; all three were from
Rhodes. an important artistic center
during the Hellenistic Age. Amidst inrini
chronological uncertainties in the lllsttiri
of Hellenistic sculpture. the lttocoitft
group cannot be dated with certainty. hiii
tltc early second century li.(‘. ls pt’tilmhh
not far off the mark. '

Hellenistic sculptors ofteit poitirried
wlirit the sculptors of tltc Classical v\gi.- iii
(ireeee had avoided: violent lllfllltll._ old
age. aitd even the agoity ot .i paintiil
death. in otir l.aoeoongrouponcain it...
one on the victvcr‘s right. sCt‘lllst l ii..-...- ..
chance to flu: himself. llte other so“ ..
botiitd fast. and Laocooit liitttscll ‘.\l|lllt'\
in pain as oneofthcsci'pents hllt‘Mltlrt tin
tlcsh. l'bat tortured. bearded llt‘dtl ol
Laocoon. thrown back in agony. Is on. iii
the most expressive pieces ol all all

The l.aocoott group is housed Ill lllt'
Vatican Museum‘s Bclvederc l’.i\i|ion.
togctlter with such ()llicrltlltiittts \\ttt'l.\ii[
art as the Apollo liclvedcre and t .iriota‘x
l’ersctis.

 

Joe Cocker

 

  
  

$115

for as low as 

 

 

 
 
   
  

January 1, 1973_

sponsored by the
student association

ernmi

with tax card
V ($120 without)

ALSO AVAILABLE

Miami’s New Desert lnn

cal now for
further information

457-7749

' all prices include tax
airfare rates subject to cab approval and availability

(—1

  

January 8, 1978

L.
CHTION

) from

Kennedy lntematlonal

to
Miami lntemational Airport

Luxurious accoirtodations
for 7 days and 7 nights

 

 

 

 

A)

 

   
  

PAGE 2A

xii. "I. . t

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

uni-.. . . . .

o . aura“...

DECEMBER 2. 1977

,. ....-i.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ive It To Mikey;

e’ll Eat Anything

By DAVID GOLDMAN

l was in my office when the call came. The
voice on the other end sounded worried and
upset. like my mother‘s at the end of each
semester when my grades come.

“Hello. is. . . is Mr. Shaw there?"

“Speaking. What can I do for you?“

“You must come to the cafeteria
immediately. Something very strange tias
happened."

"What? The students are suddenly enjoying
the food?"

"l‘m serious. Please get here as soon as
possible ‘hen she litiitg tip.

I arrived at the cafeteria to find lEthel
thiamine. a trembling cafeteria aide. After
thanking rite profusely for coming. she led me
to the serving area.

"lltcre." she said. “is where we keep the
breakfast cereals. But what do you see?"

"I don‘t see artytbing." I said. after giving
the ittatter a gr ‘at deal of thought.

“that‘s just it. lltc cereal ltas been
disappearing faster than \\c cart ptit it otit. We
only order a specific amount. and later it
barely lasts an hour hclorc it‘s all goite.
Something fishy is goiitg on."

"Perhaps someone is sneaking it out." I

   

suggested.

"Boy. Wouldn‘t that take the eake'.’ What
kind ol a ttirkcy would do such a tlting'.’ lle'd
hate to be juiced otrt ol his gourd to do
soriicthmg like that.“

"Or else be irt need of hi'ciid.“ I added with
great rclislt. iitilkirig tltc joke even further.

"What l‘in worried about is that someone
might blame this on me. then my 20 years on
tltcjob and my seniority wouldn't iii tourtt to_.i
hill of hearts. they'd just drop n'iii‘ii‘kviifgﬁi‘n
potato.“

"()r at least gi\e you .1 ctit trt CL'lCl',
iritericctcd. unable to restrain rrty keen wit any
longcr. l was making a real ltaitt of myself.

"I pist wish I ltad :iclticasto who‘sdoiiigit."
she told me.

"Well. that‘s what l'rn ltcrc for. Ibis looks
like a tough one. btrt l'll do the best I catt."|

 

said. giyiiig her the tistial scltprcl.

"Uh. thank you." she responded. "It‘s so
nice to see that ttrit c\cry sttidcrtt at this school
is .i dope~ci‘a/ed. hedonistic. lit/y. coitceited
slob " l banking her lot the compliment. I left.

\t dinner that night. I sat at rity table
.niciitpting to digest the night‘s culinary
delight along with the l.l\'ls of my latest caper.
\\oiild stilllutlllL' really steal cereal froiti the
t'rllk‘lL’ltJ ltIl l.-\ own pctstllltll tisc'.’ llow cottld
In take so nit ch as to clean out the whole
sirpply‘.’ “hat I. tltc cafeteria stall is lll on tt'.’
\\ tiat ts lll.Il black obitrt crawling around on
ltt\ platc.’

-\cioss trom me was seated a girl \\caiiitga
.l.ttl\sit|i llrownc t-shirt. reading a copy of
“t osmopolitart" tfsmg my keen sense of
\|\|ttll. dctelopcd throtigli many years of
working iindeicoter. I studied hcr' arcfully.
noting liet delicate blric eycs. ltcr generously
proportioned figure. ltct silky golden biowrt
Iran. lici gentle hands. arid the cigarette
dangling lrorti her ritoiitlt t‘learly she was
among the best tlits tinitcrsrty had to ollcr.

Since my girlfriend bad Just recently
dumped me because. iii her words. she had
“found somebody else." twhiclt l later found
not meant the cittiic rumor class). l decided to
\lllisL' tip a cortteisation with my table-mate
and see what dctelopcd At the same time. i
had a hunch that maybe she‘d know
stitllcllllllg .iboiit tltc cereal mystery.
t onibinmg tlictwo thoughts (which isn't easy
when there‘s a radio at the next tattle blasting
K.('. and the Sunshine Band). | gate her the
best opening line I cotild think of.

“I hear someone's been stealing cereal lrorit

 

 

the cafeteria."

"What?" She glanced irp lrorit an article on
"25 .Ncwly Discovered lzr‘ogenotis [.ones“ iirtd
looked at me as it ljust got out of a spaceship
from Jupiter.

I tried again. “ I lie breakfast cereal. . . it's

 

been running out quicker than they cart

DECEMBER 2. 1977

 

 

restock it. you know. A lady in the cafeteria
told me.“

"Oh." She took anothcrdrttg and went back
to tier article. I could see my approach was
going over like a lead balloon. so I tried one
last desperate measure.

“Yeah. that's right. the cafeteria called me
down here to investigate. Me being a [small
but dramatic pause] privale detective arid all
that.“

This time I got a reaction. but not quite the
kind I expected. "You‘re a detective? lioy. I‘ve
heard some strange pick-up lines in nty day
htit yoit are the weirdest.“

“Who‘s trying to pick you up?“ I asked. in as
iitiioeeril a manner as possible.

“Don‘t play dumb with me.“ she said. “I
know your type. You make tip some
cockariiarnie story to try to impress girls and
expect them to fall for it. Well. you canjust
forget it. because I've got a boyfriend in
('ornell who I‘m practically etigagcd to. artd he
eats nerds like yoti for breakfast."

“Speaking of breakfast." I continued. trying
to ltide my disappointment that not oiin was
my lillilc-llitllt.‘ already taken. but that she was
not exactly Miss Congeniality. "that's what i
warttcd to ask you about. i uni a detective. in

' time anyway. and as part of my
in\ csligatioit I‘d like to ask you a lc\\
questions. Here‘s my card.“

| ltaitdcd her my business card. wlticlt she
reluctantly took. arid read. "Rick Shaw.
Amateur Sleuth. ('rinics Solyed. ('t'itninals
thought to Justice. and lcrm l’apcis lypcd.
$5 :\ Day [this cypcnscs.”

"What makes you think I‘d know something
aboiit this'!“ she asked. still not qtiitc belicting
l was for real.

"It‘s just a lttirtclt. “me you come across

 

any suspicious or unusual characters in the
last few ritoitths‘.’" .\ ltcllu\ a question to .iskyon
.i college campus.

“.\o." she said quickly. then though again.
“\\'cll. there I.\ somebody lltis guy who li\cs
ltl rtty dorm. l'\cryonc thinks he‘s kind of
strange."

 

“Oh God. are you another schmuck running
for Central Council?"

“No. no. l‘rn a private investigator. |
woitder if t cottld ltavca few words with yoti.“

A ritalc Caucasian about 5‘ 7" opened the
door. He v .s of slight build. and bird an
irtnoccnt look. except for a small btit
nevertheless noticeable scar over his left
eyebrow.

“A private investigator. hult‘.’ Listen. I'm
really busy studying rigltt now, (‘oiild yott
come back iit air hour?“

"Sure. that‘s all right " lstat'ted to walk out.
“('liccrio."

(iollck tro/c. "Hey. is that supposed to be
cute'.’ How did you know I was iii the cereal
smuggling ring?"

I couldn't bclicte my ears. My first suspect
was right oit target. l’relcndrngthat I expected
Roger to confess all alortg. I walked back lit
the room. arid laced him.

"So you're behind this whole affair. eh

kltlllL‘h’u

".\o. no. I was _|tl.\l a runner for the
guy. I wasn‘t the mastermind belirrid it
all."

“You mean this thing intolvcs more than
one person?"

“Yeah”. He sat dowrt on the bed. still
surprisingly ealrti. btit reali/ing theyig was up

 

“She glanced up from an article on ‘25
Newly Discovered Erogenous Zones’
and looked at me as if I just got out of
a spaceship from Jupiter. ”

 

"Why is that?"

"llc told its he iicter tried pot."

“ | liat‘s strange all iiglit. Anything else?"

“Mmmm. lemme think. \ealt.
something happened once that seemed sorta
liiriity. We‘re in tile satire l’syclt clays. arid I
went to ltis room and asked it lcoiild see his
notes. He was sittiitg on the bed. and told me
they were rrt his desk diattei When I reached
tor the drawer. he suddenly bolted tip arid
said. ‘\o. let me do it' and got the notebook
otii hiritscll."

“lliitm. . . that l\ strange. Did you happen
to see anything else in the drawer?“

"No. . . lie ga\e rite such a start when he
jumped up that l itist grabbed the rtotchood
arid grit out.“

“Well. this riirgltt piote helpful. lharik yoti
\cry much." I could hear seitiidttiman cries of
“tiring rip your trays" from the front of the
cafeteria. so l decided it was time to go. "One
last thing. (‘ould you give me this person's
name so I could check it out?"

“Yeah. sure. his itiitite‘s Roger (iollek." l
thanked her. and departed.

After looking my suspect tip in the
directory. I entered his dorm. Trying to appear
as inconspicuous as possible (siivc lor my
trencheoat. shades. and magnifying glass). l
forirtd Roger (iotlck's rooin and knocked.
“Who is it?“ I hetird int aggravated voice
cxclaint from inside.

“Rick Straw. I. . . “

ALBAN Y STUDENT PRESS

e  g:¢..»..».xa.xw- -‘.~ "

 

“ | here‘s it whole bunch of us.“

"How exactly does this operation worki'"

“Simple We go dowti to the cafeteria at
hieaktast. and take cartons ot cci'eal. stiil'f‘cm
iirtdcr otir pickets arid in oirr pockets.
anywhere we cart. Sometimes we bring Adidas
bags and ptit 'cin in there. Iheit we bring tltc
sltlll to Mrkcy‘s roont and he sells ‘em to
uhocicr wants Plus. we make a little for
oiiiscltes."

"Mikey?"

"Yeah. he‘s llte brains behind this."

"So you‘re still workritg lor liriti. eh?“

".\o. I quit awhile ago. I had more
riirportaitt tltirigs to do. like figuring otit ltow
to remain a Bio major \vrthottt ltavirtg a
nervous breakdown."

“I‘ll bet Mikey didn't let you go so easily. It
looks like he roughed you tip a little.“ I said.
indicating his scar.

“Oh. this" That's nothing. lt's lrorti a l’syclt
ekpcrmtcrit.

“Didn't yoti ever realr/e what you were
doing was illegal?"

 

“Well. . . “ There was a small pause. "I
guess 1 war kiitd ol over/eiilous. l‘tti not
normally this way. really. I‘m a good kid. l‘m
becoming a doctor just like my parents
wanted. lt‘sjust that I needed the ntoitey."

“Well. since you‘ve been so cooperative. I'll
go easy on you. kid. Just give me Mikey‘s
room number and I‘ll forget I ever saw you.“

 

He obliged. and I got up to leave. “Oh.just
one last question. Roger."

“Sure. whitt'l"

“ls it really true you've never smoked
marijuana?“

I now prepared myself for the big bust. I
decided to go undercover. posing as an
average college student. rind attempt to
purchase sortie cereal front Mikey. Then of
course. I‘d flash my badge artd whip the cuffs
on him. Changing from rtiy tr'enchcoat into it
led zeppelin t-shirt. jeans. liartlt shoes. and a
slightly da/ed expression. I proceeded to
Mikey's roortt.

Arming at my destination. I knocked on
the door. It was opeitcd by a burly. bttt
friendly. male Caucasian.

"Yeah. what cart 1 do for you?"

I was new at this. so I didn‘t quite know
what to say. “Uh. l. . . l‘rtt here to get sortie.
tilt. . . cereal.“

“Why didn‘t you say so‘! (‘omc on in.“

I walked into the roorii cautiously. and
glanced around. Clothes were all over the
floor. Albums sat piled tip on the stereo
dtisteot er. iiiarty missingjackets. [Empty pi/Ia
boxes were on the desks. along with piles of
books and notes. All in all. itotltiiig unusual
tor a doriit room. Mikey spoke.

"Well. what‘ll it bc'.’ You want the sweet
ytull Sugar Smacks. l'r'osted Flakes. Sugar
l'ops: l grit it. ()r it you want the ltardersttifl I
got that too: Special K. Wheaties. l’rodtiet
l9." llc paused and looked me over. “Wait a
second. ldort‘t tliirtg l‘te every seen yotr ltcrc
before.“

"I'm not a regular customer." I told ltritt.

" l hen itiayhe you'd like some All-llran.“

"Whydon‘t you just showme the sclectiott
and I'll choose from there?"

"Stire."lle walked over to the closet arid
opened it. I was sttitirtcd. lrtstdc were rows
upon rows ol breakfast cereals. which I
estimated to llll\L' a combined street \alue of
or er $2000. 1 picked a box of Life out of the
closet. and slipped it into my pocket for
cyidencc. t then quickly pulled out the cuffs.
aitd with a shout of "Karate" that startled
Mikey enough to catch hint off guard. l pinned
litrit against the wall arid slippedtlte cuffs oit.

“Alright. Mikey.“ I said. after identifying
ntysell arid rcadittg ltiiti his rights. “you‘re all
tinislted. Yoti may have thought you could get
away with stealing Sugar Smacks. and
pillerittg l’rodtict l9. biit when you start
taking Life. sonrter or later you‘re gonna wind
up iii the slamnter.“

Mikey was brought to trial on charges of
operating an illegiil cereal-smuggling ring.
which under federal law is a tltird degree
felony.

for his role in running a covert breakfast-
Iood operation. Mikey was found guilty. rind
sentenced to l5 months of watching musical
highlights front “The Carol Burnett Show."
Roger (iollck testified at tltetrial. for which be
received immunity. but only against German
measles. He is now goingto medical school in
Reykjavik. Iceland. As for myself. I picked up
my tistial fee front the citfctcriii stitff. plus tI
nice bonus and their eternal gratitude. Soto
all the potettlittl cereal thieves out there.
remember. crime doesn‘t pity. That is. unless

 

 

yott write a book about it afterwards.

PAGE 3A

 

 
  
      

 

 

      

