 

 

 

 
  
   
   
   

    
     

 

b4

 

Mtixwell Air Force Base facility in
Malta tithencxtdity. , ' 
They‘ttre the last Watergate

 
 

‘ ‘ figures still' son.

  
  

that fortheserca ns. and others;
the three'mcn should bereleased.

 
 

‘from prison  a V H
Each man a losel‘oR'churiliM.
Nixon when It was p dent. Each
was amongtbe most p
in‘the first Ni-xoh administration.
é Eac‘hisse' ingat least 2‘ yearsin
prison formultipicrcrimimtluctsin
the" Watergate ’coverup. ‘ '
. . Ehrlichman. 52. will have scrvéda
year ofthtit sentence on Oct. 28 at
the federal prison campat Safford.
Ariz. Haldcman. who will be5l Itilcl'
this month. entered prison at
Lompoc. Culif. on .I tine 2|. Vlitchcll.

 

 

 

 

 
     
 
   
  
     
  
 
 
 
 
   

  
 
 

‘ ‘ H ‘alde’n’iu chief of staffinthe
Nixon 'Whitc‘ _ House." and
Ehri chmiin. the domestic counselor.

ked that‘thcir seiitcncesbecut to
time served. Mitchell asked only a
reduction of his sentence.

Si riea has griinted similar pleas in
the past for such Watergate figures
as John Dean. Herbert W.
Kirlmbacb. James W. McCord .lr.
itnd.lebStutirt Magruder. He has
said that a necessary ingredient of
such leniency is contrition. a thread
that ran throughthc petitionsliled
by the three convicts‘ attorneys.

E hrichman’s lawyers pleaded that.

he has been disbarred. is hundreds of
thousands ol'dollnrs in debt. is i n

 

tlonally done by law ers.

which you want to work

to meet you.

 

I GIMP In law-
Wlllllllll IIW school.

What can you do with only a bachelor's degree?

Now there Is a way to bridge the gap between an
undergraduate education and a challenging. responsible
career. The Lawyer's Assistant is able to do work tradi-

Three months of ntensive training can give you the
skills—the courses are taught by lawyers. You choose
one of the seven courses offered—choose the city In

Since 1970, The Institute for Paralegal Training has
placed more than 2.000 graduates in law firms. banks,
and corporations in over 80 cities.

It you are a senior at high academic standing and are
interested in a career as a Lawyer's Assistant, we'd like

Contact your placement office for an interview with our
representative.

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 2

The Institute for
Paralegal Training

235 South t7th Street. Philadelphia. Pennsylvania 19103
(215 732-6600
Operated by Para-Legal. lnc.

 

 

mieaprtsoncr attire», >
been punushed enough.»~

 

contemporar

'A bright and lunny him
come y anthology of

    

etl

UA Hellman

NTUBKY FRIED MOVIE'

S A HIT?

Ray Loy/tr} Los Angeli-s Herald Eramrnw

thelirsl ‘class'

recent years designed tor the thinking

bawdy good humor

Judith CIISI N Y Post

HIIIASHIHY
lNl‘ltlllMiISIm'niItstim'“
OI‘IITVJMHIM‘I N o

STARTS TOMORROW

WASHINGTON AVE.
MBANY 459-5322

ROTTERDAM MALI.

UA Plaza 1 8i 2 MTAMONTAVE. ass-icon

 

 

 

 

danger 'of losingifarnilytiesand in.

   

They said all.thc mo ey he

Vreceivcd for his novel “The
. Company" and the television series

thitt it spawned bttd gone to satisfy

‘lttwyersl'ecs. Allthreeoi‘tbe

convicted men made similar
references to being impoverished by
the Watergate scandal.

Like Haldcman. Ehrlichman
mentioned the pardon grantedto
Nixon. speaking in his petition of
"the ironies ol'scrvingn superior
who is later pardoned."

Haldcman‘s petition said Nixon
had made clear in his television
interviews “that he was the principal
actorin the obstruction ofjustice in
I972 and I973.“

Haldcman‘s lawyers argued that if
that information had been available
to Sirica when he sentenced the
former chief of staff. “ perhaps the
court would have imposed a lesser
sentence."

Mitchell made no mention of
Nixon. who remains his friend.

lint his petition noted that since
his sentencing he has become ii
\vitlowcrtind that his IS-yctir-oltl
daughter. Martha. has been “the
principal victim of these events."

I he I ormci‘ attorney general said
he also needs a replacement hip and
that lie suti'crs from an enlarged
heart.

Vicmuiir Revieii'
Nears [5nd

\\ ASH l Nfi’l'th (A I’)Titnc is
rttnningoiit in the Pcntagon‘ssix-
monl h catnptiign to review lcssthan
honorable Victnamcra discharges.

Aft crtodny.tbcrc will be no more
special toll-l'i'eetclcphone numbers.
ito more operators standing by iii St.
Louis to handle the calls.

The Pentagon says some lo.227
discharges were upgraded through
the end of last week.

Army. Navy. Marine and Air
Force discharge review hoards still
face 8.00 cases pending under the
program. anrtounccd in April asthc
second part of President Carter's
eliorl to heal the divisiveness oftltc
Vietnam War.

But beginning Wednesday all
discharge reviews "will be processed
under normal Department of
Delcnsc procedures using written
application proceudrcs."

Despite the small percentage
taking part of almost lialfii million
eligible ex-servicemen. the Pentagon
feels the program has been a success.

The possibility of review was open
to an estimated 420.000 one-time
servicemen who received general or
dishonorable discharges between

Aut. 4. I904 and March 28. 1973.0f
them. about 00.000 decided tocall
800- 3 25-4040. \\ here operators were
at work near a military records
center in Missouri.

Environmental
Science Funds

('(Illl/Illlt'llﬂ’tllll page one

lsrnay rccc ntly gave details of t he
ii rrvi rouruc ntal Program in regards
to both its rclrenchmcntand the
hol (I up of funds to a State Assertiny
committee.

Accordingto Martin. SlJNYA
will bc"rettdy to roll" on the
program when the money is released
by non,

       

 
 
    

 
 
 
 
  
 
 

      
   
 

Crime Rises Faster Than Arrests
ALBANY, NY ( AP) The number of crimes reported rose five times faster
than arrests in New York State last year. it Was reported Monday. The state
Division of Criminal J usticc Services saidthe number of reported crimes
swelled l l.6 percent. from l.009.632in l975to “26.253 last year. Atthe
same time. the report said. the number of arrests rose about No percent,
from l80.650 to l84.405. The major crimes list includes murder and negligent
manslaughter, rape. robbery. assault. burglary. larceny andrnotnr vehicle
theft. The rcportgenerally showed the highest crime rates inthe state's
population centers. with the lowest rates in rural areas.

Court Rules on Weltare Abortions

WASHINGTON (AP) A legal maneuver aimed at prohibitingthcfctlcml
government from limitingfree abortions for women on welfare was rebuffed
by the Supreme Court on Monday. ’l‘hcjusticcs refust torcconsidcraction
they took last .Iiiiic whenthcy. in effect. told afcdcraijudge in Brooklyn. NY_
to remove a legal obstacle to enforcement ofacongrcsstonallimit onstich
abortions. Stich rcq ucst s for reconsideration rarely meet with success. ‘I h.-
lcgislaiion passed by Congress. the Hyde ummcndmcnt. now is in effect. h
limits frcc abortions for welfare recipients to those women whose h vcs Would
be endangered by continued pregnancy or childhinh.

Former Indian Prime Minister Arrested

NEW DELHI. Iritliti(AP) Seven months after her iron gripon India not
brokeniit a stunning election defeat. lndiraGandlii wasnrrcsted Monday
and charged with abusing her position as prime minister. She prtimplh
charged the arrest was political. Authorities said nine other PCI'Mills.
including four lormcrcabiitet ministers and Mrs. (iandhi‘s personal
secretary. were also arrested. Mrs. (ihandhi was charged intwocascs truth-i
lndin‘s Prevention of Corruption Act. officials reports.

Eighty-Six Killed in Bangladesh Uprising

l)A(‘('A. Bangladcslit AP) At least 86incrnbcrs ofthe Bangladesh tirinctl
I orccs were killed during Sunday's abortive uprising. informed sources said
Monday. Antongtliose killcd were I l “scniormost" air force officers. filllgltlg
in rank from group captain to flying officer. the unofﬁcial sources said. lhcrt-
was noindcpcndent confirmation ofthe report. The president and chn-t
martial law administrator. Maj. Gen. Zinur Rabman. was tipparentlya target
ofthe prcdawn uprising but was neverin dangcrduringthe 2V: hoursol
sporadic automatic weapons fire inthree parts of Bacon. Anothcrtargct \\ its
Air Vice Marshal A.G. Mahmud.thc government‘s chief negotiator during a
4V2-day airport siege wit h five Japanese Red Army terrorists holdingu
hijacked Japan Air Linesjetlincr at Dacca airport.

Nine Congressmen Call For Impeachment ot Young
WASHINGTON (AP) Ninc conservative mcin bers of Congress introduced a
resolution M onday calling for the impeachment of U nited Niilltills
Ambassador Andrew Young. “The impeachment effort is a follow upto a
drive by Conservative Caucus National Chairman Mcldr'im Thomson .Ir 
said H owttrd Phillips. national director ofthe caucus. which claims 150.000
members. Thomson. the governor of New Hampshire. began his dri\c Itisl
May by writingto conservatives urgingthat they contact President (‘artcr to
dc ma nd Y oung‘s removtil. The impeachment resolution included a 20-point
“bill of particulars" condemning Young for what it calls his support 01
Marxist and pro-Communist rcgi mes in sueh countries as Vietnam. Jamaica.
Guyana and Cuba.

Helsinki Accords Review Begin Today

BELGRADE. YugoslaviaMP) The United States and the Soviet l'nion \II
down with 33 other nations Tuesday to revicwthc I975 Helsinki accords. llic
iwo superpowers seem anxious to avoid ti clash over human rights. but
R ussittn dissidents are pressingthc issue. The conference was converted to
check how t he signatory nations have complied with the agreement fL'iIL'llt'tl
in Helsinki. Finland. on European security and cooperation. 'I he itL‘L'Uitl\
recognized post-World War II boundaries in Europe. thustacitly accepting
Soviet irrflucnccinthe East. In exchange. Western Countries ()hlillllt'tl
provisions they View as promises of greater civil liberties in thc Itasl him

Skyiackers Release Hostages

ALGIERS. Algeria (AP) Five Japanese hijackers whotook ajcthiici on .i
5.000-milc six-day odyssey ofterror over Asia and North Al’ricatrccd i llL'll
last 19 hostages. including one American. on MondayandsurrciidcivtlIU
Algerian authorities. The terrorists stepped offthc Japan Air Lines l tilt and
were driven away less than two ltours after the plane landed at AlgicIN
M a ison Bl a uchc airport. The gunmen ended their long holdout .tllL'l
negotiations with Algerian officials.“'l'liey came out with their hands up."
said an airline spokeswoman. Withthcm were six othcrtcrrorisis, ino ot
them women. who had becnfreed from Jitpttltcthtlllslt) meet the hnat'lxvi t
demands.

Policy on Carcinogens In Industry Proposed
WASHINGTON (AP) The Labor Department proposed ticorriprehcnmv
new policy Monday for controllingthe more titan l.500 known or sttspt't'lt'il
ca ricer-causing chemicals now found in the American Workplace I I“
proposal established forthe first time a systematic procedure for qurclh
identifyi ng. classifying and regulating carcinogenic substances that tiricailcll
workers‘ health. lnthc past. cancer-causing agents have been dealt with I!” ~'
case-by-case basis wusystcm which Labor Secretary Ray Marshall dw‘l “it‘d
as “trying to ptit otit ii forest fire one tree ill a time."

 

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

OCTOBER 4. 1977

 

tom-.-

 

ii‘y Aron so... ‘
and Mike Pullman

" The Sociology Departmentand.

the Ccnt‘crfor Neurological

Research at SUNYA haye become .'_
involved init'liic State Health
Dcpartment‘slnquiry into human

research testing on campus.

Assistant sociology professor
Richard B. Felson and
Neurobiological Research Center
electrical engineer Robert M. Zch
'wercsubpoenacdtoappcarat a
preliminary hearing on Friday.
along with members of the
Psychology Department and the
administration.

A formal hearing will be
conducted hythc Department of
Health on Friday. Accorldingto
psychology prol'cssorJames
Tcdcschi. the Department of
Health's preliminary hearing
maintai ned a low profile. and was
used primarily to gather
information.

ted mostly oftltc legal

   
  

SA Task Force on Legal Services Chairman Paul Feldman said that he
and L

 

j enteringofdoetimentsor'oftlie
I UniversityturningoVerdocurnents."

Tedetiehi said. .

W; The documents presented had

been subpoenaed-last week from

’ Am i ng'S U NY-‘Chancellordames

Kelly and Acting'SUNYA President
Vincent 0'Leary.said SUNY
counsel Eva Sherman.

"The onlytliingthat thcy[the
SUNY attorneys] wereaskcdtodo
was to authenticate thedocumenls."
said Tedcshi.

“We were asked to present records
concerning research in the
Psychology Department overthe
past two years." said Psychology
Department Chairman Gordon
Gallup. “None of uswcrccalled
upon to make any comments or give
any testimony." Gallup said be
ex pects testimony to betakcn at the
Department of_Hcalth‘s formal
hearing on Friday.

Specific chargesincludcfailttreto
obtain \vrittcn voluntaryinformed
co rise nis from participants to

 

UPS/ RONME BUCHMAN

u. 1'0 n

 

woutdlikethetlrm ol 3‘ “'

providing

SUNVA students with legal services for another month.

New Paltz SGA
Faces $30,000 Deficit

ll) Ruin-rt \nit (it'tlit'l‘

llic Student (iowi'itnicnt
.I\\\itt't:lltttll oi SI ('nt \‘cn l’nll/ is
f.tk'll|_L' .i dclicit 0| approximately
530.000. according to Duane
Ilollonny. hcnd til the S(iA
liniiiicial council.

I he dclicil,
aceniniilnlctl o\cr a period (it years
gtc“ hour it ligiitc last year 0|
$|7.000. hc Sillti.

S(iA had considered asking
SUNY/\‘s SA tor a loan. he said. htit
ruled out the possibility because of
lttilt'llllili interest i'ntcsnnd their own
iii.rbilit\ to pay brick the loan on

\\illL‘il has

tlciiiaiid.

\it'llli‘t'lS ol ihc StiA blame thc
dclit-n on dcclinutg enrollment ill
\\'\\ Pain. An eight pcrcciit drop in
t-iiiolltiient linni Inst yeai reduced
\(iVs btitlgct to 3275000 front
\ilillllt). llollontiy said

llic lilti‘ltll cutisc of the SUNS
lllt'St'lIl tlilcinnia [S the incl that for
lltv Ittsl ll\L' to \L'\L'II years. the
.iwitititoiii lliis llsL‘tI \ltltlcttl trcti\ity
ll||l(i\ to pit) tor aradcrriic courses.
.lII \(l‘\ \[iIlItL'SIIlilli mid.

St. \ gatc M2000 last year to
\i-\\ l’alt/‘s liiiioitttive Studies
Ilt'lltlillllt'lli. \\liich helped to pay
tlic \.Il.tllL'\ 0| lt'.lt‘llt'ls. llolloway
Mud SiiA .llStl aided the Music
ili‘ltnllillL‘ltl by supplying lirnds loi'
Ill\l|lllilL'lllS and sheet music.

" | union goes lti\\‘ill'(l paying for
pitilinStll'S and courses." llolloway
\illtl. "not studcnt activity ltinds."

SASlI lixccutive Vice President
Arthur llitlalgo estimated that the
StiA ol Ncn Prilt/ lunded eighty-

OCTOBER 4, 1977

two clubs and organi/atiom in
addition to lhcsc pl‘tllll‘illilS. He said
S(. r\ \\:|\ Ill :1 "critical situation."

Inst \liiy II. the S(i/\ oi Ne“
I’ult/ took out ti bank loan lur
8.0.500. they had run out of money
and new owr'draun lll their bank
account by 59.000. Ilolloway sttid.

Iliilloivny stud the loan \\:lS paid
back. tind tlial S(i/\ doesn‘t plan to
ltiiid academic courses iii the Illllll‘L'.

According to llollmvny. S(iA
\lill'ltili funding the programs altci
thc Ncn l’alt/ administration told
stiitlcnts Ilicy \iotild he closed lllilcss
StiA sponsored thcni.

StiA has consulted thcii' laivyci.
llolloiiny said. and hate bccn
aid\t\ed that although the landing of
academic critltses \tith student
aciiiilymoniesis not intheSUNY
lioni'd ol ll'ttSlt't.“S (illitIUIIIICS. lcgal
action against the .itllllllltSlltllltlll
\yould lic liitilc.

lii rii‘dci‘ to get rid ot the dclicit.
llolloiiay said StiA must ll'llll
535.000 hunt the btidgct ll used last
_\t‘ill.

Ilrrlloiiay nppioxtitittlcd that it
minimum ol six other collcgc
student associations probably luccd
similar liiiaircuil problems because
ol their funding ol academic courses.

SA Controller Mike llctchkop
said that SIINYA‘s SA does not
fund any academic courses.

llollotvriy said S(iA plans to take
action such as lobbying.
demonstrating. and petitioning to
get the administration to fund the
programs currently supported by
SUA.

psychological experiments. and
failure to informthem ofthe risks of
physical and psychological injury
involved. The Depttrtment of Health
has also questioned the
qualifications of researchers who
have conducted these experiments.

Experiments i nvolving electrical '

s hock have been a cause ofmuch
concern among SU NYA students.
btit 'l'cdeshi said that no shocks
causing more than a “mild
discomfort" have been administered.
Experiments htivc also been
conducted usingcbildren. although
they “did not involve shock and were
not painful.“ said Tcdeschi.

Gallup ex pressed complete
confidence that “we‘ll be exonerated
of any and all charges."

The Department of H calth is
currently investigating the
allegations set forth in its charges
against the Psychology Department.
All research was ordered stopped on
Sept. 20 by Vice President for
Research Louis Salkcvcr.

Lawyers

by Thomas Martello

lhc lirm ol Roscnbltim and
|.c\ eiithnl ISSIIII givtngSA legal
xet‘t ices LlCSItllL‘ the loci that the
standing contract with the lirm ran
Hill on I‘I'Illil) . according to
attorney Paul Kcit/nian.

SA is iii the midst til it rcvictt
\\ liich \\ ill dclcr mine thisyctir‘s
pi otcssional legal scr\ ices
i'cprcscitttitivc. A recommendation
is expected on l'riday.

Roscnblunt anti l.e\crithal. who
have provided SA leg scrvic‘csl'or
the past six years. were rehircd on for
three months on an interim basis
while i he rcvicw proccss took place.
said Keit/man. 'I’hat contract ran.
out on l‘l‘ldil)’. and.accordingto
K cit/man and SA 'I'ask I‘orce on
legal Services ('htiirntiin I’tiiil
I‘Cltltt‘iillt. no new agreement has
hccn formally made with the law
ill'lil.

" We are still giving services." said
Kcit/innn. “ Wc arc hopingthzit SA
\till estimate how long they intend
on keeping its on another interim

Campus

by Mike I’cttrlmitn

An agreement isclosctoheiug
reached bctwccn the University
Police Officers” llnionCouncrlXZ
and the U nivcrsity Police
management. accordingtoitiiioii
Vice President Jim Slugen.

lioth parties met yesterday and
worked out art nltcrnatitc to the
original plan to implement the
rotation of shiltsproposcd by
University Police Director .lirn
Williams.

According to Slngcn. the lit,‘\\
proposal Will take thc place ol a

 

complete rotation ol shilts.

Details oi this alternate plan how
not yet been \iorked out htit Slngcn
said It nould lli\t)l\L' lrntiiigcithei'
Iiall or allot oiicol tlicnorking
Siillls change tor one month out of
thcycai'. lherc arecurrentlytlir'cc
\\ orkingshilts. According to Slagcn.
management's purpose in changinng
Sillil is t ticxposca proportion ofthe
oliiccrs to all aspectsol’thcjob. day
and night.

Sltrgeit said”! he main thing is
that we get away lrom rotation."

Williams said that the Union's
proposals wei‘c"bcttci' than what we
had proposed." Williams said he was
also satisfied with what was

.m.

        

UPS/ml JACOIS

Vice President tor Research Louis Salkever ordered all research
stopped because at charges against the Psychology Department.

Temporarily Retained

basis."

I‘L‘ltlllllllt said that he linstnlkcd to
Sandy Roscnhluiu.thcscnior
partner ol the lirm. and indicated
that SA \\ nntcd toc\tciid lhclirm's
I cltiiitci diti'iiigthc coniplctioltol'thc
ic\ icn pi ticcss rind Itll' n transition
pct iiid ii anotherlnnyci' tll'lil“ firm
IS selected by lhc task loi'ce.

“ \Vc ha\ c not conic lliiltl ol'ficiul
agreement." said l'cltlinnu.“liiit an
:xtcnsion like this onsindicatednt
thc outset.“

Keit/mnn said that lltc lau lirm
\\ otild liken rcnlistrctimcpci'iod liir
this extension oi service.

“It‘s Silllpi)’ not Iai r to iisiodoit
by a day by day or \\ cck hywcck
basis." said Ken/man.

(Inc More Month
l-cldman said that he \votildlike
the l irni to continue providing
services for one more month.

“Ideally. we'd like to hatc nuot her
three months." said Kcit/mrio. “ l but
may not be forthcoming. though.
There is no situation. however.
wherel can envision Roscnblnm and

Levcnihal iiitcrtipti rig legal
services."

Fcldmtin said tlitit lichopcsto
reach an agreement \vitltthc lirm
soo n, R oscnbluin and l evcnthal
were paid Slﬁillllorthc three month
interim period and \\III "probably be
paid tiric-tuclltli ol the S l0.000 yearly
ligtiic"l0i theatlditional month.
said l—eldmnn. .

Set on lltipcl'ttls
lhctask iorcc IS currently
inlet \ icn ing sc\ cit prospective
lawyers and Ian ill'mS. ltmcnhltun
and | L'\tllilltill are Sllii in the
running. I .il' I hisycar‘s legal <t.‘t'\ ice
i'etziiiici. Stiltl I-cldmnn.

l-cldinnn said that “t licrc IS a tilt \"
in the quality and cxpcrrcnccol lllL'
Inn lll'lllS and l:t\\)ct's being
ctinsldci'cd.

"A mix is \\ lint would be
c\pcclcd." he Sillll. “We haien
ccilaiiininotint ill money toollci’.
Y ou‘rc not goingto ntt met a 520.000
In“)ci'lorSltl.000. thnthclinal
Icport lSdl'iIllCtI. uc‘ll ltti\eto tlclcnd
our [TtISllltilts oi lllCthL‘lsltiltltltltic."

Cops Near Settlement

ilL‘L‘thlleSllL‘d at the meeting:
“l-yci'ybody lclt in good spirits."

Sltigcn snid.“Wc'i'c relatively
happy btit not cntir'clysutislicd with
the outcome ofthcinccting." Ilc
added that another incctingwill be
held on Monday. Oct. l7.

“ | itittgs look bright tor a
set i lcincnt but we're still \cry
interested in Iiir\iiigthceirlirc shift

       
   

mmcd so i lint seniority isn‘t broken
donu and integrin is maintained."

Mttttilgctttcttl'slot‘ntct' obicctiw
\tnslosplil uptlie prC-CSltlllllsliL'tl
shills. said Sliigcn. llcsnid that ii the
plan is agreed uponit “Ill not be
implcmcntcd tllilti the Spring
scincstei'. btit that tlicl iiioa'is
“lookinglorwaid to hiriingtlic
proposed agreement iii \triting."

UPS/Muk 5A5:

University Police Director Jim Williams called the police union's

proposals on rotating chlttc “better than what we had proposed."

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

PAGE THREE

 

 

