.—

  

.-,v-’._\,‘ .n a: ...._ :s-rv.’mss"~¢!r<-u «shou- ..,. max...» a“, c.» a...“ _.. - ~«..e4~..m7-h>}«_"r‘:.¢(

. \x-W-v-vraatwa. c. . w... .-., .....c.e_.,_,m. si~'mﬁxmm§3’%ga

. New. ...._"_.-. .c ,\__ «ma-

 

. .m. 4“...”‘u S‘mnu-A’“u-'A was... ._._

 

 

S
i

I
I
I
I
- I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
L

 

 

 

 

 

TRANSPORTATION: Deluxeiavatory equipped air-ride coaches
with adjustable, deep~cushioned recliner seats leave from
convenient departure points and whisk you to the beautiful
Holiday Inn in White River Junction, Vermont.
ACCOMMODATIONS: Three nights’ lodging at the Holiday Inn.
“grooms have plush carpeting with private bath and shower,
Itldcom phone and color TV.

“LS: Six lull-course meals — three breakfasts, two dinners
and lunch on last day (available from 12 noon 'til departure);
plus complimentary collar: and doughnuts on arrival.

SKI AREAS It UFT TICKETS: Skiing at Mt. Ascutney in
Brownsville, Vermont, and Killingtonin Sherburne, Vermont. Liit
tickets are not included inthese package rates. The allareaticket
at Mt. Ascutney is $5.00 for morning or afternoon only; and $7.00
for all day. Killington offers one rate only —- all day, all-area at
approximately Sl2.50.

SKI iNSTRUCTlON: Two 2'hour lessons tree at charge Ior all
levels. Small classes by qualified instructors, plus the special
Sklbee Method for beginners. WE GUARANTEE YOU'LL SKI THE
VERY FIRST DAY ON THE SLOPES, AND HAVE LOADS OF FUN
WHILE YOU LEARNI Ski contests for all . . . prizes for the
winnersl

INDOOR SWIMMING POOL: New indoor heated swimming
pool, saunas, whirlpool and Game Room available without
charge at the Holiday Inn.

DOUBLE PROOF REQUIRED!

 

Send this with do
I to Andrea Gre

 

: Enclosed. please ttnd S as deposit.

I Name

' Friday, February 1

   

t7

7through Monday, February 20.

(2?;/ w

rrr :

5m Millingl'on

VERMONT

FREE TRANSPORTATION TO THESE OPTIONAL FEATURES

 

 

Round-trip transportation via deluxe motorcoach 0 Three nights'
accamodations at the luxurious new Holiday Inn 0 Coffee &
doughnuts on arrival 0 Six delicious meals 0 All tips and taxes
paid 0 FREE ski instruction 0 Busesto Killington and Mt. Ascutney
D Horsedrawn sleigh rides, snowmobiling and gondola rides (at
extra charge) 0 New indoor heated swimming pool, saunas,
whirlpool and game room at Inn 0 Disco dancing with live DJ
nightly 0 Live band entertainment nightly 0 Wine and cheese
tasting I For-out parties 'round the clock I Thefun doesn'tstop
until you dol

person.

 

 

student in it

 

I Local address

RATES FOR 3 NIGHTS, 3 DAYS

5 in room‘-
4 in room
3 in room
2 in room

'only 24 5-in-roorn available

Per Person m h R I

Without ' "ml '

(Skis, Poles
Ski Rentals 8' 30°")
5102-00 $l09.00
$108.00 sumo

si l5.00 si22.oo b“

“29.00 5135,00

Bring completed reservation (below) and deposit and sign
up in Campus Center lobbyon Nov. l, 2 and 3. The balanceis

due December I5. Late reservations accepted until November

    

 

Stay at 

 

 

 

 

White River Jct,,
Vermont

(features available at extra charge, subject to availability and
weather conditions):
SNOWMOBILING: A field for beginners to practice, and trials
for the experienced; approximately $l2.00 per hour.
HORSEDRAWN SLEIGHRIDES: Bundling, blankets and beils'
Approximately $3.00 per person for a one-hour ride.
GONDOLA RIDE: The longest Iiit inthe world(3'/2 miles). The top
of the mountain is outasightl And there’s lounge facilities up top
— a bar, restaurant and roaring iirel Approximately $4.50 pct

RESERVATIONS: A deposit of $20.00 per person must be tent
with the reservation form below by November 15.
CANCELLATIONS: Up to I0% oi the members of your group
may cancel with lull refund if hoticeis received at least two weeks
prior to departure. Later cancellations iorieit deposit, and
balance will be credited to future trips. Absolutely no credit it
notice is received within 24 hours of departure, or it you miss the

For Iurther lntormatlon, call

ANDREA GREBER 436-1673
Or
MELINDA ARTMAN 457-7866

15. Send late reservations and balance payments to Andrea

Grebor, SA Office, Campus Center 346. Make checks payable
to Five Towns Travel Center.

yu—_————————————_—————————————l——————————————_—_

sit betore November 15
r, SA Ottlce, co 346

 

 

Permanent address

phone

 

phone

 

In case at emergency, contact:

Roommate preterencesz

SKIBEE INC.. 45-62 I93rd Street, Flushing, NY Il358.

Tel. (2I2) 357-6570.

I Send with final payment b December 15
| to Andrea Greber, SA 0 lice, CC 348

I Enclosed please tlnd S

 

I Name

as tlnat payment.

————_——————--—1

 
 
  
 

 

 

| Local address

 

 

r————-'-————————

phone

i M I’OR TAN'I‘ NOTICE!

. .

You Vt: prohiihiy noticcd ortiiigc
lcotitiiin ii i'cw inticcuriicics
I rcscrvzition forms on the orange llycr
I Ift‘.l]llltld‘!llllll'l'.‘ Skihcc Inc. iuid its it

cuts act only in tlic ctipticity of tigciit for the

llycrs tirotind ciimpus announcing this trip. lli\\
. mostly In the rcscrvution form. Please don't list lllt‘
s » use these instciid. 'i‘iitinks!

. beyond it ' k' ‘ ' ‘
. I II III i - t
I 5mm hw- , o t; Iillltlt iirrtiiigtintntii ftir hotcl iiccottiodiitions lttltrlrllllsptlt'llllltllil

rind its ttgcnts rcscrvc thc ri ht
. . ‘ u
' ofleriitg substitutes ol coinpiirtiliic vuluc'. u l

 

I tnhcrctit this in skiing and other winter 5

 

 

 

Ski rentals: Yes No

Boot rentals: Shoe size

 

width__.._| u“.

  

,I litililc tor injury. lots or damage to portions or propcny Itriiiuig thcrcfr

prorzimly:titty)1 tit ull timics list
. ti cirowriritk Itlltl uiiiitiinc on i ti
1 from stud use. ilicy Iltltll lie rcspollsllllcyllll“ ltiill 

   

clitingc tiny tirriingcnicnts iiI
ioul

u”. ' h . _ I 'ortticunccitltco

LIillll tiny pusonts) on its tours. niuktnglull or cquittilil

c refunds. I’tisscngcrs iicitiiowtcdgc thtit

ports, iinti accordingly iigrcc not to hold Sttitiec Inc. rind i

‘ 'I ' 0m.Citl’UltIldcusltitI of ‘rstittsnlld
iii oi lltt. putscngcr. I’criioiiit hiring skis. y pt

Ilici' Itll‘.
hilltyfor pcrsontilllnjury or property tltiiiiugc rcsulim,

stolen equipment while in their custody.

lilcs tintl litiotii through Sit

  
 

llliScIlgCl's iind tissitim nu

. ti conditions IICL'L‘\\IltIIt'
"mum" "l “"y sclictlulcti toiir ttllLI/til' lit LIL'L'Illit‘

  

|
|
|
|
l
l
l
|
i

ill'llilll'\

llictc .ll r
ls iigcnts

 

 

 

 

 

 

By JERRY MIKORENDA

Jonathon Karol. former Rhodes scholar.
and protege of poet Archilbald Machish at
Harvard. who turned bird boy of the
educational world in I968‘withthc publication
Of: Death at an Early Age (which at the time
had the effect of throwing rocks through the
Principal's window. and proudly owing upto
it in front of the class). gave it lecture on the
Crisis in Education in the Seventies. Thursday
night in LC 7.

Kozol opened the lecture by risking people
to sign a mailing list if they were interested in
receiving information on his tripto Cuba. He
then added that it would be at least a month
until he handed over the list to the CIA. The
opening remarks remained much in this witty,
sartiric. New Yorker manner. as Kozol went
on to say. “I am billed as an expert in
Education. when instead I‘m only tmcxpcrt on
being ﬁred." Kozol explained his ﬁring from

By Al. BACA

Bc Bop Dcluxc. one oftlic best ofthc British
art-rock bonds. is just now starting to gain
popular recognition in the United Suites with
the rclcusc of their Live! In the Air Age album.
Thcir hctidlining gig tit the Palace last
Wednesday night provcd tlitit this band has a
promising futurc.

Not being ftimiliiir with the blind. I
wondered why thcrc was suchun llura of
anticipation amongst Bc Bop Dcluxc dcvotccs
over the urrivtil of the band‘s lead guitarist.
Bill Nelson. thn the group finully tippcnrcd
on Sltlgc. hcginningthc show with “Life iii the
Air Agc.“ followed by “Fair Exchange." my
curiosity was put to rcst. Bill Nelson is ottc of
thc bcst guitarists iiround todiiy. and it dtimn
good lctid voctilist.

Btickcd hy bassist Chitrlcs 'l'umtihtii.
drummcr Andrcw Clarke. and Simon Fox on
keyboards. Nclson proceeded to assert himself
llS ii l‘ntlSlL‘l‘ of six-string wizardry. His talents
wcrt: highlightcd in such songs tis “Blazing
Aptisllcs." tind “Modern Music.“ Nelson also
ptlss ' ti bitineg stircustic vocul rtingc. His
prcscncc on stage is what rctilly moves the

 

Ari cstinitilcd crowd of iibout 400 was
Itit'ccd to Willi outsitlc Union‘s Mcmoriiil
('htipcl Sitturdtiy night for t hc Dctiii Fricdmiin
iintl |€lliot Murphy conccrt. While the cold

crowd Wits imptiticnt. thc wuit provcd
wort ll\l’llllL‘.
liliioi Murphy itlILI his bassist. Dill/c

Mitrkcc. took tlic sttigc itlonc. Murphy wns
tirmcd with on iicoustic guiltir lllld ll
llill‘nllllllCil. Although I‘Tlcdlnilll rcccivcd top
billing. llic iiitijority ofthc crowd \l’tIS thcrcto
scc Murphy.

Saturday night tlic tihscncc of ti liirgc bttlld
illlthL‘tl Murphy's lyrics to conic through
inlclligihly. llc limits it strong rcscnililiiticc to

anroughtha

'studcnts not to be the bosses. but: who v

the Boston school district in I903 as just a

matter ofbad timing. He was ﬁred for reading

his fourth grade class What was supposedlo be
a ninth grade poem '(Ltinston Hughes“Balldd
of the Landlord"). “If I had only waited ﬁve
years“ exclaimed Kozol. “there would have
been no problem.“ Kozol‘s sacrilcge was
carried one step further when he read that
same class Robert Frost's “Stopping by a
Wood on a Snowy Evening" which was
supposed to be it sixth grade poem. “If Frost
had known that." Kozol said. “I‘m sure he
wouldn‘t have written it."

Kozol quickly changed the mood of the
lecture with an indictment of community
colleges. and the tracking system used to
academically group students in high school.
He condemned both as agents working to
maintain class stratification. Community
colleges are “ti clear rind seductive way of
keeping our cities from blowing up. Preparing

group along. The songs which did not
spotlight Nclson tended to drug on a bit.

Anothcr fiictor in the electric atmosphere
crctitcd by Be Bop Deluxe was the presence of
three large movic scrccns behind the band.
Various short films were projected onto the
screens its the hand went throughthcir sct. Old
movic footiigc of flying stiuccrs attacking
Etirth was shown during “Lift: in thc Air Age.“
for “Down on 'l'crmintil Strcct.“ clips from
Fritz Long's classic scicncc fiction film.
"Metropolis." wcrc flusth onto the screens;
rind footage of ii sctigull soaring into the sky
was shown tis lhc btind pitiycd “Sister
Seagull." Bc Bop Dcluxc established
themselves as it truly vcrsutilc bond guided by
onc of the bust "unknown" guitarists l have
ever hctird.

City Boy opened the triple hill. with
cncrgctic British new Wtivc rock. Opening
their act with at rcpctoirc of songs from their
new tilbum Young Men Gone West. including
“Dctir .Ictin.“ tind the title cut of the album.
City Boy turned out to be much morctalcntcd
than tinyonc could htivc expected them to be.
They have both tltc sizigc prcscticc and

Bob D)ltlll “many. out] rules it comparison to
Bruce Springstccn lyrically.

Murphy dcvotcd most ofthcshowtocnrlicr
mtitcriiil. htit cltiscd with thrcc songs front his
ncwcst. Just A Song From Anicricii. Thc
l'intilc was it rousing rcndition of “Drive All
Night.“

'lwcnty tiiinutcs Ititcr Dciin Fricdmzin and
his tour rticmbcr btind took the stage.

()ticc lhc concert conimcnccd Fricdmtin
took o\'cr. Although it is not cvidcnt on his
album. Ill conccrt lic was ilblt.‘ to show all
cxtrcnicly powerful \‘oicc. Dctin is iln
cliiotioiiiil pcrforiiicr rind this workcd well in
“Solittili'c” rind his currcnt singlc. "Woman of

type) their letters.“ Community colleges}; he
said. give the V 'middle' and working class
students the illusion of competing against“
university students. until through theeventual .
process of time they place themselves in the
strata of society. ‘ ~

The theme of tearing away the complacent
guise of the upper and middle class
educational system to see the rotting scaffold
under our feet. is one that dominates Kozol's
two major works. Death “at an Early Age and
The Night is Dark and I am Far/ram Home.
Kozol characterized Death at an Early Age.
which won the Ntitiontil Book Award in I968
as a rather naive attempt at changing a static
system.

With the. publication of The Night is Dark
and lam Far from Hattie in I975. Kozol hit
full stride as he donned the gaunt mask of an
old testament prophet. “Thetroublc is not that

Sarcasm and Six String Wizardry

distinctiveness needed to break into today‘s
music world.

Led by Lol Mason and Steve Broughton.
City Boy went on to play such rockers us “I
Was Born in a School Yard.“ “Dinner at the
Ritz." and “Momma‘s Boy.“ I really look
forward to hearing more of this group in the
future. Incidentally. the group's keyboardist.
Mtix Thomas. played a Moogsynthcsizcr with
it degree of outliindishncss that l have not
heard sincc Michael Cottcn of the Tubes on
“White Punks on Dope.“

The most disappointing net of the night was
chtar. scvcrcly hurt by thc dcparturc of lctid
vocalist/guitarist Royc Albrighton. Although
the group did come up with a couple of good
songs. most of their music was rather
uninspired. Replacement guitarist Dove
Nelson played several unforgiveably long
solos that could have put a chronic insomniac
to sleep. Taff Freeman did a good job on
synthesizer. {a’nd Ron Howdcn carried the beat
on drums. but the musical talent just wasn‘t
there as a whole. The absence of the group's
traditional light show was also it
disappointment.

‘Tears On My Pillow and Ave Maria’

Minc.“ Fricdmiiii tried hard to relate to his
nudicncc. 'l'hcrc wcrc rtip sessions between
songs tind hc cvcti broke out iijokc book with
which he procccdcd tti risk the crowd riddlcs.

Most of thc coticcrt was dcvotcd to his one
rind only album. but there was some new
mtitcritil.

All lll till t he sound wns cxccptiontil for both
performers.

bricdmtin‘s voicc got lost it couplc oftimcs.
but not oftcn cnough to matter. It was a
pleasing conccrl: onc ill which the tiudicncc
Wits tiblc to sit back. rcliix. rind cnjoy sonic
supcr music. It was at smilll sClllL' sct-up. but
yicldcd Itirgc rclurns.

  
 
 
 

i

l

imajor educator to speak out for American

purposes. In suburban, _ ,
the rich. who grow: up to
anesthetic oblivion to pain—"a _
the servants produced by ghetto
» Unlike the old testament put
much in the style of the radicals th '9
of the late, l960‘s. Kozol can bring tlietcrnple
walls down but doesn‘t have any speciﬁE'plsns:
on how torcconstruct it. However. oncshould
not overlook the fact that Kozol was the ﬁrst

,.
i

school systems to beer the moral and ethical
responsibility they owed to a nation of
students. .

Many liberals. and teachers who see school
administrations as the ogrcs of policy making.
and their decreed curriculum: as whips upon
their students backs have banded under
Kozol‘s fcrvid apron strings. But with his
recent trip to Cuba this may till change. for
Kozol is changing his image. “I‘m tired,“
Kozol stiys “of people telling me all I do is
criticize."

Kozol spoke with enthusiasm about the
Cuban educational system. stating it was free
of racism and economic exploition. But what
impresses Kozol most about Cuba was the
plan implemented in I963 by the then new
government to abolish illiteracy within their
country. At the time Cuba was 24 per cent
illitcrtitc with only 36.000 tcachcrs. The task
seemed impossible tlnd would have remained
so in Kozol‘s eyes if Cuba attacked the
problem in the roundabout diffuse manner
that is tipropos here in the United States.
Instead the solution lay in a radical concept——
close the schools and scnd student volunteers
who know how to read and writc to teach
those who did not.

Thc response to the program was
overwhelming. its 95.000 students volunteered
between the ages of eight and [04.“Thosc who
know. teach. those who do not. lcar it.“ became
the slogan for the program. Within a year the
illiteracy dropped down to 3.9 percent. the
lowest in Latin America.

1 his is not to say thc iivcriige Cuban citizen
could rciid Milton or Shukcspctirc. The first
phase of the government‘s plan was designed
so the average citizen could read and
understand simple instructions in farming
manuals and other csscntitil mzitcritil. Evcry
yctir since the program hits bccn instituted it
new goal of higher rciidiiig tibility is rctichcd.
itnd prcscntly they tirc working toward
reading on the ninth grade lcvcl.

A systcm which uscd its childrcn its ptiwns
to maintain it grund design ll‘litl only the
repetition of history dictates would only be
thought cquittiblc by thc niosl inhuman of
adults. yct Kozol fccls that is the case in
America today. Many of the old lihcruls who
oncc found it convcnicnt to listen to his
diimntitions mtiy zibtindon him its he seeks hid
idczilizcd educational system iii Cuba. But he
is convinced and committed to thc idcii Illitl
positive change can take place. itnd cvcntutilly
he will come up with the answer. though it may
be an answer that Amcricti doesn‘t want.

 

Tues. Night:

$2.50 men

drink!

 

 

Dudley Do-Right’sl

Bur & Meetin‘ Place
25 Morrison Avc. Troy. NY.
ltlltt.‘ lroy litist offol' 787- Right tit first light. tothctop ofthc hill.

Beer Bash

8 pm. ’til closing

$1.50 women

All the Genny Beer you can

 

 

Syracuse

Graduate Studies Program

Visitation
University,

School of Management Recruiting

Syracuse

HUMAN
SEXUALITY
EDUCATION
COMMITTEE

 

'l he School til Maintigemcnt of Syracuse
University. Syracuse NY. will be
intcrvicwrng applicants for thcir.
Gritduutc Studies Program on: Monday.
October 3! from 9 am. to l2 noon. For
further information rind appointment.
plciisc coiittict tlic Placement/Career
Services office on your Campus.

 

 

 

[)I‘t'.tt'ttl.\.‘ .s/it'tl/t‘t'r till."
'I'hc Sl'Nt’A
('ontrticeptivc (link
The (iyn l-Zxam

l'ilni iind discussion
('(‘ Assembly Iiiill
Ilium. Oct. 27. 9 I’M

 

 

J

 

OCTOBER 25; 1977

L Live bittertainmem

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE NINE

 

  
    

 

 

   

 

 

 

.A . s—m- ‘

  
    
  

