 

12';in wane-m ~-

em '11..

 

=Teletronics Corporation Des Plaines. u:

linois. Itglist'ed l..E-D~ watches, for “6.95
apiece and promised it I 'ry before Christ-
mas if the ordee wasplaced before December
l5th. The ad containedreferences to TV Guide
.‘ and-ParadoMaga he 'as credibility for its
offer. As things turned out. that wasjust “a lot
of ink.“ The fly-by-night Teletronics Corpora-
tion ripped ol'l’an estimated-“.8 million from
 consumers answering this ad. Their
warehouse location in Illinois'has been vacant
for two‘ 'months. according'to investigators.
To those students at SUNYA who haven't
received their orders. “order. ete.. get a
photostatic copy of the payment and send it.
along with a brief letter‘ol' explanation. to:
William Scott. Attorney General of Illinois
U4 North L_a Sulle St.
Chicago. Illinois 60602 .
Please mark “Attention Teletronics“ on the
envelope. Within ninety. days you should
receive some type of a refund.
Mark McLaine

what’s
two million
dollars? .

T o the Editor: I

I am writing in response to a letter by Har-
mon Skurnik. which appeared in the January
28 issue of the ASP. The letter concerned the
proposed i'ieldhous'; I was ﬁlled with utter
disgust by the way in which it dismissed the ex-
treme importance of the project. In putting
down the l'leldhouse. Skurnik did much to

damage the recreational prospects of Albany .

State students.

It is true that. if the referendum is passed.
students will have to pay a mandatory tax of
$13.50 per semester. It is also true that the tax
would he in effect for a period ol'twenty years.

 

$108 00 during a four year steyat SUN
don' ‘ VA ' anexorbitant feeto payfor
an increase in recreational opportunities.
-,.'As‘ a ; active member in intramurals. I know
-the feeling people get‘when'bssketball and
'  floor hockey teams play only oncea week. It is
impossibleto get onto a court during nights
when games are not scheduled. Construction
:ofi'the'lieldhouse would allow the intramural
program-to expand eo'nsider'ibly. andwould
provide better athletic facilities for our inter-
»"collegiate teams. In addition, a fieldhouse
would allow the universityto sponsor concerts
on campus instead of Page Hall or the Palace
Theater. As a junior. I doubt that I will have
the opportunity to see the l'teldliouse. I hope.
however. that future undergraduates will have
better recreational facilities than we do
presently.

I urge all students to vote yes on the
fieldhouse referendum. If you are in doubt,
think about all the times you wanted to do
something in the gym and were turned away
because of overcrowding or a long wait. Is it
too much to ask SUNYA to be more than a
four year "think tank". Vote yes for the
ﬁeldhouse.

Michael Tetkoski

let this be
perfectly clear

To the Editor:

I am writing in reference to a letter by
Associate Professor and Chairman. Harry L.
Hamilton. He is blind to many ofthe facts and
circumstances surrounding my weather story
in the Jan. 2| issue of the ASP.

First. let me stress that the use of "instruc-
tor" was not meant to assume a racist nature.
Mr. Hamilton stated in his letter of Feb. I.
that “ . . . a number of students and others
who read the article and know me. mightcome
to the conclusion. erroneous I presume. that
the treatment afforded me was racist in
nature.“

Harry. 1 think you are overreacting. It never
was. and never will be. my intention to slight
you by using the title "instructor" in lieu of
“assistant professor." This holds true for any
other journalists. unless. of course. the jour~
nnlist is bigoted. If you think this to be the

ease rry. , ou are slightly unstable. or.
entreinely'defenslve. I. know what you mean; I
think you-must. have been watching Reots
every night last week. However, 'the matter
you ﬁfervto is‘ valid,Aand‘ it is to that validity
tha‘tl replyﬁ  i ' ' .  ‘

’The Webster's New World Dictionary

deﬁnes instructor as: ,A t‘eacher.’A college‘

teacher ranking below an assistant professor.
Obviously. you chose tlsc'latter deﬁnition. and
.I can see why. You hav‘egmade a case for
yourself,-and have magnified it as under a
microscope. l implied the? first meaning
without checking the second—for that» 'I
apologize. I was unaware of r such strict
bureaucratic distinctions. s

.I am a student. and I still have much to
learn. In fact. I am presently takingacourse in
building vocabulary. ' ' '

In lieu of what Raymond E. Falconer said
to meland what you believe I improperly
wrote in the story, allow me to say he did in-
deed quote "pronounced" in a later statement.
I expressed, verbatim, the statement Falconer
made. I would like to leave it at that. You
weren‘t there. so do not interfere.

As for the mistake with Dr. Jai S. Kim. he
quite understood. He pointed it out to me
when l 5 NJ him.and we both laughed about it.
His wite's name was listed. in parentheses.
after his last name. There was no indication
that the name in parentheses referred to his
wife.

Harry. l address you by your first name
because I am reluctant to address you by
anything else. I fear that it may offend you.
which I repeat was never my intention.

Mark P. Greenstein

smoking
prohibited

To the Editor:

The January’28 article on the classroom
smoking ban has finally brought to light a
problem which has constantly plagued non-
smoking studcnts~the lack of formal smok-
ing restrictions in class. The university has
recognized that the protection granted to non-
smokers under the I975 health law should ex-
tend to students in a classroom situation. Now
that the problem has been formally recognized
it is up to nonsmokers to be more assertive.
Some instructors have already restricted

‘ ' smoking in their classroom. but support from
students andinstructors is needed to enforce
the imitation; it can only be as effective as we
wantit to .f  ~
' Nonsmo rs often hesitate to openly state
their discomfort when a smoker lights up in

a public.- for fear 'of imposing. Whose rights are

'b‘eing infringed upon? A Nonsmokers‘ Bill of
Rights.'adoptedin January I974. states:

"Nonsmokers. have the right to Input/n.

clean air free ' from harmful and irritating
, tobacco smoke. This right supersedes I/lt' right
to smokers/hen the two conﬂict. Nansmnlmt-
have ﬁght/to expres.s4—flrml.v but [ta/trot...
their discomfort and adverse IPttt'Iittm tn
tohotft'o smoke. They have the right to l’UIt't'
their ulziet'tionr when smokers light It'llhttm
asking permission.

Nonsthokers have the right to Ika' lit tinn
through legislative channels. sot-in] pm mm,
or any other legitimate lilt‘tlll.\‘-—(l.\' illt’lI‘lt/lltllt
or in groups—to prevent or zltitt-tntrnyr

' smokers from polluting the llllllthl'p/ll‘l‘t'. tllltl
to .tt’l‘h' the restriction o/ stint/ting t‘n [Hill/It
placer."

Each nonsmoker should realite that he III
she is not a minority. but part of a growing Illil‘
jority. Attitudes must change. Ntlllsi‘lltiht'ls
must'realizc that they are not the ones nu»
posing. Smokers must assume more respon-
sibilityby making certain that their chutcc It:
smoke is not imposing on others‘ rights

Nonsmokers remember . . . you are Itnl
alone. Speak up. and don‘t be afraid to \lltm
that you'do mind,

Diane l)i(iitn_mn

soviet jews
need help

To the Editor:

Do we know what it's like to live in a coun-
try where certain basic rights are denied In Its
because we are Jews? Do we understand u it.”
it's like to live as a Jew in the Soviet Union
where there flourishes a widespread Atm-
Zionist feeling. incited by the Soviet press'
Viktor and Bashcvu Yelistratov know the let'l-
ing.

Viktor and liashevn Yelistratm \\.ttll
desperately to join their family in Israel. but
they are not free to leave the Smict l Itlon
Their attempts loentigrute to Israel I'cslllletl Ill
Viktor's imprisontnetu. In addition. llL' hm

 

 

 

 

 

Ho 0877” m—

1 W6 _
DO

FRtEllPS. ‘
\ .

 

5XC5\PT M6.

 

“129%
case

ﬁsqi

FEIF’FERr

H

can
thHLgoiwme , V5

r'——\

 

 

I CARE
H.150.

\

BUT
IS IT
EUOUGH .7

\

THAT; snow
BU‘Sttless.

 

 

 

 

 

Rising Textbook Costs

See Pages 4A 8: 5A

 

 

