 

'..’ﬂy¢,.§l~“.ldi

,..u  yr: n ‘

 

 

 

i on‘.~ct.mesehetattons *

by AI. lunch -

Ever since President Nixon‘s historic
opening of CornmunistiChina in I972. there
has been an exprqsed desire by both natiotttt
to normaliie relations between the two super-
powers. Relations between the [1.8. and the
mainland were severed following the
Communist victory there in I949.

The 0.8. would like to have a kind of
“detentc‘ Wilh Communist China in much the
same manner as we now have with theSoviets.
The thinking behind this move would be the

old ‘an enemy of my enemy is my friend“ way -

ot mtionali/ation. ‘Ihe Chinese. meanwhile.
are very suspicious ofthc Russians. They will
do anything to olfset the military might ofthc
Soviet Union.

Accordingly. they support :t strong NA ft)
and oppose ll.S. troop withdrawals from
Europe. In order to assure their own military
preparedness against a possible Soviet attack.
the Chinese would be eager to purchase
military (computer) technology from the “.5.
If a resumption ol diplomatic relations is in
the best interest of both countries. why hasn't
there been any significant move in that
direction since I972! llte answer is as simple
as it is complicated: Taiwan.

Following the Communist victory on the
Chinese mainland in l949. the Nationalist
Chinese. who were supported bythe “.8. were
forced to flee to the island of Iaiwan off the
Chinese coast. ln I954. the United States and
Taiwan signed a Mutual Defense treaty. in
which both countries promised to aid the
other in the event that one ofthentcamc under
attack. In the now famous Shanghai
Communique. tssued jointly by the U.S. and
the Communist Chinese at the time of the
Nixon \isll. no mention is tttadenfthe Mutual
Defense 'lrcaty. lhc [1.8. statement said. in
pan. that “. . . there is but one China. and
Taiwan is pan of China." The statement also
said that "the U.S. reaffirms its interest in a
peaceful settlement ofthe Taiwan question by
the Chincsethemsclvoc“ The key word here is
"peacefulf The Communist Chinese. in their
statement. agreed with the U.S. that Taiwan is
a part of China. but added that “the liberation
of Taiwan is China‘s internal affair" an
obvious challenge to the Mutual Defense
Treaty of I954.

The (ommunist Chinese see Taiwan as a
province ol China. and wish to “liberate” it.
"they :el that the question of 'l‘ztiwan's status

is an inteer affair. and that the us. should
withdraw its defense umbrella from Taiwan.
In short. the Communist “price tag“ on our
resumption of normal diplomatic relations
with her is our abandonment of Taiwan.

The U.S.. which would like to see full

diplomatic relations (an cxchentp of
ambassadors) with the Communist C hincsc.
does not wish to abandon the Nationalist
Chinesefor both ceonomicand moral reasons.
Economically. the us. imports a large
number of items from Taiwan. Our trade with
her is growing at an ever increasing rate. The
Communist Chinese simply do not have the
technology yet to produce the wide variet y of
marketable goods which the Taiwanese
produce. On I he moral side. ifwe did break t he
treaty. it would be a sign to our allies all over
the world that America simply cannot be
trusted. We would lose whatever respect that
we have left in the world. ‘

Alter weighing all the pros and cons. I think
that it would not bein the best interests ofthc
[1.5. to resume full diplomatic relations with
the Communist Chinese. and thus break our
treaty with Taiwan. The ethical implications
of such an act arejust too great. l'hird world
and non-aligned countries would be even less
inclined to depend on the US. and would
throw in their lots with the Communists. who
they never saw abandon an ally.

Let us not lose sight of what we are
proposing to do here. We are considering
breaking off relations with one of our oldest
and most energetic capitalist allies in return
for the“honor" of establishing fttll diplomatic
relations with a Communist country whose
leader‘s tactics are comparable to those of
Attila the Hun with respect to human rights.
The potential power of improved U.S.-Sino
relations as a bargaining chip when it comes to
dealing with the Sovietsisas yet unproven. We
would be ruining our reputation of sticking
with our allies through thick and thin. which
has already been severely tarnished by what
some view as our hasty "retreat" from South
Vietnam. and the recent U.S. pressure on
another old ally. Israel.

To break our friendship with the
Nationalist Chinese in order to facilitate the
Communist Chinese would not be an act of
diplomacy. It would be an outrageous act of
international expediency at the expense of our
good name. and should never be done.

 

 

 

 

W

 

To the idler:

Whoeirer wrotc'An Open Letter to the Bio
Department" has lost sight of some important
facts hearing on the problem of ' gaining
admission to mcdicalcollette. It wasonlyafcw
years ago that the us. Was producing each
year about 7.500 new physicians. In the last
two or three years. because of enrollment
increases and expanded facilities. the ﬁgure
annually hovers around H.500. or more than
double what it has been. There is a general
consensus that forthctimé beingtbat ﬁgurcis
suitable to the needs ofthc country. Ofcoursc.
the problem ofequituble distribution remains.
as doctors tend to locate in areas where they
can earn a living. rather than in areas most in
need of their services.

There are far more students considering the
medical ﬁeld as a career than are actually
qualiﬁed forthetraining For some. it has thus
become an unrealistic goal. For others who
become qualiﬁed during their college years.
there is no assurance that becoming so
guarantees admission to a medical eollt‘ge.
because nowadays only one in three quali ted
applicants is accepted.

There is a fallacyin the notion that gt adcs in
certain courses are necessarily the means by
which certain applicants are excluded from
medical training. An impressive grade point
average. especially beyond freshman year.
certainly helps to inﬂuence admission
committees. One can take comfort that grades
earned in freshman year are not subjected
much critical analysis by committee members.
sincc it is recognized that that year of
transition and adjustment frequently does not
serve as an accurate gauge of an applicant‘s
performance.

But grades are only one of more than a
damn ways in which applicants are selected.
The MCAT scores serve as another indicator.
The candidate's capacity for communication
(the fluent and precise use of English) isjudged
to be of primary importance. After all. a
doctor must communicate accurately with his
patients. his peers. and in public all of his life.
K ' J, of how' .7 conveys ' a
in communication serves a medical career as a
most invaluable tool.

As for equivalency of grades between
different pre~med schools. a recent year‘s

 

 

FEIFFERL

comparison of grades earned in comparable

introductory. biology courses showed thm
Cornell granted a few less A‘s: SUNVA gm

~ far more B‘s. I few more Cs. and farfcwer 0';

and Er than Cornell. By the way. Cornell up;
the full version of Kecton‘s textbook. which is
not the same as the “Elements"tcxt by chton
used by BIO l02 for non-biology majors,

It can be demonstrated that having
attended SUNYA has been no handicap over
the years. as far as medical college acct-plum
is concerned. About I out of 3 qummcd
applicants is regularly accepted. In another
avenue of training. Albany ntcdicu|

.technology students of earlier years hm

established such a universal reputation It"
excellence across the country that new
graduates are sought after for etttplo)mt:m‘
Those students take almost entirely the to
called pre-med cours'es on this campus. as the
requirements are practically idL‘IlllCitl
Perhaps the hardest reali/atton to .tcct-pt it
that a candidate seeking a medical LttlL'L'f t.
finding out that for him or lot her. the
opportunity to pursue that chottt- It m.“
severely curtailed. It is not enough to want to
bcadoctor. Nor does it matterat whnt ptnnttn
time the decision was made to m.tkc the
attempt. There are other atenucs upon 1.,
would-be prc—meds. One should hate an
alternate plan to follow lll L‘thL' tint-X
application is rejected. Becotntng a pltlslctitn
is not the only way to serve llllllltllllH
What should a potential candidate
considcr’.’ A calm and confident attack on
course material th1 produce .I record til
excellence some medical College \Hll ttnd hard
to pass up. One‘s tnterests should he lll\L'l\L'.
so that when one enters medical training ont-
can maintain a sense ol pctspecllw about lhc
rest ofthc world whtle one Is shatpt‘ttt'd .tnd
honed in a narrow slivcrol \lttrldl) t'\|\lt'llt‘t‘
It takes a sense of humor. L'mtlttttttal \ltthlllll.
and toughness ol character to sttt\t\e thcltnt
two years of medical lratntng, lll.tllt‘ls tn
which a difference of a tea percentage potno
in grades contribute next to no \ltllllllLtlllL'l'
Hudson 5. Winn. Prol lltologttal \L‘lt'ntt'v
Pre-tned Aduser In! the l)t-p.trttttcnt

reliable
buses

To the Editor:

Al “:55 pm. thts past \tllldtt‘. night. i.
along with several fellow slUdL’ttls u.» \\.t1ltll_L’
at the circle for the midnight has \ltttllltttllll
dismay. an overly anxtoUs hustlttuct tlt-cttJt-d
to get home early. Icavtng the L'Iltl.‘ httntcthc

 

"—1

 

l4“ 52"

 

 

 

 

 

 

V ' I , , U H l ' :
Student Association President at that time_,force‘t‘md“Da d Gold t rethink "e blunt the
appointed a task and Leventha‘l for three monthslnstcad' of app ,
_ seven. so that a search may take place. The! desired; Fro’ \ _ 4 _
firm of Rosenblum ' : ' time change was the result of the committee the committee chosen 
were three formal c ' - r members being available in Albanyj'd'uring ind' 'd ll]? r
force which was auth ' ‘ ln mi: 977, thet ' ' i A .
Student Association. w Id '

h

an entire legal service $5,000.00 extra dollars toncgotiate with (

ﬂows is a final report’and total of $5,000.00 which could not-
‘-also joined th

Y
ent Association
provide pro es onal legal services.
The origial committee membership
. - . . ~ r, I ' f I

program. - z .
was proposal from the task force after three exceeded.) Kim hurke,

'tional ttt

ty . . . . al . . . ‘ example
prOfessional placement offices of every law school in New students voting in their college communtttes)
in There was one common element bet

tlp

'dcd u ' t nt he
a r -
cs gal ser c ' _ 
x c impl '
variou dc s swer t h st g s Uni a t I _
ivcd a letter of interest and resumes program. the committee saw four possth

given to the task force. the report suggested We rccc ‘ ' . ’ u t ‘
the rcconvening of the task force to activelyfrom approximately forty tndtVIduals and avenues. fltcttrst avenue was afull-ttrnest'af
solicit applications from the " ‘ Each ' licant ‘ ‘- n - ' ey. lhc second avenue was continutn
community. The three month per' locall based law firm. fhethtrd avcnu
review was not adequate time for t trtng a part-time attorney, and {lb
force to complete such a task. avenue was a combtnatton of the trs :
The report was presented to S p . . .tc thtrdavenucs. : ‘ _ . _ ‘ ' d
Association President-elect David Gold. and which is not included on a resume. such asthe 0n the bas‘ts of our destres._ prtortttes an
the newly elected Central Council fortype of clientele the attorneys had or their appltcants. .a .common' phtlosoptlt‘y.dw'alt‘E
feedback and suggestions. There were no politicle connecttons in Albany. Each embraced: htrc more than one tn lVI ua.I

formal comments submitted, although many applicant who was still interested in our who has particular strengths in that are
()r‘tl comments were mad ' g c ' ' " ' 'k d ' ' ro osal senttally the commtttec was concerne
‘ .

might call for a
relationship than the one Rosenblum and York State and a few .law schools

Two large cheese
pizzas to go,

9’

 

please. . .

 

 

 

 

