 

ron

EMPIRI. STATI’, PLAIN CONVENTION HALL

 

Baja Praducllan: presents. . .

The Ribony Challenge Cup l'l‘lotch
“2.500 Prize Money

thhur Risenchk Stockton

 
  

 
  

Bethlehem Central Sr. Ill b School
Delowore Rve., De mot

December l7, I977 -8 pm

Doubles Match Included:
I Ashe lt Stockton vs. lany New It lnderjlt Slngli
Ticket Prices
$8.00 Advance Sale
$8.50 at Door
Herman Sporting Goods. Wolf

on
Gold Stock Sporting Goods.

 

Ticket Outlets
Berwicks Tennis Club. Guilderland

Johnny Evcrs. Central Ave..Albany schgnccmdy
any Colonic Tcnni Club. A b
Ski Mart, Latham Ier Rd l any

a
Capital Land Tennis Club. Rl- ‘55 Southwood Tennis Club. Albany
For Sludmt Group Rules, Call Baja Productions. lid-[576

 

 

 

 

Dudley Do-Right’sj

Bar & Mcetin‘ Place
25 Morrison Avc. Troy. NY.
Takc Troy East off of 787- Right at first light. tothctop ofthc hill.

Thursday
Special
50¢ Motions
50c bar r/i'rred drinks

Special
“.00 pitcher of beer
500' bar .rii‘rml drinks

Dudley’s announces a Gala New Year’s
Eve Party, Sat. Dec. 31 8:00 till closing.

   
  

i
I Wednesday

H ate .
and fun. .
with the famous heavy
‘ duty rock and roll
i

noieemakers

group
Eros

Tickets sold
in advance.

 

 

Po er Attire
equircd.

 

PAGE TWO

 August. the cut- :

off will go above 2.9."
Holstein said that there have been

. no instances in which students have
‘ not graduated becausethey were.

closed from required courses.

I “They just can’t take these courses
as early as they would like to." he
said. “Many students want to fulﬁll
their requirements by their junior
year, but. instead, have to wait until
their senior year."

Shelley Prysant. a second-
semester junior majoring in
marketing was closed out of some
required courses in pre-registration.
She said that Assistant to the Dean
and Undergraduate Advisor Helen'
Pelersi kept putting her off. and
"couldn't tell me why I was closed'

Prysnnl iiddcd that the first group

of students to prc~rcgistcr have been
"pulling cards." forcing some
sections to close early.

Pclcrsi said that schedules were set
up to fill certain rooms at certain
times before the problem became
apparent.

“The schedule cxtcnds front 8:00
am. to l0:00 p.itt.," she said. “With
l30 undergraduate scctions. we
needed to fill those rooms at 8:00 in
the morning.“ She added that tltc
school is doing the best it can to
accomodatc the students.

A new section of required cou rscs
was rcccntly opcncd. l’elcrsi said. Of
four rcquircd Accounting courses.
students had to choose two.

“There were enough ofthcm. even
though they may not have gotten
their first choice," she said. She
added that all fotir were equally
good courses. “They may not get
their first choice simply because
there are too many students."

The school is turning down many
students. Holstein said. to
accommodate lhosc presently
enrolled.

“We are operating under a space-
available basis. basically servicing
our own majors. Lots of available
space would mean lousy scheduling
on our part." he said.

“We Were also thinking of closing
[admissions to] the school." he
added.

_ The administration has attempted
to alleviate the problem. but without
visible results. Holstein said.

“We have been granting thicc
faculty positions for next August.
But it‘s difficult to find faculty
members. because business schools
are facing the same problem all ovcr
the country." he said.

Holstein added that classes cannot
be moved to lecture centers. which
would eliminate the problem of
closed sections. because students
have complained that thcrc itrc too
many classes held there already.

“The average class size is about 40
students. Every faculty mcmbcr is
teaching to his capacity as it is," he
said.

Holstein contittucd that lie “would
like to think that tltc quality of
education hits not been affccicd.
Though l iInI in thc iitiddlc iii a
complex situation. I have not_donc
anything to adversely affect tltc
quality." He added that the
undergraduate program could be
improved. though. by smaller
classes.

Serving as many students as
possible is the school‘s main
objective. Holstein said. The student
will not be held up. “but he won‘t get
every course he wants. when he
wants it."

By decreasing enrollments adding
faculty members. Holstein foresees
an alleviation ofthc problem in a few
years.

 STUDENT PRESS

Vance In Jordan to Discuss Talks

AMMAN. Jordan (AP) Secretary of State Cyrus R. Vance arrived in Jordan
today to try to persuade King Hussein to send a representative tothe Cairo
talks between Israel and Egypt. Vance said his talks in Israel showed the
Jewish state was dedicated to peace and “working energetically toward that
goal." His aides exuded optimism after their visits to Cairo and Jerusalem.
“Hussein is a true and valued friend and his advice and counsel at this time is
particularly important to us," Vance said in an arrival statement.

Striking Miners Dump Non-Union Cost
CHARLESTON, W, Va. (AP) Striking coal miners intensiﬁed their eff 0115
to halt the flow of non-union coal today as about 400 ofthcm in a milelong
caravan forced coal trucks in caastcrn Kentucky to dump their loads
alongside U.S. 23. The truck drivers were told to “go home if you want to
keep your truck." Two trucks were emptied of about 60 tons ncar
Catlcttsburg. And Kentucky state police said two more trucks were dumpcd
latcr. “We‘re monitoring the caravan. but so far that‘sall we‘rcdoing.“ said it
state police spokesman. The incidents came as union and industry
negotiations rcportcd progress during contract talks in Washington

Crisis In U.S. — Japanese Relations Says Mansfield
TOKYO (AP) U.S. Ambassador Mike Mansfield said Monday Japan has
not gone far enough with proposals for reducing its big U.S. trade balance
and described relations between thctwo countries as bcingnt a crisis. “I don't
think it is sufﬁcient." the 74-year-old Montanan. former majority leader of
thc U.S. Senate. said of the Japanese package oftariff reductions and other
measures. He made the comment as Japan‘s minister for external economic
affairs. Nobuhiko Ushibit. began talks at tltc White House to explain the
plan. U.S. imports from Japan amount to about $8 billion more than
Japanese purchases from the United States. Economists haVc said the big
Japanese margin contributes to U.S. unemployment. In an interview with llIL'
Associated Press. Mansfield said unless trade differences are settled within it
period of 60 to 90 days the situation may get out of hand.

Qatar to Back Oil Price Freeze

DOHA. OlllrtAP) The petroleum minister ofthc Persian Giilfshcikdont of
Qatar. which last ycar backed plans fora l5 percent increase in tltc price of
crude oil. said Monday his country mayjoin moderates in thc Orgatti/alion
of Petroleum Exporting Countries who want a price frecrc. Sheik Abdul
Aziz bin Khalifa a1 Thani. who also is president of OPEC. indicated Qatar
would go along with Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates which want
the freeze as a way ofrclaxing inﬂationary pressures on the World‘s economy.
OI’EC opens its ministerial conference in Caracas, Venezuela Dec. 20. “Wt-
will adopt a policy capable of combating inflation and bolstering tltc U.S.
dollar." he said in an interview with The Associated Press. “We are fully in
favor of efforts undcrway to achieve prosperity for the world economy. And

this will be accomplished through the combined action of OPEC to urrangc‘

economic solidarity bctwccn oil producers and consumers with it view to
curbing inflation.“

Supreme Court Rules on Forced Retirement
WASHINGTON (AP) The Supreme Court ruled today that thc fcdcriil law
prohibiting age discrimination does not protect some ll million workers
from being forced to retire bcforc tltcy reach the age ol'hﬁ. In a 7-2 dccision.
the court said the law was primarily designed to encourage the hiring of older
workers not to prevent them from being retired under pension plans adopted
before the statute was passed. The dissenting justices. Thurgood Marshall
and William J. Brennan. said the majority decision has “deprived many older
workers of tltc protection which Congress sought to afford." But they noted
that the House and Senate recently passed amendments spccifically
prohibiting forced retirement of under-65 cmployecs simply because ofthcir
age. Titus. they said. “the mischief the court fashions today may hc
shortlivcd." The decision came in a case involving Harris McMann ol
Alexandria. Va, who brought suit contending that United Airlines had no
right toforcc liint to retire wltcn he reached age 60 in I973. He was it technical
specialist in aircraft systems and had worked for tltc firm sincc l944.

Times & Audobon Society Cleared in Libel Suit
WASHINGTON (AP) The Supreme Court today let stand it lowcr Court's
decision throwing out a $61.0iltl lith award against tltc New York 'I mics and
tltc National Audubon Society. The justices rcfuscd to review a ruling by lilt'
2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals cltaritctcri/cd as “in every way a
landmark" on tltc right to rcporl serious charges against public figures. The
court's action scts no legal prcccdcnt. but courts in thc 2nd Circuit.
encompassing New York. Connecticut and Vermont. and elsewhere in tltc
country. may rely on the appeal court reasoning in dccidiitg futurc libel sutls.
lfso. ptiblic figures could find it more difficult to succeed iii such claims. Iltc
case considcrcd by tltc justices today ccntcrcd oit a I972 nrliclc in tlic New
York Times reporting that tltc Audubon Society hiid charged fch proiniitcni
scientists with lying about tltc effects of pesticides ttn American birds.

State Suspends City's Parking Permits

ALBANY, N.Y. (Al’) The State Mondin suspended Ncw York City's
authority to issue permits for opcration of commercial parking lots in
midtown Manhattan. on grounds tltc city issucd one that did itot contply with
new air quality regulations l’clcr llcrle. commissioner of environmental
conservation. said the suspension of authority for llots in tlie central business
district. south of 59th 51.. would continue until state investigators decide
whether some pending permits would nttt create additional air pollution.
lierle said he took the action because the city Department of Environmental
Protection issued a permit which did not comply with the federally approved
Iransportation Control Plan TCI’ and il federal court order. The lot iit
question was identiﬁed as one at l24l Broadway.

DECEMBER 13. 1977

 

 

by Mike reams

A survey of student apartments
located near the downtown
dormitoriu has shown that only

three of 62 are in compliance with a _

new city housing ordinance.

The ordinance requires that all
apartments rented after June of this
year be inspected and issued a Cert-
iﬁcate of Occupancy by the City of
Albany. '

Apartments Surveyed

The survey. conducted by
NYPIRG, OCA and United Tenants
of Albany. surveyed 76 apartments
in the area. Of these. 62 had been
rented since June and should have
been issued Certificates of
Occupancy.

OCA President John Kennedy. a
member off the survey committee.
said landlords haven't called the city

'when apartment inspections were
due. .

“One reason we. feel the CO.
ordinance isnft working is because a
‘iot of tanclords rent to more than
three students. Rather than run the
risk of getting caught for this. the
landlords don‘t call for their
inspection.“

Occupancy by more than three
unrelated persons in a single apart-
ment in Albanv is illegal. Kennedy
said.

C.0. Committee Chairman Frank
Kronenbcrg. a member of NYPIRG.
said the survey was undertaken to
get an accurate estimate of
compliance with the CO. ordinance.

“Two of NY PIRG‘s concerns here
are consumer protection and
government accountability.”
Kronenberg said. City Government

 

UPS/MARI SASS

OCA needs "a full time person working within the student
perspective." according to OCA President John Kennedy.

     

  

 

  : .

ofﬁcials should be responsible for
lagging enforcement of the codes. he
said.
Kronenberg called the survey.
which began in mid-semester.
“research-oriented.” He said groups
involved plsn to pursue enforcement
of the ordinance if another survey
planned for the Spring conﬁrm
results of this one.

Kenncdy said this pressure would
be directed at landlords and the City
of Albany.

Future surveys. according to
Kennedy. will collect general
information about housing
conditions in student apartments in

 

 

. Albany.

“If we eventually cross-reference
the information from these surveys.
we can actually see which landlords
are renting properly." be said.

 
     

ThonKs {as Slozzlh: 
11; no on is here, Please

buck ioleritoe're M and out.

come.

 

 

   

“I”! ' 'Pk.“.

M~+he

A lsoI leave
number and avoj
below.

You“

MOSS USS

 

Cards

A survey conducted by NVPIRO reveeled lhet almost no student
apartments comply wills the new city housing ordnance reqtdrtng
inspection and the issuance of Certificates of Occupancy.

 

 

Council Approves OCA Coordinator

by Jon Lafayette

An Off Campus Association
proposal for a full tinte OCA
coordinator was approved by
Central Council last chncsday

,nigltt.

According to tltc bill. the
coordinator will “supervise the OCA
staff and ofﬁce. oversee the devclop-
ment of projects. attempt to expand
OCA programs and other related
organizational work.“

()CA President John Kennedy
said he felt that a need existed for the
full time position. “The Off
Campus Housing Ofﬁce is capable
of only rcnciivc services. there are
many positive programs we want In
institutc."

Currently tltc Dircctor of tltc Off
Campus Housing Office Karlccn
Karlson. is the only full-time person
working for off campus students.
She is responsible to the Housing

Commercial Term Papers Illegal

by Steve Silverbcrg

Students who turn in tcrm papch
ordcrcd through the mail are
committing an act (If plagiarism.
according to thv York State
Assistant District Attorney Harris
Manning.

l’oslcrs‘ advertising “thousands of
quality research papers covering all
college subject areas" offer a Scrvice
ihiil is outlawed in New York State.
Manning said.

llut Gregg Dclancy. a sales
representative for Pacific Rcscarch.
said his company provides research
assistance materials which iirc not
intended for use as term papers.

“Pacific Research is it scrvicc
providcd for tltc studciits‘ reference

SA Conducts

use only... We also provide
assistance in essay writing.
improvement of study skills iiitd
many other problems students may
have academically." he said. Ait
affidavit at tltc bottom of order
forms states ‘I fully pledge that tltc
material. . . is designed and
intended to be uscd only as research
rcfcrcnccs.‘ l’clancy said.
Student Distribution

Advertisements used in
publicizing services like Pacific
Research are distributed on
campuses by students who are paid a
percentage ofthc totalitmount taken
in froin the university. An ad seen on
the SUNYA campus headed "(Jot
tltc Tcrm I’apaer Blues?" offers a

Survey

On Campus Cable TV

by ll. W. ll'ox

SA is currently studying tltc
possibility of providing Cable
'l'clcvision schIcc on tltc fch quads.
according lo SA Rcscarclt Director
Brian lcvy.

chy iiitd otltcr SA volunteers
conducted ii poll oit tltc dinner liitcs
last Monday and Tuesday to discern
student reaction to tltc Cable TV
proposal. The poll indicated an
overwhelming desire for Cable TV.
altltouglt students sccmcd concerned
about paying too muclt of an
additional cost. said Levy.

Levy said he isn‘t yet snrc ltow
tiiuch Cable Television will cost
SUNYA. but believes that enact-

DECEMBER 13, 1977

ntcitt ol'tltc pioposiil will iitisccilhcr
housing costs or tltc student
activities fcc.

SUNYA representative from
Capitol Cablcvision. Arthur Kitcggs
said lic would not quote a price until
he find more time to study tltc
project. He said tltc project Would
require “major electrical work."

“We won't bother to put it in
unless we are sure of ii proﬁt." said
Kitcggs.

Levy said he got the idea for the
project by examining reports front
various schools that are currently
rising Cable 'I'clcvision. These
reports indicated tltat the project
could be successful. he said.

. Await swarm Passe
K.

I

catalogue of topics for Sl.0i).

Delaney said ltis company‘s
research papers cost thrcc dollars per
page. Manning said students must be
aware that their signature to the
affidavit which accompanies all
orders for papers constitutes a case
for plagiariasm if the student
submits a paper as his own.

“Such publications are as illegal as
they are impractical." stated
Manning. "However. most of these
research companies provide a
coittriict by using these
publications."

Reached at a Seattle. Wash.
pltoitc number. Delaney originally
identified liintsclf'as a salesperson iit
charge of catalogue production, and
was ltclpful iit providiitg information
on file company. When he was
pltottcd a second lllIIL‘. llowcvcr. ltc
claimed lic was a mail clerk and
wouldn‘t comment oit tltc company‘s
demand for papers. He did offer tltc
rcportcr a free catalogue lilollgll.

According to Dcait for Student
Affairs Ncil Brown. a scctton of thc
SUNYA Sludcnl (iuidclincs clearly
outliitcs university policy concerning
mail-order piipcrs.

'l'ltcsc guidelines forbid "[thc] use
of piircliuscd scrvicc reports wilhottt
appropriate source negotiations."

Students caught using such papers
may go before the SUNYA Judicial
Board. Brown siiid. “The outcome
can range front no punishment to
dismissal front school.“ ltc said. He
added that. in the past. some faculty
members have brought charges of
plagiarism on students caught using
papers which weren't their own.

The position will involve ofﬁce
“What we nccd to bcrcsponsivcto hours and time for research and
student needs is a full time person organization. OCA is now drawing
working within the student pcrspcct- up the specifics as well as
ivc" said Kennedy. dctcrminingthe criteria on which the
In addition tosupcrvisingthestaff candidates will be judged.
of Student Off Campis Advisors. lntcrvicwing will begin in February
the OCA coordinatorwill bca project according to Kennedy.
c o 0 rd in at o r c harged with Ledwilh feels that this will streng-
implcmenting and overseeing tltcn OCA. “With more
student initiiitcd programs. sophisticated programs and well
0(‘A plaits to begin working on developed goals and services we can
organizing student tenants. pull pcoplc iii and have more people
consumer advocacy. and social involved." ,
programming. "With student Full Time Person
projects. a student initiates it and “A full time person would also be
maybe follows it through. then he more effective in dealing with local
lcavcs. A full time coordinator will tenant organization since he will be
assure a consistent attitude and here longcrthanthc average student.
approaclt to programs.“ said It would be an advantage if he can
Kennedy. build a working relationship with the
According to Off Campus community or get an in with city
Advisor ‘I'im Lcdwitlt the hall.“ said Kennedy.
coordinator will hcablcto“tieallthc “OCHO now can only react to
cnds together instead of having tcnaitt problems, emergencies like
many students working piccmcal." f'ircs aitd other situations that are
According to Kcitncdy. “There is brought to our attention. Our
no oitc studcnt available full time to . iidvisors sltould do more than just
avoid duplicatiott or gaps inwork," answer qucstions.“ said Kennedy.

Signum Laudis Honor
Society Is Reinstituted

constitution provided fora president
as the student with the highest
academic average in the ﬁrst six
semesters of undergraduate work.
“Membership. you see. was based
on academic achievement." said
Collins. “It was restricted to not
more than ten per cent of the
graduating class. and they must have
an average of B or better.“ he said.
Signum Laudis held its first
induction on Senior Class Day in

Office and to the University.

by Aron Smith

When 87 juniors and seniors were
inducted into Signum Laudis last
week. it marked tltc rcinsiitutinn of
art honorary society which was
established at SUNYA in l930 and
had been dormant since the early
1970's.

According to English professor
Artltur Collins. Signum Laudis was
formed when SUNYA. then known
as New York State Teacher‘s
College. was unable to charter a .lutte of 1930.
chapter of the national lionor N0 "Omen"
society. Phi Beta Kappa.Collins said "It lasted without any real
that according toa I930 articlein the problems up into the late sixties and
Slim College News (predecessor to into the early seventies. I'm not sure
tltc ASI’). Plti Beta Kappa was when the line was broken." said
attempting to achieve a mate Collins.
uniform geographicdistributionand “Signum Laudis was the only
“wouldn‘t establish any new campus group which recognized
chapiers on tltc East coast for several scholarship." said Dean for Student
years." Affairs Neil Brown. “When Phi Beta

The idea ofthe college forming its Kappa appeared on campus.
own organization to "encourage aitd Signum Laudis waajeopardizcd. It's
reward scholarship" began as a an old organization; it's been around
motion in the Student Association for decades. I think Signum Laudis
assembly in the spring of l930. A was viewed as part of the old
faculty-student committee drew upu tradition." he said.
constitution. which was approved by “The greater prestige of Phi Beta
tltc Student Association in June of Kappa is probably responsible for
that year. the loss of interest in Signum

President A.R. Brubachcr and Laudis." said Collins. "There was a
Dean William Meltzcr were the question in some people's minds
francs in faculuuae. or chatter about the continuance of Signum
members. of Signum Laudis. said Laudis." he said.

Collins. The organization's continued on pasefour

 

  

 

