  
     

 
 
  

 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
   
  
  
 
 

iigis.ig
at: r
'tsii
if?

  
    
     
      
  
 

 

  
  
  
  

 
 

  
 
    
 

l. i
i i
t; I
l 
"4:

 it

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

t
LPG]
. "the Voiu'e loatﬂovio

’ Tlaim Doubt "from

as loin-movie" m

If mmnmmwuttlcon

’ 't motto‘emitutneyuaeoto.

. . AM on! plotter» lttm.‘
i I'M
l

“BEAUTIFULLY Acreo...
an intellectually exquisite

II
 —Penotopa Gilliat New VoriiuiMaqnimn

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 area

Workers’ Health
(PNS) Many of the 19.000 or more
workers laid off in recent months by
giant steel companies can ’ be
expected to suffer physically. as well
as economically, because of theirjob
loss. . '

They run ahigher risk of heart
disease. ulcerS. arthritis.
hypertension. ﬂu and other ailments
associated with emotional strce than
they did before they lost their jobs.

That job lay-offs carry hidden
health costs for the workers is shown
in a study soon to be released by the
National Institute of Occupational
Safety and Health. It was conducted
by Drs. Stanislav Kasl. professor of
epidemiology and public health at
the Yale School of Medicine. and
Sidney Cobb. professor of
community health at Brown
University. Knsl and Cobb
investigated health effects of long or
permanent lay offs on 200 workers of
two large industrial plants.

The ﬁndings are relevant for
workers currently laid off in
Youngstown. Ohio; Lackawanna.
N.Y.; Johnstown. Pa. and otlieriron
and steel centers.

“The situation is quite
comparable—lay-offs due to plant
shutdowns." Dr. Kasl told PNS.

Workers who Were older. had
been employed longest iind were in
poor health were hit harder than
younger and healthier workers with
a short work history at the plant. the
study found. Kasl and Cobb's two-
year study focused on married men
aged 35 to 59 who had at least five
years‘ seniority and ii lottg history of
stable work experience.

A signiﬁcant number ofthese men
suffered physical stress symptoms
from the time they were anticipiiting
job loss. until after they were rchircd.

They showed high levels of uric
acid. associated with titliritis: high
pulse and blood pressure iind blood
cholesterol levels. associated with
hypertension and heart disease.

A high frequency of hypertension
was observed. There was a high level
of peptic ulcers. including flare-tips
ol~ old ulcers. Minor ailments also
were more frequent among the
unemployed men than in ii control
group of industrial employees who
still had jobs. Wives of the
unemployed also showed a high
incidence of ulcers.

in avert such health problems.
l)r. Kasl recoitiiiiciids programs that
otter cntotional support. These
should involve the family. the union.
the company and the community. he

 

 

 

 
  

 

 
 

 
  
  

 
 

    
  

Ervin .Thinit's ERA Amendment Uneeessary
KANSAS CITY (AP) Former Sen. Sam J. Ervin says he thinks sex is
important but that the Equal Rights Amendment is not necessary. “i think
sex is the most important thing on earth," said the North Carolina Democrat.
remembered for his country humor during televised hearings of the Senate
Watergate Committee. which he headed. “The ERAis not necessary became
the Supreme Court now holds that every law in theland -—federai or state 
which makes any distinction between the rights of men and women is
unconstitutional unless the law is based on reasonable grounds for the
protection of women.” Ervin said.

Err-Radical Rudd Still F aces Charges

NEW YORK (AP) In a deal with the prosectuion. Mark Rudd. the student
lirebrand who became a fugitive leader of the radical Weather Underground.
pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor. and went free Thursday for his part in the
I968 student rioting at Columbia University. He still faces felony charges Ill
Chicago. however. stemming from the I969 street demonstrations that
became known as the “Days of Rage.“ He is free without bail in the out
there. Rudd. now 30. surfaced ii month ago after seven years its a itigitltt‘.
Wiien he reappeared from hiding, Rudd was quickly charged with criminal
trespass in the Columbia student uprising. and bail-jumping and obstruction
of government administration in its aftermath. All are misdemeanors
carrying a total maximum jail sentence of 27 months

Temporary Phone Rate Hikes Approved
ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) The Public Service Commission Thursday approved
temporary riitc bikes for the New York Telephone Co. totalling $245 itiillion
innually. A PSC spokesman said the action would probably result Ill n
temporary hike to a residential customer with one phone of about $|.25 a
month. PSC spokesman Francis S. Rivett explained that the Collllillbsltill
took the action to insure that the company‘s original request of $392.9
million would not go into effect Sunday. as courts had ruled it would lniic
had the commission not acted. The commission‘s action was recommended
by three licaring examiners. The commission expects to reach its hard
decision by Nov. 29.

Americans Win Nobel Prize for Medicine
STOCKHOLM. Sweden (AP) Three Americans. pioneers in the stud) ot
hormones and their effects on the human body. wonthe I977 Nobel pl'i/t’itil
medicine Thursday. The award went to 'Drs. Rosalyn Yalow, Itogi-i
(itiillemin and Andrew schally. iiitd brought tofivc the number of Ann: |L.iit
prilc winners in this year's competition so far. The prize for economics \\ ill hr
announced Friday. Dr. Yalow. 56. oftlie Veterans Administration Hospital
iii the Bronx. N.Y.. is the second woman to win the medicine prize. (Illiiliit'
first in three decades.

Amtrak Suffering Financial Woes

WASHINGTON (AP) Amtrak President Paul H. Reistrup said today that
ftirilicr cutbacks iti service on ilic national railway system will be IIL’t'tiCti
unless Congress provides iidditioiial millions ol'dollars. Moreover. Rcisli tl|i
said. Congress might consider doing away with Amtrak entirely unless it is
willing to provide extra funds. Reistrup told a House commune
subcommittee on transportation“there will have to be further Cuts il liiL'iL' illt'
no additional funds, But this is counterproductive because we will lose llltllt'
revenue." Amtrak previously announced sharp curtitilmcnts on its lotion-
niile rail passenger network beginping Nov. I, including elimination ol :3
runs in the heavily traveled Northeast corridcr between Washington. \t \\
York and Boston.

West German Plane Hijacked

 

i “A very lovon said.

i . - . . . .

g mm_ Yul he and UL Cbe “mud [hm ROMP. i AP) A West German airliner With 92 persons aboard was liii.ii ml
 ‘ ‘V ‘ 455..., [Hymns usually mm" “mndmmcm today by it gunman who demanded the release of “all comrades detained in
t HELD OVERl by the union. the com on an - WW (Jet'lttttn prisons." l'he Lufthansa lime was seized on a lit 'lil limit tlit'

_ p y d the g i ._ . _ P b
ﬂ 6:30, 3:40. km 0' (“her supp”. gmups‘ . punish island of Mallorca to i‘rllllkfllrl. it first landed iii Rome. Wiit‘lt lilt‘
M I“ “M5 I he “My Wcummcndh mm hijacker gave his demands to Italian police. Then it took off fot .Nitosin.
~ ' I Y companies and gowmmcm (yprus. lhe plane had been refuclcd while the man negotiated “Illl ihr
. .  I. mmpcm‘c m mum“ huddcn Nb ilill‘ill‘llli'ptiiifu .lAi'cording to airport sources. the German government had
. . Wrminm-mns for umusunds if IIS e t iatt ic p iine be delayed until more cotild be I 'a n -d i b til ~ I ii in
, ANOTHER SHATTERING EXPERIENCE . “urn-rt. and incictld ... - ‘ ol the hijacker. lliit then it took off aft ' ii 'I " -kL- r L  “‘l‘l - H r“ I I I
: FROM THE “ﬂue” orwux' DRIVER." . . . I‘ 5.. up Job I I, ‘ LI It. iijai. er hrokc oll contact \titi
, phase-out and retraining and rc- "“gm'dmn‘
 7:00 employment programs that allow Albany  Quiet After Takeover
‘ .00 'i' int i .' , ; . . . ., ~
. 9' '5 f“ 'Ilv if'l‘f‘mm "I" PILVU“ M-uANLN-YJAI’) llte Albanyt oiiiit Jail was re iortcdto bct tnci into
. I "Winch-t WU”. following 't four-hour l'tkLUVLl‘ of [ii ity I II b Lil \lil l |
I ______ ____ __ " - ‘ ' ct css in y inmnlus ’ci lit"|-|\
g "" No injuries were r- i-d I '
‘ m 3." Jon La“ Duel V “P” 9 Mid tlic unarmed prisoners took no Iimtn!M
.  . v ﬂy Write andundyouiiettersto i!.uililntl‘g [he “IMHO.” W" .hcgu" m” m” i”"“"°“ MUN“ “‘ I‘m“ 'l‘“ “"M
“ism , m". .V. neg: m. Asp. ccszg um.“ ltltllitlttrl lliiiich. said Sheriff JohnMeNulty. 'l’liciiiintttes peacefully i clot no!
I I m ~ ' ’  - 1 ‘ ultra Lt lb About 4 pm. after discussing their grievances with otticinh in-
g r I ' :28“ uerlmy Film.” 10 say what the prisoners grievances were "until \u‘
t, . iiives igiitioii."
I
g r ' I s
' I I w .
.‘V i . ; r i .. 'erilvefrlicnham? Barted from New York Marathon
~  .. . '  ' , l g -“ Wm d. FIN i Organisers ni’tiic New York City Marathon Ill‘csllt‘htitli
t l I ll mi I I “d “Elmo” Ihﬂrtlng wheelchairs from the Oct. 23 race. Officials li-m'
l 7:20. “:50 I,”  ltlc gppltcatioii of Bob Hall. 25. of Belmont. Mass. to take pttll Ill
‘ "winds": ﬁler” Wild tuMcc- H:l|  who has taken part In othercompetttmnm
. v I or on tirttt on has . - - - - Y t
. 5 ' (iVil Liberties Union. Fred lehi l .‘uktd-fm “up from U“ NW ".l i
V Runners Club hm l_ ‘ (W. i te president of the New York limit
,5 um cum 5 00") 3 3 0 “"3 mﬂrttthnn. said liuli Would not heniiowcd toimn
' --------—---—._.__l me ﬁve bri‘d “Will's” because he wait it danger to other riiniieis. lle t-itrtl
PAGE Two AL go. Wllil narrow riiiiips which are along the riice‘s roiitc
BANY STUDENT PR3 '
j 95 OCTOBER 14. 1977

 

 

WCDB- Studio:  1;. 

by Steve Bracket.

Construction of SUNYA‘s new
FM radio station began Wednesday
and should be completed by
Thanksgiving. according to WCDB
general manager Paul Rosenthal.
Rosenthal.

“We‘ll begin part time." Rosenthai
iiiid. “andexpand to twenty hours ii
day by next semester."

The construction is a result'of a
S|7.000 Student Association loan.
According to Central Council
Chairperson Mike Lissncr. the loan
will be repaid from the station's
budget for the next few years.

“the SA will pay for a certain
proportion. and UAS will pay back
some of it.“ Lisstier said.

llic station was given a $l0.000
grant Iroiii SA atid a 55.000 grant
Iroin UAS this past spring. Total
cost ol construction is estimated at
$0.000.

i‘L'ill lli'L'\ such its exterior windows

       
   

Psychology Dep

artment Chairman Gordon Gallup said that using

for sound isolation. insulation in the
windows and walls. and a better
quality 'of sound doors were
eliminated to cut costs. according to
Rosenthal. ‘

The cuts will affect the sound
quality ol'tbe station. Rosenthal said
he hopes these features will be
restored. but doesn‘t expect them in
the near future because of lack of
funds.
ntennn ‘

After a seventeen-foot antenna is
constructed on Mohawk Tower. the
station should reach all of Albany
and most of the surrounding areas.

“A transmitter test will be done
within the next two weeks."
Rosenthitl said. “We should get a
three to ten-mile radius. reaching
about 200.000 people."

Architecture for the station was
done by Harris A. Sanders
Associates. and the construction is
being doiie by .l. Keenan

 

rs/sttvs runiueiio

 

pools oi undergrduates es sublecta In research experiments will
continue. “if sub|ects are not at risk. informed consent is not needed."

Carey Backs Higher TAP Awards

it) \alcric Miiliiiaro

Itctci‘siiig ii prciiotis position.
tnociiioi llugh L'arcy announced
on lucsdii) that lie Wlii support a
pioposal to iiiciciisc the maximum
lAl‘ imiti‘tl lioiit blSllll to Slbiltl.
iiih “I” not tillcct Slil‘i‘Y students.

'\LLttlt|Illll to |llb(' l’icsidciit
lilccii Dickinson. sttclt bciicl'its
\ttllliti .illcci stiiilciiis :iitciidtiig Ilic
\l.|l s's pii\.iic collcgcs tilii_\.

l)ii hill‘xtlll \iilti lilill lAl’
icgtiltitiotts pioltibtt sitidciiis It‘oiii
ictt'intig titiiic lAl’ lllltllL‘) lililil tlit:
lllllltlll clinigctl by iiit collcgcs llicy
.iic .ittcinliiig

"\iitic lllilltili .t lilt' SLNY
~.iilt|tti\ l\ 37M) lttl i|\‘\illllL’ll and
stiltiitilllttlt‘x and Will) loi tumors
and st'lilttix. \l .\i siiidciits notilil
not lic .illct'tt'tl Iii lilh piopiistil."
\.Ilti llit htlhttll

\ttoitlitig to lilt.‘ liicstlay picss

c (iti\L‘llltI| ( am) said tli.it"il
condition

I\'iL-|\
lilt‘ \l.ilc\ IlllttilL‘liti
tiillllllllt'ti to iiiipiotc." lic would
icttiltititt'iiil il IL'liti.it‘lt\L' tttclcnsc tIi
lltc |.v\l’ ceiling lot this ycai's
licsliiticii

llic increase would be submitted
it tlic deficiency budch
coiciing slioit—Iiills iii piograiii
limits) which is considered by the
state I cgisiattirc lll Jitnuiii‘y.

lltc (iovcrnoi's position sttitiils iii
isi to his attempt during the
legislative session to arrest

state's

t oiitt i
pilot

OCTOBER 14. 1977

 '«HVJJaUJJ-LIJJJJI[listen-lupus. nu...“

what he termed “the dramatic
increase in lAl’ costs“ cited in the
lzxcculivc Budget lor the l977-7tt
lisctil ycai.

In the Budget. (imct'not' Carey
had recommended iivo program
changes to decrease the number of
students eligible lor the maximum
lAl’ cntitlctnciit. Neither ol lltc
L‘t tilitttll) iiictisni'cs ticic accepted by
lilL' State legislature.

According to it State Senate
source. ii bill tiiititiiiiiioiisl)
approved bytlic Republican Scuttle.

 

Construction Co.

SUNYA‘s AM station. WSUA,
will be used to train about l50 new
members. said Rosenthal.

' According to. WCDB‘s program
director Rich Schcnkman. the
majority of music will consist of
familiar artists. Though it will'
not be as highly progressive.

 
 
  

   
   
   
   
 
 
   

   
  
 
   

  

“We will feature a new artist
album each week." Schenkman
iiddcd. “and give away a copy ol‘the
album.“

There will be a concentration on
live music and talks with local
artists. Schcnkmiin also said that the
station will broadcast jlill. and the
taping of area concerts.

“There are always unknown
problems." said Rosenthal. “llut
with the actual construction people
can see what‘s going on. Never
before hits the reality been this

by Mike Pearlman

Psychology grad students were
informed of guidelines to be
followed regarding the risk to
subjects involved in human research
subjects by department chairman
(iordon Gallup and Professor
Edward Blanchard in a meeting
Wednesday.

This was in response to the state
Health Depanment's investigation
into alleged illegal practices in the
Psychology Department with
human subjects.

Among the points covered by
Blanchard and Gallup were that
subjects must be fully informed of
risk. the experiment must be subject
to a risk-benefit analysis pertaining
to both the risks and benefits to the
subject and society in general. and
the experimenter must inform the
subject why he is doing whathe is
doing and outline the possible risks
involved.

Blanchard also said that each step

and siiiiiliiir to (iovcrnor Carey's
proposal. is presently locked iii the
Assembly Higher Education
Committee along with it siniiliai
Assembly hill.

SASIl Legislative Director David
L'oync said. “lhc proposals are
inequitable. We wanted it
coitimitiiicitt that SUNY students
uoiild be helped. lhc Senate and
Assembly bills and now the
(iovcrnor's proposal would
gnc itioi'c liiiiiiictiil ﬂexibility to

t'imli'liui'rl on [mgr/Tito

Robberies Raise Gun Issue

For Stony

lltc Sth\ at Stotiybrook
(.iiiipiis Iiookstoic was robbed ol
iiioic than “5.000 ltist uch by three
men who held booksioic ciiiployccs
.it gunpoint. lhts was the fourth
.ii itictl IlliiilL‘l') tit Stony llrook since
May and has hioiiglil tip tlic
iiiicstioii itl \\ilL'lilL‘l‘ University
Police there should be allotted to
L‘illl) Iii'cniiiis.

According to Stony Brook police.
tlici'c hate been no artcsts to date
lL‘iiilL‘d to the I'tihilL‘l'tL‘h.

lti .ltiiic. two students were robbed
by two men. one ol whom liiid a gun.
according to Stony (irook
MtilL‘blllllli reportci tiric (ioldiii.

Brook Police

(ioldin stud that the students were
bound and gagged aim being
iobbcd. llctilsositidtlitttoii Ma) [7.
two armed men iobbcd ii stile at the
locally Student Association ot'l'icc
III the student worth. getting away
with about $i0.0tl0. And oii May 3
l\\ti sitidciits were held Ill gtiiipoiiit
by two men who robbed $2500 in
caiin itiid cqtiipiiient.

At Stony Brook. none of the
police officers are armed. Whenever
.i call comes in which says that an
armed crime is in progress. a request
tor assistance is made to Suffolk
Count y Police. according to a Stony

continued on page ﬁve

III/MY am NOVA!

Construction of studio facilities for wcoa-m began on Wednesday
and should be completed in time tor broadcasting by Thanksgiving.

Psych Research Guidelines Aired

of the experiment must be
documented and that thc
cxperimentor must submit a

protocal for review.

The policy of the Department of
Health. Education and Welfare
regarding the protection of human
subjects states that “Safeguarding
the rights and welfare of subjects at
risk in activities supported under
grants arid contracts from DHEW is
primarily the responsibility of the
institution whcih receives or is
accountable to HEW for the funds
awarded for the support of the
activity."

Review Board

The policy goes on to require the
institution to set up a proper
institutional review board which in
turn will submit certification of such
review and approved.

The review board is required to
determine whether these subjects
will be placed at risk. and if so
whether these risks are outweighed
by the beneﬁts of the experiment.
The board is also responsible to
protect the rights and welfare of any
such subjects and to do this. legally
effective informed consents must be
obtained by adequate and
appropriate methods.

The board must be rcsponsiblcfor
biirringthc participation of pregnant
women iii experiments that would
involve risk to the fetus and all
conduct of experiments shall be
reviewed at timely intervals where
risk in involved.

Finiilly. no grant or contract

       
 

involving human subjects at risk
shall be made to an individual unless
he is afﬁliated with or sponsored by
an institution which can and does
assume responsibility for the
subjects involved.

"Right now it is probablythe most
conservative situation that has
happened,“ said Blanchard. “This
committee at this point is so picky
that if you think there‘s a possibility
of risk. they will think so also." he
said.

Blanchard told the graduate
students that “if you are using
Unviersity appointment for
research. then the University
Committee hasjurisdiction over the
research."

Gallup said. “As a consequence of
the fact that you area student. the
University Committee has
jurisdiction over you."

When the question about the
subject pool arose. Gallup said. “The
subject pool remains viable in the
meantime. If subjects are not at risk.
informed consent is not needed."

He said. “We'll have to create
some alternatives. For now. all the
Psychology I0l students have the
option of writing a research paper."

Some of Gallup's suggested
alternatives included dissolving the
subject pool and giving students
credit towards their grade for
participation (a policy of SUNY at
Stony Brook): the refusal of student
piinicipation at the request of the
Department; and pitying volunteers
to participate.

WHOM KW

Four recent robberies ll stony Brook hove reqtlred local potion

assistance to handle. Some SUNVA security olileerqilkethle one. are

authorized to carry guns. but otticere at Stony Brook are not. Some
say this may have encouraged the recent robberies.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE Tunas:

 

 

 
 

   

 

     

   

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

“ﬂay .

.. NM... ... .. .,..

 

 

 

 

 

 

