 

By MICHAEL P: FRIED'

If you were present at Saturday‘s “I
Love New York“ festival at the Empire
State Plaza. you will know what I mean
when I say that it was magniﬁcent.
Despite forty degree weather. people
turned out in crowds over 50.000. The
festival. which got under way at nine
o‘clock in the morning. was to honor New
York State’s bicentennial.

One of the main features of the festival

was the food. Brought from all over the
state. the food was as delectable as the
events were inviting. Apples. wines.
cheeses. and beer were offered as some of
the munchies at the festival. All I had was
the pizza. and I can tell you-that it was
totally delicious and worth all the money
I paid for it.

If you entered the festival through the

x-coneoursc-level. you found nearly l00,

.vdifferent exhibits displayed by
geraftspersons from'29 of New York's
counties. Browsing was the main activity,
but buying did go on from such exhibits
as glass-blowing. native Indian crafts.
batik and leatherworking. John
Davidson.ra leather-erafter. was selling
beautiful leather hats forthe modest price
of $25. It was only the thinness of my
wallet kept me away.

However. if you are like me. you did
not enjoy the food and the crafts as much
as you enjoyed the entertainment.
Comprised of mostly music and dance.
the entertainment was representative of a
wide variety of ethnic groups from all
over the state. The first group I saw was
the Sophie Maslow Dance Company.
which performed a modern dance
sequence depicting a basketball game.
Even though this was aimed at the
children. there were more adults present
than children. not to anybody‘s
bewilderment. Male and female dancers
dressed in basketball uniforms. danced to
a fast mixture of classical and jazz music
in their mock basketball game. The
troupe has touched on a new realm in the
world ol tnodern dance.

After the performance. I asked two
families about their views of the festival.
Christine Frederick. who was with her
three year old daughter. said “I think it's
great. I wish they had this type of festival
every year." Despite her mother‘s
enthusiasm. three year old Jenny refused
to comment.

Keith Pickard told me that “since I just
got here. I‘ve only seen one show so far.
but I‘ve really enjoyed it and look forward
to more.” Also present with Pickard and
much more cooperative. were his 4-year
old twin sons Shadowlee and'Skylark,
whom I had the pleasure of holding on my
shoulders. They unanimously_ agreed
upon the best thing at the festival ’— the
ice cream and the pizza.

After watching the performances at the
plaza. I headed over to a special program
at the Palace Theatre to see a special
performance of the Albany Symphony
Orchestra. Assisted by members of the
Lake George Opera Company, the
symphony performed selections from Die
Hedermaus. Also included in the all-
Strauss program was the Blue Danube
Waltz. This program provided suitable
warm up for the Evening gala.

The highlight of my evening was
getting a short. but SWect. interview with
Danny Thomas-l asked him why he came
to the festival to be a part of it.

“I came here because I got my big break
in New York.“ explained Thomas.
“Sometimes you have to work three ori
four cities before making it big. but I didit
in New York. However. the start wasn't
big enough. I was scheduled to appear on
the Sullivan show and was very nervous.
You could imagine the look on my face
when Sullivan announced me as Danny
Kaye.“

During his performance he told
everybody to "speak out about your
heritage. Even if you‘re Polish. speak
out.“ As his finale. he sang “New York.
New York." from the movie ofthe same
name. accompanied by the Rochester
Philharmonic under the direction of
Andre Kostclanetz. He then called his co-
star. Kitty Carlislc Hart. who earlier sang
a duet with New York Governor Hugh
Carey. out on stage to sing “I‘ll See You
in My Dreams.“ The song was
highlighted by 'l’homas‘ insistence that on
certain cues people start lighting matches
It] the totally dark palace.

’l o lirtish offthc evening. the Rochester
Philharmonic performed 'l‘chaikovsky‘s
War of lKl2 Overture and Sousa‘s Stars
and Stripes Forever.

From beginning to end. the “I Love
New York" fall festival brought
happiness to all ages and made them
realize that the next 20 years will be even
happier.

 

During his performance, Danny Thomas told
everybody to “speak out about your heritage.

Even if you’re Polish .

 

”
on

i

LOVE  F all estival:

 

 

 

 

 Magnificent Cold amp'

Forty-Degr -

Charcoal Grey ather

 

By JERRY MIKORENDA

Under a chiseled grey sky. the “I Love
New York Festival“ began what was
anticipated to be an exceptional Saturday
in Albany. Everything ended however. in
typical Albany style; cold, wet. and damp.
Rough estimates have it that the bad
weather kept away about half of the
expected crowd of l00.000. The people
who came to the South Mall Saturday.
appeared only semi-interested in the
various cultural events that were taking
place. But of course, if you grew bored of
culture, you could do the next best
thing. . . Eat. There was a wide variety of
ethnic food on hand. along with plenty of
beer and wine. and displayed in booths

similar to the art exhibits.

After watching the massive effort of
putting a human puzzle together. I went
downstairs to the subterranian
Concourse to get my fill of culture. It was
there that I met a strange little man. His
hair and beard .were long and greying, and
his faded plaid shirt pulled tautly around
his belly. He stood by himself turning
back and forth. doing tin-soldier-Iike
gestures. Looking for someone to talk to.
he spotted me.

know and ledge. meaning the ledge of

“Hello.” he says.

“Hello.” says I.

“Do you believe in .lcsns'!“ ill.‘ demands,

“What‘s it to you?!" t reply.

“Nothing a‘tall“ he says. “llut I wanna
show you sumpt‘em.“ He motioned tnetn
follow him. his face growing into a
concave of seriousness that
around his thin pointed nose.

“Now son, you look like the kind of
young man that pursues knowledge.“

"I‘ve seen some school." I answer.

“Well. well. yes. yes.“ he says. taking
the worn cigar from his mouth. It Wilt
black. smooth, and wet; like a thin rock
you might pick out of a stream.

“This knowledge I‘m ‘bout lotell youit
things that your professors and pareno
are afraid to tell you,“ he brags. waving
his cigar like adiseased wand. “You won‘t
learn this knowledge. That‘s two Words;

locust-d

knowing. translated that means we only
know the platform of things. lo really
know something would mean to have no
basis. platform, for anything. Your
apriori godness if you will.“ ;

He lit his cigar and sucked one long 2
draw out of it.

 

“Come here and look ttt this.“ he says.
motioning me with his cigar. We
approached a large painting. it‘s many
different colors spiraled toward the
ceiling like an imaginary pair of cupped
nands.

“What do you see he says.

“A painting,“ I said. puzzled.

“You think that's Art? lt‘s garbttgel" he
says. turnihg away from it with his cigar
hand.

“Someone with a foot in eternity
decided it had some ascetic value." I
added.

“Ascetic value.“ he says, not listening
to me. but tacking the words on to his
sentence anyway. “Ascetic value?! Stuff
that can be cleaned wid‘ windex. put
together and taken apart by night
janitors. . . this is Art? Rags that snotty
little children wipe their running noses
on. are plastered to a canvas. and that‘s
the meaning of the universe?"

I began to laugh as he paced around in
circles lamenting. For a minute or two. he
had drawn a small crowd of half-drunk
laughing teenage boys and old women.
The old women thinking him to be
another show. took their programs from

a,“

 

As I turned around; the old man. 
spying about the crowd. his eyes 

. wild, and his grey hair blew in every ‘“

 

 

“Stuff that can be cleaned wid’ windex. put
night janitors . . . this is Art? Rags that snotty

r

her and taken apart by
‘ ttle children wipe their

running noses on, are plastered to a canvas and at’s the meaning of the

universe?”

 

lﬁwxntaamawmnv:tmu,.,,.,;w.4...g J, £i.-.Mt',h,‘m.{

.95; l  A i 1w .
I I I“ ' M ""“""i “'75 “"i’lyrqilJ‘rdlﬂJi:JI‘UD’Iv :

their plastic white pocketbooks. and
began to look for his name. The gathering
broke-up when he walked away from the
crowd. looking for a match. A man in a
business suit grudgingly gave him a light
and moved on. I also moved quickly away
from him. walking thirty or forty feet
opposite the direction we came. I stopped
by a display of ceramic pots when I felt a
light grip on my elbow.

“Of course." he says. continuing the
conversation as if I never left. “You can
buy one of these interesting little cups
here.‘ or two-hundred and fifty of these."
He held a stryofoam cup with a halfmoon
bit into its side. up to my face. His hands
were worn and dirty. and as he gripped
the cup. the cracks in his hand stretched
open so that the dirt outlined the red
insides like the mottths of tiny snakes
opening.

“Don‘t think the decision doesn't have
to be my friend. it does. Your youth
will decievc you. your generation will
mock you. and history will have a good
laugh at us all. You died in you mother‘s
arms a long time ago. Old men. We either
go sailing to Byzantium. or lloat around
in the concrete bird baths up stairs.“ He
drew on his cigaragain. pulling his checks
in deep around his teeth.

I told him that I had enjoyed meeting
hitn. and that I had to go upstairs and
meet sotnc friends. He didn‘t seem to
mind very much. and went back to doing
the tin soldier-like motions he had dotte
when I first met him.

Outside. the sky had darkened. while
the wind had picked up. My friends were
nowhere to be found. so I bought a few
tickets and got a glass of wine. As I leaned
on the stone ledge. I saw a small barge
moving slowly through the grey water.
toward the black outline ol the bridge.
Below and to my left. the tar roofs were

.uet and slick. with greasy puddles

l‘ciiccllllglilc grey light; mttchinthe same
way that the huge panes of glass that httng
above me did.

I overheard two men in Windbreakers
talking of ltow hard it is to survive. and
how they hoped everything they had
worked for would still be here forty years

from now. And I said to myself that
survival doesn't matter. that life would
always emerge. That somehow. some
way, some insigniﬁcant amino acid would
inadvertedly crawl in front ofa lightening
bolt and start the whole process over
again. I told myself that somewhere out
there beyond the bridges and the tar
roofs. or maybe in the bridges and the tar
roofs themselves. there exists. . . there
will always exist. the silent thunder of the
soul that could change clay into goldjust
by its being.

direction. It was cold and I had decided it
was time to go.‘ I went overtothe old man '
and gave him the rest of my tickets. He
didn’t seem to recognize me. but accepted
thetickets with a “thank you” anyway. He
got a glass of wine and two packets of
cheese. He stood for a moment and
sipped the wine. then he looked deep into
the sky and began to sing as he walked
away. walked behind a beer truck and .
toward the giant egg. a generator blew a
moments‘ hot air on‘me. I stopped to hear
the new act come on stage. It was Danny
Thomas, another old man. he told usthat
we shouldn‘t be ashamed of being Polish.
but should laugh at ourselves anyway.
And it oceured to me that intwo—hundred
years of history there was one too many
laughs. and perhaps we couldn‘t tell the
laughs from the tears anymore. and
maybe that's why they built the South
Mall. I began to walk towards the exit.
someone asked me what I thought of
today. and I said. using the South Mall
for anything other than looking
impressive is like teaching a Bront‘osaurug
to play tennis. '
In the fading light the multi-colored
umbrella‘s looked like cardboard toys, as
the wind blew swirls of plasticcups across
the dull red bricks. As I walked down
State Street. the sunset hung like shreads
of pink silk againstthe blue sky. I stopped
to talk to a friend at a corner. he asked me
if I. had anywhere to go. I told him ——“I
have anywhere to go but home." »

“ Using the South Mall for anything other than Iookingimpressive is like
teaching a Brontosaurus to play tennis.”

 

 

 

