" M egalversltt' aTAlharty‘

 

M

.- c... .--...«.,....

1 Statement from

llte I'.R.S. Depttl‘ttttettt was 'css .

IahIisItetI iii the I-att‘ol am. the
process began iii the Iall of run with
our Iirst course-tut l'nerto Rican
Studies. Ily the tall ‘ol two three
cotuses on I'.R.S. were offered arid
by tltc I-all ol l97| ititte courses on
I'.R..\. ttcrc ollcrctl tnotrrprogratn.

In \Iay ot l97|thc proposaltorthc
establishment ol .1 tnajor aial a
tIL')‘:IIlIIlL‘Ill “as presented. (In tic-
to‘tct 23. W7] nits approted by tltc
( otnnttttce on .-\c:ulctltic I'I'ogtant.
the ( ottnctl ol tlte ('oilegc oI .-\rts
.o d \ctcncc [\o‘. 20. I973): the ol-
Iicc ol tlte Dean of thc.('ollege of
Arts and Sctcnccl \ot. 2x. [971); and
Itnalh ipptwtctl hy the otliee ol
\catlttutc I‘Itr‘t.‘ -ms of S.l '.\‘.Y, on
July l-l. I‘li-l. It} llte hill of l‘)7-llhc
nen organr/ctl Department began its
tyoik. ‘

During this tour years “U have
ollcrcd 27 courses locustng oit

lat I’tterto thans as a minority
group It) the l .S.

th) I lie tclattott ol I'ttet'to Ricotothc
cartbhean. |.attn American and the
I  and

tc) lltltngttal ctlucation
()nt emphasis ltatc hectt to
t'llL'I'IIIIIIII-Clllllll'lll stttdics to all I ll-
t'.etstty students and ollci ap-
rtopttatc sotnccs and other study
opportunities to tton<ttta|ors.

In Ionr years ourcttrollntcitt hatc
conic It'otn 34 thllcrcnt departments

 

 

land programs with a totttl ol Ill]
students enrolled III ottr courses.
And during four years we Illt\L'
'sttttggletl against the policy ol cuts
and limitation irttposed ttpott tts.

\t tltts moment \\ ltctt \vcarc going
to he retiett attd ctalttated as es-
tahlish by tltc litti\ct'stty regttlations
\\t.'ttl'L'\\t|l'l\lll1.lIII2

l, a reertntment
Spanish surname students

2. new course proposals

1. seeking external lttrtds tortltc
department. and

4. requesting trottt tlte Unnersity

tlte necessary resources (space.
tclcpltone. budget and laeulty litres).

In relatiott to tire review attd
ctalttation ot tlte I’tterto Riean
Studies Department by tlte Utt-
dcrgraduatc I’rograms Review
Committee our position is: tltat no
t'c\ie\v or evaluation can blttme us
lor limitations forced upon us by a
general situation at tlte University.
Attd that we are iii the unique posi-
tion of having done more with less itt
teaching. researclt. publications etc.
in the area ol multicultural studies
and in the best interest of quality
education.

platt loi

 

Companeros y Companeras:

First of all we‘d like totake time to
welcome you to the State Uttiversity
at Albany and to its latirt american
community. In all hopes that you be
successful inthe achievement of your
goals and thus be possessors of same
ol the necessary t'ormal equipment
needed to function effectively and to
understand the society in which we
live. Thus. you‘llbe able to affectour
people back home in the urban areas
at N Y_(‘_ and in Latin America.

Let us begin by assuring you that
this university hits much to offer on
the academic level. lie wise in your
selection it you planto ntakctltc best

 

RES. Dept Cholrperoon

 

Another Nen‘tests I

'Andres I'igtleroa (‘ordero. releas-
cd from I'cderal custody alter 23
years imprisonment Ior his par-
ticipation iii the I954 Nationalist at~
tack on Congress. went ltottte to San
.Ittart ll'ItIlt) ()ctoher Ittlt. attd
promptly announced to a clteerittg
crowd that people denied their right
sltottld "reclaim tlteitt by gunshot."

“I \ery I'uerto Rican has the rigltt
to think ol Itis nationality atul to
light totltccnd against colonialism.“

I‘Igtlcl'olt‘s I'c\ol\ crjamntctl at the
otttset ol Iltc shooting itt tltc (‘on-
gress. As a co-partictpant itt tltc at-
tack. honetcr. he rcceitctl sintilat
sentences to those of his cnntntratls.
I‘lgttct'oa \tas gitcn a 25 to 75 years
sentettcc. but “as Irectl lltnrsday
nhcn I'tt.‘\ltlt:lll ('artcr comtnutcd
his sentence on "Itttntanilarian“
grounds.

I tguctoa. wholtas been gncn only
four to cigltl weeks to Inc. snflers
trotn an inoperable bronchial t tttttor.
He has had three cancer operations
lit the last lite years.

Alter his arrival a physician and
Nelson ('anal. who heads the corti-
tttittcc lot the release ot I’ncrto
Rican political prisoners. read a
prepared statement to Iltc press.
Shortly alter. I-iguct'oa lclt thcplattc
strapped In a l’ttcrto Rican flag.

Canals. itt his statement. described

 

I‘iguet'oa‘s release "as a victory ol'the

l'coplc ol l'uerto Rico. and all the

oppressed peoples of the world.“
by: Luis Rivera

Los Bandidos

"Wlto are those Latin brotltcrs
attd sisters wearing the ‘ Ilaudido'
arid ‘ llattdid-‘r' shirts?“

We ltcat' that qttestion whispered
e\ery time we proudly stride by with
our bright red shirts. a symbol of
our solidarity. We are all on-campus
students who enjoy a total college
experience. Our inlortttal social clttb
spontaneously grew ottt of the desire
ol latinos who did rtot want to take
the expected rottte ol'l'lecing the dor-
minutes for the so—called advantages
oI oil-campus residency. We do not
want to knock those who ntoved off-
campus. but we want everyone to
know that "it‘s happening on-
campus.“ The main objective of our
club is to make on cant/ms residencr
for latinos socially. culturally and
personally rewarding. We are still iii
an embryonic stage lovcto ltavc
suggestions from interested persons.

Interested persons can call us at
457-5267. or can drop by and rap to
us anytime at Indian Quad. Senectt
Hall Room “)4.

——Al. Bandido 44

 

Word of Encouragement

.Il your short stay here. Having said
this we'd like to focus on one impor-
tant aspect ol the university. which-
we believe advantage should be
taken to s‘me extent. We are refer-
ing to the Department of I’uerto
Riean Studies. Unlike a great many
ol schools in the S. U N Y school
system. the university at Albany has
a I’ucno Rican Studies Department
headed by Professor Juan Angel
Silen. We're bringing this to your
attention because we believe it is of
prime importance to a great many of
our students in terms ol'the political.
economic. and cultural knowledge
(concerning I’uerto Rico or the other
Latin American nations) that we can t

gather III the process. this
ktttmlcdgc is at ntuch irttportattce to
its. sittcc it enables its to guin‘a better
tritderstattding ol ourselves. our
situation. attd the role we play in this
society.

'With the dccisiott \\Illt.'ll lead to
tltc elitttinatiort ot the litter-
American (or Latin Atttericatt)
stttdies program. the dcpai'tment oI
I’ucrto Rican Studies remains our
only source ot wisdom itt terms of
our history attd otrr civilization. At

present .Ittan Angel Silcnlalong nith ‘

setcral st ttdettts at his disposal) is ill
the process ol tlcteloptng. tor the
following semester. an expansion
progrant which will \vtden tltc rattgc
ol coteragc of this department. It
“Ill gitc the department a more
general perspectiye irt terms ol Latin
America arid the Caribbean.

We are by no means demattding

tltat everyone linttt themselves to -

I' R S cottr'ses. (in the contrary. all
\te‘ie asking is that you be aware of
IIIL‘II' presence: lltcrclot'c. you catt
take advantage of them in the best

way possible. 'I hesc courses cotttain
inlol'tnation relevant to whole series
ol disciplines antottg which are:
sociology. political science. history
arid anthropology. Ilte old theory
that said. “ I’uerto Ricatt Studies and
Alro American Studies is of no use"
is its vaitt a theory as those who go

arottnd preaching it. Above all. if
your plans are to go back to the
eomtnunity attd Work with your peo-
ple or with arty kind of people living
and sharing the same reality.

We leave it up to your goodjudg-c-
ment. and ottcc again we wish you
good luck and success Ill your
endeavors. A list ol'tbe courses ltave
been provided so that yott cart begin
to think about registering for otte or
ntore ol them.

Letter From Your

Representatives

Hermanos y Hermanas‘.

The Directors of Fuer/a Latina
would like to congratulate the
General Assembly for showing great
interest in the wellbeing of Fuerza
Latina. At the meeting. elections
were held and the following people
were elected to office:

Vivian Castro - Coordinator
Hector DuVaI - Vice Coordinator
Miguel Velasquez - Treasurer
Elizabeth Pena - Secretary
Mildred Velazquez - Secretary
Milagros Rosa - Secretary

We want encourage you tojoin
your forces with the Latin Power.
Much needs to be done and man-
power is greatly needed if we are to
initiate a new stage in the life of the
organization.

Come JOIN US!

Vivian Castro - Coordinator

Hector DuVal - Vice Coordinator

Fuerza Latina Campus Center 353
Ofﬁce Hours:

Monday. Wednesday. Friday II am
to 4 pm

Tuesday. Thursday 2 pm to 5 pm
Telephone 457-545l

   

 
 

It'dltor........... MII. I'()N BAEZ
Asslst. l-Zditor...C.H. ARIS'I‘Y
General Staff:
LUIS RIVERA
SANTA ESI’INAL
SILVES'IER WALLACE
The next issue of La V01 del
'l’ueblo will beon Nov. ll. I977.
Deadline for material to be
published is Nov. 4.

I -ADVETISEMENT—‘

 
     
   
   
     
 

Catalog
I'RS l0]
I’RS I41
I'RS 20f
I’RS 250
I’RS Jill
I’RS 329
I’RS J46
I'RS 3.10-
I'RS 400
I’RS 429
I'RS 450 I
4:30 p I’RS 490
I’RS 497
I’ItS 5l4
Spanish) ('3)
I’RS 550
4:30 p

r -   of Classes
, for Spring '

Cottrse litIe dt Credit
History of l’ttcrto Rico (3)
Survey of PR literature (3)
l’aerto Ricatt Art (3)

Days Time

'I‘TH ll:l0 a s l2225 p"
TTH l2:45 p - 2:00 p

MWF |:I0 p - 2:00 p

I'R l’olitics‘ & l’owcr Structure (J) MWF l2: I0 p - I200 p

I'ueno Rico St the Caribbean
I‘rban I’aeno Ricttn Familylil)
Crisis itt I’uerto Riean Identity (3)
PR Intntigratiott to the 11.5.
Current Latin American Ideas (3)

M 2:l0p-4:30p
MWF I0:l0a - ll:00a
MWF Il:00a- l2:00 p

Tfh 3:45 p - 5:00 p
Arrange

Social Structure ol' the PR Community Tl'b 9:45 a- IIL00 a
Minority Children iii the U.S. School SystemU) W2120p-

Senior Seminar in I’RS (3-6)

Independent Study (3-6)

Arrange
Arrange

Literature ol' the Hispanic Carribbean (conducted in

TTb 2:l0 p - 3:25 p

Minority Children in the U.S. School System(3) W 2:I0p-

Of these courses I’RS 30! ano I’RS 450 are crosslisted with the African
Afro-American Department; I’RS 329 is crosslisted with the Sociology
Department itnd Prs 5 I4 is crosslisted with the Hispanic and Italian Studies

Department.

A major is PRS has great possibilities for obtaining employment in
different governmental agencies (both federal & state) and in private
industry. New York State has the third largest percentage of bispanics in the

United States.

If you feel we can help you in some other way. please do not hesitate to call

OBI“.

 

   
 
  

 
 
 

  

1 HINK9
r )1 Egg H,\,

I

 

 

    

 
 

 

Poemas

 

Tardes solcadtts dc mt tterra
en que el jornalcro agateha
el lomo para llevar

la lonalcza a su reeinto

(Response improvisado por un cura

de la iglcsia dc las Mercedes en una
calle dc la Zona dc Seguridad/
Santo Domingo. I965)

Tardcs solcadas de mi tterra
en la que cl senor se
adormita entrc el despertino

cl cigarro y el buen abartieo

Aqui herm‘anos mios

por obra

de la Fuerza lnteramericatta

de Pa1.(FIP

por obra de los embajadores

sentados

en semicirculo
en Washington (OEA)

por obra

3’ Emc'" Tardes solesdas de tni tterra
donde cl labrador bebe agua

) y cl senor bcbe jarrtbcs
manantialcs

de los gorilas

que se escaparon
del zoologico dc West Point

por la opini

que tiene ojo de vidrio
cayo prisonero

ye fue luego acrihillado
eI companero

on mundial

Juan Pueblo

Eleventos una plegaritt
contra el trio del plonto

y
bendigamos
impuesta

Weekend

November I
la I'AZ
a ttuestro pueblo

como II II‘IUCITOS OITOII

 

Tardes solearbts de mi tierra
Cuando babra una sola tarde'.’

Ernesto Pattialeon
4/ I3/ 77
Madrid. Spain.

Forthcoming
Activities

Puerto Rican

Discovery Day

I- Disco Dinner Dance

November IZ- The Play “La Isla de

Sangre" by J
Dance with "Pete El
Conde"

November l3- El Mttseo Del Ilarrio

iIITICIl

~Carlos I-l. Arisly

(tentative) Page Ilall

 

  

new vonk (AP) Bill Rodgers

wasn't taking any chances; be parked
his car in a garage.

Rodgers‘ caution was the result of
having his car towed while he was
winning last year‘s New York City
Marathon.

Sunday. after making certain his
auto was safe. he went out and
obliterated a record field of 5.000 in
the body-wrenching, 26-mile. 385-
yard race. which attracted a world-
class field for the ﬁrst time in I976.

Rodgers‘ time of 2 hours. It
minutes. 28.2 seconds was nearly 2%
minutes faster than runner-up
Jerome Drayton. the I977 lloston
Marathon winner from Toronto.
and the best in the world this year.

“It was a tough race. a very hard
race." said the exhausted and ex—
hilarated Rodgers. while gttlping
soda and trying to keep warm uttder
a sweater and a poncho.

"I wanted to win really bad. I
wanted to have a fast marathon."

added the slender runner from
Boston. who until recently had
taught children with special

problems and next month will open
a sporting goods store. “lint I was
very nervous before the race. I hadn‘t
slept Well an average of five hours
each of the three previous nights. I
was scared. I was going era/y.“
None of Rodgers‘ concerns was
evident Sunday. He broke well with
the pack despite a tightness in his
legs. stayed among lltc pacesettcrs
through the middle of the race. then
dtteled (larry Bjorklund of the

Chicago Track Clttb for the lead for
about fourorl‘ivc miles. before pull-

 

 

 

 

       

 

 

 

  

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

      

 

NFL Standings ~ * ' ’   ”
r v Wherewls-ﬁrelustiee.
American Football Conference ' r ' ‘ .  - ‘ ’ '  I '
Eastern Division !by [riddle lineman V Y
 ‘ w L T When the Lambert Bowl rankings come out tomorrow, Alb y/
‘1. mlon' 5 I 0 name should appenramongthetopten. Afterall.theirrecordtodlystlndj
Miami 5 l o .333 ‘ ' - r- r' jj
Eagliand : 2 0 .667 ‘ Actually. the team should have been ranked last week. but somehpwt as. ' ,
B “i. l ' 4 0 .333 ofﬁcials who vote on the top football teams tn the Northeast Dtvuton'll
“ “I n I 5 0 J” overlooked the Danes. In last week's rankings. among the-top ten werefou V L
r CWII’a/ DII‘ISIO" . 'teams who have also lost one game this year.- I . ,. ~ 5 a
I III-“burgh 4 2 0 -667 So why was Albany left out? Because they lost to a ranked team. St.
Clcwmnd 4’ 2 0 -667 Lawrence. on opening day. no less. ‘
Hf’u‘f‘m". 3 3 0 -500 But let the officials look at what the team has done sincethat game. They ‘
(tnctnatti 2 4 0 .333 have beaten five teams in convincing fashion. The defense has been like a
WI’-""’" DIVISIU'I brick wall. It’s the best defense the team has ever had. Even bettertbantbe 9-0
Dc'wcr (I II 0 “’00 team of I975. I
Ql‘kllllf‘l 5 I 0 4933 And the offense. even if it has had problems holding on to the ball. has  2
San Diego 3 3 0 .500 risen to the occasion when it has had to. i .3
K' L I 5 0 -I67 If Albany wanted to show the Lambert Bowljudges they deserved to be i l
S “'“Ic . V 5 0 J67 ranked. Saturday was the perfect time. ' i y 
N“"""'I “mm” Conlereme Norwich came into the game ranked sixth in the Lambert Bowl. Andthey * . 
[Ea-luv” DIVIAI'IU’I Itad lost one game this year. I ' 
I‘)“II"‘ ~ 6 “III” The Cadets were the number four team in the country in total offense and ':
5‘- I-ffI'IS 3 3 0 ~50” rushing and had the nation‘s leading rusher and scorer. Milt Williams. . 
NY (“mm 3 J 0 '50” Albany knew the opportttttity was there and they didnYt let it pass by. They 1' if".
WIISIIIIIBIII“ 3 3 0 ~70” upset the Cadets 2l-7 before a packed house at the University ﬁeld. It was a ' 
PM“ 2 4 II ‘333 crowd reminiscent of the days when the Danes were ranked. ii:
I (‘rnlra/ Division In I965. wlten the team went undefeated. they were ranked sixth. And the ‘I.
M'IIIIL‘SIII“ “I I II ~80” year before the team also achieved a number sixth ranking. when they- ‘4'!
Detroit 3 l 0 5”” littished 7-2. ' I,
(II'L‘L‘II BII)’ 2 “I (I .133 lint was Saturday‘s victory really an upset? 
F‘IIICEIEII 2 4 II ~-I33 l‘bc Dane defense had been allowing an average of seven points per game 
IIIIIIII“ II (I 0 “I” in their previous fottr wins and they gave up seven points to a team that had
lye-""7" DII'IIIU" been averaging 30 points a game. The Danes were averaging 20 points a game
AIIIIIIIII 4 2 0 -667 ollensively and they met that average.
In A- 3 2 II v60” They held the Cadets‘ explosive rushing offense to a little more than half
NI‘W OFICIIIIS I 5 (I 167 their gatnc average. In doing so theyshut downWilliams. allowing him only
San Fran l 5 0 767 5| yards. [00 yards less than his game average.
The win was by far the biggest of the season for Albany. The Dartes could
ing away between the l9 and 20-mile year's Olympic (IIIIIIL'S ill Montreal Itave been 0-0 today. httt a simple toss of the coiti beat them. If that St.
marks. and finished 40th. Lawrence game was replayed ttttder the same windy conditions as it was
"The I7 to Iii-null: mark was the After disposing of the surprising played. and Albany had won the coin toss. Albany would definitely be
critical period ol the race for me.“ Bjorklund. running only his second ranked.
CXPIIIIIIL‘II IWIILIL‘I‘S- II “'II3 during marathon. Rodgct‘s.tltel975 Boston When the rankings do come otit. and if for some ridiculous reason
that stretch that lie ltad suffered a Marathon winner. had little cotn- Albany's name doesn‘t appear on tltctop ten. there will be some very angry
pUIIL'd hum string muscle In IiISI petition. Albany players arid eoaeltcs. and rightfully so.
\ ro-nrs SOUND 
. . . . . . 
Bomber . . _ .v
Jackets For ‘asy listening 
on the )ob or :
. ‘ 4
lhe Bomber jacket. a \Jvcckcnd [1‘] ps_ " "
Nylon \ersion ol the World  I1
War classic is liberl'lllcd for  .I 
total warmth. ltt navy and ~ " ‘ "  9.  ‘ it
bei e. 3 Sue BK - 44 ‘ .I
g FM INSTALLEDI 
38o) I I:
l.

 

 

 

 

    
 

as

  

L0— 18

 

Saturday, October 29  If
Hill/9:30 p.m. -~

ALBANY STAT

'mi 7.. Friday, October 28
.- 7:30/9:30 p.m.

$.75 with tax

E CINEMA

  

1.25 wltttout

[inn/rt] hr slur/cu! uttoriruimt

 

 

OCTOBER 25, 1977

 

CONVERTER FREE ‘

h--------------------—-----

---------------------~------'

ALBANY. STUDENT mass

for your present
A M car t'adto

JO-DI’S SOUND .
CENTER ;

()ne Highland Ave. Colonic
4 blocks cast of Valle‘s. across from Wilke‘s
Cleaners

Here's an unbeatable gift idea:

Come to JO-I)l‘s and pick out arty car stereo or CB
ttnit. Pitt as little as It)"; down. before Nov. l, we'll hold it
lor you. and guarantee NO PRICE INCREASE for you
before Christmas. PLUS. we‘ll give you a coupon for
I‘R Eli I INSTALLATION.Yott can pay on it anytitnc you
wish. ,~. a

489-4408 r

 

 

  

. 7. Au.~.!;.<c. x—-

R W": kaF .

- 

 

ABSOLUTELY FREE!

(With this coupon)
Labor on any CB or stereo '
‘purchased front JO-DI‘S
Now through It), Jl.‘ 77

-------Al

PAGE SEVENTEEN . ‘ .

....._m-—.«M—_._ . ss—im‘l- J. "adv-“-

 

