 

 

disinter-

' »  ‘Tivo years of paid full-time work in a Human Services setting and current

enrollment inia related waduate program.
a ‘  ‘ ' or

 . 7 A yeariof graduate studies in a Human Services Program and one year
5' of paid full-time work in a‘Human Services setting.

Skills

(I) Crisis Management
(2) Counseling skills

(3) Demonstrated supervisory and management experience

(4) Leadership ability ,in designing workshops

(5) Demonstrated ability to facilitate work and clinical groups

Interested persons should submit their resume and arrange for an interview

with: ’
Barbara Hoffman
Middle cant:

I02 Schuyler-Dutch

457-7588

They must also submit an application for a graduate assistantship to Henry
Kirchner, Assistant Dean for Student Affairs, Administration l29.

SUN YA is an equal opportunity afﬁrmatiiIe action employer.

TBIIDDLE
 mare

 
     

r

l

 

funded by sludem association

Leon Botstein '
President, Bard College (at age
Anondale-on Hudson

Speaks

Wednesday, May 4th

Campus Center Ballroom

Let’s till the ballroom to hear President Botstein’s
youthful ideas.

on

“Higher booming In Hmerlco Todoy’

Admission Free! Refreshments S

r ~c.“...,......i... »

at' 1:00 pm

Sponsored by Speaker’s Forum and University Faculty

funded by student association

28)

erved

 

 

 

 

 

Torch’77 Yearbook Is Here

Books Go On Sale
Ma 9

. - >

|0:00 am-3:00 pm In The Tunnels
Near The Bookstore
Seniors Only First Day

$2.00 w/ Both 'l'ax Cards
$5.00 w/One 'l‘ax Card
$l0.00 w/ No Tax Cards

Tax Cards still available in the SA
Contact Office

Receipts for Lost Tax Cards available

in the SA Contact Office starting

Tuesday

For Info Call Mark Coleman: 457-

2116

  

Monday

funded by student association

 

THE
FORCED
HTKRRIKGE

All ilillﬁlliliii titer i’Alii’AS‘i'liiAii
Based on it tine-Act by hellﬁre
Directed ii choreographed fry
Randy-Barbara Kaplan
Original Dilute & byries iiy
Bill Bauer
To be periomieil in tile garden ielllnd tie Pill?
Fri. ﬂirty 6
is) a 6:30 pm

lnemdnhaiwulli noveliaiiiei’lll’i

 

lundiyu-suiyt

§un. i‘l‘iay 8
1:3”: 3:30 pm
l’lltiB'i’iliilB‘l’B lli’ iiiill eraser mm new

  
  
  
 

  
  
   

KJ

   
   
  

 

 

9"“

 

 

 

 

 

  

~yeeAu—‘v-‘uu—I -..--._...- ........  .. .....i......i.. . .. ,.,.......

 

 

By STEPHEN ALMASI
The Music Department’s student
concerts, given every few days in
SUNYA‘s Recital Hall, provide an
interesting cross-section of players‘

offered carries that magic admission
price: all programs are free.

Two recent examples illustrate this
diversity. A graduation program April
22nd featured wind instruments, while
this past Thursday Ruth Johnson
performed on the violin, with keyboard
accompaniment.

Maura St. Mary plays a mean ﬂute, as
anyone attending her Graduation Recital
can attest. She and oboeist Catherine
Uerardi fulfilled part of the requirement
for a music degree by performing. if only
other departments could devise as
entertaining a method of giving out
grades.

The concert took place under trying
conditions. Heat, humidity and lack of
ventilation produced a stifling
atmosphere. Programs were pressed into
service as fans. The wonder was that any
music at all would arise from this swelter.

The soloists proved equal to the

A Dull

By GUY FRANKE

l hcstitatc to call Alain Tanner‘s The
Mir/illeol'the Worlds bad film. Although
I found myself quite borcd through most
of the film, with seemingly good rcasons,
it now seems to me that it is asubtlc work
which requires rcpcatcd vicwings in order
to be fully appreciated.

The Mir/(Ila oft/w li’iii'lil. which was
shown this past weekend iii the PAC is
the final presentation in the Prize
international ('iticmzi Serics, tells the
story of a Swiss cnginccr running for a
seat in Parliament and an Italian waitress
with whom he falls in love. Thc two have
iin affair during his campaign illid at first
are totally devoted to catch other. Btit tlic
relationship begins to crumble whcii tlic
man dccidcs they should gct married. l‘lc
insists on making changes in thc waitress‘
life which shc cannot accept. Seeing that
he does not understand licr at all, thc
waitress leaves the city, thus ending their
affair. The script by Mr. Tanner is
intelligent if slow piiccd, with very few
loose ends. lt rcvciils With poignancy thc
tragic situation ti Woman is in when she
discovers the man she loves intcnds to
dominate her life. The acting is first rate.
especially the pcrforniuncc of Olimpia
Carlisi as the waitress.

It is through 'l‘iinner‘s direction that
problems with the film arise.
Throughout the film, Tilllllt‘l' displays a
dogged determination to do nothing with
his camera. Instead of breaking up his
shots so that greater intimacy is created
between the audience and the characters.
Tanner usually keeps his camera iii a
distance and allows shots to run for

 

MAY 3, 1977

calibers. The attractive ’variety of music'

Students Playing in Spring

challenge. First on the evening's slate was
Bach‘s I’artita in A Minor for
unaccompanied flute. Ms. St. Mary
strode bravely to center stage, gathered
her resolve, and plunged into the music.
Her playing gained in confidence
movement by movement, culminating
with the beautiful Sarabande in slow
tempo.

Ms. Uerardi joined with Ms. St. Mary
for the Duo for Flute and Oboe, written
in 1947 by the Argentine composer,
Alberto Uinastera. Although modern in
character. the piece has an emotional
range which allies it with late
Romanticism. The second movement,
entitled Pastorale, is especially nostalgic.
The performers‘ ensemble, which thus far
presented no problems, was strained by
the intricate Fuga concluding the work.
However. no harm was done to the

_irrcvercnt high spirits of the music. The
audience responded with genuine delight.

Althought it might be viewed merely as
a virtuoso piece. Luciano Berio’s I958
“Sequenza” for flute solo evokes definite.
il'mixed,cmotions. Ms. St. Mary brought
us through a spasmodic, flickering
landscape, echoing the technical

‘World ’

Has its Merits

minutes at a time. For instance. one
scquciicc in which the two lovers have
dinner is dcpictcd in asingle shot. It opens
with it long shot ol'the couple and as the
meal progresscs the camera slowly dollies
in for a closer shot oftlie man. That's all.
'l’anncr docs no cut to closer shots for
dctuil of to underscore an emotion, and
this is precisely why the film becomes
boring. Visuiil variety is nccded to keep
it It uudicncc‘s iittcntion. Tanner
disregards this almost totally, and his film
sullcrs for it.

With all thcsc things going against the
film, why do i licstitzttc to call it it had
work? Why, in fact. do l suggest rcpcatcd
Vicwings‘.’ It is because I'tinncr scents to
iiil\c u dcfiiiitc goal in mind With his slow
piiccd direction. A major thcmc of the
film is norinzili/tition. described as a
situation in which two countries or two
pcoplc Iivc in harmony btit do not change
cuch other for thc better. Through out the
film, rclcrcnccs arc iiiiidc to
"normalnation" bctwccii countries in
intcrnttiiontil affairs, and 'l'zinnci' intends
for its to intikc the association between
this and the situation of the Iovcrs, For
this rciison, l'iinner does not want the
iitidiciicc to come too close to his
characters. In this way, we feel the effects
of normalization, whiclt does not allow
meaningful interaction. Because of the
lack of movement, initial contact with the
film proves to be a very tedious
experience. But with a greater
understanding of the situation in the film
beforehand, l have a feeling that The
Mft/tlll‘ o/‘rlic World will reveal in richness '
that is not a first zipprchensible.

involvement of Bach in unexpected ways,
She seemed equally comfortable with
both composers' worlds.

Findlay Cockrell joined Ms. St. Mary
as piano accompanist in the Introduction
and Variations in E Minor on a Theme
(“Ihr Bluemlein alle") from the Song
Cycle “Die Schoene Muellerin“, by Franz
Schubert. Unfortunately, the music
proved to be as overlong as its title. The

fantastically beautiful opening theme .

simply could not support the tedious
succession of variations which followed.
To her credit. Ms. St. Mary‘s
performance kept interest alive.

Ruth Johnson's concert offered more
conservative. yet equally demanding
music. Leclair‘s baroque Sonata in D
Major included the novelty (for us) of a
harpsicord, played brightly by Dorothy
Held.

Beethoven‘s spacious "Spring" sonata,
for violin and piano, had more meat to it.
The extended movements tested Ms.
Johnson and her accompanist, Mary
Reamer. Real excitement came with the
Rondo finale, a thrilling masterpiece of
variation technique.

Although her play in all cases had its

 

Olimpia Cariisi as the italian emigree in Tanner’s "The Middle of the World".

Martin Outrageous

By BRIAN ()ROI.

Steve Martin was hilarious; the crowd
anticipated a funny evening and got their
(folliir-filty‘s worth.

“He‘ll be out in one miiiute,“said Steve
Martin, about Stcvc Martin. as he
coddlcd thc microphone in his left hand.

Martin acted his usual zany self. and
the spcctators loved it. He made fun ofthc
audience when he found out the seats cost
one dollar and fifty cents. “You paid a
dollar—fifty for the show'l", Martin
boomcd from the stage. “l‘ll ha vc to make
sure you get your full money's worth." he
added.

One of the Martin regulars in his act is
placing an arrow with a curved wire on
top of his head. The effect likened to an
arrow being through his cars. A few loyal
l'iinsyumpcd up, when Martin did this, for
they too were wearing arrows. Martin
looked at them. then to the rest of the
crowd and wondered aloud to himself, “I
wonder what they do during the day?“

Steve Martin‘s humor is silly, original,

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

  

  
  
  

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

Maura St. Mary in her Senior Recital

good moments, Ms. Johnson was not in
full command of her instrument. Her
execution of Franck‘s Sonata in A for
Violin and Piano, accompanied by
Beatrice Kossodo, showed both her
strengths and her weaknesses. By and
large, the notes were lovingly played.
exuding warmth and mellowness.
Occasionally, however, the bow slips,
spoiling the effect. She received

enthusiastic neclaim for her boldness in
attacking two works as formidable as the
Beethoven and the Franck. In retrospect
it was a full and satisfying evening of
music.

, you. thank. . .

had -to-havc—been-thcrc type, and funny
as hell. He began the evening by . “really
rolling now"; his term for being into the
act. The audience was mesmerized by his
style, and they clapped along to his
smooth picking banjo which he plays
quite well.
Balloon Animals

The end was near when he walked
under the clock, looked up and said,
“Well, We got to be rambling now.
There's lots of things for an important
person like me to do."

He continued to ramble on for ten
minutes and returned after it five minute
standing ovation. At this _ point he
thanked each member of the audience
individually, including the balcony folks.
(He also did his famous bit with balloon
animals, as well as saying he had to. leave
because he had a test tomorrow.) He
pointed to the spectators one at a time
and said. “Thank-you, Thank-you,

 

thank-you thank-you, thank-you, thank}

PAGE ELEVEN

 

 

.......~__,....-..V.. .-c.a .., . .. . .  . ..

    

         
        
     
    
 
   
  
 
     
 
   
       
    
  
   
   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

