    

 
  

' ., 50 ' .

,1 ,f itoiixonritmrsi: EATING “ -_

' FOR PICK-UP 0R DELIVERY SERVICE

' «so» ’ .

- ailguod/or 50¢ tliicuunt mya purchase 0132.00 or more-
DER

   
  

:7
mt: (aura/were PERSON PER on ,

    
 
  

________,3

 

oasis

233 Western Ave. Rear
across from W.T.’s

 

069-7225

l0% discount to all students!

FOREIGN CAR REPAIR SERVICE

10% off on all service parts
with this ad and any college LD.

____—___..___——_._______._________.i

PLHNTS & PLHNTS V
l529 Canbol ﬁve” Colonic r ,

 

Distinctive House Plants, Cactus, Foliage
Plants, Hanging Plants, Floor Plants.

One/rec plant with purchase of any plant!

 

 

 

SHOP — DOWNTOWN —

HOME OF

 
    
 

16 315085” 51'-
ALBANY

PHONE 434 '3495

 

 

ALBANY

§' FIELD TESTEgl EQUIPMENT -

panacea

 

MORE THAN A STORE

 

 

Troy Mattress
Student Special

 

Twin Size $29.95 each piece
3/4 & Full Size $39.95 each piece

‘- Queen Size $49.95 each piece, sold in sets only

Rebuilt Mattress and Box Spring

 

     
    

869-7225 or
1355 Broadway, Albany
449-77 3

  
 

 

  

1

PAGE TWO

  

1529'Conlral Ave., Colonic

 

'lcanrinuedfrom page one V ' , I j
specifications Were ' made. .by :
SUNYA, such as possible penalties-1::
to CDTA if they do not provide(the3 -
agreed-upon) service. CDTA ' is -
.currently examining these '

  
  
  

 

requirement and another meeting
has yet to be set up. -'

“it is by no means nailed." said
Vcillette. "And no ﬁrm date has been
set up as a deadline to come up-with
something.”

“The negotiations are
continuing," said CDTA Deputy
Director ,Dennis Fitzgerald. “The
progress has' been satisfactory. Both
sides have come to understand each
other‘s side.“

SCRUE Report

continual/from page one

released for discussion. eriticismand
commentary by the SUNYA
community. lfthe SCRUE proposal
is adopted, in either its present or
modiﬁed form. the exact manner of
implementation remains uncertain.
Fields presented a vague outline in
an early memo to the Committee:
‘fOnce the study is completed there
will be a need fora standing body-a
Univeristy committee or a council of
the Senate — which will have
permanent responsibility for
formulating policy for general
education."

Kathy Baron VP

t‘mtlittuetlfrmit page Ulll‘

Dowd said he resigned from his
post as Election Commissioner
because “the election was out of
control. It was a sloppy situation.
The court should have resolved it
back then-- found out who won and
what really happened. They did it the
quick and efficient way by having
another election instead of
investigating the whole affair until
they found the truth ofthe matter."

Baron said that “there was no foul
play on my part.“ As for the final
tally of the votes. whc said. two
people came up with the some final
total independent of each other.
showing in both cases that she had
won. “in my opinion. I won the
election.“ Baron said.

[)owd said that since Aronoff
withdrew his name Irom the
running. liar-on has "assumed the
office by dclault. I would be uneasy
if] was elected Vice President when
the whole election was shaded in
contrmcrsy.“

ltaron said she feels that “the
students are behind me; otherwise
they wouldn‘t have trusted me
enough to vote for me in the first
place."

llaron said that even though she
and David (iold were on opposing
tickets in the elections last Spring.
they work well together and have the
same philosophy of how SA should
be run.

 

 

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

' Tendon ‘between 0.3. and Cuba

HAVANA (AP) ' The United States and Cuba, separated by only 90 miles of
water but.l_6 years of ofﬁcial hotitility, today moved a step ctoserlwrth the
opening of interest sections in each other's capital. lnthc Cuban capital, Lyle
Lane, a 51-year-old career diplomat. is occupying the U.S. ambassadors
ofﬁce. The raising of a Swiss ﬂag outside signified that. at least ofﬁcially.
Switzerland still represents American interests In Fidel Casto's Cuba. l‘n
Washington. Cuban counselor Ramon Sanchex-Parodi opepcd his country 5
special interest ofﬁce, temporarily at the Czech ambassador s residence. Cze.
choslovakia ofﬁcially represents Cuban interests in the United States. The
ofﬁce will be moved to the old Cuban embassy when restoration of the
building is completed. perhaps in a few days. At a brief ceremony, Sanchez
said the ofﬁce opens the way for "ending the anomalous Situation that'for
many years has been impairing the relations between Cuba and the United
States. This. we recognize. will be a complicated process.“ He said full
relations between the two countries will require the elimination of the
economic and trade blockade against Cuba. Representing the United States,
Under Secretary of State Philip Habib said the offices in Washington and
Havana are "not an end but a beginning. With these interest sections we can
speak directly. but we will haVc many things about which to speak and the
dialogue will not always be an easy one. Dozens of diplomats. including
Soviet Amos dor Anatoly Dobrynin and representatives of Eastern bloc
European nations. attended the ceremony in Washington.

Hurricane Anita Plagues Rio Grande Valley
BROWNSVILLE, Tex. (AP) Hurricane Anita pushed in from the Gulf of
Mexico toward the coasts of Texas and northern Mexico yesterday, bringing
with it eight-foot high waves and expected winds of ll5-milcs-per hour. The
season's ﬁrst hurricane swelled tides along the coast from Corpus Christi to
Brownsville as it crawled toward land at about to m.p.h. Anita‘s course
indicated she would hit the coastjust south ofthe Brownsville area in extreme
northeastern Mexico. By early afternoon Anita was poised at latitude 25.6
north and longitude 95.4 west -about I 50 miles east of Brownsville which sits
at latitude 26. The fist squalls began blowing ashore before noon. and flash
ﬂood watches were in effect from Laredo to Corpus Christi. Forecasters said
those Coastal Plain areas could receive morcthan ﬁvcinches ofrain as Anita
moved inland with some sections of the Lower Rio Grande Valley expected
to be flooded by up to 10 inches. Rain and stiff breezes shoved into South
Padre Island on Thursday morning as evacuation of that resort area was
completed. Larry Mooney. chief forecaster forthe National Weather Service
at Corpus Christi. said the steadily increasing Anita was potentially a more
dangerous storm than Hurricane Carla, which killed 12 in Texas in I970.
Brownsville. with a population ofabout 80.000. and Matamoros. Mexico.
are the focal point of the Lower Rio Grande Valley. South of Matamoros.
which has it population of l80,000, the land opens upto sparse settlement and
few buildings for l50 miles of coastline. Citrus and sugar cane growers intlic
valley watched warin as Anita doggedly pursued her course. while beach
resorts were hard hit by Labor Day cancellations.

Moonte Ollie er Indicted on Contempt Charge
l'()l3(lHKEl£l'SlE. N.Y. (Al’) Richard P. Sirney, former director ol
general affairs at the Unification Church's training center in Barrytown. has
been indicted on it criminal contempt charge. Atrthoritics and church
officials sirid yesterday that they believed it was the first criminal indictment
involving an officer of the church in the United States. A Dutchcss County
grand jury indicted Sirncy on a second-degree criminal contempt chargc. a
misdemeanor. for allegedly refusing to obey a court order. Siriicy had been
ordered by Red Hook Town Justice Albert Trcun to produce Christine
Morris. Zl former Dartmouth College cocd who was bcirtg sought by her
parents. who claimed she was brainwashed into becoming ti Moonic, Her
parents reside in Woodbtrry. ('onn. l'rc/Itt had ordered a mental competency
examination for Miss Morris at the request of her parents. Miss Morris Inlct
appeared voluntarily belorc it'C/Jit who then tltrcw out the case.

Italians Riot at Chicago Concert

VERONA. lItll) (AP) A clash between police and demonstrators
protesting high ticket prices outside it rock coticcrt by tile American group
Chicago has tnarrcd hopes for a revival of live concerts in ltnly. l’oltcc
tired tear gas to disperse hundreds of rock and hotiIc—tlirowmg
demonstrators Wednesday night. The concert. attended by H.000 til
Verotttt's |.‘)00-ycaranld Amphitcirtcr. was not disrupted. No one Wits
seriously injured and IQ demonstrators were ttrrcstcd. llut tltc scttfllc lllill'kcti
a setback tor efforts by Chicago. ti Los Angclcs-brrscd group. and ltrilntn
promoters to encourage American singers and groups to come to ltiily. lhc
pcrlol'mtincc had been billed as “The Spirit of Woodstock" and was to Illittk
the return of live American rock to the nation of“bcl canto“ and Neapolitan
love stings. it‘s not that the new music is unpopular. American pop Mttltb‘
rock. soul or country- are regularly tit the top of Italian charts and
constantly played on radio and TV. The problem istliat rock fans 1ch that the
prices ttrc too hiin and leftists think all culture should be free or at least
equally available to rich and poor. Outside the Verona concert. lfW
demonstrators distributed leallets against “the commercial exploitation of
pop music.“ The demonstrators call themselves "antoriduttnri." 0r 59”
discountcrs. They think the cost of tickets to rock concerts-the ('hicnil”
tickets ranged from $2.50 to $6.50-is cxhorbitttnt and unfair. liill (irtiliarn.
manager of rock star Santana. who performed last night. said: "Everybody
should be admitted at the $2.50 price. otherwise you get friction and
dtvtston.“

SEPTEMBER 2, 1977

 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 

 
    
     
   

 

      

 

by Valerie Mollnaro

While the processing of TAP
applications appears to be
proceeding substantially better than
last year. over l00,00 students have
not received their l977-78 award,
according to the Higher Education
Services Corporation.

HESC. which administers the
Tuition Assistance and Regents
Scholarship programs. was unable
to handle the stress of switching to a
new computer processing last year.

The result was a failure to issue
thousands of awards to students
across the state. in many cases,
students were forced to meet their
tuition payments without TAP aid.
Many students took out additional
loans, worked extrajobs, applied for
social assistance and food stamps.
and' in several crises dropped out of
school. Some private institutions
had to take out high interest loansto
compensate for the TAP funds not
received.

The corporation has come under
attack in the last few months, and in
a report issued last month. the State
Senate‘s Task Force on Critical
Problems charged that the
corporation manangement "must
bear the responsibility for the
disaster that caused so much
difficulty for the higher education

  

comm'unity-at-large. and the
students in particular."

HESC has undergone substantial
restructuring during the spring in
hopes of preventing another year of
delays and mishaps. Yet to date,
approximately two-thirds of this
year‘s applications from SUNY
schools have not been processed.

The primary stumbling block in
the processing of the l977-78
applications can be traced to the
keypunching stage of the computer
processing system used by the
corporation.

In a letter to Governor Hugh
Carey.. HESC President Eileen
Dickinson explained that a backlog
was created earlierthis year when the
two outside ﬁrms contracted to do
the keypunching failed to meet
production expectations. The
corporation was forced to select
four additional vendors to boost the
paper flow.

The effects of last year's
organizational and technical
problems are still here, added H ESC
Vice President for Research and
Policy Analysis Michael Cruskie.

“in l976. we were short-funded
and we inherited a new computer
system without experienced staffers
to process the half-million

continued on page eight

 

UPS / SIEVEN KUPFEREERG

According to Presidential Search Committee Executive Secretary
Sorretl Chesin. a ltnal list at candidates won't be ready until spring.

 Premiums. F...  mm

 

22‘. 700

Twenty-one per cent at all
applications received
reached award status by
August 21, 1976.

 

Received

Processed

Actual Awarda

 

up APPLICATION mo’ceasmo

sac-m

 

 

 

Forty-eight per cent ol all
applications received
reached award status by
Auguat 21. 1977.

The increase In the number 01 awards processed by Augaat 21
must be qualltled by the not that CUNY did its own processing.
The tn-house Increase to 25,100 more applications procaaaod,

not 107,700.

 

     
    

  

Thirty-one par cant ot
SUNV and lndapandant
collage applications received
reached award statue by
August 21. 1971.

TAP ataltattea
released by NVS
Higher Education

Sarvleaa Corporation

 

 

Search Committee Sets Deadline

by Matthew Cox

The committee charged with the
task of finding a successor to former
SUNYA President Emmett l5. Fields
has established a Nov. l dcadlinefor
applications for the position.

Accordingto’lixecutivc Secretary
of the Presidential Search
Committee Sorrcll (‘ltcsiii. a finttl
fist of specific. likely candidates
won‘t be narrowed down until early
or mid spring.

Clicsin also said that the
committee will hold opcti.
university-wide meetings with
candidates once the licld narrows
down.

“Search Committee Chairman .I.
Vanderbilt Straub firmly feels that
as we get dowu to our final
candidates. everyone should get the
opportunity to express their
feelings." said Chcsin. Straub. who is
chairman of the University Council.
is on vacation and was not available

English Adds Scholars, New Lab

by Jill lltlber

lltc linglisli Departtiicttt tit
s‘llN YA. which lost its doctoral
program .lnntittry utter a sttilc~widc
CHL‘W protch gtivc if n low i'nting.is
ittcniptingtocnrichitsgrtidutitctind
.mdcrgrndtuitc curriculum with the
iddition of distinguished scholars
itid rt ncu writing lab.

I ttgcnc (inrbct‘. whose work has
been published iii the Mart/ta Fol/tit-
('u/lm-non of Illt‘ [lint Short Stories
or two. has been added to the stuff
.ts a lull prnlcssot to ditcct the new
untinp piogrniii licrc. according to
lohn (ic'lflL'l. Chairman of tltc
Ingliin llcpairtmcrit,

llrc new emphasis Ill writing
includes an inctcrisc Ill lltc titimbcr (ll
st‘t‘lltrtls oi l ugliin ('omposition
(l nglish Itltt). Intermediate Writing
tl tiglisli 200). and ('riticttl Writing
tl nglisli .100). as well its tr Masters of
lnglish program with it
tonccntinlion in writing. A new

focus on literature in ii cultural
context will mean the addition of
new courses.

“I think next year we'll see some
dramatic changes. The picture is
getting brighter." (iul‘l)ct' said.

the writing lab in I'll} lit. directed
by llarbnrn Rot tttido. amounts to
tree indiyiduttli/cd tutoring for
students Willi problems in writing.
Students \t'tll pnrtictprttc It] the
program primarilythrottin I'clcrt'tils
lrom llic lzngltsh faculty.

"lliis is not :i rcnicdittl program
like some ol the commutiily colleges
have. lhis is for people whose
writing is awkward. 'l his is
supplementtit'y." stitd Rotiitido.

llic langlish instructor will
dittgtiosc the student‘s writing
problems and then the student's
work will bctinuly/cd by Rotundo or
by teaching assistants Steve North or
l't'rtnces lioylrtii and writing
exercises Will be assigned.

The reorganizing of the
department will probably lend to it
more structured program lor the
undcrgrndtintc major lll l‘nglislt. A
proposal to insititttc required
courses. pending ttdlllllllhll'itlltL‘
trppt'otril, will profitiny bc
itiiplcinciitcd its early as the spring
semester or next lritl. according to
(icrbcr. linglisli llltljtlt's who began
their studies helorc the new policy
comes tiito cllcct will not hate to
tttllill the new requirements.

llccaittsc til the termination of the
l-ngltsli l’li.|). program by the Board
ol Regents last spring. no new l’h.l).
candidates mil be accepted. lltc
comt tint b) lltc llotird oi Regents
ill. .II it low proportion ol
distinguished scholars is being
t‘cmt lied by the addition of three
new positions. ticrbcr said. in
lldtlilin. to Professor Gurber. llelctt
chttei.‘o, a native of Uruguay. will

continued on page It'll

for comment.

The committee is made up of four
faculty members. four students. and
three members of the University
Council. '

Former President l’ields left
SUN YA over the summerto become
president of Vanderbilt University
in Nashville. Tenn. Vincent
()‘l.ctiry. Dean of tire School of
Criminal Justice. is scrvingtis Acting
President until a permanent
successor is fotrnd.

Currently the search committee is
in the early stages of seeking
applications. according to (‘ltesin

"Once the names begin coming in.
the committee will meet and
review them." said (‘liesitL “The
timeline will vary depending on the
number of candidates we consider."

At its first meeting August 25.
(‘licsin said that the search
committee. iti addition to

establishing the applications
deadline. “came close to agreement"
on the text of it Icttcr describing the
position. due to be sent ottt to
universities.

educational

organizations
foundations.

The committee also “discussed
and adopted“ a set of search
guidelines handed down by the
SUNY Board of Trustees.

Cliesin described the search
guidelines as "broad." and said that
aft cr t heir acceptance. the committee
“got into it long discussion of what
caclt member sees in criteria."

The search committee will make
its recommendation to the
University Council. which can then
present the name to the SUNY
lloard of Trustees and the
Chancellor. The search committee
usually takes ittto its considerations
the expected reactions of those
bodies before making its
recommendation. (‘licsin said.

"it's a dclictite and complex task.
We have to deal with the interests of
such a vtrricty of groups.“ said
(‘licsin

Search committee member Wayne
Wagner described the sifting of
applications as it long. drawn-out.
tedious job. Wagner is one of

continual on page sewn

and private

    

UPS] EVEN IUPFEIIIERG

Engllsh Department Chairman John Gerber said that "The picture la
getting brighter" tor SUNYA‘a English Department.

 

SEPTEMBER 2, 1977

.PAGE THREE

1 t. v 1’»
, t t .r‘,:.“. t‘

    
   
   

    
  
  
     

    
   
      
     
   
  
    
    
    
   
          
       
   
        
       
   
   
    
     

t

       
   
    
   
  
  
   
    
  
  
   
 
 
  
 
  
               
         
       
      
     
      
      
     
      
       
        
         
         
         
         
        
       
      
      
   

      
    
     
  

    
    
    
     

   

        
 

