 

 

 

The Box.

     

This black square is equal to one eighth of this page.

Startingtoday, December 6th, this space can be bought
by any indivrdual or organization afﬁliated withthe State
Ufniversny of New York at Albany for thelow, low price
0

 
           
      

‘ This ad rate is the equivalent of one dollar per column
inch, and applies to any university ad of or below an
eighth of a page only. Above and beyond that size, the
standard 2 dollar per column inch rate a plies.

To make it all simpler, the Advertising e artment of
the ASP would like you to meet The Box. t‘s our new
standard eighth of a page, available to the university at
the price of A powerful and inexpensive way for all
university affiliated parties to get their message across to

        
     
 
      
   
    
          
     
     
     
  

 

  
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
   
 
 
   
 
   
   
 
   
  
 
  
 
 
  

 

INTERESTED IN
BUSINESS RND RCCOUNTING

Applications for the School of Business are now

available in the University College.
(FOR SEPT. ’78 admission)

Deadline date to return applications: Jan. 27,1978

 

 

 

 

 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
 
   
 
 
   
  
  
  
    
   
      
  
 
   
   

the Albany State community.

Turntables, Tape Decks,

 

Bernard Magriii Co. Auctionner
Ralph Passonno Jr.
I94 Broadway
Brooklyn, NY. II2II
2i2-782-4574-5-6

REM. ESTATE TO BE
Conditioned and

 

LOCATED AT: 79 CENTRAL AVE.
Albany, N.Y.

WILL BE SOLD AT PUBLIC AUCTION

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 13 AT ":00 A.M.

Very large quantity of new inventory of: HI-Fl SOUND AND ELECTIONIC
PARTS HOME ENTERTAINMENT and ACCESSORIES

(ORIGINAL BOXES)

BRAND NAMES: latayotte, Panasonic, BSR, Fischer, Dual, Hi-Goin,

Glenburne, Thorens, Eico, Rockwell, Antenna Specialists, Collaro

Ar, Pressage, Electro- Voice, Savoy, Atlas Sound Utah Ji‘l Et
ot the Following: Hi-Fi Speaker, Systems, Receivers, Amplifiers, Tuners,

c.Corisisting

Stereo Music Systems, Car Stereo, C.B‘S£ Walkie

Talkies, Scanners and F.M. Monitors Elect i G

IapekCasesi Caljulators, T. V. antennds and?" c am“, Blank Tapes,
pea ers, rans stors and Semi Conductors, C.B. M it

Antennas, Test Equipment, Batteries, Wire Electronicogodiii,  Ham

ccessories, Intercoms, Raw

OFFERED: Modern Three level Central Air

Heated Bullding- 40’s IOO’ on each level.

 

 

 

By AL BACA

Several years ago, Edgar Winter‘s
White Trash was playing some very
energetic R&B. After an endeavor into
the world of rock and roll with the Edgar
Winter Group, Winter has rounded up
most of the members of his old White
Trash group. and, as evidenced by his
performance at the Palace Theatre last
Wednesday night. he is back playing
Rdtl).

The audience did not know what to
cxpcct when Wintcr came on stage with
White Trash. There were those who
wanted to hear grinding rock and roll,
and there were those wantingto hear him
play the blues. When lie started off the
show with “Open Up“. a cut front his new
It'ctji't'lml album. it was apparent that he
was set to play With. “is seven piece band
heavily relied on brass arrangements to
create their sound. which proved to be
very commercical. Somc of his songs cvcn
vergcd on the border ot'disco. dcfilitig the
Winter name.

lhc band went on to play
"Competition." also from the Rt‘tjt't'lcrl
album. This song was a better rcllcction
oi' the lidgar Winter of old. He played a
rousingalto sax solo and his band showed
themselves to be very tight. .Ict ry LaCroix
took turns with Winter in singing lead
vocals while (icorgc Rccilc pounded out
some excellent drum riffs.

As Winter continued his repertoire of
songs iroin his new album with “ Leftover

( EdgarWinter: WhiteTras

Love," it became apparent that he is
trying to gain a mass iollowingin the top
40 scene. The song featured some decent
horn arrangements, bitt for the most part
it sounded like that computerized
'cionelike beat that is cranked out
continuously in disco halls throughout
the country. If it wasn't for the fact that
Winter still played some incredible
synthesizer and keyboard solos, I
wouldn’t have believed that I was seeing
Wiiitc Trash.

Toward the end of the show, Winter
started to let his band have a little
freedom. I especially enjoyed a guitar solo
by Floyd Radford. It was a pleasant
change of pace limit the bombardment of
horns throughout the concert. I don't
know why Witttcr didn‘t make more use
of Radi'ord when he was writing the
arrangements. lie is a damn good
guitarist and he also served to balance out
the brass soutid generated by the rest of
the band. Robert “California” Arnold
also contributed his share to the cause of
rock and roll with several impressive
brass solos.

It was evident where the priorities of
the audience were when LaCroix asked if
anyone wanted to hear “The Monster".
1 his question generated a greater degree
of applause than any of the songs from
the Reqi't'lctl album. The band proceeded
to play a twenty-five tninutc version of
“ Frankenstein," a song I'romthc rock and
roll days of the Edgar Winter (iroup.

 

  

.1:

Each member of the band was given the
opportunity to play a solo, to the pleasure
of the audience. Winter asserted himself.
providing excellent solos on the sax,
synthesiler and assorted keyboards. The
horn section consisted of Jon Smith on
tenor sax. Marshall Cyr on trumpet, and
LaCroix on tenor sax. George Recile
carried the beat along on drums, and
Radford again provided a solid guitar
solo.

When Winter left the stage, the
audience, still excited from the

f‘Frankcnstein," rendition, applauded {0T

 

Floyd Ram (Iett). while under utilized, hammered out high quality gutter solos
whenever he was given a chance. Edgar Winter (right and above) gave a Palace Theatre
audience a rare evening oi solid Rats. Pictures by AI Dace.

"heading in now, but I‘m trying to do

  
  

 
  

an encore. Winter came back out to play
“Tobacco Road,“ a song written during
the days of the original White Trash
group. It was obvious that he was saving
his best material for last in order to test
out his new material in the beginning of
the concert. He came out once more to do
a second encore, then left the stage.

I was able to speak to Winter for a
while after he rested from the energetic
last few songs of the concert. He
explained to me that this was one ofthe
first concerts of the tour and that he was
trying to see which songs on the new
album the audience liked. When I
brought up the topic of Rick Derringer,
he told me that “when Rick Derringer was
with us we were playing very basic rock
and roll. That‘s thc direction that Rick is

something more sophisticated. Our-new
album is geared more toward popular
Rail), like the old White Trash group."
lom Petty and the I-lcartbreakcrs. a new
wave band. opened the concert with sortie
rowdy. raucaus rock and roll. They
showed the audicticc that punk rock cati
also be heavy metal while thcy played a
series oi'songs from their debut album on
ABC.

thli Tom Petty playing lead guitar
and also singing vocals. the
llcartbrcakcrs. composed of Stan lynch
on drums. liciimont 'l'rcnch on
keyboards, Mike Campbell on bass, and
Ron Blair on guitar. went onto plcascthc
audience with such rockers as "American
Girl.“ “Breakdown,” and “Strangcred in
the Night.“ I particularly enjoyed their
cncorc of “Anything That's Rock and
Roll,“ “ number which spotlighted 'l‘om
I’ctty's' talent on guitar.

 

COLLEGE SKI WEEK
CARNIVAL AT

KILLINGTON
VERMONT

Every week irt ianuary
- Five Day Litt Ticket (Mon-Fri)
‘ Five Nights in Motel
(Sun-Thurs)
0 Ski 50 Runs, 3000' Drop

Winterize Your Car
Before the Long Trip Home for the Holidays

3100 Now Only

15% Discount

All Forgeign Cars

Compact & Intermediate Domestics

 

I Nightly "
' Dance to Live Bands
0 Free Keg I’arty
' Wet T-Shlrl Contest
' Surprise Extras
ONLY $79.50 Quad
or $99.50 Double
Special Drive-to Package
To receive all the details on this
great trip, send thna ad with your
address to United Intercollegiate
Skiers Association, 4040 South
28th 5L, Arlington, Va. 22106.
[70]) 573-3321 (No collect,
please) Subject to o‘tl- tax. Stilt-
Irat‘l $5. and one night for

Jon’s

Radiator & Heater Hoses-Antifreeze
Up to 2 gaL
Oil-Oil Filter-PIugs-Points-Rotor

Condenser-Cap-Timing
Complete Tune-Up

Foreign Car Repair Service

233 Wastetn Ave. (Heat) Across itoni Washington Tavern

before Christmas
Dec. 25, 1977

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

k Ian 2-0. I978.

DECEMBER 8. 1977

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

  

 

 

 

mm‘: .

