 

 

 

 _  I
-—’seeo*'nd Drawer
Fromthe Top '

by Willem Heller

We often look back and think fondly of
days gone by. In our pasts we seek solace from
the harsh realities and banalities of everyday
existence. We seek shelter from an uncertain
future. In our pasts we seek security. The past
is familiar. and familiarity can lead to security.

Each time we go home on vacation from
school we seek out old friends and visit old
haunts. We tell stories of college to friends in
high school so they too can become familiar
with life in the present.

The last time I was home there was a snowy.
rainy day and l was stuck around the house. I
started thinking about my impending
graduation in May. and about my uncertain
future. The grey day and my thoughts got me a
little blue so I thought. what better remedy
than the past. And what better vehicle than a
drawer in the desk in my room. I hadn‘t used
that desk for its intended purpose in who
knows how many years. Like most desks.
however. it holds a lot of stuff in it and on it. I
chose the top left drawer as it held the greatest
assortment of random stuff.

0n the outside of the drawer is acurling and
fading newspaper picture of Nixon and
Agnew. smiling and with upraised arms. A
couple of Chiquita Banana stickers are close
to falling off. . 2

Inside. well it‘s so cluttered I don't know
where to start. I guess I‘ll just do it randomly.
A piece of paper folded in quarters. . .let‘s
see. . .an old report card. The Paul
D. Schreiber High School. Fort
Washington. NY. I972-73. . .my senior year.
Looks like I took some interesting courses.
Film criticism. creative writing. criminal
trials. roaring twenties. Marxist utopia,
simulating diplomacy. legal problems,
advertising design. . .

I see a plastic miniature baseball bat with
the Philadelphia Phillies insignia printed on it.

Here's a thirteen inch ruler with the legend.
“College Point Savings Bank Congratulates
William Heller." I guess they wanted my
business. . .all those loans for college. They

got it. too.

“The FBI Guardian of Civil Rights." That's
what it says on the leaﬂet anyway. A rarely
usedwallet from Lord and Taylor is empty
except for the card from the Golden Buffet in
North Kansas City, Mo. and Winterset, Iowa.
On one side it says, “This is a free ticket. It's
not good for anything it’s just free." Ah. so
much for midwestern humor. I967 vintage.
That‘s when my family packed up in a Pontiac
station wagon and headed west for the
summer. I don‘t know how my parents
managed with four kids. but we all made it.
The biggest problems we faced were fighting
to see who would sit in the middle. or who had
to sleep with whom.

A friend of mine went cross country with
one of those teen tours in l97| and there are a
couple of letters from him in this drawer.
“Dear Billy. How's things? The trip is average.
We are on our way to Yosemite. San
Francisco was the nicest place so far. . ."

"Hello." says the folded leaﬂet that appears
to go with the wallet l never used. “If you're
particular about your personal records. Ralﬁr
Memory Jogger will make life just a bit more
pleasant by keeping personal data organized
and at hand.“

A pair of Ludwig drumsticks, size 2B. are
towards the front of the drawer. I took up
drums in fourth grade and lastedtill ninth.
Ron Swoboda's face peers up from abaseball
card. Did you know that. “Ron's first big
league homer came as a pinch hitter against
the Astros in I965?"

The Citgo “Be a Winner” card is a loser.
Remember when gas stations used to have
games in which you could win great prizes?
Remember when they used to give out glass
tumblers? Now. you can forget it! ‘

There‘s always string in drawers ﬁlled with
random stuff. Mine is no exception. A couple
of keys to long forgotten locks; some old
newspaper clippings. “Greensboro. NC. .Ian
3 (AP) The Carolina Cougars and the
Memphis Pros of the American Basketball
Association announced a six player tradeI

 

 

eFEIFFERr

today. . ." '

“Mrs. Mitchell said her left-handedness
caused her to develop an 'inferiority complex‘
at an early age. She said she had spent a
‘miserable‘ six years at a private school in Pine
Bluff, Ark.. where ‘they tried to break me of
the habit by tying my hand behind my back.”

The official I970 Mets schedule shows that
they opened in Pittsburgh. The admission
ticket for the College Board Admissions'
Testing Program shows that I took the SAT in
test center number 3872 on Nov 04 72 on
Satur. My registration number was 0068200.

There‘s a stack of unused pink identification
cards from high school. They didn't want
tenth and eleventh graders to leave school
during the day and go downtown or anything.
so they issued color coded ID cards. The one
on top says, “Tooteness Kuetch. l6 Gefartms
Rd." We didn't taketheIDidea too seriously.

Lots of addresses in this drawer. Mongolian
delegation to UN. 6 E. 77th Se, UNI-9460;
Citizens for McGovern/ New York. Suite 3”
Roger Smith Hotel, 755-1400; Letters Editor.
Newsday. 550 Stewart Ave. . .

A couple of post cards—“Dear
Senator. . .No amnesty for deserters. . .do
not dishonor the veterans who were brave
enough to fight. or those who were wounded

-.in~battle. Thank you." The post card was

better left unsent. . , .

Old Long Island Railroad schedules dating
back to I968. Greyhound schedules; and of
course. a program from the Broadway
production of Man of LaManeha. Surely
every high school Spanish class in the New
York metropolitan area must have seen the
play. -
A two by three inch folded piece of
construction paper with an eight cent stamp.
addressed to me. opens up to read:
“Congratulations!!! Love. Barbara Dorian.“
Another card reads. “Congratulations!!!
Joyce and Stan Finkelman and family."
Thanks.

“Inspected by No. 15. In case of defect
return this slip with garment.“

 

 

_ censorship:
good or bad?

To the Editor:

The function of a university-wide publica.
tion is to "avoid takingsides.“ By neglectingto
publish a crucial resolution passed at Central

*Council‘s meeting on Nov. 17. the Tower
Tribune is doing the bidding of the ad-
ministration.

The resolution expressed ‘ the Council‘s
collective outrage at the-action ofthc Universi-
ty Community Council (a committee lli the
University Senate) who denied students the
right to attend the afternoon mccting ut Nor.
l7. At this meeting. the issue of security ol«
ficers carrying guns on campus was in he dis-
cussed.

The Tower Tribune routinely puhlislm the
bills and resolutions passed by Central Coun-
cil. We refuse to accept that their iallttt‘e to
print this particular resolution was merely an
oversight. Evidently, the pt. .Iishers ut the
Tower Tribune do not consider the gun issue
important. or are reluctant to publici/c u lor
fear of antagonizing the administration.

The Tower Tribune has fallen prey to ccn-
sorship. Many students read the lunar
Tribune. This type of selective filtering does
not constitute journalism, thus damaging lhis
publication's credibility.

David I. Wupnu.

CoChairperson. Commlllcc on

Health, Safety. and Law. Central Council
Robyn l’crchik.

Central Council Representative.Off-Campus
Jean Stahinsky.

Central Council Representative, Indian Quad

retired
or unemployed?

To the Editor:

This letter is questioning the constitutional
legality of retirement vesting for all thr- untit-
ing people of our nation.

As a teacher-rchahilitation civil surmut lot
NYS for nine years. I now find myscll most
handicapped in the search for L'ltlpltl)tttcttl l

 

 

 

 

L.___J

, MW
sigma).

 

 

 

 

 

’
I
’
' r

g“ If,

 

