 

 

NEWO‘NB)

3.! RD BEFOR! YOU  

l R EPR OD UCE I

 

 

By DAVID SYLVESTER
Beginning in January I978 a new copyright law.
passed by Congress and signed by President Ford last
October. will go into effect. It represents the first
revision of U.S. copyright law since the original law
was passed in I909.

standards." said U.S. Congressman Ned Pattison.
Pattison was on the House Judiciary Committee that
drafted the legislation. “A copyright applies to all the
ways in which people communicate.“ he said. “Since
I909 there has come radio. television, cable television
r and the phonograph. as well as advances in methodsof
reproduction. such as photostating.“

The new law. while expanded to include the
exclusive rights of copyright owners with regard to
cable television. jukeboxes and computers and
information systems. defines what the exclusive rights
of copyright owners are and some ofthe limitations on
exclusive rights. such as the fair use ofa copyrighted
work in a classroom and reproduction ofa copyrighted
work by a library. "

According to a November 15. I976 issue of the
American Library Association‘s Washington
Newsletter the "fair use'doctrine is given statutory
recognition for th? first time.“ in the new law. It goes
on to say that the notion ofa fair use limitation on the
exclusive right of a copyright owner has been, in the
. palst, a creation of the courts. This being because the
old law made no provisions for copying of any kind.

"Generally speaking." according to the Newsletter.
“fair use allows copying of' a limited amount of
material without permission from. or payment to. the
copyright owner. as long as the use of the copy or
copies in not harmful to the rights of the copyright
owner.“ -

When determining under the new law if the use of
copies of a work are an infringement of copyright,
there are four provisions to be considered. They are:
the purpose of using copies, including whether or not
the copies are for commercial gain or nonprofit
educational use, the nature of the copyrighted work.
the size of the portion copied, and the effect of the
copying on the potential market for the work.

 

Editor's Note: The information in this article was taken

from aropy of the law itself; Public Law 94-553. as well
as reports from the House of Representatives. The
reports are No's. 94-1476 and 94-1733.

 

,L

. no: tut

“The law passed in 1909 is outdated by today‘s '

According to a House report the general intention
behind the four provisions for fair use isto “offer some
guidance in determining when the principles of the
doctrine apply." The new law. according to the report,
avoids using exact rules regarding fair use because
there are so many possible situations that can arise.
and “there is no dispositionto freeze the doctrine in the
statute, especially during a period of rapid
technological change.“ The report adds that it is the
courts who must apply fair use on acase by case basis.

In one Congressional report on the new law. specific
guidelines have been set up that state the minimum
standards of educational fair use. The guidelines were
decided on jointly. in March of I976. by the Ad Hoc
Committee of Educational Institutions and
Organizations on Copyright Law Revision,
representing librarians and educators. the Author‘s
League of America, Inc. and the Association of

. American Publishers. Inc.

but more than 500 words. And he may use only one
illustration of any kind per book- or periodical. These
conditions are referred to in the report as the Test of
Brevity. * v ‘

Furthermore. the decision to copy a work must be
the idea of the teacher and his decision must be made
such that there is .no time to receive permission from
the copyright owner. This is known as the 'l‘cst ol
Spontaneity.

There is also a Cumulative Effect Test which the
guidelines establish. The copied material must be used
in only one course in the school, with no more than one
poem, article. story or essay or two excerpts being
copied from the same authc . In addition tltere am he
only up to nine instances of multiple copying in one
term for one course.

Finally, the guidelines go on to say that copying
should not substitute for the purchase of books or
periodicals and should not be repeated with respect to
the same item by the same teacher from term to term.

Associate Professor Richard Httlsey ofthe School nl
Library and Informational Science has taken a pl‘lHllc
interest in the new law. He feels that “the new law is
more lax with regards to classroom use because I!
expressly allows the instructor to make one copy Ior
each student." However. an informed source said that
“because of the Cumulative Effect Test the new law w ill
be highly restrictive."

“The purpose of the report," said Congressman
Pattison, “is to explain the law. It is an agreement as to
what the guidelines should be.“ he said. “and there can
be exceptions simply because they are only guidelines."

“The reason the guidelines are in the report and not
in the law itself.“ said Professor Halsey. “is so that it
there are going to be any changes made in the
guidelines. it can be done in the report. without

 

mun-I'u-l-I
mull-Ill-

‘N

in t§\\\\\\\\.

\

\\‘\1\\ .
~ \\‘\.\\\\\ \
i - \

\
\
Q

t ~\\\\‘\\\\\\

i'\\\

\ \ ‘u- t
\‘ ‘3>.\\)§}- N.

CD.

a \\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\v

 

 

What the guidelines state is that a teacher may make,
for purposes of research or as an aid in teaching a
course. one copy of a chapter ofa book, an article from
a periodical. a short story. poem or essay or a chart',
diagram. drawing or picture from a book or periodical.

There is a different set of guidelines if a teacher
wishes to make multiple copies for classroom use. In
this case he may make no more than one copy for each
student in the class. But there are conditions which
must be met. The teacher may copy a complete poem
excerpt of no more than 250 words. If it is a work of

\ prose he can only copy a complete article of less than
2.5000 words. or an excerpt of less than l,000 words,

‘Authors and publishers are in the same position...


t

I"

The ability of both these groups-to sellitheir works was JeOpardized by the rise of

ti "I l l‘ t_ :' “3%,. 'l"'
l  "ll: llltit 15$ 
l.

If it
A
. stow?) 77

I.
._‘
I.

all  Ll.

=———._
.:.

\; “14-.

l

tutu/unuun’.

I—
ﬁllltll

/ I/llllllllllt\

7111M”;

 

amending the law.“

Congressman Pattison added that. since the
guidelines were decided upon by all interested parties
“it is unlikely there will be any renegotiation of the
guidelines.“

There is also a section of the new law which deals
with the rights of libraries when reproducing
copyrighted materials. According to one House report
on the law a library may reproduce not more than one
copy of a work provided it is done “without any
purpose of direct or indirect commercial advantage.“
The report adds that the library's collections must be
open to the public and all persons doing research and

t

 

the copy must include a notice of copyright.

The notion of indirect commercial advantage is
expanded on in the report to include cases where a
single subscription or copy is used by a library in a
profit making organization to supply it‘s employees
with multiple copies of relevant material or single
copies on a systematic ‘basis “in the sense of
deliberately subétitttting photocopying for a
subscription or purchase.“

Finally, a library may noi. according to the report.
“use interlibrary loan arrangements for obtaining
photocopies in such aggregate quantities as to
substitute for subscriptions or purchases."

‘ periodical within five years prior to the date of the

request it has used photocopying as a substitute for a
subscription. It is also'against the law. when dealing
with such works as poetry and fiction. fora library to
fill requests from another library in any calendar year
for a total of six or more copies of or from any given
Work as long as the work is protected byacopyri‘ght.

“Authors and publishers are in the same position."
said Congressman Ned Pattison, “in that they have the
same concerns. The ability of both these groups to sell
their works wasjeopardized by the rise of rapid copying
at low prices.“

“The idea behind the law." said James Schmidt. “is

 

 



Ltorhny' I H

 

 

There is some question as to whether or not these
conditions will prevent a college library from placing
several copies of a work on reserve for use byaclass.

“The library operates on a system of one copy for
every ten students in a class.“ said C. James Schmidt.
Director of Libraries at the SUNY Albany library.
“For a large class this could mean over ﬁfty copies.
However, he said. “since we make copies of what we
already have in the library and since we already have
subscriptions and original copies our copying would
not bc-substituting for a subscription or purchase."

Another source. who asked to be unnamed and had
some background in the new law. said that “the new
law is specific when it says a library may make no more
than one copy. If the library wants ten copies of an
article on reserve they‘re going to have to have ten
subscriptions to the same journal.“

The law distinguishes between unrelated copying of
the same work and the systematic reproduction of a
work in large quantities. The latter is not permissible
under the new law. This caused controversy.according
to a a House report. over the effect this would have on
interlibrary loans. To remedy this problem the law
added that systematic reproduction. which is what
interlibrary loans are. is permissible unless done so “in
such aggregate quantities as to substitute for a
subscription to or the purchase of a work."

To clarify what is meant by “aggregate quantities“
the House report included a set of guidelines
established by the National Commission on New
Technological Uses of Copyrighted Works. known as
CONTU. The report added that these guidelines were
adopted after consultations withthe parties involved.

What the guidelines state is that ifa library requests
from another library within a calender year a total of
six or more copies ofan article or articles published his

.i»_:.wv:-mwt..............,..w.nnm,.Mammy“.... . .. .

....--......,. am-A-rwWI—v—vun—l

that publishers want compensation ' when .their
material is copied. I think they should be compensated
when copying does in fact hinder sales.“

Mr. Schmidt pointed out that libraries pay a higher
subscription rate. called an institutional rate. for some
journals. “I feel this is an implied license to copy for
which libraries pay a premium.“ he said.

Reaction to the new law by the SUNY Albany
faculty has been neutral. Few professors are informed
on the provisions of the law and many feel there will be
no effect on their ability to teach a course or obtain
copies of material releﬁnt to their courses. Said
Professor Zacek. Chairman of the History
department. “the University will notify the department
heads on the new law with an ofﬁcial statement of
university policy.“ Neither he nor his department are
conducting any research into the law. According to
Professor Astiz. Chairman of the Political Science
department. “the faculty in the department haven't

shown much concern over the new law thus far.“_.While
not familiar with it. he doesn‘t Icel'the law will have a
bad effect. K'hd Professor Halsey said “there is no way
of monitoring how much copying is done. Things will
go on as they are.“ '

Many professors themselves are authors and feel
that any copyright law that gives more protection to
the copyright owner is good.

“Tighter copyright‘laws are good from the author‘s
point of View.“ said Professor Zacek. “Scholarly works
offer small royalty payments and take many years to
complete."

Professor Astir. said “it is good that a copyright is
made more protective. Scholars will receive tbeirjttst
rewards for their work.“ .

“The faculty at smaller schools don‘t do as much
research nor have as much published as the larger
schools do,“ he said. “They rely oti profitssors frotn the
large. prestigious universities to do research. This is
mostly true with academic journals and schblarly
works rather than textbooks." I

Professor Halsey pointed out that “without the
feeling of adequate copyright pr'otection quality
authors will be discouraged from writing and the
quality ol books and scholarly works will decline."

The main reason professors feel the law will have no
el'lect is they feel it is unenforceable. The law does
provide for a system of records to be kept to monitor
the use of copyrighted works. According to James
Schmidt. when a library requests copies from another
library “the requesting library must include a
certificate to the supplying library stating that their
request is in conformity with the guidelines ofthe law."
The law adds that a record of requests must be kept by
each library for a period of three years.

In addition the law relieves a library of liability for
private use of copying machines “provtded that such
equipment displays a notice that the making ofa copy
may be subject to the copyright law.“ At the present it
has not been determined what sucha sign will display.

One informed source. however. noted that “it”

doesn‘t matter what a library or individual can get

away with. since a library can falsify records. But
would they willingly do so having full knowledge ofthe
law?"

Finally, Congressman Pattison stressed that “all
conflicts over the old law were worked out in such a
way that no interested party was opposed. No one was
dissatisfied," he sai , “but there was not so much
dissatisfaction as to cause someone to fight the law.“

 

Books Edition 1961.

Translated from Se questo é um uomo, Copyright © 1958
by Giulio Einaudi editore S.P.A. © 1959 by The Orion Press,
Ina., New York. All rights reserved. No part of this book
may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any
means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying,
regarding or by any information storage and retrieval system,
without permission in writing from the Publisher. First Collier

Fifth Printing 1973

The new copyrlght law provldes tor even more strlngont

standards than thou specltled above.

 

 

 

rapid copying at low prices. ’

J

 

it».

morn 

 

.. 4—;"7‘1 ;;.§v..§‘-;:~ Timings...) ‘

525. ......“ '

m:

 

