  

 
   

 

. \ y
by Dianne M; Helic-
' It is.not uncommon to read in the "lower
Tribune. the SUNY Ne s. or iii an academic
journal about awards given to individuals
alfiliated with univerities who have proveuto
he outstanding'in their respective fields.
Indeed. recepients of liotiors such as Sll NY‘s
“excellence in teaching“ awards can serve as
positive role models for botli other faculty and
lor the student body. A good teacher. then. in
these times ol "publish or perish“ deserves
recognition from the eittire llnitersity
coiiitiiunity and especially from the students.
it ho beiielit lroin tltecmployiitcnt oflliis iicar-
estinet species.

Similarly.just as accomplished teachers are
lew and tar between. so are women who have
been allowed to acliietc within the tliiversity.
It becomes tedious to hate torepctitcdly pitiitt
to women's interior slattis here in terms of
\\ age let cls. tenure. opportunity for
adtaitccittent. and so on. Moreoter. as
students. women are in a most preeariotts
situation: they cati enjoy the luxury of
receiting relatitcly equal treatiiieitt as
students (in terms at access to cotirses.
adiitissioiis. academic standards. etc.) but they
ate giteita clear tiicssagc that perltapsall is not
st‘ Just in tlte"realworld"ol'jobsand salaries.

Whether reward systems are based on merit
oi seniority scents to matter little in terms of
the proper reeogtiition ot women‘s
achictciiients. for example. a woman will
tistially reccite a smaller paycheck tliait her
male counterpart with relatitely equal
"qttalilieatioiis." Additionally. civil sertice
sy stems wltieli are based on seniority aitd job
classifications ttsllttll) pay more to those
citiployed iii typically male categorieslstich as
minors and bttstli‘ttersHhau those itt typically
‘cinale ones lsucli as cleaners and
~.ienogiapheis).

Ihesc c.\aiitp|es oI
opportunities are otin one indication that the

employment

merely \\t.' lite in is one which. to restate a
cliche. iiitdet'cstiitiates the potential potter ol
ttoitien tiltile oteriatiiig male ability. ()ne
Iemiuist iccciitly rematked that .Iimmy
(.ittei. tiiidei :t pretense til altiimatttetictiou.
tilled his \khite lloiisc stall entirely with
'oteiqualilied ttotiieii and ptiiiiiisiiig young
tiicii."

lll lltls kind ol socio-ecoiiomic lraiiiettork
\tllltll iletalues lentale accotuplisliment. it is
not siiipiistng that oltcti tallaeioiis
assumptions are made about woitteii's
cltatactei aiid nature. Such triiisins as "man
iloes: women is." "Ilut can she type?" and
"there are iio ‘gieat‘ \tomcii artists" tellch a
Iti_\l'tittl ot se\tsi stereotypes.

lhe motcment to eliminate these
slcicotypcs aitd to build a norld which values
equally the potential ol all its people seeks to
do a \iItIL'l_\ of things on seteral |e\cls. Soitie
ellorst hate seen some success; otheis hate
not. Perhaps one ol the greatest successes ol
lciitiiitsiii iii terms ol promoting the lit“

ff

OttbeMonth


development of women‘s diverse tibilities has

been its stress on female solidarity iind

supportivencss as indicated by the familiar
words “sisterhood is powerful."

‘l‘herc clearly must be proper recognition
and support of women by women. We cart. for
example. tiike pride iii the courage and
conviction of Mairhcad (‘orrigan and lletty
Williams. the recent recipiaitts of the Nobel
Peace l’ri/e. iii their leadership of the largest
peace motement (comprised primarin til
women) in Northern Ireland.

Therefore. in a spirit of sisterhood and
mutual support ol all university \viiineii.
Feminist Alliance is resuming its “Woman of
the Month“ program this seitiester. “Woman
ofthc Month" is a program lioitoring women
who have signifieaiiily enriched tlte lites of
other women within the Uliitct'sil). We
recognize that women as students iiiiisi be able
to find support and encouragement in the
Ioi'tii ol role models protided by \\t)lt‘ .‘lt iii the
lliitersity community. Women tiai liate
scrted other women. especially while
thcmsclt‘cs struggling against both internal
and external barriers to achicteinent. deserve
itot oiily our isolated and personal
appreciation. but they deserve oitr collective
recognition atid pride as well. lit designating
Acting AlIirmattte Action (IlliL‘L‘l (iloi'ia
|)eSolc as "Woman of the Month" last April.
iiiii\ersity \voiiicii pitblicly recogiti/cd and
supported the itiissioii ot the Aflirniatite
Aetioit progratii here. in addition to their
support ol Ms. lteSolc‘s unrelenting pcisoiial
eoiitiiiitttiiciit to ttometi mid women students
in particular.

At this ttiitc. tlteit. all members ol the
linocrsity comtiiuiiit) are encouraged to
siibitiit tioiiuitatioiis to l-cminist Alliaitce
itanipus Center No) tor "Woman ol the
Month." Since women sertc tvotiien iii all
sectors ol the University. atid since l'eminist
Alliance is seeking a broad raitge ol
candidates. a “Woman ol the Month" may he
ait tiiidergradtiatc or graduate student. service
employee tcttil service. lood service.
itiaintcnanee). laculiy member ot
atliiiiiiisirator. Nominations should include:

ttaiiie and occupation of the candidate

liiiel dcsci tption ol her accomplishinciits

sei'tice to lluitersiiy tromcn

possible sct'tice to community \\tIlltt.'tt

names ol rnditiduals supporting her
candidacy

llegiititiiig III Notcnihei a “Woman ol the
Mouth" trill be selected by l‘UllltltlSl Alltauee
trout aiitoiig the names submitted atid
honored at a monthly reception oti campus.
open to all members ol tlte llniteistty
comitiunity

Admittedly. the “Woman in the Mouth"
program is oiin a beginning. llitt. it he can
begin to dctelop aitd sustain strength tit attd
\\tllt each other. then. in the ttoidsol Susan ll.
Anthony:

"l ailuie is tiitpossrble.“

 

boycott
quick

As a matter of conscience I would like to
expose the murderous business practices of
the Nestle Company. The victims are infants
in Third World Nations who are dying of
malnutrition and dehydration. They are dying
because their mothers have been
propagandized into using artiﬁcial formula
instead of breast feeding. The mothers
unknowingly misuse these products due to
poor conditions in developing nations and
neglect on the part of the Nestle Company.

to safely use the formula it is necessary to
have a clean water supply. however the water
iii itiost developing nations is contantinatcd
and hazardous to health. It is also necessary to
know hotv to prepare the formula. yet the in-
structions are often not printed in the
language of the people to whom it is sold. The
formula is also relatively expensive and many
low-income families try to stretch the formulii
by adding ntore water which lowers the
nutritional valttc of the product.

lhe Nestle Company. the major marketing
lirin ol the formula. has turtied to the l'hird
World with its increasing population as it
potential new market due to the declining
birth rates in industrial nations. They have
launched massive campaigns which imply that
the use ol the bottle formula is more modern
and beneficial to the child's health. The
campaigns include giving free samples by
promoters who are dressed in official looking
white uniforms thus giviitgit the impression of
medical endorsement.

As a reaction to these inhumane ititd
exploitative practices. I urge you to boycott
Nestle products. lliese include: 'l'iister's
Choice. Ncsctite. Quik. Nesteii. Deer Park
Spring Water. and .lurlsbcrg cheeses.

lilleii lloesenberg

squire
rip-oil

lo the l'.t|ltor:

.’\|lL‘l the publication of setcral watered-
tltl\\ll articles concerning tlte problems at the
t ountt‘y Squiie Motel l leel compelled to
write ol itiyespci'icnccstlierc. l'orfotir weeks
I h\ ed it itiiles away from campus desperately
relying on the ridiculously inadequate van
sersice to get biick andtort h from this licabiig
motel. Simply piit. it was impossible for meto
attend to my stiidtes or use the library as often
as necessary. My rootii at the Country Squire
had tto phone. a broken toilet. no dresser. and
rtii heart. So I ttiovcd on catitpus as fast as I
could. llut problems with the Country Squire
die out ovct‘ yet.

Since I paid the motel owner the semester‘s-
rent in full. plus it damage deposit. I stand to
lose between $200 and $300. Although I am
entitledto a refund the motel owner hits shown
no sign of ever making any decliningto answer
my inquiries about this for the last two Weeks.
t have further learned that tiny refund cheeks
written on the Country Squire are likely to
bounce anyway as this has ltappeited to
another student.

I can not even begin totell you howsick this
whole mess has made me.

Nitrite withheld

care
costs

to the Editor:

Dr. llood ltiis siiitl iii hei' li'equent letters to
the editor that lter doctors are capable oi
handling 95 per cent of all gynecological crises

My own experience has proven to ittc that
this is not so. I itird iiitemergeitey and needed
to see it gynecologist, Naturally. the first thing
l did was en" the stttdeiit lieiiltlt center. Attet
explaining to them several times. in seteiat
different ways. that l absolutely did not nant
the contraception cliitic (which I atii lattiiltar
witlt). they connected me with a nurse. Sltc. it]
turn. reprimanded me for not coming in
sooner and told me Ill no uncertain ternts to
drive immediately to the health center. \\ hich I
did. Once tltere. l ltad iio examination. All I lie
lieiiltli center was capable ofdoiitg was to refer
me to it private gynecologist iit downtown
Albany.

l wctit to see the gynecologist and l ant line
I also ltave 42 less dollars iii my checking
account now then i did before.

Name withheld

patrol
credit

To the Editor:

I his letter was given to me by a member of
the University Police Department and I would
like to direct it to the attention of the
University Community.

Nancy R. .loscpli
Supervisor. Student Escort l’iriiol

llllS note is to advise you of a series ol
incidents which occurcd during the Spring
I977 Semester m which the Sttidcrit l’attol
was primarily responsible lor the
apprehension and (irand .Itiry iridicttiieiit of .r
l‘orgci‘y suspect.

During the late evening hours. the Patrol
team oii Colonial Quad obsertcd an
individual on tltc Quad whose behavior was
questionable. the Student Patrol contacted
University Police and the subject was found.
identtlied. and a determination was madcihat
lie was riot a student. lltc subject was iidtiscd
to leave the campus of suffer the alternative ot
aii arrest lor loitering. Alter a period ol tiiiic
had elapsed. the Student l’ati'ol on Dutch
Quad reported another strange acting

 

 

 

 

 

 

r-—-"‘—""

SAY LEVY. THlSl
SAMPLE lS GREATJ

 

N

IT COMBINES ORGANIC
AND tNORGANlC MATTER
IN A WAY THAT I'VE

NEVER SEEN BEFORE!)

 

 

 

  
 
 
      

I DON'T KNOW!
WE HAD IT
FOR LUNCH
YESTERDAY!

 

 

 

 

 

 

’///////////////

 

 

f//////////////////

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

t

 

 

 

viewpint  letters . comment  

individual and when' University Police
responded. lie was found to be the same
person who Wits advised at Colonial Quad.
the subject Wits arrested and found in his
possession Were 25 student ll) cards.

Approximately one month later. UAS
Check Cashing discoverd a series of forged
checks which they had cashed ititd took tl loss
between $400 and $500. No of the names
used were listed among those iii the group of
stolett ID cards found on the above subject.
An investigation resulted in the apprehension
til the subject. it (irand .lury indictment. and
tin eiid to his activities. it vnltie which cannot
be estimated. He is currently awaiting trial in
Alhtiny County Court.

It: not for the efforts atid concern of the
Student l’iitrol members. this case would
never have been solved and hundreds of more
dollars could litivc been lost. This is only one
oI many situations where the Student ’atrol
has provided a valuable service to the
community.

Investigator (iary O‘Connor

more
smith

'lo the Editor:

As students in RCO 238 (Rhetoric (if the
Mass Media). we were pretty surprised by
Anna Nardellit-Schirtilli‘s article about otir
instructor. ‘l'ed Smith. This piece of
irresponsible journalism gave the impression
that there is a tyrannical. close-minded maniac
loose in LC 3. who terrifics students and sends
them running to their advisors to drop the
course. Nothing could be ftirtlier front the
truth. ,

for those students who read the article and
then decided not to sign up for any of Smith‘s
courses.’ let us set the record straight. Smith
has a good rapport with his students. and
makes the course entertaining and enjoyable.
He is always willing to talk to students after
class or during office hours. This would hardly
be typical of the mandescribed intliis article.

furthermore. every classmate we spoke to
lutind nothingobjectionable about the course:
iii fact. they all were getting a lot otit of it. So
we would really like to know tthcre all the
students are that the author mentions. who
close their notebooks wlicne\er Smith says
something they don‘t agree with.

the author's main complaint was Smith‘s
brutal (in her eyes) attack on the media. lliis
cart only lend its to believe that Ms. Nurdella-
Schiralli completely inisuitderstands Smith's
purpose in examining media bias. As he
csplaincd in a recent class. his aim is riot to
turn everyone against the mass media. but to
create. in his words. it “healthy. rational
skepticism“ that will help one to be a rtiorc
perceptive media consumer. lf Ms. Nardella-
Schiralli has not acquired this trait. she has a
lorig way to go as an RCO major.

David (ioldman
.lim l'ox

neutron
bombs

lo the Editor:

I would like to make a few comments on
Allan Rauch's column on the Neutron llomb
Ill (let. 7tli's .‘lSI’. first. I would likctoclaiily
the isstie.

lhe immediate intended use of the neutron
bomb is to deploy it in Western l-‘tii'ope in
olderto strengthen NA l ()‘s defenses against a
possible invasion by the Soviet Union.
l'tcseittly. NAl() aitd the USSR retain a
rough nuclear parity lll lztiropc. however the
USSR has a large advantage in contential
military lorces. What is needed is to niiitimi/e
the likelihood that the Rtissiatis trill attack
Western Europe and. in tlie ctcnt that they do
attack. to prevent a snowbtilltng effect that

. could lead to a nuclear war. Proponents claittt

the neutron bomb will act as a deterrent and so
will decrease the chance ol a lull settle nuclear
\\at'. I disagree.

4*

The US. and NATO have stated they would W

use tactical nuclear weapons if NATO‘s
conventional forces could not hold the line.
There would be. however. it gretit reluctanceto
use these highly destructive bombs on “home”
territory. This “great reluctance“ does not
exist withrthc neutron bomb as it would not
destroy much territory. Hence. the deterrent
against the Russians using their advantage in
conventional forces to ltitiiicli an invasion of
Western Europe is increased.

Mr. Rauch sees this “flexibility” as
ftivorable. I don‘t.

What Would happett if we attacked Soviet
troops with a neutron bomb'! How would they
reply? No one knows for sure. We can‘t
asstimc. however. that just because we will use
this weapon for tactictil purposes on a liitiitcd
basis that the reply would be on a limited basis
as well. As Ranch states: the iieittron boiiib“is
a nuclear warhead“ and its use may well
provoke a full settle nuclear war. Aitd due to its
"flexibility" the chances ol it being ttscd are
greater tlieiitliiit of t be present tactical iuiclear
weapons.

i believe the netttroit hoiiib will increase the
possibility of nuclear war. ()ur objectites
should be to slow dotvii the arms race and to
try to decrease the cliaitce that nuclear
weapons wtll ever he ttscd again. lhc neutron
bomb would itiipede progress toward this
goal.

the ltict that there are 7000 NA It) tactical
nukes in Europe that may be used against a
notinuclcar invading force should scare you.
'I be possible consequences oftlieir use should
scare you even more.

A deterrent is needed. however it should be
a nonituclcar one lot' delciise against it
nonriuclear loi‘ee. Preferably. the USSR may
be persuaded to decrease their conventional
military in huropc‘. if not. NA'I'O should
increase theirs until. eventually. a stable peace
cart he lound. 'l he iictitroii bomb adds to the
problem. rather tlteit helping to solve it.

Robert (irahani

jean
day

To the l‘lditor:

lhe SlihtA (lay
orgam/aiion \those ltiitctions are both social
mid educational. Since its conception. the (lay
Alhancc has protided a meeting place for gay
people to sociali/c atid disctiss a variety of
topics which concern the gay person and
society in general. lltis orgaiii/ution has also
prepared a wide selection of cultural and
educational events. Socially. the Alliance
orgam/es annual dances. parties. arid trips.
liducattonally. tltc group mtitcs speakers.
reitts lilriis. and arranges conferences and
workshops on consciousness raising.

The purpose of the ad in the ASP was a
conscrousness raising effort. to point out that
there are gays on this campus and also to allow

Alliance is an

non-gays "caught" in jeans. to feel what our
opprcsioti is like.

Society has a|\\ays rel used to accept the gay
pcrsoit as a part ol the mainstream. this
t'chL'lltIt‘t cart and ltas had detrimental affects
on the tndit tdiiul gay person‘s sell-image. | his
kiiid ol espci'tcnce hows the gay person to
mote about in secrecy. it produces self-hatred

and tlitts scll l'CJL‘L'llttll.
lhose of you who is ore bluejeans on l’riday
may liatc experienced in one day what most
gays experience iii tltc course of a lifetime.
Sl‘tNYA (jay Alliance

 
 
    
 
   
  
   
 

“11‘ Albany Sim/en! I’ri'st |t'('lt'tllllt‘.\
ll‘llt'f'\ l(I l/lt‘ mlilor. I‘Icroc iii/unit letters
ri/ieiirittrn (tlotiIt/e-s/niti'il) to Editorial
l‘ugis ILt/iIuI'. ( ( 139, I400 lltrs-Iringtun
.‘ll't‘n Allin/tr. N l' [2222. [he ASP
l't'tt'l'l'i‘t I/tt' .t'oli' rig/it to print or edit
li'llt'l'.\ Itl Illt‘ i-iliior.

 

 

 

Water, Water Everywhere . . .

It‘s three o'clock in the morning on a cool night in late October.
Leaves are swirling about the quads, the wind is howling through the.

pillars and the fountains are roaring through the night. >

Why? Well.

if they were turned off for the evening and the‘
temperature happened to dip below 30 degrees or so, the Water would
freele, the pipes Would burst, and the plant department would be hard

pressed to have them going again before the I980 Olympics.

Then why are they on this late inthe year? Why, Parents‘ Weekend, of
course; Community University Day. What better way to impress the
hordes of Moms and Dads than with a thundering cascade of wet st uff,

in clear defiance of mother nature herself?

Not that it‘s a bad idea. SU NYA‘s campus is improved a thousandfold
by the fountains. And the annual pre-C—U Day coat of paint certainly

doesn‘t htirt. either.

It would be nice. though. to see the same amount of concern for
aesthetics iii the name of those who live. work and suffer here. So why
not leave the fountains on forjust a week or so after the folks are gone? If
nothing else. the psychological effect of all that cool, cleansing water on
the collective mental health of the student body w

But Pigeons Hit The Drink

When the Plant Department drains the fountains next week. one
uiiWelcomc surprise will be the decaying pigeons that have come to rest

beneath the murky waters.

Within the last few weeks. the university community has stood by and
watched the systematic elimination of the feathered inhabitants of the
podium. It is a rare day indeed when one can walk past the PAC and not
see a pigeon huddled near a wall, obviously in pain, close to death.

One student recently described a sick pigeon being ripped apart by a
stray dog. too weak to escape the viciousjaws of destruction. Others
relate how pigeons. so sick they can hardly stand. attempt to ﬂy and fall

into the fountains to drown.

The source of the pigeon's demise is no secret.
for them by cxtcrminators hired bythe Plant Department. Accordingtrt
Plant Director Frank Kopf. the poisoned corni
the birds sick. “kind of drunk." sothey will some

with a hangover and leave.

The plan has been a dismal failure. While one can understand the
Plant Department‘s desire to find a solution for the pigeon droppings
problem by the library and the PAC. the broken carcasses of dead

pigeons can hardly be looked upon as an improvement.

ill be tremendous.

Poison corn is set out

5 only supposed to mak.
how equate SU N YA

 

Nittsimtoii.... . . 
[\SMNIAII h|\\\ll)lltiﬂb. 

Assot i.\it sroitts ioi torts . . . . . . . . ..
I~.iiiioiu.\i I'Atd tiiiioit . . . . . . . . . . ..
Antiaiisiist. si/irsittaii

SAL» riasorsMi ..... . .

Mir/1 nrni'ri. Christine llellini.
ls'eu Klll’ll. M.J. Memmott.
Valerie Moliiiaro. Mike l’eailiuau.
r\ron Smith

ll‘ llunuuers: Stuait Staii. l.l|eii
Marsdcn

l‘ii'itirn. Helene laiittoi

/tll/Ifl(- l.tiuric (ilaser

Iutorn: Kelly Ktta

lit/ling. Debby Yelin

I'uiroll manager.- ltllen lane

(lino/inn: Davtd l’hillips

Ht’tlt/ ii/nii. .Iody thner

Sit-oats ittiiiitt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..

'I‘lte Allin/tr .S'Iudi-nl Pfl'dd it published every

    
  

ALBANY,
STUDEN l’
PRESS

Si'th RA(.t.io It'iliIor-in-(‘hii'l'
.loNAtii/its [looms Managing lizlilur
“AI ittt 'l‘iioiiMAts Illlailltﬂt.) Manager

JIANNI .lAv I'I'rtt/tlt'llttll Manager

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. IIIt)M\S Mr\ltll>tlll
, . . . . . . . . . ..MA|"llll-\\’ Cox. .llt.l. llstiiiit.
ANIIA llNll-RWL. ,

 

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Enoii t-suzttMts

......./\sr)v hit 'tosi. th'll Si i itisos
.. . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..lti\|\|\\llll
Hltlts Csiitrt

... Mist AHIMN. Kit-nit. Mi ltMttl.SlH\

(uni/notion. l’at Mc(i|yiiii. .r\m,\
Souls

lloi'gtu': Sandy Robinson

l'tmliatton: Dalua Hen-Amath.
Irene l‘llmlll. lzvan l‘tll'llllsk).
Kitten Hamilton. Dave Kaplow.
Debbie Kopl. Lynn |.uuler.
Laurie l.csko. Jelt l.cvrtaii.
Loraine l.tberatorc. Denise
Mason. Steve Mauer. Amy
l'hillips. Kathy Qiiealy. Meg
Roland. .ludy Russell. Steph-
anie Sherman. Joan Silverblatt.
Stepliunic Starer. Laurie Stiidwell

EST/l BLISII 11'!) I916

Tuesday and Friday during the .relmol year hr l/lr
Allie/tr Slur/cm I’resi ('or/mruliun, an iiitleprndi'ni notifor-pmjil organization. [Editorial
policy is determined by t/ic lirliIor-iIi-(‘hiij aan is subject to review by the Matthew] Stuff.
Mailing Ut/(IM‘M': A/ltuni' Stuili'lil I’rcsr, CC 129. I400 Washing/int Am. Albany. NY [323']

 

 

 

Aleay STUdENT pness CORPORATlON

llOAltD or DIRECTORS
STEPHEN DZINANKA I SI’ENCE RAGGIO I DANIEL Gsiuro

 

 

 

(

 

a.

 

.. - .. are”-.. a ...

. «J... ,

if!
‘t
’1
:i
1‘
‘i
L.
. .
a. .
t t
t 
i [h
.l
If g
i; "it

 

