     
     

5
l
l
l

.r ‘SM;~v~.»~.—~

an“

 

‘lrbeli

requires“. is meantime corn tinny. on the

ppose‘l‘theinippsitlon-i'of. new undergradudte
igq‘uinmenuitthi rtt‘e.foraeveralreasons.

hat there last  opposition to such

 

    

educationalaxvﬂtte of ‘ﬂ'ea'terf rigidity in the

currl blunt itlunee‘rtain; that newreatridjions on
students: freedom; might nrake .this campus less

Tatt'riactivc tospot'cntial applicants. and that new

requirements rnay'entail difficult pradieal problems
(cg. additional burdens on academic advisors and
complications involving transfer students).

. I also oppose any attempt to compel departments

or colleges to institute new courses. or to classify
existing courses in terms of new concepts ‘or
distinctions. _
. ' I believethat much can be done to improve the
undergraduat experience. through development of
various new techniques and options. but not
through compulsion.

I disagree with the report in one other respect
also. I do not agree that advisement of students
should be strongly emphasized. There is a crisis in
advisement in some departments which are heavily
loaded with. advisees. I believe that decisive steps
should‘bc taken to deal with this problem. Such
steps might well involvctIe-emphasis on advisement
or even elimination of the advisement process
ttltogether.

APPENDIX V: EXAMPLES OF UNIVERSITY
COURSES

The Evolution Of Modern Science

A year-long course designed to trace, in some
detail. the development of scientiﬁc ideas and
techniqtres concerning the basic elements and
processes of inorganic and organic nature from
about Itfllllto the present. Some topics studied will
re: (I) The development of instruments and the
undamentally important role played by simple
observations and measurements. (2) The conﬂict of
philosophies and the lunetion of a particular cast of
thought in l’trcussing attention of certain aspects of
reality or the expense of others.(3) The growth and
interaction ol scientiﬁc ideas. in particularconccpts
such as that of the atom and the nature of matter. of

g . the ' vet, .culture.'and their  s; From .,
'Mi andN in'anto Dewey and=Htttehim.

 
  
 
 

ynarnl ‘ ‘

Thermodynamics is the study of heat and work
and the conversion of energy front one of these
forms to the other. It is a science that is quite
abstract. yet of such fundamental and practical
importance that an understanding is essential to the
physicist. chemist. engineer. biologist. and geologist
—— thermodynamics is a cornerstone for all science.

This course will emphasile the development of
concepts such as temperature. energy. work. and
order-disorder (entropy) with an attention to

.g..rr...nlm. .‘.
concepts will be examined in contexts ranging from
relatively fast biological processes to the slow but
inexorable geological processes to the pragmatic
elements of energy management in our present and
future society.

Aspects Of Mathematics

The aims of this course are to exhibit some
examples of mathematical reasoning. to show some
applications. and to present mathematics as the
study of structure. Typical topics might be orders of

e. a 1
statistics. the ides of a mathematical model.
perspective and projective geometry. Euler's
theorem on polyhedrs. the axiomatic method
(Euclid and Hilbert). and symmetry.

Technical Language. Neologism And Jargon In The
Humanities And Sciences

Under whirl conditions does expository writing
turn “technical‘”! What is gained (in precision. in
explanatory power) by departing from “ordinary
language‘".l What is ordinttry language? These are
some oftlre questions that might be taken up in a
course taught jointly by a philosopher. a scientist
(socitil or asocinl). and it literary critic. Some time
might be spent on a philosopher notorious for his
special vocabulary (c.g. Kant or Pierce): another
unit night contrast the sociological writing of
someone like ’l'alcott Parsons with those of a more
anecdotal sociologist like Goffmun. The aim ofthe
course would be to draw studenls' attention to the
ways in which writing is something other that the
transparent. mure-or-less competently handled
medium for “thought” or "argument." Readings
would be limited; a good deal of' writinglin a variety
of styles) would be required.

  

Man And The Managers ‘
‘ 'A course by an institutional economist or by an
economist and a political scientist on the politlal
significance of changes in the 20th Century
industrial economy. What is “post” about the post-
industrial society! Stress would be not I on
macroeconomic phenomena but on social. political.
and industrial organization with in the modern
economy. Depending upon the interests of the
instructors, the course could be conducted entirely
on the United States or on a comparative basis.

The Concept of Intelligence

This course might cover intelligence from the
' r ' " "- ' ' ‘psychology(tests)and
developmental psychology (especially Piegetian
theory). together with a review of the history and
politica of the hereditary question. Other possible
topics would include the intelligent behavior of
animals on the one hand and the “artiﬁcially
intelligent“ behavior of computers on the other.

Ambropology. A Illoloueal. Phyieal, And Social
View: Heredity, Evolution, And Sodety

An understanding of the hereditary. evolutionary
and societal inﬂuences on our lives is an essential
element in a “coming of age." This course is an
introduction to these inﬂuences. An elementary
discussion of genetice serves as a departure point for
a biological. physical. and societal characterimtion
of man and his environment —— this organization is
based on the premise that the most important facts
are those with social implications. However. the
incredibly plastic interplay of heredity rind
environment allows not a perspective. only a set of
perspectives. Accordingly. the objective of this
course is the development ofa scientiﬁc and humane
base for the beginning of tin understanding of oitr

_ socict y.

The Uses o'r Numbers

The two aims of this course would be to develop
the habit of noting the irrrplicatioirs of the many
(econtmric. political. geographical. etc.) numerical
assertions one cncottntcrs every day. and to develop
a sensitivity to the pleasures that mathematics can
afford. Possible topics include: the art ofestim
how to use (or misuse) probability and start. .
mathematics us an empirical science (e.g. guessing
thcorcnts with the aid of pocket calculator): wlral
conrputers can and cannot do; mathematics as an
art-form (number theory); the history of pi and e:

 
 

   

. ‘ infinitiei.

what the. calculus

11m .  '
Tune in something everyone has definite (though
often unexpreased) ideu‘about. However. a few
quite simple facts from the world’of phenomena
reveal that the nature of time is in many ways quite
different from the common naive notions. Since the
naive view of time is built into language Itself
(through. foi' c'xdmple. implicit temporal
assumptions). it is not at all easy to rise above the
naive view, and the experience of tryingto do so can
be illuminating. The nature of time will. be
approached from the following points of _ vrew:
clocks. in principle and in practice: time in the
theory of relativity; the direction oftrme. according
to thermodynamics and statistics; contrasts and
connections between the views of time in physics.
philosophy. psychology, and literature.

Science Fiction

The aim of thecourse istoattract to'the study and
discussion of literature some of those students
(numerous in technical andscientiIiC ﬁelds. and in
the social sciences) who read no works of
imagination other than science fiction. Many of
those students turn out to have developed in high
school it hatred of “the classics" and a conviction
that the analysis of literature in inhuman and
boring. Nevertheless they rctrd staggeringquantitics
of science ﬁction. usually in "escape" from their
studies. and feel gtiiity about that reading; they are
anxious to defend SF against attacks coming from
the “centers of high culture." but are themselves
quick to say that SF has “little or no literary value."
' discussions aiming to set science ﬁction into
- historical and literrrry perspectives as “the
to encourrrgc slow. analytical reading and
the d ciplined expression of personal responses are
a new experience for such students. and a valuable
one. Ifstrcb a course were tatrglttjnintly be a stttdent
of literature and a historian of science. it cotrld
cunsidcrthe realtiorrs ofscienceto society and myth.
But eycn just as a course III reading. writing. and
discussing. it would fill an important place. (This
course was in fact offered in Spring I976 and had an
enrollment of nearly lfllstudcnts. most of whom had
never taken a lit course in college.

 

  

 

__________.___._.__... _
'chort ol' the Committee on General Education.
('ornell Ilniyersily. January. I977: p. 2

llbitl. p..l

‘lbid.. p. 3

Open Letter to the University Community

In September I976. I’rcsidcnt Fields charged this
committee to reassess the concept of a liberal arts
cdtrcation at the U ntvcrsity at Albany. with specific
regard to students majoring in the College oi Arts
and Sciences. In our October letter we sought

" . . . advice from the academic community on
what it pcrccivcs to I‘I' "2:.- goals of llrc liberally
educated person and. . . . to Irclp identify

alternative ayenues to reach these goals." We want
to reiterate our sinccrc interest in feedback from the
\aritrus constituencies of tile campus.

Over the last several months we have been
working Ill develop proposals which recogni/c the
nature of this campus. the pressures already
imposed on laculty. and the concerns and
aspirations ol‘thc student ol'thc [970‘s and Hll‘s. We
believe that on reform which we may offer can
ultimately achieve the goals of liberal lcarningil not
supported by students. faculty and administrators.

We are therefore holding an open meeting on
Tuesday. May It). I977. in the Campus Center
Assembly Hall at 7:30 p.m.. the purpose of which is
to discuss the following document.

Wishing to develop a proposal which would
foster the principles of liberal education. the
committee sought first to identify the goals of a
liberally educated person. Our statement of goals
follows.

A Liberally Educated Person Should
‘ be able to road with understanding and to
think. speak and wrlto wIth preclalon. clarity
and coherence;

be able to evaluate Information and mum
oblectlvoly In formulatlng doclslona and critical
)udgomonte;

have a critical appreclatlon of the ways In
which we gain knowledge and understanding
of the universe. of society. and of ourselves;

have some understanding of. and experience
In thlnltlng about, moral and ethical problems;

be able to transcend hie/her own eaparlance
and ctdture; have a parapectlve that In
International In scope; have a lamlIIarIty wlth
the past and a vision of the future;

achlavo depth In some field of knowledge.

In formulating this statement. the committee
considered repons from a number of sources.
including Harvard. Yale and a colloquium chaired
by Professor Mauriir Johnson of the University at
Albany. We believe that if more undergraduates
were conscious of the son of visionthat is presented
in the above statement. they would take better
advantage of the diverse resources of this
institution.

1 he proposal which follows addresses the matter
of how to operationalirc these goals at the
UniversityctAlbanyforstudents. ' L ii. .

degree in the College of Arts and Screhoes. The
committee has also considered the 0.8. degree in its
relationship to general education. We have decided

not to make any proposal which affects the 8.3. at
this time. because we need significant input
regarding the special needs of ITS. students and llrc
possible impact of the “breadth principle" upon
them.

Proposal —— Part I

The student must pass of IO.“ one course In
each of the two colleges outside the college of
his/her major. These courses may be elther (a)
specially developed “etlmqua eouraes;" or (b)
other courses of particular Interest to the
student In these two colleges; or (c) a stimulus
course from one college and one other course
of Interest from the other college.

These courses may be taken anytime durlng
the student's studies.

A "stimulus course" aims at exciting students
about an arctr of study. with a view toward creating
the hosts for a life-long interest in the subject field.
liach college will olfcr several stimulus courses.
designed Ior students at various levels in their
undergraduate careers. Some may be particularly
appropriate for the student with limited
background in a discipline. whilcothers will present
a more informed overview for the st udent with more
advanced knowledge. These courses may be taught
within one department. may be interdepartmental.
or may even contain material going beyond a
specific college‘s spurt of interest. “Stimulus
courses" must be hollr interesting arid challenging.
Ilrc committee hopes that teachers for these courses
will be selected for Ilreir particular skills in working
with undergraduates as well as for their enthusittm
lor parlicrpating III this project.

In illustrate. Ircrc are two examples oi the kinds
of courses which lhc committee sees as “stimulus
courses.“

(‘ullurril Diversity And The Human Condition

"A humanisticalIy—orientcd study of selected
cultures and societies. focusing on continuity and
change in the follwoing: family; culture and
religituwalucs; art and nature: work and play;
hculth-ecologylscience and nature. Team-taught by
SUNY-Albany faculty. uttIi/iog guest lecturers and
international students as resource persons. The Full
session focuses on India. France. and the African
Hausa: 'llte Spring session focuses on China.
Guatemala. and the Iran. Full year course or either
session. (Designed primarily for entering
freshmen)"
SUNYA Undergraduate Bulletin I976-77. Ilum I50
a and b (3.3)
The Uses Of Numbers

"The twu aims of this course would be to develop
the habit of noting the implications of the many
( ' political. , .. , ' ' ' etc.) numerical
assertions one encounters every day. andtodevelop
a sensitivity to the pleasures that mathematics cart
afford. Possible topics include: theart of estimating;

Irow to use (or misuse) probability and slalislics;
mathematics as an empirical science (c.g. guessing
theorems wrtlr thc rtid of a pocket calculafor)’. whal
computers can and control do: nunhematics as an
art-form (number theory); the history of pi and c;
what the calstrllts is abotrt: the classification of
irrlitritcs."

Cornell University Proposal by the (‘oormitlcc
on (icncrrtl Education. January I977

Proposal — Part II

The student will complete a second erId
consisting of 18-24 credits (a) offered by a
department In one of the two colleges outside
the college of his/her major; (b) or the student
may propose a coherent concentratlon of 18-24
credits of course work from among
departments outside of his/her malor college.
All such "Interdepartmental" or
"Interdisciplinary" second field proposals must
be reviewed by the newly formed Committee on
Interdesclpllnary Studios. which operates
under the aegis of the Undergraduate
Academic Council.

The courses used to satisfy the requirements
of Part I cannot be used within the second field
to satisfy the requirements of Part II.

lhc committee rushes to encourage "distance"
between lhc major and Ilre second lrcltl Ill order to
foster the "breadth" principlc. which Is essential to
our concept of liberal education. However. the
committee wrshcs also to encourage students to
pursue their individual academic interests With the
greatest practical degree of freedqu wllliln lhc I20
credit graduation requirement. 'l'licrelorc. alter the
student ltas satisfied all of his her obligations for
the II.A,. there will be 54-00 credits still open: I20
minus 30 for the Itiiljtll'. minus Ill-24 Ior the second
field. and minus (i for the two strmtrlrrs courses or
their replacements. Ihe fact that the second field
can be taken in any department wrihincrther college
outside of the major college. or can be
interdisciplinary gives the student a very broad
option.

()nc related possibility is taht each department
could devise one or triore "structured second fields"
centered on Ilh own discipline. principally
comprised trl. but not necessarilylimitcd to. course
work within the department. Such “structured
second fields.“ while giving many options to
students. would have the advantage of greatly
diminishing the burden of advisement arrtl rclnted
paperwork.

OTHER CONCERNS
Writing
The committee wishes to express its special
concern that undergraduate students should be able
“to write with precision. clarity and coherence." The
committee does not belieVe. however. that stress on
good writing should be conﬁned to an English

Composition course. We feel Iherc nccds Io bc a
multifaceted approach which slresses remedial
work. where necessary. and which encourages the
dcmonstrailon of writing competence at all Icycls
and in all disciplines.

Advisement

In its discussions the ctmrmiltcc Irequently
expressed its concern for the Importance of
informed. el’l'cctiye academic atlyrsenrcnt as a key
element III the undergraduate experience. We
recognilc that budgetary conslrainls have had an
impact on the zulyrscmcnt structure at this
University. Within our resources. however. wefch
tltal cycly L'lltrrl should be made to support
meanmglul Intelo-lucc contacts bclwccrr students
and their atlyrsors. I)L'llllIL'(I study and
iccoinrncntlalions are ncctfcd here. '

|hecommrtlcctlocssnggcst that eachdcparlmcnl
begin by making an effort to dcyclop arrtl supply
students \\ th the kind of written information that
will .illcvialc the med Ior advisement contacts
regarding routine matters. thus leaving rrrorc trrnc
Iiil' CIlIIhIIIIIIIltlII till IIIUI'L' \lII‘IhIIIIIIhL’ IIIiIIICI'S.
Iivtlcr urilIt-n articulation of program
specifications and rcqurrcmenls \yrll alsolrclp assure
Ihat mlorrnatron powder! to studcnls Will be
consistent and accurate l he notion of it"slruct trrctl
second held" addresses this problem. Surely.
academic trails can respond cr'calnclylo l hcsc needs
In other trays. .is well

Implementation ( onsltlerutioirs

.rI/It'l‘ ro/rrltlr'rrirg I'l‘lltlltlll l4! III (iro/roirrls. l/It‘
r'rrrmrrrllm' n rll/u‘r/urrr' tllllllll report for \rr/ulrlsuorr
m Iln- Prom/err! am] [or U/llrlrll [Ill/llll‘rllltlll. I'lrr'
I‘I'Illll’l nrllnu/ hem Irv/upon lll llll‘ (’Irrlt'r'grmlirrrlr'
.‘It'rlrlt'lllll (or/rail mrlrIr/ru I'l77-7t’fllf‘fIt/l'llllt Il'fll'.
0 'Ilrv/rr “proof. 1/ partial. u 11/ Inna/u rrn'r'lrrurlurr /or
IIIl/tli'lllt'llltlllrIII. Il'r' urggrtyr Illlll (I l'lIllllIIl/lt't‘
ill't'l'u't' rlrr' IIll/Ill'llll'llltllltlll [moon and IIio/riror
l/lt' f'lll'l It of rho [mt/mull u/mrr llll‘ mrrlr'rgrmltrmr'
l' TIH'I'II‘III f‘.

'I’rlor lo IIII/lll’llll'llftllltIll o r' IIt't’t/IU (Il't'lllt' lion or
1/ our [ll‘tllllttfll n Ill (Ill/Ill In tlllr/i'llft pursuing ILS.
tli'gri'r'y.

.Ullt't’ llIro/Izr'rl. (his proposal tlIUIt/t/ rro/ lrr'
Illlllll'llll‘llll'll at if regulation urrii/ llIf'lIll/l’l/ III I/lt‘
Ulrtlr'rgnrrliullt' IIrrl/t'lrli; u/ Ilrt' ear/(arr rlrls all] /u'
lllt' l97K-I9791'r/Illtm. 'Ilrn rcgu/uliun will no! u/r/Ilt‘
In .illft/t'lll.) a ho lrcgrur rlt'gn'c .ylml r llt'l’t’ prior Io l/ft'
rr/jirr‘rr/ lllllt' o/ fill/Ill’llll'lllrllltill. I

('oncluslon

‘We encourage all members of tire University
(ornnurnny to respond to our appeal for lectlbtlck.
You may participate by allenthngthc opcrt meeting
on May llllh. by providing tr written statement to
the conunrtlee ( () Professor Ilny ()rlrtli.
( Iltll:fpclbtill. IIU 22.1. or both. We request tltal all
WII en responses reach Professor It

a Ortall b

May 20. l977, y y

,  an...“ "cutaneous of

  

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  

 
   
  
 
  
   
   
    
  
   
 
  
 
 

 

 

~ ~ wv- WWKL~

 

   

 

that you are rightly concerned with quality of
service. We agree. We would much rathersee
‘ bus service designed for SUNYA students
rather than the needs of Washington and

Western residents. Albany High School

tudents and the subsidation of an
mbarassing ﬁscal disaster called CDTA.

' It is our understanding that CDTA will
atch the present schedule. What they don‘t
II the students is that CDTA's major concern
 their pet. Western Avenue corridor service.
* ranslated, Western Avenue will be the key
ute meaning major Western Avenue service,
t and west, with littlethought and service to
.ashington Avenue student population.

Capital District Transportation Authority
definition will not provide special and
cated service for you. You will be forced

i' to ompctc for a seat at peak hours with the
-f general public. State Campus workers and

everyonc‘s favorite; Albany High School. And

' just picturca CDTA bus waiting while you run
‘ through Administration Circle or the driver

desperately tryingtofit that last student onthe
bus on a cold winter's day.

“SUNYA bus service operates on a budget
(including purchasing two 90 passenger diesel
‘ buses this year) of a little over $300,000. Also

the purchase of the two new buses with their
greater load capability will serve to increase
our carrying capacity by one-third per bus
while decreasing our operating expenses.

'  the other hand. CDTA will receive
'Iapjtroximatcly the same funding from the

die and matching funds from the Federal
GSAVCrnincnt meaning CDTA will receive
1‘e to $600,000 to provide service that our
bugservicc is providingat about $300,000. The
Xpaycr. you and your family. will be raped
lhc tune of the extra $300.000 required to
idc this service which may not he
L date to your needs.
 closing. it has been a very disheartening
' lackluster experience to be on the
iving end of the Administration’s
,arcnt effort to cut cost('!) regardless ofthc

In

 

munity which they are pledged to serve.
in. we thank you for your support. In you
have a very formidable ally in what

SA
commended

'I be critical issue of Student Uniorn/atron.
mes across like a “sweet breath of Spring“,

  
 
 
  
   
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
    
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 

ncepl. is wholeheartedly welcomed by cach
tl every student concerned about his or her
lc in thc institutions ol "higher education".
Ins includes students on a National scale. as
cll as a local one.
We. li()|’SA. are firmly Irttcnt upon
tpporling this ever-growing moycmcnt
irdcnt unionization) and we consider l)a\1tl
old‘s intercsts and concerns over this matter
I be bothslnccr‘c antl positiw, As such. we are
Illy prepared to extend any sources or
uppor't itecdcd. in lunhcr'rng "Student
. nionl/alion” movements; within this
articular University or elsewlicrc. As pointed
I in several of'the materials distributed bythc
A Office. this matter has progressed Ill leaps
ntl bounds. ln cllect. sltrtlcnt associations
toss the country have been making
rcmcrrdous progress to terms of a national
Vconsciotlsncss-raisrng" campaign.
Ideally enough. David (iold anti his
'dmiitistr'ation have assumed a noble and
gbly-l'avored position. EOI’SA is fully

 

‘ -‘ reputed to assist when needed. that we may
3‘ btain this greatly needed “UNITY” through

ttident unionization. We only wish that more

groups will follow suit. Self-reliance, sett-1
determination and ultimate freedom are but
scant dreams away before“ the reality of
victory. Fate permitting. we will persevere.
But lo. and as a ﬁnal note: "We'have much
work that lies ahead.“
Micquel Barker
EOPSA President

voter
registration

To the Editor:

Five student groups are working together
this fall to register SUNYA students to vote
and to request absentee ballot applications.
They are the New York Public Interest
Research Group. Inc. (NYPIRG). Off
Campus Association (OCA). Student
Association (SA). Strident Unionizing
Movement (SUM). and Student Association
of the State University (SASU).

The groups are urging students already
registered in a political party to vote in their
local Primaries September 8. These
preliminary elections determine which
candidates will be on the ballot for actual
election in November.

Asa scrvicclos‘llldcnls registered in Albany
County. thc groups are preparing and
distributing a free list of Albany polling places
and hours. “We feel that off-campus students
should have easy access to this information.“
said ()CA President John Kennedy.

Students intercstcd in helping these groups
should come to an organizational meeting
scheduled for 'l’hursday afternoon. September
it at 3:30 in thc OCA Lounge (Campus Center
first floor). I’lans will be made then for a
campus-wide voter registration drive to be
held September l5-2lf. Students will also be
trained in legal and technical inspects of
registering people to vote.

According to SA President Dave (iold. the
goal of this drive is “to hclpas many students
as possible participate in elections in an off
year. NYI’IRG. SA and SASII registered
about 2.000 SUNYA students last year forthc
Presidential election. and we want to
encourage all of them plus several hundred
ncyy rcgrstrantsto vote in this year's elections.“

llonic Novick. chairperson of NYI’|R(i at
SliNY ‘\. stressed the difference students can
make in on election. “A poll taken by
\) l’l l<(i after last ycar"s presidential election
lountl that sllttlcnls tlclimtcly hclpcd ('arlcr'
win in New York State. _l(rfl.()0f)st udcnts voted
for him. and he carried the state by only
200.000 votcs. l'he poll showed tltal students
mm] for Carter ovcr l’ortl by a 2 to | margin
((‘arter bl percent. I‘ord 3| pcrcerrl. others 8
percent). while the general population gave
('artcr 5i pct‘ccnl atrtl Ford 405 percent of
their \trtcs."

Iicsidcs registering students to vote and
rcqttcsling absentee ballots. NYI’IRG and
ls'ASli said tltcy will also monitor problems
students how Will] this process. SASU
Ilrstr'icl (‘tuntlinalor Sharon Ward said.
“\Vc'r'c recording who fills otit u but forms and
a hen the forms are mailed Ill. so we'll huvclhc
rntormulron if any Iloartl ol Elections
challenges us. We'll have complaint forms for
students to IIII otll tlcscr'ihrng problems they
how. and we'll ud\isc .stutlcnls of Ilreir rights
ltl challenging decisions tirade by Ilreir Ilourtl
ol l-lcctioos. llrcn .\Yl’ll{(i and SASll will
use the rnlortnation \\c collch to lobby for
changes III New York State‘s lilcclion law.
which now discriminatcs against students."

for more Information concerning the
registration tlrivc September 15-28. you may
reach NYI’IRU at 457-3440. SA at 457-oS-IZ.
and ()CA at 457-3427.

NYI’IItti
SASU
()CA
SU M
SA

 

 

 

   
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
   
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
 
 
 

Turn Of The SCRUE
The Special Committee to Review the Unilergraduate-Experience is"
to be commended on the excellent manner in which they have handled
their most difﬁcult charge. It is difficult enough to define the
undergraduate experience, much less attempt a complete review of it.
Yet for the past year, SCRUE has taken the highly ﬂammable
questions raised about distribution requirements and liberal education
and handled them in an open. forthright manner.
However, the conclusion they have reached is a difficult one to accept.
SCRUE‘s proposal involves tying up 18 of each student’s credits,
requiring him/ her to earn nine apiece in the colleges outside his/ her
major.
_ This seems less a solution than a last ditch attempt at something that
might work; anything but the status quo, which is obviously not
working. Not only is 18 a totally arbitrary number of credits, but to limit
the requirements to students enrolled only in the College of Arts and
Sciences is self—defeating.
The informal recommendations made by SCRUE are more to the
point; they address themselves to the cause rather than the symptoms. If
students are graduating from SUNYA with a less than satisfactory
liberal education, the answer is not forcingthcm totake a wider range of
courses. Adapt the curriculum; add courses that will be useful to
students from distant ﬁelds, tying in concept and ideas from a wide
variety of sources. Increase the quality and—if budgetary constraints
permit—the quantity of academic advisement. Increase the role of the
written assignment in courses.
The dissenting opinion by Maurice Richter, though anti-requirement.
is also anti-advisement and anti-curriculum changes. and therefore anti-
student. To assume that any SUNYA student knows exactly what he
wants so well. and knows the university and its course offerings so
thoroughly. that there is no need at all for academic guidance is absurd.
Students are paying for their education; they deserve all the help the
university can supply.
Until there is an advisement system at SUNYA that can be depended
upon for structure. the problem is how to deal fairly with both those
students who are desirous of a fairly rigid program, and those who are
not. A variety of optional formats might be one possible answer.
But even if SCRUE's proposal is accepted. in one form or another.
allowances should be made forthose students who would like to develop
a cohesive program of study along different lines. If there must be
requirements. at least let there be choice.

 

 

Sr'rzrs't'r: RAGGIO lizlimr-iri-(‘lrief
JorsA'r'rixN IlonorLs .IIrrIragi/rg Edi/or
WALHIR TrrortM/tN limitless Manager

.II.I\NNI'. Jxv I’rmlut'llurr Manager
, . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . , . . . . . H'I'IltlhlAls' MAa'rr-zr.|.o
...MAI’IIII;W t'ox. ANITA UNrrntwr-zrsr-zn
AilL‘ AltKlNl)

Nrws rnrrort . . .
Assotinrt mus rorioris .. .. .....
Asr-it‘rs MINOR. .,,. . .
Ashtlf'lnll. [\hI'Il rs rnrrort ., . . . . ..
Shoals I.I)llttil . .. . .. ..
Assot'rx'rr svonrs union . . . .. .
Amrrtrrsirst; \rxrs'ymrt
.‘s'.yt.rs r-rrtsorsrsrr.

  
 
  

. . . . . . . . . ,. . I).\v r

. . . . . . .. .  Eom Es .ItMAN
ANnv FIIIliS'I'ONIi
..... Iliunrs' (‘Arirr.r.
rr: MIinfIZI.S'l’I£IN

:2.
<

 

 

   

...'..lvfiki. . lit

 

XIII/J writers: Ilryan Ilol/berg. I-duard
Radcr. I‘aul Itoscnthul

'I'urvt'r fl‘lflllllt'.‘ Lorraine I.lbcnorc

l‘rcvrmrs IIclcnc lannor‘

forum. Kelly Krta

lit/ling: Ilehbrc Yclrn

I‘irrrrill Irrrr/rmrgt-r: I'llcn l'inc

(Irl.t.\lllt’i/y.' “and Phillips

t'rri‘rrlillirm: Ida Il'itsclrcn

IIl'lIt/ I_I'[JI.\I.' Jody \Vilner

('mn/miirr'rui: l’al Mc(i|ynn

lira/1hr} Prank Smith

.llurgm Sandy Robinson

I’l‘tH/llt‘llflll.’ Irene Firmat. Debbie
Kopf. Vicki Kurt/man. Laurie
l.esko. Denise Miisorr. Amy
Phillips. Meg Roland. Laurie
Sludwell. Kim 'l‘nrnmolo

 

I557}! [IL/SH If!) I910

'Ilrr' .Il/lmrrv .S‘rrult-rrl I’rr-ii rs [Illllllt/lt'tl every louder and Friday during the .It‘lltlﬂl rear Irv/Ire
-lll-rm_r Slur/cur I'mm ('rrrlmrulrun, mr [rule/mule"! IlfIIf/rH-[thl/ll rrrganlzalltm. Editorial
polo v Lt llt'lt'rllllllt't/ lrr Illt' Izllr'Iur-r'u-(lrr'e/I mill is .lllhjt‘t'f Io review by Illt' Marl/read Staff.
.IIm/mg ilr/r/I't'.\.\.' .‘Illltllll' Slur/em I’rms, C C 129. NOOJI’ar/rlnglun rlvtt. .‘Ilbarry. N Y [2222.

 

 

 

 

J

AleN)’ srudcnr pness conponariorv

noun or mascroas
S'rsrrrrcu DZINANKA o SPENCE Rxooro a DANIEL Gum's

 

 

 

 

 

   

