l
l .
I
r

 

   
   
 

 

 

 

November 8
Body Shop - stresses posture, warm ups, fun activity,

and basic dance skills developement. Presented by
Dennis Ficken at 6 - 7:l5 p.m. inthe Dance Studio.

nts”

November 14

Back Care Clinic for prevention and care of back
aches due to poor muscle balance and tension.
Presented by Exercise Consultation Bureau,
DiViSion of Academy of Fitness at 7 - 8 pm. in
Wrestling Room. '

November [5

Felden Krais - Awareness through movement offers
people of every age a way of integrating physical and
mental developement in wholeness. Will build better
body habits and bring into focus new dimensions of
sellrawareness and human potential. Presented by
Ann Marie DUJany at 6 - 7:l5 inthe Dance Studio.

November to
Down Hill S_ki Conditioning. Presented by Royce
Van Evera. Eastern US. A. Ski Coach, at 6- 7p.m.

\

in (iym (.

 

 

November 29

Tar-Chi a Chinese self-defense art developed around
_I IOO AD. It serves a‘s an excellent daily exercise to
improve'hcalth and vitality and as a form of moving
meditation to foster spiritual and mental
eqtianrmrty. Presented by Michael Roland at 6- 7:l5
p.m. in the Dance Studio.

November 30
X-(otmtry Ski Conditioning. Presented by Royce
Vim Lycra. IiitSlCl‘tt USA. Ski Conch at6—7p.m. in
(iy‘m L'.

r-----_-__

Ium/rrl lir i/tlt/t'm ll.\\rlt'irllitill

-------------
_,,._,,,,H mt“. “I,” “Hm q------------

30% Léoléz,

UNI-SEX

 

HAIRSTYLING

(Student Discounts with l.l).)
Vidal .S'ussurm Sly-ling I’rmlur-Is

 

Appointment
(518) 482-7560.“..41 State St., Albany

  

I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
: flashes of brilliance.
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I

      

By MARK J. MeGAIlRY

Most of the reviews you read here will
be at least mildly favorable, for two very
good reasons. First. after years of reading
sf, one gets a feel for what will most likely
be a good book. and one that will
probably be an unsatisfactory one. As
might be expected, I choose to avoid the
latter and so they usually don‘t get
reviewed. (This condition won‘t last when
publishers start sending review copies.
Most of them don't seem to be nearly as
discriminating as I.)

The other reason is more personal. I
gave up reviewing two years ago when l
was tryingto write an unfavorable review
of a book by an author I admired. one
that had taken him live years to write. It
was not a good book. but how crrn one in
good conscience trash live years of
someone‘s life? Unless one ridopts the
typical adversary. reviewer vs author
relationship. it is difficult to continue
reviewing. It becomes hard to maintain
some kind of objectivity. Also. even the
worst of books contain good points. even

 

So. to prove lean do it. here are reviews
of three not-so~good books.

A Scanner Darkly by Philip K. Dle
is the first one. It was issued in hardcover
by Doubleday earlier this year at $6.95. It
is no secret that Hill Dick was very heavy
into drugs at one point in the (10‘s. a
practice that landed him a psych unit fora
time. The book is dedicated to fifteen of
his friends. seven of whom are dead
bccritisc of drugs. six of whom have
Jpnssiy'gxplyy'gjiosgs'g'pltl or brain damage.
two of whom  and so on. It is a
depressing end to an unhappy. but
el'l'ccti\e novel.

llic only tltl l lime to pick is that
.S'r'mrrrcris iii no sense science fiction. Oh.
it takes place in I986 and there is a device
in there called the scramble suit that
enables Arctor to maintain his identity
for as long ris he does. bill the world the
novel takes place in. arid the characters.
are straight out of the sixties. l'hc
dil'lcr'erit names for common items that
are supposed to create the illusion that
this is llrc I‘llltlt‘L‘ merely cr’cct hurdles for
the reader's eye to get around as he
follows the li'agrcclirir'zictcr's and complex
plot. Ilic problem is that l’liil Dick is
known as an sl \tr'itcr. he gets contracts
from people like Doubleday arid SAW
\ihosriy."(ii\cinciiriothersfhook"andil

lic hands in something that's not sl. no
matter how good it is, it throwsn monkey
wrench in the works. lhrs is a fine book.

really. I‘IIII stuffing it into the sf mold

crippch it. As I was reading I deleted the

bogtis luiiir’istics that Dick shipped on.

and was “ell-pleased with the result, I

sttggcsl you do the same.

(I .l. (‘hcri'yli blit/ed tlic sl world with

three Hotels in the same year. I've read

It'l'ril/tt'l‘.i ()l lr'm‘I/i. rrrr earlier note]. and

Cherry his command of prose rrrid plotting

uas precise and professional. It was a

book that would not have shamed a life-

long wrrter though it was at times a

trifletootraditionally st'lor' my somewhat

kinky tastes.

Hunter (1/ li"ul‘lrl.\' (UAW, $I,75 in

paper? is ('licr‘ryh's third book. and the

precrsion of writing is still there. and the

book is still ajoy to read. lt'sjiist that yoti

wont be sure what you've read when

you're linished. (‘licrryh iritrodtices aritl

 t;::::lt‘)tl\t:l.nt:lttl”l\y’tt. biit tlirecrilien

‘ . t I tLtt own language

(rind each With their own short glossaryin

the brick of the book ). emotions. concepts

 

 

 

.mwlécé

PAGE 2A

 

k

 

jot" honor" rind I couldn‘t brindle it. I

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

  

A. ’re Not

 

All Classics.

..z..--

 

didn't know why everyone was doing
what they were doing. or precisely why .
and motivations are what the book is an
about

The third victim is also ri third note] by
a new author. This one is "It' ‘Iirmr.
Strep! City by Thomas F. Moritclconc.
from Popular Library at $1.50.

Chicago is the time-chpt city. I he city
is run by an intelligent computer. and the
book chronicles what I guess to be rr few
thousand years of (ICVCIOf‘lIttcltl of
Chicago. Each chapter of the book i, ..
separate vignette or short story. with on].
the background and thc dcyctopiiicnt oi
the city as a living entity its a llttll\‘tltg
theme. The orin continuing character it
the comptiter that runs the city \Iost or
the problems I had with the book \pttltg
from this.

First. as with aliens. there 1|I'k‘l\\t)\\.l\\
of characterizing computers lIItill
sentence looks terribly foolish. stlvlltg on
the page.( One way is to tune lIlcttt
mysterious rind irrikrioyiahlc. \\liIcIi
creates an air of strangeness ilscll IIlc
other way is to cliarrrctcri/c lItL‘IIt its
deeply as any human. and cicri r| HIIL‘IIIt‘s
to make then truly rilicii trrrid lc\\ .tlllItttts
do try) one is bound to fail in lIlL‘.il|ctttpl.

IlMI-SW

lW’I‘Ilt tours I' NI: niteteone‘

r 'I'r epic! '

    

 

  
    

 
 

          

*’
('lircrigo comes off as IIIt ‘ it
omriipotcrit computer-goric—rii.rrl I' it.»
this Mission. and ii exiles lls |ltIt.tl“ nu.

inatypicrillylsfcomptrtcr|ogic.it.--. r. 

The humans Ittlcl‘lctc \\III‘ or.
completion of tlic prograrrirrrirrc » 
must be destroycd c\tlctl -» spit
around c\cri though tltc prr-‘ir

supposed to be their bcrictrr Rm:

new race of riicri at the curl to it ‘.I '

the city puts a lrcsli light on IIllIt:

is too little anti too late

The writing \ar‘rcs hcruccri pr if
clinched. StitttL‘ltltlL's iii the \.||l|i\ “

IIIL‘I‘C are llaslics ot brillrarrct- i’.i

blind you most ol the chart r 1‘ =’
originally appeared in .'IIIll/.HI" \ rrv
l-i‘r'limr as "(iood and I';t|IItllII \xr

lor‘ instance. and the riicritroii it: 
citi/eii that ‘lltt: cr'ircrlrs is hit .r
disgusting thing but they are but»? rtt
most of the stock slitttlllritts
possible to ring in. It's a terribly on.
book. It reads asil it \yirsqrrickly .rrrr‘ 
\cry carefully put together. and it i~ tr» ! u
the worst of the author‘s tlircc hook- ltr-t
then there are tliosc littIc ItlIlLIlk\ tim'
almost redccrii ecr'trrrii chapters

All in all. not a good job.

From another point of view. Inor-
Sit't'p! (71y is an experiment that drrlrr't
work. Maybethc challengeot'tryrrigrortu
a new. fresh computer novel. or ot \tt'lltltti
a book with independent chapters. My
something the author wanted to attempt
It didn't work. but the question TL'Illltltts
ls such a book a noble attempt. or itrnss’
And does it matter?

'I don't know the answers. If I did. I
InltIht not say that The Tiara-Sirva ('r/r
llﬁtt‘t book to beavoided. llut I don‘t and

o.

 

NOVEMBER 4. 1977

  

 

By STEVE NORTH

A lot of the time I‘m aware of the
machine age creeping into my life: when I
get third degree palm burns trying to use
my hot latherdispenser; whenthe no-skid
computer on my car revolts and becomes
my nose-skid computer; when my hot
dogs and beans dinner becomes hot dogs
because my electric can opener. can‘t
figure otit The Price Chopper‘s denting
system; when I have to explain to people
that my wife doesn't beat me. that Ijust
forgot myself and looked face upinto our
Joe Louis Shower—ah—-Massage.

But it didn‘t really register how far
things had gone until one day my wife
said; “You know. you really need some
new prints and shirts."

“ But these are my lucky pants!“

“The season's over and the Mets didn‘t
make itgive them up."

So there they went--ho\v I‘m going to
replace the ‘69 vintage mustard and pizza
stains. stains from the golden year. I don‘t
know.

Now. I‘ve never liked shopping for
clothes. I‘m not being sexist or anything,
but where I come from your sister and
your mother go shopping for clothes.you
and your father plriy golf. Then. once a
year your mother takes you in tow and
heads you down to “Rudy's Men‘s Store".
That ordeal has left its scars: fine lines on
my neck from neglected price tag pins.
scar tissue from a three inch gash on my
heads you downto“Rudy’s Men's Store."
lucky I didn‘t fry—it was all bare wiring,
nails. sheet rock.

I was in eighth grade before I
understood what everybody else meant
by a ‘torture rack'; formeit wasalways
mixed up with row after row of‘Slightly
lrregular‘ pants and salesmen and the
only curtain-covered cubicle I ever
dreaded entering that wasn‘t a
confessional. And you‘re in there trying
to please everybody and get this thing
over with; you try on some ‘European
style‘ pants and go out to look in the
mirror. three inches of future cuffs
dragging on the floor. and your mother
says

"You don‘t like them."

“What d'ya mean Ma? These are fine.
let‘s go."

that you don't like them."
Well, the only look on my face was a
grimace from wearing pants whose waist

inches between crotch and waist. Every
time I hitched them up my voice rose an

octave.

So it was never fun. but looking back. it
seems a picnic to me now. all those
maroon blazers (one in fourth grade rind

 

NOVEMBER 4. 1977

 

\w

 

 

n. u “4...... H... H...“

    

another when I was a senior) with
obscurely nautical gold buttons. pants for
the .future. and Rudy‘s annual “But for
you. Mrs. North“ pitch. Especially
compared to the thrill of shopping inthe
Electronic Mail and Department
Store;Constant Temp. 855 F, Relative
Humidity .02 per cent. Coat Checking
Capacity: Zero. Oh. I suffer some
nostalgia (among other things, like
psoriasis) walking around in my skijacket
and hat until my skin itches and my scalp
ﬂakes faster than Howdy Doody under a
belt sande'ru a lot like Lent used to be;
we were brought up in astrict tradition of
humiliating the body. Sackcloth and
ashes. that son of thing. But all that just
to find ‘Clothing: Men‘s?

“Excuse me, could you help me?" I
say to the nicely dressed man sifting
through the SUPER SAVINGS pile. “I
don‘t work here“, he says in a tone that
suggests that my attendants really ought
to keep me in a closer two. “Uh. yeah.
sorry.“ My wife arrives to rescue me and
have me “try on this pair of pants and this
shirt."

“I don't think you‘resupposedtotry on
shirts. and what size are the pants?"

“Thirty-nine. twenty-eight; and how

“No‘ I can [an bylhelook on your face are you supposed to know if it will fit?"

So I move submissively to the quaintly
rusticized try-on boot—it's hard to believe
that the EDS (Electronic Department

was“! yournavcl‘buuhm were onlylwo Store) really went to such expense to

create what Rudy got just by being too
cheap to ﬁnish his walls. Of course. these
are supposed to be‘Western Style‘you can
tell that by the swinging. see—through
doors that cover you from knees to mid-
chest; I wonder if Matt Dillon ever tried
dressing in the doorway of the. . . .7
Never mind. l might mentionthat I got rt
rustic Western blood blister when I tried
to close them.

lhcrc are. of course. no chairs or
benches in there—just two pegs on the wall
the si/c ol toilet paper spools and a sign
that says “Please Do Not I'lirow
Merchandise on the I’Ioor'", which is ris
riiiieli to say “ Please 'I hr'ow Your Clothes
on the I‘loor'". | only full once trying to
work my jeans off over the boots--the
srrleslridy' ((iod only knows where she
came from!) crime r'iiririing. looked tit the
met the top oftlic swinging doors. sitting
on the floor hog-tied by l,cvis.all my keys
and change rolling around. getting rustic,
quaint slivers in my ass-end. and said: “I
hope those are your prints!"

VI ell. I finally riiririaged to irritie my
shoes throuin my jeans rind kick tlicrii
off; I'm struggling to my feet when these
two snotty little girls look in under the

 
   

  

...,r. .  w. "uremia; .‘Jv‘mt r

   

The mechanic and Deirtmen‘Sto

 
    
 
         
       
    
   
       
      
       
           
            
       
 
 
   
  
  

 

  
    

lattice work and giggle: “Look at the fat

man.“ I don‘t suppose I should hava said
what I did. but they only giggled harder
anyway. Their father finally came and
got them away from thercit was the well
dressed man from SUPER SAVINGS.
His lower lip curled in a ‘Lrince- Rentzal-
you-got-a-problcm-brothcr‘ look. I‘m
still expecting a summons.

It was time to try the shirt on;jusl had
to take off the--arrgh--impregnable clear
wrapper. pull out the cardboard form-
whoops. don‘t forget the four pins that
hold the sleeves thereunpin and remove
the plastic collar brace. get the price tags
off. try not to lose the little slip that says
uINSPECTED BY NO. 890" in case I
want to get even with somebody. I pile all
this stuff neatly in the corner. almost as if
I know what is to come. I‘m sure the shirt
won't fitbut. wrong of wrongs. it does; not
only that. it goes with the new pants.

So. dragging cuff out to the mirror. I
ask the saleslady. who is miraculously still
there (the whole thing is getting to be a
little too much like Fatima for mytaste)l
ask:

“How much will the pants shrink

“Computer controlled three per cent.“

1 shuttle over to the adjancent
calculator section and punch in my
problem: “.03 x 39. 28x . . . l guessthey'll
do. Feeling pretty confident. I walk over
to the register. You know, the new kind«
the size of a harpsichord. three hundred
different keys. slots. knobs and other
bumps rind orifices that modesty prevents
me from describing by rinalogy. When I get
there I he salesIridy is liavingthe nails done
on her right hand while the mriching
prints out her astrological chart from a
palm reading of her left.

"Well. I'll take them both. please.

“You'll have to rcwr‘ap the shirt."

“What? I‘rii going to buy it--l‘Il just
unwrap it anyway!"

“Store policy. You‘ll have to rcwr‘tip it."

“But nobody cart do tliat--it was
wrapped by a machine! How can you
expect me to do that?"

“Why‘d you trike it out?"

"lo try it on."

" l liat‘s not allowed."

“But riiy wife . . 

“Where is she?"

She deserted iiic. "Skipthe shirt l‘llj irst
take the pants.“

“Will that be cash or charge?"

Charge. I guess.

“Your card?"

“Oh. yeah, look. let me run brick to
my dressing pi . . . plrice rind I'll be right
brick. Okay?"

No answer-—just ti buzzwhirr from the

i,“

o

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

m 3:. ...‘;:;L. .. .  ,   ,_., H... g ,

register. I scur‘rcd brick through the
swinging doors and dug my wallet out of
my tangled pants; I dumpcdthe contents
out on the lloor. There was my Macy‘s
charge. With a crrick in it. Sometime or
other I must have sat on it. Well. no
matter. I was ready to explain—that was
one machine I knew howto circumvent.
One whole semester of signing out
basketballs at the SUNYA gym with a
three piece ID had prepared me for this
moment. I stumbled back to the register
set to work this out.

But she was gone. I suppose I should
have expected it. recognized a surreal
experience when l was in one. I looked
around. Nobody—mot a head or real body
from Typewriters to Toiletries.

Running back through the swingtraps.
I tore the new clothes from me. stuffing
the shirt in the corner with my foot.
kicking the pants out at imaginary little
girls. I took the neatly piled pins and
cardboard and scattered them. my face a
rebel‘s smirk. I took one pin and stabbed
the crotch in the Y in INSPECTED BY
and stuck it into the “Pleasc Do Not
Throw" sign. breaking my blood blister in
the process. Something snapped and I ran
out. in my Macy‘s Best underwear. and
began to put the 3l-34 pants in the 34~3l
bin. and the 28-36'5 in with the 34-34‘5'. at
the calculator counter. I asked all the little
machines for the square root of two.

I was just putting a Slinky on a forever
ride on the escalator when I caught sight
of my real enemy: the Register [the mind
of the EDS]. Attacking cautiously. I
ripped at its tape—it spit more out at me. I
slammed a fist into its keyboard-~it spat
biographical data on my great aunt.
suggested my illegitimacy. That was too
much. I jumped on it. mashing the keys
with my bare feet. causing it to clack rind
spit and siiarl“&$/©T§®It;". “Hall.” I
thought. “I‘ve won; l'vc beaten it.“
Rriisiiig my middle finger in salute. l
pirouctted slowly.dcfiantly.irieludingtlie
whole store in one long deliberate tiirii.

That's when I spotted the iii-store
camera. buzz-whirringits ownscmi-circle

on its little trrick high in a corner. And I
sort of came to. noticing a draft on my
bare legs. aware of a cold St. Anthony
against my chest and the register keys-
spellirig sortie indeciplierablc llrriille
rnessagcagainst my toes. Smiling in what
I hoped would pass as recovery. I hopped
down into the snarl of register tripe. The
machine cluttered once more:

“Wt. 2|0 lbs. Fortune: He who hates
his tapes is lost."

And do you know‘.’ I never even made

 

 

the door. J
PAGE 3A

 

  
   
 

