 

   

liberal learning. The above proposal should be
understood as our response onlyto those aspects of
liberal learning which we feel can be addressed
through University regulations. Indeed. there are
additional weaknesses which cannot be corrected
_rhrough legislation. but which the Committee feels
are of primary importance to the success of the
following recommendations for ongoing
commitments from the University's faculty and

on behalf of undergraduate

  
   
       

if (on the hill opposite the gym) I
I ‘ 48 r8571 .

 
 
  
  

.7'  JEWISH STUDENTS COALITION

 

' ' Shabbat Servrces - , . .. , .

a . i o administration
. Friday Evenings & Saturday Mormngs gamma...

v  I. Undergraduate Curriculum
‘ I I a. Each college shotrld continuously review rind

assess its cotirse offerings to determine if it is

providing non-majors with curricular choices titat
foster the goals of liberal lerirning. Colleges are
encouraged to undertake such a review during the

I977-7tl academic year to identify irrcas ofsrrengths

and weakness in regard to serving non-majors.
_‘ and then to publish reports listingtltosc courses that

are intended for non-majors. rind the ways in which
. these courses fulfill the goirls of liberal learning.
Subsequently. criclr college should _nttempt to
correct rtny perceived weaknesses in its curriculum
through appropriate ridditions and revisions.
b. Erich college slrotrld identify or develop several
to be designated as “University courses."
' should:

Obe designated to inform rind stimulate students
majoring in disciplines outside of the college;

Ostrcss the relevance of one or Ittore disciplines to
appropriate aspects of contemporary life:

Oprovidc a sense of perspective concerning the
relationship of one or more disciplines to other
lields of inquiry:

Oencourage the student to develop a basis for
thinking about the subject that will permit frrrthcr
exploration of the lield. either independently or
through further course work:

lirtclude a writing competency component;

Obc developed and tatrgltl by those faculty
ntcrnhers who are most errtlrtisiastic about and
successful iit teaclrirtg undergraduate students. (this
would possibly involve team teaching):

  

    
 
  
 

' LUTHERAN CAMPUS MINISTRY

  
   
   
  
  

 
 
  
  

 

The Holy Eucharist
Sundays at 9:00 am.
Feast Days to be announced

  
 
 
 
 

 
  
 
 

 
 
   

PROTESTANT MINISTRY

          
  

    
 
  

  

Worship Services
Sundays - 3 pm.

 

    

    
   
    
   
   
    

CHRIST OUR BROTHER NEWMAN
ASSOCIATION

    
     
   
 

CALL FOFI  FREE TRIAL:

438- —Nautilus—

The Celebration of the Mass
Saturdays — 6:30 pm.
I, Sundays.- ll. I:IS & 6:30 pm.

 

 
   
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  

 

 

      
    

  
    
 

 

 
   
    
   
 

    

     

    
      
      
     
 

  
 

 
  
   

        
 
  
   

  
 
 

  
 

 
            

 

           
   
 

 
    
   

 

work within the same department. Whili
introductory courses generally-survey all elements
of a ﬁeld. the substantive content of University
courses should focus on a limited number of
concepts. issues and questions presented‘in‘such a
way as to help the student master strategies of
inquiry into the subject ﬁeld. This approach will
stress thinking and writing as it will the student's
mastering of speciﬁc content. We envision
University courses being offered at different levels
of sophistication and being taken by students at
different times during their undergraduate careers.
At any level. however. a Unlversityeourscshould be

both stimulating and challenging to the non-major. .

(See Appendix VI for examples of what the
committee considers University courses.)

The Committee has called for the creation of
University courses withing each college as It means
of approaching the goals of liberal learning. In this
effort. each college must trike responsibility.
Hopefully. some of the University courses will
contain material going beyond a speciﬁc college‘s
sprin of interest. 'i'hese courses will have to be
reviewed by the newly formed Committee on
interdisciplinary Studies.

We lrrrve previously pointed out that the goals of
liberal learning are somewhat idealistic rind. like
moral issues. means of achieving them almost defy
legislation. We mtisl. however. continually look for
a way to address the essential spirit of liberal
learning. The Committee rs confident that among
the faculty tltcre exists a true sense of excitement
about learning. the expression ofwhich. we feel. can
be facilitated in the context of University courses
more so that in traditiortal offerings. Witen faculty
are creative rind entlttisiastic. they tertd to inspire
their students toward the ideals of liberal learning.
We also see Iltc development of these courses Its an
opportunity lor facttlty to look beyond a single

' discipline or department.

We feel that the benefits to be be derived frornthc
development oi University courses warrant the
administration's support by such means as
lacilitirting the grrirrtiitg of release time to faculty
rrtertihers. providing for sharing of F'I'E‘s among
participating dcpnrttrtents. rind rcallocating

5..

       

. titetlt

In tltc ('omrnitlcc‘s discussions. Ill written
suggestions and responses front tire University
cornntuttily. arid during the open nteeting(May ll).
|977). a major topic of concern to students. faculty.
artd tidtttinistrators \’il5 the need for an informed.
effective adviscrtrertt procedure to support any
recommendations Ior II strengthened liberal
learning program. We recognize tltat budgetary
constraints ltavc had It significant impriet on the
advisentent strtictirrc at tltis University. However.
we believe that. wrtliirt available resources. every
ei‘lort should be made to provide meaningful face-
to—lacc corrtircts hetwuert students artd advisors.

It. The Committee recommends that each
Department develop and supply It) interested
students detailed written information on its
programs that will redircc the need for adviscrnertl
crirttticls regarding ourirte mrrttcrs. thus leaving
:rrlrrsor's‘ ltlllL' Ir'ec lor' consultation on more
stth\trilitr\c matters. More detailed descriptions rrl
program goals and r'cqtttr'ctttenis. possible
\tll‘lsilllllltrlts Irrr‘ tct|tlltctl courses. and rin_\
lt‘t‘tlllliliClltlL‘tl sequence ol courses could he
irtriirslicd in this on).

ii llre toinrrrtltcc \lt|l|)0ll\ the proposal
prvparcii it_\ i lll\t‘l\ll\ ( ollcgc that pr'o\rdcs Ior
iirioitnntririi \t‘sslttlls \t'\ci.|l trliics .i
cornpirrt-rassured .lrl\tscrllcttl .llltl rriiorrnairori
it'lllt'htl. pccr ittl\t\t’lllL'lll Ill Department.
rrlrciit.tliort scssirrlis lot Iic\\ Instructors. rcniti’tl
sllllt'llllt' lot l.irtrll\ ttdttscritcrit. etc
i \\ riling

\lt'tllllt'H irl tltc (oirirrultcc :irrtl otlicl lrrcttlty
tt'sptititltttg to our tlllL'\IltIII\ arid |ttL'IIlllllliti)
proposals c\plcssct| strong concern otcr lltc pool
urrtrrig .rlnitt\ ol rir.iri\ undergraduate students.
hpci'rlrt tIt’llIlth‘tlt'lL’\ Irotcrl Ill these comments
riiclridc poor spelling and grammar. rn.rlnlrt\ to
coristrtrtt .rri orgrtrir/cd sentence or paragraph. and
lock ol Ililillillt.’ III proper orgrtirr/ntron .ind
doctrriicritutrori ol research papers. l\ltlrough
crirolliircnt III .III | irglislr composition cotrrseoouid
irllc\ratc sortie oi these problems. the rcqrirrcrrtcnt oi
sttt‘lt .t course I\ clearly IIIIIIIIIL'IICIII rind \\tllll(l lernc
other problems tonirnrttcc
discussed oilth .lplllrhlt‘llLN. Including plriccrrrent
C\ttllitllillltriis ltrlt‘sl \sittrrtgskills. non-credit or ion
ci‘cdit t‘tltll|)tr\Ilttrll t'ollrscs. slltlll-lL'llll Ictircdriil
\vrrtirig clinics or \Irrrorts skill |c\e|s. ltiil did not
\rrtglc oirt any oi tlrcsc We “lsll. however. to
encourageirrcrrlty lo rrrcrcrisetlie number or written
exercises in .is rririm L‘tllliEsL' as possible. especially
in l‘rrrvcrsrn courses. as plissrltle. especially to
l Iritcrsrtv courses. as previously riteiitrrtried
CONCLUSION

t'nrnntruce to Review the

lsper'rcricc eorrrpieted its
deliberarroits in rind-May. llre proposal and
recorrrincrrdattorts contained irercrrr are now
commended to the llrtrrersity community lt)l
consideration and irrrtlter deliberation by various
crriirpirs groups. ilre process by which the
('ornritrlee worked was deliberately open. to
encourage participation from rill who are concerned
\vrtlr undergraduate education. Continued open
discussion at the undergraduate experience crirt bea
prrrnriry long- range henclit of otir work. keeping
important issues in focus rirtd servtngto further
clarify and prorrrrrlgrrtc the essential spirit ofltbei'rtl
education.

\L'IIIC‘ICI'.

irri.rdrlrcsscd llte

lire Special
Undergraduate

APPENDIX I. BACKGROUND MATERIAL

‘ During October and November. I976. the
Committee's main eon n was to gather. read and
discuss outside material related to curriculum and
liberal education: chapters from books. articles
from numerous sources. mainlzy the New York
Tich and the Chronicle of Higher Education. and.
most interesting of all. recent reports by prestigious
universities: President's Reports from John
Hopkins and Yale Universities; reports from
committees similar to SCRUE at Middlebury.
Harvard and (much more recently) Cornell.

During the same period. members of the
Committee read discus‘sed existing SUN YA
(lit-unreal: related to liberal education. among

others the “CURE Proposal." and especially the
In st recent ones: the EPC recommendation
(.Imuary I6. I976) and the document from the
Undergraduate Curriculum Committee of UAC
rejecting these recommendations (May 3. I976).

In October I976. the Committee as a whole met
jointly with the Undergrrtduatc Academic Council
for a background session with Vice President
Martin on the problems of undergraduate
education. At ll later date (February l5 and I6.
I977). Chairperson Ortrrli attended a Conference on
Ut’llt‘rll/ Education held in Albany. cltaired by then
SUNY Vice-Chancellor Loren Ilriritz. with the
partieipatiort of many SUNY crimpuscs
(Ilingliamton. Iluffitlo. l’lattsburgh. I’ottsdam.
etc). Ortrili tltert briefed the Committee on the
progress of tire work of committees similrrr to
SCRUE on these campuses. An important result of
the Conference was a rnento frorn Vice-Chancellor
Iltirit/ to all campus presidents. eitlt copy to
Chairman Oriali. which reads in part:

"Perhaps the most important form of help all
administration can give is to say cicarl y. and to carry
our in action wherever possible. the principle that
teaching in It general education program is as
iritporirirrt as arty other forrtt of faculty rietivity for
the prttposcs oi evaluation for promotion. tenure.
leaves. and the like. 'llrc Committee members
agreed that administrations should try to gain
support for this principle tltrotigltotrt the faculty."

“Exactly parallel istlre support and visible reward
that should be given to faculty who serve as
crrrrictilun iidvisors and counselors. Indeed it
appears tltrit It truly cl'lcctive adv ng progrartt. one
which goes beyortd the there satisfaction oi'degree
requirements irrtti the design of eoltcrent and
appropriate individual plans of st tidy. is itself one of
the good ways to go itbtittt making it possible for
every student to gain a general education."

Ortitli. irt March. I977. examined the three rear
[I/Ilm of all departments of the three colleges ol the
liilivcrsity aiid excerpted for the Committee the
portions related to general education. possible
requirements and interdisciplinary studies.

APPENDIX ll: COMMENTS AND
SUGGESTIONS FROM THE UNIVERSITY
COMMUNITY
'oon as it was formed. tltc Committee began
stritiilg to obtain as rrtaity comments and
suggestions as possible front the University
community ()rr October 25. I976. it sent to
"I‘ut‘tllly. Students arid Administrators of the
('oliegc of Arts arid Sciences" Iirt iI/lt‘ll lt'lli'l' which
i‘c'id irt part,

"lirr- [Itll‘ptrscs ol tlrrs letter are. iirsi. to seek
rrrirrce Irorn the rrcarlcrnrc community on what it
pct ited to lte tlrc gorrls til the lilrcrtrll) educated
person. rind second. to help rtlelrtrly iiltcrrtiilne
ri\ctrues to reach these goals. . l‘tll installer: ortc
avenue Itt‘tlllL'llIl) suggested is the re-cstaltiisitrnent
ril distribution rcqtiiicrncrrts. Iirts Is ccrtrirttl) tillL'
riltcritiitne. lllil there are others its well. We solicit
your assistance In discovering Ilicse :iltcrrttttites."

llic letter \\.I\ sent to crrcir |.iciiil_\ rtteirther and
iidiririristraior oi tlret Ab and to.iil \ititlL'lIl lCtttIt'ls
lIcctiiisc no \Illtlt'lil had :rrisueicd the letter.
rtclsrlltfltlnlr [\tllillsllt‘tl rirtlrc lS/‘ri personal
letter (November lit'. I‘)7trl "going the students on
this cattlpth .rrrorhcr opportuintt to tend the
t'sscntttil [hills oi illc orgrirril letter" and trrgrirgtlrein
“to l.lbclll|\ opportrtrirlt ioslrripctthcttlottnlutiirc
lt_v ollcr‘riig tthcir ) Ideas on what it Irbcittl education
\lltillltl he " llrclc were 2‘) written responses to hot It
letters Iii letters lrorri lactiin Irrerrtlters. one rrl
“Inch \\.rs \IllllL'tl hi tr Illsllllt‘ltlH. I letters Irom
adminrxtiators. and X letters lr'orrt students All
letters ncrc [tctstrlhtlh trrlkrroulcdged It) ()I‘trili

Among lllcst' lt'llt'ts. lh‘ laror‘crl some sort oi
requirements. " trpprrsctl them. and 4 had various
other suggestions

I-rorn the middle oi Norrrribcr to the cird ol
December. I‘li'o. the ('ontrnitiec Invited various
Individuals to appear heiore it. 'I lresc persons had
err her sent in a written statement requesting to speak
with ilrc Committee or Irrrd special backgrounds
which the (‘ornntittee lell would be helpful. Douglas
Alexander. (‘ltrirrperon of an Advisory Committee
on lriternrrtrrrrtril Studies. discussed the
international aspect ol liberal education; John
(ierber aitrl Leonard I.crrnari. respectively
Chairpersons ol the linglislr and Biology
Departments. discussed the intpaet that different
proposals considered by the Committee would have
on their vrrstly rlill’eiertt departments; Mauritl
Johnson of the School of Education gave the
Comrrtittce his point of view as curriculum and
instruction specialist; (ieorge Frangos discussed his
experience at the Iornter Allen Center. where he was
in charge of curriculum and liberal education:
Robert Garvin discussed the perspective and
problems of courses with an interdisciplinary
approach. such tlli' his llU-ISO (Cultural Diversity

A .

 

 

 

liberal education. discussed ,

later date. Kendal Baker. adotibleymlj

and music. related‘ltll experience with the rdlsuligﬂ

principle.” r y. r - g '
Ini'March. I977. the ASP. on iti own initi

(March I8) and subseque

of “Results.” The Edit

    
  
  
     

Committee would have worded the I
differently. it found the results and their analyli
thegASPinteresting and informative. . ' I

Approximater l00 students answered the
questionnaire. A little more than half answered yes.
sometimes with reservations to the question:
"Would you favor leaving the system as it now
stands—the complete absence of distribution,
requirements?" The remainder answered "ml" and
favored some kind of distribution requirements.
Some of the most signiﬁcant results. a: reported!»
the ASP. were: .

65 per cent said that they were not satisﬁed with
the quality of advisement. The complaints were
fairly well distributed among both University
College ridvisors and major ﬁeld advisors.

A point that gathered near-unanimous support
was the statement that the freedom to choose
courses is a basicstudcnt right. Oddiyenough. many
of those agreeing here went on to speak in favor of
course requirements. One went so far as to write:
“This is not a conflict.“

Over 95 per cent disagreed with the idea of
distance requirement~-that is. forcing a student's
major and minor to come from widely differing
ﬁelds.

There is it 50-50 split over whether or not English
Itii) should he a required course . . . Whereas 65 per
cent said they were stilisfied with their present level
of writing. over 70 per cent complained about the
quality of the wrrrk of their fellow students.

The possibility of interdisciplinary courses its
requirements seems to be a viable one: with only 58
per cent still . ayirtg no. it‘s el liut to offer those
eours ‘ on an optionirl bit as well as more
cxtcn ve courses for anti-majors. is to attract
overwhelming support 92 per cent and 94 per cent.
respectively. '

     

APPENDIX Ill: RESPONSES TO THE
OMMITTEE'S PROPOSALS

Besides its speciﬁc proposals. the Committee
indicated or implied in the document sent on
May 6. I977. that it would welcome reaction from
the University commtinity concerning two specific
problems on which it had not taken a finalposition:

OShoiild the proposals related to the B.A. be
extended to the II.S.'.’

OWould it be advisable for departments to devise
some “structured second fields." in order. among
other things. to dirninishrhe burden of advisement?
Written Responses

The Cornrrtrttcc received l9 written responses.
varying irt length iroitt one to six pages. Some of
Iltcrir were reecivctl alter the deadline and cotrld itot
be discussed at the last meeting of the full
('ornrniticc. bill are alluded to. when at it” possible.
irt this report. More rsrhc hreakdownol tltetinsw s:
larcultt 14 letters (one letter signed by nine
instructors). :rdrnirirsir'riror‘s three. students two.

. Among the written responses. three opposed
ht'ltl i-‘s prrrrtrrsrtls rn tltcrr entirely as being rttticlr
too Irrtrrd toward drsrrrbiiirorr requirements: tert
c\ptcssctl slitrrlg reservations hoiit the proposal
concerning the drstrrrtcc between mirror and second
lrcltl: six cypr‘cssctl a strong concern about writing
ttlrr‘cc proposed some sort oi piirccrnent
malnutrition diirrirg the lr'eslrrnrrrr year). Only one
irrtsuer addressed itself to tlic possibility of
"\II tier tired second Ircids" derived by the
departments. and rejected ll. Although only two
\\t‘ltlcll rcsport. s took uptherrnponrirtt question of
the extension ol tlte ('ornrnrtlee's proposals to thc
ILS. lllt'lt' comments. as well as Ittrrst of the oral
comments during t he opcrt meeting. wholeheartedly
rigrdde “till the principle of the extension. 0n the
lirst part rrl tltc proposal(“strntulus courses"). both
\tr'riicrt responses and oral corrtriicrrts showed
agreement. with an occasiortrrl expression of
scepticism corrccrririig Ilterr rritpicmcnttition. Two

 

 

u r rlteit responses and proposed two new"goals“ for -

ri liberally educated person. in addition to the six
dcrtsed hy the Committee; both were accepted wit It
rrrtrror changes rirttl are included in this report.
l-iitrrlly. one written answer proposes the re-
:suiblisltrneni of foreign language requirements.

Open Meeting (May I0. I977)

'I lie open meeting lasted airnost three hours and
was Irttertded by approximately 25 persons. the
rtrajorily ol' whoirt were students. The Committee
was pleased with the generally Iriglt level of the
discussion. with the courtesy. and often the good
humor. which cltarricteri/cd It. This meeting
permitted a fruitful exchange between students and
frictrlty merttbers. One strident member of the
Committee went as frrr as saying that “it was the
most gratifying evening (he) had during (his) four
years on this campus."

Wltrit was most remarkable duringthediscussion
was the great number of questions. mainly asked by
students. which related to advisement. obviously a
vexing problent on campus. in general. comments
on the Committee‘s proposals expressed at the
nteeting paralleled those received iIt writing.

continued on page 9.1

 

        

    

 
 

 s ble streitgtllr: “large lectures.
inulti-rne in presentation.
       wmmfs no strelr thing as a “general
I 55 Colvln Ave.. Albany edrrcation coir Such a corrrse must be judged
I “not on the bit s ol' the material it presents or the
I ‘ level of technical sophistication with which it
engages the subject. but rather on the qurrlity of
8 attention it exacts from the studertt.“‘
 f lUniversity colursfls. lllllclitfcd for norrpttajo‘rﬁ
l. ' ’ O b h ll“:- rrlg’ gergcr‘rr ye  ltlclltl I retrrrrrertzprr s. ‘\‘\y'l
t- n R c  Wou Idn t It e a 5 am e ? ,; fillirriﬁﬂi';12112.32. v.assessors.arias
i . . ' Courses are tll‘IL‘rCtI-Wlllllll‘tl department to prepare
I students to take increasingly spectalt/ed course
I . Consider . . .
l: tomato lltl Irrlttrmlhi lrrsprti or all.” outta... or... .r.
i loll r... .r .u...r....r . wow...
i
I I 9   I, h H   H  l  If I: he following as its only
as part of the degree
i I duate students pursuing
o  . You’re only In college . y of the three new colleges
/ a Short I'me' east nine credits in each of
l ' _ college of his or her major.
' r n from among specially
ti! NOIIIIWGSI Lounge DI the ’ or from other courses of
r r - nt.”
f; Campus Center First Floor
A
l   -  UE report to:
4i
' t
i i
1 r
5
I I
Wouldn t It be a Shame
, if all ou at was a de ree?
. ; All tax-paying students are members. Come and browse. y g g ' é
7' funded by student association ,
, ’ ii? II» 2. 1977

 

w. s. was; “Mose.
. . wMWmm...srm.—.M..aen m w. -n... ...

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

...—a’w«i~mu.t.«‘«

FAG 7A

 

 

   

 

     
 
  
  
   
 
 
 
    
   
     

 

 

 

 

 

   

    

   
   
        
        
     
    
    
    
  
    
 
    
      

    
  
 
  
 
     
 

   
  
 
    

 
   
     
   
       
   
 
   
    
       
   
   
  
 
        
    
    

     

    

     
      
       
        

    
       
   
   
      
    
  
  
 

   
          
        
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
  

 

