 
   

   
  
 
  
 

   
  
 
 
 

 

 

 

 
 

M : rob‘usjofourop

 

is anothersideto‘iheCo not ’

all. He. is aniadmirable rage-pine: nit“ vivid
imagination; One would expect that his nighttime
' conjurings are as ‘colorful and cunning-as his daytime
character. The following report is rumored to have

1-. taken place on a Campus. an'ter: couch as the

Commissionerpappcd one Wednesday.

 I was sitting "across from His Efficiency noting a
slight smile crossinghis lips its-he arranged’his cards.
Opposing us were“ 5". Coffeeand’ll Cone. two local
experts. Coffee. sitting Southgopened one notrump.
Cone raised to three. ending the auction and I led the
spade ten. As he tabled the-dummy. Cone said. “I
decided to take a skip on giving you an invitation to
Hgame and’ hid it myself." Coffee nodded with approval
as he won with the spade king and led a diamond.

Film Flashes
Bad News Bears

By DAVID SYLVES'I'I-ZR

Unless you have. at some time. managed a little
leagttc team this movie will probably not have any
special meaning for you. Unlike some movies. Bar]
News Baum does not leave a bad taste in your mouth or
reaffirm everything you held to be true. The movie
sintply takes place. It‘s a story about some very
unlikely heroes. who probably don't see themselves as
heroes. and how they learn some very hard lessons.

ll yot go to see Ball News" Bears this weekend
because you hayc nothing better to do or because all
your friends are going watch out! You‘re goingto come
away wishing it was your idea to go see this first rate
"TUNE.

Walter Matthau is'a boozing old minor league

baseball player who never made it with the New York
Yankees. He is paid by a local politician to manage a
little league team of misfits and brats. all the kids who
couldn‘t play on any other team in the'league. And it‘s
easy to see why; not only are their abilities lacking. but
at the team‘s first practice the manager istold to shut
up. go to hell and drop dead. By the way. none ofthese
kids is over twelve years old.
The season starts off bad and gets worse as the Bears-
waste no time in becoming “the team to beat when you
haven't been playing well and need a big game to boost
moral." After the team's third game. an embarrassing
loss to the White Sox. one player says “We can't even
beat the worst team in the league," to which his
teammate replies "Nope. second worst tcam." “Oh
yeah. i forgot."

Such is the state of things until Tatum O‘Nealjoins
the team as their star pitcher. On the strength of her
right arm the Bears become the terror of the league
(they even score a run in one game and Win Hi) and
move into a playoff spot. But it‘s still not enough.
Using all the possible charm a twelve year old can
manage. Tatum goes out and lures the local
troublemaker (and best athlete) onto the team. This
makes the Bears “bad news" for anyone they play and a
cinch to win the championship.

It would be a waste ol'time to talk about this movie
in terms of the quality of acting. camera work and so
forth. Walter Matthau is convincing in his role as a
grumpy old ballplayer and that is enough because the
rest of the time you‘re too busy watching a bunch of
kids wreak havoc on and off the ﬁeld.

The movie makes use of every little league cliche
possible: little league “Mom and Dads" who know
"nothing about anything and less about baseball". big
sisters who go to the game to simultaneously watch and
embarrass their kid brother. and fathers who try to
impress their sons (and the rest of the community) by
being the manager of their son's little league team.
These arc'real gems for anyone who has ever played in
the little league.

But the movie doesn't focus on this. It gets to be an
ugly ..orld at times and the real beauty of the movie is
Lhat we get to see it through a child's eyes.

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE 2A

 

.. -8. , tenr   ss _
park . ducked oothly witth‘e. seven spot.‘“lt

‘  ;_, looks like we:  'meant to make'overtricks”.,, 
" remarked Cofl'eer‘asrhe entered his hand with a spade

(ducked by‘me'). The ‘marked‘ diamond ﬁnesse was

‘ repeated (alter alliLl could hold four to the queen) and '

the Commissioner, produced the missing honor with a

loaf guffaw. Coffee’s j'tiwilropped to the floor, Cone '

shrugged. the Commissioner fired back a spade to my
winners. After cashing out. tied the queen and another
cvlub.vDeclarer.won.a couple of-aces. but the.defense
prevailed and thé‘iOG point penalty was scored. “You

had eleven tricks off the top," gloated the’
Commissioner. “but you only chose to take in five. If I '

knew that you overbid like that all the time I would
double more often.” Coffee and Cone clenched their
lists in rage. but the High Commissioner knew that it

I.

 

 

 

 

West (me)  ' i -- East (Commissioned
.Al0986 732..-
_'654 "'WKJVIO
e 9 3 2 ' ' ' ' ' Q7
O ()2 ‘ ‘ K J 10 85
, South: (Coffee)
_ c K OJ 1 r
p 0 AU 9 a -
O 8 4
O A] 4 3- ‘
The Bidding
North -’ East. 4 South Wm
—-’ ﬁg g  I no "ump ptm
3 no trump pass , jpass mm
Vul—North South ,. ,.
Dealer—south . opening lead: ll) of spades

 

was time to wake up. It was his dream, you I .
and he wanted it to end happily.

The bridge group is still alive and awaiting your
presence. Beginners lessons are at 6:00 pm. and the

game begins at 7:00. We'play in CC 375. e\et_\llungi5
free. and all are welcome. For more information. can
Larry Cohen at 7-40l4 or Tom at 7-7953.

 

 

 

 

 

George Benson Makes Big

NEW YORK (AP) For a man with one ofthe hottest
record albums on the charts this year. George Benson
is something of a contradiction. He‘s cool. Realcool.

His album, “Breezin.” has sold well over a million
copies and has been certified platinum. In the record
business. that‘s better than a king's ransom of gold.
And for a jazz recording to sell that well is rare indeed.

But the 33 year-old guitarist isn't sitting still
collecting his percentage and basking in the warmth of
fame. No. Benson is in a quiet state of shock.

“The lasting effect of that album is unbelievable by
all standards." he says. “In the past We sold a few
thousand albums. but now l'm selling a million."

The smile of the Cheshire Cat intrudes on Benson's
otherwise still demeanor. “Wow,” he laughs.

“i wasn‘t really doing had before ‘Breezin' came
out." he continues. “I was packing halls and clubs.and
I had respect from my fellow musicians. But something
was missing~that commerctal success."

Benson is certainly not the firstjazz musician to opt
for a middle-of—thc-road sound to reach ﬁnancial
success. Nor will he be the last.

“Breczin” may not be pure jazz. but it is reaching a
much wider audience than otherjazzalbums haveThe
mood is lyrical rather than funky. romantic rather than
energetic. The improvisation is more relaxed and
almost predictable, which distresses somejan purists.

All People Interested In Writing
For Aspects 0r Weekend

Attend A Meeting This Sunday At 7:00 pm. In Campus Center;
(Present Writers Included!)

Assignments Will Be Given Out At This Meeting
For more information contact Aspects Editor Marc Arkind

“I can't pttt a label on it -—I like pretty " Mt."
Benson says. “But i would have a veryshort m l Ill
Just played pretty music. I don‘t belictc tn 'ri..\\ili

fanaticism. l‘m not completely sold t)n_)tlsl one in n.- of
music. I listen to everything.“

Although Benson was nominated in the rut-m ( its
Rock Music Awards as the Best New Male \tvtdllsl.
he‘s hardly a new vocalist. He‘s been SlllL'illtl on
records. since he was a child. l i

“i let the people define the music~~l don‘t." ll'.‘ ms
“I Just don't see too much distinction any mote \utnc
songs cut 20 years ago'suddenly sound good liHLl‘r it
really depends on the environment.

“So instead ol'controlling mttsic. I try to pi.i\ .- mt’x
gotng on now. We havetolive a little more than ".‘sl for
today.“

Benson ltrst sought refuge in the guitar \\ hen t:.- »\.|\
9. But his love affair with plucking began in no
earlier when he started playing the ukelele

“When my hands got large my tnothcr hung;t ' t
Slb guitar.“ he says. “I like the sound ol the 3.-
likc pretty sounds. not volume."

‘ He didn‘t study music formally llts Itillit'! ‘
him a few chords and on his own he “as able '
what he heard on radio.

Benson descrtbcs himself as an unorthmlm tn ' ‘ "

srnce he plays entirely by ear.

   

i .; ‘

32

 

 

0' “social” Aspects Editors Dorothy Zelln or Jon Penn at 457-21%

ALBANY swunnmrnass

s

MARCH 11. 1977

 

 

ay sons DONOHUE And am. strut.“
Hey! When was the last time you tried a five-man lift

on your dorm director? Have you ever ridden a
tricycle through a snowbank or climbed palm trees in

: downtown Albany? These are just a few of the exciting
j reasons why we failed our Bio midterm. Do not turn
' the page yet, this article is far from finished.

Results from recentsurveys on Dutch Quad revealed
significant ' student interest in establishing a
newfangled living area. The surveys were designed to

and proposals for residence. Of the four suggested,

to Dr. John Welty who made this all possible.)
Students‘ main interests seemed to be inthese three
areas: l. Camping, hiking bicycling, skiing, intramural
sports, 2.! exercise classes and physical fitness
programs, 3. ping pong, board game tournaments.
backgammon,cards and television hour. The students
will determine the success of the Recreation Hall by
their involvement with a diversity of programming.
Would you feel more comfortable living in a section
where residents shaped the future of their environment
together? Students can create attitudes and develop
skills to progress toward strongly directed community
action. Programs and activities can be provided which
meet the educational, personal, social, and

By LINDA FREID
Centered on floors nine through l4 of Mohawk
Tower, the Department of Public Administration is a
steadily growing segment of the School of Public

,Affairs. The department’s ideal location in New York

State‘s capital city has aided it in becoming a leading
school in the country for students working for Masters
degrees. or Doctoratcs in Public Administration.

“The main thrust of the Public Administration
program.“ ‘stated Department Chairman Orville
Poland, “is to train people for public service.“

“One thing that distinguishes this frotn what they
had bcl'tirc is that it is a professional oriented program
rather than a discipline oriented program. Therefore,
the thrust of the workis more practical," Poland said.

“The second thing is subject matter. Public
Administration has two concerns: One, is how to
implement policy. The second concern is how to
analyze matters to aid policy makers in decision
making, therefore the major focus ofthc ﬁeld is in the
executive branch and how it should operate to achieve
certain values," he continued.

Students graduating with degrees in Public
Administration find jobs in the state service, county
and municipal government. consulting firms, the
federal government. teaching, “they go all over!" said
Adams.

Almost all gradUates get jobs.

“That's one of the nice things about it.“ Poland
remarked. “The state government used to be a good
source of‘johs. increasingly we‘re able to place people
in local government.“

He. noted that last June grad uatcs were placed as far
as Houston, Texas. “l feel we ought to have more and
better relations with the federal government," He
added.

According to (Associate) Professor Virgil
/.itnmet'man. “The job market for doctorates is very
good in this field."

“The credential itself appears to have been
valuable,“ agrees Hawkins. "There'sa teaching market
in schools of Public Affairs for the DPA.“

'l he doctoral program is still relatively small. with 37
sluicttts in W76 as compared to 231 in the Masters

program. I

“We are continuously trying to build it up,"
explained Adams. “We haven’t had as many new

American doctoral students as we'd like." A great

Edi Ior‘s N are: This is thcjirst in a series an the SUN YA
apartment of Public A dministration.

 

L’i

MARCH 11, 1977

explore student ideas for the initiation of new projects-

(Exit Hall. Drama Hall. Language Hall 'and ’
' Recreation Hall) the Recreation Hall received
: sufficient warranted response that‘wcfelt enthusiastic
. about proposing it to the Office of Residence. (Thanks

      
  
 
  
 
   

.'  if t l i
- ' tit-ti hit?)

\ .

   
   
     

  
   

members. I 1

This recreation hall is not designed to be a pseudo-
summer camp. The residents should be committed
toward the common goals of the section. This‘can be
achieved through recreational programming
‘sponsored by individual(s) inthe section. Such student-
initiat'ed programming provides opportunity for
personal growth and development of leadership skills.
Residents are expected to take an active part in self-
govcrnment. for example. attending town meetings
(chaired by rotating leaders) on a regular basis.

it has been proposed that one half of Ten Eyck Hall
on Dutch Quad be allotted for the Recreation Hall.
The basement lounge is an ideal location for exercise
classes and other recreational programs (ping pong,

School of Public Affairs
' Receives Nationwide Recognition

number of the doctoral students come from other
countries.

The Department of Public Administration sends
descriptive letters to seniors with grade-point averages
of 3.0 or higher. “We look for;_on the average, graduate
record scores in at least the upper half in both verbal
and quantitative.“ said Poland. “We have one of the
highest average scores of the departments here at
SUNYA for admissions."

Prospective applicants are preferred to have a
combined URE score in the neighborhood of l200. in
the case of those who have been out of school, work
experience is taken into consideration.

“We'would probably prefer to have a wide range of
backgrounds,“ Poland elaborated, “if you haven‘t had
political science we teach you political science. if you
haven‘t had statistics, we teach you statistics. We have,
in a sense, no prerequisites.“

“The requirements did go through a full faculty vote
and are fairly well established.“ noted Adams. “They
have to have at least a B average. Actually what we are
trying to get is people who are at least in the top halfof
their graduating class."

Hawkins feels, “The level of quality has certainly
increased markedly over the past five or six years.“

The Masters program consists of twelve courses-a
three semesters for a full-time student. Students who
have not had any administrative experience are
encouraged to take internships, thus increasing it to a
four semester program.

Most of the internships are paid and many lead to
job offers. There is an ample supply due to the
proximity of the state government.

“You couldn't have a program like this in an area
that didn't have government," observed Poland.

“This school was originally founded as a school for
New York State employees. it operated for about 20
years and got a very good reputation." said
Zimmerman.

“The school existed before the University existed,"
explained Hawkins. “it was not connected with the
tcachers‘ college which preceded SUNY Albany."

Poland continued, "At one time the field was a
subfield in Political Science. In many universities
Public Administration is part of the Political Science.
This is becoming increasingly less so."

The department‘s 14 faculty members hold degrees
in economics, political science. sociology. and
psychology. to name a few. Poland described-them u
“people whocomc‘froinza' lot of different backgrounds,
but. all focusing 'on'tiyr'iw government would work.”

This div I

   

 

 

   

Ton Eyck Hell. on Dutch Quad, lo the proposed alto of ‘ .
program of activities from camping and filling. to. plug pong ond‘tolovlclon hour.

recreational interests and needs of all community '

'itvWitsraiiio‘falritaawm. : 

 
  

  
   

‘M. .mL 1, \ '-

ammonailoncontortootton

 
     
 
  
 
  
 
 
   
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
    
    
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
   
   
 
  
 
 
   
 
  
   
  
 
   
   
 
  
  
   
  
      
  
 
  
   
   
 
  
  
  
  
   

etc.). Since there are only 32 spaces available, “first
come. first served." A strong desire for wanting to'live
here is required; _ ' ' ‘ ,.

Application forms will be available at the
Mandatory Interest Meeting on March to. at 9:00 p.‘m.
in the Dutch Quad Penthouse. The topics of discussion
will be the nature ofthe program, the application form,
student commitments and self-government. The
selection process will begin with a lottery system
according to the following priorities: a) three person
rooms, b) two person rooms. 3) individuals. Full suite
sign-up will not be considered.

If you have any questions they may be directed to
Bill Skelley at 7-7987. Nora Donohue at 7-7821 or Roe
Dorris at 7-7639.

3;

  

Chairman of the Public Administration
Department Orvlllo Poland. '

‘”The faculty comes from all kinds of previous
disciplines,“ related Hawkins. “The result is that we
lack. fortunately. any basis forconilict between people
who are members of the same discipline."

“There are some policy or strategy disagreements,
but I would say there is a very wholesome friendly
attitude among the faculty," expressed Zimmerman.

Adams agreed. “i guess that this is one of the, more
congenial departments." ' v '

Approximately 40 classes are offered each semester. '
ranging from seminar size to some accommodating its
many as 40 students. . '.

Each MPA student must choose one‘ of - the
department‘s seven concentrations: Administrative
Management. Public Finance, Urban Concentration,
Human Resources. Comparative and international
Administration. Legislative Administrat_ion.‘.and
Management Science. Legislative Administration, the
neWcst field, “has turned out to be pretty popular." said
Poland.

“There's a running argument in the department,"
remarked Professor Lester Hawkins, “as to whether we
haven't perhaps got too many of these specialities."

(Associate) Professor Harold Adams thinks. "two
would be about right. If l had my way, l'd have one
part concerned with internal agency management and
one part that was conceer with external evaluation
of programs.”

“You should be equipping these people with skills'.
You should also equip them with understanding," he
continued. ‘ . 2 . .

A -“Wc teach three undergraduate"
Hawkim- which. are i- kind. dint

    

    

  

 

 

 

 

 

    

courm'wbich  requliebt‘our MPA'

 

 
   
 

 

 

     

