 

   

 
 

 

    

 
 
   
 
  

‘c aces and kings on the way.

:‘West: led his partner‘s suit.-snd'when NM >
my canté down it was apparent that deelarer
had to find the diamond queen to make his
contiact. South Won the club and drew trumps
in two roundgfl‘hree rounds, of spades follow.-
"ih‘ iboth opponents following ‘ suit.
hen paused todo some counting.
, titpt presumably marked him with
tseven clubs. He alsoshowed-up with

 

      
 

, two/‘Ihearts and th'ree’spades. That left room
f" for at 'inost one diamond; Following this

deduction. declarer cashed his diamond king

...(guarding againiIt ‘a singleton queen with

I: - . and led toward dummy's A-l0 for a
finesse ‘that was destined to succeed.
l)eclarer’s fourth diamond was pitched or;
dummy‘s fourth spade.

(iood dcclurer play? Yes. he turned a 50%

.7.
7.

 

d woundiup’tn he Grand?  ’

  
     
    
 

 

 
 
   
   

 

“watt

. r first
W oio42 ‘985
o o s o 5 ° 9
4 l0653 *KQJ93”
I South
a A 63
v A Q 'to 7 t
O K J4 2
' 4 IF A
i The Bidding ‘ 7' M .
. North ' V East South West
I diamond 3 clubs 3 hearts pass
4 hearts pass 4 no-trump pass
5 hearts ‘ pass 5 no-trump pass
7 hearts pass pass pass

 

 

:".‘  ’

 

Opening lead: 3 clubs

 

finesse” into nearly a sure thing by pausing to

iron Show
1 At the Improv

By NAOMI FRIEDLANDER

"I used to take all the Mickey Mouse.
courses: Catholicism before the birth of
‘ Christ: Lincoln: The Man and the
Tunnel . . . “ r

The small group of students laughed ap-
preciativer as they viewed the videotape of
the somberyoungcomic.tryingto win over his
audience. the tape of Bobby Kelton. one ofthe
new talents from the Improvisation Cafe in
New York City. was shown to University Con-
cert lioard members Tuesday night. by a
representative from the club. in the hope of
bringing some of the performers to SUNYA.

The videotape. made two months ago. dis-
played three regulars from the improvisation.
Nightly. amateur performers entertain from a
small dais in the club while the audience takes

its chances on being entertained or bored into
leaving. The three performers shown on this
tape were more than enough to keep an
audience laughing well into the night.

The first performer shown. Bob Shaw. was
young. small and stocky. His jokes fit his
boisterous personality. integrating his perfor-
mancc while maintaining the audience‘s in-
volvemcnt in the act:

"My father wrote a book called. I'm O.K..
You're Fur/ml up.

My mother wrote a book called. I'm Fucked
Up, You're 0. K.

And I wr’otc a book called. I'm Fucked Up.
0.K..""

Routines like this became hilarious when
combined with Shaw‘s antic expressions. As .
he went through a routine on commercial
products. his actions made hisjokes seem even
wilder. Theaudience was in an uproar when he
reached his punchline: "Playtex makes the
Cross Your Heart lira—It lifts . . . and
separates. Makes me feel great that Playtex
doesn't make men's underwear."

The next performer. Bobbie Kclton. was the
antithesis to Shaw. But Kelton'ssoft voice and
low keyed mannerisms werejutt aseffective in
maintaining the audience's interest. Hit rou-

 

tines. though not an earthy as Shaw's. proved

no 2A

 

Bob Show

to be just as witty: “Ever take one of the ‘no
frills‘ flights? They‘re terrible. Since when is a
bathroom considered a frill‘l“

The final performer shown was (lien Super
who titles himself “the red neck from Great
Neck." Using his guitar as a souding board for
his routines. Super seemed to be the seventies'
version of the hippie: long but well-kept hair
and beard. properly fadedjeans. But his jokes
portrayed him as a versatile. witty comedian.
playing tunes which ranged from the
Flinstones theme song to Johnny Cash folk
ballads to an innovative. hilarious rendition of
the Nutcracker Suite. His version of the Mc-
Donalds commercial was especially amusing;
"We‘ve got cakes with ice; we‘ve got roaches
and mice . . . " Super. like Shaw and
Kelton. clearly found his audience receptive.

These comedians are just three of the many
new performers who tryp to perfect their rou-
tines and gain a reputation at the Improvisa-

tion. And the club has been a stepping stone to

success. as proven by performers like Robert
Klein. Freddie I’rinze. Bette Midler. Lila
Minelli. Dick Cavett. David Frye. and Dustin
Hoffman (to name a few) who started there.
l’erhaps ten years from now. the new talents
viewed on tape will have national acclaim too.
Perhaps they will sink into the abyss of show
business. Whatever may occur. the Improvisa-

.tion tiemt an apt.successful proving ground.

 
  

 
 
   
 
   

 
  

   

i Bridge
Bob Show »'
pﬁA

 Story
Criminal Justice
3". 3A
" Filmmaking
pp. 4A. & 5A

Classical Forum

p. 7A
Movies

Preview P. 8A.

 

 

 

University Concert Board :
Tips on Top Talent

In answer to the great response to our con-
cert survey, University Concert Board has
come up with the brilliant idea of a weekly
column to let you know what‘s going on inthe
music world. Very often UCB has information
has information about upcoming albums and
tours ahead of the rest ofthe students.and it is
in this column where that info will bs passed
on to you. Also planned are occasional feature
articles about different things going on in the
music business. Most important. UCB is in-
terested in what you. the students are in-
terested in. so please let us know: stop in at CC
364. or drop us a note through on—campus
mail. If you have any questions about
anything in music. drop them off in our office
and we'll try to print the more interesting ones.
Our weekly meetings are on Monday nights at
9:30 in CC 3l5.

Here‘s a listing of some recent. postvacation
concert news:

Renaissance at Stony Brook Feb. l4. Look
for a new album to be released in the next few
weeks. Kinks playing various places around

‘ New York City. also look for a new album on a

new label in the next few weeks. Informed
sources tell us that Ray Davies is outdoing
himself on this tour. Jethro Tall and Electric
Light Orchestra both set for tours this spring.
Nothing definite on Tull but look for ELO
sometime in March. AI Sit-wan. whose album
Year ofthe Cat is rapidly climbingthe charts,
will be at New York's Avery Fisher Hall Feb.
ll—a show definitely worth checking out if

you plan to be in the area.

More new alubms: look for a new
I’lt'ctn'uotl Mot' record in the stores very
shortly-«the radio stations have been playing
an excellent advance release single from it.
Santana record also due very shortly.
perhaps as you read this the record is already
in the stores. Rumor has it that linuuzron, Lulrc
and Palmer are in the studio working on a new
double album. their first release of new
material since [train .S‘ularl Surgery in Dec.
‘74. They‘re also said to be working on a four
slated for late spring and early summer.

In other news: Rick Wake/nun has re-

‘joined Ytht‘. and by now will probably be

working on an album. it's also true that ltlcc
have split up and are rumored to be con-
sidering rejoining with Justin [Int-word
formerly ('.’) of the Moody Blilt‘.t‘(ll solo album
by Hayward is expected next month).

Some not-so-good news: The new Qm'r'n
album released three weeks'ago. A Damn the
Races. is. according to Elektra records. the
first album to be released at a $7.98 list price
with the prediction that soon all records will
be sold at the higher price to meet higher
produetion costs.

NEWSHASH: UCll will feature Larry (‘or-
roll February II.

wby Ellen Weiss
PS. UCB has placed a bid recently for Todd
Rundgrcn at the Palace itt March.

 

Attention All Arts 8: Features Writers
There is a MANDATORY Meeting
Sunday At 6:30 PM in CC 329 l

Matt Kaufman and More Arklnd
 ....Aop¢ctc Editors

Jon Penn and Dorothy Zelln

 

 

 

 .. .....Auocittte Aepccto Editors

ALBANY amour mass

   
 

#1
JANUARY 28. 1977

ay‘sALLv tactics. . 7
There. Were few major complaints from the professors

' interviewed from the School of Criminal Justice. All were in~ ‘
department and the

   

agreement as to the excellence of the
superiorityoi' the professors. ‘
the school. ' V . ~ ._ .

Mitch Chamlin. an MA student.ldescribed the school as a
place from which “good jobs" can- be obtained after
graduating. . '

The prospect of a good job is what made William Trigg.~a
Mastersstudent coming from an undergraduate college in
Kentucky with a major of Psych and Theatre. come to
Albany‘s graduate school. "The job market in my ﬁeld wasn't
good. I've always been interested'in Criminology. and the job
opportunities are so much better.”

Carol Trilling. a PhD. student looking to teach or do
research.

Warren Paul. a graduate from the Masters program here.
held a different opinion on_ the job situation. “There are a lot
of jobs in the ﬁeld of Criminal Justice. but the main fallacy is

Albany. you have no trouble. but with an MA you might."

l’uul explained that he didn‘t get his job working for a
department in the Division of Criminal Justice Services
through the school. but rather through some volunteer work
that he did over the summer.

As far as the quality of the school. “The wide range of
people teaching different subjects makes it a good
department. Also the Statistics and Methods courses are
excellent.“ commented Carol Trilling. '

When asked if she found any faults with the school.
Trilling replied. “I‘ve been here for five years. Three years ago
I‘d have had a million complaints. but I’ve forgotten them all
’by now. Working on finishing my PhD. I'm pretty far
removed from the professors and most of the school."

She did say howwer. that there seemed to be a “lack of
communication among the students."

This sentiment was echoed by Warren Paul. “The
atmosphere of the school kept people away from each other.
You're not really in direct competition with other students.
but the profs get you so hyped up that you don‘t think you

Editor's Note: Last in the series on the School of Criminal
Justice. ~ ' ’ W '

.-..\..wmm'ﬂ=' 

By WILLIAM HELLER

The inspection stops along the Mexican highways for
some reason didn't seem too official. Usually an inspection
station would consist ofa shell ofa building in the middle of
nowhere and a bunch of soldiers and police—Lox Federales.
At night there might be a small fire. surrounded by police
with flashlights.

After having spent a week on the beaches on Mazatlan. a
resort city on the west coast of Mexico. my three companions
and I began the longjourney back to the states. The four of
us. in a l97| Caprice with New York plates. headed up the
coastal route l5. Our destination was Tucson. some 816 miles
to the north. It took us about twenty hours due toacouple of
run-ins with Los I‘i’t/l'ralt’d'. Don't let anyone tell you that a
drive through Mexico isn't exciting. Of course. it's much
tnorc adventuresome at night.

We decided to drive the coastal route to Tucson. after
braving the harrowing trip across Mexico through the Sierra
Madres. on the way to Mazatlan. While affording
breathtaking scenery. the trip can only be taken once in a
long wltile by any sane person. The I90 mile trip through the
Sierra Madrcs (through the clouds) from Durango to
Malatlan lasted for six unforgettable hours.

The drive up the coast was uneventful until we were
stopped at art inspection station. We had already been
stopped and searched a couple of times on the way to
Mazatlan. so we knew what to expect. The soldier who came
over to us was a young guy, in his twenties. probably not
much older than us. He spoke a little English and we spoke
some Spanish. I

After checking our papers. he commented that the auto
registration form did not list the 8 track tape player in the car.
He kept pointing this out. We told him. "No les
preguntaron. . .(they didn't ask us. . .)" lie asked us if we
had any Beat/es tapes. He called them Bee-atlas. chid. and
he saw them while inspecting the car. He then asked if he
could have a tape. We wanted to get going already. but the
Beatles” tapes were among our best and we didn't want to part
with them. Fortunately. we had some tapes in the trunk
which didn't play. We gave him one of my favorite
nonworking tapes ~thc Buffalo Sp'rlngﬂeld. This was fine.
but he wanted to play It in the car to see if it worked. We
weren't about to let him do this. so we simply said it was a
good tape and that we had to leave. We sped off. .I can't help
laughing now, thinking of that poor young Metacan soldier

 

 

khome on his day off listening to the distorted and warped

JANUARY 28. 1977

Students. on the other hand. had many differing views on I

“Being a woman in this ﬁeld helps a lot in getting jobs."said .

that the school helps you to get a job. As a Doctor from I

spend With
other people." _ f n
" When ukedltis opinidn of
“ Mitch Chamlin
statede .in addition to .
oﬂeringtbe prospect of good 5
jobs the school “has a lotof ‘ '
clout and is a good research
centenn- ' A »
One student comingfroni
Albany went on to explain‘
that grad school was not
living up to his expectations.
“I thought that the
professors could be more
open. My .biggest gripe is

 

  

  

   

 
 
 

   

  

that the teachers seem so
dogmatic. They teach what
they believe and require you
to spit it back on the test.“ -

It's a small program. but there's a wall between them.”
William Trigg thought that f‘in most cases the ra- art is

l

   
      

bovok
The School of Criminal Justice has its own llbtar .

located In Mohawk Tower.

sounds of l9605 rock music.

We continued north for a few more hours without
interruption. Another inspection station came within sight
There was a big truck and a couple ofcars stopped. A shell of
a building served as headquarters. A soldier stood there with
a ﬂashlight waving cars to the side of the road for inspection.

Well. like I said before. these inspection stations along the
Mexican highways didn't seem too ofﬁcial. They seemed to
stop cars at random. The whole operation. in‘our eyes.
lacked any rhyme or reason. I was driving and I decided that
this stop looked especially unofﬁcial; besides we had already
been stopped a few hours before. However. as we were to
soon find out. our gun toting amigos Mexicanos didn't care
for our excuses, and they certainly were official.

We passed by the soldier and his ﬂashlight waving us over
to the side of the road. For a minute it looked as if we had
made it. Then I looked in the rearview mirror. A pair of
rapidiy‘ilashing blue lights was getting closer and closer. I
muttered something half aloud to the effect that we were
being chased by the police. My three friends. who had been
nominally sleeping. awoke to see what was happening. They
seemed little concerned that we had just run a federal
inspection station and were being chased down a dark
Mexican highway by [as Federales. This nonchalance on
their part spread to me. and we were not as scared as we
might have been. considering the situation we were in.

e

I looked for a safe place to pull offthe dark desert road to
wait for our pursuers. After we ﬁnally pulled over, the police
car’quickly came to a screeching halt behind us. Two men
jumped out and ran towards our car. The one with the
machine gun reached as first. I rolled down my window and
he excitedly identified himself as a Federal Narcotics
Policeman. He motioned for us to get out of the car.

As the one with the machine gun was opening my door.
one of my friends got out of the back of the car. This had the
man startled as he fumbled over my door with one hand and
pointed his gun with the other. At the same time be ordered
my friend to take his hands out of his pockets. The two
ofﬁcials first asked us why we hadn't stopped. then ordered
us back into the car. and escorted us back to the inspection
station. We stopped across the road from “headquarters”
and got out of the caragain. As they began search of the car
the armed man took us into the building. My friend Rick.-
whose father owned the car. persuaded the more reasonable
guard to let him stay with the car whilc‘thcy looked it over.

itan STUDENT“!

 

a...) clu'ul tor a. school of Criminal  In iron-wit taint.
oi the elum meeting on the top ﬂoor.

He ﬁnds. “a lack of rapport between students and teachers.

The Road from Mazatlan

. ' ‘1 w”
with ‘ .
good. Some teachers remain aloof and don‘t try to establish ,
more intense relations with students partly because of. their
position and prestige."

“Albany really lets you know that you don't ' know
anything. You don‘t have any way to tell the high and mighty
that you really do know something." said Warren Paul
referring to many of the professors in the graduate school.

When asked for her comments on the school. one female
student declined to answer at all.

Although he thought the school was “really excellent."
William Trigg felt that in terms of the Masters program. “in
one year you're not getting enough substance. you're only
getting the basics. The program should be expanded."

Warren Paul felt that the one year program was sufﬁcient.
“For one year you get a quality education. The school is very
research oriented. After a year of the basics I thought it was
time to get out and get some experience." He stated that the
basic information obtained in his first year was helping him
in his present job.

Although the School of Criminal Justice has been called
“low profile“ by many, it isat the top of its class in the
country. Both the faculty and the students tended to agree
upon this fact. although the latter of the two had more
diverse opinions as to the School‘s strengths and Weaknesses.

The two others. Ned and Dave. and myself went with the
other guard. Knowing that a thorough search of the car
would take at least a half hour and that the soldiers would
open our packs. duffle bags and suitcases. I took the keys to
the trunk with me so they couldn‘t open it.

It was a chilly night and we were shivering as our jackets
remained in the car. We asked the guard if we could stand by
the fire on the side of the building. but hejust let us know with
a stern face. "Don't you know that we can keep you here all
night?"

He motioned for us to e’mpty our pockets and he sifted
through the contents. He also frisked us to make sure that we
weren't hiding anything. We had nothing of value. and
luckily nothing illegal on us. After a few more threats and
admonitions (he made a shooting motion with his hands and
said something like. “Don't you know that we could have
shot you'l“). our guard led us back to the car.

They again asked us why we hadn't stopped. We pretended
to know even less Spanish than we did. and lmade up stories
about thinking that the lights were road construction (even
though it was late Sunday night) or not knowingtbat we had
to stop.

After snifﬁng the ashtrays. searching under the seats and
even questioning us about a hair clip left in the car by Rick's
grandmother. they ﬁnally allowed us to continue on our way.
We Were lucky that theydidn't insist on openingthe trunk. At
other inspection stations which we did stop at. los Federales
went so far as to question as about a sealed package of
bandages in a first aid kit and about a golf ball that was in the
trunk. We just kept telling them. “No drugas. no drugas."

We reached the border between Mcxicoand Arizona some
time in the early hours of the morning. After spending some
time looking for the border crossing. we ﬁnally found It with
the help of a Mexican service station attendant. The
American border guard asked if we had anything to declare
and made a short search of our belongings. He saw the bottle
of Tequila in the trunk and asked if any of us was twenty one.
years old. Dave had only a couple of months to go. out the
guard did not care in the least. He told us that we could either
throw out the Tequilla or bring it back across the border. It
wasn't the time of day to start drinking. to Dave and [walked
back across the border. and after Dave tooka long swallow
of the stuff he gave the bottle to a Mexican border guard:

We continued toward Tucson. A few miles outside of the
city we were stopped for speeding. It'wn our first ticket on
the trip. We knew we were back in the United States. J

Moi an _

 

   
   

\

