.4... ..,-. ..\.—~.. ., .L. . . .....

..o_......-...,.......

,—~.—._.v_._-

 

   
    

    
    
   
  

" in hrillerciiestnats—fT _ _

ND, HEC‘ANARYHTII 1+ were hurriedly}: I e. '
II V HISPERS. a' remit ilent THE 84 Tby the some _

ol'a'nd- wasthe best. [triplet and comic interpolations . .

ut ,itststand It and lighting.

3 man reet hornyages, to Filtrlan . are still impressive. .

i' nally shot in 70mm‘wide-screen;)‘An an er-rated ﬁlm from_an

i nored director: With Chester Morres. Gustav von Seyffertitz.

rte”: mins. (0)110) ' > ) ‘ I
. One of irector Clarence Brown's few forays into the world of crime and
sex; done with taste. but still a raw and powerful ﬁlm. Norma Shearer,
Leslie Howard. Clark Gable itnd'Lionel Barrymore (in an_Academy
Award winning performance) head arpower-h‘ouse cast.90mins.(l93l)
 ' ‘ ' ‘l'rint ifot yet returned‘fron't Belgium. though requested back. and
;.  , should arr/lye on. time. However. not guaranteed. _‘ '
3:10 - 4:40 CRIME AND PUNISHMBTI' ‘.
Josef von Sternberg‘s ﬁrst for Columbia: denied the opulence. of his
Paramount films. he still brings tremendous style and evocative lighting
to the small sets Columbia provided. if not the best ﬁlmed Dostotevsky.
far from the least. With Peter Lorre, Edward Arnold. 8ft mms.(l935)

6:15 FURY ,
One of the strongest of the social ﬁlms of the 30's; perhaps less honest
thitn ('llA/N GANG. but nevertheless it powerfuland often horrif in
work. Fritz Lang's first American ﬁlm. and one of his’hest. tth
Spencer Tracy rind Sylvia Sidney. 85 mins. (1936)

6:30 - 8:10 BELOVED ROGU .
An absolutely stunning example ofthc late silent film. a tour-dch'orcc
for Barrymore‘s acting. Alan Crosland‘s direction and thliam
('oineron Menzits' lavish. stylized and Germanic sets. as thoughall were
determined to make this lilm ll showcase ofJust what the silent film
could do bcfore the talkies took over. An exhilaratingiind non-operatic
version of the Francois Villon‘legend. with Conrad Veidt almost
rivrtlling Barrymore with his grotesque King Louis. l00,mins. U926)

8:20 - 9:40 KID BROTHER
While SA FET)’ LAST is probably still the "deﬁnitive"
Harold Lloyd. THE KII) IIROTIIL-‘R is almost certainly his
master iece: both warmer and more savage than his other filmsnand less
dcpen cnt on audience reaction to make it work. Funny. lyrical and
inventive. lit) mins. (I920)

9:45 - 11:30 HELL’S ANGELS

Not the Roger Corman motor cycle cpie. but the original World War

' ()ne atiution spectacle. largely directed by Howard Hughes himself.
with substantial help from Marshall Neilati and James hale. A lar
better Iilm than you may be expecting. dominated by the two extremely
long and superlativcly sto ed dog ii in and bombing sequences. Witi
Jean Harlow. lien Lynn. .auies lliil. 105 mins. (1929-30)

16 1 Sunday, limit 21 line to indoor ‘

     

 

       

 V 4:50 -

 

 

     
  
   
  
 
   
   
 

 

 
 
 
  
 
  
 

 
 

 

    
  

  

 

Montault-

Wine/Cheese
 Live Enter-
FM 0'” .llll‘llllllﬂ

   
     

   
    
    

 

 

   

 

One price gets you

$100 w/tax

     
   

   
 

into all

Tid<ets on sale 9 pm. - Indian Flagroom

SaturdayMarch 26

1000 TICKETS WILL BE SOLD!
Come one, Come aI

$2.00 w/out
ﬂuiderl by SA

  

 

 

I com..- 3*”...

, X By PETER HOFFMAN ,
Valerie Carter‘s debut album on ,
Columbia is the best one We heard by a
new female vocalist this year. She has one
of ’the freshest and most powerful, but
utterly feminine. voices in rock.

Just 'A Stone's Throw Away
incorporatés two distinct styles of music:
LA. country-rock and funky rhythm and

 

 
 

 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
 

 

 

 

 

SPEKERS FORUM
' mam arenas!

PRESENTS. . .

     
     
     
   
 
   
  
 

-0‘H mm of  Melon

~10MUOIMOWMM-
IIEITERSKEITR

rurst
. mm 29
one an

  
 

fruollﬁluurl ‘twhnmlhblla

Amman...“ WWHMW‘OW
We! albany state cinema

     

 

     

_/

'—-‘ .

A Feast guaranl‘ud tootugger the imagination, storh
LASAaNA,MEAroALLs,5AusAoE and Stone.

CHILDREN 1 n99under I0

Chei Ito'lia 

THE-3-DAY-ALL-YOU-CAN
EAT-lTALlAN-FEAS’I‘. $2.99

  
    

 
   

r -rr g
‘ ,n.‘ .w,\t;' .

4}; a; , 
-  ,
.... 1‘ . ___/

Every Sunday, Monday& Tuesday

ANTIPASTO butter and follow“! bv heaping platters or 5?

served Sortde I2 Noon tn IlWl' Mommy L‘fueldoq 4min um

with our famous
HETT t , PIL‘M.

ALIANVI
mm M. at Fuller Rd

 

blues. Valerie sings both of these
surprisinglvaell.

The classical forum 

Apollo and Artemis,

 

I rsecornerso
the music scene. Included among these
are Jackson Browne. Lowell George
John Sebastian. Linda, Rona ' '

Maurice White of Earth, Wind and Fi :

s .

and George Bohanon.{1‘he.albuin is;

produced .by George ' Massenburg wh

also ‘ produces Earth, Wind and Fire.
along with Lowell George and Maurice.

White. I
The album. opens "with one of'my’

favorite rhythm and blues songs of the ‘

sixties, “Ooh Child." Valerie takes this
song and makes it completely her own.
She begins it ever so softly, but the song
builds to a crescendo of almost hypnotic
power.

"Heartache," co-written by_ Lowell

 Children

   
  

George is a gorgeouscountry ballad and
perhaps the best song on the album.
.Valerie sings thissong‘s bittersweet love-
lost lyrics so convincingly. it's almost as if
she's crying: “Heartache. find another

 

 

 

Breathes there on this campus a man or
woman who has not heard of Zeus. the
father of gods and men? Hotner tells us in
the Iliad how persistently Zeus pursued
his desire to achieve the state of
fatherhood. enumerating the women who
cooperated with him in attaining his goal:
Dia. Danae. Europa. Semele. Alcmcne.
Demeter. and Lcto.

Jealous Hera. his sister-wife.
relentlessly created difficulties for Zeus'
paramours. In Lcto‘s case Hera arranged
that no solid ground should receive the
pregnant woman at tltc hour of her
accouchcment. A small piece of land.

‘howeVer. detached itself and floated

down into the middle of the Aegean Sea.
It was on this tiny island. Dclos. that
Lcto. leaning against a palm tree. gave

birth to the twins. Apollo and Artemis.

Visitors ,to Delos will still see a lonely
palm tree to remind them of the holy
birth. '
Apollo. a denizcn of Mount Olympus
according to the Iliml. was ardently pro-

~(irccks,

Trojan in the great war. When a priest
near Troy called upon him to wreak
vengeance against Agamemnon and the
Apollo strode down Mt.
Olympus as rapidly as night falls. his
arrows clanging in the quiver as he made
his way to Troy in response to his priest‘s
appeal for help. The how was his favorite
weapon. and his arrows were likened to
deadly snakes.

Apollo was equally at home at Delphi.
the site ol’the oracle. People residing not
only in Greece but in Asia and ltaly went
there to seek his advice. The reputation
which his oracle enjoyed was based on a
happy mixture of insight. shrcwdness.
ambiguity. and luck: but the magnificent
location and the marvelous scenery alone
made a pilgrim‘s trip worth while.
Throngs of visitors from all over the
world still trek to Delphi.

Artemis, Apollo‘s twin sister. had her
OWn career. Her reputation as a
markswoman with bow and arrow was
not inferior to Apollo‘s. Hunting was her

forte. and she became known as mistress
of the hunt. Hippolytus. the son of
Theseus and the Amazon woman. spent
hours in the invisible company of this
virgin goddess. devoting his life to her
service while spurning the worship of
Aphrodite. Do you know what happened
to Hippolytus'.’ If not. read Euripides”
play by that name.

Artemis was extraordinarily sensitive
about itcr prerogatives. Because
Agamcninon had offended her. she
demanded from him the sacrifice of his
oldest daugittcr lphigcnia before she
would send favorable winds to enable the
Greek llcct to set forth from Aulis to
'l'roy. Assuming the hardness of
necessity. Agamcmnon complied with her
demand. thereby incurring the undying
hatred of Clytciniicstra. his wife. who
conspired with Aegisthus to murder him
upon his stile ret tirti front the 'I'rojan War.

Apollo and Artemis. acting in concert.
made a formidable duo. Niohc. a mortal
woman and an early practitioner of

i Using a jumpy beat.” this is' the m .1

1 with “Just a Stone‘s Throw Away” and

   

positive, uplifting song onthcvalb
The four songs on side two are, .
pretty much the same-vein u I one

“Back to Blue Some More” being the
standout cuts. 1 ' ;
As a whole. there hasnft been a debitt
album to equal the beautyand intensity of
this one in a long while. I look forward to
hearing a lot more from Valerie Carter in
the future. -

    

The vase. which to an Attte rediigured

olnoehoe (pitcher). depicts Apollo and

Artemis In a more peaceful mood.
preparing to ’sacrlllce before an altar.

planned parenthood (she had six sons and
six daughters). dared to compare her
lertility with l.eto‘s ability to produce
only two children. Apollo aitd Artemis.
The twins. at their mother‘s request. made
short Sill‘ifl of Niohc‘s brood. Apollo
killing the boys and Artemis the girls.
Niohe herself was turned into a stone on
Mt. Sipylus in Asia Minor. The never-
failing stream that ran over its surface
represented hcr constant weeping.

 

Want to talk lt over?
Call MIDDLE EARTH—4576300

 

I AM NOT GOING TO LAW SCHOOL
THESE ARE THE REASONS WHY
— I did poorly on my LSAT’s
— I’m bright, but my grades do not reflect it

— I was rejected by all the law schools I applied to
because they only look at numbers and scores

THESE EXCUSES WON’T WORK
IF YOU ARE HIGHLY MOTIVATED

WE ACCEPT STUDENTS
WHOSE PRIME STRENGTHS
ARE MOTIVATION 8 ACCOMPLISHMENT

Grades and scores mean less because we are training you to be
a lawyer, not a law student

CALIFORNIA LAW INSTITUTE

 

 

 

[Mil Mao/{Ill}! (WW SKWIK 1m mvmom

ME NU

lllllCllaa DUE! smut -—— "'30- "A. 5-8 PA
ax; arsoner 500', 5.4440. mm» mu m» m or :

olttttltttltitl ocuttsutttttl ottttt omit "mat
in H u 02.!- W"

FRIDA Y SPECIAL — dreamed Clams
ii I . [0/ do:

5 - 7 PM or while they larl!

 

 

    
     
     

NQTIQE:

Follett-SUNY Bookstore
Will Be Closed

Tuesday, April 5th

 

 

 

 

If. 'ef “Fl/I FRI-1773.

Hill ,tlll l.‘li.'ll.li..‘~l.

  

For more information anti an application write:

   
   
  

John Davies, Assistant Dean, will interview
prospective students on Monday, March 28,
1977, from 10:00 AM 10- 4:00 PM in the Un-
2034 Alameda Padre Serra ivarslty College. Contoct Robert Gibson, Pre-
Santa Barbara, California 03l05 Law Adviser,

Telephone (805) 9611-1567 4

Mary Osborne. Dean of Atliiiissions
School of law
California Law Institute

 

 

k
MARCH 25, 1977

Wednesday, April 6th
For inventory.

Please Plan Ahead.

ALBANY STUmngqsnmgoummamamimitiimiinitiuuuitnmnmrmiupxwt

and

  

J

 

“a.

 

  
   
 
    

 
     
 
     

 
  
 
  
  
   
  
    
   

  

  
   
   
  

     
  
    
   
   
  
   
 

  
 

 

 

 

ml

 

 

