   
 
   

 
  

  
 
  

   
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

.’.",,¢*.,-.I:.—J:‘>..a ~)‘."s',-Mv‘.yv-‘.”~y ,. ‘r j

. D>~>«"-,»r341-...

 

don't want any assholes parking here

—_ It isaﬁne practiceoftlie pen I‘ thoritiesof Greece
to feature on some of their stamps scenes from Greek
mythology, as illustrated _in works of Greek art. A
whole series of such stamps was issued in I970. Our
example illustrates the wrestliiig'imatch of Heracles
and Achelous; V . i I

The Titan Oceanus and his consort-sister Teth'ys did
not participate in the war of the Titans against Zeus.
Thus rtheylwere not disturbed in the possession of their
Wide realm. Together they brought forth 3000
daughters, the Oceanids. rand innumerable sons. all
river gods. Among the latter was Achelous, god of a
river of the same name. of course,‘in northwestern
Greece. ‘

On his visit to the Underworld Heracles was told of
the beauty of Deianira by the ghost of her brother
Meleager. In. trying to win‘ Dianeira as his bride
Heracles had a rival in' Aehelous. and thus Heracles
and Achelous came to wrestle with each other. Like so
many other gods Achelous had the power to change his

By STEPHEN DZINANKA

Not far from the Albany State campus, at a medium-
sized apartment complex. there is a parkingspace. But
it is not just any parkingspace—it belongs to the Crazy
Lady.

She was not baptized the Crazy Lady. unless her
neighbors are to be considered priests. And if her
neighbors did possess some sort of divine baptismal
authority. her proper name would be something more
like "scumbag".

The faded white lines demarked each space clearly
enough. But numbers that once stood out on the grey
asphalt which assigned each space to a particular
apartment were worn and illegible. So many of the
tenants were not sure which space they should park in.
Most of them didn‘t care. The Crazy Lady did. That's
how she got her name. ‘

For one full night the blue oil-burning Vega sat in
the Crazy Lady‘s space. The next morning Steve found
the Crazy Lady‘s maroon Chevy Malibu parked
directly behind the Vega. About four inches separated
the bumpers of the two cars. It was the Crazy Lady's
routine blockade.

Many space intruders before had been hemmed-in
by the Malibu and forced to liberate their cars by less
than orthodox means. One night a man in a ﬂawless
white Cadillac repeatedly backed into the front ofthc
Crazy Lady‘s car. After three or four’soft positioning
smacks. he gained enough room to angle his Caddy
around the steadfast Malibu.

Escape was always possible as long as the spaces
ﬂanking the Crazy Lady‘s were empty. But if they
weren’t the only way out was straight ahead. and
straight ahead lay a drainage ditch lit for passage only
by mule.

Laurie was in the unfortunate position of belonging
to the blue Vega that didn't belong in the Crazy Lady‘s
parking space. As she approached her car to attempt
an escape, the Crazy Lady bolted out her apartment
door like a testy thoroughbred with a pine cone
plugged up its crack. It‘s too bad for Laurie that
nobody had thought to shove a bit in her mouth.

"Why'd you park your car there asshole.
goddamncd kids!" screamed the Crazy Lady. She
looked to be in her mid-forties with bleaclieil-blondc
hair and a butt that had grown plump for lack of
activity. From her hand dangled a set of keys.

"You assholes!" she yelled. “The next time I'll crash
into your car when you park it here. I don't care about
my car. My husband will pay for the damages!"

Spence and Steve were on the other side of the
parking lot unloading camping gear from Steve‘s pick—
up truck. Steve lived in the Crazy Lady‘s apartment
complex. He had known what to expect. Spence and
Laurie had not.

Laurie just kept walking toward her car. speechless.
Spence charged across the parking lot at the Crazy
Lady continued her verbal onslaught. She was truly

eloquent.

“You assholes! I pay forthis spot. It‘s my spot and 1

pi

“Now wait a second lady." said Spence pointing his

 

L

PAGE 2A

“Wmmwh‘mmsgw » '

 
   
     
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 

  
 

 
 

A postage stamp, based on a tltth century redilgured use In the Brttlah stomp. deplete Aeholoue tn

 

 
 

one of tits many mythological forms: a serpent-Illi- creature.

shape at will; thus he changed into a bull. Heracles,
however. broke off one of the bull's horns and so won

the match and his bride.
Heracles good-naturedly returned the born to its

finger damnineg at the Crazy Lady. “We‘re just
visiting here. we didn‘t know this was your space."

“How about the assholes you're visiting? What are
they some kind of assholes?" Steve. one of the assholes
to which she was referring,Awas kneeling in the back of
his truck‘looking for a can opener belongingto Laurie.

He stared up at the Crazy Lady.

“Fuck you lady.“ he said quite matter-of-factly.

“Asshole kids, don't give a shit about nothin'.“ she
rambled on.

“Fuck you lady.“ Steve yelled again from the same
position but in a stronger voice.

She wrenched open the door of the Malibu and
climbed in. Starting the car she pumped the gas pedal
furiously. racing the engine loudly. Steve stood at the
back of his truck. amused. waiting for a piston rod to
shoot up through the hood of her car.

The Crazy Lady jammed the automatic shifter into
reverse and the ear lurched backwards. giving Laurie
room to get out. Laurie bricked the Vega out of the
Crazy Lady‘s space and pulled away. The Crazy Lady
stomped on the gas and the car shot into the parking
space. coming to a quick. jerking halt. the body

‘Singing in

By BENJAMIN ALTER

What has l30 sore feet. carries umbrellas. and drips
from head to toc‘.’ No it's not a fleet of mailmen. It‘s
approxrmatcly 65 drenched Albany State students who
braved the elements this past dreary Sunday to walk l8
kilometers as ptirt of a fund-raising drive for Israel

In addition to the hazardous weather. those who
walked had to remember to set their clocks ahead one
hour the night before. This resulted in many
“casualitics.” What a shock it must have been to those
who showed tip an hour late and not finding l
walkers.

Despite the obstacles. the walkers all enjoyed
themselves. and in the process raised $2200 for United
Jewtsh Appeal. Had the weather been better. the

any

owner. and Achelous returned a favor by giving to
Heracles the miraculous horn of Amalthea. This could
supply its possessor with unlimited food and drink and
is the original comu copiae or cornucopia.

Crazy Lady Terrorizes Parking Lot

rocking back and forth on loose suspension. Shc nearly
made mule ofthat Malibu. the drainage ditch i tist it my
feet away from the nose of the car.

Spence and Laurie were over bythc truck sziyiiigso-
longto Steve. The Crazy Lady slammed the door ol her
car shut and stormed back towards her tlpill'llllclll.
screaming and cursing all the way.

“Very reasonable lady." yelled Steve. “(loud \\ll_\ ltl
solve the problem.“

“That‘s right. damn asshole kids!" The (‘rti/y I.il(I\'
never lost a step. And her mouth never stopped. i

"Merry Christmas lady.“ yelled Steve with his list
raised up over his head. "Merry Christmas." So what
if it was late March.

The Crazy Lady disappeared into the dooriiiiy ol
her apartment. and that was the last they would we ol
her that day. For now she had secured her sacred space

Soon she would have her little boy stick {I "\‘o
parking sign in the grass before the drainage ditch to
the head of her parking space. Soon too. the big boy-xii
lcw doors down would mow it over—-—not bcczitiw thc_\
wanted to use her parking space. but hCCllth‘ they
didn't want the Crazy Lady telling them not in

the Rain’

organizers feel more would have participated illltI lllttlt'
money would have been raised.

The average walker spent his time eating oi.iiigc~
and doughnu‘s given out at the various clicckptiiiiu
“19% the mute. singing and dancing betiiccu tlic
“Hildrnps. and splashing in the puddles. Altci lIIt' long
hikc' the “WWII trekkers were treated to .i itch
cilcsi‘i" lunch‘ Spﬂttsored by the Jewish Stitdciitx
(.oalition. Alter the meal. the spirited pillllt‘lpnlth
sting Israeli songs. demonstrating their devotion lirlIlt'
cause,

Ihc wrilk—ti-thori's organizers should lu‘
umgrimm'wd I” "‘“kllll~l the event tisuccess iii \[llli ol
.\'It)lIlt'l Nature‘s lack ol gnumwumn'

Happy Birthday New York

KINGSTON N-Y- (AP) New York St'tt "
bicentennial birthday party ended this past weekeiiilciii
the place where its history began.

()n the site ol the stittc'.L first capital here. Lt. (iov
Mary Anne Krupsiik and area residents gathered
Saturday to celebrate the 200th anniversary of the
election ol George Clinton as New York's lirst
governor.

lhc ceremonies included the unveiling of historic
markers at the llogtirdus Tavern. where the Assembl
lirst iriet. the old Senate house. and the tomb of
Clinton. in the Old Dtiteli Church Graveyard
Approximately IOO persons gathered to mark the
occasion.

Sometimes we look at the difficulties we have in

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

New York Sm“ “MW and I think it” we Il;l\t‘ lo do I\
rceogiii/c the enormous odds that thc L‘Uitilltsls Il.IIl
tostritt it new country witlitlieirowri pl‘IlIt'lpIL'\ tll lllllltI
against the nation that was the leader ol lltc u UIIII III
“if?” "i '“llllttrytiiight.” Ms. Krupsttk told IIIL'tItlHtI

.Alld Mr I think that it we just draw on the SIlt'IItlIIh
“I “l” beginnings We will gL't through iIlCtIIIIIt'llIII\'\ ol
today."

Kingston was where the state constitution \\.t\
lounally adopted “my when. Rcmhmmm” “M
lender's lrotn New York rim scl up mm. W“.
government,

I’latili:.l'lll:l'l\ltltl.st week. lircwoi'ks at the Iiiiiiiiic \i.ii.-
)rlny hailed the 200th ‘dlllllVL‘t'm‘lH at tin
loundiiig ol the state. J

 

APRIL 29. 1977

_ ﬁaY-rmﬂxwmuuu .

 

\

By CYNTHIA HACINLI
“How about Pennsylvania Railroad for St. James
Place?" ~
“It‘s a deal!" v , ‘
Contrary to appearances. this conversation is not
the gibberish of a couple of high corporate types. but
merely the dialogue of a game everyone‘s playingthese
days—Monopoly.
Monopoly. like other board games. has recently
experienced a revival. Why? Maybe it's part of the
nostalgia of the seventies or maybe it’s tied toa reason
far less frivolous. - During a time marked by
unemployment. job insecurity. and inﬂation, a turn
towards cheaper forms of entertainment is logical.
“I‘m building a hotel on Boardwalk. another two
houses each on Ventnor. Atlantic and Marvin
Gardens and one house each on Connecticut and
Vermont.“
Buying and selling property. amassing huge sums of
money. building houses and hotels by the dozen. give
to the player all the power of a successful
entrepreneur— --even if it‘s only for a few hours.
"Mortgaging Virginia. Give me the cash."
Monopoly was created during the Great Depression
by Charles B. Darrow of Germantown. Pennsylvania.
Like many others at the time. Darrow was
unemployed. Creating Monopoly became his
occttpation and his amusement. The first games. which
were handmade. Darrow gave to his friends. A few sets

Fannie ’8 Place:
A Family Af air

By SUSAN SATKOWSKI
When you walk into |"tiniiie‘s Restaurant. on llL‘LI by
Mike Viggitini. you‘re greeted by his wife Joan. and
then waited on by his Aunt Mary. Attiii liiiiily. Aiiiit
Iillie. or sister-in-ltiw Rose. Also .working in the
restaurant is his sister. Esther. his partner and
manager. llic restaurant is named after his mother.

Fannie. who does sortie of the cooking.
Nicecs and nephews now away at college work at the
restaurant duriiigthe summer. If aii uncle lost at job or
an aunt wanted one. they'd also come to work. Mike

says.

'Il’t short. I‘tinriic‘s is a family business. Brit even if
you didn't know all of Mike‘s relatives and the various
jobs they htth in the restaurant. you‘d almost guess
that Fittinic‘s is it liitiiily affair. While waiting for your
will scallopitic or lasiigtic. or any of the other Italian
dishes served at Ftirinic's. you‘d CtthIlelltthItcs of
comet‘sation bctwocn liniily. Rose. Mary and Tillie
and their customers. Almost always the question
comes up. “Are they Itiiitily'l"

It‘s true. Iltcy make yott feel at home tit I‘zitinie‘s
like part ol the family.

I'tllII). Rose. Itllic. and Mary spciik to you tlS
though you were a guest coming to their house for
dinner. rather thtinjttst it customer. “I keep my mouth
shut. they holler!“ says limily.

Soft music plays intlic background.whilewroiiglit-
ll'tlll lanterns flicker on the walls; small wooden tables
are co/ily arranged around the room.

Settled in ii booth in the back. the girls wait with a
ctip ol collcc for their day to begin, As each one tells
\ott how lotig she‘s worked at I‘tiriiiie's. ti discussion of
ages lollows. "It you want to know how old I am.“ says
lirtiily. "I served tit the Last Supper." She smiles and
grabs yott by the arm. You‘re meeting-the Vtggiani
liiniily not yust the employees at I‘tllllth‘S. ‘

(iood cookrngisa fainilytrtidition. “Ninety-rune per
cent (ol the recipes) have been in the family for riinety—
iitiic years." says Mike. exaggerating. btit making his
point. I
A little is lost as the generations go by. says Mike.
“till it touch ol sadness in his dark eyes. He recalls
crawling around his graiidriiother's kitchen as it child.
He would help by sifting the flour. or sortie other small
clioic. “liven Ill that age you pick up things you
iciiicnibcr." says Mike. afraid what he learned front his
giiiiidiiiothcr and mother will be lost. I

Mike has always loved cooking. Both his parents
worked. so when he came lioriie for ltiiicli from school
he would lix something for himself. After it while. he

  

 

 

 

stiii'tcd cooking lunch for the guys froiri school,

  

APRIL 29, 1977

 

lugs-Millions in Minutes-'\ 1 . ;

were sold through a Philadelphia department store but
as the demand increased Darrow couldn't keep up. In
I933 he went toParker Brothers. a game company
located in Salem. Massachusetts.

At first. Parkers Brothers rejected Darrow‘s
Monopoly. citing 52 playingerrors as the reason. After
the Christmas of I934 they reconsidered. Needless to
say. Monopoly was the biggest thing to hit Parker
Brothers. Within two months sales soared—20,000 sets
being produced a week. Since then more than 80
rriillion Monopoly sets have been sold throughout the
world. makingit the most popular copyrighted game in
history.

The object in playing Monopoly is "to become the
wealthiest player through buying. selling and renting
property." Each player is given a total of l500 dollars.
As he moves around the board he tries to acquire all the
lots in one or more color groups so that he can build
houses and hotels and charge an exorbitant amount of
rent when other players land on his property.

The various lots in the game have all been named
after the streets of Atlantic City. New Jersey(Darrow‘s
vacation spot before the Depression and probably
til'tcr Monopoly). In 1972. when the Commissioner of
Atlantic (‘ity proposed to change the names ofthc real

Baltic and Mediterranean Avenues. all hell broke
loose. Parker Brothers was swamped with letters and
telegrams protesting the Commissioner‘s proposal. In
January I973. at a public hearing. the city council

 

‘\ i new» 

ill‘ ’ ,.:.

   
  

to;

 

 

 

liiit the idea to start it restaurant cariic while he was
sitting having coffee with the owner of a little
restaurant iii I.ttt|itim. The owner httd three other
rcstiiiu tints. tllld iiianiiginga fourth got to he too much.
Mth explains. It was I959. and Mike liiitljtist gotten
out ol the service. and (lid not have it stctidyjob. His
mother was it scaiiistr'css. but Mike says she hiid ii scrisc
ol :idicnturc.

Starting with it Iew tables. they slowly expanded.
I‘\‘ClllllilII). they bought it larger btiilding across thc'
wiiy

Mike loves the business more and more cticli year.
“It‘s like it romance."

Mikc comes in at l |:(l()a.m. to set up the day's menu.
One recent day the specialties were shrimp with a
Cl'ilhlllctll and shrimp stuffing. fresh baby call‘s liver.
baked lresh lilct ol'solc with stuffing. and ocean perch.
deep-tried or broiled. For specialties he tries to select
Northtrn Italian dishes that don‘t have a lot oftomiito
sauce. since the major portion of the menu is devoted
to Southern Italian cuisine. which means lots of pasta
and sauce.

the restaurant opens at 4 pm. and the lull menu is
set \cd tip 'till ll p.m. “Whatever they want. they get.“
sttl's Mike.

'l-‘veiy year Mike goes to Italy to visit friends and
restaurants. and picks up variations to use back at
I‘itllllIC‘S. In Italy. Mike explains. there are perhaps six
dillcrertt ways to prepare pesto. or pasta sauce. One
variation ltc uses is with fresh ricotta cheese. He uses
his hands as he describesth recipe. You can almost see
them at work in the kitchen.

Mike does the major cooking each day before the
two other chefs come in at 3:00. Once they come in. he
oversees the kitchen.

Fannie has her own kitchen downstairs. Her old
black shoes clip-chipping down the buck stairway. she

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

 

 

 

Published tn 15 toretgn tango-gee and Ileeneod In 25
eountrtu, Monopon Ie the most popular copyrighted

game In titItory. .
voted against the motion to change the names after
listening to an impassioned speech made by Randolph
Barton. president of Parker Brothers. So Baltic and
Mediterranean live on.

Monopoly is popular in other countries. an
internationally loved game. Published in IS foreign
languages and licensed in 25 countries. the street names
and currency will change according to the country. In
France the equivalent of Boardwalk is the Rue de la
l’iiix. in Britain it‘s Mayfair. and in Spain. Paseo del
Prado.

There are also several types of Monopoly sets. The
standard set. which goes for about five dollars is only
the beginning. There's it nine dollar 40th Anniversary
set which f'iitures extra cash and a carousel to hold the
pieces. Next there is the deltch version for the
lllooiiiingdalc‘s crowd. A leather carrying case. gold
plate tokens. extra money. dottble dice and wooden
houses iind hotels J5 to 40 dollars. However. the
ultimate extravagance is yet to cottic. This little
number. put out by Allrcd Dunhill and Co. has sterling
silver tllld lottr'tccii carat gold tokens (sortie token). and
extra money. till in it veneered R oscwuod box. ready to
go Itll' livc grand.

Not only do the sets vary. but the modes and means
of playing vary as well. House rules. such as getting 500
dollars lor rolling sniike eyes. are added tti the basic
instructions which coiiic with the game. There are
Monopoly martit lions. world championships and even
(iiiiiicss world records set on the longest and weirdest
Monopoly games. A spokesperson for Parker Brothers
said that summer requests for permission to hold
Monopoly marathons were “staggering”. Recently.
sciibii enthusiasts in California played Monopoly
under writer [or llltlx hours. (Parker Brothers created a
writer‘prool set).

[no years ago The A'ItHltl/ltJ/‘l' Burr/r written by
lilelong player Maxine lirady hit the market. Brady‘s
book draws upon the research of economists.
psychologists and ttititheniatieiriiis. Slic poses it rather
interesting theory on Monopoly‘s populttrity.
“ . , . it permits respectable citi/ciis to cheat and
browhciit with impunity as they seek to amass paper
lorttiiics and drive other contestants itito bankruptcy."

Maybe Brady is right. Human nature is certainly
evidence enough. Regardless. whatever else it is.
Motiopoly is still it great way for a group of people to
get to know each other and to while away a rainy
afternoon . . .

 

cxclnims: “I do this a hundred times a day!"

Her lace is old and wrinkled. framed by wisps of
curly grey hair. But at 76. she is energetic. always ten
steps ahead as she conducts a tour of her kitchen. She
clciins the titblctops as she speaks. She points to the
eggplant she‘s been slicing. but before you can turn
around. she is in the store-room. pointing out the pans
ol litsagrie. She is not rushing because y0u are
iiitci't'tiptiiighcr it isjust her way. Mikcjust hopes Iicr
stiiiiiinti is in the family.

According to Mike. Fannie is the "head". The
apprentice in the kitchen stands before a cutting bottrd
ol greens. "Did you wash it?" Fannie asks. noticing he‘s
not paying attention to his work. His answer—a quick
"yes". He knows Fannie means business.

Liven Mike doesn't escape her orders. “Mike it (the
Russian dressing) needs it little more catsup. It‘s got to
be fixed."

“She yells at me!“ excliiiins Mike. but the smile on
his lace tells you lie doesn‘t mind.

Leaving the kitchen. she smiles. and tells you to

come for dinticr soon. “Tell them it‘s on Fannie." J

PAGE 3A

 

 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
    
   
  
 
   
  
     
    
  
   
   
    
 
 
  
   
    
  
  
   
   
    
  
   
 
   
  
  
  
 
  
   
   
  
   
  
   
   
  
    
  
 
  
 
   
  
  
       
   
     
    
     
    
     
       
         

 

    
     
       
     
   
    
   
    
    
  
    
     
    
     
   
    
    

    
   

