 

 

 

   

.. HORSEFEATHERS — .

 

: THURS. MARCH 1-0 s F . BUY

: DUCK SOUP '— March 24 THURS.“ mHHT THE Bun-EH Sam hifﬁrg
I , writtenby ‘ directodby W!“
i, Monkey Business —April 14 ' J°°°"°" “WW

I v  _ . nnncu 1.0-1.3 ;tE.—tq

: Thursday nights _ : Evoa: spin: Matinee 2:30pm.March13

: 7:30 a 9:00 ‘ some 5.1%....

I - p...3.:.‘.‘l'.'.°~“‘t."c':m

I The Unlvorﬂty At Albany

: Seniors w/tttx, $.25 'All others $.50 I pumnrmaemfm.m
'u---—---—--Cllp and SHVC-----------i

     
 
      
    
 

  

 

 anyone, male

 
 

r

 ,r , -r _ ' I ‘ And so it is over. The mm slums." season is in chariots. It ended

01:   Who quiteysuddenly at University Gym Saturday night aethe Oneonta Red
w o u] d llke t o " ~DJ'agons handed the Great Danes a 47-46 defeat in front of 3,000 fans.

. . ,v... - g It wasn't a great ballgame._what with the poor shooting and numerous

wrlte sports for turnovers. But it was damn exciting. ' ‘I .

Both teams were obviously tight and the shots that normally would have

the  on Sun- fallen Just nit: go] in. Only a few stood out. Certainly Ken Ford. the

. I . ournamen ,- did not seem to be affected b the ressure. with his-

day ,at 7 p.m. In perfect ﬁeld goal percentage and ﬁne play throughoutPOne‘onta's Kevin.

C  3 2 9  l l Croutier played a ﬁne game. '
v _ - But for most of the others. it was not their day. For Albany. it was Gary

 reporters Ixﬁ‘tlyiritttlte ﬁrst half and Barry Cavanaugh in the second. That was
must attend.

 

   
   
 

lt‘s unfortunate that the teams didn't play the kind of basketball they were,

MEN'S TRADITIONAL
SILADIUM® RING

,, ONLY $59.95

 

 

 

a

 

The Albany Men’s Intramural Association

and

T h e W o m e n ’ s Intramural Recreation
Association Councils

EOPSA

Support the concept and. philosophy of the proposed
STUDENT RECREATION "CENTER

And urge all University Men and Women to Vote

In Favor of the Project.

ml '

funded by student association ‘

 

 

- MARCH 8. 1977

 

 

._.._. .. nae, _;;.h.,.,..~, .54.,” “New...” m -~.—_W.....W—wv .. rm, .-, .,

  

 

 

 

ﬂRTQ‘lRVED RING DAY

That’s when the ArtCarved representative will be here
to help you select your custom-made college Jewelry.
It’s also the day you can charge your ArtCarved
College jewelry on Master Charge or BankAmerIcard.

place: CC Lobby time: 10am-4pm
'l‘oday, Tues. March 8
& Wed. March 9

 

 

reason for such a low-scoring git The ‘ me.
the type of play the Danes had V n employing , _
One can only hope that the fans‘who were at the game w l '

the Danes only for that particular game. Because it was not a typical Albany ' :y'

ballgame. .

All year long. the Danes would play fairly adequate in the first half I

then come out/roaring in the second. That was their “bread and butter"
period. and if a team had less than a ten point lead onlthe Danes after
intermission. they were as good as dead. . v I

For example. in the Plattsburgh game of Feb. l6. a game the Danes had to '
'win to stay alive in the SUNYAC race. Albany trailed by as many as 13 points ‘
in the ﬁrst half and were losing by eight at the end of it. And sure enough. they
ended up winning it albeit by a scant point. . ' «

And in the final game of the season. the Danes played Union toa standstill
in the first half before virtually blowing them off the court in the second. At
home. the Danes were almost a lock. The only game they had lost there all
year was a ﬁve-point'decision to Siena at the Capital District Tournament
way back in December. - ..

But all that was thrown out the window Saturday night. Playing their usual
lackluster first half. the Danes with the aid of Trevett‘s hot shooting. were
able to escape with a two point lead at intermission. But this time. there was
to be no Dune second halfturnaround. In fact. for a while there. it looked as if
Oneonta was going to blow Albany right out of University Gym. And that is
just not done.

But thanks to an incredibly inspired Cavanaugh. the Danes not only saved
embarrassment. but almost pulled out the victory in one ofthe mostexciting
late-game rallies to be seen there in quite a while. And although the Danes fell
one miracle short. it was at least satisfying to see them comeback the way
they did. That is always the mark ofa true champion: to come from behind in
the latter half of the game when it is all on the line.

People may not remember that this year's Albany Great Danes ﬁnished
with it 19-7 season. They may not remember that the Danes compiled an i I-
game winning streak under the intense pressure ofa SU NYAC dogﬁght—put
in the position of winning their last ﬁve conference games watching the
tournament from the sidelines.

And people may not even remember that the ‘76-‘77 Danes went the

furthest that any previous team had ever gone (Albany finished third in the ~

1969 East Regionals and fourth in I975).
No. people only want to know who thc'winner is and what have you done
for me lately?
But it was a satisfying campaign. Who can forgetthc ﬁnal Siena contest?
But now it is over and the Danes must start all over in the fall.
Perhaps Barry Cavanaugh put it best when he wrote on the blackboard

‘ following Saturday's defeat. He wrote: “it‘s been a helluva year."

 

It‘s all here at CW. Post: a beautllul 350-
acre campus. less than an hour from midtown
Manhattan and the Hamptons. minutes from
beaches and golf courses . . . residence halls.
theaters, sports laclllties.

It's The Summer Place . . . to accelerate
your education, enrich your Illa. meet your
career/Illa style objectives.

A full range of undergraduate, graduate.
weekend collage and continuing education (non-
dogroo credit) courses . .. plus special institutes
and workshops. .

a Summer Sessions (day and evening):
May 20«June 23/Juno 24-July 28/July 29—Sept. 1
Weekend College Session begins June 25.
July 9 or 10
Summer courses are also available at the Suffolk Branch
Campul. Blentwood, L./. o (516) 273-5112
For the Summer Bulletin. phone (516 209-2431
or write: OIIIcc oI Special Programs. x 0
LONG ISLAND UNIVEFi ITY

aw paost cen er {HF

REENVALE. NEW YORK itsaa

 

g__

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

:Paoa TWENTY-ONE

 
 
      
 
 
     
     
   
   
       
   
    
   
  
      
  
  

  
 

  
 

   
   
 
   

m ..~ .2-1. 7' 

, iﬂ'i’e’ﬁn‘ A 1“-

 

 

 

