 

 

 

 

Soeﬂes’l

in rue

Zm~2m alumni moo Canaan

aces ~racsn me cinea- room
Lott: Eilfﬁiifﬂltlﬂﬂilf~FUH~GﬁﬂES

Items all sat: ‘ng 959‘ it) cc. Loss)

 

 

A SUNYA based crisis and
counseling center which
provides:

Hotline I
‘ Walk-in and personal counclling

In Addition We Offer:

0 Outreach discussions about Mislle Earth services
o Workshops tailored to meet various needs
0 On going groups in areas such as:

-Assertion training

-Human Sexuality

-Liie Change Crisis

 

If interested in workshops, Outreach discussions or
group,
Contact Neal Borox,‘ 457-7588
Services are available to all

   

 

 

 

1 columns

 

, ' Whose Panama

' Canal

by Allan [touch

A few weeks ago in Washington DC.
President Jimmy Carter of the United States
and General Omar Torn'jos ,Herrera of
Panama signed a controversial new agreement
regarding the future status of the Panama
Canal. This new treaty would provide for a
gradual Panamanian take-over of the
waterway. leading to full Panamanian control
by January 1. 2000. The Senate must conﬁrm
the new agreement before it can be
implemented. and this ratification vote has
prompted a heated debate among the different
political factions in the United States. Before
reviewing the opposing opinions on this
matter. it would be a good idea to examine the
history of the original agreement. to see who
really has history on his side.

The canal was originallythc life-long dream
of a French engineer. Phillipe llunau-Varilltl.
Bunau-Varilla was a member of it French
company that was headed by Ferdinand dc
Lesseps, the man who built the Suez Canal. De
Lesseps thought that Panama wasthc best site
to build a canal which would link the Atlantic
and Pacific oceans. because he thought that
the terrain of Panama would make it possible

Is It?

that the United States would buy rights to the
canal and ﬁnance its completion.

After some behind the scenes lobbying. the
Senate voted to offerto Columbia, which then
controlled Panama. $10 million in gold, plus
annual rental fee of 3250.000. for rights to the
canal. The Columbians refused the offer.
Teddy Roosevelt. dragging his“big stick" into
the open. declared: “i do not think that the
[Colombians] should be allowed to
permanently bar one ofthe future highways of
civilization." When William Cromwell. the
lawyer for the French company. visited
Roosevelt that summer. they worked out a
plan whereby the province of Panama would
secede froln Columbia. followed by United
States recognition of the new country.
followed by a favorable canal treaty with the
new Republic of Panama. The scheme was
quickly put illto action.

On Sept. 24. I903. Bunau-Varilla met with
tile future President of Panama. secessionist
l)r. Manual Amador Guerrero. Amador
wanted a guarantee that the United States
would support his revolutionary struggle.
Bilnau-Varillll met with Roosevelt. and
although the President offered no absolute
assurances fo United States support. the

‘ Thei903tmtyhu nedineifeetfor‘ld
years. Riots over eon ' " the broke
out in I964, causing resident Johann to

begin negotiations‘fortheturhing over oftlu ;, -

calm to Panama. The also broke out in the .
canal zone itself. resulting in the deaths of .,

three Americans and i7 Panamanian i-ightim.
Thirteen years of on and off negotiation
resulted in the new treaty.‘ ‘ ‘

Opponents of the treaty. led by Ronald
Reagan. cry sellout. They note that not only
are we turning over the canal to Panama. but
we are paying them for their troublelﬂ'lierels
a clause in the treaty calling for a raise in the
United States rental fee from $2.3 million to
$l0 million per year until the year 2000.)

We did build the canal. and we have'been
running it forthe whole world for 7‘ years. We
never denied access to anyone. Why should we
have to trust the Panamanians? Will they be
able to run it better than we can? We must
assure safe passage for United States warships
in case of a crisis. One conservative
spokesman said: “If we are going to rcturnthe
canal. why not be generous and return the
Louisiana Purchase?" Ronald Reagan offered
this testitnony to Senators investigating the
treaty: "We should be generous with the
nations of the world. but ltot obsequious.
What. pray tell. will be gained by giving one of
the world‘s greatest waterways to a dictator
who seized power at the point of a gun and
who obviously finds himself much more at
home with totalitarians on the left? Is there
any reason to believe that the canal is safer
front terrorists when the canal is protected by
the Panamanian National Guard than by
American Marines?"

The proponents of thctrcat y. myself among
them. feel that this treaty will alleviate some of

inform us that it can be re-taken militarily. int
‘ ever came down to that. The United States has

Senator "eyeballs, propo 'oft
once.qu “.Wesilouldll't return}
Westole it fair and square}? indeed" histo
shows, our diplomatic maneuvering in the.
early 1900’s was somewhat underhlnded.  r

' for the rise in the rental fee, this'fee , '

paid from canal revenues. and not front-nay

. American pocket. Jhere is some risk in

  
  

turning over the canal. but our Chiefs of  3 l

seven separate navies. ope for each different
ocean. and need not rely on' the canal to
transport warships. Most of our bigger ships
can‘t even fit through the canal. The
proposition that we should also return the
Louisiana Purchase is an invalid comparison.
because in Louisiana we bought the land; in
Panama we bought the rights to the land.
Foreign control of Panama‘s canal is the last
remaining taint of imperialism in the Western
hemisphere. and should be returned with
dignity.

Conservatives say that our leaving Panama
is yet another sign of American non-
commitmcnt. They see a shnnking America
trembling in fear from a " Banana Republic"!
disagree. i think that after America's boastful
adolescent years of Manifest Destiny and the
“big stick“. we have matured enough to admit
when we are wrong. it‘s a sign of leadership
ability. We may be shrinking physically.'but
we are growing ten-fold in our ability to be
noble. and to do the right thing. even if it

w"“  N  50 00 “7 members 0f 'he unlvefsny commum'y' foracanal m be bum [hem Wilhm" anyIOCks' "19551113 W35 (Wile 0'01"? The United 513195 the ill will that the Latin-American nations means taking a loss.
0 7“ till/0 Obi/Ml“ ZWi'rt’ Sw/o DOOR "90‘" W" W" H°""'° 457'5300 V “C was WFQ'IBt “"4 by “39' "'5 minim“ W” wanted the cunul. and would suppon anyone harbor toward the United States. The Many nations are militarilystrong and self-
or drop by our office  bankrupl- l l” ‘ rugged mm" ‘0‘ Panama W110 cnllﬁnCCd the Chances for its realization Panamanians have been threatening terrorist sufficient. but it isthe United States that must
.  g a Room 102  made the dlgglng CXermt-‘ly difﬁcult ‘and Amador returned to panama where he activities and sabotage to get the Americans show the world that. as President Carter so.
Ma   v e h l . H M & expensive. Over 20.000'workcrs died from successfully led a Panamanian revolt over the out. In a "me when we'musi may.“ a muted aPuy'pu‘ u. t. I _ ' heme we“! also cam“?
' REQUIRED AT DOOR 5‘; "Yb"; "d g malnou- Thc only hopclorlhc company was Columbmns. thanks to a large degree to front to stem Communtsm.afamttysqunbbte With ll the responsibility of being fair."
utc ua \ ' t
' so revises, . - . t .

 

 

all... OCTOBER 15‘“.r 800

 

 

 

 

 

STATE . .

[19575 i
®¢Uo  " 
'PHIGENIA IN TAURIS
iNch: 8 -l2

THE CREATION°f THE W
AND OTHER BUSINESS on”,

three: 6 - Io
THEATRE °f Lil-it ASSURD
U'TElBo  ‘ 
THE GOOD WOMAN°f5ETZUAN

amazon. ll- l5
THE MAIDSO

many 2 ~ e,
THIEVES' CARNIVAL
oﬁi’leﬂteﬂe v

 

ta-sosenerai use educ/sndt ID 'ftl-SOSUNYA taxcard

 

 

 
   
      
   

Pele 'l'ownsentl & Ronnie
Lane-’I’his long awaited solo
I.l’ from the Who‘s l’eter
Townsend tliltl Ronnie Lane of
Small Faces 'is a departure
from hard rock to a collection
of low key cuts-John lintwistle
and Eric (‘lapton also appear

 

 

 

EACH
List Price
6'93 Sale thru Octobert

Roger Daltry-This mike twirl-
ing champion of British rock
music expands his Who image
on this third solo LP-
Mc('artney. Alvin Lee. ICntwis-
tie. Rod Argent & Mick Ron-
son also join in

 

 

   
    
       
 

    

\ ~o,

We
*' mellow

 

211 Central

' this nmm‘ a mitt-u

        
 
    
  

AI sates lllill October 1

 

BRAND NEW
STEELY
DAN

Also on sale

List Price
7.98

 

  

Avenue

 

 

 

  
   

all erformancesmt ea resnthe ltro .INGARBCEMEA ” I
. Pu peffonn cos We: -5 urdarevenn o-
“CKETS W13“ mil-mm- e rv film - I :55 99"" y 
PALACE lliealec f3:.’.":.”§£. 3:}; Us: "3"“i‘iilts’ﬁ’ﬁmmmm  an

 

5m i as s s. "
l- We at? sillsiﬁﬁﬁl‘hillﬁ await.”
5;  9 (“no will br- and t “MW omu'ot aim» in

 

 

   

 

 

 

 “““-‘*L3m  sWilllll‘llllilllllllllllilillilllllllillllilillhmllllmmllllf'i

 

 

 

 

