 

 

l

i..
,t
i.
r

I

 

, HfLLEIZ'rtdrhelprodit .
Cafe Mercer“: W41? "'

. Saturday, Nov. 10 9 pm"
‘r~ ‘ ~ ‘ cc Ballroom

A, nightclub oi nonstop entertainment!
* ~ MIXED gRINKS‘
GOOD FOOD

 

‘:» An

$J5 - JSC' $1.25 - Tax $1.75 til/o Tax

funded by student association

The unsolved problem of how to
dispose of deadly radioactive waste
now threatens the future of nuclear
power in the U. S.

11ie Department of Energy has
warned that if action is not taken
soon, the lack of storage space for
nuclear waate might force the closing
of 23 US. atomic power plants, star-
ting in I979. '

And the White Home Council on
Environmental Quality recently

, recommended that the use of nuclear

power not be expended unless a
solution to the waste problem is
found soon.

More than 3,000 tons of radioac-
tive waste are now stored in tent-
porary facilities, some of which
already have sprung leaks.

“The immediate problem," said
one industry ofﬁcial, “is that the
utilities are running out of space."

During the next decade, U.S.
nuclear plants are expected to
generate nearly 20,000 more tons of
radioactive waste. And President

 

 

 

ChriésWRush

{have};
Memorial Chapel

Union College
Sunday , November 20 8:00 pm.

  

Tickets available at Union’s
Student Activities Office and

JUST A SONG

Carter recently proposed that the
government store both this and
spent nuclear fuel from foreign
countries as well.

industry spokesmen, while prais-
ing the Carter proposal, agreed it
was only an interim solution at best.

“it is no more than a short-term
answer," said Carl Waske, president
of the Atomic industrial Forum, “a
way to avert a possible shortage of
fuel storage capacity."
Environmentalists were not at all
pleased with the President's plan.
“The public should not be misled
into believing this policy will usher in
new solutions," warned Richard
Pollack, director of Critical Mass,
the Ralph Nader anti-nuclear
organization. “The government is in
as much ofa quandary about what to
do with the waste material as it was
two decades ago."
Until last year, much of the
utilities' radioactive waste was
shipped to a reprocessing plant in
West Valley, NY, where some of it
was reconverted back into nuclear
fuel and the rest into high-level
nuclear waste, ultimately to be dis-
posed of by the federal government.
But in September 1976, Nuclear
Fuel Services, a subsidiary of Ghetty
Oil, abandoned the nation's only

 

 

 

University Celebrity Series
in conjunction with Music Council

presents N-Y' Philharmonic Virtuoso

3’ Nov. 20, 1977 at 3:00PM
‘ Page Hall, downtown campus

 

works by Lev,
Handel,

J S Bach,
Mozart

$3.50 general

$3.00 students

$1.50 SUNYA students
w/SA tax card

 

 

limited tickets available at PAC box office
(518) 457-8606

 Featuring SUNYA’s Faculty Member
G. Randall Ellis (oboist)

 

“MM-cm a.“

 

 

 

., ' reprocessing plant on
the grounds that it wasn‘t commer-
cially feasible.

Then last spring, President Carter
announced that commercial
reprocessing of spent nuclear fuel
would be postponed indeﬁnitely
because of the increased risk of
nuclear weapons proliferation that it
poses.

Since then, the utilities have been
requesting an expansion in the size
of theirtemporary storage pools, but
federal ofﬁcials concede that expan-
sion of those facilities is not a long-
term solution for the storage of
radioactive material —— some of
which must be safeguarded for as
long as 250,000 years.

Gordon Corey, vice-chairman of
Commonwealth Edison, said several
months ago that nuclear power
would become uneconomicai if
utilities had to store their spent fuel
permanently.

This means that the federal
government must establish either a
central storage facility or u perma-
nent disposal site. The problem is
that no one seems to know how to
store these highly toxic wastes.

“The real question iii what do you
do with the wastes that are there.”
said James Grifﬁn of the Depart-
ment of Energy. "Everyone‘s

. . 
 m

,Cartar alv'aa Support to Humphrey-Hawkins Bill
WASHINGTON (AP) President Carter formally threw his support today
behind the Humphrey-Hawkins bill that would set a I983 unemployment
rate of 4 percent as a national goal without mandating speciﬁc programs to
combat joblessneaa. “This is an ambitious objective and one that may prove
very difﬁcult to achieve, but setting our sights high challenges us to do our
best," Carter said in a statement issued at the White House. The
administration's support for the Full Employment and Balanced Growth Ac.
of I977, the Humphrey-Hawkins bill, culminates negotiationsthat began in
June for a policy aimed at reducing unemployment. The legislation is named
after Sen. Hubert H. Humphrey, D-Minn., and Rep. Augustus Hawkins, 1)
Calif, its original sponsors.

Somalia Eapeia Soviets From Beaaa

NAIROBI, Kenya (AP) Somalia, angry at the Soviet Union's tilt toward
rival Ethiopia, is expellingthe Soviet navy from its chief bases on the Horn of
Africa and ordering thousands of Soviet advisers out of the East African
country, Radio Somalia has announced. The broadcast Sunday said the
Marxist government was also breaking diplomatic relations with Cuba,
ienouncing th' 1974 friendship treaty with the Soviet Union and ordering a
reduction in tne Soviet Embassy staff in Mogadishu. the Somali capital.
Somalia has been the Soviet Union's chief ally in East Africa since 1969. But
recently Moscow has been pouring arms into Ethiopia and denying them to
Somalia in an attempt to end the rebellion in Ethiopia‘s Ogaden region by
Somali tribesmen who want to join the territory to neighboring Somnlin,

Typhoon Hite Indie, Seventy-seven Lose Lite
MADRAS, Indie (AP) A weekend typhoon and torrential films (but
battered southeastern lndia claimed at least 77 lives, a Madras \iiiiL‘
government spokesman said Monday night. The powerful storm passed limit
the Bay of Bengal and over the southern part of indiu on Saturday.
completely cutting communications tothe region of Nagaputtinam. u constrrl
city 250 miles south of Madras. First reports said there was no loss of lrlc. but
heavy casualties were reported once outside help reached the stricken arch
The state government estimated that some 1.000 persons were injured and
l5,000 made homeless by ﬂash flooding which fOIIOch the storm.

Forty-two Dead In Hotel Fire

MANILA, Philippines (AP) Recovery teams pulled 42 bodies lr'ont the
burned-out shell ofthe Hotel Filipinas in downtown Manila today. and one
of the dead was idnctiﬁed as an American. Fire Marshal Francisco Agudon
predicted a death toll of at least 50. The Red Cross said the dead American
Was Kenneth Charles Eccleston of Riverdale, Md. Recovery efforts, like the
battle against the ﬁre itself, were hampered by rains brought in by 'l yphoon
Kim, which was passing north of Manila as the early morning ﬁre broke out.
Firemen fought winds up to 50 mph to keep the blaze from spreading to
nearby hotels, restaurants, airline ofﬁces and shops.

Burning Candle Causes $20 Million Damage
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) Police arrested a rail freight guardloduynnd
‘ a-eandle he left burning when he passed out detonritcd 30 ions oi
dynamite aboard a boxcar, killing 58 persons and rnvuging the Sout hcrn L‘II y
of lri. Authorities said Shin Moo-ii, 36, told them: “l'm sorry for the drcrrtllul
outcome of what i did." They said he admitted being drunk Friday evening.
the night of the explosion. According to new ﬁgures released today, the blusl
injured 1,343 persons, destroyed or seriously damaged 1,955 buildings, lcll
9,973 residents homeless and wrecked a mile of railroad track and 105 l rcighi
cars. The damage was estimated at $10 million to $20 million.

House and Sonan Center on Electric Rates
WASHINGTON (AP) A House-Senate conference committee trying 1“
draft a national energy bill is tackling what could be one of its biggcnl
stumbling blocks-electric rates. President Caner and the House say uiiiillt‘h
should be required to charge less for electricity used during the night or an
other off-peak times. The Senate disagrees. The committee handling non-tux
parts of the energy program begins work today on resolving that difference.
wtth neither House nor Senate conferces indicating they are willing to W“!
much ground. A second conference unit handling energy taxes tiiso was
meeting today in its effort, fruitless so far, to reconcile the wide differences
between chambers over energy taxes.

Fireman on Strike. Britain Coping Well

LONDON (AP) Britain‘s ﬁremen walked out of theirstation houses today In
an unprecedented nationwide strike for more pay. Union leaders claimed Illc
action was nearly total. But the first few hours of the strike brought less thou
the normal number of emergency calls, and ofﬁcials said a hastily trnincd
backup force of servicemen and civilian volunteers was coping wcli- In“
strike was the was the most serious challenge so far of the Labor
government's determination to maintain its I0 percent, anti-inﬂation ceiling

'0“ “"1"” “We increased, now in its third year. The ﬁremen, whose weekly

pay base averages 8115, are demanding a 30 percent increase.

 

. pondering that." (PNS),
pace: TWO ALBANY STUDENT mass NOVEMBER 15. 1977

.u , we:

 

Country» squire Housed ‘
126‘ Students Back in ’64

by Matthew Cox
The Country Squire Motel was
used to house about I26 SUNYA

delays on the uptown campus kept a
large number of students from mov-
ing into new dormitories there.

The 126 students were placed at
the motel by housing administrators
after it became clear that Dutch
Quad, the ﬁrst of the new dor-
mitorics being built, would not be
ready to house students by the start
of the school year.

About 600 students had been
schedulcd to live in the new dor-
mitories. Most found themselves
placed at four area motels until con-
struction of the new dormitory was
complctcd.

in anticipation of the additional
housing space, enrollment that full
had been expanded to it record
number. Their expansion combined
with construction delays made the
housing shortage particularly acute.

in addition to the students at the
Country Squire, there were 74
students housed at the Governor's
Motel, also located in (iuildcrlund.
Both these motels housed mnlc
studcnls only,

About 200 women lived in the
'lhruwny Motel on Washington
Ave, across the street from the pre-
sent S UNYA campus. Two hundred
more women lived at the Town
House Mutcl on Western Ave.

Housing policy iii the time kept

    

students in [964, when construction -

male and female students from living
in the same dormitories.

A ﬁrm called Albany Traction Co.
provided transportation for the
istudents, who had to be bussed daily
to__clssses on the Draper campus.
I'SUNYA purchased two busses of its
own to provide additional service.
Tltose purchases marked the start of
what has grown to become the pre-
sent fleet of 14 SUNYA busses.

The State University Emergency
Fund absorbed the costs of renting
the motels, which amounted to
$1800 a day.

At the Country Squire Motel,
students were doubled. tripled, rind
in some crises quadrupled in rooms.
There were no laundry facilities at
the motel (there are none there now).
but the students were able to eat
breakfast at the motcl‘s restaurant.

All 600 students displaced by the
housing shortage ate dinner at the
Stritc Office Building Cafeteria, to
which they were bussed cach cvcn-

 
   
 

ing.
Because buses had to trike
students from four separate

locations, and transport them to
both downtown campus and State
Office Building. the first bus
schedule released by the university
was 14 pages long.

'l he buses made no stops between
their points of origination and
destination, and only students who
lived at the motels were permitted to
ride.

 

  

Prose

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Ila-ANY 8. NEW YORK

#- Al liANY
DUANESBURG ll

 

no men on living quadrupiod Ilrowrevulrlnlam.

 

idi Semester 1954 Sea: lid

1- Al iAMl’lNl ‘r - ,_

U LONG EIGHT MILES to Albany (Insert phase of road “In, from the Count

BEHIND.“ 15. IBM

  

‘, ’ Delays

semester.
be ready to

The cost

t‘iuiipll‘\ nnvr

ry sun. .mr who"

RIIIItvI ' ,
A 1904 ASP reports that SUNYA students were housed at the Country Squire betoretho uptown
dormitorlea were completed. The motel accomodatoe students again this year.

Enrollment at State

600$tadaets IIaasad In Hotels

Record-shuttering enrollments. plua uncli-nr Ite-
ups In dormitory construction. combined three “weeks
ago to force the University to house 000 students In
Albany nrcn motels. The University had planned to
locate these 600 in new campus! dormitories this

three new buildings will not
til mid-November.

merit In being borne by the
State University Erin-I‘-

gency l’iitid.
uni-um Delay-d I
“mumm'n' "m ' '_ .ii-i anoint-int» no inn-m...
rm \IIIiIittl-ttzttmi mm.
“mm” ""“mI' 'ln- summons IIIJ~ mm
" . ".1. r . .r... Isms-i

VOWOJO

Ia Ialidleg Unexplained

but construction was delayed so that the

Fur tact-I- lama
huts Inmln lillr Ivan rented
a mi in anttenlillllrll s in
r nu- win): 1 .m- mini-inn
I'ulltrle‘lﬂi .HttI Iitnilli-
‘rarr Iiutulunluintilr

r oocupnncy un-

        

ofthin root-tile-

       

 
  
  
  
  

     
  
   

 

m»
.. mm .ip. .. h

am r-nrma r...
.. iiplrtmilirpr

 

Il‘ll u- Iiu- rumiimm
. I-IIIIIIit'II-il‘lnqilaw

 

 

Students til the Country Squire
Motel were able to move onto the
partially completed Dutch
Quridrunglc in mid-October of that
year. Those housed ill the Gover-
nor‘s Motel were also transferred to
the new campus before the semester
ended.

The 400 SUNYA women living tit
the two other motcls were not moved
into the new housing until the
facilities were completely ﬁnished.

UPS/ROANNE KUlAKOfF

The old gasoline green buses will soon be replaced by diesel buses. The new ones require
cheaper fuel, aeat more passengers and have a longer lite expectancy.

Vandalism Blamed on Poor Patrols

A number of students living in
Brubrichcr Hull have charged that
that University Police are intrde»
quutcly patrolling the downtown
campus.

According to the students, nets of
\’rlildilii§ﬂl involving curs parked on
Strilc St. in front of liriibirchcr Hull
lizrvc coniiriucd despite efforts to
nlcrt Univcrsriy i‘olicc.

A spokesman for the University
Police Department confirmed lrist
night that ill least one our in the
\‘iL‘lilliy ol llrubiichcr' Hull had been
broken into over the weekcrtd. the
students clriimcd [but two cuts were
broken into this weekend, and
referred to earlier incidents in which
other curs had been vundulired.

Arthur Jackson said tires on his
crrr were slashed in early September,
while the cur was parked in front of
llr'uhrichcr Iinll. llub cups were
stolen from other cars, he said, rind ii
bottle Wilti thrown ill the window of
another.

Mriry Fergus, another student liv-
ing in lirubnchcr. said her cur was
one ol the twu broken into this
wcckcnd. She said another car had

NOVEMBER 15, 1977

its battery siolcn wltilc prirked in ii
lot near lirubiicher about a month
rigo.

“i don‘t feel the pritrols have been
tidcquutc,” Fergus sriid. She said it
group of kids that may be responsi-
blc for the vandalism has not been
dctcrr'cd despite calls to both
SUNYA and the Aluny City Police.

University Police Ll. David
l’rcndcrgust said it is difﬁcult for the
department to respond to such calls,
and that unless a SUNYA ofﬁcer
witnesses an act of vandalism
himself, he can not make an arrest
off campus grounds.

Combined Jurisdiction

"The area of State St. in front of
“cher hall is a combined
p-Idiction, nnd Albany Police are
the dominant authority there," he
srrid. The group that students claim
are responsible for the incidents
ot'tcn congregate in a pork across the
street from the front of Bruhncher,
he stud.

“We criri‘l kick Ilic kids out oflhc
park.“ l’rr-ndcrgnst sriid. “All we can
do is respond when we get a speciﬁc
cull. By the time we get dowrt there.

the kids are usually out of sight, he
said.

Periodic pritruls of the downtown
campus are made crich night,
l’rcndcrgrisl said, but he
acknowledged lhrit these are not
effective.

“A full iirnc patrol of the down-
town crirnpus is the only thing that
will stop this kind of thing," he said.
"We need an rill—night pritrol, and we
don‘t have the manpower at this
point to do that."

l’rcndcrgrist said surveillance by
undercover ofﬁcers in piirkcd cars
has helped to rcducc vnnduiism in
the past, but that such surveillance
was costly and time consuming.

"That's something that may be in-
stituted. though, if this vandalism
continues," he said.

A student putrol might also iiclp
to stop the vandalism. Prendcrgnst
said. When the patrol was used in the
post thcrc were fewer such problems.
he said.

"‘I‘hcre‘s nobody down there on n
steady basis. That's the problem," he
siiid.

— M. Cox

Two New Green Machines
To Make the SUNYA Scene

by Rob Van Grover

The ﬁrst of two new diesel buses
will replace an old gasoline bus for
the SUNYA shuttle tomorrow, ac-
cording to Motor Pool Superinten-
dcnt Kenneth Wolven.

The two new buses were originally
scheduled for service on Oct. 1, but
their arrival was delayed pendingthe
CDTA negotiations for the student
shuttle, which were discontinued
Oct. 27.

The new bus, which costs $38,000,
will be primarily used on the
Wellington route, Wolven said. The
second diesel bus is expected to go
into operation on Dec. 1.

The new diesel buses will seat 90
passengers as compared to the 60
passenger scaling capacity of the
buses now in use, siiid Wolven.

Wolven added that besides allow-
ing for front and rear loading which
is an improvement on the older

buses‘ front loading, the diesel buses
will last almost twice as long as the
gasoline buses. The new buses have
an 18 year life expectancy, an eight
your advantage over the present
buses, which cost $20,000.

Diesel buses require cheaper fuel

,and have lower maintenance costs,
according to Director of Purchasing
and Administrative Services John
Huggcny.

Diesel Better

“No complications with diesel
buses are foreseen." said Haggerty.
“Diesel buses are better buses.

Wolven said that the longer, ﬁat
nosed buses may possibly replace all
SUNYA‘s gasoline buses and that
two more diesel models might be
riddcd to the next ﬁscal year.

And, in keeping with what has
become it time honored tradition at
SUNYA, the two new buses will be
green.

 

Winter 0n

 

{Land atudente felt the first hinta

     

O. I ‘urs/
ce Again
And then the wet wee white....ThIe year’s Indian Summer gave
way to another Albany winter as snow blanketed the campua

 

\

 

ot the chill that [eats 'tII April. '

 

lALBAN'Y STUDENT PRESS

 

PAGE THREE

 

 
  
   

 

up»;  It.“ .-:.:-

 

 

 

