     
  
  

0wer  East ema

 

K ' ‘t—_‘ ﬁfAnEdueutional Weekend
 '   '  Experience In Human “Sexuality;
  ' '  ' Pornography "Through The A393

 

’I  .. ' 14 Short Films In
 Part 1- Best of the Erotic Cinema Celebration
 (Never Before Seen on this Campus)

Frldoy Hprll 29 [C 7

7:30 and 9:30
3.75 w/T EC cord $1.25 Without

  
  
   
   
      
    
  
   
 
  
   
   
   
  
  
  
  
    
   

 

 

 _ _‘ 7 A  Part 11- Deep Jhroat. and Guest Speaker
 I "Dr3‘73RoHeii’t'iﬁthiiiisiou

(Dr. Athansiou is an expert in the field of pornography and a visiting

r Sociology Professor at SUNYA) The Guest Speaker will present a

Short Slide Show on Pornograpy
This Movie is the Original Uncut Unedited Version

Saturday Hprll 30 K 7
7:30 and 9:30

Advance Ticket Sales

$1.25 w/TEC Card $1.75 Without

 

  
  

 

Fri. April 15

Sat. April 16 if.
LC7

7:30 8r 10:00

$.75 w/TEC Card
$1.25 Without

 
  
   
  
  
  
   
  

Advance Tickets Will Be On Sale I
Tuesday April 19 through
Thursday April 21 [1:30-2:30
In the CC Off-Campus Lounge

($.25 Discount “Tickets for Parts I & II
are purchased a.‘ the same time.)

Limit-6 Tickets per person.
SUNYA ID Required for Each Ticket
No One Under l8 Admitted
Rated X

N ' , . I , ' "
( o (lll(.\/ lu.\.\(.\ or bur/j ('urrlr I/mrurt'rllll this Event.)

 

 

 

 

V .i'bntl’lt'é4'fri2m pureed:  v

 

  

was DUGHESS AND
we DIWA‘PEB Fox

 
 

  

'transplantedfgenes of "a d'fferent species of microbe:
‘ "What_are'the dangers'po's'ed by recombinant DNA
experimentation? The following list is not meant to be
exhaustive but rather' to provide a simplistic
framework in terms of specific and general problems
with the research. .

There is. the possibility that for a toxin like
botulin might be putinto'Ecoli causing someone who
swallowed it to become sick. This gene may also be
passed on to other microbes making them dangerous
as well.

There is the possibility that in a “shot gun"
experiment the genes that an animal possesses could be
harmful when put into a bacterium. A “shotgun”
experiment involves the entire set of an animal‘s genes
being chopped up at random and put into plsmids.
There is the possibility that a cancer gene may get
picked up by chance’ in a “'shot gun" experiment or be
put there deliberately, and that this gene might
somehow be passed into the cells of someone who
swallowed it.

There is the possibility that an E.coli carrying
foreign genes could escape into the sewers and then
into the environment. A strain of E.coli developed to
be safe for human exposure may have catastrophic
effects on other organisms in the environment.
There is the possibility that an E. coli carrying
dangerous torergn genes could escape into the
environment causing an epidemic “mystery.' disease.
In View of these potential hazards the National
Institute of Health has provided extensive guidelines
undeJLwhich all recombinanat DNA research must be
conducted. There are four qualitatively different types
of research facilities. a P—4 facility being maximum
security and a P—l facility being minimum security. The
security,‘ factor determines the sophistication of the
experimentation that is permitted. Albany State will
have a P-2 facility. Of course the containment system
of any facility is only as strong as its weakest link. the
human researcher. Typical laboratory mistakes
involving mouth pipettingfthe careless use of mixing

the drains presentislgniﬂcahtjdgnge hen “Writing
potentially harmful microbes. Finally. the entire
notion of regulations and safety guidelines has been
called into question by some scientists. In this recent
episode of Nova. Harvard biologist Ruth Hubbard
stated that: “The guidelines are trying to deal with.
trying to counteract hazards that they (DNA
researchers) themselves say are unknown and until
much more work is done. unknowablc. And ldon‘t
know how one can counteract hazards one doesn‘t
know and doesn‘t understand. So I think the very
notion of formulating guidelines by way of
reassurance, I think they may reassure the public, l
think they may even reassure the investigators that

 

Co—storrlng

 

  
 

 

 
  
  

Exclusive
Area
Showing

Wolf Road
459-1020

   

 

  
   

 

L

APRIL 15, 1977

 

 

 

 

’  . ltheyare'   thing, but what the right thing
f :is a '_ .why hexthjnk-it's the right thing is not all
' -5cleai";tom"e 1“ " "

The lastissue‘lto'm'considered in this discussion of

‘ recombinairtiDN‘A research are the purposes for which
' suchivork is being done.- Most of the perceived benefits
will be in medicine: recombinant DNA technology '

might provide-a method with which to treat cancer.

specially prepared E.coli may become sources of ‘

insulin and blood clotting agents. Furthermore. there
is the hope that recombinant DNA technology may
provide anew source of ammonia, a chemical that is
rapidly increasing in price. Thus it is not surprising to
find that the pharmaceutical manufacturers and
agribusinesses are actively engaged in recombinant
DNA work. It is somewhat surprising however. that
private industry is not subject to any regulations
regarding recombinant DNA at this time. The desire
for prof it has once again overridden concern for social
responsibility.

The potential dangers of recombinant DNA
research have been discussed up to this point in terms
of accidental consequences (ie. disease or
environmental despoilation). it is now time to consider
the fact that such research may be conducted for
deliberately destructive purposes. Science does not

The Fans

Hi small fries!

This line is heard nightly at Alumni Quad where it
represents the rallying cry of the SUNYA Downtown
Howard 1 upper Fan Club. As those of you who have
grown up in this area know. Howard 'l‘uppcr (“'l'up“as
he is aflcctionatcly-callcd) is the resident weatherman
on WRUB. channel 6. Starting his 4lst year at the same
station, Tup has his first fan club, stationed at Alumni
Quad.

While watching the news in early October. we
discovered a different kind of weatherman. one who
made the weather entertaining while enhancing our
knowledge ot'.mctcorology.-With his nightly “Hi small
fry” to all of the younger rekidcnts of Albany. and
Weather Words t‘eature'tin Which he explained the

machines. orthe disposal of bill'pf merﬁbcsdou ﬁrming“)  merous weather related terms) 'l'up
. ’ .. ' ‘1

' some of e sting out of the cold Albany air.

As the semester progressed we wanted to contact
Tup personally to tell him ofthe inception ofthe club.
After rcpcrrtcd tries by phone which were of no avail.
we wrote him a letter briefly describing how much we
enjoyed his broadcasts and telling him of our wish to
meet him. 'I he letter, signed by some 30 devotees, was
seen on I V March 3rd. Passages were read including
the one concerninng request for a personal “small fry"
from the l'rrppcr himself. He obliged us that very night.

Since that time we have received a personally typed
lcllcr lroin I up and have been in touch many times by

 

  

“UPHDAHIDUS...Iusty entrtainment."
Plllll. NEWMAN...

R GEORGE ROY HILL Fle
_. 1

sum sum-

mICHFlEL ONTKERN - LrNDsrrv arouse-JENNIFER WRRREN JERRY HOUSER
ond STROTHER mRRTlN - Written by NRNCY oowo . Edited by DEDE ALLEN
musk Superle by ELmER BERNSTEIN - Directed by GEORGE ROY HILL
Produced by ROBERT r WUNSCH and STEPHEN Foreman

R PRN RRTS PREMNTRHON I R FRlEDlMN'WUNSO'l PRODUCTION E] 
cam

R UNIVERSAL PICTURE I TECHNKOlDR"
CrerN [monomer mm at too am air. it w r rm rm r-t
FOX COLONIE

lit/innit Ntllt‘.’ 'I'lris (ll‘lft'lt’ was written by the llon-arrl
Tripper l'rIIr ( 'Iuh.

 

“um; it is an‘integr l part of‘

nrnaijiy waysbee'neo-op” .ytbeﬂ tern

. 'ome" an gamma-sic mammary-

ind str' mplex. That'scientiﬁc teehnbl'ogy can bei  '
put to..n1align as well as benign ends“has been 
demonstrated time and time again. If the scientist has
refused to accept responsibility for his actions the
community, the people. cannot afford to do so. We
must accept and be equal to the challenge, meeting its
demands in good faith and sober awareness. However,
the' bad faith of certain sectors of the’ scientific
community ought not to blind us to the fact that. as a
group of men and women, scientists have been
involved in all the great steps of human liberation.
What is necessary is a new relationship between the
scientific and the lay communities. a relationship based
on common morality and mutual regard.
Concerned students, faculty members. and citizens
are urged to watch Nova‘s "The Gene Engineers"
produced by WGBH-TV in Boston.The show presents
both sides of the issue objectively forcing the viewer to
make a choice.

 
 
   
  
 
   
  
 
   
 
  
   
   
 
 
 
  
    
  
   
    
  
   
 
   
 
  
   
  
   
 
 

 

The electron microscope photograph of a
recombinant DNA molecule was taken by Dr. D.
Holmes at the California institute of Technology.

of Weather

phone. “The membership has skyrocketed since the
letter appeared on Channel 6,“ said President Kevin
McElroy. whose name was mentioned several times
during the broadcast that memorable night. Ol'all the
members. 'l'up has grown especially fond of Vice
President Mike b'crrcntino. who has made most of the
phone calls.

Another major part of the fan club's letter read on
the air dealt with our desire to hold the First Annual
Howard Iuppcr Dinner and Dance. “Should our
r membership reachthe goal we have established." said
club secretary Alan Kraut who also doubles as
Chairman of the Dance Committee. “the dinner will
become a reality. We are currently looking into
restaurants as well as caterers."

Director ol Personnel, Brent Baldwin is exploring
many vrrricd methods of attracting new members.
Baldwin explained. “ the TV exposure helped a great
deal. as President Mcbllroy mentioned. but we're not
stopping there. We plan on selling 'l'up 'l'-shirts.
advertising on campus and we're attempting to get a
table in Mr lobby ol the Campus Center in the near
future. as soon as the autographed pictures that 'l'up
promised arrive. ()ur best recruiting agent however is
I up himself."

Even though the Weather Words feature has been
tcrmrnrr'tcd we still watch I up unlailinglycvcry night at
b pm. Watch Trip and you‘ll see what we mean.

llyc small lrics!

 

 

   

-BobTbomas. ASSOCIATED PRESS

        
    

 
  

— - r

\

From April 1 throuthunc 14. you can ﬂy r'oundtn‘p from
New York to Luxembourg for only $410.

That's $89 less than the youth fare you'd pay on any
other scheduled airline. (From Chico to you pay $458 thru
April 30 and $430 from May 1 thru Line 14.) All you
have to do is be underth age of 26.

There are no booking restrictions. We give you the same
service you'd get from other airlines. without the same high
arsts. So, if you're not i] ing Icelandic to Eurtipe. you’re
spending more than you ave to. We'll give you c
on fares and on our New Horizon Escorted Tours. too.

to Europe and bank

r—loelandic Airlines. Dept. thN

.’O. Box 105, \M:st llernpslead. NY “552

See your travel agent. Or call toll free: (800) 5551212.

Please send infonnation on kielandic's low-cost fares and New
Horizon Esurrted Thurs of Europe.

best deal

Save $89 on jet fares

anytime you want.

 

 

 

 

 

 
   
    
   
    

  
    
 

Evcz7-9230
Srrl Jr. Sun Mar»
2-4120

 

    
      
  

Name
Address .

I City Stale Zip

LFnres subjch I" change and guv‘tappmvnl. J
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ ._—._—.——._._—.____

leelandi

 

 

 

 

Lowest Jet fares to Europe of any scheduled airline. J

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE SA‘

#73?!”er xv- - kw 1mm» _ . I.“

 
  
    
 
  
   
  
 
 
  

 

