 

.a.ﬂh....~mr...»M~wHM.~.m w... . ,, A...

.m. “a”... .Ahw . ,,____,_§

‘ zmor

 

Philadelphia 1

byG.P§loilZlohm, ,"
-- Jimmy‘j Carter’s; espousalof human
rights is calculated-to reaffirm the
al element in American
lo" acy. That 'detentel has been
 some jeopardy as a result of
dis held up as testimony to Mr.
sincerity.’ The scope of the
U rights campaign is narrow:
addressingitself almost exclusively
to .‘the'rights of pelitical dissidents.‘

' ' communism has become its whipping

boy. Yet "torture. starvation. and.
enslavemen't. are at least as
fundamental an attack on human
rights as the violation of political
freedom. "

Genocide in Paraguay. a collection
of-essays'., chronicles precisely such
an attack on human rights. In
Paraguay." a 'land-locked South
American nation. an entire. people.
the Ache Indians. are the victims of a
deliberate policy of extermination
implemented by the Paraguayan
dictator Alfredo Stroessner. _

"'ln '7'tlie! United States‘ the' media
blackout of- “Paraguay's ~ genocidal
po’lioies’ has- been almost total: the

» European press has demonstrated far

more generosity in its. coverage.
"Some stories," writes editor Richard
Arena. “have tovbe forced open." This

' won in hiiTessay- “Killingth

 'Ach. I
my hunt gains and .collect‘ wild

. ' plants, and they inove after the game
herds and, seek out thabeds of edible;

.veget‘ation. They '1 lack the
organisation of. formal ' states but
order their relations with one another
through ties of kinship and marriage.

"Access to the means of production is
governed by cﬁteria of age. sex, and

personal skill. but there are no
mechanisms for depriving a man of

‘the ability to hunt nor for making one

man do the work of another.

Mark Munzel. author ‘of "Manhunt".
spent practically one year with the
Ache as an anthropologist. "Having

previously learned their language and
familiarined myself with their culture.
I wasplanningto study their religious

customs. Instead I discovered the’

murder of a nation."

Hunted by plantation workers with
the aid of military personnel and
equipment. a police ‘ chief once
declared that people “kill Aches very
calmly and without / any
compunction." Those who are not

» killed (Munzel estimates that 50 per

cent of the Northern Ache have been
wiped out by disease. despair. and
murder between 1962 and 1972) are
enslaved-sine men in" the fields.
women as prostitutes. and children as
domestic servants. "The price of
Indian slaves." according to Munzel.

’- . ‘fhas fluctuated botween 85.00 and'ljliat 64 per cent of the land on which- -

$1.25 over the last ten years."

' - Miinnel believes that the intentional
destruction of Ache culture is‘ *‘ing
many ways the most insidious aspect
of this genocide".- Placed in
reservations run by the Ministry of
Defense for their own "protection." the
Ache. are subjected to physical and
psychic degradation.
Undernourished. many starve to
death; medical attention is, non-
existent; the performance of religious
rites and social practices is forbidden;
the tribe's chiefs are 'tortured and
women raped. To the Ache “capture.
with the consequent transition to the
mode of life of the whites. is not
Erneaningfully distinguishable from

death."

In Paraguay the vanguard of
"civilization" has encountered its
age-old enemy—the Indian. Norman
Lewis explains that although the Ache
have always been the prey of local

'manhunters recently the slaughter

has accelerated. The reason-the
forest has been penetrated: in 1968 a
road was completed which Spened up
the final Ache sanctuary.

Though Genocide in Paraguay does
not make a systematic study of the
relation between the ever-increasing
utilization of forest resources and the
extermination of the Ache. the writers
do note the importance of such afactor
in understanding the moving force
behind genocide. Munzel points» out

_’ unison”

the ,‘Ache‘ reside 'is owned by~forest-
industries companies: forcig'n capital
accounts ioralmqgt all‘the important
branches of these industries. Foreign

corporate interests focus on the.

exploitation of forest lands. The Ache
stand in the way of this process. How
the Paraguay’an government has
chosen to deal with this problem is
- clear.

Jimmy Carter has not spoken of
genocide in Paraguay; nor did his wife
during her recent trip to . Latin
America. Congress has not called for
an end to aid to Paraguay. Aside from
the strategic and economic benefits the
Federal government and private
enterprise will gain from the
continued collaboration with the
Stroessner dictatorship there is
another, more intangible. reason for
the failure to place conditions on US.
aid to Paraguay. America’s own
development was predicated upon the
destruction of entire peoples. In 1776
Indians outnumbered the Europeans
living in former British colonies; by
1900. the United States had a
population of nearly 78 million. and
there were fewer than 240.000 Indians.

Numbering rrughly ten thousand at
the turn of the century it is now
estimated that between 800 and 1200
Aches are alive and free in their
ancestral forests. It is for them that
Genocide in Paraguay was written.
They may still benefit from the
concern of humankind.

 

-~nlnoucn
JULYlliill

SERES $5.98

. 2.99.

 A WAYLDN
 JENNINGS 
THE KING OF PROGRESSIVE
7 COUNTRY HITS AGAIN!!!

.
I.

WILLIE

‘FOR YEARS FOLKS
AHEAD OF HIS TIME.

 

NELSON—

. SAID WILLIE WAS

WELL, THAT’S A BUNCH OF CRAP.
IT WAS THE TIME THAT WAS BEHIND WILLIE.’

stars $6.98

THROUGH
JULY 16th '

 

 

 

 

 

 

Vol. 8. No. 33

_UC Approves DNA Research '

The University Council has endorsed
the report of the Council on Research
which earlier had recommended lo
President Fields lhul recombinant
(DNA) work proposed by Albany
univcrsily investigators be permitted to
go forward. subject to specific guidelines
and standards. and the president has
directed his staff to proceed with
implementing the recommendations.

President Fields. who recommended
lhc" University Council endorse the
report. stated. “As the exhaustive
research council report makes clear. the
proposed research holds strong promise
for scicnlilic advancement and the safety
precautions bcing lnkcn mccl or surpuss
Notional Inslilnlcs of Health guidelines
us well as lhc guidelines that are being
considcrcd by lhc Slulc chislulurc.“

I'Ic conlinllcd.""l'hc univcrsily has 1:
high ~rcsponsibilily lo prolccl public
safety us it pursues its l'undumcmnl role of
lhc udvnnccmcnl of knowledge and l mu
now complclcly satisfied that we are
ubundnnlly fulfilling lhosc

responsibilities. We dointcnd to continue
educational efforts that will enable
members of the university community

and lhc larger community to he kept.

abreast of matters and to become fully
knowledgeable with respect to DNA
research.“ ~

Vice President for Rcscurch Louis
Sulkcvcr said of the research committee.
“I have never seen in group explore an

issue in the. depth 'lhcy did. They

fumilizirired. ’lhcmsclvcs with all lhc
rclcvnnl lilcrulurc and engaged in
prolrnclcd discussions with informed and
concerned scicnlisls and scholars. They
dcvolcd cndlcss hours in all conceivable
lmpncls of lhc conduct of recombinant
DNA rcscurch on this campus and
nrrivcd nl what I bclicvc to be sound

judgcmcnls zls lo lhc policy we should

nllcmpl for this campus."

()nc projccl requiring P-l level of
conlninmcnl is now underway in the
Dcpurlmcnl of Biological Sciences undcr
lhc dircclion of Professor .Ioscph
Mnscurcnhus.

Vacant Campus Positions Available

Information about lhc following
campus job {’ilCilllCICS is uvnilnblc from
lhc l’crsonncl ()l'ficc. 7-3929: I’77-3I.
Assistant or Associulc Vice President for
Acndcmic Affairs: I’77-32. Dean of
lindcrgrndunlc Sludics‘. P77-49_.
Assislunl lor Continuing Education.
Collcgc ol (icncrul Sludics; P77-5l.
Rcscnrch Associate. 'I'cuchcr Education;

l’77-53. 54, Assistant Librarian (2); P77-
55., Scnior Assistant or Associate
librarian: P77-57. Academic Advisor.
llnivcrsily Collcgc: I’77-5ll. Residence
Illrcclor: P77;59. Lecturer. School of
liducullon'. [’77-60. Associate or Full

.I'rofcssor und Chairperson. 'I‘hculrc:

1'77-02. I’crforming Arts Center
Munugcr: l’77-o«l. Research Associate II.

Daughters of the Amerlcan Revolution Scholarshlp Winner Sharon Slromer. of
East Isllp. who received a Bachelor of Arts here In May. ls shown. at rlgbl.
lollowlng a presentation ceremony held on campus. Wllh her Is Mrs. Henry
Horelmsn. chalrman ol the DAR Amerlcsn Hlslory Award committee and a
member ol the Schenectads Chapter. Schenectady. The annual 5400
scholarshlp Is given by the New York Stale DAR lo I gredusllng hlslory major
here who Is prepsrlng to leach either In high school or college and who has an
overall academic slendlng of 3.0 or higher. Catharan Newbcld. professor of
hlslory, serves as chslrmsn ol the Ilseon commlllee got the award.

 

John Shumeker.

Taft Seminar Held

'I‘hirly lcochcrs. principals. and school
udminislrulors from throughout lhc state
are on campus lnking purl in lhc Robcrl
A. ‘I'ul'l Instilulc of (iovcrnmcnl
Scminurs which continUe lhrough July
IS. :

II is being sponsored for lhc sccond
conscculivc ycur by the School of
Education ilnd lhc Graduate School of
Public Affnirs with Professors Edwnrd
Surgcnl and James Ricch serving us co-
dirccl'ors.

Among lhc scheduled speakers are
Albnny Surrogate Court Judge Lawrence
Kuhn; licrnnrd Kilhourn. newly-elected
clluirmun of lhc Republicnn Slulc
Commillcc: Congressman Edward
I’uilison and Eleanor Ililllison:
chssclucr County Excculivc Willinm
Murphy. an alumnus; Slulc Scnnlors
Hugh Fnrlcy and Howard Nolan; and
Albnny Mnyor Iiruslus Corning.

Campus Briefs

Lcnu Pnylon. dircclor oflhc Academy
of l‘ilncss und lhc IZxcrcisc Consultation
liurcuu. (ilcndnlc. Mass. will conduct u
lllrcc-scssion fitness program in lhc
Campus Center Ballroom. July l2. l4.
und Ill from 4-5:15 pm. Enrollment is
limilcd and the program fee is $l5.
Registration information is available
from lhc sponsoring Student Activities
Office. CC 36L The program will be the
fourth conducted here by Ms. Puylon in
rcccnl ycurs.

Kcnnclh liuhrmuslcr. of Sconn. has

been rcuppoinlcd by Governor Hugh

Curcy lo lhc University Council for a
term ending July I. I984. _

Mr. liuhrmuslcr. 62. heads a healing
supply firm llnd is board chairman of the
Hrsl National liunk of Scoliu. III: is
president of the New York Slule Teachers
Retirement Board and former president
of the Slate School Boards Association.

" Shuméker we;
New College baa)»

Jolin Shumaker. 34. who was associate
dean of the College of Humanities at
Ohio State University for the past three
years. this Week has begun his new duties
here as dean (if the College of Humanities
and Fine Arts.

In commenting on the appointment.
l’rcsidcnl Fields suid. “From among the
many nble people we considered for lhe

‘dcnnshipu of the new College of

Humunillcs-‘und Fine Arts. .Iohn
Shumukcr emerged us the most exciting
and ullruclivc. He is in young and

‘ cncrgclic man whose appreciation of the

humanities and finc‘arls is manifest and
his livclyl‘l’ldcils foriillicir udvzmccmcnl
uugur wcll'l‘or 'llic' f uiurc.“

l)cnn Shllnllikcr graduated in I964
l'rom lhc Universilyiof Pittsburgh. whcrc
he was in Phi liclu  ppa member. with its
major tinnclussic" ,‘ Grecko Lulcr..hc
received in 'Muslcrsgfl’Al‘lslund a Doctor of:
Philosophy industries“ studies from‘thc.
Univursily of l’cnnsylvuniu. He served on
lllc fucully' of Ohio Slate in several
cupncilics beginning in I969. including
associate professor of classics. assistant
dcam. and acting department chairman.
In I973 he held a research appoinlmcnl
for six monllls ill the University of
California ul Irvine.

Dcun Shumukcr‘s- ucudcmic inlcrcslsu
tire ‘giicic‘np (lrcck lilcrulurc nndl|
palpyrology  his research centers in}?
lhosc nrcns. He also has been involved in?
discussions all u national level on the
slnlus of foreign language study an
univcrsilics.

During lhc past two ycurs hc hus hccn
dircclor of n projccl l'llndcd by lhc
Nulionnl lindowmcnl for the Humanities
lo lnlplcmcnl u conlprchcnsivc syslcm of
individuali/cd instruction in foreign
language ul lhc univcrslly Icycl. 'I'Ilc
projccl wus lundcd by lhc Nulionul
lindowmcnl for lhc Illlmunilics 1o lhc
nmounl ol' $82!.75l. lllc lurgcsl grunt
N Ii H cvcr luls mode in the urcu ol'l‘orcign
lunguugcs.

\

 

TOWER ﬁlm

Published weekly when classes are in
session by the Office of Community
Relations. Slate University of Nc'w
York at Albany. as s urvicE to the un-
iversity community. Submit items.
properly identified. in writing at least
one week prior to publication date. to
Administration 237. For further infor-
mation call 74%|. ‘

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

