 

Throata were era in ppm ,

amp little. in all mountin- at 7 the wake ol‘ an assassination and
cataral ultimo. Delhi's Moslent reportrot ,Drtne. revenge attacks
sectionwaa paralyaed by a yneral providsda stern test of the Syriatu‘
atth Israeli toldeteeonl‘roeaed abilitytoeoairol passioii__with the
am'nouraerslo Tel A'vivhg sumo troops at the Arab league
 A , ' volleys cl  force; . 1 , :

(not. ~ [ , ‘ Beirut .; Some 23.900 people attended the
 a haer’al‘at‘rlhe which fl“ underaoddrainiatbasmall
closed  shops 'and commercial hamlet. irtehtding ubinese Premier

 

PUBLIC Nona:
Hassles with
Health histtrance

Our present student health insurance plan is being
‘ evaluated.

([‘yim have any comments. criticisms or grievances

PLEA SE let to know. Forms are available in the SA

Contact 017i“: (next to C heck Cashing) in the

C untpus Center.

 

tended by student association

 

 

Albong ngphong
Orchestra

.Ittlim llcgyi. Music Director and Conductor
ALI. ORCHESTRA PROGRAM

A pots evening ot“.\lusir for the Dance“
Ravcl‘s bolero and music by
Raeharuaninot‘l‘. Moran. Satie and Creston.

ON 1? PERFORMANCE ON LY

Sat. Matt-h 1° at the Palace Theatre
'licltets 57. o and 4.50
465-4

'I‘n‘kcts now on sale for SUNDAY MUSICAL BRUNCH 2
Sunday. March 20 at the Downtown Athletic Club
[LN AM - IszM . Full buffet. champagne
Musical entertainment by the
Albany Symphony Wind l‘rio

 

 

 

 

 

Mﬂkmlmor,
nadltioulﬂm.  _. T

reported betweenthe leftist Machine
and Christian rightists. data an-
tagonists in the war that read tat
November with the arrival of the
Arab peacekeeping force. I

Chrisi‘tan villa: elders form the
Choul‘ district. also the base for
Jumblatt‘s tough mountain Druze
sect. called on Presidem Elias Sarkis
at his oIthiaI palace overlooking
Beirut to ask for protection apinst
what they said were revenge attacks
by the Drule.

Ten bodies. those of six men and
four women. were seen alongside a
lO-mile stretch ol‘ road in the Chouf
mountains.

Ibo Many Jobs?

NEW YORK (AP) Why didn‘t you
get that job you applied for?

The No. l reason .why job
applicants are turned down is having
had too many previous jobs. accor-
ding to it survey of the member
employment syricies of National
Personnel Associates. a
managementolevel recruiting
network.

“Diversiﬁed experience is an asset.
and a too«long stay at a job without
progress is a liability.” says Charles
W. Marks. executive director. “Yet a
history of rapid change without
rapid career advancement makes
employers wary. The cost of hiring
an applicant who might soon leave is
too high.“

Benecke Freed

cvntlrrtmlyl‘rom page one
Benev'se‘s Littorncy if SA apprmed.

“ l‘im Burton has consented to my
representation of Marc Benerke
beliuing it‘s in the best interest of
the class.” said Adler. “If SA does
not find conﬂict of interest. I will be
defending Marc.“

Stew DiMeo said that the matter
is undecided. "Persoually. l see
nothing wrong with it." he said.

According to Adler and Burton.
legal fees is ould not hamper
Betteckc‘s ability to pay the Clsss ot'

“One of the criteria set up is that
we get paid before the Liv. yers." said
Burton. "l‘hey realize that we hate
to how the money by next March in
order to use it for senior week se-
tiuttcs."
__._———-———

CORRECTION

Soer‘sl photogrsphs in Tuesday‘s
ts.” were impropcrli crcdttcd. On
Page lhree. the photograph ot‘ S It
Supreme Court Justice \ rein hurt:-
man was taken by Annette Donkey.
ot the Si‘ \\ A bus by Dal-t- Shapiro.
and of the band on the Podium by
Stu-ye huptcrberg, On Page Fiw. the
photograph ot‘ t‘tott-ssor Elton-er
was taken by Steu- hupt‘erberg
__—_————

NOTICS

lbe hate-tuna Mints 01210: 5...“
been relocate-st to lbs: Uttm: or 5:2»
dent UN. Campus (enter l‘t‘. lb:
\- /\ other phone number mouse»
and other noun 0‘0!) am. to in)
pm. Monday through trim) m.-
um'btwsttd hll veterans and tit-
terusntd persons are muted to not
the uterus Misti-s Counselors :31.
their new oihves the: \ A other: nun
tomcat) hosted in Admimsttation

 

 

ALEAN’YZSTUDKNT PRESS

. in.

Elections Contlnuo In Indla Through Sunday

NEW DELHI, Inla (AP) With Prlme Minister lndlra Gandhi's political
town at stake. record numbers of voters turned out Wednesday for what
may be the most crucial elections in lndla'a 30 years of independence. An
estimated 320 million voters—the world's larval democratic electorate—are
eligible to take part in the Ii've-day-long general elections. the sixth since
independence and the first with a single. united opposition group pitted
against the Congress party. The voting was marred by scattered incidents of
.violence. The national news agency reported that slit persons died and several
were injured in clashes between rural‘political groups. Results will not be
announced until Sunday evening. after voting ends in all 542 parliamentary
constituencies. The number of Parliament seats won determines which party
controls India‘s government.

COMM“ Runnlng Smootth Il'l Hanol

HANOI. Vietnam (AP) Talks“ between a U.S. presidential commission and
the Vietnamese government have been goingsowellthat ifthcy continue that
way We will love a constructive report to present to President Carter." the
commission leader told Premier Pham Van Dong today. The five-member
American commission. led by Leonard Woodcock. met with Dongafter four
hours of talks with other Vietnamese otl'icials. The late afternoon meeting at
the premier's mamion was slightly marred by the forgetfulncss oi the
American statfaidc who neglected to bring along Presdient Carter's letter to
the Vietnamese leader. Everyone laughed it off. however. as an American
olticial rushed in late and the letter was handed over.

Carter In Favor of Palestinian Homeland
WASHINGTON (AP) President Carter on Wednesday night endorsed the
concept ot a "homeland" for Palestinian requ as part of an ultimate
Middle East settlement. Carter outlined a long-range. three-point program
for achieving a pennanent peace between Israel and the Arabs. list was the
recognition of Israel's right to exist and the the establishment of permanent
and secure borders tor the Jewish state. But Caner said the Palestinian
problem is central to an ultimate settlement. "We have to deal‘with the
Palestinian problem.“ he said. the “Palestinians claim. . . that Israel has no
right to be there." Once that is overcome. Carter went on. “There has to be a
homeland prov ided lor the Palestinian relugees who have sutlered so many.
many years."

President Addresses UN During Tour

l‘hl’l'llD NATIONS. NJ. (AP) Pres'tdent Carter Ls wrapping up his first
‘tneet the people“ tour l'hursdaywuhnspectaladdress tothe L nited Nation.»
about his foreign policy goals and ideas. Although previous prestdents hat-.-
olten addressed the U..\. General Assembly in the tall. Carter's V1511 U tn:
tirst time the UN. community has been muted between sessions especully
to listen to the President. American diplomats said that by asking tor .1
special meeting instead ot waiting tor the Assembly. Carter wanted 2.»
demonstrate American committment to the United Nations and 
multilateral diplomacy. Carter‘s message was endcntly the same as the 
he took to the to“ nslolk In Massachusetts and West Vlrgmm In the past iv.
days. except on a global scale—t: wants people to think ot the l, \
government as their mend.

Congressmen Denounce Commissioner’s Decision
WASHINGTON MP) Inc New t ork congressmen have crittcucd cuss-m
commissioner Bowie huhn lor retustng to permit the New l ork ‘1 int '
plan} an exhibition game in Cuba. ln a. House speech I .n . ..
lhotrus J Donne}. l)—.\ t .descrtbtng himsett as ss litelong Linn: 
sud huhn's actions have struck .i ‘scnous blow to the image or harem
‘Cotumtssioner huhn has needlessly anatsgomzed the Cor "em *-
st‘trons." he $.lld. 'Btssetull‘s poltttcsl lttends to Congress 3:: iron »
shocked by the commissioner's hcsd«tn—the-s.ind approach to use 5.4.
duplomst‘y tits actions. uniortumlely. :oruirm the pool-.65 susyczv
barebau es s bmmess and not .1 spon.‘

FCC Partial to Government Control of CB
“ASIIINLTUX MP) aware ot :omplsinu shout cotter. v
spprmchtng chaos. tbs: federal Communzestzcm Commm‘mn .s
to .u‘t Congress tor nearly $3 {'Jlluoﬂ to police Citizens. Bond
uptditt CB llk‘ﬁl‘a: spplteuttotm lt approved. tn: money ‘2';
luck (bathe. is the ﬁst is known. to double its suit respc
:ntort'mg CH reguLtttotts and proud: .tddtttotut manpower '.
burnt: overwhelmed with the growth or C8 rsdut some t ti:
by trtqurut wtitttll intetterersx. obeser language sad prom: :2,
illeul equipment. will whether

use ol wonder
Boyle Released lrom Prison on Bond
i" lul'XHl RUNtkt'l \h -\ ‘lony’ Hoylg, once tbs: pow-:3

new :rul on charges at ordering the Wlmtio: or .t rum 7:

'.‘\\k’45<s‘l\1 Hoyt: walked out or “- atern Wmtentmy .t:

daughter. Antoinette. who was to JCCK‘HJNL‘.) to. z.-

“ sstuttgton. U C. He was "red 01153504an tend ‘l‘m under 

to in smthtus. l'ttt sorry. tellons. someday I’ll call 1 cc as m

tk‘y‘L-t said with .t smile to reporters as be walked lb:th 11:: )'

doors. Roy's: swat stuns: s yes: to the pr'odn sen-Lag tar-re :0.

terms to the drums ct I .\l\\ re. 1 .ltw; 95 ‘Joel' \ abiocsitt, its: f ~
stalwart, who were shot to data while skit-puts us their (mun-x ’5
home in Nov.

‘MABCK 18,. 1977

biﬁtairt ' » .‘:_ 1’ ‘
3. The School. of Education: is
presently opposing the... Mohawk
'l'ower conVersioii plan thathoul'd
move the school from the podium to

the downtown Draper complex by“

the Fall of ‘78. , -

The plan. proposed by the Space
Allocations Committee, is designed
to provide room for the three
graduate schools that now occupy
the upper floors of Mohawk 'l‘ower.

According to the committee. the
graduate schools of Public All'uirs,
Criminal Justice and Social Welfare
would move into, the Education
Building during the Fall of '78 as the
tower converted back to residential
use. ‘

The School of Education would
then return to the downtown com-
plex where it was originally housed
belorc the construction of the up-
town campus.

School of Education Dean Gilbert
Moore said that he felt that the op-
position stcms from the strong belief
that no academic unit should exist
oil-campus. away from the podium.

“'I he ll v d ' like th idea

‘ ‘ staging" diverted from thefts-1

stream ol' academicalfairs' brittle '

podium" said  “'l'hef main
support uniti‘jor'thc'rchool such ‘ai
the librarytand other resources are
~|ocated70rithe7podium3l ~

“'l'bere until; the inhibition to in-
tellectual linkages with "our
colleagues in other departments
which is presentcd by the move
downtown." Moore continued. “The
school does have linkages with
various other departments, Finally.
there is the psychological impact of
being separated from the podium to
consider.“

' According to Moore,.thc School
of Education Dean‘s Advisory.
Council was appointed to discuss the
conversion plan and the proposed
move with the Administration.

Moore stated that he had reacted
to various alternatives to the plan
and expressed other possibilities. but
they were “obviously not“ accepted
by the administration.

The deans of several ol‘ the other
schools involved did not share
Moore's objections and welcomed
the move to the podium.

hot/alt

SU NYA’a buses “are really lost modlllad trucks with bus bodies." says
Transportation Supervlaor Kenneth Wolvon.

Council Soon to Ponder
New Election Procedures

by Jonathan Hodges

This week Central Council will be
examining two proposals that are
designed to force Council members
to he more receptive to their con-
stituency‘s demands.

Ilic lll‘Sl. proposed by Counctl's
lnlcrnul Allan‘s Committee. culls lor
clcctions to be held Ill two parts. In
lhc spring. sludcnls would elect the
entire Council body 0| 3| rcprcscn-
lllllVL‘S. In the lull. u second election
would he licld loulluw lrcslimcntind
transit-rs an opportunity to run us
well Its lorcnig present Council
ntcmhcl's to llt‘CUlllll lor their ac-
lltlllS.

IilL' sccontl proposal. prompted
by discussion nl lutcrnttl Allan's
I‘L'L'ltllllllclltllllltlll. suggest thul the
spring illltl llic lcllllllllticr ol electing
llll‘L'L‘~tllllll’lC|'s nl Council tn the spr-
ing and the remainder In tho lull be
kept but that :t Vult: ol conlidcucc be
taken at lhecnd ill the lll'Sl scmcstcr.

II it constituency voted no con-
lidcncu. Illt' Icprcscntullvc would
then ht: removed and a replacement
clcclion would be held.

“ l hc idcn ilL‘illlId lllIVllIg two eluc-
lmns. one in lllL' springttntl one III the
lull.“ sllltl lnlcrnul Allttirs Cliuirmlin
Cary chlll. “would be to make Ccit-
mu Council representatives more
[cspunslvc and more t'cspottsrhlc. In
the second chL‘lltln. they would have
It) lltkc their record to their cott-

xtitucncy.“ V
In orch' lot citltcr uptlon to he

MARCH 18. 1977

adopted. there would have to be it
change in the SA Constitution. For
such it change to occur. the bill must
pass by a two-thirds majority in
Counctl and» then go hclorc the
students In ll rclcrundum.

His new election proposals follow
two weeks ol attempts by lntcrnul
Allttu's to restructure Ccnlrrtl Couri-
cil. lhc committee sullcrcd ll Slglllll-
cunt set brick when Counctl rejected it
bill tli.tt would have allowed the SA
Constitution to be changed WIlhOlll
going hclorc the students in the form
ol a referendum.

"()ur gnu] [In presenting con-
Slllllllmllll i'clormsl." Sllld Klein. “is
to PllhllCllc the Iucll‘ictcnctcs (ll
Councrl. the structural dclicicncrcs.
posslhlc rclorms and to let the Court-
oil. the students and the press. give
input and tilt! III the evaluation of
possible changes."

Dcclsion Postponed

In their Wednesday night meeting.
Council postponed dcctsmn on the
new clccttun proposals Illld sent
them back to lnlcrnitl Alluirs.

“I can‘t sue lnlcruttl Alftttrs not
coming to 5mm: kind of agreement
between the two proposals." sttid
Council member Dnvul Uold. ll sup-
porter ol the confidence vote plan.

“I can't help bcltcvcing." rcmurk-
cd (told. "that making Council
members more responsible for their
actions will radically change how
they will perceive and perform their
jobs."

Cir ’ n.v

obvious that Mo or 'Ifower had to' v

be returned to student use.”

Cowen ‘statedthat' there was no
opposition to the move from the
school. which presently occupies
lloors nine to 14 of the tower.

“As an olficc building. the tower is
very dysfunctional.“ Cowcn said.
"We have to go from ﬂoor to Iloor
constantly. It‘s good for a dormitory
but not for olilces.”

Admlldstrallve OMces

According to Cowcn. the only
ﬂoor of the. school that might be
affected by the plan the first year is
the ninth. which houses the ad-
ministrative offices. its that may be
one ol the floors which will be con-
verted to student use this fall.

The USPA had been located in
Draper Hall lor years before moving
to the tower.

Criminal Justice Dean Vincent
O‘Lcary also stated that he had no
strong opposition to the move.
“Since Mohawk Tower is to be
vacated. our main concern is to find

university photo sar'vlea' ‘ _

Bulldlnge on the Draper complex that once housed the School at
Education. will not house them agaln. school otlletala say. aItIiough a
Space Allocatlona plan calls tor such a move. ’

adequate space.“ said O'lxary.
O‘Lcary also indicated that the
Space Allocations Committee had
consulted with the deans of the
schools allcctcd by the plan before
the linnl decision was made.
“lhcre have been several times
when it“ the deans had time to sit

down and look at the plans." ex-
plained. 0'1.cury. .

'lhc conversion ol the tower will
begin as soon us the State
Legislature allocates the SLZ million
needed tor the conversion of the
lower and the renovation ol' the
Draper downtown campus.

SUNYA to Buy Two New Buses

by Mathew Cox

Two new dicscl buses costing $38.-
632 upiccc will be purchased for ad—
ditlontothc SUNYA busliucintime
lor use during the fall semester. ac-
cording to Robert Sticrcr ofthe Un-
iversity Ollicc lor Munagmcnl and
Planning. liut il’ the proposed
CD’I'A take-over of campus bus scr-
vicc is approved Sticrcr said. the new
buscswund possibly the whole Meet
at SUNYA buses—Will be sold to
SUNY at Stonybrook.

Buses In Summer

Albany Bus Sales in Lathnm won
the contract bid and Will deliver two
Thomas Bus Co. manufactured
buses in late summer. Stiercr said.

The diesel buses. larger and more
expensive than the present gasoline
gasoline fueled buses. will bringto lo
the number of buses housed at the
University Motor Pool. The two new

buses are expected to require smaller
maintenance costs as well. Stiercr
said.

“'l'hesc buses we‘ve got now are
really just modified trucks With bus
bodies." ‘l‘runsportution Supervisor
Kenneth Wolvcn said. Repairs rc-
quircd on present buses. he said.
costs an excessive amount ol money
and leaves mechanics little time to
pcrlorm preventative maintenance.

Additional money was recently
spent to repairtwo older buses which
hltd been removed from service. he
said. to enable the buses to pass in-
spection.

The new buses will each seat 52

with n total capacity of about 90'

(including standces). Sticrer said.
Present buses have a capacity of
about 70.

The buses willulso have both front
and side exits. and will be available

tor use on long distance field trips. he
said. None of the present buses are
deemed lit by the Motor Pool for
such trips. and student groups pity
up to $300 lur 'd clittrtcr bus to New
York City. according to Sticrcr.
Authorization Waiting

Plans lor purchase begun In June
at last year and await expected up-
provul by the University Office of
Audit and Control. Sticrcr said.
Authorization [or the purchase has
already been given by the Depart-
ment of budget. he said. ‘

Part of the terms of that
authorization was that anngrccment
between SUN YA rind SUNY
Stonybrook lor the purchase ofthe
two buses be made in case of a
CDTA take-over. Stierer said. That
deal could include the sale ol all the
SUN YA buses II a take-over occurrs.
he said.

 

 

L

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Erin Go Bragh!

Despite yesterday's cool temperatures and brlek wlnda. some Illty students met on that Blarney

Stone or an academic podlum to test that age-old axlort‘i, “Evaryone'a an Irishman on St. Patrlcti'a

Day." Alter a qulck Impromptu parade around the square. the Bone (and Daughters) cl Ireland met
to sample a Ilttle Guineas Stout. Erin Go Bragh (Ireland Forever).

1

lwplarbcro

 

J

PAGE THREE

~7 .. .. ,5 ...—<—
.. . ‘

 

