 

r1
5,

{r

{33:
‘t
i
i

.  wanna-mm» .

cells-A...

aboard the utch airlinerv'bild 330 of

Mik'l’ldoldn
, , KLM pldne had
 beenorderedtot, totheendofthe
main irun‘w’aypt rnflsovde'g'rees and

prepare for take off. "-
d.Sunday while preparing to , The Pan American jet was told to
off from~,the,,fogcshroudﬂ ' folio *1 he‘Dutch plane down the
n ".5  . . ‘ run sy.t.enturnofi'ontoataxlway
The dead included slim persons t allow’thc lead plane to take off. he
Oya’rzabai said officials" did not
ltiloWWItethe'rthe Dutch pian'ehad
‘ permission to‘talte off. “This is a key
point'ol the investigation." str-

.zabal said. ' ’ ‘

the-396cm he Pan American .
jet. officials Vsaid.,K-LM saidfour of
its passengers were Americans den-
tifl‘eda's Mr. and M' , " ills.
Mrs. Terry Twist ahdh'er Ill-month ’ A .
old daughter.» Melissa. all of Both planes had been diverted
Rochester. NY. v , here from Las Palmas after a bomb
Pan American said most of its" blast injured eight persons atan alr-
passenger's boarded the ﬂight in Los port flower shop. A Canary Island
Angeles for a lO-day Mediterranean liberation movement clatmed credit

 

Library Hours During Intersession
C LOSEI) '

Monday. April 4 through 8:00 a.m.—5:00 p.m.
Friday. April 8 ‘

CLOSED

Sunday. April 3

Saturday. April 9

i 2:00 noon— I 2200 midnight

Sunday. April [0
. (Resume normal hours)

 

public service or! brought to you by the ASP

N TI E°~

'Foliett—SUNY Bookstore
Will Be Closed

Tuesday, April 5th I

 

and '
Wednesday, April 6th
For Inventory.

Please Plan Ahead.

 

Southern
Comfort”

tastes delicious
right out of the bottle!

that's why it
makes Mixed
Drinks taste
so much I” i .
better] "2“ . Ly,
‘ v w a a y
 with: ﬁfﬁf
Cola - Bitter Lemon “drag-LL a
Tonic-orange juice
Squirt...even milk ‘
ou know It’s got to be good. . . when It’s made with

Southern Comfort

SOUllellli COMFORT CORPOMIION, lilﬂ Plilllli illlilEUR. Sl. llllllli. MO. 83132

 

 

 

 

PAGE TWO

SILKKH’I.‘ " {3.18.91

. i’ra’douid,~ u . gr _
dtverte fromrieas simutook offv
safely mfore the collision.

The Spanish news'sgency Cifera ,\

qiidtedairport sources as saying the
ﬂight Reorder from the American
plane showed the airport control

.5 Poo , . , 0.
tower had ordered Pan American sANTA CRPUIZ DE TENERIFE’ an." “and, (AP) The dam .0“ from

pilot. Capt. Victor Grubbs of
Centerport. N.Y., to move onto the
main runway.

New Program

continued from page one

School for Social Research. will be
at SUNYA Wednesday to examine
the proposal.‘

The University Senate must also!
review the proposal and upon ap-
proval. pass it on for approval to
President Emmett Fields. SUNY
Central Administration, and
registration by the Education
Department.

Title IX Meeting

The newly created University
Commission for Affirmative Action
has been designated to "advise the
President. recommend policy ap-
propriate to Affirmative Action. and
assist the Affirmative Action Office
in setting appropriate goals and
assuring their ttccom plishment."

Title IX of the Educational
Amendments ttf I972 provides that
"no person. . .shall. on the basis of
sex. be excluded from participation
in. be denied the beneﬁts of. or be
subjected to discrimination under
any \cducation program or activity
receiving Federal financial
assistance.“ One of the ﬁve basic
general requirements which must be
implemented in order to be in com-
pliance is an ittrtitutimml rel/‘-
t'l'ttlmttiutt.

To tncct this requirement.
SUNYA has initiated such a self-
study under the coordination of Dr.
DcSolc and Dr. Rnl'l'cl. lnpttt forthis
self-study on Sexism is very much
cncourltgcd. 'l‘hc UCAA Subcom-
mitlcc on Sexism invites your par-
ticiptltion ttt its npctt meetings. in
written statements or by contacting
individual subcommittee members.

ltt order to clarify tltc current catn-
pus involvement itt Title IX activities
and to provide an opporttlttity to
voice your questions and
suggestions. an open meeting has
bcclt scheduled for ll’t'tlnl'ttlm'.
.‘l/ll‘l/ l.l ill noon itt tllc Cunt/ms
('wtlvr IltII/romn. This ntccling is in-
tended as an information exchange
with the hopctlttlt those interested in
the status of wotnctt on campus will
take advantage of this opportunity
to present concerns. We invite your
written or oral comments addressed
to thc UCAA subcommittee.

Information about the ongoing
work of the subcommittee and the
times and places of meetings is
available from the members of the
group.

UCAA Subcommittee on Sexism:

Dr. Carlos Asliz (MT 0902. 7-
2594)

Ms. Mary Curtis (ADM 339. 7-
m7)

Dr. Thomas MacUrcgor (ES I ll.
7-3963)

Ms. Jcttu Whttlcn (Ul. ltl‘), 7-
8353)
#

CORRECTION
The bridge column on Page 2A of
Friday's ASI‘ was written by Steve
Nussbaunt.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

B'ﬁ't'idl‘i 'i'll'lillLIU‘JlJiti ll Well httlh

the ﬁery runway collision here of _Pan American and KLM jumbo jets
climbed to 580 in history’s worst aVIstton disaster. atrltne spokesmen said
today. Most of the dead were believed Americans. A spokesman for Pan
American in New York said 330 of the 396 persons aboard tts Boeing 747

, perished. A KLM spokesman at the airline's headquarters in Amsterdam.

said all 250 persons aboard its Boeing 747 died. including {our America“
Despite the airlines' ﬁgures, Spanish ofﬁcials on the‘lslnnd placed lltc dent h
toll at 562, with 72 survivors, including it In very serious or grave condition.
Pan American said there were 66 survivors aboard its aircraft,

Russians Upset About us. Criticism
MOSCOW (AP) Soviet leaders warned Secretary of State Cyrus It. van...
on the first day of their nuclear arms talks IMOnday that Continued its.
support for Russian dissidents could jeopardlzc U.S.-Sovtct rclttttom no”.
Soviet party chicf Leonid l. Brezhnev and Foreign Mlnlstcr Anon-t .\
Gromyko declared that the United States must adhere to thc “pt-thump. U,
nonintcrferencc in the internal affairs" of the Sovtct Union. ll Uh poilt".
ocsn't “square” with these principles. Brezhnev told Vnncc ill lhclr hm
meeting. “constructive development of relations between the two count rig. ..
impossible.“ The Soviet warnings were clearly ntmed at i’rcstdent (‘ttrtcr‘t
public attacks on human rights violations in the Sovtct Unton and cl\c\vltcl‘c.
a policy that has drawn irate reactions from the controlled Sovtct pm.

Nixon Tapes Won’t Be Published Yet

WASHINGTON (AP) Former President Richard M. Nixon‘s ttttot IIL'_\‘S non
another day in court when the Supreme Court agreed Monday to tiucldu
whether the 30 White House tapes played in the Watergate trial at Nixon‘s
top advisors should be released to the public. The high court agreed to l'C\ tctt
a ruling by the US. Circuit Court of Appeals in Washington that lltc tapes
are no longer confidential. The three television networks. public IL'ic\ Loon. it
news directors association and a recording company want to ntttkc lltc lupus
available publicly. Nixon has argued that release of the tapes would tnttnlt-
his privacy and prove embarrassing to him.

Cold WInters Leave Huge Deilcit

WASHINGTON (AP) The imported oil that fired the nation‘s lnt llitt‘t'\ thn
winter helped push the US. trade balance into a rccord deficit lot the tlttnl
time in tour months. the government said Tuesday. An ndtttttnsttnnon
ceonomist said the severe deficits of recent months are cxpcctcd to nhptntc
along with the weather. Ilut in just twomonths the nation has [lift up .t tit‘ilt‘ll
tnorc than hall'thc size oftllc $5.87 billion deficit for all of last you illltmlh
cxcccdcd exports by S] .866 billion in February. the Cotnntcrcc lit'piltiltlt'lti
said. surpassing January's record $1.67 billion difference. .litlllHt \. tll tnnt
llztd surpassed November's Si .03 billion deficit. which also had set .I tct’lttti
The nation ltas not registered a monthly surplus in the trade tit-coon. IlltL'
the $380.4 tnillion one in May.

New York State Bar Exam Will Stay

ALBANY. N.Y. (Al’) I’utting speculations to rest. tltc sttttc‘s high. ~t onto
said Monday that tltcrc will be nochangc in New York‘s hlli'C\.ttllllt.l‘1t-IItitlx
year. The Court oprpcals is sludyingthe possibility ol ililtllltitltttlltzilh \mt
York Statc bar exam ill favor ofthc Multisltttc liar lixnttttttnttot. all h i-
now used in 43 other states and the District of Columbia lint to, tlt‘ll t~
sticking to the state‘s one exam for this .lltly. ilCCllltillii! to .l.| unit-int
ttnnottttccntctlt issued Mondtty.atttl tltc study will likely l.t«t tot n » t  
yet. The court had received inquiries from persons (‘llllL'L'Illl'ti . t  on
possible switch.

Local Church Wants Free From Tradition
SCHI‘INEC'I‘ADY. N.Y. (AP) A local Presbyterian tltttttlt‘~ m' "it It
scccdc frotn its denomination on theological grounds has ltcttvttt t H.211
httttlc ovcr self-determination nttd who owns tltc lttx<tcttt>old i" :tt-H‘l
church building. The First Presbyterian Church itt Albany \tlii'ti t . l
to pull ottt of the United Presbyterian Church lit the US. I\ l l’( 1- t n 'w' 11
took a more traditional and conservatch position on \tlL‘ii tltspntt-
and homoscxtlnls in tile ministry. “()ltr viewpoint ol (‘ltttsttnt n
basis for Christianin is different from what the UPC .ts .t “illt'
said William 1‘. Lanicr. a church older. “'l he basic tiihptllc IS an
lliblc is to be taken as (iod‘s work or only us man‘s Word.“ hr at

it ‘t'. t.

w: l’t.

I.‘_l ‘llr

G.E. Awarded Grant for Nuclear Reactors
SCHENI‘ZCTADY. N.Y. (Al’)Tllc General Electric Co. Ililk hm» . mu! it t
$6.7 million federal grant to develop materials for very high lti: t'xl.lllli|‘
tlttclcltr reactors. The project. funded through the US. lint-tut l<= - w ‘i-I'Hi
Development Administration. will be condltctcd by the ctltnttnl l '
Systems Program Department hcrc. Robert 0. Frank. tltc initiatf’l'l 7“ l ‘
material technology department. will head the project. which 1M \l" “V” l"
he completed in I982.

lvt'l‘."

Pesticides Found to Destroy Human Enzymes
ORLANDO. Ills. (AP) A university researcher says prodncnott w
body enzyme is reduced when migrant farnt workersttrc rotttntclt r \lW " "'
certain pesticides. But he says he is not yet certain the Pcnlitltics .nt- tin-law
or il'tbc body is ltblctorecovcritsabilityto produccthc itilhiiiiltlt't‘ I" "m"
Owens. 4|. professor of human resources at the Universal n
conducted research by living as it mlgrttnt laborer tip and doom
(‘oast front Florida to New York for several months.

i | l.t'\
t |-\.t~
lilt' l.nl

___...‘-—‘

MARCH 29. 1977

W. ".tl

\‘NGI ,(335 It ‘.'. ..

 

 

bysiall. Miler .
Teléthott '77 ended Saturday night
with happiness. tears. and $0.000.
The 24 hour event lleld‘in the

' Campus Center Ballroom was the

most successful Telethon in SUNYA
history. The money raised exceeds
last year's total by over $6.000 and is
more than double that of 1975.
Lines started outside the doors as
early as 6:00 pm. At 8:00 pm. "Har-
mony" opened Telethon with an
original song entitled “Building a

Editors Note: Susan E. Miller is the
publicity director for Telethon '7

Reinbow.” 4 . , .
' Television Hour opened with‘co-

chairperson: Mitchell, Adler and.

Susan Itzkowitz. They were ‘joined
by— Kim Del Signorie. an eight year
old student at the Wildwood School
for Developmentally Handicapped
Children. the Telethon beneﬁciary.
The hour was highlighted by
several songs. a magic show and the
performance of the theme song.
"Let's. Build a Rainbow." Tén
Wildwood students were chaperon-
ed on stage by Telthon staff
members while the song was sung.
The evening progressed with acts.
auctions and “pies-in-the-face." The

masters of ceremonychsnged hour; i V

' ly. each pair adding a touch of their
own personalities to the production.
V V Well Received

f‘Szabat's Bloomers.“ a returning
act from last yearwas well received.
A group of males dressed as female
cheerleaders did a routine to the
song. “We're an American Band."
Several of the guys are SUNYA
graduates who traveled from as far
as Washington. DC. to perform
once again.

:cheral gifts were'auctioned off ‘
hourly. Each gift was donated by
local merchants and awarded to the
highest bidder. Over Sl.l00worth of
prich Were auctioned off. including
dinners. jewelry. a parakeet. :1 stuff-
ed raccoon namcd “Glickfacc”. and
a camera.

The booths closed at noon and the
center of tile ballroom became a
stage for two hours offnntttsy. There
were puppet shows. sing alongs.
magicians. and jugglcrs. The eyes of
all were transfixed on the
performersHas magic filled lltc
room.

Telethon netted at least 850 per pic throw such as 

The show closed with singers
from Chapel. House performing
songs and skits from the television
show. “Sesame Street.“ ‘

It was now 8:45 p.m.. over 24
hours since the largest student
tclcthon in the nation began.
Treasurers Ricky Figalora and
Margie (irecn disclosed the final
total. which up to that point was un-
known to all. Figalora said. “This is
the first time Telethon has made
their goal public. We did not raise

830.000 as expected.”"' his voice
cracked as he continued. “We have
raised over $3l.000l"
‘ Success
The audience rose from their seats
and applauded. the staff embraced.
Thdhundrcds of people who worked
on Telethon for eleven months and
the thousands of people who attend-
cd Telethon ‘77 had successfully
built a rainbow . . . a rainbow for
the children of Wildwood. the com-
munity and themselves.

» Student Dwellings Needs Money

505!

Telethoh ‘17 Children's hour partnin a quiet moment lord youngster.
. '1 III” 't'mn l‘i " ‘l'tt t u l'  r»: ~' ‘ v

School Considered For
Religious Days In Future

by Thomas Murtcllo

'l'hc litluclttiottnl l’olicics Conl-
ntiltcc is studying tltc possibility of
scheduling class on religious days.
nccottling to Assistant to tile l’rcsi-
dcttt. R. l"rcdcricks Volktvcitl.

"I he Iil'C ltns bccn asked to
rccotntncnd gttltlclincs for tllc future
us fill as tltc school calendar." said
\t'olkwcin. "( )nc qtlcslion is whether
lltcrc \iltllliti- bc non-sectarian
vacations. ignoring ltoly days."

Volkwctn said tllnt a series of
ttltcsttonairrcs have bccll sent out to
about 400 students and 300 faculty
and administration members re-
questing their inptlt otl the mltttcr.
the result ofthis random stttttpling is
cxpcctctl to bc ready one week after
vacation. It will be studied by the
committee before any policy is for-
llllliillL‘ti.

“l-sscntlnlly. it would effect the
.iL‘\\ISil Holy Days lor tllc fall
scntcstct' and (loud l‘tidny and
l-ttslct tor tltc spring sclltcstcr.“ said
Vttlkn'cttt.

()nc sltggcstton lo tltc IEI’C is that
classes bcgin after Labor Day. which
would mean that classes would be
scltctlulcd during Rush llusbttnlt ntld
Yont Klppllt‘.

“As tar as tltc spring semester."
stilt] Volkwcttt. "ottc argument is that
lltc \ttcat ton should conic ill lllc ntid-
dlc ol lltc sctttcstct' rather than dur-
lng hammer and l‘astcr.“

i‘tc l'l't. llth llrcndy changed
nt- cnt‘x ..choot calendar as a
mull at meetings with the Scuttle
i scculivc Committee and tltc Presi-
(it'lll l'xccutivc Committee.

the calendar for the l977-7ll
school year will feature a four-week
itttcrscssion vacation instead of the
ptcscttt three-week break. There will
be no February vacation usarcsull.

One reason for this change is the

MARCH 29, 1977

savings that would occur ill fuel and
electricity costs. According to
Volkwcin. tltc fuel and electricity
savings can be conscrvativcly cs-
tinttttcd to ht: $l 15.000 by I979.

"Fuel is one factor." said
Volkwcin. “Another is that it is
cltstcr to recruit tt'ansfcrs and in-
coming ltiglt school graduates nl lllis
date."

this year. classes have been
scltcdulctl directly after liastcr Sun-
day, chct'nl students have opposed
this scltcduling and are supporting a
boycott ol'clllsscs Monday. April I l.

“I think people havc to take a
stand.“ said senior Walter Adltm.
“liastct is a very important holiday
to Christians. It rciiccls thc resurrec-
tiott and renewal. I think tltc vast
majority of students will be away
front this area and hllvittg to return
to school will interrupt tltcir
holidays."

Monday Off

Adam said that SUNY at
lliltglttlmton anti Stony Brook have
been given tltc day after Easter off.

"It was a very unfortunate ovcr-
sight." said Volkwcin. “Something
that escaped everyone this year w in-
dividuttl administrators. staff llnd
Scnatc executive committee. Next
ycttr classes will not resume until
2:10 the day after Easter so students
will have little to return on that day."

Another cltaugc itt next year‘s
academic calendar will be the
rescheduling of one reading day for
both scmcstcrs‘ finals week. The first
reading day will occur one day
before finals. which begin on a
Thursday. then ﬁnals will be
suspended that Saturday. According
to the EI’C. the rescheduling of the
reading day occurred after criticism
was made primarily from those who
wish to observe the Jewish Sabbath.

by Teresa Sutton

'l‘wo houses are presently under

consideration by Student Dwellings
lnc.. tltc cost of which would force
the group to seek at least “6.000 in
additional funding from the Federal
Government.
' Student Dwellings Inc.. a group
organized in l97l to purchase.
rehabilitate and rent houses in
Albany to SUNYA students. is
currently negotiating for the acquisi-
tiott of two houses that will serve as
the pilot experiment for tile group to
make guidclincs for ftltttrc in-
vcstmcnts.

'I lie group. composed ofSUNYA
cottttttuttity members and select in-
dividuals front the local area. was
originally granted a $20,000 alloca-
tion by Central Council as a basis to
enable lltc groupto apply for outside
funding. ‘

“()vct' tltc lust thrcc years. the
number of students wanting to live
otl campus hits bcctl larger than we
can house." said SUNYA
Residences Director John Wclty.

According to Welly. during Fall
‘75. approximately 4l5 studcnts‘ rc—

qucsts for housing had to be denied.
Last year 300 such applications were
refused.

The Student Dwellings project is
just one method to casing SUNYA
over-crowding being examined. To
help meet the housing shor-
tage. floors 2 through 9 of Indian
Quad‘s Mohawk 'l‘owcr will be
transformed from offices to dor-
ntitory accommodations. The 168
spaces created will bring the total
available to approximately 5958.
The five quads bottsc 5590 and the
lioth Wellington about 200.

The student dwellings presently
being considered will ltotlsc six to l2
students if purchased. lftltc experi-
ntcnt provcs fruitful. more buildings
will be acquired in tile next few
years.

Under Consideration

The locations of thc two houses
uttdcr consideration could ttol be
disclosctl ttt prescttt but tltc cost of
built combined would total 316.000
according to SA president Stch
DiMco. A downpttymcnt of about

one fifth of that total would be
ncccssnry. The left over money

would be used for tile rehabilitation
oi the buildings and future
purchases.

DiMco said tltc chance of getting
federal funding for a portion‘ of the
rehabilitation was good. The group
is looking for other alternative fun-
ding sourccs also. I. r '

 l)iMc.o.dcscribcd gather tldvany
tagcs to the project like SUNYA
gaining political leverage in tile city.
He ttddgd that local landlords might
bc forced to improve tltc quality of
their own properties to stay in
business. “My hope is that someday
we will become a noticeable landlord
in Albany." DiMco said.

DiMco also hoped the experiment
would he utilich itt tltc academic
departments. As ttnexttlnplc he cited
a possible study by the sociology
department on effects of im-
protentcnls ilt thc area.

A meeting of tile Student
Dwellings grotlp last week discussed
tllc possibilc properties again, It also
established a committee that will
make rccontntcndations about selec-
tiott of students and leasing
ngt‘ccntcnts lor tltc dwellings.

 

ff ,

 

L

The Bus Grievance Committee held an opdn meeting Sunday night on Alumni Quad. lecturing dis-
cussion about problems students might have with SUNYA buses. Approximately thirty students
attended the meeting. along with BA President stsvsDIMeo. The committee. which Is composed at
t_ tour students; two administrators and two bus driven. will look into suggestions made at the
meeting such as the possible installation at a bigger bus
visibility oi bus schedules at the bus shelters.

ALBANY STUDENT annss'

shelter at Alumni Quad and the better

 

PAGE THREE

 

