 

(AP), ,-“Play the

k e_ sign said. \
,- It was enticing the curious to one
of some i l5 exhibits set up across the
Empire State Plaza here over the
past few days as part of the state

with the public int'erest in the energy
.problem presumany stirred up by
President Carter's energyproposals.
gave hundreds of visitors a_ look‘at
displays ranging'frorn wood stoves
to models of ocean. generating
plants. " ' ' -
The
passers-by the opportunity to turn a
series of dials showing that if energy

consumption for. say. transpbrta-V.

continued from page one
happening around it.“ said Grill.
"‘They‘ve dug up the sidewalks
between Lark and Dove and put in
new water mains. The Albany
Historical Foundation bought 300~
302 Hudson to rehabilitate them."

“At 'he corner of Dove and Hud-
son. there are three‘houses currently
being rehabilitated and‘326 Hudson
has just been sold." Grill added.

The corporation will meet today
to discuss the exact amount needed
for rehabilitation as well as the selec~
tion of a new piesident. SA Presi-
dent Steve DiMeo. also a'corpora-
tion member. will meet today with
Mayor Coming to obtain from him “
a firm commitment to help with the
rehabilitation.“

Energy Office's “Energy Expo 70." .
. The exhibition. timed to coincide.

 

“energy. game" ‘ offered .

tion; 'goes'up. future, reserves of
energy will go down.

Few of the other exhibits were that j

simplistic.) And many of 3 them.
offered competing approaches to the
energy problem which served to
demonstrate how muchcontroversy
emains to be resolved before society
settles on' some organized effort to
deal with it.

Next to one of the many exhibits
promoting solar energy. for exam-
ple. was a large sign declaring “Solar
Energy 'and Conservation are
Bunk!“ it marked an exhibit spon-
sored by the Fusion Energy Founda-
tion. which advocates the
theoretically more advanced but still'
untested form of self-sustaining
nuclear power known as ther-
monuclear fusion..

A quiz game in the exhibit ofthe
New York State Electric 4; Gas Co.
asked visitors to test. their “EQ.” or
“energy quotient.“ onsuch questions
as “Heating costs for a two-story
house compared to a ranch house of .
the same size are more than, the
same or less than?" The correct
answer. "less than." was rewarded

with flashing lights and clanging _

bells. ‘ .
Most of the exhibits were from

 

 

' commercial firms interestedin sell

ing energy-related devices rangi‘ I
from. water. softeners and f‘dry/
toilets to wood and coal stoves..and

. various contraptions' for using the

sun‘s rays to heat water or even a
whole house.
‘ Signs like "Dealer Inquiries
Welcomed" were in abundance.

There Was even an exhibit which
reminded visitors of the blessings of
cheap energy.

Sponsored by Cornell University.
it featured a stationary bicycle at-
tached to a small electric generator
and a large sign asking. “What are
you ,worth‘l"

Intrigued. a reporter clambored
on the bike and began pedalling
furiously. After much huffing and
puffing, a red light suddenlybegan
flashing and a loudspeaker'started
playing a marching song with a
crowd cheering in the background.

"Congratulations!" said a voice.
"You haye just produced l50
kilowatts of electricity. Keep up the

     

 

     

good work for eight hours. and you.

will havegcnerated 5 cents‘ worth of
electricity!"

'“Takes. hard work to produce .

energy. doesn‘t it?“ the voice con—
cluded.

New Front Opens Zaire

KINSHASA. ZAIRE (AP) Zairean
and Moroccan forces have opened a
second front against invading rebel -
troops in northwestern Shaba
.Province. while Zarean troops are
“cleaning up many places" in the

 

  

 

SANDY

‘ «from Sears Hair Bazaar. in Colonic Center) ..

is pleased to announce his new location
Upper Cut

Blowdry cuts for Guys & Gals

I block west of Northway on Rt. 5

ISJI Central Ave.
Colonic. N.Y. 12205
Phone il69-8l55

 

 

I"--°"°-°'l

------

UNBELIEVf-IBLE!
-You can still register for

COMMUNITY SERVICE.

ULB 36. 10-4 p.m. 457-4801

public service ad brmght to you by the ASP
- - - - -

-O-----J

-----.l

 

57 Fuller Rd.

National
Passion
Thurs Fri Sat
Next 2 Weeks
HAPPY HOUR

5.50 mixed drinks
$.50 draft Heine/(in

N0 Dress Code

 

Rembrandt’s Cellar Pub

9—10 pm Fri. & Sat.

Open Mon-Sat 8:30
Fl Unique Environment

482-81 00

 

 

- 2. 5:00 pm.

south. :1 government communique
said Thursday.

A joint drive was reported “at the
door“ of Kapanga. a large village in
northwestern Shaba. once known as
Katanga. Some l.500 Moroccan
soldiers have been sent to help Presi-
dent Mobutu Sese Seko's forces bat-
tle an estimated 2.000 Katangan
rebels who invaded from neighbor-
ing Angola last month.

The government statement said
Zairean forces were moving along
roads and rail lines leading to
Mutshatsha. a strategic railroad
town held by the Katungans. The
government said earlier this week
that pygmy forces had virtually sur-
rounded the town. The pygmies.
under—live-f’oot men from the rain
forest who use bows and arrows and
blowguns. are described as a crack
unit of the army.

Diplomatic sources said only
small skirmishes had been reported
as government troops slowly ad-
vunced.

A Cuban statement. given to
American reporters with a US.
trade delegation in Havana. criticiz-
ed Morocco for sending troops to
Zaire “with the pretext that it was
reacting to the presence of Cuban
military forces in that country.

“Our country does not have the
slightest rcsponsibililyeithcr directly
or indirectly. for the events in Zaire.
Neither has Cuba contributed to the
preparation of the Zaircan citizens
who are fighting today against the
government of Mobutu."

 

VOTEI

SA Elections will be held next
week. Tuesday through Thurs-
day. Ellglble students can vote on
quad dinner lines or In the Com-
pus Center.

NOTICE

Deadlines for submission of
classified ads. Preview Items. and
letters to the editor for publica-
tion in Monday's special edition
will be the unto as for regular
Tuesday editions: Friday. April

 

 

 

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

   
 

Trade Delegation meets with Castro

HAVANA. Cuba (AP) The Minnesota trade delegation visiting Cuba met
with President Fidel Castro for an hour and a half Wednesday night, and the
bearded Communist revolutionary made a hit with the American capitalists.
Castro said the l6_-year-old US. trade sanctions were economically and
morally unjustified and removal would create “optimum conditions“ for the
discussion of other. problems between the two neighboring countries.

Carter Meets with Portugese Prime Minister
WASHINGTON (AP) President Carter met with Portugese Prime Minister
Mario Scares on Thursday to discuss joint strategy for gaining international
financial support for Portugal‘s faltering economy. Carter gave Soarcs a
warm Oval Office welcome. declaring he is “very proud of our friendship and
partnership with Portugal“ and predicting closer relations. The Carter
administration has taken the lead in encouraging large-scaleinternational
financial support for Portugal. which has been plagued recently by worker
rebellion. a 30-per-ccnt inflation rate. high employment. lagging production
and political agitation from both extremes.

Carter's Energy Message not so Hopetul
WASHINGTON (AP) President Carter's energy message bristles with facts.

V figures and requests to sacrifice. but it doesn't specify a price tag for the

average American family. Each of'the country's 72 million households spent
about Sl.20li for such energy items as heat. light and gasoline in l976.
according to government figures. But Carter‘s senior energy advisors either
don't know or won't say what each household will spend if Congress passes
the President's plan. The government says the average size of an American
household is. in round numbers. about three people. It deﬁnes a household its
onc‘or more people living in a single housing unit.

Americans May Establish ‘lnterest Section’ In Cuba
WASHINGTON (AP) The Carter administration. set to resume maritime
talks shortly with Cuba. has under consideration establishing an “interest
section" in Havana with American diplomats on the scene. Sources here said
today that the next round of talks would be held in Havana with 'l‘ercncc
Todman. the assistant secretary'of state for inter-American affairs. heading
the U.S. delegation. He would be the highest-ranked American diplomat to

~ go the Cuba since relations were broken offin I960‘stclegates frotn the two

estranged countries met f'aec-to-face last month in New York on establishing
maritime boundaries. US. and Cuban law set a ZOO-mile fishing zone. and
Cuba is only 90 miles off the southern tip of Florida.

Next Winter May Be A Cold One

SYRACUSE. N.Y. (AP) The natural gas industry is incapable of producing
fuel fast enough to prevent a repeat of last winter‘s shortages next yCill'.
industry officials told il state Assembly hearing here Monday. Higher prices
for the fuel are needed as incentive for increased production but even
immediate hikes would not be fclt for at least three years. the industrial
official testified. But a Michigan State University economist testified that the
expectation of higher prices in the future was holding back increased gas
production now. “There is no question in my mind that higher prices \\’Ill
bring forth increased productiott . . . this is a longtcrm problem. his not a
problem you can solve by next winter. but you can do something now to sohc
the problem three. five. seven years from now.“

Hassles Continue Between CSEA and Governor
ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) Disagrccmcnts over a newly negotiated wage pact
contimtcd Thursday between the Civil Service Employees Association and
the Carey administration. Increments. traditionally paid to state employees
In their second. third. fourth. fifth. tenth and fifteenth years of'statc scmcc
and again at the ill-and IS-ycztr marks. are the trouble spot. (iovcrnor l-lngh
Carey's negotiators contend that the tentative contract reached Sunday
morning tlndcr threat of a strike wipcs out next year‘s increment paymcnh
for an undetermined number ofstutc workers. Union leaders saythat none of
thc f4t).0tlfl persons CSEA represents will lose their increments.

Construction For 1980 Olympics Begins

LAKI'Z I'I.A('Il). N.Y. (Al’) With President Carter's son. Chip. opcrutlng .t
big ycllon backhoe. ground breaking ceremonies for the l9lt0 Winlcl
Olympics were held Thursday in this Adirondack village. the site of the I'll?
utntcr games. After taking the first symbolic chunk of earth out of the llL'lti
“here u 4(l0—mctcr ice skating rink will he built. James Earl Carter III
tpnppcd. “I want tothnnk you illlftlr makingilsocttsy for myf'alhcr . . to
have the games in this country while he's President." The crowd tlppluudcd
cntltusutsticully.

Mall May Only Be Delivered Five Days

WASHINGTON (Al’) The Postal Service is telling the leaders offout [instill
workers unions that it may cutback mail delivery to five days a Week. Stttlrcc~
my the more. which could take effect by the end of the year. probably would
efnmnate Saturday home delivery of mail. Letters mailed to the union
prestdcnts‘ unions this week advised them that “the Postal Service is com-
mencing serious study of the proposed change to five-day delivery service "

APRIL 22, 1977

 

 

 

 

 

 

. -‘ Graduate School of Public Affairs

“magi Major jg lhblle .l'fnlrs

 

 

l

 

.by'I’nuI Rounthai . ,

A new undergraduate major in
public affairs will be offered this fall.
pending approval of the University
Senate and SUNY Central ad-
ministration. -

According to individuals close to
the development of the program.
students may find good employment
opportunities after graduating with
a degree in the new major. '

Graduate School of Public Affairs
Assistant Dean Sandro Barone
noted that while a political science
degree might not produce any more
job offers than a general liberal arts
curriculum. a major in public affairs
will be “something used to find
carrcer employment when [students]
graduate.“ ‘

Barone described the proposed
major as getting “a little bit more
into the studies of policy and policy
analysis.“ Core courses will

 

bring their own refrigerators Into the dorme.

Bus Takeover Is Vital to CDTA

by Jeff Scardino

'l'hc CDTA Board of Directors
discussed their proposed takeover of
the SUNYA bus service at an open
hearing this week. l'hey spent sixty
seconds on the subject. closing with
an announcement that a special
committee. which is engineering the
L'll‘l'A proposal. will meet Monday
at tltc Cl)'l A main offices on
Wulcrvlicl Avenue in Albany.

CDTA is projecting a deficit of
“00.000 in their budget for next

year. Acwrding to one board
member. it‘s “a tough financial situa
tion“ which could be erased by
reaching a 5325.000 agreement with
SUN YA on a bus service takeover.
winch in turn would bring in an ad-
ditional 5325.000 in matching
federal funds.
Must Meet Terms

II CDTA cannot come to terms
with SUNYA. board members said
that either the funds Would come
from those counties presently serv-

HE W Proposes New Aid;
Formula, Comment Sought

four sets of rules pertaining to
postwccoudury student
lune bcht proposed by lil \\ K ()1-

ilbhhlilliCL'

ftt'c ul l’tiucttliott.

(inc \L‘l\[Mlthtllll'ULllflI'UlllClleitll'
studcnh to tt-ccnc putmcnh under
the li.l~|t‘ ldntnuouul Upptit’lllllll)
(itunt. “Ullvﬁilltlk.
\ulionnl llu'cct Student llliill.
Supplemental lducutlonnl (lppotk
tmnt) (moth, (tumanlccd Htudcnt
Lorin. :md Slnlc Sludcnt luccntivc
(irunt programs.

Another sct

( ollctzc

proudcs the

pi occdul cs \\ Inch the Commissioner

ol lducotton “Ill use to lutut. sus-
pend. oi tcrmmntc the eligibility of
Ill\l|illlltlll\ not in compliance with
lam and regulations for thcfifficc ol
lzducntlon'x student
plttgtntlh
lastablislt Framework

His other proposals mthc f‘cdcrul
chtslcr today would establish
fmmcootl. for two new programs
infornuttmu sct'HCL‘h for education
consumers and training lorlimtnciul
md iltilllltlhll‘illtil‘h.

lo tcccnc financial aid payments.
.t \llltlcttt would have to maintain
\.tl|~iilL‘ltll_\ IICiILlL'illlL‘ progress uc-
cotding til the standards of the
college or school and not owe if rc-
fund on a grant or be in default one
innit

lhc ('omnttssloncfs limitation.
sllxpcllslltti. and termination
:ItIlhot‘lt) would apply to in-
\lIIlflltiilitl pttt'llClptliltill in programs
under title IV of the amended
illttllt'l' l ducatlon Act of I905.

"I.umtutton"meanstluttcfigibility
could he continued under specified

assistance

APRIL 22. 1977

conditions as scl forth in termination
proceedings. "Suspension" ls
rcmmul of eligibility for it limited
period of Imtc. "lcrntltutlion" is the
rcmotnl of cliglbtllt) for at least 2
years. liclorc an institution's
eligibility is limited. stlspcndcd. or
tel minntcd. II has at right to request a
hearing on the record.

Ibis proposal tllst) \tould allow
the ()flicc ol l.ducution to take
“emergency action" \\ uhhold the
use of program funds when there
is reliable Inlormutton that in-
stitutional practices may lead tosub-
stautiul losses by the govcrnmcnt or
students.

Another proposal states that. us a
condition for receiving program ad-
ministration ullowunccs. institutions
would have to provide Student In-
formation Scri\ccs. Printed infor-
mation on studcnt rightsqu respon-
sibilities. costs. retention rates. and
refund policies must be availablc on
request.

Program Proposed

A State Student Financial
Assistance lruinlng program is also
proposed. Designed to make better
use of federal funds by increasing
the cornpclcncc ol fiuuncutl aid tid-
minislrutors. it would call for
matching money truth the States.

[be public ls invited to comment
on the proposed regulations within
30 days. Comments should be
directed to: John R. i’rof't'itl. Direc-
tor. Division of Eligibility and Agen-
cy Evaluation. Room 3030.
Regional Office Iiuilding 3. 7th and
f) Streets. SW. Washington. DC.
20202. Telephone: (202) 245-9873.

predominantly be offered by the
GPSA departments of political
science. public affairs. and public ad-

ed. or service would be cut.

Attendance at the CDTA board
open meeting included three out-
siders. all of whom were rcporters.A
CDTA cmploycc later said that a
closed meeting was usually convened
bcforc open hearings. that all impor-
tant business was accomplished at
the closed sessions. The open hear-
ing was reserved for announcements
and the election of board officers for
next year. in addition to the short
mention of SUNYA.

The SUNYA bus committee is still
waiting for Division of Budget
clearance of the CDTA proposal
before they will consider it further.
but CDTA board members said that
the SUNYA contract is sorely nccd-
ed to .mkc tip their deficit.

 

' ministration. .Sttpportitig-courl'ea’lin;

the major will comefr‘oin English;
economics. natural sciences. and
social sciences for ,a total of» 56
credits. - ‘

The impetus for the major came
largely from former majors in the
Environmental Studies program and
from NYPIRG. Administration sup-
port was indicated by a letter from
President Emmett Fields to SUNY
Vice Chancellor for Academic
Programs Bruce Dearing. In that
letter. Fields observed there was “a
growing body ofstudents committed
to an interest in the policy field.”

The program was accepted un-
animously by the GPSA Academic
Policy Committee. according to
Haronc. After being sent on to the
Univcrsity Senate‘s Undergraduate
Academics Council. the proposal
was returned because of technical
problems last fall.

UAC Chairperson Barbara
Rotundo said that oncclhc logistical
corrections wcrc made. "there wasn't

  

' any opposition.“ She said the new

major will bc considered by the full
Senate on May 2.

I? ‘Barone noted-them was.

I. emphasis’on public‘afi'a'i‘ inﬂi’s

_.sirieeyl973.'Sincethlt eruphu” do. -
place largely/at the masters le hit
was “logical to extend this thinking .
to include the undergraduates." he -

said.

   

[Iy all of the courses re-’.
quired . . . are already being
offered. no additional faculty

resources would be required. Initial
costs will be nil." *' v
The proposal also related the
Public Affairs Major to President
Fields‘ Mission statement: '
"The Mission
Statement. . . rcf'lectts) increased
emphasis upon the relation of
apgiemic programs to the world of
work. . . The undergraduate major
in Public Affairs seeks .to address
these concerns directly through the
development of specific skills in
writing and oral communication.
rcseurch methods and tools. concep-
tual breadth and clear applicationas
well as work experience in a program
oriented to work in government or
government related concerns.

Fire on Woodlawn Avenue
Destroys Vacant Building

by Anita Unterweiser

A vacant two-story building at 96
Woodlawn Avenue near Ontario
Street was totally destroyed as a
result of a fire last night.

Police said that the fire was of a
suspicious nature. The three-alarm
fire was called in at 0:58 p.m.

Residents Evacuated

Residents of 94. 9b. and |00
Woodlawn immediately next to the
bttrning building were evacuated
uffcr firefighters arrived. Police said
that there might be some students
among those evacuated. but because
the tll'cil \vus residential. they said
that they could not be certain. they

reported no injuries.

One student at the scene said. “All
bell was breaking loose." Woodluwn
Avenue and parts of Ontario and
Quail Streets and New Scotland
AVcnuc were blocked to traffic as
late as midnight last night. according
to police.

l’olicc added that adjacent struc-
tures suffered some fire. smoke-quid
water damage.

the owner of the vacant building
was reported to he Dominic ('ubcllo.
Au apartment on Allen Strcct owned
by Cuhcllo suffered a fire in January
in which at lg‘ttst five students were
forced to find other housing.

 

 

 

Camp Dippikill Ready to Swing Into Summer

Need an escape Irom the Ivory towers? Try Camp DIpplItIll'IO miles north at Albany. DIppIItIIl. on
tun-acre wooded recreation area. ll open winter and summer to I" SUNVA students. faculty and
staff. One oI the main attractions is the pond. where one can canoe or row to ono'e heart’s
delight. . . but be coreIuI not to disturb the heaven at the end of the pondl'

 

. . "ﬁ
UPS/AIAN IEICN

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE THREE

‘ N The proposaiteads“sincevil1ull- I

 

      

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

