    
    

l w

    

   
     
  
   
 

 

  
 
   
 

 

  
  
  
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  

 

  
 

 

 
  

 

    
   

 

 
 
  

 

  

 

   
  

 

  
 
   
 

 

 
   
   
  
   
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

cairn uedfrbm pageant; _ --
unp'aid tuition and fees.  :

Yet with his experience atl'the‘

Divisori at the Budget (the designers
of the Executive Budget), Hartigan
warns that a health fee boycott could
well have an adverse affect on those

campuses participating. This could '

include anything from cancelling a
capital construction project to

simply knocking out a proposed new‘

campus program. Hartigan adds
that anything other than a write-in
campaign might have the same effect
in that legislators might see the
boycott as unreasonable.

. Which leads back to the idea thay
the .boycott could decide the future
of the present unionilation effort.

The move to repeal the health fee
is combiningthree different methods
of dealing with the issue.

There is the boycott.

There is possible legal action. SA
legal advisor .Iack Lester believes
that the fee is illegal: that it is a
breach of the student'tinivcrsity
contract in that it misrepresents
tuition as a fee. Lester is going to
(iencseo today to possibly ﬁnd a
strident willing to serve as a
complainant.

There is SASU‘s lobbying efforts.
Plans are already being made for a
health fee demonstration in March.
and letter campaign to individual
legislators will soon begin.

Yet if the boycott fails. which of
the three would be really hurt'! If
Gencsco students aren‘t allowed to
go to classes. what would happen the
next time the Free Student Union
asks them to act out ofthe ordinary?

lithe SUNYA boycott failsto win

' w an appeal. how soon will it be before

the 1500 student who have pledged
to boycott listen to the organization
that cost them $20 in late charges.
and caused holds, to be placed on
degrees and transcripts?

If the boycott fails. SASU will
move on to another equally worthy
cause. Jack Lester will get back to
landlord/tenant disputes.

If the boycott fails. so could the
unions. .

Comp Lit
continued/rum page one
of CAFE state “We must emphasize
that this is iin internal University
matter. CAFE has no enforcement
powers. We are satisfied that
Professor Leibowitz‘s complaint has
met the ﬁve criteria spelled out in the
CAFE Grievance Procedures."
CAFE did withdrawfromthe case
later. and subsequently the Ad Hoc
committee was formed. Szoverffy's
lawyers objected to this development
in a letter to Benezet on June l3.
I975. The letter is in response to
memos Szovcrffy had received in
connection with complaints made
against him by Leibowitz to the Ad
Hoc committee: "The substance of
these communications suggest
virtually no change in approach
from that which was to have been
taken by the Council on Academic
Freedom and Ethics and which. as I

understand it. was found to be
improper by the University
Counsel‘s Office.“ Sloverffy‘s

lawyer was then Michael A. Feit.

 

 

“from Blues to Bluegrass"

SPONGEY
DELIGHTS!

In concert - Saturday at 8 p.m.

Admission $2.50 at THE CHAPTER HOUSE
351 Hudson Ave. 0 465-9916 0 EBA Inc.

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
   

ETCETERA BOUTIQUE INC.
850 Madison Ave.. Albany 489-3923

H . (corner of Ontario and Madison)

lhe biggest and most complete head shop in the tri-city area.

Pipes, brings, clips. gas masks, papers, rush (liquid incense).

hash oil. hash. opium ginsing. pen pipes, and incense. Candles.

Jewelry. pictures. clothes for guys and girls. posters.

Also gifts appropriate for Morn & Dad.

40% Oil any purchase over $5 with this ad.

good thru Dec. 24
(sale items excluded)
mun. - thurs. Iii-5
l'rl. l0-9 sat. l-6

 

 

 

lladugtaduatcituilaitoutodsuatptauts
remindesiaiugttl'ttitmoliwtd

mind the
Office of the Deon for
Student Rffolrs,
Administration 129
Momma and beam at ww available but
students title with to withdraw or study
dominate at a have at about“.

 

 

PAGE TWO

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

'i‘VThe'. Ad Hoe committee,“ in‘ its

report to.l!enezet.'stated that it was '

because of Szoverffy that what was
then the CAFE committee withdrew

from the case. In that report they-

state. “Sloverffy‘s response raised
certain legal questions which led to

CAFE's withdrawal from the case." m

Leibowitz also charges in her
petition before the Human Rights
Division that the Council on
Promotion and Continuing
Appointments violated their own
rules of procedure by failing to
review previous levels in her case.
She also mentions CAFE in the
petition: "The Council was notiﬁed
of alleged procedural irregularities
by its sister Council on Academic
Freedom and Ethics. The CPCA
took a special vote not to examine
procedural irregularities in my case.
The Ad Hoc Report indicates that
the Council acted improperly in
this."

In addition. Leibowit/ charges the
:idirrinistration with being ultimately
responsible for not controlling
S/overffy. and in the end denying
her tenure because of this failure.
"The inference can only be that Dr,
Sloverffy had created such a
procedural and substantive mess. for
which the ad minstration was
ultimately responsible, that the only
recourse the adminstration had to
save its own face was to maintain
that procedural and substantive
irregularities made no difference
because I did not deserve tenure.“

Garcia Member
Busted for Drugs

ALBANY. NY (AP) A member of
the Jerry Garcia Band was stopped
for speeding Thursday and
subsequently was charged with
possessing marijuana. cocaine and
hashish. authorities said.

Steven Parish. 27. of San
Francisco. was arraigned Thursday
afternoon in the surburban Town of
Bethlehem. He pleaded gtiilty. was
fined $l35. and was released.

Parish was en route to Albany.
where to group performed Thursday
evening. when he was stopped by
state police on the New York State
Thruway.

Library Director
To be Evaluated

As part of the evaluation process
of the Director of Libraries. closed
hearings will be iield the week of
January 30 to February 3. I978,
from 3 to 5 pm. Laeh presentation
will be limited to ten minutes.

For an appointment, please call
Marion P. Munser. Chairperson of
the Committee to Evaluate the
Director of Libraries. at 457-7529.

The members of the ('ommittce to
livaluatc the Director arc Dorothy

Cliristiaanscn. Thomas (‘onlcy
Dolores lacobelli. Sara Knapp.
Marion P. Mun/er. Madeline
Raciti. Richard laslor. Karen
Wrrrcnhorg. Maria Lycli.
CORRECTION

An article In lucsday's .-i.S'/'
incorrectly defined the pit)\ isrons of
a bill passed by the [mummy
Monday. -

Students who have failed .i course
or received a poor grade mu). under
the bill. repeal the course and li.i\c
btitii grades appear on
transcript.

tlicii

While credit for taking the course
can oiin be given once. the two
grades Will be computed into the
student‘s overall grade point
average. In such cases. the two
grades are not combined into one.

The bill makcsofﬁcialthe current.
unwritten policy of the Registrar's
Ofﬁce.

    
    
     
   
    
      
  
    

Sodomy Ring Broken
BOSTON (AP) At least IS men were arrested Thursday in what authorities
called a ring where homosexuals from around the nation staged maid
parties with boys as young as 9. “This is a bunch of guys who liked to get
together and party with little boys," said Assistant Suffolk County District
Attorney Thomas E. l’eisch. The youngsters. ranging in age from 9 lo IS.
were paid $5 to engage in oral sex with the men and $25 to engage In anal
intercourse, ofﬁcials said. The boys. many of them homeless. \rcrc said to
hrive been willing partners. but reportedly had been plied with beer and
marijuana and had been shown stag ﬁlms. Charges against the men ranged
from sodomy to indecent assault and battery and child rape. I'clsch s‘tlld.

Sadat Blasts Arab Detractors

CAIRO (AP) President Anwar Sadat. to a thunderous tippitnttl from
hundreds of thousands of his countrymen. promised peace and l)l.l\lt'\l in.
Arab detractors as “stupid dwarfs" Thursday in his bittcrcst CtillIIlL'lttlltir'k
yet in the war of words between Arab hawks and dtivcs. Shorilr .illr'i uh.
rousing. nationalistic speech to an estimated 350.000 Egyptians III tlit- llL'iriI
of Cairo. Sadat went into talks here with Jordan‘s King llllsst‘tll \\ltri|\
trying to mediate the Arab dispirtc over Sadat's direct pct ‘c ttlill.tli\t‘ mu.
Israel. Meanwhile. Siidat's chief antagonist in that dispute. Syrian Mum...“
Hafcl. Assad. was in Riyadh. Saudi Arabia. meeting with Krng l\li.rft'tl .iitl
other Saudi leaders in an effort to win their backing in his ctttiiptrlgti .ir'.tlti\l
the Egyptian. ‘

State Republicans Pass Tax Cuts

ALBANY. NY. (AP) With visions of next year's election caniparpndarn-rug
ill their heads. Senate Republican passed a tax-cut package I llllI\tl.I\ .rinrd .i
one-day legislative f'rce-for-all over various political issues. Senate \l.t|otil\
Leader Warren Anderson. an aspiring Republican candidate for goicrrn-r.
had called the Senate into session to pass his $482 million tin-cur plan llt'
hopes it will give him first claim to the political credit for the on lL'tlllilItrIb
which politicians of both parties plan for next year, Final action on rhc I.i\
cuts will wait for Carey‘s package. Steingut decreed, "We're going rod.» .1 II)
an orderly fashion. and not do it by headlines." he said. Antlcrwn'» plan
would not take effect until April I anyway. he noted.

Selling Wine in Groceries Pushed

ROCHESTER. N.Y. (AP) The New York Farm Bureau \rilctl llllllsila} to
campaign for legislation to permit the sale of wines in retail grotcrr SUITES III
the state. “We are suggesting that for a five-year trial period rIn \iilt‘i Iii-
limited to New York Strife label wines of not more than H pL’ILt'IIl .tltrllltli
content." a spokesman said. He said the dclgntes to the orgarn/atrorik .rtlllll.tf
meeting felt it was best to establish a market for New York \\l|lL'\ llL'lilfL'
opening grocery stores to out-of-statc wines. The spokesman s.ilrf r In lllllL'tlll
would press for the legislation at the next session of thc staic lL'illslallliL'

Buffalo Reaches Union Contract Agreement
BUFFALO (AP) The city administration announced ilgI'CL‘IIIL'Iil \\llll tint-c
unions Thursday on two-year contracts for city employees. Mayor Stunlcr
Makowski sent the agreements to the Common ('onncrl \\llll .1
recommendation that they be approved. The accord was \Hlll ilircc rlrltcrcni
locals of the American Federation of State. County and \lllllltllmi
Employees Al‘erlO. which represent white collar. bltic collar .illtl l)t.litllllli
inspection employees.

Carey Pledges Cooperation with Koch

NEW YORK (AP) In their first joint public appearance since cit-thou do
exactly a month ago. Mayor-elect lzdward Koch and (iri\ line). I I um
indicated they would take it joint Ilppt‘tittcliftiu aid st'chlllt: lt'llLlSiiiliti w Hi
city‘s fiscal rcco\cr_\. Koch. the first speaker at a luiirhcon or flu. f mi N *-
loi .\cw York. a group of 200 prominent hllslllcss. labor and it... . u’t
said. “My first priority Will be to obtain federal IlSslSldIltt'. hurl. ~nor'. and
long term." ('arey. pledging an "era of cooperation" \\llll Kotli \.|Irl ii. roll
scck ".i chcral-statc—cny compact“ to gain longer-term LlL‘titl tr-r lln  o-i
more satisfactory expansion of seasonal financing

 

Detect in Hospital Machine Leads to Death
ALBANY. N.Y.tAP) A woman \t‘lltlsllppcd into a coma Hunks)" ‘1 ' '
when her oxygen supple was curtailed by a inallniictitiinnp |I;.|t li.‘r I: ‘1
lhursdiiy afternoon. Albany Medical t'cntci officials rcpoitttl " l Ir. r. -i.l‘
unanimous agreement among ti number of physnraiis. rrnlinlrw 
neurologists who had cxaiiiiiicd l)i. Patel. that she was lt‘g.ill\ tlt'ori I‘ v
an absence of brain function." said the prepared starcnnrw
spokcsman Richard iiidgcuiiy Mrs. Piitcl hrid been Ill tllllt.li
\iiicctlic snigcyloran ectopic pregnancy.inwhichtlicfcruutttvI I
Ihc womb. A preliminary state llcalili Dcpiritiiicoi lll\t'\lly.lllt“
hospital stall blameless for the int‘idcnt. rind \illtl ti on» rlin 
lrllilll'L'. hut otlici inquiries were continuing.

 

Coal Strike Won't Hurt New York
ALBANY. N.Y.(AI’) New York will be rcltiti\c|y unallccrcrl In .rw-v “‘ ’"
that lasts less than three months. the state's lop circuo Plillll'c" "'i' W!
even then the impact would be higher costs and prices. not orililt’l”
shortages. Most-big industries using coal for heatingor production .III' at“
 :{lll‘llllsllds depending on coal to generate ClCL‘lIIL'Il) ha" W
q .. ‘ .itc institutions have amassed extra coal stirIPl'C-" “"“mm
told a state Senate hearing Monday. Airy switch from coal to orl will W"
money. because oil is more expensive.

 

DECEMBER 9. 1977

 

 

 

 

UAS Manager Board Illegal -

by Mitchell Draeh

v The present UAS board of
directors is illegal, according to U AS
General Manager E. Norbert Zahm.
because it has no graduate students
on it.

SA President Dave Gold has told
Leslie Snyder. an undergraduate
member of the board, that ifZahm is
correct she will be removed from the
board and replaced by a graduate
student.

According to Gold, the move is
not political and has nothing to do
with Leslie Snyder‘s opposition,
along with board member Jonathan
Hodges. to a bill that lowered soda
machine prices. The bill was favored
by all student board members but
Hodges and Snyder.

According to the by-laws of the
UAS. ten of the 20 members of the
board of directors must be elected by
and front the total student
membership. both graduate and
undergraduate. The undergraduate
members of the UAS are chosen by
the SA President and the graduate
members are chosen by the (iraduatc
Student Association President.

ilccausc there is no Graduate
School Assoctalion President, (iold
took the liberty of appointing two
graduate students to UAS
membership.

“Since the bylaws specil'icii'lly

c.

  

   
   

state that student board members
must be chosen from among
undergraduate and graduate
students. at least one graduate
student must be on the board.“
Zahm said. “Since no graduate
students are on the board. in my
opinion the board is illegal.“

The same issue was raised by
undergraduate board member Anne
Markowitz and by graduate student
Bryant Monroe at the first meeting
of the student membership of UAS.

According to Monroe. the
graduate student who might replace
Snyder on the board. he and
Markowitl. were protesting Gold‘s
failure to nominate any graduate
students to the board. They were
over-ruled. however. and Gold's ten
undergraduate student nominees
were elected to the board.

Gold said that. at the time. he
believed the by-Iaws did not specify
that a graduate student had to be on
the board. but only that the ten
directors be chosen from arnongthe
undergraduate and graduate
students who were members of UAS.

It was only after he spoke to
labor. (iold said. that he became
cominccd that the absence of a
graduate student on the board was a
serious problem.

According to (iold. ltc then
decided that if it became ncccssaryto

w ear
UPSr'NOWlE IA 85

SUNYA does not rank favorably as far as women on the payroll are
concerned. said Affirmative Action Officer Rosemary Sabai.

Benecke Deadlock Expected to End

by Denise Lenci

Class of ‘7fl President Gary
Bennett said ycaterday he doesn't
expect the impasse to last in negot-
iations willr former (loss of ‘75
President Marc Bcnccke over the
settlement of a repayment plan.

Ilennctt refrained from going into
further detail because of what he
tcitncd tlic"scnsiti\c nature of our
negotiations." All he would say is
that he has sent licnccke a letter
winch should affect negotiations.

Bent-eke had been accused of
sit-tiling $3.000 last year from the
(‘lass of ‘7h while serving as
president.

Details of the agreement will
remain confidential until agreed to
in writing by both parties." Bennett
said. He said he would also refrain
from revealing settlement details
until the class had received its first
payment under the plan.

A tentative repayment plan that
included a penalty clause for failing
to meet payment deadlines was
rejected by Beneckc last week in a
mailgram sent to Dean for Student
Affairs Neil Brown. The penalty
clause stiptilatcd a fine of Sll7
should llenccke missan installment.

Beneckc had said he would agree
to repay the money this year. but not

DECEMBER 9. 1977

if the penalty clause is included. Ilc
said Wednesday he is \vtiitingro llcill‘
from the Class of ‘7il. and is open for
negotiations.

Bennett said he hasn't spoken
with flcncckc since the mailgi'rim to
Brown was received. but that hc is
trying to establiin informal negot-
lililtlllS.

According to Brown. Bennett
consulted with his office and as SA
lawyer before sending the letter to
Beneckc.

SA Legal Advisoi Jack Lester said
he knows nothing about the current
state of negotiations. but that he has
not been asked at develop a new
promissory note.

Not Guilty

Beneckc was tried rind acquitted
of 3rd degree grand larceny charges
in Albany County Court in October.
He signed a promissory note last
year and began making payments.
but renegged afterthe second install-
mcnt.

Bennett said this promissory note
is still legally binding. but that
drawrng up a new note is cheaper
and faster that trying to enforce the
old one.

The main objective. according to
Brown, is that the money be
returned.

replace an undergraduate board
member. he would recommend “that
the tenth person on the original
order of preference for the board of
directors be removed."

“The tenth person." said Gold. “is
Leslie Snyder.“

She was last on the list. Gold said.
“because she did not seem that
enthusiastic during her interview. I
believe that this was the fairest way
to handle the situation.“

Snyder said. “Gold told me I'm the
one who would go —-— because I
didn't show enough interest in
projects. However. I‘m on the check
cashing committee and also the
Executive Committee. which I
joined on my own initiative. I think
this shows I‘m sufficiently interested
in UAS."

(iold disagrees. "Leslie Snyder has
done nothing to change the viewthat
she is tenth on the list of board
members."

 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
  
   
   
   
  
 
  
  
 

UMIMKI WM!
SA President Dave Gold plane to remove an undergraduate member
of the UAS board so that she may be replaced by a graduate.

Job Equality Stalled by Cutbacks

by .Iill Haber

Rctrenchmeiit at SUNYA hits
dealt women employees ii double
blow: it has stiﬂed air ongoing

affirmative action

News plan to recruit \vonicn

Anall'5l5 and has tended to

negate past hiring
advances since the last hired are still
the fiist fired.

According to the lirle l.\' sell
C\tllllttllrln report. in Nov. I970. the
number til fticrilty at SUNYA was
h7l. Of these. Xi) per cent were male
and 20 per cent female. Women
tended to be clristcrcd at the lower
academic levc ; only seven per cent
of the lull professors were women.

SUNYA does not compare
lamriibly to other Uill\‘t.'l‘Sllli.‘Sl for
as women on the payroll are
concerned. said Affirmatnc Action
()l'liccr Rosemary Sabai.

“In some instances we are worse.
for at least some universities ha\c a

 

 

woman \icc president or .i dean
we don't hare any of that. lhcrc‘s
room for iinprrircmeiit."

" l his issue has raked a very long
tiiiie to i‘csohc." ilrown said. " l he
iiioncy wotiltl help to finance senior
\tcck llClIHllL‘S. lhi: other issue (the
penalty clause) is secondary."

As of last November. accordingto
the report. of the 44 persons
classified as management at
SUNYA. K4 per cent were male and
in per cent were female.

The document states that while
the small percentage of women in
management does not necessarily
indicate discrimination. it does show
that women's talents are not being
tnppctl at the top of the
administrative hierarchy.

According to Sabai. an
allrrmativc nctton plan was
proposed in I975 by Dolores
Schmidt (now SUNYA Assistant
Vice Chancellor for Affirmative
Action.) bill was “inadequate.
outdated and does not reflect the
legislation in the books. T his
university is otrt of compliance as far
as affirmative action is concerned."

Sabin said that the concept of
all irnnitiic action means a concerted
program to cnstirc equal
employment practices and tree part-
icipation in the employment sector
\\Iilltlill regard to race. color.
icliguiii. sex. national origin or
disability.

in the iifl'ii’inatirc action plan of
I975. the policy was described as the
"exercising of a set of specific and
result-oriented procedures designed
to eliminate riiiconscious
discriminatory practice in the
employment of women and member
of minority groups."

Affirmative action is also a
mandatory program called for by the
Federal government in Revised

Order Four. which applies to any
institution employing more than 50
people and receiving more than $50.-
000 in federal aid.

Sabai is developing ti plan which
will be completed in March or April.
llic plan will set goals for the
number of women faculty each
department should have. based on
the number of l’hD‘s awarded to
women in that field.

Siibiii insists that an affirmative
action policy is not a quota system.
“Quotas are arbitrary numbers
which have no‘lbasis. (iotils are
specific aitd formulated. Quotas
might be set according to the
particular population of the race."

The I975 affirmative action plan
minted the following departments as
having too few women on the
faculty: French. German. Hispanic
and lttiliait studies. Philosophy.
Psychology. Sociology. Public
Administration. Chemistry.
Computer Science. Geology.
Mathematics. liductitional
Foundations. and Reading.

(ioals were established Itir
bettering the percentage of women in
these departments by rescai‘chingthe
number of doctorates awarded to
women that year in each field.
Additional hiring was also

continued on page ﬁve

Spring Calendar Changes Proposed

by Mike Pcarlniaii

lwo proposed calendars for thc
Spring segment of the I979 academic
year are being considered by an ad
llth committee appointed by the
laducation Policy Council

The first proposal would result in
the Spring term beginning on
Iaiiiiuary 22. and provide fora one
week vacation during the Passover
and liaster holidays from April li-l5.
The second proposal would result in
the Spring term beginning on
January [5. with it vacation from
February Ill-25. in addition to the
week in April.

The first proposal is similar to the
vacation schedule that was followed
last year. while the second schedule
would look like the Spring I978
schedule.

Assistant to the President. J.
Frederick Volkwein said the ad lioc
committee has met four or five times

October. and that the

since
committee is still considering both
calendars.

Student Committee Member

Brian Sands said that there has been
an almost unanimous response from
all the students he's contacted to
implement the second proposal.
which cuts the wriiter recess by one
week and adds a week in February.
Saturday Finals

Sands said the committee also
discussed holding finals on
Saturdays in future years. and giving
students the option of postponing
the tests for religious reasons. lie
said that this proposal was very
popular among the people, he's
spoken with. Sands said he also
found favorable response to it
proposal that would shorten senior
week to accomodutc religious
holidays in the fall.

The Jewish Student Coalition has

ALBANY, STUDENT PRESS

shown a large interest in the
outcome. he said. President ofJSC-
Hillel Lisa Wesley said. “Students
feel that il'time is being allotted fora
Spring vacation. then it should
coincide with the Passover holiday.“
She said the holidays were important
to a lot of people for religious
reasons.

“In essence. Passover is it holiday
where it's very important to be with
your family." she said. Wesley added
that the effect of this Spring‘s
calendar will help to determine what
the response will be for next year.

President of the Newman
Association. Maureen O‘keefe said.
“Last year there was a lot of response
and a number of people were quite
displeased." She said that many
people would be in favor of having
the Monday after Easter Sunday off
so that they could celebrate the
holiday at home.

PAoE atrium

 

