 

 

 

 

   

“2‘21?”
.‘NMa-nér

F

"'3‘-
.m.‘ was}:

ﬁt 3....-

      

    

 

 

 

waiting to give away3._..a line surely to capture
the attention. but not quite accurate. What
Central Council “has” is a surplus of funds
accumulated over the past decade from
earnings and savings in the student funded
Athletic Department budget. This surplus has
been the topic of discussion recently. as the
Athletic Department is facing severe
budgetary constraints and because of a freeze
enacted several years ago by Council. is unable
to draw any funds from the surplus.

The AAB surplus. as it is often called. was
created in the late sixties as a result of extra
monies in the Athletic budget. because the
state paid for the activities previously funded
by students through a student athletic fee. The
money couplef with an increased in Student
Tax. was planned to go towards
improvements in the Athletic program. As it
turned out. thi: Athletic Department
continued to work under its budget. and every
year the cxtra funds were added to the surplus.
until it reached a high of about 8200.000.

Then. for the Fall of I975. the Athletic
Dcpanment decided that it would like to
increase the sports program and deplete the
surplus to fund such. increases. At this point
Central Council. which had never paid much
attention to the suplus before. realized that
there were close to $200,000 at stake. and
voted to freeze the surplus until it was at the
time thought that the money could gotowards
the Field House and there have been such time
that they could decide on a deﬁnite proposal
for the future of the fund.

Since the time of the freezetwhich did not
limit SA‘s access tothefunds) Central Council
has allocated about 570.000 to fund such items

 

Edilor's Note: This column was compiled by
John Sharks): Debby Lyon and Meg
Mt-Anenj' '

The Line Between Satire and Sexism

by Richard Mermelstein

I am a teenage werewolf.

That is. I was a judge at the homecoming
queen ceremony] pageant/ﬁasco.

I walked into the ballroom Thursday night
unaware that I would walk out with a little
squiggly tail and “Oink. oink" written on my
forehead. for I only fell into my prestigious
position moments before the event began.

We were handed a list of the nominees, and
a scale upon which to gauge the contestants:
appearance. poise. and personality. I was
shocked. 0n the way in. I had been told that
too many people judge women on how they
look. and I had disagreed. claimingthat what
really counted was what they wore. for even
the prettiest girl could conceal her beauty in a
downjacket.

Someone explained to me they
were. in effect. not appearance. poise. and
personality. but translated to idiomatic
English. I)How large their chest was. 2)ilow
wide they‘d spread their legs. and 3) How well
they disguise their lies afterward.

The contestants were introduced one at a

, time. and were invited to perform if they

wished. Some merely played the piano or
sang As they strolled by. shouts of“What an
ass" and “What a great ﬁgure” came from the
judges area. There were numerous standing
ovations. and one judge had to be restrained
after a particularly moving speech aroused his
hormones.

Before the ﬁeld was narrowed to live. some
of the finest humor of our time was presented
by a duo from Colonial Quad. “Hi. Nice shirt.
Wanna screw?" the stud asks an imaginary bar-
matc. “0b. of course.” she replied. to the
audience's hysterics.

The field was narrowed. tltc boots and

.........mrrrrrtx.Jon.tai,o!|2tx..99nini°dv Ital...

reﬁt r

 

  
     
 

Give way

as loam . to the radio station and the
ambulance service. extra gym hours. part of
each years outdoor spring concert. and it. was
at one time thought that the money could go
towards a ﬁeld house or other proposals of
that sort. Most allocations however. have not
gone towards the Athletic Dept. the original
source of the money.

The Athletic Finance Committee. a

subcommittee of Central Council has recently
been working on it proposal for the equitable
distribution of the surplus. at task never
completed by past councils. The tentative
proposal is that the surplus will be divided
60:40 between the Athletics Department and
Student Association tit the 5200.000 level at
the time of the freeze. The difference between
that level and the present level will count
towards SA‘s portion oftlie fund. The Athletic
Department may spend no ittore than 50
percent of its htire in any one year. excluding
income and savings. and it is hoped that some
type of contract cart be worked out between
the AFC and SA to the effect that once the
Athletic dept. is given the surplus. Central
Council cannot freeze it again at will. There is
no point in dividing up the surplus if Central
Council is able to freeze it again and again.
and the Athletic Department must be assured
that the funds are available iothcm. forthings
such as insurance. which was previously
funded through the Health Service. and
budget increases due to inﬂation.

If this proposal or a similar one is passed by
Central Council. the $I20.000. which “they
can't wait to give away". will no longer be
there to give away. and the distribution of

. most of the fund will be back in the hands of

the Athletic finance Committee and the
Athletics department. Then maybe the
improvements in the sports program
originally proposed and provided for in the
Athletic Surplus can be implemented.

eventually the runners-up and winner were
selected. Cries of “Take off your clothes"
mingled With the tears that filled tltc ballroom.

' This is. of course. The way it was. The same
people who would take this seriously would
takca pageant seriottsly.that is. so seriousthat
they miss the point of it. and read into it a lot
that wasn‘t there. Some of the comments
mentioned above were actually spoken by the
judges. Wooten judges. What was left out of
the complaints lodged against the affair was
the fact that 9 of the l2judgcs were women. In
fact. two of them were the highest ranking
members of their respective crH'd groups. and
deserve a much fairer treatment than was
handed them bytlte opponents ofthe pageant.

Not everyone involved with the pageant is a
chauvinistic slob. Some probably are. butjust
as many are feminists in more ways thanthe
protesters. I'll.th any of them that I use the

terms “lady” and "Mrs." less than they do.
Token gestures. perhaps they‘ll claim. but this
isn't the time to delve deeply into my sincerity
for the cause.

The pageant was it joke. lor some. a
thoughtless display of sexism. to others.

In my mind. it was more of a satire. A Steve
Martin routine. meant as much to be ajoke on
the speaker as on the listener. When Martin
says that he's found it foolproof way to pick up
girls. by sitting nexf to them in a bar and
saying. "Hey. you know. I've got a lot of
money." the object of the insult is the speaker.
not the woman. or t he society which breeds the
sort of women who would take the line
seriously. This was the thinking behind the
gimmick. andif it invlowd sexism. then next
year we'll have to have a homecoming king
pageant. or a homecoming couple pageant.
“The. jfep‘ii‘ttnd has done something very

. v..vetlr: ...t:lsx|.r.Il-!t-Il'

. “mag...

 

F homecoming
queen

real
world...

To the Editor:

Tonight I had the misfortune of attending
the Homecoming Queen pageant. I would
never have subjected myself to such abuse had
it not been for the women and men who

educate people on sex discrimination. Before
the gala event started. we stood outside the
Campus Center Ballroom handing out
literature and then quietly walked inside when
the program was about to begin. During the
show we stood quietly (or as quietly as can be
expected under the circumstances) on the side.
holding posters denouncing this exploitation
of women. When it was over. we once again
stood outside the ballroom holding our
posters for everyone to see as they left. We
were peacefully exercizing our right to
Freedom of Speech.

However. the reactions ofthe audience were
mixed. they ranged from agreement to ridicule
to outright physical harassment. Some men
(boys) left because there wasn‘t enough flesh
for them. others stayed and enjoyed the
"show." That's right. women (girls) parading
on a stage. answering “simple” questions
(what implications) are beingjudged on poise.
ability to utter a gramatically correct english

considered entertainment to some people.

While the judges were making that
important decision of who should be ﬁrst
runner-uplwe all know what that means). we
were entertained further by the male members
of the Pep Band blowing their instruments to
ihctune ofthose alltoofamous“musictostrip
by“ songs (remember the Noxcma shaving
cream commercial’!). As if we weren‘t totally
humored by this point. there was a comedy

L

 

organized a peaceful demonstration to-

sentcnce and (obviously) appearance is.

w

rare. They have decided to ﬁght against an
absolutely harmless foe: the lack of school
spirit. Anyone can declare war against an issue
or .against a tumor. such as thoughtless
scxtsm. But to combat apathy. a sort of apathy
which if left alone won‘t hurt anyone. is
admirable.

Many of the contestants had no desire to

attain the glamorthat goes with beinga beauty
queen on the national level. or a desire for the
rewards (damn. there was more than $200 in
prizes for the winnerl). They were more
interested in seeing some semblance of spirit
aroused. and if along the way some people
were harmed. they're sorry. and will take steps
to keep these mistakes from happening next
year. But stepping on an effort before it gets
off the ground really can‘t help matters.
I The overagressiveness ofthc demonstrators
is one built up from years of frustration ducto
truly sexist events. It‘s probably easy to run
from it. and those who stick up for it deservea
whole lot of respect. But waving flags and
babies at the people involved in the pageant
isn't the way to get results.

Ihe story of last Thursday night was not the
demonstration that took place. as the ASP
article so misguidedly overemphasized. The
story was how some truly ambitious people
had’u little trouble disussociating satire and
L::‘:It::nitlnd lourtd themselves lingering in

_ Anyone who attended eitherthc rally onthc-
cobblestones i-‘riday. or the game against
Horwreh on Saturday knows the feeling that
SUN YA students so rarely are exposed to
lhank the organizers if you liked it. suggcsi
ways to change it ifyou didn't like parts but
let 5 not kill the horse while it's still in theistart-
:31; gate.) lndict the means.- rememth new ‘

 

 

 

 

 

‘

teamto entertain us‘withjokcs by and ftir men

Once again. in the continuing sugar or
discrimination based on sex. women have
been demoted to the position of objects for
viewing. Everytime we think we have mode a
gain. we are reminded of “our place on
society}?

We realize that the overriding purpugc of
this meat show was toencouragc school spirit
and while we may agree with this. 
competition based on physical appearance it
not the proper means. i’t‘riitips honoring
students who have put lime irrio making
SUNYA a better place at vyhich to be
educated and those who have contributed to
making Albany a better plticcto Iric. \\ottid he
more appropriate.

Personally. the last thing I worrld \tttiil lor
my parents. who taught me tojudgc pt'oplt'oti
their individual qtiitlities. who encouraged mt-
lo achieve. who supported me Iiiroirgitoiil .rll

.my endeavors. would be to attend I‘rrrcnt‘t
Weekend and liiid that the institution ihct
entrusted to prepare me for the "ic.t| uorltf‘
does just that. My experiences rrt SIINYA
have taught me that regardless ot Iroo hardl
strive to achieve. once I am lrrrrrdcrl my
sheepskin this May I can be \lllt' thrrt lill
success will depend upon my '
personality and physical ttppctrrrrncc

Kulhy Iiaron

potsc.

...not
funny...

To the Editor:

Iiim a SUNYA student who “its .rpp.rllcdtrt
the Homecoming Queen l’ogtrcrrt tir.ri \ttis
held in the campus ccntcr ballroom on Oct.
20th. The pageant which \ttl\ originally

. organized as a way of initiating school spurt
ended up its put-down ol \t‘iiiltctr r-\prcocd
very blatantly. It was csscittirrlly .r bunch rrl
girls parading in front of yelling and laughing
students. The pageant was organized in .r
manner that made these women rrppcur u.» the
stereotyped “All-American bctrrrtiliil girl".
who has little. if anything ol irrrportuncc to
say. The event was the l'cttit/tilttrti ol' the
dichotomy women live under: tho of being
ridiculed for being what socicty tilt'lulcs they
should be. Women were being lutrgircrl at for
fulfilling the role society llittkcs tor tlrcin

The pageant represented an .rucrrrpi to
make the degradation til \vomcn critcrturuiug

The “comedy skit" which was presented
during the pageant made matters worse by
using such comedy lines as “I came from a hole
. my mother”. I found the whole evening
degrading. upsetting. and in very bad taste.
Perhaps I should have taken the evening as
just light humor but I am a woman. and when
other women are being ridiculed. degraded
arid exploited I ﬁnd it extremely disturbing If
this is tiny reflection of students ttttitudes on
this campus. I would dcfinately have to say
we‘re in sud shape.

Susan (ioldfischer

...exploiting
women

'I o tilt: Editor:

llrc homecoming qucen contest was
disgusting and blatant display of sexism. Our
SA funds are being spent of the degradation
and exploitation of women. A few of the
orgirni/crs ol'the pageant tried to convince us
that his pageant htid nothing to do with the

‘ exploitation of women. it sole purpose was to

arouse school spirit. It‘s intent. however.
cannot be separated frotn what it produce;
Rousing school spirit docs itot reinforce and
perpetuate lltc concept of woman as a sex
object: something less than human.

The contest advertised that women were to
be judged on appearance. poise and
personality (in that order). Women are not
judged by what they do. but rather itow
sexually appealing they are. One women tried
to enter the contest iind was told she‘d have to
go home and change her clothes first. The
women [always referred to as girls) were

' escorted out on the arm of ti male. How far
‘ have we gotten from Women who needed to be
I escorted around because they were forcedto

bind their feet to it crippling stage for the ideal

= of bciriit y‘.’

Ihc intermission entertainment was right in
line with the pageant. One supposed
“comedian” referred to his mother as it hole »—
womcn are seen merely as sexual receptacles
or childbearcrs. One of the comedians
explained how he “picked up girls.“ the“hey
babe" approach and how his charisma turns
on “everything in sight.“ The entire act was
centered around abusing women.

The homecoming queen contest must be
stopped. We must stop using our tax dollars to
fund the exploitation of Women. The

 

 

 

 

YOU'RE CRAZY! THERE '5
ID StLII THING AS AN

 

 

 

 

   
     

 

IT'S MY LATEST

tNVENTtON:

“THE iDEAL ROOHMATE "
a

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
  
 
   

HI,I'H ROBBIEJ COOK,
CLEAN, AND SEWCARE FM
HE T0 SLEEP OUT TUNICHT?

 

 

 

 

 

degradation of women is not entertainmenth
The homecoming queen contest opresscs all of
us. whether we are participants. observers. or
“non-interested“ parties.

(This letter was signed by 44 people.)

legitimate
coverage

To the Editor:

of many gripes this week with people who
rtin our Student Association. I have chosen
one to yell about.

'l'hrough somconc‘s blind dedication to the
purposes of the Student Unionizution
Movement. a nerve was struck in me and in
those on this campus who value the integrity
of tltc media.

In publicizing events of last Thursday. at
least one iiidividtial involved with SA/SUM
falsely identified himself to area radio stations
as being it WCI)B ttcwspcrson. The lack of
ethics involved in that act almost surpasses
that of all other student government
shenanigans this year.

To misrepresent one‘s self as being a bona
fidcjournaiisi is almost as dangerous an act as
censoring ti bona fide new story.

WCDB. as any other legitimate mass
medium. remains objective in all community
political issues. ()ur newspeople are
discouraged from taking active roles in
political or quasi-political organizations.

A minimum of an apology is in order from
the people who run SUM. This incident
should not repeat itself.

If SUM believes their activities warrant
press coverage. let them go after it in more
conventional ways.

l’uiil Rosenthal
(icttcral Manager. WCDB

quality
service

To the Iidilor:

Our purpose in writing this letter is to
inform SUNYA students of the high quality
contraceptive services offered by Albany
Medical (‘ollcgc ut the Student Health Service
(infirmtiry). Since this iron-profit scrticc is
offered by Albany Medical College. its
continued existence on campus is dependent
on its being utilized by students. We feel it is
imporlaitt to have an easily ticccsiblc service.
solely for students. and that is especially
geared to meet sludcnts‘ nccds.

Off-campus facilities lor contraception arc
of equal or greater cost. htiyc art equally long
or longer waits for appointments. and clients
spend equivalent amounts of time tit waiting
rooms. In addition. tiic SUNYA service is
superior to many other outside clinics in that
thc SIJNYA clinic consistently offers a
thorough breast and pcl\ic exam. Pap smears
and QC smears are done for all clients. In
addition to the medical exam. thorough
contract-pinecoiirtsclrngts doriclorallciicnts.
Special consideration is grim to individuals
experiencing their ilfsl [icith exam. There is a
telephone illlt.‘ \tlrcrc problems can be
discussed “hen the clinic is not iii session. One
the scrtrcc \tliich \tt' fch is
tntporlattt is a ltrlltrn tip \rstt for it” clients
soon alter liictr initial tisit. At that time.
problems \thicli may come up in the first fevr
weeks til coiitraccplitc use can be dealt with.
liyaluatron lorms. tilled otti by students who
Irate used the scrtrcc. ulniosi uniformly
express satisfaction With the helpfulness arid
friendliness of the staff.

Student stipptirl for this scntcc is the only
out to assure that cotttrttccpllw scrttces will
continue to he ollercd at tltc Si VYA campus.

i.cc (ircenholtz
Sheila iounsend

icrit urc ol

 

 

L Sail) lilylcnbcrgcr

In
t

 

 

State Oi The Union .
Student Association has, over the past couple of years, becometoo.
deeply submerged in its bureaucratic functions to act as an effective»

political agent for the student body. A student union would be a“ 

welcome voice on campus, and would nicely'fill the advocacy role SA
has been forced to neglect. As a democratic grass-roots organization
with no ties to any on or off campus group, a union could work Wonders *
in student rights.

The conditional tense is used intentionally; there doesn’t seem to be
much of a chance for such a union on this campus. Instead, there’s the
Student Unionizing Movement, an SA/ SASU attempt at organizinga
union.

A union must come from the people. from students who are dis-
satisfied with the manner in which SA represents them —— not from the
president of SA itself. Even assuming that it is necessary to coddle the
union in its infant stages. that’s been done. Dave Gold has performed an
admirablejob of collating and disseminatinginformation. arousing in-
terest. and organizing the initial meetings. '

Now it‘s time for him — and the rest of SA — to get out. Step back and
let SUM carry the ball from here. If the union cannot stand on its own
several hundred pairs of legs by now, it doesn’t deserve to exist.

It‘s not just SA‘s fault. SU M has enjoyed the beneﬁts of an SA group
without complaint. and now they‘ve sent in a budgeting request to Cen-
tral Council for a “grant” for $I500 to cover future expenses. as well as
those already incurred. And in the unlikely, event that Council turns
them down. who will pay their bills? Why, SASU of course.

This has to stop. SU M should concentrate on creating a union that
will function as an alternative method of student representation. not as
the strong right arm of SA. This is a movethat would benefit both sides.
One of the reasons there is a need for a union at all is the inability ofSA
to both govern and lobby effectively. It would be difficult for Dave Gold
to walk into Student Affairs for a favor the day after he had tied up the

phones there for four hours talking about the quality of life on an
Israeli kibbutz.

The union cannot work as another SA funded group: it has no
business being an SA recognized group. Ifit wants office space. it should
deal directly with the university; if its wants funding. it should deal
directly with its membership — the students. And any cooperation with
SA or SASU in issues should be by choice. not by definition.

 

0t on. or iiii. Dav I
"Thrift all very i'rrtllli'uih luru/trlngglr' run] it [III "I .t/rcr ll/tllillll on their part.

Yankee lrtrils l’rcsrdcni .Ioltrr Irihin on uhctlrcr Cl) I A will rcccrtc lcdcral matching funds.

 

 

 

é

SH“ l. lt/tt.ttio lir/r‘tor-tIi-(‘ltt‘t'l
.lostims Honors .lfairugrrrg Editor
WM rut 'I'iioitstits liroiiit-ri .llunagcr

imam .lxt' I'rrrrlmrr'rrrr .lIu/rugr'r

\l\\\ ioitoit . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . ..c Iriostts Mtirrtiio

Assot IAII sins totioits . . . . . , . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..MA'I Illlzw Cox. Jim. ll tutti.

scours iiiiioit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . .. hotni I‘\Illt\l\\

Assot IAIl wortis tiui . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..I\Nl)\' humour. Kit it St I Ilt§|l\

hittoitixt. not iiiiiiiit ,.......... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..l:;\ll\\i(y\\:l:li:
Airyiaiisisi.\txsxiuu, .   lt\
Sans withili ..,, ... .. .Mitti Altl)\\. Ru Illl hillt\lll\lll\

  

 

trrirr/urtiirur. l'tit Mctrlyttn. \tiiy
Souls

I/uiidtir- Solid) Robinson

l'rrrr/trrtiuii: “itilltl licii-Aitttitli.
lit-tic lrrtnrit. l-iun lortrusty.
kart-tr lirtitttllon. i)it\L‘ ltuplott.
llcbbrc Kopl. lynii l.uulci.
Laurie lcsko. .lcll Ictiitiii.
itilillllL‘ itbcittttirc. Denise
\lrrurn. New Mitacr. Amy
l'iitllrps. Kathy Qucaly. Meg
ltulaiid. .illtri) Russell. Steph-
rtfllt' Slicittiiilt. .Ititiit Stitcrhltttl.
Stephanie httirci. laurrc Sluduell

Mull iti'lfl’l‘t.‘ (liristine Bellini.
Kcii Kurtl. M..l. Mciitrtiott.
\alcrrc Moliiitrro. Mikc I'ctrrltittitt.
r\ron Smith

ll' lluiiugr'rt: Stuart Start. |.|icii
Vitrrsdcn

I‘rrrit'rt. llclcnc lunttor

ltIi/lllt. launc (ilascr

Iuroui. Kelly Kita

Iii/ling. Debby Vcltn

I‘urlul/ tituilugr'r. Izllen i‘lllL'

(Irrtti/Ir'rlt: Druid I’htllips

l/rut/ lt/Iitl. Jody erncr

ESTA BLISIIISI) lvlo

. . . . I . ’ I. I _ . . he
[7 ‘ Alhaiii' .Sliltlt'nl [hm It puh/liht‘tl every Tutorial and Ilidui during Iht'rrlitml tear lit I_

Al’fimir .S'fut/t'lil I’rtui ('urpumit'mi, an independent Iiui-lrrr~prolir orguniwtitm. hit/tonal
[lillft'l'fl ilclcrlriim‘tl hll‘ Ilit' Eduardo-Chief. and it ltl’l/t't‘l Io It'l'lt‘lt hr the .tfruilieail 
.liut'ling addicts: Affmlllt' Sluilt'nl Plait. ("C 129. I400 it tit/tiriglmi Ana. Alhuiiy. \l

 

 

AleNY srudENT pRESS conpormriou

noun or ornrcroas
Srsrurs Dzrsxsxx 0 Scenes RAGGIO I stirL Gxtsrs

 

 

 

r ..r.r,rr.r,..»,r .,r...r.......

)

__..;.1'- ‘.

 
 

N
/

7“" ., :,v__..z- 7,4

I‘mmg'n" —

"w

"  .z‘ﬂ'v-wc

 

4 .g

