n the I shut dow

d
' back admittedly 'over-expanded

be :‘graduate programs. in both the

ordere’ Alba
its Engi rib and history
docgto ral programs! 1' 5 UN Y
appealed. arguing that”such power
lay solely within'the7university.

' The debate over the'two programs

7 Ponders CIA

l
WASHINGTON (AP) President—
el;ct.Carter is taking his time selec-
tinga new nominee to head the CIA
and the agency will be without a
director for a while. ‘

Carter spokesman Jody Powell
told reporters in Plains. 6a.. 'I‘ucs-
day that Carter will not name a new
nominee before next week. '

Carter's first choice. Theodore C.
Sorenson. withdrew his'nomination
Monday. saying that .“Scurrilous”

' personal attacks would either defeat
him or leave him with a narrow and
divisive confirmation.

"Outgoing CIA Director George
Bush toolt‘issue Tuesday with Soren-
son‘s contention that some people in
the intelligence community opposed
1im because he was an outsider.

“I was an outsider . .‘ . and l‘m
not egotistical enough to think that
everybody in the, intelligence com-
munity believes as I believe." said
Bush. a former Republican con-

_ Kid Porn

NEW YORK (AP) Three state.
legislators announced they will iii-
iroduce a bill that would make it a

feIOny to exploit children for por-i-

nographic purposes.

The measure would provide stiff
penalties for both parents and
producers and expand the present
definition fo the state‘s obscenity law
to include children.

Chairman ofthe Child Care Com—

gress'man. GOP national chbirman
and diplomat at the United Nations
and in China.

'fBut. as an outsider. l was given
fantastic support. and discipline and
integrity; of the intelligence com-
munity is such that it will support its.
director.“ declared Bush after a
briefing of the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee. Several com-
mittee members praised Bush‘s per-
formance during his [2 months as
CIA director.

Senator Hubert H. Humphrey.-

D—Minn.. suggested that Carter
keep Bush in the post until he
chooses a successor. Humphrey said
the new president will want his own
man; but Idon‘t believe there's any
hurry. George had done a goodjob
and I am sorry to see him leave.“
But Bush told,newsman that he
leaves office at noon Thursday
“when I stop being paid."
Powell said the l’rcsidcnte—elcct

y State-University to, _'

private‘and public educatiori sectors.
After tin exhaustive review
process.. Nyqttist ruled. that the
English and history programs were
of lower-than-desired quality and
under-unlined.
.. i

Nomi time
has not decided whom he will
nominate. Hesaid Carter was aware
of press reports that he was con-
sidering Bill I). Moyers. aCBS News
correspondent who, was President
Lyndon B. Johnson's press
secretary. and Paul Warnkc. a
former assistant secretary of defense.
for the job. i
There also have been reports that
Thomas L. Hughes and Ray S.

Cline. former directors of the State
Department‘s Bureau of Intelligence

7 and Research. have been on Carter's

list.

Cline said Tuesday that he had not
been contacted by Carter‘s people
since Sorcnsen withdrew his
nomination. But Cline said he.
Hughes. Warnke and former CIA
Director James Schlesinger were un-
dcr consideration before Carter
chose Sorcnsen.

' Schlesinger has since been named
Carter's chicf energy advisor.

to Be a State Felony

mittcc. Assemblyman Howard
L.Lasher. D~Brooklyn. said the bill
would expand _the penttl law “so it
specifically includes the use of
children in obscene performance as a
class C felony.“

Under the measure. any parcitt or
legal guardian who allowed his or
her child under 16 to perform or
engage in pornographic acts or per-
formances would. if convicted. face

 

BRING IN THIS AD

for Special Student Discount

on CARPET SAMPLES

 

 

 

10‘t ea.

with this
valuable coupon.

Make your
own rug.

Small remnants
perfect for
your room.

Sizes starting
at 2’le’.
6'x9’ rugs
start as low
as $12.00.

 

 

 

 

E‘A‘ PET
REM NT

40 Fuller Road (2 blocks from Colonic Center)
4894230 Dally & Sat. Ill-9:30; Sun. 12-5

 

 

 

up to 15 years in prison.

The bill also would provide a
prison term of up to seven vettrs for
any person convicted of producing.
promoting. or profiting from por-
nographic acts or performances in-
volving children.

Sex l’rollferates

Recently. the ugly bookshops
around Times Squttrc have offered a
proliferation of pornographic
photos and films picturing young
children performing sex acts.

"Ltth governing this field are
general in nature." Lashcr said.“ln
.rccent weeks. law enforcement of-
ficials have decried the lack of
specific statutes to protect childrcn
from this outrageous forin ofabuse."

Joining Lashcr in urging swift ac-
tion by ‘the legislature on the
measure were Chairman of the
Assembly Mental Health Com-
mittee. Elizabeth Connelly. D—
Staten Island. and Eugene Levy,
R—Rockland, the ranking minority
member of the Assembly Education
Committee.

Anderson Reacts
To State Budget

ALBANY (AP) Senate Majority
Leader Warren Anderson. leader of
the Republican opposition. issued a
subdued reaction statement which
described the budget document as
"cloudy."

Tuesday. a close aide to Anderson
said the Republicans were having a
difficult time planning a reaction
because Carey's budget was
"treading on some of our territory"
with its Republican»-sounding calls
for curbs on government growth.

IAGUIO CITY. The‘l’hilippines 1

Wednesday the. Philippines is renegotiating the terms of its sugar export
agreement with American buyers to set a price higher than its own
production cost of 12 cents a pound. The move could mean higher sugar
prices to American consumers. Two weeks ago raw sugar was selling in New
York at around eight cents a pound but/reports of New Philippine sales to
China and the SoviettUnionpur  the raw price in New York to more than
ll cents and in London to more than 12 cents.

Egypt Sutton Two Days Of Bloody I-‘ilotlng

CAIRO (AP) Egyptian cities quieted down Thursday after two days or
bloody rioting over price increases on food and other products. The riots left
45 dead and many injured. Army paratroopers patrolled districts in the
capital. where the government reduced a nightime curfew by three hours at
conditions improved. Alexandria. 126 miles north of Cairo. and other cities
where there were disturbances also were reported calm. Some uneasiness it“.
visible near bakeries as people crowded around to get bread but there were no
disturbances. 'l‘he Minsitry of Interior said it still was compiling figures of
dead. injured and arrested.

Carter to Inaugurated Into u.s. Presidency
WASHINGTON (AP) In soft Georgia accent. uttering the simple oath set
out in the Constitution. Jimmy Carter comes to power today to lead the
nation into its third century. But first. on his day of the inauguration. Cllrlcr
prayed at a special church service. then walked hand in hand with Rosa lynn
Carter to the White House to be greeted at the door by a smiling President
Ford and Mrs. Ford. In the amity that marked this transition. the 315th
president and the 39th. chatted over coffee in the Blue Room before driving
together to the Capitol for the swearing—in ceremony. The vice presidents.
old and new. and their wives. joined the Fords and Carters later.

Ford Denies Blanket Amnesty To Deoerters
WASHINGTON (AP) President Ford ruled out blanket amnesty for
Vietnam military dcscrters and draft evadcrs Wednesday but directed that
wounded and decorated veterans who received other—than ~honorahlt-
discharges have their status changed to honorable dischargcsjliord late Lot
month said he Would look into the possibility of a general ltlllncsl) for
Vietnam war desertcrs and draft rcsistcrs after he was asked to do so by th
widow of Senator Philip A. Hart. 1) Mich.. who had supported silt-h
amnesty. In a letter to Mrs. Hart today. the President said he had “decided to
maintain my position on earned clemency and hope you will understand

Explosion Devastates University Building

PITTSBURGH (Al’l An explosion ripped through a classroom building ill
the University of Pittsburgh Thursday. causing a portion to the building to
collapse. Pittsburgh police said. Authorities said people were trapped in lllt'
wreckage. A police officer‘at the Oakland station said the explosion occn l l L'ti
at Clapp Hall. a classroom» laboratory building. He said he belicted thun-
were injuries. biit that he had no furllicr information. Personnel ol lilt'
Allegheny County coroner‘s office were called to the scene.

Kissinger Term Draws To Close

NEW YORK (AP) Henry A. Kissinger.cnding his eight ycars ol sciticc m lilt‘
White House and as secretary of state today. said he believes what tln- ll.illtItl
necds most “is a period of tranquility and confidence." Kissiiigci. Ill an
interview with the New York Times. said he leaves office with mixed iL‘t'iIlil!\
of regret and cautious optimism. “My first feeling after N0chth 2. on»
|one of enormous relief that l was no longer responsible for what might
happen alter January 20." he said. “Now the feeling is one ofsome emptinm
because i realize that while I am not responsible. I can also not influence

events . . .

Gas Shortage Causes GM Plant Shutdowns
LOCKPORT, N.Y.(AP) Two plants that make radiators for all (icnurttl
Motors cars ttnd trucks were shut down a second straight day litttmlil)
because of a natural gas shortage. And there were indications that .i
continued shutdown of the plants could affect operations at llii (iM asst-infill
plants in the nation. GM‘s Harrison Radiator Division plants liere llllll ottl
radiators and air conditioning units for all (iM autos and trucks. lltt'
Harrison plants. which employ 5,000 workers. shut down chllcxtiit) tillct
“5 fuel supplier. New York State Electric & (ins. curtailed gas suppltm 1“
industries.

Bank Embozzlor Surronders Himself to FBI
ROCHESTER. N.Y.(Ai’) A former bank official surrended to the till
to lace a charge he embezzled 5652.000 froin the Lincoln i‘llhl flank ol
Rncncmr' George J' Quay- 47' 01' Palmyra. formerly assistant t‘titlliollci .it
the hunk' surrendered Wednesday and arraigned before it 11,5. Illillllhll'fllt'
lie was placed in the Monroe County Jail in lieu of $50,000 hail. Utlfl) “m
accused or mking “‘0 m‘mcl’ between November 1974 and May l')7fi from
bu'nk- oPcmuon” “ccm‘m’l Which be supervised. A btiiik spokesman said the
WIZSIiIB‘I'Ioncy was dammed his" May during a general audit. Quay was fired
in uy.

l __-—I

 

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

JANUARY 21. 1977

 

7

. by'Thbmas‘vMartello  I 7 _ A

-;;,,..T.he. .University Community
Council voted Wednesday to recom- I

~ mend that SUNYA police officers be

authorized to carry firearms. accor--
ding to UCC chairperson'Patricia
Buchalter. , ’

The recommendation will be sent
to the University Senate. which now
has the task of reviewing the matter
and making its own recommendaV
tion to President Fields. who Will
make the ultimate decision.

The vote‘was taken after several
weeks of discussion by the UCC. in-
cluding three open hearings held
in the Campus Center last month.

Committee Discussion

“We had a meeting and I asked
everyone on the committee to ex-
press rwhere they were on the
proposal." said Buchalter. “After
about an hour of discussion. we put
it to a vote."

The UCC voted to recommend the
two modifications of the SUNYA
Firearms Policy which have been re~
quested by campus police. The ﬁrst.
the authorization of police officers
on motorised patrol
firearms. pttssed by it vote of 7-2. The
second modification. authorizing
the arming of officers manning the
night desk. passed by a 6-2 vote, with
one abstention. according to
Buchalter.

“Now the recommendation goes
to tiic University Senate." said
Buchalter. "They can send it back.

buehrnon

A Unlverelty Community Council has brought University Police one
step closer to legal permission to carry guns.

change it or accept it.“
Buchalter believes that the open
hearings last month were valuable.
“The hearings were constructive.

One thing I learned wastltat there is .
to carry rso much misunderstanding by

students when it comes to knowledge
about campus officers. One
recommendations is that informa—
tion about this subject be dis-
seminated to the student body."
Against Recommendation

The two students on the UCC
voted against the recommendation.
"I felt that was reflecting a great ma-

slawsky

Newly-appointed Commissioner of Education Ernest Boyer.

Guilty Landlord Fined in Fire Case

by Bryan Holzberg

One co-owncr of a Dove St.
residence where four SUNYA
students were injtlrcd in a Nov. 17
fire has entered a guilty plea to
charges of violating two housing
code regulations.

This is only the second case in
which an Albany landlord has been
found guilty of code violations. ac-
cording to City Attorticy John Roe
and members of the Albany Cotili~
tion for Effective Code Enforce-
ment.

Michael Rickman was fined $200
for the violations by Albany Judge
Thomas chgnn as similar charges
against co-owncrs Lawrence Sloman
tlnd Norman Liebcwitl. were tid-
jouriictl in contemplation for dis-
missal. Rickmnn was the manager of
48A Dow 51.. according to Roe.
with Slointin and Licbcwitl. "not up-
pnrently strongly involved" with the
building.

JANUARY 21, 1977

The owners were charged With
violating a condemnation order and
with not providing a sprinkler
system or fire escape as required by
state law for buildings with more
than three apartments. Six people
were "injured as a direct result ofthe
violation.“ Roe said.

Former Uticu mayor Dominick
Assaro. fireman James VanVorst.
and students George DcLuca. Ellen
Deutschmtin. Monica Leonards and
Ralph l’olk had all been hospitalized
at Albany Medical Center but have
since been released.

Roc said the owners could have
been fined from SlOto $200 or be im-
prisoned for 31) days or both for each
day someone lived in the building
while the violation existed. Roe said
such a cumulative penalty was too
harsh with the $200 fine “hopefully
an effective deterrent for other
landlords."

Greg Bell of the Albany Coali-

jority of the student opinion." said
Bruck Solnick.

“I voted against it." said Mike
Kranis. “I don't believe that arming
the officers will act as a deterrent to
crime." '-

ln Favor

“Having seen some ofthe security
reports. I felt the recommendation is
in order." said Dave Long of the
Educational Communications
Center. “I voted in favor of it.“

The University Senate will meet
on the matter next month. according
to Buchalter.

 

warm-a"- r: p t
The proposal to allow additional
public safety officers to carry
firearms'has been met with opposi’s.
'tion by some students. As might be

‘ expected. however. a great majority

of the SUNYA policemen apparent-
ly favor,the proposal. ’
Eleven public safety ofﬁcers inter-

' viewed recently all felt that ﬁrearms

were essential both to their own
protection and to their ofﬁcial duty
of protecting others” lives ,and
property. ' , g i ’

Each officer interviewed voiced
concern about the possibility of un-,
armed patrolmcn confronting a
suspect orsuspects armed with lethal
weapons.

Patrolman Douglas Kern. for ex-
ample. referred to the inherent un-
certainty involved in police work as
the “potential of danger.“ A person
stopped for questioning. said Kern.
"Can be as sweet as pie. or he might
blow your head off."

“You don't know what a person's
reaction will be when you approach
him." echoed investigator Jack
Ruth.

Upon encountering a potentially
dangerous situation. it is standard
procedure for a patrolman to radio
for armed assistance. The time spent
waiting for such help to come.
agreed several officers. can seem in-
tcrminable.

"Two minutes is a bell of a long
time when you're the officer standing
there." said patrolman George

SUN Y Chancellor Boyer
Chosen as US. Ed Head

by Jonathan Hodges
and Thus Martello

SUNY Chancellor Ernest L.
Boyer announced Wednesday that
he will leave his current position to
accept the post of [1.5. Coni-
missioncr of [Education in the Carter
administration. The announcement
was made dtiring a press conference
held at SUNY central.

Boyer will be in charge of-thc 59
billion Office of Education. one of
the three branches of the Depart-

tion for Effective Code Enforcement
called the ﬁne ridiculous as a
deterrent. The City was not serious
in prosecuting code violators. Bell
said. as indicated by the easily paid
penalty which he felt would be of lit-
tle consequence to such violators.

Roe said a suit has been started in
the case brought by attorney Donald
Sqmmers representing Deutschman.
He would not say if the City was be-
ing sued for damages in addition to
the owners and Sommers' office
reported the attorney was on vaca-
tion.

Notice of claims have also been
filed by attorney Bart Costello on
behalf of Leonards and DeLuca. in-
dicating that they are investigating
the possibility of similar suits. Such
claims had to be filed within 900fthe
occurrence of damages on Nov. 17.

Attorney Paul Kietzman retained
by Polk in the case could not be
reached for comment.

ment of Health. Education and
Welfare.

Boyer said he did not actively seek
the job and only accepted the posi-
tion after conferring with HEW
Secretary designate Joseph Califano
over the weekend.

“i was impressed by Califtino's
leadership." said Boyer. as he ex-
plained his reasons for accepting the
position. He added tliatCalifano had
made it clear that education will be a
high priority in the new administra-
tion.

When questioned about a possible
successor at SUNY. Boyer said. “It
would be wholly inappropriate for
me to recommend anyone."

In listing his priorities for the post.
Boyer expressed concern for the im-
provement of the quality of elemen-
tary and secondary level education.
as well as a need to evaluate urban
education.

Boyer spoke of the equality of
access to education. which has been
a prime concern during his 12 year
tenure at SUNY. Boyer cited the
TAP program. the largest financial
program in the country. as a product
of this concern.

The SUNY Board of Trustees will
meet January 26 to select as interim
chancellor. Some SUNY officials ex-
pect the appointment of Executive
Vice Chancellor James Kelly. who
acted as Chancellor during Boycr’s
recent four—month leave at Cam-
bridge University.

Sources also said that the selection
process to find a permanent replace-
ment .is expected to take several
months.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

iltiotolo. ’ ;, .

7 "Trim interth cited'atnutaber

of incidentiof seriouicrimina ,
tivity to supporti tIieir"coritehtton '
that additional ﬁrearms-ire a real
need. Patrolman Jim Ready”. .in
pointing to a photograph of a car,
found abandon on campus. said
the car had been ditched by a
sixteen-year-old wanted for the
slashing of a policeman. . . » 

Ruotolo mentioned an incident in
which he and his partner stopped an ‘
apparently drunkeniman Who had ‘
been driving erratically along
Perimeter Road. After the two of-
ficers asked the suspect for his car
registration. said Ruotolo. a woman
accompanying the suspect opened
the auto‘s glove compartment. which
contained a 'gun.

Ruotolo said his partner “remov-
ed the gun before he (the suspect)
could use it.“ In commenting on
Ruotolo‘s story. patrolman Dave
Carpenter stated. “thOse guys were
not shot only by the grace ofGod."

Many officers were concerned
about the amount of back-up sup- ‘
port available for a patrolman
caught by chance in a dangerous
situation. Public Safety Director
James Williams said that during the
night. which is the time most serious
crimes occur. one police supervisor
was usually the only armed man
available.

Another officer added that a
patrolman‘s ‘bcat‘ included areas V
off-campus. such as Dudlcy Obser-
vatory in Colonic and the EOI’
center in downtown Albany. which
a re otit ofrangc of radio contact with
‘ampus security headquarters.
Therefore patrolmcn driving
through such an area cannot contact
their fellow officers in the event ofun
emergency.

One officer admitted to not ade-
quately pursuing a man suspected of
last-year‘s rape and attempted rape
largely because. he claimed. he lack-
ed a gun. The officer said he had
trailed a suspicious person who had
been obscrvcdlfollowing women into
some woods on campus. However.
otit of'l'ctir he said. he let the man es-
cape.

“You have to understand my
situation.“ said the officer in recall—
ingtlicincident.“l'minthe middle of
these woods. it's pitch black, I know
lcan't radio back an exact location. 1
lcthimgo . . . Youcan'texpect me
to confront that person without a
weapon . . . I've got a family."

A few public safety officers tried
to allay fears about their use of
firearms by comparing their own
training to that of local police. Ac-
cording to Ruotolo. while a high
school diploma can qualify a person
for the Albany police department
campus police are required to have
two years prior police experience or
two years of “police science training
in college.

Additionally. campus police must
requalify twice a year on a shooting
range for continued permission to
carry guns around campus.

Patrolman Kern added that. as so
many officers have become ac-
customed to working without
firearms. they would use guns with
great restraint if permitted to use
them. A newly armed patrolman
“won't suddenly feel like Superman
and start shooting". he assured.

Kern argued that in the four years
since some public safety ofﬁcers

continued on page four

 

