v~--_‘ V

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 eminently}  A
" weeuuuwuuuw'
suave

Any legal hassles?

 

 

 

Come to "the SA. Office
Campus Center 346

 

 

SCHEDULE
Mon 6 pm - 10 pm
Tues 10 am - 3 pm

Wed 2pm-6pm
Thurs 6pm 10pm

Fri 9am-1 pm

 

l' / IH mule/u unmiimun

 

 

/ﬂl\\\

The Good Rats

and Special Guest

November l7t.h — Thursday
Page Hall, 8:00 PM

Reserve Seating

$l.50 with tax
$3.00 without

Limit 1 per tax card

 

'Pa 11 -C.a rib b ea 11 Association
presents

THE
GREATEST

The story of Muhammed Ali

  

   
   
  
   

Friday & Saturday
November 4 & 5
LC 23

$1.00 w/tax
$1.50 w/out

Imiili'il lit .r/mlr'III Il.\.\tltltlllrill

 

and the chucli mangione quartet

at the Palace on
Friday, Nov. 4, 8 PM
Tickets$2.50 with tax
$4.50 without

Good seats on sale now at SA Contact Office!

Bus Tickets 50¢

 

Jerry Garcia tickets on sale Nov. 14, 8 AM

lmnlml hr slut/cm ioim Itllltlll

 
    

 

 

 

By STUART VINCENT

A fairy princess dashed down the hall
of Adirondack. 'l‘arzan paused to
rummage through the huge bag be
dragged behind him. A three foot tall
clown stood in a doorway ol~ Mahiean
with his mouth open and a punled look
on his face until the student whose hand
he held bent down and whipcred
something in his car. “Trick ortreat". he
yelled.

These were three till he ()5 children who
spent Saturday afternoon on Indian
Quad as part ol‘ its fifth semi-animal Orie-
to-Onc Day when physically. mentally
and emotionally handicapped children
are brought to the quad and paired up
with student volunteers.

1 he children came from the lileanor
Rooseveih Developmental Center and
the Wildwood School. this was the ﬁrst
time that the Wildwood School had
participated in ()ne-to—One and they did
so because ol' the large numbers ol’
students who volunteered to participate.

“'l'he l'irst tally of volunteers was I25.
We had to tiirn some of the volunteers
away because there weren‘t eiiotigli
children." said Don Scidenberg who.
along with Lori Mc('ool. was incliarge ol'
organi/ing the event.

(One-to-Ohe Somehow 
Brings It All Together

The children were given lunch on the
quad and participated in a variety of
activities with their volunteers. A ﬁre
truck was provided by the Albany Fire
Department for the children to climb
aboard and ring the hell. or disappear
beneath the huge l'iremcn hats. Children
and their volunteers were allowed to bowl
for tree at the Campus Lanes. and the
Women‘s Auxilary (iym was available for
their use.

Later in the day. the lrick-or-trcat
began. ()ver 70 suites oii the quad had
volunteered to give out candy to the
children and the volunteers attempted to
keep up with them as they raced from
room to room.

()ne-to-Onc day ﬁrst began on Indian
Quad as regular event in the Fall ol'l975
due to the efforts of Mark Halt. who had
participated in a previous volunteer day
on the quad.

“i went on the bus with the kids and I
saw the poor homes they came from.“
said Seidenberg. “It was a shocking
emotional experience for me and I
became attached to my kid.“

A party brought the day to a close as all
the children and volunteers gathered in
the basement ol' Oneida-Onondaga l'or
rcl reslimcnts. songs. and an enjoyment of

 

fmovie review

sense ol depression.

and niorco\ er. between good and c\il,

ior o\ er 2 hotirs.

Goodbye Mr. Goodbar

By PETER LEVY
I.lll‘/\i’i.l,’ [or Mi: (foot/liar: it‘s not worth the trotiblc.
Unless you lia\c read the book. or are interested in watching the actingtalents ol'
Diane Keaton on display. don‘t go see looking/or Mr. (foot/liar. It is a movie
plagued by niitlcrdmclopcd characters. underdeveloped scenes. and an overall

Yet Diane Keaton is the exception. standing otit both mentally and physically.
She portrays a Doctor .lcckyll. Mr. Hyde type cliarctcr. During the day. the
understanding teacher to deal children. At night. the sexually frustrated and guilt
ridden cruiserol bars. A deﬁnite contradiction is iiianil‘ested hetweenday and night.

Brought tip iiia strict. ('hristian home. tltc maincharcter is unableto integrate the
many laccts oI hcrpcrsonality, lltis isthc tiiaiii point ol the him. yet it is dragged out

W

C ookiiig loi' Woody Allen!

l'xccpt lor an occasional disco song. like it or not. Lou/ting [or ill". (food/im-
lacks sttcccsslul di\crsil'ication. Nothing more interesting develops than the simple
tact that nothing is dc\cloping. I he characters are interestingand well represented.
yet so inlrcqucntly' seen, in anticipation. the viewer expects a relationship or an
interaction to develop. I he don‘t, the result is a sense ol incohesivcness. A lielpltil
social worker here. an angry lather there. A \ulncrable. scll~centcrcd sister there.
aIid ti determined dcai child here.

And the end. \ycll. 1 mail mention it. Io say the least. it‘s dil'lcrent than Slur
ll ma.

 

#1

 

 

 

 

 

the rewards of trick-or-treat.

"Goodbye buddy." said one tearful
child as she littggcd the volunteer she had
been with.

liel'ore they left. some ol' the children
gave their volunteers their phone
numbers iii order to keep in touch with
them. and promises were madcto see each
other again in the Spring lor the next

()ne—to—Oiic Day.

“It was a tremendous success." aid
Seidcnberg. “ Everyone had a good time.“
'I be real success ol'ihe day. however. was
the relationship that grew so quickly
between a child and a volunteer who was
able to give him or her the individual
attention that so many of the children
lacked.

Voter League Can Cure
Them Ole Apathy Blues

By WENDY MILLER

Political apathy on cainPU-‘i
Unthinkable. At least accoi'dingto Kathy
Wall ot the League of Women Voters.
who adamantly maintains that SUNYA
students have an indestructible streak oi
political actiiisiii in them. albeit
embedded in layers ol‘ indil'lcrcncc. I‘he
cycle ol listlessiicss isn‘t irreversible and
the malady ol' tiiiconcern cart be easily
arrested. '1 he cure is painless two parts
willingness to participate. one part
awareness. and three parts patience and
pcrsevercnce.

The League oi Women Voters oi'lers
the opportunities to become inyolvcd in
political allairs-local. state. and national.
lhccliaptcr Ill Albany is geared tostiit the
needs ol the student. Its calendar is in
direct coricspoiitlencc unit that ol' the
school ycai. llic | caguc seeks to inlorm
men and women about the issues that
concern them. to in\o|\cd them in
politics. to initiate them into the
coiilosing gov criiioeiital web and to instill
in tiiciii a curiosity and an iiitcrcs‘t in the
issurc. Participation includes discussion.
debate and decisions.

'Ihere are l'aeets ol' the League to
interest even the most unconcerned
student a rare breed at Albany. Il'
politics is not your tone. you can immerse
yoursell' iii any oi the other areas of the
League. such as ptiblicatioiiandlinancc.

llie League is in\ol\ed in the
prescr\ation ol' botli land and human
resources. Land resources are exhautiblc;
the League tries to promote awareness
and interest in conserving and improving
the quality ot existence. lltiman resources
are not dcpletablc bill are ol'tcn stagnant.
llie League seeks to revive these reserves
and to ptil them into action.

the relationship between you and the
League Is mutualistic. l’he Leagttc prolits
li'oni yotir contributions ol‘ time and
energy. You beneﬁt by bciitg iiil'orined.
involved and instrumental in bettering
the place ltl which you live. Participation
is not philanthropic: as yott give. you
receive.

indiilerciice is destructive; concern is
productive. It you are interested in
joining the League at Womentand Men)
Voters. you can contact Kathy Wall at
474—1 I25.

 

JOURNALISM STUDENTS MEETING

 

3 pm.

 

the purpose of which will be

To Form A Journalism Club
and to discuss courses for the Spring and 'the future

Thursday Nov. 3

HU 354

 

 

 

 

k

NOVEMBER 1, 1977

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

J

PAGE NINE

 

1 “us:-

 

 .Lx..L.,-.~<xie">h-is§s¢&' ., , , ‘
In... ¥.m..-,._—_a 1~A_.-...v..s

Ema»; w a ; a, pawn- as.“

 

Yr“

 

 

   
 

