.é
 i

 

 

 

PACI 4‘

our: COLLIGE les. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 5. 1954

 

 

Female Authors

0... 0.. 71.. .444.
To Submit Verse ‘

By FRITZ CRUMB

Another semester has begun, and with Miss Futterer’s direction,
it seems, at this point, to be one should result in being a hit. Cast-
full of theatrical activities at State. ing will be in the near future.

I I
For Publication
Our spring season has in the offing Fm; those of you who are mum

In conjunction with its February several AD lab productions a

publication of the late Dylan Thom- professional promotion, the spring ested in Arena Theatre (that's
. u . . , , theatre in the round), there is an
as great verse play Undei Milk play. and many othei suipiises. To article In the December 1953 issue

a start the semester, Tuesday night , _

wooa' mmmo'une magazme is Fran Verven and Joan Carlin will or ,Playe‘s .Maganfe d‘falmg With
offering two $100 Dylan Thomas present their own productions m cm summer theatre here at State.
Awards for be“ Poems by young Page Hall. From all reports, these The “tide. is written by Jim
Women Wl'iters- one Prize Win 8'0 t0 plays should be entertaining as well Hughes” 8’ 53 graduate' Who. was
wcmen college students under thun. as good theatre. Miss Verven“; play Technical Director and Designer
by. the Other to Women under “MW will present the long-awaited de- fol “bi summers Season Tm? 31"
who may or may not be college but to the state stage of John Trit- We ‘5 we“ “’0‘”? the reading and
graduates to. He has a background of much “Telactciompaﬁymg photogmphs 0f
professional theatre experience and pmcluc gns.ggettféil eﬁfeueim ex"

should prove a welcome addition ampe, o l' e S S lwtfh the
to drama hem Miss Carlin,s cast cameia. This should help give a
has been workinr hard to make “me premge to the many Who
° work so hard for theatre at State.

has been called the modern Keats, “J for time lost ue to the de .
.. ait-
handed his revised manuscript to “Le of Ross Haék from the; ivy D&A Council is setting up a pic-

Madamolsene's editors only a week halls Ross had been cast in a lead- tul'e me dealing With 911 35990155
beforef .tuntilmeWngatflii' 2t  mg. role in the may but found it of theatre. today and past. This
ﬁgemo fl tI’i’h-n 11;: mu blistecli) b necessary to leave school. To mm. should prove 'helpful for displays
cal op o H;e .p‘ y.f T; alt: we at state owe a debt of gram and in providing research material
1313;311:811: I113‘sriililigitsweo welsﬁm‘aisnage mde for the ﬁne performances he £01: planning continues and settings
which inspired the play may well has given “5‘ his Md m direcmng bOX p-laysk Any-connibunons woum

,, ' ‘ school presentations. and for his e gleatli,applecmtedv and by the
become a collectOIS item- many Ideas which helped put a way, this is an excellent opportuni-

‘ . t Mnde_ spark 11, some otherwise weak p1.0_ ty for freshmen who are still trying
m5:le cggmttiﬁgy tiger. [ﬁve been ductions (rememberFlapperettes??i. t9, 001190911011”. JUSF give YOU!“ 0011-
published previously except in col- His ideas have been incorporated m tiibutions to me, 01 leave them in
lege publications. No writer may “11-? Year's All-0011688 Revue. Student Mall'
Send in more than three poems, which brings to inliid the fact that For the future. let‘s all remem-
Enutes should be typewritten and this revue is an all college one. and her the Alﬁliates‘ movie soon to
double..spaced on white paper’ The that means that everyone can and be announced, the forthcoming art
contestant's mama addresg age and should participate in some way or exhibit sponsored by D&A, and that
um collagen or “not, in college" another. several plays arc casting. Looking
should be clearly marked Judges of The big news of the week is the back. or rather forward. I should
the contest are Madamoiseue edit- selection of the Spring play. Last sin that the next few months pre-
Ops. The deadline is Apr“ 15' 1954. Tuesday. the AD class had their sent much to be waited for, and
Contestants Should send poems to final discussion on plays being con- also a strong argument; in support
Mmlamolsene Dylan Thcmas Awm-d' Sidered, and they decided upon of George Jean Nathan's remark.
Madamoisene magazine, 575 MadL Molnar's _Liliom. This is the play "so long. however. as there is one
“on Avenue. New York 22” N. Y, from winch the popular IlillSlCill, pretty girl left on the stage. the
Carousel. was adapted. The ﬁnal prochsional undertakers may hold
choice seems like a ﬁne one. and up the burial of the theatre.

 

The publication of the Thomas
play marks a literary milestone for
fashion magazines. Thomas. who

In ier-Sororii

The silent period for Sorority

members and freshmen will begin
Sunday night at 8 pm. and will ex-
tend until pledge service on Feb-
ruary 16 at 5:30 pm. During the
silent period there shall be no com-

y Rush Rules

 

ﬁnancial obligations undertaken in
joining a particular sorority may
apply to the Dean of Women.

The following are rules regard-

munication between rushees and mg the sending of bids:

sorority members except for two

parties given by each sorority for

invited rushees.

1. There shall be no rushing
during this period except by means
of the parties described below and
then only in the sorority houses.
Except at the parties there shall be
no conversation between rushees
and sorority members. and it shall
be considered an oﬁ’ense to have a.
third person act as a medium to
carry on a conversation.

2. On the weekend of February
12 and 13 each sorority shall give
two parties for invited rushees and
in the following order:

a. A buffet supper from 6 to 9
pin. on Friday.

5'

. A formal dinner from 7 to 11
pm. on Saturday. (Invited
rushees shall not arrive before
the ﬁrst hour mentioned and
shall leave not later than the
second).

3. Notices will be sent by Intel'-
sorority council to rushees through
student mail on Monday. February
8 at 8 am. These notices will iii-
struct the rushees to come to a.
designated place before 5 pm. of
that day to receive invitations to
formal weekend. Rushees must re-
turn these invitations to a member
of council in the designated place
between the hours of 9 am. and 5
pm. on that day.

4. Rushccs wishing to obtain
additional information about the

 

 

Council Slates  s _..-
Marketing Grants

The Market Research Council of
New York has announced the 88- By Theodore l‘cdersen ‘57 
tablishment of National Student The mm. is 1200 AID The Em-
Awards in Mﬂl‘keung Reseal'Ch- The pcror. Eastbrook Scinncgler. and
awards. to be made annually to his Prime Minister. Ivan Hoe Mc-
UIIdel'-gl'ﬂdliiit€ Stiidents m 1'91'09’“ Carty. are seated hi their special
nized colleges and universities in the box M me Jammﬂcked Stadium
continental 1}“!th States: have Just before Lhc contest is to begin.
been established to encourage 1”" we hear the Prime Minister speak-
lerest in the study of marketing mg;
research.

Competitive sports has held tradi—
tional favor among us Emperors
ever since my forefathers threw
out the ﬁrst Christian to the lions
to open the sporting season. I cor-
tiilniy inn enthusiastic and inter-
ested in competitive sports, but not

for reasons that are immediatc
“Sire. which team do you favor (,ymousy ]y

to win the games?"

The Einpcror turns his hcnd
slowly and ﬁxes his crafty, cold
eyes upon Ivan Hoc McCarty suy~
lng: "To be pcrfccily blunt. Ivan,

Over twenty professors teaching
the subject in colleges and univer-
sities helped the Awards Commit-
tee design the plan so it will be
most effective. Dr. Lyndon 0. Brown
of Dancer-Fitzgcruld-Samplc. lnc., ,,°
is chairman of thc Council Com-
inittcc on Awards.

“Ah, I might have gucsscd! Coin-
pctitivc sports has a special pro-
found signiﬁcancc to an cmporer
such as you. a signiﬁcance that is
not apparent to norinai men."

. . . Oh, Sirc." interrupts Mc- , "Exlif'iii' Fight. H00. My sub-
Clmy‘ “I be“ WU not to cull me Jccts who participate in competitive
'Ivun.’ You know how I hate that Sports scc it as being excellent for
The miles (“form are me cash name! Please, Just on“ me ~HUC maintaining hcnilh. providing di-
uwurds or $100 each, and w“ cash McCarthy... vcrsion, promoting Icomrndcship
“wards of $25 euchl mwh uwmd “VOW we” H”... “5 you wish. m und‘dcvchuiing coordination. And
will be accompanied by a Ccrtiﬁ- uuswcl' to your Quest-10H» I L011 .VOU “um "i mt" “MW”. “'1‘” “1'0 "u"
cute Ur Mam m we nmmlmmlg I um completely lmlmcwm as m iiblc lo iii-Lively participate become
instructor. As an riddcd award. one iii“ UlliCUmC Ur WWI)"S spurt" Sliw'm‘m and mm 811"” (Mormon
or the students winning one of the Sensing (but the ICmncl'm' is 1H “"d “““""“““”"“L 1“ “(China “"1
livc principal awards will be invil- one of his talkative moods bccuusc “‘lkl'm “Pm” 1'" Huwewr' “'3‘”.
ml to gttcnci a Special meeting of he boliicrod to answer the question H""'- “"1” “a “‘0 “'0” “‘“l W“
the Market Resom-ch Cuuncn in at all. McCarty. the good truss,” Elnpori‘i's cncourngc coinpctilivc
New York Cl”. Mm H” (Expenses mm he is. “Hmnms w 51),”. the sports Just bccuusc ll plcuscs or is
bald. The basis of thc award is conversation with u (liiimicnii lx'm‘nme .1” “‘0 WWI)!“ FM {mm
“cmhmuon D" “n instructor “ml "But Sh.“ WU “mu” “ppm”. so it. As i said. wc hnvc our own ino-
thc submission of cvidcncc of l)('l‘- illit‘l'bsu‘fi Hind UHUHISIMUC 0V0" HWS'
sonal accomplishment in tho study tilt-Sc ('Ullllwtii‘imiS v - - " “Conipciuivc sports. that is. tin»
of marketing rcsunrch, "Don‘t nilsululcrstinul mo. Hon. pitting of human against human
in u conical. is analogous to war
ill that ihc sonic conflict. of human
uguinsl. lllllilllll is cvidcnl. 'l‘lu-
playing licld. good line. is tho psy—
chologicni and physical training
ground for thc bunic llcld on which

 

.—....

The Snack Bar -

Win-r0 univcrsul cliuruclt-rs nim-l

 

Almost Too Good
To Be True . . .

12” LONG

lo discuss universal ll‘lllllH

Competitive . Sports

my power renews itself. Competi-
tivc sports develops aggressiveness
and a militant attitude speciﬁally
directed at other people. Now, this
cultivath appetite for struggle
against people is blended with
those higher qualities of self-sacri—
ﬁcc, teamwork and esprit. dc corps
which are also developed by com-
petitive sportsln short, those vices
and virtues taught by competitive
sports arc ideally suited for milk-
inc, efﬁcient and disciplincd sol-
dicrs."

The role of compcliiivc sports
licrc is to give my subjccls.
spectators and participants iilikc.
sufficient divorsion so that they
will not be disposcd to think so-
riously about tho potentials within
themselves. Also. the people trims-
for the philosophy of coinpctilivc
sports to lhcir own philosophy and
so picture llfc us Doing it struggle
among propic rather than what it
rciilly is: u struggle of mun against
stubborn nnturc.

Should the people's idea of com—
pciiiion among Llicmsclvcs, as fos-
lcrcd by competitive sports. bc rc-
pinccd by the L‘iilitft‘lii of coopcru-
Lion uinong liicuisclvcs with lhc ob—
Jcct of making lhc fort-cs of Nu—
iurc niuu's scrvnni, lhcn. Hoc. old
man. lhcrc'll bc no room for mcn
likc us . . . "

At this point lhc shouts und
shricks of one hundred thousand
voices ccho throughout. the stadium
~ llic conlcst is bcginning.

As Emperor Sciimcglcr und Priino
Ministci' McCarty gum down upon
llu- colorful giudiutors. liicy cx-
(‘hungc the World ol lhoughi for
illlll of illusion.

 

PLAYING RECORDS
j Only $1.98 apiece

’I‘chaikovaky Symphony No. 5
Franck Symphony in D Minor

 

 

ART KAPNER

Ruclnninilnoff Second Piano

Rice Bldg.
["htt- Dry (‘loaniug

'l‘ol. 62-1152 208 Quail St.

 

Concerto

 

n I ) V ' ' ' " ‘ y ' I H
i()Ul\ 51/111. INSUA/INCI. MAN Dvnmk “New We“ (1,, Symphony

. and many others

ALL 'l‘YPIEIS of lNSURANCIi

 

BLUE NOTE SHOP
156 Central Ave.

(Across from Noisnor's ii 85 10)
Open 6 Nights 'til i)

75 State Street 3-1471 Albany, N. Y.

 

 

 

F elicia’s
Beauty Salon
its-A No. Lake Ave.

iNear Washington Ave.)

"JIMMY"—Halr Stylist
Telephone 3-9740

 

 

A. Entering Sophomores, Jun-
iors, Seniors and Graduate stu-
dents may be given bids at the
same time as the freshmen.

B. The number of women in any
class that a sorority may pledge
shall be limited to 25.

C. Each sorority may take no
more than two transfers a year
beyond the quota for each class.

D. Second semester freshmen
and transfers must be in attend-
ance for one semester before they
may receive bids.

E. Procedure for giving bids:

1. A complete list of bids from
each sorority must be in the
ofﬁce of the Dean of Women
by 9 am. on February 15. 1954.
The same day by 12:35 p.111.
all rushees shall have their
preferences in the Dean‘s 0f-
ﬁce At 5 pm. Monday, the
presidents of the sororities may
receive lists of rushees who
have chosen their sororities.

IQ

. Formal bids will be sent to the
rushch through the strident
mail on Tuesday.

3. Great care and discrimination
should be Used by rushees in
checking preference blanks. If
a rushcc does not receive a bid
from her ﬁrst preference but
docs receive one from her sec-
ond. she will be obligated to
join the second sorority. If she
docs not receive it bid from
her second or first choice, but
docs from her third, then shc
will bc obligated to join the
third.

F. Any i‘uslii'c who refuses to
accept plcdgcship in a sorority
which she has stated in her prcl-
ercncc blank shall be ineligible for
general sorority rushing and bid—
ding for one your from date of hcr
refusal. Any rushcc who pledges
and breaks lliul picdgc .Jm'il hc
ineligible for a pcriod of onc your.
Special cases may be rcl'crrcd lo
Inter-Sorority Council.

Delegates To Attend
Education Conference

«(.‘onlimurd from Pug/ix I, Column 3'

asked them to act up it studan
committcc to work with the faculty
concerning student-faculty rclution-
ships. all-college functions, etc.
The Deans suggested that thc coni-
inittcc consist of 4. 5 or 6 mom—
bcrs, with an oven division of male
and [comic nicnibcrs. ’l‘hrcc incm-
bcrs wcrc uppolntcd in Council
meeting. Thcy arc Mudclinc Payne
’54. Robert Conn '55 and Robert
Botschu '56.

Council clcclcd a new chairman
of lillcclion Commission. Alicc Mu~
shoiun ‘54. Two Juniors will havi-
to bc clcctcd in thc Connnission
ncxi. wool: in hast-inbly.

Council discussed thc possrbility
of scnding dclcguics lo the linstcrn
Stutcs Association Conl'crcncc to bo
hcld iicxl. inontii. 'l'lic coni‘crcucc
includcs iill ’l‘cuclicrs Collcgcs ill
tho urcu and consists of uciidcinic
discussions and cduciilionul rcpoi'is.
Mudciinc Pnync ‘54, lost ycur's (ici—
cgulc to tho conl'crcncc, sluicd (hut
it was wholly u curricular princci.
not at all cxtriururriculnr. ’l‘hcrc—
lorc Lhc Council incmbcrs urgucd
thul. lhc l'uculiy should puy for
purl. of tho cost. of [hp trip, sun-c ii.
will bcncl'lt lhc school and lhc i'du—
cution dcpui'inu-nl.

ll. nus ulso di'i'ldcd ill thc nii'cl—
ing that am scnd two dclcgulcs to
tho Nullouul Hindi-n! Association
(lonl‘crcuci- to ho iii-id chncsdur
ul liusscil Sago (.‘oilcgc. iiohcri.
(.‘nun 'no and William Suiuli Till
wi'i't' lilo uppollitt'd i'cpri'scnlullyrs.

—.

Joe’s Barber Shop

58 N. Lake Ave..
Near Washington Ave.
2 Banana

 

We Aim To Phone

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

'STATI COLLIGI N‘IWS. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 5. 1954

' ” ’MR 3

4m ‘71:. 314.14..“ Poiier Club Cogers Beat APA; State Hoopgtgn Engggg“ 4. I

By BOB ASHFIELD

 

It has been a constant theme of
the sports writers here at State to

mention a

Potter Club took over league

few times during the leadership in the Intramural Bas-

year how unfacilitated the athletic ketball League Wednesday night
department is, and what would be When they knocked APA from the
the outcome if the varsity squads ranks of the unbeaten, in overtime.

had a host of these facilities.

Naturally gym is still the fore-
most necessity, but we wonder jus
how long It would be before this is
acquired If the present rate at
which the barracks are being ren-
ovated is the rate at which things
are accomplished around this place.

To 'bring some of you up to date,
one of the four barracks located at
College Heights is. or shall we say.
supposed to be the new training
quarters and where the new train-
ing equipment acquired from Cham-
plain last summer was supposed
be housed. This equipment includes
two whirlpool baths. a
machine. scales and other valuable
training equipment, which now that
we have it might as well be used.
Besides housing this epuipment
plans were for

The final score was 46-40.

The importance of the game was

t evident by the number of specta-
tors who were present to root for
the frat hoopsters.

The game got off to a slow start

as neither team was able to pene-
trate the other's defense in the
first few minutes. each team set-
ting up a successful 2-1-2 zone.
German started the scoring for
Potter as he dropped in a foul and
then followed it seconds later with
a successful hook shot. Karsten
to got the APA men into the scoring
column when he, too, sank a foul
dmmel-mlc shot. Fox, working in the bucket.
then added four more.

As the game progressed APA's

advantage in height became more
evident as they grabbed rebound
equipment momsv after rebound. Added to this, the

. v ' forced to shoot
showers. rubdown tables. ofﬁce POWER me“ “(619
space' plus the other essentials of from the outSide as the APA zone

a good training quarters.

Think how a facility such as this
would aid our outdoor sports. Last
fall the soccermen were not issued
all their equipment because a suit-
abie place wasn‘t available. Also
after practice the players had to
come all the way back to school to
shower and dress. The same story
will prevail during baseball unless
some sort of a revolution breaks
out.

The really great importance of
ﬁnishing the job started on the
barracks is so that the above
equipment can be put into use. The
time that the athletes here at State
spend out of action because of in-
juries is tremendous compared to
what it should be if this equip-
ment was used. Last year when it
became necessary to resort to such
methods of treatment the players
had to be sent to either Union.
RPI. or Siena which wasted time
and money.

This year the injuries to John
and Bill Lindberg and Jack Pcngel-
ley could have been healed much
more quickly. Right now in the
basketball season, the ankle injury
of Walker's and McDonald's foul
trouble could have been cleared up
sooner. This week. Big Lou Curr.
is unable to attend practice be-
cause of an aggravated ankle and
might not be able to makc the nip
up north with the team this work

Maybe a team will get by once
without missing players of this
caliber. but not very often. Now
there is no reason for anything of
this nature—that is if something
can be done about resuming a job
well started, but left all too soon.
Maybe there are good reasons for
such action. we don't know but will
accept any or all reasons. We just
want to know what happened.

John Contra To Lead
State’s Varsity Club

At u rcccnt meeting of tlic vurslly
lcttcrinen hero iii Stair. officcrs
were elected to bond thc ucw Varsity
"S" Club. The final tabulations iii-
dlcatcd the approval of tho follow-
ing men as officers:

President—John Contra—'54

Vice President—Don Canonical—’55

Secretary—John l'cngcllcy—‘fi’l

'l‘rcasurcr—John l.indbcrg-—'56

'l‘hc organization was foundcd
with tlic following purposes in
mind: to cnhuncc thc prestige and
value of tlic Albuny Slutc ’I‘cuchcrs
Varsity lettcr: lo pi'ovldc cducu-
tionnl opixirlunitics for its inchi—
hers. and to sponsor, sthnuiuic. nnd
prunotc. ii" ncccssury, ways and
incuns of supporting and improvmg
the Collcgc's athletic program.

CAFE

LOCATED AT

 

became tighter.

 

SLS And APACF......saZ£ Baal.

Gain Lead in HM Heap League Rival In weekend 

APA Leads Attila“; If m d ‘t 
Down 15 to 55 at e a . e , - s k n 8 mm er
. The spmts fans of State Will this wee e g
~ ith .
ﬁggelirgms’iss etllitgeioitilliii iiiigergvnge chance to puzzle over the aggregation representing the
for four quick points. APA. how- cage endeavors of Albany State. ’lhe peds, who now sport
“"1" led by “‘9 Cleve" 8“ 1“““‘““B a five win - four loss record, have given their followers the
and Sharp eye or Stl"“"’er' rem" indications of being a “Grade A” ball club who for the most
ted with five more. The game . . . . . .
[then went into a see-saw battle, part are engaged in competition which is belowtheir level.
each team matching baskets until They have on occasion staged brilliant hoop displays and
the 0‘11”! Wong“ successfm 58‘ at other times have appeared to be suffering an off night
Shots 0f Horwmz' began to cmse against teams which were much inferior to them.

. ' l s d . . ‘
Eligiigarlive 2250311; \lgsgftlfmzllsyac (i031 The hardwood activ1ty chart fOi the weekend shows
shot by Owens tied the game at state playing a powerful Plattsburg State five at Platts-

33-33- bur ‘ on Friday eve and viewing with an “up and down”
I" the overtimc‘ it “’85 PM“ Potsdam State squad on Saturday. The cage slate shows

'. . keen e e _ , . _
Ell  “iiciyi-wilée,dtlgymgabbed {in Friday 5 contest as one With an opponent of the States
early lead (their first lead all men’s class in talent and one wh1ch pelforms as Albany

camel and stared ahead should and could. Saturday’s fray will be against a lesser
Scoring mm“ 0‘ “‘e.t‘f“"if) Went? squad which works somewhat on the Ped’s fireman-like

' 'I ' .' ' i all i - H ' . H ‘H ~
X’PATL‘ST..§U£SIm3.  ﬁmkem schedule of play 01 “on one night and off the next.
—~ The Plattsburg team present-

In thc other two contests of the . ‘
evening. LOFBP topped the Ridge ly boasts a thirteen wm and

44—32. The first game of the night. R l‘ d P one loss histor for the res.
also a thriller. went into a suddcp-    ent campaignlxrhe Cardglals
death second overtime. with tie h . I
~ ‘ uad which is both
. 1.2: the ultimate Winner 58-56. J ' P d ave a sq ‘
‘APEC—E“ ' ' ' '~* '-~ - unlor e 5 big and fast, the regulars foi
. . . . the Redlegs averaging an
States JuniOi Ptds went down elongated Six feet three inch-

to their seventh straight defeat of _ I ‘ ‘ H
lhc season last weekend in Utica. es. The big gun fOI then at-

 

 

 

 . ' The loss. only by 6 points, 63 to 5’7, tack is Jim Sears, a Tangy
 |    was a licnrtbreaker for the McCor- one_handed push Shot artist.

After a semester of supremacy
in the Cannon-ball Leaguc.SLS fra-
ternity is now forced to share the
league honors wtih the Alpha Pi
Alpha frat. The Lower Madison
Avenuers took the match 3-1. with
high totals of 801 and 781. The
third point was added as APA's
2294 took the SL8 2260. APA‘s
high man for the afternoon was
Tom Hogue with a 172-467 combo.
Big Toni Shumanski and John
Zidik shared honors in the high
singles department with 1'19apicce.
Zidik Look high triple with a 485.

Siiylcs Bests Hilltop

Also in the Cannon—ball League.

the Saylcs team swamped Hilltop

4-0. although the Partridge Street
boys allowed a 259 handicap. Fred
Willi showed the best that Saylcs

could do with a 191-474.
In the Upstairs League. VanDcr-

zcc took PoLtcr Club 4-0 with Bob
Massey high with 210—514. Van

Following arc the complete individual scoring records:

 

 

mackmcn, as they came from u
Dem“ 513mm“ high “mus 0" 676' scventeen-point deficit early in the
666' 698' mid “ grand high "I 2040' ball game to knot the tally and go Since the last issue 01. the News
The KB Kmm mwsed me for- ”th “head by a few in the third the Statesman added two more vic-
mel' Ul’smii's lenders 3‘1- JﬂCk canto. The final stanza saw the Luries‘m' their smug by handing
WHSU“ “"15 me {aim-“'1’”; gun With Pionccrs‘ colts continue their at- New defmw to Pm“ Institute
185 high Single' cgumed With u [Mk LU end on me Win Side Of the anld New Palt‘z Teachers and then
iii...-“iii”....Ei‘igt“liif“it.  We“ ended We” stem or four WW? W“
and .656 for the Rousci's. The Iloockwood. Anderson Top Scorers illl llllliillJl'ES-SIVU 19.58 i0 Ultitcril Cit-3}:
Rouscrs‘ 1882 did not prove enough John Roockwood and Joe Andcr- 19.36: The. ‘HﬂtildIVldylllléll 1131 R3“,
to deprive the Krubs of their third son. the great frosh duo. who in \lously laltdpooxlyagagiis' lemum
point with 2003. stature compare to ‘jMutt and Piller gioup nut in 'iell4 . me
Inglis ’l‘ops Apaches with 176 Jeff", again took scoring 'lnurcls meeting began'to function 8.5 i'y
In the last of the scheduled Up- for thc Stutcsnien. John's Sixtecn- should. The Pia‘tt cageis, wdo were
stairs games, the Apaches look the point per game averagc'was con— onc of the most .iighly ‘toptev lfeams
College Heights boys 4-0, with Bob sidcrably enhanced by his twenty- this season, weicitlie victnis c on:
Inglis kegling 176 high plus, but point sprcc against the Utes. John of thc Pets most gloriousnuiniswo
sharing the honors with a high started the season slowly. garner- the present campaign. ‘18 e1;
triplc ~from Carmine Polito; 452 ing only seven markers in the first from Brooklyn trailed fai bellili‘lf
took it. contest. but hasn't been stopped our heroes fifty-onerpouit ‘18"-
Thc battle between APA and since. In the ABC-State encounter time tally which was iealuied by n
SLS for league championship John meshed a neat thirty-one mgr stanza in which John .Cenp“
should be one for the annals of points, par for any course. Joe, gamer-can blg seventeen markers. .
bowling history at Stal.c~—wntch for not being such a prolific scorcr'as The [Juan College fray which Was
it 7 John, makes up for it With a fine staged m cumulqu Wm] the hon-
~ brand of back couvt hustle imd oring of a scholastic coach in Cen-
drive. His combined set shooting tral New York and as a tribute to

State Wins Two. Loses 0m-

._.

Peds P05, 5-4 Record  Halfway Mark; and outside talents are usually a John Cemm from that section,
Ceniro, Smith Top in individual Scoring

boost 101' State SCOl‘illll- JOC 601— proved to be an all upstate evening
lcctcd fourteen points in the Uticei as the Utes played catchmswmgh-
1'5” can. taking an early lead winch

c .1
In ,{ mm mm win the Fed sec_ they maintained to the finale de-
l 't I .

 

 

 

 

! J _‘ -i' It - >.
Name Fds. Fls. ’l‘ls. Ave. [PTA [e'pM pet. y (mas H”. seriously handicapped m sprtt tcllrt not so gallint eiioils oi
(lentrn ..  .. . ................ .. 49 28 126 14.0 51 758 :ii')‘. mum. respects. One serious hurdle [in Po .5. ‘ , . ‘
5mm“ 5  ‘     41 39 '2' [3'4 57 39 (’8 in building a powerful J.V. record Newcomer Looks Good In lracticc
Limo“ """"""""""""""""""" “ 2“ 21 73 8" 43 2} 49 is the incxpcricnce of the roster Willi ihc Statesmeiis biggest
can """""" " ‘ 15 7] 7'9 32 l”  in playing together. With the team weekend on tap, the word is that
MCDO'mld " ‘2 66 7'3 39 22 “,6 members having played under dif— the local hoopsters are showing up
walk" """""""" “ 9  6" 15 9 , l'crcnt systems and having a vnri- well in practice sessions. as Coach
Gillespie H “3 4‘“ '8 H (’l ciy of different cxpcricncc. thc Hathaway puts them tlnough then
""351" """ " 3 2:3 3"  2 '00 task of combining a single team put-cs. An added boost was given.
"Zongmnc  1 ll _ l,‘ l  from parts of many teams during the squad With the appearance~ oi
"ﬂannelley '  I 7 " 3  3‘; the short pro-season drills can 21 Six iool two inch st‘ctiiici-seiiicslei
5”“ """""""""""""""""""" " ' 3 5 — is j; 59 readily be realized. Then. too. a il‘uiislci'lioopcr.Chris Bogagias,ioi—
“i’ookwood  I 3 5 ”‘ ‘l 5 7” luck of licighl is prcyulcnt in the nicrly oi CBA of Albany and Si.
zzKrug   2 0 ‘l _ '— ’_ Junior Pods. Thc most clongutcd Miclnicls .Acuderny oi veimonf,
Anderson -. . 3 0 4 '“ — _ " of thc McCormnckmcn arc Roock- Bilgilgllls. it is said. has displaycd
“Stark .......... .. .  v-   I l i' 75 — “I j: . \iood. Pcncock. Patton and 'l‘uggnri. much cngc savvy and talent.
Team Totals . ,. .. . . . . .. . 230 li'il’) 161i ($8.3 27f) loo o ,
FdsﬂFirld gouls
Flsu Foul shots
’I‘ls ~'l‘otul points
A\'c.-—Avcrngc points per game  -
F’l‘A- Frcc throws attempted
l"’l‘M~-Frcc iln'mvs made
Pct. rPci'ct‘iitugc (foul shooting! 
*No longcr with lcum ‘ I ‘ ‘ V1 ‘
' ()PiiNle. SPHIAL
STUDIO 1 l i i
Gerald Drug Co.
"Portrait At Its Finest" ‘ _
217 Western Ave. Albany. N. Y.  __   

Phone 6-8“.

“

NYLON HOSE

 

WW

TERIA

107 CENTRAL AVENUE
84 STATE STRIET

1“ STATE STREET

HOLLYWOOD COMES
EAST TO TAKE
YOUR PORTRAIT

lit-g. L35 Valui- — .99 pair

(.‘uurumcml Firs! ()quin

‘ ‘ L29 l‘ill'll

S'I‘A'I‘IC COLLEGE IIICSK I’Alih‘
OPEN 9:00 to 5:80 DAILY
Evenings by appointment

811 MADISON AVENUE

.95 ouch

U'I‘III‘IR DESK I’AIDS

\'.-\RII‘I'I‘\' ()I" (‘OLURS

PERRY, l’sl'I'Ti and l’l‘fl’l’i' arc ,H’I'f’.

TELIPHONI 4-001’4

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

int—W “ -

 

