   

 

 

 

.st

 

 

i
i
l
.
l
i
i
s
i
l
.

 

 

   

     

 

 

- several'State people, as well as the

amp“ r I

0;... Car 7110 #1414"

Wasn't State Fair wonderful this tory and Art. It features works of
year? All of the shows were good. State art teachers . . . Try to at-
and much entertainment was avail- tend the high school debate tour-
able for'all. Hillel’s Rikudum de- nament to be held here at State.
serves special note for the graceful You could be a help and are sure
dancing and beautiful music it of- to learn something yourself . . .
feted. Much Work and the dESlre Next Thursday evening, March 24,
for perfection led to their complete the Academy Awards Wm be pre-
“3119‘?”an 0‘ the ProlECt- Phl sented in Hollywood. For the past
99113915 09911198 Show made use 0‘ a four weeks. I have been listing the
clever wrlptond 8°04 Performances nominations of the Motion Picture
1’0. PTO'Vlde. 1.1“ 9303mm? Show- Academy of Arts and Sciences for
0.5K“?! 53.100" W“ sparked by the these coveted awards. This week,
Pauli?“ 3.11th Pl ‘3“ “ham and I am giving the final nominations,
.911? .Rathskeller 01‘ 32- and Chi 513 as well as a listing of the previous
"linime' gene-0f “ “ﬁght/ml Pan‘ ones. Elsewhere in this week's
lomlme by two 01' their memberﬁ- NEWS you win find a blank on
'A'u “1 3“: everyone deserves a hand which your selections may be made.
for the 10,113 done- It lust 5110‘“ If you will fill these out and turn
that, good. entertainment can be them m to me by Tuesday. we Wm
,l‘l’hleved lo a Short “me if the de‘ be able to have. our State choices
‘3‘“ ‘3 the". published next Friday morning at
Tonight and tomorrow will be the same time as the true awards
your last chance to see Dr. Pettit's are announced. Here are this week’s
production of The Late George AP- nominees: Best actress. Audrey for
lay at theFirst Presbyterian Church. Roman Holiday; best actor. Mont-
The show, starts at‘8:30, and tickets gcmery Clift for From Here to
are one dollar. Telling the story Eternity: supporting actress, Thel-
of severe Boston society in the early ma thter for Pickup on South
twentieth century. theth includes Street; supporting actor, Robert
Strauss for Stalag 17; best director,
William Wyler for Roman Holiday.

 

 

 

sponsoring group. the Willett Play-

ers. The total list of nominations is
Tovarich has been cast and pro- the f0110W1ngl Best actress. Debo-
duction will soon roll . . . If you rah K9". AVE Gardner. Andrey

Hepburn. Leslie Caron, and Maggie
McNamara; best actor, Burt Lan-
caster. William Holden. Marlon
Brando, Richard Burton. and Monty
Clift; supporting actress. Grace
Kelly, Donna Reed, Geraldine Page,
Thelma Ritter. and Marjorie Ram-
beau; supporting actor, Eddie A1-
bert. Frank Cinatra, Jack Palance.
Brandon De Wilde. and Robert
Strauss: best director, Fred Zinne-
mann (Eternity), Charles Walters
(Lilli. William Wyler (R. Holiday).
George Stevens (Shane), and Billy
Wilder (Stalag).

I know my choice. what’s yours?

missed Grande Illusion. be sure to
see the other presentations of the
Foreign Film Group. They're well
worth it . . . D&A’s workshop will
meet again this Saturday in Page
Hall with a lighting demonstration

. . The Dublin Players are com-
ing . . . Take advantage of D&A’s
Art Exhibit at the Institute of His-

 

DOrms Release
Formal Themes

: Pierce and Brubacher Halls are
planning their formals for April 16.
College House is planning a Faculty
Tea for April 4.

 

ACADEMY AWARDS
Choose one from the 5 nominees
in each division.

   
 

The themes for the formals have Blanks must be in by 4 pm
not yet been announced. but Com- Tuesday.
mittee Chairmen have been chosen Best Actress 
by Ann Vigilante '55 for Pierce Best Actor ......... ..

Supporting Actress
Supporting Actor .. ,, 
Director .............................................. ..

Hall and Mary Lavry '54 for Bru-
bacher Hall.

The Committee Chairmen for the
Pierce Formal are: Theme. Anna
Wong '55; Refreshments. Barbara
Balinski '56; Chaperones. Joan
Bathrick ‘54; Band, Beatrice Engle-
hart; Queen, Vivian Schiro: Pro-

ams, Annlck Loehr: Sophomores;
Frighglgzmitagrgtgghﬁggrgorsl'he The Rice String Quartet, with
'meacher Formal are, Pro rams Dr. Charles F. Stokes. Professor of
Susan Garrett. Arm“ anemsg VII" Music, playing the viola. will ap-
‘mm Doyle S'ophomoies. Ch'a ‘ pear on the evening of Friday.
nes Eng bums ,55.  uper' March 26, 1954. in Schenectady. The
,ghox'nasm P _ P'ubn ff” gns' concert will be held in the Atomic

9’ ‘agen' C_ y' a" Research Laboratory Auditorium of
t’gaggxtgﬁnsgg‘irrg?) fng’lgs' the General Electric Company.
‘reéhmems' Edna ‘gmmey' .55. e Pianist for the group will be Mrs.
9 Bot'lIi‘hformals will be held from gfrﬁg‘i‘esmderson smesi We 0f

-1. e Pierce Formal will be held ‘ '

m piercevs Ingle Room. and the The Whitney and Kcrmis Clubs
I1:1;ubacher formal in the Brubacher gflethecfﬁéfongpfnv 15319011501“?

“age, 1 a' . ey w e n

The Faculty Tea at College House charge of the reception to follow
April 4 will be under the general we performance-

dlrecthm of Barbara Baker »57_ Dr. Stokes has been a member
of the faculty since 1944. He studied

 

 

 

 

Professor Appears
In String Quartet

 

at the Cincinnati Conservatory and
the University of Cincinnati.

‘fisi‘rit‘raii‘co'LLkoa -‘u'.'we._. FRIDAY-[MARCH lo. tau

Student Christian
Gratis convenes
In City Tonight

Registration for the Student
C hristian Movement Conference
will take place from 4 to 8 pm. to-
night at the Hotel Wellington. an-
nounces Thomas Dixon. President of
Student Christian Association and
Jane Santer, Chairman of the Con-
ference, Juniors. This is the annual
State conference and will be the
first time in the history of the
Conference that it is being held in
Albany.

The first meeting will be at St.
Peter’s Episcopal Church at 8 pm.
The speaker will be Dr. William
Hamilton of the Colgate-Rochester
Divinity School. His topics will be
“Who Am I?" and “How I Am
Related."

There will be seven seminars held
Saturday morning centering around
the person and his relationship to
various aspects of society. such as
the campus, community, family,
work. freedom and church. Vari-
ous activities are scheduled for Sat-
urday afternoon after the luncheon
at Trinity Methodist Church.

Following the banquet, which will
commence at 6 pm. folk and square
dancing for the delegates will be
called by Jack Hughes '56.

The conference will conclude Sun-
day morning at the Trinity Meth-
odist Church. All interested stu-
dents are urged to attend. They
should contact either Miss Santer
or Dixon for tickets which can be
purchased for two dollars.

 Announces

New Placements

Elmer Matthews of Teacher
Placement Bureau has announced
ten more Seniors who have now
been placed for teaching positions.

They will assume their teaching
posts in September.
The students who have been

placed are: Ruth Richter, B.A. from
Bedford Hills, who will teach at
Freeport, Long Island; Barbara
Stemple, BS. from Geneva. who
will teach commerce at Webster
Central School; Mary Aim Frasca—
tore, B.A. from Geneva. who will
teach elementary French, Latin and
Spanish in Hills High School, Hunt-
ington. Long Island: Ann Capris,
B.A. from Pelham Manor. who will
teach English speech correction in
Draper High School; Martha Nev-
lezer. M.A. from Williamson, who
will teach mathematics in German-
town Central School; Joan Olcnyk,
MS. from Albany, who will teach
commerce in Bellmore Junior High
School: Leo Nicolai, MS. from
Waterviiet. who will teach at Indian
Lake Central School: Lois Thomp-
son, B.A. from Albany. who will
touch mathematics in Bellmore Jun-
ior High School; Carolyn Gazulus,
M.A. from Poughkccpsic, who will
teach social studies in Bellmore
Junior High School; and John Dil-
lon, MS. from Lowvillc, who will
teach commerce in Pine Plains Celi-
tral School.

 

THE
HAGUE
STUDIO

"MIR A1 "I HIM"

‘Qv

Familiarity with the

SNACK

breeds content.

BAR

 

HOLLYWOOD COMES
EAST TO TAKE
YOUR PORTRAIT

-‘

on. 0:“ to Izl DAILY
mull. H and!“
.11 m am!

 

       
 
 

m- O-.E'I  Stue Sam

 

 

 

 

ﬂ
ART KAPNEB

"YOUR STATE INSURANCE MAN"
ALL TYPES of INSURANCE

5-1471

 

College Journalists Conler

By CAROL ANN LUFT

Seven stalwart members of the Building we were shown the inside
State Colleges News staff put their functioning of New York’s leading
shoes on and headed for the Co- paper—its conference, broadcasting,
lumbia Scholastic Press Association news, composing, linotype, tele-
Conference in New York last week. type rooms, and executive offices
We participated in meetings and and presses It save our morales a
discussions on the Columbia Cam- lift to see an ace reporter use the
pus and a banquet at the Waldorf two-ﬁnger typing method.

Astoria. Friday morning we served as

At the opening meeting of the panelists at topic meetings. The
Teachers' College Division Thurs- Editorial panel discussion centered

 

 

 

 

Cordially,

Student President, welcomed some Debate pertaining to faculty advis-
Boutwell. Editor of Scholastic Teach- has Advisors" in the lap of Evelyn
writing style. stresslns‘ the “marks Evie, Bob Ashfield. Will Reitz,

and Feature Panels.
8W

writing. He emphasized his re-
Congratulations on adding aiioth- the creation of an interesting and
lJleaSUl‘E. that I l'ead of your latest criticized layout and headlines of
thank you for the fine coverage on type 0f Editorial called for. Much
of contribution to student life, as 101115.
Of Your Staff to the dE‘DflteS Oll Silt- provemcnt of next year‘s meeting
Hull. about 4:30 pm. The day's Klick of the Courier, East Strouds—
we would be pleased to have the Klick won by a small majority.
Elnora Carrino Grand Ballroom and the Starlight
for last week's column, The Sound “31'5le Jon” A- KI‘OUt. and the
our own and were not authorized KPI'OWlL’dR'e ﬁlld the F‘l‘ee Use There—
organizaiion and hiding behind

day, Ben Jonson, Executive Chair- about policy—Do we lead student
man, and Barbara Byles Frost, opinion or follow it. We lead itl
150 teacher delegates from schools ors (State has none) for college
throughout the country. publications put the problem “Even
We were addressed by William D. the President of the United States
er. Boutwell presented the influ- Ruben, Editor-in-Chief of the News.
ence upon the founding of and the Evie's reply. “But the President is
marks of the modern American a Republican," stopped the show.
of a mature mlnd" in Its proper Ron Lackey, Aileen Cochrane, Sally
functiOnlllg._ ' Gerig. and Carol Luft represent-
In toullns The New York “mes ed State on the Editorial, Sports,
Later in the morning Samuel
Tower, Foreign Desk Editor of the
Times, analyzed news reporting and
Dear Editor-inChief and Staff marks with printed pages from no-
Mcmbers of STATE COLLEGE tual Times stories and specifically
NEWS: designed examples. Tower aimed at
er Medalist rating to the long list well-constructed story.
of hOI‘iOI‘S that has been bestowed That. afternoon Jensen and sev-
0“ Olll' COllege 1331361“! It was. With eral advisors for college publications
honor ill laSt night’s Paper. individual papers. One of Evie‘s
And, while passing out compli- stands on "Compulsory Assembly"
lnelits to the staff, I should like to was cited as a good example of the
the coming state High School De- of the two-hour session was de-
bate Tournalnent, which spells to voted to topographical jargon per-
us in debate groups another kliid taming t0 SlJElelC 101111131 Dl‘Ob-
em'lohlns and satisfying perhaps Elections for the Student Presi-
us the Medalist honors.’ dent of the '54-'55 Conference wcrc
We should like to inVitc members held following a discussion for 1m-
urday. March 20. and also to the in the Assembly Suite of the Wal-
l'eception for all high school speuk- dorf Astoria. The election con-
el's which will follow at Brubacher vened Saturday morning. Lam-y
events are being "covered" by twu burg, pa__ who served on the Ex-
feature writers and their photogra- ecutive Board this year, and Evie
phers from local neWspapcrs and Ruben of the News were nominated.
   The largest banquet to be held
please! ' at the Waldorf was attended by
ovcr 4,000 CSPA delegates in the
H Roof. Joseph M. Murphy, Director
lo the Editor: of CSPA. introduced the Vice Pres-
We. the undersigned, responsible Idem ﬂlld Pl'OVOSE 0f COlumblEl Ulll-
and the [rm-L wish to make clear featured speaker. Rear Admiral E1-
to the studan body that the opin- 115 Me zaCllm‘la-‘i 0f the U- 5' NaVl’.
ions and attitudes expressed were Z‘Whﬂl‘l‘ds SPOKE on “Man’s Right to
by the D&A Affiliates. We realize 0‘-
now that. without so intending, we
were usui'ping‘ the name of an S  T h
anonymity, In this we did an p c 
injustice to the group and lo the   

hospitality of the News and its
editors.
We rcalizc too, that in our at- The New York State Speech As-

tcmpt lo (ll'llW attention to u siiu- SOClillloil will hold its twelfth an-
ution we chose an altogether wrong nun] meeting March 26 and 27 in
procedure ill airing our views in the the DcWilt Clinton Hotel, Albany.
prcss rather than taking thcm to All English majors and minors will
the individuals concerned or to the be cxcused Friday at 1:30 p.111. to
administration personally. Iii lipoi- intend the conference.
“#171118 to them: L" “w New”: and Topics for discussion at the meet-
“) “‘0 “Udem 139d)“ “'0 “91"? “’9 ing will be “The Future of Creative
  some Of the ma “nln'eh‘ Drumalics and Children's Theatre,"
- l - ‘ "Now Challenges in Iiltcrn‘ctution,“
"0'0"? M‘mliubumb "A Progress Report on Ehlucational
Preﬁldeml D&A Armllucs- 'I'vlcvlsloii,” “The Past, Present, and

John Laing 91 v. ' i ... ' -
John Jacob“ f itllic oi bpccch ill the Elementary

Schools " and "Improved Readill 1'
Louis Vlon H ' ' - v - r b

[0. x. . il,‘ . ,.‘. 1 l , ..
Arlene Yanks 'Llllllqut's iol Ic ichcis oi bpccch.
Doris Melmn The topic "Improved Reading

"Techniques for TCilChCl'h of Speech"
will prcscnt ii. demonstration of
methods for increasing rcuding.
speech and comprehension 111 high
school and older studclits and the
relation of reading; techniques to
1111' field of Speech.

This discussion will be conducted
by Professor Roy Newton, of The
Miliic School, assisted by Janice
Siiiilli lilid Cllu‘cncc Spain, grads,
ulid silldclits from the Seventh
Griidc of The Millie School. Pro—

Kathiecn Anderson
Townsend Rich. Adviser,
Dam Affiliates.

Joe’s Barber Shop

53 N. Lake Ave.
Near Washington Ave.
1 BARB!“

We Aim To Hanan

 

 

i‘cssor Agnes Futtcrcl' will pi‘csidc

 

         

Albany, N. Y.

 

ovcr Llic discussion.

Gerald Drug Co.

517 Western Ave. Alba-y. N. 1,
Phone 0—0010

 

Felicia’s
Beauty Salon
5341 No. Lake Ave.

(Near Washington Ave.)

“JIMMY"—Hair Stylist
Telephone 3-9749

 

 

 

,.
94.

 

by son ASIIFIELD

Varsity athletics have come a
long way in the past three or four
yeal's,at,S_tate._ Qur soccer team is
rapidly. reaching the peak of per-
fection and .our basketball team
has been a consistent winner.
if the; manpOWer

we could even have a varsity foot-
ball team. ' '

The’whole athletic picture seems
to be looking up, and because It is,

we as students have only the Ath- nominates
for a single term and the other for
only three a 2-year term. Each candidate must
varsity ath- then be approved by Student Asso-
iatlon.
hree members being on Athletic

Iciic, Association to thank.

The AA was set up
y ars ago. Before this,
ltics had been .
Sudent Association and as far
advancing
or through the years. it was im-
possible.

Intercollegiate athletics as a rule 08

are organized and operated as an
administration-run function. In
order for any school to receive re
cgnition or become a member
the NCAA. NAIA, and other
tionai associations. they have
under the guidance of the adminis-
tration. Just this

. Also ietic Association was set up at State
. Situation 1“ the College to advise the administra-
lorm‘of coaches, could be remedied tion on athletic policies and prac-
tices, and to supervise these poli-
cies following their approval by the
President of the College. Under the
present system. Student Council

1

governed by the c
as t
in recognition and pow- Association each year.
and 2 new members.
the year of experience i

fact alone is plaints,

 

our: COLLIOI Naws. rnloa'v. MARCH 102 $1934,

    Regulates
 Policies;
Advises Collins

Best Post ”

 

 

Three years ago. a 3-man Ath-

2 students each year.

This method results in

1 veteran

lly Chairman of the Association.
During the first year of existence.

AA concerned itself with formulat-
c- ing policies which would put ath-
of letics on a stable basis. Since then,
na- its main activities have been post-
to be ing a tentative budget, holding ope
hearings for everyone with com-

and after hearing the

enough to warrant the switch of complaints. revising the budget and

athletics from SA to AA control. It presenting it to Dr. Collins.

who

is quite probable that Albany State sets the athletic tax.

will become a member of these
organizations this fall.

Many students might have won- 0f the AA,
tiered why we never played RPI, appoints 3
Board.
. mat SChEd' this Association is that each incin-
651011 001111118 Yes“ was her elected cannot have won a val- colleges through New York and the

Union, and other area teams be-
fore, the reason was
ulin'g, for

Coach Hathaway, as Director of

Athletics. is a non-voting member

In addition. Dr. Collins
faculty members to the
An interesting feature of

had up While SA losued the bua‘ sity letter during that year.

get lines back and forth. When the
budgetWas finally approved, it was
too late to 'schedule games with
these teams. The same thing ap-
plies to the scheduling as a whole
and this happened each year. Uli-
der the AA guidance, the budget is
sc’t so that scheduling can be spac-
cd throughout the year.

For, the ﬁrst time
of athletics at State, varsity sports
have a chance to go :omcwlicre.
They will no longer be ll "wildcat"
group with no ultimate ;0'dl.

Last year the AA upped the t
by one dollar, but so did SA. The
AA can boast of
inelits on the basis of
dollar: basic supplies for the pi
crs (towels. socks, T-shirts,
and laundry service,
Public Relations Board,
pitality Board for visiting teams.
and the granting of varsity sweat-
 to the letter winners this year.
This is pretty fair liccoinplisluiicnt
iii the ﬁrst real independent year.
On the basis of these accomplish—
ments. we can see the AA paving
the way to a brighter future for
athletics here at State—that is if
no one tries to impair its func-
tioning.

 

 

Lileliaving Classes

' l a  1' lull .
m “L 1 O y it has been the policy of MAA to

have the participating teams supply cases this job is handled by the
me referees' “ policy wmw has team manager or trainer, since the
proven inadequate.
ax many men who would be only too
glad to officiatc these sports, it is
thcsc acliicve- thought by
the extra. 11011 would
hy— motion of such a Board.
etc) sheets are now posted on the MAA
the Athletic Bulletin Board in Lower Draper for
the Hos- softball officiating, and all inter-
ested men should sign up.

MAA To Introduce
Officiating System

MAA is planning to set up all Of-

l'al Sports program. In the past

Since there are

MAA that this condi-
bc remedied by the for-
Sign-lip

1M basketball. dirccicd by Ben

Button. will soon come to an end,
and in its place a volleyball league,
under the direction of Jim Fox, will
be started. Volleyball sign-up sheets
are now posted.

Since there seems to be an ill-
Lcrcst in badminton play, a tourna-
mcnt will be organized soon after
the Easter vacation.

Will Resume;

Beta Zeta Leacls WAA Bowling—l

Classes in senior lifesaving will
continue at tho Jewish Community
Center as soon as the pool, which
has bccn closed for l'cpu'il's, is re-
opcncd sometime this week, states
Judy Luws '56. Swimming Milli-
ugcr. Those taking the senior lilo-
suvilig course should watch the
WAA bulletin board for a dci‘iiiitc
announcement of tlic duic. Follow-
ing the senior lifesaving coursc, the
instructor‘s course will be offered.

(‘osg‘rii‘i‘ Lends I57.

At Rice‘s. bowling colilinllcd us
BZ took both games from Clii Sig—
mu ’I‘lictu. Lcudiiig BZ was Adu
Cosgl'li'l', who i'ollcd 111i and 1117
for ll 30:”) double, giving licr llic
high scores 1111' [111' day. .lullc
F‘rcuiicy lcd Clil Sig with 127, 111g
2311.

Newman B dropped two games to

LOCATED AT

 

Phi Dollii as Mary Smith and qun
Hiiilclibcck had 165. 104—269 and
155, 112-467 respectively. Marion
Koch hiid 123, 122—245 for New-
illilll B.

Kl). ’l‘hurlow Split 'I‘Wo I

KD split with Tlllll'lOW Hall, with
’1‘liul'low taking the third point for
Lot-.11 pinnage. Dorothy Prcsmont
turned in KD's high single of 153,
while Ruth Richicr had a 249
doublc. Mary Lou Fink lcd Thur-
low with u 249 double.

Psi Gum took 2 from Pierce as
Jean Plilcwski bowled 155. 121——
276. Gamma Kup toppled Bru-
bliclicr B as Bernadette O'chlc
liud u 168, TIP-295. AEPhi lost 2
to the HDImps us Bill‘bﬂl‘il Dunn
llll(l 104, 121-»225 for the Imps, and
Eleanor Bogiiii 11 104- 12l~~225 l'or
AEPhi.

CAFETERIA

167 CENTRAL AVENUE
84 STATE STREET

134 STATE STREET

By RAY WOLFE

The Athletic Public Relations

Board, a new setup on the State
The man with campus this year. is making a good
3 automati- start on the job which it was or-
ganized to handle.
Wolfe '54, the Board was set up
last fall to publicize Varsity sports,
as well as to encourage high school
athletes to enter Albany State.

Headed by Ray

The main task of the sports pub-

n licity department is to carry on
correspondence

with newspapers.
high schools and other colleges.
Scores. pictures of players. and team
and individual records are sent out
for pre-game publicity. Immedi-
ately after a game is over. both
Albany newspapers are given a com-
plete box score and rundown of the
game. Then the results are writ-
ten into a press release, copies of
which are sent to every daily news-
paper in the state, as well as to all

New England States.

Whenever possible, the Sports
Publicity Board sends a reporter
with the team to cover away
games. His duties are to write up
the game for both Albany papers
and for the press release which goes

“Ciam‘g Board .wmd.‘ woum Opal" out as soon as the team returns to
ate in conjunction With the Intra- Albany. He is also expected mpl.o_

mote public relations in the town
where the team is playing. In many

APRB cannot afford to send a rep-
rescntative on the long road trips.
This policy has resulted in some
very inefficient coverage during the
soccer and basketball seasons, and

consequently impaired the effi-
ciency of the Public Relations
Board.

Wrestler’s Sixth Win
Ends Successful Year

The Wrestling Club ciimuxed an-
other successful season by swamp-
ing the grapplers of Paul Smith
College last Saturday, 34 to 0. In
picking up their sixth win against
only 2 losses, the Club showed ex-
cellent form.

Tcli men scored points in one

or more matches during the season.

Weight Points
llochmuth 123 23
’l‘ischer 130 14
Wolfe 137 17
Wiley 137 15
Billings 137 6
Ncgus I47 21
Goldberg 167 25
Crandall 177 8
Button “wt. 13
Chcrwinski “wt. 2

Last Wednesday at the Intramur-
ill Wrestling Tournament, iii the
137-pound class, Bill Rock decision-
cd John Cliippari. while Bernie
Baker pinned Nick Casscvoy in the
158-pound class, and Dick Oliphant
and Mel-t McElwain, 148-pounders,
wrestled to a draw.

A two-way deadlock for first place
in the Downstairs Bowling League
came about between the Rousers
and the KraBs Tuesday as the
Rousers bowed to the Apaches. 3 to
1, and the KraBs knocked off Col-
lege Heights by the same score.
The Apaches meanwhile sneaked in
a game behind the leaders.

Match honors of the Apaches-
Rouser battle went to Sapko with a

Athletic Board Rousers, KroBs
Publicizes State's ln lM Deadlock
Sports Activities

426 triple.

The KraBs. taking every advan-
tage of the Rouser loss, came up
with three big wins over College
Heights. The big man for the frat
keglers
rolled a 488, 30-frame tally.
the Downstairs League’s
top bowler, came up with a 467.

Borden,

In the Cannonball League. SLS
staved off an APA bid for league
leadership by winning the last of
three games in their match with
the APA men and by gaining total

was Arnie

APA. SLS S

pinnage from them.

John Zidik.
the Cannonball League, led the loop
leaders with a 552 triple.
who later in the evening bowled a
triple
ABC. had individual games of 176,
Carmen Corsi backed up
John with 154. 181. 187—522.

APA, who won the first game by
31 pins and the second by 6, was
led by their 1-2 punch, Sinkledam

561

191. 185.

second

in State’s

position in hoop annals.

or Record 7
Cm" 'Gorosr'sﬂ? ’-
Scoring Honors  _

With the recent finale of one of '_
State's best cage canipaigns in re;
cent years. it seems only fitting that".
an attempt at awarde duegloy
and at compiling the season's sta
tistics should be made. The scope ‘ _ ‘
close marked the end of a lawfn'
and 7 loss history which, although ,1
falling short of the postwar 15 and
5 mark, tied the tally of 13 up .and
7 down in 1948-49 for a runner-up

oolpsters "Sweep  Drop 
o i ' "

 
 

Centra, Rewrites Scoring Wool-d . '

John Centre's 338 point season

at State.

who
Dave

Smith.

season.
plit

total.

to none in
Zidik.
conquest of
dividual score.

34 point top total.

mark posted last season;
point total from the foul line gar--
nered by Sig Smith also took atop -
position in State lodgers to better -'
the 89 point count by Walker last

Lose Four Letter-men
Leaving the State roster this June

scoring total established a new high -
eclipsing Walker‘s . 289-
A 94

In team scoring too. the Hatha- ‘
waymen this year excelled. The 108
to 9'1 Utica-Albany game score fig-3g
ured as both an Albany team scoring
record and as a combined game
The team's season total of
1,538 points figured as a top total
for State cage activities thus far.
The game total of 36 points from
the penal stripe set a new record.

In the near record vein. Centra
this season came within three points
of State's ail-time single game in---
Centra’s 31 against
Plattsburg fell short of Walt Firsh's

and Duran. Sink had 186. 193. are John Allasio, John Centra, Bob
131—510, while Joe had 189. 155, Gillespie and Bill Walker. Allasio
172—496. has spent four seasons with the Feds

PW ﬂats

and during that time has main-

tained a key position.

Centra, Cap-
tain, high scorer and record setter
this year, will undoubtedly be great-

 

 

Almost Too Good
To Be True . . .

12” LONG
PLAYING RECORDS

Only $1.08 apiece

Tchaikovsky Symphony No. 5
Franck Symphony in D Minor

Rachmaninoff Second Piano
Concerto

Dvorak “New World" Symphony
. and many other:

BLUE NOTE SHOP

156 Central Ave.
(Across from Norman 5 Jr 10)
Open 6 Nighia 'HI 0

 

 

Albany Opponent ly missed next season as he holds
53 R“ 74 a iiot-to-be~forgotten spot in State '
72 w‘ulmanuc STC 0' hoop history. Gillespie, although"

0°““- 71 playing only two State cage seasons.
59 New P3"! 3T0 a has well managed to earn for him-
“ New "We" STC 0' self a place among State hoop lu-
C°“"' 3‘ minaries. Bill Walker's graduation,
63 wunmnuc STC of too, will put his name among State
_ Conn' ‘5 hoop "greats." Fom' superb seasons,
7“ "3'1"" college 69 two of them pacing State varsity
89 Pm“ msmm“ 8“ scoring, have earned him the dis-
cs New Paltz S'l‘C 62 auction.
72 Uiica College 85 , ,
71 “Plattsburg STC '13 Player Games ["0 FT Tls. F'l%
72 Potsdam STC 65 Contra 20 132 74 338 62%
86 Oneonta STC 71 Smith 20 81 94 256 71% t
104 *New Haven STC of Walker 20 '16 47 199 59%
Conn. 9'1 McDonald 20 64 (ii 189 60%
92 OWCEO STC 800 Lam 20 56 66 178 64%
108 Utloa College 94 Carr 20 63 47 173 51%
83 Oswego STC 75 Gillespie 20 34 38 104 61%
62 Harpur College 57 Allasio 13 19 5 43 71%
84 Union College 77 Sage 11 3 7 13 50%
78 Piattsburg STC 86 Rookwood 7 3 5 11 71%
75 Oneonta STC 77 Anderson 3 2 0 4 00%
—"‘ — Others - 12 6 30 -
1583 Totals 1477 - --' —- —" —
“overtime Totals 20 545 448 1538 62%

 

 

 

 

 

 

