 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

. u.“

Fenner -Students
Gain Reputation:

Two former students of state
have distinguishedthemselves in the
entertainment world recently. Vin-
cent J..Donehue, who graduated in
1938, was ’the director of the Broad-
way play,-: “The, Trip. To Bountiful,
starring Miss Lillian‘Gish'. The play
received; good reviews, with .special
honors to the director. It closed a
few weeks ago.  . , _

While; attending State, Mr. Done-
hue was an active member. of Ad-
vanced, Dramaties and played in a

production of “Berkeley Square," .
presented by AD that year. Besides.

directing a Broadway p1ay,,he,has
directed many plays on “Robert
Montgomery Presents," a television
program, and has acted in Orson
Welles’ production of “Julius Cae-
gar."

Miss Florence Friedman cf the
Class of 1930, has been writing the
script for the radio soap opera
“Young Widder Brown,” for many
years. She also plays the lead in the
drama, a young mother torn be-
tween devotion~to -her children and
love for her fiance.

Santa's Baby

- By RON LACKEY

With the stroke of the magic
hour, 12 a.rn., a week ago last eve,
the '54 Baby made its initial ap-
pearance in its new collegiate-type
diaper—Bermuda dipes, and the ’01
Christmas sock, on State's campus,
only to find it deserted, cold and
blanketed by a “minnie” blizzard.

A week later, Baby was inno-
cently caught in a rush of book-
laden spectacled peds to their dor-
mitory domiciles, eager to turn over
a ,In‘ew leaf, and make their genius
known to the world via Lape’s List
of Luminated Literates.

From the wide-flung windows the
Baby witnessed the frantic display
of the holiday haul—mew hip socks,
white bucks (green ones, tool), and
burmuda shorts that “Santa Baby"
had brungl

And the brisk wind carried to the
Baby‘s ears the following New Year
Resolutions:

From first floor Bru, Ruben's
(Editor's note: That’s me) booming
voice cried forth, “I’ll not follow in
the footsteps of my predecessor——
twins are one thing that’s beyond
me!"

From first floor Pierce. Luft's ef-
fervescent words came gushing out,
"I will Build Better Boxes (Editor‘s
note: That’s what we call our little
tidbits of bold-face "humour" ap-
pearing on page one.)

And from across the dorm field.
down from the massive men's dorm,
Baby hears Lackey resolving: “If
the girls can wear athletic shorts in
the P.O., so can 1.”

Again from Sayles, Reitz’s words
are heard: "Less make-up, and more
make-out in the P0.”

Meanwhile back at Rand's Ranch.
we hear Cochran‘s gasp, “I resolve
never again to go to Hudson, despite
the appealing llnotypists and deli-
cious delicacies."

Finally from Bru, resounds End-
rcny's firm resolution: “More por-
ing and less playing."

 

THE
HAGUE

s!AT_I__C?tsi,IOI-ﬂl'ﬂw9., FRIDAY. JANUARY 3. 19:4

 

lo... a..-

By FRITZ CBUMB

Seldom is a school like State priv- as the doomed prince of Troy.
ileged to, see. a production like the
Trojan Women, and granted that,
to see one well done. As we heard
one person say_after the final cur-
tain, “Pettit’s done it again.” And
frankly, that echoes our sentiments.
Working with a group of people who,
with few exceptions, have done little
acting before, Dr, Pettit gave State
a. well _ balanced, smooth flowing
presentation of a far from modern

\ play. I .‘ ,

themselves.

In the play itself, Marilyn Di-
nardo gave an excellent example of
well paced, even characterization.
As Hecuba, her low pitched grief
gave a fine background and con-
tinue for the rest of the play. As
her (laughter, Andromoche, Ellie
Goldman pulled out all the stops,
sparing neither the audience nor
herself. Her picture of the ultimate
in grief was a wonderful climax for
And as her son, al-
though he had no lines, John Rich
was pitifully real and compelling

the first act.

And" it1 Was this ancientness of
the play that confused a lot of
people, raised in the Ibsen school.
The lack of physical movement and
plot movement left a good many
of the audience cold for the first
part of the play, but as the action
progressed, on but the most die-
hard in the house began to enjoy

 

Mia, 00» 11.. em

Since the last issue the Exchange
has poured in at an alarming rate,
so we feel that we simply must
POre over it and repress the de—
sire to write a substitute column
entitled “As Will Reitz It." So

 

here goes:

From the lloi’stra Chronicle we
gather this tripc—-llalitosis of the
(Halitosis is better than
no breath at all, you know.) A
Fjord is a Swedish automobile. Iran
is the bible of the Mohammedans,
Nicotine was the man who dis-
Scotiand Yard
means a measure of two feet and
A concubine is when
several businesses combine. And

Intellect.

covered cigarettes.
ten inches.

something else—

"We have been sitting around this
office. man and boy, for four years,

and we finally decided that educa-
tion is a process of deadening one
end in order to liven up another."
This, of course, may be taken two
ways. according to how you sit.

From the Skldmore News~—"If
there is one word which sums up
the feeling of most people today,
it is confused.” So what if they
are selling baked LuSugnc at $.75?

A headline in the Swurthmore
l’hoenlx: Student Damage Reaches
Peak As Furniture. Windows Suf-
fer. .

Now if my wmdows were that
sensitive, maybe they'd open and
closc automatically. And I could
got back at that bulge in the chair.

Auothcr oncSWln, Schmin: in
Ping-Pong 'I‘ournuinent. . .

We should have a headline like
this . . '2 But we remember our
own “Heads Will Roll on Thurs-
day," so maybe we should say no
more. And we won't.

 

STUDIO

"Portrait At It! P‘inut”
s s
HOLLYWOOD COMES
EAST TO TAKE
YOUR PORTRAIT
‘ ‘

OPIN 0:00 to 0:30 DAILY
Innings by appointment
on MADISON AVENUI

TIL-PHONI 4-001?

 

Almost Too Good
To Be True . . .

12” LONG
PLAYING RECORDS
Only $1.98 apiece
Tchaikovsky Symphony No. 5
Franck Symphony in D Minor

Rachmaninoff Second Piano
Concerto

Dvorak “New World" Symphony
. and many others

BLUE NOTE SHOP

156 Central Ave.
(Across from Neisner's 5 Jr 10)
Open 0 Nights 'til 0

 

Council Hears
I
Hanson 5 Plan,
At the other daughter, Linda Primer MOHO”
Niles gave an interesting picture of

insanity. We felt that there might IvontlnoiedfromPagel.

‘71:. 241213

pleading. Her Helen rang true.

all that he isn't Just a song-and-

hard and unyielding, then troubled
and unsure, was a powerful job of
acting. He left no doubt as to his

judgment.

man he was playing.

to doubt the rightness of his task, by Primer.
was compelling and carried over
the footlights very well.

miracle to us. Not only was the Show." The motion was
diction clear and audible, but the unammOUSly-
individual members looked and act-

credit for making what could have “mi Morton Hess .57 presidw'
been a dry, uninteresting part of

summary of which appears on page

To R0“ Patty and the crew for four. Patricia Dean ‘54 suggested

“10 setting“. to the teChmml Staff: that before the committee did any

to the 1350919 Who did COStUmeS and more work that they decide wheth-
iJl‘Oi)S. to all of the [3801318 Who or to have a one-house or a two-
worked backstage, thanks for a

Column!)
have been a little more force in Primer, made a ﬁnancial motion for
some of her speeches, but for the Mm” He asked for $250 from sur-
most part, she was quietly excellent. plus to cover the costs of extra ma-
In Sonnie Schecter’s Helen, we tures to be included in the book
had an interesting study of an evil this year, such as glossy pages, ex-
woman trying every trick of the tra color and cuts, a square cover,
trade in order to save her life. a back ﬂap, and a two-toned front
Sonnie did a good job, alternately cover. The book will also increase
sery and suppliant, accusing and the number of pages from 64 to 80
this year. There was a great deali of
. . . discussion in Council concern ng
Ross Haw moved once and ml the necessity of all these extra fea-
. tures. Robert Betscha ’56 made a

dance man' ms Menelaus’ by tums motion to delete the money for the
extra 16 pages in the book and Miss
Payne amended the motion to also
suffering and the finality of his ggletife tggogogithoghghgggggmgm
and the motion were passed. This
Tom Smith, as Talthibious, the 15 not ﬁnal. however, It is only a,
messenger of the Greeks, knew the recommendation to SA from Stu-
H18 Picture dent Council. The Association must
of a man trained in war, who begins still approve the motion as stated

Charles Beckwith '55 moved that
the soccer movie be shown in the
The Chorus was a small sized assembly tOday if it is able to be
passed

After the Council adjourned, the
ed the“. parts as wm._tom women. Good Government Committee, head-

While the director had a large hand ed by William V‘eg‘le '56, met in the
in this, the girls deserve a lot of Government room. He was absent

Faith Hansen '54 read her plan
me may come alive. for representative government, a

Hawley Library
Acquires Many
New Volumes

Alice Hastings, Assistant Librari-
an, has released a list of recent
additions to the Hawley Library.
Following are a few of these:

Adams, "Man and Metaphysics”;
Berdiaev, “The Beginning and the
End"; Krikorian, “Naturalism and
the Human Spirit”; Kramer, “Ross
and the New Yorker”; Moore, “In-
vertebrate Fossils”; Alsberg, “The
American Guide"; Nahm, “Esthetic
Experience and Its Presuppositions”;
New York Museum of Modern Art,
“Mies Van der Lohe”; Marroger,
“The Secret Formulas and Tech-
niques of the Masters”; Goodrich,
“John Sloan.”

Lewis, “Pacific Odyssey”; Kier-
nan, “The Story of the Olympic
Games, 776 B. C. to 1952 A. D.”;
Spiller, “Grouse Feathers”; Clark,
Interpretation of the Printed Page;
Revised Edition"; R 05 e n b e r g e r,
“American Sampler": Steinbeck,
“The Pastures of Heaven"; Tum-
bull, “The Bishop’s Mantle"; West-
brook, “It Boils Down to Murder”;
Scherer. “A History of German Lit-
erature"; Piggott, "A Picture Book
of Ancient British Art"; Beard, “Our
Foreign-Born Citizens, What They
Have Done for America.”

 

house government The committee
took a straw vote that decided- in
favor of a one-house plan. The
main abjection to Faith's plan was
that it put too heavy a burden on
too few people and also that its
representation was not acceptable
to all members of the committee.

 

splendid job. Without your work,
there would have been little the
actors could have done.

To Dr. Pettit, our thanks for giv-
iirg the school one of the finest
productive we have ever seen.

Good GovernmentL Commiiiee

 

What's up for next year? A condensation of the major
Casting: Don Voemngel- is look. changes included in the plan pre-
ing for men who are interested in rented to the Good Govcmmcnt
trying out for men's pal-ts in a Committee by Faith Hanson ‘54 is
mystery play. The notice goes up Dl'GSEIlLEdbelml/i ‘
next Monday, so come one. Come all. Leg'lSIRllV91113%\"EI'-S 01 8:11“:th [ASE
. , . , socration Wl e given 0 ‘ u(en
Aggl‘ssgllyds 1E3) ghlésetelxllmmhgl‘}: Council. Rules of procedure for all
Worked with us, our sincere thanks. business meetmgs. Shun b? muse
To an of You who did!” agree outlined in Roberts Rules of .Order.
with what we said we leave you Student councu' wmcn .Wm be
to the tender graces of our suc- elemed .“t thelegulal.‘ Swing elec'
ceSSOI._ To a” thanks and so long trons of SA wril consist of the fol-
' ' lowmg members, each of whom shall
have one vote except the secretary
of SA, who shall have no vote.
Council will be comprised of: the

Commission To Give
' ' ' vice-president of SA, the secretary
Tramcc Exam'nat'on of SA, the presidents of the four

New examinations have recently classes and representatives from the
been announced by the United 10”" CIE‘SM’S- . ,
States Civil service Commission The incornlng sophomore, junior
washing-pm D c_ ' and senior classes shall elect one

The uttcmlon m students of en representative per fifty members or

ginccririg and the physical sciences u major fmcuon Lhcreor' In the
~ ‘ ‘ ‘ . “ case of the senior class such seniors
is called to the Student Aid Trainee

. . . us hold the offices of Chairman of
oxumlnuilon for filling positions in Student Board 01- Fimmw Chm“
:“mm‘ls “W‘lwshmimlms m the Pi" man of Election Commission and
can? EWUDNW“ Clmnl’THmd 1“ Grand Marshal of Campus Com-

."5 "3"” (mf. ‘  m“ V mum" mission shall be automatically mcm-
irlrluhu Mmurnm' wmcn [my {mm bcrs of thc Strident Council as
“"100 m 33’17‘) u yew" are (or Cm" regular representatives: and the to-
“mlmclll(“"1118“1° Whom vacuum in) elected representation from the
wimds' mm dul'mg the "gums for senior class shall be reduced by
unli’.“i“i"§“f  student’s m CO‘ three. The freshman class shrill
“pflu'w' wul‘se‘s' cleoi one representative for each
In qualify, uppiiounfs must pass {my mmnbem 0,. mm”. Homo”
” “,l'll'lcll.test “nd have completed thereof at the freshman elections
‘fl’m'ses “1 “Ludy 1“ “n "ppmprmt’e in the full. The official member-
‘lflldiwmfu details cunccrllmg the ships of the classes for the purpose
“(“AHH‘LM‘S‘ L? be met 3”“ 5’1an of electing representatives shall be
m “nounu‘mtnt M)“ 4'34‘1 (53" the class list brought up to (lute by
which may be obtained from the U“, 1.0mm.” the (my preceding L1“.
school Placement Office. 0100mm ‘

The duties of Student Council
shrill be:

’ u A. To ciruct ull lcgisluilon cxoepi.
 s  as provided licrciniiftcr.

Rice Bldg. B, To irppoinl. all student rcp-
v . r-scntnlivcs to all studcut-faculty
l‘mc Dry Cleaning ‘

committees involving such events
'l‘el. (12-1152 208 Quail St.

 

as State Fair, All State Day, ctc.
C. To provide for publication of

 

 

 

Start the New Year right.

Resolve lo cat at the

SNACK BAR

 

the Student Directory.

D. To charter all boards, corn-
mitlees and associations receiving
support from the Association.

1. To require changes 111 the
constitutions of organizations.

2. To approve or veto these
changes.

E. To approve or veto all regu-
lations of Campus Commission, Stu-
dent Union Board and Election
Commission which shall be enforced
in accordance with rules as herein-
after provided.

F. To direct interclass rivalry
through a Rivalry Committee, the
nucleus of which shall be the four
class presidents.

G, To direct the following social
events:

1. Frosh reception
2.. Activities Day
3. State Fair, etc.

ll. To meet once a week and
cxpcl any representative who has
three absences unexcused by the
presiding officer.

I. To appoint u parliamcnturiim.

.1. To nominate candidates to
Election Commission by the Asso-
ciation at the times designated.

K. To approve the yearly budget,
which shall be submitted to it by
tho Siudcnl Board of Finance.
Chungcs in the existing budget of
amounts up to $500 may be made
by SBF. Chungcs involving more
than $500 must be upprovcd by the
Strident Council. Ncw financial
resolutions involving less than $500
may be cuuctcd by SBF: resolutions
involving more than $500 must be
cnuctcd by the Student Council.

1.. To rcquirc the SBF to ex-
iunlnc and rcport on the finances
of any organization receiving sup-
port froin the budch and to with—
hold funds from organizations vio-
lating any rule.

M. To organize the i'rcslmurn
cluss.

N. 'l‘o sci, u quorum of 3i. of its
members. Mcusurcs shrill irc cri—
ucicd on mujorily voic cxccpl. as
otherwise providcd undcr ltolrcrt's
ltulcs of ()rdcr.

 

Gerald Drug Co.

317 Western Ave. Albany, N. 1.
Phone 0-0010

 

 

State Faces Harpur In

STATE COLLIGI NEWS". FRIDAY. JANUARY O. 1.54

Page;

Final Home Game Of Month

Team Switch In Practice Session;
Prospects Boosted During Week

The State College Hoop Squad is this week in line for
two of the most rugged contests of their entire chart,
facing the Willimantic State “5” last night at Connecticut
and tussling with a powerful Harpur College aggrega~
tion on the Page Hall hardwood tomorrow evening. The
Hathawaymen have battled a vacation layoff handicap in
their practice sessions this week and are in fine shape.

Although the Peds’ record is unimpressive, they are
without a doubt a dazzling ball club capable of winning
nearly every clash. LaRoe, Centra and Walker are con—
sistently high calibre ball players.
Gillespie and Smith have made brilliant hoop displays on

- - . ditioning of wrestlers. Carl Fall-
Wlth the tmenamed’ State has 3' vene, CBA football coach will speak

on the importance of wrestling in
Lou Carr, the Purple relation to football, while Whitey
and Gold’s BIG man, has made tremendous strides in Cole. former wrestling coach of
improving his form. Lou now is a tremendous boost to
the State cagers and he is expected to be a consistent and
tremendous asset to the Statesmen.

numerous occasions.

splendid reserve crew and with the exception of Senior
Allasio, a group of future stars.

 

State Host To
Wrestling Clinic

Albany State is in charge.

The statesmen are now undergoing a re-shuffling due tion of Various skills.

to injuries and other handicaps.

lineup will be: Krug, Donnelly,
Zongronc and McDonald due to
employment, scholastics and injur—
ies. Gillespie, who has been recent-
ly exhibiting his abundant talent.
will be working in a keyhole po-
siiion.

Willimantic, previously topped by
State in a thriller, has a fine grade
quintet capable of giving the States-
men lots of troubles.

Harpur Bolstered By Transfers

Tomorrow's Harpur clash looms
as more of a problem for the local
cagcrs. The Colonials have this
season gained the efforts of three
strapping transfers from Champlain
and a Utico College bu-cketeer and
are known as potential winners.
The rebounding elongated Colonial
transfers add to the Harpur side
of the ledger. Harpur twice suc-
cumbed to State last year but are
regarded us havoc for any opponent.

Stutr's miniatures too are look-
ing increasingly better. Their rec-
ord is nearly if not entirely bul-
unced by their not having played
together before, luck of height and
shortage of experience. With Coach
John McCorrnack‘s charges looking
bcttcr in ouch practice. they can be
counted upon to stage some good
efforts before the campaign‘s end.

l’cils Away For Five

Five contests will be played by
the Pcds prior to the publication
of the frost issue of the Nch. This
section of the chart will be dis-
tributed after three weeks and two
weekend trips and a. single clash,
all games being played on the road.
'lluri'o has bccn u revision iii “10
sclrcduic, tlrc Uticu College iussic
taking place in Little FilllS, N. Y.,
instead of Uticu.

in line with tlic information rc-
coivcd of tho improvcmcnis ill the
State squad and growing prospects
for State‘s shore of win luurcls, a
prop,nosticutlon of victory stories
in the News is likcly.

The schedule prior to the next
News issuc is as follows:

Jan. 15 Pratt inst.
Jun. 16 New l’irltz
Jan. 30 lltica (‘ollegc
Feb. 5 l’lattsburg I’lattsburg
Feb. 6 Potsdam Potsdam

A commentary on (his slated lroop
ugciidir shows cxtrcmcly powerful
oppoiiciiis lll Uilcu College, Pluils-
burg Siuic and New Full]. State
whilc little is known about Fruit
and Potsdam.

W.

Corner Ontario & Benson
Dial 4-1125
FLORIST &
GREENHOUSE
College Florists for Years
Special Attention

Brooklyn
New l'alt'l.
Little Falls

 

for _
Sororities and Fraternities

 

 

Missing from the new Wrestling Program Scheduled

The morning program will con-

 

Top Bowlers
In Each League “W

Coaches and wrestlers interested

' th' ' i l -
Immmuml in is program are cordial y invlt

kegling these past ed to attend.

two sessions has proven interesting

to

for

in

Tom

total
came out last.

Zidik "as High Single and Triple

SLS‘s other win was abetted by
John Zidik's high roll of 212 with
a triple of 507. Sayles Hall took 4 I“
poian
Bl'l‘i‘L‘
the Partridge Street tenpinners by
181-516
prove strong enough for APA, who
look a 3—1 lead from them last year
with a two garlic-high total split.
APA rolled 744 and 786 totals and a
grand score of 2323. Suylcs‘ big gun
was an 810 high.

ii

In

The

the leading
leagues. SLS pooled a total of 2338
the "Cannonball" league with

Sliumanski
and fervently praying for the year's
high game of 243 pins coupled with
a 559 triple, leading his team to a
01'

icaguc—leading Rowsers came
out on the short side of a 3—1 score

the participaters and pleasing   Delta Takc
I
Opening Hoop Games

WA basketball leagues got un-
derway this week when Beta Zeta
downed the Pierce A team, 13 to 10,
in a fast-played game. The Atleds
8 points since the News forfeitec’: to College House, making
College House the winner by 2-0.
In the third game, Phi Delta down-
ed KD, 22-7, in a game which was
much closer than the score would
indicate. Leading the Phi Delt quin-
tet wus Mary Smith with 10 points.
pie-Christmas
opening of the leagues found the
Brubncher A team forfeiting to Phi
. , Delta and Thur-low Hall forfeiting
mm” to Pierce. The Bru B team and Chi
B and
AEPhi. respectively. BZ beat KD in
both games and Gamma Kap down-
ed Psi Gain. Gamma Kap boasted
the highest totals in both games.
Anne Wong of Psi Gain was high
the “Umulimu league, three for the day with 164. As the bowl-
,, , , .  . , , mg season progresses, managers are
'meued Munch “He played UH' reminded that two forfeits auto—
matically disqualify the team from

clubs in both

knocking down

, 1 \rl' r, the
by shutting out Hilltop. Jmmé’

Wise proved high man for
combo. Sayles
Sig split with Newman

to College Heights. Bill Small was [he leaking
hiin game with 154, but Duvc Bol- "lteifing" (‘oursc Offered

don

434

Rowscrs only bid for points was a
high game of 643.

(‘lub Bowlers Bow 3-1

'1 lie

for

took high triple honors with

"KruBs" out-criibbed u Poi.-
Club icum 3-1 with a 30-pin
:i gumc handicap with Bob Reigle
inking
uiid 439. Potter's oiily scorc cumo

infornuitlon and a sign-up sheet

will be posted on the bulletin board.

13c. watching for further details
as io time and place—Sheila Lister
'57 is planning to teach fencing to
interested State women. The claSses

-. ' r
“mm” "1 109 will begin shortly after exams

mdividuul

The ﬁrst annual wrestling clinic
will be held at Albany State College
for Teachers on Saturday, January
9. Wrestling coach, Joe Garcia of

The speakers will be Bob Olcott,
Albany Academy wrestling coach,
who will speak on organizing the
high school wrestling program, its
problems and results. Forbes Brown
_ of the Schenectady YMCA, former
McDonald, Allasro, Eastern Intercollegiate Heavyweight
wrestling champ will speak on con-

Ithaca College, will speak on the
subject of ofﬁciating and techniques
of wrestling. In addition all speak-
ers will participate in a demonstra-

sist of registration at Brubacher
Hall, lectures by the various spetk-

ers, and practical application of
SLSI  wrestling skills. The afternoon ses-
sion will consist of movies, demon-
strations and as a ﬁnal exhibition,
wrestling bouts by members of the
Albany State Teachers' wrestling

Women interested in taking a
1-01. “1,. Huigth[()“rnors_ The course in rci‘creeing to obtain their
rating can attend classes each Wed-
nesday night at St. Agnes. More

 

 

 

PMI I ':
I
Teams Siill In Second Best In

With the intramural basketball -
league well into its fifth amok of JAOIl'EIIAI-lﬂdkﬂs wnncd
play several teams are st 1111- _
beaten and are already bidding for "um..." out
the league titles .Among those who Others Are All-suit
are showing signs of desiring to be
untoppled from the ranks of the With the soccer season over and
unbeaten are EEP. APA. Booters the uniforms packed away in moth-
anghfoﬁggg‘s‘igks from Potter Club balls for another season, it becomes
added two more victories to the" of greatest interest to learn of the
record prior to the Christmas re- many awards won by the Albany
0855- Owen's 13 Pomts mead “‘19 State Teachers’ soccer squad.
frat men as they handed the In-
dians a 50 to 25 lacing. In their The team itself was ranked see—
other game the Potter men defeat- best, m the state, second. only to the
f“ the Vets “‘29- Hughes “0°?” Black Knights on the Hudson—the
n 11 for the losers. who have yet
to Wm a, game_ Cadets of West Point. The season
“1A dds Two Victories won-lost record for the local boot-

APA likewise gained two more ers was 8-2.
victories prior to the holidays. In
the ﬁrst, it was spa—49, Sayles— To those who know anything 01
26. ApA's Fox and. Saylesv Fred the State soccer team, the names of
Willi were leading scorers in the several hooters are very familiar.
game with 13 and 10, respectively.

The going proved a little rougher J Limb"; Named Au‘Amu-lc‘m

in the second game as LOFB was Outstandm am n these is the
handed a 40-31‘ loss. Strauber led name of mg 1,10ng Swede from
the “at me“ Wm 14 and Ed 113' Homer, New Yorku. A transfer from
Rochelle found the range for 10 for Champlain College. John Lindberg’
the losel's- . game after game, came up with

The Ve'vS. plovmg ‘0 be anything unbelievable performances. His per-
bUt vets 0“ the court: were de' formances became better with each
{Gifted    ﬁle   gme. The season's end found 
lelence in the scorlng was the play sharing honors with another out-
ofiThompson, who hooped in 20 standing homer.
po nts.

The cagers from VanDerzee, yet For his performances, John was
to see a victory. went down in de- named the most valuable player of
feat to the Apaches, 51-32. Game Coach Joe Garcia‘s squad. His
scoring honors went to the Apache's awards did not stop with this how—
Kane, with 16 and the loser's Rob- ever, for John has recently been
ins with 12. made All-American. With this he
Rocklein High for Soccomen also gained a spot on the All-State

All Rockiein led the Soccomen to squad.
hand Summit their second defeat ,
by beating them, 50-40. Al had 11 Of course 1”“ “5 Jolmnyno Brien
for the Soccomen but had to con- Of. Sports fame 00111th "80 unless
cede game scoring honors to Slum brother Eddie was there, so it was
mit’s Schaztle who hit for 12. With Jon“ Lindberg-

The Rousers found themselves on .
the. short end of a 28-21 score in waglﬁlgiﬁi gallhﬂotlﬁereéﬁﬁstiﬁgf
their battle with the Indians. Me- mg booter Most‘ likely um prevent
Cagg's 1.1 We“! the Indians Four‘ family quarrels" John let his older
been pomts by Hughes paced the brother share seasonal scoring hon-
Y‘my, “3 SL5 “'Punced H‘U‘OP by the 01's with him. So it is that Bill, for
33916 Of 48'32; It was the third his equally fine performance, gained
straight loss for the freshmen hoop- a Starting. spot on the Amsmte
sters from Hilltop who have yet to soccer squad
enter the win column. '

Cl'llr'lheglgsﬁ sgme in ﬁyéerairpeeks Hughes Makes All-State
z e r on a as e ouse, .
paced by Kronick’s 14, foser out The third Albany homer t" gum
the Rousers, 34 to 33, in a thrill- a Smrtmg Spot on the AH'State
packed tilt. Berieth's 10 represent- Squad was, JaCk Hughes 0f Amsmr'
ed the best em,” or the Rouser dam. Jacks frame hardly ever came
cage” in the scoring column. This was
Boaters Led by Bill Lindberg only because JaFk's b‘g‘ 5"" was to
In the Booters-F‘inks contest, the Stop the opposmon' In this he was
combined efforts of Joe Stella and ouwt‘mdmg' For this continual im‘
Bill Lindberg were sufﬁcient to provmg defenswe work' Jack's
overtake the Krchnlak led Flnks. name was added to the An'smte
The score was 56—30. The twosome roswr'

scored 31 points between them with Two Received Honorable Mention

Bill getting 17.

In Monday's closing game, Kane Two others to gain honorable
again proved to be the big man as mention for the All-State team
the Apaches scalped- Summit. 51 to were Al Lederman, who hails from
37. His 23 points were more than Albany and freshman Al “Rocky”
enough to take scoring honors for Rockleln whose home is Mostic
the night. Tom O‘Loughllri and Ed Beach. Both of these men did much
Bonahue stole the show for the to bring Albany’s seasonal status
losers with 13 and 12, respectively. up to it high position.

 

 

on u high game of 0'52. —-- “

VunDcrzcc, curryng a 16-point J y b 
handicap split llli‘ Apaches, 3-1, in OC 8  er 0P
ihc "Upstairs" bruckct with How- 53 N_ m. An”

:u'd Ahdcr‘s high of 1111. Paul Po-
lito‘s 404 triplc look mulch honors.

'l'lic Apache's 000 game was not

Near Washington Ave.
2 BAR!!!”
We Aim To Plan.

inough to upsct the boys from State

Sircct's 2153 high loiul, however.

 

 

 

WW

CAFETERIA

LOCATED AT

167 CENTRAL AVENUE
84 STATE STREET

 

134 STATE STREET

CO-OP

The Holiday Season is over, . . . but

We are still taking orders for Monogramming.

"Personalized" matches, napkins, and

stationery are always a welcome gilt.

lniormais for gifts or personal use.

 

 

 

 

