  

 

 

   
 

 

STAT: COLLIGI les. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER is. 1954

 

 

First Place CSPA

VOL. XXXIX
Members of tiie NEWS staff may be

Swierzowski. 2-3744; Moore, 2-3326.

The undergraduate newspaper of tiie New York State College for Teachers: pub-
lished every Friday of the College year by the NEWS Board for the Student Associa-
t on.

RONALD LACKEY - - . . .
EVELYN RUBEN - - . . ..
WILLARD IlEl’l‘Z - - . . .

JOANNE MOORE - - . - .
ESTHER GOLDSTEIN - - . -

FRANCES MONAIIAN - - . .

ARNOLD NEWMAN - - . . .
DOROTHY RASMUSSEN - . .
JOHN KNAPP - - . - . .

All communications should be addressed to the editor and must be signed. Names
will be withheld on request. The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility for
opinions expressed in its columns or communications. as such expressions do not

necessarily reflect its views.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

IOTA-LIIHID MAY III.
IV PHI CLAII 0' I01.

First Place ACP
November 19, 1954

reached Tuesday and Wednesday from
7 to ll pm. at 2-3328. Ext. 11. Phones: Lackey. 3<0277; Ruben. 62-0570; Reltz. 2-9711:

Circulation-Exchange
ss-Advertlslng Editor

Junlor Sports Member
Staff Photographer

 

W1

 

RED TAPE!

The Student Council -sponsored Jazz Concert last
Thursday cost Student Association fifty-four dollars, dis-
regarding a seventy-five dollar refund from the agent rep-
resenting the Jazz Band. Although the sum appears minor
in View of the amount of money now in surplus, it is by no

means to be overlooked.

Can the blame for this deficit be placed on one indi-
vidual or organization or upon the support of the student

body? We say neither.

Student Council discussed the possibility of bringing
a Jazz Band to State in a regular meeting in the middle of
October. One week later a Jazz Band agent spoke with a
representative of State. That evening the problem of spon-
sorship was taken before two groups. Student Council ac—
cepted the responsibility and moved in Assembly that
Friday, to take funds from surplus to meet the stipulations
of the contract. A condition stated in the original motion
that the profits be put toward the financing of a name
band for Winterlude was invalidated by a Myskania rui—
ing, claiming violation of the SA Constitution. A new mo-
tion had to be made and the Constitution waived in order
that discussion could be heard and a vote taken in Assem-

bly that Friday.

SA voiced its support of the concert by accepting the
idea. Tickets went on sale the following Monday, four days
before the concert. The press manual distributed by the
Jazz Band agent suggested that “advance publicity be re-
leased one month previous to the concert.”

'We are in favor of following the modern trend and
bringing new features to our campus. But we want better
planning. In the future let us see provisions made in ad-
vance for such innovations, and not witness a good idea
hastily sandwiched in a crowded agenda, then run through

endless channels of red tape!

P0

of the rules.

We agree wholeheartedly with the view expressed by
the parliamentarian in last week‘s Assembly. The funds in
surplus should be used wisely and constructively. not be
spent when other channels for securing financial aid are

at hand.

To those members of Student Association who are pick-
ing up more than one copy of the News: please refrain
from continuing this practice! We print just enough copies
so that cach student can have a copy. When you pick up
more than one. you are taking a copy that belongs to some-
one clse. i‘or cach member of SA is iaxcd for thc sub~

scription.

The prc—clcction rally held in thc Gainc Room in Bru-
bachci' for i'rosh candidates for class oi‘i'icc Wednesday ch~
ning: very successful, a precedent wc want to scc Elcction
Commission continue. A very positivc mcans to aid thc
new mcrnbcrs of SA in choosing their lcadcrs Wiscly.

In the light of the accident on the library stairs in
Hawley recently, we feel there should bc some mcasurcs
taken to prevent a repetition of a could—bc tragcdy. licathcr—
soled shoes do not cling well to steel stairs.

Student Council: The problem of thc cutting of as—
scniblics, and enforcing compulsory asscmblics has bccn
passed back to you by Myskania. You soIVc thc problem;
don't give it to a committcc or anyonc clsc.
bureaucracy can be (.lctrimcntal to ci’i'icicncy, and in thc
end good government. Wc suggest you usc a systcm simi—
lar to that adoptcd for Campus C(illlllliSSliill. chn to ilic
maximum of taking away thc individual right to vote.

TPOURRI

We are carrying on the opposite page a list 01' the re-
vised Campus Commission rules. with the new penalty
system. A confidence vote will be sought in Assembly to-
day on the latter. We feel the penalties are designed to
give appropriate and effective punishment for infractions

440m ‘71“ gdttoa’d
Madden

Congratulations! the State Col-
lege News is “growing up."

As a past member of the State
College News Board in '52 and ’53, I
have a sincere interest in your col-
lege paper. In fact. one of the high-
lights of mail call for me each week
is the day when I receive a copy of
the State College News.

The issue of Friday. October 29,
was, at ﬁrst, a surprise. but a very
pleasant one. It certainly was true
in the past that the editors feared
to “break” from conservative tra-
ditionalism; thus their efforts re-
sulted in an outstanding. but read-
abiy spiritless, newspaper. There is
no reason why the "News" cannot
maintain its high standards of jour-
nalism and still be up-to-date.

Of course. as a parent may be
too zealous to help his child ma-
ture .the leaders of the News sheet
may be too enthusiastic to effect a
variation in their “baby.” For ex-
ample, a ﬂoating banner head is
excellent, when the story is most
noteworthy, and only then.

However. experience is the best
teacher. The staff is experimenting:
a little more research will undoubt-
edly result in a highly polished out-
put eventually.

Again I wish to extend my best
wishes to the News board and staff
who dared to defy tradition and set
a precedent. Inter-class rivalry has
been altered; the college paper has
shown progress. Perhaps this is the
beginning of a Renaissance at New
York State College for Teachers at
Albany.

Yours truly.
A/‘Zc llank Koszewski '53

PS. I hope this letter makes the
Wednesday night deadline!

Open Letter to the Editor:

We. the members of Eta Chapter
of Alpha Epsilon Phi, announce that
we are assuming an inactive status
on this New York State College for
Teachers campus at Albany.

We are in the process of forming
ii local sorority on this campus. This
new group will rush and function
under a new name which will he
made known as soon as possibli.

Wc visii to inform the st‘ideitii
of State College that this new group
will begin rushing on N0\’(‘..lli)t‘l‘ ill.
19:74.

Marilyn Wcrbalowsky '55
Alpha Epsilon Phi Sorority

Editor’s Note:

The News is planning a poll of
student. opinion concerning the
make-up. news coveragc. columns.
readability. and general features of
the newspaper. to bc taken ilic week
following vacation.

The Editor.

 

 

 

Gammon - Slot. 4

By WITTSCHEN & LO TRUGLIO

 

 

 

(‘IIEERFUL NOTE . . .

Isn‘t it nice that Thanksgiving vacation i> almost hcrc. mmnini. ti
rest. . . . Congratulations to Signum Liiiidis. don't we all wish.

ANOTHER DEBATE lSSl'E‘.’

Were some of those who asked questions in the chncsdiiy night

fi'osh rally unwise in their choicc of issues Ii.c.. compulsory :lSSPllllJllCM.

or was Election Commission, in ruling them unfair. over protective oi
the frosh candidates when they squelchcd sevcral questions? This spon-
taneous period could be one the bcsi. chances for the votcrs to pick ilic
sincere from the phony.

APPEARANCES . . .

Not oiily do people complain about the appearance of thc. Drupcr

lounge during the day. but what ii mess it is for the cxicnsioii student.~~
to see during the breaks of the night classes.

A LET DOWN?

In regard to some of the stands that the i'rosh spoke at their rally
Wednesday night. we wish to make a coriniciii. We hope that thosr
elected won‘t have too much of ii let do n when they ﬁnd out that
Student Council members don't always seem to represent the llllCl‘i‘Sl:
of the class. but just their own narrow intcrcsts. to. the Siiiic Collcgc
Theater issue

MEMOS . . .

We would like to hear your comments and the issues on which you'd
like us to write our opinions. but please see us in person about thcm
Rcmcmbcr girls, mum‘s thc word after 8:00 pcn.. Sunday night.

WISDOM NEEDED . . .

Now that (andidiites are permitted to spcnd ll liiiiiicd :imouni oi
money for publicity, will the trend be it good oiic. and ii help for ihosc
running and voting. or will issues be less clear among piiinicd i'llillii‘l'r.
sticks of gum and cigarettes?

DISCRETION PLEASE . . .

In the midst of iill ilic discussions of tradition. ii iiiighi bc nicc to
see Myskimiii kccp Hiilli‘. too. like not sitting on ilic stagc during lti~
vnlry cycnis and iioi niiikiiig obvious who was judging ilic sing and whcii.

Ql'ES'l‘lON ()l" THE WEEK?
Muybc ihcrc'll lic spcciiil boats ihis _\'i‘iii".’

 

 

ﬁne Mwld 0 hit!“ Iiv .l()ll.\' l..\l.\'(;
F4

Tuesday cvcning ihc third sci oi

liciidiiigs from :ii'i‘illi‘tl io ll.l\l' liccii lli‘i‘:i‘llti‘(l mi-rcli .is :i (llilllllllll'

Litcriiiurc \viis pi'cscnicd by tho (‘liiss in Oral lnicr- lil‘SI'Iilaitiiin. This in ii iiiisiiilzc whcii rciidnii' povii'i.
, . . i i - i . . . . ‘ '
prciiiiion uiidcr ilic dircciioii oi Miss Fuiicrci- '.\lill Wm“ 5" ""“W “‘ “Ill-“l ll-IH' u criiiibuiiiiion oi li‘o

lu‘lciiiior (ioldniiiii iiiiroduiii.g ihc spciikcrs

'l‘lic iir:~i pi'c:--ciii;iiioii '.\.i- ii -clcc

pociic sound with .1 di‘iiiiidiic iiproiich: ihci. i'HllllIil
lic divorccd. lhc (lc.-cripii\c lliiShilili'.‘ wcrc iioi pic-
[1,,“ 1mm “rm” sciiicd us rciil; lliirliiirii iliilii'i .~cciii io -cc \\li.ii slit

l-prcciiitions \\llli Doris .\lih;iii i'cudiiig ilic words iii‘N'i'Iiicil 'l'lic ('ll:ll';li‘ii*l‘l/.:iiilill oi .\1.o'\ \\.i.s oiici

oi (.‘llltl'll'h liickciis in ii charming

lioiiic gziic ll clc.irl_\ ili'lllliil rcpri-sciiiiiiioii ol iwo 'l'lic ciiiirc rciiiliiig

l‘ll‘ill'iii'll'l'.“ llci' cxi.r .\l\'i' iiicc iiiid
_\oniliiu| iiuiocciici- oi i’i]) cspcciiilly
.::i\‘c uii ovcioll li])]li‘.|lllll‘. iiiiiiliiy

iici‘ioi‘iiiziiicc

chi. liiilpli ."\illllll\ i:;i\c ii .-.cii.~iii\c l’i'.iilllli‘_ oi .iiiil lil'iili'.\.\iiili;il it”. “I H“.

.I.oiics W Johnson's 'I‘lu- l'rodlgiil
\ocil llllli‘i'illlll- ililil lsi' oi illl' :io

oi oi'.iioi'y hclpcd i'll'iili' .l wondcriul rhyihiii llll(l disploi oi iiilciii

poi-iic cifccl. A \:ii'i:tiicc of lawful i

liiivc iiihlcil lo ilic cll'i-clii‘ciic...» oi ilic l'i'lliliili', which .i \\Ill‘i(
suilcrcd slightly iroiii liii' .solc. :»iilt'lllll giirc of thc

~pciikci‘

'l'hc l’cri'cct (inc. .i pio c .‘ii‘li'lili
iloii-ciii:iii. was ilic lli'.\l runiuui. ;
lliighcs. 'l‘llls. pi'c.sciii.iiioii was wcl
icsii'iiiiii .iiiil ii iiioi'c i‘illl\i'|' iiiioiiiii
iiiipriocii ll llowc\ci. ii ~ll(i\\i'ii .ic.

[mum]. “(Hing vcry .sllii'i'l‘i' :iiiil liliillili,‘ :iiid .\llll\\'('(l ilciiuiic lil'iiilil'
illllll'lili‘ii us ilic poi-iii lil'iii'li‘ .w
voii-c iiiiidc ilic
(lvlmhmll “ml Arlciic Y;iiik:-. did ii \ioiiilci'lul _|iii) lll lli'l' iiuolii.
m m], lmh‘hml oi ilic hilarious \lliil’l «.ioi'y. .\lr. Kiipliin. thi- (oin-
piii'iitivc and tile Supcrliitivc by i, (Q Ross llcr lliiilll
criiniiccs, natural and wcll~iiiiicd ammo-cs. csccllciii
ipioicd word .lll pimokii
Son. ills \‘iii'ii'tl ilcci) l;illi.:l1lci' iii ilic ilcligliicil :iliiill‘ill‘i' l‘:\t‘|l llli
ck :.ci'inoii \iyli llllnil'l'shi'il was ‘wllliili'll iiilcd wiili humor lll iln: iilil
llcr .siiccc-s in this '~(‘li'(‘llilll :11in
-xpri:r~slon would .iii cxccllciii i‘.\:illl|ili‘ oi ilic iiiiporiiiiicc ol cliim 11"
~iuicd io illi‘ .ihilitics oi ilic icudci'

'llu' illliil l‘l‘.lillli;.: 11.1w .i liiiiliL', ilo:.c Io lhc ("it

llllit‘. Hilliillil Hclicchicr l'li'iiii‘il .i \i\idl\ li'-|l H-Ii'H

ill il.\ I..iwiciicc iliioiizzh ilic il.‘~i' oi lici ilcco. lll'll. \cl\i'i\ \oicc Ill ht'

own in (‘ui‘olc Haulioir oi iioii i'iiii.ik‘.--. 'I'iic liuiiiiiii \i‘ind. “'1

l—iioiic, biii ll'hh coiiiiilcic iii-\clopiiiciii oi i-liiiiucici', poi i‘il ".i‘ lllli

ioiic would li.i\c .iiiil i'\(i'lli'l|i luiiiii:; hiiili up in ilic pcricii llllili'
iis oi .lll llili‘l“ lli iliis lot‘\ so iillcd with lllllli.lll ciiioiioo

cling iiiiiirc ior ilic imidci‘ .iiid \ic \\lll look ioi'wiiiii

io licr iii-xi ciiilciivoi'

Following (.‘uiolc. ll.ii'liiii.i Aliiiiloc iiiici‘pl'cii‘ii lioli- liil‘ iiioi'c.
i'l’i li‘i'o:-.i':. The Death of thc ilircd Man. This i'ciut- who \\.i.\

llii'. l.icl-:cd ilic pociic sound ilic poi-iii

A iiiil'l) l.o’cc .oidicocc i‘ll]1l_\l'(l ihi. illil' i'lililli'
oi ciiiciiiiiiiiiiciii lli l)r.ipci .‘lriii, loii ilicic w.i icon
.illil cucli cnipiv stall icpic~.i-iiicd .‘villiii‘liiii
lilifshlliH iiiic iiiid woilhy pi-iioriiiiiiicc. .\l.ilo
:lioiilil llll\i‘1lli(l .I (lulc lo cc llic spcciiil (.‘lii'iuiiiiiis [iliii‘llilll'

 

News Views:.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. 'FRIDAY. NOVEMBERi'lB.’ '1954

Watkins Committee Recommends

C e n s u re Oi Senator Mc Carthy

By MALCOLM ROGER S

The storm brewing since last
fury upon the ﬂoor of the Senate.

summer has ﬁnally leashed its full

The question, of course, is the cen-

sure of Senator McCarthy. The select committee headed by Senator
Watkins recommended that McCarthy be censured for (ll his contempt
of :1 Senate elections subcommittee and (21 his abuse of General
ZWleel‘. Although the report was unanimous changes in both directions

 

 

Aime: Plan
Student Exhibit,-

Stage Readings;

Contrary to ii previous announce-
ment. Dramatics and Arts Affiliates
are not going to sponsor a bus or
sell tickets for the performance of
“The Caine Mutiny Court Martial"
at R.P.I. Field House Tuesday eve-
ning. states Barbara Maaloe '56.
Chairman of Affiliates. After inves-
tigating the seating arrangements. it
was decided that the seats which
are available in the price range the
students can afford are not good.
Anyone interested in attending the
performance may obtain tickets at
the Field House.

A Student Art Exhibit. to be held
in Brubzicher Upper Lounge beforc
Christmas. will be under the direc-
tion of Affiliates. All students arc
urged to submit work for the exhibit
to Linda Nilcs ‘56. The deadline
date and ii showing date will be
announced.

The next Evenings of Readings
from Literature will be held Decem-
ber 14. and will be primarily a
Chritmiis program.

Tryouts are :iskcd to watch ilic
Affiliates bulletin board in Rich-
ardson for all notices of work. Even
if people have not signed up for
tryouts. they are still welcome to
work illlCl join ilic tryouts organiza-
tion.

SBF Discharges
Cards For Faculty

Activity cards for houscmothcrs
and faculty members are available
in the office of Dr. J. T. Phinney.
Professor of Social Studies. on the
third floor of Draper. reports Suc
Barnhart ‘56. Secretary of Student
Board of Finance. The cards may be
obtained for $13 apiece. Cards for the
wives or husbands of faculty iiiciii—
bers are also $3. Tlicse cards entitle
the faculty to general admission to
all Music Council and Druinutics
and Aru; Council presentations.

Miss Biiriihiiri requests any stu-
dcni who has lost his siudcm tax
card or has iioi. received his card.
to contact licr through siudcnl iiiiiil.
Peoplc who failed to how their pic~
iurcs iiiln-n liisi wcck will ilil\'i’ in
pay for having ihcir own pictures
iiikcii uni! iilso pay for having ilicm
liiininiiiod. l’coplc who do iioi ll.l\i'

‘1 (Md “mt‘mlmi‘ " 1mm“ “‘H “m :iii- Iio\ 'i\llli llll’ iilltli‘i wii':ii:- iii- |l.ill|i' iili io ilic ili'\lLillilll'ii lill'lll\

hc :iiliiiiiicil iii any cvciii or \\lll
iioi hc :iblc io obiiiin llli‘ll‘ illl‘i‘i'-
loi‘ics iii' ﬁ'l‘lll'liililk.‘

Scholastic Honorary
initiates ’55 Members

liiiii.iiioii oi ilic ocw iiiciiibcrs oi
Si mini l.:iudi.. \‘.|.\' lll‘lil NiiH‘llliii‘l'
17 :ii lli‘iiliiiclici' llzill. l’nul l' \\'liccl«
cr, .-\S.\lﬁliilii l’i'oicssor of Social
.‘s‘iiiilics, spokc :ii ilic convocation.

’l‘hc ncw iiiciiilicrs who wcrc lllll-
i.iicil :ii'c Mrs A'liii'ioiic .-\.slilcy.
Mudclinc (‘hini. lii|\i(l Villi luck.
liobcri lx'ccl .loliii Mill'llnh'i‘y.
'l‘honi.i.~. i\lullcii. (it‘lli' Norris. Wil-
l.iril l.'cii/. .iiul l-‘r.iiiccs Sliiiii'. :Ecii»
lor- 'l‘licsc llllli' iii-u niciiilicis .irc
ilic si'ioiiil »l‘ ol llli' i‘lilhh oi '.i.i,
'l'lic liniil L? will I.c :llllliillili'i‘il oii
.\ili\lil‘.‘ lip luv.

ilic ocw pic lili'lli oi :s'i ’lillill l .lllil'
is l.‘\ :\iiii ‘l‘o‘icy 1).», who ll.i‘ illl‘
lll:’lli' i .i'.ci.i-c oi ilic iiiciiihcis oi
[lli' i‘i.'-l|li/.lllllll

Joe’s Barber Shop

53 N. Lake Ave.,
Near Washington Ave.
2 BARRIERS
We Aim To Please

 

 

have taken place. Senator Case has
announced that he will not support
the Zwicker phase of the conclu-
sions. Senator Erwin said McCarthy
ought to be expelled for his charge
that the committee was the "hand-
maiden" of the Communists. Natur-
ally the junior Senator from Wis-
consin contends that you have to
follow the Reds‘ rules in order to
beat them at their own game. We've
never heard of throwing dirt around
in order to clean the house.

The Supreme Court has now re-
ceived the briefs of parties inter-
ested in the segregation decisions.

 

Roam; Rm!»

By TED PEDERSON

The student Board of Finance,
comprised of seven students advised
by Dr. Josiah Phinney. control the
expenditure of Student Association’s
funds for its numerous activities.
At their meeting last Tuesday, the
Board discussed plans for having
future Student Identification Cards
processed and laminated by a stu-
dent committee rather than con-
tracted outside as heretofore. If
the plans an be effected it should
mean a considerable saving since
each card under current. arrange-
ments costs 750 to produce.

The Board agreed unanimously to
permit .1 transfer of a sufficient
amount of money within the Debate
Council‘s funds to cover an increase
in the cost of hotel accommoda-
tions for the debaters visiting Ver-
inont.

Further reports will be issued in
subsequent columns on the activi-
ties of the Student Government and
organizations receiving funds from
the Budget.

 

Retold eamptu GWW Ru!“

Following arc the Campus Coin-
mission regulations. with new addi-
tions and corrections. approved by
Student Council. Included at the
and is the new article from the
Commission Constitution pertaining
to warnings and penalties. also ap-
proved by Student Council.

.\. Mailbox chuluilons
'si- :1 iioii- iliiii is .|]l])l‘i).\ill|4lii‘l\ ‘J'
by i”

"J No books arc in bc pui in llli‘ hoxcx

‘Ii 'l‘lii- oiiisidc of ilic iioic niusi i'iili'
i.iiii 'lll' name and ilic diiic

«i Cilr(l\ ilnd posicrs may bc pm on
ilic oiiisidi- ol ilic boxes only wiili pcr»
mission of (‘C ’l‘licy iniisi lic oi collcgc
lcvcl.

R. Driipi-r Lounge Regulations

l Smoking is iillowcd.

‘lii Cigiirciic butts and ashes arc to
lic pm in the rcccpiuclcs provided

'1! No ciiiiiig iit iiiiy llllli".

'3 No ciirii playing iii any ilinc

‘4 This lounge is for quici siudy and
liilk.

"5i C(illlillllll‘l’ nit-clings. pliiv l'i‘ll(‘ill'-
siiis, or song rchciirsiils may he licld lli‘l‘l‘
only with ilic pcriiiissioii oi illl' Dean
of Women.

(‘. (‘iiininons Regulations:

‘i. only niilk. soft thinks. and candy
burs illil_\' lii- ciiicn lll ilic Commons

‘2. Coke boiili-s are in l)t' put buck
lll ciiscs.

‘1. Ash iriiys ill‘t‘ to ho used for rig—
iii'ciii-s and inuichcs
a Only cigiirciics iinil iniiiclics arc in
c piii lll :ish irays
i) .»\ll milk coiiiiiliicrs. pupcr~ :iiiil oihi-r
rubbish arc in be piii iiiio spcciflcd rc-
ccpiiiclcs

4 Dancing iii noon. and on i"l‘l(li|\\
from L! Iii) in :‘i p m

. .

oii»ciiiiipu.s organizations \viih lili‘ pcriiiis»
>10“ of ilic (lriiiid Miirsliiil

I-ii. ()iily iiuiliorim-d pcrsons may op-
criiic ilic Vic and pl.i\ rccoriis during
school iiiiic

' 'i‘ l’lii\Iiig c.ii'il\ iii'c iioi lo lic l'i‘v
moicil ii'oiii ilic (‘oiiiniolis

si/c iiir unit-tings.

. ll posit-rs must be approved be-
iorc ilicy only be put up. The Posicr Coni-
iiiiiicc or ilic (iriind Miirshnl are ilic
only oncs :illowcd to approve ilicse pos-
icrs. 'l'licv are to be put on the C. C.
(lcsk Ill ilic iiusivii-Richardson iunncl.

5 (2 C will put up and remove all
piisici's.

i No nccklng on Siiitc Collcgc campus

11 Smoking is rcsiricird to Drupcr
loungc. ciilcicriu, Commons. and Piigc
llilli \csiibulc only.

*2:i ’l‘hcrc is in be no smoking or
carrying of lighted cigiirctlcs. cigars. or
pipcr in iiny other part of [he school
buildings

‘.'l No books or rubbish are to be lcii
lvmg :irouiid ilic locker rooms.

‘ ’l‘hcrc shall be no eating iii any
piiri of ilic school buildings i'XN‘pl lll
ilic ciiicicrui and in tlic Commons us
.siiiicil iii i'iilc C-l

 Willful dcsiructlon of property is
prohibited.

‘6 No wciiring iippiircl is to be left in
Commons. liriipcr loungc. or iii the cafe-
ll'rill
ll. Bulletin Board Regulations:

All orguiimitions are responsible for
their own iinitcriiil placed on the boards.

2 if any organization wishes to clinngc
ii i)0lll‘(l, pi'riiilssion must be obinincd from
ilic (lriind Miirshiil.

ii ‘ C rcscrvcs ilic rigiii iii supcrs
visc the II" & IS. Rides and Miscclluncous
llullciin Board in Lower llrnpcr

Assembly Regulations:

| Scnlors lcuvc first followcd by ilic
Juniors and then ilic Sophomores.

1! 'l'lic frcsliincn lciivc lost by the iwo
siillrl‘llsi‘s

' Evcryonc is in rcmiiin lil his shit
uiiiil disnilssi-rl by ilic iniirsliiils.

i This (llsiiiissiil pi'occdurc will be cii-
forccd ill illl iiiiics cvcn if the class bcll
rings The fiiruliy is iiwiiri- of [his pro-

.i Vic iind rccorils may bc uscd by ccdurc

.3. l’lciisc ni)c_\ ilic iniirsliiils iii iill iimcs

ii Usually dlficrcnl procedures iii'c uscil
ior \oimg Siudciiis will bc iioiiiicd li‘ol-
low lili‘ iiiiii'sliiils dircctions

7 'l‘lic iisscmblv doors will bc closcil
.ii ill in sliurp

'il No smoking lll l‘iigi- ll.lll iii .iii\

ii l'lic (‘oiiinioiis iiiiiv Iic ilccwriiicil by time csccpi lll ilic \'i“»lll)llil‘

.iny Iil’uillil/Jilliill il lllllll'lH'ill oi' llli' (.‘om~

‘il No ciiiiiig in llll\' [llil'i oi i’.igc lliill

mons ('h.iiriniiii is scciircd iind (ll‘l'ill‘ll‘ iii any iimc

lion.» :irc for .i cnllcgc tuiiciioii or rcc-
ogni/cii‘ holidin
D. (‘;ii'clcrlii lii'guluiioiis:

ltcy:
Minor oi‘ii-iisc
‘ Miiliir oi'i'i-nsc

l Smoking is :illiiwcii .\riiclc \'l il’rum Ilii- ('. (‘. ('uiisiiiuiluni

‘J liciiisc is 1o lic ilisposcil of :ii :iic
i'i-i-i-piiiclcs priiviilcil
l' l.osi and Found Regulations:

Scciion i
\Vili'iilligs shall lic issui-il io iioliiioi~ oi
licuulaiions liv (‘ziiiipus (.‘iillllllH‘slllll iuciii-

1 Lost and found box 1\ lili'.ill'|l ill llt'l'\ .iiid iry»ouis ’i‘lii'sc \i'.ll'llllli.1.\ ‘uliiill

lowcr l)r.ipcr l)i|||ll\lil‘ ilic (‘ll‘ilp
1' l’illlllil .iriicli-s .iri io In pluccil in

on ilzi licci iiiiiilicil
i In l.l~i oi .I liini iilllili :iic |o~ci
“iliillil I.I ll‘. il.|li|l .iiiil .i ill"~i'|‘.1ll:illl i
oi iii: io' .Illll'li illi ilic ‘vlli'il -iipplicil l
l llii- li||\ will lii- opciicd (liiiii :ii
noon 11' to lifiiil- ll\ .i t' (‘ lilillll)i‘l i
. ‘l‘inl'
l’oslcr llcgulailoiis: i
\* inioi picici’ :ii.i\ ln- il I'll
l‘iilil lliil‘l iii oi ii'liillll Iii-l i

 

ili‘ .i.\ iiilliiws'
.i (‘nnipiis (‘iiiiiiiilsimii lill'llllli‘i‘\ .Ili‘ ii

Hit-loin 1! i'ciiiiliics

| l‘liici minor oiii'iincn or oiii- iiiiiior
)ill'll‘xi‘ coii»iiiuic~- iill' publiciiiion oi llli‘
illi'liili'l"~ |l.|lili' iii ilic :.i-liool pupci

L! luo iiillilii'uiliill‘x oi llli' pci-oii
l.|lllI lil illl' -cliool piipcr l'iiii‘~[.iliil‘\ l'i
iio\.il oi .i \i'li‘i'ii'il school .iiiiiiiv lioii.
lli‘li i.i\ l'.iill

: isiici piililiiuiioii- oi llii‘ pcrsoii~
..l'I.I .oi.-i:iiiic». Icici'iiiic ‘o iiic iic.ii.

..o liz-n. :.o no .\ ioii- .it'l p'cii .\ii:i 'i.i iico:iiiiiciid.iiioi: ioi ~ii [illiklvll

i l... is: ioi .iiiycriii :.i ili hall i

ii... ii.ool loi oiii- \\'ci-k

 

o RECORDS
O FILMS DEVELOPED

Blue Hole Shop

l56 ('cntrul Avenue
Open Iiivciiings till 9100

 

Rice Bldg.
li‘inc Dry (‘lcimiiig

’l‘cl. ti2-ll52 208 Quail St.

 

 

(‘ampus (‘asuals for the College (lo-ed

Sol'iics ~ Loui'crs - Lou
Sucdes - Leathers

s i: 5

“Around ilic t‘oriicr from State (‘ollcgc"

'I'III'IM . "

MICHELSON’S SHOES

230 ('E N 'I‘RA L A \'E.

ilccl Dress - Oxfords
- ('oiiiliinziiions

 

Student Council:

PAGI '8

Freshmen Elect Leaders.

in Today's SA Assembly

At the weekly meeting of Student Council Wednesday night, Charles
Beckwith presiding, the assembly agenda was read. two ﬁnancial mo-
tions were passed. the candidates for the ICA Conference were chosen
and the problem of penalties for over-cutting assemblies was discussed.

The assembly agenda for today includes discussion on Campus Com-
mission regulations. a State College Theatre announcement. introduc-
tion of the Campus Queen candidates. two ﬁnancial motions. announce-
ments from the chair and freshman elections.

The assembly will be let out for upperclassmen at 10:30 a.m. for the
purpose of allowing the freshmen to vote for their ofﬁcers.

Robert Betschn '56. representative
from Student Board of Finance.
reported that Student Board of
Finance. reported that the net loss
for the Jazz Concert was $54.70.
Frank McEvoy ‘57, member of the
Student-Faculty Committee. report-
ed that the committee has been dis-

 

College
Calendar

Friday. November 19
11 a.m. News Staff Meeting.
Draper 206
9 pm. Soccer Ball. Brubacher.

Saturday, November 20
7:30 pm. C a in pus D a y Skits.
Page Hall.

Sunday, November 21
3 pm. Potter Club Open House
415 State Street.
3 pin. SLS Open House, 1011
Madison Ave.

Tuesday. November 23
4 pm. SCA - Hillel Thanksgiving
Chapel. Unitarian Church,
Washington Ave.
8:45 pm. "Caine Mutiny Court
Martini.“ RPI Field House.

Wednesday. November 24
12 noon THANKSGIVING RE—
CESS.

Men To Take

Deiermeni Exam

The next Selective Service exams
will be given on Thursday, Decem-
ber 9, states David Hartley, Dean
of Men. To be eligible to take the
Selective Service College Qualifica-
tion Test. an applicant must be a
Selective Service registrant who in-
tends to request occupational de-
ferment ns fl student and must be.
satisfactorily pursuing ii full~timc
college course lending to it degree.

The applicant must not have. tak-
en the test previously.

Since the results of these cxuins
together with a student‘s iiciidcmic
il\'(‘l'ili.’,(‘ are used by local boards in
determining deferment, it is urged
illlli all students who have registered
but not already taken ilic exam.
phm io do so at iliis time. Stu—
dciiis who have iioi yet registered
ciinoi take this examination.

Applications for this exam are
:iviiiliililc in the Student Personnel
Oi‘ilcc. ’l‘ucsdiiy is ilic last day ap-
plications can be filed.

 

cussing faculty-student cooperation
and that a file of faculty members
willing to help students. should be
available to everyone. Alan Weiner
‘56 representative brought out the
fact that there is already a list of
faculty members in the Student
Personnel office, who are willing to
serve on committees at the request
of any student.

Smiles Constitution Accepted

Clyde Payne '57. Chairman of the
Constitution Committee. read the
Smiles Constitution which was
accepted unanimously by Council.
Following this. the Smiles Budget
of $273, was read by David Kendig
'57. and approved by Council. Judith
Wilen ‘56 presented a Campus Com-
mission motion to appropriate $16
from surplus for their supply line.
This was approved by Council. Both
of these financial motions will be
presented today in Assembly.

Council Requests Myskavnia Minutes

Betscha moved that Myskanla
submit the minutes concerning their
discussion of over-cutting assem-
blies to Council so they can discuss
the problem in their meeting De-
cember 1.

Candidates chosen to attend the
Inter-Collegiate Association Meet~
ing are: Joan Carlin '55, Robert
Betscha and Marjorie Kelleher,
Juniors; Clyde Payne ‘57.

Council appointed Theresa Barber
'56 to investigate the possibility of
special iates for vacation trains.
These rates will be announced in
Assembly today.

Art 6 Class Sponsors
Photography Exhibit

A Student Photography Exhibit
will be displayed on second floor
Draper from December 6 to Decem-
ber 10. This exhibit is being spon-
sored by the students of the Art 6
class. Students are requested to
submit photographs. minimum size
3" x 4". commencing ilic Monday
following vacation. and terminating
December 1. There will be a box left
on ll desk in the lower peristyle be-
tween Draper and Hosted for those
wishing to submit pictures.

The photographs may picture
lnndsciipcs. people. animals. action
shots mid the like. Photos will be
returned December 13 through Dc-
ccinber 15. students being reminded
to place their names on the back of
citch photo.

 

Vll—sliirts
ats. c rcw
rt paper

ote paper

'loth toys
‘tockings
b .. .
(‘ilt wrappings

ni‘ormul notcs
Views of Albany
ndcx cards

‘ apkins
N C His
1

 

*

Only 22 (lo-op

 

days lo Xmas

 

 

 

