 

 

 

:
t
l
l
i
,t
.x
i
‘1
Y.
r

 

 

 “I .,._a_._.~ _.

 

PAGE I

Congratulations . . .

A worthwhile job well done deserves our
sincerest congratulations. We are refer-
ring, of course, to the fine job done by Ron
Koster, and the State Fair committee that
made the Fair the enjoyable and financially
successful event it was. Congratulations,
too, to Student Association for lending its
wholehearted support to this most worth-
while event.

Encouragement . . .

An encouraging example of student-
faculty cooperation was seen Wednesday
night at the first presentation of the For-
eign. Film Group. We would like to see
this? group organized into a permanent ac-
tivity at State. Here again the participa-
tion bf Student Association contributed to
the success of the evening.

Today's Agenda . . .

A third, and most important, opportunity
for Student Association support arises to-
day in assembly with the discussion of the
proposed government changes. This dis-
cussion will weigh the merit of abandoning
a workable and extremely democratic stu-
dent government in favor of adopting a
limiting representative form of government,
on the simple precept that one hour a week
is too strenuous a demand on SA time and
energy.

‘The case is not quite as simple as that.
There is also the fact that our school is
growing (population-wise) and thereby
outgrowing the town-meeting form of gov-
ernment. Another argument is that the
present system is not as workable as we
may claim it to be.

The entire issue, which has been dis-
cussed to great lengths in this publication
and at numerous coffee conferences, ap-
pears to boil down to one paramount ques-
tion: is it justifiable to narrowly limit our
democratic privileges in order to escape one
necessary obligation? We think not. Other
stands are represented in the sample poll
adjacent to this column. Your opinion will
be reflected in your vote.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

II‘I‘AILIIHID MAY III.
IV I’I'II cuss 0' I’ll

 

Medalist CSPA First Place APO

VOL. XXXVIII March 10. 1054 N0. 19

Members of the NEWS staff may be reached Tuesday and
Wednesday from 7 to ii p.m. at 2-3320. list. if. Phones:
Ruben, 2-8326; Ashficld. 8-3689; Eldred and Doris, 11-9612;
Surtes, 3-3326.

The under raduate newspaper of the New York State
College for Te‘achers; published every Friday of the College
year by the NEWS Board for the Student Association.
IVILIN RUBIN - s - - - - - - - - - Idlter-ta-Ohfsr
IIINI ILDIED - - - - - - - - Oe-Ianaging Editor
“I.” Olllo - - - - - - - - - Ce-laasgiag Editor

JOYOI SUITES - - - - - - - I'ublie leiatiene Illtar
ALICE MASHOIAN - - - - - - - - Oireafatiea ldliee
IOIIEI'I ASHFIELD - - - - - - - - - - Sparta Editor
“III. IOHWEIZII - - - - Business-Advertising Manages
WILLARD Ilsz - - - - - - - - - - Associate Editor

 

ISSUE EDITORS:

Cochrane, Endreny, Lackey, Luft, Newman

 

All communications should be addressed to the edtmr and
must be If nod. Names will be withheld upoa asst.
'i‘bs STAT]: COLLEGE NEWS assumes no rape fifty
for opinions or reused in its columns or communications
as such express one do not necessarily reﬂect its View.

 

'0‘

l’
interest. either.”

4' sriirs cottses news.

 

FRIDAY. MARCH 19. 1934

 

 

 

 

W/sat’d f/am 0W?

 

Q: what do you think of the Constitu-
tional Amendment as proposed by the Gov-
ernment Revision Committee?

Mary Ann Jebnpoll ’foi: As a member
of the Government Revision Committee.
I have heard many arguments for and
against the provision revision of the Con-
stitution. If one looks ahead. he will
realize that the increasing enrollment
planned for State will necessitate some
form of representative government. I.
too. feel that compulsory assemblies have
not accomplished all they could lately. We
need an improvement; a small, vitally in-
terested body is better and certainly more
efficient than a large generally disinter-
estcd mass."

Gordon Simpson '57: "I think it is very
good. It gives those who are interested
a chance to take a more active part in
discussion, and doesn‘t tax those who are
not interested. I am in favor of the pro-
posed amendment."

Roger llswvcr '55: "If compulsory as-
semblies are going to be discontinued, I
think probably this plan would be as
workable as any govermneht not partic-
ipated in by the whole student body."

Clyde l'syne 'm: “This government that
is proposed is a government representing
the scilool. but where a few have the say.
If the people elect capable representa-
tives and are willing to put their trust in
these few. tiic government should be suc-
ccssful."

Frita Crumb ‘M: “l'm highly in favor
of it. because: 1) it seems to be the pre-
vailing sentiment of the school that
they re no longer interested in government
themselves. as witnessed in aescmcly; 2)
as things stand how. the assembly hall
itself isn‘t big enough to accommodate
tiio entire student body—consequently
you're apt to get biased votes. aiid 3) We
have been assured by the administration
that the enrollment is gomg up—so that
the way the assembly is presently set up.
it will become even more biased, due to
the UVL‘i'd‘t‘pl‘cthitutloil of freshmen and
Sophomores."

Itobcrt Coan no: "i am very much
against tiio proposed plan. it is not at all
representative DUCiIUhu the representative
Will Just be an Individual and not a rep-
i‘eseiitutive of specific people. Also, I do
not think there wul be enough interest-
eu Seniors, and the Seniors are supposed
to be the leaders."

Edward Lehman ‘M: “i think that on
the Whole the proposed constitutional
changes are good—especially the one doing
uwuy with compulsory assemblies. I feel
those wuo liuvo no interest. but who are
forced to go, no not contribute much."

Theresa Harbor '50: "i prefer the
more uciiiocrutlc system of assemblies that
we have how. but if the llltlJOi'lty wishes
to have it changed. I approve of the
Committee s proposals."

Marilyn (ludil '00: "I would like to see
compulsory tissulilbilun continued. for even
if lilo kids do go and read their uqule-
pcrii, they have the opportunity to par-
ticipate in student government if they
want to."

Ileity Van Viaek ‘01: “i feel it's too
bad tiltll students don‘t want to attend
assemblies, but under lilo circuliistunccli.
i think the Committee has come up with
the best plan liosslbic."

l'eier MoManue 'M: "i feel that the
Committee has done a good lob, but any
government that Will teach only twenty
lrosii a year the principles of student
govuruiiiont means that you'll have very
few people qualified for positions iii a very

few care. There is not enough Senior

By COCHRANE and LACKEY

 

Frank Sahtoro Till: “I tliihk the pro-
posals are very good. it shows the mak-
ings of a good government. appealing to
the interested few—by that I mean those
that would like to participate iii the gov-
ernment."

Frances Alleii '51: "Since compulsory us-
scmblies have been voted out by Student
Association. this is the best plan which
could be proposed to replace our present
form of government."

Lucie Johns '55: "I am in favor of the
amendment, for there is it definite luck
of student interest in the government. it
may not promote interest. but it will iif~
ford the opportunity for those interested
to participate more actively."

Claudette Rudolph '50: "Most of the
proposals are good. I think that we might
get a quicker reaction and more efficiency
through a representative government."

Frances Hopkins ‘54: "I am opposed to
the plan which has been proposed by the
Committee. because I think that it uc-
complishcx no real reform in government.
It seems to be designed merely to clim-
ihate compulsory assembly and conccu-
irate power in the hands of u slniiii pcr-
cchtiigc of the student body. I also Oi)-
jcct to the retention of Student Council
along approximately the same lines as it
exists now. We shall be clcctihg two rcp-
rcscntutivcs. creating more coniusiou and
accomplishing little if we adopt this plan."

Itobert Bloomer ’57: "I think It‘s it

suitable substitute. but i still think coul—
pulsory assemblies are best."
Thomas Shumanskl no: "I tlliiik tlult
the Cominittco has done a great JOD. and
if they continue to do such a good Job,
we shall have It now form of government
in which the students shall at last have
a word to suy—«huinpeﬂ'

William Linings ‘05: “l um in favor of
it. mostly because i can‘t sec compulsory
assemblies. To bring pcoplc to usscui-
blics with no interest in student govern-
inan is Just a waste of time on every-
body's part."

I'atriola llali 'm: "The Government lic-
vision Committee fills di'eniiicd up ii good
form of representative government. but
will the wants of the people be currch
out by such it small rcprcscntuilou‘.‘ lic-
iucmbcr that the acceptance of this bill
will affect our right to vote."

John Aliusiu 'M: “i am ugiiiiist ii. i
don't think it will work. not With 20. 30.
30. 20 class representation. Each class
wouldn't know so or 30 qualified rcprc—
sentutivcs. it would be worse for the
Seniors, sliicc they‘d have iwcuty rep»
rcscntutivcs. thirtccii Myskuniii rcprc-
sciltutlvcs. lliid four Council members to
elect. it is impossible to lliivc lilo pcoplc
represent the student body. Their own
ideas alone would be expressed and not
those of file people ihcy rcprcsciii Stu-
tiohts would also lose conflict with llll!
school."

Lenore Hughes ‘07: "it was very thor-
oiihgly worked oilt. We should be iislnliiicd.
though, iliut students want to lose voice
in their own government by doing away
with compulsory assemblies."

Keith Ituiieeil 'fifi: "l iliii Iii favor of
the new sci-lip. providlng that the rep-
i'cschtuiivos fulfill their duties as rcprc-
seiitiitivcs and its long as the l‘vi‘it of lilo
siudunt body does not lose interest in
atuticllt government."

Nancy Schneider ‘07: "1 din In hum of
compulsory usaviiiblius lillil um hilllhlliiil
With our present form of goi‘cliihiclii.”

Elaine bwartllout '00: "i think then-
will be more interest and boiler piiriicl-
puilon us It result of lilt‘ht‘ IiIiiciiuinculs
This will increase school spirit. 1 hope
when tile people come to elect, there will
be a fair representation of commuters."

 

 

Gammon-5W

By DEVINE and KRCIINIAK

IS THAT ME?

We've heard of an exciting and practical new plan
to have student tax tickets with permanent photos.
This idea also provides for cheaper photos for stu.
dents, available photos for Press Bureau. complete
student coverage for Pedagogue, and most important.
iiddahce of the practice of lending tax cards to out-
siders. For instance. D&A Council. Music Council
and other student organizations are supported by
student tax and frequently go to great expenSe to
bring famous artists to the college. Therefore, elim-
ination of this transfer would be advantageous to the
college, in that outsiders who formerly have been
benefitting from Student Tax Cards will have to pay
for these privileges. This will increase the profits for
the SA. We are enthusiastic about the possibilities
of such an arrangement. and hope SA will support
it when it is presented. Watch for it in Assembly!

A JOB WELL DONE
A pat on the back goes to all the organizations

 

 

which participated in State Fair. It now seems .the .

profits will exceed the expectations. We would like
to extend a personal honorable mention to the Mys-
tery Street show, which contained the highest con-
centration of atmosphere we’ve ever shuddered
through. We also understand Mr. Wheeler had a
private auction of (scholarly?) books. the proceeds
of which went to the Foreign Student Fund.

DROP THAT PENCIL

Certain jokers have in the past and still are writ—
ing fictitious names on the sign-up sheets which
are put up for Intramural Sports. The league teams
are made tip directly from these sheets. which. if not
correct. make it necessary for the league heads to
rearrange the teams and the schedule; not an easy
jobl We hope that these people. how realizing thi-
inconvlehce they cause. will be more considerate in
the future.

THE GOOD GOVERNMENT SONG OF THE WEEK
Where or When?

’I‘IIINK!

Is the FA Committee unjustly persisting in fill all»

tempt to assassinate AA? This valuable organization
has had such worthwhile accomplishments as thc
purchase of athletic sweaters with gold letters, and
the establishment of an Athletic Public Relations
Board for the first time in State's history. Willi'll
are both good advertisement for the college. Let's
look before we leap!

GRIPES OF WltA'l‘if

The water fountains which either hit you in illi‘
eye with a fire hose spray or just dribble ovcr thi-
nozzle. And we abhor tepid water!

The awful sounding flat A, the proprietor of which
is the Common's piano. Would someone Inziyoiici
cure to try the art of inning?

The Page Hail entrance clock which must bc on
Mountain Time, because it certainly isn't on ours.

The Draper Lounge atmosphere which is all smoke
and no ash trays.

The people around Stutc who do nothing but coili-
plain.

LET‘S EA’l‘

Ugh! We just bit into a bologna sandwich and got

a mouthful of iiiuyoililulsc. Why don‘t flu-y lcuvc

the sandwiches dry and lc.. us upply our own condi—
hichts?

(‘LEANLINESS IS NEXT 'l‘0 GODLINESS

We heard whispers of “Down with Siaiic f"illi"' us
we pussod ihc siilgccrai‘t cluss. lt sL-cliis everyone
thought clcunup for the Fair consisch iii throwing
their trash hi the storage room and thc Eli. ill stu-
dents spoilt a few happy hours wading through the
debris to l‘L‘SLUl‘i.‘ u semblance of order.

’l‘lilS 'N 'l‘llA'l‘

Pledge. do you . . . luch you . , \\'lli,‘l'i."S your . . .
Ludy MlliL‘l'il. is this if >pill l are before me? . . . Ncil.
if we know you wurc (‘lmlllllg we'd have bukcd :1
cake. . . . By tiic way. do we still hu\c 8:103? . . ,
Dig,r this crazy sophomore issue» it's the end.
QUESTION OF THE WEEK

Wily aren't file library sluii's llill‘l‘i)\\‘i‘l'?

 

College Calendar - - -

 

I"ltll)i\ Y. MARCH 19

-i -8 [).ill. iii-gisiruiloii for SCA Coiii'I-l‘I-iii-c. lloici
Wellington.

SATURDAY. MARCH 230

0:30 u.iii.- li) |l.lll. SCM Colii'ci'cucc. ‘l‘i'IIiliy Mulli—
odist Church.

2:00 p.iu. Fl‘llhll-Siillll fluslrctbull tiuuii- ill. i’ugc.

'l‘Ult‘SllAi’. MARCH 23

12:00liooii SCA Clinpcl. i’ui'k Ulllll‘ll l’i'csllyii'i'luli
Church, corner of South Lake uiui
Wcstcrii.

WEDNESDAY. lllAllf‘ll Tl-l
0:00 p.1li. SCA Lenten Sci'vli'v. liilil Hiuli- lili‘i-i-I.
’i‘lll'ltSliAi'. M.\lt(‘li 25

12:00 noon Soplioiliili'c lslliullnii
Richardson 120.

'l:‘.li) j).lll. Ncwiiiuii Chill. Nl‘\\'illllll lluli.

7:45 pm. Canterbury Club, St. Andrew's Cillli'i'h.

MlIJoi's' hli‘i‘llllilri.

 

 

Service Needs

New Librarians

The United States Civil Service
commission announces that there
is still a need for librarians in
various Federal agencies in Wash-
ington. DC. and vicinity for po-
sitions paying entrance salaries of
$3,410 per year.

Applicants are required to take
a written test and must complete
(a) a full four-year college course
which includes at least thirty semes-
ter hours of study in library sci-
ence; or (b) four years of progres-
sive experience in library work; or
(c) one full year of professional
library training in a library school.
plus three years of college study or
three years of progressive experi-
ence in library work.

Full information regarding the
examination and application forms
may be secured at post offices
throughout the country. or from the
United States Civil Service Com-
mission, Washington 25. D. C. Ap-
plications will be accepted by the
Commission in Washington until
further notice.

DEG" TO Speak
TO FI‘EI‘ICII 

The Alliance Francaise of Sche-
nectady, of which several members
of State College are members. is
sponsorth a lecture Wednesday
night

The lecture will be held in the
Old Chapel of Union College. Sche-
nectady. at 8 pm. Claude Baurcler,
Dean of Mlddlcbury College. will
speak on French tapestry. Colored
slides will be shown duringr the lec-
ture.

Interested students are urged to
attend. and should contact Willard
Reitz ’55. if they so desire.

Students interested in joining the
French Club here at State should
contact Reitz. It develops an ap-
preciation of the French people.
their language. and customs.

 

Junior-Sized Masqueraders
To Dance Ai Ten Eyck Prom Will Sponsor

Jolly Juniors will have their day

next Saturday night at the annual
Junior Prom. The ﬁfty-livers will
whirl past the sparkling reﬂections
of the mirrored walls of the Ten
Eyck Ballroom.

The dance will give Juniors a
chance to display their fliiest
spring formals. John Orser, Chair-
man of the Prom. explains. “‘Mas-
querade' is only the theme and has
nothing to do with costumihg. The
dance is strictly formal."

The bids, which are now being
offered under the violet and silver
bedecked canopy in the lower Dra-
per~Husted peristyle, are being sold

 

Dean Appoints
Camp Officers

Speaking for the men's Freshman
Camp Committee, David Hartley.
Dean of Men. announces that Rob-
ert Sage '55. will serve as Director
of the 1954 Freshman Camp for
Men.

Sage asks all men students who
would like to act as counselors or
staff members at camp next Sep-
tember to sign up for interviews
which will be held on March 29. 30.
and 31.

Madeleine Payne '54. releases the
following for Freshman Girl's
Camp: Director. Dolores Montai-
bano; Assistant Director. Mary Ia—
covone, Juniors: Secretary. Elaine
Swartout; Treasurer. Marjorie Kel-
lehcr. Sophomores. Miss Montai-
baiio will announce the Lillie and
place for signing up for interviews.

Freshman Camp is the informal
introduction to State College. This
year it will be scheduled for Sep-
tember 15-17. at which time fresh-
men will meet future classmates
and student-faculty advisers.

Tile girl's camp is Camp Van
Schoonhovenon. Burden Lake: the
boy's camp is at the YMCA Camp
on Cassayuhu Lake.

 

at three dollars. All girls will be
given three o’clock hours for the
“Masquerade.”

Dancing will begin at 10 pm.
and continue until 2 cm. The As-
toria Club Orchestra. comprised of
eight players and a vocalist will
provide the musical backdrop for
the terrestial twirlers.

This Friday in assembly homin-
ations will be taken for candidates
for Queen of the Prom. Five aspir-
ants will be voted upon by Absentee
Elections at the Bid Booth next
Friday by Juniors. Last year’s
Queen. Aim Caparls. will crown the
‘55 monarch at “the Witching hour."
Two i'rosh girls, selected by the
Prom Committee. will serve as
pages.
itil Juniors. with or without dates.
may attend a Pizza Party in the
College Cafeteria. Donna Hughes.
Chairman of the cheese and to-
matoes Committee. has ordered
Chef Corsl. otherwise known as the
Caramel Carin. to man the pizza
platters. There will be a charge of
fifty cents to the Italian aspiring
Juniors.

Senior To Fill
SBF Vacancy

In the recent replacement elec-
tion for Student Board of Finance.
Stanley Howlctt '54, was chosen. He
is replacing a Senior who resigned
because of lack of time.

The results are as follows:

 

279 x 100
Quota. ——————— I- ._ - 1395i
1 y l
i 2
Billings 8100 10900
IIowlett 9700 11600
Scarzi‘ava 7700
Blanks  2400 2400
Loss .............................. .. 3000
Totals .......................... .. 27900 27900

s'rars COLLEGE NIWB. FRIDAY. MARCH is. less

D&A Council ~

Art Exhibition

From March 18 through March
31, D. 8: A. Council will sponsor an
exhibit of art works by members
of art faculties of the State Uni-
versity of New York. The exhibit
will take place at the Institute of
History and Art on Washington
Avenue.

Two years ago an exhibit of art
works by the various art faculties
was assembled and went on tour.
The group has organized for the
continuance of a regular biennial
exhibit. Purposes of the exhibit
are: to present a cross-section of
contemporary art. and to acquaint
the people of the area with the art
faculty members of other units of
the State University.

Featured are works in oil, water-
color, silk screen, casein. aquatint.
lithograph. wood cut. mosaic, batik.
sasseria. terra cotta. and linoleum
cut. There is also one work of
sculpture. “Madonna and Child,"
done in wood.

Ruth E. Hutchins. Instructor in
Art. will continue a. water color.
“Organ Recital At Riverside Church,
New York." Also featured is Mr.
E. P. Cowley' soil, “Three Fami-
les."

Library Announces

Service Adjustment

Miss Mary Elizabeth Cobb. Col-
lege Librarian. announces a change
in Library service beginning Mon-
day.

As was stated in last week's
NEWS. the Library is now open
every night Monday through Thurs-
day. from 7 to 9:30 pm. The only
change in service is that all vic-
ti'ola records must be ordered before
the evening hours.

Aside from the aforementioned
hours, the Library will be open
8 am. to 5 pm. Monday through
Friday and on Saturday from 9-5.

   

FMS

Religious Clubs

Schedule Lenten-

Series, Speakers ,
Canterbury, Newman, '

SCA Slate Meetings

Newman Club, Canterbury Club.
and Student Christian Association
are planning Lenten meetings with
speakers for this week.

The fourth in the series of Lenten
meetings sponsored by Canteer
Club will convene Thursday eve-
ning at 7:46 pm. in St. Andrew's
Church. Madison at Main Street,
according to Ronald Lackey ’55,
temporary Publicity Director.

Canon Williams of All Saints Ca-
thedral will be guest speaker at the
meeting. Refreshments will be
served after the lecture. Preceding
the meeting. there will be a short
service of Evening Prayer in the
church. The (lecture will be on a
topic suggested .by, members. and
selected by Canon Williams.

Canterbury Club’s constitutional
revision committee will hold a meet-
lng Monday. Students are urged to
watch the new bulletin board in
lower Busted for the room number
of this meeting, and for other sim-
ilar announcements.

The second lecture on “Apolo-
getics” is being planned by Newman
Club for Thursday evening at 7:30,
to be held in Newman Hall. Plans
are also under way for the retreat.
March 27. 28. and 29, which will be
terminated by a Communion Break-
fast at Herbert's.

SCA will hold chapel services at
12 noon on Tuesday at the Park
United Presbyterian Church. on the
corner of South Lake and Western
Avenues. according to Thomas Dix-
on '55. President.

Lenten services will continue on
Wednesday at 300 State Street, the
home of Francis E. Colby, Professor
of English. Everyone is invited to
sign up on the SCT bulletin board
and attend. Members are urged to
watch the bulletin board in Lower
Draper for notices of coming events.

 

  
 

For Mildness
{and Flavor

 

WHEN I STARTED
SMOKING CAMELS, ! KNEW
THIS WAS THE CIGARETTE l"
FOR ME! CAMELS ARE ALWAYS

WONDERFULLY MILD, AND

I LOVE THEIR GOOD,
RlCH FLAVOR! voo’tt
LIKE THEM, Too!

ﬂré'giaws

Brilliant star of the
Metropolitan Opera

ﬂaw ﬁfe WWW/Lid. . 

   
 
 

MELS AGREE WITH MORE DEOPLE

THAN ANY CIGARETTE I

 
   
   
   
 
    

 

 

OTHER

     
 

RISE STEVENS says: “Not 'iil high school was my
voice ‘discovered’. (l unwillingly sang an octave low
in class.) From that day, singing was my love-—

ut weddings. parties. on the radio. I studied all over
Europe before ilic Mct and the movies accepted the."

ll .1. lit-iilulili Tobacco Co.
\\‘iIIsluu-h‘uiciu. N. i‘.

Start smoking
Camels
yourself!

Smoke only Camels

for 30 days — scc for
yourself why (Tuiucls'
cool. genuine uiilillicss
iiiul i‘li‘ll, friendly flavor
give more people more
pure pleasure than

any ollicr cigarciiel

 

 

