 

 

PAQIJ'G

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 3. 1954

Choralettes To Perform Publically
At Annual Christmas Programs

The Choralettes, a group of selected girls’ voices, will make four
public appearances singing for Christmas programs between Thursday
and December 15. The singing group is under the direction of Karl A.
B. Peterson, Associate Professor of Music. Their ﬁrst appearance will
be Thursday at the annual Christmas tea of the Daughters of the Amer-
ican Revolution at the First Presbyterian Church. Other performances

Greeks Schedule
Parties,- Release

List Ol Pledges

Psi Gamma and Chi Sigma Theta
are having parties this week and
four fraternities have pledged new
members.

A dessert-card party will be held
Monday for Psi Gamma faculty
members states Sylvia Korab ’55,
President. Phyllis Hurd and Bar-
bara Baum are Co-Chairmen.

Chi Sigma Theta is having its
annual Christmas party for its fac-
ulty members Sunday from 3 to
5:30 p.m., specifies Ann Tobey ’55,
President. General Chairman is Vi-
vian Schiro ’56, and committee
chairmen are: Marilyn DeSanta, En-
tertaimnent; Sheila Lister, Sopho-
mores; Gifts. Carole Hughes '56.

The new members of Kappa Beta
are: Lawrence Suffness ’56. and
Theodore Pederson ’57, according to
Richard Tinapp ’56, President. Sig-
ma Lambda has pledged Jesse Vies.
Edward Demske, and L. Keith Gil-
mour. Sophomores, reports Robert
Henderson ’56, President.

Hugh Brown, Donald Murdock.
Juniors. and Thomas Boehm. Robert
Manthey and John Pengelly, Soph-
omores, have pledged Alpha Phi Al~
pha. announces Thomas Mullen,
President.

Potter Club has pledged Edward
Syzmanski, Grad, and Jon Smith.
Horace Crandell, Herbert Felskl.
Donald Kesel, and John Demster,
Sophomores, reports Robert Sage,
President.

Students To Play

Santa For Smiles

Smiles is planning a Christmas
Party for the Albany Home for
Children Wednesday. December 15,
from 7 to 9 pm. Any member of
Student Association is invited to
act as Santa Claus for one of the
children at the home by Elaine
Swartout '56. Chairman of Smiles.

Students are requested to spend
fifty cents to one dollar on a gift.
and place the package in boxes set
up in the halls during the next two
weeks. Each package should be
marked with the age and sex for
which the present is suitable.

Seniors with last names begin-
ning with A through K are request-
ed to purchase gifts for boys of ages
14 to 16. Seniors with last names
which begin with L and continue
through Z are requested to purchase
gifts for girls of ages 14 to 16.

Juniors with last names beginning
with A through K should buy gifts
for boys from 11 to 13. and those
with last names L. through Z for
boys ages 14 to ill. Sophomores With
last names A through K should buy
their gifts for girls 11 to 13 and
those with last names L through Z
for boys 7 to 10.

Miss Swartout requests freshmen
to buy gifts for girls 3 to 10 if their
last name begins with A through K
and for boys 4 to 8 if their last
name begins with L through 2..

State Student Poetry
Appears In Anthology

The National Poetry Association
in California announces tiilit the
following poems, written by students
of State. have been accepted for
publication in the Annual Anthol—
ogy of College Poetry: "in My
Associates," by ’i‘hco A. ltlcck,
Grad; “The Mystery of What Foi-
lows," by June Sic-wk '57; and
"Intrusion." by Mary Urquhart '57.

The Anthology in ii compilation
of the finest poetry written by the
College inch and women of America.
representing every section of the
country. Selections were made {run
thousands of poems submitted to
the Poetry Association of Los An-
gelou, California.

include the college Assembly, the
Student Christian Association An-
nual Christmas Sing, and the Fac-
ulty Christmas Tea.

Included in the program are the
following numbers: "Glory to God
in the Highest," Pergolesi; “Blow.
Winds, O Softly Blow,” German
traditional melody; “Carol of the
Sheep Bells." Slovak Folk Song; “I
Wonder As I Wander," Appalachian
Carol; “The Coventry Carol," an-
cient melody; “Deck the Hall,”
traditional melody.

Next Friday in the Assembly pro-
gram, the orchestra. under the di-
rection of Charles Stokes, Professor
of Music. will perform also.

Choraiettes is a special women‘s
vocal group for public performance.

Student Council . . .

(Continued from Page 1, Column 1,)
complete the All College Revue
Committee.

It was reported by Ann Vigilante
‘55. that the Assembly next Friday
will be the Christmas Assembly,
since it is the last before vacation.
She also stated that the National
Student Association regional (for
New York State) conference is to
be held this weekend here in Albany.
Since Student Council is investigat-
ing the possibility of joining the or-
ganization, MiSs Vigilante urged
that SA members attend. Registra-
tion. including the payment of $1.50
fee from 3 to 5 pm. will be in the
Hotel Ten Eyck this afternoon. with
panel discussions and the balance
of the convention to be tomorrow. in
the State Assembly Chambers.

Two motions were made relative
to theStute Colegc News. one to in-
crease the number of copies printed.
to the amount of $48; the other. to
rectify mistakes in the budget in the
printing line, amounting to $86.

The president announced the fol-
lowing members of the newly form-
ed "New Types of Government"
Committee: Bruce King '56. Chair—
man: Joseph Anderson. Joseph Taji-

 

]n 7/“ Queue

By an JONES

Greetings Cats. what‘s cookin' in
the grove these days? As of late I
have been riding the cloud floating
from Moonvllle to Crater City here
on the moon. Caught some real gone

sounds coming up this way from
[he earth lately, Man. like what

:ll’C you cats up to? I figgered I best
catch no on the latest in the dulcet
sounds from the modern cats on
wax. By the light of the Moon my
list reads in the wildest of ways,
so let's go stompin‘ cats.

Cookin‘ the greatest sounds for
Columbia these days is Rosemary
Clooney who this week has the top
disc. “Hey There." This is really
wild Willi some spooks comin‘
through with some gone lyrics.

Spinning in the second spot is
Denice Lor's waxing of “If I Give
My Heart to You." Watch this one

close like because. man it‘s going
places.
Heart throb Eddie Fisher, who

just look the big step with Debbie
Reynolds. is singing “I Need You

the way the ball rolls.

MAN. LOOK OUT. The Mambo
is in town and it’s hitting the place
like wild storm. Again we find that
Columbia doll Rosemary Clooney
coming up with another hit. This
time it's “Mambo Italiano.”

The second five, in this week’s
listings are as follows: sixth, “ABC
Boogie,” by Bill Haley. seventh, “Mr.
Sandman." cut by the Cordettes, in
eighth spot is Pattie Page's waxing
of “Mama Doll." Wailing like mad
all the way from England on the
London label is David Whitfield's
recording of "Carl Mia." and last
but far from least is the ever smil-
in' Nat “King” Cole’s disc of
"Smile," cut for Capitol records.

Cats. I just received the greatest
news. The new Glenn Miller Limit-
ed Edition II is now available at
the Blue Note upon request. So don't
forget. for the real end sounds get
the new Glenn Miller album.

Have to be shovin‘ off like man
bilt will be coolin’ here again next
week with the local stomp chatter.
next session with the clan.

 

Membership through tryouts was gert, Sophomores; Henry Acclo. Now," on illl RCA. Victor label for Until
held at the start of the sei. ester. freshman. his one and only. Sorry girls, that‘s LIKE LATTER MAN,

Altlrcss Diniui Lynn: This is

 

M

 

 

lllfbl. lilicr oi. lill—l.&i\l‘s Mil‘liclc Tip.
The smoke is mild, yci full of flavor.

No Filter Compares with  
for Quality or Effectiveness! 

  

lllc
l‘il'\\ill Show":

    

Enjoy Much

Mr. and M rs. Hill l‘irw ill, slurs oi' 'I'\".~ grcall “Sill
As wc my on TV. illin cci‘lliinly
l.» ilic illii'liclc 'l'ip. I..\"\l's iillcl iii-ills 'cin lill.

More

W Ilii’ is ii illill III.ll\l'~ l..\\l lllc llllisl

llilhl‘llillllliil. lno~l c.l;;cll\ iil'i‘l'llil'll‘

lllc illsic~l plowile cipnlcllc oi (Ill iinic'.’
.lll~l ilii~. it‘s illc illlcl ili.i| connis
nonccolnpnllwwill:l..\\l'~ \lil.ic|c'l'ip.lon

',_'l'| liiilcli nioli- il.l\ol. Iliill'li lc~~ nicolinc .i

'. erica’s Best Filter Cigarette!

KiNG SIZE 8. REGULAR

    

 

.ilill

    

 

 i" .
Mrs. Luddic Sanford, Socialite:
i nllllllil‘ l.s.\ls . . . so do inosl of my
iiii-lids.Wonderful lillcr...iinc iuslcl

Flavor; Much Loss Nicotine

iigiil :iud liiild suiokc.'l‘lull‘scilcclivc lllll:il__-
lion. \o oliici ciglll'cilc luls ii.I

\\ ll} wilil io il'y l..\‘.\l.~i'.’ lliscovcl' for your-
scli \\l|ill lilolc null llllll'l‘ iillcl‘ lip sniolicl's
.‘lll' liudinp oul clcl'y dily: [atolls arc just
u/ml l/lc iloc/o/ oIi/crcll.

O boom d: Mrw Toucan Co

 

 

 

 

 

    

Billy Butterlield
SCA Sing

 

 

ALBANY. NEW YORK. FRIDAY. DECEMBER 10. ‘954

 

§CA Sponsors

Christmas Sing
Sunday Evening

Group houses will compete Sun-
day evening" in the fourth annual
Christmas Sing sponsorcd by Stil-
dent Christian Association. Jane
Silllif‘i' ‘55. Chairman of the eve-
ning reports that 17 groups will en-
ter the conlest which is scheduled
to begin lit 6 pm. at Page Auditor-
ium. and Singch will be seated in
groups according to the order in
\\'lli"':l they will sing. All singers
iil'L‘ i‘l-qucslcd by Miss SilllLCl' to be
lit the Auditorium zit 524;") p.111. ill'lS
who no ~l.i.v,ini should wclir whitc
l)l()ll~l'n. block skirts. and block dross
shocsivicn snould wclir ii dlirk suit.
white shirt. nnd ll (lurk four-in-
h.niii tic,

.Jllll.:cs for the sing include Mrs.
John P. chison. Fl'link B. Blilll'y,
Choii' l)iicclor lit Allinlly High
School. and Judson Rnnd. Choir l)i—
l'c.l ll' lil St. Pctcr's Eilll.‘('ll])ill
Church 111'. Frlinics Colby, Assoc-
ililc Pl'ilii‘.~.\lll‘ ol' l‘.ll_‘_'.llSll :ind SCA
Advisol' will il\\'lli'(l lhc pi‘i'lc. li gold
cilp.

Conimiilcc ciniil'nu-n for thc sing
inclildc Cili‘tll Sllndcl's  in charge
of publicity; programs, lillclinoi' Ro—
ncy; llll(l sci. Nlincy (hidc, Sopho-
morss.

Bctli Zola will opcn the program
with "The First Noel" followed by
Alphi Pi Alpha who will sing "O
Come. O Come linilnliuucl." Bru-
Lili‘lit‘l' will be next singing “Angels
We ii:i\'i‘ Hl'ili'il on High.“ followed
by (In; Si nni Than with "l Wondci‘
As i Wllnllcl'.” lhcll (.‘ohcsc licighls
wilii "Wc 'iln'cc l{iil;5.” (immuni-
crs‘ (‘illb singing "lNo L‘niidlc Wais
'ihcic".

lininnni Klippn Pin will sing "(in

'l‘cii ii on 'ihc .Vionnlnln.” Klippli
Bcto presenting “Willil Cllll(l is
’l‘nls“. llicn Kli,lp.i l).'li.1 singing

“liondiiy (ii‘l‘l‘ilil  iollowcd by
Ncwnnin Mill “0 Holy Night.“ Pol—
lcl' .mn nix. 'i.:llloi'cr Winicr Song“,
:ind innilly bclol'c the liiicl‘lnisslnn
Plcrm iiilll singing "Siii‘cl' Bclls."

Allcr lhc intcrnlission Sliyics l'lilll
will illlSi‘lil “Jcsll Bliiil.iiilo.” Siginli
Phi hizlnd “’i‘hc L.lil'l.\lliilis Soile.
Si .illii l.;nn.:d.i Sigmli "Mcdlcy," Phi
Dl‘l'.l ".lc ll illilnbino," Psi tniliilnli
“'lllc l.liil(‘ .icslls Cililli' to ’l'own,“
Vilil llcl‘zcc "(iod licsl Yc Mcl'l'y
(.i nllcnicn." ’l‘llc Clioi'lllctlcs undcr
lhc lni'ccllon ol Klil'i A. ll. i’clcrsoii.
Assocllilc l"i'llll‘.\.\lll' oi Mllsic will
il.Sl) sin; bill will nol bc coililclnlg.
'i'i;.' plows \\‘iii sciccl llilllllSi.\ who
will picscni :i :-ccond innnocl' bciorc
lhc inlnl dlulslon is illillil‘.

 

uAndAwayWeGop, Forensic Club it]?

Would it be rushing the sea-
son too much to think about
Easter just before Christmas?
0!

Bill Floyd is organizing fl. stu-
dent excursion to the isle of
Bermuda for the Easter vaca-
tion. A deposit of ﬁfteen dollars
is necessary by January 15 for

2

.ill those interested in having
n. hull.
Just think. a six-day party

of college crew on the island of
:wcryone's dreams but no one‘s
reality. The mics are low. not
requiring much “dough”. It
should be quite a “blow” or
“blast” with memories that last.

Wednesday ll technicolor mov-
ie will be shown that's guaran-
lecd to put stiidcnis‘ hands in
the w'lillcts to seal the deal. Just
think! A private planc ride
down and back. a six days stay
in ii Guest House and plenty
to do.

(let on the bandwagon!

 

Judicial Ruling
Opens Meetings

'I‘hc Silili- (‘ollcg‘c News, l'cprc—
colil'ill li_\ [up willol's nnd li l‘f‘ill.)l"-l'l,
:illcndcd lhc rcgillzir wcckly incet-
inc. o1 Mysklinili Tucsdliy (‘\‘(‘llllllJ,.
which is held in the Government
Room lli Brublichcr.

'i‘lic News was in litlcndlincc. sincc
Myslminni lnid bccn l'collcslcd to
cllii'ily :1 ruling lllll(ll' by the or-
.nni...ilion rccclilly regarding the
closing of mcctlnls of organizations.
o,cl.ilnig under the Student Assoc-
inlion blldrct.

()llicl' obsci'i'cl's ill lhc mccling
incuidcd lhc VisiiJlL‘J. Committee of
ill.‘ Anici'lclin A>socintion of Col-
lc.:cs lor 'icllcllcr hdllclitioii. chliir-
nmncd by Dr. iii. Dc-Allon Partridge.
Prcslncnl of lhc Sliilc 'i‘clichcrs (,‘ol-
lcgc. iVilillil‘iiiil'. i\cw Jcrscy.

Jolin Clirlni '55. Chairman of Mys—
i~'..illl.i. silosclllll'lll lo (llhi‘liSSlllii i‘c—
‘hiii'fliili lhc cl.i.~iil.: oi nlccllngs. rc-
ic.isc~,i to lhc News ilil' niolion its
plis c.i by lhc Scnloi' jlldii'llil body:
"Slimcnl Assoclnl.on in cc t l n g s
ishdn‘v bc opcncd lillli‘rﬁ that ol'gnn-
iZilllUll cn ngli‘c \liild l'l‘;iSlllln to
Mysiniiiili why liic>c llli'lhilllS
shoino bc closcd." 'lliis lncnns llizit
nil oi'gnnlxznlons inl.st obtain por-
llllrﬁlllll ll'onl Mysklinni to closc :iliy
pl;i.inc.l nicciinls. und Miss Clii'lln
in'gcs nil ol'gniiixlillon heads to hike
ibii'iil‘iillil‘ ii.ili.-c of the ruling.

[News] lo Publish Special Publicity Edition
For Adminstration's Use in High Schools

'iiic Silitc ('ollcgc News iiolil'li in
n .‘ij.l‘.lili inc. inc; Monilny liiil'i’iioon
Ill li.' L o~oi‘iiii..ilol' oi i‘icill Hl'i'.ll'l‘..
()lnic, zippl‘oicd n illliii.)il in pill
ol.l .. spliml lsilc oi liic News iol'
llic .r‘itlllliiliSli'illliill. 'l‘liis spccllil ls-
>~lll' i. to bc liscli by tho (‘o-(n'din—
lilol' lo llillll'lii pi'ospcclnc ll‘l'.\ll—
nicu oi iiic \n'lilcs oi Sililc (folicsc.

Arlinn' .lolics. (‘o-oi'dlnlilol' ol
Maid M‘l'Hccs nppi'ollcllcd lionnlli
l..iciicy 'oo, l<Illllol‘-iii-(‘lnci on lhc
inlsnlllliiij o1 such on l:snc linki-y
l’zlili‘ll ii hlli‘i'iiil nicclnig ol llic it‘d-
ilol's lo dccldc llic issllc

ll wan; pondcd olll by Mr .lonc.
lii.i. i'i'l'\iilli.~ llll‘i'.illii'l' llilx nol bccn
in.» clicich iic iicilcics lli.li
copy oi llic slndcni ncwspzipci‘
would nlliocl Inol'c nilcniloll .ind
ii.|.‘l'i'ii lll illl‘ ll).i:“l‘.

lin- liool‘li lliiil'll scll liic iliihnillll'
lly [Hill .in i:..‘$lll' oi llic News i-Moli-
lug Iiic \n'lucs oi lhc (‘ollcgc would
not ncccssiil‘iiy pl'cscnt iiil zlccul‘lilc

pislnrc ol Sliilc. ’l‘licy l'clt lll such
on liiidll'l.ii(lil.: ll would no licccs—

siiry i-i sl.ilc linil llim‘ was not on
ol'illildi‘y islic, iiic sioi'ich’ iii if.
shown. liowcici'. bc wrillcii ill the

.\l'\\n sloi‘y siylc.

lt‘i'clyn linocn 'iifi. Mzilnignisz l-idl»
lor nioicd: 'l'hc Static (‘ollcgc Ncws
wolnn inidci'lnllc lllc projccl oi
iliii’lilLL out :i llllli‘ punc issiil' lor lhc
[\lllunnsli'nllon iii iSIn-i—bo Ioi' tlic
por, .w oi llliol‘liliiir', prospcclli'c

ll'isnnicn oi llil' \ll'lilcs oi Sinic
l'oiic: 'I'Iic liolii'd \'l)il‘(l lllliilll-
nlonrh iii tour of lilc iiiolloli. All

l‘xlil'lihl's liiciirrcd 1n lhc publishing

oi iiic is-lic will bc plild by lhc
:\iilii'i.lsll';illoli

'lll.‘ liiill'il will ligiliili iiicci ncxl
l“i'lil.i,\ .ll 1i) iliil iii lli'npci‘ l-il ll)
llihllli‘i- liil'll' Ioi'llicolulng bunqucl
.nid ('dii‘illllilllliiili l'cilslons. .lilll-
lifli'\' -i llic liolii'd \\lll llll'l'l lo dis-

cuss silill prouiolions. liolli lirc opcii
nil-clings, i'cports illickcy,

TO DGbale TOPlC QuiCk’ Seniors, the respective

For Bonk Groups

Four members of Debate Council
will present a debate on the Com-
munist China topic before a meet-
ing ol the American Institute of
Banking in Albany Tuesday eve-
ning. reports Phyllis Bialow. Presi-
dent of Debate Council. Miss Bia-
low and Phyllis Lyeth '56, will take
the affirmative and Richard Clif-
ford illlCl Emilie anra will present
negative arguments before this
meeting of bunkers from the Troy.
Albany and Schenectady areas.
These some folir debaters have lic-
ccplcd nu invitation to meet Cor-
nell on the Red China topic before
the Cornell Alumnae Club next
month.

Siciui
for :1 series of

cnlcrtliined Slate dcbnlcrs
four (l0l)lll.(‘S, iii ii
social cycning Wednesday night.
'I‘hcrcsli Monaco and Josephine
’l‘csl..i, Sondli Schectlil' and Patricia
Wisonwcr were the illill'illllill'c (ic—
l):iil'l‘S in the two debates. The negli—
ll\'c teams for State were compos-
cd of Shirley Allen and Phyllis
Lyclll, and Linda Niles and Bar-
l)2ll'll Slilrlitorc. Juniors

Student Bolii'd of Finance agreed
to .l line change this week so that
chlil.c Council could solid three
spczikcrs to lhc Notional Forensic
’l‘ourinilncnt at Ohio University.
Athens. Ohio. in April. Eight dc-
blitcrs will attend lhc Regional For-
ensic ’l‘oilrnlimcnt at New York Ull-
ivcrslty and illl‘CC (lii‘i'crcnl dcblitcl‘s
will be choscn for the Ohio trip.

Collee Kiotch
To Follow Sing

Student Union Board will spoil-
sol' ii cofch hour Sunday from
9 to 10:30 lllll. immediately follow-
ing the Student ChriSiilin Associa—
tion Christinns Sing rcpol'ls i\lincy
Hound '55. Chairman of SUB. .. 

Tins is the first Lillie that ii col cc
hour has bccn held in thc evcnillg.
Pri ll' lo this hour lhc coflcc hours
llii\’l‘ bccli hcld Sunday afternoon.

Siudcnl tryouts :ilid nicmbcrs ol'
SUB ilil(l faculty members will
St‘i'H‘ lhc coffee and cookies. Buck—
gi'olnid lnlinc will be played. As illl
added attraction SUB hlis lil'i‘lingcd
for the winning group in the sing
to render li sclcction during the
coffee hour.

Co-Chlili'nicn of the evening's lic-
ii\'ll_\‘ lii'c iL‘dlili Stnndlcy lilid Fl‘illlk
1.o’iru..:lio, Seniors. Publicity is illi-
(ici‘ inc dil'cclion of Aliuc ()‘Nciil '55
and lilllh Fliil'bli.rii ‘nli, lildnli Ail-
dlrsoi. 'fili hclids lhc nri'nngcnlcnts
connnitlcc, Annc Klill(l!'lli.i,'S is in
chlimc oi ili\'.l.litions ind Mikc Mox-
iim '57 lc.ids the c.clin-lip commit—
lcc.

Dean States Schedule

For Christmas Recess

(Jolicgc cllisscs will officially closc
ill lizol) ii.lll., Ii‘l'idny. Dccclnbci' 17,
and will bc i'l‘niilill'il lit 8 li.lll.. Juliu-

 

any :i. iii-cording lo ()M'ili' lt‘, Lun-
ioi'd. Donn of too Com-go
’i'lic l‘cgnililions l‘cqllll'c. liii sili-

dcnls lo bc lii :illcndlinco Dcccnibci'
l7 and January 3. with lhc cyccp~
lloli oi lhosc sliidclils who nrc on
ilil' llcnn': i.isl liiid those grndlilllc
slliliculs who lllivo inlinilliincd llll
llrcl'ligc ol iii) lol' lhc .prcccdlllg
sinicslci‘. lu‘xccpllon .ilso lli‘i' lhosc
hiliiil‘lliia who lilirc bccn c.\cilscd by
ciilicr liil' l)clin‘s (.)liil'l' ol' lhc Slu-
llcnl Pci'soiuicl ()i'ilcc beloi'c tlic
libsciico.

VOL. xxxni NO. 12

Will Play For Winterlude Tonight;
ill Open Yuletide Season Sunday

Inter-Sorority and Inter-Fraternity Councils will join
in sponsoring their annual ball, Wmterlude‘, tonight. The
dance will be held in the Circle Inn at the Lathain Circle
from 10 pm. to 2 a.m., reports Patricra Finger and Custer

BILLY BUTTERFIELD
Will Play at Winterlude

Deon Clarifies
Cololog Rulings

Oscnr E. Lllnford, Dean of the
College. announces tile regulations
concerning the graduation and
course i'cqilii'cincnts to be fol-
lowed by undcrgrlidlnilc students.
The requirements listed in the cata-
log under which the student en—
tcrcd or lhc catalog which is in ef—
fect lit the time of his graduation
are perfectly acceptable, states the
U01”).

The Class of 1955. for instance,
may one the present catalog. the.
one ioi' 19:31-52 or any catalog is-
sucd during those years. proiiding
lhlit lhc requirements in any one
catalog bc lollowcd. It is not pos-
sible to fulfill port of the require-
lllcll-I.» from one catalog and part
from another,

    

Presidents of ISO and IFC.
Billy Butterfield, the “Greatest
Trumpet Player in the World," and
his orchestra will provide the music
for the dance.

Bids are now on sale at the Win-
teriude booth in lower Husted at
four dollars per couple. They will
also be sold at the door of the Circle
Inn tonight.

[SC-IFC Will Not Charter Bus

There will be no chartered bus,
as previously stated in the State
College News. The minimum of
twenty people did not sign up by
Wednesoay, thereby making it im-
possible to charter a bus in ad-
vance.

The Circle Inn is located at the
Latham Traffic Circle. It may be
reached via Northern Boulevard. A
left turn at the Latnam Shopping
Center from Northern Boulevard
will lead directly to the Latham
Circle.

The following committees are
making arrangements for the dance.
’lhe Band Committee is under the
Chairmanship of Ellen Baronas, as-
sistcu by Marjorie Liadeil and Anne
Dvorak, Seniors. The Arrangements
were handled by Thomas Mullen '05,
aided by Quick and Bruce Wise
’56.

Committees Direct Bids, Publicity

Robert Henderson ’56 is in charge
of the bids. Working With him are:
Marilyn Werbaiowsxy ‘55. Judith
Wiien, Nicholas Cassevoy, and Shir-
ley Hamlin. Juniors. Publicity is
directed by Beatrice Engeihardt ’06
with the iieip of Ann lOut‘J, Syl-
Viil Korab, Robert Sage, Donald
Capuuiio, Seniors, and Sam Arch-
iiilik ’56.

Memocl's of the Decorations
Committee under the direction of
Joan Fuller ’56, include Wi.liam
Liinlige '55, Richard Tinapp and
Al‘llOlu Newman. Juniors. The Chap-
erone Committee includes Jean
Haiicnbeek ’56, Chairman. Jane
Wlntchur..t, Juniors. and Olga Ko-
inzinowski ‘55.

Chaperones for Winteriude in-
clude: Hudson S. Winn, Associate
Professor of Biology, and Mrs.
Winn; Dr. Rudolph Schmidt, Col-
lege Physician. and Mrs. Schmidt;
and Don.in T. Donicy, Asset-late
Professor of Education, and Mrs.
Donlcy.

 

Council Elects Chairman For Fair,-

Driving Class Will Present Skit

included in lhc bilsincs handled
by Hllidcnl Council chnlsdli, eic—
lilll;., w..s the ciczlion of thc Choir—
lnli.i iol‘ S ll.c l‘iiil', SidiKllllH coili—

lnilli-c reports. approval of D&A
Assoi ilit.on coiislituti )ll amend-
liic its. o.s.usslin of the My k.iln;i

ruling on cioscd lncctin s. and lhc
scion; of lhc ii_:('ll(lil for today‘s
Asst-lolly.

Jlscph Hurt '55 iiiltl Dlirid (‘xold-

bch, ‘fi7 l‘i'ilill‘Sll‘fl lhlil Sllldciit
Council illlUW lhc Drircr ’i‘rliining
cilixs to picscnt n short skit iii

Arsclnbly lollliy. l‘i'lllil\'i‘ lo Nutionlii
Slilc llilring Day. which is Uf‘l't'ill-
bcr lo. ’l‘hcy sllllcd lhc possibility
of ii \i'l'ccllcd lilllo bcing displayed
on l'.iillj)liS us part ol lhc inillonul
ill'fi‘.',l'.lill. Also, lhc group is planning
ll pnolo i-xliibli. ol w‘l'ccks.

Snicc lhc sclcclioli of thc Sluic
l"lill' (‘hlln'unin bcclilnc lhc llcxl.
ordcr ol bllsincss. l‘rcsidcnl (,thu'ics
Ut‘l'liWiill ":35 llicn i'clid lhc Mys—
klinlll i'llinni ol lhc prcylolls cyc-
ninu. lhc l‘csilll of winch prollibllcd
(’lilliiill ll'liill closing thc mccling to
iillli«('olliil'il incliibci‘s whiic lhcrc.
w.is oisrilssioli lind vollng on the
noliiluccs. Alter limiroxlinlitcly lin

ll()lil' of discussion on proposed can-
oidlitcs, Council elected Mary Jane
Fisher '56 Chairman of State Fa.r,
with Jane Whitehurst ’56, alter-
nil.c.

Council entered a period of dis-
cus ion icl.tcrn.g about the secur-
lll'_\' oi the inventory submith to
thc organization from the Associa-
tion of Men‘s Inii'limurlil Athletics
tAltilAi. formerly MAA. Explllnli—
lions \\'t'l‘(' ‘,.'.l\'(‘ll by AMIA President.
’i‘hooms l-logllc '55. Council decided.
lil)\\'(‘\'t‘l‘. illlli. the next regular in-
vcnloi'y. dllc in Jlinllnry. should be
in :i lorui for more complete.

The mccling closed with ll dis-
cussion ol' lhc ruling of Myskuiiili
regarding the closng of mcctings.
Myoliiilllll's position in the matter
being dcsci'ibcd by Joan Clll'lill '55,
Cllilil'lliilli.

li‘iil‘iillllsi on today's Assembly
ll.",(‘ll(i1l is ll Chi'istinlis pl'ogi'liln, dis-
cussion of Campus Commission ino-
l.lon to [like money from surplus,
linnollnccincuts including both
\‘lll':liiUll trains and Safe Driving
Dliy, liiid possible discussion on the
Campus Conunlsslon regulations.

 

