 

PAC. I

Open Door Policy . . .

Because of many questions raised by SA members, and
a request in last week’s News for a clarification on the re-
cent Myskania ruling that an organization could close their
meetings to outsiders, Myskania ruled Tuesday night, that
“SA organization meetings be opened unless that organiza-
tion can give valid reasons to Myskania why their meet-
ings should be closed.” .

Student Council, in their meeting Wednesday night,
protested this, claiming that Myskania had no power to
declare this ruling. It was brought out by Counc11 members
that there was nothing in the constitution of Myskania
or in the SA constitution which providesMyskania With
such powers as they have apparently assumed.

On the other hand, there is nothing in the Student ‘

Council constitution which states that Council meetings
be closed to SA members. Myskania is not assuming the
power to levy this statement on organizations, rather, they
are challenging organizations and bringing out the fact
that no organization does have the power to close their
meetings, as was tried last week by Counc11.

The News is wholeheartedly backing Myskania in their
challenge of the powers of these organizations and'Wlll
be interested in seeing the outcome of their protestations.

Professional Bloc . . .

Last week the Academic Council approved a proposal
for the establishment of a professional semester bloc for
all Seniors starting with the Class of 1957. This profes-
sional bloc will include eight weeks of student teaching
and a student teacher seminar and eight weeks of Edu-
cation courses and a course in the student’s major field.

This reorganization of student teaching arrangements
was designed to handle efficiently the increased enroll-
ment in the College. During the 1956-1957 school year it
is estimated that the College will have to provide student
teaching opportunities for nearly three hundred persons
in off—campus situations.

This plan will allow students many more opportunities
for off-campus teaching and will provide students teach-
ing at Milne a greater total experience. As a result of this
new proposal, crowded conditions at Milne would be al-
leviated since there would be a decrease in the number
of student teachers to be assigned there.

It is our opinion that this professional bloc will prove
very successful and by creating opportunities for greater
experience in student-teaching it Will eventually result in
the production of better teachers.

A Time To Give . . .

Congratulations are in order for the new SMILES
organization which was rejuvenated this year by a group
of interested students. Starting from scratch they now
have a constitution, budget, a set of officers and a very
admirable will to work. In existence less than two months,
they have started programs at the Albany Home for Chil-
dren and the Clinton Square Neighborhood House, which
are progressing very successfully.

Right now, SMILES is planning a Christmas party
for the children and is asking for help from all of us, in
the form of small presents for the children. We feel that
SA should get behind SMILES and help them who are
willing to help the less fortunate. Now is the time to give.
Let’s see those boxes filled to overflowing!

A.J.C.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

IITAILIIHID HAY IOII

i:- 

u
{I W
First Place CSPA
VOL. XXXIX
Members of the NEWS staff may be reached Tuesday and Wednesday from

7 to ll pm. at 2-3326, Ext. ll. Phones: Lackey, 3—0277; Ruben, 02-0570; fleltz, 2-9711;
Bwlerzowskl, 2-3744; Moore, 2-3328.

IV I'M. cue. 0' III.

 

First Place ACP
December 10, 1954 No. 12

The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State College for Teachers: pub-
illshed every Friday of the College year by the NEWS Board for the Student Associa-
t on.

RONALD LACKEY - - ~ « - « - - - -
EVELYN BUIIEN - - - - a - « - - - Managing Editor
WILLARD REITZ - - - - - - I‘uiilio Iteiations Editor
JOANNE MOORE - - - - - - - - - Feature Editor
ESTHER GOLDS’I‘EIN - - - - - - - - Circulation-Exchange
FRANCES MONAIIAN - - - - - - Business-Advertising Editor
AILEEN COCIIRANE - - - - - - - - - Associate Editor
CAROL ANN LUII'T - Associate Editor
JOSEI'II BWIIJIIZOWHKI - - - - - h'poris Editor
ARNOLD NEWMAN - - ~ - Junior Sports Member
DOROTHY BASMUSSEN - Junior Sports Member

Editor—lli-Chicf

JOHN KNAI’P - - ~ - - Staff Photographer

 

AILEEN COCIIItANE — - - - — - - - Issue Editor

 

All communications should be addressed to the editor and must be signed. Names
will be withheld on request. The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility for
opinions expressed in its columns or communications, as such expressions do not
necessarily reflect Its views.

 

0‘

BTATI COLLIOI Mm. FRIDAY. DECEMBER 10. 1954

 

H

“Musre Hath Charms . . .
ICA:

Council Selects State
As Next Year's Host

By MARJORIE KELLEHER '56

The annual Inter-Collegiate Association conference
was held at Geneseo State Teachers College Friday
and Saturday. December 4 and 5. State's delegation
included Joan Carlin ’55, Chairman, Marjorie Kelle-
her and Robert Betscha, Juniors, and Clyde Payne ‘57.

The purpose of the ICA conference is to discuss
problems pertinent to the New York State Tcnehcrs‘
Colleges and to achieve unity between them. In the
past, ICA was not a very active organization but
this year's conference went a long way to strengthen
it. Starting in February, a monthly lieWslcttcr will
be mailed out to all member colleges carrying inter-
esting facts and news from each of the State Teach—
ers’ Colleges. Revision oi the ICA constitution was
begun in order to give the association lnorc power.
Proposals were discussed to make ICA a pressure
group in the State Legislature. In view of the prog-
ress made at the recent conference Albany State
should do everything it can to back up this organiza-
tion.

The program was divided into four main groups:
Inter-ceilegiate relations, Professional attitudes, ICA
constitution reviSion, and Student Government. Ideas
were gained from each of these groups that could be
applied to Albany State to help us in different ways.

At the closing session, several colleges submitted
bids to have the next conference at their college.
Albany State was selected by a majority vote to be
the place of next year‘s convention. The conunittcc
is now working on plans to publicize the conference
within the school.

44m 7% Eddac’s
Madden;

IAncirocles': S.R.O.

Open Letter to the Editor:

Dramatics and Art Council sincerely regrets having
had to turn away so many students, facility, and
townspeople from the recent State College Theatre
production of "Androcles and the Lion." This was due
to an unexpectedly large demand for tickets.

We hope to remedy the situation by having two
night performances for .lli subsequent productions.

Thank you for your patronage and yoilr under-
standing.

 

 

Sincerely yours,
Fran Verven,
President.
l)&A Council.

Keep it Cleanl

To the Editor:

Campus Commission wishes to make known to
those who do not already know it that the Commons
is beginning to look as it did before it was painted.
We had it painted and cleaned up for your use but
you seem to be taking advantage of it. Iii View of
this fact it is becoming necessary for us to take uii-
wanted stcps to keep it clean. if noliccablo change
in the state of the Commons is not seen in the very
near future, the CUIIHIlUlln will have to be clohl'd ior
an lndcliiiltc period. We are sure that this is not
what yoil want, so please keep the Commons clcon.

Paul Lewis ’57
Chairman of Commons for (‘uinpus
Commission

 

line to fault of the Post Office the H’I‘A'l‘li
COLLEGE NEWS copy did not reach oilr print-
ers in Hudson yesterday. Sonic news may there-
fore iiaic been overlooked. We urge you to
consult the bulletin boards and posters around
campus and the announcements in Assembly.

 
 
 

 

 Eamon-

stale/i

Wittschen & Lo'l‘ruglio

 

NAME PLEASE . . .

We feel that anonymous notes eg.. those sent to
the Editor of the State College News, are not only
ineffective biit also trite. If you have worthwhile
criticisms. state them and back them with your name.
Hedging around hasn’t gotten anyone anywhere cx-
ccpt maybe a. few more “friends.”

EXCLUSION .

The question of onen or closed meetings for our
campus organizations has; been a controversial one
for Student Council, Myskania, and the News. Un-
doubtele it has also raist discussions among others
who are not on these organizations. (If not, why not?)
This controversy is a recent one. and one which we
have gotten along without for at least several years.
It may be that iii these same years the reasoning
behind the exclusion of “outsiders” from a meeting
has been lost. When used as a protection for an ill—
dividunl being discussed, or in the better part of tact,
such exclusion seems justiﬁed and wise. When the
protection is for those doing the discussing, or if
used for unnecessary types of matters, exclusion is
no longer justiﬁed nor wise. Myskania's ruling al-
though positive, sidesteps a general policy and the
problem. An organization, no matter how carefully
it prepares an agenda, cannot be certain that its
meeting will not have new business which might re-
quire both a decision from Myskania baous closure.
and also immediate action. A solution might better
be attained by organizations intelligently seeking the
purpose behind the “barring of non-members and
using it with discretion so that the student body as
a whole will not feel that their democratic toes have
been stopped upon.

NOTICED . . .

The '.'35 box is so slow in being ﬁlled with gifts . . .
the Times crosswords can make you feel so dumb . . .
all the “tcliiporznily ..............  signs on doors, Monday
. . . SCAGS had :1 meeting so late in the semester . . .
that big tlirlioiit at Page Saturday Light, for the
presentation of "Androclcs and the Lida“ Pays to pub-
licize—huh . . . SUB is finally piltting ilp those much
needed murals, and that you can now get more than
one channel on the TV set at Bril . . . that all the
clocks at Bru Hull have a different time on their
faces. Such confusion.

WHERE'S ’l‘IIIS I’ICI’ . . .

Assemblies might begin more promptly and curtaili-
ly would be more enjoyable if the Pep Bond starth
them off as they used to do. This full we heard it lit
a few activities but even then most of the effort in
organizing it was put forth by a good student. Since
then we haven‘t heard anything of it. It seems a
waste lllti‘l‘ the hard work that went in building the
group last year iplus the money spent for music).
not to havc a Pep Band now because of lack of
leadership.

MERRY (‘IlItb‘TMAS . . .

and a star to thc Snack Bar decorators.

and ii book of recommendations to Chuck who
doesn‘t lime last year's yet.

and a typewriter ribbon to those students with
papers due.

and a breather for rushcrs and rushccs.

and a bell to Student Council for managing all
their ringing salesmen.

and u lot of cooperation to thc new State Fair
Chairman.

and sonic cold weather for MAA's coining ice rink.

and a bottle of chocolate milk for the basketball
team veto \\'lll.

and ii licw mink xcl‘pclit for Minerva.

and niol'c records for those who play them ill the
lower hull.

and some now l'cd pt‘llcilx for lhc facility for those
illililx cciilllig ill).

and a nice vacation to you all.

QI'ICS'I‘II)N Ul" THE WEEK?

Cllll Myxkuiiio still continue to function us an lioii-
orliry and also it Alllillt‘llll body?

 

College Calendar - - -

 

l"lill)z\\', lilﬁt'l'IMliI‘llf It)

11:00 :l.lll. i News Stall Mccl‘iilg, ltooni 206.

lzoo nary

llizlil) pin. Winlci'liulc, (,‘n'clc inn, Lathum Clrclc.

Sl'NliAY. lHCi'lCMBI'ZII l‘l

lizlil) l).lll. Annual St‘A Clll'lhilllilh Sing, Page Hile

i):l.l) p.ui. Stilllcni Union lio .‘il Coll'cc lionr, Uru-
lJlli'lli‘l'.

’l‘l'lilsllin’, l)I'2(‘lel\ilil'lli M

8:00 pm. ()i'ul intci'pi'clillioii liciidliigs, Draper 349.

\t’lu‘i)l\‘l-lh‘l).-\\’, lilii‘l-ZMIH‘ER is

3:00 pm. (‘liilili‘cii's (‘lirisliiius i’iii'ly, Albany llomc
llll' (.llillll'l‘ll.

li‘lllllAY, i)i~2(‘i<2Mlililt l7

10:00 aiii. News Board Meeting, ltooui 141.

  

 

 

gran: anLaoI: news. molly. occasion to. 1934

 

me a

 

NSA:

State Delegates
Attend Annual
NSA Conference

By ANN VIGILANTE ’55

Last weekend, December 3, 4, and
5, the New York State Region of
the National Student Association
hold its Fall Regional Conference
at the Hotel Ten Eyck and the State
Assembly. Approximately 100 stil-
dcnts including dclegnlcs. altern-
ates, and observers represented
about 20 colleges and universities of
Nl'W York State, Six representatives
from State attended the conference
as olisci'vcrs. They were Ann Vigil-
ante and Thomas Dixon, Seniors,
Marie Carbone and Frank McEvoy,
Sophomores, who comprise the com-
mittee investigating NSA from Stu-
(li‘lll. Council, Ronald Lackey ‘55,
i'i-pi'c..l-m.itive from the News, and
Morton Ilcss ‘57, an interested ob-
schcr.

Officers lilcctcd

The Conference consisted of two
opening plcnnry sessions, pliiicl dis—
l‘llSmlllllb} conccrning \':li'l()li.\' coili-
lnissions, programs. and problclns, a
plenary Si':~.\l()ll ill whi<h the panel
i‘cports, il'HiilllillnlS uiid l'ccolnincnd-
otiolis \\l‘l'l,‘ presented and approved.
and fl l'lwlllg‘ xi-sxion with the clcc-
lion of rcphlccinciil officers.

To Give Report chi chk

The NSA commiilco was set up
in Studcn: Council to look into the
lit).\.\ll)llil.ll‘S of" Silllc College join-
liiu NSA. The coiiimlltcc will have
ils report and rccomlncndiitioiis
rcady ior Coliiicil next week.

Psychology Club
To Hear Leciure
On Delinquency

The Psychology Club will present
a program on juvenile delinquency
at its next meeting Tuesday night
at 7:30 13.111. in Brubacher. The
guest speaker will be David Frie-
land, a practicing psychologist at
the Berkshire Farms. announces
Donald Howard ‘57, President of the
Club.

Following the talk, all members
will be invited to participate in a
discussion period led by Dr. Frie-
land. All aspects of juvenile delin-
quency will be considered and will
ihcn be applied to the general psy-
chology course offered at college.
The discussion will be guided by
Alfred Quonsli and Edwin Lawson.
Instructors of Psychology and ad-
iisors to the club.

The purpose of the Psychology
Club is to acquire a better under—
standing of and further its mem-
bers‘ background in psychology.
Meetings are held every other Tucs-
dny night at Brubacher and are
open to anyone interested in at-
lending.

D&A Postpones Date
For [Girls in Uniform,

The production of "Girls in Uni-
form," originally scheduled for the
middle of January, has been post-
poned until Friday and Saturday,
March ll and 12, reports Frail Ver-
vcn '55, President of D&A Council.

Dramatics and Alt Council is
planning thc sponsoring of the
ANTA Players on Fcoiunry '7. They
Will also present "The Winter's
Talc" iillfi “The. Skill of Our Teeth."

Thc Dramatic-s and Art Associa-
lion to which every student belongs,
l..- govcriicd by a Council composed
of not more than five members from
each class.

[aﬁeld . . .
Out OI Order

To the Editor:

This letter is being written re-
garding a decision made in student
Council this past Wednesday. Eise-
where in the paper is stated the
ruling of Myskania regarding open-
ing of meetings of all organizations
on campus. This, of course, results
in Student Council meetings now
being opened unless otherWise Stat-
ed by leyskania, during elections
and appointments and discussmns
tnereor. wnereus previously the
meetings have been closed. This
ruling was made on Tuesday, De-
cember 7. At the Student Council
meeting this past Wednesday, De-
cember 8, the President of Student
Council announced this ruling to
the members wnicn enacted the
appointment of the State Fair
Chairman that night, and all suc-
ceeding elections and appointments.
Student Council was not totally in
agreement with that ruling.

The agendas for Student Council
meetings of this year have been ex-
tremely crowded of necessity, there-
fore, various important items have
been hanging over. One of these im-
portant items is the revision or the
Student Council Constitution, the
legal document under which this
organization must run. This has
been hanging over for a month.
Logicaliy it should be taken care
of as soon as possible, silicc Coun—
cil is now running illegally, until
lcvision is completed and brought
up for consideration within the
Council. At the meeting Wednesday
night, the agenda for the meeting
was read, including revision of the
consiitutlon. Certain SC members,
dissatisfied with the ruling, brought
this up for consideration iii prefer-
ence to the constitution revision,
cvcn tiiough the ruling would not
affect them in the near future. It
was almost overwhelmingly passed
by SC.

I, as an interested observer, con-
sider this a very bad move since it
represents more interest on the part

Academic Council States Education

Teaching Changes For Class Ol '51

Academic Council, composed of the administration and faculty mem-
bers who are the heads of the departments, at its meeting on November
29, approved a proposal for the establishment of a professional semester
bloc for all Seniors starting with the Class of ’57. According to this
plan one semester of each Senior’s program will be divided into two
eight-week periods. During one of these periods the Senior will do stu-
dent teaching (6 hours credit) and will take a student teaching seminar
(2 credit hours). The program for the other eight-week period will con-
sist of five hours in Education and three hours in his major field. The
five hours in the ﬁeld of Education will include both Ed 23 (Evaluation
and Guidance—2 credit hours) and Ed 22 (Curriculum—«3 hours). (Both
these courses are currently being required in the Junior year). The three-

 

 

Kafutd' Kapeu

If you can ﬁnd a little time be-
tween all the big goings on around
campus this weekend, the theatres
in Albany have some ﬁne hours of
entertainment to offer. “The Na-
ture Girl. Athena." is pulling crowds
in at the Palace. 111 color, the pic
features Jane Powell, Edmund Pur-
dom. Debbie Reynolds. Vic Dainone
and Louis Calhern. Gene Kelly rides
the “Crest of the Wave" in the sec-
ond ﬂicker.

All the beauties of Cincmascope
and Stereophonic sound enhance
the main bill at the Strand, “The
Adventures of Hajii Babe.” John
Derek and Elaine Stewart hold down
the lotus in this saga lifted from
the Arabian Nights.

Just around the corner at the
Madison Anthony Quinn and Peg—
gie Castle are in the midst of “The
Long Walt." Errol Flynli has "Cross-
ed Swords" in the second hit. For
these who like a long walk there‘s
always the Delaware. The boy star
of the “Mudlark,” Andrew Ray, is
starring in “The Yellow Balloon"
there.
of SC members in exerting their
own power than in discussing and
taking care of a basic legal ne-
ccssity.

Consider. SC members, what are
and should be your most important
duties as such.

Mary Ann .lohnpoll '55

hour course in the student's major
field will not result in any increase
in the number of credit hours now
needed to fulfill major require-
ments in that field. In most cases
it will be a course that is part of
the current major requirement.
Because of the increased enroll-
ment some reorganization of student
teaching arrangements was neces-
sury in order to handle efficiently
the large classes already on campus.

During the 1956-1957 school year
it is estimated that the College will
be called upon to provide student
teaching experience for approxhn-
ntcly four hundred and sixty-five
Seniors and Graduate students. The
Millie School can provide adequate
fondling opportunich for about
one hundred and seventy of these
students. This means that the Col-
lege will have to provide student
teaching opportunities for nearly
three himdrcd persons in off-campus
situations.

To move such a high percentage
of the students off-campus, it is
, .—
csscntial to arrange their profes-
sional and academic sequences so
that they may be released from
campus obligations for an extended
period dilrilig the Senior year. The
approval of the professional sem-
ester by Academic Council makes
this possible.

 

 

 

 

New filter cigarette brings
flavor back to filter smoking!

   

appreciate Winston’s

effort to puff!

to filter smoking!

Winston tastes good —
like a cigarette should!

I Now there's a ﬁlter smoke
college men and women can really
enjoy! It’s Winston, the new,
king-size, ﬁlter cigarette with not
ﬂavor—41111, rich, tobacco ﬂavor!

You’re bound to enjoy Winston's
finer flavor. Aiid you’re sure to

This exclusive ﬁlter is unique,
different, truly superior! It works
so effectively—yet doesn't “thin”
the taste. Winstons are king-

sizc for extra filtering action.
Easy-drawing, too—there’s no

Try a pack of Winstonsmthc filter
cigarette that brings flavor back

finer filter.

WINSTON. . . the easy-drawing filler cigarette!

H .i lti )NUithi iouAccli cu . WIN:10N~8ALLM. N. c.

 

FIN ER
FLAVOR!

 

 

   

    
 
  
    
 
  
    
 
  

  
 
 
 
  
 
   
  
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
    
   
 
   
  
 
   
 
  
   
  
 
 
  
     
 
 
  
 
  
  
   
    
  
  
 
   
    
    
   
   
   
   
    
   
       
    
 
  
 
    
    
  

