 

PAGE 8

Blue Horizon: . . .

‘ A hand off the keys, a handshake, an op-
portunity to greet a new class, the Class of
1958. The News Board and staff is proud
of its singular privilege of being able to wel-
come you, individually, to a new life, col-
lege. You are the future of our school, the
bearer of our traditions. You have picked up
the extinguished torch of a memory, and
have donned the colors and name of that
memory. Bear your torch with .pride, and
let your four years at Albany State be pro-
ductive both curricularly and otherwise.
You have much to look forward to: a new
million dollar addition to your school to in-
crease facilities for music and dramatics
and audio-visual activities; a new system
of registration, designed to accelerate a
time-consuming process every fall. New
houses have been provided for you, to al-
leviate housing difficulties; a new Student
Activity Card to eliminate organizational
problems. These are marked charges, pro-
gress, of which you recently became an in-
tegral part.

ACClicngcd Policy . . .

The Student Insurance Plan was chang-
ed during the summer, to the evident dis-
may of many students. It was not as some
may think, due to any losses the insurance
company may have suffered. Albany State
is but one of eleven units of the State Uni-
versity which was affected by a new ruling
handed down by the New York State Insur-
ance Department, which clamped down on
all accident and health insurance com-
panies. As best as we can report now, the
change resulted from a ruling that such
companies must conform to rates on file
with the State. Up to this ruling, the com-
panies could operate on a sliding basis, en-
abling the individual company to offer such
provisions as it desired. Thus, it is not the
insurance company that has been responsi-
ble for the change, but a limiting of their
coverage by the State.

We have been informed that an appeal
has been made by the company to enable
the addition of the prescription coverage
to its policy, and this is expected to be back
in operation next year. Arthur Kapner,
company representative, will be in Assem-
bly a week from today to answer questions
raised by Student Association. For Student
Association to question its legality though,
is to question the legality of a ruling by the
State of New York, not of any action by the
representative, the administration, or by
student leaders.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

mAILIIHID HAY III.
IV THI CLAII OP III.

 

First Place CSPA First Place APO
VOL. XXXVIX September 17, 1954 No. 1

Members of the NEWS staff may be reached Tuesday and
Wednesday from 7 to 11 pm. at 2-3320, Ext. 11. Phones:
Lackey, 3-0277: Ruben, 3-3320; lteitz. 2—0370; Aslilleld, 3-3500.

The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State
College for Teachers; published every Friday of the College
year by the NEWS Board for the Student, Association.
avail??? “LapgNEY - - - - - - - - “Editor-“hellch

"LA" lounging Lditor

W D BI:sz - - - — - - - Public Relations Editor
ESTHER GOLDSTEIN - - - - ~ - Circulation-Exchange
FRANCES MONAIIAN - - - llusliu~.sa-Advertisingr Editor
AILLEN COC'IIRANL‘ - - - - - - - - - Associate Editor
CAROL ANN LUF’I‘ - - - - - - - - - Associate Editor
JOHEI’II HWIEICZOWHKI - - - - - - - - - - - Nportu Editor
ARNOLD NEWMAN - - - - ~ - - Junior Sports Member
DOROTHY ltAiiMllﬁHEN - - ~ - - - - .luiiior Hportu Member

 

All communications should be addressed to the editor and
must be signed. Names will be withheld upon request.
The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility for
opinions expressed ln its columns or communications, as such
expressions do not necessarily reflect its view.

'0"

 

 

STAT”: COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER ‘7' "’54

 

 

 

 

 

cm: em.

By SUE BARNIIART

1958 is four years away. Four examination forms; there’s
years can be a very long time—or a life and new buddies.
2237;201:212“; Fsmv :1 ears at Stﬁte Things do calm down around here

. 3’ wondemm though. You find out about our ri-
time—or otherwise. It depends up- .
valiy, and student government. Out
on you, Frosh. It depends upon - . -
what you want to put mm it of the vast mob of freshmen, lead-
' ers Will emerge. Class elections take

But; at, any rate here you are at place in the spring, Activities Day
State, And it's fun to be a freshlnan is for freshmen too. You'll discover
at State. It’s hectic, but it's fun. what makes State click and you'll
There's Fresh Camp, and men a meet the kids that keep it clicking.
whole horde of receptions; there's Soccer season will keep you yelling.
registratiom and endless printed Sororities and fraternities will a-
rouse your curiosity. Wc dance at
State, too—casually at the Union
em midst the flying ping-pong balls,
“I “dug a,“ and occasionally quite formally.

The thrilling legend of the pleas-  “mes mlnethlng 1m evexy
ant lad who became a mighty man
of iron . of the kingdom hc .
saved . _ i and the lovely Lady Anne it, you're here to learn. The biggest
whose heart he stole w The Black thing that can happen to you at
Shield of Falworth at the Strand State College can happen between
starring Tony Curtis and Janet 9:00 A' M' and 9:50 A' M" “I. may”
Leigh. The second feature is Loop— be w“ be between 2:00 P; M‘ to
hole with Barry Sullivan. 2:50 P. M. Those classes are impor-
tant. Those classes are what you
came here for. Fundamentally, ev-

 

dorm

 

 

But when it comes right down to

Clark Gable. the man without a
name, Lana Turner, no stran er to .
danger. and Victor Mature. thegdam_ rythlng else here at State depends
devil known as the “Scam-n m me upon them. You're being offered
aerhrﬁygg. l'tI;hismcpuulsating (Lléilllllil wonderful courses, Frosh. And won—

c ' rcsquc so nrs w . . u . v
with a powerful story. The smog-d deilul pcoplotcach them. All this
hit at the Palace stars Van Johnson IS you” my Just the effort"
and JoAnne Dru in the last and ( w ‘ . ~
most desperate battle in the wlm ‘ 1J58 is loin yeais away. Whether
“mg of the west! 7_ The Siege M it be a long time or a short time,
Red mum a. wonderful time or otherwise,

The scream ml) he_men Star m u make sure its a profitable tiinc.
doublmdcckm. um” show, fighting. Studymiiot too much, but enough.
 romancing! _.. Gary Cooper. Basil And be proud of Stittf‘. It's :1 good
Rathbone and Sigrid Gurie star in scum]

The Adventures of Marco Polo. Also. '

the second hit at the Grand stars '~' 4'

Joel McCrca, Edward Arnold and
Walter Brennan in Roaring ’l‘imlier
a saga of the west.

joymcnt this \vccknd iil lhc local
theatres.

"obsonvs Choice Wm, John Mms For the chosen few with cars hero
and coastal-ring Charles Laughton is at State From Here To Eternity
curre - i . . . , ‘

n y Iunnina M Lin. Dduwart- James Jones best-selling novel

A celebrated best-seller comes to brought L” m“ "“ “‘9 “01'0"” 15
“h, on the screen _ The Egyptian playing at the Mcnands Drive-In
stars Jean Simmons, Victor Muturc, "’1 lllll‘ Albany-’I‘roy Road. nut-i.
Gem. Tiempy‘ mm Michael Wilding. Lancaster, man of iron, Frank Slu-
m the m”. llllll, illl Academy Award wlinicr.

stars in his smash rolc as Mll"lll,

At the Madison winding up its the little guy with ll big licurtkilnid
current stand is Magnificent Ohses- plcnty of guts. Supplying the sup—
slon starring Jane Wyninn and Rock porting rolcs arc choruli Kci'i'.
Hudson. (lone With The Wiml, Mar- Doiiiin llccd timothcr Academy
gurct Mitchell's best seller takes over Award Wlllllt'l'l and Monlgomcry
at the Madison on Sunday. Vivien Cliff. The Mad Magician rounds
Leigh portrays Scarlet O'Hara and out this cvcning of cnlcrtulninciit.
Clark Gable captivates her heart as
Rhett Butler. rI‘his is an exciting I" “ll-V "1 5"” m" “I” 1”“ M‘Ml”
tale of the battle between the old Wk" "‘"m‘ “5 "‘1" ““ NWV Hmmlml
South and the North shown on the AWW“ i“ “1“ “mm” "‘“l‘l” ""lv‘“
screen in a magnificent three and I“ l” 5”“ Th“ (“c-"n Mill” “0'1"-
one-half hour production. Jimmy SWWm'l lli'l'm-‘i mick L“ 1”"

through lhc portrayal of Glenn Mll-

Youi' reporter advises The Black ler . . . one of the grcutcst band
Shield of Falworth and (Rene With conductors of our times. .luiio ANY-
tho Wind as your best bets for en- son ably choruch-rlzcs Miller's wife.

 

Gammon-3141'»

By JOHNPOLL and QUICK

 

WE’D LIKE TO WELCOME . . .

Everyone back for the beginning of a new school
year, with a special welcome to the Class of '58, who
are beginning what we hope is a very successful col-
lege career. We're quite sure that any and every up-
perclassmen would give you this piece of advice—you
get out of college only what you put into it . . . (Amen)

WE'D LIKE TO CONGRATULATE . . .

Dee and Bob and their staffs for what We have
heard was a successful pre-college weekend for the
fresh. However . . . it seems that too many were de-
prived of the fun. Next year We'd like to see larger
campsites or, with the proper arrangements, site.

WE‘D LIKE TO REMINI) . . .

You all of the All-College Reception, this Saturday
night at 7:30 p.in., beginning with the show at Page
and followed by a dance at Brubachcr. Here’s another
chance for social intercom‘se.

The fresh to write home for their, what one Blue
Jay so aptly called, “bible.” The handbook will prove
invaluable in your adjustment to college life.

WE'D LIKE TO WATCH . . .

Myskania. As the year progresses and various is-
sues arise, these people will present opinions and
ideas which are based upon three years of experience
in student affairs . . . Take heed.

WE'D LIKE YOU TO CHEER FOR . . .

The soccer team, which has been practicing for
over a week on Beverwyck Park. It premises, with
your help, to be an outstanding season,

WE'D LIKE YOU TO NOTICE . . .

The new banners in the Union . . .

The plans for the cafeteria . . .

Night classes (110W offered for credit) . . .

The Yankees aren’t going to do it again . . .

A clean commons . . .

Classes are new every hour on the hour . . .

The new assembly time . . .

Even though there‘s no snow, Wintcrlude is in
the air . . .

Registration is more efficient this yearn—only one
big line. All out! Last station! . . .

Script-writing talent is wanted for the All-College
Revue . . .

The new course, Burp 102, offered every day from
11 am. to 2 pm. . . .

The incoming calls to Brubacher, “Hello, I'd like to
speak to 000096545678" .

WE'D LIKE YOU TO REMEMBER . . .

We're the only column in the State College News
that gives green stamps.

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER [7

10:00 NJ“. State College News Staff Meeting,

Draper 201.
8:00 pm. Canterbury Club's Reception, St. Andrew‘s
Episcopal Church. corner of North Mulii
Street and Madison Avcnuc.

SATURDAY, HEP'I‘EMBER lit
7:30 pm. All Collcgc Rcccptlon, Pugc Hull
Duncc at Brubuchcr Hull.

SUNDAY, SEP'I‘EMIHER 19
7:00 pm. SCA Reception, 'I‘liutchci‘ Park,
Buses lcnvlng from Drupcr Hall
3:00 p.11], lVCF Rcccption, Brubnchcr Hall

7:30 pm. Ncwmini Club's Rcccpiion, Ncwnnin linll.

Madison Avcnuc.

7:30 |l.lll. l-lillcl's Rcccpiion, ()liuv Slioluiu, Wash—

ingiou Avrnuc.
'l‘lllilsliAY, SICIVI‘ICMIHCR '31
10:00 iihi. li‘l‘t'slllllcll ()ricnlntloii. l‘ugc Aiullioruuu.
10:00 il.lll Sopllonioi‘c Class Mccimg, Richardson 220.

10:00 ll.ill Junior Class Mcclmg.

'l‘llllllSlMY, Sidl"l‘ltMllllll :23
7:30 pm.
7:30 pm.

Ncwniiui ()lub Mccting, Ncwmun ilull.

lVCl'I Mcctlng, llrubuclicr llull,

 

 

STATE COLLEGE news, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1954

no: a

 

TPB Requests
State Students
To Clicck Notices

Placement Bureau Lists
Teaching Appointments

The Teacher Placement Bureau
has placed the following graduated
students in teaching positions, ac-
cording to Mrs. Elizabeth King of
the Placement Office. Students still
looking for leads to teaching jobs
are urged to watch the bulletin board
across from the Placement Bureau.

Leonore Corcorane, BA ‘52, Rye
Neck, Mamaroneck, English; Fred-
erick McGarity, MA '51, Sherburne,
FR-English; Mary Alice Rega, BA
'50, Newark Valley, Math; Gustave
Raitz, MA ’51, East Meadow, L. 1.,
Guidance; Thomas Brophy, MA '54,
Stillwater, Ma-Sci.; Carmella De-
Lisio, BA ‘48, North Rose, Math;
Ada Cosgriff, BA ’54, Manor Oaks
School, New Hyde Park, L. 1., Eng-
lish; Charles Edgington, MA '50,
Saranac CS, Guidance; Mrs. Marion
Waters, MSLS ’34, Newark Valley,
Library; Thomas Yolc, BA '53, Hud-
son Falls, aMth; William Brophy,
BS ’41, Cobleskill Ag. and Tec., Com-
merce; James Brayden, MS '53, Bd.
of Co~op., Richfield Springs, Guid-
ance; John Sublik, MA ’52, Draper,
Schenectady, SS; David Parmon, MA
’54, Tannersville, SS; Mary Cath-
erine Murray, BA '54, Delmar, Eng;
Barbara Peace,: BA ‘53, Ed. Testing
Service, Princeton, N. J., SS test—
ing; Walter Robinson, BA ‘51, Sandy
Creek, Vice—principal; Ruth Beetle-
stone, BA ‘54, Parksville HS, Balti—
more, Md., English; Ethel Martin,
M80 ’53, Memorial HS, Levittown,
Co.; Anita Lilenfeld, MSLS '54,
Peekskill Elem. School, Library; Mrs.
Crista Krcuger, MA ‘54, Troy; Frank
Di Gregorio, MA '52, Island Trees
HS, Levittown, Math; Andrew
Greenstcin, MA ‘51, Avon Old Farms.
Avon, Conn, Spanish; Marilyn
Meyers, BA ’54, Dclanson, Spanish-
Social Studies; Mrs. Patricia (Zylkol
Prindle, BA ‘54, Bellmorc. Jr. HS,
Junior High Math; Carol Schrcincr,

(Continued on Page 1,, Column/,1

Sage To Present
Don Cossacks

Russell Sage College will present
the famous General Platoff Don
Cossack Chorus and Dancers in thc
Troy Music Hall on ’i‘liursdny, Oct-
ober 7, at 8:15 p. in. All seats for
the concert are reserved and tick-
ets may be obtained from the col-
lege.

The membership of the musical
organization attempts to prcscnt the
best of the vocal talent obtainable
among the White Russian cmigrcs
who fought communism in Russia
as curly us 1918-18. The Chorus was
originally organized in Prague,
Czechoslovkia in 1927. its incmbcrs
were exiles from the newly organi-
zed Republic of the Don, which was
destroyed by the Bolsheviks,

The Chorus has a varicd program
of folk songs, devotional music, rc-
giincntal songs and danccs of their
native coiuitry.

Students Must PaY
Room, Board Friday

Dr. Oscar E. Lunford, Dean of
the collcgc, status that rcsidcnis
of the following men's and wo—
mcn's group houses must make llli.‘ll‘
room mid board puymcnts to Ain—
urd Liclbond, treasurer, by ch-
ncsdoy, September 22: Ridge, l-lil1~
top, College Heights, ’l'hurlow Col-
lege lviousc, l’urk House, and Lakc
l-lousc Brubachcr,

Dr. Laiii'ord also reminds stud-
ents that cvcryoiic niusi. bc i‘cgls-
tcrcd by noon Friday, Scplcmbcr Bi,
and the last day for cnl.cring class-
cs is Monday, September, 27.

 

 

Joe’s Barber Shop

58 N. Lake Av.»
Near Wuhinaton Ave.
BARB

I
w.MmToPhuo

Whererheeme Million Dollar Addition Enters—

Construction Within Sixty Days
Modern Building Will Contain

cw Music Drain-tics Facilities

Work is slated to begin within sixty days on the construction of
the $1,064,073 addition to Richardson Hall, announces Edward Sa-

Meei To Greet

The receiving line forms to
the rear for all those social souls
who are planning on meeting
the President and his lady. Next
week Big Brother and Sister will
lead the procession of clammy
hands to meet the "wheels."

Last year one meek soul got
so excited she shook hands with
a floor lamp and wondered why
the President of SA wasn’t
wearing a lamp shade. A lost
musician saw all the people and
started to pound out out the
wedding march on the Stein-
way. Beforc anyone could sing
“Ssh Boom" Myskie had offici-
ated the marriage of MAA and
WAA.

So many people jammed the
Brubacher Lower Lounge that
another crumb couldn't be sand—
wiched in. Maybe this year IBM
machines will replace the entire
evening.

 

Germany Opens
Teaching Jobs

The Institute of International Ed-
ucation located in New York, rc-
ccntly announced that there are
opportunities to teach English in
the secondary schools of the Federal
Republic of Germany, open to
American graduate students or
truchcrs under the Educational Ex-
cliungc Program conducted by the
Department of State.

Under the Gcrinnn nssistuniship
program. American students will
serve as assistants to teachers of
English and will be assigned to in-
stitutions in German cities. Succss-
fol candidates will have an oppor-
tunity to gain teaching experience
and at the same time to undertake
courses of sludy or research at Ger—
man universities. Awards are for
the 1955—50 academic year. The clos—
ing datc for applications is Novem-
ber 1, 1054. Assistants selected for
this projch usually will not teach
rcgulnr classes, but will conduct
conversational exercises mid spon—
sor English clubs and Workshops on
Amcricun history and literature.

The U. S. Educational Commission
11‘ the chcrul Republic of Germany
would prcfcr for these posts young
Americans with some teaching cx-
pcricncc and u Mnslcr‘s degree.
Candidates with preparation in the
iiclds of English or history are dc—
slrcd. Applicants should have broad
cxpcrlcncc in cxiincurriculnr as well
a. :icaidciii‘ic nctivitics and should be
wcll-lnfoi'nicd about American his-
il'()_\', institutions. and educational
l)l‘:l(‘tl('l‘.\‘.

Succcssllil candidates for the us—
sistantship positions will be award—
cd Fulbright grants, puyublc in Ger-
dcuischmiurks, which covcr travel.
tuition, inimitciinncc, books and iii—
cldcntals for u full academic year.
(lruduaio students who are now on-
rollc;l in itcadcinic institutions
slioul dnpply to thc Fulbright Pro—
gram Adviscr on campus. Ollicr
caiididziics should apply to ilic lu—
sllluic of lllli‘l'llilililllill Education,
1 East Slrccl, New York City.

'l‘lic program of (‘icrinnn assist-
imislilps l.\ scpiiruic from lhc inicr—
cliungc of (lcruinn and Allll‘l'li'illl
icuclicrs uiidcr lhc w‘iulc Dcpiiri-
niciil's lilduciiliomil Exchange Pro—
gram.

Corner Ontario & Benson
Dial 4-1125
FLORIST &

GREENHOUSE
College Florists for Years
Special Attention

f

 

or
Sororities and Fraternities

._-. -..'—__.

First Assembly
Convenes‘ Friday

Student Council will convene
Wednesday night in the Student
Government Room at Brubacher for
the first meeting this semester. All
students are invited to attend the
open meeting which will be con-
ducted by the new Council members.
They include: Charles Beckwith ’55,
President, Robert Betscha ’56, Sara
Jane Duffy ’57, Secretary, Thomas
Dixon, Edward Franco, Marilyn
Gadd, Ann Vigilante, John Orser,
Seniors; Theresa Barber, Mary
Brezny, Joseph Kelly, Marjorie Kel-
lcher, Alan Weiner, Juniors; Lenore
Hughes, Frank McEvoy, Clyde
Payne, Bruno Rodgers, Sophomores.

The ﬁrst assembly will be called
to order Friday of next week at 10
am. in Page Auditorium by the new
Student Association Ofﬁcers.
Charles Beckwith '55, President, will
preside over the meeting. All as-
semblies are compulsory. A new time
has been set aside by the adminis-
tration making it possible for all
students to be free at 10 can. on
Friday. A similar time has been set
aside on Tuesday at 10 am. for
class meetings.

Girls To Tryout
For Cheerleading

All girls interested in trying out
for checrleading are requested to
meet with Iggy Konianowski, inan-
uger of the squad, Wednesday at
7:30 pm. in the lower lounge of
Brubacher. At that time, Iggy will
announce the dates and times of
practice sessions and explain the
system used 111 choosing the squad,
No previous experience in cheering
is necessary; any girl is eligible to
try out. Former members of the
squad are rciniindcd that they must
audition again.

The cheerleadng squad is com—
poscd of nine girls chosen by No-
vember for the basketball season.
Ncw uniforms of purple corduroy
and gold satin were purchased last
year and add to the peppy ap-
pcarancc of the squad.

Girls who want to gain experi-
ence in cheering but do not want
to try out for the varsity squad are
urged to come out. WAA credit is
given for 10 hours.

Presidents Schedule
First Class Meetings

Both the Sophomore and Junior
classes have scheduled class iiich-
lugs for next week.

A cabinet meeting, consisting of
the Sophomore class officers, will
meet Monday at 7:30 in Brubnchcr
At this meeting lhc officers will
plan activities for the your and dis
cuss rivalry.

Tuesday morning at 10 um. a
mccilng of tho Sophomore class
will take place in Richardson 20,
states Bruno Rodgers '57, class pre-
sidcht. Nominations for various rl—
vclry committee heads Will take
plucc and the existing committee
chairman will issue their reports.

'Flic Junior Class is holding a
l‘i'Dlllf'i‘llli‘lll election for Vice-Pres-
ldciit ’I‘ucsdny at 10 “JD. at Pugc
l-lull. Also Junior Prom committccs
will be appointed reports Mnrjurlc
Kcllclicr ‘56, Junior class president.

bol, Coordinator of Field Services.

The State Department of Public

Works recently let bids covering all phases of its construction.
The new addition will be three stories in height and will present

a solid front on Washington Avenue from Draper Hall to Milne

School. The architecture of the new addition will be similar to that

of the other buildings.

The basement of the ncw edifice will be used primarily to house

a new heating plant. During the

construction period a temporary

heating plant will be built on the ground. It is hoped that the new
building will be ready for occupancy next fall, states Sabol.

 

ammuniwa

 

Dear Editor:

I would like to bring to the at-
tention of everyone a question that
conccrns us all. How can the Com-
pulsory Insurance Policy be chang-
ed without being brought to the
attention of the student body and
voted on in assembly? In previous
years Art Kapner has come before
the assembly to explain the policy
and then it was voted on. So how
can they suddenly change the poli-
cy during the summer, leaving it
compulsory. without our consent.

It seems to me that the new pc-
licy gives us very little. The most
important part of the policy, I. feel,
was taken out and it was lowered
$1.72 to justify, I suppose, this
withdraw]. The part I mean was
entitled Prescribed Medication, and
I quote . . . “All prescriptions (these
must appear on a drug store's bill~
head in order to be eligible for
benefit payment) only when ordered
by a doctor and when required for
an illness or accident which is cov-
ered under this policy will be paid
in full, subject to the aggregate lim-
1 ..

This is the part that I believe is
the most worth while. Most students
never require the other benefits,
or only a small number. if the in-
surance company felt they were
losing, or not making enough money
on our policies bccnusc of this clause
—-r—l)l’0l)ill)l‘\' the beneficial —-»— why
didn‘t they bring it before the stud-
cni. body and arrange a way to iii-
cludc it even if it would boost the
price of the policy.

So lll closing I would like to know
what can be done to correct this.
Can't this be correctcd by the stu-
dent body. as I feel we are being
taken advantage of.

El'ncst Tc Bordo

Frosli Orientation
Will Begin Tuesday

The first meeting of Frcslmnin
Orientation classes will be on Tucs-
duy, at 10 am. in Page Auditoriimi,
reports Dr. David Hiu'llcy, Dean of
Mcn.

The purpose of tlic orientation
classes is to aid incoming students
in adjusting to college life. The
program is aided by members for
most of the meetings the class will
bc dividcd into groups where the
following topics. among others.
will be discussed: iicudcuilc pro—
grams and regulations, study tech-
niques, introduction to lhc tciicliing
profession. the sorority-friilcrnliy
qucstlon. and extra-currlcular iic—
Ilvitics.

i

fill.

 

ART K

75 State Street

 

 

 

 

"YOUR STATE INSURANCE MAN”
ALL TYPES of INSURANCE

5~147l

APNEB

Albany, N. Y.

In addition to the heating plant
the T-shaped building will house
class rooms, extended dramatic fa-
cilities, additional facilities for the
music department, and expanded
space for teaching and clinical work
in the audio-visual filed.

Dressing rooms, a stage workshop.
and rehearsal rooms will be attached
to the present stage in Draper Hall
to extend facilities for the dramat-
ics department. The new facilities
will also be used during the pro-
ductions of the summer arena pro-
gram.

Included among the expanded fa-
cilities of the music department will
be a large rehearsal room, individual
practice rooms, instrument storage
space, and a music library.

Sound studios and a control room
will serve dual purposes, speech cor-
rcction and practical experience for
radio and television activities among
lhc student body. Thus with the ad~
(iiiion of n Developmental Reading
Clinic and the present clinic serv-
ice to schools in the area as well
as to individual students the col-
lege will be extended. Plans call
also for the development later of a
hearing clinic.

The new edifice which will be
called Richardson Annex will also
house faculty offices and several
general classrooms.

Organizations
To Report News

All campus org'ﬁanizations, espe-
cially fraternities and sororities are
rcqucsicd to assume the responsi-
bility of turning in their news for
the State (‘ollegc News on or before
Wednesday noon. This news may be
left in thc News mailbox in lower
Draper, the Publication Ofﬁce in
Brubnchcr, or be given to Ronald
Lackey ‘55, Editor.

This request is made due to the
fact that lhc News staff is prescnt~
ly not sufficiently large to com-
plclcly contact all college groups.
Campus organimtlons are asked to
coopcralc with this new plan by
Lackey.

 

THE
HAGUE
STUDlO

“Portrait At Its Finest"
s s

HOLLYWOOD COMES

E A S 'l‘ ’l‘ O 'l‘ A K E
YOUR PORTRAIT
~ s

OPEN 0:00 to 5:30 DAILY
Evenings by appointment
011 MADISON AVENUE

TELEPHONE 4-0017

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

