 

 

 

 

 

 

 

PAC! 8

Constitutional Amendments . . .

This week, Myskania will present two
proposed amendments to the Student Asso-
ciation Constitution. The proposed amend-
ments are: no, class president may serve
two consecutive terms in office; no member
of Myskania, excepting the Senior class
president, may concurrently be a repre-
sentative to Student Council.

The first of these amendments may very
likely offer a solution to a problem that is
a part of the general apathetic inertia in-
dulged in too consistently at State, that of
limiting the quantitative participation in
student government and narrowing the
field of acceptable candidates in the Senior
class. There is certainly more than one
interested and capable person in each class
to serve as president. Nothing would stop
the disqualified ex-presidents from running
for other school offices, thereby broadening
the range of experience of these candidates.
We should also consider the moot question
of having a fresh outlook every year, and
possibly an augmented “hard core” of class
workers that includes the contacts of each
new president. We are not advocating
simply change for the sake of change, but
rather change for the sake of better stu-
dent leadership and participation. Student
Council wisely voted unanimously to en-
dorse this amendment. We hope that Stu-
dent Association considers this proposal
thoroughly and votes for the best interest
of our government.

The second amendment, although sound
and desirable in theory, raises an ever-
present question when brought to the prac-
tical level: are there four members of the
Senior class who are not members of Mys-
kania and are interested enough in student
government to run for such a responsible
office as Student Council along with all the
other time—consuming details that come
with being a Senior? The fact that only
one candidate ran in the last Council re-
placement election may represent a nega—
tive answer to this question. However, this
does not necessarily follow.

Any Senior who runs for such an office,
we believe, must have a sincere and vital
interest in student government. Certainly
it would not appeal to “office seekers” or
students with selfish motives. The fact
that Myskania members are not eligible
may encourage otherwise adamant SA
members to seek the office. Under this new
amendment, Senior Student Council elec-
tion may prove to be one election that is
in no way a popularity poll. Almost half the
Seniorclass seems to run for Myskania; only
thirteen can be chosen. Out of the remain-
ing mob scene, we are sure that four capa-
ble and altruistic candidates can be found.

 

STATE COLLEG E NEWS

IITAILIOHID MAY TOII

IY THI CLAII OF lIII

 

Mcdalist CSPA
VOL. XXXVIII

Members of the NEWS stall may be reached Tuesday and
Wednesday from 7 to 11 pm at 2-31i2ti, Ext. ii l’iioncs
lttibcn. 12-33150, A‘villlt'ltl, Ii»fi’ilili l'Iltlrcti and lining. Jr'ilillf
Fiurtcs, :i-iiliilti

First Place APC
P‘t‘ln‘llili‘j‘ 19, 195-1 No 1.3

The undergraduate fluwapapcr of the New York State
College for Teachers: published ovary Friday of the College
year by the NEWS Board for the Student Association.

EVELYN RUBEN - - - - - - - - ldlior-in-Chiot
IRENE ELQILED - - - - Co-Munazinu Editor
SALLY GEEK} - - - (lo-Managing Editor

roroa warns - - - - - - - 'l;llll -

‘3'ng MABHOMN - I _ _ I I - 'II 0 Relation: Editor
I T AHIIFIELD - - - - - - - - ti on: Edlto
MABEL SOIIWEIZER - Buainoau-Advortiuir'ilx Manage:
WILLARD REITZ - - - - - - - - - - Annotate Editor

Circulation Editor

 

All communications should in: addressed to the editor anti
tnuut be signed. Names will be withheld upon request.
The Bi‘A’i‘lﬂ COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility
(or opinions expressed In its columns or couiinuuiowtiona
no such expreeaone do not iiccoaiiurlly refit-ct its view.

WM

 

 

STAT! COLLIGI NIWS. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 19. 1954

 

 

 sesame am Sia'

 

 

7/“ gums a] 4014 Mada:

By CYRIL ALBERGA ’56

Folkmusic. The majority of the
population says, “That's what that
guy Burl Ives sings, isn't it? Like
that silly song about the tailor and
the mouse. I don’t think much of
that stuff!"

Mr. Majority of pop then walks
over to the nearest jukebox, slips
in his money and goes into ecstasy
over Patti Page sighing “Who's
goin‘ shoe my pretty little foot—”

Whoa. Let's back-track. Almost
one hundred and fifty years ago a
young woman in Kentucky was
singing of her lover who had gone
oﬁ.’ to the War of 1812 “—and who
will shoe my foot, and who will
glove my hand—" and even fur-
ther back to a Scottish lass on the

shores of Loch Royal sang "Who
will shoe my fair foot, and who
will glove my han'?"

So Mr. Majority of pop doesn't
like Folkmusic?

How did F'olkmusic start? The

 

QWM

 

Eiiiroa‘s Nora: This lcllr'r ll‘llN rc-
(‘I‘ll‘l'd by yours truly itiidcr l'r'i‘i/
nti/sIru'ious circaiiislmiccs. ch will
lulrc lllis opportunin Io upoloyl‘J'
In both Mr. Crumb lllltl Mr. Luiiig
_/or our gross Ul‘l'l‘.\'l_l/lll.

To The Editor:

I noted in the News dtttcd Fcb—
rnary flftli. that one of your col-
umns, I think it was "One on the
Aislc." was signed by Fritz Crumb.
i have bccn associated with Mr.
Crumb for a number of years, and
unlcss lic wrote that bit in his
sleep, I don‘t think you ought to
call it his work. I don't mean by
that lust statcmcnt. to imply that
thc column was not. good . . . far
from it. it. was vcry wcll writtcn.
liowcvcr, I thought I dctcctcd sev-
eral tricks of style that, while nicc-
1y hundlcd, arc not thc sort of
writing that Mr. Crumb employs.
Could it. bc that one of tho staif
was aslccp at the helm tlic wcck
oi the fifth, and lot sonic onc. clsc's
copy go thru tindcr thc Crumb by-
linc'.J

i trust the latcr is tlic cnsc, lic-
cuusc if it isn't, wc arc prcparcd
to sut- for almost anything you can
munc. i will takc this opportunity
to remind you that. there are rather
strict laws in this country about
stcatmg. cvon names!

'l‘rusting that you will take all
tiic ili‘t‘l‘hhlii'j’ stcps to scc that this
cri‘or is corrcctctl, and thanking
you for all \‘our kindncss in flit!
post, 1 licg lo rcmuin your (lcvotcd
sci'Vuiit,

ll. llaveacare K rummby

question is the same as when did
music start. Before a system of no-
tation was developed, any piece of
music that lasted for any length
of time after its composer died was
folk music. When notation devel-
oped, Folkmusic retreated to the
“Ignorant.” Ignorant in that they
could not write, but far from ig-
norant in their use of music. And
among these people the modal, and
“odd” scales remained, giving to
their music its individual, even
modernistic, touch.

Today the study and collection of
Folkmusic is on the upswing. You
can ﬁnd song groups, that meet
frequently, in almost any part of
the country. Groups in which from
one or two, to as many as one-third
of the members play guitars or
banjos. Groups which mimeograph
their own sets of “song sheets," or
sets of words. Each group has at
least one person, not necessarily
the organizer, who can always be
counted on to sing a new song or at
least a new version of one of the
"old standbys" 10110 of the attri-
butes of Folkmusic is the existence
of as many as hundreds of variants
to nlmost all thc songsi Surpris-
ingly enough to outsiders, the main
pnrposc of those groups is not to
do purc rcscnrch. but rather to en-
joy thcmsclvcs, with tho research
as simply it method to broaden the
scopc of their onjoymciit.

Why this upswing? i am not
qualiticd to bc definite, but I have
ccrtuin idcus which I will present.
to you for consideration. There has
always been a small group of per—
sons who have been intensely 1n-
tcrcstcd in this field. Now, with the
technological advances in rccording
devices. the possibility of accurate
collecting of thc iiiodnl and un-
cqual scalc tuncs and the correct
"incorrect" pronunciation sonic-
tiincs ucccssury to fit the words to
thc tunc or tlic mood, is grcutiy in-
ct'cuscd. 'I‘lic bcst cxumplc I can
think of now is llic. usc of “wool-
ing" for waiting in ortlcr to rhyme
it. with "meeting." This increase in
tlic mnnbcr of songs available to
thc gcncral public, as wcll as tho
incrciist- in accuracy of songs in
collcctions lius ultrttctcd ii goodly
munbcr of people into the tlcld.
bcr of cxamplcs "ilouliiig‘ around"
’l‘licn, again, with this larger num-
morc pcoplc. who, otlicrwisc. would
lltht‘ rcmaincd blissfully ignorant
of this rnuniu, hnvc conic in con-
tttct with li‘olkmuslc, and lntvc bccn
"bittcn by tho bug.“ Anti it mania
it is. ’i‘hc addict is happy only whcn
tic is within rcacli of a song group,
and in his glory when there is a
good library iicurby wlicro llt‘ cttii
spcnd his timc pcrusing thc stacks
for u now gcm io surprisc the group
With ncxt tlmc.

1"Ulkillllhlil. What's that? 1
it's fun. How about you?

think

 

 

Gama-314144

By HOPKINS and COOPER

SAPIENTIA NON SUA . . .
—Old Etruscan Ballad

In Assembly today, Myskanla will present two
amendments to the Constitution concerning election
to office which it would like to see S.A. adopt. They.
are designed to increase participation in student g0v.
erniment, and we’re in favor of every effort in that
direction. In addition to making positions of leader-
ship available to more people, one of the amendments
works toward the separation of the legislative and
judicial branches of student government. The over—
lapping of powers and duties among the separate
branches of government is one of the biggest defect:
in our Constitution. If adopted, this will be a def-v
initely constructive move.

EL LIBRO DE MI TIA ESTA EN LA MESA
~Cervanteo

 

Are you crammed for space for your books? Would
you like an extra cabinet in which to store your Vftl‘Un
ables? We‘ve found the answer——there are thirty
empty shelves and six spacious cabinets in the Upper
Lounge in Bru. Perhaps a small rental fee paid to
Student Union Board . . . ?

CE N'EST PAS A FAIRE, MES ENFANTS
—Voltaire

We hate to keep harping on the immaturity being
shown around the college, but we do see constant
examples of such behavior. Our cafeteria may not
be the most modern, but it deserves better treatment
than it has been getting. Its walls were repainted
last year, but dissatisfied artistic and literary genh
have been adding new frescoes. Such displays of
talent are bad enough in public rest rooms, but they
are sickening in a college cafeteria.

WAS FUR EIN ALLERVERDAMMTER HUND?
—Goethe

We have often had a suspicion that State COUCQP
is going to the dogs, but now it seems that the dogs.
are going to State College. Many classes this week
were visited by inquisitive canines in search of higher
education, and many a professor was surprised to
find that his most attentive student was an earnest-
eyed collie or beagle. We like to see new blood in
the field of education, and if this represents a new
trend, we welcome it. We do worry, however. about
the little mongrel who was last seen trotting toward
the zoology labs. Come, come, zoo majors, it‘s hardly
cricket to practice on guests.

‘tlllll., NADA, RIEN, NIGHT
—-Anon

Sorority rushing is over. Fraternity bidding anti
State Fair are still over the horizon. We, the pcoplc
of State College, find ourselves in the midst of a
period when nothing, but nothing, is happening. This.
of course. is restful, but what are your humble author:
supposed to use for news? It looks as though we will
have to create our own scandals. It's too late to
procure exams illegally. Maybe an exciting mu
murder . . . ?

IN llO(.‘ SIGNO . . .
~—Marcus Aurelius
In case you haven't heard about the annual Winn-r-

lude which we are planning on having lost Dcccmbcr
thch is a sign in the Commons to tell you all about. it

ALLO, ALLO!
errFrcnch National Tclcphonc Co.

Roscrvations are now being taken for those pcopic
who wish to place a phone call to or from Brubacher
Thosc boys who wish to call their i'cmmcs at the bit!
dorm, should sign the list three weeks in advance.

QUESTION DE LA SEMAINE

Where will it. all end?

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 10

12:00 noon SC’I‘ News Meeting, Drnpt-r 301.
Cuntcrbnry Club Meeting, Di‘upt't' 111.
State Oral Exams in Drapcr :ltit).
Buskctbull Gunic, STATE Vs, ()swt-go
Jukc Box Dance, Student Union.

Phi Delta ()pcn i-Iousc.

Psi (lilillllllil Open Housc.

SATURDAY. FEBRUARY 20
0 pm -1 arm. Pottci' Rush Party, "Club :37."

1:00 pm.
7:00 pm.
9-12 p.111.

Sl'NlMY. FEBRUARY 21
3:00 pm. SUB "Listcning Hour,"
Loungc.
Kappa Bciu ()pcn ilousc, ~i7l thtc Hll‘t‘l‘l
’l‘l'Ets'liAY. FEBRUARY 2:1
12:00 noon Sophomore Class Mcctiiig, Draper ll-lil.
SCA Chupcl, installation of Ol'iiccrs, Park
Unitcd Prcsbytcrltin Church.
Al) Play.

Brubaclicr Uppcr

15:30 l).ill.

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 2‘

0:00 pin. Govcrnmcut itcvlsion (.‘ommittco Mcctinti.
(iovcriunont Room. Brubitclicr.

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 25

3:30 pm. Forum Puncl Discussion, l)l'ti|)t'i' 349.

7:00 pm Cuntcrbury Club Pizza Party, St. Andrew’s
Church.

CAGES FACE osweoo TONIGHT

ESTATE COLLEGE NIWS. FRIDAY. ‘FIIRUARY‘ TO. 1034

 

State Wrestlers
Beat Mass. Clul);
Take On R.P.l.

Tomorrow afternoon, the State
grapplers will be hoping to con-
tinue their mastery of the wrestling
game when they take on the RPI
mntmen. The match is scheduled
for 2 pm. in the Milne Gym, or
Page Hall.

On Tuesday, Coach Garcia's men
gained an impressive 28-15 decision
over Darrow Prep in the Mass. com-
munity. State was represented by
9 men and 6 of them came away
victorious.

The results found “Rebel” Hock-
muth at 132 pounds pinning his
opponent. Konrad Tischer, weigh-
130, also pinned his man. Phil Bil-
lings, a recent returnee to State,
was pinner by Winsor of Darrow.
Phil is in the 137 weight division.
Ray Wolfe, 147, was involved in the
only decision of the day and won it.
LeRoy Negus. 157, was a forfeit
winner when his opponent was
forced to give up.

Goldberg. Button Pin Opponents

In the heavier classes, Dave Gold-
berg, 167, pinned his man, while
Horace Crandell at 177 was a victim
of a pin in his match. Ben Button
joined in the pinning parade of the
afternoon with a pin of his oppo-
nent. Ben weighed 191 pounds. In
the unlimited heavyweight division,
Marty Eagan didn't fair so well,
being pinned by his Darrow oppo-
nent.

Wrestling scoring is based on 5
points for a pin or a forfeit and 3
points for a decision.

In the first meet of the season
the statesmen garnered an easy 30-7
victory over the Paul Smith's aggre—
gation from up North.

Table Tennis Athletes

To Enter Tournament

Competitors in the number one
sport at Brubachcr»—ping-pong, will
have a chalice to see just how good
they are when the table tennis tour-
nament gets underway within a
couple of weeks.

The tournament, which will have
both a singlcs champion and doubles
champion, is open to all State stu-
dents. Anyone wishing to enter
should contact Dave Stark or sign
tip on the M.A.A. bulletin board.
Dave states that. he would like to
have all entrics by next Thursday
or Friday at tho lutcst.

New Varsity ’S’ Club
Ralilies Consiiiuilon

At a rcccnt meeting of ilic Vur-
suv  Club, u new constitution
was drawn up and ratified. Stops
arc now being takcn to draw tip a
clinrtci' for thc organization of ii
swcntcr commillcc whilc a jazz con-
ccrt. commiticc was sct. tip. The
ittzz concert will bc lu-ld to raise
fluids for sweatcrs for Varsity 
(‘lub members.

Prcsldcnt John Contra also illi-
nounccd thc following comniittccs:
Programs, Don Lcln. chairman, Al
Rocklcin, Al licdcrinun; Athlctic

C‘ommittcc. Bob Drchcr, chairman.

John Zidik, Wuync Ovcrton; Jit-
dlciui'y Committcc, Bob Sngc, chair-
man, "Rcbcl" Hockmnth. Ev Wcir-
mullcr; Publicity Committcc, .iohn
Allnslo, chairman. ’l‘ito(’ltigliolmonc,
Diivc McKay.

Rloe Bldg.
lt‘ine Dry (‘lcaning‘

'l‘el. il2-ll52 208 Quail St.

 

 

Felicia’s

Beauty Salon

53-A No. Lake Ave.
(Near Washington Ave.)
"JIMMY"—Hair Stylist

 

Telephone 3-9749

 

 

 

CHECK YOUR RlGHTi—As State's Cheerleaders go into action, lined
up left to right: Delcye Ferguson. Mary Lou Fink, Phyllis Roberts, Peggy
Williams, Angie Kavanaugh (Capt), Sandy Young, Ann Bianca. Jane
lde, and Bev. Wylam.

 

Cheerleaders Are Concluding
Season And Merit Recognition

 

This year State‘s basketball team 
boasted nine cheerleaders. And boast addition to the neat
is right, for these nine girls present presented by the girls. For the first
a snappy appearance as they take time in several years, the cheer-
over the court during quarters, leaders accompanied the team on
halves anti time-outs of the games. the trip to Little Falls, where State
Watching these cheerleaders in ac- played Utica. This does not follow
tion. few spectators realize the ef- the past policy of leaving the girls
fort that goes into producing it behind as the team takes its longer
coordinated squad. trips.

Freshmen .loin Squad As the season closes, the girls can

Starting in September, practices look back on a job well done. Their
are held for tryouts. Under the energetic participation at the games
supervision of cheerleaders of last helped to arouse interest and create
year's squad. the girls learn the school spirit, To them, a. vote of
State cheers and accompanying 1110- thanks.
tions. Individual ways of cheering
brought from high school inust be
changed and the traditional State State K¢9l¢f3 Score
style learned. Frosh girls have to .
put in at least ten hours of practice Against  Squad
to be eligible to try out in late Oc-
tober. From the tryotits this fall, In a. return match play Tuesday
fotir freshmen were added to the Night f1 hand DiCde gl‘UulJ 0f Slate's
squad. These girls, Mary Lou Fink, bcst bowlers again defeated the keg-
Phyllis Robcrts, Peggy Willinins and 1131's from Albany Bil-9111055 0.011880-
Bcv Wylan, joined Delcye Ferguson, The P061 keglel's Wem ill} “1011213855
Janc Ide and Sandy Young, Sopho— us four men went over the 500 Circle.
mores, Aim Binno and Angie Knv- Duran Tops State Bowlers
anugh, Juniors. to fill in the squad. Joe Dumn, u mighty man in
T110 Hill-i 010mm Angie Kuvmmsh Statc‘s bowling circles, led thc pu-
ns contain. ratio with 203-189-186 for n 578

Squads Merge triple. John Zidik came through

Socccr scuson found tlic girls lctid- With the hill“ $1113.10. 333. {I'lld 0111110
ing thc crowd and following the within 3 pins 01 .DUX'IHIS “11310;
tcani dcspitc the cold and often wet Walt Rl‘thI”S 545 illit'ludltiii il ‘200
wcuthcr. As basketball season rolled SillBlC’ W115 third DCSLI- Th“ ‘01“
around. it was decided to reform iii'O.” Tm.“ Shlimllllﬁkl. Si’lli‘ “‘0
the squads by eliminating the junior maplcs with a 020 and Bill Small
varsity cliccrlcadcrs and combining rounded out thc team S st'iii'ilit', with
tho two squqnds. The nine checr- a 474 thirty-“71111.0 l‘illll’l- V \
lcndcrs chccr for the varsity game ABC conic wtthin 1011111301 built“
and break up into smaller groups in thc first contcst, wcrc bcatcn
which take turns cliccring for the 972 to 074 in thc second tilt, and
junior varsity game. ended tip on the shortncnd of a

Highlighting thc scason wcrc thc 907 to 773 tally 111' the iinnlc.
ncw uniforms purchased with moncy in total pinntigc it was thc'tcii'c‘ly-
uppropriuicd by Student. Associit- crs' 2691 to thc businessmoirs €23).
tion. Thcsc pnrplc corduroy uni- ABC was lcd by Cromptons 103-
t‘orms arc a wclconic and attractive 103-1857 7551.

appea rance

-—-—-—_

Who’s in the kitchen
Why, Marilyn Wittschen!

at the Snack Bar - that’s whar.

 

 

A R T K A P N E R
"YOUR .Svf'xi'l'li INSURANCE MAN"
ALL TYPES of lNSURANCE

75 State Street 5-1471 Albany, N. Y.

 

PAH." O

A

Skein Boosted By Sensational“ 

Victory Over New Haven 

In the light of the proverb, “It takes the champions to
win the close ones,” last week’s State victory over New
Haven in an overtime classic gave rise to the fact that the
Fed hoopers are of championship specifications. Tonight
the champs of purple and old Will face what should prove
to be one of their severest ests as they clash with a “dark

horse,” Oswego State Five.

This eve’s tilt should be of

added interest due to the Oswegans’ ill regard for cham-

 

Krobs, Apaches,
Rousers Tie For

IM Bowling Lead

In the Upstairs bowling league
this week a three-way tie for first
place was brought about as a result
of the Apaches' shutout over the
Krabs and the Rousers’ triumph
over Potter Club.

The Apaches, led by Cardello's
423 triple and Polito's 201 single,
shut out the Krabs in total pins—
2127 to 1902.

Potter Club was beaten in the
first two games but managed to
take the last by 7 pins—their second
win of the old season. Sapko had
144-167-141——452 for the Rousers.

In the league's other match Col-
lege Heights turned back Vanderzee
3 to 1. The Vanderzeemen's best
effort came in the second game as
they won by '7 pins. Bordmen made
it a one-man show as he rolled a
178-156-173 for 507 triple for the
winners.

Zidik Hits 547

In the faster Cannon Bali League,
Jack Zidik came up with the after-
noon's best showing as he turned
in a 547 triple. His games of
191-177-179 went in vain however
as the Sayles keglers bowled over
SLS 3 to l. The men from Partridge
Street nosed out the frat men in
total pinnuge by a mere three pins,
2282-2279. Tom Shumanski, whose
bowling is consistently tops, anti
Bob Hughes backed up Zidik with
497 and 487 triples, respectively. The
Suyles bowlers, who were spotted 77
pins, were led by Crowdcr's 481.
Theobold added 478.

Swierzowskl‘s 207 Best

In the other match, Hilltops bowl-
crs tied APA 2—2. Given a ll4-pin
handicap, the Hilltoppcrs won the
first game btit found themselves
iioscd out in the second. APA won
thc last but had to concede to-
tal pinnagc~—2244-2222. Joc Duran
turncd in another fine performance
with n 488 tripplc. Sinklcdnm
traich Duran closely, ending up
with a 474 triple, including :i 194
tcn—frumc tally.

Tho dny‘s second bcsi triple was
turned in by the Hilltoppcrs' Joe
Swicrztnvski, who had games of
145-178—207 ~530. His 207 also fig-
urcti in its the day's best single.

pions, proven by their triumph over
the mighty Plattsburg quintet.

Prognostications are of little value
in tonight's fray for many reasons.
Although the opponents hold a
nearly even record they have on
occasions played some highly in-
spiring ball. If the Hathawaymen
choose to play as they recently have,
the victory shohld be theirs. If
they repeat early season perform-
ances the triumph is doubtful. The
Peds’ recent displays have been on
the A-l side but the consistency of
their staging such sprees is to be
doubted.

Oswego Boosted By Brien, Beasley

Topping the Oswego roster are a
pair of classy underclassmen, Bob
Brien and Harold Beasley. Beasley,
a 6' 3" frosh, leads the scoring pa-
rade with a sixteen and a half
point average and maintains a side-
line of backboard control. Bob
Brien, 6' apprentice to Beasley, is
averaging fourteen points per game
and assisting in the rebound de-
partment. In general the western
N. Y. Teachers possess a high grade,
lengthy aggregation capable of pos-
ing a big problem for any comers
but rather inclined to inconsistency
in their good calibre ball.

Last week‘s long- to-be-remembered
win brought to the front many facts.
The Peds‘ array was on the profes-
sional like lines of effective field
shooting nly when the attempt was
almost insured scoring. Some handy
penal stripe tossing too was fea-
tured by the champs. The stunning
clutch performance in the four
overtime periods was through ef-
fective five~man play and keen toss-
ing by Lou Carr and Sig Smith.
Splendid cage work was exhibited
by Smith, whose twenty-five mark-
ers gave him scoring honors, Bill
Walker, whose twenty-three point
performance gave good indication
of his return to former prowess.
and by the regular good games of
McDonald, Centrn and LaRoe.

Juniors llit Win 'l‘rail

Grotifying to see was the recent
t-ncrgcncc of the Fed juniors into
thc scoring column. In the hard-
wood activity the McCormackmcn
prcliminniing last work‘s tlirillcr
turned back the game New Haven
Colts, 60 to 55. Not to be outdone
by tho scnior Pcds, the junior jug-
gernaut staged a squcnker of their
own on Wednesday in their victory
ovcr the Union Frosh. Bruce King
added the finishing touch to the
triumph by sinking a foul i'lip aiter
rcgulnr time to bring the final tally
to Albany 82. Union Frush 81.

 

Dan River

 

 

 

New Patterns in Silk Scarves

CO-OP

ZIPPER JACKETS
Navy and Oyster

5.95

.95

Material

Lovely new Costume Jewelry

1.00 & up

 

 

 

 

