 

 
 
  
 
 
 

 

   
 
 
  
  
   
 
  
 

l
1

. .7» rbw" ‘iumx:wr.~v-vrvw"ruza.m

   
  
 
 
 

 

 

PAGE 2

Fresh . . .

. . . tomorrow you are to meet a member
of long standing at State College, bearing a
sinister-sounding name . . . Tradition. It
is he that dictates that Activities Day fall
on an early Saturday of the school year. In
accord with this, tomorrow is the day pur-
ported to acquaint you with the major
extra-curricular features of our college. A
new innovation this year for you will be the
opportunity to see and hear a representa-
tive from each campus organization on the
Page Hall stage in the morning. Each group
will certainly make its best attempt to sell
itself to you . . . take heed. They are bid-
ding for a very precious individual commod-
ity, which is not in abundance at college . . .
time. Forget the idea, which you may have
carried with you from high school, of hav-
ing a finger in each pie. It just isn’t cut
that way here . . . the element of discretion
is priceless. Your choice should not be
founded on a glory-seeking basis, for in
most campus groups it takes considerable
time, limitless hours, hard work, and an
enduring faith to reach thetop. It would
be a wise move to consult your Handbook,
to refresh your conceptions of the vari-
ous organizations. In this way, you will go
to school tomorrow with a pie-concluded
decision as to which groups represent your
interests. Find the right booth, and sign on
the dotted line.

The herald of Rivalry will appear today
in Assembly, in the form of the Soph debate
challenge to you. Ordinarily you would
have met Rivalry tomorrow also at the
Soph-frosh softball game, but his appear-
ance has been delayed this year by Mys-
kania, due to the home soccer game.

A Sour Grin . . .

Certain energetic students are continu-
ing their endeavor this fall to revive the
Smiles organization, which dropped out of
the picture last year. With the names ob-
tained by posting sign-up sheets just be-
fore school ended last summer, they ap-
proached Student Council Wednesday eve-
ning in an attempt to return under the SA
budget. The result, the election of a chair—
man, who is to assume the burden of re-
organization. Certainly, the work accom-
plished by this group is meritous of support,
both by you and ourselves, so how about
helping to shoulder some of the responsi-
bility involved?

Who’s Who? . . .

Nominations for “Who's Who in Ameri-
can Colleges and Universities" will be held
in Assembly today. Eligibility is limited to
Seniors only, and in this election freshman
ballots are not cast. These twenty-four per-
sons will be our choice of outstanding Sen—
iors deserving recognition on a national
scale, so think and vote accordingly.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

EITAILIIH ID HAY I I I I

IV THE CLAII OF IDII

 

First Place CSPA First Place APC

VOL. XXXVIX October 1. l9;)~i No. .5

Members of the NEWS staff may be reached Tuesday and
Wednesday from 7 to it 1).lll. at 2—3320. Ext. ll. Phones:
Lackey. 3-0377. Rabi-ii ii:~o.37o. Hull. 'Jrfl'i‘ll h'dlciliinnn.
13-3744, Moore, ‘Jdiliﬂti

The undergraduate newspaper oi the New York State
College for Teachers; published every l‘Tidlly of the College
year by the NEWS Board for the Student, Association.

RONALD LACKEY - - - - - - - - - - lidlior-lii-Cliiel
EVELYN RUBEN - - - - - - - - - - Managing Editor
“’ILLARD [11‘2sz - - - - - - Public Relations Editor
ESTHER. GOLDS'I‘EIN - - - - - - Circulation-Exchange
FRANCES MONAIIAN - - - [lumen-Advertising Editor
AILEEN COCHBANE - v - - - - ~ - - Associate Editor
CAROL ANN LUF‘T — - - — - - - - - Aisociate hdltor
JOSEPH SWIEIKZOWSKI - - - - - - - - - - -_ Sports ltdilor
JOANNE MOUIUC v - - ~ - ~ - ‘ - li'ullire l.diior
AllNOlJ) NEWMAN - - - - - ~ - Junior Sports Member
DOROTHY ltAh‘Ml 531:5 - ~ > ~ » v » Junior Sports Member

JOHN KNAI'I' Mil“ l'liiitogi'aplu-r
All communications should be addressed to the editor and
must be sign . Names Will be withheld upon request.
The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no fitSpUllblblllLY for
opinions expressed in its columns or communications, as such
expressions do not necessarily reflect its view.

 

 

‘1

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 1. 1954

Acéiwlie; D

 

 

Famous last words . .

 

. “Naw! I ain't gonna join nottin‘ this year."

 

4m: em

 

Dear Members of Student
Association:

It‘s a real treat to have the op-
portunity to chat with you as a
group in addition to being able to
meet you one by one (as we would
certainly like to d0i. These scatter-

Kepdal Kept/14

By ELIZABETH STE] FELD

 

 

The Palace is offering two top
hits for your movie enjoyment this
weekend. Debbie Reynolds is at her
b€>t as she plays 2i teen-age girl
invading Dick Powell's apartment
in Susan Slept Here. This film co-
stars Anti Francis and is colored by
teclmicolor.

The second feature is I’usliover
dubbed “the year's suspense sensa-
tion" by niovic critics. A story of
human temptation. it stars Fred
MacMiirray. Phil Carey, and intro-
(lures ll new star. Kim Novak.

Chills and thrills are yours as
Frank Sinatra assumes the role of
a savage killer in Suddenly, now
showing at the Strand. If you liked
Sinatra in From Here To Eternity
you're sure to enjoy Suddenly. the
picture sensation of the nation.

To complete the program is The
Yellow Tomahawk starring Rory
Calhoun and Reggie Castle.

Adventure is the word at the
Grand which is now featuring two
exciting color hits. The first is Re-
turn To Treasure Island. an inter-
esting and suspenseful story which
coiill)liic.\ love. treasure hunt. and
sheer brutality. 1n Pathccolor it
stars Tab Hunter and Dawn Atl-
tinnis. Overland Pacific. the second
icaturc. brings the old west to life
on the screen, Jack Mahoncy, Reg—
gie Castle and Adele Jcrgeiis make
for ii good, fast-moving drama.

Playing at the Ritz this week is
Black Horse Canyon, an action-
packed story of wild love. Joel Mc-
Crca and Marie Blanchard are co-
siarring. The second feature is Heat
Wave with Alex Nicol.

For those who ('ill‘i‘ to journey to
the Tiny area, Russell Sage Col-
lcgc is sponmiring the famous Don
Cossack Chorus and Dancers iii-xi
'I‘inirsday. October ’I, in the ’I‘roy
Music l’lllll.

This group was originally oi'guin
i/.c(l iii Cxet‘iiosliiviikiii in 1927 bill
llli.\ been touring the United Sldlt‘m
i-ici‘ since l939. 'l‘licir program in
\ill'l|'(l so .is to be entertaining to
.iil You (tilllll lieiir religious as wcll
.i.» folk music and we rhythmic iinl-
lllil'_\' ioiitincs a.» well as gay. spark-
lllltt dances. The program starts at
8 l5 pm. Tickets range iroin $75 to

$1.50.

ed thoughts are directed toward the
new people on our Campus ithiit‘s
you froshi and the "old faces" as
well «guess the Sophs come in this
category, even though it‘s difficult
to forget you as being freshmen, too.
one short year ilg‘ol. We intend not
to be accused of preaching. but will
merely attempt to give some con-
sti'uctive suggestions and the results
of some serious thinking on our
part about our lives as the outcome
of our sojourn here at Albany State.

College is a fine institution. mak-
ing a definite contribution to our
society and our individual ways of
life. Some authorities theorize that
college years are the most formative
years of a person's adult life. We‘re
not inclined to disagree with this.
although the degree depends on the
individual.

During your college career you
will meet new friends. form new
ideas and philosophies. and under—
go a crystallization of personality
which is the mark oi a mature. well-
integratcd adult. This metamorph-
osis occurs in addition to the acad—
emic achievement which is the par-
amount .ioal of higher education.

We firmly believe that. lot the
most part, you will be w’cll-saiidrml
with our college; \Vt‘ll-mllhllt'tl wiili
aspects curricular and non-curricu-
lill‘; the friends with whom you will
.issociatc. including students. luc-
iilty, and administration; and the
help given lll forming ncw ideas.
You ll‘.l\'i‘ no doubt llt‘ili'll this be-
i‘orc anti will hear u again. but
what you ulliiiiiitcly obtain iroiii
college is primarily your i‘t‘.\|)iill.~ll)ll-
ity Participate in the college acin—
ities, by all int-tins 'l‘licy M‘l‘H‘ ii
worthwhile and essential purpose
here. At ilic Mlllll' llillt‘, iil\\ill:~ cn-
deavor to keep lll'lill_\' ill mind a
clear 1)('i'>l)t'l‘ll\'t‘ oi the lllllltll'lillll'l‘
of iii.iin..iiniiig a 1ii‘opci' balance lic-
tween study and i-xitit-curricular
work

ll )‘iili cull kl'l‘j) llll'.\l‘ lliiilifh‘lilh'
ill iiiind .ind llllikl' your ili'i‘lhltillr.
.li‘l'lil'illll,‘, lo _\oui' own scnsi- of what
is lit-st loi' yoiii' |l\\ll lii'lii'l'illi‘lll, \\l'
tccl sure that you “ill .ii\\’:i,\\ think
in retrospect oi your college career
as being llllltilll.‘, the best years o1
your hlc.

Sincerely.
Neil (‘. lirowii.
Class of lllfrl.

 

Gammon-Slain

By GADD and L0 TRUGLIO
HOW ABOUT . . .
everybody turning out for Activities Day this year?
There are enough organizations on campus to inter—
est everyone iii one way or another. So let‘s see a
big fi'osh turnout tomorrow morning. Let's not get.

 

too activated on Activities Day. consider . . . choose
carefully . . . choosell
Remember. the biggest club on your schedule is

study.
HOW ABOUT . . .

really going all out tomorrow afternoon when OUR
soccer team meets Fordham University on Bever-
wyck Field. The team has dotie their half of the
job by practicing so diligently every afternoon. now
let us do our half of the job by showing them how
much we really appreciate them.

Remember the terrific job they did last. year?
HOW ABOUT . . .

those Seniors. sorority and fraternity members who
haven't signed up for their I'ed pictures getting on
the ball and doing so—tlic tempus is fugiting. And
ieinembcr, when you SIGN UP. SHOW UP. The way
things have been going. We won‘t have any photog—
rapher for Pedagogue 1955!

Flash” Last minute word has it that the photog-
raphei' is leaving tomorrow afternoon.

HOW ABOUT . . .

all of us giving a little thought to the pictures llllil
appeared in last week‘s Newﬁ. Most of us recall the
inconvenience (rinsed by having the Commons and
Game Room closed last year.

Remember. these rooms are for ()UR use :1ll(l WE
are responsible for their appearance . . . ‘.\'(‘ think 1|
word to the wise is sufficient.

HOW ABOI'T . . .

giving ii big thank—yon to all who worked on ilic
President's Reception and also to all the lilt'llllV and
students who attended.
110W ABOI‘T . . .

lllUnt‘ people having legitimate excuses for asst-ni—
bly absences handing then in soon.

Remember. the deadline is Octobcr ll. Attendant-c
is not compulsory for Seniors.

HOW ABOl'T . . .

looking for lltill('l'\ that will soon be up throughout
the halls in school. that will tell you when to pick
up your S.A.C. iSTUDEN’I‘ ACTIVITY CARI)» lll
Draper Rotunda.

Freshmen will not be able to pick up their SAC
until a week after llppt‘l't’lihhilll‘ii receive their.»
HOW ABOI'T . . .

the new check-out system that MAA finally adopted
for their equipment. ’Ioo bad that this system wasn't
in use before. So that much of Student .-\s\oci:iiion'.~
money coiiid have been saved.

Here's hoping they stick with it.

NOW ABOI'T . . .

all our lii‘vtkiiiig young writers tiii'iiiiu: in >1'l'llil‘~
lo the All College Revue Committee. ’l‘hc>c kids .m-
rciidy and willing to put on ll lJltl show biit they can}
do it if they haven't got the material to work with
HOW .‘\B()l"l‘ . . .

bringing your gripes and :‘ligul‘slltills lil;.illl >llliit‘l.l
govciiiiiieni to tile Better (lovcrnmcni Coniiniiicc
‘l‘hcv have ll big job ahead o1 them and nccd hclp
llll the way. Let's remember we are all a part of Static
College and lime as much any in government oil‘an \
in the next person. So don't licsilzilc to bring _\iilll
l(ii';i.~ to them.

HOW ABOl‘T . . .

trotting over to the Commons in lilt'lltll'tixiill it
least nine a day and checking your >lllill‘lil lli:ill
This j.eiii'. the mail i)ii.\'l‘.\ >ceiii .nioi'c cliiiii'rcd llliili
cvcr. despite the fact that we‘re been in school onli
three weeks. If 51‘.‘ill: ili:ii some of the iii.iil llil.\ lii-ci.
ilicrc since ilic first day of school. l.ct'.» gct i)ii>_\ .Ii.il
get rid of the out-dated notes.

HOW .\B()l"l‘ . . .

llli‘ ncw "pcrsiiiiiili/i-d" straw \\'l':lll]ll‘l’x [itilllil lli llii‘
s‘nzick Bur pretty nifty. ll'i'wl cc pas'.’

mini-one getting that llllll'ill l'l‘llillllll'.l on llii' \\.il.
in back of the [fill in lllt‘ Snack liar . . . iiinik :i'>
l.-.ccn wasliiii oll‘ just long enoi gh . .illll how about
getting iiiltlllli‘l' (il't‘t‘k iniir.il up, too.

kccping close \\‘:lll'll us you take your lilc in ion;
ll.ill(l.\ .‘i'cmiiii: Dorm l"lt'l(l. Yoii‘il liciicr iiiick
l)t'l'.ill.\i' ilio>c :ii'cn'i (‘iipiilk :ll‘l'li\\‘\ incarc ilii
lt'ill iliing'

(il'lih‘TlON til“ ’l‘lllll WICICK . . .

Who will lic l‘:l‘il".\ next week‘s :\\\.iiii \\ii.i.i-i’
Hills «ill in ii. ii!

.\B()l"l‘ ()l ItSI'IlA'l'ZS . . .

We‘re llt'\\ iii llil.\ giiiiii' w iloii'i coizliiw ii» \\‘i it
open to ciiiicisiii. but keep ii t'll‘.ill

 

College Calendar - - -

FRIDAY. ()("I‘OIII'IR I

fill) pin. News h‘laill niccliiizt. I‘tl

S.\'ll'lil).\\‘. ()("l‘Ulil'Zli "

it ill) :i in .‘\l'll\'llli'*\ i):iy. l'.i::i- ll.ill i‘.ilcici..i .’\lilll 

and (lid (‘til.li|iltiil~

llnnncr t‘crciiioiiy i‘oniniiin-

Hoi'i'ci' (hinii- willi l'iil‘ihiiiiii. lii\i~i\\_\i..

Hopliiiiiioic Skit, l':i::c ll.lll .iii.l Siriki

llillll‘l‘ lo lil‘llllilt‘lll'l

ll till pin to l‘J iiiitiiiiitlil lliilltl', lliiilmilii'i

SI‘NIHI'. ()("I‘Ulilili ii

’Iilll pin t‘liziiinnig Discussion. l‘ni1.iii.iii t‘lilihli
\'\"il.\lilll.’,iilll Air-mic

‘l'l'lCHlHI'. ()(‘l‘tilililt .3

i no pin Ht‘A Vt“-]li‘l'i, llllll.lll;tll t‘lniii-ii

Ll llllni (ill lilli 'll) tilll liil Hliilli ('Iilli':‘i' llii.i'll
lli'lllll'l' Illil

'1 .io pm Music (‘oiiin'il Mccinnn lllllil.|ili|‘l

\t'I-Zl)M-.‘.\'li.r\\'. ()("I'Oltl‘llt Ii

‘1 Ill) pin lied (‘i‘onn l\Ii-i-liii::. lllllli.til|l‘l

-l (lll pin Hllilll‘. l\lcclin;:

’l‘lll IISIMI'. (it"l‘tiltllili '1

tion .iin to l llll piii
llllhll'tl llinilli

lllll") tlii p lll l).\'l\ 1\|l|li.ilc~. licccpliiin. lliiili.ii lici

'1 Lil) pin "Kiiiiici.nlnclinll." ilALl-lil, Si‘A .\lt'i".ill;‘.
llriiliiiciii-i'. lVi‘i" Mei-ling. lllllli.iillt‘l

1‘.’ ill) pin
‘3 (ill pin
7 ll.‘ pni

."\li:»i'iilci- \‘riliii: li>.\ii

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 1. 1954

   

   

PAGE 8

 

Tuchchlacemcnt Alums To Borrow Wheelchairs Gnng  Elgcitons;
Bureau Releases ToHohbleTo Happy Homecoming Initiate New Mamba“

New Positions

'54 Graduates Teach
'Throughout The State

The Teacher Placement Bureau
has announced the following place-
ments: Herbert Thier, MA ‘54, Mai-
vcrne, Science; Eli Balliii, M50 '54,
Kingston, Commerce; Walter Led-
dy, MSC '54, ABC. Albany. Coin—
nierce; Robert Sawyer, BSC ‘54,
Haverstraw. Commerce; Kenneth
Bui'tch, MA ’54. Mineville. SS; Wil—
liam Mac Devitt, MA '54. Floral
Park. English; Richard Meyer, MA
'54, Mnlvcrnc HS, SS Jr. Hi; Rita
Rosinus, MA ‘54. Pliocnis C.S., Math;
Eleanor Balskis, BA ’54, Pt. Wash.
Jr, Hi, Jr. Hi Math; Alice MﬂSllOlilll,
BS ’54, Potsdam STC. Science; Paul
Carter, MA '51, Northville. Math;
Mary Fitzgerald. BSLS '50. Albany
Library for the Blind, Library; Jen-
nie Bono, MA '54. Pt. Washington;
Margaret Giunan, BA ‘54. Bainbridge
C.S., Math; Dorothy DeCicco, MA
'53; Florence Parks. BSC '51, Kn-
tonc HS. Commerce; Elizabeth Brig-
ncll, BA '48, Hei'ricks New Hyde
Park, Jr, Hi English; Edward La-
Rochellc, BS ‘51, Albany Boys’ Ac-
ademy, Jr. Hi Math; Gordon Kilts.
MA '53, St. Johnsvillc, Science-
Miiih; Richard Greening, MA ‘54.
Hannibal C.S.. English; Robert
Ward, MA ‘54, Biiiiibi'idgc 0.8.,
English; Joseph Keefe. BA ’50. UilCil
T.B. Hosp, English; James Slnirkcy,
MS ‘50, Guilderlzind; Richard Ad-
llCll, BA ‘53, Rouscs Point. La-Fr.;
Robert Hicks. Grad  Elnora SS-A.
His; Edith Hurley. BSC '51. Hari-
ford. Coiiii., Ass‘i. Lib; Louise Biilx.
BS '53, Wuppingers Frills; Rita
Duly. BA 514. Frankfort. English;
[Nana Niciu. BA '53. Fonda. Science:
Joan Hartman. AB ‘54. llciivclton
CS, SS; LcRoy Cobiirn. MA '51,
Hoosick Falls, Guidance; Mary B.
Sica, MA ’54, ABC. Albany, Coin-

(Continued on Page 1,, Colman 21

  
 
 
 
 
  
     
   
   
   
   
 
   
  
  
 
 
       
 
   
       
 
    
           

 
  
  
 
 

 

  
   
     
   

Several years 0.30,
l Found out: Camels have
the Most delighlpnl
Hat/or and wildness OP

cit/Ly Cigarettele
Chin/Leis and you’ll be
as enthusiastic as l l

By WILL BEITZ

During the weekend of October
15, two weeks from today, State‘s
old grads will come dragging back
to Alma Mammy for the. second an-
nual Homecoming Weekend. Special
invitations are being sent to the
grads of ‘52, '53, and ‘54. Older Al-
umni, however. will certainly be
welcomed back to Minerva's arms.

Among the sparkling events plan-
ned to provide a bodacious and uno-
tivatlng weekend. are a dance, a
soccer game, and a. concert.

An added incentive for the hard-
ened teachers to show up Albany.
the jewel on the Hudson. on this
particular date. is the fact that the
Eastern Zone Tcachers‘ Conference
is coming off at the same time.

Mai-y Brczny ’56 is in charge of
the whole shebang'. and has commit—
tees working on all aspects of the
venture. Nearly every minute is

Campus Commission
Appoints Marshal

Campus Commission elected and
appointed new officers and commit-
icc chairmen this week. Elizabeth
Becker '55 was elected Grand Mar—
shal of the Commission. Tuesday.

The following Committee. Chair-
men were appointed to serve in the
Campus Coiniinission regulated areas
in school: Lost and Found. Judy
Wilcii ’56. and Sheila Strongin ‘57;
Assembly. Sandra Brill ‘57; Posters.
Merton Hess mid Richard Anderson.
Sophomores; Commons. Paul Lewis
'57. and Carol Sanders ‘56; Draper
Lounge. Barbara Biiliiiski '57; and
Student Mailboxes. Carmela Salduc-
co and Evelyn Ncuincislcr. Juniors.

Pertaining to the Lost, and Found
Box lll Lower Draper. anyone who
ll.i.\ lost. till ill'llClC should write it
on the list on the bulletin board
next to the box. Hours when the
box will be opened will be posted on
the box. according to Miss Becker.

  

 

 

 

therefore going to be filled with
planned activity.

Friday night in Page Hall, Sey-
mour Llpkin will rattle the ivorles
to entertain the refugees from the
wide, wide world. Lipkin‘s perform-
ance is being sponsored by Music
Council.

Registration. without IBM will
take place in the Upper Lounge,
Bi'ubacher. Saturday morning. At
noon luncheon will be served in Bi‘u
by the staff of goodies specialists.

State will tussle with Oswego on
the soccer field at 2 in the after-
noon, as the Garciamen display their
well-known head-and-toe talent.

In the evening Brubacher will be
the scene of a dance. And just slin-
ply everyone is invited. be they un-
derclassmen, Seniors, grad students,
or old~timers in these here parts.

Homecoming Weekend is one of
the newer traditions here at State.
having had its inception last Fall.
Its purpose is to promote affection,
loyalty and fond memories of State
among the Alumni. giving them a
chance to see what we‘ve been doing
to their school. The committee hopes
that, not only the Alums, but the
rest. of US. will turn out to make
it a big success this year.

Psychologists To Hear
Dr. Alfred Kuenzli

The Psychology Club will hold its
first. meeting of the year. Tuesday,
in Brubacher Hall at 7:30 pm. Al—
fred E. Kiicnzli, Instructor of Psy-
chology. and visiting scholar from
Harvard. will be the guest speaker.
His topic will be entitled "Toward
a Science of Social Man."

Dr. Kiienzli will advise the club
for the coming year. The officers
of the club are: Donald Howard,
President; Morton Hess, Vice-Presi-
dent; June Fi'ankland. Secretary.
Sophomores. and Virginia Doyle ’56,
"treasurer.

 

   

Start smoking Camels yourself!

my, Make the 30-day Camel Mildncss Test.
Smoke only Camels for 30 days A see
for yourself why Camels' cool mildncss
and rich flavor agree with more people
 than any other cigarette!

 

: :-:-’:m<.<::§.‘.-':

 

Exchange GrcinlL
Deadline Nears

The closing" date of the competi-
tions for United States Government
educational exchange grants for
graduate study abroad. is November
1, 1954. announces Kenneth Holland,
President of the Institute of Inter-
national Educatlon, 1 East 67th
Street, New York City. One month
remains in which to apply for
awards under the Fulbright and
Buenos Aires Convention Programs
for the 1955-56 academic year. An
exception is the program for New
Zealand. for which October 15 is the
closing date.

Scholarship application blanks are
available at the Institute or in of-
fices of Fulbright advisers oti col-
lege and university campuses. The
Fulbright adviser for State College
is Dr. Edwin C. Munro, Associate
Professor of Modern Languages. A
brochure describing the overseas
study awards may be obtained from
the Institute.

The programs under the Fulbright
Act and the Buenos Aires Conven-
tion for the Promotion of Inter-
American cultural relations are part
of the international educational ex—
change activities of the Department
of State. They will give almost one
thousand American citizens the
chance to study abroad during the
1955—56 academic year. Since the
establishment of the Fulbright Pro-
gram iii 1947. three thousand six
hundred American students have
gone abroad under its auspices, and
over nine hundred have accepted
grants for the current academic
year.

Eligibility requirements for these
foreign study fellowships are: (1)

lCUNll'HlU’d on Page 1,, Colman 1,)

Two Fraternities Elect
New Presidents, Veep

Two fraternities and one sorority
held elections Monday evening to
elect new officers and replace vacant
positions.

Sigma Lambda Sigma elected
Robert Henderson ’55, President,
and William Small '56. Vice-Presi-
dent.

Kappa. Beta held replacement
elections for President and Secre-
tary. Elected to the respective oi"-
fices were Richard Tinapp ‘56. and
John Horner ’57.

Psi Gamma elected three new of-
ficers at its meeting. Elaine Start-
out is Song-leader. Phyllis Lyeth is
the Sportscaster, Juniors; and Nina
Scai'amuzza ’55 will fill the office
of Historian. Psi Gamma has sched-
uled Statesmen’s Open House for
October 8 from 8-12. Nancy Hughes
'57 is Chairman.

Gamma Kappa Phi formally iii-
itiated Shirley Johnson ’57 at its
regular Monday meeting. Joan Rog-
ers '55, Vice-President and Social
Chaiirnan of Gamma Kappa Phi, is
acting as Chairman for the States-
nian‘s Open House. This will be
October 8. Patricia Finger '55. Presi-
dent, said all men are cordially in-
vited. A group of girls under the
supervision of Delores Montalbano
‘55 has painted the living room and
music room. Guests at the house for
the weekend were Barbara Hunger-
ftil‘Cl ‘57. Rosemary Keller, Alumni,
and Jane Whitehurst ’56.

Events and rules of rushing were
explained to the freshmen by Custer
Quick '55. President of the Inter-
Fratci'nity Council in Freshman
Orientation Tuesday.

During a recent meeting. the IFC
clarified bidding procedure and
rushing rules. Also discussed was
the Inter-Fraternity Smoker which

(Continued on Page 1,, Column5/

...and how it started.

TERESA WRIGHT sot/s: "Up to 16. my knowledge of acting
had been gleaned from seeing movies. When I saw my ﬁrst
profesxional play. that was it: I only wanted to act. I got into
high school plays. wrestled props at l’rovincetown, uiidei'studied.
sat for months in prodiicci's' reception rooms. ()iic rainy
night. sick with a cold, I read for a good role, (Hill on! it!”

SUCCESS S'I‘UR I':
Camcls— A iiicricu‘s most popular
cigarette. .

. by for!

   

AGREE WITH MORE PEOPLE THAN ANY OTHER CIGARETTE

it. J. lluyiiolils Tobacco l‘omliaiiy. Whisliui h'uieiii, .\'. ii.

    

