 

emu-a is . I
From The Editor’s Desk:

1

i
1

our: "colalol urwo. rnIbAr. OCTOIIR 29. 1934

l
‘.

i

'News' Breaks Tradition, Enters Experimental Siogel

We have two points of discussion to develop this
week, one relevant to an explanation of the changes
made in today’s issue, the other concerning the press
conventions we recently attended. Let it be observed
that they are both intimately related.

Last week members of the News staff journeyed to
two conferences, one a nation-wide convention, the
other a state-wide get-together. They are explained
belowin detail. One. consisted of delegates from col-
lege and university newspapers throughout the coun-
try, the other was composed of representatives of our
state's teacher colleges.

To answer the question "Just what do we get out of
them?", is to explain the change apparent in this
week’s edition. In the past our Journalist representa-
tives have returned to school with added insights
into the general operation of a college newspaper,
coupled with various new ideas of improvement. Un-
doubtedly some minor changes have resulted, prob-
ably without notice. Major changes have been re-
stricted, since such an act would require the breaking
of a tradition, which a newspaper above all has a
tendency to uphold. We have come to realize, with the
aid of the advice of journalism experts, that tradi-
tion is blocking'the approach to one of our goals, that
of maintaining our reader's interest. Readership is a
basic' essential, and it is one that can be easily lost,
through repetitious make-up, headlines and news
coverage. We have been told that we should not be
afraid to experiment. Where tradition restricts prog-
ress, the former should be the one to sacriﬁce! Hav-

ViSio'll Members Attend

.Brockport Conference

By MATT OSTOYICH

Embarking for the State University of New York
Teachers’ College Press Association Conference last
Thursday afternoon were three members of the State
College News staff, Joanne Moore, Feature Editor;
Richard Sauer and Matthew Ostoyich. Sophomore
Desk Editors. The aloofness of the Adirondack Moun-
tains and Camp Totem beckoned to us as the site of
our two~day conference. The host college, Brockport,
set the scene of our conference at their student-and-
faculty-operated camp. Camp Totem.

An open discussion opened the Friday morning
session. At this meeting. Mi5s Moore discussed the
number of issues per year, number of copies per is-
sue, staff selection, yearly budget, time between going
to press and circulation and advertising costs as
pertaining to the State College News. Delegates from
the other colleges gave similar reports.

Challenge to the College Newspaper

Following the open discussion. Dr. Robert D.
Murphy, Chairman of the Newspaper Practice De-
partment, of the School of Journalism at Syracuse
University. discussed some of the elements of news
writing: drama. surprise, and present and future
news. One of the greatest challenges, Dr. Murphy
disclosed, of the college newspaper was to get the
newspaper in the reader's hands and then to get it

read.

Individual paper’s problems were discussed by the
group under the leadership of Dr. Murphy. At this
workshop. Friday afternoon, Dr. Murphy evaluated
and gave suggestions for the improvement of the
papers.

College Publications: Useful or Wastefui?

Mr. Al Boeck of the State University Public Rela-
tions Office, at the Upstate Medical College at Syra-
cuse. spoke on the subject “College Publications—
Useful or Wastefui?", Saturday morning. Mr. Boeck
stressed that a publication is useful if it contributes
scmething to the college, molds student opinion and
is an outlet for creative writing. He urged that rou-
tines shouid be broken and that newspaper staffs
should experiment with new types of stories to ex-
ploit the potentialities of the material. In closing. Mr.
Boeck told us not to be afraid to experiment, to in-
itiate new ideas, and to be progressive!

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

IITAILIIHID HAY III.
IV I'HI CLAII 0' IOII

 

First Place CSPA First Place APO
VOL. XXXIX October 29. 1954 NO. 7

Members of the NEWS staff may be reached Tuesday and
Wednesday from '1 to 11 pm. at 2-3320. Ext. li. Phones:
Lackey. 3-0277: Ruben. 02-0570; Rena. 2-07“; Swierzowaki.
9-37“: Moore. 2-3320.

The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State
College for Teachers; pubiinhcd every Friday of the College
year by the NEWS Board for the Student, Association.

RONALD LACKI'JY - - - - - - - - - - Editor-in-Chlol
EVELYN liUllliN - - - - - - - - - - Mann ing Editor
WILLARD liEi'I'Z - - - - - - - Public Roi-t om Editor
En'l'lliv.“ GOLDSTEIN - - - - - - Circulation-Exchange
FRANCES MONAIIAN - - - - Business-Advertising Editor
AILEEN COCIIIMNE - - - - - - - - - Alsooilio Editor
CAROL ANN LUF'I‘ - - - - - < - - - Associate Editor
JOSiul'ii Bii'll‘IliMiwt‘lKI - - - - - - - - - - - Sports Editor
JOANNE MOORE - - - - - - - - - - Feature Editor
ARNOLD NEWMAN - - - - - - - Junior Sports Member
Dliltti’i'llt’ IMs‘MUHh‘EN - - - - - - - Junior hports lilomber

JOIIN KNAI'P - - - - - - - - - iii-If Photographer
All communications should be addressed to the editor and
mun be signed. Names will be withheld upon request.
The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility for
opinions expressed In its columns or communications. or such
expressions do not necessarily reflect its view.

0"

ing secured a vote of confidence from the News
Board. we are attempting in this and subsequent
issues to increa our readership, through the use of
various techniq ‘s. As far as we know we are the
second college in the teachers’ college group in the
state to test a "floating banner" on the front page,
which changes according to the dictates of the news
coverage. However, we fall far lower on the list of
national colleges to attempt this. Thus we, too, have
become part of a trend. Too frequently we have heard
comments concerning the News, amounting to the
comparison that it is more or less a "weekly perform-
ance of the same play on the same stage." We want
to arrest this serious shortcoming, and at the same
time retain a 'sic continuity with our past.

To our knowl dge this is also the first time that
the News has eVer been able to send delegfiates to
the national conference, held in various cities
throughout the nation, due to budgetary restrictions.
The opportunity to discuss our problems and secure
advice and suggestions is most beneﬁcial, since our
school offers no journalism courses, and we do not
have faculty advising. Of primary concern also is the
prestige which a representation from our school aug-
ments. On a n tional scale it means including the
name of our st: 001, and our newspaper alongside
those of other leading and prominent schools. State-
wise, it involves maintaining prestige at home. We
therefore wholeheartedly urge that the NeWs be al-
lowed, come next spring. to enlarge its budget to
allow a representation to attend both conferences
each year.

Editors Participate In
National Press Conlab

By CAROL ANN LUFT

Four editors of the State College News traveled to
Washington, D. 0., last week to attend the Associated
Collegiate Press Conference in Hotel Statler. Ronald
Lackey. Editor-m-Chief, Aileen Cochrane and Carol
Ann Luft. Associate Editors; and Joseph Swierzowski,
Sports Editor. attended meetings covering all phases
of journalism in the conference rooms of the Statler.

In the opening session in the Federal Room, Thurs-
day morning. Fred L. Kildow, Director of ACP wel-
comed the 625 college editors from about 18l colleges
and universities from 34 states, Washington and Ha-
waii. Kildow introduced the first speaker, J. Russell
Wiggins, Managing Editor of the Washington Post,
who spoke of "Our Troubled Times." He highlighted
the United States Foreign Policy in Europe and
Asia. answering questions from the ﬂoor.

Newspapers Need to Increase Readership

Roscoe Drummond, Chief of the Washington Bureau
of the New York Herald Tribune, spoke forcibly on
“Covering Washington: the Reporter and the Column-
ist." Drummond, who writes the syndicated column.
"Washington," advocated more interpretative writing
in news stories. contending that today's journals need
to increase readership not subscribers. He stressed
the fact that new uses of typography techniques add
to readership.

Afternoon programs Thursday were dedicated to
newspaper connections with the educational process
and student government. Harry H. Lunn. Jr., Presi-
dent of the United States Student Association, con-
nected “Student Government and the College Press."

Makeup Changes; New Ideas Aid the Reader

Many of the make-up ideas employed in this week's
issue of the News were gleaned from make-up and
editorial sessions attended Friday. Thomas F. Barn-
hart, Professor of Advertising and Graphic Arts, the
University of Minnesota and author of Weekly News-
paper and Typography, conducted a clinic in the
morning. At that time he dedicated over two hours
in analyzing individual newspapers. Copies of All-
Amerlcan rated papers of colleges were on display
during the two-day session for scrutinlzation by con-
vention members.

A newspaper make-up Clinic in front and sports
page design was conducted by Gary Burtness, Di-
rector cf Student Publications, Evantson Township
High School. Bartness has served as college director
of student publications. the staffs of which produced
consistent All-American Honor Rating issues. He is
former assistant director of ACP and newapaper su-
pervisory judge. His meeting was conducted pri-
marily for staffs seeking new ideas.

Albert Manola. Assistant News Editor. of the Wash-
ington Post discussed putting "Sparkle into Head-
lines." 'I'he meeting was then opened for questions
and discussions.

The News editors attended two meetings led by
Norvai Neil Luxon, Dean of the School of JOlii'illlll‘lll,
the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill. The
first of these meetings was entitled "Copy Editing:
Get it Right and Say it Right." Ho enumcruu‘d the
responsibilities of a copy editor and quoted Byron
Price as saying “there are no degrees of accuracy."

The second meeting conducted by Luxon was (li-
rectcd to editors in particular. They were addressed
on the subject “The Editorial Page: Make it the
Voice of the Campus." Luxon tabulated the contents
of editorial pages of about fifty college ncwspupers.
It was generally contended that the editorial page
should cover a more diverse and complete program.
As with many of the speakers. Luxon willingly offered
advice to individual editors after the meeting.

The conference was formally closed with it bun-
quet for all delegates at 6:30 pm. Friday in the
Presidential Ballroom of the Statler. Kildow presided.
The. speaker of the evening. Philip Potter. Washing-
ton correspondent for the Baltimore Sun. spoke on
“The Washington Red-Squad Beat." A dance fol-
lowed the banquet.

04W!

 

 

 

 

Gammon-slated

By GADD and L0 TRUGLIO

 

 

 

 

LAW BREAKERS . . .

What’s with all these frosh not wearing their beanies? The Sophs
are doing their part by giving warnings to the "tradition”-breakers. Are
the frosh violating these rules just for the publicity of getting their
names printed in the News, or are they tired of wearing the beanies?
We feel that there is no reason why the fresh should disobey these rules
if they consider themselves a part of State College.

CONFERENCE . . .

Next Thursday, Student Board of Finance, Student Council, Presi-
dent Collins, and several members of the faculty will have a joint meet-
ing to discuss the powers and policies of Student Board of Finance. It
seems that there is too much overlapping of work, especially when
budgets come up. It's a wonder that organizations do get the money
they want after they have fought for it at three different sessions.

One fault of our government is the overlapping of work. Perhaps
meetings of this type will do a lot to clarify the disputed facts that
now exist.

INTERPRETATION . . .

Hope you've all considered the motion that was made in last Friday's
assembly. This motion to bring a jazz band to State is a fine idea. But
the motion goes on to say that the proﬁts of such a concert be given to
an organization not under the constitution. According to Myskie's inter-
pretation of Article II. the Purpose of the constitution. this last point
is illegal. In other words, an organization not "recognized" by SA and
not under the State College Student Association Constitution is not able 2,
to receive any ﬁnancial aid whatsoever from SA.

SUCCESSFUL . . .

Thanks to the beautiful weather and everyone's full cooperation.
this year's All State Day was a big success. The results of the good .
turn-out were two-fold: all who attended or participated in the llCthl- i
ties seemed to gave a good time, and the profits received went for a ‘
worthy cause.

DRIVE . . .

Think we're correct in saying that almost everyone thoroughly en-
joyed the Campus Chest skit in last Friday's assembly—right? Hope we
all show our approval by donating our share to this worthwhile drive.
If there is someone who hasn't given yet, please open your purse-strings
and do so.

TIDY . . .

How do you think the Commons looks? Pretty nice, no? We're going
to keep both eyes open and just see how long it remains in the condi—
tion it's in now. There's no reason why it can‘t. If we just stop and
think for a minute before we throw that cigarette butt or milk container
on the floor, everything will be O.K.! Otherwise, beware of Campus
CommiSsion and their new penalties for violatorsil

QUESTION OF THE WEEK?
What happened to all the campaign promises made last spring?

Sidedmen eon/ea 74! 66724161

‘v P

 

 

 

.

“ﬁg   “if
“Iqaluit  liii  .
:r: l “My :4".

  

( i“Ncwa"“l'l(litlolral touring Washington after ACI’ Conference: Aileen
locirunc, iilltlf lunacy and Carol Ann Luft b Whit If u -' s' i
b'wier'wwuki is behind the camera. y u 0 my. Jo w.

~ : i,ﬂummmzm~nuvwm-
i , V ‘ ‘

 

,.w.mw—.m .. ...,. 

«in.

STATE COLLEGE HIM." FRIDAY. GCTOIIR 25;“"1'034

 

PAOI/Ii

 

 

 

 

Council Changes
Visiting Hours
At Frat Houses

Two major revisions of rules gov-
erning women visiting fraternity
houses have been made by Residence
Council, reports Kathleen Restein
’55, President of the organization.

Upon invitation from a fraternity
member no less than three women
may visit a State College fraternity
house unchaperoned on Fridays be-
tween 2 pm. and 12 midnight, on
Saturdays between 12 noon and 12
midnight, and on Sundays between
12 noon and 10 pm. This revision
increases the number of hours we-
men may visit the fraternity houses.

The all-college event rule which
previously did not permit women
to visit the houses during the hours
of .an ail-college event has been
changed so that women may visit
fraternity houses during these
hours; however, the individual frat-
ernity is free to close its house dur-
ing these hours whenever it so de-
sires.

Inter-Fraternity Council and Resi-
dence Council carry a joint respon-
sibility for the enforcement of these
hours, states Miss Restein. The
president, vice-president, house
manager and treasurer of each
fraternity shall be responsible for
seeing that these hours are proper-
ly kept and for reporting all of-
fenders of these regulations to the
Inter-Fraternity Council and Resi-
dence Council. IFC shall act on
violations by a fraternity and its
members and Residence Council
shall discipline women violators
when they are State College stu-
dents.

Fresh Receive

State Awards

Forty-three students of the class
of 1958 are the recipients of New
York State University Scholarships.
The scholarship winners include:
Annabelle M. Barfoot, Jean A.
Barr. Mildred S. Beisswanger. Ger-
ald R. Eu'r, Mary C. Bullock. Joy
Ann Cal'uro. Linda M. Champagne,
Frcida M. Cohen, Mary C. Craw-
ford, Mary Lou Curran, Susan Ann
Durisek, Roland K. Esolen, Norberto
O, Fuller, Patricia R. Gearing, Dor-
thy Hansen, Barbara L. Huzeitlne,
Richard H. Hinck, Ronald G. Hum-
phrey, Beverly A. Hillmun. Charles
V. LnFontaine, Jeanne M. Landry,
Ruth 1. Larson. Marjorie A. Mack,
Gloria H. Mugavcro, Nancy A. Mali-
gan, Margaret M. Mann. Carlton J.
Mnxson. Carolyn R. Meeker, Jeanne
M. Mcriitt, Viola E. Moody, Joyce
L. Ocldy. Mary S. O‘Donnell, Ann
J. Olin, Virginia C. Paulson, Gayle
H. Petty, Roberta M. Roy, Lucille
J. Schnuidcr, Lloyd G. Seymour,
Nancy M. Starkey, Edmond P. Tip-
ton. Scimu J. ancnheim, Robert
T. Wiggln. Dukenc Zcrvns.

Senior Honorary Lists
lnlractious Freshmen

The following warnings have been
issued to lrcsinncn, announces Mary
lucm‘onc ’55, Chairman of tho
i'rcshmnn wurning committee for
Myskunli. Senior Honorary Judicial
Sol-lily, 'I‘wo warnings have been
sent to seven l‘i'crlnncn whose
numcs must therefore be published
iii the News: Ida Cicclsky, Tcrcsy
Monum, Bcvvi'ly Ross, John Sic-
l'unn, l-lcnry Storck, ltmiiy Slutcr,
and Albert chinc.

 

Gerald Drug Go.

217 Western Ave. Albany, N. Y.

I’hone 6-8010

 

 

Joe’s Barber Shop

53 Lake Ave.,
Near Washington Ave.
2 BANNERS
We Aim To Please

 

 

 

 

College
Calendar

Friday, October 29

4 pm. News Staff Meeting,
Brubacher Publications of-
fice (also fresh).

8 pm. See Hop. Page Hall
Gym.

Saturday, October 30
8-12 pm. Campus Chest Dance.
Brubacher Dining Room.

Sunday, October 31
7:15 pm. Hillel Israeli Dances,
Ohav Sholom.

Tuesday, November 2

7 a.m.-9 p.m. Elections.

10 am. Sophomore Class Meet-
ing. Freshman Orientation.

8:30 pm. Oral Interpretation
Readings. Draper 349.

Wednesday, November 3
7 pm. Hillel M e e tin g, Bru-
bacher.

 

Literature Class

Offers Readings

The newly inaugurated “Evenings
of Readings from Literature" will
hold its second evening of readings,
sponsored by the Oral Interpreta-
tion Class, 8:30 pm, Tuesday in
Draper 349.

The program for the evening is:
Ada Elian '55. a short story, "Hus-
bands Grow on Trees" by Whitﬁeld
Cook; Maxine Adner ’56. two chil-
dren's selections, “Little Jesus" by
Frences Thompson and “Ballad of
the Harp Weaver‘ 'by Edna St. Vin-
cent Millay; and J. Ruban Garcia
'55, “Ode to the West Wind" by
Shelley.

The program will also include the
following readings: Helene Goldo
'55, a short story, “The Night the
Bed Fell," by James Thurber; Elea-
nor Goldman '56. two dramatic
monologues, "In An Ataller" by
Thomas B. Aldrich and “The La.-
boratory." by Robert Browning.

The Oral Interpretation Class
Readings have replaced the Elemen-
tary Dramatlcs Laboratory Plays
which presented one-act plays dur-
ing the ﬁrst semester of each school
year. This reading clues affords stu-
dents with dramatic interests to
perform before an audience. Agnes
E. Futterer. Professor of English,
is adviser to this newly formed
group.

ETS schedules
Admission Tests
For Graduates

The Admission Test for Graduate
Study hi Business, required for en-
trance by a pumber of graduate
business schools or divisions
throughout the country. will be of-
fered twice during the coming year.

A candidate must make separate
application for admission to each
business school of his choice and
should inquire of each whether it
wishes him to take the Admission
Test for Graduate Study in Business
and when. Candidates for admission
to the 1955 classes are advised to
offer the February test if possible.

The Admission Test for Graduate
study in Business is not designed to
test speciﬁc knowledge in special-
ized academic subjects. Normal
undergraduate training should pro-
vide sufficient general knowledge to
answer the test qdestions. Sample
questions and information regard-
ing registration for and administra-
tion of the test are given in a Bulle-
tin of Information.

The tests will be administered on
February 3. 1955 and May 14. 1955.
Applications and fees must be
ﬁled with the Admission Test for
Graduate Study in Business, Edu-
cational Testing Service, 20 Nas-
sau Street, Princeton, New Jersey,
at least two weeks before the test-
ing date in order to allow ETS time
to ccmplete the necessary testing
arrangements.

Gov't Committee

Selects Member

Thomas Dixon ’55, Chahman of
the Better Government Committee.
announces that Roberta Stein '56
has been selected to ﬁll a vacancy
on the committee.

Currently the committee is work-
ing on minor changes in the Consti~
tution. When the work is completed
the revisions will be submitted to
Student Association for their ap-
proval. Meetings of this group are
open to all interested parties. Ses-
sions will begin a week from this
Thursday at 7:30 pm. in Brubacher.

The purpose of the Better Gov-
ernment Committee is to make
clariﬁcations and minor revisions
to the Constitution. Work on an-
other form of government will not
be done unless it is requested by
Student Association, states Dixon.

Greeks Will Entertain Faculty At Teas;
Sorority, Fraternity Plan Open Houses

Gamma Kappa Phi will hold its
Mother-Daughter Banquet and six
sororities will be hosLeSSes to the
faculty this weekend. Kappa Beta
has appointed committee chairmen
i'or their open houae next Sunday,
November 7.

Mothels of Gamma Kup members
will be guests at the Mother-
Duughtcr Banquet tomorrow even-
ing at the Uptown Club. The ban-
quet Will begin at 6 p.m., reports
Patricia Finger '55, President. Lust
Sunday Rensselaer Polytechnic In-
stitute students were guests at
Gamma Kup at their open house.

Phi Delta is holding open house
tonight fnl‘ Un'ion College fraternity
members, announces Ellen Baronas
’55, President.

 

Clothes Dryers - Study Lamps
Thousands of Items

Genirai Varier

Illii Central Avenue
Below Quail Street
Open Every Night. till 9

Kappa Delta. Phi Delta. Gamma
Kappa Phi and Chi Sigma Theta
will give teas for the faculty Sun-
day at their respective houses from
3 to 6 pm. Beta Zeta and Psi Gam~
ma will hold their faculty teas from
3 to 5 pm. Committee heads for
BZ's event are: General Chairman,
Jeanette Katz '55; Arrangements,
Patricia Atwood '56; Reception, Bev-
eriy Wylam '57; and Refreshments,
Merldene Fox ’56.

 

(Sid.

Corner Ontario & Benson
Dial 4-1125
FLORIST a

GREENHOUSE

College Florists for Years

Special Attention

 

for
Sororities and Fraternities

 

 

 

 

75 State Street

 

—

ART KAPNER

"YOUR mm: INSURANCE MAN”
ALL TYPES of lNSURANCE

5-1471
M

Albany, N. v.

 

Heraidu'l‘ribune Forum: '  '
Speakers Discuss

Freedom in The

[Pfogrc’i --  

United States, 

By RICHARD CLIFFORD

On Monday and Tuesday evenings, October 18 and 19,
the sessions of the Herald Tribune Forum were held in
New York City. “Steps toward Racial Integration" was the
theme of the opening meeting held at Hunter College
Auditorium. Leaders of the federal government discussed
“New Objectives in Government” at the closing session

held in the Grand Ballroom of the
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel. Robert Conn
'55 and Richard Clifford ‘57 were
the delegates from State.

Governor Thomas E. Dewey ae-
livered the opening address. He
pointed out that the nation's free-
dom was being threatened by an
“increasing degree of irresponsibil-
ity in political campaigns."
Objectives of the
Republican Administration

The new objectives of the U. S.
as they affect policies here and
abroad were analyzed by speakers
at the second and final session of
the Herald Tribune Forum.

Four members of the President’s
cabinet: Mrs. Olveta Culp Hobby,
Secretary of Health, Education and
Welfare; George M. Humphrey, Sec-
retary of the Treasury; James P.
Mitchell, Secretary of Labor; and
Herbert Brownell. Jr., the Attorney-
General, gave the progress report
of the Republican administration.

Brownell pointed out that it def-
initely is necessary to solve our se-
curity needs without going above
the Constitution. He reminded the
Forum that the F.B.I. is only an
investigatory agency and cannot
launch prosecutions.

A labor merger of the 0.1.0. and
the A.F.L. was favored by Secretary
of Labor Mitchell. Mitchell also went
on to say that our employment is

Distributive Ed Club
Cancels IBM Trip

State College's Distributive Edu-
cation Club will hold a meeting
[1115 Tuesday at 10 am. in Draper
147, announces Josephine DeNota
’ 0

 

Due to complications the club
ﬁnds that it will be unable to make
the scheduled journey to the Inter-
national Business Machine factory
ln Poughkeepsie.

At this meeting a discussion will
take place on plans for a possible
replacement trip. The DE Club of
State College is afﬁliated with the
national organization and is set up
to further DE students’ interest in
merchandising.

 

at the highest peak in history. "I
don't remember the cry of depres-
sion in 1949." he said, "We weren't
in the middle of a Congressional
election.”

Humphrey defended our present
tax programs and noted that the
past year has brought about the
greatest tax reduction in history—
$7,500.000.

“Teachers are now grossly under-
paid.” By 1960 We will need 1,500,000
teachers and steps must be taken
to make the profession more attrac-
tive. These points were the main
emphasis of Mrs. Hobby's report.
She went on to say that Social
Security rights had been extended
to an additional 10,200,000 persons
during the new administration.

Perhaps the most interesting
speeches of the two sessions were
the political talks given by Harri-
man and Ives; and Case and Howell,
candidates for U. S. Senate from
New Jersey.

Ives Emphasizes Experience

Senator Ives cited two reasons for
the return of a Republican admin-
istration to Albany. The first, he
said, is experience: "The Republi-
can candidates are veterans in the
service of the state" and of Demo-
cratic candidates "not one of them
has had a day's service in our state
government."

His second reason was the “re-
capture of the Democratic Party
by Tammany Hall. Tammany had
ruthlessly swept aside the men rep-
resenting other segments of the
party and picked a complete slate
from the metropolitan areas, ignor-
ing agriculture, the state‘s largest
industry."

IIarriman Stresses Needs of People

Harriman felt the basic issue was
to choose a state government that
would measure up to the needs of
the people. He called for a decent
farm policy. removal of Republican
"anti—labor” acts, civil service re-
loans, and better care for the aged,
the mentally and physically ill. He
said that there is much to be done
and the Republicans don‘t seem to
be taking the initiative. "Marking
time and riding along on yesterday's
Democratic advances is not nearly
good enough."

 

Campus Casuals for the College Co-ed

Softies - Loafers - Low Heel Dress - Oxfords
Suedes - Leathers - Combinations

SEE THEM AT

MICHELSON’S SHOES

230 CENTRAL AVE.
“Around the Corner from State College”

 

 

 

 

     

For Hire

TUXEDOS’

0 Single Breasted
0 Formal Blue
0 Shawl Collar
O Feather Weight

SEE
RALPH ADAMS

Campus Representative

   
    

Ti; .\i{l
(

)l\i

      

452 BROADWAY.

 

 

 

 

. t .v' .z- t. . . I
... _..t.\e.»..».-aes..;w.-.. . . .

