 

 

   
  
  
   
  
    
       

 

.,, m. ... . ....« . .,....,...._.
N“ - w"'ﬂ-"?ﬁmlw

1.x“ . 1...,s >

r:-"'".-'F=K‘:7' ‘: i" to

. A“ "mum‘s... .

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MARCH 12, 1954

 

am

To The Editor:

The International Film Group
has passed its embryonic stage and
is on the way to life. For that oc-
casion, we want to give a sort of
statement of policy.

The prime aim of the group is
to present films of high cinematic
value. Coupled with this aim is the
wish to supplement the courses of
the Modern Language Department
by the presentation of foreign lan-
guage films.

‘It is our hope to instill in the
members of the Film Group a great-
er apprecation of the Film. We be-
lieve that a film is not merely
entertaining, which allows one to
sit ' back, enjoy and then forget.
The Film in its highest form rep-
resents a fusion of literature, music
and- painting, if We understand
painting as visual art. Thus, the
Film is entertainment; it can be
entertainment of high esthetic
quality.

To illustrate our viewpoint on the
film we chose as the first presenta-
tion, a French film classic, "Grand
Illusion." Directed by Jean Renoir,
with Erich von Stroheim in the
leading role, this film was chosen
as one of the ten best films in fifty
years.

We expect the student body to
take an active interest in this pro]-
ect. The film, which has English
subtitles, will be presented on
Wednesday, March 17 at 7:45 in
Draper 349. Membership tickets
will be on sale in Lower Draper
during the noon hours, Monday
through Wednesday. The cost of
the membership ticket is $1 per
semester. For that price the In-
ternational Film Group plans to
present to its members the
showing of three carefully chosen
good films. If a membership card
is not purchased, an admission price
of fifty cents will be charged per
film. We plan to schedule the
other films on Thursday nights.
This is the only exception; there
was not “room for one more."

Hanna Wilfert.

 

    

‘5.
'd- a.» Ms». .v

Eng S;

  

 4W4

 

 

 How the stars
got started a: a: a

Alan Ladd
says:

:  "I was a Hollywood
' stagehand. One day
 I fell 20 feet off a
scaffold. I wasn’t hurt, but I
decided acting was safer.
I went to acting school, played bit parts

. . . ﬁnally I hit pay dirt in
‘This Gun for Hire’.”

15mm: ewe/(we CAMELS:
BECAUSE :0 MM” 0F MV
FP/ENDS‘ 0/0. 0/1/65 / STARTED,
/ KA/Ew «MEL: WERE FOR ME.
FOR MILDNESS AND FIAVOR,
you aw’r BEAT ’EM ./

'q’ness
 CAMEiS

Ralph Beaver, chairman of the
Mathematics Department, announces
that on Saturday, May 1, the college
will be host to the annual meeting
of the Upper New York State Sec-
tion of the Mathematical Associa-
tion of America. About one hundred
faculty members from the mathe-
matics departments of the colleges
of the State not in the metropolitan
area will attend. A morning and
afternoon session will be held in
Room 349, interrupted by a lunch-
eon at Brubachcr Hall and followed

 

APA, KB List
New Members

(Continued from Page 1, Column /,1

Mosher, Raymond Castillo, and
Donald Dame, freshmen.

Five upperclassmen and nineteen
freshmen became pledges of Alpha
Pi Alpha at the traditional pledge
service Monday. Richard Bailey '54.
President of AiPA, lists the follow-
ing: John Murray '55; Robert Cal-
lender, Robert Davidson. Ronald
Hadiock, Bruce Wise, Sophomores:
Martin Eagan, Robert Hyde, David
Hughes, Edward Jones, Arthur
Patton, William Smith, Richard
Archamboult, Z. Ted Cherwinskl.
Richard Clark, Kenneth Goettler,
William Henry, Charles Hull, Alan
Lesko, Alan Lewis, George Murphy,
David Preston. James Smith, Charles
Thibault, and William Velgel, freshu
men.

Kappa Beta pledged seventeen
new brothers, according to Arnold
Smith '54, President. Earle Beach,
Gregorio Carrera, Ronald Lackey.
Juniors: Robert Silnlnonds, Samuel
Brenner, Richard Goriup, Sopho-
mores; Russell Hunt, Richard Er-
bacher, Edward Krausc, Richard
Anderson, John Horncr, James Pen-
body, Dominic De Cecco, Raymond
Prindle, Everett Wood. Richard

Clifford, and Domonic Toscino.

freshmen, are the new pledges.

on

by a tea in the lower lounge of
Brubacher. The program will begin
at 9:30 with a welcome from Presi-
dent Evan R. Collins. Members of
the association will present short
papers on various subjects related
to mathematics.

Gerald Snyder, Chairman of the
Milne Social Studies Department,
has been elected secretary-treasurer
of the New York State Council of
Social Studies. Evan R. Collins and
Oscar E. Lanford, President and
Dean, respectively, of the College.
left Wednesday evening, March ‘3.
for Chicago to attend the ninth An-
nual Conference of Higher Educa-
tion which began on March 4.

Doctor Edward P. Shaw, Profes-
sor of French, is the author of
Maleshcrbes, The Abbe Provost and
the First French Translation of Sir
(‘harlcs Grandison, an article which
appeared in Modern Language Notes.
1‘ ebruary, 1954.

Dr. J. Wesley Chllders, Professor
of Modern Languages, will be guest
speaker at the Career Day of the
Collegeof Saint Rose on Monday.
March 15. His topic is “Vocational
Opportunities in the Field of Spun-
ish."

TPB Releases Listing
Oi Teacher Positions

Mr, Elmcr MutthWs of Teacher
Placement Bureau has announced
three more Seniors who have now
been placed for teaching positions.
They will assume their Leucl'iing
posts in September.

The students pluccd nrc: Shirley
Cullnhull, BS. froln Cornwall-on-
Hudson, who will touch Commerce
at Highland Falls High School;
Helen Osborne, M.A. l'roln Newton
Fillls, who will touch French and
Spanish ill Gel‘lnnntown Central
School; and Ann Coiulnbc. B.A.
froln Ulica, who is to leach Junior
High Science at Columbia High
School in East Grecnbush.

  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 

MOVIE STAR

WITH

Sophs To Hold
Meeting, Frosh
Elect Officers

A meeting of the Sophomore Class
will be held Tuesday at 12 noon in
Draper 349, states William Small,
President. The meeting is quite im-
portant in that a financial motion
will be voted upon concerning the
Sophomore Picnic which is sched-
uled for April 4.

General Chairman for the picnic
is Barbara Maaloe. Chairmen of
the various committees are: Ar-
rangements, Neil Whitehurst; Food,
Jacqueline Darfler; Activities, Frank
Santoro and Judy Vimmersteadt.

A meeting of the freshman class
was held Wednesday noon, accord-
ing to Clyde Payne, President. Elec-
tions were held for officers of the
freshman class newspaper, The In-
ferno. Editor-in-Chief is Mary For-
man; head typist is Barbara Hun—
gerford; and Helen Cassevaugh was
elected head duplicator.

Basketball games between the
freshmen and Juniors have been
scheduled l'or March 20 at 2:00 pm.
The games are to be played in Page
Gym.

Library Announces
New Evening Hours

According to Miss Mary Eliza—
beth Cobb. College Librarian, the
College Library will be open Mon-
duy, Tuesday, Wednesday. and
Thursday evenings from 7 to 9:30.
beginning this Monday.

The extra hours have been
planned as an accommodation to
the students who requested that the
Library be open more evenings dur-
ing the week.

Beginning Monday the Library
hours will be as follows: Monday
through Thursday, 8-5 and 7-9:!ill,
Friday, 8-5 and Saturday, 9-5.

START

 
    
  
   
   
 
       
    

 

pure pleasure ii cigurellc can
give you!

MORE PEOPLE 5.253323%?

 

Student Council
Will Supervise
Raffle Drawing

(Continued from Page 1, Column 5)

Kappa Beta will maintain a dart
booth with balloons as targets. Har-
vey Brody ’56 will be in charge.
Radio Guild will sponsor a penny
pitching booth, under the direction
of Doris Hagen ’54. Commuters
Club will sponsor a garden party
under the supervision of Carol
Sanders '56. John Hanevy '54 will
be in charge of a bowling alley,
sponsored by Press Bureau.

Alpha Epsilon Phi will sell sou-
venir corsages, under the supervision
of Judith Wilen ’56. Inter-Group
Council, directed by Lucille Carella
'54, will sell programs for the eve-
ning. SCA and Newman Club, un-
der the direction of Roger Hawver
'55 and Catherine McCann '56, will
sell souvenir banners and balloons.
Forum members will sell hot pea-
nuts. under the direction of Gerald
Cuba ‘55. D 8:. A Affiliates, under
the supervision of John Orser '55.
will charge all admission fee of
five cents to the Fair.

Concessions will close at 11:00,
and at 11:15 Student Council will
draw tickets on art work donated
by faculty members and Egyptian
crafts donated by Atyaat Nashed,
Grad. Tickets will be sold for 10
cents each or 25 cents for three
throughout the evening.

The artistic services of Pilul
Wheeler, Instructor iii Social
Studies, will be sold in a Chinese
Auction at the end of the evening.
Wheeler has offered to paint to or-
der an oil picture for the winner.

Koster has been assisted by David
Brown '54, treasurer; Carol Lynes
'57, secretary; Frank LilTrug'lio,
Richard Pcrsico. Marilyn Gadd,
Juniors, Patricia Atwood ‘53, sec—
retarial staff; Harvey Brody '56,
publicity; Olga Komanowski '55.
prizes. Miss Newboid and Miss
Lester arc faculty members oi' the
prizes cl imittcc.

SMOKING CAMELS
 Smoke only Camels
for 30 days and find out why
Camels are first in mildncss, flavor
and popularity! See how much

    
 
 

ll J Morin-Iin inborn-I'll .
\\Ill‘lIIII “ills‘lll N l‘

 

 

 

 

 

 

State College

 

1.43. ALBANY. NEW YORK. FRIDAY. MARCH 19. 1954

 
  
 

 
 
    

IMPORTANT
assmmr
TODAY

 

“"'  XXXVI" NO. I.

 

Council Releases SL5, KB Plan
Today's Agenda,- Pledge Parties
Elects Chairman this weekend.

 

SC Votcj To Exchgng. iﬁledges of Sciigma Lamba Sigma
. w sponsor a ate )arty tomorrow
BCM'IC" With COIIGSCS night, announces Dbnaid Whitlock  
At m t d u in '57. The date party will be held in
e s '4 em comm meet 3 the Commons. Its theme will fea-
wedneSday night, the assembly ture “The Last Mile." The comlnit- O   e
agenda was presented, discussion tees for the party are Whitlock. p  S,
gals held: or; the Easgel‘n gone?“ General Chairman; James Esta- c
cence on erence an exc ang ng meme. Rene h n ; . . P S
banners with other colleges. The Chaperones;sBTlfmgs RSSZEi-émlggcs:  S
Chl‘h’ma" 0f Trams for Easter Va‘ orations; Peter Booke, Entertain-
cation was chosen and the Student menu freshmen. '
regular meeting, Tuesday, formu-

Exchange Committee gave a report.

The pledges of Kappa Bow are lated plans for Help Week, reports
The assembly agenda {01‘ tOdaY ‘3 celebrating the vernal equinox with J03“ 3017' 54‘ Pl'eSldent. Repre-
as follows: Discussion of Student a work party at the house wanted sentative pledges from the seven
Union Board, presentation of the at 471 state St” reports Arnold sororities will entertain with a Vu-
SUB budget. discussion of the G0V- Smith '54, President. One of the New Show. Monday evening at
ernment Revision Committee pro- features of this party will he the seven, at the Veterans‘ Hospital.
DOSﬂlS. DOmlna-UOHS for JUHlOl‘ Pl‘Om palhtlhg of the llvlhg- mom by the Five sororities will hold open houses

Queen by the Juniors, and general pledges under me direction of Rich- and parties during the weekend.
announcements. m-d Chum-d v57. pledge Captain During the week pledges will be
' F iii charge of dancinr, crafts, swrts.
The Que-9‘10“ 0‘ 58mm“: “’0 dele‘ and cookllig iii theEClinton Silunre

gates to the ECSC to be held on  ' L' ,r, . . , , . .,
March 26 and 27' was brought up   Neighborhood House. Each soxoiity

‘ will auction :1 box at lunch, at noon,
Lind it WM deemed to ﬁnance the iii the Commons and the Cafeteria

trips of three students from the P '  . , . ,. , ,
science department who al'e pre- f' Inns  alglfllulntlilgllétmil}: Iiit’U‘rk.
seating papers at the conference. ; l . n . si. on

o bids.

New Paltz State Teachers College  Slate F Olr Chi Sigma Theta will entertain
and Rhode Island College of Educa- the facility with 11 Bufch Slipper,
Llon sent, letters to Student Council Awards for me best slmw and Sunday. froln five to seven. June
requesting that we exchange school the best concession have been an- Fl‘t'lllli‘l' '54. PI'CSiClt‘nl. H‘VL‘HIS that
banners with them. Council ap- nounced by Ronald Kostcr ‘55, Mildt‘lellw Meier '54 will not us
proved unanimously. Chairman of State Fair for 1954. Chairman of this event. Commit-

_ winners of the paintings uhd 1mg tees for the buffet are: Invitations,

Charles BeCleth 55' Chalmm“ were also released by Kostcr. b Olinu Fusco; Food. Vivian Schiro;
0‘ “18 StUdf—‘m EXChEnE’ne commit" ,, ElllCi'lilllltllCllL, quncttc Scuruno;
heel reported  the comnuttee SLUdEIiL UIIlUII Board LOOK lil'Sl Suphonnnfq
has decided that there wouldn't he place for the best concession with ‘ ‘ " ,

“me enough to carry out me pm- their “Place the Profile" booth. The K‘l‘l'p‘,‘ ‘ng‘ “"11 “Md?” Qlw“
3mm mus year, but u was agreed pmmes were those of me State House 101 otlltcsmen tonight from
8 to 11 pm, according to Mabel

Inter-Sorority Council, at their

mm it Should take place next year College faculty. Pottel Club‘s "Pot- ‘ .r ‘ T I _,
before Thanksglvmg. belligralph" and Commerce Club‘s SLhWL‘l/‘C‘ 04- Plemdem-
‘ lee oi‘ Fortune received liUll()l'~ Saturday evening, Phi Della will
Chairman of the (40111111le013 l0 able mehtlml. hold a date party with Albany Col-
obtaln information on tl‘ﬂlnﬂ 101‘ . lcgc of Pharmacy accordillu to
Easter Wm he Frank LoTx-ugho and The prize for the best show wus Faith Humon .54‘i31_(,mmm "
the alternate will be Ann Tobey. SCClll'ed by Hillel for their Israeli . . A ,3 ' A... ' .
l .. Dances and )l'CClSllill routines Hon- C‘m’l sunk“ and Kmy wine's”
Jun 01s. . .l " Sopholnol'cs. were formally initiated
oiable mention went 10 Kappa Dcl- in, . , n , . _
, ., , ,‘ _ .o Gilinlnll kappa Phi, announces
-l  m“ OKndyh saloon bhow' Mliry Aim Frosciltorc  President.
  Louis Carr and Maurice _Bouvicr. Alpha Epsilhh pm will hold ,m
30131101110105. W011 F110 Rildlll Gillld open house for Siiilcslncn, Saturday
 D- and Debate Council prizes. l‘t'slx‘c- from eight to eleven. Chairman for
 Lively- the event will be Helene Shuir '56.
Winners of the facility ruffle wcl'c Committee hellds include the fol-
Dramlltics and Arts Council has Dr. Karl Peterson. Professor of lowing: Invitations, Shciln Slilngcr
selected J. Ruben Garcia '56, to be Music, Dr. Mary E. Grcnnnder's and Joy Harrow: Decorations. Elen-
director of the forthcoming All 001- painting; Dr. Grcnnudcr is Assistant, nor Goldman; Refreshments. Chili'-
lege Skit to be held on Moving Up Professor of English; John Mor— li-ilc l‘lollundcr: Nilinc Tugs. Sondra
Day, announces Alan Weincr '56, riscy '55 won the hilndbilg dollutcd Scheclcr; and Guest Book, Mlllll'll
for D dz A Council. Coordinator by Atyilut Nuslied: Dorothy Rus- Ncwnnln, Sopliolllol'es.
of the skit will be Dolores Montill- lnussen '56 was the recipient of the Bcln chn will hold on Open
Dana '55. ivory pen holder, also donated by House for RPI tonight lronl ii lo 11
A sign-up sheet for all students Miss Naslicd. Additional winners |).lll., according to Carol Scllrciner
who would like to work on the skit were Robert Henderson '56, Dr. ‘54, President. Committee chilil'nicll
has been posted in Lower Draper. Watt Stewart's art work. and Jolnl for this event are: Elllcrloiilnlan,
People who are interested are urged Stllhllnun '5'7, winner of Margaret Jcllncllc Scurilno '56; Al'rilllgclncnls.
to sign up immediately, as the sheet Hiiyes' puinling. Alpha Epsilon Phi lilllll'il Bruno ‘55; Refreshments,
will be removed licxt Wednesday. won the Chinese uuclion which gave Mall'ic (irunl ‘55; Clciin-Up. Nilncy
Drainiltlcs and Arts 0011116“ 1111- tllcnl Pilul Wheeler's services for Slruz ‘57; lllid Greetings, llcln'lcllil
nounccs that Work on the All CUl- ollc painting 01' their choice. Dllforl. '56.
lege Skit will be one 01' the fields ----> A .. . _ _ _
in which DiitA tryouts can earn [4 .
hours. These hours will be counted g gd‘taad Ma/ae ll’ewdH
as credit toward membership in M ,
Driuniltics and Arts Affiliates.

  

 

 

Students To Receive
Semester Scholarships

Ainiu'd Gelbond. Financial Sccl‘c—
tury. requests all students holding
New York State Scholarships lo
pick up their scholarship checks ill
the Business Office, Room loo,
Draper.

Stidellls are urged by the oilil'i‘
lo pill up these checks us soon as
possible.

These scholarship checks lll‘l‘
uwul‘ded lo students who puss ll
stiltc scholarship cxulnillutlon given
in high school during their sclnoi'
your.

The scholarship checks amount
to $175 per semester. extending
over ll period of right semesters.
and are used by the students ill
their discretion.

in order to retain the scholar-
ship. a student mUSL llllillllhlll uh l'lcturrd from left to I‘lu'lit are the Desk [C(lllors who ""1 oul lhls
iWul'ilBO 0l "0". While attending u week's issue: (‘ol'lllne ltildrcni'. Ronald Lin-key. (‘iu'oi Ann l.ul‘t. and
SNW'M’DWWG 0011080 01‘ llllth‘l'h‘lly Mlccn ('m‘llrunc. Absent: Arnold Newman.

year's play will be "Tovurich,"

hil ill New York City ill the late
It will be presented May
21-22 by the AD class.
will be free with student tux ticket.
» and Fritz Crulnb, Seniors; Donna
Dubiel‘f, Marlin Bush, Grad; Olga.
Soiliu Bush: Count Foodor Breken-
ski, Donald Voellingcr;
John Liling': Charles Dupont. Harry
Will'r; George Dupont, Donald Du-
cles; Mudlimc Chillii‘fourier Dubielf,
Doris Hagen, Seniors; Prince Mikuil,
Grand Duchess

pont, Arlene Yanks; Helene Dupont,
Fran Vcl'vcn; Madame Villl Hclncsl,
and Cominisszlr

Pedagogue Sells
Yearbook Shots

There will be u sale of old Pcdu-
gogue pictures next week. according

uppcurcd in inst year‘s
ycul‘book and those not used ill this

They will be on side ilt il dcsk lll
Lower Hustcd froln Monday through

l'or each picture.

Pcd bulletin board ill Lower Huslcd

will probnl.)ly be ready for (iisil'ibll~
tloll solnclinlc ill Mily.

Faculty Wives' Club
Sponsors Card Party

The li‘ucllliy Wircs‘ Club of

Mrs. Scllullxc is file wife of l... W.

The l“lll'llll)’ Wires" Club i-ollducls
this crclll ulllllullly. (‘icncrul (‘llull‘-
llllul lor the curd party is Mrs. Ros-

('olnlncl'cc

'l‘ll’lil'lﬁ will be sold for fifty cents
All proceeds froln the curd
pul'ly will be dolullcd by the Club
to tho
foreign student at Stuic.

uplccc

 

Ma. : “i

Student Association To: "ebate
“wrestlereassess: Propose Constitutional Changes

Government Revision Committee

Will Lead Assembly Discussion

. Today in assembly, the Government Revision Com-
mittee will lead discussion on the report submitted to Stu-
dent Association last Friday, which was placed in the form
of a constitutional amendment. Tile committee plans to
center its discussion about the legislature, with a re-
emphasis or brief sketch of the major changes. Kathleen
Anderson ’54, Chairman of the Committee, will act as

'A meeting was held Wednesday evening at 5:30, pre-
ceding the regular session

AD Completes
Casting For Play

Class
has completed casting for the all-
1111211 spring play. states Agnes E.
Futtcrer. Professor of English. This The l'eiml't RS Dl'eselltEd by the
by Committee is felt by the group to

of Student Council, in the
Government Room. to prepare ar-
guments for and against the pro-
posed amendment.

The committee lnitlated its work
in January and its formation is the
result of a lnotion made in assem-
bly last fall. The content of that
motion stated that compulsory as-
sellibllcs would be discontinued at
such time as a revised form of gov-
ernment goes into effect.

be the best plan that can be sub-
stituted for the present government.

In addition to Miss Anderson, the
other committee members are:
Frances Allen, Faith Hanson,

Hughes, Mary Ann Johnpoll, Thom-
us Dixon, Marilyn Spegeie, Juniors:
James Wrinn ’56. Clyde Payne,
Morton Hess, Sarah Jane Duffy,
and Dominick DeCecco, freshmen.

Members of SA are urged by the
Committee to bring page four of
last week's News, containing the
whole report, to assembly, to facili-
tate discussion.

If the amendment is passed,
which requires a two-thirds vote of
members voting, the committee
plans to sublnit recommendations
to the various officers and organ~
lrililons. These recommendations
will carry committee suggestions
aimed at facilitating the smooth
run of the government under the
new ulnended Constitution.

The Committee urges students to
participate ill the planned discus-
:loll, due to the fact that the pro-
posed change is felt by them to be
of major importance as far as the
status of the role played by stu-
dents in government is concerned.

Graduate Enrollment

To Submit Schedules

Seniors who pluil to start their
graduate study at Stutc during the
summer or full term of the next
academic year, ‘54-‘55, are urged to
submit their upplicutlons and inter-
view Dr. Edgar Flintou, Director of
irildiiillc Studies, before the end
of April. Applications may now be
obluincd ill the Director's office,
105 Drilpcl'.

Grildulllc studies are available in
the leaching fields of the liberal
uris and ill the sciences, commerce,
librilry science, speech, u'nd educa-
tion. Spi-ciill programs available in
education include: advanced class-
roin touching. developmental read~
mg. guidance service, and secondary
cdliculion.

The program on speech is a new
ol'lering starting next September.
Silllll‘lllh colliplcting this program
(nullify for permanent certificates
ill speech and ill their teaching
fields Persons interested in this
ll'ogruln should consult Dl‘. Shields
M'll\\'llllll‘, Chairman of the Eng-
lish Iii-purtlncni.

Slllill‘llls interested ill other gradw
uiuc pl'ogl'uclls are encouraged to
consult dcpilrtlnein chairmen ill the
fields of their interest.

