 

 

‘PAIII '"’

 

.

Clesnup . . .

During the past week both Campus Commission
and Student Union Board took steps to remedy a
prevalent campus condition which has certainly mer-
ited their'attention. However, it is assuredly not a
complimentary commentary on our maturity as a
group of colleg students when a “state of untidiness
and general tilt. V” necessitates the closing of the Stu-
dent Union garhe‘ room and the posting of a police
force in the Commons.

The. Commons and the Game Room are designed
for an'informai atmosphere, it is true, but an atmos-
phere in which cigarette butts, coke bottles, paper
and food containers are tossed about with wild aban-
don isTIéss‘ than informal; it’s downright slovenly.
We certainly find a clean, orderly room a more pleas-
antplace in which to be. Why can’t we maintain
such a condition? It really isn't asking much.

'._..e're.‘You There? . . .

The past two sessions of Student Association As-
sembly have been notable for the wide open spaces
confronting the speaker. As yet attendance at As-
sembly is compulsory for all members to whom seats
have been assigned. Revised second semester seating
charts have now been posted. In today's Assembly,
east-st several weeks to come, budgets for the various
antes organizations will be submitted to the Asso-
ciation’s approVal..--" These budgets involve the spend-
ing“oi a-‘great d‘eai‘ot our money, so it should be of
vital- concern: to each of us, not only to be present
and find cut where his money is going, but to take
an active part in deciding just what expenditures
are worthwhile.

 

 Dungeon . . .

 To‘jshy that the State College Cafeteria in lower
Hosted; is inadequate is to put it mildly. With the
present. facilities. the staff is doing very well to
prcilide as well as it does for the number of students
served'each day. We wonder what will happen next
year .with an increased enrollment. The situation is
by nomeans a new one. In the past three years new
management and the Opening of the two additional
rooms have been a distinct improvement, but the fact
remains that the cafeteria is lacking in both efficiency
and comfort. »

The installment of modern, and sturdier, tables
would add much to the place. More people could be
accommodated at a time, and far more comfortably.
If the windows were curtained and something other
than psychological green put on the walls, the appear-
ance of the rooms would be much improved.

It is unfortunate that lunch period is not longer
than half an hour. This results in the crowded lines
and mad scramble from classes with which we are
all only too familiar. It also results in a very untidy
eating place left for those of us who are lucky enough
to have a. convenient break later.

While waiting for improvement, the least any of
us can do is to use the ash trays, place the trays on
the tables provided, refrain from writing on the walls,
and be as considerate as possible of the next fellow.

 

3
STATE COLLEGE NEWS
"TAILIIHID MAY role
or run cues or role
Medalist CSPA First Place APC
VOL. XXXVIII February 26. 1954 No. 16

Members of the NEWS staff may be reached Tuesds and
{Wyaazimnhn iill spigiio Mitiii'ﬁadm' Ex" 11' Pylon“;
, - ; si 0 (, '- ; rx - '
sun“, 3.3326. i. and Gerig, 2 9012,

Tim undergraduate newspaper of the New York State
Dunc, for Touche": published every Friday of the College
you the me Board for the Student Association.

I'll." HM - - - - - - - - - - - IditIr-ln-Ohlef
ness mm - - - e - - - - - Oo-Msneglng Editor
I“! Gilli} - - - - - - - v Co-Msnealng Editor
'0'“ IUII'II - - - - - ~ - - Public leistiens Editor
All“ IAIIOIAN - - - - - - - - Circulation later
IOIII‘I “mu - - - - e - - - - - Sports lditev
III-a IOIWIIZII - - - Business-Advertising Issuer
M Ill" - - - - - - - - - - Associate Editor

 

All communications should be sadreseed to the edi

lest Ito and. Names will be withheld upon 
The In COLLIOI NIWB assumes no renpo illty
lsr spit-ions expressed in its columns or communications
so seelt sent-eons do not neceessrliy reﬂect its view.

‘0"

 

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIRAY. FEBRUARY 26. 1954

 

3. Helmets

 

4W 3W

 

When first passing through the
Holy Portal of Minerva, I was
astounded by many things, both big
and small. The efficiency of col-
lege life, the hard and fast rules
for freshmen, the friendliness of
the upperclassmen, and many oth-
ers. They painted a cinerama im-
possible for the novice to compre-
hend.

One of the first major things I
noticed was the lack of Fraternities
on campus. I asked some of my
revered classmates if they had seen
or heard anything. No, they said.
Could this be college life? Is this
the way freshmen are treated——as
outcasts? It was then, by whispered
word and subtle breath, that I found
of the existence of not one, but
FOUR fraternities on the campus.
To say the least, I was overwhelmed.
Why the veiled shroud of secrecy?
It was then that I was told by a
succinct sophomore that I should
look at my Freshman Handbook. I
did. There I found some ruling to
the effect that “there shall be no
rushing until after the IFC smoker
to be held Nov. 19” or something
or other.

Comes the revolution! ! !

So I trumps myself up and I goes
to the smoker. There I am enter-
tained by the fraternities and am
hearing songs the likes of which I
haven't heard Since frosh camp. Is
coming the ending of the smoker
and I am being pounded on the
back by umpteen million “brothers”
and am being invited to “come up
to the house for cards some eve-
ning." I am flabbergasted! The
season is open!

 

ewm
By non LACKEY

Yesterday ’l‘lie Glenn Miller Story
moved from its showing at the
Strand to the Ritz. The record-
smashing hit stars James Stewurt
and June Allyson, and is co-featured
with Maverick, starring Bill Elliot.

Cease Fire!, a story based on the
episodes of it 0.1. Patrol during the
fading hours of the Korean struggle,
replaces the Glenn Miller Story at
the Strand. Fang and claw, Ginger
Rogers and Pat Crowley fight for
William Holden in the co-featurc,
Forever Female.

Judy Hoiliduy, star of “Born Yes-
terday," is appearing at the Palace
in It Should Happen To Youl, along
with Peter Lawford. Completing the
bill is Clutrge of the Lancers in
Technicolor.

Escape I"l'itlll Fort Bravo, starring
William Holden, and Give A Girl
A lireuk are being shown at the
Madison through Saturday.

liell's lluli' Acre. with Wendell
Corey and Evelyn Keyes, and the
musical Geraldine, are scheduled for
presentation at the Grand.

This week's recommendation—tho
Glenn Miller Story—grapevine says
it's really “In the Mood."

 

By A HARRASSED FRESHMAN

 

So I am going to the fraternity
houses and I am meeting all of the
guys” whose names I am not re-
membering too well and I am going
to the Lawrences and the Ockies
and I am having one swell time. I
am thinking that life at State is
going to be hunky-dory and I am
liking it very much.

Then is posing a moot question.
Sometimes is coming an end to the
rushing season for freshmen men,
and am having to choosing maybe
one of the fraternities and maybe
are going to live at a fraternity
house. Is now coming the ques-
tion: “So which one am it gonna
be?" Gee whiz, I like the guys and
they have all been swell to me and
I like their parties and I like their
beer and I am wondering as to
which one it's gonna be for me.

Sometimes we are designed to,

review in retrospect the compulsions
and desires of the inunediate past.

So I am trying to. deeside the
question of the moment. Is it going
to be . . . or maybe . . , Well I like
the guys in . . . but they have bet-
ter beer at . . . .

So now comes the dawn'of reason
and the decision as to what tra-
ternity do I wish to “be linked to
for the next four years of my life.

Does it mean by joining one- frat, .e

I will be losing friends in the other
three? Are the preiiniinaiy rush
parties a falsetto put in to lure the
freshmen in to joining, or are fra-
ternity men sincere in their atti-
tudes. It seems to me that in
choosing the prospective pledges,
some serious thought has been given
to the questions “is he good fra-
ternity material? will he help the
frat by joining, or will he be ll.
detriment? is he prominent in
campus activities" and, “is he a
leader?"

Then we can take the attitude
that fraternities are interested in
furthering their own causes and
providing a social cause for them-
selves and for the posterity of their
organization. They are prejudiced
to the extent that they think their
fraternity best, which is only right.

I have found that at State, un-
like large universities, there is no
great feeling of snobbishness be-
tween the fraternities. Some groups
of the best friends have split up and
joined different fraternities.

Seeing that there is no complex
and prohibitive rulings in fraternity
matters, such as we have just seen
climuxed in the sororities. It is
true that there is active bidding for
freshmen going on us rushing heuds
into its last week or two, and we
are getting to a point where the
critical judging will have to come
to ll head.

Suffice it to say that whatever
on lndividual's choice will be, it
will be it good one. There is much
to be said in favor of all of them,
and it uh boils down to a matter
of personalities and prestige. We
will all be united by feeling and

 

gem-5141»

By HOPKINS and COOPER.
POLITICS EXTRAORDINARY

Curious about the progress of government revision,
we stopped in at the Myskania meeting Tuesday‘ night
to hear one of the proposals dissussed. we:;eupected
great things and were frankly disappoiﬁte‘d.’ As we
understand it, this proposal is designed merely to
eliminate compulsory Assemblies. It does this by
having an elected body of approximately one hundred
to replace the Assembly. Apparently, this body has
no more power to legislate than the present Assembly;
it merely relieves the rest of the student body of the
obligation of participating in school government.
Though all the plans are in a nebulous state right
now, they seem to be headed toward this type of
delegation of Assembly's powers to a smaller elected
group. It's an unhealthy sign at State that more
and more people are willing to sit back and say less
and less. Let‘s not be too eager to give.up,our in-
dividual voices in Our government! ' , V.

.—

 

REARRANGEMENT

Have you heard the story about the Sophomore 'who
was enjoying a chat in the Commons .when a high
official of Campus Commission moved her, look. stock
and cigarette, over to the next social gathering?
Seemed the aesthetic balance of the Commons could
be better maintained if she joined the correct con—
versation group. Apparently, 0.0. has abandoned its
first attempt to keep all the furniture against the
wall, so that one had to rise and take a giant step
forward to talk to anyone down the line. Now, the
campaign seems to be to tastefully arrange our fine
furniture into pleasing groups for social activity. Only
one catch—limit your circle of friends to the number
of chairs in each group, or we may have maladjusted
isolates sitting in the mail boxes.

UM TE DE UM TUM TAY

Attention all optimists! Those among us who ex-
pect to be released . . . er . . . graduated in June
are requested to trot up to the Registrar's bulletin
board to add our names to the list of hopefuls.
Only 106 shopping days to June 13th.

DRAPER SEATS

The seats in the Draper Auditorium seem to have
been designed by someone who is familiar with a
typical college class. The seats are therefore con-
structed for the maximum of comfort in sitting or
sleeping. Just don’t try to take any notes. The
arm rests are so built that if you apply writing
pressure at all. they collapse with n derisive bang,
spraying you with ink and disturbing your less am-
bitious classmates.

ESSAYS. POEMS. SHORT STORIES

This year, Student Association gave its approval to
the idea of an improved Primer with an entirely
different format. This seemed like a great step for-
ward until someone raised the problem of what we
are going to do with so many well illustrated glossy
surfaced blank pages. Which is a round about way
of saying that Primer is short of manuscripts, and
the deadline is Monday. So come all you literary
geniuses. Dig out the manuscript rejected by True
Confessions and submit it to Primer.

STATEMENT OF THE WEEK

Nobody ever answers our questions.

 

College Calendar - - -

 

 

 

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 26

12:00 noon Ped Tryouts Meeting, Rm. 2301.
12:30 pm. Veterans Society, Rm. 20.

8:00 p.m. Hillel Meeting, Ohav Sholom.
8:30 to 12 midnight Chi Sig Open House.

9:00 1). ll]. to 1:00 it. in. APA Rush Pnriy, Brubnclicr.

SATURDAY, li‘EHRU/ut Y 27

9 p. in. to 12 midnight KB Rush Pui'iy, Bl‘illllii'lll'l'.

SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 28
6:00 pm. NEWS Banquet, Lurkin Restaurant.
7:00 pm. Gamma Kiip Party.
MONDAY, MARCH 1
Primer Deadline
8:30 pm. Psi Chun-APA Coffee Hour.
TUESDAY. MARCH 2
7:30 p.m. SCA Meeting, Brubuchcr.

THURSDAY, MARCH 4

12:00 noon IVCF Meeting.
7:15 ll.lll. Christian Science Organization, Bru.

good mm, , v . me? pm a any 7:45 pm. Canterbury Club.

 

 

‘7‘
\_ /‘_f


 :%&WWVWJ¢WaMt.ewr-m  .  ,.

 

STATI COLLIOI NEWS. FRIDAY. FEIRUARY 26. 1084

 

Student's Form
Pi’ycltology Club,-
Plen Meetings

A tpsychology club will be intro-
duce at State College in the near
future, announces Irving A. Taylor,
Instructor in Psychology. Student
Council has approved the new con-
stitution as drawn up by Mr. Taylor.

Several committees have been
tentatively organized to aid in the
formation of this club. These com-
mittees include: Publicity, Arrange-
ments and Refreshments.

The psychology club will endeavor
to' bring before the students of the
College noted psychologists and
psychiatrists. The speakers will
present topics of interest to the
student body and faculty and will
ansWer questions pertaining to their
field immediately after each lecture.

Group meetings will be held at
Brubacher at a time to be an-
nounced in the near future.

Primer Will Accept
Copy For Publicetion

The deadline for material being
handed in to Primer for publication
is March 1, announces Marvin Cher-
noff '54, Editor-in-Chief. Most of
the copy which will be published
has already been turned in, but
there are still one or two pages
that have not yet been filled.

This year Primer is particularly
trying to encourage the creative
talent of students and to issue a
publication that will record the lit-
erary and artistic achievement of
State College. All members of the
student body have been and still
are invited to contribute their cre-
ative writing in the field of short
story, verse, and essay. This year's
Primer will also print illustrations
drawn by student artists, states
Chernoff.

How

sta rted . .

   

local hands.
i had u lot to learn before

l could lead my own l):

I studied singing; eventually

the Colleges kind of liked
my recordings.
Been performing for ’cni
ever since!"

76’ 

 

 

the stars got

Vaughn Monroe

\ E
. , i
 ,l t. (1‘ /, suysz.
% I '  "ln high school,
,,, \ time playing it

/T.- i spent all my spare

ilic Vocals — and found that

 

0m 0a 740 141814

By JOHN LAING

 

The plans of a diabolical murder
plot were unfolded in Page Hall on
Tuesday night when Don Voellinger's
melodrama took place. This play
was a fine example of our AD lab
work, in that it was well-done in
every way. The setting was at-
tractive and well-executed. Its size
enabled a freedom of movement
often lacking in our productions due
to the small stage. But by using all
available space, the stage actually
appeared large. Lighting was ef-
fectively used throughout, the be-
ginning being especially creative, in
that the mood for the play was set
by the near black-out.

The acting, on the whole, was
well-done. Martin Bush, as the
brains behind the plot, sustained his
characterization throughout. His
performance greatly helped to cre-
ate and maintain the “weird and
mysterious" mood. At times. I feel,
he did indulge in some overemphasis
of meaning. For instance, no ref-
erence to the chest was made by
Mr. Bush without a significant
pause, a flash of the eye, and a
raised eyebrow. These references,
if more subtly done, could hays
achieved a feeling of secret knowl-
edge between the audience and Mr.
Bush. However, by over-emphasis,
they were not perceived by the
audience but pointed out to them.

Don Duclos, as the accomplice,
gave a good performance. Physi-
cally, he was his character at all
times, but his voice betrayed this
appearance. Many of the lines just
didn't ring true; however the weak-
ness of the character was clearly
portrayed.

Art Lennig gave a competent per-
formance but lost the full possible
force of his character through un-
derplaying. The filial scene of the
play could have been so much more
spine-tingling had this not been so.
Ted Pederson's performance was ex-
cellent. At no time did he lose his
characterization, and at all times

  
  
  
 
 
 
    
  
 

'llll

ill(l.
(llil

   
 

and 5491/0?

CAME AGEE iTH MORE PEOPLE

i STARTED
SMOKING CAMELS
29. YEARS AGO. THEY’VE
ALWAYS TASTED BEST,
ALWAYS SEEMED MiLDEST.
iTHlNK CAMELS GIVE
My SMOKER MORE
PLEASURE. WHY Nor

TRY THEM ?

M

 

he appeared real. He managed to
arouse one's sympathy through a
clear-cut and genuine portrayal.
Jan Champagne was delightful in
her debut and should produce some
fine work in the future. Gil Schloss
was fine as the servant, and Al
Hutchinson was adequate in his role.

The worst part of Tuesday eve-
ning was the role played by the
audience. Why was it necessary for
laughter to arise at every high point
in the production? These tense mo-
ments can add so much to the over-
all effect of a play if they are not
destroyed. But, with each one, the
mood was broken and necessitated
a rebuilding, only to be broken
again. If the audience gave as good
a performance as the players at
these Tuesday evenings, our season
might be far more successful.

This week's Academy Award nom-
inations, as selected by the Academy
of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences,
are, best actor, Richard Burton for
The Robe. Best actress, Leslie Caron
for her creation of Lili. Supporting
actress, Grace Kelly for Mogambo.
Supporting actor. Frank Sinatra for
his great comeback role in From
Here to Eternity. Best direction,
Billy Wilder for Stalag 17, the story
of soldiers in a concentration camp.

Have you heard about D&A's
Colossal Cleanup Campaign? This
Saturday, all interested are invited
to meet at Page in order to straight-
en up the scene of our dramatic
activities. In future weeks, the
Council is planning to have lighting
demonstrations, make-up displays,
and other interesting and informa-
tive meetings dealing with the ac-
tivities of those working for drama
at State. This should be of special
interest to all freshmen, especially
since credit hours are given for at-
tendance at these meetings. So,
here's a chance to learn and earn.
Don't let it pass by! Remember
the Affiliates” movie.

Popular Singing Star 

Drornollcs “Class
Plans Annual
May Production

The Advanced Dramatlcs class is
going to present a play, at the Al-
bany Academy for Girls Wednesday.
The play, "The Marriage Proposal,"
by Anton Chekov, is a farce in one
act. This play was done not long
ago in one of the Tuesday night,
student-directed plays.

This year the spring play of the
Advanced Dramatlcs class will be
presented on May 21 and 22, ac-
cording to Miss Agnes Futterer,
Professor of English.

“Tovarich,” by Jacques Deval, is
the name of the play, a comedy
centering around Russian refugees
in France. Most of the class will
have a part in the play. However,
there are some minor roles which
can come from outside the class.
Tryouts will be held next week
and notices will be posted on the
English bulletin board so that any-
one interested may try out for a
minor part.

The AD spring play is an annual
affair. Last year the play was
“Berkely Square." All students will
be admitted by their student tax
card.

Stale Will Play Host
To Math Conference

State College will be host for the
annual meeting of the Upper New
York State Section of the Mathe-
maticai Association of America. The
meeting will consist of a morning
and afternoon session, at which
members of the Association will
present papers, Saturday, May 1,
according to Ralph Beaver, Profes-
sor of Mathematics.

About one hundred mathemati-
cians from colleges and universities
of New York State are expected to
attend. The committee on arrange-
ments consists of our own mathe-
matics department staff.

 
 
    
   
 
       

THAN ANY OTHER CIGARETTE 1

Students To Sign
To Administer
Debate Tourney

Students interested in helping with
registration, publicity, social activi-
ties, chairmanship, or timekeeping
for the Second Annual High School
Debate Tournament at State Col-
lege scheduled for March 20. should
contact Marvin Chernoif '54, Stu-
dent Chalrman, immediately. This
tourney is sponsored by the college
with Tau Kappa Alpha, national
honor society in speech, cooperating.

Fifty-four teams have been en-
tered in the novice and experienced
rounds of this tournament, so for.
Those volunteering for chairman
and timekeeping jobs would be al-
lowed to hear teams from their own
high schools if they desire. accord-
ing to Chernoff.

The tournament will include four
rounds of debating starting at I
am. A reception will be held at
Brubacher for all debaters, their
coaches, and the administration at
4:30 pm.

New Club Will Iring
Foreign Films To Stole

A Foreign Film Club is being or-
ganized at state College under the
direction of Hanna Wilfert ’56. This
new group will endeavor to bring
foreign films of high quality to the
college in an effort to increase
understanding of foreign countries
and supplement the program of the
Modern Language Department.

At present there are about so
people who have shown an interest
in such a club, which must have a
minimum of 90 members to exist.
The proposed membership fee is
$1.00 per semester.

All students interested in a group
of this type are requested by Miss
Wilfert to sign their names on a
sheet posted for this purpose on
the Student Council bulletin board.

8. J. Mlnoids To}. Q
Winston-blew N. C

 

START SMOKING
CAMELS YOURSELF!

Smoke only Camels for 30 days —
sec for yourself why Cumels' cool,
genuine mildiiess and rich, friendly
iiiiror give more people more pure
plcusiirc lhuii any .
other cigarette!

 
   

(.

 

.. -..__. -.._- mm 4: '1... .

