 

~0qu we,” and

    

PAGE I

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWQ. 'FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 24. 1954

 

 

Guilty? . . .

Were you in the Student Union this
week? in one of the lounges? in the Com-
mons? If you were, then you undoubtedly
saw,.and perhaps are guilty of, that which
we have pictured to the right of this col-
umn. The end of the first week of. school,
the end of endless hours of cleaning and

reparation. Should there be a correlation?
gile are speaking to the disrespectful and
irresponsible members of Student Assoma-
tion, who completely ignore rules, and
abuse student-owned-and-managed fac11r-
ties. Student Union Board cannot follow
you through the Student Union With a ban-
ner, conveying’ similar requests to that dis-

layed in the Union this week. Campus
Commission cannot enforce its rules either
when so many students are negligent. Is. it
necessary for the Snack Bar to increase its
prices in order to augment its staff so that
the Union may be adequately cleaned each
evening? Is it necessary for Campus Com-
mission to close the Commons at such an
early date? We think not, but it Will depend
upon your conduct.

Grinding Machinery . . .

Resulting from Student Council's initial
meeting Wednesday evening which we feel
will have future significance . . . the estab-
lishment of a permanent Better Govern-
ment Committee . . . a Leadership Confer-
ence scheduled for this semester. It looks
like this year’s assemblies will not be bar-
ren of constitutionally-conscientious stu-‘
dents, still trying to solve the problems of
compulsory assemblies, and attempting to
find a more suitable form of student gov-
ernment. Will anything be accomplished?
This year we feel there will, if only consti-
tutional amendments. As for the Leader-
ship Conference, an idea conceived and
realized last spring, the benefits are not
quite as evident, but they are present. In-
formed and co-operating leaders and ad-
ministration heads will iead school organi-
zations to increased harmony, a much-
needed improvement. It is interesting to
note that Student Council has informed
Men’s Athletic Association that it has until
the latter part of November to prepare the
mandatory inventory requested by Student
Association last year. This should reduce
the annually repetitious above-average loss
in equipment connected With this organiza-
tion, operating under the SA budget.

State vs State . . .

How compulsory is Compulsory Insur-
ance? What happens if you do not pay the
insurance fee and do not have any other
policy? If you have such questions in mind,
bring them to the Compulsory Assembly
this morning. Questions relative to the le—
gality of the insurance-coverage change,
the possibility of the return of the prescrip-
tion coverage, can only be answered by 
Kapner, so avail yourself of the opportunity
to question the insurance company repre-
sentative.

First Place CSPA

  

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

IITAILIBHED MAY IDII

IY THI CLAII OP IOII

 

First Place APC
VOL. XXXVIX September 24, 1954 No. 2
‘ ~ I ' >.luy and
2 he ‘ oi the NMth staff may be rtaciitd l‘uesL I.
Wedxgddilayrbirom 7 to ll pm. at 11-3520, hxt. ll. Ip'lerl‘lL'h.
lackvy li-ll'z’ll llubcn, 2»'l1i'.5u lil'lll, 12-0370. Ashileld. .l-.i.iiiJ.
4 The umiI-rgriiduate newspaper of the New York‘Stato
College for ’l‘eiichers; published every Friday of the College
year, by in. NEWS heard for the Student, Assocliition. ‘
NAID IACKhY - - - - - - - - — lailitor—irhthlel
IP9ELY‘N IliJIII-‘N - ~ - - - - - - - - Managing [Editor
:‘VIIIARD BETTY: - - - - - - - Public Relations Izdltor
I-‘S'lllllr'll. GOLDS’l‘ElN - - - — Circulation-l'.xchiuigo
sauces MONAIIAN - Business-AdVertlslng can":
“WEN Xi'S'l'lli’lr" ' ‘ ‘ i - ' ' :  hing:
‘ ()l. .. .i - - - - - - - - ' :
:i‘iglil'll SWIICIl/AIWSKI - - - - - - - - - - -.h|mrts l.d||tor
AltNUlD NFWMAN - - - - - - - Junior Sports Meniur
Dilltil'l‘lil’ llAnhll'SSth - » > - - e - Junior Sports .‘lt'lllih‘l‘
be addressed to the editor and
will be withheld upon request.
S assumes no responsibility for
as each

Wininunicuiions should
must be signed Nliiillfil‘ V
The STATE COLLEUh Nit.“ . Hum“
opinions expressed in its columns or comment
expressions do not necessarily reflect its view,

W1

“MW—d

. o...'-r .

Top: Commons, late afternoon.

 

    

Bottom: lei’t, tables in Student Union after closing; right, lower

lounge, Brubacber.

My :3an Wat/a MM

 

“Life is very different.

So very different here,

College life is very queer—"

So goes the song, and so went
Monday, September 13, the day all
freshmen registered for four years
at State College. Following a brief
but infnrmativc asembly, the frosh
began seeking their advisers for
help with their schedules. After a
long wait and a short conference
with them. the beanie-less heads
aimed i'or Hawley Library where
they met IBM. This IBM fellow
must be a fascinating character.
couldn't see anything about the
holes in those cards that could tell
a teacher's name, the course being
taken. and least of all something
that might have said Math was my
major. The only use I could figure
out for them was to use them for
book marks while. reading my
monthly Bugs Bunny Comic Book.

Wiihall the forms to fill out, IBM
couldn't have known too much about
us before we arrived, other than
our names. After spending at least
half an hour filling out these forms,
we went to a table known as Sta-
tion 3. Here a few members of the
faculty told us we did everything
wrong. and would have to start over.
Oh well, what's another two hours.

Eventually. we got by that table
to the next one where we spent
most of our small amount of money.
It wasn't. long. only about three
hours before we headed toward the
last lap. Before We lost all our
money, we had our pictures taken.
They must have wanted the pic-
tures before all the money was gone
so that we could smile a little. I‘m

H

 

 

 

 

 

by JERRY BANFIELD '58

_.__—.—-—-

waiting to see if they cut off the
number we held before they put the
pictures on the Student Association
Cards. The final stop was in the
Alumni Office where I left every-
thing I owned except the shirt on
my back. Somewhere along the way.
I lost my friend IBM.

The next day. after a hearty
breakfast at Bru, I walked to school
and ran into IBM again. This time
he was in Draper Annex, Room 349
in a different disguise. He was
going to correct tests. He won't
have too much trouble with my
aptitude tests, ‘cause all he has
to do is mark them all wrong. BUT
—wait until he gets aliold of my
psycho results. The main office will
have to send someone to return
IBM to working order. I don‘t in
the least feel sorry for him tho' if
something does happen. After all,
I think he was getting mighty per-
solial when he wanted to know if
I feel like killing somebody. _

On Thursday. I'm sure most of
the teachers must have been dis-
appointed in the motley crew Mr.
IBM sent them. With a lot of pa-
tience, maybe they can pound sonic-
thing in our heads.

Even though IBM and I didn‘t get
along very well. I am enjoying col-
lege life immensely. The day is full
01' classes, activities, or meals from
seven in the morning 'till three the
next. As the song ends:

"Here I'm in a muddle.

My brain is in a fog.

it‘s a great big puddle,

And I‘m just a little frog."

If I were a song writer. l'd sonic-
how add "But I love it."

..A....... mew-u..- . m .. who»... i... ..d  .W ..N x  . .

 

 

 

1' Dual
m1. ‘ o

I daenm'l:
RQGC'hTQn in

 

l’o The. 'llqwdml's

.- from Brena:- iii

acumen-slain

By JOHNPOLL and QUICK

ANONYMITY . . .

They started during the summer. Then, instead of
subsiding when school began, they grew. And as they
grew they became dirtier and more “choice.” What?
You don't know what we're talking amout?? Well
then you haven't been associating with some of our
more immature and inconsiderate friends. We're
speaking of those people who approach you with
a confiding smile and a vibrating jaw. “Now don't
tell a soul . . . but have you seen ———-—.—-— lately???
They say that ................................... .." Get wise brothers
and sisters. It may prove only to be an interesting
moment or two for you, but it might mar a college
career for someone else!!!

BETA IOTA DELTA

Wowii . . . talk about your social intercourse. Don't
know about you, but we’ve never seen so many friend-
ly upperclassmen . . . Must be a lean year in Greece.

INQUIRING REPORTER . . .

Out of the night they came . . . Where did they
come from . . . Who’s responsible for them . . . Who
said they should and could be where they are. . .
Hmmm? Anyhow, who wants lung cancer? Smoke a
pipe!

TIME FLIES . . .

It really makes you look for the wrinkles and gray
hairs when you notice the same faces who, just a
short while ago, were wearing the little green and
white beanies, and are now trooping to Milne and
off campus, all slicked up in their Sunday best. But
again this year we are faced with the same, deep
psychological dilemma: Why are the Milne students
less susceptible to woolen jerseys than to sweaters?

(‘ASH IN . . .

"Hey, why do we pay that $20.50 Dormitory Author-
ity Fee?" That's a question freqquently heard around
the campus. Well, we’ll clue ya . . . Part of it goes
into the maintenance of the ping-pong tables in the
Union, which outsiders are monopolizing again this
year.

HERE IT COMES AGAIN . . .

Have you heard of the preferential voting system??
Haunt)??? Today being the first day of assembly
reminds us that, according to age-old tradition and
schedule, that sporific subject is due . . . C'mon, you
future teachers, there must be a better pedagogical
technique . . . After all. 13 heads are better than one.

 

POSSIBILITIES . . .

According to our favorite crystal ball, the plans for
this year's student government may include the setting
up of a permanent constitution revision committee
and the definite maintaining of compulsory assem-
blies. Tell us more. Swami. these both sound like
good ideas.

EYE-SORE . . .

The year is young, but the lounges at Bru have that
“cnd-of—the-year" look. Why? Weren't they cleaned
during the summer? Or, have State students forgotten
that the lounges are for their use, not misuse.

HOW ABOUT THAT . . .

We all agree that the prices in the Union are very
reasonable . . . Only the prices aren't going to remain
at this reasonable level if the customers don't start
taking back their dishes. and don't begin taking care
of the utensils. The word is out i'rom Student Union
Board.

ASSEMBLY . . .

All we want are the facts! Where are you going to
be between 10 and 10:50 today? If you're going to be
in Page. y,,u can expect to see the first assembly
of the year. If you're going to read the paper there.
DON‘T! Pay attention to student government!

I'LAIVDI’I‘S ’l‘() . . .

Sue Barnhart i'or one of the best-organized All-
Collcge Receptions we‘ve ever seen. The Show was
good; the ii'osli talent is something to watch; and
a fine evening was had by all.

 

College Calendar - - .

FRIDAY. Sltl"l‘ltl\lllliR 24

10:00 a.m. Assembly. Page Auditorium

2:00 pm Freshnuin Handbook distribution, Lower
HllSlt‘il or Draper~

4:00 pm. Ni‘Ws Meeting i'or Stall, P.O., Brubachei‘

8-10 pm. President's Reception, Brubacher

SATURDAY. Slil"l‘l£MliliR 25

8:00 1).lll. BZ Open House for Statcsnicn

9:30 l).ill. Directory meeting. Brubacher l-Iall.

SUNDAY. SEP'l‘liiVlllliR 20

0:30 pm. Newman Club Bill'lJCClii.‘

MONDAY. Slil"l‘liiillll'3R 27

7.30 |).lll. KB Meeting
7:30 |).ill. 81.8 Meeting

TUESDAY. SEP'I‘ICMDICR 23
7:30 1).lil. Music Council Meeting, Brubncher Activi-
ly Ronni.

\‘t’lCDNICSDAY, Slil"l‘ldi\llilﬁlt 29
3-5 pm. Commuters Club reception, Brubitchcr Up-
per Lounge.
7:30 pm. Cub classes i'or l“l‘i!b‘llillilll and Upperclass—
men, Bruhnchcr Activity Room No. if
THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 30
8:00 p.iu. l'rimer Meeting, Brubucher Activity l'tooili.

 

Religious Clubs

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 24. 1954

 

You' Too

Commuters Club Directory Worlc College 

  

PAGE I

.u
\.

Announce Plans can Have Class Plans Reception To Begin Soon Applications’For

For Weekend

The Religious Clubs‘ activities for
the coming weekend include a, bar-
becue and vesper services.

Newman Club has scheduled a
barbecue for Sunday. The barbecue
will be on the back lawn of the
Newman Hall grounds. A contribu-
tion of fifty cents will be asked of
members attending the outing, re-
ports Catherhie McCann ‘56. Pres-
ident.

Newman Club meetings are held
every other Thursday evening at
Newman Hall on Madison Avenue.
Club functions include lectures, dis-
cussion study groups, corporate
communions, a retreat, Holy Hour
services, and varied social activities.
‘The Student Christian Associa-
tion will hold vespers Tuesday af—
ternoon at 4 pm. in the Unitarian
Church on Western Avenue. Every-
one is welcome.

SCA offers timely discussions led
by local clergymcn, supper meetings
for discussions about personal faith
and Bible study, opportunities to
hear outstanding speakers, weekly
chapels, and community service.

SPO Asks Names
Oi Late Registrars

Those students who did not have
their picture taken for their Slud-
ent Activity Card, in Ronni 111 dur—
ing registration do not have their
names on file, according to Ronald
Koster ‘55. These students should
report to the Student Personnel
Ofi'ice. Draper 110 and give their
name as not having their pictures
taken, so that a complete list may
be compiled.

These pictures of the late regis—
trars will be taken after the Student
Activity Cards have been released,
so that the pictures that will have
to be retakcn 01' pictures that did
not turn out may be taken at that
time.

In case you haven’t been
scooped, all those characters
you’ve seen strutting around the
corridors wearing white shirts
and ties aren’t Fresh who missed
the boat to Harvard. No indeed.
And just because you see girls
in heels and nylons, don‘t think
they're untouchably wealthy.

They‘re just Student Teach-
ers in their, ahem. profession-
al attire. And you should just
see them clad in dirty sweat-
shirts slaving at lesson plans
over their beat up typewriters.
Ila, that's a switch.

Yes, there comes a time in eiTery
Senior‘s life when Milne. beck-
ons. For about a hundred Class
of ’55ers, last week was it. For
sixteen weeks they’ll be lost in
a fog of audio-visual aids, dis-
ciplinary techniques and late
slips.

So, enjoy informality while
you may. You too can, and may.
become a Senior someday.

Radio Guild Begins
Fall V.A. Program

Members of the New York State
College Radio Guild have begun a.
series of programs at the Voter-
ans Adininistration Hospital an-
nounces Nancy Feder '55, President.
Mary Knight ‘57 did the first show
yesterday over the hospital radio
sysicizi.

 

All freshmen who are interested
in working for Radio Guild are
urged to sign up on the Radio Guild
sheet on Activities Day. The Guild
was established to present radio
programs as a. means of informing
the public of the work of the Col-
lege and its organizations and to
offer students an opportunity i'or
radio experience.

For Freshmen

A reception will be held by Com-
muters Club for both freshmen and
transfer students on Wednesday,
from 3 to 5 pm. in the upper
lounge of Brubacher Hall. All fresh-
men and transfer students are iii-
vited, announces Nancy Gade ’57,
Vice-president.

Serving on the committee hand-
ling the details of the reception are
Norma Barney ’56, publicity, Joan
Gade, program, Sophomores. Jane
Whitehurst '56, will be Mistress of
Ceremonies for the entertainment
which will feature acts by Elaine
Swarthout, Anne Ferrisli, and Jay
Gorham.

The purpose of Commuters Club
is to be gain greater united repre-
sentation for those members of the
student body who commute daily.
At present, the club sponsors many
avtivities, among which are a news‘
paper and a Soc-Hop.

The present officers of the club
are : President, Mary McCann ’55;
Vice-president, Nancy Gade'57;
Secretary. Joan Render-t ’57; Treas-
urer, Helen Cassavugh '57; Publi-
city Director, Norma Barney ’56.

Students May Obtain
Freshmen Handbooks

Any upperclassmen who would
like to obtain a copy of this year’s
Freshmen Handbook may obtain one
at 2 pm. today or next week from
9 to 4 pm. in Lower Husted or
Draper.

Student Tax Cards from last
year must be presented by upper-
classinen who wish to own one of
the copies. Freshmen who did not
obtain their copies may have one
also.

The Editor-in-Chief for the pre-
sent handbook is Barbara Monica
'56. The handbook is published an-
nually as a guide for incoming
freshmen.

Assignments for work on the State
College Directory will be made at
a meeting tomorrow at 9:30 am.
in a Brubacher activity room, re—
ports Ann Dvorak '55, Editor.

All those students who are in-
terested in working on this year's
publication and are unable to at-
tend the meeting should contact
Miss Dvorak through Student Mail.
At this meeting work on this year's
publication will begin. The Direct-
ory contains the names, the col-
lege and home addresses and tele-
phone numbers of all State College
students and faculty.

Students are needed for typing.
proofreading, and art work. Sign up
sheets are posted on the bulletlii
board in lower Husted and the
Student Council bulletin board in
lower Hosted and the Student
Council bulletin board on the first
floor of Hosted. Volunteers are also
requested for cover designing of
the Directory.

Library Plans
Student Exhibits

The College Library is planning
a schedule of exhibits for the semes-
ter. The librarians will welcome any
material owned by faculty and stud-
ents that may be used for display
purposes. If anyone has any nia-
terial and is willing to have it dis-
played iii a locked case for two or
three weeks. they may speak to
Mrs. Motisher or Miss Hastings in
the library.

Suggested iiiatcriais are: interest-
ing hobby collections. material ac-
quired on trips to foreign countries
and materials of seasonal interest.

Requests for exhibits in connec-
tion with course units or for spe-
inl occasions will be considered.
These exhibits may be arranged by
faculty members, students or libra-
rians, depending upon the wishes of
the exhibition.

Fulbright Grants '

Students To Receive
Tuition And Expenses

Applications for Fulbright Schol-
ships for foreign study are now be-
ing accepted in Room 339 Draper
Annex. announces Dr. Munro, As-
sistant Professor of Modern Lan-
guages. All applications must be in
before October 15.

All students applying for schol-
arships must have received their
A. B. degree by June of 1955.

The awards will enable students
in all fields of graduate work and
those with specialized research pro-
jects to study in foreign institu-
tions and universities under re-
nowned professors and specialists.
There are openings for studies in
many countries of Asia, Europe and
South America. Grants are also
available to students with records
of accomplishment in such fields
as music. art, architecture and
drama.

The grants are made under Pub-
lic Law 584, 79th Congress, the Ful-
bright Act. which authorized the
Department of State to use cer-
tain forelgii currencies and credits
acquired through the sale of sur-
plus property. Grants are nonnal-

made for one academic year
and generally include round trip
transportation, tuition or a stip-
end, a living allowance and a small
amount for necessary books and
equipment. All grants under the
act are made in foreign currencies.

In the past many professors of
the New York State College for
Teachers faculty have received these
awards and have studied abroad.
Last year Elizabeth Hunter ’54 re~
ceived a scholarship to study in
Italy during the present academic
year.

 

 

...AND HOW IT STARTED

Dul'ill.\.\‘ ill-Iliiil suns: “After leaving
the University of Florida i\\'liei'e l'd
sold yearbook ads i. I had big. crazy
ideas :ll)()liL making new kinds of
spectacular displays. So I bought it
lli'ownie and Went to New York to
photograph rooftops. My first sign was
a huge. straining coffee cup on
Broadway. A i: age 23 I was start ing

to learn an exciting business!"

START SMOKING CAMELS
YOURSELF! Make the .‘lii-dny

(‘uniel illildncss 'l‘est. See how (‘ulnels
giro you more pure pleasure! See I'm-

yoin'seli' \vhy (‘uinels‘ cool Iinlilness
and rich iiuvor ugi'ee \vith inorc people
than any other cigarette!

ii. J. lleynnld.‘|‘..ivwoi‘onipam “in lull Salt-in. \ i'

  
   

SUCCESS STORY: t'illlii Is

:1 up ricn's mos-I popular ('iyurr‘llc . , . by [or]

 
  

€“i“i‘|\\\\*‘\;\\‘\
dial“! “fa

6‘ ‘\  .l

‘1‘  ..rje

. l

0/ sfarfeo’ ﬂock/77g m (0/4236.
[0} / 7 year: /i’/e egg/ed
G’me/s’I/noo/A rm/ofzerr

and

good r/cé ﬂat/oz:

ifgg ougof 2b 79y (Ea/mold ’

Qamér

Creator of Broadway's Glam Spocioculau

WITCH,
nearer

 

    
   
     
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
     
 

 

 

 

