 

PAOI I

Closed.Door:,Discussion . . .

Meetings of any organization functioning under the
Student Association Constitution are open to every mem-
ber of SA. Myskania recently ruled that an organization

 

4m 71.. came
mam

could close their meetings to outsiders if they were going Positive

to discuss individuals in connection with elections or matci To the Editor:

ters of a personal nature, the reason being, opinions voice

on candidates should go no farther than the meeting and

those people in attendance.

For the past few weeks Student Council has been using
this privilege freely. Consequently, non-members of Coun-
cil or “outsiders” were requested to leave..Wednesday eve-

May I add my meed of praise to
the many congratulations you must
be receiving for your courageous de-
fense of the principle of public de-
bate of controversial issues? Admit-
tedly, the topic chosen involves com-
plex political and moral issues, but

ning all non-members were asked to leave twice: first for they can hardly be clarified by a

the election of freshmen to the All College Revue Commit-
tee and second for" the election of a State Fair Chairman.
In the second case technicalities arose and discuss10n was

refusal to examine them, or to per-
mit them to be examined. The posi-
tion of intellectual leadership ill this
matter that you, as editor of the

not held, thereby creating an unnecessary dismissal and State College News, have taken is

departure of many in attendance.

In the past it has been the practice of Student Coun-
cil to exclude non-members only when elections concerned

particularly admirable.

The pride I feel in my association
with a college whose administration
and students have demonstrated

a position traditionally kept secret, for example, the Mov- their. allegiance to the canons of
ing Up Day speakers. Organization heads were allowed to free mqnn'yand open discussion is
remain in the meeting, offer suggestions and part1c1pate one Of the Intangible rewards of a

in discussion. Last year the Editor of the News as well as

other organization heads was allowed to remain in the
meetings when the Inter-Collegiate Assomation represent-
atives, All College Revue Director and committee, State
Fair Chairman and others were elected. The discussion on
the candidates was not printed in keeping with the policy
that a news story is published only when officially released
by an organization. _ I _ .

Organizations should, in our opinion, share in dis-
cussing the people they will work with or Will represent
them. The News would like to retain its right to remain
in the meeting, except when tradition is involved, even
when others are requested to leave. We would like aquali-
fication on the attendance practice.

Law Enforcement . . .

In view of the affluence of negative discussion at the
last Assembly concerning the revised Campus Commission
regulations and Constitution, it would appear that a ma«
jority of the people in this college have little or no regard
for school property or the rules governing it. Rules can-
not be effective until they can be enforced. We, therefore,
want to see Campus Commission given the power to en-
force their regulations when the final vote is taken in
Assembly.

The proposed penalty that reference be given to the
Dean with the recommendation for suspension from school
for one week for the third violation has been received un-
favorably. In actual practice very few people would reach
this point if they were thoroughly acquainted with the reg-
ulations. In opposing the passing of this article, objectors
are condoning those persons who would willfully violate
the rules.

Without the approval of Student Association, Campus
Commission is without power to apprehend those people
who persevere in defacing school property and flaunting
the rules that are for the good of the majority. The re-
opening of the Commons after it was redecorated had a
short-lived effect on those students who make use of it.
They have returned to littering the floor and ashtrays
and piling books and coats on chairs and tables. It is
nothing to be proud of.

The subject has been debated year after year without
result. A wise and final decision to award Campus Com-
mission with the power it needs to uphold its regulations
could solve the problem .

 

         
   
   

   

p  STATE COLLEGE NEWS 

.
it "I
., It
 II'TAILIIHID uAv tote 'fty'
iv‘it
s r or "II CLAII or lol- "i

First Place ACP
No. 11

First Place CSPA
VOL. XXXIX Deember 3, 1954

Members of the NEWS stuff may be reached Tuesday and Wednesday from
7 to 11 p.m. at 2-3320, Ext. 11. Phones: Lackey, 3-0217; Ruben, 02-0570; Itcltz. 2-0711;
Swlerzowski, 2-8744; Moore, 21-8320.

The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State College for Teachers: pub-
lished every Friday of the College year by the NEWS Board for the Student Associa-
t on.

RONALD LACKEY - - — - - -
EVELYN RUBEN - - - ~ - -
WILLARD REI’I‘Z - - - —
JOANNE MOORE -

ESTHER GOLDS'I‘EIN

FRANCES MONAIIAN ‘ -

AILEEN COCIIBANE - - - - - - -
CAROL ANN LUFT - - - - - - - - - - Associate Editor
JOBEI’II SWIEIIZOWSB - - - - - - - - Sports Editor
ARNOLD NEWMAN - - - e - - - ~ - Junior Sports Member
DOROTHY _R_A§1_tIUHSEN__ - - - - Junior Sports itlctnhur

Editor-in-Cillcf

- - livIolloirinitr Editor
Public Relations Editor

- Feature Editor

- Circulation-Exchange
Busincsii-Advertising Editor
- Associate Editor

 

JOIIN KNAI’I'_ - - - - - Hill" Photographer
CAROL ANN LUF’I‘ - - - - e - - - - Issue Editor

 

All comillunicutlona should be addressed to the editor and must be signed. Ntuncs
will be withheld on request. The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility ior
opinions expressed in its columns or colnlnuniuotlonu, us such expressions do not
necessarily reflect its views.

 

W1

 

profession we are all committed to.
You have added your individual tal-
ents to a tradition as old as Soc-
rates and as American as Henry
David Thoreau. We in the human-
ities can hardly fail to recogllizc the
importance of what you have done.

Very sincerely yours,

M. E. Grenandcr,

Associate Professor of English.

Pasadena, California.

Negative

To the Editors:

It's a little dead and gone by now,
but I would like to comment on the
editorial in the last paper concern-
ing the jazz concert. Instead of
enumerating the inaccuracies and
half-facts, I better go through the

facts.

October 10, the President of SA
was contacted by Woody Herman,
and Student Council agreed to spon-
sor the concert they offered. The
band cancelled the date, so the
whole matter was dropped. It hap-
peiled on October 20, that Music
Corporation of America contacted
the President of IFC, telling him
Max Kaminski would be passing
through Albany the night of No-
vember 10, and would IFC like to
sponsor a concert? IFC couldn't
handle it because of finances and
Winterlude, so SC took OVer. The
motions concerning technicalities of
the financing during assemblies that
Friday and the next in no way im-
paired the concert planning already
well underway. iThe All-State Day
financial motion wasn‘t passed un-
til almost a month after that date.
yet this "red tape" iii no way hin—
dered their plailning or successi

Tile publicity committee was told
all publicity would be provided by
MCA. Their release stated it was
a good idea to put publicity up a
month before the concert. But the
editorial neglected to stoic that the
main publicity wasn't sent to the
school until only 7 days before tile
concertli

That covers the inaccuracies, now
for the insinuations: The editorial
used the word "blame" in relation
to the debt incurred, Frankly, coli-
sidoriiig the conditions, I was proud
of SA support and thought the in-
novation was well worth the debt.
The concert was on quick notice,
was on a week night, in the midst
of mid-sems, and cost $75, which
is a lot for a week night’s enter-
tainment. The only “blame” I have
is for those few studellts who coli-
stantly talk the school down, and
then didn‘t bother to support a pro-
gresswe step.

As for taking money from sur—
plus, I agree it is a bad policy to
use the lnoncy for every single
dance But. when something new
comes along with no budget line,
why shouldn‘t Sill'illliS be used in 1111
emergency to finance something the
students otherwise Wouldn't have
had? The editorial suggests that
we should plan our lnnovutlons fur—
ther ahead in the future, ithcrc are
already plans for it Dixieland con-
cert Feb. 20, ok‘h But it is ridicu-
lous to suppose the school should
reject iiil opportunity such as this
with the words "Sorry, but we llilt'i'
to have 6 months planning before
we dul'c try any new venturcsi.”

Also, while l‘m hi it. l'm ill] for
editorials on controversial subjects,
but let‘s try for accuracies. Ill pur—
ticulin', 1 mean the first Debate,
editorial, where the topic wasn’t
even stated correctly, Then the fol-
lowlng week, tllc editor, trying to
justin a previous mistake, quoted
(Continued on Page .3, Column 1)

" STATE COLLIGI NEWS. FRIDAY. DECEMBER 3. 1954

I I. \i
in“,-

 

 

Gammon-Stated

By WITTSCHEN & L0 TRUGLIO

   

LOOKING FORWARD . . .

It seems that the “Turkey Vacation" came just in time. But to
keep us all going. it's nice to remember that there is another vacation
coming up in two weeks.

ANY ONE . . . ?

Since there are so many people who devote much of their time to
playing bridge and there are even experts among them, some of the
students have been asking why there isn’t an organized club or tour-
nament in the school. The answer is that no one has been interested
enough to start one. If you are . . . use your initiative!

LOCAL . . .

Hello to Sigma Phi Sigma .
CHAMPIONS . . .

Congratulations to the Class of 1957 for winning Rivalry. With that
close score you must have been shaking till the last minute. But, it was
a job well done and a prize well deserved. Your skit had lots of audience
appeal and it was evident that the participants had worked hard to
put on a good show.

For the class of ’58, with this year's experience and another good
skit like the one presented on Campus Day, “Just wait till next year."
HARDWORKERS?

An expression of appreciation is due, we think, to Tush Barber
who handled the student rate vacation transportation so efﬁciently.
She had a rush job to do with it since it was overlooked until the last
minute by Student Council. It was encouraging to see someone volun-
teer for 11 job, work at it and complete it successfully. It seems that
some of our "hardworkers" are volunteering for or getting themselves
appointed to committees about which they know little and work at
less. When these people offer to work on a committee and don't know
what it entails and how much time they will have to spend, or lose
interest once they are on the group, the result is that the burden has
to be carried by the others (which seems to the case on the committee
investigating NSA). It would be more sensible for some people to spread
themselves around less and really do a good job on what they are able
and actually interested. Anyway . . . Thanks, Tush.

IN THE SPIRIT . . .

Glad to see the new coat of holiday decorations in the Co-op. Most of
the comments overheard have been favorable. As a State College graduate,
Mr. Bell knows what we students want and tries to meet us all the way.
His new policies have led to better services available for tile students.
HAVE FUN . . .

Don't forget tomorrow night after the basketball game, Student
Union Board will sponsor the ﬁrst in a series of informal basketball
dances after all five of the home games, four of which will have a band.

Another function on the SUB social calendar, will be the informal
Coffee Hour to be held after the Christmas Sing next Sunday night.
WORK DONE AND WORK AIIEAD . . .

Now that thc excitement cf frosh elections is over, we would like
to congratulate all those who were elected. From what we can see, it
seems that these officers were chosen on the basis of platforms given.
Glad to see '58 starting out on the right foot.

Now it‘s up to you to put forth all your effort to learn about our
student government, and to help keep Student Council and our as-
semblies constructive and interesting.

QUESTION OF THE WEEK?
Who will be next week's entertainers at Student Council?

. . good-bye to Alpha Epsilon Phi.

 

College Calendar

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 3

 

11 um. News staff meeting, Room 206.

1 pm. News staff meeting, Room 202.

8 p.111. "Androclcs and the Lion," Page Hull Auditorium.
0:45 pm. Lion Hop, Briibilcher Hull.

SA'I‘ U RDA Y, DECEMBER 4

10 H.111. Music Council Poster Party, Brubucher Hall.
8:30 pm. State vs. RP] Basketball Gallic, Page Hall Gym.
11 p.111. SUB Buskcibull Dance.

SUNDAY, DECEMBER 5
3 toopm. l) A: A Art Exhibit, Brubucllcr Upper Lolmge.

6 pin. Hillel and SCA Party, Congregation OllilV Sholom, 441
Washington Ave.
7 pm. Student Ullioli Board Meeting, Brubitcher.

TUESDAY. DECEMBER 7

10 um Sophomore Class Meeting, Draper 340.

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 8

7:30 pm. Student Council Meeting, lirulmchcl' Government Room.
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 0

7:30 p.111. Better Governinan Committee, Brubilcilel'.
7:30 pm. "Ivan the Terrible," illnl, Draper 349,
7:30 pm. IVCF Meeting, Brubacher.

'i :30 pm.

Newman Club Meeting, Newman Hail.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS.

State Debaters Win Top Honors

of the five undefeated teams

out of seventy-one pairs of

teams at the University of Vermont Tourney, states Phyl-

lis Bialow ’56, Debate Council
Dartmouth tourney were the
composed of Linda Niles and

President. Undefeated in the
affirmative team from State
Barbara Salvatore, Juniors,

who were victorious over Dartmouth, Harvard and the

University of Vermont.

ﬂedged...

( Continued front Page 2, Column 2)

the SA secretary’s minutes as saying
“Many Catholic schools, some 200
in number rejected the topic,"
whereas the minutes actually read
“---some 200 schools rejected the
topic —— including many Catholic
schools."

This is just my plea for more
thought-provoking editorials, but
make sure they're accurate.

Yours truly,

Theresa Barber '56.
Rebuttal

Editor's Comment: Let it suffice
to state that Miss Barber is a rep—
rcsenmtive to Student Council from
the Class of 1956, was ill charge of
publicity for the past Jazz Concert.

The Other 15??

To the Editor:

Student Council came to the Stu—
dcnt Association Assembly Novem-
ber 12 for nominations of students
who SA felt would be worthy rep—
resentatives of our college at the
Inter-Collegiate Association meeting
this weekend :it Genesco Slate.
However, the filial selections were
voted by Student Council from a
list of 21 student names recently,
and with the exception of Joan
Carlin who went last year and is a
carryover, are all Student Council
members.

I do not question the ability and
qualities of those selected, but I do
feel it i.» unfair to SA, who was
bothered for nominations. Why
(‘imli‘ to SA? In this iiisi.ilice SC
scli-ctcd representatives from within
their own ranks, with one excep-
tion. It is interesting to note that
one of the LWo alternates picked was
a non-Council member!

Also, I challenge Council's right
to close the meeting to anyone not
on Council when discussion con-
cerning the nominees became the
ol'dci‘ of business. SA onlookers were
"requested" to leave the Government
Room, where Council meets, until
after the selection! I appeal to Mys—
konla for a limiting of Councils
power to close their meetings at
wish, especially since it. is evident
the words and suggestions oi an
“outsider” wcl'c evidently ill need.

Bystander

National Society Gives
Scholarship To Student

Betty Rnc Vun Vlzick~ '57 is'ihc
recipient of on award oi $100 given
by the Scholarship Conlniiticc oi
the Alpha Chapter of Delta ‘Koppu
(illmnul, ll illillilllail honor society for
women educators. Oil November .3
the Chapter approved l.lii'>1‘(‘i“(illl-
incnduiion of the Scholarship Com—
mittee and voted to glyc to Miss
Van Vluck an award of $100, reports
Oscar E. Litnfol'd, Dean of the Col-
lcgc.
____________________._..——————--‘—

AI’PEASE
YOUR Al’l’E’l‘ITE
and
PLEASE
YOUR I'OCKETBOOK

Eat at the
Snack Bar

The negative team of Phyllis Ly-
eth ‘56 and Rita Cohen '57 lost their
final debate to Harvard, after wins
from the University of Vermont and
Middlebury.

At the University of Vermont

Tournament held before Thanks-
giving vacation, State's affirmative
team was undefeated. With debaters
from fourteen states and Canada
arguing, 355 debates were held dur-
ing the three-day event. State’s af-
firmative of Miss Bialow and Miss
Lyeih, won decisions from McGill
University, Connecticut Wesleyan,
Vassar, Worcester Polytechnic and
St. Anselms, State‘s negative coin-
posed of Emilie Vavra and Richard
Clifford. Sophomores, lost the final
debate to Connecticut after success-
ful debates with Dartmouth, Hum-
ilton College, Bowdoin and the Uni-
versity of Vermont. State's four de-
baters at this event were ranked
first or second as speakers 111 each
debate. among the field of 284 col-
lege speakers.

Debate Council invites those in-
terested in progressive discussion on
the topic “How can we improve the
moderil educational system to fit
the needs of our society?", to sign
up on the debate bulletin board or
see Miss Bialow.

SC Theatre . . .

ICmt/l’ilztcd from. Page 1, Column 5/

The stage prosceniuln has been
extended for the play and ramps
have been built into the audience.
Edgar Van Olndn. drama critic for
'l‘imcs I'nion and several theatrical
people from the Albany iil‘t‘ll are
expected to attend the performance,
states Miss Hall.

The (lilili‘t' to follow the presenta—
tion of the play will be free to
everyone attending. Music will be
provided by the Pop Cats.

(‘ommiitee ileiuls

Committee for "Androcles and The
Lion" include: Assistant to the Di-
rector, Belly Vim Vlack; Stage
Manager, Dorothy Alford: Costumes,

lei'Jol‘lI‘ .Jclly, Chairman, Janet
Eygliol‘, Pl'lSi‘illil Kuhn, Helen
Sliiiﬂ‘m; Properties, Frances Mona-

llllll. Sheila Strollgin; Lights, Grace
Mucllcl'; Sound, Marie Cill‘lJUIIC,
Margaret Culligun; Staging, Lenore
Hughes. Margaret Coogun, Judy
Vimznerstcdt, Nancy Schneider and
the Speech 13 class; Business and
Publicity, Nancy GildC, Patricia
Hull. Make-up, Barbara Bailey,
Vern Frcuynd, Virginia Viill Ol'dcn.

 

00mg

We have a few intellectual notes
today. For Chemistry majors we
have this chemical analysis of a
woman from the University of Rhode
Island.

Symbol: Wo

Accepted Atomic Weight: 120

Physical Properties: Possesses a
great affinity for gold, silver, plat-
inum, mink and precious stones.
Violent reaction if left alone. Able
to absorb a vast amount of food.
Turns green when placed beside 11
better looking specimen.

Occurrence: Found wherever man
exists.

Uses: Usually versatile as a tonic
for low spirits and a depressive for
high spirits. Highly efficient as an
equalizer of the distribution of
weath—is probably the most effec-
tive income reducing agent known.

From Bucknell UniveiSlty we
have the following» “Scripture”:

Blessed are those who go around
in circles.

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 3. 1954

‘PAOI 3

National Teacher Education Group
At Dartmouth Forensic Tournament 0“” 7’“ 3W3“ To Examine State College Campus

Albany debaters copped two top honors at the Dart-
mouth Invitational Novice Debate Tourney and were one

A Visiting Committee of

the American Association of

Colleges for Teacher Education will arrive at State Sunday,
states Evan R. Collins, President of the College. Sunday
through Tuesday members of the Committee will investi-
gate the functioning of the College by: sitting in on classes,

faculty and student activities,

meeting and informal gath-

erings; watching the operation of various administrative

and instructive departments;

Revue Group
Seis Deadline
For Directors

The All-College Revue Committee
has set Monday as the deadline for
submitting applications for direct-
ing or working as co-ordinates of
the Revue scheduled for March 19.
Applications should be sent to Mary
Anti Johnpoll ’55, or Marie Devine

For they shall be called wheels. '56

Words of wisdom from the [tens-
selacr Polytechnic advise how to
fail a course:

1. Do not bother with a text book.

2, Put your social life ahead of
everything else. If necessary, culti-
vate a few friendships 1n the class.
Interesting conversation should be
able to drown out the noise of a
lecture.

Art Class Sponsors
Student Photo Exhibit

Oil display from Monday through
Friday, second floor Draper, will be
it Student Photography Exhibit,
sponsored by the Art 6 class.

For those students who submitted
photographs there will be a desk
in the lower pcristyle December 13-
15 from 12 to 12:30 pm. Iii the
event that the owner is unable to
pick up his photos, those remaining
will be left in a box on the desk
after December 15.

The shots will picture various sub-
jccts, including both still and action
prints. Anyone still wishing to hand
111 photos. minimum size 3”x5",
must do so by 4 pm. today. They
may be. deposited in ii box located in
the lower pcristylc between Husted
and Draper.

(st-z.

Corner Ontario & Benson
Dial 4-1125
FLORIST &
GREENHOUSE
College Florists for Years
Special Attention
for
Sororities and Fraternities

 

 

 

 

 

 

ART K

75 State Street

5-1471

APNER

"YOUR STATE INSURANCE MAN"

ALL TYPES of lNSURANCE

Albany, N. Y.

The committee has decided that
there will be five categories of di-
i‘ccilon. The categories will include
the following: a choreographer who
will supervise and stage the danc-
ing; a music director who will take
charge of all music; a co-ordlnator
who will handle the money and
work with the committees; an act—
ing or dialogue director who will
direct the skits and/or the sketches,
and finally, a supervising director
who will take charge of the show.

 

 

 

.oooooooo-o-on-oo
\

 

He never dreamed

  
  

 

 

saic

Shop & Save

 

 

 

CLEARANCE

All costume jewelry will go on
'I‘ O I) A Y !

SALE!

the CO-OI' way

 
 

One Way
SYRACUSE ................................ ..$3.15
I'LA'I‘TSBURGII . ............ .. 4.15
BINGIIAMTON .. 3.50
I’I‘IIACA ............ .. 4.50
ROCHESTER 5.10
BUFFALO . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. 6.20
WATER’I‘OWN ....................... .. 4.40
NEW YORK CITY .  3.70
U’l‘l(‘A .  ..... .. 2,40
(lOBLESKILL ...... .. .. 1.15
(‘IIERRY VALLEY ................... ,. 1.45

350 Broadway

 

 

.oooooooooooéﬁbooo00.......o.¢Io-v..-o¢-.ono-.1

and mingling with students
in the Dormitories and the Stu-
dent Union.

AACTE was set up as an accredit-
ing agency for Teacher Education
Colleges throughout the country.
State is already accredited. This
visit by a committee of the Associ~
ation is part of a program estab-
lished to aid accredited colleges in
evaluating themselves.

Administration and faculty mem-
bers have investigated and evalu-r
ated the program. Their report was
given to the Visiting Committee
for consideration. The Visiting
Committee will compile its own re-
port on the basis of their findings.
The results will be used to the ad-
vantage of the College and its prop-
cr functioning.

The committee visiting State will
be comprised of men from states
other than New York. The Chair~
man of the group will be Dr. E. De-
Alton Partridge, President of the
State Teachers College, Monclair,
New Jersey. President Collins has
seerd on similar committees, visit-
ing such colleges as the University
of Boston and Yale.

 

 

OocooooooonI-uoocl

 

he’d save so much

going home by GREYHOUND

  
 
 
 
 
 
 

One Way
CORTLAND ................................. ..$4.00
BOSTON ........ ..  4.50
ONEONTA ....... .. . 2.05
PHILADELPHIA . . 5.80
WASHINGTON 8.75
OGDENSBURG 5.55
(‘AN’I‘ON ........... .. 5.90
AUBURN . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. 4.60
MONTREAL . . , , . . . . . . . . . . .. 6.05
NIAGARA FALLS  6.80
(FANANDAIGUA ........................ .. 4.85

Plus U. S. Tax. Bill EXTRA Savings EACH WAY on Round-Trips

Fine, Modern Coaches—[frequentt, Well-Timed Schedules
GREYHOUND TERMINAL

Phone 4-0105

 

