 

 

 

    
 

PAOIM, . .

. STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY.

 

  

MARCH 12. 1954

 

Report Of The Government

Revision Committee

 

 

Revised Activities Classification

llow-

t h s been D. A parliamentarian The change here in the Student Myskania announces the to
mEll‘ee fl‘ilgnigeglimtlgg flaialaceizient of E- A 5°“9“°“d°’- Board of Finance is in part (c), ing revised Activities Classification,
Amok v! number 5 under duties: At their which will be presented to Student

the assembly with an elected leg- Executive Department

grant an emergency

Aesoclation in assembly today:

r entin the four class- discretion to
lalgattglslierlggiesglaturegis as follows: seem" 1 appropriation from surplus not to GROUP 1 (Hold 1 here and no
. Artl The executive power or the “50' exceed $50 to any organization upon others)

elation shall be vested in the Presl- written request for an increase m Campus Commission Chairman

dent of the Association and the 5.0.
Section 2

Student Council shall be com-

osed of the following members

who shall hold office for one year:

la) The President of Student Associa-

e V
Legislative Department
Section 1 an ex

' (a) The legislative power of the asso-
ciation shall be vested in the legislature.

(b) The rules of procedure for all usi-
ness meetings shall be those outlined in
Robert's Rules of Order.

Section 2 tion.
The legislature shall be composed oIaiIITne Vice-President of Student As—
soc B 0

. n.
or one hundmd members Who Shall let The Secretary of Student Associa-

hold office for one year. The com- t
position"of‘ the legislature is as
follows:
(a) Twenty members from the incoming
Senior class to be elected preferentially
one week before MUD.
lb) Thirty members from the incom-
ing Junior class to be elected preferen-
tially one week before MUD.
' (0) Thirty members from the incoming
" Sophomore class to be elected preferen-
tially one, week before MUD.
(di Twenty members from the incom-
ing.- freshman class to be elected prefer-
2. entially at all freshman Fail elections.
_ Section 3
 The" officers of the legislature
’ shall be the same as those of Stu-

dent: Association.

""" 'Sec 0114
The‘duties of the legislature shall
be"

(lt)'T0 act upon all legislation
duced in regular meetings

ion.
ldi The Presidents of the four classes.
lei Four members at large elected from
each class by that class.
Section 3
The officers of Student Council
shall be the same as those of the

SA.

Board

Section 4 {our

The duties of 8.0. shall he: shall b

la) To execute all legislation passed by .me
the legislature. (

lbi To introduce legislation and act as shall
an advisory board to the legislature.

(c) To arrange programs for assembly.

ld) To provide for publication of the
Student Directory.

(e) To charter all boards. committees.
and associations receiving support through
the SA budget.

1. To require changes in the constitu-
tions of organizations receiving sup-
through the SA budget.

2. To approve or veto changes in
these constitutions.

intro-

~r;:27'~,..=:v1  : ._.

referendum. '8, To
“3) 0“ pemmn 0‘ ‘00 members 0‘ sm‘ tions with the faculty and administration.
dent Association to investigate whether
there is sufficient ground for impeach-
ment‘of any Student Association offi-
cers and to bring such impeachment be-
fore Myskanla when it deems necessary.
ldi To meet once every week except
when otherwise provided for by the Presi-

V ii” T0 36‘ “Don 311 “summon “Ought (fi To act as an advisory intercollegi-
i to the legislature through the power of Me board. as {on
I; represent the students in rela- II

lhi To approve or veto all regulations
of Campus Commission.
II) To direct inter-class rivalry.
ll) To direct the following social ac-
tivitles:
l. Freshman Reception.
2. Activities Day.

WW.

I;

if
i: dent, and to report a vacancy 11 0M 3. Campus Day .
.5 member has two unexcused absences per .4“ M.ovmg-up Day.
,l’, semester. lki To meet once a week except when 3
i Sections, otlIIerIwise protvided for byIIthe Presldgnt
i. - . an o repor a vacancy one mem er
1 The quorum 0f the legISmt’ule has three unexcused absences.
following officials:

shall consist of 4/5 of the active
legislature at any given time.
Following are the other changes
that have been enacted: _,
Article IV

lll To appoint the
i. A competent auditor who shall

check the books of cash organiza-

tlons.

Pro-tempura officers to fill vacan.

cles occurring within one month of

regular nominations.

."

Principal Ofﬁcers and The“ Dunes 3. An election commission of seven
The officers Of Student Associa- members.d one 81f whom is to be
tlon shall be: designate pres cut.
A. A President who shall be chosen by  1“; “apgmveb tat: dl’f-‘Lmllit glidlﬁt. 5I
the Association from the incoming Senior gar? 5d“L 5‘ bsuumme bod II til “18
class. The duties of the President shall “3815mm”: 0 5“ m e U 89 0 \e

In) To require the S SE to examine and
report on the finances of any organiza-
tion receiving support from the SA budget
and to withhold funds from any organi- I
zation violating any rule. "'
lOI 0n petition of fifty members of any
class to investigate whether there is suf-
ficient grounds for lmpcachlng an officer

be.
1. To act as President of the legisla-

tare.
act as President of Student

2. 0
Council.

3. To appoint with the approval of 8.0.
all committees and their chairmen not
otherwise provided for.

m: Elgegggog?‘tﬁe tfgﬁﬁgrgecsrﬁgerﬁry m of that class and to bring impeachment
5 To serve as an ex—officio member of hem": MYSkm‘lK-ucl v"
any committee of the legislature. II I’ e 2
6. To enforce a proper observance of Section 1 remains the same,
m'ls 'IgOHStlatlldlcl)l‘over all the meetings of Secuon 2 3'
. o r s . .
the Assogiation in the assembly and to The dunes 0f My5kama Shall b8.
call special meetings at his discretion, fill To settle disputes between organiza—
3, To appolnl. a parliamentarian for 5.0. lions unless both organizations have
and for the legislature. agreed to arbitrate their dispute under the
9. To receive petitions of referendum. regulations provided for in the By-Luws.
lbi In open court to try individuals or 4I

B. A Vice-President who shall be chosen
from the incoming Junior class. The
duties of the Vice-President shall be:

i. To assume the duties of the Presl-

organlzatlons who are charged with hav-
ing violated a regulation. These individ-
uals or organizations shall be brought be-
fore Myskanlu by the organization charged

. e o a absence or at his
 mg 1 mp r W with enforcing the regulation which has
2. To act as Vice-President and 'l‘reiis- been violated. I_II
urer of SC. ici To try all impeached officers.
3. To not us Vice-President of the leg- Idi To interpret the Constitution.
lslaturc. lei To organizc the freshman class.
Chairman of thc Cluss Ifi To uphold and interpret college trii- a

i. To act as
Board of Finance.

5. To act as SC. representative to the
Student Board of Finance.

C. A Secretary who shall be chosen by
the Association from the incoming Soph-
omore class. The duties of the Secretary

penalties for
infractions thereof as have been provided
for by the legislation of SA.

lg) To lict as tellers in all SA and class
elections in accordance with the Ely-Low.»

llli To enforce and revise the major-
minor office classifications in accordance

ditlons and to apply such

 

shall be: I
i. To keep all minutes of the lcnglllv Willi liic fly-Laws. 1
ture and SA assemblies lind to attend in IliIiITo publish iind preserve all of its
all correspondence. “‘9 50‘”
I a Sim-.1 ,- or 30 Iki On petition of twenty-five members
2 TO M" H L C u y of SA within one week of election re-
sults, to recount the ballots of any class
or SA election in open meeting.
Ill To hear appeals of candidates dis- 9
qualified by Election Commission.
. Article VIII
Permanent Commissions, Other

a:

Student Association Officers, Im-
peachment, and Succession to Of-
ice.

HAGUE

Student Union
incorporated as the new Section 3.
There shall be a Student Union

Student Union and its facilities.
iai Student Union

posed of fifteen
shall be Seniors. five shall be Juniors, and

shah

1. To
for governing the use of the Union.

2. To enforce these

mission shall be:
i, To

.To supervise all

isting budgetary line. Any

request for extra funds exceeding
$50, or for creation of a new
budgetary line must be approved by
the legislature.

Section 2

Campus Commission
Section 3

Board has been

to govern the use of the

Board shall be com-
members. of which six
be Sophomores. A chairman
a chosen from the incoming Senior

mbers.
b) The duties of Student Union Board

at
make all regulations necessary

regulations.
Section 4
Election Commission

There shall be an Election Com-
mission to govern all pre-voting ac-
tivities.

lai The
composed of six members and a president

Election Commission shall be
ows:

Two permanent Senior members
shall be appointed to Election Coni-
sloli by Student Council two weeks
after MUD of the Junior year. to
hold office as members of the com-
mission for one you

r.
. Three Junior members shall be ap-

pointed to the Commission by SC
two weeks after MUD of their
Sophomore year. to serve until the
same time one year later.

.Two Junior members shall be ap-

pointed in December of their Junior
year by SC. These Juniors will
serve until December of their Sen-
ior year. and may continue on the
Commission. ex-officio. at the re-
quest of the Commission.

One of the Senior members shall
be appointed President of the
Commission by SC. The Senior not
becoming President shall be ap-
pointed Secretary of the Commis-
sion by the President of the
Commission.

Acceptance of appointment to this
Commission is agreement that the
Senior members are iiol. eligible to
run for any office except Myskaniu.
after their acceptance of the ap-
pointment, and may not become cli-
gible if they resign.

The duties of the Election Com-

apply qualifying examinations
on the SA Constitution and By-LaWS
to all those nominated for an of-
fice which would place them on
SC. Myskanla. and the legislature.
campaigning and
the making of acceptance speeches.
To make the necessary rulings to
execute these duties. To submit
these rulings to SC for approval
and to disqualify candidates who
break these rules. Candidates so
disqualified may apply to Myskuniu
for redress.
The Commission shall
campaign speeches iii an
of the candidates for Secretary.
Vice-President, and for candidates
for President of the SA iind their
campaign managers.
The Commission shall
campaign speeches in class

provide for
assembly

provide for
mccl—

lngs for the candidates for class
President.
.Eicctlon Commission shrill provide

for sufficient publication of election
news in cooperation with the stuffs
of all student-financed publications
for the week preceding and the week
containing the Spring clectlonsund
the week containing the freshman
elections in the Fall.

The Commission shall. with the co-
operation of Campus Commission.
conduct such election rallies us it
finds desirable and possible, no rill-
lies being held unless conducted by
Election Commission in accordance
with the rules.

. Eight school days before the elec-
lllel. ihc Commission shall submit
to Myskiinln a final list of candl-
datcs running for an office.
Nominations and dcclinutions shall
be rcccivcd by ballot and published
ut the time of all prcccding clcc-
Lions.

 

 

 

 

STUDIO

"Portrait At Its ﬁnest"

Almost Too Good
To Be. True . . .

12” LONG
PLAYING RECORDS

Only $1.98 apiece

Tchaikovsky Symphony No. 6
Franck Symphony in D Minor

Rachmaninoff Second Piano
Concerto

“

HOLLYWOOD COMES
EAST TO TAKE
YOUR PORTRAIT

 

Q ~
Dvorak "New World" Symphony

. . . and many others

BLUE NOTE SHOP

156 Central Ave.
(Across from Nelson's b a 10)
Open 0 Nights 'iil 0

 

0m 0:00 to me Dani!
It“ by appointment
Ill MADISON AVIIWI

  
   
 
 

WEI i-Il'd

 

 

 

 

 

AFTER
YOUR svsuiuc
AT
STATE FAIR

Drop In
at the

SNACK BAH

 

 

 

Class Presidents I
Dramatics and Arts Councd:

President
Music Council President
Pedagogue :

Section 5
Impeachment

This remains the same.

lai Whenever
shall become permanently vacant for any
reason during
within one month of regular nominations.
new nominations
held according
for originally filling
vacancy should occur within one month
of regular nominations,
a pro-tempera officer
eligible.

lbi Whenever
permanently vacant for any reason during
the Summer
that office shall be held within one month
of the first official college day and elec-
tions shall be
lnally prescribed for the filling of that
office.

Section 6
Succession to Office
any SA or class office
the academic year. except
for that office shall be
to the manner prescribed
that office. If it

SO shall appoint
from among those

any office shall become

recess, new nominations for

held in the manner orig-

Ici Whenever a permanent vacancy oc-

curs durlng the Summer recess, the presi-
dent of SA shall appoint a pro-tempore
officer from among

those eligible.

lcl) In the event of a change in the

presidency of SA,
an unofficial delegate to SC to keep Mys-
kania informed

Myskauia may appoint

an SC activities.

lei No class president may lioid the of-

fice two years in succession.

lfi Myskania and SC members are auto-

matically ineligible for the legislature.
Sect

ion '1
Class Board of Finance

These are the only changes un—

This
Constitution.

der the section:
lbi The duties of

Finance shall be as
5

the Class Board of
follows:

0 provide SC and Myskania with
a list of members of encli class who
have paid their class dues.

part has been deleted from the

let The expenses of this Board shall be

met equally by all four classes as folluws:
1. Ti

ic Class Board of Finance shall
draw up a Budget iii the Spring of
each year before SA elections. This
Budget must be approved by SC.

_. Additional expenditures of the
Board must be approved by 2.3 votc
of SC. The monies so voted shall
be immediately withdrawn from
class accounts and credited to the
Class Board of Finance.

By-Laws
Section 1
Elections

at

These changes have been made:
The present lci has been deleted
and the following put in its place:

ci All balloting shall be conducted by

Myskania.

lei part 3 has been deleted ironl Llli'
Constitution.

Igi is now: Any person who is quali-

fled to Vote
own ballot may
kanla. upon request.
the polls close.
turned by the

Ihi The
leted

llll Upon petition of
within
clcciion

CF

is nimble to obtain his
be sent a ballot by Mys-
up to such times as
This ballot must be rc-
liist day of regular voting.
present section has been dc-
Constitution.
25 members of SA
one week of the publication of
results. the ballots for any SA
class office shall be recounted by Mys-

blit

from the

kiliilu In open meeting.

Section 2
Major-Minor Office Plan

See the new Activities Classifi-

cation prepared by Myskunia.

Section 3
Finances

Ini ’i‘hcrc shall be ll blankct student for.
the amount of which shall be determined

by

ibi 'i‘hcrl-
ticket for Faculty.
faculty

the legislature.
shall be an optional lul-
wives and husbands of

members, and lll)llS(‘lll()LllL‘l'S. llli'

amount of which shrill bc dl-icrmlln-d hy
the legislature.

ici All grudunlli students are to pay u
blunkcl
yearly.
activities opcn
dcirrmincd

fcc, ilic ninoliiit to l)f' (‘lillllllll'il
that covers participation in thosr
to graduate studcnis, lo hr

with tho iulinlnislrulion uild

ilic legislature.

all
of

contriil'l ill-bl.» lhr
cxcl-l-ds llli‘ ilinounl
llhi'lll you 1'

idi No bonrd shall
ill total of which
its appropriation for lin-
Il'l Financial motions:

i. All motions proposed in llll' logis-

inlurc llll‘t‘llillflu providing for lili-
expenditure of SA funds shall be
tabled for one week illll'l' proposal

and discussion l)(‘l()l'l‘ voting

. in case of l-nil-rgcni-y. proccdiiri- may
ho wulvcd. 'i‘hc inolion must l)l'
carried with 1! ll vole oi lln- ii-g-
lsluiurc

1i 'l‘iiu li-glsluturl' iiiidgl-l incl-ling dolls
not conw \lllfli'l' this M'L'llﬂll

r.-

 

 

(Sniff.

Corner Ontario St Benson
Dial 4-1125

FLORIST &
GREENHOUSE

College Florists for Years
Special Attention

for
Sororities and Fraternities

 

Editor-in-Chief
State College News:
Editor-ln-Chief
Associate Editor
Student Association:
President
Vice-President
Secretary

GROUP [1 (Hold 1 here and 1 in
IV or hold 1 here and l in III)

All-College Review Director
Athletic Association Chairman
Class Vice Presidents
Commuters Club President
Debate Council President
Election Commission Chairman
Forum of Politics Speaker
Hillel President
Inter-Group Council Chairman
Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship
President
Men's Athletic Association:
President
Newman Club President
Pedagogue:
Photography Editor
Press Bureau Director
Primer:
Editor-in-Chief
Literary Editor
Radio Guild President.
State College News:
Business Editor
Sophomore Desk Editor
Sports Editor
Student Christian Association:
President
Student Council Member
Student Board of Finance Member
Student Union Board Chairman
Women's Athletic Association:
President

GROUP 111 2 here or 1 here and l
in II or 1 here and 2 in LV)
Athletic Association Member
Campus Commission Member
Class:
Secretary
Treasurer
Publicity Director
Debate Council Member
Departmental Club President
Directory Editor
Dramatics and Arts Affiliates:
President
Dramatics and Arts Council:
Member
Forum Board Member
Freshman Handbook Editor
Music Council Member
Pedagogue:
Advertising" Editor
Business Editor
Literary Editor
Primer Business Manager
Radio Guild Member
Residence Council Presrdent
Smiles Chairman
State College News:
Circulation Editor
Managing Editor
Student Union Board Manager
GROUP lV i3 here or 2 here and 1
in 111 or 1 here and 1 in II)
Activities Day Chairman
All~College Reception Chairman
Lack of space has prevented tlic
printing of the entire list. Thc rc-
mulnder will be read in assembly.

 

Section 4
Petitions

lill l'owl-r of rl'l'i-i‘i-ndum. ()li wrilll-n
lll'lllllin of llil) ml-nibcrs of SA within one
\vl-l-k of ii dccision. llil: i’i'csuicnl of llil'
Association slylli cull u incl-ling oi lili-
li‘thlilllil'l' 1o i‘l'considcl‘ ilic decision in
illhllllli‘.

i. No special
culled unlit-r
slluli hillll‘l'i‘l‘fll.‘ the
legislative lllililitl‘b,
ii lhc ll‘gltilllllll'c docs not void in
l'l'\'l'l'hl' ilx ill-vision. il \i'l‘ll.li‘|l roll-l—
l‘lllllllll slinll bc lll’l‘hl‘llll‘il williili
lilll' wot-k.

ibi ()ll lll‘llllilll of 2:3 llll‘llllM'l'h of llll'
Assoi'iulion, uiihln (“10 work of the pub»
lll'illIlllll oi i'll'l'llilll i'l-snlls. Myskunlu
siiiili ill U|)l'il incl-ling l'l'i‘llllllL llll' hailois
ol iiiiy SA or class l'lcl'iiiiii,

ici ()li |)l‘l.lllilll oi ilill llli'lllltl‘l'h oi HA.
llll' ll'gislniiil‘v slinli tll'll'i'lllllll' \\lll'|lll'l'

meeting of assembly
l)()\\'l‘l’ of rl‘lt‘l'i'llfllllll
ll-gislniurl- in

siiiiil'lvlii grounds l‘thl ior imp-lurith
uny llllll‘l'l' of tho Association

Iill illlll Il'l l‘l‘illilill llic sunn-

III (in pi'lliioll lil lllll iiii'inlil'i's oi lllt'
Association, or on llll' |)l'lllllill of ill) or-
ganisation. iii-visions of Myskilnln, excl-pl
lll cum-s oi inipl-ill'hnicnl. hllllll hr rvvon-
.lell'l'l'll by lhc ll'lllnllillll'l‘, which only win
llll'lll by Li 2i voiv. l

lg: ()ll lil'lllliill of All iii'ililiilmllioii in
Hill llli‘llllll'l'h oi HA, l'lililliih oi Sf.) shall
in: l'm'oilnilii-i'l'li liy [lll‘ li-gisiiiinl'r, uiiivh

niuy rvi'lm- llll'lll by o ‘J 1i volv.

A few changes have been mode in
the ubch report and will be un-
illililll'l‘ll in the assembly report.

Joe’s Barber Shop

at N. us- an.
Near Washington Ave.
I Will
We Aim To Plan-

 

 

 

 

     

 

 

 

 

 

  

   

 

 
 

 

 

   
 
 

 

srA-rr‘: coLL'eoe News. encasement-12¢ 1664 -

re—d Hoopsters Finish Season With Double

atmen To Conclude Season Againts Paul S

ColgateDeledtS State in Match,- Vorsity Club To Bow To Oneonta State Five 86-78;
Club To Sponsor IM Tournament Present Area's Loss To Plattsburg Ends Win Streak

The Wrestling Club, under the ex- J M - . With rather umm _ s i 1
022 USlCiOt‘iS mm ms

rt tutelage of Coach Garcia, will 0f the meets. Goldberg and Cran- '
1filinclude a highly successful season dull both wrestled on the Albany Eseelfggétsialg Sim? Gleam" his}
when lt, journeys to Paul Smith High SCl‘lOOl team before coming The_Vm’SiW 0111b W111 Sponsor a WI...) ed'erthehfl e Jag; yfcf‘gels
College to meet their wresmng to State. 'I‘liot" lam session in the main din- “6&1? VEIIIII Wm tic v  ’01 gm-
Squad a week from tomorrow, The This your members of the 0th int}. room at Brubacher, Sunday mmeeh ‘wm mild eevléos Ianohisﬂ
Club has compiled a commendable and Coach Garcia are attempting “Hemoonv Mﬂ‘l'Ch 14' from 3 t0 5 to”, The )resem Sam“ 105.5 . '
ii win 2 loss record so far agalns'r. to initiate an Intramural Wrestling il-m: some 01 the be“ jazz mUSi' 0rd "shuds las the Cb Elm $115 1:1:-
six different opponents. Tournament. Its primary purpose Clans from State, RPI. Union, and war e‘uanmo the 139 Sillced 8
opening against Paul Smith, Al- would be L0 train a large number Slem‘ “Ollegesv “‘1 “‘9 A‘b‘m’m‘e“ mark 0% the 1348-491u glib t own
bany crushed them by a, score of of men in the basic wrestling skills. W111 assembleIILO Present “1'15 mild ‘ gg “u'
30 to 3. They were then nosed out If the tournmnent is successful. it afternoon of .ll\'l3.. A $25 donation .IWml a season resume and sta-
by the Schenectady i.Y..I 17 to 16I could augment the team consider- will be collected at the door from “film, “WHY-915 Planmd for next
but followed this up with wins over ably and bring it Closer to its goal everyone who attends this event. “991‘5 NEWS. the ItWo recent Icon-
One oi the featured sidelights of teSLS Dose “19 \Veeks biggest domgs.
the afternoon will be u jitterburg‘

Darrow Academy, Tmy nyn, and of achieving varsity status.
contest for all “cats” who wish to
Spa/its Bea/a Wm

RPI. In its match with Colgate
enter. Prizes will be awarded to
By McEVOY and SWIERZOWSKI

 

 

 

The Plattsburg fray. expected to
be the season’s biggest, Was just
that. The Cardinals entered the
ciasli with a 13-3 slate and a pre-
vious overtime decision over the
Statesman. Absent from the Red-
girds' lineup was long Jim Sears,
the big gun of the upstate attack.
I The Peds in the first frame
Jumped to a commanding 9 to 1
lead behind keen mesh splitting of,
LaRoe and Centra. The Platte re-
taliated, knotting proceedings, at 13
all midway in the period and a
quarter time finale saw the Purple
and Gold in front 19-18.

The nip and tuck battle resumed
inI stanza twa but subsided after 5
minutes of play when the Platte
captured a margin which they de-
fended until the final gun. The
lam—packed Page Hall crowd saw
the Peds gameiy narrow the gap
to 41-37 at intermission.

Period 3 saw the Platts' attack
keep on rolling as Longware and
Doug Mchne led the way to a Red-
bird advantage of 63-52.

 

KroB Bowlers
Gain lM Lead

From Rousers

This week‘s intrinnurul bowling
ended up with SLS still one game
ahead of APA in the Cannon Ball

last Saturday, Albany lost by a
score of 28 to 3. Tischer being the II II
only Albany winner. A return the best Ibuas. I I I
match with Colgate scheduled last Co-chairnicn of this session are
Wednesday ln the Page Gym was Walt Barbain and Bill Lniclberg.
forfeited by the upstaters due to Other committee chairman include:
conditions beyond their control. The Jim“ I Alliislo. I Pilblicitv. and Dick
Club is planning to participate as H'MHPS- MUSIC. They, and all
a team in one post-season meet, Varsity Club members. iiiyiteI you to
the Northeastern Branch AAU spend ll i'eliiXiiig 3 hours listening
Meet scheduled April 3 in Troy. 11““ i‘Xi‘l'iflsliili.
The wrestlers who have grappled

 

For the benefit of those who
either were not in Assembly last
week or were too engrossed in the
News Sports Page, we should like
to herald the momentous action of
"ye scribes" which was enacted in
that concluvo. Earlier the Student

in meets durin this cast season ii ; ' i; I .
 Ray Wot... “Reta. H0... “it? shifts: H....... 2231  State 5 ow ers Egyfyidggygpfg 11.21,,iggﬁl'gmﬁhe. .The Meme-Longwm-e duo 
moth. Leroy Negus (Captaim. Phil 1948. Bob Siliklodilm. who instwcek m. an ,,,,,,,.,,,,,..,{.,01,. ‘ of   milled in the finale to end things
Billings. Mld Ben BUttOII. Ul3l)€1‘- broke the IM record for a lhi‘cc-    sports coverage This fee was to M 86-78' Toupmg State Scorers
I‘ '_ ' , was Smith With 23 while runner-u
pay expenses for a stall cori‘e- ’ p

MOHOI'S went to Centra for 16. Long-
ware's lili and Mehne’s 20 led the
Platte.
Varsity Drops Both

The Saturday game was more on
the contest side. the tilt going even
stcven t0 the line. The Oneontans
held leads of 20-14 and 43-39, while
the third period ended in a 69 all

classmen; and Dave Goldberg.H01'— game series with u 629, zigiiin led
COi‘i TiSCliei‘, John the league with a 534 triple. Sink In
Marty Eﬂgﬂn. showed remarkable consistency us
The he 'illllC up with 180. 174 and 180 up
to lend the frat kcglcrs over the
men from tho Barracks. whosc only
hope now seems to be the season‘s
end.

spondent to accompany the States-
man on away soccer and basketball
encounters. The present system for
those vcntui'es was based «u hear-
suy of players and the statistics in
lhc books. This system proved
highly iiicfficient and inaccurate.
An example of this would be
State's soccer game at Gcni‘sco on

their third meeting of the
your. tho State College bowlers came
with their third shutout over
ABC. The Businessmen found the
vcici'un Stiilc haulers in their usual
form and also felt the effects of a
freshman “ringer.”

The Teachers, fresh ovcr :1 poor
day ill the Rice Alloys. hall-km their

ace Ci‘andall,
Stahlinan, Al Wiley,
and Ted Cherwinski, freshmen.
only men which the squad will lose
from this year’s team due to grad-
uation are Seniors Button and
Wolfe.

Parker Breaks Wolfe's String- Corsi Leads SL5

SLS retained its top posuion by

Wolfe's string of 12 straight wins. I

compiled over the past two seasons, dIOWIiHm Skittles I4"). Cl‘”“’('-L‘1"S 131 bowling balls and continued splil- October 17 of the past season. The m'LU'k- Nearing the finale the

was bmken by Bob Parker of the Small: and 47'] triple paced the Piii‘tI- Lilli), lhc maples lit the 28-lane local hooters came back with n Olleolib‘dns held a 3-point margin
Carin CorsL Alloys 2 to 1 Victory recorded in the score- (“119511103 1100i) llﬂl'l‘Owed things

ridge Street kcglers.
enjoying a wonderful day. came up
with it 492 30-frmiic tally. Mr.
Col'si couldn‘t get out of the 160
bruckct us he split the iiinplcs for
168. 160. 164. Jack Zidik. whose
bowling is always fascinating to
which, bucde Corsi with 473.

In the Downstairs League the
Ki'uBs downed tho Rousers 3 to l.
Ai'iiic Smith gained the innlrh's Freshman Star Leads
lElUl'ClS \\'ll.ll 176, 154.  Dilll JiltkI the IM bowling leﬂgue
Keilcj and int‘ Snpko Shiier Rolis— lvudvrI who spurts n 170_plUs web
or scoring honors with +62 and 4513 “WI mum. up with .1 370 doubleI in_
l'CSI)“-‘l'“"(’1."- H i-llldnig ii 194 single.

Rousers "'3’" “m'e Fred Willi. the freshman uiiswci'

Th“ AIM"hes 1mm“, “hollm'lw-b lo Zidik and Shumnnsk'i, made the
“llIWhL‘S Will be “ml-ii" U” m“ 3m” "l 1‘ 3'1 “""1'" \‘f‘li‘l’illlS sit lip and take notice with
best ‘2 lil iiicil' mulch wilh Colivgcflc'lghis. WUI 193 1m. .II 383 double
175v 163""493 The ABC kcglcrs wcrc led by the

Palladium

Wall Rohdcr came up with u 507
on clinics of 179, 158. 170. Tom Slui-
mnnski, always there on the big
ones. had a 50f triple for the Feds.
who won lll total pinnage 2497 to
2096.

Honors of the night. however.
were shared by Jack Zidik and Fred
Willi.

Schenectady  Freshmen Gold-
berg. Crandall, and Tischei' have
all looked extremely good in several

and two McCarthy stripe conver-
SlollS plit things in status quo. Mc-
Donald‘s penalty heave brought the
Peds within two points. With a
deep freeze exhibition of ball han-
dling for a full minute. the win-
ners iced the contest.

The weekend. too, saw the Jun-

book. The statistics included suc-
cessful goals by Hank Hull and
John Lindberg and Gencseo's
Spring.

“Yc scribes“ propagated an 84-
llne "thrilling game" resume from
the supplied facts. The interest
generated by the story \vus very
doubtful. ior Peds again emerge into their

A “reek ago Wednesday Student own. Their recent activity brought
Council took action on the pro— their Season LOW] ‘0 5 Wills Mid 11
posed budget line. It was stated losses
by ll Council member that hearsay
and statistics of the Sports Rela—
tion Board would suffice.

Upon the airing of View» oy sports
staff members. the Cillllli'll Viiltll
ii to 3 to approve the appropria-
Lion. The student body list wet-k

 Ployers
To Start Tournament

A Table Tennis tournament for
State College men will commence
in the near future under the direc-
tion of Dave Stark. Sometime next
week. a sheet with the pairings in
both the singles and doubles tour-
ney will be posted on the MAA Bul-
letin Board.

All preliminary
decided on the basis of the

I J.V.‘s Win Two
Friday‘s venture was of the hair-
i-uisiIng variety with the “McMen”
Sinking the Orange County Coni-
munity College quint 82 to 81.
II Dcmpstcr paced the Fed colts with
4.4 markers until his injury in the

out of 3 games. while the semi-final Diivc Borden‘s 
and final contests will be decided was llllil'f‘ than ciiough to loud Col- ppm-Lg- ()f McDonald mm 1.45! 139, over the reiterated pleas of n "l‘or— 1111i“ minutes. The Frank Menl “
on the basis of a 3 out of 5 game lcgc Hcighls. while liol-ksii'oh lcd 191 rm. u “u “.11)le McDmmld and i'iblc Thirteen" member qzlv.) mm] iiiiish was provided by sum 111) we;
series m“ Al’i‘d‘“H “'m‘ 451 his lonnnnutcs found themselves “iliJI‘Ul’ﬂl L0 the grant. who. in waning seconds scorgclli'
beaten by 160 pins in the first This “CHOU “L5 1“ VL‘I'l’ \l'i'll Willi “Mme” ‘0 keel) Albﬂlly iii the
B I C - A game. 171 ill tiic sccond. and '11 in the present campaign to boost, SUMO. and by Nolan, who scored
 o—   mp third, SliithCollcgc‘s sports. The Sports Hit: winning hoop moments before
Relation Board is cngugcd lll [he Bun. .
spreading the name of State 001- The Oncontn preliminary was AL

lcgc in sports circles lJ'lllV ‘lll the '

I I I . . . . way, as the uniors
we of the lNcws my happy to soc led 15 to l2, 28 to 21, 48 to lib and
theIsItudcnt body dcsn'ous of better iinuled 66 to 51. Roockwood with
spoits covc'ngc and we hope lo ful— 26 and King with 19 topped the lit-

lM Playoffs To Start,-

Combinecl Kegling Tournament I I
KB Cogers Victorious

The end of the bowling season

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

W111 be marked by u ouuplcs' bowl- mg n 1128 and ii ii?) for u 243 The intramural basketball pliiy- {.1 ._ I.
'iiig' tournament to bc licid sonic iloublc, ih'ilbul-hcr is lost lo Plt'l'f‘l‘ oils for tho ‘03-'54 sl-ilson gut llll- H mu" “Shes: “0 Purple and Gold.
afternoon before Ens-tor \‘li'ill,lllll, :is Pill 'l‘iil'iibold ll'(l llli‘ill Willi iii‘l'\\'ll)' Monthly nighi when the
announces Gina Hilfikcr and Tom 1121. Chi Sigma 'i‘iu'lii lost in lop [lll‘l‘l‘ looms from each lcnguc
Slitiliiiliiskl, co—chnirmcn of bowling. (liliiiiiin Kill) wilh lil'i'ilzillcitl‘ inkl- llll' floor for the coveted 1M
Anyone who would like [,0 1);Ll'l.'l('l— ()'Kl‘l‘ll' ll‘ilflllllJ. llll‘lll \\'llll lill llllCl ll'lilllly. r 1 .‘
onto, but who has not sluncd up. is iii. The only hoop lli'llllll that took 1 A  IL A D V A N 11 A G E
urged to mum“, ppm!- .,1 [no  h _ _ H “ llllli't‘ this past \\'f'l?l{ \vns bciwocn
chairmen via student mull. “H” mm Bulb‘uhn KB “lid Willie Hulls“. Willi £110
, . ,, lll buskclbnll, lii'ubill-hi'i' A lost ll‘illtlll'll mining lip with :i (iii-38
BOWlmg “Ontmuul “5 “mlle to :i slroiiu l‘ici‘cl' A li‘illll, ‘22 to ill. victory Monday night. Binttniuii '
"Vel'w"k NCW’““¥1,A”‘b°Lh mum's" Judy Larson was tops for I’ici‘l'r [lill'i‘il llu' \\illlli‘l'h' wilh Lill. while 0 l t h e
Jenni” Smm‘ 01 mmrmw.DOWN“ “ with ll. Pill l.)l'll:l won over Chi billi‘lll followed wilh iii, l“ll‘lllllilll'S
1.75 101' me high “lune "1 m” 91“)" Sig, ii’. lo 15. Put Zyll‘o illl(l Bl'il H lcd lflflul'.
“mowed Wisely by MMYIL‘Hl Funk: lilngciliali'dl lcd l’hi Doll, and Clil (hum-s Scheduled March iii , ‘ ~ 1 .
 llchﬂIblic lbllpli:;l(lD:IllI3131b:le  sip, rl'siIilI'l'lile'ly. IIwilh ii and ii irlzilli Al’A—Iionscrs I Y P ll W  [ '1‘ I? R S A L E
K I I- I ' I. ‘ MI II points. liu‘ (.in big lllli‘illl'i'llh limit l:.lli lfldgc—hnyics ' J J L
“m” Dill” 1mm", “uh , ﬂ”) llll‘ ill. l.l‘ll—()\'l‘l's. ii to ill. in ii 51:30 l"lnks—Soccomcn
Sigll’thCCI‘I‘IillIﬁuﬁwﬁuvmél'hhxdl"l 53:6 uninc marked by low sl'oi'llig. 1:30 .‘\puchcs-—-SI.S
double for the day. Nadine Wiit- " .
son and Jackie Durficr tied for   r I   M a r c 

high single for the lnips with 132
and Dnrflcr alidcd ii. llll in thc
second game for the high doublc.
Both thu took both games from
Psi Gamma, with Phyllis Pill'h'llilll.
having 148 and Annick l..ochr bowl—

Gerald Drug Co.

Albany. N. I.

at" the

CO-OP

CAFETERIA

LOCATED AT
167 CENTRAL AVENUE
84 STATE STREET
134 STATE STREET

 

 

 

217 Western Ave.
Phone 8-86"

  

 

 

 

 

 

  

9'1' fiftietl')’: .i

