   .. 

 

 

PAOI I

FOOTNOTES TO VICTORY

We are attempting in this week’s issue to present a
complete coverage of the controversy which arose this past
week and last at State, over the proposed inter-collegiate
debate topic. There are two more things to be said. We
have been accused of presenting incorrect facts in the last
editorial. There was a reason for this. On the Wednesday
preceding the date of the editorial we went to the office
of the Debate Council advisor, With the intention of obtain-
ing the facts as Debate Council knew them. There we met
both the advisor together With the president of the organi-
zation, and asked for the necessary information. We were
told that the facts were not yet assimilated. The president
stated that she would appear at the Student Council meet-
ing that night with them, and we would therefore be able
to have them then. Thus, any statement made by your
Editor was based entirely upon the presentation of the
material at the Student Council meeting. We stand cor-
rected on one single item: that Catholic colleges have been
prohibited from partiCipating in such debate. According
to the secretary’s minutes of the Student Council meeting,
the wording of the Debate Council representative was
“many Catholic schools,” some 'two hundred in number,
have turned down the topic. From this we drew the incor-
rect inference, and duly express our apologies. We decided
at this time last week not to bring up the following item,
but in the light of subsequent aetion by the debaters in
publishing a “correction” of our editorial the followmg
deserves attention. Our newspaper was asked and even
pressured not to take a stand on the issue by “several’ﬁof
the debaters! It is quite evident though that the deSire
for a “hushing up” of the matter did not follow! As a re-
sult of the subsequent developments, we have a recom-
mentation to make to Student Council. Whenever issues
of such import arise at Council, both sides of the issue
should be thoroughly investigated and considered, and a
wise decision made. The characteristic will of the majority
on Council should not be repeatedly accepted, as the out-
come of the controversy indicates!

TRADITION: A MOCKERY?

In light of the attitude of the present freshman class,
in their widespread disregard of the traditions of State
College, both in mocking the traditions themselves and the
channels through which they are enforced, we strongly
recommend that Myskania replace the fourth penalty for
violations thereof; specifically, “Automatic expulsion from
office, and ineligibility for office the following year.”

YOUR MEETING NEXT?

Commencing with the week ahead, the News is send-
ing out a reporter to cover various meetings of organiza-
tions functioning under the Student Assomation budget.
The News will not reveal to the organization the date of its
expected presence. The purpose of this new and unique
coverage is to provide Student Association. with an assur-
ance that the organizations concerned are functioning, as
displayed by meetings, according to their constitutional
purposes. Subsequent to the birth of this new idea, Mys-
kania ruled this week that if organizations do not live up
to their constitutionally stated purposes and provisions,
and if evidence in the negative is presented to SA, the lat-
ter retains the right to “freeze” the budget of the group
concerned.

APATHY DEADLINE!

TODAY is the last day for students to have their pic-
tures retaken for the Student Activity Cards. There are
some 150 students concerned, and approximately 50 mem-
bers of SA have not even picked up the cards! You have
paid for them—they entitle you to certain rights and
privileges. They must be picked up if you want to retain
the foregoing!

f

 

  

STATE COLLEGE NEws

IOTA-LION“ MAY III.

   

 

l IV I'Hl GLAD. 0' I’ll

 

First Place CSPA First Place ACP

VOL. XXXIX November 12, 1954 No. 9

Members of the NEWS stall may be reached 'l‘uesday and Wednesday from
'I to ll pm. at 2—3820. Ext ll. l'honcs, Lackey, 1i»(l'.!77, Ruben, fill-flint), liellz, 2-07”.
Swierzowski, 2-3744: Moore, 2.1mm.

The undergraduate tieWspuper of the New York State College for 'l‘euchers: pub~
llshod every Friday of the College year by the NEWS lioard for the Student Associa-
tion.

RONALD LACKEY Editor-lihChlt-I'
EVELYN ltUlIl-ZN - » - - » - < - - Managing Editor
WILLARD IIEI'I‘Z - < - - ‘ r r - Public Relations. Ellllor
JOANNE MOORE - - - - ~ - - Feature Editor
ESTHER GOLDS'I‘I‘ZIN — - ~ (‘lrcultillnnvlixcllttnxe
FRANCES MONAHAN - "llnllll'hh'.\(l\'l'l’llhll|u Editor
AILEEN COCIIRANE - ~ Associate Editor
CAROL ANN LUI‘"I‘ -
JOHI‘JI’II HWII'IRZOWSKI - Sports Editor
ARNOLD NEWMAN - — ~ - - » - < .lunlor Sports Hernia-r
DOROTHY ICASMUSSEN - » - » ~ - v .lunior Sports Member
JOHN KNAI'I' - - . - - - » - — Stall Photographer

Associate Editor

All communications should or itilllirsm'il to the editor and iiitlnl he signed Name.»
will be withheld on request The S'l‘A‘l‘E (JULIJ'Xii-J NEWS its-bliiiil‘s no i'irnptiiinlllilily for
opinions expressed in its colonnu or i’flliliilliiili'aliiiilh, as hlli'li cxiil'usnliilln do not
necessarily reflect its views

STATI COLLIOI NIWB. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 12. 1954

 

 

 

Wt“

mini» M

Gama $141”.-

REPERCUSSIONS?

Did Myskanla take correct action when they did
away with the ruling that a fresh could run for of-
fice no matter how many warnings he has received?
Is it fair for these “tradition breakers," to use an old
phrase, who have received 5 or more warnings be
eligible for office? Is this I-don’t-care attitude a
glood?characterlstic for potential leaders in the frosh
c ass

NOTE

Hats off to those men who are busy starting up a
State College dance band. We think it’s a tremendous
idea. If it’s good we won't have to go hopping all
over town looking for a band every time a dorm has
a formal. Let’s think about it.

A STAND

Last Friday's Rivalry Debate was very disappoint-
ing. Not because of the efforts of the debators, but
because of the decision of the judges. If we're going
to have Rivalry (and mention of its curtailment al-
ways stirs reaction) why not have a winner and loser
for each event? It’s about time these Judges, Mys-
kanla, and our other leaders make some definite
stands and make known their opinions tor at least
be unafraid to when the time comes) instead of
retiring from the chance of offending any group.
This debate is one instance of a growing trend which
demands soft pedaling of controversial issues and the
reluctance of those in leadership capacities to be
known for what they believe. Why is there such a
dependence on "everybody's" approval? Within the
limitations of tact and constructive attitudes why
not overcome the hush-hush that surrounds sorori-
ties. fraternities, officers who are duty shlrking, and
other parts of our school activity which could be im-
portant and vital?

P.S. Our opinion is that the freshmen won cle-
cldedly. Their presentation. continuity, and quick

By WITTSCHEN and LoTRUGLIO

and refreshing wit outshown the usual, ordinarily
funny, only—occasionally, sparked Sophs.

SMOKESCREEN

Monday night, when rushing officially starts, the
fraternities on campus will play hosts to all the
frosh and transfer men. Though it may be argued
that this smoker will give the fresh a chance to see
what the Greeks are like, most of it is a big perform-
ance. A word of advice . . , beware of those all too
many handshakes and those puts on the back. it's
purely in passing . . . above all, have a good time
and don't be “rushed” into anything.

BIG-BITS

How about all those people who don't have an
S.A.C. get one real soon. Your name will appear on
the Student Information Service lists if you need
to have your picture retaken in Room 106, Draper.
or go to the Student Personnel Office if you don‘t
already have a card. . . . Winterlude may seem a
long way, but so is the Circle Inn. What's your opin-
ion of 1.5.0. and I.F.C. hiring buses . . . seems like
the general opinion of the issue brought up by Debate
Council resulting in a special assembly was, “What
a mountain out of a mole hill.‘ . . . the first group
of off-campus teachers are showing their familiar
faces around school again. It's good to see them . . .
a rough tabulation shows over 1/5 of the students are
cutting assembly, of course, they’re not really missed
because it takes those who do show up just as long
to get into their seats as it would if there were a
crowd. . . . Hey, heyl! Maybe we ought to amend
the constitution to make it a Student Council duty
to play records in the lower halls all year long . . .
it‘s encouraging to receive the '54-'55 Directory and
know that there are some organizations left on camp-
us which ftmction in the traditional efficient way. . . .

QUESTION OF THE WEEK?
Are you getting personal this Christmas?

 

From The Editor's Mailbox

To the Editor:

I would like to have corrected a statement made
by you in last Friday's paper, namely that the Cath—
olic colleges have been prohibited from debating the
topic: “Resolved, The United States should recognize
the Communist government of China."

This statement is not true. The Catholic Church
has made no stand on this topic, and therefore Cath-
olic colleges are free to decide for themselves whether
or not they should debate this topic.

St. Rose College, it is true, has decided not to de-
bate the lssue. but Sienu College has decided in
favor of debating the issue.

I wotle like to have it known by the entire stu-
dent body that the Catholic Church has not prohibit-
ed the debate of this topic.

Catherine McCann
Prtsident, Newman Club.

To the Editor:

The issue before the assembly last Monday night
was, "Should the Debate Council approve for debate
the topic. “Should Red Chitin be recognized'."

The issue was misunderstood to mean should we
as future teachers approve of or be against free
speech if the prohibiting of that speech stops some
of the Communist propaganda. Free speech should
not be unpaired as a mean to an end we feel is desir—
able.

As I see it, however, this was not the real issue and
I want to go on record as how I stand on what I
feel is the true issue. Tins question means, should
we as State College students and future teachers up-
prove of Debate Council sending one-half of its and
our representatives to argue for the Communist line.
The Communist line has always been against free
speech. I can't see how we can feel that sending hall
our representatives for this cause is in accordance
with the basic principles of democracy.

I did not have a chance to phrase this until after
a vote on the question had been called.

Richard Baldwin

To the Editor:

I wish to take this opportunity to thank you for tin-
excellent coverage. the News has given the Slate Col-
lege theatre and dramatic activities this semester.
The front. page article concerning the forthcoming
production of Androeles and the Lion was greatly
appreciated but it (lid contain an error in fact that
i feel certain you would want me to call to your
attention.

Your last paragraph stated, ""l‘hls Shaw classic
will initiate the newly formed theatre to take. the
place of Advanced and Elementary Drainuties
Classes." The formation of the State 7ollegc Theatre
is essentially an organizational change which, it is
hoped. will bring the students and faculty in formal
theatre courses at State College into closer and more
active contact with other State College students and

faculty who share an interest iii theatre subjects.
The scope, function, and hours of credit of ED, AD.
and the other theatre courses will in no way be af-
fected. All theatre courses now being offered will
continue to be offered; in fact. the increased facil—
ities afforded by the new Richardson Annex will
make an expanded academic program in Speech and
Drama a possibility for the near future.

I would appreciate you calling your reader‘s ul-
tcntlon to this correction in an early issue of the
News. If you desire further information, please do
not hesitate to call upon me.

Paul Bruce Pcttit
Associate Professor of English t’l‘hcutrcl.

To the Editor:

This, the seccntl in a series or communicutions.
"exposing" the strict fact; of "who, what and where

and sldelights on why." will be devoted to freshman
nominees and their ruthct peculiar views of State
College and its traditions.

As was pointed out in lust week's "letter," every
student enrolled in this institution was selected.
Selected to attend this institution whose reputation
was established long before ottr fathers were born.
The development of reputation \\'nS certainly not
based strictly on the academic program offered here.
The traditions of State College are Slate College. it
seems reasonable to assume that these traditions be
respected. I think, personally, that the leaders of
State College do respect the tradition of State College

but what about. the future leaders. A long (list'tls~
sion of the "what and why'Y of tradition 1S in order.
but to conserve news space. I will eliminate ii, in prel-
crencc to the reader's intelligence.

in this letter i want to bring out _|il.\l one thing;
the freshmen listed below are nominees for the high—
est class offices posxiblc. 'l‘lte elections will take place
next week. and I‘d like to give. all of them an oppor—
[unity to have their names in this publication. Many
of them have been listed before in the MYSKANIA
listing of tradition violators this is merely a sum—
tnury of those running and the Violations that hth-
becn reported. (There are many that have not been
reported ).

The following are running for President: Roy
O'Connor. 5; Henry Accto, 1’; Anabolic Buri'oot, 1:
Mike llrcnnan.  Jack Milton. ‘2. Vice-Presidential
candidates are: Enid Vigilante, Gretchen Wright. 3;
Peter Durbugclut. 1; Richard English. 1; liolund
thintill, ilonnld Alcandcr, 1; Dean (.‘unntnghum. 1;
Jerry linni'icld. Ii; Burneliu Bi'ontl'tcld, l. 'l‘hc iol—
lowtng are competing for Student. Council: .ionn l.c-
Ievc, Ll; Mary Crawford. 1’; Ruth lioncslecl, l; Pairi-
cltt Corcot'an, Mary l-lut'llo, 1!; Thomas Wullhcws,
l; i<‘rcidn Cohen, David liluni, 3; John Stefano, 1!.
Monty“ Leach. (lull Petty. 2; Marvin lellltin, l; Sur-
Wuri'icld, 2; Alice Meyer.

Conmdcr these nominees, pin them down about
various points, watch for next week's leller it might
contain more about nominees, Student Council, and
other choice tidbits. Look out, \vhochr you are.

Supporting Article II
Article III

 

 

informal dances tomorrow evening.

. ... .1... ......ww..——_Mm..w..... . .

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 12. 1934

Pierce, Park Will Open Doors; Phi Deli, AEPhi
Seyles, Van Dcrzec Plan Dances

Several residence halls will sponsor Open Houses and informal dances
this weekend. Pierce Hall and Park House will sponsor an Open House
for all State students on Sunday. Stiylcs and Van Dcrzee Halls will hold

()pen Houses

The women of Pierce Hall will

sponsor an Open House on Sunday

from 3 to 5 p.m., states Joan Burgulcre '56, President. The Refreshment
committee will be headed by Barbara Pi'cttie while Arrangements and

Hostess committees will be headed

SA Will Hear
Frosh Apologies

Mary Iacovone, Chairman of the
Warning Committee for Myskuniu,
has released the. names of those
freshmen who will make their apol—
ogies in assembly today.

 

The i'ieslimen who will give their
apologies this morning are: Roberta
Roy, Alan Levine, Joseph Connors,
Helen Paris, Gretchen Wright, Kerry
Aim White, David Bluin, George
Cosgrovc, Susan Durisck. Alfonso
LaFalcc, Joseph Flynn, Louise
George, Ida Cicelskv, Leo Martini
and Donald Mayer.

Donald Brennan and Franklin
Roth, freshmen, have both received
five warnings. Four warnings have
been issued to Mary Mnioricllo and
Joseph Connors. freshmen.

Loretta Malley, Gayle Petty,
Rosemary Santonicolu. Ross Daley.
Edith Owens, Jean Landry, Joan
Lchver, Sharlet Hulaj, Floi‘inc
Skittnik. Nancy Kitlus, Frederick
Gamuc‘nc and Richard Butchclder
arc the freshmen who have received
two warnings and thus necessitate
that their names be published in
the State (‘ollcgc News.

Stale Graduates

by Aranka Vincze, Sophomores and
Vivian Schiro '56. Chairman for the
Clean-up Committee is Rosemary
Solleclto. while records will be
handled by Sharon Garland, Sopho-
mores.

Park House Open House will be
held on Sunday from 3 to 5 p.m..
states Carolyn Meeker '58. The fol-
lowing committee chairmen have
been announced: Althea Dcnslow
'57, Communicntions; Rel‘i‘trshmenls,
Astrid Brcdel and Jean Christo-
pher; Hostesscs, Alfredo Asccl and
Beverly Anthony; Decorations, Pat-
riciu Zimmer and Janet Weinberg.
freshmen.

Sayles Date Party

"‘Hcrnando‘s Hide Away" will be
the theme of the Sziyles Hell Date
Party to be held tomorrow even-
ing at S p.m., states Thomas Dixon
'55, President. Allan Wcincr ‘56, is
Supervising Chairman while Fred
Gunmchc ’58 is General Chairman
of the uli‘uir. The following coni-
tnittcc heads have been announced:
Chapel-ones, Leo chuttlt; Decora-
tions. Thomas Wutihcws and Ger-
uld Blrr; Music, Gerald Biri'; Re-
freshments, G e org e Cosgrove;
Clean-up. Robert. Bosomworth;
Pttbliciiy, Allan Levine, l‘rcslnncn.

“Stardust” Theme for Eventing
"Stardust" will highlight the eve-
ning at Van Dcrzec's informal dance
tomorrow evening lrom 9 to 1 pin,
slates Dwight. Willscy ‘56. General
Chairman. Willscy has announced
the following committee chairmen:
Decorations. Donald Martin and
Louis Cushon, Juniors; Bernard
Robbins. Joseph Scnrek. Donald
Mayer z'litl Donultl Rice, freshmen.

Will Appear

In Cohoes Porirayol Oi’Horvey'

Next Thursday and Friday the
Cohoes Projects Association will
present the Pulitzer Prize winner and
cotnedy, “Harvey,” by Mary Chase.

Starring in the l'iilt‘s of Edward P.
Dowd and his sister Vitu will be
Joint Laing, Grad, and Diane.
Wheeler, grudnulc of State and
teacher at the Colonic Central
School. They will be supported by
John Jili()i)ilS, Grad, in the role of
Dr. Chunlcy. head psychiatrist oi
Chunley's Rest, u sanitorntm. Joan

[News’ Will Display
Exchange in Library

The Slate College Newx now has
.i newspaper exchange shell in the
upstairs library. It. 1:. located nt
section 06 iii the back of the library
above the radiator. The exchange
papers are being reserved here so
that all :llltleilts will have an op-
portunity to browse through the
newspapers of other colleges.

li'ormerly the exchange papers
were placed in the lower lounge til.
lirnintcir-r. Papers will be reserved
on the library shelf for one week.

Kopcxn. class of ‘58 and native of
Cohocs, will also be in the cusl.

The production is under llic direc-
lion of Donald l)lli‘lti.\_ Graduate
of State.

The production will take place in
Cohoes High School at 8:30 pm.
both nights. (icitci'ul admission is
one dollar. All proceeds of the show
will be timed in starting a Ci\’l(‘ Cen—
ter for the youth in that city.

The High School lS located on
Columbia Street which branches
right off the Albany-Surul.ogu road
at the Surutogtt Drive-In "l‘hcutcr.
Bus service on the Albuny-Cohocs
Bus hne iroiii Plum at 7 pm. goes
by the ..chooi. In returning to Al--
bony anyone would have to go by
bus through 'l‘roy because the lust
departure of the Albany—Cohocx Bus
Line is at 10:30 1i.lll.

Joe’s Barber Shop

53 N. Lake Ave.,
Near Washington Ave.
2 BARBERS
We Aim To Please

 

 

Schedule Evenis
This Weekend

Phi Delta Sorority will sponsor an
Open House for Statesmen this
weekend. Alpha Epsilon Phi Soror-
ity will sponsor a faculty tea on
Sunday from 3 to 5:30 pm.

Phi Delta Sorority will hold an
Open House for Statesmen Friday
evening from 9 to 12 p.iii., states
Arlene Grier ‘55, Vice-President. The
rooms Will be open for inspection
from 8 to 9 pm, while the entire
house will be open from 9 to 12
pm. The following committees have
been announced: Pre-Clean-up,
Helen Taylor; Refreshments, Nun-
aiutu Magistro, Sophomores; Enter—
taintncnt. Nancy Lighthail '55.

Alpha Epsilon Phi will sponsor a
Faculty Tea Sunday from 3 to 5:30
pm, states Marilyn Werbalowsky
'55, President. The ten will be held
at the AEPhi house at 840 Washing-
ton Avenue. Co-Chairmen for the
event are Meryle Goldman and Ros-
lyn Nelson, Seniors. All faculty are
invited to attend.

Phi Delta Sorority also plans a
Faculty Buffet on Sunday, Novam-
her 21, states Gertrude Strongski
 General Chairman. The follow-
ing Bullet Committee has been an-
nounced: Marilyn House, Chairman;
Jean Hullcnbeck, Juniors; Joan Van
Duscn and Mary Frcnya, Sopho-
illill‘CS.

Psi Gamma Sorority will hold an
Open House for RPI tonight, states
Sylvia Koi'itb ‘55, President.

Need Money?

Juniors! Settlers! Graduate
students! Alumni Association
wishes to assist you in any way
it can. You may not know that
it has a loan fund from which
you may borrow small sums to
title you over lean periods.

Loans may not exceed $200 to
any one applicant. One requisite
is that the borrower shall be it
student in good standing.

To obtain a loan a Junior. :1
Senior, or a. Graduate student
at State shall make application
on a. prepared iorm obtained in
the Alumni Office. Upon ap-
proval of the application by the
Beneficiary Aid Committee of
the Alumni Association the stu-
dent will receive his loan. Ro-
paymenl will not be. required
until November first following
the date upon which the bur~
rower leaves college.

May the Alumni Association
help YOU?

I

 

A
..,.,_...4-l....,.. _. , ..  .... ..  .. a... _

 

PAO- I

Fraternities Fail in Supreme Court:

 

Supreme Court Ruling To Affect

National Groups

in State College

The Supreme Court dismissed the appeal by Sigma
Tau Gamma, Delta Kappa, Inc., to have national frater-
nities and sororities banned from the campuses of the
State University of New York. The ruling, handed down
by the three-judge Federal Court in New York, was upheld.

 

SAC Deadline
Set For Today

All students who have not had
their pictures taken for their Stu-
dent Activity card must report to
Draper 106 today between 9 am.
and 5 p.m., reports Frank Lo'I‘rug-
llo ‘55. This announcement applies
to all wnose pictures have not been
taken, including students who reg-
istered late. or who did not have
their picture taken when they reg-
istered, or whose picture must be
retaken due to errors.

Today is the last chance for stu-
dents to have their pictures taken.
If no picture is taken, they will not
be able to obtain an activity card,
states Lo’I‘ruglio.

Approximately 50 students have
not yet picked up their activity cards
in the Student Personnel Office.
These students are requested by Lo-
Trugiio to pick up their cards today.

According to a New York Times
article more than 20,000 students at
twenty-two units of the university
and twelve “contract colleges” will
be affected by this ban.

On October, 1953 the edict of
the trustees, the primary purpose of
which was to abolish racial dis-

crimination at state institutions,
was issued.

The fraternities felt that the ban
denied them civil rights and free-
dom of speech, religion and assem-
bly granted to them by the First
Amendment of the Constitution.

Nathaniel L. Goldsteln, Attorney
General of New York, contended
that this decision will not affect
anyone except in his capacity at a
state university.

A ruling by the universities trus-
tees that no social organization
would bc allowed to operate, which
barred students “on account of race,
color, religion, creed, national or-
igin or riher artificial criteria" was
involved.

 

 

TICKETS

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

W.

Corner Ontario & Benson
Dial 4-1125
FLORIST &
GREENHOUSE
College Florists for Years
Special Attention
for
Sororities and Fraternities

 

Clothes Dryers - Study Lumps
’I‘housunds of items

Genlral Variely

:ilit Central Avenue
Below Quail Street.
()pcn Every Night till 0

I I ,

Felicia s Beauly Salon
{iii-A No. Lake Ave.
iNi‘lll' Washington Avco
".lth'lY” 'l’lilil' Stylist
’I‘clcphonc 3-97-19

 

 

 

75 Safe Strch

ART KAPNER

"YOUR .rt‘A't'r INSURANCE MAN"
ALL TYPES oi lNSURANCE

5-1471

Albany, N. Y.

 

 

Mingle
with the crowd
at the
Snack
Bar

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

Quickly, Comfortably, Dependably

by GREYHOUND

  
 
 

   

 

One Way

SYRACUSE ............................. ..$3.l5
PLA'I‘TSBURGII   4.15
BINGHAMTON . . . . . . . . .. 3.50
I'I‘HACA .............. ..  4.50
ROCHESTER .............................. .. 5.10
BUFFALO . ............................... .. 6.20
WA'I‘ER'I‘OWN    4.40
NEW YORK (.‘I'IY   3.70
ll’l‘l(‘A .   2.40
(‘OHLESKILL .............................. .. 1.15
(‘IIERRY VALLEY ................... .. 1.45
Itlt‘lil-‘IELD SPRINGS .  1.30
ELMIRA ... .  ....... ... 5.35
LAKE ‘-E()RGE  .  1.65
GENEVA ..  ....................... .. 4.45
.IAMES’I‘OWN .  7.95
Pitts U.

  
 
  
  
 
 

One Way
CORTLAND . .. .......$4.00
BOSTON ...... ..  4.50
ONEONTA . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . .. 2.05
PHILADELPHIA .. .... .. 5.80
WASHINGTON  .............. .. 8.75
OGDENSBURG . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. 5.55
CANTON . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. 5.90
AUBURN   . 4.60
MONTREAL ..... .. 6.05
NIAGARA FALLS . 6.80
(‘ANANDAIGUA .. .. 4.85
I’O’I‘SDAM . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. 6.90
SARANAC LAKE .  4.45
IIA'I‘AVIA ........... .. 6.05
HAMILTON ......................... .. 2.55
NORWICH ... .. ... ,. ....... .. 3.00
:5. Tax

Save an Extra 10'. Each Way with a loumd-‘l‘rip ’I‘icket

GREYHOUND TERMINAL

350 Broadway

 

Phone 4—0165

GREYHou

Wﬁxx .
V”)

“K:

D,

    

 

