PAGE I , .
From The Editor’s Desk:

our: COLLEGE saws. FRIDAY. novemesn a. iogia~  _

We Want The Topic Debatedl

"I have sworn upon the altar of God eternal hostil-
ity against every form of tyranny over the mind of
man.” —-Thomas Jefferson

Members of Debate Council appeared be-
fore Student Council Wednesday evening,
to elicit the feelings of the organization
concerning the national debate topic set
for this year by the National Forensic As-
sociation. The topic: Resolved, The United
States should recognize the Communist
government of China. The group pointed
out that both Catholic colleges and military
schools have been prohibited from partici-
pating in any such debate, and are advo-
cating a substitute topic. Reasons being
that one claims moral issues are involved;
the other, that such a discussion is con-
trary to the present national foreign policy.

After an almost negative presentation of
the issue by the debaters, With an absolute
minimum of positive discussion following,
Student Council recommended that the
topic not be debated by our forensic group,
the latter to make the final decision. The
debaters are also desirous of finding out
the sentiments of members of Student As-
sociation, and due to the crowded Assembly
agenda today, a special assembly is being
called Monday evening. At that time a dis-
cussion and straw vote will be voiced.

We are in direct opposition to Student

News Views:

Republicans Gain Senate;
Democrats Take House

By MALCOLM ROGERS, JR.

Well, everybody clamored so much about a. land-
slide for the Democrats that no one heard the peb—
ble fall. Harrbnan seems to have won by approxi-
mately 9,000 votes in what still is a very contested
election. Jacob Javits in a surprise development won
over Franklin Roosevelt, Jr., finally. Junior ﬁnally
found out that even a Roosevelt can't survive a solo
treck through Carmine's lion den. The Republicans,
of course, control the legislature through the "gerry-
mandered" districts.

Although the House 01' Representatives can be
easily organized, the Democrats control in the
Senate rests on Clifford Case, Reptiblican candidate
in New Jersey, who is leading by only 200 votes over
Representative Howell. Interestingly, for the first time
since reconstruction, supporters of national Repub-
licans have been reelected in the Deep Sotith, the
first senatorial contest in ’75 years in South Carolina
was decided in favor of J. Strom Thuirnond, leader
of the Statcs'-nghtcrs in 1948.

The results in the South and the election of Hur-
riman. Lausche in Ohio and Williams in Michigan
seems to prestige the 1956 convention of the Demo-
crats. If the South is rated highly by the new Dem-
ocratic high command. conservative Lausche has the
best chance of these three leading governors to be
nominated. Should the more libeai Williams or Har-
riman emerge, it probably will result in it bolt ol‘
the Southern forces again led by ’l‘hurmond. But any
theory of development two years hence can be coni-
pletely knocked otit of the lint by any unforsecu
development.

If the Republicans organize the Senate it will prob-
ably mean constant dlckcrlng with the House on most
all legislation. Since the Democratic House could

Council’s recommendation. We urge our
reader to vote in favor of having the topic
debated. Our reasoning centers about a
basic princi le, the right to voice opinion
freely. As a ebate team will argue pros and
cons on a topic, it has been pointed out to
us that to argue in favor of recognition is
to argue the doctrines of Communism. We
feel this, and similar reasoning, is grossly
out of proportion. To argue pro does not
necessarily mean that a debater has to up-
hold communist doctrine, for example, the
economic, diplomatic and other such bene-
fits of recognition to be gained could be
presented. It would mean the realistic ap-
praisal of a current sore-spot in interna-
tional circles. To argue the negative simply
involves a “parroting” of our nation’s for-
eign policy statements. A basic issue of tol-
erance is involved. The registering of dis-
approval of the proposed topic negates the
concept of-I “open-mindedness,” which is
and should be characteristic of our society.
Why take a stagnant issue, thrash out one
that needs airing! Debaters are neither
legislators nor diplomats. We are a teach-
ers’ college, all the more reason why we
should approve the topic. Is democratic
thought and reasoning to be stifled? Are
we to be teachers of a “propaganda” of
which we have accused others? We want
the topic debated!

easily block the program 01' the president, it will
most likely do everything in its power to discredit
Ike. The question is whether Ike will sulk as did
Wilson, since he, too. was imbued with little practical
political knowledge, or fight as did Truman, the
master of political treachery.

We see that Batista won in Cuba. Of cotirse. it
wasn‘t too democratic, but knowing the election re-
sults right after the polls close surely would keep up
our constitution, especially if we have eight o'clocks.

Looks like the opening oi" the Met will have coni-
petitlou this year; the story of Joe, typical American
boy. defender of freedom. war hero «we can't think
of any more. inst ask hiini opens on November eighth
also. Well, we've always said give a fellow enough
string. and he’ll hang himself.

Expect the Senate to not upon the vacancy created
on the Supreme Court bench by the death 01' Justice
Jackson. Knowing Washington correspondents say the
Court will be Dulled; Dewey) will settle on the Sec-
retaryship of Defense and the i'avorlte thlison of
of" the Midwcstcruers will set. on an obscure ain-
bassadorship.

Most observers are of the opinion that the present
good times in btisiness will continue for at least the
next year. Seems that. Adlai Stevenson was so sure
there was going to be it depression under Ike that
he sold most of his Common stock: the loss so far has
amounted to $266,420.

li'anian oil is once attain flowing in the channels 01'
fire world conuncrcc. Thanks to Herbert Hoover, Jr..
govcrnnicnt and a combine of eight "Western Bloc"
who negotiated the agreement between the Shah's
oil shippers and producers. Mosoow has lost any im-
mediate prospects of enlarging its cmplrc.

Nehru sccms finally to be seeing the light in Asia
after his recent trip to Pclping. The military activi-
ty of the Red Chinese seem to point to friction in the
near future. The blood-stained truce for Vietnam is
bcing continually violated by soldiers of Ho Chi Miiih
who. looking i'orward to the elections 01' 1956, are
mixing into tiic civilian population.

 

 

 

Gammon-state’s

By WITTSCHEN & L0 'I‘RUGLIO

 

a

 

OLD LINE . . .

Risking the comment of “oh the same old line," may we remind you
frosh that you have important decisions coming up in your class elec-
tions. Now that you've had a few tongue lashings at class meetings and
from Myskania. why not elect such a good group of officers that you will
want to, and that you will, accomplish great things under their leader-
ship. You can do this only by careful and thoughtful campaigning and
voting. Make your own decisions after weighing character. facts ino-
tives and advice r?i you may get from uppcrclassmen.

VI'I‘ALITY . . .

. . . heard that the Rivalry banner hunt caused a small riot at Hawlcy
two weeks ago. Let's hope for little bloodshed tomorrow. Remember to
save enough energy to stay out from under the pushball.

EXTRA GOOD . . .

The Snack Bar has new white cups, and new hot chocolatc to put
in them (only one dime». but bring these cups back to the counter carc—
fully, they break . . . but bring them back!

RAIN. . . . WE IIOPE NO'I‘!

The spirit of the students toward the Soccer team has never bccn
So strong as it is now during the games this semester. A good crowd
showed up at the RPI away game and the games here at Bcvcrwvck
Field have been almost well attended. ’I‘omorrow, the Gcneseo tcani is
coming with bus loads of students and a pep-band. How about a good
turnout of State students really rooting for our team and raising a littlc
"heck" with the pep-band of our own. Wc‘ll order warmer weather, and
promise that it won‘t be as cold as it was at Hawkins Stadium.

(‘AMI'IIS (‘lIES’I‘ . . .

Should a finger be pointed at the chairmen of Campus Chest. :it
the people working under thcm as solicitors and publiciccrs, or should wc
point at ourselves, as the cause for the total of the drive failing way
below the goal, and considerably under last year's $1.200 total? .

llNNECESSARY . . .

Word has it that there are quite a few Student. Activity Cards lcii,
We can't understand your apathy toward picking up your cards. Don't
forget that they are your only means of" admittancc to collcgc activiiics,
so check the Student Information Scrvicc. and make sure you pick up
your card or havo your picture retiikcu il' some other monkcy appears on
it. Remember, the date for taking photographs is November 12 .

TOUCHDOWN . . .

For all you who have been pleading for football why iioi watch
what you have? The Intra-iuurul playoff game is Sunday and lhci'c
will be lots 01' players you know.

QUESTION 0i" THE WEEK . . .

Did you uttt‘litl the 1051 good of thc oi'dcr nicciiiig, or did you follow
the crowd?

 

College Calendar

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

"TAILIINID HAY I. I I

IV THE CLAII OF IIII

 

First Place CSPA First Place APC
VOL. XXXIX November 5, 1954 No. it

Members of the NEWS iitiiff may be reached Tuesday and
Wednesday from 'I to 11 pm. at 2-3326. Ext. 11. Phones:
Lackey, 3-0277; Ruben. 02-0570, itcitz, 241711, Swicrzowski.
2-87“; Moore, 2-3320.

The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State
00110 a for Teacher»; published every Friday of the College
you y the NEWS Board for the Student, Association.
I'ldltor-lii-(lliiel

DONALD LACK!” - - - - ~ - - - - .
EVELYN IUIKN - - - - - - - - - - Managing Editor
WIIMID IEITZ - - - - - - - Public Relations Editor
ESTHER GOLDS'I'l-IIN - - - - - - CIrouIIiion-Exolungo
"ANGIE MONAIIAN - - - "urinals-Advertising Editor
AILIICN COCIIIIANE - - - a - - - Associate Editor

N LUI’T - - - s - - - - - Alsooluie Editor
JOSE?" HWII‘JItZOW-‘iKl » ~ - - - - v v — ' - Sports Editor
JOANNE MOORE - - ~ - - - ~ - - - Future Editor
AI LD NI! N - - - - ~ - - Junior Sport- Member
DOROTHY HAHMUHHEN - < - e - - - Junior Hportu MMIIIIN‘
JOHN KNAI'I' - - ~ - - - ‘ - - - Stuff Photographer

 

All communications should be uddroued to the editor and
must be signed. Names will be withheld upon ruquoiit.
The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility for
opinioaa uprooted in In columns or eouiinunlciitlonii. ua Uliull
uproaqu do not necessarily reflect in View.

0"

 

 

 

 

[quid (ape/u
By CLIFF DAVIS

Ah yes! Bogey and Avu arc uniting finally in holy
movie-lock, They'll be here in two dimension in The
Barefoot (Iontessu iit the Strand. Ava Gardner sliiiks
ii round in syiisy costumes and shimmering gowns for
two hours wlillc Bogart follows and applies the
pressure!

lt‘crvid 1)iinii Aiidrcws enthusiasts! “wt to the
Grand quick. l)iinii only has ’I‘hi'ee "0|er To Kill in
u liitli-ccntui‘y hoss-iown. Donna ltccd is with him
all the way. Miss (iriint 'l‘ukes Richmond is it little
nniubcr running with, and starring Lucillc Bull and
Bill fioldcn.

(Jhulk up iinothcr wch ioi' White (‘liristiiins at thc
l'uliice. «It must hc iluit lush, lcviiithuii piece of
sci'ccii tlicy'vc got. i‘iiigcd up that's drawing the
fans.)

A ciiiciiui Ht‘t'l‘i'i’ What Will The (ioldcii (‘oiicli. ill
ilic “(‘liiWill'c, bc iiboiil‘.’ (Jiiidcrcllu, perhaps?

Opera i'i'oiii lhc Met to the “fluid in Albany. Mon-
diiy night iii if |ilil. via a special closed circuit tclc»
cast. 'i’lckcts up to $3.30. We Hilili‘llllit‘i' tiic sci'ccn
will he hii'gcr than 21 inchcs.

The Siege tit lied River with Van Johnson iiiul
Joiiiiiic Dru inid (iorillu at Large with (.luiiici'oii
Mitchell are on ilic cclluloid rccis ut the Madison,
lricnds.

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 5

4:00 i).lil. Ncws Stuff Mccting, l".(). (also ii'csliincni

0:00 pm. Ncwiuun I'Illll ()pcn liousc, 741 Madison Avcnuc
‘iuniniu Kappa Phi l)aic Party, .203 Wcstcrii Avcnuc

SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 0

910511.111. Registration Itil' l“(il‘t‘il.‘,li l.ill|,'illll,;l‘ ('(illll‘lt'llt'f‘. l)l':l|lf‘l' .-\n-

iicx 345

10:00 ilill. llaunci‘ Hunt, (tollcgc Campus

100 pm. itivuli'y Puslihiill, Bcvci'wyck Park

2:00 |).iil. Soccci' (iiillll‘. llcvci'wycli Park

0.00 pm. Alpha lu‘psilon l'hi (ipcn lionsc, il-lii Washington Ari-nui-

Sl'NliAV. NOVEMBER '7

ll1tl0ptii, (lollcgc Ili‘litiiir» (ipcii llonsi'. illii-il‘J-l Hiiiic Hli'i't'i
Kappa tictii (ipcn llounc. 471 State Hll‘i'l'l

7:00 pm. Htudcnl llnioii lloai'd Mcciing, (iii‘l'l‘illlli'lil ltooiii, lll‘llliiii'llll

7:1!) ilJil. lliilcl l"olk iluncc ('llth. t'tiniii'cizalioii (ihuv Hholiini

MONDAY. NOVEMBIIZR ti

“1.00 pm. Spcciul Assi'uibly i|llili'i' to he (li‘thiiilll'il lli r\.‘l‘ll|lll\ lod.i\>

’l‘l'ESIiAV. NOVEMBl-IR 0

4:00 pm. (‘iillhlllillitiii tcnls loi' ii'cslniizin iitiiiiiicu. tor Hlndciii (‘ouiu-il
titliitlil l'l't‘hltli'lii. lirupcr Hull tAlso .ii ’1 Jill pin lli lillllidi'liil
a I

7:15 |).il|. (flii'islian h't'll'llilhl Mt't‘iliii;. lil'liliiii'lli'l' Ililll

7,30 |).lli Scnioi' (‘lu.~.s Mcciing, liruluiciicr

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 10

11.00 |i.lil. (‘onsliiuilon ll'hlh loi' Ii'cshinuii ntinnicm lot Hindi-iii (‘olun It
iiilil l’l'i'hitlt'lll. lil'tllit‘l' liull tAlso :il ’1 ill) pin in liinlmchci
lhilli

’100 pm. llillci Htii'ii'iy Mccluiu, ili'nbuchci'

'l‘lll‘RSDAV, NOVEMBER 11

7.30 pm. Ncwuiun Club Mcctinii, Ncwiiian lllill, 'l-il Miltlintiii Aicnuc

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 5. 1954

PA'OE‘ I

 

Foreign Language Conference:

 

Conference Tomorrow To Discuss
Grade School Language Program

Draper and Brubacher Halls will be the scene tomor-
row of a conference on teaching foreign languages in

grade school.

Dr. Edwin Munro, Associate Professor of

Modern Languages, is chairman of the committee in charge

of the meeting.

All teachers, student teachers, and other interested

students may register at 9:45

p00“;
04:» 7/“ gm

We have a question this week for
all interested readers from The Ni-
agara Index. “When the bell rings
at the end of a class, have you ever
wondered where all those thought-
provoked students disappear? To
an unfamiliar passerby, the library
might seem to be the foregone con-
clusion. but, however probable it
may be, it just won't do. After a
gruelling forty-nine minutes dedi-
cated to that most ponderous of
tasks, emerging Caesar victorioth
over the lethal Allibroged, the last
moments are devoted to reminisc-
ences of the student center, which
contains the long-anticipated pos-
session, iiamely. a cup of coffee.

Here's the latest definition for
love life from the University Daily
Kansan: First you're pinned, then
you're nailed. Ogden Nash states
that: Marriage is the only known
example ot' the happy meeting ol'
the hmuovablc tibjcct and the ir-
rcstiblc force.

The Daily Kansaii has this ad-
vice. "Willi thc new song ‘Mr. Sand—
man’, you would think the instruc-
tors would take some sort of hint.
How about lllStf‘iKl of this 'right to
work' lcgishilion, we try to gct
through ll liiilt- ‘i'ight to slccp' lcg-
isluiion. Also we quote; "Our eight
o'clock class reminds us of a poem:
'Out of the night that covers inc.
Black .is a pit from class to class-
ttst to test."

 

a.m. tomorrow in Room 345,
Draper Annex. At 10:45, a general
meeting of all those attending is
scheduled for Draper 349. Nelson
Brooks, Research Associate from
Yale University will speak on the
subject of“ “Foreign Languages in
the Elementary School. Facts mid
Implications.“

At eleven o'clock. those attending
the conference will watch a demon-
stration class which will be taught
by Mrs. Raflela Karlsson, a teacher
at the Guilderland Central School.
She will teach a third grade class
from Westmere Elementary School.

The demonstration class will be
followed by a panel discussion on
“Problems and Implications of Lan-
guages in the Grades". Moderator
oi‘ the panel discussion will be Pro-
fessor Marie Davis from Skidmorc
College. Other participants will in-
clude Winifred Smith, elementary
teacher from Colonic; John Ether.
Princiin ol' Westmere Elementary
School; Professor Gordon Silbcr
from Uiiioii Collegc, a language
ic-ichci'; Sidncy Lutziu. ii parent
from the Guilderland Central School
District, Mrs. John Sutphcn. a Col—
onic school board member; and
Roy Colion, a Latin teacher at A1-
bany Academy.

After a luncheon at 1 pm. at
Brubachci' Hall. Janics Mohcr, Su-
pci'vlsoi' of Foreign Language Ed-
ucation for the New York State Ed-
uctltion Departman will spcak about
“Certification of Forcigii Laiiguagc
Teachers for Elcincui try Schools.

Bunny Hep To Bermuda For Six
Days Of Paradise Ai Easier

Have you cvcr hail the urgc to
take a long. long trip just to gct
away l'rtm everything, to live in
your own paradise for a. little while?
I“(il‘ some time, students have suf-
it'l'i'fi silcully from this (loop dcslrc.
Eight yours ago, :1 iiicitns was dc—
Viscd thiough which this drcain
could be realized. '1‘hc spectacular
plan is known lln lici'inudii Collcgo
chk and is cclchriilcd for thrcc
wccks during thc ulnstci' scusoii.
Each u'ccks til'l'l‘l'h' the sonic acti-
\iiics so that. aiiyoiic may cit]in
ihc hosoiiiilily oi lhc island icgnio—
less of inc date of his vacation

llcrniuda ()ollcgc Wi-ck ll‘iitfi‘h‘ its
origin to scvcu days of ltubgy coni-
pctition lilll'i' World War ll be-
lwccii lliiiish clubs and Alllt'l‘lt'illl
lvv Lciignc tciuns. Sincc thcn, mom
and i.oi'c activitics h;th hccii added
to thc sclicdulc iiiilil now the wcck
has. l)t‘('i.iili‘ one oi the highlights
of tlic year in 15(‘l‘llilltlil.

I‘ltl‘iiulli' can have it good llllll‘.
l"oi‘ lllc spoi‘is-iiiiluii‘d. l.lll‘l'l' is 11-11—
on, golf, :dilllliH, bicycling. iishnig,
and, ycs, c\cii flying. l“oi' the lllUl'i‘
[illhhHl' guincs, excursions, and sight—
sccing :ll'l' tillt'l't'tl. lii ihc cvcning,
iiulivc Calypso bands play lll thc

o RECORDS
O FILMS iJliiVEIJOl’lt‘L)

Blue Note Shop

150 Central Avenue
()pcil Evenings till 0:00

hotels and sci thc mood for delight-
i'iil hours of dining and dancing.
During I'Ioiy chk, Island churchcs
invite all to ailciid ihcir colorful rc-
ligious st-i'viccs.

Thc lincsi hoicls :iud gucsi. ac-
coinuitdalioiis arc unidc available
in all siudciiis iiilciiding ihc Col—
lcgc Wick festivities. The ruins arc
not high: in fact, .ippi'oxiiiuitcly
$180 would covci‘ trinisportution, c.\'-
pciiscs, i-iid extras for six days of
Berinud.. luxury.

This is the plan that is being
oli'ci'cd to make your Etistci‘ Vilffll.’
illiII satisfy ilic dcsirc which haunts
you throughout thc school ycui'. If
you lll'l' inicrcstcd. why not contact
Williuni Floyd, (trad, for furihcr

. llllt)l'lllilll(ili':‘ itcincmhcr.'l'luiiiksgiv-

ing is just around ilic corner and
I‘Illhlt'l' cunnoi. be far ochiiid.

 

“The Mayflower”
SODA BAR
(‘ANDY
lcc (‘rctnii to Take Out
209 Central Avenue

PHONE: li—iiii'll

 

Construction Progresses Rapidly Professor Talia

On Annex To Richardson Hall

  

Pictured above is the construction site for the proposed addition.

Construction on the addition to
Richardson Hall is proceeding ac-
cording to schedule and is slated
for first use sometime during next
year's fall semester.

The new $1,064,073 addition which
was begun on November 15 will be
three stories high and will have a
solid front on Washington Avenue
from Diaper Hall to the Milne
School.

New facilities for the Dranintics
Departinan will include stagecrai‘t
rooms on the first l'loor, a large rc-
hcai'sal room (with a stagc approxi-
iualcly thc sizc of Page Hall stage),
dressing rooms, and costume and
niakc-uji rooms on thc second floor.
A stairway will connect these dross—
ing and nnikc-up rooms to back-
stage of Page Hall. In Page Hall
itself, the stage is being enlarged
by the forward extension of the
proscenium arch.

Radio round studios and a Con-
trol room on thc sccond floor will
he uscd io corrch spccch and to
provide practical experience for Rit-
dio and Tcicvision activities.

In addition to new facilities for the
use in the dramatic and audio-vi-
sual fields. four offices will be in-
cluded on the first floor; two class-
rooms and seven offices will be
included on the second floor. One-
way glass will be used for two walls
of the middle of three ndjourning
second iloor offices making it pos-
sible for this office to be used as
an observation room.

A large music rehearsal room,
music library, two practice rooms
and storage rooms for instruments
tail on the third floori will expand
the existing- Music Department.
One additional classroom and
five offices will also be included
on the third floor. A corridor
through the two existing classrooms
in Richardson will connect these
rooms with the third floor of Rich-
ardson.

The basement oi‘ the new edifice
will be used primarily to house a
new heating plant. The construc-
tion at this point is reported to be
at its loudest.

To Faculty On
Regional Study

Swan's Island, which is located
five miles off the coast of Maine,
was the location and topic of study
by Dr. Perry D. Westbrook, Asso-
ciate Professor of English, who was
on sabbatical leave last year. At a
recent research meeting of the fac-
ulty, Dr. Westbrook reported on
his regional study of this typical
Maine coast fishing community.

Dr. Westbrook and his family
spent last year at their summer
home on Swan's Island which is
an old fishing community. The West-
brooks have spent the past 15 sum-
mers at this summer home. Ten
years ago Dr. Westbrook thought of
the idea for the book which he star-
ted work on last year.

The community on Swan's Island
has a school which the Westbrook
children attended during their stay.
According to Dr. Westbrook, the
community has a population of
about 45') people. The only occupa-
tions carried on are lobstering and
herring fishing. The families are
of English decent and are the same
families that originally settled the
island, Very few other people spend
their summers at Swan's Island.

SBF Announces Last
Opportunity For Cards

All students who do not at this
time have Student Activity Cards
are requested by Student Board of
Finance to report to the Rotunda
next Friday to have new pictures
taken. The delay has been the result
(1' the small turnout of students to
pick up their cards so far, states
Mary Knight '57.

Th... will be the last opportunity
for students to get their identifi—
(illlUll cards. Anyone who does not
have an Activity card will not be
admitted to college functions. This
ruling Will not apply to off-campus
teachers.

 

 

 

lo lhe

 

The Snack Bar

caters

 

 

Did You Know - - - -

THANKSGIVING is 20 days away?
The Co—op has THANKSGIVING cards?

The Co-op rents TYPEWRITERS at
$4.50 a month

$11.00 for 3 months?
The white SWEATSHIRTS have arrived?
There is now a new line of costume
JEWELRY iii the Co-op?
Box BOP ‘tll'flS are now available
in the everyday line?
  .. _. as, _____ _~*

There are only 33 (lo-op days to Xmas

 

 

 

 

