 

 

 

PAGE 2

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 8. 1954

 

Redefinition . . .

Article seven, section two, item (b) of the
State College Student Association Consti-
tution states that one of the duties of
Myskania shall be “In open court to try
individuals who are charged with having
violated a regulation. These individuals or
organizations shall be brought before Mys-
kania by the organization charged w th
enforcing the regulation which has been
violated.” In the past, Myskania has not
taken full advantage of this duty, due
mainly'to lack of enforcement methods.

Tuesday evening, Myskania. was ap-
proached by the college Administration
with a suggestion that would redefine this
latent duty of the judicial branch of our
government. The suggestion in brief would
entail the formation of an honor code
among our student body. Myskania would
act in its judiciary capacity with the co-
operation of the administration and campus
organizations. This redefinition of duties
would expand Myskania power to judge 'on
moral questions such as the examination
problem which arose last year and was
handled by both Myskania and the college
administration. The proposed honor court
would have the cooperation of the admin-
istration in the enforcement of penalties
ranging from limited use of the school Com-
mons to expulsion from college.

We consider this suggestion as a step
forward in the growth of our college. It
represents the opening of channels that
would lead to the maturation of student-
faculty and administration-faculty rela-
tions. However, several questions remain
unanswered in our minds: Does a body
such as Myskania have the right to infringe
upon individual freedoms such as the rights
now exercised by Judicial Board and Inter—
sorority Council? Would such an “honor
system” lead to more mature behavior on
the part of the students or would it lead to
a rebellion against an omnipotent, ubiqui-
tous authority?

A straw vote at the Tuesday evening
meeting brought a unanimous decision
from Myskania that revealed their interest
and approval of the suggestion.

Ali-College Revue . . .

A motion was made in Student Council
to abandon plans for this year’s proposed
All-College Revue. The motion was passed
without one word of discussion. The scant
discussion preceding the motion indicated
that the idea for a Revue next year is still
on the agenda. The reason for not con-
tinuing plans for this year’s revue was lack
of student interest.

We have no guarantee that our student
body will come forth with a new spurt of
enthusiasm come next September.

Remembering the lengthy and verbose
debates that preceded the abandonment of
Big-4’s, we find it incongruous to see the
results of those debates being cast aside
without one word of discussion. What hap-
pened to all the “school spirit” that was 0
be the result of ACR? Is it just that debat-
ers aren’t directors, or are we simply hear-
ers of the word?

 

; \

STATE COLLEGE NEWS
llTAILlIHID MAY III.
IV THE CLAII 0" III.

First Place APC
l"ebruary 5, 1054 No. iii

Medalist CSPA
VOL. XXXVIII

Members of the NliiWB staff may be reached Tuesday and
Wednesday from ’I to ll p.In. at tl-litiilti, lilxt. ll. l’honaa
Moore and Ruben, 2-3820; Ashlioid. :i-tiiiilll. I'lltli‘od and Carly.
2-0612; Surteu. 2-3320.

The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State
College for Teachers; published every Friday of tho Column
year by the NEWS Board for the Student Anmxilation.

EVELYN ltUlIl'lN - - - - - - - - - - It'dltor-ln-Uliluf
- - - - - - - - - (lo-Managing ltditor

~ - - — - - - (ioaMnnaxin. Editor
JOYCE lilllt'l‘liiil - - - - - - - - l'uhilu Itelntlom Editor
ALICE MAHIIOIAN - - - - - - - - Circulation Editor
’ - - Hpuru Editor

MAIIIEL HOllWltlllilt Illglorious-Advertising Manager
WILLARD aarrz - - - - - - - — - - Auooletelt‘ditor

All communiontiouoi should be addrumiod to the editor and
mutt be ill nod. Names will be withheld upon reiuuut.
'l‘lie H’I‘A'l‘ll‘ (.‘(ihliliit'llil NlllWH assumes no l‘lIIVUDI illity
for opinions oxrrimaoil In it» columns or mnnuiunlcwtlonn
no such express one do not neccmuurlly reflect Ila View.

W1

  
  

  

.//,’y// ’

 

 

////

 

villi 

  
  

 

 

44w gmiu'de and 51%“

 

The method to the supposed inact-
ness of the people supporting the
recently passed blll designed to dis—
continue the compulsory assembly
attendance rule seems to many of
us simply a desire on the part of
the student body to improve and
modernize our school government.
The main issue that was involved
in the motion, as presented. was
solely the desire to discontinue
compulsory attendance at assembly
sessions.

There are those who would have
it believed that the proponents of
this motion automatically and
whole-heartcdly, as if in some foul
plot. accept and recommend a sub-
stitute form of government of a
specific type. Is it even necessary
to go into the facts regarding this?
There are those of Us Who desire
and recommend a new government
wtlicrc are those of us who do iiotl
That desire on the part of a few
individuals to condemn the whole
issue by adding confusion to con-
fusion and seeding doubt by nits-
representation within the minds of
the student body. is not only a
poorly chosen leaning,butone which
will not stand tip when its rather
specious arguments are studied.

The reason that. the question of
representative government came up
at all. was that Myskania felt that.
there was a chance of the student
body‘s not attending assembly un—
less compelled to do so. This, they
feared would leave the school with-
out a functioning government. I
believe, and have bcllcvcd all along.
that this is an unncccssnry precau-
tioti. as the individual integrity of
the student has enough to it. to
maintain satisfactory assembly at~
tcndnilcc. Unfortunately. some peo-

Gapdal 8W4

My ltON LACK I'JY

 

 

Starting with this issue of the
News, and running Weekly. lt' splice
permits, this column will attcinpt to
afford you a brief glimpse at cntcr—
taiiunent to be found in town. This
time. the cinema,

'l‘his wcckcnd \\‘lii sce thc Klt'l‘
clinrgc forth on a local Cincnniscope
scl'ct'll. 'l‘uhltt drums bent, and two
little guys with (We big guns shoot.
up the town.

()ul. of the golden lol'c oi the ngc
of chivalry t‘olilcs the one romantic
achnturc story tliut':. livod through
the ccnturlcs. Now the exploits oi
King Arthur and his knights tilit‘ll
ncw rcalins of eyc-wtdcning \von—
tiers: on (tinmiascopc, of course.
MtiM’s "Knights of thc ltountl
’l‘ablc," starring ltobcrt ‘l‘aylor. Ava
(iardncr, itllti Mei l"ci'rcr, opcncd
'l'hurstlay at the Palace 'l‘IIcatro.

A South Sea island saga that
"ottt-Ilii'iilo all others," "lirums. ot
'i‘uhiti," also started yesterday, at.
the Grand. 'l'be co-icuiurc, "ititi

By ARNOLD ELM/\N

 

pic exist who do not maintain faith
in the personal integrity of others:
So. we have the question of new
or modified forms of government.

As one member of the student
body. and not as any self-styled
(icinigogue, i feel it my obligation,
and the obligation of all the stit-
dcnts at this school. to participate
actively. supporting those views
which are. felt the best for the wcl-
'arc of the school as a whole. is
there any doubt that those people.
who maintain that. representation-
al government. will bring about
something closcly akin to anarchy,
have as their motivation, the feel-
ing that they are doing the best
for their school? Is there any doubt
that the opposing viewpoints have
the same motivation?

The prime purpose of studcnt
government bodies. is to give us.
the students of America. exercise
in democratic government- The
American Way. ()ur gin/crnmcnts.
federal. state and local arc. in cs~
:cllt'c. founded on the principle of
individual responsibility. in actual
practice. those qluliillcd to vote go
to the polls and vote as they be-
licvc. ’l‘hcrc is no cut system to
force poll attendance. 'l‘hc only
punishrncnt for Iiot having voted
is the fact. that you did not slip-
port. your viewpoint. and illin‘
thereby liclped its defeat. if it is
defeated, School govcrimu-nt docs
not. have to Work dlll'crcntly.

it is sad to note. that just fol-
lowing a period of gcncrul resurg-
t‘llt't' iii the belief of oiic's fellow
llllili. we have this discordant notc
of doubt ’l'hroughout the history of
our nation. we havc licui'd such
phrases conic up as. "if you don't
toot your own hot‘ll‘. no one will!"
()ur \vhoic hcrltugc, as Americans.
is filled to brimming with an atti-
tude of individual responsibility. is
free enterprise solely a conccpt. of
cconomlcs‘.’ We do not believe so!

(,tcrtalnly, it is obvious from
whatever standpoint one takes.
that. as llacon said. "The mold oi
man's fortune is in his own hands."

ilour llunt." iius bccn listed us an
'lllltiit'l'ili)il‘ ~~.ttspi~nsc tantaliz-
lili'. hunt!"

The two most. l'lliilit'ra» mob mon-
lll‘t'ilh who ever Ierror—reigned across
the :a‘l'ccli. "l’ubllc l‘lncmy" niui
"l.lttlc (‘in-sar,” starring .huncs (lag—
ney and Edward (i. double-thrill
the bill til. the Strand.

'l'hc llltv. is showing "’l‘unililc-
\tt't‘ti." starring Autllc Murphy, and
"'i‘i-rror Htrcct.“ with lion liuryca
iii the lcutiillg role

The ncst attraction at the "Iii-Iii-
\i’ul't'" \\‘ill iic litit‘t'tlt't‘ili'n "Docum-
cron Nights." with Louis Jourdan
and Joan l"olllillllt* Now playing is
Alec (lninncss in "i'hc t‘nptiiiii':.
l'urndtsc,”

At tiic ncnrby Madison. "llotany
May" with Alan [odd and "'l‘lu-
MIIZI‘” will be :.iiown tonight utid
tomorrow.

 

Gama-Stator

By HOPKINS and COOPER

RESURGAM

With the new semester well upon us. We. the above
signed procrastinators. have dug up all the old reso-
lutions designed to keep us from neglecting everything
until Mid-Sem time. We don’t really think that win
work for us, but you might try them yourself, These
resolutions run something like this: I will do an
assignments on time; if a term paper is due on the
twenty-fourth, I will not start it on the twenty-third;
I will get eight hours sleep, three balanced meals, and
fifteen minutes of vigorous physical activity every day,
We do resolve, however, to make this column the best
we can, stating our opinions on current problems.
Perhaps we’ll even buy a dictionary to keep up the
learned tradition of the column.

W ELCOME

We noted a number of new faces around this week—
a warm welcome to our new frosh. transfers, grade
and those who have returned to the fold.

 

 

R. I. P.

Wednesday night's Student Council meeting saw one
of the saddest manifestations of Student Association
apathy in recent years. A disgusted representathc
from the All-College Revue told the meeting that all
attempts to find volunteers to direct the Revue had
failed. Council members were able to produce no
ideas for the salvation of the show except to suggest
that faculty members be approached to help. This
last idea. of course, was completely out of the question.
so Council voted to cancel the Revue this year, That,
apparently, is that. Obviously the committee and
Student Council (except. perhaps the absent reprc-
sentativesi are not to blame. The blame rests squarely
on the apathy of the student body as a whole. Most
of us seem perfectly willing to watch someone clsc
work. but this marks the limit of our interest and
Work. This applies not only to All-College Revue. but
to the other extra-curricular activities as well. If wc
could feel that the extra time were spent on studies,
we would not complain. That. of course. is obviously
not the case. There has been no great rise in thc
scholastic performance. In the past. the Junior class
has always contributed the leadership for student ac-
tivities. The Juniors, after all. have the benefit oi
tWo years of college experience while they don't how-
to meet the heavy responsibilities of the Seniors. We
can't help feeling that this spirit of leadership l:~
lacking. in the present Juiilor class. Meanwhile. Wc
have no major student production this year. This is
particularly saddcning to those of its who have cnjoycd
watching and taking part in past productions.

TRAGEDY

It is to be expected that exam time will bring a
certain amount of emotional stress and strain. How-
ever, we were sorry to hear that the strain of the last
exam period seemed to cause such a large number of
drop-outs, particularly among freshmen. before it even
arrived. We are not sure. frankly. Where the solution
to this problem lies, Certainly We don't. advocate a
lowvrlng of the acadcimic standards. It would sci-m.
however. that people who are having difficulty should
be able to get experienced guidance somewhere at thc
collcgc. Often, a great deal of help can be given in
uiiperclassmen, but many trcshmcn do not come lll
close enough contact with anyone but other frcshinco
to make this help possible. This points up thc danger
inherent in having so many all-l'rcslnncn dorniitoric.~.
Yet these conditions have existed in the post. without
these tragic i't-sults. We do not think that someonc
should hold the hand of each i'rosli to gilidc him on
the path of scholarship. but neither do we like to st‘c
such a large part of the new class glv‘c up in despair
We have become quite com-crncd With this maticr. and
will discuss it again in this column as soon as wc gct
more information.

"ll" MIIHH‘ BIC ’l‘lll‘.‘ FINN) I)!“ LOVE . . ."

We hear that SUB is sponsoring u series of “List.an
ing flours" to be held in the upper iotlligc at. lira--
liaciier starting this Sunday afternoon. lioard mcmhcrz.
liiiil’ iiit' records, and you listen from the depths of an
cosy chair. See you there.

QI'I'IS'I‘IUN ()l" THE WEEK

"Which licon's list did you make?"

 

College Calendar - - -

 

I"ltll)/\\', li'l'IlIII l MUH’ 5

ﬁlth" itlisii I’lll‘iy, "litit' i)ii\\‘ll." l"Iliil'l Hittil
l"lrc llotlsc

ii'tlt) |illl

HA'I'I'II I):\ Y. |"I'IliIIl'.\li \' ti

ii‘titi |i.lll. llrubochcr ()pcn llou:.c

HI'NIIAY. l-‘Itlllil'AIH' 7

:i (it) pin Hlill "Listening lloiu:.." iiruimcin-r iiiillt'l
l.oungc

lititi pIIi Hlicilt l'crlod lit‘itlll'.

MONDAY. I’l'lllltl ':\II Y ii

iV(‘l" Minn", "‘l'iic lliiitit'll Mt'ssuuc" Ill-l
|il'|' Zi'iil

it till |i,ill

'I'I ‘I'IHIlA \'. li'I‘IIIIH‘rHi \' ii

it fit) pm All Play». i’ugc llull

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 5. 1954

PAGE 8

 

State Agency
Sponsors X-rey'
Health Program

Administration Releases
Instructions, Schedule

Next Week the x-ray program
sponsored by the State Health De-
partment will commence. They will
be held in the Faculty Room of the
cafeteria Monday through Thursday
from 9-12 am. and 1-4 pm.

If students are in class at the
time of their x-ray, they will be ex-
cused but are expected to return to
class when they are finished. It is
not necessary to remove clothing;
only metal objects in the chest area
should be removed.

Students should leave their classes
according to the following x-ray
schedule:

Monday, February 8

1—2 pm. Abbott-Berlcth
2-3 pm. Bernick—Byrne
3-4 pm. Cahill-Conway

Tuesday. li‘ebruary ll

9-10 am. Coogan-Dixon
10-11 am. Doaiie-F‘itzgibbons
11-12 a.in. Mallicrty-Griil'
1-2 pm. Griffin-Hyde
2-3 pm. Ian-ovonc—Kutas
3-4 pm. habar-Maat

Wednesday, February It)

9-10 am, Macholl-Muriha

lO-ll a.ni. N:u1t.7.-Pliillips

11-12 a.m. Piatt-Ryci'son
1-3 pm. Sat-kclt—Sniith
2-3 pm. Smitlirick-"l‘abcr
Il-il ll.lll. ’l‘occy-Vromon

’l‘liursday. l"cbrnary H
9-“) an). Wagiicr-Zylko

lti-ll a.m. Maintenance and sccrc—
toriul stuff

  

   
  
  
  
 
 
  
 

Coast novice champion
’l‘hi'cc yours lnicr the N

yourself!

'I‘csl. Hiiiolu- only (.ilillt'iﬁ ltll
.ltl tlll\"i new for yourself why

llnvot ngioo \\'lill niolc people
than any ill iii-I‘ cigolcttci

‘ " “l was 13 before I put
a skates. I‘d had dancing  ‘
lessons ntid tilts was fun!
C

In llll't't' months. i surprised cvcn
inyscli liy Winning the Pacific

Singles niiti Pairs. Thctil
joined the Ice Cnpndcs.
Skating's still fun!"

Start smoking Camels

Make the MI dov (‘nniel Mildncss

(‘nincis' cool Iniltlnoss tillIi lIt'll

A M70726“ and Flat/or
CAMELS AGREE W

 

no», a... :4. am Guild Presents

 

By CEENIE ENDEENY

In keeping with the times. we
submit the following excerpts . . .

From the Boston University
News: Student's Complaint——

Dick: “What's the hurry?"

Owen: “Just bought a textbook
and I'm trying to get to class be-
fore the next edition comes out."

From the Rutgers Observer comes
this interesting article on “How to
Take Class Notes."

Professor: When Lafayette ﬁrst
came to this country. he discovered
that America and Americans need-
ed his help.

Your Notes: Lafayette discovered
America.

Professor: . . . it is possible that
we do not completely understand
the Russian viewpoint . . .

Your Notes: The Professor is a
Communist.

Proi‘eSsor: Pages 7 through 15 are
not required. but will prove of in-
estimable worth to the student in
preparation for the exam.

Your Notes: Oinlt pages 7 through
15.

Professor: The class Friday will
be the most important of the year
since we will throw it open to a.
general discussion. Attendance Will
not be taken.

Your Notes: No class Friday.

The following bit of innocence
was garnered from the Tartan. Car-
negie Institute of Technology:

Son: Daddy. is colferdam a bad
word?

F‘athcr: No. son.

Son: Well, my teacher has a cold
and I hope she’ll cofferdtun head
oil.

Another in l g h ty malnproplsm
from the same missile:

“What's your cat's nninc?"

"lien Hur."

"How did you hit on that name?"

"Well. we called it Ben until it
had kittens."

And if you ever liiid that the
monotony of study. study. study
gets you d own. you might
tollow the ensuing lead. found
ill The liona Venture, St. Bona-
vcnturc University: Wanted—Un-
dcrstudy for human cannonball act.
Must be willing to travel.

HOW THE STARS cor STARTED...
.«ccmnaiAtT/rooci
’\

DONNA A'rwoon says: \

 

    
 
  
  
   
 
 
 
  
 

till

  
   
  
 
  
 
  

ship.
otionul

 

4. AMERICA’S NO 1"QUEEN OF THE ICE"

u STARTED SMOKING CAMELS
ABOUT owe YEARS AGO. i FIND
CAMEts' DELIGHTFUL MILONESS
AND FLAVOR sun ME ousr
RIGHT, YEAR AFTER WEAR!
YOU SHOULD TRY CAMELSi

Radio Programs
On Safety Theme

Radio Guild presented two pro-
grams lii the past weeks in coopera-
tion with the Albany Safety Council.
announces Jean Rasey '54. President.
Both shows were based on original
scrips written by Radio Associate
Tryouts and were broadcast over
station WOKO, situated in the Hotel
Wellington.

The first program was concerned
with Driver Safety. After the broad-
cast. it was put on tape and present-
ed over station WROW.

“Home Safety" was the subject of
the second show and was written by
Herbc rt Felski and Charles Crowder.
both freshmen. This program was
recorded during the broadcast and
is now available for use at other
tliiies.

The narrator for the “Home Safe-
ty" story was Charles Crowder. The
cast included Russell Hunt. Anna-
belle Persico, Emelie Sgainbatl. and
Barbara Bailey. freshmen. and Marl-
lyii Fuchs '55.

Radio Guild had their regularly
scheduled meeting last night and
worked out their second semester
agenda.

Music Organizations
List Rehearsal Times

Schedules for the Collcie Orches-
trn and Band have been rearranged
this semester. according to Professor
Charles Stokes of the Music Depart—
ineiit.

Orchestra now rchcarscs each
Tuesday at 3:35 pm, and Band rc-
hcarser Thursday at. 3:35 also. New
lllClllIJt rs will be welcomed this seni-
cstcr.

Numcrous instruments are availa-
blc for student use in these organ-
izations. Among the instruments
available arc: piccolo, oboe. clari—
net. trumpet, trombone. tuba, sousa—
phonc. violin. viola, cello and string
bass. Interested students are re—
qucstcd to inquire in the Music Of-
ficc.

  
 

,w“

Atomic Agency
Offers Grants

College seniors who are majoring
in chemistry, physics. or engineer-
ing will be eligible to apply for the
graduate fellowships being offered
by the Atoinlc Energy Commission.
The icllowslilps will be offered in
radiological physics for the 1954-55
school year.

Graduate study will be carried out
in three locations: the University
of Rochester and' Brookhaven Na-
tional Laboratory: the University of
Washington and the Hanford Works
of the AEC: and Vanderbilt Univer-
sity and the Oak Ridge National
Laboratory.

University tuition and required
fees will be paid by the Oak Ridge
Institute of Nuclear Studies. which
administers the program for the
AEC. The basic stipend will be
$1600.

Additional information may be ob-
tained from the University Relations
Division of the Oak Ridge Institute
of Nuclear Studies. P. O. Box 117.
Oak Ridge. Tennessee.

Stanford University
Plans Mexican Study

Members of the faculty of Stan-
ford University and the Universidad
Autonoina dc Guadalajara will of-
fer a bilingual summer school.
Coin-ch will be given hi Guadalajara.
Mexico. according to Juan B. Rael
of Stanford University.

Art. creative writing. folklore,
geogriphy. history. laiiguago and
litci'tilurc will be offered from June
27 to August. 7. 1954. This is the
second time this summer session will
be held.

’l‘wo hundr'd twenty-five dollars
will cover six-weeks tuition and room
and board. This is an accredited
program. statcs Mr. Rael.

Mo 'c information may be obtained
from Professor Juan B. Riicl. Box K.
Stanford University. California, by
all students who are interested.

   
   

   
   

so me PEOPL

THAN ANY OTHER CIGARETTE!

Motion Defeats
Collegiate Revue

At 5C Meeting

Committee Reveals Lack
0‘ Material, Director
In A Letter To Council

In Student Council this week
Frederick Crumb ‘54. chairman of
the All-College Revue Committee
presented a letter reporting on the
Revue, which was scheduled to be
presented April 2 and 3.

The letter revealed that only two
tentative scripts had been submit-
ted for consideration before the
deadline date, January 8, and one
was turned in a week later.

The committee stated that two
people had been appointed to act
as director. but had declined the
position for various reasons. The
members of the committee canvas-
sed chrybody who could be con-
sidered but found no one who was
able and willing. In view of this
fact. Crumb requested Student
Council to cancel the Revue.

Robert Betscha ’56 suggested that
one of the faculty members in the
English department he requested
to help. This idea was turned down
by members of Student Council
who argued that such productions
always have been and will continue
to be student undertakings.

Robert Conn '55 moved that
Council abandon all plans for the
All-College Revue this year. There
was no discussion following this
motion which was passed py a vote
of 9-3.

Crumb suggested that the mate-
rial already gathered for the Re-
we be used as part of the skits for
the Moving-Up Day program. He
also suggested that Council start
planning this spring for next year‘s
Revue. According to this plan. the
show would be cast, written and
presented before second semester
of next year.

 

 

 

 

 

      

 

   
    
   
   
 
  
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
     
    
  
    
  
 
    
    
      
   
       
 
   
 
   
 
  
     

 

 

 
 

