 

PAGE 4

STATI COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MAY 7. 1954

 

Kapner Releases Debaters Slate Council Releases I 4mm“; 4M0!“ g'News Staffs
Summer Session New Activities 7' Today 3 Agenda Extttttt tt tttttttty tnttttute Plan Meetings

New York State Intercollegiate
Legislative Assembly will meet May

insurance Plan

by Art Kapner is renewarple and meetings.
me. be extended through t e Sum-
mei‘r. The cost of this extension is Salvatore, dolegatet

~ ' rn te, So homores, who will discuss and clar
$6.89. The peiiod of coveiage will eth, alteuvshat spomd be done to standings of the above organizations

be from June 15 to September 15. discuss

promote the Welfare of the aged in and the falcultty administration as
” Gloria Mi liore and Paul to the bu ge s.
m NYS? g discuss: would not be discussed. ’
Custer Quick ‘55, representing
I made in the SYStem 0f leglsmtive Athletic Association, reported that
is progress on the establishment of
' ‘ Bialow '56, delegate, and Rita Co- the AA budget for next year

$150.00 for each accident or illness '57, Win Speak on: “What temporarily held up,
rd and changes, if any, should be made in necessary quorum of three mem-
for X- the State University of New York bers has been lacking.

Kapner will be selling policies

'm 101, on Ma Saimond Seniors, will

ihonltBszomagffdeglRoo y “What changes, if any, should be
i l I '

“Benefits up to the amount of appointments in NYS?" Phyll

will be available, under the follow- hen
ing categories: Hospitéiiobga
room, $8.00 per day; .0 h "
rays, anesthesia, _tests; surgical System?
treatment, a flat rate of $20.00 per
accident up to $150.00; Medics};5 38-
tentmn’ $300 per V15“, up to $ . ' ancellor’s Hall, located in the

injury to sound, unfilled teeth.

v Coverage is effectiv .
t is in this country or abroad. Semmler, Seniors,
attliﬁzrfits who did not have the pol- Lornrli]. Cjalbfaigh and Angela Kava-
' e ' are eli i- naug , un or ;
iii: during this paSt y m g Audrey Schmidt, freshmen.

  
   

The cigarette tested and approved by 30

ears of scientiﬁc tobacco research. ’ u
y Y 

 

TASTE and
MILDNESS

Ml 

(opynglu 1')“, boon“! a Mvm Touuu (Lo

(Continued from Page 1, Column 2)

13, 14, and 15 at the Wellington meeting- of student Board of F1-
Hotel. Thirty-nine colleges will be name,

The Student hospital'medlcal ex' represented in the congressional de- Gelbond, Financial Secretai'lymof t3:
Dense insurance coverage handled bate, discussion and committee (Boga¥6s£§3slggpgnglianﬁggsurgih of
Representing State are: Barbara SBF, is being considered. The pur-
and Phyllis TY- pose of this meeting would be to
ify the feelings and

Student Council,

Specific budgets

‘ ‘ ' - ' ber

State College speakeis are invit- appointed a pro tempore mem ,

ed to act as hostesses for the zone to ml the quorum, and enable AA

finals of the Hearst Oratory Contest budget; hearings to plaocegd: tOda

D t l attention up to $100.00 for in Oh The assembly agen a oil d my;
en a ' State Education Building; May 13. includes a, motion to rescn

State representatives include: Jo- motion magi:i last fallmgnl ggmfx‘l;

‘ '1 Mi llore. Srivia sory a5sem es, a mo
e Whethel the Anne Doyle, Glm 8 Jam Morris, Election Commission count ballots guages,
in lieu of Myskania, and consider-

Emelie Vavra and ation of the Student Tax Card

Gil ESTERFlElD
 ital/air you

of History and Art will be on dis- Members of the State College
may at the Insmme'murSday'May News and staff will meet today.
13, 5 to 9 pm, and May 14, 10 am.
to 9 pin, states Ruth E. Hutchins,
Assistant Professor of Art. The pur-
pose of this exhibit is to commem-
orate the 5th Annual Cut Tulip All staff members will meet today
Display and to compete in the A1- at noon in Room 111, Draper. Criti-
bany Tulip Festival which will be Clsms of the paper will be given by
held at the DeWitt Clinton Hotel, me Sophomore Desk Editors.
Saturday, May 15.

They will dine tomorrow and con-
vene Sunday with the new and old
Board members.

Displays will be shown on the Fouowmg the MOVmg‘UD Da'y

first floor and in the auditorium. exercises tomorrow morning. the
Exnlbitlon Classes inCIUde tilbles staff will gather for an informal
done on mvmmon Of Ehe fDltsplllﬂy luncheon. They will dine in the
Committee, arrangemens o u s f the Boulevard
in competition and horticultural Facuny Room 0

specimens. There will

unior arrangement classification ,  nd
find junior horticultural section. New and 01d bomd membe” a

also be a Cafeteria on Central Avenue.

the staff will convene at 8 pm.
Prizes worth one hundrea dOUMS Sunday in the Publications Office,
in tulip   be awarded. Brubachel.  Evelyn Ruben s55.
' ' v A ' ' ' ‘ , he new Editors
itli Owen Wallace, Piofessm Editor, Will install .t
ofECIiaatin and Lois Virginia Wii- and read the Constitution. The new
liams Instructor in Ancient Lan- board will meet briefly under the
1 attended a Teachers of chairmanship of the new Editor to
Foreign Language Conference at elect a Secretary of the Board and
Brown University, April 9th and discuss activities for the coming
10th. year.

HESTER FIELD is the

Best Cigarette Ever Made!

 

 

 

 

 

  

“Chester-Fields for Me!"

TV" Romans,

“Che‘tarﬂe'd‘ ‘9' Me I" The cigarette with a proven ggofd record
with smokers. Here is the record. Bi-monthly

vm , ,
ﬂamed W "ism examinations of a group of smokers show no

adverse effects to nose, throat and sinuses The cigarette that gives you Proof of
from smoking Chesterﬁeld.

 
   

“Chesterfield: for Me!"

Univ. of
Indiana '54

highest quality—low nicotine—the taste you
want—the mildness you want.

 

Largest Selling Cigarette

in America ’5 Colleges

  
 
  

  

   
 

 

 

s idwmg" 4d...»   . ~..~..

 

 

 

State College News at

"A.

  
  

.Irv,‘:t‘¢._ry..  
.ngzﬂﬁ'il ‘JJSM/  “in”... t t,

 

2-458

ALBANY. NEW YORK. SATURDAY, MAY 8, 1954

VOL. XXXVIII NO. 25

 

Beckwith Winner in Close Race For Presidency;
All Thirteen Members Of Myskie Reach Quota

Betscha Wins
Vice - President
Of Student Body

Niles, Duffy Victors
in SA Office Races

After a close race, Charles Beck-
with emerged victorious as Presi-
dent of Student Association. Serv-
ing with him is Robert Betscha as
Vice-President and Sara Jane Duf-
fy as Secretary.

With a total of c'ghl. hundred and
sixty—four votes cast, Beckwlth fi-
nally defeated his opponent, Joan
Carlin, by the narrow margin of
sixty votes.

In the two-way Vice-Presidential
contest, Betscha topped Smith by
two hundred and twu votes.

Sara Jane Duffy outlastcd her
:ivc opponents to cop the position
of SA Secretary. A former Stu-
dent Council rcprcscntativc, she
will now servo as secretary to the
Council.

Chosen as SA Songlcader is
Linda Niles, who almost doubled the
tally of hcr closcst competitor. Lu-
I‘rctiti D'Andrcn.

The ncwly-clcctcd mcmbcrs of
Student Board of Finance will scrvc
with tho carry-overs from this
Billll'tl. fine now Senior i‘cprcs'cittu-
live is Marilyn Spcgclc, who will
loin Mary Buliisti. Nun McEVoy,
and Frank l.o’1‘ruglio. Nick Cussc-
Hi)! and Joan DcCicco will round
'lUl. illc Junior rcprcscninLion with
Sue Burnlizu'i. and will serve for
'.\\‘o ycnrs. ’l‘hc singlc representa-
'i\'c from llic Sophomorc Class.
.~(‘l'Vill‘g', loi lwo ycni's is Mary
Knight.

‘l‘hc two new incmbcrs of Alh-
lclic. Associnllon Boni'd lll'l' ()lgn
Komnnowski and Joseph Kelly,
o‘onior and Junior. rcspcctiycly. ‘l‘hc
Board consists of two fucully mom-
'ici's :ind tlircc stndcnts. ’l‘hc lhii'd
sludcnl mcmbcr is Cusicr Quick. lhc
'nl'l'y-oycl' from last yciir‘s Board.

Kosler To Edit
[Ped/ Next Year

Ronald Koslcr  \\'lil fill ltlic
lll’icc of l!)dilor—iii-Chicl' of l'cdu-
gogue, the out-going Editor. [Cyc-
lyn Kntusnk, has i'cl’i‘nlcd. Scilloi'
Editors who will assist Ronald
Kostcr arc: Marilyn (illtlll, Lucr-
n'y ln‘dilor: Jun Kan, Pliologl'nplly
lu‘ditor; Dolol'ch' Pricc, Assistant
Photography i‘ldllol': Laura Bruno.
Art Editor: (‘nslcr Quick. Bimini-5s
.Vlnluigcr; iii-fly Millcr. Adycrlislng
.Vlnnngcr and Murgc (icnscr. 'l‘ry-
ruin iikllloi'.

'l‘hc ncw Junior Slnll incinbci's
.ii'c i‘ilt'dlllll‘ Hogan and Dolores
l’i‘lcc. Juniors. Joscphmc 'l'csiu,
Cindy Willis. liclh Bcclilcr. Nun/.1—
utn Muglhli'o, ninl l'iclcn ’l‘nyloi'
huyc liccn clcclcd lo sci'yc :lrs Soldi-
oinorc illl'illlll‘l'h' on lhc l'cdagoguc
\lnll.

Engelhardl,Krchnial<
To Lead Jr. Guides

Null Mi‘i‘lyoy ulul Ullhll‘i' Qlllclt,
Seniors uiul (‘o-(‘linll‘ilicli of lnsl
ycnr‘s .luinor (luidcs. huyc nu—
nounccd lln' niuncs oi llic ncw Jun-
lol' (lilllll'llll'll, Hum Kl'i‘llillllli und
licnlricc l‘lngclhnrdl, who w1ll lcnd
lhc (luidcs program nch ycnr

’l‘hc function of llic Junior
Uuldcs in the freshman orientation
pi'ogi‘uni in to contact prospcctlyc
freshmen during the summer and
welcome them in thc full.

 

Classes Choose
Orser, Kelleher,
Bruno Rodgers

In the class elections held last
week Marge Kellcher broke a tra-
dition by being the first girl to
become a class president in the past
6 years. She will lead the class of
’56. The Seniors will be led by
* John Orser, who will also fill seat
10 on Myskania, while Bruno
Rodgers was elected president of
the Sophomore Class.

To serve with Orser the class of
’55 elected Donna Hughes, Vice—
Presidcnt; Marge Liddell, Secre-
tary; Barbara Dcvitt. Treasurer;
Jan Katz. Cheerleader: Alice
O'Neill, Publicity Director; and Lu-
cretia D’Andrea. Songlcader.

In the elcctions for the Junior
Class officers the following were
, . ., named: Vice-President, Maurice
L'JIARSE‘I‘ZRPrgﬁlcc'Iftw'T" Bouvicr: Secretary. Jane Loman;

Treasurer, Vivmn Schiro; Publicity
Director, Carole Hughes; Songlead-
01'. Joyce 'l‘annatta: Cheerleader,
Jane Ide. The clasx of '57 has clect-

I
  cd the following: Robert Burns,

Vice-President: Carol Allen. Secre-

 

 

. tin-y: Trudy Stemmcr, Treasurer;
  Barbara Poulson, Publicity Director;
Sheila Lister. Songlcader: and Phyl-
According to Evan R. Coilillrt “RRODHLR' Chem-made!"
P_ J g ‘ I .‘ l‘om Dixon. Edward Franco, Mar-
llhl(l(.lll oi lllt College, lhc follow- “y” Gad“, and Ann Vigilante will
my. people from the Clans of 1954 will rcprnscnt the class of ‘55 ch Stu-
bc inilinlcd into Signum linudis, [he 3an (gimmi- RCPI'CSCHLHW “"3
. . . ,. unior toss arc: Theresa Barber
li)iii'ii"s-i:. - '- *' ‘  ‘ '
l o l_\ ihilislu lltlltlllll}. [lust Mm}. Brcmyi Joseph Kelly‘ and
pcoplc lllliki' up the Inst “.2 pcr ccnl Mam Weinor' MC“,me “1 Com]-
of thc lop ranking Scniors. ‘I‘hcy cil from the class of '5'] are: Sam
lill‘lli(ii‘ Bcnjomin Billion. (‘hnrli-r. ﬁtiék‘mv 1"?12’3‘91 Hgllr'lws' ank
, . . civn'. :nu )vcc avnc.
(tullcn, Doris Ilzigcn. licni'y Hull. " ‘ ‘
Jr. Aim chgnn. Richard Shapcr,

:ind Kcnnclh Smith.  Announces

Dr. Collins has rclciiscd llu- i'ol-  Offices For ’55
lowing numcs from tho Class of
1955. 'l‘hcsc pcoplc mokc up lhc AWWTHNH 1“ Milli All“ Ri‘llillb'v
M, 4 mt,- (.,.m, (,1- 1m. mmmnm the outgoing Chalrniiui. ncw offi—
Scnioi' Chins. Mill‘llyli i’il'ondbcnl, C0” “W N‘m‘w Hl‘xml'd  B‘mm
Ella Curtis. l'lclcnc (ioldn. Audrcy Chilll'm‘m; FWHR lli’yh'llb'll" 
Hmcwkl [1,”... No)“ Numy Light; Vicc-Clmirnmn: and Joan DcCicco
hnll, Virginia Norman. l.ouclln Pin- 'S‘l- S""""“”'-"- 5mm" “1““11’01'5 “1'
wk‘ All“ Rmmun' “ml Ann vI-me» cludc Philip Bartcll. 'l‘homns Dixon.
hm... hm.“ mum.” my the“. high Alice CNN“. and Edna Stundlcy.
“thuhlsmt humdmg. li‘rnnk Sunloro. 'I‘ony Scordnlo, and
Hclcn analc ni'c flu: new Junior
Anolhcr ~l pcr cent will be choscn incmbcrs. 'l‘hc Sophomore mom—
in lhc full, with lllc rcmalnlng Bbcrs arc Sheila Ltislcr. Annc Kun-
pcr ccnl to be named in the spring drnlis, Bcily Van Vluck, and Lois
of 10:35. Johnson.

Appoint Lackey Editor-ln-Chiel
Oi S.C. News For Coming Year

'l‘hc (lulu-s of lildltor—in-(‘hici' ol'
llic Hlillt' (‘ollcgc News will bc us-

 

 

(loldslcin.

Ulhcr positions will bc filled by
sumcd today by Hoimld Inckcy “on. Cmﬂm. “Harem. ~55! locum“. Edi-
l‘li'lt' Rubcn. rcitn'lng cditol‘. has nn- “H. mm Winmfd Run“ 55‘ pump.
Ilouiu'cd. lilyic will [like oycr ilu- Rommms Editor.

Managing i'l(ill()l".\ posllion. Both
hnyc complcicd n busy ycni' oi
scri'icc in thc News oi'l'icc.

As ihc rcsuli oi i'l'ccill News
lionl‘d dclilici‘nilons. Ailccn (‘och—
runc and L‘nrol Ann ltnlt luncbccn
promolcd lo Associidc lildilors. Nlnc
Soph rcporicrs have also bccn
nnmcd lo lhc stall. ’l‘licy ui'c
liruno Rogcrtt, ltichnrd Huucr.
Marsha l.u\\'l'clicc. Rosvmnry Sluu~
bcl, Rulli Robinson. Matihcw (n.—
loyl'cli. l"i'nnk Mclt'yoy, Joscpli
chn'xowski. and Rita (‘ohcn

licfiilnnig lhc post of Sports l‘Id-
ilor on llic Ncws lionrd will bc liob
Ashlicld liob has coinplclcd lwo
years of M‘l‘ylcc on lhc sporls stuff
on dcsk cdilor nnd cdlltor lloro—
Ihy Rosinusscn and Arnold Newman
have liccn ninncd as the now .lun—
ior sports incmbcrs.

'l‘hc lluslncss-Advertising dcpin'l-
nicni will bc heudcd by Fran Mon- ti:
ohiin. The position of Circulation RONALD LM‘KEY
Editor will be held by Esihcr lidilor-in-(‘hlol‘

    

Females Keep Mysltania Majority;
Five Men Tapped For Honorary

A female majority will again characterize the Senior Honorary
Society next year. The men did pick up one more member, bringing
their total to five, with eight women filling the remaining seats.

’l‘apping ceremonies began after classes had “moved up” to
ihcir new positions and participated in singing “Arm in Arm.” The
old Mysknnia filed to the second row of seats on the stage in prep-
aration for the tapping.

l’etcr Michael MCManus, chairman of the outgoing Myskania,
acted as the speaker and announced the names of the new members
of the judiciary. while Patricia Aimc Dean presented the purple and
gold lzisscls.

Sylvia Wilma Semmler and John iiatiista Allasio were the first
in lcavc the. stage and circle the auditorium twice in the traditional
step. As they paused beside hcr seal, the name of MARY ARCAN-
GELA lACAthNi'I, who will occupy scat number one, was an-
nounced. in the fall Mary will bc assistant director of Women‘s
li‘rosh Camp.

As lhc auditorium again bcczimc quici. l’rzuiccs l‘llizzibclh Allen
and Kathleen 'i‘hcrcsa ()bcrst left the stage to return with cx-SA
sccrclury, MARY LOUISE BATTIS'I‘L the second member of the
ncw Myskania. Mary will bc one of the Scnior members of the Stu-
dcul Board of i‘dlllillt’c ncxt ycur.

With two women nircndy on stage, ROBERT ALLEN SAGE
was cscorlcd lo the platform by Knihlccn Mary Anderson and Mar-
\'in Clicrnoff. 'i‘hc ncw director of Mcn’s li'rosli Camp has been
:i('li\'t‘ in Vill‘fsil)’ :md intramural sports for the past. three years.

llolorcs' Aim llonnclly and JoAnnc Allcn Doyle moved off Ilic
hillgt‘ and pi‘occcdcd slowly in the l't'lll‘ of thc zuulitorium. Coming
down the aisle, they stopped at the row in which CHARLES HENRY
lil'l('i\'\\'i'l‘I-l was sciilcd. 'l‘hc ncw prcsidcni of SA and Junior .\[1ir~
shill for lhc Senior class took his plucc as numbcr four. Chuck has
bccn lit‘liVL‘ on “(VA (‘onncil in the past.

l'lscorlcd lo Ilic slzlgc by Madclcinc .\\‘i,\ l’nync und .\l|;i.~io,
RilllliR'l‘ ‘lilh'lil’ll (‘()A.\'. llic junior class prcsidcul. bcunnc llic
fifih nu-nibcr and third man to lli‘ l:l|i|)c(l, liob was ll nicmbcr of
Sindcnl (‘ouncil during lbc past ycnr.

l’i‘occcding :iround lln- .‘Illilllul'flllll. \i-il (Hirllon brown and All».
llonnclly I‘i‘ililli‘il llu- ncw dircclor of \\'o|ncn'.\' l"ro.~h (iillnp. l)()-
LilRl‘IH MARH'I .\l()\'l‘.\l.ll;\_\'(). ’l‘lic Ibird woman to bc inppcd
:u'icd :is t'llt‘lll‘lllt'lll for .\ili\'ilics llny ibis ycnr :Ind was~ ]il‘t'.\‘l(lt‘lll of
|h\'.-\ Affiliiucs.

Miss Scnunlcr .‘lllil .\li\.\ (lbch llicu ilcsi’cndcd lo go in scorch of
Kill: A.\'.\' |.\l'l\‘ll{. who bccumc llic N‘\'I‘|lill mcmbcr. '/.oc bus
.s'crycd iwicc .‘l.\ ll'cnsui'cr of llcl' i'lzis‘s and lids bccn clccicd pl‘csidcnl of
\\'.\A for lbc ((IllllllL' ycni‘.

'l'cnsion llltllllllt'll :1.» llli‘ (illillHlt‘i‘ wulclicd .\|i.~.~ lloylc and brown
bull bcsidc ll row in llic Junior section. 'l'licn lhc nt'uuc of DONNA
i\'.-\'l‘lli.l‘ll‘i.\' lli'UlilCS ccliocd through lhc boll. [lonnu will scryc
:is yicc-prcsidcni for die Scnioi‘ class and for \\'A.\.

liming M'l'\‘('ll bcr i'lt'l» as Viccd'l'csidclil :nid ('ililill' of the
li'rcslnnan Handbook, MARY .l()A.\' (‘.>\R|.l.\' was lilt‘ ncxl female
lo bc luppcd. Shc was brought to lu-r pldcc in linc by Faith Aim
Hanson and (‘hcruoff

'l‘lu- ncw [n‘csidcnl of [he Scnior class, _]()i*iN FRANKLIN
()RSI'IR, was lbc fourth lllfliL‘ to bc Iappcd, rccciying the [chili scat,
As .'I Junior, .iililll scrycd his class as vicc~prcsidan

With only lbrcc suds rcnuiining, llic anticipation of ibc undicncc
incrcziscil 1h Mi» l’uync and Miss :\lli‘ll \\‘cul olll flilo lbc Junior scc~
lion lo find ()l.il.-\ l\'(l.\l.\.\'()\\'.\'l\'l. 'l‘lic clcycnlb 5cm \\’.'l.\ llius
ociupicd by Mfr ni-w .\.\ rcprcscnlluiyc .lllIl forincr clipluin of lin-
(‘licci'lcluli-i‘s.

'l‘hc lust woman to bc lzippcd liflcr two trips around llic nudi—
loriiun by Miss Ilonnclly .‘illil Miss Hullson wus ANN ('RIS'l‘H':
'l'illil‘li. Ann is ll iucnibcr of Signuin l..'illlll.\ .unl lln- ncw |ll'l“illt'|ii
of Pi (it‘lllllllll Mu.

Miss Andcl‘son and Allusio llicn lch llic platform Io coinplclc llic
rundle of llic ’l‘hirlccn. \Vlicn lhcy rcziclicd their destination, the
numc of RONALD A.\"l‘l‘l()l\'\’ KOS’l‘lCR was heard from the ros-
trum. Willi ncxl yciir’s l‘cdzigoguc cdiior on singc, the new Mys-
kiuiia was complete. '

       

  

  

