 

 

 

STAT! COLLIOI NEWS. FRIDAY. APRIL 9. IDBA

PAC! 4

 

Guild Pertorms Psychology Club
mm mm, For Veterans Presents Lecture

t the how I
The Dublin Players have come and plays were done without sets and Rale Guud Wm prese“ 5 on 

H'gl‘ Sahool swam“ gone. but they will long be remem- with a minimum amount of props, “Three Strike? 3"“ Y0“ ‘8 out at
bei'ed for their artistry, ammbilit)’. and yet were accepted as complete the Veterans Hospital this week. The Psychology Club presented

To Meet In Husted

ted ill b th iii? pitformances in two “Maggi: performances further attests to the La“ week the Guild entertained the the first speaker for DEG lsemester
Tomorrow Hus w e e e a emoon per orma'nce’ h w “A 100,000 Tuesda night in Bru ac ier, an-
scene of the sixth Annual Eastern Pygmalion, was a delight to the en- ability of the actors. Lavish sets yeterais‘sifvzith'rglgessmze cone$ge Stw nounceg’ Donald Howard .57, Fresh
Y 1. s 1 e Con ress sp0n_ tire audience. The familiar  were not missed 1n our envelopment 01 a . dent of the Psychology  The
Newd grime ego tern Ezone New as made even more fascinating by m the performances before us_ Each dents who participated are William Speaker was from Alcoholics Anew
as , v ‘ i ' ’ - , u ,
sore y e - tI‘Ie superior tGChnical  0f the Character was a complete person_  54,Emelia  57. Bev ymous' and he spoke ofHThe P53_

York State seience Teacners A550 gloup‘ Many 0f the lea! “aligns ality showing thorough understand- erly Sadownick and Charles Crow- chotherapy of Alcoholics.
Clam)"- Any Sindent’ regularly 9"” Egg; 1:3: ffgﬁnlgﬁsnﬁfvé‘ﬁxg ing (if the role, and the doubling-up der, freshmen. The speailtig‘ CXIJII‘itlliieddtilale orIilgin'
rolled in any public, private or paro- and gesture which the group em_ of parts did not hamper this im- h k" m Jean R358 of  wh c. was s alte y a” ew‘
chial school located within the East- d Th n m Mrs m ms, pl'esslon, Ronald lbbs, with the male At last wee s mee 1g ' y Ymk bloke, known as the hall
. . ploye ' lam“: e i n ' ﬁfth- leads in both shows, is an excellent ‘54, President, submitted her“ 1'6819- century" because he had been to
em zone may emel' 5mm; wait italwggs €21,833]: funny example of this. He is a truly fine nation. Nancy Peder '55, was select- Bellevue Hospital 50 times for E11.

. liver - ' ' ‘ P'esident pro-tem until the 1 1' H I“, - pd vim ,1
There Will be 111301“ 150 JUIllOl‘ . actor and is deserving of any and ed as r . CO 10mm. .e CO a 0m L \ a
High and Senior High students in gﬂghtonglze‘SSiETlhziosTiiqglgiggling),flit? E111 Praise that ShOUICl came his Will" l'eglllal'emcmm 0“ MOVI‘TB'UD Dal” Akron. Ohio doctor. and together

Husted with exhibits and demon- ing and lowering of the tea cups HIS portrayal 0f ‘Shadow' 111 Chl‘ls' they forlned the first Alcoholics

Science Congress
Begins Tomorrow

a... 0.. 71.. at.

. . The Guild was founded in 1947
text and [cum tianity made an excellent contrast _ ‘ . _ N A, ‘ Anonymous.
“ration-talks concerning selence Sgtllggggilseogftltildesllizrk Also the tor- t0 Phyllis Ryan's ‘Subsmnce- Miss ﬁeaglsesgfmmlggmnéngﬁémgabﬁf of “An alcoholic is a person whose
projecm' swdents givmg demon- tured tripped position of Higgins, Ryan “"‘S the Other oatsmndmg t1 work of the College and its 01.. life has become unmanageable bc-
stration-talks will do so between .1; 1m 1 e seat—bb performer of the day. To the role ie if . .t d t 1 cause of alcohol” explained the
10:30 and 12 pm. and again from 1 $188612] (Evie Wrevolotlilnl; Oxorﬁen_pro_ of Brigid she gave warmth, unqe,._ grill‘lafif‘igﬁs 2133txglgiomeipiélfelgsem Speaker. He told the audience what
pm. until 2 pin. voked laughter and 1showed the Sll—l itilll‘lqgllllgdUSSRDESLOQqanjtvgygvitﬁi; if) t “id 1 1 m Mq-w ﬁlameuniss  Liking)? 3:1?"
« - - erb techni ue of a rofesslona , I  h ‘ r . L95, 9 nescay n g . 0p m e ,  -
The-F wm Tenth”? .Tliaiffdif‘iciliglgrlf group and fiche direction? “a” Country gm COPSPmEd by. hex Knight ‘57, presented a disc jockey son finds in Alcoholics Anonymous,”
Of emlies as o UWS. d Di i i ' Simple but deep rengmus feelmgs‘ show at the Veterans' hospital. said the speaker. “is friendship. The
mediate v and Advance .vs‘ 05“- The evening play, Paul Vincent 1H5 plain to see why this role made cure is based on group therapy or
The Jumor Djvmonl ilwlludeS gldal ES 081‘1'011'5 Shadow ‘md Substancev a star of Miss Ryan, and why she is I h   ° talking things over."
7 and 8, exhibits ony. nterme a 6 gave further proof of the Dublin the major interpreter of the role on A p a EPSI on I The PS Thulogv Club is presenting
Dlvmon meludes glades 9 and 10' Players' abilities. The fact that both today's stage. i . -

bimogical and phySlcal Selence; Ad‘ ' ' ' two films Tuesday night, April 13.
vanced Divmon' grades 11 “mi 12’ Ofi'stage. these actors are all that Has Formal Initiation announced Howard.

biology, chemistry, earth science,
astronomy and physics.

 

' could be desired. Friendly, interest- Al . ,
. ' ‘ . I . pha Epsilon Phi held formal '
FreShmen To DISCUSS ed and interesting, appreciative. and initiation for Six girls Sunday and Sen'ors To 

' ' ' always Chm-mm?“ they gained the APA has cancelled their Date
The area coneges Dame“)an Course ReqUtremenTS admiration and respect of all those Party'pmnned for toniglm To Graduate school
The following students were for-

wu-I Offer partial .tmgion sclwliwl; who worked with them. Their pres-
Shlps to the Jumm 01 semm Wt All fl'EShmen, except biOIOB‘Y mal- out four began last September, and
the best demonstration-talk of 1th"? 01‘s, should plan to attend orienta— has taken them to all parts of this many mmayed into Ajay)“; Elem]- I . .
Science Congress. The three Jun 0bs tlon on Monday, April 26, at 3:30. Mummy, Arizona is, to Miss Ryan, 01, Boga“ .56_ Marilyn Chenfeld' stlld‘es ' in 't l  1."t_ n. be-
or 8.611101‘S g“,ng the beﬁt’ demon- i} 8 day we return from spring va- {he beg-inning and end of scenery. Juan Kllshner‘ Rita Cohen, Murcia b'lCIlJlT'dllllll'l it.“ .1le  l: W
Sila‘wn'WmF' regardless 0f “eld’ cation. At this time, they will be but, she, like the others. will be Meisellnan. Sheila Strongin, fresh- 19‘.“ “"1" “lino-maefd  Sir.
Will be Bllglble to 00ml)?“ in the expected to meet with the chair- happy to return to her native Ire- men' according. to Joan B012 '54, Finiton, Director of 1.1 no c l-
Third Annual State Scrence Con- man of the department in which land some May. "It will be good to president The AE‘pm pledge cup dies. ' ‘ ~ ,1“! L (1% J.
B'I‘ESS at Syracuse universny' May they plan to major. Directions will walk down the streets and say ‘how was awarded jointly to Eleanor Bo_ Applications 10cc y‘c‘c' od ate 55,-.
14-15. be given for course requirements (pl-ml (10' [0 our mends “gum. But gan .56! and Marilyn Chenfcld .57. cleodl line illlllibc‘l‘ llcce’lycmrttilon 13.;
Entry blanks for students and ad- and the“? will be a chance to “5“ I'm afraid we'll be bores talking for their participation, interest and 3:98 4351,3335“wgyﬁugd bvmen
ditional information about the Sci- cluesmns- “11 the lime ﬂbf’ut Amenmv' Stale“ activity in sorority events. in “mg! llrm‘ed g'el'viceg Wile-S Ml“
ence Congress may be obtained upon Biology majors will report directly the amiable Miss Ryan. ‘The next I “I '11 W1 1 Flimm.) . . -.
request to the Director Dr. Paul C. to Miss Scotland on Tuesday, April stop in their tour is ‘Saratoga The Date Party orlglnn y 'sciec- A l... [I I” M} be secured in
Lemon Assistant Professor of Bi- 27th. Students are advised to watch something-or-other. Is it I. . . riled by Alpha Phi Alpha for nth. m l)%l&filct:f) .31. l Cay.“qu Studies
ology. All State College students are the student Personnel Office Bul- Springs?" asks Miss'Ryml with the night has been caricclleld. Liepol 5 Dr: W 105 ‘ ‘ '
invited and urged to attend. letin Board for the meeting" place. charming Irish lilt in her voice. Richard Bailey 54, Pieslcen . (l ..

Seniors who plan to continue
the Graduate School

  
  

   

 

How a star rem“ter
got started - - -

 
 
 
    
 

a.

:- jay: ‘ -
u 5‘ n
\\

   

 
 
 
 
    
 
 
   
    
  
  

 . l'VE SMOKED CAMELS
57”! ALL oven THE

   

WORLD. FOR ME, OTHER
BRANDS JUST CAN’T EQUAL
CAMELS' woooeapur
MILDNESS, alcu FLAVOR
AND ALL-ROUND
smouwo PLEASUQE.‘

 
  
   
    

 
 
 
  
  
    
 
  

"l was born’inl 12
' - ‘h and Chinese ll. .
“drill America, I studied
LI Columbia. My

MARGUERI‘I’E HIGGINS says:
Hong Kong. Spoke only;nc
When my family rcru " an
' rnallsm at (.allfornia bi Chance ’- WM
’ou‘ 'n French got me my g “WM!
ﬂuency l cspondcnt in Europe. a“ Korm-
co” old Munich. Berlin — t crud H
BuCthYl l’iii still covering the we .

 
    

 
       
 
        
 

START SMOKINGH
CAMELS YOURSEL
‘ ‘ls for
‘ kc only (.umi. ‘
illudays—scc for yourscil:c
why Cluncl's co0:. gcnu
'l lncss and rlci.
[I‘llcki‘ltlly flavor give more
- lc more purc I
Eli-lame than any other

cigarette!

 
   
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
 

 
  
  
  
 
   
 
  
 
 
 

   
   
    
 

CAMELS LEAD
in sales by record

8%
IO

Nowosi nationwide ﬂguros‘ from
tho loading industry analyst,
Harry M. Woollen, show Cornell
now 50 8/l0°/o ahead at tho
second-place brand—biggest
preference load in history!

'l'llliilnlml 1n l‘illlli-ln' Illll, Ifil'il

  
   
   
   
 
    
  
  

  

II. J III‘)III)I|II 'I‘olillroo f‘u , \I'lunlou Hulvlli. N. (2.

AGREE WllH MORE PEOPLE

 
 

 

THAN ANY OTHER CIGARETTE i

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  

 

 

State College Nat?

  

.: )azwawl-Mwir . lnswa—Aauéé.,ULAL—b—‘;QMAAMMMW\Q

 

 ' litmus!  

     

7

THINK!
THINK!
VOTE!

 

2.458

ALBANY. NEW YORK. FRIDAY. APRIL 30. 1954

VOL. XXXVI" NO. 23

 

Sororities To

Formals This

Three Fraternities
Schedule initiation

Psi Gamma, Phi Delta and Chi
Sigma Theta are having their
formals this weekend, and several
sororities are holding their alumni
luncheons. Fraternities are plan-
ning informal and formal initiations
for their pledges this weekend.

Phi Delta will present its formal
May 1. from 9 pin. to 1 ii.lll., at
Jack's. announces Natalie Green '54,
General Chairman. Phi Delta's
alumni dinlier will be held Satur-
day afternoon at the White Swan
Restaurant, states Faith Hanson '54,
President.

Psi Gamma's formal will be held
Saturday flight from 9 pm. to 1 am.
at the Sky Rooln of Herberf's. lin-
nonnccs Sylvia Korab '55, General
Chairman of the dance. The alumni
luncheon will take place Saturday
afternoon at 2:30 pm. in the Sky
Room of Herbert's. announces Anna
Wong ‘55. A picnic will beheld Sun-
day afternoon at Thatcher Park,
announces Judith V'rmmcrstadt ‘56.

Gamma Kappa Phi's' alumni barl-
quet will be this Saturday afternoon
at 1 pm. at the DcWitt Clinton Ho-
lol. preceded by u cocktail party
of 12:30 pm.

Chi Sigma Tllctu's formal will
take place Friday night at the
Aulunm Club from 9 pin. to 1 run.
'lllCl‘L‘ will be an alumni luncheon
llL Juk‘s Restaurant at 12:30 pm.

Bela thu will have an alumni
luncheon Saturday Hi. the University
Club, announces Marjorie Liddell '55.
Licncrlil Ullllll'lll‘illl. The sonior
speaker will be Dorothea Chci'ubi
'54. Installation of the new offi-
cers will be held after the dlnncr.
Carol Sollrcmor '54, President, status
flint BZ has pledged Phyllis Rob-
erts ‘57.

Kappa Dolta's alumni luncheon
will occur Saturday at the Hldo-
Away of Cclebrlflos, Potter, APA,
and KB are holding flicil' formal
lllltlillllills fllis wockcrid.

Group Presents
Russian Movie

'lvun flro ’I‘crl‘lblo," (llroctcd by
Sol'go N. Elscnsfolli, will be pro-
.»oufod Lonlgllf by tho lllfol'nlitiolml
l"lllll Group lit ’1 pm. in Drlipor 349,
l't‘])()l‘i.~; Hulllm Wilfol'f, Pl'osldollt.

Admission to tho movio will Do
by mcmbol'sllip cord or lilo pl'loo of
fifty oollfs.

lilo film group lliln lli\'lLf‘(l Al'fliul'
l.orilllg '55 lo givo u sliol'f, mfl'o-
ffuofory flllk uboul flio fllun.

'lllo program of tho Informational
llllll group is lo bring to Static
Collogo outstanding fol'olgli films
for lilo onjoymonf. of lllnguugo mn-
jol's llllll filo goflol'ul sfudouf bouy
fl.\ w'oll,

"lvuli llll' 'l'ol'l'lblo" ls filo l'osulf
of lllf‘ work of two f'lllilolls artists.
Hol'go N. Elsolistcill ls fllo dlrocfol',
wlillo flio lilflslclil scoro is fllfmfloli
by Prokoilol.

instructor To Illustrate
Ceramics Techniques

Drumufli-s and Arts Cflllllf'il wrll
illflllnfll‘ ll Coruullos Uomofisfraifloll
lll flloll' sl-l'ios of Slilurdily llloi'lliug
workshops, Miss Lois Mll'f‘illlll '50
will giro illi' ill-liiousfl'liflou ill fllo
(llif'll‘l'llf, Sllful'dliy morning of if)
illll. Miss Mll‘f‘llllli liars lmlf lf'f'll-
Illf'lll ulsfrilclloll llml osporlom-o
Willlf' liftoildmc, Vllli‘f'llllflll lusti-
fufo, l“lll'lllll|l.‘,(lllll' A wild '1', null
Hum llousfoli lllsfifufo of 'l‘ocll~
lllllfil.‘,_\’

All sludollfs ul'o pi'olllpfoff in of-
lomi fills domonsfration. which will
giro filo blislo instruction for l
f'f'l'lillllf'h’ pl'ogi'ulil fllilf Will bo cur—
I'll‘fl on uoxf your

Sponsor

Weekend

SA To Choose New Leaders

 

Venl, Vldl,
VIC!

Who's who? Who wants whom
for what and why? Who‘s run-
ning when for which office?

This Election Rally Wednes-
day evening answered the owls'
questions. Candidates gathered
in the Game Room of the Union
to present their views to in-
terested members oi' Student
Association and support their
platforms.

The well-planned program of
Election Commission was en—
tirely unrchearsed and spon-
taneous, featuring off- and on-
ilio-cuff speeches. Self-appoint-
od campaign managers added
qualification to political stands.

Select chair-sitters and haml-
picked cheering sections assured
the social gathering of interest
in the future leaders of our gov-
crnmcnt.

Will there be it larger chorus
of Who’s in Assombly‘.‘

 

Mock Senate

To Include State

The fourth llllllllill New York
State Intercollegiate Mock Solmfc
will be held in the Assembly Cham-
bers of the State Capitol zit Albany,
May 7, 8, and 9. If is :1 model
legislative session. which is organ-
ized by and participated in by col-
lege sfudcnfs.

A Sfocl'ing Committee composed
of toll colleges mnsz all plans for
this annual function. Chairman of
Steering Committee is Mary Dc-
llincy, Collogc of Saint Rose; vice-
clrzllrmllrl is Paul Sirimond '54, Sfato
'l‘oacllcrs Collcgc. Albany,

Otlicl' collogcs which will zlftolid
arc: Harpur. Nazaroth. Rosary, Hill.
Potsdam Stzifc. Buffalo Sflltc. Os-
w'ogo Sflitc. Russell Sllgc, Renssoluol'
Polytechnic Insfitllfo, Sloml, Orango
County. Sarlili Llfwrcncc. Vassar,
Mill'ymourit, Sliirit Josoph's, Ford-
lmm. Hofsfrll. Long Island Adz'l‘.
Brooklyn. Albuny Law School, and
Albany Business College.

Coulinittcc Will'k llllCl doblito of
bills comprlso Llio g‘l‘clltost portion
of tho session. 'l‘hc subjocf lmiffor
of bills illfl'oduocd is uurostl‘lctod.
Modified Semito pl'oooduro, as bust-(f
on Clark's Manual, is obscr'vcd.

Attolidlilloo is open to ill] oollogos
lll Now York Siillt‘. A lmlslmum
dologllfloll consists of four soillltol's
and four :fltcf'nufos; llf)\\'f'Vf'l', fills
uumbol- may vary.

At Annual Elections Today

 

 

JOAN CARLIN

cﬁéutcal He... 

Two Amendments Cottee Hour

In Student Council chncsduy
pig-hf, reports were hoard. Consti-
tutional limondments for Stiitc Col-
log'c News and Athletic Association
wol‘o discussed. and the agenda for
fodlly‘s Assombly was passed.

Cllkll‘lCS Bockw'ltll '55 roporfod for
Studcnt Board of Finance that the
colltrlicls for various organizations
such lh‘ NI'WS and l'rimcr will be
ohockcd by the Board.

The Trophy Casc Committee rc—
pol'f.cd that the possibility of ii glass
ozlsc is now being considered.

Noll Brown '54, President. broughf
up flic question of whether winners
of Varsity lottors should or should
nof bo cllgl'blc for momborsliip on
Aflllofic Association Board. Accord-
ing to fire prosmlf. Consfitution, they
lll'o flol.

All luncndmcllt lo Llio State (Jol-
lcgc News constitution was proposed
by Evolyn Ruben '55, Editor. Ac-
cording to fills llmcndmollt. tlio
Editor-ill-Chicf, Business Manager
and Circulation Editor will be olecf-
od from tho Jllnlor Editors Cilcll
January. illlCl take office tho first
wook of filo sooond scmostcl'. Tho
utiu'ndlnonf wars pnsscd, having pro-
vlouxly boon pussod by tho Nows
Board.

lllcllldod in tho Assembly llgolldll
zll'o flio olootioli of Lllf‘ Collogo
Qllooll for if Diiy, Allllollncomouts,
llll oxpllllmmoll of tho .lll‘llf‘f‘dlll’f' for
bulloflug. llild voflng,

Colortully Dressed Stotesmen
To Move Up To New Classes

Hy (‘AltfiL ANN Lillf'l‘

“Pllf on your old purplo bolulot
wifll fllo gold loffol's on if“ illl(l
movo up with your olllssllllifos m-xf
Suful'dzly

l.lllos of ullllol'lilly uflll'od climb—
ol's will form ill 0 am. ill Ul'illif‘l‘
bofol'o tlloll' long lmu'oll up lo Pogo
and llll‘ iloxf class. Wlllll‘ spluslloll
\\‘llll oluss colors and boumos will
(llsflligulsll luulol'ollissmoll from tho
Sololllil Soulol's Ill llif‘ll‘ clips and
gowns.

l"l'fl.‘1ll girls will pl'osolif ll sfuliy
m wlufo blousos limi skills or dross
illlfl socks with l‘f‘il lmu' ribbons;
boys in flill'k pilllfs. w'lllfo slill‘f, flll(l
rod bow lllsfolui of .1 Ho Hopll
Sllflys \\‘lll \\'f'i|l' w'lilfo skirts. yollow
blouscs fll' swollfoi's, :wu'lis, filo boys,
\ylllfo slill'fs. fllll'k pillifs All Hopllo-
illol'os llllfl ll'oslmlou fil’linll girls
f'.\'f'lll(lf'fli umsf f‘llf‘ll'i'lf' illf'll' curls
wlfli llll'll' boulllos
'l'llls your's silol'folloil cololllolllos

will lf'llllll‘f' clliss spolikol's ll vor—
(llllll f'roslilllun, it guy young Sopho—
moro. n Jolly Junior llllfi ll Grand
Old Hofllol', Now Club and “(film'-
:ll'y lllf‘lilllf‘l'h' lllld ()fflcol‘s will flloll
ho :lilllolulood. Mysklmlll '54 will
fllcll ofrclo tho oxpoofllllf. Juniors
m llll' ’l‘rmll’flomil flipping of tho
'55 Myslllo. Now SA ()fflcol‘s will
lllf'll :lsslmlo llll'll' llow jobs,

(floss Numol‘llls will bo formod oll
Pogo l"lf'l(l lls fllo Solllol‘s will lll-
alugul'ufo fllo lfll‘ll of' pllfufuic ll ll‘f'f'
I'lllllf‘l' lliilll ivy. All liflol'llooll bllso-
bull lllimo w'lfli l’ofsdllm ill flio
liloocllol' Silillillln ill. 2 pm. will bo
lollowoll by ll oolfol‘

“'l‘llo (ll'uss is Always (il‘oollol‘,"
an from full! :1 lmll slllf. will silil'f
flio f‘\’f'lll|ll.‘, program ill 7:30 pm. lll
l’ullo 'l‘lio il'ilfilllfilllll slug by filo
lulli' clllssol. will follow on filo sfops
of lll‘llpol'. ’l‘lloll will bogfll lllf‘ ooll~
fllslou of "l’lu now :1 Junior, bllf
sflll ll Sopllollloro."

   

Moving-up Day
Will Reveal
Student Choice

Elections for all Student Associa-
tion and Class officers will be held
in Assembly today. Below is a list
of major candidates. The platforms
of the candidates for SA President
are to be found on page 2; Vice
President and Secretary are printed
on page 3.

Running for President of SA are
Charles Bcckwi'th and Joan Carlin;
candidates for Vice President are
Robert Betschu lmd Sigmund Smith.
Those seeking the office of Secre-
tary lire Marie Clirbonc, Sara Jane
Duffy, Patricia Hall, Jo-Ann Kaz-
mcrcik. Joan Van Duscn, and Betty
Vim Vlack.

  

CHARLES BECKWITII

The candidates for Student As-
  sociation Songloader are Lucretia
D‘Androa. Sarli Hoyt. Linda Niles,

and Elaine Sw'artouf.

Candidates for student Board of
Financc are as follows: from the
class of 1955, Marilyn Gadd and
Marilyn Spcgolc; from the class of
1956, Nicholas Cusscvoy. Joan De
Cicco, Barry Dclllifiora, John Flan-
agan, Charles McHal'g', Dolores
Price. Barbara Salvatore, Bruce
Wise; from the class of 1957, Paul

Coffee, foil, cookies, and soda for Bel'tun. Mﬂl'ilyli Clleliiield. Dom-
fuculfy children will bo sol'vcd, Sfu— illit'k Di‘ C9000, MUI'LOH HESS. Aim
ricnt pianists will provide buck— Kaimmcl', Molly Knight.
ground music during illi' Coff‘oc

mm Running for President of the Class

V I r M of 1055 is John Orscr. The -

A1160 CNN“ 53 “lid Bl‘lll‘ V1111 (ll(llll(‘ for file officc of Vice FEES?-
Vlile '57 Mo Cir-Cililil'llll‘ll of fills (ll-"l l5 Donn“ Huglws 1
event. '

Sfudcnt Union Board has schcd-
filed a coffee hour. Sunday, from
2 lo 5 pin, in tho Lower Lounge
of Brubllclior. All faculty and stu—
dents lil'o invited. Tho purpose of this
coffoc hour is fo fllrfhor sfudcnf-
fliculfy rolllfioiis.

, , ., "'l’l1."""
C(i-Cllilll’lllf'll of fllc lllVlfllrons t“51:11::lgglilqlrtﬁS .13} llgtgmfmt 0f
Committee are Edmi Sflilldlcy '55 M.”.jm‘.j‘({ Kelli; 1.11.1 g. ,ummml'
and Annc Kundrufl‘s ‘57. Mfll'V Aim ‘ . - “1' [we ng’
Hopko ‘54 is in ohlll'go oi"- food Pom chmc' mm Edward ROCk-
 's‘l'o.   
Joan Dc Cicco 5f) lllld Hololi Niitlilo .1 h Mnullw Bmwlu' Mmgﬂ-let
'56 “W Pumicm Chumnm Coogllll, Mary Juno Fischer, Elaine
~ ‘ Swlll'fouf, lll1(l Juno Wliitcllul'st are
' _ _ running for Vii-o President.
Candidates WI” File
Office Preferences wonltoborf Bloomol‘. Bruno Rodgers,
I . y , l llllll Smith. Josoil I" ‘ ‘
l‘ho following :lllllUllllf‘f‘llil‘ilL for “ml Jose‘bh Taggers 
MySklllllfi ill l'oforcnco fo \‘(llillg has “(.0 Isl-“shun” “,1. Jam”, Andeison
bccn rclcuscd by Potor MoMzimls ‘54. Rum.” BumH CHI-[Um Dwis ,md'
Sinco fllc profcl'onflul syxlcm w'lis Rundlill Dudley.
osfublislicd for lmfltiplo olootlolls
Myskaillli illfol'profs fluff. in all ‘
olocflons wliol'o only olio oullliidliio  d t T F l
is running flmf c.1lulldufo lmlsf. u  s o I e
l'oilcll filo qilofll, ’l‘hol'of'oro w'o wisll . .
fo l'otm'llfl \’filf.‘l's flmf. :i bllulk l)flllfli s 
llldiolifos ll liogllflvo Voto.  
> McMunus rollilmln fill olllldldllfos [if-slflolll'l' Hulls prcfcl‘oilco forms
for [Wu offloos lllill flloy musf. lmvo for lloxf your lmvo boon soul to kill
illf‘il' pl‘i'ii'l'f'llf‘l‘h llluldotl ill by 01- group liousos and should be corri-
(lily “l, 3:30 pm. Pl-olol-olloos should plcfoll lmd l'f‘llll‘llf‘d fo the Student
bo luuldod fo McMuiuls ol' pllf lll Pol'soullol ()l'fioo by May 7. All
filo Myskurllu llllllll)le.l 'l’lloy ill'l‘ ofhol' sfudoilfs. \\‘llf‘lllf‘l' fllcy pllill
urgofl lo chock tho Acflviflos Clllssl- l,“ lmf of home. in u pl-lvulc 1-951-
ilcfllJOll OilleI list ifillll(l (ill |)ile' 4. (lonpo or ll] ll collopo residence hull,
proﬁldcms (,l' “11 “mnmmllmm m».- slloulil colllplofo ll pl'ofol'oiloo form
fo blind lll lllf' slllfos of off'foos and In tho Sillfll‘ulv Pol‘soimol Offico lm~
boards for uoxf your by l"l'llllly lli lllodlufoly,
3:30 pm.

Tho candidates for tho office of
President of the Sophomore Class

Asslgullloufs fo roslflolloo lilills
, _ will bo oonsldoroll as binding only
Art Exhibit Includes wlion :i oolifl'ucf has boon signed
' . iill(l wllou ll room (loposlf. lms bocu

Student Paintings

motlo or fl'ullslorl'od. Drivid Hill't-
loy. l)o.fn of Moll. l'f‘liflf‘S that re-
Tm. wurk (,1 H“. “mm”, m H“. funds on room floposlfs will bo
Al'f -l flll(l il clllssos in drawing umi "WW "1113' 1‘ “"“W “l “it"“l'lml
plunflllg ls |l(l\\' bolng shown on lllf' W" l" """ul’l' i'v‘NIHHL'd "Wm 1“
sooomi floor blllloflu boards of """"“"“l l)"1”""A“i«'”-“‘t la
l)l'l||)f'l'. llluloulloos liufll l1), l-lufoll-
ms. (‘lmll'mlul of filo Arf l)oplil'f—
lllollf.

All sfmfoms :lro roimildod flmf
illoy may livo only ill approvod
H rosidolloos and may olnlng‘o rosi-

“H‘ Milli)” “'1” “Ml-“NW “H'f’u‘n’ll donco during fllo collogo your only
Mffl‘ 1-3- wifll lllo prior wrlffoil upprovul (if

l'lll‘l of filo oxhiblt fouful'os polloll fllo Sfudouf I’i‘l'sulllii'l Office. A
pill‘ll‘flll sliofl'llos‘ by fllo sfllflolifs. llsf ol lippi'ovod rooms off-cluupus
Sumo sflll blow in pusfols fll‘f‘ ills-o Will bo llvullublc lll tlio Student
on display. Porsomiol ()fi'fco uf'tor September 1.

. ., _,.J._‘..,,,V,,§&.., . H. mm,“ “a . w

“NWHWW - .4._Mm.~kmmmul.w- ‘ ' .

 

hr:

