,‘eaae e

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. DECEMBER "IO. 1954

 

'Smiles' Urges Students To Donate D&A Sponsors I decide, 4W4 [Sigma Phi Sigma
Christmas Presents For Children Last Readings

SMILES urges the student body to support their Christmas Party
which will be held Wednesday at the Albany Home for Children. The
Baby Cottage will be the scene of the ﬁrst party for the younger chil-
dren from four to ﬁve in the afternoon. The second party for older
children is scheduled for 7 to 9 pm. Elaine Swartout ’56, President of
SMILES requests that the student body support this party through their
contribution of gifts which are to be placed in the SMILES boxes in
Lower Draper Peristyle through Monday afternoon. Suggested gifts are

on the class bulletin boards and in
the Co-op. All students who wish
to help in making this party a suc-
cess should contact Marilyn Chen-
field '57, Chairman of the Christ-
mas party, through student mall.

Seniors with surnames A-K are
to contribute gifts for boys. ages 14-
16 and those Seniors with surnames
L-Z are to contribute gifts for girls
between the ages of 14 and 16. Jun-
iors with last names A-K are to
buy gifts for boys 11-13 and those
with last names L-Z are to buy
gifts for boys 14-16.

Members of the Sophomore class
with last names beginning with let-
ters A-K inclusive are to give gifts

' for girls 11-13. Sophomores with
last names L-Z are to buy gifts for
boys between the ages of 7 and 10.
Freshmen with last names A-K are
to buy presents for girls between
the ages of three and ten and those
with surnames L-Z are to buy gifts
for boys. aged four to eight.

Refreshments, entertainment and
a Santa Claus will be provided for
the party by Smiles. Myron Clem-
ent, Grad. will act as Santa Claus
for the parties. Rehearsal of enter-
tainment will be Monday afternoon
at three in Richardson 20.

Tau Kappa Alpha
Will Induct Six

Six State College debaters will be
initiated into Tau Kappa Alpha.
National Honorary Forsenic Society,
Wednesday. The initiation will take
place at Brubacher Hall at 5 pm.
according to Paul Saimond. Grad,
President.

Candidates were selected by the
outstanding work in debate activi-
ties. Phyllis Bialow '56. who has two
years of debating, is President of
Debate Council. Last April. Miss
Bialow was Chairman of the annual
Legislative Assembly held at the
Capitol for 26 New York State Col-
leges. Phyllis Lyeth ’56. on the win-
ning team at Dartmouth and Uni-
versity of Vermont debate tourneys.
has been on debate and discussion
for two seasons. Last spring. she was
the delegate from State to the Leg-
islative Assembly. Delegate to Legis-
lative Assembly last spring, Barbara

. alvatore '56 is a member of De-
bate Council. She was also included
on the winning Dartmouth tourney
team. East Coast winner of second
place in extemporaneous speaking
and third place winner in progressive
discussion is Richard Clifford ‘57.
Treasurer of Debate Council. Rita
Cohen '57 is a member of the De-
bate Council and has two years of

' debating to her credit. Miss Cohen
was the delegate to the Legislative
Assemb‘y last spring. Another De-
bate Council member is Emilie Vav-
re. '57, wno has also debated for two
seasons. Last spring she was the
delegate to the East Coast discus-
sion and debate tourney at New
York University.

Library Annountes
Christmas Schedules

Library hours before and after the
Christmas vacation period have
been announced by Elizabeth Cobb,
College Librarian. The library will
close at 1 pm. next Friday and Will
reopen at 8 am. Monday. January 3.

Overnight books may be borrowed
on or after Thursday and will be
due January 3. Reserved books may
be borrowed after Thursday at 4:25.

The line on a i‘csei'vo book. due
at 9:10 am. Monday. January 3 is
twenty-five cents for the first hour.

or fraction thereof, that it is over-
due. and five cents for each succeed-
ing hour. up to u iniiximuiii of

sixty cents for the first day. For
each succeeding day an additional
twenty-five cents is (:linrgui up to
the purchase price oi ti e book.
The library is currently featuring
an exhibit of part of n roller-lion
of Christmas seals winch belong to
John Sturm. Assistant Professor of

a

 

Business Honorary

Initiates Members

Pi Omega Pi, a National Hon-
orary Society in Business Edu-
cation. initiated new members at
their last meeting. releases William
Behunia: '56, Vice-President.

New members are: Barbara De-
vltt. Marilyn Fuchs, June Palmer.
Robert Sage, Seniors. Also, the fol-
lowing Juniors have been initiated:
Robert Betscha. John Flanagan, Es-
ther Goidstein. Jane Loman, Joan
Mooney, Paul Polito. Delores Price,
Vivian Schiro, Gay Scoville, Wil-
iiam Shipengrover, Sheila Stanger,
Audrey Teal, Archie Westmilier,
Jane Whitehurst, and Patricia Wil-
son.

The class in oral interpretation,
directed by Agnes E. Futterer and
sponsored by Dramatics and Arts
Affiliates, will present a Christmas
program at 8 pm. Tuesday, Decem-
ber 14 in Draper 349.

The highlight of the program will
be the Christmas sermon from T.
S. Eliot's “Murder in the Cathe-
dral." This will include a choral
reading by Thomas Smith, Anneliese
Hartnagel, Maxine Adner and
Marie Devine. Juniors; Ralph Ad-
ams ’55; Marilyn Darzano, Mary
Jones and Marjorie Schwartz.
freshmen. To add to the Christmas
mood. a group of carols will be sung
by Steve Serniak ’55: Elaine Swart-
boat and Carol Sanders. Juniors;
Peter Booke and Richard Erbacher,
Sophomores; and Roger Hunt ‘58.
The reading is under the direction
of Ruben Garcia ’55 and the carol-
ers will be accompanied by Esther
Tucker ’56.

Other selections wil be read by
Jean Hageny, Helen Stubbs. Bar-
bara Salvatore and Virginia Karl,
Juniors; and Jean Morris and Wil-
bur Green. Seniors.

Elizabeth Cobb. the college li-
brarian recently attended a meet-
ing of the Eastern College Librari—
ans at Columbia University. The
theme of the conference was Library
—Instructionai Integration at the
College and University Level.

Minnie B. Scotland. Professor of
Biology has attended the Annual
Meeting of the New York Academy
of Sciences in New York City.

Robert Rienow, Professor of P0-
litical Science has recently returned
from the animal convention of the
National Council for the Social
Studies at Indianapolis. Indiana.

Donald J. Muikerne. Assist-
ant Professor of Commerce. has
written an article titled "Economic
Geography Begins at Home Sweet
Home." Mulkerne recently spoke to
a group of typewriting' teachers at
a conference which was held at
the Christian Brothers Academy.

Replaces AE Phi

In compliance with the proclama-
tion issued by the State University
of New York that all national soror-
ities and fraternities be banned from
New York State Colleges for Teach-
ers’ campuses, the Albany Chapter
of Alpha Epsilon Phi has become
local. They have chosen a new
name. Sigma Phi Sigma. reports
Marilyn Werbolowsky ‘55, President.

Sigma Phi Sigma will retain its
present officers and ritual. A new
Constitut.on is nearing completion.
states Miss Werbolowsky.

The State University banned na-
tional groups due to discrimination
clauses in many of the Constitu-
tions. AEPhi’s Constitution contain-
ed no such clause. But as a national
group they had to fellow the ruling.

Although the deadline for the dis-
banning of national sororities and
fraternities was set for 1958, AEPhi
decided to take immediate action.
In so doing. AEPhi as Sigma. Phi
Sigma will remain a functioning
group on campus. Its members from
the Class of 1958 will graduate as
members of an active sorority.

 

 

CHE

 

 

hi the Stocking- I
under the Tree _. .

‘8‘

The Most Popular
2-Way Cigarette
( Raga/(Ir & King 8/36)
for (every 5/1/0117 01/ your ﬁst!
“HOME FOR CllRlS'l‘MAS"—-Cift package
of the season—colorfnl—;ittr:icii\'c—dcsigncd hy
the famous artist, Stcvnn Dohunos. Remember

illl your smokng friends \\ lili the gift that really
siitislit's—Clicsicrlicltls. Best to give—best to smoke.

  Hap... Honda. ~

 

 

 

