 

 

’mol‘av

ITA'I'I COLLIER NIWI. FRIDAY; AIPRIL 30. 1954 .

Activities Classification 'News' To Elect a“ 0n 7/“ 4%

Students who are running for Ail-College Review: 3 H
Organizing Committee Member   y By JOHN LAING

more than one office have to in-
dicate the‘lr preference, all? plaee All-State Day Chairman
sue pre erence informa on 11 Campus Chest Chairman An amendment to the State Col- Weii new that, vaeaii '
I . 0115 over. hobby and is one that
Election Commission Member lele News COHBlthlOn has lilac“ we're heading down the home some really beautiful thigggscasllngg
after practice. Lois has

Myskanla’s mailbox. in lOWer
Draper, or give it to Peter McMan- Inter-Group Council B oard passed by the New board and Stu- stretch in drainath actlvlllesI as made

 

us, Chairman, today by 3:30 pm. Member dent Council. The amendment pro- .
Candidates are also requested to Men’s Athletic Association: vides for the election of the  ainhinnmerie‘ivh“.iiik°sf ﬁglile‘i: $323353... CSl‘HX‘lfs “El farmlngdme
check the stipulations in the SA Vice-President Editor-in-Chief, Business-Advertis- great deal of entertainment and woes and .31 S 2? chimed 3"“
Constitution regarding the holding Secretary ing Manager. Circulation Editor, other (heme imppellilles mound the ol- Techno‘llogymgo (l’yslggullgstggggf
0‘ Ofﬁce“. Treasurer and 5550018“? Editors lh January~ campus. This Friday, at 7 pm. the that we are all in for a treat come

Press Bureau Assistant Director These officers will then assume Intel-national piim Group is me. Saturday morning

(“tour 1 (Hold 1 here and no state Fair Chairman their new positions the fh‘Sl’I Week senting another ill its excellent you in h h d ti
ay ave ear rumors lat

others) Women's Athletic Association' of second semester and carr
. y -i ‘ .
gmpgeﬁgmsslon Chairman Vice-President through until the following Janu- $31138: gafﬁinlﬂlﬂ‘ﬁie$52533  Saghagggls to he made hi the Ad-
mamtlcs and Arts Come“:  my. Eisenstein and with a musical score ye..er We.‘.’j".‘.‘§.iecg..§‘;l‘.§emg3; 
Business- by PrOkOﬂel' This Shomd prove to to additional courses that she will

President The Editor-ln-Chief,

Advertising Manager, and Circula-

be a worthwhile evening of great he mnelllll
I g next year, Miss Futterer
tion Editor will be chosen from the mm eme‘mmment- will no longer be directing the

Music Council President

Pedagogue: a a
Editor_m.0hlef  |  b Junior Associate Editing The new This Saturday morning at 10. course. In her place will be Dr
State College News: 8  u ’ Associate Editors win be chosen D&A Council is presenting another Pettit. already proved to be an ex;
Editormnohief from Sophomore Desk Editors This in their series of workshops. Lois trcmely capable director. The course

amendment, was passed seven to one Mfreault will give a demonstration will be offered for only second
by the News Board and unanimous- of ceramics works in the cafeteria. semester next year, with the usual
iy by student Councii Wednesday This is becoming a very popular Spring Play, since a new assistant

Associate Editor
Student Association:

Announce Plans

 

President The ren v .
gious clubs rostel includes .
gégegi’arxeysident annual electlon of offlcersI a meet_ evening. ill thebdframa department is neces-
. . r ' - - -
lngI and a demonstlatlonI PIIevIoustI these new sa y e cic full scale ploductlon

I officers can be resumed. Dr '

GROUP 11 (Hold 1 herei 8.111% 1 in student Chrlstlan Assoclablon wlll have been elected in the Spring  00» Md 3464649! conduct his class lll' gigglltglll;

IV or hold 1 here and 1 n I) hold a meetlng Tuesday evening at and assumed their positioninn Sep~ i Dramatics during the first semes-
All-0011988 RBVleW Direcml 7:30I The program will center telnber. The new system Will have ' gel as Usth
Athletic Assocmuon Chairman around the topic “What About the Editors serve only one semesm" Miss F'utteler has been teachin'
Class Vice-Presidents Somrltles and Fraternities?" whlch in their Senior year, which will 31- the present course for many year-5g
Commuters Club President Wlll be developed by a panel dls_ low them second semester to con- The following excerpt from the having inaugurated it in the colic
Debate Council President cusslonI announced Thomas Dixon centrate on academic pursuits. Michigan Tech Compass should be program around 1919 Tile coul'lge
glection fCCEi’n‘lllifgllSslosl'l Chairman .55 PresldentI Dlxon states that read with deep expression and a was comnieteiy designed by Mlss
Hgﬁglnéesl‘femcs pea er at the State Christian Movement bﬂCkgi‘ound of sweet musw. . . Futterer, and to her we owe it great
mt G C H on lrm n ExecutiVe Committee meeting Jane  What Is a College Boy? debt for all the dramatic activi-

er' mup mm" a a Santer ’55 was elected one of the

Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship delegates for New York State to the __

 

By CEENIE ENDRENY

 

Between the seniiity of second ties We DOSsBSS iii Shiite today. The
childhood and the light-hearted course was among the first. if not

 

President . . .. .
I I National Student Council of YMCA lethalgy of teens. we fllld a loath- the first. one to offer credit ‘ '
MePrIlIessnﬁaigitletic Association. and YWCAI MlSS Santer Wlll 8Ils0 April M 1954 some creature called :1 college boy. drama in a college CUl'l'lCLllllgll.
Newman Club Presldem be Chairman of the SCM Spring To The Editor: IICOIIegeI boys come in assorted Needless to say. AD is uniqlie among
Pedagogue, Conference next year. This year’s I sizes. weights, and states of sobri- courses Offered in the colleges of

- conference was heid in AihanyI Stildenl ASSOClﬁllOli has “05 ety; but all the college boys have the State. In the future, “Futt”

Photography Editor
Press Bureau Director
Primer:

Editor-in-Chlef

Literary Editor
Radio Guild President
State College News:

Business Editor

 

 

shown itself well in its latest under- the some creed- To do nothin- will devote her t‘ '
I I I I r v . g ‘ ilnc t - ' .
Elections for next years officers taking. As is known. a script and every second of every minute of interpretation in which) sclgdlISEZell:
of Canterbury Club Will conclude directors were picked for the Mov- every day and to protest with shout-  all know if. they have cverview=d
today at 12:30 p.m.,Istates Kathryn ing-UD Day Show and Plans Seemed ing itheir only weapon) when their 1101‘ iii Performance ‘ L
Johnston '55, Presxdent pro-tem- well under way. However, now that last minute is finished and the -
pore. Members who have not yet rehearsals have begun, cast rlnem- adult male packs them ell- lo the
voted are urged to stop at the booth bers have not been showing up. How the em )10 " . . ., .
I I 1 yinellt office 01 the (bait e
I I in lower Husted between 12 and are the directors supposed to put board. “3mm
Sophomore Desk Editoi 12:30 today. on a show if the majority of cast Colle, l) ,
Sports Editor members refuse to show up? There he oys "6 found even”
student Christmn Assoclnblon: Canterbury Club will hold a Is a small group of hard—working where—breaking train windows. She's here!!! ANN BLY’I‘H ill
president inflicting MoInday noon in Room eager kids wh0 have fallhlulll’,’ :fgtrslng'ogovg: goal DobstsI. instituting the title role of Rose Marie which
Student Council Member I w en eectlon results will be I I I I I I . mpmg ai. Mothers opelled Wedncsda it t ' .
student Board of Flnance Membel. announced for the commg yeah aim;  Ilehggiiiﬁzsigﬂd  Lego IItIlrlIem.I littleI girls love them, HOWARD KEEL yond FERNIA‘NEDCO
Student Union Board Chalmmn I I I 2 s ove lem. middle-sized LAMAS are ' -.' l  i " ‘
womenIs Athletic Associatlom Tomorrow aftel-noon' Newma l fOIltuhIalelyvsfheWCkIllds 319 m dme girls love them. and Satan protects BLYTH R02:  ling-lull} 
Club will march in the Annual May mnol ty' ate 0 ege want’e a mom  . ‘ l " a w l5 “'6 In.“
Presmem’ Day Parade staged by the Albany Showmg 0“ MOVlhg'UP Day lomke A colleue boy is laziness with l-nusmdl pen??? 111mm m Clnemu-
  l2 here or 1 here and 1 DimeseI The purpose of  parade, ﬁle  0f   RCVIktlf' lJE‘dCh fuzz On his face, [Kilo-CV Wit/h  Iiiilotl'unled   alld ls
m H or l here and 2 lll IV, which wiii commence with the say. 0W 155 up I “I 9 990139 “ " lanolin on his hair. and the hope Anothe: W'Il D‘ i i "
I ~ ,. f m R S ., . . showed up fOl tlyouts to show up of Lh l . r . , . .1 “.L 15”” L‘ue'llle‘dd'
Athletic Association Member mg 0 e o my in fiont of the f I II I 1 I I t d III d e utiilc With an oveldiawn venture is co-billed witl R :- M: 'i
Campus Commission Member State Capitol. is to pray for world 0‘ “Hem” 5‘ “mm “H e” a” bank account. Y0 - - 1‘ ' via 03" Am.
why people Lumed out for tryout l.e_ A c0118 6 I) I II I I I I u ale given an insight into the
g 05 is a composue—hc king of nature‘s most mysterious

Class; Beace and to honor the Blessed hearsals if they did not plan to
- - ir ill. Since th . . has ti x- ' v . ~ , . ,, .
II SGCletﬂIlY M 31 Y 15 1‘ alSOI Illhe further partwllmleI Fm. the sake [I I19 eIInILI‘gyI 0‘ IRllJ Viiii Wlilklt. swamp. Prowlers oi the Everglades.
Treasmer ar an ear, the demonstration f m e )l l h w rk d I 19 S ylltss of MI. Macawbcr. the released by RKo ie (riva . is
o e p 01 e Wlo ave o e so pmctlcallty ol Don QIIIXIIIIII . . r. .1 an ex ltl,

vﬁryv hIatrd anlg :0 faithfullfy tan the illumination of BI“ SykeI [he  plisli by use of technicolor.
:ooha'vle goalies? liflylllntl’ilelgilt‘i‘hel gftléélscllfngllrgZlillitdmivllze alpimmns m) a few Winters by “This BOB
days that are left before Movlllg_ someéhh II {It I I -n 10 would HOPE and JOAN FONTAINE ill
Up Day. how about giving us a little I" m “man-V “1””9“ (“Silhoi’u's Bil-2' Night. You‘ll howl

will have added significance. New-
man Club will assemble at 1 pm.
near the College of St. Rose. with
the parade starting at 1:30.

' Publicity Director

Debate Council Member
Departmental Club President
Directory Editor

Dramatfcs and Arts Affiliates:

Many a State student can pick

President He likes many things-rut ' i s
. H . .l u . hOiKllifiJoi. when Bob, the '1‘; . » v - - .
Dramatics and Arts CounCil: saylc’ a" SPOMO" LOUD“ mon' Yours truly IliadL liquor. called classes. double of his day Sl‘ll’: 
M 1' ' ca urcs.  -. u. . I . .‘ "‘w r '.
embe Mary Ann Jolmpoll ills, llld “LLkCllClh. Ht. of Venice . . . and gets tossed oil

liagémfllggéih h’Il‘ holilil‘ul< mothers. his gondola by an army of jealous
I I I k  a arm one s or let— husbaiids'” . ‘
. - . Sayles Hall Will hold its annual ' ' Leis “‘0 * ~ ‘  ~ ~
atlasééogéwncd Melnbei Spring DanceI Friday from 9 MIL Signum LCUdIS Plans Nobodih ItIllLsodeItIlIltié I0 me or so “(1);? fagséluﬁsi :lIi lavIoIresIt and t’lt‘hc
Advei'tisin Editor to 1 a.m.. announces James 0011- ' earl to su ‘ v- n '. l .0 w 0 mulls a w
Buslness Educ“. way '54I pl.esl(lemI The dance ls ycafly Spying Banquet “mymmw 12)::- pzlglligtdyoﬁlsi. IIcIaIn Delaware this week. Both films are
memry Edlwr informal and glrls have 2 0.clock I ruleI u Marilyn MOIIIIOI IIeIIslItc ill color and Shirt, Friday. The
Primer Business Manager hours. The dance will be held in New members or 8131mm Lau‘lls u collapsible cue 'ln i-xl'  Llllddr' Royal [our 13 “PM 0‘ Queen Elm"
Radio Guild Member the Gym of Sayles Hall. were chosen ‘1‘ ii New“; 0“ APP” license. thirty ccht‘s v. ‘ Illilllll- "'5'?" "em “"d “w Wk" “1' Edi'miulih
Resmence COUIICII PIIeSIdeIIL I I l3I Imports Ellzzlhetl1 Hunter v54I a Muggsy SDImIcir.  lIl .iIn llle. through the Wcst Indies. Fi.li,Tolli-la
SmIIeS ChaIIImaII - I IThL Committees for the dance President. The names of the new YWCA towel ' “um’ ‘md a “ma New. Zgulimd‘
State ColIe e NeWSI ole Donald Whitiock and Mario members will be made known on A where l' .I I I . The “'11 ih‘ iii'i‘st‘ntlng BEVERLY
I g I ScalZlI freshmen Chapel,0neSIHmIb Moving_UI) DayI I II t. 303’ is .lIiliagical cl-ca- MICHAELS and RICHARD EGAN
Cllculatlon Editor Hum .56I Decomuonm George MaII_ “IlthOU Gilli 100k him will 01' .Vour ill Wicked Woman. She w'is born
Managlng Edltor ml .54 and Roger Huwver _55I Rb Plans ml. me Smlllg Banquet llLalb. but you can't lock him out for TROUBLE U
Student Union Board Manager freshmen”; Ted Mayer v54I BandI were made at a meeting on Alli.“ EEIIl/Uill‘rliflilor cabinet: .l'iiii ('iiii lil‘t Violence and icrror arc the by-
GROUP IV (3 here or 2 here and i ChilDGI‘Oiie-S for the dance are MlI ‘ The billiqilﬂ Will be held in geL‘h‘I’III Il’IfiIUi iiiIillIcl. bui you can't words of The Mall Fl'iilll ('illl‘i):
In In or I here and I III III PIIIIdyI Director of SuerS and MIISI the small dlnlng 1.00m at Brubncher MIgm I” IIIléiliIUlIIixlelhc account. GEORGE RAFT, He is ill his
ACLIVILIBS Day ChaIIIman PIIIIdyI Em WedheedhyI May 12I at 7:30 llIlllI IIIIIeII VI-IIIII I) Iglvc up. He is your [lilijcal f'ast-lllovilig. hard~liittiiig
All-College Reception Chairman —. me mm“ Speﬂke“ “’ul be D1" Km“ t- 43 n .05»- ‘md W” “11"” “’1”
clull DI Bll.l.I lnstmctor lll Soclul IlossI a Iblctlly-cycd. no account. Grab your pocketbook your 'll'l
Studies. Miss Catherine Newbold, hill‘thiiSiilg bundle of worries. but and your car. Why??? The Drille-

Annual Spring Dance

Forum Board Member
Freshman Handbook Editor

 

 

 

Joe"   Instructor in Social Studies. will Whle“ 3'0“ $0in homc Int lilgllt with Ills arc l'L'ilCly for your [)iitl‘iill'igc
p be Mlsufss Ul- Cel.emomesI )yIIthc shattered picccs of your Ilcrc arc some favorites that ll:ch
u NI 1“. ‘m I II I lics and (lIlcaIliIIls. hi' makes them been brought back to the (illlfl‘ ‘
Neal- wumm AnI New members oi Sigiiulii Laudis llilllliiy Insignificant with four shows I I m”

3 “man will be initiated at the banquet. hmiiit‘iil WordS. " I FLUNKEI) (lu’l‘ Athllli' Sarita All- ‘
We A“. T. PM They include the last tWo per cent DAD" ' “Wendi. Rullh ‘llltlllllu lf‘miyibchm.”
of the class of 1054 and the first I I. . And a l'i‘lllCllll)l'llll('l‘ to the show Si'll‘lg '17,   “lam
. ... . u '( Lill's '- n i. -. . '. “‘ ' ' ' ‘4' “(’“H
foul le cent of the class of 1J55. “Um lulllliix. My loom- \vltii Roman Holiday. Lili. illi-

lllz ‘ .'1 .‘ i-l . ., , .

I sIIIziutIdISIiSISIIIEhEOLIIIIiIli.“will?”ii girl iIli-adclliy award winning niovic.wiili

, .. I  I‘ - " I ’. I JESLIIC CARRON, is o mil to 'our

rchalkovsky Symphony NOI 5 IIIIIYZill. lIiILIlsiIllmlly. I IiIlolit cliloy ii viewing at the Autol-Vislon3 oil
Franck Symphony in D Minor A B T K A P N E R ‘i’ “”“‘“"e “UWIV Route o-E.

Rachmaninoff Second Piano
w i
"YOUR STATE INSURANCE MAN”

Almost Too Good
To Be True . . .

12" LONG
PLAYING RECORDS

Only $1.90 apiece

 

Dvorak "New World" Symphony
. and many others

BLUE NOTE SHOP

156 Central Ave.
(Across non Rumors 5 a 10)
one. I llka ’tl I

In I/w SNACK HAIR (limits on wall ' ' l

. .... l ' Ii rook”!
ALL TYPES of INSURANCE
If you buy (hero. you won"! ()0 look in.

75 State Street 5-1471 Albany. N. Y.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ITATI COLLIOI' news; ' FRIDAY.‘ APRIL

30. 1.54

State Faces Utica At Bleeker ln Opener Today;
Tussle With New Paltz Nine On Road Tomorrow

 

 

4m 74a 3W

By BOB ASHFllLD

 

behaves himself long enough. the
baseball enthusiasts here at State
will be treated to the first game of
the season. The opposition will be
furnished by the Utica Nine and
the festivities will be in Bleecker
Stadium. so don‘t forget to be on
hand.

Baseball is probably the toughest
of all college sports to promote, yet
it is one of the most popular lia-
tional sports. It just seems strange
that there should be such a contrast.
What could be the difference?
Naturally the quality isn't as good.
but even a sandlot game can pro-
vide its thrills.

Nothing can be done to change
some of the obstacles blocking col-
lege baseball's glory such as short-
ness of season and neal'llesa to the
end of the semester plus weather
conditions. But one thing could be
done here at State which we believe
would add to the interest of the
game. if liothing more. That is to
formulate some kind of a league,
whereby we would have some means
of comparing our team's strength
This would provide a goal greater
than that of just Winning. one of
leading the league. In our way of
thinking. competing for league hon-I
ors is the greatest of all i‘orlnsIof
competition; there is more incentive
and will to will. For example. every-
one recognizes that the Harlem
Globe Trotters arc a good team, but
lust how good they are no one can
say. You get some idea when they
Win. say 10 out of 18 exhibition
games with the College All-States.
but what more is that than a modi-
fied league with 2 teams involved.

Not only can ihc pica be limited
to baseball. think what it would
mean to the basketball team. A
13-7. won—lost l‘L‘('()l‘(l may not look
impressive overall. but ill a lcilguc
it could mean first place. Woll-
losi records would begin to mean
something when comparing the op-
position. Whiil could anyone derive
from Plattsblirg's 13-3 record before
they played us? You couldili say
theirs was a butter or poorer record
than ours. because the two teams
had incl different opposition.

We believe much could be done
ill the way of helping the varsity
sports here by attempting to or—
ganize leagues. maybe of the State
Colleges in the Ullivcrsny or of the
area teams. The plan Would pro-
mote all State‘s varsity teams but
would give a real extra boost lo
baseball. I I

Any fellows who are interested in
becoming a varsity manager should
contact either Coach Hathaway or
Coach Garcia. The openings are
presently for a baseball lllaliager
and a soccer manager to work With
the spring scrimmach and to con-

' i next fall. I
mTlle AA Board has made out its
budget for the coming year Iand Will
hold an upon hearing next Thursday
night in Brubachcr. ’l‘his Is the
time for anyone who disagrees With
any of the items or lines ill the
budget to appear and maki- his
comments.

Sign up sheets will bc posicd oil
the MAA bullciiil board iodiiy fol
those students who on: liilcrcsicd
ill participating in the lillfllllllllllll:
tennis. and golf ioul'liiilllcliis. BIf
sure to sign up before next Wednes-
day as that is the doildliilc.I The
badmlnioii tourney will have singles,
liicli‘s doubles. woillcii's doubles. and
mixed doubles. This ioul'lialliclit is
also open to the faculty lliL‘lllbtills.
and Ted Dilpl'cy iile

Bob Sil‘liubcr I I
directing the golf iourllcy. whih
Frail Rodgcl‘s is ill charge of the

tennis llllilcllL‘h.

a O ,
Felicia 8
Beauty Salon
sa-a No. me A"-
(Near Washington AV“
.imnn"__m1r stylist
Telephone 3-070

Teams To Vie In IM Softball,-

This afternoon, if old man weather    

The Intramural Softball season
prepared
afternoon. but a conflict with the
Albany Monsoon season prevented
any games from being played. As
the softballers and Manager of the
League Don Canonica looked sadly
out the windows watching Jupe
Pluvius's great fresh tears patter
against the panes, they looked at
the meager five weeks of school
which remained and started to think
about playing a schedule of games

club appears to have come up with
a stelier hurler in freshman "Rocky"
Roecklein. They will also have an
almost all-veteran infield. including
Nels LaRoe, Gerry McDonald and
Don Canonica.
SLS, KB Feature llurlers

SLS will have the good fortune of
having Carmen “The Great" Corsi
collie out of the semi-retirement
imposed on him by the rigors of
graduate work to pitch. Catching

to open last Tuesday

at Bleeker Field in addition to the ms Slants Wm be NICK cassevoy-

ones planned for Page Field.
Frats Hold Practice Sessions

Most of the squads have already
conducted
sions, and as usual. the fraternity “Junk Bail"
clubs appear to be the best organ- Dick Kh-chI
iiiid tlieI 01185 With the hes‘ will be Bob Sturm. one of last year's
chance of taking the championship. top

ized.

The squad will be paced by vet-
erans Frank Geslak. Stan Howlett
and Bill Small.

The KB team will have two
Practice 595' pitchers sharing the hurling duties:
Blattanan and "Big"
Leading the stickers

informal

Sluggers. along with Arnie

Last year's champion APA team Slnith. Ron Reuss and Ralph Moot.

again looks like the club to beat

One of the stronger Independent

in this year's race. Fastballer John teams Shellid he Ridge House a
Allasio will be back on the mound. squad made up of experienced. Well

while veterans Jim Bennett. Bill seasoned haiipihyem

Ray Downes

Walker and John Zongrone should is slated to hurlI Wm1 “Slug” Bob
provide a nucleus for a sound field- tillOI veteran of many years of ath_

ing and solid hitting club.

letic club ballplaying. backing him

Potter Club. last year's runner- up behind the plate. "Rabbit" Burr,
up. will miss its great battery of sure fingered second baseman. will
Pete Teller alld Ray Gibb. but the hold up the infield on defense.

 

SLS, Apaches Capture Crowns;
Zidik, Borden Individual Leaders

w n - i . . st. 'l
bLb gamed “’5 second Imght tenders. SLS calne through with

bowling crown Tuesday by down-
ing APA in the filial game of the
season.
what brightened. however, by hav- The
ilig their second string brothers. the

 

the clincher ill the loop's final
APA‘s defeat was some- game'
scorcsheets for the day

showed Bob Sinkledam again lead-

APAchCSI cumin-e the Downstairs ing the league with a 522 series on

League
the finish with the KraBs.

title ill another fight to games or 183. 161. and 178.
SLS's one-two punch of Zidik

SLS's battle went down to the and Shumaiiski came through in
last game as APA set them back their usual form, John getting a

ill the first two games.
only one game separating the con- 198 single

APA Gamers

Then with 468 and Tom a 466. Shumanski's
represented the day's
high.

Ill the other loop match. Hilltop.
after 13 weeks of consecutive lnatch
defeats. turned back Sayles 3-1.

V Bernie Theobold stole match hon-
o   ors by splitting the maples for a

APA
pionship of the school. beating Pot-
icr Club ill a tightly-played 4-guilic
series.
15-13,

APA

Kane.

Doll

and 16-14. The lilieup for
included
Walker. Allasio. Hull and
Krug: while the Potter Club squad
consisted of LaRoe. Smith. Stark.
Donnelly. Sage. Krchniak. Centra
and Kelly. The APA six was sparked
by the superb spiking of Captain
Kl'ug iiild Whit Walter. and
the expert set-ups of Johli Allasio.
but as in most volleyball victories.

469 triple. Joe Swierzowski led the
Hilltoppers.
Al’Aches (‘apture Downstairs Title

The Downstairs League's “last-
ditch stand" found the APAches
elliergilig victorious on the strength
wallel.I of a 3-1 conquest of the KraBs.
APAches team honors were split by
Bill Monsell and Ed Rockstroh. who
both turned in 439 efforts. Ralph
Moot's 204 finale and 475 triple were
more than enough to garner the
day‘s honors. The Rousers. incan-
while. were handed four wins on a
College Heights forfeit.

Statistics released by the loop

won the Volleyball Cham-

The scores were 11-15. 15-7.

Murphy.

the real hero was the entire team. officials Show Bob Sinkiedaln’s 629
which made few mistakes on of— triple to be tops for the year. Bob
fense or defelise. For the Potter Hughes's 244 single Was also listed

team.

Joe Kelly with his bullet as the season's best,

Ill the Down—

scrvcs and Dave Stark and John stairs League single match honors
Cclili'a with their slamming spikes were shared by Ralph Moot and

were outstanding.
olic semi-filial match. APA single. while Sapko had a 541 triple. ‘

Iii

lioscd out the Indians 13-15. l5-13.

Joe Sapko. Moot came up With ii 225

Individual honors went to veterans

and 15-12. The Indians were paced Johll Zidik and Toni Shumanski.
by Ben BlilLUll and Ev Weiermiller. John carried a 168 average. While
Potter defeated the SL8 squad in Tom had 166. Dave Borden led the
the other scllii-fiilal 10—15. 15-7.aiid Downstairs loop on the strength of

15—8.

maker for SLS.

Howlctt was the top point a 153 average. and was followed by

Jack Wilson with 149.

 

 

WW

CAFETERIA

LOCATED AT
167 CENTRAL AVINUI
84 STATE 8m"
1“ STA“ STRIIT

McCormaclt Returns To The Mound
To Bolster State's Pitching Sta“

It’s “Play Ball” today

as the State’s 1954 Nine

ries the lid off the new season in their opener with Utica
College at 2:00 this afternoon at Bleecker Stadium. To-
morrow the Hathawaymen will take to the road for a clash
with the New Paltz diamond aggregation.

The Peds squad features nine veterans and twelve new-
comers and although not bubbling with optimism they pos-
sess a quiet confidence and a great deal of the spirit which
means so much in winning ball games.

Since our last reports on the squad the pitching staff
has greatly improved. John McCormack. mound ace of years

 

KD Tops Phi Delt
ln Volleyball Tilt,-
Clli Sig Wins Too

Kappa Delta beat Phi Delta in
the first after-vacation game of the
volleyball league. Ill :1 fast, even
game. the KD's took the game
37-34. Pierce lost to the Chi Sig A
team 21-39. No other games were
played. as Psi Gam forfeited to
Gamma Kap and Chi Slg's B team
forfeited to Thurlow Hall.

Spring Spree Planned

WAA announces the annual
Spring Spree to be held May 22 at
Camp Johnston. The all-day af-
fair features lots of fun and plenty
of food. The day will be climaxed
by the announcement and installa-
tio nof next year's officers. Trans-
portation to alld from Calnp Joini-
ston will be furnished by WAA.

Softball practice is scheduled for
Monday. Wednesday and Friday
afternoons from 3:30 to 5:30 on
Dorln Field.

WAA To Sponsor Playday

A softball playday will be spon-
sored by WAA on May 15 for nine
high schools of the Albany area.
The girls will meet on Dorm Field
for a round-robin of games. Ally-
one interested ill working Oil the
committees for this playday should
contact Gina Hilfiker.

Managers of fall sports have been
elected. Hockey will be under the
direction of Ann Kalnmer alid
Nancy Schneider '57. Peg Culli-
gan and Sheila Lister will lnanage

stirred scam

May 3.
APA vs. Pots 4:30 (P)
Finks vs. Grads 6:30 (P)
May 4,

KB vs. Al’Aches 4:30 (P)
Vets vs. Rousers 6:30 (P)

May 5.
Hilltop vs. SLS 4:30 (Pl
Pots vs. Finks 6:30 (I’)
May 6,

Rouscrs vs. Potter 4:30 (P)
KB vs. Ridge House 6:30 (I’)
May 7.

69’ers vs. APAches 4:30 (P)
the soccer program. Bowling ar-
rangements will be taken care of
by Jean Hallellbeck and Sue Burli-
hart.

 

Gerald Drug Co.

217 Western Ave. Albany. N. 1.
Phone 64810

 

 

Corner Ontario 8 Benson
Dial 4-1125
FLORIST &
GREENHOUSE
College Florists for Years
Special Attention

past. has been added to coach Hath-
away's hurling department. John
made some fine showings in his
sophomore year but was sidelined
last year for medical reasons. 'I‘oo.
highly pleasing tossing has been
featured by veteran John Zidik and
Tom Shumanski. talented reserve
last year. Also displaying a lot of
talent is Leon Ogrodnfck, who will
probably tend second base this sea-

Holdover catcher Bob Dreher. who
earlier this season was on the in-
Jured list for an arm ailment, it is
said will see action this year al-
though being sidelined for at least
the first two contests.

Also climbing from the densely
populated injured list is fresh Joe
Taggart. back on the roster follow-
ing a shoulder separation.

Sage. Stella Lead lnfields

Probably in line for the other in-
field positions Will be Joe Stella.
third base: Bob Sage, shortstop. In
the catciier's slot Will be Sig Smith.
In the outer garden will be D. H.
Leill and Wayne Overton. both of
whom are veterans. Leill in past
perforllninces has shown some nice
lli.iing sprees.

Although little has been said
about the weekend opponents. it is
known that the Utes. in their opener,
succumbed to Potsdam State and
that Saturday's opponent New Paltz
has almost the entirety of last sea-
son's squad. In last year’s outings
the Peds turned back the Uticans by
scores of 5-0 alid 5-2 while going
down at the hands of New Paltz 2-1.

Lein Key Man In Slugging Dept.

State's hitting deficiencies due to
the absence of Cannon and De-
Michiell who last year topped the
stickmen have seemingly been rem-
edied to some degree. DeMlchieli
last year topped the statesmen's
offense in slugging average. runs
batted ill and total bases While man-
aging to take top fieldillg honors.
Cannon captured the batting aver-
age crown and garnered the most
hits for the season. Lein. who last
year tied for top honors in runs
bailed ill. will probable handle the
brunt of hitting chores. His sup-
por. at the plate will probably con-
sist of: Dreher. Overton. Snllth.
Bogiages, O’Loughlin. Stella. and
Shumanski.

U:
o
5

 

THE
HAGUE
STUDIO

"Portrait At Its Finest"
s s

HOLLYWOOD COMES
E A S T T O T A K E
YOUR PORTRAIT

‘ ‘
OPEN 9:00 in 5:30 DAILY
Evenings by appointment
till MADISON AVENUE

TELEPHONE 4-0017

 

for
Sororities and Fratarnltlaa

 

 

 

 

 

 

    

PAIRVO’

