 

 

 

 

 

 

. ‘wlt‘

Page 4i

. g , .
NOTICE CONCERNING ever, that any illins‘ttlltric on the lopeir

' mg or c using- my o a senles er ol'
ATTENDANCE RULES upon the day instruction ends or
is assumed at a recess or vacation
period will count the full number
of permissible absences in a given
course. They will not forget also
tfillt satisfactory explanation must
be presented and excuse secured
for any absence after the ﬁrst in it
one hour course, after the second
iii a two llolir course, and after the
third in a three or four hour
course.

Students wlio are iii any doubt
about the interpretation of these
rules should confer with the Dealt
or tlle Dean of Women. Lack of
knowledge of the rules may not be
offered as the basis of an excuse
for absence.

 

The attention of lill students is
called to tlle revised statement of
the Attendance Rules appearing
below. Confusion has arisen
recently through the failure of
some students to familiarize them“
selves with the rules and through
the failure of others to interpret
them correctly.

I'legiiiulng with the second scin-
cster no explanation will be called
for and no excuses will be granted
for the ﬁrst absence in a one hour
course, the first two absences in it
two lioilr course, and the first three
absences in a three or a four hour
course.

Students will not forget, how-

 

ifarllili ll. fforlier.

 

ATTENDANCE RULES

Record of Absences—All absences for whatever calico shall be re-
ported each week by the instructors to the Registrar upon blanks pro-
vided for lliat purpose, and shall be filed not later than 5 o’clock of the
Monday following the week or part of a week the report covers.

. Excusing Oﬂiccrs.—— Excuses for legitimate absences may be secured
in the case of men froln the Dciiii and ill the case of women from the
Dean of Women and should be filed at olice wnli the Registrar.

Time Limit for Securing Excuse.-— Written excuse for excusable
absences must be secured froln the exc . llg ufiii'cr witlliii one week from
the initial date of absence, except that a student who is detained longer
than one week at home by Illness or other lt-g'itilillite cause may, by
notification in writing to the exctislng officer, secure written excuse iin-
nictllately upon his return.

Classiﬁcation of Absences.-All absences shall be classified as ex-
cusable, non-excusable and permissible, as follows:

ya. Excusable Absences.—.—- Excnsahle absences shall include:

(I) Absences caused by illness vouched for by a physician's ecrtili<
rate or by other cvnleiice satisfactory to the L‘xcllsfllg officer.

'(2) Absences caused by serious illness or death in the immediate
family of a‘studcnt.

(3) Absences due to substitute leaching when arrangements for such
absences have been made in advance,

(4) Absences dlie to conditions over which a studeilt has no control,
such as a severe storm or interrupted train or trolley service.

(5) Absences due to an approved athletic schedule.

(6) Absences due to authorized attendance upon a State or National
convention of a student organization.

(7) Absences not classified in subdivisions (l) to (b) but considered
legitimate by the excusnig officer.

'b, Non-excusable Absences.—— Non-excusable absences shall include:

(I) Absences caused by the carelessness or forgetfuhiess of a student.

(2) Absences caused by extra curriculum activities of any nature.

(3) Absences from one class to prepare Work for another class.

(4') Abscnccs due to suspension from a class.

(5) Excitslible absences for which written excuse has not been
secured within the time limit.

(6) Absences not classified iii subdivisions (1) to (5) deemed lion-
cxcusablc by the excusing officer.

c. Permissible Absences.-l’ermissiblc absences, for which no ex-
planation Will be required and no excuse granted, may include in a given
semester:

(1) The ﬁrst absence, for whatever cause, iii a one hour course.

(2) The ﬁrst two absences, for whatever cause, in a two hour course.

(3) The ﬁrst three absences, for whatever cause, in a three or a four
hour course.

All absence on the opening or closing day of a semester or upon the
day instruction ends or is resumed at ll recess or vacation period shall
count the flill number of permissdile absences in a given course.

Overcuts.-— Overcuts shall be defined and regulated as follows:

a. Dcﬁnition.——— An unexcused absence occurring after the first absence
in a one hour course, alter the second absence in a two hour course, and
after the third absence in a three or a four hour course, shall constitute
an overcutt.

b. Regulation.— A student who does not secure an excuse from the
proper cxcusing officer and file it ill the Registrar's office within one
week after he has been notified of an overcut shall be dropped from the
course in which the overeul occurs and be reported by the instructor at
the end of the semester as failed. Thus, satisfactory explanation must
be offered and excuse secured for any absence occurring after the first
in a one hour course, after the second in a two hour course, and after the
it ird in a three or a four hour course, if the student is to avoid being
dropped from the course with loss of credit.

Tardincss. No record shall be kept of tardiness. A student, who
interrupts a class by late entrance after the roll has been called, shall be
marked absent unless he makes his presence known to the instructor at
the close of the period and presents satisfactory explanation of his
tardiness.

 

 

Wﬂkumgw. ,.

 

 

 

 

STATE COLL EGE N .EWS, li‘EBRUARY (l, 1930‘

Class Work During Absence—An excuse for absence shillbliot in
any case relieve the student from responsibility for the work at his class
during his absence. ‘ I

Long Continued Absence.-A student who is absent for whatever
reason for a period longer than two weeks may not resume his work
except with the Consent of his instructors and the approval of the Dean.
'A student who is absent for four consecutive weeks may not usually
resume his ivork during a semester. . ‘ '

Student Assembly.~— Attendance upon Student Astseinbly on f'riday
llltil'nillgS is required, but a student may have one absence Ill a semester
without securing excuse. Satisfactory explanath must be made to.tllc
proper cusing ollicer niitl excuse secured fo‘ any absence after the first.

 

ability. Both the parts of the
mother and Kathleen l'CtlllllL‘tl .-
hiic balance iii order that the trag-
C(ly might not lapse into IHL'lH-
drama. A’lyiitllwy Williams played
the old mother as few people oi liCl'
age could have done. never ior
ll illiliiltc did she step out to her

DRAMATICS CLASS
PLAYS WELL RECEIVED

Myt'anwy Williams—Star of the
llilveniug

The following is the first work

 

in dramatic critlcsiii ol English .53. rule. Her voice and hearing
it is published by the c .s with showed lull sympathy wnll [llti
dlie regard to the lact that built the part. Marie harry made a charill—

lllt!‘ Kathleen. ftci' pleasing voice,
appearance, and a certain Celtic are
which she pill into the part held
her audience.

The; most entertaining of me
plays was "The Wonder llal.‘
lhc setting was unusually artistic.
A golden moon beamed-down upon
the lairy-fike fountillil ol a park.
.ttarlcqunl and t‘ierrot wure amus-
lug characters aiid made the best
of their humorous lilies. .\lyt'itnwy
Williams again displayed her lalelit
as t'unchillello, changing to this cli-
lirely different part Wllll apparent
ease. Columbine was attractive but
her liloveilleilts were too many at
times. Miss linilagh did good work
considering that she had been ill
tip to the time of the play. ller
maid, Margot, a stolid, pi'aclical in-
dividual. scored a decided su '
and lost none of the laughs.

writers and actors are amateurs:
"between lilL‘ Soup and tile
'ailory "
The cook ...........J,\‘ose J'lughcs
‘t'hc maid  . .Alae Dc l~‘.onviflc
’tlic siltvcy .......l.'.ini|y Scenl‘nlail

 

" The flush Light"
Th lnolhcr ...i\lyfilliwy \Villiains
" daughter  .i\l(ll'lt: Marry
'thc soldier  ..Jollii .lllicClclii‘

,_
F.‘

“ The Wonder flat”
llarlequin ............l\lary tirillnl
l‘icrrot  L‘ izubeth [\I‘CllilJUiti
t'uucllniello ...l\lylanwy Williams
Columbine ......-../\lltiil llallagli
Margot ,.....,.....lLlsic llanbury

 

 

Three distinctly different one-act
plays were presented by the Ura-
inlltics Llass January to in the Al‘
bally lligli School auditorium. The
lil'st was an anglish comedy which
had to do will] the events ill the
kitchen during the scrvmg of dili-
ilel', from the soup to the Sitt’ul‘y.
limify Scenrman did good work
bolli lll reading fines and ill acting.
ller general air of dcjcctioli, hcr
walk, and her hesitant speech he-
spoke the typical work-worn
slavcy. Itcr interpretation of the U
letter which she claimed had been
sent to her by an admirer, was
packed with deep feeling subject to
n coninlciidlllilc reserve. Mac Dc
ltouvillc, as the gossiping maid,
brought a iliorc lively note to the
play. “Cook‘s” laugh was contu—
giotls bllt her rcfincillcnt scarcely
went with her station. While each ili
character was well portrayed, more
spirit, more contrast in voice and
in pace, more joint action would
have reached a higher standard of

  

The
curtain hardly found us really to
glance into the world of reality.
'llie lilies of the play wcrc clever
and the mood more easily interpre-
tcd than that of either of the other
plays.

MUSIC CLUB

 

Music Club will be field next
Monday ill the aliililorillili at 5
o'clock instead of the usual hour.
The program will be in charge of
hlliyoric Bryant.

All eiitrrtainment will be given

Nassau Friday evening by
George Sclliavonc and Sally Ix’ooily,
tssistcd by Lela Clickencr and Alida
Curry, under the auspices of the
Alumni Association of the Nassau

 

 

arl.’ V . ‘ High School. The program will

“The finsliliglit' demands by consist of readings and musical
far the greatest amount of dramatic selections.
TRIBUNE CONTEST

Continued from Page 1.

The contest will close April 30,
l92fl. ./\ iiianllscript mailed before
midnight on that day at any place
in the United States will be eligible.

A'iilllllSCl‘llHS will not be returned,
even if stamps accompany them.

The judges of the contest will be
three of the “Tribune's” editors.
They will award the prizes, has 1:;
their decisith on sound thinking
and brevity, clcarncss and strength
of staleiiicnl.

 

CONDITIONS OF THE PLATFORM CONTEST

The Republican National Convention will meet in June to nominate
candidates and draft a platform for the l920 campaign. What should its
planks be.”

The “'l‘ribulie’I believes you ought to have a chance to help write
them: planks. it offers you an opportunity to get your ideas before the
Republican leaders.

The “ Tribune " invites you to submit your planks and to write letters
about the planks proposed by other readers through its columns.

her the best plank and letters of discussion The “Tribune” offers
the following prizes:

 

For the best  $500.00
For the second best 250.00
For each of the eight next best planks. . .. . , . . .. 100.00
For the best letter a daily prize of. . . . .. .. 10.00

For the best letter in the whole competition:   . .  .. 100.00

 

 

 

 

