 

 

PAGE 2

Kangaroos And Kabiner . . .

When the cabinet met with the administration this
week, several points were brought up that are worthy of

repetition.

One is the fact that when various student committees
go in to consult the administration on new plans, their
attitude is usually a defensive one. They expect no con-
structive advice from the administration. Their assumed
duty is to get as much accomplished in the desired direc-
tion without an administrative veto. We can’t think of a
sillier, more immature attitude!

The administration has far more experience in all
the ﬁelds that we smueg label “student” than we could
ever hope to gain in the few years we attend State. Need-
less to say it’s a poor thing when student committees fail
to take advantage of what is offered to them simply be-
cause of the old traditionalist view that the administration
is there solely for the purpose of blocking any and all stu—
dent requests.

Although the Cabinet meeting was called to coordinate
the Freshmen Weekend, Rivalry and traditions, by a series
of digressions the cabinet began to discuss the Rivalry Bill,
its purposes and ﬂaws. What are our traditions? Why a
Kangaroo Court? Does it serve any true purpose? If not
why was it included in the Rivalry Bill in the ﬁrst place.

It was a good discussion, yes, but what we’d like to
know is why the Cabinet did not discuss this Bill before
it was passed by Senate. Why didn’t the Minister of“ Tradi-
tions meet with Senate Committee who dealt with the
Bill? To do anything about it now involves cumbersome
amendments, and lengthy debates will have to be endured
for a second time.

We hope that in the future Cabinet will use its time
to discuss these important items and pass their recom—
mendations on to the Senate before it legislates. This ad-
visory function is one that Cabinet hasn't taken seriously
in the past few weeks.

It Could Happen To You . . .

At the end of March there appeared in the New York
Times an article about the Brooklyn College weekly news-
paper and its editorial board. It interested as and we
thought it might interest you because of the recent com—
plaints about the News. It seems that the administration
there felt that all editorials should ﬁrst be approved by
a faculty advisor, and also that the advisor be present at
board meetings. Fortunately, the News doesn’t have the
problem of administration interference because it’s a stu-
dent-run paper, but it has met with opposition from a
certain other organifiation on this campus.

Anyway, we feel that the Brooklyn College editor, Paul
Ringe, summed it up nicely when he said that the editorial
board includes among its concepts 01' a newspaper the right
to meet, discuss and then accept the responsibilities of
any editorial they publish, and that they maintain the
right to publish any material the board considers news-
worthy. Any other set up, he added, would be a direct
violation of freedom of the press.

What happened in the end? They all resigned!
MJ-N.

 

STATE COLLEGE N EWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916
BY THE CLASS OF 1918

 

First Pilith CSPA Sct'oiul l’liit't' ACI’

Vol. XLIII

Members (ii the NEWS stall may he l'l'l"lil‘tl Momm. ’liii idiiy and chiic~.iiiiy
from 7 to it p in at 2-3326. Ext ll l’hoiii-s l“i'./.p.xlllil’. Ii itiLH, Ana 2 With, Kliliii-l
2-9610.

'i‘lie undergraduate ncwspupcr oi the Nt‘N ‘I'tlilt 21min,- Collcgc ioi 'l‘mchcrs
published every Friday oi the Codegi: yiriir Ir, im- let‘vn Hoard ioi ihv b‘tuiiciit
Auboeiution
MARY I’I'I‘ZI‘A'I‘ItICK
MARIE DI'J'I'TMEIC —

JOSI'JI'II SZAItI‘iK

MARLENI'Z ALTKI‘JIIMAN

CAROL ALTIC »
ANN III'I‘UIICOCK - - ~
MAltI'I‘ JI'JN’I‘OI"l‘-NIIAIL'N
I‘IAILY ELI/EN JOHNSON v - - Associate Editor
JAMEH MCIIUOII - ' - - - - - v - < r Aswclutc I‘ldilur
ELIZABETH BI’I'JNUI'llt - - - ' - - - - ‘ Associate Iidltor
MONICA 'I'ItAHKII'h' - I - v - r > - Asnllt'littt: l‘ldltnr
JOHN QUIIU‘ - ‘ ' ' ' - - v » I'ublie Itclnllons luditur
ARTHUR I‘IID'I'NIK - - ' - - - r v - 4 7 Feature I'.d.toi
JAMEH IIOUIIIII‘ZII'I'Y - r v - - ('irn‘ipnrtn ItIIItilI
IOIIN IJ‘JWI-‘l (ii-Spoils llditnr
IMMII‘JB’I‘ KAMI‘I“ i‘nnsultzint Sports Liliiur
(iItAUI': ICNGI‘ILS (‘irculatiorrExchangi- l'iditor

M'iy 2, 1958 No. 115

Indilor ln-(‘lilcl

Lxecutivc (‘u Editor

Inn-cutlvc t'o-l'liiitoi'

Managing Editor

ISusincss Ailtcrtinlng Izdlior
Business AtIH'rlisiiig ('onnuitant
- v Asimiiilc I'.IIIllII

I'llOTOﬁItAI’IIY - Statc (lollcgc l'linto Scrrici:
All communications should be addrciiscd in tin.- edilnr and must lii.‘ sight-d Nanics
mu m- witppcld on request The STATE COLLEGE NEWS anuiiinim no Iliiiﬂtilihiliilllf”
for opinions cxprusrni in its columns or cominunicutlona, us such (Hil‘ltmhltlliti do not

necessarily reflect its vii-w».
«m1

 

 

Karmic! Kayne!»
By Barbegeliata & Gebhardt

We are very pleased to see that
you haVe accepted our column so
well. But after this will you please
keep your comments free from pro-
fane language.

PALACE

Teachers Pet—Doris Day and
Clark Gable (Who is now almost
175 years old) get together to make
this movie one of the freshest come-
dies of the season. You know I
didn’t mean it in that sense dirty-
inouth, go wait in the car. We have
to put this flick in) as otir pick of
the week. Second hit is Damn
Citizen: “He smashed the rottenest
vice machine in the USA." This is
the story of Joe Hero who takes a
club and smashes to pieces a ma-
chine that sells rotten vice. What
some people won't do to get in the
papers.

MADISON

Witness l'or the Prosecution —
Albany moviedom has lost it's head.
For three solid weeks now they have
been showing movies that are top
grade material. No monsters, no sex
thrillers, and probably no attend-
ance. This movie couples top aet—
iiig with a great ending. so men for
a cheap date this is the place to go.
Believe us this is a moxie to re-
member. We had to remember it.
it's the only one we have seen this
ycar.
DRAI’ER 349

A Star Is Born—IFG offers the
cxtus’ for you to get away from
yotir studics this week. We know
this information will be helpful to
you if you have trouble trying to
inid excuses like the rest of us.
Jaiict G.iyii.ii'. Frederick March and
Adolph Mcnjou plus no admission
charge. What more can you ask for?
Yeh. we know but they sent that
Dali ino'.'ic back.

S’I‘RANI)

Marjorie Morning Star -—- "The
story of a romance that could hap-
pcn anywhere at anytime." Hair!
The guy who wrote that line iievei
wcnt to this school. that's for damn
save. A romance around here is de—
iiiicd as the week proceeding a
fraternity formal. Second attraction
is Fun iiowic. Taken from the
nowl that hit the Bill salcs mark
last ycar.

AROI'NI) 'I'Ili". 'I‘OWN

our place to go this wcckcnd is
chzi's. Zach Clements is making,
with the cool sounds Friday and
Saturday nights. For those oi' you
who thrivc on crowds bclievc us
you can't go wrong. We also want to
mention tlic l)lL‘, rock and roll fes—
tival o\t‘i' at ltPl this ’l‘ucsday night.
Wc saw this show last sciiicstcr and
it is worth ctcry tl'lll oi your par-
ints iiioncji,

Wc .il'c glad to .cc tliiit pcoplc :ll't'
iiadinz'. our coiiiiiiii. Wc can tcil llL‘-
can c oi Ilil' iiii't tliut ultcr our cm—
li'll" .'Vliliii- obscrvatioii last wcck.
oi.l_\ tlirci- pcoplc Ill! this wcck.

 

___..._.—— .—

Gammotnicdiand

’I‘o tlic i'iditor:

l lliit.’ oilcn iii-:ird tliul lhc
('Uliillilill-Hiiilt’l' is wriltcii to stimu-
liill‘ ltll'ith’ illiil Stiltlt‘lilb‘ lio\\ (iill
llicy lllilliliill‘ \tlicii tlicy print
iiilsi' lit-aisuy‘ ilcins'! 'i‘licy «liiiin
lllill AMlA has lost [\to cts oi grill
clubs 'llic lruc Incl». iii'c as ioliows

wlicn i took oliicc \tc had two
scls. llilh vcar wc brought six ncw
scth' 'l hut nailtcs right In tlic AMlA
rooni ll(I\‘- wc havi- sctcii ~.ct>. \\llll
Hitt‘ scl .‘il'lit‘tl out That liliilit‘o
tl.'l||. ll o l‘ltlll t'llllillrx ciilil

l lccl that thc two cditors of tin-
('oiniiioii—Slatcr owc AMIA an apol-
ogy 1 also lc»i that. llic two cditors
lill,;lil guoi i..i.rc satisfaction in
ioiiun; and supporting sports at
t-Siiitc i’allicr than finding ouch llil:.~
lt‘utliil'; iliiiis with which ll lill up
Hjliii’t‘,

'l'lici‘ir if) ii,r.2ii‘ciil v liiIIii' 2,.oi'l.,-,.
manship to bc iouiid on a goli

i";|iiht' Hill] iii the keyboard oi a
Upt'Wi'ltil'.

'l'holnas A. Sullivan '58
l’rcsiilciit, AMIA

iiill.‘ ltl'ilkiill’.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MAY 2. 1958

 

 

 

0.K. Girlsi! Let's Go . . .

 

 

 

Gamma» g [6164 .

By SEYMOUR anti (‘AFARO

 

4- 'L

Thompson.

Against a foe I can myself defend.—
Biit Heaven protect me from a blundering friend!

NOW IS THE IIOL‘R

For what? Grappling with the main gripewwhat happened to the
cumulative lateness? Every now and again we go through the motions
for adding; some democratic bits to our large list of Residence Rules for
Wayward Women. The second large bee to bug the bonnet is wherein
lies the differentiation between the hours “privileges” allotted to the
classes. "flicy'rc so intent on graduating the underprivileges for the
classes that wethinks we‘ll be graduating before we get them equally
proportioned. Bttt, girls. it you're not satisfied, get thee to St. Rose
and be in by 7:30.
ANI) HERE'S MUD IN YOlZR EYE

Where. oh. where. were the verdant Freshmen? Or anybody else
for that matter? This was Moving-Up Day, 1957. But, now it is an-
other season and there is another reason for MUD. This year ﬁfty-five
Seniors are attending; MUD has to be a  Words-to—the-not-so-
wise: you may have missed SUD, but don't miss MUD—our biggest day
and our best tradition. You may want to be alone, Greta, but giVe
the world a break. huh? Wear that crew-hat or that beanie and parade
down the avenue—Western. that is. Let's not let Mud get sucked down
that by-now clogged Sargasso Sea of lost traditions.

But one BIG question. Why only morning ceremonies? It is Moving-
Up DAY, not Moving-Up MORNING! Why no singing, no skit, no
parties? MUD, not MUM. ‘
DIG ’I‘IIA’I‘ CRAZY PLAGIARISM

Papers are all i'or fools, you know. who burn the midnight oils.

My (lcadlincs all full years from now. I'll postpone all my toile

'l‘liis carefree iiie's divine!

No peptic ulcer» mine!

My No-Doze, dcars -all thine!

’l‘lic ax will lllll sonic day. I fear,
()n all oi us who scoil' and sheer
liiit plcasc do pass that warming l)l‘t‘l’,

To drive away the sorrow!

l'll think of it tomorrow!

Or maybe my roomiiiatc's borrow!

AI’RI'LS ('A Mi DELL‘GE
(irubbcd-P’i'oiii-'l‘hc-liubhish Dcpt.- the lollowing lettcr.
Huntington, N. Y.
'l‘o ilic i'catlci's oi tlic Nch:

Wc would likc to here and now repudiate the letter allegedly
attributcd to us which was printcd in this “newspaper” two
wccks ago. Wc would not cvcii L'Ullh’itlt'l' wrapping our giii'bagc
in ll, lct alonc praising ll. (him up daughtcr!

Mr and Mr». F
NOW SOMETHING i’OSI'I‘H'I'I

AND SOMIC'I‘IIING l'Nh‘lYB'i‘IAvI

Don't undci‘stand this column? i’ity!
DON‘T TELL A LIVING SOI'I.

Flihhli!!! No onc. but no oiic, is to know until MUD who the
i'cspcctivc |il‘l‘>il(l(‘llt.\ oi lhc rcspcctiic sororilics are. This is also thc
t‘ith'l‘ with class spciiki-i's. liiach _\l‘itl‘ Sludciit, Sciiatc m a closed, hush-
hush incl-ting, clccts u spcakcr to rcprcscnt cach class on MUD ~a gi'cait
honor and ncu-r to bc i'cvculcd! ()l coui'sc. everyone knows the ni'XL
day Solution st‘t'l'l't ballot. prcsidciit counting. So, until MUD, MUM'IS
thc \ioi'd iIiicidcnially. wc’d likc to congratulate lth. .JC. CS, J./i..
'l'V. SW. St}, and ll’.!i
ASK l'h' NO QI'ICH’I’IONS

ltcgisiration. (icsiulion
hard labor.

What's thc dill".l liolh takc months ol

 

College Calendar

FRIDAY. MAY 2

7:30 pm Kappa lictii l)iiinci'~l)aiici-, Atlliiiilii Club

0:00 pm Sigma liiillillillt Higiiia ioiiiial. b'liillit'l’ ltidgc.
SATURDAY. MAY ti

12:30 am l’lii liclia Alumni liuiiclicoii. Coach and Four.
0:00 pm "Roaring ’i‘wi-nlics" l‘ai'ty, liotci Corrine.

HI'NDAV. MAY ~l

 

9.30 am llillcl iii‘cukiast. ()iiiir Hlioloiii Synagogue
11.00 am. Kit picnic, 'i‘liai'hci' l’ttl'k, .
l2.th ain. Sit)“ picnic, 'l'liiichcr Park

1.45 pm. (iaiiiiiia Kap coii‘ce hour lor Varsity Club
2:00 pm. State iiiccts Sit-nu, Hawkins Htitilllllll.

7:00 li-lilv ChuHHIHi'. Club nicetiiig, Chaiming tiull.

THURSDAY. MAY 8
7:30 pin. "A Star is born" Draper 349.
litter-Vui'riily Christian li‘cllowship meeting, lirubaelier Hull-

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MAY 2. 1958

PAGE 3

 

 

7/te @pen Mimi

 

By ART PLOTNIK

Spring is here . . . why doesn’t

my heart go wandering?
SPRING

When the tempting warm nights
make hateful curfews even more
unbearable; when long afternoons
of softball make homework nights
sleepy and listless; when the sun
shines long enough for spring love—
lies to flee to forcign lovelands;
when overheated bodies make tin-
sightly stains on unseemly sacks;
when the weather is irrcproachable
and only friends are left degradable;
when the sizzling tubes of sun that
shine across the room and fall in
blinding squares of black and white
upon the empty leavus of textbooks
singe cvery muscle in thc hurting
eye; when windows opened to re-
invigorate a cigaretth i'ooiii bring
only bugs and heat and dust from
every playi‘icid in the world and
wind that givcs no plcasantncss to
papers piled neatly on the sticky
chairs of perspiring lounges: when
lips that should be wiiitcr-ripc for
biting chattcr intcrminably about
the Paris springtime shocs being
bought i'or icct that iiican to drag
gi'cat clumps of mud across the
dusty rugs ol' lovclcss daterooms
whch hopeless piles oi books are
being coddlcd by sterile arms oi
thosc afraid to catch the very anti-
:icadcmic cpidcinic of spring fever:
when the grcat outdoors makes thc
school haven a heated Hadcs; when
too much is happening at no parti-
cular timc; when it‘s too warm:
whcn it‘s no fun; whcn it's dcprcss—
ing; when it's miscrablc; when it's
lousy; wlicii suinnicr ncvcr comes;
when wintcr never was . . . thcn.
spring is here, and a young man's
you-know—what turns to plcasant
thoughts of dying in ii refrigerated
closet

POCKET REVIEWS

Ken Kailet announced last Sun—
day that the S.l.‘.lii. jam. concerts
would be an annual affair. Good——
by all means, let it be so. There arc
a few suggestions I would make,
however, that ii' heeded would at"-
i'ect the derivation of maximum en-
tertainment values from the events:

Last Sunday's concert was too
long—cven for a jam. enthusiast like
myself. Though the quality of the
music was on it perpetual rise. a
glance around the audience proved
decisively to me that enthusiasm was
rapidly declining during the sceond
half oi' thc two-hour program. The
group was first—I'atc, and thc new
vocal uuartct splashcd betwecn
clusters oi' instrumentals was rc-
l'rcshing. cherthelcss, any amatcur
group that dominates ninety pcr
ccnt oi' two hours before an un-
oi'icntcd crowd cannot cscapc tlic
talons of audience disinterest. I
would suggest the Sunday cnscinbli-
plus another contrasting group, or
tlic same ensemble with an hour—
and-l'ii'tccn-minutc time limit.

Not only could ilii- in»Irumciil.;il
izioup llil\'t' uscd il good iiiici'oplionc.
hui alm thi- "Quartci in a Quand—
ary" initth ha\c abandoncd tlicir
scorch lust wcck ioi' :i Iiuiiic and
i-oiicciiti‘utcd oii morc voliiinc it
was a sliaiiii- ilmi lilil\ lmll oi lllt'
iiiiiliciicc colild iii-:ii' ilic i'icliiicss
and l)t‘iilll\ cl tlic "Four l"l'l'hlllliiill"
l\pi- oi sound lllt“l‘ icllows produci-
’l‘licy arc lciips and bounds .iliciul iii
any othcr popular vocal :ci'oup I‘Vc
ctci' llt‘ill'il iii llic ill'i'd (mi oi lotti‘
or-lighilul iuiiiibci's last Sunday, only
tilil‘ h.ul chord was audihlc llicii
lit"-.l*lii'lit i it was llllltil'llllliill‘, but
by no iiiciiiis t;it.il Homc pi'c—

L. G. BALFOUR

I“l'lttt‘l‘lllty Jewelry

 

liadgcs. Steins, Rings

chcli‘y, Gifts, Favors

Stationcry, Programs
Club l’ins, Kcys
iVlcdals, ’l‘i'opliics

I'Nivicltsi'i‘v no. nuiti.
17l Marshall Street
Syracuse it). New York

on 5-7337

(‘arl Soreiison, Mgr,

 

 

arranged instrumental backing and
much more practice on making their
gestures seem more natural could
do this otherwise silky—smooth
group no harm.

If you missed State's Bill Gard-
ner and John Griffin in last week's
Civic Theatre performance of “Ab.
Wilderness," consider yourself at
somewhat of a loss. Both were mag-
nificent. It would be nice to see
Gardner in less of a type role than
he has been playing— the loud-
mouthed extrovert — although his
excellence in this type demands no
immediate change. Griffin, how—
ever, showed a handsome change
from a Sarnyan happy-go—lucky
tvpe to the O'Neill thin-faced aes-
thetic youth. Lou Urbano, the man
who prints the PRIMER, DIREC-
TORY, and a few otiicr State pub-
lications, played a very complete
minor role in the same production.

Math Honorary
Holds Banquet;
Installs Officers

Wednesday evening at its second
annual banquet. Kappa Mu Epsilon,
New York Beta. the honorary ina-
thematics fraternity, initiated new
members and installed officers for
next year.

New Members

’Ihosc initiated into membership
were: Warren Edwards, Grad; La-
Vcrne Libbcrt '58; Roland Miiich
and Peter Blomerly, Juniors: Wil—
ini Andersun, Robert Austin. Jcrold
Bisron, Harriet Dent, Incsc Phyllis
Englc, Inese Klaviiis. Robert Obinc.
Janice Sheldon. Carol Shelly and
Elizabeth Wager. Sophomores.

installation of Officers

Th» following were installed as
officers: Prcsidcnt. Robert Wiggin;
Vlt‘t‘—Pl‘(’sl(l('llt. George Harris; Rev
cordin; Sci-rctai'y, Barbara Thiclc;
'i'iczisui'cr. Kurt Niclscn. All arc
Juniois. Robert Luippold. Assistant
Professor of Mathematics, was
sworn in as Recording Secretary.

 

94W allow/ct

 

Sororities on State’s campus are
planning a number of activities for
the month of May.

Kappa Delta

Charlotte Norton '58. President,
reports that the sorority will install
the newly elected officers for next
year at this Monday's meeting.

Gamma Kappa. Phi

Monday at 8:45 pm. a coffee hour
will be held for the Varsity Club,
states Judy Swan '58, President.

Beta Zeta

According to Sally Harter ‘58.
Prcsident, tentative plans have been
rnadc for a picnic to be held at
Thatcher Park, May 24.

Saturday work parties were set up
to begin preparing the newly pur-
chased house for next seni-stcr.
I’lii l)clta

Toincrrcw Phi Delta wl'l h')id an
Alumnae Luncheon at t'ie Coach

 

W,

and Four at 12:30 pm. Patricia
Gearing '58, President, states that
a tea at the sorority house will fol-
low the luncheon.

Sigma Alpha

Two freshmen and two Sopho-
mores were pledged last Monday, re-
ports Marlene Ferner ’59, President.
They are June Haack. Pauline Oat-
hout, Mildred Boyd, and Donna
Hampkei‘.

I’si Gamma

President Patricia Kennedy an-
nounces the initiation of Janet
Crumb '61. A coffee hour will be

held for Potter Club Monday at
8:30 pm. at the sorority house.

Tomorrow is Parents' Day for Psi
Gamma. Entertainment with re-
ireshments will be held at 2 pm. in
the sorority house. At 4 pm. there
will be a banquet at O'Connor‘s in
Albany to conclude the day.

 

on every puck...your

 

light into that

You get a more
effective ﬁlter 
on today’s L&M

look for the potent nunibercu- a a...” xy, #1 m inauw

assurance that you are getting
l‘M's exclusive ﬁltering adion

  

till

FlLTERS

 

 

line“! I M'IHU VUIACCOCO.

‘/ 4414/ 1/ /mmmm fwd/y («I'm/ﬂ
ﬁv‘ﬂuu (Ii/lain}; yruru/uurmu/II /I//u.

Put yourself behind the [)let

 You'll be Sillth on 10p OFth world when you change to lli‘M

Best tastin’ smoke you’ll ever ﬁnd!

isuro end of an 1AM. Get the ﬂavor, the
lull i‘lt'll taste oi the Soutliland's iinost Cigarette tobacc0s. The patented
Miracle 'l‘ip is pure while inside, pure white outside, as a filter

should be for cleaner, better smoking.

 

  
    
   

Mutts Litioirr'i & Mreas Tori/two Lfo.

 

 

 

