 

PAGE 4

 

From This Vantage Point:

Frosh Can Turn Tide
For Varsity Soccer Team

By JIM DOUGHERTY

Spirit! Spirit! Spirit! It seems that the Class of 1962
really has this vital quality, as was witnessed at this year’s
Freshman Weekend.

There were several innovations this year; boys on
campus, orientation meetings, a co-ed outing and several
others. There was also something extra—spirit, and for
this the Class of 1962 deserves all the credit.

The frosh had the spirit and, equally important, the
talent to beat the counselors in their annual softball battle.
Behind the leadership of John Pavelka, the Bluejays
dumped the upperclassmen to the tune of 7-3. They then
went on to tie against the “always powerful" faculty team.
Dr. Lemmon pitched a nice game, but the Bluejays had
too much power and great backing from their cheering
section.

Spirit And Talent Equals Victory

All this leads us to believe that the upsetting factor
for this hardly organized group was spirit. Followers of
any college sports will tell you that with enough backing
from the student body a good team can become an excellent
one

 

  

Coach Joe Garcia says that his soccer team will have
the best chances for its rough schedule if it has a ready
group of followers. The Class of 1962 not only has this
ready and spirited group, it also has several outstanding
players on the varsity squad. We are sure that as soon
as the frosh become aware of their own potential this
potential will be realized.

From The Sports Desk: Everybody should be active
in Sports this year. Coach Hathaway and Gus Tillman
have embarked on a great expanded AMIA program and
we are sure that it will do a lot of good for the spirit of
the school. . . . Dan Labeille does as well on the soccer
ﬁeld as he does doing pantomine . . . the soccer team should
have a wining season under co-captains Gus Tillman and
Lou Del Signore.

PREDICTION: Frosh over the Sophs in traditional
rivalry. Frosh should have things all wrapped up even
before campus night.

..,...m.«rwmm~wnmammn— .

177, ..,;. ".3 “.4.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 19. 1958

wmmwmmiMmeq.e...,.0......m v

Opportunities For Freshmen Coach Sauers
In Intramurals And Rivalry Schedules

Another school year has come to
State College, bringing with it
falling: leaves, rainy foggy days.
classes, freshmen, and very impor—
tant, freshman in sports.

This appears to be an excep—
tional freshman class insofar as
sports are concerned. Several fresh
have already impressed upperclass-
men and the coaches with their
potentialities. However, it is not the
outstanding, varsity-prone fieshman
to whom this article is a:‘.:lr:s ed.

Here at State Col ere we have -
variety of seasonal sports “Ilif h the
AMIA and the WAA supervise The
fieshman who fear; that h‘s abili-
ties are not on a par vixh \arsity
players, but who just likes it) play,

mm ran/i em

 

can always i'a:'tici;:a'.e in than
sports.

Perhag: LTCZi more im:ortar.t, at
the moment, than intra-mural
sports, are the rivalry events. Ai-
most anyone who really wants to
participate in these sports Will have
a chance, There are also several
opportunities for those who prefer
to participate on the managerial
and organizational side.

Many believe that the future
star athelees of iIilf'. school are
discovered during Ri'ro‘i'y entl iZIl
one can doubt the trn h in this
statement. Hewever. we believe that
the stars of intramural sports—
a,‘ important as Vars t; lettermen
“are discovered (luring this period.

ﬂaaadege

4 _,

     



This picture depicts some of the co-educational sports activity that

took place at Frosh Weekend.

Dave Youst, Mens Director, seems to

have won the affections of the girls from the 3rd floor of Bru.

Fall Tryouts

Coach Richard Sauers announces
that there will be fall baseball prac-
tice this year. These preliminary
tryouts will be held from September
2.4 to 27.

All men who expect to play in
the spring are requested to come
out now. Freshmen and other new
candidates should sign the list post-
Nl in Mr. Saurrs' office. Practice
wil be held from 3:33 to 5:30 pm.
t.ery day. Mr. Sauers will excuse
to lateness because he feels it is
utter to show up late than never.
(a tains Announced

The captains of the varsity base-
ball team for the 1958 season have
alse recently been announced. Ray
Hover, a Senior from Howes Cavern
and Wes Brown from Chathaun will
.L’dd t..e Peds in the spring. Ray will
lie the regular second baseman and
Wes Brown will alternate between
first Lase and the mound.

 

HAVE
BREAKFAST

at the
SNACK
BAR

Open at 9:30 a.m.

 

 

 

I A PURE WHITE MODERN FILTER
: /3 ONLY THE BEGINNING OFA WINSIUN

L_.__________________.____

 

 

 

 

_______I

It's what's up front that counts

 
 
  
 

 
 

I u: If HA8N"l’ GOT if ‘
1‘ .  HERE  

I'I' HASN l
GOT IT!

     

Winston

puts its

 

[ FILTER-BLEND?

 

A. .. . 4

up front...fine, flavorful
tobaccos, specially processed
for filter smoking

  
   

    
 
  
 
 
 

If.) HEYMOLD3
TUUALCO (.U.
WINSTON-5ALlMiﬂ-C.

WINSTON TASTES
 LIKE/l C/GMEITE SHOULD}

 

 

  

All In The Game:

Potter, SLS
Eye Title

By JACK LEWIS

.I’

With the opening of the new year all eyes will soon
turn to Beverwyck ﬁeld to view the struggle for the intra-
mural football title. Before the season gets under way we
would like to look over the top teams to estimate how they
stack up in the forthcoming race.

Potter Club Confident

Potter Club, the title holder of last year again looks

like the team to beat. With Harry Millet, last season‘s
halfback being the only loss, the Club should be able to
field one of its strongest teams. Returning quarterback,
Tom Brierly will again be calling the plays with assistance
from Owen Davis who took the reins last year after Brierly's
in ur .
J lilou Call, the acting captain and halfback, reports that
the remaining positions have not been definitely ﬁlled but
that there is much talent, both old and new, for the Club
to choose from. Mike Maxiam, returning after a year's
absence should again prove to be a stalwart lineman, as
in previous years. Al Jaquays will again be a tough man
to get through, and Al Hayes, Skip Gebhardt and Charlie
Kane will be aiming to recover their berth on the line.
Ross Daley again seems to be a good bet for end position
as does Bob Costello who gained recognition with the
Ridge Runners. Don Nolan is reported to be a smooth
man in the backfield and should prove to be and asset
to the squad this year.

With everything considered, Potter Club seems to be
in a good position to dominate the scene again and can
probably be expected to work from their usual T—formation.
Strongr and Hopeful

The powerful SLS squad, which challenged Potter
Club for the title last season will again be a team to
watch as they go back for revenge. Captained this year
by Bud Baker. the South Lakemen expect. to put up a
strong ﬁght despite the loss of some of last year's regulars.

Assisting SLS quarterback, Ed Vesneske will be Ed
Whaien, who piloted the almost all-i‘i‘osh team from Sayies
Hall last year. From the same ranks SLS has acquired
Paul Harris who will hold down an end position, and Pete
Spina of baseball fame will also add strength to the squad.
Ron Adams will head the list of veterans returning to
the line. Judging from the line-up thus far SLS should
again make a high bid for the title.

Football, Volleyball Begins;
Tennis, Archery Are Planned

With the opcninu ol the new intercollegiate bowling will begin be-
rear, AMIA is l't'.\.lliillll‘_', operations tore the intramurais. All interesch
with full force (ills ’I‘iilmnn, Ilic t'itll(II(I.iIi‘S should contact Cliilt’Il
newly appointed president an— lilitIlthiU' before Monday. Sept. 2:!
nounces the I)l’!_’liiiilllii oi the new 111 order that roll-oil's can be or-
|)l'l)LLl'illll. (It‘lllit‘ii 1o brin; :i‘ioui ranged as soon as po-slhle.
more l):!‘ll.'l|);itl(ill hr the under-

 

 

 

 

 

graduotcs m AMlA sports With this

aim ill \ Aw. :\.\ll.~\ sctnis to n» all F, I‘ P
on ll win I\\'lil'.I «'illlijmluil  3  
l'opllnill and lourncrs ‘ l‘ I 5:: N. Lake Ave.

I an: or the iniiunnuul ’ioo >.l‘.I NH“. Washington Ave
Ilil'ltl‘» .i'c comjilttcd and .ill .n- ‘ ‘
llt‘ljlltillh or.- \\cl-omc Fiuzivnp 73 BARBILRS
slit: [s oil I)" po li‘iI or. III" AMIA We Aim To please
I)llIIi'Ilil ward and all [t'itlil and
captalizs .nu I be It"l?yIl'lt'lI in .‘lon
dnv

Ihe torn)» and “when ci-lliusi
nhlr.\\iIII)t'!1IutI [.l Ili'iil [Ilill tour.
imnicnls \'.lII no“ I)!‘ t'vili.ill(l ‘i ll! °
Iiolli of [Ill'rit‘ .l‘ |l\lllt‘: I'l‘llill‘l‘ o
noliiuniion oi IIII‘I‘ loninl-is \\iIi
soon be when ’l'i-ni.ui\c plans for .i

. i ,, I1} ‘ Ii
hills 'LHIil'ill-illl lf-'.ii./.ll ' " m Wm ONTARIO um! MINsuN

Ill “t‘IVLIII' lii‘.\.iiii liu :- immli‘tl  
3] win“). 4 tuIIMImII It'll‘lil' \nll In
I‘lllll‘tI on IIlt‘ oinc Il.i>l‘~ .u~~ llu‘  d
illIl.lilllll.lI lu‘illmli limnxii par 
Iltlg'dlilili ill both >poii, 1;, it“;

IllIIIIl‘il lil tiliII'l to blow will .i with] 
.iiio_\ mi IilIl'III g

IiHII~I1Il:-. In] IIH‘ livrhlli. utillJII ("urge Flam“ for You”

\\lll I)l' III'ItI IIIIIIIllIl.lIII\ :..,.c lin-

()I'ICN SUNDAYS

I I'.M. - 8 l'.l\l.

MAYFLOWER

730i) (‘cntral Avc. Albany

 

 

 

L .7 F is: A F: 

seam  an menses

Alldlfzmm

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 19. 1958

PAGE 5

Soccer Squad Prepares For Opener;

 Freshmen Hop

Albany's 1958 edition of the var-
sity soccer squad under the tutalage
of Joe Garcia and co-captained by
Seniors Gus Tillman and Lou Del-
signore will undergo its ﬁrst test to-
morrow at an intersquad scrimmage
at Bleeker Stadium. The match will
put a crew of spirited freshmen and
newcomers against the returning
men who will spearhead th: varsity
club in the coming campaign.

Coaching the frosh in this match
will be the regular varsity mentor.
Garcia, while Eddie Jones, new JV
coach who had four years of soc—
cer under the direction of Garcia.
will coach the. regular. Jones is
doing graduate work at the College.
Lose Miller, [Tpcrafi

One of the big blows to the

‘7.

WHAT HAPPENED (‘()l'l\'SlCL()RS‘??
victory over counselors at Frosh Weekend. This was the prelude to

7-3
a 4-4 tie against the faculty.

By DAVE MILLER.

squad will be the loss of Merle
Miller, a starting freshman and key
man in last season‘s crusade. The
talented sophomore was lost for
the season when he broke his jaw
in an auto accident in the late
part of the summer. He joined Lee
Upcraft on the disabled list after
the doctors expressed doubt that
Upcraft, a junior of two year's e‘c-
pcrience. would be able to play this
season after suffering a broken leg
last October.

One of the. most encoi'raging
turnouts of freshmen in recent years
may help to offset this lo.~s. how-
ever. as no less than nineieen of
the beanie-men appeared for prac-
tice this week. Some show the
type of play which may net them

9

meme?»

 A“ 

“W

 

l’rosh score another run in

efuIs To Bolster Team

a spot on the varsity eleven when
the squad opens a week from to-
morrow at Bleeker; included in this
are such people as Russ Knights. a
Bayshore. L.I. boy who was named
to the Suffolk County all-scholastic
team for the last two years, and
Dan Labeille, a potential forward
who learned his soccer in France.

Managers Needed

The one sorry spot in this picture
is not on the playing field but in
the administrative end—the “front
office"—where there is great need
for a crew of four people or so to
take care of the work entailed in
putting the team on the field. Any-
one who may be interested in this
type of work-managing or publicity
weis strongly urged to contact this
reporter (Dave Miller) or someone
connected with the athletic depart-
ment immediately after reading this
article.

The squad will travel to Williams
College in Williamstown. Ma sathu-
setts. on Monday for a 501117111131:
in preparation for the opener at
Bleeker on Saturday. September 27.
The Saturday opener will be the
ssccitd meeting of State with Fair-
iCliIi Dickincn Co'leee of New Jer-
 an attinp: at revenge for the
2—1 loss at FDU's hands last sea-
son. and an opportunity for the
fans of State to make treck of a
few short blocks to Bleeker to show
their support of a ball club which
may be one of the best at State in
many years.

 

Felicia’s Beauty Shop

53-A No. Lake Ave.
New Washington Ave.)
"JIMlVfY"—Haii' Stylist

Telephone 3-9749

 

 

Welcome ’62

 

 

 

SAVE on TEXTBUUK

10% Discount

for Cash or Check
from Sep 1‘. 1 8-24

  co-o

Hours: 8:45 am. to 4230 p.111. Muir-Fri.

“:00 am. to l'lziiti pm. Sat.

 

 

_._.__. - ____..._._—.———-—-—.._._.

 

