 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. APRIL 25. 1958

PAGE 6

 

Commerce Club 1

J/aude Jerald To Participate
__ In Conference

Former State students are re— Jack's at 1:30 p.m., according to

turnin to our campus this weekend Patricia Corcoran ’58, President. . ' ‘
to be ghonored at sorority alumnae Class speakers for the banquet are ence Will take place at Biubachei
luncheons. Five sororities plan 111- Marie Dettmer ’58, Carol Stanton Han tomorrow, according to Sally

umnae luncheons.

 

 

- 7 . .
Tomato” 61' of the conference is "Business Edu-

Delta
Kappa cation Today and Tomorrow."

Charlotte Norton ’58, President of Gamma Kappa. Phi
Kappa Delta. announces that there An alumnae reunion will be held 7
W111 be an alumnae lunCheOn at tomorrow at the University Club at Speaker
Farnham's, Chapel Street, tomorrow 1 pm” announces Judy Swan, Pres-
at 1 Pill Lorraine Lama '60 15 ident. After the luncheon.a business
Chairman or the event: meeting will be held at the house. A. TONIC.

Psi Gamma

President Patricia Kennedy '58 ..
states that the following girls were 0f the amm-
pledged on March 31: Barbara Clapp Beta Zeta
and Marian Garguil, both fresh- . , _. . i I ‘ ' _
men. and Connie Orapello ’60. Beta zeta 501mm] 15 havng ‘1 £01100!“ to the Damon-
Chi Sigma Theta stairs dining room of Jack’s Oyster

Chi Sigma Theta is holding an House tomorrow at 12:30 p.m., ac- _
alumnae luncheon tomorrow at cording to Sally Harter ‘58, PreSl- l'essional articles.

dent. Mary Jean Cosentino '58 will
DE Sponsors

internationally known

current and future problems in bus-

be Senior speaker. The sorority of— Activities
ficers for the year 1958—59 will be
installed by Miss Harter. Lynn Bee-
raft ’59. Alumnae Secretary, is

Pi Cumgu Pi will begin the ac—
tivitles of the day with it coffee
hour at 9 am At 10:30 am. dis-
cussion groups concerned with prob-

Commerce Club’s annual confer- lift '70 times its weight ‘an '
pliant can lift-one-halt its weigh

an ant cannot lift an elephant!
' ' ‘ c v ? From the
.59' Nancy Lo“ Ryan 60‘ and Lomse Van Scoy '60. President. The theme saggwpagglftismggfs 1g?th history:
A DAR dowager telling about her
Revolutionary War ancestor who
ran a. bar near Boston: “He poured
the shot heard round the world."

P046“; 00% 74¢ 8W

By MARI’I‘ JENTOFT-NILSEN

similar to our staid College Gnus.

Despite the fact that an ant c
d an ele-

The guest speaker is Dr. Herbert Exam Time I
From the Telnpo. Chicago Teach-
-  H . Ye find these very “dif-
At this time, the actives will serve Professor of Education at New York iéivgillleae “ l

a “33' Grace Nesmtt '6013 in Charge University. Dr. Tonne will discuss (.xnm;

which brought him big profits.

“Pretty soon." he recalled. “I was
coloring my lambs pink. blue, yel-
low. green, lavender and turquoise,
and you know—

"NOW. I‘M THE BIGGEST
LAMB DYER IN THE STATE OF
TEXAS."

Well, we thought it was funny.

A columnist for the University

questions for :1 Psychology of Cincinnati News Record noted a

sign she saw on a. Volkswagen

1. Little Sum has a small sister. which said. “This Volkswagen was

hilc serving?

Here‘s one way to decide what to
do ll"(‘0l'(lllll.',' to the Collegio, Killi-

N Y k T ' chairlnan of the event.
ew   lelns such as administration and 5”" 5W1" Vl'i‘m’m'rs Comm”

A u 29 supervision of business education.
Dl‘ '

ucation Club is sponsoring a field
trip to the National Headquarters

Leuffen ’57, President of the Club.
During the visit students will have The Statesmen will leave for New Committees
the opportunity to observe many York tomorrow at 8 am. to smg for
different phases of the company’s the annual luncheon of the NYSCT Chan-“mm of the conference cum-
business such as advertising. dis- Alumni (New York Branch), which mitwes are; Ema-nay publicity. E1-
play. office routine. selling and buy- will be held at Stoufiler‘s on 42nd enum- Beers;
“13 beehmques and dumes 0f the sm'eu- Doris Hischc; Programs, Kathleen
company as a national headquarters.

Sold one student to the other:

0
the Dism‘ibume Ed   the beginning business teacher, it's heads. we go to bed. if it‘s tails.
testing and evaluation. and a high we stay up. If it stands on edge. we
school panel will form. A luncheon study."

I
of the J. C. Penny Company in New I N Y  f _ I ' I l I ' ‘ I
- ‘  Will be selved db 12.30 pm. Di. “0", Anuoch . H
York City, announces Ferdinand n e  I y Tome Speaks at 1:30 pm. The Antioch 001mg“ Rewm W-
portcd this interesting incident:

A French poodle recently captur—
ed 405 votes and ran tlllrd ill
student council election lit the Uni— mllwl the“
,.  - versin of British Columbia. Tile 4 ~' ' . ‘
Imunal Pubmm' dog was entered as "Kiki Graham" Statistical Chief Will Speak

' ' 'l  . . ~ . . _ by a student who wanted to prove . ‘
Arte! me lum’heon, the men W” 00655er and Lmdd Mawm' Lu“ that voters do not investigate the l)i: Dr. James DaVidson, head of the

‘ - ~ - — .i ' ' attend ' matinee. Before -.-; u ' :1, Sum _ ,
Students Will be guests at a lunch s ghtsee 01 a cheon. Malg lltt ODonnt l ] o background of candidates.

can given by the company. returning to Albany. the statesmen mums; Name Tags and Registration,
Last year the Distributive Educa- will meet for dinner and informal June Devore '61, “my Arrangements,

tion Club sponsored trips to Sak's singing. The engagement was re- Brian Quinn '60, and Ralph 5mm

Fifth Avenue, the New York Stock quested and planned by the Alumni '59.

Exchange and others which proved Association. Interest and co-opera-

to be most interesting enjoyable. tion of students, faculty and ad-

I 1.
University:

A man had n Stllilll farm in the Russia to
Students interested in these ses— middle of the panhandle with just (LE. He w
' a few sheep and one tiny his wife. and obsei'v

Here's ll twist on an old
ruin the Niagara Index.

iness education that are of vital One. day he grabbed her doll and made in dB]. Black Forest by as].
He is me chopped it till) in thke inealt-grilncgflr. elves,»
' I I ' Ps 'eholo-‘ica ' Siea mg. toes i e
Immheon f0! ms alumnae m the up Humor or several well-known be“- Saln dislike his lsister or is he lne— mm?
books and has written several pro- chummny inclined? -
2. Do you think it was right for
Mrs. Murphy to wring out the over-
ulls before she served the chowder
or should she have left them
w

Clever little characters. uren't

Math Society
Plans Banquet

Kappa Mu Epsilon, the honorary

~11 mathematics society. announces its

second animal banquet. The affair
will be held Wednesday at 6:30 pm.
at the Albany University Club.
Jeanne Merritt ’58. is Banquet
Chairman.
Officers To Re Installed

A: the banquet the newly elected
officers will be installed. The new
members of the society will be ill—
also.

Tnc speaker for the banquet will

statistical methods section of the

tale General Engineering Labs at Gell-
Nlagaru l‘l'lil Electric. Dr. Davidson has re-

cently returned from a trip to Soviet

which he was sent by
ill talk on his experiences
iltions of this trip. Slides

' ‘ . " in‘ 'ation have made the 21))6211'- sions are invited to attend any ol I , t . V y
and benchmal exDeHence to the m ls“ H While dyeing some bedspreads blue, which he took. Will also be shim“-

students who participated. ance possible. all of the events of the day.

 

 

 

 

 

...vou CAN’TTELLTHE '4 ﬂ   ”
GLADIATORS WITHOUT A i g .
PROGRAM 1/

 

w” ,,o gouuos
mIOT‘EﬁLgtE CARTHAGINIAN

H

V FRANK APOLLO

.AD lN THIS CORNER
FRANKIE APOLLO!

«‘

 

 

 

 

 

 

(FRANKIE is

H TALKlNGTO J WlNSTO /
 ' THE

TASTES ooool
. CARTHAGINIAN} I
., I... I . I _ "

 

 

 

 

 

 

\\

CIGARETTE
SHOULD . 
 J ,

MT

 

 

YOU DlG
lHAi FULL
RICH it/WOP,
CARTH?
JMAN, | ’MLAN
. lit/ti ll’b‘ int;
05 * QRtAIt-clg/

 

R J NLVNOLDS IODALLO C0,.
WINSTON'SALLM NC.

‘ .

This interesting little item caught had a little lamb fall into the

our eye in RIT Retarder, an issue bucket of dye. A passmg motorist
spying the lamb with the blue fleece

an stopped and offered $50.00 for it.
So the Texan figured he had stum-
t bled onto a good thing and colored
' lnore of his lambs with blue dye

 

Philanthropic Senate Grants
Three Organizations $1,000

By RICHARD KENDALL

Our college has a Student Senate.
They meet every week. This week
they met in Brubacher Hall. The
meeting began at 7:30 pm. Before
the meeting the Senate sang a song.
They sang “Happy Birthday" to
Senator Gladysewicz. It was her
birthday. John Yager opened the
meeting. John is President of Stu-
dent Association.

Business

The Student Senate has an order
of business. The first order of busi-
ness is roll call. The secretary call-
ed the roll. Most of the Senators
were there. Some of them were not.
Stuart Nock was not there. The sec-
retary said: “This is his third un—
excused absence." Senators cannot
have three unexcused absences. He
might be removed from the Senate.

The next order of business is the
minutes. Minutes are the record of
the previous lneeting. The Senate
must approve the minutes. This

Music Council
To Present
ConcertMay9

Music Council's Annual Spring
Concert will be presented next Fri-
day. announces Barbara McGaugh
'58. President. The concert will be—
gin in Page Hall at 8 pm.
Program

Directors of the concert are
Charles Stokes. Professor. and Karl
A. B. Peterson. Associate Professor
of Music. The program includes
selections perforlned by the College
Orchestra. the Statesman. the Chor—
ulettes. the String Ellseinble. and
the Collegiate Singers.

Selections

Selection frolll Tcliaikowsky, Sas-
llik. and Offenbach will be played
by the College Orchestra. The
Woman's Chorus will feature se-
lections by Liszt, Schulnan and
Greig'. Pieces by Gunod, Fol'syth
and Andrews will be sung by the
statesmen. The Chorallettes are
singing selections from Taylor. Ty-
son. and Scott.

Additional Pieces

A Mozart Quintet will be featured
by tile String Ensemble. The Quin-
tet members include Herbert How-
lird. Thomas Nortoll. Lem Sterle
and Christine Bel'key, frerlllnen, and
William Kleinllomer  Included
ill tile numbers to be performed by
the Collegiate Singers are pieces by
Bush. Muscuglll. and Medelssohll.
l-‘inal Number

“()llwilrd. Ye Peoples" by Sibelius
will be the concluding nulllbcr of the
concert it will be performed by the
entire Festival Chorus and Orches—
ti‘u.

lillrball'il Sampler. Mlll’l‘t‘llllt.‘ Wag—
gout-l. and George liurrls. Juniors.
will be ucconlplunsts.

Students, their friends, and the
Albany pllblic are invited to attend
the concert. as guests of Music
Council. The Spring Concert will
be Music (Youilcil's llnlll presenta-
tion for this school year.

Music Council is currently work-
illg on the guest ilrtlst pl'ogl‘lun for
next year.

Ped Offers
Staff Positions

The 1950 l’rdltgogiie ls lookilig for
:uldlllons to its staff. Responsible
poslllons on the stuff of the book are
open ulld ready lo be filled by any
Stutc College student who meets
the rcquircincnls.

Requirements

The requirements are fcw. one in
tttct applicants must have taken
English 1A. 1“I'U.‘.‘\lllllilll (lolliposltion.
The Work

'lhe job clltulls collecting facts
and or writing copy describing the
\‘ul'lolls oi'gulnmlloiis, cicnts, iiilll
activities taking jlucc on rumpus
during 1050.

Six Needed

A stuff including six persons is
what the l’cdagoguc is looking for.
Anyone who is interested should
contact Marion Brown ‘60, Literary
Editor of the book, through Stu—
dent Mail or ill person.

 

week the Senate approves the min-
utes. The Senate approves the min-
utes every week. They made one
change. Then they approved the
minutes The secretary types the
inlnl‘tes. Sometimes the minutes are
long. They are long because the
meetings are long.

Senator Levin introduced fl bill.
This bill is an amendment to the
Constitution. The Constitution of
Student Association. The amend-
ment is to take away the average
requirements for the officers of the
Student Association. The persons
who run for these offices now must
have an average. The average must
be 2.5. If the amendment is passed
they won't need any average. Just
votes.

Money!

The Seliate went to the next
thing on the agenda. The next thing
was money. The Senate gave away
$1000.00. They gave it to needy 0r-
ganiations. One needy organization
was the Pedagogue. The Senate gave
them $700.00. The money is for col-
ored pictures. Colored pictures will
be pretty iii the Pedagogue. Another
needy organization was Myskania.
Myskanla needed keys. They also
needed cups and gowns. They also
needed miscellaneous. The Student
Senate gave them $296.00. Myskzlnia
will be pretty ill their caps and
gowns. Music Council was needy
too. They needed $72.00. They need
it for the Spring Concert. The Stu-
dtllt Senate gave them $72.00. The
Spring Concert will be pretty too.
Myskic And Keys

Next the Senate discussed a bill.
This bill was from the Finance
Committee. Its purpose was to give
Keys to Myskania. No other organ-
l7iiLlDll can have keys. Some Sena-
tors wanted to know why Myskania
should have keys. Other Senators
wanted to know what the purpose
of Myskaiiia is. John Yager said
that Myskanill is a vely important
organization. Connie Olivo said
they were ll tradition. Jinn Watson
said there would be no Myskilliia
without keys. Grace Nesbitt said
something too. Winnie Youngs said:
“Does MVSkillllll need a crutch?"
Connie Olivo said: “No. Just keys."
Many Senators talked. They gave
their opinions of Myskallia. Tlleii
gave keys to Myskaniu. Myskllniil
will be pretty ill their keys.

The Student Senate discuSScd ID
cards. There will be ID cards next
year. They will not have pictures.
They will not be laminated. They
will lie IBM cards. They will be
pci‘ioi‘iitcd. They will be punched.
They will ilot be pretty.

The Senate considered reconsider-
ing tile llivillry bill. They had puss—
:~d lllc bill last week. They recoil-
sldcrt d ll Then they tabled discus-
sion. 'l‘o next week. The meeting
lldjolll'lled

Program See/<5

Student Guides

Students may bcg.n signing up for
the full phase of the Student Guides
Program this week, announce
Charles Fowler and Donna Harris.
Sophomores, and Co-cliaii'lncll.

Big Brother. Big Sister

The program. better known as the
big Brother uild Big Sister plan, is
orgulurcd this your so that no in—
tel-views are necessary. Representat-
tires have been assigned lll each
group house on campus.

Students living ill group houses
are asked to check the bulletin
bolll‘d ill lllt‘ll' house to sec who
their lcpl-escntutlvc is. ulul zilso see
“ill”. will be l'cqlill'cd ot them as
big bi'otllci's or sister:

Notice. l'ostcd

’l‘llosc students who do not live iii
group liollm‘i, urc requested to look
at the notice which is posted on
the Student Personnel Bulletin
liolli'li. Cards on display should
then be lilled out by those who are
interested. They should be. returned
lll ill the Student Personnel Office.

it is asked that only students who
do not live ill a dormitory on campus
use this method for signing up.

(me of the main duties of u big
brother or big sister is to did the
incoming freshmen by telling them
of college life. This is done by ch~
tcrs and personal contact

State Colleg

 

News

 

 

2—463

ALBANY. NEW YORK. FRIDAY. MAY 2.

1958

VOL. XLlll NO. 13

 

Kappa Beta, Sigma Lambda Sigma
Dine, Dance, Party And Picnic

The Wellington will be crowded this weekend. Two fraternities are holding their
annual Spring Weekends beginning tonight, announce James Lorrichio and Ronald
Pryor, Seniors and Presidents of Kappa Beta and Sigma Lambda Sigma.

KB Dinner Dance

KappaBeta will begin its formal weekend with a lobster-pot roast dinner tonight
at the Aurania Club, 7:30 pm. At about 8:30 pm. the new ofﬁcers will be formally
installed; dancing will begin at 9 pm.

Alumni Meeting and Elections

The Incorporated Alumni of Kappa Beta will hold their annual meeting and elec-
tions tomorrow afternoon. The Alumni Newsletter, under the editorship of Dominick
DeCecco, grad, has been sent out and is ex pected to draw many alumni back for the

Two Thousand Greet “Hi”
Five Million Times A Day

By DAVID GOODMAN

There are many levels of friend-
ship. Everyone here at State is
“Friendly.” Judging by the many
“lii's” that are exchanged ill the
peristyles, there is little doubt that
we are one big happy illegitimate
family. Imagine! 2.000 students say
“hi” to the 2,000 other students
every day. That. equals 4,000,000
greetings: multiply this by the wast-
ed “lli's” that are given twice if) one
day and we have over 5.000.000
greetings a day. It is: impossible?
an exaggeration? a fabrication?

Well . . . I guess it is. But I‘ve
proved 2 points. 1. It proves I can
multiply and 2. It proves that there
is a word used at State more often
than the word "cute."

Hi is a condensation of the phrase
“How are you." which is slurred to

SC Students
Achieve Merit

St'l‘li'ill Stutc College students
have distinguished tllclnscll'cs re»
l'tllt.'.' by winning awards for out—
slil:l..lll', ill-increments.

Elnlcl' (..‘. Matthews, Assl~tllll to
t c l’i'isidcnt of the College, rc—
jorls tllzlt four Seniors have received
ll llors.

The Seniors

1) kcllc 'licrvn'i lius been selected
as illlll'llllli' for on award as "licc-
incl" ill the French School System
for 1135-09.

l)t..lllld lilcc hits been named in.
reclpzlllt ol the Woodrow Wilson
Fellowship to Yule University,

A Woodrow Wilson Fellowship
wits also awarded to Charles in-
l-‘oulltumc to attend the Ullncrsiiy
of Wisconsin

The lost Scnlol', Kclmcth Unit.
will receive iill Abolslillllhlllll to the
Unnclslty of burn
(Arudlute Students

A pr 'M'lll gl‘ndltulc student, lu‘vc—
lyll Appl-llottt. is one of live intui—
l:.ls [or on uwurd lo study in Chile
curing 19:38-50.

Mrs Httnlln Loscc. who received
her lesllr's dc'rcc here in limb,
llu. l.i‘l‘ll ,Iivcil ii l‘llllli'ltjlll Stin-
lucr S mlnur (il'lnu tor study ill
1"i'ulicc.

Freshmen

’lwo freshmen have received noll-
ticldion of merit within the college.

l).i\l(l S. l)onlcy is wnmcr of the
Nib‘ttl‘ College 1"l'tfslllllilll Miltlic—
mutlcs Acllichllu.'iit Prize which in—
c.udcs it set of mathematics tables.

J-lin Lucas has been appointed
i‘tiigc Mliilligcr lllid 'i‘echmclll i‘n—
lictor of lhe State College Arcnu
t ulmner 'l"llcutrc.

"How I ya." Hawaii is islands. but
Hi is a greeting not to be mistaken
for the word "high" which signifies
drunk; or Albany “High.”

Hi is just one of the many meth—
ods through which we communicate
our visual recognition of someone
else. We, unlike the Chinese, have
but a single intonation Oil the
word "hi." We use, instead, sub—
liminal intonation that is just seen
and not heard.

v---—Raised eyebrows. (Maybe no ane
will notice that I recognize that
squirrel

—A liilip flick of the wrist. IDon't
tell lne that drip is still leaking!)

“A smile, I. , . See I use Pepso-
dent; I wish you did.t

A~A full "Helllo." (vr-T‘hcy're ell-
guged.)

4A passionate embrace. ilt's ll
boy:

['11 show you what I mean: I'm
at ll class llieetlllg. I'll say hi to
tile whole congregation.

"Hi" says I to the Pres.

“Hi” says he buck.

"Hi" says I to the body.

ONE PUNY VOICE: "H-H-ll~lliiii."

Students Begin
Pre-Registration

limilSll'illlUll processes for the full
.‘.('llll stcr lune been clllliigcii ill some
li'.~l))l"l.‘s‘ lll order to illililiinze reg-
istration probluns.

All students should have colli-
pictd u lclltilllvc course list by lust
\A'cdnesdly und sliollld have seen
lulvlsols tor uppl‘ol'ul.

Sluicllt» should pick up j;l'i'-
i'c..,lsll'litlon tnutci'iul ll‘t)lll lllc
licnstl'ur's oillcc lt llicy did not do
s.) ycsicl'tiuy. ll‘llln lncludcs
lilo-c planning to attend the sum—
illl‘i' session us well us the lull ses-
fibril.

Mutt-rolls lliul should b.- acquired
for the lull sclncstcr should mcludc'
lhl- (‘ollcgc l’i'e-ltt-glstl'ililon scncd~
lllt.‘ oi t'lilast‘s. onc Registrar‘s Copy
Pl‘lttilillll Curd, and one Student
Copy l’i'cgi'llm (.‘lll‘d. Hummer ses—
Hull students should pick up one
s. mmcl' session pl'ogrulii curd. Also.
all students ought to jlck up ti‘e
ill mcogruphcd sheet that lists the
cclliplctc procedure for filling ou;
cards and seeing advisors.

See. Advisors

Alter the curds have been filled
illl .ic ordin; to the directions ill
the sheet. students sliouid arrange
to see their udvisors to have the
pl‘ogllnli cxi'd approved, After up—
[l'i)\ill, llle udvisor will keep the
Registrar's Copy Program Curd. The
student can keep his own copy oi
the Program (lard for next fall

meeting and weekend.
Picnic at Thacher

At 11 am. Sunday the brothers
and their dates will have a picnic
at Thacher Park including sports.
hiking and refreshments.

General Chairman for the week-
elid is Lee DeNike ’59. Committees
include Henry Hughes ’58; William
Hershfield, Ronald Humphrey, Jun-
iors; Richard Sano. John T‘rolnbly.
S'~piiOlnores. They are in charge of
cliaperones, flowers, program 5,
band, picnic and favors, respective-
ly.

SLS Weekend

Richard Ronconi, ‘59. General
Ci.aiitnali, announces that the
Crusaders of Holy Cross College,
will provide music for dancing at
SLS's formal tonight at the Shaker
R.dg'e Country Club.

A highlight of tonight’s program
will be the announcement of fra-
ternity officers for the next year.
(‘hiipcroncs

All women will have 2 am. hours
for the dance, which is scheduled
from 9 pm. to 1 am. The chap—
tl‘Olli'S for the formal are: Paul
l...moll. Professor of Biology, and
Mrs. Ll'lnon; Karl Peterson, As—
sociate Pl oi'essol' of Music. and Mrs.
Peterson, Dr. and Mrs. Al'llOlClS
Grant.

St. Janos Society

"The Roaring ’I‘wenties" is the
lllHll‘ cf toiliorrow night's infoltliill
pll'ty, states Richard Bartholomew.
'58. Chairman. The party. sched-
uled from 0 p.m. to l il.in., lit the
llotcl Corrine, will feature the St.
J.ll'.t'S Scclcty Jar/:7. group. also of
lily Cl'US). Tile cliilperones are
Mix and Mrs. Peterson.

'lliucller l’illiie

’i h.- \.\'L‘“l<lll(l will conclude with u
picinc for the Brothers and their
(hitcs ill. 'l'hllcller Park Sunday af-
ternoon. This event is under the Co-
chiilrmilnsliip of Bartholomew aid
Joseph Swlcl'zowski, gl‘lld.

Pi Omega Pi

Dines, Elects

The new officers of Pi Omega Pi,
National Business Education Fru-
ternlty were announced last Sunday
ill the annual Spring Banquet states
Wllrrcn Dunlllon ’58. President. The
officers will be officially announced
l\’lo\'ilit-,~Up Day,

Speaker

The speaker at the bouquet was
Mr. ’l‘licodol'e Boyer, Business Slip-
ervisor of Millie School. Toast-
master \Ali.‘ Robert Sharpe; enter-
tuinmciit \vus pi'oyided by Marie
liurl'iglln. Both are Seniors. Miss
lini'i'lguli was assisted by Vivian
Clone ’lii.

Activities

ActiVltics for the year planned by
the. Beta Eta chapter were reviewod
iii the 1958 Newsletter.

They include it Halloween party
and reception for freshmen; slides
of Europe taken by Albert C. Mossln,
Associate Professor of Commerce; a
picnic. and other events.

 

