 

PAGE 2

Gripe From The News . . .

We hear a lot of gripes from Student Association
about the news we print, the way it’s printed, and the
omissions we make. Well, we have a gripe to make! We
can’t print the news if we aren’t notiﬁed, and we’re a little

tired of running around contacting people at ten o’clock . - '

Wednesday night so that their names can appear in the
Friday issue.

We have a deadline to meet, and having a hundred
or so blank lines an hour before copy is sent out is not
the most relaxing way to publish a newspaper. It is the
responsibility of organizations to submit their news and
get it in on time. In the future if news is not submitted,
it will not go in. The News always comes out on Friday.
but there‘s nothing that says it can’t have blanks.

We don’t mind people going gung-ho over elections,
hell week or anything else, but we think it's going over-
board to attempt to use the News as a vehicle to push a
fraternity or a sorority.

Who ever called the publishers and told them to print
the paper in blue ink on white paper was not amusing.
It caused inconvenience and a lot of extra work on the

art of the printers. If it ever happens again, we guaran-
tee trouble.

What, Me Vote ? . . .

The campaign rally lacked any dominant issues for
discussion Wednesday night. Perhaps the minor topics
that were discussed will become important in the coming
year. For this reason we ask the members of Student As-
sociation, especially the freshmen who could not stay for
all the speeches because of hours, to read over the cam-
paign platforms printed in the paper. Consider the past
performances of the candidates, their standing on future
issues, as well as their personal character.

We wish we could say that you have the cream of the
crop to choose from. Disqualiﬁcations on technical points
and the simple fact that some of the nominations were
made for a good laugh make this impossible. So we laughed.
So what. Some of the people that were nominated in this
spirit decided to carry the joke through. After all, what
have they got to lose? So they‘re running for ofﬁces, re-
gardless of whether or not they have the interest, time or
qualifications. Several people of the nominees never even
realized they were running until declinations were closed,
and so were “caught in the trap."

Voting is important, good and gentle students,, but
nominating the best leaders for school and class ofﬁces
is implicit in good government. This year the nominations
for offices, in particular, Myskania, were a farce.

But, it‘s all over but the memories of what might have
been, so no complaints from here on in about poor leader-
ship or apathy. Don‘t blame the people in ofﬁce. You
nominated them. And this weekend at the polls you'll
elect them. They'll be your leaders, for good or for bad.
May we quote an old proverb: You can‘t fool all of the
people all of the time, but around election day the odds
improve.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY l9! 6

BY THE CLASS OF 1918

 

Second Placc ACP
Vol XLIII Fcbruar} iii, llifiii No. 2

Members of llil' NEWS Mail may bi- lliillilil Monday. 'l'iicstiay and Wclincsdav
fioiii 7 to ii p in at 15-3320. Ext. ll l'honr- Fri/paliicx Il—«lil'll, Ailic ‘J-Ttillii. Kainpl
2-9870

'l‘hc iliilit‘lgl'ililliitlc nrwspapet of the Ncw York State (foilcgt- ior ’l‘t-aclicrs.
published evcry Friday of the College ycar in tin. NEWH Board for ilic Student
Association

MAItY FI'I‘ZI'A'I'IUCK ~ v - - ‘ - - ~ »- — I'ltlltor-iii-(‘liii-l

MAINE Ill'l'F’I‘MEIt - - - - - - - - - ~ litccutlve (Yo-Editor

JOHEI’II SZAIII'JK - - - ~ - - ' - < -- luxcculivi- (‘o-lidltur

MAIILENE ACKEIHIAN « - - - - - - — Managing Iltlltor

CAROL ALT“! - - - - - < ~ - Business Advertising Iiiliior
‘I (

First Place CSPA

   

 

ANN IIIT( IJDCK - Iliisiacas Advertising ('onhultant
MARIT-JI‘ 'I‘OI‘ I NILSI‘ N - ' - - - ~ Associate Editor
MARY I'I IN JOIINHON - - - - < - - - Associate Editor

JAMES Mulllfﬂll - - - - ~ - v ‘ - - -— Associate l-lditor
ELIZABETH SPENCER « v - - - A - e - Associate lidltor
MONICA 'I'ItASKlitl - - I - - v ~ - - - Associate Editor
JOHN QI'IItK - - - - - - - - - Public Relation.» Editor
ARTIH'II PLOTNIK - ' ‘ ' ' ' ‘ : ' - ~ Feature I‘Idltor
ItOIIIlIit'I‘ KAMI'I" - - v - - - - - - - ~ Sports Editor
GRACE I'ZNGI'JIAi - - - - - - - - L'll'lfulillltlll'I‘Iltillltllutt I‘Jtlitur
PHOTOGRAPHY - - - State College Photo Service
All communications should ill' addrcsscd to the editor and mum. be ruined
will be withheld on reqqu ’l‘im S'lA'l'E COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions expressed in its columns or coiiiuiliiiiciilloos. in. such expressions do not
necessarily Ichtct its views.

Names

 1

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. F

 

EBRUARY I4. 1958

Frwrwi |‘

By ART PALAZZOLO

If you’re still in school, it's a
pretty sure bet you‘ll be around at
least until this coming June. Most
made the grade. a. few didn't. some
came pretty darn close to . . . but
ugh! I hate to think about it:
Let's talk about the movies instead.
Looking over the movie fare for this
coming weekend, the most inter-
esting ﬂick is now at the STRAND.
A Farewell to Arms with Rock Hud-
son, Jennifer Jones, and Vittorio De
Sica. is based on the novel of the
same name by E. Hemingway. I
read the book—or was it Classic
Comics?——and although the movie
follows the book Closely, it drags in
parts and tends to become drawn
out.
PALACE

Walt Disney has come through
again with a picture guaranteed to
soften even the most cynical of
State College hearts. Yes, even you,
Art Plotnik, would be shaken by
this saga of a family and their
yeler dorg. Old Yeller stars Dorothy
McGuire and Fess Parker. Also
showin is Walt Disney’s travelogue
entitled Portugal. Very colorful.
DELAWARE

The Miracle of Marcelino. Ac-
cording to a dependable and highly
respected source, (one of my in-
structors ithis movie is one of those
rare species which is warm and ten-
der without being overly sentimental.
and maudlin.
LELAND

Going Steady starring i?i Molly
Bee and Allen Reed. Jr. Very home-
spunish and quite a. change of pace
from the usual sex-mad. dope-ﬁend.
teenage-goon fare of previous weeks.
Co-featured is The Tijuana. Story.
“Billion Dollar Sin Trap."
MADISON

The Enemy Below with Robert
Mitchum and Curt Jurgens. If you
miss this one you'll be sorry!



To the Editor

I believe your “what me study
editorial used extremely bad logic.
was ridiculously slanted and showed
a deﬁnite lack of purpose.

I sincerely hope that four l4i
senators never have had the power
to decide anything in Senate. It
must be realized that Senate made
a decision. lacking four ‘4! positive
votes to pass the "Don McClain"
motion. In your editorial you have
twisted this "miss by four votes" to
four senators deciding for all of
us. Hai'dly a worthwhile trick.

You say it is unfortunate that
student senators coiiid not divorce
personalities from the issue. May I
ask whv the whole controversy came
into being if it were not a person-
ality question (do not cainoi‘lagc
personalities lll qualifications.)

Finally lack of purpose of cdi-
toriai. if you want to strengthen
student govci‘niiiciii your last para-
graph would never have been wril—
icii. It achlcvcd only onc purpose
that of making one person feel bet-
ter and in liirn by showing that the
"best qualified" person can not run,
you tear down the other candidates
for President and also tear down
Senate. If yoii want to arouse Sen—
ate for future action, it is this writ-
cr's suggestion that yoii do it al a
less crucial iimc than the eve of
elections.

in my opinion Senate‘s ruling was
correct because I voted for legisla-
iivc govcrnincnl. This does iiol
mean that I agree with this ruling.
but the scnalors‘ dccision is a direct
rcilcciion oi llic ll-cl:iig of a majori-
ty ol the student body if enough
persons had bccn positively enthus-
l‘(l about this motion 1 liclicvc Sen-
.iic would havi- \olcd (illicl't'llily

David Youst '59

 

 

Iii-ar Senators

lie: the Senate meeting on
Wednesday l‘\l.‘lllii!',. Ii‘ebruary 5.
The problem that discussed was
about amending the Constitution.
As it reads now it says that a. per»
son running for Siudciii Association
President or Vice President inusl.
have all iiici‘agc oi 2.5. it was pro—
posed to have it read insicad of a
25 a 2.25. Many pros and cons were
heard concerning this change. Since
the "deed is done" we can't do any—
thing about the rcsziii. but I would
like you, senators. to ask yourselves
this question: "li this was brought
up a month ago, how would I have
voted. excluding the pci'soi’iuiity in-
volved? Did I make the right de—
cision oi' (ilti I not?" A Senator

!

o
\illllll”

,r-..,.._

 

“Shot Down."

 

 

GW- state)»

By CAFARO and SEYMOUR




~
I.

AA.

“There is no worse evil than a bad women;
And nothing has ever been produced better than a good one." Euripides

A SHOT IN THE DARK

Since a moving target is harder to bit ,we decided to keep the editor
at bay, you in the dark. and photographer in the darkroom. Alas—our
fears past, the dye‘s cast, a bloody blast, we're here at last!

Now that you have our pictures. you may fire when ready! Besides
their being used as symbols to sacriﬁce your roommate by—~they can be
used to replace “Riley's” dartboards. They also make ﬁne propaganda
for next year's drive—SEND THESE KIDS TO CAMP. (If it's still there.)
PLEAD FOR PLEDGING

Oh for the Hell Weeks of yesteryear! The thought behind the display
or lack of display, of sorority pledging has somehow eluded the Greeks
this year. Somebody forgot to explain that the pseudo-maturity that
comes with the frosh year shouldn't be the cloak of protection against
“the slings and arrows of outrageous" exploitation, Less can be said
for the sororities using the ridiculous for anything other than acquaint-
ing the pledge with the school, sorority, spirit, and sisters. Let's Put
The Hell Back In Hell Week!

A HOUSE IS NOT A HOME

We suggest that all incoming frosh be handed a copy of Exodus
along with the Fresh Handbook. It will make a fine lyrical accompani-
ment for the game of "musical dorms." This. along with such things as
proper recording of marks by the IBM giant. may help to bring down
the suicide rates——aciministration over machine—and students!
TEACHERS—WET?

Too many of our teachers regard their jobs as an 8-4 lecture period.
They niust've all taken Math ‘31, since they think of their students merely
as numbers. And, when a number is missing! Too badﬂyou lose. The
classic example to us is what happened to a boy with sum average. By
most collcgcs' standards he‘d be allowed a cut or maybe two. Well, this
boy once had the audacity to lake FOUR-wand just to go to a funeral
at that. The nerve! Naturally. his teacher punished iiini severely, as
all good little lecturers should punish such vilc offenders.

REVIEW lIIItES Blil‘NCElt

Knock, knock. Who‘s there? Yes. it's Wilfred and he's trying to
sneak into a rchcarsal of “The Boyfriend." Blit. little does he know that
the All Colicgc Revue has declared closed rehearsals. And. thcy have
iiircd a bouncer to eliminate such Wiifrcds. The bouncer is a lady so
what did you expect fcatiicrs'.’
lCl.l-Z("l‘l()2\'s

Today. wcrc climbing up on our respective soap boxes to predict.
()ur first cXciusivc. For SA l"l'('.\lllf'l1l,YlilllltlS. ill the closest t-lt-clion sincc
Bcckwiih—Carlin. For SA Vccn Ncsbill. For Prcsiticiii of the freshman
class. Johnson. For Prcsiticni of [he Sophomore class, lll'i\\'l'.', liiroiigii
split votes. For President of the Junior class. Jcronic flint-s.
NOW—THE (il'lillCN ()li‘ llI-lAll'l‘S

Were you on hand at Bi'll ior lhc coining-out party of the captivat-
ing (.‘oinincrcc (‘iub Quinls'.J There were those who thought it was Brit's
answer to lll(' Miss l'illt‘lli‘ltilli competition, but we've got the li'oiipc‘s
scoop ilicsc gals arc the livc finalists foi the Club's Sadic‘s Hawking
Day Dance; one of illi‘lll will be chosen as the girl you'd most want to
“goof oil" \\'lill.

DAS'I'AIIIHJ' “IVAN DOING-S

How ii:il\'(' do the "Antony and Cleopatra of thc Coiniiioiis' Couch"
iliiiik the siuticni bod), is that it needs lessons on the art of making lovc‘.J
Maybe your agcnis havcii‘l told you, gang. but the parts have already
lit-ch cast for I't-yton Place. in fact, the sccncs have already been shot
it's a shame \H' t'aii'l do the same to you. ~
(il'lis’l‘lliN ()l~‘ ’l‘lll‘I \t'ICIClt

Will lhcrc bc .i Myskania‘.’

College Co/endar

li'ltlllAl’, li'ICIllil'AltY H

000 a in Voting, Iiowcr Drapci'
7:00pm li*‘(i Prcsciils "i.illi."
15:00 pm Commerce (Jiiib Pl'i‘Si‘llls
ltooiii.

Saylcs llall Daiicc.

 

 

 

"Sadie Hawkins liancc‘” liru Dining

0 .00 1) ill

SA'I‘I'ItliAY. li‘la‘ltltliilltl’ is

12.30 pm. Voting in Union

2.00 pm. lli‘G Presents "American in Paris."
Sl'Nll.-\l’. l"l£llltl‘AltY iii

2:00 pm Sorority initiations

2:30 pm. Havch llali Open House

4:30 pm Voting. Union

MONDAY. I-‘EllItUAItY it
0:00 phi. Chi Sigma Theta Collcc liour Willi Sigma Lambda Sigma

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY iii
Music Council Presents Jerome Hiiics, Page Hall.

8:30 pm.

 

 

\

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 14. I958

PAGE 3

 

erome Hines,

To Visit State Co

State Fraternities Announce
Eighty-Eight Frosh Pledges

State College's four fraternities
pledged ninety upperciassmen and
freshman men Tuesday night, an-
nounce the respective presidents.

Ronald Graves '58. President of
Edward Eldred Potter Club an-
nounces the following pledges:

Donald Gladstone ‘59, Jack Blar-
den, Albert Boosman, Donald Cohen,
Anthony Dimperlo. Frank Fallache,
Donald Fearman, George Gunder-
inan .Joiin Jones, David Legg. Jack
Lewis. Joseph Parent, David Pause,
Patti Reagan, Charles Recesso, Roger
Sherman, Charles Sloger. Robert
Warn, and Donald Warne, freshmen.

Kappa Beta
The following freshmen were
pledged to Kappa Beta. according to
the President, James Lorrichio ‘58:
Dennis Borst. Sherwon Bowen,
Larry Bree n, John Eckieinun,
George Flint, Richard Francois, Jo—
seph Gilbert, William Hohn. James
Keenan, Donald Loopnian, Gary
Lynch, George McGai:giicy. Albert
Malwald, Gerald Mitchell. Gary
Meyers. Charles Niics_ Richard Rob—
inson, Thomas Rour‘ic. Russel Stalii.
Sigma Lambda Sigma
Sigma Lambda Sigma

D & A Elects
New Officers

Freida Cohen  outgoing Presi—
dent of Drainatics and Art Council,
announces that the Council has
elected its new officers for the com-
ing year. The Council has changed
its constitution so that now they
have January election of officers
instead of .liiiic election.

pledged

New Officers

The new officers are: President,
William Gardner '59; Vice President,
Francis Ireland ‘00; Secretary, Shir-
icy Stone ‘00; ’l‘rcasurci', Eliizabctli
Gross ‘60; 'l‘i‘yoiit Chairman, Judy
Calvin '59; Publicity Director, Mil-
dred Boyd 'lili; Historian. (iracc Nes-
biii '00.

New Members

Six new members have been clecl—
ed to Coliiicii. Tlicy ai'ci Graham
chi, (‘arol Payinan (‘util Hogan.
Kenneth Smith. Juniors, and Mary
Jane 'l‘i'apis, (‘ll.il'il“. \\'ccll, Sopho-

lllfil'i‘s

I-jxpansion l’iograiii

The organization plans to expand
its meeting [illiitl'illli during the cur—
rent scoicslcr liy pi‘cscnlinr a sci'ics
oi i_’,ill'\l it-cluics. play readings, and
tlciiionstratioiis. 'l‘ryolils for file
(‘ouiicil \i'ill lic iiiic'd'aicd iiiio llic
pi'ogi'.iiii oi ihc meeting and will lJl‘
allowed to :iliciid most of HIM“.

IFG Presents
Hit Movies

llciciiy ilaiin 'ii.i, l’i‘lsnlcnl oi ilic
international l"iiin (iroup, announ—
ccs iin- ioiioiiing Iilins ior this
\li’t'li‘l'lill liilll‘lil. lhc group will
shut llic lcchnicolor iillll, "l.ili"

'l‘hi:. is the story of an ciichanliiii;
little girl who talks to puppcls ll
stars l.cslic (‘aron, Mci ii'crrcr. Kari
Klimici', and Zsii-Z7.ii (labor The
screening will hc ill l)l'it|il'l‘ iii!) ’l'lic
first show is ill 7 pin and ihc last
is ii'lil) pm Admission is 151') cents

American in Paris

'l'ililllil'l‘l)\\' afternoon, 'l‘liiii'sday's
iiliii, "An American in Paris”, will
be repeated at 3 pm 'l'liis lime is
a change from the advertised hour.
The place i'ciiiniiis Draper 349.
Admission is free wuh presentation
of your Student 'l‘ax (‘ard

these men, states Ronald Pryor ’58.
President:

Nelson Meade ‘60. Frank Bar-one,
Alexander Capasso, John Chaptman,
Joseph Digiacomo, Hugh Farley,
William Fitzsimmons, Paul Harris, J.
Barrett Healy. Jay Hurlburt, Barry
Jamason, John Johnson, William
Kelly, Michael Meader, David Mur-
phy, William Pauquette, H. John
Perry, Gary Sabin, Peter Spina,
Frederick Thuinhart, Edward Whe—
lan. freshmen.

Alpha I’i Alpha

The men of Alpha Pi Alpha
pledged these freshmen, announces
Robert Anderson '58, President:

Richard Bailey. Robert Baker,
George Bennet. Joseph Betke, Bruce
Bibbons, Martin Borko, Michael
Coyle, Herbert Delo, Donald Dona—
to. James Dougherty, James Flore,
David Frank, Robert Griffin, James
Hobbs. Al'tllLU' Jenkins.

Also pledged were: James Kelly,
Keith Keinptmr John Lucas, Ber-
nard McGiveny, Daniel McNeil.
Mcrlc Miller, Ross Mills. Brian
Murphy. Royal Nadeau, Robert Ow—
cns. Walter Schaeficr. John Sulli-
\llll. James Watson, Louis Wolner.
and Ilciiry Zygaldo.

ﬂoat»: Fay
[W

The newest spring fashions
are out; for the interested, the
“Men’s Clothing Annual” sug-
gests everything the well-dress-
ed college student should have
except . . . the money. The dis-
criminating alumnus should
wear nothing less than cable-
stltched vlcuna sweaters with
crocheted dollar bills. They
come in cardigans. crewnecks.
and V-necks. I suggest noose-
necks so when the time to pay
for it comes, a little tug and

. poof—no worries.

Shoes should be of yuk skin
with llama wool laces. This is
the new aproach; since no yuk
has ever complained about tight
shoes.

Pants avoid the extreme jivey
Ivy look. They've compromised.
The pants bag at the knees like
most pants. and crease at the
waist. That way both factions
are content.

(‘uil‘links come with the new
shirts which have cull“ buttons.
Why should a gentleman with
3100 links have to stop wearing
them?

 

7/te @723“ Mimi

By All'l‘
VALEN'I INE I’LAY

MIC: Hi honey. lici'c's ll big iicart for

you — chock full of chocolates.

llElt: So what am I supposed to

do now?

ME: Why eat your heart out, of

coursc' iHER cats her heart out

entirely. Gains two-hundred pounds.

Dies.)

MIC: (Mourning loss of loved one;

stepping forward, wetting lips to

deliver noble soliloquy on the ab—

surdity of the heart» Out of all the

wonderful parts of our body con-

cerned directly with lovcmihc brain

and the sense organs to mention a

i'cw--—v.'iiy on Earth has man chosen

that little ociiiing devil. that blood—

piinipiiig blob, to represent love on

the high holiday? The heart! ’l‘hct

scrawny little purple goiter lilili

knows as mucii of love as did Hitler!

You can have my heart for two

A. ll. ll()l‘SMAN: Wlicii l was one-
aiid— twenty

l hcard a vvisc than say:

'(il\t' crowns. pounds and guiiicas

lint not your heart away."

MIC: Whit reason do you have to

PASCAL: The heart has its reasons

which reason docs not know.

MIC: What is this? livery time I

open my mouth

FRANKLIN: 'l‘lic licai't oi the fool

is in his mouth. but ilic mouth of

ilic \visc man is in his hcarl.

MIC: ll;i\c a heart, icllows Yoii‘rc

lll'l\lil..’, inc out of

'l‘lillell’lllifVlC: li—i'-l-l-li—li-;i»:'

MIC: ch‘.’

SIR; ’l‘hi:. 18"Hll'illc ll llnh". ilil'

~liow with a heart ltlcnliiy this

tune and quality for llic jackpot

qucslioii!

MIC: Wllili lliill"‘

Slit: "ill-ail oi My llcai'l'”

MIC: "iii-ail o1 My licarl‘.’”

H.I.It.: illitiii! tilt-arty applitusci

Now tell us who :iiid the following

"No liticr wold, sim- (lod's. was

clcr spoken, 'i il.ill that the largcsi

lit-.ii‘i is siitiiicsl iii'liki'll”

MIC: Aiiiiiial. \cgciabic, or mineral?

._.__—-——
._.._——_.__.____-—

 

Gerald Drug Co.

217 Western Ave. Albany. N. Y.

Phone 6-3610

 

I’LO'I'N IK

S.I.l{.: That's close enough! Con-
gratulations! You've just won t.
round - trip, all-expense-paid vaca—
tion for two in Heaven!

ME: But—

S.I.I{.: Shut up! Heart-line‘s ring-
ing! Our listeners call up and add to
the prizes—hearts of gold—every
one of you! Life is great! Roll out
bar---- Hello . . . Lucifer Satan call-
ing? . . . what's that? . . . you‘ll
double that prize? . . . if Mr. Piotnlk
is willing to put his heart and soul
into it? . . . why, that's very kind
. . . we accept . . . thank you . . .
bye-bye. Did you hear that Mr. P.
You and the person of your choice
can gow-all expenses paid of course
alstraight lochllo'.’ Hello? Mr. PI."
TELEPHONE: click!

MIC: As I was saying, there is :in
urgent nccd for a new symbol for
Valentine's day. I hereby propose
that the left nostril be said symbol.
The advantage is obvious since the
essence of a nostril is an empty
void; a circle of nothing.

For without a smyboi, what is a
holiday ‘2
I'ltlil'l): (ir
[hills

Juniors To Register
For Physica/ Exam

All Juniors must undergo a phy-
sical cvaiiiiiialion within the next
eight weeks announces .innci 'liood.
College l’liysiciaii. Students who do
iioi llil\'i‘ this physical cxaiiiniaiioii
\\lll iiol bc pcrniiilcd lo i'cictci- for
Student 'l‘caching.

Appointments ior this cxaiiiiiiii-
lioli must be made iii the Medical
Office no later than Salui'duy. cx-
:illliliilillilis will start Monday

(5nd!
0
(other Ontario is; llcnsoii

l)lAl. 4-1115

FLORIST and
GREENHOUSE

w:

anything. for that

 

 

 

Famous Bass Oi Metropolitan Opera,
liege At Request Oi Music Council

Eight Hundred Seats Open
ToSA,TonundredToPublic

Jerome Hines, the great basso of the Metropolitan
Opera, will appear in concert at 8:30 pm, Wednesday eve-
ning in Page Hall, announces Barbara McGough ’58.
President of Music Council.

Currently celebrating his twelfth season at the Metro-
politan Hines has scored an impressive number of ﬁrsts
with the company. Prominent among them was his por—
trayal of “Boris Godounov” last year, Hines Was the initial
American basso to undertake the role. He was chosen by

_ Areuro Toscanini as bass soloist in
one of the maestro’s last recordings,
Bc-cihoven’s “Messa Saiemnis." En-
tirely American trained, the basso's
voice was recently hailed by the
V New York Times as “one of the best
- to be heard in opera anywhere."

In order to meet the expected in-
come of' $500 set up in the budget,
200 tickets at $2.50 must be sold as
outside admission. Since Page Hall
seats approximately 1,000 people
this will leave only 800 seats avail:
able to the student body. In view
of the fact that there are about
2,000 students at State College,
tickets will be distributed free, on
the first come, first served. basis to
those presenting their student tax
cards at the ticket booth in the
lower pcristylc.

Mr. Hines with Alexander Alexav
as. accompanist will be heard Lil
arias from the operas of Mozart
Verdi, Rossini, and Gounod. He will
Sing selections from the works of
Shubcrt, Strauss, Faure. Duparc,
and Ibert. Also included will be a
group of Negro Spirituals.

    

JEROME IIINES

Vote For John Yager . . .

(Combined from Page 1, Column 5) Services: Carol Scheu.

i. Regular cabinet reports in Sen- Recreation: Gary Holway.
um Publications: Rary Fitzpatrick.

.3. Joint meeting of Myskania, the 51160131 Days: Aime King.
Senate, the Cabinet, and the Execu- nuance-$3 Jane Cass-
m-c lionorarics: Lee DeNike.
Traditions: Don McLain.

Iii order to create a greater intcr- Ri'USIOUSS Minna POGDEI‘.
est in our college camp, I propose Sororities and Fraternities: Don
that ISO and IFC sponsor trips to Bunrdon
the Camp. I also propose that a
shcrt narrated movie be made of our
camp in order to give our students
an idea of what it is like. This ino-
vic could be shown at Frosh Camp
and at. one or two of our Interna-
tional Film Group shows.

('ollege (‘amp

Having been one of the fifteen
students who helped to write our
new constitution, I have a thorough
working knowledge of that Consti-
Lllidill. My association with govern-
ment. Debate Council, State College
Revue. Activities Week, Frosh Camp,
Campus Ciicst, Leadership Confer-
cncc: .and dorm life have given me
all insight on many of our prob-
lciiis. I have the ability, interest.
zillil desire to carry out the duties
of your Student Association Presi-
dent. thii voting, 1 hope you will

if elected, my proposed Cabinet :il’L'il iisiy consider my candidacy for
\‘.lll bc' illi‘: important office.

Myskania

I favor a strong Myskania a
Mibltzililii that will review all act.»
passed by Senate-77a i\'.-'yskaiiia that
\\lii not hesitate to call an act un~
constitutional.

 

Try our “’WHIMPY”

2 I-iamburgcrs, melted cheese,
lettuce, tomato, i'iiayonnaisc on
toasted roll .
l'l'
000

MA Yli‘lltiwlﬁli Central Ave.

 

 

(IOUNSELORS WANTED

N. Y. State Co~lild Camp

Male & Female 19 years & over

General (Piiy. Ed. Majors) Fencing, Plio-
tograpby, Nature, Pioneering, Tennis, Golf,
Archery, Dancing.

APPLY it)

144 West 80 Street

(‘AMI’ l'lNli.‘ (‘UNI‘J New Yuri; 24‘ N. Y.

 

 

Collagc F cm! for l'mn

 

 

 

 

 

