w... ﬂ. “NAM...” new... a» 

PAGE 2

Iniellects Win Again . . .

Senate gave us the answer Wednesday night as to
what they’d do if there wasn’t a political cums on the
horizon and they had to vote on lowering the average're-
quirement for Student Association PreSIdent and Vice-
President candidates. They surprised us again and voted
it down.

We seriously hope that the average stipulation will
be considered as a safeguard for both the college and the
individual running for ofﬁce. It isn’t an extra merit badge

for applying yourself during your ﬁrst few semesters at
school.

However, like many of the Senators who voted nega—
tively on this amendment, we feel it’s rather a slam at the
maturity we as college students feel we have attained.
The 2.5 requirement is actually protecting any person
who might like to run from jeapardizing his scholastic
standing at the college.

It’s interesting to consider, nevertheless, that in order
for a student to drop from a 2.3 to below a 2.0, he would
have to have 32 hours of D in 2 semesters. Since most
of us take about 16 hours a semester, this would mean
the person we elected as President on the basis. of his
qualiﬁcations of leadership (which implies intelligence)
would have to have about a 1.0 index for 2 semesters.

The obvious lack of candidates for these two ofﬁces
makes us wonder if this requirement isn’t hindering rather
than helping our government. We wish we could be as
optimistic as some Senators who would like at least a
longer trial period. But if the system doesn’tiprove feas1ble
what happens to student affairs in the interim?

It is possible, we admit, that if you lower the average
once, you’ll lower it on future occasions until you’re back
where you started. Nevertheless previous SA PreSIdents
have managed to keep academically solvent, With one
questionable exception, since 1920. We’d call that much
discussed point an exception rather than the rule.

Dinner For Two . . .

Where oh where are the verdant freshman (not to
mention the gay Sophomores)? They certainly weren’t
buying tickets to their respective banquets. In years past
the freshman and Sophomore class dinners were some—
thing that were looked forward to and well attended. Either
the recession is affecting even college students or some-
thing has happened to some of the class spirit that both
these classes have exhibited in the past.

We've heard some people blame the poor cancellation
of the two banquets on the fact that they weren’t pub-
licized enough; that there wasn’t enough “push” to make
these people attend as there had been in past years. Per—
haps this is true, but we hate to think that any class
member has to be bounded before he'll spend his money
on a class project.

We shan‘t even mention the word apathy. It does
make us wonder though if this is not just one more in-
dication that people are caring less and less about class
and school activities. We hope not, and for once we‘d
like to have you prove we're wrong

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS
ESTABLISHED MAY 1916

BY THE CLASS OF 1918

 

First Place CSPA Second Place ACP

Vol. Xlilll April 25). illoli No. 12

Members of the NIIZWS siaiI may be implied Monday 'l'iiesday and Wednesday
from 'i to Ii p in at l-Iiiizil, Iiixt ll l‘iiones l"ll/lii|tl‘ll‘k Ii-til‘J-i, Allic 2-7030. Kiiiiipf
14-9870

The liiideipiidiiiilo newspapei oi the Ncw ‘i’oik Hiuio College for 'I'cai'liers.
published every Friday of the College year by the NEWS Board for tho Student
Association

MAILY I’I’I‘ZI'A’I'Itltfit ~ ~ ~ » - - ~ - v ~ Elinor-III-CIIII‘I
MARIE l)I‘l'I"I‘Ml'2It - - - v — » > - ~ — Executive ()rh‘iiitor
JUI‘II’J‘II SZAIU‘IK » - - » ‘ - ~ r ~ — I'lxeiiulivn (.‘u-l‘lilitor
MABLI‘ENB ACKI'ZIIAIAN - - A - ' - - Managing Iidltor
(IAILDI. Ali't‘lt.‘ - - - - Business Advertising It‘ditiir
ANN III'I‘UIICDITK v - Iiiiaiiiela Advurtiuing (Jaiuultant
MAItI'I‘ JI‘LN'I‘DF'I'-NII.SI:N ~ 7 Associate Editor
MARY ELLEN JOHNSDN Associate Editor
JAMES Mlilllliill Annotate Editor
ELIZABETH SPENCER - Associate Editor
MONICA 'I‘BASKUS - - Alleviate Editor
JOIIN QIIIBK - - v - Public. Relations Editor
Alt'I'IIIiIt I'LD’I'NIK - - - A - - ‘ - - < - Feature Editor
JAMES lNH'tiIIl'lIt'l'Y - x > v - - ('irripiuis Editor
IUIIN LEWIS ‘ ('o-Spiirtu I‘Ldiior
ItDItI‘lIt’l‘ KAMI'I" (‘oiuuiloiit Sports Editor
“RACE ENGEIIS CirculationExchange Editor
i'lIUI‘DtiltAl’IIY - - — - - State College Photo Service
All commanimations should be addressed to the editor and must be signed. Names
will be withheld on request The STATE COLLEGE NEWS ﬂesuiiics no responsibility
for Illiliiiillla expressed in its columns or corninunieitiioiia, as such expressions do not

necessarily reflect itii views.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. APRIL

Kapdal Kapm
By Barbegellata. & Gebhardt

What's the matter with you peo-
ple? Don’t you have minds of your
own? If you want to know how the
movies are ﬁnd out for yourself. We
are sick and tired of pretending we
have seen all this trash and we
can't understand why anyone would
take our word for it anyway. Take
your lousy two bucks and buy gro-
ceries. Haven't you heard there IS
a recession on?

PALACE .
Bridge on the River Kwai. Just as
good as it was last week.

ItITZ

The Young Lions. Hasn't changed.
If you had used your head you
would have. seen this movie last
week and be out on street corners
this week.

STRAND

Paris Holiday. Bob Hope was
great in Moscow but he is poor in
Paris. This movie is a lot of slap-
stick nonsense with poses of Anita
Eckberg thrown in to break the
boredom. Fernandel provides the
only few bits of humor which are
found in this ﬂick and only he saves
it from being the flop that it de—
serves to be.

LELAND

The Brain from Planet Arous.
Not all movies can be academy
award winners. Brains from a dis-
tant planet take over human bodies.
Remember, the brain you think you
have may not be your own. The
second trite-to—lifc spectacular is
Teenage Monster.

DELAWARE

The Bride is Much Too Beautiful.
The critics say it’s great. Person-al-
ly we are going to see Bridget Bar-
dot. Who says you have to have a
plot to have a good movie,

TELEVISION

For real good television enjoyment
stop in at Richardson 276. A star
studded cast of thousands, well more
than twenty people anyway. Better
yet, why don't you wait until they
make it a movie?

AROUND THE TOWN

In this new part of the column we
are going to hit the worthwhile
nightspots in town. Our pick this
week is Dale's Restaurant. Their
dixieland band is the hottest thing
going in Albany. For a real great
time man, this is the most. OK.
so we‘re real hep-cats now. Big
Deal! While we are in such a mov-
lilL', and grooving mood we want to
reiiiliid that Zach Clements goes
fresh air this Sunday on dorm field.
Refreshments and all. See you there.

 

Adam; ’5 7

State has another alumni do-
ing something to make us
proud! .Iim Lockhiirt, class of
'57 is acting in “(‘omc Back
Little Sheba" here in Albany.

Jim is playing the part of
’l‘urk iii the "'I‘heatre-in-thc-
Itound" of the (‘eiiter l'laycrs.

It you get a chance to catch
the show it's at the Arbor lllll
('omiiiiiiiiiy (‘ciiter which is at
:5 North Lark Street. It begins
at llz-i5 n.m. tonight and to-
morrow night. You can get your
tickets by calling the (‘cnter at
.‘i-ii‘iilii.

For those of you who don't
remember, .liiii graduated last
June. lie was it member of
Student (‘oiiiicil his freshman
and Junior years, Frosh camp
(ounscior and President of the
Veteran's Society.

While here .Iiiii was active In
dramatics and in music. He
worked with the All College
ltevue, helped write it and par-
ticipated in it. and was In Mov-
iiig-I‘p Day and Activities Day
skits.

lie sung in an Operetta. here
his freshman year and was a
member of the Statcsmen his
second and third years.

I'robably his most permanent
memory in State (‘ollege was
as part of a composing team.

Jim and Lee IIuges ’57 wrote
music and words for the State
(‘ollege Fight Song, and evory-
body knows that!

25. 1953

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

"The exam will begin in 10, 9. 8, 7 . . ."

  

 

 

0, Lift one thought in prayer for STC:
That he who many a year with toil of breath
Found death in life, may here ﬁnd life in death; Coleridge.

BEATING THE "EATING

The temperatures rising, It’s not surprising, That we certainly
can—can fan! For some unfounded reason, the little man who tends
that boiler and lifts that coal has to approximate the weather outside.
In the winter, when frigid Brigid dares close the classroom door, the
light goes off. Now that the heat's on in Albany. so it is in the not
cool school. Speaking of heat therein, lies a tale. In the spring a
young man‘s fancy lightly turns to thoughts of—well. ﬁsh do it, birds
do it, Duz does it— Duz does everything. Meanwhile, back at the
oasis, Thatcher, that is, the fraternities were having their community
picnic. In the hopes of promoting good feeling, some intelligent soul
proposed one big weekend. With each bid goes a Do-It-Yourself date
kit. including a round-trip ticket to East Ubangi and a Berlitz self-
language teacher. Bon voyage!
ROCK TIIE HALL WITII BOPS AND FOLLY

Our Hawley Hall, with darkened nooks,

And skatie-eight assorted books,

Imp-arts to all in- equal shares

Its musty anesthetic airs.

But . . . . . . . . . . . .

While Morpheus luiis the student who delves

For knowledge somewhere among the shelves.

Friend Bacchus rocks and rolls all day,

Outside the window—a temptation away

Enticing handyman at work

To blare the radio while they smirk

Over “Witchdoctor” and “Lollipop"-—

Will “Nee Ncc Na" replace the bop?—

This Rock and Roll must hereto stop—

Remeiiiber fellasw-this ain‘t the hop!
()(IIJC AWILE

You may have heard the gossip that has been travelling through
these hollowed halls, but, if not, we'll let you in on this roainiii' scandal.
Well. ‘peers that some people want to know where the money-money
goes 'cause, like it says in the song, we’ve been done wrong. It seems
that AMIA wants more loot to shoot for clubs 'cause two  weic
stolen. Interested? The second act in this farce involves an overdrawn
budget That expenslVe Pedicati polished oil five—hundred more clams
than it was suppost to. A parting thoughtmRemember highpockedw
they're yours!
KEEP THE HOME FIRES BURNING

Bored with the life that is not so very different here, a few rugged
individuallsts among us decided to obey that impulse last weekend. It
seems that these people couldn't wait for Fresh Weekend. so they ad-
vanced on one of the cellars of old Western Ave. in the Blitz-blasted
area. and proceeded to blast the Blatz. These scouts were prepared and
forgot not. how to rub two matches together. Soon our happy people
were around their campfire, toasting marshmallows. Passers-by thought
that. it was a latent Billy Graham revival meeting. Unfortunately the
neighbors did not appreciate State’s attempt to live life, every golden
minute. and had our friends evicted. Of course, some of them may
be living in that cellar next _\'|’il|'. and will get their revenge Aiivwiio,
a little originality is a wondcriiil thing. Drink deep, you ciods, it's
spring, it's spring!
I'IX(‘I.AitlA'I‘I()N OF THE EItA

Happy I.’l‘.R..!

College Calendar

FRIDAY. APRIL :55
1:00 pin (Yoniiiiulci's Club Meeting [)201.
Sophomore Class Meeting.
l‘I'l ~~liiiieii Class Meeting.
7 00 pin ll"(i presents "Giant," Draper 349.
0:00 pm, Potter (.‘lnb ii‘orniiil, Anrania Club.
SA'I‘I'RDAY. APRIL 26
1:00 pm. i’ottcr Ciiib Picnic, Thatcher Park.
11:00 pm. SOCI) presents Guest Speaker. Bl'ii Upper Lounge.
7:00 pm. Ili‘G presents "Giant," Draper 340. I
8:30 pm. Potter Cliib Date Party, I'iotci Corrine.
SUNDAY. APRIL 27
:i:00 1).Ill. Student Union Iloard Jazz Concert, Bru Lower Lullli‘tw-
0:00 pm. Lutheran Student Association Meeting, St. John’s Church.
Potter Club Record Party, Fraternity House.
6:30 pm. Canterbury Ciiib Faculty Dinner, St. Andrew's Church
TUESDAY, APRIL 20
7:30 pm. IVCF Meeting, Brubachcr.
8:00 pm. ()ral Interpretation Reading, Draper 349.

 

 

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 30
Kappa Mu Epsiloii’s Banquet, Albany University Club

0:30 pm.

 

 

 

 

STATE

  
 

COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. APRIL

25. 1958

PAGE 3

 

 

7/te Open Mimi

 

By ART l‘er'l‘NlK

It is. I think, high—time I an-
swered some of my fan mail. Out of
thousands of letters I have chosen
a few that are representative of the
most common questions (special
thanks go to the Post Office for let-
ting me mix my three letters with
thousands of theirs so I could make
the above commenti.

Dear ()pcn Skull:

Last week you mentioned the
name "Uncle Lionel." Will you
please tell me who he is? 1 am sick
of your vague references.

Sick.
Dear Sick:

"Uncle Lionel" refers to my Un-
cle. His “will! is Lionel. Hope that
helps. i know it will help Uncle
Simon.

Dcar (lashed (‘raniumz

thii are yoti going to change
that silly picture at the top of your
column?

Vcry Sick.
Dear Very Sick:

You fool! Don‘t you realize you‘re
talking about the face that launch-
ed a thousand hairs? Without that
picture you‘d have to go back to
using dart boards.

Dear Drai'ty Dome:
Why did you do it?
Regretful.
Dear Regretful:
Because I love you.
Dear Drafty Dome;

I want the truth.

Regretful.
Dear Regretful:

Because it was fun, healthful. and

educational

Oral Interp
Classes Read
Prose, Drama

The classes in oral interpretation
and inLerpretiition of drama will
i:rescni. another evening of readings
lrom literature Tuesday at 8 pm.
ii. Draper 349, announces Susan
Carmichael ‘59, Chairman of the
cvciiiiig‘. Many flnc selections prom—
151' an enjoyable evening of listen-
iiig.

Selections From ()ral Interpretation

()n the program from the oral iii-
Icrprctnlion class are Frances York
reading “The Only Rose" by Sarah
()l'lil' .liwctt. coached by Gail Ho-
gan, Juniors; and Virgina Slondl
:35), reading selections from Lewis
Carroll's "Alice in Wonderland,“
coached by Lillian li‘cri'ara. (ii‘iill.
vau Sowzilsky '00, coached by Gloria
Meyers '50. will l't'lltl iroiii Francois
Muiii'izic's novel, “’l'lici'cse"; ltalpli
Wesslcinnii 'iill, coached by l‘llli‘li
I‘ll/paii'ick '50. will read "’l‘lic Scr-
iiioii on licll" iroin “I’oi'lrail oi llic
Ariisi as a Yilllili', Man" by James
Joyce; and licyci'ly Rnhn '50, will
read Jaiiics ’l‘liui'bcr‘s “'l‘hii'tccn

Clocks." coached by John licnici‘s.
(il'lltl.
Selections From Interpretation

()i' Drama

'liic lilil‘i‘]ii‘i‘i;iillii| oi drama class
linic i'liiiSi‘Il i\\o ililiSl liilci‘csiliig
selections: l\"ll.\.\l"iI/.1i:|li'li‘l\’ ili "Alice
Sn by tile l“ll'i"' by Sir Jaincs liar»
He. and Miss Alexi-r, .liiM'pll l"l\iiii
.ili, niui liciiici's ill "'llic ()lil lill.‘ll~
i'Iiii'” ii) ('liiigi'i‘l'i'u

:\;‘.iiI'S l‘l. Milli-lei. l’i'cicssoi' oi
l'.lil'll.\li, is ill cli.irc,i- oi ilil‘ l‘.iil(llrli
l‘.\i'iiiil".\ prcscnlcd lii‘l'l' by ihc slu—
dcnls oi llil' oral inlci'pi'clalioii
('l.i.\.\l‘h.

Dear Drafty Dome:

The TRUTH!
Dear Regretful:

For crying out loud, a guy does a
term paper that‘s assigned, and
right away he has to answer a
bunch of stupid questions!

Dear Battered Brainbox;

What would you suggest I do
when I enter for the first time those
great big doors of Draper Hall next
September?

Iliin School Chick.
Dear High School Chick:

Walk straight ahead for about two
hundred feet and make it out the
back door. Go about fifteen more
feet, and get splattered all over
Washington Avenue by a truck. I
intend to do the same thing tomor-
row. and look at how much time and
effort I wasted by delaying it for
three years.

Coni‘esiL Awards
Paris Vacation

Fly to Paris and spend seven days
of your summer vacation there with
all expenses paid. All this and more
can be yours if you happen to win
the title, “Campus Cartoonist of the
Year."

Open to All Undergraduates

The contest, sponsored by Box
Cards Incorporated, is open to all
undei'gradiuite students in colleges
throughout the United States. As
well as being the recipient of the
all expense paid tour. the winner
will receive royalties if his entry is
suitable for reproduction and sale
on greeting cards and so used. If
the card should be a commercial
success a contract with Box Cards
will be awarded.

I’rizes

Second prize is $250; third prize
is $101). Both the second and third
prize winners also have a chance
for if card designing contract.

Entries should be in card fonn to
facilitate judging and should also
be prepared as neatly as possible.
Each entry must be accompanied by
an entry blank available in the Co-
op and must be signed by the store
manager. Comedian Groucho Marx,
inunorist Steve Allen, and Al Capp.
t!.c creator of L‘il Abner, will be
,iudgcs.

 

Mennen Granted

Anyone who can think up situa—
ii in for cartoons can make $25 if
he Silliliilln a winning cartoon idca
ii the Mciincii Company. manu—
llli‘illl'l‘l'S of men’s toiletries. It chos-
cn by the company the cartoon will
appear lii its new scrics of :iilvcr—
iisenieiils.

I'oor 'Smcdli-y'

'i‘iu' carloons icaitui'e “Sincilli-y,”
lili lilili:l])])\, forlorn-looking colic—

giaii who is always gelling lhc
bi'nshoii lit‘l'dllM' he doesn't use
Mciincii Spray l)i‘ii(liil'lllii. When

he's around. i-vcigvbody Siiil'lS lo

lczivc a.» last as they call

'liiiiik Fast

Any siiidi-ni who wants to enter
iiic i'iiilli'hl should send a :llil‘il'li or
(l!‘~-.i‘lii)ll(ili oi llicii' cartoon iiica to
[re Mciiiicii (foiiipuiiy, iii cni'c of
"Siiicdlcy.’ Morristouii, New Jer—
sey, illiiliJ, with llieir name. address,
llllil colli‘gi'.

 

7300 Central Ave.

 

()I’ICN SUNDAYS

-I BM. - 8 l’.l\‘l.

MAYFLOWER

Albany

 

Religious Clubs
Hold Meetings,
E/eci Officers

Lutheran Student Association has
elected new officers for the coming
year announces Herbert Witt ’58,
the outgoing President. Linda Mat-
son ’60 was elected President. The
other new officers are Brita Rehig.
Vice—President; Lois Agne, Publicity
Director. freshmen; Donna Suits,
Secretary; and Walter Hcins, Treas-
urer. Juniors.

Leadership Conference

Dorothy Davis '59, Miss Agne and
Miss Rehrig will represent the
group at a State wide leadership
conference in Syracuse this week-
end.

Meeting

The LSA will meet Sunday night
from 5 to 7 pm. with the Westmin-
ster Fellowship Group at St. John’s
for a supper and discussion on the
topic. "Love for Love's Sake" led by
John Buerk, Student Assistant Pas—
tor ai. St. John's.

Inter—Varsity Christian Fellowship

Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship
will meet Thursday at 7:30 pm. at
Brubachcr Hall, according to San-
dra Kailbournc '61. Publicity Chair-
man. Ozzie Naumaii '59, President,
will direct this week‘s program of
group singing and discussion by the
organization's members.

Everyone is welcome at this meet-
mg.
Canterbury Club

Canterbury Club is sponsoring a
dinner for the members of their
facility Sunday night. This dinner
will take place at St. Andrew's Par-
ish House at 6:30 pm. The Very
Reverend Allan Brown will speak
at this meeting. He is the Dean of
All Saints’ Cathedral.

Cabinet:

Yager Sets MUD Date;
Ministers Review Budgets

It's time to think about Campus
Chest again and ways to raise
money next October, and so our
Cabinet did just that.

Six suggestions came forth and
they included a Student-Faculty
Fashion Show, a raffle, boosters
(they worked the last time), a Chi-
nese auction, a Jazz concert and
something new, an ugly-man con-
test.

Moving-Up Day will be held May
31 this year.

The Greeks and MUI)

Don Beardon, Minister of frat-
ernities and sororities, reported that
the sororities are going to keep elec-
tions within the sorority until Mov-
ing-Up Day. Any news on the frat-
ernities?

(‘ampus Commission

Something new and different to
impress you all: Campus Commis-
sion is working on places ti) put book
racks in the cafeteria next fall;
they are also checking on spots for
sand urns in the halls of Draper
Annex and Richardson

Meeting

The Cabinet will meet Monday
with the administration in order to
discuss the ever-present, ever-pop-
ular . . . Traditions and Rivalry.

Budgets

Ah spring! and time to review
budgets. Seems worse than a. soror—
ity cut session.

First we have Primer. Lucky peo—
ple they passed, and even get more
pages than last year.

Student Union Board, Forum,
Smiles, Campus Commission all

passed inspection.

The College Handbook will come
out with more pictures. a bigger
book. And then there’s the State
College News, hmmm. The confer—
ence line was cut from five to four

people, but it was a stirring debate
before the axe fell. Probably the
less said the better. but we are dis-
appointment We wanted to go too.

Pedagogue's budget was upped
again and maybe they’ll stay with-
in it this year.

Explanation:

We‘ve just learned what an “ugly-
man contest” is. (Anything for
lines. This has been a bad week.)
The newest college craze (may even
surpass Frizbyi—have your picture
taken and doctor it up as horribly
as you can—you're entered. Now
comes the money pitch . . . people
are going to pay to vote on which
is the ugliest picture. Now, what?

Classes S’ra’re
Cancellations

Sophomore and freshman class
Jan'iuets which were scheduled for
tomorrow evening have been can-
celled, announce Robert Helwig and
Richard Robinson, Presidents of
the respective classes.

Poor Sales

The reason given for the unex-
pected cancellation was the poor
sale of tickets to the affairs. The
Sophomores sold twenty-five and
the freshmen fifty-seven tickets.

Class Meetings

There will be a Sophomore class
meeting on the lawn in front of
Draper Hall at 1 pm. The freshman
:lass will meet in Page Hall at the
same hour. One of the points of
discussion for both meetings will be
the possibilities of planning an-
other banquet before the end of
the term.

 

SALE

On

OLLIVETTI

ROYAL

PORTABLE TYPEWRITERS

$50.00

As Advertised

in LIFE

 

 

Prints
Reduced
To

lOc
And
39c

 

Drastically
Reduced

Remainder
Books
Reduced
To
29c

 

 

 

Al The Slate College 

 

 

 

