 

PAGE 2

ROw, Row, Row Your House

Once upon a time we heard about the idea of a Greek
Row. There were some groups on campus who did not favor
it because they felt that if such an idea was put into prac-
tice it would mean greater control by the college adminis-
tration on their activities. The administration has ﬂatly
denied this intention. But the great majority were en-
thused about the idea and supported it. We like the idea
too, but we feel there is no time like the present to begin
a long-range plan such as this.

Two sororities have bought new houses already. It is
difﬁcult, we know to ﬁnd houses that are close, suitable
for group living and available, but you will run into this
problem at any time. A start on Greek Row could have
been at least tried. It wasn’t even considered.

There are at least two other sororities and two fra-
ternities that are looking for new residences. Are we going
to ignore another opportunity? Let's see a little more ac-
tion and less verbal support!

Dearie, Do You Remember...

An old education principle states that students should
be active in the determination of' the content of their cur-
riculum. But like many of the educational principles, there
is nothing that approximates it in reality.

A month or so ago, the administration released the
new curriculum changes. They came as a great surprise
to most. Most of the changes were considered good ones,
but that does not excuse the fact that there was no real
attempt to sample student opinion on this matter.

It was brought up to Myskania and they gave a report
on their feelings on the proposed changes. It should be
considered, however, that the members of Myskania are
Seniors and that it has been almost four years since they
have taken the courses they were asked to report on.

To be specific, the psychology department has changed
considerably in the last three years in its membership and
consequently in its methods of teaching General Psychol-
ogy. How can a group pass down an Opinion on a course
when they have never even seen the new “system” in
operation?

Administration has often voiced the opinion that stu-
dents should be concerned with academic problems and
the broader questions of education. We still remain, how-
ever, on the periphery in these matters. We don’t feel the
fault lies with the students!

What, Me Bound . . . ?

We usually complain that we never get any concrete
suggestions on how to improve the NEWS. This week, how-
ever, we must rescind this rash statement.

As many of you undoubtedly do not know, each Janu-
ary all the issues published in the past year are bound in
a smart leather volume. This volume is cherished for its
sentimental value and for other less noble reasons.

Only yesterday morning, one of the NEWS’ fans put
forth the best suggestion we‘ve had on this practice. He
informed us of a new scheme whereby the members of the
News Board would be bound instead of past issues. That’s
what we like about people—criticisms given subtly and
cheerily. Any more?

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916

 

BY THE CLASS OF 1918

~—

First Place CSPA

Second Place ACP

Vol. XLIII February 28, was No. i

Members of the NEWS stall may ill‘ ll'.|llil'li Monil.i\. 'l icsduy and Wednesday
from 7 to 11 p lll ill Ll»3i3i'.lli. l'lxl ll l‘liiiM . li'.'/;i,itlhk il-lllzt. Allll‘ Li 7030, Kiillipi
2‘9870.

'l'hc ulidi-igriidniilc iit'tt.\llil])l'l Ul iln NcVi Yolk Stale (Jillll‘lét' for 'l'iriii'licrs.
publlshcd every Friday of the college ycar by ll:c NEWS lioiiiu ior llll' Hllitli’lll,
Association

MARY Fl'l‘Zl'A'l'ltlt/‘K - ‘ ~ 7 - ~ - — — I'.ilitor~iii-Clllt'i
MARIE I)E'l"l‘ltll‘lll. — « - - - - r -— Insecuiite ('ii‘l‘lditur
JOSEPH SZAIH'ZK - - ~ ' r A - - - lirecutive ('o-liditor
MAItLENh‘ ACKL‘ItMAN » ~ - - r - ~ - Managing lﬂilltor
CAROL ALT“) » - - ~ - - litisiliess Advertising Editor
ANN Ill'l' ‘ ICUCK Business Advertising ('uunultulit
MAIUT-Jl' - Associate Editor
Associate Editor

Associate Editor

Associate Editor

» - Associate Editor

- l‘ublii: Itiiliitioiis Editor
- - —- Feature Editor
- — Sports Editor
(fli‘i-uiutiiiu-ltsuliauge Editor

 

JAMES MolIlllill . .
ELIZABETH si'imciut

MONICA ’l‘ltASKUS - - . . . . .
JOHN oiiiiik . . . . . _ _ V ﬂ
Airriicu I'LOTNIK . . . . . .
ILOIIL'IL'I‘ KAMI'F . . _ _ .
GRACE L'NGELS - . . . . . _ .

PHOTOGRAPHY - - - ' - State College Photo Service
All twinlnuliications should br addressed to the eiiitoi and must be signed Nuiiies
will be Withheld on request The S’lA'l'l'J UULlilriUI‘J NEWS lln‘liiili'o no responsibility
for opinions expressed in its columns oi izoiiiinuiia'aiioiis, ii.» .iiil'll cxpiiaisloiis do not
necessarily reflect its views

 

 '

 

 

KW KW
By ART PALAZZOLO

Now that the soggy. soot-grey
snow has given way to soggy. soot-
grey slush and the noises of the
city are mingled with the gurgling
streams from melting snow. a young
man's fancy lightly turns to
thoughts of the movies. (Well mine
does anyway!)

STRAND

Witness for the Prosecution star-
ring Tyrone Power, Marlene Diet-
rich and Charles Laughton is biiled
as "Unmatched . . . in a half cen-
tury of motion picture suspense!”
Whether this modest claim ap-
proaches reality would depend on
how successfully the screen play was
written from the play of the same
name. Because the movie starts its
run today. this humble reviewer was
unable to see it before this column
was written. However I did see the
play this past summer up at Sacan-
daga Lake and found it to have one
of the most complicated and involv-
ed surprise endings I’vc ever seen.
For all you “who-done-it" fans 1
would defy you to figure this one
out before the filial curtain. It's
nigh on impossible!

PALACE

Seven Hills of Rome with Mario
Lanza, Renato Pascel. Marisa Alla—
sio and Peggy Castle. It has been
said Itoo many timesr that Mario
Lanza sings like the great Caruso.
(This I rather doubt.) One would
suppose that he would be satisfied
to rest on his dubious laurels. but
no, he instead tears the poor green
leaves to shreds in this movie with
his imitations of Frankie Laine,
Perry Como, Dean Martin and even
Satchnio. Well, all I can say is that
Enrico is more fortunate than the
others~he‘s safely beyond earshot
ol' Mr. Lanza's voice. Also showing
is The Safccracker with Ray Mil-
land and Barry Jones. Based on a
true story of a safecracker turned
Commando.

DELAWARE

Alec Guinness is at it again with
his unique brand of humor. Guin-
ness fans certainly won't be disap-
pointed in this performance.

LELAND

Winchester '73 starring James
Stewart and Shelly Winters in the
exciting story of the Thompson
subinziehincgun and how it paved
the way for the settlement of the
west! The second feature is Criss
('ross with Burt Lancaster. A dar-
ing expose of" crooked hop-scotch
games!

MADISON
Don't Go Near the Water and
Decision Against Time.



To the Editor:

In the February 21 issue of the
State College News, Arthur Pull”.-
mlo asked the question: "When is
International Flinn Group going iii-
inriiatioiizil?" Mr Palazmlo appar-
i-iitly objects to the fact that all of
our films were not produced in for-
ciin countries. He is obviously un-
inl'oriiicd and or confused about the
function and pulll'lt'b‘ of Interna—
tional Film (lroup. We take this i.p-
pnrtuiilty to explain our position to
Mr. Pilll’I/MlU and all who are iii-
tci'csted.

 

 

First. it is iii-ccssury to establish
ilic point that there are two illlil
groups on campus. liiteriizitioiial
l"iliii Group llllfi the State (.‘ollcgi-
l"lllii Program. Ililt'l'lhlllolllli I"iliii
(il'ouli was organized to pl‘t-sciii not
only foreign films. but also classic
|)ll)till('tlllllS, iiioVit-s which employ
unusual or cxpcriiin-iilul draiiiziiic
illlll photographic ll‘t'illllqllm. and
1.. use which ll'ith‘ especially vailniibe
siziiJi-ct illllll.t‘l'. The Stiitc College
llilm l’i'ogi'i.i.ii was organized last
year lindcr the auspices of l.l".(l. to
])ll'>,l'lll. current. popular movies on
weekends for general ciitcriiiinuiciit,
and especially for those students iiol
interested if! the iiliii us fill artistic
medium. No restrictions limiting se-
lcetioii have ever been placer! on
either group.

We should like to point out that
among the fifteen films in the

l.l".(l. schedule this year. there are.
four French, one Japanese, one It-
itlouti'nucd on Pqu t’, Uotumli 5/

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 28. 1958

 

 

   

 

M
-4

 

ﬁll} he

 

 

“Don't mind l-Iadly. He always loses his head."

   

Anon.

Nothing's new. and nothing's true, and nothing matters.
YES. IT'S ()IIINGASI TIME

Rather than keep you in torturous suspense about our favorite sub-
jectAthe weekly Chingasi. we’ll give you the Word on who got it this
week. This dubious honor we bestow most gratefully upon Dr. Standing
for not living up to the movie versions of the egg-stained cravat. beat-
iip old hat, suit well—worn. hicks iiiishorn, college professor. The natty
attire we do admire, but one point we‘ll hash. is where's the mustache?
OUT DAMNED SLOP

We understand that the ghost of Mohamet Ghandi (Myrtle in dis-
guisei of starvation fame is the reigning regent of the cafeteria crew.
Those of us who are giving up desserts l'or Lent, ﬁnd the cottage cheese
salads THE MOST ifinanciallyi for the least iinzitei'iallyi. Somebody
clue in the kitchen that we Staters want our traps bated with more
cheese. Out with Ghandi, in with the sacred bull!

UNION WILL RISE AGAIN

"80 Rare" and "Tammy" are good songs, but last suiiinicr—not now.
Look back a few years and recall how our Union used to JUMP. Now it
can‘t even hop. Good popular music (the two are not syiionomousi and
dancing used to make the place buzz. "Two Hearts" is still heard there.
but from the card table. We don‘t have to do the stroll to the latest
concoction of some ten year old—we can always hear that on the NEW
WPTR. But let's have some good danceable. listeiiable music. so that
the Union will be dead "No More."

’l‘URNABOUT‘S—IHSMAY

The chuckle of the week conceins the letter received from the Stu-
dent Faculty Commission regarding sororitics‘ lack oi' interest lll their
faculty. For so long the students have tried to set their world on fire,
but how can you start a flame with no kindling. Our impression—~—"Hc
doth protest too much." We believe that the faculty is trying to get
there first with a complaint perhaps to soothe an aching conscience.
Look homeward. Angels.

IT'S ONLY A FLESH WOUND

I guess we're not the only ones who are tired of the "I get paid oil
it yearly basis“ attitude of the crew in white. because a little voice
issued forth from the T. B. line which echoed an old gripe that had
almost passed on unnoticed. He said:

The polio shots I iciilly got, but only just a taste.

The third. you see. was spared to file-7 I guess I'm just a waste.

The 'I‘. B. test's what I love best, but I'll really SLt‘tllll and burn.

If I only get a half of it. with a chaser of disconcci'n.

GOLDEN Dl'ES

If you want to sec all paiideiliiiiiiiiiii break loosc. Jud iiicntion lill'
mystery word li‘lNANi'l'I. Not only do they not linow llll' score. they
don‘t even know the name of the L'llllll'. 'ow's about it, Harry! A
liN’Illl'Sl:\Sltl‘.".".’

Last Saturday's new day. labeled FUD ill-rig lumpy 5(y1rH-[hlnu ll, pl;
desired. Maybe it's MUD? Lack of biiildiln to the toppings iiiadc thc
whole ceremony wholly uiiccreiiioiiious. The l'llil was Just that! lilii-rv—
one raced to gel til'i. including those on stage. It reminded us of rails
leaving ii silliilllg ship. Myskzuiia should have (ioln- a pump”- from
"The Boyfriend" to lengthen llll‘ time. since if lash-d ll'hs [hull an hour

As far as the results oi the election, our '.l'l(llf‘ll()l15 weren't had
A naive l“l'o>.ll summed up the ouhzoiiic vcry 'i‘.l'll. She said. "(‘icc, look
at our new illilCL'l'h. They all have iiioasiaclio. ‘

ItOW. ROW, ROW I'Ol'lt BOAT

Last wci k we hoped for Slll'llIL' this wcck we «got it! ii The Big 'l'liaii
 [tilll‘b(/lljllllllllflllﬁ may l.'.!‘i,vll,'h oat-rduc cicaiisiiiv. 'lhi- ncw dorm

. . . (\iiilk at Atlantic Lily ail if iii-cits ari- bathing
beauties i(l|l()(l luck in ilicsi-ui'cl:I. Too bad (‘aiiip lloard didn't ac!
the bout. As ioiiipclisation loi' i'ali'ti'l'la food, we could use ll lo ('llil'll
olll‘ lunch in llll' nearest slrcet

College Calendar

FRIDAY. li‘I‘IISItlJAItY 2
l 00 pin :llli‘lilll‘i‘ilili‘ril-“Class Mei-ling. Cal'clcrii. l"li-shiiiaii (‘licm Mch-
7 30 pin. "(.‘lnirli-y's Anni". 1540.
8:00 pm. Kappa Delta Open House
SUNDAY. MAIH‘II 2
2:00 pm. Phi Delta Faculty 'l'cii.
2:30 [i.lli. Siciiiu lihi Sigma li‘aculty Tea.
3200 p.lii i’sl (lllllillli‘i Faculty 'i‘cu.
MONDAY. MAIN?“ 3
 itiii. Eliiiigl'hir Hoosiers (in (in Sale.
.. pin. ‘ii Virgina 'lhi-lii (‘oll 1" i - - i .
0:00 pm. Phi Uclni Colli-c llourtloiulilllliil'nCllilbm” l 1 AIM“
’i'lTliSDAY, MAIH'II ll
80‘) pin Oral Reading of Literature, Draper 11,49
THURSDAY, MAItt‘ll 6
7:30 pm. "Orpheus". Draper 349.

 

 

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS.

 

7a am Mad

By ART PLO’I‘NIK

If you were as sick of my picture
as I am. as sick of Campus Queens
as I. and as sick of people who wake
up with the same miserable old
face morning after morning. then
you. too, would have carried out a
ruthless search for a Campus King.
just as I did this week.

I didn‘t ﬁnd one. of course. but I
did run across a few of these pic—
tures of Dave Case, at which point
I insisted that he take some more.
and let me print them in my col—
umn. He obliged. the kind man.
and the result was this series of
provocative poses designed to keep
you in a minor state of shock. Here
is a man of many faces, one of" un-
fortunately few people at State, and
'unfortunately‘ because a man of
two faces is twice as good as a man
of one, and so on, ad inﬁnitum.

The two pictures at the top
lwhich might be the handcuﬁ‘ pie.-
tures. depending on the whim of
the printer) are photos of Dave‘s
graduating class. Dave is dressed-up
because the photo was taken during
his commencement speech—to the
warden. Dave. in a speech class,
recently carried over his secondary
education in a speech explaining
the processes of looting various Al-
bany establishments. He received a
grade of ninety-ﬁve. This speech
followed one cxalting the Devil over
all entities.

The third picture (but and sun-
glasseSi is a candid shot of young
Dave us a Count. He was awarded
this title for having more counts
against him than any other appren-
tice hood in court.

Classes Start
Oral Reading

The class in Oral Reading of Lit-
erature will present its first evening
oi readings for the second semester
'l‘uesdiiy. March 4. at 8 ']).lll.. ac-
cording to Agnes E. Futtcrcr, Pro-
fessor of English and instructor of
the course.

The Readings

Those students presenting their
i'cadiiigs are: Donn-aha: Anderson
'00. coached by (jail Hogan '59,
rcadiiig Virginia Woolf's "A Haunt-
cd House"; Betty Aye ‘59. coached
by James Ayer ‘50, reading Robert
Browning's "'l'lii- Pied Piper ol
lIaiiiin“; (lcriild Dwight  couth
ed by John ltcincrs, Graduate stil—
(lciit, reading Antoine de Saint-
lt‘xupi-ry’s “The Little Prince": Carol
l"li_\’llll'lll. '50, coached by Joseph
l“ly’llll Till. reading J, H. Powors' “The
Valiant Woman"; and Anita Rosen-
hill!!! '59, coached by (iloria Meyer
'iiti, reading “The Monastery" by
Mul'lol‘ll‘ Kinnan
t'liiiiriiiiin

ltiioiia licviii '00. is cliiiiriiiiiii oi
the evening. which will he held in
Draper 349

W
.
(oiiicr ()lllill'li) 8t licilsoii

l,)l/\l.

FLORIST and
GREENHOUSE

Collage Mom} [or Yuri

 

411.")

 

 

Picture four. with beard, is one
of the ﬁnest items In the immense
Case collection, the largest collection
of Case pictures in the universe.

Picture ﬁve. gypsy with earring.
you must admit, pictures the mean—
est dude ever to confront a camera.
“He would kill for the woman- he
loved! Nothing could stand in his
way! See Date Case in his latest
smash hit, 'Betrayedl'"

Picture six. portrait of the young
man with collar up. is actually a
photo of Bob Mitchum trying des-
perately to imitate Dave Case. It's
not a very good imitation. but it‘s
a noble try nevertheless.

Seriously, there's a moral—or at
li‘ilsi, a method—to this madness.
The reason I've brought the Case
before your very eyes is. I think, an
admirable one; the Case is the
purest individual on campus. and
might well serve as an example to
those very people who would de-
precate him. You needn‘t put your
collar up. comb a DA. grow a beard,
wear a chain on your wrist. wear
an eye-patch or an earring, invent
card games. say exactly your
thoughts, own two apartments, wear
pegs. or even love yourself above
all othersa-these things the Case
has chosen with good reason to be
his characteristics. and he'll not
change at the whim of the tion-
believers—but good Lord, people.
come out of thine act and be thy-
self! Thus sayeth Art Prophet. who
hateth but one thing more than _ ,_
didacticism—squareS!  '3:

Religious Clubs Plan Meetings;
Schedule Elections, Speakers

(‘liannjng (‘lub According to Clinton Carpenter, this
Clllmnlm Club “,lll meet Sunday meeting will be the last in the series
evening. 7:30 pm. at 379 Washing- U“ 10"9 3”“ “111111380
ﬁlfflcﬁxiliillili"   Westminister Student Fellowship
ll“. Allmmi my. School Will give ll Margaret Carr '58, chairman of the
lllllk ml ‘llll. Suclelv Ol Fix-lends Westminlstcr Student Fellowship,
.Quukwsp “mph Wlll be followed reports that there Will be a meeting
by illl informal discussion. Aceord- bummy “L the Mum-50“ Avenue
(Mqu Slimlm '58, President” Presbyterian Church at 8:00 pm. It
RCl-mshmcnw Wlll will be the second one on Life and

Mission of the Church.
On Sunday. Inter-Varsity Chris-

C/ub Holds Meeting
'1 i‘e ii 's’i ' 'l “*V ‘ .
lllluilllf' llllllilllll'l Blbllli lllllsctllttcll.:(:blll)llllf To Promote Worship

iiouiiccs Ellen McLaughlin ‘58, Presi-
dent. This will be followed by an
M't‘illllL’, supper.

 

 

lll‘; to E
all are ilit'itcd.
be served.

lii ter- Varsity (‘liristizui Fellowship

Edward Bl'titlt‘l'h'li, President of
the Canterbury Club will hold ii

A mwlmu S(,hmlulvll lm. March 5 meeting Sunday at 7:00 pm. This
at 7:30 pm. will feature it talk by meeting will be held at St. Andrew's
Mlhﬁ Lllt’)’15"llllf‘ltli‘l" Al“) “L “1115 Parish house at Norili Miiili iiiitl
lilt‘l‘illlli. pans for service at tie ,

. . is e' \’l niies.

Scliciicctaily mission will be dis— WL L m A
“WSW” Canterbury Club is u unit of the
. . . , . National Student Council of the
MLUWIM “mm” Mum‘w'p Episcopal Church. Its purpose is

The Mi-iliodisl Student l"('llOWSlll]J the promotion of religious ideals of
will hold its iizi-etiiig at the house worship. siriice and friendship.
n1 ltevcrciid i'liiiiiinoiid, 22 l3clvo- ll'uthcr ltalph Cni'llllt'lllit‘l is the re—
dcrc Avenue. on Sunday of 0.00 pm. ligious adviser.

 

NEW SUNDAY
HOURS

7:30 AM. - 1 RM. 4 l’.IVl. - 8 RM.

MAYFLOWER

209 CENTRAL AVE.

 

 

FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 28. 1958

 

“cl/W J/owld”

 

M_

 

Kappa Delta

Charlotte Norton ’58, President of
Kappa Delta. states that the sorority
will hold an open house for all
statesmen tonight, from 8 to 11.
The Kappa Delta house is located
at 380 Western Avenue.

Psi Gamma

Psi Gamma is holding a Faculty
Tea Sunday from 3 to 5 pm, an-
nounces Patricia Kennedy '58. Presi—
dent.

Chi Slgma Theta

Patricia Corcoran '58. President of
Chi Sigma Theta. reports that the
sorority will hold a coffee hour for
Alpha Pi Alpha Monday night at
8:30. '

Commerce Club
Invites Guest
To Conference

Lovina Bright ’60 reigned as
Queen over the recent Sadie Haw-
kin's Dance sponsored by Commerce
Club. She was elected from among
five ﬁnalists at the dance held last
Friday at Brubacher Hall. Music for
the affair was provided by the “Earl
Kent Kwintet."

Annual Conference

An annual conference sponsored
by the Commerce Club will take
place Saturday, April 26. A guest
speaker will be featured at the
Conference; this speaker will be a
leader in the ﬁeld of Business Edu-
cation. Also planned among the
events of the Conference are group
discussions in which teachers from
all over the state will participate.
The topic of these group discussions
will be an examination of items of
current interest to teachers in the
business ﬁeld.

 

 

0m 74a Zara/range

THANKS

A chicken in every pot;
A bottle for every sot,
A rattle for every tot,
Vote for me.
Thanks a lot.
I'll biuld new roads.
Vote for me.
Thanks loads
I'll build new roads.
Vote for me.
Thanks fools.
You want your slice,
I‘ve got my price.
I‘m new but I'll get the hang;
Vote for me.
Thanks gang.
—'l‘hc Nleuw Yawkcr

A self-instructed lad I was, tor—
mented by his teachers.
—’I‘he MeGill Daily

There are two kinds of sonnets:
the Shakespearean, and the Caesar-
iaii; Scientifically speaking: Convert
l7 inches to gallons; draw it full
size blueprint of the Golden Gate
Bridge. including the proper space
for bolt holes and rivets. In Eng~
lisli: Did you Enjoy Silas Marner‘.’
If lint, through what defect in your
character do you attribute this?

—-—’l‘lic Buclnicllliin

 

L. G. BALFOUR

Fraternity Jewelry
Badges, Steins, Rings
Jewelry, Gifts, Favors
Stationery, Programs

Club Pins, Keys

Medals, Trophies
UNIVERSITY v.0. BLDG.
17] Marshall St.
GIt5-7837

Carl Sorenson, Mgr.

 

 

Phi Delta

Phi Delta has scheduled a faculty
tea for Sunday from 2 to 5 p.m..
states Patricia Gearing '58 Presi-
dent. The sorority has also planned
a coffee hour with Edward Eldred
Potter Club Monday night at 9.
Carol Mallozzi ’60 was initiated last
Monday.
Sigma Alpha

Marlene Furner '59. President of
Sigma Alpha. asserts that the sor-
ority has initiated Elizabeth Browne
and Sandra Ferreira. Sophomores;
also freshmen. Agnes Gonsalves.
Marie Miranda. Mildred Vojtek. and
Fran Wnuk.
Sigma Phi Sigma

Freida Cohen ‘58. President of
Sigma Phi Sigma, states that the
sorority has initiated Gloria Meyer
'59. Helen Beall '60 and Francis
Fleck. Myra Lipschitz. freshmen.
The sorority plans a faculty tea
Sunday. from 2:30 to 5 pin. and
an Open House for Statesmen next
Friday.

 

Rm
ErhIGZOM/u'fz

three hundred and twenty lines
. . and why are there two emp-
ty pages at the end of the
NEWS? . . . well. six pages with
four pages of news . . . your
first issue? . . . she bats her long
curly eyelashes (two of them!
and yells for help . . . “Can you
stretch that to sixty lines? . . .
the NEWS always comes out on
Friday . . . “He promised he'd
write that story” . . . “Did any-
body do this “pink thing” (a
story on a pink piece of paper)
. . . “Where can you put your
editorial policy?" . . . The
NEWS almost always comes out
. . . “Did anybody do sororities?
. . . “Look through the old pap-
ers for editorial policy” . . . “All
I have is six holes left in the
paper" . . . “Do you have a third
copy over there?" . . . a tele-
phone rings—“That’s for me!"
. she bites a finger-nail . . .
“twenty-six and twenty-six is
how much?" . . . an English
major . . . the NEWS sometimes
comes out . . . the NEWS . . .
“Wonder how it would be if we
broke tradition . . ."

 

Senators Sell
Fair Boosters

The spring season at Albany opens
w ith State Fair and State Fair opens
next Saturday.

The annual event to raise money
ioi' the Foreign student Fund will
be under tne Chairmanship of Mar-
ion Sciortiii-i and Donald McClain,
Juniors. ihis year.

Other chairmen for State Fair are
Ptillilit Vl\‘i)llli. Secretary; Amelia
Podber. ’I‘rcasiirer; both are Juniors.
Sophomores. llhoda Levin and Mar-
ion Slit'el‘slt‘lll will be in charge of
Boosters and Publicity resiwctively.

lobsters will go on sale Monday
and will be sold by Senators at 25
cents apiece.

 

Thaw
Out
at
the

SNACK
BAR

 

 

\

 

