 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. APRIL 18. 1958

PAGE. 6

 

All In The Game:
Assault On
Great Outdoors

By JACK LEWIS

Before embarking upon any predictions, reports, or
otherwise, I would like to take an opportunity to join with
my colleague in extending a farewell to Bob Kampf, our
previous sports editor. After climbing into his shoes, we
must now grow into them and prove ourselves as he did.
It is with this realization that we can assure you that
only our best efforts will go into this page, and in follow—
ing Bob’s example and hopes, we will attempt to bring
complete and detailed coverage and unbiased presentation.

As a matter of policy we would also say that anyone
who wishes to submit an article of sports interestto the
paper should contact either Jim or myself. Its publication
will be assured, providing time permits. By. working With
the coaches and school organizations in this manner, we
hope to present news of interest to all.

 

Spring Issues Its Call

With the advent of this past week’s inspiring weather
there has been an all-out assault on the great outdoors by
the State College students. The softball hopefuls and ten—
nis enthusiasts have been joined by the sunbathers, sta-
tioned at strategic points about the dorms. However we
still ﬁnd some conservatives pursuing their favorite'ac—
tivity in the “inner sanctums" of Bru. Some people Just
can’t give up those cold weather contact sports!

Prcrision roadability was vital on this wild trail!

CHEVY TAMES
THE TOUGHEST
TRANSCONTINENTAL
HIGHWAY!

the towering Andes, in 41 hours.

 

 

PedsStageOpeningFrayTomorrow;
Team To Be Backed By New Talent

By DAVE MILLER

The Richﬁeld YMCA ballpark will
be the home grounds tomorrow as
the Albany Baseball Peds open an-
other season by entertaining Utica’s
Tangerines in a 2 p.m. fray on the
Partridge Street diamond. The ﬁeld
may be reached by going over Part-
ridge past Madison Avenue two
blocks.

Several new faces wil be in the
lineup, perhaps as many as seven. as
Coach Dick Sauers indicated he was
“reasonably sure" that only two hold
overs would start with "possibly" as
many as ﬁve. The two the Fed

Varsity Club To
Show Movies

Wendell Fowler ‘58, President of
the Varsity Club. has announced
that there will be a special meeting
today at 1 p.m. The meeting will
take place in Draper Auditorium.

Movies of the 1956 Olympic Games
will be shown. Anyone interested in
seeing these ﬁlms is invited to at-
tend. Following the showing of the
ﬁlm there will be an extremely im-
portant business meeting of the
club. All members are requested to
attend this meeting if it is at all
possible.

Air Conditioning—temperotures made to order—ior all-weather comfort. Get a demonstrationl

  

\Yiili liood scaletl shut by the

wizard was sure of were co-captain
Howie Caldwell and Ray Have-r, at
ﬁrst and second base respectively.
Included as possibilities were Wen—
dell Fowler (who came out. late for
practice and may not be in shape
for competition yet), Ken Brett,
who saw action two years ago, and
the other co-captain, Wes Brown.
Brown will pitch if the starter, new-
comer Pete Spina, is unable to go
tomorrow. Brett and Fowler are
both outﬁelders.
Newcomers Bow

The choice of catchers confront-
ing Sauers is one of a returnee or
one of two new men. Tony Corcella,

spat: spam-91.:

Spotlights fall on a host of indiv-
iduals this week. The men in mind
are the 1958 edition of the Peds‘
varsity baseball squad which opens
its season tomorrow against Utica
College.

 

The Feds are captained this year
by Howie Caldwell and Wes Brown.
Let‘s cheer the Feds on to a win-
ning season by putting them in the
cheering spotlight as well.

 

Grade Relaitlcr g.|\e extra broking on corkscrew descenis.

Automobile (Ilub of Argentina,

a ’38 ('.he\‘rolct stution \vuuoii hustled from lluenos Aires to
\'.‘ilp.it‘.tiso, (flulc, um/ It’ll/l o\'ci' the highest truns't'ontiIicnl.il
road in the world! Your it rocketed two miles high in the
sk\'——-:ind not oiie drop of oil or water was added, nor was
the mighty 'lilllllti-Vl'lllllxl Vii e\‘ct' shut olll Here was .tll
llll-illll test of (Chen's new enLtiiie, of tlic l‘uibogliile trans—

mission, linnbo»l lt lllll l)I‘.ikc~,

l'ull (loil \lhlll'llslllil dilil lliill—

Rdit‘ stcciinu tiiuinplmni proof of .ill the advances that

have iimdc ('heviolet great [If "M!

You'll yet the turf buy on the best scllerl

Atlantic to Pacific and back, across

Don’t miss your (.r'I/cvrolut dealer’s

APRIL SALES

See your local authorized Chevrolet dealer for quick appraisal— prompt delivery!  m

SPECTACULAR!

‘l‘ fultWAkU

who relieved Bob Granados behind
the plate last year, may not get the
nod in spite of good preseason per-
formances as the coach could go for
a freshman who has shown great
potential and spirit, Don Donate.
The big fellow from Ossining, who is
also on Student Senate, must com-
pete with Tom Buckley for the
position.

The battery will be completed by
Pete Spina if his condition permits,
or by Wes Brown. In either case,
ﬁrst baseman Howie Caldwell will be
on hand to relieve.

Infield Set: Outﬁeld Strong

A Long Island boy. Dick Lewis,
has drawn the praise of much of
ilie team as well as Sauers for his
glossy play at short where he will
start tomorrow, with Ron Cook to
his right at third. This combina-
tion should provide a tight inﬁeld
as all of these boys have speed and
class in their style of ball. The
outﬁeld. while not set, is expected
to contain Larry Guiidemiaii at one
place and Ken Brett at another.
The third could be ﬁlled either by
Fowler or another newcomer, Connie
Schmidt.

Around the Inﬁeld: Most home
games will be at Bleeker stadium
. . a facelifting at Bleecker has
made the dugout and bleacher areas
look respectable there . . . watch
Don Dona to as the season progresses

. shortest man on the mound
staff is Dave Oakleaf, but he can
throw . . . left handed pitching may
make the difference this spring . . .
don't forget to get the season sched-
ule tomorrow at the game . . . an
LA. Dodger scout is rumored to be
in the area and may take in the
game tomorrow.

Ped Keg/ers
Drop 4-0 Ta/ly

To Engineers

With only two weeks remaining
in the Intercollegiate Capital Dis-
trict Bowling League, the Albany
State varsity keglers are striving to
hold on to their fifth place position
in the six team loop.

League leading RPI ruined the
Pcds‘ chances of gaining ground on
the circuit leaders when it handed
the Albanians a 4-0 defeat on the
Lathani Circle alleys Tuesday night.

The victory nearly assured the
Engineers the 1937—58 title with
only Union's quintet in competition.
Siena and Hudson Valley. the
third and ioitrtli place squads. rc-
spci'itycly, are too far back to i'ult'li
up iii two weeks.

Peterson Iliin li'or l'eds

The defeat left Stale only the
caiiics ahead of last Illztce Albany
business College and was "credited"
to vacaticn idleness. All oi the Perl
stars except Irv Pctcrson were far
below their averages.

Peterson was the only Pi-d ki-glcr
to hit ilie magic 200 circle, gariici"
mg :1 211 in the first. game He add«
ed games of 175 and 157 for a Frill
series.

Sullivan Returns

The one shining light which the
i’eds received this week was the re-
turn oi 'l‘om Sullivan from student
teaching. With Sullivan's 1'10 ltVt‘l‘—
uge back on the roster the l’cds
should be able to move up at. least
another iioicli in the circuit pro—
\'l(llll‘,.‘, they regain their pi'e-\'aca-~
tion iorin

 

L. (I. BALFOIIII

Fraternity Jewelry
Badges, Steins, Rings
JeWeli'y, Gifts, Favors
Stationery, Programs

Club Pins, Keys

Medals, Trophies
tiNivicitst'rx 1'.o. BLDG.

17] Marshall St.
on 5-7337

Cart Sorcnson, Mgr.

 

 

 

 

 

i
l
l
l
a

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. APRIL 18. 1953

PAGE 7

 

 

From This Vantage Point:

 

Lack Of Intra-
Mural Participation

 

By JIM DOUGIIERTY

Are you a member of the “200 Club”? I wonder how
many of us are aware of the fact that roughly 200 of the
900 men in school participate in intramural sports. This
is less than 30 per cent. It doesn’t seem very possible to
me that 70 per cent of the men in this school do not wish

to participate in organized sports. Yet intramural sports

were organized in this school for the express purpose of
allowing all men who wish to play to do so. What has

caused this situation?

In my opinion organized intramural sports in this

school are just a little too organized. Getting on a team

is too highly competitive for the average player. While
it may be nice to know that we have all topnotch players

on our intramural teams it would be even nicer to know

that we have many really interested men playing on the

teams. So often an interested, fairly good player sits on

the sidelines for most of the season because trophys are

more important than giving a man the chance to play,
have fun and develop his athletic abilities.

Grantland Rice, a truly

great sportsman, once said.

“When the great scorer comes to mark against

your name,
He writes not ‘won‘
the game.”
A Word 01‘ Thanks

or ‘lost‘, but you played

In closing I would just like to thank Bob Kampf for
all the assistance he has given me this year. I feel very
proud to follow in his footsteps.

Softball Begins Monday;
Three League System Set Up

By BOB

Once upon a time in the AMIA
intramural softball league there
were many hard fought contests
which resulted in scores of 25-7.
34-2. etcera. etcera. etcera. This tale
of woe is a thing of the past. and
the moral of it is—better organiza-
tion makes for better competition.
'l‘hrce Leagues Formed

Lcaguc chairman Bob Backer, said
in an interview Wednesday night
that the icaiii captains hope they
have found a solution to the de-
plorable battles of the past by evenly
dividing the fifteen teams this year

SeasonOpens

On April 26

Prospects oi relieving the famine
at varsity sports at Albany are good
ii the response to the call for tennis
on till illu‘l'i‘tlllt‘illilti‘, club basis any
indication

A wide range oi talent. from Sen-
for down to freshman, is practicing
daily in preparation for the April
36 opener at New Paltz and six
matches folowmg. Three are slated
ior ilie home courts and four on the
lead in schedule which will purulch
llli‘ varsity baseball schedule
'I'urnotii Promising

(‘oach Merlin Hathaway indicated
his pleasure at the turnout. which is
a big hlt‘I) to achieving \ai".iiy le\cl.
when he declared that t'\t't'\ man
oi the loui'tcen man \quad "has
what it takes to become a \ci'y :uuul
lilalcl” illltl lllul "prospects are
i'ootl '

lippciclas.~-nien out for the .port
ltu'llltlt' ilob Kampt. who has made
.t name for himself bcioi'c lll [enun-
ciiclcs. .uid H'ftltll' Ilob l'fnz'leh
l"i'csluncn mtlude such Ill‘l'ritlllﬁ as
[.ou \‘Volncr of >.occcr experienci- and
(fury Lynch.

The short little the squad liar;
t.cen together has been offset by
the perfect weather for the past,
week aiul the squad should. with
continued tuck from the weather, be
in good >liapc ior lhc trip on April
26. It has been devoting the first
week to basic stroking and condi-
tioning pending the arrival of nets
which the state seems to have chi'—
looked in the plans,

Six Itclnaln

The remainder of the schedule:
April 30, at Stcna; May 9. New
Paltz; May 14, Siciiu; May 17. at
Potsdam; May It), ()ncontil; May
30. at ()neonta.

A contest consists of iivo matches,
four singles and a double, played

 

by six men. Each is five sets.

KAM P F

into three leagues as to expected
competition and calibre of players.
This move. it is hoped. will increase
ilie interest for softball and at the
same time make the games interest—
ing and exciting “pitching duels."
Action Commences Monday

The newly formed three league
system this year lists four teams in
the Albany League IPotter. Pogos,
Alpha Pi Alpha. and Sigma Lambda
Sigiiiai, ﬁve teams in the State
League (EEP. Rousers. Apaches,
Kappa Beta. and Saylesi. and six
sqrads in the Teachers League
thlkCI‘S. Ridge. Union Heights,
Cobras, Finks. and not to be taken
literally. the Leftovers). Opening
day oercviiotiies will take place Moli-
duy at 4:15 on the Bevei'wyck and
Page Field diamonds when ICICI’
meets the Itousers iii the State
League kickoff on the former field,
and Alpha l’i Alpha and Sigma
Lambda Sigma clash on the latter
in the Albany League opener. The
Apaches and Kappa Betti meet. in
the second State League contest
Tuesday at 4:15 on Bcverwyek and
I’ottcr (‘lub opens defense of its
1957 title by facing the l’ogos at
Page. ’l‘caclicrs League action coni-
inenccs Wednesday as the Jokers
and Ridge square off on the Bchr-
wyck diiuiiond.
la‘vciiing Games

(nice the clocks get pushed ahead
to make way for daylight saving
Illllt', evening action will take place
~o that the teams in ilic Albany
League can complete little games
.ilitl lllt' other circuits can iiiush
their lcn panic hllIl/t't-i

it is hoped that this year's
thanwcs will inti'case the competi-
Hie pirii ltl lllc respective lcuillieh
 \\t‘ll us add to :-.pceiator lllli'l't'd
.‘s‘iat: might not li;t\c expanded to
the \‘.t'\l (‘iJllhl iii ll-. t'llllllt’t‘h. l)lfl
hellcr lliuii Waller il'Malley. llllh
\mr's commissioners had the in~
teresl oi the student body at heart.
when they set up their progiam

Kappa Delta
Wins Semi-Final

The semi-ﬁnal rounds of the
Tuesday night basketball league
ended with a victory for Kappa
Delta over Chi Sigma Theta. 18-
12. and an 18-6 victory over Phi
Delta. The winners of the final
rounds of the Tuesday league will
play the Thursday night winners
for the championship.

WAA was represented at the re-
cent Mid-Atlantic Regional Confer-
once of College Women held at
Grove City College, Penn. during
the weekend of March 30- to April 1
by Sally Weeks and Dec Gigllo.
Information as to the outcome of
ilie conference and about the college
itself will be posted on the WAA
bulletin board.

Spring Sports (‘ommence

Tennis tournament details and
sign-up sheet will be posted. Con-
tact Donna Harris. Manager, for ad-
ditional information.

Volleyball and Softball begin next
week announce Volleyball managers,
Bunny Silvci'stei‘ii and Frieda. Fair—
burn, and softball managers Ellie
Silverstcin, Grace Engels, and Sun-
ny Sunsti'tiiid.

A request is made to girls parti-
cipating in WAA events to turn in
their hours for sports to all sports
managers.

Coaches P/an
Sports, Meetings

Coach Joe Garcia has called a
meeting of all those students inter-
ested in playing soccer itcxt season.
The meeting will be this afternoon,
April 18, at 4 pm. in Page Gym.
Anyone. at all interested in playing
the sport next fall is urged to at-
tend. No previous soccer experience
is necessary. If you plan to try out
for the team, just attend the meet—
ing and find out all the details
from Coach Garcia or co—captains
Gus Tillman and Lou DelSignore.
Sign—up Sheet

It has been announced by Coach
Hathaway that there will be a
sign-up sheet for track and golf
posted on the AMIA Bulletin Board.
Anyone who desires to participate
in either of these sports is re-
quested to sign-up as soon as pos-
sible. It has been pointed out that
the more people that sign, the bet-
ter the program will be.

Lorric/iio, N ind /
Lead Tourney

The intramural mixed doule
tournament is well under way. ’i‘h-
first five couples hare completh
their three games on the Rice alleys.
’l‘ht tournament will end on Sunday
:iiici'iian with the last of the twen—
iy»ihrec counlc. rolling for high
panic honors.
liot'ricchio And Nindle Lead

.lim l.i)l'l‘li'i'lilo and Charlotte
l\'llidlc llll\t' shot into the lead of
the tournament in \ll'ltli' of their
.927 pm combined lt'lplc (‘losc be—
hind arc flick l’ardec and Jean
Nicolai. Jean's Jill coiiibiiicd with
Dick's lilit triple to give them a
total of it'll: jins. L'ootl for second
plate.

()1 the ll’llidltilllll the couples
only one approached the ill‘t‘lhl\‘
lcutl set down by the l.orrichio tint
l’dt'ili‘e teams tin-k l'rancois and
limb l’ulunio iouiinned their tal
l'illh Io ‘lllt'llt‘l an 81;: total with
l"l'ttllt't)lh‘ rollim: a -l~l‘.! 'l'llln ranks
as second highest single total so 1.11
in the llll‘l'llitllll'lll

 

NI'IW SUNDA Y

HOURS

7:30 A.M. - 1 RM.

MAYFLOWER

209 CENTRAL AVE.

 

  

 

BE IT EVER SO HUMBLE

'l‘oday let us apply the hot white light of sustained thinking to
the greatest single problem liesctting American colleges. I refer,

of course, to hoinesickncss.

It is enough to rend the heart, walking along ti campus at
night and listening to entire dormitories sobbing themselves to
sleep. And ill the morning when the poor, lorii students rise,
from their tear—stained pallets and refuse their breakfasts and
shumblc off to class, their lips trembling, their eyelids gritty,

it is enough to turn the bones to name.

What can be done to overcome homesickncss? Well sir, the
obvious solulioli is for the student to put his home on rollers
and bring it to college with him. This, however, presents three

serious problems:

1) It is likely to play hob with your wine cellar; many wines,

‘Us' we all know, will not travel.

 

‘2) 'l‘herc is the matter of getting your house through the
Holland 'l'unnel, which has a clearance of only M feet, 8 inches.
This, of course, is ample for ranch houses, but quite impossible
for ('upt- (‘otl.-, (icorgituis, and Stiliboxcs, and l, for one, ihitik
it would be :i flagrant injustice to deny higher education to
students from ('ape ('od, Georgia, and Snlibox.

it) There is the question of public utilities. Your house—-
and, of course, all the other houses in your iown»-~hus wires
leading to the municipal power plant, pipes lendingr to the Hill-
nicipul water >upply and gas main. So you will find when you
to college that you are, willy—hilly,
dragging all the oilicr houses in lo\\‘ll with you. This will result
in iffle population >lllll." and will make the Bureau of the

start rolling your hot

('eiisus cross as bears.

No, I‘m afraid that taking your house to college is not feasi-
ble. The thing to do, then, is to make your cmnpus lodgings as

close a replica of your home as possible.

Adorn your (Illul'lt‘h with familiar objects, things that will
(atlll>l:illll_\' remind you of bottle. Your brother Sam, for instance.
(tr your t‘lllll‘lhltlll papers. (tr a carton of Alarlboros.

'l‘hcre is nothing like Alai'lboros, dear friends, to make you
feel completely at home. 'l'hcy'rc so t'lhl’, so friendly, so wel-
come, so likable. 'l‘hc filler is great. 'l‘lie flavor is iunrvclotis. 'l‘hc
l‘lip-lop llo\ is wonderful, 'l‘he tattoo l> optional.

llccoruiing your «litigious with familiar objects is an excellent
t'ctm-«ly for how-sickness, but it is not without il.~ hazards.
lake, for ili~l:ilicc, the ease of 'l‘igliot' Hiiluloos and l‘h‘lliltl'tltdi
ltauuch who were :l>>i;,‘,lli‘tl to share a roqu last fall lit the.

freshman dorm.

'l‘ignor, :ui lt't‘valittlllltl, addict from Minnesota, brought with
lllill ll b:it'l'cl~ o\et' which he lti'ltl pimped flu- pi'c\iou:~ winter
to win the Minnesota Jumping-thet'~li:iti‘el~ ('hampionship,
l'.'~l:ilirooli, .‘t history major from Al:i~~:ielili~cll>, brought.

l’l,\lnolllll lloch’.

Well >ll', lbcl'c \\:i~ simply not enough room for 'l-l ltlll'l't‘l.‘ :ilitl
l'lylnoulli llilt‘h too. 'l'ignot' and l‘:~lalu'ook fell into ~licli a \lo-
lcni iptui‘l'cl llml the entire dorm \\:t.~ licoi :t‘.\:il\'e for twch
days and tin-lye nights. finally the llt'flll of Alcn was called in
lo :ulpiilieuic the tllsplttc. llc lislciicll carefully to both >ltli'> of
the argumcnt, then lllltl\ 'l'ignorand l'lsizihrook and pierced llit'll'

l‘lll'.\ llllll >lllll them to gypdcs

4 ‘. .

.iml note all in quiet in the dorm, out! everyone sits in
peace ulul WHO/NIH his i’lIurlhtn'os, u'ltosc makers bring you
this column throughout the school year.

(By the Author of “Rally Round the Flag, Boys!” and
“Barefoot Boy with Cheek.”)

i 11th.! .\lui.~|oilmun

      

 

4 l’.iVl. — 8 RM

 

 

 

Gerald Drug Co.

217 Western Ave.

Albany, N. Y.

Phone 641610

We Aim To Please

JOE’S BARBER SHOP

N our Washington Ave.

 

 

 

