 

 

  

PAGE 2

Here We Go Again . . .

Wednesday night Senator Donato moved that the
Constitutional clause which sets the academic require-
ment for Presidential and Vice-Presidential candidates at
2.5 be amended. The proposed amendment would lower
the requirement to 2.3.

At the beginning of last semester, a similar motion
was discussed by the Senate. It was voted down on the
principle that the Senate “would not change the consti-
tution to ﬁt a personality.” The principle was good, ideally
speaking, but looking at it from a realistic point of view
we felt then, and we feel now, that it was unfair to the
possible candidate for Student Association President.

A Senator who wrote a letter to the Editor the week
following Senate’s decision asking them to consider how
they would have voted if the amendment had been brought
up earlier in the semester. We wondered, too, and now
we are going to get an opportunity to see how they vote
when there isn’t a political “crisis” pressing.

Our question now is whether this amendment isn’t
really another attempt to adjust the constitution for indi-
viduals. We’ve heard at least two Senators remark that
the amendment has been proposed to assure the possibility
of having more than one candidate running for Student
Association President next year.

Of course we must congratulate the Senators who
have taken into consideration the fact that a situation
similar to the one that occurred in this year’s electioneer-
ing might arise next year. At least they aren’t waiting
until the last minute for the “big Push.” But what of the
principles of last semester? New Senators . . new prin-
ciples.

Guess What? . . .

We’ve decided to go gung-ho in praising State this
week. We’d like to recapitulate some of the really worth—
while events we had at the college this past year which
we might have missed because of our “policy of nega-
tivism.”

The shortened sorority rushing period . . . the State
College Theatre production of “A View from the Bridge”
. . . a long Thanksgiving vacation . . . January to January
elections in February . . . Music Council’s Jerome Hines’
concert . . . a day’s vacation because of the elements . . .
a near two—day vacation (thwarted at the last minute by
the vigilant administration) . . . our fabulous basketball
team and coach . . . our win over Siena . . . the spirited
pep rally that sent our team off to meet Rider College . . .
our government running smoother than it has since . .
a very successful Parents’ Day . . . the tremendous State
College Revue production . . . the “radical” State College
News. . . .

 

College Calendar

FRIDAY. MARCH 28
1:00 pm. Music Council. Page Hall.
8:00 pm. Faculty Night, Brubacher.

APA Date Party. Fort Orange Club.
SATURDAY, MARCII 29
5:00 am. Dawn Dance. Brubachcr.
6:30 pm. Communtcrs' Club Banquet, Circle Inn.
8:00 pm. Channing Club Movie. Channing Hall.
SUNDAY. MARCII 30
2:30 pm. Handbook Staff Meeting, Brubacher.
5:00 pm. Lutheran speaker. St. John‘s Meeting House.
6:30 pm. Canterbury Club. St. Andrew’s Parish House.
MONDAY, MARCH 3|
8:00 pm. Gamma Kappa Phi Coffee Hour. Varsity Club.
8:30 pm Kappa Delta Coffee Hour, Potter.
WEDNESDAY. APRIL 2
11:50 am. Easter Recess begins.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916
BY THE CLASS OF 1918

 

First Place CSPA Second Place ACP
Vol. XLIII Mtii'cli 28. 1958 No. IO

Members of the NEWS stall llilty be reached Monday, Tuesday iind Wednesduy
from ’I to 11 p in at. 25-31520. Ext 11. Phones I"llﬁlidl.i'll.'l( li-lli‘M. Alllc 2-’lii30. Kain}!
2~9ii'iO.

'I’iie undergraduate newspaper of the cht York State College for 'l'ciiclieria.
published every Friday of the College year by the NEWS Board for the Student
Association
MARY FI'I‘ZI‘A'I‘RICK - - — » - ~ - - — r i‘Lditor-iii-Ciiirf
MARIE IJE'I‘TMI'ZIL - - - - v r - ~ - — Executive (lo-Editor
105K?" HZAREK - - - - ' ' ' - - v Executive (Jo-Editor
MARLENE ACKEItMAN - - - < - - - Managing ltditor
CAROL ALTIC - - - - - - - Business Advertising Editor
ANN III’I‘CIICOCK ‘ - ~ - - v - ltunliicba Advertising Consultant
MABI'I'JENTOI'T NILblnN < - < - < r - v - Associate Editor
MAIH' ELLEN JOHNSON - - - - - - - - - Associate Editor
JAMEH MCIIUGH - - - - - ‘ - ' — - —- Annotate Editor
ELIZABETH SPENCER - - - - - Associate Editor
MONICA ’I‘RAHKIJH - - - - - Associate Editor
JOIIN QUIRK ‘ - - - - ' - Public Relations Editor
Aﬂ'ﬂlliu I'LO'I'NIK - - - - - - - - — - — Feature Editor
ROBERT KAMI'I“ - - - - v A ‘ — — — - Sports Editor
(IuACE ENGEIIH - Cir—eulation-I‘Lxciiaug Editor
PHOTOGRAPHY - - - - — - - State College Photo Service
All communications should be Mddl’t‘liiwd to the editor rind must be signed. Name-ii
will be Withheld on request The B'I'A’I‘E COLLEGE NEWS assumes no reepotwlblllty
1m opinions exprenbed In its columns or wtnuninicatloiia, as such expreisnione do not

necessarily reflect its viewer.
owl“

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MARCH 28. 1958

 

 

Notice

As a result of the expression on
the part of many students of a de-
sire to learn more about the re-
quirements for Teacher Certifica-
tion, Oscar E. Lanford, Dean of the
College, will answer questions posed
to him by a student panel Monday
at 3 pm. in Draper 349.

All students are invited to attend
this program sponsored by the stu-
dent chapter of the New York State
Teachers Association.

8W

To the Editor:

 

 

The student who wrote the nar-
row-minded condemnation of the
most widely-read column contained
within the pages of this glob of
mutilated wood pulp must indeed
have a very “Closed Mind.” And yet
I'd be willing to bet that the very
column which she so authoritatively
terms “juvenile” is the first one into
which she sticks her nose every Fri-
day morning.

Let's face it. the “Open Mind” of
Art Plotnik is the favorite topic of
discussion around here and she
knows as well as I do that the first
question out of the mouths of us on
Friday mornings is “Hey. d'ya read
Piotnik's column yets?" I have
been roaming these dingy tunnels
btit a semester. and I’ve already dis-
covered for myself that without the
spark of Art’s ingenuity and orig-
inality, this publication would not

e half as attractive as it is now.

Anyway, without the eccentrics of
that misunderstood artist to tear
apart, we would most certainly find
someone else to lash out at with our
sharp and wagging tongues. So why
not get off this “holier—than-thou"
kick and take advantage of what is
purposely placed at our disposal.

Elaine Itomatowski ’61.

 

To the Editor:

During the course of our meet-
ing Thursday, Mrirch 20, 1958, as a
part of our duty to review legisla—
tion passed by Student Senate, We
considered the question of Senate's
resolution concerning the content
of the State College News.

We coticluded that the Senate. as
a representative body of Student
Association, has the power to pro-
pose and adopt .~.ucli ti resolution.
We have based our decision on the
article of the Student Association
Constitution which dclcgatcs to
Senate such power.

Article V], Section C states:

The function of the Senate
shall be to examine all areas of
student interest and activities
us it means of determining and
or recommending policy, and
providing IOI' the means to iii-
itiute such policy into icgisa-
tion by such coiiiinittei-s dccin—
ctl ncccssni‘y.

MYHKANIA has interpreted this
article to mean that the Senate has
the power to inycsiigatc, determine,
and or i'ccoiiiiiicnd policy to any of
the constituent bodies oi Student
Association The Senate can law—
iully decide Willi'. policy it Wishes to
l'l‘iililiililt‘liil. and can determine the
policy of these constituents. iiow-
t:.(:l', these powers are to be excr-
cised only when the reciiiiincnda—
tions and suggestions are in the
test interests of the Student Asso—
ci.itioii as a whole.

It is for this reason that we feel
that Student Senate has acted con-
stitutioiitilly in the proposal and
adoption of this resolution.

MYl'iKANIA.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

——-

Gammon-slate); ; 

LA

By SEYMOUR and CAFARO

“Next week we’ve got to get organized."
BAG YOUR DADDY-O AND CUT A CARPET

Scherazade had a thousand and one nights and we've got one-in-a—
thousand dawns. Tomorrow morning the sun will see students that
eight o’clock teachers haven’t seen in months. Caravans will camp in
lower lounge, which has been carefully scrubbed down by the trained
corps of Irish washerwomcn. So all yeti Shicks of Araby (with or with-
out), and you harem houris, dont' walk a mile—«grab your camel and
ride the deserts to Bru. Just don‘t rtui out of water!

UN NOUVEAC JEU

Draper's answer to Grand Central has now turned from art gallery
to the second greatest American pastime—Bridge. 'Midst whirling
mobiles and smoking ash bins. brave bridgites rummage amidst the
rummage sale that is their hotne away from looks like.

So get three others—sisters or brothers.

And if you're able—ﬁnd a table.

Come one. come allrcome to the stable.
NIPS AND NAILS

Katy N. on the mend. . . . Pedding party at Ockies which is more
popular than ever. . . .Zervas ended it all . . . little news, but lots of
iiewsy columns. . . . Sunny SUNY Queen, Queen Anne‘s grace. . . . Presi—
dent Collins to have to maintain a 2.5 average. . . . Draper‘s exhibition,
lack of inhibition. "art for Ai‘t's sake." . . . Oral Interpretations and
Myskania interpretations. . . . Becker wrecks while dorm forms. . . .
NEW DEAL

After scanning the annals of history. we've come up with a four-
point plan to equal Woody Wilson’s and a group of C’s to put F.D.R.'s
to shame. Upon pole vaulting through the Co-op last week, we‘ve hit
upon a few items for iinprovcment—cartons. cards, checks. and contests.
We‘ll trade the ten-cent cigar for a new contemporary card. Who wants
to go in and tness tip old smudged-up cards. This is one way, however.
to keep the areas arotind the card counters free. but we‘d prefer that
they‘d tote in the cards and lift out the bales. so that we'd have room
to come in and ask pithy questioth about Co-op contests. If you're
to give AKIM Whistle Tops let's be proper and give bottoms, too! But
for heaven's sake don't give money—~At least not checks. Where in the
whirl will we cash thcm??

YOU CAN GO HOME AGAIN
Do you desire to roam away‘.J
And keep pursuing profs at bay?
And i'cvcl away your life so guy?
Then join the group and take tlic ii'oiipc.
if you puss this tcst, you iiecd a rest.
Your roommates gct upon your ncrvcs‘?
The food ill Bi'u no longer sci'vcs'!
The bags beneath youi cycs may pop?
Yoti think your work will never stop?
The panacea for all your ills.
You cannot liiid in Doc Hood's pills
So climb aboard your train or broom.
We know you initc to leave this ionib
So while you yearn for plcusui'cs more!
Well gnc Cliingasi lo "the lu‘astcr Curc."

‘.’ ()I“ THE WEEK

Europe. the South Seas, or Alaska?

(@4361 (ax/wad

By Bul‘lntgi'llttil and (icblnirtlt

 

Welcome to the poor man's Vci'— Ali-c (iuiiiiicss ill the Leland?
sion of “Albany Confidential," wi'ii- Hounds luniuslic but it's truc. Ques-
tcn by the authors oi "I Was a lion oi lhc iii-ck: Where is the
'l'i-cn-Agc (liiitlctl Missile for the innnsici' in this entertaining lwui
It‘lill" or "Who's Flying Now?” bill?

The obicctnc oi this column its to Iiirllnttt'ztltli—Hpaiiisii Affair
cluc tlic i'cinicrs ill on the local new.» "l’i‘iiiiiiivi- I’iisoltiiih.” "l‘ori'id lto—
lilltl happenings Keeping this lll iimiicc" Yiiiiii! Witkc its tip when
iiiltiti We will ii  proceed to pi'c- ll comes to iiic sexy liiu'L
view this wcek';~. ill tics, iiiAIiIHON—J’ntanit-tl I’oiitli
|~A|,,\('|«,‘ Wild Is The Wind (ii-t otii ll c whip Mom, Junior is

itayv cinoiioii, but r conllici and on another (itipc—l.:ll(liii;. Li'iil'lll'l'—
Anita Magnani, aloii, Villli the extra killing, bit ()li ticll. what‘s new?
Miami uLLi'uJ'Liiiii oi the voice oi Aiitit ldillii slurs ill the second
Johnny Mathis. iniikc this it llick iiop, lit-cp Six.
worth seeing. Well anyway. don't Note to all int-n: Alici' a very
miss the coming attractions. li'lihll'illliitl, v.1nlcr the day wr~ litivc
S’lltANli—Sayoiiara uli bccii waiting for is here. The

in the opinion of thcsc writers. (ii‘lVP'llln an- open Wlioopct'!

this name is one of lill‘ lint-st. ol' 'l‘l'ltNl’lItli—Sad Sack

Hollywood's ciioi'Ls. Brando, his co— ’llic sioiy of a soldici' not to bc
stars and c. l'lnc script, all add up coiiiiiscd with wiiiiicii's fashions.

to the best viiwmg ol tlic Wct-kciid. As it iinal note we would like to
P5, Miflli Don’t forget to bring your buy goodbye to Art Pulazzolo and
girl friends and a box of Kleenex. thank him for two line years of
LELAND—’I‘he Prisoner and The movie reviews. We hope we can be

Detective. as lair critics. llali!

 

v I
t I
I
I
, I
r
‘ .x
‘ \
l \ I
\
I r
l t
, l
h l
t I
t I
a I

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MARCH 28' 1955

PAGE 3

 

 

gye 0n 7/te 6m

By JOHN QUIRK

Thursday, March 14. marked both the opening of our new “Art
Gallery" here at State College and the ﬁrst exhibition of the works
rendered by students this year. The Shaw’s opening found a sizeable
amount of viewers staring and drinking down the canvases and ginger
ale that were on hand.

As you enter the gallery. the ﬁrst painting on your right is a de-
tailed still life done by Robert Sherman. There are excellent variations
of textural tones and a good eye to highlighting and shadings.

A Day in Central Park is a surrealist painting by Art Plotnik.
Again we have good object representation coupled with unusual sym-
bolism. “What's be trying to say?“ With an eye to the surrealist
school. the qi'estions should be, “What do I feel? . . . Do I like it?"

A still life by Cecil Bluin is a painting number three and here we
have an excellent txamplc of equivocal space. Stand back and study
this canvas . . . watch the objects as they appear to take on depth and
motion.

The fourth painting is a Still Life by Arlene Leaning. Here we have
ll study in object i'cutteranccs. There is a good eye to color balance
and IIllC shapi- juxtaposition. It is air excellent work combining the
elements of proportion. rhythm, and emphasis.

cht we have Street Scene by Cecil Bluin. Again we ﬁnd MISS Blum
working in flat tones, but sparking her work with a personal representa—
tion and slirhl. distortion, There is good apportioning and she has her
colors work to advantage in equating certain portions of the canvas.

Wc now conic upon a large display of driftwood done by the Art 4
class. Hcri- we ﬁnd cxamplcs of pencil sketches done to phographic
precision, A second group of sketches done with inked cards and color.

We ilitn iiinl oiii‘scl\'c.~. looking at a series of texture plates, another
Art. 4 probli-nn to icsi the viewer‘s visual acutcncss. All the objects on
cach of these designs has. a mate. but one is the original and one is an
llilllillliill that lhc sicdint has reproduced Check them over and test
your own pcrccpiivc powers.

The ncxt painting is called Persecution Complex, by Art Plotiiik. He
has attempted to render a surrealist painting, using unusual symbols
Tire sympathctic tones of the canvas tend to deter the viewer from cri-
tci‘ing too dccply into the personal ramiﬁcations that are required to
carry off most paintings of this school, though.

As we turn to the opposite wall the ﬁrst painting that we come upon
is an oil. Landscape. by Tom Hopkins. He has depicted a winter scene
and has cmploycd the "ponitillism" technique. to create an effective.
mood producing H't'lit‘. A lii(‘l‘ technique.

The second painting is another Landscape by Bert Mullarky. The
color application is the most obvious thing \‘Ull notice at ﬁrst glance.
Upon studying the oil further, the line qualities. render a ﬁne impres—
sionist paiiiiinu. 'ihc almost whimsical. yet essential application of
color and l‘l'llflt‘l'lll’J, of the dominant objects is excellent.

(‘ubist Albany by Art Plotnik is a good painting employing to ad-
vantage ilic usc ci‘ ovci-lapping planes and a "oneness" through the re-
iuici'ancc of forms and color. He equates his areas in a nice manner.
as the accompanying picture will show. Tedious. but rewarding.

Street Scene. is an excellent oil, done in an extremely personalized
manner by Phyllis Romano Coates. The color choice and severe em-
pathic applications are broken nicely by her positive, forms.

The next painting is probably one of the most controversial paintings
in the show. It is called Self-Portrait with Light Bulbs. It is one of
Mr. Plotnik‘s cui'licr Wiii'kS. and in his own words. "Not his best." Here
ilic artist has combined cosmos. science and himself to create a sur-
l’f‘iiilsl. painting of some merit, technically speaking.

Toni Hopkins‘ Still Life is a most interesting oil which lends itself
to thc "Cubist" school. with its shifting planes and vague suggestions of
equivocal space. A uiiiquc composition.

Smedley

 

 
 
 

  
      
   

ARE YOU SURE
YOU DON'T NEED A
MANS DEODORANT?

 
   

WWW“

‘11 W )1) 1M "UJ‘WMV 13.?

 

 

 

Mennen Spray Deodorant for Men keeps

on warking all day long—working to pre-

MENHKI‘

vent odor, working to check perspiration. WM
U
Dilllllilllilli'l

ton MU‘

For this non-stop protection, get Menneni

60C and $1.00

 

THE ART GALLERY

      

Art 4 Project in Cubism, “Miss K. Bonk."

 

r.
a
V!
’1
z{ r
. ..' Va.
A ’ A
" 1
Willi";
flies”
"Driftwood" . . . Art 4 Project “(‘ubist Albany" Art Plotnik

 

aster!

H (may

Take home a remembrance for your
family and friends.

APRIL FOOL‘S DAY

HALLMARK GABDS

EASTER

and Gifts from the STATE COLLEGE

CO-OP

We humbly ask your patience and understanding for
the clutter now present in the (‘o-op. We shall do our best

to alleviate matters for your convenience.

 

 

 

 

 

