 

 

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE 2

Investigation, Anyone?

The source of this editorial lies in a resolution to the
Senate proposed by Charles Fowler, Senator from the class
of 1960, that the President and Cabinet of SA conduct an
investigation into supposed violations and failures com—
mitted by The State College News.. Fowler has listed four
“allegations” which he would like investigated:

1. Flagrant violations of rudimentary principles of
journalism (e.g. indiscriminate use of eight and ten point
type on the front page). For those of you who are unfa-
miliar with type sizes, this is 10 point type, and this is 8 point
type- The point we make here is that no self-respecting
journalist on any newspaper, whether it be the Podunk
lHerald or the New York Times, would admit that such
rules as “rudimentary principles of journalism” even exist.
Each newspaper—any newspaper, strives for originality
no matter what the Columbia Scholastic Press critics—or
any other critics, for that matter—have to say about its
appearance on the printed page. (We would refer any
interested readers to the February 28, 1958, issue of this
newspaper—We liked the front page make-up of this issue.
We can show you “lousy” front page make-up if you‘re
interested! )

2. Failure to proofread carefully (e.g. front page errors
like “State Meets Rider Tonight”). Incidentally, we wrote
that headline. Second incidentally—the game was played
on Thursday night, and the News always comes out on
Friday. In rebuttal to this allegation we profoundly state
that “human beings are human beings." We would strong‘
1y suggest that Mr. Fowler work one solid week on this
paper—Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday; espe-
cially Thursday, when proofreading is done at the Hudson
printers, when everyone is really “beat,” and an “X” still
looks like a “C,” although you’ve been staring at it for
ﬁve solid minutes!

3. Failure to exercise resonable (proofreading error on
our copy of the resolution here) judgment in publishing
of certain feature articles and pictures (specifically, “The
Open Mind”). Well, we know some people who don’t like
this column, and we know some who do——you can't please
everyone at once, can you?

4. Showing an apparent lack of news stories by placing
feature stories on the front page. A check on facts was
all that was needed to remove this supposed “allegation.”
It has been a long-standing policy of the State College
News to run front page features—lack of front page news
stories, or no lack of front page news stories!

What the whole flare-up boils down to is this—each
person in this school should have an opinion of the State
College News, whether that opinion be good or bad. What
we fail to understand is why a Senator should go out of
his way for an investigation when a talk with the editor
could have straightened out some of these criticisms. The
Senate may pass its resolution for an investigation—that
investigation may be held, but looking at the “allegations”
again, what will it all prove? You cannot change people or
their ability, and a remedy of these allegations calls for
some type of mystical miracle which would do just that!
The News is a stubborn journal, and it will not accept these
“allegations.” When we will start to worry is when 2,000
undergraduate students of this college stop picking up
their copies of the News on Friday.

J .A.S.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS
ESTABLISHED MAY 1916

BY THE CLASS OF 1918

 

Second Place ACP
No. '1

First Place CSPA
Vol. XLIII

Members of the NEWS staff may he reached Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday
from 7 io 11 pm at 15-3320, Ext. 11. Phones Fitzpatrick 31-11124; Alile 11-70510; Kaian
247010.

The undergraduate newspaper of Hit: New York State. College for Teachers;
piiiiiinili'd every Friday of the College year by the NEWS Board for the Student
Association.

Munch 14, 1958

MARY l"l'l"l.l'A'l'ltl(iK - « - > - - - - - — Editor-iii—Chlef
MARIE DET’I‘MER ~ - - - 4 - - - - — Executive (lo-Editor
JOHI’J'H HZAIIEK - - - - ~ - v - - ~ Executive (Jo-Editor
MARLENE AUKEItMAN - - - - - - — - Managing Editor
CAROL ALT") - - - ~ — - - - - Hardness Advertising Editor
ANN IHTCIICOCK - - - - < « llusiocaa Advertising Consultant
MARIT-JENTOF'I‘ NILSEN « - - < - v - - - Associate Editor
MARY ELLEN JOHNSON - - - - » - a - - Associate. Editor
JAMES McIIUGll - - ‘ ~ - - — -- - - — Associate Editor
ELIZAHI‘ITI’! SPENCER v - - - - - v - - Associate Editor
MONICA ’l‘lt/th‘Klll-i - - - - - V ~ - - - Associate Editor
JOHN (zlllltK - - - - s - - - - - I'ulillc Relation Editor
Alt'l‘ul‘lt PLOTNIK — - - ~- - - - - - - Feature Editor
ltOlll-llt'i' KAMI‘I" ~ - - - - - - - ~ - ~ Sports Editor
GRACE I-LNOELS - (lireMotion-Exchange Editor

1

 

PHOTOGRAPHY - - - - - — — . .

All umnnunications should he addressed in the editor and must be signed. Names
will be withhold on request. The H’l‘A’I'E COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions expressed in its columns or communications, as such expressions do not

nuccoharliy rcilcct its \‘it'Wh.

State College Photo Service

r111i ‘lo I

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MARCH 14. 1958

 



Editor’s note:

Due to the fact that we received
so many letters this week, we found
it necessary to select those which
we felt were representative of most
of the comments made in the com-
munications. We are sorry we could
not print all, but space made this
impossible
P.S. Although the letters we have
printed are all negative in their re-
action, we did get some people who
liked the News last week. How
about that?

 

To the Editor:

Am curious to know whether the
young lady who so valiently attack-
ed the “evils” of the Big Adminis-
tration would care to brush off her
armor and grab her content in more
knightly attire before she leaps to
the fore again.

From meagre sources of my own. i

I understand that the situation was
not, in reality, as vile or reproach-
able as “M.J.A.” understood it to
be. In this matter, however, my
facts are as vague as those printed
in “Donkey Dust Around the Quad"
——which brings one more remark
from this student.

I would like to see a clarification.
in this paper. of the remark of
Richard Kendall referring to the
“infamous voucher" which is so
much in question of late—and one
more thing—Can "Dusty" say that
he is using his column as an in-
formative medium for this campus,
or are we of the masses to take
these accounts of Senate as simply
amusing satirical inventions. Pick
one—Ex—President?

Priscilla Herhst '60

To The Guiiible Readers:

Last Friday. while walking to
class. I noticed that people were
staring at me and then whispering
among themselves. By their reac-
tion I wondered if I had left my
trousers at home After assuring
myself I was fully clothed I con-
tinued on my way.

As I entered the Commons I made
two observations. The door had
been freshly painted. black and
white as I recall. The workman-
ship was VERY POOR. therefore I
would recommend some training for
the painters before attempting an-
other job.

In the Commons, I felt the weight
of many eyes piercing my back.
Just then a friend ran up and
asked,

“You didn't really mean that, did
you?”

"Mean what." I replied.

"That letter in the paper.“ he
answered.

After explaining the circumstan-
ces, he sighed, as faith in human
nature again filled his heart.

I would like to apologize if I
disturbed anyone. llcll Week is over
and Hell Duties are performed, so
you can all go back to sleep.

Al ('apusso, '61

To the Editor:

I would ilki‘ to explain to Seymour
and Cai‘uro and especially to the
student body as a whole that the
Dciiiis were not the oncs who vetoed
the third pcrl'oriiuincc of the Boy
Friend. The Deans, the coordinator,
and i could all see the need for a
third pci'foi'nuincc there was no
question about that. after Monday
morning's ticket sales. The decision
instead rested upon whether or not
lhe i’ai'eius‘ i)li_\’ coiiiiniticc could
get, the Brubucher dining room for
the .il'ici‘iioon concert schcdiilcd
for I’urenis' lJuy. Since the planned
luncheon will undoubtedly run over
llilili iwu o'clock, the committee was
unable to get the dining room (The
dining room was the only place
large enough to uccoiiiinoiluic those
parents and students who could not
be attending ilic matinee perform—
once, since Bruhiichcr lower lounge
would be utilized for the SUB colicc
hour; the upper lounge Would not
be large cnou4h, and naturally Page
WOiiid be in use for the. proposed
iilililiicct. There were other factors
involved us well: ill some. of the
Revue ciuit are also participating 111
the afternoon concert; excluding
them would have meant a new
program for the Parcnis' Day coni-
(Continued on Page 5, Column 11

 

 

“Point of order, just why does the NEWS use two sizes of type?"

Gammon-5102‘“ 

(fl
"l disapprove of what you say.

but I will defend to the death your right to say it.” Voltaire

l DREMPT I WENT . . .

Last nite while suffering from an overdoze of No-Dose, we drempt
we went to the Union in our made-in-F‘orm Siciandles. It seem as if
Caesar was being seized not praised or buried. Various members of the
News Board, dressed in their binders, were making a guillotine out of
the new soup machine. Mme. DeFarce was sitting and knitting~her
brows, while Rary Antoinette was screaming “Let 'em drink ink." Mean-
while the victiin, very blue at this point. was vainly trying to save
himself. But. to no avail—the 8 and 10 point blade fell, and the entourage
of editors elatedly exited to the strains of "Don't Fence Me In."

RAZZMATAZZ

Amid a iikelele fanfare. we heretofore announce that the Ch'ingasi
this week goes to the “coolest cat" to pussy foot through otir pedagogical
paths——’l‘hc Boyfriend. So join us this weekend when we—~Inda Cafaro
and Vidual Seymour flip back the time machine to the roaring-you-konw-
whats. and don the gorgeous garb of the twinkling twenties. Let's put
seine zip into the weekend and look like a campus! Oh yes, next week
treasured Chingasi goes to the guy and girl who most get—in the mood.

EVERYONE KNOWS
The V—I-Ps do fill the world with learning, wit and style,
But we all know 3 or 4, in State’s own stockpile.
Rose with patience of a saint and n‘ery a displaced hair,
Apportions out otir snicks and snacks with extra special care.
And Myrt with smile from ear to ear and a laugh that shatters stonc,
Passes on her hearty joic de vivre with jokes in an undertone.
And what of that Tavern-in-between. with Marge and Peggy ruling,
At times they may lose all control. but we know they‘re only fooling.
And anyway the pizza puts you on the point of drooling,
We suppose we'll visit there again when our ice cubes desire cooling.
So Peg and Rose and Myrt and Marge, come take a well earned bow.
Your names will echo here, we bet, many moons from now.

LOOK—OSCAR’S WILDE

What we mean is that roaring lion who rises out of Hollywood to
shower his gold upon moviedoin‘s BETTER THAN EVER. Wc prcdict
bcst flick, Sayonara. Best actor—Alex Gulness. Best uctrcssﬁchoruh
Kerr. For best supporting actor and actress-«Mr. Dc Sica and Miss Varsi.
And this year's Racso~~-l Was a Teenage Fox Terrier.

ANOTHER SEASON. ANOTHER REASON

. Big Weekends? Well, here comes the biggest. Parents from near.
far. and other places will descend on our fair parking lot this Saturday.
as State sees the most life since Minerva. took a powder to the powder
rooin. Parents will be going to classes and cutting them. Things are
planned from Bru to nuts idouglii, all topped off by the Chlngusi oi
Cilllig‘ilSlS~—i-ilf1t scintillating spoof The Boyfriend.

By SEYMOUR and (‘AFARO

 

NOT BV BOOZE ALONE

You‘ll wonder whcrc thc people went. when to a conference thcv ui‘c
sent... Ain't it the truth? Call it a conference or a pi'oi'misioiiul melting
of minds, a rose by any other name will still smell, Whv call it a con-
lcrcncc cvcn? Why not be honest, not specious, uiifi ‘suv it's just a
blast. And if someone does go to confer, he spends all his time ililnkiir:
about what he is going to say. not what is being said. Until this is
changed, thcsc fctcs will be full of sound and fury SigiiilViit' notliuii'
Take heed, Juniors! H ' h
DOl'li’l‘ OI" THE DAY

Will the Senate Sentinel come out next Friday'."."?'2‘.J

College Calendar

FRIDAY. MAR”! H

15.30 [1.111. "The Boy i"i'll‘li(i," i’iigc liull.

SATURDAY, MAIH'II 15

11:00 am. Parcnls' 1)uy Welcome, Page llull.

11:110 an. (il‘t't‘ii (ipi-n liouses and Liilu'iii'iilis for Parents

 p.iu. i)(il'lli and Group i‘iiil'hi‘s (1])f‘ii to Parents

Jul pin. (.‘lass Deinonstraiions at school

3-4 pm. Concert. Page llall. ‘

4-5130 p.in. Coffee Hour. Brubuchcr llull

1i:30p.ni. "The Boy Friend," Page. llall

summv. MAitcu us ‘

3-5 |).iil. Psi (iiiiiiinu Open House for Statesmcn.

(iiiilliilii Kappa Phi Housewarming.

IlilitJi'y/ui'slty Christian lt‘cllows‘hlp Banquet, Union ()(iiii'ilt'

 Association Meeting, St. John's Lullll'l'il“

MONDAY. MARCH 17

8.30 pm. gilllu‘blgliili lhcta Collcc flour for Kappa Beta at. Kohl)u
Phi Delta Coilce flour for Potter Club.

 

 

 

3-0 pin.
5:00 pm.

 

 

 

‘ :7:.i4’r.“:Ji-‘n<'lt.»£i‘lr.r\.4» ..  ..,  .w ..   y-vi‘iFa'.r.r.;h -» u r  » »

.. . 19mm!- .

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MARCH i4. rose

  

PAGE 3

 

State College Opens Doors For Second Parents' Day,-
SA President To Give Welcoming Address in Page

Activities Includes Classes, Open Houses;
State College Revue Highlights Program

: :2 2:131.

11“ 

 
 

V

IPhoto by Dick Sumner:

JANE CASS AND BETSY LEANING work on publicizing l'arents’
Day. Are your folks coming?

 

 

74a 3pm Mimi

 

Hy ART l’l.()'l'NlK

Below are several articles reprinted without permission from a
secret world-wide news service. They all pertain, of course. to me—Art
l'lotnik, teen-age corpse. The perceptive reader will find not only leaves
from my book of life. but also a subtle satire on something or other in
each of the items that follow:

BICYCLE STOLEN

ALBANY. MAR. B—-On.e American Flycr bicycle was stolen today.
according to a young obnoxious urchin with tears in his grimy red eyes
and a heart of gold. As he stood at the window, gazing pensively, he
told this reporter that a strange looking than with a bald spot in his
uncut hair and wearing a State sweatshirt and dun-garees, pushed him off
his bicycle and shouted, "Make way for the Open Mind!" That very same
man has been reported to this paper at least ten times today as the
oddest thing on two wheels. He. was arrested late this afternoon when
he told the police that he no longcr wanted the bicycle because his
colleagues laughed at him. The gold—hearted urchin, realizing the plight
of the unshuvcn thief, refused to prese charges. The urchin resides at
7 Cucumber l.uiit.‘. His mother's name is Clarabcllc. His grandmother
wears short-shorts.

(‘AT STOLEN

ALBANY. MAR. ill—«One American Flying cat was stolen today, ac-
cording to a youiu,r obnoxious urchin with tears in his grimy red eyes
and a heart of silver. As he jumped out the window gazing pensively,
he told this reporter that a strange-looking sweatshirt grabbed his kitten
from him saying, "Wassa matter. kid? The Tongue got your cat—lice,
hee, hee . . . " Art l’lotnik, alias “The Tongue" was arrested late this
afternoon. He pleaded loneliness, and was allowed to keep the cat. The
silver-heurtcd urchin. unable to differentiate between his cat and the
thief, refused to press grapes. The urchin has a brother with a gold
heart. His-i grandfather has a crew-cut.

I’OS'I‘ICR FOOLS MANY

ALBANY, MAR. 11 -A poster, hung by its coriici's until dead, caught
the eyes of many students passing through the Draper-Husth lower
peristylc. 'l‘hc juiiiiors have promised to return all the cycs that were
caught. on the sharp corners, The poster was" a clever paragraph in large
black letters advertising Art l’loinik's presentation of un lii'iii reading
from literature. Many people, iiiillt'i‘i‘l'l‘. accused Ari. Plotiiik of being
clcvt-i' for having created so eye-caiiching u pos‘cr. Ploiiiik demanded that
his ghost wi'ucr be acknowledged, illi(i fully accredited for his work The
poster was created by John Griffin. John (li'ifllii has it licuri oi ill'liilllilli.
lie is unrelated to the (il'liilll Shoc~Wux (‘oiiipuiiy

M YSKANIA FOOLS MANY

ALBANY. MAR. 7—A secret organization. hung by its laurels until
dead. caught the laughs of many students when it was instilled in a
secret column in today's issue of a secret paper. Inspired by several
hate letters. and a general contempt for everything good. the author‘
of the insult has decided to rim for the secret organization. ills pur—
pose—to find out the secrets of this secret organization, reveal them to
the entire student body, and resign, since it ain't no fun to be in no club
that ain't no secret no more. The. secret organization .according‘ to secret
sources. has a secret heart of lead. They are scheduled to appear before
long on the TV show, “I've (lot a Secret." And speaking of TV shows,
oh secret organization—"You Asked For It!”

FARMERS FEAR DRONEB
Not only do the New York State f‘ai'iiicrs fear drones, grasshoppers.
and locusts, but also the drones of parents reportedly thousands walk-
lug over their fields with grim determination. gazing pensively, giving
forth a loud and frightening buzz that sounds much like "State College
or bust!" The farmers, liocher, have discovered that to send the pur-
cnis scurrying. they need only ask for money.

  

The second annual Parents' Day
will be observed tomorrow. This will
give parents an opportunity to see
many aspects of life at State.
Scheduled are a round of varied
activities and ceremonies including
an opening address in Page Hall,
dormitory and group house open

houses. demonstrations. classes, a
musical program and a parent-
faculty hour.

Welcome

Registration and a general meet—
ing in Page Hall will open the ac-
tivities at 11 atn. The meeting will
Legin with a welcome by John Yag-
er ‘58, SA President. followed by an
introduction of the Deans and a
speech by Oscar E. Lanford, Dean
of the college.

Parents may then attend buffets
at sororities and fraternities or lun-
cheons at dormitories and group
houses from 11:30 am. to 1:30 pm.
Dorms and group houses will be
open for inspection during Open
House from 12 to 3 pm.
Demonstrations

Demonstrations of various types
will be presented at College Open
House from 2 to 3 pm. At this time
parents may watch science demon-

 

Q’aamﬂ ingui/u'l‘oa

Once upon a time in the land
of the fourth estate there lived
it young maiden. This maiden
was very small, about nliie point
type, a compromise between ten
and eight. One day this maiden
took a stroll down the path to
journalistic maturity. carrying
her DAILY WORKER. 0n the
way she met Cock Robin, the
grand inquisitor of this make-
believe land.

“Where are you going young
maiden?" clucked the inquisitor.

“To Journalistic Maturity,”
answered the fair young maiden.

"What are you carrying an-
der your arm?" asked the inquis-
itor.

“My DAILY WORKER," re-
plied the young maiden.

“Ohl! That RADICAL sheet."
shouted the grand inquisitor as
he ripped out one of his tail
feathers.

“You must be taught right and
wrong," finished the inquisitor.

Moral: As the fair young
maiden and the grand lnquisitor
walked back up the path from
Journalistic Maturity you could
hear her reprimand, “Never
walk down strange. dark paths
by yourself."

 

strations under the direction of
Marvin Pryor, business machines
demonstrations directed by Eliza-
beth Burger, a Televised beginners’
Spanish class taught by Frank Car-
rino, and may make a tour of the
TV set up. They may also attend
inuslc rehearsals featuring the
statesmen under the direction of
Charles Stokes. Visits may be made
to Deans Lanford and Hartley in
their offices.
Classes

Parents will have an opportunity
to attend a single round of classes
scheduled from 2:30 to 3 pm. The
classes and instructors scheduled
are: freshman literature, Robert
Thorstensen; modern drama, Agnes
Futterer; Latin literature. Mary
Gogg‘in; twentieth century heritage,
Donald Liedel; differential calculus.
Violet Larney; mathematics of fin-
ance, Caroline Lester; introduction
to business, Clifton Thorne; and
introduction to animal biology, Mar:
garct Stewart.

(‘oncert
Songs popular in your pai'cnts'

day will be featured at a concert
under the direction of Zacherie
Clements '59. A vocal group and a

classical pianist will also perform.
The concert will be held in Page
Hall from 3 to 4 pm. During inter-
mission Wiiliam Garner '59 will read
a humorous selection, Truman's Ca-
pote‘s “My Side of the Matter.”
(‘oi'i'ee Hour

A Coffee Hour for parents is be-
ing sponsored by Student Union
Board in the Lower Lounge of Bru-
tacher Hall from 4 to 5:30 pm.
The faculty and administration will
be present.

Parents“ Day will be concluded
with the State College Revue at
8:30 p.111. "The Boy Friend" is this
year‘s presentation.

Parenis’ Day Committee

The Parents’ Day Committee was
under the general chairmanship of
Jane Cass '59, The committee in-
cluded: Joyce Sandidge '59, Faculty
Coordinator; Financial Manager,
Grace Nesbltt ‘60; Invitations, Janet
Crumb. Leona Coughlin, Judith
Kempe, freshmen, and Delores Rus-
sell '59; Arrangements. Mary La
Porte '59; Programs. Nellie Hem-
ingway '60; Publicity. Betsy Lean-
ing '59; Dormitory-Group House
Coordinator, Anne King '59; Ltui—
cheons, Kathryn O'Connor '60; and
Registration. Judith Kempe '61.

Senate Passes Finance Bill;
Views State College Revue

By RICHARD KENDALL

The Student Senate this Wednes-
day evening met in Page Hall and
performed as a prologue and epilo-
gue to The Boy Friend. a comedy in
three acts. The show — pardonnez,
the Senate—opened on a note of
light comedy as President Yager
indicated the corrections to be made

in the minutes of the preceding
meeting. Yager tncn delivered a
monologue on matters pecuniary;

the denoucment of this scene was
the assigning of three financial
motions to the Finance Committee.

Finances continued to hold cen-
ter stage as the Senate chorused its
agrecinent on it Finance Committee
bill concerning the procedure for
granting amiropriations from the
Student Association surplus fund. As
in the past semester, requests for
more than $50.00 must be in the
form of" a bill. .vhllc requests for
105.5" than $50.00 are submitted di-
rectly to the Senate Finance Com-
mittce. Unlike last semester, how-

ever, the Senate made no provision
for grants of exactly $50.00. This
s:cnc closed on an air of mystery
with one of mankind’s iiictiiphysl-
cul enigmus unanswered: what hap—
someone

pens ii requcsts exact y

 

“at/M48 allow/4”

"I" ' 'l":‘/

M.

 

 

If'll‘l‘ Stale sororities have report—
ed inflicts and icus to be held for
parents of the lilifliiiwl‘s this \\'cck-
cud.

Kappa Delta

Ciiiii'hil'c Norton ’aii, l’rcsidcni.
stutcs that Kappa lJcltu Will hold
it bulici luncheon for parents to—
inorrow ill 1:! iii) p 111
lsi (lzinuna

i’si (hiniinii's l’rcsidciit. i’.iil'li'lii
iiciiiie..'~., uniiounccs iiiiii the fol-
lowiiig girls iill\‘t‘ been initiated:

Mary (lird, Audrey Bromlbi- i, and
Sally Van Scoy, Sophomores; Mary
Sue Closs, Christine Noi'lng. Mar-
garet Kropuc, and Carol Murdlgun,
i‘i eshiiu n.

An Open House for Statesman will
be licld Sunday from 3 to 5 p.111.
F‘i'oiii 11:30 am. to 1:30 pm. to-
morrow a buffet for parents w.ll
be held at the house.

(.‘iii Sigma Theta

Chi Sigma Theta’s buffet for
parents will also be from 11:30 am.
to 1:30 pm. tomorrow. Patricia Cor—

coi'un fill. Prcsidciit, also reports a
coffee hour for Kappa Bent Mon~
(15' night ill 8:150 p.111.
(ininiiiii Kappa Phi

Judy b‘wun '50, President of
(iuinnni Kiilllil Pill, iiidlcuics that
the :(ilill‘li\ \tiii hold it tc.i in con»
iicclloii \\iiil Pzii'ciils' Wi'lkt‘ilti.

i'iillll'illilll will be Margaret Roch—
liil'ii '58.
A 1-iouscwaruiiiig for all State

students and faculty will be held at
«110 i'illliﬁllil Avenue, Sunday from
:2 to 3) pm.
Phi Delta

Phi Delta is planning ii buffet
luncheon for parents tomorrow un-
der the cluiirmunship of Sally
Weeks '58. discloses Patricia Gear-
ing '58.

A coffee hour for Alpha Pi Alpha
wil take place. Monday night.
Kappa Beta

James Lori'ichio '58 unions that
Karin Beta will have an Open
House and buffet tomorrow for par—
ent, and alumni.

$20.00 from surplus? They wouldn‘t
dare.

Under the direction of President
Yager the action shifted into a dis—
cussion of the proposed Senate rules.
proposed we assume by the Rules
Committee, though the range of dis-
agreement among the Senators
would tend to make this a moot
point. Section I-A of the Rules con-
cerning the quorum quickly corner-
ed the Senate in a maze of argu-
ments. amendments, and amend-
ments to the amendments. More
precisely, the Senate cornered itself
on this issue, but the result was
the same: bewilderment. The section
on ouorum, as presented. was self-
contradictory and contrary to the
SA Constitution; as amended it was
lncmnprchensible. Discussion was
quite ambulatory, but Yager suc-
ceeded in drawing it together and
having it vote; it is the general
"iilih’i‘llsiis that a quorum is ‘-':i of
the membership minus excused stu-
dent teachers. The ayes have it.
maybe.

During the Senate intermission a
performance of The Boyfriend was

presented. The Senate reconvened
at 10 pin. mid adjourned at 10:02
as Nut Leinoine fort-3d through

a motion to adjourn over the objec-
tions of Yagcr. Niltwll. John—9. as
the final curtain fcll.

DONKEY DUST AROUND THE
QI‘AD: Yager Vcry annoyed at Sen-
.itc ildelii'lllllL‘lii . . . Senate meet—
ing barely audible and coherent in
Page Senator Watson votes on
llilllill uid . . . Scnator Fowler wants
to investigate the State College
News who's- going to investigate
i"t.\\'.li'.‘ vote. if you dare.

Sextet Plays Jazz
Al Dixie/and Fest/val

Sunday. the Jazz Appreciation So-
ciciy ol .ilbanv will sponsor u jazz
icsinui.

(‘eilcgiatc Dixieland Festival

The festival Will begin 21t8:30_,im.
at the Odd Fellows Hall on South
Pearl and Beaver Streets, Albany.
Music for the festival will be pro—
vided by the Red Onion Six of New
York City. The dress for the occu-
sion is informal. The price of ad-
inission is 75 cents.

Jazz Appreciation Society

The Jazz Appreciation Society of
Albany sponsors many such festivals
throughout the year. The object of
their program is to foster the
growth of the appreciation of jazz
in the Albany area.

  

