 

 

 

PAGE 8

STATE COLLIGE NEWS. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 14. 1958

 

Finalists Vie For Top Honors
At Sadie Hawkins Dance

“Girls ask boys, boys ask girls—
its ‘legit’l” will be the cry at the
Sadie Hawkins Dance tonight, in the
main dining room at Brubacher
Hall. The dance, which is presented
under the auspices of the Commer-
ce Club, will feaure music by “Earl
Kent Kwintette” and the election
of a Queen from among five pre-
vious'y selected finalists.

Queen to be Elected

The highlight of the evening’s
entertainment will be the selection
of a Sadie Hawkins Dance Queen.
The five finalists for this honor
have been selected by members of
the faculty from twelve original
candidates. The finalists are as fol-

lows: Margaret Rochford '58; Adri-
enne Sitterley '59; Lovina Bright
and Linda Matson, Sophmores; and
Marcia Marion '61. Each person at-
tending the affair will have a. chance
to cast his vote for the Queen of
the Dance.

Tickets Available

The dance will begin at 8 pm.
Tickets are now avaiable in Lower
Draper and may also be secured at
the dance tonight.

Girls are requested to ask the
members of the stronger sex to the
dance if they seem at all reticent,
as this is in keeping with the Sadie
Hawkins Day spirit as concei ‘ed in
the famous Al Capp cartoon strip
L'il Abner.

 

Left to right are candidates for Sadie Hawkins Dance Queen: Marcia face.

 

p @4431;

Smiles Announces Election

0m 71w 5W Of New Active Members

Homework: Something which has
to be handed in when it isn't done,
and for which the teacher never
asks when it is done.

Period bell: Something that makes
you run like mad so you can stand
around, talk to your friends, and be
late for the next class.

Locker: Something in which no
matter how neatly you pile the
books, they end up all over the floor
when you open it.

Homework textbook: Something
that makes a light strain on your
arm and a heavy strain on your
brain.

Radiator: Something which never
works, but makes a marve ous place
on which to put books.

Desk: Something" which bored stu-
dents write on. and tired students
fall asleep on.

Study Hall: Something you could
get your homework done in if all
your friends were absent.

A School Lunch: Something which
fills your stomach. and empties your
pocket.

Question: Something to which you
never know the answer when you
are asked. but always know the an-
swer to when someone else is asked.

Report card: Something you’re
afraid to look at. and then when
you do. you see why you were afraid.

—F‘r0m The Highlight

I wonder if some of the ads we
hear aren't a little fantastic.

For shoes: “If you wear —'s
shoes :1 week and we are dissatisfied.
return them and we'll gladly refund
your money." (What if you play soc-
cer; or walk through two fect snow
drifts Without bootsfh

For cigarettes: A man working!
outside a pas refinery is seen light-
ing up a a—— with a smile on his
(I guess that's the way to

 

Marlon1 Lovina Bright, Margaret Rochford‘ Linda Matson, Adrienne die.)

Sittcrly.

—From the Tech

Joseph Fosegan '59, President of
Smiles. announces that the organi-
zation has elected new members
for the Spring semester.

New Active Members

The new active members include:
Phyllis Romano, Naomi Shaver,
Barbara Thornhlll, Doris Warmuth,
Juniors; Alm Altschaefﬂ, Ruth Ben-
der. Kay Belknap. Wilhelmina Bur—
ton, Jane Bushart, Isabelle Dalzell.
Katherine O'Connor, Nancy Ryan,
Beverly Sharpe. Rosalie Walsh,
Sophomores; and Carol Bastien.
Dennis Borst, Paula DeCrescenzo,
Karen Hofer. Rochelle Hoch. Eliza-
beth Horigan, Rosemary Kverek.
Ellen Maranville. June McNutty,
Lillian Mullen. Charles Nile, Robert
Prong, Susaon Rollevlck, Barbara
Smith. Marge Walker, Benard Wil—
lard, Janet Zember, freshmen.

If anyone has worked five or Inore
hours for Smiles last semester, they
should contact Constance Olivo ’59
or Elizabeth Wager '60, coordina—
tors to Neighborhood House and
Albany Home respectively, immedi-
ately. to be placed on the active
membership list.

Leaders

Lenders are still needed at Clin-
ton Square Neighborhood House.
Members wishing to work with the
children of the Neighborhood House
should contact Constance Ohio ‘59.

More Members Needed

Another need for Smiles members
has arisen. Janet R. Maanrlnnc.
Chairman of the Albany Institute of
History and Art, states that the In-
stitute at 12:3 Washington Avenue

needs workers to assist them in
their work. The Institute has begun
a Saturday program for children
and Miss MacF‘arlane writes,
“. . . this need for special assistance
is quite constant at the Albany
Institute and We could use services
of your volunteers at almost any
time." Hours at the Albany Insti-
tute wil be accepted toward Smiles
membership.

Senate Votes
Appropriation

The main item on the agenda of
the last Student Senate meeting to
be held before elections was a re-
port from the Finance Committee
given by Grace Nesbit. She pointed
out that there is a $32,699.38 surplus
in the treasury but that some of
this money has already been tabbed.

Appropriations

Senate approved a $600 appropria-
tion for use by the Parent's Day
Committee. A loan of $25 to the
freshmen class for the purpose of
putting out their class ncwspnpcr
has been approved by the Finance
Committee. It was noted that the
freshman class has been unable to
hold a class meeting to nppropriutc
funds because of luck of officcrs.
The loan will be puid buck by the
class. A loan has nlso been made
to the State Collcgc Rcvicw.
(‘o-(fhuirmen of State Fair

Donald McClain and Mill'lull

Sciortino. were approved by Senate
us the Co-Chairmnn of State Fair.

 

 

A new idea in smoking!

Salem refreshes

* menthol trash
* rich tobacco taste
* modern filter. too

   
 

CREATED I” R l REYNOLDS TOBACCO C(J.,W

yr taste

lN'allNi-‘Ml LM,N C.
., I y.

l’crlcct Spring «lays are all too few . . . but you can always enjoy a Salem Ci-nn'cttc
. and u Salem rclrcshes your taste just as Spring rclrcshcs you. Yes, the {rosin-cl

taste in cigarettes ﬂows through Salem’s pure white lillcr. Rich tohncco Ainslie

with u now surprise solllloss. 'l‘hut’s Salem . . .You’ll love ’om l i

Smoke Salem... Smoke Refreshed

 

 

‘iwrm

n A ungwgrv...

“mummy”
I”

    

State College News

 

 

 

 

 

2—463

ALBANY. NEW YORK.

FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 21. 1958 VOL. XLlll. NO. 3

First Annual inauguration Day Ceremonies Feature

Announcement Oi Myskania,

 
 
 
   

Relieving Myskania of the _ .
hers, seated from left to right: Arlene Luick, Barbara Smith. (llcslc

(‘liairmun Lcc l)eNikc. Philip Shepherd, and Anthony ('tll‘f't’llll.

I
Film Group
Slates Two
I‘lll' MOVIes
Beverly ituhn '58. President of In—
Lt‘l'lliitlflllill Film Group, indicates

the film presentations for the com-
ing week.

llrigadoon

Tonight, Lhc tcxlnncolor musical.
"Brigndoon" will be prcscntcd at 7
unit ll p.1n. in ih‘upcl‘ 349. 'l'hc film
slurs (lcnc Kclly. Vnn Johnson. Cyd
Churissc nnd lihnnc Slcw'nl't. It is
thc story of two Amci'lcuns who
\‘lSll un cnchuntcd yillnuc ill the
Scottidi llizlilnnds. with plcnty of
good music.

Dumbo

’l‘lnn'sduy. llic group \\'111 prcscnl
\ant lhsncy's "llinnllo," 'l'lns finn-
ous full lcnuth cartoon is consulcrcd
by sonn- critics to hc thc bcsl lhsncy
film cycr nnnic. ll \\lil bc shown of
711m pin. lll llrupcr lift)

hpcclnl Showing

'l‘hc ]Il'('i.‘l'(lllli4 chncsduy crcnnn;
tln-rc \"lll be u spccinl snowing oi
"Dumbo" loi' ihc studcnts nnd inc-
ulty who \\'l>ll to bring young. chil—
drcn 'l‘hcrc will bc no ndnnssion.

DECommittee
Plans Clinic

'lhc Hislh Annnul Mcrclmndisiny
(‘lnnc will no ‘|Hillhlil’l‘il by tho in»
ll‘ll)llll\’i‘ Education (‘luh from
Mulch If to ’l. lli‘f'fll'lillll‘ lo l‘yl‘l'fllll
nilii l.cnilcn 'fiii, l’l'csnicni

l'lunniin; (‘onnnitico

'l'hc plunnlng coinnnltcc. coorde
ulcd by it, H Knonsc. l’roti-ssor oi
llislribulnc l‘illllf‘iilliill. inciluics
l'crdnnind l.cuilcn, Muruni'ct ltoch—
ford, Sumucl Sltlnr, Scniors, Ann-.-
hn. l’odhcr, Ann Mann '[l\\fll{|‘l-‘v. (it‘l-
ulil liainllclil, .lunlcs l“in>.li‘i‘_ ('Umllllil
liomunclll. Sunnicl Hiltlllli'lh‘iill. .Jun~
lUl'o; nllil liolicl'l. ll'Allill'mi 'lil) 'llu‘y
luwc bccn contacting spcnkcis lil-
clnthng nulio pcrsonnlny (icolll‘y
Davis from Siution WliUW. und
l’nckuging Expert itobcrl Joncs
from l"ort ()rungc l’upci' liox l’nrk—

ir old job of counting totes is the newly-formed Election Commission. llIem— I ‘ _
Boulﬂis. and "elm Mauser: standmg: known Will be the officers from each class. As the PreSIdent

Tuberculosis Survey By Students
includes X—Ray,

Beginning Monday nnd cunlnnnng
through ’lhursdny. two physicinns
on t':1c stuff oi tlic New York Stutt-
Iii-nth licpnrtincnt will bc on tho
c:nnpu.~ to pcriorin on intrau'utnnc-
ous tubcrculin tcst. morc commonly
known us thc Mnnzonx tcst, in con—
Junction with the nnnuul chcsi X-
ruy survcy of sludcnts of Stutc
’l‘cnchcrs ()irlll‘ui'.

'l'ubcrculin 'l‘cst

’llu- tnbcrsuhn lost is at two stcp
proccdurc lll\‘i)l\'lllt', first on lIl'.i'l‘—
tion of n incusin'cd :nnonnl of tuli—
ci'cnlin oclwccn thc lu_\'crs of tho
skin usually on lhc lol‘i‘lll'il :uni
sccondly :l l'i‘.l(llllu, doin- «iii—7'3 hours
lulcr ll rcdncss unil >.\\'l‘llllL: :n'c
.Ippurcn' of tlic snc ol lllfn'lllnllilll.

Parenls' Day
Plans Include
Class Program

(lcncrnl nnilnlion. lol‘ lhc unnunl
lJuI'I-nts' l)uy lmyc l)(l'l‘ scnl to
pnrcnls oi nl Stnn- Collcgc stntlcnls
’llns ycur tlic (lnic oi tln- l’urcntr,‘
l)uy lms bccn .\l‘l for Sutln'tiny.
Mnl'cli lillll lnvilullons conlnllnnu
lln- proxinnn lor llll‘ bill‘i‘ldl cunts
sclicdnlcil tor llml tiny will In: scnl
to 1111- p1n'cnls oi ii'islnnu-n onl\
l‘crsonnl Invitations

l‘ilillillllfalh lms hucn l-Lowo upon
Ihc nnpn'lnncc o1 pcrsonn nnnm
lions lroin Inc durum. 1o lln-Il
pzn'cnls lo insin'c llu'll tzlll‘lliliillll‘
I‘:\|M'I'lllli‘lllltl (‘lusscs

In on :iilcnpl lo nuluilc .i wcll
lmlunccil pin 1'1'.Ilil \\llll'll would rw
iill‘, 1Illircsl pii‘cnl , lln' l’ni'cnis
lluy coinnnllcc 1:. llunnnn: lo c1
up .in I'\|)<'l'lllllli|:il i'ounl ol l'i.|h.‘a
cs ll tr. liopcd Ilml .il.ciul.ili‘c .il
tin-sc clnsscs will l'_l\ pncnl> on
opportunity if: «.1 scnc :n’tllnl chins
proccilnrc 'lhcsc tho. wil. i'ni'll
run nbonl l\\t‘li|_\ nnniccs in lcinxth
A list of lliosc nan-Iris who will
conduct flu-sc cxpci'nncnln clnsscs

und thc room; whcic thc) will be

Intrigln will in incliulcd in tin: pro~
plums

()lln-r cycnls will inclurh- .i wcl—
conic by thc ncw SA pl'csniunl, dch—
cution of thc ncw dorm unit at nnisi»
cul progruin illulcl‘ the direction of
A ‘Anch Clcincnt,»

A, Class Ollicers

Chairman Announces Procedure,
Seating Arrangements For Classes

Tomorrow afternoon at 2 pm. Richard Kendall ‘58,
President of Student Association, will inaugurate his suc-
cessor to that ofﬁce. Anne King ‘59, Chairman of the
Special Days Committee, discloses that the first annual
Inauguration Ceremony to be held in February will take
place in Page Hall.

Seating Arrangements

According to Miss King the present Senior class will be
seated in the balcony; the class of 1959 will sit in the cen-
ter of the auditorium; the Sophomores will be placed in
the left section and the freshmen in the right section of
the hall.

Procedure

Inauguration Day will begin with the singing of the
Alma Mater by the student body directed by Sally Harter
'58, Student Association Songleader.

Kendall will then take over the proceedings with an—
nouncements of newly elected officers. First to be made

informs the students of those elected, the new ofﬁcers

will come to the stage to receive a letter of congratulations.
The present Myskania members will be seated in the

back of the auditorium and will move forward to tap their

successors. Marilyn Leach '58, Chairman of Myskania,

Manloux TeSf will announce each new member, and they will be led to

the stage to receive their keys and take their places.

lllf' lli‘l’hUI: is onmldm‘vd a ll‘JSlFW“ The next step Will be disclosure of the Senators elected

11",”Lll'll‘,  lgliib‘WJE‘Lfiiﬂﬁlfnf from each class. As their names are announced, Senators

m in, contact with tile tuhcrclc huc- will go to the stage where they W111 be seated for the re-

l'll to producc this allergic response. mainder of the ceremony,

Ncgntiio l’i'ili‘tol‘s, of course are I ‘ ._ f _ _

Um... “m, 1,,“ u, d,.,,,,,,,s,,.,,,,. any _ A. Farewell Address from Kendall to the Student As—

rm t1on m tin: no and who huvc sociat1on is next on the agenda and Will be followed by the

no! :5 Wt mhulcd “My tubrl‘rlt’ but“ announcement of the new Vice-Prestdent of SA.

n. of ‘l *‘l' ox Int r- .‘utus . . .

is]“mi:“(iiiiﬁdmu“ifsﬂ'nmv1.3,,” Kendall Will then reveal who the next PreSIdent Will

nunn m 1mm l'lli‘h‘i X-I‘uy stuthch be and administer the oath of office to the person elected.

The President for 1958-1959 Will, in turn. administer

x—m l-luuninulions the oath of ofﬁce to his Vice-President and the Senators

1 x Il..|lf\' \‘curs. nnnnul X-i';l_\' who Will be working With him or her.

, "f’,”““'." “Wm‘mt‘ An Inaugural Address will follow. and the ceremony

in: in: to (.l‘-i'ii\i‘l_\ of low cuscs. . . . I. . . .

a,  .. 11.1,... “W. mm,“ mm ;,- w Will conclude With the smglng of the national anthem by

.i ii lln- slndcnts rcuct positn'cly tllC StUdCIll/S.

('3,M,‘[m“ﬂ,Jiffki'ﬂiff1,131},f;11‘,‘,':;”,‘f, It is suggested that students Who are running for

  mt.- .-.,m.. ,. 1mm w'ny lrnm office come dressed in stilts since they Will be presented

111 ~ on.» o moon that! practically t1) the Student Association

:11; none. .wlnlls Wcl‘t' lllll'I'li‘fl by

tho I ll)l‘l' t- hat-nu b). llic tnnc thcy 1\|0ving-Up Day

will!“ \lullmluﬁil K M W, m Thc F‘cbruary Inauguration Day Will replace part of

.z‘l‘is‘ltnn ‘.-':I‘; :i- k I.” -v ‘4 - ,- I, I, -- .

,,, ,H, Hum, “m MP H“. “mm, thc unmonus of. Moving Up Day traditionally held in

n. ,,..nm m and (‘olliuc m (imm- May. This event Wlll still take place but concentration W111

with l‘x-IIHIHI‘MWS HI“ “MI 1W"- be on other ﬁelds of student interest.

11ml tor lllc stndcnts ct 1111.. insti—
I
talus/l one?

to llu- poSliil’c linictol's

(No.1. J‘nl tolls oi

lllllliil

'liu ..-r.|\ lihili oi llli‘ Ncw York
Sim: licnllh licpnrnncnl will sci
l',) in lhc i‘.|llil'l'lil starting Mon-
my All :iuilcnts :11'c rcoiu-sicd 1o
llilill'l tor X~I‘.i'. its llt'nl' llll‘ lliili'
cliriilllcil llh Is yost-llilc iln‘lolc ol‘
..Il1'l‘ ('ltlSSiS'
x-Itny Scheduli-

Mullfllll
l-i.’ |,lil .-\|Jclc—15cll
if—li pin li-‘lilllrililltvlin
ii-l {Jill ill"): incl-(Dull
'li'c.(l.i\

l).:1lcy -l )lJHllllM
l‘lus‘ I-y -l"oicc

o»1o.ini
ill—ll .: lll

ll l‘J .l Iii l-ori ritual wich
VJ. pin llu:r'lt-llynnin
114i pin llci'-K_\cu
It i pin l ilionilnn'd~McVnnnun

\N’iilncstlnl'
ii-ltJ u ill
ill—ll n In

MutiliuMyslliislx‘i

Nnulz-l’lcl'cc

ll 1! u ill l'icrson—vliynn
l~31liil Snbin—Snnlh
2—»! Smdcr—S/urck

'l nursoui
ll~lll lll.ll
ill—ll win.
ll—lii an.

 

'l‘uggnrt-'l‘ylcr

Ulisscqutch

'l'hosc who inlsscd c.1rl~
Icr dulcs und scci'ctairlul

and lnullltcllullcc stall. WINIFRED YOUNUS

 

'l.
r;

:

uging Company

 

Y I l
i
w

 

