   
    
    
     
  
   
     
   
   
  
   
   
 
   
    
  
    
  
  
  
   
  
  
   
   
   
 
 
  
  
  
   
 
 
 
  
  
   
 
 

f __,w_._.__,-..-.....m..mm..mi_~

 

i

 

 

ﬁI—I -

H

0 EC Whi'bh

5-"th

PAGE 2

Every Friday . . .

The history of the State College News is a full and
colorful one. Its ﬁrst issue appeared on Friday, November
4, 1916, ﬁnanced with the sale of subscriptions. The News
has come a long way since that time but it has always
maintained an important inﬂuence on Student Govern-
ment and extra-curricular activities. It has been a leader
sensitive to progress.

Since its initial publication, the News has always come
out on Friday. This has been a tradition which each
editor has had to live up to. It is a constant challenge, but
no one has ever failed.

To many people on campus the News is considered to
be a closed clique. To a certain extent this is true. In order
to meet the challenge every week the members of the News
Board and staff work under constant pressure to produce
the paper that you are now reading. There is no glory in
this work. What then keeps you coming back week after
week? Is it loyalty, loyalty to the tradition and the satis-
faction gained when you read and see others read “your”
masterpiece on Friday.

This feeling has been with every Board and staff mem-
ber since the founding of the paper. Without it there
would be no paper. These people make the News what it
is now and what it will be. The News is a personality and
a machine. It is powerful and dynamic. It is the very
heart of State. M.C.F.

For You...

This issue of the State College News represents another
“ﬁrst” for this college. This year, in an effort to expand
the picture of State College visiting parents receive on the
day dedicated to them, the planning committee approach-
ed the hierachy of this publication and asked if it would
be possible to publish a special “Pai'ents’ Day issue of the
News," devoted to the extracurricular life of State College
students. What you see before you today is the end product
of that idea—the ﬁrst annual Parents‘ issue of the State
College News.

In these six pages, you will ﬁnd descriptions of the
organizations and activities in which your son or daughter
participates. You will also ﬁnd some of the regular features
and columns which appear regularly in this newspaper;
the only alteration made in them is that they have been
written by the usual writers in their usual journalistic
style especially for you, “the folks at home."

We hope you will ﬁnd a few free moments sometime
during this hectic day to glance through this issue, for
there is a purpose behind this publication.

All of us—administration, faculty, and students, are
proud of the extra-curricular program here at NYSCT.
Student government, publications, dramatics, sports, and
music are an important phase of the college's education
program. The hundreds of sons and daughters who ac-
tively participate in one or more of these extra-class activi-
ties are learning to face responsibility; they are learning
to deal with people and situations they will face not only
in their four years at State, but throughout life. As future
educators, they are learning of the value of an extra—cur—
ricular activities program to any student, whether he be a
high school or college student. Finally, no college career
would be complete without some contact with student
activities—it is the "expected thing to do" on most Amer-
ican campuses.

So, to the moms and dads who are gracing State Col-
lege today with their presence, we dedicate this issue——--
your issue—of this campus' biggest, best, (and only) news—
paper, The State College News. J.A.S.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 19l6
BY THE CLASS OF 1918

 

First Place CSPA Second Pl'dt'l.‘ ACP

Vol. XLIII

Mclnbcis of the NEWS stall may he l'L‘iii'lll'ii Mondiiy 'lucsdiiy .ind \Nﬂfllllroiiil)
from '1 to ii p in at 2-332tl, Ext ll l'honi-i. Fitzpatrick 3-4521 Alili: 2-7030. Klililpl
2-9870.

'l‘hc iiiidmgriiduuu: newspaper of ‘lilf New York State College loi 'll‘iii‘lli'lh
published every Friday of tin: Collegv ymi ll) liil' NEWS llmird for Low Hilllli‘lll
Association

MANY Fl'l'll'A'l'ltlUK < - ' ' - - ‘ - — ~ Kilitor—lii-(fliici
MAINE IH‘J'I‘TMI‘ZK - - ' — - - ~ - - — I‘ancutlve (Io-I‘ldlioi‘
JOSEPH HZAIUiK - ' ' - ‘ - - - - Executive ('IJ-lidiiur
MARLENI’. ACKiCItMAN - - ~ Managing Editor
CAROL Al l(‘ — - — Business Advertising liiiltor
v — - Munitions Advertising Consultant
MAItlT-JEN’I‘UI'"I‘ NILM‘JN - " - - - - - - — Associate Editor
MARY ELLEN JOHNSON - - - ~ - - - -- - Ausoolute lﬂlil‘ﬂ'
JAMES Molllltﬂl — - - - - ~ - - - - ~ Associate lidltur
ELIZAHIVI‘H SI'ENCI‘SII - - - - - ~ - - - - Associate lidltor
MONICA ’ruAsKlls — - ' ' - - - Assoc-lute lidltor
JOHN QUIBK - - ' - - - - u l'ulillc nclutlolis Editor
ARTHUR I'LO'I‘NIK - v - ‘ ' - - — - Feature Editor
ROBERT KAMI'I“ - - - - - - - - Sports Editor
GRACE ENGEH! - - - - - Circulation—l‘2xcliiinge liiittur

PHOTOGRAPHY - - - - - - . .

a

March 15, 19:38 No

 

ANN IIITCIICOCK ~ -

Hill“: College i'lioto Service
All unnmunlcutions should be uddrcbocd to the editor and mutt bi: signed Nainrs

will be withheld on request. Till? STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opiniom expressed in its columns or coniiiiunicittfona. as such expressions do not

necessarily reflect its views
W‘

 

 

 

(optic! KM

Just to let you see what items
occupied students back in the 1920’s
here is a joke column taken verba-
tim from the October 5, 1923 issue
of the State College News.

Study Hours in the Dormitory
“Hence we derive this theory . . 
“Hair-nets are not selling well.“
“Mauve and the sleeves are in

Henna. . . . "

Editor’s note: Sounds divine!

“The Co-ed should have some
rights!"

“Just as we got settled in the den
some dumbell turned on all the
lights."

“Hence we derive this theory . . 

“For the women's building. you .

u

know a date room with . .

“Honest her eyes were all bleary." ‘

“Fell right over in the snow."

“Hence we derive this theory . . .

“Wear that old pink one of
Dolly’s."

"He'll never notice it."

"What if he did try to hold me?"

“We have to put on a stunt."

“Hence we derive this theory . . .'

“Where are your ﬁne arts notes?"

“I made my eyes look all teary . . 

“Prof said he would deﬁnitely
pass me if I got an A on the
ﬁlial . . 

“Wouldn't have gone if he had
asked me!"

“Hence we derive this theory . . .
a‘: i: 1:

n

Father: Ai'e you sure he isn't fiftel‘
your money. Did he really say that
he loved you?

Daughter: He swore lic worship-
ped me since he first saw me."

“Where was that?"

"At the beach last summer.

“Were you in a bathing suit?"

"Yes."

"He's after your money."

From the November 7, 1923 Issue
Questions of the week.

Have social affairs lit the college
during the past two years been wet
or dry?

Is liquor easy to get on or near
the campus?

Have you noticed a change in the
attitude of the students towards
social conventions?

Editor’s note: What is the college
generation coming to?
Teacher‘s Cigarettes

“Applications will for positions as
teachers in the Schools of Lynn will
not be considered if it is known that
the candidates smoke cigarettes."
Editor’s Note: No wonder there's a
shortage of teachers.

as

House Mother: Wluit timc did he
leiivc last night?

Girl: ’l‘cii o'clock,

House Mothci': Don’t lie to inc;
I hczu'd him say us he left, "just
onc'."
v- i: :i'

We (loiii like ihc l’roin air]

We think the fcmininc knci-

ls :i disgusting sight.

We would ni-vcr iillow llli'ULlllt‘ lips
to mcct ours.

We think the modern

Scckci‘ iii'tci' i-motiomil cxpci'l-
cnccs

Is lUWt‘llll‘,; the standard of the
race.

Wc consider dancing,

In its more closely l't'litil‘tl forms,

Dangerous,

But than

We are it i'ci-blc iinniicd minority

Aiid our mum is probably (‘lur—
cncc.

And we ain't lllilllllil

(ii'll(.'l-lLlH No!

From the November 1, liltiil Issue

'l lll‘ only collcgiulc flivvi-i is owned
ifll(i f)[l(‘l"itii‘tl in Hiltli‘ (Jolli-gc c.)-
i-ds, i’ci'lnipi; fln- only onc in fhc
(‘lipitol District Aiioflici' proof of
ilii‘ cqiizih'y of i-xcs. zind oi hilltil'lli
ilcmoci'iicy ’l'lii‘i-c \i-nliirmoinc
miudcns luiic piii'cliiiscd m flicii'
ll'ltl'llfll.’ lo Ullt'litlt‘ ii lllii ‘lllllt‘ simi-
for to tho c ~,oi~icil by the lilitl!‘
.odciic i'it'llll‘lll 'lhi‘cc iiiudI-i'iiisilc
\iI’i'lli‘i liii\c lnii‘oduimi llic lziicst
inb‘liioii lii‘l‘t‘.

'No iiioic worry about gelling to
class on lime" "No, not iinliss \H,‘
gi-f ii flat." "it looks liltc ll [3—29
oocsnt it?" "its really ii 15-22
though."

A l‘lfliiil oi illlit‘ smoke. it riittlc oi
finch-ht ill\’\t‘l', ii hink of horn-
make way for iiil‘ ii o’clok special!

Hhc "is lhiii your ll'flt brotlici'
otci‘ Micro?”

lie "Yciih, did how’d you recog-
nch my old tux "

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. SATURDAY. MARCH 15. 1958

 

 

 

His parents are up today . . .

 

Gammon

state/i

By Seymour & (.‘afaro

 

 

 

  

   

All
"The first half of our lives is ruined by our parents
and the second half by our children." (‘larence Darrow
SOUND OFF

Words, words, words— that's all this column is; but every new moon
or so we come across some pithy items, and these We import to you
Unlike most of our columns ijLLst iiski, this special one we hope is tuned
in to th' 5 frequency especially allotted to parents, So ll‘d-Cllil, gang.
and read on,

EXPOSED

Into each life some rain must fall, so after donning our "confiden—
tial' ‘swcat-sliirts, and stuffing our ears with chewing gum, we sit with
poison pens in hand and fiend into the wind of dcinal. How many times
have you parents received it letter requesting "only $40 for bobin pins
’11 things." Rest assured tlnit the bobby pins were bought, the the "and
things??" That's it difl‘cri ut case. You'd be surprised how many cases
$40 will buy!

NOBODY KNOVVS—DO YOL"?

Have you met the president‘,I
DON'T NOBODY MOVE

People, people. everywhere, and not a place to sink These words were
heard coming from the lower lounge at Bl'li as someone gave up fllld
drowned himself in the coffee urn. This lounge seems to hove a way
of turning into our answer to the subway; Student Union Board is even
thinking of sclling tokens. Last year on Parents Dav it was so crowded
that someone was seen drinking out of someone clse's cup. This was all
very fine, until he went to scratch his back. Oh well, no one noticed
the body.

MAIL MARKS—MACHINiS

We suggest Lll‘ili all parents be made honorary members of “Confes-
sions Anonymous." Otlicr than the bimonthly post-card lllftL you rcz‘clvc
from your offspring, you have no doubt gotten numerous cryptic cpisilcs
originating from the grciii. god. IBM. in case you didn't know. this con—
gloincrzition of numbers, lcttci's. dirty finger pi'iiits, ftlld lipstick smuducs
is actually our marks, This is the iidininistriitioii's answer to it student's
prziyci'» to kccp you jolly about .i student's folly.

()Illﬁ ’l'() .\ UltEClAN l'Altl‘lN'l' i(i.l).l., 'l'()()i

’l‘luit iiitclul (i;l_\' could you have guessed. whcii first with child

you wcrc blcsi.
Tlliil ill 20 yours or ihcric—iiboiiis, your ruich would fill you full
of doubts.

liow comes he by ihis lousy marking? lli- says hi- most excels
at parking.

In our diiy i think no collcd it sparking
(,‘(fllﬁl‘

'l‘lii- forclii-iid gums :i ci'cusc.

llcl' lctfci's speak of cuts untold, 'I‘hi- ilc.iii's words, though, fll‘t‘
iiil' more bold

'l‘lii- yciirs slip in with bliisis illlil (him-cs
lli‘l' own l'i)lllilil"(‘~.

lhif yonili-r in l'il]) and gown shi- lli'itllct‘h' Will wonders ni-ii-r gig-data

Aliis. job iloiic sonic [)(‘iti’t‘.

Nlix’l‘!

Stati- (lollcgi- ll.i.‘-- always oci-ii iiizii'iicimi'i/cil by lines We liiivi- lllll“
iii. registration, lines to inf. lint-s [Al llt‘t shots, mini 1mm “1 i)”. prvsmiim ;,
lti-i-i-ption. ’llic only illill i- tic don't how little. is iii the library, Wc lllt\i‘
lines of pi-oplc iiiinimg to lif‘l into Siiiii: lill(l lmcs oi “mph, [Hian
Sillili'ilit)‘ \i'l"il have to with lll line to iii-l m illlf' So, to iaivc you pzii'i-ni:,
illi' fiill if‘l'ulllli‘lli. \ll' iii-l that you should stood in lmc us much it.
possibii-

[WEN MINICIH'A HAS 10!

In iiii- ltilliiiltlll oi tlic iniiln building, you liiiiiflllijit'ilh noticcd oIif
stiitiic No. it's not St Patrick ili'limg thc .uinilics from Albany, nor is if
our l)\'illl n. (llS,;tllhi', watching the students. ’l'lifs is our simbrii. Mini-rid,
goildcss of 'Jl‘l‘lliilli l.iisf )i'lil' Mllli'l‘\lt dccidcd that she'd been illl‘l'l‘
long f‘llfilitfil and tliiit shi- could sliinil if no longer. Hilt' picked up Mr]
btiiil and lclt. 'lhi- iii-xi (in) Mlnci'vii was found on thc third floor Hi
the liiviiioiy, Not only did Mllll‘l'lii iiikc ii powzli-r ior Ilii} powder—room
she i'i'iilly l'llllll‘ itllt'l' this yciii' Ill llic person of ltosuifc Wzilsii Minnic
Wiilsli siicccssiiilly bi-iii ofi tlic Indians at the Siciiii unim- while Stiilc
beat tlii- tculn. bili‘ succeeded so Wcll that now RU humus “n u“.
pedestal ioi‘ illl hour cvci'y day while Minci'iii goes for iii-i- coffee break
Ytlll'ltl'.‘ THE CAT'S l’AJAMAS

Yes sir. tiiut's yoi r baby up there on stage, so spook-cosy and 2:5
skldoo over to Piigc “till for the grand fiiialc oi this gulii grouping. 'l'his
  beenl plotiilillg‘tllt- boards for Macks now, getting viinipcd

. , . . ainpii thin, until he finally emerges with more spicndnl‘
than Lucky Liiidys Landing. more oomph than Clio-ii 130W more mm;
L‘lidillvildtlltul) gin, itlld more melody than the bouncing Black Bottom
So. hit back and relax and While you’re at it, look around not all L1“.
iiuppcrs and their bciirciits are on stiigel

 

Will Wt)il.(l(‘l‘.‘i ncvcr

lil‘l’ izi'i-ziti-sf study

 

 
   

 

  

 

A'JmiﬁEYiiﬁﬁmﬁﬁvner -, aw  ‘7.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. SATURDAY. MARCH 15. l958

 

PAGE I

 

__ ~r\

some fine In ﬂanh . . .

There are at Albany State a whole group of apart-
ment dwellers who, either by desire or necessity, have
been confronted rather suddenly with the complica-

tions and joys of adult living.

Since the start of the housing shortage at State,
more and more students have been taking this monu-
mental step, itntil now at the peak of the shortage.
the. apartment dwellers chill the faint heart by sheer

force of their numbers.

Speaking in broad averages. each cave man spends
thirty dollars a. month for rent. He shares his but
with two others. He lives in a dwelling consisting of
three rooms—a bedroom, a living room, and a kitchen.

He shares one bathroom and two

mates. The furnishings are old and ornate. but com-
fortable. The three mates eat scanty breakfasts, ela-
borate dinners. and countless snacks in the apart—
ment. For this food each eater contributes eight dol-
liil'S a week. Cooking and washing duties rotate, and
house cleaning is a once-ii—inonth, three-mini job.
This description applies rather closely to eighty or
ninety percent of the hovelcrs. although there is a.
notation. to a considerable extent in the details of

their existence.

The pictures on the right represent a small attempt
to show you how the radical 10’} lives. It is the apart-
ment of Art Plotnik of Open Mind fame who did his
own lllif‘l‘lfll' decorating and furnishings.

closets with his

 

 

 

 

Hard 7/“! ’4 0m Stacked (200eme . . .

 

An clf'iiicnt and well organized
student covernmcnt has always
been :i proud tradition at New York
State Collcge for Teachers Student
government has not only functioned
to coordinate and supervise student
activities: it has served as a train-
ing ground for the development of
competent leaders and the focal
point of student extra-curricular
intcrcsts. Self-government in non-
academic matters hiis reiiiiiined.
through the years, an integral and
basic part of' State College.

The Old

Student '1()\‘L‘l'lllllellt, like all dcm-
ocriitic governments, must be flexi—
ble enough to reflect changes in the
society which it serves. For many
years, ihc town meeting type gov-
.‘i'nmcnf billii’d on weekly all-college
.isstinbhcs incl, the needs of the
school quite well. The Constitution
which ill""§(‘l'li)(‘(i the governmental
sfi'ucfurc. however. was it relatively
rigid and detailed document. When
in the curly 1950‘s the college en-
i'ollincnl more than doubled. the
student assembly type of govern—
ment became painfully inadequate
simply i)l'l'iiuSG the college popula—
tion i-xcccdcd the seating capacity
of’ Page Hall. This in turn initiated
:i discoiiiogiiig and virtually unan—
S\‘.'(‘l‘iii)lt‘ . lllilll reaction: people who
could not attend Student As~ociii-
ilflll Aswmbhcs were denied lll-
iol‘lllfliloli of the imincduitc func—
tioning oi uovci'nnicnt lllld lost their
fight :ictncly to make Student AS-
so'izuion policy; the loss of in-

ane 7/mcﬂil‘im4 .

'l‘o ihi- port-fits of thc students of
Albany Hiull‘, yoii shou'd know that
il'hillllfllls make up ii gi'i-iit liftl'i. oi
your son and diiiizliici"s lif’c lit
(‘ollcgc l-.'\cii you :ii'c piii'ilciputiiig
m :i lll‘\\l\' found li'iidifion l’ui‘cnins
ll;i\

’l'lic first fi'iidiiioii iliuf your son
01' (liili ‘lll"l' cncounfci's vvhcn he or
hllI' :ii'i’lvis fiL Siiitc is l“l't‘$lllllllll
Wrc. 'l'hzs \vcckciid affords ii ul'ciit
o;poi'i.innf~. for the fi‘cslimcn to
lil'l‘i lhc iliissmufcs fillii iciichcrs
on on iiiloi‘izml lid-ls 'l‘hcy iilso
ll'ltl'll about oillcui- llil', iiinilc lit‘l‘
m' Iiicivisiiips iiiid cici'Hlilng that
is to iii:ii~‘.i lip iiii'il' t'lllii‘ '(‘ i'iii‘ci'l'

Nix! llic spoill lii oi li'iiillilim
hills iiiioii iiii' All—(follcgc itci'cpiloli
iii-1d ill iln- lll'lllllllilil, oi flic .sq'iliiol
\mi' 'l'hi frosh iii'c i‘llti'l'iiillll'tl illlil
.tlt‘ ‘ll‘.i‘ll the opportunity to ini-i’t
l‘illii‘i'i‘lii‘m ni-n informally,

li‘ollouiii' iiic All-Collcgi' ltcccp~
iioh is inc l’f‘csidciif‘s ltcccpfion
\\llli‘il is .i lill'lllltl rcz-cpiion licld
shortly :Iflt-i' the first semester
l‘illllllli'lli'ih At illis tiinc, till now
sliidcnf:~ .iccompiinicd by flu-n" liig
lil‘fiillt'l‘h‘ lillli Sisters itl'f‘ infrodiicid
to ihc :iilillllllb‘il'ilililll und faculty.

ltl\illl) is if competitive pci'iod oi
conicsfs ‘lll(i inn bctwwn flii- P‘i'i‘sll—
lililil iuid Sophomore cliisscs. it was
institiilcd ill Albany Stiitc to unite
(in: iiidiyidiuil clusscs and to help
the l"l'i‘.‘llllilt.‘ll develop class organi-

formation and participation bred
disinterest; disinterest soon became
apathy. Apathy is a quiet cancer
of the mind which wages unceasing
coiillict with the body politic; it
is, moreover, highly infectious. and
by 1954 student government at State
College was seriously undermined.
The New

Efforts to adapt student govern-
ment to the changing needs and
attitudes of the student body, within
the context of the old S. A. Con-
stitution. proved to be increasingly
frustrating failures. Midway in the
1956-57 academic year, the mal-
function of student government had
become so serious as to necessitate
either a moratorium on govern-
ment or a complete revision of
princip es and structure. Under the
direction of Student Council, and
with the cooperation of the Ad—
ministration. a student committee
was iriipowei'ed to write an entirely
new Student Association Constitu-
tion.

The Constitution written by this
committee and subsequently approv—
cd by the student body envisions
a student government which not
only supervises college activities, but
clitcl‘s actively into the discusSion
and formulation of policy which is
related to all facets of college life.

President and the Cabinet. while
judicial duties remain with My-
skania. All government personnel
are now elected or appointed on it
January to January basis.

The new student government is
designed to reach all students; its
purpose is to effect those policies
which are meaningful and important
to the students; it is structured so as
to be ﬂexible and readily adaptable
to uiiforseen exigencies; in short it
is intended to be a vital and dy—
namic force in the total program of
the College.

First Semester

During its first semester of oper-
ation, the new government organi-
zation has been less than successful.
Much time and energy has been de-
voted simply to testing the strength
and applicability of the Constitu-
tion, and determining the proper
functions of the branches of govern—
ment in actqu situations. Many ini-
portant precedents have been set;
many problems remain unsolved.
cg. what is to become of the tradi-
tional concept of Myskania?

There is little doubt in our minds
that the new Constitution is a sound,
well-balanced, thoughtful document.
Given competent personnel who can
translate words into action, reason-
able support from the student body,

Thus the newly formed S. A. Cabinet and the continued cooperation of our

acts  a channel of information and
ideas between the college adminis-
tration. the reconstituted Student
Senate. and the students. A.l leg-
islative and policy-innking power is
dilcgzited to the Senate, executive
authority desolves to the S. A.

nation. Many of their class il.ll(i
fiiturc college lenders are developed
lll these competition.

()nc of the favorite traditions iii
State is l-loincconnng chkcnd
\l‘llli'll was first lllilllllll'lltt‘d in 19:33.
Pint of the llul‘liilﬁl‘ of the weekend
is to ci'cutc ii closi'i' bond of iiiuly
bi-fivi-cn prcscnl siiidcnts find grud—
iniics lllt’liltlf‘tl on the iigcndii is
n :vocwci' gziinc. opt-ii llf)li.‘s(':. b_\
group lio'i.~cs. iiiid rcci-piions. It
also i‘i'iiVlill‘S ihc i'i-fiii'nim: iihimni
no opportunity to ‘,lt' foi'incr class»
lllitii‘ii ti m cf undci-chissnicu,

Winicrludc. sponsored by lllll‘l'-
Hoi‘oi'ify ltll(l llllt‘l’-l“l'ili(’l‘illi)' (‘oiin-
cils on i'iuiipiis, is on flllllii‘ill foi'ninl
dam-c hcld in thc Willii'l' months
it is the on y i-vi-ni on tile collcgc
i'iilciiilul' which signifies the coop—
('l'itill'f‘ efforts oi ltll ihc sociiii
groups on campus.

The first port oi second scm-sfci'
is lilihlightcd by State Fair. 'l’lic
annual event commences with an
opening show in Page lliill Audi-
till‘lliill, From there the crowd
moves into it bright midsz of guy
booths illld concessions which has
bccn triiiisiiferred from the ordin-
lll‘y surroundings of school through
the efforts of the faculty, students
ilil(l orgiiiiimitinons at State. Pro—
ceeds from this event go to the
lf‘in‘tflgli Student Fund which brings
students to study at State.

forward-looking and enlightened ad-
ministration, the new Student Asso—
ciation Constitution will pl‘OVldc the
mature and meaningful type of stu-
dent government which is both nec—
essary for, and worthy of. Stzitc
College.

Religioud elude.

 

The need to adjust is very acute
when an individual comes to col-
lege. The parental bonds which
guided him for many years have
begun to slackeii. He finds himself
in a different environment and
must adjust to its demands. Every
day seems to bring on new and
unique perplexities. As the days
pass. the wise student begins to
realize that his problems aren't
quite as unique as he thought—for
their are others who bear the same
burdens. He ﬁnds there are various
avenues he can take to solve his
problems. He and many like him
seek the guidance of a religious
organization.

On our campus, whether a student
is Protestant, Catholic. or Jewish,
there ". some religious club which
can aid him in fulfilling his needs.
The religious groups not only offer
spiritual guidance, but also sponsor
activities of a social nature. The
members of each group are given
the opportunity to belong, work
together, and resolve their perplexi—
ties.

To assist the individual religious
groups in their work. an organiza-
tion was established on the cam-
pus—the Council of Religious Clubs.
The membership of the Council
consists of representatives from the
religious clubs. The objectives of
the Council are:

l. Represent its member clubs to
the administration, faculty and stu-
dent association.

2. Stimulate students to affiliate
with a religious club of their pre-
ference.

3. Focus attention on the activi-
ties of religious clubs.

4. Encourage individual action.

440mm

In addition to the distinction of
being on the dean's list if he ob-
tains an accumulative average of
B for the semester, a State College
student may receive further aca-
demic recognition by being elected
to one of State's eight honorary
societies. Signum Laudis, the schol—
astic honorary established in 1932,
is comprised of the top ten per-
cent of the Senior class. of which
four percent is named at Moving
Up Day of the Junior year, another
four percent in the fall of the Sen-
ior year. and the remaining two
percent at Moving Up Day of the
Senior yeah. All members must
have an accumulative average of B
or higher.

Almost all departments in the
college now have an honorary so-
ciety. The requirements are set up
to parallel those of the national
honor societies and in many cases
appreciably exceeds national re-
quirements. In general, the student
must be a Junior or Senior, have
completed the majority of courses
for a minor in the subject area,
have received a B average in these
courses, and have an accumulative
average r-f 2.5 or above. The so-
cieties are: Alpha Epsilon—profes-
sional education society for women;
Kappa Mu Epsilon—national honor-
ary mathematics fraternity; Kappa
Phi Kappa—professionanl education
society for men; Mu Lambda Alpha
—-inodern language society; Pi
Gamma Mu—national social studies
society; Pi Omega Pi—national
business education society; and Tau
Kappa Alpha—n ember of the Na-
tional Honor Board and open to
those excelling in forensic activities.

Sometimed We can] . . .

 

MOVING Ul’ DAY is an annual tradition cilm

r. a. as... 3." 

a

axing the school year. Each class moves up and a pm-

  

 

ursslon oi' the classes is led out of Page "all where the class numerals are formed and ivy is planted by the
outgoing Seniors. In the. evening, a skit written and produced by the students is presented. A campus sing,
with the classes forming a hollow square in front of Draper "all, then follows.

  

