.
.
i
i

 

 

 

 

 

 

an n. - .. -_

u on h—In—

 

PAGE 4

Autumn, Winter, pring; No Matter

ontinually Hold Student interest
"Thanks To Your Taxes" 4

Intramural Athletics
9 V ﬂutmm [eased

The Association of Men's Intra-
mural Ai‘iietics and the Women's
Athletic Association are the two or-
ganizatious on campus which set up
the program of intramural athletics
for the undergraduate student body.
Fall Sports

When the students hit campus in
the beginning of September, they
become acquainted with these or-
ganizations almost immediately. All
underclassinen are a part of these
groups under their Student As ()cia-
tion tax, the men in AMIA and the
women in WAA. The first apart. In
the male IL"CIl(itI is football.

The brand of football played on
campus is not like that of major
colleges but is a form oi two-hand
touch. It is I'UUliIt‘I' thin the touch
' ' ”' ' football played in the backyard at

TOUCHDOWN. Activity in the AMIA Intramural Football League home, but milder than that played
ﬁnds Potter Club's quarterback. Tom Brierly. leading his team to another on the Big; 10 mmpqg .5 gut-h 15
touchdown. Potter Club has dominated the league for the past twa years. Michigan sum.

With the lack of varsity football. State students liml this exciting i‘all Frat Rin

action on the intramural ﬁeld ideally ﬁtted to their likings. Om. mummy,” “mm”. Ur 5mm},
football ,irogi'ani is the rivalry
which (Bl-(I45 among the tour catn-
pu.» fraternities. Alpha Pi Alpha,
Kappa Beta. Potter Club, and Sigma
Lambda Sivma. For the past two
seasons, Potter Club has dominated
the ranks. which also includes teams
from the men‘s dormitories as Well
as independent Iil'tzillll'lttiliiii squads.
Women ﬁnd their activity on Dorm
Field in the form of soccer and
field hockey.

 

      

" 'c J“ a», M"

 

Kampf Komments:

Greetings
Mom and Dad

Hello Moms and Dads.

When they told me you were coming today, I sat right
down behind my typewriter, and began banging out a
story connected with our sports system here at State.
However, I got lost after trying to make up enough stories
to ﬁll the rest of the page. The pictures are proof of that.
So, I decided to write you a letter since I seldom get the
chance during the week with football, soccer, basketball,
volleyball, badminton, tennis and bowling taking up most
of my time along with my favorite sport of pin the tail on
the donkey.

We do have a full program of sports, and there is
something to satisfy everyone. A vigorous physical activi—
ty schedule is presented to us as soon as we get to frosh
camp. The thing which stands out most in my mind about
this year’s camp was the new sport of dunk the counselor
in the swimming pool. I was the counselor!

There’s always a sign-up sheet posted on the activity
bulletin board for some sport. It you don't sign, they
nickname you “apathetic.” I signed up once, but never
again. They told me they play two-hand touch football
here. Well, I thought I could master a course in that, but
much to my dismay, I was wrong. Do you know that three
out of eleven players on a league team are sent to the r
hospital at least once during the season? I made it up No, NM- m'clr v“... t“... ..,..
for our team, I was sent three times. uiusinsut- ski rims above lint] little

So, you can see why I stick to writing a column. I lifllf’ {‘{rfuf'f‘ ""‘Iifil-V “.‘Lmﬁiyhb‘rf-I‘:
hope you’re not too disappointed, but you must realize :‘I'L,:;:”,’i:;l‘:,‘('l“,mf" L13”? ’3‘?‘ ,‘u‘mi‘l‘l‘;
that I wasn't cut out for sports ever since my coach 5mg sum-1 in... a ski Nu“... “m..-
kicked me off the zwieback eating team in nursery school. ever. Outing ('Iub supplies skis to

anyone interested In taking a week-
l in 74a 372ml; 14 Warm?” . .

end oil‘ from school in order to find
solace for their fun in the upper
.-\dirondaclis.
In the SIII'III'J, a young lililil'o below. you can get a good idea Year
iaiicy it’lll‘IlS to‘thoughts of baseball. H, mm “.3”. Hut H”, “.m‘llm kw],
or so t e saying goes. .
’ , u; \iith 'lic mm b' $llii\\lll' i:ti'll‘
Who knows where a womans l y I i
fancy gun“. but by the “mks “I m“. Sillli Uil I.ii' lmil ilt'l'l. l)lil Uil, lilo c
of State's own “Babe Zahariascs" sore llllsil‘l'hl

 

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. SATURDAY. MARCH 15. l958

7

    

What Season,

'5‘ 0w: ’

mw a "w '» “drum .5

 

 

W’o’ntee

Old man winter‘s blistering cold
and snowy weather tend to drive
the average State College student
indoors durini the months of No-
vember-Viarch, but once Inside,
there is plenty to (lo. Observe above.

AMIA Has Fun Program

Basketball, 1) o \v I i ii g, volleyball,
badminton. and tranipoiin share the
:-ootliglit on campus when winter
arrives. The biggest activity (illl'lllL',
the past reason was bo'.'.'ht‘g as the
ircsluncn dcminated Saylcs I-Iall
iIvc. Sli()\’.'c(i thcir stuff by cont,ticr-
Ill.', thc iicld oi ten teams. We, too.
keep with the trend of America
\Vl'lt‘ll sins. bowl for health. You
needn‘t worry. mother. it your boy
can throw a bowling ball like titli-
lions ot other Americans, hc wa.
there union: the seventy odd howl-
ers who took part in this year's
league.

 

S'l‘lthli. One of the more than
seventy bowlers “ho annually take
part in the Intramural League. li'ls
go with ii perfect slrilic ball on tlic
Iticc Alleys. Western Avenue. .\l‘
hairy. where action takes place dur—
ing an eleven Wl‘t'lt period in the
winter.

 

   

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. SATURDAY. MARCH 15. 1958

 

 

 

occer, Wrestling,

‘ w’;

‘CoachSauers'TeamsCompile
Outstanding Hoop Record

In 1955, the Albany State coaching body was expanded
to include a third man. As a result, Mr. Merlin Hathaway
was relieved of his coaching details and took over the head
post of Athletic Director. The new addition, Mr. Richard
J. Sauers took the helm on the court. and baseball diamond.
Shines ()n The Court

Coach Sauers is a graduate oi Slippery Rock College
in Pennsylvania. While in college he received varsity let-
ters In basketball and tennis. After serving three and one-
hali years in the Navy as an Athletic ()l'Iiccr aboard the
USS Block Island, he did graduate work at Penn State
University. At Penn State he gained his initial collegiate
coaching experience by acting as assistant basketball
coach.

Here at Albany, Coach Saucrs‘ teams have compiled
a three-year record of 45 victories against Iii defeats on the
basketball court. During' the season which was just com-
pleted, an Albany State basketball team participated in a
post-season tournament, tor ilic first time in its history,
losing to Rider College in the District 3] playoiis oi the
NAIA tournament. In three years, this record shows that,
State teams have come a long way under the tutelage of
the young baciiclor

 

 

O

.2 V   “2;. (me.
M   

I

.Ik‘vq" 41:14?" - “"75 42-44,va

asketbali Comprise Varsity Sports;
tate Squads Sparkle in Each Under Stall Oi

  

;"

Facilities Receive Boost From State Aid;
Athletic Program To Include New Field/muse

During the past three years,
Albany Hate College has been
blessed with outstanding varsity
teams in tour i‘ields oi sport, soccer.
basketball. wrestling, and baseball.

With the current State expansion
program in full operation, the Al-
bany campus is soon to see the
addition of a new athletic field and
ﬁcldhousc. At the present moment,
one major part. of the program has
been complete and that is the lay-
ing of asphalt tennis courts on Lllt‘
ground area where the “whole
shooting works" will bc—rrthe ioi'mcr
College Heights area.

Army Barracks

Up until 1957. the State students'
eye fell upon a quadrangle of de-
t.eriorated Army barracks, which,

(it) 'l‘I'IAM (l0. What would all these teams be without the likes of
the group above. I-lvery year at c\

team needs support irom its l'ans. (

much to the delight of the men who
were forced to reside there. were
torn down to make way for progress.
The area in question shou'd you
care to observe it today is opposite
the present State College dormitor-
ies on the western side of Part-
ridge Street. The land has been
leveled off and awaits the “play
ball" cry of the construction boss
who will have his men erect the
new iiCldhOllSC. athletic‘fteld and
all the trimmings for a better sport..-
at State.
Page (lym

Our present set-up for athletics
includes a gymnasium, which has
become obsolete due to the increased
number oi students at Albany, a
City athletic field known as Bleettk-

cry game, no matter what sport. a

‘hccrlcaili-rs help arouse that support

an dyou can bet that the participants on the gridiron. court. diamond.
or other field of action. are happy to see the girls in short skirts on the

scene during the contest. "We'll win
and we'll cheer you all lhc nay. . .

if we only show our might and light,
 (Stale ('ollege l‘lglll Songl.

 

$714M? 74a£n£n9 Now in Sudden

 

 

 

er Stadium and located on Clinton
Avenue. with oi Centnral Avenue,
the Page Hall field for iiitrainurais.
Dorm Field (don‘t break any win-
dows. boysll, and Beverwyck Field.
north oi Brubacker Hall on Wash-
ington Avenue. It is not much, but
has sufficed for all these years.
State College will welcome the ex—
pansion program's facilities with
open arms.

Merlin Hathaway

A graduate of Cortland State Col-
lege. Athletic Director Merlin Hath-
away, who has coached Ped teams
in baseball and basketball. is in his
twelfth year at Albany State. He
was a four letter man in college and
after graduating played professional
football and baseball. He did his
graduate work at Albany and NYU
and is presently chairman of the
Physical Education Department.
Joseph Garcia

If you see a short, dark, well
built man around campus today and
he asks if you’ve ever played soccer
or wrestlcd. run for the nearest
exit, or else you’ll find yourself on
the soccer field or wrestling mat
next season. The man with the
persuasive tone of voice for these
things is none other than our soccer
and wrestling coach. .Ioe Garcia, 21
graduate of the University of Illi-
nois. Mr. Garcia was twice a run-
ii e r - u p Intercollegiate Champion
wrestler at. Illinois and sees a big
il‘tlll't' for it here at Albany, where
the Pcds Just (ompletcd their sec-
ond varsity season with victories
over such teams as Dartmouth, RPI,
Clarkson, and Yeshiva. His tennis
have compiled a 14-5—1 two year
record.

As for soccer. the picture at the
top oi th-- page shows the turnout
for a regular wason. During the
past. season. the I’cds were llllllll)t’l'~
ed by inexperience, but if the num-
llt'l' oi ircshmcn who were on the
team this year make It back next
ycui'. (‘oiich (liii'i'ia's cigiu‘ will be
M'lltlllitz up some happy smoke
signals.

 

