  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
   
 
 
  

 

 

 

 

 

. “Hummus... Moment“.

 

ALBANY. NEW YORK.

FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 19.

1958

VOL. XLllt NO. 17

 

1958 Frosh - Soph Rivalry

Program Features Beanies,

College Establishes Full-Time Prof Offers
Student Housing Office

This fall marks tlte beginning of
a full-time Student Housing Olliee
at State Tt‘tlt'llt‘l'b‘ College. The posi-
tioit of Housing OIlieer will he lieid
by R. Keith Muiisey.

Available, Listings

in addition to students lll tlte Col-
iege's perinaiiettt dormitories and
the various group houses. tlte Hous—
ing ()iliee witl look alter the litter-
ests of those seeking olf-ettmpt‘s
lodging.

A dt'seriptive listing of rooitts
and tip.titin--nts available to Sill-r
deizts is ktpt on file as well as it
rteor.l of t ,ose aeeoititnodations
which are not presently available
but wh.eh tire o-etipit-tl by State
stagli‘itt,‘ iit present
liis" eetion

.-\e t,nt:tit:.'tatioiis are iiispeetetl by
the (Hit 'e before approval to insure
the itteetiitg of health and safety re—
titiirt nients.

Swine iie oitiiiiotliitioiis ltil‘
l‘ii i to. pies are also listed.
.‘lr. )liiitsey

Mr. Muiisey eoines to Albany from
Ntw York City where he was a
member iii the Rt'st-ai't'li Depart—
iiteitt o1 E. F. Hutt. ll tk Co, it brok—
ei'ii.'.e tirni.

lie oriiinally liiiils from ()klttltoiita
and Colorado where he tatight ltigli
sehool and was a varsity athletie
t-oiieli.

lie is it nationally approted hits-
ketbiill otfieial. and holds degrees
trout the University of Denver aitd
C o i ii iii b l a Ulii\'t‘l'>ll_\"h ’l‘eitehers
Ct liege
()fl-(‘iunpus Dwellers

Mr, Munsey retiuests titat any
studtiit living off—campus. who has
not iitforiiit-d tlte Housing ()ilit-t- at
this fael please fill out, the short
form provided ill the ()tli.-t- tem—
pora. y loeiitetl iii Draper llli. biit
will i,e peritiaiieiitly lli Draper 111
Necessity for Housing Office

llilil'-

Due to the fact that [ills is ilie
latg st tresliiitait elass admitted
.tlltl tltal the pet'eeiit..tge oi eoth~

imitei's attending State is ..t till all-
tttne lew. tlte problem oi tiittliiig
tillt'tlliiilt' rt-sideiiet- liitlls for State
students ltas i'eaelietl serious tillll*
ensioiis

'ilie pei'et-nttee ol int-ii iii the
ll't‘ iiiii.tii lltlft- has hiol uh! tlie i'.|-
llti oi women to men at the t-oilege
to illlt't‘ to two 'iliis ii is presented
the Mother prohieiii oi tloi'tiiitories

t: i' iitt-ii
New Itiiiidlngs
’lizt- l)llllillli‘.' under eoiistttit-iioit

will be it tloiniitori esitttly like the
Western Avenue I)tii‘lllll.’it". 'l’ne
two will be eoitite-ted by .t ioiiit
dining rooiti

Plans are underway ioi‘ a wing oit
taelt of tlte doriits to ltoitse ltit)
pet.ple. lit the fiiiiil analysis the
building wilt house titti students

it i» possible that tlte newest.
dotntitory will be for itteit.

l’reshineit iiitd new transfer stu-
dents sltould ltave little trouble get-
lill‘.’ around iit Albany this year
Shell Oil Co. supplied the Housing
Office with some litit) snaps of the
(‘ity tit Albany for the hettetit of
Hi w 'tillit‘l's to the t‘il\.

State University
To Celebrate
/ ts Anniversary

A very iiiipoi'titiil iiiiiiiyersai'). is
hung eelebritted tltis year. an iiiiiii—
\eistiry whit-h is. itt titaiiy \\;i_\s.
lose to tiie hearts of State (‘ollege
students. 'lhis is the tenth \eai' oi
the State University ol New York.
'1 he theme of this tenth anniversary
t-elebi'atioii is "a deeade of growth."

Witlt the entire state as its t‘illll])—
its the University was designed to
trtnttially iitai-ze higher edueatioii
t.;)|)t)l'illilllll'h‘ more readily available
to qualified students. either in their
home towns. neighboring t‘tillilllll-
titties or geographic regions
Many Professional Graduates

The State University. in these
ten years has graduated l.ti‘4t) doe—

toi’s oi iiietlieiite. 37.171 teat-hers.
Zi.~tl-l agrieultui'al experts. as well
its many \‘etei'iiiariaits. labor and
iiidtistrial relations leaders. and
marine transportation and engi—

Iiet'i'iiig students, ll't'.ll its lotii year
and gradtrtte institutions

in ittltlllltill thousands have grad-
llilll'll ll'tiiii the two year it’t‘lllllt'tll
:‘llti t'oiiiiiilliiliy .‘llilt'ttt'h spetmlisls
ill tt't'lllit)lti1lt‘\ like .i"t'l"|llllll'ttl
pt‘titllii‘ll it. rest.iitrant and tood~
:-er\'iee management. eit-etrit-al :tiitl
lill‘iitlllil'illt'ttl tet'liiioloeit-s .Iiitl
many others
I iiitiue Ilislributioit

'llie get.;:i'apliit‘tl tzi tiiiiiitioii oi
Hldte lliii\ei'sil\ with its ltili\*l\tti
tollegt-s in Ililli'wtillt' tints .tlltl
tr wits ii.ts been .t iiiittptt- .tiitl tie-
t- ssttil t‘\,i.i'l’lllll'lil ’llie tliiitei ity
‘.\.i:. ont- of tlie pioiieeis in tit \tlti|l-
ltii'. this deeeiiti.tli/.ed tipe ol lill'll~
t-r edtieiitioii lil‘ti,'l'iilll. httt its .tti'
\.tiit;ti't's are iii-tin: l'l't'tii'lll/Itl .tiitl
tlllllltHl'll. now by .I iti‘tittili,‘, lllllll*
lit-i' tll tllii'i‘ "lilit‘h

 

President ('olliiis formally

and the best freshman elitss tantl

welcomes the (‘Iass of i962, the

largest

we. quote) ever admitted to State.

The eoitvoeatloit was held last ’i'licsday.

Dance Course
In Game Room

if you are interested iii learning
how to dance or improve your skill
iii the latest dances such as the
Cha Cha. Lindy. Tango, Foxtrot.
and other popular dances. here is
_\‘t,Lll' eltaitee. Dr. Frank Calabi'ia.
Assistant Professor of Psychology,
will give lessoits iii the Brtibiteher
game room.

'llie elitsses will itieet ‘ttCli Wed-
n: stlay froitt 3 to :3 pin. for a period
of approxtntately eight to teit weeks.
anti :1 (laiiee will be giVeii at the
end of the eotirse for tlll elass meni-
hers.
l’iufessional ’l‘eaeher

Dr. Ciilitbria hits beeit tl profes-
s oital teacher of ballroont dancing.
lle ltas taught at many national
etinvetitioits for teachers of ballroom
naming and ltas doite his Phi).
(ilw’St'l'llliltll studying itth people
ie.ii'ii ill groups.

l)r. Calabria began this experi-
ment the seeoitd semester of last
year. and this class will be a eon—
tiitiiiitioii of iite experimental work
he is doing.

Wlio (‘an .loin‘.’

’lhe class will he open to meat—
hers of the freshman. Sophoiitore.
Junior. and Senior classes. but it
will be limited to twenty boys and
twenty girls. Acceptance iitto the
t-lttss will depend upon the sample
needed for the experiment. Dr.
(‘alitbria has requested that ito one
sign tip for the course unless he
ltas tret- tiiite to attend all the
t-l.isses
How 10 Register

in order to register, till out a
.ard \\iili your itaiite. sex. age. eiass
itip. stiph. etc). and Albany tid-
diess and telephone number. lit-ave
the t'lli'ti in the Student Personnel
()iii.'e ’lltose who are at-t-epted for
itie elits will he itotiiied by ittail

Vets To Profit
From Change

t‘.ii.iii \eterans. who have lost
lllt'ti l.eiie.its due to the early rur—
t.ti liliiil of tin li' training. will prof—
tt lioni .t rt et-nt t-httnge in the regu-
:lltili» in tlte Veterans Adiniiiistra»
tioit, ..teordiiig to lliiyid ilartley.
lll'.tlt oi Melt

'l’iii-~ t-litiiiite will reinstate llil‘ll
who hate lost their benefits in this
=.i,.t\ Men are l't'tlllt‘nlt‘tl to read the
hint trotti the Veterans Adminis-
llttlitill \iiiieli has been posted tilt
the lit-.iisti'ai's litilletiii itoiti'd
toys' (‘iiib tipeiiiiigs

Another antiouiieeinent t-oitteriis
tit nines lor part time l'llllilUHllt'lll
.1 iii itt-iis:elttei' iioys' (‘liih l'ti‘-i~
l. :i. ate open lot the following.
(i\ilillll llllll iiistitietor. Woodwork»
in' litutitietor illtll l’ltotogittplty lIl-
'llllt‘llii All those interested should
iiillllll James l’ Keiit'aly. l‘lXt‘t‘ll"
ll‘.t‘ llll't't'ltii'. lteitsseltier lioys" (‘ltih_
in. all lli'o.iti\ta\. lteiisst'laei at
.i ‘-lt)if

Fulbright Advisor
See/<5 A pp/ications

/‘lllllllt‘l'
'lllil\ will be
(‘ lege students in lite
li'oizittin

Ht'llitll'h

opportunity for toieign
presented to State
l"till)l'ii!,ltt

aitd (tradiiate students
it o ate interested itt applying
it il'l‘l see l‘ithllll'ti l’ h‘haw. l’roles
:til o1 Modern languages. in ili'itpei'
Illii

t'ippi'ations ititist be processed
lei..re Ntn't'lltllt‘l' l and should be
plaeel as soon as possible

llicially Begins Monday;
Warnings, Sports - Events

Three-Week Session Opens
With No Make-Up Monday

“Be Prepared" (formerly a Boy Scout-type saying)
may soon become the motto of the class of 1962. If the
members of the class are not prepared to sing, carry
matches, weai beanies. eta. almost ad inﬁnitum, the Fed
Kangaroo Court will assume their future preparedness.

Rivalry (as the freshmen well know) starts Monday.
The Rivalry period will last three weeks. The only fresh-
men exempt from the activities of these three weeks are
veterans and married students.

Students Offer
Revue Of Talent
Tomorrow Night

'lhe iiitiiual All Colleg- Rereption
will take |:l.iee tomorrow night at
7:30 pm. in Page i-lall Atiditoritun.
it, \vitl be followed by a ditttee ill
the Brubaelter Hill dining room
front 9 to 12 pin.

’lhe event ill Fa,e will he a t.il~
ent revue with pai'tieip.iiits from
all four t'lasses here at State. Some
oi the entertainers are: Robert Fox
and Rosemarie Sepa Seniors, doing
a song and dance routine trailed
"Brush Up Your Shakespeare"; ii
medley of songs by 'he "Aseots";
Robert Helwig 'tit) deiitg "John
Henry"; Dait i.abeille ‘tiil doing a
pantomime of a girl getting ready
ior it (late.

'l‘lie music for the diiitee will be
titrhished by Vittee Bellevtlle aitd
the "New Hounds." featuring nitisie
in the modern mood.

l"rt§.‘ilillltill llours

All tresliimiit women attending
the (ltllli't' must be ill their dorms by
13:13 am
(‘ontnilttees

The General (‘hairman is ’l'erest
Kerwin 'tili Chairmen tor the l't'll-
itiittees for the event are Folly
Mt'latiitl ht). ()iiaperoiies. Mark Nye
Lighting. Naney Lou Ryan. l’ttli-
.it‘il\, Htiplitiiiitil‘t's; .loliii Htilliiatt
'ti'l. Ai‘i'iiii).i,eiiieiils

it irttings

Warnings tor infractions of the
Riia'ry rule- and rlliill be presented
by the Perl Kangaroo Court. Fresh-
litt'll “'lll i‘t’.‘t‘i\'t' warnings by stu-
dent lll‘lll ill the Commons if they
it .‘l w-ar l);‘tlniL‘S during the
:tpeeitied hours . if they do iiot
ha'e itaiite tags. aitd if they have
l." ‘:i t'llt's‘ for uppercliestnen.

'lhe freshman girls will not be
.ii ,tyt‘l t i wear all" itiake—ii't Mott-
ti:l\, .ll‘l all freshmen will be
i. 'I‘til‘t'tl to siitg the prescribed songs

A

Wtditesdav. if asked to do so by
:t ]l1l.‘l't'l.t.‘ihlll:lil.
'l railitions

l:i‘(‘8ltillt‘ll are cautioned itot to

talk lit the Rotunda itt front of the
mom of Minerva or in the front.
dt it of Draper. They may not cut
tlt‘l‘tlss Page Field. These are State
C(lilt‘.1t‘ eustoins and freshmen are
expet-ted to ttpltold them.

Various Activities Involved

Among the inaiit purposes of Riv-
alry is to develop leaders in the
t'ieshiitan ('liiss, promote it lasting
elass and school spirit and to pro-
vide the lrt-shntett (and Sopho-
mores) with three weeks of recre-
ational tlt'ilVlill‘S.
l’etl Kangaroo (‘ourt

’llie Ped Kangaroo Court consists
ii the toilowing uppereiassitien:
.ltlilt‘ Hhott'et'man. Renee Wallace
:ll"l William (tariter Seniors; Beth
Stem-er and Richard Bt-nnet, .lun-
tors; oaiid Peigy ("tough aitd John
it’oyston. Sophoitiores.

'l'lte tillt'llllli' sjiorts event for tilt-ll
Ritali'y period will be it frosii-Soplt
lll -ot-w.tr to take pla 'e September
:11 'l‘he ilt‘l(l will be a muddy area
to he eltost-n by the Rivalry eoiit-
iitiltet-

Leave Them Alone — Frosh
Need Therapy, Nor Rivalry!

I!) I'l'l'l‘l'llt ll:\ltll;\(il‘ll..\'l‘:\

llll‘l't' t'xl'ls .tii .tiitau»
the ti'esliiiit-ii \'\‘lll."ll
that they are

tiiitleistood

lint-r}; \t'di
oiiisiii toward
tll'i‘t‘h from the lilt'l
not appret-ittted or
'llit-re is no reason to t-oiitleniii them
l.et'.ill.st' ilit'\ are so liltiiitiltti’t; sti
noisy. aiitl so lilltllil\ egotistital We
litililti iiisteatl take llllll .tteotiiit the
art that iiittiit oi llll‘lil .tlt' iiiret
tltd, llti\llltt sttdtlt-ith been sit.ttt'it
til lroiii the seeinin ot then ‘\\ili'll
liliitlt's .tiitl Iiitii'ltltitiiit Wlmt litex
iitetl is tht-iapy. not ri\.di\' .'\llt't
all. ll't'hiillll‘ll are human .tiitl .tii_\
upper llthhllltlll with .i liltlt- hit oi
imagination should eome to i't-ali/t
this
li‘iiets

tlppsi't'lassineii llllt',lil _]llvl as well

leain to tolerate lreslinteii stiit'e
ILLULJ are now i'lit‘olli'il lit tiit t-oi
lege 'tliis iigtire llll\ he i)ltil\l’ll
oowii iiilo ~t‘t.tlti-i teitiaies, i125 ii

tlitilt dodgers. and 't' llll.'il'.'ll.|lll'til|s

l'l'l‘hl"l.l'il also make a nu
ll'llllilltllh to lllt‘ silent] and the
eoiiiinunity lllli'l'ht'lt l.i:tte rel.ttion
are espi'i'iiilly aided by the this
who tilli'ot’l boys lioiii l..l' siti'
rounding eoileges to otii Student
Union. its a pieee oi elietse draws
tats it is really gi'atiiiitii to see
these outsiders happily einottng otti
taeilitit:s 'l‘lte (to-op thrives on

ttili-

tie-.liinaii plll't‘lldrt‘s oi blat-k sweat-
shirts embla/.oitt-tl with pink pett-
i‘llliis l“l'tl.‘ill i'iiii ttlhti lie Vt‘l')’ t‘iitt‘l'-
t.tiiiiii: when relating tietieious ad-
\enttiies \\'lllt'll happened bark
lionit

'liie Hopliomotes put iitiieh effort
llllti t-.t.ii.irassiiti: and humiliating
int iiotli lli oidt r to take away their
in l\lllll.illi\ alitl titake llll'lll llt'li.~l
Ill llll t'tillt'pt' lllt‘

il.t\ini: ‘wtiltl all i l'till iii defense
it the iiesiiiiiaii eta s. i know they
 irt e me tight it is not nec-

 tt: make a tool of ti ti'osii.
h ‘tl do it ltiiiist-ll'

Seafood ﬂit/act,

.\il editorials appearing in
this paper are the opinions of
the itiiiitor anti will be unsigned.
l-fiiltorials written by persons
other than the Editor will be
followed by their initials.

’l'lie NEWS Board and staff
aet'ept no responsibility for the.
editorials and Vich given in
eoliinins. as they express only
the opinions of the writers.

The. NEWS Board
and htiiff.

 

