   
  

  

PAGE 6 STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MARCH 28. 1958

Bru Entertains
SchoolFaculty

The women of nrubacher Hall will
hold an Open House and fun night

D & A Council

Education Sorority Initiates j
Forty-Two New Members '  Sponsors Two
‘<- College Plays

Christine Melillo, Edith 2:;
Annette Palmer. Elizabeth
and Patricia ‘

High School

Teams Meet
For Debates

Corinne Marro and John Yager,
Juniors, were among the 350 dele-
4, gates from ﬁfty-nine colleges and

 

State College

Colu'nbine Baran '58. President, $0133.
announces that the followmg mem- oi , _
hers were initiated into Alpha 1213- Pierce. Anr. Ridley
silon honorary sorority last Tues- Roscoe.

William Gardner ’59. President of
Dramatics and Arts Association, an-

   

for al the m;mbers of t e faulty
and the ditzs cf the r..-sidcnts, an~
nounces Bai‘bar' S impler 5?. Chair-
man of the event. This affair will
trke place this evcniii; at 8 p m.

Z'i‘ogram

’ihe festivities of the owning be-

Cay night at the meeting held in 1959
Brubacher Upper Lounge.

Marlene Ackerman. Janice Ben-

nett, Gisele Boulais, Lillian Cat-
Shil‘ 8y BIOWEI'S- Shirley Et‘l1'9dv torini. Vivian Clowe, Grunna Cohen.
Marjorie Fermglov Ann Jonesv Joan Jane DeCasti-o. Ellen Dosch. Patri—

CabinefOfficia/

cla Fallin. Ellen Fitzpatrick, Mary
Fitzpatrick, Sheila Gerig. Mari yn
Goodrich. Maxine Halpin, and De-
borah Harris.

Also initiated were: Delores Hav-
ens, Anne King. Wilma Kuhl. Jeanne

* zvv tony... .. .. . a“ ma

 

nounces the theatrical presentations
that the Association will sponsor in
the next few weeks.

Footlig‘hters

The Footllghters. the dramatic or-
ganization of Plattsburg State Tea-
chers College. will present a bill of
two one-act plays in Page Hall this
Wednesday at 8:30 pm. Admission
is by student tax card, or $1.00 for

 

c
éﬁﬂﬂ'igar'o

 

 

Z—463

ALBANY. NEW YORK. FRIDAY. APRIL 18. 1958

VOL. XLIII NO. 11

 

universities who attended the three
day conference sponsored by Tau
Kappa Alpha, national forensic so-
ciety. from April 9 to 12 at the
University of Kentucky, Lexington.
In addition to 175 debates, there
were a series of contests in public
speaking and discussion. The dis-
cussion question was “How Can Our
Colleges and Universities Best Meet

tin with an Open House. followed
by (,fil‘d games, dancing, and re~
freshmean will be served at the

Lasher. Natalie Leinoine. Carol Lup- -
inski, Sharon Moore. Elizabeth _
Anne King '59. cabinet MlnlStel' Ffiegl. Delores Russell. Jane Show-

outslde guests. Tickets will go on
sale Monday in Lower Huested.

the Demands of Higher Education?”

t Rules ' ' '
Rele 95 Five State Sororities Hold Formals; as.assisted.sear:

  

‘ 1. “iv ' ,. .' - .‘ 1113 I 1'
same [time Adzcit \Villnbf slVUl “0 l {or special Days, states that the so- erman. Aime Sweet. Barbara/T111610- ,  Williams and Fry groups
ilviie curing it: even .5. ‘ i w - l idar for 1958-59 Will soon Gail Van Slyke. Mnmeme aggon' " i - - - . n P ' P' ' '
Thomas Bell sells a ticket to Patricia Rocco for the Commuter-sf (,Iub ggllcorllallflleted. er, Margaret Wei tzner. and Donna ‘ ‘ ngllé}88tjf:  {3113   u    a   n  Honors
WSShnel': open the evening's performance and I I While at the conference. Miss

, . . . _ . . , it
("'"mmluec ('hmrmu‘ Banquet tomorrow night while two other members of the club wa. Important Rules

i‘flgﬁlggmego?  11:23.: Judging from the number of formals slated for the weekend, Emil Nagengast  Si‘dbgﬂge‘,,,’,if§g§d,ﬁ:§ 
productions are directed by Harvey should see an increase in business. Five State sororities have scheduled dances, jazz Kappa Alpha. George Allen. Byron
Whetstone, Associate Professor of concerts’ beer Partjes and picnics through Sunday. Price. Mel Allen, and Lowell Thomas
Drama at Platfsburg. Kappa Delta E'ebsoinesoflits distgggult‘shedAgliiémmt;
5 The visiting production of the Margaret Neil ’59 is General Chairman of Kappa Delta's formal weekend; Mary U21de gigantiﬁg ostrggr
‘ F'ootlig'hters ls bems SPONSOI‘Ed by Elizabeth Rulffes ’58 is Band Chairman. Tonight a formal will be held at Wolfret’s was guest speaker for the oscaslon.

Dam Comm” La“ yea" the Com“ Roost with Dick Sano’s band from 9 pm. to 1 a.in.; chaperones for the event are Dr. He Spoke 0“ “(19131 56m“ and

Organizations who wish their Gndume student
events to be included on the soc1al Louise Murphy
calendar should fill out a white card F “I”
in the Student Personnel Office. No 3&1_%.mm‘1 K Balsam Miss Anna
social event is officially on thelcal- E1 D-u-nn [3r Mqrgﬂreti Hayes. Dr.

.. ~ y‘ g n - x ' ‘. .. 
iiﬂgc‘luntmtﬁg astnélclget  Jgef_ ILLIIIICC Miller. MissS Muiiel Moigan.
' ‘ 'z am.

flcc. Cards containing the names of and M15” R03 "m
chaperones must be fl ed not later Purpose

The affair is being handled by the their tum.
followingr girls: Lillian Cattorinl and
Carol Lupinski. Refreshments: Car—  1- B 1-
olyn Geode. Card Games; Palma Vi-   a e 
voua, Decorations; a l are Juniors.

 Tomorrow Night In Latham

 

 

 

'I‘rypis, Publicity: Catherine Aldous
and Mary Catherine Pachai; Dance;
Dolores Van Valkenburgli. Invita-
tions; Gilda Scsti, Entertainment;
Barbara Yaiidian '61. Hostess.

This evening is an experiment in
an effort to replace the iorinal fac-
ulty teas given oy most dorms and
Lr..up houses. It is hoped that the

flicutv and women of Brubaclier
will C(10DL51‘uLD in making this event

it LUCCHSS.

Gerald Drug Co.

217 Western Ave. Albany, N. Y.

l’hone 6-3610

   

Michael DJionls '59. President of
Commuters Club. indicates that the
Club will hold its first banquet to—
morrow night at the Circle Inn in
Latham at 6:30 pm.

Committees

The general cliiirman of the ban-
cu 't is Ralph Spai’iswick '59. Work-
ing on tiic ticket committee are
’Ihom is Bell '52) and Ruth Bender
'oO. Chairmen. Chairmen of the
\Vclcoining' Committee iire Carol Se-

Felicia's Beauty Salon

53-A No. Lake Ave.
(Near Washington Ave.)
“JIMMY"—Hair Stylist

Telephone 3-9749

If you answcrod “No” to all questions, you olivi-
ously smon Camels ~ii i'cal cigarette. ()1in ll or
7 “No” unaware mean you licilcr gel on to (‘aincis
lust. Fiwcr than (i “No’s” and it. really dot-sn't
matter what you smoke. Anything’s good enough!

Have a Lea! cigarette- have a Cam

gram '59 and MI’I'GU Baum '61- Ag' than one week before the event is

Alpha Epsilon honorary society
’5 purpose promotion of the

. - . ,- v - a . - has as
es Ilcr ’58 is in chaige 0f entel- scheduled. ActiVit.es may be can ~ J H ' t . u i, “
liiinment Barbara MﬂCDmmld '53 celled by the college if the cards are cause if education. its lllmtllles

will be toastnmster.

(‘ar l’ool

For the banquet the Club is pro-
viding a car pool. In charge of the
car pool are Ruth Bender ’60. and
Jo Aim MLNally and Byron Baum.
freshmen.

Tickets are on sale today in Lower
Draper. The price of a ticket is $2.50.

 

JOE’S BARBER SIIIIP

53 N. Lake Ave..
Near Wuhlngton Ave.
2 BARBEBS
We Aim To Please

not filed on time.

 

and p .Jblems.

NEW SUNDAY

HOURS

7:30 A.M. - 1 RM. 4 RM. - 3 RM

MAYFLOWER

209 CENTRAL IV“)

Test your
personality power

Give your psyche a workout 

—Adler a little I j":

 

 

1. Do you think all coeds should be required to wear the
new “sack” style dresses? (For men only!)

2. Do you think of a “square” only as a term in Geometry? .. Cl [:1
3. Do you go to see foreign films Just for the plot?
4.00 you think the school week is too short?

5. Do you question this statement: “The best tobacco gives
you the best smoke"?

6. Do /Ou Sli as far away as pOSSible ironi the prettiest gal in
class Ill order to concentrate better on your studies?

7. Do you think the study of Home Economics IS all 21 girl
needs for a happy married life?

8. Do you think your professors are too lenient in grading

main papers?

YES NO

. ....... 

v- ~ [3 a

l::ll:l
EIEZI
l:l[:l

 

 

But if you want to crijoy smoking as chcr l)t!lf)l‘(3,
switch to Camels. Nothing clsc lash-s so rich,
smokes so mild. Today more people smoke (Tunnels
than any other cigarette. The best tobacco gives
you the best smoke. 'I‘ry (,‘amcls and you’ll agree!

  

II .I Iii-iiiulilu ‘I‘uliiii‘i'o Company.
“I‘llulull Hulclii. N U.

 

 

 

 

am. .1.

 

cil sponsored the appearance of the
New Paltz production of “She Stoops
to Conquer." and more recently.
The Canadian Players’ “Man and
Superman."

State College Theatre

Frida ' and Saturday. MMay 16. 17
and 18, State College Theatre will
present the comedy by Nikolai
Gogol. "The Marriage." This play
is a Russian farce concerning the
efforts of a matchmaker to find it
husband for a female client. The
choice of suitable mates is varied
and interesting and the play is
ﬁlled with unusual and hilarious
situations.

On Tour

After the presentation of this
production. the play wil be taken
on tour to New Paltz State Teachers'
College May 19. returning the visit
made by New Paltz to Albany State
last year.

Next Year

D&A Council is now discussing
possible groups to be asked to give
their presentations at the college
next year. Any suggestions from the
student body wil be greatly appre—
ciated by the Council.

Senate:

Albany Banks

G ranf Loans

The New York Education Assis-
tance Corporation announces that
loans are available to New York
students who can furnish proof of
financial need and scholastic
ability.

These loans will be made by local
bank;. payable starting three
months after graduation. Maximum
loan amounts are $500 for the
freshman year. $750 for each of the
second and third years and $1000
for each of the fourth and gradu-
ate years.

Applications

Applications must be certified
for attendance by the College and
countersigned by the students‘ par-
ents. On presentation to a bank the
application will be recommended to
the Assistance Corporation. If noti-
fied of approval the student slgiis
an agreement and a promissory
note at the bank. Application
blanks are available in the Student
Personnel Office.

Senate Approves Nominees
For Camp Board Vacancies

By ltl(‘lIi\ltI) KENDALL

(‘ampus t‘oinmission

At the incl-ting of Student Senate
on chiicsuny evening the pic-
limiiiary draft of the ncw Campus
Commission rulc.~; wus rcad and re-
f'cri'cd to .i S])(‘.'lill conimiilcc coin-
posed of Scnufors Waldroii. Caswcll.
and Peacock. 'lhc propnstd regula—
tions contain no radically new pro-
visions and arc designed to en—
able ilic Commission to successfully
perform its duly: kccping flic hiicr
out of thc loun‘u: the crumbs out
of ihc Commons. and tlic cigarciic
butts off the floor, So. mes aims.
iii-xi time you iil‘t' icniptcd to butt
your lucky on the Cominons' floor,
ask yourself 11 you would do that iii
the WT with dutcs and older pcoplc
or und ()1' i'iilll‘bl‘ you would

ll‘ﬁil'Fﬁdciil. Yugcr uppninli-d ltuii
Short in work \\llll ilic Aillllllllsii'ii-
lion on llic pi'opusi-d i'cvisioii of tlic
11) cards in all probability Ilic
pi'cscnl form of the curd Will be

Veterans Discuss
SocietyDisbanding

’l'nc Vctci‘un's Silllt‘ly \vill Iiold ll
lllf‘t’iiil-J, ioilay at 1 pm. in Dru-
pci‘ Lilli. rcporis l’iilrick Culllll, "All.
I’l‘t‘SIfIt‘lll.

'l‘hi- purpo-c of [his inccling is to
decidc ihc \uhdity of continuing the
socicly. ’lhc forms that Wci‘e sent
to all \clcriins have been compiled
llll(l Will be discus-12d at this meet-
ing.

All veterans, whether they Wish in
see the society continued or dis—
banded. are encouraged to attend

replaced by u signcd and rcccipicd
IBM punch card~wlthout pictures
We understand that some of our
co-cds were disturbed by this
change on the grounds that the ID
card with picture is useful in cs-
iublislilng proof of age etc. but is it
the purpose Student Tax to fur-
thci those aims and actions? Of
course it is.
(‘iimp Board

The Scniitc upproi'cd ihc appoint-
ment of three new members to the
Camp Board to fill vacancies ci'c—
ufcd by rcccnt i'cslgiiutions. The
new personnel are Don Colicn. Joc
'I‘uggziri. and lion Orr. ’l‘lic incu—
[ion of lhc (‘iimp Board rulscs niic
qucslion: do we still havc u Col—
lcgc (.‘iunp? Or should \vc say u
(‘ollcgc (‘;iii.p~Sii.c‘! ()r should We
say it $135,000 “Illtl‘ clcphant’.’ "()h
in be m Dippikill now that Spring
is licrc: for what could bc Iovhci'
than Dippikill in ihc Spring?" ()li,
probably most anything. but more
about l)lll])\‘ lziici'. after the bear—
crs l't'tul'li. DONKEY lillS'l‘
AROUND THE QUAD: Myskaniii
hus overdrawn ilicir budch . . .
for punishment. if has bcn sug lesicd
that they be sent to Dlppiklll to
hpr the heavens bliild the dam . . .
Mllt’lll.§-ll[)~l)lly postponed to late
May . . . great uncertainty as in
the program . . . a Senate Wit sug-
gcslcd holding new college clccuons
and announcing results on MUD

. new freshman class Will have
about 3:30 Bluejays Ill full . . . good
to see Joe ’I'iiggurt active again in
student ucthities . . . EXCLUSIVE:
McClain says there will be u meet-
ing of the Junior Class

and Mrs. Moore. Dr. and Mrs.
Kenny, Mr. and Mrs. Littlefield.

Tomorrow the sorority will hold a
picnic at Thatcher Park in the af-
ternon and a beer party at the Fort
Orange Post of the American Le-
Legion at night. June Alexander
and Martha Spadinger. Sophomores
are Chairmen.

The weekend will close with a
Jazz Concert Sunday at 3 pm. fea-
turing Zack Clements.
l’si Gamma

General Chairman of Psi Gain-
ma's formal weekend, Margaret
Carr '58. announces that the soror-
ity plans a Date Party tonight at
McCarthy’s in Watervliet. 8 pm.
Tomorrow at 12:30 am. an alumni
banquet will be held at the sorority
house, followed by a Cocktail Party
at 6 pm. at Jack's Restaurant.

Jerry Walsh and his orchestra
will play at the Dinner-Dance which
begins at 7:15 pm. at Jack‘s. A
picinc Sunday at Thatcher Park will
climax the event.

Chi Sigma Theta

Chi Sigma Theta will celebrate
its fiftieth anniversary with its for-
mal weekend.

The program includes a formal
from 9 pm. to i am. at the Auranizi
Club tonight. a Jazz Concert to-
morrow iificrnon at Yezzi's with
Zack Clements from 3 to 5 pin. a
Cocktail Party at Otto's from 8 pin.
to i u.lli.. and a picnic Sunday at 1
pm.

Connniitccs for the weekend arc
Chairman. Winifred Youngs ’59;
Favors. Roseanne Bencngo '59; Or-
chestra. Cuthcrluc Turtugliu ‘60;
Decorations. Mary Shelton ‘58 and
Lucille Jacobson '61.

Chupcroiics will be Mr. and Mrs.
Russell Bcdford, D1". and Mrs. Ros-
wcll Fiiiibzinks. Mr. and Mrs. Nor-
bert Lurncv. and Mrs. Mac Berry.

Sigma Alpha

Sigma Alphu's formal Weekend,
"Spring Affair," ivill begin with a
dance tomorrow evening at the Sun—
set Inn in Troy. Gciici'al Chairman
is Junc Granger '50.

Cliupci'oncs includc Dr, and Mrs.
H. Winn. Dr and Mr> L‘ulubi'iu.
Mr. and Mrs '1‘. Baycr

(loiiiniiilcc hcuds for the weekend
are Decorations, Sandra Zitko '00;
Programs, Murlcnc l"ci'ncr 'iii).
llniid, Vaiiglindu Shairau ‘58; Itc—
frcshiiicnis, Doiinulcc Anderson '00.
(.‘hapci‘oncs. Shirley Eldrcd 'oii.
l"il\‘(il'S, Mury Moiiivillc 'tii).

Concluding ihc wrckcnd Will be
a picinc at ’l‘hatchcr Park Sunday
at 1 pm.

Sigma Phi Sigma

Cllilil'llll‘ll of Sigma Phi Sigma's
formal \vcekciid are Cecil Blum and
Barbara Kaufman, Sophomores.

The Weekend \vill begin with u
Hayride .ind u Square Dance to-
111.;Ill. ’l‘oinorrow night ii formal
dance v.11] 1;? held at Glu‘s Luke
Hotel from 9 pin. to 1 am.

Sunday a picnic will take place
at Central Park hi Schenectady.

chaperone the dance.

 

Newt «Wealth»:

The STATE COLLEGE NEWS
BOARD elected at their last
meeting three replacements to
News Board. states Mary Fitz-
patrick ‘59, Editor and Chair-
man of the Board.

John Lewis and James Dough-
crty, freshmen, were chosen to
the position of Co-Sports Edi-
tors. Thc new editors‘ duties
will include the following: Sup-
ervision of the activities of the
sports staff, assigning and
checking all material on the
sports page, supervising the
make-up of the sports page, and
writing a sports column.

Lewis asd Doughcrty are re-
placing Robert Kampf, ’59 who
has resigned. Kampf was named
by the Board to the post of
Consultant Sports Editor and
will serve as an advisor to the
Sports Department.

 

labor problems.

111in School Finalists

Next Friday and Saturday, De-
bate Council will be host to the
High School Forensic League Final-
ists. Committee chairmen are: Gen-
eral Chairman. Yager; Registration,
Kay Harris; Judges, Frank Krivo;
Tabulations. James Watson: Recep-
tion. Joanne Sloat and Corinne
Marro.

Participating Schools

The following high schools are
participating: Saugerties, Columbia,
Burnt Hills. Catholic Central in
Troy, Cardinal McCluskey, James—
town. Aquinas, Webster, Frewsburg.
LaSalle Academy. Mt. St. Michael,
Sacred Heart of Mary. iXavier.
Norwich, New Hartford, Utica Cath-
olic. Dominican- Commercial. St.
John's Prep.Brooklyn Prep.

Chaminade. Mary Louis Academy,
St. Patrick's of Newburgh, Hackley.
Osslning. Arlington. Poughkeepsie,
Newburgh Free Academy. Peekskill,
Wallkill. Oakwood. Xavei'lan. Bing-
hamton and Jeffersonvllle. Debates
will be held Friday evening and
Saturday.

Foreign Exchange Students
Present Program, Exhibits

Last ’l‘ucsday evening in Bru-
buchcr Hall. Lower Lounge. the
foreign students presented a pro—
gram entitled Around the World
in Ninety Minutes. Version Raymon
and Hasib ul Hasan Kaliii organ-
izcd and directed the program. Mr.
Ruiiioii formerly from Germany. is
a Graduate student and Mr. Khan.
from Pakistan. is also a Graduate
student.

Exhibits

All the lurclgli students were in‘
troduccd to the audience. Exhibits
were displayed throughout the room
of the various foreign countries. The
reireshmciits consisted of food sam-
ples from France. Germany, lndia,

 

Mexico. Pakistan. Persia. and
Sweden.
Entertainment

The entertainment for the eve-
ning was as follows: Thai Club‘slcul
Dance lMﬂebUl‘l by Sdee Panyarjun
Grad. from Thailand; German
FUlkSOl“. lVUIkSlIf‘CICl'i by Misses
Lilo. Eva and Annelcis Undritz
from Germany. (Miss Eva Undi'itz
is a freshman at State»; Pakistani
Dance by Esther Nirmal Mull Grad-
uaft from Pakistan; Hungarian Scr-
cnadc iAccordioni by Erika Kiss '61
from Hungary; Pakistani School
Ascmbly Song by the foreign stu-
dents of NYSTC; Pakistani Son by
Mr. Hal-lb lll liusun Khan from
Pakistan.

’ The dance tempo isn’t rock—and-roll, but the audience seems to be
Mrs. LaGoy. Houseinothcr. \vill enjoying it immensely. Maybe we’ll see some new lindy versions in the

Student Union.

 

