 

 

~ “savour” .. . .

   

PAGE 6

 

All In The Game:

Look Back
And Remember

By JACK LEWIS

This being the last issue of the NeWs, we would like to review quickly
and sentimentally the events that made the sports headlines in the
recent seasons.

Soccer

November brought the close of a. spirited and hard-played soccer
season by the Peds as we gave our farewells to Paul Dammer, the
season’s high scorer. Carl Maxson, Bob Backer. Wendell Fowler, Warren
Dunham, and Ed Jones, all who contributed untirlngly for four years.
We saw the rise of promising freshmen like Frank Fallace, Bob Warn
and Danny McNeil and the election of Lou Delsignore and Gus Till-
man as new captains. On the intramural scene we saw Potter Club
again lay claim to the football title, to reign as undisputed champs.
Basketball

January brought basketball headlines as the Sauersmen rolled up
a 15-3 record to close the season with the Ryder game in contest for
the NAIA tournament bid, . . . the ﬁrst time State was considered for
the tourney. We will remember the Siena. game where student spirit
was paramount as the Peds trounced the Indians by 19 points to avenge
the previous defeats. Our thanks went out to Dick Causey and Don
Mayer, graduating co-captains and our congratulations to Gary Holway.
newly elected captain, who earned All State honors for his brilliant play.
Wrestling

As we recall. Coach Garcia's grapplers closed up shop with an
admirable 7-3 record as Charlie Kane scored his undefeated season and
freshman Dave Pause turned in a. brilliant record. Best regards went

 

with senior captains Bob Bosomv’orth and Wayne Harvey, mainstays "

of the team for four years whose spots were assumed by Kane and Joe
Hill.

Finally we see Coach Sauers' diamondmen on the way to one of
their most promising campaigns due largely to the talents of freshman
pitcher. Pete Spina. . . . An enjoyable summer to all from both of us!

 

OPEN SUNDAYS

4 RM. - 8 RM.

MAYFLOWER

209 Central Ave. Albany

 

 

Hoop Star
Witnesses Lack
Of Followers

Letter to the Sports Editors:

Watching the State-Siena game

Monday, I noticed an extreme con-
trast of the crowd to the State-
Siena basketball game. This is cer-

tainly an insult to Coach Sauers
and his Peds. The statesmen were

undefeated at the time of the Siena
tilt and you would imagine that the
students would want to get out and

see the game. This school has been

OTL for so long that the students
don't know a good thing when they
have one. By far this year's State
baseball team is the best in its
history and the student support is
nil. 3v
Another thing, since there are so
few issues of the News in the month
of May. the headlines should be de-
voted to the baseball team. The
team's next game, by the way, is this
afternoon at Ridgefield as the
statesmen play host to New Paltz.
Let's have some“ vocal support.
Don Mayer

 

This wch three diamondinen arc
in the Sports Spotlight.

Howie Caldwell, all around base-
ball plavcr. paced the Sauersmen to
an 8-3 victory over Plattsburu. His
home run li‘ the second inning pro-
vidcd a lead that was never re-
liiiquished.

Softball Pitchers Shine

Tw.i pitchers in the Intramural
League turned in very commendable
mound performances. Lou Call
pitched Potter Club to a 17-5 vic-
torv oxcr APA. Lou's fast bkllllllf’,
and curves were tor much for the
Madison Avenue .iaiernity. The
Pogo's Pete Telfer boat SLS 6-0
and took Potter 10-5 to lead the
league in pitching with 4 wins.

_____________...__———

 

,\

May 29.

\

\

 

Orders for Graduation Caps and Gowns must

he placed by May 24. Cash in Advance.

Caps and Gowns and Hats and Canes for

Moving-Up Day must be picked up no later than

(,‘0-01’ WILL BE CLOSED MAY 30 and 31

State College CO-OP

Sport «Sfedﬂr‘g/J ‘

 

 

 

.STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MAY 9. 1958

Pogo'sWinTonoLeadLoop;
EEP And Vets Threaten KB

By BOB KAMPF

Softball League Commissioner, Potter stopped APA, 17-5. Over in
Bob Backer has been singing the the State League. the Kappa Beta
blues this week as the wet Albany squad continued on its winning
weather continues to upset the ways with a 20-16 triumph over the
schedule. The rain has already Rouscrs. Elsewhere in the circuit.
forced the postponement of four EEP topped the Vets, 15—7, while
contests and at the rate the drops two other tilts were thrown to the
are falling, the slate will probatl weather conditions.

iim into exam week. Teachers League Action
l’ogos. Again The Teachers League squads saw

Ten games were played, however. the majority of action this week as

as the weatherman cleared the skys Ridge served notice it is going to be

to let the Pogos chalk up two more. hard to stop. The diaiiiondmcn
6-0 over SLS, and 10-5 over Potter. from Ridge stopped the Jokers. 16-9.
In another Albany League game. and then made it three in a row
with a 7—6 victory over the same
outfit later in the week. The vic-
  e U  tories gave Ridge undisputed pos-
session of first place :is Union
, - , Heights went down to defeat, 21-14.
  at the hands of the Finks. in other
games, the Jokers squeckcd by the
, , Leftovers. 7—6. and then the Left-
EXLCHSIV“, P111115 “1'0 being mm” overs turned a softball game into a
{01' L110 001111118 WAA “’eekendv aptly football finale by busting Union
namcd "Spring Spree." scheduled Hcmms' 38-1.5. ‘
for May 17. The day‘s events cancellations
oi'oinise fun and frolic for all girls The four cancelled gamut Apg,“
attending the Camp Johnson site. SIS, KBanChOS' Vétls_KB' “mi
The numb” 01' “1050 llﬂl'tit'ill‘tltmﬁ Leftovers—Kobras will not be able to
is unlimited. and as an added feav be pulved due to “Imam-“ms ,m
lure, overnight permission can be Lima 1n“. Union H(,i,,mS_K0m.u
"hm-med f0“ '4 Friday “mm Cmnl)‘ contcst has been postponcd to 21
over. Camp Johnson has adequate future dam
facilities for overnimhts, and the Hague Stamlingy
mils aic mum to Join the fun ol ALBANY LEAGIT
W

 

 

 

 

 

ihc camp-ovcr. Sign—up sheets will . ,m
be posted shortly on the WAA "0008 4  n
bulletin board. Watch for posters  it;  ' ' " '  9 9 .,
with further information. Q30“ ' ‘ ' """"" " I f; I.
The softball league reports two  " "  '  " ‘ ' "  0  73,:
new results: BZ over Phi Delta.   ' ' " ' """" " ’ ‘ ' ‘
L'1~{); and Kl) over Partridge by STATE “MOVE
forfeit, KB .. ..  . 4 0
Volleyball gaining momentum at EEP 7-     -- -‘ 2 1 I‘:
the first. night's scores show: VCLS »   -- 1 1 3
132 34, Pnru'idge 19 Apaches . . . . . , , . .. 0 1 3?:
pm Dem. 40, Luke 14 Rourcrs  .. ...... .. 0 J. 4
Partridge  Bru ll 'l‘EAHII-JRS LEAGUE
Kappa Delta 29, Sigma Alpha 19 Ridge 3 0
If you haven‘t as yet signed your Jokers .. 2 2 1L.
volleyball team up, please do it Finks   l 1 1‘:
immediately as there is still :1 Union Hcights. ...............  l 2 :2
chance to complete your round of Leftovers ,. . . 1 2 2
games. Kobras  .. ..     0 l 2

 

 

GET THE JUMP
ON VACATION FUN
...GO GREYHOUND®I

 

 

 

 

 

0 Lowest fares of all public
transportation!
0 Frequent departures! Quick- compare these low: IOW “"859
est time to many cities! smiciisc  13.75‘
, . , Hai'unuc Liin 5.00
O Alr-condltloned comfort; New York (‘ity 4.15
picture-window sightseeing; "MINI" :30
..,
fully equipped restroom; Boston on»?
. . . Montrcail 7.1.)
on all Scenicruiser Serwce"
schedules! ' " "d! ls"  '~
\

IT'S SUCH A COMFORT TO TAKE THE BUS...
AND LEAVE THE DRIVING TO US!

.E. /' Hid/ll“ Io/oi’ No Ulilllul how mmli
\, '
gm. li.ii/i/.ti/i: you /l‘ Loo/I3] Nil/Iii:
'~':.. - .
ﬁn U/i'ylioo/id l .m Iii/u. it .t/i"

GREYHOUND TERMINAL
3le Broadway Phone: 4—6165

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY. MAY 9. 1958

eds Face New Paltz

 

From This Vantage Point:
Tennis Returns After
Ten Year Interim

By JIM DOUGIIERTY

This year through the efforts of Athletic Director
Merlin Hathaway, tennis has returned to this campus after
a ten year lapse. The last season that State competed in
intercollegiate tennis was in 1948. The reason for this

‘ "- lapse is not completely known; however,
the lack of facilities seems to be the main
reason. The opening of the new courts on
Washington Avenue has certainly inﬂu—
enced the decision to revive the sport. With
enough student interest and a couple of
 . winning season State could become a power
HATHAW Y in tennis circles. This year’s team looks
like it might be able to pave the way to a winning streak
for this college. Other Ped teams in basketball, wrestling
and baseball are always up among the leaders and tennis
is to be no exception. The members of the team are work-
ing hard and would sincerely appreciate all the help they
can get from the student body. The best way anyone could
help would be to attend their meets and give them your
support and Show that you really want tennis on this
campus. The squad has plenty of potential and some of
the players have already proved their ability in other
tournaments around the state and in the service.

From The Sports Desk: Intramural softball games
might have to be included in exam schedule if rain doesn’t
subside . . . Pogo’s should walk away with crown unless
something drastic happens . . . Wes Brown did a ﬁne job
of pitching against Siena . . . Dick Lewis is State’s “Babe
Ruth . . . Pete Spina will return to the mound soon. . . .

Ped Netters To Host New PaItz;
Seek Revenge Against Siena Tuesday

This afternoon at 3 pm. tlic pion while in scrvicc. Junior Bob
tiluli' Collcgc tcnnis team will al- Konipi' also has plenty of experi—
n inpi lo l‘f‘llil'll to the win column. cncc with thc i‘iicuuct. Bob played
'l‘hus far lhcy have compiled a 1—] four years in hiuh school and was
rccord \\'llIl ll 9-0 win at New Pally. Suffolk County Doublcs Champion
illfl a 8-1 sclbuck at the hands of in 19:35. He was also a ineinbcr of
tho Six-nu Indians. tlic USL’l‘A Jr. Circuit.

The Uppmlllull will again hc pro— Efl Vcsncskc. Bob Austin, Lou
\idcd lvy ilic mcii from Ncw Poltz. Woln.-r. John Roy~ton and Bill)
’liicsdiiy. ihc Hatiioivaiytiicii scck Austin round out the squad. Vcs-

 
 

 
   

rcvciigc illilillﬁl Siciiii ill Hoiiic. lll‘Skt‘ is u junior and the ollicrs
Seniors Lc-id Aiiiick arc llII fi'cshmcn.

leo';  linucls and Toni Sullivan Aicordiiig to l'tlllll)lf‘ sourccs this
\K‘.il . .illl bc li-adiiig ihc Pcds on tho should be llic only your that Icnnis
l'llll' .. Enqlcs. ll traiisl‘cr from will bc on :1 club basis. chi scason
l’non. has two years of Varsity iiic Staitc ncttcrs will most likcly

i-,\',l'l‘ll'lh(‘. I'I‘Ulll Sullivan plziycd rrccivc varsity status and join ilic
[‘Ill'l‘t' ;.c.irs in high school and was ranks of our cxpaiidiiig iiitci'col—
i‘lccl .Vluriiic Forcc Siiiulcs Cliuin- If‘;,'Ill[.l‘ varsity program.

PAGE 7

In Return Game This Afternoon
ntertain Potsdam And Wiliimantic In Double Header

By DAVE MILLER
Rain again played havoc with the
Albany schedule, forcing postpone-
ment of Wednesday's game with
Potsdam to the unique hour of 10

am. Saturday morning on the

thgeficld YMCA .park. The game
forms the first part of a morning—
nfternoon doubleheader featuring
Williniantic at 2 pin. on the some
field.
New Paltr. Today

The pair of games tomorrow will
mark the seventh and eighth of the
season and will see the Peds gun—
ning for at least their fourth and
fifth wins of the season. Today the
winning squad tnow 3-1 on the
SC‘lS'Jlll plays New Palz on the
Blecker field at 3:30 pm. in a

Photo by Don Blndriiii

SCORES FOR S’l‘A’l‘E. Sliding
across home plate with one
Albany's eight runs, Ken Brett
raises thc dust as the Feds heat
l’lattsburg, 8-3, Friday at Bleecker.

.-
v
..._

 

Gerald Drug Co.

Albany, N. Y.

 

217 Western Ave.

Phone 6-3610

 

 

BUY

for

 

UMMER COVERAGE
Student Medical Insurance

$7.25 - JUNE ’15th to SEI’T. 15th a $7.25
You Do Not Have To Be In School
Coverage Is Good Anywhere!
Send This Ad And Your Name To
ART KAPNER - 75 State St, Albany, N. Y.

 

 

 Spina Backs 8-3 Trouncing Of PIattsburg;
Drop Contest To Siena n Final Inning, 4-0

return of the game at New Paltz when a pair of errors, a single,
where the Sauersmen administered and a walk put Wes Brown in
a 16-2 trouncing behind lefty Pete trouble and ruined a beautifully
Spina. Spina will go either against pitched game. Brown had given up
New Paltz or Potsdam. only four hits but the Peds were

The story of the last week’s handcuffed at the plate by the
action was one of a good showing Siena Jack Weaver, aclassy thrower
at the plate (against Plattsburg) who struck out eight Albanys while
and a taste of their own medicine allowing only two hits over the nine
against Siena. The starting nine inning route.
went all the way to win their H . . ‘
third against Plattsburgh by an 8—3 "‘“er ,bhméb
count, backing the three-hit. fif- commg 1“ {01' Praise In the
tcn strikeout performance of Spina Plattsburg‘h game was Ray Haver,
with eight bingles including a home who hit two for three includlnlr a
l‘.'.ll by Howie Caldwell. before Ion), mm, d L , G d °
dropping a hcartbreaker to Siena, l” l ' an an) “n erman'
44) on Monday, The Indians and who doubled and singled to drive in
Peds had been locked in a scoreless one run and score once himself. The
duel until the bottom of the eighth big man in the RBI department,
‘ -' -- however, was Howie Caldwell. who
drove in three runs, two with his
Lig homerun bat and one by way
of a sacrifice.

It was Connie Schmidt. whose
klcptomaniac tendencies came out
in the form of a prolific demonstra-
tion of base stealing, who stole two
ccnsecutive bases and eventually
'ame home to score the first Albany
run of the game after the Peds had
been spotted by three in the first
inning. He later pulled the same
stunt but died on third.

ALBANY iii) PLAT'I‘SBUEGH (3)
' i ab

 

, ah i r h r
7“” llaver 3 2 2 Robert 4 0 l
Caldwell 4 l 1 Rounds 4 0 1
Brett 4 l l Lavigne 1 0 0
Lewis 3 l 0 McCarty 3 l 0
(jiindcrinun 5 2 1 Sliambo fi 2 1
Schmidt 1 0 1 Hart 5 0 0
Splnii 3 l l Ennis 3 0 0
Devlin 3 l 1 Brennan 2 0 0
Corccllii 2 0 0 Beadslcy l 0 0

w  Rock 2 0 0

Jll ll 8 Luke 3 0 0

 

8333

 

Felicia’s Beauly Shop JOE’S BARBER SHOP

53-A No. Lake Ave. 53 N. Lake Ave.
(Near Washington Ave.) Near Washington Ave.

"JIMMY"—-Hair Stylist 2 BARBERS
Telephone 3-9749 We Aim To Please

Smedley

 

  
    
   
 
 
   
 

 

 
 

ARE YOU SURE
YOU DON‘T NEED A
MAN'S DEODORANT?

 

 

 

 

Mennen Spray Deodorant for Men keeps
on working all day long—working to
prevent odor, working to check perspiration.
For this non-slop protection, gel Mennen!
60C and sLOO

‘ .

Ntl‘nl"

ill}.

 

WIN $25! For each college cartoon situation ‘
submitted and used! Show how Smodloy gets the brushofﬂ
50nd sketch or description and name, address and calico. to
The Mennen Company, c/o “Smodloy”. Morristown, N. .I.

 

 

 

