 

PAGE 2

The Last Blast . . .

Cigarettes are piling up in the ashtray . . . what do
you say to the readers of the State College News in your
last editorial? . . do you review the events that have
occurred at State since you were a freshman in 1954? . . .
or do you write a philosophical critique of your own college
career? . . . You light another cigarette.

Do you get up from your desk in the corner, walk
over to the ﬁle cabinet and pick up past issues of the
paper in hopes of getting an idea for this, your last edi-
torial? . . . or do you still want to write that editorial ask—
ing why the Cabinet legislates and the Senate rubber-
stamps? . . . You light another cigarette.

And then something horrible happens to you! You
realize you’re smoking your last cigarette . . . you’ve put
it off long enough . . . you have to write something, and
it has to be your best. Not only have you smoked all of
your cigarettes, but you’ve also missed a deadline. The
staff drifts out of the News ofﬁce, but before they leave,
you manage to grub three more cigarettes. . . .

You make a decision. Since you have no topic, you
decide to just write anything that comes into your head.
No profound writing . . . just write the thoughts that are
whirling in your head as fast as the smoke is rising from
the cigarette dangling in your mouth. . . .

You're all set to write. You’re interrupted. Dukene
Zervas, another editor on campus, walks in. She reads your
ﬁrst page, and offers this comment . . . “Who knows, it
might be a ﬁtting end to four years at State College."
. . . she might be right . . . don’t say anything . . . probably
the best thing to do.

But you can’t . . . you’ve been bitten by the journalism
bug, and you won‘t quit . . . you get back to your thoughts
again, and ﬁnally you write them . . . but ﬁrst, you light
another cigarette.

THE COLLEGE CAMP: Talk of trying to sell it is
gathering momentum . . . you are inclined to agree with
the would—be-sellers . . . of course, if we could borrow money
and build it up in one fell swoop, it would probably be
a different story . . . basic problem: no interest.

MYSKANIA: People have been poking a little fun at
the body of thirteen lately. Let ’em, Myskies, people always
poke fun at something they don‘t understand. Some of
the very people who are so interested in building up our
traditions are among the jokers. What is a tradition?
It's Minerva, and it’s Myskania . . incidentally, how do
you legislate on tradition?

STUDENT GOVERNMENT: Lately synonymous with
the word Cabinet. Senators, you are the policymakers.
You are elected by SA. The Cabinet is not.

AMIA: Don‘t sweat it. Trouble with AMIA and its
inventory is nothing unusual. Say, this might be tradition.

RESIDENCE COUNCIL RULES: No comment.

STATE UNIVERSITY: A President and a central cam-
pus for our “animal without a head."

MISS NEW YORK STATE: Congratulations now, and
once again when you get to Atlantic City!

THE ADMINISTRATION: A new bottle of Bufferin,
and a better understanding from the student body.

THE STATE COLLEGE NEWS: A telephone, some
new ﬁourescent lights, a bigger staff, free cigarettes, and
an ofﬁce in the WT.

FRATERNITIES, SORORITIES: Something better
than Winterlude, and money.

SENIORS: What a weekend that one is going to be!

You really didn’t say mUch, you know . . . somebody
else could have done better . . . but don’t change it . . . end
it with something sensational . . something you really
want to say more than anything else right now. . . .

. . . Anybody got a cigarette? J.A.S.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916
BY THE CLASS OF 1918

 

Il‘ll'ht Plucc CSPA Second Place A(‘l’
Vol XLIII May I). 19.38 No l~l

Melilbcrs of the NEWS wiuII may be i'cnclicil AIOL-II-l‘. ‘I ‘il':.iI-l\ nnd chni -iIii\
1mm '1 to II pm Ill iirfiflliii, ['th II l‘lioir-s I‘III/jlliIlII'I’. fl lIi‘Jrl Allh 12-7151“), Kumpl
24m?“

The lili'icrgrlldiiuti- lii'erliIH'l ol line New Yolk Hluic College for 'i'lliclit-rs
publmhcd I‘\l'fy futility ol the ('oLII-gc ‘ui'ill’ by the NEWS Board lot the Student
Ab‘llt‘liitlilll

MANY I’l'l‘li'il’l‘ltliflt - < v v A - — - — — I‘Jdiiur»ill-illilel
MAIIII‘J HI‘J'I"I'MI'§II - - - - - r - - - — l'lltccutlve ()u-I'Iditol'
.IOSEI‘II SZAItI‘IK — - e - ' - ~ - - — Executive l‘o-l'lditol'
MAltIll'lh . AI;KI‘ZItM.\N » - - e - - Managing Editor

 

Business Advertising Editor
Business Advertising (.‘ollsultaut
’ - v - Associate. I‘Ldllor

CAROL ALT") -
ANN III'I‘CIICOCK ~
MAIU'I' JI‘JN'I‘OI‘"I'-Nll.hi:~

MAILY ELLEN JOHNSON - - - - - - - - - Associate Editor

JAMI'IH McIIUGII - - - - - ' - ~ ' — Associate Editor
ELIZABETH HI‘I'INCI‘JIt ' v - -* - - - - - - Associate Editor

MONICA 'I‘ItAb'K US

Associate Editor
lolmoulliu— ~ - - ~ « - - - 'H

' Editor

 

AWI'IIIIII I‘LO'I'NIK - - — - - ' ' - - - : Editor
JAMES liOlIOilEIt'l‘Y - - - ‘ - - - - — ilou ports l-Jdliur
IOIIN LEWIS - - » - ‘ - > - A Cou's'ports i-idltor

BOIH'JIL'I' KAMI’I" < - - Consultant Sports I’ditor
GRACE I’JNGIIIJH - - -_V_V;__w- - ’___-____V-_v_r- Circulllion-l‘lxuhango Editor
i'lloro‘dile'nv - — - - - - - v a suit- college Photo Service
All cornlnunumtions should be addressed to the. editor and must be signed. Names
will be withheld on request The H'l‘A'l‘E COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility
lor opinions expressed In Its columns or communications, on such expressions do not.

necessarily reflect its views
“W”

 

 

 

 

 

 

Malice

Janet ﬂood. College Physician,
announces that there are approxi-
mately 170 Juniors who have not
had their physical examinations
this year.

No Junior will be allowed to do
his practice teaching unless he has
had the examination.

Juniors can make an appointment
in the Medical Ofﬁce immediately.
If they fail to do so they must have
an examination from their private
physicians at their own expense.

(GM (ape/14

By Barbagelata & Gebhardt
A look to the left. we turn back fast.
A look to the right. we'd like to blast.
But Rary says no, there's no room
for debate,
50 write on confusing Common

Slate. —Alfred E. Neuman
STRAND

Macabre—~All people with bad
hearts, consumption, diabetes and
tired blood are warned not to see
this movie. This is enough to make
the A‘s beat the B‘s into the blood
stream. In our opinion it is nothing
more than a cheap Hollywood trick.
designed to compete with the late.
late show.

LELAND

The Long Haul—Diana Dors is
back in town with another class
Z sex-opera. “Send this girl to
Dippi—kill". Second flop is Escape
From San Quentin. The escape
scenes for this ﬂick were actually
ﬁlmed in Milne during change of
classes.

PALACE

The Long Hot Summer—You saw
Peyton Place go to hell. well go
South and see a repetition of the
same plot. Starring Academy award
winner Joanne Woodward and Paul
Newman (no relation to Alfred E.i.
Jane Powell and Cliff Robertson
romp through a pacific paradise.
in the second trite technicolor pro-
dution. The Girl Most Likely???‘.".’
TELEVISION

Unannounccd by the Gillette Peo-
ple the Wednesday night light was
staged at Bl'ubachcr Lower Arena.
Be sure to tune. iii next week, the
main attraction may feature your
roommate.

To end this year on a filial note
we would like to add this PS. Girls.
be the ﬁrst ill your block to own ll
real live movie critic.

 

 

Gammum'caféani

 

licir Editor:

Iill‘(IiZl inc for stepping out of
i.ic. bill. I Illl'.'t‘ li I)lI oi' donkey dust
.or p .I'Ilt'liliilll. I would put like to
lI’.lI' II) it stlitmunl mild.- in the
April 1:), lilFi'd issue of the News iii
ic.crciicc to who Ill- most billions
SA, President was. Allci' do»- coli-
sidcriillon. nuiny people lccl that
our current "bchlnd the scenes" re-
porter of the SA, Scillitc Illis curli-
ed more liimc than Chuck Beckwlth.
After serving in government for
More years. "without making [on
molly linsilikcs,” tllc noch Presi-
dcnt tlli‘ll turned to journalism. is
now "Winning lriends and lnllilcoiu
lng people" by the baker's dozen.

Lust year there was :1 Senate.
’lIuit. Senate liiso loci. in Bl'llIJllt'llcl'.
ltl'llni'd llilick, or was it Kendall,
was President ()1in Sclilitors could
speak Quolus \‘i’l'l‘l' established for
i-Lcclloiis. And IIu-n ilicy were cs-
i.ibllslictl liguln Mllybc the 'col-
llllllll‘vl” will clue llic >.IlIIII'IlI body
in «ii just who! Ilt' I1 [lying to soy
liiicry..ody i-Isc >.i\h sonulnlng Ill.
lolnmns nli' lunn'. III' is luinn
Senate is our legislative body
.S .ncilnu-s n is funny Slum-limes
I pllssts lmplrluni bills ()ltcnilvnt's
thcsc llills ilchr llppl'nl Ill our pup—
il' ()IIJ‘iltllllt'h quite ii I)ll. ol news
Ill yer appears in our paper Stole
liun' rcs‘ulls dldn‘l Miss Itt'llbsi‘~
llicl' didn’t, bill Miss New York wtll
ltili, rah. 'lullp Qiiccn i‘illl(lIiIillih',
where are you?

And as The (lpcu Mind receives
118 lines, Si'nntc's llonkcy Ilust
only gets 101. The light lor splice
continues.

Someday l't porters will be report-
cls and not wait. for lich. I don’t
have a column any more, but l have
a byvllne. Senate news has a by—
line too. Why not give Senate news
ii box head column ill which to
(lirry its donkey dust? That way
the Senate news Would look pretty
too! ltobert Kluan '59

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MAY 9. 1958

 

I HOP I

Who cares if nobody likes our paper? We got a ﬁrst place rating:

 

 

  

 .f’ "- gamman-gllai‘ea ‘2 
I: By mentors and (‘Al-‘ARO 4-. 

Familiarity breeds contempt—and cllildrcn. Mark Twain
READING. WRITING. AND A RAFT ()F M[STAKES—LIBRARY
While trying to stand the strange stench of stain and wonderlni
about the screams from the stzlcksthlides of Blackboard Jungle wt
devised this map that is guaranteed to unlock the library's Iri'usuri':
With it, you will be able to discover just how to heist Hliwley.

“Proceed from upper floor down spiral staircase. Surviving this, tukc

one 10-foot window pole and vault across balcony, landing in front oi
new selves. Proceed to desk where there are various and sun-dry librurl~
ans. Wait while a librarian spins circular file. If three “Overdues” ('llllil

up. you hit jackpot and she will try to find desired book. Three yculiv
later, she will return to tell you that ill It is being bound. :2» II I:-

being found. (31 It has been stolen by one of the other librarians. i-l‘
It is being unbound. Or she may not like your sllnlly l'ucc, sonny b!
cause yoll made the 3-l‘lllg sign when she sold “Wllzit‘ll you have?" In

thllt case, she simply will not give you the book. Proceed to State Ed IlIl'

results."
ADS OI" THE WEEK
We‘ve noticed that "Apartment Hunting" seems to be the problem

of the day, so if you choose to ])Iliy hunter or IlIIlILl'USA, here are some

helpful ads. . . . Everything reasonable bet the landlord; ‘.23rd Street
Two funfurnishczl rooms. Adults only! ’l‘wo toms ncur school. all born.-
privileges, with widow! Would you like to have ii young teacher built:
with you for 3 months? Apartment preferred Phone after 6!
IT‘S A LONG, LONG TIME . . .
. From May to Noyembcr. that, is. Isn't It a shame llllli 2i luv.

have to stiller because it rule (Illtlll‘; frolli Hlimmurlibi's Code is liII
lying around It) be unnecessarily llIl(I unjustly used! This code ~ui u.
cuneiform was made long before Shite students wore forced lo becoin
semi—commuters and live in apartments. Therefore, it should‘yc col»
out with curd-playing on Sunday and otlli‘l‘ Blue Laws.

Not only is this an archaic article. it. is a rule completely disobclw
or merely not. known. Of course. most students hiiycn'l, lI>i‘(I‘ll Ill \ml
When compared to off-climpus i'riit weekends, going to :ipul'lliiciit.~
strictly tiime. But still. the former is allowed Let‘s not be more Inn
critical than necessary! l?:\'i‘ll if it girl gol's home-home. technth
:»Il(' still cannot go llito :in apartment. Obylously, the letter ol Ii:
law needs changing, llluyllc cycn the spirit of llli‘ low. It is Ill]|ll'lll'lli‘.l.
rillt't’ every girl Iciivmg :i dorm cannot be followed. and it is 1min
It is too lute now to lock the bzirndoor, but it Is not too IIlIi' in 

that no more horses lil'l‘ ch oil to "Fiililun' stump”. “.15 “MM ,h.

uni chzingc!
l)ll) YOI' EVER REALIZE ’l‘lIA’l‘

. Our very own Drllpcr I’IIIII llolisc. the only squul‘c I‘Ullllltlli mi!
rotundcd. While you‘re mulling over that architectural atrocity. mun
with u.» for u moment over our second leiitul'c pcrlslylcs I)(‘lll'ilIII pH.
styles . llIl(I buried somewhere umld tlicsc subterranean tunnel:-
Slute's' gltissicst tradition friendliness. Now, the ltotnndu nun IIIlliI/l
and the perislylcs may perish. bill wind. of the lust Ilei'l-lololc IIII'!
tinned item? Do we trude iiil'iinllic bai'borlsm loi' Il'liiIIIIllllill l‘l\lIl/l!
coi‘rieslcs'.’ «lint its sombody suld 'I‘licl‘i-‘s ii li()()lt bol'll MI!
minute:

S'I‘ANI) [1' AND (‘lllilldlt—MllilAM'S lllilili.‘

chgcd within this shifty city,

Ncsllcs our nook ol knowlcdu'c

lililici'lo unsung completely,

Now proclliinn-d State College

For one among our multitude

lilis l'czu'Iu-(I ll goiil first rule,

And copped the crown lhut muny'rc wishin loi.

As this yciir‘s .Vllx New York State!

'.' - i ll" - 1‘] I It - Wth it
How do \‘on ll‘niI Illl' l‘\lllll 'ii'lli‘iIllll".)"".’

College Calendar

 

l-‘ltllMY. MAY 9

1:00 pm Junior (,‘luss meeting 1) III.
1"I'l'ﬁlllilnil Class meeting. Page Ilull

Varsity Club meeting
Illiscbiill glnnc, Iilt‘i‘kt‘i‘, Sinh- vs New I’lillz.

It‘ll'ilIS Mulch. Wiisllinglon Aye. Slide \‘s New l’ullc
ll 00 pill Spring Concert, l’llgc llull

SA'l‘l’itllAY. MAY 10

191.00 11.1“ State vs. i’otsdlim, ltldgclield YMCA

1.00 pm. State vs. Willllnuntlc, liidgclicld.

.7110 pill. APA Dinner Dance.

SUNDAY, MAY 11

r.

 pm. Luthcl'lln Student Association Meeting, St. John's Church
). pin Mireilloldlst Student Fellowship Meeting. ’l'rinltv Mcthodlsl

J um: i. I

MONDAY. MAY 12

8:00 pill. Kappa Beta Coffee lloilr l ‘ ‘ ‘ ' '

TUESDAY‘ MAY 13 oi (,lil hlglllu Hutu.

7:30 pm. Senior Class Mcctln' 3' l' ' "

“uh/“I, MAY 16 i,. iluilichtl

1.0!) p.111. Open hearing on the College Camp, Page Hall.

It 30 pm

 

Miriam Sanderson To Represent A

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MAY 9. 1958

New York In Miss America Pageant

Fame at last has come to State
College ill the name of Miriam Dor-
othy Sanderson. Last Saturday night
around midnight Miriam was elect-
ed Miss New York State. outshin-
In; 16 other beauty queens to ell-
chunl the pageant judges.

At School

Mirium is a Junior. majoring ill
English and lninoring ill Speech.
lust November Miriam was one of
the runners-up for Junior Prom
Queen. A member of Beta Zeta sc-
rority, she was also it number of
the Tulip Queen Court last May.

Miss liensseluer

.Vliriiiln. representing chSseliier.
was surprised beyond "her wildest
illumination“ upon winning the
contest. "It's the biggest thrill of
Lily Iilc," she said when last year's
Miss New York Shite, .llinet Corri—
gain. placed the crown on her Il(‘li(I.

According to the judges. it was
(Ililirull l'l select the st:ii"'s idi-lil
girl from the five linull~ts. After
the film] phase of the pugcunt Chill"
petition the judges announced that
there \\'11.\' ll tie nll(I that each girl
would Ir.ch to answer n "surprise"
question

According to Mll‘lnlll. ‘l was cut"
tuinly surprised when :lll.\\\t'l'llll.’, the
question. lor I felt I didn't know
what I was lullzinu about."

’l‘lilented 'l'oo!

In the talent finals of the con-
tcst, Mirium, ii lyric Milll‘llllll, churni-
ed the judges- with her version ill
li‘l'encli 1.1 “Serenade” lroln “The
Student Prince," The pugciint wiis
based on three competitions that
also included swim suit and cycliing
gown finals.

Miriam Extends Thanks!

"I would like to take this oppor-
tunity to thank my friends. class'-
unites, and prohssors who bore ex-
tended their congriitullltions to me
by way of hand cliisps, letters, illlfl
telegrams. ’I’hesc good wishes have
been the nicest reward for winning
the ‘Mlss New York Sililc' title:
I :im deeply grateful."

Albany State llclpetl

Miriam continues. "It may come
as :i surprise to some of you. but I
owe the greatest port of the victory

Ecclesiastics
Plan Meetings

‘I‘lil'cc oi IIli' Ifl'lllllilllh Cllllis on
I impns plan to hold nicelnlgs tin:-
week
Inter-\"ursiiy ('Ilrisiiltll l-‘cllowsiiip

Sondra Klillboni'ni- 'lll. Publicity
Inrccior oi IVCI“. slzilcs linii llu-
Lil'lilll) will inch 'lIiul'sdziy it! I If:
pill Ill Iil‘IIIMl'Ill‘l' I'IIIII, to go to
Noim .nr'l-lll to Illill' Hun-rind Din-
iri. Iiiilzlin tylli‘dIi. Revert-rill Knilnn
is the minister ol the l.oudon\illl-
(‘oil-nnnlly (‘Inll‘cll

l.itln-r.in Student Association

I‘llllt‘l'nll Student Association will
hold it slipper llll‘l'llllti Hundny at -l
pill iii St John's l iithcrlin (‘Iililt-Ii.
(‘nlrzil ."\\'|'Illll'. :lllllillllli" Lois
Alzlic 'iil, I’llIllh'll\ Iln‘cclol‘ Ill‘
Noilnun .Jolilison. Intcrdcnomnnc
lltili.iI (‘Iniplalni .ii IIIIIHII ('lllli'i'i'.
will >.|lc.lI( on All Hoods I.l‘.llI lo
(IiIiI'J‘

Hello-(list Student I‘l‘IIlHl‘vIllll
Mciliodl-I Student li‘ciloxxslnp will
Illi‘i'I .ii 'It'niliy Mcllnullsl ('Illll'i‘Il
t‘IIIilII.l\ III II pill loi' .i Imllci hill)»
])‘l Allil' II.; lullct lln- cronp will
show the movie ‘.Iltllll Wesley"

 

 

(‘ol'iicl' ()N'I'Altli) lill(l BENSON
DIAL 4-1125

FLURIST anti
GREENHOUSE

 

 

 

(‘oilcgc Florist for Years

 

to my training ill courses here at
Albany State. The majority of the
wcnderl’ul girls in the pageant were
llISJ from New York State Univer-
sty Tenehers' Colleges. The various
portions of the contest are a chal-
lcngu as well as enjoyable. Since I
owe so much to the many people
here who have helped lne, I hope
I" at I may do my part ill the fu-
ture to make Albany State one of
the most famous institutions of
iturnlng ill the country.”
Scholarship

Miss New York State says that
slit plans to u-c the $500 scholar-

ship she received i'or obtaining her
Master‘s Degree. Miriam is especi—
ally interested in a career in educa-
tion and possibly speech therapy.

Personal Feelings

“My personal feelings are mix-
ture of excitement and all impend-
ing realization of responsibility. I
hope to be able to live up to the
title which makes me a representa-
tive of the greatest State in Amer-
ica." Septclilber. Miriam leaves for
Atlantic City for "The Miss Amer-
icc" finals. Fest of luck and success
from all of State College!

 

Case

PAGE 3

partmen’r Dweller Reports
Of Weird Landlady

By ALICE MEYER

Apartment dwellers are a hardy
lot. They’ve learned to cope with
cramped quarters, 25c pound ham-
burger, and leaky stoves. But there's
(lie thing the college didn't warn
us about—«the necessity for choosing
your land-lady carefully.

We thought [1 five room apart-
ment with a deaf land-lady would
be ideal. Nothing we did could
bother her. We set up housekeeping.

Now you've taken my keys. Really.
Candy. 'Ihis is too much; this is
too much for me.

Hith‘ you ever been awakened out
(‘1' .i soilich sleep at 2:30 am. by the
two hugest cops in Albany? They
apt logizcd alld all that but at three
ill the morning the last. thing you
want to do is have u kal'l'ce kliitcll

.witli two of Albany's finest. We

didn‘t mind the night sticks- it was
the 45's.

She was almost stone deal. But
she heard things. Not rciil things.
you understand. but things In her
head. She heard wild parties lifter
we'd been asleep for hours. On:-
nighi she woke us up banging on
the stairs ill kill effort to quiet us

i ('own. She thought we had male
1 Loardcls. She accused its of stealing

her cat.
You know he likes to go ollt at

, 3:30 a.ln. sometimes. I didn't think

you‘d want to get up that early.
He‘s got an abscess on his jaw any-
way. Oh, there you are, 'l‘om.

She also heard us singillgwold
Black Joe, Reuben, Reuben and Let
Me Call You Sweethart, to cannibal-
istic accompaniment.

Then she began to talk to her-
self. She'd start out by reading the
paper aloud. singing the articles to
herself. She'd stand at the foot of

 the stairs shouting.

Well. I guess she did get him to
propose. l was never too anxious to
get married. (She's 80.)

But sllc was deaf, really deaf. Like

MIRIAM SANDERSON smiles the smile that helped her win the the Lime She was mlkmg to her
coveted Miss New York State beauty contest.

I’AHAMUUNI I‘I?[SLNTS

           

 Bil GIDDIS IIIII HIIIIOIII HINIIYJUNIS IIIIII‘IIIIIICHCOCK in tIIPI’II i SAMUIIIAYIOII IICHNICOIOR'I

BASIU UIUN Ilii NUVlI IJtNIiii LIS MOIIIS Ill r’lliilll IiUILiAU AM) IIIUMAS NAIICEJAC MUSIC UV IllilNARI) ittRHMANN L

 

JAM STEWART
KIM N

W ALFRE H
MASTERPIEEE

VAK

ITEHEDEK'S

friend, The friend shouted, “That’s

a: little. I

a nice little couch!" And the land-
lady said. “Oh yes. my cat." Hmmm.

Then there was the time she
drained all the hot water from the
tank and screeched up the stairs,
“Dirty contemptible low life!
Skunks! Planning crimes, murder
at midnight! You take those tran-
quiliiers and don‘t think anyone
else wants to rest!" We got hold of
a tape recorder the other day. Un-
fortunately, she hasn’t opened her
trap since. We think her doctor has
given her tranquilizers.

 

 

frare/ ﬂy 7M};
mean: /ow fares
 I70 00/619!

 

COACH PARTY FIIIIES

save each person in your group
of 25 or more 28% of regular
round-hip fare.

Special for Married Students
Use The Fumily Fore Plon—
wives ride one way lice.

 

._....-_..-1

 

 

y s... I 'I,LILI:.
LI  i W
’ ‘JU’. II
WONDERFUL FUN
FOR EVERYONE
Have a "party" while you
itovell Enjoy fine food...
deligliilul refreshments...
happy lolk. Avoid wouly about
traffic congestion, highway
bounds, and weather conditions.
Ask your local ticket or travel

agent NOW about those great
money-saving plum.

EASTERN
RAILROADS

 

