   

 
 

 

. -. m-nwnwvmnmw... inn-«MWWt

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
      
     
     
    
      
    
   
     
    
     
    
      
      
      
    
    
   
   
   
 
  

  

 

 

 

 

 

amnion-stake

By Russell and Fotheringham

 

Convfucious say: “Do not worry about people not knowing you, but
strive so that you may be worth knowin."

BUT . . . BUT

“Oh it’s a long, long time . .  so goes the song. It really has been,
too. A long time since we've had our chance to speak our mind on the
happenings of the last four months. If this column resembles a com-
plaint department— it‘s because it's meant to!

YEA}!!!

Just so that you, the readers. won‘t think we're complete pessimists,
we would like to compliment two things. One is Parents' Weekend and
the Boyfriend. (This we hope will be a permanent tradition—if we dare
to use the term.) And the second is The Marriage. It was an excellent
presentation. We hear New Paltz liked it quite well, too.

BEWARE

Girls! Do you have two friends? If so, you can enter any Fraternity
House—like prim and proper ladies. However. no matter how many
“Friends” you have, you can’t be involved in- what is known as “apart-
ment parties.” Three young ladies, and we use the term as literally as

it can be meant, are taking their punishment for a crime which has '

been committed by nearly every well-adjusted female on campus—1m
cluding grad students. “Red-handed" is the term applied to these
unfortunates—but think how many would be available for dates if every
red-gloved lady at State were to be put on a four month campus????

Take these same ladies, give them jobs, and they are adults in
society perfectly capable of handling themselves properly. Send them
to other men’s colleges, the same. When will they be allowed to act the
same on this campus? And how many parents take the view supported
by this state? Few, we say!

YOURS FOR THE ASKING

Good things are far too often misused. The publications which
State College students have, though few in number, are still ours-ALL
OURS—without faculty advisers. However. if these publications are
going to be an outlet for perverted minds, we'll lose our freedom of ex-
pression for sure.

Get rid of these sick minds before every extra-curricular activity
in the college takes on a faculty advisor. And let's face it! The faculty
doesn't want the job. Mature students can handle it themselves.

For the Primer, we congratulate those of you on the staff who
achieved literary accomplishments. It's too bad your work was clouded
by a collection of cheap ﬁlth not ﬁt for garbage. obtainable at any down-
town barroom.

EVOLUTION”

Change! Change! Change! Of course, you can't have progress with-
out it. In four years State College has changed and grown! The only
thing that hasn‘t changed is school spirit! Isn't it about time students
of this school thought of something else besides themselves and their
own personal glory? MUD is one of the nicest traditions we have, but
the number of people who participate in it is disgusting. We have a
pretty good baseball team this year and yet very few are interested
enough to see them play—the crowds for the intramural games are
bigger! In our opinion the best change that came about this semester
was the new rivalry system. With this system, the classes will enjoy
themselves and the freshman class will come out of it with a more
positive View towards college life. We hope!

A LOOK INTO THE FAR FAR FUTURE

We see a campus stretching from Washington Park to the Quad.
We see about eight fraternities and ten sororities with houses capable
of holding thirty-ﬁve. We see fraternity and college scholarship funds,
more work opportunities. We see a student union building; a ﬁeld house;
a football team; a large airy library, with all shelves open except for
of course reserves, with a file of ﬁnals, and newer publications. We
see an 18 hour semester; all three hour courses, and probably Saturday
classes. We see a student body cooperating in levels above the chore-
boy. We see liberal reforms beyond many persons' belief. Prepare, ye
sinners.

PARTING COMMENTS

First of all we'd like it understood that we like it here. Even with
the corruption Iand stuff! that‘s floating Eli‘UUILCin-WU like it here. We
must—we're coming back. We just hope that thc class of '62 willw-likc
it here.

In many ways wc‘rc ashamixl for some of yourcvon those of you
who say, "We like it here." As for themAu/I‘licy’vc got the whole school
in their haiids”—aiid like it there. And thc 2.5 iiV’i‘i'llHL‘r that we don't
like here. But laminated ID. cards, We do like here! To the studciits’
publications-7"Bcst of luck, all you Charlie Browns."

 

Notice

Elmer C. Matthews, Assistant to
the President, states that the Spring
Examination Schedule will be post-
ed on various bulletin boards
throughout the college as soon as
possible during the coming week.

Richard Bartholomew and Mari-
lyn Leach '58, announce that an
important meeting of those Seniors
who plan to take part in the Torch
Night Skit will be held today at
1 pm. in Draper 210.

Mary Fitzpatrick '59, Editor-in-
Chief of the STATE COLLEGE
NEWS, announces that an issue of
the newspaper will be published for
Moving-Up Day. The issue will be
distributed following the Page Hall
ceremonies.

Dukene Zervias '58, Editor-in-
Chief of Pcdagogue, announces that
the yearbook will be distributed fol-
lowing the MUD ceremonies in Page
Hall.

 

(611.9161 (ca/Jud
By ANNE CARL
Movies are better than ever?

PALACE

From Here To Eternity—This one
copped several oscars a few years
back. Not as good as the book OI
course, but a pretty meaty story.
Full of sex, sand, and soldiers.
Sinatra blows a mean bugle in this
one.

STRAND

Too Much, Too Soon—The charm-
ing expose of a wayward stripper
gone pro. Strictly from the dairy
of a roving blabbermouth. Side to
make Diana Barrymore look like
Lana. Second feature is Chase 3.
(‘rooked Shadow, which oﬁers more
plot and deﬁnitely more clothes.

DELAWARE

Razzia—Frenchie flicker designed
to bare the true facts about drugs,
peddlers. sex, etc—one of the better
foreign ﬁicks of late. If anybody
knows what the title means, let us
know.

LELAND

A double-barrel triple threat is
The Case Against Brooklyn and
Let's Rock, the former daring class
"B" tabloid on crummy cops, the
latter the touching saga of what
happened to the Charleston.

MADISON

The Young Lions are still roaring
in Albany. This one had made the
rounds. but still looks good. For
further convenience, it plays at all
local drive—ins. liitclicctual co-fca-
turc is King Kong, deﬁnitely not
for anybody with a weak heart, bad
digestion, or ii. iiiczitlcss diet.

 

College
Calendar

 

 

 

 
 

STATE COLLEGE N EWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916

  

BY THE CLASS OF 1918

First Place CSPA Sccoiid Plncc ACP

Vol. XLIII May 23, 1958 No. 1:")

Members of the NEWS slut! may ill‘ li'iH'lii‘ii Mo-dnv 'Ilil‘hllilv and Wednesday
from '7 to 11 p in at 213321}, Ext 11 i’honr. i"lil.lliii.i'li'i( 15-41321. Altii: Ll-lliiiii, Kaunpi
2-0870

’l‘hc undergraduate iilzwsjmpi-r oi (in: Ni-w York Htaito College ior 'i'ciii'litrn.
published every Friday of tin.- (.‘oilcgr your in, the NEWS llourd for the Student
Association
MARY FI'I‘ZI'A'I'IUCK » ~ . - r - - - - - Iiililibr-ill-Ullli'l
MAINE DI‘Z'IVI'MEH - ‘ r ' - * - - Executive (.n I‘Id
JOHI‘II’H HZAIU‘JK - - - ' ‘ - - — Executive Lilitor
MAIILI-JNE ACKEIIMAN - ‘ - > - Managing Editor
CAROL ALTIL‘ - - - - - ~ - r liuninrns Advertising l‘iiliior
ANN IIITCIIL‘OCK - - - - « ~ liunim-na Advertising (.‘onnulliinl
MAIIIT JEN'I‘i)I‘"l'-Nll.hliN ~ - - Ansm'iuil- Iniilior
MARY ELLEN JOHNSON - - - 7 ~ - - - - Asuwiuic Editor

      

C

JAMES McIIL‘GII - - - - - - - ‘ - - — Ahhociaie I-ldliur
ELIZABETH SPENCER — - ' - - - - ' - - Associate Editor
MONICA 'I'IIAHKUS - - ' ' ' - v - - - Annooiulc Editor
JOHN QUIRK - - ‘ - - - - > ‘ » l'uiilic ltrluilons Editor
ARTHUR, I'LO'I‘NIK - - v - ' ' - - - - — Feature Editor
[AMI/.5 DOUGHEH'I'Y - - ' ' ' - < » ('irSporth I‘Zditur
JOHN LEWIS - - - - s ' - - ' i'u-Spnrin Editor
ROBERT KAMI‘I’ - ' - s - A - ' ~ ('onsuiiuiil Sports Editor
GRACE ENGELS  ww- » J   __w- W _V_-__ jmm ~ ('irculallon—i‘ixciiungc Editor
PHOTOGRAPHY - - - - - - -- v < State College Photo Service

All communications should be addressed to tho editor and must in: signed. Nuilii‘b
will be withheld on request The STATE COLLEGE NEWH iisalliiics no responsibility
for opinions expressed in its columns or communiciitions, iin such cxprltsaililis do not

necessarily reflect its views.

 

 

Friday, May 23

Bull giniic at HP].

li‘iini Sort-n llridcs ior chcn
lii'iiilli‘l'h.

Saturday. May 34

Bull gainc at l)nninn'y 200 pm

(iillliiilii Kappa Phi lintc Party

lii‘tli Zi'Lii Pii'llii'

I) ii: A High School May 'l‘oui'nu-
illi'lii.

Sunday. May :55

(iiiilllllil Kappa Phi Picnic 1 ()0 pm.

(‘hi Hlulllli ’i‘ln-izi l“ii('lli,ly l’l('iiii' :l

’l‘hursdiiy. Muy :59

(.‘hi Sigma ‘l‘hi-In Scnior liniupn-t

Friday, May lid—Memorial Day

ll;i.~-.l~bnll at ()ncontn 1.00 1).”).

Alpha Pi Alpha Picnic.

l’olii-i' (llub l’li'lili'.

Saturday. May ill—Moviiig--llp-l)ay

Knppu I)i'il.ii l’li'lili: 1:00 pm

Monday, June 2

lilxaniinntions start,

Wednesday, June ll

SI-nioi' Party.

'l‘iiursduy, June 12

Scnior iiunquct.

Friday. June 13

Senior llnll.

Saturday, June Iii

Alumni Day.

’i'orcb Night.

Sunday, June l5—4fomnienccmeni

By SEYMOUR and CAFARO

  

 

  

 

“0 Captain! my Captain! our fearful trip is done,
The ship has weathered every rack, the prize we sought is won.”

COFFIN UP THE CHINGASI

Friends and loafers, 'peers that a proclamation is in order. Alors,
what is a Chingasi? It is something frisky about Myskie? Something
arty for all the smarties? A Penguin's mother? Minerva's lover? Count
the letters, add some vowels, spell it backwards, leave out the i’s, who's
on ﬁrst? New dorm‘s name—next year's Dean, go back four spaces!
So while you maul over the name, remember—old Chingasi'll never die,
only people because passe (What, us passe? Eat your feet!)

HEXAMS BECAUSE

The name of the game is Chercher L'Exam and everybody‘s playing
it. The time has come for all good students to come to—arise, the Ides
of Marks are upon us. With no Reading Week before ﬁnals and no
exemptions. there's no hope for the dope who can't cram an exam. Can't
cope? Try rope! After a night of another game, “Spin the Bottle," with
bagged eyes and fagged sighs, the student finally finds the room and
hears the prof scoff, humming “Catch a Failing Student." Worry? Not
us—a test is merely a review!

INIIERIT TIIE GRIND

To those two brave new souls in this dead world we wish all success
and leave the following: our following; our Classy photos and a tin of
No-Doze; an RN. and a censor; one used raccoon coat; large coffee-
cup disguises for Fri. am; a list of our spies; erasable bond and
erasers; inﬁnitestinal ruts; a weekly pass from class and gas; perspira-
tion, inspiration, and precipitation, and a good two-cent tranquilizer.
Have fun—but a slaughter. son and daughter!

NOT BY BATS ALONE

The cry of the wild goose echoes from Dorm Field as Albany‘s
Amorous Amazons have a ball. Red Jacquettes vs. the Stoppettes. Every
outﬁeld hit a home run, as the bags get loaded and our diamonds in
the rough tear at their facets. We stayed to phrase and heard one
honey scream, “Put me in. Coach, I love to play the ﬁeld!"

GOD‘S LITTLE ACHER

Going twice! Sold for ten dollarsuone Primer. Following in Play-
boy‘s feetsteps, this prime grime of art for Art's sake has been condeirnied
by Legion of Decency, American Legion, and Foreign Legion. Take
equal quantities of porno. add some grapliy, a drop of harm and a pinch
of less. Stir. shovel, and it comes out the same wasted dough. A rose
is a roe still smells. Weary query. Will the Pedagogue be burned, too?

AFTER. THE BALIr—THE CHAIN iA NYCE DEFINITION OF THE
FUTURE)

SOJOURNAL AT STATE

As we come to the end of these perfect 1?) days, lets look back-
ward like the penguin does . . . Four years . . . long time, no C . . . con-
vocation, vocation, vacation, excavation . . . late Peds, early Penguins.
. . . Golly-Golly and Miss Polly (BF) . . . college camp, college scamp
iDKi . . . WAD. quad, ball squad, riot squad, riots . . . Jan.-Jan., Sput-
nik, and Miss NYS . . . Newman, West, ICA, AA, IABLE, LS, .10, the
rest—and TALK!

IT’S BEEN A RIO’I‘, ALICE

All good things must end. they say—~At least that's what we're told.

You can tell we're sage old Seniors—«By our cultivated mold.

Our steps are somewhat Sl()\\'(:l‘—#-AS we skulk from hall to hall.

But watch out for our Pcd-workAAs we march on Senior Ball.

And as for fancy footwoi'kahcrc’s one line we‘ll join with pleasure.

And we‘ll grope our way on stage, gang——'l‘o retrieve that 4-i'l’.
treasure. -

So, goodbye to carefree Collcgc days-With their joyous ups and
downs.

Polish up your pomp and circumstance And don your caps and
gowns!

 

Doodle Space
Compliments

of '58

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY. MAY 23. 1958

Dearie, Do You Remember Wl'i

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
   
   

 

(\9

Fly On '58

By R. ALEXANDER

Biue jays are birds. Birds fly.

The £:nior class are called Blue-
jays, Seniors walk. Blue jays are
blue. Seniors are many colored.
Sonic bluejays lay eggs. Some sen-
li;l'. lay eggs. Blue jays build nests.
Some seniors are built. Baby Blue-
jays are Cillled baby Bluejays. Some

‘Scitiors are callcd babies. Some

Duejays are found in cages. Some
Stinors are found at the (me.

Bit I have not come to bury the
Senior Class, but to praise them
ioriginal quote stolen by Shakes-
peare). The Seniors are t.il.c;i the
Grand Old Seniors (original quote
stolen by some songwriteri. ’1 hey are
aim called Seniors, Big people, and
other original names.

The Seniors are nice. No one ever
realizes how nice Seniors are until
they graduate. They had a nice
banquet every year. They will have
a nice one this year. They had a

nice Junior Prom. They had a nice
Myskania. Yes, they are nice. Every-
one is nice. All seniors are nice. All
Juniors are nice. All Sophmores are
nice. '1 he freshmen are nice. This
i; a pretty damn nice school! Gee
whiz, B.uejays.

I think that Bluejays should do
one last thing before they leave
school. They ought to change their
coins to purple and gold. Purple
and gold are neutral colors. They go
wi h every thing. So onward Purple
and Golujays. Out into the nice
world and make a name for the
birds. But remember at heart you
in"; all for the birds.

I have often heard that I am for
the birds—and this is true. As Chicf
Purple and Goldjay I have tried to
do my best to the Purple and Gold-
jays and Albany State, to help other
people at all times and to obey
the College rules. So fly on, old '58.

 
 
 
   
   
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
     
   
    
  

 
     
     
    
   
  
     
     
   
 
    
 
   
    
    
    
     
    
    
    
     
     
     
     
      
    
    
   
     
   
     
    
    
    
   

