  

 

  
  
  
  
    
   
  
    
    
    

    
   
  
  
   
    
   
     
      
    
    
  

 

 

 

Ham...“ .4. ..

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. SATURDAY. MARCH 15. 1958

PAGE 6

 

3‘»: We! 7/05“ 7%? SW l
I O 0

Not far from the doors of our
"clean, well-lighted” Alma Mater
are areas and dwellings in which
children bear the brunt of a life of
poverty, dirt, and personal insecuri-
ty. Two castles have arisen in these
areas to protect the little people.
The ﬁrst castle is called The Albany
Home for Children; the second is
The Clinton Square Neighborhood
House.

“The Home" provides one group
of children with food, shelter, and

 

 

o».

71w @pen Mimi

 

liy A It'l' I'M l'l‘ N l K

 

.‘bz‘i; 7/10“ easy; ﬂppled

 

 

Soaaaétieri & 4mz‘emdie4 . . .

New York State College for lect those people whorn they would
Teachers at Albany has eight sor- like tolhare as prospective members
orities and four fraternities, We are of their group.‘ The imitations to
proud to be able to say that racral join are called ‘bids and are issued
and religious discrimination does through Student Mail. If a student
not exist within these organinza— Wishes to accept a bid from one of
tions. Any regularly enr'olledlstu- the organizational he or she indi-
dent is eligible for membership In cates his” or her intentions aiid is
one of these groups providing that fpledged. This period of pledgeship
he fulﬁll certain requirements. is liiliiiily for the purpose of havmg

A Student lllllsl llltellll Stale CO}- the individual learn more about the
lcge for at least one semester before (litiilnizutloli. the obllfs’ﬂt’wns incur-
he or she is eligible fora bid to one 10dt 118 beneﬁts, e‘ttl' l‘he pledge
or more of the groups on campus. llfllofl Ill-stub willllllfihlmdml' 6:8
During the first semester the stu- \iecks. Its (illliiinatioir ls'the ninth
dent is given the opportunity to get (“faded It'll} Hell nght. All lli‘.
to know the members of the various Wilt}le LCILanHy formally inducts
social organizations through formal “10 lilCClHCS mld Hick l{0001110 full-
parties, get-togethers at the house, “WEN "It‘mbclsl Before a young
iirforlnal affairs, and the like. This Wmillui clln be‘ initiated .she must.
is the period which is termed “rush— “Hell! it 30‘ to» averagc,‘ there is
ing." The sorority rushing period “0 éltﬂdctnlt requirement for men.
was reduced this past year to eight Many of the students ln‘thc col-
chks; tlic fraternities have a “‘49 ‘1"? “Qt lucmbf‘l'f of Greek 0‘].
slightly longer period in which to hillilliitlolis. I These Independents
"rushf‘ but it bcg‘liis at. a later tillll; flg'fl‘) I4'11l'l'tftltillittt.‘ly known as

' I I l. . .i ,

undif'nfu'l ilflvttilllll‘tLl ul‘lll‘tlll 1734131:— 'l'hc financial obligations of the
 ‘ sororities vary somewhat. ’l'hc ar-
Hrll‘hc sororities and fraternities se- (fl‘ll'nt‘ initiation fee is any where
“'“m 35 1“ $10.00. Once you are
initiated you are responsible for

 

 

recreational facilities. The Neigh-
borhood House offers its refugees
Within the castles' walls, smalfl
staffs work to fulﬁll the needs -.)
big for them to handle. Volunteer
workers are a physical and ﬁnan-
The Smiles organization at State
has tried to fulﬁll this need by
big out" may mean actllig  Santa
at a party, tutoring an eight year
Brownies, teaching a craft group, or
painting a, room with the teenagers
. ‘ . f l I
In 1915, Professor Richmond CortlandMChaiiman. of are a few of the ales-ls m ‘whlcll
the English Department, organized a class in dramatics, Smlles members lmlllcllmle as m-
' ' v ~ “ i r rid Easter
in the country to offer academic credit for theater work. Halégzelegl £32233]; 3f children
The next year, George Pierce Baker came on campus ‘to Smlles movldeﬁ everythlng from
‘ I ' V' en ears v Fortune—e ers o .
teach a course in playwriting T y later a course lll l toys
‘ ' "l ' ' ‘ ¢ ‘ ex anding. There
the present time, students may also take a course in Stage-  Igvtg‘ltillelzrgqiingpneed for vol_
craft, thus getting a full view of play pr'oduction.nor‘ they
may take nHigh School and Community Theater if they would Elladly ‘lell of lllS pleasallt
want less intensive training. The number of faculty mem— associations wan the little peop e,
- . tl ls the house around
well organized State College Theater now presents two 01  "'
three plays a year; these are faculty-directed and student-
of students and faculty advisers, selects the plays and
takes care of the publicrty.

' ' ' ' ears the four classes In order to help each Freshmen
dltlon Of State COIlege.’ F01 man‘)‘,  , "’ h which to become a part of State College,
each contributed a skit to the. Big .Four s owl
marked the end of inter-class Rivalry in the spring. Now learning about our College and ils
Rivalry ends in the fall, and just the freshman and Sopho- lmdlllons and cusloms' lelw ls

" ' ' ' '- i school year. I
—on Campus Night in November. Movrng Up Day sk ts, In the pm, Rivalry has consisted
vided original entertainment for many years. Then, ln solllmll football, lsocw. lOl. glrls,

1957 a big chance occurred—the Broadway show, Plain and basketball, A mock debam a

l
' i ' Rivalry up to the ﬁnal day of events,
plan of a Bijplaid’ill‘lﬁy thovl/ .(acllapted somewhat.) continues Campus Day. A “WWW rum

this ear wr e oy rien . t O n ' l

           pus  are cllmaxed wnh
proof of education is in the application. In no area of the crowping of the Campus Queen
. - , , cup to the class which has won the

students enrolled in drama courses. But in every area, mosllwmls awarded to ll“, wlnncm
' ' *‘ ' V ' ' " " ' ‘ ‘t of the Because of the increased enroll-

sons With theatm tlammg (“any the maJOl pal ment winch has made it harder to

tive dramatics teachers? See you at The Boyfriend! lemma M u“ llxlwdcd mm M

time, a committee was recently or-
program. 4
The length of the competition and
it are being diseiillsed and a new
program will be instituted next year.
stated others less manifest, but all
agree it does lessen the F‘rosh’s
at State and makes the big jump
Okay Parents, the garlic is up forget. And as l myself think back lmm ngll Sclwul m Colluml ll” ll“
“ ‘ ' ‘ ' ' - “ lint
.' v r f : ‘llt ugh. Now lcts go .iiitudl. toward moniy . . W
SI.“.ullal‘kullillhlfl"tlitlb dough .c'inon was the last bet'.” I used to say.
' ' 'I'“ ' ' -'  hrow in

l l: ‘ bill stoi klsbllil that s\.i.i, and i would (.lgfily-L V
 illiodbye! llon't you know my twenty to the middle of the side-
' I .b I k 
‘ ii,- (ll, get rid of that filthy stuff! ml. to sli. that l‘lllol’l‘ you lillls‘
(Bali‘icalthy! Just hand over that have. " Wll. KNluW illls. VAl.tJli.
-l -2’il, du'ustliigly l.',ll'l'ii stuff today, you tl((lltll(. parints thin
 y|(l)|lll('\l(l(l. wt- ‘~,liltil‘lli.s know what the dough is something you put in
tint! The trouble with Par— in poverty. Just keep it lll),y('.lllli,
:llt‘suyoulcivc llll'lll an nhii, they and before you know it you ll be
' ' --- ' ~ -' -- . ly that,

" it the {chilly no this animal youi luails bet on Not on_

:(illl'd better stop holding on to thos- but you'll have to start doing odd
. l .  , kids are tired of supporting you;

m d hubw‘ly Wink or maybe a good old—fashioned

mmk we “(my “mums 1W“ "1,1' ’l‘hls' l’ill‘f‘llt problem is becoming

MW? H W” mmk mm' 3”” "I" a serious thing Just look iii any

is, Love is (iXlM'llSll'lfl Support the TV scrum, l” any rowdy mwnug

call-“Sc! alley. and what do you find-~- kids?

.ll. tell on were kids or at lug. hoopillg, andvco'nfused parents.

led;  knoyw how you THINK it Well, iiuiybe it isnt too bad. it

lunches, sports, crafts. and clubs.
their children. but the job is too
cial necessity.
sending its members to help. "Help-
0 old in reading, leanding a group of
 . . . or their canteen. These activities
this act made Albany State one of the ﬁrst three colleges dividuals. As a group, they sponsor
par
in Advanced Dramatics was added to the curriculum. At The castles, their occupants and
unteer help. Airy Smiles member
bers involved in drama has grown from one to four. A He would be proud to have recog-
executed. Dramatics and Arts Council, which is composed
All-student productions are also a long-standing tra-
to meeting their classmates, to
more classes present skits—in competition with each other car-lieu on in the ﬁrst months or the
Torch Night skits, and State College Revues have pro— or several spom events namelyl
and Fancy, was presented as the State College Revue. The sing and cheering competition bring
ﬁlled Pushball game and the Caril-
theater work at State College is participation limited to and the “\Vm'dm‘l‘ 0f the Rivalry
both in faculty-student and all-student productions, per- of me various mull.le
responsibility. How well is State College training pr'ospec- keep u mg” group of students m_
gaiiized to revise the entire Rivalry
the various events that will comprise
Rivalry has many purposes, some
loneliness during their first Weeks
You'Ve been holding out on your oil- on my old age, I recall so well liiy mm“, mm
niet's have it! Never mind fondling "’l‘chty bricks," would he the an—
libout all the germs on money? walk, saying, “Its worth thnty to
dirty. wrinkled, disease-ridden, l'tilil— ()l" MliNl'lY [N 'l‘llOSl‘.‘ DAYS! lint
to do Willi iiiouey, don’t you worry the cedar closet. to keep the moths
take a mile. l.cl':. go Pops, it you unable to attend that prom you had
dollars as if they were crash bars iobs around the. house. We good
MW. “11‘ A'l(1"’u’m' vim“ (‘0 w” llckin' would put you in your places,
“Dmluu’ly “("W‘L' W" m“ "WW" wild movie—house, in front of any
NW,- wo'rc well aware of how it No. PAliEN’l‘Sf Many many holler-
were old once, too, don't keeps 'em oil the streets.

Wiib' W‘-5

  

 

other fccs which range from $25 to

n dues.

’l'lic initiation fee for the fraterni—
other financial costs are dues and
house tax which vary from $15 to
$25.00.

The following is a list of the sor—
oi'ities arid fraternities on campus
with their addresses.
lleta Zeta, 289 State. Street,

Chi Sigma 'l‘hcta, 354 Western Air.
‘ (lamina Kappa Pill, 410 lludsmi Avc.
Kappa Delta, Iliiii Western Ave
Pill Delta, “.378 Western Ave.

Psi (lamina, llll South Lake Ave.
Sigm'i Phi Sigma, Mt) Washington

Ave.

Kappa Beta, 577 Washington AVc.
Edward Eldred Potter Club, 415 State
Alpha l’i Alpha, 765 Madison Ave.

Sigma Lambda Sigma, 155 South

Lake Ave.

Sigma Alpiiii, a newly reorganized
sorority, does not have ii house at
the present time, biit they expect
to acquire one by the fall semester.

   

 

 

. . 7 $47.0!) per year. ’I‘iicse. fees include
74048 60‘?“  gem/L o . c . such llcms as a social tax, house fax,

 

 

 

  

LIBRARY

arms 0 GE
" ALIAI Y'

ege

TEACHERS

BZ, PhiDel’r,Gamma Kap
Plan Spring Weekend

This weekend the ﬁrst sorority dates will take place at the Corine
formals of the year will be held by Hotel, 715 Broadway, from 9 pm. to
three of state's sororities. Gamma 1am.

Kappa Phi, Beta Zetﬂv and P111139}- A jazz concert will culminate the
ta. are the groups participating m weekend activities at the Beta Zeta
“115 annual Wem- house Sunday from 3 to 5 pin. Mu—
sic will be :rovfded b local musi-
Gamma Kappa PM clans undel- the harden of Zack

Chairman-Vice President Beverly Clements.

Petcoﬂr '58 announces the plans for
Gamma Kappa Phi's weekend.

A date party tonight will begin
the weekend. It will be held at the
Fort Orange Club from 8 to 12 pm.

Phi Delta

Phi Delta will also have its for-
mal tomorrow night, announces Pa-
tricia Gearing ‘58, President. Carole 2—463
Altic '59. is general chairman.

   

 

ALBANY. NEW YORK. FRIDAY. MARCH 21. 1958 VOL. XLIII. NO. 9
Zack Clements and Sky Larks

From 2 until 5 pin. tomorrow, 21. Party at “we Bavaria

jazz concert will be held at the , . . '
house. Zack Clements will provide .I‘Omght “l0”? “"11 be a party,“ 
the entertainment, Little BaVﬂl'lﬂ 111 Albany. It begins 6  a 
The formal itself will be at the at 7-30 D-m-
Circle Inn tomorrow night from 9 .
pm. until i am. The members and Jazz ("omen .
their guests will dance to the music Tomorrow fl'Om 2 t0 4 P-m- 133483 0   I y  
of the Sky Larks. Jam Baird will hold a concert at
Chaperones for the dance will be: “10 1101150.
Ill/gs. grace TS pyelfllllllsegloplem The weekend “,lll end wllll llle H 1Yesltei‘tcili.ty at 8 am. thirteen students and ﬁve faculty advisers climbed aboard
ss oyann am 0 ie usrness formal dance, The location for this he 50 ion 3 a ion wa 'ons and 'ourne ed to New York Cit for the thirt -third an-
gggglténenlllth/rflupnglés‘g lfntlhgeclinsstLgke Hoteld'l‘heudance nual spring conf‘ei‘encg of the Elasternystates Association ell Professional Schools for
i r . i n. z ' 3]] 'd ).lll. an Wl C(ll- H . ' . . . - ‘ - ‘
Burroughs dude all 1 alml The Slam C’ol_ teachers. The followrng are representing State at the conference: Edward P. Ad-
gundav Momm Bream” leg'iates will provide the music, and kins, Director'of Education; MOl‘l‘lS Berger, Associate Professor of Education; Elizabeth
- - E l h . Dr. Ralph Kenney, Professor of Ed- M. Glass, Assrstant Professor of Education; Harold Roiirer Howes Jr. Assistant Pro-
The weekend Will be cllinaxcd ucatron, lmd Mrs. Kennpy will be f . f Ed t- . . . . .. ..  r . ' . '. -
With H breakfast Sunday momma at the chapmlonesl essor o . uca lion, Mrs. Totsky, Secretary to Berger, Patrrcra Corcoran, Columbine Ba—
llle house. * l ' ran, Presrdent of‘Alpha Epsilon; Mary Crawford, President of Education Club; Gerald
Beta Zeta (in sigma Theta Durkln; Jack Klehle, President of Kappa Phi Kappa, Seniors; Marlene Ackei'man,
The Beta Zeta Formal will be held mng331:2:leEliut'sthforinaik ori- Sheila Gehrig, Mary Hastings, Patrlcra Ire auzl. Richard Esner, Bruce Norton, Sam
tonight from 9 D-m. to i am. at the gag bicell poslpfmegiumﬁ ﬁne}? bamuelson. and Irma Tognola. Juniors.
' The sponsorship of sending delegates to this conference was a project of the Jun—

.t-‘éﬁiilii‘.g0it:blft.?§‘&’isili§‘t§‘lﬁit  State's other ﬁve  . . . . . . . . .
Pmldent and Clmlmmn of me Will all hold their formals. lot Class. A panel discuSSlon by the students partlcrpatrng in the conference Will
weekend. be presented in the near future.
The purpose of the Association is to improve the serv—
ices of teacher education institutions. This general aim is

Zack Clements Provides Music   'SC   
Zack Clements and his band will
to be promoted in the organization and in the individual

provide the music for the dance. The
member colleges through the cooperative participation

cha )erones include Mr. and Mrs. F d R I ‘ P d
Boel'rier, Beta Zeta housepareiits:       a, . . . . .
Dr. Frank Calabria. Professor of “V RICHARD KENDA“ of students and faculty in the formulation of arms, poli-
- ‘ eles, and practices.
Tire Student Senate, at a special merit" of editorials is tantamount to

Psychology, and Mrs. Calabria; Pro—
fessor of Art at Milne Mr. Edward . .

. ' . . The or o of he (1 ‘ '
CF0W1eyl and Wife. MIS. Edwald meeting last Thursday. retreated censorship. “General content" was ac u int pn,ep Sid 1 t] Stu erg: ,Cctmteci-enge ls t0,pltor30t:
CI‘9WIGY: Ml‘i Mid MI‘S. DOWaal'd. from the responsibility of represent- left in, although it includes edi- q a a L a . Lon .mon .un as an lng. ampng S  en
PSI Gambia llOUSebﬂI‘entS; lMl'S- ative governrnent'by abdicatlng its torials. and the Senate sustained it. {$1.0qu .35 a baSlS for Intelligent Cooperauon In all Intel"
Grace Smith. MIS. Agnes TU“. “Nd exc uswe prerogative of debate and Consistency, thy name is not Wat- institutional endeavors for the enrichment of their com-

Mrs.GladsR'ind. 1, -'r; ~ -  r :_‘  w. -- ' -~ - . v -
y ( ll)[)lOVlljlrl% i lllli. \t’lilchlfoixns' Sen son, not is lt Salute. The resolution, mon llle as prospectlve teachers m publlc schools.
Dale puny and m.” Concert a e do i .e to all liltEIcStL‘d per. which is politically correct and sub— , . _ V l I .
Tomorrow nlight a pally ml. the sons, whether Senators or not. Seii— stantiveiy wrong, was passed by a “10 contmenCe began .VeSt’elday at 9 a-m and Wm
ules Committee, led the rush to again. No comment necessary. .‘ .. .. .
retrogression by arguing that all DONKEY DUST AROUND THE “leak?” llmCheonfg' gumw. tours
students were entitled to speak by QUAD: MYSkanie. considered not ac- ' L0 V"“"‘?”“" Slgm'segmg Spot's 1" New
  "rights" —— a vague and undefined cepting a new melil'Jei' if a certain    York City. entertainment, discussion
t
S I to T 1- arrund but never quite caught. 8011- new Campus Commission rule for- “101116103thehpIpnffrence wtll fcenterf'
ator Lenioine argued that only the bids kissing isle) in Collcgc build- R f f R arounc ie “ SSle Ag'e-” A ew o
e    Senators are elected to debate and logs . . .odoes this apply to all  a  u  Eh? .mlxcs 0f the mamsl)e€Ches are:
. vote. and tOWIi-mvt‘lint’; government sexes? . . . total of nine Senators Residence Council reminds all C‘ludmg Youm 1“ the Em 0f the
 a voice in the wilderness: Lemoinc—— there were 29 Senators present . . , _ m _ ' ASCE‘ntOf Man," and Education for
one, Sinatc ~f.liree million. The ayes some comment on apparent block HIM”) hmm‘s or the following lule’ Pam" 1” “‘9 Age Of Space-H
smut College men will have an have it, and they are stuck with it, voting . . . not necessarily so; 0011- All)’ smilll 01' organization dL‘Sil'illé’,
Sl.l.vll.o Clllllllll. Qualiﬁcation Test Senate wheel move only in reverse, shun—clearance legislation to lncet functions must consult the Deaii of $l‘3llé’l’l‘ll‘3fl3flhfl’l{‘lgiflxﬁgflto??? 
lrl-lday, May 1, Lt, (renal-ll] Lewis B, Consider the action taken wedlics- the ci'is.s of the Commons and the Wt men at least two days before the Mgclm.“ Scllll’llll Helllll,hlllj§ll1,l,l l m.
Hershey. National Director of Selec- day night on Fender's resolution to Cafeteria . . . but to Lllilll‘,‘ students cvcnt, K1...) UJ wllll' Lll.lvrllE .9.“ thllclvlm,
lllvc Sorvh-C‘ has pmlglusigou that investigate the State (‘o'leg'e NeWs: it is ,ust like home . . . our State ’1 I L m" 01 mg
tyllc l957_5ll Helllllll yl.ar, (illite‘f‘orward. Senator 'li'owier, wilt— ant should have at least a 2.5 avrr- If permission is granted, the Se"- {l'lll:)ll;:lléilj'l   
id slightly by the "vlolellt'v' reac- age I rantius ptiltlcilills‘ must, rctary of Residence Council will no- "lull, lm ,l.(l\,‘(,lm,nl or" Pl.0l‘e.sl0n.l
Applications _ tion to his proposed investigation, and besrdes, who loves a dumb chick tify the presidt—‘iits of the various l;-‘(l.(',.lllmll' Course" M l~ﬁ, Ll? ‘lf
Applications for the exam lll't‘ revised it to hate it sent to the , . . a rooster. maybe? . . . oilr en- ri'oup houses early enough to en- ‘ ‘ a" U“ m m“ 0

members cl Bela Zeta and lllell. gtor Levin, as Chairman of the vote of 17 to 11. The ayes have it continue through tomorrow noon. There will be guest
erm which was adroitly tossed iteral‘y urchin had been elected ., groups and receptions. The main
died with the old Constitution. Alas! spoke on the Fowler resolution . . , “,Olllen sllldellls llvlng lll dorms Ol. Gum“ MlSSHG-H SCien‘Ce 311d the
opportunity to take the selective Lest you think the cogs in the ato obtained . , . Senate may pass :in txtemion of hours for one of its Them m“ be same!” Discussmn
this will be the only test offered for the cogs move sideways, bilt not Univlrslty Campus Queen contest- If Permission ls Granted we“ “'1‘” PUDUS 0f Dmt‘l't‘m 132le-
available in the Student Personnel News Board, ins-trad of the Cabinet, try will be sent in person to the able them to make the announce- C0110“; courses for m‘lldjusmwm w

v r1 . , . l . , .‘ . l l 1 , . , , _ _
Office. lhey must be postural kid and urged its adoption by the Sen— Lanipus Quccli contest . . _ on ques- ment fit their houses. If there is no ltlfltllimq‘llflgﬁ ‘11,}? ,Sgldmfnﬁ-Ovenll
not later than iilldnis’bt. Fl‘ldlll'. ate "for the record." Senator Wat- tion of when. Yiiger suggested the armouncemcnt of extra hours from ‘ ‘ A“ ‘l 00pm“ um n

- r w , ,' i . ' ' .i ' . n - - - Q ' V I V ‘ ~‘
April if. [he test will bt. admm— son moved to include editorials mid Queen "be asscml led next fall . , . Residence Council. students miist “Uhmg 5mm] Pmblum'
istei'eti by Science Research Asso- general content" as subjccts for i'e- hitcrcsfin :, but how and by whom? act under the assumption that per—
ciates, 1110., of Chicago. new, but wtthdrew "editorials" ll‘tth‘-\\'l'l["l'r‘. also need the mission has not been granted for
the function.

when it was shown that ":idvisc- facts, cspocially L's-Senators.

Deferments

Either the score made on the test
or class standing may be used by
local boards as guides in consider-
lng applications for student deft-r—
merits from military service to coli—
thine their studies. ’l‘houslinds of
students have been deferred since 
the tcstin; program was begun in
19:31.

Syrian Group
Elects Officers

An organizational meeting of the
l-‘as‘tcrn Orthodox University Club
w is he’d in Troy. March ll. 1958. A
cuistitutlon was accepted which
l‘l'li\'l(ll'(l for a prozram of religious.
intelinctiiai. educational, lil'ui social
:u-tiiitics. ()llll‘l'l'$ were (lo-ted af—
t r which refreshments were served
by the Et. Nicholis Ukranian Ortho—
dos [rogue who acted as hosts for
the evening.

 
 
 
 

'l‘ests

Because fewer liicii are applying
to take the test only one will be a l
given this year instead of the usual  . .r " '
two regular aiid one make—up tests. '
The draft chief points out that.
many students are able to complete
indcrgradiuite schooling before
reaching the age for induction. At
present draft calls are for men over
the age of 22. Also many college
men are not liable for induction be~
cause they are in ROTC or are
veterans.

lllembersliip

’1er Club has mcmbcrs from all
the area colleges including Albany
State ’I‘eacl ers College, RPI, Union,
Sierra, Albany Law, and Albany
Medical Center.

The next nici ting will be held
Tuesday at 7:30 pm. at St. George's

‘5‘;9r.””.. l l .l-l .v  .l .. . l‘yrian Orthodox Coiilliiunity Cen-
ri.ntia his til urgcs titty stu— tcr. Dove and Zimmerman Streets.

dent to take the test ll he believes \ Albany.

that the test SCUl‘l' wrll aid the

local board in determining ills sta-
tus. Such information is important
to his local draft board.

For more information concerning
the ebb contact Normandie Pishko
’58 or Rosemarie Abraham ’59.

Senator (‘liarles Fowler reads his resolution eelicernlng the STATE (‘OLLEGE NEWS at the Senate
meeting \t’mlnesday night.

   

 

