 

Bowl For Health

RICE

UPTOWN ALLEYS

12 A.M.F. Automatics

Tel. 3-9222 214 Western Ave.

 

 

    

"v'vv v

 

Phone 5-9447 Cold Beverages 1
The Best Quality GROCERIES

CANALI'S
GROCERIES

SANDWICHES TO GO

1'78 Ontario St.

Cor. Washington Ave.

Albany, N. Y.

 

JAKE'S
FOOD MARKET

Hudson Ave. & Ontario St.

Phone 4—5214 Established 1879

BUCKLEY
BROTHERS

QUALITY MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS

and ACCESSORIES

22 Central Ave. Albany 6, N. Y.

 

 

Compliments of

CAMPUS
LUNCHEONETTE

856 Madison Ave.

 

CAPITOL
PRESS

 

Cleaners & Dyers

160 Spring St.
ALBANY

We Cater to State College Students

All Minor Repairs Free

115 Beaver St,

Albany, N. Y.

Where is the “little

tavern across the mall?”

ASK FRANK !

 

GERALD’S
DRUGS

‘--AA-AA--AA- --- --

5......» main W‘WFW"? : , ﬂfﬁ..’wﬁﬁixasfﬁs‘f wme assimilate it?» “am i? ..

State College New

 

ALBANY. NEW YORK. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 28. 1958

ussell To Act As Editor-ln-Cliiel OF 1959 Pedagogue;
Eight To Serve As Members Ol Year Book Stat

The current vogue of changing traditions as reached the Pedagogue, the State Col-
lege yearbook. January to January appointment of members to the staff is in the ofﬁng
indicates Dukene Zervas ‘58, Editor-in-Chief.

SUNY Marks Anniversary;
Students To Choose Queen

This year the State University of
New York is celebrating the tenth
aiuiiversary of its founding. Since
its establishment in 1948 it has been
growing steadily with an enrollment
that increases with each passing
year. Last November an amendment
sponsoring loans for developing and
improving the facilities of the State
University was passed by voters in
New York State who recognized the
necessity of such a measure. Part
of the two himdred and fifty mil-
lion dollar bond issue will be used
in expanding the facilities of Albany
State. Construction of buildings on

IFG Sponsors
Two Movies

Beverly Rahn ‘59. President of
the International Film Group. an-
nounces “Where‘s Charley" and "Or-
pheus“ as this week‘s presentations.
"Where's Charley"

Tonight. the State College Fi'ui
Program presents “Where's Char—
ley"; the musical comedy stars Ray
Bolger and is an adaptation of the
American favorite "Charley‘s Aunt."
The. famous "Once in Love With
Amy“ among other songs is in—
cluded in the score. The first show
will begin at 'i p.iii. and the second
show starts at 9 pm
French Film

Next Thursday. the group will
present "Orpheus," a tour de force
of the State College favorite. Jean
Cocteau; this French avant garde
film is based on the Orpheus legend
It is one of the best of the Cocteau
films and incorporates many of the
author-director's favorite symbols
and scenes. Jean Marais, of “El/cr-
iial Rcliu'n“ lanic. stars in the film
and is :llplitll'tctl by an exce.1cnt
cast including Juliette Greco.

'1 he li‘-.u will be shown in Draper
1.49 at 7:30 pin., admission free.

Peds To Face

scme of the SUNY campuses has
been speeded up in order to allow
a larger amount of freshmen to en-
ter next fall. Thus after ten years
of growth SUNY is rapidly becom-
ing the largest state university in
the country.

Committee Formed

A State Committee headed by Dr.
Angeli, President of Teachers Col-
lege at Plattsburgh. has been forni—
ed for the arrangement of the cele-
bration of the tenth anniversary. A
student advisory committee was set
up at Plattsburgh to help formulate
suggestions for the event. One of
the ideas was the selection of a
Queen of the State University. Each
college would select its own campus
queen who would then enter state-
wide competition for the. title of
Queen of the State University of
New York.

The student body of each college
selects the campus queen on the
basis of beauty, scholarship. char-
acter and personality, and partici-
pation in extra-curricular activities.
The candidates from each college
may either meet at one place for the
final judging or have photographs
and her qualifications sent to a
board of judges.

The Queen may represent the
State University at the State Fair
in Syracuse next fall.

Editorial Staff

VOL. XLlll. N0. 5

Eight students have been selected to serve on the staff of the Pedagogue for 1958-
1959 and to organize the new yearbook. Miss Zervas makes the following appointments
known: Editor-in-Chiei’, Delores Russell; Managing Editor, Laureen Dewey. Juniors; Ger-
ald Banﬁeld '58 will serve as Business Manager for the yearbook. Sophomores who will
work with the Pedagogue are Theresa Kerwin, Assistant Editor; Marion Brown, Literary
Editor; Josephine Pietruch. Typing Editor; Judy Pearlstone, Assistant Managing Editor;
Nancy Leighton ’61 will be the new Lay—Out Editor.

Debate Council
Schedules Trip

The State College Debate Coun-
oil will host Utiea College of Syra-
cuse. this Sunday at 2 pm in Bru-
bacher Hall for an afternoon of de—
bate. Frank Krivo ‘60. and James
Watson ‘6l. will debate for the al-
firmative cause while John Yager
'59. and Joel Nadel ‘61. will argue
for the negative.

Penn State

Members of Debate Council and
Forum will travel to Penn State for
three days of debate and discuSsion
Thursday. Corrine Marro '59. J0-
Aiin Sloat. James Keenan and Joel
Nadel, freshmen, will participate in
the debate part of the tournament.
Participants in the discussion will
be Lee DcNike '59. Kl'th), and Wat-
son. Samuel V. Prichard. Assistant
Professor of Eng ish. the faculty
member of Debate. will accompany
the group on the trip.

State Inbiber Cliugaluggs;
Literally Becomes True Blue

A story. Picture this: Norman Median Mode was the
most average guy at State. Only. he had a taste for exotic

drinks. One dark night: He

staggered down Washington

Avenue. An armored car from the Atomic Energy Com-
mission raced past him. It hit a bump; the only known
bottle of Cattyum——the 1031'd element—bounced out from

its thick lead-lined container

. Norm touched it. Poof . . .

January to January

The staff of the Pedagogue is being remodeled on a
January to January election basis because the increasing
size of the book, both ﬁnancially and in length, necessitates
direct contact of the editor and staff which the professional

semester might interfere with.

This should insure against delay in meeting publica—

tion date of the book.

Man Available,
Price Cheap!

What is a boy friend? A boy
friend is that indescribable thing
which most frustrated girls don't
have. but can find out about if they
are in Page Hall either March 14 or
15 at 8:30 pm.

Cheap

And believe it or not, girls. this
type boy friend is cheap. As a mat—
ter of fact, he‘s selling for the low
fee of one dollar. Surely. you can
relieve some of your frustration for
that price!

Alas, though. there will be com-
petition for our boy friend this sea-
son because of the demand for the
two day attraction. The reason for
the demand is simply that the lad is
so full of life, fresh. comical, spicy.
and still known for his debut on
Broadway.

A Real Experience

Now. girls. if you want to real‘y
have an experience that will take
your breath away and leave you
cheery for days. get down to lower
Draper sometime next week and
put your bid in to see our boy friend.

his brain lit up; he glowed white. Being blind drunk, he Remember, it (funny and Ms yours.

louldn't read the

lubci l’lc yelled.

' "'l‘c pulla.” ull(i chug-.i—liigged it.
I er' lrlc hiccouglicd. Noon on; never the
I lie

Szillli'. He cut got ln'n ti'cils.

llilullt'tl likc Feller.

oilli'ucoli Landy.

0
 1'   Junip-sliol ikc Pctitt. and passed
p like (irahaiu, He grew 1) ii 6“ over-

By BOB KAMI’I"

Altcr thrcc ycurs of coaching tiic \Hll'Slll basketball
train. (touch lticliui‘d Salli-rs has had one of his
primary wishes fulfilled. The Pcd liitoi' who came
to Siul- Ill 19:35 brought the Albany ll'tilll iroin the
li"l)lll.\' of .t ﬂelti season to .lu ll—9 campaign and on
to 17—1") l:i:t swoon The Peds ciiii'cni. rccord oi l-l-3
has bccn I‘t‘l'tittllllt'ii as cnough to gel the Saiicrs‘incn
into tiic post stasiiu National Awociation of inter-
tt)ill'i',iilll‘ Athli tics tournament. A post—season all'air
.‘ll ll as thi~ lliln lJI'l‘llSlllli1\\'lllil of u di'iuin ior Couch
Huiirrs r-llii‘t' hc took the Ill‘illl lor the Purple and
(told ’llic drcuni is now i'cuiily.

Must Ilci'ciit "ltll'l'

’ilic iii 1 :irsi-tiuncnt tor 'iic Htillt'l'h‘lllt‘ll iiciorc tiicy
liliil a trip to Kansas (‘uy. Missouri :ind the NAIA
finals will he a illsli'lcl ill piayoll gainc against itlilci'
(‘oiicac o1 Ncw .lcrscy 'lliis conical will lake piti"i'
on thc ‘l‘rciiton liluli School court in 'l'rciiton, N. J.
at if pni 'l'liurstlai. March l} Should the Polls get
by iti lcr. \\lill'ii Ins c. lvloli Hate to (lair. they would
icu\'c for Kansas (‘ily wlici'c llic funds will commence
on March it)

Hillt'l‘ lltl‘» liii'cc niorc clinics to play and has already
participated lil lill‘ NAlA plurolls in past years. Couch
Haul-rs :‘tilllllll‘lliiil oii Albany's cilliiii'cs' by saying.
"We will bc .il a iiisadvauliige due to two circum—
rilllitth, lill 'l'lic lone. trip 'o ’l‘rciilon and ibi This
is itlllt'i':. louiih or fifth ycar at participating in the
toiii'ncy and lhcy will thus he 'loiiriicy—wisci"

Statc \iili lic scckiiig to rcpliicc 'l‘ciiiicsscc btutc
llnu'trsni as ihc NAlA title tiliitll‘l'. "’l'lic boys have
liil'ill‘tl this bid by their hard work and they deserve
it". said Saucrs llc is conlldenl lliat State will give.
a good account of itself with the odds against it.
Albany must also find time to finish its regular season
selicduli- against llarpur iseucdiiled for Wednesday)
mid lil'l. which is looking lor an NCAA bid. next
Friday.

night. and could outstd'.‘ a blast—
itnii.icc. Hc played the drain and
lh- lrongo drums in It? languages.
liuiiiut-s appeared il'tlll his huts;
il'lli lic rcad their in in! . llc built
a litter inousctrup; lo imacli it with
a lilil).( in illllllSl‘-iilllil igc cult-d
How to be a limiter Mouse to ()utwil
a Better Mousctrap. ili \. lt‘l' rangi-
\vcnt from hiin .lcnin L.ll(l to low
.lcronic Hines,

Ans ()nc morning llt' iii-w trtin
Fiiiics ti tiic Htulc (‘upilol lilli li-
liii. 'i‘lic suinc day. lic l'l‘lllllt‘tl in a
izis'li lii.il i'csonlilcd a sine curvc.
ll sli'ct 'llt‘ll lroin his icll l‘.ll' to his
lll'.‘,lll lie |lllt_\'l‘ll tiic organ and
hitting crcrything lroiu lircd blood
to lircd tunic A in Hip.) llcruiic
thought hc i'ci-o,:iii/t-tl tiic symp—
toms ’lhc |ll'\l dot. Noriii's' li\ci'
tuind Io lcilhcr, and his kidit-ys
llll‘lll'i lo rubbci' lJi' i)l'l'lillt' look
a letter opener and slit Norni‘~ now-
liilll’l' clicsl ’llic licarl on i'\[\tlhlll'('
lo llll' air. llii'iicd l.: glass. l‘ooi‘
l\oriii ills brain turned into a
\\ull‘i‘til('lllii and broke his tungsten
skul When Dr. ii i). Mi). rcliiriicd
tlic ncxt morning. Ml’tllillithidt'
was a liannn; grccii ncgutiyc l“roni
this >I.it.'. iic ciiziligcd to it drop oi
lluc—grctn ink This is how they
lJlil'll‘ll iillil. oui tiic next day he

The post of Assistant Editor has
been newly created on the staff to
grant recognition and locate respon-
sibility.

The New Pedagogue

The next issue of the yearbook
will include features on Greek
Rushing and foreign students; there
will be six pages of color on life
at State.

The final deadline for the book
is tomorrow and will include every-
thing but State Fair and the State
College Revue. The yearbook has
now met three out of four of its
dead ines and the staff is hoping
for a publication date before the
end of class this spring.

Last Year's Staff

The Pedagogue staff this year has
been chosen from members of last
year's board who served in other
positions.

Nancy Monteau '58 preceded Ban-
lieid as Business Manager; Miss
Russell and Miss Dewey were last
year's Lay-Out Editors. and Miss
Fearlstone was Organization Edi-
tor. James Thompson was Editor in
c“arge of Advertising assisted by
Miss Leighton. Miss Brown retains
the position she held last year.

. 'l ‘ l l '.i i‘ ' ' ,. V
H” “d I“ ” “mm” “M bl“ “1’ u“ leresli Kerwin, Delores Russell. Josephine l’ielrucli, Gerald Banlleld, Judy l’earlstone.

ccriict-cry ltlplloguc: Dr Derinic

t'oiind ill Madame Curie‘s bunks llll‘ Marion Brown. and Nancy Leighton prepare fir

lllt‘lillt ll of the existence of cattyuin.

tomorrow's Pedagogue deadline. Dukene

She died of it. Yes. Cutlyosity Iiervas. present Editor of the i958 Year-Mk, 1. missing from the picture.

killed a Curie.

 

 

“A A—A‘ ‘-“ -4- A--- A-A‘- AA
' " vv—v wv‘V—vv'wv—vv— -v- w
- ‘ v‘ww v’w‘vvvv-VV-‘vvvvvvvvv v v vvvv Vvvvv'v'vv

 

