 

 

 

 

“"FEf‘f’itﬁkw’dN 1:319. »~ - .

PAGE 2.

Fresh Frolics .

The freshman class in the past two weeks
has proved itself in two instances to possess
to some degree an initiative and independ-
ence which the upperclassmen have tried
to capture since “way back when.”

Last Friday morning “’61 Presents,” the
freshman class paper, came out with infor-
mation, sentiments, and opinions concern-
ing government and the elections of class
and SA ofﬁcers from administration and

students. To most, it was

pleasant one. It was well organized and
well written. To the editors and staff we
extend our congratulations and a sincere

thank you.

“‘61 Presents” not only served, in its last
issue, to present a many-sided view of the
school elections, but it also was the “best
yet” as far as class newspapers go on this
campus. We’ve heard of an undercurrent
of complaints about “'61 Presents," but,
from one newspaper to another — settle
your differences and keep up the good work.

It’s best that way!

This publication, we feel, brought about,
in part, the second incident since it brought
elections uppermost in the minds of the

freshman class.

Friday at 1 pm. the freshman class met
in Page to discuss elections and their impli—
cations for student government and the
school as a whole. Although it was a mis—
directed and inconclusive session, it did
show that the Class of 1961 will meet any
time on a moment’s notice, if the situation
seems to demand it. Let‘s hope upperclass-
men and their wisdom do not squelch this

interest and enthusiasm.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 21. 1958

a surprise—a
Troooy. . . .

What,

Admittedly,

the election?

Snow News Is . . .

State College was closed for the ﬁrst
time in 22 years last Monday due to the
elements, and reliable sources assure us
that there will be no similar recurrence for
at least another 22 years.

We wish to thank the administration for
this respite from academic endeavors. To
the hearty soul who attempted to ex-
tend our “vacation” for another day we
commend him for a nice try.
W—T—R-Y, serving Albany, Schnectady and

7‘

“This is

MeGo?...

Tomorrow a new tradition will be found—
ed at State—that of Inauguration Day.
this new tradition detracts
somewhat from the excitement and sus-
pense of Moving-Up Day, but the suspense
over “who will win" is still present. It can
be built up to a very important event in
the social calendar if it is expanded. The
much scoffed at Inauguration Ball idea is
not as funny as some people try to make it.

But the importance of good attendance
at this “ﬁrst” cannot be overstressed. The
candidates for ofﬁce will be there, but how
about the other 800 people who voted in

You owe it to yourself and

the people you elected to be present.

For those of you who think you know all
the answers as to who did win, we promise
you a few surprises. To the rest of SA who
aren‘t quite so all-knowing they‘ll be even
more surprised. And remember, it's a won-
derful way to start campaigning for the

ofﬁces that weren’t ﬁlled.

14 ‘7luléal‘e ‘70 flick

Each year. it is customary to pay
tribute to the outgoing President
of Student Association. This year.
it not only remains a significant
custom but also an honor and a
privilege to pay respect to such a
person as Richard Kendall.

It is difficult for anyone to take
over the reigns of government and
especially so at the time when our
student government is in a state of
change and of testing our new Con—
stitution. Nevertheless. Dick, with
his keen insight and integrity, has
been the guiding force in enabling
us to surmount many of the obstacles
with a minimum of difficulty. He
was always ready to admit his mis-
takes. and to understand the errors
of others.

We had heard candidates in the
:ast advocate January—to-January
elections, and then do nothing.
Dick realized it was time for a
change from words to action. He
helped to formulate and pass the
new Constitution of last year, thus
taking a long step in the direction
of more efficient and better coordin-
ated student government.

We shall always remember Dick
wielding the gavel at Student Senate
meetings and, of course, we could
never forget the subtle humor he
injected into the meetings
which often proved to serve as an
impetus to further thought.

Dick has worked harder than
most of us realize. He has spent
endless hours attending to the me-
chanics of government and was al-
ways patient to hear ideas from the
people he represented. He has gone
far beyond his written duties to
serve the College . . . which even
includes painting election signs for
the Draper peristyle!

Dick has exhibited much endur-
ance and stamina. In short. he has
lived government for State College.
and we who know Dick can truly
sav that he will live in the hearts
of those who can not easi'y forget
his devotion to student government
and State.

To you, Dick, we humbly express
our gratitude and esteem and sin-
ccrcly wish you the best that life
can offer in the future.

 

 

——

First Place (,‘SPA

Vol. dell

Mcmln-r-. oi iiir NEWS .iliill :i..i_', in:

from 71o ii p in :ii L: in?!) chi ll i‘iio..r

241670.

The iiiidin'grailuiiir [it"ihvlﬁllit'r oi lllt'

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916
BY THE CLASS OF 1918

Second Place ACP

li'clii’lini‘. 21, 1958 No. 3

il‘il‘ilt'll Monday 'l'lli'hilii) and Wednesday

Filljiiiil‘li'k ii-liizi, Aliii- z-liilil). Kuiiipl

Now Y-iii’. Hinlc (Jollcgi- lor 'l'eai'hcrh.

published i‘ll'ly Friday oi till: (Jollcgi: yciii n', iiic NiaWS iIvuiiil inr the b'ludciit

Association

MARY H'I‘ZI'A'I'IHI'K

MAINE Illi'l‘TMElt - ‘
JOSEI'” h'ZAltl‘lK - - v
MARIJ'JNI'J ACKEICMAN

CAROL it"‘lC - -

ANN ltl'I‘LIICOCK A
MAul'l‘-JEN’I‘OI"I‘ NILBI'JV'
MARY ELLEN JOHNSON
JAMES Melil'iilt - -
I'JIJZHII'JI’II HI'I.N(JI‘.It

MON JA 'I'ltASKI'S - -
JOHN (H'IHK - - - -
Alt'l‘lll’lt I'HI'I‘NIK - v -
ItOIH‘Jt'I' KANI'I’ - - -
“RACE IiNUIulin‘ - ~

   

  

I‘HO'I'OIi'ilt/H‘IIY - — - I -

- Editorin-Chlcl

~ l'lxl'cutlvc (Zirl'ldttoi‘

lt'xccutlvc (Io-I‘lditor

- Managing Editor

v - Iiusini-sn Advertising It'ditor
Business Advertising Consultant

- - — Associate I‘lditor

- - - Associate Editor

- -- - - — Associate Editor
~ - — - — Associate Editor
- - Ansoctute I-iditor

- Public Relations Editor

- - ~ Feature Editor

- ~ — — Sports Editor
- - - (fircuiailon-Iéxciiauue Editor

— - - State College Photo Service

All cummiiiiii.iimii» should in- addressed to [llif editor unit must be signed Names
will be wiiiiiildd llli request. The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assume.» no responsibility

for opinions.
necessarily reﬂect its now.»

expressed in it» columns or commuiiicalions, us .‘iltkill expressions do not

Milli»- '

 

 

 

 

| (W (W
By ART PALAZZOLO
STRAND
Those of you who read this column
last week will recall that A Fare-
well to Arms. by Ernest Hemingway.
was rated as ii comparatively good
movie with some faults, least oi
which was its drawn-out ending.
Since that time, a half—dozen stu-
dents saw the picture and said that
they agree with me. I'm p eased
when someone disagrees with this
('i-lLllIlll~lt shows they lead it. That
make; me happy. When someone
agrees with the comments contained
herein. I'm not happy——I'm ecstatic!
Well anyway, it's being held over
for another weck.

PALACE

Walt Disney's Old Yellcr is also
l:cing held over. Now I know the
movie wasn't that good. Most likclv
the movie scheduled for this wcckL
ind \viis snowed uhdcr cn roulc. Also
showing lugiiiiii is Portugal.

MADISON

Sayonara with Marlon Brando,
Patricia Owens, Ricardo NliilllllllJilll
and Miycshi Umcki. The acting is
magnificent and the shots of the
Japanese. countryside lil'i‘ iiwc-m-
syirihg to say the lcust.

LICLANI)

Wcl's Fargo with JOi‘l McCi'cii.
Ir.in:'cs l)cc and Lloyd Noliiii. ’l'liis
l:. on old rc-rclcase wcslcrn winch
is good for a Western. The second
lciitiii'c is The Forest Rangers star-
ring Susan Hayward and Fred Muc-
Mui‘i'ay. This movie has imiriclous
scciics of thousands of iicri-s of
licnulil‘ul trccs bcing burncd io ii
i'i'l‘.;i, Ii. too is awe-inspiring

liIILLAVt’ARIL‘

licrc's ii iiliii lliul Will lll‘llJ,lll
llll‘ iii-iii'ls of all I’cyton I’liicc liiit-
cc.- Hex is l'(‘])lill'(‘(l by sni'cliiii'iiic-
('ihiit‘ll i-iiiciinilics iii All Mine to
(live which (iiynls John. Arthur
Itiink’s unsu-ccsslul iiiiswcr to So-
pliiii Loi'cii, iiiid Ciillli‘l‘iill Mitciic 1.
who in Hollywood was i'clcgiiicd to
ii strict diet of class Ii wcsli-i'ns, iii'c
ioincd by seven li)\‘ill)ll' urchins. it’s
a iiici- movu- ii you liki- nice people.
(PS This liil'liil'l‘ brought tears to
Dr. Hpertoi's cycsli

Here's a hot tip for all of you
who Would like to hit a "dill‘ci'cnt’
night spot this wcikciid. Iicrbcrt's
is now offering ‘Winmg and din-
iiig under the stars" and their
scotch is guio'unticd to bc Liic
slimmest in town.

Question of the week: When is the
International Film (iroup going to
go iiitci'iiatloiial'2‘)?

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

n “V\
By SEYMOUR and CAFARO 
A; A
If Winter comes, can Spring be far behind? Shelley

SIIOR’I‘ SHORTS. OR CREW CUTS????
NEW DAY AT BLACK ROCK
"There is no new thing under the sun.“ This year State College has
been earnestly trying to disprove this idea. We've seen new dorms. a
new sorority, and new chairs in the Snack Bar. To add to this, tomorrow
we'll see the inauguration of State's Inauguration Day. Jan-Jan. elec-
tions necessitate the announcement of ofﬁcers now. instead of on Moving-
Up Day iMUDi. See you at 2, Any dress will do. Let's attend SUD.
but what about MUD?
()(‘KIICS INTO OBLIVION
For many years Olendorf‘s Sweet Shoppe was the Elitc‘s meat. But
where are the Poes iEdgar Alleni of yesteryear? It's not much to look
at. not much to see. crowded and dirty, can't even see. Grease on your
spoon. ﬂies in your bcci'mlt's crazy that way! But where else can you
get liiryngitis. TB, and laccriitcd feet at the same time? .
Gradually the WT, formerly a place to "drop" in, has replaced Ockies.
Why? It surely isn't the prices. nor the devastating charm of Kay. It
must be that people like a clean well—lighted place. Speaking of lighted.
have you heard of the fire sales at Herbert's?
WINTER BLUNIIERLAND
This week history was made wiicn. for the first time since 1915, SCT
and the other area high schools were closed. YOU WERE THERE! But
where was the who, who did the coup? Was the little Blue Man? Or
was it the Pied Piper of the frosh class who stirred up the Page ragc
last Friday?
OUR SECOND EXCLI'SIVE
Here's the second half side of the coin. 1960 Senate~chin, Walsh.
Fowler, Pcnheld. Hooker. Mead. O'Connor, Ptalis. Brown. 1961 Senatew
Watson. Relii'ig. Smith. Weinburg. Doughei'ty. Coyle. Newton, Heywood.
I‘{elly, Sullivan. 1960~Veep. Call. in a very close race. 1961 Veep Baker:
South-Jacobson, with Alston and Steele placing and showing: Song—
leiidcr Mi'llcn. Clieci'leadei'~Bc2ils. Pub Director iHead Bar Maidi—v
Marion. Trciism'er—Wluilen.
NOBODY IIOIVIE—UI'S’I‘AIRS
Somebody—Jet us in on what the combination for success is when ii
member of the same world tries to cull Siiylcs Hull. First you must wait
until some unsuspecting and usually unconcerned vouni,r man musters
up enough strength to pick up the phone. ’I‘hcii, unless the youii“ I'en-
th'lllllll wants to lorch the wliolc ugly mcss by hanging up right“ tlicn
hell fly back and forth from floor to floor until it finally occurs Ll;
someone that the Joe Blow in question dicd in the ptoinainc cpidcmic
of 1907. C'iiion. lclliis, Fmin is on our side I
DRAI’ICR. I)AIII.I.\'(i‘.’ L I
'Winchcll docs it with orchids. and Nobcl with praises hold
113?: iii'iiiy gives out iiicdiils. and lii(i\'lc(l(iiliw old Oscar's gold.
. £:::ILI:..S(Jl”ill;,i‘i;:;‘l::!\\(' posscss We einpoicrisiicd incinbers oi.
Our tribute then to IFU. ( '  r v «A -
Cllllt‘tl llic (‘hink‘itsSL H“ m ( 1‘13 “minim
[CLAS’I‘IC lilil'CA'I‘lON
[1‘LClilLliillll..bijltll‘ which oiil! 'lhc Albany Higher-Ups havi- dccidcd
i.i in oiilii to do a \icll-rouiidcd icachcr one must bi- ‘llJlL‘ i l ‘
liciidsiiind ii. lliill'lb’lllllll. iind ‘dl least 20 li'lHIlI-U)‘ . - l 0‘ ('0 J'
lmwh “.115 W” [U I” I t I  is. What 11 one of yoiii
. . L. stand on \Ol.l lll‘il(l.) You have to be able to do
it. lJi‘CiillM‘ lhc iiccils oi lhc child MI'S’I‘ be satisfied Moreover ('11  l —
hioi'cs iiccii llic iiuoioiis physical activity V y d lop m
RAIKIIGVY ‘IllOl'Nli 'I‘IIIC IIOOI'. (iROl'I‘i
iiiiL l‘d)il’llt‘ll lo c; ' v - '--. v e v v ‘
gum“? “Hul‘l SI“([(lnlhllihaiiiiiﬁltilzilirl tl‘lt (.iciks llflvltiill/itftl iittlic biciiii
i. 1 nuts L_',l\i'll iii Rivalry lor booink

COHGQG Co/endor

I-‘ItlliAY, li'iililil'AitY 2i

15.00 pm. Forum pi'cscnis I)r. it it'. Osgood How “‘1”

7.30 pm. Nt‘\\'liiilil (‘lub ('Iillll‘l'l'lii'i‘ and liciicdiciion ll iillc ('i‘UitO VI
liili-i'iiiilionul l'lllli (iroiip pi'csciiis "lSl’ll'iillUl‘ill " iii 'Hii' i'c-
pciit at 9 pin. 7 ‘ V . I

SA'I‘l'llliAI’, FICISRI'ARY 2f!

 il.lll. Ncwiiiiin Club Muss. Litilc Grotto \11

A83 iriii. Ncwniun Club Conference, Lillie '(il'liiii) VI

'.0 pm. Ncwiiiziii ()liib Coiilerciicc, Little (li'otto’ V.I.

a. 0 pin Niii‘iﬁ‘uialioln Iiiiy Ceremonies begin Page
3' an) ’1" I  1 ‘

ill) pin. P51(iiiiiiiiiulkliillilliglllly$3:JHHHI Hm“ “mum VII'

SI'NIIAY, FEBRUARY 2:: b

'30 j).lll.

 

 

CA:

L:

Ncwinim ()liii '  .  _
0mm). VI. ’ (41mins (/Ollltllllli‘ and Holy lloui'. Little

1) and A Council Mceliiiii, Brubiudicr.

.01) pin.

"1

co p.in. Lutheran Student A'so'
v. s. ci'itioi H i
gotuse, 160 Central Ave. ‘ 1 Mummy at
c a Zola Opcn House
MONDAY. FEBRUARY 24 '
Veteran monthly loi'ms come out.

., John‘s Meeting

9:00 ll.lll

 

 

 

7/... op... MM

 

By ART PLOTNIK

If the cold weather outside is
bothering you these days, why not
drop down to my apartment? Not
that this a come on; not that it's
warm in my apartment—the truth
is that two hours in my dwelling
makes the great outdoors seem like
summertime—Timida. Just the other
morning I reached out from the
covers to shut oﬁ the alarm and go
back to sleep as I do every morn-
ing, but this time I left my thumb
on the alarm button.

Of course I‘m lying .is usual.
Actually I have my love to keep me
warm: that is. I love myself so much
that a palm tree sprang up in the
living room last night.

Naturally that. too, was a lie. I
don‘t know why I even bother with
this Joy-Boy type of dialogue. It‘s
about as funny as it snowball, which
again is somewhat of a falsehood.
since snowballs are not funny.
whereas my column tends to be
hilarious. happy. cheery. sunny.
smiling. blithc. in good spirits, chip—
per, gay. debonair. light. bouyani.
bright. airy. jaunty, sprightly. spirit-
cd li'vely. animated. vivacious.
sparkling. Sportive. and many othcr
things not in the thesaurus.

You know. this is the first column
in a long time in which I've had
nothing significant to say. By now
you are saying that I never
have anything signiﬁcant to say. I
shall now prove that you are wrong.
I shall now say something signiﬁ-
cant.

"You're right. I am a liar. I do
not have anything worthwhile to
say."

Now all this talk about lying has
merely been a great build—up .‘.Ol'
today's discussion of George Wash—
ington Ciii'vcr. whose birthday is
not this week. People make a big
fuss over the original G.W. who cut
down the cherry tree in a mad riigc
caused by his inability to tell ii lic.
Of course Beech-nut gum claims he

D&A Council
Meets Sunday

William Gardner ’59. President of

Driiniziiics and Art Council. ‘ifl‘irins
that Mrs. Chester Gavi'yck. Presi-
dcnl of the State College ’l'lii-uli'c
Alumni Association. will spciik it i
spcciiil incclin: of l) 8; A Council
Sunday at Brubiiclicr Hull iii 3
pm.
At lhc nicciing Mrs. Giivi'yck will
discuss ilic activities of llic Alumni
Association, which is composed of
former mcmbcrs ol llic Slate Col-
lege 'l‘hciili'c. All i) i‘s'r A li'yoiils 'll'l‘
urged lo :ilicnd hilli‘i' a special pro-
gram =>- pliniiicd

 

 

Gerald Drug Co.

217 Western Ave. Albany, N. Y.

Phone 6-3610

 

the

SNACK
\ BAR

 

 

was carving his initials in the tree
as long as the flavor lasted. We
must assume that he was chewing
on the tree. which. historians tell
us, was actually a Beech-nut. mak-
ing the whole mess legal.

But all of this is peanuts com-
pared to the good G.W. Cai'ver‘s in-
ability to tell a lie. You‘ve certainly
heard the recent rock 'n‘ roll poem
entitled-—

Peanuts . . .
Oo-oo-hoo-hoo-hoo
Peanuts . . .
()o-oo—hoo-Iioo-hoo
I’eanuts . . .
Oo-oo—hoo-hoo-hoo
“Cause I lov‘ ya an‘ I'll
Neva' let you go!
The obvious symbolism in this
poem confirms all I have said today.
I devote the rest of this column
to exciting events at school this
week,

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 21. 1958

New Chess Club
Stan‘s Ai‘ State;
Plan Tourney

All students interested in playing
chess, either novices or experienced
players. are requested to come to
Brubacher Hall at 7:30 pm. this
Tuesday night for an organizational
meeting to be held for a proyected
State College Chess Club.

Dr. Grava to Advise Group

Arnolds Grava. Assistant Professor
of Modern Languages. will be the
advisor for the group. He will con-
duct a tournament for the more
advanced players at the meeting.
Instructions will also be given to
those who either have played before
or have little experience in the
game.

Future Exhibitions Planned

Future plans for the organization
include a simultaneous chess exhibi-
tion by Dr. Grove and other projects
and tournaments.

Students who are interested in
joining this group but who will be
unable to attend the meeting should
consult Dr. Grava.

 

M“... . one“... sen-um,

PAGE 3

Slate Galley [Veda 3W

   
 

 

r’ .

CAUGHT OFF GUARD are the members of the 1958 NEWS Board.
Front row, left to right. are: James McIIugh, Marie Dettmer, Mary
Fitzpatrick. Grace Engels. and Robert Kampi‘. Second row, left to right.
are: Marit Jentoft-Nilsen, Mary Ellen Johnson. Elizabeth Spencer, Monica
'l‘raskus. Ann Hitchcock. Carol Altic. Absent are Joseph Szarek, John
Quirk and Arthur Plotnik.

 

     
 

 
 

patent number

to L&M today!

 

Smokes
cleaner

light into that

Only UM gives you
this filter fact—the

every pack..........

your guarantee of a more effec-
tive filter on today’s MM.
puleiilcd Miracle lip is pure
whiteinside,pure whileoutside.
LAM smokes cleaner. Tastes
best. Bo Live Modern 7 change

YOtill be sillin' on tap 01° worl hen yu change to lli‘M

 

FILTERS

0 n /4/zi./7//.inui..im [arid/y [yon/l!
541"“! ml 41/07 ytnul/ I/II'I/(II/ll 4/)“
1% Mow/r 4a 1/. l /L/ in .1 in. o//

The

Tastes
best

   
 

poor” I mung voinrcc in

Free up. . . freshen up your taste!

Put yourself behind the pleasure end of an l.&M. (let the ﬂavor,
the full rich taste of the Southland’s finest cigarette tobaccos.

® lilggcli ix Alicia ’i'oliaico Company

 

 

 

 

 

