 

PAGE 2

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 19. 1958

 

Drab Monday . . .

No Make-up Monday will mark the beginning of a
grand old tradition called Rivalry. At present we’re not
worried about the Frosh and how they will react to this
very purposeful escapade. We think they will survive as
well or better than the classes that have preceded them.
The responsibility of seeing that this year’s Rivalry is a
success is not entirely up to them.

Last year when the revision of the Rivalry plan took
place it was emphasized very strongly that a good deal
of the work of carrying on our customs and traditions
would be up to the upperclassmen. For example, you can’t
give a warning to a trosh for cutting campus or walking
in the rotunda, but you can certainly assert your authority
as an upperclassman and let them know that these are
two of State’s “unwritten laws."

And now we shall consider the question of those cus-
toms which can be enforced via warnings and the in-
vincible justice of our Ped Kangaroo Court. We realize
that it is not always in good pre-rushing taste to give a
warning next Monday to some lipsticked frosh who might
some day become the ﬁrst woman president of S.A., but
unfortunately this is the only way that this new custom
can be ingrained in the memories of all erst-while frosh,
short of open warfare. The same holds true for “Boys'—
Pants-Rolled-Up-Monday" and our other new tongue—twist-
ing Fun Days.

Assured as we are that the freshmen will accept these
days in the spirit that they were devised, there are bound
to be some rebellious frosh. It will be up to the upper-
classmen to put them on the straight and narrow. We
sincerely hope that each upperclassmen will share in this
responsibility.

Had A Ball...

This year’s incoming freshmen were met by an im-
proved Frosh Weekend. For the ﬁrst time, a combined
women’s and men’s weekend was held here on campus.
an arrangement which enabled the staffs to conduct ac-
tivities such as the Beanie Ceremony, the very successful
picnic at Thacher, and the dance Saturday evening
Without a doubt the picnic highlighted the whole week—
end since the frosh could swtm, hike, engage in com—
petitive sports with the counselors, faculty and other
freshmen, or spend a leisurely afternoon.

Encouragement and participation by the administra-
tion and faculty. enthusiastic class spirit, organization
and co-ordination by Connie Olivo, Anne King, Dave Youst
and their staffs all contributed to the success of the entire
weekend.

We certainly feel conﬁdent that this Freshman Week-
end served as an introduction to college life, our customs
and traditions, and extra-curricular activities. Let‘s hope
that future freshmen classes will be able to experience
just such an introduction to college.

M.J.N. and ML.

How To Succeed . . .

Now that the anticipation and confusion of registra'
tion, schedule changes, and initial adjustment to dorm
food is over for you frosh, it is expedient and traditional
for the News to publish some sage advice to the incoming
freshman class.

College represents for most of you a good deal more
fredom than you have experienced in your short, innocent
lives. From now on until June 1962, no one will tell you
when to go to bed, to study, to do your assignment and
certainly no one will care. Some freshmen adjust to this
fact quite nicely, and these freshmen graduate. Some do
not, and these flunk out except for a few with a surplus
of brains.

In the next few weeks there will be a great many
demands on your time-w academi: and otherwise. It would
be foolish for us to tell you to pursue the purely academic
and ignore the “otherwise”. We are in complete accord
with the old trite aim of developing a Well~rounded iii-
dividual ill the course of a college education. We just
ask you to remember that. the primary aim of a college
education is a college education. (,‘hoose what. activities
you will join carefully and conservatively. You can’t do
everything everyone asks you unless you intend to Join the
vast number of popularity poll winners who flanked out
their first year. liudget your time and you'll be able to
enjoy the simpler pleasures of life and be sophomores
next year.

 

 

College Calendar

FRIDAY, Sl‘;l"l‘l'JMIH‘llt It)

7:00 pin “(in the Riviera"

9:30 pm Draper 1M9

SATURDAY, SI‘ZI"|‘I£MIHCI( $50

9:00 pm All (,‘ollcge Reception, Page flail
MONDAY. HICIVI’EMBER 22 ”

8:00 a.ia. "No Make—up Monday .

10:00 am. liook Exchange, tamer Draper

 

 

 

 

(6’24:th (GM
By Gebhardt and Barbagclata

We are not going into the neu-
seatingr bit about welcoming the
freshmen. Instead let us be the first
to say goodbye to those who will be
leaving us within the next few
weeks.

RITZ

The Mark of Zorro, starring Ty-
rcne Power and loveless Linda
Christian. Don't bother seeing this
one. It's old enough to be on the
late show any night now. The sec—
ond hit is Ride A Violent Mile fea-
turing John Agar and horse. What
talent! The. horse that is.

ST RAND

Adam and Evch new approach
to an old theme—sex. The wardrobe
for this movie was designed by Lady
Godiva. The people in this movie
are so new that the director has
forgotten their names already. This
is supposed to be the story of cre-
ation. What we want to know is.
who wrote it? Mickey Spillane. The
second flicker is hardly worth men-
tioning]. Toughest Gun in Tomb-
stone. starring Jim Davis. What tal-
ent. 'f'he tombstone that it.

PALACE

Me and the (‘oloneL This is our
pick of the week. Danny Kaye and
Crt Jurgcns team up to give us
seine sorely needed good entertain-
mtat. Our only question is‘.) How
come it is playing in Albany? Good
talent like this might become cor:-
lttl,ltl.l.s‘ and maybe even spread to
’i.V.

M HHSON

Twilight for the (lads, starring
Rock Hudson and Cyd Charisse,
this flicker couples a powerful and
moving story with fine acting and
excellent photography. Don't miss
ll. George Gobcl flutt's his way
t..rough the second show. I Married
a Woman. The title is tough to take
and. for that fact. so is George.

In closing we would like to say
hats off to the Frosh Weekend
Committee for being the only ones
lc.t on t.()l'lll field at the end of the
.2117. concert (which they sponsored,
iiicidcntiillyi. An inspiring show of
intestinal fortitude.

communW

To the Editor:

'lhe school adniinisti'aiion. the
staff, counselors. and freshmen
made this year's Fresh Weekend
the success that it was. Many, lllllll‘.‘
thanks to all oi Hill who helped in
the planning. organimiion, and car-
rying out of the weekend

‘lo the freshmen everything at
Albany State sci-ins to keep improv—
iiig through llllit' With your re—
sources talent. spirit, and origin-
iility. you I‘ll“ make Hind i know
you will iiiakei next year's freshman
.i'ogi'aiii better than eici

Sincerely,
Have Youst

 

 

'l'o :\l| l‘pperclassmi-n:

ltivzih'v starts on Monday! The
lti\ali'y period in only three weeks
long this year let's make it a art-iii
hilt't‘l’hh.

Wiii'iifiii; curds will be placed in
the (‘iiniiioiis Warnings may lie
i:l\'i'ii for

Not we.iiiii.-, ii llt’illllt'

Not liiii‘tng a name tag

Not ilil\llll.‘ iiiaii'lies

Not complying to Special l-‘iin
[)iHh

Mrnday i. "NoMake-tlp Mon»
tin," [or the girls ll yoti see a
freslinuin hill with makeup on,
give ln-r .l warning ’lhe li'osli can
be a ked to sing their songs this
coming Wednesday and tar-h Wed-v
iiesday for the lli'f'tl three weeks

[i you \Alllll to continue our cits—
toms oi not permitting the fresh to
cut eaiiipiis. wall; in the i'oltllttld
.iii',i, \t'i'ai st litml Illittiv til’ lllhlltlllit-‘i,
or use the front entrance to Page, ii
1. up to voii' Warnings can not he

iit'li for these if .i-ti es

'llie (.‘lass oi 'tlJ is raring to go
Let's show iln'in a good ltiviili'y pe~
find that about ll‘.".".‘

.lohn Yitger,
President of SA.

 

Now there's a guy with spirit!

 

   

"'l‘hou speak’st with all thy wit, and yet, i' faith.
With wit enough for thee." Macbeth

HALF APOLOGIC’I‘ICALLY

We are a disorganized Common—Stator, for this is our very first
attempt at scintillating, effervescent, and somewhat deathless prose
We would like to entertain you. we hope that we do amuse you a bit.
but we are novices and obviously need practice at this sort. of thing.
Comiiion-Staters, that is, good Coinmon—Staters, have to earn a reputation
for scathing and clever iiiVective. We promise to do our best. and ii
that best is not quite what yeti expect, write a letter to the editor oi
this great, tradition-ﬁlled newspaper. Our editor will print your letter.
for she fosters budding geniuses in the field of creativity But I warn
you. your letters won‘t change us; we're Seniors, set, in our ways.
adamant, and so forth. Besides all that. we were happy to accept, the
post, you shall have to put up with us for a whole semester, and we
like to see our own endeavors in print. Next. week we'll get organized
INSIDE STORY

It has been bandied about the Campus that State College will this
year emphasize gracious living, and the rumor seems to be holding
true. The maids made several beds in one of the dorms. one fraternity
owns a hotel. and the Union is now offering breakfast.
FRESH FROSII

In the athletic room at the Student Union, two purple-topped win-
somes were leisurely engaged in a ping-pong game. Someone asked it
they might have the winner of the game, and both tiii'iicd. chirping "Of
course, if you'll be nice to us.“ New refillr. t‘ emphasis is upon
gracious living. but . . .
RECKLICSS RUNAWAY

A student VIP. is searching for ilie vandals who uprooted his
petunia plants. Perhaps Mr. Fowler could secure a fur cap and initiate
an investigation. While he is so engaged, he might be able to find out
why the bookcases iii Briibacher lounges are so conspicuously empty
ORGANIZED CONFUSION K '

‘ Registration was. barring the inevitable conflcts. tilll(.'ll more t'llit‘lt'lll
this year. Congratulations to those responsible for making the game
so much easier to play. A Canasta-like handful of IBM. cards. a well
marked-out obstacle course, and like “Monopoly”. some students lost
lots of money at certain stations. Hazardous, but all part of the Lzzllttt‘
SNEAK I’RIWIICW

International Film (il'tillt) has been reorganim'd, and it plans to
explain everything this year in a weekly column. The English films
will have Mediterranean subtitles. and Blll‘tltll will be heralded a month
trained iiiiistaches and walk about with an air of tilill'l'-\\'ill'ltillllt'rv
in advance. The IF.“ officers will he required to wear small, iii-trill
Rolled umbrellas and jodpurs are de rigiier, llall litilwlllihliilltllll“ It
should he a good year for culture.

HOME AWAY FROM HOME
1hu[Witvlgkslfitcruileup:. littlillllt» thktllltlt'l'i'l'll! Alinosi nothing has t'llilllt’t‘tl
“m” “uppity  1.i_is. ‘ i understand that the lower pi-i'istire

_ .i ittiia to tiie (,oininoiis l: Sltlltlillliii'i'tl on [itittttN' l"

piovule us a shelter from attacking lndfans.

llow ea ll_\ will the Class of 1962 win ltliali'i'i’

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916

BY lHE CLASS OF 19111

 

l'lt'st l‘lace ('SI‘A Hi-ioiid l'lltt't‘ :\('l’
Vol .‘xlilll .‘jclili'nibei' If), liliill No l.

I“)llll\1tlllllllllltilil Ul‘IllH N'l'.\ti-’i_».tiifl may lie li'.tt|ii'il {\lo nlit, lio .il.i\ .iint \\voli‘ "
2 91"“ | .i at .. l.l..ii, Inst :1 l‘lioin» li‘il/patiltl'. ‘f Iliitl. Allit if 'Illiii l". i.i-l‘l
‘l‘ni- Illltlt‘lﬂlililtdlt‘ lit‘\ piper ii i

. vii i l'N'iY'iH-"' '
ilitlllihilt‘tl t-iei. i'liiil) of ito- ('oilt'l'i‘ Eli'tll In}: illiltfhi‘ll?\1‘\’|: “(MIMI IIH‘ |I"|"h:“
Asm‘litlltiii ‘ A I “‘“l I”! [m hvmrlu
MAHIJ'JNIG 2\('lil lt\l.\\'
(UUHH. .'\l.'l‘lt'
l).\\lll l'l‘.l.l).\l.\\
NJIU'I' leNl'tll' l' NIIAI'..\
MARY 9‘.I.I.I‘ZN Jtllleth
\I \R’l‘ll.‘ l.l-.:~lt K
JAMES Mrlll'till
I‘JJZAIII‘Z'I'II sl'lAt'lalt
MUNH'A 'l'lt:\h|tl'~i
.IUIIN (tltlltli -
IAMI'ZH lHll'Glll‘Jtl‘l'
IOIIN lil‘LWIS
lulltlill'l‘ KAMI'I’
(illzﬂ'l'i l'iNtil'Ilm'
I'lltl'l‘lltiltill'IlY

All t'Ulllllllllllt'illltills \liut

. . ild ln- titltllt‘::t‘il - -
it'll! be withheld on ii-aiiest mini tirt'xvpy It":iilrledii‘lmay” “H” h" ‘m‘ml N-mm
or opinions tripllhbitl in its columns of r'oltiliiiilift'iilloin Ht

necessarily reihecl its views
«Mia I
will to l b

l

Hamming IIIlIoI

liusiness .tllierllsing lililoi
\wsm |.llt' Itllloi

\ssni‘liilc Iiltlni

\ssnclulr lillloi

\~.».oii.ilr lilitin

Associate lilllui

Associate l.i|llol

.‘whilt‘lillt‘ lilttoi

I‘nlillc “t‘lmlllllh lilitui

('II \lioi t-. I illloi

la \ltlilln I Illloi
(illisiiltaiil spoitw I dIioi
('Iiiiilallou l'ixclianue I‘Jultll

.iiiitlliit'h iiii fi-iiiioiiwdilll-
it It l‘\|’lt :ooih do not

L i F  A R ‘1
seem «Drama M memes
Australia

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 19. 1958

The News Comments On rosh Weeken

 

   

linder the spreading chestnut tree the village freshmen sat. Where
was Billy Graham?

I Who ever heard of getting in line to go to ’l‘hacher l’ark‘.’ Frosh Weekend even provided this
innovation. '

   

        

I don’t know what happened to him. He was

Isn‘t it strange the way the filial skit isn't quite like the re—
Ieaning over just a minute ago.

hearsed act?

I can't heln it. When I‘ve got an itch. I don’t
care WHERE I am!

 

. Hymn .t.

 

.\ guy has gotta get through college somehow. Who's the joker who stole my liula-hoop‘.’

I What would girl's i‘rosli weekend be without a
‘ charlestoii nnmhcr'.’

 

 

v‘HiIll' (‘ollcge I'liolo Hl'i'illr

 

a

step right up and set your lit-ante! ’l‘lie solemn Beanie eerenioni‘ is right ill MW”; “lid the

counselors are having it ball! oa‘
1‘

.Noii boys! You can carry this sportsmanship idea too far! In

tennis the nets are loin-i"

 

 

 

