  

PAGE 2

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MARCH 21. 1958

 

To Be Continued . . .

Just to assure you that we aren’t consciously neglect-
ing to plug the good things at State, we’d like to go back
two weekends to State Fair. It was a solid success in two
respects.

First, it was a concrete example of the cooperation
that can exist between the faculty and students. Secondly,
it certainly lived up to the expectations of being the
“Greatest Ever” as far as State Fairs in the past are con-
cerned. It grossed a net proﬁt that was two hundred
dollars more than any previous foreign student beneﬁt.

Congratulations should go to the faculty and organi-
zations who put all their energy behind this affair. Saluta-
tions to Potter Club for their ﬁne opening show! (Who
says that athletes have no other talents?) And last but
not least, thanks to Marion Sciortino and Don McClain
for their wonderful job in coordinating the event.

Thanks For The “Advice” . . .

Surprise! Surprise! Surprise! Senate passed the reso-
lution proposed by Charles Fowler last week. It was
amended so the “investigation” of the News previously
planned is now just “advice” to the News. Other amend-
ments were made and amendments to the amendments.
As the resolution was voted on ﬁnally, the idea behind it
all was that Senate merely wants the resolution on the
records. Nobody considered whether the allegations were
true or false. Nobody considered the precedent that was
set.

We think it is ﬁne that Senate is beginning to tap
some of the latent power that has been on reserve for so
long—but, we think this was a completely misdirected use
of power.

We feel that the News refuted the allegations ade-
quately last week. Most of the Senators felt that the alle-
gations were false, with the exception of the “discretion”
used by the Editor in letting some features appear. Yet,
these same Senators who would have voted down the
amendment in its original investigation form, voted “yes”
in its advisory form.

We would have preferred an investigation! At least
that way, in addition to the allegations, we would have
had the ﬁndings and, we believe, the refuting of at least
three of the four supposed violations. Although it was
pointed out that in the “whereas” clauses in the resolu-
tion, that this was the opinion of only certain students.
Senate, by passing the resolution contradicted itself. Sen—
ate represents in its voting (at least, theoretically) the
whole student body.

Why couldn't a recommendation be made to News
Board? Certainly a recommendation to the Board would
have served the same purpose. Why is it necessary to put
“advice” on the records?

We don't intend to take this graciously. We believe
a resolution is a serious thing, investigation or no investi-
gation. But thanks for the “advice.” . . .

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916

BY THE CLASS OF 1918

 

First Place CSPA Second Place ACP

Vol. XLIII March 21. 10:38 No. 0
NEWS stall may he

2-3120, It'xl il

ii-miieil Monday ’l‘uivsdiiy and Wednesdin
i"ll/.[iiilllii~i Ii»lli'.'~i. Alili: ‘J-Tillfii. Kaiii‘pf

Members of the
from 7 to ll pm Ill
2-9870.

l‘illiti'“.

State College for
NEWS iioiii'd lor Lin:

'l'ciichers.
Hilldelit

new:papei' of liil: New York
year by the

The undergraduate
published every Friday of
Association

the College

MARY Fl'l‘ll'it’l'lthK - - - - - - - - — ~ l'Jdltor-lii-Ciilc!
MARIE DE'I‘TMEIt I'Ixizitutivo (.‘o-lvjditor
JOSEPH SZAIUiK - - - - - - ' ~ iixritulivc (.‘o—Iidltor
MARLENI'I ACKliltMAN - - ~ » - r - - Managing liditor
CAROL AL'I'IC « - - - - Muslin-as Advertising laditor
ANN HITCHCOCK - - Iiiihinrss
MAHIT-JENTOF'I‘ NILh'liN

MARY ELLEN JOHNSON » ~ - - - -
JAMES neuron - - - ' - - ~ - - - ‘
ELIZABETH ﬁl'h‘NCMt - ~ - - - - -
MONICA 'l'ltAsKllﬁ

JOHN QUIHK - - - -
ARTHUR I'LO'I'NIK - - - - * - Feature luditur
ROBERT KAMI'I" - ' ~ - - > v r " — Sports lidltor
GRACE i'SNGItLS - - - (ﬁlri:uiution—lixizhangc lidltor

Advertising Consultant
Associate Editor
Associate Editor
Associate Editor
Associate [Editor
Associate Editor

l‘uiiiic ILL-lotions liditor

PHOTOGRAPHY - - v - - - - State College Photo Service

All unninunlciiiions should he addressed to the editor and iiiii:.t be signed Names

will be withheld on request The B’I'A'l'h‘ COLLEGE NEWS assuiium no responsibility
for opinions expressed iii its columns or couiiiiuiiiouiloiis. as Dill,“ expressions do not

necessarily rciiect its vicwri.
«we

 

 

GammaW

To the Editor:

From the letters printed in last
Friday’s State College News. it seems
that the News has come under some
criticism. Putting it in my own two
cents worth. I'd like to point out
that the State College News should
be commended for stirring up school
interest, even though its methods
aren't above reproach. It‘s all too
easy for students to get so engrossed
in their own activities and problems
that they forget or ignore school
activities and problems. However.
the State College News does owe it
to its readers to try a little harder
to get all the facts before it sounds
off.

Last Friday's editorial mentioned
that some persons have criticized
the News for publishing “The Open
Mind." I think the News should be
commended for its own “open mind"
and liberal policies. After all. since
this institution trains high school
teachers. it is only ﬁtting that a
high school level (junior high) mind
be on exhibit for all good students
to study. On second thought, I take
that back. That last statement was
too insulting to even the slowest
junior high pupil. Some junior high
pupils are pretty good writers. al-
though none could possibly be as
dirty as Mr. Plotnik. But then, who
can?

 

Francine Volvo '59

 

To the Editor:

Last weekend State College (and
some parents) saw a production of
“The Boyfriend" as the State Col-
lege Revue of ‘58. This show has
been dubbed a success and the direc-
tors and actors have received many
compliments and praises.

However. these people are not the
only ones who deserve a pat on the
back. Behind every actor and every
scene there were many people who
worked long and hard during the
six weeks of rehearsal and the two
nights of production.

The costume crew. the stagehands.
the make-up crew. the ones who
built the sets, the prop crew; all of
these people who worked so well to-
gether with a common aim toward
a good show should be thanked and
complimented. Without these people
"The Boyfriend" could never have
gone on.

Let us for once in em college
careers give a show of appreciation
to the “little people” who worked
so hard and so well for this show,
as they do for most State College
functions.

Thanks again.
The Cast & The Staff

To the Editor:

Last week four RPI freshmen
were involved in an automobile ac-
cident and two were killed. One oi'
the boys who was critically injured
is Kenneth MacLennon.

Last night a friend of Ken's called
me and asked me to have everyone
and anyone write to Ken or send
him cards to cheer him up and
make him want to live.

Now he's in danger of dying. He‘s
si‘il'eriiig from severe internal in—
juries. broken legs. and also his
face is completely smashed.

Please ask any students to send
their cards to Kenneth Machennon.
Eiii‘atogii Springs. Saraioga. New
York.

Thank you.
Lisette li‘imian ’01

To the lt‘ditor:

.lli:-l 2i few words to express my
lippi'l‘i‘llliliili of the wonderful day
my iiimily spent at your second Par—
i-iiis' Day. 1! you have any doubts
about the value of such a day, please
put them aside. The day brought
llllif’ii pleasure to many. many piir—
eiiis. I am so happy my daughter
has a chann- to attend your college,

A Parent.

To the Editor:
it is my personal opinion and the
opinion of all thi faculty members
and parents I have talked to, that
i‘arrnts’ Day was a huge success
il'l)lll beginning io end and that
Jillif' (lass and her i'l't.‘W and Dick
l‘ib’lli‘l‘ and his lJl'Oi)-li(,01)-lt—tli)()l)i:l'i5
(lesi we a big hard
David Hartley,
Dean of Melt.

ﬂit“,

 

 

 

 

 

 

C’ammon- State/t

By SEYMOUR and (‘AFARO

   

“Nothing,r succeeds like success."
ALL I WANT IS .“ BOOM—IN ALBANY

Every city should have class. distinction and culture. Now take Al-
bany (and we. wish son'iebody would). Like all dogs, it should have its
day. We here at ECT do not realize how fortunate we are in living in
the fair capital city. Pure (Shiamericana! Where else could one absorb
the omnicient knowledge of drunks babbling on South Pearl. And the
dramas enacted each spring in Washington Park. Music festivals—con-
certs by Fats Domino and others. And what of the aristocracy that in-
habits this etcrnal city of Light. this bustling Babylon? As in any City
of distinction. their lives are spent in enriching mankind. discussing
the problems of the world in evening soirees and coffee houses, reading
the provocative periodicals of the day. and generally being stimulated
by the vivacity of their environs. Take Manhattan. the Bronx, and
Staten Island. too—‘cause we've got the zoo!

BOO—BOOP-A-DOOP

Believe it or not. we've. hit upon something positive to say. Last
weekend was the best this year has shown. Parents' Weekend was u.
great success and the Boyfriend has never been equalled on Page Stage.
Response to the show was fantastic—faculty and students to it went
and by it “sent.” Take it from these two aisle-sitters. it could have
packed an audience for a week. This isn't Who's Who in State College
Revue. so chingasis and congrats to all, especially the directors and the
SUPERB cast. One question-why not take it on the road?

Also we‘d like to congratulate those people who had enough LIFE
to get off their "black bottoms“ and get dressed up and in the groove.
We hear that there will even be another Twenties Weekend. Let's keep
up the spirit!

COULD I BE HAPPY WITH YOU?

Ah Spring. of which we've talked for hours,

Dear season of baseball. love and ﬂowers,

By Good King Charlie's frosty hair. I vow. you crouch within

your lair.

To pounce when we are least aware—you know. that's ieally

not quite fair

To we with patience. past repair.

The prize most treasured 'neath the sun,

We’ve saved for you March Twenty-one.

For on that day Spring docs begin. And clears the sno ' as it

edges in.

Bringing mud and floods with a hearty din, We've awaited you

on needle and pin.

Where in Hades have you bccn????
DON’T WANT TO STAY WITH ['5 BLUES

Yes. it‘s here, and with the sprouting oi' those daring little shoots
which line Richardson's Promenade, we have the shooting (down) of
those daring litilc sprouts who come to look over our campus to decide
whether they’ll call this place home. or room. You know—“Prospective
Frosh! If they yearn to travel we've got the hottest thing since the
Black Hole of Calcutta our very own Commons. And for those oi‘ the
Dunkiii's Fine sci voila. the cafeteria. And for the frosh who like to
devour a chapter or two of Tolstoy each teatime. we have the library.
which, if the ('onibiiialion is figured out within the four years. permits
them to borrow books. The cause of ihesc ('ili)l('i‘ i-yi-soi'es? Try the
mirror test. This common itl'lpc is soil-llllllt'if'd. self-reflective, and sell-
destructive.

FANCY l"()lt(ilu"l"l‘ll\'(i

Yesterday someone was going through a mailbox and came across
an envelope addresm-d to Charles licckwiih ‘55. They were his marks.
Well. Chin-k did pass. but (‘iimpns Commission didn't Among other
notes that were found were it hast postscript “Meet me at the river
Cleo." ii ilycr advertising Ye 'l‘rilgcdie oi' Macbeth a! the "Globe" and
iimptccn others.

Qt'lfS’l‘lON Oi“ ’l‘lil'l WI‘ZICK

Which ()llt‘ are you gelling?

College Calendar

FRIDAY. M.\lt(‘li L’l
7:30 pm l’iii Della l)iiie l’ai'iy Lillie Bavaria Cliib
8:00 pm (iiilillllii Kuppu i’lii llaie Party. Full ()i'aiigc Club.
0 00 pm lli'l.it Zeta Formal, Aiii'iiiiia Club
SA’l‘l'liliAi'. MAIN‘II 7373
2:00 pm Phi Delta Jaw. Coni'ei'i, Phi Delta llousc.
(lamina Kappa Jaw. Concert. (lamina Kappa lloiisc.
(lamina Kappa i"iii'llltii, Circle lllll.
iii-iii Zeta Utili' i’uriy. Coi'iiic Hotel. ’il5 Broadway.
Phi Delta li‘oi'iiial. (iliiss liake Hotel I
MONDAY. MARCH 24
4:00 |).lll. SMILES Meeting, Draper Bil.
ii:00 pm Sigma Alpha Coii'ee flour.

Psi (iaiinnii-KB Coffee Hour. Kl-l House.
0:30 pm. Chi Sigddiﬂl" Coil'ei- Hour. 415 Stiiio Street.
'l‘lllilb‘liitY, MARCH 25
8:00 pm. Oral Inwrpretaiion. Draper 340.

 

 

ii :00 p.in.

 

 

 

'l’
.
t
V
p
.
V
\
y ,
\
.
t
.
t
t
.
.
.
i
Q I

 

STATE

 

7/13 @pen Mimi

 

Hy ART l’LO’l‘NlK

In my desperate attempt this
week to write. the ﬁrst Open Mind
of the month that would please
many people. I came, upon three
alternatives: to say the hell with
people, to not write a column. or to
write a column with a little some-
thing for each of fill kinds of weird
and ordinary people. Upon medita-
tion, I realized that people are too
funny to dispel and too eager for
niii)ihi*i"s failure for me lo give-up.
but just crazy and diversified
enough to digest the rcgurgiiaiable
offering below. You read?

1. For nice neople with a secret
lust for new morbid jokes:

"Mommy. do I have to drink this
loiniito juice?"

“Shut up and drink ii.
clots!"

before it

. . . ll
23. l‘or nicer people that like mor-

bid jokes that are not morbid:

“Mommy. do we have to go to
liliirope?"

"Shut up and keep swimming!"

ll. For people that know I ride a
bicycle:

"Look of
bike!"

“Shin
bars!"

«i. For people that love Myskzinia
or simple rhyme:

“Mommy. what
mean?"

"Red tapes. bla:'k drapes. thirteen
apes. and sour grapes."

 For English scholars that like
surprises:

Believe it if you wish to.

, Deny ii. if you can:
Shakespeare was a. woman:
Dickinson a man!

0. For Math scholars that know
not what a surprise is:
The limit of a sum of a series of

College Band
Holds Concert
NextFnday

'llic State College Band. directed
by Charles F. Stokes. Professor of
Nil'sli'. will plav in Page Hall next
Frig'iiy ill 1 pm. The program is
ili‘lll’ sp: llSi’il'Hl by Mi‘sic Council.
Selections

'lli'i seieciioiis they will play in»-
:ludc: March—The Booster, by J.
(l. Klein. ;\('l‘o'-..s the Wide Missouri.
The lirii- (Hindi, ltlziek is the (‘olor
oi' My True Love's Hair. Whoopce
'li-Yi-Yo ((ii-i Along. Little Dog‘ies).
by Harold l.. Walters. {\Iarch—l’lay—
fellow by Henry Fillmore; March—
(luecn (fly by W [-1. Boom; Lo
Mascarzida by llarold Wailers. Air
for Band by l‘l'ullix' l‘il‘l(‘i~15()ll; Sym-
phonic lepngnole I'Jxecrpis by l.:ilo-
(illl'iiili'l': March of the Slide. ’l‘roin-
bones bv llayiiioiid Si-oi!
lliici

'l'liri'i' M'if‘i'llinlh oii lill' \ioliii and

holly Ploinik. riding a
up or gel off the handle-

(loes Myskaniu.

piano \\lii he played by iif‘l'llt‘l'i.
\ioii-ii ili)\\'.ll‘(l '0! and ltoiiuld
Mai-kay, Albany iill‘il School "fill.
i'isi‘t‘i'ilH‘it'.

(iavoiii': 19.37 and Three Little

Waltzes. the his! i\\o selection.» \\‘l‘l'i'
ii.iiipo:.<~i iii Hoiiiild Markov 'l’lii'
«flier phi-4' i~ Houvi'nlr (le Wicniaw—
ski in WiiiLiiii llziesi'lii-

 

'[lzsty
’l‘oiimto
Juice
at
the
SNACK
BAR

 

 

complex polynomials as the variable
approaches a third order inﬁnity is
the integral of the hairy female leg.
7. For Chemistry students that
know a neutron from a hole-in—the-
ground:
A hole in the ground contains mil-
lions oi' protons and one whole child.
8. For unhappy (‘ommeree schol-
ars:
I knew :i smirking file—clerk.
Thai. smiled when handed dirtywork.

9. For Apartment Dwellers:

If you haven‘t been able to dis—
pose of your ashes even though your
garbage is stolen twice each week.
you‘ll be happy to know iliiit ashes
are collcciid by the :-ii.y whenever
the roads are being repaired (you'd
betlcr dump them behind the piano
l ih1' Commons or somewhere).
l0. For pessimists and optimists:
The column is finished. but W.’I‘.
is open.

COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MARCH 21.

1958

PAGE 3

Class Presents Hasty Food For Thought—
ReadingsDuring Confusion, Corn And Cabinet

By ROBERT BACKER

English Evening

The third evening of readings for
the second semester will be pre-
sented by the class in Oral Inter-
pretution of Literature Tuesday at
8 pm. in Draper 349.

According to Agnes E. Futterer.
Professor oi' English, students read-
ing for the program are Cecil Bluni
'59. coached by Joseph F.ynn '58.
reading two speeches from “Saint
Joan" by Show; Carol Waldron '59.
:oached by James Ayer '59, reading
Kipling's "How the Whale Got His
Throat"; Rhoda Levin '60, coached
by Gloria Meyer '59. reading “The
Prophet” by Kahlil Gibran; Barbara
Hillniiin '59, coached by Ellen Fitz~
[\iltl'h'k '59, reading Robert Brown-
ing's "Pompeiia"; and Allen Pryor
'59. coached by Lillian Ferraro.
Grad. reading Shaw‘s “Dear Doro-
ihen." Gail Hogan and James Ayer,
Juniors. from the Oral Interpreta—
iioii of Drama class. will present
Euripides "Medea."

Your Coffee Might Be Cold, So Get
Another Cup. Get in It, and Then
Sit Down and Read This. . . .

Many writers or persons of liter-
ary talent may often try to say
something behind a mask of words.
'Ihev try to be subtle, attempt to use
satire and even poke innocent fun.
It's quite apparent that these writ—
crs want to say something or else
they wouldn't write, would they?

How's your coffee? Cold? Well. eat
your cup. or better yet. try the arm
of the person sitting next to you
right now—even if she or he is a
King Farouk.

Are you smart enough to see
what's behind an article or do you
just read the lines? Of course this
is Albany State We know what to
read into any article that's printed
around here.

Still With l’s‘.’

Last week at ii meeting of the
newly elected 11 should have
said appointed, but I'm saiii'ixing!)
Caliimt. they served seaweixi Juice
and manhole covers. Th- one I

had (the manhole cover) had cream-
ed garlic on it. This was right in
keeping with the character of the
meeting and the Cabinet members.
(By this I mean the meeting was bit-
ter—no. idiot, I did not eat the
meeting).

Next Course

Most stately writers pull tricks
like the one I used in the sentence
with garlic and cabinet members,
only I had a kind heart and told
you what I meant so you didn't
confuse yourself with devices of
symbolism or satire. If you are now
confused. go buy a container of
chocolate milk, open the container,
throw the milk away. and put the
empty container into the mouth of
the person nearest you (by this de-
vice you are able to keep that per-
son quietwisee how easy it is?).

If you think you're confused now
wait till you've been to a formal in
the bark mom of Bi'u— (no. not the
wrestling room, but the one down—
stairs that‘s filled with garbage
cans).

 

  

 

 

light into that

Only bM gives you
this filter iad— {
the patent number
on every pack- 
...your guarantee of
0 more effective filter
on today’s l‘M.

“Yodll be sillin’ on top of'fhe

l

 

V/n/zm/ ./,,v«r//)«41//I y.....¢/y Hyuw/ﬁ
Mm.  0.. .mp7 Wm” [mu/Wt Wm
M, Mm... A” // I ma i. mun.”

world ’when you change to liillli

 

 

_ Best tastin’ smoke you’ll ever ﬁnd!

Put yourself behind the pleasure end of" an L&M. Get the flavor, the
full rich taste of the Souihliii'id’s finest cigarette tobaccos. The. patented

Miracle Tip is pure white inside, pure white outside, as a ﬁlter
should be for cleaner, better smoking.

©1968 Liouu‘i‘i‘ 6; Limits ’i‘ousm‘o Co.

 

 

 

