 

PAGE 2

This And That . . .

The Thursday before vacation, the cabinet journeyed
out to Dean Hartley’s home for a dinner meeting. The
dinner was delicious; the meeting long. But it must be
admitted that it was nice to meet with the administration
in a setting quite apart from the college buildings. So
thank you, Mrs. Hartley, for opening your doors to a
ravenous crew of people. . . . -

John Yager brought back an interesting bit of news
from a conference he attended in Kentucky over vacation.
It seems that the student council of a certain college down
South impeached the editor of the newspaper for attempt-
ing to show both sides of the integration problem. This
is not to be considered as a precedent for State College!!!

Another interesting news item comes to us from that
old has-been Joe Szarek who informs us that Plattsburg
State men are now allowed to visit girls‘ dorms at the
dormitories until 1 a.m. on weekends. This is not to be
considered as a precedent for State College!!! (darn it)

Now for a short complaint. We realize you‘re all busy,
hard-working students, but it might be nice to return your
coffee cups and dishes and deposit your "refuse in the
provided receptacles” in the cafeteria. And the Commons’
newly waxed ﬂoors aren’t really improved by putting your
Cigarettes out on the floor. And must you play bridge in
the cafeteria during the lunch rush? And if you don’t
want to save your State College News to wallpaper your
walls some day. don't throw them on the floor and trample
on them. It's like trampling on our hearts . . . (sniff) . . .
That’s what's bothering us. brother . . .

Everybody is overdrawing their budgets . Fed is
having Peddy problems due to the fact that four colored
pages were ordered without even the Fed staff‘s know-
ledge . . . and Senate has to vote the extra from surplus
whether they like it or not . . . such control over ﬁnances
is eye-opening.

Another clever bit of financing was the fact that the
Photo Service is paying back their $700 loan from Student
Association with money from the Fed Budget. So here we
are paying back a loan to Student Association with money
appropriated from Student Association. A vicious circle . . .
circle. . . .

Rivalry Bill . . .

The new Rivalry Bill was raked over the coals in
Senate Wednesday night, but it was critical, constructive
criticism that was given by the Senators. The new plan
for a three week rivalry program is a far cry from the old
one. Everyone feels that it is a needed change, and we.
to parallel the change, agree!

We hope that everyone, and that means you. will make
an attempt to see what the rest of the new changes are.
Will Myskania serve on the Red Kangaroo Court? Will there
be “Fun Days”? Laugh cherubs, but these may, we hope.
be your traditions. We know you can’t pass traditions;
they’re something that evolve. But by passing this bill
you‘re helping to at least implant in the minds of the
incoming freshman class that these “traditions” are an
important part of State College. So for a change, be in-
terested. It doesn’t hurt, honest.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916

BY THE CLASS OF l918

 

Second Place ACl’
April 10, 1058 No.

NEWS stall may he reached Moiiiiii‘. lticsdiiy and Wednesday
2-3320, l‘in ll Phones |“ll/.p.il.iltk Ii‘lii'l-l. Alitc 12-7030. Kninpl

First Place CSPA
Vol. XLIII

Members of the
from 7 to ll p in at
2—0070

'liie
published every
As-uciation
AIAIIY I’I'I'ZI'A'I‘IIICK - ‘ - - - - - - ~ — I‘Jiiltor-Iii-(liilt-I
MARIE DE'I‘TMEH n - - - - ~ — - - Executive Co—Etlitur
JOSEPH SZAREK ~ - s - — - ‘ - - ' liaecutlvo (Jo-Editor
MAIILENIC ACKI‘JRMAN ~ - v — - - » ~ Managing Editor
CAILUI. AL'I'IC — - - - - - - - - Business Advortis‘lng Editor
ANN III'I‘CIICOCK - - - - < - - Business Advertising Consultant
MAIHT JEN’I‘OI*"|‘-NIImliN - - - ~ - - - Associate. Editor
MARY ELLEN JOHNSON . ~ - - - - < - - Associate Editor
JAMES McIIllGII - - - - - - - - - - — Associate Editor
ELIZABETH SPENCER — < - - - - ‘ — - - Associate Editor
MONICA TEAHKUS - - - - - - - Associate ‘

_.

'l'uiieiicis.
Hlliticll!

York State. College ior

undergraduate newspaper oi the New
the NIILWH IiDili‘d for the

Friday of the. College year by

JOHN QUIRK - - - - - ~~ - - ~ - I'ulille. Itclations Editor
ARTHUR I’LO'I‘NIK — - - - ~ r - - ~ - ~ Feature. Editor
ROBERT KAMI'I“ < ~ - - - - - - - - ~ Sports Editor
[ADIES IIOIKHII‘IIC'I‘ Y - - - a - - » - (lo-Sports I‘LtIilor
IOIIN (lo-Sports Editor

LEWIS ~ - - — - - - - -
— v — - - Consultant Sports Editor

V- Circulation-Itixchango Editor
PHOTOGRAPHY - - - - - - - - State College Photo Service

A communications should be. addressed to the editor and must be signed. Names
will be withheld on request. The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions expressed in its columns or communications, Its such expressions do not

necessarily reﬂect its views.
0%“

ROBERT KAMI’I“ -
GRACE ENGEIIS - - i - . . _ .

Alch
ATTENTION ORGANIZATIONS:

There will be a meeting Thursday,
April 24. at 4 p.m., of representatives
of iill College organizations desiring
dates on the Social Calendar for
next year. 1958-59. The room num-
ber will be posted at school. Please
bring a list of dates (with alterna-
tive dates) so that a tentative
schedule may be compiled.

emum'ooliamt

To the Students at State:

I can never adequately express to
you my gratitude and heartfelt
thanks for all your kindness to me
during my recent enforced “vaca-
tion.” Your cards and notes, your
flowers, your candy and gifts. your
visits. and the visits you wanted to
make but refrained from making
because that too would help—all
these things told me you missed me
and wanted me to htiry back. But
the routine of your lines was not
greatly altered by my absence while
mine was completely changed.

 

 

There were things I missed tee——
the fun of State Fair, meeting y )ur
parents during Parents' Weekind,
seeing The Boy Friend, chaperoring
the Phi Delta. Spring Formal, the
meetings of Forum and Pi Gamma
Mu, my classes. marking mid-semes-
ter exams. but most of all I missed
YOU—the Students of State College.

Sincerely.
Catherine Newbold

To the Editor

We have noted all the criticism
you have received on your paper
since you have been editor and we
would like to take an opposite view—
point. We think yoti are a marvel-
ous editor. and that. yoti are doing
a remarkable job.

We think your editorials are
simply splendid. We think your
proofreading is grand. We like the
whole style of the paper.

Please continue excellent

work !

your

Mr. and Mrs. Fitzpatrick

 

(Wild! (opera
By Barbegellata A (lebhardi

In answer to your questions about
why Art Palazzolo is no longcr writ-
lll'l, this article we now have the
answer. He was ousted by Student.
Senate for not, maintaining a 2.5
average.

PALACE

Bridge On the River Kwal~vYou
may not have heard too much about
this dark horse academy award
winner so we will try to ﬁll you in.

Three outstanding performances
by Holden. Hawkins and Guinness
make this a movie to remember.
To Hell with the. i'oriiuils and cock-
tail parties this weekend get cul-
tured you idiots. Seriously though
we can only find fault with the
semi-Hollywood ending. Unfortun-
ately Hollywood will never let end—

ings go by without revision. To get yearn to burn.

the best Version read the book.

LELAND

The One That (iot Away. Voted
by Better Homes and Garbage as
the stliiker oi the week Diana Dors,
I‘iliuliilltl'h answer to Lend—Lease.

~tai‘s in Illl' \(‘t'iillti (Il‘il'llf‘iltill, An
Alligator Named Daisy. Miss Ij)ors
(Int-r not play the role of the alli-

:iiloi‘ ax acting ability was needed
lll this part. I‘l(i\\'i‘\'l‘l' liei' appear-
once \\lII make this movie a must
for the gullible type male who is
hooked by sexy billboard advertise-
ments.

STRAND

The Young Lions-From all re-
ports which is a sly way of saying
that we. haven't seen the picture)
this is a top flight movie. Brando is
cxr-ellcnt. Dean Martin finally joins
the ranks of good acting. and Mont-
gomery Clift is outstanding.

DELAWARE

The Awakeningv-Anna Magnani is
back in town. The Daily News
stopped printing Lana’s Love Letters
long enough to give this movie four
stars. Our opinion: for Mag‘iiaiii
fans a treat. for all others a treat-
merit.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. APRIL 18. 1958

 

 

Gammon-Stain  l

3‘
.3!

By SEYMOI'R and (‘AFARO ""
{if
I never saw a man who looked with such a wistful eye
Upon that little ten of blue which prisoners call the sky . . . Oscar Wilde
PRACTICING SCHREECHING

Since one of our goals in writing this column is to motivate. we oilcr
the folowing inspiring song (done in true Cold Quarter stylet. which \\t‘
dedicate to practice teachers—bleSs ‘em!

You're the tops—You're a regular nursemaid. You‘re the tops-You
are worked but tinpaid. You’re a data sheet. you‘re always neat and
staid. You‘re progessive ed. you‘re what Dewey sal<le0UItE VISI'AI.
AIDES.

You‘re the tops~You're evaluation. You’re the tops~You‘re our
recreation. How you motivate. scintilate and what‘s more. you‘re today's
objectives. tomorrow‘s C01"I‘9Ctl\'€S——-TIIE WHOLE DAMN CORE.

You're the tops~You're administration. You're the tops—
gross constipation. You‘re curriculum, you‘re tediuni—a laugh.
a lesson plan. a. guidance man,

a lesson plan. a guidance man—YOU’RE MIMEOGRAI’II.

You're the tops~You're a faculty lunchroom, with a crewwthcy‘ri-
what's left from Tut‘s Tomb. You are Hutchin‘s book, the principal'.~
look iyour friend i.

So farewell ed. fiends and rovers~ it's THE END.

LOVE'S LABORS WON

Double. double. toil and trouble, students learn and professor bubbit
Well. we may not he the weird sisters. but we‘ve got a prophecy or two
to make eftsoons. So. in damned readers—this is a dagger you St‘i'
before yoti. and listen as we tell a tale, full of sound and fury, signify
mgr lots of things. We'll to Richardson to lear at the new king oi
English. as we laud on MaCtdufft and give our own crown of Scone.
the Chingasi. to Dr. Rich.

AND NOW WRITE THE NUMBER THAT YOU HEAR . . .

This week the 60. Seniors once again were pitted against. lllllt‘
other schools through the unusual device—the Achievement Test—a-thon
Will we get to keep otir gummy stickers or will we slip down a notch
on the pedagogical totempole? It wasn‘t the writer's cramp that an—
noyed us half as much as kit‘inappinz,r the average 15-year-old Mlllll‘
girl. Well, how else do yeti find out how long she takes to (lo a 50 yard
dash"? She was a gamey little sport. though! Send Wrcathcs!!

I'AI) SDRAWKCAB

Backwards Day?
mg in that direction!
BE SEEING YOl' AROI'ND THE WAD

Pierce can have its ladies. and Brii. its babes. The new addition to
the quad on Western Ave. has its WAD Squad «no relation to liioi‘uls‘i
better known as the 88 little crumbs of Mrs. Grahstaim's Cracker Hm
These girls are sometimes mistaken for bathing,r beauties because 
their bored-walk. Bored or not, they have to be praised for puma“
their State Exam in Laundering Arts. Now all the little WADS .tit
99 44 100'} ptirc»~like their Ivory Soap.

ANSWER OF THE WEEK

THERE ARE x" tti'iiiislated into the lower case 32).
to do is discover the question and you'll be educated.
LOVERS AND Sl'NS

Vllow many of State's III-Il‘illi‘ti rot is it, Fates ill—StatedI one» an
stillering from the slow burn that is those who have one or those at:
Wt: hear that quite a few Statci's cliiiibcd aboard ilt'
Illll‘tl~\\'iii4tiii and sachetcd south for liastcrs flaming fling. 'l‘hc :i't’lt'
ior sucess involves boring the can at both ends and liquitting all umct
And you'd be surprised at the glow you L'l‘i as the flame dies and 
start rebuilding your burned bridges.
l.lu‘\'I~ZNWOR’l‘ll LOSIu‘S

Rumble from the Billlltlt‘l'\\'tii‘l(i iii-ramp iill‘ lilciitiiimtion ('iiiii
or Replace the lace and leave the space

College Calendar

FRIDAY, Al’ltll. iii
1:00 pm. Alpha lilpsilon Meeting. Draper 340
Vt‘ii‘l'liilii' Society Meeting. Draper 210.
I“l‘t‘ﬁillllt‘ll Class Mi‘t‘lllli;, Page.
Chaiiiiing Club Evening, ’l'cmpic lit-tit l:.‘iiicth.
Kappa Delta Formal, Wolfort's lioost.
Chi Sigma Theta Formal. Huraiiia Club.
SA’I‘I‘ItDAY, APRIL 19
0:00 p.111. Sigma Alpha Dance. Sunset. inn.
Sigma Phi Sigma Formal, (llass Lake. Hotel.
SI‘NDAY. APRIL 20
7.30 (Polttcr Club Open llouse.
.. p.iri ‘oe'c l  ' ‘ " "
TUESDAY. 1‘?“th Iggiidbook Meeting, Bitibaihci.
7:30 pm. NYSC’l‘A Meeting, Briibacher.
8:00 pm. Dr. A. C. thlemoyei' to speak on Molecular Interaction,
Draper 349.
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 23
8:30 pm. D&A presents two-one act plays, Page Hall.

 

You 'i'c
You're

Will' 110” EVC‘l'l'thing else seems to be ljl'iiiil‘t‘ﬁ‘

All you it: .I

 

 

 

8:00 pm.
9:00 pm.

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY. APRIL 18.

 

Spat/W

0n stale I

By RICHARD KENDALL

If there were a power structure
at State College. there is little
doubt that Prof. Edwin Adkins
would occupy a place of protnin—
ence in the hierarchy. As Director
of General Education and Chair—
man of the Education Dept, Dr. Ad-
kins has official responsibility for
these singularly important facets of
the college program. Yet the mag-
nitude of his influence cannot be
justly measured in terms of post—
tional status; the pervasive insight
and quiein controlled dynamism of
this man lead one to conclude that
his counsels have a wide audience.

Versatility

Versatility, or more precisely the
ability to bring executive talents to
bear on a wide variety of problems.
is the hallmark of Dr. Adkins. The
closed circuit TV experiment, which
initially was somewhat amiss. has
been rounded nicely into shape by
Dr. Adkins” planning and coordin-
ating efforts. The future of TV
teaching seems hopeful. but coaxial
cable or not. Dr. Adkins maintains
that there is no substitute for a.
competent and skilled teacher in
the process of education.

Comments
On the subject of teachers and
education, Dr. Adkins. himself a

teacher for sortie years in both sec—
ondary schools and colleges. offers
some thoughtful and frank coin-
nients. With a slight touch of ire,
he dismisses as “nonsense and hys-
teria" the contention that Ameri-
can public schools have failed the
nation in the race to gain intellec-
tual as well as material superiority
ll‘ the Age of Sputnik. “American
schools reflect the society they teach
and serve." says Dr. Adkins. and a
system that teaches all American
youth “cannot, be expected to make
everyone a scieiitist——siiiiply because
abilities and aptitudes vary."

Optimistic Note

With the note of positive optim-
ism which seems so characteristic
of him, Dr. Adkins points to the ac~
complishinents of the modern
schools A acetiinplishments due in
great. part to the increasingly high
caliber of teachers being trained in
the teachers‘ colleges. As a PhD. in
history. a teacher, and an adminis—
tratcr. Dr. Adkins is competent to
judge the quality of education, and
with some pride he feels that State
studints rank equally with students
throughout the nation. The charge
t‘uit. studtnts in icachcrs‘ colleges
are the least. fit. to be educated, let
alone teach. is in Dr. Adkins‘ opin-
lzll "simply not, true."

Office States
Degree Rules

Any Senior or (iratiuatc studcnt
wl o finished a tlcgi'ec in August
1037, January 10:38. (I' who expects
to finirh :1 degree this June. should
check the list. outside of Draper 103
to be sure of the spelling of his
name and the degree earned These
lists were compiled from the dc-
grce order cards filled in at regis—
tration time. If you have never filed
a card you must do so at once.

Fees

The Business Office will receive
fees: slot) for the diploma and $3.00
for the tea-clung certificate. Wed-
nesday. ’l‘o pity fees in person can-
diiiatcs must. present. themselves to
Di‘itlicl' 100 on that. (late, Fees may
be paid by mail any tune until
'l‘liui'sduy Virtually all students
graduating, lll .Jtme are entitled to
certification, either permanent or
provisional, and should therefore be
paying the entire $7.00 fee.

(‘crtiflciition

Certification is available through
the college for August and January
graduates earning Master’s degrees
With a secondary teaching field or
Business majors receiving it Buch-
elor of Science degree.

Seniors And Graduate Students
Ronald A. Dickson, Jl‘., ’I‘cucliei'
Placement Officer. announces that
any Senior or (lrad who has secur-
ed a teaching or any other position
for September 1598 should report it
to the Teacher Placement Office at
once, if he has not done so already.

An articulate and poised conver-
sationalist with the pleasantly ap-
parent vestiges of a West Virginia
drawl, Dr. Adkins displays a busy
confidence which is seemingly un-
disturbed by a full and tightly ar-
ranged sehedule of conferences and
meetings. Our modern other-direct-
ed society requires a unique type
of executivewa group-conscious co-
ordinator rather than a commander
~~aiid Dr. Adkins. with the recog-
nition that “the frontier is closed
and a growing. complex society
creates new problems," appears to
bethat type: alert to civic respon-
sibility and active in community
affairs, cognizant of all job-prob-
hills and adept at their solution
through judicious delegation of pow-
ers. and understanding of the in-
terdependence engendered in group
dynamics. All these qualities. and
for Dr. Adkins one more: the int/er-
est to find in a crowded schedule
time for an interview with a stu-
dent reporter.

 

 

effective ﬁlter

lighi info that

You get a more

Albany Tulip
Festival Seeks

Student Queen

A tulip queen is needed for Al-
bany's annual Tulip Festival. The
queen will reign over the annual
festival to take place next month.

Application Deadline

State College girls who are in-
terested in becoming Tulip Queen
should apply in the Student Per-
sonnel Ofﬁce. April 30 has been
set as the deadline for applications.

Application Information

Applicants for election of queen
are to give the following informa-
tion: name. address, occupation or
school. date of birth, and phone
number. Girls are requested to list
any awards. accomplishments or un-
usual facts about themselves.

Photo

A photo suitable for newspaper
publication must be submitted with
all applications. These photos will
be returned on request.

 

 

4,.

Smokes
cleaner

re...

  

‘ best

FILTERS

 

Tastes

noqu I leb‘u 'OBACCQ ca.

1958

Cabinet:

 

Cabinet Continues Hearings
On Organization Budgets

By DAVID FOTHERINGHAM

An air of stability and smooth
sailing dominated the Cabinet
meeting this week.

Foreign Trends

First on the agenda was a report
from President Yager concerning
his visit to Kentucky University. He
noted the great advances of that
institution in terms of its student
union building, its coliseum and
program in sports, and the many
other developments so common to
other State Universities.

Yager said to take it for what
it was worth. It's worth quite a bit.
New York State is one of the rich-
est states in the union. but it hasn‘t
met with the competition offered
by other states in terms of facilities.
Kentucky is btit one of many ex-

amples.
Budgets

Hearings are just beginning. Six
weeks remain for them to reach

and pass the Senate. Of the 13 bud-

YOU'I I be sillin' 01°th world when you change to IBM

     
 

   

gets Yager has seen. the requested
appropriations have risen from
$19,000 to $26,000, in round figures.
Rivalry

The mechanics of the proposed
rivalry rules received a poor recep-
tion, but the general objectives were
readily accepted. The Senate has
it now.

I.I). Cards?

There Is still some question as to
whether next year's ID. Cards will
be like this year or whether they
will be part of our registration
forms. At any rate. no attempt
seems to be in the making to re-
tain the pictures which have been
so valuable in the past. What does
the Senate say?

And . . .

Athens U. sent thanks for gift-—
State has funds for State St.—Now
where's the Dept. of Public Works
“Cafeteria wasn't painted. Hmmm.

  
   

 
 

 
 
 

.er/ “11/ //1Itmmm yaw/(g Irina”?
Mirna ##4##"; ykmv/ ammo/a gym.
J7. t Mmé  “Ml .A/ . it. Jail/514W

Best tastin’ smoke you’ll ever ﬁnd!

Put yourself behind the pleasure end of an L&M. Get the ﬂavor, the
full rich taste of the Southland’s finest cigarette tobaccos. The patented
Miracle Tip is pure white inside, pure white outside, as a ﬁlter
should be for cleaner. better smoking.

on today’s L&M

look for the patent number" " .
on every puck...your

assurance that you are getting
l‘II's exclusive ﬁltering action

 
 

rtillus

 

 

©1968 Liuiuc'i‘r t’i Mrsas 'l‘oiiAceo Co.

 

 

 

 

