 

auﬁlm.) ,Wm

‘1

 

PAGE 2

Look Back In Anger . . .

This is perhaps the most difﬁcult editorial we have

had to write as co—editors of this newspaper. We say this
because it is our last as editors of the State College News.
We cannot honestly close our volume with a ﬂurry of sad
farewells and crocodile tears. And we have several rea-
sons. . . .
T Government under our present Student Association
is a farce. The new SA Constitution was drawn up in hopes
of cutting down on the emphasis on the mechanics of gov—
ernment, and creating one which would be truly repre-
sentative of the whole student body.

So, what has happened? Nothing. The Student Senate,
like the Student Council of not-so-iong-ago, continues to
bog itself down in setting up elections, appointing Revue
Committees, and deciding whether or not the ﬁlm group
can keep its bulletin board.

Actually, as far as we are concerned, our student gov.
ernment under the new SA Constitution never even got
off the ground. Someone seems to have reversed the con-
tent of the Constitution. As we understand it. the Student
Senate is the policy-making branch of our government.
Certainly such questions as intercollegiate football and
drinking in fraternity houses are questions of policy. Why
the Cabinet, and not the Senate discussed these issues is
beyond us. Or is the Senate to be the tool of the Cabinet?

Myskania has also failed to live up to our expectations
this year. Constitutionally, they are to interpret the SA
Constitution. It is evident that our document needed in-
terpretation this semester. We received none

Several weeks ago we editorially suggested a meeting
of all branches of government to discuss the philosophy
upon which our SA Constitution was founded The sugges-
tion fell on deaf ears. We heard some paltry excuses—“no
time," “the group would be too big, etc.”~—reasons which
wouldn’t even hold a kleenex.

Enough rabble-rousing, we suppose. Time for “con-
structive thoughts." Here we go. . . .

1) A meeting at the very beginning of the next stu-
dent administration to discuss philosophy.

2) A demand by the Senate that they handle "policy
matters,” while the Cabinet checks on the proper func-
tioning of the mechanics of student government. After
all, it seems that policy decisions affect the student body,
and. the student body doesn't even elect the Cabinet.

3) To the next Myskania: Be a body of thirteen Earl
Warrens. Be on your judicial toes. Take the initiative. If
you feel something is wrong, do something about it.

4) To the student body: elect ofﬁcers who will ﬁll out
their term of ofﬁce. We know some who became disgusted
'way back in October, and forgot you.

Next on the agenda for Student Association is the
February elections for all class and SA offices. Once again
we are to be faced with a candidate drought Well, it’s
going to be plenty of work next semester for our would-be
politicians. Much that hasn't been done so far will be piled
on top of current work. We will need competent, strong
ofﬁcers. It is up to you, Student Association, to see that
we get these officers.

Before we leaVe, we offer one last thought for future
consideration: did anyone ever think of' really cn'ipowering
Inter-fraternity and sorority councils, so that someday in
the future they would run studcnt government.J A good
start would be sorority-fraternity coalitions in backing
candidates for office. Also a good start for political par—
ties, huh?

Well, that's it “gang,” wc‘Vc had fun, but we‘re tired.
See you around the Commons

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

lc‘glAbLlszkD MAY I'Jlij

HY Il1l: CLASS ()I' l‘JI7

 

["ii'hi “hi. I: (‘SI'A Hi i oiiil l‘l.ii t‘ Aljl'

VOL XLII -l.ill|liii‘. lo. liloii Ni, 3;,

Mciidiii oi i .‘il- .‘.’. ill  on i ‘.Ioi. i  1,, -, I” v, H‘

I] p :i. .ii.i: 1. ‘il ll‘ri . i. p i. .i ..' if". i--. ‘ i‘,.,,. i. ,,,, ,; or,”
Hziiri-r. .3 {Min iii m. o. f. ..' .i. 1'! i’. ..i p. J lilill

T! I: ohm i.,’i til mo lu  ,..,u of m. to  To... ,w.. .  I,” I, h NIL

l‘i.ilo oi ’  ,< ll  v ‘.i .'.i ii iiil l‘ll im ;;i.,di-iit

piiii.i~ilii-o i".l‘i.
Assuclilioi.

( o ldiiui in ('IIH‘I

to fiiitoi iii ('lilrl

iiii~iiicn \lI\|'lllh|lli" ludlliii
\smcliili- luditur

.tnoi Iilll' deitor

i'iihlic Iti'liitloiib ludltor
"t'itlllltf I.iiiloi

Sports I‘JIIIDI

i iii IIIAIIUII itch-ingr- I.ilitoi
Slati (Olll‘gl‘ I'Iioto .‘H'l\|l(‘

MAItl‘r. DI-{I 'I .\li'.It
JOSEI'II Sldlttilt

ANN lil'ltillf'OffK -
MAltldeid AL'KI'JUIAN
MARY I‘I'I‘ZI'A'I'IHL'K 7
JOHN (ll "(K - '
Alt/“Iii” I'LO'I'NIK
ltOlfhlt'l' KAMI‘I' r
tilt/Nil. I.Nlll‘.l,S

l'fIO‘itHilttl’IlY
All (.(lllllll‘ili-iil‘.Ufi. noun or iiil’lfl:..4ll io 'l.l' Ili.‘iil .i..i .. .i Ul‘ ;,.,; Hi Hm,”
Will be uiinimiii on iconml ’iiii: S'lfi'lli. liii.l.i-.(il-. I»i'i>'.‘.:.  ..i.i. i.o ll' poi.. opt,
{or opinions. i:2ipii:...i:il ii. it. column, or ill-lilIi‘iI-l i’i/i. , i. . . i. .Api.-;,,,i,i,-, (p, “A
necessarily reflect .i,», you.»

‘"‘t;i"»‘l‘l"“ '

 

 

 

 

 

 

7a 7/... cap.

To edit the STATE COLLEGE
NEWS is not an easy task. It in-
volves more than simple technical
knowledge. A good paper depends
upon the editors for leadership and
guidance for its success. You have
never let the NEWS Board down in
this respect. The quality of the
papers published during your edi-
torship prove this.

Your editorial policy has been a
living force in every aspect of our
school activities. And this is as it
should be. Feel proud of your con-
tribution to the college. It has been
a worthy one.

Your last issue of the NEWS has
been completed. It can be added now
to the long,r tradition of successful
editions of the STATE COLLEGE
NEWS. We congratulate you and
thank you for a job well done.

_ . |
I (refute! (Wu I
By ART PALAZZOLO

PALACE

Peyton Place with Lana Turner,
Lloyd Nolan, Arthur Kennedy and
Terry Moore. “The town . . . the
people cveryone's talking about!"
The movie is based on the best
seller of the same name. Anyone
who's read the book might well
wonder how they could get away
with it. Well. it was easy. They just
omitted the "earthy" passages to get
the film past the Hayes Office.
These omitted parts undoubtedly
contributed heavily to the book's
phenomenal success. Some people
wil be disappointed with the pic-
ture.
STRAND

Sayonara starring Marlon Brando.
Patricia Owens, Red Buttons, Ricar-
do Montiilban, Martha Scott, and
Miyoshi Uineki. Marlon is an
American pilot on leave in Japan
after duty in Korea. “You will see
the most thrilling action of this
generation!" Not quite, but it's a
passable movie, if you can bear with
the unusual Brando mumbling with
an added southern drawl.
LELAND

Motorcycle Gang. If you think to—
day's teenagers are wild, you ain't
seen notliiii‘ until you see what they
can do wilh a fleet of cycles. Also
showing is Sorority Girl. "Uncen-
sored" Girls. before taking the big
step. see the pitfalls and evils which
befall these Greek gals. It's heart-
rcnding!
ltl’l‘Z

"Double Monster Show!” The (‘y-
clops and Daughter of Dr. Jekyll.
’l‘his gal is a living, breathing,
creeping doll.
MADISON

Hunchback of Notrc Danie with
Anthony Quinn and Gina Lollo-
brigidii. It’s heart-rendmg! The
second feature Last of the Badmen
with George Montgomery, only don‘t
you bciicve it! You ain't siren the
fist of lhe l)11(lllll‘li by a long Sight.
DELAWARE

(icrvaisc \vilh Marni Scheli. An-
olhcr forcign import Volcd the
"licsi. l"iii'ciL’,ii I“lllii.”

€01dmunécidl£m

lo the liditor:

'l'iic l'lill‘ of .i cln s Ill llli‘ compo-
sition oi .i i‘iilll‘ifl’ is llizil oi llf'llll‘V-
iiig lho:.- iii-ccssilics that play no
iiiiiiL'ci' piiil in our liiliii'i-s Its coli—
iiibuiions hoih to if. ('lllhty incin-
iii's find i i lhr- iiiciiihcrs oi the i-ii—
liic colli'ici' lll'l‘ ll‘ll lo llll' iii'doi' iii
ti o l‘ who coii-pi'oiiii:..- ih.- c ass in
.i lini'l‘li m.o:nci', ; lass innsl lul—
lill ihc iiccd:. and dc .ii'cs oi ils clan-
poncnl. Io pi-rpctiiiiic liic ideals of
ii. pinpiscs l"oi‘ thc most purl, ‘il
llhh czx'ploir's llio c iii'ciis lli.il fil(’
- i'lil, siii'li fih illiiicch‘. liiiliipii'ls,
.ind pui'lics lloiicu'i. lhi-i’c .ii'c oili—
fl' lll'l'dh lhiit should l)!‘ csplorcd
ariiis tliiil lll'i llllll‘ll to tlicii' ill'll'
d='iiiic pursuits us well as their so—
cial piirsiiils And ll. is this lilil‘llcl‘
potion in iif‘Jltll‘lllll' is wcll as social
;;i-iivil.ii-s lh.il ciiii, pi-rhiips, suin~
inoii lnoi'c lllli‘l'l’Sl, of ('lllSh incin—
HIS, and millth more hillili'iil,
lif'l‘(l.>

liccuiisc we aspire to toneliiiipi. il,
1.. lilllii‘l'iilJVl‘ for us to l'cii.p lhc
l.i'iil'liLS of our liitciillod profession.
’ihis year the .hiiiior Class is initi-
“Hill, on uttciiipi io bi-coiiic iiizlive
ill the lif‘flfli‘illlf as we l iil‘: llll‘ social,
I-y sharing the l'lifltfilViH'S of the
«(loiilniiiml on I‘m/c .1, Column 1/

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. JANUARY 10. 1958

 

 

It’s February — 'Yes."

 

 

   

some blisters!"—Loretta Young
ENOUGH

Several times it has ')CCil brought to our attention, during our stir}.
as Commonstaters, that newspaper articles :.crvc a piirposedsome an-
to tickle the funny bone, sum" to inform. others to criticirc. But as ycl
we can see no need for people to use a newspaper coli;inn or. :in outicl
for their risque stories or thoughis. Sure! Such things are existent biii
that's no reason to publicize them! Just as we know Green Street 1:.
real and that politics are corrupt: so do we know sex is real! it docsn't
need to be put in writing. Why lower the rating of a good newspaper?
"X" FACTOR

"A" equals candidate, 
ficer, "D" equals poor officer.

"A" plus "B" equals  "A" minus "B" equals 
equal  But 5.000000 minus 4.999999 equals .000091.
AWAKENING

There's going to be an interesting event this afternoon :it one o‘clock.
Although it's technically :i Wrosh Class meeting, it's the type of thin*
that would even be worth while for the iipperclassiiicn. Bob BCLSCI"(.
past SA President is making it return appearance :it ’he poJium to
discuss the philosophy of student goieiiiiiient. To those- interested Lhi.~.
is a subject which. though a touchy one. will be weii handled ‘),v ;.
competent speaker. Also, Don McClain will discuss hn iiiosiiiinics oi
student government. He, no, is experienced in the field and will pic
sent some worthy material. Let's face it, folks! This is the kind of tliiiig,
we need more of——lct‘s see if we can li()lii".‘l.l_\' show .illiilt‘ enthusiasm
Let the leaders of the school. past and lil'Cht'lll. know that they're nol
the only interested ones!

MUf‘ll ADO ADOIT’I‘ NO'I‘IIING

The Greeks have been under much pressure lately. i‘bose coiicei'ncd
have not seen clearly the (lllli'l‘Ciin‘ between traditional collegiate events
of the sober ciiioling, illi'l tnc i'i-tiincd shenanigans of :i l'cw drui:'-:cn.
unintelligent i‘owdics who think they're funny. Just bee-iiisc a few of thc
latter bcioii,, lo fraternities, it does not mean that the fraternities ill"
prove. Many times individirils have been "chi'lmandcd 'Ul' misrepresent
lllL', their brolhcrs. 'l‘his sh iiild be rciilim'd llll(l iriiti-riiilies \lelilllil nol
not be called on the :iii'pcl bciorc if is known which events tlii'v ill"
sponsoring. .

Sicondly, drinking in itself is not bad. i‘!‘l'lillf'lllil"~S is frowned upon
by llll of the inniill't' sliidenis. Hot‘iiil (li‘lii':iii;: is not 'lill'lflllll 1.11.1 mi;
never in (ioiic iiviiy willi. if is about Llllif' llll.‘. was rcii‘../cd so that om
(irci-ks can offer adull i'i‘t'i".'illiii on this ('iiiiipus. .\fo,i,c flu-n col:-
wouldn't be so anxious io go io olhcr (llllllllitl‘S and who iiiiic- be sub
pct lo :ictivilii-s iii-low llll' :.i;ii:i'..-rds iii llzis collcgc. We'd l‘. lhcr sii
oi r (ircck. li'lll'll how to dri.ik socially ii. the housi-s rollicr than lli
Sliliit‘ (lliit'\' lift] on (from Slri-c.

SI’()It’l‘S.\I.-\NSIIII’

’Ihcri- l'.:i. soniclliiiig ncw Ioilcd llii:. lllll illltl \l'l‘ liked it. llll‘
liki- inosi cood things, if dicd! \Vc'd lllil' ‘. know \ih': Why did fin
Varsity Club llli\‘i’ lyio llii‘l'llll‘,S, i-iich ‘ll .l i'iilcrciil soi Iiil\' housc, .ilili
thcn qini'.) Arc lhcy iiln)‘lil..'. ii-ii rill-s? L
SAD IfAltliZWI'IiJ.

In it buy. this is u sud good‘iyc Wc li'l\t‘ i-iiJoyi-d hcppg ii“. (‘mn
inonstatei‘s. Wc lioiw our ncccsors \yill cnioy H as llil’f‘ll, biil doi.’
l‘},|)(;('i. rinks No llilllll‘l‘ \\ll.|l yon .niy, yoii'rc always in hot \i‘llli‘l ii
our wish to lcziic olii' lllli‘d llhi‘ll'l cquipiiiciit lo thosc who follow

Miiiii “lips of coil'i'c, sch-Lil piii‘lis ol iigiii‘i'lli-s, i lichlos. “:ll‘tll'lllli
girls, all our scrap pupci's. ll book of infamous qiioLi-s, lot. of llii.‘liftl'])l'll
lfl pencils, :‘Ils, .i pi'iviili- li‘lt'i‘l.llill‘ lliii‘, cos Ilil)lil'\ ‘ll\\~l\‘ ii chm-i
hiiiilc, iciil , ilii- ability to fly ii‘il oi lllt' i'illi'li‘llll .il ‘L‘. M ‘lii‘l'll. ii \ioil
onl Lypcuiilii ci’oscr. cyiiicil siiiiisin, ",|il.‘i fIJll oui iii-oi i..i:.hc».' AMl'h

College Calendar

i'ltlDAY, .lANl‘Alti’ if)

1 iii) pin iState ('ollcgc News Journalists Moi-ling, (iii-iidoi'i's (‘oidci
ioiii-ry

’ l“rcshniuh (floss Mei-ting Pa 'L' Hall

1 oo ion. ll"(i iiri-si-iii:~."'i‘iu- coon viooui of liilly Mitchell," liiudH‘l 3””

l) on pin l’fﬂll‘i‘ (.‘iiib li'oi'iiiul Itilhll l’iirly, lirubuchcr llilll

SA’l‘l'ltDAY, .lANlJAItY II

will) pin State vs. Sit-nu, Armory

10.10 )Ifl SUM if. ' E " " H ‘- -

Sl'Nl’iAy’ I'I‘Nl’xl‘tﬁﬂllgllll liniii, iiiiiii.oiiii (mini llooiii

lilil) pill. (tuntcrbuiy (fluii Nil-cling. Si

MONDAY, JANUARY ill

370!) pin. U. 8 Navy (llll‘hl Spciikci‘, llriipcr ill

8:00 pm. Advanccd liraiiiiilics' l’lnys, Richardson "‘ll

TUESDAY. JANUARY iii ‘  '

8:00 pm. Advanced Dramatics‘ l'liiys, Iticlmidson 291.

equals qualiﬁcation, "C" equals good of—

"C" does noi

 

 

Andrew.» (.Ihiii'ch.

'I‘IIUItSDAY. JANUARY 10
[Mi prcsi-iits “liiililcslilp l’iiti'lilltlli," Draper Iiiiil

7:30 pm.

 

a
I
' n
l
l
l
l
i
I
n
l
l
i
l
l
l
l
i
i
5
I
l
l
l
l I

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. JANUARY 10. 1958

In Colle_g_e_:

Walter W. Plo’rnik

Flash—rumor has it that Albany hos banned seven new magazines
in its ruthless filth raid: The Children's Digest, The Saturday Evening
Post, The Atlantic Monthly, Home and Garden, Jack and Jill, The Eng-
lish Joumal. and the N.Y.S.C.T. Directory. . . . Report from Bill Mackie
'59: Hates West Point vehemently; hopes to return to lush Albany State:
wants letters from old schoolmates. . . . New use for cremation ashes:
production of instant people for the cannibals. . . . Don McClain and
Bill McGrath made colossal paddles to be employed upon themselves
on Potter hell night, but they're not worried—the handles are about one
inch long. . . . from recent experiments with nicotine and rabbits, it‘s
suggested that human beings stop eating carrots. . . . Found on a tag
from a Silliidll Tea bag: "Minds. like pirachutes, Wol’k only when they
are open" ithe Open Mind returns next week). . . . Art gallery moving
from D149 to D349 entrance. . . . Rod Hurt tells me that Ed Sullivan
is planning ii rilly big shew next week; while chewing on three lemons
he plans to introduce six thousand Red Chinese \‘.'fll‘ prisoners who will
leave prison to make the show. Later on. Adolf Hitler will do a tap dance
with Muttnik and Lassie. Steve Allen will presciil Ed with a Myskiinia
key. . . .

Prediction: Itary Fitzpatrick will be the next Editor-in-(‘hief of the
S. (‘. News. . . . Strange how rapidly we forget those who leave State
prematurely for some reason or another. liver think very often of Dick
Barf‘ield‘.’ John Spargaron'.’ I’hil Wiicox‘.’ Moose D'(‘iirriano'? Or any
of the hundreds more? By all means let l’iiiil Erickson never be forgot-
ten—his incomparable good nature was a greater asset to the college
than Draper Hall. Ami Paul—if you're reading this, by all means let the
eighty-two dollars you owe me never be forgotten. . . . We neglected to
mention Ken Katiet‘s superlative quarters in the apartment feature last
issue. I understand it equals the State Street ’l‘aj Majal in splendor.
Sorry. . . . Then there's the guy who took so many “little liver pills" that
before they buried him they had to beat his liver to death. Sorry. . . .
What about frozen bandaids for cold ruts‘.’ No? Sorry. . . . So you think
you have troubles? Bob Waffle travels one hundred miles a day going
to and from school. That's around the world three times for a four—year
degree. . . . Orchids (who likes orchids?) to the revitalized film group
via Steve Jacobson for a semester of high quality and successful events.
. . . I hope the similarly revitalized (‘oach and Four Restaurant gets the
college business they deserve next semester. . . .

While most of us were busy putting off work during the holidays.
Bob Backer was in California watching lhe big gaiiicsmlii'c. lliJlll'lt'S
sustained during the hop-scotch season prevented Bob from mikiiig :iny
cxtensivc apcpiirunccs on the playing iicld, nevertheless. lhc inoi'e op-
tiniistic doctors report that Bob will someday smile again. . . . Jack
Quirk had an interesting New Ycai's film-1 \\'liil(‘ escorting his (late
around the city on the subway he foil .1 lllllc woozy from causes un—
known. When the train stopped at a station .lnz‘k slcppid out if moment
for a breath of fresh subwiiy air, blil \\ll(‘li lif' turned around to rejoin
his (late on the train. lo and behold lllllllllli: biil empty trucks. And
to this day Jack has been unable to decide whclhcr or not his actions
were intentional. . .

Some pledges will go pretty far Just to attract some attention on
hell night—like taking the evening seriously. But when Bob Cassidy de-
voured those rooster combs ie-c-c-chi the whole fraternity had to eat
their hearts out. And human hearts don‘t taste half as bad as good old
salted rooster combs. Why that's worse than fried llama lips. . . . While
we're on the upzippetizing kick—~is it true that Revlon is coming out with
press-on hangnails‘.’ . . . As for me on New Year's I‘Ive: l was subjected
to the merciless projection of rock-like projectiles as propelled by a figure
of Scottish bearing poised strategically on an iiniassmcnt of various
boulders for the duration of the entire evening; that is. I was storied all
night by a scotch-on-the-rocks . . . speaking of rocks and Roget‘s ’l‘hc-
saurus, there appears to be a great variety of expressions for those who
choose not to verbalizc the phrase “rock and roll": In other words, the
latest music criizc would be “vibrate. - undulate - wave - teeter - sway -
swing - dangle - pulsate - beat - wag - \i‘iiiig‘lc - nod - bob -(-ui'tsy (1’)
- wobble — fluctuate — rccl — quake - quiver - quiivcr — shake - flicker -
wriggle - toss - pitch — flounder - stagger — iotter — oscillate and rotate
- revolvi- — spin - turn — cncirclc - circulati- - swirl - gyrate (go Elvis!) -
wheel - twirl — roll up - furl - box the compass. Won't you be the life of
the party when you whisper softly to your escort. "("mon Baby, let's
curtsy 'n box the compass!" 'l‘ry pairing a few more—it's laughs. . . .

l llll(li‘l'\lillill llllil Bruce Alkiiis is ill‘l'lllll‘lllil, .in cxli'nsivi- iiiiil pliiii
for scvcniii graders cnliiicd "Words of Pox-or" llis lcxl',‘ “i"iii'i'\'i-i‘
Anibcr.“ It‘s hard to l)t‘lli'\'t‘ flint How is only lhirly-s-vi-ii y'c oak old.
And tomorrow night llll‘l'l' will l)l‘ ii Sllni\\llllll lliJlii sliirls lliillllSl skins.

'lhcrc's only one \\'.iy lo lll‘ill Sicim bciorc lhi- gainic shirts. killii:l]l
llllll obiioxioii. chccrlciidci' and his pup. riiiziihc 'lOlilJ. . . . l)idn'l Hob
Kiiiiipl hind ll piii'l-iliii‘.‘ sporls-wi‘ilini: iob \\Illl Ilic Itnicli \‘cws'.’ . .
Since Ziich ('ll'llli‘lllh lcil lhc "I";il)llliill.\ 'l‘.i.si-l«" of "71 (‘hih" lillllf' il's
lmrdli woiili 'lilll“, down llial \\fl_\' .lll\liliil'l'

ll;i\c ioii sci-n "1 “US it 'l‘l't‘ll‘il ‘l' l-.iiibr\o',*” Alicnlioii Mr and
Airs Alllilll‘i .Sl.ilc doii'l study for any iiisloi'y iin.il:. \\llli lili' co—op
.idvci'li.iii.: dcsf'. lilliill‘i iindcr your not ioii'll llil'illiilll'i \ii‘ilc his!
year}. Siii'liil ('.lllll(llll' on lhc i-x.ini llihll‘:l(l oi llli' iil'illlll' o1 'i'lllllilll Ill:-

iory A sciioiis. iiicssiigc from Mllti‘ i’lolnik lip ioi solcc ili'lliii',
don'l siiiokc lichind llll' whccl li'.illcn .ishcs, siiiolzc lll llll' l‘\\‘n, li"lllllli.’,
'1g. and llll'ltiil" .ishi-s .iic \iorsc lliI/fll'il‘r ilmn icc. lltlliiil', lllll llllilllll",

My iiiosl siiici-rc Ihiinks lo liic scoics oi i’ciidcrs. who "llli‘lllllll't‘il
inc o\cr lhc liolidiiys 1 only ll’l'l‘l\l(l Ihrc- lords .illfl no mils, hiil l
:issiiiiii- scores oi ll.ltll'i' l't‘lllflllllili‘il llil‘ \\lll‘|. llll". opiiiv-(l llll‘ll lllc
Hllllhl'l'lplliill‘. lo lhc (ipcn .‘ilind on X.ii.i.~. moiii

 

- - C’ammunicaliond - -

 

il'oiilniio (I from I’iig/i ,.', Column 3/

i'cyyiy Ioi'mcd l‘llllil'uliiill (‘iiih in no.1 lli'.i llil‘li \i‘l'\ ll'.illillli'
March, lhc .lonior (‘liiss is Io bc .r\.~. l'l“.iitln llll‘ Lidwlllui'ih 1“ llll'
ll‘iil'l'hl'llil‘ll h‘. l\\l‘l\l' iiicnihcis .il izin.iiiiiiii.. purl oi ih'n clam, and
[in- IiIusli-iii f'ilolcs Assoi-niliiiii oi llic (‘illli‘l’i‘ :is .i \iliolc, llll’ lillll\\l'
I’l'f)ll‘rSlli|i.ll 'imchcis (‘oiilcri-iici- iii llll.’,' .ll'tililll"l ill Ncii York ('iill lll‘
Ni-w Yoii; (‘il. l;.iiislciicd h\ if p.in:-l discussion h-d

iri-priscnlnliii-s ll'iill llll‘ .liiiiior Ii llll' .llllil.il' ll‘]il'|‘lw‘ll[.illi'l‘> Slioi'l»
Floss, can. i iccl. iiillill ihi~. dilly i_\ illll'l' llll‘ .tlllll‘li‘lli'l'
“'M- l"““”““ ‘Jl"”"r“ “1"? “H.” “x' II is in\ ll inosl hopc lhui Mich
Wm”! I“ “I 1“”! 51‘ “Hm” "I Hm“ llli Ell‘ll ll‘lllli' i-iiili-;i\oi‘ oi llll‘ (‘l.i:.h
ciiiioii c-iiisus and “Ill iiiilicip.iti- “I .3” Hm WM“ I” “PM “W Mn“
“1"” ("“""“‘|“““”" "l 1m” ‘Vl'lmll' lil'llili' iihiiccl l‘l lli' functions of a
““V "I" ‘H‘mm “‘lm' "'H‘MH'” "m .liis., lhus ciiihodying a wider scope
1ch on 11H" l‘>~l““'“'““" "1 mm" o! sluuciil lll‘iliil, inn-rest, and need
('filll'hi'h, niiil llic lll'lil'lllS of iliis '

Driicie Norton,

('Olllt'l'l‘lll'l' cuii l)t‘ ll)ll\t‘)t‘fl iiilo
lhcii' remaining ediiculion l'iilil’blb, President, (‘luss of ’55).

Eight State College Sororities
Pledge 173 Freshman Women

The following sororities announce
new pledges.

Kappa Delta

According to Charlotte Norton ‘58,
President, twenty-ﬁve pledges in the
sorority include: Judith Kay Bacon,
Christine Berky, Roberta Connelly,
Mary Ellen Coogan, Sandra Dieter,
Lois Ann Frank, Barbara Gladesie-
wicz, Sandy Gottobed, Carol Konec-
ny, Nancy Leighton, Barbara Libous,
Linda Mandel, Judy Metcnlf, Pa-
tricia Nof‘fsinger, Lynn Nygren, Ar—
lene Robe. Marilyn Schnrfcld. Mary
Jane Shcperd, Sandra Stanley, Don-
na Steele, Judy Sterner, Diane
Swezey, Joyce Tcnzyk, Diane Wood-
worth, and Elaine Zwanka.

I’si Gamma

Patricia Kennedy '58. President,
announces the following girls pled—
ged: Mary Sue Closs, Sharon Chain-
pion. Janet Crumb, Lee Coughlin,
Burbiira Darling, Grace Davis, Con-
nie Dorland, Joyce Doughcrty, Ellen
Gird. Jo Hobsin, Judith Kemp.
Marge Kropec, Carol Miirdig‘un,
Christiana Noring, Delia Piper,
Gladys Sage, Barbara Smith.

initiated on December 16 were
Nlili'.‘.’,tli’0l. O'Donnell and Audrey
Iiurd. Sophomores.

(‘hi Sigma Theta

President Patricia Corcoriin '58
announces the following pledges:
Joanne Basistu '60. Janice Brus-
kiiwis, Brenda Caswell, Roberta
Davis, Joanna Dcsposuti, Mildred
Ft‘l‘l'ii. Joiin Ferrari. Lucille Giard-
1110. Joan Hey/Wood, Lucille Jacob-
son, Eilecn Mamott, Barbara Mee-
haii, Gale Nellcr. Frances Organis-
ciak, June Perry, Margaret Ritter-
bush, Gail Rogers. Leiliini Schiiff,

Naval Reserve
Alters Program
Requirements

The US. Naval Reserve has zin-
nounced a change in their Reserve
Officer Candidate Program. It is
now possible for applicants to take
the ROC cxuin before joining a
naval reserve unit. College fresh-
men, sophomores. and Juniors are
eligible for entrance in this pro-
gram which quulifics the participant
for :i commission in the US. Naval
tcsci'vi- and also escmpts him from
the draft while he is attending
-'oll(‘gc.

licqiiircinciils for the ROC I’i'o-
gram:

1. Be at least 17 years old but not
mori- than 27‘.- ycurs old at the date
of graduation from collcgc.

12. Puss lhc ROG cxuni, given iii
the lime of making application.
Appliciilions may be picked up at
ihc Naval iii-serve Training Center.
Washington and l“l'oiil Streets, Troy,
New York and liiiiHl. l)f' subiniltcd
prior lo i l4’i-brimry, liii’iil.

It Alli-r si-icciion ilh ii ROLE you
must _]Olll lhc Niivul iii-servo illlll
llllt‘llfl wcckiy drills.

Al You must i;i‘il(lllillc from col-
lcgc to bc cligiblc for if coiniiiissioii.

it 'l‘hrcc ycurs ocliyc duty .is on
oilicci' iii ihc US, Nil\f|l ltcsci'vc
iipoii 'Ll'zl'lliillliili ironi collcgc

Potter Club
Party Tonight

'l‘onnihi. lllt‘ Edward l‘lltll'l‘fl Pol-
ll'l' (‘hib \‘llll hold its ioriiml rush
piirly, "(‘iiib iii". in llriibiichi-r din-
iiig i‘ooni :il ii pin l’clci' liar—
bii.:;iiiilo 'oii, (iciicrui (Iiiiiii'iiiiiii, iiii-
iiouiiccs that women will huvc hours
cxlcndcil iiiilil 2:00 ii in. Music for
"(‘lub iii“ \\lll be played by Phil
l"ooi("h Iliiiid and the master of
ccrimonics will be ltichiird llciincl
it).

Chainincn of the other ifiililllllllct‘b’
are: 'l‘honiiis liricrly, lillilt'l'lllllllllclli.
and iii'riiiigciiieiils; iiiid ltoiiiild
Graves, Cleanup, Seniors.

Maris Sheehan, Barbara Smith.
Carol Thorn, Louise Ternatare, Bar-
bara Van Derwarker, Lorna Wilson,
Jeanne Winston. and Irene Witkow-
ski.

Sigma Phi Sigma

Pledges announced by Freida
Cohen ’58, President, are Helen
Beaii, Judith Becker, Barbara Bos-
cardin, Judith Brodsky. Beverly Cac-
cavale, Ruth Danowit, Deanna Dia-
monid, Rita Evenson, Frances Fleck,
Toby Geduld, Judith Gerhardt.
Phyllis Hammerman, Joan Kaye.
Myrna Lipschitz, Alix Lloyd, Martha
Pollack, Diane Rosen, Susan Rosen-
baum, Barbara Sahr, Eleanore Sil-
verstein, Vera Silverstone. Marge
Siiesngcr, Ethel Sontupe, and Cyn-
thia Sugcrman.

Gamma Kappa Phi

Judy Swan ‘58. President, an-
nounces the following girls pledged:
Jeanne Batteio, Patricia Biizata.
Mary Bentz. Florence Caputo, Doro-
thy Clnrsson, Caroly Colluru, Sally
Fagan, Norma J. Fisbke, Semi Fried,
Hana S. Graham, Barbara Hajov-
sky, Karen L. Hofer, Gail Kasparan,
Rosemary Kverek, Frances G. Lis—
ton. Joan Eleen McGuire, Marcia
Maslon, Sheila Nichols, Aime O'Con-
nor, Marjory Petty. Gilda Sesti,
Joanne Simons, Carol Jean Scphan-
son, Harriet Sutcliflc, and Janet
Woodward.

Beta Zeta

Sully Harter '58, President, on—
nounces the following girls pledged:
Marilyn Alston, Lynn Beals, Alicia
Berton. Lois Blackburn, Ruby E.
Campbell. Cathy Casaceiii, Louise
Hayes, Virginia Dchncst, Mary Lou
Denny, Carole Engel. Bernice Ep—
stein, Lois Frank, Mary Hamil. Sue
James. Judy Landbcrg, Sefvia Lo-
benges, Shirley McGuirl, Shirley
Moscrap, Barbara Palunibo, Brenda
Peacock, Sue Purcell. Elaine Romn—
towski, Niincy Rubin, Marie Russo,
Judy Skacylas, Lois Smith, Debby
’I‘rovcr, and Hope Washbond.

Phi Delta

Pledges announced by Patricia
Gearing '58, President, are Harriet
Berbary, Karen Caster, Kathy Con-
rad, Betsy Drumiii, Brenda Edgar,
Irma Ess, Camie Everett. Donna
Forcr, Caroline Gcrlich, Patricia
Giliingham, G c r a i din e Krzczuk,
Mary Aim Luyno, Katherine Malme,
Norma Mariocca, Lillian Meaders,
Lillian Miiilen, Arlene Petersen,
Brita Rehrig‘, Marylin Ryan, Martha
Schilling. Barbara Shultz, Ann
Marie Siinslriind, Josephine Viivcr-
zagt. Sharon chzcl.

Sigma Alpha

Marlene Fcrncr '59, President on-
nouiiccs the following pledges; Betty
Brown, Ethel Downing, Sandy Fer-
rcirii, Agnes Gonsalves, Ericka Kiss,
Marie Murcndiil, Sue Reich, Murcia
ltoiispee, Millie Voji-ck, and Frances
Wiiiik.

    

PAGE 3

RPI Sponsors
“The Rivalry"

Raymond Massey. Agnes Moore-
head, and Martin Gabel will appear
Thursday evening in the Rensselaer
Polytechnic Institute Field House at
8:30 pm.

Thier appearance will mark the
production of Paul Gregory’s The
Rivalry, centered about Abraham
Lincoln.

Massey as Lincoln

Raymond Massey. well known for
his portrayal of Abraham Lincoln
will again be taking that role.

Miss Moorehead will take the part
of Mrs. Stephen Douglas, a woman
wielding great influence over her
husband and Lincoln.

l’revious Performances

Massey who is famous for his
work on the stage, screen, and tele-
vision, was featured on Broadway
in The Doctor's Dilemma, Candida.
with Katherine Cornell, and Pygma-
lion, opposite Gertrude Lawrence.

Also on Broadway Miss Moore-
head has appeared in All the King's
Men, Scarlet Pages, and Candlelight.

She received an Academy Award
nomination for her role in The
Magnificent Ambersons and won the
New York Critics award for the best
supporting actress of the year for
that performance.

Martin Gabel is best known for
his television appearances especially
on the panel show What’s My Line?
He has been successful as 21 Broad-
wuy producer and as an actor in
dramatic roles.

Naval Officers
Give Speech

Randolph S. Gardner, Professor of
Education, announces that Lt. W. K.
Carr and Chief R. P. DuPont, rem-u-
sentatives of the United States Navy
Recruiting Station and the Ofﬁce
of Naval Officer Procurement. will
present a discussion at the college
Monday at 3:00 pm. in Draper III.

Nuclear Power for Peace

Lt. Carr. Ofﬁcer Procurement Of-
ficcr. will present "Your New Nu-
clear Power f'or Peace" and will be
assisted by Chief DuPont, Navy
Public Relations man. The future
prospncts for nuclear power be-
ing used for the purpose of creating
useful inventions to be Used in peace
rather than war, is the central
theme of the discussions.

All Invited

Students and faculty are cordially
mviled to attend the discussion and
offer their opinions on the subject.

National Language Honorary
Initiates Thirteen Members

Piiul Dommcr, President of Mu
iiimibdzi Aipliii, the National Modern
Language Honorary Fraternity,
slutcs thiil. the folowiiig studciils
were initiated last night: Kenneth
lirell, Joyci- Mcyci'iiiiiiin, lu‘dith
(iwcns, Lucille Schneider, Ciirniilu
Siiibii, Arlene Slusiirz, Dorothy i-lmi-
sch Spoor iiiid Cill‘tll Siilch, Seniors

Also (‘arole Allic, Snsiiii (.‘iir—
liill‘llill‘l, lillllllll (.‘altoi‘iiii, Churlotlc
Mathias. iiiid (iloriii Rojas, Jiliiioi‘S

Last night, Niiiicy Schneider, ii
;l'il(llliilt‘ of thi- college, spoke on lllt‘
methods of li-uchiiig foreign lini—
giiiiges lo clciiicntiiry school chil-
drcii Miss Schneider is presently
tciichiiig lti (iiiildci‘hiiid (iruiiiiniir
School.

Objectives

Mu Lambda Alpha established a
chapter iii Slide College in 1956,
and since thiit lune liiis endeavored
to encourage superior scholarship in
modern languages, to give recogni—
tion to students who achieve hiin
standards in this licld. and to pro-
mote inodcrn luiiguiige events on
campus.

Requirements
Students earning an average of
3.0 in modern foreign languages

and a 13.5 t)\’f'i'-illl average are
eligible for membership.

Officers

in .iddilioii to Diiimncr, the offl—
ci-rs of the fraternity includi- Janet
Sciicz, Vicc-lh'esident; Mary Ciiy
Crawford. Secretary, and Mary Pic-
ciiino, ’l‘reiisiii‘cr, Scniors.

Driver Ed Class
Open To Students

’i‘homiis R. Gibson, Professor of
Safety and Heulth Education, slides
liiiii there are viii-uncles l'tfiliilllliilg,
in lllt‘. He 2] class for second
semester.

He 21 is a beginning driver'..
education coursr, for individuals de—
sei‘ving to learn how to drive. The
cliiss meets Wednesday afternoons
from 3 to f) lel. Priicticc driving
will be arranged to fit the individ-
uals schedule. Anyone interested
should contact Gibson iiiiincdliitely.

 

 

