«IuKMYQMW‘va4‘  

m

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS.

Cheer(s) For Stoodnez Ken It?

The Saturday pre-dawn convention of Stoodnez Ken
It? on March 6 was held in Joe’s Confectionery Shop (as
opposed to the old meeting place of Olendorf’s) for obvious
reasons.

The question of government revival was thrown out
for discussion by President Jon Wager, but nobody caught
it, and silence reined for ten minutes. By the time the
knitters had picked up their stitches, the previous question
was moved, so the issue was ﬂoored for one month. This is
the ﬁrst concrete example we have had of Ken It? even
considering the question. Keep up the good work!

A second innovation came with the passage of a bill to
eliminate State College Revue. Masspania fought against
the measure but to no avail. What will they do now?

In place of the Revue, it was proposed to have a Lack
of Interest Day. Again we congratulate the members of
Ken It? for sizing up the situation so very well and actually
doing something worthwhile for the college as a hole.

What, Me Cut?

This week a new high in progressive education was
reached at State with the passage of an administrative rul-
ing that only those who have an average below 2.0 could
could have unlimited cuts. This is the ﬁrst concrete step
taken by the College to satisfy the felt needs of the stu-
dents. The old custom of unlimited cuts was taken away
from those on Dean’s List, and those having averages
above 2.0 must go to classes at least once a week.

This is only one in a series of steps to promote good
faculty-student relations, Dean Smokes assures us. It was
the feeling of the administration that the system would
be a workable and feasible one since those on probation
seldom go to class anyway, and it is about time that the
administration recognized the fact. The “clods” (as Dean
Oscar Plenferd called those on Dean’s List) go to classes
anyway and the “grinds” (those with averages above 2.0)
are dying to be “elods” so . . .

As far as the minimum average for Presidential candi—
dates was concerned, the administration felt that anyone
with an average above 2.5 would be too academically
minded to do a good job. Anotherstep in the right direction!

A new no-homework rule is presently being considered
by the faculty. The semi-annual practice of giving exams
is also on the agenda for the next facultv meeting. Things
are really picking up, gang!

l“Superb"—says Walt Winchell

l“Delightful"-Hedda Hopper
lBZ's farewell to talent

Staid College Gnus
refuses to accept re—
sponsibility for this
paper.

The KB men have got a show,

[Is really a show stopper.

 

That's really tops, be sure to go.
The story’s good, the music‘s great,
Here’s one show that'll really rate.
Our “Fair Ladies” of SIGMA PIII
Will be Liza Dolittle’s at the Fair
With bowers of flowers for you to buy

Come join the crowds, we’ll see you there!

Come on Statesmen, gotta go

Win or lose

You’ll have some fun
The PHI DELT booth’s
The place to come.

SATURDAY. MARCH 8. 1958

Is this your trouble, bubble?
Feeling blue?

Get the Cold Shoulder?
Dear John Letter?
Royal Purple Shaft?
Stood Up? Shot Down?
Broken Heart?

Do you fancy yourself
a Detective?
Come on in and try
your luck at
D & A COUNCIL’S
Place the Face

 

The Pros haven’t adopted them yet

(Square baskets, that is) Hr-

But you can see them at the
UNION HEIGHTS Booth

DOLLIE MADISON’S Joint at 01’ State Fair.
Stop and see who’s gathered there;

The scene will be gay and lively when-—
The 90’s are brought to life again.

Mend it at Partridge’s
LONELY HEARTS CLUB

 

Confucius say:
“COME SEE KD
CHINESE PLAY”

MUSIC COUNCIL

 

Ring a Gam
at
PSI GAM

What fate for you will
in the future lie?
State Fair will tell

with GAMMA KAPPA PHI

 

Come-a—on
to SLS's
SOAK-A-TIION

Thanks For

 

To the EDWARD E. POTTER CLUB opening show.
Come stag, in a group, or bring a date
to Greatest Ever State Fair of 1958.

THE MAYFI.()WER

209 Central Avenue

MIKE’S LOG CABIN

North Swan Street

BOULEVARD CAFE’I‘ERIA

198 Central Avenue

 

Your Attendance
Last Night
I I" (i

 

 

$5 Prize

for

BEST SHOW

an d

BEST GONGESSION

Compliments of the

CO-(ll’

 

Walk thru the peristyles, this Saturday night,
Step at LAKE HOUSE’S booth, near the light.
Your proﬁle as a gii't~—what a sight!

Silhouettes. Silhouettes, Silhouettes . . .

l
l

l
l
l

l

We of the NEW DORM would like to hail
All of you to our pizza sale.

It'll be delishuso come without fail

 

 

' 1' oite - '
Youl av 1 We,” recall State Fair 58

All that fun and money
CHI SIG raffled records oﬁ

Foreign dish can be
Found in the FORUM

International Cook Book
Was it Ever Great!

A close shave
Can be fun
At SAYLES’

Be Frisky
'I‘ry MYSKI
Concession Stand

How‘s Your Aim?
Try the
EAST HOUSE

Penny Pitch

 

Sam, Sam, the marryin’ man,
Marries you all as fast as he can!
Come to BRU’S booth, get your degree,

Mr. and Mrs, for he and she!

Gamble with the
PIERCE HALL

Ladies

To State Fair at the Cafeteria rail.

Best of luck on the
(iREA'I‘ES'I‘ EVER STATE FAIR

Alpha P'i Alpha

DELICIOUS PIZZA A’l‘
OLENDORF’S TAVERN

62 North Lake Avenue

MIKE’S

809 Madison AVenuc

Y EZZI’S

Corner of Ontario and Madison

 

 

 

State College News

 

 

 

Z-463

ALBANY. NEW YORK. SATURDAY. MARCH 15. 1958

VOL. XLIII. NO. 8

 

   

ELCOME!

 

4wm7/tep4e/u'cgenﬁ...

 

On behalf of the students of Albany State College for Teachers, I
take pride in welcoming you, parents and guests, to our Second Annual
Parents’ Day. I hope you will enjoy your visit as much as we enjoy
having you here.

Your Parents‘ Day Committee has spent endless hours in trying
to arrange a program that will give you an overall view of our college
life. You will have an opportunity to meet the members of the faculty
and administration, as well as other students The dormitories and
group houses are open for your inspection. Classes are being conducted
for your beneﬁt. You’ll have a chance to take part in one of the oldest
collegiate traditions—a coffee hour! This evening. our Parents’ Day
Program will close with the. presentation of “The Boyfriend.”

Here is your golden opportunity to learn more about our collegiate
environment. For some of you, your visit will bring back memories of
your own college days. For others, your visit will be a new, exciting ex-
perience. For all of you, we hope your visit will be a memorable one.

We are proud of our institution of higher learning and we hope
that when you leave our campus, you too will feel this pride, for you
are an important part of Albany State College for Teachers.

John Yager,
President of Student Association

 

440m ‘71“;
Cami/mm“

This year the Parents' Day Coni—
iiiittcc decided to experiment with
a single round of clusscs and item—
onstriitions ill order to represent the
academic side of Slate College on

a modest scale.

The committee tell that a college
open house Would be a much more
llltl‘l‘l'slllll,’ one if it “its an active
open house, and so we hich included
music rehearsals, science dcmon-
slruti'ins and all the rest. Lust your
many of you said that you Would
have \\'(‘l('iililt‘tl un opporiiniiiy to
('llilL with the deans prn'ulcly. and
so we llll‘.'(' urrilnued loi' them to
nice! you in their offices.

Al'lci' classes we knew you‘d \ycl—
conic ii cliuiicc to relax Our first
though! ".us "Jaw," licun llurllcy
>lil(l. "Jul/.9?! 'l'liul'r. lllll' loi' you.
but who! :ll)(illl your parents?" And
llll'll \rc i'ciiiciiibci'cd March 15) “us
your day So we coiiiploililscd. l/lucli
('Eilllt‘ up With u (ll‘H‘liililllt‘lli~(il-
iiiiisic type lll‘tllli'lllll songs us you
heard them S\\‘lll..‘.llli4 inlo i'c\'iliil17.c:l
\(‘l'h‘ltlllS

As tor the collcc hour, llicrc \th'
no question about llllll. So many
of you had said that you enjoyed
the very successful one lust year.
and the liiculty echoed your rcuc-
tloii. Ho Vic liilrlicd onto (liii'ol
Scheu's Student Uliloii liourd which
rcudily agreed lo sponsor the ulluir

'i‘lie ciiliiiliiuliiiq feature of the
duy is of course the Revue produc-
tion, The lioy Friend.

We hope that you Will express
your reaction to this lil'ii,;l'lllli, the
purpose oi which was to give you
n Well-rounded picture of Stun-
Collegc. June Cass

 

For the College, I am happy to extend to you a warm welcome to
the Parents' Day of 1958. The activities of the day have been designed
and developed by the students of the College, in an effort to give you,
their parents, some sense of what the College is and does.

It is entirely appropriate that your sons and daughters should ar-
range this day for you. To send a son or daughter to college in these
days means, for almost any family, real eﬁort and sacriﬁce. The stu-
dents who are here want you to share their experience of college; they
want you to know what you are giving them.

To convey a sense of what it means to go to college is difﬁcult in-
deed. In the few hours you are here, you may get a sense of the place
and the people, and snatches of the program—a class or two, a glimpse
of the musical or dramatic or social activities of the College. To get
a sense of the intellectual life of the College is more difﬁcult in a short
time—indeed, it evades some undergraduates whose stay here is some-
what longer than yours. And lnost difﬁcult to convey is the spirit and
sense of purpose that motivates the College and its alumni and, in-
creasingly, its students.

All these and more are here for you to see and share. You have
reason to be proud of your sons and daughters, and they of you and
of their College. We bid you welcome.

Evan R. Collins,
President of the College

 

 

 

