 

 

 

 

 

 

Page; Four,

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, APRIL 23, 1921

  I M    1A  1" E Tl C Si

 

' Basketball Varsity

Basketball
.State faced a difﬁcult problem at the opening of the basketball season.
Six of last year's :squad [had graduated and it was necessary to choose
a.squad from new material. This task of coaching a team which would
give us a majority of victories fell to one man who has made himself solid
with all State. .
The Coach
Francis B. Snavely has by his work with the Purple Quintet built up a
reputation as a ﬁrst class college coach. Whose strenuous work lasted
from the first call in November until the last whistle blew on the

’ St. Stephen’s game. His success is well shown in the record of his men

on the court.

Captain Hathorn
" Shorty " has completed his 'second year as a varsity basketball pla er,
and the conﬁdence which State had in him when she chose him to ead
the team this year has not been misplaced. At the pivot position he has
tapped the ball almost at will to his team-mates. “Shorty " plays a hard
and conservative game. it will be a hard task to ﬁll his place next year.

Manager
The spirityith which Manager Bliss went at his task of securing

games early in the year was assurance alone that a good schedule would
be prepared, and the tentative schedule was already nearing completion

- at the end of last year. The schedule consisted of_ thirteen games of

which six were pla ed at home. Man of our old rivals were included
as Colgate, Union, t. Lawrence and  arkson, and relations were opened
in addition with several new institutions, as a result of Manager Bliss'
eﬁorts, Much praise is due to the Manager for the ability he showed
and the time and effort he devoted 'to this work. He was aided by
Assistant Manager Linck and Scrub Managers, MacFarlane, Putman and
can.
. Cmavant

Ted is another man who has played his last game for State and whose
place will be hard to till next year. In the two years which he has played
with the varsity he has made a wonderful record. To him goes the
honor oflcading the team in scoring.

Johnson
To “Jack " goes the honor of being the most aggressive player on the
team. He has played an article of basketball w ich has been a 'oy to
all followers of the Purple. How, he kept State in the running y his
clever ﬂoor work Will not be forgotten. He and his runnin mate,
Cassavant. tied in the number 3)! ﬁeld baskets for the season. 1: pre-
dict a good season for State With “Jack ” as captain. '

 

Pelt

"Dutch" is another man who has donned his suit for the last time
at State. He has played three years at guard and is one of the most
dependable in the East. He has a way of getting the ball and passing
it to the right man at the right moment that has made him one of
the best back-court men developed at State.

Baker

"Jakic" is one more senior of this year’s squad that will be missed
next year. After an injury that kept out him out of basketball last year
and the early games this year, he broke into the game and fairly burned
up the ﬂoor with his speed in bringing the ball down the court, and
remember how he held St. Lawrence’s star on their court?

Debris

Here-is one of the new men of the varsity who put up an excellent
exhibition of back-court work this season. His handling of the ball has
helped the State quintet get their bearings and go on to victory. We
hope he decides to come back next year.

Shirlock

"Joe" is one more senior Who has played his last game as a member
of the varSity. While his pOSition is regularly guard he ﬁlled in at
center and forward and played a cool, conservative game wherever
placed.

Lian

Next year we predict that State will have a playing manager. Besides
performing all the duties of aSSistant manager he broke into three games
and played a fine brand of basketball.

Sherley

Here is a fros‘h whom we know will make good at State. This year
he captained the reserves and took pant in three varsity games

The Reserves

we owe much to these men who gave their time to help the varsity
get' into shape. Especially do the seniors of this squad deserve our
thanks as they Will not be able to make their letter in future years
as most of the others. They played a schedule this year meeting the
.‘ . 1. Reserves in two games, St Joseph's Academy in two games. and
Milne ‘Hl h 'School. The squad consisted of Sherley, Linck, Strain.
Donahue. cilly, T. Cassavant, Baldwin. Grey, Putnam and MacFai‘lanc.
Continued on page 5 *

 

.L

 

 

 

 

 

 

