 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, Al’filL 28, 1921

 

 
   

E was a young Oxford man, only twenty-seven whenfhe
was killed at Gallipolh Up to his tiine,’man had never

Who Was Moseley? . i
H

Hip":

seen the inside of an atom. .He turned the X-rays on

matter—not ﬁguratively but literally—and made them disclose
the skeleton of an atom just as certainly as a surgeon makes

them reveal the positions of the bones of the body. Mose-
ley proved that all atoms are built up of the same kind of matter.
He saw, too, just why an atom _of copper is different from an
atom of gold.

Atoms are built up of electrons. Each atom consists of a

nucleus, as kind of sun, with a certain number of electrons grouped
about it, like planets. Moseley actually counted the number of
electrons of all the metals from aluminum to gold.

When you discover what gold is made of or a new fact about
electricity, you open up new possibilities for the use of gold or
electricity. For that reason the Research Laboratories of the
General Electric Company are as much concerned with the
“how” of things—~atoms and electrons, for instance—as they are
with mere applications of the electric current.

Hence Moseley’s work has been continued in the Research

Laboratories, with the result .nat more has been learned about .

matter. How does water freeze? What is lead? Why are lead,
iron, gold and tungsten malleable? Such questions can be an-
swered more deﬁnitely now than ten years ago. And because they
can be answered it is possible to make more rapid progress in
illumination, in X-ray photography, in wireless telegraphy, and
in electrical engineering as a whole.

There would have been no coal-tar industry without the vast
amount of research conducted in organic chemistry, and no
electro-chemical industry without such work as Sir Humphrey
Davey’s purely scientiﬁc study of an electric current’s effect on
caustic potash and caustic soda. Sooner or later research in pure
science always enriches the world with discoveries that can be
practically applied. For these reasons the Research Labora-
tories of the General Electric Company devote so much time to
the study of purely scientiﬁc problems.

 

95452-0

 

 

Cnrswcll, ’18, who was the chair-
man of this organization, author—
izcd, with the approval of other
members, that $73 of this balance
be sent to "The Fatheriess Chil-
dren of France, lnc.," for the adop-
tion of two orphans, and Miss
Charlotte C. Loeb, head of the
French department, was made the
custodian of the correspondence be-
tween the children and the college.
The balance of the fund. $121.58,
has just been sent to renew the
subscription.

ft is,of interest to know that the
orphans are a little boy and girl
each 11 years old, They are Marie
Jacob and Francois Poliet. A small
photograph of our little protege is
shown above. The letters which
have come to us from the children
have shown how much the help
was needed and how deeply the
friendship of the “god-parent " was

appreciated. Belowvurc translated
:1 few passages from letters re-
ceived which will emphasize the
great need and the spirit of grati-
tude.

(Sept. 9, 1920)—”f have just rc—
ccived the. check which you were
kind enough to send me and i want
to thank you most sincerely for
your great kindness. We have just
returned to our devastated city, If
you could but imagine how sad it
all is. There isn’t a house lcit. All
has been completely destroyed.
Only wooden barracks stand in
their places. I don't know how we
will ever live through the cold win-
tcr as it is already very cold. Fur-
thermore we have no warm clothes
and I beg of-you to send us some
used ones if you possibly can."

In another letter the mother
writes: v

" We must be happy in our

 

 

poverty and have courage to be
able to raise thesc poor children to
manhood and womanhood. It is
terrible to have such young chil-
dren deprived of the blessings of a
father. i am alone with ﬁve chil—
dren. My husband left for the war
and [ never had the pleasure of
sccing him again. lie was killed in

‘ April of l9l5.“

Our little Francois wrilcs (Now,
l9ZU)'

“l hm only ll years .of age and

,still very young i want to work

1"

but am still foo young to do so.

The children’s addresses are as

follows:

Marie Jacob, n Andilly pa’r,
:Vnrennes - sur -- Anm‘ncc, Hautc
.Marnc, France... . .i'r- 711'

‘ ~ Francois Pollet. Railiei'de Beth-
.unc; Liaisne Les-La Basset, Pas dc.
~C'alzris,‘l7r21nce. ‘ . " 1'. t ’

The French Club”'¥’aiid‘ "Frcrfch'

 

'Psge Three

classes are raising a fund to send
them a Christmas check. A box
will be found on the desk in the
library where donations of any
amount howrwcr small, will be
graicfuily received.

. As the Christmas season draws
near can we not drop a'postcard
or cticrdoiour little protcgcs‘?
They are so appreciative of any-
thing we send. ,

HISTORYOF COLLEGE
(Continued from page 1)
principal. No time was lost. The
building was repaired and equipped,
a principal was secured, and some
teachers were appointed. All was
ready by December 18, 1844. On
. that date the school was formally
opened by Col. Young before the
executive committee, the facility
and twenty-nine students who hurl
assembled file first day. What is
now Von Vccillcn Hall, on State
Street, cast of Eagle, was the first
home of the Normal School. 1!
was agreed that tuition and text
books should be free. and that a
small sum of money to help pay
board bills be furnished weekly to

catch Student; .

David Perkins Page, a New
l-lampshi'r‘c man, was the first prin-
cipal. H‘c'dicd January 1, 184,
and George .R. Perkins, professar
of mathematics, was the next‘prin-
cipal. lie secured a new site and

new building, and conducted the
institution in a businesslike manner
till his rcsignafionyhlly 8, 1852.
The new building was~crcctcd in
the rear of Geological, flail on
Lodge and Howard Slrtcts where
it formed the home of the Normal
School till June, 1885. Samuel B.
Woolworth succccdcd Dr. Perkins
and 'was a potent factor in the
school for twenty-eight years. His
succ'éssor, David H. Cochrane, A.
M” Ph.D., was administrator dur-
ing the (.ivil War. In honor of
those who died in the service there
is now erected in the rotunda of the
present administration building a
memorial fublct, contributions for
which were made by the Alumni.

in 1864 Dr. Cochrunc resigned,
and was succeeded by Prof. Oliver
Arcy. From 1867 to 1882, Joseph
Alden, l').f)., LL,D., was president.
In 1882 Edward P, Waterbury,
I’h.D., Li..D., was elected presi-
dent. For the first time in its
history, the head of the institution
was one of its own graduates.
new building was secured, the old'
one being wholly inadequate, This
was erected on Willctt Street, fac-
in};, Washington Park. Into its
walls was wrought some of the
material of the old Capitol. Dr.
Waterbury died in 1889. That
same year Wm, J. Milne, Ph.D.,
LL.D., became president. We
raised the standard of admission,
extended the course, and turned the
institution into a purely profes-
sional school.

The reorganization of the prac-
tice departments, and the addition
of a high school, a .radical change
.in the character of the work done
in the college and in the practice
departments; the advanced stand-
‘ing of admission, together with the
number of college and university
students who entered, the increased
number of courses; also a change
in the college life, the founding of
Greek-letter fraternities and ath-
letic clubs, the successful manage-
ment of a college paper, the valu-
able lectures and other entertain-
ments provided cnch year, grand
organ recitals given by, the director
'of music; afternoon seminars con-
ducted by members of the faculty,
and open to residents of Albany

'I'."z\n(l‘v1cinity, a change of name,

"“ Normal College."-—fhcse are
. ,, . .

 

 ‘ Continued on page

 

 

