 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FEBRUARY 10, 1921

 

Page Three

 

 

 
  
 

How is a Wireless
Message Received?

VERY incandescent lamp has a ﬁlament. Mount a metal
plate on a wire in the lamp near the ﬁlament. A current
leaps the space between the ﬁlament and the plate when

the ﬁlament glows.

Edison ﬁrst observed this phenomenon in 1883. Hence it was
called the “Edison effect.”

Scientists long studied the “effect” but they could not explain
it satisfactorily. Now. after years of experimenting with Crookes
tubes, X-ray tubes and radium, it is known that the current that
leaps across is a stream of “electrons”— exceedingly minute par-
ticles negatively charged with electricity.

These electrons play an important part in wireless communica-
tion. When a wire grid is interposed between the ﬁlament and the
plate and charged positively, the plate is aided in drawing electrons
across; but when the grid is charged negatively it drives back the
electrons. A very small charge applied to the grid, as small as that
received from a feeble wireless wave, is enough to vary the electron
stream.

So the grid in the tube enables a faint wireless impulse to control
the very much greater amount of energy in the ﬂow of electrons,
and so radio signals too weak to be perceived by other means be‘
come perceptible by the effects that they produce. Just as the
movement of a throttle controls a great locomotive in motion, so
a wireless wave, by means of the grid, affects the powerful electron
stream.

All this followed from studying the mysterious “Edison effect”—
a purely scientiﬁc discovery.

No one can foresee what results will follow from research in pure
science. Sooner or later the world must beneﬁt practically from the
discovery of new facts.

For this reason the Research Laboratories of the General Electric
Company are concerned as much with investigations in pure science
as they are with the improvement of industrial processes and prod-
ucts. They, too, have studied the “Edison effect” scientiﬁcally.
The result has been a new form of electron tube, known as the
“pliotron”, a type of X~ray tube free from the vagaries of the old
tube; and the “kenetron”, which is called by electrical engineers a
“rectifier” because it has the property of changing an alternating
into a direct current.

All these improvements followed because the Research Labora-
tories try to discover the “how” of things. Pure science always
justiﬁes itself.

     

erti'gyeetie

General Office  Schenectady,N.Y.

as~;i77 J

 

evening. lit-1m Pierce. Professor
lx‘is y. .\|iss Martinez and Miss
Phillips chaperoncd.

We llO])L‘ iluu this juhilcu will llL‘
the precedent for annual Post mm.
Juliilccs, We like Myskania’s idea
of a good time.

 

OMICRON NU
Continued from Page 1.

new lllClllilCl‘S were received into the
C'hnplcr. There was in discussion
of the relation of the Alumnae Chap-
lcr lo the active Chapter. The
Alumnae Chapter is working with
the active Chapter in planning an
open incrling to he held the week of
March 28th in Allmny. Plans are
heing made for the joint Chapters to
assume the Care of a needy child~ in
the vicinity of Allmuy. A Marlon
Pavnc memorial fund has been
started. to he usrd for sornc educa—
tionnl purpose, _ -

Tho Alumnae Chapter is drawing

 

 

together the Omicron .\‘u girls who
have liven will of college for some
time. Their experiences :u'u broad
and varied and they form a slrongly-
organized group, whose connnon pur-
pose is to further the interests oi
Home I'lcnnolnics,

 

JUNIOR PROM
Continued from Page 1.

llutts, Donald Packer ‘ Whit—
heck, Lorrel Nichols. crunch,
Harold Dunn, James ...i)onough,

Lm'l Medlin. Basil Moore. Frank
McClure, John Baker. Gene Run-
liiu, Leland Foster, Warren Rosc-
hrookc, Frank Soccri, Andrew
Davidson, Harold Baldwin, Joseph
Murphy, Harold llcclic, Kirkwood
l’ersonius, Robert Lnihn, Edward
Linck, Irving Whitmorc, Kenneth
llOlC(l‘Illll(‘,' Trcdcricl: O’Hara,
'Rnhcrl Liiwlcr. Scott Osborne,
Albert Wade. LcRoy Gill. Reginald
Davies. L, Jones. M. lirinl‘horp.

 

\\'illi.'un Jiunicson, Lyndon llulhcrt,
Lullirr .'\l|Silllliv()ll3', (i, Schmu-
grow. .\l 'lr llrinlllnupi, l'lcnry
Hopkins. .\|.‘ilhuw Devin, Harold
Srluil'r-r. llillnn .\l:lCClllll'(§y, lid
|.r-.'u'y. liilgnr Dunning, Leo Mc-
Kennu, l‘rt-rl Dennison, llug'h Bul-
lt'l‘. Morris Hay Cuntivcll, Charles
\Vullu'r. Jack Dcvinc. lilnicr llic-
dori, Jerry Tyne, Z’u’l Dorwuldl,
l.co Slit-partisan, Waller li‘ullcr,
Ilrury McNeil. Arthur Taber,
Maurice llnlhornc. Jack Johnson,
George Hilnian, ’l‘hcorlorc Cassa—
vnnl, lx'nlu‘rt Mclﬁrrlunc. Al Brody.
Sumner Rome, William Strain.
David Strain. Earl Sutherland,
Dewitt 'l‘owscnd. R. Hohiuis, Mar-
lin lhlrry, Rahh Baker, Fred
Parker, D. Cid ey, Zeke Davis,
lnhn Moore. Stanley Harrison,
lx'irilund Kenyon, Rupert Thorpe.
[Inward Maguirc. lircd Links. John
Malone. John Neuner, J. Lends.
R. Cote. llm‘old Frasier, Burton
Stilsnn. David lirocsziy.

 

9.135319!st

Ice Cream and Confectionery
MUSIC
299 Central Avenue -:- Albany. N. V.

Cotrell & Leonard

472—478 Broadway
Albany. N. Y.

WEARABLES FOR

WOMEN
Shoes Furs Suits
Frocks Tailored Hats
Luggage

 

FRANK n.
EVOIIY & CO.

Printers
I

   

Same Line of 11"]0!‘L'/l(lllt/I.A'C with
New Additions
COLLEGE PHARMACY

lnr, Weslrrn nurl No. Luke [\vcl .

 

Mac’s Restaurant

Half Fried Chicken! Wheat Cake-
Oysterl and Clams
Country Sausage Steaks and Chops

ALWAYS OPEN
295 Celilral "Ave. Ensl of Theatre

Uln'uluu ROSES
E Y R E S
FLORIST

EAV IT WITH FLOWERS

HELILI’IIONE Ion SI'AIE smear
MAIN Mann vﬁj

 

Halo“ MW“.
um Inﬁll! Ind W m
Of. “IN is I VICKI“.

’i
1 ‘l

.4“.
mg,

 

 

 

