   

        
         
     
        
      
           
    
     
     
 

  

2"Efgm‘17ih‘5wfiﬁthamm . MW‘ W“ 

 

PAGE 2

ALBAN Y STUDENT PRESS

 

ﬂigtorian Arthur M. Schlesing er

Age of Superpow

tions, in itself brutal and vicious, .

by Kenneth Deane

The spectre of “territorial
aggression is no longer the essence
o ' ‘ " ' crisis," " a
to the renowned historian and for-
mer Presidean advisor, Arthur M.
Schlesinger Jr. “The age of the
super-power has come to an end."

Dr. Schlesinger, speaking here
last Monday eVening on “Illusion
and Reality in Foreign Affairs,"
described the prevailing fear of
monolithic communist aggression
as an illusion, resulting from a
misplaced projection of mid-
century problems and solutions
into the present day international
situation.

Schelsinger marks a distinction
between, what he calls “big state
aggression" and “small state
aggression." The former a charac-
teristic of international relations
in the first half century and fatal
in its consequences for world
peace, the latter exclusively a
mode of present day foreign rela-

but limited in its international
.consequences.

I“ 1 “ Schlesinger con-
siders our involvement in Vietnam
to be the result of “a failure to
comprehend the changes in for-
eign affairs. United States leaders
are the victims of the illusion of
great state aggression." The world
ls no longer threatened by the
imperialistic designs of great
powers.

For the United States to resolve
its internal and external dif-
ficulties, he continues, it must
begin “by divesting itself of the
illusion of its Messianic role in
foreign affairs." The United States
must realize that it can no longer
'serve as the global policeman and
that it cannot provide solutions
for all the world's problems. The
first step Schlesinger therefore
concludes is for the United States
to bring an immediate end to the
Vietnam conflict, based on free

 

WHO CAUSES PREGNANCY?

two to tan 0. Men rr. 1 share the responsibility for pre-
iizdffnegs unwanted gregnun, After all. it's your future (and the
future of someone close to you) that's at stake. Weve madellit
easy for you to do your part. Now you can get condoms—nationa y
known and imported European brands—by mail from a new. nont-
roflt family planning agency. No questhns asked. So get wrth l .
Write now for full details without obllgation. (We also have books
on birth control.)

 

OPULATION SERVICES. INC. ‘
If”: N. Columbia St., Dept. (1-2 .l . Chapel Hill. N. (. 275M

Gentlemen: Please send me full details Without obligation:

Name .— ,

'Address

 

 

 

City, ._ V..- Zip_. ,_..._ 

 

 

 

 

ANY QUESTIONS PLEASE CONTACT:

MIKE GLASS at 457-876101‘

DENNIS ELKIN at 457-6978

or is Over

and democratic elections held
under the auspices of both North
and South Vietnam.

Schlesinger emphasized that he
did not advocate a neo-isolationist
foreign policy, only a realistic
appraisal of our limitations and
capabilities as well as the actual:-
ties of the existing world situa-
tion. Though the United States
must refrain from direct involve-
ment in local conﬂicts and re-
nounce its role as world savior, he
further argues, it must not absolve
itself of international respons-
ibility and leadership, but rather
provide economic aid and arms to
those nations seeking to resist
external aggression.

Dr. Schlesinger concluded that
only through a “reconstruction of
our society can We hope to influ‘
ence future world affairs." He
argued for a complete readjust-
ment of priorities—a comprehem
sive program designed to alleviate
the monumental changes and dis-
ruptions wrought by the scientific
and technologicalr revolution.
"The whole world is watching us
and only by the force of our
example will we continue to exert
influence and authority in it."

 

 

 

 

The Budget

Continued from page I

One of the most controversial new programs has been the Day Cure
Center, over which questions have arisen concerning its justification,
its administration and control, and its size. In order to continue the
Day Care beyond March 31, the University will have to request
supplementary appropriations--cstimated to be $90,000.

“That will be the crucial stage. We will have to take an honest and
)bjective look at the operation. Hopefully, it will be a moth-l of
university aid to students.”

 

Free School Coupon

Whether the Center will he af~
fectcd or not by budgetary rc»
straint is unclear, and President

 

What would you like the
Free School to do?

Benezct could not forecast. What
is apparent, howchr, is that now
programs have been slcadily cur~
tailed in recent years by the logis-
laturc and Central SUNY 'l‘hc
Experimental Collcgc program
was rejected in the 1970-7] hud

 

get rcquest.

 

 

(drop in box at CC info desk)

 

 

UNIVERSITY Concert Board

announces the

OPENING OF 6 NEW POSITIONS
FOR MEMBERSHIP ON THE BOARD

ANYONE INTERESTED MUST ATTEND A MEETING ON TUES., DEC. 1

IN LECTURE CENTER 1 AT 7:00 P.M.

APPLICATIONS AVAILABLE ONLY AT THE MEETING.

#7

 

 

THIS WEEK'S TRAFFIC CONCERT AT THE ARMORY IS SPONSORED BY THE UNIVERSITY, AND NOT BY A LOCAL
PROMOTER AS WAS THE GRATEFUL DEAD.

 

 

 

 

  
      
 
      

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1970

 

Hello...

...p0lskowslri

 

from without

    

\‘a,
World News

The United Nations adopted a treaty that bans "the placement
of nuclear weapons on the seabed" outside the liZ-milc lirnil of
any nation. The treaty, which was adopted 91-2 by the Political
Committee of the General Assembly, has been compared to thc
l967 pact which prohibited the employment of nuclear weapons
in space or any celestial body, such as the moon. An agreement
between thc United States and the Soviet Union was the driving
force behind the treaty.

Discasc is sweeping the area that was hit by a cyclone in East
Pakistan last. week, Pakistani leadcrs arc pleading for vaccine to
combal lhc rampant cholera and typhoid.

'l‘hc Soriol Union has reported to have landed a sclf-propcllcd
vehicle on the moon. The cight-whcclcd craft is thc firsl known
vchiclc lo havv operated on lhc surface of the moon.

National News

The United States Scnatc, by a 82-3 votc, passed a strong
occupational safety bill that provides for the establishment of
guides over working conditions, a regulatory powcr usually left. to
state governments. The bill cmpowvrs tbc Sccrctary of Labor to
set working standards. The measure, which now goes to the
House, was at least a temporary end of the struggle between labor
and the pro-business Nixon Administration.

Secretary of Defense Laird predicted that the military budget
would increase in the near future. Laird attributed the increase to
“inevitable upward pressures" on the Nixon Administration that
have been ignored too long.

In a landmark case, the US. Court. of Appeals for the Ninth
District at San Francisco ruled that the federal government must
clearly show Lhc urgency for the ordering of a journalist to testify
before a secret grand jury. The decision was a resultant of a case
involving Earl Caldwell, a black reporter for the New York Times.
Caldwell had refused to testify against the Black Panther Party.

American Telephone and Telegraph announced its intention to
seek an increase in interstate toll call rates, which would mean an
average raise of 6%. This will be. if granted, the first general
increase in interstate rates in l7 ycars.

State News

New York City officials have proposed a stringent anti-air
pollution code that would increase maximum penalties by 400%
for polluters, and would allow thc informants ofviolalors a share
of thc fine as reward moncy. Mayor Lindsay called the proposed
codc "the lottghcsl and most comprchcnsivc in the nation."

According to lhc Ncw York City Board of Corrections, the
Young Lord who was a prisoner in thc Tombs, and who hanged
hintsclf last month. was a victim of an “inhuman” pcnal system.
’l‘hc Board said that the demoralizing criminal system was
rcsponsiblt' for his dcrangcmcnt and subsequent death. The board.
which is strictly advisory, was rcvivvd by the Mayor aftcr the
Young Lords charged that a mcmbcr, Julio Roldan, had been
murdered in the tombs.

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE '5

Student Involvement .
An Issue m Dismissal

by Roy Lewis

Bob Jacob is a maverick. It is his
belief that the present policies of
The Board of Trustees regarding
the termination of administrative
staff contracts do not afford due
process and justice as the Ameri-
can system deﬁnes it.

At present, staff members serve
at the pleasure of the President
with no avenue of appeal availablc
if dismissed. While this strict stuff
ralationship is clearly defined in
'I‘rustcc policy for contracts of
employment, the dismissal of
Jacob as a Graduatc Assistant for
residence in Van Cortlandt Hall
has precipitated a concern for new
administrative priorities.

It was with great difficulty that
this reporter learned the situation
surrounding Jacob‘s dismis. I. Yet
aside from the personal issues
involved, there appears to have
unfolded a more important debate
on the welfare needs of the stu~
dent. versus the welfare needs of
the staff. Jacob was dismissed for
supposed unprofessional conduct.
in his dealings with higher resi-
dcncc stuff. And it is his conten-
tion that since his role in the
dorm and subsequent dismissal
would affch students directly,
thcrc should be a definite student
voice in such stuff chanch.

Prcscntly, as was cxplaincd by
Dr. Charles Fisher, head of Uni-
versity residence, l.hcrc arc no
such studcnl committccs. l’lc

 

Environment
Studies

by Kathy Stabhcrt

Apparently, the wheels have be-
gun to turn in the right. places and
the establishment pf an Environ-
mental Studies program at
SUNYA is rolling along. Accord-
ing to E. B. Schick, advisor to
President Benczct, the next step
will be for Vice Presidcnt of Aca»
dcmic Affairs, Charles O'Rcilly to
call a mccting of appropriate ad-
ministration officers.

'l‘ltcsc officers will suggest to the
Presidcnt a member of the aca-
demic community who will serve
as dircctor of the Environmental
Program. It will be his job to
develop a curriculum for this pro-
gram and to develop this program
within the limits of this universi-
ty. A committee to advise the
director will also be appointed at
this time,

The plans for this environmental
studies program stcm most direct-
ly from a conference hcld al the
Atmospheric Sciences Research
Center at Whitefacc Mountain
from October Iil to November 2.
At this conference, chI) Fiscr,
professor of Political Science,
Vincan Schacffcr of SUNYA‘s

Continued on page 9

stated himself that he would be
bothered by student committees
since they could afford an in-
trusion on the privacy of the
individual involved. He did men-
tion that there are student groups
already involved in hiring pro-
cedures. He cited his own parti-
cular case when he was inter-
viewed for his present position
last summer by students from
E,O.P. office and L.A.A.C.

The nature- of the residence ad-
ministrativu system is built on a
series of mutual obligations to
onc's superior, with final powcr
rcsling locally with the President.
/\ rcsidcncc staff member has a
number of diffcrcnt responsi-
bllilics in the chain of command
anddifficultics with the hierarchy
can, and in this case did, result in

dismissal. Yet totally left out of
the picture is the student, with
whom many of the residence staff
deal directly. It is critical to deter-
mine whether or not the admin-
istrative authority works to serve
itself or the interests of the stu-
dents. Fisher admitted that the
current system is undemocratic,
yct he feels the interests of pro-

fessionalism and privacy are best
served by this system. However,
Jacob feels that since students
best know their welfare there
should be a residence admin-
istrative system which would in-
clude them.

It is interesting to note that
Jacob was never presented a
written documented list‘of his
charges. In a court of law, clear

Continued on page 9

 

 

%_

BAHAMA VACATION

Leaving .Ian. 5, I971
Returning Jan. 12, I971
$199 per person
INCLUDES:
‘Roundtrip scheduled flights
via Pan American World
Airways from JFK airport
‘7 nights accommodations at
the Kings Court Apartment
‘Each apartment equipped
with complctc kitchenette
‘All gratuities and taxes
‘Daily maid service
DEPOSIT OF $25
this will insure reservation
For more infornuition:
Bob Ilurslcm

 

 

 

4—1

457-5047

mutant

toys, clothes, money
to the Orphans of St.Catherine’s

for the annual

THETA XI OMEGA

St. Catherine Christmas Party.

Contact Rich 467—7960

 

Campus Forum News
Colonile Quad's parking lot. will be paved OVCI‘ Thanksgiving
vacation.

An environmental studies department leading to degree programs
on [he undergraduate Icvol will probably be instituted in the near
future.

The possibility of diverting SUNYA sewage to the Hudson River
via a scwagt‘ treatment plant, rather than sending it to Patroon
(frock (soc Nov. 16 issue of the ASP) was discussed. Unfortunately
the pipclinc that would have to be used will be filled to Capacity
when Indian Quad is fully occupied. Othcr rcmcdial plans were
discussed in light of this finding

'I'cnsions (roused by the rcccnt firing of a residence staff member
(sec story on page it led to a discussion on the failures of the
hiring and firing practices hcrc at Albany. It was suggested that
next iimc such a case be presented to the Student Judicial system
or the Sludcnt Affairs Council. President Benech supported the
idea of creating a commission to deal with resolving such
conflicts.

Education Department

The teacher Education Committee of the School of Education
will hold an open hearing on a proposal for changing the teacher
education professional sequence.

The meeting will be held Monday, Nov. 30 at 3:30 in LC 2. No
dccisions have been made about the proposal therefore student
reaction should have an important bearing on the outcome.
Any qurstions contact Dr, J. Ralph Tibbcts, Ed. 210 at 457-3829
prior to the hearing.

Department of Comparative and World Literature

The department is sponsoring a lecture by Andrew Q. Morton. He
will speak on “New Tools in Literal Studies" on Tuesday, Nov. 24
at H:()() pm. in Hu 3534.

Morton is a Scottish pioneer in the computcr analysis of prose. He
can determine the authorship of pieces of at least ten lines by
defining individualistic variations in language habits shared in
some way by all writers in a language.

Gcncral

Dr. llcnc Dubos, Pulitzcr Prize winning author microbiologist and
experimental pathologist, who spoke at Albany recently has been
hired by the SUNY system to teach at the new college at
Purchase,

The ASP will not publish again until Friday, Dec. ll. lll70,duc to
the Thanksgiving recess.

 

 

 

  

Buy 2-Getl Free

with this coupon

  

  

 

 

 

uumssw, .u » '

mWﬂuWrmoswoméw

   
 
    
   
   
  

 
 

 
 

MIKE’S

 
    
  

SUBMARINE

     
   
 

IIIl§IIII_=—_IIII

I’E'IIII

either

g a
llll Gian, Roast Beef nTt

offer expires November 30, 1970
GOOD AT ALL LOCATIONS
OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK

       
   
   
   
   
       
    

NEDA

   
  
 
 

SANDWICH

 
   

 

