 

n

“mum”. V g I

 

   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
 
    
   

j 

 

 

PAGE 4

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FRIDAY, APRIL 10, 1970

 

visitations

by Morris Finder

 

 

 

When controversies arise about what goes on in a university, a basis
for resolving these is the first principle that make explicit its ends and
means.

I take the following as first principles: 1. The purpose for which the

university exists is understanding and criticism.

2. The proper starting point and the main point of reference for
all discussion concerning the university is its purpose.

3. The means for achieving the university’s purpose is free and
rational inquiry and discussion.

4. The means for changing procedures. regulations and policies
within the univeﬂity is persuasion through reason.

5. A necessary condition for discussion and communication is
that all parties are acting honestly and in good faith.

Consequences

From the first principles, certain consequences follow:

1. The purpose ofa university is not moral but intellectual.

Some current opinion holds that the aim of the university is
overthrow of the Establishment. That purpose. however. cannot be
sustained because attaining it does not require the resources of a
university but only simpler means -- propaganda. indoctrination.
sabotage. and the rest.

This does not deny the right and freedom of members of the
university to work toward changing whatever they believe requires
change.

2. Threat and violence are intolerable.

One necessary condition for free and rational discussion is absence
of physical threat and violence. Threat and violence are therefore
intolerable both as persuasion and as a condition of university life.
Peaceful demonstrations. parades. meetings. and petitions to teachers
and administrators. however. are legitimate means of expression and
persuasion. The university is obligated. therefore. to provide con‘
distions for carrying out such enterprises and for giving reasoned
responses to petitions.

3. Curricular decisions must be the responsibility of the faculty.

Although many university students possess much ability and hold
deep commitments such qualities do not justify the view that these
excellent students are thereby to be responsible for the hard and
complicated tasks of making curricular decisions. The curriculum is
the means through which the university educates its students and
grants its degrees. If the degrees are serious these attest to the
achievement of students. This certification ofachicvement is a faculty
responsibility in the same sense that certifying a cardiologist is a
responsibility of specialists in cardiology. Such responsibilities cannot
be shared with those who are to be certified.

A second reason why curricular decisions must be in the hands of
the faculty is professional competence. A faculty member is a
specialist in his subject and. typically. his competence has been
achieved through long study. deliberation. and experience. A univer-
sity is properly organized if. among other things. its members do the
work they are competent to do. Although not all curricular decisions
are wise. that fact does not in itselfjustify the making ofprofessional
decisions by the nonprofessional.

Institutional responsibility and professional competence explain
why the curriculum is a faculty responsibility.

Because the curriculum is made for the stlldans. the responses of
students to it must be elicited and their views evaluated and
incorporated into curricular plans and revisions. But final responsibili-
ty must rest with the faculty.

4. Decisions on tenure and promotions must be the responsibility of
the faculty.

Proper decisions on the qualifications of faculty members can be
made only by those who possess similar qualifications. That decision.
too. is a kind of certifying function. and the latter analogy of the
cardiologist applies here with equal force.

Because the typical faculty member is a teacher. students should be

consulted in tenure and promotion decisions. Again. institutional
responsibility and professional competence justify the view that final
decision is the responsibility of the faculty.

5. The teaching faculty must be accountable to its students

Because reason is the way of the university. courses of instruction
must be conducted rationally. An implication is that the objectives of
a course must be justified as educative. and state explicitcly.
Instruction and evaluation must be consistent with those objectives.
and improvement in courses by based upon the results of evaluation.

Put another way. as an institution committed to the way of reason.
the university is obligated to present programs of instruction that are
ordered to educative ends. Such ordering implies coherent relation-
ships among ends. class work. and evaluation.

 

 

VOTE

S.A. Referendum on

boycott of classes

for the Passover Holidays
April 13-15
Vote: Monday 12-3. Tuesday 10-3 Wednesday 10-4
CAMPUS CENTER LOBBY

 

 

 

l .

it;

 

 

 

No Inspection '

Dear Miss Edsell.
Director of Residences,

In regard to your memo dated
January 15.1970, Concerning
change in policy and procedure of
room inspection to include closet
areas, we as R.A.’s, often the im-
plement of such policy. Would
like to state our position. We feel.
since we are theoretically and
practically the link between ad-
ministration and student, and stu-
dents are the primary concern of
residence. we should be informed
of such changes before any said
inspections take place. Also. it is
our wish to state our view of this
policy change, as we do not agree
with it. We view it as a breach of
personal privacy. Indignation of
this nature on the part of the stu-
dent was expressed in an article
by Perry Silverman in the Feb. 10
issue of the ASP. The article stat-
ed that although it would take a
test case to determine the issue,
there was a possibility of the
rights of the student being in-
fringed upon. To us. the issue is of
a moral rather than a legal nature.
Consequently. it is our decision
that if requested by residence to
make such an inspection. we
would refuse to do so. First of all.
on the basis of astudent's 'pvr'
sonal rights. and secondly on the
basis that our job agreement was
to uphold the ideals in policies
and procedures and we feel that
any major changes should be re-
lated to us before being instituted.

There have been past issues of
conflict between administrative
and student concerns on the resi-
dence level and since the R.A. has
been the tie between the two, he
has only been able to rely on his
own morality and conscience to
make an appropriate decision in
these instances. We. as R.A.'s feel
that we are again placed in a
dilemma by this new “Inspection”
ruling. and again can only turn to
our own conscience.

Respectfully Submitted.
Marshall Gladstone

Ann Murphy

James Keating

Patrice Borg

Maureen Keenan

Neil Kelleher?

Dear Sir:

Neil Kelleher is alch and well in
the Biology department! Thc rc-
ccnt “one-way" dialogue spon-
sored by Dr. Robert Allen and his
automatons on March 1920 made
this ever so clear. The most im-

":"_‘c 2 1L— 
EEP, WILL 0 to Mr
W irritant
"" qu‘rrsamu '
'r on '

 

 

 

 

portant aspect of university llfe is
the right to criticize without fear
of reprisals. Does everyone admire
and love Dr. Allen and his ad-
ministrative bullies, or. is there a
heavy air of intimidation hanging
over everyone concerned from
senior faculty right on down to
undergraduates?

At both meetings there was a
noticeable lack of criticism direct-
ed at Dr. Allen and colleagues.
Why was this the case'fThe follow-
ing example may shed some light
on this question. An under-
graduate from the Spanish depart-
ment on commenting on the lack
of relevance in his science course
was met with a barrage of state-
ments such as “We don’t have the
time to teach you the social impli-
cations of pollutions," “You’re
not a biology major-just a trouble
maker. why don’t you leave" and
"get your relevance somewhere
else." Dig it- Eco— catastrophe
upon us. but get your rele-
vance elsewhere! Thus a new low
was reached in this department.
They have now put themselves
above criticism from the rest of
the academic community.

As William Kunstler pointed
out it is not those who practice
freedom of speech who are sub-
versive rather it is those who at-
tempt to silence it. How much
longer can the university com-
munity allow this type of be-
havior to continue? Dr. Allen has
stated if student power comes to
fruition he will quit. This should
be more than enough motivation
for students to come together and
let their voices be heard.

Name Withheld

NLOC Ego Trip?

To the Editors:

There has been a lot of talk
lately from certain members of
the university community, about
creating a “People‘s Park" out of
the East and West Podium Courts
that are currently being land-
scaped. From what one can
gather. nobody has any real Idea
what the final product is going to
look like. Having seen the plans
for these areas we can say with
reasonable authority that much of
the publicity arising from this is-
sue has been quite misleading and
uninformed.

The New Left Organizing Com-
mittee demands support for the
conception of “people's park." In
fact. the architects plans call for a
similar objective for what they are
demanding. The East Podium

Court (the one by the Biology
building) will consist of a large
area of grass surrounding a small
rectangular plaza (consisting of
benches and places to sit and bask
in the sun). In short. it will be a
perfect place to hold free rock
concerts.

The West Court will be de-
veloped around the six pine trees
already in existence. The area will
be similar to the benches and grass
not unlike those found behind the
Campus Center. There will be a
lineal arrangement of bluestone.
grass, benches, and the trees.

Concarning the $330.000 that
is going to be spent for both areas.
it should be noted that this in-
cludes the costs of removing the
present fill. replacing certain
pipes, putting in the grass.plazas .
and benches. this also includes
putting in facilities for water
sprinklers. and a lighting system
for night use. What we'll have
next fall is a nice place to relax
between classes. instead of the
sand (which is part of the natural
environment of this area) which
has been lying there for years. un-
used.

Since no one in the New Left
Organizing Committee seems to
have taken the trouble to find out
the facts and present them to the
people, we can only assume. from
this that their efforts are directed
only towards “a power seeking
ego trip." In presenting these
facts, we hope any member of our
community will be able to make a
rational decision on this issue. All
Power to the People!

'I‘om Peterson

David Chavis
representing the Pye
Committee for the
Preservation of the
Natural Environment
on Campus

Apology

To the University Community:

The NLOC would like to ap-
pologize to Harry Pritchett con-
cerning the relationship of his
graphics to Bad News . We did not
View our acknowledgement to him
as implying an endorsement by
him for any material that went
into the paper other than his own
art work. We would like to deeply
apologize to Mr. Prichctt for any
embarrassment it may have
brought him.

NL()(.‘

506 A
WASTE It!

 

 

WOULD You an. EVE
A are. «WEN/0N?

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

FRIDAY. APRIL 10, 1970

   

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS
.  r

 

Cullr-ga l’vvss

"HEY HAN, GET mm IT “it's our POLLUTION IS WHERE in AT!"

 

 

COMMUNICATIONS

 

 

Bad News

To the University Community:

As a follow-up on a Mora-
torium poster that I designed in
October 1969. the same students
came to me and asked me to de—
sign another poster for them that
would symbolize environmental
desecration.

The parameters that were pre-
sented to me were that decisions
to build a $250,000 sunken
garden effected cutbacks in edu-
cational programs. which didn't
scum right to me. If money is
light. it shouldn't be legislated for
cosmetic decorum. This seemed to
me reason enough to help them.

The other parameter was. (lcci«
sions on building construction
programs should seek community
and student support. Black-
topping and obliteration of mas—
sive areas of land without design
contributes to the overall ecologi—
cal imbalancc. and this too. I
agreed with.

The title for the newspaper
(BAD News) was to be a parody
on news coverage by mass media.
Therefore. the BAD News mast-
head was s serio-comic treatment
which. I was told were their aims.

l was shocked. as much as
many of my colleagues were. with
the colitcnts of the first issue. I
disclaim knowledge of the con-
tents other than thc masthead de-
sign and art work for the poster.
not the text.

I would like the University
community to know that my
talents are available for student
projcchi. but I will not associate
with any cause that advocates vio-
lance.

I‘larry Prichctt

Crcativc Design Director

Instructional Development Group
Educational Communications Center

Editorial

Hanging Gardens
To the Editors:

In ancient Babylon. to honor
his queen. Nebuchadnczzar had
constructed the Hanging Gardens.
a memorial which became a won-
der of the ancient world. But
these gardens. and the civilization
that held it soon fell into ruin.

In seems that someone here is
trying to repeat history. The
Sunken Gardens of Albany are go-
ing up now and they are going to
be quite a tribute to grandeur.
power and total uselessncss. They
may also be a memorial. or an epi-
taph, to blind acceptance. ot
those who meander through the
day. noticing that “Something is
happening here but you don't
know what it is" so why bother to
find out? Don’t get involved. it
makes life easier. But have to find
out. before this insanity. peopled
by corpses and shadows of memo-
ries. is completed.

Michael Lippman

Repeal Draft
To the Editors.

As chaplains to students and
faculty at the State University of
New York at Albany. we take the
occasion of this March 19 demon—
stration to express publicly our
dissatisfaction with the present sc-
lective service system and urge its
immediate repeal. We base our de-
cision on the following.

1. Fundamentally we feel
strongly that disarmament on eve-
ry level is the only realistic ap-
proach to peace. Continuation of
the present draft system only
maintains the ancient and histori-
cally unsuccessful power approach
in international affairs.

2. So many young man today

Comment

 

The next University Senate meeting will hopefully discuss the
('URli proposal for thc elimination of undergraduate university-wide
requirements. This l." the Ideal opportunity for the Senate to show the

University Community that llicy

changed needs of a more inlclligcnl,

are capable of adapling lo Ihc
more mature student body.

Requirements are an obslrucllou lo L‘LillCullUll and an imposition on
a student's rights. Wc arc the ones who know best how to tunnel
through Ihc jungles of academia to educate ourselves.

We urge all sludcnl senators to vote for CURE. We believe all
senators students and faculty who have a commitment to under-
gradualc learning will vote for (‘URl£.

l;vcry student should register their opinion of the CURE proposal
in the poll Io be taken next week. Ifcuough students register their
approval. the Scuulc will have little choice.

l‘lth‘ a life style which functions
in a tolally non-military way. Par<
ticipation in a system that forces
confrontalion through naked
power is abhorcnt to their dt-epcst
feelings. 'l‘hcsc young men cannot
function in a system whose only
alternative for international co‘ex-
istence is military force - il furlhcr
violates their values. it. contributes
to the spread of violence in the
United States today. it militarizes
our tuition and thereby weakens
democratic control over foreign
policy. it subverts the finer im-
pulses of men - duty. loyalty. re-
sponsibility ~ to the pursuit ()fl'v~
3r increasing ruthlcsslu-ss and the
horror of modern warfare.

Instcad of military conscrip-
tion. wc strongly support in-
creased voluntary national in.
volvcment by young men between
the ages of IR and 35 in projects
such as Vista and Peace Corps. We
call not for the reform of the law
but for outright repeal. Thousands
of men have left the country to
demonstrate their opposition to
military conscription. frequently
at great personal loss < We call for
gcncral amnesty.

Rev. Ferdinand Ermlich
Rev. Paul Smith
Rev. William Small

Amazed at 142

To the Co-Editors of the ASP.

I was amazed at the number
of applicants who applied furor
University Senate. 142 to be
exact. It appears to me that this
sudden interest in the school is
very good and very late. Where
were thcsc people when openings
appeared in committees under
University Senate? Manv student
openings have been unmlt’d since
the beginning of the school year
and many are still unfilled.
Blame can be placed partially on
lack of communication. Still. the
ASP was used and there was only
a trickle of response.

I also have a complaint about
many of the posters used for
vcuml’ﬂillninu. The posters have
made good use of the English
language. but like a hack politi~
cian's speech. they don’t say any-
thing. Students running for Senate
should have stated their views on
the University and the platforms
they were running on. Most stu-
dents have not. Catch phrases
have never made a representative
any good.

Steve Brown
an ex-candidate

 

Comment

Editorial

 

Sunken Gardens?

There are no Sunken Gardens. There are no plans to build'any
Sunken Gardens. There never will be any Sunken Gardens.

What is planned is trees, grass, shrubs. benches and sidewalks in the
East and West unfinished portions of the podium. Nothing can be
gained by encouraging incorrect information. Any group wlch does
this consistently and continually is irresponsible

Many times the administration is irresponsible in this sense. Vocal
student groups have also shown this type of irresponsibility.

chcral questions remain Do we want $3l0,000 of "simple land-
scaping"? Whether we need it or not, does the university administra-
tion have the right to plan the areas where we will spend our leisure
time?

What about priorities? We know that the money allocated for the
East and West Podium Courts has to be spent there because money
cannot be used anywhere other than where it was originally intended.

This is ridiculous. A system which is this inﬂexible and unrespon-
sivc musl be changed. Nothing can ever be accomplished unless there
is a way for thc universin to reflect the priorities of the people it is
sewing.

A.T.

The Passover Plot

The recent Passover qucxllon has brought forth a fundamental ques-
tion how long can Ihc adminislralion conliuuc to dcludc itself and
the student body that there exists on this campus a separation of
church and slate?

Winter and spring vacations have always been traditionally sche-
duled around ('lu’islmus and liaslcr. lfwiutcr cxlcnds from December
II to March 20 and spring extends fun“ March 2| to June 20. why
(TUL‘S winlcr rcccss always incluth Dcccmbcr 25 and spring recess al-
ways include whaicvcr day may be liaslcr'? This year. for example. it
would have been far more logical for spring recess to have been schc-
dulcd in the middle of April rather than lhc cud of March. when much
of New York State was plagued by severe snow storms and other
iuclcmcnl wiulcr wcalhcr.

Vacations havc have not been Ihc only source ol'vcxation for lew-
ish students. For some inconceivable reason. the dorms opened this
September on Rush lluslulml. ()fcoursc students were free to move in
Ihc following day Monday. when parcnls returned to work and the
family car was IlllthtllltllilC‘ (and when Registration] was taking place.
by Ihc way). There is simply no reason for this.

And there is simply no reason for [he University to schedule classes
this Passover. (‘harlcs ()‘Rcllly's memorandum to the faculty. asking
lhul “students should not incur any financial cost or be penalized for
missing classes. laboratories, clc..“ is basically ’ impractical. What
docs ()‘Rcilly mean by “pcualitcdm? We consider copying misscd lcc
lurc holes for anywhere up In ten hours of classes pcualizalion. Tlu
only way for students not to incur pcnalizatiou is for classes not to bi
scheduled.

We urge Dr. Kuusislo to act upon ('cntral Council‘s second recomr
mendalion for the shutting down of classes before the cry of anti-
scmilism becomes louder and completelyjustifiable. G G

 

asp stall

 

 

The Albany Student Press is published sporadically by the
Student Association of the State University of New York at
Albany. Tbc ASI’ editorial office is located in room 334 ofthc
(‘ampus (‘cnlcr It is purportedly funded by student tax. but is
in actuality financed by the C.I.A. The ASP phones are
45 7-2190 and 2W4. but nobodys ever there. so leave your com-
plaint wilh the Secretary at 457-3430.

Editors-in-Chief
Gary Gel! and Anita ’l‘hayer

Managing Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Pat O‘Hcrn

News Editors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Nancy Durish

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Carol Hughes

Assistant News Editors . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . AISenia

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . VickiZeldln

Arts Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Linda Waters

Sports Editor» . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Robert Familant

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Daue Fink
Technical Editors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 'l‘anl Clingan
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Linda Staszak

City Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Barry Kirschnar
Business Manager . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Chuck Ribak
Production Manager . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Gloria Hollistcr

Advertising Manager . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Jeff Rodgers
National Ad Manager . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Phil Franchini
Photography Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Andy I-Iochberg

All communlcltlom should be addressed to the editors and must be
signed. Names will be wllhold on mount. Letters In llmltod to 300
words and are subject to odltlng. Edltorlal policy of the Albany Student

 

Press In dotumlnod by the Editon-ln-Chlel.

 

 

 

 

