    
    

.. . ._.,,...,,«...m,..m :-

eaa .«M—~N~_— ,.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

PAGE 12

 

 

New York State

New York State

GOVERNOR-Nelson Rockefeller (R)

LT. GOVERNOR-Malcolm Wilson (R)

COMPTROLLER-Arthur Levitt (D-L)

ATTORNEY GENERAL-Louis Let‘kowitz (R)

U.S. SENATE-James Buckley (C)

NEW YORK STATE SENATE-Republicans retain control 32-25.
sustaining a loss of one seat

NEW YORK STATE ASSEMBLY-Republicans retain control 79-71
with no change in relative party strength

NEW YORK CONGRESSIONAL DELEGATION-Democrats retain
control 24-17, but lost two seats to the Republicans

Albany Area

FONGRESS: 29 C.D.-Sam Stratton
30 C.D.-Car1ton King (R)
STATE SENATE: 39 S.D.-Douglas Judson (R—C)
40 S.D.-Walter Langley (R)
41 S.D.-Da|win Niles (R-C)
STATE ASSEMBLY: 101 A.D.-Neil Kelleher (R-C)
102 A.D.-Thomas Brown (D)
103 A.D.-Fred Field (R)
104 A.D.-Mary Anne Kurpsak (D-L)
105 A.D.-Clark Wemple (R-C)
106 A.D.-Fred Droms (R-C)

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 6. 1970

 

L

NEWS ANAL YSIS

by Bob Warner
News Editor

The 1970 mid-term elections seem to have given
Nixon a slight gain in the Senate, and a minute loss
in the House. The Republicans, who have gained
two seats, including Buckley's, have fallen far short
of their original goal of Senate control, however.
Considering that the Republicans spent $65 million
to gain control, plus an incredible amount of energy
and prestige by Nixon, Agnew, and many Repub-
lican Senators, the Administration has gone down to
defeat.

They have obtained a slightly more conservative
Senate, however, with Gore, ’I‘ydings, and Goodell
going down to defeat. The Democrats have gained,
though, impressive Senate victories in California and
Illinois. The Southern Democratic gains, though
significant for party control, have virtually no effect
on the ideological struggle in the Senate.

Another consideration in terming Nixon's cam-
paign efforts a failure, is that the President has again
been denied a Republican Congress;every President

for over a century has obtained at the time of his
election to office, control of Congress-except Mr.
Nixon.

Not only will this year's gubernatorial outcome
affect the 1972 Presidential election, it will affect
the redistricting of all House and State legislative
seats for the next decade.

In summary, it seems safe to say that while New
York and Connecticut were Republican landslides,
the nationwide results indicate that this has been a
Democratic year.

The gubernatorial races have resulted in an im-
pressivc gain for the Democrats. As Lawrence
O'Brien, the Democratic national chairman, said,
this is “nothing short of a fantastic Democratic
win." Considering that the Democrats went into the
election in the minority, with only 18 out of 50
governorships, and now have the majority of state
houses, 29 to 21, O’Brien’s claim is not mere
exaggeration.

 

 

3 C.D.-Lester Wolff (D-L)

5 C.D.-Norman Lent (R-C)

B C.D.-Benjamin Rosenthal (DU
10 C.D.-Emmanuel Cellar (D-L)
17 C.D.-Edward KOch (D-L)
18 C.D.-Charles Rangel (RD)
19 C.D.-Bclla Abzug (D)

20 C.D.-William Ryan (D-L)

21 C.D.-Hcrman Badillo (D-L)
22 C.D.-James Scheucr (D-L)
25 C.D.-Peter Peyser (R)

26 C.D.-Ogden Reid (R-L)
27 C.D.-John Dow (D-L)

 

Congressional Races in N .Y.C. Metropolitan Area-Partial Listing

 

 

Election Comment

by Vicki Zeldin

News Editor
Sam Stratlon heckled by
SUNYA crowd.

Neil Kelleher attempts to halt
Kuntsler from coming to State. in
fact he objects to allowing any
"radical" speakers on state cam
puses.

Conservative James liuckley
campaigns on law and order issue.

"Hawk" Sam Slralton topples
"Dove" Button by 2-! margin.

Conservative Neil Kelleher beats
Liberal Party endorsed Adrian
Gonyea.

Third party, Pro-Nixon Conscrv
uatiue James Buckley defeats
Agnew "damned" "liberal" Re-
publican incumbent Charles
Goodell and wealthy Weslchesler
Democrat Richard Ollinger for a
six-year US. Senate term.

Goldberg loses to a newly
moved to righl~ofecenter
Rockefeller, and loses badly
despite his being Jewish and hav-
ing a black running mate—or may-
be because he is Jewish and be-
cause he had a black running
mate.

“Radical,” "Liberal," "Dove"
Allard K. Lowensleln loses down
in Nassau County.

Well, there it is in New York
State. The important positions,
the positions that people looked
towards an channels to air their
displeasure with America, have
been severely constricted.
Whether or not the youth of this
state gaVe the candidates that they
wanted to see elected enough sup
port is questionable. But actually
it‘s relatively unimportant for a
conservative tide has swept across
the state. A tide that can perhaps
be most aptly attributed to the
campus unrest and ensuing do-
struction during last spring in par-
ticular.

'I‘o every action there is an equal
and opposiw reaction. It seems
that in politics to every surge to
the left, every surge towards vio-
Icnce, there Ill an equal and oppov

site move towards the right,
towards the issue of law and
order.

The fact that many. although
not enough, honestly commiltcd
and involvcd youth worked for
candidates really didn‘t make a
difference. The youth of loday
have been stereotyped by Mistcrs
Nixon and Agnew as no good, and
a large segment of the electorate
has accepted this image. Although
the inflamed rhetoric of these lwu
men is an abuse of their authority
and their position they merely
said what a large segment of the
population was thinking.

Unfortunately it is not the
"good," hardworking, average
youth who makes the headlines.
Rather it is the bomb and brick
throwing minority who are
focused upon. Because of this
candidates who welcome student
volunteers did so cautiously. The
longer of the long haired workers
Were kept at the candidates' head-
quarters answering phones.

It is not that the candidates
truly question these students‘ sin-
cerity, but they also hold no
illusions as to the importance of
images. And to a large part of
middle America today. :i long-
haired, beaded, belled, booted
youth is a bomb and bricklhrow-
iiig youth. To say the least, this is
unfortunate.

To change this image is difficult
Almost as difficult as changing Illl'
composition of the state, local
and national legislatures. But if Wc
wunl to work within this system,
even with all its faults, to contin-
uc to exist as a free, hopefully a
freer state, we must change the
composition of the law and dch
sioii making bodies of this
country. To do this We musl not
even give Agnew and Nixon and
others the chance to make our
image for us. We must make our
own inuigc, and hopefully it will
be one of a responsible, and of
course frustrated, concerned, and
of course upset, involved, but of
course legally. intelligent, but of
course still willing to learn, youth
of today.

Election, Results:

leads by 3800 votes, but a recount is underway.

Republicans, One race is undecided as of now.

Democrats will have 20 governorsliips.

Senate Races

:1 [mike Stevens (ll)

A ri'zonur Fannin (R)
('uliforniu 'I‘uniiey (D)
(‘onncclicut Weickcr (It)
I)cluiuori'~ Ilolii (ll)
Florida-Chile's (D)

lltllUull I’ong (It)

Illniios Stevenson (1))
Indiana Undecided
A’ltlllllLMllSkItl (D)
Maryland Beall (R)
Massachusetts» Kennedy (D)
lklichlgonllnrt (D)
lkli'micsotu-I'Iumplirey (D)
MississippivStt-nnis (D)
[Missouri Symington (D)
MontanirMansfield (D)
Nebraska Ilruska (R)
Nt'l'tltltl Cannon (D)

Ncw .lcrscy Williams (1))
Ncur Mexico Munloyii (1))
Ncui Yorli' Buckley ((1)
North Ihiliolu llurdick (1))
()liio»'l'afl (Ii)
I'cnnsylivunio Scolltll)
Itliorlc Islam! I’nsiorc (1))
'l'cnncsscc llrock (ll)
'l'mus Iiciilscn (1))

('Iuli Moss (1))

\'i'riiiunl I’i'iiul y (Ii)
l’irglniu Harry Iiyrd (Iiul )
ll'ushmglon Jackson (1))
ll'csi Virginia lloln-ri liyrd (1))
ll'isconslii I’roxiiui'i- (1))
ll'voinuig Mc(ii-c (1))

 

NATIONAL VIEW

UNITED STATES SENATE: Democrats 53, Republicans 44, Conservatives 1, Independents 1. Assuming
that Buckley. the Conservative, will vote for the Republicans, and Harry Byrd, the Independent, will vote
for the Democrats to reorganize the Senate next January, the balance of power will still be maintainedby
the Democrats, 5445. This constitutes a net gain of two seats for the Republicans. The undecided race is
in Indiana, where the incumbent Hartkc (D) is being challenged by Roildebush (R). As of now, Hartke

HOUSE. CF REPRESENTATIVES: The Democrats have gained 12 seats in the House, so that the
composition of the Il2nd Congress when it convenes in January, will be 2135 Democrats and 179

GOVERNORSHIPS: The Democrats have gained 10 governorships, to give them the majority of state
houses, 28 lo 21 for the Republicans. One race is in doubt: in Rhodc Island where Liclit (D) is holding a
slim lead over DcSImooc (R). If Licht can hold his lead when the absentee ballots have been counted, the

Gubernatorial Races

A lobamu-Wiillace (D)
Ales/IurEgan (D)

A rizona-Williams (R)

A rhunsiis-Bumpers (D)
(.‘uliforniu- Reagan (R)
Colorado-Love (R)
(.‘onnecticul-Meskill (R)
lv‘loriduAskew (1)1
Georgia-Carter (D)
IluiuaiivBurns (D)
Idaho-Samuelson (R)
Iowa-Ray (R)
Kansas-Docking (D)
Maine-Curtis (D)
Maryland-Mandel (D)
Massachusc(ls-Sargent (R)
Michigan-Millikan (R)
MinnesoldAnderson (D)
Ncbroshu Exon (D)
Ncuuila-O'Ciillnghun (D)
New HampshirePeterson (R)
Np“: Mcxico- King (1))s,
New York~liockcfcllcr (It)
()hlo-(lilligaii (1))
Oklahoma Ilull (D)
()rcgon McCall (It)
l'cnnsyli-unio Sliupp (1))
It’lioilc Islunrl Undecided
.N‘oulli t'uruluni Wcsl (D)
.S'iiiillt Iluliolu Kucip (D)
'l'i'nncsscc Duiiii (Ii)
'l'c.\‘us Siuilli (D)
\'i'I'inonl Davis (Ii)
ll’isconsin Lacey (1))

 

 

PRICE FIVE CENTS OFF CAMPUS

Albany

Vol. [VII No. 34.

is... In palate! on.

and local environmental groups.

State University of New York at Albany

  

troop

Creek, h the taut or 1 2| econom

 

Student Press

Contents copyright1970.

  Rats on Campus.

...silucr

Tobin, Patroon Creek Polluter,
Conservation Protest Target

By Julian Matthias

“Tobin Flash You" will be one
of thi.I slogans used by boycotters
on Saturday, November 21.
Tobin‘s is a local meat packaging
company that has become the
target of SUNYA‘s PYE Club and
other local environmentalist
groups.

The Industrial Pollutioncom'
mittee of PYE Club has organized
on economic boycott of Tobin's
on Saturday, November 21. Their
plan is to demonstrate at. local
supcrninrlo-ls. 'I'he prolestcrs will
speak with cuslonu-I‘s, show
photographs, give out leaflets, al-
low lhcni lo smell samples of
water from I’alroon Creek, and

Council Grants WSUA
Funds Despite Walkout

will urge them not to buy Tobin‘s
products.

Tobin’s is a major but by no
means the only polluter of Pat-
roon Creek. The sewage that they
spew out is particularly noxious;
much of it consists of blood, guts,
organs, and other rotting organic
material, which not only smells
less than appetizing but is respon-
sible for maintaining a rather
dense population of rals. Its ef-
fects on the environment are dis-
astrous. Interestingly, Tobin‘s has
received an anti-pollution award
from Mayor Corning.

One plan to eliminate the
problem is to dam up the creek to
permit the pollutants to pre-
cipilntc to the bottom. The com—
pany's excuse for not doing this is
that it Would cost $100,000. Also
the Albany sewage treatment

by Paul Iirdheini

The controversy over WSUA's bu

dch has finally ended. The station

WIII rcccivu ﬂ $311451“!supplemental budgetas a result of last

'l‘hursilny‘s Central Council meeting
The action came despite the att

empt of two council members to

iiivalidale the vote on the motion by walking out of the debate in an
attempt to reduce the number present below that of a quorum.
Despite their attempt the quorum remained intact.

'I'lu- tenor of IIlt‘ dcbatc contrasted sharply with the tumultuous
discussion of lasl Week which had ended in the defeat of WSUA's
budget. Allegations of misinnnngemcnl had led many council members
to believe that llic cxcculivo staff of WSUA could not be “trusted”

with the additional monies.

An adililioniil specification of the bill  which was not included in

last week's defeated hill — was 1
expenditures over $100 be attache
to Student Association." This in t
lures will havu to be approved
Associalion.

lial “a detailed cxpliiiiation of all
(I to the voucher request submitted
~l'fcct meant that sizeablc expendi-
liy llic vice-president of Student

The WHO that (Ii-I'culcd the bill at the previous week's meeting was
10-10-6 wliilc thc VUIt' lhut passed llll' bill was 17-50..
It was not clear cxuclly what motivated so many council members

 

to switch their votes. It was apparent however that many council
members were dissatisl'icd willi tlii- confused and lumultuous discus-
Mill) iit llic previous uu-cting. (louncil members also argued that the
alleged "bud I'ullhH on lhc part of thc radio's sl.il't' liud transforniud
)lacll'. Sonic council iiii-mbcrs expressed hi'licf llint llii- stuff showed
ltt'W Willingness to manage their affairs with fiscal rcspousibility.

After the meeting the stuff expressed enthusiasm about their plunh
to mch uptown and broadcast 24 hours a day by spring semester.
There are also plans to go I"M stereo in the near future.

.Wimtwwumum.ahiwammwumm

plant should be finished by the
time they finished the damming of
the creek. However, Tobin's pro-
fits for the last fiscal year totaled
$1,211,080 and the sewage treat-
ment plant which is already be-
hind schedule won't be finished
for 18 months.

The Tobin's company defends
itself by claiming that there are
other polluters. Noteworthy that
one of the other polluters cited
was SUNY at Albany.

   

Three out of four rats surveyed prefer Campus Center garbage to any other kind of pirbage.

Tuesday. November l0. l970

by Harry Weiner

There's a new I‘little fella" around campus. He‘s small, although
bigger than a mouse, and his coat is usually black, brown, or gray.
Complete with a long tail, you have probably seen him scurrying
across the podium or quads when all is quiet. No, he’s not an
undergraduate pledging a fraternity - he's a rat. And his presence on
this concrete paradise has created an uprising among SUNYA'I
inhabitants -- an uprising to find out what, if anything, is beingdone
to get rid of him.

Ira V. Devoe, head maintenance supervisor, provided a number of
reasons for the prevalence of rats on the campus this year. According
to the laws of nature, rats are quite happy living out in the open fields
during the warmer months. But as soon as the fall season rolls around,
these rodents are forced to find warmer surroundings - such as
basements and garbage pails.

Mr. Devoe also pointed out that the large amount of people around
campus produces a proportionately large amount of garbage which
attracts rats if left strewn around. These factors he labeled more or
less “normal,” and that relatively little could be done to prevent the
rats from coming out into the open in their search for food and
Ilielter.

The abundance of rats this year, which he claimed to be “definitely
abnormal," relates to the fact that SUNYA is still undergoing growing
pains. As construction proceeds both on Indian Quad and at the field
house site, colonies of rats are being disturbEd and sent cut to look
for new homes. Once they get onto the podium and quadranglcs.
there is relatiVely no place to go except into open garbage pails (which
are usually rare) and buildings.

The university (through the Buildings and Grounds Department) has
an extermination contract, and exterminators are at work around the
campus on a regular basis. Although he didn't know exactly what kind
of poison was being used, Mr. Devoe said that they were “selective
poisons" which were okayed by the university after careful analysis.
In any event, extermination is restricted to buildings and nearby
vicinities, owing to the fact that any attempt to kill all of the rats
around the entire campus would probably involve killing many other
animals, such as birds, chipmunks and squirrels.

As part of this year's extermination process, a special survey is being
taken to try and evaluate present conditions that lend themselves
towards rat infestation, and to enact certain changes which would
prevent the problem from'reoccurringnext full.

Thus the "rat" problem here at SUNYA is a combination of two
factors — construction for new buildings and the great amount of
garbage being left around by a large group of very careless people. We
cannot control the processes of construction. Can we control the
pollution of our own university?

,, potskowskl

 

 

