.—-‘ —:':=-;::—.‘7~.

 

 

;

- “VJ-,XWV‘VT.
‘j="’;t1h‘,2.' "»'~V,‘.‘$5‘=’o'ri|‘;ﬂ~,sf-V.Z‘P‘JXJ" "

:~ mar-3.17. ~.:'

.... 1 ...~-

’ ' AMAW
.m.AABW.MM _.A,AM,A..A,‘A AA,— .

A a - n A.A.W.MWHA.—,

AA<A M. .AJ—cAAA. - ,-. .

 

' PAGE 16.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

'a- gig

i
. 4

 

 

 

 

Educational Excellence?

Once upon a time, there existed a
nation which prided itself on its
educational excellence. Every-
body spoke only praise of its
secondary schools and universi-
ties. These schools were the places
where parents used to send their
children to get ahead, when
getting ahead meant something
different than it does today.
Needless to say, the students
started questioning the founda-
tions upon which the schools were
built, and they even questioned
some people and administrators
too. The university was accused of
being interwoven within the com-
plex military-industrial complex.
So many administrators were
questioned on this complex rela-
tionship that quite a few of them
developed a complex of their
own. Many frauds proved Sig-
mund correct.

Some people who noticed the
problem within the university de<
cided to see what the high
schools were like. They expected

to find subversive elements influ-
encing the minds of the young,
but found faculty members were
relatively "straight." They were
not only straight, but were
moving along Rigor Mortis Drive
rapidly.

In high school, things were like
this. When anyone walked into a
bathroom, it was worse than being
in Los Angeles, smogwisc. Some-
times when teachers waikcd in
they ordered those partaking in
creating this semi-purple-
haze-making to sit in detention
that night. This means that a
student Would have to sit quietly
in a room from about 7:00 to
9:00 p.m.. After completing this
police function, the “teacher”
would usually retire to his depart
ment office for a heavy smoke or
two.

Then there were coaches of
teams. Now these guys were pure,
if anyone smoked on one of their
tennis, it was a no-no. if anyone
drank on one oftheir teams, it was

a no-no. if anyone had syphilus
they undoubtedly would have
been thrown off the team too. It
is unknown how many coaches
have had liver trouble, but many
have gone home to their wives
with an urge to soccer.
Admidst other problems, a drug
"epidemic" swept the land. "1
dont know why they destroy
themselves like that," said the
teacher, after ordering one of his
students to copy the words in the
dictionary. “You think that they
have problems like grown-up peo-
plc do!"
“You know what really annoys
me‘.’ ’i‘hesc hyppocritical kids who
want rights without
rcspoiisihililies and who say they
are for peace and who can't even
get along willi thcir parents. They
arc iiisccurc." mentioned the man
salaricd by the school to teach,
whilc llt' sucked on his grade
book.
And the kids turned off and on.
B.K

     

CommunicatiOns

 

Easter Hassles

To The Editor:

We would like to bring to the attention of the
student body the fact that as now scheduled we
must come back to campus after spring recess on
Easter Sunday. Considering the great distances that
students must travel, the present arrangement would
not allow students to spend much time with their
families on this day.

We propose that spring vacation should begin iit
5:00 p.m. on Monday, April 6 instead of on
Saturday, April 3. Dorms would then reopen at l2
noon on Monday. April 12 instead of on Easter
Sunday.

Students interested in changing the present
schedule should contact their quad Central Council
representative or Faculty-Student senator. The
names of representatives can be obtained by calling
the Student Association ofﬁce at 457-6542.

Geraldine Pionessa
Deborah Deary
Margaret Payne

Angela Scarfabotti

Jane Miiddow

Patroon Creek

To the Editor:

The article on the Death of Patroon Creek was
timely and well done, for the most part. it was an
honest effort to do more than talk in generalities
about pollution. Several questions which came to
my mind towards the end of the article remained
unanswered, however. i would like to know if the
Tobin Packing Company iii performing a needed
community Service (that is, do people desire to buy
their meat products) and, if so. is it possible for
Tobin to continue to perform this service while
further abuting the poiution they create? Mr. Oblas
did not indicate the types of action the company
might take, other than just wait for the expected
hook-up to some distant sewer system not yet under
construction. i suspect that others besides myself do
not know the steps which comparable firms have
takun to alleviate pollution. if we learn more
exactly what Tobin has not done, then we as
individuals are more capable of confronting Tobin
on this issue.

By this time most of us are aware of the
environmental crisis, but unfortunately it is hard for
us to really evaluate all sides of the issues because of
the lack of definite information. i would like to see
a series in the ASP putting forth "hard" information
on selected problems such as phosphates in deter-
gents, and what might occur if we were to replace
them with something else, etc. Discussion of other
issues of a more local nature, such as the Patroon
Creek problem, would also be welcome. Also, it
would be nice to have a more optimistic article
illustrating positive effects of pollution abatement
(if such a situation can be found). And finally, I
suspect many of us would enjoy reading an article
which describes an effective municipal sewer, gar»
bage, iind trash disposal system.

Sincerely,
John N. Aronson
Chemistry Department

Bad News?

To the Editor:

The Tuesday, November 10 issue of ASP was the
worst issue that l have seen in my short time here.
Clearly “Rats on Campus" is hardly my (or i should
hope anyone elac's) idea of a front page news story.
Such a story should be considered a feature and
should ihcrcforc be assigned to a place on a
subsequent page. Furthermore, PYE activilics,
though interesting and highly commendable, should
not be given coverage on page one. Priority should
be given to subjects afi'ccliiig the university conr
munity as a whole. Perhaps ASP should reconsider
what constitutes news and what constitutes fca-
turcs.

The “Airplane” article on page fivc was an insult
to the intelligence of college students in general.
Such was truly an example of a "concise" review (or
whatever it was supposed to he). lioy Si Shirley
should win the year's booby prize for that one. is
that all that can be said about the Airplane concert
that drcw two sellout crowd» '.' _

l have often wondered what ASP has done Io
institute regular columns of the arts, satire in
general, etc. Such might be a good idea.

Thankfully the Eep, ASP Sports, and the Com-
munications paged have remained up to par-let's
hope they won't have to'save this “New York Daily
Newa"ish publication for long.

Bob Kuttiin

  

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1970

7

Comment

Editorial

 

Environmental Crime

Construction of the uptown campus of Albany State began in
I962. Since that time an industrial area has grown in the
Exchange West Area, shopping centers have been built in the
Colonic and Central Avenue areas, and all this while, state and
city ofﬁcials have known that the lack of sewage treatment has
meant environmental destruction and the threat of disease.

State and city officials have been Criminally negligent of their
rcsponsabiiiiy. They admittedly have known of the severity of the
pollution. they admittedly have realized all the while that the one
sewage treatment plant at Westerlo island—~built in l9lO>--~was
doing absolutely nothing to lessen the destructive effects of
untreated waste.

instead, anticipating the economic advantage of the industrial and
commercial growth, and unwilling to risk unpopularin in educat-
ing the public to the need for extensive and expensive treatment
units, they have permitted the situtation to seriously worsen and
have spoken too vaguely for too long ofa unified sewage system.
livcn now, there are serious questions as to whether the proposed
system will adequately handle the dumpagc of waste.

The State Health Department lists Albany County as a “major”
polluter of the environment. it lists all the surrounding citicsand
communities as “major” polluters. it lists Tobin Packing Com-
pany in the same category the same catagory as a city of
120,000.

What is most disheartening is thal the public must now depend on
the same city and state officials who have dragged their feet for so
long. Obviously, Tobin‘s. State University, Manning Paper, Nor-
iniskili Scplic and Killip Laundry cannot be cxpcclcd to build
llicir own individual treatment pianls. Yet, what they must do, in
rccognilioii of their own parl in the pollution mess. is to put lllL'
iiiiiiosl picssurc on the cily and slalc to cxpcdilc the county
scwagc Ii‘calniciil syslcin.

Wc arc asked by the cily to bclicvc Iluil this cciiliai syslcni \vili
llppt‘ill' within the next two years. We arc asked to bclicvc this by
a government which has known of the siluzilion for tliirly ycars
and which has helped to make it grow worse wiliiin the last eight
years by approving the growth and development of further
indusliiai and commercial polluters. We cannot simply bciicvc.
Uiiforlunziicly, we are at the point Where In prcscrvc llic quality
oflit'c wc niiisl slrugglc against cily and statc bureaucracy.

Only i'oicefui and constant pressure will prod these officials into
action. Only a public outcry against thcir present course of events
will force them to reconsider lhcir budgetary priorities. For the
sake of our collectch necks. this outcry must be heard.

Thursday’s Fast

This Thursday night, one of the fraternities on campus is
sponsoring a food fast for tlic American lndians. Food Service will
givc approximately $1.00 for cvcrynical not consumed. The
money will be used for the support of the currently existing
Navajo Community College. We liaVi: neglected the Indian for loo
long. (iiving up one meal is a small thing to ask. Please do not call
on Thursday night. This money can bc piil to constructive iisc.

 

albany student press

iieill e. shanahiin
cdilor I'Ii-r-liic/

managing editor
, . . .aralynn aharc i"\W't‘ullm‘ "filter
business manager . . . . . carol llligllcs
. . V . .chuck rihak IH'u's I‘rlitm‘s
iii/iti'riisiiig Iiiiiiiugi'r . bob thl’llt‘f
. . . . ,jL-ff rodgcrs .vicki lcldlll
nssisltiii! or! manager

barbara coopcrinaii
luciiiiiriil editor

fi'iiluri’s 4'fflflll‘
, . . . . john o'grady
iii'ls cilitor
. . . . .ltllll cliiigan liiidii waters
associate li-i‘liliii'u! i'dilors

.suc scligson

. . . . dan williains

circulation iiiriiiugi'r

suc faulkncr

sports editor
. . . .davc fink
graphics
jon gut tinan
. . . . . .ltllllflltltlt‘h
graffiti r'lussificii

photography I'tflftli'
. dorotliy piiillip .

andy lioclibcrg

The Albany Siudaiii Piusio is located in room 326 of the Campus Cantor
building at the Straight University of New Voik at Albany. The ASP was
founded by His Crass of 1918. and is funded by Student Till and any nickel;
which mm the automatic toll booth: on the Thruway. Phone: are 4672190
and 2104.

Communications are iiniiiad to 299 words and are subject to editing.
Editorial policy of the ASP I: determined by Nicotine Shanaiian, adilorin~
chief. Entire contents of the ASP are copyright 1970 by the Albany Sliidanl

 

 

ms

 

 

FIVE CENTS OFF CAMPUS

 

Vol. [VII

State .Restricts
SUNYA Growth

by Neill Shanahan

The growth of SUNYA has been restricted due to budgetary
restraints imposed by the State Legislature and SUNY Central Office,
President Benezet said yesterday. As a consequence, the Master Plan,
which outlines the long-range goals of the University, will have to be
revised and cut back.

“The economic indicators are down." President Benezet said. “Tax
revenues are inadequﬂicl. We are going to have to take a good hard
|ook~~a basic review of our prioritim." President Benezet made his
remarks in tin interview with the Albany Student Press. His statements
were similar to those Dr. Allen Kuusisto, his predecessor, had made in
his 1970-71 Budget Message.

Although the restraint over the last few years has affected all
departments, some have been hit harder than others. Among those
most affected have been the library, new and experimental programs,
the School of Nursing and increases in faculty personnel.

"The concept of a limitless Albany State was a dream and we realize
it must be brought into reality." Dr. Benezet said.

That concept, as incorporated into the Master Plan, called for an
increase in the number of students to over 20,000 by 1975, the
growth of library volumes to nearly two million. the accredidation of
a School of Nursing, a significant increase in the number of
fellowships for teaching assistants, and significant increase in the space
available.

Among those areas hardest hit has been workload allotments for
personnel-~faculty lines. Dr. Benezet said that at an October 12
Budgetary Hearing Meeting, the University had emerged with support
for only oncvthird of the previously authoriZed faculty increases.

Library purchases have been curtailed as well. According to a
formula used, called the Clapp Jordan formula, SUNYA should now
possess over one million volumes. it possesses about 600,000 and will
fall nearly one million behind by 1975 at the present rate.

“We will be forced into a situation of selective increase in the

 

 

31‘5": Wmcm’tzmgfm

r .. . _ Km, .1 .._1,=..5:m_..WmW—. _.

 

5 volume of books, going for quality rather than quantity," Dr. Benezet
.. said.

3 The Library faces space problems as well. Dr. Benezet noted that
g other ofﬁces, such as EOP are currently holding space in the building's
ii basement.

 The School of Nursing has not yet achieved accreditation. in 1969,
g the dean of the school nearly quit rather than continue without
.é adequate financial support. Currently, due to space problems, the
 Nursing School is occupying space in the BA Building.

 in 1970-71 Budget Message, Dr. Kuussisto had said: "The rate of
 progress mandated by the Master Plan cannot be attained." He bad

‘93.

also noted, “Many faculty members came to SUNYA with great
expectations, not so much for personal recompence but rather
because they believed that they would be partners in one of the most
vibrant and vital university expansions in the world. Practically, they
were led to expect the resources, staff, supplies, and equipment
needed to develop their respective programs to an advanced level of
excellence. Their’s is now a mood of disenchantment."

President Benezet said that he could not determine whether
disenchantment exists at present or not, but did say that previous
estimates and commitments had a dreamlike quality and that many

  

. smaller than we ought to be," he said.

.1 "Most faculty recognize the reality of the situation and know that
the best response we can possibly make is to come up with new ideas
iind new sources of revenue, and new ,»rograms, such as the
Environmental Studies, which have an appeal. "

Continued on page 2

l

.,

i

 would not be fulfilled at the present rate of growth. “We'll end up
i

i

l

E ...de young
i

i

i

 

 

Contents copyright 1870

State University of New York at Albany

 

 

The library, both space-wise and book
workload, as well as staff numbers are all

Crime on Campus

   

by Sharon Cohen

in the past year, SUNYA has
experienced a rapid increase in the
number of crimes committed on
campus. As of November of last
year, 507 crimes had been report-
ed to the security office; this year,
the number has risen to ilEltil~ re-
ported crimes.

um
um

 

    

    

According to John Henighan, an
investigator for the security office
the major complaint is petty
thievery in the dorms. This in-
cludes the theft of wallets, radios,
and other personal possessions. He
attributes these thefts to the
“openness” of students' suites and
rooms, and of the dormitories
themselves. He feels that the un-
enforced 11 o'clock lock-up and
unlocked suites and rooms “in-
vita” people to steal.

Twill/l

-wisc, enlargement of the plant facilities,reseafcll and teacher
affected as a result ofa change in state budget priorities.

...rosenberg and goodman

., f.  ‘9
geis’twti

Another big problem is theft out
of cars in the parking lots, with
tape decks being a very common
item stolen. A cause of these
thefts is the fact that the parking
lots are poorly lit and are laid out
with no provisions for security.

The types of crimes committed
have not really changed, at least in
the past two years. During the last
few weeks, though, there have
been instances of armed robberies
on campus.

Along with the rise in the num-

er of crimes, the number of
arrests made by security have also
increased. There has been an in-
creasing number of cases in which
the victim has insisted on pressing
charges, even for petty thefts,
although thcrc is a limited amount
of evidence in these instances.

Wiilt's Submarine Shop has been
a victim of twu armed robberies.
On two consecutive nights in
September, the driver of the de-
livery truck was held up, once at
gunpoint, and once with the
threat of a gun. The store window
has also been broken and subs
stolen.

Walt‘s Submarines" deliveries
have been a target for several
robberies both this semester and
lust (left).

Security men and a student
investigate damage done by van-
dals to a student car (right).

...cliaw

 

 

