 
   
 
 

l
i

 

The Kent State 25

We have witnessed the slaughter of thousands of
Americans, Vietnamese, Cambodians and Laotians.
US bombers continue their systematic destruction
throughout most of Indochina. Yet, when American
students rise to protest this daily violence, they are
gunned down by the National Guard and then
found guilty of their own murders.

The indictment of student leaders at Kent State
symbolizes the complete breakdown of American
justice and sense of proportion. We are blind to
widespread deaths in Asia, yet indict those who
raise their voice against it. We are blind to the
repressive policies at home, and exonerate those
who fulﬁll them.

This is precisely the policy of the national
administration. Anti-crime bills bring thousands of
FBI agents on the campuses, lock citizens in jail
without ball or charge or trial, while government
lawyers effectively sabotage the prosecution of
those who massacre Vietnamese children. Moreover,
our determined support of the landed elite in
agrarian nations results in massive death and de-
struction. This nation is engaged in the systematic
erosion of democracy and minority rights here and
abroad.

But now we are tired of demonstrating and we are
tired of beating our heads against brick walls. It
seems as if we have accepted defeat and the
dcmoralization that it brings.

The fact remains that the Vietnamese people are
tired of fighting and the fact remains that the
leaders of the Kent State government have been
arrested just this week and the policies of repression
continue to escalate. President Nixon is intent on
supressing the voices that dare raise their heads
against him, whether those voices be New York
senators or student government leaders. There will
be more Kent States and more Jackson States and,
as the trial of Black Panther Vernon Bowen shows.
it could happen here.

The issue for us is not whether we are violent.
whether we are violent or not, the police will be
violent. Since the student strike. the Defense De-
partment has appropriated 250,000 M-lo rifles for
use by the National Guard rifles which shoot at
machine-gun speed and which are currently used
against the Vietnamese people.

The issue for us is that for the moment we must
bury political differences. The issue is that those
whose sense of morality and proportion still exists
mobilize themselves to raise the point again and
again: that this nation is oti a course doomed to
bring the destruction of itself. destruction of its
principles, and death or imprisonment to millions
here and abroad who stand lil its way.

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

  

 
  

FRIDAY, OC’I‘CBER 23,1970

 

    
   
     

 

 

 

albany student press3

editor-ln~ciiicf ‘
nail]

lion ll

 

I managing editor

... . . . .anlynnabare
bmineu manager I

. . . . . . . .chuekriblk
advertising manager

. . . . . . . .jeffrodgers
technical editor

... . . . . .tomclingan
associate technical editors
. . .sueseligson

....,..daiiwllllamii
production manager

. . . . . . glorialiollister
circulation manager

. . . . . . . suefaulkner

executive editor
. . . carol hughes~
news editors
. . . . .bob wamer
........vlcldzeldini
art-editor i
. . . linda waters‘
sports editor
. . . . .davellnk‘
city editor l
. . .elmore bowes
layout editor .
. . . . . .j.steplienﬂavin
photography editor
......andyhochberg

The Albany Student Prul i. iocma In room 326 at tho Cum-ii Center in _
1h 8m- Unimslly oi New Vorlt It Albany. Tlta ASP VIII loundod ape ago
and is Mid-d by motion! lax. Our phones an 467-2100 and 110‘. but

rile-lions Ion limited to 300 words and an lubkc! to editing.

' than
M I our
Editorial polio la

1.70M the Al Student Frau.

determined by it» Editor-locum. Contents copyright

 

 

Needs Hlp

To the Editor:

I am wondering if I could use
your good graces to try to reach a
senior or a graduate student, or
two, or three...who might be
interested in exploring with me
(1) the nature of play, (2) the
nature of religion, and (3) in
considering whether there is any
relationship between the two.

During the winter semester, in
my scheduled cours Philosophy
528, officially called Theory of
Religion, scheduled to meet on
Thursdays from 3:45 to 6 p.m., I
hope to do just this. I just need
some help. I hope to find it few
students already interested in
some particular approach to
understanding play and/or reli-
gion, say from psychology, socio-
logy or art, etc., and at the name
time be also interested in applying
this particular interest to a con‘
sideration of this suggested broad-
er philosophical relationship.

If any students are interested in
talking over the course with me
they can drop me a line, or better,
come by and see me some Mon-
day from 3 to 4 or some Wednes-
day from 2 to Ll (or by an
appointment). My office is in
Humanities. room number 25l .

Sincerely,
'I‘.R. Murlland
Dept. of Philosophy

Smears?

To the Editor:

On September 24th, newspapers
giive banner headlines to Boston
Police Commissioner McNiimiiru's
stateman that. the bank robbery
and thc killing of Boston patrol»
mun Sclirocder \vcrc committed
by a “revolutionary stuilcnt
group." By continuing. tiny :il’icr
(lay. to fan thi.I ltlt‘il that radical
and oven lihcriil college students
arc iithilVl'(I in tcrrorism, thc prcss
and tho polici- ilrl‘ acting to gcn
criilc il clininli- of fl‘llt‘ to try ll)
discredit. the student movement in
the cycs of lhi: rust of the Amcri»
ctiii pcoplc and to (Ichrt iittciilion
from growing problems at homc.

In the lloston lll‘L'll, thcrc hach
been student anti-war actions,
cg, iigiiinst IlO'I't‘. and war l't‘
scnrch til various liant'rSlllliS,
demonstrations against racist
hiring [)rilcllCUbul'll’llluS, iiiiil inur
ilcrs, iiiitl niiliinntly pro workt-r
actions, cg, riefusiil to lllli)W (Hi
recruiters on campuses during the
strike. But throughout, the radical
student lll()thllll.'ill has come out
overwhelmingly against Lcrrorist
iiicticn.

Nothing has lll't‘ll pron-ii so far
iigiiinat theI pcopli- who ill'l‘ I‘l'
calving n "trial by press," and

contrary to the allegations made
by Commissioner McNamara.
none of the three ex-convicts on
whose testimony all the stories are
based has any revolutionary back-
ground. Bond, for example, who
claims revolutionary leadership,
was thrown out of SDS meetings
at. Brandeis by students who be-
lieved he was a police agent, be-
cause of the inconsistency of his
racist and pro-war views with his
posing as a revolutionary instigat-
or.

In several of the handful of cases
in which small groups of people
have been arrested with dynamite,
the leader of the group has turned
out to be a policeman. For ex-
ample, in the S due of Liberty
bombing plot, the person who
bought the dynamite and organ-
ized the group was ii New York
policeman. A notorious case, rc-
ported recently in the New York
Times, was that of “Tommy the
Traveller," another policeman
who posed as an “SDS regional
traveller," and tried to get two
students to buy dynamite. It is
plausible that. the present case is
another example of police actions
to instigate illegal acts in order to
try to smear politically‘orienlcd
student groups.

The deep wrongs of our soci»
ety—the war in Southeast. Asia,
the oppression of our non-while
minority groups, low wages iind
bud working conditions of most
workers (white as well as non-
whilcrhtbesc and other persistent
(and indeed intrinsic) injustices
are at the root of the iigitiitlon felt.
by students tlnd other segments of
the population. We should turn
our attention to changing our
society so as to eliminate the
wrongs, and not. be hoodwinkud
into uttiicking, hysterically. those
who arc agiliitctl by their :iwurc-
iicss of llic injustices.

John Dilllllilut‘i‘

.‘lssm‘luic I‘I'ofi-ssor tr/slh‘li'ttllttlll)‘
,Itli'l’tll'tl I’iiit'crsity

ult'l‘tllllt' Lottvin

I’riifi-ssor in lltolugy and

I'. ci'lriciil It'ligilici'ritig
MJ 'l'.

llilary I’utiiiini
l'rofcssor of Philosophy
Iltll'l'tlrd Unit-orally

William ll. l’iiiison, .lr.
I‘ru/‘cssor [forth and

i’liilii'liit‘y Scii'ni'cs

ill I ’1‘

George Siilunau

I’rii/i-ssor of Physics
l‘iiiiu-rsily of .‘lliissiit'liiisclis
llurlruin Sclizirl'

I‘rn/cssur ofl’syclmlngy
Norttiuastcrn Uniilcrstiy

Miirx W Wiirtol'sky
('iniirniuli, l)l'[il. o/I'Iiiiosopliy
tins-ion University

l’liilip Morrison

l'i'ofi'ssor of I‘Iiy. as

MI ’I‘

 

 

     

To the Editor:

I urge President. Benezet to re
direct. the priorities of FSA re-
garding the disbursement of its
net profits.

According to the 1968-69 audit,
the latest audit of FSA as of now,
half of FSA’S $75,000 of expend»
itures was appropriated to the
“maintenance and operations" of
the Mohawk and Dippikill cam-
puses. The other $37,000 was
allocated for various university
activities which are enumerated,
though somewhat vaguely, on the
attached copy.

The profits that are accumulated
over the year should be invested
in food service and/or the book-
store, so that. prices. may br held
down or reduced. This allocation
would directly be helping stu-
dents, whcrcus the present policy
benefits students indirectly, if at
all. The reduction of the mcnl
contract price and bookstore
prices wuuld hold the line on thi-
inflationary trend in the cost of a
college education.

Bob Wiirncr
News Editor

Not 0 ended

To the Editor:

Please be notified that the name
of Alpha Lambda Chi Fraternity
is not Alpha Liimbdii Alpliii or
Alpliii Chi Lambda or any other
combination of letters Grcck or
otherwise.

Do not assume from this that we
are in tiny wuy offended by your
errors in this area. We relllllL‘ that
you would not. he offcndctl Wci't'
we to rcfcr to your newspupcr its
the ASS.

Sinci-ri-Iy
Richard S, Slroiiicr
Alpha Lambda t‘hi Iii-iilt-rnily

Hey Going?

Now you can send thc
ASP to all the folks back in
Bath for the diminutive ice
of $4.00 (or $3.00 with
Tax card). just fill out the

form below & send it to:
Sue Foulknnr, Campus Cantor 334.
1400 Washington Avenue. Albany,
MN. 12203

Pricu is lot Frill wriiostui only

 

 

 

 

PRICE FIVE CENTS OFF CAMPUS

Alban

Vol. W” No, 30

State University of New York at Albany

 

I' Contents copyright 1970.

tudenl Press

Tuesday. October 27.l970

 

 

 

John Kaufman. graduate student in history and a leader of the May First Strike Committee, and Dean
0. William Perlmutter of the College of Arts and Sciences debate the politics of the university power
structure. iifler the Kent State Memorial ServiCe held last Friday afternoon in the ballroom. Perlniutter
Who was the lust speaker at the podium soon found himself engaged in dialogue after the service's
conclusion.

FLQ Fight for Independence

...bcnjuniili

Brings Martial Law to Canada

COLLEGE PRESS SERVICE

'l‘ln- group of revolutionary youth in Quebec was
started ill [th0 by George Shocstcrs, a Uiiivorsity of
Montreal student who felt the “time had conic to
sow in “10 province a spirit of independence." The
small group cmcrgctl from under lllL‘ dictatorship of
former Pruinicr Miiuricn DuPlcssis utitl there was it
strong tiistc among university riidicnls for a state of
liberation. Too often they had soon Qtichccois
workcrs engaged in bittcr bloodshed battles with thr-
polici- form of the province over the rights to strike
for bctlcr wagcs and living conditions. Because of
thc colonial situation, Qucbccois wr-rc worse off
than Workers in Canada. As it conquered nation,
Qucbccois wr-t'l' oppressctl iis workcrs and its I“riiiico~
phoncs.

A iiuiiibi-r of sporadic bombings in thc posh
English suburb of Wi-stmounl sparkcd l'i-nr among
Illl' Moiilri-al titanagci'izil class that lth‘S tin-rc, but
llll' rcvolulioiinry group llll‘ll lut‘kctl training. disci-
pliiic illlll Iniiiii-y, and us a rcsull, many of llii-ir
iitlcntpls pi'ovctl lo l)l' iIIiUillVL‘. Soon liowcvcr, tho
l"l.Q invokcil strict disciplinary ini-iisiircs on its
llll'lllllt'l'S and the group became much more sclcc-
“VP in its rccriiitiiig campaign.

\Vluil l'ollowctl in tho iicxl four yours Wt'i'c
lltllll'llph of liirgc hunks, finnuciiil lltlllSl'S ownctl by
ltIiiglisli ('iiniitliiiiis or Ann-ricotta, uiitl dcpiirlinctil
stores, all which has iii-lpcil lo I'innncc the Ul'ﬂllllllil-
lion uginiisl "lhc English ruling class." Willi llic
inflow of ilisciplinv, ll fll'lll revolutionary ideology
illlll inorc financial backing, the FLQ has hccn able
to cxtcnd its opurnlious into ci-lls technically l'rcc
l'roin i-iicli other with nit-nibcrs not knowing thi-
tin-nihi-rs of olhcrs. 'l‘liis ci-ll not work bus inatlc thc
work of thc l'ctlct'ul uttlliorllics iiii itlintist insiii'
niouuliiblt- tiisk.

’l'lic spark that lit \‘llllllllt‘ Qiii-bcc ciiinc curly
Monday morning. Oct. 5. wlicn tIlllllt'h liichiirtl
('ltlhiu, Si-iiior Ili'lllhlt 'l‘riitlc t‘oininissioni'r in Mon
iii-.il. was kidiiiippi-il fl'tilll his plush uppi-r \Vcsl
nioiinl lionn- 'I'lic I’LQ i'itiisnin notc demanded: the
ptllilit'nliilll of ii lllillllfl'hltl lhcy lliItI propiirctl, lllt'
liln-riitioii of ill political pi'isoncrii "It‘clijiiistcs"
[limp-rs), tho frch political prisoners to lJl! pliicotl
aboard illl iiircriil't bound for Cuba or Algoriii, the
post office was told to reinstate iill -|00 Liil’ulme
i-iiiployoi-s the government fired last April in ii
tlinpttlt' ovcr union rights, payment of $500,000 in

gold to be placed aboard the aircraft carrying the
political prisoners, identification of tlic most recent
man to inform of the activities of the FLQ and
publication of his name and photograph in "II
Quebec newspapers, imincdiiittl lnilt of any police
activity in the hunt for the kidnapped diplomat.
'l‘hc I’LQ gave the governments involved -ili hours to
comply.

'I‘hc first waves of concern immediately rippled
throuin government chambers ill. both the federal
and provincial levels and what was to follow was ll
chess game bctwccn l'lnbburgiistcd govornmcnt offi-
cials llll(l thc I’LQ members, which has resulted.
thus far, in illt! imposition of the War Mciisurc Act.
and lllt' death of Labour Minister I’ii-rrc Liiporlc.

On 'l‘ucsilay, Oct. (3, wortl was ptissctl on by
I't-(lcriil iiulhorilics, l‘cdcriil. provincial iintl local
police in Moiilrcnl iintl Qtlt'bcc city to impose tight
security nit-asurcs but "to play it cool iind don't
panic lhc :ilitluclors.” 'I‘liiil siniic tliiy thi- Qucbcc
calnni-l licltl itll cincrgcncy llircchour session in no
attempt to t‘lllllt' to grips with a situation they said
“tltrt‘utcnctl” llic frct-(liini of Cunniliuns.

Siitcc Oct. 5, [ho provincial illltl l'crlirrtil iiiilliiirilics
have hcun holding hands. The attempt to root out
lint lt‘lsQ “zibtluclotx” iind hiilt "stihvorsion" Ill
Qucbcc hits but-ii carried on mainly by untlcrcovvr
police who arc in touch with the FBI, Scotland
Yard, and liitcrpol. Iﬁxtcriiiil iil'l'iiirs initiistcr
Mitchell Shiirp iinint-tliiili-Iy Ciillt'd for policc protcc»
tioii of iill forciin diplomats iii Canada and giiiirtls
lo watch the pi'ctniscs of vvcry cinbussy iiiid
consular ol'l'icc. (liiiiiidiiiii officials liiid considcrcd
iiuy tlirciil to their cmhnssy or personnel so rcinolc
that. they llll(l littlc part in discussions that led to
the cstiiblishiin-nt of ll spcciiil 700-niin i-xi-ciitivc
[)l'tllt‘t‘lltill scrvict- “but I guch this brings its way
riiucli into |)llt_‘, .i- official coinincnlctl. “Wc lll‘l‘
no loiigiti' just obscrvcrs."

Not long hcl'orc, llt'WSllilpl't‘S across l.lll3 country
printcil iit lcust cxccrpts of tho lllitllll‘t‘Sllt of lllt'
l"|.Q. "’l‘hc It‘LQ is ncitbi-r thi- Mcss li iior u
iiititlcrn tliiy liobin llood," siiys tlic Miitiifcslo. “It in
u group of Quebec workers who liiivu tlci‘itlctl lo gcl
cvurylliing in motion so that the people of Quebec
may definitely take their destiny into their own
hands.” The It‘LQ describes itself not tlii ii movcinunt
of aggression, but "the llllh‘wm‘ to aggression. tho nun
organised by hiin l'iniiiicc thoriigh lliu intervention

Continued on page three

 

 

Kent Memorial
Ends in Voice Bout

by Vicki Zeldin
News Editor

“It is a time to heal and build
up, a time to speak, a time for
peace." This was the essence of
the message presented at Friday's
memorial service held in response
to the events at Kent State.

The memorial service was
opened by David Neufeld, Stu-
dent Association President, and
carried on by four clergymen and
Dean 0. William Perlmiitter. The
first clergyman to speak, Rever-
end Frank Snow, addressed the
crowd of about 150 present, and
led them in prayer for those who
had died ovur the last decade, He
told the crowd that they had died
for “decency and peace in otir
land nntl around the world...thcsc
peopILI thought. that they were
doing the service of mankind, and
then were betrayed by mankind."

The next oriitor urged those
present to "divorce themselves
from theI controversial issues."
“We are about the sumc thing, and
will continue to do the same thing
until that which We are trying to
create is realized." "It, is sad," he
said, "that those concerned nntl
dedicated to something may lose
their lives."

“We are here to honor victims
and martyrs. but we arc also here
to honor freedom," snid Reverend
William Small. 'I‘hc Reverend rc-
minded lhc cvcr ilwtndling group
present that “violencc does in fact
boch violcncc." “Wu must build a
now society," he continued, “we
must. love and not hate. We must
"orgivc even when angry." this is
the way to build.

The next. to speak from the
rostrum was Fulhcr Ptilll Smith.
While he asserted that those gillll'
cred had come to memoriiili'ac
those who liiid laid down their
lives, htI also affirmed that those
pri-sunl liiid come to gather
strength. “We must find u crea-
tive, imaginative approach to mili-
tancc, but we must not. lot the
luitri-d of others drug us down to
their Icvol," Iic reminded the
group.

The Dean of the Collogc of Arts
iiiitl Sciences, and also ii former
faculty member at. Kent State, 0.
William Pcrlinuttt-r, was the lust
sclictlulcd Splillllt‘l‘. llt- rcfcrri-d to
llll‘ past war as it “bruliil illl(l
tragic onc for the young and for
thosc coiiccriictl with Aiiii-riciin
education." “Wc'rc somewhat

liciitcn” he continued, “and the

last blow comes out of Ravena
and Kent: and a strange grand
jury."

Perlmutter described the mood
of the nation as one that. "seeks
revenge and vindictiveness, that
seeks to divide and break." He
said that this must; be a time “not.
for breaking or hot, but. rather a
time for reconciliation, under-
standing, a time for healing.” The
Dean spoke particularli of the
University's role in the creation of
this new mood. The University, as
he envisioned it, is a place of
service—service to people. “The
University," he said, “is a place to
share humanity.”

Pcrlmutter referred to the Scran-
ton Report as an attempt to
"remake America in its own
image." “The time," be con-
cluded, "is to let. things be, not to
stir up those who have undergone
violence."

Dean Perlmutter's speiich was to
have concluded the service, but
there were some among the nudi-
cncc who were cvidenliilly not
pleased by the thrust of the me-
morini. One girl in n fringed suede
jacked went to the podium and
pierced the heavy air of the bull-
room. “We are not. incmoriulizing
our brothch and sisters," she
positicd, "We are trampling on
their graves.“ “How can we mee
moriiilize fascism?“ shc declared.

John Kaufman, a graduate in-
structor in history, and also iictivc
in last year‘s strike activities,
dcnicd thnt this was it time for
reconciliation. He cited the rclu~
tionship between the young iind
Nixon as irrcconciliiiblc. “Recon‘
ciliiition," lic snid, “is to live in ii
ilreiim wurld.“ HL' told the group
to think of Agnew and than to
think of Churles O'Rcilly . The
Bowen issue he contended, cannot
be dealt with by reconciliation.
He went on to comment. that
military research on campus must
be stopped, and also made special
note of the fact that there was u
police academy on the periphery
of the campus. l‘lc closed by
declaring that “we must struggle
to kill those who keep us from
our freedom—All Power to the
People!"

Questions concerning the role of
the University wcrc Logged
lll)t)ul. A continuing concern
scomotl to revolve about. the ques-
tion of who owned the University.
Dciiii Porlmtittcr fielded questions
and attempted to defend his posie
Lion iIS stated in his spoocli.

 

 

 

 

 

