 

. «1m 4:;

 

 

 
  
  

    
  
  
  
 
 
   
  
 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1970

 

Council’s Responsibility

 

by Bob Warner
News Editor

The accusation by a member of Central Council that Peter Haley,
the Assistant Director of Food Service, is anti-Semitic, is a most
serious charge. In that light, then, the accusor, David' Peck,should
reflect on the consequences of his accusations.

For that matter, the entire Council should give serious thought to
the matter. When a man's job and reputation are at stake, great pains
should be taken to prevent, as humanly possible, the defamation of
his character. All too often people are hurt because of a breakdown in
communication and a lack of careful consideration of the conse-
quences of what we do. This does not imply, however, that the case of
Peter Haley should be forgotten. indeed the facts should be brought
out and just action should be pursued on the basis of the case‘s merits.
Such evidence as brought out by Mr. Peck and Mr. Stokem. the
introducer of the bill to oust Haley, was not sufficient to recommend
Haley's dismissal.

There will always be a few instances in which every person will
somehow rub another the wrong way. Probably, the proponents of
the bill were quite sincere in their motiVes. Yet, one‘s personal
dealings with another would not by itself condemn a man to the
firing squad.

In all probability, Haley has to some degree, merited such leger
criticisms such as rudeness to students. But to deny Haley‘s right to be
human, the right to how faults and weaknesses, is thoughtless and
rather callous.

It is unfortunate, though, assuming tlial the evidence was true, that
Haley chose to ignore the kosher needs of Jewish students. This was a
mistake. Council should discuss this with Haley, though, instead of
trying to remove him from the University. The act of firing a person is
an admission of total failure on the part of both parties to come to a
reasonable accord. It especially puts a burden on the employer or
those who hold Haley's job in their hands to seek a reconciliation. for
the act of firing a maxi is final and irrevocable.

Under those circumstances, regardless of the fact that Council can’t
ﬁre Haley, but can only recommend his dismissal, every member of
Central Council should have a clear conscience before he votes to
recommend the firing of Peter Haley, Unfortunately, by the mere
introduction of the bill, he has been Iiurt already. Hopefully, however.
Haley will be assumed innocent until proven otherwise.

On The Other Hand...

by Mitchell Frost

One must be very careful of one’s choice of words, especially in this
era of inflamed emotions.

I’m sure we all remember the uproar Spiro Agnew caused when he
described a Polish friend as a “Pollack.” I’m sure he didn’t mean
anything by it, but how the newspapers gobbled it up! In his
"retraction" he explained that when he heard Poles refer to each
other as “Pollacks” he didn't know they were insulting each other.
Just a misunderstainding; a mistake. Later he referred to a close friend
of his as a “fat Jap;" the fact that the remark was intended for a close
friend must make it plain that it was made in jest. But again a
retraction was demanded; and so Spiro apologized to anyone who felt
offended, but said that he would not apologize for the spirit in which
it was intended. I think these two examples make clear the poor
reception given to any remark (however innocently intended) which
could be construed as a slur. Mr. Agnew certainly meant no offense in
either case, but one must be very careful of one’s choice of words.

I was talking to a friend of mine recently, and eventually the topic
ttrrned to race relations. He was explaining to me his father‘s
company's policy of preferential hiring of blacks (a policy be
staunchly opposed) and he got so emotionally caught up in what he
was saying that the word "nigger" slipped into his conversation. It
shocked me for a minute, as I am always shocked when that word is
used, but he eventually calmed down and apologized for using that
term when I brought it to his attention.

The word “nigger” is one word I hate with a particular passion. It is
an ugly anti demeaning word. Those who use it usually make the word
take on a general meaning, identifying all blacks, as: “The niggers did
this," or, “Some niggers moved into the neighborhood." Such people
are called bigots, and they usually are. I'm sure most of you agree
with me, and I‘m sure if I used the word "nigger" on this campus I‘d
be in a lot of trouble, as black people's disgust for the word is far
greater than mine.

In fact, the use of any degrading slur affixed indiscriminately on a
general group of people must. likewise be deplored. So while I deplore
the use of the word “nigger” I also deplore the use of the words
"guinea," “wop,” “kikc,” “pig,"...pig’?‘.’!! Certainly!!! When I hear a
politeman called a “pig” while he is keeping order at, say, a "peace"
demonstration, and while serving as the general target of obscenitres
and vulgar gestures, I am reminded of the stereotype of the white
Southern march, where some rednecks march en nrussc past some
blacks calling them “triggers” and making threats against their lives.

How can someone deplore the use of the WOI‘( “nigger” and then
turn around and use that same type of slur against a policeman“? I
won‘t go into the obvious necessity of a police force in aii ordered
society (I assume if you‘ve got the intelligence to go to college you
understand that much), but it should be obvious that those who use
the word "pig" are just as contemptable as those who use the word
“nigger.” Unfortunately, those who make a profession out of calling
policemen “pigs” are revered on many college campuses about as
much as those who make a profession out of calling blacks “niggers”
are revered in some sections of the South. Certainly, one must be very
careful of one's choice of words.

 

N
'lr‘trtli’rwi.‘ -
r in» .
pr-yitd‘
“intuit/ill)



 

’PERHAPS IF WE WIDENED THE WINGS, LENGTHENED THE TAIL, SHORTENED THE NOSE . . '

(

   
   
 

 \‘i‘  $\ \. , H i r .

j

r'llln r.'\ tutu: IMG‘I'MIIAH‘

is “xi it"j

- / w ,,I
"”‘ - SENMESUI’PJRIERS
I!

  

\ 'i .  «
Inktr. ~‘ '\

 

 

. Wuﬁlriy’tdﬂnuuim'g

 

  

 

 

 

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1970

Editorial Comment

School of Journalism

It is most disturbing that at a time when journalism is becoming
a meaningful, if faltering, realtiy on campuses, indeed, at a time
when the nature and inﬂuence of the media in general is growing
by leaps and bounds, Albany State continutes not to seriously
consider creation ofa School of Journalism. At Albany State right
now, there is no major, in fact there are no courses or credits
obtainable, in Journalism.

It may very well be that college papers too often fail to
adequately discharge their rcsporrsibility to the university corri-
munity. It may very well be that the politicization of student
papers has been accompanied by some polilical naivclc. Ycl.
universities such as Albany State which continue to ignore the
growing need for schools of journalism are not in a position to
level criticism at these trial and error efforts. They have failed to
discharge their own responsibilityibotli in the larger academic
sense, and in the narrower sense of bolstering and aiding the
growth ofa meaningful college news media.

The ASP So Far

We set out this semester lo improve the Alliariy Student Press.
It is a verilur.‘ that never really ends.

The ultimate goal must always be lhe development of a
first-class student journal. As llic university grows. so its need
grows fora news media Willi the quality of writing, the cxlcrrl
of coverage and lhe efficiency of organization which only years of
effort can bring.

In time, the goal will be rrrcl. It Will Iic nrcl because quite a
number of students corrliriuc to spend long hours working loward
it. It will be met simply because they have decided it will he met.

To them we are deeply appreciative. 'l'o ('arol and Tom and
Aralyriri and Chuck and Vicki and Bob and Jeff and John and
Linda and Dave and Sue and Dan and Jon and Sue we can only
express our deepest thanks for lhc courrllcss hours and lllt‘
excellent spiril.

To others. who do rrol see their names on the masthead we are
equally appreciative. ’llicy are llrc ones who supplied the
input they While the slorrcs and allcndcd the meetings often on
short notice. Thank you Mike Avon. Ilob Baldassuno,(‘airdy
(‘avallorre. Sharon ('ohcn. Ken Deane, Stephanie I)iKovics, Bob
Kanarck. Kullry Kclly. Roy Lewis. Mar) Ann Mcycr, Martha
Nallianson. Maida ()r'mgcr. Slcvc Salanl. lioli ScliwarlI, llarry
Wcirrcr. 'l‘crry Wolf.

To the failures staff, the “rcscaIclu-rs.” who gave the paper for
the first lrnic, some degree of dcplli, we extend our gnrlrludc'
Tim Boclrrn. Michael lillis. .lohri I";lllllilll. ('ccrl (irscornlic. Vicki
(iotllicli, Bob Ktlliilll, Mike lrpprnaii. Kcrllr Morrison. I)clilirc
Nalanson, Rila Rrggronc. .Ioannc errlth. Al l‘lrrirnpson. l.:llll|L‘
Wislrcrcli.

To lliosc wlio, wilhoul any rnccnlrvc at all. worked lllL‘ line
hours “pulling llic paper to bed.“ did the pastwups and the
typing and the proof reading we give a special thanks: Slcvu
Brown, Linda (‘oylc, Kalliy Dunn, chrrrrrrc llyncs, Torn Jordan.
(linger Joyce, Debra Kacniun, 'I'oni Rhodes, l’atrla Slnrllon, Larry
'I'ravis, Kalhy erulcrr, and Warren Wrslirrrl.

And to Tom Hinge”, ncxl scriit‘slcr's editor :1 \pL‘L‘ltll “good
luck.“

albany student press

ncill c. \‘llttllllllllll

 

t'tfllul‘ IIi r‘lrn'l'
r'.\r'r'rrin'r' I‘tllfirl'
. . . . . . . . . carol huglics

rrarnoglng r-rlrlor

. . , . . . . . .at'alyriri aliarc -
In'uvs r'rlrlor's

. . . . . . . . . . . . . bob warncr

. . . . . . . . . . \‘IL‘I\'I Leldin

I’IISIIII'SS NIIIIIIIHI'I'

. . . . . . . . . . . . .cliuck riliak
rtrlrvr'l‘lrslug Inrrlnrgr'r * -
. . . . . . . . . . . . .icff rodgcrs /i""'l""-‘ "””""
, , . jolrri o‘grady

rrssislunl fr'rrlnrr's t'tllltll‘

ussrsltrrrl rrrIr-r'rlrsrng nrrrnrrgr'r
. . . . . . . .barharti coopcrmarr
ft‘t'IlIIIt'IlI t‘tfi/til'

rita riggionc
. . . . .ltllll cliiigan '

ril'ls t'llllrir‘
. . , .Iinda writers

ussor'rulr' Ii't'lnrlt'rrl r'tIr/rrrs

. . . . . . . . . . . . .snc scligson “Sm/UH! “Fl-i “(ll/"V

, , , , , , , , . , . . dun wimmm . . . . . . . . . . .miclit‘lc [)illt'llll
('ll‘l‘lilllliull irrrrnrrgr'r Slll'l‘l-‘i ('lllli‘l'

. , . . . , . . . . . . sue faulkncr - . - ~ - . ~ . a r - - v a ('1ch ﬁll"

rtsslslrrnt sports editor
. . . . . . . , . . . . lioli /.rrrcmba

urn/frIi/t'lussr/ir'tl
. . . . . . . . . . dorothy pliillip
grep/nus
. . . . . . . . . . . jon gnltnurn
. . . . . . . . . . . . . trim rliodes

photography r'rlrlrn'
. . I'UII SIIIIIIHIIIS

 

The Albany Student Press, contrary to popular bullet, a. learned Ill Room
326 of the Campus Cuntur ot the State Unlvarsllv at New Vork Al Albany.
'Thu ASP wan founded in 1916 by llia Class of l918. Our lurid: tlo come
from a mandatory student tux. And our phone number: an! 4671100 and
2184.
Communications tllli limited to 300 words. And Irom now on the uditonal

  

 

ALBANY STUDENT. PRESS

 

 

        

You ‘ OT gun
HERE BY LHETI E WE
5ET BAC , KlbWE‘RE
r TAKIN' You DOWN TO
THE STATION-
NOW ' - T!

  

,gttttr.’

~

1&4
 ~... -

     

  
 
   

 
  

7“ 

.1. .-

  

 

 

‘Q.

 
   

 

 

HOP I

soMEﬁ

00M lN

   

 

K. lane

3“
iv"

E‘

 

 

FOIICY Will he determlnod by the asshole who used to wrlto this Itupid box.

 

 

‘-

N BROTHER

"



“v - i 1* ‘9 'V
-92 1a.- rcsrg  
/ ‘ _ c ., At

 

 

   

 

...Irrsu
ﬁNHERE/

  

HERESOM

 

      
 
  

    
 
      
    

Communications

 

Photo Racism

To the Editor:

A few weeks ago black workers
at the Polaroid plant in Carn-
bridge, Mass. discovered that Pola-
roid, like many other US. corpor-
ations, is making money from the
apartheid policy of South Africa.

Apartheid is the system ofstrict
segregation of all non-white peo-
pic. Blacks are confined to speci-
fic areas, a pass is required for
anyone to leave their district. All
blacks are required by aw to
register with the state and must
carry identification cards at all
times. This identification system
is being manufactuer by Pola-
roid. ll enables the South African
govr-rnnient to produce a photo-
graph, fingerprints, aan the I.D.
lllllIIIll'l‘ of any black with two
minutes.

Not only is I’tilarriid sustaining
apartheid by supplying the ossen'
lral technology: but its fear of
offending South Africa has led to
overt racism willirn lllt‘ company.
When confronted by Ken Wil-
burns, a black worker, as to Why
Illl'rl‘ were no blacks in the Inter-
naliorial Sales Department an offi-
l'lill replied, “We can't liaVe blacks
in our International Sales Depart-
ment because wc would't be able
to send them to South Africa."

The workers, pissotl off by this
situation, have organized the Pola-
roid Revolutionary Workers Move-
lllt'lll, and linvo confronted Pola-
I'()|(I wrl Ir these llll‘l‘t' demands:

'l‘lial Polaroid llllllli'dlilll‘ly
(‘t'ilSt‘ all business dealings wttli
South Africa

Iliul I’olarold issue a stall-merit
Ill South Africa condemning
South African Fascism

llial Polaroid givr- IIII' equiva-
li'lll of all past profits from Soulli
African opci'allolis to the South
African Irilwrnlioti Mow-merit.

The workers are making dr-
rnzrrids that slrrlte al llll‘ r-r'rinomit‘
roots of aparlhr-rrl, rather than
lit-rruranrng llu- inhuman ('(llllll'
[torts llial llii- syslr-ni inflirls.
They are exposing Illl‘ t-oiitt‘atllt‘
Irrni of I’tilarold's rlir-torrt' opprrs
trig aparllieid while reaping large
profits from oppressed South Al"
rrt-ari black Workers. 'I‘liis contra-
(Ilt‘lltlll is carried further when
our considers that the South Al'rr-
(‘ltll govvr'nriit-nl would rrol exist
wrihoul lIll' Investment of large
American corporations, llltt‘ I’olrr~
roid

This In an itiiportanl struggli-
lil‘t‘illl-‘il' ll challenges llir barrio
corrcvpls rif American llnpt‘l'lllllalll
and represents a threat to all U.S.
rnvvslnu-ntn in South Africa. A
sllcussful boycott of Polaroid

could spraarllo these other corpor-
ations and eliminate the profitable
situation provided by apartheid.

Your help is crucial for the
su of the boycott. ’I‘he lioli—
day scason provides an excellent
opportunity for all of us to show
solidarity with this struggle, BOY-
(30T’I‘ ALL POLAROID PRO-
DUC'I‘S!

 

Karen Leeds
Paul Johnson

Apathetic Fast

To the Editor:

I would like to thank the 2808
students who cared enough to
forgo their meal for Lllt‘ Ii‘orid Past
of It) November. A check for
$2046.40 is being sent to the
Navajo (‘omniunily College, Many
Farms Arizona for adult and
youlli education.

Frankly, though, I was surprised
and dissappoinled in the amount
of apathy still present on this
L'ilmpus. After last year's strike I
lruly felt more people would be
less concerned with themselves
and tliirilt of others for a change;
obviously I was wrong, I heard
more excuses why people just
could not miss one meal, meals
about which complaints linVe been
high, all of which makes inc a bit
cynical about the “concerned”-
“involved” generation college
students are professing to be.
Maybe if we arrange projecLs like
this around finals and in some
way make missing a filial a reward
for prirlicipatiori We would see less
apathy, aftt-rall, look how con-
cerned r-vr-ryorir' became arorlrid
finals lirnr' lrrsl spring.

To those 64% of you residents
who were involved, thank you.
Nr-xl Sl'nll'Sll‘l‘ another group will
be sponsoring a Food I’rrsl for a
difl'ercnl cause, maybe try then We
Will all feel like purlit‘rpatilig.

Ilobcrt Cole
(lliairman,
["oral Fast for the American Indians

PS Apologies to those who went
to Wall ‘s and asked for rr discount.
()rrgirirrlly It was agreed to have a
llei'n discount on each sub, bul
after begun advertising this, Walt's
backed out.

Palestine

.
A ga i it
To the Editor:

In reference to your ASP Col-
umn: “Israel's Iiiglil to LIVe," on
November 17, 1970, I would like
to point out some of the incon-
gruenelurr arid misrepresentations
itr your article.

You claim that "a Jewish State,

is morally just" due to the past
history of the persecutions of the
Jews. Does your interpretation of
what is “morally just” also extend
to studying the history of Pales-
tine so as to have a better under-
standing of the desires of present
day Palestinians who have also
been “persecuted for so long out
of political expediency and hu-
rruin depravity?"

I wonder what your moral inter-
pretatioti of the Balfour Declara-
tion is? Britain, out of her magna-

tiimity, offered Palestine as a
home land, not a political state
though, to the Jewa. Could not
this be interpreted as a depriva-
tion of the Palestinians' right to
self-determination?

To continue, yes, I do rrgrce that
the “problem of the Arab refugees
is not as simple." I can only read
hate, ignorance, and a deliberate
misrepresentation of the facts as
they are stated iii you article:
“...tlie rabidity of the Arab mind
has made any reconciliation im-
possible. ’I‘he litite infused into the
Arab masses, both refugees and
tion-refugee, is a just rationaliza-
tion for Israel to wash its hands
clean of the situation." You neg-
lected to add that the Palestinians
were driven out of the country
that they have lived in since time
irnmemorial. You claim that they
Palestinians who left "Israel" were
“terrorized by Arab propaganda."
How much propaganda was neces-
srtry rrftcr the Massacre of Deir
Yrrsiri, which is documented by
“Israel” lit-rself'! Also, why should
other Arab countries absorb the
refugees when they have a coun-
try of their own—Palestine?

As for the United Nuiton's ac-
tions on the Middle East, are you
condemning the United Nations
for trying to correct a mistake she
conimited iti lllrlil‘.’ I thought you
would appreciate the moral justice
of this rrctiori. Alutig with this.
you stated that “Ariibs are cur
lriinly notorious for breaking
cease-fire agreements." I would
recommend that you consult the
records of the United Nation's
General Assembly aan the Securi-
ty Council. You will then find out
who is the aggressor and who is
the rightful defender.

Also, you accused tliu New Left
of being unti-semitic

Finally, you stated that "Israel"
is “neither fascistic, dictatorial,
racist, nor despotic." Do you have
any explanation for the policy of
Collective Punishment against the
Palestinians of the occupied West
Bank rtrid of Gaza Strip? Is It too
different from Nazi tactics?

I wish you the best of luck, and
hope you will be a little more
objective.

Suml A. Khaaawnih

 

