 

 

 

 
 
 
  

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
 
 
   

     

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
 
    

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

a. .
I I _ PAGE 4 I ALBANY STUDENT PRESS FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1970 FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1970 ALBANY STUDENT puss
'  " ‘ I ".8. military spending Th S h C ni t ° '
. ; I . II I. I b I I I I . .. , . l I
I    50 million lomliu y BILL 0 KAIN Wit: 22:16:; Ed II'II‘hIhe giggling D , F t The point is that something has to l The implications of such a mis- I; ‘I
l 2. When I was asked to write a mentieth centuryi When he drew The author has requesled (Mari; on t orge be done; whether it be massive understanding are basic to the. 
l l few columns for the ASP Ihad in wonderful pictures of the har- be printed in fun "ed momIOrIums in which students tone of the report in general and  
l , mind several different topical The monious future, he placed them in ' ' To the Editors: I ieave school for a month and go to one particular comment which  I
 Palestinian RevolutiOhI .tudem. the twentieth century, It seems very strange to notice Into the community to organize is conhequently erroneous: “The _ ‘ ’ I
i " faculty control of SUNYA, and “And now that century has hon campus issues disappear so pressure groups. or whether we administration attempts to table poudly representative bodyhhas i
.‘ the revolutionary socialist move. come! What has it brought with it  quickly, and yet where once so stay on campus to work on other indefinitely the Vietnam resolu- made a decision which, Iféél,can' I '5 i
i " ment in the United States were at the outset? 00gb 8 very strong and vocal. As one programs. In either case a well- tion itself after implyingIthat it onlynfairly be decldedbyua’refer. . I f
' : i 4 just a few of the many topics 1 “In France - the poisonous walks into the Campus Center planned national movementlsdes- ‘would encourage discussion". 'A endum of the entire student'comi' ' V .-
A ‘7 '5'” “mm” would like to write about (and foam of racial hatred [reference lobby, one quicth notices the politely needed to' demand the debatable motiontopostpone dn- munity. i am aiming to" the Ir
, 3‘: Will write about in future issues). to the Dreyfus affair];in Austria - Students: newly formedIenvironmeInt groups W'Ihdri‘wul or n" Americ‘m “MID” 0“ Ihe balance 0f the decilloh to radically amelid the '
. l  Being allowed a column in the nntlonnlist strife...; in South Just before Bobby Scale was working buglly at their tables. troops. rasolutlon was actually offered Academic Calendar. Since‘it will
 ASP gives me an exceptional up Africa . the agony of ii tiny gagged and lied to his sent he Pick up any newspaper arid read and then Withdrawn byameinber change the academic year for all
I It pormnhy to get my views across peopieI which is being murdered turned to Tom hhiyden and Abbie about how political parties are Nixon has been trying hard IO of the teaching faculty. students so greatly, the only fair
, to many of the students hi this by n colossus IlBoer Wan];on the Hoffman and said wrny “1 think ﬁghting for the lead in who is make us forget Vietnam and our In theIIinterEst of being certain way toIaft'ect this change would
I universitYI iheev island itself . iriumhhnni on,- number .sIcon-nng up, 1 hope doing more to conseryc our na- loss of momentum on Ithe is“ that the facts are accurate,” may be a universal referendum, includ-
. 45 million iamiliﬂ Instead of sh,“ng out with a hymns to the victorious greed of they put us in the same clink. turnl resources. Thls Is all very seems to Show HIM h“ d I I e I respectfully request you to cor- ing not only students, but faculty
II I; polemic in the ﬁrst installmehh I jihgoisi jobber-s; dramatic oomph. They're uptight, nnd they should good and a long time overdue;but good job “,5 II funny thﬂi'g‘ht: rect the false impiession created? and administration as weIIIIhI hope"
i 5  would rather give you a brief cations in the east; rebellions of be because the conspiracy will is dull being used asacoverupto mention  war and hear some ihai hiistudehis V,ho {eglthﬂt this
; sketch of the personulorienmhon starving hophhh. masses in “‘1in Win, MomenlsIlalei-n wrlness was a bigger and more disgusting is— one Lehyou than“ “unpopular Sincerely. decision is grossly undemocratic
of a revolutionary socialist. Due Bulgaria. Rumania....i-iatred and asked n question as to snnle’g sue? An issue that cares little for issue to discuss anymore but IIS Edgar B. Schick will join in demanding the only
I»  to an extreme lack of literary murder. famine and blood... acllwtyr When Bobby demanded the Value ofIhumfmhfel I long as men are dmhed io'repluée equitable recourse — s referen-
tnlent I am not going to attempt “It seems as if the new century, the right to cross examine, Judge The war Is still raging which is the comm that come back from dum, ,I
to blunder my way through my this gigantic newcomer,were benl Hoffman shouted at lumIto sit more than one can say for the Vietnum the war is alive and I k
l own passions and feelings. Instead at the very moment of its appear- Idown Bobby stood up facing the anti-war movement. Everyone doing we‘ll Sincerely:
. [shall quote in length some pas~ ance to drive the optimist into Judge and knowmg the fisk he seems to have forgotten about ' I Laurie Wittern
sages by Leon Trotsky on revolu- absolute pessimism and civic nir- tfwk. Pomied undI yelled Fuel-hi V'elhams W'- Ohly IRSI OCIDII’GT We David Neufeid ii. v [’7 '
. . . Fig! I will not srt Silent, 1 have the vowed not to forget about it until l -l 
tionary optimism. viinu. I , I I did v I. if,
“Dum spiru spcro! While “--Dealh to Utopia! Death to “Km L0 be my 0W“ COUNSEL" II W05 all overs Eve" “WI EIII’OCIHGS “it,
there's life, there‘s hope!] if I faith! Death to love! Death in HOffmﬂh- With the weight or “I Mylm hm” 1°“ the" 'mPl‘CL
were one of the celestial bodies, I hope! thunders the twentieth ccn- American corporate Power bEhiﬂd we “I1 seem loIhm'e been duped I
would look with complete detach- tury in snlvos of fire and in the him. POIhted buCk and replied. by NIXON terrains the course of ’«
merit upon this miserable ball of rumbling of guns. “Mumhﬂllﬁ gag and bind Mr- the war “5 V'emaleM'Oh 'Iihe
dust and dirt. ...I would shine “Surrender, you pathetic Sealer" Three mamhahs “Ide ‘0' expert “d make” or Madlson _,.,,;;.',{_0// til/7”"‘1'
upon the good and the evil alike, dreamer. Here I am, your long Ward BObbY~ Dave Dellinger. the Avenue 5°"ldn’t have though or“ I 
..But I am a man. World history awaited twentieth century, your old pacificst,a heavy man,greying better word. I @ (v
which to you, dispussionilte gob- "future." and bhldihg rfliil’OI'Ided- He threw II“ 1969 “"3 53‘” "nt'onal mom'
LNS‘CPS blur of science, to you, book- “--No, replies the unhumhlcd himself between BObbY and the tonumsimamhesim‘j Other 3'0“? T
' keeper of eternity, seems only a optimist: You~you are only the muI’ShallS and fought them. More I “(I
I I negligible moment in the balance present. marshalls moved in. Dellinger was I'I IIIIIII :II/
E d I r I a I C 0 m m e  of time, is to me everything! As Leon Trotsky, lillil subdued and Scale bound. ';
long as l breathe, I shall fight for I several week“ lIIIIer Hoffman '
the future, that radiant future in “I can see the bright green strip dI‘II d , j I ‘f S I I d
H d b .l d w~ i .l i' [I . . |.' , . I v“, h which man, strong and beautiful, of grass beneath the wall, and the ILC‘"e " WSW“ or 9" eI' ‘1”,
ar  6 ll .1 mm U ‘L .wmp Allan If“ C or. I?“ will become master of the drifting clear blue sky above the wall, and benl‘enced. mm to [our yea“ “'5
(lllL‘llVliy usually lags. l-iu‘ lrnni crcaliug illlyillllig, “ream of his history Imd will sunlight everywhereI Lire is brothers in tho MOVEMENT rose I
“'3 very in vogue llicsc days in complain iihuul Lxdihic m imi‘ [liege birds lire “giggly cgglcss‘ even "direct It towards the boundless heaumuh Let the future genera. up around him, He turned to I
student govcriuiicul, Al the drop of ii luil miuly hum-(less, lisrcniug in ihc shrieking involves no horizon of beauty, joy and hap- tions cleanse it ()filll cvil, ()ppres~     I
sludeiils will run off their monologuch cunipcusaliini. Lil'l lllL‘lil up and wliiu do you find? pinessl... sionI,  violence, and enjoy it to ‘IIII‘I ;,PI"Iwer III the hEbPI‘IEI” he
I “I dunno what this pliichisIcuniing In: I mean If you‘re lucky. in l'cw sun lilllI fculhcrs carcssIllic “The nineteenth century has in thiBuut' whatever may he Lhe cih ('nllcd. He turned to Hoffman and L
l00k 1” Terry Mrilhlilh illld lllh SIdeILk VIL Limpcr ncsl. lhoiigli usuallylhcrc 5 nothing iii illl. Occnsrou- many ways ﬁnished and has in cumshmces of my death [shun [he lnukcd at him. The marshalls pull-
for insluncc. Both of 'cm jusl likc silling licluud any (mu din-5 find an egg, hm iliiii's i. mm hm] even more ways deceived Lh,2 with unshhken faith in the Com, cd llllllIiUWlll‘d the door that led
desks and playing Big liidiiin. Sludcnl giivcriuncnl: indeed. hopes of the optimist....lt has munist future, The faith in man “" m" 'e‘lF“‘| DMD" “5 the gallery
I I I I I I I . II I .,.. _ _ I _ I . , . . I. , _ I erupted Willi shouts and clcnchcd
whal d laugh.Wh.il have llicy dunt lor usiiuywa). whui dues n all hurl down in? Jnsl H113, Many compelled him to transfer mast of and in his future hivesIme LVLn “III
Wherever one goes on campus Vill’lililUllS 0n lllih‘ sludculs :irc law and sclf— ccnlcrcd. Thcy conic h”; hapes to the tweni'elh C6". now such Power Of ramming“ “i
. . - , . tury. Whenever the optimist was cannot be given by any religion. , I I 
theme arc llCllrLl. By general consensus. from lrL‘Sll- from good limile and lhcy huvcn I had ii) “link My confronted by Im atrocious fact I'lillli lliinKlIL-ii Ull(l' Build about
man to senior, the word is oiil: Student gnvcrnnicnl very much. thu lhcy rcnch Albany‘s Wliilc Won- he exclaimed: What, and this can Both above quotes from VHI'I FIFT- I I] he “‘wal‘r'rwrllms 
is not where it‘s iil. It‘s jusl ii haven for aspiring dcr llicy Slay in llic SillllL‘ old rul. Instead of homing happen on the threshold of the ’l‘rotsky's Testament .(I'.;II'IiI'\1I llhlhlIlll:thy:r:;":II‘ey(lIi'lssIstﬁh
EsmblIShmcnl WPCS‘ and “m rm “ms” WI“) Me i” 0” 1’1"” l’ri’hlc'll"l““ “‘th glVlllg and 10” '“Wh it is. in victory, The National Lib- efforts to try and pressure the
really Willi il. lnking--llicy spoofllic uiulivcsol'olhcrs, crnlioii Front knows better. They governman Today we are lost. -
A closer scrutiny iniglil clicin ii diffcrcul couclu- Moich nuuigcriug is a fun game of cuursc. know lhiil Vicl Nnm belongs to where do we go from here? Our
sion however. “If you would have ii llL‘Il lily. you Willllilli milking any kind of personal coniliiilmcnl “'0 “mm” M” “W lllm“ T" he 91”“ “’9” meme}! “"‘l yemi “"1 The Senate
must be'dl’ Willi licr CuCklill' " 'm‘ﬁ ‘IIl illll imvcrli r -. -. vki. . ii...l .h l I H i ,l ._kI 11l)ll‘ in i)lil('(' El iiizichluc guii On our hopes sccm dimmer than over
I h. t, l - I l . out. can L.“ L Lui may .i nu le lLILlIL Lll flip of a hill is not in fully control when we hour that. 65% of the
and those iughl-uwls up on llic llicu lloor iirc laycd the egg, Why was ll Iiiycd'.’ Why was ll Iaiycd‘.’ h h- ihhi sy",th will mm, in [he munhy hhphweh hi the current Dear mm“
producing something. Thcir cuckling is ol‘lcn loo Who gives ii l'--- why il was Iiiycd. Thc diunn lhing‘s iii-upli-‘s lnxnrrs rho will in rr-sisi." hnmlling of rho wnr, The only
harsh , but at least one can look forward In lhc ilrcrc, nnd llmsc ul~ you who dun’l wnnl lo cal 11 Thu Trial of the Chicago H (H) result of 1965) seems to he that
egg. (It‘s n01 ahviiys edible (dummy) hhd hem” shin hiyinh yum ,iwnI including Hill Kunlsli-r and lmi- everyone including the President In her lead article on the Senate
nill‘ll Wcinglnss) will luch similar is for peace. The questions now is in the ASP on Tuesday, Feb. ll),
mots for us. if Nixon or illL‘ how the hell do we gcl all (if our 1970, Miss Aiiitii Tliiiyer prc- '
  ('Ul‘pnl'ilit.‘ power llint hacks him troops out! sciitcil ilil essential inaccuracy in . The indoor course
by Perry Silvemiiin l)l‘llL‘V(' that! the I‘(‘lll()Vi|l (if 10 We musl nuw carefully study her report when who wrote Unit With outdoor atmosphere
courageous lenders will kill our last years actions and think of the Incmbcrsuf the Senate Execu-
Never before in modern Ameri- display in this manner. This could tcmptvof-court sentences among 1 SP Will I” "“Sist “WY 1"“ W"“”L’~ future Plum" I’D-“Sile Ilmhliih the “V0 Cﬁmmillet‘ “ier deniﬂliutcd
can courtroom history has a trial certiunly qualify as “cruel and the defendants at the close of the  “IIITIIIIIII Is the “machine nun” rm new envirnnmcnml meIIrIImS we by President KuusihmI,,Thu mum I
been conducted in a manner simi- unusual punishment” which is for— trial for their various outbursts. “5' This 4m“ “10 “10'5" Example Will hopefully drill“ the money bars 0f “WI cummith Wcm 9’0!" l
lﬂl’ to that of the Chicago “riot hidden by the El hth Amendment Shocked hr the “item i, of the will only lay llll‘ groundwork for now being used to feed the War. ed by the Senate :is ii wlrolc~~in ' _ ' ' l
conspiracy" trial which has lust to the U.S.Const[ltution. judge to usurp the role 5f lhejury Lil‘ci'U‘I‘SI-l'lllllllc- But this 500mb" (IUUMIUI- EV?“ “CCUNIHHCL‘ With (he BY'IJllW-‘i"in      'I
ended. One of the reasons behind Hofi'mim “minim from mic. inimiihsenceIWiiiihm MI Kimmie, The Albany Student Press is published two times ii week by the more doubtful is the prospect of the Spring of 196%) before Dr.  
the unusual occurrences during gun to heiiy hhmwmeni of [he criedI “Why don-i you sentence Student Association of the State University of New York at Albany. Up the Revolution, changing Nixon's views, lest he Kuusislo was named Acting Presi-
this trial can be found in the lack defense counselors and their cli- me too!" He and his legal partner THE ASP editorial office is located in Room 334 of the Cumle New Loft Organizing Committee diire insult his silent “majority.” dent. Monduyfrhursday 50¢
of discipline on the part of Judge cuts as the trial continued. De- in the defense, Leonard Weinglass, Canton This newspaper is funded by S.A. tax. The ASP was founded by F 1d S Ind 75
Julius J. Hoffman, whose main fense counsel Kunlslcr was were later also sentenced on con- Ihe “hiss Of 1918. The ASP phones are 457-2190, 457-2194. If n0 r ay' l “y w
responsibility was to make certain warned from the bench against tempt-of-court charges. Hoffman's unswerl 457'3430-
that justice was done and the leaning on u rostrum in the Court‘ formula for calculating the length Editor-in-Chicf Workers Wanted
riIghtzedoIi the accused were not room upon which attorneys place of the sentences will soon be M William Rohdc W k 
I V 0 3 In 9 Process. their notes while resentin' cases. challenged in the courts b after “"03"”! Eduor l’ul (VI/"r"
 sud“! Hszhn'lan ldefiniteIlyddk: Hoffman exprempd concean over ncys who have volunteeyred to News Editor Ani'Ia'l‘han or ers Wanted ,
"0 l3er 0"“ 9 we requ 1'9 0 the possible damage of owrn- assist Kuntsler and Wein lass. Associate News Editors Nana Durisll h f  
the man on the bench. His actions ment property. g Judge Hoffman’s ungrestruined (.‘urnl/lliiglir's The Albany student he“ need‘ p  
, appeared to be those of a man In addition, the defendants reactions to misbehavior in his Arts Editor (jury (i‘l'll T
' who pommd Dre-conceived “0' were denie‘l Permmlon by the CUUI‘I h“ Presented “h Imﬂile of Sporls Editors Roller! li‘urnilun! Feature Writers, I '
hon} about the case and who was judge to use the public toilet in himself as judge, jury, and cite Dunc Ir‘i'nlr     
‘ Willing to mete out his own brand the courthouse. Hoffman insisted cutioner of his own verdict. His Tull'hwl Edlivm 'l'nm (‘Ii‘uuim Reporter,
I or I??? If ZIIVGH "life lipiptortunlty. thiit they had to use a toilet which actions toward those who are now Linda Sins-Jule '
It 0 man“ “9 ‘l‘ﬂ 9003M“ was enclosed b metal bars and the “Chicago 9" have brourhl, Features Editor I .' ~ ri-ro . I i n k  [t M h 2 d
i, first revealed ltuelfin his reuctionu exposed to prich yigwI 1i ihem hi comparisons of His Honor :iih City Editor “urx‘llé‘I‘IfM/IIII’IIIII and Technical People.  n o  a S  n
t: Boblliy Steele's ﬂuthun‘its (IiuIrIlhg any sound reason for imposing the late Judge Roy Benn (known Bunincua Manager (If/“wk [mm/,-
t 9 HIV 5 all“ 0 0 "ﬂ. 0 such an lndlgnity u on a follow us the “Hungin Jud e", Jud i, Advertisin'Mana er . ors
gm“ lpmpe' “Hos” Iworld h“: h“"“"‘- "v I“ only khgwn IO'IUdEO Bean's brand ofglustlc: en)ded dﬁr- PhO’OHraphy Edilgor    0’   
een 0 remove one rnm t a Hoffman. ‘ - i .
courtroom-‘dally if necessary. In- The coup de grace of a" “is ﬁgf:l:h:l::t:lenlgh0ﬁ$;:'shziﬁ All communications must be addressed to the editor and must be siuﬂﬂd‘ Sport coat & "9 Street dress
I stead, Seals was bound and Honor’s actions against those on have done the same. “communlcmon' “mu” m "mm" ‘° 30° “0"” and "9 "I’ll?" '° “mm” THE WORK '5 REWARDING'   
r ,* gassed. and W“ PM“ 0“ Public trial was his distribution of con‘ ‘E‘I“°""P°"°v 0' iii-Albany Sludsanrm ltdolormlned by the Editor-ln-Chiot '....1.....;.1;...I..1L.;:I...I£.Z ........ .1...'.:...; . . . . . . . . . ., v - v : l~ - w I:   ..: ,, .

 

 

 

 

 

