 

“v..— v.

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

TUESDAY, APRIL 14, 1970

 

PAGE 8

 

Communications

 

 

I for a pace appromﬁl'aﬁon-m e o

How for Pas’over? me‘ she could give me exact fig-

To the Editors:

Monday and Tuesday, April
20th and 21st, are the start of the
Jewish holiday, Passover. This is a
time when Jewish families gather
together to retell the story of the
Jews’ flight from the persecution
of the Egyptian Pharoahs. To
many of us”, this is an important
and meaningful holiday.

We, as Jewish students. again
feel persecuted as a result of the
administration's refusal to close
the school for those two days. We
would like to be home with our
families and be assured that we
will not miss any work.

We know for a fact many other
universities are closing to show re-
spect for the Jewish students' be-
liefs. Therefore as a large minority
group on this campus. we are not
asking, but DEMANDING that
SUNYA be closed on Monday and
Tuesday, April 20th and let. We
want the same consideration that
other minority' groups on campus
have been given in the past.

JEWISH STUDENTS-‘aren't
you tired of being stepped upon
by the administration of this
school’.’ Isn't it time to do some
thing to get YOUR RIGHTS?

Linda Weiss
Marcia Roth
Donna Shapiro
Debbie Silvorstein

Student Gets “Facts”

To the Representatives of the
PYE Committee for thc I’reseutzr
tion of the Natural Environment
of Campus‘

How do you get the gall to call
NLOC ego trippers who have not
tried to get the facts. It amines
me that you got them I had in
interesting half hour in the archi-
tects office a short time ago. After
calling the office for inl'ornuition
and being informed tlial the pcr~
son I probably wished to speak
with war out. I wandered over
unrepresentative or any Omani“.
tion) and bad a marvelous time
being shafted by the front scorch
tary. Maybe it was because I did
not appear neat or clean shuven or
passive looking (actually l was
quite friendly) but she would not
let me see any plans. When I asked

urea, then abruptly disappeared in
the back room for five minutes.
Retruning, she asked, “How much
would you guess?" i Ventured
300,000 and she replied that's
about right." And so, armed with
half truths I left to bring the
world my unenlightened message
from the architects.

Michael Lippman

Inspection Praised

To the Editors:

“Thank you” to those five
R.A.s who have taken a stand on
the issue of room inspection. This
problem has become even more
serious from those reports which I
have received concerning incidents
where desk and dresser drawers
have been opened and the con-
tents shuffled while students were
away from the dorms during Ens"
ter recess.

Although your complaint is of
a moral nature, you are certainly
supported in those "inalienable"
rights guuruulecd to all citizens in
the US. Constitution. This is even
more the case in the face of this
new development.

Even though I have no com-
plete information as to who was
going through drawers during Eas-
ter vacation, I ask you to raise
Hell with your employers and let
the blame fall where it finally
may.

I’erry Silverman

Raise the Money

To the University Community:

(in Wednesday, March IH, one
student was arrested for “illegal
trcspass" occurring the previous
Friday cvvning. Many students
and faculty Were outraged at this
farcical attempt at justice. That
the arrested student was being
iiscil as .in example was obvious,
and all aspects of events surround
iiig the arrest wcrc iiiil'air, at best.
'l‘hus, three of us (Mike lloward.
l)on Wilken and 1) went to Vice
President 'l‘horne's ol'l'icc \\'Illl the
hope of having the charges drop
ped.

It was there lllill the idea of
raising enough money (about
$lt)0t)) to reimburse the Univch
sity for damages and thus “show
good faith" to the community
was brought up. The thought of

buying off the administration.
which is what this action amount-
ed to, would be an incredible
breach of ever prinlciple I believe
in under norma circumstances. In
addition, the money had nothing
to do with the charges pressed a-
gainst the student, since he was ar-
rested for trespass, not destruc-
tion of property. However, the
overriding concern in this sit-
uation was getting the charges
dropped. We had to remember
that it was not a “veteran” radical
arrested, to who a light charge
such as this might cause a little
anxiety. It was an understandably
upset freshman who was unjustly
and arbitrarily charged, and we
felt that the human factor of
keeping his record clean was of far
greater importance than the prin-
ciple involved, in this case.

It was with these feelings, and
not thoughts of “We're sorry and
we‘ll be good boys now" that we
guaranteed the money needed for
repairs of the Administration
building would be posted.

Now facing us is the task of
raising the money, since the char-
ges Were dropped. We are asking
all concerned students, faculty
and staff to contribute any money
they can. A box will be set up at
the Campus Center Information
Desk, and any “donations” will be
appreciated.

Again, we feel that ii person's
future is more important than the
damn thousand dollars needed to
free him. We hope you agree, and
if so, will help raise the necessary
money.

Thank you
Mnrly Amerikaner

Cubby Holds

Dear Students

in cinnpiirison lo the rhetoric
and demonstrations we are pre
seiilly engaged Ill concerning sln
(ll'lll power, let's not overlook :i
(|lllt‘l attempt to put [Iii-screws to
us by the Legislature .iiid (lover
lltll' liot'lii-l'cllcr

liocliy is calling for increased
enrollment. about another 2th),
for next fall and I understand that
the completion date for lndiim
Quad is anybody's guess. Simul-
taneously, the Legislature is con‘
lcnipliiling an increase in room
and board charges although the

 

Corning Community College
Corning, New York

Slllllﬂll SCHlllll 1970

Early Bird

Registration June 8 8t 9
June 10 ~ August 19 (MWF)
(6:20 - 7:50 am)

July 3-Holiday

First Day Session

Registration June 8 & 9
June 10 - July 14 (Daily)

Evening Session
Registration June 25 8: 26

Registration July 20 s 21

July 22 - August

June 29 - August 17 (MW or TTH)

 

llrocliiircs available by writing to.

Division of (‘ontiniiing Education
Corning Community College

20 (Daily)

('uniliig. New York H830

 

housing office has announced to live within walking distance of
more o. .I r In for C” "i r tut-nu, off-
next fall. campus housing, except for those
I've had enough! Are we going with money to burn, is non-
to placidly allow ourselves to be existent.
crammed like sardines into cubby Invest five minutes and two
holds and be charged more for the stamps, WriteMOmmYand dear old
“privilese"? Rocky. Let them know we want
Move off-campus you say? I‘ve decent housing in SUNYA!
lived off-campus and talked to
other off-campus students. Rooms
and apartments are at a premium
and for those students who have

A SUNYA sardine who has had it!
(name witheld)

 

All Power to the People

 

 

 

Right now the NLOC is pushing hard to stop construction of a
$330,000 garden. We are proposing a “people’s park" as an alter-
native.

It is important to realize that we do not care only about a park.
This is a small, but symbolic, part of what We want.

The park is an excellent place for us to start because it represents
so many aspects of what we see as the system that we must overcome.

To the members of PYE that claim the administration's plan is
ecologically acceptable, and to everyone who is into ecology, we can-
not see the collage of concrete and sod as acceptable. Especially not
for $330,000. We all want more grass, more trees, and less concrete. A
few dollars could take care of our "postage stamp."

The question of whose park will look better is obviously irrelevant.
The question of who determines the use that this land will be put to is
central. The control of our resources by the few has gotten into the
ecological catastrophe we are experiencing today.

We are not trying to determine what should be done with the land.
We are attempting to prevent Rocky and his friends from making that
decision for us.

It is argued that if construction is stopped the money allocated for
that project could not be used for anything else by the university and
would revert back to the state. This may be so but until we challenge
the very structure of the system we cannot begin to end the pollution,
oppression, genocide, racism and other crimes which are unseparnble
parts of that system.

That the money cannot be used in a way more relevant to the
needs of the people, is a rule we must attack, not submit to, We must.
reorder the priorities of this university, of this Country.

What we are demanding is z~zclf‘dctcrmination‘I the right of every
individual to define his own needs.

We do not believe that Nixon or the CIA has the right to define the
needs of the people of Southeast Asia. We certainly do not believe
that llieir primary need is genocide.

'l‘he sclf-dctermination we iire demanding would pul an end to
institutional racism, such as that experienced in the unions contracted
to construct the garden.

Self-dclcrniiiuilioii means that we, the people, decide what we need
in the way of professors and courses; how much a garden is worth
while we are being closed out of CI' .' and departments; that the
liquor lobby is not the ultimate authority in deciding the legality of
nuiriininia; and end to racism; the need for an alternative to the auto-
mobile, which produces (itl'Vn of all air pollution; that our lake and
water supplies are more important than the industries destroying them
for profit ; and that all resources be used to benefit the people and not
to control and destroy them.

To the individual self-determimition should mean that be can live
his life with dignity and that ambiguous, arbitrary, oppressive laws,
and bureaucratic rules will not determine his life for him.

Wednesday, April If) is Moratorium Day. For us to march on the
capital in large numbers as we have done on previous moratorium days
would be a spectacular displin of our concern.

For any number of us to l'orce a moratorium of construction on
that day would be ll step in determining the use of our land and our
lives. This sel("determination is ii necessary achievement if we are to
say “we will not contribute to the perpetuation of the profitecr's

Will‘s.

 

The time talk but; ended. The time to act has come. Come together
in front of Campus Center. Tomorrow, Wednesday: 12 noon.
ALL POWER TO THE PEOPLE

NLOC

 

STATE FAIR
is last approaching

Final deadline for booth applications is Fri-
day, April 17. Please obtain forms at the C. C.
Information Desk or call Pat Schumann,
457-4012.

 

 

 

 

W HAT?
Applications for WHO'S WHO available at CC info Desk
Deadline: Thursday, April 16 at 5:00 p.m.

Qualifications: Juniors and lst semester seniors

Applications must be returned to CC 346

 

 

 

TUESDAY, APRIL 14, 1970

Ala Ed-DinTo BePrescnteﬂ
In The PAC This Week ‘ 

by Mary Eileen O'Donnell

 

     

    
 

  
 
 
  

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

Aroeste directs Shaw’s THE FAS-
CINATING FOUNDLING.

p.m. Peg LaFever directs Strind-
berg's THE STRONGER. and Joel

 

 

 

        

   

   

 

 

t0.....00000000it..0.t..t.i.i‘i00‘..0i

ALA-ED—DIN, State Univer- 
sity Theatre's fourth major pro-  
duction of the season, opens next   5
Wednesday for its five-day run in h V 1
the Experimental Theatre of the it“? ,
Performing Arts Center. S l   A  r 
i The costumes for the more 
than thirty members of the cast of by S‘eve Hirsch m by the lunch line checker as the 5
ALA—ED” DIN hm’“ been ‘10' It was tl weekend for music and “Bronx Zoo", and the chorus
Sign“! by Arlene DllMoml L0 “3' 'm‘rrlmcnl “5 ChOI‘USL‘S from BMW from Cortland State were the life
l'lect Mid-Eastern sumptuoiisness. can different SUNY units can, of the party. And a may “I was.

The 5” fur “‘0 Experimcm‘” verged on the Oswego State cam- To use 3 popular phrase, it was a ‘1

Theatre was designed by Robert J‘ pus for the First Annual SUNY genuine cclebmuon of “re‘ “ coup 5, k V I
DOHHEHYG and “Sh tints" smm‘l' “nd Choral Festival. Representing brution through music. The ladies of the chorus ofAIa,ed_d,-n photo by Berdamin
special effects designed by Jerome SUNYA we”, The Slmﬂgmem AI_ .

Hunlev' bany’s men's choir. It was a great h P

Tickets are on sale now for time. The Statesmen made a name C   
ALA~-ED—DIN in the PAC hux for themselves as perforrlners nn;l

ice, 0 en duil from 1] (0 .1_ people, receiving tlic on y stant- S k N  d t
Tizkets use $1.00yf0r adults, $.50 int! OVilllO" “We” to the LWent-l"  S  u  
for children. and free with student 0"” Chorus” “ml Pt‘l'furmf'd- ing the student body to look into
tax. Reservations may be made by While "Ul rehoursiniz vrflttjendmg The Chinese program at the the pmgrmm ' .
calling 2157-8606. other COHCL‘I‘lISV WCH‘ Slllttlllt! 4|” University is now in its fifth year, Fromm" Woo stated. thin, it is

over cam pus. sereiiiiding the and the enrollment In the lﬂll' not difficult to learn Chinese. The

Cllrlﬂln lime [0" ALA lunehroom or organizing 2 am. gringo classes has gone from five (th. main “was of study emphu.
EDHDIN is ti pm. Wednesday pillow fights intheco-ediicational students five years ago to an sized a”, the suundsv um Speech
lllmlltlll Sillllrdily evening-‘3. “"‘l 3' living quarters in an elementary (.nmnmenl of 25 in the present puuerlm" and the learning of the “W
l p.m. matinee on Friday. and H 2 school gym. 'l‘he Statesmen, div momentary chi , A class of thirty chunmicm . m
p.m. matinee Saturday and rected by Karl A. 8. Peterson, per- 0,. more is anticipated (‘m- me Full, Although (he sounds me “(3”?

Sunday. formed “Brothers. Sing On", "In “(mow-r me“. is “ rooﬁng m they have u mousing sound Dr." .5
T‘"“‘"""” I'l't’m Curl 0"”‘5 uneasinesea on the part of many given is class each (lay in the
Frldtly “Fulﬁll April 17. “Carmina Biii-aiizi“and a novelty siudvnts com-9min“ my study of “mp” cxucum,” (,r the rm“.
in the Arm“ 'l‘hcl'lvl'“. Exlu‘l'i' piece called “In the Manner of (‘himism Therofnm‘ Professor w”. “mos.
meiitnl Theatre presents two o'ne- “under” Hm.“ woo, Chairman or the. Are" The swath pmwms are short
net plays. bath at 7:30 and 9.00 The Statesman. referred Chmese Linguine Program' '5 um- iind logical. and ideas are followml
in Sequence. 'l‘liesc too are drilled
both in class and in the language 4
ltll). (
Although the cluirzictcrs are the
part of the language which fright.-
ens most students away, they are
explained in their true role of
word piclur ' ’ be entomology ol'
the character is of great iiid lo the
student in helping him to remem-
ber llll‘ picture and the word
meaning. as well as being interest-
InI’vl'iventy I'ivc government grants
will be giVen to allow students to
take in summer program in Singir
POI‘l' in 1971. This program will
include elementary studies, and
any interested student may apply.
iln addition, interested juniors
and seniors may take advantage of
the University‘s Niing Yang pro-
gram. Any students interested in
The Albany Statesmen perform at the First Annual SUNY Choral Concert in Oswego. 'I‘ W my “sped M. [he prawn", "my
upon“)le contact Prof. Woo in “u 243.

Q *0...‘¥O..‘iﬁ.i.‘i..........‘..t‘.‘.........0.....0:

. I

. O

. O

. O

- unsur FREE .

o SET Y0 .

. O

. O

. i

9 . THE .

’ e

' .lOIII CPC FUN .

"‘ e

' e

9 COMMISSION .

. e

O . . f O

\

ii Applications or :

. C

. O

. O

. O

’ RAMMING COMMISSION .

~ COMMUNITY ROG ,

. G

. O

z ' C I f t ' 11 Des k ‘

s are available at C n orma 10 . :

. i

. O

' 'l 20 «v

a through Apr] . .

' e

’ e

' e

. . H mm dual“; (3.3,? ‘ '21”.

‘ IT’S SMARTTOWHKFOBSOMEIOIWWHO NEEBSW". .   V  g,

. O inn-umemo-mum. o mm. o kIAuu. 

. t

i- 3 ,

.

.ﬁttitttit.ittt

_ at). ,,...,..‘

 

