 

 

 

 

Robert M. Ford, 32, currently
completing his Ph.D. requirements
at Springfield College, today was
appointed assistant professor of
physical education at State Uni-
versity at Albany, effective
August 27,1970. In addition to
his teaching responsibilities in the
department he will coach the
university’s first year football club
and the varsity lacrosse team.

Ford formerly was assistant
professor of physical education at
St. Lawrence University, where he
was head football and freshman
lacrosse coach. He also has taught
at Albright College and Spring-
ﬁeld.

Albany will begin inter-
collegiate football with a six-game
schedule in the fall. The historic
opener is slated October 10
against visiting Rochester Institute
of Technology. Other opponents
will be Siena College, Towson
State (Md), Marist College, State
College at Plattaburgh, and Hud-
son Valley Community College.
Home games will be played on the
ﬁeld surrounded by the running
track behind the physical educa-
tion building. Permanent bleach-
era for an estimated 2,200 persons
are being constructed on the steps
of the building and additional
accomodations also will be avail-
able.

In four years at St. Lawrence,
Ford compiled a 14-23-1 football
record. His 1965 team won the
Independent College Athletic
Conference (ICAC) championship
with a league mark of 3-1. That
fall, the then 27-year olf Ford was

AMIA

ln League I action STE defeat-
ed a tough KB team 11-9.

In the upset of the season,
TXO defeated APA Saturday
18-4. Last year’s league I champs
were hampered by poor fielding.
APA redeemed themselves Sunday
with a 2-1 victory over Purple
Smoke. Shortstop Doug Chesser
and Firstbaseman Jim Stear ex-
changed positions and 3rd base-
man Bill Motto made 8 assists as
APA displayed the fielding which
brought them the championship
last year.

APA and S'I‘B are now tied for
ﬁrst place with identical 3-1
records followed closely by TXO
at 2-1.

I league IIA APA defeated
ASDUC 11-10 in extra innings.
APA is now 3-0.

There will be an AMIA Council
(all SUNYA male students) meet-
ing Friday, May 1, 1970 at 1:15
p.m. in Physical Education Center
125. Plans must be made now for
the 1970-71 Intramural Year.

‘Ot'

AMIA Golf Entries (individual
and team) must be submitted by
Wednesday. May 6 at the 4:15
p.m. captain's meeting in I’.E.
123. For more information call
Cliff Draper at 7-7963.

Oiled

Individuals interestcd in com-
puting in the AMIA tennis trou-
ney may enter by going to the
AMIA Office, PE 134. You may
phone 457-4513 for information.
Awards will be given at the con-
clusion of the tourney Sunday,
May 17, 1070.

ALBANY STUDENT mass

TUESDAY, APRIL 28, 1970

THE ASP spams '

Ford Named FirstFootball Cpach  SUNYA History

recognized {I the youngest head
college foo ball coach in the na-
tion. In 1967, he was named one
of the Outstanding Young Men of
America by the Junior Chamber
of Commerce. He also had three
undefeated seasons as freshman
lacrosse coach at St. Lawrence.

Ford originally had gone to St.
Lawrence as a graduate student in
1959, after receiving a 3.8. in
physical education from Spring-
field. At St. Lawrence, he earned
an M.Ed. in educational adminis-
tration and coached the freshman
football team to a 4-1 season.

STA TE BASEBALL
-EDITORIAL

by Bob Zaremba

The Albany State Great Dane Baseball team could very possibly be
one of the most obscure organizations on campus. Sad, but true. What
has happened to the national pastime at SUNYA? Why is it that they
get less publicity than the girls ﬁeld hockey team? Why is it that their
only spectator is Benny Seigel?

One reason might have to do with where they play. For those of
you who don't know where the field is (or who didn’t know that the
team existed) it is in a nice little inconspicuous out of the way place,
alongside the lake. Here in this remote corner of the campus the Great
Dane baseball squad thrives. Or maybe I should say hides. The
mastermind wizards of Albany State's construction planning staff
neglected to find a parking lot for the unfortunate club. This makes it
a nice little hike to get there (about a full mile's trek from Colonial
Quad). In short you'll find that you have to put yourself out quite a
bit to see a game. Few people do, more than once.

Another reason for poor publicity and poor attendance could be
the poor quality of the team, although last year was a very promising
11-6 season. Trouble is. it didn't keep its promise. We're 3-5 this year
and the club spirit is sinking fast.

About the team, Jim Sandy is undoubtedly the leader of the team.
He's the captain and he’s the best. Pro scouts have been eyeing him
for over a year now. I guess you could say “As Sandy goes so go the
Danes " Well Sandy hasn‘t been going so good. Neither have the
Danes Sandy has 11 none too dandy .125 batting average and is ﬁnding
it hard to get back into the good groove. The Danes never were in a
good groove. But they're in a bad one now. They‘ve lost their last four
straight.

I‘d like to be able to say that it’s just a rebuilding year and that
there are a lot of bright new young prospects. But I can‘t. First of all
this wasn’t supposed to be a rebuilding year this was supposed to be
THE year when Albany would put everything together Instead
everything has fallen apart. Second there are only two sophs on the
starting lineup: Rodney Dunbar on second and Jeff Saperstein at
third.

The picture isn‘t as bad as I've made it out to be. It's worse. I've
left out the fact that we have less to look forward to in future years. I
hate to be repetitious but it's that old problem of talent (darn it). You
see, jocks and 95 averages don't correlate. And if we took in a small
handful of athletes. with (God forbid) 80 or 85 averages on
scholarships, why the academic credentials of the University would
plummet downward and Heaven knows what would become of
SUNYA. I shudder even to think of it. Three (3) baseball scholarships
a year isn’t asking a hell of a lot. Two (2)? I know it's insane. The
pillars on the podium would probably collapse.

There are a number of ways for a University to make itself
known--to spread its name around. One is through academic achieve-
ment and excellence. That takes time. We're working on it. Another
way believe it or not (and you'd better believe it) is through the sports
world. Yes little do we realize that a school can begin to distinguish
itself and make a name for itself in more than one way.

Sad, but true.

Netters Whip RPI , 7-2
For Fourth Straight

Lacrosse Evens Slate;
RIT Tomorrow

The Great Dane lacrosse team
defeated Hartwick Saturday 12-8
in a fine team effort. The win
boosted the season’s record to
two wins and two losses.

Mark Werder and Steve Jak-
way, last year's number 2 and 3
scorers, each scored 3 goals. At-
tackman Mike Barlotta added
two with midﬁelders Kevin Shee-
han, Butch McGuerty, John Soja
and Tom Mullins hitting one
apiece.

Bobby Colo played is usual
exceptional game in the goal, col-
lecting 21 saves. Thus far the

Workshop

on

Commuter Problems
Saturday, May 2nd

problem for the team has been a
lack of experience among the de-
fensemen.

Tomorrow, we will host a very
powerful RI'I‘ squad at 3:30 p.m.
Rochester is led by middie Bruce
Olpalka, considered one of the
finest ballplayers in the state.

Captain Larry Smith is recovering
well from his early season rib
injury and it is expected that he
will be back before season's end,
something which was hardly con-
sidered at the time of the mishap.

by Ted Rosenberg

The State netmcn extended
their unbeaten string to 14 and to
four straight this year as they
destroyed RPI at Troy 7-2. Singles
players Ken Fishman (1), Dave
(Hondo) Hawley (2), Ted Rosen-
berg (3), Hal Forrest (4) and Chris
Burke (6) all registered triumphs.
State has clinchedull four of its
wins by the singles thus far. The
only loss in the singles came at no.
5 where frosh Eric Carlson lost a
three setter to his IiI’l foe. State
won two of the three doubles
matches with Ted Rosenberg and
Ken Fiahman moving up to no. 1
doubles from no. 2 due to the
absence of Captain Dave Hawley
for doubles play. They responded
with a Very hard fought 6-2. 4-6,
5-6 victory over the no. 1 duo
from RPI. Chris Burke and Bruce

Helleshimer at no. 3 doubles won
easily and the frosh team of Hal
Forrest and Eric Carlsen, moving
from their accustomed no. 3 spot
to no. 2 lost a close three set
match. Coach Hathaway feels that
the team is rounding into form,
and that a loss in a match that the
team has won already may be
good for a player because it might
give him more ldOBlN‘ in his next
outing where the team may really
need his point The hope is that
the bad ones are out of the team's
system and everyone will be "on"
against Oneonta, the team which
may be Albany‘s biggest hurdle
toward a second straight perfect
season. If the Learn gets by
Oneonta they still face talented
Hartwick and Stony Brook
squads so it will be all uphill from
here.

LC 4 9 am-4 pm

to actively discuss and pursue
the problems of the commuter
on the University campus
Speakers will be from
Student Association.

the Administration.

and Food Service

 

 

LIIJLJLILJLILLIULILILILJLILJLJLlLlLlLJLlLlLJLlLlLlLJI—lLlLlLlLlLlLlLlLlLlLlLlLlLJLILIULILILJLILJLILILILILILJLILIUUUUUUUUULIIJLLLLIJJLLILJLILILIJLIJUULUULLILLLLLIJJ

 

TUESDAY, APRIL 28, 1970

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

WHY-
mandatory student lax?

What does student to: do for no?

Student tax pays for almost all student activities on campus. It includes
funding of the ASP, radio station WSUA, the Torch (school yearbook),
most clubs concerts, and organizations.

Fact: if the student tax is not mandatory, nearly every group will
receive less funds than this year. Read that copy of Student Association's
“bits and pieces" you picked up yesterday. It shows. Residence quads this
year received between $1,500 and $2,900. Next year, under a voluntary
tax system, each quad would get the same—$500. This year the Torch is
free (if you paid the tax both semesters). Fact: next year it'll cost you
$2.00 and payment of voluntary tax. Clubs will get some of the worst
funding in years- over 75% of the clubs now funded will receive LESS
than this year. This is despite the fact that more students than ever are
joining clubs.

Ever use the gym? Do you like the fact that it's usually open? Both
Academic Advisory Board '5 budget and that of CPC have been cut— or will
be cut if tax is not mandatory. Fact: AAB asked for $113,000. Voluntary
tax will give them only $86,000. This will seriously cripple recreational
activities.

Plays concerts, fairs, Weekends. All will be starving due to lack of
funds No emergency money— the money that made Bill Kunstler’s speech
possible— will be available.

What does Student tax do for you? EVERYTHING— this year. Without
mandatory student tax, it'll do a lot less.

(Still not convinced? Any unanswered questions? Read Terry Mathias’s
VISITATIONS in last Friday's ASP. And yesterday’s “bits and pieces”.
They’re both worth the effort if you’re really concerned. Or call
457-5430. Anyone there can explain it.)

Doesn’t mandatory in hurt some people financially?

It hurts everyone financially, just like buying shoes or the week’s food.
Or the rent. Usually, if you can afford the State University of N.Y. at
Albany, you can afford student tax. If you can’t afford all of the expenses
here, you can have the mandatory tax part waived~ by the Financial Aids
office. It’s the first thing to go off of the bill~ but you really must be
unable to afford it. If you have problems other than financial or wish to
appeal a decision, there's the Student Tax Committee. For example, if you
live 40 miles away and only come here once a week, you can probably get
payment waived. (If you only take 3 credits per semester here, tax is
waived automatically. 4-8 credit students pay only half.)

Why should in be mandatory?

Some people claim that they don't want mandatory tax, but that they’d
voluntarily pay voluntary tax. They claim that people who can't afford it
should not be forced to pay. As explained above, anyone who really can't
afford it can have it waived~ by Financial Aids or Tax Committee. From
past experience, the chances that any one person will voluntarily pay are
but 3 in 5. Can 40% of this school really not afford the tax, or are they
just saving a few dollars and still using the gym facilities listening to the
radio station, reading the ASP?

Student Association needs Mandatory Student Tax in order to continue
worthwhile programs which will otherwise be cut to the bone or lost
completely. Mandatory tax needs your vote.

VOTE “YES” ON MANDATORY STUDENT TAX
madam toqu 7W Hams?»

PAGE-9‘ f

DDDDUEIEIBDDUUCEEIIIJJDDDDDCDUDDUCIDEIDUDEDDDUIDDUDDDUDDUDDUDDDDUWUUDUUW

 

 

 

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTHEMENT

ADVERTﬁEMENT

 

