i
i
i
i
t
i

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  

"Av-MM. y

i'

 

PAGE 6

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

TUESDAY, APRIL 14, 1970

 

iiiiiiiii is Student Millie?

YOUNG SOCIALIST ALLIANCE

 

 

COMMUNL '

 

CA TI 0NS

 

 

 

‘ With the April 15th National Anti-War Strikes and Demonstrations
at hand, where has the new "radical" leadership of the Albany State
Student Mobilization Committee gone?

The mass actions of April 16th were decided and called for by the
majority of the National Student Mobilization Anti-War Convention
in Cleveland over the weekend of February 14th. This February anti-
war convehtion was the largest of its ,kind ever held in the United
States. out of this convention came the main perspective of mass
anti-war actions around the slogans of "Immediate and total With-
drawalof all U.S. Troops," and US. out of Vietnam, Laos, Cambodia,
and all of Southeast Asia.

In a show of anti-YSA sentiment, Judy Bank (now a member of
New Left Organizing Committee) was elected chairwoman of Student
Mobe here at Albany State. Saying that the YSA and other inde-
pendent anti-war activists couldn't conduct the anti-war activities pro-
perly, those supporting the chairwoman ( many of them now mem-
bers of the NLOC) assumed the responsibility of building the demon-
strations here at the State University. Now with the demonstrations
less than a week away it turns out that our militant chairwoman and
most of those who had supported her have abandoned the Student
Mobilization Committee. (The chairwoman resigned from Student
Mobe the week before Easter Vacation). They abandoned Student
Mobe without making one definite arrnagement for April 15th.

All of these militants who were going to inject such radical poli-
ties into the anti-war movement have now become soldiers in the
struggle to save the “Peoples Park." We are glad to see these responsi‘
ble people have discovered what causes, what issues, are of the great-
est importance. in their attempt to give all power to the people it is
obvious that the peoples park has priority over the anti-war move-
ment. We all know that the members of the University community
who relax on the lawns would much rather lay around the armpits of
the podium. The political Formulations of the peoples park as laid
down by the NLOC are insipid, politically meaningless. But, the New
Left Organizing Committee is tired of marching against the war. isn't
that too bad. What if the Vietnamese were tired of Marching against
US. aggression?

The New Left Organizing Committee will eventually wither away to
political impotence, just as its philosophical predecessor. the old-
fashioned S.D.S. withered awary. A broken window, or directions for
making Molotov Cocktails are no substitutes fora weildefi‘ncd politi-
cal analysis and perspective; a small group of self-styled revolutidn-
aries is no stubstitute for a mass movement; the ‘revolutionary youth
culture’ is no substitute for socialist revolution.

Common Sense

In a meeting of the History Department faculty, a majority passed
a resolution stating that all undergraduate history courses that did not
have graduate assistants would be limited to no more than 25 students
each. The purpose of this decision was, basically, to pressure the
University to provide more funds to the History Department for its
fellowship and graduate assistant programs.

Those who suffer most from this attempt by the department to
play power politics are the students themselves. These members of the
History Department faculty who approved this resolution with the
intent of using their students as pawns are shifting the burden of
pressing their demands upon the Administration to the students af-
fected.

It is possible that these faculty members who decided to play uni-
versity politics wanted to protect themselves from the risks of direct
confrontation with their superiors who sit at the highest levels in this
unit of the SUNY system.

As deplorable as this attempt to use the students as pawns in an act
of power politics may be, it is neither surprising nor unexpected.
During the past two years, students at Albany State have mobilized
their own strength to inﬂuence decisions made at the various levels of
the university administrative apparatus. The use of this accumulated
student power by those other than the students was destined.

Will this method of attack by the History Department be effective
in achieving its objectivc?--most likely. However, where are these gra-
duate assistants that the department will acquire the money to pay for
going to come from? You certainly cannot expect the bulk of them to
come from the present ranks of History undergraduates. in most
cases, individual pride will deter a person from continuing to work
with those who have trodden upon him. The History Department will
discover that it has hurt itself more than it could suppose through the
course of action it has chosen.

State University of New York at Albany
Student Association
Supreme Court

Decision on the Constitutional ‘

Induction Ceremony. “y 0' me MISKANIA 19“ Tappmg and

Under consideration is the constitutionality of the topping and induction oi
MVSKANIA 1971 as challenged in a retail it presented to the Supreme Court at
the State University oi New Vork at Albany by Leonard Kopp.

Rex Kopp referral: “On March 8. i970 MVSKANIA 1910 violated the Stu»
dent Association Constitution by tapping and later induction iourioon iitniliburs
tor the new MVSKANIA 1970-71."

The Court will now consider the constitutionality oi the aforementioned
action.

Article V. Section l.a of the Student Association Constitution oi liio Siatu
University of New York at Albany states:

a. “MVSKANIA shalt be composed of thirteen members oi Student Associa-
tion who shall be recognized for their contributions to the University."

The Court‘rulus that by tripping and lnducltnq l4 inarribers to MYSKANIA
1971, MYSKANIA 1970 violated Article V. Section l,a oi the Student Associa-
tion Constitution; therefore. the lapping and Induction Ceremony was unconsti-
tutionai and hence invalidated.

The Court so rules by a vote oi 4-0-0 (Justices iiaiiduliiian, Hoali. Polskow-
ski. and Stephan concurring).

Therefore, MVSKANIA 1971 is not in existence at the present limo. In order
to have a M‘ISKANIA 1971. a new tapping and Induction ceremony will have
to be held. At this time only the thirteen ol' :tud candidates for MVSKANIA
1971 can be tapped and inducted.

So rendered by the Supreme Court oi the Student Association oi the State
University oi New York at Albnay. this tenth day or April, Nineteen Hundred
and Severity.

 

by Perry R, Silverman

 

 

 

Jay Handaiman. Associate Chief Justice
William Hoalt. .lr.. Justice

Edward 5. Potskowskl. Justice

CAri Stephan, Justice

 

 

 

Action Supported
To the Editors,

We of the Albany Friends Meet-
ing support the spirit motivating
today’s non-violent action at the
Federal Induction Center by
twanty-t‘ive to thirty persons, sev-
eral of whom attend our meeting.
We note too that they were en-
couraged by a vigil of support of
some one hundred persons.

We appreciate the courage of
those who risked arrest in witnes-
sing to their opposition to the
Vietnam War, conscription, and
the whole war system. We feel
that they acted for us and out of
love for all humanity. We com-
mend the discipline they showed
in keeping both the spirit and the
action of this demonstration com-
pletely non-violent.

We wish especially to express
out loving support of the seven-
teen persons who were arrested at
the demonstration: Katharine
Johnson, Richard Evans, Melanie
Evans, Carol Crandell, Martha
Dickenson, Rezsin Adams, Doris
Traschcn, Eric Johnson, Jay Chet-
ncy, William Sanderson, Edward
Entwhistle, Robert Rohde, Joseph
Vencrosa, Barry Gershin, Cliff
Lockwood, Jr., Simon Burrow,
Stephen Price.

We have faith that their civil
Idisobedienc will ultimately lead
toward a repeal of the draft and
an end to war.

On behalf of
Albany Friends Meeting.
Werner C. Baum, Clerk

Damn Pipes!

To the Editors:

in the light of scientific find-
ings on the danger of cigarette
smoking come more obnoxious
aberration of our environment,
i.e. cigar and pipe smokiers. Al-
though personally the smoker
may be "safer" with a pipe or ci-
gar, the annoyance to non-
smokers escalates drastically.

The Lecture Center complex
compounds the problem since
ventilation is far from perfect.
However, the cooperation of these
smokers is also for from perfect.
While no one would certainly ever
dream of denying the right ofthe
individual to smoke, the question
is the right thesestudents hiiVe to
deny others their right to clean
tilr.

ironically enough, our pipe and
cigar smokers often sport PYE
buttons. Apparently the only en~
vironineiit worth protecting is in
their view the one which affects
them personally. Howevr-r, if we
are to really work toward cleaning
our air in terms of more than rhe-
toric, action has to be more cf-
l‘ective than a polite request. Per-
haps more consideration cannot
be depended upon.

Whether a complete prohibition
of smoking is necessary is certain-
ly debatable, but something
should be done. If we are to be
committed more than super-
ficially to clean air, perhaps we
might take action with regard io
our own environment.

Carol lluglies

Apathy
To anyone who cares...

April Htli we attended a Martin
Luther King memorial lecture in
the lecture center. It was given by
former Embassadorto Ghana, Mr.
Franklin Williams. The attendance
was small. (We would estimate at
about 35.) Among those listening
were several professors of the Af-
ro-American Studies Department,

to awaken in time to applaud, rise
and remark to one of the men
from the Afro-Anaerican Studies
the Vice President of Academic Af department thai this was a fine
fairs, Mr. O'Reilly, black students, speech!
and several white students. All We have to say to you Mr_
The essence of Mr. Williams’ O‘Reilley is that we feel a Strong
speech was concerned with black resentment for you and the ma.
consciousness and the token poli- jority of whites who exemplify
tical power being :offeredl to this kind of behavior, and we sag.
blacks in our society. Whether or 3881 that the next time you are
not the black students present disinterested please stay home and
identified with his rather con- sleep. You shame our race,
servative views is not what moti- Kathleen Sanwald and
vated my letter. We write because Jo Anne Buehje,
we are ashamed and embarassed at 6 ,9
the poor reception given to Mr. ‘ 0M Way
Williams by Mr. O’Reilly. We were
amazed to watch Mr. O'Reilly rise
to deliver a beautifully “affected
and insincere" greeting to Mr. Wil-
liams in 2 sentences which per-
fectly betrayed his true feelings,
sit down and immediately fall
asleep! He personified exactly
what Franklin Williams described
as the problem of white attitudes
towards the BlaCk people. He sat
and had a comfortable snooze--
completely unaware of the
speaker-— as if the speaker were
"invisible." He is the symbol of
pacification and apathy among
whites. He then had the audacity

visitations

by Scott Burleigh

To the Editors:

On the railing leading down to
the lecture complexes, directly in
front of the Campus Center, there
is a metal plate with the words
"Center for Educational Com-
munication” on it. Since the lec-
ture centers inhibit rather than en-
courage two-way conversation, i
would like to suggest that another
plate be put next to the former,
with the words, “One Way.“

Linda Pierson

 

 

 

 

The abortion—law reform discussions in recent months have led me
to question a central assumption in our (essentially) Christian thought
processes: is all human life indeed sacred, the ultimate measure ofall
value?

Our humanistic literature, arts, mores, and laws are all rooted in
this premise, and any objection to it is practically unthinkable, the
highest heresy. Protest against the war in Vietnam (or any war) pro-
cedes from the firm belief that killing is wrong. Capital punishment in
this country is nearly extinct. Some unsubstantiated figures once
quoted to me indicate that, of all medical research going on in the
World, 1% is concerned with birth control while 99% is devoted to
death control. The senile, the chronically ill, the totally paralyzed and
the hopelessly retarded are legion in our hospitals and nursing homes,
Before many more years have passed, people may begin asking if the
State‘s real obligation is to preserve human life, to control its con4
ception, or to terminate it. And which lives are we talking about?

Selective, state-sanctioned homicide is, of course, at the heart of
any society. All governmental authority is ultimately derived from the
ability and right of the masses, through due process, to murder indivi-
duals who apparently pose a threat to society. Eskimos kill off their
old people. Some societies kill deformed infants, thinking them incar-
nations of evil spirits. A few destroy all girl babies born in times of
famine. We, along with most other societies, slaughter members of
other societies; there is nothing new about killing for public good.

is it right? World War II has been justified by "the greatest good for
the greatest number," but abortion is thought somehow different.
being a matter of principle. It cannot be attacked on the grounds that
the victims are guilty of no crime, for neither were the individual
Germans or Japanese whom we so cooly massacred in troop-ship .it-
tacks. There it was a matter of national survival, of simple self‘
defense; they were our enemies. lt does not yet seem possible that a
three-month-old fetus might be an enemy. Perhaps when things get a
little tighter, we may realize the damage that yet another potential
human being by the mere fact of his existence.

Abortion also goes against our British tradition of sportsmanship;
the poor thing can't Fight back. Exactly what bearing the temporary
defenselessness of an enemy has on the nature of the long-term threat
he poses has never been clear to me. i should think that the proper
time to do something is the time when it can be done best, without
interference or chance of failure. Would it be better to let the child be
born and grow to manhood, and then slowly starve him to to death,
knowmg that in his desperation he may do harm to otlicrs‘.’ But per-
liaps l lack the requisite sensitivity.

There are other objections to abortion, among them the Great Man
theory (which professes horror at the thought of aborting a potential
Einstein, Ignoring the evidence that achievement is primarily a pro-
duct ‘of environment, rather than of some rare and precious gene
combination) and a sick fear that the legalization of abortion will
release women from their traditional sexual roles, contributing to our
long-overdue revolution in sexuality.

1 think the real significance of uborition reform is the likelihood
that the value we place of human life will decline as a result, The
problem might be handled by injecting into the public consciousness a
careful redefinition of “human life" which excludes fetuses. This,
however. is a Nazi ploy to which I object for its potential as an
instrument of totalitarianism: the definition might in- periodically rel
Vised to exclude those judged subhumaii by anatomical, psychological.
or eVen' political standards. What is needed is not an unstable and
necessarily Vicious conception of "human," but a rational reevaluation
of humanism with attention to the realities of human life of this
planet.

Effective birth control measures may, of course, make the whole
“remon “meme (“will for that fringe element which will always
Liz/s Btzﬁzm  eggsaa human beings). in the absence of such mea-
impli'cnnong’33:33:21:-lﬁ‘yChULogicul,‘legal, political, and cultural
“on problam use”. y me t it as influential as the overpopula-

ALBAN Y STUDENT PRESS

 

PAGE 7

 

 

E d itor i at
Our Mummified Ed. Dept.

 

As the old Albany State Teachers College grad-
ually became the State University of New York at
Albany, ti thick layer of dust descended upon the
undergraduate education department. Today this
department exists in a state of virtual iiiiiiiiiﬁcaiioii.

The recent dialogue brought forth a group of stu‘

Comment

CURE, Now

Monday, University Senate will decide whether
or not to accept the new statement of the Under
graduate Degree l’aitcrn which would end university
requirements for all undergraduates.

We think there is no real choice. Siiidcnl pro-

dcnts who recognized the condition of the cduca- grams of Sway Should be a mane, of individual

tioii department and who are

change it. These students, calling themselves Con-
carried Undergraduate Education Students (CUES),
are seeking 50-50 representation on the Teacher

Education Comniittce-- the

thumb now rcsts so ﬁrmly upon the undergraduate

education program.

All undergraduates enrolled in education courses
are urged to attend a meeting Thursday at 7:00 in
the Fireplace Lounge to discuss the implementation
of 50-50 representation. If you, like tiic students
comprising CUES, feel that the education depart-

cagcrly trying to

committee whose

day.

merit needs a good spring cleaning, voice your opin-
ion at Thursday‘s meeting. Clear your lungs of the
dust-filled education classes at last.

G.G.

self-determination. This is not a debatable question.
Requirements are a hindrance to education.

To insure that the Senate doesn‘t ignore the stu-
dcnts, it is cvcryonc‘s responsibilityto vote in the
open opinion poll Wednesday, Thursday, and Fri-

Hopefully, the Senate will iiol blatantly refuse
the expression of student opinion. It is an oppor-
tunity for this institution to gain some credibility as

a legitimate university governing organization.

A .T.

To the Jewish Students

To the Jews of SUNYA:

We're off to a good start. You
have admitted, if not to others, at
least to yourself, that you are a
Jew. Don‘t laugh! in his quest to
be assimilated into the Protestant
establishment, the American Jew
especially the young American
Jew, finds it difficult to say forth-
right to his Gentile friends “Yes, i
am a Jew." No only this but he
finds it fashionable and proper to
mock Jewish traditions to in-
gratiate himself with his friends.
He laughs when a non-Jew mock-
ingly calls him a “cheap Jew" or a
“Jew bastard" and rationalizes his
laughter by saying that the insult
was said in jest.

When is the American Jew
going to realize that those words
are not always said in jest? When
is he finally going to realize that
he cannot forget his Jewish iden-
tity if for no other reason then for
the fact that the non-Jews will not
let him forget his Jewishness. Of
course, it's ludicrous that it person
should be judged by his religion or
the color of his skin, but this is
what happens The Blacks are

finally waking up and realizing
that they cannot assimilate; the
American melting pot just doesn‘t
work. it is harder for the Ameri-
can Jew to realize this because of
the whiteness of his skin. The
Blacks are becoming aware of
their identity and heritage; the
Jew must not lose his.

The first Seder of Passover will
be next Monday night. to some
Jews, it means being home with
their families for a fancy dinner
and some Hebrew words spoken.
To me the Seder nights are also a
time to be with my family, but it
means much more than that.
Every part of that dinner sym-
bolizes a part of my heritage.
Those Hebrew words are not sf-
inply some Hebrew words. if the
English translation on the op-
posite page was looked at, you
would see that the Passover story
commemorates the struggle of it
people, our people, in their quest
for an identity, not assimilation.
Despite the fact that they were
slaves and faced many hardships,
and temptations iilong the way',

they made it to the Land of Israel,
where they flourished and found
their identity.

What better place to remember
this story than at home with our
families, a bond that is extremely
important in the Jewish religion.
it seems however, that many stuv
dents who would like to be home
for the Seder will not be able to.
President Kuiisisto has refused to
close the University. Passover
without fear of missing important
classes.

Other Universities in the State
UniVersity system will be closed.
Why not ours? A referendum is
being held polling student senti-
ment on a boycott of classes on
Monday, Tuesday, and Wednes-
day. The vote itself is almost
meaningless, but the boycott isn't.

I hope that between now and
next week, you seriously think
about the boycott, but more im
portant, think about your Jewish
heritage. May you and your fami»
lies have it liiippy Passover. Sllli'
lom.

by Steve Shaw

 

visitations

Paul Abe-

 

 

'I'he organized groups on this campus which are pro-violence or
admit that they will resort to violence are too “heavy” to support
their own weight. Their ideas about our corrupt, archaic, uninformed
society do approach truth. But this type of organization of which
NLOC may be an example, is alienating itself from its brothers and
sisters by its mean not by its utoplan dream which can be fulfilled.

it is the same people who say leave Vietnam and close down bars
(the birthplace and nurture place of American violence), that say kill
our neighbor. This appears to be dissonant. No revolution which be-
gins with destruction of capitalism (the incentive for most dope dis-
tribution) and all the other “plastics” can successfully be completed
without death to humans, expecially those humans unwilling to alter
pre-existing cognitions. The death of one person caused- by someone
other than that person himself is not worth universal euphoria.

I want to claim, and hope, that any committee promoting violence
will not find extended support on this campus - a campus of non.
violent brothers and sisters. (proved at Kuntsler’s speech we clapped
loudly for peace in Vietnam and.feeb|i.hiy for thdviolenrzeat Santa
Barbara). It is not that we are apathetic to these campus organizat-
ion’s cause but that we thrive on mental catharsis. Violence to an end
is more difficult to orient, much faster in results, but much less ef-
ﬁcient that non-violent methodology.

The truest form of change for the good must occur in the human
heart. the only way that happens is through love...therefore change

 

your enemy by loving him.

 

 

Bob 11%

 

 

ALLARD K.

 

LOWENSTEIN

Representative

Will Speak Here Wadiesday

Watch pillars for details

 

 

 

For three consecutive years Albany State has presented jazz festi-
vals that have gained state-wideuttenticn. This year, largely through
the efforts of Gary Lichenstein i, there will be no such concerts.

Liechenstein, ironically chairman of the jazz festival committee,
was given $15,000 for a jazz festival and has decided to use it for a
combination rock and jazz. (It should be noted that originally there
was to be no jazz. A very odd jazz festival indeed!) This was done
with the permission of the Special Events Board.His reasons are ques-
tionable at best.

He likes to compare this effort to the recent New Port Jazz Festival
producer! by George Wein. This festival made a lot of money, but
artistically speaking much less has been said Down Beat editor, Dan
Morgenstern, called it, “a resounding failure," jazz critic, lra Gitler,
named it “New Port Jive Festival," and even George Wein agreed that
“...thc experiment was a failure.”

But enough of dire predictions. I feel that thrI planned festival will
be successful, but there are other things to be considered. Lichen-
stein often complains that first of all the festival doesn't pack the gym
and secondly that only half the audience are students.

is it not true that many events provided by student funds do not
draw the 2,500 or more students that the jazz festival did? The
2,500non-students should be considered at least a minor asset, and
certainly not a detriment. After all they do pay a good deal more for
concerts, thus subsidizing students.

Those who support the elimination of a jazz festival argue that
there 'should be all forms of music represented together, thus educat-
ing students- a fine idea if it wasn't phony. Where, for example, was
the concern for education during Greek Week where nearly $20,000
was spent for rock groups? And what about the earlier totally rock
concerts of last semester?

it is interesting that while white students pretend to be morally
outraged at the lack of Black Studies on a University those same
students refuse to support the very important aspect of Afro-Ameri-
can culture -juzz- when their own resourses are involved.

it is disappointing that while other Universities are moving forward
in the recognition of Black musical culture Albany State takes a giant
step backwards. I hope that anyone who feels as l do will write to me
in care of this paper. Things can be changed!

asp statt

The Albany Student Press is published twice a week by the
Student Association of the State University of New York at
Albany. The ASP editorial ofﬁce is located in room 334 of the
Campus ('critcr building. This newspaper was founded by the
Class of Witt and is funded by student lax. ASP phones are
457-2190 and 457-2194. if no answer, messages may be left at
457-3430.

 

 

Editors-in-Ciiicl
Gary Cell and Anita 'I‘hayer
. . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . .Pat O'Hara
. . . . ,..  NoncyDurisii
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . , . . . . .CarolHuglics
Assistant News Editors '

Managing Editor
News Editors

. . . . . . . . . . . . . Vicki Zeldiri

. . . . . . . . . . . Linda Waters

. . . . . . . . . . . Robert Farriilan!

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . Dave Fink

. . . . . . . . . . . . 'I‘om Clingan

. . . . . . . . . LindaSlaszak

. . . . . . . . . . Barry Kirschncr

. . . . . . . . . . . .ArulyrinAbarc
. . . . . .Cliuck Ribak

. Siiarori Pliili‘paon

. . . . . , .Glorin Hollislcr

. . . . . . . . . . JeffRodgcrs

. . Phil Fraiiciii'ni'
. Marty Benjmnin

Arts Editor . . . . .
Sports Editors

'l'r'vliliir'al Editors .

(.‘ity Editor .
Wire Services Editor
Business [Manager
('irculalioli Manager
Production Manager
Advertising Manager
National Ad Manager . . .
Photography Editor . . . , . . . . .

All communications should be addressed to the editors and must in
signed. Names will be witheid on request. Letters are limited to 300
words and are subject to editing. Editorial policy of the Albany Student
Press is determined by the Editon-in-chlei.

 

 

 

 

