 

 

 

PAGE 12

 

soar, NOVEMBER 3, 1970
ALBANY STUDENT mass TUE

    

it an

The Death of Patroon Creek

by Barry Oblas

Barry Oblas was a member of a sub-group o/PYE
(Protect Your Environment) which was specifically
concerned with water pollution. He is presently an
instructor in [he EOP department

Late last winter with snow still on the ground, a small group of
students from SUNYA began an environmental investigation of the
Patroon Creek. The creek originates at the Six Mile Resevoir and then
runs through the heartland of Albany, eventually emptying its water
into the Hudson River just south of the Mcnands Bridge.

According to various sources, the Patroon Creek was once clean. its
waters were crystal clear, safe for drinking and swimming. in addition,
the fishing in the creek was excellent with an abundance of large
Creek Chubs.

S 0 much for history. Our small group begun to monitor the stream
We focused our attention on the area of the creek which runs
alongside the arterial and then goes under Everett Road. Not
coincidentally this is the site of the Tobin Packing Company. We
picked this site since data from the New York State Health
Department showed that Tobin's is the second worst industrial
polluter in the Albany area.

One ecologist from the Biology department at SUNYA told us we
were wasting our time since any data we obtained by monitoring was
already in the hands of the Health Department. He suggested that we
go to the Health Department for our data. However, we decided that
we were not going to be co-opted by bureaucratic methods already
known for their inefficiency.

Our immediate reaction upon reaching the site was visceral; spewing
out of visceral; spewing out of the Tobin waste outlet and directly
entering the Patroon Creek came large chunks of fat, pieces of
intestines and a disembowling smell. On certain days we noticed a
blue or green dye which would cover up the bloody emissions. Our
monitoring consisted of taking samples abch and below and iii the
sewer outlet. Here are some of our results:

1. One hundred yards upstream from the pipe, the water tempera:-
ture was a normal 43 F degrees. When the effluent came in, the
temperature rose to 72 F degrees. This is an example of thermal
pollution. Living organisms, especially aquatic ones, are cold blooded
and ii rapid temperature change ciin either kill the organism outright
or upset their reproductive habits.

2. Thu dlésoiVCd oxygen was less that ‘2 part: pEr million (ppm). The
13W Sink";- that a creek such as the Patroon even if it is used for
industrial purposes luive a D0. of at least ll ppm. On a few of our
samples we recorded a D0. of 0 ppm.

3. The phosphate concentration was greater than ll ppm. This is
dangerous to all living organisms.

vl. Rats both dead and alive (and well fed) were observed in the
vicinity of the Tobin outlet, Recent studies at Hudson Valley
Community College on water taken near the ’l‘obm outlet has show
that a strain of bacteria responsible for Typhoid is present. Prclimi-
nary tests'by students at i-iVCC have indicated the presence of a
bacterial strain that may cause typhoid fever. Further tests mustbc
run by the Health Dept. or an independent laboratory to confirm
these results. if this bacterial strain is present, there is always the
danger of the disease being spread by the rats. Furthermore, the crock
empties into the Hudson. Some communities take their drinking water
directly from the Hudson, thus, the possibility ofii typhoid epidemic
is a clear iind present danger.

Being an "action" group we called for picketing and an economic
boycott of Tobin's. Led by Joe Slack, Ed Shaw‘(l can still rcmc‘mbor
Ed sticking ii bottle of 'i'obins water in Mayor Lorning 3 face) (,huck
Hood, and Kris i'lculy, we paraded in front of'i‘obin's with signs such
as ’l‘OBlNS is A i’lG NATION. Friendly Workers laughed along with
us while others gave us the finger and called us long-haired Commics.
'i‘he pickuting was covered by the i()Clll media. Later that evening
TV 10 came up to our lab at school. We presented our evidence
including ii demonstration of what would happen if ii fishwuru placed

in a sample of Tobin's water. The poor goldfish keelcd over in about
three minutes, but we promptly pulled it out and put it back in clean
water. (Being devoted to life, we would not let the fish die, not even
for the spectacular result on TV.) Tobin's was given a chance to
answer our charges on the some news broadcast. Their bead chemist
seemed quite embarrassed when he could not dispute our charges.

We thought we were finally getting some results. The adverse
publicity was starting to iidd up. But then came Cambodia, Kent State
and Jackson State. Tobins had won a temporary reprieve.

A few weeks later Chuck Hood and I were invited to New York City
by the State Attorney General's Office in order to give them our data.
We thought perhaps at last there was going to be some action.
However, after briefing them, they told us that We should start a
priVate suit against Tobin‘s (A suit has recently been filed against
Tobin by Peter Van Schaick, an Albany State student). The
representative for the Attorney General went on to tell us that the
Health Department has issued ii directive to Tobin's saying they could
continue to discharge their wastes into the Patroon Creek until 1972.
At that time the Albany intercept Sewer System is supposed to be
completed-Tobin's would be effectively regulated. However i seriously
doubt if this intercept system will be finished on time. A little
detective work by members of PYE has revealed that bids hiivc not
even been made on the Patroon Creek intercept System. Even if there
were aslight possibility of the system being completed on time,what
about the 670,000 gallons of waste pumped into the creek every day?
What about the threat of typhoid '.’ Whiit about the rats and the
horrible odors? What about the destruction of the environment? What
about the poor people who must live near Tobin’s? Well what about
itl'.’

Tobin‘s is violating the New York State Water Quality and Purity
Act on at least four counts. Yet the Attorney General's Office has
admitted to us they are afriiid to prosecute Tobin's for fear of
embarrassing another state agency-the Health Department. WOW!

Patroon Creek is dead and Tobin's is the chief executioner-despite
this they are protected by the very agencies that are supposed to
protect the public. Where the bell is law and order now, or does that
cry for justice only apply to Blacks, Mexicans, indians, Pucrto Ricans,
and dissident yonth'.’ This summer, Mayor Corning cited Tobin's for
pollution abatement. On July 29, 1971) in tlic Albany Times Union he
said “that the company had (lone everything that could be done to
control pollution from its plant into Patroon Creek and [bill the
company hiid made it material contribution to the Hudson River".
Yeah, the company is oinking in the face of the people, Mayor. and so

are you.

 

 


5.
;_

 

PRICE FIVE CENTS OFF CAMPUS

Albany

Vol.lVll No.33

Harpur
Freeze?

by Maida Oringher

The scene iit SUNY at
Binghamton could have been
Albany ii few weeks ago. Three
Harpur students have issued a suit
charging that the $2,200 appropri-
ation to the anti-war Student
Mobilization Committee last
spring had been used “to foster
political activity beyond the con-
fines of the SUNY Binghamton
campus," The students, Michael
Stever, Richard Click and Barry
Kriegel, state they are acting as
“individuals.” Their legal fees,
however, are being funded by the
national conservative group—
Young Americans for Freedom.

On Friday, October 30, the
court granted a show-cause order
against Hurpur Acting President S.
Stewart Gordon, the United Stu-
dent Government President J.
O'Rourke, and F‘SA President
Demske which must be answered
by NOvember '20.

Lust your President Gordon hiid
approved a $2,200 appropriation
requested by theSMC in order to
“incrcasiI dialogue with the com-
munity." The purpose of the
recent suit is to test the Trustees
guidelines in compliance with the
Albany case. University funds can-
not be used for political activities,
but only for "educational" pur-
poses. The SMC asserts that it
does not endorse political candi‘
dates, and therefore, is not a
political organization.

Last week in accordance with
the guidelines, President Gordon
vetoed 2 student-government
appropriations totaling $250.
These funds would directly or
indirectly have gone to the Angela
Davis defense fund.

The mandatory tax fee at
Harpur is $30. The majority of
the students willingly pay the fee
and are in opposition to the
recent suit.

Contents copyright 1970.

State University of Neo York at Albany

 

Nelson A. Rockefeller (top left) defeated Arthur Goldberg in the
gubernatorial race to win a fourth consecutive term.

Louis Lefkowitz (bottom left) overcame a tough attack by
Democrat Adam Walinsky to be reelected Atlorney General.

in a local race, Sam Stratton (top right) overwhelmed Dan Button
for a seat in the House of Representatives.

James Buckley (bottom right), Conservative, third party candidate,
narrowly defeated Democrat Richard Ottinger and incumbent Charles
Goodcli for a six—year US. Senate term.

Pulitzer Prize Winner

 

Dubos Sp

by Anita Thayer

“The limitations in the pro»
ducation and consumption of
energy" is the paramount problem
we face today according to Rene
Dubos, microbiologist and philo-
sopher. Dubos spoke here Tucs-
ilay as the guest of the Environ-
mental Forum.

Dubos predicted the establish
incni of a new “dynamic steady-
sliitc economy“ within the next
:20 ycars which would liinll
quaiiiitiilivc production and coin
sumpiion Willll' still having llll'
polcnlialily l'or qualilnlivc
change.

This is the si-conil lime in iwu
\Vi-i-lis llinl an i-coliigisl speaking
.il SilNYA has called for drastic
change.» Ill our I‘I‘lillulnlt‘ slrui-
luri- llii lh'l ll, Kenncih Wall in
.i (lcl'iinlrly more pessimistic pri-
si-iilalion predicted an economic
collapsc wiihio :lii months he
causi- iil' ilic olisoIi-lciicss of [hi-
prcscnl t‘l‘tilllinllt' structure.
"'i‘ri-nd is not ilcsliny.” Sci-
narios for thc l‘iiliirc usually poi'
[ray “human life ronipli-lely i-n-
slaVed by technology," according
to Duiios. This is a view of tin-
I'iilurc solely as an extc sion and
extrapolation of lhc present. But,
according loDuiJos, this vision ol'
the future includes a serious l‘lll'
illl'y. The world does not liith' the
natural resources to support a

 

Lied 5'33“: ML” "or w s

 

continuing quantitative growth. it
is physically impossible for us to
continue growing in the present
manner.

The production of energy is the
most crucial aspect of this prob-
lem. "You cannot produce energy
by any means without producing
heat...and the introduction of
heat into the environment always
alters the quality of life.“

Dubos was especially (‘riilL‘lll of
the American technological slruc-
[are which ll(' l’i-cls “must be
ri-slrncturi-il so that it can lictlcr
work for human iii-oils." in thc
pasl "technology has produced
lhings lhal Wi' liavv usi-d whctbcr
lhcy have helped us or iiol, liki-
llii-automobile."

The population problem,
iii-cording in Dubos, is not as
crucial as llic i-ni-rgy problem.
“Man has always wanch to be
croWilL-il..lyiiin has selected himself
to lIVl' in crowded si-tlloinenls.“
American cities are much less
crowded than cilies anywhere in
lhc world. New York (5in is much
lcss crowded than were Neolithic
settlcmcnls or Mldevnl towns.

Dubos believes [hat “the meld
tocturc iil' ciiiis should reflect the
possibilities of peoples‘ potentiali-
tics..Monotony is an anti-physio
logical condition, as well as being
boring...'l‘he maintenance of men
tul stability depends on ll snl“

eaks on Ecology

l'icicnt variety ofsensory stimuli."

“Disposable cubicles for dispen-
sable people" are products of ef-
ficiency, of an economy centered
on production of goods. Dubos
hopes that the emphasis on ef-
ficiency will shift to an emphasis
on diversity which is more
peopleccnlcrcd.

Dubos sees a revolution in life
styles which has already begun as
the social vehicle which will make
possible llic transition from our
current economic struclure to ii
new one.

Al'lcr his formal presentation
Dubos answered questions, and
gave ciicouragi-monl lo students
and faculty at ii reception in llic
ai'l gallery.

’l'liroughoul his life Dubos: has
been inli-nscly conccrncil with the
efforts that i-nvironmcnlal
I'orci-s physiochemiciil, biologi-
cal, and socialwtxcl‘i on human
life. He has been involvod in the
socio-mcdicnl problems of under-
privileged communities where he
has concentrated on [be early
environmental factors that influ-
ence the developing organism
(hiring the prenatal iind early post-
natal period.

Recently Dubos has developed a
number of experimental' thil’lB
that enable him to study environ-
mental influences on animals in
the laboratory.

 

Students

by Terry Wolf

l

Jean Dixon and Anne Catanese,
two students iit Albany State,
along with eight other students
from the area, were victorious in
their effort to vote last Tuesday
after being denied this right under
an 1874 law.

All the students involved have
lived in apartments in Albany for
over a year. Earlier this fall they
registered to vote in their respec-
tive districts. They were given
permission to register iilthough a
challenge was made, they were
told, as a mere formality. One
week later a policeman checking
into the case told the students
their vote wouldn't count on a
legal technicality.

Tom Maxwell, Republican fifth
ward president, told election in-
spectors to fight the Democratic
dominated election board's deci-
sion. Maxwell wants change in the
New York State lin and statute
which states that "classes of
people will not be deemed to gain
or loose residence by virtue of
their presence or absence in semi-
naries of learning."

Jenn, Anne, and the others re-
ceived a letter from the Board of
Elections asking them to appear at
a bearing on October 31 to show
cause why they should vote in
Albany. The ten students involved
felt they met all the prerequisites
for voting in Albany County: they
are over 21, they are United
States citizens, independent from
their parents, they have jobs, they
have savings and checking ac-
counts in Albany, and they intend
to remain in the areii for an
indefinite amount of time.

When they recdved notice Mon-
day, the day before the election,
that their registration was can-
celled, it was already too late to
register elsewhere or vote through
iin absentee ballot. The letters,
they noticed, werepostmarked be-
fore the date of the interview.

For Voting

  

Famed microbiologist Rene Dubos makes ii point to a group of

Student Press

Friday. November 6. I970

Fight
Right

After meeting with their lawyer,
John Starrs, an affadavit and peti-
tion were presented on Tuesday
before the State Supreme Court,
the only authority to grant an
order allowing the students to
vote. More students were ex-
pected to be turned away at the
polls, some with and others with-
out notification.

Anne went in first to meet with
Judge Conway, a court reporter,
and John Clyne, the attorney for
the Albany County Democratic
legislature. Several hours later
Judge Conway delivered his State-
ment of Opinion in which be
granted the students the right to
vote on the grounds that the letter
was postmarked a day earlier than
the hearing, the letter gave no
reason for the denial, and the
absence of signatures on certain
records.

’l‘om Maxwell has objected to
the policy of the Board of Elec-
tions. The law, applied across the
state, is vague, and is generally
used against the young who find it
hard to establish their own resi-
dence. He further believes those
over 2] should be able to declare
where their home is. The decision
was disappointing to him because it
was made on lechnicalitiies, not
on the merits of the law. Max-
well’s immediate plans are to con-
tact the president of Student As-
sociation and possibly have a
meeting with interested students.
He wants to amend the present
law so that students can work
from within the system.

John Starrs, lawyer for the stu-
dents, believes the law puts an
unfair burden on students. He
feels that decisions on residence
can’t be made just because some-
one is a student. The issue may
discourage students from making
Albany their home. Older pre-
ci-dents are being relied onand
Starr feels it will be hard to pursue
the intricacies of the law. A deci-
sion may be prerted for under a
civil rights clause. There are, it is
felt by Starr and Maxwell, good
reasons to pursue the case further.

 

J.

students following his lecture to the Environmental Forum on

Tuesday.

 beujumin

 

! “A

 

 

