\i

   

_ ‘l \ '
g l I  l
lilllll‘lllllwk.

   
 

/'\

 

. ﬁzz/y 4., a r' "' .
. r -

Editorial

 

OUR
RESPONSIBILITY

Passing though the campus center several days ago
we happened upon a group of friends sipping coffee
and arguing earnestly about the ASP.

“That paper‘s become nothing but a political rag.“
said Ken. “Where's objectivity gone to anyway?
You pick tip the ASP and get eight pages ofeditorial
opinion!"

A short stocky girl named Linda adorned with
long black hair picked up: “Yes. yes that's right:
and have you seen those SPELLING errors. Why
Mr.... my English teacher uses it in class to show
what you SHOULDN'f do when writing!"

Another girl, Marsha. bit down a little less hard:
“Alright. the paper has its flaws. but let's riot go
overboard. l rncan.'we could ltave the opposite
extreme you know. Would if the ASP started
sounding like the Times Union or the Daily News.
Those papers are pure Establishment. Do you call
THEM objective?“

The answer to Marslia's question is ofcorrrse NO.
The Times Union and the Daily News are not
“objective.” and for that tuaticr neither is ilie New
York Titties. The myth of "objectivity" is dusted
off for another try whenever llicrc is disagreemeui
over what a newspaper should be saying. Wlial it
boils down to is this: lfyou agree with the paper it‘s
“objective.” if you don’t it's “biased.”

Ken and Linda should concentrate ilteir criticism
in the areas exemplified by Marslia‘s comment on
spelling and writing. for here a charge of ineptitude
would easily stick. No paper should try justifying
misspelling and poor writing, whether ii he the ASI’
or the New York Times. Incompetence in these two
areas reﬂects directly on the paper's regard for its
audience. and a reader finding a paper llawed this
way is quite right in yelling “bias.” After all. a
paper's first concern is communication.

The question of “objectivity” needs elaboration
however. When Ken calls the ASP a “political rag"
he is using a term applicable to all neWspapers. Take
the Daily New; how should we define its political
slant? Liberal? Left? Extreme Left? Anyone reading
the News regularly knows it's none of these. Wluil
about The New York Times? «Right? Iixtrenie
Right? Conservative? Maybe conservative. birt cer-
tainly not the other two.

What is an "objective" paper then? The answer is
obvious: the term "objectivity" cannot be adequate-
ly deﬁned or achieved, and in fact becomes a
pernicious rationale for excluding insightful analysis
which might compromise vested interests. Publish-
ers. administrators, parent corporations and the like
are all for digging as long as it's not on their turf.

.\

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

    

  
  
  
 
 

1 DuNNO; SOMEW
'1 91931150 MOREFRDM

(a;

      

. \‘F/m

1’ //ll

   
   

Comment,

Forbidden Turf. that is the real rationale behind the
"objectivity" argument.

Least we should seem to lotter on the prccrpieeof
uirresponsibility" we should straightaway define our
ubias": I) The ASP believes in Advocacy journ-
alism. A newspaper can be seen as an instrument
either of social change or stagnation. lfits function
is the public interest then it must trod on the
Forbidden Turf. This is not the green light for
incompetence, but for the kind ofjournalism devot-
cd to the public interest (in our casetlie caniptts
community). 2) A conscientious attempt to improve
the writing quality of our paper. A poorly written
story is a poorly written story. There is no rationale
for incompetence at the expense of the reader and it
is the job of a newspaper to insure that ideas are
coherent. facts are aeetiratc. and analysis is mean-
iiigful.

These are our goals. We do not expect a presto
chaugo with the lirst issue. btil at least we know
where our responsibilities lie.

Pollution

l’ollutiorr of die environment is, according to
the mass media. the “problem of the ‘70s“
Overnight we have become a rialion of conserv
valioitisls. aitd we no longer look so casually ill the
sriiog-rnuddled sky or a murky river.

AI SliNYA. .is on oilicr campuses. concern over
oirr cniaronrncnt is apparent. A random glance
across the Snack Ilar oit a busy afternoon will find

. s. At tables. several discussions are
usually under way about ilre latest Mart and Ilis
[Environment leclurc.

These people's hearts are iii the riglii place.
Without pi/.a/././. or fanfare they are trying to
redeem our history of neglect and waste. Too bad
ilieit that their president sees lit to do less. last
Week it was revealed that Mr. Nixon‘s promise of
tilt) billion for pollution "because the environment
must conic first." is no commitment at all. His l‘l7l
budget. submitted to (‘origress on February 3, has
indicated spending of only $40 million in its first
year. I‘iirtltctmore. although his request calls for
spending $10 billion over the next five years. (i
billion of it will be paid by the state and city
governments. This leaves only a 4 billion lab for the
federal govermneiit. Worse yet. disbursement of this
$4 billion will take nine years. since payments on
any given project would be spread out over five
years.

Pollution is the problem. politics is the gariie. and
Mr. Nixon seems adept at fitting the first to the
second.

    
 
  
   

r I‘ _ j, 'v' IL
 ﬂ Collap- Pvus Scull

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 10, I970

Common Sense

by Perry Silvemian

During this past intersesaion per-
iod, dormitory rooms were. in the
words of housing staff members,
“inspected” for property damage
and possession of appliances and
dormitory furniture in violation
of University regulations. It is the
inspection of room closets which
raises the question of whether
permissible inspection or illegal
search has taken place.

While on-eampus student resi-
dents were vacationing. housing
personnel, in teams of two or
more. were opening and visually
inspecting closets and their con-
tents--supposedly without disturb-
ing personal belongings inside.

K The inspection of closets arises
2 from the interpretation of the
2 University Legal Counsel that clo-

sets comprise a part of the dormi-
tory room which. according to the
residence contract, the Housing
Office reserves the right to inspect
for the reasons mentioned above.
However. important questions
pose themselves when considering
this act of closet inspection.

In a conversation with Deati
Knitpton. a member of the
Housing Office staff, he commen-
ted that desk and dresser drawers
were not “inspected” since they
Would almost certainly contain
personal possessions. By this do-
ﬁnition of what is protected from
inspection. why were the closets
opened? They also contain per-
sonnl possessions. If you wish to
adhere strictly to the judgment of

the University Legal Counsel, then
why weren't the desks and dres-
sers opened for internal inspection
as well? These are also standard
accessories of each dormitory
room for which the resident is
held responsible in case of
damage.

With these questions in mind.
consider the response of Norma J.
Edsall, Director of Residences. to
another serious question raised by
the inspection of closets. When
asked if the discovery of obvious-
ly unlawful items during the i-
nspection of a closet could result
to the drawing of a search warrant
and the seizure of such items, Miss
Edsall answered affirmatively.

A serious issue is now revealed
when aspects of closet inspection
are questioned-that of illegal
search. After considering this act
of closet inspection in terms of
the questions raised and the evi-
dence cited, it appears that little
separates permissible inspection
from illegal search when a closed
area containing personal articles is
opened for the purpose of iii-
spection.

Whether or not such an iA
nspcction is legal can orin bc
determined through it test case in
a court of law. Until that time
when legal precedent is es-
tnblished, only speculation can
take place as to which principle
applies-~the constitutional rights
of the individual or the property
rigth of the University.

oisiiotions: warm

Most people will agree that the
situation in Biafra is deplorable.
Unfortunately, most people's in-
volvement ends there. They look
gravely at the pictures of children
with bloated bellies. and they
remark how terrible it is. how
very terrible. This is as far as their
"action" goes. After all. what can
one person do anyway?

A few people are taking action
however. One of them is Jason
Roth. a sophomore at SUNYA.‘

It all began a few weeks ago,
when Jason received an urgent
letter from his Biafran pen-pal,
Christian Okclcdo. requesting
food, medicine. and clothes. He
described the situation as being
desperate. “Lives perish." he
wrote, “and hunger has a great
part iii this war. Myself. I am
seriously affected now because of
hunger and nakedness."

Although some relief has been
sent into the country. distribution
has been inefficient and Christ-
ian‘s village has not received the
aid it needs. Christian siiid ‘ic war
living with about fifteen others,
some of them refugees, and that
they were all iii bad straits.

by Jason Roth

Jason immediately responded
by organizing a crunpaign to raise
money. The immediate objective
Wits to get food to Christian, who
Jason felt would share it with as
many people as he could.

With the collapse of Biafra.
however. the situation has
changed. The country has been
thrown into more chaos than be-
fore. and since Jason has not
heard from Christian since that
initial letter. he has no way of
knowing whether or not he is
alive. But even if it proves impos-
sible to get supplies to Christian
and his village. there are many
others who are just as much in
need. and Jason intends to help its
many of them as possible.

The response so far has been
overwhelming. A group of stit-
dents is helping to secure (Irma-
iions and to coordinate activities.
Offers of monetary aid and of
supplies linve poured in through
the mail. Allan A. Kuusislo. acting
president ut SUNYA. liiis plctlgctl
his support. Nume'otis religious
groups have joined the crusade,

 

News Editor
Associate News Editors

[Managing Editor
Arts Edilor
Sports It'dilrmr

’l‘cchnicul Editors

Features Editor
(.‘ily Edilor
lliiiiinciia Manager
Aducrlisiny Manager
Photography Editor

 

"the Albany Student Press is published two
times a week by the Student Association of the
State University of New York at Albany. The ASP
editorial office is located in Room 334 of the
Campus Center. This newspaper is funded by SA.
tax. The ASP was founded by the class of 10th
The ASP phones are 46721902194. '
lt‘dilor-i'n-Chicl'
[Iill lilo/trio

Editorial policy of the Albany
torminod by. the Editor-ln-Chlel.

srAri'F

Attila ’l'hriycr
Carol Iltighca
Nancy IJurish
Pill O'Hcrn

Gary Gel!

Dune Fink
Robert Frunilunl
'l'om (Ilingnn
Linda Sinazah
Lucius llrirre
Itarry Kirachner
Clinch ltilnih
Jc/I Rodgers
Murly Benjamin
Student Press is do»

 

 

 

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY IO. 1970

A Rebuttal

To the editor:

I would like to answer Mr. Richard
Rini's remarks to myself in the December
16 ASP. First of all Mr. Rini shouldn’t
refer to anyone as being stupid unless he
can spell their name right. it‘s NEIDL not
NAIDL (to imply that people in class
houses shouldn’t throw stories). I could. in
this letter, shoot holes in Mr. Rini‘s
argument or worse I could degrade myself
to personal insult as he did. I wouldn't do
this since the school wouldn’t benefit and
it would turn into a personal argument
whcih wouldn't be newsworthy. Mr. Kim
has been a fine manager and should be
commended for it. I admire his team
loyalty.

My gripe is that Albany State is a
university playing in a college division.
Besides this many of the teams we play do
offer scholarships. I know for a fact Siena
does and you can’t tell me that Hurtwick
doesn’t. There seems to be some mys-
terious law that forbids state schools from
offering athletic scholarships. Doesn‘t this
rule apply to the University of Buffalo
which plays university division ball? Be-
sides. if such a law does exist. we the
students, should fight to have it changed.
We are trying to model otir university
system after the one in California so why
shouldn't we copy all their good points.
Are We always going to treat inter-
collegiate sports as a poor relative?

I would like to rectify the impression
my last letter to the ASP (Dec. 12) left.
Maybe it sounded bitter but what else
could you expect after seeing my team
lost to a team like Plattsburg. I wasn't
trying to make fun of our team. In fact.
I'm an avid State basketball fun. If fans at
the games listen closely they can hear me
cheering loudly above the crowd. I was
really proud of the way we played our
next two games (against Marist and Hart-
wick).

I'm tired of hearing friends from Siena
and other schools telling me we have a
chump schedule. Let’s face it. we're bigger
than many big universities (Notre Dame
and Southern Cal included) and should
have a sports program to go along with it.
Our school gives out so many scholarships
(200. 500. 1000 or whatever it is) so why
can't we give out five or ten more for
basketball?

By the time this letter is published I will
no longer be an Albany State student since
I graduate in January. I felt I had to write
this for the good of the school and to start
people thinking. The response from Mr.
Kim shows that my letter has awoken
some people. though in his case the
response was negative rather than progres-
sive. It‘s time we got things moving in the
right direction. We've been promised a
football team for three years now, as one
example, but nothing has come of it. Asa
filial farewell to my school I hope I have
stirred the students and authorities enough
to gel. action started to bring sports up to
the level of the rest of the school. Thank
you.

Raymond Ncidl

McNally

To the Editor:

I would like to take this opportunity to
speak out concerning Professor J.II. Mo
Ntllly. visiting professor to the I{.P.A.
Department. I am a student in one of his
Public Speaking courses and. since his

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Communications

ability as an able instructor has been
questioned, I feel I must speak out in his
defense.

Professor McNally is an able. very ca-
pable. interesting instructor. He treats the
students in his class realistically and as
competent individuals. He encourages
them to seek extra help and willingly gives
it to them. He evaluates the students
individually and fairly. And, because of all
this has the respect and support of this
student. In my opinion he is among the
few worthwhile instructors I‘ve encount-
ered at. this University.

I see no reason why the possibility of his
becoming a candidate for the chairman-
ship of the RPA Department should in
anyway affect consideration of his gaining
an Associate Professorship at this Univer—
sity. I personally would recommend him
very highly for the Associate Professorship
and would be very disappointed if the
University lost out in this respect.

Sincerely.
Ken Stokcm

Disenr‘hnn too!

To the Editor:

I must have been a fool. I trusted iii
education as the hope for the future. I
looked at a World growing impersonal,
mediocre and frenzied and believed that
educated men could learn to control it.
that knowledge could bring the under
standing and courage necessary to re-
-humanize this steel and plastic atrocity of
a planet upon which we are obliged to live.
With a child's credulity I continued to
have faith in the human intellect believing
that the unnatural and vicious character of
this World was a temporary and curable
illness whose contagion was dependant on
human ignorance.

Then, foolish and credulous. I arrived at
this university, my luggage filled with
hopes and anticipation. Six months at this
institution were sufficient to destroy my
illusions. Instead of discovering the cure I
had sought, I found in this academic
environment. this “community of
scholars." an open sore in which festered
all the pestilence which afflicts the rest of
the World.

In the cafeteria, the dorms, the halls. the
buses, I discovered the entire range of
human deprivation disguised in the cos-
tume of sophistication. What. is the cruelty
of the world but a magnification of the
suffering that we inflict upon one another
in our conversations? Whiit is the material-
ism of the world if not a reflection of that
superficiality and concern for trivia which
characterizes our cVerydny intercourse?
And what is the misunderstanding of the
world if not an outgrowth of that refusal
to listen of which we are all so guilty? In
our conversations we increr serve on
another in the capacity of empty caves
against wliosc walls we may bounce
meaningless t'liclrrric to create echo
chambers in which each min glory at. the
sound of his own voice.

One of our favorite games is criticizing
the stcrcrotypi-(l. meaningless anti some-
times auimalistic quality of life which our
society inflicts ttpon itself. But then, how
do We live? Each quad has the capacity for
becoming an experiment in humane and
brotherly living. and instead they are the
barren and pitiful liabitntions of course
and cliquish individuals concerned only
about themselves, Where is the sincerity,
the unity. the creativity and the mutual
respect. whore absence we so violently

criticize in the communities in which our
parents live? How can we possibly hope to
change society if we have succeeded in
creating a mirrored image of that society
on our own campus? When the valiant
rhetoric is ended, in the interval between
emotional campaigns, at that time when
we meet life as it is. without the illusions
of romanticism which seem to engender
momentary heroism. what is the quality of
our lives?

It seems that education is not the pana-
cea I had anticipated. It seems that this
educated generation is not going to be the
reformer it thought it would be and that
those courageous dreams for a future of
humane and meaningful living will always
remain dreams for the future. The cancer
that is consuming the world mlust be iii-
curable, and the discase’s cause is not our
ignorance but us.

Coleen Gragcn

Parking

To the Editor:

Because of the existing situation in the
parking lot, the following regtilations
should be added in order to provide a
more equitable and sensible and orderly
procedure.

1. Upon entering the lot. everyone will
drive around the lot three (3) times. (twice
forward. once iti reverse) while singing
ANCI-IORS AWEIGH and tooling their
horns in time with their singing.

2. Starting with the row at the west side.
all ears with plates ending with odd
numbers will park facing east in the even
numbered rows, and west in the odd
numbered rows. and even numbered li-
cense cars will do the opposite.

3. On alternate Wednesdays. the above
procedure will start at the west side and
continue as above.

4. During inclement weather. the above
procedure will be simplified as follows:
cars will circle only once and the driver
will burn any tune of his choice. Starting
at the north end of each row. cars will be
parked in cyclic ascending order of the
final digit in the license number. In cases
where the last number of the license. the
engine number, and the person's Social
Security number are all the some, windows
may be closed at the discretion of the
owner. otherwise. they must be closed.

5. Failure to comply with the above will
result in disciplinary action.

Robert. E. Dietrich

PAGE 7

Biafra

Note: This letter is a response to Jason
Roth‘s comments
Okeledo and the situation in Br’afra. Please
refer to W. page six of this issue.
-ed.

concemi Christian

Dear Friend. Jason Roth,

I am very happy to write you this my
amicable letter. How do you do today?
What of your parents? [have much hope
that you all are very sound in health
today. This is to inform you that I am still
living upon the heavy war which Nigeria
has imposed on our young country Biafra.
What of your studies? I hope you are
doing very Well as normal. Dear friend
Jason, I am doing evangelical work in the
Biafran Army and we pray and I also need
your ernest prayer for our country to be-
come quiet that lives would not be perish-
ing. Lives perish and hunger has a great
part in this war. Myself, I am seriously
affected now because of hunger and na-
Redness. I shall be very grateful if you
would help us in this matter of hunger. If
you can. send us some Wheat or corn-
meal-~or formula II or any type of carbo-
hydrate. If you also see any protein food
such as beans or tined beef or egg yoke. I
shall be pleased. I shall also like you to see
if you can buy us some olive oil for our
prayers-any size at all. either in the size or
bottle size. Again I need some salt which is
very scarce here now Soap and clothes if
they are available. Please do not call me a
beggar-for necessity has caused this letter
to come to you. Remember a friend in
need IS a friend indeed. Please do not
delay these articles for they are highly
needed now to keep the body and soul
existing. Please send it theough CARE-
TERS International or World Council of
Churches. through our local chief J.J.
Ogbulafor and the articles will reach me. I
have also written your parents to help you
in monetary provision. If you can assess
the money you spend on my behalf, after
the war I shall refund you in cash or kind
as you would like it. Do not say I am a
burden to you now because we hadn't
such initiative when we started our corre-
spondence but as occasion has demanded
it now, try as you could to help your
friend who is in war distress. Do not delay
"God will reward you

Your friend, Christian

 

 

A Morass  Alternatives

by Amanda Spake

 

 

Hill has a 3.9 grade point average. He's a sociology
major and constantly receives lctters commending

him on his rcscarch and work. lle'll graduate next
semester aftcr taking only two or three classes. llis

that disease of Too Much Cou-
sciousness.

icaclicrs think he‘s fantastic. He plans to get his
master's degree in a couple of semesters and then
get his doctorate and then Leach sociology and then
become head of the sociology department which he
is sure lie can do because everyone thinks he's a
genius. When he talks about itll of this. he doubles
over in peals of laughter. stoned on iicid us he
usually is.

In fact. I don't think there is a moment when Ilul
isn't stoned. He goes to class stoned. studies stoned.
writes papers stoned. When various “important” fac-
ulty members ask to see him to discuss his current
project or offer him a scholarship or commend his
research, he goes to see them

 

Feature Writers,

Reporters.

 

Workers Wanted
Workers Wanted
The Albany Student Press needs

and Technical People.
Cali 457—2i90 or 457—3430.

THE WORK IS REWARDINGI

 

stoned.

Ilal says he‘s “living out his
movie," a movie in which the
teachers. administrators, depart-
ment heads, dissertation com-
mittees all have a part — except.
of course. they don't know it. As
long as l'ltll sees this career seg-
ment of his life as a movie. he is
removed from it, removed from
making decisions. removed from
choosing an alternative in a situa-
tion where there are so very many
alternatives. Since the apparent
plot is for him to stay In college
and receive degrees. teach and
someday become a sociology de-
partment lieiid, I'lal is not forced
to go through the mental anguish
involved in making a decision
when a person is afflicted with

 

 

To Hal. the important things are
his relationships with his friends.
These require basically no de-
cisions because whatever the
friends are doing Hul will do. and
the spectrum of activities is limit-
ed by thc desires of his friends.
which were basically the same as
his to begin with and most cer‘
tainly became his as the group
grew closer together. When he
becomes head of the sociology
department. Hal intends to keep
acting in the movie as the school
directs. but to buy a ranch so thy
he and all his friends can lie
together on it.

For Hal. drugs are fun and
simply make the movie easier to
act in. It is easier to laugh on
drugs. to mock the system and
easier to never let himself take the
movie seriously. If he took it
seriously. he would have to make
decisions. and decisions are simply
too painful when you see such a
large number of alternatives.

u

The breakdown of belief
systems in modern American cul-
ture has been talked about so
much it is now accepted as a
truism. It is used to explain the
cause of mass alienation of mo-
dern society. But this breakdown

 

 

