 

q— ﬁ.y.I-.M.Ea4ﬁt

 (1.4a- .»

wt"

of: Lilia. an. Wyatt-1 M

_ .:<«.~.-rv

m.
“FDA.

 ...‘.—-_.-n~ .-k :k  .

. PAGE 12

 

POLLUTION:
Whose Problem?

 

 

 

by David Comarow
An ASP Column

PYE is guilty of being complacent in constantly pointing only to
Tobin and screaming: ‘PIGSI” IF YOU EVER WENT TO THE
TOILET ON STATE QUAD‘, COLONIAL QUAD‘ THE
ADMINISTRATION BUILDING‘ THE EARTH SCIENCE
BUILDING‘ OR THE FINE ARTS BUILDING, YOU FLUSHED
THE TOILET DIRECTLY INTO PATROON CREEKII Each of
those areas connect to a 3-inch sewer line that dumps untreated
human sewage into the once crystal clear Patroon Creek. Tobin is
not the only murderer of that creek, and for that matter, neither
is SUNYA. There are numerous other sewage lines (ironically
called “sanitary sewage lines") dumping into the same small body
of water. And what’s worse is that NO ONE KNOWS WHERE
MOST OF THESE SEWAGE PIPES ORIGINATE! It is blatantly
clar that numerous companies, shopping centers, communities,
and God knows what else, are keeping silent about their sewage in
the hopes no one will notice. They think We are so concercd with
Tobin, that we will never notice them.

To all of you who dump your sewage into our creek yoti are
hereby forewarned, we will find you and you will stop...one way
or the other.

SUNYA, a state government institution, is overtly polluting, and
hoping we won‘t notice. What do we do‘.’ Well, now that YOU
know, it is your reponsability to hit Governor Roekefeller's office
hard with letters and phone calls!!! And that means now
TODAY. Tell him that you DEMAND THAT SOMETHING BE
DONE TO END THE DISGUSTING POLLUTION OF PATROON
CREEK BY SUNYA!!!

The whole idea that we have been running around yelling and
screaming “TOBINS, TOBINS,“ when our own iiistituiioii pollu-
tes much more gets me sick! No we shouldn‘t leave Tobin alone;
just because SUNYA is doing a better job of murdering the creek
doesn’t mean that Tobin has gotten any better. They still pour
their animal guts, fat, and blood into the same stream. It just so
happens that right across from Tobin's out-fall are a few more
savage outlets. We don't know whose they are. But human sewage,
sometimes brown, sometimes green, flows constantly. Westgatc
Shopping (‘cnter is probably one, and ollier businesses in that area
are probably also guilty when we find out exactly whose sewage is
whose a lot oi‘people are going to be sorry that tiiey ever thought
they had the right to pollute.

Interested in helping? It will involve dumping tracing dyes into
toilets and maybe walking into some rat infested sewers. You
had the guts to march down town and surround the federal
building, think you can stomach some ical “licavy shit"?

Volunteer to put some environmental criminals up against the
wall. There will be a I’atrooii (‘rcek teach in this Thursday
November l‘) at 7:00PM and 9:00 PM in ('(‘370 Saturday will he
Community wide demonstrations.

 

ACADEMY AWARD
WINNER

BEST DIRECTOR—MIKE NICHOLS

JOSEPH E. LEVINE
PII‘INII

AMIKE NICHOLS
LAWRENCE row/in-

"couch

/TfIE
GRADUATE

measuriinrrtiiiisriu iiiirriiiiiii - urgiiiiiiir iiiiss
ALDJER WILLINGHAMMBIJDQK HENRY PAUL SIMON
siiibNaeARFUNKEL [KWRENCE TURMAN
Mlﬁijlgigt‘s memoir mamm-
TOWER EAST CINEMA in LG 111 lhti Lion llI Winter has liiiuii

Frl Br Sat, Nov. 20 Bi 21 at 7:30 lit 10 [)Uhlﬂlllllitl \llllll DBL. ll 19 ll

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT‘PRESS

An ASP Column

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1970

Israel’s Right To Live

by Bob Warner
News Editor

That the Jews, persecuted for so long out of
political expediency and human depravity, desire a
state of their own, a Jewish state, is morallyjust.
That there are those who would deny Israel's right
to exist is morally reprehensible.

Most Americans acknowledge this right of Israel.
Yet many Americans criticize, rightfully, some
aspects of Israel, such as the predominance in Israel
of the Orthodox Jews, who have pursued a policy of
religious strangulation of the Conservative, Reform,
and Atheistic Jews, as well as of the non-Jews. The
Jewish Orthodoxy in Israel must loosen its grip if its
people and its country are to grow to fulfill the
dream of a democratic socialist state. An Israeli
theocracy is most uncharacteristic of Jewish politi-
cal and social thought.

The problem of the Arab refugees is not as simple,
however. While Israel should probably have ac-
cepted the original Palestinians, it seems too late to
turn back now, for the rubidity of the Arab mind
has made any rcconcilation impossible. The hate
infused into the Arab masses, both refugee and
iionArefugee, is a just rationalization for Israel to
wash its hands clean of the situation. It must also be
noted that many Palestinians left Israel because they
were terrorized by Arab propaganda; they believed
that they would be unsafe in Israel, and that they
were obligated to join the battle against Zionism.
Furthermore, it isincredulous that some ignore the
fact that Arab leaders refused to absorb the refugees
into their respective countries; discontented re.
fugecs are, of course, more politically useful to Arab
leaders, more so than if they were content.

Unfortunately, the United Nations, probably
theionly hope for peace in the world, has of late
favored the Palestinian cause. It is indeed unfortu-
nate that the organization which gave life to Israel
now abets those who would only annihilate her.
Admittedly, Israel sometimes overreacts to Arab
raids, but, because Israel is surrounded by her
enemies, no matter how inept they may be, it is
reasonable to assume that the Israelis will be con-
stantly geared to instant retaliation. The Arabs are
certainly notorious for breaking cease-fire agree-
ments, and Israel is therefore only partially to blame
for the aggravation of Mideast tensions.

While such a pro-Israel postion is abhorred in most
leftist circles, and by a few liberals, the position is
nevertheless consistent with the principles of justice,
freedom, and democracy, which most leftests sub‘
scribe to. The New Left attacks Israel, not only out
of ani-semitism, but because American foreign
policy, which in most areas is extremely objection-
able, is pro-Israel. The leftists‘ syllogism isthatany
friend of America is just as imperialistie as the
United States; this argument is invalid for the
whole, although Spain, Greece, Nationalist China,
and South Vietnam are specific valid examples. The
few anti-Israel liberals feel that one must oppose aid
to both Israel and South Vietnam in order to be
morally consistent.

It must be made clear, though,that Israel is neither
fiiscistic, dictatorial, racist, nor despotic, as the
examples cited above are. Israel is a democratic
state, in need of reform, as all democracies are, and
is alsoia forerunner in economic socialism. Neither
Egypt, Syria, nor Jordan can boast so much. Yet the
purported friends of justice, freedom, and peace
would not, on|y brand Israel with the swastika and
the fasces, but would drive Israel into the sea.

 

 

BUDWE SER.

presents

OHN WAYNE

Plus an outstandirg
cast of stars in ..

“SWING OUT SWEET LAND"

Duke does his first
TV special for the
King of Beers...
and that i_s special!

Sunday,Nov.29
8:30-10 PM. EST

NBC-TV

(Chch tor loriil time and station)

Auiituttn-uusctunc -sl tuult

 

 

mots-wars cm-

.Wv-

 

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1970

Le Cercie Francals is holding re-
hearsals for Holiday Sing next
Tues., Nov. 17, at 7:30, Eastman
Tower Penthouse. Songs are in
French but knowledge at French is
not required. Male voices needed.

I n n n u - . i. . .

Telethon '71: All those interested
in auditioning, please pick up audi~
tion forms at Campus Center Infor-
mation Desk.

. c u . . - it I u

The tour oi the major facilities in
the Biology Building had been
scheduled for Thursday, Nov. 19 at
8:00 pm. All interested persons are
asked to meet in Bio. 248. Spon-
sored by Biology Club,

. . as n a i . . .

Today at 4 p.m. the Graduate
students Reception for Dr, Louis
T. Benezet will be held in the CC
Patroon Room, All Graduate Silt
dents are invited to meet the SUNY
president and other administration
officials. Punch Will be served.

lllpllilll

Degree Applications for June
1971 graduation will not be ticccp
ted after Friday, Feb, 5. Applicn
lions and Workshops may be picked
up at the Registrar's office,

bane-In-

iiiterviows tor Coiiiniuniiy Seivtcc
from December 7wDocuinbor ill
will be held between 12 and 2
Mon.'s thru Thurs.'s in ULB 35.

Delta Sigma Pi and School of
Business present the Young Presi-
dents Organization - Presidents of 5
local firms, a panel discussion on
students and their future with the
business worlrl. ALL MAJORS CC
Assembly Hall, Nov. 16, at 7130
our

. - . . . u . . . .

The Peace Project is sponsoring a
weekend of non-violent training on
Nov. l9»22. For more information,
call Maddy, 7-7720 or Barry,
78745.

I.........

The Economics Student Associa-
tion wtlt sponsor an address by
Professor Douglas Dowd, Professor
oi Economics at Cornell entitled
"Toward a Radical Perspective in
Econninus" on Wed, Nov. 18 at 2
pm, in LC 19. All students are
invited to attend.

. . . . . . . u . .

Got an opening for illl elective’
The Rhetoric and Ptihlit' Address
Dept is olioring a new course, RPA
IGU Parliamentary Piot'otltirti. it
Will touch you how to run, not min

.i llltft’lllltj.

.u........
Illl' l iiijlish l)(’l)l. ts sponsoring .i
[ltit’lly itziitiiiiq liy Miclitiol DUIIHIS
liitiwne Ill thLI HtlllluillllL'S Lounge,
Tllf'Sder afternoon, Nov. 17, at
/l ()0 nin.
..........
lhon- Will be .i Scuba Club met?
liiiti in the Campus Cmilor 375 iii 8
p,iii. on Wed, Nov. iii. A dive to
Boston Will he planned.

“at...”

 

“Phi Beta Lamb do"

3‘
V0 ' 9
D 0,) _ 5

(a,

. ., #4.,
presents 49,, r
I

CONTINUOUS SHOWINGS NIGHTLY
7 pm — 11 pm
November 16-20

Monday - November 16th

Laughing Gas-starring Charlie Chaplin
Hurry Hurry-starring WC. Fields
Night Owls-Laurel & Hardy
total running time: 45 minutes
Campus Center 315

Tuesday - November l7tli

Love Fangs-starring ('harlie (‘liapliii

The Fatal Glass of Beer-starring WC. Fields

l'lavc Badge, Will Chase-starring Ahhott & (‘ostcllo
total running time: 40 minutes
('iinipus Center Assembly Hall

Wednesday - November liltli
flie Ilailcm (llohetiottcis it'omcdyi

To licep or Not To Beep-Road Riiiiiici
l‘asy Street-stiii‘iiiig ('liailic ('liapliii

 

total running time: 40 minutes
Li'i'iiirr' ('i'iilt'r .‘i

Thursday v November l9tli
Men of War-starring l.iiiiiel Si. llilltl)
I‘m No Allgcl‘slillllllg Mae West
The I’liarniacist-staiiiiig W.('. Fit-Ids
total running time: 50 minutes
l.l't‘filrL’ Center If

Friday - November 20th
CIICiis Sllﬂkt‘lvslllillllg Wi' I‘lL‘ltlb

'I‘lic (ilL‘lll Mctioiiiciit-stiiiiiiig \l’ (' I'it'l\l\
'I‘lie liai lici Sliopvxlaiiiiig W (' l'iclils
total running time: 40 minutes
Campus Center .»lssi!iiilii_y llrill

sponsored by The Business Club

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

graffiti

Uiiicei Christmas Cards will be on
sale in the Campus Center Lobby
Monday iliru Friday from 103
daily. Sponsored by Intersorority
Council.

Illoloinul

Carl Gershman, National Vice
Chairman of the Young People's
Socralist League, will speak on
"Radical Politics in the Seventies, A
Sane Perspective" on Thursday,
Nov. 19 at 8.30 pm. in HU 258.
Sponsored by the Albany State
YPSL.

Colonial Otiiicl Board's "Sunday
Dinner" Hot ilogs- $.25, soda 3:. l5
(till kinds). Starting this week liL‘l.‘
siiiicrkrritii. irxtra! Diiiikiii' Dough
units at it) cents each. Potato l'llli)5
ltitil

nu...”-

line first and only performance oi
Kingsley 8 Bass, Jr., "WE
RIGHTEOUS BOMBERS", duet:
ioii by Spencer Jackson will be
tiiven on Nov. 21 at 3 p.m, in the
CrllllDLlS Corner Ballroom. Ad.
mission is $1 00 With student tax
and $2.00 Without Presented by
the Black Ensemble Pcrlorining
Arts Co of SUNY Albillly.

nun-n...”

 

CATHEXlS sponsorsTitticut Fol-
lies the shocking film about life in

- an institute for the criminally in-

sane. Come and ilnd out why this
film is banned in Boston and the
rest oi the state. Wed, Nov. 18 at
8:00 em. in the CC ballroom.

lollloill

Christian Strzalkowski oi the
French Dept. will talk about
French Civilization with Le Cercie
Francais, Tuesday, Nov. 17, at 8:00
pm. Eastman Tower Penthouse,
State Quad.

uncle-nun

The YCLEPT Albany State SF
Society will meet Friday afternoon
at 2 p.m. in HU 3 374 to discuss
adopting a constitution, nominating
and electing oiiicers, and planning a
spring semester SF film series and
SF convention (with pro writers,
editors, writer-academics invited to
speak and for discussion panels.) Be
thine to support SF and give ideas.
Inlorrnation. HU 374, Telephone
457 2969.

“nun...

Attention DIVA DAIMS is up
for ioiiiiru, Slit-i is vital to the
Fiigiish Dept. and Academic Comr
riiiinity, Submit letter immediately
to Dr, Kiintts, "halll'luil, eniiinor
.iting lior qualifications. Thank you.

nuns-u.-

PAGE 13

Remember Pete.Jones and the
hungry ghetto kids he feeds? WSUA
will staff a table in the Campus
Center Lobby tomorrow and Fri-
day as an information, Idea and
solicitations center for student and
lsculty activism in the ghetto. Stop
by from 10 em. until 2 pm. and
find out what you can do about the
problems just four miles down the
road.

IOIGICIOID

The Music Dept. of the State
University of New York at Albany
presents the University Concert
Band on Wed.. Nov 18 and Sat..
Nov. 21 in the main theatre.

uni-nu.

There will be an informal get-
iogetlier wine and cheese party for
all those students interested in stu-
dying abroad. Students will be on
hand, who have studied abroad, to
answer your questions, Nov. 18,
Wed, in HU lounge Room 354. For
further information call Bob Elur-
slein at 4575047.

..........

The Office of Residence will soon
be selecting Resident Assistants for
the 1971-72 academic year. Any-
one inierested in an RA position
must attend the mandatory interest
meeting on Nov. 22, 1970 in Lee-
ture Center 11 from 7-9 p.m. If you
are not able to attend the meeting
you must Contact Howard Wood-
ruli in Hamilton Hall at 457-8839,
at least two (2) days prior to the
meeting.

III-Illlop

 

M «in . mumumun, on o I mi

now take

The people who take
a load of f your stomach

a load off your feet.

Alka-Scltzer'always helped bring you fast
relief from too much to eat or drink. Now
Allin-Seltzer helps bring you fast relief for
tired feet.]ust send us $3.00. That‘s all. And
we’ll send you an inflatable hassock made of
" heavy-duty wipe-clean blue and white
vinyl. In the shape ofan Alka-Sclrzcr tablet.
Let your tired, aching feet sink into
its soft folds. Use it for a back rest.
A wobbly volley ball. A pop sculpture.
Or one-third ofa couch.
We weren’t happy just to help
relieve your upset stomach; heart-

burn; acid indigestion; headache;
sore, stiff, aching muscles and
disconiforts due to too much
to eat or drink.
I Now we can help your feet get
back on their feet again.
I' ______________ '- 7: — — T ~ ‘1
i Please send me Alka-Seltzei l-lassocks
' at $3.00 each.
j (Add stare tax where applicable.)
: Enclose this coupon and send check or
i money order to:
Spotis International, 1.100 Highway 8,
| St. Paul, Miniicsoia 55122.
Naine__., Wm- ,, 

Street—L, _.__.______

Staie__._-_.._i ,LZip Code

This offer expirci May I. 197].
Allow 2 to -1 weeks for delivery.

|
l
I
i
r Cir)'c._..‘___.__w
l
I
I
I

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

