 
    
    
   
  
   
  
   
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

  

   
     
  
    
 
   
   
  
  
   
     
   
     
    
   
   
   
    
   
  
     
    
 
   
    
  
    
    
        
      
     
   
 
    
    
  
   
    
  
   
 
 
 

 

 

PAGE 10

Concert, Board Answers Back

by Mike Glass Concert Board

This article is not to defend or
give excuses for the way concerts
are run. We who are involved with
concerts feel that it is about time
the truth behind the reasons
things are done in a certain way
should be stated for everyone to
know. Too many times the facts
have been twisted, changed, dis-
torted, or completely reversed.
and we feel it is about time to set
the record straight. Since it would
take a book to put down every-
thing about how a concert is run,
we decided to put this article into
a question and answer type set‘up.

Q. Why can't people be let into
the gym as they arrive, instead of
having to wait outside for one or
two hours?

A. When a group comes to do a
concert, they insist on at least two
hours of rehearsal time to set-up,
do a sound check and warm up.
Since the gym is a physical ed-
ucation building, it is impo<sible
to get into the gym to start sening
up before 6 PM the night of a
Concert. Take about one hour to
set the stage, flooring, bleachers,
chairs, and lighting, plus the two
hours the groups require to setup,
and you can see Why the doors
cannot open before 9 PM. In
order to keep people from waiting
on line for hours, we will be
pushing the starting time of con-
certs back to between 9and921l0
so we can let the people in on
time.

Q. Can't anything be done about
the sound in the gym!

A. As we all know, the gym is far
from the ideal place to hold a
concert, acoustically speaking.
Everything in it reflects sound,
and it really makes a group Hound
bad. However, since it is the only
place on campus large enough to
hold most conccrLs, we are going
to have to make the best ofa bad
situation. In order to help im-
prove the situation, we are taking
several steps. First of all, We haVe
just purchased $4000 worth of
the best sound equipment. avail-
able. And secondly, we are now
looking into buying a baffle, or
drop, for the back wall, so the
scund won't bounce around so
much. Both of these steps we
hope will improve the quality of
the sound immensely.

Q. Is something going to be done
to help keep the crowds in ltlll.‘
before the doors open?

A. This is probably the biggest
problem we've had all year, but
we are now taking some positive
steps to help correct it. From now
on there will be between seven
and ten ushers outside from ap-
proximately 6 PM on to help keep
the crowds in line. The lines will
be started a good 20 feet away
from the doors so there can’t be
any mad crush against them. The
ushers will let approximately 30
people in at a time to help allev-
iate the pushing and shoving. And
ﬁnally, there will be lines on both
sides of the gym so we can get the
people in twice as fast. However, I
think it is important to remember
that with a crowd of OVer 3000
people, seven to ten ushers can do
very little unless there is some
restraint on the part of the people
in line. If you don't want to be
pushed, then don't push yourself.
And if the person behind you is
pushing and shoving, then say
something instead of letting him
continue. Only if there is coopera-
tion from both the ushers and the
people on line will We be able to
keep order outside the gym.
Please helpll

Q. Why was an outside promoter
allowed to come on campus with
the Jefferson Airplane?

A. When the promoter first ap
proached us with the idea, we
thought it was good because the
sudenls would be getting a con-
cert that normally we could never
afford to bring to the campus.
Being that it was the first time we
ever had made an arrangement
with an outside promoter, we
made a lot of mistakes, and any-
one who workcd on lhc concert
will be the first to admit it.
Hochvr, the students hardly crui-
cd up on the short end of the
deal. Over 11500 of the 6000
pcoplc who attended were
SUNYA students. This is chr
75% of the total, a good deal
more than for most of our own
concerts. Wc were also able to
obtain a $1.50 discount per ticket
for the first 3000 students who
bought tickets, the number who
usually attend one of our con-
certs. Mistakes were made, there is
no doubt about that, but We feel
that if an outside promoter can
provide high quality entertain-
ment that would not normally be
brought to this 'ampus, and if it
can be done properly, then it is
definitely a service and benefit 10
students, and 5hou|d be done.

 

is sponsoring

the Economics Student Association

an address by

Prof. Douglas Dowel

Prof. of Economics at Cornell

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

The list of questions and prob-
lems is endless, and we could not
possibly answer them all here.
Currently, we are formulating pro-
posals on the pro’s and con's of
having concerts in the gym versus
the armor-y or the Palace Theater.
We are also discussing things such
as requiring a college LB. or
equivalent to get into a concert,
and how to enforce the no-smok-
ing regulations in the gym. lfyou
have any suggestions or criticisms
that you feel are valid, please
contact either Michael Glass,
Chairman of University Concert
Board, at 457-8761, or Denny
Elkin, Student Activities Advisor,
at 457-6978.

We hope this article has at least
presented a clearer picture of
some of the reasons that things
are done in a certain way and
what is being done to improve
them, Whichever way you take
this article, you can be sure ofone
thing, it 's the truth.

 

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1970

 

University Concert Board sponsored Clapton Oct. 30

...rnscn l) cr'g

 

 

An ASP Column
Annul the Day Care Center?

 

 

by Dr. Morris Finder
School of Education

When the old-fashioned minister
admonished the wedding guests,
“Speak now, or forever hold your
pcacc," hc thereby made it clear
that the past of thc bridal couple,
however flaming, was a closed
matter.

I cite this quaint folklorc of the
rites of marriage bcca ‘ il. bears
some contrast and similarity to
issues concerning our day care
center. Funds havc been appro-
priated for ll, construction has
begun, and so on. Bul as chbic
Nolanson's article in lhc ASI’
(November 10) indicates, the issue
is nol ('Ioscd. Nor should il be.

Unlike lhc past of the bridal
couple, the past of u univcrsity
must sland open lo criticism, fora
rcvicw of an inslitutions's past is
one means of assuring its more
enlightened future.

It may scrvc a lurn, then, if I
prcsvnl a brief discussion of this
question: Is this unchrsiLy justi-
fied in paying for the establish-
merit and maintcnancc of a day
curc ccnlcr'.’

I IM'ﬂIII Willi lhc assumption that.
our support. of a (lay cnrc center
or of anything else is justified if
such supporl is consistent wilh ( ll
lhc purpose of the univcrsity, (2)
the principlc of justice thatis.
wilh lhc practice of giving equal
lrcalmcnt to equals and (ii) lhc
personal responsibility of adults,
which univvrsily sluilcnls arc.

 

(I) It is hard to show that
providing day care for young chil-
dren is a concern proper to a
university, which is intended for
leaching, research, and criticism.
If a university's curricula and re-
search do include programs aimed
specifically at educating profes-
sionals in day care work, then the
needs of the program, not the
DTL‘CI'IVL‘d needs of the students
who are parents, would specify
lhc size, type, and facilities of the
center, and the characteristics of
the children to be cared for.

If the demands of some stu-
(Icnt‘pnrcnts become a causc of a
university's making curricular uses
of a day care center, the univer-
sity lhcu practices curriculum de-
velopment through coercion. Such
practice violates due process.

The argument in which day care
is justified on grounds [hi it is a
means of righting social injustice
is also inconsistent with lhc aims
of a university. A university does
not exist to rid a society of
injustice through direct social ac-
tion. One of its valued purposes,
however, is to study injustice and
lo inquirc into means for social
amelioration, Although anyone,
including members of a university,
must be free to advocate any
number of schcmcs for improving
the social order. the univursily as
a corpurulc body loses its lcgiti
macy as a ccntcr of study and
t‘l‘ll.l(.lslll when ll advocat ‘ pur~
llcular plan for social wvlfzu‘c.

 

 

Legal Abortions Without DeIay

The Council on Abortion Research and

Education provules rclerral scrwccs and

 

"TOWARD A RADICAL PERSPECTIVE IN ECONOMICS"

Wednesday, November 18th
2 pm in LG 1‘)
all students invited to attend

 

 

 

Free School Coupon
What would you like the
Free School to do?

 

 

 

(drop in box at CC info desk)

 

lieu mlouuahon regarding legal abomum
oorlomuul wuhoul delay in hospitals and
out pnhunl Iucnlttnc: III strict complnuncc
wuh proscribed medical standards and
practices

Prices range from $195 to $395 for 084C!
vacuum procedures up lo 13 weeks uml
from $000 to $700 for saline procedures
All inquiries are completely confidential
For dulmls call (212) 682-6856

342 Mad-ion Avenue w New York, NY. 10017 It 1212) 682 6856

 

 

 

mm
on international studies

Winﬁrcneeseﬁet. Tpsethvr

Wednesday, November 18th
at 8 pm
For those interested
in study abroad l
sponsored by Albany Transnational Forum

 

 

 

 

(2) Within the university, all
students, I assume, are equals as
members of its community. A (lay
care center would make it conven-
ient for some (or all) students
who are parents to attend classes.
If these students are to be pro-
vided Willi day care service for
their children, then what of their
equals who are not parents or
whose children are too old for (lay
care? What similar provision will
Lhc univcrsity make for thcm‘.’
Would it provide such services as
household help, chauffeur-lug,
huuscpainting, gardening hpr and
lhc like? 'I‘hosc services wuuld
indeed make it convenient for
students who cannot take advan-
tage of a universityvl'undcd day
care center to attend classes.

Briefly, a day care center pro-
vides conveniences to some stu-
dents. Comparable conveniences,
presumably, are denied others.
’I‘hcrcforc, the university's sup-
port uf day care is unjust because
equals are not treated equally.

(ll) Parenthood implies the adult
responsibility of Caring for onc's
children. Because thc responsi-
bility belongs to parents, the uni-
versity should not assunu- it. If
the foregoing is accepted, then
sludcnlvparcnts are not justified in
attcmpling to compel a univcrsily
to supporl an enterprise for pro
viding day care for their children.
And the univcrsily is nuljuslifu-(I
in encouraging its studcnl-parcnls
to ubdii‘utc their parental rcspon~
sibilily, which is perhaps lhc most
important onc that they will cvcr
be privileged to assume.

If I am a studcnl and I owv
Sears money il is my rcspuusi-
billy, not thc univc 'ity's to pay
the bill. If I am a sludcnt and a
parent, it ismyresponsibility, and
"DI lluI llnivursily's, to care for
my children. The univursily has
no more obligation to pay for the
day care of my children than il
has to pay my bill at Sears.

 

In summary, I have suggcslt'tl
that this university is not justificd
in supporting a day can- ccntcr
because such support is inconsist-
cnt with the purpose of the uni-
vcrsity, with the principle of jus-
tice, and With the responsibilities
expected of adults. This does not
imply that day care is an an»
worthy institution. Advocates of
it, it seems to me, should assume
the responsibility themselves.

The university and the day care
center, therefore, make a dubious
marriage. Au annulment is in
order.

 

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 17. 1.970

 

II.II.C.: A RADICAL
AlI'EIlIIATIVE

by Rita Riggioue

“We are a radical group...and want student
participation!" stated Dr. Myron Taylor of
the English Department; he was speaking of
New University Conference, in chapter of
which has just been introduced at SUNYA.

Having attended the first National Con-
vention of NUC in Chicago, Dr. Taylor is
fully acquainted with this national organiza-
tion and its goals. “Anything is open In
discussion..." he mainlained, “but for lhc
first time, people are seriously discussing
education."

New University Conference was founded in
Chicago in the winter of 1968, by former
SDS members disillusioned both with that
institution and with the ponderous workings
of American democracy. NUC has so far
been involved in initiating college day care
centers, in organizing high school leaclicrs,
and in finding other weapons againsl the
Vietnam War bcsidcs political peace cam-
paigns.

By December, lhc group hopes to have
completed a study of graduate education al
Albany. It will incluili- a course, program,
and teacher analysis of cva (It'llill‘illlt'lli III
the graduate program. Information for lhc
report will bc obtained through (jucslinn-
naires distributed to all graduate studcnts.

Other members of the Albany Chuplcr,
including Sue Ann Ethinglon, arc aclivcly
involved in Women's Liberation programs.
Faculty members Jerry Johnson, 'l'om Smith
and Tim Reilly arc avid participants in the
organization. However, as Dr. 'l‘nylor ex-
plained, “Wc have no constitulion and no
officers."

Dr. Taylor fer-ls that the most important
problem facing the group right now is thal
“wc are limited to Ilumanitics parlicipation
and would like to he more broadly based."

Each Monday at 12 noon in IILllnuIllIIL’S
122 a luncheon and rap scssion cnnslilulcs
the mccting of NUC symjuilhlZcrs. All arc
wclt'omu and, as [)1'. I‘uylirr inslsli-(I. “\Vc
want studculs!"

 

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Indians Grin

by Bob Kattau and Vicki Gottlich
An ASP Feature

Tucked away amidst the sand dunes, pine trees,
and complete tranquility of upper Perimeter Road
lie the halls of Adirondack and Cayuga, which
constitute the "NOW" of what shall some day be
known as Indian Quadrangle. To some, Indian
represents a figment of their imagination, a never-
nevcr land drowned out with lhc roar of tractors
and hurdhats which swarm around it each day. But
to thc 216 braves who inluibil lhc rcscrvulion. it is a
real and vibrant place, alch with a uniqucncss which
is solely lhcirs nl SUNYA.

To discovcr llu- truc scntimenls of thcsc bravcs,
the ASP circulated a public opinion poll. Of lhc 208
polls distribuch to the inhabitants, only 56 were
sufficiently movcd to answer. but lhcir answers givo
enough insight into lhc mind of lhc “lypical
Indian."

Out of thosc polled, only 15 voluntarily chusc to
live on Indian, vilhcr bccuusc they wantcd In lu-
with their friends or bccausc lhcy lhoughl Indian
life would be a novel experience. The -11 who wcri-
pill on the quad through no fault of lhcir own arc
frcsluncn, lransfcr sludcnls, uppcrclassmcn rccciviug
housing for lhc first limo, and onc poor soul who
decided loo Inlc lo Iransfcr to SUNY Binghamton.
Ncar 50"; of lhc pcuplc cxpcctcd lhc quad lo Irc as
incomplclc as u currcnlly is, lhough many holicvcd
lluil lhcn' hall would bc cnlircly finished by llu'
limc lhcy cslablishcd rcsidcncc.

'I‘lu- l‘csldcnts IllltI u Iol in say about Indian '5 musl
ndcquali- and inudcquulc fcalurcs. 'I‘Iu- lack of
(lining facililics look lhc award for most uuidcqualc
feature, rccciving ilIl votes. It was followed by lhc
luck of doors on luilcls, lhc prl'sclu‘c of ('(lIISII‘IIP
lion workt'rs, and too much dirt and dual. ()lhcr
missing ilcms includcd girls , mailhoxcs, IlllI walcr
occasionally, and hall carpeting. thn cxprcssing
bl-sl fculurcs, spiril and conpcruliun bctwucn peo-
ple, stated 12 times, was lhc mosl frequently
mcnlioni-tl Eight pcuplc fcll lhnl Indian had no
bcsl fcalurcs whalsocvcr.

Most of the guys l'cll lhal Indian has something to
make up for 1I.\jlll_\'.\'1('.II Inudcquucii-s, qu-lIu-r II Iu'
lhc conpcralMarc». tlu- spirll of frccdnm, or lhc
l'acl llull “ll ‘5 tlu- only quail lhal allows ral~shnol|ng
contrasts." Si-vcral quail functions luch Inglilighli-d

Unrest and Education: Educators Speak

|l|l|Ill.t, sci-s llu- causm of unrest as [‘h.~ I'ICI’11-515urt‘ulvt'llInlIlll'II.

plentiful and l'UIII
Ilowuvm'. l\'c||t-i

by Mike Avon

Illil'élll‘ll ~|\lb and mull] gradcrs. 'I'hcsc
I'i'IIt‘d “1 “IM'I- It‘NIS. \Vlllt'll arc gn’cn (luring lhc

“'I‘hc Ulllil‘li Htulcs at llu- H” lbl‘ I‘m“ “II Wilt "5 5' “Nil” |IlII'lI \vm-knl lhcscluml your, |c.\l

prcscnl. lime, and sincc lhc I‘J‘Jtl's VIHN‘ 0| “NW-"v -|

' ,. ' 1- l» .
has practiced dcmocralic malcr Hnl |'l I II will Ill
inlisni," said (icin'gc Kcllcr, an Illl'Hl HI 1110 MINI!“
. . . ) _ . .
(ISSISIHIII lo lormcr (lIIiIIII'l‘IIIIl' In Iluu nix. l\|I[l

Gould of 1hr.- Slali- Universin of s;u(l,“Vinli-ucc In

I'Hlllll‘l' I'l'lllllllv“ lhc sluilculs‘ wailing and inalli
Nixon3 li'i‘i” .llulily.

LNMH‘. Spl'uIHHll 'l‘lw I'I‘II’ Ii-sls .m- givmi to I(Il'lll
ma, Nixon hail ll'y ctluculmnally IIIMIKIVilllIlljll‘tI
.\uu-rica Is not (‘IHIIII'I‘II Sislcr McCormick will

New York. Kill ’1' Hindu [his rc- caused Il)’ 1"“ Will'' “0' “NI-“'1' by that llicsi- lusts ui'c used by lhc

mark in a prt'scnlullnn ocpluining I‘cpi'cssion,.. 1.4-1 s
the causes of studcnt unrcst, at an lur What liH')’ MN

I'ccognim lhcu! (low-rum, It‘gISIIIUII'l', and school
'---nut I‘UHHIHUV supervisors Io plan the budgcts.

cducational forum at Saint Rose rL'VUIMiullul'll‘r‘i. Illll “‘0 51'1"" Shc saw an inbcrcntdangcr in this

College on November 0. thulls 31”“ “(mm

In continuing, Kcllcr said, "The
chief object in life is material
comfort in this world, and to have “‘0 I‘Urum

Spoukiug along
Wcrc

ums HIM IWV“ l'acl, as I’IEI’ only tests reading and

HIWHYS I’Iilﬂlll'd 1101M IN'“I)I"-” math. Shc said, “Wc must be

 

Willi KPH” ill concerde with the arts, . nous

SISI‘UV PHUIIW' and crcutivity.” 'I‘hc strcss of road

goods available to everyone. Muk»
ing this possible requires lots of
goods and an inexpensch way to
produce them in mass quanlllics.
This requires large scale |)l‘(rtluct-
ion and investment."

Because of democratic material-

Mctlormick, and msuructor 1n od-
ucalion at Saint Rose, and David
Brown, financial accountant and
coordinnlor of stale and l'cdi-I'al
cducalion funds for the city of
albany. Sister McCormick spoke
about a study on PEI’ (Pupil

ing and math can bring cuts or lhc
wrong places, she concluded.
Brown discussed statc and to
schools, and formulas used to
tlctcrminc it. He characterizcd
both aid and formula as deficient
and unable to mcct the nccds of

ram, Keller concluded that busi- IIVIIIU-HIU“ 1'01!”

ness is necessary. as chI as spcc~
ializutiou, bureaucracy, anil.cilics.
These results cause “unpli-asanl [7
consequences,“ such as the loss of
self, slums, and pollution.

How does this all relate to slu-

m) 5h” I11”. mm“ lhc school districts.

on Albany (Younly Schools.

KAVE’S

 

dunt unrest? Students suck ltlt‘ll'
tity, while bigness and burcauv

IMPORTED CAR CENTER

 

cracy requires loss of self. An-
other consequence of dcmocrutic

materialism is, according to COMPLETE c
Keller, Iurgcsculu industrializatimi
and internalionalism. Mcchauizuf — RENAULT
ion and war follow. Students de‘ - PEUGEOT
sire neither, and have Irccn clumul- __ JAGUAR
led into both.
Kcilcr told the mostly lTII(I(IIt'-
DOME

aged audience the the United
States is in the midst of a revolu-
tion. I'Ic lllllllltlllllti tliu it is u
"‘Iuict and unwilling“ revolt.
KUIIcr, who is assistant dean and
political hCIDllCU prcfcssor a1 (lol-

949 CENTRAL AVE.

FACTORY AUTHORIZED SALES A PARTS - SERVICE

OLLISION SERVICE - racrouv TRAINED TECHNICIANS
-- LOTUS — MG
— AUSTIN AMERICA
— FIAT '- TRIUMPH

OVERSEAS DELIVERY ARRANGED
STIC AND IMPORTED CARS BOUGHT AND SOLD

482-4413 NIGHT rowma 463-3786

ALBANY. N. V

 

 

PAGE 11

(?) and BearIt

 

...de young

lhc otherwise dull lives of many. 60% of those who
responded attended the “Feast of the Vestal Vir-
gins,“ but only 12% partook in a little-known raid
on Slatc Quad. The largest attendance was at Keg II,
hcld lwo weekends ago,

There has bccn much discussion about Indian
being lhc only nonvcocd quad in the school.
'|‘hirly»ninc affirmed the lack of girls affected them,
10 answercd “no,” with one abstaining. Comments
rangcd from “I‘m getting horny" to "No effect: I'm
(gum-r“ or “I'm still in love with my mother."

WIu-n it came to the choice between the suite and
corridor systems of rooms, 22 favored the corridor,
25 favorcd the suite, and 9 had no preference. An
uw-rwlwlming majorily of Indians preferred living
on Indian to living in the downtown dorms. Most
people objected to taking the bus during the winter
months.

()onlrary to popular Iii-lief, Indian has not had an
cxlvnsivc wave of I'irblu'rics Only 5 out of 51
pcoplc llnSWt'rL‘d that lhcir suilc had been robbed.
Sonic slolcn ilcms wore: in Cork board, a radio-tape
player, cash. and side ll of a Woodstock album.

Mosl cvcrybody zigrccd lhal [here is a definite lack
of si-curily. This question arose once again two
wm-kcnds ago, when lhc maslcr keys In all doors on
lhc quad Wcrc stolen from lhc imiinlcnancu room in
lhc bum-maul. 'I‘hc braves arc all cnnccrncd and have
signed pvtilinns demanding maximum sccurily on
lhc quail. 'I'Iic robhcl‘y qul neccssi alcd I'cpluccmcnl
of .1” locks on lhc quad.

 

'I'In- lack of (lining facililics Is an inconvcnlcncc to
llIhI almul i-Vcryhuily nu IIlt‘([1l£1(I,l'N[)l'CIilIIy during
l'tlIII and Ill(‘Il‘lll('|lI wmillicr. Surprisineg cnough,
I’uur rcpIu-il that [buy wcrc nnl iIu'onVcnicncr'd. Onc
i-lrunip Wrulc‘ “I cnjoy walking a milc fur a lncul.
I'd rulhcr wqu than switch."

I)l‘.\|)|Il’ ;||I lhc bounds and Incunvunu-ncl-s, 13H
It‘lllll‘ll [lull flu-y \vould IIVI‘ on Indian again, 7
ilcfinili-Iy would unl. and 10 said that it would
lIl'lll‘Illl (111 \vhclhcr nr nol lbc (ptutl was complctcd
|r_\ SPIHI'IIIIH'I'

'I‘lu- Iii-s1 purl about cvuluulmg lhcxc polls was
wailing lhc comments wr- rcN-ivctl, Unc iralc guy
cnnnnculcil “laying cundlllons arc SIII'I'. If a stall!
as l‘II'II as Ncw York Is only rcsponsihlc Io provide ‘u
roof and a lrcd,‘ as lhc Slalc Dormitory Authorin
says, lhcu lIu-y should go to hell. Wc surc pay
i-nough Ill tam-r. and board. 'l‘lu-y could givc us
better conditions than this.“ Of course, We Were nol
immune to columan either. Some said "Very dumb
questions," and another “Very fine survey!" Onc
comment, submitted by an anonymous clown, went
as followst. “I derive an inner, intense, personal,
I itil'ul feeling and relationship and a communal
sat laction which is a resulting factor of the fact
that we are brothers, friends, cummunully in Iovv
and pcacc, together emitting our saliva upon the
floor which is walked upon equally by all. "

As the sun sets slowly in the west, the braVes settle
down on their reservation to begin anothcr evening
of stereos, studying, guitars, and passing the peace
pipe. Despite the hardships, they are alive and well
and living conteutcdly on the SUNYA frontier.

 
  
 

 

FREE!

YOUR DELIVERY ORDERS

,Hr nu It lltllltltl ltll lll‘l\

an.“ .m. i...” l. u l I”

l. ...,.l u..u . lhmlllr \uhmultuel

..I «Hi inull . VA.IH-quiu- rm
:4 '14 . in. .am.

hullunuiltl

 

14k your mrqm in
MM |‘\ SUIIMAIIINLS
vutmaal lhc , Allum, N V
on puma-SI . \1hmy,N 1'
Mil Iln)‘ silicon-lull) Itil . Lailum. N \

FREE!

 

WALTS SUBMARINES APPRECIATES

GET 3 WAIT’S SUIMAIIIIIIS FIIIEI

m... Nu m .1. 7.. u... “all . \ulrmunnr- um: am] In: n.1,: . mm:

FREE!‘

FREE! 1

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

