  

 

 

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
   
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

- r .,,___,.,.r,..,,..”-.,. , ..u. . v:

t

i
i
3
i
i

 

 

 

 

 

Communications

To The Editor:

I am completely in agreement with Ali Hazzah's
disappointment in my performance during the
“Mother/Dead Son" scene in Viet Rock. I put
nothing into that performance, due to the fact that
I didn't play the role. I was backstage at the time.
However, I felt that Holly Fitter did an admirable
job with the role, and seeing as Mr. l-lazzah has,’ in
the past, described her as a “well known bundle of'
energy," he should know Well enough who she is.

1 also regret tht your reviewer did not understand
the play.

Sincerely,
Leslie Bergson
“Viet Rock" cast

To The Editor:

I think that the ASP should take a second look a’
its present theater critic. The theater review column
is not a place for Mr. Hazzah to spout off his
political beliefs. Nobody is particularly interested
in his ideas of how to show the “idiocy of a garbage
administration."

Every scene in Viet Rock added 'to the impact of
the play, which was quite effective, indeed. Perhaps
Mr. Hazzah missed all the people that walked out of
the Arena Theater crying. Perhaps he also was
unaware of the fact that the company netted over
$100 after their bills had been paid. I thinkthatthe
people who donated that $100 would think that
I‘worthwhile" was a slightunderestimation.His criti-
cisms Were exiictiy what be condemned the play
for-they "stank of kitsch!‘ I don't think he knows
the meaning of the Word "enthusiasm" because Viet
Rock was a great deal more than a “pleasant
surprise.” It was the most effective play 1 have ever
seen put on by the Theater Department of SUNYA.

Yours truly,
P.’ Kuplan R. Marine S. Rice
f‘ Guns S.M. Goldfine R. Pugoda

 

executive editor

. . . . . . . . . . . . carol hughes
news editors

. . . . . . . . . . . . . bob wamer

. _ . I I , _ . . . . . , Vicki leldin advertising manager

. . . . . . . . . . . . .jeff rodgers

. . . . . . . . . . . . .linda waters “WWW” “‘1 manager

. . . . . . . .barbara cooperman

. , . . , . . , , , , , . , duve ﬁnk technical editor

. . . . . . . . . . . . .tom clingan

. . . . . . . . . . . . john o'grady associati- technical editors

. . . . . . . . . . . . .sue seligson

. . . . . . . . . . . . dan williams

artx editor
sports editor
features editor
city editor

. . . . . . . . . . . elniore bowcs
graphics L'dtfur

albany student press

neill e. shanahan
editor-in-chie/
managing editor

business manager

production manager

. . . . . . . . . . . .aralynn abare

. . . . . . . . . . . . .chuck ribak

To The Editor:

I urge all students of voting age at Albany State to
vote for Senator Charles E. Goodell.

Vice President Agnew, and President Nixon and
his administration are using campus unrest and
“violence” to further extend our involvement in
Viet Nam. Vice President Agnew does not propose
solutions to our domestic problems, but rather he
labels groups and individuals. Case in point: Senator
Goodell of New York. Vice President Agnew is
dictating to New Yorkers who will sit in the United
States Senate. He has labeled Senator Goodell a
radical-liberal and everything short of being ilny‘
thing but American, and a believer in the American
flag, apple pie, and motherhood. We are attempting
to produce a change, by doing it within the system,
and then the Vice President starts in and puts us
down.

We must stop fighting the war in Viet Nam and
start fighting our own war on poverty, discrimi-
nation, poor schools, and other problems we face.
We can't fight two wars at one time. We need the
millions and millions of dollars being spent on Viet
Nam, to be used to fight our own war. We need
money for the development of job-core centers. We
need to get the people off the welfare rolls and on
the. pay rolls, thus reducing the burden of the tax
payer. And eventually these people will be working
and paying taxes and will further reduce the tax
burden. Senator Goodell intro duced legislation
which was the primary source for the l962 Man-
power DeVelopment and Training Act. We need
money to combat the thousands of people living in
poverty and in destitute conditions. We need the
money to improve ghetto schools and schools in
general.

We must have a complete withdrawal from Viet
Nam, as Senator Goodell authored the first bill for
setting a deadline for a total withdrawal- the
Vietnam Discngagcmcnt Act of 1969. There ciiii
never be free elections with the dictatorial regime of
Thieu and Ky. What if by next year, the promised
250,000 troops are left in Viet Nam, and the North
Vietnamese launch a major offensive? Will President
Nixon feel he has the right, as he has before, to send
all or more troops back to Viet Nam" We can‘t let
this happen.

We must not let the Agiiews and Martha Mitchells
cover up the sins of the Nixon administration, by
attacking student and campus unrest and then
advocating the election ofsuch supporters of Nixon
as James Buckley.

On November 3rd, we must elect those officials
who are in direct opposition the the Nixon adminiv
stration. We must not let the Senate become one in
which Nixon can manipulate its members to further
his policy in Viet Nam. Please get out and vote for
peace candidates. Please get out and vote for
Senator Charles E. Goodell. He is too good to lose.

Michael B. Phillips
SUNYA '72

  
  

. . . . . . . . . . . jon guitman
photography editor
, . . . . . . . . . .andy hochberg

. . . . . . . . . . . gloria liollister
l'il‘t'ttitllltllt iiiiinager
. . . . . . . . . . . . sue fiiulkner

To The Editor:
.| - . .
l he name ol 'the certain gentleman" whose

 

 

TUESDAY, unveil/18212 3, 1970

Comment

Editorial

The vote by Central Council last Thursday to withhold $22,000
from WSUA seriousb’ threatens the continued existence of the
radio station and poses a severe threat to the autonomy of
Student Association funded organizations.

The crisis wh ich has now Come to a head has been brewing since
Spring 1970. Then, in aniiciapiion of a much-needed move
uptown, and in order to improve the transmitting strength of the
station‘s signal, the staff of WSUA spent most of their alloted
budget for new equipment. Du e to the strike and the ensuing
summer months, it was impossible to call Finance Committee or
Central Council together to obtain approval for the necessary line

changes and budget requests.

Unfortunately, however, the staff committed more violations
than necessary for the purchase of the equipment. They
purchased an airplane for the Siaie Fair without the approval of
Finance Committee and made other extremely questionable
purchases in the light of ﬁnancial policy. These violations were
compounded and mu ucli liosiility aroused to cover them up.
Thus, to some extent. WSUA has brought the wrath and
interference of Central Council ripen itself.

Yet, in rectifying these violations certain members of Council
have so far as to grosst violate ilie limits of llicir own power, to
set extremely dangerous precedents. and ultimately, to vote on

the request for additional llltiilit‘\ Willi a mood and reasoning that
can only be described as Villtlit‘llVe. In rectifying these ﬁnancial
violations, Council has unnecessarily threatened the organization at
structure and mairiiaincncc of ilic radio station both of which
they know absolutely nothing about.

Sincc controversy broke llllil the open, Council appoinlcd it
much needed Ad-Hoc ('orninnsiun to investigate WSUA. Tlial
commission established cciiurn guidelines for the further
regulation of tire station‘s tiiiuncial affairs. Included in the
guidelines was one stating lllill all purchases made by the station
must be approved by lllc Vlt't-l'lt'sidelll ol'Studcnt Associalion in
writing. The guidelines established an adequate check against
further mismarnigcmcnl. and llli‘ matter should have ended there.
They did not, illltl now Il .ippcars that Council will grani no
further money in the izitlio \l.llllln uriiil the entire staff resigns
and ('ouncil can place iis handpicked personnel in die managing

positions of llic radio.

The move is a paicni Violziiinii of the autonomy of the siziiion.
('ouncil is assuming lo |l\t‘ll dictatorial powers over each
organization fun dcd by \lllilcill tax and Ihis is ioially
unacceptable.

(‘cnti'al ('ouncil must icali/c tli.it llS powers are lirnilcd, and that
they should remain liiiiiicd. 'l'lir members of council have every
right to see that sludcni llliilllt‘\ are no i misspcnl, but they have
absolutely no rillit io iiiakc the granting of appropriations
coniingcni on the make-up oi racli organization.

The effect of (‘ouncil‘x aciinii will ultimately be the closure of
WSUA. There is simply no capable staff, trained and organized to
conliniic the operations in replace the present staff, [1‘ this
happens, lhc rcsponsihilily Will lull on the members of Council
Who voted WSUA oul ill existence in ignorance and
vindictivencss

The Other Day at the Issue Factory

by Barry Kirschner

llaving heard something UVI'I‘
the radio about an cleclion going
on around this time of year, l
decided to educate myself aboul
the issues of the campaign.
Looking for the men who make
the issues, 1 was pleased to find
out that l had to see only one by “ulhm’lllt‘ﬁ “"3 “0" Uf‘ly
tolerable, they're downright

“It depends who is using it
against whom," explained Mr.
Census; some of it is tolerated and
some of it is not." I then asked
Icon to tell me which violence is
tolerated iind which isn't. "That's
easy. The crises involving violence

man for all three candidates. ‘
since he was employed by each or POPUIIH’. If,  had to give you one
Lhcm. Right next to his (iffil‘c concrete l-hmg “’9 were “1"”an
were lots of New York 'l‘init's “Bum” VlOlcnc” Wllh. I'd My ll
buCk issues ; plenty of wooden w“ fluth'llY- RCHPCCL fur
platforms With all sorts of holes in u“thorny “n95 the be” this yl-‘ur-H
Hells hells, I thought to myself,

them.

The man's name was lcon deciding to throw away the
Census and he explained the» ding-tiling-questionslhiid prepared
year'selectionissuesimply,siiyiiig. iL-cing they Would have little
“My candidates are running rippeui,

“Then I guess the election is
between authority and violence.”
To this [con replied, “It‘s not so
vasy. You speak as if those are

against violence." Needless to say.
l was very discouraged iipoii
firirling out that a fourth
candidate named Violence was

ALBANY STUDENT puss

 

 

The Chancellor
and the Job

PAGE 7

 

 

 

Election Downs"

 

 

 

running for office, but I hid my
disappointment, l asked him to
i!llll)l)rill.t' on his statement.

mutually exclusive commodities.
lf everyone saw things as simply
“5 you do, our votcr~ education

by Mike Lampert

As Ernest Boyer assumes th e post of Ch ancellor of
the State University of New Yo rk he faces challen-
ges much greater than those that ever faced Sam
Gould.

As Chancellor it was Sam Gould's job to build a
physical plant and fill it with students. Other than
this “ J ‘ ' ,L" r' set by.» "" ' ,
Gould could run the University basically as he saw
fit and prevent political interference. If Gould
wanted a mandatory Student Activities Fee, he
could get Arthur Levitt to find him a way to do it.
Gould could generally keep the state-wide politics
out of the University.

The two major tasks facing Ernest Boyer are much
greater than the tasks that ever faced Sam Gould.
The first task is to make the University function.
The University has many new and shiny facilities,
and a much larger number of faculty and students
than ever before. Newi factors, such as the Taylor
(public emp loyees' collective bargaining) Law must
be assimilated by the University.

People and concrete do not make a University. As
a Chancellor‘s task force is presently asking: “What
is the purpose of the University?" The Chancellor
now has to become concerned with questions like:
“While dorms house many students, are dorm
facilities livable?" Dr. Buyer must be more concer-
ned with people and their needs than Mr. Gould
ever was. These q uestions havu no precise answers,
as the questions of cost for new dorms (lid. These
are questions, however, to cliich Dr. Boyer must try
to find answers.

Th e second major task facing Chancellor Buyer is
relating the University to the people of the State,
and relating the State to the people of the Univer-
siyt. Sam Gould could say “stay out of my
University" to the politicians and he listened to.
Because of the times, Dr. Boyer cannot. Students
today have realized they must speak out against
social injustices they perceive. They try to interact
with Ihe community, both in small groups and mass
actions. But in so doing, they have forced the
community to reali'Le they exist, and that they
disagree with the decisions of the community. No
community likes to be challenged. The community
will respond.

Dr. Buyer's second task, in essence, then, is to
educate the community that a University is a place
that challenges the values of a society. The com-
munity must he taught that the UniVersily, as a
center of rational thought, must tolerate a variety of
vii-Ws. The University must be educated that the
community will react to being challenged. The
University must be educated that people feel that
State monies imply State controls. The new Chan-
cellor must educate two groups that have Very
different points of view to respect each other, and
he must teach them how to successfully interact.

by AI Seals

It in election day today. The people of this nation
will walk into a booth, pull a lever, and choose 3
Congress that will guide them for the next few
years. It is 1970, and fear stalks this divided land.

The professional politicians are dealing with a
frightened electorate, an electorate fearful of infla-
tionary paychecks, of bombings in the middle of the
night, of riots in the lhettoes and on the campuses.
Scared of their own children.

That is why it is such a sickening spectacle to
watch, this election day. The politicians recognize
this fear and they exploit it, capitalize on it for
personal profit.

This is an election personified in slander and lies,
in simplistic answers and outright deceit. It is
Nixon, who pledged to “Bring Us Together,"
stumping the nation for law-and-order and against
an imagined radical-liberal political consp iracy.

It is Buckley and his American flag, Rockefeller
trying on hardhats, Goodall ishouted down by
construction workers.

It is Agnew calling demonstrators "garbage" and
pledging that this is the time to “squeeze them ou t
of this society."

It is 1950 again, and Joe McCarthy has risen from
the dead; only we are the ou tlaws now, our life-style
replacing communism as a menace to American
democracy. Nixon calls us “bums” and “hood-
lums," Agnew calls us "garbage," and a grand jury
arrests students for killing students even though the
National Guard fired the guns.

And on the campuses we are left...where? Two
years since Chicago, one since Washington, 6
months since Kent. Moratoriums, marching, even
striking seems futile. What now?

The answer may be forced on us tonight. The
danger is that when the results iire flashed across our
screens we will see the system damned oncu and for
llll. That the voters will buy the Nixon-Agnew bag
of goods and the Reagans and the Buckleys and the
Strattons will wind up on top.

If that happens, then it will be our turn to tremble
for there will be no turning back, no further
attempt at rationalization, no more excuses. It is
two years until the next national elections and this
country will not have that long.

Agnew will be right. By 1972, We will be squeezed
out. You can he sure that Nixon will have forced us
off our fences and into the streets by then.

This is the true stake of this election day. The
distrust and hatred tear at the nation's seams; two
years is too long. By that time, we will have rotted,
each of us, either in spirit—or in the streets. Like
garbage. The policies of this administration will
guarantee it.

 

  

THE for'T/rv/[TNAWSI
AMt‘A.rS/tt>uf{_ i: Gall/(r
respect for authority, we would Ta TELL THt U
also have respect for violence. At
present, it is difficult to
differentiate i between respect for
authority and fear, which is
caused by violence sanctioned by
authority."

"Well, if you know your
platform is inconsistent, why
don't you change it'!‘I asked this
naive reporter.

This amused Mr. Census, and
after he picked himself up
from'teen minutes of rolling on
the floor he said, "Look you
idiot, you don't change a winner.
Don't they teach you anything in
college? "

Sensing a growing hostility, i
decided in end my interview at
lliis point. I walked home
struggling with the problem of
Vl()ll'llCL‘ and authority and what
tlii-rrelntioiiship is. While on thi
walk 1 was mugged, which iiiiide

 
 

RADE SHRED“
aurET/ HERE

 

 

      
    

   
   
  

3&5EitlerLF or MY REGIME z WEWXW\
FOR GULLIgZ’yeiZ’ffoa/FINréiEUUN/TED STATES or AMERICA
T0 DISGRACE you IN THE ESY To SCREW you LEFTMD RIGHT:

  
   
  

HID'
GENEROUSLY SENDING Youti mm 30“ a AND FUR
BOYS,WHo FRANKLY DON’T WANT m mg" 9’5 FOR OUR

KNOW WHY You Do 1r, BUT WE‘RE veRy'ERlﬁ’fggﬁfif

 

      

AND I MEAN THAT WITH
ALL SINCER/TY/

 

 

PROFITABLE USE OF YOUR  WORLD AND TO MAKE

       
   
   

 

 

me very upset until I found a note

"People lll't' sick of strikes, and campaigns would be much more
hoinbs, and obscenilies (verbal lllt'usunt.” I tried to hide my
violence), and they are not llltl'l)' blush, not Wanting to lie pinned
to elect someone mm on Will] tiny politiciil leaning."

‘ "You see, our platform is
inconsistent. Should we hiIVl?

saying my iniiggers were form the
police department. anuriilly i
decided to accept my fate with
pride, knowing I had been
nianhandlcd authoritatively by
New York's Finest and not by
some hippie fag.

  
 
  
 
  

The Albany Student'Pwss isvlozaiad in cell 326 at the Campus Center at
the State nivevslty 0 Now or at Alban .Tha ASP was toundad in ISIS “ '- .. . , - .
and has been going downhill ever lines. This newspaper is funded by the   n. .alilurliUd mum!“ hunumfi .{mm M'
Dreaded Salt Tax, and can be found in the other and at both 457-2190 and ”" “n” ""‘l “ “"5! of W“ “Wndry Is. for the
2194. “'L'Ul’d. Robert Verini. That's It O-B-E-R-T

Common millions are limited to 300 words and are mblocl. To editing. V-l‘th-l‘N-l. VlUll‘m't-H'
Editorial policy I! the domain of Ilia Editoreln-Chlaf. Contents of the ASP “I guess violence In lll‘l'll)
are cop yriunl 1970 by the Albany Student Press. mumpuh” the“, dHVH_H I MUM in

performance in CAMlNO REAL was referred to as

Yours in peace and theatre,
ltohert Verini

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

