   
   
   
     
   
  
   
   
   
   
 

 

  
   
   
 

 

 

 

 

 
  
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

    
   
  
  
   
    
  
 
  
  
    
     
  
    
    
 
  
   
    
   

 

  
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
  

  

    
  
  
 

     

 
  

    
   

  
  
    
  
   
 
  

   

 

   

   
 
 
   
   
 
 
  
 
   

    

 

    
   
  
 

     
    
     
    

 

   

)
:

 

COLUMNS

CONTINUED: NOISE 0N VIETNAM

by Mitch Zoler

After former Senator Wayne Morse gave his speech Mon day October
26, a group of seven students had the opportunity to have an
additional, informal discussion with. The bulk of the session dealt
with Mr. Morse’s views of the hearing held before the Senate Foreign
Relations Co mmittee in 1964 concerning the Gulf of Tonkin
Resolution. He also emphasized the lack of support he got those days
from today's Vietnam doves and touched on the position of President
Kennedy on Vietnam just before Kennedy was shot.

The questioning opened with a reference to Mr. Morse's statement
during his speech that just prior to Tonkin, Secretary of Defense
McNamara came before the Foreign Relations Committee and
declared his intention to invade China. Only after China experts were
called in, and stated the infeasibility of such a plan (at least three
million men needed and years of occupation of China) did Joh nson
relent and called the mission off. One student expressed his shock that
this incident was never publicized although it had been read into the
Congressional Record twice in speeches by Mr. Morse. The former
Senator replied by saying “90 % of what was said on the floor
concerning Vietnam was never publicized."

It was in response to the next question that Mr. Morse delved into
his remembrances of Tonkin. He said that just before the hearings a
sailor from the Maddox (the ship that was supposedly attacked by
North Vietnamese) came to his office and told Mr. Morse that
although he could give no specific information on the incident. he
advised that the Senator ask Joh nson’s representatives two questions:
What mission was the Maddox on? Where was the Maddox?

According to Mr. Morse, this tipped him off that he might not be
told the truth during the hearings. He therefore paid particular
attention to the responses of Rusk, Rostow, Bund y, Katzenbach.
MacN'amara, el. at. when he asked them these two questions. in his
opinion as a lawyer who had spent years telling whether witnesses and
clients were lying or not, he felt that all of them “were lying through
their teeth." that everything was “a 100% fabrication."

He then related what has since been uncovered about Tonkin. The
Maddox was apparently a fully equipped spy ship that was sent to
provoke an attack on itself (which it finally did). Radiograms were
received from her at 4, 5, 7, 9. 1], and 13 miles from the North
Vietnam shore, whereas North Vietnam declares a 12 mile limit. The
electronic equipment aboard was used to alert the North Vietnam
defenses to its presence and after it was spotted it deliberately stayed
to be fired upon.

Mr. Morse revealed that in the cloakrooms of the Senate he was
given much support in his fight against the resolution. but on the floor
only Senator Greening and himself voted against it. Many of today’s
doves said to him. “What good can you do here if you're n (it here
[not reelected]?" Morese replied, “What good are you doing when
you are here?" He then added, "Of course they can say I'm not there
[in the Senate], but at least 1 don’t have blood on my hands."

When asked why Johnson '5 aides followed this policy of deception.
Mr. Morse stated that they sincerely believed in u containment policy
for China and that Vietnam was necessary to stop the spread of her
influence. Johnson himself went into Vietnam because he was
convinced by his advisors that it was the proper course of action to
take.

Mr. Morse then delved into Kenn edy's position concerning Vietnam.
He said that just prior to the assassination the President told him that
he wanted to discuss an intense report he was going to receive on
Vietnam. Unfortunately. due to Kennedy's assassination this meeting
never occurred. A year later, Mr. Morse met with John Kenneth
Galbraith. who. it turned out. had written this report on Vietnam. Mr.
Galbraith informed him that his report said the same things Mr. Morse
had b een espousing since 1962 in the Senate. In other words,

Kennedy was seriously considering Morse's view, and chances are we
wouldn't have entered into the conflict in Vietnam if Kennedy had

 5300

Drugs

   

  
   

Legal Hassles
Pregnancy
Any Problem

Cell 457-5300 24 hrs/day
maybe we can help

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Mortgaging the

by Dave Comarow

Last year at a prod uctivity con ference held here at
SUNYA. one of the guest speakers presented what
many ecologists consider a hair- brained
interpretation of the human ecosystem. Dr. Tom
Odum made an honest attempt to quantify an
intuitive feeling that must have lurked in the back
of his mind for years-thateconomies are extensions
of the biological natures of man-and, in fact, that
money is a representation of energy output (or
storage) by man. Most ecologists snicker and dismiss
the whole concept, saying you can't equate dollars
to ergs. But I think they are missing a very
important point. Even if money is not related
directly and mathematically to human expenditure,
it is at least affected by the unbelievably complex
system of interactions in the ecosystem of man.

The economy of a country is a function of the
state of the ecosystem of that country. For
examp le, increased particulate pollution of the
atmosphere decreases the amount of light energy that
is able to reach the ground. This results in a decrease
in crop yield, thus the price of the crop goes up!

Western man has co me to feel himself above
nature; h is economies reflect this. It doesn't matter
to Tobin Meat Packing Company of Albany that it
is polluting Patrjoon Creek (which has been shown
to contain typhoid and salmonella) as long as its
profits go up every year.

The same is true of every company in America.
Big business is flushing its toilet into your back yard
and spending billions every year attempting to
convince you to look out your front window. There
must be an epidemic of acute myopia in the board
sof directors' meeting rooms all around America!

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1970

Environment

Functionally, the other economies of the world
are no better. They too are based on expansion and
growth, the flushing chain of the world toilet.

If economies are affected by the state of the
ecosystem, then as the ecosystem deteriorates so
will the economies of the world. Dr. Ken neth Watt
of the University of California at Davis. speaking
here last week, said that two independent computer
simulations predicted the complete failure of the
American economy within 36 months. I don 't
dou bt it!

Not forgetting that the economy of the US. is just
a part of the ecosystem, we can predict some of the
effects of any economy that completely falls apart.

The first effect (according to Watt) will be a
decrease in the birth rate. This happened asa result
of the depression of the 30‘s-a clear example of
economic change affecting the ecology of a country.

A second effect will no doubt be a change in the
political attitude of the populace. People will be fed
up with the Nixon -Agnew-Cornings of America.
This may open the country to some interesting
possibilities- the adoption of an economic system
that acknowledges that it is a part of of every man
(which automatically implies the well-being of the
environment).

What a system like that would look like. I will not
even venture to guess; but this is what the
economists of the world had better develop. Some
are on the right path. One economist from Cornell
has been developing a model of an economy based
on stability, not growth. That's a start. Will it take
Watt’s envisioned twin d isasters. wh ere 50.000
people will die at once, before something is done?
Let's hope that it will not take complete disasters to
convince economists-and especially politicians-that
in reality economies are an integral part of the

ecosystem. Tobin-FLUSH YOU.

Home Front: Whence Have

All the Soldiers Come?

 

  
 

 

 

WSUA’s Side of the Story

 

 

The Prosecution

 

 

We graduated from Albany State
in June. 1970. We were both
Resident Assistants during our
senior year. and we are both
undergoing active duty in the
United States Army for a local
National Guard unit.

With these credentials. it would
be easy to write us off as pigs or
cop-outs. In some ways. we are.
We joined the Guard to avoid the
draft, and in so doing, two other
young men may be drafted. my go
to Vietnam or wherever Nixon
decides to have a war, and may
die.

And possibly, some day in the
near future, we may be back on
the SUNYA campus, not as
students, but as soldiers. dressed
in olive drab. carrying loaded
rifles and tear gas cannisters, face
to face and at war with people we
went to school with.

it would be very easy to end
here by saying that the military is
a tremendous waste of human
resources, and should be changed.
weakened. or eliminated. But we
have seen, heard, and experienced
too many things that should be
told to others. so that when they
have to choose to go or not to go.
their decision can be made based
partially on what has hap pened to
u

s.
The eight Weeks of basic combat
training are sup posed to turn an
American of any race or
nationality, from any region, with
any intelligence level. into a
soldier.

professional ready,

      

willing, and able to do anything to
protect our glorious nation.
Needless to say, the army often
fails. it has succeeded only in
further radicalizing us and many
others.

If the war in Indochina is being
de-csculated, the Army doesn‘t
know about it. We've heard over
and over that what we are taught
“will help us when we get to
Nam." This doesn’t really provide
motivation for learning to
Guardsmen and Reservists. but for
the druftees and enlistees.
otherwise known as cannon
fodder. it must all seem like a
combination of fright and fantasy.

There are seventeen-and
-eighteen-ycar-old children here.
not far removed from cowboys
and lndians and still into war
comics, and soon some will have
died to “keep America strong."
Why? There is no answer. We have
done many things that we
wouldn‘t have dreamed of doing
two months ago.

We‘ve fired the M-16 at cute
little targets painted with pictures
of Viet Cong. We've marched into
a room full of CS tear gas, and
then choked, gagged. cried. and
felt our eyes and skin burn.

We've had a bayonet in our
hands and learned to do
movements like the
butt-stroke-to-thegroin and the
smash-and-slash while screaming
“Killll Killll" We've read Jerry
Rubins Do It! on bivouuc.

We've thrown live grenade.

NOW WORLD WIDE!

THE

MAIL

BOX

SUPER DISCOUNT SOUNDS
Lowest overall prices anywhere on 8-track

tapes, cassettes,

8i provocative 8t groovy

posters at super—low discount prices. Speed-
iest delivery 81 completely guaranteed. Send
for our current catalog of selections 8t their
low prices. We have a complete line of rock,
pop, blues, soul, country-western, folk, jazz
classical, gospel 8i soundtrack. For free cata:
log mail your request to:

The Mail

llox. l’.(). llox 24l7

San Francisco. Calif. 94126

  

crawled under machine-gun fire.
and popped salt pills during
sunny days We thought would
never end."

It would be overly dramatic lo

say we have “survived” it all. Our
bodies are stronger, and
fortunately We still have our
minds. And we know. after all of
this, why we hate the Army and
the United States mortI because of
these experiences.
The Army’s bureaucracy is the
“ultimate system." it is
impossible for one man or even a
grou p of men to try to buck the
system and remain untouched.
And the Army. whose mission it is
to destroy the evil forces of
godless Communism. is itself a
communistic so ciety. Everyone
wears the same uniforms, eats the
same meals, sleeps in similar beds
in look-alike barracks. Private
ownership is limited to shoe
polish, stationery. and shaving
cream. And if we do perform well,
we are allowed to go into some
pitiful city to do nothing on a
weekend pass.

But it is not entirely the Army's
fault. If American society lived up
to its promises. it would be worth
going into an army in order to
defend it. True freedom of speech
and assembly. racial
understanding. and environmental
purity are worth protecting. But
America forces children into the
Army, tries to mold them into
killing men, and sends them off in
die for the antithesces of these
ideals.

Well. we have been caught.
indoctrinated, and molded, and
we‘ll be sent back to the Albany
area to protect the "good people"
from the long-haired
foul-mouthed misfits of society.
At least that's what they thing. By
writing this, and by talking to
People when we return. We wlll
try to tell you. whateVer the hell
You do. don't go in the Army. Gel
out of it some wny'sue a draft
counselor. a lawyer. a doctor. Dr
hide. Or go to Canada. 0r stay l“
nllht to end the War and to change
our society by any means
available. until American is worth
wasting and bleeding for. Gel
together, and stay together. We
will be back to help you soon.
Peace. ' '

ll)

by Joel Lustig

As many of you know, the operation and manage-
ment of WSUA Radio has been question ed by
various Central Council representatives. The ques-
tioning has now gone into its ninth week. One
Council member has brought stories of inumerable
scandals, threats, crises and horrifying irregularities
to the ears of those present at Council meetings.
The rhetoric has been quite impressive, but all it has
accomplished is to fog up the simple issues and it
has been used to frighten other Council members
into believing great harm is coming to their consti-
tuents.

The problem. as we see it, stems from certain
"illegal" actions WSUA made during this past
summer. To understand why these irregularities
occured some history is in order.

During last year's budget request period, WSUA
asked for money to move our entire operation
uptown and to buy the needed equipment to send a
good audio signal to all the dorms, both uptown and
downtown. At this time, in our budget negotiations.
we were represented by a Business Manager and a
ChiefEngineer who made some serious mistakes
unknown to the rest of the management of WSUA.
The WSUA Airplane is the famous mistake. The
other mistakes were po or budgeting and bookkeep-
ing practices by the Business Mangager. Both these
individuals are no longer connected with the Radio
STation in any capacity and haven't been since early
May. 1970. As far as the airplane is concerned, it
has been sold.

Also, when we were requesting our budget, Budget
Committee was anticipating that Mandatory Stu~
dent Tax would fail. Before the necessary adjust-
ments in our budget could be made. (to make it
workable in meeting our needs). the strike came and
Central Council was gone for the summer. Shortly
thereafter, our plans to move uptown were killed.
There was a lack of space in the Campus Center and
the West Podium Extension was going to be
completed sooner than everyone thought. WSUA is
now Working with University officials in planning
for studios and offices in this structure.

We met with the President and Vice President of
Student Association. David Neufeld and Mike
Lampert, respectively, on a number of occasions
during the summer and explained our problems to
them, Basically, a number of projects had to be
performed during the summer and our budget (lid
not allow for it. due to the above reasons. We asked
if any emergency actions could come from them
and they said no. They expressed sympathy for ou r
problems bul offered no help. We were told by Mr.
Ncul'cld, to. "Do the best you can." llc also stated
that (loom-II, In his opinion, would probably ap-

prove uu- 'llll'lllill appropriation when it went
back inl.. ll.
The major I will which must be taken into

consideration and understood is that this work had
to be done and could only be done over this past
summer. The only person [but “knew how" was
available only during the summer. Also this type of
work involved hundreds of man hours by mcmb ers
of the station who made arrangements to be in
Albany. with no salary. The projects referred to
above would have cost Student Association thou-
sands of dollars. in labor alone. if it were con tractcd
for. Besides these major projects, there was carpen-
lry (security cages for thc transmitters). cable
laying. the designing and constructng of certain
pn-ri-s of equipment. painting. rewiring of equip
ment and the installation of 2 transmitters. This was
tlu- most ambitious summer program WSUA ever
utlemptcd and we accomplished it. As proof. there
is a clear audio signal in practically every suite and
room Ull campus. Concerning the
forged purchasi- orders. they were mostly for
engineering supplies, and had the permission and
knowledge of Stnlion Manager Keith Mann.

. , .
In no way (lid we steal or misuse (my student

monies nor did we gain any personal advantages
from our actions.

This year our programming schedule has been
drastically shortede from last years' 20—22 hours
per day to the current l2-l6 hours per day. Why'.’
fin-cause Ll‘lt' majority of the staff made arrange
ments last year to Me on the new campus. with the
undi. holding that the station would be there too.
WI' simply do not have the personnel to sign-on at
the usqu (i run. any longer. with the station being
downtown. WSUA is the only student group on the
downtown campus. Evurything happens Uptown
and the vast. majority of people are Uptown during
the day. With Campus Center room 316 we'll be
able to be on lhc air 24 hours a day. 7 days a week.

 

WSUA feels that for the amount of'inqplqy‘qtudqntsig

pay in taxes they deserve this.

Unfortunately we haven't been able to implement
these plans. This is because.Council refuses to pass
the supplemental appropriation of $22,000. The
bulk of this is needed so that we can equip room
316 and get on with the task of being on the air 24
hours a day.

Certain individuals on Council are now claiming
that the management of WSUA is untrustworthy
and irresponsible—because of this summers‘ bad
doings. During the past 8 wasteful weeks we have
been investigated. We have amended our constitu-
tion and have acted in complete good faith Without
allowing these external problems get in the way of
WSUA 's performance.

We have carried all Great Dane Football games.
some at persondl expense, ran the Pete Jones
campaign to involve students in a worthy com-
munity cause, and tonight, Election Night. we will
be providing the only coverage aimed at SUNYA
students. We have trained and put to work about 50
new members to the station and have provided
news, information and entertainment regularly to
on-campus students. In light of everything, I don't
call that irresponsible.

On the other hand, Council has prevented any
progress we can be making. Some representatives
have used mud-slinging techniques to smear the
station's prestige. especially with people we will
have to work with in planning the new studios in
the West Podium Extension and especially in going
FMStcreo. WSUA will need assistance. advice and
goodwill from the office of Management and Plan-
ning. the University Center for Educational Com-
mu nications. the Plant Department. and the Campus
Center staff. The news which spreads can only leave
a bad taste in peoples“ mouths for many years
regardless of who manages WSUA. i don't exactly
think this is in the best interest of the student body
or WSUA.

Our attackers are now demanding the resignation
of our entire Executive Committee. When they were
asked, who these people were or what departments

they head. our opponents claimed this was irrele<
vunl. and were unable to mime more than one or
two! Some of our opponents haVc never been down
to our studios or offices. others not for the last 2
years. They have not taken the time to see exactly
whal we have accomplished‘ whether our operation
is good or bad. They have in no way- tried to help
the station grow and improve.

They claim, that in good conscience. they cannot
approve a supplemental appropriation with the
presenl management in office. Yet. they claim they
are willing if a new management comes forth. Have
they in good cunscicncu tried to find out Whnl is
involved in running a radio station 7 (lays a week,

Continued on page 3

by JeffreyWassemran

It was a once persecuted man that on occasion stated, i can
resist everything except temptation. To this bit of
philosophy WSUA might think of adding, never allow
yourself to be led astray into the path of' virtue.

Oh no less than three separate occasions the management
of WSUA has been explicitly warned against any future
violations concerning the ﬁnancial affairs of the station.
After each of these warnings. the management of the station
has continued to show an acute lack of common sense and
responsibility. One would think that after forging several
Student ." ' “ -n L , after i. -" _ several
lines of their budget, after the pu rchase of th e now famo us
WSUA airplane, and after several embarassing moments at
Central Co uncil meetings. that the management of WSUA
would finally resign and allow new people to take over the
running of the station. App arently, the present management
of WSUA is not really concerned about developing and
running aggood radio station; they are having too much fun
playing “corrupt politician. "

My anger is no longer focused on the “gang” that runs
WSUA; it is now aimed at the one bod y which has allowed
the management of WSUA to act. in such an abhorrent
manner: Central Council.

At last Thursday‘s council meeting. WSUA’s supplemental
budget request for $22,000 almost passed Council on a
majority of abstentions. Regardless of the need for
developing the caliber of radio station that a large university
requires, a clear majority of council could not in good
conscience hand over an additional $22,000 to the present
management of WSUA. However, neither did they have the
backbone to vote against it and take an important stand at
th is time. Only some highly dubious and unique
parliamentary procedures eventually defeated the WSUA
budget request.

The blame for the WSUA “Crisis” should be placed on the
shoulders of several Central Council members; on the
President of Student Association. - ho at times forgets that
he is also a member of Coun cil obligated to take a stand and
to come forth with any relevant information that he may
possess; on those members of Council who get elected so
that they can perpetually abstain from voting; on those who
do “whitewash” reports to cover for the incompetent; and
on those members of Council who have “rubber” backbones
and are more concerned with playing political games than
arriving at equitable decisions. This is the type of behavior
that can only serve to cllicit contempt from the student
body towards an organization that app ropriates $4 00,000 of
its money to various student groups.

The WSUA "crisis" has proven once again the need for
reforming our whole system of student government. The
management of WSUA. Centrin Council‘s own prodigal son,
has exemplified that fact.

Experience is the name, Oscar Wilde once stated. that
people give to their mistakes. Let us hope that both WSUA
and Central Council have learned from their past experience.

 

 

Central Council and WSUA

 

 

by Tom Chugan

Central Council last week (ch
fcnted an additional appropriation
to WSUA of $22,l~16,4:l. l scri»
oust question whether anyone.
even those on Council. knows
exucLly why.

When this appropriation came
up originally, some members of
Council questioned its validity.
but in the final analysis, and faced
with the opinion of professional
engineers, the opposition changed
from financial to personal. The
chief opponent of this nppropria~
tion, Jeff Wasscrman. went so far
15 to endorse the proposal,
provided that it (lid not go to the
current management of the Stu-
tion. The bill (lied. then, because
of personality conflicts. rather
than for financial reasons. or con-
cern ()Vcr \vhcrc lhl' money would
go.

i could be argued that WSUA. are
presently managed, might mis-
spend the appropriation, were it
not for cerlnin precautions
ﬂirt'ﬂdy i" U/fel‘l which would
prevent this. Payment for all bills
must now go through an outside
adviser. a duplicate set of books

will bargain WM. affirm (in. .....  . ..
the tl

station now consuls WI 1

Mike Lampcrt. S.A. Vice Presi-
dent. before any major purchases.
There is no way the station can
misspcnd the money.

The budget is sound, and con-
trol is fixed now on all WSUA
expenditures. Why, then. the de-
fcut'.’

The answer is one of philosir
phy. WSUA. for each of its errors.
was brought before two commit-
toes of Council. I chaired both.
and each time recommendations
were made and implemented by
Council and the station has fol-
lowed them Word for word in
nearly all cases. But last week.
half of the Council who took a
stand argued that the station's
management was unworthy of the
funds needed to keep the station
going. ’l‘liey followed a negiitivist
philosophywthut WSUA has not
done anything to prove itself
worthy of additional money. but
has made sortie financial mistakes.
This is a poor philosophy to apply
to this case. On the positive side.
significant improvements have
been made technically in the
quality of transmission. The three
uptown quads can receive the
station as. well as most other AM

sntions—rln many cases. better.

There has also been an improve-
ment in programming. WSUA has
broadcast ALL Club Football
games. including a live broadcast
of the Towson State game despite
the distance (over 400 miles).
WSUA aired several programs
about Pete Jones' fight to feed the
ghetto children of Albany—and
sponsored Pete's appearance here
last week. And WSUA will be the
only station in the area with
reporters at ALL major campaign
headquarters both in Albany and
New York tonight.

in the face of all this effort and
achievement it seems rather short-
sighted to crush WSUA by fiscal
strangulation.

Positivism and confidence in
une‘s fellow students has been
Council's philosophy in the past
or organizations such as the Foot-
lnill Club. Black Ensemble. and
the Free School would never have
been funded. Holding buck on
money until a group fails to per-
form for the luck of it is an
example of circular reasoning with
a dead and. it's time Council rose
above—personal politics and vicious
rhetoric in its obligation to pro'
vide effective communication

' Wit'liin‘the' University ' community.

  

