      

  

(
l
l
t

t
l
t
l

s.,p~.m..-.’—.r\.m ,. , .. ..

  

 

 

 

' '  the outset, let’s    Victorian about it; we're trying to

 

 

finance, ‘reieuch.’ and build ,a new ecologically feasible town. First
thin-where any on. w. are thelbeneeser Howard Project and

ludned Commith of- Student Association. What we're trying to do

"isn't very simple, but let us esplsln. .

The time Is right for developing: and constructing new > towns.
Various states, and private corporations, not, to be sure, out of any
mother instincts. have built or are building new towns; most of them
are old towns in new clothing. While it may be true that these new
towns have better transportation schemes, (a rare phenomenon).
cleaner sewage systems (a real rarity as pricele- u Monet), or more
perks, few new towns have a conception of social values antisocial
relationships envisioned by urban planners going back to the time of
the Greeks. New types of social relationships aren’t explored, nor
mumptions reached. before they're implemented under crisis pressure
(day care centers, community control of schools, community control
of the community, and on up the escalation ladder). '

When we talk of new towns, We have to talk about ecology. It is no
longer desirable of practical to develop infrastructures (a la SUNYA
sewage) and industrial systems (Tobin waste) which are wasteful of
natural resources, despoil the environment and poison us. New towns
shouldl be the staging pound for innovative (less destructive and

  
  

 
 

 

.i, _._ I“

 

',.. 

'nfrntructure methods of recycling, and solid waste disposal
5:332:11 giving gsrbdge to the local equivalent of the Mafia). Vrhut
better location for trying new system Is there than a new town? .

Usually, the large potentials for education In the process of
designing, constructing, and running the‘new towns are excluded on
behalf of efficiency. We believe the process surrounding any new town
provides an excellent educational ecperience for students and. ulti-
mater the inhabitants of the new town. Such an education will be
technical (a return to the old apprenticeship) and general. .

So (stands for therefore, a summary deVIce taught only by Rhetoric
and Public Address) we are proposing developing a new town in the
Tri-City (Greater. Albany) area, which will attempt to develop
different (in the sense of diverse, not simply perverse) forms of
community relations and utilize the most effective innovative tech-

10 ‘es.

“(Th5I object (non-lnformationaily, in other words here is the brickbst

of this exposition. We need students to help-metaplan, assemble

resources, and develop a new town. Academic credit Is available (up to
. e k to us:

15 hrs. a semen”) SP a Tom Littleﬁeld 7-8424

Doug Goldschmidt 7-4938

7-5028

 

bargaining agent.

plcte, talks bcgin. Right?
Wrong?

that you feel you deserve.

more every week.
For at SUNY professional, the

 

Collective
Bargaining
Unproiessional...

Collective bargaining is a way of life today. Whether you're a
machinist or a mathematician, you‘re probably not gomg to get
what you want wilhout negotiating for it through an experienced

Before collective bargaining begins, the union head draws up a
list of demands to be presented to the employer. Once the list is com-

That‘s the way it works in most groups. CSEA works differently.
Our members determine their own priorities. Your fellow profes-
sionals will be at the bargaining table along with experienced CSEA
negotiators carving out the beneﬁts, working conditions and salaries

And who knows better what's right for you, than you? ‘ I

CSEA experience at the bargaining table and effective action in
the legislature is a great combination to have gomg for you. We owe
no allegiance to any out-of—statc hierarchy. We currently rcprcscnt
30,000 professionals working for New York State —— and are adding

organization that gich you freedom of choice, your own local chap-
ter, and your own local ofﬁcers —— elected by you to carry out your
wishes. Votc (‘SEA —- the logical choice. . I I
Oh yes. there's nothing unprofessional about collective bargaining
-— but be .mrc you have a professional to help you. That's CSEA.

...ior a SUNY
Professional?

Vote CSEA-uthe logical choice.

choice should be simple. Join the

 

 

       

:W
HUDSON rm

 

 

cmtoc 25c refundable.

RECORD SIIACK IERICIIO,N.Y.l1153
BECOME A TRUTHOLOGIST;
st: in Illll' 'nu lull.) in i illllilIIII Wilti'

ollmnt I|lll.||l'.lt| |II lllllti.|li Iu-lm

TRUTH" min ‘.l‘ll(l 'lil (ill to

TUESDAY, DECEMBER ,8, 1970

  
  
   
   
   

 

   

 

 
  
    
    
     
   

 

   

.szz'eéﬁuos
M LINE
TKKET OFEKE

Midi

  

   
    
 

      
   
  
  
    
   
 
   
   
  
    
     
  
    
  
  

 

   
  
  
    
  
    
  
 

A'A AVA
...r:: a
"3‘s .3
7

W "
Illl " I
4. A ‘ k
in s. 453330;.

   
    
 
    
  
  
  

5 6} ﬂ?  i
‘ jaw.“ 0191‘

   
 

     
  
     

   
   
 

 

  
 

   
 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
     
   
 
    
     
     

  
   

45 RPM RECORDS
Dept.A

     
  

  

  

 
 
 
   

ll'rllll .i Iii-w ‘illl'lltl‘ IIMI uni il‘

   
  

.Iltlt liIi iiitiuilmlniy IW'iiiliIio

Ililllllllllil .I "FORMULA FOR

 

   
   
     
  
   
   

ltiilliiilntjy_ lilll (ii-litml Avi' , l\l
Il-llly, N.Y. IY'Jllli Illllllllillltjv Is
.I si‘ioiii u, not .i ivliqiiui) /\
VI l'lll II IUI UGISI III’ ALB “)1 I)
LOGIC/\l’ Illl 1:1. III:NCIES. SI'IIU
iistli. Illllllliv invltial.

   

 
 

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1970

M

by Joe Welch .

  

ALBAN Y STUDENT PRESS

v.1 me

A Look Beyond the/Slogans

An ASP Feature

It has been seven months since the tragedy
occurred which took the lives of four fellow
students'at Kent State. Since then a myth has grown
up aboutvthe incident, a myth which has neither
been inaccordance with the facts nor helped to
quiet an already ugly student temperament toward
society.

This myth, in its more extreme forms,runs tliusly:
At. bucolic Kent State University, ii group of
frustrated. angry students (just like you or i)
protested their country's actions in Cambodia. ’I‘licir
dissent was stifled; their rights were ignored; their
campus was invaded by the National Guard, who
with slight provocation fired on the students, killing
four of them (all of whom were innocent bystaan-
ers).

This conception of what happened at Kent has led
to a wave of resentment from students across the
nation. It. is still responsible for much hostility
among students today. How much of it is based on
fact, we shall now see.

Conditions at the Kent State campus during the
academic year 1968-69 had been so violent as to
warrant investigation by the House of Representzr
tives’ Committee on Internal Security on June
24-26, 1969. The probe founds SDS “hard core"
strength at Kent. State to be between 15 and 25
members, with another 150 to 200 students attend
ing meetings and demonstrations. From this base of
student radicals, Kent State was continuously faced
with disruption through the Fall 1968 and Spring
1969 semesters,

On April 16 violence came, as campus radicals
were determined to disrupt disciplinary procedures
taken by the UniVersity after a disruptiva demon-
stration the week before. On the 16th, about 100
radicals converged on the disciplinary hearings held
by the student judicial council. ’I‘hey stormed
through two sets of chained and locked doors by
using such devices as u seven-foot bar. SDS support-
ers were halted finally by Universitv police. At this
confrontation radicals thrciitcncd to kill thcpolico.

Also of interest is a speech made by Yippic leader
Jerry Rubin to an audience of 1,500 students at
Kent State. To this audience, one month before the
shootings, Rubin fulminaniitcd: “Until you pcuplt’
are prepared to kill your parents you aren't ready
for the rcvolution...TIic American school sychm
will be ended in two years. We arc going to bring it
down. Quit. being students. Become criminals. we
hich to disrupt cvcry institution and break every
law...Do you people want ii diploma or to take this

3..

school over and use it. for your own purposes?...lt’s
quiet here now, but things are golng to start again."

Things were to start again in May. We can see
fromthe above that Kent State was not a "quiet
Midwestern Campus"; nor was the rhetoric of
Vice-President Agnew the incitement ot riot. Now
we shall examine the killings themselves and what
preceded them.

On May 2, 1970 the initial violence occurred. On
that day Kent State students burned the local
ROTC building, set fire to the school‘s archery shed,
attacked firemen ﬁghting the ﬁres, chopping their
firc lioscs with axes, rampaged through town threat-
ening local merchants that they would further
damage their stores if they did not post anti-war
signs in their windows, intimidated passing motor
ists, and vandalized private planes at a local airport.
That. evening the Guard was dispatched to Kent.
They were stoned by the mob upon entering Kent.

On May 4th, the date of the killings, students
assembled on the University common inviolation of
a directive issued by the University Vice-President, in
Charge of Student Affairs. The crowd was ordered
to disperse several times but did not do so. Tear gas
was used against the crowd, but was ineffective due
to wind direction and velocity. The Guard, believing
that their supply of tear gas was exhausted (later
one grenadier of tear gas was found to have a small
amount still in it) then began to retreat toward
Taylor Hall. The crowd bccnme increasingly hostile.
To the chant “Kill, Kill" and the usual stream of
obscenitics, tlic Guardsmen were pelted with ii
barrage of missiles. Of the 74 Guardsmen tthcrc that
day, 58 werc injured by these projectiles. James
Young, a Kent State student and an eyewitness to
tho incident, commented: "The Guardsmen were
surrounded, endangered. People were throwing
stones and sticks; tear gas used against them would
liaVc been ineffective. If the Guardsmen tried
ﬁghting their way through, these people would have
niiiulcd them." Many of thc Guardsmen were
knocked to the ground by the force of the blows
they suffered. Students were observed carrying
rocks in sucks to the confrontation. Others brought
gas masks to the scene.

As the Guard reached the Lop of Taylor Hall hill,
they became surrounded by the mob, which num-
bcrcd 2,000 students, approximately 500 to 600 of
which were incendiary militants Some members of
the crowd charged the Guard in a menacing manner.
then a volley rang out.

Four students were killed; clcvcn others worc
wounded. Whether a shot had first been fired by

 

A id To
Pakistan

.__’
TOM Ruoues

   

someone other than the Guard is still not known for
sure. It has been reported that. one of the bullets
taken from one of the wounded students came from
u non-military weapon. Later many guns were found
after a search of the campus. Whether this was the
case or not, it is not difficult to see why the
Guardsmen fired. To see the incident. as a pre-
meditated act of homicide is the view ofa hopeless
ideologue. As the Portage County Grand Jury
found, the Guard "ﬁred their weapons in the honest
and sincere belief that they would suffer serious
bodily injury had they not done so."

Much criticism has been leveled at this Grand
Jury. Yet its report on Kent State is well-reasoned
and factual. According to Ohio Attorney General
Paul W. Brown “every witness with first hand
knowledge of the situation was subpoenaed." It was
much more comprehensive, he said, than the
so-czilled FBI or Justice Department Reports onthe
same subject. Brown stated also that critics of the
Grand Jury did not understand “procedures used in
presenting evidence to a grand jury." It. should also
be noted that the Grand Jury found that the Guard
should not have been deployed to clear the com-
mons since they would be “placed in an untenable and
dangcrous position." It also recommended that
“Non-lethal weapons more appropriate in con-
nection with campus disorders should be made
available to the National Guard in the future,"
although it still maintained that. “Guardsmen should
still be furnished with weapons that. will afford
them the necessary protection under existing con-
ditions.”

The picture I have presented is sure to offend
some readers, It. will come as a rude shock to realize
that a clicrished belief is built on a gossamer basis,
and tlnita I'alsc picture has been created to serve
partisan nccds. Yet there comes ti time when the
facts must be presented, a time when the wounds
must. begin to heal.

 

 

by Bob Kanarek

 

In the light. of the recent disus-
tcr in East Pakistan, muny collcgc
cumpuscs throughout the country
have made substantial donations
to aid the survivors of the flood.

Sycd Jtifri, the President of tlic — REN \Ul—T
International Student Associa- __ pEUGEOT
Lion, and a native of Pakistan, has

expressed his deep disiippoint- “ JAGUAR

ment towards SUNY/Vs reaction
to the tragedy.

The Pakistan Studan Associa-
tion and tho Intcrniilional Stu-
dans Association distributed over
2000 fliers appealing to the fiiciil-
ly, student body and iidministrir
tion for donations. IL was soon

DOMESTIC AND IMPORTED CARS BOUGHT AND SOLD

OVERSEAS DELIVERY ARRANGED

 

 

cvidcnt, liochcr, that Albany

 

would not act cvcn in the face of
cholera and other fiitul dist-uses
which threaten the remainder of
Pakistan's population.

Julri wonders if anyone has
even tried to imagine the imnicdi-
iitc needs of ii country where as
many as 100,000 people liiivc
been killed by the tidal wnvv.
“Many people can't coriccivc this
fact," suid Jiifri.

The time for meaningful and
construct.ch action is now!
SUNYA has often been ii credit
to society by opening its purses,
wallets, trcusurics iind liciirls Iu
humﬂ" suffering. Donations are
urgently nouried and will be glad-
ly accepted at tho Inlcriiulioii
Student Office (CC329), or may
be sent to the Pakistan Student
Association, 572 Myrtle Avenue,
Albany, New York, 12208.

 

 

HUDSON

ABORTION REFERRAL
d- COUNSELLING SERVICE
Amn emtnii made for all mealcal s y M‘
culol cll tervlcu. Counselling svels Is

Completely coniidentia.
tor "lute csmultstlsn. lot. (It!) 1II~73I2
24 HOUR SERVICE

 

 

IMPORTED CAR CENTER     -
'r
FACTORY AUTHORIZED SALES - PARTS - SERVICE -:     ’71
COMPLETE COLLISION SERVICE - FACTORY TRAINED TECHNICIANS .I'
— LOTUS — M6 I-
—- AUSTIN AMERICA '
—- FIAT — TRIUMPH JANUARY -
' ' 23, 23 Cool Hand Lukc

2‘), 30 Alicc's Restaurant

 

 

 

: FEBRUARY .
482-4413 NIGHT TOW’NG “3‘57”  5,0 Shoes of lllt.‘ l’islicrman“
949 CENTRAL AVE. ALBANV- N- V 'K’ 12, 13 2001: A Spacc Odyssey” 
 1‘), 20 l’opi .
'K' 20, 27 Bullitl '
SKI TRIP TO AUSTRIA t me"
E 5, (i open
January 1 - January 16  '2 V“’" M“
only $285.00 K- 13 l-‘iniiin's Rainbow”
Includes: : 1‘) Lion‘s 1 ovc .
*l‘lighl l'ioin NY to Munich to NY - 20 Supporl Yoiii Local Slicrilf
*Bus Munich/Bad (laslcni/Munich I ' 20 The Heart Is a Lonely Hunter .
*Ilotcl (double rooms)-sing1cs on request . 27 The Ame,” Minded professor :
*Iircaklast Daily .  APRIL .
*Dmiici lot Isl scvcn days '6’ 17 Las, Summer -
"l’rcc entrance to Gambling (‘asino - 23' 24 Butch Cussidy & me Sundanw Kid
"Iircc cnlrancc to Hot Springs  30 Planet of the Apes
*Ski pro to assrst you : MAY .
*All gratuities and taxes 1 The Sund Pebbles. '
Sponsored by Albany State Ski Club - . '
For more information, contact: . All films at 7:308. 10:00 sitcom: . M 7:30 am,
Robcri Burstein - " It 78- 10 Pm
DB 107.2 - All films shown In LC 7 exclpl Feb. 5,3,12. 8s 13 In LC 18
. Cllptuh ol IIIIS schedule am available each weekend at the movies 7
Indian Quad . rowan EAST CINEMA l5 SPONSORED av STATE QUAD 1
 1 . I a a I I a a I a a a a I a I I I I I I

 

 

 

  

