    

,.~,k LWM’,\,—”V\A .. NWA_WW

    
   
  
   
    
   
      
    
   

 

   
   
  
   
  
  

r..-><<M-v‘\..~.,,’—  . .

  

"rm-unr‘I-VF" mu,“ w.‘ _- _

 

PAGE 12

The Philosophy of Student Power

I. PHYSICS

Power is derived from the people: the people
possess the power. Therefore, the students possess
political power at the decision-making level; no one
has to give them this power because no one could
ever have taken such power from them. Therefore,
the only issue is the use of this power.

It is, quite frankly, possible that an attempt
might be made by another group within the
university structure to unlawfully prevent the stu-
dents from lawfully using the power they possess
(by automatic right as stated above) for whatever
ends this first group might have (political power
being defined as a means to an end; in the case of
the university, that end being the kind and quality
of education offered at that university).

The specific issue at this university is the problem
that has arisen by the conscious decision on the part
of one particular group within this university to
forcibly (through intimidation and lies) prevent the
students from exercising their right ofa voice and a
vote at the decision making levels, the intention of
this above-mentioned, but unnamed, group to exer—
cise all power themselves, power by them being
defined as an end, the and itself to control,
manipulate. direct, and dictate the lives ofstudents
as academic participants within the university com-
munity.

This is in specific violation of the acknowledged
right ofstudents to have an equal say in determining
the kind and quality of education that they pay for
this acknowledged right being, of course, only one
phase of the students' inviolable “power” as mem-
bers of the university community. As this power
cannot be taken from the students, the attempt by
the above- mentioned, but unnamed, group to
thwart them from the legitimate use of this power is
in direct violation of the “natural” laws under
which a university functions as a peaceful com-
munity.

As the above-mentioned group is the administra-
tion, and as that group has assumed, through its
illegal actions, the dominant position of power in
the university community, thereby threatening the
security and jeopardizing the rights of the students
it is entirely within the right of the students to
demand that the administration recognize the reali-
ties of student power or else suffer the con-
sequences of a political revolution that might
utterly remove the administration from all decision-
making levels (within the university) as a groups
possessing real political power of any amount
whatsoever, equal or otherwise,

ll. METAPHYSICS

The system by which the university community
allows for participation of all groups in the exercise
of political power is democracy. The specific form
of democracy might be summarized as equality of
interest. The three primary groups whose interests
are noted as equal (at the decision-making level) are
the students, the faculty, and the administration.

Under the American system, it is believed that.
institutions must be run in such a manner that they
achieve the maximum efficiency For the univer-
sity, maximum efficiency is defined as providing the
best in quality and the moat stimulating in kind of
education that can possibly be provided;obviously,
it is necessary that I further extend this statement
to declare that the education is to be provided for
the students, for whom the institution of the
university was created.

The state university system is funded by the
people of the state as a whole. Therefore, the
legislature of the state has in their laws provided for
maximum efficiency by stipulating as a requirement
in the management of state universities the hiring of
a group known collectively as "the administration."

By virtue of thtI law, both the students and the
faculty haVc acknowledged the necessity of the
administration for the purposes of coordinating the
managerial details of the university and, in lieu of
the demands of state law. have guaranteed the
administration the right of exercising some, possibly
an equal. share in the exercise of political powur at,
the decision- making level.

The students are one political group. The faculty
are the group who are hired specifically for llic
purpose of teaching, that is, providing an education
for the students. The faculty, than, also posscss a
“natural right" to cxcrclsc power in the manncr
stated above. However. the administration does not

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

possess this natural right; it is a granted right. a
condition of the state legislature in return for state
monies to permit the state university to exist at all.

Nevertheless, it is custom and tradition that
the administration's share of power be equal to
those shares exercised separately and independently
by the faculty and the students. A practical ration-
ale for this custom is that under such a system, the
adminstration may act as a "reasonable" check
upon the abuses of power by the faculty and-or the
students when either or both groups threaten to use
their power in a manner which would jeopardize
their financial support from the state, specifically
the legislature.

However, the administration at this university
consciously and eagerly sought to prevent the
students from using their power under the pretext
that the sludcnls lacked the proper experience
within the university to use such power (whose end,
of course, is to determine the kind and quality of
education offered at this university).

This rationalization was willingly accepted by the
sci-called lower-echelon administration (the depart
ment chairmen, deans of divisions, schools, and
colleges) who, in the manner of the theatre-absurd
dictators in Orwell's [98-] wished to exercise power
over both the faculty and undergraduate majors
within their departments (divisions, schools or
colleges) simply for the sake of using the power and
to no constructive or productch ends (as that end
described above towards which political power at
the decision-making level in the university is intende
ed to lead).

It is in the interests of neither the faculty nor the
students to permit such a situation to continue any
longer. The administration must acknowledge that
their existence, despite even state law, is at the
whim of the collective desires of the two primary
groups noted above; students come to the university
for an education and, once having achieved and
received their diploma (which is the legal proof of
that fact) leave; faculty who are able to prove their
worth after an evaluation of their abilities in
teaching by th ir students and their capabilities in
research by tneir peers are granted tenure; an
administrator who fails to work lawfully within the
democratic power structure of the university com-
munity cart be dismissed at any time.

If the administration naively continues to indi-
cate their unwillingness to permit the students to
exercise their equal share in the political manage-
ment (at the academic level) of the university, the
administration risks a revolution by both the faculty
(who will no longer accept as feasible restraints on
their “natural” right to the exercise of political
power, in return for which the administration has
permitted even them a token voice and vote at the
decision-making levels, primarily at the expense of
student power, thus permitting the ghastly spectacle
of seeing faculty and students in contention in the
past when their interests haVc always been so
niulually allied) and the students.

The unsubtlc result could be the complete re-
moval of the administration from the arena of
political power, which action could lead to a
lcgislativc halt in funds by virtue of the argument
that this revolution in the power structure of the
university community would be a violation ofstatc
law.

The administration is not hired to (lcslruy the
university by intimidating either the faculty or the
students to violate state law. The administration is
hired to prcscruc the operation of both state and
“natural” laws as both function to oversee the
pcuccl'ul and equal usc of political powur by all
three primary groups at all the decision-mnking
levels of this university‘s power struclure,

III. ETHICS

Power is not the pursuit. of intellectuals. and is
too serious a gamc for dreamers. l have discussed
lhc source of student powm' and discovered it to lie
in ccrlain inviolablc “nalural” laws which operate
within the unchrsily community. I haVc discusle
the system of governance on this campus and
discovered that thc powvr structure contains cqual
elements of the faculty, students. and :ulminlstra
lion at all (lucisiotrmuking lcvcls l will now liccomc
practical: I will discuss the use of student power at
this university.

The basic issue hcrc is the tram of studcnt pchr

FRIDAY, MARCH 20, 1970

by Robert B. Cutty

The administration is opposed to the students
exercising their right as a political body on this
campus to share equally in the decision-making
process. Why?

One year ago, former President Collins an-
nounced to the university community that he would
no longer be president after the conclusion of the
spring semester. Within several weeks, the Board of
Trustees announced that then-Vice~President for
Academic Affairs Kuusisto, appointed to his post
just that year, would serve as the acting President
until a search committee chosen from the three
primary groups of the University could select a new
president.

Why was Kuusisto chosen? Precisely because
because he was such a new appointee to the
administration; the University Council had definite
reservations about the other leading choices (within
the University administration), among whom were
Vice-President for Student Affairs Thorne and Dean
of the College of Arts rind Sciences Perlmu tter.

Why Kuusisto't Many people believe, and the
presumption is certainly a safe one to make, that
Collins himself had recommended Kuusisto before
the University Council as an excellent acting presi-
dent Collins had guided every single “social”
treformi (as alcohol on campus, no women's hours.
etc.) before a publicly skeptical (if not privately
hostile) body of men and women who, by virtue of
state law have final authority over all change at this
university (the only appeal being to the Board of
Trustees of SUNY, the Chancellor the Commis-
sioner of Education, and the Governor: I personally
find this list so incredible as to be side-splittineg
hilarious).

But what was the cffect of Collin's resignation
on the university community as a whole? All three
primary groups saw the appointment of Kuusisto as
acting president as a signal to them to consolidate
their political power

It is frequently believed that Kuusisto inspired
the idea, first formulated as a working policy ofthe
faculty and administration last year, that students
be directly involved at the decision-making levels:
departmental, college, and school tenure commit-
tees, Faculty Senate and its committees and coun-
cils‘, and the Council on Student Conduct. This
prtsumption is also reasonable to make since as
Vice-President of Academic Affairs, Kuusisto had
been hired by Collins specifically to implement
academic reforms involving students, all “social”
reforms having been achieved under Theme.

The main bulk of academic reforms are listed in
another article in this paper which excerpts perti-
nent sections from Dean Perlmuttcr's report of
three years ago, written originally to suggest new
directions in education for this university to prog-
ress to. Both the faculty and the administration
endorsed this report as policy.

In three years, Perlmuttcr has seen this report
come to nothing: it has been completely ignored by
the department chairmen beneath him who see
academic reform as a threat to their exercise of
power and not as a means to providing the best
education for students. Department chairmen are
commonly known as “lower-echelon" admini-
strators; they are not even chosen by their own
faculty: their appointments must be approved by
the upper-echelon administration.

I reiterate that the administration consciously
chose to prevent the students from using their
lawful right of pwer. I state further that the section
of the tulministrntion who are to be singled out. for
this charge arc the department chairmen.

lt is a frightening co-incidcnce that, beginning in
the academic year 1968-65) and conlinuing for three
years. virtually all the departments of this university
will be headed by new chairmen. l state this fact in
light of the observed political behavior of depart
mcnl chairmen in interaction against (definitely not
with) both their faculty and their majors.

The department chairmen entering this university
power structure have willfully chosen to block the
[unit and most important (because it will lead to all
lhc others in Pcrlinuttcr's report) academic rcform,
lhc thrcc (lcnuiuds of (Tl-utrnl Council, lit-cause if
studcnls can l'rccly exercise their power of an cqual
voice and volc in all university community govcru-
nncc decisions, they will, quite obviously, deny the
dcpartnmnt chairmen the right to play cynical
{tunes with thteir f‘uturcs, Ichs and careers.

' on page l0

 

 

to
send the Albany Sludnl l’ruu back
to Hometown. U.5. .
be dlsownuo and for “to reduced
rate at only $2.00 (Hull's a buck (ill
the ritual). Stniply write or drop by
ol‘dCampus Cantor llle to place the
r or.

UE IN YOUR I'OLKS
whats lianpuntug on caumus

ou,loo, tan

 

 

Noun or woes .
China-American actuarial For further information Call:
mmu‘m Paul Lieberman 457-3018
223 Central An.
“"1". Sponsored by Kappa Beta Fraternity

ALL UNIVERSITY CLOTHING DRIVE FOR THE SQUIH END
Monday, March 16 thru Tuesday March 24

Depository boxes in Lower Lounges of Residences,
Campus Center 84 Administration Building

 

 

UNIVERSITY SENATE and the Class of ’73

ElECllllllS

March 23. 24. and 25
from 11 nmto 5 pm

in Campus Center above Cafeteria

ID and tax card required

 

 

 

 

 

   
  
  
 

 
  

l
i
l
l
i
i
i
i
l
g,


 

 

“4:313. “TILT: " arse-L. . move...“

is:

  
 
 

   
 



      
   
    

  

 

 

 

Vol. [VII No. l3

 

State

 

 

 

FIRE!

Firs broke out on the 14th floor of Eastman Tower at about 11:30 last night. The dorm was soon «counted and six
fire engine: on the scene brought the blue under control. However, residents above the 9th floor were not allowed luck
Into the tower.

Flames shot out of the balding and were visible from Livingston Tower. Glass shattered all over the mud, causing
H.A.s to clear the quad to avold accidents to students watching from below.

The cause of the tire remains unknown. One at the girls in whose suite the blaze began related that she had been
talking on the phone when the alarm went off and sew llama from one of the bedroom: Is she Mt.

Other residents of the dorm had no trouble leaving the tower. although they reported smelling smoke. They also
noted that the tower was well-experienced In such emergencies since this was their 14th flu drlll of the year.

so Yorli at Albany

 
 

Friday. April l0. I970

 

Sunken Gardens,
Motel Housing,
and Passover

by Carol Hughes

Sunken gardens, motel housing,
and closing school for Passover
were among the topics discussed
in the past. two Presidential Press
Conferences.

President Allen Kuusislo an-
swered questions concerning con-
struction at his March 23rd con-
fcrcncc with the assistance of
Vice President for Management
and Planning, Walter 'l‘isdalc.

'l‘hc contractual obligations are
not for “sunken gardens," accord-
ing to 'l‘isdalc, but “East and West
Podium Courts." The courts will
consist of grass, trees and shrubs
with some sidewalks between the
Library and the Social Science
building at a total cost of
$iilll,llllll.

ln aiichr to the often-asked
“How can we get out of il‘.’," it
was stated that thc President lacks
the power to stop work since it is
controlch by the Statc Universin
Construction Fund, and funds
were allocated by the Legislature
for that specific purpose. Both
Kuusislo and 'I‘isdale agreed on
the importance of keeping the
university community “better in-
formed on construction plans.”

Vice President 'I‘isdale was also
asked about the hiring practices of
the firms involved in construction
on campus. Because of the large
amount of construction in the Al-
bany area, it is necessary to “im-
port workers" from outside of
this area. To counter charges of
discriminatory hiring procedures
against blacks, President Kuusisto
noted that. the percentage of non-
whittI workdch was higher than
the pcrcuntagc of non-whites re-
siding in the Capital area.

Albany's future as a graduate
ccntcr was also discussed. Eveli-
tually thc unchrsity will be 50430
graduate and undcrgrtuluatc stu-
dents, with 60’75 of the under-
graduatc nppcrclassIm-n, -It)%
['rcsluncn and sophomores. The
bulk of the students would bc ac»
ccplcd from state communin col-
lcgl's.

The April 7th conft-rcncc
touched on s‘chral (Iil'l‘crcni pi'olr
lcms. l’rcsidcut Kuusisto tlll'
nounced that action was bcgiu-

conlinucd on page I l

U nity

.-

FLOWER TO THE PEOPLE

OFF TO 

by William Rchde

March 19. Induction Center.
Albany. Schntccn men and wo-
men arrested for “obstructing
governmental administration."

Richard Evans, demonstrator.
“We are demonstrating against the
war in Vietnam, but we are
demonstrating also against all war.
Against. the war of man against
man everywhere, and of man
against nature."

March 30. Albany County Po-
lice Courl, Jiulgu'l‘epedino. Eleven
mcn and three womcn rcfusc bail.

Erik Johnson, Demonstrator.
"Wc fch (lccply that wealth or
class should not determine who is
fuse and who is imprisoned. A
$100 fine is not much to the rich
man. To the poor it mcans less
food and slicllcr.”

Sentencing. Fifteen d' .. ’l‘hc
judgc sits behind it runs vc oak
licnch. A hullctvproof glass parti
lion scpuratcs him from specta-
tors. llis votcc crackles from two

Conference

at SUNY Buffalo

by Al Scuia
(tl'l cum-med plans for bringing
unity to .dl the M'lltltlls of the
Slalc linircrsity S)‘Sll'lll may be
icalilcd ncst w-vck \vhcn u slate~
wulc confcrcncc \\'Ill lic licld on
lhc l‘mrcrsily of llul‘l'alo campus
Four fora will l)l‘ l "hl April 15
.unl lti All umrcrsitu-s, collcgcs,
:uul cummumty colleges In lhc
slatc untri'i'slly syslcnl liavc lit-cti
urgcd to wild rcprcscnlalivcs
Among tln- lopicr. lo lic dis
cusscd \\'|ll lic tlu- l'cusilulily of
selling up n slitlc-wult- comnmm
t‘lllllilts syslcm through Wllll'll any
nu-mhr-r could reach any olltcr
slalv coIII-gc m lhc system within
lwcnly-t'our hours.
Also, plans will be formululed
to study the problem of opulr

 

admissions at all state universities.

In addition. the Black Students
t\lllllllt‘l' and l’.().l).l‘l.lt., a l’ut-rto
Iticau activist group, will hold scp
aralc fora to discuss common
problems,

II is liopcd thc conl'crcncc will
scrrc as an impetus to l'urthcr soli~
durily among slndcnts in lhc slatt-
syslcttl

ll appcars uncertain at llic prc-
st-nt timc whclhcr or not Albany
Slnlc will lttl\'l‘ rcprcscnlutivcs ale
trading the coul‘crcucc.

CORNELL

(‘orncll University was under an
llztll) p.m. to 7:00 a.m. curfcw
today, lltlposod by President Dalu
lt. (forson. The action followed

continued on page ll

University of N

 

-»-potsl.‘vnisl.‘i

reclanttulm‘spcakcrs perched near
the ceiling. He speaks to the mi-
crophone. He wears a frigid scowl.
He is a machine. Well oiled.

Judge. “You have been charged
with violating 24027 of the Penal
Code. How do you plead, guilty
or not guilty? What's that? I don‘t
want any statement. Tell it. to
your lawyer. Now, guilty or not
guilty?“ Guilty.

Doris 'l‘rashen, demonstrator.
“The machinery of death runs
only because Wc--you and l--lct it
run. They have jailcd some of us
for blocking doors. They have
jailed others for refusing in-
duction. They will jail more of us.
But [hey cannot jail all of us. If
we refuse to Iubricatc the ma-
chincry, the war will be over, sud-
denly, everywhere, and at once."

April 7. Albany Penitentiary.
ltohcrt llohdc, dcmonslrutor.
Visiting timc ten minutcs. We
spcuk through a perforated steel
plate, 'l'hick glass separates our
l'yt'S.

“We've been fastng in here for
scvcn days. liring some fruit next
time. They took most of our
books. 'l‘licy let us have bibles.
'l‘lu- guards told us to shave our
beards. \Vt- arc broke up laughing.
That really l'rcakcd lhcm out."

MortI pcoplc. l'lcho noise of
bouncing voices. Fathers. Mo-
thers. Wivcs. Sisters. Brothers.
(ibctlo pcoplc. Low-limit pcopla.
chcr-had-a-chuncc peoplc.

“We don't get to talk to other
prisoners. They keep us separated.
But the word gets through. Last
night a black brother smuggled us
a cake.”

Black. South End. 'l‘cpodino.
Stiff I'im-s. lligh bail. Long sen-
tcuccs, If you're white, you can
pay. If you're black you stay.

“This place rots a man's soul.
The inmates have nothing to do.
No rehabilitation. Twice a chk
they get some time in the gym.
The library is outdated. There's an
old man next to us who cries all

A Spring Goodbye
to “Pig Nation”

By Al Senia

"I‘oday is the beginning of the
end of Pig Nation control at
Albany State...’

--a student in the liberated
‘people '3 park'

The long-anticipated student'
administrative controversy over
SUNYA’s “sunken” gardens came
to a head yesterday afternoon.
Within the space of an hour, one
side of the fence was torn down,
there was a mock burial of “Pig
Nation", and students confronted
\cting President Kuusislo in his
a Iministrativc offices.

The day's cvcnts bcgan at noon
in front ol the (‘ampus Center
where about 251) students
gathcrcd around a mock coffin
placed in thc fountain. "Pig
Nation". it said, and the names
“Agnew”, “()‘ltcilly", “Rocky
and his Friends" and “Julius l'lol'f-
man" were inscribed on it.

As the crowd grew, a smoke
bomb was released and, as green
smoke billowcd to the top of the
concrete pillars. the demon-

day."

Precipitating depression. Tile
orange. Stcclwall green. Jailbar
red. Lonlincss. Boredom. Futility.

“Monday night we held a silent
vigil in memory of Martin Luther
King. You know what they did?
'l‘l-lEY TEARGASSED US! We all
got on the floor and covered our
faces. It was bad. 'l‘hat stuff
burns!

'l‘car gas...GAS. Justice. Peace.
Law. Order. God. Country
Washington~Victnain

continued on page I l

 

strators set off toward the dis-
puted gardens facing the Human-
ities and Social Sciences buildings.

OnCe they arrived, approxi-
mately twenty students pushed
against the wire fence; it was
12:20 when the fence came tum-
bling down and the group passed
through. Even Security sent a re-

presentative , Inspector John
Henighan, who watched passively,
attired in a blueturtleneck, bush
jacket and bell-bottomed jeans.

About a hundred students
milled around inside the fence.
The “coffin” was dropped into
the ground and symbolically
buried. Someone planted four yel-
low daffodils in the barren earth.
“This is people's garden now," a
student said.

Another student appealed to
those still standing on the other
side of the fence and those peer-
ing out the windows. “You can
stand outside the fence your
whole life”, be told them. “You
can stand outside your whole life
and just look in...this is what this
whole scene is all'about." Most of
them preferred to stay where they
were and watch.

The crowd, chanting,"Smash
concrete...power to the people!",
headed toward the Administration
Building. Behind them remained a
cardboard sign planted on one of
the mounds of dirt in the park. It
said:

"To the Construction Workers:
The Administration has ignored
our demands that the money
being wasted on these ‘sunken gar-
dcns' be put toward education.
We sincerely wish no one to be
injured by these devices-only that
the construction be halted.

Please take notice.

LAND MINES"

At the President's ofﬁce
continued on page II

A hot time in the old dorm last night.

»--brostarman

\
........»- V. — .-.

   
      
      
    
   
   
 

  
 
  
 
 
 

  
 
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
     
   
 
  
 

 

ML... . . who“



     
    
      
        
      
        
      
     
       
   
 
      
       
    
        
         
   
        
     
 
        
    
     
     
     
   

 
     
 

   

