 

 

 

j 5,, GE’ '4 

ASE Interview:

'1’ by John O‘Grady .
_ Features Editorm- w ~-' —
Louis G-Seorca, currently oc'
copying the position of Executive
Deliveryboy for one of the na-
tion's largest submarine concerns
(Walt's, Inc., of Albany); his for
many years been an outspoken
inﬂuence on intestinal and world
affairs; his union, the General
Association of Submarine Sand-
wich Executive Deliveryboys
(GASSED), represents two-thirds
of this country's submarine firms,
including Wait's, Mike's, Milton’s.
University Sub, Stalengrisi's of
Flushing, and Polaris. Herewith a
selection of his more important
comments:

0: Sexual traditions in the United
States have undergone radical
cnanps in the last decade; wouldr
you speculate on some of the
reasons for these changes? A: Hot
Pepperoni has probably influenc-
ed sexual freedom in the United
States more than any other single
factor, owing to its composite
qualities of heat, spice, and
smoothness. Some have speculat-
ed that the introduction of the
Meat Ball Sub back in 1957 was
an initial cause, but I personally,

fail to see any suggestion of prom-

-iscuity in a greasy meat patty just

because it’rlonger than it is wide.

Q: The Nation’s economy is
another ﬁeld now receiving wide-
spread popular attention. How
can we combat inﬂation? A: l
have no idea how anyone else
does it, but at Walt's we have
eliminated the sales tax on deliver-
ies and substituted a 30-cent deliv-
ery charge; the money therefore
goes toward paying for our car
windows instead of Governor
Rockefeller’s limousines.

Also, vast improvements in our
submarines have contributed both
to the economy and to the envi-
ronment: In 1961 we increased by
6.2% the density of our Russian
Dressing, ensuring that a single
Roast Beef Sub would cause com-
plete gastric satisfaction and that
money would not be thrown
around on more of these popular
taste treats. In 1964, we decreased
the price of our lettuce, tomatoes,
salt, and salad oil (necessitatinga
small but non-inflationary in-
crease in the price of our bologna,
ham, turkey. roast beef, salami,
etc.). And, ﬁnally, as early as
1966, Wall’s decided to put all of

 

STEREO SYSTEM

 

Lafayette presents...

PERFECT PLAYMATE FOR YOUR
— SONY'S 252-D
TAPE DECK RECORDER.

 

. [Emma

You never heard it so good.

 

 

 

 

ALBANY GLENS FALLS
7': Central Ave. 707 Upper Glenn St.
, D A. .45l10 RM. Dally 10 “Jill-'9 P-M.
 Monday-Thurs. Daily
9 ILM. 9 P.M. Sat. 9 A.M.-5x30 P.M.
 0 TII. 46?-950| Tel. 792-9992
ELECTRONICS swewecmov New“)

141 Erie Blvd.
9I30 toe PM.

u Dally
Tues. A Thurs. Thurs-Fri.
9 A.M.~9 ".M. 9 A.M.-9 P.M.

III. 346-6) I I

42 Summer Ave.
9 ALM. to 6 P.M.

Tal. 499‘1420

 

 

 

WWW

this food on -a roll; not a thick,
doughy, chewable roll, mind you,
but a thin, ﬂaky, quickly-
oxygenating roll which disinte-
grates within 18 minutes after it"s
thrown away. We feel we have
effected a near ecological revolu-
tion by this improvement in our
packaging.

Q: Would you care to comment
on causes of student unrest? A:
Student unrest could probably be
eliminated completely if those
persons with weak stomachs told
us emphatically to go easy on the
salad oil.

Q: Getting more personal, if I
may, what is your reaction to the
recent robberies perpetrated
aginst you and your firm? A: My
union, GASSED, has taken it
completely upon itself to bring
the perpetrators up on charges
under the Taft-Hartley Law,
which specifically forbids coer-
cion or obstruction of business.
The security police on your com-
pus haVe unfortunately not been
very cooperative in our efforts,
being abnormally concerned with
the fact that the robbers were
arlned with pistols and knives, a
detail not under the jurisdiction
of the Taft~HartleyLaw and there-
fore irrelevant to the case.

I feel compelled here to add that
We are now carefully scrutinizing
the possibility of bringing charges

Submarine Magnate S

 

 

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1970

‘

Look 6. Score- --de you;
(from [95960 Yearbook,
Sicilian Hiyl Institute of Technology)

against the president of your
University under this same law, if
he doesn't get rid of those damn
barricades around the dormitory
areas. Furthermore. students tro-
Velling at less than 40 miles per
haur on the grave] in front of elich
quadrangle are a similar
obstruction to the free flow of
business and may consider them-
selves criminal mischiefs in danger
of prosecution.

 

Attention:

DECEMBER GRADUATES

If you are interested in
receiving information
concerning

SENIOR WEEK ACTIVITIES
Please leave your mailing
address with Wayne Schult

or Rocco Pekich at:

CA 303-2 Clinton Hall
Colonial Quad 457-8717

 

 

 

 

 

 

everybody deserves the bes
lowest possible price.

know. the uni
the store.

unoocri' c. l...- Jt

,.
,.
,.
o
e
r

u
oununurmomom-m .w

 

Whether you’re into
lohn Sebastian

or Johann Sebastian,
you should come
in to Center Stage.

Wt' know how important music ls. And we think
t possible playback, at the

will dfscribcs Panasonic equipment.

I c so everything Panasonic makes W ’

nations only all-Panasonic store. And, .15 (are: twhee
y store that lets you turn on anything in

Hear what you’ve been mlsui
recording, and listen to ll—-free

:-.- .m

r'nl‘tr'r‘r mmum:

“ . . . PANASONIC is THE WHOLE SHOWI"

IN THE MINI MALL AT MOHAWK
MALL. BCII
TIL. (Ill) ltd-Ill! [Natl-ADV

0pm loin anal. lo me p.-., Monday through Saturday

rig. Bring in any
t. Pcfnon-trunrnnoﬂu

0

o
o
o
o

b ‘ n
on. munmaooonumouo

 

 

Q: May I ask you to state your
background prior to becominga
famous submarine magnate? A:
Yes, I used to sweep floorqu
delicatessen in Sicily. My Ililt‘li'
ground really lends nothing to u
better understanding of my ()plll‘
ions of of my greatness,

Q: Can you give us some perspec-
tive on the future'l What lies
ahead for tile Submarine Indus-
try'.’ A: Well, I've nlrciidy lllt'll'
tioned our inlcrcst in ecology,
we've a plan underway now to
clean up rill the rats ill Pzilronn
Creek and dump thcm in Sillnl‘
hot sauce with anchoru-s This
would provide a basis for an ox-
pcrimentiil, “anti-pollution" sub.
which we have tcnlntivr-Iy iinniorl
"Wolt’s Hot Rails Spccinl "

Orgzlnizationzilly. however, the
Submarine industry may lll' in
trouble. You must remember thiil
I nm only one man and than my
union, (iASSEI), powr-rl‘ul its II is.
represents Submorim- l‘lxl-rtilirl-
Deliveryboys only. In tho I'uinn-
tlicrc hns got to be [now :u‘lionof
such items as my l’t'Ct'l'll proposal
for u Consolitlutod Ilt'lt'l‘llst'xllill
Encystntion of I'ivcry Submarine
Employee (CHEESE). :in organ
illition crucial to future t‘(|llt'l’('lll
planning and ptililit'kiilg Right
now I feel on urgent nor-(l for‘
Presidential Institute on Silli-
murine Sandwiches lo relieve
some of the industry's losr. coin
plex problems.

AT THK

Palace Theatre
ALIANY, N.Y.
FRIDAY, DEC. ll

RICHIE
HAVENS

KATHY SMITM
Tlckall ".1! and in!
SATURDAY, JAN. 10

CHICAGO

CHARLII BROWN
Tickets $5.30 and “.10

Sound by l’rnloisinnnl In
tornntlolinl Shows shill
7:30 pill slurp; doors upon
JO rlllnulos prior Man or
clors: ENCLOSE SELFvAI)
DRESSED STAMPED IEN
VELOPE wllll CHECK OR
MONEY ORDER F’/\V
ABLE 10 "NATIONAL
STUDENT PROIII'L
IlONS," ()rdois iocuivod B
anyl boloro show will on
mild at door. Also, moms
by personal ciinck Imin JI
box olllco lnr rudornpiion
Rarlialnlrin tlckuls nvnlloolc
lo days oolora snow .il
Albany-'Van Cuilori 5. Al
rliadlllo; Schenectady
Apart Music; Troy ~Mmu
Shack. Inlorninilml
“34-3345. PRODUCED
BY NATIONAL SILL
DENT PRODUCIIUNS
not in Zebra Production
or a local production

 

'4

 

____________’_’.

 

 

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1970

 

 WDIMJ-Klisﬂqr/  

At the heart of the Middle"E‘at 6'
question of Israel’s existence. While there is much
room for criticism of the manner In which the
world'a'powara helped create the state of Israel
without nearly adequate concern for the fate of
either Arab or Jewish populations, there'can be
today no moral or human justiﬁcation for attempts

to annihilate Israel. Israel is a legal, physical and”

human reality. Its 2 to 3 million inhabitanta know
no other home. They have invested their Iivea’ labor
in its aoil and industry and have built one of the
world's most democratic and socialist societiel-

There are those who take the myth of "Arab
Socialism" at face value and claim that Israel is an
extension of Western imperialism. This is far from
the truth. The Arab regimes range from feudal
sheikdoms to military dictatorshlps, but in none of
them do the people have any say in their govern-
ment. All of them are characterized by gross
extremes of wealth and poverty, and by the
degradation of women and the denial of rights to
religious and ethnic minorities. The opposite is true
Israel in each case. The two major imperialist forces
that seek to exploit the people and resources of the
area, United States oil interests and the Soviet
Union, support the Arabs. The U.S. corporate oil
interests in the Middle East total three billion
dollars, ALL of which is in Arab territory. It is
preposterous to state that American capitalism
supports the Israelis because there are no United
States investments of any consequence located in
Israel. The much heralded American Phantom fight-
er planes were bought by the Israelis, not donuth
by the United States militnry-industrinl complex.
The Palestincan guerillo movement itself is tainted
by the blood money of American capitalism. Ameri-
can oil money lurgely goes towurd the financing of
the Arab armies. The Arab stiites ill turn “donate”
this military equipment to both Yasir Arnflits' Al
Fatah rind Dr. George I'Inhiishs' Popular Front for
the Liberation of Palestine, the two largest com-
mando organizations.

The Refugee Problem

While it is true a large number of Pzilcstillcuii
Arabs were displnccd by the stiite of Isriicl, only the
bloodthirsty cnn believe that the solution to their
plight lies in the destruction of Isrnel.

First, the Arnb gOVernmcnts and gucrilliis issued
forth n propiignndii biirrngc iii the time stating that
the Jews (not Zionists, but Jews) would be driven
into the sen. Azznm I‘ushii, the Secretary General of
the Arab Lengue, nnnounccd, “There will be ll war
of extermination rind momentous massacre which
will be spoken of like the Mongolian massacres and
the Crusudes."

In order to enable the Arnb armies to move with
grcntcr cusc, Arnb civilinlis were ordered to Icich
their homes by Arab lenders. The Jurdnninn news-
paper A«Dil'nn, representing Ariib refugees, stated
that “The Arab governments told us ‘get out so that
we can get ill,‘ so we got out, but they did not get
in."

Secondly, us in iill wnrs, mnny civilians were
caught between the fighting nrmies. With their backs
to the son, the Jews were forced to silly and suffer
the nrtillcry Iiiirrngcs. The Aruba caught in the
ﬁghting were able to Icnvc.

Finally, the Arabs, in some crises, did flee for four
of the Israelis. The Ariib propngundii mucllinc
pinycd upon these fours nnd worried the civiliiins of
the men that they should flcc or die lit the blinds of
the Jews. 'I‘hcsc "warnings" escnlutod the nlrcntly
luiisc I'ilCIlII situntion.

Israeli Democracy

Ill ISI‘iIt'l thorcis n rcmnrkilble degree of (Icmoc-

rncy. 'I'llcrl- lll'l‘ many pnrlics which Ilich full
I'roodum of aiclivilv 'I‘hcrt- iirc even two smiill

 

 

BEST SELLER

GORDON
LIGHTFOOT

His Newest Album ls
“Sit Down Young Stranger"

Gordon nglllloul's dolint rllbunl on the Re-
prlsc label has resolved unmixed crltlcril
lonclton nl Illl.‘ favorable variety. in wll

"ilglllloul‘s nowcsl rocorlllng, llls lllsl Ll‘
on the Ropllso labol. is such .i lioaut nnil

 

so gorgeously llioliilcotl lllnl ll loo nu-

Il.ill .1 onion lull pinylnirs below I could

"Vt!" stall IllillhlllR nllnul i‘onlrllvnling on I
'l H Pilllil Elwood

Son ranrlsr n Ixnlliinor

this album. as mill or snow ol lln-

Wlill songs llhi‘ Coliwtills and (lust and Mo Nowrnnn, lly Courier.
lulu Donny Macao. some (if our mm! Illlh v.m Dyko
music all round .iiiywilorn '
Illli Ilﬂst'llllsll Haynes
llulling Slonu

uni ii crisp plilaso or a goo ilIl .
lloliiiil lllllhurn “la b

a.
)-
E
E
r
E
.
r:

"Illa loroldllig i'lllll production me ova- ul
wllolinlng."

 

    

Gordon Llirllltool rocordod lilo rillluln In
their is .1 lot 0! Gnrdnn ngllllont in i‘..i|llolnia, long known lor Ils lllrlvlng col-
Isl ully nl Culliltlltln lnusllcl‘rins. Wl'lll some or

' -vvr noon. and. lullonl IllllSlCilI nss snllco rolll ﬂuruly

nmloitnl llml ligllllool has L 10"" sebum” mm
M s. not to Illonliori his in n
I.” lnilli.llit sldoliion. llcil Sllon illlil ll (k

This bust new Gordon H llllnol nlllurn may
"Ills mulls Ml! “"50"m ’l-‘WW‘M’ “um” llo IllIIIItI In liollur rocor slows [which can
llm human mind lion lllnl tarry ili‘oio than mm" mm "mm," H as gum.” “3 5392)
Mill In lllil form at [lumps lanes, dlslrlb-

on

His MIMI“ “'“u‘ pralsa lllle son .“Sll Dawn

ring D'tllgby (Nolan: " J'saturduy
l) Cl ll an "I Oil on on y
I'll: lin‘giilhs‘rion I‘ll!“ about 40% of It. llllllly recommended.

WWPRESSTI

 Peace

Communiatt‘Partlea, one jot which haa"corialateiijtiy
opposed the policies of the Israeli govominent. The
government, currently led by the democ-
ratic-aocialiat Israeli Labor Party, is selected by
democratic elections in which the right of opposi-
tion is treaty exercised. The judiciary la independ-
ent, the press la free, and the military la aublect to
civilian control. While it is debatable whether or not
Arabs have complete equality of opportunity in
Israel, they do have’eomplete political and civil
rights, a well as the freedom of worship. Aa earlier
stated, women haVe great freedom in Israeli life,
while inthe Arab countries they remain largely
servants of the Arab men.
The Real Reasons Behind the War

Moreover, the claims of the Arab states that it Is in
the name of the displaced Palestinean population
that they are making war against Israel rings hollow
upon examination of the policies of these states.
Neither the UAR nor Syria has yet been willing to
ah“. within its borders those refugees who would
prefer finding homes with the Arab countries to
waiting for the illusory return to Palestine. Remark-
ably, each of these states proclaims that the terri-
tory which now comprises Israel actually belongs
within its own domain, none talk of the re-creation
of an independent Palestinean nation.

There are two real reasons why these Arab states
are bent on war with Israel. The first is territorial
expansion. Israel, through the use of modern agri-
cultural techniques, now contains some of the most
fertile land in the area as well as various other
resources which the Arrlb dictators are anxious to
get their hands on. The second, and more import-
ant, is the desire of Arab rulers to exploit an
external issue in order to divert the attention of
their oppressed and impoverished people from the
need for radical domestic change.

Opposition to Israel

Also worth noting is the fact that virtually all of
the world's most reactionary nnd unlidcmocrntic
forces have coalesced behind the cause of Arab
victory—Communist Russia and fascist Spnin, wcstA
cm oil interests nnd the Americun New Left,
Cnstro's Cuba and Red China. In light of ti“ these
factors no socialist, no dcmocrnt, nu humiinilziriiin
can countenance n compromise with the threat to
annihilate Israel.

The Americnn New Left, accepting a busic revision
of Marx mode by Mao and Lin Pinu, see the MiddltI
Eastern crisis us part of the “revolutionary struggle"
between the white rich, developed cities of the
world (represented by the Isriielis) “rid the non‘
whitc, poor, underdeveloped countryside (repre-
sented in this cnse by the Palestinenns).

Those who accepted this definition didn't have to
worry nbout being relatively weak in the United
Stntcs. They were, lifter all, the representatives of
downtrodden mankind itself.

But iii fact there is of course no such unity ill the
non-white or underdeveloped world. The mnssncrc
of the Indonesian Communist Party wns carried out
by non-whites ligninsi non-whites, so is the con‘
tinuing genocide in the Sudan (the Muslims of the
north versus the non-Muslims of the south) lllltl so
wns the civil war in Biafrn. There is, in short, no
simple color code which solves iill politicul prob»
lcnur. It is necessary to determine whlit kinds of
policies white men and bllick nicn carry out before
you can decide to support or oppose them.

The “New “ Guerilln Movement
The situation of the million presently homeless

 

 

I. DUI-t.

Paleatlniean refugees remains the accent! major lane
in this tragic controversy. These people are subject
to the moat inhuman of living conditions and to use
as a political football innconfllct not of their
making. out of this deaperate situation aroae'a
"new" type of Paiestlnean terrorist organization. No
longer were the guerillas to be the pawns of the ,
Arab governments, as they had been between
1948-67. Though they still receive moatof their arms
from these governments they supposedly oppose.
Now the leaders of the various and warring fedeyeen
groups proclaimed a kind of mixed and jargoniatlc
“Marxist”- Leninist-Maoist faith. The ideology,-
which lacked an kind of democratic principles or
realism was no more able to unite the guerillaa than
it was i to unite the late American SDS.

Suddenly, over the past three years, the Pales-
tinean guerillas became “a second major front in the
revolutionary war against American imperialism."
All was forgotten—the hijackings and bombings of
civilian passenger airliners, the bombings of school
buses, and twenty years of threatening and trying to
totally annihilate the Jews in Israel—not the Zion-
ists, or the state of Israel, but the Jews. The
anti-Zionist rhetoric is a recent development of the
Arab military defeat in the 1967 war. The trndi-
tionnl role of Israel as the underdog was reversed us
they were now denounced as the aggressors. Utiliz-
ingnewspenk, guerillii terrorism was explained as on
exnmplc of "just revolutionary violence necessary in
the liberation struggle of this oppressed third world
people."

For a lost Settlement

But Israel is it living entity, its existence cannot be
nullified by anti-Zionist or anti-Jewish rhetoric. A
just, non-military, political settlement must be
negotiated between the nations involVEd in this
conflict, not imposed from the outside by the great
powers. Such a settlement, based on mutual recog-
nition and peace, must iilcludc recognition of the
rights of the Palestinenn Arabs to a voice in the
future of the Middle East.

 

 

"'I‘r'i-cily India Association"

and
India Association at SUNYA

present
INTAQAM

*lllg: Sadhnlla, Snujay, Ashok Kumar
Music: Lnxmikllilt Pyarelal
English subtitles.....in Eastman color

on
Salurduy, December I2, [970
admission $2.00
lli~ FRIESHME NTS SE RVED
"all profits go to Pakistan Cyclone Relief Fund"

 

 

I

lrvmg Place

to the Illlllly‘

 

Mind,” in name

 

 

Now York, New York
(212) 989-8707
lOwuuks — $100 — $150

CONCERNED COLLEGIANS
AGAINST ABORTION ABUSE

Due to the difficulties people are experiencing in trying to obtain :1 legal abortion
many profit making ventures have been founded to act as booking agents. TheSe
groups charge substantially for these services and naturally this results in higher
costs to the patient. Often these services on: mail order houses or travel agencies
with no medical staff.

As a public scrviCc we list the following out-patient clinics, staffed by Iiccnsod
()ii ~- (PYN personnel and meeting all medical guidelines issued by N.Y.S.

To obtain an uborlion o pulient need only call any of the following listed facilities,
and speak dircclly to personnel able to give pertinent information with regard to
that clinic. IN NO (‘ASli SHOULD YOU SEND ANY MONEY IN ADVANCE, IT
IS NOT Nl£(,‘l?SSARY.

WRI'I‘IS OR (‘A LL

MICHAEL BERGMAN CLINIC MONSEY MEDICAL CENTER NEW YORK INFIRMARV

321 East 15m Street
New York. New York
(212) CA 8-8000
10 weeks — $200

29 Main Struul
Monsev, New York
(914) 366-6487
10 weeks ~ $200

l/‘you would like It) only! us in our work call

(212) [.0 2-8 726

 

 

 
       

 

 

