.4).

.m-.;.;AAMWJW ‘m “""

LA:

 

... _s..\,_ W

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 30,1970,

  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
   
  
 
 

 a little bit

of humanity

by Candy Cavallaro
Ari ASP Feature

“You know, the blacks look up to him...like he's
a god or something"... ten black children beamed up
at the short, stocky man clad in blue denim overalls
pinstriped shirt, tie and leather hat. “I’m surprised
he’s so short-~he has so much energy, I expected him
to be overbearing."

Pete Jones stepped up to the mike, and described,
movingly, colorfully, the situation in the Albany
ghetto that so urgently demanded the community‘s
help.

This situation concerns the children. Most kids in
the black ghetto do not eat a meal until eight
o’clock in the evening. Since both parents usually
work, the adults are absent from the home from
seven in the morning until five or six in the
afternoon.

The children receive free, cold milk and cereal at
school in the morning, and those few who are lucky
enough to have forty cents, can buy lunch. Other-
wise, they scrounge whatever they can find, steal, or
beg. Usually they are hungry. You don't see many
overweight kids on the south side of Albany.

Officially, the children are to receive lunch even if
they do not have forty cents. In reality, school
ofﬁcials overlook this rule. “A system as hard as any
iron you ever saw" was Pete’s description of the
school system and the state and federal govern-
ments. Since no one will appropriate money to feed
hungry children, the community must assume the
task.

Pete Jones feels that it is his responsibility to feed
the kids, and to move the community to action. He
started feeding two or three children in the after-
noon in an empty room above his restaurant,
appropriately called “Our Place." Now he feeds
sixty kids a day. at his own expense.

Although neighbors assist in preparing and serving
the food, which requires only a few hours a day,
money and food are needed to continue the
operation. In addition, Pete is asking members of
the community to help clean up the ghetto and to
establish a low-cost day care center,

Several mothes brought the need for such a center
to his attention. Federally run centers are not
accessible to the "working poor,“ those people who
do work, but who cannot afford the fifteen dollars
per child per week, and to those children who do
not belong to the three to five age group.

The modestly priced program Pete has proposed is
not as formally structured as regular day care
centers, but it would proiide food for the children.
"The hell with arts and crafts“...if a child does not
have “food in his belly," any supplementary pro-
grams are futile. Therefore, a primary part of the
proposed "Supervision Center" will be three com-
plete meals each day. The center is thus named to
avoid the requirements which the government sets
for a "Day Care Center.“

By reducing the staff, unessential equipment, and
extravagant faCilities, the rates can be significantly
reduced to ten dollars for one child, eighteen dollars
for two children, and twenty-five dollars for three
children or more, per week.

Although the benefits of the “extras” of regular
day care centers may be argued, it may also be
pointed out that the environment of the proposed
“Supervision Center" will be far healthier than the
homes from which the children come.

The unhealthy environment of the Albany ghetto
was viewed by the audience through a looseleaf
notebook and several slides which were shown by
Pete. Rubble, deteriorated buildings, unsanitary
facilities and hungry, dirty children pleaded with
one‘s human compassion and conscience. The only
brightness was in the faces of those cleaning up the
rubble.

Volunteers from Colonic. Bethlehem-Central and
other local high schools have been painting and
cleaning up the ghetto for nearly two years. Most of
their materials, such as the poor, watery, varicolored
paints, are donated. Money earned in “Soul food
dinners" at Bethlehem-Central High is also being
used. Still, these materials are not nearly adequate.
Money, and people possessing skills in electrical
wiring, plumbing and the finishing of floors are
desperately needed. Pete Jones is pleasing with the
community to help in his battle against poverty. He
believes that the most important aspect of life is in
relating to and helping people. The smiling faces of
well fed kids are proof of what can be accom-
plished.

Every member of the university community

 

 

PAGE 12

 

 right here in albany city

 

 

should be concerned with and involved in this
problem. Students wanted “relevance” last spring,
yet, so far, no one has attempted to achieve it. Most
students do not even realize the existence of il
ghetto in Albany. Helping Pctc Jones in the black
ghetto is ii real, relevant, concrete form of protest,
the results of which include immediate personal
gratification.

 

Anyone iiilcrustcd in the community is urged to
walk through the ghetto, and possibly stop iit l’ctc‘s
“Our Place,“ lociitcd iit llirl North PL‘llrl Street to
talk with people, and sec first hand Wlllll‘ is
happening, It is hoped that people will be moved to
donate money, clothes, food, equipment and time.
Students may also help by the publication and
distribution of lcnflcls to urge the community In
action. A llll)ll.‘ will be sot up in the Campus Cciilcr
in the near future to take donations of the type

I': i r
all photos by slcplicn dc young “u d “bWL'

 

 

 

PRICE FIVE CENTS OFF CAMPUS

Albany

Tuesday. November 3. I970

Several hundred war protesters descended upon the State Capitol last Saturday.

WSUA Hurt in Fund Loss

by Carol Hughes

WSUA was virtually paraly'Aed
last Thursday night when Central
Council refused to grant the radi v
station ii supplemental appropria-
tion of $22,IIIG.-l.‘l. With only
$1,000 left from WSUA’s original
budget, the future of the station
this year is in a dangerous posi-
tion.

The action came as a result ofa
tumultuous discussion, featuring
allegations of mismanagement, ac-
cusations of misrepresentation by
ccrlain Council members, calls for
mass rcsigniitions from the WSUA
staff and frequent pleas “to get
this ever With," followed by an
cquully confused vote.

A roll call vote was taken, result-
ing in a peculiar lI-l-l~l causing
considerable consternation over
the fact that the iibstcnsions won.
Arguments lhcn ensued over how
lhc abstaining votes should be
counted, and whether or not it
was ‘lcgiil’ for members to change
their votes. Finally, another vote
was takcn, resulting in ii HMO-(5
vote which is interpreted by Stii~
ilcnl. Association rulcs us dcfcii ting
lhc motion sinci- ii clciii‘ majority
was not ohliiincil.

’l'nlilcd lusl wccll by virluc of :i
lcllcr from Jcl'f \\’;isscriiinii, who,
was unuhlc lo lllll'llll llic mcciing,
llll‘ :ippriuiriiilion lull was prcscni
iigziln on 'l‘hiirsdiiy. llowr'Vcr, lhc
conlrovcrsy ovvr WSUA and its
financial policics has hecn a con-
iinuing prolilcin for Council since
last May.

An invr-sligzillon inlo WSUA was
held in the Iii-ginning of October

Election Poll

According lo llic finiil Daily
Ni'Ws poll llial was rcli-nscd
yl'hlt‘l‘llily, liockcfcllcr is lciiding
(loldln-rg 5-] lo 3‘.) pl‘l’t'l'lll, with 7
pcrl'ciil ('lilnpl‘lhlllg llic volcs for
Adams illlll llic undccidcil. This is
ii drop of SIX pi-i‘ccnliigc sincc lhc
liisl Ni'ws poll which Was i'clcnscd
lusl 'l'hursdiiy.

ln lhc Scniiloriiil riicc, Jumcs
Ilucklcy is lciiding Willi .‘l7 pcr
cont, ()llingcr lriiiling Willi iii! and
t‘modcll is pulling third wilh 2f:
per cent. 'l‘lic poll shows ii loss of
[Wu pcrccntiigc points for Buckley
allll'i' 'l‘lnirsdny's poll.

 

 

as a result of charges of fiscal
irresponsibility iind violations of
SA financial policy. This inquiry
was ordered by Council on the
basis of a bill introduced by Jeff
Wiisserman, charging “gross viola-
tion and patent neglect of the
Constitution of Student Associa-
tion, Student Association Finan-
cial Policy, the Constitution of
WSUA and the Laws of New York
State..."

The results of the Ad l-loc Com
mittec to Supervise Operations of
WSUA were DFCsentcd to Council
on Oc!I_:‘.)er H by committee chair-
man 'l‘om Clingan. The report
discussed the problems faced by
the station in moving WSUA up-
town and going FM stereo. Ccr‘
tuin recommendations (primarily
concurned with greater super-
vision of financial operations
through advisors to the business
manager, and frequent c0n~
l'urcnccs with the engineers of thc
University Center for Educational
Communication beforc changes
are determined) Were accepted
with some amendments by Coun~
cil. Although the report (lid not
completely absolve all the WSUA
personnel of guilt, it pointed out
lhal scvr-ral of the violations may
hich li-(l in substantial savings in
linic and money for WSUA More-
over, since most of the contested
cxpcndiiures occurred over the
summer, ('nnsullulion with Council
sci-med ncxl ~l.o-impossiblc.

Wiisscrnuin, in his leltcr, sharply
questioned ilic advisabilily of
further funding when the station
had not followud the Ad Hoc
(‘oniniillcc‘s rccianiiicnilalions in
sucking consultation with UtlEC
engineers. llis lottcr dciilt primar-
ily willi his own convursntion with
Siilvntin'c Dc Criicpco from UCEC
conccrning LlnI budget supple-
"10!". Tom (‘lingun hcld thul the
procedures used in this instance
by the stalions wcrc completely in
accord willi tlic commillcc's roc-
ommcndalions, and charged lhat
\Vzlhh't‘l'lllilll was llllSI't'pI'l'SL‘llllllﬂ
llt‘fll'llL‘IM'Ulh Vicws.

'l‘Iiursdiiy‘s inucling attempted
to clarify the issues before deci-
ding oii lhv iiddilionnl money.

“i cannot, in conscmncc, vote to
give money to the present people
running that station" asserted
Wusscrmun, in opposing the bill.
He called for the resignation ofy

 

AP.
P} .‘

...solomon

the present cxccutiVe committee
of the station. and a new election
for WSUA Station Manager.
Clingan, supporting the station,
strongly questioned the validity of
Wasserman‘s accusations, dc-

Continued on page 2

State University of New York at Albany

War Protest in Albany

Student Press

Contents copyright 1970.

iii. W” No. 32

Draws Small Turnout

by Barry Kirschner

News Analysis

“Marching here and talking is no
good in 1970.” is how Liz Ewen
and almost everyone else felt at
the October 3] “peach march”
and “demonstration” at the Cllple
to]. About 300 demonstrators
marched from Draper Hall in what
was a crowd about 10% as liirgi.I as
thosc gallicrcd for similar pur-
poscs lllSl spring.

Oiic marshall said. “Don'l
chomp lhc grass loo much; llicy
get upset about things like that,"
which cxprcsscd lhc iiiililzincy of
the cnlirc evcnl. perfectly. Al. the
Capitol, speakers spoke, Hector
Rivcrii entertained, and everyone
(especially this reporter) was
bored out of his mind.

As one spectator pointed out,
the march was “like l965) and
l970 hadn't come yct." The slo-
gans are cliches by nowmpcacc
nowlrl-Z-Bvll free the Panthers,
stop the war. Possibly the most
creative moment of the (lay oc-
curred when u cheerleader intro-
duced a melody for "Power to the
People" probably derived from

something heard at a high school
basketball game.

The largest conflict of the day
occurred when an argument broke
out between a couple of hard core
Maoists and veterans for peace.
Some heckling greeted most of
the non-revolutionary speakers.

Those addressing the crowd
talked on many subjects including
women's liberation, Asian com-
passion, peace candidates, and
polilicnl prisoners. The signifi-
cance of the demonstration was
nol what was said or what hap-
pened, biil whiil did not happen.

As Mrs. Ewen pointed out. the
bulk of the collegiate anti-war
movement is beyond the stage of
marching and talking. The “move-
ment" is now dealing with prob-
lems which cannot be confronted
by yelling "Peace Now!” The
struggle is now recognized as be-
ing more fundamental than just
swaying Senators and Congress-
men.

The problems as seen by those
in l'the movement" are freeing
political prisoners and ending op-
pression. if the October 31 action
proved anything it is that the
problems of the '70s will not be
solved by the methods of the '605.

FSA Board Reformed;
Votes to Include 3 Students

by Al Senia

Students will hich a greater voice in the running of SUN YA's Faculty-Student Association, as a result of
an amendment in the hy-Iaws approved at the annual meeting of the F.S.A. membership board held last
Wednesday afternoon in President Bone/.ct's office.

The amendment changes the ma ke-up of the Board of Directors which is responsible for setting priorities
and overseeing moiith-hy-month operations of F.S.A.

Previously, this board had consisted of ten members, sevun of whom were administrators. Student
membership was limited to the President of the Graduate Student Body and President of Central Council.
There was also one faculty member.

'l‘hus, Albany State students found themselvus having no meaningful voice in the expenditure of F.S.A.
monies, mostly collected from students through the bookstore, vending machines, and food service

operations.

It is hoped that the revision will change this. The board of directors will now consist of a triumverate
membership-- thrcc administrators, three students, and three faculty members. The President of the
Graduate Student Association, and the President and Vice-President of Central Council (Student
Association) will be the student members.

     

‘3“

Ilrubiiclicr liiill.

J

A WSUA disc jockey doing a show from the Station's studios in

.-.80l(llll()ll

The actual amendment was
introduced at last week's F.S.A.
membership mccting by Student
Association Vice-President Mike
Liunpcrl. The membership board
meets annually to choosu directors
of the corporation and to transact
"such other business as may come
before the meeting."

Usually, the "other business"
consists of ii financial report, a
director‘s report and ii very super-
ficiul review of F.S.A.‘s already
approved budget. Th e membership
body consists of 25 individuals;
seven each from the faculty,
administration and undergraduate
student body, and four graduate
students.

The undergraduates, led by S.A.
Presidcnl Diivc Neufcld and Vice-
Presidcnt Lunipcrt. attempted to
have lhis changed also. But thL~
more conservatch elements of the
idininistration spoke out against
itudents getting increased power on
)oth the membership and director's
)ourds, so the motion was with-
lriiwn by Lumpert as ii compr-
imisu.

Vice-Presidents Morrif “nd
O‘Romy “lulled that ll change on

Continued 0" Pulle 2

;i a“?

_...c-.....,.,.,...~.¢r

 

 

 

