     
    
 
 
   
 
  
   

   

 

The Bombings

It’s here. Bomb scares, bombings across the state and
nation. Wisconsin, Santa Barbara, Harvard, Rochester,
New York City. It’s here. it can happen here. The same
reasons for it all, which exist in these other places, exist
here and everywhere.

Bombings happen not simply because there are psycho-
tics or crack-pots among us whose frustrations have built
to an outrage agirrst humanity. Bombings are a tactic. and
a tactic of those whose outrage is against society and
society‘s repression.

The first fault must lie with society, therefore. There are
those who have determined tlrat there is no trope in the
present structures of society, that nothing can be gained
within these structures to redress the grievances against
minorities, against the nations of the Third World. against
the resources of the land, against democratic principles.
For many, for a growing many, these grievances are a way
oflife, for this way oflife, society is the blame.

The rationale is that of the guerilla behind enemy lines.
Operating in small cadres. tltose who are the outraged steal
among given sites and offer them tip in ashes a sacrament
or a sign for the rest of us. Thus most of the boirrbirrgs
have been directed toward Defense Departrrreirt or Dc-
fense- related establishments.

if bombings are a tactic. therefore. they cannot be
argued against as if they are the trade of psyclrotics. it
does the “liberal” absolutely no good to appeal to the
fears of his constituency by mounting a moral crusade
against the "demented." He will never strip the bombings.
He will win his constituency. but he may move them
toward facisrrr as Well. lie himself. in fact. may soon
beconre the I'aeist.

They can however be argued against as a tactic. and
vehemently so. One person who is outraged can approach
the other on equal footing, can prove to him that lie does
his position no good at all by his politics. A tactic that is
seldom understood as intended and which results in an
outcry against the accidental deaths. rs a poor tactic
indeed. And it is increasingly clear that the politics of
selective bombings threaten to transform this nation into a
fttlly repressive. I'ascistie state. and utter iii return no hope
at all for the redress of the outraged.

What have the bombings brought us“? Nixon. Agnew.
Mitcltell. the l).('. ('rinic Bill. the Henderson Act. under-
cover agents, college arid inner-city massacres. “law and
order" elections. repression. Where will they lead us'.’

And there is a thought: that the means can grossly
pervert the ends. that the outraged in search of true
democracy adopt through their tactics. the most elitist
position of all. that for their outrage another life is
meaningless. On that principle rests imperialism and
Vietnam as Well.

Column Policy

The ALBANY STUDENT PRESS recognizes its obligation to
print diverse editorial opinion and welcomes students arid faculty
to submit signed editorial columns for publication. (‘olninus
chosen will not necessarily reﬂect the editorial opinion of the
ASP. They should rtiii fifty to sixty typed lines in length.

 

 

albany student press

r'dilur tIl i‘hti'l'
built 1'. sliuiiiihiin

rnunugingcditiir , . . . .
news editor

.iiriilynn rrtinri'
t'til'ttl lulu/it's

. bolt lt'til'ttt't‘

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . t'lt‘h’i :t'liiiii

features editor . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . til si'iiiu

urtii editor . , . . . . . . , . . . .itlltitt itriiIi-rs

sports editor . . . , . , . , . . . (Ittt't‘ fin/r

city editor . . . . . . . . . . . , . . I'IIIIUI't' hoitrr's
business manager . , . . . . .t'ilitt'li’ I'tfltli.‘
advertising manager . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . , . , je/‘f roilgcrs

technical editor . . . , . . . . . . , . . . . . . ,toiii clingmi

associate technical editors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . sue sr'ligson

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . iliin iuiltiiiins

production manager . , . . . . . . . . . . gtoi'iu huttistr-r

photography editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . t‘tl [)tllsittltush'l

circulation manager . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . .‘iltt‘ Iiiiittiiu'r

The Albany Student Pull is located in room 326 at the Campus Center at
the State Univorllty at New York ll Albany. The ASP iI lundod by student
tux and was founded by the Close 00 1918. Our phones are 4672190 and
2194, piul one more we don't toll anybody.

Communications are limited to 300 word: and no subloot to editing.
Editorial policy ll domminod by the EditorrlnChiol.

 

‘ 535i: rueEEP

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

      
 

 j- . l' «fill;

my?“ 

tt‘. i

To the Editor:

The article by Al Sonia in the
ASP of October Iii should not
pass without response. Mr. Senia‘s
article is richly interlarded witir
both simplistic logic and the con-
fusion of rhetoric with truth. He
is willing to do precisely what he
abhors most: rrecept violence as a
means of achieving one’s ends.

The United States has rightfully
been castigated for using violence
and destruction as tools of oppres-
sive policy, internally anti exterA
unity. in opposition to this the
value of human beings as such is
justly held to be worth infinitely
more than arty political or eco-
nomic goril. Systematically mu»
king people into “things” is the
greatest crime of our erri. Hence. I
fail to see any meaningful distinc-
tion between a death caused by a
B-fi‘z‘s bomb dropped from
35,000 feet and a death casucd by
a torrorist‘s bomb exploded sever-
ril hours after the craftsmun's de-
parture. lf quantified lives were ll
measure of moral correctness their
perhaps even Hiroshima could be
grotesquely justified. Butelriiming
that llonly" one man died in the
Wisconsin explosion (rind be “ac-
cidently") is one of the more
sinister manipulations one can of
feet using inhuman logic. Even the
bombers' magnanimous accep-
lattice of responsibility for their
act '5 result is pathetic.

The terrorists' intention may
Well he to iii-irr-l‘ii'crrtly alter this
country's sot'ii-liil situation by t‘ll'
urinating militarisiri, racism, tllll'lt-
rilrrin, exploitation in short.
espousing the whole litany of
hunuinisltc goals. But their py-
roti't'linics lrth- already caused
one death and. should further
ll’l'l'tll’lhltl rustic, tin-re Will be
llltll't' It is ohvnitisly absurd to
claim that llll' reckless endanger
“will of human life is itlltll't‘
lllilllilllll)"s aegis Thus we each
iif us are utterly responsible for
ourselves we can decry otluri's'
acts, but we .ilorii- irnist insuri-
thiit we do not follow their iin
iuoriil lead, To claim Ullll'l'Wlht‘ is
to nbrogate moral responsibility

and to commit the atrocities at
which, ostensibly. we are out-
raged.

Terrorism will surely result in
more repression and violence. But
aside from this consideration.
which may be a calculated result
in some mutant dialectic, it
should be realized that. here and
now. terrorism imperils individqu
lives in the service of dramatic
gesture. It seems to be not only
the American military which is
capable of disregarding human life
and which is willing to be a party
to death and suffering.

William Cameron
Department of Philosophy

To the Ed i tor:

1 would like to comment on the
astuundirrgly “intelligent” selec-
tion of garbage platted in the ASP
by that super~intel|igent AI Senin.
His editorial “Bombings on the
Campuses" in Tuesday's ASP has.
l'm proud to say, ftiiled to see the
point. i would like Mr. Seniri to
please distinguish between the
degrees of irresponsibility and
terrorism in respect to the bomb-
ings. when he states that for the
most part the bombs do "only"
property damage. Regardless of
what type of damage is perpetra-
tt-(i (be it properly or human life)
the bombings are undeniably
wrong! Simply because no human
life has been taken, or simply that
the only damage done was to the
t\lllt‘l‘l(‘llll system, does not givt‘
anyone the right or obligation to
dcstroy.nraiiu. or kill. i wonder
what Mr. St'iriii \voulrl say if his
home, or car. or wrl'c, llt‘t'tllllt‘ lllt'
next \‘Il‘ltlll of our sick society.
These idiotic bombings are not
di-striiying this I'Vll society. They
are destroying tlu- dilligi-nt labor
mg of good cur/mus and hard
working masses who l‘ltl'll their
Ity'ing by working luiril. 'l'hrtl‘sirll,
they simply Work hard all llll'll'
ltl'i' l't'i'ltnps Mr Si-ntii wouldn't
like it too riiricli if his father's

 consummate: Bombs Away!

place of occupation was ruined
with a simple bomb. 1 also wonder
if he realizes that his father's taxes
and hard Work have helped to prry
for these campuses rocked with
bombs. It isn't the evil or sick
society of America which should
bear the blame for these distur-
bances. It is radical extremistsl

Gary .1. Hull

To the Editor,

Many of us on campus were
pleased to see Albert Seniu's arti—
cle, “Bombings on the Crim-
puses." in Tuesday’s ASP. It is
one of few ASP articles which is
truly analytical of the contempo-
rary American situation, which
doesn't attempt to compromise its
position and which doesn't at-
tempt to appease every faction of
the campus community. It is writ-
ten not to satisfy. but to report
the truth as seen by the author.

As opposed to an Editorial
appearing on the same page—
which is unable to make the dis-
tietion between ignorance and re-
pression, which is blatantly igno-
rnnt of the Nixon Administra-
tion's intentions and which warns
that it would be presumptuous on
the part of the Justice Depart-
man to assume that violence and
terrorism on campus are "the
main thrust of change and activ
vism." Mr. Seniri recognizes the
nature of the Established Order
and the direction which the Sll'llg'
glc against it must take especially
if that struggle is to manifest itself
it] any real change of society. llis
articlc observes thiit, “blowing tip
induction centers will stop thi-
system more effectively than sit
ting on the steps will."

Whl'ir tllll' has hi'i'iinii- .ir'cus
toured to illt‘tlltll'l't‘ reporting and
t-ilitrii'irilixiug from ttlll' campus
iii-Wspapcr. it is a hopeful sign
that sonn-oiri- liris Wl'illl‘ll air tIt'll'
('ll‘ which pi-rt'i-rvr-s so We” tho
htlt‘ll'ly in which llll‘ author is
r-xrstirig. We would bu |)lt’i|h‘t'(l ll)
si-i- sttt‘ll integrity. so infrequently
seen in ASP i'i'porting and r-ditiiri
aiming, t‘t)|tll|lltl‘.

Alan Alpci'n
May First Strike l‘tllllllltlll‘t'

 

curd).

 

Hey Georgi

Nitrite . . . . . . . . . . . .
Address . . . . . . . . . .
City/Strite/zip . . . . . .

fiat/ii you file to «allude to
the ulbany student press?

Now you too can got the ASP delivered to
your home! Just it" out our handy iorm at
right, and send it to Sue Faulkner, Campus
Center 326, 1400 Washington Avenue, Albany,
NY. 12203. Oh, ya:— don‘t target to enclose
$4.00 lor the Fall '70 semester ($3.00 with uni

 

 


t

l
E

    

 

 

PRICE FIVE CENTS OFF CAMPUS

Albany Student Press

yoi. [VII No. 28

 

State University at New Yorlt at Albany

F.S.A. workers and their problems were among the areas probed by Central Council in its interrogation

of Peter Haley and Robert Cooley of the Faculty-Student Association.

 

"It's all t't‘t'y well to bruit/i the
him in iiit‘ Ilttltlt’ of the higher
iiioi‘rility, but the hard part
submitting to filL’ penalties iin~

posed by the itllU. "

—'John Mitchell
Life. l“eb., 1970

  
  
 
  
  

is

Justice Department

Cancels

"As you know. the Justice
Iii-piii'tlni'iil's areas of i'csponsi
liilrty such as law enforcement,
|'|\‘|l rights. and environmental
quality are also subjects of
tlt't‘ll interest to many younger
Aliici'icriiis."

'l‘lii- rilmvu is the basic rrittoir-
air for Attorney General John
N Mitchell's plair to send repre-
si-iitativr-s from llll‘ Department.
of Justice to til collegi- l‘tllll-
prises, 'l‘lii- t‘t)llt'|.{t‘.\ include
schools Ill tilt status and the
l)t.‘ilt'|('l of t‘irlumliiri. ranging In
variety front public and private
M'lltltllh, large state universities
and small colleges, religious iii-
stitiitioiis, riiiil Negro colleges.
The schools scheduled to be

 

visited in New York State iii-
cludi- SUNY Albany. SUNY

Delegation

llul'l'rito, (‘in (lollrrge of New
York. uiid \Vagiii-r College (on
Staten Island).

In an attempt to “ariswr-i
questions about the Depart
iiii-irt‘s policies rind programs."
lltri-t- representiiiiVi-s were it)
lltIVl' L‘tllllt' to Albany Stiite this
Wednesday,

l)l|l‘ to the illness of the Jus-
tice Depiu'ttiiiint's ll'tllll lender,
[ii-njniiiin llolmiin. who is the
bend of Community Relations
Services, the visit llttb bet-ii post-
poired. Although no new (lute
has been set. the team. consist.-
iiig of two men nird one woman.
is intending to set a new dnlc
for the forum.

The new date. time and place,
as well as biographical back
ground on the Will“ members,
will follow,

 

 

mold torch

 

rm October :0. obj

FSA Interrogated

by Ken Stokem

Central Council interrogated Robert Cooley. the Executive Director
of FSA and Peter Haley, Director of Food Service. last Thursday
night. in an attempt to learn more about FSA.

One of the first questions to be asked was about the existence of
discrimination in the Brubaeher Dining Area against male students
with long hair. Incidents of this have been reported to Grievance
Committee several times. Peter Haley denied having ever heard of any
problem existing in this area. He stated however that it is policy to
have anyone with long hair, male or female. cover their heads with
either a hat or hairnet.

Dick Wesley followed this with a question as to how FSA would
react to student employees unionizing to negotiate for higher wages
and better working conditions. Haley said that no student was being
paid less than the federal minimum wage of $1.60, and that more than
half were being paid above it. He further stated that an increase to a
minimum of $1.85 would be forthcoming within a week or two.

The mariner of spending profits made by FSA was another point. It
was explained that often FSA does not realize any significant profits,
only $8,000 two years ago, and that when one area of FSA does
realize a profit. such as Food Service. that it is often absorbed by
another area that incurs a loss, such as the bookstore. FSA
representatives pointed out that a profit of between SHED-175,000
was probably made last year by Food Service, but much of this would
be absorbed by a loss of business by the bookstore due to last spring’s
strike. Any monies left over would then go for internal improvements
of the many areas of FSA, and to hold the line on costs and prices.

A committee hris been set up by the Board of Directors of FSA to
determine exactly where the money is to be spent. Cooley further
pointed out that any profits left after this, must go to the Chancellor,
since FSA is a non-profit organization.

FSA was asked where the benefits. if any, of the new “caging”
policy were going. He pointed out that before it was instituted. Food
Service had been estimating that it was feeding 130 students for every
.100 meal contracts. These benefits were dismissed by Cooley as an
increase in food costs. He pointed out that there had been a calculated
risk made by FSA, that. the “caging” would enable Food Service to
hold board rates to last year's level in spite of rising costs. He further
stated that there has been no change in the quality of the food. So far
the results of the risk are unknown.

SUNY Student Editors Join
To Regain Control of Fees

Editors of nine university news-
papers rnet. here Saturday and
called for an end to mandatory
student tax and administrative re-
view uf student government bud-
gets.

The editors also laid the ground-
work for a statewide organization
of newspapers to be known as
New York Student Press Associa-
tion (NYSPA).

The editors approved an edito-
i'iril which was to be run through-
out the state and to constitute a
uniform statement of opposition
to the court order and to the
power of administrative rev iew.

'l‘ht.I editorial was addressed to
the meeting next Saturday of
State University Presidents, it.
called upoir them to take
ttttmotiiulc stops to end lllt'
"crutch" of mandatory tax and
hold ii statewide referendum on
the tax. and to establish the
groundwork for an effective
system of voluntary tax.

The editors maintained that the
effect of the court decision was to
destroy tin- autonomy of student
governance rriid the fret-(loin of
students to organizi- tlieiirselves.

The editorial said it] part: "The
procedures that. have been establi-
shed by the Executive Committee
of the Butll‘d of Trustees tillow
Urrchrsity presidents to impose
their own political beliefs and
biases on the entire system of
student governance."

The statewide editorial marked
the first. time that editors lritd ever
met in New York State to coordi-
iuttc ll joint statement of opinion.

The oditors also planned it
meeting in llinglirnntom of at least
bit statewide newspaper represeu
liilives to ratify plans for the New

 

'Yurk Student Press Association.

may wish to take.

Editors expressed the fear that
nothing significant would result
from the meeting unless pressure
were expressed on the student
presidents.

The formation of NYSPA and of
SASU both issued from the need
seen by student representatives

NYSPA would include a full
time Albany correspondent with
coverage of the legislature. the
Chancellor's office. and the State
Education Department. The Al-
bany Office, scpurute from the
Albany Student Press, would also
coordinate coverage of other crim-

puscs rind channel the news stories
to campus newspapers around the
state.

The formation of NYSPA would
also facilitate the issuance of fur-
ther statewide editorials. Albrmy
State. Stony Brook. Buffalo. Bing-
ltamtonI New Pultz. Fredoniri.
Brockport. and [unit were repre-
sented at the meeting.

The stand tiiken by the editors
did not relate to freedom of the
press. it was based, instead, on
llll‘ll' concept of student guvorn-
merit: the inherent freedom of
students to organize themselves,
the constitutional right of stu-
dents to express their own politi-
cal beliefs.

“The matter is urgent. Never has
the llt'(.'(l for constructive and col»
li-ctive action been greater. To
allow the situation to worsen is to
surrender inalienable rights. Stu-
dent Associritiun lenders face the
responsibility of reclaiming the
authority they have surrendered
through dependency on state and
university protection."

Saturday. the Student Associa-
tion of the State University
(SASU) will meet here to discuss
the ramifications of the decision
by Justice Koreiniin to place all
student funds collected by mrmdri-
tory tax under the review of the
Board of 'l‘i'ustees. The State
University presidents will also
considor any course of action they

and editors to act collectively in
confronting problems seen as
common to all campuses in the
SUNY system.

The first of these problems arose
when Justice Koreman enjoined
the Albany State Student Associa-
tion from spending any of its
funds until the Board of Trustees
had approved its budget. The
Borird of Trustees, in turn, applied
the decision to all campuses under
its jurisdiction on which munda-
tory trrx existed.

Never before had student
governments iir non-private
schools been subject to adminis-
trutch review. Tire decision. more-
over, crime at the same time as the
release of ii report by State Comp-
troller Arthur Levitt ordering it
review of tlll SUNY student
governments on the basis of in-
consistencies found in audits of
several student government books.

Several student government
leaders snw repression in these
events-a move by state officials
to deprive student governments of
the freedom to run their own
affairs and to express their politiv
eiil beliefs.

The editorial noted that the
only basis for such review was the
nature of mandatory tax and ur-
gued that the dependency on uni-
versity cooperation in the collect-
ion of the tax was. in effect, the
abdication of students‘ rights.

7 {a

- ,F..._ *

 

._,. *poa..:;...

 

