‘vow<'r-""j

r
)
r
r

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS ,

TUESDAY, MAY 5.1970

 

- A .,. we? .9

PAGE 8

ElBiE THE E£P

BEING Mt EEP MN

IN
ahﬁﬁﬂh

 

  

 
 
 

 

c - it in
’En m ransom
ll um TMIIG You

      
 
 
     

 
       

 

,/ . \‘S'4‘ - _..r
 <5§\\\?: '1’;"~“‘::$'x2m
I 4“ A  -'—-A:r".~.‘.-.;
. ,3, = man All, THEY‘VE ALREAY 
FORMOSA GUEMOY AND Mirrsu!
wmai SHWLD site’ncr om: m FDR Au. moss
: WHO Dow-,- gnisVE m CHMRMAN MM:
{ \ _. Donnie THEORY! / W

 

Editorial

 

Comment

 

STRIKE

The following editorial is a joint statement by the

editors of II major Eastern college newspapers in

support of the National Student Strike. To show our solidarity with students striking at Albany and across

the country we endorse the following statement.

President Nixon’s unwarranted and illegitimate di-
cision to send American combat forces into Cam-
bodia and to resume the bombing of North Vietnam
demands militant, immediate, and continued op-
position from all Americans. ‘

Through his unilateral executive move, the prcsr-
dent has placed our country in a state of emergency.
He has ignored the constitutional prerogatives of
Congress, and has revealed the sham ofhis policy of
Vietnamization, a policy which. through a tortuous
process of inner logic. demands that we escalate the
war in order to enable American troops to with-
draw. He has demonstrated that American foreign
policy still dictates the necessity to sacrifice Ameri-
can lives, to ravish independent countries. and to
squander our resources and energies.

The President has tragically misguaged the mood
of the country. The anti-war movement. which has
marched and protested for years in a vain effort to
reverse the US role in South East Asia. has finally
resurfaced in new and larger numbers. With Nixon‘s
lies now ﬁnally exposed. the immorality and hypo-
crisy of our government‘s actions have been revealed
for all to see.

The need for action has never been so great aird so
urgent.

We therefore call on the entire acaderrric com-
munity of this country to engage in a nationwide
University strike. We must cease business as usual. in
order to allow the University to lead and join in a
collective strike to protest America‘s escalation of
the war.

We do not call for a strike by students against the
University, but a strike by the entire University -
faculty. students. staff. administrators alike. The
reasons for such a strike arc manifold. First. it is a
dramatic symbol of our opposition to acorriipt arid
immoral war. It demonstrates clcarly otii priorities.

for the significance of classes and examinations
pales before the greater problems outside the class-
rooms...Morcchi il rccogni/cs the fact that within a

society so permeated with inequality, immorality
and destruction a classroom education becomes a
meaningless and hollow exercise.

But the necessity for a strike extends even far
beyond these reasons. The strike is necessary to free
the academic community from acticities of secon-
dary importance and to open it up to the primary
task of building renewed opposition to the war. It is
necessary to permit the academic community to
ﬁrst solidify its own opposition. and to their act
immediately to extend this opposition beyond cani-
puses.

We ask the entire academic community to use this
opportunity to go to the people. and tobring home
to the entire nation the meaning of the President‘s
actions. A massive unprecedented display ofdissent
is required.

We urge that this strike be directed toward bring-
ing about the following changes:

(1) An immediate withdrawal of all American
forces from Southeast Asia;

(2) Passage of the Senate aiirmendnrent to the De-
fensc appropriations trill to deny all aid for our mili-
tary and political adventures in South East Asia;

(3) The mobilization of public support for anti-
war candidates irr the upcoming primaries and elec-
tions;

(4) An end of political repression at home. in par-
ticular the govcriiiircnt‘s systematic attempts to eli-
minate the Black Panther Party and other political
dissidents;

(5) A reallocation of American resources from all
military involvement abroad to domestic problcriis.

in particular the problems of our belcagiircd cities;

((1) The building of support for a massive demon-
stration in Washington on May 0 to bring to the

nation's capital. or unprecedented numbers. oni op-
position.

Tlic stage has been sci. ilic rssiics clearly drawn.
the need apparent. It is now time to act.

Thank You

For those of us who worked on the Albany Stu-
dent Press this scrirestcr has been a very exciting.
fast-moving. and often frustrating experience.

We feel we have made many improvements iii the
ASP; however a great deal more remains to be ac-
complished. We believe we have gone as far as possi-
ble within the conﬁnes oftlic ASP's present internal
structure. By next fall we hope to have organised a
structure which efficiently enables its to print a vast-
ly improved. high quality university newspaper.

We would like to thank all the reporters who were
willing to do what was needed. often at a minutes
notice with it minimum of direction: Aralynir
Abare. Ken Deane. Kathy lickcrlc. Liz lilscsscr. Jiiii
Flavin. Stu l’lilyliliill. Bob Holmes. Brian Moss.

Martha Nathuiison. Judy Novicky. Militia Oillllglici.‘

Ditht' Peck. Dana‘s Santeria. liowie Schlossberg. Bob

Schwartz. Neill Shannalian. Ken
Warner. Lcslcy Wciiiblatl. and Ira Wolfnian.
Appreciation is also extended to the people who
worked on the actual physical production of the
newspaper: Gloria llollistcr. Sharon l’liilipson.
Walter Gross, AralynnAbarc. arid our iypistchndy
Lieberman. Eilccn Deming. and lillcn Kurt/.ntan.

Finally we want to thank the hard core staff who
have always been here when the need arose and sac-
rificed a great deal of time. energy. sleep. and incu-
tiil equriiiimity: (‘art 1. Nancy. Pat. Tom. l.iridri, AI.
Vicki. Jeff. Linda (“Bubbles”). Dave. Bob, (‘liuck.
Phil and Barry.

And to the staff that will take over the direction
of the paper next year we extend our love arid good
luck.

Cemmunicati’ons

 

 

 

Stokcm. lioh

FSA. Profiteering

To the Editors, Gary and Anita:

At the April 30 meeting of Cen-
trril Council, it was brought up
that the bookstore is planning to
operate on a profit basis next
year, and would. for one thing.
eliminate the 5% discount on text-
books. And food service is pre-
sently reaping in tens of thou-
sands of dollars in proﬁts
($161,000 this year).

I would like to know why FSA
feels it must profit off a captive
student body. It seems to me that
the only justification for the exis—
tence of FSA is that itshouldbene-
fit the students in the most effi-
cient. yet least expensive way.

Of course. FSA’s brilliant ra-
tionale to any question would be
that students can be better served
by the funds that it sucks in. In
other words, students indirectly
benefit from FSA's disbursement
of funds.

I maintain that if FSA is truly
looking out for the student, it
would reduce the already out-
rageously high prices in the book-
store, and cut food costs to a
point at which the organization
would be genuinely non-profit.

Sincerely,
Bob Warner
ASP Staff Reporter

Cambodia

To the Editors:

Before everyone gets carried
away with a general uproar against
American involvement in Cam-
bodia, I think that we must pre-
sent the pro-involvemcnt argu-
ments before they get drowned in
the rush. I have hereby compiled
what I think are three outstanding
reasons for increased participa-
tion.

I) First of all, the American
military needs a new playground.
They have just about devastated
all the hills and villages in South
Vietnam, which just takes all the
fun out of the war—I mean. you
can't count up the number of hills
you take and surrender strateg-
ically to the enemy. There are all
those fresh hills and villages in
Cambodia. Meanwhile. the mili-
tary in its restlessness has had to
resort to trivial invasions like that
of Trinidad (where's that?) So.
we need to give them a place to
use up all that power-otherwise.
just being idle, we might be sub-

ect to some un-American. radical

i
idea like disbanding the army

entirely.

2) Due also in port to the total
devastation in South Vietnam,
every head in this country has
suddenly become aware of the
decrease in quality and quantity
of that good Vietnamese grass. We
need a new garden. What better
spot than Cambodia? In fact, I
just get stoned thinking about the
flood of Cambodian grass that
should hit the market about this
time next year.

3) Lastly, everyone realizes that
the anti-war movement needs a
big lift. a new basis. After all.
Vietnam is old! Just think of it—
get out of Cambodia NOW!!
Meanwhile. everything’s been stag-
nating and although you get. peo-
ple running around screaming
about the environment and the
Chicago 7 and the Panthers, but
we all know who they are! And
they're only minor compared to
the prospect of screaming about
something so far away as Cam-
bodia. So, here is a grand oppor-
tunity, the new joining factor. our
grand impetus.

How can these reasons, the
height of logic. ever be refuted?
Obviously. they cannot hie—but
I’m sure they will eventually be
lost in the general clamor for get~
ting out of Cambodia.

Mike Pollastro

First Graders

To the Editors:

This afternoon I went to hear
Senator Stratton discuss his views
on South East Asia. I personally
do not agree with Senator Strat-
ton. but I feel that an opinion
cannot be intelligently construct-
ed on the basis of one-sided infor-
motion.

The students of this university
could not let the man speak. Act'
ing like first graders who have not
yet learned self-control. students
interrupted his speech at every
possible point. Are these the peo-
ple who want to vote at 18? They
can’t even listen to both sides of
an issue. in a college no less. a
place of learning!

It seems as if democracy has
gone out of style. “I may not
agree with what he says. but. I will
defend to the death his right to
say it."

Is God now on our side?

 

asp

Name Withheld

 

Class of Will and is funded

457-3430.

Managing Editor
News Editors . . . . . . . .

zlssistnnlNriiis Editors . . .

Sports Editors

The Albany Student Press is published twice a week by the
Student Association of the State University of New York at
Albany. The ASP editorial office is located in room 334 of the
Campus Center building. This newspaper was founded by the

457-2100 and 457-2104. if no answer. messages may be left at

Editors in'('hii'/
(tary (tell and Anita ’I‘Iiiryi-r

m; Editor . . , . .

'l‘cchni'cal Editors . . . . . .
(.‘ity Editor . . . . .
Wire St'ruicu Editor . . .
ltusiiiess Manager

(.‘iri'ulntion r’llunngur . .
Production Manager

Advertising Manager

National Ad Manager
Photography Editor . . . .

 

All communications should be addressed to the editors and must be
signed. Nam" will be withold on request. Lotion are limited to 300
words and are subject to editing. Editorial policy at the Albany Student
PM It determined by the Edttnmin-Chlot.

by student tax. ASP phones are

I’m ()"Ili-rii
Nancy Doris/i

. .(‘nrol Hughes
. . . . . . .Allb'vnin
... . . .  Vicki Zuldin
Linda Waters
. . . . . , . Robert Euniilunt
. llniic Fink

. . ’I‘oni ('liiigan
Linda Stuazuh
Iiirrry Ii'irsr'hncr
rlriilyiin .'\f)tll't’

. (‘hiich Itihah
Sharon l’liili/raon
. .(iloriu llntlistor
.Ic/f Rodgers

l’hit tv‘riinchini'

A tidy lloclibcrg

 

 

    
 
  

 

 

by Barry Kirschner

Approximately 3,000 demon-
strators marched on the Capitol
Building in Albany. demanding:

1) The release of Bobby Scale
and all political prisoners.

2) Th: immediate withdrawal
of U. S. from the current
indoCbinese War.

3) The end of university com-
plicity with U.S. Department of
Defense.

4) That FSA donate $25,000 to
the Black Panther Defense Fund.

Q \ .' HUl

 

Volume IV" Number 20

The Strike Gog; Q

3000

 

ALBANY STUDENT
PRESS

The march originated at the
SUNYA uptown campus with
fewer than 2.000 persons and
continually picked up momentum
and people as it moved towards
the Capitol. Following ii few brief
speeches in front of the Capital.
the marchers, still about, 3.500
strong. sat in at. Broadway and
State Street, at the steps of the
federal building.

The mnrch disrupted lruffic
along Washington Avenue; the
State and Broadway intersection
was effectively sealed for about

and then to the Albany Federal Building.

Wednesday Night Gym Rally:

Strike Direction Discussed

by Martha Nathanson

The riilly was held in the gym
tonight since LCiB isn't sufficient
to hold the large numbers it
students that turned out. Initial
announcements that were made
by Jack Schwartz included a list
of some of i 15 colleges that hich
gotta out on strike. He also
mentioned that those who have
U.S. savings bonds should send
letters with their serial numbers.
saying that if the war isn't ciitlctl.
they will cash in the bonds.

"Classes are still going on hero
and our first. priority is it shuts
down of the classes so liberation
classes can be hold, then the
community can be reached. A
boycott of all luxury goods can be
effective and everyone should buy
only necessities."

A representative of the Black
Ptllllllt‘i‘ Party rose to speak and
told the history of the party rind
enumerated on l.ll(' it) points that
the party stands for. Basically it is
for self-detorinirration of all black
people. Several of the points were
exemption for all black men from
lill‘ military service. release from
jails for iill black man, rind for all
black men brough to trial. ii trial
by jury by his peers.

John Kaufman explained about
the turnpike incident of several
duyH ago. The reason they all
pulled out was that it was too

 

dangerous rind they should put
their efforts in a place that's more

appropos. He suggested that
everyone sleep tomorrow
morning. but (lid encourage

people to pit‘kcl the classroom
buildings and discourage people
from going to classes. Then at
1:00 there is to be a rally in brick
of the Campus Center from which
everyone will go about and work
to shut down classes completely.
After thiil. liberation workshops
will be held in the Humanities and
Social Science buildings. The
topics that will be covered were
read aloud, as well as the teachers
who will be assisting. A meeting
will he held tomorrow night
Wiicl‘l‘ suggestiuns as to further
action will be made.

A representative of the
Women‘s Liberation Movement
spoke of coordination and using
Albany its the center for 25
colleges. Also someone told about
the Sll‘llit' newspaper that will be
coming out thiil will help coor-
dinrile the strike.

it was announced that Albany
High is going on strike rind ncutls
help iii shutting it down.

At 12:00 there will be it
meeting in the Ballroom of the
faculty for the calling of ii faculty
strike.

Then there was a speaker from
the Third World Liberation Front.

 

c.s'

State University of New York at Albany

one hour. The march was orderly;
the only injuries known by this
reporter occurring to two students
in the demonstration. These were
a result of being hit by nbjects
thrown by spectators along the
route. At least one of these
injuries occurred near a con-
struction site downtown. Both
students were taken to Albany
Medical Center and later released.

Students from RPI and Sierra
also participated in the rally at. the
Capitol. In view of the excep-
tionally cold weather, the turnout

- it | '

ill
I

     
   

'

Approximately 3,000 individuals participated in a peaceful march from the new campus to the Capitol.

They are supporting the strike but
urged strongly for the white
students not to sit back and wait
for them. for if they don't have
equality. we are nothing.“You
shouldn’t wait for us to tear
down the flag but do it your
selves. At. this point someone
tore down the American flag that
was hanging behind the rostrum.
'l‘hLI mood in the gym immed~
irilcly changed. Students bocrimc
angry. They felt thirl the
American flag was still a symbol
for them rind they wortI fighting
for it. The flag was hung (men
"1011'.

.-

    

"Demonstrators March on D

was especially enormous in com-
parison with past demonstrations.
The mood of the participants was
serious. Chants of “1-2-3-4. we
don‘t want your fucking war."
and “5-6-7-8 we don't. want your
racist stale" informed spectators
along the march route what the
participants stood for. Leaflets
were also passed out to people in
the area of the demonstration.

At the Capitol brief speeches
by a member of the strike
committee. a representative of the
Third World Liberation Front and
ii leader of Sicnn College's strike
were made. A coffin with refer‘
circus to the Kent State killings

and Black Panther trials was
deposited at the steps of the
building. President Nixon was

hung and burned in effigy.

There were absolutely no eon-
frontations between the marchers
and any police whatsoever. The
demonstrators came equipped
with first aid trucks ready for
anything including gun shot
wounds, and the crowd had been
instructed as to what procedure
should be followed if chemical
mace or tear gas flow. However.
no such developments occurred.

in fact, the absence of police
was conspicuous. This reporter
saw no city police along the entire
march route until a few blocks

  

   

Thursday. May 7. i970

from the Capitol. Those police
that were in the neighborhood
were directing traffic. When this
reporter questioned a policeman
concerning his feeling about the
sit-in at Broadway and State and
how long it might go on. he
responded with words to the
effect of “until their asses get
cold. i guess."

Part of the credit for the
orderly fashion at the march must
go to the mirrshalls who did an
excellent job of directing the
marchers and traffic. There were
at least two minor incidents
between the demonstrators and
drivers of vehicles determined to
get through the crowd. but
nobody was hurt.

And what did the people who
were watching think? Some
showed support for the demon-
strators by raising two fingers in
the peace sign. while some others
either signaled their disapproval or
were too tired to raise one of their
fingers. Possibly a typical reaction
was given by one lady this
reporter approached asking what
she thought of the march and its
aims. "i don't agree with Nixon
but i don‘t agree with these
methods either. You say it's been
peaceful but. not. to me. i can't.
even got my bits now."

(hie Person’s thoughts:
 Why They March

"What are (trey doing this for, daddy?"

After eight miles, down and back. after nearly five hours of fighting
26 mile an hour wind. it came from a little girl. no older than ten.
After you‘ve pushed yourself that long. a question like that can send

you dizzy.

"Why the niititancy? What was the substance of the militaney?

Where is it all headed. daddy."

In a crisis situation you think about things you've never thought
about before. The very bigness and near-hopelessness of the whole

thing presses in--They

say make a

decision. Learn-quickly.

Dccide-now--before it all comes down.

Even the pacifist becomes militant in a situation of national crisis.
He becomes all the more determined-for what is milituncy but
determination. And perhaps every true revolutionary is n pacifist at
heart for he works for the day when social strife is a thing of the past.

The March was militant and the strike is militant and the struggle
against war and racism and stupid National Guard is militant because
ifit‘snot determined to win. it's nothing.

The Nixons provoke and provoke and isolate themselves-that is
their weakness. 'l‘hey uncover the latent hostility in all of us.

But. skirmishes only reveal the size of the other army. Cambodia
reveals our whole foreign policy. Kent State reveals the oppression at
home-arguinst till suppressed minorities Suddenly. the whole thing is ii

lot bigger than it scented.

So where do we start. We start with the determination to clear our
heads. to listen, to talk for the first time about all that which we've
avoided by coming to school. We start by freeing the university for its
first purpose-- to make us citizens ol' the stiite. to miikc us responsive

continued to page 2

Statement From President Kuusistii

To the University Community:

incidents of the punt twenty-four hours. including
the fires. rnolotov cocktails. rind injuries to students.
bnvc created an atmosphere of concern for personal
safety among students and faculty. l share this
Cullt't‘t‘ll deeply; however. the decision to close the
university can only be made by the Board of
'l‘rustecs. This policy has been confirmed to me by
members of the Central Administration. i want you
to know that w will be taking every possible
avenue open to us iit this point to insure the safety
of each member of the university community.

I have been joined in this concern by many
members of the faculty and student body who have
volunteered to help protect the residence halls
during this period. As an institution we are pledged
to take all possible steps to insure the safety of all

oitr students. During the next few (lays those who
wiin to attend classes should do so. I ask all faculty
to understand those students who feel they should
engage in discussing the major issues facing society
while, at the same time. curing for the needs of the
runny students who desire to continue the normal
pattern of their education. l hich asked the vice
presidents of academic and student affairs to assist
faculty and students to plan appropriate activities
for these days.

To those students who participated in the march
from the campus to downtown Albany today i
would like to express my thanks and
congratulations for the commendable way in which
they behaved and i expect the seriousness of their
concern will continue to be reﬂected.

Allan A. Kauai-to

