 

 

6

 

Editors’ note:

The following is taken from the New Patterns of
Education. a report prepared by a special committee
of the Undergraduate Academic Affairs Council
during the fall of 1967. In spring 1968 it was
accepted by Senate. The Excerpts below are pub-
lished in the hope that they might provide some
useful infornialion for students participating in to-
dayw Dialogues. (See the article on page 3).

SUMMARY OF PURPOSES AND GOALS

The university is of course, dedicated to the
historic mission of discovering and transmitting
knowledge and ideas. The modern university must
give great attention to the development of new
knowledge gand to the reinterpretation of old truths.

At Albany we agreed that we should take a broad
view of our mission and make the search for new
knowledge and understanding a joint venture for
students and faculty. But from whatever field know-
ledge is to be transmitted, the student should not be
deprived of the joy of rediscovery. In the social
sciences and the humanities the study of the past may
often give us more questions than answers, but we
still face the problem of determining which are the
best questions. One meaning of being civilized is the
quality of questions with which one faces eXTstence.
Old insights and ideas give us a kind of agenda With
which to face life. Old ideas tend to retain their
vitality if they address themselves to some fundamen-
tal aspect of existence which does not become
outmoded under new historical conditions. Yet it is
not enough to merely transmit ideas since their form
and substance are usually limited by the objective
conditions under which they arose. They need to
reformulated and modified in the light of new
circumstances and new ways in which the perennial
problems present themselves.

We were convinced from the very beginning that
the tone and style of the Albany University should
play down the mere transmission of knowledge as in
an intellectual cafeteria. Where transmission can be
achieved by educational technologies. it should be
done. We should not use faculty time in doing things
for students that they can do for themselves or which
can be accomplished with machines.

The student-faculty relationship should be focused
on the intellectual process by which new knowledge
is discovered. the interpretation of the meaning and
significance of that knowledge and the analysis of
those fundamental questions of human existence
which confront the world. The themes of inquiry.
creativity, relevance, and involvement were basic to
all our considerations.

The university should be characterized by the joint
venture of students and faculty in perceiving under-
standing, and improving the world. The adventurous
search in the 'realms of thought and sensibility will
give meaning and significance to human activity. The
university must do more than train people to perform
the sophistocated functions: of modern society; it
must critically examine the way in which those
functions are performed and constantly re-cxamine
their relevance and signiﬁcance to improving the
quality of human existence.

The university must also discover, define and assess
the problems that confront society. It is simulta-
neously engaged in conserving and transmitting the
values of the past and acting as critic and also as agan
for the generation of new values. Its capacity to
conserve the past depends on its ability to make
constructive contribution to the future depends on its
ability to link new knowledge to historic human
purposes.

In the broadest possible terms. the primary func-
tion of the university is to prepare the student to
meet an unknown future. The university must pro-
vide the student with knowledge relevent to his
personal, professional, and social rules. More import
anct than the knowledge itself are the habits and
skills for acquiring new knowledge and confronting
new situations. Perhaps most important are the ideas
attitudes and questions with which members of the
academic communtity will face the future. The
university is the place to develop what Alfred North
Whitehead has beautifully called an “adventure of
ideas." It is here that one learns that the adventure
can be joyous even playful. that it is one of the most
rewarding of human activities. and that the game is
for the highest stakes. since the quality of life itself is
at issue.

One of the distinctive characteristics of the Albany
campus should be its concern for study on an
interdisciplinary level, and should be a characteristic
of both graduate ﬁndundergraduatcsof both graduate
and undergraduate work. 'l'neorganizational structure
of the university should stimulate andfacilitate con-
tacts among the disciplines.

Further the university should seek to bring about
a fruitful relationship between those
involved in the education of man as man. and till!
programs which man must muster in his role as a
member of a professional guild. Many constructive
relationships are possible betwccn purely academic
studies and professional programs. Worn out dogmas
about the distinction between pure iind applied
research. between general and specialized study
should be discarded.

The concerns for interdisciplinary work. the associa-
tionof professional and academic studies and the
relationship between pure and applied research. sug
gests that ii central concern of the university should
be the bioad issues of social and political policy at
whatever level. Our assessment of the human con-
dition in our times indicated that the university
should encourage involvement, both of students and
faculty, in the basic problems confronting society
One of the clearest statements of our purposes and

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

FRIDAY, MARCH 20, 1970

 

 

NEW PATTERNS FOR UNERGRADUATE EDUCATION

goals was provided by Professor Audrey Kouval. and
is reproduced here with only slight modification:

The university is the human institution designed to
serve human needs, and in each age the great
universities have influenced not only their own
society but the development of manknind to the
extent in which they have been sensitive to the needs
of their historic place and moment."

At several sessions. particularly in the beginning
and at the end, the committee tried to formulate and
make explicit the fundamental principles underlying
this report. Each of these could easily be treated in a
separate essay, and they are enumeratedhere in only
summary fashion, and not even in order of import-
ance.

SOME GUIDING PRINCIPLES

1. Balance

The university is not only committed to providing
"trained personnel," but it is also under great
pressure to provide the research and development
ncecessary in the arts, sciences, technology, and
administration. Even those institutions which in the
past were primarily concerned with the quality of
human life and existence, are now inundated by
practical demands which they have come to serve
with remarkable success. It is a long way from the
Whiffenpoof Song to the Manhattan project. The
Undergraduate Committee was wholeheartedly agreed
on the principle that the university must not only
meet these demands but must also find a way of
balancing individual. private, humane needs. It must
also assist students in finding ways of deriving
personal satisfaction and a meaningful private exist
once within the requirements of a mass media
technologically orientated society. In a sense, the
university has the enormous task of serving two
masters. It was our view that we should notsacrifice
one set of demands for the other, and that while we
advance specialized study and research at the highest
professional level in the arts and sciences, that we also
advance general education in the liberal arts and take
seriously the art of living well and the purposes for
which men live and die. Although this problem is
ancient. it has never been felt with greater urgency
that at this time in human evolution.
2. ’l'ransnalianalisni

The university is an international, or. as we prefer
to say. a 1ransnalionalinstitution. Teaching in the
disciplines should transcend national boundaries both
as to content and method. Students should be
enabled to live in a world which is “rapidly becoming
a village.“ The international dimension of academic
activity was stressed at nearly eVery major point in
our deliberations.

It is hoped that by 1970. ﬁve per cent of our
student body will be international and that by 1975
it might rise to ten per cent. This would call for a
substantial expansion in the office of the internation-
al student advisor and other supporting offices.

International education programs should be greatly
expanded and four types are suggested.

A. Programs of study abroad for those directly
involved in language-based disciplines.

Study and research abroad for those in a
non-language based discipline but which necessitates
going abroad to study particular problems.

C. Service programs abroad.

D. lntcrnation general education.

The Committee urges the establishment of a
research center for area studies at Albany which
would lend support to these international activities.
We should also take advantage of the regional offices
of SUNY which are being established in different
parts of the world.

The Committee also supports the idea of establish
ing an international residence quadrangle to house
students who are primarily involved in the study of
languages and language-based disciplines. Apartments
should also he madtI available for visiting internation-
al professors.

(The above rccommcndations were drawn from the
deliberations of the Area Studies Advisement Com‘
mittee of the College of Arts and Sciences, minutes of
meeting of December 12. 1967.)

ii. Flexibility

We postulated that society would continue to
undergo rapid changes, and that the university must
tlwrcforu be able to nccomodate itself to new
(luvclopmans often with inadequate lead time. as in
the early Peace Corps programs. that it be open to
innovation and experiment. not only in curriculum
and program of studies. but also in the administration
and management of its own affairs.

Tl. (,‘r'nlruli'ly ofthc Student

The central focus in undergraduate education is
still the sludan and we agreed that we should
attempt to maximize tch iircu of student choice
within a broad academic framework and to rcgard thi-
studcnt as an adult Willi the primary responsibility
for his own development. One consequence of this
principle is it great cniphasis upon iiiilcpcndciil study,
as will become evident elsewhere in this report.
5. Inquiry

'I‘hi- various programs of study as wall as touching
methods should stress discovery and rc-discovury. the
broadening and heightening of curiosity iuid the
actch pursit of knowledge no matter where it may
lead. Even in our secondary function as a transmitter
of accumulated knowledge, we should organize the
learning experience so as to stress the spirit and
requirements of thc process of inquiry.

6. Creativily

Although this notion has been overworked in

recent educational literature. it is nonetheless rele-
vant It is especially pertinent to the question “who is
a good student?" Our own response is not formulated
in terms of grades credits and examinations but
through creative activity whether in the arts, sciences,
or the affairs of man. How original, inventive,
independent is the student in using, applying, dis
covering making, and doing.

7. Relevance

Although the university should continue to provide
some ivory towers and make provision for study and
research at a given time. the bulk of the university‘s
undergraduate activity should relate directly to the
existential world. It should assess and define the
needs of society, and relate its activity to the market
place, to questions of political ideologies and religion,
to government. and to voluntary organizations of all
descriptions. In short, the relevance of the university
is not only to the needs of the “techno-structure "
but also to all aspects of human existence.

In the same way, we feel that the University at
Albany should meet and develop the challenge of new
and essentially unique conditions rather than attempt
to imitate models from the past, however, successful.
Our broad obligations may be broken down into four
areas, the demands of which may sometimes appear
to be conﬂicting:

1. The need of human society as a whole.

2. The requirements of the community in which
we find ourselves

3. The capacities and goals of the students who
come to us

‘1. The commitment we set ourselves to pure
investigation and inquiry as an end in itself. This is
not to say that we should incorporate nothing from
the past, nor learn anything from contempory experi»
ment it is simply to state that our prime task is to
discover our identity and reformulate the purposes of
the university.

8. Educational Technology

We agreed that the new media and educational
technologies should be used freely and with he
quency, but always in the best interest of the student
and not the business office. We took a positive
approach to the new educational technologies which
we see primarily as a means of enhancing and
maximizing professorial talents and improving in-
struction. Without question, we rank at the top of
instructional methodology the personal contact hc~
tween professor and student; however, we must also
take into account that there is and will be a shortage
of professors for the forsccable future. It is important
that we do not waste the professor by using him to
perform inferior tasks which can be adequately
achieved through mechanical innovation. Our guiding
principle here is that we do not mechanizc the
teacher when a gadget is available. and that we take
care to use the human teacher where only a human
contact can do the job. We recognize that many
functions can be performed adequately and often
better by modern technology.

9 EducationalPluralism

In order to increase the student's freedom and his
range of choices, we agreed that we would provide at,
least two or more piiths for every major educational
goal. If the student is to be regarded as an adult. then
he should have the opportunity to make his own at
the undergraduate level. The principle of educational
pluralism is analogous to the concept of consumer
choice in classical economic theory.

l0. Separation oflt‘ualuation from Instruction

Closely related to the ideas of flexibility and
independent study is the conviction that the system
of evaluation. course credits, grades and other related
matters need to be raised to a higher plane. In broad
outline, the views of the Committee are as follows:

1. Evaluation of student achievement through 2]
variety of devices in addition to conventional examil
nations e.g. creative works, performances, disserur
tions. original papers et cetera.

2. Evaluation of student achievement by larger
units or fields of study.

.'l. Dre-emphasis of Courses and course credits

‘1. An external system of evaluation, not ncccs
sarily course by course. in which the evaluation
would be made by qualified persons who (lid not
actually teach the student.

5. Credit by examination, whether throung the
agency of established organizations, such as E'I‘S or a
SUNYA office of evaluation.

II. The Academic Calendar

The perfect calendar may cxisl as a platonic ideal.
but we doubt it. We examined various alternativus
and found that each had its special iiiipcrfcctioiis
The ultimate Choice is an exercise in tch rcconcilia
tion and COITIPI‘DITIISL‘ the Committee was plcasantly
surprised to find that it could agree and reach
unanimity with a minimum of dcbiitc.

in our judgment the most significant priority III
choosing a calendar is to find one which would
maximize our flexibility so that the various path-rm
suggested in this study could be more readily lllll’l“
Incntcd. When looked at in this perspective llll'
semester system seems to be the most rigid.

The committee, therefore, rccommcnda lhal wI'
investigate the adoption of a three-quarter sysli-m or
some variation such as the three-three. ln ci'fcvl. llll>
means retaining the academic year as we hich it a!
present. dividing it. however, into three parts instead
of two. Wu lcavc open the question of ostublishiiiil 5‘
full summcr quarter which rcmiiins as a possibility

The three-quarter system enabch us to pmVidt'
courses both of shorter and longer duration. It makes
it possible for students to take a quarter off for Work.
Olhur types of experience, internships, et cetera. it in

also of great utility in increasing the mobilit of
faculty so. that they may do research, travel. coniult.
or engage In field work. The three-three system would
relieve the students of considerable pressure while
also freeing them for independent study. The latter
could be structured and put. on a credit basis if and
when we consider it desirable.

The detailed disposition of this question is deferred
to the next phase of discussion and implementation.

NEW AND OLD PATTERNS

The Committee discussed a vast variety of special-
ized topics but it devoted- the largest part of its
efforts to new and old patterns of undergraduate
education. The heart of our report is to be found' in
this section.

After a brief flight of fantasy during which time
the Committee almost succumbed to the malaise of
most curriculum reformers, namely to seize upon a
single monolithic plan, we recovered quickly and
returned to our basic idea of educational pluralism;
[here is not one pattern of undergraduate education.
but many. Students and faculty should have a broad
range of choice. Educational pluralism and flexibility
emerged as firm operational principles.

Inducing educational change is a delicate matter .
and we sought to find a balance between tradition
and innovation. We agreed that there is much to be
said in justification of the existing pattern of under-
graduate education at SUNYA and that it should not
be scuttled. On the other hand. it should not be
rigidified and thus constitute a barrier to additional
innovations and experiments. At one of our student-
faculty seminars, the question was raised, “What‘s
wrong with our present system?" Our reply was
simple. It is good, but does not go far enough.

Our idea of educational pluralism seeks to bring
about a harmonious relationship among a limited
humber of academic subcultures. In a real sense.
choice ultimately left to the student, and the univer-
sity serves as an educational “market-place” in which
various patterns of undergraduate education may
compete for the enlightened commitment of both
students and faculty. It is the recommendation of the
Committee that the educational programs of the
university be deliberately structured to maximize the
student‘s freedom of academic action within the
university. We do not expect young students to know
precisely what pattern is best for them. But since we
are encouraging the sstudent to experiment. to
choose among a variety of choices. we must also
make it possible for him to alter his decision from
time to time. without prejudice and with a minimum
loss in time, money, credit. or esteem.

The patterns that we are recommending at this
juncture will undoubtedly have to be modified, or
even abandoned at a later date. We are, therefore,
urging an administrative style or posture which will
accommodate smoothly to major social changes and
facilitate readjustmenls of the internal structure of
the university to meet new needs.

Through the centuries, the administration of higli-
ter education has been among the most conservative
in the western world. Despite the fact that in
academia we are supposed to live on the intellectual
frontier to face new ideas constantly, it remains that
in educational administration there is a strange desire
to live with and maintain antiquated procedures No
institution has retained more medieval and renaisv
sance forms than the university. not even the Roman
Catholic Church. We seem to be tethered to atrophied
monastic and agrarian traditions. The Committee is
not advocating the abandonment of the old forms
simply because they are old; it is merely recommend-
ing that we be prepared to make changes regularly,
systematically, to greet all new conditions, welcome
some, and adjust to the inevitable without despair.

The report of the Committee is not intended as a
critique of the prevailing system; we were asked to

Most new and to revise old patterns in order to
cope more successfully with our enlarged scope of
activity. We are, indeed, iecommending that the
present pattern of undergraduate education can be
retained, i.e.. the continuance of University College
with its present requirements and administrative
structure, and also the system of upperlevel depart
mental major and second ﬁeld sequences both in the
General and Teacher Education Programs. Students
and faculty presently committed to the existing
pattern can continue "business as normal.” But while
we recommend retaining University College, we also
wish to use it as a foundation upon which to build.
We are. therefore, recommending live additional
patterns. several of which can be regarded as innova-
tions or experimental programs.

’l‘hrl 'I‘hrcc-Ycur Master's

We share the premise, held by many
educators and students of contemporary American
society, that the goal of universal high school
education is in process of being replaced by two years
of junior and community college. or equivalent We
therefore recommend thal serious studan be give
the opportunity to inlvgralc what is now conven-
tionally known as the junior and senior year with the
one year master's into a unified and cohcrcnl
thrcc<ycar program. clumiiuiting in a master‘s dcgrcc
We urge that the State University at Albany provide
the opportunity to large numbers ofsiudcnts to work
straight through to u master's degree by three years of
study beyond the sophomore lchl. The faculty
should examine during the next decades the possi-
bility of eventually phasing out the bachelor's degree
in selected areas. However. the eventual status of the
bachelor's degree should not inﬂuence our evaluation
of the proposed three year master's.

The three-year master's has numerous advantages,

and has already been adopted by scores of universities
in the United States. It makes possible more system-
atic planning of the student’s program, assists in the
clarification of individual student goals, and in the
identification of academically talented students. It
also helps avoid the overlap between conventional
undergraduate education and the first year of grad-
uate study (at another institution).

The General College. Much time was given to the
discussion of the General College, which is to be
conceived on a strikingly different model from the
existing University College. The General College
should have its own faculty and administration, be
given maximum autonomy to determine its own
curriculum and to provide for its own self-governance
with respect to faculty recruitment, promotions.
tenure and salaries.

We see its faculty as consisting of scholas who are
great teachers. who aim at wisdom rather than, but
not opposed to, specialized knowledge. The General
College should have a dean who is distinguished for
his broad general learning and humane aspirations as
an educator. The faculty should draw men and
women of wide experience and diverse intellectual
preparations.

may very well include specialists who have
deliberately withdrawn from further specialized inves—
tigations in order to devote themselves to the more
general but philosophical and humanistic approaches
to inquiry. We recommend that several distinguished
professorships be assigned to this faculty to give it
tone and a proper ambience. Only those professors
who are outstanding teachers should be eligible for
the faculty.

Administratively. the General Collcgc should re-
port directly to the senior academic official below the
president or, indeed. to the president. It should
formulate its own standards for tenure and promo-
tion. independent of the separate departments It
should also control its won salary schedules, overall
budget and enjoy equal material support.

The curriculum and program of studies should be
largely determined by its own faculty, but in a
continuous forum or dialogue with the university
faculty. Although the Committee did not extend
itself to a detailed consideration of program, it does.
in the case of the General College. recommend that
the pattern of numerous discrete courses be aban-
doned for other approaches which would be largely
interdisciplinary in character. stressing larger units of
study rather than the individual courses. While we see
the entire process of higher education as attempting a
reconciliation between personal and professional
needs the General College would stress the more
general human and personal aspirations of the stu-
eat.

The Departmental Program. The Committee recom-
mends that students be given the option of placing
their total education within the hands of a single
department. In practice, this would mean that a
freshman enrolling for a four-year bachelor's degree
could select a departmental major upon acceptance
into the university, and that his program would then
be completely under the jurisdiction of a single
department. We propose that each department set up
its own system of counseling and academic advise-
ment, and establish its own procedures. Some may
want to tailor programs to individual students. Others
may turn the students lose, and still others may set
up a well-defined pattern (or patterns) to which
students must conform, cg, it might simply require
the present patterof University College prior to
declaring a major at the junior level. In any event. we
would leave the decision to the departments and
recommend that the university legislate only the bare
minimum standards, and thus maximize departmental
freedom at the undergraduate level for the entire
four-year period. A student with a passion for music,
or physics. or English, or whatever, would commence
his study under the auspices of masters in that field
and receive not only guidance for his-her specialized
work, but also for general and leberal arts education.

One important stipulation which applies to the
departmental program. as it does. indeed, to all the
programs suggested in this report, is that adequate
provision be made to assure students of the possi-
bility of “swapping horses midstream," to change
from one program to another with some case and no
prejudice. We insist, rather strongly, that students be
given academic mobility within the university, and
that they be free to move from one program to
another with a minimum of administrative and
faculty restraint.

Independent Study. independent study is a means of
learning, but as a goal of education it far transcends
in importance any issue of method alone. Inde-
pendent study should not be considered apart from
the total aims of higher education. In relation to
these aims, it involves both the form and the content
of the educational process. It is, in fact. both a
philosophy and a method. and above all, a spirit or
atmosphere in which this process can develop. If we
conceive the process of independent study as the
maturing of the individual‘s learning capacity. then it
is education itself. In other words, in the last analysis,
only independent study is effectivo study, since the
implied contrary, "dependent study," is by definition
not a sell'gcncrating process and cannot form a valid
educational concept.

We strongly recommend that all necessary steps be
taken to make independent study a dominant factor
on the Albany Campus.

Sp sci/[cs

l) Cooperation with existing plans to grant
credit by examination. e.g., ETS, New York State

PAGE 7

Department of Education College Proficiency Pro-
gram, et cetera.

2) Elaboration and extension of SUNYA pro-
grams for credit by examination.

3) Increase support of students engaged in inde-
pendent study by liberalizing access to laboratories
libraries and instructional resources (including the
most recent and advanced educational technologies
and media).

4) Widespread publication and dissemination of
'S'yl'iﬂlbl. bibliographies, examinations and other ma-
eria s.

5) Establishment of an administrative office for
independent study at the level of either the deans
or academic vice-president to guide and encourage
this activity.

6) The use of independent study as a technique
within within the structure of courses, e.g.. reading
periods. in addition to the broader devices suggest-
ed above

7) Provision for a structured independent study
program in the event a three-three calendar is
adopted. In addition to the normal three course
load per quarter, students could be given the
opportunity of pursuing a parallel independent
study project. The amount of supervision, in such
cases. could vary from complete independence to
relatively close close collaboration with a single
professor or a faculty group. (This recom-
mendation in no way replaces the unstructured uses
of independent study).

The Experimental College The State University of
New York at Albany should create an experimental
college designed to develop a program of liberal
education by integrating the last three years of high
school and the first two years of college. Students
would be admitted at the beginning of the tenth
grade and prepared for admission to the larger
university community at the junior year.

This kind of institution may replace, or at least
provide an alternative to, the traditional liberal arts
college. These years appear to provide a superb
opportunity for an institution devoted to liberal
studies within the American system of higher educa-
tion. The Experimental College should have an
autonomous status within the university with its own
faculty and with ample authority to experiment This
proposal is also premised on the likelihood that
increasing numbers of American families not only will
be able. but willing to send their children away to
school at age fifteen.

It is important that the College, while autonomous.
should be associated with the university. Individual
students should, under certain conditions. be permit-
ted to take courses in the university when their own
development requires it. It also should be possible for
faculty of the Experimental College to offer
courses in the university, but theirprimary allegiance
should be to the College. The College administration
should also be enabled to use the services of
professors in the university for special courses and
lectures. The College faculty will. however, govern
itself. especially with respect to salaries, promotions,
tenure and program ofstudies.

Although we propose to cover the traditional three
years of high shcool and the two years of the lower
division in four years, acceleration is not the purpose
of the College. An integrated plan should economize
some of the student:s time.

We also propose to use up to three summers for
educational experiences (which in effect is the fifth
academic year). One summer should be an intensive
study of a second language. Ideally, this would
include living and studying abroad, and might include
one regular semester as well as the summer. Another
summer should be devoted to an offcampus experi-
ence with art or science. such as those provided now
by Professor Vincent Schaefer for high school seniors
at Whiteface Mountain and other locations. The third
summer should be spent in direct contact with some
important social problem.

We believe that the Experimental College is the
creative response to the educational. demographic
and economic fo forces presently confronting us. It
attempts a new kind of resolution of the present
tensions between liberal education and specialization
which now exist in American higher education. The
College should provide a model for other institutions
to emulate when the objective forces in our society
create a special opportunity, about 1980. The con-
version of some existing liberal arts institutions to the
pattern of the Experimental College may provide
their salvation. However. in the long run. such
colleges ought to be clustered about university
centers. The superiority of the Experimental College
resides in the fact that it proposes a separate faculty
with great autonomy and does not depend upon
professors with dual responsibilities At the same time,
it enables thelstudents to take advantage of the
university.

The proposal does suggest the desirability ofa new
kind of faculty. It should be better than the present
high school faculty, but not as specialized as the staff
of a good many liberal arts colleges. The Experiment-
al College should be attractive to scholar-teachers
who have broad interests and who are person—
rather than research—oriented. We propose the
establishment of several distinguished professorships
to attract such faculty. We recognize that, in a sense.
we are creating the necd fora new kind of teacher,
but such persons exist. and even before any of our
deliberations were discussed in public, one member of
the Committee was approached by several persons
interested in exploring the possibility of teaching in
such a College.

- A u w M .v ».v”..p.,.. m

    
 

.-1.r-.-.’s.r_---,.e-y.;~ s ~

