 

 

     

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    

PAGE 6

 

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Non-Violence: Active and-Creative

by .l. Steven Flavin

“Violence has a ﬁnality that no man has the right

injustice through noncooperation. Integration was
both Dr. King's ends and means."
Non-violence is action-oriented. Non-violent activ-

to lmP°3°~n Ghﬂndl llVed hie Philosophy Mid ists can never rest as long .15 there is injustice in the

brought India independence, peacefully.

world. To make non-violence through non-coopera-

DI‘- LeROY Pelton. 0f SUNYA'S PSYChOIOEY 139' tion effective, Ghandi's tactic of cooperating with

partment, expanded on the theme

of non-ViOIent the evil deer in good acts and not cooperating with

activism as a peaceful alternative to social conﬂict the evil doer in evil deeds must be employed.
resolution. Dr. Pelton, in his lecture before the Non.vio|enée is n tactic designed to rerorm or

Psychology Club, Cathexis, said,

“Non-violent modify behavior and is not directed against the

means of resolving social conflict is the only way to person or his property.

secure peace."

“By responding with violence, you are cooperating

n i . ~ . . . .
Eﬂeh Side "1 n COHHICl Seeks the Same goals. the With your adversaries‘ means by provmg your means
Same ends. Len I‘lStlce, sell‘delel‘mmallon, mid are evil, therefore, you are evil. The non-violent

peace. The Vietnam war is justified

by both Sides. activist must suffer the violence passively, but not

we ﬁre ﬁghting for Peace, justice. and the right Or Cooperate in the execution of evil deeds.

the people to decide their own fate and not have

one imposed on them. Each side look

“Ghandi understood that to deal with large social

snttheother's organizations, non-violent activists must he

means of achieving these ends and castigates their organized themselves." To resist the draft, an

opponent while disregarding their

means and congratulates themselves on the loftiness will

of their ulterior motives or ends.

own violent individual can be jailed. But if thousands resist, it
become unprofitable for society to jail
thousands of its young. There are more cases of

' “By perpetrating violence, each side is perpetrat- draft resistance to be prosecuted in New York City
mg injustice. Terrorists feel just in their use of than the courts or jails can handle. "It‘s too bad

bombs and murders and can rationali
with their ideals while the America

does the same about its war in Vietnam."

Dr. Pelton cited examples from t
movement as a demonstration th

means are successful against an oppressive society.

ze these means more didn’t come of project ‘Undo' during last
n Government year’s student strike.” Undo offers a chance to
organize against a social wrong by massing passively
he civil rights against the draft through mass turn-ins of draft
at nonviolent cards.

There are many non-violent alternatives to con-

.“Anywhere thch is oppression there is coopem- sider. Non-violence gives the mind a chance to be
“on In the OPPI‘CSSIOH by the OPPreSSCd‘ BIHCkE innovatiVe, non-violence profits from novelty, that's

could not have been put down for so
not cooperated. By obeying the signs

lfmtl hud they why demonstrations aren't successful this year.
i Negroes N°l Among Dr. Pelton's closing remarks was, “Non-

Admittedi' ‘Nesroes Sit In Weill-Wk 0f the B'qu violence may never change some minds, but judge
bl30k5 were cooPerm-"‘1" In the” 0W" OPPVeSSIOn. the alternatives. History has shown repeatedly that

The force was in themselves to

feel-lfy SOON-ll violence can't change minds either."

N .B.: Footnotes on the Draft

by Ira Wolfman

A few important developments
in the lottery bingo:

1. The date for sending in letters
to the board in order to be re—
classiﬁed l-A has been changed.
According to a directive by Curtis
Tarr, any request for reclassifi-
cation musl be honored if it is

 

Tower East Cinema
45 7-8583
Friday, Dec. 41h
7:30 & 9:30

make as many students as possible
apathetic—so the prospects for
getting out look better for a lot of
people next year.

postmarked prior to December
3/, midnight. (Aside: would ad~
vise those who are involved to act
before the last week in December

in order to be on good terms with
your draft board. Seems like there
is little reason to wait any longer.)

2. To clarify a misconcaption
running rampant, the only people
who can play the lottery and win
this year (by turning in their US)
are those whose lottery numbers
were picked in the December
drawing last year. You must be 20
years old lliis year in order to
be considered eligible for the
1070 lottery.

:l. Prospects for next year’s lot-
tcry indicate thiit perhiips the
numbers will go no higher than
160 or so—maybe even lower.
Nixon wants to stifle dissent and

4. The limit of 195 is holding
firm. For any questions see a
Draft Counselor: Friday from 1-8,
Monday from 10-3, Tuesday from
1-2:30 and at 8:00 p.m.

5. Don'l drop your deferment if
your number is lower than
196‘ you will no! get out of the
draft if you no not get oraited by
December 31.

The law provides that any per-
son who is l-A on December 31,
and whose number has been
reached by that (late is eligible for
induction until the 31st of March
of the following year. In other
words, if you are under 196, this
year there is no way you will no!
be drafted.

 

 

Legal Abortions Without Delay

The Councd on Abortion Research and
Education prowch referral scrvuces and
free information regarding legal abortions
performed waihoui delay in hospitals and
our nailenl laculiiies in “VIC! compliance
wnh proscribed medical standards and
practices,

Prices range from $195 to $395 for 0810
vacuum procedures up to 13 weeks and
from $600 to $700 for saline procedures
All inquiries are completely confidential
For details cal11212l682 6856

342 Madison Avenue in New Vork, NV. 10017 1' 1212) 6816856

 

 

 

 

 

He has a wife.
She has a husband.
With so much in common
they just have to fall in love.

Jack Lemmon
Catherine Deneuve

in
“The April Fools”

Technicoloi‘ «83
A Cinema (Jenn-r Films l'rcwnlilllllll.
A National General Pictures Release

THE PARTY
slurring Peter Sellers
and Claudine Lonch

IF YOU'VE EVER BEEN
TO A WILDER PARTY—

 

 

SKI TRIP TO AUSTRIA

January 1 - January 16
only $285.00
Includes:
‘Flighl from NY to Munich in NY
‘Bus: Munich/Bad Gaslcin/Municli
‘l‘lolcl (double rooins)—sing|cs on request
‘Brcakl‘asl Daily
‘Dinner for Isl seven days
’Frce entrance to Gambling ('asiiio
‘Fiec entrance lo Hot Springs
*Ski pro to assist you
‘All gratuities and taxes
Sponsored by Albany Slate Ski Club
For more iiiforiiialioii, conlucl:
Robert llurslcin

 

 

YOU’RE UNDER ARREST! DB [07-2
Saturday, Dec. 5th Indian Quad
7:.30 & 9:30 4576047 I maybe we can 

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1970

 

 

“0n the Other Hand”

by Michell Frost

 

 

Vietnam War critics never cease to amaze me. For some reason they
seem to take it for granted that everyone—but everyone—opposes the
“anti-democratic, imperialist venture" in Vietnam, in the words of our
latest critic, Ira J. Wolfman (ASP column , Nov. 20). The consistency
with which this attitude is taken has so dulled my senses that I am no
longer amazed when writers criticize our stand there so
matter-of-factly.

Mr. Wolfman has called the war “anti-democratic." This is an
interesting choice of words—calling the war “anti-democratic“ rather
than the traditional “undemocratic.” Let me see if I understand him
correctly. Is be saying that the Vietnam War has had the effect of
tearing down the democratic processes in this country? If this is what
he means, then I can only say that this is true only to the extent that
those opposing the war have yet with so much resistance form the
electorate that they use violent and undemocratic means to express
their discontent. Thus it is not the war in Vietnam which is
anti-democratic, but those who have taken their opposition to
extremes. It might even be argued that the war in Vietnam has
sparked such interest among the population—hardhat, student,
cverymnn— that “democracy” is on the rise. Let us not forget that it
was in this period of renewed political participation, when almosl
everyone took a stand on the war, that Richard Nixon and George
Wallace together polled 57% of the total popular vote for the
presidency.

Mr. Wolfrrian has also called the war “imperialist.” Does this mean
that he thinks we are in Vietnam to exploit the Vietnamese people.
bleed them dry, so to speak, for our own economic benel'il'! If so,
then I think Mr. Wolfman has begun to believe his own rhetoric.
Rather than gaining economically, our venture in Vietnam has crisl us
billions of dollars, not to mention the tens of thousands of deaths. We
are in Vietnam, believe it or not, to help prevent the free and
independent government of South Vietnam from being overthrown bv
outSIde aggressors (the North Vietnamese) and their cohorts in the
South (the Viet Cong). The eyes of the free world are upon US.
waiting to see what an American commitment in defense of her allies
is worth. The Soviet Union is watching too.

 
    
          
            
           
         
  
 
   

 

.1 §**************
BECOME A TRUTHOLOGIST: ' ' HOLIDAY SING ;
learn a new science that can ra- ' ' *
slrucuire soCIelv lo conlorin Wllll ' ' I4, Vl'i' ()N *
ethical idealism in human beha- ' ' *
vior. For introductory Iiiiinilure ' ' 
Including a "FORMULA FOR ' '  *
TRUTH" copr, sand $1.00 in «I- i
lrulholooy, 615) Central Ave, Al- -|- i . , . r . .-
liany, N.Y. 12206 lTiiiiliulogv is .I. Slllld'l) ‘ “Lumbu (“ll *
a science, not a religion) A . . *
THUll-IOLOGISI’ HEALS IoEo . "t 7’UI’I’M *
LOGICAL DIFFERENCES. Sclio- . . *
Insiii: innuiiv invited. , _ Il/lI’I’Y *
.l. Iioumi Y sins-on 3:
*********

Legal Hassles
Pregnancy
Any Problem

'illllll is alive
and wr-ll .iiul Wllllllll
Wu Wiilll ll) help

Cell 457-5300 24 Ins/day

 

 

#4

 

 

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 4,1970

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

   

 

Got Lead in Your Tailpipe?

by Richard Lorenz and
Ann Kinigstein

It is doubtful if anyone need be
persuaded at this late date that
the problem of air pollution is a
very real and serious one. Most of
our major urban areas are almost
constantly enshrouded by a blan-

    

ket of photochemical smog. Re-
cently, schools in the Los Angeles
area were instructed not to allow
outdoor recreation during periods
of heavy pollution, because the
children were collapsing due to
lack of oxygen.

A good number of the pollut-
ants in the air are put there by the
internal combustion en no in

...potskowaki'

Berkeley Casualty

College Press Service

What happens to a liberal who is
trapped between the forces of
rebellion and repression?

When that liberal is Roger
Hcyns, Chancellor of .ne Universi-
ty of California at Berkeley, he
resigns.

After a five your post of acting
as buffer between the disciples of
Mario Savio and Jerry Rubin and
Governor Ronald Reagan's Cali-
fornia Board of chcns, Hcyns
submitted his resignation on No-
vember 1:}.

In November of 1967, l-lcyns
faced his first Berkeley crisis; he
called police to arrest Mario Snvio
and other demonstrators who had
been protesting against on»cnmpus
Navy recruitment. “Jolly Roger"
was the disduiiiful brand lleyns
received.

Black Panther Eldridge Cleaver
was permitted by Heyns to touch
his experimental course until he
was banned by the California Re-

____’—

AT THE
Palace Thealre

ALIANY. My.
FRIDAY, DEC. ll

RICHIE
HAVENS

KATHY SMITN
T|¢klll It." and $4.7!
SATURDAY, JAN. 30

CHICAGO

CHARM! IROWN
Tltk'll $5.50 Ind “.50

Sound by Piolussioiiiil In-
lulllillltHlill Shows Shirl
[:30 pm sharp; doors open
30 minutes prior. Mail or-
dnls: ENCLOSE SELF-AD-
DIlESSE D 51/\MPEU EN-
VELOPE Wllll CHECK 0R
MONEV ORDER PAV-
AELE IU "N/XIIONAL
STUDth PRODUCV
TIONS," Oiduis iuculvud ll
days lioloic sluiw will be
hold at door Also, orders
by personal check iiulrl .il
box other: for iodoinplioii.
Remaining llclruls ilVllllilllll)
l0 days below show at:
Albany Van Cuiluis 8. Ai-
iiiarlillo, Scliuiiacladv
Apex Music; lioy Music
Shack Inloiiiiailonz
434‘334'3. PRODUCED
BY NAIIONAL SIU-
DENT PRODUCTIONS.
not a Zebra Production
or a local production

 

 

gents. Consequently, Heyns was
slow in complying with ethnic
demands.

Governor Reagan intervened
when the Third World Liberation
Front, with its protests for ethnic
studies programs, trigcred the ﬁrst
large-scale violence on campus.

To aid the Berkeley street peo-
ple, students began the "People‘s
Park“ protests in the Spring of
1969, I'lcyns proposed that the
Regents lease the disputed land to
the city of Berkeley and .\.,5
turned down.

Then, Cambodia! Faculty
members and ltcgn-nls criticized
l'li‘ylls l'or lax l'rnding policies and
widespread sludviil and faculty
political activity,

For I'lcyns the resignation was
his only alternative: “I regard my
major accomplishment as the fact
that we kept going!"

motor vehicles. There are several
methods of control under serious
consideration by a joint auto-
motive industry research team
which will drastically reduce the
amount of atmospheric pollution
from auto exhaust. Most of these
apporachcs involve the changing
of exhaust components to harm-
less matcrials such as carbon di-
oxide, water, and nitrogen.

Of all the alternatives being con-
sidered, by far the best and most
efficient one seems to be what is
called a catalytic converter. Brief
ly, a catalytic converter is a closed
system containing a metallic cab
alyst which, when the exhaust is
passed over it, changes the com-
position of the exhaust.

There is only one drawback to
this solution. Lead tetriiethyl, an
octane-boosting ingredient present
in most gasolines, breiiks down
the metallic catalyst and renders it
useless in a short time. However,
these converters have been effect-
ive for up to fifty thousand miles
in tcsls using lead-free gasolincs. If
all oil companies manufactured
only lead-free gasoline, these con-
vertcrs could be installed in all
new cans within two years.

The solution? Once again, as
always it is a question of prior-
ities. At present there is only one
company which produces ii lead-
frce gasoline, the American Oil
Company. Lead-free gas is not
guaranteed to prolong the life of
the engine, nor is there any evid-
ence that it may shorten it. I
would personally consider this a
minor point (if indeed I Would
consider it at all) when contrasted
with the possibility of prolonging
human life, or at least enhancing
its quality.

If we do not agree, then read no
further; if so, there is something
you can do as a consumer to
alleviate the smog problem.
Switch to II lend—free gasoline (a
low-lead product does not even
affect the problem, as even small
quantities of lead seriously short-
en the catnlyst's life), and at the
same time drop a note to the
company you switched from iii-
dicating that the presence of lead
in their product was your reason
for switching. It is such ii small
thing, requiring for most people
only ii slight effort, and the results
can be most gratifying Your
children may thank you.

--------‘
I Holiday Sing 97©I
I— Sunday, December 6, 1970.

n;
— Physical Education ' 



— Followed by All-University

at7pm

1

   
 
 

Building
— Piano selections by

Findlay Cockrell

I Reception in the

I — Everyone welcome I

Campus Center

 

  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
   
  
  
 

De-Papering the Earth

by Lory Lagiia

The PYE Club at Albany State has been very active this year. The
Recycling Committee, as yet one of the less vocal subcommittees of
PYE, has been working diligently since September. Under the
direction of Dr. Richard Brown, this group was formed in the belief
that the university community should tiike a step forward in the
crucial issue of recycling.

The urgency of recycling waste products is great. Progress moves
toward an infinite goal, but our resources are ﬁnite. Recycling will
help to redirect the flow of waste products. Besides replacing the use
of raw materials, this can reduce both manufacturing pollution and
the problem of waste disposal.

The group is currently trying to institute a program to recycle paper
on campus; We chose this as our ﬁrst step because it seemed the most
feasible. Approximately one half of the waste on campus, which
amounts to several tons per week, is piiper. There are nearby
companies that would be willing to buy the used paper. The State
Campus has achieved success in similar projects and can lend advice.

So far the project is still in the blueprint stages; a general outline has
been submitted to Mr. John Buckhoff, Plant Supervisor. The plan
provides for three types of collection areas: paper only, trash only,
and areas where the tw0 are combined. These last areas will contain
separate waste baskets designated for Either paper or trash. The paper
waste will then be re-routcd to be roe) :led rather than to the land fill
where ull of it is currently dumped.

Committee members have received favorable reactions from faculty
members. Mr, Bucklioff has been responsive and co-operatiVE. He has
assigned Jack ’l‘almadgc, a daytime dormitory supervisor, to act as a
liason for University Maintenance. To be effectiVe, this project needs
the co-operation of the entire university community.

After completing preliminary gathering of information, the
committee hopes to move at a fast pace and initiate the program
directly after intercession. In the future the committee has hopes of
enlisting other colleges and volunteer groups to include more of the
Albany areas.

IFSA CORNER

WHY IS THE QUALITY OF FOOD DIFFERENT
THIS YEAR ’l‘l'IAN IT WAS LAST YEAR?

The quality of the food wiich we buy for consump‘
tion has not changed. All of the foodstuffs that we
purchase are at least of the same quality that the
average housewife uses in her home.

We purchase USA choice or USA prime grades of
heel, for student consumption. These grades are the
two best offered for sale in the United States.

Where some of the students derive the idea thiit the
food is of inferior quality, is they are not used to
institutional cooking. Therefore they try to compare
our food to the food that they consume at home.
Unfortunater we cannot meet this comparison be-
Cause we must prepare and serve over 20,000 meals
per day.

Institutional style cooking does not cater to eiich
individual taste as home style cooking does. It does
try to please the majority of the students, the
majority of the time. It is impossible to please
everyone all of the time.

We do realize that we can make mistakes while
serving in large quantities. Therefore on each of the
quads we have tried to form food committees to
bring student complaints to our attention. These
organizations have been very successful and have
enabled us to be sensitive to the needs and desires of
the students. If you have a valid complaint about
food please let us know about it.

To voice your complaint you can join your food'
committees, attend the next meeting of your food
committee or call: Mary Ellen Korcliinsky at 7-3048
for Sliilc and Indian Quads—Karen Block iit 7-6896
for Criminal Quart—Jay Zuckerninii iit 7-7922 for
Hulcli Qllllll'MillIllgul’ of snack bar at 7-8275;Mimii-
ger of cafeteria at 7-i161-l—Alrlen and Waterbury have
formed no committee as of this writing...(tlieir
student government indicated that since everything
was satisfactory, they didn't need one.)

Or: luiivu 1| note at the check-cashing service for Peter
Bliiis, Aas't. to the Director for Student Relations.

ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT

rs

Jo’s/kg; A g

