   

l
i

  
  

 

 

\, .

y” _ a A ’ V“ ... . .V ..

. Hayward-fanny,

 

 

Come walk with me...

Come walk with me by the lake.

A winding path snakes its way

'round crimson and gold maples-

the sentinels of centuries.

The woods are alive!

Ants moving boulders and butterflys chasing rainbows.
Squirrels scurry gathering groceries for winter’s seige.
In a clump of grass a daisy smiles,

gently carressed by a passing breeze

on its way to nowhere.

A rough-hewn bridge beckons:

come, read the message of

louer’s memories carved into my bones.

Gaze below at the leaves gliding by;

a lonely ant rides his fragile raft

to a distant port on the far shore.

But wait. That was yesterday.

They be taken your bridges—

saying they ’re unsafe.

They’ve dumped trash into your meadows—

its convenient.

Concrete from a house brings rivers of death.
Their yellow giants are gnawing away what is left.
The trenches are ready—

flourescent lights and steel poles

like ugly warts protruding from nature ’s surface
will guide your way.

They call this progress.

If] were a willow I'd weep too...

Prose and Photos by Ed Potskowski

TUESDAY, OCTQER 27, 1970

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

       
   
 
  

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1970

LAKE CRISIS

by Michael Avon

An ASP Feature

Golf balls and students have passed over its waters for over 50
years. It has seen bridges rise and fall, a golf course and then a
campus built around it. Sand and silt have threatened it, and fish
have been dumped into its waters. The campus lake still lives. How
long can it survive?

The lake, which is man-made, and the hike area,havebeen called by
students as well as faculty, the only recreation area on campus. Both
the administration and the students want it to remain a recreational
area. However, each would go about this differently.

John Buckhoff, who is the Director of the Physical Plant and in
charge of rehabilitation of existing facilities, claims that the lake has
three purposes. They include being a storage reservoir for irrigation.
an outdoor field laboratory for biological sciences, and a rustic
recreation area. According to Buckhoff, lake water is used to
“irrigate the athletic fields." To help keep the lake filled for this
purpose, storm sewers carry rain water from the parking lots and
fields to the lake.

To save the lake for the three mentioned purposes, Buckhoff
contends that the lake will have to be dredged. Dredging will remove
the excess sand and silt, which have entered the lake from
construction sights such as Indian Quad. This dredging process is
necessary, says Buckhoff, to stop the lake from becoming a swamp,
and increasing its water capacity. After dredging is completed.
Buckhoff wants the banks of the lake bolstered with rocks to inhibit
the further movement of sand into the lake.

Dredging, and whatever else is necessary to “fix-up the lake and
surrounding area" will have to be paid for with state money. SUNY
at Albany has requested $67,000 for lake construction from the
State Legislature. Buckhoff doesn't believe that this request will be
granted, as there are other construction priorities on this campus,
such as the West Podium extension, which have priority. It's
estimated that the podium extension will cost $27,655,000.

Many have questioned the need for lake improvements (such as
the clearing of underbrush), and the actual condition of the lake
water. Some PYE members claim that cement has been dumped into
the lake at construction sites, and that oil slicks have appeared at
times.

On Tuesday, October 13, Dick Sheremeta, a Junior Public Health
Engineer from the Albany Health Department, took samples of the
lake water. Upon testing, it was found that the water'schloroform
level was 240 particles per million.

Chloroform is defined by the health department as an “indicator of
organisms from the intestines of warm blooded animals." These
organisms could be from human or (log deficution, as well as a (lead
aninuil. Swallowing of the lake water can cause dysentery, as well as
other intestinal diseases.

The bacteria count, in which thechlorol‘ormcount is included, is in
excess of 2000 ppm. According to Patrick Lavin, an assistant
Public Health Engineer, not all of this bacteria would be considered
harmful. He said that the chloroform level is high. However, he
claimed that there is no real reason to Worry about thechlorut‘ormor
bacteria count at this point.

The Conservation Department puts Rainbow Trout into the lake
water every fall. According to a Conservation Department spokes-
man, as well as Lavin and Marjorie Frame from the infirmary. these
fish are safe for consumption.

Dr. Margaret Stewart of the biology department claims that the
lake water isn‘t suited for trout. “Most trout surely die," she said.
“They are cold water fish. if too many are put in, some would also
be killed by lack of oxygen." The fact that the lake is filled with
fish each year makes the possibility that fish are dying and not
producing well very real.

Besides the hike itself, the lake area environment has seen changes,
and these changes have raised some protests. Buckhoff realizes that
the lake is the only real recreation area on campus. He thus has

  
 

SUNY at Albany
Campus Center
'l'liursday, October Lilith
ll) ulna”) pm
ti pin-i) pm
Friday, October 30th
ll) am-l‘) pin

   
 
 
 
 
   
  

Chagall,
Baskin,
Rouaan,
Dnunuei
L many
others

 
 
    
   

Arranged by

l enlmantl
ilolen (.allenes.
U-Illnuum. Md.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

  
  
 

committed himself to improving the area. Lights are presently being
put in around the lake, and the “cleaning up of the lake area” is
scheduled for this spring.

The Campus Land Use Committee of PYE differs with Buckhoff
on how to keep the lake a recreational area. Tom Peterson, a
member of the committee, is opposed to “any improvements except
for the lights." He, as well as David Chavis, another committee
member, claims that clearing of underbrush in the lake area has
depleted the amount of pheasants. Dr. Stewart doesn‘t feel that
there’s a decrease in the amount of species aronnd the lake, but
probably a decrease in each species’number,

“Before we moved to the campus," Stewart said, “the biology
department wrote a strong memorandumo the university officials.
We recommended that they leave the campus areas alone. But, no
one listened. We asked them to let us know when changes are to be
made, but they don't. We can’t protest what we don't know."

Both Peterson and Chavis shar§tewart‘sdistress. Chavis claims that
campus officials have a “different reality of what is the natural
environment." He said, “They think you can replace the natural
environment with anything looking esthetically beautiful." Peterson
and Chavis would like to see the lake area "expanded and not
cleaned up."

One of the mainstays of the lake area had always been Beavers
Bridge (named after Don Beavers, a cross country runner). The
bridge was removed this past August. The bridge had been a favorite
of many, and of particular interest to the cross country team. The
bridge was about 50 years old, and according to Buckhoff had to be
torn down for safety reasons. Buckhoff claims that the foundations
holding the column structures of the bridge were moving toward the
lake, and the wooden trusts started to twist. This twisting was
caused by pounding through the years and foundation movement.

Buckhoff, using his power as Campus Safety Officer (He is also
Director of Operations in Maintenance, Campus Transportation, and
is responsible for campus security, ordered the bridge torn down
this summer. The bridge was taken down by Becker the Wrecker at a
cost of $1,900).

The fact that the bridge had to be taken down is generally not
disputed. However, the fact that the bridge, a favorite campus spot

Continued on page six

 
 

 

COLONIE PIZZA HUT”
1619 Central Avenue
across from Holiday Inn

Smorg

  

All you can eat: Pizza 8: Salad
$1.35 plus tax--children under 5 free
from 512 yrs. old, $.10 per year
EVERY Tuesday from 5-8

 

For An Adventure In Eating
\

 

 

 

 

“4,. .
at X Al
liriday, ()cl. .i()lli iii 72.“) & Ill

The Phantom of the Opera
the original silent version

 

 

TOWE R EAST CINEMA

(MAN/ sniffer” unity)
/‘ “EDI”! for information

 

Wat If it, ANyMyfv

  

lib villi. Ewil 4518583

   

Lon l‘hinu'y in

in
11/1925
-an(l-
lielu Lugosi in
White Zombie

    
  
 

~and-

Sl’l:(Zl/\l ADMISSION. 33 ht] (oi nnnul Willi .Ill
iiiiamals mung lo UNlClLF Slain Qihul ( outs
ilo not apply lot these films

4- AD

Saturday, ()cl. .1131
at 7 8; it)

ltnla Lagos:

 

 

 

Dracula

Boris Karloff in
Frankenstein

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

