dead-:ay '-

~ﬂ~v M. 4r ‘4» a...

 _: ,. ’11,

   

 

 

 

PAGE 6

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

HE ASP SPORTS

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1970

State 72 Siena 63
A St. Valentine’s Day Massacre

 

Albany

by Jay Marshall

The traditional college rivalry
returned to Albany last Saturday
night when, before a capacity
crowd, Albany STate downed the
Indians of Siena 72-63. This
victory boosted State's season
record to 10-6 and marked the
fifth victory for Albany over
Siena in their last six meetings.

Siena came into the game with
all five starters averaging in double
ﬁgures. Albany employed its usual
tight man-to-man defense with
Steve Sheehan guarding high scor-
ing center Bob Hermann and Jim
Masterson covering Siena's fine
guard Mike Seymour. By prevent-
ing Hermann from receiving the
ball. Sheehan and substitute cen-
ter Mike Hill limited the Siena star
to just four points. in the first
half. all of them from the foul
lin -

When Sheehan picked up his
fourth foul early in the second
half. Hill continued the excellent
1- :eragc on l-lermann. State was
.rced to switch to a zone
det'ensemidway through the sc-
cund half because its big men
were in foul trouble. liermann
finally scored three field goals at
the end of the game which gave
him eleven poiiils for the evening.
When asked to comment on
Albnay's success in stopping ller-
mann. Coach Sauers said that the
Siena center mameuvors like a
forward. He does not have the
inside moVes that centers utilize
against smaller opponents. I'lcr-
mann did not shoot well from the
outside. thus his scoring output
was well below his season's
average. Another fine defensive
job was turned in by Masterson,
who held Seymour to one field
goal in the second half.

Offensively. the Danes were
paced by captain Jack Adams"
eighteen poinls. Sauers said this
was the best game Adams has
played in his three year varsily
career. Albany had three other
starters in double figures: Jack
Jordan with sixteen. Masterson
with twelve. and AI Reid with
eleven. Once again, the resci'vcs
aided in the victory. llill. Jim.
Sandy and Ed Arscncau saw
considerable action and it was
Sandy who sank two iiiiporlant
field goals in the second half to

 

MEDICAL DEFERMEN'IS
OCCUPATIONAL
DEFERMEN'I'S
C 0 STATUS
(IN Y question about lhc tli‘u/i
Iiig or small
DONUI' lll'.Sl'l-/\'l‘l',l
(ALL ON ('AMI’US
John Reilly, llu :i2l
457-8428

Curt Smith. llu 517-1
457-8297

Howard Kerncr

Room 3012

Hamilton llull- (.‘ol. Quad.
457-8914 (anytime)

Peggy Kille

Room 1301 1
Livingston Tower
457-8995 (anytime)

Diva Daimx, Ho 1190
457-8471

Peter Larrlck, Hit 366
457-8470

or: Capital Area Peace Center
727 Madison Ave.

463-8297

Mort-Thurs. eves. 7-0

 

 

give Albany an insurmountable
eighteen point lead with less than
ten minutes to play.

Overall, Albany shot 48% from
the field, holding a slight edge
over Siena. In the first half. when
Albnay jumped out to a 38-27
led, State outshot Siena 58% to
38%. Siena attempted just fifty

game.

In the freshmen contest, the
Indians fought off a second half
rally by the State Frosh and went
on to defeat Albany 81-66. Steve
Howard scored twenty-two points
for the Danes. The game was
decided at the foul line where
Siena outscored Statc 23-4. The

shots from the floor for the entire Freshmen are now 10-4.

Athletes are not chattel
teaches author of

Athletics £01 Athletes

By MARK GLADSTONE
College Press Service
Oakland. Cal.--(CPS)-- A revolution is simmering in college athletics.

And one of the men responsible for a new consciousness maong
athletes is Jack Scott. a 27-year old former Stanford track man and
teaching collech at the University of California. He is author of
Athletics for Alli/ales (Other Ways Book Dept,. EPO Box lilliill,
Oakland. Cal.)

Scott, in an interview at his Oakland home, emphasized that
athletes are human beings. not cattle. lle condemned the
professionalization of amteur athletics. the second class role assigned
to Black and women athletes and the nationalist bent of the
Olympics.

In recent weeks Scott‘s U(I Class. Education lllll). l"I‘he Role of
Athletics in tlteUniversity--A Social Psychological Analysis." has
drawn nationwide attention. Perhaps no single class has received such
publicity sinc‘e Eldridge Cleaver taught an experimental course here
ast fall.

Beside his Ieacliing duties. Scott is working on a l’h.D. in education,
and is writing ii book with his friend and HIGH Olympic Boycott
organizer llarry Edwards.

Scott spoke most articulater about the connection between
athletics and the military. He said “inter-collegiate athletics is the
training ground for second lieutenants. and the colleges with the most
comprehensive sports programs are the military academics..."

In fact politicians may invoke sports. football in particular. to
sanctify their policies. ’l‘hus President Nixon is portrayed as an avid
fan. California State Superintendent of Public Instruction Max
Rafferty says “football is war." Robert Kennedy said “next to war.
football is the best preparation for the American life."

So athletes come to be considered part of the status quo--“just
dumb jocks." according to Scott. Yet Scott says that when a person is
called a name like “jock” he comes to fill the role almost inspitc of
himself. Athletes become stereotyped and “develop hostility to the
rest of the University."

Often when attempts are made to change the structure of the
University coaches organize athletes against demonstrators. such as
was the case at Columbia and San Fransisco State. "Coaches have
good reason to fear such change." Scott says because they will suffer
most from a change in university policy.

Many schools. like (1a|.. have separate physical education and
college athletics departments. Scott wants both to be combined and
funded like any other college (It‘l)ﬂ|‘llli(‘lll"t)ll the basis of academic
merit.

What happens at (fat is that :illllctcs are given preferential treatment
as far as tutoring help and other study aids. Scott says. liowever. that
often an athlete will complete four years of athletic aligibilily. but
still be two years away from receiving a diploma

 

Tower East: Cinema

THE FEARLESS EXODUS
VAMPIRE KILLERS with

Paul Newman and
Eva Maric St.

with Sharon Tate and

Roman Polanski

LC 7 7:31) and limit) lt.‘ IS 7 ‘Iill only

Friday only Saturday only

Defeats Siena as Adams Stars

 

JACK JORDAN Goes up for two of his sixteen points Saturday night
as the Danes whipped arch rival Siena.

---IIOCIIIJGI‘I,’

Especially hurt are the Black athletes on scholarship. Even is they
haven‘t graduated the scholarship ends. Scott wants to see that
athletes on scholarship be guaranteed they will receive their aid until
they gain their diplomas.

At present he says “it is impossible to be an athlete and be involved
in normal student activities."

Concerning his class. Scott says, "This is the first course designed
solely to examine college athletics." “The athletic department." he
adds. “has never had a dissident voice."

Since the athletic department works closely with the administra-
tion, Scott was almost stopped from teaching the class which hits
featured such athletes at Harry Edwards and former L.A. Rams tight
end Bernie Casey.

Officially professor John Hurst is the teacher of the course because
Scott has no contract to teach in the University. Yet through being
involved in the class. Scott receives credit for teaching he inusl
complete before he receives his I’li. D.

About one-third of Scott’s -l()l) pupils are varsity athletes. Many say
they arc being crilicisezed by their coaches for taking the class.

And traditionally. according to Scott, a questionng athlete signifies
trouble to the coaches. Yet Scott is questioning out ofa great love of
sports and a desire to see college athletics free of professionalizalion
where every individual who wishes to can participate.

Answers

‘tHquuN .ii)p'(; ‘oJuuN llllI'
|)1tll lllISllqu“ [inid'g 'gg‘Lgigi
‘iiasson .i.iii.iu'L 159g” soA’ii”
“iMI-l iRil-Li) i‘“!!! -'-‘”(l 7.9-9!) “"‘l-IIJ‘tiZm‘7W “0(1'8961 -‘-""-""-l
‘.\.l.l|lf| )[JIH'Q "(I'N xii-iipii“) qt)“ llltm-Lgﬁl'ga Eliiuiiv 'smoiiiupg
'.)|ll‘|§ uiiﬂiiiaiw ‘.i.ipu.mii;) Slfldu'tj ‘Mliw ‘aiiuiiw ‘siuiiiiiiM'Lz,
'SllMliJﬂ [)lllllltAnL’) ‘lile‘H lthqtl“ llax'gz faintlan iliuod
umia iilw’l- “Hindu-w ioi mill-"1213?: txouooquognop'i-z
I‘m-,1 ‘sJoIlO‘ uois‘no” ‘tllIlillltIdH Huiliiiuad titliiiiis'iiid‘i;z ‘sii'i
.toiiiiikyg TAU“) s] - 7, 519‘” Jun Kuu1p)(rzgloiliiiuuw .iJiis.i;)
minis-11;) uuoN'i :sinmsuv '17, 3091961 h“liliod 97,1 ()‘Illilldh'ﬁl

lllld'OZ gumllV AJuolliiil t“WA

'oti‘iitis‘LLo‘ is “’5l”)l'lll:
tsioiio uoisno” 'sa suiixa‘], sullen
's'ilof) DJOllll’llllﬂ 's/t Slulﬂdlid Kit“

—

    

 

 

GOT A DATE FOR DINNER ?

Take her to the Patroon Room
in the Campus Center

special this week--- lamb chops S 3.50
including soup, salad, rolls 8. beverage
steak for two $8.00

--And many other wonderful entrees
at date prices

Dinner served 5:30 to 8100 PM.
For reservations call 457 4833

 

 

titllu' Hlilllllltfl umII) 'Hl 5Z9-liltil
p ~11’)lluutaulD‘L| lsuoiri-uos
pm ‘s'iioQ-iiuiiqmg ‘SUMOJﬂ
-UM()Jﬂ ‘HpJllO-lulun’l‘tllullu-ulltu

sciiuusnc .1... . 9 . . . . . 1 a d
0 (ion puii saﬁiiqas “ulna twlﬁuﬂ

 utilm ‘uiiilioquiiiim WM.“ .WM
0

Silllllllllt

-Mllll .iiuuon'iti tnosqiD (ion puu
I
SilCIAl

uiiiiauw Niuu-KI Hsitil'm ‘L9‘09
*ggm [tau lid-LID 'Zl t(tiiltlillll-W‘l
unis lotion puu (()9(3[)0H![
a
comment
Oil'lllll PRESS
PRINTERS

~10“ .iop ANN p931 uovduiis [-
7L9'9961'3109L. 'lllldlal’llll‘ld'Ol
BAND FOR
HIRE
306 Central Ave. .‘tlban

Ciill4t15-1203 Ask forJOIlN

 

 

 

01m" (9961) iioeio “)IIW mln'ii
Telephone HE 4-9703

 

 

 

 

W.Wm  .. . Mswme.msW—~.Mummw .4 . ..

 

 

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, I970

by Robert Familant

There was AMIA basketball
action aplenty this past weekend
as all teams continue to fight to
get into the playoffs.

In League I action the Bruins
kept up their winning ways
defeating STB 50-30. The Bruins
were once again led by Bob Cole
who tallied 21 points. Second
place Potter Club squeakcd by
UFO 41-40. Potter was behind
26-20 at the half. but rallied
behind Bob Rossi's 24 points, 17
in the second half, to win. The
undefeated EOP I are in ﬁrst
place. Rounding out the action,
APA took a forfeit from the
Underdogs and Crow I was defeat-
ed by the Nada 56-39.

In League II A STB defeated
the Faculty 58-24. Craig Ficnstein
paced the winners with 14 points.
EOP II beat Potter 11 43-31. The
Brothers Ron Spratt led a well-
balaneed attack with 9 points. In
other action the Knicks swamped
TXO II A 50-36. and the Barons
took a forfeit from the Jacks.

League III B action saw the
Group edge the Apartment 58-52.
The Apartment's Jon Richardson
led all scorers with 25 points. In
another close contest WAAC just
got by Potter III B by the score of

Swimmers Losc to Alfred

by Harvey Malkiii

Last Friday night. the Albany
State swimming team was handin
defeated in a scrimmage meet by a
powerful Alfred Tech. Squad.
Overall the team has a season‘s
record of 1-6. Commenting on llic
team‘s rather disappointing re-
cord, Coach Brian Kelly pointed
out that this is Albany Slate's first
full varsity year coming after only
one year of club competition. One
major weakness is the team‘s very
small size, only It) swimmers and
two divers. Swimming. iiol. unlin
long distance running. is a very
(leinandiiig sport which requires
many months of intense physical
training. Since Albany does not
grant. any athletic scholarships, it
is Very difficult to at liicvc a
successful season

Alfred 'l'ccli , which placed
fourth lll llll' nation at tlichinior
(‘ollI-gc Allili-lic Association's
swiininiiig championships lll Mia
Iili last March. placed first iii 1': «if
[he lit S\\’|||lllllll)l events being
disqualified (Ill Illi‘ lost cvclit, llil'
fret-styli- i't-|.iy. liii' .Ill cart)
takeoff 'I'lic iiiaiorily III oui
varsity ll‘ullll I‘u composed of
sWiiiiliii-rs \vlio'vc had Vl't‘) llllll‘. ll
mm high school ii‘xpci'iciictg
that as it may our team has had
\(lllll' lilll‘ildllllllliﬁ l|llll\‘|tIll.il i-l
forts The team's l\vo highest
point gi-lli-i's Iii ilnti Il.|\'t' lH't'tl
1\llll\’ hlclii'iii‘l) .iiid l'i-li' (ii-isti-ii
lialii-r who both scl individual
personal i'ci'iii'tls iliii'tiig tlic .-\lfri-d
'l'ci‘li scriiiiiiiagc Mctlrortyswani
an impressive ‘J (I2l..'l in tlic Lilli)
yd. freestyle ('oacli Kelly expects
Andy to better this mark Iii-fore

Study in
Guadalajara, Mexico

llio (aautuiwm alumna-r Shoot, ..
lolly (lttlll'llll'll [him-tall; i-l /\iilono
lllOlJllllll will 1 lll:l Ioin- .") In limiusi
a mi, Ioltloio tit-aquiliil, imimy. ,lu
liIi-zil urcine, Illll nimio (Hill llII:lI|IIII
tours" luiiiuii. $160 homd llIIKI room,
tl‘i’i Wltll! Di IINIII ll Roch ()lilro oi
bummer Suhslﬂli, llmvumly oi Aiirena.
lucson. Aii/oiui (15721

Il'

    

   

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Blow Your Mind

by Nick Faraclas
The decade of the ’60’s has indeed seen many outstanding
performances by both professional and t?) collegiate athletes. Again
we test your memory in another of our mind-searching quizzes.

1. What major league baseball player had the highest season’s
batting average during the 1960’s?

2. Who was the champion light heavyweight in the 1964 Olympics?

3. What pro football player set a record for the most pass
receptions in one season?

4. Name the only quarterback to lead the NFL in passing 2 years in
a row.
5. In the 10-10-tie played by Michigan State Notre Dame in 1966I
who scored the touchdowns for Michigan State and Notre Dame?

6. During the '60's name the other 3 basketball players who led the
NBA in scoring besides Wilt Chamberlain.

7. What NFL Kicker kicked the most field goals in one season?

8. Name the 2 AFL players that led the league in rushing as
rookies.

9. Name the quarterback that passed for more than 4000 yds. in a
season.

10. Besides Boston there was only one other team to win an NBA
title during the 1960's. Who was it?

11. What were the 2 colleges to have 2 Heisman trophy winners
from the same school? Name the players and their colleges.

12. Name the only NFL team to win 3 consecutive NFL titles.

13. During the 1960’s, there was one year when the MVP titles in
the AL and NL went to 2 pitchers. Name the year and the pitchers.

14. Who was the MVP in the ABA during the 1967 438 season?

15. The 1960's saw 4 basketball players break more than the

PAGE 7

 Answers on Pg. 6

20.000 point mark. Name them.
16. Match the AFL coaches with the teams that they coached in
the NFL.

a. Sid Giliman 1. Lions

b. Wally Lemm 2. Ram

c. Paul Brown 3. Cardinals
d. Weeb Ewbank 4. Browns
e. George Wilson 5. Colts

17. Besides UCLA name the only other team to win 2 consecutive
NCAA titles?

18. Who is the all time leading rusher in the AFL?

19. Who led colleges in rebounding during the 1965-6 season?

20. Who broke the NHL record for the most points scored in one
season?

21. During the 196011: Bobby Hull broke Maurice Richard's record
of 50 goals in one season. Who was the goalie when Hull scored his
515i. goal?

22. During the 1960’s name the only NHL team that did not have
a 20 goal scorer in a season.

24. Who was the Giant’s number one draft choice in 1964?

25. Name the leading small college scorer during the 1966-7 season.

26. Who was the National League's rookie of the year in 1962?

27. Name the players that passed the 500 home-run milestone in
the 1960's?

28. Name the winners of the MVP titles in the 1967-68 NIT.

29. Name the 2 sudden death games that occurred in football
during the 1960’s.

30. What horse became the all time leading money winner in the
1960's?

 

54-53. Gary Klipp exploded for
36 points for the losers. Water-
bury defeated the Cle-ans 47-33.
The winners demonstrated a well-
balanced attack with 3 players
hitting in double figures.

In other AMIA news this
Saturday the third Annual AMIA
swim meet will take place at
10:00 am. The team to beat will
be APA who placed second to the
swim club for the past two years.
Now that the club has become a
team and is ineligible to partici-
pate APA looks like it has a good
chance to take it all.

tvevv
FHnis
forthe
tvevv
Audience
From

llllllllll
llllllllll

the season is finished. Gersten-
haber also set a school record in
the -ltlt) yard individual medluy.
By clocking a 5218.1. This was the
first time that Mike had swum this
inosl grueling event. Rapidly im-
porving freshman Mark Eason, a
backstoke swimmer. has added
much needed strength in that
department along with sophomore
llill Illll‘l'. both boys coming from
the Albany area. ' ’ -

()ur next meet will be away
against New l’alt'I. Wednesday Feb.
In. and our next home meet will
be Saturday, the 2lst. against
l’laltsburg. At 2:00 |).l11. on March
ti and 7. the Ieain will be entered
in the lll'l‘ championships against
some rather tough competition.
“Our goal this year." says (knttfll
Kelly, “is to place somewhere

llighci' lliaii boil—pige- #
W a n’ na
Be A

Minister?

(Before you
send your tilt)—
sec,

LIFE magazine

11/14/69

tony available In [\‘ri’ ullll a

(lo III p l i in en [a Episcopal

Diocese of Albany

 

 

 

tit-Lat

 

The lliigin President

Tues.Fob.17 at LC 18

$l.00 adnission series of 4 shows for $3.00

IFG presents

Program

This program in the Series. “New Films

For The New Audience." presents an
outstanding new feature length film plus
prize-winning short subjects from
professionals of the Film Generation...
Entertaining. provoking concepts and
techniques that focus on the world of today
—and tomorrow.

THE VIRGIN PRESIDENT (USA): “...The
laughs pile upon each other. . .outrageously
funny."— Schenectady Union-Star

 . .Assaults American standards in a half-
funny. half-biting way...it's really fantastic.”
—Prattler, N.Y.C.

Plus :SHADOW OF AN APPLE (France) and
ACTION SPEAKS LOUDER THAN
PLATFORMS (USA)

7:30 and 9:30

 

 

 

 

 

