 

“A WM WA ,\ ,~....I»M i»\

,\ r...M¢-..,u-,_~ N"

.._.\m -’m

 A/..,,\, . c ,

 

r
. \
l
"a

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE 6

(Ioninient

Echtorial

 

SA Moves Ahead

In past years, here at Albany State and throughout the nation,
the inﬂuence of organized student governments has steadily
declined. Most signiﬁcant movements of the late l960‘s--eivil
rights, student power, peace, ultimately the May strike-«have
arisen as groundswells and left student representatives in an
irrelevant position.

This has proven of great benefit. Direct action has provided
students with deeper recognition of the problems confronting
society today, and has impressed upon administrators the fact
that students are people and must have a role in shaping their own
lives.

Unfortunately, however, before significant change is made. such
groundswells tend to subside. The student power movement is no
longer recognizable yet students have still not achieved the degree
of representation which they should have. The strike, for all its
strength and vehemence, has given way to a deadeiied political
scene.

There has arisen in the meantime a new form of student
government, more conscious of the need for militaiicy. more
aware of the crisis in education today. much more hesitant of
playing “the nigger role" which previous generations ol’sttideiil
leaders have played. This year's Student Association has taken the
first steps toward becoming a true articulator olstudent interests.

The major achievement has been the reformation of the Board
of Directors of the Faculty Student Association to include more
students, and the interrogation of Mr. Cooley and Mr. llaley by
Central Council. FSA has been attacked consistently throughout
the year for its misdirection, its lack of sensitivity to sltideiil
needs.

Student Association leaders have engineered the formation of
Student Associations ol' the State University. While SASU has yet
failed to address itself to the significant problems confronting
students. such as the question of mandatory tax. its t‘oiiiiation
does raise the hope that here is a collective bargaining tiiiit for all
students throughout the State University System.

Student Association leaders have done a great deal to improve
the quality and quantity of rock concerts. liy disbanding the
Contemporary Music formed, an iiicl‘l'icicin and unresponsive
committee winch last year ran the concert piogiaiii. by substitut-
ing in its place the University ('oncei‘l Board givnig it the power
to Work with a prokssrorial pr'oiiiotci. Student Association Icadcis
have been able to save costs and to piovnlc bettci coiiccits.

Student Association leaders have moved into a new area as
welluhoiisiiig. Students have liasslcd for many ycais Willi il critical
shortage of housing and have been subject to cxticiiic|_\ high rents
in oil-campus units. This year Student Association Icadcis have
set aside 52000 and are actively exploring the possibility ol
purchasing land near Mohawk ('aiiiptis. building housing. and
providing bus sliuttlc scrvrcc back and loi th to the campus.

This trend must be maintained. Stiidciit leaders arc elected by
students to represent students. at the vciy least to case iilL‘
frustrations ol' attending a massive. slow-changing iiiiivcisity. ||
student leaders fall back into meaningless, cliqiiisli controversies.
it. they liinit llieii peispcctives by the methods and actions of then
predecessors, then they Will have failed to make student life licie
in any way a communal life and the iiiiivcisity a place where
academic community may indeed become a icality.

 

albany student press

iicill e. shaiialian
editorrin-chie/

managing editor ('Xl't‘tlltl't' r‘ditor
. . . . , . . . . . . .ill’tllyllll abare

business manager news- editors

. . . . . . . . . . . . den willinms
production manager
. . . . . . . . . . . gloria hollister
circulation manager
. . . . . . . . . . . . sue faulkner
Tho Awlully Student Prone il located in Campus Center 326 at the State
University Of New Vorlt at Albany, MeKownvlllo, New York. The ASP was
toundld by the Clusol 1918 and iii funded by Mandatoryﬂtudont Activity
Amnl Foo To . Our phones are 457-2190 and 2194.
Communications on limited to 300 words and are subjected to editing.
Editorial policy is the domain at the Editor-In-Chlot. Content: at this paper
are Copyright 1970 by the Albany Sludont Prm.

graphica editor
. . . . . . . . . . . jon guttmiin
photography editor

 

. . . . . . . . . . . . carol hughes

. . . . . . . . . . . . .chuck ribak . . , , . . . . . . . . . bob wariicr

advertising manager . . . . . . . . . . . . , Vicki Zelditi

t . . . . . . t . . . t .jeff rodgers arts editor

assistant ad manager . . . . . . . . . . . . .liiida waters

. . . . . . . .barbtirri cooperman 5/10"“ “1”!”

technical editor ‘ ‘ ' ' ' ‘ ‘ ’ ’ ' ‘ ' ' ' duve ﬁnk
. I tom clingn“ features editor

associate technical editors " ’ ' ‘. ' ' ' ' ‘ ‘ ' ‘ 10h“ 0 grimy
I . I “we mliﬁon city editor

. . . . . . . . . . . elinore bowes l

. . . . . . . . . . . .jay rosenberg

 

 

 

. ALBANY smear PRESS -

FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 6, 1970

‘

 

Senator James Buckley

 

 

   
   

AND VOTES. . . .'
,, , .m M
‘ ’i'fr'firmmz'iima r

[1

 

 

 

 

Dear slimy serpentine ASP,

,5 Comfort me.

‘ Morning rouses after Electiondac-Niglil,
And I do feel as a pawn shoved about

A thousand times

And then taken,

At last,

Without a whimper.

 

[saw what Isaw,
Disbelieuing, but believing.
[not only know that what I have seen,
[have already felt,
But that I will feel it, too,
In the future not far.
Amidst, and uppermost,
In all this feeling,
[feel impotent.

I have been stabbed on the stage of I’olitix

Before,

In my back,

Yes, thrice by my mother and father alone;

Landholders and possessors of upper-middling
material goods

(or buds)

()n the Island of Long to the south,

'I‘hey cast down their once—clierished feelings

Of struggle and Ascension,

And replace this with arrogance.

For me

(who remembers the principles behind the
struggle )

And those still engaged in the Quest:

Tire men from Africa;

The descendants of the Spanish;

The indigenous Red men;

And even Poor White.

They relish overseas murder which they feel
shielded by.
l’was stabbed thrice by wicked tongues:
l'bul tongues which moked the death of Martin the Black King;
F'ouI tongues which mocked the slaughter at Kent,
[suggesting more should have fallen);
And foul hands cast their ballots last night
Fbr powerful Right-Handed men,
James, the brother of William the Vociferous,
.ttnong them.

In horror my impotency is rendered
As I lift up my loins

r

t
r
l
i

stabbed thrice

 

 

A Problem

Dig it...there's a problem. it's the concerts. You see, the man is
walking around all the time-«they call him “FIRE marshal”. He’s
got all the strings. He snaps his ﬁngers and the shows over, and
maybe, with the Airplane putting in on, you'd have a riot and
hurt, very hurt people...nojoke.

Number two...the gym burns real easy. When you‘re there take a
look around..see all those coats...see the floor...see the bleach-
ers...poof. And with the Airplane putting on two shows, with
crowds inside and outside---and big, big, crowds at that---just one
coat, just one hint of a blaze, and you’d have a stampede and
people hurt, very liurt...no joke.

Finally, this. At the Clapton gig, one-half,yes, one half of the
crowd was under sixteen years of age. People actually stood there
and counted. They know. Little kids, having absolutely nowhere
else to go for music. come here and get zonked out of their minds,
and Dad comes to pick them and can't understand why they’re
giggling so and making no sense at all--but then he knows. He
knows. He‘s mad. The coiiiiiiuiiity‘s mad. They know. So cops are
sent in alter the concert to clean up and collect the evidence.
Then. they know.

It‘s a problem. How you can get into Zorma without getting
in is beyond lllt‘. The twogo together. They're one and the same.
But, then think of all those people crowding the tire exits both
iiisidc and out, think of all those coats and wood. Think of all
those little kids getting their parents mad. THINK. Keep it

 

.Atnd find no more organ belilicen them,
But only slashed and bleeding tissue.

Lucky,

Dee/n the gods above me,

I survive castrated,
Rather than not at all.
Now I need only settle for repression in exchange for my liberty.
Willi this balm
My life is expected to be renewed.
[low many times will Life be offended
.'lll(l$l(1l)l)c’ll
Before she dies.“
I praych in morning's light that I only be dreaming
()r recovering from drunlrcn stupor.
[prayed llial my fears be rendered nonsense.
[preferred [lint the lest of Time
Render Inc laughable rather than prophetic.

by Michael Sakella rides

 

oiitsidc.
Q's a hassle. I know, /

 

' OBABLY our (MICK He's arm
SSNGING AROUND wmr may
...NtiNtY e urourrrrui.

NANfY GRUN‘H’,
PFEFFER ?! THATS
MY GIRL !

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
   

'fLEEI‘ING- ONTHE cot/{H
TONIGHT, lit/H EBB/E?
YEAH] 7500, I saw EDD/E w
BED WITH A GIRL AND (AMPll5
ETIGUETTE STATES 1 Dog/7
DISTU/iB HIM.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
    
 
    
   
 

 

 

i;.p~‘.~k\§4’l)p¢-W"\

 
 

