AGE 4

 

initial Ellllllllllll

. We, the members of MYSKANIA 1970. having served one year as
'the highest non-academic honorary at SUNY at Albany, feel a vital
and pressing need for consideration of ourselves and our future as an
organization. Through the course of this year. we have suffered much
.yerbal abuse concerning our role in the university; our awareness of
the feelings of the student body has caused us to redefine that role
and to offer the following evaluation and recommendations.
MYSKANIA is composed of thirteen highly indivualistic people
who were elected for their various and diversified contributions to all
scopes of university life. A natural consequence of this wide-spread
participation is the inability to meet for the purpose of working as‘a
group. As a result, the function of MYSKANIA is constantly in
question. This. in turn, has caused us to question our own role,
considering that the past traditions of this organization may no longer
be relevant to the present university. A further consequence is the
lack of respect accorded to MYSKANIA by the student body at
Albany.

We have. therefore. come to the conclusion that numerous changes
are needed, while maintaining the basic purpose of MYSKANlA of
serving as a non-academic honorary. Although we have been guardians
of tradition, MYSKANIA needs to recognize its changing role in a
changing society.

In due consideratin of the evaluation. the following recom-
mendations are hereby made to Central Council:

1) MYSKANIA shall be a non-academic honorary with ceremonial
functions only (e.g. Convocation, Graduation, Torch Night. etc.)

2) It shall be composed of thirteen members honored for their
outstanding contributions to the University. their leadership, ability.
character. reliability. good judgment, and initiative.

3) The members shall be selected by a screening committee to be
recommended by MYSKANIA 1971.

4i) MYSKANIA shall no longer concern itself with screening for
Supreme Court.

5) MYSKANIA shall no longer select freshman class guardians. lt
recommends that class guardians shall assume their function in the
form of a Freshman Advisory Council, possibly consisting of Summer
Planning Conference Assistants. officers of the sophomore. junior and
senior classes. and any other interested people.

6) MYSKANIA shall be responsible mainly for furthering the aims
and ideals of the university community.

ALBANY STUDENT rscss

FRIDAY. MARCH 6. I970

Kuntsler Draws Thousands

continued from page 1

John Froines did speak also,
and was well received by the
crowd, though undeniably over-
shadowed by Kunstler.

A teacher of Chemistry.
Froines was one of the two defen-
dants found innocent. He spoke
before Kunstler early in the rally.

Froines’ speech dealt more
closely with his impressions of the
trial. He saw lhe entire process as
a “growth period" and stated that
concerning the 7 defendants and
their twu lawyers "we‘ve all gone
through changes." "In the pro-
cess." he stated, “Bill (among
others) has become a different
person."

The trial changed things in a
more widespread sense, too. The
movement was different since Chi-
cago; “a lot of kids who never
knew before learned how lo fight
in the streets of Chicago."

The ten years since 1960 - what
Froincs termed the beginning of
the movement - saw an educative
process taking place. “We’ve be-
come educated - we've found out
what America is really about."
according to John Froines.

An appeal was made by lhe
NLOC for money to help out in
the appeal proceedings - costs of
which have been estimated as high

 

 

 

7'30 ©ttingeri 7'30
SPONSORED 8‘1 PyE cwa

mm lilting (Mllghl)

 

suim Comical era

 

as nearly half a million dollars. In
an outpouring of support over
$1800 was collectedl

In all the evening was an
uncommon one. Fear of violence
bordered on paranoia. yet even
the media gradineg admitted that
the crowd was fantastically well
behaved. The speakers sccmed
pleased with their ausience. and
the audience plcaScd with the
speakers.

For a night at least, over
10.000 (media estimate) members

 

W'" \f-‘l‘i' p’ “p

it! 1'. line” ‘.

identiﬁes
the world’s
beer drinkers!

ANHEUSER-BUSCH. INC. - ST. LOUIS

best

of the university community
shared a common experience - and
a happy one. I .

Bill Kunstler may still go to jail
- John Froines and the other six
defendants too - but their impact

has left few of us untouched -
and, after last night. more of us
are more aware.

Frosh Class Election

Invalidated

by Bob Warner

The University Supreme Court
at a special Wednesday night meet»
ing invalidated the Class of ’73
elections. The basis for the court's
decision was the fact that the
election machine for Class of '73
officers was “jammed with paper
upon which were names of write-
in candidates." The court, in its
unanimous ruling, declared that
Election Commissioner Jeanette
Beckcrman was “within legal juris-
diction" to invalidate the election.

In the Commissioner‘s own
words: “Upon investigation. I
found that there were papers
stuffed in the spaces for write-ins
for President and Vice-President.
On these papers were written “Jay
Glasscr" and "Alan Pallat."

A further complication arose to
augment Beckcrman's problems.
Freshmen who wanted to vote for

by Court

their class officers could not, after
the election booth was closed
down. But they did vote for
MYSKANIA; therefore. their tax
cards were punched, and sub-
sequently they could not have
voted should the booths have
been opened again. This would
have been unfair to those who
wanted to vote for their class
officers.

Therefore. the Supreme Court
decided to invalidate the election
on the basis of voting inconsis-
tencies. “For reasons of incon-
sistency.” the Court said. "...and
to make elections just and equilir
ble. the Supreme court rules that
the Elections for the Class of
1973 be void and invalidated."

The Election Commissioner has
suggested that the new election he
held concurrent with Senate
Elections from Mar. 23-25.

Supreme Court lnvclirlms Election

Stale Unlverslty ol New York
at Albany. Student Association. Sll‘
pramc Court. Dcclslon on the Valldlty
of the Elections of lhe Classes of 1971
and 1973 of March 3. 1970.

RE: The referral by Jeancllo Becker-
man. Elccllon Commissioner. concern-
Inq the elections of the Class of 1071.

The Suprcmo Court llnds lhal the
evidence presented 15 not iiisllflablo
enough to void the elections. The
Court also feels thal Elocllon Conunls-
sion conducted llself in an oqullablc
faslilon. l'hc Court so rules by a 4-0~0
vole (Jiistlccs Handolinan. l-loall,
Llebcrman. and Polskowskl concur-
fll'llj).

NE; l'ho referral by Jcnncllc
Bockurman. Elcclion Commissioner.
concerning the elections of lhe Class of
1971‘

Inc first part ol the Bockcrnmn
referral slalcs that at ll pan. of the
slnlcd date. an L'lOCllUll machine was
lummcd with paper upon whlch wore
names of wrile-In candldatus. Accord-
111‘) in lull Ct: 1.970410 (Election Pro
Lcduros) Section VII. Election Com~
missionor Ueckcrniun was wrlhm lL'lIdl
lurisihcllon .isklnn lho Supreme Court
to invalidate the clcclion (GO/o-oo.
Section Vlll~lllOl|llldlll|ll5). liu: (Loan
to rules by .1 vote ol 11-00 (Jilfrlch'.
llnnilulilmli, lleall. lieberinan. .mrl
I’otlmwslu Loncnrinul).

lviiloniiu had been liiiiiinlil lllll ill
lhe limiunn that alter lhe class elect
mn'. lmtl lluull been suspended. riln

donls of the Class of 1973 were
allowed to vote for MVSKANIA eleci‘
Ions. using tho original procedures for
votlng. No attempt was made by the
Election Commlsslon to list the slu~
dents who voted for MYSKANIA. st)
lhal at a fulure llme lhey could vote.
for class officers.

For reasons of lnconslslcncy 1n vol
luq procedures, the aforementioned ln~
cldenl of mniiiiluo tho vollnii machine.
and to inako olocllons ||I5l and each
able. the Supreme Court rules that the
Elccllons for the Class ol 1973 be void
and lnvalldated. lhe Cnnrl so rules by
a vote of 4-0-0 (Justices l-landolman.
Hoall. Lieberman. and l’olslrowski coir
currlng).

Thu Courl recommends llldl [ch1
Ion Commission set up .i new lime and
place for the elections in bi.- relinln. m
consnllalton With lhe L.Ill(l|fldlu‘u on
the ballot. flu.- tailloi shall consul of
the same candidates as previous. and
the application process nni In:
opened. Directions lor wrile-ms I. .
bc explicllcly provided lor,

So rendered by lliu Htlprcillc (Hull

ol the Student Assocnninn ol the ‘riaiv
Humanity of New York .ll /\Ih.mv llll'.

loiirlli [my of March. Ninelei-n Ilnn
died and chnan.

l‘niil Lieberman. l'lilel ln'iln v

lav I lamielnnm. nwu 1.110 f nn-l lli‘.llil
Wllllrllll |li.-.i|1. lunlu 4-

I (1 l‘iil‘.l\nw',|« I. lll'>l n .-

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

a: can liar" °'
lNG IERV
1mm may ME UNRECOGNIZEAREZ 3” “mm”
F SAM CoNDEMNED ms '
““AANK BUILDING in
NM ICALiFoRNM, Bar
6 BABIES m

 

 

"ARE we DANGEROUS? I.
1 me rue Mat we ARE.

 

 

 

[arm [Altair '4

Editorial Comment

Three Ring Circus

We wonder if Barnum and Bailey slang this
week‘s class officer elections since it amounch lo
lilllc bill a three ring circus Willi each class vying for
main attraction status.

Lcl‘s begin wilh the sophomore class (wc‘ll save
the best for last). The pi'cscnl class of ‘73 placed an
ad in the February 27 ASP and paid for it wilh class
money. Supposedly the all reminded sludcnls about
lllc opcll class council meeting: howeveer large
bold prim ill lhc lop of the ad wci'c wrillcn the
names of llic four class officers. 'l‘hcy jnslil'y this
n‘icsponsiblc spending of class funds by saying lbal
('ampus ('lipboaid carries a nolicc of the class
council mccling CVCl‘y wcck. Let us add lhal lhe
ASP docs nol carry a paid znlvcrliscnicni of lhe
niccling cvcry weck nor does clipboard lisl llic
names of the class of '72 officers.

|.cl's move on the second ling ol‘our three 1ng
incnagcric: lhc class of ‘7 I. The ASl’ carried a small
mum in a consecutive issncs reminding lllt‘ class of
'7! “Ilnu ll has been liadilional lhai there be no
campaigning." ()Ilc slalc of candidates blalaully
broke [his nadillon by not only placing a large ad in
Ihc ASl’ (by the way. whle are you concerned
aboul'll. but also placing their group piclurc above

visitations

by Richard Fricdlaudcr

ii. The incumbents placed a game called “up with
the posters. down wilh ilic posters." as if oning
wilh lhe morality of lhe issue.

Now for the class of ‘73. ll seems to us that Ihc
tapering of a write-in candidalc's name in Ihc voling
booth could only be a prcmcdilalcd action. lilcclion
Commission had every light to recommend Ilic
invalidalion of an clcclion which appeared to be
deliberately bollixcd 11p.

Aflcr analyzing lliis campaign one 'acl becomes
cvidcnl-fcw. if any. of lhe nominees deserve the
office they were seeking. G. G.

The Thaw

A llniw is coming Afch years and years Spring
may be cooling even here. A connnnnily is blossom-
ing. lnhcrcnl in llll.‘ conccpl of connnuiiily is an
aclivc inlci'csl in cvciyllling lhal affcclsol llncalcns
lhc community. [I would bc fun In sit around and
bask in our new found sense of L‘Ulllllllllllly. bill
lhcrc arc llnugs to be done. Decisions are being
made about us blil million! us. It is lime I'm a
change and lime for uclion. l.cl'x wake up and play
Ihc game for real. A. T.

 

 

llill Kunsllin' has come lllltl
gum». His ideas sci-in sick lo many;

guilly of trying to prohibil free-
dom of speech. Quite a double to come.

The most dangerous of all is yet
bowuver. ll. deals with

I!" CARE CENTER Ull CAMPUS!

Administration answers demands of
Women’s Liberation Front

All students. faculty. and stuff lnvllod

COME SHOW YOUR SUPPORT
Moa. March 9 3:30 LC 22

SlllE rail T

is in the works...

A representative from each participating group and

 

anyone interested in helping wlth the project should

attend a meeting

Wednesday. March ll. 7:30 in Hum 254

Pat Schumann 457-4012
Pat O'Hern 467-4997

 

 

 

For further information call:

 

 

others think llial he knows whal's
happening.

Perhaps it is iiol Kunsllcr who
is sick . however. Perhaps the sick
ones are llll' people who tried lo
slop him from coming and “ID
people who lricd lo bring him
llt‘l'l' any way llu-y could

'l‘hi-ri- are many liiipiu'lnnl
poinls to bring oul about lhe
proceedings llial Wl'lll on lhc
week before Kilnsllcr l‘llllll'. 'l'lli-
\’1|I'|U|lh llllt'llllllh madv lo slop or
ill insuri- liiiiisllcr's \‘isil Wt‘l't'
perhaps more lllllll'lllllt‘l‘llllt‘ than
liunsllcr's most radical Ibouuhls

l"irsl ll'l u.» lnkc lln- Slnli' As
scinblyuiaii Nt'll licllcllcr l\li' l(t‘l'
lclu'r ll'lt'll to stop liinislli-i' from
speaking at all As long as Mr
lilllisllci' is not lllllll’l' arrest for
lrying lo lllt'lll' a riol llll'l‘t' is no
legal reason why lll‘ should iinl lll'
allowed lo spcak.

'l‘hus. Mr. Kcllclier. a slate legis-
lalor who believes in Hue princi-
plus of Allu-ricaii democracy. lh'

mawmll s- ~ ma .

slandard. What happened lo the
old saying. “I may not agree wilh
wlial you say but I'll defend lo
the death your right to say it "‘.‘

chl lllt'l'f' are some serious
nut-slions lo be asked of our
sludcnl body. Wlial would have
happened if lln- gym was iiol
going to be given up by the
basketball playcrs" Du lllt' slu»
deals (lhal conslanlly show coil-
(‘cru ovr-r minority rights have
llll‘»l'lul1l to force a smaller group
out of lhe gym against lhcir will'.’
Would there have been an al-
Il-mplcd laknovcr ol‘ the gym if
the players lnidn'l yielded?

l‘IVi-n though the basketball
players wcrc m the minority they
l1.Ill a right lo the gym. This
should llllVl' l)l‘l‘ll l'f‘llllM‘tl. since
there arc dangerous implications
nauli- Monday afternoon aboul
llu- majorily dominating the mi
norily. After all. wcrcn'l. llul vcry
slndcnls llllll wanlcd to seize lhe
gym lhe lilies who always protest
I'or niinorily rights. Another infer-
csling and dangerous double slan-
ilaril has appeared.

sludcnl power. The conflicl here
was lruly bclwccn sludcnl groups,
not with certain athletic officials
as some may colitciul.

The conflict was sl-lllcd by
sludcnl groups in a limiter ol'
scvr-ral hours. If lhe right people
(stndcnls) had been contacted
I'ii'sl it may have ('Vl'll bci-n scllli‘il
sooner. [I' an adminislralivv fial
wr-rc ilcclarcd what position
would sludciils l)l' iii‘.’ Winn would
havv happened to our mrcallcd
sludenl power movcnn-nl'! Aren't
the Very people who asked for an
adiiiinistralch flat the same pco-
|lll‘ that have been telling the
:ulminislratioii to bug mil of our
affairs. An exlrcniely dangerous
double standard can be seen here.
ll could have opcm-d lhe door for
more adininistralivc powr-r over
sludenls when we as sludcnls
waul. more sludcnl power.

ll seems in those three cases the
pni'lics luch chosen to follow the
law or a set of rules when it fits
them and lo disobey lliesc princi~
plcs when lhey don'l llkt' them.
Yet. in this only clinraclcrislic of a
few people or can it be such
consistently throughout our so-
cicty‘!

Communications

 

kettle. The intensity of the color
of the cloud is indicative of the
Students ambient temperature and the
amount of water vapor present.
. It is true, however. that water
Dear Editor: usually coaleSCes around a particu-
Last week, while on u visit to late nucleus (ice crystal. soot par-
the Campus. I noted with interest “Ole. 59" Salt. etc-) ﬂhd thus Per'
11 number of students wearing haps there isa reasonable emission
PYE (Protect Your Environment) EXUdlhg from the SEC" WhiCh
buttons. This is great! 1 am cer- COUId be menﬁured in the form of
lainly pleased to observe this visi- Particu'lllves- The CIOUd by “Riffs
blc commitment by students at not sufficient but is indicative of
SUNYA to the problems of pol- POLOHUEI POlIUf-th-
lution. clean air, and related en- Dr. 0- Willlnm ReYHOldS
Vironmental matters. I also ob- ASSOClMe Professor Dr Selena!
served. while in the Campus Cen-
ter. the seemingly inconsistent
bahavior on the part of many
students Wearing PYE buttons.
Care for the environment is evi-
dently “someone else‘s problem."
The air was thick Willi smoke. '
There was miscellaneous trash SChOIarshlps
(uneaten food, half empty card-
board containcrs. apple cores and To the student‘s;
related junk forsanilary lahd fills) A recent article in the
strewn on the floor and left on ASP(Feb' 24) has brouEht “ﬂight
the tables. despite the ready avail- the rmlsons why Albany State
ubmw of trash mus. University doesn't offer sports

ll is well-known thal students “Chomrships and is therefore play"

have. in recent years, underscored in“ Cone“) dMSion Sports' This
the “hypocrisy” of the society. made explains what must be
when describing America's social done in order to improve our
system. perhaps. it isn't too much athletic standing in intercollegiate
to hope that in the support of the Sports‘ There are three main
PYE program—-which seems to in Sources for SChOIarship money;
(“Cle H change in emphnsis in the state or university itself. the
student action from minority "lumni’ and the students and in-
groups to a clean environment-we terested grouPs’
may observe consistent. non- The State at this “me doesn’t
hypocritical behavior by students. offer any scholarsmps for Sports'
Most of the budget money is tied
up in expanding ayounggrowing
university or helping the needy.
This is the top priority as it
should be. Hopefully after the
dust settles and the university
matures funds can be set aside for
intercollegiate sports.

The second alternative is for
the alumni to help out. Until
recently Albany was only a teach-
ers college with a minimum of
graduates each year. in recent
years this has changed; Albany is
now a university graduating ap-
proximately 3000 each year going
into all walks of life.

The third route is to the cur-
rent students themselves, the ones
‘ ‘ who have the most to gain. If
reality is not evidence of pollutant they're interested, part of the
“vapors” arising from said build- student tux could be used towards
ing. It however. from other evi- scholarships. Many will not agree
dences in the same picture, indi- to this but the issue can be
catcs a relatively cool teinpei'u- decided by a simple election. If
turc. Indeed, cool enough to this proves unsatisfactory then the
readily condcnsc the water vapors students who make use of the
(a product of combustion) upon team by watching them play
contact wilh the atmosphere in might want to contribute to iin-
the region of the stack. in the proving the team.
same manner thal water vapor
condenses near the spout of a tea

Hypocritical

Sports

Very truly yours.
ll,M.Engel

Mysterious
Vapors

To the Editors:

Re: Picture front page of the
ASP by Benjamin.

1 note the caption under the
picture depicting the services
building is as follows: “Pollution
control seems to bc warranted on
our own campus as indicated by
the ‘mysterious vapors'
from the Services Building."

This “pictorial evidence" in

rising

Ray Neidl

 

asp stall

 

The Albany Student Press is published two times a week by the
Student Association of the State University of New York at Albany.
'l‘he Ah‘l’ editorial office is located in Room 334 of the Campus Cen-
ter. The newspaper is funded by S.A. tax. The ASP was founded by
the Class of IElll'l. The ASP phones are 4157-2190. 457-2194. If no
answer. 457-3430.

It'difrirs-ill-(‘Iiic/
(iury Gulf and Anita 'I‘lioycr

. .Pri! O'Ilcrn

Nancy Durish

Carol Hughes

. Linda Waters

. . Robert Fann'lanl
Dauc Fink

. 'l‘am (.‘lingan

Linda Slaazak

, . . , . (lorry It’lmclincr
, .Cliuck Ri'bak

. Jeff Rodgers

. . . . . Andy Ilochbcrg

Managing [Editor . . .
News It'dilors

[iris Editor

Sports Efffllll's .

’l‘cchnicul It'rlilors

(.‘lty [Editor

Business Manager . . , .
Advertising Manager . . . . . . . . .

Photography lt‘dilur

All communication: must be addressed to the cdltou and must be signed.
,. . .

 

' should be Ilmlted to 300 words and are sublect to editing.
Edltoriai pollcv cf the Albany Student Press ll determined by the Edlion-ln-
Chief.

 

 

 

 

