 

 

 

 

Sponsored

‘ International Students' Associa-
j tion sponsored United Nations
'. evening celebration last Saturday.

The program included a wel-
: coming address by Syed A. Jafri,
,_ President of the International Stu-
dent Association. Mayor Corning
was the guest speaker for the
evening.

In his opening speech, Syed Jafri
thanked the chief guest and the
audience for joining that; night’s
activities. He introduced the sig-
nificance of the evening by say-
ing:

recognition of the fact that it is
the 26th anniversary of the found-
ing of this organization. In spite
of its faults, the UN still tries to
achieve its goal--the international
brotherhood of man."

“We are gathered here tonight
not as judges of the United Na-
tions’ efforts but rather as a
microcosm, a small represen-
tation of its ideals of peace and
brotherhood.

“The international student
organization recognizes that these
ideals are not always possible in
the outside world but they can be

   

  

from 10

VII-

 

“It is called U.N. Evening in,

State University Bookstore

M16
50% off
Hard & paperbound books

Sale located in the Tunnel area

 
  PAGE 4
  United Nations Eve

by I.S.A.i

possible here tonight. Tonight
would be a good opportunity for
all of us to achieve a better-
understanding of and more toler-
ance for peoples much different
from ourselves.”

In the end, Syed Jafri expressed
the hope: “We all hope that this
perspective of Internationalism
will someday replace the negative
aspects of nationalism which in
many instances haVe kept us
away from achieving the ideals of
United Nations."

In reply to Jafri’s speech, Mayor
Erastus Corning expressed his
wishful comments for the Associ-
ation and illustrated the signifi~
cance of the United Nations' role
in the environment. Mr. Corning
was obviously impressed by the
presentation by the International
Students‘ Association.

Following the Mayor‘s speech a
variety show was presented by
students from all over the world.
African and Puerto Rican dances
by EOP students, Arabian, Chi-

nese, Indian and French dances by
international students and sitar
playing were the highlights of the
events.

   
   
  

am.4 pm

 

 

IF YOU HAVE TO

STUDY AT CIDOC
WORK SIX HOURS

  

    
 

fur “morn. informant.“ .,..
sprou- [How-m .mr mum

on slur...“ ,n .u minnow

  

 

STUDY SPANISH
IN CUERNAVACA.

AND HAVE TO LEARN IT WELL

FOUR STUDENTS PER TEACHER
PAY $135 FOR EACH MONTH
START ANY FIRST MONDAY

SUNY students can obtain further information on spending
a term in Cuornavaca from author Dr Frank Carnno (472
2977.) or Eduardo Rivera (457 62”)

MEXICO

LEARN SPAN I SH

IN CUERNAVACA
EACH DAY

III“ '0:

CIDOC

APDO. 479. CUERNAVACA, MEXICO

 

 

night.

 

 

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1970

 

,v 44

Albany Mayor Erastus Corning spoke at the United Nations evening
sponsored by the International Students Association last Saturday

u-rabone

MORGANHC

by Kenneth Haar

If I were some kind of Samurai
sword swinging, gun slinging killer
of men, then i suspect that when
cold wind brings the chill to the
mountains, the fountains, my
bones, I'd be steeped in the
thoughts of the heat of the battle,
of swords tinted crimson, of gore
and of fire that throbs even now
in my chest like some surging
electric, to beat my cold soul,
God knows I've been feeling the
dread of the ages, been carrying
the weight of the dead of the ages,
been wounded quite deep by the
hate of the dead of our age—the
cynical, spiteful, the soulless, the
crazed.

A long time I’ve wondered ore
the sorrowful plot, thi' reactions
to tragedy that are more often
not; our thoughts and our dreams
can be passed off as schemes and
are saved for the living, the mind
games like chess games or chest
games, delusions of power, illu-
sions, contusions, the fusion of
cowards...,.0ur tears we do shed
like a veil from a pocket, in our
bag full of tricks there's a plug for
with socket—tears for the dead for
our hopes that are dying, and we
search all in vain for some warmth
in that crying. The words of the
conquerors scream through the

towers, through books and
through history but are gone these
past hours. The thunder of gun-
shots divides our emotion, ex-
plodes and expands it and dams it,
at a time in the nation when
buildings should crumble at the
sound of our marching, when men
should be dying from there own
hateful poison, when we should
be rising to the heights of our
glory, together, forever ..... ..

But the place and the time and
our mouths have consumed us;
the movement lies shattered but
for instants of tension, but the
passion, no passions to guide revo-
lution, no passion at all for the
forced just solution, forced by our
pitiuble lack to just fall, to die,
and to cry, and cry, and to wail
like a child. America, America,
America's dead, to love it is stu—
pid, to leave it is treason, yet
there’s no future in this contest of
who is more reasoned. Like some
fierce mountain lion trecd and
made sterile, made sterile by peril,
not savage with fear....God knows
America it has not been in fashion
this passion for freedom for life
and for justice .... ..we make love
with our guns instead of our
bodies, we reason with our minds
instead of our beings .... ..how can
you trust us, how can they trust
us'.’

 

WM—HH—Hr—HK—Uu—Wmﬂ

WITH COUPON

25¢?

()I F
(mini Ilirii \r-i [of

ion”... ..... i. wont...

 

 

 

_ . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. ,
FREE DELIVERY I
when you order  j

a submarines Ii
from 
University Sub Shop 5.
FREE DELIVERY l l
434-0266 

 

 

  
     
  
     
    
      
    

Class

at9pm

 
  

    
   
  
 

   
   

in the

Tues. night meetings

    
  
   
     

of 9733

         
  
  
 
  
  

 

Judges Move
Saves Rights?

News Editor
A n ASP A nalysr's

A renewed threat of McCar-
thyism was somewhat stifled this
week by a decision handed down
by Judge Gerhard A. Gesell of the
U.S. District Court in Washington,
D.C.

The court decision is a landmark
in that it limits Congressional
power. Judge Gessell stated “it is
alien to any legitimate Congres-
sional function, as well as con‘
trary to our most established tra-
diitions, for any committee of the
Congress to disseminate lists de-
signed to suppress speech. ”

The report, issued by the House
Internal Security Committee,
took form by asking 179 colleges
and universities to list all the
speakers who had appeared on
campus within the last two years.
Rep. Richard H. lchord (Dem,
Missouri), chairman of the com-
mittee, attempted to prove by this
investigation that the monies
earned by the speakers had gone
toward financing left-wing groups,

The committee received {)5
questionnaires in response, and
decided that out of those names
listed, 65 were “radical and/or
revolutionary" speakers. Their
names and their affiliations com~
prise most of the banned report.

Ichord released the report two
weeks ago and Judge Gcsscll is-
sued a temporary restraining order
forbidding the public or the super-
intendent of documents from
publishing it. Wednesday, Gcsscll
made the injunction permancnl
and stated “the court notes the
increasing tendency of the lcgis
lative branch to investigate i'or
exposurc's sake...” The Judge,
however, did not attempt to stop
members of Congress or oihers
from printing the report on their
own.

The injunction, if upheld, would
prevent the report's being issued
or quoted as an offical Govern-
ment document. Gesscll did not
limit others from issuing the rc-
port because “there are limits to
judicial power, just as there are
limits to Congressional com-
mittee action..."

Course Offered

A new course, Nonviolent (four
flict Resolution Forum, will I)('
offered next semester (Spring
1971 1, probably for 11 credits.

The aim of this course is to suck
peaceful and just resolutions of
conflict. The areas of ('(ilit't‘t'll
range from minorin repression,
police brutality, terrorist zirlivily
and violence arising from Mil'liii
and governmental institutions to
international conflicts which him-
resulted in wars and threats of
nuclearannihilation.

Sinco this course cannot lu-
apprOVed before Friday, ()cl. 30.
students who prcrcgister before
this time will have to go through .-
drop-add procedure in order in
enroll.

For more information and to
register, contact coordinator
Martha Dickinson, l’liy. 130”.
457-8344 or 457-83113.

  
   
 

INSTANT DATINGI

with

DIAL-A-DATE

Enjoy . . .
' Meeting New Friends
' A New Social Life
' Travel

' Unlimited Dates
Send Now for FREE Information

-—To—
,. DIAL-,A-DATE m 5401

         
  
   
      
       
    

    
  
 
 

   
  

 

PAGE 5

 
     
 
    

:ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

, FRIDAY,'OCTOBER 30, 1970

PAIGN’

 

 

EDITORIAL

These are deeply troubling times for the nation. Never since
the Revolutionary War have the American people been so
locked in fear and divisiveness. The issues and problems swirl,
stagger the mind of the voter. The more crucial and complex
the issue, the greater the inability of the electorate to
comprehend the proposals and programs. The more crucial the
issue, the more repressive and bitter the mood becomes.

What is happening to American society? What is happening to
New York State?

The situation... A governor in office for twelve years, a
national figure, the complete bureaucrat and politician. His
years of administration have seen the budget steadily rise from
$2 billion to 37% billion. education expenditures from $600
million to nearly $2.5 billion will] the expansion of the Slate
Universin systcni to include on campuscs and 192,000 full time
sludcnts, Thc dcvclopmcni of a $4 billion construction program
for lhc sizilc universin to be completed by 1075. ilid lo local
governments rise from less lhal $1 billion lo morc than $4
billion, the crcalion of lhc New York Mortgage Agency with
$750 million in bonding authority, lhc establishment of the
Urban Development (‘orporation which has signed ilngClllClllS
with 22 localities lo dcvclop 30,000 units of housing. massive
office conslruclion Slill’ls, fostering construction booms in New
York (‘in and Albany, the creation of numerous regulatory
agencies in tlic ﬁelds of pollution, industry hiring practices and
consumer protection.

Ycl, it appears in 1070 as if Anthony Wcincr‘s
prediction was correct: “The possibilily lllllSl be
faced lhal man's unrcmiiling, Fanslian striving may
llIlIliiulCIy remake his natural condilions cnvrron-
mental, social and psychobiological so far as In
begin to dchnmanizc himself or to degrade his
political or ecological situation in some costly or
even irrevocable manner."

For behind lhc growth of New York State and American
society unparalleled crises simmer: hard drug addiction...
unemployment... transportation inadequacies... housing
shortages... pollution of the air and water... tax inequities and
levels... fiscal irresponsibility... growing tensions on the
campuscs and in the minority communities... spiraling wclfarc
costs and the inability of the second most populous state to
mch ihcm... backlog in the courts... corruption and inefficiency
in the stale :igcncics... congestion and breakdown in lhc cilics...

And 'liniaicly, lhc conscqucncc of Wcincr‘s prediction, the
oulnigc of lhosc whom society has dismully failed, and its
growing violent expression. A lroublcd clcctoralc has been
provided scapcgoats and Campaign 70 increasingly lach on the
aura of a wilchhunl. ‘

Never in history has an election campaign posed such an
ominous lhrcal to [he conslituiional liberty of lhc American
people. chcr him: so many candidatcs chosen not to discuss
lhc issues Inlclligcnlly and coherently. Never have llicrc been so
many scapcgoats. They have impugned each other each oihcr's
intelligence or honesty or patriotism or dedication. They have
collectively impugned the most fruslratcd and outraged of lhc
crushed minorilies.

Campaign 70 has wilh
misrcsprcscnration, rhetorical divisiveness, udvcrlising hoaxes,
ovcrslalcmclll, and lhc nation‘s Vicc-I’rcsidcnl himself has
played a major role in this degradation.

What candidate has offered the hope that we might slop the
(Icilllllltilllltllitlll of our way of living‘.7 What candidate has not
rcscrvcd lhc most persuasive of his riictoric to czisligalc his
opponent or lhc "revolutionary?" Whal candidate has success-
fully conductcd a campaign of public cducalion'?

lilcction, 1970, is a true reflection of the nation at large. The
half-lrulhs, lhc billcrncss, lhc irrclcvancc of much that has
lnippcncd represents a society which is frightened and troubled.
It reveals a nation that desperately needs revival and reordering
It reveals it people who are tired, grieved al the failure they are
pcrpcluainig.

It reveals a people who, so grieved, are turning in on
thcinsclvcs,dcpriving themselves of their constitutional life.
blood their liberty. it reveals ii people, so grieved, that they
desperately bclicvc lhal no-knock, preventive detention, wirc-
lapping, capital punishment and l’lendcrson Acts will make lhc
utilities work again, erase hard drug addicilion and foster social

bccn rcplctc deliberate

 

'jusiicc‘. " ' ' ‘ . .

‘A Nation So Troubled

A

H’-

llllllll llllllllll

7%

Election Analysis

 

by Bob Warner
News Editor

The stakes of this year‘s election are high for both
Democrats and Republicans, with the Senate shap-
ing up as the main battleground.

The results of this election will greatly determine
the outcome of Nixon's policies such as nomina-
tions to the Supreme Court, welfare reorganization,
ill'ld defense expenditures. They will greatly deter-
mine the political balance for the entire decade, as
well.

President NIXON, who has been thwarted on many
key votes by the Senate, and prompted by the
elusive goal of Republican control of the upper
chamber, has poured millions of dollars into the
Republican Senatorial campaigns

It remains doubtful, however, if he can gain party
control. Most observers estimate that the President
will fall short of gaining the seven Republican seats
which are needed to create a 130-50 ration in the
Senate.

Yet, it seems increasingly possible that Nixon will
gain ideological control of the Senate with a gain of
three or four seats.

The Republicans are hopeful of defeating Gore in
Tennessee, Tydings in Maryland, Meizenbuum in
Ohio (who is running to fill the seat vacated by
Young, a Democrat) and Hartke in Indiana.

They concede, however, that they are in trouble in
New York, Florida, Illinois, Vermont, Texas and
California.

Nevertheless, the Republicans have a statistical
advantage because, of the thirty-three seats up for
re-election, twenty-five are held by Democrats.

It is noteworthy that hesidunthixon is the first
President since Zachary Taylor in 1848 to win the
White HOuse while the opposition party controlled
both houses of Congress. Asa result, the tradition

 

, that'tha party in the‘White House loses strength In

\

4\\¥\\\
\

\

’WE MUST consross THAT WE {HALL BE ‘
CITY UPON A WILL, THE EYES OF ALL PEOPLE
ARE UPON U5. JaHN WINTMIMP

 

Republicans Seek Senate Control

the mid-term elections does not necessarily hold this
year, many observers are claiming.

Should Nixon gain seats, he will not have actually
reversed the political trend, but merely obtained a
vote of confidence which was partially denied him
in 1968 due to the closeness of the election.

Both parties, however, concede that the House of
Representatives will safely remain Democratic, with
even a small gain of about twelve seats forecasted for
the Democrats. The House, however, is already
viewed as more politically in tune with the Nixon
policies than the Senate.

The national Republican organization has virtually
ignored the thirty-five gubernatorial races and
forty-five state legislature races throughout the
nation. The Democrats now have only 18 of 50
governorships, but are expected to gain from four to
eight more, which would give them approximate
parity .vith the Republicans.

Democrats hope to gain in Ohio, Pennsylvania,
Arkansas, Florida, Michigan, and Minnesota.

The gubernatorial and state legislature campaigns,
however, are particularly significant this year. not
simply in light of the Presidential elections in 1972,
but also for the redistricting of all House and state
legislature districts. Redistricting will affect the
American political scene for a decade.

All state legislatures are mandated by the Supreme
Court to redistrict House and Assembly districts in
accordance with the “one man, one vote" principle,
and will be forced to comply when the results of the
1970 Census are tabulated.

iGerrymundering, however, has not been ruled
illegal. If one party ioverwhelmingly controls the
itate houses after November 3rd. that party will be
In a position to significantly shift the balance .of
power to its favor. “ ""

 

  
 
  
  
  
   
   
 
  
 
  
  
    
   
 
   
  
   
   
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
    
   
   
  
   
  
     
    
    
     
    
      

 

  
    

      
    
     

