 

 

i
I
I.

  
  

   
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1970

PAGE 8

Justice Brought Before the Offenders

Fred Cohen and Michael Feit are associated with
the Criminal Justice Department of Albany State.
They are also associated with such dissidents as
Vernon Bowen, Liz and Stu Ewen, Steve Cooper,
Jack Schwartz, and Jerry Wagner. It is important to
them that such voices by heard, not in a jail cell. but
out in the open. As the word is deﬁned, they are
radicals, for they seek the truth at the very roots.

Fred Cohen, Professor, seeks, through his course
in “Political Dissent and Political Trials," to give
young activists a sense of history to develop a
systematic approach in bringing about change. “We
are talking about a system that is fundamentally
corrupt, where the courts are used as instruments of
political repression. They are so alienated in time,
space, and culture, that to talk about justice is a
joke." He sees as the worst thing possible the people
who just sit in a lab and die there. “They are the
ones the youth are screaming against, and they
cannot be pitied, for they are the enemy."

He regards the University as being void of a
quality of life, and seeks to point out that it must
be more careful in the manner in which it moves
against students.

For his own life he says: “I have an obligation to
the leftists, the juveniles, the deviants — those
people who challenge authority. I feel more comfor-
table with them. Right now, I am in a process of
becoming rather than saying where I'm at. If it
comes to me, I have to work out myidentity and my
own role."

Michael Feit has come a long way since the
beginning of a career that started at Syracuse
University. In the process of moving along into
ofﬁces such as the Criminal Justice Resource Center
and through positions such as the Chief of the
Bureau of Appeals in Albany, he has come to realize
that the system must change. In his own words: “I
have seen that there is more attention given to the
system than to the people being persecuted under it.
In the selection of juries, blacks and the young are
totally absent...The correctional system is incapable
of restoring people to the community.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 
 
   
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
   
  
 
     

by Tommy Boehm

There is legal aid available to you on campus. It is
not just a service, either. There is more, much more
to it than that.

Professor Fred Cohen
I ...chow

“A black militant once said that the best thing he
could say about me was that I was a ‘good liberal.”‘
Mr. Feit finds himself in agreement with the
criticisms of the black and revolutionary peoples.
Yet, though he understands that some who resort to
violence see themselves as one day being vindicated
by what they seek and accomplish by it, he cannot
condone it. “It all becomes a question of changing
one regime for another one, and many will be
unhappy by such a change." And so, it is justice
that Michael Feit seeks.

“We‘ve built a tremendously complex society we
don't understand how to live in. We are essentially
tribal peoples, being bombarded by media to deal
with things we can‘t understand. And so, seapegoats
are sought. People will allow themselves to be
convinced by societies, because the prisons are far
removed, and they can't see what is happening
there."

As I walked out of his office, he turned to me iind
said, “If any of your friends get busted, this is the
place to Call." Saying so, he handed me a card:
Michael A. Fail, Attorney at Law. [841 Washington
Avenue, Albany, NY. 462-3464.

a? I  I.
WITH MAX SIIULMAN
(BylliraulhuraJRally RoumlilirFlag, ovl . .. Ilahirli'illii. . . rlro

Money: The Story of Higher Education

    

Not long ago it was no big problem for a college to raise money.
The president simply went out and put the munch on some fat alumnus.
But that won't work today. Most alumni, shaky about what's hap-
pening on American campuses, are sewing up their pockets. And even
those few who can still be snowed are driving hard bargains. Not long
ago, for instance, Walter “Booln” McMeekin, Yale ‘07, got a new
gymnasium named after him and all he gave was three dollars and
forty cents. ' I ' .
Well sir, what's a college to do? If they try to raise tuition just
once more. the remaining buildings will surely be levelled. By the
parents, I mean. Nor can colleges cut operating costs any further be-
cnuse they long ago eliminated all the frills like, for example, heating
the dormitories. So where will they find the money they so desperately
need'.I . '
Well air, if yours happens to be a college where beer is‘sold iii. the
student union, you've got it lickcd. All you have to do is put_iii ii
plentiful supply of Miller High Life and stand back. You'll see business
‘bcom beyond your most hopeful dreams because every 'undcrgriid in
the country is positively bananas about Miller High Life! And why
wouldn't he be? Is any othcr box-r so tasty? So zesty? So trusty? So
gutsy? So feisty? So funsty'.’ So yi-nsty'.’ So miiltsy'.’ So hopsy?

No, dear friends, Miller stiiiids iiloiic, Iight-yciirs iibovc tho others.
And the othch will ncvcr criuzil it, for th'y will iicvcr Iciirii Miller‘s
marvelous brewing formula, ii ji-iiloiisly giiiirrli-d sccrr-l for morc than
115 years. In fact, ilii- formula today is known lo iiiily oiic man on
earth 1» Millcr's cliicf brcwmiistcr who will iii-Vcr, lll‘Vl'l‘ Liilk bur-aust-

 

he is not only ii dcnl—mulc, Iic is also ii 'l‘riiiisylviiiiinii who, as you
know. can turn into n Iiiit if he is ever captured.

Win a Ski Week at _

JACKSON HOLE

with Suzy Chaﬁee and Pepi Stiegler

    

 

 

   
 
 
  

 

. u u I II I
Imagine skiing the Gentle Giant. I 1
Jackson Hole, with Suzy Chalfee I (,1... I I
and Pepi Sieigler, It’s part of I I I I
SALOMON SKI BINDING'S I éilglélmi I
special college contest. Includes I ﬂimm’li I
round-trip air fare from your I IN I
hometown to Jackson Hole, I W I
room, all meals, lift tickets, lessons i g- |
and a free pair of SALOMON SKI I I I 
. BINDINGS! Glamorous former | ‘
But I digress. Supposing you don't iicll beer in the union. whenI U S Sk. T b S d | TI \ M
then can you raise the moncy‘.’ Well sir, hcrc'n what thcy did at the - - .I earn mem Ier UZY “I I I,  I
Idaho State College of Belles Lettrcs and Spot Wcldiiig. ' Olympic gold medalist Pepi Will I I
What they did was iich a iiix-dollnr cover cliiirgc to ciich mcnll1 in be there for personal instruction I I
the student cafeteria. Nnturiilly they find to justify thc charge, so t cy , H
started doing floor shown during meiils. nl'llllvt' me, folks, if you'rc i-vcr or IusI lun‘Skllng- Enter tOdaV- : l
in the neighborhood, be sure to drop iii. It's worth cvcry |.ciiiiy. SALOMON BINDING "SKIWEEKH I
The show opens with Professor Norman Globe, ihi- vvcr-populiir CONTEST RULES I "
head of the sociology and weather-stripping dcpiirtinciit, doing Sl‘thfill ".5 “5w Jun mm H mnny cannon la, “"5 I 7 7 A . - ,_. A, A
chuuklesome stunts nnil imitations. First he sings 'I'rccs nii ll might lic wIwckv nub CW“ “"00" U" “SALOMON I I:
done by Jose Feliciiiim, Georges I’oiiipidou. llllll Woody \Vuoilpcckcr. BINDINGS‘I .n II“, cannon mmowhm and mmI I . r r  » w ._. - _._,_L.
Next he sings School Imus as it might be doiiu by the liciinon Sisters. [0 us along wuli um cartoon, your nnnw, address | 8" “"° ‘0 “5° SALOMON BINDINGS WHIII" your carillon.
the Mayo Brothers iind Mark ltudd. For his but number he does that and so dunlai. Eniar as many iinias as you Ilka. : N
old reliable,can't-miss,sur(i-lirucruwrl plciisor:hewrestlcsnniikedliisoii. COMB" Closes ""dlllahl 0660mm" 3|. 1979 Eii- I """’———~———--—-  m 7-H _. M 0 VA
A tough net to follow, right? Iliit wnit. After him comes l’rofcssor "“’5 W'” U" Nam“ 0" "‘0 I’M“ OI O'IQIMIIIY Md I Addw“ I
. 1- i- A humor and wanna die piopuiiy of A a. T 5k. —~ «mu—Adumw . _._7 .
Nirvana Signfoos, the ever—popular bend of the l‘ iniiish and other giit- compmw Ton "mm" up mums M” mum" "on | I |
turul languages department, whose specialty is sWIillowiiig. She Shirts SALOMON BINDINGS I Clly~.___ Siamu~ﬂ ___,_ __7 Zip" g |
commonplacer enough by swallowing n sword, and at this point the I Col/me
audience always yiiwnii and says, "llu-huin. Another sword swallower." I _.._ _.
But sheiuoon diiinbuueii them of that notion, you miiy be sure! Next she l Name a, you, 5/". Den/0L
swallows two PILI). theses iind a Buick. But wait. She finishes by in- I M.“ mm.“ . *—“' "ﬂu——
gesting the entire buildings iind grounds department! Well sir, oil I can I SALOMON cgiLEGE CONTEST A b T SKI COMPANY
any in if Ed Sullivan evor catches this in t, there'll be ii bright new slur I 1725 woman Ann“ Nun," Sum”. wumnnm" 98109
___________________________ ___i

 

in the Broadway llrmumentl

After Professor Siguloos‘ii not the audience III niiturnlly linlf-dciid
from npplnudlng. so the finali.I is n wulcomcly quiet iict. 'l'hrcc spores
come out and float for twenty minutes. Then, spent but happy, the
student body retire to their pnllotn iind sleep the clock around.

And no to thoso of you who despair of solving the fiscal problems
of our colleges, I say fie! Just remember one thing: America did not
become the world's foremost producer of wing nula nan nylon pie-
ijling by running away from a light!

Salomon

.l‘ \.\| \Xrt mm...”
\ i ii...” iiiiiinii,

SALOMON SKI BINDINGS

"iliay hold lill you really have in linch

s m ii

If wing nuts and nylon pic-ﬁlling don’t grab you, how aboul lrm'iia
Miller High Life, lh: Champagne o/ Lleerii and His sponsor of line column?

 

 

 

Miller iii available in canii, Imlllea, kevu . . . and delicious evervwav.

 

 

 

ADVEH'I'ISEMENI ADVERTISEMENT

 

 

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1970

 
   

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

GLF: ALIENA TED AMONG

by Kathy Kelley

Homosexuals are America's
most oppressed minority. At the
October alst rally held here in
Albany, they were not even men-
tioned as an oppressed minority,
as were women, blacks, Indians,
and Mexican-Americans. In order
to be acknowledged, a member of
Gay Liberation Front had to get
up and speak to protest the homo-
sexunl's oppression. Evon al a
largely student. radical rally,
where people should be most a-
ware iiiid open-minded, they iirc
ignored and neglected because the
homosexual is nol mentioned in

public.
On campus-hot to mention in
society in general-~nttitudcs ill‘L'

worse. Homosexuals, unlike other
minorities, are still far enough
underground so that it is still safe
to make jokes about them, provi»
ding that you don't mind risking
getting called one yourself, So
homosexuals, in order to 1ch com-
plete lives, am forced to live with-
in their own gay subculture, bc-
cnuse their straight friends cannot
accept them as homosexuals.

Outside of the campus, guy peo-
ple face these as well as many
more serious problems. Likc get
ting their children taken away
from them, or being fired, or
blackmailed so they won‘t lose
their jobs. The straight world has
done nothing about these proh-
lcnu; but aggravate them, but now
the homosexuals are organizing to
take care of their rights as indivi-
duals aiid their place in society.

In Albany, the organization is
called Gay Liberation Front for
the 'I‘ri-Cities, formed this summcr
and now meeting wuckly. 'l‘hc

GLF now has 100 paid members,
with about 300 others who also
show up at various meetings.

I went to two of these meetings,
and the first meeting kind of blew
my mind, but after I got over
being uptight and embiiriissed,
(which was largely because I know
very little about homosexuality
and because I had the feeling that
everybody was ii homosexual) the
fact that it was ii meeting of
homosexuals didn‘t bolhci' mt- so
much. They began, lypicnlly, wilh
a rather long and boring business
meeting and [hen brokc up into ii
riip scssion. This is one of the
most iiiiporlniit functions ofGLF
now: providing an atmosphere
whcri' its members can gcl their
heads logcthei' and where they
can gcl counselling if they lived il.
Also. some people hold rap ses-
sions in llicii' homes. CLI" hiis
licld ii diiiicc for its membci's and
lhcir gin-sis, with about IIUII iillcn-
ding, and plans to hold aiiollicr
(liiiici- Novi-mbci‘ 2S.

Gill“ has plans for lhc l‘iiliii'i'
which go beyond mp scssions and
dances, HS uscl‘ul as “my iii‘c. 'l‘lii-
Albany homosexual community
plans In run ii l‘illl(llllilll' for (3in
(iiiuncil for thc I’il'lh Dislricl in
tlic L'in and for thc sonic ward in
llic county. The Fifth Districl
criinpriscs lhc ill'l‘il around Sliill'
Sirccl, where many of thc homu-
scxuals livv. lls platform will in-
cludi- sclI'-idciilil'icnlioii as well as
such broiid lssut‘s as pollution.
According to [he Action Commit-
li-i» of Girl“, lcgisliilion will be
introduced in lhc next session of
the Now York Stiitc chislnlurc to
repeal lllL‘ stiilc's sodomy laws, as
Well as ii bill cnsui'iiig f'iiir employ-
mcni for homosexuals.

New Department

Continued from page 3
Atmospheric Resonrch (icntcr.
and two students, Sue Cypcrl and
Dave Comiirow, in iiddilion to
other family members, l'ormulat
cd ideas for (I College of Environ-
mental Studies. This collch-
would use the University‘s rc-
sources in many diverse fields illl(l
incorporate them into a prol'itzihlc
program. With these proposals
agreed upon, Wchb I’i was se-
lected to wrilc the official pro-
posal to be hiiiidcd to the Pros-
ident.

From this point, iill Wiiilcil In
Sec President Bciiczcl's i‘ciiclion lo
thc proposal. Al lhc Campus For

 

Firin
g
Continued from page .I
documentation of llu- chiirgi-s
against the ilCCIlhl‘lI is standard
procedure. Why Jacob or iiili-r-
iistcd students inVcsligiiiing lhc
issue could not scc thc lisl i'ciiiiiins
lliiclciir. 'l'his, criiilciidii Jiii'ol). Wiia
highly uiiprol‘i-ssioiiiil and pro»
vented to il liirgc ilcgi'i-c nii :idc
(Iiuitc dcl'cnsc.

Some encouraging signs Iiich nl
rcudy unfolded in ri-l‘crcnci- in
this issue. President Buiiczcl has
HhUW" an interest in soliciting
student participation in this arm
and has iiskcil the Sonatc to iiivcs~
tigntc the possibility. Ill addition,
Bob Jacob will remain on (fiiiii~
bus, working with Neil Brown.
Dean of Student Life, and Gary
Jones, Director of the (liiiiipus
Center.

    
  
   

NEED HELP?
Upstate Abortion Referral
Service
aria-7727'

 

um on ’l‘ucsdiiy, Bciiezcl rcmiirk-
cd lhiit lll‘ was working on llic job
of scorching for ii (lll‘l‘CIlH‘.

It is hoped, said Mr. Schick, that
by l“iill 197], ii program can bc
initiiiii-d. llc i‘oiiimcnlcil that
such a program has two sides; ii
cxisls l)()lll to servo studciits and
lo providc ii iiiiijor rcsciii‘ch iircii
for thosi- lllll‘l'l‘Sll‘d in ciivii'oii~
iiicnliil sf 11(lics.

MI', Schick rcl‘iiscd io divulgi-
illly Ililllll'S iil' lhiisi- l)(‘lllI,{ consi-
(Ii-red I'or lhc job of dirccloi'. llc
ri-miirkcd Illill this ll'lilll Illllsl bc
liolli il scholar iiiid iiii cl'l'iciciil
ndiiiiiiisli'nlor llc did llll'llllUll
lllill siicli pcoplc “.8 Don
McNiiughl, Vlllt't'lll Si'liiii-Il'ci‘, Dr.
John Si'oll, and “I llnlicrl
Ilii-iiiiw liiiVi- llt'(‘ll iicliyc in llllS

lll‘l'll

The Action Committee has also
attempted to get statements from
locnl political ﬁgures, with little
success. Senator-elect James Buck-
ley has made no statement. Unfor-
tunately for homosexuals, the
statewide candidates who lost had
all made favorable statements.
Local candidates had nothing to
say. Governor Rockefeller has
slalvd that he would make his
position known when a bill
repealing Ihc sodomy liiWs came
up for his signature.

Evasion :ind non-response is tlll.‘
most common rciiclinn lo I‘t"
quests by GLF lllill agencies and
political l'igurcs stiilc llieii' posi-
tions concerning homosexuality.
In answer to :i letter scnt by GLF
lo inquirc about hiring and firing
pi'iiciiccs, Illl‘ Statc Education
Dcpiirlmciil mcri-ly slated thnl
ihc ll'lll‘l' Iiiid bi-cii rcccivr‘d iiiid
iiolcd. 'l‘lic Uiiy Liberation Front
has ll‘llllllll' bi'iiig iiulici'il. much
lcss being lisli'iiod lo. 'l'lii-rc lliIS
Ilt‘l‘ll vii'liiiilly no publicity iibiiiil
(iltl’ in this iii'cii. A case lll point
IS Wllill linppciicd to Dr. Laud
lluiiiphrcys, :i prol'cssor :il
SUNYA. Dr. lliimphi'i'ys won the
C.Wriglil Mills Award for Sociolo-
gical llcsciii‘ch, [he most prcsli-
gious ilWill'd iii the l‘icld ol' sociolo-
gy, for his book “'l‘ciirooin 'l‘i'iidc"
iiboul scx in public restrooms.
'l'hcrc was no nwiilion of this in
:my local [)ilpt'l'. 'l'hcrc sccms lo be
ill] iissiimpliiin that the lopic of
homosexualin is not fit lo print,
and in fuel, there in ii policy in
some papers [hat the word homo-
scxuiil is lllll to be used. 'l‘licsc ni'c
sonic ol' the rostrictiniis that so-
l'll'ly pliiccs on gay pcoplc, and
ihcy contribute to the status of
lllililUSl‘XIlill.‘ as non~pcrsons.

()nc pl on who is working
ciilliusiiisticiilly l'or homosexuals
is llll‘ llcvvrcnd 'l‘riiy Berry, pus»
for of the Mclriipiilitiiii Communi-
iy (‘hurch in [105 Angclcs (primiir~
il_\' for llllllltlSl‘XllilISl, who spoke
lll i\lliniiy i'ccciitly on the
hoinuphilc mnvunu-nts on the
Wi-sl (Toast. The church grcw from
ils l'iriil scrvicc iillcndcd by only
aboul 12, to El i'cgulur congrcgn»
liiiii of about 3,500. The scrviccs
llii-iiisclvcs are typical of ollior
Christian Churches, including
communion and a choir. 'l‘ho
ll.(‘..(3. also provich moral sup»
porl and counselling for all thosc
who want it.

“Bcllci' liliilniil lliziii liitciil" dcs-
ci'ihi-s l’i-i'i'y’s approach Ill homo»
scxunlily. Spi'iikiiig III Page lliill
liISI 'l'hiii'sdiiy, I'l'l'l‘y prciil‘hcd ii
I'uiiiliiiiii-iiliilisl~slyli- scrmoii oii
llic goiiilncss ol' hoiiiosi-xuuliiy.
llc ciirricil lhc iilidiciicc, liirgcly
guy, along Wllll him, llii'ough his
sioi'y iil' llllW lll' ("now I“ rciili'/.c

 

 

Includes:

*llit'ukl'iisl l)llll_\’

*Ski pro in iissisl you
*All giiiluilics iiiid liixcx

 

"Diliiiw Ioi lxl scvcn Lliiyx

SKI TRIP TO AUSTRIA

January I < January 16
only $285.00

*l'liglil llUlll NY in Munich in NY
*lliis. MlllllL'll/lliltl (iiixlcni/Muiiicli
*llolcl ldiiiiblc iiioiiisl-xiiiglcxoii lL‘lIllt‘Sl

*l’icc ciiliiiiicc lo (iiiiiibliiig (‘iisiiio

‘I-icc ciiliiiiicc lo llol Spiiiigs

Sponsoer by Albririy‘b'iutc Ski Club
For more inforiiuilion, contact:
Robcil lliirxlciii
DB 107.2
Iridiiiii Qlllltl
457-504 7

 

 

The usual wny....

lhni he was gay (after being
married and having two children)
[U [be present activities of thc
homophilc movements in Cali-
fornia. Allhough Perry said that
hc would prcl’cr to stick it out in
[be straight world, he spoke en—
thusiastically about the group of
homosexuals who plan to take
ovr-r Alpine County, ii sparsely
settled lll'l.’il in Cnlil'orniii. He said
that they would need only about
200 people to move in because
another oppressed minoritykthc
Indians, would vote with them.
At Perry‘s speech, the lack of
outside concern was again evident.
He spoke primarily to the liomo—
St‘XLllII community, but the audi-
torium was hardly full, Before the
speech, there was ii lot more
looking around than usual,
especially by those who arrivcd
curly. Bul oiicc Perry begun to
spciik, the number of people there
didn't matter, because he was
talking about something worth

THE"‘OPPRE$SED

PAGE 9

The only way?

...harris
listening to: about the homo-
sexual as a person, not as an
outsider or an inferior. For those
that heard him, Perry was a great
success.

This is one story the media have
covered — locally — and nation-
ally for Perry‘s earlier activities.
The local TV stations and the
papers showed up to interview
Perry at his afternoon press con-
ference. It’s too bad they couldn't
make it to the speech. Or to any
of the GLF meetings.

The homosexual community
needs publicity to gain a sym-
pathetic attitude. GLF is trying to
accomplish this; first, by giving
support to its members; second,
by taking open action, such as
running candidates for office and
by individually stating that they
are homosexuals.

Guy Liberation Front: Thursday
nights at 8:30 in the Unitarian
Church in Albany. For further
in formation, cull 462-61 38.

 

       
    
 

Mon-Fri. 4 pm-7 pm

R©XY
DRY CLEANERS

and

SHIRT LAUNDRY

Located in Quad Lower Lounges

Dutch Colonial,

  

State

 
  
   

Sal. ll am-2 pm

 

 
    
   
   
   

  

Prints and Slacks $.45
chiiicrs $.45
Dresses and Suits $.85

STUDENTS AND FACULTY WELCOME

“We serve sludenls' needs at student prices. "

 

 

 

 

TElE'I'llOll ’71

All those interested
in audltlonlng.
please pick up audition forms at

Campus Center Information Desk

 

 

   

