 

\~

«..,-~-’\ A. A‘\-"-_-er A
w~w, m ,\

¢

 

i
5’.

  

w-Wm gaps. ms.» ad‘s, «2

vm'N‘YH'ﬁf-wr

s...

Communications

 

Voting Rights Refused

To the Editor:

After eight hours in the Chambers of Justice
Conway of the Supreme Court of New York on
November 3, we cast our ballots in this year's
election. Because of our student status, the Albany
Beard of Elections denied us the right to register
and vote, a right supposedly belonging to every U.S.
citizen over 21 .years of age, who is able to read and
write. The Democratic Machine in this city does not
want students as part of its communtiy, but the fact
remains that we do constitute a large and important
part of it. We are all independent of our parents; we
have been residents of the City of Albany for at
least 14 months. The law (written in 1874) states
that a person does not gain or lose residency by his
presence as a student in a “seminary of learning."
Certainly, we do not live in “seminaries of learning"
but in apartments, and we have formed a sufficient
number of ties with the community to be consider-
ed official residents.

Doing anything in its powar to keep us from
voting, the Machine challenged our registrations. An
elections examiner came to each of our homes.
questioned us about our residencies, jobs, schools,
etc. and. in the same breath, told us that our
registrations would be cancelled. By this time, it Wiis
too late to secure absentee ballots from our "home-
towns," with which we have little connection.

We appeared before the Board of Elections on
October 31, for a hearing, to determine the status of
our registrations. After individual hearings, we were
told that letters would be sent out that afternoon
with their decisions. We received these letters of
cancellation on Nov. 2; they were dated Oct. 31 . the
day of the hearings, but postmarked Oct. 30. the
day before. The Board had already made their
decisions against us, the hearings were nothing but
empty mockeries.

With the help of Mr. Thomas Maxwell. Republican
Ward leader, and attorney John Starrs, We were able
to take our cases to the Supreme Court, where we
finally obtained court orders, allowing us to vote.

Only because of the stupidity of the Board of
Elections, we won our cases on a technicality; the
law requires that registrants whOse rights are chal-
lenged be notified in writing of the reason. The
Board neglected to do this.

Students must not be discriminated against in this
way. The law should be updated to allow students
to vote where they live. instead of where their
parents live. The Machine should iiol be allowed to
put students through such farcical proceedings.
merely because we want to exercise our right to
vote.

Gail (Tiintor
Anne Catonnesc
Jenn Dixon
Kathy Etlcr
Ellen Goldman
Theresa Neniclh
Jef Sneidt-r

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

1

//,

 

 

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1970

 

 

FSA Profits

To the Editor:

In recent ASP articles probing the FSA organiza-
tion it is repeatedly stated that FSA profits are
being used for the “maintenance and operation of
the Mohawk and Dippikill campuses," tn the article
under “Bits & Pieces" in the November 3, 1970
ASP, for example, it is stated that $69,000 is being
spent for this purpose.

It perturbs me to think that critics dealing with
such large sums of money are so ill informed. The
Dippikill "campus" is owned, operated, and main-
tained entirely by Student AssiL'iation.

Richard T. Nelson
Acting Chairman
(lump Dippikill Governing Board

Endlessly Waiting

To the Editor,

I‘m sure by now that ii lot of people are sick and
tired and turned-off by getting shoved and maimed
while attempting to get into a concert in the gym.
Who ever has formulated the policies concerning
opening the doors for concerts has not considemd
or been made aware of the dangerous situation that
prevails now, When chcral hundred people wait
patiently outside for over an hour. and are corralled
into the gym through two narrow doors, there is a
natural bottleneck with it great push from those in
the rear of the mob. I cannot condone the students
for pushing, but the main blame is [he situation, and
specifically the policy concerning entering. l have
seen on [lircc occasions a scene of panic and real
fear, Fear of being (hugged to the ground. fear of
being literally squashed. There must be a better
method Let people in the lobby; open more doors;
let people in from both sides of the gym, or let
people in the lobby. Anything is better than the
present situation. I think others areas disgusted as I
am.

Barry Sarna

 

in ltiii‘iiiiiiii Siiiiiinis

illioll'l‘ltlll titiiisniiiii, liii‘iiiiiiiiiiii

/

The End Is Approaching!

To the Editor.

That was a terrifically fascinating, informatch
article that was printed in the ASP about the
pollution of Patroon Creek by the Tobin Packing
Company. It was almost as interesting as Ehrlich‘s
Population Bomb which all freshmen were supposed
to have read. And even that wasn't quite as
interesting as breathing was in New York City this
past summer. Okay, so now everyone hears about
the dangers of overpopulation, food shortage, air,
water and noise pollution. So now what'.’ if you
take a look around SUNY at Albany you‘ll see a lot
of people shaking their heads and muttering, “Yi-ali,
isn't it terrible?” about our lovaly environment
Well. it's been prUVen by informed people that with
each shake of the hciid we're coming closer to our
own destruction. Isn't that terrible?

And. isn‘t it also terrible that eVeryone hears the
facts. agrees with the facts, and knows We haven't
got very much longer to live (5 years, if we're
lucky), but regards the facts as a fantasy, something
that “will never touch me?" Forget it! This isn't
something that will hurt our grandchildren or our
children. We're dying iind I'm scared. And, if you
dared to believe the things that are written under
the heading of non-fiction you'd know that we're
(lying and you'd be petrified also.

Having missed Inst spring's action here because I'm
a freshman, I don't know the effect of futile protest
on the protestor. Sure cvcrybody's discouraged but
we really have no choice. This isn‘t like campaigning
for a politician or helping remote people of differ
cnt hemispheres. I'm not being selfless or humani-
tarian, but really rather practical iind very selfish.
We hiive to stop living like idiots in a dream.
studying for law school or med school or ceramics
school or whatever when everyone knows that a
dead world won't need doctors or lawyers or
pottery. This university, like all others. has to
stop—right now—all twelve thousand or so of
its—and wake everyone up. politicians, big business
and the rest. If we don‘t do something now while
we're in college when we don't have to worry about
supporting ourselves by working for factories that
pollute. then when will we do it? And if we're bored
with this problem then who's going to remedy il‘.’
Everybody had better do something fast because I
don't want to die and. I bet if I took a census.
hardly anyone else would say they want to either

Sinccri-ly
Alice chiiii-

 

A revolutionary convonliiiii

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1970

Editorial Comment

Emphasis Low Key.

University administrations have come increasingly under attack
from both the extreme right and the extreme left. Onone hand,
administrators have been criticized for allowing radicals a forum
from which to preach their views, for not clamping down hard
enouin on campus unrest. for closing down universities in times
of particular discontent. On the other hand, the very position of
administrators has been pictured as repressive and undemocratic,
their role as essentially bourgeoise and capitalistic.

There is no question that universities must be dcniocrzitizcd.
that students have a clear vote in the budgetary. educational and
social decisions which involve the entire campus and its relation to
society. There is no question that if the university is to be
maintained this democratization must cvolvc peacefully, that
everyone in the university work for ilsfmition. It is absurd to
believe tlial by destroying the university as an an entity. one may
create a democratic and humane one in its placc. In this light. it
is too early yet to completely assess the accomplishmmils of the
new administration undcr Doctor Benczct.

It is possible, however, to measure the direction of Dr, Bciiczct‘s
t‘ffllliﬁ, to scc Ibis administration as essentially low kcy \villi tl
ncw L‘llipllilSIS--llCVCI IintllC felt at Albany Sliitcnon stiidcnl and
Inculty iiivolvciniil lll tlic csscnliiil dicismiis affecting biidgclzii)‘
:iiid L‘tIllL‘nlltilluI priorities and llic lining of lop—iiink pcisonucl.

In the wake of last yciii‘s chIsivcncss. Di. Bciic/ct has
L‘IllICL'llIl'ilIL‘tI on bringing the clcniciits ol' the university logcllicr.
llc has attempted to involve all parties in the Day (‘aic project, to
biing ovci iiiiiclccn different environmental groups into dirch
communication with each other. to bring sludciits iiilo the Board
on the Faculty Student Association, to increase student
membership on the scarcli committees for tlic vacant
vicc-prcsidcnis' posts, to work with the liducaiioniil Policics

('ouiicil Ill i‘c-cvalualing llic iiiidcrgriiduatc academic programs.

and. not :ncjdcnwny, to increase communication between
administrators and students by inviling all CtillCL‘rllCLI lo the
bi-wcckly ('ainpus Forums.

On many of these issucs lIlL‘I‘C are questions. It is qiicstioiiablc
\vlictlicr Ilic make—up of Ilic Day (‘iirc(‘oiuniittcc is as democratic
as II should be, wlicthcr Dr. Dene/ct in seeking good relations
WlIIl the many elements on campus has not been guilty of
pzilcnialisin :il Iinics, whether he has sufficiently taken hold of the
priorities of the univusity :ind rc-cvaluaicd tlicni.

chcrlliclcss. Ilic picttiic is csscnliiilly tl good mic, and there is

much iciisoii to liopc that here. at least. is illl administrator who
undcislaiids the fundamental qucstioiix affecting higher education

toil:iy~- qiicslioiis \VIllL‘Il IlIthIVC even the atrium of his own ioh.

'IIicic is iciisoii lo Iiopc llnil Iic is sensitive, as well. lo the
ii-picssivc position IIl|\ .iiid llIIlL‘l iiiiivcrsuics Iiavc pliiycd lll
icl.itioii to |llllltll||_\' ciiltuic. lll pailictilai IIlIItI Woild ('ullurcs.

IIlt'll‘ |\ reason to liopc IIlill l)i Itcnc/cl Will iibl)‘ dcfciid tlic

.iiiloiioniy ol llic campus against lliosc politicians in llic State

It'll|\IilIllll' who dcliglil Ill bliiiniin.I .i|| «it society‘s ills on collcgc

\IlllIL‘llI.\

lln' t'llNlN .ll Albany Sliilc \vill lllltItilllilt'tII) L'tlllllllllC to gioiv.

l’iohlciiis llI tin‘lClthtIlllg. ol iiiidcixlal’lcd .iiid iiiidcifiiiziiiccd
tIt']l.||llllt‘|lI\, ol icsliii‘lcil admissions, ol’ the lack of {III cll’cclivc
\IlltIL‘lll voicc, \VIII cniiliiiuc lo pliigtic Albany Slalc Ill llic coming
Vl'ilH. No one lllzlll couid icvcisi- the ominous liciids so quickly.

Yi-i. II simiin low-key pit-ssiiii- is iiiuiiilamcd. Albany Sltllc might

iiiiIi-cd law the possibility ol .i Iiiunaiiilziiiaii and cdiiczilioiiiil

It'llillhhllllk'L'.

  

 

albany student press

Abortions up to 24 wccks ol' pi'caiiuiicy arc
now Icgal in New York State. 'llici'c :irc no
rcsitlcncy restrictions iii coopcraiiiig Iltispll-lls
and clinics. ()iily tlic consent of iIlL' paticnt
and the performing physu‘iaii is rcquircd.

If you think you arc pregnant. consult your
doctor. Don't delay. liiirly abortions arc
simpler and safer.

If you nccd iiiforiiiiition or professional assist-
ance. including iiiimcdiatc registration into
available hospitals and clinics. tclcplionc:

’liiii illllllt'l‘lllll Illi‘tllt‘lltl‘ltllt tutti, Illt‘.

I60 WEST Halli S'I'Rlzli'l'
NEW YORK. N. Y. l0024

    

  

“‘HEttMAN

WASHINGTON AVE uneasy-4595300
EXCLUSIV E Area Showing!
NOW SHOWING
MON. THURS. tit 7:l5 & 9:I5 pin.
FRI. 7 SAT. at 6 ~ 8~ l0 [LIIL
SUN. 2:30 - 4:30 - 6:30 - 8:30
x
“A maslarplacel
The movle to see In 197th"

—Ru Rud. Holiday

it?

      
       
       
   

 
 

, nimunu m Vim” 1m.- . ens "warm

.-.- JACK NICHOLSON
Fl VI! EH8! I’IEBL'S

KAREN BLACK m SUSAN ANSPACH

      
   

has been called by the Black
Panther Party for all I)l‘(lilll'l's
and sisters in Aiiicrika. All stu
(lcnts, organizations, and up
pressed peoples lighting for .i
new society lll’l' t'iicoiii'agctl lo
participati- in tho planning of -|
new constitution in Wiisliinglon.
DC... November 27. 28, 29.

If you arc interested in tlt'l‘t'l
oping a new, life-oriented socie-
IY. please t‘llII one of them-
numbers 457-40118 or
-I5'I~2287~'on Thursday. Nov

l2 front ll am to it p.m.

——_—————>——-

PREleANCY surjc‘iircii KIT

 

It you tlilnli you may tie Pregnant, cl
inst don't linow. we wlll send you A
Seltthecli Klt which lvus a Yes/No
answer Immediately. i ii Kit is NEW

managing l'lffful‘

. . . . . . . . , . . .ill‘llIyllll abarc
Illlh‘lllt'ss manager

. . . . . . . . . . . . .cliuck ribak
iiiliicrlising manager

. . . . . . . . . . . . .jcff rodgcrs
assistant ad munugcr

. , . . . . . .barbara coopcrman
ft'l'fllll(‘(lf t'dilor

. . , , . . . . , . . , .toiii clingaii
assin'iuti' It‘t'fllllt'uf editors

. . , . . . . . . , . . .siic seligs'on

, . . . . . . . . . . , diiii Williams
production manager

. , . , , . . . . . . gloriii liollister
circulation manager

, . . . . . . . . . . . sue faulkaer

iicill c. shanaliiin
editor-[11141114

l'Xl’l'Ufll’t‘ t’dI/UI‘

. . , . . . . . . . . . carol liiiglics
ni'uis editors

. . . . . . . . . . . . . bob warncr

. , . . . . . . . _ . . . vicki zeldin
urls editor

. . . . . . . . . . . . .liiida waters
sports L’dilor

. . . . . . , . . . . . . . dave fink
fl'tlflll't‘s editor

, . . . . . . . . . . .joliii o‘grady
city editor

. . . . . . . . . . . clinorc bowcs
graphics editor

. . . . . . . . . . . jun guttiniin
photography editor

. . . . . . . . . . aiidy liochberg

212 - 873 - 6650

ll AM. T0 to PM.
SEVEN DAYS A Wl‘ll‘IK

 

accurate and very simple to use.
Piotesslonal. Details sent discreetly
lllli quickly. Wllie or Who:
lomlnlton Selanttllc m:
Ill) WIIIII Auntie
Albertina, it. Y. 11501

ion-um ADRIEN JOVCE

w. -. BOD RAfELSONwADNIEN JOYCE

r bum. 008 RMELSONNRICHARD WECHSLER
[mu-IF mu-BERI SCNNEIDER v Ila-lull BOB IMFELSON

use YOUR STUDENT DISC.CARD *1  -

   
     
       
  

 

   
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The Albany Student Press is located in cave 326 of the Campus Center at
the State University at Nation Rockefeller at Albany. The ASP was founded
back in '16 by the Clan of '18, and II funded by the abominable Tax of ‘70.
Our phones are 4572190 and 2194.

Communlaallonl are limited to 300 words and are subject to edltlng.
Editorial policy ls determined by The Big Man Wllh The Red Hair. Content:
of the ASP are Copyright 1970 by the Albany Student Press.

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

 

53545 THE EEP T
t'tt THAT'S WHA
I 6’” WE or’ 5300 ARE
HERE FOR. HAVE
It (HAIR AND TELL
ME YOUR PROBE

 
    
  
    

 

   
  
 

 

THEY TUST MADE THAT
Up To GET ME—BUT
iT’s Nor TRUE! I‘LL
DENY ii To THE wont!

    

 

   
     
 
 

    

ARISTOTLE,I‘VE HEARDYOUR
sriml’ AND IF You Doa' r MIND,
I‘D thE To GIVE You A FEW
HELPFUL HINTS A5 TO
YOUR PROBLEM. '

   

   
 
  
 
 
 
 
 

   
 

 
 
 
 

     

 

A l
FREAKY EXTERIo
P5Y(HOPATH/

    
  
   

    

 

 

Communications

 

Blocked Fire Exits

To the Editor,

Many students have been annoyed this year by the
alterations Food Service has made to the cafeteria.
(The blocking of all entrances and exits except one.)
This has been done, obviously. to keep non-contract
students from taking advantage of Food Service.
Until now it has been considered as just a bother by
most students. But after reading of a fire catas-
trophe in a French dance hall that killed 1-12. I
thing the conditions here are (Iangcrousﬁnot just a
bother. Both the French hall and our own cafeterias
share the common feature of one exit ONLY. tlial.
one through a turnstilc. Blocked firc exits to the
outside was the cause of the deaths in France, and it
could happen licrc. Although our cxils are not
naili-d shut, the chairslhat arc placed in tlic openers
will cause a REAL problem it' those doors lll‘t' rushed
by hundreds of people. The doors are designed ilri
the doors, and should be left. alone and operable.
'I‘ampcring with fire doors in this manncr Is against
the law in many places such as New York (fily. and
rightly so.

The passages to thc cafeterias tn the U lounges are
now not. only caged and lalchcd, but are padlocki-tl
as well, making lhcm absolutely useless in case of an
emergency.

Wc should not allow organizations such as our
“Food Service“ to have so much intcrcst in profit as
to allow them to endanger the students in their
efforts. Hurt-ly, lcavtng the fire cxils open won't cost
them “ALL THAT MU(‘II!“

Itobcrt Arnish
Harry Wcincr

Cadbury Questionnaire

To the Editor.

Stephanie DiKovic's article in the October 13 ASP
on the rcprich of Prof. Cadbury from the damna-
tion of an earlier University decision not to grant
him tenure mentions us as the two persons who
“designed a questionnaire iind contacted former
students of Cadbury to determine their evaluation
of his teaching ability." Would like it to be noted:
(1) that the questionnaire operation was only part
of a much more extensive set of actions to gain a
reappraisal of Prof. Cadbury's value as a teacher iit
this Univaraity iind to assure that the reappraisal
would be as adequate as possible, (2) that in the
task of developing the questionnaire and getting it
mailed to about 1200 of Prof. Cudbury's past iind
present students, a number of other students and
faculty were involved (the job was undertaken by ll
7-person committee appointed by the Department
of Philosophy for the purpose iind others volun-
teered asslstance). and (ii) Susan Dunn also deserves

specific mention as the third member of the
triumverate which assumed the nuijor work respon-
sibility in getting the questionnaire operation com-
pleted in time.
William Grimes
Susan Lundberg

Serious Enough

To the Editor:

I read the full piigc feature story on “PETE
JONES" and the story of his soul-food kitchen.
“OUR PLACE“ (ASP, Friday, Oct. 30). with
interest and appreciation.

The program Pclc Jones is running is supported by
privalc donations and lots of his own money. He is
trying to solve a problem in Albany's thtlo--fecd-
ing a hot meal a day to (lVl‘l' (it) childrcii--ii problem
too many pcoplt- don't realize exists here in Albany.

WSUA ltaidio, under the direction of assistant
Program Director Michael Sakcllarides, undertook
thc task of running a campaign to inform our
listeners ol' the problem and to show what is being
done about it. Pctc Jones and WSUA thank the ASP
for bringing this program to the attention of the
entire University Community and hope that con-
cerned individuals give whateVer they can, in
money, food. clothing iind time, so that this
program can survive and grow.

WSUA will bring other such worthy-but often
unnoticed or ignored-programs to the attention of
people at. this school who really want change and
who are serious enough to do something about it.

Peace Be With You,
Joel Lustig
Program Director, WSUA

Gourmet’s Delight

To the Editor, (and all meal plan students).

On the evening of Nov. 3, 1970 while eating
dinner in the Dutch Quad Dining Hall, I became a
connoisseur of ‘.‘collard greens." I gained this
dubious distinction when l was able to separate a
whitish worm (larva?) of approximately 1% inch
length and V4 inch diameter from the actual vege-
table mutter present. I do have to admit that he
looked wull cooked (compliments to the chef)
although I didn't taste him to make sure. To all
those aspirlng gourmets on this campus I say keep
looking and one day soon you too will make a great
discovery.

Sincerely,
Dennis Wilson

     

  

