«up.» ‘9.

3.0.4» 4

PAGE 4

' ALBANY S'I‘UDENT PRESS

New Program Offers Credit

For Volunteer Service Work

by Keith Morrison

This fall semester at
Albany State marks the start
of an ambitious new commun-
ity service for credit program
whose impact on the scope of
university education and the
tenor of university-community
relationships, could prove to
be tremendous.

Under the new program stu-
dents will receive from one to
four credits per semester for
volunteer work inthe community
and up to fifteen credits a
semester for a community ser-
vice project_ . Dr. Melvin I.
Urofsky, head administrator of
the program feels that this
could become a significant
part of education at SUNYA,
"It may be that in the future
every student will eventually earn
some credits through volunteer
community work during his or her
four year stay at the university."

He also seesa time when there
will exist a program totally con-
trolled by students with faculty
helping only to decide what credit
will be given for what work. In
addition to these influences on
university life Dr. Urofsky sees
the possibility of a definite im-
provement in university
community relationships which
have become strained in reccnl
years. Urofsky does acknowledge,
though, that the effect on the
community will depend a great
deal on how the program is run.

Although the concept behind
the community service credit pro-
gram has been discussed within
the university community for
several years it was not until last
spring that the faculty voted to
accept the idea of community
work as a “valid learning exper-
ience" for which one could re-
ceive academic credit. Very early
this semester the faculty finally
made the decision to start a com-
munity service credit program.

The Office of Innovative and
Developmental Education which
is now administering E.0,P, was
given the job of handling the new
project, and Assistant Dean
Urofsky was appointed to head
this new program. Urofsky began
to formulate the program by con-
tacting the Volunteer Bureau of
Albany which possesses a list of
all community service organi-
zations, their manpower require-
ments and provides a central or-
ganization through which students
have been able to find work.
Urofsky emphasizes that without
the helpof the Volunteer Bureau
the program would have been
impossible.

On Wednesday, September 9' an
informational meeting was held.
Present were representatives of
the Volunteer Bureau, Legal Aid
Society, SENCAP and other or‘
ganizations as well as over 300
students. At this meeting it was
made perfectly clear that no stu—
dent would be kept in the pro»
gram who showed an unwilling-
ness to work, and it was stated
that there were provisions for
dropping those members who did
not meet the requirements. In the
case of service projects a careful
check would be kept of the indi-
vidual doing them. It is up to the
individuals to make arrangements
with the university and the organi-
zations they work with to ascer-
tain what was to be expected
from them in terms of papergilntl
other proof of project comple-
tion.

Students who wished to enroll
in the program had to first con-
tact the agency they wished to
work for or the Volunteer Bureau
and secure a note stating what
Work they would be doing and
how many hours a week they
would be working. They were
then given a course card and had
to follow the normal drop/add
procedure. As a rule, credits are
given on the basis of five hours a

week equal to three credits, but
this varies. As of now, about 300
students have signed up for volun-
teer work, and a half dozen for
project work. Volunteer work
consists of such things as tutoring,
technical assistance in hospitals,
and research for legal aid.

Urofsky explained that only
those who were qualified through
some sort of previous experience,
and had a clear idea in mind of
what they wanted to do were
allowed to undertake projects.
Projects range from one girl‘s pro-
gram to catch potential dropouts
to another boy‘s program for a
community fair on Albany's
South Side.

    

TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1970

/_____.__——————v

...polskowsk,’

Refer Board Offers Help
To People With Problems

by Kathy Eckerle

Before renouncing today’s im-
personal and uncaring society,
try dialing Refer Switchboard
(434-1202). Refer Switchboard‘s
warm, rcceptiva atmosphere of
concern for any problem you
might have may surprise you,
but their sincerity is quite re'
As a “crisis intervention cen-
ter" for the tri-city area, runv
aways, bad trips, crashers and
people with pregnancy, legal, or
emotional difficulties can find
immediate attention and help.
If necessary, Refer will do
what its namtl implies which is
to refer you to a rcliable or<
ganizntion specializing in that
problem area. But areas inade-
quately treated in the come
munity, such as run‘aways and
bad trips, will find ,stancc
through the Refer staff.

Refer is staffed by volunteers,
many of whom are students
and sympathetic to todays
conflicts. Dick Gallo, president

  

F

 

for how high you want to tlllill)

 

We're asking you to start on executive row. i

You can start in the mailroom,
or you can start on

executive row.

 

Most people say you have to start at the bottom no mat
thill |l‘.lAll‘. Aiiiiomi
I“ l.

n...A ppm 5. .l 7)

Is that really so? lt.iiulii‘jili/\ii liiiii'llJ it It. .- on LN
Maybe it's a story they tell just to gel people to shirt I"- I I winn- vvwv um w .it. n
at the bottom
The United States. Air Force lets. you start (,lnrihmg N"”" “W
as soon as you get out of Officer Training School If you ruin-w-
have a college degree you become highly responsible, :
last, as an Air Force pilot I ["""“"""" “‘"" """”'
You become a space age leader on the Acrospocr- ! lithium--
Team.
lots at people start at the bottom, ( ‘l' “'"l" "I’

I iiriilciulnini ltiuii- l‘x iio lillllﬂillltlll

i UNITED STATES AIR FORCE

 

 

of the Board of Directors, is, a
student at SUNY. Volunteer
social workers, ministers and
other various professionals are
designated Directors on Duty
to work closely with student
operators on a 24 hour basis.
Dave Webster, Executive Dir-
ector since Refer began opera-
tion last March, stressed that
Refer does not “moralizc about
given situations; rather, it fo-
cuses on lllt' problem in order
to adequately deal with it.‘

Their new house at 332 Ilud‘
son Avenue, which is more spa-
cious than before, will enable
them to enlarge their facilities
to better serve the community.

“Refer is a warm and open

house. From the volume of
calls and people who have
come to use, we know it is
working. Refer is pt‘upll'

helping people. young people
helping young people in arr-as
where before help was not casi~
ty accessible."

Professor Advocates

Independent Study

by Vicki Gottlich

In this important election
year in New York, ten political
science students are aiding in
election campaigns as their in-
dependent sutdics projects. Yet,
according to the sponsor of the
project, Professor BernarJolinpoll,
even more important than the
project itself is the amount of
politics employed in the entire
independent studies program.

The object of the political
scicncy project is to study first
hand the entire campaign process.
By so doing, they will be able to
apply their previous knowledge of
political scicncc to the actual poli-
tical situation. In order the grant-
cd his three credits for the course,
each will luivu) prepare a paper or
a dissertation explaining what he
has learned. .lohnpoll‘s only regret
is that the course, organised last
May, could not have included
working with the actual nominat-
ing process.

.lohnpoll, assislaiit professor in
political science, regards the iri-
rlcpcndi-nt study program as one

of the bust methods of in-

 

TOWER EAST CINEMA

struction. The only problem, In-
feels, is in getting professors who
are willing to undertake all thc
work involved. An advocate of
more direct relations betwucn
faculty and students, Johnpoll bc-
IiCVL-s that this university “is mrik
ing a terrible mistake in not think-
ing of a tutorial system' of educa-
tion similar to that of Britain.
Johnpoll believes that the work
load of each professor should in-
clude monthly sessions with his
students in which they crin get to
know each other and the prolr
toms of their fields. According to
him, “each subject is peripheral to
the professor," and the students
are losing out by being taught by
traduritc ' . 'stants.

The basic purpose of the ini-
tiation of independent study in
political scicnct‘ is to aid the
student participants in their uri-
rlcrstnnding of the American po-
litical systcm. As they further
thcir knowledge they will also
hopefully heighten the awareness
of the community as Well as hpr
llll' candidates for whom they ill‘l'
working.

  

0—0—
in L.C7

BDNNIE
NI)
CLYle

Friday, Salurdny

Sept. 25. 20

7:30 and l0:fJ0 p.in.

 

 

TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1970

Comment

Editorial

 

Stringer vs Gould

Mandatory tax has had an unsteady history. Only a small
minority of students has ever approved of it. Continually, the
debate has raged over its fairness and acceptability, and with each
round of the debate organizations funded by Student Association
have risen hastily to its defense. Now, the implications of that tax
directly threaten the freedom and existence of those same
organizations and clubs.

The decision rendered by Judge Korcman, defining the monies
collected throuin mandatory fee as state funds, serioust cn-
dangcrs the autonomy of student government. By bringing
Student Association under the supervision of the board of
Trustees and within the directives of the Shite Education Law, it
threatens to involve that government in an unworkable bureau-
cracy of state audit and control. The procedures of the state,
which not even the university administration must follow in full,
would render student government ineffective the moment they
were enforced.

Indications are that within a week an appeal will be filed in the
Appclatc Court. Indications arc, too. that Chancellor Boyer and
President Bone/ct are CU-OpCfﬂllllg with Student Association to
free those funds pending the appeal. Judge Korcman‘s decision,
howcvor, makes it clear that whatever the short term arrange-
ments made and whatever the outcome of the appeal, no student
government of a state university, which is Slipporlcd by man-
datory lax, can take its independence too lightly.

(‘lcarly state coercion, often a means of state protection, is a
means of destruction as \chI. The pcnallics used to support
mandatory lax, such as the withholding of grades and refusal of
diplomas, have become in fact the crutch of student government.
They constitute an unacceptable dcpcndcncy on the state and to
that extent weaken the freedom of students to organize them-
selves. Whalcvcr' the outcome of Stringer vs. (iould, the fact
remains that student governmcnl by depending on slulc co-opci-
ation lluS sliorl-cliringcd its own freedom and its own strength.

II is impcralivc lhci‘cforc, that all parlics involved ic-cominit
themselves to the basic right of student freedom. l)r. Boyer and
Dr. Beau/ct must publicly state in the Board of Trustees their
opposition to any inlcrfcrcnce with Sludcnl Association. (‘cntral
(‘ouncrL most importantly, must begin an immediate investigation
into the means of freeing Strident Association from the crutch of
mandatory tax and the cvcr-picscnl ihrcat of SlillL' coercion. It is
lhc first responsibility of those Ill slurlcnl government to lake the
means to protect the freedom of lhal government. To insure that
freedom. mandaton lax must go.

Responsibility

University education sli‘ugglcs uphill in the hope lhal it does
iiol climb a volcano. Il sliugglcs daily against a deepening
financial crisis, social polari/ation, a Widening acceptance of
violent confrontation. 'l‘hc icalily of academia has changed. lfiil'
lhc universin sliidcnl, the choice of major is no longer lhc
decision fol the ivory tower.

()n this campus the crisis grown sicadily iiioic .ILIIIL'. It cxlcnds
itself lo the first principle of student oigzini/nlioii thc l’iccdoni
to organize and In control. YL'I, llt'klt‘lltlbIISUIIIIUUlllCI,C(lll1llly
significanl at'l'ziiis.

ll involves physical expansion and priority ol expenditures. It
involves credibility of adiniiiislialois, as the day-care controversy
makes clear. It involves basic diVisiuns ovci wlial education should
consrst of and how II should be handled. It involves opening the
doors of lllt‘ university to lhc disadvanlagcd It involves Ihc
giading system. It mvolvcs icspccl and cipiiility for ininoiily
cultures and lailhs.

In such an t'.\|t'l|.\|Vt' crisis, lhcic I.\II1I simpli- .iiis\vci.thongh
oflcii lhnsc most IIlViith'tl pcilnim as if thcrc wcic. Not L‘Vt‘ll
powci icsolvcs ciiscs ol human \cll mastcii and human dignity,
loi ll‘nvcs Ill ll\ \\l.ll\L| .I tlllli‘lL'lll IIIIIIHIII) and a dill'cicnl
ipicsiion Ycl, whcic powm lit‘t'iilllt‘N ccnliali/cil ll Ix mosl casily
cuiscd lhi- growth lll liiiic.iiit'i.n'\ p.ii.illcls. Ill It't'l'lll _\'L‘ill\, llic
growth nl Uillllllllldlllill .ind i'inli-ucc It in.iil~.\ lhc glowlh nl
Llcl;i\ .ind llll.\ll.|l|illi

l.ilcnl ltll\ll.ll|ii||.\ cincigc in Illlllllllltlt‘ .Illtl Ilu- conunuiiily Is
straincd. In the midst ol such crisis, Ilic iighl ol Ihc journal to
freely .rddicss thc IL‘IIsIUII should be among lhc lust gllllltllilt't'\
Yet, Hi [\lhany Stinlcul l’icss it'snincs lllllllltdllilll :it a tune \thn
in publiin |\ llilt‘.il\‘l|t'tl and L't'||\|ll\lll]i cstahlishcd

its Vi‘|\ right
we IL'IL'L‘I the mount by Ilic lllhllll ill liuslccs, or

('gilcgiiiicallv,
.inv ilclcgalc Ihcicol,

Wc It‘lt't‘l control hccailsc \vc h.ch a icsponsiliihiy lo piovulc all
sidcs wrlh lair licaimg. Wc lt'lL‘L'l control knowrng lhal lhc cxlciil
ol Ihc crisis requires a great deal ol a lllCtllil, far beyond what we
have shown in the past. We rejch conliol, promising instead a new
cflorl In lllt'L‘l tlial crisis, to sech as a responsible journal.

zALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Security Procedures Probed

Continued from page I

Interestingly enough, local
SUNY security forces have, in the
past, disputed with the Bureau of
the Budget over the low priority
assigned to security budgetary in-
creases. But soon after last
spring‘s campus disturbances, the
legislature appropriated $800,000
to increase security forces on 18
of the 26 SUNY campuses.

Difficulty in the office of the
co-ordinator for State University
Security has stalled Albany State's
share of the money. The dispute
involves the civil service depart-
ment and centers over qualifica-

tions and pay for security per-
sonnel.

An impromptu visit to security
yielded the following inform-
ation:

There appear to be no intelli-
gence files on student activists.
The only file security has consists
of a series of index cards. These
contain mostly statistical informa-
tion involving cases under current
investigation.

There is a special drug file
listing the names of those arrested
or known to be implicated in
drug-related cases.

A spot check this reporter
made comparing the names of
some of the recognized student
activists with names on the list,
yielded no listing for student acti-
vists. Neither wcrc the president
or vice-president of Student As-
sociation listed.

James Uonnally, campus securi-
ty, clearly indicated his opposi-
tion to keeping intelligencv files
on student activists if for no other
reason than because security has
no use for such files. Connally
does not sec security's needs being
scrvr-d by keeping reports on sus
pr-clcd student “radicals.”

Further information received
from sources in the student gov-
ernment indicalcs that Mr. (3on-
nally is resisting subtle administra-
tch pressure to begin keeping
such files.

No weapons stockpile exists in
the security building. All campus
policemen are unarmed in keeping
with state policy. In the event of a
disturbance, the only weapons
available are riot bataan sticks.

Security also has two 8 mil-
limeter movie cameras which can
br- used to help gather evidence
for identification purposes in
crises where crimes have been
committed. One has a 5:1 room
lens, the other a l2:1 zoom lens.

In addition, there is a Polaroid
camera that is used in situations
similar to last spring’s firebomb-

ings where a picture of the crime
scene is necessary. There are some
still pictures wliicl contain scones
“1‘ property and property damage.
Also, a few reels of choice film“;
are kept because of their rcle-
vuncy in crimcs where the statute
of limitations has not cxpircd.

With advanced i-ipiipnicnl of

llll‘ sort and with the lmshllllllly

of expanded fill-s, administrators

and studi-nt. ll‘tltll'l’S alike are I‘lllh‘
ing the question of who can con-

 

trol the use of such equipment
and such files. Thus far, no guid-
elines have been set.

Central Council passed a reso-
lution calling for the establish-
ment of a civilian review board of
students, faculty, and administra-
tors. .

Connally has already indicated
his willingless to be bound by the
decisions of such a board— if such
decisions do not conflict with his
administrative superiors. Thus, the
effectiveness of the board will be
directly related to the amount of
power President Benezct gives it.

One problem Connolly faces
concerns the collection of thou-
sands of dollars in unpaid faculty
parking fines. Under university
policy if students do not pay
parking tickets, they will not re-
ceive diplomas or transcripts. In
effect, they are forced to pay.

The same does not hold true
for faculty members, however. If
they refuse to pay fines, security
has no recourse.

The result, Connally indicated,
is that there are “thousands of
dollars in unpaid faculty tickets."
One faculty member alone has
thirty—five tickets outstanding.

Student Arrests

The filial area in which security
has come under fire is the area of
student arrests prosecuted in cri-
minal court, Examples are the
cases of Vernon Bowen and Jack
Schwartz.

It generally goes unnoticed that
the guidelines security follows in
pursuing such cases are not set by
Connally or investigator John
Henighan. Instead, they ar'r? laid
down by higher administrators“
Dr. Milton Olsen or the president
of the University.

PAGE 5

In the case of Vernon Bowen,
an Albany State student and the
Black Panther charged with cri-

' minal mischief and harassment,

the order sent to security through
administrative channels was to
"pursue vigorously.” In effect,
they meant his case was assigned a
top priority rating which would
probably (and in this case did)
lead to prosecution in Criminal
court.

Such action raises the question
of intimidation of recognized stu-
dent activist leaders by the ad-
ministration. Activist students
question whether Bowen is being
prosecuted to such an extent be-
cause of his affiliation or his
political beliefs. The administra-
tion claims it was unaware of this
when the priority on Bowan was
sent down.

Civilian Review Board

Out of such controversy came

-the call by Student Association

President Dave Neufeld, his cab-
inet, and Central Council for the
necessity of having a review board
to oversee security operations.
Such a board would be composed
of Students, faculty and adminis-
tration.

Ultimately, the effectiveness of
such a board would depend on the
reaction of President Benezet. Will
the board have the power to set
priorities for security? Can it de-
cide the worth of photographic
evidence used in investigations?
Can it dispense the funds security
will receive within the next few
months? Will it offset growing
mistrust existing between the se-
curity force and student leaders?

NOTE: The next installment of
this scrics will appear in the Tucs-
day, September 28 edition,

 

managing editor
news editor . .
assocnitc news cditors .

:n'ts editor
sports editor
features cdilors

technical cdiloi
business manager
advertising manager
production manager
circulation manach
photography cilitoi

‘xllllllKl
woirh. and are subtext to editing.

l'IlllUl in t lnr-l

alliany student press stall

The Albany Student Press is published twice weekly and is currently
funded by student contributions. The ASP editorial office is located in
Campus Center room 326. Our phones are 457-2190 and 2194.

cditonin-chief
neill c. shanalian

.aralynn abate
carol hughes
.bob warner

vicki zeldin
linda waters
.drive fink
.albert senia

j. Stephen flavin
.tom clingan
.chuck ribak
.jef f rodgers
gloria hollister
sue faulkner
andy hoehberg

All rmirrriinumiiinir. should he addressed to the editor in cliiul and must be
Nana's .iic wuhnlil upon request. Letters are limited to 300
lhn ASP is not responsible for opinions
Hammond Ill ll‘i mliiiriiis and editorial policy is determined by tho

 

 

 

 

Si'litl .l lllll>' till lllc .islt Iliilllt‘ It) llllilll
just fill out tllc form bclow and send it to Suc Faulkner,

.is shiiplr' .is writing .i thch
Avenue, Albany, New York 12203.

Albany Student l’icss, (1320, Hill) Washington

attitude saw to. . . .

the albany student press

and dad. an old friend, your dog, wliocvcr. It's

name of subscriber . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
address . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . _ . . . . . .. I“,

cityand state . . . . . . . . . .
Thu asp is mailed twice a week, total 20 times,

Rates are $4.00 per semester,
$7.00 per year.
lt‘CI/IL: $34!!) [or Fall 1970

semester only with tax r'nrrl.

per semester and I: sent via first class mail.

 

 

var.

“i‘tﬁz’ti‘Nr ,

