. “M AW .—...~»-«~.»~4\-\A

...\ MNM/Vm

 

:-

 

.-..._...

s
t

 

 

 

Comment

Editorial

 

Which Why Security?

Security at Albany State now stands at a crucial stage. Once a
network of ' peace officers" whose duties included not simply the
enforcement of campus regulations but such community services
as ambulance duty, security is developing into a prefessional,
hard-line police force. New monies are ﬂowing in, earmarked for
the expansion and beef-up of security personnel. New guidelines
are being issued from SUNY Central Administration establishing a
fulltime Directorship and calling for the enforcement of ‘ Federal,
State and local laws as well as the rules and regulations of the
campus.“

In his illuminating report, Prefessor Brown of the School of
Criminal Justice points out the dangers of these developments.
The nature of the shift, argues Brown, is such to mold security
into a similar cast as the Albany Police Dept. or the State Police.
lt ﬂavors campus security with a professional police image,
subject to hard-line, anti-student mentality, and a big-arrest,
benevolent society value system and deprives it, in the long run,
of the innate respect for the realities of social tension and the
need for diplomacy. It removes the policeman from the effective
control of the President of the University, replacing instead the
functional line command. It poses serious questions which the
University, perhaps, should not even be asking itself: Should the
campus require for instance, a narcotics enforcement tiriit, radar
systems, helicopters, etc.

As Brown points out, ‘a competent and aggressive security
investigative force will almost inevitable become engaged in
questionable tactics unless this important matter of direction is
rapidly and strongly dealt with.‘

Towards this end, one of the wisest moves made by President
Benezet was to insist that students be appointed to the Search
Board established to screen candidates for the new Directorship.
Nevertheless, reports unforturmtcly indicate that precisely the
wrong kind of candidate is being sought. As already happened at
Buffalo, the candidate emerging is a militaristic professional
inclined not toward serving the students but to policing and
controlling them, conscious not of maintaining civil liberties but
of curtailing them, aimed at checking not the crime rate brrt
political activism. Moreover, one of those most outspoken for civil
rights and most familiar with the needs of the students, Mr. James
Connally, presently chief of sccririty, is not even considered as a
candidate for the Directorship and, likely, will be phased out of
his post as second in command. Similarly qualified candidates are
disallowed for" such trivial and partisan reasons as height and
physical stature.

At no time, therefore, is the need so great for the establishment
of a review board composed of faculty and students. Security
ultimately will fail, will become in itself a source of added
friction, if it grows unresponsive to those it is designed to protect.
The new style of organization and professionalization require the
effective check of a review board responsible for regulating
investigative practices, receiving and looking into complaints,
encouraging new experiments and new concepts in the operations
of security. The same reasoning that led Dr. Bcnczct to place
students on the Search Board should lead him to promptly set up
a Student-Faculty Review Board.

Professionalizatiou is needed. Added Security personnel is a
necessity. Crime must be brought under control. Nevertheless,
when the "peace-officer‘ becomes a Hard-litre policeman and
when professionalization takes on the air of suppression, the
possibilities of community at tlns university will have suffered a
severe blow.

Dr. Bcnezet, we feel. should give his unqualified endorsement to
the idea of a community-wide board to oversee security opera-
tions. but more importantly, he should guarantee that once
established, the board plays an important and meaningful role in
determining security‘s future priorities. It should run he allowed
to become a token administrative gesture.

0ii‘tttt**¥¥$ii*itt##*ﬁ#*

The past three issues of the Albany Student Press have been
published under the auspices of the Legal Aid and Coutinuancy
Fund of the United States Student Press Association. USSI’A can
support no further issues. We call on the Executive Committee of
the Board of Trustees, therefore, to take immediate action toward
the releasing of Student Association funds.

lnaction by the Executive Committee directly threatens the first
amendment right of students to organize themselves. liractioil
threatens, as well, the continued operation of free student media.
lnaction threatens to bring to a full-stop all activities of student
Association in the exercise of these rights.

The Albany Student Press has notified the Board of Trustees that
it is prepared to file separate suit against their continued frustration
of ﬁrst amendment rights, to raise in federal court the constitution-
al question of the suspension of student media.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS
EBBIE THE E E?

 

F1 .9" — crew
a BEARD 

  

   

 

HES THE ONLY ONE
wuo DOESN’T
MIND IF ms MEAL
tARD PICTURE
CAME our GREEN!

 

 

communi

cations

 

Chauvim'sm?

To the Editor:

After having read the last two
issues of the ASP we feel that
there is some confusion as to the
nature of the Women's Liberation
Front‘s struggle to establish a day
care center on campus.

In your article about our ‘ crib-
in" at President Benezet's office,
you failed to exhibit any under-
standing of why we were there.
The last few paragraphs of the
article told of a low-cost fee day
care center for 45 children of
SUNYA students, who would be
screened through the Financial
Aids Office. There was no men-
tion that it was because of that
that we were there,

Likewise, in an editorial (A Re-
dress of Grievance) you make it
sound as though our only frustra-
tion is that we have to wait until
Dccumber 1.

Let's talk about the content of
day care as the administration sees
it and as we see it.

The administration is concerned
with tokenism. President Benczet
made a public committment to
day care—so he has to come up
with something. His something is
totally inadequate.

A center for Alf) children* and
only children of studentswnot cm
ployees or ftculty'is totally in-
adequate. A preliminary study of
600 questionnaires showed a need
on the part of 283 children. But
the administration has arbitrarily
chose a figure of rib and refuses to
move from it.

At first we were told that the
reason we could only have 45 was
that. Pierce Ilall could only hold
that many. Then we went down
there with a representative from
the Dept. of Social Service (they
licensi- day care centers) and
found out that Pierce “all could
legally hold l2t) children. So then
they had to justify it with money
problems.

After We cut our estimated
budget for 100 children froth
$200,000 to “47,000, President
Bt‘llO‘LUI asked the Budget people

for $60,000 a little less than
half just about right for if) kids.

r

And in a recent letter from the
Budget Bureau to President Bene-
zet there is mention that there is
no committment for next year
and the university should con-
tinue to look for day care facili-
ties of/ campus.

Our frustration is not only de-
lay—it is an obvious attempt on
the part of the administration to
ignore the day care needs of the
university community and instead
to establish a token day care
facility.

In your editorial you said we
should understand the politics of
the situationwlegislators wouldn‘t
like it if the center was to be
“ 'sociated with radical activi-
ties."

Well, to the male editor of the
ASP, to the overwhelmingly male
state legislature, to the over-
whelmingly male university ad-
ministration, and to any forces
of male chauvinism, we say that
women coming out of their homes
and taking control of their own
lives, and devuloping their own
being and fighting for their own
freedom and dignity has always
been considered a “radical activi-
ty"—1rnd we understand that your
masculine egos are involved. But
our lives are involved.

Women‘s Liberation Front

re-Hash

To the Editor,

The Sports I‘Iash of the Albany
Student press of September 29,
1970 raises some questions about
the priorities of Student Associa-
tion when if formulates its bud-
get.

 

Before we begin to answer these
questions of priority, we should
like to clarify several points of
fact that were raised in the last
Sports Hash. The author asserts
that AMIA serves 3,300 men. Brit
this figure, budget committee was
informed, is somewhat inflated
because a person who participates
in AMIA in 3 different seasons is
counted as three people. AMIA
asked for $3,600 last year, not the
$4,270 reported in the column.
AMIA was given $2,500, with a
$500 income line.

Now that the factual matters are
straight, consider the matter of
priorities. The column asserts that
only ASP, WSUA rind Concert
Board affect more people. We
would suggest that some other
groups affect us many or nearly as
many students. (Consider Torch,
Music Council, Drama council,
Athletics, Etc.) Additionally,
these groups add a very important
element of diversity to SA pro-
gramming. No one would argue
that students on this campus are a
homogenous groupﬁtherefore we
must present many types of pro-
gramming, Given that fact, and
that only about ten groups affect
more people and get more money
than AMIA, we fail to see the
problem in our priorities AMI/Vs
basic cost is officials; AMIA re~
quested $2,390 for officials;
AMIA's total budget is $2,500
which will allow AMIA to pay its
officials and effectively function
for the coming year.

Yours truly,
David Neufeld, President SA
Michael Lampert, V.Pres. SA

 

the albany student press

managing editor . . . . . . . . . . . .

  
  
 
 

news editor
associatenews editors . , . . .

arts uditor . . . . . . . . .
Sports editor . . . . . .
technical editor
production manager .
business manager
advertising manager
features editor . . . .
photography edltor

.aralynri abarc
. carol huqlros
.Dob warrior
.vlckt zotdln
linda waters
. .davn link
tom clirrgari
utorta holtlstcr
. chuckribak
. .iolt rodqors
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .nisouia
. . . . . . . . . . . . .audy trochhurq

   

editor rn-ciiict
iictll stranahr‘iii
The Albany Student Press is located in room 326 ol the Campus Center
building at the State University of New York at Albany. Tho ASP was founded
by the class of 1916 and Is temporarily funded through the United States
Student Press Associntlon. The ASP phones are 457-2190 and 2194.
Letters to the editor are limited to 300 words and are subinct to editing.
Editorial policy is determined by the uditor-In-chiuf.

 

card).

 

Hey Georgi

Address

flat/"i you lite to ridicule to
the albany student press?

Now you too can get the ASP delivered to
your homel Just fill out our handy form at
right, and send it to Sue Faulkner, Campus
Center 326, 1400 Washington Avenue, Albany,
N.V. 12203. Oh, yel— don't forget to enclose
$4.001nr the Fall '70 semester ($3.00 with tax

N ame . . . . . . . . . . . .

City/State/zip . . . . . .

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Albany Student Press

State University at New York at Albany

Friday. October 9. I970

Vol. lVIl No. .25

 

S.A. Funds Are Unfrozen

Trustees Delegate Power

by Al Senia

Features Editor

Student Association has re-
sumed normal operations as a
result of the actions taken by the
Executive Committee of the
Board of Trustees at a meeting
held last Tuesday.

The freeze on SA. funds was
lifted as of October 6th, and
money is once again being dis-
pensed to all Student Association
funded groups on campus.

The trustees, who had been giv-
en control of all strident funds as
a result of a decision handed
down by Justice Ilarold Koremaii
of thr- New York State Supreme
(Iourl, made the following (Ic-
CISIUITI

“Resolved that. effective irri-
morliatr-Iy and until the end of the
('ttl'i‘t'nl. academic semester, the
t‘Ilil'f administrative officer of
each slate-operated campus where
the payment of a student activity
ft'L‘ has been required...shall de-
velop and utilize appropriate pro-
cedures by which he...ean review
and certify that the appro-
priations of the representative stu-
dent. organization are of an edu-
cational, cultural, recreational, or
social nature before any funds so
collected are dispersed."

What this means is that the
power to dispense student activity

_funds has been given to the presi-
dent (or his designate) of every

_political,

SUNY campus where a mandatory
tax is collected. Legally, he must
decide whether the funds request-
ed by the student governments of
his campus will be used for a
social, educative, or

 

News Analysis

 

 

 

recreational
proving them.

This presents little problem here
at Albany State where President
Benczet has already approved the
entire Student Association budget
for this year.

However, presidents at other
SUNY schools, where - rUplEI'il'
tion may not be so easily forth-
coming, are extremely concerned
about the decision. It could pave
the way for administrative censor-

purpose before ap-

ship over student government
operations.
A meeting of student body

presidents has been scheduled in
Albany for October 24th to dis—
cuss the problcin. “There should
be about seventy people ready for
blood," Albany State's S.A. presi-
dent Dave Neufeld said in com-
menting on the prospects for the
meeting.

Strident. government presidents
have already met once. Last Sun-
day, rcprcscutatiVes from Buffalo,

Search for New VP’S,
Security Head Cited

by Jeffrey P. Bernstein

President BBHC’LL‘t called for
“shrewd screening" so that “illogi-
cal anti improbable candidates"
will not be considered for thLI two
vacant vice-presidential posts. He
announced a policy of “pitiless
exposure" of the candidates by

two yt't unnamed committees.

Benezet hopes to have a final
decision by the second semester.
Official

..

given by Dr. Benezet to the uri-

recognition was then
lreezing“ of Student Association
funds. He announced thrI future
appointment. of an advisor to
work with the Central Council in
helping determine "appropriate"
use of these monies. 'l‘he presi-
rlr-nt's designee will suer only in
an advisory capacity, however.

Dr. Benozet rend United States
Attornoy-Gt'nerul Mitchell's letter
which was addressed to presidents
of select American universities nn-
iiouucing his intention to dispatch
delegations to discuss campus tiri-
rosl and related issues, if invited
to appear. Sporadic outbreaks of
laughter accompanied the reading
of Mr Mrtt'lit-Il's letter to which
in IIt‘Ilt‘Zt‘I replied favorably.
'l‘i-iitativvly, thr- doIr-gatiou will be
lit-rt.- October 2] and will be avail»
able for discussion in the Putroou
Loungi- during the afternoon. Dr.
Bentw‘t added that Martha was

not expected to attend.

director of
campus security was as evident a
problem as the trial of students by
a university

The search for a

judicial committee
(versus a civil court) was. Dr.
Benezct said that the university is
not a refuge, but that the problem
of a judicial committee is that the
pressing of charges for individual
injuries must go to civil courts.
I, . l , . ,

Stony Brook, Oswego, Oneonta,
Broom Tech and the Association
of Two-Year Colleges met and
discussed the available options.

The eoneensus of opinion on the
option that was eventually chosen
was described by Neufeld: “They
don't like it."

No Other Choice
As unpopular as that decision
might have seemed to other

SUNY presidents, Neufcld had lit-
tle choice. His alternatives were
limited to basically three:

Council could drop mandatory
tax and replace it with a voluntary
system. This. was deemed un»
fcasablc since it was estimated
SA. revcntt" would rlrop drastic-
ally if this were done. Probably,
every organiurtion's budget would
have had to be cut back at least
20"4.

The effect at other SUNY cam-
puses would have been even more
crippling,

“We would have gotten about
Hti'l’r of our current revenue,"
Ncufeld said, “but some of the
other presidents estimated that a
voluntary tax would give them
only 20% or 30% of their current.
money."

So it was decided to drop this
alternative for the present.

Secondly, he could have tried
negotiating a deal which would
have kept. the funds for the Free
School, Strike Committee, and
other so-called partisan groups
frozen.

But this course of action was
tantamount to an admission of
defeat since Neufeld feels such
organizations are "educational,
cultural, recreational, or social" in
nature.

“Legally we are held to these
four areas," Ncufeld said, “and I
claim that we have NEVER vio-
lrrtcd them. "

In other words, Ncufeld felt that
freezing their funds would be
self‘dcfenting and “damned un-
principrrled.“

Continued on Page 5

 

Greeks celebrate the coming of Indian summer with typical spirits.

...potsliowski

Fredonia Approves
Campaign Program

The faculty of State University
Fredonia has approved a program
to allow students time off from
school to campaign in the Novem-
ber elections.

Despite the fully-outlined pro-
gram, however, the resolution by
the Board of Trustees appears to
make it certain that no such time
will be allowed.

it was clear that the intention of

the faculty at Fredonia was to
provide ample opportunity for
clectioncuring by students, while
at the same time keeping the

university open and classes in ses-
sinn

  

The onslaught of renewed hot weather brought some classes outdoors once again.

...potrikowstri'

Other schools and school sys-
tems have enacted similar plans
including Princeton and City Uni-
versity of New York.

The Fredonia State faculty reso-
lution read as follows:

“Students (with the exception
of those engaged in activities in
which attendance is required un-
der college regulations) who wish
to leave the campus for the pur-
pose of engaging in full-time poli-
tical campaign activities during
the two-week period (October
18-November I) immediately pre-
ceding the 1970 general election
be permitted to do so under the
following conditions.

i. The student shall have full
responsibility for making up the
work be has missed, including all
exams, classwurk, and assigned
papers; however, there shall be no
penalties for missing examina-
tions, classwork, or the banding in
of assigned papers during that
period.

2. A written statement of intent
to participate and a statement
that arrangements for such partici-
pation have been made with some
candidate, party, or group, shall
be filed with the Student Per-
sonnel Office at least two weeks
before October 18 by each partici-
pating student. However, the stu-
dent shall not be required to
divulge the name of the particular
candidate, party, or groups that
he intends to campaign for." I

The resolution left the choice
completely up to the individual.
No person would be penalized for
leaving the school, while students
not involved in political move-
menta could attend classes.

 

 

 

