 

u... A -. ,- .. ‘_A.._\,A.l- A‘ A "A K J“

r
t
i
t
.

 

 

moi-:8?

EBBIE TiiE EEP
"Miner wié
BRWSE AROUND

A air 2, --

  
       
 

  
 
    

 

  
 

   

WA
St

      
 
 

showings” me. 'rio‘vaii

   
 

   

l ..--
,r\ "i.
 “ lL

Editorial

 

Your Responsibility

What does the ASI’ do loi the ISM") students
here'.’ Generally. it gives them something to read III
the snack hai. cafeteria. or classroom. generally. it
gives tlierii something new arid dilfeicnt to gripe
about t\\ice a week. and generally. ll enex them
more for their student tax dollar than any other
organization on campus.

What do the l3.Ht)tl students do for the \Sl’”
Generally. iiolliiiig. 'l'hey complain that the head-
lines and news stories are not obiective. they
complain that the stories coitlaili a morass of
spelling and other technical errors. they complain
that the ASP doesn't come out at noon for the
lunch rush; they complain ilrat many of the s'loiics
are unimportant: they complain tlral the eight page
issues aren't enough to read: they complain that the
editorial cartoons aren‘t funny enough; they coin-
plain that...

What ('AN the H.800 students do for the ASI"?
Generally. plenty. Instead of complaining abotit
sloppiness. attempt rectifying it. An abundance of
technical errors distinctly labels a newspaper as an
amateurish attempt at journalism in many people's
eyes; however. in our eyes it labels the students here
as professors of apallry. A typographical error is
easily corrected. hrit it is not the job of the
editor-in-ehief or any other editor for that riiatter. it
is the job of a large staff interested in putting out a
good looking paper - a staff we desperately need.
and a staff which should be easy to recruit front so
large a student body. Where are you?

The ASl’ office is not a had place to spend a few
of those hours regularly devoted to snack bar duty.
We don‘t guarantee that the elickety-clack of the

writ NOT in AU.
0'" if  I-rthu
HAVE A Sffilifl'l

5!
(“To
STlttil our HASH IN Vat/ii.



~ I4": outs: iii ‘
left} IT_ or. pm; [mun/visas»: st
____ " \ .__ intw Diva-15f, [it]
.' oD J2~ " vAPIIi 1r .7 .2;
r i from '  
a 9 iiit‘l‘)
T % nlir'il‘

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

  
 

 
 
    
     
    
 
    

g I
)1” ,,,, on
y .

Comment

IBM typewriters. the whine ol the headline ina-
chines. and the bulletin boards laden with fresh
copy \\tll turn you on. biit don‘t you lllltl trs oft

(hrr responsibrlrn I\ win responsibility too. .
’ C. (1.

Chicago Morality?

Aiiieiicaiis hate alnan lreerr tIlV\\‘\\t‘tl with .i
Ill\\ltt‘.’tl I.nth lit the title ot km A national pride
has been hiiilt on the idea that here III "the land of
the free and the home ot the brave" we have a
scieirtitic and rational itietliod ol adiirmistetiirg
ittstice to all and correcting all nriiistices. The law is
the \H'lllL‘ll word. and the written word is (iod.
l‘very thing else is minor.

The inability of the American nation to make
moral iiidgriients |\ directly related to our infantile
trust I“ the law. It there are laws which can settle a
problem. it is thought to be unnecessary to inject
any iiroral complications. ()ur‘ reliance on legality
makes its all moral cop-outs.

The decision of tlic ('hicago conspiracy trial has
beeir greeted with national relief. Tire system is
functioning. perhaps iiol well. biit all that is impor-
tant is that it does function. The Airiericari legal
s) stein has once again reached a decision.and again
the American public has ignored the morality
implicit iii iliis action. Sure Judge Hoffman is a fool
and could have condtieled a better trial. but Abbie
and the rest of them acted pretty foolish loo, Who
is Iojudge‘.’ Will anyoiiejudge'?

A game has been played. A decision ltas been
reached. But. everyone is so hung up on the resrilt
that the means is in danger of being forgotten. We
all need to make a moral commitment. lsoirr naive
faith Ill the LAWjitstified'.’ ls leg-.ilityrirorality'.’

As Abbie lloff'nan said as he left the courirooin
Friday. “It ain‘t whether you win or lose: it's how
you play the game." A. T.

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, [970

It Happened

in Stuyvesant?

Something strange happened at
Stuyvesant Tower Saturday night.
but even after hours of research.
exactly what happened and why is
still a mystery. For a short time.
the residence director closed
down elevator service and posted
0 Resident Assistants at the 0th
floor stairway. At the time. the
director justified his actions by
saying that he was looking for
candles. latcr saying that he was
answering an anonymous call re-
porting ari injury.

While communications on carn-
pus may leave something to be
desired. the kick of communica-
tion in this instance borders on
tinbehevahihty. RA‘s asked to
guard stairway exits were not told
why. lisplanations to those iri-
volved in the 3th floor party were
at best nebulous. Because of the
void in nrloririation explaining
what happened and why. it was

natural that rumors would spread

to fill that void.

After piecing together bits of
information. the incident itself
appears to have been a small one.
but what gives it more significance
is the unwillingness of those with
first hand information to give the
truth willingly. Both individual
students and members of the resi-
dence staff were reliictani to pro-
vide the facts behind the incident.
Although some perceived their in-
terests threatened and because of
this withheld information. they
should have realized that all iii-
terests are best served by a corri-
plete factual account.

This leads to still another pro-
blem of broad scope. i‘lil the ASP
to do its job ofcommunicating to
the university community. ll is
imperative that the student body
be willing to communicate With
us. In order to give lllll .iiid
factual coverage. we need your

help. It It

 

asp

stalt

 

Managing Editor
News Editors

Arts Editor
Sports [Editors

’I'cchnicul Editors

City Editor
Business Manager
Advertising Manager
Photography li'ditor

signed. Communication: should be
to editing. Editorial policy of the
by the Editors-in-Cbiot.

 

Editors

The Albany Student Press is published two times a week by
the Student Association of the State University of New York
at Albany. The ASP editorial office is In :ated in Room 3M of
the Campus Center. This newspaper is funded by S.A. tax. The
ASP was founded by the class of 1918. The ASP phones are
457-2190. 457-2194. if no answer. 1157-3430.

‘fIl‘CflfL'f
Anita 'I‘Iruycr and
Gary Gel!

Pat () 'I'lcrn
('aroi [lug/res
Nancy Durish
Linda Waters

Dunc Fink
Robert Ii‘arriilant
’l‘om ('lingmr
Linda Siaszulr
Iiarry Kirscltricr
Citric/r Ii‘ibuli
Jeff Rodgers
Marty Benjamin

All communications must be addressed to the editors and must bu

limited to 300 words and are subiact
Albany Student Press is determined

 

 

 

Put a little
SUNSHHNE
in your life.

Join the

ASP
staff

 

 

,4th

All part,

Turn on to the

Stealer“! pieced

Sunday - 7p.m.
Campus Center 320

pm. turd/aim

MWngW
radiomme

[among other things].

 

 

 

 

 

 

Vol. W” No. 6

p

ALBANY swarm
PRESS

State University of New York at Albany

    

 

UB EXPLODES

by Al Sonia

The State University at Buffalo was on the verge
of a student shut-down today following two days
and nights of bloody confrontation between stud‘
cuts and both city and campus police.

The administration building wa. “pretty well (les-
troycd.” according to an eyewitne. .

Police reports claimed elcvr.I sons injured bill
this figure was termed “pure bullshit" by an editor
of SPECTRUM. the student newspaper. There were
confirmed reports of many students clubbed. beat-
en. minced. and in at least one instance. set upon by
police dogs.

By the early hours of Tuesday morning the scene
liatl quieted down somewhat after a stormy student
met-ting in one of the residence halls. lrittle was
accomplished at that time. but another meeting will
take place at 7::lt) this morning outside the strident
tiriion to dcciilc specific actions. it. was ccrlain there
would be some kind of strident strike or “cessation
of classes." “A whole lot of students here are mad-
dcr than hell." one student reported to the AHI’
over the phone

Earlier last night. it appeared more violence might
erupt. While lltt‘ students were met-ting. police were
massing near thc security building at the end of the
campus. They were armcd with tear gas. Macv. and
clubs and Wl'l't' placcd on alert scvvral times
throughout the night liirt no further clashes or"
citrrcd.

 
    

 

3
'5

Yestcrday's t-vcnts began with a march on llaycs
Hall, the adrriiinslraliori building Minor dislurlr
arict-s followr-d ('amptis si-ciirity cars wt-rc smashed
by students iiicciisctl at the "police riot " of chncs-
il.r_\ rrtglit 'l'licr't- \ias “(illlt' tlcsli'iit'lioii .rt llic lot'til
It t) 'l' t' briiltbiri.i

.‘\.s lllt' crowd itr'cu tn lll':tl'l_\ thrt-i- thousand. pol
icc wcrc callcil. littl iristcatl of i't-trcntriig. tlic sltttl
i-nts iiict llIt'IIl bcad on with sticks .i||tl clubs The
police fcll lrat'k

lll thirty Itlllilllt's, tlrcy retitrircrl in force, rlrt-sscd
in Hot gt-ar aiitl btrlsli-rcrl \vitli iiit'iiilrcrs of the littf
l'alir 'l'at-tical l’atrol linit 'l'hcir c.iiiii)mt'iit iiicluth-d
Icar gas. clubs. and policc dogs .‘s'oiirc police wcri-
wtlliorit lrailgi-s The crowd atlvanccd again. and lhc
policc. fcariiig fiirtlrcr \‘ltill'llt'l‘_ withdrew "ainid '
shower of rocks and bottles." according to one eye

witness

That was the situation until last night's tiicctiiig.

'l'hc sci-no ptctttri-il abier was ti'aiiiittil i'oiiipart-d
in tlic lrcdlain of the previous night The following
story was picccrl togcthcr with the help of the staff
of llll' Sl’l‘l("l'lilll\l. lhc student ircwspripcr at liiif
fan laitt- 'l‘iii-stlay night. lhcrt- was a peaceful
rally in support of a group of black alhlt-li-s dc-
inaridiirg changes iii recruiting procctltircs and llll‘
lrnaiicial .rid pr'ograiri of tlrc tiriiVi-rsity's atblclic dc
partiiiciil

\\'licri thi- rally ciirlctl. boycott leaders asked the

Dr. Hamilton
Raps Albany’s
Mayor Corning

"llc honor .llr' Iiirrlis but “'1'
it ill npl [rcr'l'irr'rii it! your
WWII-fix llari'y Hamilton

The t'ornrng Arlnnrirstratirrn's
handling of thc appointtiii-iit of
HI'V (ii-irrgc 1. Harris as rririiiager
iil' 'l‘liat‘lici' lltrtiics drcw ti stinging
|'t'illll\|‘ Irorn llr llari'v llnniiltoii.
[)l't"»ltl1'l|l Ill tlrc .\|lraiiy NAACP
.illtl ilt'.|ll rrl Si NYAs l'Iill‘ pro
grain

in t'\|ll.ill||l||1lll‘vIiltl.|ll|/.|lltrlllh
boycott ol llrr- pr'cw. t‘lrlllt‘l‘t'lll‘l‘
t..|lt-d by Mayor t‘orrrirri: to an
Ilittlttt‘l‘ llll‘ .ippuiirtirrciif llaiiiil~
too said "\\‘c r-spcct to work
closcly With Mr liiiriis. (bill) l
tlId not attend your press confer-
I'lll‘l' lici'riitsi- lltlh is but one fur-
ther example of ll movo to pro-
mote yourself unrlor the guise of
honoring iiomoonr "lira."

continued on page 3 Pawn" '°"

crowd to stay and await the administration's re-
action. HOWever, about a hundred students began
marching toward the gym. in protest against the pre-
sence of city police on campus.

The basketball game with Stony Brook had end-
ed. so the group marched to the offices of Acting
President Peter Regan. There they confronted an
assistant over the now-touchy issue of the Buffalo
police. He claimed the University's Security Task
Office had summoned the police. but it was later
reported that Regan had either given the author-
l'Ltlllt)" or done the calling himself.

As the students left. twenty security policemen.
equipped for riot duty. approached. An object won
thrown throuin the window of Regan‘s office. and
the police chased the demonstrators into nearby
Norton llall.

Once inside. the students set tip barricades but
the police broke through and chased people through
the lobby. ()ne patrolman pointed to Terry ltccgan,
a student who had previously been arrested for de-
monstrating in support of the Buffalo [Slack l’an-
thcrs. and he was beaten and clubbed. Another stu-
dent. Toni Kcarris. was picked at random. kicked
and t.‘lltl)l)ctl to the ground until blood gushed from
his head. He was their handcuffed and taken away
while students nearby threw i-Verytliing they could
lay their hands on at the police. lie is now in the
hospital with serious head injuries.

l\'leanwhilc. windows at the administration build
iiig were being smashed. liisidc now-famous Norlon
llall. barricades wr-rc sct tip to pri-vciit flll'llll't' pol
it't' swt-t-ps. Appeals \vt-i't' broadcast to cycwiliicsscs
to go ltr tlic Student Association iil'fit'l' iii tlit- lilliltl'
trig and write down what tlicy had witnessed.

.\laii\ sllltlt'llln wr-rc now oiilsitlc. lit-lug fin‘ccil
out of Norton Hall by tlrc policr- 'l'hi-y won gathcr
cil lllltl groups and littrlt-il rocks and ('llllllii\ Ul lt‘i' at
llic fiyc pirlicciiii-rr slalrnirctl rrtttsiilc tlirc lltillt’i'lllilll
gl.iiii't~tl .tl lits t'tllll|l.itl|tlt|‘_ and all lllll'llt‘ti |oi\\'ai'il.
swinging t'ltllls tlrrc student it'll to ilrc ground and
the crowd I'.||'l'll In his ii-si'iic sliiriiiiiig "(ict liiiii.
gt-l him" as air irll'it'cr \\‘|l'ilit‘tl lll" rriact- trtitl spraycd
at point blank range. 'I'lrc crowd scat tcri-d.

For m'ci' .rir hrritr. campus police fought pilcht-d
battlcs. rocks and ice chunks filling lhc air A truck
aiiil car wcrr- set on firc. thc llltI/.l' was cxtiiigttishcd
by other stitdciils

'l'hcii. llll' ('If_\‘ police arrived int-low Norton
Hall. The students ract-il out front. and police
pursued tlrcm. spraying macc. The students fled into
dormitories. wlicrc first aid stations \Vt'l't' set up.

The crowd stai'tt-d to rcgroiip lHlleltlt'
Norton arid so did the police. Dogs wcrc utilcasctl.
iiittss arrests were riiadc Many bystanders caught it]
the iiiidrllc of the confusion wcrc busted.

l"iiia|ly llrc trotiblc sirbsitlcd, and MW prrlicc with
tlrcw iiriilcr .r barrage of rock and snowballs

Continued on page 3

 

Next time you run amuck, ruinumbor you're not alone.

 

- poioicslri'

Council Discusses
New Constitution

by Robert Warner

lrast night (‘critrzil
t'oiirrr'il voti-tl by a thin iirargiii
ill lll l) on a bill by Miltc iitllll'
pt'i‘l to limit the tit-lil of possible
t'.Illllltl:tlt'.s who can run for l’rcs-
itlciit aritl Vice President of Hltttl
t'lll Association tSAl This is a
proposed Constitutional
Amendment which says in i-I'fi-ct
that no person shall be a nominee
for President or Vitrc-l’rcsidcnt un-
Icss he has liiid two .scmcslcrs of
experience on (.‘eiilral ('ouitcil
which may include the semester
ot his nomination. Included in
this amendmcnt was lliat air
cxcr-ption can bc made by a two-
tlitrils vote of (.‘rruncil.
The purpose of this amendment

in” ' . -e
s f“ V“:
it. v . .\

 

"ban/anti"

is ill iristirc that the President arid
\'icr- l’rcsidcirt know exactly
what lllt‘ iltttit-s til those offices
critatl bi-forr- they 1- office
This was severely cri t'ixcd by
many nit-titbcrs of ('otincil as anti-
dcinoci'atic aiitl a step backward
in (‘ouncil‘s program to become
nrorc representative of the student
body. Ken Stokem and Joe
Kaiser led the attack against
l.ampcrt's bill. Kaiser antl Wesley
(’illlt'tl for a roll call. Voting in
'avor of larnipcrl's hill were i l l )2
Judy Avnt-r. Dr. Baker. Jeannette
liockcrimiiin. Slevo Brown. Mike
Lampcrt. 'l'oin Leibos. Vie
l.oopcr. Linda l’earsoii. Norm
liich. ('arol 'l‘ibbets. and Jean
'l‘irrru-r. Voting against ware (l0):
Mike Avon, Ralph Dih’ltll'il‘lt). Bert
l‘lvt-rslcy. 'l‘crry Mathias. Drive
Ncufcld, Dr. Daniel O‘Dcll Tobi
Shoslak. Larry Smith. and Dick
Wcsli-y. The remaining vote was
an abstention by Miss Alicc
Corbin

The original proposal by the
Const it utional Revisions Coin-
mittcc which is chaired by Ken
Stokem would have merely called
for a transitional period in which
the inconv-rg President could ob-
tiiln a good Working knowledge
from the outgoing President.
Those who criticized the bill as
voted by Council maintained llitit
a transitional period would suffice
and tliitl Council experience re-
quirements would only serve to
exclude more students from their
own govr-rnmcnt. 'l‘crry Mathias
agreed that the transitional period
would have been good enough.

Lenny Kopp proposed four
amendments which would delete
the ‘good academic standing'
clause of tho Constitution which
is in reference to the
qualifications of Councilmen.
Kupp'u reason for this amend-
ment was that college students are
nurture enough to handle their

Continued on page .t

 

 

 

 

