 

"‘PAGEI'

Asian ' students visit Albany

ALBANY swarm mass

(in a tour of United States

This week Albany State will be
host to ten Asian student leaders.
The purpose of the visit is to
acquaint the students leaders with
the American university system
and also the values and attitudes
of their American student leader
counterparts. Albany is only one
stop in their three month

University
workshops

The College of General Studies
of State University of New York
at Albany is planning several non-
-credit workshops and seminars
for men and women in the com-
munity for the spring semester.

A workshop in prose writing
will be led by William Kennedy.
literary critic for the National
Observer, film columnist for the
Albany Times-Union, and author
of “The Ink Truck" published
recently. The workshop of 10
sessions will be held Wednesday
evenings (7-9) on alternate weeks,
starting March 4 and continuing
through June 4. The fee is $40.

A poetry workshop will be held
from 7 to 9 Tuesday evenings,
starting February 13 until April
21. The leader will be Laurence
Josephs, faculty member at Skid-
more College. His work has been
published in the New Yorker, and
in many pottry reviews. He also
has published a collection of
poems called “Cold Water Morn-
ing" and “Free Fall: A Poem for
the Theatre." The fee is $50.

A children’s writing workshop
will meet on Monday evenings
starting April 6 from 7 to 9 under
the direction of Mrs. Irgving Bis-
kin. Mrs. Biskin will teach the
technique of writing for children
of varying ages with emphasis on
short stories any marketability of
children’s writing. She is the auth-
or of “Pattern for a Heroine" and
a collection of essays, “My Life
Among the Gentiles." The fee is
$30.

A technical writing wprkshop
will be given Tuesday evenings for

cross-country tour of the United
States.

While in Albany, they will par-
ticipate in a dialogue with the
students and faculty on Tuesday,
Feb. 10 from 9-10:30 a.m. in the
Patroon Room. On Wed., they
will meet with Dan Duryea at the
capitol for a televised news con-
ference.

schedules
on writing

12 sessions beginning February 3.
It will emphasize the structural
relationships among writing,
choice of words, sentence and
paragraph building, and develop-
ment of ideas. The instructor,
Ronald Dixon. is senior editor of
R & D Publications, G.E. Re-
search and Development Center.
The fee is $45.

A course in writing for theatre,
ﬁlms, and television will be led by
Leslie Urbach, a professional tele-
vision writer. The course will start
Tuesday evening, February 3, and
run for 12 weeks. The fee is $40.

A reading imporvement course
will be given on Tuesdays,
7:30-9:30. Mrs. M. Elizabeth Tib-
betts will be the instructor. Two
courses will be identical in con-
tent and include practive with
reading machines, perception ex-
ercises, vocabulary improvement.
directed reading with emphasis on
ﬁnding main ideas, skimming,
scanning, and retention of facts.
There will be a $3 charge for
textbooks and materials, payable
at the first session of the course.
The fee for each course is $20.

A 15rwcek ceramics course will
be given by Frances Simches. The
sstudio course, in the art of fired
clay will put special emphasis on
wheel throwing and hand building
techniques, application of glazes,
and kiln firing. Some background
in design is necessary because
students will design their own
work. The fee for the course,
which starts February 3, at 6
p.m., will be $85, with a small

' additional charge for materials.

 

   
   

 

From Friday until Sunday, they
will participate in a Cross-Cultural
Workshop with Cornell University
in Utica. During their free time
the students will visit various
dorms to speak with the American
students and they will sit in on
some of the classes.

It is hoped that through this
program the Asian student will
gain some insight into the ways of
American campus life. The pro-
gram is being sponsored by the
Bureau of Educational and Cul-
tural Affairs of the State Depart-
ment.

NOTICES

The following positions are cur-
rently open for student repre-
sentations on University Senate
Councils and Committees:

Educational Policies Council (3
vacancies)

-Research Council (1)

-Library Council (1)

-Academic Standing Committee
(1)

-Univcrsity Governance

There are also positions
available for students on two ad-
ministrative committees:

-Equal Employment Com-
mittee(2)
-Space Management Com-
mittee(2)
Within Student Association,

there are vacant positions for one
sophomore and two juniors on the
Athletic Advisory Board.

For further information on any
of these committees, pleusc con-
tact Terry Mathias in Campus
Center 346, 457-3430.

Applications available for
Myskania, Alumni board, and
Class Ofﬁcers at CC Information
Desk, are due in CC 846 (Student
Association Office) by 5 pm.
Friday, February 13.

Qualifications:Myskania- Junior
Status, 2.0 cumulative average;
Alumni Board, Class Ofﬁcers-2.0
cumulatigve average, class dues
paid.

SPRING RUSH

 

 

 

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY , 10, 1970

Revisions final-

Calendar approved

ns were worked out by a Task Force during the

which convened to consider the SUNYA
light of the New Patterns in Undergraduate
Education. Various appropriate Councils of the SUNYA Senate con-
sidered the recommendation and urged the senate itself to approve It,
The Senate requested the administration to Implement this new cal.
endar “if feasible" and received a report at Its December 15 meeting
that indeed such an implementation was feasible.

The "intersession" from about December 24 to the beginning of the
third week in January is to be considered as any other university
recess. It merely puts together the present Christmas recess and
intersession. Ordinarin the dormitories will close during the period
and other student and academic services will function at the some
level as they do during any recess. In general, faculty will not be
expected to be present on campus any differently than as at present
during a recess. Exceptions to the general policy can be made by
Deans for sound educational reasons, expecially in the case of schools
such as Social Welfare and Education.

“J " ' ,_ B may be L -' ' " during the intersession
contingent upon the availability of residential quarters food services,
etc. It is understood that these will create additional costs, and
resources would have to be found if such facilities are needed. Faculty
cannot be paid for instruction during the intersession, since this would
involve double compensation.

Although the above considerations may limit what can be done
during the intersession, members of this academic community are
encouraged to devise imaginative and innovated ways to enhance the
educational program of this university by utilizing intersession.

Fall 1970
Residence Halls open
Registration, Sat., Eve., Classes

The following revisio
l968-69 academic year
Academic Calendar In

Sun., Aug. 30
Mon., Aug. 31

Opening Faculty Meetings Tues, Sept. 1
Registration - day classees Wed., Sept. 2
Classes begin Thurs., Sept, 3
Labor Day - no classes Mon., Sept. 7

Fri., Sept 11
Fri., Sept. 25
Mon., Sept. 28

Last day to add courses
Last date to file Jan. Degree Appl.
Academic advisement begins

Mid-term grades due to Registrar Fri., Oct. 23
Pre-registration begins s Wed., Oct. 28
Last date to drop course, Grad. Students Fri., Oct. 30

Fri, Nov. 20

Wed., Nov. 25

Wed., Nov. 25

Sun., Nov. 29

Mpn., Nov. 30

Mon., Dec. 111

Tues., Dec. 15-Dec. 22
Wed., Dec. 23

Last date to make up Incompletes
Pre‘registration ends
Thanksgiving recess begins
Residence halls reopen

Classes resume

Classes and

Final examinations

Residence Halls close

Intersession Wed., Dec. 23-Sun., Jan. 17
Spring 1971
Registration Sat., Jan. 16

Sun., Jan 17
Mon., Jan 18
Tues.,Jun. 19
Tues., Jan. 26
Fri., Feb. 5
Mon., Feb. 8
Fri., March 5
Fri., March 19
Mon., March 22
Sat., April 3

Residence halls reopen

Registration - day classes

Classes begin

Last day to add courses

Last date to file June Degree Appl.
Academic advisement begins

Mid-term grades due to Registrar

Last date to drop course, Grad Students
Pro-registration begins

Spring recem begins

 

 

 

 

 

 

,, The Spring Rush Re- .

FFI nip. mamas II . ..
 wvdi:?o;:n:qn':%:m leslimoniello :ohuflfio ception-Cokcr will be held on Refidence hulls Close sat" Am” J
 andSlocliholm ssnnsii,cn.pi.in,i<aaion. February 13 1970 from 7_9 m Residence halls reopen Sun., April 11

l ms Griffith, Renoir. Tiullaul . , ' p' ' Classes resume M A il 12
aniswmmng new lectures and Mum," ‘- In the Campus Center Ballroom. A 0'3" pr,

for the :333m'3p31155"rgg wowvmirms Fashion Show will be hold with ,1?“ date ‘° mm “P I"c°"‘P'eI°S Fri.. April 16

I l ICII , '- r ' a - ~ 1

New loulplogllm Sci-e5 ‘mr Viaow PRESIDENT music by Horton and Strong. It is C?! ﬁei'ﬁtrdm“ ends En" Apr” 2‘;

. “5Ix";:m""¢:"“=:':‘°ﬂ"l5 compuslory for all rushecs. Russ?“ "nd , MOW. MW 3
Audience 5...... 3:, ,:::;,,':,,,,;;:g ending period rues. . Thurs.
From ms vmom PRESIDEH‘I r Pmnmsmm Pli'illlcl May 4 - May 6

Win wncn or POSITANO  Final Examinations Fri - Sal

MARTVRS Of lOVE VALI u cmcmuhcatly ouile ‘ ‘

IHE END or AUGUSI A1 blilllani as v Post 7 May 7 - May 15

m: HOIEL ozone sum-n» Am Apr    Residence halls close Sun., May 16

 LUDENS :gxlvmrsan Miruvsco Film gucsltyl meeliznlgo Mun” Muy 1 .7

ru Ii - 2 I , ..

ngi‘f‘ms 'OIONE Isashallcnnu   n '0" pm SUL, May 22

SHADOW OF AN APPLE :piics oi IllD nllm lho time S '

SUMMER WAR woyla w., 4."... Magnum)  Summer 1971 ~ Details to he provided by the Director of Summer

CSSIUHS
.
We will furniin you with a .
('hurch (‘haricr and you can  C .
start your own church. l'lcad- 
quarters of UNIVERSAL LIFE
_ Mr. Kamai Monsour - . .
CHURCH Will keep records of nowncd lecturer on A‘rab“ uiiil nth/hi 1‘4"?“09’ '3‘ “” "emf" P,”
IFG your church and file with the Druz issues. will be speaking on conﬁguriinivfniuni.Imlonnvinmmny
federal government and furniin “‘reh‘l‘icmxmence “"d Inieﬁrml’" her of thye Cuiiiifnittc:lhlbimiii‘c
. l I ‘ ‘ ' ‘ ' ‘ ' , l H I '
presents you Willi d iux«.xcmpt stains four i::;::'?i“r;t"g:"fd:  M0" Advancement of Education for
all you have to do is report your the list of the Lilli: Zuni“ me on Druz‘ mm m " member “r um
‘1 activities to headquarters four 0 r "ﬂy for n I‘ “f “w Center W"
.a times a year. Enclose a free will Hundkn“ and fir-1}!) 'Juwmh cu'ulmr'm‘m i”
- - .- :, , ul'l'criii'. "I u' .
The Virgin President -| thruary l7 1" crocheted articles ’l‘lb‘llleﬂlmi and umiwer Purim]
WI e hold followinv ll *l--t l
E ‘ . I I, It. Lt llf'l.,
The nd of August at the Hotel Ozone  made to order which wull take place Friday, {we},
.Fcb, 24 . CR0 [liililﬂt 2:30 in the CC Assembly
Martyni of Love March IO   CHETED n ‘
Vail, Witch of Positano -Miirch I7   VESI‘S AND SKIRTS COMPUTER DATING IS FUN
and It wottul
A SPECIALTY Tnv IT AN
' D SEE
All Shows at LG 18 at 7:30 and 9:30 HOLLYWOOD, FLORIDA M...
$1.00 each or 4 shows for $3.00  Call 436-0238 MATCH MAKE"
I I V ,  I h |,   I. . I Y I 'BoXEZABAIbsnv.N.Y.12205
. .. Hi  . . y l(,,., IVH», I ‘11 i v r - .L .. -. -
.,  i . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..

 

 

   

 

 

 

\ ' V's _ I
MAHAKISHI MAHESH YOGl will soon teach the principles of
Transccndcctal Meditation here in a course sponsored by Yoga Club.

so) .1-

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

The University community will
soon have its first opportunity to
gain a first—hand understanding of
the principles and the practice of
the Transcendental Meditation of
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi.

A course, sponsored by the
Yoga Club, will begin with an
introductory lecture on Tuesday
evening, February 17th at 7 pm.
in the Campus Center Assembly
Hall. Joe Clarke, an instructor at
the Cambridge center of thc Stu.
dent’s International Meditation
Society (SIMS) will discuss the
philosophy behind 'I‘ransccndcntai
Meditation,, its effect on the in-
dividual, and ils relevance to the
problems of modern life.

Clarke will lecture again March
6th on the techniqnc of Yoga.
During the following four days, hi'
will remain in Albany to give
personal instruction in meditation
and conduct follow-up work-
shops.

TrilliSCClHlt‘llllll Meditation is an
effortless technique utilizing lhc
a- mind‘s natural tendency to be
attracted to a field of grculcr
happiness, It leads the iillcnlion
to progressively more refined

Central Council philosophy

establishes budget priorities

by Ken Siokein

Last Thursday‘s Central Council meeting saw the
introduction of a unique concept in budgeting
Studcnl Association monies. Vic Loopcr introduced
the bill, cnlitlcd “Builch Philosophy for 1970-71,"
that acts down now priorities for the use of Studan
'I‘ux moncy.

'l‘lu- proposal slates Ihiil: “...l.hc overriding philo-
sophy will be to l't‘llll'li as much of the $26.75 to us
many students as possible." The bill emphasizes
llll‘l'l‘ilSOII spending in the llt‘i'll of spectator events
and participation events. The six page proposal goes
into detail as to how this could be done.

lilltlIN’I‘ |)I‘ltjl'('lL'(i the cost of the program to be
3| H.150, 1111 increase of $08,100 in this area, The
money inci'vusc would conic from reducing the
financial supporl of clubs, charging students who
attend the ai'tivilics, raising the student tax a
modest amount, or reducing the athletic assessment
and rcchanncling the reduction to the student
activities assessment. The following chart depicts
Loopcr's specific projections:

CURRENT PROJECTED

Concerts $25,000 $75,000

Major Plays 8,000 9,600
Music Council 12,000 12,000
Beer Parties 0 1,500
Forum-Speaker 5,000 (5,000
Special Events Iioard Level 21,350 31,850
l.l“.(i. 1,200 2,000
Student Association Programs 0 200
Total 73,050 141,150

The increase provides for El concerts, El beer
parties, (5 SU'I‘ productions, and Al major speakers in
year. One conccrl and one hour party ii month,

The proposal was sent to hudch committee for

revision.

A $15,000 Budch was passed for the 1970
l'lnmccoming Concert. It was passed this early to
provide sul'l'icicnl time and money for the concert
to be booked for in advance.

Al the some meeting, Council also spoke about.
priorilics, communication, and cnlivcuing thLI
school. Sonic [)coplc I'carcd thul the Albany State
was becoming a suitcase school and statements such
as, “I don't think that I can find 20 people who like
Albany State, who go lie-1',“ wt‘l‘O common.
Suggcstions were made to activate the school by
doing such things as i'i-dccornting thv Railhskclli-i',
having a happi-ning there, having dancing in the
Rnlhskcllcr or in a special room, and having a mucic
room In the Campus Center.

     

The following nppointiiicnts were made: Corky
Thompson, Dick Wesley, and Carol 'l‘ihbcts to
University Athletic Council; Terry Mathias to Com-
mittcc on Student Governments and Organizations,
and Dick Wesley as chairman of Budget Committee.
The results of the constitutional i‘cfcrcndum on

the proposition allowing Juniors to run for MYS-
KANIA instead of just second semester Juniors were
released. The proposal was defeated, 387 voting in
favor and ‘12 against, a total of 1129 votes out of the
almost 7,000 undergraduates eligible to vote.
Twenty-percent of the undergraduate student body
voting with a 2/3 affirmative vote was needed to
pass the proposal. The referendum was run last
Wednesday and Thursday in the dinner lines and the
Campus Center.

In the two meetings of Central Council previous
to last Thursday's, Council passed a new Election
Bill and new clcctivc procedures to hopefully clear
up all past difficulties in these areas. Also passed
was a WSUA Budget increase of $2,000 to cover
unexpected costs incurred by thLI station this year.

On January 8, Council unanimously piiss‘cd an
appropriation of $130.00 to Political and Social
Positions Committee, in a bill introduced by Dave
Ncufeld, to set up a draft counseling library in the
student Association Office.

 

 

 

levels of the thinking process, thus
expanding the conscious capacity
of the mind and bringing it into
contact with tremendous energy,
creative intelligence, and hap-
piness which is latent in its deep-
cst regions.

While the mind is engaged in
this extremely subtle activity, the
nervous system and body receive
complete rest. Thus, the tensions
which inhibit the capacity for full
and spontaneous enjoyment of
life are neutralized. The individual
begins to use his full potential in
all fields of thought and action
and finds increasing case and har-
mony in his relations with others.

Who are the most optimistic
people in the world? If one asks
any of the teachers of Tran-
sccndcntal Meditation, he will
claim that he and his fellow teach-
UI‘S ilrL‘.

Each of them has participated in
the introduction of a technique
for thc l'ulfillmcnl of human po-
Iontialily into the lives of many
individuals.

Each of thcm knows that as the
practice of this technique be-
comes incorporatcd into the daily
routine of more and more indi-
viduals, Ilic atmosphere of tension

When you know
it’s for keeps

All your sharing.

all your special memories
will be lorever
symbolized by your
diamond engagement ring.
II the name,

Keepsake is in the ring
and on lhe tag.

you are assured ol

line quality and

lasting satisfaction

Tho ongogomenl diamond
is llawlcss.

ol superb color and
premse modern out

Your Keepsake Jeweler
has a choice selection

ol many lovely styles.
He‘s listed in

the yellow pages

under "Jewelers."

Ni “ISILRILD

Kee

DIAMOND RINGS

 

psake'

Yoga Club sponsors 
on Transcendental Meditation

that produces war will begin to be
eliminated at its source. I

All members of the University
community are cordially invited
to participate in this course.

Aegean
Institute

The Aegean Institute located on
the island of Pores, two and
one-half hours by boat south of
Athens, is a non-profit organi-
zation for summer study in
Greece, It is primarily for college
students or graduates with a lively
interest in the country and its
culture. There are no
prc-requisites.

The basic courses offered con-
tain the equivalent of one semes-
ter’s work. Credit may be request-
ed from his own college or univer-

sity.

The cost, $325 includes room,
board (breakfast and one meal),
tuition, excursion. Transportation
to and from Greece is provided by
the student.

For additional information and
an application blank write: Dr.
Pohlsimder, SUNYA, Department
of Classics, Humanities 349.

SPUNWI AVE

 

waHbanger

 

 

RESIGN THE HAT-RACE

Wlio?—Vou.

WIuii?-»1-12 monllis on Tropical
Island.

Wlioni— Now.

Wliaro?-Unspoilud Caribbean ls-
land.

Why7—Wliy not?

For Students and Teachers.

Open yeararound. Car
co-ordlnated. Con—$100 me. (not a

rides

 

NOTICE

A number of class rings have
been found on campus during
the pilﬁl six months. Rings min
be cliiiiiicd at the Security build-
ing, tclcphonc 457-7616. Rings
will be kept until February 28,
1970.

Rings have been found from
Benjamin Franklin Iliin School,
Mainc-Endwell Senior High,
Cliazy Central Rural School, An-

 

 

pSCIIIIIASIIC
iiiiiiiiii
SﬂRIlIIIII
suéiii

coiiii'iuiii
CAPITOL PIIESS

 

grrlﬁsioﬂ'yngiﬁzv'mml"a? drew Jackson High School, lioyii  | ""'
. 5qu .207..Memnl\ll..Iean..38104. lghScliool.and EorLAnne....l . “MaggymAﬁV-{ggrr- - [Eggs-sup'mxuo’u'd"lin’¢'§,"'a'65("i'd. "s'YkXt'Ut'e'TNfW' l'ﬁdl'l

    

u ...,, 1.. pm i. iii u. i Mlqu A H ii...i.iL..i.....m, liu ln ism

I. ____________ ._.._ _______ __._.....I
HOW TO PLAN VOUR ENGAGEMENT AND WEDDING|
| Picnic smut m. 20 m.- liooilvt “run...” You: [nqaqcmcnt and Weddin 
and lull rolni imam hunt to: only 25c Ana tell me how to obtain the beautiful
I is page imit- t Kl'i‘nslilr‘ Boot .u hall pm» 5.70 |

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

itwiwauicww-r-wmvw ‘» ' - "

. . .._«.usms.m..W-m~mm .

 

