PRICE FIVE CENTS OFF CAMPUS

  ' ' "  Albany Student Press

     Contents copyright 1970.

 

 

Vol. [VII No. 35

State University of New Yorli at Albany

Tuesday. November l7. l970

James R. Williams, 29, was named last month to the new post of
Director of Campus Security (ASP,October 23. (970). Mr. Williams.
chosen unanimously by a search committee chaired by Robert Stierer,
Assistant Vice President for Management and Planning was the
youngest of the dozens of candidates considered for the post.

The selection of Mr. Williams put an end to a period of controversy
during which several students objected to the methods of the search
committee; many of the other candidates being considered were
specialists in military engineering, experienced in Southeastern Asian
affairs.

Mr. Williams is experienced in various areas of social and police work
in his home town of Indianapolis. He has served as a parole officer for
the Department of Corrections, a caseworker for the Department of
Public Welfare, and his present job, the associate director of the
Human Rights Commission. He is on the board ofdirectors ofPACE.
Inc., a United Fund agency advocating correctional reform.

A graduate of the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy at Kings Point.
Long Island, Mr. Williams is now a lieutenant in the naval reserve and
a candidate for an M.A. in history and political science at Butler
University.

Although he does not take office here at the University until
December 3, Mr. Williams agreed to an interview with the ASP this
past weekend, during a short stay in Albany. 'I‘liis reporter found him
willing and able, in the brief time he had for discussion, to respond
directly to a wide range of sensitive issues.

Below are excerpts covering the salient topics of that interview.

ROBBERIES AND ARMED POLICE

How would you control robberies on campus?
Frankly, I don’t think that that type of crime can
be helped by the trippling or quadrupling of the
security force...I don’t think the students want a
uniformed security force on every floor.

Suppose the instances of armed robbery increased...
How do you think we could control that without
putting other students uptight?

You mean without arming the security force?

Well, I'll ask you that, then: Do you think we
should arm the Security Force?

I agree with the trustees, or whoever made this
regulation;l think it's possible to do effective police
work-crime detection, arrests, all the traditional
facets of police work-being unarmed...[t's one
thing to conjure up all sorts of ideas about what
might happen: Certainly the Security Police could
not handle someone holed up with a rifle or a pistol
shooting at the place; you'd probably have to call
on outside police forces. But to use that as a basis
for arming the Security Force? How likely is that
event to occur? Not very likely.

On what grounds might you call in local police!
As I understand it, it will not be me who calls in the
outside police force.

CONTACT WITH YOUTH

What affective experiences have you had as a parole
officer dealing with young people!

The age group I dealt with as a parolc officer was
from I7 to 30 ..Many of the younger ones, let's say
19, 18 or so...startcd off in juvenile court; I used to
say, “I didn't get caught, that's the only rcason I‘in
sitting on this side of the table carrying a badge and
they're on the other side.“ I found that what they
desired wasn't too different from what I wanted
myself, as a human being.

DRUGS

What do you think a security force's role would he
in controlling drugs!

From some of the things I've observed in metro
politan police departments, there‘s an emphasis on
arresting users; this is wasted effort, it gets you good
hcudlines...My personal feeling is that any investiga-
tive efforts should be directed toward the pusher. I
think the Security Force at the Univorsity is strictly
a functioning portion of the University administra»
tion; in other Words, the Security Department does
not make up its own rules as to what it will enforce,
what it will not enforce.

So on most problems of security policy you'd
follow the administration line!

I think we woﬁld have to; because I think I see a lot
of dangers in the United States today if police
departments tend to feel themselves solely answer-
able to themselves for their actions.

STUDENT INFLUENCE 0N SECURITY

[low do you Iliirih students should get involved in
the Security Farr-ct Do you have any ideas on
communications between students and Security!

I think WI: should bring the roles of the security
officer and student. closer together, for instance by

hiring students as security officers or on the other
hand by encouraging security officers to go to
school for a degree. This, I think, Would be very
helpful: to bring the two roles together, so that the
Security Force is not looked on as an alien body.

Would you be in favor of a student review board or
grievance conniltee?

I think so, but I think also that there‘s a bit of a
problem, since everybody on the Security Force
with the exception of myself is under the State Civil
Service.

Here again you're going along guidelines that you
really liaue no control over?

Yes. The only other word you could come up with
would be "advisory," and I think a lot of students
might get upset at that word because it means, well
“we’re put up as symbols and we don't have any
other role.” That's just the way it is under the Civil

Under those conditions, than. would you favor it or
do you think it would be ineffective and useless?
No, certainly it wouldn‘t be ineffective or useless;
even though it Would be “advisory,” it Would
depend on what the Director and As s ant Director
of Security thought of it, and what backing that
board got from the president of the university, the
administration. From everything I‘ve read, the
administration seems to be quite favorably disposed
toward having such a board.

THE UNIVERSI IY AND THE CITY

[hi you feel than a security force might be able ltl
IllflIlt’IIl‘l' community police, or make a good
lllllll'l'Sh‘IUII oon Albany ilsi'lf/

It would havu to be the indirect method; I don't
think lhc police department should he in the role of
loading anybody to do anything. It's just not a
function of the police forces, because police forces
are servants, strictly that, arms ofth executive.

But as an individual, perhaps yes... I think that if
you could work on getting the majority of the
studan body registered to vote, you might have
mu ch more effect.

FILES ON STUDENT ACTIVISTS

.-\I present there are no files on student activists on
campus, do you feel this might serve the needs of
the Security Police I“tll‘t't', keeping files on the
students who nughl cause troubtc’
The only thing I can answer to that is, it often gets
out of hand; because it's Very difficult, well it's
impossible to predict what someone is going to do.
You get a firabrand oralor, is he actually going to
do what he says'.‘ You don't know. What happens is,
most departments, in order to play it sulu,
cal.uguri'l.c everybody as potentially dangerous radi
cult; and they keep a file on them I think that's
been much abused...

Again the Security Force is .in arm of tin-
executive, and I don‘t think they want to start
maintaining a lint of potential radicals,

Well, how about to protect yourself“ The Security
l'ttllt‘t! might lltlllt.’ personal feelings about this.

1 don‘t think that the file ai'lually does much good
other than just create a lot of ill fooling right now.
You know, under the law of the land, you got
arrested for acts that you do, tipl't‘lfil: actions that
violatv ono of tho lawn, not for whal. vou say or whl
you think or what you write aborut.

...de young

ARRESTS AND UNDERCOVER WORK

Do you feel that arrests are useful in controlling a
gathering that seems to be getting out of hand?

That might be very provocatory; in a crowd, if the
police observe an individual throw a firebomb, for
instance, it might be more harmful at that point to
go in and try to take him out of that crowd than it
would be just to identiby him and arrest him quietly
later. To answer what your question implies, the
police department does not have the authority to
ignore state law, to say we will not enforce this
particular state law.

Do you feel we should have an undercover agent?
No; well, again, you can’t just completely rule them
out, but the abuses of using undercover agents are
dangerous in themselves.

I think I'm very much in favor of»what are they
talking about now- “blazer boys“? Because the
Crime Commission report of 1965 or '66 (recom-
mended three levels of poliCc offiCcrs; the “police
aide” who would help in a lot of the dirty work that
police do now- taking down reports, getting cats out
01‘ trees; and then there would be a Community
Service Ofﬁcer, the highest level police officer you
could be... A kind of quasi-social worker, so to
speak; he'd have to bc college-educated, this type of
thing.

5'“ you'd like more ploinsclollicsnien, but plain‘
r'Iol/icsnicn whom ivc know?

Yi-s, whom you Would know. Apparently tin-so
positions, regardless of what my opinions are, havo
been approved by the state.

ttut these would be known policemen?

Oh, yes.

However, they wouldn't urcai'uni'forins’

'l‘hoy'd wear, from what I understand, easily irlontir
finhlc blazers and gray trousers; tln-y'd stand out,
and even if they didn't stand out llH' sludunts would
know who they arc.

STUDENT VIOLENCE

Unrest has been exaggerated, I'll just say that, il was
played up across lhc nation for lhc November
elections, exaggerated totally out of proportion to
what actually happened.

And I'm not in favor of using potential arguments
of what might happcrr-(lcnluinly a group of 10,000
students can In- i-xlrumoly destructive, and you can
imagnu- all sorts of things Ihal might happcn if an
unruly crowd of 10,000 students got out of hand
You could use this as a justification for acquiring
Iiclicochrs, lnnks, everything.

Well, that's what I'm lryuig to imagine, though,
right now

Wall, I don't want to imagine that, because I think
it‘s a street where there's no and; lllt' and Would In-
I’olu'a Stair, probably.

Ilul r'arlulnly a police force should hc prepared for
snnwthing ltltt’ that

Again, this In the argument used across the country
by lllUSt' who are carrying "dum-dum" bulb-ls in
llu-ir ril'li-s,an(l vvcn In their pistols. You know,
"We're ready, wv'ru prepared." Ilut Ihcu you‘ve got
all llIlH armaincnl and it bi-i'omus a self fulfilling
prophecy. You conic up on situations heavily nrmod
that in lhc past were dealt wilh rather routinon and
nothing much happened; but now you see il as a
riot and so you ovorvrcact.

 

Midi. to s

photos by david comarow

Mayor Defends Tobin

by Neill E. Shanahan

Excerpts of ASP's interview with Mayor Corning
appear on page eight.

Mayor Erastus Corning defended Tobin Packing Company Thursday
and said that. the alleged pollutcr is “doing everything that the
present state of technology will permit them to do" to correct the
dumpage of waste materials into Patroon Crack.

The major charged that numerous other organizations are equally
responsible for the pollution of Patroon Creek as Tobin's and cited
SUNY Albany, Killip Laundcrcrs and Dry Cleaners and Normanskill
Septic Tank Cleaners. He also claimed that Manning Paper Company
of Green Island produces “over half the entire amount of industrial
pollution that goes into the Hudson River."

With the projected completion of the Patroon Creek Intercept. and
the Albany Sewage Treatman plants in 1972, the mayor said, all
pollutors cited “will be completely in keeping with the rules and
regulations on water standards for both Patroon Creek and the
Hudson River.“

In effect, therefore, Mayor Corning claimed that all the pollutors in
Albany County A whose total pollution has caused the State Health
Department. to lisl Albany as a “major” pollutcr ~ are doing their
utmost to correct the situation and that the city is doing its utmost as
well.

The mayor made his comments in an interview requested by him
with the Albany Student Press and WSUA. Followrng the publication
-I' Ilia allegations against 'I‘obin in the November 11rd issue of the
ASP, lhc mayor had let it be known that he wished to present his side
of the story.

Mayor (Turning stated that all organizations rcsponsihlv for the
pollution had agreed to join the Albany sewage treatment project
when completed, and he charng that, as a result, the proposed
boycotl against 'l‘obin was "cntircly unfair."

Ila acknowledged, howevor, that plans for lhc two sewage
treatment plants have not yet been approved by the stale and federal
governnu-nt and that lhc city “couldn't do a thing until that review is
complete." lh- admitted as wall that slate authorities had not yet been
approached on the mailer of fees involved in conrwcting Albany
Slate's sewerage With the proposed county system.

0f ’I‘obin, Mayor Corning said,“’I‘hcy are rucapluring their fats,
taking out solids, lhi-y are providing some preliminary treatment
before waste goes into the Patroon Creek. They are doing everything
that the present state of luchnolugy would permit them to do. "

The New York State Ilcalth Department has charged 'I‘obin With
living the second worst pollult-r in the Albany Arua. Asked to explain

Continued on page H

by Al Sonia

An investigation conducted by this newspaper
during the past week has shown that Albany State
University dumps thousands of gallons of untreated,
raw sewage into Patroon Creek and the Hudson
River daily. The action is in direct violation of
Article 12 of the Public Health Law.

Mr. Weist, the Regional Water Pollution Control
Engineer for the Albany region was unable to give a
specific estimate of the amount of sewage involved.
"But you can make a crude estimate of 50 gallons
of sewage per person per day,“ he told this reporter.
And after considering the amount of garbage and
sewage produced by the cafeterias, residence halls,
and toilets on campus, he stated: “I would say the
amount is pretty well up there."

Thus Albany State finds itself a prime polluter of
Patroon (frock and the Hudson River. This places it
on a par with other major polluters in the Albany
area - including Tobin's.

The investigation involved interviews with Mayor
Erastus Corning, civil engineers, and officials of
both the Albany County and New York State
Health Departments. The extent of the pollution
problem and the university‘s role in il came to light
only after Mayor Corning Iclcphom-d President
Louis Bunczci last. week, reacting to an article on
Patroon Creek which appeared in theI “Albany
Student Press." The article detailed the role Tobin's
Montpacking Compain plays in polluting the Creek.

Corning stated that the university also playcs ii
major role in the destruction of the watrrway.
Bi-nczct reacted by appointing Plant Supervisor
John Buckoff and Walter Tisdulc to study the
problem and make a report to H. David Van Dykc
in the Community Relations Office. Tisdalc is
responsible for campus planning.

A study of the maps of Albany County‘s sewage
rind drainage system conducted by this reporter
reveals that. a sewer pipe carries all the sewage from
the north part of the campus (State and Colonial
Quads) into a manhole on the north side of
Washington Avenue. A pipe runs from this manhole
West into the City of Albany’s Patroon Creek Sewer
System, which leads directly into Patroon Creek,
west of Russell Road. The "creek," which more
closely resembles a floating drainage ditch, empties
into the Hudson.

The sewage from the southern part of the campus
is carried through a twelve inch sewer pipe into the
system of the New York State Office Campus
complex. From there, it moves into a manhole on
Western Ave., opposite Pinehurst Avenue. Eventual-
ly this sewage is also dumped into the Hudson,
flowing past an inadequate waste treatment plant
that cannot. handle the daily load.

Continued on page 9

 

