~ 9 r7 ‘9 1.... ’1' t~.—a~‘.>-4"v

PAGE 8

It couldn’t happen berg...
Violence on Colonial Quad

continued from page I

cut into the sewing line. Several
trays were overturned. The dinner
line was closed. There was “a lot
of movement" in the dining room,
but between the entrance of sever-
al security guards and the urging
of a black male student. the group
was quieted.

The blacks left the dining area
and congregated in the flag room
on State Quad. Rumors that a
group would proceed to the Cam-
pus Center Snack Bar at 11:00 pm
were never realized. No further
damage was reported after the flag
room incident.

Later on Wednesday night a
group of black students congreg-
ated outside Clinton Hall on Col-
onial Quad. Students in the Alpha
Pi Alpha section were told by an
RA to stay in their rooms. Blacks
ented the APA lounge area and
asked students to come out. “be-
cause all they wanted to do was
rap and get things out in the
open." Upon meeting no respon-
se. the black students left.

Peter Haley said that the tent.-
ative date for reopening Colonial
Quud’s dining facilities is Sat-
urday. Haley also said that no one
in FSA on Colonial Quad had quit
his job. contrary to many rumors
afoot.

"Sunday 's Incidents"

Sunday's outbreak began when a
black female student accompan-

led by her sister and brother
~in-law approached the Colonial
Quad food line. The student had a
meal card but her two guests. here
for the Black Cultural Weekend,
did not Nor did they have special
"guest passes" which food service
provided for the additional black
students on campus. The pass
entitled them to eat at a reduced
rate.

The guests were informed of the
plan in effect but refused to pay
and. with the student. proceeded
through the dinner line. The
checker summoned the quad food
supervisor who also explained
that the guests could not eat
without paying. The female stu-
dent replied that her guests would
eat “and there is nothing you (the
supervisor) can do about it."

At this point. the supervisor
confiscated the meal card in ac‘
cordancc with procedure specified
in back of the contract cards. (It
was returned Monday.) Then the
scuffling began. the student
punching and shipping the super-
visor. Apparently. licr blouse was
puller over her face, so the super-
visor could not identify who did
the punching. although she is cer-
tain more than one person was
involved. l-Ic hair was also pulled
while who was being punched.

A female resident assistant also
came to help. and it is alleged that
two black males assaulted her.
Blacks deny this. though marks
are visible on the side of her face

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

and eye. At any rate. the two
males remain unidentified at the
present

Some students and members of
the kitchen staff soon broken up
the fighting. Security was sum-
moned. and a report was filed.

The RA and supervisor were
taken to Albany Medical Center,
where they were x-rayed and re-
Ieasci'.

The student was arrested Mon-
day by security police and turned
over to Albany city police. There
was a hearing on Monday morn-
ing, the student was released on
ball.

“The A flermalh"

Those were the events up until
the early hours of Friday morn-
ing. There were no incidents
Thursday night. though the
campus remains somewhat tense
and further action cannot be ruled
out at the point.

Security police ate. in uniform,
at the two operating uptown
quads. this was in response to a
request by food service for protec-
tion for workers and students
during meal hours.

Haley pledged that further inci-
dents at any uptown quad would
be a cause for food service person-
nel to go on an immediate walk--
out which would completely close
down all Food Service operations.

Black Students’ Statement.

Continued from page I

convince a Black girl that she was stupid and should
drop the course. 'l'hcrefore there would be no

Blacks in the class.
9. Policemen peering through
windows.

10. Racism in regards to positions of dorm
directors. There are 20 positions and none are

Black.

11. Summer of 1969: When Blacks applied for R.
A. positions they were told that when they start
digging White people they become R.A.‘s.

12. WSUA White disc jockeys refused to play

end. This building is a parl of the university

community. Also
made about the conditions of the Main 'l‘Iicatrc
after the Black weekend.

“"1100

 

many complaints were

it). The Director of Housing gave students hassles

Black students”
I969.

about using residence quarli-rs (luring the summer of

20. In thLI moan of November :1 bus driver made a
remark that all Blacks should be killed.

21. Black students were told that they should have

their own games in their own league because no one
would referee thcir games.
22. Harassment of Black students on State Quad

 

FRIDAY. APRIL 17. 1970

 

 

Communications

 

 

 
 

requests for Black students last semester.

13. Racist R.A.'s on Dutch Quad have a racist
attitude toward Black students.

14. Dean of Nursing in interviews acts hostile
towards Black applicants by asking questions per-
taining to race.

15. White boys during the summer wrote deroga-
tory remarks towards Blacks on the pillars (Nigger).

16. The Blacks were told that they couldn't play
football on the grass but the whites could use the
grass for Frisbee (Dutch Quad).

17. The Varsity basketball coach is prejudiced.
Only one Black is on the team.

18. Bert Eversley was given an extremely difficult
time about using the Recital Hall for Black week-

 

whcn they wish to study or purchase food in the
basement of the tower after 1 l :00 p.m.

23. Three Black students were refused passage on
bus because they did not have l.D. Yet 5 white
students were allowed to board without showing
any l.D.

24. Residents Assistants told the cleaning people
that over the Easter vacation a certain suite in
Eastman 'I‘ower should not be cleaned.

25. A white man who checks meal tickets snatch—
ed a Black girl's meal card on April Ill.

26. A Black student has been threatened by a
fraternity saying that they were going to “kick his
1155.

27. A black girl is constantly being confronted by
instructors in Chemistry and Biology.

   

Sardines

Dear Sunya Sardine:

Right on! But. Mr. Sardine
don’t say you can‘t live off-
campus when its simply a case of
you don‘t want to.

I am an off-campus student, liv-
ing within walking distance ofthe
University bus line (12 min.) and
my heart bleeds for you.

I do not have money to burn.
far from it. but the difference in
price between University housing
and my share of apartment ex-
penses (2 people) is great enough
(about $2.00 a week this year)
that it is worthwhile to walk 12
min. in the cold for:

l. Privacy

2. Freedom (I unlock my own
door with one of two keys.)

3. Quiet (No parties or riots till
II a.m. when I want to sleep.)

it. Neighbors I don't have to
live with.

5. Relief from the white sterile
mound that is SUNYA in winter.

6. Colorch walls (Mint green.
very rest ful to the eyes.)

7. I like to burn candles

H. (The most important)
GOOD NUTRITION

I am not forced to buy a food
plan which serves tasteless food
from which all of the vitamins
have been cooked away. My food
is hot, not warm and made from
fresh foods. not surplus Govern-
ment Garbage. And I have a good
cup of coffee. not. University di~
urctic.

il. Nobody kicks me out on
holidays

If you learn to handle money.
learn how to bin and prepare
food. learn how to clean. and
how to do laundry you can live
better for less. It only requires a
willingness not to be pampered.

However. I do agree that sar-
dine packing is bad. especially in
view of Dr. 'I‘bornc's comment on
the suicide rate in unbroken. forc-
sh ortcncd semesters. Has Dr.
’I‘hornc also seen the suicide rate
for areas of extremely high popu»
lation density. It certainly creates
food for thought.

One suggestion. Why don't the
girls of Eastman tower demand
the return of one nights rental for

the night they were locked out of
their dorm. Fight on. Maybe 0n-
campus life can be made bearable.
Sincerely,

Free and Happy

(Name witheld)

CURE Support

To the University Community:
We. the undersigned academic
advisors and deans of University
College do hereby endorse the
CURE proposal and urge that it
be adopted at the April 20. 1970
University Senate meeting and
that it be instituted upon adop-

tion.

Mary Ansuini
Ronald Howells
Margaret Akom
Robert H. Gibson
Richard Collier
Michael Sliicnvold
Patricia Paine
Craig Springer
Lucille Pritchard
Kathryn Scbarl
Gerald Westcrvclt
Louis Saltrelli
R.A. McCracken
Bruce Gray
Theodore (Ted) Hi“
Paul Mann
William I'lonnick
William Becker
Betty lilando

ASP Policy

Dear Journalist Cell and 'I‘haycr:
May I comment briefly about
your editorial policy?
have serious rcscrvations
about it. It would seem that the
ASP should serve the entire uni-
versity community. It appears
that it is primarily an organ of ex-

pression fora minority segment of

the student body. The news col»
umiis represent biased reporting
procedures An effective news-
paper could and should work for
the interests of the eniirc student
body.

Are you equal to facing the
challenge?

Sincerely.
l‘l. Craig Sipc

 

asp staff

 

457-3430.
li'diim's
(ini'y (.‘cll uud

Il’ltlllllﬁlllg lz'rlilur
Ncum [Editors

Assistant Nun/s Ifdilors

.‘lr'ls Iz'iliior . . .  
Spur/s Editors

'l'cclinicalEditors  .

('ily Ifdilur , . .
Wiru Scruicci Edi/or
Iiusincss illunugcr
Circulation lllanugcr
I’rudnciion illunugcr
.«lrlccrlisiug lllunugcr
Nulinnai .-ld i'llunugcr
Photography it'dilnl' . .

 

The Albany Student Press is published twice a week by the
Student Association of the State University of New York at
Albany. The ASP editorial office is located in room 334 of the
(‘ampus (‘cnlcr building. This newspaper was founded by the
Class of I‘ll8 and is funded by student tax. ASP phones are
4573100 and 457-2l‘l4. If no answer. messages may be Icfl at

All communications should be addressed to Ilia editors and must be
signed. Name: will be witheld on request. Letters are llmiiad to 300
words and are subject to editing. Editorial policy of the Albany Sluduni
Press is determined by tho Editorsvin-Chlul.

in '(‘llit'f
.‘lllifrl ’I‘Iniycr

l‘ul U'Ilcrn
Nancy [Inn'in
('uml lluglics

. . .‘lih'cnl'u
l'iclri chdm

. Linda ll’ulcrs
li'oIn-rl [ioniilunl
Hill’t‘ Finlr

'I‘oni ('Iingun
Linda .S‘Iuszulr
Harry li'irsc/incr
.Il rulynn .‘l bm‘c
('linch Itihul:
Sharon l‘hilipson
(i‘lin‘lu Ilollisicr
.Icff Ii’odgcrs
I'hil II'I'unc/iini

. .‘lndy IIoc/ihcrg

 

 

 

  

FRIDAY, APRIL 17, 1970

ALBAN Y STUDENT PRESS

 

 

Communications

 

 

Making History

To the Editors,

Well, it's over. As much as any-
thing can be over at SUNYA. the
great Social Science Close-Out is
ended. The History department
has been given the Grad Assistant-
ships it demanded and has ceased
ﬁre.

To the history students who
attended the HSA meeting the
Tuesday before last. the issue
never was assistantships. King
Krosby gave a long speech on the
failure of the Administration to
grant new faculty lines to (hire
new faculty for) the department.
To those who thought lines were
the issue, you were wrong. The
faculty care more about GA‘s
than they do about better educa-
tion, which in this case means
more faculty.

The bald tactic of using stu-
dents as pawns has worked. and
we can count on being used again.
Whenever the faculty can “strike”
by putting the screws on the un-
dergraduates. they will.

But they will find out. as Perry
Silverman said in last Tuesday's
ASP. “individual pride will deter a
person from continuing to work
with those who have trodden
upon him." In a few years. the dc-
partment will find that their for-
mer undergraduates will not do
their dirty work.

We need more faculty in the
History department. and the time
to demand them is now. The fac-
ulty is quite satisfied willi the

RA‘s they have been given. but
the history students will never be.
In peace.
Tom Clingan

A Real Jew

Dear Mr. Shaw.

It is true that we Jews have a
rich and beautiful heritage, and I
fully sympathize with your con-
cern over its decline in Modern
America. But along with our edu-

cation ethic. our hospitality ethic
and our beautiful ceremonies and
holidays. is something we can do
well without - our paranoia.

At any time up to our genera-
tion “paranoia” would not be the
word. We have been persecuted
for centuries. Some kids are still
brought up in fear of competition
with the N.Y.C. Jews. But this
generation, particularly our Gen-
tile brothers and sisters in the Uni-
versity community. are not buy~
ing.

Sure. the stereotypes aren't
gone. They will only be obliteratv
ed when those people who hold
them in their heads interact with
Jews - Jews who don't consider
themselves outsiders and so don’t
act as outsiders. For anti-Semitism
is often in the eye of the be-
holder. We can never live up to
the ideals of our Torah by hiding
behind the Star of David.

Yours in peace
Trying to be a Real Jew
Name witheld

Helping Kids

Dear Students.

After hearing all the gripes of
students one group decided that it
was time for the University to get
involved in the community. The
organization was set up; and was
decided that on weekends chil-
dren from Albany's South End
would be brought on campus and
shown “a plain. good time." no
altruistic motives just a good time.
A meeting was called in November
and the turn-out was wonderful.
The first activity was set up alid
only ell students were to be used.
the remaining students were told
that there was plenty of activities
to come.

The committee planned activi—
ties and at the last meeting only
11 students show up. Prior to this
we mimeod 800 leaflets and 10
poster which were handed out
around campus. Often it is said
that students today want a worth-
while activity to expend there
efforts in.

The KIDS committee has pre-
sented some and it‘s time for the
students to act. (The next activity
is April 25 if enough people show-
ed up). Although the 11 students
who came were truly interested.
the projects need many more of
you. the student body.

Larry Pfeffer

0n Jazz

Bob Rosenblum—

I just finished reading your arti-
cle Jazz in the ASP and I agree
with you all the way. For the last
two years. I have enjoyed the jazz
festival as a welcome relief from
the constant rock concerts
SUNYA always comes up with.
Personally, I enjoy jazz but. in
general. I agree with you that the
festival gave a chance for a cul—
tural education in music. And.
really. after Greek Weekend, there
is no need to have more rock
groups right now.

There is much in right-now jazz
that could really turn on a lot of
people. Although the concerts
were never packed. they were
never empty; and I feel that more
and more young people are be-
coming aware. Also. I hardly
think that the fact that half of the
people at the concerts were adults
is something to frown at. At last
year's Concerts (especially Elvin
Jones and Olatungi) many black
people from the area were in
attendance.

I just can't buy Mr. Lichen—
stcin‘s justification for including
rock with jazz—maybe be just
isn't aware of what has been and
is going on in jazz today. The
musicians are rich and varied and
to distract from the substance of
jaw. by the inclusion of rock is ll
bit of a cultural crime. They are
two different things. Mr. Lichen-
stein would do better to come up
with a good jazz program—heaven
know he has a lot to pick from—
and he might be surprised at the
success he can have. Geri Mame

'70

 

visitations

 

 

 

On Wednesday. in thc midst of the nations
spectacular anti-war movement. Albany State's
handful of radicals "boldly" pouer into "I’coplc's
Park" on l.llt‘ west end of the podium.

If nothing clsc thcsc pcoplc arc lo bc admier for
their nerve in trying to takc the university with a
force not much larger than tlic Univcrsity's action
ready security squad. Some of [hr-m \vndcd through
the concrete l'lowcr pots in lbc ccnlcr of the
podium making fruitless appcnls for support. 'l‘bc
students. satisfied with lhcir concrete sun spots.
were difficult to diffcrcnlintc from lln- slom- on
which they rested. lichind llll‘ campus ci'iltcr
yesterday‘s Iovc children \vcrc no morc .it‘t'ccli-tl by

the nppcnl to action. and rcmaincd commillcd to
their l'risbccs.

A failure for the radical Nl,()("' Many \vrll l‘t‘jtllt‘l'
at this idea as I thought I would.

After watching the Moratorium Day I'Vl‘lllh “II III“
news I rcalizod that. if “I’coplc's l'nrk ' is a fmlurc it
is a failure that belongs to all of us.

The left appears to want the sonic lliings wr- huvc
all been bitching about for ycars: an cud to the war.
iln end to racism. and cod to pollution for thc sakc
of profit. and and to polilical trials and polilicali~
ties. etc.

The New Left has reviewed llicsc problems as
unsepurublc while we've vicwcd them as nl‘ptll‘illl'
entities and established a systcm ol' priorilu-s that
keeps Blacks waiting while wc courageously cud Illl'
war.

The difference between the majority of lib and Ilu-
New Left is a difference of lllt'zllls. Wc want
spectacular rallii-s and educalion of the people and
they want action. _

I question sumo of the ways in which wcvc
attacked today‘s radicals. Surc Slit-i lnul problems
with ego'trips and l'ragim-nlalion just as all groups
4*

  

I ' ~ I ) ~ \I I
lTlIe Albany Student Prch will not publish luesday. Apnl 21, to allow .staft Incmers to Ltlt‘lll'lllt. the
. Jewish Holidays. The next issue will appear Friday. Apnl 24,

have, If they worc not in some way scrcwcd up by
socicty why would they be rcvolulionarics? ’l‘hc
grculcst objection to radicals is their frequent
adVocalion of violence. It's becoming increasingly
difficult to say “why don't you be a nicc guy and
lislcn." lo llic plrpclualnrs of genocide. IIIl‘ im-
prisoncrs whosc pollution is ccrlain to kill us all if
radical priorilics aren't mot. 'I'his is a violent society
and always has bci-n. l’i-rbaps llic radicalsuro simply
living rc islic.

I think my animosity to radicals has bccn based
largely on my own fears Do I really lwlicvv that
Vllllt'lli't' shouldn't Iu- uscd against llic police who
conspircd lo dcstory protesters in (ihlcago and a
nation \vhosi- Iii-\vi-sl ('IA sponsored Icndcr ((‘anr
bodia) is carrying on a rcign ol' gcnocidc only
surpassed by our own In Vietnam? Probably I‘ve
just bccn scan-d shit of getting my own Iii-ad busted
so I call myself noii~vioh~nl. The radical movmncnt
also called for a total commilment lhal may force
Inc to kick over thc sccuri- nest l'vc bccn eagerly
building for myself.

So who has fuih-d'.’ Wc'vc Iiud our Weekends Ill
Washington and our candle-lit marches. \Vc'vc sliuul
by while a small number from our mass rcsislcd for
us and went to jail. By and large wc'vc respected the
appeals of our lihcral politician friends and haven't
broken any laws.

The war still goes on growing. ()ur air gcts worsc
cvcrv day. lnsccticides are constantly being out-
lawrid for cerlain uses but not for sale; so profits are
still booming. (ii-nocidc is still the norm. and Blacks
slill the politicians toy. We‘ve had a great time doing
our three or four time a vcar pence thing.

I think it's time to search inside ourselves and take
a new look at lhc “New Left."

Name Withheld

 

Comment

Editorial

 

Cure Implies Maturity

There are some that envision the passage of the CURE proposal as
creating more problems than will be solved.

Any type of freedom creates certain responsibilities. But somehow it
must be possible for education to proceed as students define their
own needs. This means that faculty and administration will no longer
be able to implement arbitrary advice and advisement will become
more important.

Students will no longer be able to rationalize poor performance with
the complaint that a particular course had no appeal to him and he
was “only fulfilling a requirement."

Administrators must show the maturity to trust students to take
care of themselves. Administrators can make a large contribution to
the educational community if they learn when to step back when they
are no longer needed. Individual maturity from all of us is not too
great a price to pay for education.

With the implementation of the liquor policy and 24-hour open
houses. students were allowed to control their own bodies. The CURE
proposal can free our minds. and maybe some day our spirit will be
liberated. too.

At first there may be some mechanical difficulties. Enrollment in
required courses may drop. and attract fewer. but more interested
students. This is legitimate and unavoidable. Professors will waste less
of themselves. where they are not appreciated. Resources may need to
be shifted but this is not a real problem. and simply requires some
administrative implementation.

The end of requirements will not affect the “well-rounded" student.
The “wellvrounded” student is a myth. Learning tools rather than a
mass of knowledge should be the end of undergraduate education.
Required courses do little to sharpen learning skills; unless one accepts
cramming as a life-style.

The CURE proposal will not cure all problems of the university. but
it is an useful beginning. A T

Wrongs of Spring

llaving witnessed last month's rites of spring. we present a
considerably sliorlcncd list of the wrongs ofspring:

TXO brothers accosling everyone who walks into the Campus
(‘cntcr until each individual sinks $30 in nickels into the Muscular
Dystrophy cause. dry fountains. . .NLOC's weekly (weakly?)
Wednesday People's Park picnic. . ALC pledges. arrayed in leotards.
dancing in the fountain. . .

Professors who refuse to hold classes outside. fearing their classes
will be just as stuffy as when held inside. . .tlic Education Department
behaving more secretly than the (‘IA when it comes to releasing
student teaching assignments . . .lhe front of the Campus Center
littered with reams of worthless leaﬂets. ..

People who write more than one letter a week to the editors. .
People who never \vrilc letters lo the editor. . .pcoplc who sit in the
library on a beautiful day. . .pcoplc who sit in class on a beautiful day.
.pcoplc who don‘t make every day a beautiful day. . .

G.C.

Passing Over

last night (‘cnual (‘ouncil oucc again proved ils irresponsibility.
They in no way considcrcd lllc rcsulls of thc Passover boycott
icfcicndum a rcl'cicndum initiach by (‘ouncil itself.

The i'clcicinllliii was. L'Ulltlllt‘lt'tl by Polilical and Social Positions:
('ommillcc who considcmlcly icrcalcd llic results lo ('cnlral Council
but did nol lakc any further action. I’Sl’ complcicly washed their
hands of the icl'cicmlum aftci tlisliibuling a memo mcrcly listing the
Icsulls.

llowcvci. |’Sl"s basic irresponsibilin docs nol frcc ('cmral (‘ouncil
from blamc. ('ouncil should have askcd I’Sl’ for further rcconmicmla-
1mm Wc admit Illi') may h;ch had a busy nighl WIIII an appropriation
icqucsl fol an Illlt‘lilL‘llUll ('cnlci and Ilic formation of a committee Io
invcsligalc allcgcd Illculcnls of racism. but should they ignore a
follow-up on prcviom action? 'l'bc :mswci iscmplialically NO.

II is hcrcby pioposcd that the following be cnaclcd: that each
('cnlral ('oimcil mcmbci lL‘t'CIVU a piece of egg null/.oli for thcii
non-actions lliis \vcck and dial this bill lakc cl'fccl immediately (I
move us :ltlupllilll.) G.(i.

On Earth Action

The canlh l.\' finilc. Wc muxl stop the inlinilc conquest of the earth.
To do whis \vc act-(I a basic change in our life style. The intention of
liath Day is to smnulatc awareness. This should not be confused with
actually doing soniclliing to solve the problem. Awareness may lead to
action. but iI is nol in ilsclf aclion. Wednesday could be a beginning.
It is important llial malcrslantling precede action. but action must
begin sometime. Ajp

NOTICE
University Food Service extends its gratitude to those students
and staff members who assisted in Clearing the aftermath of
Wednesday night‘s events on Colonial Quad.
It was quick action on the part of the students which will facilitate'
an earlier opening of the cafeteria. .
Sincere thanks from Food Service. '

 

 

 

 

 

 

