   

 

‘-«y—

I; "I

gussoar. OCTOBER 20, 1970

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE 8

 

Statewide Comment

The recent rulings which grant University administrations the
power to review and censor the appropriations of student
governments on campuses in New York pose an intolerable threat
to student autonomy. The procedures that have been established

, by the Eigecutive Committee of the Board of Trustees allow
University presidents to impose their own political beliefs and
biases on the entire system of student governance.

This system inust be eliminated, and the rights of students to
self-governance must be upheld. it is vital that the Student
Associations of the State University (SASU) take immediate
action at its October 24th meeting to insure that these rights are
reclaimed.

The attempt to sabotage student rights in New York State not
only deprives students of the freedom to run their campus
activities; indeed, it threatens the guaranteed constitutional
principles of self-determination and political expression.

At the meeting this Saturday, therefore, student governments
must take immediate action reasserting their sole, legitimate
authority over the disbursment of student activity fees. They
must move as quickly as possible toward freeing thenrselves from
the crutch of mandatory student 1 es. it is this crutch that
fostered the present situation that does not allow students to
govern themselves.

if all that emerges is pious rhetoric or statements of principle,
then student association leaders will have failed in their first
responsibility: protecting the freedom of that government.

From that meeting should emerge a call for a statewide
referendum on mandatory fees and plans for an effective
campaign to educate the student voters to the necessity for
voluntary fees. Front that meeting, as well. should emerge the
basis for a plan for the implementation of a voluntary fee. For ll
is apparent that student governments must now "enforce" their
own collection through price differentials and through rendering
the use of their facilities and membership in their clubs,
contingent on the payment of fees. In short, student governments
must move immediately to a separate corporate status.

The matter is urgent. Never has the need for constructive and
collective action been greater. To allow the situation to worsen is
to surrender irralieuablc rights. Student ASSthltllittrr leaders face
the responsibility of reclaiming the authorit) they have stir-
rendered through dcpendency on state and university protection.

A Living Wage

The Faculty Student Association has been guilty of gross
inconsideration toward students by its reluctance to raise the base
wage rate of SLRS. It is the height of inconsistency to maintain
an organization that is supposedly geared toward serving the
students while at the same time refusing to pay those students a
decent living wage.

Promises that the wage rate may soon increase do not erase the
bad image that FSA has accrued to itself by this policy. Moreovcl.
the wage that is indicated, SLXS docs rtot go far enough toward
establishing a living wage. No one in W70 cart live on an income
that is less than $2.00 an hour, particularly when that income is
docked by the time allotted for meals.

 

   
    
   
  
 

 
     

 

 
  

lE‘YffE EIP . lCH BEEN BU I
E” I TllEngﬂfl-‘T BOARD FREAK! Trt'lolglnMEYRo'gAgs FRO
0" BAT WAS? '- ou,rs rm ALL? .,—,.- stDELtNES.
Eie HE coM WELL,coME 0N, , 0m, THE
H ’ on r r
AGAIN, 4F, MAN!

 

 
   

 
 
   

TERML! BECAUSE DEM
thlA‘fDlCK NIXON DECREED
0th RECLASS/FIC‘ATIONS

 

   
  

  

 

r FOR YOU Filo/Vt

  

MISTER SERGEANT,
ME 15th

REMEMBER WM 25 DEFERMENT

 
    
  
   
     
     

    
       
  
 
     

     

  

 

For Blind People Only

by Elmore J. Bowes

On a wall in a New York City
post office hangs a sign which
reads, and 1 quote, "No dogs
allowed, except for seeing eye
dogs." Now, it could be that you
see nothing at all wrong with a
sign like this; could be. However,
if you give it a little thought
you'll realize that only blind peo-
ple have seeing eye dogs and blind
people can't read signs. But then.
maybe it wasn't meant for blind
people; maybe. It could be that it
was meant for sighted people,
with dogs, in which case someone
has decided that one dog is better
than another dog. Now, just to
show you how simple I am it had
occurred to me that, just as peo-
ple are people, dogs should be
dogs, Of course, some are tall and
some are short, some are light and
some are dark but all are dogs
nevertheless. This is obviously a
ridiculous assumption.

Perhaps I‘m making too much of

this. Possibly someone simply
made a mistake. But then, if we
accept this as just a mistake why
hasn't someone corrected it'.’ Just
too minor to deal with, huh?
There are much more important
things to worry about. right?
Right! Things like...thc war, for
instance. All right, thatsecms like
a valid argument, on the surface
anyway, but if we look deeper we
see the some mistakes being made
there, too. An example? O.K.,
how's this, according to the pre-
sent administration, and recent
administrations, the reason we are
militarily represented in southeast
Asia is to insure the freedom of
the southeast Asian people, cor-
rect? OK, now the usual argu-
ment is why don't we insure the
freedom of the people here first.
Pcrsonnally I find this to be a
valid argument however, this is
not the mistake i had in mind.
instead, let's assume that it makes
some sense for us to be there, that
our fighting for freedom is justi-

fied. O.K., so we’re over there
(not here) fighting...for peace,
spending a great deal of money, in
an attempt to bring freedom and a
better life to the Asian people. If
this is true then how come we're
fighting? I mean, it would seem to
me, that if freedom is our goal,
instead of fighting our money
Would be better spent in peaceful
endeavors. For example, the go-
vernment could help support the
Care program, or the SS. Hope
Medical shop, or Radio Free Eur-
ope, or offer better salaries to the
Peace Corps volunteers. Maybe
even the USO could get some of
the funds, especially since they
deal directly with the servicemen.
And why doesn't the government
adopt a few foster children? In
fact, why don't they adopt a lot
of foster children?

But then, like thinking all dogs
are dogs, these suggestions are
ridiculous but, it does give you
something to think about, doesn’t
it?

God Wouldn’t Budge

by Barry Kirschner

Once upon a time, the world
was pretty empty There was only
one man, and he didn‘t even have
a name. Rumor has it that he was
a damn good fellow, so this
chronicle will call him A-damn.
A~damn was pretty happy with his
female partner, Even, though they
didn't have things like movies and
television. They tried to make the

 

albany student press

editor~inschicf
trail! 8. shmruhan

associate news editors

sports editor
city editor . . . . . . . . . . . . .
business manager

production manager
photography editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
circulation manager . . . . . . . .

ASP are copyright 1970 by the Albany Student Press.

Editorial policy I: determined by the EditorAin-Chief.

 

managing editor . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . .uralyrlrt abure
news editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . carol hughcs
. . . hob wurriur

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . uiclu' zeldin
arts editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Iinda waters
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . duue fink
elmore bowes
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .chuck ribuk

advertising manager . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . jef/ rodgcrs
technical editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .tom clingan
associate technical editors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . sue seligson

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . dan williams
A . . t A . . . . i . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . gloria hollislcr
. . . . . . jay roseuberg
. . . . . . . . . . . . . sue [aulhrrer

The Albany Student Press I: located in room 326 of the Campus Center at
the State University of New York at Albany. The ASP was founded during a
particularly low period of the first World War, and is funded by InvoluntaryI
student tax. Our telephone numbers are 457-2190 and 2194. Contents of the I

Communications are limited to 300 words and are subject to editing.

most of their positions, proving
themst-IVt-s ablc.

Wanting to move to the suburbs,
they sought eviction from their
country garden. When asked Why
they wanted to leave their original
home, A-damn and Evert only said
that they wanted to avoid the
wrath of god (who was raising
cam). By this time Atlamn‘s wrl'e
bore two children, and there was
no telling how many children
would have her-n bored if they
only ale fruit and vegetables.

, ’l'hey traveled to their new home
,by ship. A-damn got scu sick
which allowed Even more time to
skipper the boat. The oldest son
proved to be a very able member
of the crew, but the second son
didn't want to follow orders.
Throughout the entire trip he was
thinking of the Calne mutiny.
When the voyage was completed
no grudges ware fell against the
second son, a Christian act indeed.

Eventually more people started
popping up and the world got to
be a pretty groovy place. They

 

 

‘“ ’1 maria am 1m.

still didn't. have movies or tele-
visions but comedians like Mel
Brooks entertained regularly.
Everything was going well until
somebody asked what purpose life
has. For no apparent reason this
made everybody around para»
noitl. All of a sudden people
started asking questions like Why?
and what is reality‘.’

These questions, and others like
them, were causing turmoil in soci-
ety. Masses flocked Lu the indi.
viduals of high status like
O'ltcilly, and Hoover, and Mitch-
t-ll for answers, but they didn‘t
know from shit. People were up-
set about their inability to find
direction, and even the invuutrou
of the compass didn't help.

Then people decided to petition
god. A flock of leaders went to
this shrub that was on fire and
stat'tcd asking questions of it. The
shrub didn't talk much and the
leaders got furious, demanding
answers. What about free will‘.’ Do
we how it or not? How about
purpose? What‘s purpose?
Soon the crowd was yelling,

“What do we want'.‘ purpose

When do we want it?" now

What do we wantipurpose

When do we want it--now

Purpose now! Purpose now!"

God didn't tlttllk too highly of
the methods of his petitioners,
but realich that if he didn't
answer quickly, they might burn
tlll the shrubs down. lie agreed to
speak with a few of the organizers

U “1'

of the insurrection about the is-
sues involved. The meeting was
boiled in god's office.

There were about It) demands
discussed and god gave in on each,
but then said he hurl [0 com-
mandments of his own. Quoting
John Arbuckle he said “you get
what you pay for,“ so don't, ex-
pect something for nothing. The
only questions still to be discussed
were those of purpose and free
will.

God wouldn‘t budge on the pur-
pose demand, leaving that for man
himself to decide. The resolution
of the free will problem was
W()t'k(‘t’l on for quite some time
lit-fort- one of god‘s admilnstrutrvc
assistants proposed a compromisi-
acceptable to all. Under this plan
any man could (ll‘l‘lfll' his own
destiny, as long as It was an
unhappy one.

Needless to say this was a montr
mental decision. Because of it we
can read about Oedipus, llanrlet,
Willy human or anyone else
whose fates seem to run parallel
to our own. Most have decided
not tu bother with the free will
clause (clause 22 In the covenant)
'l'hose that havu, have lived and
died or are somewhere lit the
process.

And what of god" He sits proud
of himself in his house of warship
wondering how people can he so
stupid to bargain with the guy
who makes the rules.

 

        

PRICE FIVE CENTS OFF CAMPUS

 

AlbanySludent Press

Vol. lVll No. 29

lg

Albany Position

This nation has taken another step in the repression of individual
rights and liberties.

Within the past week, twenty-five indictments have been handed
down by a grand jury which investigated the Kent State tragedy and
eighteen indictments by a Brockport grand jury student activities
during the strike.

Fifteen students and faculty at Kent State have been arrested: ten
more will be arrested shortly. Even the student body president has
been placed behind bars and charged with inciting the Kent State
disturbances. Incredibly, the National Guard has been cleared of all
responsibility.

The grand jury action at Kent State directly contradicts two other
reports prepared for the government. One was written by a national
commission headed by William Scranton, former Republican Gov-
ernor of Pennsylvania. It called the student deaths at Kent State
“completely unnecessary."

The second report was prepared by the F.B.I. It concluded that
sixty-one shots were fired by the Guard at point-blank range and that
the shootings were “unprovoked.”

Even James Ahern, the New Haven Police Chief, has constantly
stated that the student deaths could not be justified. But the Grand
Jury has disagreed and now students, faculty, and even the student
government president have been placed in jail. They, not the Naitonal
Guard, have been blamed for the deaths of the four students.

Meanwhile. at. the State University College at Brockport, eighteen
indictments have been handed down by the local grand jury for
student activities during last year’s strike.

Once again, civil liberties and the objective rule of law have been
pushed aside by irrational fear and rhetoric. This is another in a long
series of dangerous precedents. How long can we continue to allow
the selective denial of justice and life? How long can we keep our eyes
closed and not cry out, in protest? How long will it be before what
occured at. Kent State and at Brockport State happens at other
colleges in America? How long before it happens here?

Students across the country acting at the request of the student
president of Kent State are mobilizing for a nationwide moritorium
this Friday; a clay of reflection to protest the Grand Jury '5 action.

Here at Albany State there will be workshops at 9:00 am. Friday
morning and a memorial service Friday at 12:30.

We, acting as concerned individuals on the Albany State campus,
urgently call for the members of the university community to put
aside their daily routines to join together in this time of national
concern.

We think of the continuing destruction of personal liberty. We think
of the events last spring. We think about the deaths that have occurred
in this country—at Kent, at Augusta, at Kansas, at Jackson, at
Chicago, in Vietnam, in Cambodia, in Laos. And most of all, we fear
for what we are becoming.

Mark Anthony, S.M.C.

Mark Belkin, S.M.C.

Phil Cantor, Senator

J. Stephen Fluvin, C.P.S.

John Foeth, Y.S.A.

Doug Goldschmidt, Free School

Joc Kaiser, Chairman, LAAC

Leonard Kopp, Chairman, Student Affairs Council
Michael Lampcrt, V.P., S.A.

David Neufeld, President, S.A.

Al Seniu, ASP Reporter

Neill Shanahnn, Editor-in~Chief, ASP

Steve Villuno, Chairman, N.D.C.

Robert Warner, News Editor, ASP

Dick Wesley, Central Council, Senate
('l‘l’l‘lrES ARE FOR INFORMATION ONLY)

Last year's May strike
brought students protesting
the US. Cambodian stand,

the Kent tragedy,

and thc Panther trial,

to downtown Albany.

iior'h fir'rg

2‘: now—owl... a....‘._as._...

Albany

State University of New Yorlt at Albany

Friday. October 23. l970

Reaction to Kent

Memorial Service Called

by Martha Nathanson

Fifteen student leaders at
Albany State issued a joint call
late Wednesday night for the Uni-
versity community to take part in
a day of reflection. This came in
response to plea by Craig Mor-
gan, student govarnment leader at
Kent State, for a moratorium by
students across the country to
protest the indictment of 25 Kent
State students and faculty mem-
bers.

The Albany statement issued in-
cluded background on the indict-
ments handed down by the Grand
Jury in Ohio and also the eighteen
indictments at Brockport.

Throughout the day, eight work-
shops are being held, all dealing
with the topic of repression of
civil liberties in America. The
workshops start at 9:00 and run
until 3:00. A memorial service is

planned for this afternoon at
whi Dr. 0. William Perlmutter,
Dean of the College of Arts and
Sciences will be the keynote
speaker. A service is also being
prepared by the campus ministry.

Last night Central Council voted
to endorse the concopt of a mem-
orial service and also urged that all
members of the University Com-
munity participate in the Friday
workshops. President Benezet
issued a memorandum stating that
he hoped that the memorial ser-
vice would include “diseussion of
rational steps that can still be
taken to explain the University to
the American people."

Within the last few days, Stud-
ent Mobilization Committee has
held several meetings to support
the Kent 25, and decide on action
for today. One student brought
up the idea of picket lines to
convince the students not to go to
classes. However this was not

Kent State 25:
Moratorium Urged

by Stephanie DiKovics

The indictment of 25 members
of the student body and faculty
of Kent State University by an
Ohio Grand Jury has aroused a
considerable reaction across cam-
puses nation-wide.

The indictment resulted from an
investigation by the Jury into last
May's incidents at Kent State.
Included in the findings of the
jury was the determination that,
“those who acted as participants
and agitators are guilty of deliber-
ate, criminal conduct. Those who
were present as cheerleaders and
onlookers, while not liable for
criminal acts, must morally as-
sume a part of the responsibility
for what occurred."

No National Guardsmen were
indicted by the Grand Jury al-
though both the Ohio Grand Jury
and the President's Commission
on Campus Unrest, headed by
William Scranton, concluded that
the Guardsmen held responsibility
in the incident, only students and
faculty were indicted. Concerning

the National Guard, the Grand
Jury stated:

“It should be made clear that We
do not condone all of the activi—
ties of the National Guard on the
Kent State University campus on
May 4, 1970. We find, however,
that those members of the Nation-
al Guard who were present on the
hill adjacent to Taylor Hall on
May 4, 1970, fired their weapons
in the honest and sincere belief
and under circumstances which
would have logically caused them
to believe that they would suffer
serious bodily injury had they not
done so. They are not, therefore,
subject to criminal prosecution by
the lam of this state for any
death or injury resulting there-
from."

The Ohio Grand Jury exoner-
ated the Guardsmen, the Scranton
Commission found “that the
Iii-second burst of M-l rifle fire
that killed 4 students was ‘unjust‘
ified and inexcusable’." It. is this
inconsistency in the dcterminu‘
tion of blame which has caused
student leaders to call for a na-
tionwide moratorium on October
31.

 

planned for as not many present
were in favor of it. ’A major
problem was to publicize activities
and inform the rest of the com-
mu nity of what was going on.

At other colleges throughout the
state, meetings were held last
night to plan" actions. There will
be marches downtown at SUNY
at Binghamton, SUNY at Buffalo,
and at Syracuse University.

Arrests at
Brockport

by Maids Oringher

Seventeen black ﬁnder!“ and
one white professor have been
indicted at Brockport State Col-
lege. They havetbeen charged with
rioting, criminal mischief, assault,
arson and attempted coercion dur-
ing the strike held last May. Some
of the students are members of
the Black Liberation Front; most
are on EOP or Summer Start
Programs. The professor, a
woman, taught at Brockport last
year.

The Monroe County Grand Jury
issued the sealed indictments and
these were publicly announced by
the D.A., Jack Lazarus, on Octo-
ber 2. Since then, three have been
arrested and 15 have surrendered.

On a recent telephone interview,
Brian Knapp, editor of the Brock-
port campus newspaper and an
organizer of last year's strike, stat-
ed that the indictments were not
served sooner because “the DA.
wanted to avoid violence on cam-
pus."

Since the indictments have been
served, the administration build-
ing, the science building and four
classrooms have been bombed
simultaneously. A “defense” rally
was held on October 12 by five
“interested” students Walt
Steward, President of Student
Government; Dave Combs, an or-
ganizer of a proposed weatherman
faction on campus; Pat Gilliam,
one of the indicted; Larry Gos-
tein; and Dave Copeland. At this
rally, the need for "unity" and
"solidarity" were stressed. 400
students attended.

Those “interested” students and
people sympathetic to their cause
have been collecting money from
citizens in Rochester and in the
surrounding area to be used as bail
bond; several professors have also
signed the bail bond. Although
the bail, as originally set, totaled
$40,000, the DA. “re|cnted"and
the fee has been reduced to
$9,000.

Jerry Lefcourt, head defense at-
torney for the Panther 21 in New
York City, Dick Gregory and Jane
Fonda are expected to speak at
the campus in order to raise
money for the Broclrport iii.

A questionnaire has been dis-
tributed among the Brockport stu-
dents asking for opinions concern-
ing the indictments. Most com-
mon replies were: “I just want to
be left alone," “Last year‘s strike
accomplished nothing," and
"Black students are hostile to me,
now they are risking us to give."

According to Knapp "there has
been no concerted effort by the
leaders to invoch the campus in
their cause; the student goveru<
ment must organize!"

 

