    

  
 
   
   
    

 

 

 

 

by William Rohde

On a sunny September day in I968 a new figure
appeared on the SUNYA campus. He was tall, rather
heavy',’ and decked out in fancy tan cowboy boots,
blue jeans, and a well worn brown corduroy coat.
His name was Gerry Wagner.

At ﬁrst he might have been mistaken for a folk
singer passing through. It turned out that Gerry
Wagner was not a folk singer passing through. To
the contrary, he was a bonaftde faculty member--
assistant professor and all. He had been hired for
two years by tlte Department of Speech (now the
Rhetoric and Public Address Department) to round
out a program weak in “communication theory." As
it turned out many realized Gerry Wagrtcr was giving
them more than they bargained for. it all started
when Kathleen Kendall. Acting (‘ltairmttn of the
department. handed him a letter Dccertrber l5,
l969 tellirtg him ltis contract wouldn't be renewed.

For Gerry Wagner it was the last straw. As far as
lte could see tltcrc was tto reasort for terminating his
contract. He felt tltat the hundreds of stttdcrrls
regularly seeking him ottt for ltelp and advice was
proof ertottglr of his value as a teacher. l‘ttrthermorc.
he was angered by the way ltis non-renewal was
grarttcd. The letter ltc received on December 15 gave
tto reasons why he had not received renewal. “it was
a cold. abrasive way rrf dealrng wrtlr a lttrtttart
being." says \Vagncr'.

The issues rrtvolvcd trt Wagner's non-renewal :rrc
complex.“ Isn‘t simply a case of indivrtlual animosi-
Iy over art unfavorable tlcctsron. Accorditrg to l'r‘cd
('oltcn. a lawtcr and friend of Wagner's. tlte trrarrt
issue is procedure “'l'ltc wa) rt stands now tlretc is
rto due process tor terttt rcneuals. 'fcaclrcrs ttt
(ict'ry‘s pttstlttttt are in a sense Academic Niggers
who are at the \\lrnn ol'tlrcn tlcptttllttcttls. l‘ltc} are
expected to rule oft trtto the sttlt\t‘l it the) are not
rehired."

liy dttc process ('olren is referring to [lie lack of it
specific criteria for non-renewal. Wagner. for exartt-
ple. received no reasotrs for his non-renewal. He
tried several titties to obtain this information. ltr
letters to l’restdent Ktrrrsisto; Kathleen Kendall: 0.
William l’erlmnttcr. Dcart of tlte ('ollege of Arts and

Sciences: artd (‘lrarles (‘olman. Associate Dean of

Humanities Ire requested specific reasons. Only

 

Colman replied, and, according to both Wagner and
Colman, the letter simply stated that “proper
procedures have been followed."

The vagueness and the absence of information itt
the letter seemed uncalled for-after all, a man‘s
careerwasat stake. Interestingly, however, it’s alt
perfectly “legal.” There is nothing in the Faculty
Handbook for 1969-70 which says faculty members
must be told why they are not renewed. It simply
states that non-renewal for instructors and assistant
professors must be given “no later than February
IS."

The procedure involved irt the Wagner decision is
equally vague. According to Dean Perlmutter it is
“normal procedure" for individual departments to
handle firing and ltiring. (‘onccrning his own role.
Perlmutter emphasized that, “Hiring of staff is
purely a departmental affair. I did rtot personally
meet or interview Gerry Wagrter when he was hired.
The department rcconunertded his appointment arid
l rotrtirrely endorsed it. Likewise they made the
decision rtot to renew."

In effect. l’erlntuttcr is saying it is normal policy
to let departments decide, The problertr here ts also
procedural, .lrrst as a faculty member irt Wagner's
position need rtot he givert reasons, so department
clrairrtterr need not follow any specific criteria for
determining renewal The Guidelines on (‘ontirtuing
Appointments til the l'ttctrlty llandbook stale tltal
three tlrtngs should be taken rttto accounl--tcaclring.
scholarship. and \ctvrccs to SUNYA or appropriate
external groups It irt no way otttlittcs how a
department clranntart Is to dctcrrninc if a rttarr meets
these qrtalilrctrtrons.

llt Wagner's case Acting ('harr'ntau Kendall used
cortfidcrttral questronnarrcs‘ crtcttlatcd irt full 100‘)
artrortg Rl’A faculty members artd rrraiors. According
to Kendall. \I\‘ ol faculty members
rcccivrng the qrtcstrrnrnane responded. The RI’A

the eight

ll|.t|trI\ were cotttptrsctl of two groups. those tltat
graduated tn the spring of No” and those that were
rnarors during the fall semester. 'l‘lnec of eight of
the first group. and three of fifteen of the second
group responded. Thus otrt of twenty-six students
polled by Kendall, six responded. After receiving
written replies frottt those who wished ttr respond.
Kendall relates that she “conveyed tltc wishes of the
department to l'.llllCl Mathew. Dean of l’ersortel.
who subsequently wrolc the letter irrfotrrrirrg Wag-
tter of his non«terrc\\'al,

"flte Rhetoric and
Public Address Depart-
ment ltus acted accord-
ing to established
University policy.
Under this policy a
department is not obli-
gated to give reasons
for non~renewrtl."

Katlrleert Kendall. Acting Chairman
of the Rl'A Department

 

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS TUESDAY; MARCH 10, 1970

 

THE GERRY WAGNER CONTROVERSY

The “Save Gerry” campaign tcomes to a close as Wagner

receives one year term renewal

 

Kathleen Kendall

 

' Dean Perlmutter

  
 
   
  
 
  
 
  

President Kuuslsto

   
  
 
  
 
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

t\‘
\\ s
\

\\\\\\

s \\

   

Assoclrtte Dean Colman

There is a conflict here. however. Although
Kendall polled six of the eight RPA staff, and
although she attempted to elicit responses from
majors in her departtnent. she did not reveal the
content of these responses. Fttrtherntore, many
argue that since only six of twenty-six students
replied to the questionnaire the results do not
represent a majority of student opinion iii the
department. In her dcfertse Kendall states that she
promised to keep all responses “strictly confr-
dential," but there is still the fact that no one is sure
how the faculty and students responded.

Another discrepancy revolves around the two
factors Kendall established for determining qualifi-
cation for renewal. Wagrtcr was told that he was
terminated because he had rtot received his l’lt.D
and because Ire was trot fttrtlreritrg communications
iii the department, btrt he 'got nothing irt writing.
Wagner says that lte never promised to finish his
dissertation in a prescribed time: “I told Dr. l’cttit
(former chairman of the Speech Department) that I
would trot be bottrtd to arty particular date for
cotrtpletiott of ttry dissertation. Tire precise words I
used were. ‘I hope to he fintshed with my disserta-
tion. lan I will not he bottrrd tort date.‘ " l‘his
conflicts with Kendall atrd Dean l’erlmnttct‘s ver-
sion. According to tlrerrt he agreed to have his PM)
by September of l‘lor‘r‘. “Subsequently he kept
rtroving the date forward." says Kendall.

These allegations lrtrvc bcctr llytttg back and forth
for three trrorrtlts. It is hard to substantiate tlrcrrt
because there is nothing itt writing. Kendall adrtrits
that all Wagner‘s commitments were verbal. and
statertrerrts by Dean t'olntrrrr and Dean l’erlntuttcr'

 

strppotl this.

The second factor is cquallt vague. Kendall states
tltat “(icrry Wagner's failure to trrrtlrer communica-
tions ltl the departttrcrtt was another potrtt leading
to the final decision." She turtltct rrnplrcs. t'clt‘ttlltg
to the questionnaire she circulated. that other
rrrerrtbcrs of her department agreed irt this appraisal.
Again there is no way ofsrrbstantiatirrg this stncc no
information has been rttade public. Wltert asked
whether sltc personally felt Wagner ltrtd advattced
“cornnturtication theory" she replied. “I don't think

he has advanced it significantly. The standards of

the RI’A Department are always improving. and we
need someone with a solid background in corn-
ntunicrttion theory."

"\ tnnn up for re-
newal may not tit\'t’ a
right to employment.
but once employed he
has the right to a stand-
rtr'tliled procedure
which informs lritrt wlty
he was not renewed."

l’red ('ohen. a lawyer
ttrrd a friend of (Berry Wagner.

Photographs by Benjamin

    
    
  
  
   

Wagner's reply is quite different. He states that he
made no commitment to teach speciﬁc courses.
I‘Further," says Wagner, “it was Dr. Richard Wilkie,
then chairman of the RPA Department. who
interviewed me for the job, not Mrs. Kendall.
Therefore how can she claim to know what I said?”
Wagner does admit he was brought in to add a more
modern approach in communications. “It’s true I
have my M.A. in communications theory. I followed

through with regard to my specialty by submitting
frve new courses last year to the Curriculum
Committee, although only one was accepted."

a: tit it at It

What would Gerry Wagner have dorte if he
weren‘t renewed? He says lte would ltave gone to
court “if there were no other avenues ‘ open."
Wagner‘s friend. lawyer Fred Colten, defines the
bases for brirrgirtg such a case to court as legal and
ethical.

“The legal issues are subtle and a bit sophisticat-
ed. W- are tryittg to establish a procedural format
that will provide a measure of fairness for others. It
is unfair that trrr individual should be non-renewed
witlrottt receiving any reasons. It’s not rigltt that a
man should receive a letter on December 15 that he
won‘t be t'ehired.

“It‘s wrong because a rtrart doesn‘t know what's
irt his file. He doesn‘t krtow wltat a chairman may
write to a chairman at another school when this
man applies for a iob elsewhere. This kind of thing
jeopardizes Irim irt Iltejob marketplace.

“A rtrarr tip for renewal may rtot haV' a rigltt to
employment. but once errtployed ltc has the right to
a standar'di/ed. fair proccdtrrc by which Ire knows
exactly why he was rtot renewed. This is the essence
ol the legal argument.

“lttlrically. no rrtarr should be treated as a
cornmotlrty to be kept or discarded. (ierry Wagner.
like arty other person in his position. has the rigltt to
due pr'ocess-- the right to know."

>l< :t a at :t<

(icrry Wagner has been rehir‘ed for artotlter year.
Because all sides have accepted this decision. nrat~
ter's will soon return to normal. On the third floor
of llurrtanitics. in the offices of the deans. and in
the (‘amptrs Center the rtartte Wagner won't be heard
as ttutclt. For a while things will be quiet. but few
will rest easy. Somewhere arrotlter teacher is cotnirtg
up for renewal.

   
   
  
 
  
  
  
  
    
   
  
 
 
 
 

  
 
  
 
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 

  
 
  

 

   

 

