 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE 7

-.,.u.,.,r,.'n. u, m1: 1'

ALBANY'STUDENT PRESS ' TUESDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1970

I

 Campus Lectures And Exhibitions

r
 v/N‘NJL .
O

 

.f’u, .. ,. 4. .,

 

 3.

~

 

v-«-.— a «A,WWL~**.,‘A,K,V;H,.J -'

-UK,‘ .. ~A.‘ Ara

.. .\ ﬁ. .‘ .‘W

“v‘ﬁIT‘fw‘WmWMarsewa”  . ,

THE"

ASP SPORTS

 

 

Booters Lose to Harpur,

On Saturday, Albany’s Varsity
soccer team lost a close decision
to Harpur College, 2-1. The mar-
gin of victory was a miskick by a
State fullback (he kicked the ball
into his own goal) in the third
period. _

The Danes opened the scoring in
the first period when forward
Demetrius Michael took a neat
pass from Karl Howser and pr0<
ceeded to boot it past the Co-
lonials goaltender to make the

game.

Coach Schieffelin said that the
team is playing good all around
soccer but they are at times un-
able to mount a strong offense.
He felt that two factors hurt the
teams scoring thrust Saturday; (1)
the fact that Campbell was pre-
occupied with guarding the dan-
gerous Stormsgard and (2) the bad
weather which particularly hurt
the Danes whose passing is nor-

mally weak to begin with.

Coach Schieffelin’s team begins
a string of three games on Wednes-
day that will undoubtedly make
the difference between a winning
and losing season.

The Great Danes take on power-
ful Oneonta tomorrow and then
host New Paltz Saturday in what
Coach Schieffelin feels might be
the squad‘s toughest encounter all
year. He added that man for man,

they are the best team on the
schedule. "New Paltz is a team of
great skill. They're not a hard
driving team but they try to fi-
nesse you all around the field.‘ In
last year’s game at New Paltz, the
Danes held a 3-1 margin with less
than seven minutes to play. The

2-1, on Miskick

host team managed to tie the score
in regulation play, however, and
went on to win the game, 4-3 in
overtime.

Next week, State runs up against
SUC Plattsburg, another power-
house in the State system.

Grid Danes Prepare
for Opener Saturday

 

 

To Cover a Wide Range Of Interests

A lecture discussion series, “The
Family in the Seventies," will be
presented by the School of Social
Welfare, State University of New
York at Albany, beginning Wed-
nesday, October 14, and continu-
ing on subsequent Wednesdays
through November 18. The pro-
gram sessions will be held in room
208 at Draper Hall at the univer-
sity’s downtown campus.

Lecturers will include Louis
Lieberman, assistant professor of
sociology at SUNYA, speaking on
"The Family and Changing Sexual
Mores," October 14', Floyd
McRne, board member, Albany
Co. Opportunity, lnc., “The Black
Family," October 21; and John

"‘The Family and Drug Abuse,’

November 4; Paul Travers of the
New York State Division of
Parole, "Pressures on the Family,‘
November 11 ; and S. Frances Bris-
bane, Family Service Association
of America, “Family Advocacy,"
November 18.

Anyone desiring to attend may
advise the Continuing Education
Committee of the School of
Social Welfare at 135 Western
Avenue. The sessions will open at
3:30 and end at 5 pm.

The Art Gallery will hold a
preview of an exhibition of paint-
ings entitled “The Representa-

Tickets will go on sale soon at
the Perfomiing Arts Center box
office located on the first floor
lobby. For students with tax
cards, both shows will be 81. For
children under 16, tickets will be
76 cents. Admission for others is
$2.

The Judaic studies department
and foundations of education de-
partment of State University of
New York at Albany are sposoring
a lecture on education in Israel.

‘The lecturer will be Dr. Abraham

Rivlin, chairman of the depart—
ment of education at Tel-Aviv
University, Israel.

The lecture will begin at 8

0
score 1-0 in favor of the Danes. H M k   Ether . . . . .. .
, , professor of curriculum tional Spirit this Wednesday
Harpur tied the score a few  a e by Mike Piechowicz ’ . ’ and instruction M SUNYA‘S evening‘oclobe, 7.1970,“,7130 o’clock Thursday evening, Octo-
-steppms imaginary opponents. School of Education, ‘The 'p.m bar 5» i" the Campus Center ball"

minutes into the second quarter
when star forward Rich Storms-
gard maneuvered the ball around
both center halfback Fred Camp-
bell and fullback Joel Volinski
and placed a fantastic shot into
the upper right hand corner of the
net despite Dane goalie John
Thayer‘s attempt to block it.

The second half saw both teams
miss some fine opportunities to
score in the muddy downpour
which continued throughout the

Showing at LeMoyne

Both the varsity and junior varsi-
ty cross country teams traveled to
Syracuse this past Saturday to
compete in the annual LeMoyne
Invitational Meet. One hundred
and forty five runners from 23
schools participated on one of the
toughest five mile courses in the
area.

 

i .
Vi ,ien ou know 6.98 hst-yourcost 4.60 , , .  U ,, , _ . I
. i y TAPES $6.98 list-your cost $4.40 There wilfiitciiin orgiiiiizution- “up, -' an.“ magnl“(:ent low in _G‘l|.d'_ WNW/00d drearwgly crud” for 1‘ 15W!“- iOb 0f lelnfl FREE DELIVERY
It 5 for keeps 7.98 list-your cost 5.00 al meeting for the Paddlcbull Toii- .Sweepmg Vina“ and the "mm real. mlxe‘s his 590mm“ ("gun w” u Leon Russell's piano and organ
For "1011‘ information, send a postcard lo: riuimciit on Wednesday Oct 14 mg of swmg that is constantly bar house piano, and Wood blows Wm, Car] Radio‘s bass, and - Sal ' $ 79
Stmumd Distribumm‘ Inc. * * * ‘K It . . .. , implimL I I out a Jaunty solo on the electric Mummk “conﬁne nnd lend guimrs. Mixed . . . . . . . . .  arm . . . . . . . . .
l) Happily. all your special moments logelher will be His-2|? JnNnigica Avenue Freshman umkmbnll, Important “Something” is an interesting, 511;]. d | | I “I The drums um handled very Italian Salami _ I _ $.79 Bologna . . I . . ' . $.79
‘ 0 i5. - - 11423 , r ‘ ' . ' but uii'uccessful ttsm tt brinv inwoo siows iis versa iity _ . . _ _
; symbolized forever by Your engagement and Add $.50 lot the liisl record or [one lot mailing and liaiidllng~-$.25 for Imam“ 0“ Monduyv 06" 12 I" . l] h  L H {Ltip- bend oi' on “Strun Icr ’I‘o Himself ‘pl‘lyln’ mqu by (“upuldl‘ Who hunly Ham . . . . . . . . . . $.79 Hot Meatball . . . $.89
F wedding rings lithe name Keepsake is in the communion-1"ewmmmw PI‘YS- Ed‘ 125 “l 4:00 P-m 00"' M” muilcd Dub 0 1LI‘ i b H U "St u i m l incl" line L mum be “m mo“ underrated Hot Italian
‘ - ' ' . . ‘ .. - - -> , ‘ mere mco y y use 0 cu iiru‘ a ic ins r no 5, ( u ‘ i
I ring and on "19 tag You are assured Cl “’18 quallly  . . -  u   ummg “I'L’llblllty Ll. iii. in cint I at 'oii. ’ ‘lic )iilsutini yiiiliii' and il bounc drumm” mduy' Splced Ham ' $79
'  . . . . . . . ..  . .._.-.-  l ” “nd r “pr “1' I l L L y “lohii Biii'li' curn MU'l D'- sausage $ 
: and lasting satisfaction. The engagement . consequence is one of repetition buss. This song, the "sleeper" on ' i “N ‘ T‘y __ ‘ 5 'L- Ciieese . . . . . . . .  ' ‘ ' ' ' ' '
' ' ' ’ d b *I the album iSil \irc dclivht. um um “nether “mum cer‘ T $ 79 Turkey - - - - - ~ - - 
diamond IS flawless, of superb color. and precise ! I p I an oruom. I I . _ IIJ  I , Luinlv be 0., “WOW-x. I,“ a, the una . . . . . . . . . . .
‘ ' " - ' r ' s I I .‘ ' i .' ‘ ‘ ’ ‘ -
a s As is lrui With most soul lll ()nly tii lili song, Win 1 (rigs [up [w records“ 1970- Roast Beef ‘ ’ . ' .  pastraml . ' I . . . t 

 

out Your Keepsake Jeweler has a selection ol
many lovely styles. He's in the yellow
pages under "Jewelers,"

SORIIA
\

CAROHNE r ctici bui :Tl u .‘d ,0 t, is. ' - - - ~ . .
_ § SAVE LPVS_CASSETTES.RECORDS SAVE p a L cg in» i rs ay 0 Ln on someone Else 5 ponversation, group to listen to if you are ms country lead gun,“ I the play.
it t ,, * ,, ut it wears t in a ter a while. depressed. “Should,” Have Took Mo,e
8TRACK TAPES Athletic Directors: All-Sports Too bad too, because Hayes is Winwood is up to par vocally, Thu" You Gave" 8 pure rock
quite a good singer with a lot of while the group is very tight in- '  I   

State finished in a tie for fourth
place with Hamilton College and
according to Coach Bob Munscy,
they could have done better.
Brockport State took first pliicc
with a total of 88 points. Roberts
Wesleyan was second with 95
while host LeMoyne came in third
with 145. Albany and Hamilton
each had 155. Tom Carter of
Niagara finished first in 27:34.4.
Dennis Hackctt was the highest

Football is no sport. it's a not
-too-subt|c form of torture that
pits one man against iinotlicr in
the most physical of ways. One
body crashing into another is the
basic idea. Football hurts. Pain or
injury is virtually inevitable for
every player on the field. It’salso
a game of execution, and execu-
tion comes only with practice.
The game on Saturday, with its
color and excitement, is all that
counts to the once a week fan,
but the week before is what
makes a game for the team.

Sixty-five men are playing foot-

flattening fellow linemen. Why
they do so is impossible for many
to grasp and difficult for all. For
many it‘s a way of life they just
can’t give up. But what about
upper classmen who haven t
played in years? For some its an
exciting challenge that they can't
pass up. For others, it’s ii fulfill-
ment that only as rugged a game
as football can provide. Whatever
the reason, they’re sacrificing a lot
of time that they could doubtless
use in many other ways. Under-
lying all the various reasons, is an
intangible known as loyalty, devo-

 

 

. “1969 Music ,"' by John Kock, is one of the many paintings included
in the Art Gallery ‘5 new exhibition, “The Representational Spirit. "

Dave Mason and Trafﬁc:
Apart But Sliﬂ Together

happened
since their departure (Stevie Win-
wood joined the ill-fated Blind

record review
by Eric Graeber

Many affecionados of the rock

Many things have

Family and Changing Patterns of
Education," October 28.

Also, Milton Luger, of the New
York State Narcotic Addiction
Control Commission, speaking on

on for too long, could be called a '

disappointment. However, the
song is worth listening to, if only

This exhibition will continue
through Sunday, November 4, and
will include works by John Koch,
John Button, Jane Wilson, David
Locffler Smith and Paul Nicholas
Russotto.

Gallery hours are from 9 to 5
Monday through Saturday, 7 to 9
on Wednesday night, and from 2-5
on Sunday. The public is welcome
at all times, and admission is free.

Theatre Council, a State Univer-
sity of New York at Albany stu-
dent organization funded by Cen«

room on the uptown campus. The
university community is invited to
attend the lecture without charge.

The department of anthro-
pology at State University of New
York at Albany will hold a con-
versation in the disciplines, en-
titled “Anthropology at the Cross-
roads," on October 23 and 24.
The conversation will take place
at the uptown campus of the
university.

The main topics will be “Pri-
orities in Anthropological Re-

Dane finisher in ninth place. Nick world were saddened in Novem_ _ i .
DcMarco was 15th for the Man ball for Albany State this fall. tion. or more slrnply. pride in her 1968 by the demise of galthlh' Shirts lWot‘id.  J": to hem wood,s 13th century mil Council within the depurb search and Teaching'npriday and
Sixty-five men are putting In quite Albany State. They re proud to be ‘ ’ “pa ' l " m o “u '0 Wm ‘ mule, ment of magma will present with Saturday afternoons, and “Uses of

Aids

seymen. The top fifteen runners
received trophies thus both Hac-
kctt and Demarco received them.

Other Albany finishers were Pat
chfert in 26th place, John Kock
(50th) and John Stanton (55th).

The junior varsity finished sixth
out of eight contingents with 131
points. Colgate was first with 19.
Bill Sorel was tenth for the Baby
Danes with Joe Riley 17th.

This Saturday will mark the
return to State of Ron Stonitscli,
one of the premier cross country
runners in the nation. He will
accompany his fine CW. Post
team for a meet against the Danes.
For thos'c of you who have never
seen a cross country meet, this
would be a finc time to see your
first.

a but of unnoticed suffering. If
you‘re a devotee of Dunkin' Do-
nuts or habitually ride campus
buses between four and six every
afternoon, you‘ve seen the Albany
State Club Football Team prac-
ticing on the athletic field far
removed from the dorms or the
academic podium. For the chimes
at two hours of glory or two
hours of humiliation,thcy grind
through a Week of practices. In
cold or warm, rainy or dry wea-
ther, quarterbacks are throwing
passes, ends are trying to keep the
ball from hitting the ground, and
defensive backs are hoping it does.
With no encouragement from the
empty bleachers and more than
they want from coaches, the uni-
formed figurcs practice on, side

 

 

Buy direct from one of New York‘s
LARGEST WHOLESALE DISTRIBUTORS
All Labels-All Artists
From Acid Rock to Long Hair
Compare Our Prices
Ll"s $4.98 list-your cost $3.19

5,98 list—your cost 11.00

 

 

 

representing Albany State on a
football field. This is year number
one for Great Dane football and
the foundation being laid now,
will be the basis for future we
cesses as well as failures.

As intangible as it is, some of
the players prefer to keep it is
terms of something more con-
crete. As tail back Larry Petersen
put it, "Why do i play? cause l'm
nuts."

Sport Shorts

All men wishing to participate in
varsity wrestling should see Coach
Joe Garcia in Room 229 of tlic
Phys. Ed. building as soon as
possible to arrange for a medical
exam and equipment. Formal

Trophy Meeting on Monday, Oct.
12 at4100 p.m. in Rm. 126 of the
Phys. Ed. building.
an *
Anyone interested in League ill
3 man scratch bowling should call
Pliil immediately 7-5077.

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

[III] IILP RECORDS, PRE-RECORDED TAPES, AUDIO

   

:7

Traffic, one of the best and most
tasteful rock groups going. The
group suddenly emerged on the
underground scene in the summer
of 1967 and produced three solid
albums in their short existence.

 

Uta 2w” State

 

 

 

by Bob Rosenblum

Following the pattern of his Hot
Buttered Soul album Issac Hayes
begins The Issac Hayes Movement
with a long drawn out speech,
using Black coloquialism, informal
philosophy and a relaxed voice. it
is interesting to a degree for the
first hearing-sort of like listening

feeling for the lyrics who has
mastered the art of accentuation
without repetition.

This particular annoyance oc-
curs only on I‘l Stand Accused. ’
There are other qualities in that

bums, the It'llflt'l‘, Hayes, is lhv
only person of iniporluncv. Tlic
sidcnirn are merely doing lhcir
job that has been assigned to them
(with the exception of tin ad‘

etc.) but perhaps the most inter
esting development in an other-
wise dull rock year has been the
resurrection of Traffic (minus
Dave Mason). And they are as
good as ever!

All six songs on their new al-
bum, “John Barleycorn Must Die ‘
are written, co-written, or ar-
ranged by Stevie Winwood, un-
doubtedly one of the “super
stars" in rock today.

Traffic proves once again with
this album that a small hand does
not necessarily need a lead guitar
to play good music. As a matter
of fact, there is no guitar on side
one, and if there is a better side
on the album, it is side one.

Just a little bit of the spirit that
permeated their earlier work
is lost, but Traffic is still the

strumentally. “Freedom Rider‘
features a lovely flute solo by
Wood, who may not be as flam-
boyant, or as publicized as Ian
Anderson of Jethro Tull, but is
certainly as good.

 

UNIVERSITY BEAUTY
SHOP

(‘iiinpus (‘cnlct

The missing member of Traffic,
Dave Mason, has released an al‘
hum of his own, aided by among
others, Leon Russell, Delaney and
Bonnie, and Capaldi. It is simply
one of the best albums issued so
far this year.

Mason's songs do resemble the
old Traffic to a certain extent, yet
are also completely unique at the
same time. I have always contend~
ed that Mason writes better lyriCs
than Winwood and songs like
“Shouln‘t Have Took More Than
You Gave," “World in Changes,‘
and “Look at You, Look at Me“
can only justify that feeling.

Mason plays an outstanding
acoustic guitar, which he uses as
the lead on five of the eight cuts.
In “Only You Know and i Know”
the acoustic guitar overshadows

song, ranks next to “Feeling All
Right" as the best song Mason has
written. Davc uses a soft wah»wah
pedal around some strong lyrics.
But perhaps the best cut on the
album is "Look At You Look At
Me." Al Sclimitt must be given

College Students

the cooperation of the theatre
‘departmcnt and SUNYA Child-
'ren's Theatre two performances
by the Everyman Players, a na-
Itionally known repertory com-
pany. They will take place Friday
and Saturday evenings, October 9
and 10, at Page Hall on the
university's downtown campus.

“The Book of Job," a stylized
dramatic realization of the Bib-
lical story of the prophet, will be
presented Friday evening at 8:30.
The script is written in the mode
of Elizabethan drama.

The Everyman Players'i noted
production of "The Tortoise and
The Hare“ will be offered Sat-
urday evening. It is an adaptation
of thc wcll‘known children’s
story. Costumes and makeup
realize the animal characters in

Audio-Visual in Teaching
and Research,” Saturday morning
with demonstrations on Friday
evening. Among the speakers will
be Weston LaBarre, whose book,
The Ghost Dance, has just been
published and who will speak on
“Priorities in the Anthropological
Study of Religion,;" Marvin Har-
ris, who will speak on his pioneer-
ing work in the use of videotape
in ethnological research; and Peter
Schneider, who will speak on
“Strategies in the Study of De-
velopment." Other speakers and
discussants will be announced
later.

Addiitonal information is avail-
able from Walter P. Zenner, de-
partment of anthropology,
SUNYA.

 

Corned Beef . . . . $.99
DELI SUB . . . $1.49
Salami, Pastrami

~ Corned Beef, Lettuce,

"A Meal in Every Giant Submarine"

CA L L: 434-0266

MAFIA SUB . .. $1.49
Italian Salami, Ham
Pepperoni, E-tali‘ano
Cneese, Hot Peppers,

 

vciiturous, and sweeping viuliii
solo in “Sonicthiiig') and the
arrangements are perfunctory.

 and SET YOUR OWN PROFIT PICTURE

. MEET and BEAT ALL COMPETITION

IF THIS IS YOUR BAG, CONTACT: W
I

Lettuce, Tomatoes,
Onions, Oil & Vinegar

   

psake"

i‘
i ‘ ng

REGISTERED DIAMOND RINGS

Mun. r-Fri'. I) 5 4577626 Tomatoesi RuSSian-

 

 

$70

 

 

 

   

Y qu| hot“ iiocmsioaco i Mﬂeg A N PondCompuny

 

   

 4‘.
as)

       
   

  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

438-5545 — TUXEDO RENTAlS

 

 

 

 

 

3.... .... n .

 

 

 

T I
HOW To PLAN voua ENGAGEMENT AND WEDDING| ,  DISTRIBUTORS, mc. i (OLIEGE CUSTOM TAIlORS Must be able to work
1 Plﬂdﬂi‘ﬂllllﬂli Hand” is )1:[booklfj'lé'mui‘ninq'“out [hivqaq'emeg'l snr‘ih ngdi'ii?“‘ | A sousipuny 0;.- 5AM Goon,“ ,Nc_ : . 0  3 d  . . . . . , . . . ,   . . . . . . . . .. 
 iipaiaiiz3i'»°x=1'éui’o aféi°§-’iaii‘nnc‘3f ' m" L" °° °'" " “"r'-7"o| MR. AQUILINA 0 Pas... (212) 786-3337 5 § SKILLEDIN REIZINGB-RESTYIING 9 3'3 ' p‘m' ays or:
i on USE THIS COUPON.- i, E or MEN'S anions! (Lon-um; § 2 days and Saturday day-E
.m. R. UILIN ,u s G T M H '
" humus. a3“, f..r..t?'§.i3'ihi§_“' ' i : ALTERATION oi ALL KINDS — BIG or SMALL 5 tlme- You can eam $70: DELIVERIES ON THE HOUR
m... I Picnic and THE HAPPENING to' l 3 Specialising in Cleaning 8. Alterations "' or more, Call Mr. Pitt I
i Name ' c H j g E    b 10 d 2 : STARTING AT 8 PM DAILY~4 PM SUNDAYS
c- m I Addie“ ° “3" g 5 0‘ SUE” ~ g “We” 3“ p'm'  3 Sub Minimum for FREE DELIVERY
  j on, State 2..» I 265 new SCOTLAND AVE. ALBANY, N.Y. 463-4233 5 Ca” 434-0255
I
I
I
i

 

r
:7 KEEPSAKE DIAMOND RINGS, IOX '0, SYRACUSE, N.Y. IIZOIJ

.nnn ,

 

 

 

 

 

