PAGEIO '

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

    

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1970

CATHEX'IS—Dr. Leroy Pelton will

 

The CapltoiiDlstrict Chapter of '

American Professors for Pce in
the Middle East will present a lec-

The Office of Residence will soon
be selcting Resident Assistants for
the 1971-72 academic year. Anyone

Interested In an R.A. position must
attend the mandatory Interest meet-
ing on Nov. 22, 1970 In Lecture
Center 11 from 7-9 p.m. if you are
not able to attend the meeting you
must contact Howard Woodruff In
Hamilton Hall, 457-8839, at least
two (2) days prior to the meeting.

cocoon...-

ture by Professor Walter Goidstein
on "The American Empire and the
Middle East War," on Wednesday,
Nov. 11 at 8 p.m. in LC 6.
OODDDIDGI.
Folk Dance Club will meet Thrus-
day, starting at 6 p.m. in the gym

dance studio. Everyone welcome.
0 0 I D O O I 0 O.

 

. /l /
WITH MAX SHULM

(By Ihr author a] Rally Round liir Flay, Bay: . . . Didn't Gilli: . . . ctr.)

W

Do you know why you haven't seen the president of your college
lately? Here’s why: he quit.
You don't believe me, I see. You sneer and make coarse gestures.
But it's true all the same. Not one college president in tiie entire
United States came back to work this ftill. 'l‘hey chickencd out, every
last one.
A few will return: they’re just taking a year off to study karate.
But most. aren’t coming back ever. And can yoti blame them? What
kind of work is this for a digniﬁed, elderly person—cowering under his
desk all day long, wearing bullet-proof underwear, hiring food tasters,
getting into fistfights with sophomore girls?
It's hard to realize that only three or four years ago a college
president was a ﬁgure of respect and regard—yea, reverence even! I‘ll
admit of course that undergraduates were much more tractable in
those days because, as you will no doubt recall, sex and drugs had not
yet been introduced from Europe.
But even so, they were lively rascals, yesterday's undergrads,
scampering all over campus on their little fat legs, cheering and balloo-
ing, identifying lichens, conjugating verbs. But no matter how en—
grossed they were in their games and sports, whenever lrexy hap-
pened by, they would instantly run over to kiss his vast and sing ..-i
choruses of the Almri Mam. Ah, it was a lovely and gracious time,
ow o e alas forever!

n inzidentally, you‘ll notice that I used the word "i’rexy." That of
course is what college presidents are always called, as I'm sure 
knew. But did you know that trustees are always called “'l‘rixm.’
Similarly, deiins are always called "Doxy" excch of course in HIV
South where they are iilways called "Dixie." Associali- professors of
course are called “Axy-I’ixic." Hockey coaches of coursi- arc cailcd
“Hootchy-Cootchy.” Students are called “Algac.” I

And Miller High Life iscalled “The Champagnc oi llccrs.’ l iIIl'iI-
tion Miller High Lift: because I am paid in \vriic lhi-sc columns by tho
brewers of Miller Hiin Life. 'l‘hey are, I must say, a \‘cry rclaxvd kind
of employer. They let Inc write whatever I want to. 'l'hcri-'s no consor-
ship, no pressure, tind no taboos. In fact, i don‘t even barn to ini'iiiillii
Miller High Life unless I feel like it. Naturally, the hrcwcrs are a Hill“
disappointed if I don't mention it, but they never complain. I hey just
smile bravely atid stop my check.

_ fl

  
      

Today, as it happens, I do feel like mentioning Miller High Life.
And what better way than to quote these immortal Iliies from Ozymtiu-
dias by the beloved Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, or "The Swedish
Nightingale," as he was better known as? I quote:

When an ill wind blows,

A rid keeps gelling filer.

Then a wise man knows

I! is fimcfor Miller.

What peppy hopiil Wliai groovy malls!

No beer can do whal Miller docs!

Ono sip and—harkI—yoit hear a waltz,

And you love the world, including fuzz. ‘

But I digress. Proxy, I say, Is gone and nobody wants the hill.
Whore. then, will the colleges find replacements?

Well air, a lot of schools lately have been hiring robots. Don't
laugh: you can get robots today with a bald spot and everything. In
fact, I recently sawonp so iifollkc that al tmnl were giving It money.
The big trouble of course Iii'tiiat after a few woeka as Proxy, any ill-
tolligent robot will say, "Who needs this?" and become a toll booth.

And so it remains unsolved, this I’rexy problem, and in future
columns I'll look into It again, along with such other burning questions
as "Are roommates sanitary?" anti “Can a student of Iii find happiness
with an econ professor of 90?"

is a
Yeti, il'a lriic. We, the brewers of Miller High Life Iicer, are really
letting Moz Shttlrriaii write whatever I“! wants in this column. 'I‘Iial maf-

- graffiti 

 

 

 

Naomi Diamond, a member of the
Department of English, University
of Rochester, will talk about and
show her film, "From Every Shires
End," an award-winning docu-
mentary about Chaucerlan England,
on Wednesday afternoon, Nov. 11,
at four o'clock in Lecture Center 3.

.u........

Starting on Nov. 2, a new 1970
Ford Pinto will be shown on cam-
pus for 4 weeks in differing loca-
tions. A student research group will
be contacting 1,500 students to fill
out questionnaires regarding the
Pinto. Those filling out question-
naires will have a chance to win this
Pinto for a "free weekend" which
includes a gas allowance.

........s.

EXPERIMENTAL THEATRE's
regular Friday and Saturday night
series will begin this Friday.
"Daphne" directed by Alan Cohen
will be presented on Friday. Satur-
day's nerlorrniince is "Mask of
Angels" riircclod by Allan Coppos.
Perliirinrinccs Ior all shows are in
tin: PAC Arontt lltonlro at 7 Zillintd
E) (If) tun, Aiirntsston is Iron.

u...“

A talk on Human Reproduction
and Contraception will be given
Thursday. Nov. 12, 8:00 p.m. in
BIO 248. Speaker will be Dr. John
Saunders, Jr., Dept. of Biology.
Sponsored by the Biology Club.

IIIIIGI...

Telethon '71 has auditioning
forms at the information Desk. Why
don’t you try out? For further
information call Ron at 7-7796 or
Julie at 7-4064.

leeelooeue

Delta Sigma Pi will present the
film “1984" on Tuesday, Nov. 10

and Wednesday, Nov. 11 in LC-3 at

7:30 and 9:30. Admission: $0.50.
.i........

The Music Dept. of the State
University ol New York at Albany
presents JEAN-CHARLES
FRANCOIS, percussionist, on Fri-
day, NOv. 13, in the Recital Hall.

IIIIIIIIII

Anyone interested in travel in

Europe, Asia, or Africa, please con-
tact Roberl Burstein ill 457-5047.
.

IIIDIIIII

Ski Club Meeting—New member-
ships accepied during this meet-
ing—guest speaker from the Towne
Ski Shop. Room LC 18, Thurs. Nov.
i2, til 7 3f) p.m.

ilplllllll

 

IS GETf/NC'

MISERY

BOILFD r'rL’AK ON SUNDAY
'ANp nor GETTING A S! Tilt/1m) KmFe.

 

 

 

speak on the psychology of non-
violence on Wed. Nov. 11 In 55146.
Cathexis needs officers, (Namely:
two co-chalrmen, a treasurer, and a
secretary.) for next semester. There-
fore elections will be held prior to
the lecture—so come at 8:00 p.m.
Help YOUR club become self-
actualized.
IOIIIIIGII

Ever consider Teaching? Come
listen to the experiences of those
who have been student teachers
Nov. 11, room 375cc. Sponsored
by Seanies.

nu...”-

Dr. Hugh Lafave, the director of
the Eleanor Roosevelt Development
Center (responsible for all services
for handicapped children in the
Capitol district), will be speaking
Friday, Nov. 13, at the St. Rose
library at B p.m. This is sponsored
by the Society for Autistic Chil-
dren. All SUNY students and facul-
ty are most welcome.

nun"...

Psychology Department Coi-
quiiium: Dr. Benjamin M. Bragin-
sky, Wesleyan University, will speak
on "The Social Transformation of
Dcsilluiion to l)olcctivoiiess»-A Slu-
tiy of Rule Definition" on Thurs

tiny, Nov. I? at Iiﬂiil run. iii HS
Qiili.
“in”...
limit: will In: on iiilurttini gol

inoolhor wine and cheese party for
all those students interested III
studying abroad, 'SIIICIIIIIIS will be
on hand, who have studied abroad,
It) answer your Liueslions. Novem-
ber 18, Wednesday, in Humanities

Lounge room 354. For further
information, call Bob Butstein,
457-5047.

nun-unu-

All those who Signed up for free
course on drafi counseling. A short
meeting will be held on Friday,
Nov. 13, at 1.30 in the Draft
Counseling Ofiico (Room 382, Catri-
pus Center). The required book,
Handbook to the Draft l3rd edi
lion) will be available bring $2 45.
For more info, call 472-5090.

cleaned-Io

 

‘63 VW, MUST SELL, MOVING
TO CALIFORNIA, second engine,
45,000 miles, engine recently ovar-

 

classified

1956 Mobile Home 8x42, 1 bed-
room, attached room, washer, dry-
er, call 459-3324 after 6 p.m. week-

 

 

haulad, Snow tires, good radio, body
in excellent condition, $500 or
highest bidder. Call evenings
465-3662.

“nu...-

For sale: 1960 Ford Falcon in
good condition; new tires; 2-door
automatic, $80 or best offer. Call
Nabii at 472-5601 or 457-8860

.i......--

For sale: MGB, good condition,
good tires, $550. Call 457-3001 or
457-4740.

collide-l.

L afayette Turntable: excellent

 

 

ﬂed sobbing you hear is our legal department.
ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT

 

 

condition, $10. Call Rich Larris at
472-7723.

Wanted:
Biology Woisz. Contact
Coleman, 482-6055.

.

IIIIIIIII

Yvonne

Need roommatals). Lowor half of
redecorated farmhouse, with lake,
free horseback riding. Private aca-
demic community. Forty minutes
from school. Split $190/rnonth,
utilities included. Call Ted at
6R4-7519. Late evenings call
1-966-6764 (collect).

Textbook—St'it'nr't' of

SUMMER EUROPE $187', Cam-
pus Rapresontatives—opportunities
for students and odds. staff of your
University or Univ. group to obtain
low-cost travel to Europe.

“Round trip prices as low as $187
for .minimum group of 40. Call:
Uni-Travel Corp., Transatlantic air-
linas' agent. (617) 599-0287. 12
Pine St., Swampscott, Mass. 01907.

..........

'60 VW sedan currently registarad
as farm utility vehicle. Has had light
use over last several years. Back
fenders and glass removed. Runs
good—ideal for off~ihoroad use or
for parts. $125 or near offer. W.E.
Seymour, 457-4919.

..........
Wanted: male or faman to share
house by Doc. 1 with two girls. Will
have own bedroom. Call 434-4808.
.n......--

Hockay Puck loves Unkio Eggie.
.a.......u
Anyone going to Ann Arbor,
Michigan, Thanksgiving week? Call

Bernadette, 457-4745.

 

| 105 N. Columbia 8L. lirpt. X2,

I NAMa.__ -

CIT‘I__.E. _.. A. W

 

WANT CONTRACEPTIVES
PRIVATELY?

We believe you're entitled to your . r ‘
ing contraceptives. We’re a nonpro it family planning1 agency and
we offer you contraceptives throu h the privacy of _I
specialize in men‘s products (inc uding two exclusive new Euro-
pean importsl—but we have nonprescription foam for women, too.
And a wide assortment of books and pamphlets to answer your
quesllons on birth control, family planning, the population prob-
lem and ecology. Want details? Write today:

I POPULATION HEIIVICI‘IH, INC.
Chapel IIIII, N. C. 275”

I Gentleman. Please send me full tluliiila wtlliout obligation:

' ADDIIESSA... c. . . V.-- . M, 7
. ._.._.._ _ STATE. ,

__—____.—_..

rivacy when it comes to buy-

e malls. We

a ZII"- .,

 

 

 

. . .. mmwmwwwttdymxmuém

. mum-«MM

days or anytime Sunday.
. i . i c a . o . o
Ho-ho-ho. Are you the Jolly Sarita
type? Need extra Christmas money?
Love kids? Be a part-time Santa.
lmorn. 8i aft. & ova. shift avail.)
Mom-Sat, Nov. 14-Doc. 24. Call
459-9020.
. . . it u n e e u I
Electric guitar and amp for sale.
457-4665 (ask for Pam).
- n e . . . u n I a
'62 VW SEDAN. I .buan perfect-
Iy maintained from new to present
45,000 miles. Saparata snows and
wheels. $525 or near offer. W.E.
Seymour, 457-4919.

.IIIIIIIII

HOMEMADE WINE in 28 days
without graposl Kit contains ra-
usablo UNIOUE apparatus, instruc-
tions, recipes and most ingredients
for your first of many GALLONS.
Just $3.98 plus tax and $0.50 post-
age. UNIQUE ENTERPRISES, 108
Mohawk Street, Cohoes, N.Y.
12047.

entice-tines

 

 

 

the Rev. ’l‘roy Perry
speaks to

of tlic 'l'ri-Citics
on
THE HOMOPHILIC
MOVEMENT
Thursday, Nov. l2th
at 8 pm
in Page Hail

 

the Gay Liberation Front

 

 

  

 

 

   

by AI Seiiia

A number of controversies and
criticisms have appeared in the
aftermath of Friday night's two
Jefferson Airplane concerts. But
no matter whose version or ex-
planations one accepts, one fact
becomes obvious -— the student
came out on the short end.

Though the event was billed as
“sponsored by the Class of '72"
,, and was held in the gym, it was
3‘: promoted by a private production
concern who had booked the Air-
plane for $18,000.

The number of tickets offered
for sale to the campus community
has come under severe criticism.
More than half of the 6400 tickets
were sold off campus so the pro-
moter could realize a greater pro-
fit. 1750 of the 3200 tickets were
sold on campus for the midnight
show; the number was decreased
to 1250 for the earlier concert.

“When you've got that many
people attending from off cam-
pus," Student Association Presi-
Dave Neufeld observed,
“then the concert shouldn't be
held on campus.”

The reason the conﬁrm. became a
university function was because
the promotiop company — Ardee
Productions r - approached Univer-
sity Concert Board officials with
his offer and was turned down.
Concert Board did not have the
available manpower, it was rca-
soncd. There had been concerts
on the three previous weekends
and another scheduled for this
weekend. II. was felt security offi-
cers and the janitorial staff do-
servcd a rest. Ironically, these
same people found themselves
working the Airplane concert;
hey never did gel. the expected
eprive. The Junior Class (lidn'l
hthI the necessary manpower ci-
titer.

In any event, S.A. officials wort-
(lisplcasetl over the fact that large
numbers of nun-students wcrc
ilIvun access to tickets at the
expense of the student body.

S.A. Vice President Mikc l.iiin«
pert told this reporter: “It‘s I)II(l
practice iind we don't intcnd lo
lot it happen again.”

But Junior Class President 'I‘om
LaBarbcra, who wait ultimately
responsible for having the class
sponsor the event, disagreed. "We
felt we could give students an
extra concert," he said. He
claimed that students bent-fitted
In that they were able to secure a
limited number of tickets for the
reduced rate of $3.50.

But the problem lies in the fact
that the profits from the event
will go to the Ardee Productions.
rather that the Claaii of '72. Thus,
an event was held on campus,
“VII-h many tickets sold to "00'
-ItudenI.e, and with the profit (If

 

TUESDAY, hover/teas 10,

1970

...potskowski

Concert Observations

there is any after deductions are
made for damages) going to a
private promoter.

LaBarbera justified this by
claiming that students Would not
have purchased many of the avail-
able tickets. This was the only
way sludents could get a chance
to hear the Airplane, and that the
promoter will probably lose
money anyway after the damages
to the gym are paid. “He probably
won‘t come out with a dime,"
LaBarbera said.

Nevertheless, Student Associa-
tion officials were critical of the
fact that a private promoter was
brought in, and that student inter—
ests were sacrificed for economic
expediency. They pointed out
that many students were forced to
buy tickets at the full price of
$5.00 after the cheaper tickets
were sold out. This allowed the
promoter to increase his profit.

For the Albany State student,
the concert, in perspective, ap-
peared to be a poor bargain in-
deed. Some were injured — iiiclu-
ding litiBarbera, who suffered a
gash in the leg and an ushcr who
was pummeled by potential gate
crashers. Some had to pay a high
price for tickets. Others were
caught in the crowd crush outside
Lht‘ gym doors. And, of course,
the profits (if any) is something
the students will never see.

ass coagulate

The Faculty-Student Association Is ii lion-profit organization
[but has been serving the Slate University of New York at
Albany for twenty years, The scope of our services has grown
front providing just books and food to it spectrum that
includes fourteen dcpartnicnts (the provision of books and
food is still the primary service that We provide).

We opcriilc by contract with the (lcntral Administration of the
Static University of New York. Wc are responsible to our Board
of Dircclors, which is comprised of Students, Faculty and
Administrations from SUNY at Albany.

Sincc We do cmidu i a wide variety of services, we rL'iill'Lt' thiil
factor In the everyday life of ilic
ilCiKlt'iiIil‘ community. Many misconceptions hich bccn formu~
Iiilcd arid passed on about the nature of the Association.

We play a sluiiiuCIInl

Although the misconceptions
information,

in order to make available pcrtincni information, wc arc
initiating a program to extend thru this entire academic year.
The program will include an airing of questions in the Albany
Student Press on a weekly basis, by means of a wcckly
columnadvertisement like this one that you are reading.

If you have a question, please take Lllt' time to write us Ii short
note. The question you have is probably of interest to it great

number of students and faculty,

i'lcasc iiich your note at the check cashing desk, Campus
Center, addressed to: Peter II. Blais, Aasisiunt to the Director

for Student Relations.
ADVEIH ISEMEN r

 
 
  
 
   
  
 
  
  
   
 
 
 
    
 
  
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
   
   
   
   
 
  
  

they do tend to become magnified and more
intense Tbcy hich done so until tiicy seem to be “locked”
into llit‘ thinking of our University community.

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE 11

 “REFER”: 0N CALL 

its own, to the surprise of many who felt Albany

“Refer"is and tries to be part of the street. It is 11 Id 1 t h
can no suppor suc an agency.

group of loosely organized people, working from an
Inner-city location, trying to give “help for what
you ,wi‘mt,”as they print on their information card.

It is in part a four-phone refer switchboard. It is in
part a general counseling service. it is in part a
craslipad for transients. It is in part a place for any
community group to meet. It is also ii home for five
counselors and a place to rap.

Refer-type informational and counseling agencies
new number about 200 nationwide, mostly in cities
and university communities. There are several in this

are“ begides Albany: Schenectad
and Bennington have them, 3’, Syracuse,

The staff includes several professionals (ministers,
a psychologist, a nurse) and each evening a couple
of counseling sessions take place. However, most of
the problems are solved through phone cells alone.

The problems dciill with cover the whole modern
spectrum. Family problems, landlords, abortion,
runaways, bad trips, VD, boyfriend—girlfriend, par-
ents, Children, legal questions, suicide anti loneliness
are lhc more common difficulties.

A large part of the calls come from kids fifteen to
seventeen. Because many of them can't or don't
want to tiilk to parents, and often can't cross the
gap in life styles with teachers and establishment
agencies, they call Refer. A large number of these
younger people call because they are afraid of
getting caught and found out as they are under age.
They are iilso greatly unaware of their rights and the
services available in the city.

Rcfcr is located al 332 Hudson Avenue (a dozen
houses bclow Lark) on a sloping block running into
the new marble Meier Behiclc Building. Its four
floors are divided into ihc basement phone center
and rear room crash pad, first floor of conference
rooms iind storage, and second and third floors of
residents' bedrooms and counseling rooms.

In helping high school age people, the staff finds
the most need and satisfaction.

Members of the Refer staff give talks (not lec-
tures) at clubs and community groups. They gener-
ally decline speaking at school assemblies because
they don't want to be known as another “Thou
shalt not" group. Refer tries to be non-judgmental
as much as possible. They want people to feel free
to Contact the agency and know no one's going to
look down on them regardless of their situation.
The staff wants everyone to know they are there to
help, because they want to, and it's nol just a job to
them.

The most obvious operation of Refer is its phone
switchboard. About forty to fifty calls come in a
day. It was organized seven months ago and has
handled about 7,000 calls since then.

it was organized in March after several months of
planning and hoping by Davo Webster, a newcomer
to Albany who felt a mod here for such a service,
and Dick Tryon, a former minister in Guilderland.

The calls break down into general information
during the day and more personal atlvico-wantcd
problems in the evening and night. There are abotti
thirty to forty operators who man the phones

around the clock.
The phone operators are trained through sensitiv-

ity sessions and role playing, so that they can
understand and know their own hang-ups and
opinions and keep them out of their advice.

Talking to anyone on the staff brings up the same
phrases: we are non-judgmental, we handle any

The Rcfcr side of one phone call goes like this:
“Hello, may I help yuu‘.’...Jusi a second, we have it
right here (checks listing)...Du you know where the
Albany County Health Clinic is‘.’...Ferry and Green,
that‘s right. They have the test you want on
Monday, Wednesday, Friday, ten to twelve. Can you thlnm' we want “” be “uswd' RM” “dvenizes
make it then?...Good, if everything doesn't work 'tse”,m°s“y by wmd or month and through the
ouli cu“ us back Bye,” agonCics of the youth sub-culture around Albany:
the coffee houses, boutiques, and on WRPI. (They
No names asked, no judgment rendered. Simply mm)“ the hUbble‘ilum st“IONS-i
advice. Much of Rcfcr's work involves simply giving
addresses of other agencies. There are places in
Albany to get free VD and pregnancy tests for those
under Iii without parental consent. This is tlitI type
of information they want to disseminate.

The present set—up of Refer is hopefully just the
beginning. If they can find the funds. they want to
set up ii free clinic at their present home, and are
feeling out plans for an unstructured “free” high
school and regular drug rap sessions among users on
Rcfcr exists on a very small budget made up of “"3 Premises-
contributions, bake sales and auctions The five

residents are paid u mm” weekly salary when were ()vcrall there is one point they want to be clear. If

 

“w “mm ,lLEde The “unwy ix presently balding you have a problem or need advice, contact them.
(Yr<...ri‘r 1 ‘

uer is TAND...  '0 

LOLV. all fit!
, BRIGHTER :wr'.
,Ltft"< NoT so
5gp, YEAH. stall
ou “rubidium
/ EVERETT REIMER
£4 4, ,y will direct thc continuing disc ssioii ofalicriiaiivcs to obligatory
/w~ “Ni ’ schooling Among the leading critics who will pariicipatc arc:
W. ; ‘ “ " George Brown
George Dennison
Edgar Friedenberg
Paul Goodman
John Holt
Ivan Illich
Christopher Jencks
Herbert Kohl
Milton Kotler
Didier Piveteau
Augusto Salazar Bondy
Hanns-Albert Steger
liucli week throughout lhc lcrm, Everett Rciincr will
convene two meetings to review thc key issues in-
volved in dc-scliooling socicly.
liacli invilcd guest will offer a course on the subject
of his choosing. An average of SEVEN courses on
cdticalinn will be available EACH MONTH.
The studciil who Wishes lo construct a term of independent
study in (‘ucrnavactt can, in any month, combine courses
which analyze schooling and education with others on Latin
America and with the regular (‘IDOC program of

   

usually result from litck of

intensive Instruction in Spoken Spanish

SUNY students can obtain further information on spending a
farm in Cuerriauuco from either Dr. Frank Carririo (4172-2972)
or Eduardo Rivera (457-3214)
Each month of Spanish instruction costs $135
Each seminar course costs $30
For a contploto catalog oi CIDOC courses Ior lilo Iirst parl of i071
For a lroo copy of Evoiatt Runner's program Ior the spring discussiun~

Write to:

ClDOC—Spring 1971 '

APDO. 479, CUERNAVACA, MEXICO

ADVERTISEMENT

 

 

 

 

 

