 ___m .A k - A A,“

 

.. S-vﬂtn“1‘ﬂ“*ﬁ"‘-\~“’=7- «M». \.Ar.......,.-.:.m..- .0

i:

 

 

PAGE 6:

 

vvisitatione

 

 

b Edward Shaw

The Doors said it all a while back in “When the Music 's Over: "
What have they done to the earth?

What have they done to our fair sister?

Rat/aged and plundered and ripped her and bit her

Stuck her with knives in the side of the dawn

And tied her with fences and dragged her down.

Now thatSiirth Day is over and Mayor Corning is back polluting
City” Halifwliat‘ have we learned? To be sure, the carnival like
atmosphere surrounding many of the teach-in exhibits might have
clouded a part of the seriousness that was intended for Arpil 22.

How many of us actually grasped the dire urgency of the
environmental crisis? How many understood the impending doom
that awaits us all if we do nothing? How many have begun to educate
themselves in relation to the problem and how many are really taking
a close look at their own life styles with regard to the environment?

I do not mean to imply that by simply using low phosphate
detergents (such as Trend) or riding bicycles to school, pollution in all
its forms will go away; unfortunately it's not that simple. My point is
that that things will not improve until we understand the problems in
all their complexity and then demand change from ourselves as well as
from the politicians and from industrv. (For those of you who think
in terms of revolution, the 48 million metal cans discarded annually
will still be with us after the revolution comes

‘What can I do.“ you ask. In order :0 do anything, you must first
understand the problem(s). There is an abundance of literature today
written on the environmental emergency-devour it. Second, PYE is
only as strong as we all make it- it‘s not radical enough for you? Outta
sight- let’s radicalize PYE. You think the environmental issue is a
copout for Viet Nam and Civil Rights? Viet Nam and Arbor Hill are
both two ugly forms of pollution and will never be solved until we
Understand that they are as much a part of our environmental
problem as is the air we breathe and the water we drink. And in the
final analysis. what does anything matter if we’re all dead?

To conclude. we gotta start moving cause there isn't much time
left. Rod Cameron, executive director“ the Environmental Defense
Fund puts it like this:

“Being militant about
environmental degradation
does not indicate one's
politics. It only indicales
one 's desire to survive. "

 

TUESDAY, APRIL 28, 1970

R— ‘

   
 

you Enter ME To 3mm
You "AVE 10 aLow ur Your:

    

 

 

 

.4 34441an My 741s

 

 

by Barry Kirschner

 

Once upon a time more were two college instructors named Dr.
Heckle and Mr. Jyde. Both were men of outstanding intellect. and
performed well during the heat of an interview. Each of these men
hoped to establish a permanent place in the university for themselves.

Dr. Heckle had an interesting approach to higher education. A
slogan in his office read “you can't get royalties from teaching."
Heckle was a prolific writer. His book dealing with the reason for an
upper and a lower rather than just one intcstinc received universal
acclaim from his students and family.

Dr. Hecklc had his problems in class. Although he wanted the
students to digest all of the material in his work. the class protested
that the intestines were alot of crap.

Although he realized that something was not getling through,
Heckle did not let classroom inadequacies get in his way. He con-
tinued reading and writing about the intestines. A wcnkcr man would
have been sick to his stomach. but Heckle persevered.

Mr. Jyde had another approach to his job. While he believed that it
was nice to write books his first consideration was what went on in
class. Unlike Dr. Heckle‘s class. the students in Jydc's class didn't need
an exceptional amount of intestinal fortitude to show up.

Jyde was very interested in the well being of the university com-
munity. He always attended meetings dealing with how education
could be mini - better. and how the university could help the neighbor-
ing community. Jyde also was a draft counselor. advising those who
believed in having a good neighbor. but not a life insurance policy.

All was going well until one day when Dr. Heckle and Mr. Jyde
were called before the committee on continuing appointmean and
tenure. Since Heckle had his PhD and had published some material he
wasn’t expected to have a hard time. When the tenured faculty who
sit on the committee saw Heckle's words printed on something more
formal than typing paper. they were impressed.

Mr. Jyde's case didn't go so smoothly. The committee asked what
he had contributed to the university. When Jydc replied that he had
helped students in various ways, the committee insisted on something
more tangible. and easy to calculate (preferably in writing). It was
suggested to the committee that they ask students if they had been
helped, but a member is quoted as saying “what do they know."

As the students feared would happen. Dr. Hecklc was going to be
around quite some time, while Mr. Jyde was not. “The administration
told me that of the criteria established, classroom teaching is the most
significant. What this means to me is that they lied." Jyde cried.

Things returned to normal at the university shortly thereafter.
Everywhere students were pretending to be reading the new book of
Dr. llecklc's. discussing the philosophical significance of why your
second too is almost as large as your first.

KICK IN THE ASP
needs advertising

see Jeff tn the ASP office

or call

467-2190

 

 

 

own rectum": uvme
auARTERS ran um wsrk?!

    

 

 

Communications

 

 

WSUA
Yes

To the Editors:

On Wednesday. Thursday. and
Friday. April 28. 29. and 30, you.
the student body of this Univer-
sity, will be asked to decide
whether mandatory student tax
should be continued.

The importance of this referen-
dum cannot be emphasized
enough. It will affect the direction
and growth of every student or
ganization and service which is
funded by Student Association. It
is often not realized just how
many organizations this funding
encompasses...

examples are endless...some of
them are...

the free ASP you pick up twice
a week

next year‘s football team——

the free Torch——-

WSUA-there when you want

on tax

 

 

it

 

Academic clubs

AMIA athletics

Quad activities

Better conccrtAll these activities
will suffer or disappear—that‘s
right unless mandatory stu-
dent tnx goes through.

WSUA has perhaps the most al
stake in this referendum. Our
plans are to move uptown and go
stereo—FM within the next year.
Along with much hard work on
the part of the stuff this endeavor
will require money, lots of it.
Without mandatory student tax.
we cannot move uptown. Costs
just won't permit it. Besides this.
all possibility of our going FM this
year or any time in the near
future will disintegrate Lack
of money will cripplc all the
efforts currently in progress. We.
the staff of WSUA. want to bring
you a better radio station, avail-
able to all sutdcnts on and .off
campus without buzzing and in
tcrfuence; we want to give you
good programming. up to the
second campus news. Without
money this cannot become a reali-
ty.

As corny as it sounds. you can
help Student Association to help
you by supporting mandatory stu-
dent tax. All activities must have
money to work. Vote yes— that's
Wednesday. Thursday, and Fri-
day. April 28, ‘29. and 30.

 

 

 

 

Keith Mann

Scruba is alive

To the Editors:

In reference to your statement
in Friday's ASP. the Scuba Club
will not fold due to a lack of
funds, Our activities may be cur-
tailed. but We shall continue to
instruct and introduce people to
the science of Skin and Scuba
diving.

We as members of one organi-
zation on campus support the
mandatory student tax not only
for its direct inﬂuence upon our
club, but also for its effect on
every student that participates in
an activity or social function
funded by this tax. Since virtually
everyone is affected. the Univer-
sity as a whole will benefit.

The club will continue to in‘
crease in popularity and expand
its functions. but our progress will
be greatly hindered unless the tax
becomes required next year. We
of the Scuba Club. therefore. urge
everyone to vote in favor of the
Mandatory Tax.

Sincerely.
Mark Riaboy. President
Jacqueline Hunt. V. Pres.

I C
Cruse 5300
To the Editors and our Fellov
Students:

In a story about Crisis 5300
written in the ASP on April 24 it
was stated that Louis Lieberman
of the Sociology Department and
Dr. Janet Hoods‘ Health Service
were a part of the Crisis 5300
group. This is a total miscon-
ception. Crisis 5300 was initiated.
formed. and is run totally by
students for students. In no way
are we connected with Doctor
Hood or the University Health
Service. All calls and people com-
ing to us are completely confi-
dential to the students involved.
We sincerely hope that the stu-
dents in the university will come
to us as we are interested only in
helping and we are in no way
connected with the Health Service
or any other department within
the university.

We're not here for value judg»
ments...our only concern is giving
you some people and a place to
try to solve a hassle without being
hasslcd.

The STAFF OF CRISIS 5300

Vote no on tax

To the Editors:

Recently we have been hearing

a lot about how we. the students.
are going to be hurt in all kinds of
ways if mandatory student tax is
not approved 1his week. What it
all seems to come down to is that
it appears that if the tax were
made voluntary a number of stu-
dents would mukc the free choice
not to fund student association to
the tune of $60+ per your and as
result student association would
not be able to spend these stu-
dents' money for them . And so
we are being asked to coerce thcso

recalcitrant students to conform
to the norm of paying student
tax.

We. however, cannot accept
such an approach to life at
Albany. We believe in a campus
where no group of students. how-
ever large. arrogates to itself the
responsibility for seeing to it that
all students spend their money in
the “right” way by paying student
tax. We urge a negative vote on
mandatory student tax.

Sincerely, Tony Kisclis
Christina Binder

Another no

To the Editor:

This week. thanks to over 1900
students we‘re getting another
chance to decide on Mandatory
Student Tax; if you remember, it
was only passed by 50 votes the
last time. this time let’s defeat it.

This is the first year for manda-
tory tax, we don't need it to get
along.

Ifl feel that my money is being
misused. I want the option to stop
paying. What's wrong with that?
As it stands now. Central Council
can decide where the money's
going and if you don‘t like it
that‘s tough.

Sure we get great benefits out
of Student Tax, but this year
some clubs get more than their
share of the budget. tag. the Judo
club gets $6.000. How many
members do they have?

If the benefits are as good as
they say they are they should in-
able to sell them on their merits.
If they can't sell their product.
what's wrong with it?

Dan Duncan
Young Conservativcs

 

TUESDAY, APRIL 28, 1970

Editorial Comment

votecarefullyvotecarefullyvotecarefullyvotecarefully
votecarefullyvo‘ ” lllyvotecarel'ullyvotecarefully
votecarefullyvo vote..illyvotecarefullyvotecarefully
votecarefullyvotecareful' ‘ " -tecarefu y
votecarefullyvotecarefulCareful] :tecarefully
votecarefullyvotecarefullyvotecarefun, votecarefully
votecarefullyvotecarefullyvotecarefullvvntecarel‘ullv
votecarefullyvotecarefullyvotecareful’

Where is the day use calla?

by Women‘s Liberation Front

G.G and A.T.

Over two months ago the Women's Liberation Front presented
demands relating to the establishment of a day care center for staff,
students and faculty of this campus to Mr. Clifton Thorne and other
administration officials. The response has been negative.

After initial confrontations where we insisted that the need for
such a facility was present and obvious. we grudgingly agreed to send
out a questionnaire to ascertain specific data concerning those who
might use the center so that the administration could draw up a “tidy
package.”

After delaying us over 3 weeks with details concerning the form
and content of the questionnaire, one was sent out. Two weeks later
representatives from the Women's Liberation Front met with Mr.
Thorne. Mr. Spellman, and Miss David from Social'Services. 10% of
the questionnaires sent out had been returned. ’l‘hese returns indicated
that 283 children would use a day care center on campus It was
agreed that this represented a minimum number.

The discussion moved on to what action could now be taken.
Citing some Social Service laws Mr. Thorne then stated that it was
illegal for SUNYA to use either funds of facilities for the purpose of a
day care center. Our reactions were ones of anger and suspicion.
Anger over the delay of 2 months when he could have told us sooner
and saved us all the time and effort. (For those of your who are
keeping a count of administration duplicity, here’s one for the score
board.) And suspicion over Thorne's references to laws since both
Buffalo and‘Cortland have day care centers. After consulting a lawyer.
who in trun researched both university and social service laws. we
realize that Thorne was lying. Our lawyer is now in the process of
drawing up a memorandum of how a day care center may be legally
established on campus.

Questions have arisen as to why the Women's group feels it is the
university‘s responsibility to provide day care facilities. Our response
is that by not doing so this university is discriminating against women.
Many women are unable to attend classes or hold employment at this
university because they have small children. Others who are students
or employees must pay up to $50 a week for babysitters

And to those who would respond that one must choose between a
career and a family we say that breeding takes two and we don't see
why it must be the woman who has to choose between career and
family, For years men have had both. Women have a right to the same
opportunities

This university. by its very nature. is a social institution. It must
begin to meet’ social needs. It is currently discriminating against

women’s of this society by denying them access to employment or
education because they have small children. It is forcing women to
choose between two roles. roles that shouldn‘t be mutually exclusive
and haven't been for generations of men.

The Women’t Liberation Front feels that the resources of this
campus are being misused. We do not wish to take funds away from
other sources which are meeting needs ofstnff. students, and faculty.
We do feel that the need for a day care center is more urgent than an
executive dining roon or parking lot. We demand that this university
stop discriminating against women and begin to meet the social needs
of all its staff, students, and faculty.

 

asp stall

 

The Albany Student Press is published twice a week by the
Student Association of the State University of New York at
Albany. The ASP editorial ofﬁce is located in room 334 of the
Campus Center building. This neWSpapcr was founded by the
Class of 1918 and is funded by studcnl lax. ASP phones are
457-2190 and 457-2194. If no answer. messages may be left at
457.9430.
Editors-in-Chic/
Gary (loll and Anita 'I'hnycr

Pal ()‘IIcrn
Nancy Durisll
(.‘urol Hughes
. . . Alh‘cnia
. Vir‘llilclrlin
, Linda Wu!ch

Ilobcrl I‘arriilanl
. . Dunc Fink
. . 'l‘orn (.‘Iiugun
Linda Slaszak

. llnrry Kirschncr
. A rulynn Almrc

. Chuck Ilibak

. . . . Sharon Philips-on
. . . . . . . . .Glol‘ia Ilollislcr
. . , . . Jc/flfodgcrs
. . . . . I’hilFranchini
Ed Polrhuwski

Managing Editor
News Editors

Assistant Ncws Editors
Arts Edilnr . . . , , . . .
Sports Editors

'I‘cclinicul Edilors . . . . . .

Cily Editor . . . . . .
Wire Services It'dilur
Business Illonagcr
Circulation Manager
Production Manager
Advertising Manager
National Ad Manager .
Phologruphy Editor , . .

All communications should be addressed In th editors and must be
signed. Names wlll be withald on request. Letters are limited to 300
words and are subject to editing. Editorial policy of the Albany Student
Press ls determined by the Editon-in-Chlal.

 

 

 

un-~‘._.m~

ALBAN Y STUDENT PRESS

PAGE 7 I

Thoughts On Central Council

by Bob Wlmer
ASP Reporter

Since Student Association elections for President
and Vice-President are less than a week away (May
3), I feel that I. as an ASP reporter who has watched
Central Council in action for the past few months
must make a few comments on what I see.

Council to no one’s great surprise is highly

a

‘ and um r ' of the .,
duate student body at this university. Less than half
of Council 116 to be exact) is directly elected by the
student body. The other Councilmen come from the
Commissions (10). Pan Hellenic Council (2), and the
remaining five are faculty.

And I'm sure most members of Council would
agree that they serve in an undemocratic fashion,
and would tell me that they are working on a new
Constitution. Okay. where is it? When will it be put
to the students for a referendum? September
December, February, or perhaps next spring? I can
only interpret this paradox one way: very few
people. including SUNYA students, are willing to
part with power. and will hold onto it as tenaciously
as they can -- even for an abstract ideal called
democracy. For personal interests. I believe Council
is stalling (especially the non-elected representa-
tives) to bring direct representation to SA.

And naturally. I will be told that they haven‘t
had enough time to complete the revised
Constitution. Nonsense. 18 months is long enough.
Haven’t special meetings been called for unexpected

'SElECIlVE

by Greg

and pressing events (i.e. Dialogue. and Passover)?
The solution as I see it, is for Council to buckle
down and meet in sessions to complete the more
democratic Constitution.

I expect too. an answer to the effect that how
would I like to meet every Sunday night to work on
the Constitution. YOU were elected. or appointed,
and ‘L ‘ YOU must take the responsibilities, as
well as the prestige. power, and inﬂuence the office
affords you.

Now. a look to the future of SA. I sincerely
hope that next Sunday night. when the newly
elected Council elects its President and Vice-
President (which. of course. is undemocratic, too),
it looks for more than bureaucratic and admini-
strative expertise, namely idealism. I am apprehen-
sive that Council might select a President and/or
Vice-President who are expremely knowledgable on
SA. but have no sense of responsibility towards
their constituents. Of course, I would like the
President and his Vice-President to be good admini-
strators, as well as good responsive and responsible
leaders I do not believe, however, (that we have
anyone in Council who embodies the best of two
worlds. Therefore, I hope that when Council meets

to choose its' Pres. and V.P. this Sunday night, it
.looks for people who do not lock themselves away
from university or world concerns in a vacuum of
bureaucratic paperwork, but rather people who are
solidly integrated into the student body.

SERVICE’

Kirse

Greg was formerly a draft counselor at the Capital Area Peace Center on Madison Avenue He has now

left the area.

Congress and the Department of Justice are in
the process of learning that unpopular foreign wars
and an obsolete Selective Service System create
more problems than they solve. Even now. there are
indications that the Selective Service bureaucracy
and the civil courts are straining under the weight of
dissent. appeals, and criminal prosecutions.

In 1967, there were over 1000 criminal prosecu~
tions for Selective Service violations; there were
over 3000 in 1969; and this year draft prosecutions
are expected to reach over 4000.

Last year draft prosecutions accounted for 10%
of all criminal action initiated by the Dept. of Jus-
tice. This percentage was only surpassed by prosecu-
tions for narcotics. auto theft, and immigration. If
current trends continue. draft violations will be the
country's number one crime in 1970.

The federal courts are beginning to be inundated
with more draft prosecutions than they can comfor-
tably handle. Many of the 4000 men that are antici-
pating prosecution in 1970 committed their viola-
tions in 1968 and 1969. In many federal court dis-
tricts. draft prosecutions are lagging behind by sc-
veral years.

It is the belief of some attorneys that the Courts
and the Justice Department will not be able to keep
pace with prosecutions without causing the collapse
of the en tire judicial system. It also appears that the
4000 prosecutions anticipated for 1970 will only be
a fraction of the number of men that have in reality
violated the law.

A man who refuses induction must be tried in the
Federal Court. District where the induction ccntcr
he refused at is located. ln districts where federal
judges have consistently given light or suspended
sentences (such as those in California) men have
been transferring their induction to these areas.
What appears to be happening in some districts is
that the Justice Department is only prosecuting one
out of twu men. and letting the other remain free.

This would appear to contradict what the new
“law and order“ administration says it will do. Mit-
chcll and his boys have said they will be sccking to
prosecute all men who violate the law. I believe that
the present judicial system in the United States is
incapable of doing this.

To add to Mitchell's problems and two recent
Supreme Court decisions (Gutknecht and Brcen v.
US.) which found the accelerated induction of
draft delinquents unconstitutional. What this means
is that men who violate Selective Service. but must
be prosecuted in civil criminal proceedings.

The 33.000 men who are now classified dolin-
qucnt, who have not gone to Physical Exams. and
who have turned in their draft cards. can no longer
be issued induction orders out of the legal order of
call by lottery number. These thousands will be
added to the thousands who are already liable to
prosecution. thereby adding to the court's already
overloaded burden.

The Supreme Court has also determined that a
man who has not registered for the draft can no
longer be prosecuted if he reaches the age of 23.
Under the old law. a man who did not register could
be prosecuted until he was 3! years old. The court

has determined that the statue of limitations only
extends for five years from a man's 18th birthday.
A non-registrant who has reached the age of 23 and
5 days, is now free from military servece. The
chances are however that congress will re-write the
law, and this court decision may not be in effect in
the future.

Not all men who refuse to participate in the mili-
tary refuse induction. There are currently an esti-
mated 40,000 men who have left this country and
who have taken up permanent residence in Canada.
At the end of this year, it is estimated that an addi-
tional 20,000 men will join them.

The Selective Service System as it now is bureau-
craticly organized is composed of over 4000 autono-
mous local boards. all of which follow different
standards for deferments. exemptions. and proce-
dures. In one Supreme Court case. Justice William
Douglas accused Selective Service of “blatantly law-
less" conduct.

It is a common practice for Draft Board members
to -meet once a month to determine classifications.
What this means is that boards with a large number
of registrants apparently do not have time to con-
sider each registrant's deferment claim in depth.

In a New York Times article (March 8, 1967) It
was reported that local board 13-3 in N.Y.C. called
“typical” the processing of 1500 of its 12,000 regi-
strants at each monthly meeting. It is reportedly not
unusual to spend as little as three seconds per regi-
strant before determining classification or action to
be taken. This means that men who do not take
advantage of their right to a personal appearance
may have a cursory 3 or perhaps 30 seconds consid-
eration given to their claim prior to classification.

To prevent being "rubber stamped." men who
have been placed into an undesirable classification
have been seeking their right to a Personal Appear-
ance in front of their boards. and to a State Appeal
following the personal appearance. Going in person
to talk with the local board members insures thata
fair consideration is given to the individual rcgi-
strnnt.

In 1967 there were an estimated 10.000 appeals
made to the State Appeal Boards. and in 1969 there
were over 119.000 State Appeals made. From this it
would appear that the number of personal appear-
ances requested must have also geometrically in-
creased since 1967.

In many New York State Draft Boards. it may
take up to six months before the members are able
to schedule a personal appearance. a man cannot be
drafted while he is waiting for an appearance or an
appeal.

If all 1500 registrants who are “routinely” clas-
sified each month were to ask for a personal up-
pcurance in front of their boards, it would be liter-
ally impossible for the board to process them. It
each man took up five minutes of the of the boards
time talking to them. lt would be physically impos'
sible to process them all even if the board worked
24 hours a day for the entire month.

A Draft Counseling Service Is soon to be estab-
lished on campus. It will be housed in the Campus
Center. and will be open in the evenings. Watch fut~
ure ASP articles for the time and place.

  
  

  
   
   
   
    
   
    
   
  
   
   
   
    
      
   
   
  
   
    
    
  
   
   
  
  
    
    
 
     
    
   
    
   
     
  
    
 
 
  
   
     
  
   
   
   
    
   
  
  
  
    
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
     
   
    
    
          
    
 
           
   
      
     

     

