   

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

_ - Leap

 

page 12

 

 

 

. ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

STUDENT POWER

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 

An ASP Feature
by Vicki Zeldin

“Justice for Gerry Wagner" is on the Willis and red and black badges
are on the students, and the group responsible for this new “trend is
Student Power.

Student Power became more than just a phrase. and became an
organization over the Gerry Wagner issue. in interViews With some of
the leading figures of this new organization. there was'a consensus
thiit the Wagner issue was the spark that ignited the iuse forming
Student Power. But it is not only Gerry that students iire fighting for.
He is their symbol. and they know it‘.’ and Gerry knows it and
hopefully the administration knows it too. What is more basic to this
organization's struggle is what it feels the role of the students should
be in this university.

What Student Power is fighting for is student power. Power to be a
part of the decision-making iipparatus of this university. As Dave
Wollkind. a post doctoral research associate in math and a member of
the group. said. “who should know better than the students if an
instructor is good?" As Joe Green. a junior. a member of the
University Senate. iind a member of the group. said. “i want to bean
active agent in my education. not ii passive agent." And as Gerry
Wagner said. "who has the right to say that no bills can be posted here
(poles on perimeter road)?" Whiit is basic to iill these statements is a
desire to put power and authority where it belongs. '

In an interview with Skip Counts and Rich Ariza. both active
members of Student Power. some of the goals of Student. Power as
they see them were spelled out. Skip spoke first of .l‘iis ‘general
"dissatisfaction with the incompetence of the administration. speci-
fically Dr. Kathleen Kendall and Dean 0. William Perimutter.

Both Counts and Ariza felt that Kendall used unjust power when
she abolished the ItPA l'aciilty-student committee of d and ti whose
purpose was to make major policy decisions within the departn‘ient.
and took the Gerry Wagner issue into her own hands. Counts and
AriZii both want to see a reinstatement of this committee of H iind H.
and also extend the idea of an equally represented studentvl'iiculty
committee to evaluate and formulate all university policy.

They want to see an end to “publish or perish" because as they put
it. “to be it good instructor one doesn't need to have a doctorate. ‘

Under longer range goals Ariza spoke of abolishing (‘ciitriil Council
and its subsidiaries and replacing them with iin “All University
Government." Also there was a mention that Student Power would
look into the racial issues concerning the construction firms hired to
work on campus. _

Both Counts iind Ariza sec Student Power ' supportive group.
They said that they would lend assistance and leadership to any group
that came to tlicm for hpr. Several groups have already conic to
them. Among these are I’VE. tlial wants to know why llil‘ irccs
behind the Campus Center were pulled down without their licing
consulted. and the Experimental General College. that wants to know
how to get more of the funds that. it should rightfully be receiving.

In an interview with Joe (‘irccn that was cut short by the Sunday
night "Gerry Wagner happening" much of what (‘oiuils and Ari‘mi
spoke of was repeated. (ircen. too, wants to see the committee oi h
and H in the RPA department reinstated. He also spoke ol i-xtcnding
this cominin idea to other areas of thc iinchrsiiy.

Green. a member of the University Senate. is sponsoring a hill along
with Rich Kamp tanotlicr Student Power member) to reinstate the
HPA committee of H and H. in essence to rescind Kendall's actions.

Dave Wollkind who is 27 and a past niiilli instructor here last year.
the author of several published works and now doing post doctoral

 

 

\

dance

?0 we

EEDPME

J1-

TUESDAY, MARCH 10. 1970

research here is very intensely involved in the ideas of Student‘Power.
He is concerned with the research orientation. in. the University.‘He
said in essence that research is the main priority With education
' r o r second. '
rurillV1<l3IlllLl<ilniJI s‘ind that rather than a “publish or perish" attitude. there
should be one of “produce or perish." By produce he meant in the
sense of doing service for the community and the university. (He
spoke of Wagner‘s involvement with Interact as an example of this
service.) He said that once the “Damacles Sword of research is pulled
out of the professor the chances for batter instruction and for a better
' udents are enhance ."

ruggziiiti‘rlilgilbihteeiibhers in general be said, “either they have it or they
don’t. No matter how intelligent. a man may be there is a certain
something that either makes him a good prof. or a bad prof.. and
students are the best judges of this." .

Wollkind would like to see an "organized mechanism to gauge the
feedback" from the students regarding instructors. He spoke ol using
a questionnaire. either a verbal one or a written one or both. He cited
Perlmutter‘s meetings with students concerning Wagner as a good

ch.
“DSECT’S questionnaire was the right type of idea, but. it ‘Was not
effective since it was optional for the professors. In Wollkind's words,
“since it is optional the real winners never give the questionnaires. '

In addressing himself directly to the Wagner issue he said that this
was a terribly unfair. extreme case. and that it must never happen
again. He spoke of the obviously strong student support for Wagner
and seemed to be in complete disbelief at the administration 8 lack of
reaction to it. He reaffirmed his belief that the students should be in
on deciding who teaches iind who does not. Speaking of Kendalllhe
said. “putting Kendall in charge of the RPA Department is like
putting the fox in charge of the henhouse." ‘ ‘

As for the other goals of Student Power he referred-to making this
an “Open University." and referred to Wagner's earlier cited state-
ment. He felt that it is not up to the adminstration to demde who to
open and who to close the university to. It is up to the students. ‘

When asked about the use of violence as a means to achieve certain
of the organization's ends Wollkind replied. “We are using purely
academic protest since we feel that it is the best way. but what do you
do when all legal channels are exhausted?“ >

In speaking with Rich Kamp and Claire Fritz. both among the chief
organizers of Student Power, about the overall impact of Student
Power they said. ‘want to get the students together on univeriuty
problems. at present we iire completely apolitical." They, too. spoke
to the committee of H and 8 in the RPA Department. and Joe Green
and Kemp working in the Senate to rescind Kendall‘s actions.

 

--'Siluel‘

Fritz and Kamp want to put an end to the yearly teacher dismissal
battles. "Last year it was Waterman and llhodos. this year it's Wanner.
We want to establiin ii precedent and form a siiidcntfiiculty rcvicw
board to deal with teacher tenure and dismissal so that this won'l
occur again next year." They both would like to see a 50:5”
representation iif faculty and students on all department review
boards and also in the University Senate.

()n long range goals. they. as Ariza and Counts. spoke of Student
Powiir as having ii supportch rolo. ’l‘licy ininitioncd Working with
PYI‘I. Nl.()t‘- iiiiil Woman‘s Liberation ilN examples.

Fritz expressed the hope that Student Power would in the futiii'il
work to keep the State Police off campus.

All and all Student Power seems to be relatively self explanatory.
What it is working for is student power. Power to have a say and an
effect in the decisions and policies that affect no one more than they
affect the students.

 

 

 
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

   

sit-in.

Gerry Wagner;

: ALBANY STUDENT '

4

Local radio stations interview Gerry Wagier while students beyn trick marathon Administration Building

ms:  :

The State "density of New York at Albany

. WM

---rosenberg

NO DECISION YET!

by Vicki Zeldin

Thursday at high noon a stu-
dent sit-in marathon was initiated.
Approximately 150-200 crammed
into the red-carpeted area in front
of President Kuusisto's office.
Student Power, now with the
backing of two Central Council
bills. presented the administration
with two sets of “requisites.” not.
demands.

One was that students would
remain where they were until
Gerry Wagner was “given notifica-
tion concerning his term renewal"
pltis "Dean I’erlinutter's original.
unedited report.“ which contains
recommendations about Wagner
plus other information that can
only be speculated on at this time.

The second requisite was for
“complete faculty-student control
of all aspects of University life."
They asked for a reply to this
request on Thursday. March it).

()lhi-r groups Wt‘l’t‘ also present
in the building Nl.()(' was present
aiiil did not seem to llli‘i'l Willi a
favorable response. What seems to
be a iii-w student group was also
present in lllt‘ form of Iliili
lst-iiiun The group, The ('oaliiion
|"or lii‘>[)1l||\llili‘ Sliiili-iii .\t‘l|tili.
pi'i-si-iiit‘il a paper containing
a-\i-n lll‘llh tli.i| i‘xsi'lilldll)‘ at
il‘lllilll'll Io iiiillil') llll‘ \llltlt'lll
ai-Iiiin The group did, however,
.nlt for .i “lli‘||.|i'llllt‘l|l.ll coniniii
Il't' i'oiiiptisi-il of no loss than L’Ii’.’

student niaiors in lllt‘ tli‘liill‘llllt'lll
lo llIi|l\I' decisions on ilic matter
of lining. firing and It‘lliil't‘ of
faculty "

Singing. card playing and gcni-r
.il rapping filled the hours spcnt tn
\\'.i|i and "cool" ainl "right on"

\\'l'|t' lllt' words for llii‘ day A
constant t'tiilt't‘i'll was Vtili't‘tl iliiil
Ilii- .ii‘ca lii' 1'lt'illli‘tl lit-l'iii'i' lliil
\liitli'nis [oil

the gioiip .il tiiiit-s ilwniilli-d.
liill the spirit was lllt‘ saiiiil "-liisl
Ii'i‘ loi tii‘ri'y Wagin'i” and “no”;
.ii'ioss lllt' Iioai’ils sliiili-ni t‘llllll'tll
oi .ill llnivt-rsiiy lift- "

The students were for the moat
pa rt orderly. controlled and
patient

Throughout the many hours
spent on the second floor of the
Administration Building waiting
for Wagner information concern-
ing what was happening was dis-
seminated. What may have only
been a rumor. or a misunderstand-
ing on someone‘s part. or may
have been truth. concerned the
response of the department chair-
men concerning the Wagner issue.
It was reported that a large num-
ber of chairmen threatened to
resign their positions if Wagner
were reinstated. This report initi-
ated a series of phone calls to the
chairmen in an effort to find out
if this were trite. iind to "educate'I
them as to what the issues were.
At the last report there hiid been
19 chairmen polled. 'Nelve were
in favor of 50430 representation. 6
were against. and one was tinde-
cided.

Wagner. with his lawyer I’red
(.‘olien. liiid been meeting with
Kiiiisisto. O'Rcilly and Morris
from :lztlt). Fred (iolicn came to
the students at iiztlt) to report that
no decision hail been rcai‘licd. The
meeting was to lie rcconvciicd iit
7'Iltl Just before Wagner returned
to the meeting lll‘ t'illlll' to the
students whose iiiiinlicrs liatl
Iil‘iliﬂltlil off to about Iltl Wagner
t'illlll‘ lii'ai'ing t‘lltii‘tlllilt' sli‘i'
eggs and said. "If I am going in l)l'
i'riii'ifii'd I might as well lIil\'t' It
li.ippy l‘lusli‘r " llc ilicn tl(‘|)ill'l|‘(l
to return to his inci-tiiig.

t)tlii-r points of information
were ulvt'll iliroiiglioiii Illl' hours
spciii waiting An ASP reporter,
.»\I Sonia. who had just returned
from liiil'l'alo t't'pnl'lt'tl lliiil ilic
striltc coininitlcc llit'l't' bud l‘ll'
ilorscil the actions at Albany. and
were iisliiiig for a siiiiiliir i-nilorsc
nii-ni from Albany.

 

A gain-nil appeal was Made for
all students to speak to llit‘ll'
iiisli'iii'tors about what was trying
to Ill‘ :ici'oiiiplislii-d by the slur
iii-iiis‘ actions lliivc Wollkind.
from Student Power. l't'lllllitll‘il
the students that the facility was a
very important t'll'illt‘lll to Illll
litiWi'illt'lil and they must lll‘ iii-
formed. It was said that the stu-
iiciiifaciilty coiiiaiiiiccs \voulil

help to open channels between
the two and prevent alienation,

The issue concerning the possi-
bility of mass resignations by the
department chairmen obviously
puts Kuusisto. who said he would
abide by Perlmutter’s recommend-
ations. in a difficult position. Stu-
dents noted that Perimutter had
“really extended himself" over
the Wagner issue. iind they real-
ized that he was in the middle of a
very difficult situation now. Sev-
eral students said that they were
ready to back Perimutter if his
position in the University were
thrdiitened due to the develop-
ments over the Wagner issue.

By about Hzllt) the group liiid
reformed. and about 150 people
were present. Counts and Ariza
spoktI to the group, Counts ile-
scribed llie NLOC. its politics. and
its relationship to Student. Power.
As of yet there (loos not. seem to
llith‘ been any reconciliations of

continued on page 3

a.
.. m 1/

Central Council had it's bl
administration.

  

 
 

 

Divided
We F all

Friday, March l3. l97O

Council Endorses
“Student Power”

by Bob Wanier

Central Council met. Wednesday
evening with 400 studean who
lobbied for the passage of ii bill
that would incorporate the de-
mands of Student Power. In a bill
introduced by Dave Neufeld.
Dick Wesley. Bert Eversley.
Chuck Ribak. Lenny Kopp. Steve
Brown. Larry Smith and Norm
Rich. Council recognized “the ele-
nicni of changiI needed in a grouh
ing university."

Council demanded of the Ad-
ministration “iliat i-acli depart
ment in the University have a
committee composed of Fit "t stu~
dents and 50% faculty." Council
also demanded that the commit.-
tee on Student Conduct and all
Councils and committees in de-
partments and-or University Sen-
ate be apportioned on ii 50-50
basis with faculty and students.

Council. which was pressured
into taking action amidst a rather
impatient crowd, came out quite
strongly in favor of the demands.
yet the students and their student
government were at odds. The
coalition of radicals and New
Leftists were impatient iind in~
tolerant of the slow machinery
(Robert‘s Rules of Order) by
which Council operates.

Even though Council finally
came to grips with the mainstream
of student thought. they were not
in line with the "means" by which
Albany students would achieve
their demands. The students were
further alienated from their go-
vernment because the meeting was
not theirs. since Terry Mathias
was in control of the microphone
and gavel.

Council's goals were coincident
with the students. even if their
means for change differed. Dave
Neufeld said that it was time that
Central Council got “out of its
sterile shell." He said that stu-
dents liave fallen “under sub-
ordination." but that the bill is a
means. not an end.

Lenny Kopp said that “the
movement‘s been building." and
that students have “been taking a
back seat. We want to be treated
as equals. We’re not going to be
nice anymore. We're going to take
action.” Kopp warned students,
however. that the strike should be
used responsibly.

On the subject of faculty in
student demands. an NLOC mem-
ber accused faculty of being pigs.
Another student took a more con-
ciliatory attitude and said that
faculty should not be alienated.
especially the untenured and the
young. Most agreed. however, that
the Administration (Board of
Trustees Governor. etc.) is the
real enemy ofstudent power.

A roll call vote was called.
Twenty-one favored the bill: Judy
Avner. Mike Avon. Jeannette
Beckcrman. Steve Brown. Bert
Eversley. Gary Gold, Joe Kaiser,
Dave Knplan. Lenny Kopp. Mike
Lampert. Sue Levy. Tom Leibog,
Vic Looper. Terry Mathias. Dave
Neufeld. Linda Pierson. Chuck
Ribak. Norm Rich. Larry Smith.
Jean Turner. Dick Wesley. The
only two to oppose were Miss
Alice Corbin and Ralph DiMarino.

The minority opinion as expressed
by Corbin was that this bill is not
the best thing for students and

continued on page 8

 

 

A group of approximately ten students continued their sit-in
inside the administration building last night. Mr. William Seymour
special assistant to the President, stated last night that there are “no
plans for sweeping the building" of the students. Apparently. they
will be allowed to spend the night there; a few iiiiifoniied security
policemen remained inside with them.

The students issued the following statement: “There is a group of
people who have remained from this afternoon and from this
evening. We intend to remain here until a decision is made."

University students were expected to rally in front of the
administration building at 8 am. this morning to plan further

action.

 

 

     

ggciit tumour of the year as demands were prepared for presentation to me

---rosciiberg

 

 

 

~ a,» ,- .—., ,—,-—_‘~‘)‘)‘a:~ .._..i o,-:

- "Mm,,fr.,—_s; .

