 

 

 

I PAGE 10

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1970

A Program for SUNY Professionals:

 

CREATIVE CHANGE
WITHOUT CREATING CHAOS

The Senate Professional Association of
SUNY is one of four organizations
seeking to represent SUNY faculty and
professional staff in a bargaining
representation election this month.

SPA is ably suited to represent the
SUNY professional staff for a number of
reasons:

SPA is the only organization totally
representative of, and devoted to the
needs of the SUNY professionals. SPA,
heir to the traditions of faculty
participation in governance, has been
intimately involved with the problems of
SUNY professionals.

This experience has confirmed SPA's
dedication to the principles of local»
autonomy, local solutions to local
problems, and genuine participation in all
phases of University life.

SPA is the only organization with its
origins in SUNY and Completely
indigenous to SUNY. SPA is free of
entangling alliances with outside forces,
whose allegiances lie outside higher
education and the SUNY system.

SPA is democratic and representative.
On Nov. 20 SPA's 50-plus Representative
Council met in Syracuse to hammer out
SPA's collective bargaining program for
SUNY. SPA's program, developed by its
members was the product of a collective
decision. Because of its dedication to
democratic participation, SPA will never
be in conflict with its membership, nor
will SPA commit itself to causes alien to
higher education and the SUNY system.

SPA will be an effective bargaining
agent. Under an agreement with the 1.1
million member National Education
Association and the 115,000-member
New York State Teachers Association,

 

SPA is entitled to purchase the services of
the leading professional negotiating team
in the nation. SPA will be able to draw
upon the bargaining experience developed
in literally thousands of negotiations in
education. Yet, SPA retains its
independence and complete autonomy.

When entering negotiations, we think
you will agree, it is better to draw upon
the resources of 1.1 million members,
than the 200,000 members of the
AFL-CIO Teachers Union, the 144,000
members of the Civil Service Employees
Association or the 80,000 members of
the AAUP.

SPA has a bargaining program. It is a
bargaining program that most accurately
reflects the needs and aspirations of the
SUNY professionals. (That's where being
democratic and representative come in,
incidentally.)

SPA’s bargaining program (your
bargaining program, actually) calls for:

*A salary program that will achieve
parity with top ranking public universities
nationally. The program calls for
minimum salaries, guaranteed annual
increments, longevity increases, a
cost-of-living adjustment factor and
discretionary merit increases.

*Workload adjustments, with formulas
to be developed on the local campus level
to provide equitable and uniform
standards. Workloads should be reduced
to provide optimum effectiveness for
each faculty member and professional
staff member within the SUNY system.
Assignments of workload should
differentiate between lefels of
preparation required, the nature and
amount of research required to meet the
standards of a particular position, and

 

will take into consideration other
professional obligations such as
committee work, laboratories,
community service, student advising and
student contact.

*Academic freedon and tenure should
be prefaced by AAUP’S 1940 statement
on Academic Freedom and Tenure, as a
minimum standard of protection. SPA
seeks a uniform system of due process for
all University professional staff, tenured
and nontenured, and for all members of
the academic community, including
students. SPA believes that all decisions
of promotion and tenure should be made
locally by an individual’s colleagues.

*SPA favors local governance and the
continued integrity and autonomyof local
campus units. Within the framework of
the statewide contract, SPA intends to
make every possible provision for local
decision-making as desired by the entire
professional staff.

*SPA seeks a wide range of
improvements in a number of additional
areas such as retirement, life insurance,
health insurance, dental and optical
coverage, tuition support and an
improved leave policy.

SPA is determined that that which is
good in the SUNY system be retained,
that every effort be exerted to preserve a
collegial atmosphere conclusive to quality

instruction.
SPA rejects traditional

labor-management approaches to
bargaining which would result in a loss of
traditional prerogatives and those special
elements that elude contractual

definition,
Thats why SPA represents the best

chance for creative change in the SUNY
system-without creating chaos.

Vote SPA: You Know What You Want.

ADVERTISEMENI

ADVERI ISEMENI

ADVERTISEMlzNI

x .
r
i
t

 

 

. . -, ,. u.»..,.w.mmﬁﬁg, ,..I_.,...,,é...a.,.,

 

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1970

ALBAN Y STUDENT PRESS

 

 

graffiti

 

 

 

Peace Project Meeting: Last one
of semester; plans for non-violent
action training and other activities
for next semester. Mon., Dec.
7—Physics Lounge—6:45 p.m.

nun...-

ALBANY STATE Science Fiction
Society meets Fridays at 2 pm,
HU 374. We want to sponsor SF
film series in the spring (12-14
movies: Flash Gordon, Metropolis.
Forbidden Planet, etc.) and :1 SF
convention (writers, editors, artists,
critics) but need your help to carry
out any program. Attend our meet
ings. join the group, help bring SF
freaks out into the open by show
ing yourselves.

.

menu...

The Giant Membership meeting of
the Albany State Drum anti Biiglc
Corps will be held Tues. Dec. 8 .it 8
p.m.; room to be announced. It you
have ever played or marched in a
drum corps or band or would Serlv
ply like to learn more about [his
Organization attend this meeting.

Junior College of Albany is sprin-
soring an exhibition basketball
game between themselves and
West German basketball team on
tour of the US. This team is spun»
soring the Germans in the '72
Olympics. The game is Dec. 11,
1970 at 8 pm, Friday night at tho
J.C.A. Gym on New Scotland Ave.
81 Academy Flood.

Watch the ASP for details about
the Biggest, Cheapest USED BOOK
SALE you‘ve ever imagined.

“in”...

Colonial Quad Board is spon-
soring free buses to Colonie Shop-
ping Center for Christmas. The
buses will leave Colonial at 2, 3, 4,
5, 6 and 7 pm. on Saturday, and
will return at 2:45, 3:45, 4:45,
5:45, 6:45 and 7:45. Only 18 days
till Xmas!

Watch the ASP for details about
the Biggest, Cheapest USED BOOK
SALE you’ve ovor imagined.

Experimental Theatre will present
A Resounding Tinkle by NP.
Simpson, directed by Mort Hess, on
Fri , Dec. 4, and on Saturday, Dec.
5, a double bill, Purgatory by W13.
Ytlats, directed by Shawn King, and
The Glittering Gatess, by Lord
Dunsany directed by channe
Brown. Perloririanccs will be given
birth nights at 7 3t) and 9 p.in. iii
the PAC arena theatre. Admission is
tree.

inn-n...

Degree Applications Itir June
1971 Gratliiatitiii Will ritit lit)
.irtt'riptutl altoi Flldily, leliiiiiity 5.
Applications rtlltl workshops may
lli.‘ pitzkietl up in llll‘ liirtiistriir's
()llit:ie.

“nu...”

Watch llIl.‘ ASP lilt details about
llll! Biggest, Clicaiiirst USED BOOK
SAI i' ytiii'va IEVUI irriagiiietl.

. . . . . . . . . .

Tlii: (itiltlcii I ytI CUIIGI'IIUIISI,‘ prll
stints "Stillwiilei," .i bltltls and
country iiit:k tirtliiii on l'tl(lilv, Dot.
/1. 820 Madison Ave. Doors open at
El p,iii. Admission IS lllli‘, Info
438 3604

All residence facilities. except
one, will be closed for Winter re-
cess. Wednesday, December 23, at
10:00 am. through Sunday, Jan-
uary 17, at noon with this one
exception, all other residence halls
on campus will be locked and the
Iok-boxes removed. No students
will be permitted to stay in these
halls. The rationale for consolida-
tion facilitates security, mainte-
nance and cleaning of the closed
halls, and allows most of the
residence staff to have some time
till.

Special arrangements are being
made to rICt‘OllltJtlélle students, simi-
lar 10 Thanksgiving arrangements,
over this recess period. Requests to
remain in restdence during this time
must be tirade to your respective
Residence Hall‘ Dirtrcmr by De»
combat 10. 1970. The Residence
Hall Directors will determine. the
legitimacy of ouch rut‘tueSt.

.......
pARSEc—ineets Friday after
noon at 1 [Lil], HU 374. Wt? have
the t'ontrilnitinns. Wt! need workers
to Ufgiiltlll? the first ISSUO.

. ......

There Will be an important intent
inti til the PYE Iiot'yt‘ling Ctiiriniit
uni Monday, Dec 7 .it 7 Lit) p_iii. in
nu l30.

.........-

Ukraiiian Strident Ottiaiii/tition
sponsors a panel discussion, itl Sago
liit‘tiita hall, H.P.|., till Sitl,, Doc. 5
front 11%. Tulltllsi ilit: relevancy til
it trtilliage education and the tild tlllCl
new "IUIHIIIIHS. Followed by .1
(Inner! limit 82 (ll lltt! Ukrainian
Club For iiiltiriiitiliriii t..il| Milrtliii
at 2117 7722.

 

377W! (ﬁlm’qllfﬁﬂ'l'
(normwrﬁlflm- ~

 

  

 

 

 

 

To sell: Polaroid 350 Land
Camera. Flashgun and carrying
case. Cheap. Cull Brad 472-5092.

ire-acne...

Watch the ASP for details about
the Biggest, Cheapest USED BOOK
SALE you've ever imagined.

Inna-nine-

i need a groovy couple for it nice
little apt. (your own) in the own
"V. near campus. About $90.
457-8990, leave massage.

cannon-III

FOR SALE: 4 TRACK. STEREO
PANASONIC TAPE RECORDER
$60 motor lust lnstnllod. Full tape
library included. Asking $86,000.
Cull Joey, 4725106.

Piano lessons. Beginners preferred
but will take anybody. Expan-
eneed. $3.50 for 46 minutes. Cull
Kenn 4673246.

nun-innuen-

Found: Men's Brown Siiudii
Jacket. Gummu Kup Lounge. Ctill
467-8929.

nee-annal-

Apartment to slim: Male Studunl
seeks some for one bedroom upurt~
mom nonr SUNY Bus route. $77.50
lncludet utllltlm. Call 482-4601.

 

 

Classified

Guitar instruction wanted by
intermediate guitarist—lPickingl
folk, bluirs, rock. 786-9121.

toluene...

 

 

STUDENT EMPLOVMENT Ilt
Vollowstono and till U.S. National
Parks. Booklet tells where and how
to apply. Send $2. Arnold Agency,
206 East Main, Roxburg, Idaho,
83400. Money brick guarantee.

. n . e . . - . i. .

Watch the ASP for details about
the Biggest, Cheapest USED BOOK
SALE you've ever imagined.

. . . . . . .

Girl's high school class ring found
iii Itivntory, 22nd floor Eastman
tower. Initials. Ctill Pnin 4674715.

. . n i. . . . - . .

Wanted. Two girls to share ox-
pensns on trip to Mitimi during
intorsussiaii. Cull Lnii tit 7-3044.

lllllllll!

For Stile—Drums with Cymbals.

Puul 4674996.

. . . . i . . . . .

Skis for Sirlti...Fishur
UP's...206's...onu yiitir old...rucon-
thtionoti in suinmtir...$80...Look
Nilvtidti/Griiiid Ptix Bindings...
$30...togothor $100...Hond
Miisturs...190's...originnlly
$120...er1 still litill price...wnl
accept best ollurs...contuct Lynn
Miirtiii wuektluyi only...465-3747.

urn-nu-

Watch the ASP for details about
the Biggest, Cheapest USED BOOK
SALE you've ever imagined.

“nu...-

Roommate wanted—$60 month
near Wash. Purk. Nice. Call Eliot.
434-4938.

nun”...

OPPORTUNITV, spnretimo,
addressing envelopes and circulars.
Make $27 per thousand. Hand-
written or typed, in your home.
Sond lust $2 for instructions and u
LIST OF FIRMS USING ADDRES-
SERS. Satisfaction Guaranteed! 8
8i V Enterprises, Dept. 11-104, PO
Box 398, Ponrblossom, Calif.
93563.

nun...”

Wanted: One or two girls to share
an apartment. Near but. Coll
4826161.

. a . n . . . . . .

SEEK CAMPUS REPS—Students
or cuinpus organization sought to
represent us on-cuiripus for leasing
and purchase of tux-iron cars for
usu in Europe by students and
faculty. Earn flirt foe—big bonus
earning: potential. For application
wrltii: Dir. Student Faculty Pro-
grams, Cur-Tours in Europe, 566
Filth Avo., N.V.C. 10017.

Ilene-loo-

Greet Dane Bdsketbell Action To-
night live from Stony Brook. Jerry
Richardson and Elliot Nerimburg
bring you the play-bysplny begin-
ning with the pro-game show at
7:55 p.m. WSUA.

coco-Icon.

The Society of Physics Students
will hold a rneetlng on Tuesday,
Dec. 8, at 7 p.rn. In Room 129 of
the Physics Building. A business
mating and a film, Stone Hort.
will be presented.

Iloooooeoo

 

 

WITH MAX SHULMAN

 

(By (It! author it] Rally Round (A: Play. How. . . Dobi'rGr'lli'I .. .016.)

Economics, and Other Unsolved Crimes

As you know of course, economics is often called “the dismal
science," but not because it's dismal. Olt mercy, no! In fact, it's a luff
riot! It's called “the dismal science" only because that's the name of
the Englishmun who invented it back in lGBl—Walter C. Dismal.

Mr. Dismnl, curiously enough, wasn't trying to invent economics
at till. Actually, he wtis trying to invent. plankton, but as you know of
course, Max Planck bent him to it. (This later became. known as Guy

Fawkes Day.)

And so spunky Mr. Dismul went back to the old drawing board
and stayed there till he invented economics. Then tired but. happy, he
rushed to Heidelberg University to announce his ﬁndings. But, alas, he
arrived during the Erich von Stroheim Sesquicentenninl, and naturally
everybody was yodelling and couldn‘t hear what Mr. Dismal was say-
ing. And so, alas, he slank back home and (lied. old and embittered at.
the age of 11. (This later became known as the Black Tom Explosion.)

Well sir, after Mr. Dismal, nothing much happened in Europe un-
less you want to Count the Dnrdunelles. Then in 1776 Adam Smith of
Scotland got tired of the cough drop business he had started with his
brother and published his famous Wealth uf Nations (or Moll Flanders
us it is generally known 115) and the world came to realize what a jolly,
iint'otnplicatetl subject economics reully is.

 

 

 

It ull lurils down to this: when there is ii. great demand for it prod-
uct, there is a grout supply tin the market. When there is a small de-
mand, there is a small supply. Take, for exnmple, knee—cymbals. You
walk into your uvernge American mitldleeized town today and I'll
wtigcr you won't see more than eighty or ninety knee—cymbal vendors.

'l‘hut‘s beciuise the demnnd is small.

With Miller High Life Beer, on the other hand, you'll see a great
Hupply liocnuse there is It area! rlemund. And of course the demand is
[/rl'tll l)tll.‘lltlsL' the beer is great. Anti, inurk you, I‘m not asking you to
take my Word for it. Prove. it yourself with this simple test:

Got it mm or bottle of Miller High Life and pour a few ounces into
iiii empty vessel-—your roommate, for example. Observe how his jaw
unslncke with pleasure, how the torpidity leaves his tiny eyes, how he
drops his yo-yu untl whimpers {or more. Could more words tell you
one-quarter its well what it great beer Miller is? Of course not.

"Great," in fact, is the single adjective that describes Miller Beer
best (except possibly “wet.”). Indeed some people are so overcome with
iitimirntion for Miller‘s greatness that they can't bear to drink it. They
just sit with it glues of Miller in hand und admire it for its long as ten or
twelve yours on end. The mukers of Miller Beer tire of course touched
by this reverence, except of course for Clyde R. Greedy, the sales

In“ llllglll‘.

But I digress. Atliim Smith, as you know of course, was followed
by David Ricardo. In fuct, he was followed everywhere by Mr. Ricardo.
llt! finally got so annoyed that lie summoned u booby, as British
policemen are called, iititl hiitl Mr. Ricardo urrested. (This later be-
t'llltlL‘ known as the Humboldt Current.)

Upon his release from gun], as British juils tire culled, Mr. Ricardo
married Thomas Robert Mnltlius iintl one night over I] grime of whlst
they invuntctl the stock exchange, or chutney 118 it is culled in England.

Next, economics spreutl to France (curried, some say, by sheep
ticks). The French, however, never really got the hang of It. At; first;
tin-y tried using timelcttes its the medium of exchange. When this
lulled, they tried I‘Jdith Piiif records. Wlieti this we failed, they ﬂew
into it fit of pique iitid (lug the Suez Canal.

Well sir, I guess you know what happened next. Economics come
to America, John Kenneth Gulliruith fought. his famous duel with
A urun Burr, Greshum's Law was repealed, iiritl tit lust crime the happy
muting. Today, I out delighted to report, any Amerlcuii boy or girl, no
matter how rich, crin afford to dress like it puuper.

it

It

We itl Miller Iliin Lila Beer are brewers, rial economists. But this
in ilt'll ll'L' know about supply and demand: you demand great ﬂavor in your
flt’t'r,‘ itltlHilllplull41lll'lldi‘, Uni Champagne of Briers.

 

 

 

 

