 

 

 

   

  

PAGE 8 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS
all photos by R. Solomon .
m by Toni Rhodes
by Tom Clingan
Ari ASP Feature
0

 

MOST MUSIC PROGAMS originate from Studio A, WSUA‘s main
studio, where Assistant Program Director Mike Sakellarides is pictured
presenting his show.

 

“Eric, why do you spend five hours
here doing the ‘oldies' show every

Saturday night?"
“I like doing it."

“Thanks for the answer."

 

WITHIN TWO MONTHS. the WSUA News Studio where Newsmiin
Brianlehreris reading the news. will move to the Campus Center.

 

Surprising as it may seem, there are people on this
campus who don't even know we have a radio
station. This might have been excusable last year
when the signal was lost on uptown quads for
periods of a month or more, but it seems rather
indefensible now that Dutch and Colonial each have
new transmitters and State’s is only two years old.
WSUA now comes in as well as other AM stations, if
not better.

 

WSUA 640 is the carrier current radio station at
Albany State, broadcasting from the Downtown
campus, specifically Brubacher Hall. Recently the
station was granted a $22,000 additional appropriw
tion from Central Council to move in part to the
Campus Center, The appropriation caused much
controversy. One of the things which was noticed
was the fact that most people don‘t know very
much about WSUA.

The programming is, as in most stations, primarily
music. WSUA usually plays album cuts—pieces
taken from current albums culled from the library
of recent LP's. WSUA is making an effort to
program different types of music as well—Friday
night. for example, is all soul. From 10 to 12 p.m.
only Latin Soul is aired. Saturday night is also
uniquer—after 11 p.m. only requested old singles are
played. Sunday night is increasingly being taken
over by News programming, a good example of
which is the recent news special on Pete Jones.
Occasionally the regular schedule is interrupted for
events of importance such as the recent election, or
the infamous draft lotteries.

 

 

MIKE SAKELLARIDES logging one of the tapes played during his
show. The Station uses such logs to gauge popularity of releases It"
the survey sent out each week to record companies.

 

\

reason, NOVEMBER 10, 1970

ALBANY STUDENT mass

 

ﬁ
"Welcome to the Saturday Night of Gold....”

First you have to find Brubaclier Hall. If you've
ever been downtown, it's across from Waterbury-
Alden, only you have to enter from the far side,
which has these pillars. So you go in, take the steps
to your left, and make another left at the stairs'
end. Go down the hall thru the doors into the Snack
Bar. Yeah. Snack bar. Rest up after the long
journey—have a thick shake (they cost $0.35, but
they‘re liand-made-not like in the Campus Center).
Anyway, the Radio Station. Go thru the other set
of doors into a very large game room. Also very
empty. which makes it bigger. Over in one corner is
this place that used to be a storage closet. It still is,
only now it stores a radio station.

It's 1 am. on a Sunday morning and it's about 30
degrees outside. But in that storage closet it's still
Saturday and the temperature usually runs about
85. The sound hits you as you enter. Monitor
speakers playing what’s going out on the air. Eric
Lonsehein is listening to the next single before cuing
it up. Someone in the other studio is playing

"Anybody know who did the big version of ’Romeo and Juliet' ?"

The shows are not planned as to which songs must
be played—this is up to the jockey. He is told only
what must be included in his show~Campus Hap-
penings, commercials, station identifications. The
music is up to him‘but he is obligated to log every
record or tape, The log is used to make up record
surVeys as well :is to keep track of what's been

played.

With the opening of a morning studio uptown

something more recent very loud. The UPI machine
makes that noise that you always hear in the
background on News shows. Rosenberg is on the
“request line" with someone who wants “Romeo
and Juliet" but doesn’t know by whom. “Shut the
door,” says Eric and Marc pushes it closed with his
foot. “Anybody know who did the big version of
“Romeo and Juliet'?" "Henry Mancini," says
Lustig, as he sort of watches the UPI machine
without really reading it. Phone rings again. “SUA.”
drones Rosenberg, forgetting the “W.” The “On‘
the-Air" light goes out and Eric opens the door to
let in what little cool air remains in the station.

This is the main studio, Studio A. All music shows
and most of everything else originate here. Eight
feet by ten feet, with two walls of shelves contain-
ing the bulk of one of the best record libraries in the
country. You have to stand on a stool to reach the
top row, The console and door fill the other two
walls. ’I‘wo turntables, It cartridge tape players, a
“board,” tape recorder and microphone. And a

 

stool for the jockey to sit on. Dividing the room and
behind one turntable is a cart rack holding the
station's usual fare: recorded cuts from albums.
Usual—not tonight. Tonight it's all old singles—
“oldiea but goodies." the jingle goes. And each has
to be found, stacked, cued-up, played. logged, and
replaced. This goes on steadily for five hours. Every
Saturday. Inside a former storage closet in a
downtown hall.

And people listen. Requests are steady until the
show ends at 4 am. It‘s 3:16, and Eric announces
that he‘ll give a free album to anyone who can tell
him what the number one song in Singapore is. The
phone rings immediately. And 8 calls later (and
after a hint) somebody wins. It goes on like this
until the show ends. People listen, alone and in
pairs, suites and floors, all the way until 4. “There‘s
always someone listening—even at 4 a.m. on an off
night like Tuesday. Sleepless, rapping with friends,
cramming. There‘s always somebody.“ But there's
more than one on Saturdays.

—Clingan

 

 

\

CARRIER CURRENT— WHAT IT IS

Carrier Current is a method of transmission
which uses the electrical system ofa building to
carry the signal, instead of an antenna. Thats
why you can't get WSUA on your portable— it
isn‘t plugged in. The problem is here that it
costs about it) times as much to buy and is
mu ch harder to keep up. The only good thing
about it is that the FCC doesn’t get on your

 

 

about 2 months from now, WSUA will broadcast
each day beginning at 6 a.m. After 2 p.m., the show
will originate downtown, and eventually will go all
night with a four hour prerecorded show from 2
am. to 6 am. Needless to say, this will open up
many new shoWs for which new DJ's are needed.
Radio is the type of activity which usually draws
many students at a school of this size. The reason
for a lack of such participation and the general
apathy towards the station can be attributed to its
downtown location, This will be remedied partially
by the morning uptown broadcasts, and hopefully
by an influx of people willing to lllllkl' WSUA a
better station. The programming idi-as begun lliis
Illlll‘ will l'()lllllllli' to l‘i‘nilinn it' tIt'lIIt‘nlt‘tI students

pitch in

This 3|[)|)llt'.\ to some oi the less glamorous
tubs iii-\Vs i‘t'piii'lilig, spurts t'UYt'l'ilL’l' Special pro
graliilniiig ol' I'lllt‘l'lltllllllt‘lll .nirl ilocuini'iilnry no
lure. They're Coming up fast Ill Ilttpltl‘lillu‘t', Iii-causi-
WSUA is the I(Il'ilI ttIIIlt'I l'ni' iii-\Vs .is it happens
liolh iii llll' inl'oi’iiinliunnl .illtl sports M'llsl‘ 'l'liv
I’oolhnll ('liih's l'irsl season was aiiiply i‘iivvi‘ud lnnh
al IllllIIl‘ and own) l)\' :i tlt'llll'itlt‘tl group of
volunteers Like everyone I‘lst', they were there
because they wanted to Ilt' they enjoy it This
iloi-sri't lllillit' II any less difficult, Ill” if you're lll'l't'

fur llltll'l' lliaii a degree, i'oiisulei‘ working for
something Worthwhile a universin community ser-

view

And \Vllll lIlt' inovr- uptown, l'\’|‘ll as partial as it Is,
\Vill (‘UIllt' plenty of work for the Engineering
(It‘lllll‘lllll'lll of WSUA. Wilhoul engineers you (lnn'l
have a station. If you‘ve got some experience in
electronics (or I‘Vt'II if you (loii‘l) you might
consider the work, It's rewarding to see ii definite
goal achieved and engineering is working all the time
on just such goals.

 

back about the quality of your broadcasts
because the audience is limited. Regular stations
have it much rougher in this aspect.

 

 

OPERATIONS DIRECTOR Marc Rosenberg recording a tape in the
production half of "Studio ll," where recorded tapes and special
programs are created.

 

