 

surnamudvsnssa 20. 197.0

liSTiilC‘illi'iibilis Alina: riiia

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

 

IO lAI’IDIlY MOVIIIG PAIIKIIIG [015

by John Fairhall

Plans for four new permanent
parking lots have drawn fire from
David Neufeld, President of Stu-
dent Association. Designed to
meet the need for 8000 parking
spaces by 1975 (there are 3200
now), were ﬁrst presented to stu-
dents at an Educational Policy
Council meeting.

Walter Tisdale, Assistant to the
President for Planning and Devel-
opment, is the administer most
involved in construction planning.
Mr. Tisdale, present at the meet-
ing, said discussion there resulted
in a proposal for paving the tem-
porary Colonial lot. This has been
accepted and according to Pres-
ident Benezet, the lot will be
paved during Thanksgiving. The
meeting ended with Tisdale “feel-
ing we had an assent."

Controversy later arose when
Newfeld criticized the proposed
lots, saying they would ruin "the
quality and nature of living," and
would make it impossible “to
enjoy campus life with a car roll-
ing in at seven in the morning
underneath your window."

Tisdaie said, however, that to
provide for the necessary parking
space, certain areas had to be
used. He further said that the new
lots will only increase the total
to 6000, not the 8000 necessary
for 1975. Stating a desire to avoid
additional encroachment upon op-
en areas, he expressed conﬁdence
that the remaining 2000 spaces
would come in the yet
unapproved two-level garages.

Mr. Tisdaie added that the areas
to be used will not lose their

 

  
 
  

 

   
 

‘i : litiirll'il'llillJ" . 
i r ‘ ---r :
:1 1- itllzlitlivilzllrl

 

 

MAP OF

PARKING ZONES

   

f

unions ', -

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

East Podium

 

To be temporary plrklnq\\
until construction of ‘

“howl

 
  
  
  
 

 

 

 

 

COLONIAL

  
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

y 1‘ '
u "may ““

' “Mission AVI

The predicted need for 8000 parking spaces by W75 Will he met by
construction of four new permanent parking lots. TIIC additional nccd tor
space will arise mainly from increases in graduate and coriiiiiiilcr stutlciils.

(irccn areas on the map arc the sites ot the four lots and IllL‘ ixast
Podium extension, and will remain until construction began; llicrc ot the
extension in 1973.

Area ("A") is the site for two of the lots, to be built adjacciit to the
West I’odiiini cxlension. Construction of the west extension and the two
lots will run from l97l i973. 1973 should mark the beginning oi
construction on the East Podium extension and two lots adjacent to ll
("ll").

Temporary parking will continue at Indian Quad but the temporary
Colonial Quad lot is to be paved duringThanksgiving. lflllilft.‘ plans, as yet
unapprovedJcall for two 2-10ch parking garages (area “(“') after 1975.

Use of the new lots by faculty or students has Iiol bccii decidcd by the
Safety Committee.

MIA“)! lllVlcl

To be two-tier garage

Inmporory

Porlring
$3.1...“

Q Thanksgiving

 

Looking north at West Podium site and Colonial Quad.

 

surrounding trees, and said of the
land to be used, “it's by no means
an ecological area."

The map itself demonstrates
that Neufeld's latter remarks are
not justiﬁed. Cars will clearly not
surround the quads. However,
there does remain the fact of an
increase in air and noise pollution
form a more than doubled in-
crease in cars. There is also the
fact of diminishing open areas and
this will increase even with the
garages.

While Tisdale has not seriously
considered the possibility, there is
the suggestion that cars should be
limited. Instead of planning for
increased cars, why not study the
possibility of reducing their num-
bers?

Certainly many students could
be restricted, as on other cam-
puses, as well as faculty and ad-
ministrators. Car pools might be
feasible for the latter groups.

However, on the question of the
four lots, Mr. Tisdaie feels that
student involvement is now“too
late." He feels reconsideration of
the plans would necessarily in-
volve a great loss of time, time
necessary to meet the increased

 

...cliow

need for space. He noted that the
present Comprehensive Campus
Plan was ii year long effort and
that additional time is consumed
as plans are inspected by the
central ofﬁce.

That judgment is, though, quite
questionable: if the lots have be-
come an issue, then surely further
discussionmust be based on the
fact that students will have to
severely limit their right to cars on
campus.

The parking lots will fade as an
issue in a relatively short time.
The far greater issue is that of
future construction on campus.

Mr. Tisdale feels that now is the
time for student involvement in
campus planning. “it will be wel-
comed,” he said, and suggested
that Central Council organize a
group now to meet with him. He
feels strongly that student influ-
ence should be felt and has initiat-
ed steps to discuss lake area con-
struction with students.

The parking lots, then, represent
far greater importance if the pres-
ent controversy results in vastly
improved student influence on
State's future.

 

Future two-tiered garage near liidiaii Quad.

. .roscrihi'rg

.. A , ., "Muir we

 

 

 

4m- Magma,

FIVE CENTS OFF CAMPUS

 

Albany

Vol. [VII No. 37

L‘------------

Contents copyright 1970.

Day Care Center Opens

by Roy Lewis

On Wednesday of this week, this reporter had the distinct pleasure
of meeting several new residents in Pierce Hall. Unlike most of the
graduate residents in that building, these newcomers carried blocks
and bottles instead of B.A.'s. And it seemed quite apparent that the
first priority of these residents was the mastering of their new
environment.

The scene described above clearly refers to the newly instituted Day‘

Care Center on the Albany State Campus. The Center as it now stands
in ii largc sense is the product of demands made by Women‘s
Liberation on the Administration, The current site of the Center was
determined by a fact-finding committee composed of both
Administration and Women’s Liberation. In Addition, both these
groups are represented on the Center's Temporary Board of Directors,
along with parents and concorncd outside parties. Yet in a short
period of time the Center has assumed ii very professional atmosphere.
The regular Day Care Center staff is composed of one progrrim
director with an M.A., one certified teacher, onc rcgistcrcd nursu, a
secretary and ten full-time workers with at least ii high school diploma
and some experience in child-care.

Mr:: Blair Barrett, the director of the Day Care Center, explained
the proccdurc for enrolling ii child in the Center. To register a child,
thv- parents must fill out ii formal application. A committee of Social
Services from the School of Social Welfare then interviews the parents
and either accepts or rejects the application. Acceptance is based on
roughly three criteria (a) financial need, (b) the number of children in
the family, and (c) scheduling difficulty of the parents.
In addition, each child must undergo a thorough physical and no child
with any sevcrc emotional or physical problems will be accepted. It is
hoped to rcplriCc this existing Committee by a committee of parents
in the near future.

The financing of the Day Care Center is a best nebulous. At present
the Center is being fundcrl by left over monies in the budget. REccnt
talks of budget cut-backs for next year seem to worry the Staff. Thcy
arc still hoping to be incorporated into the regular budget in the next
fiscal year. As far its parental contribution is concerned, Mrs. Brirrctt
pointcrl out that since the parents of the children are students, it
would be impossible for them to pay $40 or so a wcck per child,
which is, the current rate f r private Day (fare facilities. lnstcad the
Welfare Department's sliding scale is used to (lctcrniinc their ability to
[)ily.

The basic cost of running the University Center works out to be
approximately $2000 ii year per infant and $1000 a year per prc-
schoolcr. Most of those funds are needed for staff salaries.

At. present there are 25-30 children enrolled at the (lentcr.
Hopefully this number will be increased to a maximum capacity of
(it). Two distinct age groups arc handled at the Ccntcr, One group
included children from the agcs of six months to IW()-|ill‘l1illlly0ilrﬁ of
age. 'l‘hc other includcs prc-schoolcrs from the ages of two»anri-|iail' to
fch years of age.

Mrs. Barrth pointcrl out that already many of tlic University
Dcprirtincnts have asked to observe the children. The staff will only
comply with such rcqucsts if the various interested partics conscnt to
first work in the Center with the children. This givos till! children a
chance to better acquaint themselves with outsiders.

Many of the children at tlic Center are lcft tlicrc closc to nine hours
(7:30 to 5:30), In addition, the number of infants exceeds the
number of preschoolers by about four to one. th Mrs. Barrett docs
not. fcol that it is unhealthy to separate the child from the plirt'lli. at
such a young ago. Thu adjustment to the new environment is rapid. In
one sons-c the Day (Bart- Ccntcr at, Albany Stair.- is a pionciir. ’l‘liih‘
tit-ntcr is the only center in the area which will acct-pt. children below
the age of tWU-iltld‘llilll‘. On Wednesday, the (Icntcr hurl been open for
only the third day, Ycl already the children wcrc crying to stay and
not to go home.

 

 

State University of New Yorli at Albany

I“-'~‘“‘----‘

Student Press

 

Pierce Hall, on tile downtown campus, is the site of the Child Day
Care Center new attended by twenty-ﬁve to thirty children.

 

Friday. December 4. l910

...roseri berg

Parking Fines
Policy Changed

by Robert Schwartz

l"l‘hc current policy of with-
holding strident grades, preventing
student acndcrnic registration and
preventing student graduation
from the University for outstand-
ing parking fines will be discontin-
ucd after December 1, 1070."

This bill was narrowly passed
by H vote of 22 to iii after almost
an hour and a half of debate by
the University Senate at its Nov-
cmbcr 23rd meeting. chcrnl stud-
ont senators tried to amend the
proposal, which in its original
form would have gone into effect
as late as February l, 1070, and
iiiiikc it retroactive to the beginn-
ing of the year. They cited the
unfairness of policy which punish-
r-s student pnrking violators by
preventing them from registering
while allowing members of the
faculty to escape with ii totril of
$18,000 in unpaid tines. The sen-
atc decided upon the December 1
data in order to allow students
who must prcrcgistcr the first
week in January to do so.

Originally introduced together
with the first proposal but voted
upon separately, was ll bill
attempting to create ii new policy
for disciplining parking violators.
The proposal reading “that indi-
viduals who do not pay their
parking fincs within 30 days of
notification of such fines shall
have their parking privileges ro-
vokud and be subject to having
their vehicles towed away" passed
by a vote of 27 to if). Several
student senators in opposing the
bill raised the question of whotliur
or not the percentage of parking
spaces allotted to students is less
than the pcrcnntnga of strident

cars on campus, thereby making it
more likely for students to park
illegally and have their cars towed
away.

The Senate also passed an
amendment proposed by Leonard
Kopp, Chairman of the Student
Affairs Council of the University
Center, which changes the mem-
biirship of the Council. The new
Student Affairs Council will con-
sist of 19 members including the
Vice President for Student
Affairs, 9 faculty members, 6 un-
idcrgraduatc students and ii grad-
uiitc students.

A recommendation from the
University Senate to the Univer-
sity Council which would allow
fraternities and sororities to live
off campus and not lose their
recognition as a chartered SUNYA
organization was also passed.
Since 1963 the University Council
of SUNYA has not recognized
Greek organizations living off
campus thereby denying them the
use of SUNYA facilities. The new
proposal intends to correct this
situation "with the understanding
the University has no legal re-
sponsibility for their off campus
housing accommodations. “

Finally, just before .iidjourn-
incnt, ii proposed bill introduced
by the Council on Promotion and
Continuing Appointments making
it mandatory for all departments
to consider for promotion any
individual holding the rank of
assistant professor for at least 6
years, or the rank of associate
professor for at least 7 years, was
overwhelmingly passed. Any inrli-
vidual, though, has the right. to
waive in writing ii review of his
status.

4»-..

 

