   

PAGE 12

  
 

by AI Sonic

. Students and administrators at
I' W the University of Buffalo braced
for a confrontation this morning
after three days of waning vio-
lence. So far, there have been
seventeen arrests. All arrested
have been released on bail.

‘ Today, Acting President Peter
Regan declared the university
open and ordered classes to be
held. However, a student strike is
still in effect and plans call for a
moving picket line to be set up at
7:30 this morning. “Today we
will see whether the strike is a suc-
cess," a student leader told the
ASP.

The anticipated picketing is in
direct violation of a court injunc-
tion, ordered by Regan answer-
" able Thursday, which specifically
l' prohibits any disruption of any
i ' " activit, ' ' " ,, clas-

ses.
Buffalo Police Commissioner
Frank Feiicelta has cancelled all
leaves and days off. He claimed to
be prepared for “any eventuality
of violence in the city." County
police also stood at the ready,
equipped with helmets, clubs, and
tear gas grenades launchers.
' Yesterday, there were no inci-
dents of vandalism or violence.
President Regan opened the uni-
versity-but cancelled classes. City
police massed in downtown Buf-
. falo, ready to again move on cam-
pus in the event of renewed trou-
ble. Twenty police cars were spot-
ted at a golf course in Grover
Cleveland Park, adjacent to the
campus.
1 There was also a strike solid-
‘ arity meeting held in Clark Gym
in support of the strikers.\0ver
four thousand students attended
and voted nearly unanimously to
endorse nine students demands
which have become the focal
point of the dispute. These are:

1) The removal of Acting Pre-
sident Regan

2) The complete and immediate
abolition of the university’s
ROTC program

3) The aboliton of THEMIS, a
military research project.

4) The meeting of all the de-
mands of the black athletes,
(These include changes in recruit~
ing athletes and the hiring of a
black coach).
>lr

  
 

z. “Ow—’é‘4— .. .‘

v.v.._,,._., .

  
 
 
 
  
 

l

 
 
 
 

   

   

 

    

3;.

 
  
 

  
 

.Mawz... . cw.»

 
  
   
   
 
 
  
   
  
  
  

VIM—.04...

sis-«TI.

  

“no; m‘

.. _....... .Vmazswmaqo‘azrwaLsue

 
 
   
  
 
  

Beer).

  
  

 

1. Competition is open to all persons 18 years
of age and over.
consideration is required.

2. Competition period, March 1 thru May 31,
1970. All entries must be received by May 31,
1970.

ography. 20" x 28”. All entries must be

28", either horizontal or vertical.

4. Each entry must show or depict. in some
manner. somewhere in the desngn the Genesee
name or logotype. or a Genesee package (Gen-
esee Beer, Genesee Cream Ale or Fyfe & Drum

GENESEE BREWING CO.,

‘ s ‘  99 ie a 9‘ 
Mus  ~ °A°~

ary charges against students stem-
ming from political demonstrl-
tions.

6) Institution of an open admis-
sions policy for Third World and
working class youth. I ,

7) The granting of the right of .
self determination to all college.
(including the experimental edu-
cation collcgcs the administration
frowns on)

8) The removal of all police
from the campus-including cam-
pus security - and the institution
of a student patrol to insure non-
violent action.

9) The granting of a democratic
voice to students in choosing a
new president.

In addition, the Student Assoc-
iation has requested the adminis-
tration to absorb the cost of all

‘ ,, arising from the disturb-
ances.

So far, Regan has refused com-
ment on the demands. He has not
recognized the student strike com-
mittee or their demands.

Nevertheless, yesterday's scene
contrasted sharply with the
bloody confrontations of last
week and the events over the
weekend.

Friday. over one thousand stu-
dents marched on building and
briefly seized five--including the
adminstration building.

And early Saturday morning,
vandals caused $7000 worth of
damage to UB’s administrative
records, housed in an annex of
Hayes Hall. Incoming freshman
applications were included among
the documents burned. However,
all records after 1963 are on mi-
crofilm and located off campus.
But extensive damage was done to
records prior to 1963.

But aside from these incidents,
there were no massive confronta-
tions to equal the bloody battles
police and students fought Wed-
nesday_ and Thursday nights. At
one point, Regan had stated: “Be-
fore this thing is over, marshall
law may be declared." It was
doubtful such extreme methods
would be taken now. The empha-
sis has apparently switched to

 ‘
ARTISTS! GRAPHIC DESIGNERS! I
-“ GENESEE BEER POSTER COMPETITION

ALBANY STUDENT pas

———

THE BUFFALO
SCENE '

5) The dropping of all disciplin-. f

Freshman from Alumni Ousd boycotted Saturday night's dinner in an attempt to

spontaneous, sporadic demonstra-
tions and meetings.

A problem that has troubled
both student leaders and adminis-
trators is the increasing involve-
ment of radical Buffalo high
school youths. Thursday and
Friday nights, fourteen and fif-
teen year-olds were seen smashing
windows on campus. And a fire
destroyed one hundred books in
Lockwood Library. it was started
by molotov cocktails thrown by
high school students.

As Tuesday dawned, it seemed
most of the violence had subsided.
But with both sides apparently
heading for a renewed controversy
on‘the holding of class, the future
appeared uncertain.

WAGNER

Students who have had Gerry
Wagner, especially in previous
semesters are invited to talk with
Dean Perlmutter, Tuesday, Wed-
nesday and Thursday, afternoons
between 12 and 1:30 in the 0mm
pus Center Card Room.

At the request of President
Kuusisto, Dean Perlmiitter is re-
viewing the RPA department’s de-
cision denying Gerry Wagner term
renewal.

 

obtain edible food.

TUESDAY, MARCH 3, 1970

 

---rosenberg

RPI FIJMES

One fourth of RPI's student
body has demanded a change in
the administration and an im‘
provement in the library facilities.
The resignation of the Dean of
Social Sciences and Humanities
was sought in protest against his
firing of “key” faculty and the
forced resignation of other faculty
members. The antiquated library
was to be replaced several years
ago but construction has inex-
plicabiy been delayed.

RPl President Richard Folsom
has announced that he will have
no immediate statement for the
students. A letter asking alumni,
faculty, students, and adminis-
trators for recommendations on
the student request was however
sent by the President.

The student group voted Sun-
day night to continue peaceful
activity and scheduled a rally for
Thursday to further their cause.

 

7:30 PM

films:

 

GEOGRAPHY CLUB
Wednesday March 4

Pollution of the Mohawk

Our Environment and the Stimm

LC4

M -... . .

M “.31.;

 

 

1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th PRIZE—$500 EACH

HELP! Keep the “more exciting" beer from falling through the generation gap!
All you have to do is design a poster that looks a little more contemporary
than D. W. Griffith. Go as far out as you want with color or form or style. Just
don't get hung up on Madison Avenue thinking.
Do a poster that really has something to say! It could win you $500.00. The
odds are with you. . . with 4 chances to win!

.w r n . i i l i i I l i l i i i

.

 

RULES AND CONDITI NS

5. Entries Wlii be judged on a basis ol original-
No proof of purchase or other ity. art technique and smtability tor reproduc-
tion, Without limitation as to theme or content.
subject to final approval of State alcoholic bev‘
erage control agenCies.

6. Each of four Winners Will receive $500.00.
3. Winners will be reproduced in full color lith- Winning entries become the property ol The

0" X Genesee Brewing Co, inc, and Will be used in
the sales promotion activuies of the Company.

7. All entrants Wlii receive a set of the four
winning posters.

8. Each entry must be identified, in upper left
hand corner of the reverse Side with entrant’s

N. Y.; John Sidebotham. Creative Director, Wm. ‘

4
name, address. age, and address to which entry -
should be returned after July 1. 1970. _
9. Judges will be Leo Kaplan, Artist, Rochester, <

Esty Co., New York City: Suzanne Moatz, Design

Major. Syracuse University School of Art. -
10. Employees of the sponsor, members of .
their lamilies, and sponsor's advertising agency, -
are not eligible. State alcoholic beverage control -
regulations also prohibit partICipation by retail ’
or wholesale licensees and members of their ~
families. -

ENTRIES SHOULD BE SENT TO:

GENESEE BEER POSTER COMPETITION

INC. . 100 NATIONAL STREET - ROCHESTER, NEW YORK 14605

-reir@ierei sea

 

11. Competition is VOICI where prohibited by ‘
State alcoholic beverage control regulations. ‘

9.0 9.- 9s .0 2e  9

 

A wall of admirers enclosed William Kunstler last
night after he finished his address to an overﬂowing
crowd of six thousand students in the Gym. The
defense attorney for the Chicago Eight had just
completed his speech at a rally which also featured
John Froines, one of the “Eight,” Guerrilla Theater-
performed by members of the New Left Organizing
Committee, and introductory remarks by Norm
Levy of the History Department.

Bill Kunstler addressed a crowd mainly composed
of his people last night; he gave us a glimpse into his
newly-acquired world, and did it with a sincerity
and concern that were the distinguishing feelings of
a nighi which was markedly devoid of violent
confrontation.

Kunstler spoke on a variety of issues; he was
interrupted many times by enthusiastic applause. As
he stepped to the rostrum, the cheers and prolonged
applause of the audience all around him, the
Chicago 8 attorney raised his list in il “Power to the
People" gesture which was immediately repeated
throughout the audience. After the applause died
down, his first Words were: “We said it before and
Hi say il once more: To hear that is worth every
day of 4 years and I3 days." (a refcrcncc lo the
period of time Kunstler was sentenced to for
contcmpl of court in the trial just coinplcicd).The
crowd oncc moic avidly claippcd its approval.

llc illithde Ncil Kcllclicr and his 28 ‘collczigues'
in the Assembly who attempted to pass ii resolution
which :iimcd iil barring Kunstler from speaking at the
University. According lo Kunstler “lie was trying to
do. Ill an incfl’ccluul way, what Daley and lhc

(‘liiczigo cops did--- use the power ol'ihc slick lo stop

lhc pcoplc." Had he succeeded, intimated Kunstler,
“The Slalc University of New York would have
bccn vci'y sorry lonighl."

KlillSiICl' launched into 1| discussion of the
Trial—~- its mciinings and its ramifications. ll marked,
hc fcll. ilic passing of ilic inovcrmcnl l‘iom :1 period
of “prolcsi” li‘mU‘si lo ii period which hc lcrmcd
“onc of icsisiiincc" (lhc 1070's). “Thcrc arc lhrcc
xiiich in il sociciy undergoing 2i change of
lil'c--- pi'oicsi. icsisiiincc, and lhcn rcbcllion. We are
now in lhc sccond of these stages,“

In :i hauniing allusion to ilic repression of the
curly years of Nazi (icrmany. Kunstler equaled the
violence of (‘hiczigo (and public and governmental
rcziclion to it) to the burning of lhc Rciclising,
(Germany's Parliament) in 1933.

“Chicago bcciimc, to the ruling class of lhis
country, what llic Rcichslag fire of l‘)33 was to lhc
leaders ol'Nazi Germany. Blamed on lhc “Jews and.
lhc Communists,“ lhc Rcichslzig tire was actually.
according to Kunstler, sci by lhc Nazis iIICIITSCiVCS.
“II was ii device used lo unify the nation into the
Tliiid Rcicli." ziguiiisl lliosc who slood in lhc way of
ilic goals of lhc Nazi ruling class.

In lhc same way, [he violence of Michigan and
Balboa Sirccls "became our Rciclisizig." “'l‘hc
ciiiiiiigc of Angnsl Zb'. Wolf" tlllti lhc iiiiil which
grew oiii of ii WClt.‘ :iciuiilly “iiilcnipls of lhc ncw
ruling class in cripplc and dcslroy iliosc who slooil
in ilic way of (I state which dcslioys and inhiblls
l'rcc will." Thc dcl‘cndanls wcrc ii i'cpi'cscniulivc

 

by In Wolfram

 

---benjami'ri

Is it

sampling 0 those who stood in the way."

it was iiol by chance that lhc specific “Chicago
liighl" wci‘c indiclcd. “They were carefully
chosen," according io Kunsllcr. “The government
nccdcd a black mililuni-ii l’unilicr- so Bobby Scale,
who had hccn in Chicago for ii total of 16 hours the
cnlirc week of the (‘onvcnlion-was the choice." The
attorney lhcn pointed out the specifications which
the other seven defendants fulfilled-stressing the
fact that lhcy wcrc fil to lhc charge, not charged for
lilL‘il’iiCiiUIlS.

Kunsilcr then discussed the background of the
“Anti-Riot Act," under whose provisions all eight
dcl'cndnnis were charged with lhc illl‘illlluus
‘ClJIlSl‘lil'thy.‘ llc indicated than the bill, discredited
earlier, was rcincurniiicd in 1908 by Slrom
Thurmond, among other souihcrn Scnulors. as the
price for the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1968.
The irony lhis highlighted was billcrly described by

K0 NS'I'lER “

Kunstler: an early act from 1967, aimed at stopping
men like Martin Luther King from travelling to
other states to participate in demonstrations, had to
be reincarnated in order to pass the Civil Rights Act,
which had gained urgency because of the murder of
thal same Martin Luther King. And so, this law was
the pretext used for the political trial of the
decade. Though Ramsey Clark, Johnson’s
Attorncchncral, refused to prosecute anyone und-
er tlic law he lirmly felt was “unconstitutional,”
Nixon's administration, believing that “The way to
keep political power is to crush dissent" decided to
go ahead and iiidici ilic Eight.

The Defense, led by Kunstler and Len Weinglass,
had to decide upon how they would conduct the
case. They could attempt io merely defeat the
govcriiincnl‘s case of conspiracy and intent to incite
lo rioi - which Kunstler called the “easy way out.“
Insicad. they chose the more important. more
demanding roule: “to educate the jury and the
people."

And so. the defense was conducted on three
levels - They would attempt to show “Number one,
tlizil the government‘s case was ii pack of lies;
Number lwo, what the life styles of the defendants
and ilicir cultural allies was about: and Number
thrcc, lhc reasons why they came to Chicago in the
firsl place. "10 bring an end to (lie Vietnam War
Racism and poverty."

The defense incorporated hundreds of different
witnesses in this attempt. Tim Leary. Allen Gins-
berg, Julian Bond, Jesse Jackson, Richard Goodwin,
even singers Arlo Guihric and Judy Collins among
others were part of the defense. “Judge Hoffman
did nol allow Judy (‘ollins to sing Where Have All
the Flowers Gonc‘."-- there was to be no singing, no
laughlcr no warmlh, no embraces, no Sign oflifc in
Julius lloffmnnn‘s courll," said Kunstler.

But life could iiol bc lliwurlcd, even by the
judicial syslcni. Thc li‘iiil's cl'fccl wcnl far beyond
the conviction rcndcrcd. “()ur li'iiil has become ii
symbol," said Bill Kiinsllcr. it states. unequivocally,
“This far and no further do we go." The era of
resistance has begun."

However. Kunstler fell iiltli the resistance need
not take iIlL‘ form of violcnl confrontation on
campus (alluding to lhc problems at Santa Barbara
last week). "Broken windows and red paint on the
Justice Department don't advance much - they
merely give the ‘csiublishmcnt‘ something in point
to." Kunstler also maintained that campus uprisings
are usually the culmination of long feelings of
biiicrncss, frustration and anger."

And ilicn William Kunstler took up his last attack
on Assemblyman (Ass) Kcllcher. “Maybe he's right.
maybe we are dangerous," cried Kunstler. “But to
what? Thc War in Vietnam? To ii system of Private
Enterprise which dooms ii large segment of our
population to a life ol'nolhing‘? Values which revere

banks over babies? 1 hope to hell we are!"

Mobbcd by a rush of students, Kunstler cori-
cliidcd “If lhal's what you've shown us, if that‘s
whui wc'rc dangerous to, then, Mr. Kcllchcr, you‘ve
done us all ii favor!“

continued on page 4

 

Vol. LVll No. 8

 

State University of New York at Albany

 
 
 

_ ALBANY STUDENT]
' PRESS

Friday. March 6. l970

   
 
  
 
    

to
breathe

together

   
  
 
 
  

     

 
 
    
   
 
 
 

 
 
    
    
 

      
    

