 

 

J‘
i
l
.
,,
t
o
l
1
t

0‘---

 

 

use. .momm. ,,

1

1?-
f
i
i
l
i
l
./

 

PAGE 8

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

    

  

FRIDAY, APRIL 24, 1970

 

Vote yes for taxes

 

visitation

by Terry Mathias

 

 

All undergraduate students are members of the
Student Association and receive the beneﬁts due to
them through Central Council. It is very obvious
that a student body as diverse as ours has many
different desires for events, programs, publications,
etc. The job of Central Council therefore becomes
one of trying to meet the diverse requests of the
student body. In order to do this, support is needed
from the individual members of Student Association
— that’s you!

Currently the Budget Committee of Central Coun-
cil is reviewing the requests for funds for the
1970-71 fiscal year. These requests total more than
$370,000. Yet, under a voluntary system of pay-
ment, approximately $180,000 is expected in in-
come. Here's the explanation: based on past per-
formance in years of voluntary assessments, we
estimate that only 60% of the student body will
pay, i.e. about 4300 out of 7150:1113 $42.00 for
Student Association activities, the expected income
in only $180,600. The other $15.50 is for inter-
collegiate athletics for the year. Requested is
$111,000 with expected income of only $86,650
under the voluntary assessment. Thus the $28.75
per semester leaves, all of us students a long way
from affording our own requests.

How You Will Be Hurt

What does this all mean to you? A very great
injury to your requests. In order to be ﬁnancially
sound in preparing any sort of budget for next year,
Budget Committee has assumed that the assessment
will be voluntary, because, and only because it is far
more reasonable and efficient to entertain requests
for more money (if the assessment remains manda-
tory) that to recall budgets and trim money out (if
the assessment is voluntary). This assumption means
that Budget committee must try to pare requests
back below the amounts of money received this
year under the mandatory system. Budget Commit-
tee is still working, but here is the picture - a
portrait in black - as it stands right now.

Athletics

During 1969-70 students paid $10,000 to provide
recreational hours for the gymnasium. This was used
to benefit students in two ways. First, the gym
could then be open on afternoons, eVenings, and
weekends. Second, the money provided more jobs
for students. If that money is not paid, the gym
would have to seriously reduce its number of hours
of operation, maybe even to the point of only
allowing physical education classes and inter-
collegiate sports to exist. And with only a voluntary
assessment, that money could not be paid, because
it would not exist. Looking at that even more
closely, the reduced hours (or even elimination of
hours) of operation would mean that A.M.l.A. and
W.R.A. would probably not be able to exist without
the facilities of the gym. Also, intercollegiate
athletics would be crippled. The request from the
student-run Athletic Advisory Board is $113,000,
but only $86,650 can be expected with only a
voluntary payment of the assessment.

Quadrangles

This year quadrangles were brought out of their
povertous state by Central Council’s allotting
amounts of $1500 to $2900 to the various quad-
rangles. All of the quads have really shown excellent
programming this year and they should be allowed
to keep their money. However, under the voluntary
assessment, each quad would be allotted approxi-
mately $500 to try to make do for the whole year.
In order to try to make budget requests ﬁt into the
assumed income, the Committee felt that emphasis
would have to be on University-wide programming,
rather than on quadrangle programming. Thus quad-
rangles would‘have to be returned to a level even
below the level of past voluntary assessments. That
is disastrous! A 75% cutback will take the life out of
the quads.

Commuters

Since almost half of our enrollment is commuters,
roughly an equal amount of money ought to be
allotted to the Commuter's Organization, as has
been allotted to the quadrangles. Under the volun-
tary assessment, however. only $1,000 Would be
used for that organization. Again the emphasis
would have to be on the University-wide program-
ming.

Academic Clubs and Honoraries

Academic or departmental clubs have increased in
number during 196940 with the advent of many
departmental advisory groups. All together, these
groups requested $13,343 for 1970-71. In order to
get this to fit the expected income, this has been
reduced to approximately $5,500. A reduction of
that size will very seriously impair their operation,
but it has been suggested that they try to squeeze
some money out of their parent department, since it
was a fairly good budget year in New York State.
There are some questions in people‘s minds about
the equity of funding departmental honor-
aries which have, by their nature, restrictive mem-
bership requirements. The reduction to $5,500
reflects elimination of funding for such honorarics,
on the basis that money should be used for
organizations which are open to all members of the
student body.

Special Events

Special events and weekends (such as Home-
coming, Parents’ Weekend, Holiday Sing, Spring
Weekend, and Wild, Wild Weekends, etc.) are being
closely scrutinized for penny—saving methods. The
charging of large entrance fees is one way. Eliminati-
ng the events is another. Neither is desirable. Exact
figures on suggested ﬁnal action are not available as
this is written because Budget committee is still
trying to pare the ﬁgures without violating the
integrity of the programs. The original request was
more than $35,000.

Publications and Communications Media

Communications is a vital necessity Within a
12,200-member student body. Therefore ASP and
WSUA 640 have to be kept as solid as possible.
They will still not escape some trimming. The ASP
requested $15,400, but that would be down to
$11,510 The radio station, WSUA 640, is literally
falling apart facility-wise and should be supported
to broadcast to as many people as possible. The
original request of $64,420 included moving up-
town to the Campus Center and broadcasting over
the airwaves to the Albany area as an FM com-
mercial station. This is very much out of the
question under a voluntary system. So WSUA is
down to appromimately $20,285. The yearbook,
Torch, requested $23,000 in order to have a
yearbook free for every student. Budget Committee
would like to keep this true, but is unable to do so.
As this is written, there has been no final action on
this matter. The various other publications are still
under consideration but would definitely be
trimmed.

Dramatics, Concerts

These recurring events are our largest number of
organizations and also our largest money drains.
Dramatics Council and Black Ensemble together
comprise a request of $41,700; under a voluntary
payment system, they would receive a total of
$11,060. This is virtual monetary homicide, but is is
necessary. Concerts under Council for Con-
temporary Music totaled a request of over $75,000
which is presently down to $40,000 with a chance
to go lower if need be. Music Council (not CCM)
requested $29,915 which is down to $12,200.

This picture is not intentionally overly-bleak; this
is the way the budget would have to look IF the tax
is paid voluntarily. There would be few, if any,
conventions or field trips paid through Students
Association. Events would be fewer and further
between. Weekend events would not really be
WEEKENDS; they would be a couple of events
tossed together. There would be no emergency
spending (such as $4000 fnr the Kunatler speech;
the best attended single event this your; $3000 for
buses to Washington; $6000 for Judo Club; extra
appropriations to bail clubs or events out of
unforeseen straits; and so forth) This means that
everybody will be affected greatly by the lack of a
mandatory assessment. [f you still think you aren’t
going to be affected, call me at 4577978 or
457-9430. PLEASE vote to keep the mandatory
assessment by going to the polls next Tuesday,
Wednesday, and Thursday in the Campus Center
Main Lounge.

 

Sterilization?

Dr. Wood, a leader in the Association for Voluntary Sterilization will speak

and answer questions.

Monday, 10 2, 8 am.

 

 

 

duplicityduplicityduplicitydr

The administration has, once again and as expected, chosen the least
sensible, least desirable, and most odious solution in dealing with the
problem of campus unrest.

We are referring speciﬁcally to the arrest of a leader of the Third
World Liberation Front who is also a Black Panther. This can only be
interpreted as a purely political arrest.

The administration is obviously scared that they are losing their grip
on the campus. Our administrators have been told by the central
administration (Gould‘s ofﬁce) to squelch campus turbulence im-
mediately because “we (the central administration) don’t want
another Buffalo. . .we expect arrests."

Violence of any type is a sign that something is drastically wrong
somewhere.

And there is something very wrong here. This is a racist university;
an outgrowth of a racist society. Until we do something to radically
alter our present circumstances, we can expect an increased number of
gradually worsening incidents. Nothing will be solved by political
arrests. This type of response fosters further polarization and is one
step towards making Albany “another Buffalo."

This administration has managed to act in opposition to student
interests in almost every important situation throughout this semester.
Now may be the time to ask “just whose interests concern them?“
Where are their priorities? Do they have priorities?

Certainly undergraduate education is not one of them. . .remembcr
Gerry Wagner; and remember the endless duplicity of the adminis-
tration throughout the whole affair that culminated in his ouster.
What about the university‘s cooperation with the city and state police
in busting students for drugs. Any self-respecting university com-
munity would not allow this to happen.

Remember the $1,000 ransom that was demanded (and paid) before
charges could be dropped against a student who was implicated in the
window breaking incident—and who just happened 10 be identiﬁed
because several days earlier he had spoken to security about a stolen
wallet and security remembered his name.

And then there is the last Presidential press conference. President
Kuusisto, once again, was absent. Dr. Thorne, ass’t vice president for
student affairs was absent also. It was obvious from viewing the
people who were sent, that the singular intent of the administration
was to pretend absolutely nothing was wrong. To insure this duplicity
onc administrative representative refused to answer virtually all
important questions‘ This being his specialty. His major concern for
the day seemed to be how best to ignore the questions while keeping
ORDER. The other representative seems to have been completely
ignorant of recent campus events.

So the students who gathered Monday afternoon were treated to
another circus sponsored by the administration and paid for by the
State of New York.

Think about this university. Think about this society. What are your
priorities? And What are their priorities? Sometime soon something
must change. What are you going to do?

Vote NO For Tax

Student Association dcspcratcly nccds mandatory student tux. lfthc
tux rcfcrcndum which is bcing conducted next Tuesday, Wednesday,
and Thursday docs not receive enough support, next semester will
witness lhc curtailment of many student activities and the ﬁnancial
ubolishmcnl of many student interest groups. For example, the ASP
will only print cight page issucs irregularly and small clubs, like scuba
and karate, will fold due to lack of funds.

For many, this is a strong argument in favor of mandatory sludenl
lax; however, for us it is not strong enough. in all good consciousness
we cannot endorse mandatory student tax becausc il infringes on the
free will of every individual on campus and removes the important
right of choice. John Stuart Mill in his book On Libcrly says that “the
human faculties of perception, judgment, discriminatch feeling,
mental activity, and even moral preference are cxcrciscd only in
making a choice." How then can the same student body who voted
for the CURE proposal, a proposal which allows individuals to
exercise their perceptions through free choice, vote for mandatory
lax?

Mill latcr wrilcs lhul “he who lcls lhc world, or his own portion of
it, choose his plan of life for him has no need of any other faculty
than the upclikc one of imitation." A vote in favor of mandatory
sludcnl tax is a sure way of fostering zipclikc behavior and insuring
that every student is like another in at least one way - they have all
paid their student lax. In an age of purported individuality, how can
we volc for something which is going to make each and every one of
us the same in one respect?

“lluman nalurc is not a machine In be built after u modcl,“ wrilcs
.lolm Mill, “but u lrcc, which requires to grow and develop itself on all
sides, according lo the forces which nuikc il a living thing.“ A vote for
mandatory sludcnl tax will remove sonic of the living suhsluncc of us
all and serve as an initial step in our dclmmanizaiion.

A.T.

(LG.

FRIDAY, APRIL 24. 1970

     

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

 

Communications

 

 

Dear G. C.

To the Editor:

On April 9 a bill was introduced
and passed in Cen tral Council
which called for a referendum on
the Passover holiday. Usually ele-
ction commission runs central
Council elections and referen-
dums. However, since they had
just finished one election last
month and have another election
planned in a few weeks, Political
and Social Positions committee
was requested to run the referen-
dum. This request was made at
the meeting and in accepting to
run the referendum we offered to
handle the technical aspects neces-
sary for it In no way did we take
over Countil‘s job in the religious
area. We are currently involved in
ﬁnalizing arrangements with a law
firm for the student body and
setting up a bail fund. Our mem-
bers as a group neither have the
time or have showed the willing-
ness to take over the question of
Passover classes - and nor were we
ever requested to.

Your editorial of Arpil 17 en-
titled “Passing Over" seemed to
imply that Political and Social
Positions Committee hurl initiated
the entire idea of having a referen-
dum We never suggested such a
move but merely consented lo
operate it. Ourjob was complclcd
as a committee assignment when
we turned over the results to
Central Council. The latter groups
action was non-existent, but what
could they really do. They zil-
rcady, through the Commission
for Religious Affairs, made a
strong plea to the administration.

Council jumps on the idea of a

referendum they will take a

moment to think what it will
accomplish.

,Sinccrely,

David Neufeld

Charades

To the Editors:

On Monday, April 20th I went
to my first President's Conference
with students. 1 was sorely disap-
pointed.

I had always assumed that since
the President had agreed to hold
these confercnces every week, he
Would be there. i guess I have a
lot to learn about President's Con-
ferences but I still had the feeling
that those meetings didn't mean
very much to him.

As to his substitute, Dr. O’Rcilly
seems liken pretty nice fellow. He
was very civil, very quiet and he
took a lot of unnecessary badger-
ing from some students. The point
is, he seemed totally unprepared.
He couldn‘t even answer ele-
mentary questions about the rc-
cent fracas at Colonial Quad. An
"I don‘t know" answer to 11 large
majority of questions is simply
unacceptable, honest but still un-
acceptable. The very least an ad-
ministrulor could do is to familiar
ize himself with issues which are
almost certainly going to be
brought up.

I honestly got the feeling that
these conferences are held just to
humor the students. Unless the
Administration takes a much
more serious attitude towards
these meetings, i really think it is
a disservice to all concerned to
continue n Charade.

No More Talk

To: President Allen A. Kuusisto
From: Third World Liberation
Front

ir:
We will.no longer deal with your
office on a conversational level.

Because of the factsstated below:

:1) Your undying willingness to
converse has done nothing to
change the racism that caused the
present situation.

b) Your conversation has done
nothing to ease campus tensions.

c) Your conversation has done
nothing to stop the arrest by the
University in the wake of our
meetings

Because of this, we are forced to
make a statement to the effect
that:

1) We are aware of the support
and actions of several groups in
our behalf.

2) We agree that the charges
brought against students by the
administration musl be dropped.

11) We as an organization no
longer take the responsibility of
holding Black or White persons or
groups in check from rcprisais
against the University, as we have
been doing up to now.

-l) We welcome communication
from you as to u change in the
present course of action the Uni-
versity has taken.

Any action taken by the Univer-
sity in a positive direction might
serve to quell the growing anger
and frustration cnsucd by the Uni-
versity’s luck of and indeed nega-
tive action.

mammary

 

 

 

 

Possibly the next time Central

Richard Pcarsall

 

 

WHY POLLUTION?

by Jack Schwartz
New Left Organizing Committee

 

 

The students at Santa Barbara who burned down
the Bank of America probably did more to save the
environment than all of the “teach-ins" and “survi-
val fuircs" put together (Ramparts magazine).

Question: Who makes decisions in Ameriku'.’ Who
controls industrial output, rate of production, and
consumer consumption? Obviously not us. it‘s the
Landful of men who run the corporations, and the
government, and the armed forces, and the univcr-
sitics; a few make the decisions for the rest of us.
(But the problem is not only production and
consumption, but also our cultural values and our
social relationships), The basic motivations of
Amerikun Society are so bankrupt, that New York
City has already been declared a hazardous pol-
lution area because of the carbon monoxide level in |
the air.

Government and industry see the problem finally,
and they have responded with massive public
relations attempts, scientific reports and commit-
tees, - like with Civil Rights, like with the war, and
like our Sunyu administration. What such proposals
miss is that it is not the control of the land, air and
water that is at stake, but the control of man.

AL RPI last night, Kelleher from Troy said
that he did not believe in limiting the birth rate
because there are enough material goods for all, if
the system worked. If the system worked! Profit
means growth and competition, at all costs,nnd we
must change our priorities from the quantity of
profit to the quality of life, stressing human needs
instead of corporate nccds.

Wednesday was “back to the proper channels"
Earth Day. We were told: you can depend on the
government to solve the pollution problem. is this
the federal government. that spend 2.11% of their
budget on all natural resource programs, in 1965,
and only 1.8% in 1970? in fiscal year 1969, we
spent 3.6 billion on all natural resource programs
and 4 billion to reach outer space!

The Depiirtmcnt of the interior steals resources
from the American lndians, and auctions them off
to the highest bidder. The Atomic Energy Commis-
sion has made Colorado 11 plutonium mine. Scc'y of
the interior llickcl has given Alaska and her oil to
the Oil 1nduﬂuy. in return for Nixon’s campaign
money. How about the local "elected" officials, like
Erastus Corning, who, after iii) years in power, only
needs two more weeks to gel. trash cans on the
streets and in the parks. I asked him Wednesday
about the pollution from United ’l‘raction buses, but
he only rides in limousines, so he doesn't know

. Azﬂ’l‘l’mil’lx‘ is

about the exhaust from his brolhcr's buses. The
sanitation services in the South End ghetto are
nonvcxistcnl, as is true in Harlem, Bcd—Stuy, North
Phinludclphin el ul, because white people don't live
in these places. Will Neil Kellehcr stop sclling used
cars not that. he knoWs that. they cause pollution?
Will Attorney General chkuwit'l. shut down indus-
tries that fill his party‘s coffers with election-time
funds? And does millionaire Senate hopeful Ot-
Lingcr really think that prices aren‘t fixed in our
country?

Well, anyhow, we can depend on the humanitarian
instincts of big business. At RPl's teach-in, a man
from G.E. was asked why the people must pay for
anti-pollution programs when they purchase goods,
and he replied that the only place to get money is
from the profits, and with low profits, god forbid
GE might go out of business! General Motors builds
cars so that they will break down in a few years, and
we can go buy a new one, if we're not sprawled out
on the highway somewhere. The point is, don’t
collect litter. attack those who produce the garbage.

We can still find help on our campuses, can't we?
Here at Albany, for instance, the Kuusisto Kid has
admitted that construction crews and maintanencc
have been (lumping trash in the pond. And our
scientists have been dumping radioactive waste
products down the drain, to be rc-circulated! All the
concrete helps the ecology too, i guess.

The answer is, the people must demand self-deter-
mination and control of their own lives. We can‘t
even see our own records, or prevent searches and
seizures of our belongings in the dorms, or secret re-
search being done on campus. So how will we stop
GE from destroying Vietnam, or stop United Fruit
from running Latin America and invading Cuba, and
how do we get the armed forces out of the 109
countries they are in? as technicalities are ironed
o .

“We begin by dccentrulizing power, and exercising
our Human Rights. Remember the People's Park?
We stopped construction there, so far. We must stop
the factories that pollute, by any means necessary.
Blockade airports, super highways and construction
that is anti-human in purpose. Work for an end to
capitalism, so that we can end wur, povorty, racism,
unemployment, hunger. dictatorship. poor educa-
tion, heroin addiction, safety hazards, greed, aliena-
tion, AND pollution.

Do we have any other choice?
All Power to the People

 

PAGE ,9

lonial Quad

Your article on the disturbance at Colonial Quad was definitely
slanted and misleading. i am not saying it was purposely slanted, for
in any situation involving more than one person, each person perceiVes
it differently. i wish to give you a “blacker” side of the incident on
points I know are incorrect.

First pertaining to Sunday. The supervisor did request to see the
meal card. And the girl did refuse. Then, you more; the supervisor
"confiscated" the card in accordance with specified procedure.
However there is a "slight" difference in conﬁscating a card following
procedure and snatching it from the person, or taking it off the tray.
The manner in which the supervisor took the card was a direct affront
to the girl, resulting in a fight.

There were other ways the supervisor could have "conﬁscated" the
card. The moment the girl refused to show the card, the supervisor
sould have realized that a crisis was developing and anything she did
would be vieWed as white supervisor vs. black student If she had done
something as simple as going to the black female kitchen helper, (who
is friendly with all the black students on Colonial), and had her ask
the girl for the card, the incident could have been avoided. I am told
that the supervisor has used the same “approach” with white students
as well. That does not excuse the manner in which she deals with
students black or white.

Next comes the problem of how many “attacked” the supervisor.
Why did you mention the supervisor’s belief that more than one
student struck her, if she herself isn't positive? You know damn well
that people will believe more than one student was involved. Did you
bother to consult the person or persons who stopped the fight? People
at the sccne, white and black have told me that only two persons were
fighting, the student and the supervisor. A young man who helped
pull them apart, says there were only two involved. Since he didn't
have a blouse over his head, perhaps he is more correct than the
supervisor.

As for the R.A. who was allegedly beaten, and has bruises to show
for it. i wouldn‘t print her story until she comes up with witnesses.

Concerning the arrest and charges. Why did she (the supervisor) take
the matter to civil court? She did not. press charges immediately, first
she consulted Food Service. if Food Service had really wanted to
persuade her not to press charges, they could have. We have seen a
similar situation involving the student arrested doing the Gerry
Wagner incident. The Administration is using the same legal “smoke
screcn.“ by saying that a private citizen is pressing charges, therefore
they are powerless to stop it. Food Service is in direct consultation
with the supervisor. Anyone who refuses to admit this is only
deceiving himself.

Second, let us discuss what happened Wednesday. Your article leads
people to believe that the violence was organized. As a black student 1
know it wasn't. What did happen Wednesday: You have black
students thinking one of their sisters was being victimized by the
white Food Service, coming to Colonial Quad to show support. There
is tension in the air. The Blacks expect something to happen. The
whites expect something to happen. There is fear on both sides They
come on to the line en masse. You are wrong when you imply all the
students refused to show cards. i personally spoke to the card
checker. She told me that some of the students refused to show cards
She kept a level head, and instead of bringing the situation to a crisis
then, by demanding to see their cards, she locked the cash register and
wont to the man in charge of the kitchen. He did nothing (he
disappeared into the kitchen, and was never heard of again). Now, you
have a mass of black students coming up to the serving area. The
scrvcrs panic and go to the kitchen, closing down the food line. Two
black students go behind the counter and start serving the crowd.
There is a “clash.” Some people say a girl threw something, some say
a plate fell over, either way this spark the crowd and “mob thinking"
takes over Mob lhi'nking- not organized revolt.

Although public newspapers (ox. 'I‘he Knickerbocker News) implied
that all 80 black sludcnls participated in (he dislurbance al the most
there were 25 who did. 25 out of over «150 blacks who attend this
university.

The fight you wrote of happened 5 minutes before the major
disturbance. The 3 or 11 white students involved were at a table in an
area usually used by the Blacks. Every quad has such an area. The
same way fraternities sit in a particular section, so do black people. If
white students should sit in the area, nothing happens. Until
Wednesday, there has never been an incident when whites were asked
to leave. On Wednesday, they were, but looking at the entire situation
we can understand not condone what happened.

Looking back, one must conclude that what happened Sunday and
Wednesday resulted from stupid actions of both sides Each black
student had his own personal reason for being there. For most the
reason was frustration, not necessarily caused by incidents on campus
but also by incidents in the "outside" world. What they did was not
against the white students at Albany State, personally, but against the
whole racist system. They broke furniture not bodies and smashed
windows not faces. I saw a belch guy knock down a white girl. He
said “excuse me," helped her up and then procecdc to turn over her
table.

1 write this not to excuse my peoples‘ behavior, nor to apologize for
it. it is senseless to place a value judgment on what happened, to judge
it either right or wrong accomplishes nothing. The best thing is to try
to understand what caused the incident and with this knowledge plan
the future. Having muss arrests or blaming all black students, will only
lead to further polarization on this campus. Ending the E.0.P.
program will stop black distrubances on this campus, but when you
leave here we will be waiting, and so will unsolved racial problems. If
we (black and whites) don't get off our asses and start solving

problems now, we never will.
Peace,

Ronald Simmons

 

The Albany Student Press is published twice a week by me
Student Association of the State University of New York at
Albany. The ASP editorial ofﬁce is located in room 334 of the
Campus Center building. This newspaper was founded by the
Class of 1918 and is funded by student tax. ASP phones are
457-2100 and 457-2194. if no answer, messages may be left at
457-3430.

 

 

 

 

 

     

‘4‘

u . ‘vllw'.m‘v'n.~dw.‘ _ _

