 

 

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

TUESDAY. MARCH 10, 1970

 

 

COMMUNICATIONS

 

 

RA’s Respond

To the Editors:

In response to your editorial
comments, Friday, March 6,
1970, above your article “Bust
and Near-Bust.” I, an RA on State
Quad, was frankly astounded, not
at your statements, but at the
overwhelming generalizations that
could be and, in many cases,
deﬁnitely were inferred by stu-
dents concerning the RA position.
In itself, your statements were
realistic because students must be
aware of the decisive role an RA
may play when put in a position
such as the one described in the
article. However, many have taken
this warning as a blanket state-
ment that every RA is always a
policeman. To state that RA's
“are required to act as policemen"
and “have no choice but to act as
policemen when given the option"
refutes the possibility that an RA
is a person-—a person who, like
everyone else, has a free will and a

choice in any situation. Although
university policy sets down ex-
pectations for him, he nevsrthe-
less has the prerogative to inter-
pret and carry out those rules in
any manner he sees fit.

Although many RA's may feel
bound to a literal interpretation
of university policy, be it concern-
ing drugs, hot plates, or unregis-
tered overnight guests, to place all
in that category is an injustice. To
say that all RA’s are policemen is
analogous to saying that anyone
who smokes grass will inevitably
go on to opium or heroin. Your
implication may be totally correct
for some individuals, but a stu-
dent must consider an RA first as
a person. To categorize a person
as a policeman simply because of
a title is a refutiation of all that
makes him an individual. Each
student must therefore approach
his RA as an individual, and tailor
his trust and expectations accord-
ingly.

Lorraine Collotta
Karen Falleson
Kathy Spiak

Hoods and capes

Sirs:

In a pedantic, pathetic, almost
whimpering self-evaluation.
MYSKANIA 1970 at last respond
ed to the long standing and richly
deserved criticisms directed
toward that organization. By abdi-
cating the last vestige of its illicit
governmental function,
MYSKANIA has .attempted to
placate its critics and justify its
continued existence as a non-
ucademic honorary with cere-
monial duties.

In this redefinition of role, the
members of MYSKANIA have
failed to acknowledge their great-
est sin, that of esoterism. The
University is an institution dedi-
cated to the pursuit of truth and
the proposition that no know-
ledge is justly secret or privileged.
By its esoterism MYSKANIA is
more anti-intellectual than non-
academic.

It is ironic, therefore, that the
members of MYSKANIA should
be permitted to don special aca-

demic regsiia at ceremonies that
are purely academic. Hoods and
capes would be more appropriate.

William R. Martin
656736

Power Play

Brothers and Sisters:

The motion is beginning. The
anger and despair which for years
we have spent on ourselves is
moving on the real enemy. We are
serving notice that our lives, our
culture, our institutions, our eco-
logy, belong to us. This university
is not the place for police. The
days in which they can move on
this campus with immunity are
ending. The government and cor-
porations have no right to our
resources. There will be no field
house. The institutions will meet
the needs of their people. There
will be a day care center here. For
those prepared to implement this
program there will be an open
meeting of the New Left Organiz-
ing Committee Thursday night.
All Power to the People!

NLOC

1972 Pays Up

To the Editors:

According to the Editorial of
Friday’s ASP, funds from the
Class of 1972 was appropriated
for an ad that appeared in that
Tuesday's paper. This is not true.

Although the ad concerned an
invitation to an open meeting, it
also included the names of the
then-incumbent officers. Some
felt that this was also a political
move. Therefor after some con-
sideration the people concerned
decided to split the cost between
themselves. No vouchers have
been drawn and no bills have been
paid out of class funds for this
purpose.

We appreciate the chance to
clear up any misconceptions.

Sincerely,

Tom LaBarbera
Rich Friedlander
Sue Levey

Dale Padnick

    

 

Experimental College...

by Daniel G. Small

Experimental College is a group of students and
teachers who are trying to consider the educational
process in a different perspective. One of the basic
assumptions of the traditional system of education
(American and European, elementary and ad-
vanced), is that the student does not know enough--
what is “good for him" or what he wantsnto direct
his own education.

What happens. then, is that the student is led
through a maze of courses and programs, told what
to study, how to study and then checked to see if
he did indeed “get something" from this experience
by means of tests covering what the educator
considers important for the cducatee to know.

Rarely is the student asked what he wants to
learn or what he is interested in, instead he is told
what to take--in the way of prerequisites and
distribution requirements-after deciding what cate-
gory or branch of knowledge he will concentrate on.
More specifically, the courses he takes are already
structured for him by the instructor and the
departmentnhe is not permitted to think or work
out his program for himself.

This process of structured education sometimes
works admirably well. It has turned out some
remarkable men and women in all ﬁelds and is at
least adequate for the functional needs of our
society. Sometimes, however, it fails miserably.
Along with its exceptional product and its average
and quite acceptable product, it has its rejecls and
misfits-those who for some reason do not “make
it" through the system, those who fail.

The failures and misfits are recongizablc enough:
no degree, poor job, poor status for those who fall
out of the cart on the way to commencement;
rebellion and radical attempts at change for those
who may measure up but don't want to be mere
passengers during their educational trip.

Unfortunately, however, these are not the only
failures. We have been hoodwinked into believing
that successful competion of the educational jour-
ney, symbolized by a degree, stamped, sealed, and
signed, means that we know something, are experts
in an area, are qualified for some occupation--in
short, are educated. A successful graduate, then,
may be something, may have learned skills or gained
knowledge that he can use in a career, but he may
not know what or who he really is, or why he chose
the field he did.

The educational system as most of us have
experienced it does not allow the individual to
develop autonomously because it docs not believe
he can. ‘Learn to know yourself," says our cdu-
cationul systcm,‘but do it this way." We who are
directly involved in Experimental College, and
others whose thinking lies in the arrmc direction, feel
that the individqu ought to have more freedom in
deciding how he will live and how he will learn. This
is cmontlully a faith in the ability of the individual
to direct himself.

John Hall compares the university as he Would
like to sec it to a library or other public facility
which offers entertainment and/or an educational
experience, without insisting that the person using

the l'acrlity absorb an arbitrary amount of informa-
tion and later prOVc it on a test: “Why shouldn't a
school, college, or university he like a museum, a
library, a concert hall, a lecture hall, a sports
facility?

Why shouldn’t it, like them, say to the public,
‘Here is what we have to offer you; here are the
possibilities. If they appeal to you, come in and use
them, for as little or as long as you like'?...Nor is
there any necessary reasons why universities should
worry so about qualifications. This will seem start-
ling ut first. But after all, when I borrow a book or
record from the Boston Public Library, nobody
gives me a quiz to be sure I will understand it. It's
up to me to decide how I want to spend my time
and to run the risk of wasting it."

We who believe in this capacity for sclf‘direction
are asking simply for the opportunity to experience
it. This is what Experimental College is all about.
We are asking to be allowed to take upon ourselves
the responsibility for a portion of our educational
experience here at SUNYA I believe that there are
many more students and teachers here who would
welcome the opportunity to find within themselves
the interests and directions they will pursue. By
granting students and faculty this option, whether
within the existing' structure, in independentstudy
or through the development of a program such as
Experimental College, the University would be
saying an emphatic Yes! to its fine motto Let
Each Become All He Is Capable of Being.

by Rich Stenherg

i am sick of being it non-feeling and non-learning
entity. For too long has this life meant separation
from others. Captain America told us that people
talk freedom real well, but show them a free man
and they‘ll kill him. People - we've all been living on
this campus without each other ‘ now is the time to
change. Kuntslcr and Froincs told us to be ourselves
- once you find your own truth, life will truly
become worthwhile.

This is part of the reason why the EXPERI-
MENTAL COLLEGE is starting its spring awaken-
ing. As one of a group who is receiving fifteen
credits to freely do with his life what he cares to i
can 5in let us all do what we want. If we all come
together and WORK TOGETHER (yes, talking is
good, but , alas, talking doesn't get the work done),
we can clrrrngc this place of education into a living
experience. Living experience - what does that have
to do with education? When we all realise that each
of us is an individual with definite needs and
attributes we will realise that each is essentially
good. We have to open up our heads to things other
than exams. imagine taking a semester where you
enjoyed yourselfund shouldn't learning be enjoy-
able?

Take a semester where you read all thc books you
huvc wanted to rczrd ~ or bcttcr yut, maybe just
going off and thinking out your head, or enjoying
nature. is that goofing off? Not if you believe in
yourself. We‘ve all been striving for false goals - let's
rccvrriurrtc.

Spring Awakening

Let’s open the university. Let's ask the President
to stop classes (and not with profs cheating) and let
people exist in an open university for a few days.
Even this idea has been subverted into now calling it
closing the universitv.

The EXPERIMENTAL COLLEGE is now accept-
ing applications for life. We have reserved the
Ballroom for Monday 23, 7:30. We are going to talk
about where the EXPERIMENTAL COLLEGE has
been and where we can all go together. Help us to
restructure this university.

by Ed Tick

William Kunstler spoke of the “Festival of Life."
It has been our fervent desire and meager attempt to
bring the Festival of Life into the academic com-
munity. We of Experimental Colllege have tried to
open for this university only one of the possibilities
of a total learning experience, without polarization
of intellect and feelings, without unrelated disci-
plines, without irrelevance to us. We have wanted
not to be educated, but to learn. We have wanted
our experience and our growth to be for us,
whoever we are, to satisfy our needs and our desires,
whatever they might be. Needless to say, we have
met much frustration. But we have learned, we have
grown, we have taken the time to honestly look at
ourselves, our peers, our university community, and
education in general.

it is long past time for each of us in this
university to stop and take an honest look around.
it is long past time for each of us to ask ourselves,
“Am I satisfied? Am I getting what I need and
want? Do I even know what I need and want? How
can I find out about myself and how can I fulfill my
needs? How can I help others fulfill theirs?

So much of the problem of education and indeed,
of the world, lies in the dehumanization of life, of
the warped value system we have lived and learned
under. We must appeal to ourselves and to each
other as people, with all our faults, limits, fears, and
vulnerabilities; but more than that, with all our love,
honesty and tremendous potential. We can be, we
need to be, creative and productive, thinking and
feeling. We need to deal with these things on the
level of life! We do not need to be programmed and
we should not be. We should refuse to be pro~
grammed.

It is much easier to rccognizu what we do not
want. We can all knock the system. Our words are
beautiful and our intellectual arguments in the
rathskcllur are ever so enthralling. Butwc can see
some direction, we can take steps, we can work
together. Many people are trying in small ways:
Experimental College, General College, Student
Power, CURE, Pass-Fail Committee, Women's Lib-
crution and various political and social organiutions.
How many of us kno ' what we really wunt‘.’ liow
'nuny like sitting in a lecture hall or sleeping in a
classroom? llow runny of us like having our moral.
ecstatic moments in ’l‘lrursduy night drinking bouls
or Friday night movies? Ecstasy exists in Life.
Learning exists in Life. Life is Ecstasy and we crnr
make. our education ll meaningful and total life
experience.

 

 

 

TUESDAY, MARCH 10, 1970

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

  

  

 

Editorial Comment

Everything that was wrong with local press coverage of William
Kunstler could be summed up by quoting the Times Union’s headline
on the Kunstler story last Friday: “Kunstler Says Nixon Uses Courts
Like Nazis Did."

By quoting one point in a lengthy speech for a headline, the Times
Union immediately gave the impression that Kunstler‘s analogy of
Nixon and the Nazis comprised a major portion of this speech. The
article by Marty Schwartz continued this impression.

Schwartz devoted the ﬁrst three paragraphs of his story to the
Nixon- Nazi analogy. He then discussed Kunstlcr's statements about
Reagan, Kelleher. and the first amendment.

Schwartz then spoke about John Froincs in a similar manner. He in
no way mentioned what Froines had to say about the jail foodcrawling
lo the cell, but instead discusses what Froincs said about Hofiman’s
wife “contributing heavily to one of the late lllinois Sen. Everett
Dirksen‘s campaigns.“

Finally, Schwartz never mentions the enthusiastic reception
Kunstler received. Schartz speaks vaguely of 6500 people and
contents himself by recording numbers rather than reactions.

The nature of the quotations Schwartz saw fit to include in his
article was such that we wonder if Schwartz was in the gym only
physically and mentally pickcling outside with the veterans' organ-

izalrons.
G.G.

 

  
  
 
  
 

  
  

. " I a "‘71. M
a dun mum mm
THAT rm roam: c To Hf!

  

 

 

Reﬂections on Leadership

by Barry Kirschner

 

 

 

What exists today is a society in which there is an inverse
relationship between the desirability of titles and the people who earn
them. Those who wc call the honorable are actually the least
honorable, those recognized as most altruistic are actually the most
selfish.

The processes for selection in organizations, whether they be
political or social, seem to sieve out those unwilling to make whores
of themselves and their convicitons. Those most willing to prostitute
ideals and caress the backsides of higher ups are most likely to end up
with ‘the system' working for them.

On the national scene we can look at people like the president and
his most recent opponent to fit the whorish image. If anyone has been
keeping tabs of developments closer to home they realize that the
criticria for recognition within the university is also paradoxical;
certainly bearing little positive relationship with dedicated service.

No more blatant example of this paradox can be found than our
elections for MYSKANIA class officers. The correlation between
being elected and deserving election is at best random. Do candidates
actually believe that there will be a positive response to a poster
saying vote for Sam (or Samantha) Schmuck? Walking on the podium
would be embarrassing to a self-respecting member of an enlightened
electorate-someone who asks questions of candidates like-what are
you concerned about?

What it boils down to is that people are concerned not about
correcting a nation’s pcrversions and its manifestations, but about
achieving a reputation and a status unrelated to their meaningul
contributions. This is what allows people to seek positions not as a
mean to solve some real problem, but as an end to satisfy a hungry
ego.
What is most frightening about this condition among our ‘elite,’ is
that it is but a reflection of the attitudes of ourselves. if our leaders
seem like the ‘scum of the earth,‘ we must also consider that they are
elected because we admire their antics. Just as Americans can look at
Richard Nixon and be proud, we can look at our newly elected
officials.

Ths significance of this phenomena is a corrolury to Leo Durou—

chcr's "nice guys finish last," that being assholes arc in the lead.

 

asp stall

 

The Albany Student Press is published twice a week by fire
Student Associalion of the Slalc Universin of New York al
Albany. The ASP editorial ol'l‘icc is located in room 334 of the
(‘ampus (‘cnlcr building. This newspaper was founded by llrc
Class of l‘)l8 and is funded by sludcul lax. ASI’ plioncs are
457-2190 and 457-2l94. if no answer. messages may be lcl'l al
457-3430.
Editors-ilr~(,‘hlcf

Gary Gel! and Anilu 'I‘Imyer
Managing Edilor . . . . . . .
News It‘dilors

. .I’a! ()‘Ilern
Nancy Durislr

, ,(‘urol Hugth
. . Linda Walers
. li’obcrl Ii‘umr'lunl
. Harm Fink

. . 'I‘om (flingun
Lilo/r Sluszulr‘

Arts Editor
Sporls Editors . . . . . . . .

(1in Ic‘tlilor

News ("natures Editor
llusiin'ss Manager
I’rodrrr'lion Manager
A (lrlcrlislilu li’fﬂlllle’t’I'
Notional Ad Illnlrugur
Plrologruphy lu'dilor

[lorry lilrsr'lnrvr
. Al .‘r‘vmu
('qu'lr Il’ilmlr
(llorlu llollislcr
Jr‘ff Rodgers
I'llil Franc/rim
Illurly Ih'njmrriu

All communications should be addressed to tho urlilcrs and must be
signed. Nnmus um willrcld on ruqrrusl. Lotion arc limited to 300 words
and are subject to editing. Editorial policy of the Albany Student Press
is determined by the Editors-in-Chlal.

 

  

   
 
 
  

N0.
TH
0

 

 

 

All Power to the

 

 
 

People

by Jack L. Schwartz

 

 

l have been informed that since my first gem
slipped past the Editor of lhc ASP and appeared in
print, [here has been a new subscriber lo the
paper-vibe New York Slate Join! (E’) Legislatiue
Conrmillec on Crime. So, hi out llrere, fellow
law-and-order freaks!

Meanwhile, back in Nam, (you DO remember
Viet-Nam, don't you?) the U.S. has found a new
way to stop the tide of Asians moving towards
Communism—4w destroying young Asians. ln
Operation Runchhand, the US. uses 2,-i,5-T, a new
dcfoliunt that has produced a shocking rate of birth
defects. The producer of the killing agent is Dow
Chemical, and it has been discovered that 1,305
miles of the U.S.-Canudian border has been sprayed
with it, causing death to fish, small animals, and
chn sheep upon increased exposure.

****

State Senator Samuel Greenberg has disclosed
that at least $11.8 million of $7.1 million used for
construction of our campus has been wasted Less
than 10% of our campus space is used for class-
rooms, so naturally the next thing to build is u
fieldhousc. Maybe they intend to house the resi-
dents of Indian Quad in it! Dorm fees and tuition
will go up next September, as a result, while
Rockefeller's pals on the State University Con-
struction Fund fill their bank accounts with the
people‘s taxes.

Other travestics of students’ rights on campus
lately have included the passing of a new calendar,
which allows us start school a week before Labor
Day, and take finals the day directly following the
last day of classes. incidentally, the calendar was
not passed in Senate while there were student
representatives voting.

State cops, from the Bureau of Criminal Inves-
tigation, with the aid ofstudcnt informers, probably
wire-taps, power-hungry drom directors and R.A.'s
(and of course Cliffie Thorne), have been busting
our brothers and sisters on drug charges. “The law is
on the side of the state police," 'l‘horne oinked, but
whose laws are they? Protect yourselves—remember
that an R.A. or Dorm Dictator can be stopped quite
easily if resident students get together and stand up
to illegal searches and seizures!

In University Governance-tor should i say Ad-

‘ Adolph Hitler.

ministrative rule—I noticed a small article in the last
ASP that states the "qualifications" for self-nomina-
tion of Senate hopefuls. Bullshit. Ignore them. If
you want to, lie on the form about your marks—no
one in the "student government" will bother to
check them. Congratulations to Richard KENDALL
for his election to the Senate-it's sort of like
Carswell on the Supreme Court, the way Senate gets
packed with anti-democratic faculty and chicken-
shit students.

The faculty senate of the SUNY system gave a list
of demands to Rockefeller, including such beneﬁts
(for faculty only) as legal counsel and paid sabbati-
cal lenves, as well as exorbitant pay hikes. Do you
remember the reaction to our demand for the gym
for Thursday night, and how ridiculous they think
all of our demands are?

##3##}!

Supreme Court Justice William 0. Douglas, in a
new book, has said that "revolution may prove to
be the only honorable alternative to oppression by
the American Establishment." He goes on to attack
the Pentagon, the CIA, FBI, government and cor-
porate bureaucracies, and racist practices by police,
employers and educators, as adding to the suppre-
ssion of freedom in our country. American protest-
ors need not be submissive—a speaker who resists
arrest is acting as a free man," he says, and then he
credits the first “agnewist” statement—“The streets
of our country are in turmoil. The Universities are
filled with students rebelling and rioting...we need
law and order” to the saint of the Silent Majority—

It is obvious that a revolution is already upon us,
witness the recent outrages over the sentencing of
the Chicago Conspiracy. The liberals had their
chance to change things, and ended up with Bobby
and John Kennedy, Dr. King and Malcolm being
gunned down. They got the police riot in Chicago,
the nomination of Humphrey, and the election of
Nixon, and now the wave of government violence
being used to put our radical brothers and sisters in
jail forever; those that survive. Our rulers think that
they can stop freedom with wiretaps, informers,
police raids, prison and guns. They cannot. Self-
dctermination for people shall come, despite these
fascist tactics. All Power to the People!

 

 

 

 

MEET THE ’

Albany Student Press
SUNDAY at 7 PM

in the Patroon Lounge

We welcome all comments, complaints,
and whatever else you have on your mind.

 

 

L__'_i

 

