.. - - ,-A,—\,.—\,_.. A A 1,. .

.3, -V\A,,... ..

 

,A.~.~.»—~.-i/'wa, "

It.

PAGE 12

HASSLED???? DIAL

by Judy Avner

During the two days of dialogue,
interest was expressed about the
need for some sort of group, on
campus to help deal with crises
expert'iiced by any member of
_‘ ,‘ersity community. This
crystali'zéd into the
Faculty Committee to Establish a
Center for Interaction.

 

Un call 24 hours a day, 7 days a
week are psychologists, psychia-
trists, doctors, graduate assistants,
and students. Included in the
:group are John Tucker of Coun-
seling Service, Louis Lieberman of
'the Sociology Department, and
Dr. Janet Hood of the Student
Health Center.

Bad trips and other problems
related to drugs and drug ad-

Juniors Seek Views

In Opinion Poll

by Gregory Thompson

The class of '7] will hold an
opinion poll on April 29 and 30
to obtain the ideas of the class on
a variety of issues concerning uni-
versity, community and inter-
national problems in an attempt.
to give ‘71 a feeling of unity.

The poll on Wednesday aan

CURE
Accepted...

Continued from page I

intended to rule out the con-
sideration in Senate of political
stands on the war, environment,
etC.

Tim Reilly, opponent of the
resolution, called this move a
national conservative drive by uni-
versity professors to make univer-
sities apolitical. His adversaries.
however, maintained that the Sea-
ate was never intended to take
political positions. The resolution
was postponed indefinitely by a
31-23-6 vote.

Thursday will read as follows: “In
an attempt to develop a statewide
bond between the student bodies
of the university centers, should
We strike when they strikc;sliou|d
we demonslratc when they dem-
onstrate; should we give support,
to another university center‘s stil-
dcnl body through any nicans
possible?"

Students will be sitting on all
the uptown dinncr lint-s on lhc
29th and 30th, and will he in the
Campus Centcr thosc two days to
accomodatc voting commuters.
No identification or proof will be
required; the class officers are
asking that students be honest aan
only sign the poll if they are
members of the Class of '7l. The
results, of course, will be pub-
lished, and if anyone is interested
in helping with this project please
contact Mary “art or Pat
McGrath.

On May S), as part of the Uni-
versity's annual Parcnts' Weekend,
the Classes of ‘71 and '72 artI
sponsoring a concert featuring the
“Guess Who" and “Scales and
Croft."

 

 

TORCH NIGHT 1970

The TORCH NIGHT Information Card

may be returned tothe Student Activities

Office (CC 364) or mailed to either of

the co-chairmen

 

 

 

[OOH/V6 FOR A

New York State.

levels.

Some vacancies for
Assistant Principals,
and Coordinators,

vaitable.

Mail To:
1 P. 0. Box 250

TEACHING PUSH/0N?
CHOOSE FROM AMONG 3700 VACANCIES - -
Listed by 195 Public School Districts through-
out Connecticut, New Jersey, and Nassau,
Suffolk, Westchester & Rockland Counties in

Hundreds of teaching positions in all areas
and fields of the Elementary and Secondary

All these positions for September of 1970 are
listed in the Journal of Educational Listings.
Send for your copy now - Limited number a-

Journal of Educational Listings
i a

Farmingdale, Long Island. N. Y. 11735

Price — $10.00 per copy -
Please send me ...... ..copy (5) of the Journal at $10.00

per copy. I am enclosing S ...................... ..

Department Chairmen,
Principals, Supervisors

Drip .
Check, Money Order or Cash

 

 

 

 

Name
Address
City State
PRINT CLEARLY Zip .............................. ..

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

457-5300

diction will be encompassed by
the group. However, the crises
dealt with are not limited to drug
use. Students contemplating sui-
cide or those under severe emo-
tional strain can also seek help
from these concerned individuals.

The training of the Crisis Center
staff will include advanced train-
ing in suicide prevention tech-
niques, field studies of programs
at other centers, drug abuse work-
shops, and seminars. The group
will also try to bring training
experts to our campus to provide
further instruction.

The members of Crisis Center,
on behalf of the student body,
voiced support this type of organi-
zation as a service that should be
an integral part of the University.
The number is 457-5300.

Vandals Smash
tar Windows
it Dutch lluail

Vandals smashed the windows
of approximately ten cars parked
in the Dutch Quad parking lot
Wednesday night.

The damage occurred between
the hours of II pm and 3 am. No
motive could be determined. “It.
seems senseless," a spokesman for
Security commented yesterday.
The cars were apparently picked
at random.

One student said he noticed
sneaker prints on the rear hood of
his car. It appeared someone had
kicked his rear windshield in.

FRIDAY, APRIL 24, 1970

 

Meet John Henighan -——

SUNYA's plainclotiies

campus Security Investigator.

 

One car, a fairly new Dodge, had
still not been removed by noon
Thursday. The back window was
:shattered. a gaping hole in the
middle. Glass covered the uphol-
stery and littered the floor below.

Poems for the Shields Mc-
llwaiae Poetry Contest and
short stories for the Lovenheim
Story Contest should be submit-
ted to Robert Judd in HU 375
by May 7.

 

 

 

REE

 

BEER

 

If the above statcmcnt doesn't gct you and your l'i'icnds
over to thc thica Club Brcwcry fora \vcckduy tour, nothing will.
(Brcu'cry tours in Utica, N.Y. open to the public 10 to 5 ucckdays. Closed
Saturdays, Sundays, Christmas Day, and New Year's Day.)

WW

 

 

 

 

   

 

Vol. [VII No. l7

‘It gets so frustrating... ’

 

by Neill E. Shanalian

A young man, seventeen, wanted to see the
world. Perhaps, growing up in the streets of Al-
bany‘s South Side, maturing through the gang
rivalries and individual fist-fights, dropping out of
school, defending his sister on the streets in an
increasingly hostile and racially torn neighborhood,
he had already seen enough of it. More, certainly,
than most. Nevertheless, ghettoes whatever their
color, breed restlessness.

Next week, seven years ago, he joined the army.

To understand his story, one must understand
Terry Rinault. One must understand that life to his
is an adventure. He has no chip or ill-feeling, and
despite his fierce loyalty to family and friend, he
forgets easily. He is happy and broadminded—due in
part to the fact that he reads constantly. Yet despite
the fact that he was discharged over four years ago,
his voice shrinks to a whisper and he almost
shudders as he describes his experience.

How did you react to Basic training?

Panic! It was disillusioning. The recruiter had
explained what it would be like but I still panicked.
We were herded like animals, disorganized, wearing
half army clothes and half civilian. People were
always screaming at you—not too much physical
abuse but constant mental torture.

They tell you when you get there that you‘re the
lowest thing in the world and it confuses you. As
soon as you get organized, get into a company-
--everything you do has to be prompted by Kill!
Kill! Kill’ They use it as a morale thing—to keep
you keyed up.

I guess you need them~crawling under live
machine-gun fire, getting gassed— it's all stuff you
need' but its the way they do it.

For the majority of NCO's, thejob is really a shit
jobr'some sort of punishment and they take it out
on the recruits. They have such a low IQ and a
narrow outlook on everything—many joined off a
farm or out of the slums and they get a real sense of
power being able to take and yell and scream at a
hundred guys. We used to say NCO meant No
Chance on the Outside. It gets so frustrating" just to
answer back is disrespect. It can mean the stockadc
for six months. It gets so frustrating.

Did anyone break, Terry?

17 years old‘RiChard Poland attempted to com-
mit suicide. We were at Fort Dix—3rd training
regiment and they were constantly harassing this
guy. 7:30 one night we heard all kinds of screeni-
ingn he had cut his wrists and ran across the field.
Some guys caught him—tried first aid. They took
off their T-shirts to bandage him but he was out
pretty deep. They took him to Walsson Army
Hospital—but we never saw him again.

What happened after Basic?

I was assigned to the 5th Training Regiment for
flight vehicle training school. I was so happy I was
ready to cry, After about 5 months and a thirteen-
day leave our ship sailed for Germany. I always
pictured Germany as mud huts and straw roofs and
cities bombed oulwbul I‘d much rathcr be sent
there than Korea.

How did you feel about the army at that point?

I still bclicvcd in most of it I fell likc I was in a
movie or something. Most of all, i was prclly proud
now that I had made it through everything I turned

1H on llll' hoat

And what was Germany like?

That's where I first started to think of [he army
as stupid. At Fort Dix they spent over $2,000
lraining cacli guy for light vehicle duty and when we
got lo (ii-rniaiiy, they put us on tractors and Irailcrs
for ciglil \vccks.

Hill I likcil llu- iilca of driving a tractor and
trailer you feel pri-lly big and grown-up. I got a
ccrlil'icatc for 70,000 accidcul l'rcc miles. You feel
likc you have ii job to do, carrying parts of inissles
and comiiiissary goods.

But, then, the most frustrating thing happened. I
wasn‘t the most ideal soldier, but I had my
stripe an Iﬂ-Il private I was put up for El which is
for best soldier in the quarter. Everyonc takes a
proficiency test and out of Brill guys they review, I
was picked. The guy who was picked always wound

ALBANY STUDENT

PRESS

 
 

State University of New Yorli at Albany

An Interview With An Ex-GI

up E-4 and I was pretty glad.

We had had a problem. Before this, we had been
under a guy named Lieutenant Ross. He was a real
drunk-oh, he went to the same burs downtown as
the guys did, tried to be friends—but he turned out
to be a real prick. It was all bullshit because soon he
started to lord his authority over everybody. He was
a real pain.

It got so bad and we got so hot about him that
one day we went over to the first lieutenant and
said that he had to go. He had to go or we'd go. We
were burning to get him off our back! The first
lieutenant investigated—and moved him from execu-
tive officer to battalion. It was worser'everything
had to go through him.

And when I was put up for soldier of the quarter,
he got back. I came out of that quarter~so I
wouldn’t even be considered. It didn't matter if I
was the sharpest in the quarter.

I went to the lieutenant-"but he wasn't. going to
buck battalion for me—or anyone.

What was your reaction?

I hated it! I hated the rotten, stinking army. I
had never tried to excel before. I had always done
my job. I thought of killing himito get shot down
by that creep! After that l was irritated just to do
the things I had to do.

The fact that he could gyp me~and that the
lieutenant wouldn't back you~and then you begin
to see it—there‘s a lot of rotten shit in the army, if
you start to look uround~*guys getting court-
martialed for stealing coffee when all the time the
sargeants steal among themselves. It's all right for
one person to do something and not another,

Like Bucher (Commander. USS Pueblo)—thoy
court-martialled him in prison—they could repri-
mand him for how he actedmsitting in a prison
camp and they turn around iind do the same
goddam thing by signing that paper. But they're at a
desk and they're comfortable every night.

And the prejudice! Now it's known" they can't
hide lhc fact that it doesn't change in uniform. But
then it wasn't out. It depends on who's in power
and who's in ii position to help their own- and the
blacks usually get the bottom.

That was a pretty strong reaction. Did you cool down
after a while? What happened after that.

You see, there Were other things. Other things
were building up-and they blow your mind. I had
been trying to get a leave for home now foralmost
two years. You start to miss your family despite all
the friends you have in the army. I was still only iii.
But a lot of us they wouldn't give leave to. We
weren‘t in favor. They'd give us fifteen days but to
leave Europe you need (lo—and you need a ticket to
and from'-that's $600 or $700. On $72 a month
with beer and cigarettes and everything you can't do
much.

I rolled my tractor, too, outside Nuremhurg and
wound up in the 96th General Hospital. In a few
days I was back in the company for light duty, but I
was still on crutches. The army constantly believes
everyonc's goldbucking and they get on you for
that and for the accident because that works
against the company's chance to win best mileage
and the captain to win a promotion.

And then something I'll iichr forget.

What happened?

It was my birthday and four of us had been out
That night as we Wcrc coming into the barracks l
was on crutches this cook licckcr was coming up
the stairs Becker and I never got along and hc was
drunk. I guess he just got pissed sccing me or
something because he started coming al mc.

mumbling "fuck you“ and "you‘re a mother
fucker ” He went to punch me and I hooked him
and he "ell. Ilc was rcully mad now and still

swr-aring and he started to get up so I kickcd him
in llic face. I had to ()n crutclics it was lliil only
thing I could do.

i was court-martiallcd for "Disorderly in Quar-
ters" they tried me for kicking him.

At the trial there were four witnesses. There were
the three guys with me and Becker. Every goddam
one of them was favorable. The three guys said
Becker had come at Inc first, Becker himself didn't
deny it “i was drunk," he said and said he didn't
know what happened. I pleaded not guilty.

They found inc guilty on till charges. 'I‘hcy

If you

want in...

Here it is

Tuesday. Apiliiit’. 319.70

reduced me to E-l.

Why? How?

You see what happened? For a court-martial to
take place, an officer has to bring charges. You have
an officer to prosecute, an officer to judge, and an
officer for defense. They don’t decide these things
in court—they decide them in the officers' mess
where they drink together and watch baseball
together. For one to say another officer was
wrong-10 chastise another officer on behalf of a
private just doesn’t happen in the army.

Couldn't you appeal?
All the officers are in Battalion and you appeal to
Battalion Headquarters. The same thing again.

What happened then?

I was so disgusted and pissed off, I decided I was
going to do whatever I wanted. I went drinking
every day-*I let my beard grow—I went AWOL—
everything, there wasn’t one thing I didn't miss. It
pissed me off so much that they could actually do
something like that and get away with it. The mere
fact an officer says you did it means you did.

Another Court Martial?
And the stockade.

Could you describe the conditions there?

(Rinault‘s voice now went so low as to be almost
inaudible)

The stockade was deplorable. It was built for 500
but there were 900 there. Racial tensions you just
couldn‘t believe. It was June 19 when got there
and there was no air-conditioning—nothiiig. The cell
blocks were hotter ’n shit, no music. No radios. No
newspapers. All your mail was censoied—mail from
home often was sent back. For “flying mail"
(getting it out secretly) they put me 11 days in
‘The Box" it was 5' by 7' concrete with a little
toilet-howl and a wooden pallet to sleep on, which
you took our during the day. You couldn't smoke.
You couldn‘t talk. It was called “Dietary Segregir
tion."

For breakfast they gave you a little box of
Kellog’s cornflakes and 1% slices of bread with a
little water. One more thing—a large tablespoon of
instant dehydrated potatoes. That's what you get
for lunch and that‘s what you get for dinner.

I was there twice-a total of 21 days and I lost 25
pounds. But they don't write your weight down—
they say only a 5 or 10 pound difference.

One day a group of criminology students came
by from Hudelburg. Before they came in, Captain
Cadfrey came in—he was later made a major—and
told us that if anyone at all contradicted him he
would turn the guards loose on them later on. They
came in and told them we got breakfast cereals and
green vegetables and liquids and all had cots to sleep
in. If we had said no, they would have beat our
brains out.

You‘d sit there—sit. all day long-sit on the
goddam floor all day. Once a day you got a
shower you got 3 minutes. He said we had 15
minutes exercise to the students. We didn't get
any» the liar.

There was constant brutality. If you're in there
for 00 days you get borcdwand sick. One guy like
that tried to csculm’dtc was half beaten to death.
'l'hcy‘d always give provocation. “how do you like it
here" tlii-y'd whini- at you. You'd be walking down
the hallway and they would make you strip get
up strip again and stick a knife in your ass
'l‘hcii somebody else further on down the hallway
would make you strip again. And they always held
the “Box” over your head! That was worse than the
heating

What were most of the guys in the Stockade for?

Kids l7 years oui you wouldn't believe it 17
ycars old and complete alcoholics. Kids“ pro-
lcslors in there with hardened criminals rapists,
murderers.

Could you relate what happened after
you left the stockadc?

I had always been trying to get a 30-day leave
and soon after I got out I got word that my kid
sister was dying. She was only it when I joined and

Continued on page 4

- a in...idxutba:s2:ﬁ4imt"ﬂ.rk.ivo‘n’ s it

 

  

