  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The Campus Center is now open every Friday and Saturday
until 3:00 am. The snack bar is open until 2:00 am. and bowling
and billiards are open until 1:00 am.

Mr. Derrick, Assistant Dean of International Studies in the
College of An" and Sciences, announces that although the
Madrid, Rome and Guadalajara Study abroad programs are one
year in duration, qualified students may be accepted to either
program for one semester only. Applications for the 1971 Spring
Semester are now being accepted. Madrid or Rome-contact Mrs.
Judy Miller 457-8359;Guadalajara-—Dr. Frank Carrino 472-2972.

St. John‘s Parish Project, the group responsible for Viet Rock, is
working towards a more permanent set up with total community-
university participation in the neighborhood. The group meets
every Tuesday at 3:00 p.m. in room 263 of the Performing Arts
Center. Anyone interested in helping the program should attend.
Contact Paula for further information at 462-4586.

Harold Miller from the University of Waterloo, Ontario Canada
will give a colloquium address entitled, “Applications of decision
theory to social psychology" in SS 256 on November 19, 1970 at
3:30 p.m.

All graduate students are cordially invited to attend an informal
reception with Dr. Louis Benezct and other university officials, on
Tuesday, Nov. 19, 1970. Punch will be served in the Patroon
Room of the Campus Center from 4—5:30 p.m.

The graduate student committee on residency and fellowships
will meet with Robert McFarland, Assistant to the Dean of
Graduate Studies to discuss alternatives to the present regulations
for a full year of residence, on Thursday, Nov. 12 iit '7 p.m. in CC
370.

Those wishing to apppcar in their own behalf before the Council
on Promotions and Continuing Appointments are advised to
notify Henry Mall.

International Student ID cards are available in SS 111 and
renewal stamps for 1971 may be obtained next month.

Barry Haber in the School of Business has details about an
experimental program to be offered in 1973 at Nanyang Univer-
sity in Singapore.

Meeting of friends of the Free School will be held on Tuesday,
November 10 at 7:30 p.m. in CC 320.

Campus Chest Drive 1070 will have its profits going to the
Hope House addict rehabilitation Cenlcr. The week‘s activities.
from Nov. 16 to Nov. 2l, will include the sale of “I'm Gonna
Hope" buttons, the presentation by members of Hope House of it
play entitled “Ray of Hope," and a White Elephant Sale-Auction.
Donations for the sun,- will be accepted beginning Nov. 9. Any
questions contact Liz Elsesser or Mary Mazzeo.

The student advisory council of the School of Education will
hold a meeting next Thursday, Nov, 12 in ED 127. Anyone
involved in the teacher cd. program is invited to observe this
meeting.

The Student Advisory Council (formerly the Student Steering
Committee) was organich last year to supplement the Faculty
Advisory Council in assigning members to policy committees in
the School of Education. At present there are only two
undergraduate representatives on the council. but plans are being
made to involve more undergraduates next semester.

 

- Campus Grab 

 

 

 

$$$$$$$$$$$$$
$$$$$$$$$$$$$

The times are changing and so

ALBANY s'runaurritsss

 

University President Louis T. Benezet met with a very small group
of students at his bi-weekly “Campus Forum" on Tuesday.

Benezet Clears Air

   

FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 6, 1970

‘ An Issue :
Peace Corps

by Bob Kanaiek

Lately, there has beena great
deal of opposition to the Peace
Corps. Spearheaded by the CRV
(Committee of Return Volun-
teers), the movement has been
calling for an international organi-
zation such as the Peace Corps.
The reason for this is to rid the
volunteers of the “American
image" that hinders them in their
efforts around the world. Accord-
ing to Mr. L. Lundberd, an ex‘,
volunteer in Micronesia, however.
the Peace Corps is
“people...human beings relating
with each other, not politics."

On Nov. 2-4, representatives
from the Peace Corps were at
SUNYA, in search of interested
and qualified students as prospcc~
tive members. Although pleased
by student interest and attend-
ance at the interviewa, movie and
panel discussion they presented,
there seemed to be a substantial
amount of student concern in
regard to the Corps‘ political tics.

The Peace Corps is “a way of
dealing with the world on a realis-

,' said Lundbcrg. “l

...polskowski

On Several Issues 

by Kenneth Deane

Various topics concerning stu-
dent and administrative affairs
Were discussed at Tuesday‘s Cam-
pus Forum, the President‘s bi-
weekly encountcr with students
and faculty.

President Benezet in opening the
meeting moved to settle any mis-
understanding concerning the pro-
jcclcd restaurant for the Indian
Quad 'l‘owcr. Contrary to previous
plans the restaurant will be avail-
able for both student and faculty
use. The restaurant will serve both
as a calcring and dining facility.

During the discussion a ques
tion arouse concerning the delin-
qucnt payment of parking violaA
lions by members of the faculty.
'I‘licse oulstanding fines amount
to $18,000, money which could
propcrly be employed in the con-
struction of a badly needed Colov
iiial Quad parking lot.

President Bcnczcl stated that
llt' i'i-cogniu-d the problem and
\rould (In all hc could to
pul)l|l‘l'/.t' Violations and invoke
sanctions against hose delinquent
in payniivnt.

Also discussed was the pos~
siliilil) of operating a birth cun-
Irol clinic on campus, 11 was

reported that as of the present no PL‘OPIL‘." he said. "it's 0m: small
such plans are in (he offing due (0 effort, but you have to start sonic
the controversial
proposul. But according (0 Dr, specialized graduatesin thaCnrps
Clifton Thornc, "No individual
should feel that assistance is not Peace LOWS. he Silld lhul lhc
available, " for (he campus infir. Corps Was at least a “Vehicle for a
mary will advise anyone wishing Person lo d0 sOmelhlﬁtl P‘lﬁilivu"
information on contraception and As for America, he said that. llll‘
in some cases dispense medica- Peace Corps is “one of thc INN
tion. things we've got going for iis.‘

nature of (he where." He expressed the nced for

In response to opposition lo thi-

 

 

from without

World News

The General Assembly of the United Naitons, by a vote of
5746, endorsed the Egyptian proposal that calls for a Illrl‘t‘
month extension of the cease-fire in the Mid‘East, and for
“unconditional resumption" of the Jarring peace talksi. Both
Israel and the United States have rebuked the proposal lit-causi- It
makes no mention of Egyptian cease-fire violations.

The United States government has declared that it will withdraw
and deactivate the remaining American troops who are guarding
the lH-milc stretch of the Korean dcmilitarixcd zone. This, in
effect, will leave the dcfcnse of the entire lhﬁ-niilc North-South
Korean border to the South Koreans.

'l‘hc United States is prcparcd to pri-ssurc lhc Sovicl Union into
releasing the two American generals and two lowcr ranking
officers who wore forced to land in the Soviet Union lit-cans:- nl
planc trouble. The United States, if necessary, Will makc ii pi'oli-sl
at Illl' slralcgic-iirins limitation talks in Helsinki, in order to tilllillll
lhc ol'ficcrs' I‘cleasc.

 

we at Walls arc changing our
name alld we want you to
money to

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

       
 

 

help it's worth

 

 

 

 

you just submit the best entry
for a new name for Wall‘s
Subs~and the money is yours

watch Tuesday's ASP for de-
tails.

$$$$$$$$$$$$$
$$$$$$$8$$$$$

MEETING
News

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

     
     
 
    

Tuesday

 

 

 

BAHAMA VACATION

Leaving Jan. 5, l97l
Returning .Iaii. I2, I971
$1.99 per person
INCLUDES:
‘Ruuniltrip scheduled flights
viii Pan American World
Airways from JFK airport
'7 nights accommodations iit
the Kings Court Apartment
'Eiich apartment equipped
with complete kitchenette
'All gratuities and taxes
‘Daily maid service
DEPOSIT OF $26
this will insure reservation
For more information:
Bob nurslein
45 7-60-17

 

 

November

17th

 

 

 

 

 

7:30

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Refreshments

 

Served

 

 

 

  

   

 

 

grcls l/ns crror and [lie niislnlrr

 

Correction

In lIic in'lii'lc I'Illilft'll “'I‘lic
Ilciil/i of [’ulroon ('rcclc,” by
llurry (lb/us. III [110 'l'ncsilu)’.
.\'ori'inlicr L’ ISSIII'. an error Il'tlS
Illl‘flltft'll

('iilii'i'riiili,i.,l HIl’ huclci'loliiglcul
fi'Sl.‘ lulu-u iil I’ulroou ('roclr,
Iln- [ml should fIIII’t‘ rcml. "l’ru
Iinnniiry Icsls by sliulcnls at
Hudson l'ullcy ('oninmnily (‘nl
lcgc flill'l’ Imlicnli-rl llic prcsi'uri'
o/ (I lini'li-rnil strain lIiul niuv
t‘lllM't' lyphoiil fi’l'l'l‘. " 'I‘hc pro
i'Ioiis linc In Ilic story should
Inn-c bccu umillcil.

'I'ln' .llliuny Sliulcnl I’I'css I't"

National News

government on a safety issue.

pri'luluui and confusion if only

flill’l‘ caused. dunu'uc'

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

INSTANT DATINGI

DIAL-Allure

Enjoy . . .
' Meeting New Friends
0 A New Social Life
I
I

State News

Trave
Unlimited Dates
Send New for FREE Information
To—

niAL-A-erI la: «in

income brac kets.

 

r*****¥*****t*t*t*#Mtttrtrkt HM

The federal government has ordered (lent-ml Motors to ult'l'l all
owners of its trucks that its wbci-Is hich a dangerous sal'cly defci'l
GM. however, denied the allegation, and has l‘ili-(l suit in order to
stop govcrnnicnt action. This is the first time that an autonioliilc
Inanul'acltu'cr has gone to the federal courts to fight llll'

According to the President‘s Commission on t'ampus Uiiri-sl.
niosl campus disturbiincns occur ill liirgc i-iisli-rn liberal arts
colleges which haVc hiin admission standards and an Ii () ’l‘t‘
program on campus. The main causes of campus unri-st cili-d wcrc
the War. lack of campus communicatIon, and thc l‘cilcrill
government's inability or unwillingness to solvc the domestic
problems in America. ()iin ii small percentage of campus incidents
H”). were termed serious. such as pcrsoual llijlll'y and pI'UlN'I‘U'

attractant-nutrasanesnnnn

um“ lml'lh'“I Willi-‘5 IHIVI.‘ agreed that ii risi- ni slate tuxcs Will In-
1 ilgcfﬁﬁlllty Ht’illvltlne next year. Two possible forms of taxation

a tit. legislature is considering are ii raise in the sales tax of nin-
cent, and an increase in the income tax for those in ihi- highcr

FRIDAY; NOVEMBER 6'. 1970

COLUMNS

Inside Construction

by Dennis Whitehead

Prior to this year, I am sure that if you asked
college men what type of summer employment
seemed most desirable, at least half of them would
have indicated something in construction. And why
not: the pay is good, you get in good shape, and
you gain some prestige among your peers. Over the
past year, however, the hard hat has become the
symbol of conservative America: waving the flag,
heating radicals, eating lunch with tricky Dick, and
crying like babies whenever Spiro proceeds to
polemicize the putrefaction of patriotic principles
by pestiferously perverse pupils. So when I chanced
to find a summer job with a masonry firm in
Suffolk County, I wondered just how the hard hats
would react to an “enemy” in their midst.

I was hired as a masonry laborer. This is a human
pack horse who carries around 75-pound cement
blocks (one in each hand), digs ditches, pushes
around 400-pound wheelbarrOWS of mortar, builds
scaffolds, etc. The laborer is considered secondary
to the bricklayer, a person who generally stands
around with other bricklayers complaining about
how lazy the laborers are, and who occasionally lays
a brick. All the rest of the work is done by the
laborers, each one of whom is supposed to take care
of three bricklayers. On any construction site, it is
easy to tell them apart: All the bricklayers are
white, and all thc laborers (with one or two
exceptions) are black.

The first few days of work involved an agonizing
proccss of discovering just how many muscles (all of
them aching) are contained in the human body. For
the first week I (lid Vcry littlc talking on the job
(mainly because 1 was panting), but as I got. uscd to
the routine, I was able to converse while Working.
'l‘he laborers' foreman, a gregarious black named
Lee, was the first to ask whether I was a college
student. My affirmative response did not pass
unnoticed:

“I'ley grecnie, show us some of that college
knowledge! Ha ha ha!" (Pant, pant.)

"You ought to be in good shape, kid, what with
all those protest marches and everything.“ (Gee, I
never thought of it. that way, I feel better already.)

"Just. keep your opinions to yourself, kid, and
we'll get along fine." (Oh goody.)

“Guess this is the first real work you've ever done,
ch kid?" (No, we used a very heavy bomb on the
administration building.)

“Well, youngblood, I'll bet. you can't wait to get
back to school," (Oh, I don‘t know-you meet so
many interesting people here.)

I was a celebrity.

A few of the bricklayers (who make $776 an
hour) hiid kids in college, and l was often asked for
the “inside story" on the spring strikes and on
student attitudes in gencral. During lunch one (lay a
bricklayer sat ncxl. to me and said that his daughter
at the Unchrsity of Rochester did not. like Spiro ’I‘.
Agnew, and Would I please explain why this was so.
“After iill, Iic spcaks up for America, so he must be
good." I told him that I didn't think that. he was

making this a Iii-tti-rnalioii to live in, inasmuch as he
was attempting to divide the country in order to
priiiitnlc llll‘ mori- priinilivc clements of the Repair
lican party. but I didn't got my point across. Our
ilcl'iiiilions of palriolisin differed too radically.

I’i-rlinps llic most surprising thing I lcarncd during
llll‘ sunlincr was that most of thc worltcrs (cspccia-
lly Illt' labori-rs) Wl'l‘l' illlll‘NlXtHl on many issui-s,
notably Illl’ t't‘lllltilily. Musl l‘cll that the war should
llt' (‘Illlt'tl fast, om- way or the other, with about
three foiii'lhsif lliiisc favoring a “bomb 'ciii to licll"
.iltitndi- Virlually no one nuagincd Nixon to bc a
friend of tho working man, and from what I could
gather lI sccnn-d that most lind voted against him
and would do so again givcn the righl opponent.
wliilvs (by llicir own admission) voted on pocket
limik issuvs, \Vlllll‘ the black paid attention to racial
issucs as well All the laborers spokc often of racial
matters and wuri- w: ll-rciid in this area. ’I'hcir nculc
dissatisfaction with the present administration

.lniiilil provc Io anyiinr that you cnn'l lurii off ii
man's disiasli- for bigotry Willi a big salary ($6.50
.in 1mm fur Illt' laborer»).

:\I no lnni~ diil | hcur any kiiiil of riiciiil slur from
llic liricliliiyi-rs, partially because oiic would not
want to have lliiil kind of rcniiirlt iivcrhenrd by a
group of llil‘ll resembling an army of bliick Bobby
lliills llul, more significantly, tlicrc was a latcnt

man for man I‘cspcct for thc l1|l)l)l‘l'l‘hl)t.‘CllllSL’ on any

 

 

 

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Albany State:

by John O’Grady,
Features Editor

I am moved to write this mainly
by my experience at the last
meeting of Central Council’s
Grievance Committee, day before
yesterday. I had the experience of
being a reporter at a meeting in
which 1 was the only participant;
the other person at the meeting
was the chairman of the commit-
tee, Dave Peck, and, oh yes, one
other lonely soul who wandered
in half an hour later (interrupting
our pleasant chat) to complain
about complications in the pre-
registration procedure. All present
speculated on whether the remain-
ing 8,000 undergraduates on cam-
pus might have similar complaints,
and on that constructive note the
meeting of the Grievance Commit-
tee was adjourned.

But that's only beginners. Since
aspiring to contribute my services
to this, the only campus news-
paper, I find I can better under-
stand most of the great move-
ments in this University Com-
munity, and I find that one of the
greatest of these movements be~
gins at the Ride Board in the
Campus Center and rumbles to
Long Island and back every week-
end. We're thinking of printing an
underground supplement, llarc
ASP, with which we lure people
back onto the campus with extre-
mist rhetoric.

I supposc my complaint. is some
what unjustified, as l was not.
around for the actions of last
Spring. llaving qtlil collcgc last
ycar to take a vacation from
intellectual pursuits (an idea I
would recommend lo many a dis-
illusioni-d student). my pcrspcct-
lvc on the Strike was that of an
outsider, The impression we out»

construction site their job is the most demanding
and, despite constant grumblings to thc contrary,
the bricklayers (or any other craftsmen) know it.
While riding into town one day on the noon beer
pickup, the bricklayer with me (who was extensive-
ly tattooed, spoke with a South Carolina accent,
and carried a pack of cigarettes rolled up under the
sleeve of his bright blue overtight muscliI shirt)
asked me if I was finding the job tougher than I had
expected, and I said yes. lie told me, "Y'know, I
used to hate niggcrs, all of 'em on welfare and livin'
off the whitcs. But. when I see how hard you guys
work, I'd be the first to speak up for 'eni. lsurc as
hell wouldn‘t want to work that hard,"

"Would you want. a black working as a bricklayer
next to you?"

l‘l guess so, if he was willin' to work."

“Would you want one to live next door to you?"

(I’ause.) “If he Worked like these guys, I guess I
wouldn‘t mind it too much. It depends on the
man."

So the question arises, why is the brickliiyi-rs‘
union lily-whitiI if, as others in it also told me, they
admire the hlacks‘.’ First, there is clearly a form of
discrimiiuition in thc unwritten rule that only
relatives or friends of men already in the union will
be accpclcd for membership. But the other two
reasons stem from the vicious economic cycle of
poverty which oppresses black people. There is a
hiin initiation fee (about $250) to join the union,
which is a lot of money for anyone to come up
with, let. iilunc someone who needs and wants a job
badly. 'l‘hen thcrc is a threc-nnd-a-Iuilf ycar appren-
lici-ship, which pays under $00 a work, There is no
apprcnticcship for a labori-r, and hence the prospect
of a $Lllllll-irwcck jtll) available right away liccoiiics
niorc attraclivc to an economically dcprcsscd person
than a job which initially pays lcss than half that.

Just before I was laid off in inid~Augusl (a Victim
of the economic slowdown), I asked lion, a Well-
liked laborer I had become good friends willi, why
he didn't quit his position and becomc a bricklayer.
Ilis reply lclls something of what it is like to be a
laborer: “You know, I hate heiiig a laborer, I always
have. I conic home at night, have ii beer, watch TV,
and go in bud. I'm too dumncd lircd lo do anything
else. But I‘m used to the big money now. I‘ve got a
big house, twu cars, a boiil, and I couldn't ask my
wife and kids to gIVi- it all up for tlii'ceiindai-hnll'
years and to hack to living thc way wv did, in a
crowded apartincnl, before I got this job. I've got
no i-ducalion, so what else could I possibly do to
earn this kind of mnncy'.’ Wlial could I possibly over
do?

He turned back to heaving bricks onto a scaffold. I
came hack to school. g .

trawluruva7'rr'r' ~ ~ A

Where Are

siders got was that a lot of shit
flew around last year, a lot of
guilty concrete and clay got
knocked out of business, and a lot
more visitors came to the beaches
and mountains. 0n the positive
side, from my better perspective
as a twenty—year-old, I got the
impression that many students
met with administrators for the
first time, talked with one another
more intelligently than they ever
had before, and also got a taste of
what a violent revolution might be
like in the future.

Violent or not, if there was so
much shit flying around last
spring, where did it all land? How
many more adminstrators are con-
fronted by real live students this
year, as opposed to two years
ago? How many more students are
involved in shaping college curri-
cula? How much support is Free
School getting? Who's working in
the ghetto downtown, or investi-
gating the racism and bureaucracy
at the South Mall Project? How
many students are complaining
about the food, the parking prob-
lem, the library, the construction
work, the pollution: but how
many are complaining to their
girlfriends?

To answer my questions: Presi~
dent Benezet's forum with the
students every other week attracts
a cotcrie of about a dozen regulars
and maybe one or two giipcrs-on;
there were two dozen people at a
forum on the future of thc library
held last chncsdiiy, including
thrcc faculty members and fch or
six reprcscntativos of the library
stuff; out of lfillll to 2000 under-
graduates in (he 'l‘cacher Educa-
tion Program, most of whom will
vchcincnlly pmlcst to the nearest.
pillar that ’l'cncher Education
courscs arc a lotal waste of time,
Llll‘l't' are now approximately five
undergraduate students involved
on any committee at all to change
the situation; a questionnaire on
the conditions of Indian Quad got
a 25% response last month from
the rcsidcnts of Indian Quad; and
a monster publicity campaign con—
sisling of newspaper covuragc,
WSUA advertisements, a talk in
the Campus Ccntcr, and leaflets in
every spot on the campus except
the toilul seats, brought two more
State students in to hpr Pete
Jones with his Day Care Center
for the kids on Pearl Street.

I am not arguing here for more
hantcring back and forth of
words, I am arguing for more
involvement. Newspapers and pro-
paganda sheets and leaflets taped
to whitLI pillars should be nothing
but the debris left. over from
people pushing each other around,
from confrontations on personal
issues rather than from mindless
slogan-slinging about. oppression
from Society-whoever the hell he
is. If lhc Strike is over, and even if
wu‘rc planning another one,
shouldn't we now be facing what
Wc’rc trying to change, namely
Ilic pcnplc who wicld the power

   
   

MIKE’S

Giant

SUBMARINE

FIHE‘V-llllldlllléllllgllllig C LIP T H IS COU P O N Ill EIll EI

Buy 2-Getl Free

with this coupon

either

offer expires Nov. 25th, 1970
GOOD AT ALL LOCATIONS
OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK
1' lllElllEllllEllllEllllECLlP in IS couronaaaﬂgﬂliéimi‘éﬂﬂs

    

. PAGE. 3.

You?

and whom we can contact perenn-
ally? If we can't win anymore
with "Peace Now!" and If we
can't (in New York State anyway)
have much success with our Sena-
tors and Congressmen, at least we
can start with our employers or
our department chairmen or the
manager of the bookstore or the
president of the university, all of
whom are available for personal
confrontation, and all of whom
might have changed course a long
time ago had they notbeensubject
to an endless barrage of words
designed only to bore them and a
bomb here and there to scare
them away.

"no

I began with a short note on the
Grievance Committee, and would
like to correct the impression I
might have given that there’s been
no response at all that this rather
basic tool of student participa-
tion. Grievance Committee has
held four meetings thus far, the
fourth of which I described above;
the first three attracted a gather-
ing of about seven students each,
and solved several complaints
ranging in importance from minor
to crucial. A student got his
money back for two tee-shirts
bought at the bookstore; the Arts
Council acquired a table in the
Campus Center; letters were sent
to other New York State Univer—
sitics asking specific information
on room and board rates and on
policies rclating to these services,
in order to discover possible in‘
cquilics at Albany State; and
other business too detailed to
mcntion. 'I‘hc GrievunCe
Committee is an important arm of
Central Council, whichshouldrcp-
resent the views of the student
body; four meetings for 8,000
bitchy students should not be
enouin in 1970.

You may take the preceding
cxhortation seriously, or you may
call it flag-waving, but in any case
I won‘t go further in the “need to
communicate" file, that bottom-
less yawning pit of committees,
slogans, marches, leaflets, and
other political machinations
which lure men into thinking that
there's nothing more to do be-
cause eVerything's been said. You
may also consider this column a
filler needed for the page because
no one else was making any news
on campus, and you‘d be very
close to right if you thought thiit,
and you‘d be ii long way toward
understanding my point.

Let us all ride off now to create
the world in our own image, but
let's supplement our political mo-
tivations with evnergy and
honesty. I close with the follow-
ing form The I’ogo Papers by Walt
Kelley: Resolve then, that on this
very ground, with small flags wav-
ing and tinin blasts on trumpets,
we shall meet the enemy, and not
only min be be ours. he may be
us."

 
 
    
 

llIl

     
         
   
 

NEDA

Roast Beef

SANDWICH

