    
      
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
 
     
 
     
     
     
      
       
    
     
    
   
    
 
    
      
      
    
   
 
      
      
    
    
     
    
      
      
    

 

  
    
      
      
    
    
 
   
   
   
   

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS .

EXPRESSWAY PROTEST

story and layout by anita thayer
photos by andy hochberg and my grosarnan

How do you stop a superhighway that scarcely
anyone wants and probably isn't needed when the
r " ' ' and the guve. ‘ ' ' , have
decided that the road will be built?

A number of area citizens groups are currently
confronted with this problem. Their object of
concern is the proposed Susquehanna Expressway
that is planned tolink the Binghamton-Appalachia
area with the Capital district.

This highway will have drastic repercussions on
the human environment of an area that already has
more than its share of superhighways. The proposed
routes all cross the Bozenkill Valley and will cause
irreparable damage to a beautifully unspoiled area.

The Susquehanna Expressway (also known as
Interstate 88) has been planned to repalcc Route 7
as a direct thoroughfare between Albany and
Binghamton. Most likely this road will eventually
connect with an Interstate highway system to
Maine. The state has plotted four possible corridors
from Schenectady to the Schoharie County line.
These routes were the subject of a lengthy public
hearing in May at which time over 1,000 area
residents voiced their disapproval of the proposed
routes. Many expressed total disapproval of the
superhighway mode of transportation.

Some urban areas, most notably Washington, DO,
have experienced extensive freeway revolts, but this
is one of the first sizable expressions of protest in a
semi'rural area.

The local citizens‘ groups have ben utilizing
various channels and levels of protest but with little
success to date. Petition drives, letters and personal
visits to government officials, appeals to elected
officials, picket lines, and intensive studies of
various aspects of the situations have produced little
tangible improvement in the situation; highway
plans are progressing without interference or review.

This proposed highway is not an isolated thing
which affected only a limited number of people in
its immediate path. It is a sympton of something
larger. The Albany area is in the grip of a frightening
highway mentality. So far we have just had a
taste-the ’l‘hruway, the Northway, the Washington
Avenue Extension, the Slingcrlands By-pass. This is
just the beginning. An incredibly strong highway is
strangling the transportationpolicies and resources
of this state andof the country. Transportation is
conceived of almost solely in terms of the needs of
automobiles and there is very little concern with the

 

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 23. 1970

 

V The Downhill Valley is a beautiful area of immaiiu ecological importance. The Valley, which is
only about 20 miles from the Albany urban area iiijclud'es among 1 '
gone with four spectacular waterfalls. The Naturg'Conservancy, a national conservation group, t8

attempting to keep the Valley forever wild.

The Susquehanna Expressway which is in the planning

 

with Binghamton is slated to cross the Bozenlzllll

his torical landmarks.

cross the Bozenkill creek, the fourth alternative wou .
Also near or in the path of various corridors is mi Christman Sanctuary, the Abbet Pulliam Nature
d Bear Swamp as well as many other

Preserve, Sheldon falls, Darby Hill Wildlife Pres rue, an

stages and will connect the Albany area

id have an effect on the Bozenkill drainage area.

 

FRIDAY, OCTGER 23, 1970

its natural phenomenon a stream

Three of the alternative routes directly

 

 

 

The New York State Department of Trans
portation encouraged by Governor Nelson Rocker
feller and the incumbent Republicans, and with the
loyal opposition of the Democratic Party is ready to
build roads, lots of roads. A few of the Coming
attractions one can find mapped out at the Regional
offices of the Department of Transportation arc [in-
Selkirk-Schenectady Corridor, the Scotia Bypass,
the Erie Boulevard-Maxon Road Corridor, tilt‘ iilil
terdam Arterial Corridor, the Route l/lb' Corridor,
the Schenectady Route 50 Corridor, and the Al
bany-Schencctady Expressway.

A committee of Albany State's Protect Your
Environment Club (PYE) is currently undertaking a
serious and intensive study of the whole situation,
They hope to amass the kindof information lhal
will be useful to citizen groups opposed to the
Expressway. This kind of information can be used
to either deal directly with the N.Y.S. Dcpartnwnl
of Transportation or as a basis for litigation. This
committee is intimately involved with area citizens~
groups from the affected area.

When people are confused about issues of public
policy, the time is ripe for political opporlunlsin
With the imminenco of elections, there has m-vcr
been a lack of statements concerning this highway
and the Bozenkill area from all levels of cantlitlalcs
One of the more popular schemes is a plan
advocated by Assemblywoman Mary Anne Krupsak
which calls for the moving of thc Inlersinic M

 

terminus from the Schenectady exit of the Thruway
to the Amsterdam exit where the highway is
supposedly wanted (at least according to the elected
officials of that area).

Governor Rockerfeller has publicly stated that the
Department of Transportation will not choose a
route tht would “adversely affect the Bozenkill
Valley.” However all of the routes that haVe been
submitted for a public hearing will affect the the
Bozenkill Valley-three directly and one indirectly.

It seems very likely that no public decision will be
announced until after the upcoming election, al-
though there are definite indications that a corridor
for the local segment of Interstate 88 has been
chosen.

The 130 mile long Susquehanna Expressway was
authorized by the N.Y.S. Legislature on the recom‘
mendation of a special Rockerfellcr Commission
which stated that priority hsould be given because
it would economically benefit the depressed “Apv
palachia" area. However, pressure for this road had
been exerted by certain pressure groups in the
Southern tier for a long time even before Appzr
alachia became an issue. Rocltcrl‘cller is publicly
committed to building an Albany-Bingahmlon
Road. This is the mosl likely explanation for the
complete insensitivity of the Department of 'l‘rnns-
portalion to the needs and problems of the people
directly affected by this proposed expressway.

   
    
   
     
           
        
         
     
  

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE?

 

 

 

 community groups tang

with cement monster

 

