  

 

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1970

 

PAGE 8 ALBANY STUDENT PRES

- THE ASP SPORTS

Danes End Bad Weekend With Loss To Marist

mistakes. First they didn't adjust
quickly enough to Marist’s

The Giants Own NY.

and found that instead of having The Vikings scored three times The" the Foot ft?" in- State

the required 46 seats, the vehicle in the second quarter to take a IKicked off and procedtrhd tsikhoh: bmzing tactics wh ich forced
The Great Dane Football Club could only hold 38. Fortunately, 20-0 lead into the locker room. Marist faurth down}. 8 AImmi; Kuppemein to throw more than
went south to Marist Saturday to those eight men were able to get Seeing the Danes come out for the went into Punt formh mm." a“: he wanted to and second. they
In BVBI‘Y 100d Viking team- The to the game' second ham however’ was like In“. imIBSEd Hooking I an didn ’t adjust the defense to cope
home club was ranked eighth in When the Danes arrived at seeing a new football team. Maris” Punter Bot Off“ Slﬁdyﬂl'd with a new offensive formation
the nation among club team Marist and went into the locker Charged up, they went out and boomer. The Danes tum ed can which CO “ch Ford regrembly said
before the game while being rated room, they were greeted by the took the momentum from Marist. the first Play thereafter it] '9 they shall” have anticipated.
second among ,clubs and junior Kings College soccer team who After trapping the home team home team wasted Ino Tight! "ti Consequently he fen that whﬂe

ll ‘ the state We“ employihﬂ 25 0f the 30 “at” their 5°“ liner State scored “corms on the my.“ p By. ems M 'st was a good football team
wMzgizmproved too tough for lockers. Trying not to put on when defensive end Butch is history, for. this PI‘OV8d ‘0 be an’g'thﬂt their defensive quicknes;
Albany to handle as they whipped soccer cleats instead of football McGuerty knocked down an the turninﬂ Paint, . d. was excellent he saw Albany
the 46-6 It was the end of a shoes, State managed to present attempted Pit-Ch out ﬂhd felionlt COM" Ford. Will“? come“ "18 mistakes both from a coaching
h Ivii“ t d s for the team is itself onthe field, despite a in the end zone fo;the that the team did notpiﬂy Wino“ d l'in vie oint as being
Etc {zonfu‘iili’on which began bn decided lack of mental edge. touchdown. This made the score the whole, was quick to admit 3: npzzngibuu‘g factors in the
Frisian; Ehrly in the day Coach Things went from bad to worse 20-6 and it seemed like the tide that the coaches made twa big T 0 g
Ford . learned that Istarting as quarterback Bill Flanagan was changing.

by Dave Fink

defensive tackle Bob Downey was
in the inﬁrmnry with an intestinal
virus. He also found out that
starters Dick Wesley (offensive

broke his hand 3‘ on the first play
from scrimmage. He was replaced
by freshman Gordie Kupperstein.

The first period was scoreless

WOMEN

bNLY

“vow/“’4: ‘ ‘ "

 

- en» in...

   

i no ce van with the Danes being helped by he Women's interconegiate team has some outstanding per- any interested girls should contact
hurrydzfitijﬁgﬁi; notybe able Marist em)“ Which “"1 ‘° many Sv'fim Team will berginltheir 5685?“ formers and should ’be hard to Miss Duthie (4674538). 1
to play after he had thought that COSHY Penalties for the Vikings“ on November 215i. With the third heat in dual companion. Return. on November 2nd (he women 8
they would be ready' The Albany Offense was unable to “mum Albany Invitationél SW"? inf! from 195‘ Ye” are “V0 sw'm‘ Intercollegiate Basketball Team

Saturday’s pregame meul added hold onto the ball, however, and Meet, The girls are beginning thelr mars, Suann Galloway, breast- Wm have n meeting for those
to the 00" WSW“ as It W“ 59"“, thus the defense was on the “91d third year 35 ﬂ VMSIW team “mi,” stroke, and Marni Gillurd, divrng, women interested in playing
15 minutes Iaie, Upon finishing, for more than its share of the n new couch. Miss Pamela Duthie. Wh0 hm spring participated in the basketball this year. The meeting
the team went to board the bus grime. Although few in number, the Women-s Inmrconeginw Nation“ will be at 7:00 pm. in the physh

SWim Meﬁ- The men‘bers Of this cal education building in room

I year’s team are Carol Davis, Pain (25.
  b  3-3 DeSCherv sum“ Galloway ('30' The team should have another
y ’ captain). Marni Gmm‘d. K3th fine season, with many of last
Graham. Sandy Hutton. JUdy year's performers returning. Last
by Bob Zaremba Inst. “Wed CO “Sister” Wilh the Puller" Johnson, Ambra Lcchich, Linda year's squad had a fine won-lost
Campbell put one through un- or things by bmaking the dead‘ Myers (co-captain), Leu Perline, record or 6 and 3 under the

 

 - " ' A I‘mk Once more “king 1‘ P“35 d M rre Prelewicz The this are c hinr of Miss Barbara Prilm
sl t ccer t hm assisted to open the scoring curly ' . a ' an n r, . l, oac  ' r
w'ill‘reo‘?:::ni:i “ntleczmegtofethe in the game, but Rl’l‘ tied things from Dememm‘ M'Chﬂel- UM?" looking forward to a good year who wnl again be the female
seasogn with n 24“ murk ‘Thu his" up in the second quarter. Fred L"I‘m-'3'th Rome-“Lt” was “'50.”? but are still short of personnel and Great Danes' couch.
game is against Union Chuck“, on tallicd a second time on an assist Lemsmd '“ pre‘servmg' the s‘formg
Thursday from Larry Herzug to give Album, pattern, and did so midway in the
In their most recent effort the “ 2‘1 mud to “'k“ in“) hulmme {0”th quartet   S
Dune booters battled RI’I‘ to a 3-3 and milk“ “"3 gummde “me be“ The win went 0“ berom.Freddy
tie this set Suturda Albany‘s: wr- could mime “Flim’ leuvmg the . , ., f. V h ‘ There will be ii captain‘s meeting
p y. I : 'l‘h~ I! d I rated ten minutnzint Lean“ w'th “ 3"; dCHdIDCk‘ The In the seasons "ht mm for AMIA wrestling tomorrow
Fl“Hwy Cﬂmpbe" P“""decl “'5 L w “‘ ('- u ~|i~v ' r ‘ d I re aim the Albany Sailing team ’ .‘
t - the second half before RIT knot- “on L” (’chm“ pen" on y g ' . November 4 at 4:00 p.m. In
team With all three of their scores, _ , 4 . I . d mi d out of SIX teams. The p
. ~ ~ ted things up again Campbell “dded m0“ [murmur] for the pnw r Room 125 of the Phys Ed. Build-
two In the “‘5'- h“” ““d one I" “I” ' Dunes, us repeated opportunities winner was Royal Military College ,n I '
bounced off the goulpoqu, of Kingston, Ontario, with the I h' I
The Danes play a tough SChcdulc low score of 22 points. RP] placed The” Will be u VUIICyhu“ Cﬁp'
which must not be overlookcd. second With 26 POIhlh'. IOHOWCd mm“ meetmg on Thurhduy‘ “7

    
 
 

. . II . II ' A
This IS The lecl'  pm“. of (he Lemm- lhey face by Albany, 110, Fordhrim, ll]. vcmber 5 zit 4:00 p.m. m PE 115‘
\didnt know he had COLIr09€.--Unh| (I’Onr'obnlm New Pull‘14- RI". "ml Ogi?";“'r.6‘"“'r‘d M‘Xiff'eg‘ w r There will be n basketball or-
Iritts urgli) are ranked among the P ’3 “‘ts 0" ""3f 0 " l'icmls Clinic on ’l‘uusdiiy, Novem-

courage WdS d“ I’IC’ hdd ICE}. mp in New York Shite. Next Glenn Friden, Drive Hemmmgwuy, Mr 3 “I, 7:30 pm. in the Gym.

and Hunk Mndirro. Chris Follows, 1

Mary Ellen Corwin, Vicki Felix. 'l‘Iicrc will he a captain ‘5 meeting

and “mold Avan crowed. for thc AMIA Frill Swim Mcirl. (ill
Next week will be Albuny‘s Monday, November i) at ll :00

second home regrittn, wliilc Chris I’Jn- I" PE ‘25-

Fcllows and Jon Snrgnlis travel to Entries am now being accepted

    
   

ycrir's slntc will be even more
formidable and leaves Coach Bill
Schicffelin shaking his head rind
pointing to ri need for more and
better recruiting.

'l‘lic Danes will be entering the

SUNY Cu "remncc he,“ scum“ the NliVlH Academy to compete in for Club 'l‘ug 1' War. 'l‘licsc
‘ I . . , .

and will be squaring off against monotpr Ch“mp'°““h'i)5~ mMChL’S WI“ I I‘hli’ml d‘II‘II‘I

Iirill'timcs of Ironic vnrsity

such lcums us Buffalo and Brock-

porl. both regarded as among the Basketball Officials Schedules

best in the nation. and Game Schedules will be iivnil-
Allh‘mls'h the” WI” he ‘3 rt" nblc on Wednesday, Nov. ll zit

turning letterincn, Couch 4:00 pm, in Room 134 or (he

Schicffclin feels that unless there Phys_ Ed. Building,

is n dramatic improvement in a

linskctbull grimirs,

Anew ers
'MOG UIILLIJUN

‘unplog mg ‘ropuN Aunurp '17,

""mb‘" “I “thlcmt‘i Albuny Slum ’l‘lie Elcvcn Mun Socccr 'l'onrnu- math quﬂ brad!“ d niiiw ‘uosmnq
will be hurting ugriin next fall on mum begins this week. Mr] ,Oz “mun “mum, .Gl
the soccer field.

Tonight—Election Night

logaqng unluo“ 'gl “nuow ping
'Ll (l-(J 3'I' IN! “'3 0-l '9l uml‘lfl
Mug ‘Lgm mounds arms-99m
o’lJIlnH uuop-pggr ilnirqnuig
Jﬂﬂoll'itfifil 40W Murmur
'i“ llllUlS mung 'pr qao|z (“g
'91 sddin .iiuw ‘7,( (lorolh uqop
of all major races in the ‘rfpniiuim ulU‘L ‘oiniuah- KJlidH

‘pooM A‘JuD ‘0)1lllrlu)qulle qoﬂ
‘iiumirg uunlo '11 dnassruD am]
'01 [)Jlllnllﬂﬂ mad ‘ualoilrnpuuA
no“ ‘umrlnN mg '5 mind rfqou
pun molsurM An”, ‘3 ll‘llllulIN
00?  DIPUJﬂ llIIUI' NJIIIIIM qt)“
‘ﬂllllrlr "VA '9 Hill "HIM ".I II'U
Il-lr pg; .)-7, .H 'y ntiiuos using '1;
.iiouimug 'NA shag]! L-(imgl ‘ddu)|
“"I' 'Z 'l9fil-09Iil '“lllld rrrw 'l
PROFESSIONAL TVPING SERVICE

complete-camprehensive coverage

-1

Metro Goldwyn Mayer presents
the John Irankenhermer-Edwurd Lewrs Produclron oi

the fixer
........Aldn Bates

CU‘SIJIIII!

Dirk Bogarde, Hugthrilﬁth, Elizabeth Hartman,
Ian Holm, David \X/drner, Carol \X/hrte 

State and the Capital District

WSUA
640

the ONLY station In the

     
 
 
   
 

Sr rnnplay by [Julian Ilumbﬂ, aim mu mm a, swarm..- .4 "Jam. I
Iiiuducrd u, l dwsrd ltwri,UrrtLItd or John lisriiurbermrr (unzi‘n‘thim. “ re a w ‘ l h re p 0 r [e r a [BM sclccyrquwpcwnmr
Mellow“)! a W” ' Experienced in all typcir of
. ' Doctoral Dissertations
i
TOWER EAST cmEMA in LC 7 l ii a II in “101‘ H and q ii u rtr r3 l ii Fm“. Dummmm“ Swmu

~ .I'innsoririblry Hours
Call 462-6288 Day or Evani

 

Fri.,Sal.,Novcmlicr‘oﬂI, V I y I‘ Y ylll715}0lllldl01fx)

r I r Albany & New York City.
tor information “"467-8683 -

 

     

    

 

 

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1970

AMIA

The AMIA Football All-Stan

LEAGUE I
First Team-Offense

QB Larry Meyers (STB)
RB Walt Breseda (APA)
Art Dixon (EEP)
Bob Onoffrey (STB)

Ends Lance Borofsky (APA)
Bob Zaremba (KB)

Terry Braman (ALC)

Guards Jeff Glassey (STB)
Curt Whitton (EEP)

Center Mark Simonetti (APA)
Artie Lavitt (STB)

Kicker Les Newmark (APA)
Second Team-O ffensc

QB Ron Feinstein (ALC)
RB Pat Cerra (KB)

Tom Lawrence (ALC)

Jay Handelmnn (STB)

Ends Mike Pavy (STB)
Rich Newmark (APA)

Tom Sears (STE)

Gunrds Warren Sabloff (STB)
Phil Abitable (KB)

Kicker Pat Mahoney (STB)

Punter Kurt Legler (KB)

First Team-Defense

Safety Joe Kavunaugh (STB)
Lance Borofsky (APA)

LB Larry Smith (S TB)

Kevin Sheean (EEP)
Jack Adams (EEP)

DT Bob Onofry (STB)
Jim Doyle (APA)
DE George Turo (EEP)

Paul Lenokr(STB)

Second Team-De fense
Snfetys Bobby Zuremba (KB)
Ken Symanski (APA)
LB Put Ccrru (KB)
Jim Healy (STB)
Lcs Newmark (APA)

DT Jim Schroeder (EEP)
Ml kc Mueller (APA)
DE Sill Riciardonnc (APA)
Jack Jecen (KB)

LEAGUE H

Offense

QB Tom Miller (’I‘XO)
l-IB Dwight Garland (TXO)
(iorkcy Thompson (BPS)
End Dnvc Licuta ('I‘XO)
Dunn Holler (Hiins)
i’nuI Rcmick (Hicks)
Kcn Kollioff (BPS)
Gurird Roy Bibby ('I‘XO)
Drive Rolincc (lndinn)
Center AI Mercer (Grupplcrs)

John Nobel (9th Floor)

Punter Eric Wciskottcn (Hicks)
Kicker AIL'X Aluda (9th Floor)
Dwight Garland (TXO)

Defense
Siifcty Greer Wrissun (H uns)
Marty Amerikiincr (Hicks)
LB Griry Armstrong (’I‘XO)
Juy Mursliull (Hicks)
Bob McDonncll (BPS)
Lou DcFrcbrczio (I'luns)
D'l‘ JOhn Nobel (9th Floor)
Roy Bibby (’l‘XOl
DE Bob Clayton (TXOI

Andy 'I‘rudcriu (lluns)
Don Striiikuvnge (Hicks)
LEAG UE II]
First Team-Offense
QB i’lnrold Mcndclsoliii (AL-cs)
RB Dnryl Wintcr (Alchemists)
End George Viin Ripcr (EEP)
James Mchnn (Aces)
Guiird Lnrry Thompson (EEP)
Charles Zrirulin (Aces)

Center Bill Reid (Aces)
First 'l‘ciiiii-Dcfcnsc

Siil'cty Gary Smith (Aces)
Lou Giordano (Circus)

LB Puul Sh iclds (EEP)
Jim Brinks (Sign)

DE Doug Bricon (S'I‘B)
Diivc Golden (EEP)

D’I‘ Curl Stephens (EEI’)

Second 'l‘crim-Offcnsc
I’rrink I’utorti (S’l‘li)

BB 'l‘oni Wrillucc (EEI’)

End Stcvc Bumsey (Circus)

Gunrd Bill Mrisse (STD)
Steve Fuchs (EEI’)

Canter Duvo DcSornciiu (Sign)

Second 'I‘ttllnl~Dl.'fclitiL‘

Safety Chuck Price (’I‘XO)

Juck Cline (Circus)

LB DAvc 'l‘omriju (Alchemists)
Biirry Sndoff (S'I‘B)

DE ’I‘om llumrin (Sign)
Al Alcon (EEP)

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS I

Albany Invitational

C.W. Post‘s Roii Stonitsch took ﬁrst place in the Albany Invitational for the third year in a row.

    

 

 

 

 

...goodman
Blow Y our M ' d
by Nick Faracles and Jay Marshall
I. Name llrc lrisl quarterback lo lend llic NFL in passing 2 years in II 101" Meyers a. Tulsa
row, Jcrr‘y Rhomc b. Maryland
3. WIIIII 0.8. holds llic record for the mosl TD passes in one game? Dun Tr'ulI c. Nebraska
3. Name lIrc only Qurirlcrhrick lliril played in the All Amcricn l)cnnis (‘Iriridgc (1. Baylor
Conference. Ilic NFL, llic All, the Canadian Football chrguc illld lIic DiCk Shiner c. Northwestern

('onlincnlril Football Lcngnc.
4. Mulch lIic qinirlcihucks Willi llic Iciims lhcy slurred wrllr in llic
AFL.

l’r'rink Tripuku one”
.Izick Kcmp Tim“
Ricliic Lucus BI'UIIL‘US
(icorgc lilziridu Bills
AI Do row ('Iini'gcrr
5. Who was lllt‘ only qurrlcrhuck who bricked up Norm Villl
Brocklin. Sonny .Inrgciiscri irrnl .IIIL‘k ('onciinnorr Illld (iiiry ('no/Jrr‘.’

(a. When lIlL‘ Sari Fruncisur ‘4‘)ch uscd :i shotgun offense in llic
I‘loll'x who Wch HlL‘ llir'cc qiirirlcrhacks'.’

7 . Nurnc llrc only qunrlcrluick to pass for riiorc lIi:irr4()()() yards in :i
season .

ll. Before Illi.‘ ()J. Simpson L‘lil, lwo Qst :IIIL‘rlllllL‘LI ilS slrirlcrs for
ll,S.(‘. Who \vcr‘c Hwy?

0. In the WM Rose Bowl (LI.S,(‘. vs. Wisconsin) there were 3 Q.ll.'s
who later pluycd iii the pros. Numc llicrn.

If), Nlllllt‘ lhc I'irsl qurirlcrhrick lo play for llic N.Y. Giants rind the
NY. films.

| I. In His lilSl LICCIILIL‘ name 5 so-cullcd ()st "of [he l’ulurc."

ll. Nnrnc llic only 0h. III the lam dL‘t‘IlLiL‘ lo Llcl‘czil Nolrc Dillllt‘ 3
yClII'S III il row.

I}. In I‘IhS who was IIIL‘ shining 0.8. for Nolrc Daimc'.’

I4. Who was Jirc Niiinullr's Iiilt‘kllp quzirlcr'hnck ril Alrrbzinui‘l

l 5. In the p and If) years there Iiiivc been 5 Q.B.‘s lIiur won the
llcismrin Trophy. Nillilt‘ lilt‘lll.

In. Mulch [be following collcgc quarlcrbricks wrlli the colleges llicy
plilycd \viIIi.

 

SKI TRIP TO AUSTRIA

January 1 -January 16
only $285.00
Includes:
*I‘Iiglil llfilll NY In Murnclr In NY
*IIus: Munich/Bud (iiixlcrri/Munich
*llorcr (double roonls)-srnglc.\ on rcqiicsl
*lirczikl'nsl Dziily
*l)uincr l'or Isl seven days
*I'r‘cc cnlrrincc Io (lirmhlrng ('aisuio
*I‘icc cnlrnncc lo Ilol Springs
*Skr pro lo ilSSlsl you
*All gratuities rind liixcs
Sponsored by Albany State Ski Club
For more iiifornuilion, conflict:
Rohcrl Iiurslcin
DB [07-2
Iridirin Qnrid
4575047

 

 

I7. Who was lIlL‘ only quzirlcrluick lo throw the longest TD. pass
(W yds) on lwo dil'l'crcnl Icarus?
IIK. WIiul NFL quarterback holds the record for (he most consccu -
[we pass rillcmpls without an interception?

It). Wliril qinir‘lcrhuck was purchased by ri $.30 telephone call?

1 . . n

_0. NdlllL IIIILL pro quairlcrliricks who played co llcgc football 2H
I’urdu c.

3 r ‘ ll r

-l. Nrrrnc llllLL quurlcrhaicks who bricked up Gary Bebun in his
three ycrirs ill UCLA.

 

 

Alternatives to Education

EVERETT REIMER
will direct llic continuing discussion ol'rillcrnnlivcs to obligatory
schooling. Among the leading crilics who will participate are:
George Brown
George Dennison
Edgar Friedenberg
Paul Goodman
John Holt
Ivan Illich
Christopher ancks
Herbert Kohl
Milton Kotler
Didier Piveteau
Augusto Salazar Bondy
Hanns-Albert Steger
lixich wcck throughout the lcrm, livercll Rcirncr will
convene lwo mcclings to review the key issues iri-
volvcd in (IC'SL‘llriUllllg society.
Iiucli invilcd guest will offer ri course on the subject
of his choosing. An aivcrugc ol' SEVEN courses on
education erI be available EACH MONTH.
TIIC sludcnl who wishes lo conslrucl u term of independent
study in (‘ucrririvricai can, in any month, combine courses
which zirnily'Lc schooling and education with others on Latin
America illld with the regular (‘IDOC program of

Intensive Instruction in Spoken Spanish

SUNY sludcrils cun oliloi'n further information on spending a
term in (.‘iu'rnuurica from either Dr. Frank Carrr'rio (472-2972)
or Eduardo Riucru (457-8214)
Erich moritii of Spanish instruction costs $1.35
Each seminar course costs $80
l-or ti cornpluln coming of CIDOC courses for the first part of 197]
For n Iron copy oI Itvurull Hulniur's program for the spring discussion—

Wrr'te to:

ClDOC—Sprlng 1971

APDO. 479, CUERNAVACA, MEXICO

 

D'l‘ Frank Ousparinl (A' ‘ "'“l

r. w r l' - r

  

 

 

