 

 

l

“ 

 :ty m,»

4.41.3.”4...

s

I’AGE ‘Idl

 

. ALBANY. Steam PRESS

 

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1970

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 8', 1970‘-

 
 

 

 

 

Albsny State' Science Fiction
Society meets 7:30 p.m. Thursday,

" Dec. 10in Hu 128. Election of offi-

cers. Rey Bredburn film.

000...... .

. a. j
The Folk Dance 'Club will, meet

Thurs. evening at 6;00p.lh.ln~ihe'

Gym Dance Studio. ‘ ' I .
IIDIIOIIII

The giant membership meeting of
the Albany State Drum 8i Bugle
Corps will be held TONIGHT,
Tues, Dec. 8 in CC 375. If you have
ever played or marched with a drum
corps or band or are just interested
in finding out more information, at-
tend this meeting.

.n........

Modern Dance Production Group
presents "Variations on Red, White
31 Blue" Wed., Dec. 9 at 7:30 p.m.
in the Dance Studio, PEC 3rd floor,
Free—Comet

nun...-

Coffee House Circuit presents

Hector and poet Pete Reiss, Fri..

 

 

graffiti

 

 

Cilet'IIl’

Dec. 11 and Sat, Dec 12. 9 p.m.-1'

. .,a,rrt. in the CC Cafeteria. Sponsored

by CC Governing Board.
OIOIICDIII
Undergraduate students are
needed to fill vacancies on the fo|~
lowing committees: Parking Appeals
Committee-2 students; Athletic Ad-
visory Board- 1 Sophomore and 2
Seniors; University Governance
Commission-2 students; Student Af-
fairs CounciI-2 students; Academic
Affairs Commission»4 students; Ap-
plications are available in CC 346,
Please return all applications to CC
346 by 5 pm. Fri., Dec. 14. A de-
scription of each of these coni-
rnittees is available in CC 346.
. . . . . . . . . .
Witchcraft: Medieval and Modern,
a discussion, will be presonted bv

Join
the Cassette
Revolution!

...study for exams with cassettes now!
You’ll never want to study any other way!

Each cassette is a lull one-hour recording of all the impor-
tant content material taught in college courses. based on the
most widely-used textbooks.

READY NOW:
Introductory Psychology
Educational Psychology
Abnormal Psychology
AVAILABLE SOON:
Airo~Amorican History
introductory Physrcs. l
introductory Economics
Introductory Philosophy
American Government
English Composition
Basic Statistics
Introductory Socrology
Introductory Anthropology
Social Psycho'ogy
Personal Adjustment and
Mental qu
Child Development

Available at your local bookstore.
CASSETTE PACKAGE‘: $6.95

'oncli package contains one hour

.In mill-no oi the contours :i
tiibtirinrrioliy oi the Slilnlldfll textbooks
Ior the course .1an .I YIOIJIIIL'U glossary
wnii iIl'IIllIIIOn'x Inr Seli»t05lrn9
COLLEGE CASSETTE OUTLINE SERIES

IIIII.     lit] Marl-ton Atomic Fit-w fnrl iooir

rend

 

 

 

such servmes.

 

)IItll‘ abortion is on operation.
you'll require all the

rest, i‘oiiifort oiiil i‘oiitpossion
ion (on get.

 

If you think you are pregnant, consult your doctor. Once your pregnancy
has been verified, you may wish to call us in New York, in complete
confidence We wrll ask you how long you've been pregnant. Then, we
will adVise you on everything you should know and may Wish to know
about a legal abortion in New York. New York State Law does not
require residency, Simply the consent oi patient and doctor. It is best
to avoid delay as early abortion is simpler. safer. and loss expensrve.
If you Wish assistance, including immediate registration into a fully
accredited hospital or Clinic, utilizing the services of a Board Certified
or Qualified Gynecologist, we can make the necessary arrangements in
less than 48 hours, 7 days a week. at the lowest available prices for

This is the only agency oi its kind, providing limousine sen/ice to
and from New York City Airports. hospital or clinic and our comfortable,
modern facilities in the Jackson Heights Medical Building. You may
enjoy refreshments, T.V. and music as you relax and await your return
flight. Complete ethical confidence is observed. New York State has
taken an important humanitarian step forward with the passage of Its
Abortion Law. We feel we must insure its full implementation.

CALL 212-7794800 212-779-4802
8 AM. to 9 PM. Weekdays
9-5 Saturday. Sunday

rue literature will be sent upon "quell

WIIMEN'S' Illil‘llillllll. .‘illllVliilZ, lNlZ.
Jackson Heights Medical Building
4014 ~ 72nd Street
Jackson Heights. NY. 11372

 

 

the Sociology Department on
Thursday, Dec. 10 at 2:00 in the CC
Ballroom. Guest speakers will be Dr.
Russell Hope Robbins of the
English Department and Dr.
Thomas 52352 of the'Upstate Medi-
cal Center In Syracuse. Dr. Robbins,
author of The Encyclopedia of
Witchcraft, will talk about the medi-
eval repression of witchcraft and Dr.
82852, its role in modern psychiatry.
....-.....

Colonial Quad Board is sponsoring
free buses to Colonie Shopping Cen-
ter for Christmas. The buses will
leave Colonial Quad at 2, 3, 4, 5, 6,
and 7 pm, on Saturday and will re-
turn at 2:45, 3:45, 4.45, 5:45, 6:45
and 7:45.

“nun.-

Geography Club meeting Wed.,
Dec. 9 at 7.30 p.ni. in SS 137,
Agenda Geography curriculum,
field trips.

.....-....

Dr. Richard Wilkie will speak at
the next Sailing Club meeting on
Tues, Dec 8 at 7'30 run, in the
Physics Loiintie.

scalpel-e!

Punch Bowl will be open for
School (II NiirsrrIg Ittctilty urtd stu-
(IL-ills, Thurs” Doc. i0, 3 305 30m
BA 3th.

“nu-n.

StiirIr-III'. \NIIII Ilerl! ltltjlhlﬁft‘fl for
filling (:IHII‘iUS {5326 CPE I5], I
ll) 4'.) 1) mid 6390 CPE 251, W l b
Itlf IIir: 3rd quarter who do not have
their lIWII skis .iiitl poles should call
MISS Critittrto .tt 7-4532 lietwnen 9

("id 12 on Dec 9, if), II.

Degree Applications for June,
I971 t|f£l(IllilIitili Will not be at:
ceritul tilter Fri , Feb. 5, iil7i Ap-

[lIiLiiIlltliS (Hid worksheets may be
tucked Iii) .II the rrlqistrtirs oilit‘e.
.i......
A ITENI'IUN' Students regis

llrflKl III (Irirnrriiiitity Servtce Critirsu,
tlrin'l Itirrjrrt iii rlIIIEfKI Iirto iii IIIII
Mandatory ()lllilllrllltlli SUSHIUH‘}
.Irllt ii), Pit, III 2] /li() [).ill_ in LC
7. | I). rrtrtiiirirtl

“UM so

  

ABXS

   

6/145 rot/mm  citrus-rims anaemia/1r Warrior

Did your family listen to you at Thankiyr'ring ?
Will they listen at Christmas ?
f/zey 2212']! you.er f/zerrz ABVSSJj/MAei-foff/re Srudenrprerr

EKOMPARTISM NATIONAL Whiifll} Nﬁéiilllta
,——/ The ?ress of the Crowd ‘—~

. HeIp 'ihc-m listen to reason. .
. Lei ‘lliem read what you think. I C
0 Have “them reel the. Press or- ilxo, Garment

cz’or Jcéodzx M92 ﬂWLsz-ﬂ?w ./ ”
SPECIAL INTIQDUCTOW OFFER,

ONE GIFT SUBSCRIPTION $7.50— ANOTHER FOR YOURSELF $250
'  $|0.00 Gives you an ear on your yeneraﬂan

~00 OI TEA/Q THIS OFF/1ND PUT/T/A/ VOUR POCKET I...

Box 945 SYRACUSE,NEW YORK 15
momma rs (Jo/0.0001250 PM we wear: oversee/p more 65')

 
  

the

AW 5W pee“
presents

an easy way to sell your textbooks

USED BOOK SALE

‘ Fill out the form below & return

 

it with 25¢ to the ASP office

Q

Used books will be printed by
course in the Jan. 22nd issue

     
 
     

 

of the ASP

   
  

‘ Only one book per coupon

More coupons available at the

Information Desk

Course . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Book Title . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Author . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Price . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

  
 

Pnone . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
enclose $.25 and return to the ASP office (CC 334)

 

    

I  “

»._..\_

  

My M Vac/ow \ﬂf’ve’ WA) .WL/

ﬁ‘DG/i/es your pare/21‘s a er/r‘on new oneS‘
T

MELBSPAPCRS ARC RUDDIDG THIS AD FOR THE.

,
285R??? Emit? SIKuBSCRmS Now I .‘

LDE. LUILL '5an A seccim. GIFT cmitS immcDIATew
upon Receipt- OF vooR suascnipriou.

The 393 National «
S 77m press of" Me Cfowo’ “MFR”
20

 

  

 

Send Gift Cord To: bend gentiiid subscriplmii iii: ‘ I
[in I, 1.1 p. r
NAME NAME cue AWE. ;_
5TREET .3T_“.E.§I.__, ,w_ _ , ___
.__._____..__-—
cn-y STATE ZIP CITY 593 ll” __

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
   
    
 
   
  
    

ADDITIONAL COUPON ELSEWHERE IN THIS ISSUE

 

II.A.: RESIDENT AlllillllllIIIISI
by Steve Villano
Resident Assistant

The Resident Assistant position at SUNYA should be abolished. It
is nothing more than the vestigial remains of the house mother of 100
years ago. It is a sweet idea whose time has come... and gone. The
very existence of the job is a threat to the personal development of
resident students in this University.

If one of the purposes of a University is to allow the individuals
who inhabit it to develop a sense of personal and community
responsibility, the RA position is an impediment. toward the
nehievament of that goal. Why must the responsibility of clearing out
a dorm during a ﬁre rest on the shoulders of only two residents of
that dorm? Are not the other 100 residents of that. living unit equally
responsible for making certain that they and their neighbors have
evacuated the building? Of course they are. But, the argument goes,
the RA's are paid to clear out. the building; they are trained to
respond to emergency situations. Yes, that is so, but that is iilso the
crux of the problem.

Why can't all of the residents of a dorm be trained in emergency
procedures at the beginning of each school year? If the University is
incapable of doing so titan it. should not. be in the housing business to
begin with. If resident students are incapable of learning such
procedures then they should not. be in the University.

The procedures for handling dormitory-type emergencies are not so
complex that. elaborate training sessions must be held. In more than
one instance, last year as an RA in Tappan Hall and this year as an
RA in Melville-Steinmetz, I have seen resident students properly
evacuate a building without the aid of an RA. Resident Assistants are
not in the buildings 24 hours per day. So what happens if a fire starts
during the time when one or both RA's are not present? Are the
students rendered immobile because there is no Resident Asistant to
tell them what to do? And what about when an RA sleeps through a
ringing ﬁre alarm (which happens quite frequently because of the
cheap and inefﬁcient ﬁre-bells which are installed in each hall)? Who
then clears out the building?

Mythical Rapport

There Is also a myth which exists about the wonderful rapport. that
RA's have with the inﬁrmary. It goes something like: " in the event
of physical mishaps it. is the RA, not. the student, who should call the
inﬁrmary." All of this is nonsense. The infirmary disregards the words
of RA’s as readily us it. dismisses the concerns of resident. students.
But perhaps the inﬁrmary should be praised and not criticized for of.
least putting things in proper perspective. What makes a call for help
from an RA any more important than one from a resident student? If
the reasoning behind the “RA-is-the-clearinghouse-for-the-inﬁrmttry-"
theory is that the RA can better judge the seriousness of on injury,
then it is insulting to students on two counts.

First, who and what says that the RA's are better judgES--Lhrec
lousy interviews? There are some students in Steinmetz Hall who him:
for more ﬁrst-aid training than I do. Secondly, whenever preliminary
judgements about the seriousness of injuries are involved, it is a
truism that the injured student is the one who suffers from faulty
judgment. I would rather err on the side of sending more chronic
complainers to the infirmary than misjudge ti serious injury, thereby
jeopardizing the health of that student. Hence, it can only be of
beneﬁt to students if every suspected illness is monitored to the
inﬁrmnry--it. is one way of preventing epidemics and the underestimat-
tion of on injury. The argument marsltiilled against. this position is
that the Inﬁrmary is sudly understaffed. So? Is IIIu! [I10 Fun/i ofilte
students? Must. our health be jeopardized because the University
chooses to squnnder $1500 on each RA rather than hiring more
doctors and nurses for the infirmury?

It. is u continuing puritde why the University considers resident
students to be responsible enough to have liquor in their rooms,
24-hour open house, no requirements, puss-foil griiding iind increased
independent study, but. yet so irresponsible iliiil they need to have on
RA around to let them into their room when they hiive stupidly
locked themselves out. In my judgment, the best why to tiltlkL‘ ii
person responsible is to give him some responsibility. People use
crutches becuuse crutches exist.

 
    
   
 
 
  
  
 
  
   
  
  
 
 
    
  
  
   

_ me... .7" 4..

his director even if he merely
suspects that an individual is using
drugs.

There is, in the outline of the
RA position, a conﬁdentiality gap
which states that the RA does not
have the option of witholding
conﬁdences from his director.
What that does, is preclude any
conﬁdential agreements that may
have been made between an RA
and a resident student. How then
can a resident student believe that
by telling something to an RA, a
person who is supposedly in a
better position to help him than
the average student, he will be
assured assistance with conﬁdent.-
iulity? The resident student can-
not. believe that-- it would be
foolish to do so. The Resident.
Assistant who follows the inflex-
ible job guidelines set down by
the Ofﬁce of Residences and also
tells a student to conﬁde in him is
stabbing the student in the back,
since he knows full-well that. the
“good RA“ (according to the job
description) does not. have the
option of keeping conﬁdences and
neither does his director.

Only by violating the "conf-
dence ruling" of the Ofﬁce of
Residences can it Resident Assist-
unt use his position to beneﬁt
resident students, Hence, the RA
must break his job contruct to
best serve the students in his hull.

The Necessity of RA‘s
Lust. winter, I submitted it

iii-page paper to the Office of
Residences questioning the neces-

 

Currently, there can be only one
valid reason to apply for an RA
job: finitnciul assistance. It is u
really soft rucket--room, board
and tuition and your own room
for pretending to be doing things.
Probably the most invulid retison

FIN “tucatoiett' oomrqun
NOW-1N At.ng

 

for being an RA is becuuse one
wants to help people. Why can't
people help people without it title
next to their name? Must one
become an RA before one devel— P

A

 

ops it sense of existential respon-
sibility? Ahu, my critics will soy.

the RA is in u better position to u.—
holp people-he has more contacts. 5
Nothing could be further from the T
truth. OP
Confidentiality Grip 5

 

The RA in u better position to
help people, In fuel, in reliition to
drugs the RA Iii in im iibsolutoly
untenable position. If l were u
resident student with It drug prob-
lent I would IlL‘tltJr conﬁde in my
RA. According to the (lit-titles of
tho Rexidunt Axxistiint's job, the
RA must file rumor reports with

PROFESSIONAL TYPING SERVICE
IBM Sclcclrie Typewriter
Experienced in all lypurt of
Doctoral Dissertations
First, Dermndublo Sorvttro
Rousonoblu limos

 

we make everth

 
  
   
    

 

 

wool molten

  

Tut Lmu Stout

IT? WASIIIuQToN Mrs.

“A LBRNY
awi 5ol\{;o womﬂ.

- one. block from «the Albany Lil,qu —-

 

Ourselves —- .
at to», to») prices

 

 

———'h“""; s— is _

House mothers needed?!

eity of RA'a on this campus and
pointing out how students were
being abused by the drug policy,
the room impaction policy and

the rulings on coeducational ‘

living which are being made by
people who are not affected by
the decision in the tiniest way. At.
that. time, 1 also submitted some
recommendations for altering the
RA position-a position which has
remained stagnant over the years
while the calibre of students ad-
mitted to this University has con-
tinued to rise. Some of my ques-
tions were verbally answered by
the new Director of Residences as
soon as he took ofﬁce in Septem-
ber. However, there have been no
substnntinl changes in the nature
of the petition.

The meniitl task of evening lock«
up is still done by RA‘s--n job
which the Burns guards could do,
since they do very little anyway.
The RA's do not have to be the
key distributors for their hnll--a
quad business manager should be
decentralized and given ofﬁces on
each of the qundenund they
should also be able to share the
professional help of the Counsel<
ing Service so that students with
emotional problems can gain im-
mediate assistance. The infirmitry
could, with the increased funds
guined once RA positions are

 

...potakowalu'

eliminated, establish Nursing Sta-
tions on each of the Quads in the
event of very serious and immedi-
ate emergencies.

The- Resident Assistant at
SUNYA is an unqualiﬁed and
ill-equipped anachroniem whose
very existence is stunting the
growth of personal and communal
responsibility among students in
his hall. I am tempted to ask all of
the RA‘s in the University to
resign in the best interests of the
students in reedsidence, but I fear
that. the only result would be that
the Ofﬁce of Residences would
ﬁll our vacated positions with
people who would be more obedi-
ent. to their masters.

We are living in a time when
things are reversed-Tour men are
given medals by former Vice-Presi-
dent. Richard Nixon for insanely
piloting a helicopter 23 miles west
of Hanoi and young men are being
imprisonedi daily because they
believe in peace. Until such time
as the University recognizes the
detrimental effect that the Resi—
dent. Assistant position has upon
the students in residence, I run
asking all of the current Univer—
sity RA's to practice selective civil
disobedience and to refuse to car-
ry out. any contractual obligations
that do not serve the best interests
of the students in residence.

 

 

Scented Candles 8. Wash Balls

notiﬁaber
ﬁrst»

 

Incense

Incense Burners
Candle Holders
Mobiles

Paper Lanterns
Mugs

Bar Accessories
Water Pipes
Bed Spreads
Brass Bells
Paper Flowers 81 Vases
Wind Chimes
Wicker

Pottery
Beaded Curtains
Posters

0 use Western Ave. (Next to
Tom Sawyer Motel)

0 Trey-achdy Hit. Lntnam (2
ml. Walt at Circle)

0 Downtown Albany at 32 No.
Pearl St.

 

 

 

C it 462-6233 Dny or Event

     

 
 

