 

 

 

 

    
    
         
    
     
    
     
       
    
     
      
   
      
   
   
    
     
 
     
    
     
     
     
      
     
     
       
     
     
     
       
    
      
      
    
        
     
     
    
     
     
      
      
    
     
      
    
      
    
 

  
   

ALBANY sTUDsNr’ PRESS

Editorial

Chance and the Draft

The accidents of birth are the accidents of death. One man, born
within minutes of the other, may die for the difference. If he was
premature or overdue or right on time, his life, his personality, the

scars on his face may be completely different.

The logic of the draft lottery is that men may ignore the
uncertainities of waiting, the rigors of boot camp, the ignominy of
a far-away imperialism. With their accidents of birth they may
escape by shedding their deferment. The logic has it: drop the
deferment now, wait it out until New Year‘s Eve in perfect
certainty that there will be no call, and begin 1971 and the rest of

life a free man.

Free? Is chance so determinant that it can decide between the
free and the slave? Chance brings freedom front danger, freedom
from the moral perversion of suppressing a poor people, a yellow
people who have wished us no harm. Chance means freedom to
live as one would, to conduct one‘s own business, to weave one‘s

own lucky way through life.

But chance cannot make a man free. Escape cannot make a man
free. Neither chance nor escape can untie the shackles of silent
participation in the destruction and holocaust wrought in one's
name. With freedom comes responsibility. Freedom is the decision
to use chance, to struggle against this unjust and terrible war.

What freedom docs chance bring when blacks and chicanos and
poor whites and unlucky whites are fighting the war one has so
fortunater escaped? What freedom docs chance bring when the
lucky ones deny their burden to correct injustice and struggle
against the insidious forms of tyranny. Would millions throughout

history have struggles and died for mere chance?

The issue is not whether to escape the draft. For those with
conscience it is obvious that if there is an escape it must be had.
The issue is whether to escape the silent involvement in the

destruction and desolation of a nation and a people.

   

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1970

Comment

Political Tendencies

Recent political happenings indicate a growing anti-student
mentality in New York State. It is becoming more apparent that
the Board of Trustees and University ofﬁcials are being placed
under growing pressure to “put the raps" on students.

The first indication of what was approaching came last year
when the New York State Temporary Contmission of Campus
Violence (The Henderson Commission) instructed all campuses to

file rules and regulations on campus disorder and to enforce those
. regulations with expulsions and suspensions.

This September Judge Koreman went beyond the issues of the
Stringer vs Gould ease to instruct the Board of Trustees to review
all student government budgets to insure they were within
“educational, cultural or recreational guidelines.“

State officials have reversed previous stands, as well. In 1968
Arthur Levitt issued a memorandum to all State University
Presidents recommending that they give all student gOVernmcnrs
complete autonomy over the expenditure of their budgets, the
revenues for which were, and still are, collected by mandatory
assessment. In 1970, on the same day as the Koreman decision, he
reversed that position. Not incidentally, the reversal came in the
midst of the statewide election campaigns.

The Henderson Commission took frrrther action last month
when it identified mandatory tax as a stimulant to campus unrest
and recommended a referendum on all State Campuses as a step
to its elimination. lfheld immediately, such a move would cripple
strident governments on many Slate campuses who have not
adequately prepared to the loss in revenue which would result
from going to voluntary assessment.

The election of James Buckley as Senator also may be seen lll
this light. Mr. Buckley focused much of his campaign rhetoric on
campus “extremists” and professors who “give them a hearing."

Ironically, tltc iilcreasing political pressure comes at a time when
political activism on the campus is on the decline. It is beginning
to seem, in fact as if we are entering a period comparable to that
of the Iatt fifties wherein most students confined themselves to
their inr“vidual pursuits and the most creative and most radical
“dropped out"--or dropped into bohemian cliches

This is most rrnforturiatc, for it means, in effect, that students
do not directly confront the repressiveness of the laws and
regulations directed against them. It means that whatever political
and cultural consciousness the strike infused has been lost. It
means that Ralph Nader may indeed be correct in estimating that

P so its gs it A    ttiir  

by he .I. Wolfmnn
Draft Counseling Service

Before you read this column, a few comments are
in order:

I. Read the entire column, and read it carefully.
Your draft status may depend upon it....II you have
any questions, contact a draft counselor.

2. Before you read the following more or less
"objective" explanation of the fairly complex Selec-
tive Service System, a few notes of a non-objective
nature must be made.

The following article explains how some lucky
men, by virtue of the accident of their date of birth,
and their good fortune to be college students‘nt the
right time, will be able to evade military service. At
the same time, thousands of men are being drafted
against their will to serve and fight, and possibly die
in a war which has been repudiated and exposed its
an anti-democratic, imperialist venture. Other thou-
sands of men are ﬁnding their lives disrupted by
either being forced to leave the country, go to jail,
or spend two years working in 1| job which the
Army forces them to maintain. Those men who are
aided by the following information‘those men who
are going to be able to avoid the draft completely-'-
mutrt not forget the basic inequalities and injustices
perpetrated by the Selective Service System.

Contrary to the boasts of many Administration
members, the lottery has in no way made the draft
more "equitable." To speak of greater equity in II
system which is, in basic concept, inequitable, is to
speak in meaningless terms. Enforced slave Iribor in
a cruel, anti-human organization does not exactly
correspond with the idealised view of America‘s
Armed Forces, but it iii more or less an accurate
picture of the way our nrttion meets its manpower
iieerlir for its want. And, an James Simon Kunen h’llIKI
in the Strawberry Statement, “If u country hint to
draft men to defend it, then there in nothing to
defend. If there Iii aomothing to defend, but draft In
still necutniury, then the nation's defense is not in
quastion."

 

student crusades have an ambivalent quality about them.

 

 

Many college students may be able to “beat.” the
draft this year-and permanently—if they act
promptly. As a result of new Selective Service
Regulations, (which do so knowingly) u loophole
has arisen for students with high lottery numbers.

It now appears probable that unless some unfor-
seen development occurs in the next 45 days, the
draft call for the entire 1970 Lottery year will not
go over number 195 anywhere in the nation. If that
holds, all men with numbers over 195 (drawn in the
first drawing, lust December) who are classified I-A
as of December 31, 1970, will be placed in a
"second priority group," which would mean that
their chances of ever being drafted are negligible.

The extra advantage for college students, resulting
from a new directive handed down by the Chief of
Selective Service this past October 26, allows
til-0.499."? to drop their US classifications and be
reclassiﬁed l-A with a minimum of delay. In this
way, students with lottery numbers of 196 or over
can now drop their deferments as lute its the first of
December, he reclassified l-A, and, if their number
is not reached by December 31, be moved to the
lower priority group: again, this menan chances of
induction will be quite low.

In addition, the existence of another strident
defermentithe I~S(c)—indicutes that the risk in-
volved in dropping this “S nan playing “Lottery
Bingo" Ill practically nonexistent.

’I‘he l-Stc) itr granted to it full time student (who
hurt lost his II-S somehow), who has never received

the I-Ste) before, rind who receives an induction
order. It usually Ill givou to students who require
one last year to complete their studies, but in any
eaten, it defers the student until the and of the
academic year. Any student at this University who
Iltlﬁ never rucoiverl the I-Stc) before, nan is taking at.
lurth 12 credit», Iii eligible for this deferment. It
aurvds tho sumo-purpose air the "-8, nnrl does not
preclude the student‘s regaining hlu 11-5 at rromu
later time. Thu I-Ste) is a mandatory classification
—thu Board is required by law to grant it to anyone

 

who meets the qualifications.

What this all means is, if you are lottery number
196, and you drop your deferment, rind, by some
unforseen circumstance that number is reached this
year (despite all protestations to the contrriry from
draft board officruls), you will be drafted. 110W-
EVER, if you meet the qualifications for the I-Str'l.
your induction will be canceled, and you will
reenter the lottery next year.

In other words, it appears that there is very little
to be lost by entering the 1970 lottery for lhosr‘
students with lottery numbers over 105.

So, if you drop your deferment—soon and have a
lottery number of 196 or higher, the chances appear
to be excellent that you will have completed your
one year of eligibility in the lottery on Decumbcr ill
of this year—and that your chances of ever being
called to military service are negligible.

If you wish to do this, you must take thcsc steps
immediately:

1. Write your honrd u letter BEFORE DECICM
BER 1, informing them that you wish to drop your
II-S, be reclassified l-A, and be part of the 1070
lottery pool. Include your selective service number
(if iivriilable) nan your birthdnte.

2. Send the letter registered mail, return I’N‘t‘llll
requested. It costs about 110 cents. and it is your
proof that the board received thr- letter (they but“ "
receipt which you then get. hack in the mail)

ll. Iterneber, it must be in writing, and it until I!“
before December First.

'I‘hose students who lirch nlreiitly ri-r'r-rvr-rl n I Sti'l
are advised to iipeuk to II Drnl't Counselor I)l'Itll|'
acting. And all students with any tun-siliilrh are
urged to contact the counselors either at the l’mcc
Center, 400-8207, or hero on thunpus iii the llr-Ill
Counseling Center, (lrd floor, Campus (fr-nri-r
407-4000. Counselors will be available It‘rrrlrry ul'lt'l
noon from 1-11, Monday front Hi, Tuesday from 10
thm. till it or so, and 'I‘uesrluy night from H to 10 at
the Counseling Center (00040).

 

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 20: 1970

    

ALBAuv s'runsu'r mess

 

isroel

To the Editor:

I thought your article on
"Israel's Right To Live" an apt
description of the situation in the
Mideast. The only thing I felt
over-emphasized is the affect of
the Orthodox Party on govern-
ment policies. Despite loud up-
position the Orthodox did not
succeed in preventing the initia-
tion of television broadcasts on
Friday nights, the Jewish Sabbath.
It is true that buses don‘t run
Friday night till Saturday evening
but I'm sure this will be corrected
in time. As they say in Israel
there’s a war on. Still, the govern-
ment is for the most part secular.
It’s taking Italy a long time to
allow a simple divorce. Israel is
.twenty-one years old and there
still remain a lot of die-hard reli-
gious.

Glenn Garett

‘49 “"155 Eg.‘y‘d;gtll

To the Editor:

This letter is written regarding
the circumstances surrounding
"The Grateful Dead" ('t) concert
held Sunday night, November 15,
at the Washington Avenue Ar-
mory.

First of all, due to circumstances
beyond anyone 'it control, the weir-
ther was lousy. Many people, if
not all, waited outside in the ruin

 

for tit least one hour, hoping to
get good Seats to see The Grateful

 

Dead. The crowd was well be-
haved while standing out in the
cold and rain. On entering the
building, the ushers immediately
took the entire ticket. We found it
odd that they did not give us our
ticket stubs. We therefore, had no
way to prove that we had paid
$5.00 to enter, if the occasion
should arise that we should have
to do so. (Incidentally, the occa-
sion did arise).

Secondly, we were subjected to
listen to a group that was not
scheduled to appear—"Euclid."
We feel that althouin they added
nothing to the concert, they did
take away time from the three
groups that we had paid to hear.

cammuni-

Cations

 

Also, there was a 15 minute wait
before Pacific Gas and Electric
performed. At the end of their
performance, it was announced
that the building had to be evacu-
ated due to 1| bomb scare. The
crowd of approximately 5,000
handled itself exueedingly well in
a situation such as this. They left
the Armory quickly and quietly
and spent another hour in the rain
rind cold. Because ticket stubs
were not given, the concert be-
came it free one. At the end of the
hour, the cold and wet people
re-cntercd the concert. hall, hoping
to finally hear the groups they
had waited so long to hear.

Buddy Miles performed well and
had the still spirited audience on
its feet. Yet, the management
deceived us by not saying that the
Dead would not appear. As if the
entire situation was not bad
enough, the group that we had
paid to see did not perform”

We cannot even begin to express
our great disappointment in the
Dead! Supposedly, they were one
of the few groups which rose out
of the mid 1960‘s to stay under-
ground. Well, they have finally
risen aboveground to become part
of the capitalistic machine! We
still find it hard to accept the fact
that they would disappoint 5,000
people. We have lost all of our
respect for them as musicians and
as human beings. ,

However, we have nothing but
praise for the audience. Not only
were they Well organized during
the bomb scare. situation, but
stayed calm upon learning that
the Dead would not appear. After
all they had gone through, the
people could have acted violently,
and yet accepted the situation
with disappointment, rather than
anger.

We are not blaming anyone for
the weather. Nor are we blaming
anyone for the bomb scare, ex-
cept the person responsible for it.
Yet, we are blaming the manage-
ment and especially the Dead for
their non-appearance. As for the
kids: after being exploited for
$5.00, waiting in the ruin through
numerous delays, and finally be-
ing cheated out of hearing the
Deird....thcy were great!!!

Sincerely,
Deborah Auslander
Edyce Menewitch

 

'OH. COME NOWI WE'RE MIDDLE-CLASS. AFFLUENT. WITH EIGHT KIDS—OF COURSE WE CAN

       

AFFORD FOODI

’ wittiill‘niil'lf tit-V"

 

 
 

   
  

PAGE 7

LAAC Reasserts Itself

by Joe Karse' r
Chairman, LAAC

A once-famous organization has
risen again. Twenty-four students
have recently been elected to
form a new edition of the Living
Area Affairs Commission.” was a
great time for irrelevant campaign
propaganda and ego-tripping. Now
these people are rolling up their
sleeves and tackling some pressing
University problems that everyone
bitches about but no one finds
themselves charged to do some-
thing about.

The new commission is ambi-
tious and. is trying to meet the
challenge head-on on many fronts.
They have created ten committees
to get into the most important
issues now. In doing so, they hava
spread themselves extremely thin,
most members sitting on two or
more committees. What they need
is interested people to help, peo-
ple with time, with ideas, and
with minds to bash out changes.

One committee is concerned
with security. It's pretty self-
explunatory. They're trying to
work with Central Council's advi-
sory group to campus security, for
one thing. When do law-breakers
go downtown and when can stu-
dent judiciuries deal with them? is
the lock-box system working or
should it be replaced? What can
we do about thefts in the dorms?
It‘s ii broader area than I can
outline here.

Food Service needs to be over-
hauled. The food reeks—it's sim-
ple. We need people to investi-
gate it in depth, negotiate with
those responsible, and come up
with viable demands. Can we offer
the option of no food plan at all
to residents?

Residence I is getting its nose int
contracts. No pets in the dorms—
why? (For a starter, our housing
contracts say so). It's a bad policy
on refrigerators. There are many
complaints about linen service,
dry cleaning, and the vending
machines. We should re-negotintu
the housing contract before it's
set for next year.

Residence II is a real “think”
committee. Something called a
“residence college" has been pro-
posed, bringing eourses and pro-
fessors on to the residence areas.
Is it time to extend co-ed living,
bringing it uptown and out of a
few experimental dorms and make
it maybe a little more during? The
committee really needs creative
minds. for this area has unlimited
scope

Another area LAAC is trying to
get into is the role and selection
of directors and resident Ill-t-
anta, for short RSDRA. The RA's
are tired of being watchdogs and
want to be freed for resident
counseling, as do the directors. Do
we even need the residence staff
at all? Students have been allowed
to help hire and fire faculty mem-
bers. They have even been on
search committees for the new
director of security and for two
new vice-presidents. Shouldn't
they have a say in the hiring of
directors and RA's too? The direc-
tors so far seem reluctant to let

us.

Quite idealistically, LAAC
created a committee 'to study
black-white relations in the resi-
dences. Conﬂicts between minor-
ity group students and the larger
resident population arise period-
ically. Some say that it all boils
down to racism, is ntional problem
brought in from the outside that
is insoluble; there is nothing we
can do. It's really discouraging. If
the best minds in New York State
can't talk about it and understand
each other's life styles, who the
hell can?

LAAC still has a few openings
on the commission itself. The
following seats can be applied for:

State Quad—1

Alumni—1

Commuters—4

Also, there are openings for an
interested faculty member and an
RA as regular members.

Applications are in the Student
Association ofﬁce, Campus Center
346. We particularly invite “third
world" people to apply.

All the committees really need
interested people. If you are mo-
tivated and want to help create
solutions to thorny little prob-
lems, you can contact the follow-
ing committee chairmen, the
sooner the better:

SECURITY—Festus Joyce;
457-7952

FOOD SERVICE—Rich Aiken;
457-7949

RESIDENCE I—Leo Silvestrini;
457-8758

RESIDENCE II-tlny Hashmal',
457-4048

DRUG POLICY—Paul J. Gold-
stein; 457-4500

ALCOHOL, VISITATIOIYS—
Gary Count; 457-8513

RSDRA—Chuck Foti;
457-8810 PARKING, COMMU-
TERS—Bowaartz; 482-2514

INDIAN QUAD RELIEF—Phil
Chansky; 457-5077

BLACK-WHITE RELATIONS—
Carlo Murano; 457-7803

 

assistant ad manager
barbara coopcrman
technical editor
. . . . .torn clingan
associate technical editors
.sire seligson
. . . danwilliums
circulation manager
. . . . . . srie faulkner
graffiti/classified
. . . . .dorothy phillip

albany student press

neill e. shimahan
editor-in-chief

managing editor

, _ 'nmlynn “bug-e executive editor
ibusiness manager - . . carol hughes

. . . . .chuck ribnk Hews editors
advertising manager . bob Warner

.jeff rodgers .vlcki zeldin

features editor
. . . . . john o'grady
arts editor
. . . . linda waters
sports editor
. . . .dave fink
graphics
. jonguttman
. . . . . .tomrliodes
photography editor
. . jay rosenberg

El Albany Student Press utn locado an culrto nrimero 326 dol Campus
Comer de la Universidad dol Estado do Nuova York on McKownvllle. Sn
empazt‘f cl ASP an 1916, v at pariddlco astn hankrolled por Tax Estudltfntico.
Nuastros tol‘tonos Ion 457-2190 y 2194.

Communleael6nos eltan Ilmltadm a menos de 300 palabru, v altar! Iuletor
a odltorlallzando. Lou Editorialos can 101 victor dll Editor-In-cho. El
contunto dot ASP n Copyrlght 1970 per 01 Albany Student Pubs. Mil
apologfn a utudlamos dol castollano qulonu hogan II and! do leer out.
also.

 

 

 

   
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
 
  
  
    
   
   
   
   
    
   
  
  
  
  
   
    
      

 

 

