   

 

 

 

Gay , V
Attempt

by Kathy Kelley

 

“...Freedom Now!” is among
the demands in the recently-issued
Manifesto of the Gay Liberation
Front of the Tri-Cities. The Mani-
festo further asserts that
"...homosexuality is as healthy
and const;uctive a force on
personal a'hd social levels as
heterosexuality.” To promote
these ideas within both the homo-

of the Criminal Justice depart-l
ment at SUNYA.

Besides nie‘etings, GLF has sociaf
activities, such as dances for its
members. Also, the group is act-
ing to promote the legal rights and
fair ‘ ‘ of '- '
Members of Gay Lib have con-
tacted political candidates, re-
questing that they make known
their positions on the legal prob-
lems that confront homosexuals,
i.e. equality for homosexuals and

unto.

 

sexual and ‘ m-l

ties, the Gay Liberation Front
(GLF) in the Albany area has
been meeting for over three
months.

Tri-Cities Gay Lib was formed as
a result of a meeting held here on
July 23 by the Right On Training
Center at which members of the
New York City‘GLF spoke. Meet-
ings are now held every Thursday
night at 8:30 in the Unitarian
Church,406 Washington Avenue in
Albany. Speaker at the October
10 meeting was Professor Laud
Humphreys, author of “Tearoom
Trade," a study of homosexual
activity in public restrooms,
which won the C. Wright Mills
Award for sociological research.
Professor Humphreys is a member

anti“ YIIﬂI laws. Their re-
sponses, according to “Right On,"
a pamphlet put out by
Mattachine, were: favorable state-
mentsby Goodell, Ottinger, and
Goldberg; no response from
Rockefeller or from Buckley. Poli-
tical action by the Tri-Cities GLF
is rather limited because of the
variety of opinions held by its
members, from far right to radical
left.

On an individual level, Gay Lib
encourages its members to tell
their employers that they are
homosexuals so that this fact
can’t be used to threaten them
with loss of their jobs or black-
mail. For some, such as women
with children, this is not possible,
because their children could be

From long to longest

 

No matter how long or how
short your eyelashes are, they
/ can only improve with Maybellinc

ALBANY STUDENT PRESSI

Liberation Front: An
at Understanding

taken away from them.

Planned for the future is a talk
by the Reverend Troy Perry, of
the Metropolitan Community
Church of Los Angeles. One of
the few churches that welcomes
ii- uals, it has a regular Sun-
day attendance of 2,500. Rever-
end Perry will speak on Thursday,
November 12 at 8:00 in Page Hall.

For further information about
Gay Liberation Front of the Tri-
Cities, call 462-6138.

 

 

The DAY CARE CENTER
will be opening December I.
There is still room for more
children (ages 6 months to 6
years). Applications are
available at the Campus Center
information desk.

 

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1970

 

 

 

from without

World News
American officials are hopeful that the three U.S. Army officers

who violated Soviet "airspace" would be released soon from the
Soviet Union. All were reported in good condition. Soviet
authorities sent Washington a quick note protesting the border
violation, but US. officials were quick to dismiss the protest as
propaganda.

Britain’s Conservative Party, in keeping with its traditional
laissez- faire' policy, has cut taxes, subsidies, and government
spending in general. Heath’s economic policy is widely regarded as
a sharp departure form the Labor Party ’5 socialist policies.

rarer-run“

National News

The Labor Department has reported that “substantial " unem-
ployment, which indicates a 6% unemployment level. has spread
to five major cities including Los Angeles. The rise in unemploy-
ment is seen as a late election boon for the Democrats.

President Nixon flew to Florida Tuesday night to shore up
sagging support for the Republican Senatorial candidate, Repre-
sentative William C. Cramer. The Florida trip is the beginning or
Nixon’s final push to gain control of the Senate.

ennui-unsure

State News

Roger C.B. Morton, the Republican National Chairman, at-
tached Mayor Lindsay for his sharp criticism of President Nixon.
Morton said that Lindsay has broken all ties with the Republican
Party.Lindsay had charged, earlier in the week, that Nixon “has
spread a cloud of suspicion and mistrust over our whole nation,"
during this year's campaign.

Arthur Goldberg has tagged Governor Rockerfcller as a “fellow
traveler" of Nixon and Agnew, because of what the former Justice
calls Rockerfeller's “reactionary leadership.“ Goldberg also scored
Rockerfeller for silently rejecting his running-mate, Clliirlcs
Goodell, in favor of Jim Buckley, the Conservative standard
bearer.

Senator Goodell said that he was bitter about Rockerl’eIlei-‘s
tacit support of the Conservative Senatorial nominee, BUCklcy.
The Goodell camp complained that the Governor is running with
both the Republican and Conservative nominees. . ,.

Richard Ottinger hus lambasted Jim Buckley for what he called
an "unconscionable" statement charging that the Democrat was
linked with the Black Panthers and the Ku Klux Klan, among
other extremist groups. Ottinger called Buckley a "coward" rind
termed the iittaCk an act of political desperation, comparable lo
the tactics of Wallace and Agnew,

 

 

 

albany student press

managing editor

. . . . . . . . . . . .aralyun abare
business manager

. . . . . . . . . . . ..chuck ribak - - - - - - ~ ‘ - - - - -h0h Wilmer
advertising manager ~ ' ~ ' ' - - ~ i ~ i ' - ViCki Leldi”

. . . . . . . . . . . . .jeff rodgers “"0" “1””

. . . . . . . . . . . . .liiidii waters
iporls editor

. . . . . . . . . . . , . . (lave link
features editor

. . . . . . . . . . . . john o‘griidy
city cdilor

. . . . . . . . . . . elinorc howcs
graphics editor

, . . . . . . , . .. jon gullinziii

editorin-cliie/
. . . . . . . . . . . neill slianaliiiii
news cdilrirs

lechnir'u! editor

. . , . . . . . . . . . .tom clingan
associate technical editors

. . . . . . . . . . . . .sue seligson

. . . . . . . . . . . . diiii Williams
production manager

. . . . . . . . . . . gloria liollister
i'irciilulioii manager

. . . . . . . . . . . . sue faulkner
(,xwumw Edi-[m ulioiiigi‘upliy l'IIfIUI'

, . . . . . . . . . . . carol hughes ‘ ‘ ' ' ' ' ' ' ~ - ~ zl‘W rmwhcrg

The AlbnnyIStudant Press is located in room 326 of the Campus Center ill
the State University of New York at Albany. The ASP was founded naiir
Fraternity Rock in Darkest Dippikill back during World War 1, Tho ASP is
Iunded by Mandatory Tea Tax, iind our phones are 457-2190 rind 2194.

Communications are limited to 300 words and are subject to editing.
Editorial policy is determined by the Editor-ineciiial. Contents are copyright

 

1970 by the Albany Student Press.

 

 

Ultra Lash Mascara. Because Ultra
Lash lengthens and thickens each
lash with every stroke. It works
with a special formula hidden deep
inside the brush that comes out
only when it strokes your lash.

Ultra Lash darkens and

curls lashes. Separates them, too.
No matting. No messy fibers.

So why settle for long when you
can have IOng, longer. . .longcst
lashes with Ultra Lash Mascara
from Maybellinc.

  

malts-tip, yet sensibly priced.

The finest In eye

 

 

illiilli’lliill lliiiiiiiiiiiiiii, Iil'l‘lllillil’l‘lili
iliii lilll‘lllilllt Sunnis

Abortions up to 34 Weeks of prcgniincy iirc
now Icgail in New York State. Thcrc lll't' no
rcsidcncy restrictions iii cooperating liospitiils
illltI clinics. Only the consent of the piiliciil
illltl the performing physician is required.

It you think you are pregnant, consult your
doctor. Don‘t delay. liiirly iihorlions iirc
simpler illltl safer.

ll you need information or professional iissixl—
iincc. including iinincdiiitc registration IIIIU
iivuiliihic hospitals and clinics. lclcplionc

'l‘iii illlllli'lliill Illl‘illill/l’llilll illillillll, Iii.

|o0 WIiS'l' Ktilh S'I'thli'l
NI'IW YORK, N, Y. l0024

2| 2 - 873 - 6650
ii AM. To l0 I’.M.

 

 

 

 

HI"Vl-.N DAYS A‘Wl-ZI'ZK
l i

 

 

 

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 30,1970

  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
      

Nell Brown, recently appointed Dean of Student Ufe, no... on his
old home ground, behind the Campus Center.

---potskawski

“Urban Fellowships”

Offered for

All students who have com-
pleted their junior year and all
graduate students are eligible to
apply for the New York City
Urban Fellowship Program.
Twenty exceptional young men
and women will be chosen to
serve full-time internships as "Ur-
ban Fellows" for the academic
year commencing in September,
1971. Fellows work directly with
heads of New York City govern-
ment agencies and with top may-
oral assistants. Their specific
assignments are designed to insure
challenge and stimulation; follows
are treated as professional staff
members with significant respon-
sibilities in administrative problem
solving, research, policy planning,
and related management areas.
The program includes off-
the'record seminars for all fellows
with top city officials and with

Vacation Housing Schedule Set

All residence facilities, except
one, will be closed for Thanks-
giving recess, Wednesday, Novem-
her 25, iii. 7:00 pm. through
Sunday, November 29, at noon,
With this one exception, all other
residence balls on campus will be
locked and the lok-boxes rc- -
moved. No students will be per-
mitted to stay in these halls.

Special arrangements are being
made to accommodate students
piirlicipiiling in University-related
programs over this recess. ’I‘hcse
exceptions to normal policy are
being considered by the Director
of Residences and include pro-

      
     
   

H ow Mow
OTTINGER,
Jinx?

NEED HELP?

Upstate Abortion Referral
Service

His) 7777-

 

NYC Work

local and national leaders in urban
affairs and other relevant fields of
interest. Stipends in the amount
of $4,000 will be granted by the
city, plus round-trip travel ex-
penses from the fellow's home.
Students from all academic disci-
plines are eligible.

Graduate students will receive
academic credit at SUNYA if, and
only if, an internship or field ex-
perience is part of the student's
graduate degree program. Stu-
dents in those graduate programs
which require internship and field
experience are encouraged to ap-
ply, and will be granted a waiver
of tuition if selected.

Interested undergraduate stu-
dents should come to the Office
of Undergraduate Studies in AD
218. Graduate students should see
Dr. Volkwein in the Office of
Graduate Studies in AD 214.

grams such as athletic teams,
international students, student
teachers, food service employees,
etc.

Other students who have special,
although individual, problems
which require their remaining in
Albany for the Thanksgiving rc-
ccss may request to lch in resiv
deuce by seeing their present Resi-
dence I'lull Director. These indiA
viduul requests must be made by
November ‘I, 1970. The Residence
Hall Directors will determine the
legitimacy of each request.

The Office of Residences will be
consolidating llII students in
Siiylcs Hall for the Thanksgiving
recess, They will be assigned to
unoccupied rooms in that build-
ing, however. Those students who
receive approval for 'l‘hiinksgiving
recess housing will be required to
comply with the following pro-
ccdurcs:

 

[ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

New Dean of

by Joanne Rinaldi
An ASP Feature

Neil Brown doesn’t just voice concern about
itudents, he acts on it. As the recently appointed
Dean of Student LIfe, a newly created position,

,Neil's objective is “to help students with their

concerns." Discussing the recent complaints made
by Pierce Hall residents, Neil says he finds himself
an “adversary both ways." He commented, "I see
my job as one in which I take student concerns, and
then acting as a University administrator, try to
Implement fast action.... It’s a frustrating but
necessary role."

Neil is no stranger to the University. He began
here as an undergraduate, completed his Master's
Degree in Guidance, and, while teaching, was a
part-time director of Sayles Hall. As the College
grew into a University, Neil had a part in developing
some of the programs necessary to service an
increased enrollment. He was the first Financial
Aids Director, and developed the Summer Planning
Conference and the Counselling Service, to name a
few. Neil has been involved with the Campus Center
since it was in the planning stages.

“When I became Dean of Student Life," he says,
"it was very important to me to remain in the
Campus Center.... People assumed I would move to
the Administration Building, (which) operates as an
office building on a nine-to-five basis. I can't work
that way with students." Neil would like the Office

of Student Life to be open seven (lays a week,
because “when there's a crisis, it‘s got to be open."
The office is also open two nights a week, Mondays
and Thursdays.

Neil received no definition of his duties when he
was made Dean; “I'm creating the job as I go
along.“ His functions are such, however. that
Residences, Student Activities in the Campus Cen-
ter, Financial Aids, and International Students fall
under his supervision. His office also takes a hand in
mechanical procedures such as assisting students
with withdrawal procedures, registering students for
selective Service, and helping students with absentee
ballots.

When asked what he thinks about the University
as a physical plant, Neil replied that he “thinks we
have some fine things here." In noting that visitors
are always impressed with the school, he added, “It
may be easier to visit than to live with." Neil thinks
that in spite of some disadvantages, such as the
distance of the parking lots from the podium, the
utmosphen of the school has improved. Hi.- re-
marked, “I find more students willing to say ‘hi'

,Neil Brown!“Creating

     
 

Job”:
Student Life

emotion on hearing about the tragedies at Kent
State and Jackson State." But, he added, “I cannot
'favor overreaction, no matter who overreacts." He
went on to say, "If the acts of violence were
intended to call attention to serious problems, I’m
afraid the real effect was to further widen the rift
between young people and the moderate-
conservative adults.” However, he added that “a lot
of good things happened to the University as wellI
especially dialogue. There may be some abrasive
times, but I see a new hopefulness this year."

You may not always see Neil Brown's name linked
with the major events of the University, but you can
be sure the Office of Student Life is involved.

Signum Laudis Will
Induct New Members

Because of the strike at the end of the spring
semester, no juniors were inducted into Signum
Laudis last year. Therefore, the first induction for
the class of 1971 will be held during this semester.

The requirements for membership, as stated in the
constitution of Signum Laudis, are as follows:

1) In the spring of their junior year, the students
in the top four per cent of their class are inducted,
provided that they have completed at least 74
hours, have a cumulative average of at least 3.0, and
have passed at. least 50 hours in this university by
the end of the first semester of their junior year.

2) In the fall of their senior year, the students in
the next four per cent of their class are inducted,
provided that they have completed at least 90
hours, have a cumulative average of at least 3.0, and
have passed at least 50 hours in this university by
the end of the second semester of their junior year.

Physical education marks are not counted in
determining averages.

Both of the above groups will be inducted during
this semester. Students who have a cumulative
average of 3.38 (the cut-off point for the top eight
per cent of the class) or higher, and who meet the
requirements for either of the above groups, are
eligible for membership at this time. A preliminar ry
meeting will be held on Tuesday, NOvember 3, at
7:30 p.m. in the Campus Center Assembly Hall to
compile a membership list and to make plans for the
induction.

If you have any questions, or if you feel that you
qualify for membership but will be unable to attend
the meeting, please contact Diane Gordon at
457-8790,

 

 

even when they don't know me.“

Between noon and 6:00 pm. on
Wednesday, Novomhcr '25, each
student must report to the Sayles
IIilII office to check-in.

At that time each student will
be assigned to a specific room,
given ii room and Iok-box key and
required to pay $2.00 per night in
advance. This fee is imposed by
the Dormitory Authority. A
$5.00 deposit will also be col-
lected and will be refunded when
the keys are returned. For the
'l‘hiinksgiving recess, then, each
student will be required to pay
$l:i.0(l, $5.00 of which will be
retu mud to him.

Between 0:00 um. and noon on

1pm in

 

University Commuter’s Organization

Announces elections for Executive
Board Officers on December lst 8r.
December 4th. Interested parties

may come to meetings on Tuesdays

at 12:30 In CC 370 or Fridays at

have attended 3 Weekly meetings in
three different weeks.

We ask your help.

(Commuter’s Club)

CC 376. To vote. you must

Executive Boat!

 

 

Sunday, November 29, students

are to report to the Siiyles Hull

 

 

office to return keys and chuck-
ou Any additional information
for recess housing will be (listriv
[mind to such student at thiI time
of chock-in.

 

 

 
 

 

COFFEE HOUSE CIRCUIT
wai- featuring
CHRIS & BRIAN

Show at l0 and l2i30 in the CC Cafeteria

sponsored by Campus Center Governing Board
funded by Hidden! 'l‘iix

   
  
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

Buy 2-Get 1 Free

MIKE’S

‘
Giant Roast Beef 
susMARiiiE SANDWICH ‘

with this coupon

   
  

either

  
   
   
   
      

NEDA

  
       

of or expires Nov. 25th, 1970
GOOD AT ALL LOCATIONS
OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK

ltf—lllléllll

