 

 

mm mamas

  

._ ., 'iﬁuESDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1970

 

 
 
   
 

' , . i O C
, from w uh I n
At piesent‘3 students are participating in the community

service for credit. An estinnted 700 students will join the program
next semester.

  

A new 3 credit course, nonviolent conﬂict resolution forum, will
be offered next semester; The class will be limited to 40 students.
The aim of the course is to seek peaceful and just resolutions of
conﬂict at a time when the increasing rapidity of social and
technological change seems to make conflict inevitable. About I5
‘ faculty members, coordinated by Martha Dickinson (research
associate in physics) will participate and guide independent study.
A paper presenting a nonviolent resolution ofa particular problem
will be presented by each student at the end of the term.

The faculty of the School of Library Science is studying the
possibility of reforming the “core” or “foundation” Curriculum.
Students will receive credit for the conventional core courses, but
are free to explore and deﬁne the “foundations” of librarianship
in their own ways. A pilot proyam consisting of 5 faculty and 25
beginning full-time students are spending the semester in a l2
credit “unprogramed program"...|t is hoped that this group will
come up with some alternatives for the library program.

Free School Schedule (partial):

Tuesday, ll/lO/7l)-Judaism and Pacificisnt~l,'ll(l p.m., It‘d. I20

Wednesday. ll/lI/7()-./udaism and Christianity-8.45 p.1n., Hit.
113

Thursday, 11/12/70-Lenny Bruce-9:00p.m., CC 370

Racism, Survival, Dance call 457-6542

The ASP will not publish Friday, November l3, I970.

There will be an ASP reporters' meeting, Tuesday, November
17, I970 at 7:30 in CC 326. All new members are welcome-
mandatory for old reporters.

Resident Assistant hopefuls: there will be a mandatory interest
meeting on November 22, I970 in LC II. from 7:00-9:00 pm. If
you have a conflict call Howard Woodruff 457-8830.

The Campus Center now charges tax on food items that total
$1.00 or more.

5300 experienced its busiest weekend so far this year after
Friday’s Jefferson Airplane concert. Frequently using all three
lines, most callers were “lonely”. During the concert itself, four
staff members ware stationed in the gym.

  
   

...solomon

 

 

World News

from without

The Soviet Union celebrated the 53rd anniversary of the

tion last Saturday, with a displayal of Russian

 

 

 

     
  
  
  
  

  
  
    
  
  
    
   
 
  
   
    
 
 
 
  

HELLMAN S (OLONI!

‘52 CENTER

THEATRE

OPPOSITE
MACY'S

459-2170

     
 
      

Final Exclusive AREA Showing

    

    

starts tomorrow (Wed)

7 DAYS ON LY

  
  
  

FOR EVERYONE!

"DIS/VEY’S 6/75/17 PIONEER/[VG VENTURE IS
THESE/180173 HITﬂEV/VAU" Newsweek

"AN lNOliEOlBLV REVOLUTIONARY FILM...
TNE MIND CAN RUN IIIOTl" The mu Ticker

"FAB AllEAO OF ITS TIME. . .BEST AUDIO-VISUAL

   
   

 

Bolshevik Revolu
military might in Red Square, a ‘
speeches. The highest American official at the American Embassy
in Moscow, Boris Klosson, boycotted the parade because of the
detention by the Soviets of two American generals. I

Canadian authorities have obtained their first break mithe
murder of Quebec Minister of Labor and Immigration, Pierre
Laportc. At a coroner's court hearing, a young worker, Bernard
Lortie, admitted to being an accomplice in the abduction of the
Minister, but denied any part in his slaying. Lortie named three
others, all members of the Federation for the Liberation of
Quebec, who were involved in the kidnapping.

nd the perennial anti-American

National News

Herbert Stein, a member of the Council of Economic Advisers,
said that the nation could return to near-full employment by the
middle of 1972 and still retard inflation. if wage increases were to
be cut somewhat. Stein believes that the goal can be accomplished
without government intervention in the economy. He said that
the laws of American capitalism, instead, will repair the damaged
economy.

According to a New York Times report, the Vietman vctcran,
unlike war vctcrans of the past, are not regarded as heroes and
must return to American society as quietly as they left. Gone are
the victory parades, brass hands, and cheering crowds for the
rctu rning soldier.

State News

Eldon (Ilingan, the minority leader of the New York City
Council, blamed thc Liberal Party for Buckley's election. “We
think liberalism suffered a disnstcrous defeat," as a result of the
clcction, said Clingan. Clingan went on to say that by giving its
endorsement to Charles Goodcll, the Liberal Party split the liberal
vote which proved detrimental to Rep. Ottlngcr.

 

 

 

CAMPUS CHEST WEEK
Nov. 16-21

all proceeds go to Hope House

BOOSTERS on sale in the Campus Center Main Lobby
daily from 10 AM. - 2 PM. ~ $.50 for a button, coffee
all week, and a chance for door prizes

PLAY “Ray of Hope" put on by Hope House, Friday,
November 20th at 8 PM. in the Campus Center Ballroom

1 WSUA, Will

Move Uptown

by Brenda Scbefer

For the past. seven years, WSUA
has been operating from Bru-
bacher Hall at the downtown
campus. Its staff, however, has
wanted to move uptown since
1965 and hopefully by January |_
1971, they will be stationed in
room 316 of the Campus Center.

There are many reasons why
such a move is imperative. Each
year attracting volunteers gels
harder and harder, for (Except, for
those who are interested in In»
coming disc jockeys, no one is
willing to travel downtown to
help out with the paper Work.

The studio itself is too hol and
too small to accomodatc both lhc
broadcasting and the production
of nch at the same time; [hurl-"s
also a shortage of storagc Spilf‘t'
for equipment and records.

More importantly, since most of
the campus ncws occurs uptown,
it would be much casicr to l)('
stationed nearer to Wlll'rt' Ilu-
story breaks than to have to first
travel from downtown to gel rim
hand information.

With these disadvantages III
mind, it was decided that WSUA
would move uptown. The original
plan was to move the ellllrl'
station to the Campus Center, but
because of financial reasons, room
316 will be a temporary spot until
the West Podium Extension is
built and WSUA will be pcrma‘
nently located there.

Right now, its staff is waiting
for the University to bcgin con
struction of the walls which wdl
divide room 316 into thrm-
smaller divisions. Central head
quarters will still be downtown
where most of the broadcasting
will take place, cxccpl hctwvcn
the hours of 6:00 am. to thin
p.m. when broadcasting Wlll llt'
coming directly from room :llﬁ

WSUA has already nrdcn-d
much of the cquipmcnl Iu-mh-d
for their new location. lIlL'llI(ll‘(l Ill
this order were now amplifvrs Ior
Dutch and Colonial Quads and
one for State. As of now, llnh'l)
and Colonial arc sharing an amp
and with a now our, llll' sharing
will end and reception Wlll luv
clcaror for both quads Sluli- |~
running on a fabricali-d .nnp
which has all but fallcu :rpnrl, ..
new amp would moan ('li-nrn-r ll
not better, rot-option than llml ul
cithcr Dutch or Colonial Qumb
Downtown, a now transnnllvr ls
being purchased so that lmlh
Snylcs and PierCc llalls wdl .ilw
rcccive broadcasting.

The nccd for an i-fl'wlm-
campus radio station is clcar, [H'I'
haps now, WSUA can live up In all
that it could be.

 

 

 
  
  
  
  
   
    

  

The Drama Workshop prcscnls

UBU
ROI

ll) Alli-d lain luntlntul In nnim. m rm

THURSDAY and l"l(ll)A\.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 10, '1970

   

Community Service
Means Relevancy

by Bob Baldassano

Throughout the last decade. stu-
dents have been both riduculed
and lauded for their involvement
in the world outside the univer-
sity. Albany State inaugurated in
the last days of August a com-
mu nity service program whereby a
student volunteers his time in
exchange for degree credits.

An interesting facet of this pro-
gram, ' ' ‘ ned as lur' r “ ‘
study, is that it is run by a group
of twelve students who do the
paper work and coordinate all the
volunteers into areas of interest to
the student,

Because there are credits in-
volved in this program, there must
hc a faculty advisor. Melvin
Urofsky acts in this capacity, like
a general sponsor for the program.

Sandy Kleinman, a member of
the twelve-student board, pointed
out that this program works in
conjunction with the Volunteer
Bureau of Albany as well as the
Department of Innovative Studyiat
SUNYA. The eventual goal of the
student group is to establish a

Volunteer Bureau on campus as is
the case on several other campuses
in the nation.

Student response during the first
semester of the program’s exist-
ence was encouraging. Given a
week to register students into
various volunteer programs in the
Capital District, there are now 350
students involved, the same total
number of people as the Volun-
teer Bureau garnered in a year of

' ,,. Next semester the
Community Service Program
people expect to double that
number. It is believed that six
hundred to eight hundred will
register for the program.

The opportunity for services are
as varied as the interests of the
volunteers appear to be. Amateur
artists can do posters or fliers for
social service groups. Musicians'
and dancers' talents will be used
to entertain and teach groups.
Tutoring is also available.

With the semester more than
half finished, the response of the
public agencies asking for volun-
teers has been “very positive" in
Sandy Kloinman’s words.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 
  

 

. THE COMMUNITY SERVICE allows many students to broaden their educational horizons through
Interaction in the Albany area. Volunteers perform many different services.

       
  

...chow

 

 

 
 
 

Mandatory {Student Tax Is Still An Issue

by Bob Warner

News Editor

Arthur Levitt, who has just been
elected for his fifth term as Comp-
troller of New York, has been
active in regard to the audit and
investigation of State University
student governments for the past
year. Although in 1068 he issued
a memorandum calling for the
Board of Trustees not to interfere
with student association auditing,
be repealed that in September
after conducting scvoral audits of
student funds.

While he called for vesting in
students “through democratic
methods, such maximum power
to regulate their own affairs as
may be consistent with public
policy," he called at the same
time for “prudent (university)
controls in the light of
experience."

Levitt is fairly lenient towards
student associations, but he does
not bclicvc that the student bud-
gcls should be within the sphere
of extra-curricular activitics
though he admits that the lure of
fiscal rcsponsabilily is not easy to
define.

la-vitt's solution mighl. bc Lhc
mandating of a voluntary student

lax, but he conceded that this
approach may be far too sim-
plistic, "Only the University can
decide," said Levitt.

He has also carefully audited
student government books for any
malfeasance. For the most part,
he found that student govern-
ments' expenditures have been in
order. “This is ample evidence
that student organizations arc
capable of responsible self-man-
agcment.”

He termed New Paltz’s budget-
ary procedures “noticeably
weak,“ while he commends Al-
bany for its “business-like oper-
ations." However, he noted that
“several budgetary allocations at
Albany" were challengeable. (He
rcforrcd to Stringer's litigation.)

Levitt has rccommpndod that
the student fce he made volun-
tary, or if it is kept mandatory,
the foo should be reduced. He also
has stated that because students
are apathetic towards student gov
ornmcnts, and turn out to votc in
low numbers for officers and ref-
crcndums, the University has a
good casc to make the fcc vol-
untary. ’l‘hc Comptroller docs soc
advantages to a mandatory fcc,
howcvcr, such as the practical
financial framework.

Two Studies Recommend

Voluntary Tax

 

by Sharon Cohen

Mandatory studan taxes havt.I
been called "an element in, and
underlying cause of, campus un-
rest," by the Temporary State
Commission to Study the Causes
of Campus Unrest, which is
headed by Assemblyman Charles
D. Henderson.

Ernest G. l’cltz, executive direct
or of the commission, pointed out
some of the reasons for the com-
mission's position. Apparently,
there are studcnts who feel that
appropriations from student acti-
vitics facts have been allocatcd to
organizations that do not repro-
si-nl the intcrusts of large groups
of students. 0n the other hand.
lhcrc are students whoarc against

the recent directive of the Chan-
collar of the State University pro-
viding administrative supervision
and controls over student govern-

The commission has recom-
mended to Chancellor Ernest
Boyer and the Board of Trustees
that not only should there be no
mandatory student assessment
tax, but that a student referen-
dum should be held on each cam-
pus to decide whether there
should be a tax at all. The com-
mission's resolution also called for
a "student: elected board of man-
tigers" to prepare a “unit budget,"
which would bl: put to the various
student bodies across the state, to
either accept or reject in its entire-
ty.

 

 

 

EM "1‘3"";
AT 1:25 - 9:30 I
“Diary
Of A Mad
Housewife”

Richard Ionian-In

TRAFFIC CONCERT
appearing with CAC'IUS
Washington Ave. Armory

  

Giant

Buy 2-Get I Free‘

with this coupon

MIKE’S

  
 

either

NEBA

boast Beef

 

  
   
   
  
    
   
   
   
     
 
 
  

    

 
 
 
  
  
      

       
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
   

November 20th
$2.50 w/tax-S5.00 w/out

(IOOI‘H open at 8pm

   
   
 
  
  
   
      
 

NOVEMBER 12 and LI at it jun.

EXPERIENCE ill TOWNI" William Wolf, Cue
"BEST FAMILY FlLMl" Joseph Geimls, Newsday

"A TOTAL EXPERiENCE IN SIGHT. SOUND
AND COLOR . . . MAKE FANTASIA A MUST!"
*mgu—Ief Bob Salmaul, Group W Network

Wed.&Sun. — 2,4, 6: IS, 8:25
Thur, Fri, Mon, 8:. 'fues — 6:45, 8:45 pIT
Saturday — 2:30, 4:35, 6:45, 9 pm

— donation is $.50

  
   
  
   
 
  

Iv lam nan-tau A“ Mann
llv-Illl um nan-1c
TODAY 7:20 - 9:30

“Lovers
And Other

SUBMARINE SANDWICH
offer expires Nov. 25thl 1970
GOOD AT ALL LOCATIONS
OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK
- ElllEIIllElllllgillECUP THIS COUPON5IIIIE

IN 'rua I.I'I"l'I.l-'. 'I‘IIIiA’l'ltl-l
' A’I‘ Russnm. same (Z()l.l.l'lhl‘l

AUCTION donations should be brought to respective
'I‘lckm mm m Iho door or m llu- .-\ |(

quad representatives before November 20th. Auction will on“ Jill-3H" Im 
take place Saturday, November let at 1 PM. in the
Campus Center Main Lounge — door prize drawings will
follow — be there!

   

l'rmlnu-Il under nrnumrinrnl wrlh NI u Int-.Iu-nI

l’uhlllhlnu (liumrllluu, u-Iuvmmm m. .nanm

tickets must be purchased
before the night of the show

      

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘USE Y0 R SUDEN'I' DISCOUNT CARDS“

 

 

 

 r

