STEVE SDMPIRO/GAMMA-UMSON

Michael J. Fox

Work-Life in the Fast Lane

hile be filmed the new cotnedy

adventttre Ilm'lt lo llu' Fultlrt'.

Michael ‘1. Fox. the film's star.
would reaclt a Hollywood TV studio at
six itt tlte morning. play Alex Keaton iii
the ltit ’l‘\' series. [unruly ' tltett head
to a San Fernando \hlley~liltn studio and
work ttntil midnight as Marty Mcl’ly. his
lirst big screen role. “It's like being three
different characters." says Fox during
welcotue break iii the liltning. "l'm Alex.
then Marty. and lastly. tnyself— I try to
slip into tltat last character every now
attd then."

.\lcl"ly is a teenager wlto travels back in
little to the l’ifties and meets his parents
as high school studettts. After a series of
adventures atttl misadventures. he risks
life and litttb to get "back to the future'
— the time from which be started.
"'l‘hat's all I can tell yott about the film
right now." says Fox. with a lattgh. “I‘m
not supposed to divulge atty key story
points."

011 this particular week Famin Tint is
on temporary ltiattts. Strangely. Fox feels
tnore tired doing only one projcctt
"When l'nt doing both shows, I find my—
self with more energy. It's like tltat
energy that you have at the begitniittg of
the day when you go to a ‘job that you
like. Well. I get tltat energy twice a day

It) I’lll-Z M()\'|liMAGAHNli

instead of once."

(letting used to liltn was only one of

the challenges Fox faced. There was also
the schtzopltreuic frenzy of creatittg an
entirely ttew character for Future. as well
as being Alex on I’mnily Tim. But Fox
claims it w; n't difficult. "I've played

Alex for three yea ‘s now. He's kind of

like a shirt that I can pttt on and take
off." he says. “That tuade it easier to pttt
energy into Marty McFly. Plus. this is a
character who's closer to tne than any
character l've ever played before."

A native Canadian. the 22 year-old
Fox started acting at [5 injunior high. At
l8. he packed ltis bags for l.os Angeles.
Fox ltas appeared in featttr like Disney's
Mir/night illmlttt'w'. had a recurring role
in 'l'V's short-l 'ed I’rtlttm'xlrnt-It. L’ I ..
and gues -starred in sttch series as ' )‘(l/I-
[it‘ll/(I’ll), i\I.I)., Luu (v'rmt! and Family.

Despite his success as a television actor.
Fox t lizes that a movie sttclt as this one
can have an even bigger effect on his
career. “lt's really bizarre." Fox says. “I
can sit at home attd say to myself, ‘What
a giattt movie ['m in.‘ But I have to re~
tnember it's a jobjust like any other job.
whether it's a ﬁlm for Lockheed or a
Steven Spielberg production. Once you
get on the set. yott go all ottt. You do the
best you can." I by Bill Braunstein

Billy Barty

Elﬁn Roles and a Giant Career

['5 not every day someone decides to

make a movie with an SOD-year-old.

trec-climbiug pixie in an enchanted
forest. But whenever they do. Billy Barty
is probably the ﬁrst guy they'll call. Now
(it). with a show business career launched
in vaudeville before he was It). Barty. at
ﬁl’ 9”. is l'lollywood's leadittg presence
among "little people." His role as the
ditnintttive octo-centenariau forest dwell-
er named Screwball occurs in Lrgttml. a
tnyths-and-tmtgic fant; l headlined by
’l‘om Cruise attd Mia Sar .

“lt's the satne old story." Barty jests.
"Boy tneets girl. girl meets witch. boy
saves girl frotn witch. boy gets girl." Yet.
he says in practically the satne breatlt.
Id‘gt’llll is a bit unlike anything else in ltis
more—than~lill-film experience. “'l‘he
costumes and tttakettp were ottt of this
world." Barty says. “I had it easy. My
makeup only took three attd a ltalf hours
to put on. l’oor 'l‘im (Iurry [who plays

the villaiuotts Lord of Darkness] took
tnore than si hours. And yott cottld only
wear the makeup once. After the day was
done. it ltad to be thrown away. It cost
$2.500 each titne l was made up. And I
had one of the less difficult costumes."

Barty. one of "little people" cast in
the film, found hi role quite strenuous.
“In one scene." he reports. “a stttnt dott-
ble was supposed to swing back attd forth
from the limb of a tree. He couldn't
figure ottt how to do it. so l‘just ended
up doittg it myself. When I was finished.
I went up to ltitn andjoked. “I'm tired of
tnaking you look good.‘ "

Away frotn actittg. Barty is the driving
force behind an organization he fottnded
sotne ‘28 years ago. ~"l'he Little People of
America," along with "The Billy Barty
Foundation." which he started itt 197:).
Both help the titedical world stttdy
dwarlism, and give their members sup-
port iu overcotning medical attd social
problems.

"W e had to light stereotyping for
years." says Barty. “It used to he that yott
didn't work in Hollywood until a circus
movie came around. ()r cotne Christmas
tittte you'd get a ~job in a commercial
playing an elf."

Though elﬁn work is still the norm.
Barty has compiled credits incltttling
Alice in “butler/11ml itt 1933. .-l .llt'rlutmnu-r
.\'ig/i/.'t Dream itt 1935. Day (3/ l/lt‘ Locus!
in 1975 and. as the traveling salesman
Goldie Hawn thinks is out to tnttrder
her. in 1978‘s Foul Play of his latest role.
Barty retnar . “It's a era y story. There
are a lot of spooky things. I am." he
notes with the pride of a seasoned
pro. “the cotnedy relief." I
by Bill Braunstein

Tom Cruise

Creates a Colorful New Role

ike his pal 'l'imothy l-lutton.

whom he met when they made

lit/1.x itt liltll. 'l‘otn (Iruise played
Natbatt Detroit. the pinstripe-suited
proprietor of a lloating crap gatne in the
musical comedy (lays um! Din/Lt.
were high school performances. mind
yott. httt both lads emerged with a deep
(l sire to become professional actors.

'l‘oday (Iruise — like l-lutton —— is one of

the major forces in American film. with
The ()um'zlrn. All r/u' Rig/t! Mums and the
highly sttccessfttl Risky Business to his
credit. Hutton ltas gone front playing
schoolboys to portraying spies. bttt
(Iruise has diversiﬁed even farther. In
his next ﬁlm. Lt'gt'ml. (Iruise will be a
g 'een man who can talk to tmicorns.

fascinated with jack 0‘ The
Green." Cruise says of his sixth liltn
character (he also played a tninor role in
Ifmllmx Law). "I was able to watch ; the
character developed ill the dircctor's
mind and iii the script. It‘s a wonderfully
ttnttsttal role.

"Jack 0' The Green." says (Irttise “is a
mythical character and requi es a differ-
ettt sort of research." In spite of his teett
heartthrob looks, (Iruise reaches for
deep detail on each role. He writes up a
background for his cltatacter. to create a
sense of history

For lt’tltlty Iltuimtu. (Iruise dieted and
eer' ‘sed. losing l4 pottttds. to make his
character look like a naive striplittg.
'l‘hen lte purposely added a little layer of
baby fat. to tnask his musculature with an

innocent. light clttthbittess. For 'Iit/n, itt
which he played a brutal military cadet
who goes psycho. (Iruise powered down
milkshakes daily until I?) extra pounds
were on his frame.

llecause his father. an electrical eti-
gineer. changed jobs frequently. (irttise
wetn to eight different grade schools and
three high schools. from ttpstate New
York to New Jersey to (Ianada to Mis-
souri to Kentucky. Always "the new kid."
(Iruise used sports as a way to lit itt. even
though the family would usually move
just as he had tnade new friends. lispe-
cially after ltis parents divorced. (Iruise's
energies were pottred into athletics.

One day he pulled a groin muscle and.
knocked ottt of action. transferred his
involvetttent to drama class. 'l'he heady
experience of (lays unrl l)0ll.\ sent hitn
ittto fast forward. Without waiting to col-
lect the diploma he'd earned. (Iruise
flew to Manhattan. He bussed tables in
restaurants while looking for the break
that eventually catne in an audition for
[fit/[lest Lawn Director Franco Zefferelli
critiqued his performance with a single
wortl — “Bell‘ mo."

“Actng has helped me mature,"
(Iruise rellects. My real training comes
frotn workittg with my peers. By taking
chances in roles. I've learned to trust
myself." I by Jennifer Bridges

Richard Libertini

Such a Character

icltard Libertini. one of the tnost

popular among l’lollywood‘s

character actors. has recently
been a number of off-beat characters:
General (larcia. the slippery banana re-
public dictator of T/lt' lit-lanes. Dudley
Moore's ittstigating llalian titanservant
itt (,lit/itiI/t/it/ly Yours. the lisping Latino
justice—of—the-peace who tnarries Burt
Reynolds and (loldie Hawn itt [lest 1“ "at/t.
l‘rahka Lasa. the loopy l’ar Eastern
mystic alongside Steve Martin in All (51'
Me. Yet. for all these funny, memo—
rable bits. Richard Libertini is hardly a
household name.

()ne reasott for the intense. bearded
actor's lack of public recognition is
that he titakes use of a slew of ethnic
accents to bring his rather unusual
clutracterizatiotts to life. Libertini's latest
role in F/t'lrh — he plays an exasperated
newspaper editor anxious to have his star
reporter ((Ihevy (Ihase) tttrn over a

long-promised undc n'er story on drug
traffic at a local beach —- is a welcome
change of pace for the performer.

"I'm having fun playing a straight per-
son for a change." .ays Libertini. speak-
ing frotti a phone booth itt L'tah after a
d: ' lilutiug. "Frankly. I like to do stuff
tltats closer to myself, whether it's com-
edy or drama. ltt recettl lilms. l've spo-
ken with one accent after anotlterattd peo-
ple do tend to pigeon-hole you. 'l'h: 
why I was so glad Michael [Michael
Ritchie. who directed Fletch] thought
of Inc for the part. It may sound like a
cliche. bttt this has been the best titne
I've ever had on a film."

Libertini hails frotn (Ihirago. He was
an original member of Second (Iity. the
well-knoth improv 'ttional group.
which also spawned (lilda Radner. John
Belushi and several other comedy stars.
Before tnaking his liltn debut itt (.‘u/r/t 22
(lll7l). he also worked iii a number of
Broadway plays sttch as Don't Bria/t the
ll'n/rl; liml Habits and Story Tlll'lllt'l.‘ In ad-
dition to dozens of television appear-
ances. his other liltn roles include those
itt 'I‘In' .\’igltl 'l‘ltry Ruitlt'rl .\liit.\lty\. Fire
Sale. Stat/1 for ()m'. Days ttI'Ht'tn't‘n. PHI)
Deal ll/i l/ll' (It'it/tn'y autl Slllll'lt’t' "\ Mac/tine,
in which he played “Nosh.” a wiretap ex-
pert who traded Yiddish quips with Burt
Reynolds.

l

The intprovisational backgrottud came
i handy on I’lrlrlt. when Libertini in-
terplayed with leading man (Iliase. a
fortner Sulto‘tluy Night I.lllt‘ writer and
perfortiter. “There were a few situations
that seentd to call for spontaneous lut-

mor." say Libertiui. And for the first
time in y trs. Libertini was allowed to
speak straigltt English. It cottld start a
trend. I by Alan Kurp

'l‘lll-l M()\’ll-'. MAGAZINE ll

 

