 

   

 

 

26  ALBANY STUDENT PRESS Cl FRIDA Y, SEPTEMBER 20, I985

Spikers win first-match

By Krlstlne Sauer
SPORTS EDITOR

Ever since coach Pat Dwyer came onto
the scene seven years ago, the Albany State
volleyball teams have done better every
season.

For the trend to continue, this year’s
team faces improving on a season that
brought the Danes a SUNYAC champion-
ship, a third place finish in the ECACs and
ninth place in the NCAAs.

“Every year we have gotten a little bet-
ter. Last year was great. Oh, who knows, I
hate to make a prediction," said Dwyer.
“We'll just have to work hard at it."

With eight returning players. finishing
the season with a comparable record isn't
the impossible dream. Last year‘s overall
record was 44-10.

In Wednesday’s season opener, the ’85
Danes beat Skidmore, 15-9, 15-4, 15-7.
That win starts them off on the right foot.

A big factor in this season will be Patty
Munhall. a 5'] l '/2" junior setter, who
made the All-State team last year. She is
one of the main outside hitters.

A returning starter is Chris Hofer, a
6'0” sophomore in .the middle hit-
ter/blocker slot. Senior Terri Neaton.
team captain, is a setter and outside hitter.
Seniors Karen Truss and Donna Vipulis
are both outside hitters. 5'10'/z" twin
sisters Amy and Jill Rosenberg return with
fellow sophomore lvette Rooks, one of the
team's tallest players measuring in at 6‘0".

Senior Loretta Janus, who was not. on
the team last year sttbstitutes in the middle.
The four new freshmen on the team are
Julie Silberbusch, an outside hitter from
Patchogue: Pat lncantalupo. who hails
from Staten Island; Karen Haaland. from
Woodstock; and Nicole Becker of
Brooklyn.

 

much everyone back. We tried some new
stuff. I’m calling plays from the sideline
now, which means we are having a much
quicker offense, and we'll hopefully
develop into a better team." '
The coach continued, “They are learn-
ing plays and stuff that no other Division
III school in New York or New England
know. We are starting to make the kind of
improvements we need to make in order to
do well nationally. Other than that, there
are no big splash headlines . . . nothing

“Every year we have
gotten a IittIe
better. . .I hate to
make a prediction. ”
— Pat Dwyer

 

spectacular to say we're going to work
hard and this should be a good year.”

Today and tomorrow the fifth 'annual
Great Dane Invitational will be hosted. 16
teams, Division III schools, are scheduled
to play. Last year the Danes came in
second.

Albany plays Binghamton at 5:00 pm.
today, then Brockport at 7:20. On Satur-
day morning they face St. Lawrence at
10:10, and then the playoffs start at 12:30.
Matches are being held in all three
downstairs courts and one upstairs court in
the University Gym.

“It will be one of our toughest tour-
naments all year," said Dwyer. “It will set
the way we will be ranked all year. Most of
the NCAA rankings for the first few weeks

'Networn‘enWi‘” two

.By Marc Barman .

spams canon

The Albany State women’s tennis
team has often gone unrecognized in the
past because of the perennial success of
the men’s team. That shouldn’t last long
if they continue to play as they have so
far this season.

The netwomen have begun this 1985
year in impeccable fashion, winning
their first two matches over Union, 4-3,
and Oneonta, 7—2.

“I’m happy with the wins," said
rookie coach Linda Myers, who coached
at Colby last season. “But we still have
a long way to go. But it is true that the
team doesn’t get as much attention as it
should."

Tomorrow they will be put to a for-
midable test, when the Danes meet up

with Middlebury College, a top-ranked '

school from New England._ Myers is
hoping the match serves as a fine tuneup

for their big meet against SUNYAC ‘

rival Plattsburgh Saturday.

i’m not concerned with the scores
against Middlebury," Myers said. “I
just hope we play well, I would like to
see us win a few matches, though."

Against Union last week, the Danes
won a squeaker, 4-3. The meet score was
deadlocked 3-3 before Lisa Valins had
completed her match at third singles.
Valins copped the first set 7-5 but suf-
fered a breakdown in the second set, los-
ing 3-6. But with all eyes on Valins
court, she routed her opponent, 6-0 to
secure Albany’s season opening victory.

In the Oneonta meet, the Danes had
little trouble whipping their SUNY rival
out west, dropping only two of nine
matches.

Geri Chiodo, the ﬁrst singles player,

 

“Skidmore played a good defense
game,” said Dwyer. “They had pretty

   

I”

vs.
RPI

 

IF YOU CAN‘T GET TO THE

9| El SPORTS

PRESENTS

Albany State Great Dane
Football

in New York are done based on our tour-
nament." El

 

creamed her contestant, 6-2, 6-1 in a
superlative effort that had coach Myers

 

 

Nina Chaung

raving. “She has been playing real
well,” said Myers. “There is little
margin for error at her position and she
is handling it well." ‘

Other strong victors were sophomore
Ellen Katz, who triumphed 7-5, 6-3. Liz
Feinberg (6-4, 6-3) and Caryn Levyv(7-6,
6-4.

Senior co-captains Nina Cheung and
Nancy Forbes have combined to form a
powerful third doubles team. They have
won both their matches convincingly.

 

Albaanytz$tatenetmen.»

By Kristine Sauer
SPORTSEDITOR

in the past week, the Albany
State men’s- tennis team turned
around their season opening loss
to Army with four consecutive
victories. ‘ . ', =3 "

Three of which led the Danes to
defend their RPI Invitational ti-
tle. This gives them a 4-1 record
going into the 9th Annual Great
Dane Tennis Classic this
weekend.

“In the RPI tournament, we
were fgyored .to win and we did
just tit." said number one
singles player, Dave Grossman.
“It wa‘sa good tune-up for the
Great [ﬁne CLassic and good for
team morale."

Albany easily defeated Skid-
more, £51 in the first round of the
RPI towrnament. In singles com-

petitio'ni’ the Danes swept all six-

slots. All of the Albany netmen
finishedaoff their opponents in
two se "s3;

In . oubles play, Skidmore
chalke [up their only victory at
second doubles, Albany’s Mike
Dermansky’s ankle was troubling
him, so. they decided to retire the
match, at 26,641, 1-1, instead of
having,,him play and possibly in-
juring himself further. Derman-
sky saitout for the rest of the day

 

and resumed playing in the finals.

' Later that day, the Danes
defeated Williams College, 6-3.
Williams took two singles and one
doubles match. In the ﬁnals.
Albany faced Clark, whom they
breezed by, 9-0,‘sweeping the en-
tire lineup.

“We had the toughest draw
and we should have," said team
captain, Jay Eisenberg. “I’m glad
we won it convincingly."

Grossman won all of his singles

matches in two sets, as did.

number three singles, Eisenberg.
Bob Siracuse, who plays sixth
singles, won all of his matches
decisively.

Both Tom Schmitz, second
singles, and Dave Zobler, fourth
singles, lost to players from
Williams. . '

“I don't think it was a great
field, but our team 'did really
well.".. said Albany coach Bob
Lewis. “Eisenberg won all of his
matches. Grossman looked very
good and I was very pleased with
the young freshman, Bob
Siracuse. I was pleased with our
whole performance."

In doubles play, the Danes did
quite a bit of partner swapping.
Some new winning combinations
were Eisenberg and Bob Gibson,
Zobler and Siracuse, Grossman

 

‘ 'FRIDA v, SEPTEMBER 20. 79.95 D ‘ALBANY'STU’DENT mass 5:57

 

TVGAR UPS

Dave Zobler

and Eisenberg, and Schmitz and
Dermansky.

On Wednesday, the netmen
swept Oneonta. 9-0. fer victory
number four.

“I think we are starting to ap~
proach our capabilities," said

Lewis. “I'm satisﬁed with our
progress."

‘ The Danes host sixteen of the
top teams in Division I, II, and III
tennis this weekend. It’s an
elimination tournament where the
players at each position are put in

host-Great Dane Classic

tough ﬁeld for me to win." said
Grossman. “My real competition
are all players who have beaten
me in the past, but I’m looking
forward to the challenge of it. For
me to win I’m going to have play
really well, but I think that goes

“I think we are starting to
approach our capabilities. I’m
satisﬁed with our progress. ”

— Bob Lewis

 

a pool with all the other players in
their slot and play each other.
Points are given to the team for
every victory its members attain.

“The competition is really

' good this year," said Lewis. “It’s

one of the strongest fields we've
ever had."

Lewis considers defending
champions Rochester one of the
favorites. The second place
finisher from last year, Concor-
dia, also has a good shot. Lewis
wouldn't 'be surprised if the
University of Vermont took the
whole thing. Army also looks
good.

“I'm going to have a very

for everybody. For Albany to do
well the whole team has to do
well."

Eisenberg has two worries
about the tournament. “l’m
looking forward to it immensely.
[’m a little worried that Derman-
sky is sick and Gibson may come
down with something too," said
Eisenberg. “I just hope we’re ok.
If we are healthy we’ll do well."

His other concern is with draws
and seeding. “First round draws
are very importat . if you pull a
bad draw you may get knocked
out early," he said. “if five out
of six of us do well, we'll do well
as a team.

White looking very cautioust to wards season

By‘Bachel Braslow

course. Junior Kitty Sullivan running an

Sullivan was next. Smith, Varley, and
Webster had a solid finish, all within

 

 

GAME
GET TO

THE RA 0/0

at Heritage Park
Saturday

6:50 pm. airtime
7 pm. gametime

S.A. Funded

 

 
 

  

 

Women hooters drop two

By Mike McAdam

After their impressive, come-from-
behind victory over Skidmore, the Albany
State women's soccer team came back
down to earth with two defeats at the
hands of Division 1 opponents in the
Flower City Tournament, held at the
University of Rochester.

The effect of youth and inexperience
showed itself early as Albany fell behind
2-0 by halftime against their first-round
opponent. Colgate. _

“We looked really dead and played with
our heads down," said Albany Coach
Amy Kidder. “We got down by two goals.
which will kill you."

Eileen Goffey opened the scoring for
Colgate at 26:44 of the first half on a
header assisted by Judi Conry. That was
all Colgate needed as the Albany offense
was shut down. A goal by Bevinn Murphy
at 19:32 closed out the scoring in the first
half and further demoralized a young
Albany team, whose 20-member roster in-
cludes i6 underclassmen.

Albany did not force a single corner kick
throughout the game. an indication of the
lethargic attack which failed to show life
until late in the second half.

With so many young players facing a
Division 1 opponent for the first time, “we
had trouble sparking anything," lamented
Kidder. "We didn't start playing until the
last ten minutes.”

Colgate blanked sophomore forward
Joanna Lnsnrides. who scored twice
against Skidmore. on three shots on goal.
and freshman forward Joan McNamara
applied pressure with 2 more shots on
goal.

But it wasn‘t nearly enough as Colgate
coasted to the 3-0 victory. Sue Steele

rounded out the scoring when she putone
past Karen Campbell at 36:46 of the se-
cond half. Campbell, who recorded eight
saves, was inserted for starting goalie
Maureen Keller, who allowed the two first
half goals. ~

Albany went on to face Holy Cross, a
ﬁrst-round loser to the' University of
Rochester, in the consolation round on
Saturday. Albany’s consolation did not
come in the form of a victory, however. as
they were downed 3-0 by another Division
I rival.

The Danes’ defense did derive satisfac-
tion from holding the pair of Holy Cross
All-Americans shotless. “We put Cheryl
Hensen on their 'strong forward and she
kept her from even getting a shot,” Coach
Kidder beamed. “The problem was that
we made the adjustment defensively but
not offensively,” she explained. as the
Danes were shut out again.

Because of the shadowing technique us-
ed on the All-Americans. “we would often
make beautiful crosses on attack but no
one would be there to receive them." The
commitment to defense. handicapped the
offense in what would otherwise have been
a close game.

Holy Cross scored off the opening
kickoff when a combination of Albany
defensive errors opened up some passing
lattes. resulting in the quick goal. Holy
Cross registered another ﬁukc goal in the
second half when the ball went in off a
Dane defender.

“You can‘t afford to put yourself down
a goal. especially in soccer," Coach Kider
said. For the Danes, falling behind early
has become a habit, and the inexperienced
squad is learning the hard way that catch-
up is a hard game to play.

How ’bout ’dem Danes

summarise 1

Slowly but surely the Albany State
women's cross country team is on the
move. Unfortunately within the first two
weeks of school, several unforseen injuries
sufficed has among the team.

Head cross country coach Ron White
was only able to enter ﬁve of his eighteen
ruriiiers in the teams’ first meet, September
14:”,‘against Bates, Middlebury, and
Williams. As a result',‘Albany finished 0-3.
However, the ﬁve that entered did finish.
Senior Karen Defeo ﬁnished fourth overall
with a 21:02 clocking over the 3.25 mile

“aggressive race" ﬁnished 19th and senior
Chris Varley, sophomore Roseanne Smith
and freshman Marylou Webster provided
a solid 23.24.25 finish. '

’ “It was a lot of pressure on the five run-
ners‘ but they came through O.K.,” said
White.

By Tuesday, September 17th the
numbers were up as eight runners were
entered. The Albany team was back on the
road to recbvery as they trounced host
Hamilton College 21-38.

Seniors Bette Dzamba, Defeo, and Lynn
Jacobs led the way with a 1.2.4 ﬁnish.

However, half of the Albany team re-
mains injured. “I’m sensitive to them. I’m

twelve seconds of each other. Junior
Maura Mahon was also back in running
shape to help 'the Albany team out.
“Before the meet no one was really into
it that day but Coach White psyched us up,
and motivated us so we could come home
with a ‘happy feeling," commented Smitlt.
He wanted us to come together as a team
so we could beat Hamilton and that’s what
we did," ‘ ‘

scrimmage, ran admirably after missing
the last two meets‘due to a heel injury.

not pushing people towards running if
they're,not ready. Hopefully our depth
will prevail and we can be somewhat vic-
torious. We are fortunate to have the
numbers out to hold down the fort, we are
looking cautiously." said White. He add-
ed. “it was nice to see that team-type at-
mosphere at the Hamilton meet."

By mid-season, Rachel Braslow. Jen-

 

 

Presbie leads Albany State boaters tovictory

By Cathy Errig
STAFF WRITER

The confidence-building win that coach Bill
Schieffelin had hoped would come prior to the
Albany State men's soccer team's shift into the
meat of their schedule materialized last Saturday in
the form of a 2-0 victory over Manhattanville Col-
lege and a 4-1 victory over New Paltz. I

“Although the score of the Manhattanvtlle game
was the same as that of the Oswego game.” said
Schieffelin. “it was a totally different game. We
totally dominated this game. We were the more
talented team." ,

Schieffelin cites a more effective defense as a ma-
jor factor behind the convincing win.

“We substituted freshman Doug Deim at stop-
perback for this game which worked very well,”
said Schieffelin. “And freshman Mike DiValentino
had a good, consistent defensive game, also._Now,
we need cohesiveness in the middle of the field In
order to neutralize any pdsslble counter-attack. Our
defense is inexperienced and there's a question as'to
how it'll hold up under pressure. We need the mid-
field to help the defense." '

The team’s offensive punch was supplied _by
freshmen Eric leuentes. who scored the first
Albany goal 35 minutes into the first half. and Jim
Vermilyea, who added the second Dane goal 20
minutes into the second half. I

“We really should have scored more tn this
same." said Schieffelin. “Forward Ed Rogan also
had a good game and eo-cuptain Tihan Presbie
helped out on some combination plays. We had the
ball on their side of the field for most of the game:
the 2-0 score doesn’t really reﬂect the domination.

That the game was won as a solid team effort as

opposed to the performance of several individuals
further pleased Schieffelin.

“It’s nice to have some stars on your team, but
it’s more important to have a good blend," said
Schieffelin. “We could have won this game more
impressively, but a win is still a win and I'd rather
have a win than a loss."

The Danes next opponent was New Paltz, a team
returning to NCAA competition after a seven year
absence.

“New Paltz is our opening conference game,"
said Schieffelin prior to the game, “and we’d like to
win convincingly. i guess we're the favorite going
into‘the game, but I'd rather not think like that.
That’s what upsets are made of."

Schieffelin needn‘t have worried, as the men
booters, led by Tihan Presbie's hat—trick, soundly
defeated their opponent to raise their seasonal
record to 2-1. Presble first put the Danes on the
scoreboard with a goal scored five minutes into the
first half. assisted by Rogan. Vermilyea added a se-
cond goal seven minutes later, assisted by Presbie.
Presbie closed the Danes' first-half scoring on a
penalty shot.

Presbie's third goal was scored unassisted 20
minutes into the second half.

"We’re improving more and more in each
game,” said co-captuln Carl loos. “Right now,
we're at the same point we were at last season. and
we could really go either way. We've got u lot of
young players and rigltt now we're starting to get
together. From here, we can only go up."

The Danes' next game will be at Albany against
LeMoync College Saturday at 2:00. It is the last
game before the Danes move into what Schieffelin
describes as the heart of their schedule. [Li

 

 

 

 

TYOARUPS
Tlhan Freebie had a hat trick against New Paltz Thursday.

"t

. ‘1;
Dzamba, victorious in the Cobleskill "lief corbyv Sue Gun“: Kim PmiChOTd-
Jackie Phipps and Sue Specter should be
back on the trails.
a

 

