 

 

 

4a Aspects .- I , I

 

 

 

 

“Gial Phong! Giai Phong! (Liberation!)"

So cry the residents of the city of Saigon, once the
nerve center of the American effort in Vietnam, now
the last bastion of the crumbling government of
South Vietnam. The date: April 30, i975.

it had taken only 55 days. Just 55 days for the
North Vietnamese and Vietcong troops to overrun
once impregnable military centers of the US. and its
ally, the Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN):
Da Nang, Cam Rahn Bay, Khe Salnh, Hue, and now,
finally, Saigon. The ease with which the Communists
under General Van Tien Dung had routed the ARVN
astounded even Hanoi. A sixteen-year war was now
at its end. At the gates of Saigon, they wait.

in the city itself, chaos supplants the authority of a
government in its death throes. Looters raid shops
and military stores as crowds seeking evacuation
flock to the besieged American embassy. Haggard

Marines await the helicopters that will pluck them .

from the quandry of Vietnam. Finally, the choppers
do arrive. Landing on the rooftop of the embassy, the
last outpost of an army once a half~million strong, the
choppers snatch the Marines from the Embassy,
dodge sporadic ground fire from ARVN troops (irate
at being left behind). and fly away from the city,
leaving its residents to their giai phong and fate.

Shortly thereafter, a Soviet-built T-S4 tank crashes
through the gates of independence Palace. General
Duong Van "Big" Minh, South Vietnam's last presi-
dent, delivers an unconditional surrender to the
North Vietnamese, and is quickly hustled off to a "re-
cducation" camp. Cheerful Saigon residents then
learn that their city is henceforth to be known as Ho
Chi Minh City. The nighttime curfew would not be
lifted. Violators could be shot. Ciai Phong.

Ten years later, the course of the Vietnamese
revolution" seems to have been foretold in those
ominous days following the fall of Saigon. Although
many Americans have come to terms with Vietnam
the War, symbolized by the haunting Vietnam War
Viemorial, President Reagan's standing ovation salute
to a Vietnamese graduate of West Point, and the
seemingly unanimous conviction that we should not
iorget the “lessons of Vietnam" (even if there is no
such unanimity about just what those lessons are),
Vietnam the nation is still around, and must be dealt
wrth, And so, henceforth, Vietnam after giai pliong.

The North Takes Command

leaders of the much glamouri/ed Viet Cong tould
not hpr but be perturbed .rt the fact that it was the
North Vietnamese who were in occupation of the
South and not their own pcoplc. Their discomfort
iould only have intensified when it appeared that the
Vict Cong were being disarmed. NLli disbanded.
With brutal speed, North Vietnam moved to
eliminate tlu'ir onetime ally from the political spec-
trum. First, as was mentioned, came the military sup-
plantion. This might have been tolerated by the
southerners. After all, wasn't it the North which car

 

Vietnamw after Giai

ried out most of the operations after i968? Later,
however, it became clear that Hanoi had other,
darker purposes behind this usurpation, and that in
the Wordsof a former Vietcong official, "something
was dreadfully wrong."

indeed it was. The disarming of the VC was quick-
ly followed by the termination of the VC political
wing: the. National Liberation Front. All major posts
in occupied South Vietnam were held by Nor-
therners. Finally, in W76, the death knell of the VC
was knolled: ll. ‘ North and South were to be unified,
Radio Hanoi announced. The VC had never been
consulted.

Not surprisingly, many former VC became disen-
chanted. Some protested the precipitous reunifica-
tion. The protests wore mild, polite, and addressed to
a "fraternal, socialist ally," with whom they had
fought for to years. Hanoi's response to their
brothers" complaint is best summed up by Doan Van
Toai, a former VC intelligence agent:

"i was thrown into a 3‘6 foot cell with my left hand
chained to my right foot and my right hand chained
to my left foot. After two months in solitary, l was
transferred to a [5‘25 foot room, with 40 to 100
prisoners. Every day i watched my friends die at my
feet._"

Many others of Toai's comrades were jailed. Some
even fled to the West. Others, less fortunate, were
executed. Ciai Phong.

War in "Heaven"

When North Vietnamese officers are assigned duty
in the South, they sometimes speak of "going to
heaven." And strange as it may seem, the South (par-
ticularly Saigon) is something of a paradise when
compared to the North. Food is more abundant and
of better quality. Night clubs, bars and even prostitu-
tion remain all too conspicuous. And in Ho Chi Minh
City, it's just like the old days under the Americans.

Reports one visiting American in the Atlantic
Monthly: “Within five minutes of my hotel, l was of-
fered Buddhas plundered from Cambodia, rare
Chinese antiques, gold jewelry, sex with male or
female prostitutes, heroin, and a stamp collection . . .
l was asked to change money, buy cigarettes, get my
shoes shined, and sell my camera. i saw markets sell-
ing everything from US Navy silverware to the latest
cameras and stereos.” Ten years after the communist

 

military occupation of the city, capitalism is still the
rage in Saigon.

Not surprisingly. all of this "decadent materialism"
provokes more than a little consternation in the
Hanoi Politburo. After all, the vivacity of Saigon on-
ly underscores what has universally been described as
pervasive austerity in Hanoi. There is little time or
desire for diversion. Residents are less hospitable, and
frown on the “moral laxity" of the Southerners. in
short, Hanoi is drab. And it is this sort of totalitarian
drabncss that ilanol has attempted to inflict on the
South.

it was executed with typical communist brutality.
First, there were the "re-education camps."
Thousands, maybe hundreds of thousands of
southerners were herded into detention centers, sur-
passing those of the former regime in their inhumani-

 

 

 

 

ty. The inmates included: peasants, former ARVN,
Buddhists, Catholics, intellectuals, former VC,
students, “subversives,” "traitors," and of course
“countar-revolutionaries.” in addition to the shackling
and oVercrowding mentioned by Toai, prisoners are
subjected to hours of political indoctrination,
beatings, torture, below subsistence diets, and forced
labor.

After learning to parrot communist dogma, in-
mates are then likely shipped to the New Economic
Zones, regions somewhat less inocuous than their
designation would imply. Here, intheseremote,‘ lush
areas, prisoners are forced to perform such back-
breaking tasks as land clearing, vegetation removal,

and rice planting. Many have died from exhaustion .

and heat prostration. -

Nor is life much better for the average Vietnamese
peasant. Naturally, basic personal freedoms such as
the right to assembly, a free press, free speech, and
other such “burgoisie” concepts are denied. Viet-
namese live under the omnipresent guard of an in-
telligence network that would make the-Gestap

 . x ,. 

 
   

blush. Neighbors are encouraged to spy on one
another. Foreigners, even UN workers, are kept
under close surveillance. An American visiting the
South reports that when he approached a woman, she
fled shouting, "if they see me talking to you, they’ll
kill me." Such is life after giai phong.

“I am no! a Russian"

"i am not a Russian.” it is a phrase Westerners
would do well to remember when travelling in Viet-
nam. Although reports filtering out of Vietnam often
vary widely in their conclusions, one aspect has re-
mained consistent: nobody loves the Russians. The
reasons for this are complex, but surely one major
reason for the widespread dislike of the Russians is ,
their well-known cultural arrogance. The Soviets,

  :Ejio‘ss

Ph mg _   V 

by Robert Goodman

 

  

 

 

 

who number about 10,000 "advisers" plus
dependents, make no serious attempt to mingle with
the populace. They :are known to patronize bars and
restaurants, but they earn the ire of the southemers
by avoiding the markets. (They are often called
"Americans without dollars”)

To the Soviets, the contempt in which the Viet-
namese hold them must be surprising. The USSR pro-
vides Vietnam with $34 billion dollars in military
and economic aid, a serious drain on its economy. it
buys Vietnamese exports at subsidized rates and pro-

vides .Vietnam with-petroleum at prices well below ‘

the ma'rket value. In return for this substantial aid, the
Soviets have exacted a price: sovereignty.

it is sad, but true. After 30 years of brutal warfare
against foreigners, Vietnam is once again an occupied
land. First came the French, then the Japanese, then
the French again, then the Americans, and now the
Russians. in addition to the 10,000 "advisors," the
Soviets operate military bases at Cam Ranh Bay and
Da Nang. Last year, Soviet Marines conducted lan-
dings on Vietnamese soil.

The resentment of Soviet domination is so ram-
pant, that Russian tourists are not allowed to travel
beyond the limits of Saigon. Physical assault is a real
possibility for a lone Russian traveller in. the South.
Westerners who have travelled in the South in-
variably report being surrounded by indignant Viet-
namese shouting "Xien LoI Xien Lol.”

The popular dislike of the Soviets notwithstanding,
Vietnam remains slavishly responsive to Soviet
wishes. it can always be expected to vote the Soviets’
way in the UN. it even aids the Soviets in
Afghanistan, Central America, and in the building of
the Siberian gas pipeline. Vietnam is, in fact, held
hostage by its own addiction to Soviet aid.

Where’s the Peace?

War in lndochina is kind of like a game of
Monopoly: it doesn’t end until everyone is too tired
to go on. Unfortunately for the people orindochina,
Hanoi never seems to tire, and (as Americans well

 

 

 

Today Vietnam's foreign policy centers on three
different wars in which it is currently engaged.
Henceforth, a look at this policy which seems intent
on denying peace a chance.

Of Vietnam‘s three wars, the most obscure and

unreported is going on in neighboring Laos.
Although this nation fell to pro-Hanoi communist
forces in 1975, a stubborn tribe of Loatians, known as
the Hmong, refuse to be brought to heel. The Hmong
first fought for the CIA in the late 1960's in the so-
called Secret War. Tenacious fighters, they proved
useful to the US during the war. When the US pulled
out, however, the Hmong got a slap on the back and
a "Good Luck" from Uncle Sam.
v 'Now in 1985, the Hmong endure devastating at-
tacks by 40,000 Vietnamese occupation troops.
Many are forced to flee across the Mekong River,
where they languish in refugee camps. Those who re-
main in Laos face aerial bombardment, indiscriminate
killings perpetrated by the Vietnamese, and
something even more odious: yellow rain.

Reports began filtering out in the late 1970's.
Hmong refugees told of colored clouds of gases
descending on their villages. Then, they said, people
began "to jerk like fish out of water.” Blood poured
from their eyes, ears, nose, and mouth. After horrible
seizures, and 'violent convulsions, the victims died.
Yellow rain. Dropped from planes such as the
MiG-21 and the L-119, it has wrought death and
devastation on a proud people who have fought
alone against the odds, and who continue to bedevil
the Vietnamese.

..War number two involves a somewhat more
capable foe: China. it is a result of the sheer stupidity
of the Politburo that the most populous nation in the
world and a loyal ally should be turned into a bitter
enemy. But such is the case. Today the two nations,
once united against the US and the ARVN are locked
in a war of attrition. The reasons for this are many: a
longstanding border dispute, Vietnam's cozying up to
the USSR, and China's improved relations with the
US. But the last straw was Vietnam's invasion of
Cambodia in 1979. Shortly after this, China poured
troops into northern Vietnam. '

it was a bloody fight with casualties on both sides
running into the tens of thousands (in just over a
month of combat). China then withdrew, having
achieved its goal of "teaching Vietnam a lesson."
Sporadic clashes, artillery exchanges, spontaneous
firefights, and the constant threat of a “second lesson”
by China, forces Vietnam to keep its northern pro-
vinces permanently mobilized, further draining the
already strapped economy. The Vietnamese people,
of course, are not told of this. They hear only
mindless bleating over Radio Hanoi about the "heroic
and glorious struggle against Chinese imperialist ag-
gression." Glorious, perhaps, for the old men living
comfortably in Hanoi. For the people of Vietnam,
however, the war with China is nothing to cheer
about

35:] @lchcw ﬂork @imw
kiEfNAM A

:I" um.-

 

 

 

   

Ccorrb aka; aim”
granary IS SET FOR SA roRDAY

Willi It “to!

 

Yrars rrl War Leave
.5, ,, Dean Mark on Us
A - . . .

Vietnam’s Vietnam

imagine haggard young soldiers, constantly on the
alert for snipers, dcmoralized, disenchanted, sur-
rounded by an alien populace that is indifferent, if
not openly hostile, take drugs or desert to escape
thankless duty in a foreign land. American Gl's in
Vietnam? No. They are Vietnamese troops in Kam-
puchca (Cambodia) in t985. i will not indulge in
relishing the delicious irony of the Vietnamese
predicament. it is manifest. What should be noted
however, is the background of Vietnam’s third and

 

 

 

costliest war, the focus of its foreign policy:
Cambodia.

it reads like a soap opera. Sihanouk rules Cam-
bodia. Khmer Rouge try to overthrow Sihanouk. Lon
Nol topples Sihanouk. Sihanouk joins the Khmer
Rouge to oust Lon Nol. Lon Nol is ousted. Khmer
Rouge turn on Sihanouk, kill his children (and two
million other Cambodians). ‘Vietnam ousts Khmer
Rouge. Khmer Rouge rejoin with Sihanouk and with
Son San (who has fought both Sihanouk and the
Khmer Rouge) to fight Vietnam. Such is the maze of
Cambodian politics. it is into this mess that Vietnam
has thrown 180,000 troops, armed and supplied by
the USSR. The costs have been devastating. Vietnam
is isolated from its pro~Westem neighbors. it was
dealt a stunning setback in the UN, which refused to
recognize the new Vietnamese-backed government.
it has provoked China which supported the ousted
goverhment. And, worst of all, Vietnam has been
bogged down for six years in a guerrilla war.

The benefits of the Cambodian invasion? Vietnam
achieved Ho Chi Minh’s dream of a Hanoi controlled
lndochina. it has taken full advantage of Cambodia's
resources, shipping in hundreds of thousands of Viet-
namese to colonize the wealthiest areas. But best of
all, Vietnam can now hide its earlier, morally inex-
cusable support of the Khmer Rouge.

The Khmer Rouge were insane. There is no other
explanation for what happened. Following well-laid
plans, these truculant "revolutionaries" went about
slaughtering their own people. Two million, yes, two
million Cambodians were murdered by these so-
called liberators. Their inhumanity reached such dep-
ths, that by the late 1970's, even George McGovern
called for their armed overthrow —— which is exactly
what the Vietnamese did. Using Khmer Rouge at-
tacks on the Vietnamese border as a pretext, the Vieto
namese quickly ousted their former allies, claiming
that they only came to prevent further Khmer Rouge
genocide.

No doubt. Of course, Hanoi never could explain
why it blocked food aid to Cambodia, causing the
deaths of 700,000 people. Or why the new regime
consists of ex-Khmer Rouges. Or why its troops lobb-
ed grenades at innocent civilians (as at 0 Smach in
1083). Or why Cambodians are thrown off their own
land so that Vietnamese can move in.

The Cambodians, it seems, now have their giar'
phong.

Having endured intense hardship over 40 years,
Hanoi will not likely yield in the face of today's
.‘hallcnges. The war in Cambodia, the indolence of
:he South, the humiliating dependence on the USSR:
all of these take their toll. But if the old men in Hanoi
have learned one thing, it is that they can get what
they want if they wait long enough. And that is just
what they will do w wait, inured to the sufferings of
their neighbors and their people. “Nothing is more
precious," said Ho Chi Minh, "than independence
and freedom."

For the people of Vietnam, giai' phong has provid-
ed precious little of either. El

 

