 

4‘-

‘3'”

  

 

Sports Tuestﬁy

NOVEMBER 19, I985

 

 

 

The women cagers fell to
a team north of the
border in exhibition play
See page 27

 

 

 

NCAA rejectsAlbany

By Kristine Sauer

SPORE EDITOR

The Albany State football, team’s inability to control
their own destiny turned out to be the fatal blow totheir

dreams of an NCAA playoff berth.

Despite winning their last four games, including a 15-0
blanking of llth ranked Wagner College on Staten Island
on Saturday, the NCAA Committee predictably gave
away the four eastern playoff bids solely on the basis of
season records to undefeated Union, 9-1 Ithaca, 9-1
Montclair State and lO-l Western Connecticut.

Instead of facing one of these teams, the Danes travel
to New Hampshire this weekend for the one-shot ECAC
tournament, where they are pitted against Plymouth

State, another 8-2 team..

“If you give it (NCAA bid) to W. Connecticut, you
don’t have to explain anything,” said senior John Don-
nelly. “If you give it to us. there’s a lot of r-r' ' ' I

guess they didn’t want to explain.”

After the loss to Cortland. the Danes knew they had to
win their next four games, then pray that one of the teams
with one loss would be upset. When that didn't happen.
the Danes went into last week hoping that all of their if’s

would turn into realities.

The plan outlined four things, three of which had to
happen for the Danes to get their bid.

First of all, Albany had to knock 8-l Wagner out of the
playoff picture, which they did despite having to go up
against the llth ranked team under rainy conditions.
Ithaca had to beat Kings Point, which they did, ensuring
them a spot in the NCAAs and dropping the Mariners to
8-2. Then Albany needed Glassboro to upset Montclair

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

:-

where Albany's chances fell to pieces.

Montclair held onto its playoff slot by narrowly
beating Glassboro by one point. In the game’s final
seconds, a Glassboro player dropped the ball on the two-
point conversion that would have won the game. In Dan-

bury, Western Connecticut held off Hofstra in a 17-12

victory.

“We found out that Western Connecticut won on the

do that. ”

State or Hofstra to upset Western Connecticut. That‘s

ride home." said quarterback Mike Milano. “Still, we
were hoping that somehow we’d get it; I guess you can't

“We were just hoping that they’d look at the weight of
the schedule,” said junior Wayne Anderson. “I guess we
were waiting for a miracle.”

27>

Grapplers exhibit Classic form

By Cathy Errig
STAFF WRITER

Much to the delight of the Albany
State wrestling team, head coach Joe
DeMeo was proved wrong last
Saturday.

Prior to Saturday’s Great Dane
Classic. DeMeo had predicted that te
Danes would finish fifth, due to
their lack of returning champions.

As it turned out, however, the
Danes didn‘t need them, for after
Dane junior Chris Tironi edged out
teammate Ivan Katz for the
heavyweight title, it was announced
that the Dane grapplers had won the
Classic for the second consecutive

year.
“I was surprised," said senior co-
captain Jim Fox. “I didn’t know if

 

. '.

 

we could beat Syracuse or Spr-
ingfield, and I thought Boston
University would be tough, too."

Boston University was tough as
they sent, according to DeMeo, their
strongest team ever, scoring 46
points to finish fourth out of the 22
teams. Syracuse, scoring 54 points
was third, Springfield was second
with 78, and Albany first, with 85.

"During the ﬁnals I knew that
we‘d won it," said DeMeo. “I was
shocked. I thought we could be third
or fourth. This was the strongest
Great Dane ever."

Albany qualified wrestlers in three
of the final matches, Fox taking se-
cond to Springfield‘s Kevin
Castugnoia in the 150 lb. class,
junior transfer Jake Sabo winning

the 190 lb. class by forfeit, and
Tironi narrowly defeating Katz, l~0,
at heavyweight.

In addition, junior eo-captains
Shawn Sheldon and John Balog
placed third at 118 and 142. respec-
tively, and senior co-captain Marty
Pidell finished fourth at 177.

“What really won the match for
us was the way the guys performed in
their wrestle-backs,” said DeMeo.
“Shawn and John both lost heart-
breakers in the semis, and then they
showed real character in finishing
where they did.”

Sheldon. who had just returned
from Sweden five days earlier, where
he placed fourth in the Greco-
Roman World Cup, lost a controver-

  

 

 

MARK VACARELLI UPS

The Aiban State wrestling squad took the Great Dane Classic for the second consecutive year. Danes Jake
Saba and hrls Tironi won In the line 9.

 

Bad news from
Danbury kills
Danes’ chances

By Marc Barman
CONTRIBUTING EDITOR

Staten Island

Albany State football coach Bob Ford leaned against
the concrete wall outside the Wagner College‘s visiting
lockerroom. His team had just pulled out a gutsy 15-0
victory over the llth ranked school in the country. But
Coach Ford appeared glum.

In Danbury, Western Connecticut
was beating Hofstra. 

Ford spoke quietly to reporters
about his team's marvelOus defensive 
performance. He talked about the
rain. the mud and how sometimes the
best team doesn’t always win insloppy conditions. He
praised Wagner’s star freshman running back Terry
Underwood, who someday might wind up on a Divsion
I team. But his answers were brief . his voice was
somber. Not once did he smile.

In Danbury, Western Connecticut was beating
Hofstra.

Like most coaches, Ford is usually a chatterbox after
a Danes victory. After beating a good team, a reporter
can sit back and let Ford do most of the talking. Few
questions are required. Even after a tough loss. the
amiable Ford tries his best not to show his personal
anguish. The Danes had just beaten avery good team
Saturday. At a time when he should’ve been
celebrating. Ford’s spirits were at a low.

In Danbury. Western Connecticut was beating
Hofstra.

Ford‘s emotions were understandable. He woke up
on Saturday morning and read In the newspaper that
Montclair State had hung on to a one point victory Fri-
day night because a Glassboro State player dropped a
pass on a last-second two-point conversion. He looked
out his hotel window only to see rain droplets blocking
his view.

He knew that three things had to happen for his
Danes to clinch a NCAA playoff berth. His team had
to beat Wagner in the mud; the Danes' arch-rival,
Ithaca, had to topple Kings Point: Hofstra, losers of
three straight, had to come through against Western
Connecticut.

In Danbury, Western Connecticut was beating
Hofstra.

The word that Ithaca had defeated Kings Point.
2045, reached the Danes' dressing quarters. The
players seemed in a festive mood, unknowing of the
situation in Danbury. One player shouted that Albany
was going all the way. Another yelled to break out the
champagne. A bottle of champagne was opened, but
most of the players drank beer. .

In Danbury. Western Connecticut was beating
Hofstra.

Some players interviewed thought that Albany
would get the berth no matter what happened in Con-
necticut. Other players were more realistic, understan-
ding that past history has shown the best teams are not
always selected, only the ones with the best records.
The strength of a team's schedule is usually not con-
sidered. It didn't matter to the committee that 4-5
Hofstra was Western Connecticut’s toughest foe of the
year.

In Danbury. Western Canneticut was beating
Hofstra, 17- 12. Ten minutes remained and Hofstra had
a ﬁrst down on the Western Connecticut l9—yard line.
Quarterback Alan Squeri threw three incomplete
passes. On fourth down, he connected with James
Moore for a little more than nine yards. There was a
measurement, but the ball was spotted a foot short of
the first down marker. Western Connecticut took
possession.

Upstairs in the alumni room, Wagner coach and
NCAA committee member Walt Hameline addressed
the Wagner alumni association called the ‘Touchdown
Club‘. He told the members that Wagner will not be
going to the NCAA playoffs, but instead will be
selected for an ECAC bid.

He announced that the NCAA Eastern playoff teams
will probably be Union. Ithaca. Montclalr State and
either Albany State or Western Connectlcut depending
if Western Connecticut won today. A voice from the

p

 

>-~.-t'vc'i't'ch't'x'ti'...".*_ ..-,’,v.\w \~

PUBLISHED ATVTHE STA TE UNIVE

 
  

Friday
November 22, 1985

NUMBER 40

 

 

I Reagan muta' 'Sovlet leader Gorbachev earlier this week

“We're at least heading in the right direction?ng _ . V

Pses.psums-upi Genevapatteyg

Washington, DC.

(AP) President Reag. it, back home from the Geneva

summit, told a joint session of Congress Thursday night

he had a “constructive meeting" with Soviet leader

Mikhail Gorbachev and that together the two made a
“measure of progress" on arms control.

But the President said, “I can't claim we had a meeting

of the minds" generally, and his description of the arms

understandings included only the modest provisions car-
ried in a joint statement issued from Geneva.

In his 20—minute speech, the president also listed several

agreements to emerge from the talks:

' —A new agreement for cultural exchanges bet iecn
the United States and the Soviet Union, involving ainsts,

students, teachers and others.

—A decision to establish a new Soviet consulate in
New York and a new American facility in Kiev. This Will
give the United States a permanent presence in the

Ukraine for the first time in decades, Reagan said.

—-An accord, together with Japan, on a new Paciﬁc
air safety agreement. “What happened before must never

 

be allowed to happen again," Reagan said in reference to
a Korean Air Lines jet shot down by the Soviets in I983.

—He said he looks forward to welcoming Gorbachev
to the United States in I986, and said he has accepted an
' ' ‘ to" forthe"“ ' ,year.

“While we still have a long way to go, we’re at least

heading in the right direction,“ Reagan told the national-
ly televised session. "I gained a better perspective; I feel
he did too."
. Backhome after the first U.S.-Soviet summit meeting
in six years, Reagan declared that he, as well as everyone,
was “impatient for results" in the drive to improve super-
power relations. But he quickly cautioned that “goods. Iii
and good hopes do not always yield lasting results. Quick
fixes don't fix big problems."

“We don’t want a phony peace or a frail peace,” the
President said. “We did not go in pursuit of some kind of
illusory detente. We can't be satisfied with cosmetic im-
provements that won’t stand the test of time. We want

real peace. ’ ’
17>

Fuller Rd. dorms

, provements are to be the ﬁrst step of the makeover.

 

"of I987," Stevens said.

 

part of expansion
envisioned in ’64

By Jlm .Thompson
s-ru-r mum

SUNYA in a few years will look a little different as
the campus begins expanding to land purchased years
ago ah we Fuller Road. A 6 million dollar apartment-
style dormitories and accompanying road im-

Widening and repaving of the access road to Fuller
Road will be accompanied by new sidewalks and a
modern lighting system, said Dennis Stevens, assistant
vice president for plant facilities.

“After this road is completed it will look just like
Perimeter Road on campus,” he said. “The lights that
will be installed will make this area of new housing the
safest and best lit. The whole campus is undergoing an
upgrading of the lighting system.”

Stevens said the land to be developed was purchased
in 1964 to be used to expahd the campus, along with
the land the main campus was built on.

“Universities are around for a longer time than you
and I, and the need for expansion was thought out
beforehand during the original design of this college.
Now we are simply using it for the purpose it was
bought," said Stevens.

“This new construction will look nothing like the
dorms we have now — they will be of an apartment
style. This construction should be completed by the fall

“Right now we are in the preliminary stages and r
have no blueprints as of yet," he said. “The decision of
choosing a contractor has not been discussed since the
construction is so far off. The problems of student ac-
cess and the possible re—routing of buses is not yet
under consideration," said Stevens.

16>

  

J.
.,
t?"
. , nth.
University Vice-President Lewis Welch
“We haven't reached the blueprint stage yet"

 

 

lot of winners with 442 numbers - it’s

‘Let it Be’ is number one with C08 listeners

By James F. O‘Sulllvan
NEWS EDITOR

The Beatles topped the charts in
WCDB-9lFM’s first-ever listeners survey
broadcast Thursday night, taking number
one with “Let It Be."

About 400 ballots were cast and over
2,000 songs were nominated. according to
WCDB DJ Greg Rothschild.

The survey “covers just about every
field of music there is . . . the countdown
is as diverse as WCDB is." said DJ Chris
Clarke, who also helped organize the
event.

“It's a mixture of new wave. hardcore,
60‘s music, 70‘s music. 80's music -

»  ‘ '
1
WCDB s Top-10
1. Let it Be, The Beatles
1 2. American Pie, Don Maclesn
3. Stairway to Heaven, Led Zeppelin
4. Romeo and Juliet, Dire Straits
5. Holiday In Cambodia. Dead Kennedys
6. I Will Follow, U2
7. Alison, Elvis Costello

. , U2
' - 9. Babe O'Relliy, The Who
I 0. Save It for Later, English Beat

 

rare," he said. explaining that most of the
station‘s audience tends to live downtown.

DJs Olga Colletti, Rob Isbitts, and An—
dy Skibins also worked during the show,
said Rothschild, noting that it took eight
hours to count the ballots.

“Let It Be" received twice as many
votes as the number two song, Don
MacLean's “American Pie," said
Rothschild. who declined to give exact
numbers.

As for other groups, U2 had the most
songs (6). including “I Will Follow" and
“Pride”, in the top ten. Both the Beatles
and the Who had two songs in the top IS.

And will the Countdown increase

 

 

everything," added Rothschild.

Although WCDB has broadcast its
“Top 50" In the past. said Rothschild, the
“Top 9t Countdown" is unique because it
Is based on a listener's poll rather than the
station's playlist.

“We were a little afraid of what it. was
going to come out like, [but] it's such a

fantastic cross-section of the music we
play." he said.

Both Clarke and Rothschild said there
was a great deal of interest in the survey
and that many people tuned In Thursday
night's seven hour and 25 minute show.

“Between 40 and 60 people call every

time we have a giveaway." said Clarke.
Rothschild said the figure was as much as
eight times the number of responses receiv-
ed on a regularly scheduled broadcast.

In addition to the volume of responses,

listenership? “Who can say definitely? I
hope 50," said Rothschild.

“It’s what the listeners want to hear and
I think it’s working." added Clarke.

 

said Rothschild, the countdown r,
ly helped WCDB reach out to audiences
who don't regularly tune in. “We have a

For the complete Countdown list set: this
issue ’5 Aspects.

 

