 

 

 

Fan appreciation

Love of winning has never been a
characteristic of a true New York Mets fan.

There have always been suspicions ' of a
sadistic streak in all those_who’ve managed to
remain loyal through some of baseball’s most
humiliating moments. and in those who’ve
helped cheer on those hard fought battles for
the proud distinction of ﬁnishing in the cellar
. . . again.

For real Mets fans. winning a whole game
was too much to hope for, so we learned to
settle for baseball’s smaller pleasures, like an
errorless inning, or an attempt at nailing a
base stealer in which the ball did not go over
the second baseman’s head. And we justified
all the unneccesary walks by saying the pitcher
was ‘just setting up for the double play.’ ‘

That’s all over now. This year, the Mets
gave us a taste of victory. For once we were
rooting for a team that was a contender. The
Mets became regulars on Monday night
baseball and Dwight Gooden became the talk
of the town, if not the nation.

As the victories piled up, the momentum
grew, and we all started to think about the
division title and then, of course, a subway
series. Suddenly, for the first time in years,
every Met pitch was crucial. every run was im—
portant; we had become much less forgiving
than we’d been in the past. '

The Rat was crammed with students anx-
iously awaiting every pitch, near sell—out
crowds were attending the games, and the
players became celebrities. New York became
so entranced with the Mets that not even
George Steinbrenner’s antics could take that
away.

But the spell was broken on Saturday. Not
only because St. Louis dashed all Met hopes
of the division title by beating Chicago, but
because Met manager Davey Johnson let us
down.

As the final score of the Cardinals game
was posted in the middle of the eighth inning,
more than 50,000 people stood up and cheered
in unison, applauding the Mets for an
outstanding season, pennant or no pennant.

Johnson, however, had a different attitude:
once he couldn’t have first: place. it seems he
just gave up. right in the middle of the eighth
inning.

The Mets went into the ninth inning losing
4-2 to Montreal. Johnson brought Wes Gard-
ner, in to pitch the ninth. The Expos started
hitting him immediately, eventually tagging
him for four runs. Johnson just sat there. Not
only did he not have any relief warming in the
bullpen, he didn't even go out to the mound to
settle Gardner down. Had the division titile
still been at stake, we all know Johnson would
not have stood by like that.

The sell-out crowd at Shea had just made it
quite clear that the pennant race wasn't the
only reason why they were there. What they
came to see was nine innings of baseball: agg-
gressive ball that has become a Mets
trademark. instead. they saw a sore loser.

The Mets went on to score another run in
the bottem of the ninth. Had Johnson made
an effort to hold Montreal to its four runs. we
might have seen a very exciting ninth inning.

This doesn't detract from his performance
as manager this year; he is to be commended
for the excellent season the Mets had. His
poor sportsmanship though. was never more
evident than in the ninth inning.

ironically, Saturday was fun apppreciation
day. Johnson sure had a funny way of show-
ing it.

 

.v A. Lajos-Juan ,- Ill":l-’"INIM’~-‘v‘a y ~_~. n.»  . ,

 

AMERlCliS
BACK!

     

\

p. s which"... uglr’VoJ‘ w -~-'t

.e-u-.. readout...“ an o. l.......-.;..,u- m...

 

 

7‘. Elm El

 

 

 

 

 

 

A 'pOin‘t of, hiStory

If not for the long drawn out rhetoric being outrageous
and ultimately counterproductive, well then, there would
be no inspiration to write about the i‘Vietnam War."

Did America get its tail whipped? Perhaps if Ho Chi
Minh were still alivebe would certainly sayso. According
to a biographer, a French Journalist (i forget the precise
name), the Vietnam War was a conflict initiated by native
Vietnamese once and for all achieve total national in-
dependence and sovereignity.

I Fred Tabaracci~ —|

in fact they, the Vietnamese, have almost succeeded in
this regard too. Vietnam -— historically — has been
brought to its knees by various European and Asian ag-
gressors during the past. The most notable European na-
tion to conquer Vietnam was France. Hence, Vietnam
was formerly referred to as "French indochina“ on pre-
Vietnam War maps and globes generally.

However, sometime around the period of 1948—49, the
post WW ll era. the Vietnamese peoples of the North
under the leadership of Ho Chi Minh managed to boot
the French out of Hanoi and the surrounding territories.

But not to be forgotten, Japan also had succeeded in

‘ subjugating the Vietnamese as well. While WW II was in
progress, Japan conqured Vietnam. The French col-
onialists were allowed to maintain the governorship of
Vietnam. but only such that everything was overshadow-
ed by the Japanese lmperial command.

Then at the end of WW ii. the Japanese relinquished
command to the British. in kind, the British turned over
Vietnam back to the French. However, by that time Ho
Chi Minh had garnered'the support and confidence of
Communist Russia, aka —— the USSR, and Communist
China. aka — the Peoples Republic of China,(PRC).

And so North Vietnam achieved their independence.
How did America become involved? Simple —' Western
‘interests, exports/imports etc., were in jeapordy because
Minh sought to expand his nationalism into South Viet-
nam too, Just to name a few items exported from French
lndochina —— rice, fish. and rubber.

But more so. America sought to contain the
treacherous inﬂuence of communism. By the peak of the
Vietnam War there were 500,000 Americans ﬁghting the
Vietnamese. Yet, there was still no clearly deﬁned pur-
pose for US soldiers to be there. The reason “to thwart
communism” just wasn't good enough for the folks back
in the states who had been asked to send their children to
w

 

 

ar.
By the late l960's the Vietnam War was perceived by
Americans basically along two very different paths:
— The US was ﬁghting to push back communist aggres-
sion instigated by the USSR and PRC.
— The US was ﬁghting a war to deny the Vietnamese peo-
ple their basic rights of independence and soverignity.
in respect to thwarting communism America was ap-
parently in the right. The communist way of life espoused
by the USSR and the PRC, is unequivocally responsible
for millions of Unwurranted deaths this century. And so
America was stepping in to put a stop to the senseless
starvation, injustice. and executions, that result of
communism.

Yet, as far as the Vietnamese pcoples' right to achieve
their freedom. well, America was in the wrong. The US
supported regimes in Saigon. never gained the popular
support of their citizens. The majority of South Vietnam
perceived their leaders as puppets of the West. And look-
ing back upon how South Vietnam leaders conducted the
administration of the country there is no wonder why

 

they never receive popular support from their people.
And so in the ﬁnal analysis. maybe America did lose
the Vietnam War  but if so, then the North Vietnamese
also lost. ‘
The North Vietnamese fought, rather admirably, for
independence and sovereignty, but now in the 1980’s
what have they really achieved thus far?.They adopted

. _ communism as their way of life, and as a result they ap-

parently have compromised the fundamental freedoms
which so'many Vietnamese gave their lives for.

Vietnam is now subordinate to the USSR instead of the
French or the Japanese. The Soviets are now building
massive Strategic Naval Base at what was oncethe US
Naval Base at -Can Ranh Bay, and the gavernment of
Vietnam has no say in the matter whatsoever. Aside from
that. the people of Vietnam have been unable to produce
enough food and basic supplies to sustain themselves and

are thus absolutely dependent upon the USSR for this'as ‘

well.

So where is the independence, not to mention sovere~
ingnty? The Vietnamese simply traded in" one yoke of col-
onialist subordination for another yoke. But if the Viet-
namese feel better for it...well fine, let them be.

But what about America? Yes, we had to pull out of
Vietnam. if this means we lost...then America lost the
Vietnam War. Nevertheless, losing a war surely doesn‘t

mean that those ﬁne young American men and women .

died in vain.

All nations, especially great blessed nations, have to
confront and address moral dilemmas of the highest
magnitudes during their existence on this Earth. Just
pause for a moment and look back upon the history of
mankind. Why did the .Byzantines, Romans, Greeks.
Egyptians, etc.. decline and fall? .

Throughout their respective histories, everything was
perfect up until the point when they lost a major battle, or
war. Then because the citizens of these ones great nations
were unable or unwilling to cope with losing a war.‘those
people lost faith in whatever it was their nation stood for.

Now then. up'until America was' founded in 1776,
when one great nation fell another one emerged from
within the despair to take over, The world has changed
since then, though. This time around, if America ever tell
there will be no'bther' great nation to take over'where we
leave off. When the New World was discovered, the earth
was then totally circumnavigated. Just go visitle nation
on earth —— America is every nation‘s hope foralie future
of mankind. ‘ - ' ‘ ‘ ~ ‘ _.

Finally. with the advent of the nuclear use. war and
peace ——- as perceived by pre-nuelearcivilizstion — no
longer exists. War andpeace is now obsolete, a dream of
the past and gone'forever. Perhaps before the dawn of the
nuclear era the survivors of wars could be guaranteed a
place, a nation, to start over and rebuild. Not in the
nuclear age. There will be no place left to go.

if anything, the Vietnam War will go down in history
as at least a stepping stone of American history. Or. if
you so desire, it can also godown as the point in lime
signalling the decline and fall of a once great. nation.

There was no real winner or loser in Vietnam. There
never was, and there never will be. There are no winners
in war and peace. America, unlike any other nation in
history. is made up of peoples from all walks of life.
Peoples -— Families of differing race. creeds. WWW“:
virlucS. and more. There is no reason for war. and that is
why America decided to end the Vietnam War.

America's ﬁnest men and woman didn’t die in vain.
Their memories will live on forever because they knew
that America would live forever. D

 

 

 

>\\‘.\.\A\A'\A\

 

. . .0,  .1 o. .
Feminist Alliance
To the Editor: t V  - ,

What is Feminist Alliance? This was a major question
addressed at our ﬁrst interest meeting. Unlike some other

campus organizations, it is not a group devoted to a single ..

speciﬁc activity. Instead we work to meet the needs and
interests of our members and all women on campus. 'if
you have an idea of 'what you would like Feminist
Alliance to be, we are eager to hear from you. We
welcome suggestions and encourage you to‘bring ~your
contributiOns to our next ‘meeting. Feminist Alliance will
be what you want it to be. . ' '

A very enthusiastic group met last Thursday and
started making exciting plans for, fall. Our ﬁrst activity
was participation in the Take Back the Night march on
October 4. Everyone who feels women have the right to
walk safelky down their streets after dark was strongly
encouraged to attend this event. Later this fall we hope to
have Martha Mollison come share videotapes of her ex-
perience at the-NOW convention in‘Nairobi this summer.

If Feminist Alliance sounds‘iriiei'es‘tiiig‘arid‘fun to you.
we welcome you and invite you to our next general in-
terest meeting, Thursday, October 10 at 7:30, location‘t
be announced. We are looking forward to an exciting.
successful year andhope you will join us.

' . ‘ —Klmbeﬂy.llardt
Feminist Alliance

The forgotten quad

To the Editor: g

i am writing this letter today to protest this University's
blatant policy of ignoring Alumni Quad. Wherever we
“downtowners” turn we are confronted by continued
references to SUNYA’s four quads. The last time i
counted, i came up with five. '

We are constantly reminded of our general lack of
school spirit, but when we do try to participate in Univer-
sity functions, we are ignored‘ and forgotten. it is an ef-‘

fort for us to get to these functions. but we are more than

willing to do so. _ '

This brings me to' my first gripe: the bus system. We'

have to ride the ‘.‘Green machines" to get where we're go-
ing, namely, back homeatﬂnight. Yet, the University
neglectslhis fact and stops bus service on weekends at

12:05 'a.m.:-This means we haveathreechoices: not par-‘ .

 

@spectcs

f scum In ma

Heidi J. Guild. Edllorln Chlol

Dun Ghana. Mensa/no Editor
John Keenan, Senior Edltor

llaln Olmbou. Jamel O'Stllllnn
................. ..llnna Wolnaloln

I alnsbom
Mind!” Editor .......................................................... ..l|h Spoiling

‘ ulnnnl Eat,
{columnar-e;

 

   

 

Contributing Idlers Dun Boll. Wayne Pooreboom. Editorial Mlllllnht
Rachel Bmlow.‘ Ken Dumb-um. Bette Dumbo, Bill Jacob. Pam activator-
man. Davld Wartholntltall when: Karen Bock. Dave Biotin. Lnlle Chan, Ian
Clements. Pun ponway, Mlka Donn-natty. uu Jackal, Stacey Kern. Mull
Kobrlnaky, John Labels. Corey Lovlten, Mllts Macho-m, J. Michael Melee.
Michael Skolnlalt. .' ,, ' . ' r r -

lurolo Ito-«M'swniuw‘mmi - ‘
launchi- Roll-nun. Associate business Mum ' i
. luau «goon, mu nut-m, «mung Manned .
’ Den Menu, salu Manager - ,

  

- in...

. _v—w~v.

" - nuns Dillbelto
Advertising III-a: Karon Amulet. Frank Dole, Draw Pong. Rich Ult. Michelle
Pllatl W mum Ono hhnndl. Ellom emu. Jill Gentile, Juno:
hauler. Keith manta, Alyu Marcella. Anmttl Muller, Sharon Rood. Etlo
Roth Qltlae Inn: Jennller Chalice, Andy Cohen. Amy Bilbor. Rob Msrlnelll

Motel- Claude. Production Manager ‘
Chlol ..... ..‘.L ........ ..l ............................................ ..Junnlna Dianqu
Twists: Joan Chrilllmo, Jodi Jacobs, Pam Blraubol'. Platoon: Llu Bullion.
Kirsten Grill. Eleven Fish-ﬂy, Gnu Flood. Evan Hines, E. Phllllp Hoover, 0.
barrel em. M.D.‘lhornpson, Sonia Valentin Chennai": Jim Lally

New, Wholly supplied by Unlunlty Photo “Moo. a student
ohm  Kenny Kirsch on Ila": Michael Aokorman, snarl Albert.
Myrna arm. John Curry. Lynn Dnlius, Chuck Gin-born. Em Mum. Mani
Medlavllla. Llu almlnonl, Llnnn aperllna, Erle- Bplepsl. Tanya Steele,
Howard Tynu. Mutt Vocuelll

shun munc- mm ms Albany lludenl me Corporation, all nam
served.

 

n

The Albany ltuoent Prue il publllhno Tusedsyl Incl Frldayl between
August and June by the Albany student Press Corporation. an Independent
not-lnr‘plolll corporation.

Edltorlm are written by the Edltor ln Chlol with members at the Editorial
Board: policy In subject to review by the Edllorlll Board. Advent-Ina policy
does not necessarily millet editorial policy.

Mallan address:
Albany student Prue. CG m
“00 Wuhlllglon Ave.
Albany. NY 12222
(610) “le

act accordingly.

 

 

 

 

‘ ticipating in the University's nighttime activities, paying

for an unnecessary taxi ride. or walking the three miles
back home. None of these choices are very appealing, nor
are they necessary. Couldn't the University ﬁnd it in its
heart (and pocketbook) to spend a few more dollars and
keep the buses'running a little later, perhaps until l:00
a.m.? Maybe the money could come from the temporary

' (and superﬂuous) $500,000 athletic bubble.

My second gripe is also with the bus system, and .he

' residents of the four uptown quads. Alumni, Wellington

and off-campus residents must use the bus system to get
back and forth. These “uptowners” abuse the system and
often prevent the “downtowners” from even getting on
'the buses because, especially on weekends, the “up-

. towners" are ﬂocking to the bars downtown. i believe

that there should be a policy (e.g. special stickers) which
allows Alumni, Wellington. and off-campus residents the
.privilege of getting on the buses first and then, if there’s
room, lets others on. It may seem unfair and biased, but
we are going home for the night, whereas they are only
going out to get drunk. >

My third and final gripe is with University Cinemas.
The people running this organization are highly inept.

They refuse to sell tickets a reasonable time in advance. '

This creates long lines outside the theater and delays of at
least '15 minutes in starting, thus causing the movies to
run later than necessary. Then, if we’re lucky we
downtowners must pile on the last bus of the night if it
hasn’t already gone. The Student Association provides
University Cinemas with about $30,000 a year. i think it's
about time that SA looks at who they give our money
away to. Let‘s get some intelligent people into leadership
of such a popular activity.

i hope i have opened a few eyes with my thoughts ‘

because i think that groups ignored by the University are
an integral part of this community. it's a shame that this

letter had to be written, but if the University wants our in- -

volvement, they must begin to recognize our needs and

—Michael Kohut

Inadequate parking

To.the Editor:

Being a Resident Assistant. i can understandthevpro~
blems of bureaucracy and red tape on this campus. But i
refuse to accept the lack of common sense. This letter is
addressing the parking problem, specifically on lndian
Quad. From my own first hand experience i can say that
there were always open spaces in the lndian Quad parking
lot last year. This year. unfortunately due to increased oc-
cupancy, there isn't. l’m not asking for a high rise park-
ing complex or even an additional balcktop lot, all i ask is

the clearing of a couple of yards of brush and new boun- 

daries for parking. By doing these two steps there could
be enough parking for an additional l5-20 cars. The
equipment is on campus to accomplish this simple deed
and the need is there. Why mount additional pressures on
the student by making him/her worry about whether or
not there will be parking available or if they will get a
ticket?

—Steven H. Zirkel

Save civil rights

To the Editor:

in 1963 President John F. Kennedy stated the obvious
when he noted that “Every American ought to have the
right to be treated, as one would wish his children to be

' treated. This is not the case." With this statement. Presi-

dent Kennedy urged a national commitment to the protec~
tion of civil rights for all Americans.

A central aspect of this new commitment was the adop-
tion of a national policy of afﬁrmative action in order to
remedy the injustices of the past experienced by women
and non-white Americans. For the past 20 years this com-
mitment has been continued.

The election of President Reagan has now come to
mean the termination of this national commitment to civil
rights for all Americans. This has been demonstrated
quite graphically by the efforts of William Bradford
Reynolds. head of the Justice Department's civil rights
division. and Edwin Meese 3d, the Attorney General.
who have repeatedly called for a color-bling society in
which no one would receive preferential treatment
because of race. To iomplement this color-blind society.
Reynolds and Meese are reported to be presenting a new
executive order to Reagan that will effectively end affir-
mative action at the federal level.

The Reynolds and Meese effort conflicts with the posi~
tion of Reagan's Labor Secretary Bill Brock. Mr. Brock
told the convention of the National Association for the
Advancement of Colored People in June 1985, that "this
country is going to have some form of affirmative action
for the foreseeable future" to overcome the “remarkable
disadvantage" to which blacks were once subjected.

Unfortunately for this nation, Bill Brock apparently

does not reﬂect the views of President Reagan while
Reynolds and Meese do. As Chairperson of the New York
State Assembly Sub-Committee on Afﬁrmative Action. 1
am shocked by this abandonment of a commitment to
civil rights by our national leaders.

if these leaders would take the time to read their
history. they would ﬁnd that it demonstrates the impor-
tance which color and sex have played in our natiuonal
development. if color had not been such an important
element in our national conscience, then perhaps there
would not hth .een a Civil War in the 1860's.

The need for continued commitment to a policy of af-
ﬁrmative action at the federal level is clear if the “disad-
vantages” of the past experienced by women and non-
white Americans are forever to be eliminated. The one ex-
ception to this emphasis on color was also noted by Presi-
dent Kennedy in 1963 when he stated that “No one has
been barred on account of his race from ﬁghting or dying
for America — there are no ‘white' or ‘colored' signs on
the foxholes or graveyards of battle.”

~Cynlhla Jenkins
Member of Assembly

Job placement gripe

To the Editor:

Something has been bothering me since returning to the
university this semester. The issue at hand has to deal
with the “discriminatory” policies of the University when
it comes to job placement. The system makes us crave
success yet is unable to guide us in reaching our ultimate
goal: getting a good job. A good example of the Univer-
sity’s discriminatory policies is best evidenced by Accoun-
ting Majors. School has not been in session for more than
four weeks and Accounting Majors have had resume due
dates, mock interviews, and some have even been in con-
tact with prospective employers — all this under the do-
ings of the University! Well, what about the rest of the
majors in the University? Don’t we account for anything
(no pun intended)? l was told that this situation occurs in
other Universities as well; that it is a tradition for accoun-
ting firms to recruit on campuses, that accounting majors
are somewhat of a small club. and that accounting as a
major is the most "prestigious." To v me. this is
discrimination and i feel that no one should be overlook-
ed at SUNYA when it comes to job placement. it's time
for all students of all majors to get a fair shot at the “real
world” with the help and guidance that our University
has the ability to offer.

——Name withheld

Music Council

To the Editor:

Attention all music lovers.

This is to inform you of an important, but often-
neglected cainpus organization. Music Council is an SA
funded group, designed to promote on campus musical
events. contact noted professional artists for SUNYA
performances, and bring about a greater awareness and
associated with the music department, but we are basical-
ly a student-run organization. We need the assistance of
enthusiastic, ambitious students who wish to help with
publicity, fund-raising, receptions, and ushering —- gain-
ing experience and having a good time as well. Music
Council ofﬁcers and members are always open to each
other's suggestions -— your ideas will be heard. '

Among the events planned by Music Council during the
coming year is a Young Artists Concert Series, the ﬁrst
such series at the university in ten years. Featured per-
formers will be: acclaimcd ﬂutist Gary Shocker
(November 6), and pianist Anne Marie McDermott
(February 6), who performed with the Albany Symphony
Orchestra last fall. Many student concerts and recitals are
in the works, such as a Noontime Concert Series (all stu-
dent musicians are urged to perform). and the day—long
music marathon, taking place on October 30. which
features both faculty and student performers. The
tricentennial anniversary of Bach, Handel and Scarlatti
has brought us harpsichordist Kenneth Cooper for a con—
cert on October 18; this event has been partially funded
by Music Council.

Music and the arts are alive and well at SUNYA. But
we need your participation and support to help promote
these activities and raise awareness. Join Music Council,
and be a voice in the Albany musical life.

’ «The Music Council

 

Bring your letters up to CC
329 with your name and
phone number on it.

 

 

 

 

 

