~ 4"”‘4a Aspects

r .s to venture 
bany

by Rina Young' -

 

the trip.

 

The esthetic eye

Two and a half weeks ago a new exhibit opened at
the New York State Museum entitled “The Educated
Eye." The exhibit is amassed from 25 of the 64 collec-
tions of art that the SUNY galleries hold. My
misconception of the exhibit before I saw it was that it
would contain work done by various faculty and
students of the SUNY system. However. it is an im-
pressive cross section of some of the most important
art ranging from ancient tribal art to contemporary art.

Under the auspices of the curator. John C. Riordan.
over 400 art objects were brought together and arrang-
ed by theme. Varied artists such as Andy Warhol and
Edward Manet are presented on the same wail of the
exhibit under the theme of portrait. perhaps a first for
the two artists. The presentation is uncommon but it
works in a way that the unexpected manages to
pleasantly surprise us.

The 19 themes that are focused upon include: the
landscape. myth and literature in art. Christian Art.
Eskimo sculpure. Tribal Arts. the portrait. everyday ob-
jects. ceramics and glass. fashion design. art, society
and the individual. America in the 19305. the human
figure and its space. modern Japanese abstract art.
abstract and non-objective art and the fantastic and the
Surreal. The other four groups are arranged around the
works by the artists Charles Burchfield. Frank Lloyd
Wright. Milton Avery and Rockwell Kent. This allows
you to study the artist's work mere in depth.

The juxtaposition of such a wide range of artists and
movements allow you to compare the way in which ar- The exhibit will remain on view at the museum until
lists from different times and places have approached September second. which means that you'll get that
the same subject. Something that would otherwise well needed and worthwhile chance to go back more
necessitate a visit to a number of different galleries or than once,

Songs of the Fields

museums.

While some collections focused ‘the landscape' or
'everyday objects.‘ others allowed the viewer to see art
that is not part of our everyday experience. For exam
pie. the group of Japanese modern abstract pieces
were of a different mode of absiractlsm than the
American movement. Yet the gestural brush strokes
and the intensity of color reminded me of the work done
in the 40s when the American Abstract impressionist
movement. headed by De Kooning and Pollock. was
beginning to form.

Another unusual art form. Eskimo Sculpture. was
one that l was not very familiar with. The Dorset Eskimo
Sculpture. which once flourished in Canada. disap-
peared when the culture died out. It was revived by a
Canadian artist in the late 40s This form of sculpture
which is known for its delicasy of insised stone carving
varies In style encompassing both realism and abstrac-
tion. The same techniques of direct carving are still us-
ed to create a type of sculpture that examines the
nature of contemporary man. yet is also reminiscent of
ancient thoughts and beliefs.

it Is impossible to cover the range of art that the ex-
hibit holds in one trip. For both the educated viewer as
well as the one not familiar with art history. this exhibit
is not only excellent in the breadth of its collection. but
also for the manner that the diverse works of art are
arranged.

Albany is not New'York City. ifound the out on my 59
coming into. its own}. in the’ppst' two yea s. with the-op
Erickman Gallery. capital Repertory Thea . The Gallery
Mo'on cafe offers nightly. Albany Is breed ng its own mo , _ ‘

Demographically speaking. Albany has : ays had a rel lvei‘ s
tures in the area. Everybody is aware of t s fact. Albany§wlli never be as
Francisco or even close.'However. the ef rts of some artisticall
number of places to go for theatre. dance. and the visual “art

Give them credit: many ofvthe art galleries In the area try to
terested in art is slowly growing. Many of the new rec‘rultsare'actu l
owners are not particular about this. I r ' ‘ ‘

Students. whoby nature are atransleni breed. often don
It to get involved. Sometlm‘es‘we don't eve have a bus tic

.tour covering only a small part of what the area has to offertth’e ey
the cold and snow. but when you need a is salt from the bricks; mo

   

 

   

 

 

\_ ' .. Vi‘ " , - I ‘.  ‘.
.‘t‘i {it ‘lg‘i‘i‘l‘iiigzvfimwij‘ 1 '“
tit tilt"; ";iiilv“.t’l"f'“ti ‘ i-Mti  "
-. -‘ i" We}. lit-iff’rt" ’4‘ ill 4“ i «
. I'll Villa“... Wt é  "i‘ '-.‘

j ’ .\ ‘V 'f.

“it   if 1‘ 
I i  I.

An exhibition of pastel chalk paintings by Leo
Loomie recently opened at the Harmanus Bieeker
Center. These paintings explore the Hudson
River landscape. Using pastel chalks as hIs
medium. Loomie has captured the vibrant color of
the landscape and intensified Its hues in his per-
sonal vision of the motif. Like Van Gogh. the burn‘-
ing intensity of color Is his personal experience of
the landscape before him. I had the opportunity to
talk to Mr. Loomie who explained how he uses his
palette to transpose the natural color and form of
the motif so that. as a result. It merely becomes
his reference point. Loomie picks something out
of the motif to dominate his painting and builds
around it. In one case. he saw alone apple tree In
the distance and from this he created an 'orchard.
In effect. fantasy becomes his emotion. and emo-
tion becomes his art.

 

 
 
 

   

        

--,\¢

1‘

 

  
   
 
  
  
 
  
  
   
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
   

 

The iuchslas and magentas combine with the
deep indigo to recreate the tension of night
yielding to day.

Loomie uses pastel chalks for their richness of
color as well as the spontaneity of treatment they
allow. Speed becomes a technique in his painting
because. like the Impressionists. he must catch a
specific point in time. He describes the motion
and intensity oi his work with the Japanese word
“chee”. meaning "life force." Loomie relates
directly to the landscape without lnteilectuallzing
it because he feels that when he begins to explore
and understand what lies before him. he works in
a very predictlbie way. '

Loomie, emphasizes the color in nature and'
uses it as his chief weapon In the classic battle ol‘
nature and the artist. Since the motif can threaten
to dominate the artist. his use of brilliant. almost
blinding hues is his way of impressing himself
upon the motlf.-One may still be able to recognize
the landscape for what It Is. but can't ever be sure
where reality ends and fantasy begins.

 

...,..m..1,.4 Tswana-w...

 

 

 

   

"Dawn in the Wetlands." similar In composition
to Monet's haystacke. gives the viewer the mar-
shy feeling of the earth In the Instant before dawn.

   

 

    

 

The Valentine show at the Hamm
Brickman Gallery entitled “Eros Arriv-
ing" commemorates the season of love.
, The fanciful ilutterings of the heart are
. rendered by the gallery artists in the
' ‘ theme of love and eroticism.

David Brickman. the mind behind the
emotion, had the idea of the show as a
way for people to realize that "art Is fun.
exciting. affordable and that area artists
are producing lt.,The show was a way to
extend this idea to the community. to pull
» them In and show them what can go on."
And who could resist a tug at the heart
When your eye glances around at first.

 

 
  
  
   
  
   
   
  

 _' the a-dlmenslonal polyethylene foam'

sculpture by Leila Amaifitano.
"Castaways." floats out tozyou In 5

hearts with bright hues as well as muted
" tones of color. In a two dimensional
mode. her three heart-pieces feature the

'low values of pigment. * ‘

pulls you in. charged with the intensity of
' :the couple's lovemaking in the muted
.5 lcolors of orange. green andpurpie.‘ in
'her mixed media constructionepthe
bright and engaging atmosphere of
' festivity are portrayed in “From-Behind
‘ That Closed Door" and "Love
Overridlng." _1 V   

In contrast. many of WIIileyMarioWelit'
pieces are small works matted in slams
white backdrops. This balances" the
charged intensity ‘ of the -ooicra.jtf\at
I sometime! bled Into each othcriieli In

variationlapnrthe heart motif. ‘ - 5*“ .r

 

   

   

y-mln'dedso‘ul have roughtus anincreaslng

upportLare‘a. artist
I

  

 know enoug
ket to get there.-

technicolor oasis of a tropical Island of

technicolor brights as well as the deep.

Lori Lawrence's painting "Armistice"

are; an

is of; uli'ure.

l tion livlllln‘g to support creative ven-
Iturally intense as New York er san-

   
 

about witat out there and‘ how to find
but that's another stery. Here's a mini-

d mind. It'slt'o’u'gh to get outside through. ‘
the body topleasethegsoui is well worth

 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
     
 

The mixed media drawings of George
Simmons abstracted the emotion of love
withrtltlee stich as “Scissors in My
Heart." "Lost in Love." “Love Camp"
and the symbiotic reaches of love In
“There's a Spot on My Back i Can't
Reach." The strokes of color were
reminiscent of the first lines on a De
Kooning. gestural. but solid Inform.

Three of the larger pieces in the show
were by Wendy Willams. from her “Em-
brace” series. They brought to mind the
darker moods of emotion. The raw lines
and muted edges of couples. rendered In
charcoal with conte and acrylic. were
erotic in both their warmth and
alienation.

On the Iighterside were the- "Objects
d'Heart" by Charles Steckler. Filling the
window of the gallery was a royal throne.
the literal depiction of the heart as the
seat of emotion. The golden chair
became a heart tree with foil and trusel
and glittering hearts of different sizes
sprouting at you from all angles. lnstde.

t his array of hearts on the wall ranged the
‘mediums from pink feathers. foil. tinsel.

painted out paper. pen and ink strokes
with gold thread and a large glass oval
‘frame surrounding a' velvet padding of a
golden heart.

- . I in additionto the humorous attacks-oi.-

hoart. were two collages done by Daniel
Brickmtln. whose photograp y has
caught the eyes of many galleries. There
are also other works by the gallery artists
on dlapley'that are elaolooaely related to

the show. ‘ if j,

 ‘ ofpeopie'ln-U '
' tel efo Albany. but gallery

    
   

 
  

   

 
 

.il

At home in our own University Art Gallery, three
exhibits opened this past week that range from
-past images to future directions in art. The first
floor shows a selection of collotypes from the
series “Animal Locomotion: An Electro-
-photographic ‘ investigation of Consecutive
Phases oifAnimaI Movements. 1872-1885" done
by EadWesrd Muybridge. The prints are actually
sequentially arranged negatives that have been
exposed directly onto a light sensitive printing

plate. Put together. they create a "frame-by-~

frame imagery that pro-dates the motion picture
era." .

Mybridge's main Interest was "to disect the
coniinultive movement into Its parts and thereby
allow a study that would reconstruct reality in a
way that had not been previously attempted." us-
ing the camera instead of the brush as his tool.
Artists such as Rodin and Degas used these mo-
tion studies as a basis for their art. in them they

' sawthat the isolated image could reconcile the in-
formation of the model as a' point of inspiration for
their own work.

The question that was most often raised in
regard to his rendering of the moving form was If
in fact they were art forms pr scientific
documents. Robert J. Phelan. the curator of this
exhibition notes that this is one of the central
questions in the arts today regarding
photographic imagery. Perhaps his work we are
most familiar with located on the cover of Phillip
Glasss’ album. “The Phojpgrapher."

Prints and the celluloid medium.

As a transition from the collotypes of Mybridge.
there are the camera works of Helmmo Kinder-
mann who is a visiting professor and the former
director of the Lake Placid School of Art. The im-
ages for part of his series. produced from an ’89
cent camera. deal with resort area activity‘and
tourist travel. The literal descriptive titles define
the scene in such a way as to capture the moment
and idea. The "Water's Edge Brigade" sho‘Ws the
2-dimensional structure of the bridge that black
and white prints allow. while the glints of the sun
on the water entice you to jump in and submerge
yourself in the warm water.

The last part of the exhibition. “New York Print-
makers: A Dozen Directions." gives the viewer
just that. Ranging from the hand colored
photographs of Nancy Aneilo that create the old
western romantic view of the prairie. to the coior~
drenched abstract sllscreens of Ray Holland. the
exhibit focuses on new trends in printmaking that
reflect the constantly changing art world.

Mia Feroieto recaptures the images we put on
paper as children. long since passed as we elipse
out of childhood into the responsibility of

adulthood. Kathy Heinman creates quilted

silkscreens which superlmpose the two very dif-
ferent mediums. Two other artists use woodcuts
as their mediums. Louise Fishman's pieces
resemble the symbol of infinity in muted hues and
bright colors. Cauren Ewing's black and white
prints are blocked out images of starry nights.

 

 

 

 

 

tlonal influence on the art world.

  

     

0 o

 

. . b
On permanent view at the Empire State Plaza is one of the largest publicly owned and disiayed col-
lections of modern art In the country. The 92 paintings and sculptures which make up this collection
show work that is either representative of or influenced by the Abstract Expressionist movement. Also
known as the New York School. this movement was the first American art movement to have a interna-

Most of the artwork Is on view along the Concourse level and on the Plaza. often tucked away In the
State buildings. There are tours conducted every Wednesday at 10:30 am and 2:30 pm. in addition.
“Artists On Art" the 1985 ART AT THE PLAZA film series will begin on Friday March 1 and continue
through Sunday April 21. With interviews. letters. poetry and scenes of the artist at work..thls eight
week film series allows artists from jazz muscians to Nigerian potters to speak for themselves. For

more Information. call the museum at 473-7521.

 

   
 
 
  
   
      
   
 

         
 
 
    
   

 

