Pallottine

reruns 6' 3mm

8IN835

A group of mature. educated

Catholic men forming community

among the leicy through
prayer and worship.

x’riitio—tuiﬁ

\

r. a ’ Fathers a: Brothers ‘

‘
PO. BOX 1533. R0. PLAZA ‘l

HYA'I‘I‘SV‘IILE. MD 20786
Please send Information
about. the Puliotttne
D Priesthood El Brotherhood 901

'- Send for your FREE copy.

it you are. thinking
about a religious vocation.
send for this M GUIDE BOOKLET.
It may help you decrde.

8.A.C. VOCATION INFORMATION CENTER
P.O. BOX 777. ADELPHI, MD 20783

 

 

 

with a fast-track vocational at
higher education. he says, tel
down on those pursuing broade
“as second-class citizens who (
what the real world is about."
Not surprisingly, students to
differently. “We keep having it
into us that we‘re at the tail end
boom and that there might be
us.“ says Elizabeth McLarney,
old Brown junior from Kansas
“You step on who you have to.‘
David Piekell. editor of Berke
Californian, agrees. snggestini
growing concern with personal:
more to do with the age of limit
politics: “in the ‘60s. your futur
anteed. The economy was in a b
was no inﬂation. Mario Savio

 

‘l’rt‘sirienl Reagan it appeal is be

Berkeley's Free Speech Moven
shift out of physics into philos-
students feel like they don't her
They want something they can
so they go right for those fast-
like engineering and computer 5
that doesn‘t make students cc
They could he closet conscrvath
liberals-iiobody knows.“
There are plenty of lhoughtl
whose political views and pcrst
tions are deeply intertwined——
not easily pigeonholed political]
them have come to believe that \
for the student job market is pro
for the country as well. Jcnnil'cr
year-old sophomore at BroWI
startcd considering licrsclfa Re
her freshman year. “l‘m a Rep
the long-term benefits that l
bringing to the country." shet
feel the United States governn

 

 

Send for free information!

(See Reader Service Card appearing
elsewhere in this issue.)

the faculty council at the University of

North Carolina. “The politics is simply
part of a larger change. It‘s a reaction to
the excesses of the ‘60s.“

That reaction is most obvious in the
nation‘s classrooms, where much of the
late '70s was spent trying to undo ex-
cesses—especially, by trying to reinstate
academic standards that had been relaxed
too far. Professors report a “new civility“
at work, a restrained skepticism many view
as academically healthy. “It‘s not as easy
for me to get an argument going in class
anymore.“ says Charles Dickerson. a his-
tory professor at Carleton, “but when i do,
it‘s going to be a better argument than in
the past.“

Many students think the return ofl‘ralcr-
nilies and sororities is part of the same
search for structure and support—in this
case. on a social level—that was lost in the
‘60s rebellion against all things established.
(Some, in fact. suggest that the most career-
minded members see membership as a way
to build business contacts for the future.)
Meanwhile,drugascappearstobelessubiq-
uitous than it once was—in part, no doubt.
because students are hardly immune to the
fascination with physical ﬁtness that has
changed the habits ofthe entire nation. But
alcohol has made a big comeback. “The
thing to do now is to he completely serious
all week and then get totally tanked and
throw up on the weekend,“ says Bill Clary,
who graduated from Carleton in 198].
“When I was a student, things were more

relaxed. so there was less ofa need for that ’

type of release."

Finally, there‘s the matterofdrcss. Just as
the students ofdecades past found a style to
call theirown, so have today‘s—and in most
places. it can only be described as high prep.
“in the late 1960s. our business dropped off
drastically,“ says Martin Nobile ofJ. Press
in New Haven. Court. who has outfitted
Yalies for 30 years. “Now, if we don‘t get
‘cm when they're fresh men. they come in for
a couple ofsuits when they‘re seniors, look-
ing forjobs."

For all their pinstripes. today‘s students
might still manage to enrage a Moral Ma-
joritarian or two. As Carleton‘s Hatnmel
puts it. “Students are not going to stop
having sex just because Ronald Reagan is
president." And it‘s not just their private
lives that run afoul of conservative dogma.
Last fall University of Michigan political
scientist Greg Markus surveyed 180 stit-
dcnts. primarin freshmen and sopho-
mores. What he found was widespread
support for Ronald Reagan—and just as
widespread rejcction of conservative ideo-
logies. Although survey respondents called
for a reduction in federal spending. for
instance. they declined to name specific
programs for cuts. "I'd ask them, ‘Do you
want to cut food stantps'." " says Markus.
" 'No.‘ ‘00 you want to cut aid to depend-

(Conli/mer/ on page I 4)

Nli\\'S\Vlil-1KON CAMPUS/MARCH I‘JHS

 

 

Start off

on the ri ht
trackfg

Put the Number 1 training program
to work building your new career.
Choosing a career in real ing in the industry. And it's
estate means a choice only from Number 1.

for freedom with finan-
cial rewards. But Call the CENTURY 21
career hotline.

making that career

successful demands 1-800-228-2204.

training. That’s why In Nebraska,
1-800-642-8788.

we offer the exclusive

CENTURY 21' In Alaska and Hawaii,
CareerTrak'" Program. 1-800-862-1100.

With many innovative Or visit the

courses, it's the most CENTURY 21 office
comprehensive train- nearest you.

'i'l‘llltl'l'l'tvt er. . t... .. i t ..

Put Number 1 to war

C litH-l L't-Itltiry 2| Real Estate Corporation as trustee for the NAF.
‘ll and TM ~ trademarks of Century 2] Real Estate Corporation.
liuual Opportunity Em )loycr,

ICACHUFFK'H lS INDEPENDI'IN'FLY 0 ’lel) .‘\.\'l) ()l'l-IR/t’l‘lil).

 

