6

Splint)

IQKS

break

5 he looked at a book with photo»
A graphs of prehistoric cave paintings.
it occurred to Edward Heins. a stu-

dent at The Cooper Union School of Art, that
humankind has always relied principally on
three particular colors for expressions of
drama. Perhaps early humans were limited
because red and black pigments — from ber—
ries. from ashes and carbon — were the
prime materials at hand. Or perhaps these
colors. also the colors of blood and of mid-
night. are inherently stirring. Along with

Sudet
Essay

whlte. which increases drama by adding con—
trast. red and black are still favorites today.
Whatever must be bold. whatever must be
noticed is likely to use some or all of this
trio. Change black to dark blue and you have
the recipe for an American flag. for just one
example.

Acting on his hunch. Heins went looking
around New York City for exemplars of these
three prominent locations on the color spec-
trum. The result is this photo essay. a state-
ment in red. black and white, the colors that
cannot be ignored.

Teakettles, flreplugs and fire engines:
doorframes. ads and graffiti scribblings:
oblects that demand attention often

use the insistent colors of red, black
and whlte.

Doc Bucolic's List

(continued from page 5)

Footwear: Boots are weights which must
be lifted and relifted. continually breaking
the grip of gravity. Most hikers take approx-
imately 2.000 steps a mile. averaging about
ten miles a day, That's 20.000 steps; If your
boots weigh even one pound each. that‘s
20 tons of overlooked freight. Choose foot-
wear that weighs mere ounces. High-
arched running shoes are an inexpensive
alternative to the costlier. heavier trail
boot. Buy only footwear which fits the
first lacing. "Breaking-in" shoes went out
with corsets.

Backpacks: You won't find what you want
at a discount store. Stick to the dedicated
outdoor stores. Remember that there is a
correlation between quality and cost. Your
spine will resent you for every penny you
pinch.

Rain-ment: Comfort. warmth and quality
can be summed up in one word — Gore-
Tex. a fabric which is windproof. water-
proof. light weight and breathable. A dou—
ble stitched. seam-sealed Gore-Tex parka

will serve admirably as rain gear. all pur-
pose outdoor wear and stylish about-town
garb. in Gore-Tex you can go from tromp-
ing the back country to stomping at the
Savoy. no sweat (literally).

Sleeping Bags: Poly is lolly. Every manu-
facturer has his own name. from PolyGuard
to Hollowfil. for the polyester insulation
used in nylon shell sleeping bags. Poly-
ester is less expensive. more durable and
more versatile than goose or duck down.
Wet or dry. poly retains its loft and does
its lob.

Sleeping Pads: Undoubtedly the easiest
choice in outdoor equipment. the Ther-
marest is a combination air mattress [self
inflatable) and open cell foam pad. it rolls
to half the size of conventional trail pads
and provides an elevated zone between
you and cold. hard terra-firma.

Tents: The Space Age has been the shin-
ing light of the tent industry. Such labo-
ratory developments as Gore-Tex fabric.

A TTENTION!

9 need Student Photo Essays for
future Issues of Break. and we'll
pay $100 for each essay ubiished.

Your essay can be any group 0 photos——
whether color or black and white — that
hold to a certain theme. Each photo essay
should be accompanied by a note of expla-
nation — where you took the pictures. any
Interesting technical notes.

Be sure to send your essay along with a
stamped, sell-addressed return envelope.
Print your name on every photograph. and
tell us your address. phone number. age
and college affiliation.

T 0 fee covers first-time North
American rights: you retain ownership of
your photos. Color slides or black-and-white
prints are preferred. Deadline for our next
essay is June 28, 1985. Please send your
submission to Break Essay. 303 North
(931legoaks Blvd. Suite 600. Burbank. CA

5 2.

high-tensile alloys [for the shock-corded
poles) and computer-enhanced. stress-
tested designs have led to very light.
roomy. efficient shelters. They cost a lot of
mazuma. They‘re wonh it.

Stoves: Many good stoves, from simple al-
cohol burners to self-priming white gas var-
ieties. are available and affordable. Though
it‘s heavier than some, Doc Bucolic likes
the solid. dependable Coleman Peak i be-
cause it behaves in a blizzard. neier breaks
down and does not require a Master's De-
gree in engineering to operate.

Honest Host: A good hiking sock is like
motor oil. without it you won‘t go any-
where. Doc Bucolic gets very impatient
with backpacking "bimbos" who spend a
fortune on marvy gear then skimp on socks
Hiking socks come in silk. poly. nylon. cot-
ton. wool and blends thereof Regardless
of composition. there is no such thing as a
"lake" sock for less than five bucks. Trial by
trail will determine lust what hose humors
your toes.

intuit - spring i9ti5 - 7

 

