 

2a Aspects

Artists read for ,peace

 

 

a 24 hour reading for peace

Saturday May 4 Half Moon Cafe

(Fri. mignight to Sat. midnight) I54 Madison Ave
a enetit for the Albany Peace and
Energy Council and the Social Action

for additional i'ii'nir'mation: 438-6314

hen Tom Nattell chose the date of Saturday, May
W4, to hold the second Z~l hour Readings Against
The End of The World. he didn't reali/e its full
significance. Between Friday midnight and Saturday mid-
night, all kinds of strange things will happen. First of all.
there will be a lunar eclipse which we won't get to see-- it's
on the other side of the planet. We, will, however, see a
full moon. For the lroquios Indians, it is the Spring Planting
moon, symbolic of the arrival of Spring and a time of
festive rituals. Haley's comet will be at its most visible
point in the sky, with a meteor shower as a sideshow.

 

 

 

Loren Ginsberg

On the more historical side, May ~t is the anniversary of
the shooting of college students at Kent State. Perhaps the
most significant event in the history of May 4. however,
was in 1983 when the House of Representatives passed the
Nuclear Weapons Free/.e, but it didn't pass in the Senate. If
it had, the too or so Albany artists participating in this

 

 

~ ' . h -ﬂ , .,,.,..—.~,,.-...=c1n*, e

May 3, I985,

 

if not now, when?

event could all be going ‘to SUNYA's Mayfest on Satur~‘
day, May 4!

Albany poet Tom Naltcll first tame up with the idea to
hold a H hour reading for peace a few years ago, when he
heard of similar readings in NYC and Boston. "I saw the
possibility of having a reading in Albany, so l made that
first phone call," says Nattcll. "I got through about 80 calls
below one person was not interested.” The reading was
very successful, with “5 artists ranging between the ages
of o and 86 participating Despite the difficulty of planning
a reading of so many people to last 24 hours. Nattell
reports, “The last writer read his last work exactly at mid
night.” The enthusiasm that the reading evoked convinced
Nattell to hold the second Readings Against The End of

V The World this year. "The positive feeling was so high

coming out of it that people wanted to know when the
next one was going to be," he says. Now they know-- it's
May 4 at the Half Moon Cafe.

Several SUNYA faculty and staff will be sharing their
poetry, drama, and mixed media Works at the reading for
peace. They are all parliripating with the belief that art
and politics belong together as a means of individual and
social expression. Jeanne Finley. Assistant to the Director
of the Writer's Institute. feels strongly about the impor-
tance of this event. "America is the only country in the

world that holds a dichotomy between politics and art."'

she comments. “I think many artists are activists and many
activists are artists. There is no reason to draw an artificial
distinction between the two,”

Through poetry, Finley hopes to express the same sort
of concern displayed through the activist protests of the
60's and early 70's. "It was so important what we did out
on the streets to protest the war-- the invasion of Cam-
bodia. it was international real life taking place within us.
The issues are different now, but the feeling is the same."

SUNYA Professor Judith JohnsonvSherwin, who will
also participate in the reading, shares Findley's reasoning.
She states, "l grew up in a generation in which poets did

participate in civil rights actions, and l see no reson to stop'

now that I’m approaching 50!" .

"W.H. Auden has said, 'l’oetry makes nothing happen/I
disagree," says Sherwin. "The way in which poetry makes
things happen may not be obvious... it is a symbolic act of
solidarity. Sometimes it may help to change somebody's
mind."

  

 

Senior Michelle J. Krell feels that the Readings Against
The End of The World is an excellent way to bring a
much-needed awareness to the public, and, she explains,
"Since poetry is a very emotional medium in itself, no mat-
ter what you're talking about-- you could be talking about
dog doo or Ronald Reagan-- you're going to get the same
effect. You're going to provoke a reaction." N

"I'm glad l'm forfeiting Mayfes‘t," says Krell, "This is
more important."

For those of you who, like me, have been dreaming of
bands, beer, and brownies since September, therl: is a solu-
tion. The Readings Against The End of The World will last
24 hours; Mayfest will not. The audience is welcome to
come and go anytime from Eriday midnight to Saturday
midnight. So, if possible, stumble or crawl to the Half
Moon Cafe on 154 Madison Ave. The reading is a benefit
for the Albany Peace and Energy Council and the Social
Action Center.

"The threat of nuclear war is important," Tom Nattell
stresses. "We're all here and we see it. We may not have a
silo down the block, but we see it." D

 

GR

 

 

 

;_-_Students denied——
maccess to

Farrakhan Lecture;
—who have causeto-
5————— complain,

 

 

 

 

 

Lplease call 459—4399—

 

 

 

 

   

\\
. AX -142"; to"
SEE: SCOTT BIRGE
Office of Campus Life

 

COMMENCEMENT
USHERS
NEEDED

Campus Center Room I30

. ’3
s.

i .. TR}: ‘

DEAR KAREN, ROSS, DAVE, .
ANDREA, MADELYN,  , ,
MADDY, AND-ALL‘GRADUATING,
ucn MEMBERS: ‘  - '
' r  THANKS FOR A  1
GREAT. YEAR... 

THE: BLASTERS

JEAN-LUC VPONTY-

JULIAN LENNON
_—""' GENERAL PUBLIC .
W
we. ~

TODD RUNJDGREN & UTOPIA

LOU REED " "
SANTANA
, ZEBRA

UB40

 

 

 

 

TIllE TUBES

...AND THANKS FOR
THE MEMORIES

 

wr: LOVE You,
UCB

 

. .) r~.

 

 

 

 

 

 

May 3, lgasml‘tspec“ 3a
new-contemporary

Vin tage series

cinema;

'Mdhfﬂl‘u‘m-ﬂuﬂluk’
- .Q “will. —rlrl mluanruu mourn:
. a F .
v i N v A a r
CONVIMPURAIIIS

 

 

 

Cathedral by Raymond Carver
a collection of short stories
Vintage Contemporaries Series
228 pp.,' $4.95, paperback

tn the literary world, Raymond Carver is
considered a writer of "stature" and for
good reason His obvious talent shines
brightly in Cathedral, a group of twelve
short stories that read well together.
Carver‘s characters are drawn so realistical-
ly that no matter what happens in the
story, they are convincing as people and
‘able to command a reader's interest and
respect. ’

Tom Kacandes

The stories center onrthe way people.

react to one another and to outside events.

 

 

Carver has trenierulous insight into how
people think and make decisions. They
struggle trying to define their lives and
identities, but not in "literary"~sounding
prose; they sound like real people. In what
is arguably the collection's best story, "A
Small, Good Thing". a baker has unknow-
ingly harrased two bereaved parents about
picking up their dead son's birthday cake:

"Let me say how sorry lam, ” the baker
said. pulling his elbows on the table. "God
alone knows how sorry. Listen to me. Tm
just a baker. I don't claim to be anything
else. Maybe once, maybe years ago, I was
a different ‘kind of human being. I've
forgotten, [don't know for sure. But I’m
not any longer, it I ever was. Now I in just
a baker. That don‘t excuse my doing what I
did. Iknow. But I'm deeply sorry. I'm sorry

- for your son, zmdsorry for my part in this. "

the baker said. He spread his hands out on
the table and turned them over to reveal
his palms. "I don't have any children
myself. so I can only imagine what you
must be feeling. All I can say to you is that
I'm sorry. Forgive me, if you can," the
baker said. "I'm not an evil man, I don't
think. Not evil like you said on the phone.
You got to understand what it carries down

to is I don't know how to act anymore, it L

would seem. Please, " the man said. "let me
ask you if you can find it in your hearts to
forgive me?” '

"You probably need to eat something, "
the baker said. "I hope you'll eat some of
my hot rolls. You have to eat and keep go-
ing. Eating is a small, good thing in a time
like this, " he said.

There are several outstanding stories in
Cathedral, while the book on the whole is
of a high quality. Carver’s style is very
understated. His skill makes his characters
shine like solitary truths and best of all,
they are people worth meeting. [3

 

Hie Bushwacked Piano
by Thames McGuane
Vintage Contemporaries Series '
220pp., $5.95, paperback

By way of comparison, The Bush wacked
Piano is easily the most beloved fiction of
the seventies. Equipped with scathing
humor, sardonic wit and poguane exhibits

an adventurous tale of levity and pathos. ’

 

M.  Thomas

While perusing this literary work, it is
not unusual to perceive a similarity bet-
ween McGuane's style and the more
cerebral regions of an Erskine Caldwell
novel,- satlric visions of America as it reach-
ed its pinnacle of prosperity in the l950’s
are mildly reminiscent. of Holden
Caulfield’s search for himself in Catcher in
the Rye. Unquestionably a spawn of the
contemporary literary deminionde, pro-
tagonist Nicholas Payne serves as an exam-
ple of how not to enjoy life.

Missus Fitzgerald was in the den instants
ly fixing upon the smashed glass. the
shotgun on the floor and the stain of bran-
dy. Her eyes met those of Payne. Start/ed,
she soon let her joy upon this ruin of him
as a suitor be perceived.

 

 

  

 

"I'm a person you know." Payne
claimed.

"Come."

"With valves.”

"You’re going to get a crack at cooling

 your heels in our admirable county jail, do

you know that?” .
"Back off now, or what I leave of your

' head won‘t draw flies at a raree show. "

Concetvably, each of us has been caught
crimson-fisted at one time or another, with
a sweaty hand inside the cookie jar. Payne
has rather a bad hablt of dipping into
everybody‘s cookie jar. Edna and Duke Fit-
zgerald, progenitors of Ann (Payne’s
playmate), are not overly thrilled with the
young drifter: To the elder Fitzgerald's,
Payne is a'yo‘ung turk completely bereft of
all common sense and hell-bent on destruc.
tion. Payne weaves his way in and out of
Edna and Duke’s soft frame of existence,
removing a hefty chunk of their sanity and
well-being with each appearance.

There were dark times when Edna Fit-
zgerald saw an exaggerated reality in her
mind's eye of Payne hitching in naked fury
over her spread-eaglcd daughter or worse.
the opposite of that. At those times, h’liss'us
Fitzgerald s‘carfed tranquilizers again and
again until all she could think of was heavy
  on

news."

 

ﬁg

 

 

 -'--, "

"Fi savage, ofth all, is simply a human
organism that has not received enough
news from the human race. Literature is
one most fumdamentol port of that

 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
   
  

"A inn. Imus" light, ui'in‘l thilhv'
tru ruinous... mourn-n
bylhctulhunllttl cur ooou um

 
  
 
 
  

   

 

  

Dancing Bear
by James Crumley
Vintage Contemporaries Series
228 pp., $5.95, paperback

Every once in a long while, I pick up a
book with low expectations and end up
totally impressed. James Crumley's‘
wonderfully pyrotechnic, full-bodied
detective story. Dancing Bear, is easily the
best detective/adventure novel We read in
years.

Tom Kacandes ﬁ

A TRUE STORY: I began reading Danc-
ing Bear because I had a half-hour to kill
before starting a weekend car trip. l was
already late when i finally decided to put

 

 

the book down and get going. 'l'hen, about
40 miles later, [couldn't stand not knowing
what would happen, so i pulled over and
finished Dancing Bear by the side of the
road. lt's that good.

 

”...his virtuosic skill in
tale-telling is pure enjoy-
ment from one page to
the next.” " -

 

Milo Milodraﬂc" trh is a sutrtt'lin!"
private detective ir. ills forties who‘s tryin;..
to stay alive until he can lllllt'llll his father ‘»
estate at age 52. ln the "immune, huh
given a seemingly easy (asc‘ li_\' a rir h r'lI ln'r
ly woman who pays enough tor him to
light out to Mexico and buy lots of (U
caine. Life looks good. Then the man he’s
asked to tail gets into a car that explodes
and he dies in Milo's arms. In the trunk of
the burning car he finds a kilo of mari-
juana. a pound or so of coke, some
fragmentation grenades, an Ingram M-It
that fires 850 rounds per minute . . . he's
tampered with evidence, he's left the scene
of a murder. he's carrying enough drugs to
put him away for several decades and
enough weapons to blow tanks off the
road. The people who killed his assignment
are looking for him and they want hun
very dead it would seem. . .

Crumley is in command of every detail
in Dancing Bear and his virtuosic skill in
tale-telling is pure enjoyment from one
page to the next. His plot work is seamless.
but it's the characterizations that make this
book more than just a dectective story and
totally worthwhile. Are you tired of
reading school books? James Crumley’s
Dancing Bear is the relief you’re looking
for. I?

   

   

 

 

machinery lumbering in vast clay pits.

While touring the country in his Hudson
Hornet. Payne interacts with a number of
characters, most of whom are simple folk
looking to chisel out a fast buck. C.J. Clovis
stands prominent as the enterprenuer over-
coming heavy odds in order to pursue his
capitalistic goals. Ann Fitzgerald is an ex-
perienced young temptress who, like
Payne. has a tremendous id and enjoys any
chance for excitement which comes her
way. She keeps her spare time occupied
with photography. an avocation replete
with the opportunities to broaden one's
aesthetic horizons. Ann is not to be seen as
an odalisque, but as a free spirited lady
who does exactly as’ she wishes. Wayne
Codd is Duke Fitzgerald’s smallminded
flunky who delights in dishing out grief
those to whom nature has made meeker
than he. When Codd and Payne match
wits, there’s no contest. Payne always has
the upper hand. The conflict between these
two serves as a reminder of the superiority
of the brain to brawn when dealing with a
certified Rigid Tool.

Payne cruises in and out of dangerous
territory with varying frequency, but the
events continue to move along at a rapid
clip, somewhat like ()ldfield's‘ Taurus .1.

John C iardi

 

 

Not for nothing has The Bushwackc‘d
Piano earned the highly sought-after
Richard and Hilda Rosenthal Foundation
Award,- Thomas McGuane's style is un-
paralleled in that. he is able to take a seem-
ingly hopeless situation. cast entirely in
misery and gloom. and make light of it. In
addition. there's a liberal sprinkling of
American lingua franca to be found
throughout.

Payne wrote to Clovis and said. I‘m your
man: come get me. I have an operating
radius of fifty miles. a need of: clean
sheets, alcoholic beverages in reasonable
quantities, harmless drugs, one Tek
natural-bristle ttmthbrush with rubber gum
massager  one pair Nacona Elegante
boots with bill/dogging heels and
stovepipe tops. one scarf by Emilio Pucci.
one pair artilleryman's mittens with in-
dependent triggert'inger and one After Six
tuxedo.

And a partridge in a pear tree. With these
baubles. Payne executes a twofold pur-
pose: to embark on a short;lived career in
the rodeo. and to regain Ann Fitzgerald, in
spite of Mr. and Mrs. Rigid Tool. The
liuslnvacked Piano serves as a simple
reminder of the vicissitudes of a wayward
youth and continually redefines the ex-
istential boundaries between us all.

     
   
   
  
 

   
 

 

