     
 

I’m for

Our country was founded on the theory of
government by the people. it operates, in
practice, on government by the voters.

The above sticker illustrates the point
perfectly: it's not just a matter of what your
concern is; what matters is that you back your
view by participating in the policymaking
process, by voting once a year.

The sticker could just as appropriately read
“l’m opposed to the Grouper Law and I vote",
or “1 support women's rights and 1 vote". or
“l’m in favor of Pine Bush conservation and I
vote."

if most of us vote this Tuesday. the city will
be forced to further recognize our power as a
voting constituency.

Voting may be a private, quiet process
between you and the machine, but you can’t
find a way to speak more loudly for yourself as
a student and as a citizen.

‘Minor’ problems

Albany bar owners will find themselves turning
three-quarters of their customers away at the door
next semester. when the 21-year old drinking age
goes into effect.

They don’t have to. But with one exception, the
main student bars all say they will anyway; they
believe it’s easier to keep minors out than to patrol
them once they're in.

it may very well be easier, but taking into
account the number of students who will still be
able to drink legally, it’s highly unlikely that this
small group of students will be able to support all
the bars in Albany. even if this select group does
include some of this campus' heartiest drinkers.

There are alternatives to completely excluding
all minors, such as the one WT's has planned.
Customers aged 21 or older will be given
wristbands at the door. Only those with
wristbands will be served any alcoholic beverages.

The other major bar owners have dismissed this
idea as “totally unenforceable" or unfeasible. As
one bar owner put it, “What is the attraction to
any tavern where you can't drink?"

As a business owner, he should understand that
a tavern is much more than a place to drink
alcohol. it‘s a gathering area, a place to catch up
with your friends and make some new ones, and to
discuss some news and gossip of the day. When
the Oxford debaters came to Albany, they did a
lot of their preparing through informal talk at
WT‘s.

For many SUNYA students. although
admittedly not all. it's this social aspect of the bars
that they'll miss the most, not the alcohol. Bar
owners who don’t recognize this, could be making
a costly error.

The bar owners who dismissed the wristband
alternative as “totally unenforceable" may also
have made a mistake. it's probably less expensive
to hire an extra bouncer to enforce the wristband
policy on busy nights than it is to risk turning
away 75 percent of their customers before they get
in the door. A few customers will probably be
turned off by the policy. but not nearly as many as
it's likely to attract. it's been proven feasible in
other cities.

in addition to the wristband policy, bar owners
could also expand their menus, add a dance ﬂoor.
concoct a few interesting non-alcoholic beverages,
or bring in some local bands.

The new drinking age will put every bar owner’s
business skills to a test. Only those who are
ﬂexible enough to make creative adjustments are
likely to get by without losses. So far, WT’s is the
only bar to demonstrate this ability, despite their
green walls.

(fill in blank)

 

 

  

J'Ll
Vi

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

carom: mix 700 6mm
A m: is cam/var!
l l

 

  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Vote! Vote! Vote!

“Election Day. Election Day wherefore art thou. election
day.”
—- Bill Shakespeare

Here it is the first of November with another election
day right around the corner. l'm sure most of you know
that it is November 5th, right? Well. anyway. our
glorious country has instituted that elections be held on
the first Tuesday of every November, this way we can all
have another day out of the year with no mail or govern-
ment services.

| Larryr Hartman

By Tuesday we should all be starting to come down
from our post-Halloween hangovers. and l’d like to en-
courage everyone to make that long laborious trip down
to your polling area to cast your sacred vote. There’s no
doubt in my mind that all of you have planned to do so
already. so 1 think 1'" let this column take on a bit of a
different flavor.

Through the years many famous (and not so famous)
people have made statements with regards to the whole
electoral process and l’d just like to share them with you:

 

 

“A sucker is born every minute"
— Stated by Phineas T. Barnum when a circus clown of
his got elected to the post of governor of New Jersey.

"Don't get the idea that l’m one of these goddamn

radicals. Don't get the idea l'm knockig the American

System. . . My rackets are run strictly on American lines
and they’re going to stay that way."

— Al Capone when asked if he were thinking about join-

ing the communist party.

“. . . Heroine in every classroom"
— Fidel Castro in a famous speech after his takeover of
Cuba.

“Freedom is not worth loving if it does not connote
freedom to err”
-— Ghandi after admitting he voted for Ronald Reagan.

“i think the American Public wants a Solemn Ass as
President. And l think 1‘” go along with them."
—— Calvin Coolidge (need i say more)

“How can one conceive of a one party system in a coun-
try that has over 200 varieties of cheese."
—« Charles De Gualle imparting his political wisdom.
"1 never met a man l didn‘t like"
—— Will Rogers testifying before a Senate subcommittee as
to why he voted for every single candidate.

“Vote early and often”
—- Steve anley's campaign strategy for the 1985 Student
Association President elections.

“I have not yet begun to vote."
— This final quote is rumored to be stated by New York
City‘s old Tammany Hall Political Boss, William Marcy
Tweed. but i could not find any supporting evidence.

Election day comes but once a year and it’s everyone’s
right and duty as a citizen of the United States to get out
an dvote. i really don't think one half hour of your time is
too much to ask for. for a task of this magnitude.

it is our system of accountability on the part of our
elected official and'a way to keep them in line with our
goals, ideals, and values. it’s our method of preventing
and guarding against the evils of dictatorship and one by
which all people can be heard. it is a time to get out to the
polls and vote your conscience on the pressing issues of
the day, and it's the fateful day of reckoning that burns
deep within the heart of every politician.

it is the chance for us as students to vote as a united
block and send out a message to our illustrious leaders
that they can no longer “pull the wool over our eyes."

Voting is what gives us legitimate reasons to work on
the issues we care about as students and concerned
citizens, and our representatives must listen. If they
don't, through our power at the polls we'll make sure that
they're not our representatives the next time around.

“A voter without a ballot is like a soldier without a
bullet."
-— Dwight Eisenhower

“A state has no worse foe than a tyrant under whom can
be no common laws; but one ruler. keeping the law in his
own hands so equality perishes."

— Euripides

“Every government degenerates when trusted to the rules
of people alone. The people themselves are therefore its
only safe depositories.”

— Thomas Jefferson

“The voice of dissent must be heard”
— Henry Ford

“The basis of our political systems is the right of the peo-
ple to make and to alter their constitutions of
government."

-— George Washington

Our right to vote is one to be cherished and held in high
esteem. Even as we speak there are many nations still
shrouded in tyranny and dictatorship. We should prize
our freedoms and not ignore them or take them for
granted. For it was in such a context where one of the
most evil abominations of all mankind's history was
allowed to take place.

“Ideas such as Democracy. . . disintegrate our race con-
sciousness, and breed cowardice.”
—- Adolf Hitler Ci

 

Lorry Hartman is the Student Action Committee
chair

 

 

 

 

 

:-;v«~
.x.

4 var -~rn:-ik“w‘vywu ,,. . .;,...,........,...  . . ..

 

Reader objects
To the Editor:

Ironically enough, 1 am happy to ﬁnd in the October 22
issue of the ASP Akbar Anwari’s response to my October
15 article on homophobia. His letter is an enlightening
example of the topic I was discussing. Unfortunately. it is
distressing to see how explicitly and publicly offensive
people can be. However, it is a dose of reality.

The point of my article was to argue that there are more
similarities than differences between and among groups
of people. 1 asked that people reconsider those biases
against other people that are based upon generalizations
that might be ill-informed. To Mr. Anwari I have to point
out that I did not “regret” to include anything in my arti-
cle. 1 could not write about the causes of homosexuality
since there is no known cause. However, it would be in-
terestint to question why Mr. Anwari considers himself
an authority on homosexuality. After all, he espouses two
“theories” on its orgins, both of which are new to me and
I am a lesbian.

By picking out three groups of people to discriminate
against. Mr. Anwari exempliﬁes a viewpoint opposite to
my “people are people“ sentiment. His letter implies not
only that people who enjoy the punk or hardcore scenes
may not deserve social acceptance because of their lack of
conformity, but that perhaps handicapped people should
be looked upon as defective. His implied characterization
of Greek males is also offensive as a negative and unfair
stereotype. I fail to see any positive value in
discriminating against any group of people in these ways.
Rather I consider these prejudices destructive. This,

thank you Mr. Anwari, is precisely the point of my-

article.

Let me also inform Mr. Anwari that there is no reason
for me to ignore the fact that male homosexuals can use
condoms to help prevent the transmission of diseases,
though it should be clear that they are probably not
generally used for birth control. However. 1 ask Mr. An-
wari not to ignore the fact that condoms perform the
same function in prevention of disease transmission for
heterosexual couples. See, here again we find yet another
commonality between heterosexual and homosexualpeo-

 

é. 

aspects

Elllblllhod In 1010

 

Heidi J. Drollc. Edllor In Ohio!
Dun Chang. Jouph FulocManaglng Editor

 

 
 
 

 

 

News Editor: .............. .. tletn Clmbora. James O‘Sulllvnn
..................Ilcnc Walnltcln
I nI-n Ginsberg
........Ian Spelling
Muglo shim Minimal Eek
Sporil Editor " ' “ “

 

..Marc Benn-n

Minority Alinlrn Editor.. ...E. Paul Stewart

John Keenan. San/or Edltar

Contributing Editon Deon Botz. David L.L. Lackln. Wayne Put-boom
Editorial Anal-tonic: Karen E. Bock, Rachel Brulow. Pam Conway. Ken Darn-
baum. Bette Dzuntu, Bill choo. Mllto MooAdIm. Brenda Sohcellor Previw
Edllor: Pun Schuntcrmon Silll writcro: Jim Avery. Dlva Blcllo. Leslie Chnlt,
Ethan Chuln. Inn Clements. Andrea Conan. Mike Donnonuky. Scott Eleon-
lhll, Cathy Errlp. Mare Fonton, Lln kacl. David Kuc. Stacey Kern. Mark
Kobrlnsky. Ccrcy chlton. Caryn Mlukc. stove Rhona. Pater Sands. Marlo San-
tacrooe, David Splidinc, Karen Schlemy. Flick Swanson. Mlchul Skelnlck
Angelina Wang. Evan Weissmnn. Frank Yunker

Morale Roccnthll. Business Morton-r
Stephanie Bohonlul. Associate Bil-Incas Manager
Mauro Kollctt. Jocltl Midi-ulty. Advortlslng Managers
Dan Flolohcr. Sales Manager

 

 

 

Billing Amy Sllbcr
Payroll supervisor ..........Fcliclo Concetta
clccclllod Manage curl Balms. Troclo Paul
Advc y Dlvlnollo. Drew Funn,

 

rllllng mm:
Rich tht. Miohollc Pllctl. Donna Sohrolbor Advertising Production: Greg
Echrcndt. Eileen Chen. .llll Gcnllic. Jamel Homer. Kclth Krluahlo. Alyc-
Mnrgciln, Annoltc Muller, Sharon Reid, Elle Roth Ollico sun: Llu Blchier.
Jonnllcr Chocoloo, Rob Mulnolil

Patricio Ollnnclc. Production Manager
Klrolln Grill. Eleven Plshcrty. Associate Production Muupara

cm“ Tuna-Alla! tun-n... mama“,
Yypllll: Laura alimn, Troolc Paul. Pun Btuubct. Pnttupz Nancy
Cromcnnrlco Flood. E. Phillip Hoover. D. Darrel stat. M.D.Thompscn, Sonia
Valentin chauffeur: Jlili Lolly

Photogrlphy principally ouppilod by University Photo Service. I student
gr 0

Chill Photographer: Kenny Kirsch UM llcll: Mlchul Ackcrrncn. Bhntl Albert.
Myrna Bravo. John Curry. Lynn Drcllul, Chuck Ginsberg. Ezra Maurcr. Mark
Mcdlnvllla. Lin Simmons. Llnnu Sporting. Erloasploncl. Tanya Stacie, Cathy
Stroud. Howard Tyuor. Mark Voonrelll

Entire content. copyright ms Albany ltudcnt Prue Corporation, I" rights
rucrvcd.

The Albany student Prul lo published Tuudlyo and Fridays between
Annual and June by the Albany Btudcnt Prcu Corporation. an Independent
not-lor-prolit corporation.

Editorials are written by the Editor In Chief with mcmoorc ol the Editorial
Board; policy II subject to review by the Editorial Board. Advertising policy
does not nncuurily roiloct editorial policy.

Mollino Idtlrou:
Albany Btudcnl Pro-r. Ct: 320
1400 Washington Ave.
Albany. NY 12222
(Oil) «IWOWMZ

 

 

 

 

pie. thanks to Mr. Anwari.

‘ Mr. Anwari states, “If it wasn’t for heterosexuals.
homosexuality could not exist." To this 1 can only ask, if
it is the fault of heterosexual people that gay people exist,
then doesn’t this issue boil down to a heterosexual peo-
ple’s problem? Well, as 1 stated in my article.
homophobia -— the entity that Mr. Anwari so clearly ex-
emplifies for us -- is everyone's problem, for everyone
gay or not to unite to eliminate.

Again, 1 thank that writer for displaying prejudice in
all its glory and destructiveness and for offering me the
opportunity to publicly oppose it again.

— Claudia Meyer
GALA Steering Committee

Peace effort

To the Editor:

Continuing the nuclear arms race threatens our na-
tional security, our economic well-being, and the success
of the Geneva arms talks. The American people must in-
sist that the President and Congress initiate actions
leading to an immediate, veriﬁable Soviet-American halt
on the testing and deployment of new nuclear weapons
while negotiations proceed.

The Peace Project and the Upper Hudson Nuclear
Weapons Freeze Campaign are conducting a petition
drive in the Capital District and on campus. it is part of a
national effort to collect one million signatures to send to
President Reagan. General Secretary Gorbachev. and
Congress before the Summit meeting on November 19th
and 20th. The petition asks for a halt to the nuclear arms
race and reductions in nuclear‘arsenals on both sides.

More than three out of four Americans support a
mutual, verifiable freeze. Last year eighty-ﬁve percent of
the students on campus voted in favor of a referendum
that supported a nuclear freeze. We encourage you to raf-
firm your support by signing the petition.

The Peace Project will be tabling and petitioning in the
Campus Center on Wed. Nov.6th and Thurs. Nov. 7th.
We will be petitioning in the dorms on Mon. Nov.4th,
Tues. Nov. 5th and Sun. Nov. 10th. Anyone who would
like to work on the petition drive can call Bob at 442-6186
or Laura at 399-8996.

Our national security must not be left up to the politi-
clans or the "experts." We must ask President Reagan to
propose an immediate halt directly to the Soviet Union.
We also must ask Congress to pass the comprehensive
freeze legislation which would suspend funding on major
nuclear weapons programs for as long as the Soviets do
the same.

Then we must hold the politicians accountable. lf Con-
gress doesn’t represent the will of the people this year, in
1986 we must elect Senators and Representatives who
will.

Only by continuing to work together can we help pre-
vent a nuclear holocaust!

— Laura Letendre
Peace Project

Greek gripe

To the Editor:

We let it slide the previous times but SA’s latest out-
break of mockeries and put-downs towards Albany's
fraternites. this time regarding Greek Week. shouldn‘t go
unchecked. Laughing at fraternities and brotherhood
seems odd coming from Steven Gawley who spoke so
highly of them during election time.How quickly we
forget. Whenever SA needs people at events it is always
the fraternities that are called upon. Don’t bite the hand
that feeds you. Together we form a huge student bloc that
doesn’t like being stabbed in the back. We are not depen-
dent on you and only cooperate because we choose to.
More and more of your constituents are becoming involv-
ed in Greek life. it seems only fair to expect a positive at-
titude from their president.

— Michael Solomon
-— Gregg Rothschild

Eye on Council

To the Editor:

1 did something last Wednesday night that l hadn’t
done in over three years— I went to a Central Council
meeting. Most of us at SUNYA don’t know what Central
Council is. and frankly don’t care. The four years we
spend here go by quickly (in my case, four and a half),
and we leave with the pleasant memories of friends,
Mayfeut and Fountain Day. Central Coucil members
leave with ulcers, inﬂated egos and laryngltis.

Well. it was last Wednesday night (Dynasty was over)
when l was tipped off to the fact that Central Coucil was
bringing up the Election Policy. l was a Council member
back in the 1981-1982 term that passed the policy they
were now planning to amend. l figured,“Wltat the hell.
let me go down and see what they are going to do to it."

Let me tell you that Jon Suydan (ex-Council chair
l981-l982)would be spinning around in his law office of
he heard what they were up' to. They were (i left before

the fireworks ended, at about 12:30 am— the meeting
started at 7pm) planning to use Student Association Tax
fee monies to reimburse Presidential and Vice-
Presidential SA candidates for a portion of their election
expenses. My jaw hit the ground. How in the world can
they justify spending our Activity Fee money like this?
Kind of ridiculous, don't you think?

Well. when l was “on Council" we loved to spend
money (we had a half million dollar surplus). We bought
the Xerox machine that SA now uses, the defunct SA
sound system. an ambulance for Five Quad, (if Woody
Popper is around to read this. we threw in the extra bucks
for that Xerox machine stapler). raised SA-worker
salaries to minimum wage, and even gave Rita Levine. the
ofﬁce manager, a raise. How in the world can this new
Council even think about giving up to $150.00 to so-
meone who is running for an SA executive ofﬁce without
asking us. the students who will have to pay for it. Crazy.

Times sure change. “We” used to vote on banning seal
killing, nuclear disarmament. and why or why not cam-
paign buttons were allowed in the SA ofﬁce. Council of
81-82, where are you when this school needs you?

— Steven Kramer

Reader rebuttal

To the Editor:

The simple minded assumption that cultural sophistica-
tion varies as a function of geographical proximity to a
cultural center such as New York City never ceases to
amaze me. According to Michelle Krell (“Agitpop: A
New York Band7"; ASP, October 29). this equation
holds true; the further one lives from N.Y.C., the less
culturally sophisticated one is. A resident of Poughkeep-
sie, a full one hundred miles or so from N.Y.C., is thus
hopelessly deprived (and quite possibly depraved), accor-
ding to Michelle. While 1 do not doubt the cultural
sophistication of Michelle and many other New Yorkers
(assuming that she does live in the greater N.Y.C.
metropolitan area), 1 do doubt that it is solely a function
of their geographical proximity to N.Y.C. since 1 have
met many N.Y.C. residents whom I saw as walking excep—
tions to the equation even as they loudly proclaimed their
superiority to anyone who would listen. 1 have to object
to the constant presence of this kind of assumption.

Unfortunately, my entire argument collapses when I
admit. as 1 must. that her condemning description of
Poughkeepsic was accurate.

— John F. Klein

Shabbat services

To the Editor:

How many times have you gone to Shabbatservices and
felt left out? How many times did you not know the page
number? How many times did you feel uncomfortable
because you don’t understand Hebrew and you were em-
barrassed to read the English? The truth is that at one
time or another all of us have felt like strangers even in
our own congregation.

Through Chavurah, we are offering you a chance to get
rid of this problem. Our Shabbat services are conducted
in both Hebrew and English. We try to maintain a lively
and active atmosphere through the use of both song and
modern English translations. Our goal is to create a
healthy atmosphere where both men and women are
equally counted.

Now that l have told you about Chavurnh. let me tell
you what your role is. if you are a writer we need your
work; if you are a musician we need your ideas; and if
you are an artist we need your ability. You and your in-
put will help make our experience more meaningful. Now
is the time to act!

Shabbat service —- Friday November 8 at 6 p. m. in CC
36).

—— Ron Symons
Jewish Students Coalition

 

The ASP welcomes
letters from readers. All
correspondence must
include the author’s name
and a phone number for
verification. The ASP
will not print anonymous
letters.

 

 

 

 

