 
 

2 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS Cl SUMMER, 1985

ALBANY ’34435‘ 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

    
  
  

 
  
 

Takeséoigku
mm as the Falre t
Fundan on Campus 5
.mgel to vole on who-flier

tohtnd NYPIRG.

Ollie NVPIRG tee is the only
relundable lee.

  
  

   
 
 
  
  

      
 
  
  

M. nntyum

 

   

firl‘illlii‘vi 2% t. rm '4

vomit S
M

  

   

 

Noun-.—
i.. m. m .
u...th

 
  

_‘_

  

ilnlvz-t

SUNYA managed by year’s end to dis-
count rumors of a school spirit drought
by meandering into the Guiness Book of
Worlds Records for the largest game
ever of musical chairs. 5.060 people
played. breaking the previous record of
4,5]4 held by Ohio State. which has a
total student population three times the
size of Albany.

>The city began enforcing its “grouper
law" earlier than planned. leaving
SUNYA’s many offccampus students in
quite a bind as they planned their hous-
ing for next year. The law states that no
more than three unrelated people can
live in the same apartment. so some
students may find themselves without a
roof starting in September.

>.The biggest news in sports last year at
Albany was not the Mets but rather
Dick Sauers. SUNYA's basketball
coach who won his 500th game‘when the
Great Dane's beat Brockport this Spr-
ing. The season will also go down in the
books as his 30th consecutive winning
season.

>Senior Karen Wilson disappeared
March 27. leaving behind tickets for her
planned ,spring break trip to Florida.
Despite a lot of publicity and a student
search. among other tactics. no clues to
her whereabouts have been found. She
was last seen walking South on Fuller
Roadltowards Washington Ave. near
Six Mile Waterworks entrance.

>Students Opposed To PovertylSTOP)
spent the first part of Spring. I985
working to relieve the Ethiopian famine.
Efforts were led by Madeline Cuomo.
the Governor’s daughter. and included a
fast day and a visit to campus from
Cuomo's father. Mario.

>Minister Louis Farrakhan’s campus
appearance in April was the subject of
not one but two seperate Jewish pro-
tests. but that didn't deter the line of
people waiting in the Lecture Centers
from going to hear his speech.

{Twenty—six SUNY students. including
an Albany junior were arrested in April
after staging an eleven hour sit-in at the
SUNY Central headquarters downtown.
The group was protesting SUNY in-
vestments in South Africa.

>Students voted by better than two-to-
one to fund the New York Public In-
terest Research Group(NYPIRG) in a
referendum held in April. The vote
followed more than a month of anti-
PIRG activity by several conservative
students.

>Twenty-five normally healthy people
spent one day in wheelchairs this Spring
as part of Disabled Awareness Day.
learning to‘ look at the “great white
rock" from a different perspective.

 

WW“. 1’ scams and activism- :  ~

>After being banned in the mid 70‘s for

“discriminatory behavior,” Greek'life '

made a comeback at SUNYA last year.
Several fraternities and sororoties
boasted particularly large memberships

’ by year's end. and about 30 organiza-
tions in all had been formed.

> President Reagan proposed
Guaranteed Student Loan cuts that
would force 32 percent of ‘the Albany
students who receive funds off the rolls. '
It wasn't exactly’the best news students
received this spring.

>“Save the Rat" turned the normally.
empty campus pub into the “in” spot
for a few weeks this spring. leading to a
generally increased realization that
yes... there is a bar on campus.

>A statewide rally and letter writing”
drives were some of the tactics pushed
by the Student Action Committee in the
campaign against a “21 " year old drink-
ing age. We’ll all know by the end of the
summer how successful they were...

>The campus escort service. "Don‘t
Walk Alone" had a bumpy year. with
its first coordinator resigning abruptly
and a new logo now quite getting the
hoped for attention.

>Students chose Steve Gawley over two
other candidates as their Student
Association President. and Ross
'Abelow took the vice presidency after
his nearest oppenent declined a run-off
election.

>Albany became Hollywood for a night
when the Cotton Club held its world
premiere at the Palace Theater. It was a
fitting wrap up to a great year for the
film's co-screenwriter. Bill Kennedy. He
won the Pulitzer. a major grant. found-
ed the SUNY Writer's Institute all in the
same year. ’

>Student Action Committee. NYPIRG.
and SASU not only registered the
highest number of students to vote in
New York State, but they also had the
highest percentage of voters registered
at any college in the country.

>Telethon ‘85 was a huge success this
spring. raising $38,000 to be shared by
the Albany Boys Club and the
Drakeland Daycare Center.

>University Auxiliary Services (UAS)
chose Pepsi over Coke in a switch that
involved hundreds of vending and foun-
tain machines and two questions. . .did
anybody in the commissary take a taste
test beforehand. and was it really an
economical decision. . .’?

Compiled by
Pam Schusterman

IL .. -
'. V. 

 

       
      
      
         
 
     
      
     
      
       
      
     
      
   
     
      
       
    
    
     
     
     
       
     
     
       
      
    
       
     
     
     
    
   
   
    

          
     
   
   
  

 
    
     
      

 

     
   
   
    
 
   
        
 
 
 
  
    

 

    
      
 
      
 
      

          
         
    
   
     
     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

  

By Ian Clements.
STAFF'HI’RITER r .

Violators of the city ordinance which
prohibits more than three unrelated people
from living together should behave like

model citizens. advised Mike Alvaro, the -

man responsible for enforcing Albany's
sci-called “grouper law."

Off-campus students should put out
their garbage on the corre'ct days. not
cause- ex 'ssive noise..and avoid» parking

problems.'eauhsetedoiiéctor‘or causal... '
forcement ,Alvaro._=1'iie failure of-stude'nts .V

“to; obey ‘ Iocal‘itﬁrdinanc‘es. . .brings 'On in-"
vestigations'.’”‘he'said. ' '  '

,At‘thrgu‘gh the City of Albany, his Been 
enforcing the lfiw since" the beginningm'f .
this year. Alvaro warned that his bureau '
will increase its efforts when students

return in September. .‘  "

Two landlords, targets "of an enfoi'ce»
meat effort.- this spring. pleaded guilty to

violating; theivlaw “Friday, ‘June 14 in}. ,
Albany Police Court: Frahk and Angelina E

Multari were fined $12,500 by Judge John
Keegan. The. couple was charged with it
violations in ,six apartments they own.
According» to the Multaris’ attorney.
James M Milstein. they will appeal the‘
sentence. which he termed “harsh.”
Student Association President Steve
Gawley. at a June I4 meeting of the city's
Strategic Planning Committee. objected to
the ordinance and charged that‘strict en-
forcement would diSplace between 300 and

 

  ‘ 

 

*v

500 students. ; x .- .1 '  ‘ ;
Vln a Times union article. Gawley
asserted that ,“students... have .-bccorne
scapegoats in the city’s inherent demand
that the university build more housing."
Gawley charged that State University of
New Yorkadministrators "‘have not yet
lived up’ to their responsibility'to build ad-
ditional’ housing facilities." ‘and . urged.

VAlba‘ny to delay enforcement until alter-

native housing is provided. . ' .

 

 

L: t

t -.i

so " it, 1985 1:1 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 3

going to accomplish anything by throwing
people on. the street." ‘ '- I

~ A student found violating the grouper
law this October would‘probably not be re-'
quired to leave his or her apartment until
the end-of the semester. Alvaro said.
ThefBureau of Code Eittbrcenient has
knowledge of too to 150 rental units which
arerin violation'of the grouper law. Alvaro

"said: The information was compiled dur-

“Nine' times out of ten”. the bureau‘isgseeking

to‘ pkdsecute landIOrds.

— Mike Alvaro

 

 

Alvaro stressed that students should
cooperate with members of his staff if they
are asked about living arrangements in
their apartment. “Nine times out of ID"
the bureau is seeking to prosecute lanlords,
he said, but Alvaro added “if—we ﬁnd
(students) are lying to us. we'll prosecute
them as well." _

Students who sign three-person, leases
and bring in extra tenants without the
knowledge of their landlords are “respon-
sibie” for violations, Alvaro added.

Alvaro did not guarantee that students
who violate the ofdinance will be spared
from eviction. though he said. “We‘re not

.ing a summer 1984 survey conducted by

the bureau’s iO—member staff.

“I don't think it’s fair that they have I

this ordinance," said Angelina Multari,

adding, “Ldon’t understand the difference

between three or four people" _in an
apartment. '

The residents of the couple’s apartments
were considerate and did not cause any
problems for their neighbors. she said.
“Lately. I’ve had very good tenants."
Angelina Multari said. ,

The tenants were not noisy. nor did they
disrupt parking in the area since most used
buses. she said. The city's administration

 as citizens

was trying to make an example of the cou-
ple to intimidate the other landlords. she

. .added.

The ﬁne of 512.500. said Milstein, was
“harsh” when compared to' fines assessed
by other landlords. The penalty charged to
Jasmine See. the ﬁrst landlord prosecuted
as a result of the spring crackdown.
created a precedent for stringent penalties.
Milstein said. ‘

See was sentenced to 45 days in jail and
was ﬁned 5500. She is also appealing her
case.

Milstein said he hopes the State Court -
Appeals decides that a grouper raw
presently under scrutiny from Oyster Bay.
Long Island. is found unconstitutional.
The decision would affect all areas of the
state. but he added that the Oyster Bay or-
dinance is more restrictive than Albany's
as it prohibits all unrelated people from
living together. The impact of the decision
in Albany would depend on how the Court
worded its opinion. Milstein said.

The crackdowu will result in-higher rents
for students, Milstein said. since landlords
.will be charging the same or slightly lower
rents to fewer tenenls.

“Student ghetto" residents interested in
finding out when trash is collected on their
block should call the Sanitation Bureau ('1
4384484. Alvaro said. I L

.SA:finds new phone system

 

Ross Abelow
“ll's the most ridiculous system. It 's a joke. '

 

 

to be expensive, low quality

By Ilene Welnsteln ‘
“ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR I 1

While SUNYA's new three million
dollar computerized telephone system is
expected to save the University a lot of
money. Student Association officials say it
could cost student organizations a fortune.

The new_442 exchange. which was in-
stalled June 7. and is owned by the CON-

‘ TEL corporation. now links the uptown

campus to the'downtown campuses by
fiberoptic cables, allowing calls to be made
between the campuses for free. '

The university‘s needs were taken into
consideration. “but they forgot to take SA
into mind." said SA Vice-President Ross
Abelow. adding that “nobody calls the
quads as much as SA does."

The five quads have not been linked to
the new system and a call made from the

campus to one of the dormitories will be _

charged as a local call. Costs will be deter-
mined on the number of minutes spent
talking. '

Students living in the dormitories will
still be serviced by New York Telephone
and Will able to make local calls, in-'
cluding calls to the campus. for free. The
quad offices andcomputer user rooms in
the dormitories have also been linked to
the new system.

According to an analysis conducted in
Fall, 1983. the new phone system would
save the university $8 million over a
IO-year financing period.

SA‘s staff attended a two-hour class to
learn how to use the new telephones. but
the features they were shown did not work
on the SA telephones. said Abelow.

"Parties can’t hear properly and our ‘
numbers publishedtin the interim direc-
tory) are wrong." he said. Abelow added
that Gary Pelton. University Director of
Telephone Systems. has done nothing to
help SA in handling these problems. “It's
the most ridiculous system. It's a joke,“
said Abelow.

3D

Studentsleam to Use media to spread their message

By-BIII Jacob

STAFF WRITER v ' .

Reminiscent of the l960s. national attention is once '
again being drawn to college campuses across the nation
as students are beginning to rediscover the power of the '
media to carry their voices to people throughout the

world.

Events like the arrest of 25 students conducting tt sit-in '
at the State University of ‘New Yerk administration
building in doWntown Albany and the protest of the April
campus appearance of Louis Farrakhan, a Black Muslim
minister. have made headlines in the Capital District and

other areas. r

“A part of the planning of a protest is to contact the
media so that one is projecting an ideology and using the
media to communicate that ideology, disagreement and

  

' PFLSIDENT, ' Kann said.

ULEAR‘II , V “I think it has a lot to do with when the press decides

 

that they want to cover it and make it an issue." said An-
drew Chin. vice president for community colleges for the
' Student Association of the State University.

_ SASU's more recent activism involved a sit-in at
SUNY's administration building to protest the SUNY
 Board of Trustees' decision opposing full divestiture of

US. companies doing business in South Africa.

There has been a rise in student activism across the
country. Chin said. because “The more publicized ac-
tivism sparks other activists in other places. "

Mike D'Attilio. dean of students at the College of Saint
..Rose. disagreed. saying there hasn't been a great increase
in student activism in recent years.

“(It's) a drop in the bucket compared to what those
situations would have been in the late 605." he said. He

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

 

‘ stress to a larger public." said Dr. Frank Pogue, _ » ‘  :4 , ‘
SUNYA's vice president for student affairs. ' ' ‘ has noticed “some increase over the last year. or the year

"The media ls pushing (student activism) tocrettte “mm!” d'm°“'_""° 9" “‘9 PMWM- I before." '
news." Pogue said. “Those two entities often need each money required to advertise. Kann raid. "Student activist Some student. outcries are due to .lhc conservative
other and can work quite well together. organlzations-are reliant upon getting free media. and nature of President Ronald Reagan 5 domestic and

"One 0'th bell! way! '01cl WONG know What ‘3 Wills that entail doing things that are newsworthy. Protests are foreign policies during the past four years. Pogue said.
on ll through the man media," said Bphram Kenn, pro- only one way of doing that. I ‘ “Students are now responding to the threat of increases
icct coordinator for the SUNYA Chapter Ollhc New Y0“ "We occauiOnally involve ourselves in protests which in tuition. services'and cutbacks in the federal support of
Public Interest Research Group. --will further the work we are doing because it’s a good way higher education. he said.

Students and other activists generally do not have the to get pregl, a good ‘way to mobilize public opinion." I!»

   

UPa

 

 

