 

u.49.-mr-canister-army)“nor-.mmszsemsurmcm.mummy. maﬁa! a“

:- Aspects

 

 

ram—«-

 

‘ ate
Presents
Fin Evening With
WEI,
G‘iﬂ.
@[I MECQEEI‘

moose?

T=eaturing ﬁlRTO
MOREI'RE

In The Palace Theatreﬁlbany
Wed... Nov 6. 8p.rn.
Tickets available Thurs. Oct 24 at CC,

Strawberries 8 The Palace Theatre
tickets are $1 wlth student tax card

 

 

 

 

 

 

S l 0 without

 

 
 

FALL 1985
BUS SERVICE INFORMATION

RATES: $10 SEMESTER STICKER (GOOD FROM
$5 HALF-SEMESTER STICKER (GOOD FROM
NOVEMBER 1985 THROUGH JANUARY 1.

$1 BOOK OF TEN COUPONS ( $ 10 PER RIDE)

INDENTIFICATION: UNIVERSITY I.D. WILL STILL BE
REQUIRED OF FACULTY. STAFF. AND STUDENTS TO
RIDE THE UNIVERSITY BUSES. IN ADDITION 2’0
oiiCKER OR BUS COUPON.
SALES LOCATIONS:
(l) VEHICLE OPERATIONS CENTER IN THE PLANT
BUILDING
( Guest Passes. Coupons. Stickers)
(2) PARKING LOT ATTENDANT .AT CIRCLE
( Guest Passes. Coupons.Stickers)
(3) PUBLIC SAFETY TRAFFICK DIVISION
( Coupons. Stickers)
(4) PUBLIC SAFETY BUILDING
( Vending Machine- Coupons only)
(5) CAMPUS CENTER INFORMATION DESK
( Vending Machine- Coupons only)
(6) CAMPUS CENTER BOOK STORE
( Coupons only)
(7) CAMPUS CENTER SNACK BAR
( Coupons only)
(8) COLONIAL. STATE. INDIAN. DUTCH, WATERBURY
DINING HALLS
( Coupons onlvl
(9) DOWNTOWN CAMPUS. CONTINUING STUDIES
( Coupons only)
(10)DOWNTOWN CAMPUS. KUMQUA’I‘
LOUNGE
( Vending Machine- Coupons only)

 

SEPTEMBER 1. 1985 THROUGH IANUARY 1. 1986)

   

don't eat red meat. I eat poultry, seafood, vegetables, and Drake's Funny
Bones. I didn’t become a pseudo-vegetarian for religious, moral, or health-
related reasons; I became a vegetarian by parental subterfuge.

My parents had a good set-up going when I was young. Every summer they'd
send my brother, my sister and me to Florida to stay with our grandparents. For us,
it was a long, fattening vacation. For my parents, it was salvation. They could go to
the beach without bringing pails and shovels, without having to help us jump the ‘
waves, without lavishing with praise every dead and reeking sea creature that we
laid at their feet. They could go out to dinner without reminding each other about
“restaurant manners." They could go to the duck pond without stale bread and
wash-ups. The possibilities were endless for two months of parental relief.

One summer,“ about ten years ago, they decided to give up red meat for two
childless months. By the end of the summer, they felt more healthy, relaxed, and
happy. Instead of attributing this positive state of being to temporary freedom,
they vowed to give up red meat for good.

We came home that summer expecting the normal readjustment to a lifestyle
that had once been comfortable, familiar, and predictable. We had the traditional
first-day-home dinner celebration. It wasn't steak; it was green spaghetti and soy-
bean loaf. My parents, in a kind attempt to ease us into pseudo-vegetarianism, had
tried to fake us out with imitation meatloaf. We all agreed that it was better to give
up the idea of red meat altogether than to try to deceive ourselves into believing
that soybeans walk on four legs and moo.

My sister, the youngest, was traumatized. She made me swear that as soon as I
could drive I would take her to McDonald’s as often as possible. She said she could
wait the six years, as long as there was hope on the horizon. We wouldn't let her
near the dog for a few months, because she couldn’t pet him without a hungry
gleam in her eyes. She grew thin and weak. She solicited dinner invitations from
friends.

My brother, on the contrary, became a health food fanatic. He thought Mom
and Dad'teally had something going, and he took it even further. He abandoned
Twinkies cold. He gave up Milky Way sandwiches. As a matter of fact, he would
not eat anything with white flour, sugar, artificial ingredients, or any semblance of
ﬂavor. He became very conscious of saturated fats, and was distrustful of
hydrogenation. He ate no meat at all, and, never a lover of vegetables, he subsisted
on pure thought for several years. He also grew veryjthin, but stayed close to
home, firmly believing in “starvation before contamination.” ' ' '

I took it well. I ate whatever was around, within reason. I didn't miss meat too
much, and I tried tomake the transition smoother for my brother andsister. I bak-
ed muffins for my brother, denying any trace of non-nutritive ingredients. I
donated my mini-hot dog hon; d’oeuvres to my sister at every occassion. The ex-
perience made us close.

Pseudo-vegetarianism became a way of life for us. We grew up, eventually,
though not too tall and not too strong. Now all the kids are off at college, and my
parents are free once again.

A few weeks ago I went home for a surprise visit. I arrived just before dinner
time and found my parents in the kitchen, up to their elbows in raw hamburger
meat. They were making real meatloaf this time, and. as they cooked, were nibbl-
ing on pepperoni. There was a box of Suzy-Q's on the table, white bread on the
counter, and Smurfberry Crunch cereal on top of the fridge. They were embarrass-
ed at first. They sat me down and tried to explain.

"Once you kids moved out," said my mother. with tears in her eyes, “we decid-
ed to take more risks, to make life more exciting . .  She-paused. "We had a steak.
And then pork chops . . . and ham . . . and, well, we felt good. We felt healthy.”

“50, that's great, Ma," I assured her.

“But you see," my mother stammered, “it‘s the same way we felt that summer,
when we thought it was the diet. . . " -

She took my hand, put a slice of pepperoni in it, and said, "I think we made a

mistake." ﬂ  ' 5

 

 

 

 

 

Betrayal

 

My china heart
 Placed in your hand,
-"' "-4. Thought safe, secure
' ' In your command.

  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
   
 

 
 
 
  
  
  
 
  

Let slip ~ Smashed! . ,
Upon the floor,
With open fist
You beg for more.

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
  

.34...  . a ,. . . u. l. .
\ r t‘r i‘ft‘r’f,v‘>

october 25, ’1985

   
 

he.) «_. .11.: r c n y l r r I i t 1 v. r.....'..‘.;

I’w‘r‘tllaaanoncn.

{vii/yarn .-.v' r‘- b ‘.

 

 

smashed

t was a chilly, rainy day in October as
I walked up to the Cathedral bf All
Saints. Little suspecting what was in-

side, I strolled boldly through the delors —, _ 

and entered a world more than five hun-
dred years old. Where to begin? Sights and
sounds surrounded me. Perhaps, I con-
sidered, I’d be able to think more clearly
after I'd eaten something. Let's see, a
tankard of ale (the meal looked good) and
some . . . quiche?

Keren Schlorny

The Cathedral of All Saints has been
hosting a Medieval Faire for nine years
now. ldon't know if quiche was on the din-
ner table of Henry the VIII, but it's been a
custom at the church for quite a few years
now and no one seemed to mind.

The cathedral. which is a beautiful

 

 

‘building in and of itself, was gaily

redecorated for the two-day affair. The
40-foot high ceilings were hung with ban-
ners and coats of arms. The usual church
benches were nowhere to be seen, and the
center aisle was filled with booths of all
sorts. The clergy themselves were happily
dressed with medieval robes over their
own. Despite all the changes, the Cathedral
was somehow a very appropriate place for
the faire to be held.

There may have been no Madonna in
1485, but that didn't stop people from sing-
ing about her and her son. In any event,
Madonna 1985 doesn’t have anything on
SUNYA’S Chamber Singers. They per-
formed for half an hour, rendering a host
of varied‘styles. They sang in Gennanﬁ
French, Latin and English — sacred and
secular songs. As a group, they had the
best costumes there.-

Members the Society for Creative
Anachronism, who gave a slide show on
medieval attire, were costumed com-‘
paratively poorly. In addition to mediocre
costumes, their medieval dances were
clearly not ready for public viewing. Those

Roches

he Roches returned to the Troy Sav-

I ings Bank Music Hall Friday night

for an enthusiastic, sell-out crowd.

They delivered a fine hour and a half long

performance without intermission. The ter-

rific acoustics of the Music Hall heightened

their rich harmonies. They performed here

over a year ago to a very pleased audience,
too.

Roni Ginsberg

Maggie and Terre Roche sang together
and had recorded Seductive, Reasoning
before they added sister Suzzy and became
the Roches. Originally from New Jersey,
they started out playing clubs in the
Village and got a major recording contract
in 1978. Since then, the trio have produced
four albums, the newest of which is
Another World. The group is known for
their original music, harmonies and often
zany and bizarre lyrics. In concert, they
space their songs out with equallly bizarre,
dry comments the audience can relate to.
After the concert ended, and the audience
gave a standing ovation, Suzzy announced.
"This is supposed to be the encore, but it
seems pretty stupid to go off (stage) and
then just come back on."

Sibling comraderie is evident with the
sisters playing off each other. Suzzy in<
lroduced a new song which focused on be
Ing talked to by compulsive bores. Terre
implied that maybe Suzzy talks too much,
too, to which she replied, "You've got to V
learn what people are thinking. not what
they‘re saying." In "Waterfall." on the new
album, they address this issue with the
lin

 

 

es: _
"Turn off the faucet, you waterfall
I'm no bucket. damn It all.

I asked how you were feeling

 

 

 

  

who did actually know the steps couldn’t
seem to get them in time with the rest of
the troup. On the whole, they looked like
they'd be better off staging battles than
dancing.

Tim Downy juggled on a unicyde, to

the delight of all who watched. On the
‘ other hand, lim Snack, the magician, lack-

ed the absorbing qualities that an illusionist
needs to hold attentions, though he suc-
cessfully entertained the young children.

. The grandest spectacle of all was clearly
the. Professional Enthrorrement of the Boy
Bishop, a custom which has survived for
hundreds of years. Originating with the

invade Troy

Even though I didn't really care . . ."
They opened with “Slice of Life" and
"You're Being Weeded," both new songs.
Being found "Face Down in Folk City."
one of the clubs they started in, is the topic
of another. "Missing" and "Older Girls" are
also two of their new upbeat tracks. They
mixed in some older songs of theirs, as well
as their own rendition of “Come Softly To
Me." Older Roche stuff included “Pretty
and High", "Hammond Song", "We", and
“The Hallelujah Chorus." “Mr. Sellack"
and "The . Train," about some odd
characters they’ve encountered, brought
chuckles from the audience.

The three sisters have very different
voices and personalities when they sing.
Suzzy does most of the lead vocals. Terre
had a beautiful solo. with piano accom-
paniment by Maggie on “West Virginia.”
Maggie's deep contralto can be heard in
the harmonies and alternating with her
sisters' voices. A new addition to the tour is
keyboards/synthesizer player Libby Mc-
Clellan. She does her job well, as the do the
Roches, with Terre and Suzzy on electric
guitar and Maggie on piano and
keyboards. McClellan is their token “band
member" and somewhat apart from them.
When she wasn't playing, she retreated to
a seat at the back of the stage. She was
there for her ability, not as a "presence"
like the Roches.

Concerts at the Music Hall are extra en-
joyable for me. since smoking is not allow
ed and the noise level is pleasant. letting
one hear how the building's design
enhances the sounds. It's nice to leave a
concert and not have ringing ears and smell
like an ashtray.

The Roches pick up energy from their
audiences. There is a true rapport between

4 the group and the audience.

 

 

 

o-eat quiche '

  

feast of Saint Nicholas, the children’s
patron saint, a boy from the Cathedral
School is enthroned as bishop. Heralded in
by organs, the procession of children bear-
ing candles, cross and incense traveled
through the Cathedral. The audience was
encouraged to sing along. and even the
sheep joined in, punctuating the pauses.

Other forms of entertainment included a
lutist, a storyteller, a puppeteer and a musi-
cian. That music man played the meanest
hammered dulcimer I ever heard. ,The
hammered dulcimer is the forerunner to
the piano, but the strings are struck
directly.

 

 

Immediately to the left of the entrance
of the cathedral was a small cadre of
animals, most available for petting by the

_ anxious hands of children and not a few

adults. There were four doves, two rabbits
(one, an angora). two ducks, one pig, a
goat, and yes, two sheep. The 4-H Sheep
Club was set up there selling sheeplens
and wools.

' One man had a blacksmith's stand and
sold his own forged shields and swords (to
hang over your fireplace). With his black
tights, leather vest and apron, black mesh-
ed tank top and spiked bracelet, I wasn't
sure if he looked more punk or medieval.
He sold handmade crowns, wands,
helmets, and pendants, and would happily
discourse on applied mathematics if given a
chance. He was just one of the interesting
characters who helped set the atmosphere
for this usual event.

Other booths were as varied in their
wares as one could imagine. There were
brass works, stained glassers, driftwood
sculptures, face painters, paper makers, and
pottery people. There was a woman spinn-
ing wool by hand, selling the woolen
clothing that she'd made. One man made,
played, and sold his ﬂutes, and another
made hats of the sort that haven't been in
fashion for a long time. Robinhood and
jester caps, conical princess caps, floppy
berets and more adorned the heads of
many that day. One of the more unusual
sellers was a woman who sold bee pro-
ducts: candles made from beeswax or
honeycombs, wax ornaments, honey but-
ter, a honey recipe book, and a variety of
(you guessed it) honey.

Many happy hours later I walked out of
the Cathedral and back into the real world.
It was still cold and rainy, and cars were
honking their homs with impatience. The
phone bill was due, I had two more
midterms, and could look forward to a
crowded Green Machine (SUNY bus)
Monday morning. Welcome back to 1985.

D

 
   
  
 
   
 
  
 
   
       
          
     
     
     
    
     
    
    
       
      
 
    

 
   
   
  
  
   
  
  
   
   
  
      
   

