 
 

  

IO

 

Buying Yor

First New Car

BY PETE LYONS

hen you’re ready to buy your
ﬁrst new car, it probably makes
sense to be sensible, if only to

show the folks the college education
isn't being wasted

A person shopping for a new arr settles
ﬁnally on one speciﬁc model for many rea-
sons, some of which are subsurface. But
let's assume that your particular purchase
equation involves a moderate budget.
You're not alone. The majority of cars sold
go to consumers in your situation. drivers
for whom the new tar, to at least some
current, simply has to be a necessary appli-
ance.

And that means buying the most utility
for the least msh outlay.

The car you‘re looking for will probably
come from the 85000 to 87000 price
range. Such a car likely has front-wheel-
drive, a modest fourvcyllnder engine and a
smallish, twothJr-plus-hatch body. Tb-
days best designs have matured the otte-
gory greatly, though you have to expect to
sacriﬁce certain sophistiattlons. Your new
air will be moderate in room, perform-
ancc and luxury, but equally minimal in
fuel consumption and price.

Its a [xrpular kind of car. By our count,
the ones on today's market airry 15 differ-
ent muncplates: Chevrolet, Dodge, Ford,
Honda, isuzu, Mania, Mercury, Mitsubishi,
Nissan, Plymouth, Pontiac, Renault/AMC,
Subaru, Toyota and Volkswagen. But it's not
even as simple as that. In a few cases —
CitevroIct/lbntiac, Ford/Mercury, Dodge/
i’lynwth/Mltsubishi — different brand
names thinly disguise the fact that the
idcntlctl basic vehicle is being offered.
Certain other automakers — Chevy, the
Chrysler twins — sell two or more com-
pletely different designs. It can he confus-
ing, Which is the bait car to buy?

Well, what‘s the best computer? The best

April 198 5, Ampersand

Wheels

      

mmpus? The best way to cook?

The only answer, of course, is "it de-
pends? The fact is, there are probably as
many answers to the “which ctr" question
as there are vehiclts on the market. Indi-
vidual circumstances, needs and tastes dif-
fer in automobiles; that's why there is such
a bewildering army of the things out there.

If you want to attadt the problem by
reading the menu from right to left, the
very dteapest new mr being sold in Amerv
lea (as ofJanuary, in California) is Subarus
familiar, weil-proven Standard Hatchback,
at a base price of 35089. Next up —-— but in
the US west only ~ comes Chevrolets
new Sprint, :1 cute threeqiinder 35151
baby actually made injapan by motorcycle
manufacturer Suzuki. Right on its heels at
35195 is Mazda's very nice GLC

Tercels, Mirages, (bits, Civics, Chevettes,
Spectrums, 10005, Escorts, Lynxs, Hori-
zons, Omnls, Alliances, Encores, Sentras, l-
Marks, Golﬁs . .. the rm! start to appear as
we rise above the 5300 mark and we're
still ﬁnding basic "price leaders" as we ap
preach the comparatively heady 87000
level.

Now, a range of just over 85000 to just
under $7000 seems pretty broad But in
fact all the attractive "base price" tags are
 illusory, especially at the lower
end. You make a mistake if you shop price
alone.

in the ﬁrst place, cars in America are still
sold like camels in old Arabia. We expect
to dlcker..

Then, whether you wind up paying less
than window sticker or not, various and
son'ttnlmcs varying charges may be piled
atop it: your sales tax(es), of ctxrrse, plus
licensing and documentation fees; a bun-
tired or two or three dollars for destina-
tiort/tmmportatlort’ltandling/prepamtion
costs; perhaps even an out-andout "pack"
assessed by the dealer over and above a

   

very popular car‘s list price.

Thirdly, that eye-catching low price may
indltate a “price-leader" model with few
accessories. You should remember that ac-
cessories will not only make the car more
pleasurable to use, they will also boost its
eventual re-sale value.

Fourth, your car‘s original selling price
is only a portion of your long-term trans-
portation expense. Publications such as
CormmerReports, as well as research out-
fits like RL. Polk, offer the distilled experi-
ence of owners of past model years of
most of the very cars you're interested in.
Do homework

Fifth is the satisfaction factor. The seat-
ing should be comfortably supportive —
an astonishing number of cars don't have
good seats. The steering, handling and
braking should be conﬁdence-inspiring.
Ride quality, noise level and quality, en-
gine and transmission behavior, chassis
behavior in simulated emergency maneu-
vers, minor control placement, ventilation,
convenience features, seat belt conven-
ience and comfort, visibility past pillars,
door and hatch access; all are important
details that om make or break a car in
terms of “user friendliness" and that can
matter more and more with the miles.
These am only be assessed by an individ-
ual, and thorough, test drive.

Naturally, additional factors come into
play for some people, such as a limited
dealer representation nearby, experience
of other people with each of the available
dealers, or a friend or relative in the busi-

ness. Don't pass up a genuine practical
deal for an unattainable ideal.

But in the absence of special circum-

  
 
 

stances, if you‘re really serious about ﬁnd-
ing the best car for you, sprinkle a little
scientiﬁc salt on its tall by running a sim-
ple spreadsheet on a computer. First, se-
lect the most solid candidates by reading,
looking and test driving. Then gather per-
tinent data about actual prices, loan pay-
ments, insurance, warranties, fuel mileage,
published service records, etc. Make some
assumptions about how many miles and
years the car will have to serve you. Finally,
add up all the likely costs over that period.
Don't bother about the various expenses
for oil, UTE, brake pads and preventive
maintenance over the period, or things
like parking, as these will be roughly the
same for each air and we're after compari-
sons here. But do try to fudge in a guessti-
mate of unexpected repairs -— once the
warranty period Is over — which reﬁeas
the historical data on the car's reliability
and repair cost. And do use similar infor-
mation to project what your car may be
worth when you're ﬁnally through with it;
subtract that from the total.

ifthis sounds like hard work, just think
of how much time —— and how many miles
— you'll spend in your new car: Eventually,
when you get a satisﬁed feeling from mak-
ing the best new car choice, multiply your
satisfaction by all the minutes and all the
miles. This formula always gives a happy
result

 

Pete Lyons is a freelance automotive writer
whose work frequently appears in Car
and Driver; £00m Car and other may:-
zines.

 

 

 

 

  
   

.y 55%? in
WHILE You
ROLL

BY ED BOTT

 

f all the places to try to listen to

music, the interior of a moving

car may be the worst. Between
engine noise, rattles and squeaks, sirens
and screaming brakes, it's a wonder that
car stereo even exists. Yet, it does exist—
and it can be glorious.

Fact is, though, if you want to rock
while you roll, you have to be conscious
of some trade-offs. The system has to
sound good, sure, but it also has to ﬁt~
and then it has to be able to withstand
the stresses and strains of the road. Put-
ting together a system that ﬁts all those
criteria can cost as much as a new car—
or as little as a few hundred dollars. And
if you can‘t afford to listen to the very

 

, ........‘.r.uH-'n‘ad

CLASSIFIEDS

ADVII'I’IOIMI
mu 1'“! GOILIIII "WIT
IN Till “FINAND Gmﬂl‘llm

AMPERSAND publish" 4: I your (Sept!
Oct..Nov./Doc.. Jam/Fob. Mon/13m.
Ham on 3378 par column loch or .40
per word. Pin-o and check. along with
camera nady art and may quutionl to:
AMPERSAND CLASSIFIE 8

303 N. Gionom Blvd" Suite 600.
Burbank, CA mm 510-840-4066

' * SCRIPT-CITY *
Film Bi tv Seripls—Gl niic Selection
Send for PI!!! catalog. eeelve FREE otter!
script-Oily. 1765 N. Highland, LA CA 90028

     
 
         

 

MIRRORED BEER SIGNS
Colorful. top quality glass signs framed in
solid oak. Just like In your iavorite Pub!
Mooeehead, Bud, Michelob, Tecato and
others. Great Grad glit ideal $1.00 (’6‘
iund) to: Mirror images-A, 450 Lake-
viilo, Suite 519. Peialuma. CA 94962.

 

 

 

 

best, a little advance planning can get
you equipment that sounds just ﬁne now
yet has plenty of room to grow as your
income expands.
1. Good

Let's start with Option #1. For very
little money, you can purchase a self-
contained tuner/cassette deck with a
built-in amplifier. Mitsubishi, Sanyo,
Grundig and several other manufac-
turers have car stereos selling for less
than $100. Add a pair of speakers, and
you have an uncomplicated. easy-to-
install, and surprisingly clean-sounding
set of components. it's not loud. and it
probably doesn‘t have much punch, but
on a tight budget, say under 3200, it‘s
more than adequate. The big disadvan-
tage of Option #1 is that you can only
add more power by hooking up an ex-
ternal booster amp. And when you boost
the power, you also boost the distortion
—-sometimes painfully.
ll.Be!!er

The key to loud, clean sound is one
powerful, well-designed ampliﬁer for
each pair of speakers. The centerpiece of
Option #2 is a deck that does double
duty: in addition to the tuner/cassette
deck, it has a moderately rated power
ampliﬁer and a separate set of pre-outs
— lines out that completely bypass the
amplifier circuitry—with a built-in fader.
For the time being, you'll do Just ﬁne
with the built-in amp and a single set of
speakers. Alpine, Panasonic and many
other makers have good stereos in this
range. Your dealer should have a listen-
ing station where you can audition sev-
eral brands. When it comes time to up-
grade, though, don‘t disconnect what
you already have. instead, add a high-
powered amplifier and a pair of rear
speakers that can handle all those watts.
You'll end up with a very satisfying
sound system, and it doesn't have to cost
you an arm and a leg. Your initial outlay
may be just $400 to 5500.
111.56!

Option #3 is the stuff dreams are
made of: all separate components; high

 

MOVIE POSTERS
"Road Warrior II," "Rambo." All current
titles plul ihausandtmoro. Alto Iillll, lobby
cordl. much more. Illultroiad catalogue

$2.00. REFUNDABLE. FAST SERVICE.

CINEMA CITY

no. I" I'll. Dept. A. Mm, in nu: (m) m-nu

 

 

V U A R N E T

ORDER NOW!

4001 “Cot-0y." 862.00
Moganoi now offers the complete line of
VUARNET-FRANCE sunglasses by mail
order. Writ» ior FREE catalog. or call:

Mecnner

6630 Wilahiro Blvd., Suite 309, Beverly Hills.
CA 90211 or call toil-Inc coo 521-1225

 

In Calif. 000 321-7045 «1.50

 

 

   
  
   
 

power; separate bass, midrange, and
high drivers. The very best, most exotic
and most expensive components are
highly evolved with super-clean sound
to match. Consider, for example, Jen-
sen's A12 series of receivers, with built-
in microprocessors and ﬂip-down con-
trol panels.

if you cm afford a high-end compo
nent system, there's one piece you ought
to check out—a Compact Disc player.
The enormous dynamic range of a CD is
tailor-made for the harsh car-sound en-
vironment. And the digital, microproces-
sor-controlled player simply doesn't
translate bumps and [oils to the music.
so what you hear in your car is as close
as it‘s possible to get to the sound in
your living room. Of course, such super
equipment may bring the cost up to
81,000 and beyond.

By the end of the year, there should
be half a dozen entries in the car-CD
category. Right now, Pioneer has a pair
of CD players — one designed for use
with its high-end Centrate system, the
other compatible with virtually any
modular system. And Sony, with a cred-

 

 

  

itable track record in the home-CD mar-
ket, has an extremely handsome tuner/
CD combo that has to be heard to be
believed.

But the most intriguing new car com-

ponent is one that isn’t, strictly speaking,
a car component at all. We're talking
about Sony's D-S Discman, which costs
less than 8300 (power supplies are
extra) and goes just about anywhere.
With an AC adaptor, it hooks up to your
component system at home and holds its
own— no apologies whatsoever— with
any conventional CD player. Clip the re-
chargeable battery pack to your belt,
plug in a set of headphones, and it‘s a
powerful portable. And with the addition
of about $40 worth of patch cords, it‘ll
turn your car into a concert hall. And it's
almost theft-proof: it leaves the car when
you do. Mind you, this entire package
weighs less titan 1-1/2 pounds and ﬁts
rather comfortably in the palm of your
hand.
Who knows? if you‘re one of the lucky
few who actually find a Discman of your
very own, you just may start looking
forward to traffic Jams.

 

THOUGHTS
(the book)

innit cmrl uxurioul I or a all
BloeitI Inkloravv’hlt‘oTwItstgundl, (flowld
twin 0“. n . I o a .
Bo cMcltornylo aﬁwm"
Return inc., 831 Mormon! Lana,
L.A., GA. 90009. (Allow le Wk. tor
delivery.)

 

 

r ----- "rim snort-transact?“
UNITED GTATEO o

"I on: null 0rd" mm «mm Mr
pill“ IMHO“ Unit“ '90,: cm»! Wm
m.” A m of III. and mum .
Milling... I I." II
n hohb IIIII. "Kl dﬂlll. cartoon slur-cur
Mil "In and much that. [WWW

land l o In a i

60
V

rod-n “it'i’m t tutu. nl mouiio‘
hﬂliﬂﬂiﬁﬁtll‘adl‘ilﬂﬁh

 

 

H .. PERFEQT. GIFTI

  

  

OATOR HATER. I
BITE BACK.

with m tun-mu

mun ui mmng pol
clotltu

 
  
 

SIOAKODILEI . m I...“ . Chum tum

SI I can't "it in bi '
ll Dull PIIIM Mud

m " IClaudia”! Br'lr‘iglultmrchlmbclow If:

I

, haunting lot um nun lVIrgtlslmnmwnw.m

   

Isl ﬂ
um u- - m w mull Antwan-swolcii'nﬂi'; 3511.13-
mm;

ADDREES

          
   
 

   
  

 

 

 

 

    

ctrv sure zip,
I M i. Xi
WWII N." l u ‘
tigm tum M,
’ ‘ mom i ,,

       

l in

 

rum. 2 worth it

 

 
       
    

