   

Colorblind
support

Would you support a system in which more
than 70 percent of its members cannot vote,
buy or sell land, or live or work where they
want? A system in which more than 70
percent of the population must live in
reserved areas that account for only 13
percent of the country’s total acreage while
the remaining 87 percent of the land is
reserved for 16 percent of the population?
Would you support a system in which more
than 70 percent of the population is
intentionally denied adequate health care.
education, and employment?

You do. Everyday.

The tuition you pay, the gas you buy, the
cars you ride in. the computers you use, the
government you elected, chances are, even the
bank you patronize, all help maintain and in
some cases actually promote a system that
denies basic human rights to a large majority
of its population.

This system you're supporting governs
South Africa, where apartheid, or strict
segregation of races, is a well-known policy of
the all-white regime, and discrimination
against blacks is not only permitted, it is
mandated by law.

Black Africans, although they are natives
of the country and currently make up 72
percent of its population, are not even
considered citizens under South African law.
At the age of 16 they are ﬁngerprinted and
thereafter, must always carry a pass book
containing their address. employment record,
taxes, family status and permits to enter white
areas. They are not allowed to travel freely
and even the mildest form of protest or
dissent can result .in mysterious arrests and
deaths.

Geographically speaking. all this is
happening thousands of miles away from us.
Financially and industrially. however, its
roots are here, deeply entrenched in the
American economy.

And that’s where you can and should want
to attack the problem. American companies
like IBM and GM run large operations in
South Africa, more than I25 U.S. banks,
including Marine Midland, have loaned
billions of dollars to both the government and
private borrowers there, and state universities
such as SUNY have millions of dollars tied up
in investments in corporations that operate
there.

In addition, our government, which usually
prides itself on defending democracy around
the. globe. has imposed few sanctions on the
regime. leaving us far behind in an area where
this country has itt the past sought to set the
example.

We are allowing our government and many
corporations to support a system in South
Africa that we would never stand for in our
own country. If we believe that racism is
wrong. and this country’s history shows that
we do, then it's our duty to oppose it
everywhere, not just where we can see it most.

Students have fought at the forefront of
this battle for many years. On Monday, our
Student Association is hosting a statewide
South African awareness day. Beginning at
noon and continuing into the evening there
will be a variety of speeches and programs
taking place around the small fountain and
inside the campus center.

At 6:30 there will be a pro-divestment
demonstration in front ofthe small fountains.
Students will be calling on organizations like
the SUNY board of trustees to divest their
holdings in South Africa.

We urge everyone to attend. Apartheid is
not limited to some far off country on the
southern tip of Africa. It’s happening right
here where our university. our banks, and our
government are supporting it.

 

 

 

 

1,.“ “Wu”... . .u . .  .. . WW...“ an. .. ., . _. .

 

 

\

 

t r

We

 

 

\\



1/

 

From bad to worse

Indeed? Why is it that the Reagan Administration is so
incompatible with the Contadora policies? Assuming it is
already abundantly clear. America and other western na-
tions are not willing to tolerate the emergence of another
“Cuba” in our hemisphere.

LFred Tabaracci i

At the primary level both the Contadora and Reagan
are in harmony. A Cuba~styled communist Nicaragua is
intolerable to America for strategic attd security pur-
poses, and to the Contadora. It would threaten
disintegration of each’s socio/political/economic
infrastructure.

And yet apparently Reagan is follwing one policy, and
the Contadora favors another.

Logically speaking, does it not make sense that Con-
tadora has a vital interest itt Nicaragua? Certainly, the
regional nations (i.e. the nations of Central and South
America) are increasingly achieving economic sovereignty
from U.S. corporations (supported by U.S. forces for
over 50 years) and in kind are seeking to unify the region,
independent of U.S. influence, in order to achieve a na-
tionalistic and regionalistic identity. This is required if
these nations expect to ever make something of
themselves and become a valuable member of the world
community of nations.

Also. logically speaking, is it not fair and substantial to
consider that the U.S. private contributions to the
Nicaraguan opposition are essentially designed in a man»
ner where U.S. corporations are perpetuating American
involvement; thus victory. so that when the next regime
assumes power. U.S. businessmen will gain valuable
economic concessions? Is it possible that Reagan is going
along with the U.S. business interests. looking away from
“Contadora” -—- the only group who has a legitimate in-
terest in Nicaragua’s future — barring of course. strategic
interests common to all of Western Hemisphere nations.

Certainly Reagan is conducting a policy which satiates
irresponsible U.S. capitalists, who will probably take
economic privleges interests away from Central
Americans. Is this not simply an extension or variation of
the same U.S. policy that has faced defeat after defeat itt
Central and South America for nearly a century?

I find it hard to swallow that the average U.S. citizen's
contributions to U.S. private Contadora supporters could
gain 20-25 million dollars - This money is coming in
from other sources undoubtedly, and is on all out effort
to undermine the legitimate economic opportunities,
sovereign rights and freedoms of the region's
natives/citizens that would emerge when the region final-
ly realizes peace.

Maybe for the short term Reagan can justify this policy
(especially since he would likely lose considerable support
from his “pockets l‘uIl-o'-money” constituency). In the
long term. however. by allowing U.S. businessmen to
“injustly” exploit Central American resources. using the
U.S. government as a guarantor. President Reagan is

 

simply adding fuel to the capitalist/communist bonfire.
Eventually, if not already, countriesthat are comprised
of Contadora will become totally disenchanted with HES.~
“strong-arm tactics," and begin looking elsewhere'for
economic allies. ' ’ 3%
By a long shot, there is nothing wrong with capitalism,»
in fact his proven to be a far better/'idealthati’ﬂlih-l‘

and ' " , butonly as long as'ea'pitallsts exer: ~

cise restraint, such that they can recognize their responb

sibility to their country (which provides for, nnd~secures=‘~

cessive profits. , , - v v - .

Are we, have we always been, coming: ing Centralﬁand
South American policy in the spirit'of E e Constitution,
or in the spirit of capitalism?

Is it right for the government to secure American
business’s interests outside of America, if and when those
businesses maintain a policy of excessive proﬁts and ex-
ploitation which causes a country, albeit a small third-
world country unable to care for their citizens, to lose
faith in everything America has stood for, and all the
things that have made America a good country/I . V

Perhaps capitalists who ignore their patriotic duty are
largely responsible for countries who give up all faithin“
America and turn elsewhere? 

Look back upon Central American history. Hasn’l'it'
been the U.S.A. which is always propping up frictional
governments?

A fine example is Salvadore Allende. Gossens (as
documented by Seymour Hirsch, in his book The Price of
Power), of Chile. Anaconda Copper. and enormous U.S.
corporation. for years conducted business with Chile. But
eventually the people of Chile sought tolreceive a fair
percentage of the proﬁts from Chilean copper exports via
Anaconda.

At ﬁrst Chile was furious when they discovered that
their economy had been denied billions of dollars. Then
the Chileans sought to renegotiate the contract with
Anaconda. Finally, since Anaconda would not negotiate
in good faith. Chile simply nationalized the copper min-
ing industry.

Futilely, Anaconda reproached the White House and
persuaded President Nixon to try and generate a coup to
thwart Chile's nationalization of the copper industry.
When the U.S. public learned of this, U.S. ﬁrms dealing
in Chile even donated their own funds to the CIA in order
to generate a coup. HoWever, the coup failed.

Therefore it was no surprise that Chile booted the
USA. out of tlte country. The U.S. government had
been persuaded to bend every constitutional rule in the
constitution in favor of securing continucdexploltation
of Chile’s copper mines. It is no small wonder that Chile
turned her back on America.

Chile happens to be only one shining examplv 0'
government abuse by U.S. businessmen who failed to am
in good faith. There are more instances as well. and if
America is not careful, it may soon add to the list Central
American nations.

their right to be capitalists). This is more vitalthan ex-

 

 

 

 

 

Campusn crusade
To the Edith y“ ' V

Campus C‘fdsridéffbr Christ is a nondenominational

student Christian organization. Here at SUNYA we want .

to be a resource,er students who want to investigate the
claims of Jesus Christ,-grow in their faith, and learn to

share the message of God’s love and forgiveness with”

others. We offer small group Bible study, retreats, con-
ferences, etc.

Weekly meetings are held in CC375 on Thursdays at ‘

9:00 pm. For more information. call Larry at 459-6463'
or Sue at 438-3861.

—Larry Wakefield

—Sue Marshall

A t  hand i

To "'9 ..‘9'?.-‘. '1. ‘ '

We atﬁMiddicEar‘th would like to thank the ASP for
making mention of our agency in their Growing Suicide
rate write-pp inthe September l0 issue.

We’d like to take this opportunity to remind our
students that Middle Earth is openfrom 9:00 am. until
12:00 a.m. Monday through Thursday and 2/1 hours on
the weekends. ‘

Middle Earth has tapes on Suicidal Crisis and Potential
which can be heard on our Info-Tape line at 442-5777 and
our phone counselors will be happy to assist you with

suicide questions and any other concerns you may have at

that time. .
Feel free to call us anytime - we will listen and we really
do care.
—Amy,Lawn
Middle Earth Staff

Only a game

Tothe Editor: 1

One of the most recent controversial "issues" that has
made its way into the press of late has been that of
teenage-suicides as a result of role-playiong games such as
Dungeonsand Dragons.- We would like to disperse some
common misconceptions about role-playing, especially in
light, of the recent story on “60 Minutes."

%

  

' auctioned 0' ma
Heidi J, cmn, Editor In ctrch
Dun Chung. John Keenan. Manna/nu Edltorc

 

 

 

 

 

“mu “Mn- Alli-In mm...- - mum."
‘ ' h n "m" Wolnctoln
ASPoctc "“ 'm-n Ginsberg
Ailoclclc um“ Editor ................................... Jan Spelling, Robyn Stein
Music Elma Mir-hut Eek

spam mm- “..m 3mm", t... t. 3
Editorial Page: Edllnr Inn-uh Fuwo

 

David LL. Lukin. Senior Editor

Contributing Editors Dun Botz. Wayne Put-boom, Editorial Aulotcntc:
Ken Dornbcurn. Bette Dumbo. Bllt Jacobs. Pun Entrust-mun. David Wor-
thelm at." writers: Donna Altman. Karen Bock. Rachel Btulow. Lullc Chili.
Doreen Clark, Inn Clements. Mlkl Dcrmcnaky. Rani Ginsberg. LluJIckci. Bill
chobc. Stacey Kern. John chlto. Gorey Lcyllnn. J. Michael Mcloc. Mlehul
Skolnlcit

Margie Rounlhcl. Buslnuc Manager
atephlnio action-til. Assoc/etc Bur/nus Murmur
Jocltl liclculty. Advert/ulna Maniac!

Dun Fllllchor, Sales Manager

 

 

an...“I nun... Rnlil
puvm" n-v Peron
N ‘- I'rlrtlt Dililmto

 

Advertising lulu: Karon Amctor. Funk Colo. Rich Utl. Advertising Produc-
tion: Lln Blehlcr. Ollie: curt: E. Phillip Hoover. 0. Daryl cm

Fltrlclc alcnnolc. Production Mmcpcr
GM: Coleman. Aucclcic Produorlcrr Mcnmr
Chlul Van-“II.- ln-nnln- Dlmugxo
Typlm: Jcln Christiano. Jodi Jocchc, Pun Birwbcr. unto-up: Lin Bork-an.
Klrrtcn Grill. EVIn Hlnn, E, Phillip Hoover. D. Durst Stat. M.D.Thcmpson.
Scnln Valentin chauffeur: Jlm Lolly

Photography principally supplied by University Photo lcnlcc, c student
910M .

Chlot Photographer: Kenny Kil‘luh it" In": Shul Albert. Mull Cuillcn, John
Curly. Lynn Drcilul. Robert Hmcmnnn. uni Mauror. Chile Onlni. Liu Bim-
rncnr. Erlcc apilpoi. Howard TYDII

Entire contents copyright ma Albany btudont Pun Corporation. III right-
reserved.

The Albany atudcnl Press to published Tuesdays and Fridays bclwun
August and June by the Albany Btudent Pru- Corpcutlun. III Independent
not-ior-prolli corporation.

Edtlorilll In wrltton by the Editor In Cilch with members at the Edllorici
tic-rd; policy is subject to review by tho Edllcrlnl Board. Advcnlclnc policy
can not necessarily reflect editorch policy. '

Mullan menu:
Alclny student Prue. CO 820
_ I400 Wuhlnnlcn Ave.
Alb-try. NY 12222
(MB) «ammo:

 

 

_ experience of the game.

Role-playing games DO NOT advocate going out and
actually killing people. or breaking laws in real life. Role-
playing games deal with the realm of fantasy worlds we
create in our imaginations where the personas of in-
dividuals we are “role~plsying" may (or may not) do

I there things. All these actions take place incfantasy worlds

' . that are real in the sense that the Star Trek .Universe and
‘Tolkien's Middle-Barth are real: in the context of the
. ‘storyc'These universes have their own laws in the same

sense that our (real) world has laws, and thepersonas. or

.eharacters, abide by these laws in the same way that we

abide by the laws and regulations of our university. com-
munity. state, and country.

In no way do we promote the belief that an individual
actually should go outand do what their character does in
the game. The most important thing to remember is that
it is only a game. a place where the imagination can run

free of the restraints of classes, work, and other everyday .

burdens people face, so they can have fun. and enjoy the

—-Davld Steinberg
The Albany Gamer’s Guild

Reform needed

To the Editor:

Last year a series of articles were published in the ASP
concerning the Ofﬁce ' of Minority Affairs and Eric
Bowman. I feel these articles were a joke!

The consensus among the staff and members of Stu-
dent Association was that the ofﬁce was considered wor-
thless because of its inefficiency. At one point the present
SA President informed me that the ofﬁce would be li-
quidated if it did not perform its duties this year, leaving
minorities no representation in school politics.

The idea of establishing a Minority Affairs Ofﬁce is
commendable if the ofﬁce is going to function and
beneﬁt not only the minority population of SUNY, but
the cultural organizations as well.

I also strongly suggest that Student Association con-
cern'itself with establishing a process in which positions
are not allocated through one 'simple interview consisting
of ten simple questions. making them a "grab bag" for
personal favorites. . ‘

By appointing a .comntittee of elected ofﬁcials (like
Central Council) to interview and evaluate the students
who apply for positions, the process would be considered
fair and proper; making it difﬁcult for appointments to
become popularity contests! ‘

—Ellzabelh V. Veloz

Redux

To the Editor:

Chapel .House lives! After our recent ﬁre we will
rebuild. For this year we are located in CC356. Come in
and join us for prayer, social activities, education and ser-
vice to our community. We are the Baptist, Episcopal,
Jewish. Lutheran, and Roman Catholic communities that
make up Chapel House.

—The Chapel House Staff

Registering thanks

To the Editor:

I’d like this to serve as an open letter of thanks to all
those who have helped to make the voter registration
drive so successful this year. To date we have registered
3,500 students. as compared to last years Student Action
total of 4,000 and we still have a full three weeks of voter
registration to go. The whole committee has just been
great as well as the acceptance and understanding shown
by the whole campus community. A special thanks also
must go out to the Delta Phi Epsilon sorority and Delta
Omichron Tau fraternity. for without their help. the drive
wouldn't have been nearly as effective. Thanks.

,—-Lnrry Hartman
Chair, Student Action

Casting call

To the Editor:

SUNYA’S Theatre Council is a group of people who
share a common interest, that is, working on a theatrical
production. The council offers anyone with an interest in
the theatre a chance to get involved. Theatre productions
require a lot of work, in areas such as acting. directing.
sound. lighting, set construction, design, props, make up,
costumes, stage managing, etc. You do not have to major
in theatre to get involved. There are various faculty and
student productions throughout the year and each show
always needs a helping hand. Give yourself an artistic
outlet, come to the general interest meeting Thursday,
September 26 at 4:30 pm. in the arena theatre. PAC.

—-Kathy Donahue

 

"c§?ls”pectos ’ _-

The ASP welcomes letters from readers.

Items must include the author's name and

phone number for verification.

 

 

.d.u
H8

Meet-go Prou Some.

“Willil'l‘tltamis'ibmt: .
. mam mwmmmwm“

 

Wm

 

 

as 1;:5.

.f Witch's“

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

.4,

./' 

  

 

 

