 

 

   
    

 

 

 

 

uR-SPRUNG —- Adam Ureprung extende lully tor a rebound In

Saturday's Oneonta game.

FEBR UAR Y 12, 1985 3:

By Jerry Camplone

'SENIOR EDITOR

The beat goes on. ,

The Albany State Great Danes
continued their winning .ways
Saturday. crushing the Oneonta

-. . State Red Dragons. 82-55. at
. University Gym.

The Danes. coming off two
tough games against local rivals
Skidmore and Union earlier in the
week. had afield day with Oneon-
ta. a team loaded with freshmen
and sophomores. Albany com-
pletely dominated the game from
the floor. out-shooting and out-
rebottnding the Dragons. and for-
cing the inexperienced squad into
22 (turnovers.

Dan Crotttier with 20 points
and Adam Ursprttng ‘with 16 were
the sparks in Albany's fire.
Ursprung also hauled in nine re-
bounds. Dave Adam. coming off
a spectacular 16 point perfor-
mance against Union on Wednes-
day, hit for eight points. as did
John Mracck.

Oneonta was led by junior for~
ward Al Bisltop. who put in 17
points. Shawn James and Joe
Mullins had-eight’apiece.

For the first ten minutes of the
game. no one would have ex-
pected sttch a runaway. Oneonta
took a quick four-point lead
which the Danes erased. but
Oneonta managed to stay close.
keeping Albany's lead to just
three. 16-13. with a little under
ten minutes left.

Albany then got down to
business. reeling off eight straight

points and outscoring the
Dragons 21-9 through the rest of
the half, and taking a 37-24
halftime lead.

The second half proved two
things: how deep the Albany team
really is and how inexperienced
Oneonta is. The Danes’ starters
began the second half, but
halfway through. Albany Head
Coach Dick Sauers went to his
bench and finished the game with
his reserves.

On the other side of the court.
Oneonta Coach 'Don _ Flewelling
played everybody and. unfor-
tunately for him. nothing helped.

With less than two minutes
gone. Greg Hart took the ball all
the way in on a fast break and
slammed it home for two points.
charging up the crowd and giving
an indication as to what kind of
half it was going to be.

Albany was fighting on the
boards and hitting almost
everything. giving them a 20 point
lead with more than seven
minutes left to play. This is when.
according to Sauers. Oneonta
“threw in the towel."

Nothing could stop the Danes.
offensively or defensively. At one
point. they stole the ball three
timesin a row. coverting all three

steals and running up a 27 point ‘

lead with 3 minutes to play. which
is the way it stayed for the rest ,of
the game.

.Flcwelling summed up his
team's performance and dismal
season (5-14. 0<li in the SUNY
Athletic Conference) very con-

twiitft‘l-tﬁ’ «trauma

a

Danes crush Oneonta. Clinch SUNAEberth,.

"r'idriiknlt-W“?

  

Dick Sauers:
Countdown to
.500 wins ’

'-xm3,2,1...500~ l

     
 

  

cisely: “We‘re a very. very young
inexperienced team." Flewelling "
added that. on top of being inex-

perience. “we don't have a lot of‘“ “

talent." . -

“We were trying to rely on the
perimeter, and you can't win that '-
way." he said. adding that .his.‘ '
team spent a lot of time standing :
around and looking instead of
fighting for rebounds.

Sauers. on the other hand. felt ‘
his team" played “an intelligent
game." " We have more good
players than they do right now."
he said. “and everybody
contributed.”

According to Flewelling, his
team stayed close in the first half
by changing their defenses. a
point which Sauers agreed upon.
“it took a while to adjust, but we
were able to recognize the dif-
ferent defenses." Sauers said.

Another problem Oneonta fac- .
ed all night was the new its-second
clock, which is being used in con-
ference‘ games. “1 hate it."
Flewelling said. adding that the
clock "always favors the team
with the most talent and takes us
out of the game." Several times in
the first half Oneonta had to
force a shot just before the clock
expired. ' ' ‘

Flewelling called Croutier the
key to Albany's attack. and
Saturday night proved ,it.
Croutier scored 14‘ of his 20

points In the first half and accor- "

ding to Sauers. was responsible
for Albany's first half lead.
' i 25»

Women cagers battle Cortland for first place

By Kristine Sauer
ililIUIlHI ASSISTANT

A 76-73 overtime victory over an upset-
minded Plattsburgh teatn on Friday night.
plus a decisive 76-48 win over Potsdam on
Saturday. set the Albany State women's
basketball team's record at 19-2 going into

tonight's game against Cortland. which
decides first place iii the league.

“The Plattsburgh gante was a classic
case of one team being ready to play and
the other was not." said Albany coach
Mari Warner. “Unfortunately. we were
the ones who weren‘t ready to play. We

 

By Rachel Breslow

SUNYACs..

backstroke clocking in at 35.5.

their best times."

 

record.

Women swimmers sink St. Rose

“l'm psyched. l'm scared. it’s been along season and l'm psyched for it to end on a
good note." said 'ophomore swimmer Carol Pearl.

This statement troved true as Albany State scored a whopping 100-16 victory over
St. Rose. on Saturday. Because the season is very long. lasting from October through
February. team unity and cohesiveness have been key elements in the team’s success.

Although St. Rose is a new team and Albany State entered mainly freshmen swim-
mers. the Danes had little trouble in crushing their opponents. Sophomore Randy
Morrow swam to a personal best of 6:08 in the 500 freestyle. qualifying for the

Other notable performances included sophontore Pepper Schwartz’s victory in the
100 freestyle with a time of 1:03. Jewel Rambo sworn to a season hem of 2:58.23 in the
200 meter breaststroke. Freshman Nicole Legendre swam an impressive 50 yard

According to assistant coach Caroline Schcrlock "the girls have just finished the
hardest part of the season. now they're beginning a taper. Now they should be hitting

“The whole season is geared towards tltc SUNYAC championship." said Pearl. “
We hope we'll conic to our peak at that time. So far it seems to be working.".

Albany is looking to qualify as many swimmers as possible for the SUNYAC chum-
pionships to be held at SUNY Oswego. February 20-23. Thus far fourteen ltavc
qualified. The list includes: freshmen Doreen Clark and Jenny Morrow. sophomores
Sue llass. Linda Ccrky. Mary Duly. Carol Elie. Kristen Kitzman. Randy Morrow.
(,‘arol Pearl. Mary-Anne Schmidt, Pepper Schwartz. and Nancy Stnith. Also qualifying
are junior (co-captain) Cluire Blanthorn and senior Kris Monohan.

“The team works together as u whole."suid Schmidt. “ When people see the swim
learn they see us as a whole. That's one of the greatest things about the tcttm.

Assistant coach Caroline Scltarlock noted tltc Outstanding performances of Pearl
throttghottt the season. She shattered Albany State's 200. 500, and 1000 yard freestyle
records. Freshman Doreen Clark also broke the Albany State 200-tnetcr hilcksll’ilifit;

 

beat them substantially earlier in the
season; this time we had too much self-
asssurance."

Plattsburgh came out strong from the
start. A stunned Albany team was behind
most of the game and never had a substan-
tial lead. At halftime. Albany trailed by
six. 32-26.

The determined Danes scored six points
within the first four minutes of the third
period to tie the score at 32. Then with 13
minutes left on the clock the Danes trailed
by six again. This was typical of the entire
game.

“We'd tie the score and they’d follow it
with a basket down at their cnd._then we'd
be trailing again." said Warner.

With 42 seconds left Albany tied the
score. “We had just scored to tie it and we
went into our 1-3-1." said Warner. “We
were trying to force a bad shot. instead
Ronnie Patterson fouled." Plattsburgh

converted the 1.1 for two points and the'

Danes were trailing again. After running

the clock down the Danes tied to bring the .

game into overtime._ .

Going into overtime Rainny Lesunc‘and

Diane Fernanch both had fouled out and
Cindy .letison had four fouls against her.

Lesanc was Albany's high scorer with 15 V

points and contributed seven stcttls.

Donna Hughes. who came into the over-
time with thrcc first half points. scored all
six of Albany's winning points. pacing the
Danes ahead of Plattsburgh 76-70. Platt-
shttrgh was ltcld to three points itt the extra
period enabling the Danes to keep their
lead and win 76-73.

lichind Lesane ltt scoring for the Danes
were Lori liuybu (14 points). Kim Kosalck
(It) points) and Ronnie Patterson (10

points).

“l’m pleased that the players were able
to come back." said Warner. “1n the final
minutes we had two three point plays by
Lori and Kim which really helped.”

Albany outscored Plattsburgh from‘rthe.

floor and Plattsburg’h scored 15 tnore
points from the free throw line. Albany
shot 31 for 70 from the field while Platt-
sburgh hit only 22 out of 54. The foul
plagued Danes sent Plattsburgh to thezléne

>

MOHAI IULIN 

, ' ' 1
Kim Koselek driving lot" the hoop

  

 

VQ‘L-UMEVLXXTIQ ,

 
 
 

~ ' Y
LJD NT
1:88,

 

 

‘ THE STA'TEVUNTVERSIT‘Y   YORK. AT ALBANY BY THE ALBANY STUDENT PRESS CORPORATION'

February 22,1985

  

    

NUMBER 6

 

 

 

ciroiyl‘.  f

"The morayou, witness rhe-mare-cloaalymtr‘see. ‘1:

  
 

 

 

 

STAFF WRITER

'medium.

 

- Carolyn Forshe, a renowned
-poet and writer.
sincerity and poise to an audience
of about 35 Thursday afternoon.
. Forshe, author 'of “Gathering

.Tribes” and “Country Between
‘Us” was referred to as a rare in-
dividual. an inner witness of our
time who uses language as her

spoke with

And language did prove to be
'her medium as she evoked a
'sizeable response from her au-~
dience in the question and answer
- discussion she held in the Campus
r Center Assembly Hall.

Forshe. a poet before all else.
spoke of her experiences with
.poetry and of the many faraway
,lands her work has led her to.

t “The little choices one makes.»
in life can follow no particular
. pattern. just follow what you are
'concerned with." she said.

Forshe said she is committed to
working against capital punish:
-ment. international torture and
- guerrila warfare. 2;
She explained guerrila.warfarc
.»,as:.af,proc,ess of people being "currently based‘in Lebanon.

driven ‘.to~'militant a I '

ctsbcc‘aus
' “ personal-experienced“ in

Forshe has traveled to El
Salvador. Lebanon. lsrael. and
Northern lreland and eloquently
described her exposure to the hor-
rors of civil war and injustice.

“it is in three places that l
realized that torturing could hap-
pen to anyone. not just those that
knew it existed." She explained a
story of a friend that was tortured
for four days straignt over a issue
she knew nothing about.

“She told me of the torturings
so many times. in such great
detail. it is almost as if she were
obsessed," Forshe explained
emotionally.

Speaking of the injustices that
went on in these countries. she
said that what horrified her even
more was how we in the United
States perceived the tragedies.

“1 used to think the American
‘media was just limited but after 1
saw «what reporters saw, read
what they wrote, and then saw
what American citizens read. 1
realized 1 was wrong." she ex-
plained. adding that the
American public 'did not even
know about the nuclear warheads

qcf ' -'.{Siuing;_ln.uitour. living, room
""‘~ watching Sunday nevi/s, ‘it Just

  

Poetry infuses Forshe’s life

‘ By Pam Schusterman

wouldn’t sound right, nuclear
warheads in Lebanon, so they
didn’t tell you." she said.

However, in response to a ques-
tion posed by a student about
how she could witness all this and
still maintain her sanity. Forshe
said. "the more you witness the
more clearly you see." She added
that she is continually amazed
and must always reassess her
thoughts.

“What people did not realize in
Lebanon was that just talking to
Americans doesn’t change things
so easily," she said. She explained
that she felt fear coming back to
the U.S. and expressing herself to
Americans.

“in these countries people are
so committed they will die for
you. you don’t feel that in
America where everyone is in-
dividual." she said.

Forshe. an indiVldual who does
not speak in a cynical nature. ex-
plained the importance of getting
involved and seeking truth. “i
feel 1 do not really know a situa-
tion unless i am in that place but
you must always dig deeper."

When asked how all these ex-
periences affected her as an in-

i9»

PosSibIe programiphase‘ odt instigates protest

By Alicia Cimbora'
ASOCIATE NEWS EDITOR

Administrators in favor ‘of phasing
out the Business Education Program
will have a ﬁght on' their hands as
demonstrated by students in that depart-
ment who protested outside the Educa-
tion Building Tuesday and threatened
further action if their demands aren't
met.

Approximately ﬁfteen students. wear-
ing signs proclaiming “Lower quality ,
student." participated. chanting “Save
Business Ed." outside the Education
Building before entering and presenting

School of Education Dean Robert Koff
with a list of demands. .

Among the demands made to Koff
was that he and Vice. President of
Academic Affairs Judith Ramalay
publicly apologize to the Task Force stu—
dying the program and the faculty of the
department for allowing them to study a
question "that has already been decided
by the administration."

Student Association President Rich
Schaffer. who participated in the pro-
test. called the Task Force a “costume”
and asserted that the administraiton has
“basically spit at the program." He ad~

ded. “O’Leary has sent the word down

Education Program on an equal footing

that the program is dead."

Koff has also been asked to publicly
apologize to the students in the depart—
ment for his referral to them as “lower
quality students" with “academic
deficiencies.” _

Koff has refuted these remarks ex-
plaining at the time that he was referring
to the high number of transfer students
in the program who “haven't had the
background those who entered here as
freshmen have had."

. A revision of priorities is also being
demanded to “include the Business

Test thefts tarnish image of business school

By Donna MacKenzle

Last week’s theft of two Accounting 222
exams was the latest incident in a round of
stolen Business School tests which are tar-
nishing the school's reputation.

Mike Miller. Central Council Academic
Affairs Committee chair. asserted that
“one of the exams was stolen from the
Lecture Center while the professor was
talking with one of his students.”

Miller said. .“Busincss School sources
indicate the string of incidents are tar-
nishing the schbol's reputation with some
firms in New York City and may com-
promise students with Business degrees
from SUNYAJ.’

i

The thefts, which occurred last week.
are the latest in a series of thefts that have
plagued the Stﬁibol of Business over the
past two mont it. During finals week last
semester. Accounting 21]. Accounting
222. and Management Science 215 cxnmea
were also stolen.

The Academic! Affairs Committee In

 

stolen last semester were taken by someone

 

working on the assumption thatthp finals .'

who had a key. because there was ap-
parently no forced entry into the pro-
fessors’ ofﬁces. according to Miller.

Miller met with Vice-President of
Academic Affairs Harry Hamilton last
Wednesday afternoon and said. “an order
to change the locks on the School of
Business building and ofﬁces was discuss
ed." Miller also said he hopes the locks
will be changed as soon as possible.

Hamilton also expressed the belief that
last semester's thief or thieves had access
to a key. He said he hopes “that the
students in the university will realize the
seriousness of the situation and come for-
ward with any information which they
may have on who could have taken the ex-
am from the professors' offices."

"About two dozen people have been
charged with academic dishonesty in both
incidents," said Hamilton. “if found gull.
ty by the University Judicial Board they
could face penalties ranging from Judicial
warning to academic dismissal."

TEST BANK
Student Association's test bank will

open on Monday. February 25. according
to Miller. At Wednesday‘s meeting. he
said that the tests from many courses, in-
cluding Biology 322. Economics 101.
Finance 300. History 311B and Philosophy
210 had been placed in the file and are a
representative sample of the different tests

in the test bank. The test bank will be

located in the Student Association office.
Campus Center 116.

lAFFll‘lMATIVE ACTION

A new Affirmative Action policy. which
will create two new SA positions. was past:-
ed unanimoust by Council after a long
debate. ‘

Steve Russo. chair of the internal Af-
fairs committee whlclt developed the
policy. argued that only one position
should be created in the interests of effl-
clcney. After the policy was passed. he
said. “since Council has created two posi-
tions, then it must put its money where its
mouth in and find botlt positions or other-
wise the whole policy would be wasted."
Both positions will be stipencd. I”)

 

 

 

with the other Teacher Education Pro-
grams." said one protestor. William
Salerno. a sophomore. who added. “all
we want is for the program to be put on
a plateau with other education
programs."

Koff was given no advance notice of
the demonstration. and. according to
Schaffer. “he tried to give us his
mumbo-jumbo aobut how the ball is not
in his court...he said he has to represent
the priorities of the university."

if their‘ demands are not met. said
demonstrator Mike Miller. “we‘ll step
up protests and take further'action.”
This could include a big rally some time
next week. Schaffer said.

The Business Education Department
stopped admissions to the program in
the fall of 1983. The sudden death of
one of four faculty members ’isast

b

 

SA President Rich St‘hai'fcr will be one of
several students to meet wttit President O'i.car)‘

