 

  

My roommate woke up in a cold sweat. A primal utterance
escaped his lips. Then, a quick dash to the bathroom. Relieved of
what he described as a “blue jet of noxious. gaseous flame." he
slithered into bed, leaving the unpleasant bodily contortions
behind. so to speak. And as l lay in bed, my roommate's painfully
pinioned face indicated one very important thing to me — any
chicken wings that can make you feel that bad in the morning can’t
have been anything but great the night before.

How often have we awoken only to have no memory of the
previous evening’s feast? Ask your roommates what they had for
dinner last night. They can't remember, can they? Well. not only
can my roommate tell me what he ate last night. but I can usually
make a pretty good guess just from being near him. With Hurley’s
wings. the whole dorm has a pretty good idea as well.

The previous evening, I ventured to Hurley's with three hall
mates. We received prompt service from a most kind and attractive
waitress. Sherrie. We ordered the obligatory pitcher of Bud and
wings by the ten. For Stephen, my expressive roommate. the nod
went to mild. For Samuel J.M. Murray, (Sam the Man). hot was
preferred. For Susan, either a vegetarian or a weakling, french fries
were the order. This reporter opted for three-alarm wings.

I spread some Noxema on my virgin tongue and began consum-
ing. The first impulse shot into my brain like the kiss at the end ofa
wet fist. These were hot stuff. I quickly evacuated all taste buds in-
capable ol‘ the hot sizzle. Then it occured to me that these plump
little things actually had more than temperature to them. and that,
in fact. l enjoyed them. I was happy. My sinuses were ecstatic.

 

'Samuel was having a slightly more intense time of it. Actually.
this was not a good evening for him to be partaking in the flaming
foul, for a deep and villainous sore of unknown origin had festered
within his ﬂeshy cheek. causing mass hysteria among his more sen-
sitive nerve cells. However, like a trooper, Sam is a tender man
eating a tough chicken. He maintained his nativeborn British wit,
and even uttered the humorous, although unoriginal comment.
“Think of all the wheel chairs they have to manufacture for those
poor chickens.”

Sherrie. the waitress, was more than helpful. ﬁrst, as the bearer
of wings and then as the purveyor of key World Almanac-type
chicken wing information. For example, Hurley's (and probably
other wing establishments) maintains their wings by the case. On
any given evening. they will prepare and sell five cases of wings of
alternating temperatures and ﬂavors. There are 500 wings to a case.
That’s a lot of wings. man.

We each ordered a second serving, except Susan, of course. I
asked Sherrie if there was anything hotter than three-alarm, as I
love spicy food. My, what a fool I was. She delivered, I suppose,
“ultra three-alarmers.” If I remember correctly, they were tasty.
You see, my tongue Went on strike. I couldn‘t really taste the
wings. However. since the previous order was so very tasty indeed.
one may assume that the ultra-threes were good as well.

As Sam toasted at the beginning of the evening, “To the
establishment of what a chicken wing really is.” Well, I believe that
I now have scratched a little below the surface in my quest for the
meaning of wings. ‘

- I truly recommend Hurley's. The service is prime, the wings
plump and tasty. Everybody l was with agreed with me. I can still
eat baby food for a snack.

By the way. don’t ever go with your roommate.

-Dave Wertheim

October 4, 1985

 

-- ........x.:..-.,-. ............ .. .

Aisp‘ects’ guide to '
Albany—style
Baffan

chicken wings

  

Aspects 5a

 

 

   
 

  

  

 

1' Sutter’s . i

It was a late September afternoon. You-know the type where the
leaves are just turning and the sun warms-you just enough tosweat.
The mdod in my apartment was tentatie. It had been a day of'stu-

- dying, and I’d just about had it. Suddenly, the phone rang. I
answered. “M.F. here. Student by day, cub reporter by night."
The voice on the other end was a sexy sounding female. She told
'me she was the editor of some paper, Aspects. I cleared my throat.
She said, “I have a case for you." I was interested. I could tell
already. This was no ordinary lady. I said. “Okay, give me the

lvestigate him and call me with

 

Across the Street Pub

I received a call on Thursday. My mission, should I choose to ac-
cept it. was to get the real scoop on the infamous wings at the hot
spot known as Across the Street Pub. I decided I was equal to the
task. So l got together a small but efficient staff, quickly briefed
them on the assignment. and we were on our way.

Across the Street Pub is located at l238 Western Avenue. and
like the name says. is directly across the street frotn the uptown
campus. This is a big plus since it eliminates the need to drive. We
made our visit on a Monday evening at about ll pm. There were
many free tables. sotnething you will definitely not find on a
weekend or a night when a good game is on TV. In general,
though. the place is never so crowded that you are fighting the per-
son next to you for a spot to stand. It is not a stand up. “mingling”
type of bar. It is meant to be a place to sit and talk with a group of
friends and get something to eat and drink.

The atmosphere was described by my group as “homey.” The
walls are done in orange and brown earth tones and are decorated
with simple pictures. It is ditnly lit by colorful lamps. The old-
fashioned fans on the ceiling add a nice touch. The music is basic
rock and roll and is kept at a volume so you don‘t have to scream
to be heard. Basically a clear. comfortable setting.

The waitress came over immediately. She was polite and friend-
ly, as I've found most of the help there is. We ordered a pitcher of
beer and one order of hot and one order of mild wings.

Our food was served in about l2 minutes, but it can sometimes
take as long as 20 minutes on a crowded night. An order of wings
costs $2.75 and comes with 10 wings, four pieces of celery and a
small container of bleu cheese-dressing. We thought this seemed
pretty fair. except maybe they could have been more generous with
the bleu cheese. We agreed the sire and consistency of the wings
were good. They were all fairly meaty and not too dry. The hot
wings were. in our opinion, easily the better of the two. The sauce
was not too thick and was spicy enough to give them a strong
flavor but did not leave your mouth burning. The mild went
beyond mild. They were wimpy. There Was no sauce at all on them.
What they were soaking in was grease. ()ne member of my group

said they even left an aftertaste of grease in her mouth. A person at
the next table who said he always ordered the mild told me the trick
was to dump the wings in the bowl meant for the bones so they
could drain. That seemes to work pretty well, but I'm not sure it
would improve them enough to get me to order them.

All in all, Across the Street Pub is a nice cozy place to just hang
out with friends and have a few drinks and get some food. No one
in my group said they would make a trip there specifically for the

wings, but th rec of the four of us said we‘d probably order them if .

we were there. People at other tables had different opinions. One
guy said he thought the sauce was the best around. and he came all
the time for the wings. Another said the proximity to campus was a
bonus but complained the beer was too expensive. On our way out,
a member of my group summed up his thoughts, “They’re better
than most I've had, but of course, I'm always drunk when i eat

them . . ." '
-Marie Santacroce

 

 

details. "

shape, color."

 

“I want you‘to find Wing. Find on what he’s all about: size.

 

‘  OT. S -
Despite being one of the more estabished bars in Albany.
Washington Tavern (WT’s) is a relativcEewcomcr to the wing'

 

 

wars. adding them to their menu earlier his year. The ﬁrst few
samplings indicated the bar should’ve stu with pizza. The wings
tended to be small, and the sauce never ~ng quite as hot as a fire
breathing wing enthusiast would want it t be.

Future visits yielded some better efforts from the kitchen. but
they never approached: the standard farei from Skipper’s. When
you go to those places, you go for the wings. At WT's. ordering
wings can be an adventure. 5

In a single order of ten wings ($2.50), thdre will inevitably be one
chicken part that almost resembles a whole'wing. It’s about 90 per-
cent skin and lo percent bones, and it cotild ruin your appetite if
you choose to eat it first.

The sauce doesn't vary that much from hot to mild; the end
result either smacks of vinegar or barbecue sauce, and the cooks
have very little concept of the torturous depths onc's tongue can
sink to. If you like them “nuclear” or "death," save yourself some
disappointment.

The bleu cheese is honest bleu cheese. not the garlic mix you get
at some other places. And a double order of wings comes with two
helpings of the white stuff. great for dipping the fresh sticks of
celery and carrots provided.

Getting wings at WT's was always a secondary thing; there were
always other priorities to take care of. Bul after the most lecenl.
sampling of the wings, things might be changing.

Something was different right from the start. The wings were
uniformly large. and had a healthy red glow rather than a tired
brown look. The sauce was not as hot as desired. but it was satisfy-
ing nonetheless. Fluke or not. it was a welcome switch from the
tired. wrinkled wings that have come from WT’s kitchen for the
past several months. '

-Dean Chang

7

 

I asked her where I could ﬁnd him.

“Several possibilities. Word has it he usually hangs out at
Hurley’s. Harpo’s. or Sutter's Mill and Mining company. In-
the pertinent informa-
tion . . . please." she said, with that seductive air in her voice.

I hung up. My first move was Sutter’s. I arrived at about 7:00.
Not bad for a Sunday night. I thought. Half tilled. Pleasant at-
mosphere. At least this Wing guy had taste. I made my way to the
counter. The woman working gave me a sharp, cool stare. I said.
“Wing. Where can I find him?” She replied, “You came to the
right place fella. How many?" Puzzled, I answered, “I want it
all.“ She said. “Sit tight. He’ll be right out." I was amazed at the
service. I had been prepared for a hassle. But instead I was going to
meet the big guy right away. I ordered a Mich Light and sat down.
The wood tables and jukebox music created the ideal atmosphere
for my confrontation with Wing.

She called my name and nodded. There he was in all his glory.
He was larger than I expected. His suit a-savvy, reddish color. He
had-those vegetableswith him. He sat down at my table. I started
out by asking 'him what he was made of. He answered with a
mouthful of meat. The lights, bright when I had entered, began to
dim. The mood changed. It was becoming difficult to maintain
mny composure. He was a hot one all right. But I chewed away at
him. Oh, he was good. Too good, maybe. I got right down to the
bone of the wing. He was helpless in my hands. He was quickly
fading. I knew I had him. At the end he lay there, a mere scrap of 3
Wing.

I got up and went over to the phone. slipped a quarter in and
dialed. She answered. I said, “Sweetheart, I found him."

“What’s he like?” she asked.

I said the only thing I could say. “Sutters is the place to find
Wing. But if you want to know what he’sreally like, you’d best go
there yourself. You won't be disappointed. Oh, and tell him M.F.
sent you."

I walked out the door into the crisp, breezy night, my appetite

‘ for action satisfied. Another case closed for M.F.. cub reporter.

-Marc Feriton

 

 

 

Skippers Tavern

waitress at Skippers to give me the hottest wings they made.
“You want the death wings. Are you sure?"
I swallowed once and said. "Yes."

excuses.

 

Just the sound of the word bothered me. Death. I'd asked the

_ Were they that hot? I'm writing this. aren't l? They weren‘t bad.
just not hot. When the waitress asked if they were hot enough I
honestly replied. “No.” She then explained away the situation tell-
mg me. about the “new chef." As that hero of our times. Maxwell
Smart. would say, “Ah, yes - the old new chef routine." Excuses.

For your money ($4.75 for a double. $2.50 for a single) you do
receive plenty of carrots and celery. as well as thick. tasty bleu
cheese. But who cares? The wings weren’t’hot. Period. The mild
wmgs my roommate. Marty. ordered were all barbecue sauce,

which may suit some tastes. but not minc- Mild should mean semi-
hot while death should mean death. A150, the chickens from which
my wings derived must have been Purdue rejects. The wings were
tiny. with little meat on them.

Perhaps the chef will learn truth in advurtising- In the meantime.
the wings are acceptable. They have a great large screen TV. and
pitcher specials during,the week.

Skippers used to have the best wings. but those days are gone
now. Skippers hasn't changed in any other noticable ways. but
wings. hot deadly wings, were why I Went out of my way to go
there. I’ll still stumble there on occasion. but it won't be the some
until death wings kill again.

 

 

 

 

 

-lau Spelling

Harpo’s

Harpo's Pub is located on New Scotland Avenue, near Madison
Avenue. Harpo’s is a dimly-lit Pub with unfinished furniture. The
atmosphere is rather rustic, perhaps one could even call it “rugg-
ed.” I felt as though this was the type of place one goes to get ham-
mercd with a few friends and not for socializing. My friend Dave
said. “It’s the type of place I’d go to f0r atmosphere; it’s rugged
and relaxed. Besides. normal and/or average college kids hang out
here.” '

Harpo’s boasts that its chicken wings are “Buffalo-style." Jen-
nifer Manner thought that. even though she's never been to Buf-
falo, Harpo's wings are what that city had in mind. Being a natch
of Rochester. I assure yon they are at least very close.

The sauce on the wings my friends ate was tangy enough. but not
thick like a barbecue sauce. Of course. that was fine with us,
because that way they weren't as messy as they might otherwise
have been. l-Iarpo's chicken wing sauce gets an A-. As Dave put it.
“They burn going in and they burn coming out -— that way you get
to enjoy them twice..

Someone thought some of the chickens must have been starved.
As we evaluated the portions of wings at Harpo's. we discovered
that while there were some shaply lcgs, there were also a number of
scrawny ones. “I wish I had legs like that." said Marie. The por-
tions were very mediocre.

If you want to relax and enjoy many fine wings and much beer.
llarpo‘s is a good place to go. On a scale of one to ten. my friends
and I feel that Harpo's wings are a solid 7. We also gave their
“Drink and Wing" specials a perfect [0.

-Brenda Schaeffer

  

 

 

The Lamp‘Post

The Lampost on a quiet Sunday evening. Rambo leaps from an outcropping onto
the giant screen. “eating food that would make a Billy Goat puke.” Talk about hot
wingsl

Commercial time. Heads turn, the inanimate, lazy faces of homo suburbus. ln-
terests peak. They’re comfortable enough to shrug off Sylvester Stallone. but not
enough to shrug off J heri Redding, Lee lococca or the Pepsi Generation. Real people.
real people, wherefore art thou?

Single order hot, extra blue cheese. I've no pride when it comes to cholesterol. Or
hot foods. I was challenging the chef at Hurley‘s when everyone else thought life stop-
ped this side of Central Ave. When Hurley’s had the greatest wings this town will ever
see. When there was still a distant hope I would graduate in four years. A seared and
seasoned palate. an elite veteran (no, I wasn't about to start shooting up the place),
always a step beyond the trends. it was tough to digest the thought of returning. or
condescending to, of all places, still undergraduated, to the black hole of the student
ghetto. The wings were hardly better.

There are four criteria for evaluating wings —- in order of importance — taste. size,
heat and bleu cheese. To be fair, Post wings were strong in two and three. but came up
short in the uh-like-totally important number one, and turned in their worst perfor-
mance in number four.

The wings arrived steaming hot (thermally speaking). with an ample disposal bowl
for those ersatz wingers who don't go for the bones, and a Wet-Nap device. Personal-
ly. I’ve always found one of the greatest pleasures of winging to be waking up the
morning after with the quite pungent remains of hot sauce enscconced in my
moustache and finger nails, its ambiance with me throughout the fc‘lowing two or
three days. That's what you get for being on the wrong side of Central Ave.

A quick dip of the left index finger into the bleu cheese (I’m a purist — no veggies)

. and l was more than a tad chagrined by its soupy consistency and wimpy flavor.

When it came to size. however, these flappers were as macho as they come — a
bounty of hefty fowl. But its the eyes that lies and the tongue that tells — a near-
perfect lech of spicy-hotness could not mask the telltale sign of banal wings — the
barbeque motif, dead giveaway for second-class wings. A great wing sauce fuses from
diverse elements a perfectly balanced totality that transcends its ingredients, hinting of
them all without reeking of any one. Post wings were barbeque all the way.

I had farewell to Rambo. the Wet-Nap crowd, and nice-try wings. Since I was on
this side of town. I stopped in at Frank's Living Room for a real beer among real peo-
ple. No Wet-Naps, thank you.

-David LL. Laskin

 

photos and cover by Kenny Kirsch. Ups

 

