 

16 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS E] FRIDAY, MARCH 22. I985 ’

."1 .,-.-.».~,._ ., -,. am... y,» M _t u, ,. . l a, W, ... .. ., ..,

 

All [arcs subi
0 lando

L'l‘

— NOW MORE THAN [VIII YOUR BEST VAtUI T0 IUROPI ‘

 

—-rulmmmm—

 

MID ICEWD‘M INL'WDES Ml. THESE mm: ‘

El Free wine with dinner, cognac after—in ﬂight. [3 Free deluxe roundtnp
motorcoach between Luxembourg and select cities in Germany, Belgium and
Holland. [1 Reduced train fares to Switzerland and France. U Super Saver
Kemwel car rentals at $59 per week in Luxembourg.

WE'RE WE om WAY Ill f" in "IE BRE‘M‘KIHG mm W MENU.
From a 24~hour stopover to a grand tour of two weeks or more. we have the
perfect package for a visit to Iceland, Europe's most beautifully kept secret.
Ito rhuch and $3.00 international departure tax. All fares valid 4/l4~6/t!{85. except
——5/l-5I'Jl/tt§. l'or infornlalkm, restnctlons and reservations for all of lcelandau' a low (area,

call lcelandair toll-tree al Laotian-5500. In New York City 757-8585.

ICELANDAIR .
[-

 

 

 

By Andrea Corson
smrr wanes

The first question asked of man in the world to

come, according to the Talmud. a Hebrew oral
tradition, is “Were you honest in bUSiness?" said
Rabbi Moshe Bomzer, who spoke on the topic of
“Money and the Ethics of Jewish Business" Tues-
day in the Campus Center.
' Bomzer has worked with students on different
college campuses for over fifteen years, teaching, he
said, anyone who wants to learn more about the
Jewish religion. He holds two degrees in
psychology, a Masters in Jewish philosophy, and
one in Social work as well.

"A judge who perverts justice is called
unrighteous. hated. repulsive. and accursed," and
according to Bomzer, “every person involved in
business is a judge." Therefore, any one of those
words can categorize that person, if they do not
conduct their business in a straightforward manner.

According to Bomzer, Jewish business ethics are
universal business ethics and “what's good for the
goose is good for everybody.” When dealing with
business judgement there must be no differentiation
between Jew and non-Jew. he said.

However, "religion must permeate everything we
do." One cannot be holy in the synagogue, a thief
on the street and still be considered a Jew. said
Bomzer. “What you do on the inside must be done
on the outside,” he said.

All business ethics involve “respectable
lawlessness" to some degree, whether it be
monopolistic trickery. collusions between buyer
and purchaser. or conspiracy between management
and labor, said Bomzer. He spoke of ' Jewish

fraud. ’_'

Rabbi tells of bUs‘in‘ess ethics

business ethics occuring years ago, some of which'
involved collusions between
management.

Bomzer told of one Jewish man‘s "collusion."

The man. Bomzer said, sold cheap trinkets and in 7.

order to get people to buy them he hired other peo~

pie to pretend they were buying his trinkets. V
In [650, during Passover, fish mongers hocked.

up the prices of gefilte fish. knowing that the fish

Were so important to the Jews on this holiday. '

Bomzer said. A rabbi, who knew that the Jews
couldn’t afford to buy the fish, prohibited eating
the ﬁsh and as a result the prices went down..
According to Bomzer. not all Jewish
businessmen were unethical. He described a case in
which an extremely nice Jewish man ran his
business with total honesty and devotion to his
customers. The man would actually chase his

customers to give them money back if he himself.

had somehow overchanged them, he said.

Due to this man's‘, honesty he had an overwhelm-
ing amount of customers and unfortunately he kept
running out of the things he sold. When he told
customers to go somewhere else they would not'
listen. This led to a loss of competition and the only
answer was to sell the store.

Bomzer placed great emphasis on sensitivity and
the relations between business owners and

customers. “What is despicable to do unto others, '

you do not want done to you," he said.

He classiﬁed "despicable" in many forms —
some of which include perversity, hypocrisy. and
fraud. He also told the group “morally, there is no
difference between violence by ﬁst and abuse by.“

 

 

   

 

 

 

  
  

 

 

r--4—'—\;.. ,— 4;— '..

. Greyhoundgive? 7 _- 
. g a the! mat Danes; i i 

  

J ‘. ﬁgsg («\-
. ,9 ‘.‘.

a m

.1...

 

__/.__



-__.‘,.._.,w

 
 

Round trip. Anywhere Greyhound goes.

This spring break, if you and yotlr friends are
thinking about hctiding to the slopes, the beach or
'ust home fora visit, (ircyhouud can take you there.

’or only $09 or less, round trip.

Just show us your colic rc student II). card
when yt )1: purchase your ire tound ticket.
Your ticket will then he gout for travel for 15

days from the date of purchase:

So this spring break, rel a real break. On any-
wherc ( ircyliound goes or $99 or less.

For more inlomutt ion, call Greyhound.

Mud presem a mlkl college stutter! itl). card apt in purrhmc. No other disc: touts
apply. Tlt'kt'ts arc tmlmnslrmlilt- and gun] lor Imwl on t by“ mud IIncs, lnc.,
:uatotlwrp’uticlmtlngcarriers.Certairrstrktkntsuwlyi tm-llutlw

l!- lﬁritﬁ. iich limited. Not mild in twin.

.. .h - mom’s» r7, ,. “2.... .wiws »’

so GREYHOUND
I And leave the drying tous: A

n. ltmfi t imiunnall ilk", lllt'.

 
     

 '

J..

“V‘eMxA/‘V
. m l...

 

<Front P

And in what promises to be‘a‘:
major attraction. Shapiro saidnc
“There’s at least ten Kazoo
brothers coming from all over the?
place to be in this farewell perfo‘t: ‘
mance," as the band of pasth
Telethons fame plays its ﬁnalife‘
concert. 

From 8:30 to 9:30 Friday night}!
TV hour. will be filmed. said‘é
Shapiro, with the rest of then?
night’s entertainment sleted to,
begin as soon as the television
cameras are cleared out. TV hour
will be rebroadcast by several
local stations Friday and
Saturday. 1

Starting around 3 am. Satur-
day "Late Night Movie
Madness" gets underway, with, 
among other films the original In-
vasion of the Body Snatchers on
schedule. Zeta Beta Tau is spon-
soring the madness.

Children‘s Hour, which
Shapiro said would be set up as a
carnival. begins at 10 am. Satur- '
day and runs until I pm. Regular
entertainment will begin again at
1:30
. And, starting at 2 Saturday

' afternoon, “Rock Block" runs
for three hours, featuring three
bands for three bucks.

‘Dorf icited one item for a
special a'uction as characteristic of ~

 

from inside and out the college
.community. “We got a football
sent up from the New York Jets
on a weeks notice," he said. ad- ‘
dind that it was autographed by ~
the team members.

The University is also pitching
in with round~the~clock bus scr-
vicc, so that all students can at-
tend as much of the event as
possible.»

Dorf said that Friday and
Saturday‘s event was just the
finale of a year long effort by the

.Tclcthon staff. Starting with a
Trivial Pursuit Tournament in
September. activities have includ-
ed Rock-n-Roll Warfare. Dance
Marathon, SUNY Olympics. .cun
drives. Afternoon at the Burs. a

vii ' Night at the Rat. and n Drubacher

 

 

 

».L
11mm y

 

m

 

Ballroom party.

 

 

labor and

Telethon ,..  

campus after graduating last year. 'V '

the help Telethon has‘received 

 

 

. 7. anus»... mute...   M... .

 

FRIDA Y, MARCH 22, I985 Cl ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 1 7

 
  

 

 

. u‘

 

M i ,i
 ‘_ ~ THIS "IS ' [Til

KE NOMIST KE

    

 

 

 

Yodr Chance to run for Office 
 " : Student Associationll

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

No'minati-Ons. open

N animations. close '

 V ‘ Monday March 2.5.931“-

»....J_,,5tOPiﬁ S‘.A,(C,C 116)..“ ﬁuiouthyour

 

   

 

' Self- nomination V forms. '

The  seats “are open
for the. 1985-86 Academic Year

Class of ’86 Council v 17'Seats
Class of ’87 Council — 15 Seats
Class of ’88 Council — 15 Seats

Alumni Board (Seniors Only)! 5 Seats

 

PRESIDENT — 1 s... (100 Signatures Needed)

SASU DELEGATES — 2 Seats
USSA DELEGATES — 5 Seats.
I UNIVERSITY COUNCIL 9’1 Seat
z OCA BOARD OF DIRECTORS — 15 Seats

iCENTRAL COUNCIL — 3 Seats on each quad— 9 Off—Campus
UNIVERSITY SENATE — 3Seats oneach quad— 7 Off—Campus

VICE-PRESIDENT —. 1 Seal (100 Signatuies " Needed)

 

 

 

SA. 18 WORKING FOR YOUll

 

 

DON’T SIT THERE - GET INVOLVED!

 

SA FUNDED

 

(Elections will be held April 17‘ 8t 18)

 

 

