 

 

 

NEWS MEDIA

 

“postproduction room,” Julie Sertel and
Eric Wray, a tape editor, are screening a
shot of Henry Kissinger walking down a
hall. (Kissinger is in the piece because of his
consultations with foreign governments.)
Today the editing machine is malfunction-
ing, so the matching of words and pictures
takes an hour instead ofa few minutes. That
means Wray has to watch Kissinger walk
down the hall over and over again until it
looks and sounds right.

Koppel himselfdoes not usually partici-
pate in the editing ofa package, but he is
intimately involved in the larger themes of
the broadcast—thepointsto beilluminated.
“He‘sjust smarter than the rest ofus," says
Debbie Lefl‘, a producer who left a presti-
gious law ﬁrm to work in television. “I'll go
to him with a story idea, and he‘ll always

 

oners ‘mostly Shiite’ and partly Baptist?"
The sentence is changed to read, "most of
them Shiites.“

“I‘ve never seen Ted actually get mad in a
yelling and screaming way," says Terry Ir-
ving, a “Nightline” producer. “But he does
not suffer mistakes gladly." Or fools; one
look of annoyance is usually enough to let
staﬁ‘ers know they had better be up to snuff
the next time.

At 10, while the staff eats a takeout Chi-
nese dinner, Koppel goes downstairs to the
studio to tape the show‘s “headlines"—the
two- or three-sentence lead-in that opens
the broadcast.“Give me a moment," he says
to the cameramen, stepping oﬁ‘the set. “It‘s
something he saw," a technician says.
“Yeah, my face," Koppel says, marching
oft“, presumably to ﬁx his makeup. For a

advantage I can get,” he admits later. I

Often during this “Nightline” and most
others, Koppel appears to be talking to the
image of a guest on a big screen. That screen
is in fact a 4-by-4-foot piece of green felt; the
image of the guest is simply superimposed
on it in the control room (a technical re-
quirement to produce better picture qual-
ity). When you see the back of Koppel’s
head, and he seems to be conversing with
the big screen, he is in fact addressing him-
self to a pair of television sets to the right of
what is visible on camera.

The show on foreign agents turns out to
be only fair. The taped segment, narrated by
ABC News correspondent Charles Gibson,
is informative about the ethical consider-
ations of providing foreign clients with in-
side information. But the discussion doesn’t
quite jell. Lisker, who seemed

 

.‘ ,,' .‘yw

f; -' 3")

i la: he
"wilt; at
"l'h‘lLLLL—Ac'
"Flat (HALF
lltu im' " "

.. u u...
at um.
um... .

3:" l' \ a
. .
run-«.12» am
.. a. .'..t. ~.&m."'
m... n...“ u... .
w “I he
m

6a 

Celebrity journalism 1’ Fan letters mangling Koppel ’3 name are posted on his ofﬁce door

have the right sense of what to do with it.“
In the early evening, though, Koppel has
to miss a meeting devoted to ﬂeshing out
futurestory ideas. PeterJennings is on vaca-
tion, and Koppel is substituting all week as
anchor of ABC‘s “World News Tonight,“
which is staffed separately from “Night-
line.“ An hour before air time, he banters
easily about the day‘s news, then sits with a
stopwatch in hand practicing his evening-
news script sotto voce. Koppel. who many
believe could have had the anchorman‘sjob
if he had wanted it (he didn't), controls
whatever he touches. He reads a sentence
about a group of “mostly Shiite“ prisoners
being released from lsraeli jails. He looks
up. “C‘mon, you guys." he says to the
sliow‘s writers in the same ﬁrm tone he
might use on a recalcitrant “Nightline”
guest. “What do you mean? Are these pris- l

8

television star, he is comparatively uncon-
cerned about the cosmetic part of the job
and is thoroughly bored by public discus-
sion of his hairstyle. But he does what is
necessary. '
When the Washington guests, Ledeen
and Lisker, arrive, they are seated in a
different studio than Koppel‘s, and the live
conversation could just as easily be taking
place with two guests in Timbuktu. The
reasonable explanation for physically sepa-
rating Koppel from the people he inter-
views in Washington is that it puts all of
the guests on a level playing ﬁeld, since the
out-of-towners have to contend with an
electronic discussion. The only one not at
the same level, of course, is Koppel. By
talking directly into his guests‘ ears, he
is able to cut them off and control the
conversation more easily. “l‘ll take any

 

as ‘9’” . .M V'
 » J. ..L,  '1"
\lt kit [‘Eﬂm‘l 

“qua; feat»
ow 
W.

so good on the phone, equivo-
cates—a deadly trait on a pro-
gram that depends on an adver-
sary approach. “I’d give it a
B-minus,“ Koppel says as he
comes off the set. “Ninety-nine
percent of the time, the staff‘s
instincts [on which guests to
book] are right on the money.
But I think this was one of
those times where we noodled
around too much." Another,
: more serious problem with the
show will turn up the next day.

 

 

 

the summer in Wash-
ington and one of the slowest
for news. Even Koppel seems
to be in a head-for-the-ham-
mock mood. During a confer-
ence call with New York on
long-rangestory ideas, he is un-
usually quiet. The television
set, with its sound turned
down, is carrying a polo match
on ESPN that Koppel (and
many of the others in Washing-
ton) seems to be watching as the meeting
drones on. Finally, entranced by the crowd
at the patrician event, he perks up. "You
know, the rich really are different than you
and me, and maybe there's a show in it."
Later heconfesses to the staff his own weak-
ness in economics and urges that they work
hard to design compelling ways to explain
important but hard-to-illustrate problems
like the federal deﬁcit. He also predicts that
another act of international terrorism is in
the ofﬁng this fall, and “Nightline” should
make certain that it is well positioned when
it breaks. When the polo match ends, so ‘
does the meeting. '
lt‘s late afternoon, not too late to kill the
planned subject for tonight and start from
scratch on something else. Correspondent
Jeff Greenﬁeld recalls one afternoon when
Koppel and Kaplan. unsatisﬁed with the

ednesday dawns boil-
ing—the hottest day of



\a.

 

WALLV McNAMEE—Nrwswu-

NEWSWEEK 0N CAMPUS/NOVEMBER 1935

 

With Kennedy in Was/tintan and Bishop Tutu in South Africa: A program tho

prearranged topic, asked everyone on the
staff to put an idea on a piece of paper; they
put them all in a hat and emerged Just before
dinner to say they would do a show on the
banning of Mark Twain‘s “Huckleberry
Finn" in some schools. By 11:30, staffers
had pulled together an intelligent taped re-
port on the novel and the controversy, and
booked compelling guests. That is an exam-
ple of something “Nightline” can probably
do better and faster than any other show on
television.

But tonight, the show will stay in tune
with the weather. Given the weighty sub-
jects of the rest of the week, Koppel and
Kaplan decide on a light and unusual top-
ic—the comic tradition of the borsch belt,
the string of resorts in New York‘s Catskill

 

 

wALLv MeNAMEE—Nrmu

Mountains. The taped package is already
completed. But booking guests for this one
is no joke. The ﬁrst choices, Carl Reiner and
Mel Brooks, are unavailable. Alan King
won't go on if Henny Youngman does, and
David Brenner says he's too big-time to be
associated with the Catskills (“I'm Atlantic
City now“). Billy Crystal has been taping a
show in Hawaii and is just too tired, and
Shecky Greene can't be reached.

That leaves Henny Youngman and Cor-
bett Monica. Then, only about a half hour
before air time, Shecky Greene calls back
and talks to Rick Kaplan. It turns out both
were raised in the same neighborhood on
the North Side of Chicago, and Shecky is a
big “Nightline” fan. He is outraged that any
comedian would dare say he is “beyond”

 

t not only covers news but makes news as well

theCatskills. “Screw it, I‘m coming on," he
Says as Kaplan's jaw drops. After planning
for two guests, the staff sets another place.
Around 7, Koppel heads for dinner at the
Chinese Embassy with his daughter An-
drea, who graduated from Middlebury last
spring ﬂuent in Chinese. When he returns,
he must suddenly switch mental gears from
chopsticks to mother-in-law shtiks. Koppel
has a wry sense of humor—he is known
around the ofﬁce for a wicked Nixon imita-
tion, among others—but he's not planning
any jokes for this evening. In fact, he‘s a
little at a loss about how to proceed. At
around 11, he sits down at a battered man-
ual typewriterjust to the left ofhis position
on camera and constructs his nightly “Page
(Continued on page 15)

 

Koppel ‘talkt'ng ’ to

NliWSWliliK 0N CAMPUS/NOVEMBER I‘llfﬁ

EE—Nt-snm

 

 

