 

 

 

' EDITORIAL—7—

 

 

Grading SA

One afternoon earlier this semester. Eric
Bowman. Student Association’s Minority Affairs
Coordinator. made one of his rare appearances in
the SA office. accompanied by his fraternity
brothers. When they reached Bowman‘s office,
they stood in formation in front of his door.
Bowman. at the back of the line. passed his key
forward. The brother in the front opened the door
and they all filed in. All this amounted to a lot of
unnecessary Work to accomplish a fairly simple
task.

The above scene. it seems. is sadly symbolic of
some of the ways SA functioned this year. Some
SA officials worked a lot. but even the simplest
tasks took longer than they should have. because
SA execs were slow to follow through. and some
ideas got a lot more talk than action.

SA as a whole has done a lot this year. but it's
been pretty much restricted to programming. and
it's mostly been accomplished by a few very deter-
mined SA officials. As an activivst organization.
SA has been either completely stagnant or it's
been reactionary; most of the execs did the bare
minimum. and nothing more. They failed to pro-
vide the motivation for innovation and growth
and they were all too willing to jump on the band-
wagon of somebody clse’s project. rather than
beginning their own and seeing it through.

Throughout the year. SA President Rich Schaf-
fer went through periods of inactivity. When he
lost his enthusiasm. so did SA. Bordering on bur-
nout all year. Schaffer never really took a leader-
ship role in motivating SA. particularly its ex-
ecutives. if SA's execs weren’t putting in 100 per-
cent (or.smething close to it) it’s partly Schaffer’s
fault. He doesn't seem to realize this.

Schaffer did get a few things accomplished this
year. He led a successful fight to save the Bus. Ed.
school and he provided a lot of support for friends
of Ed Kelly. a student who died earlied this year.

Patty Salkin has clearly been the most valuable
asset to Schaffcr‘s administration. this year. “The
only thing that's bad about Patty is that she's a
senior so she won't be back next year." explained
an SA executive earlier this week. The praise is
certainly justified. Salkin has given the program-
ming office a new image and through the office
made SA a key force in campus life. Guinness Day
was one of the most prominent events Salkin was
behind. She’s also revamped the programming of-
fice itself by creating a new filing sysem that serves
as a resource for group leaders.

Salkin is the only SA executive this year who
looked to do anything new and innovative with the
job. stretching her office to its financial and pro-
gramming limits. in the last year. SA has gained a
very positive image around campus —— Salkin
alone can take much of the credit for this.

When Suzy Auletta campaigned for SA VP last
year. she sounded impressive; she had a lot of
ideas and appeared to have the energy to carry
them out. But somewhere along the way she took
on too much and ended up accomplishing very lit-
tle. She saw almost nothing through beginning to
end and SA officials said she wasn’t around the
office enough. On the other hand. she managed a
good working relationship with the SA president
and by demanding to be included in all major deci-
sions. she restored a lot of credibility to the
position.

if only the latter could be said of Eric Bowman.
When one SA exec was asked to evaluate his per-
formance as SA's Minority Affairs Coordinator.
the person said. “Eric? Eric who?" This sarcastic
comment pretty much mirrors the consensus in the
SA office that Bowman hasn't done much this
year. He spent a good part of his term traveling to
USSA conferences and helping with minority
recruitment programs. These are both worthy
causes that definitely shouldn't be ignored. but
Bowman's primary interest should have been
working with the minority group leaders. serving
the tax paying ruinority students on this campus.

The position of Minority Affairs Coordinator is
one that Schaffer proposed himself. if the posi-
tion is ever going to serve its purpose then the SA
president mttst take a more active role in defining
it. This is the first year that the four-year old pro-
gramming office has really discovered its poten-

thttt. .: .53.." ‘ 4.5%“

 

  
 
  

 

COLUMN

“tr LAST! minimum \EADEkSlllPl tort

     
  

  

‘ n ‘.
. . ,

ﬂ. r ,,
h

   

 

 

 

 

tial. Schaffer (or Gawley).shuld.take a cue from"

Star Wars: the simple truth

The present administration's proposal to build a space
defense system is no less than a cruel hoax on the
American people. Strategically and scientifically
bankrupt. the Strategic Defense initiative. or “star wars"
will only raise false hopes of an unattainable nuclear
stability.

Michael Herder

Any defense system of the future would have to be ex-
tremely expensive. it would cost perhaps Si trillion. more
than has been spent on any military project to date. On
the other hand. schemes for overcoming defensive
systems by increasing iCBM penetrating power and
evasiveness are virtually a dime-a-dozen. if we were to
deploy a defense system. the Soviets would have many
choices open to them. They could retrofit their lCBMs
'with fast-burning boosters to make them more elusive.
They could increase the number of warheads. decoys. and
penetration aids carried by each missile‘. They cold
modify their missiles' fuel system to make fuelburning er-
ratic. This would cause failure of our tracking systems.
.They could equip their lCBMs with protective
countermeausures to make them more immune to laser
blasts. or they could simply saturate our space defense
capability by building more missiles. Each of these
measures would make otlr trillion-dollar system wor-
thless. at very little cost to the Soviets.

Clearly. the Soviets will not follow suit and build a
defense system themselves. Not only is the obsolescence
of our system their only logical choice. it is their publicati-
ly stated policy. The Union of Concerned Scientists. a
prominant political group. said “The Russians will surely
overestimate the effectiveness of the US. ballistic-missile
defense and arm accordingly." Thus. the result of an
American defense system would be an increased Soviet
arsenal. with corresponding instability and threat to'
Americans.

Proponents of Star Wars say that we should be op-
timists; we should place more faith in technology. They
reason that our Apollo moonshots would also have been
doomed to failure if we had not believed in the capability
of science. Let us remember that the moon was not work-
ing against us to devaluate our every technological
achievement. The Soviets are.

Dr. Robert Bowman. a recognized authority on space
defense systems. recently said. “i believe in the possible.
it is always possible to penetrate a defense system."

The most incredible flaw in a space defense system lies
not in its ineffectiveness in destroying lCBMs. The Soviet
arsenal currently contains enough submarine launched
missiles (SLBMs), cruise missiles. and long range
bombers to utterly destroy our entire country. To propose
a defense system which ignores these delivery systems is
ludicrous; yet this is exactly what Star Wars does.
Naturally Star Wars would result in Soviet SLllM
proliferation.

Although Soviet countermeasures preclude defense
systems. it is interesting to discuss some of the extremely

 

 

«difficult technical prgblems which would make any of the

proposed systems expensive and ineffective. I

First. the Soviet arsenal is very large. it contains about
7.500 lCBMs. Many of these. such as the Soviet SS-‘lli.
contain up to 10 Multiple individually-targeted Re-entry
Vehicles (MlRVs) and up to 100 decoys. Simple math
shows that during a full-scale nuclear exchange there
could be more than a million projectiles flying over th
earth at one time. Therefore. if we want to protect
ourselves. we must be prepared to hit a large number of
projectiles.

if we plan" to destroy the missiles in the first fifty
seconds of their flight. before they have released the
MiRV vehicles. this reduces the number of targets by a
factor of 100. Under these circumstances. missiles would
have to be destroyed at a rate exceeding 150 per second by
satellites hundreds or thousands of kilometers (away). in
order to cover the Soviet missile fields at all times. a
minimum of 300 satellites would be needed.

it has been said that current technology would have to
be improved 100 million times to makethe idea of a
defensive system thinkable. Lasers powerful enough.
battle-management computers fast enough. and iracklng
systems sensative enough to do the job are all well beyond
our present technological grasp. The defense system pro-
posal. already shown to be (strategically) .~futile is
therefore also scientiﬁcally insurmountable.

There have been several proposals for defense systems.
They involved various combinations of lasers. particle
beams. projectiles. nuclear or conventional power
sources. a variety of tracking systems. orbiting mirrors
and satellites. and ‘pep-up' ground-launch systems. Some

of the proposals are complete fantasy. with no technical .

validity whatsoever. The most promising of the proposals
involve a small measure of validity. and a lot of very "wild
imagination. . '

So far. we have not even begun to scratch the surface of
the technical problems involved. For example. warheads
are very durable, designed to withstand the high
temperatures of atmospheric re-entry. At best. a laser
could deﬂect a warhead or missile a few kilometers off-
coursc by radiation pressure. This would defend missile
silos. but not cities or human lives. The image of a laser
completely destroying a warhead in mid-ﬂight really
belongs only in science fiction. Lasers this powerfull are
not a realistic possibility. .

A defensive system would therefore promote deterrant
strategy. not make it "impotent and obsolete" as Presi-
dent Reagan claimed in his March 1983 address to the na-
tion. The present administration is guilty of some
hypocracy and deception on this issue. Strategic Defense
initiative is sold to the American people as a defensive
system which will protect their lives. it is sold to congress
as a deterrant system which will protect missile silos. Ac-
tually. it will never be capable of either. Cl

 

This column was written with the old and Input of the
SUNYA Physics Club. r

w. . 'vr. .

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Good storytelling

To the Editor:  '

, January 29. 1983. ":30 at night. Laird Roy Robertson.
29. looks out his Houston apartment window to see two
men and a womantrying to break into his car. He picked

 

 

 

up a .22 cal-rifle and ﬁred seven shots. killing Darrel

rYork. l8. and wounding Jerome Marshall. ID. A Grand
Jury decided Roberts had committed no crime.

Why has John, Keenan convicted ‘maniacal killer' Ber-
nhard Goetz when 47 percent of the population are With
him. and only it percent are not? Why and how has he
somehow interwoven racial strife into this issue? Why is
there no mention of the injustices ot' the criminals‘of the
case. the four youths (punks)? -

On Friday. April 12. the ASP decided to let its ace ac-
tivist story teller make up a real good one. especially
touching with the absence of I the happy ending. You
know. the one about the evil white adult male taking out
his aggression on the black race by going after the ﬁrst
young defenseless blacks he could find. Yawn.

“it seems an amazing coincidence that all four youths
Goetz decided to pull his gun on were black." wrote
Keenan. if this is amazing Keenan must‘ be astounded by
card tricks. is it a coincidence thatdall four assailants were
black and that he pulled his gun on them because they
were assailants. i'm sure he'd seen a black earlier in the
days is the point “why did he wait for blacks to rob
him?” is it a coincidence that the four innocent black
youths. had a combined total of at least 13 previous
criminal acts. and at least 3 since the shooting. The most
interesting of which being James Ramseur posing his own

kidnapping because in his words “i wanted to see What
the police would‘do." He found our. They have granted
him immunity from this and every criminal charge still
pending. i feel it is important to let criminals back on the
streets. in this way they become better at it and can evade
police easier. making it less paper work for the ofﬁcer at
the desk. A

' if Goetz attacked thse punks because they were black. i
would suspect the black population to be non-supportive

‘- mt
aspects ‘

Established In 1010

 

  

Meldl Jo Gulls. Editor In Ohio!
Dun Chang. John Keenan. Managing Editor:

  
 
  
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Nprrc Editors... .,........Alleln Cllnborn. Junu O'8utllvcn
Ashen Edltoro  Torn K and". Nina Young
Auoeleteuhe .Leron Ginsberg
ran-ta scum ............ .. Daniel Barth. Micheli- mi
nym- Inﬂa- .; a Mom 3.1mm

‘ , Editor ' “
Editorial Page- ldltor ................................................. ..Jeuph Fueco

Jerry aeroplane. David l..L. Lukln. Senior Edlton

Contributing Editors Wayne Peer-boom. Editorial Ant-Ionic: Ken Doin-
jbaum. Belle Dumbo. Eric t-llndln. Ilene Walnut-In.'Divld Worthclm Itcli
Irritoro: auburn ' "
Leallc Chart. Johanna Clancy. Damn Clerk. Ion Clements. Both Flnnerln.
Matt Gavan. Bob Hmlen. Lin Jock-I. Meddl Kun. Donne Manitoulin. Jolt
Melt-bet. J. Michael Melee. Pet Foul. Pun Schumann-n. Rich Sheridan.
Michael Ekolnlck. Jamel Thorn". Doug Tutllo. Spectrum Editor-l Brend-
Scnutter sult Artist: Guy Palmer

Chris IIMM- Bulinuc Manager .
Lynn Merle. Almllte Bus/nun Manager
"curl Kellen. Advertising Manager
Mitre Itroinm. sm- Marrow

In"... - u .' n
my Perci-
I-nn 0""
Advertising “In: Karon Arnolcr. Dltl Fletcher. More Heb-mun. Rich Lllt.
Judy Torer. Advertising Production: Line Blehler. Dcnlu Cutreno. Teresa
Glocolone. Ellun Kolbuuk. Allen McDonnoll. Jacki MIdIInky.-Arny Pcporny.
Mike SehIIlro. Dillon lull: Kathy Chlohostcr. LlndA Delgado. erlorle Res-n.
. that. slephlnlo Benonlui

Adam a. logic. Patricio manhole. Production Managua
Chris Collin-n, Auccllle Produerlen Manager
Chiel Typesetter  .................. .. ......Loneey Hcymcn
Typlctl: Debora Adelmunn. .lunnlno Dlonuno. Sarah Evelond. Carrie Bubs.
Pun Blrnubcr. Put-vup: E. Phillip Hoover. Judy Lawrence. Maura Mcﬂhcnl.
Ellen Relvlo. D. Darrel Bill. M.D.Thomplon. Chlullouu: Warren Hurwltl.
Richard Sheridan

 

Photography principally united by Unlverllty‘l‘heto Service. a student
g u .

chlol Photographer: Erch Splegel UFO Bull.- Shari Albert. Amy Cohan. Marl-
Culllnnn, John Curry. Lynn Drcltus. Cindy ﬂatway. Adam Ginsberg. Robert
Hensmnnn. David Isaac. Kenny Kirsch. Hebert Luckoy. Ezra Mnurcr. Marti
Medlnvltte. Clllll Orslnl. Lisa Blmmonl. Robon Saucy, David Slrlclr. Howard
ngnr

Entire contents copyrtghl ms Albany lludonl Prcn Corporation. I" rights
reserved. t v
The Albany Student Press to published Tuesdays and Fridays between
Annual and Junn by the Albany student Prue Corporation, on independent
not-lor-protll corporation. ‘
Edilotllll are written by the Editor In Ohio! with members at the Editorial
.llo-rd; policy In subject to review by the Editorial Board. Advertising policy
does not nac-Iurlly rettect editorial policy.
Malling more"!
Atblny sit-mirror. c0 320
'1400 Washington Ave.
"‘ AlbumNY 12222
‘ 'terer‘rsnienaszmm '

 

 

AbrottInanonntAltrnln. Koren Beck. Rachel Brulow.‘ 7

of 'hiquot so’. ‘tlfpercent for. 33 percent not supportive.
i believe the Klan Was a little less supported. therefore the
analogy drops to the floor! _

The frequent use of Clint Eastwood in his Harry roles
was a severe contrast to the rest of the article in that Clint
has actually done such movies. the reality was refreshing.
'The same Harry Calahan who said. “the. only thing i hate
more than a wop is a spic.” Remember John. .'

in closing the words of the noted attorney Nathan
.Thurn come to mind “is it me?. or is it him? its him. isn't
it? i mean its not me is it?”

—Steve Klurfeld

Telethon kudos

To the Editor: .

This Friday. and Saturday. night University Cinemas
will be 'showing‘ Body Double. a film that promotes
violence. sexual and otherwise. against women. in the
film. a woman. who is a pornographic "model." is killed
by a man. His weapon is a power drill and in the shot the
drill is juxtaposed to his groin. The point of view is that
of the killer and the victim gets no sympathy.

We hind this film to be pornographic. despite the R-
rating. We will be protesting the showing of Body Double
on Saturday. April 27. 1985 at 7:30 and lOpm in LC is.
This campus is not safe for women and showing this film
is irresponsible. We invite the university community to
join us in our protest against Body Double.

Wendy L. Cervi
Ctr-chair, Coalition Against Pornography

Housing problems

To the Editor:

On Thursday night. April ii. a meeting was held in
Pierce Hall to discuss the procedures of on-campus hous-
ing sign-up. Good thing. too. since housing sign-up
started the next day.

Brought to our attention for the first time was the fact
that ninety rooms oh Alumni Quad. most of them the
most comfortable and desired. had been "reserved." for
the purposes of tripling freshmen. Eightother rooms
were likewise “reserved” for the use of grad students of
the Rockefeller College.

We realize that this is one way in which the university is
responding to the imminent implementation of the

Grouper Law. however. there are some disturbing pro-v
’ blems with this action? ‘ "

l) Why did the university wait until the last minute to
'jnform the students of its intentions? it has not denied us
our right to reply. but it has denied us the adequate time
needed to effectively act against its decision.

2) The Grouper Law is designed to prevent over-
crowding. lf four people in a multi-room apartment or
house is excessive. what is three people in one room con-

. sidered to be? We consider it not only an environment ill-

suited for academic success. but also ill-suited for
students' health and safety - thereby creating a need for
an “on-campus grouperylaw."

3) What havet’he students of ~the Rockefeller College

.done to desever the privelegeof a near-monopoly of the.

‘ -third~ floor of Pierce Hall (where their eight rooms have

been “reserved")?

4) Ninety rooms on Alumni Quadvlrave been thus
“reserved.” This means that l80 students. :(up-
perclassmen). who may have wished to live there. cannot.
These rooms will be given to freshmen. The priority
numbers given to upperclassmen and the ensuing lottery
’for room selection are thus rendered senseless.

5) Who is responsible?

~ —-Erie Nehrbauer
—Seott Stockman

Homophobic reaction

To the Editor:
i am writing to express my hope that GAbA will not

decide to make their “Blue Jeans“ day a regular part of
an annual awareness week. “Blue Jeans" day can be
shown to be a pushy, ill-advised. and short sighted tactic
arousing not positive but negative feelings among a large
part of the University community. i could easily go into

. an apoplectic diatribe of a letter, emphasizing the perceiv-
' .ed,dcviance of homosexuality; any happy-hour hardhat

could do the same, however, so i will not.

i would much rather point out t’o GALA that “Blue
leans” day elicits. instead of the hoped for “awareness”
response. a response of “homophobia.” (i do not know
who ﬁrst coined the term "homophobia." but the seman-
tic implication that homosexuality is a neutral thing one
can be phobic towards. like heights. is as of yet far too
hopeful.) Where any other given day sees a signiﬁcant
majority of students wearing jeans, “Wear Your Blue
Jeans if You're Gay" day sends them scrambling to the
far reaches of their wardrobes for anything and
everything but blue jeans. Clashing of colors and styles
becomes for one day a badge of honor.

GALA must concede the existence of a social stigma at.
lached to homosexuality; otherwise they would not have
felt compelled to form an organization in the hopes of
eliminating it. Though the fact of stigma would seem to
be central to GALA's existence, they ignore it when the)
cry. “Wear your blue jeans (today) if you're gay or if you
just support us in our struggle for human rights.” in this
cry. they make an arrogant and pushy attempt to define
gays and their supporters at SUNYA as being all those
wearing blue jeans on a particular day. This only results
in rebellious denial by much of the students who do not
wish to be defined as such.

Certainly debate on homosexuality cannot center on
whether it is right or wrong; such debate can only end in
stalemate between advocates and opponents. What can be
argued. however. is the right of special interest groups.
like gays. to force its position upon the individual. One
can always choose not to adopt the opinions of others.
but in the case of "Blue Jeans" day. one must go out of
his way to do so.

GALA seems to be living in the naive hope. expressed
in the promotion of “it's Great to be Gay Day." that the
ideal world would be one similar to that depicted ina re-
cent "Saturday Night Live" skit where energitic dancers
5mg

“l'm a homo. he’s a homo.
she's a homo. we’re all homos.
wouldn't you like to be a homo too?"
(to the tune of “l'm a Pepper"). GALA might as well
have changed the theme of “Blue Jeans" day to "Wear
Some Kind of Footwear if You're Gay Day." it would
have been interesting to see what everyone eise‘s toes look
like.
—-.lohn F. Klein

Short—s ighted tactics

To the Editor:
in my English class this morning. i found a poster
advertising “Anti-Gay and Lesbian Week." i must admit

’ that this came as quite a shock to me. as homophobia has

never been so obvious on this campus before. The poster
promoted Anti-gay violence (including murder).

Are there still people who are so afraid. so uneducated
that they can lower themselves to this level? if you are so
comfortable with your own sexuality. why do you feel the
need to threaten us with violence? What exactly is it that
makes you so afraid of us? Are we such agreat threat to
you? Statistically. the gay community has a lower in-
cidence of mental illness. child molestation. and related
violence. i can see how that makes us so “evil” and
“dangerousi " l though the days of Hitler were over! We
make up at least to percent of the population. You can‘t
afford to write off that many people!

Needless to say. Gay and Lesbian Awareness Week will
continue. and the gay community will continue to fight
for our rights and for tile education of the general
population. You may threaten us. but we cannot — and
will not - cease to exist.

—Tamara Richman

 

Karen Wilson

Wilson has been missing for
almost four weeks. She’s 5'3”,
weighs 114 pounds, has light
brown hair and brown eyes.
Anyone with. information on her
disappearance please call
Public Safety at 457-7770. A

 

 

 

 

