' '2 disarm/mm 15121255 1:] "riJESDX‘WNdVéMaER'ié.‘ ibss

NEWS BRIEFS

The World '

Marcos asked to quit

Manila, Philiipines
(AP) A caucus of the political opponents
of President Ferdinand E. Marcos asked
him Monday to resign before presidential
elections were held, but the group was
reportedly told the issue was “non-
negotiable.’ ’

The group of about 30 assembleymen
from half a dozen opposition parties made
its request a week before Mr. Marcos’s
presidential opponent is to be chosen. The
National Assembley reconvenes Monday
and will discuss the Marcos proposal of
early elections.

The caucus. led by the United Na-
tionalist Democratic Organization, called
for fair election rules, the postponement of
the vote from Jan. I7 to March I7 and
Marcos’s resignation.

But Neptali Gonzales, the group’s vice
president, said a presidential adviser, Jose
Rono, had told him that Mr. Marcos’ deci-
sion to stay in office through the election
was firm.

Rebels hijack plane

Kampala, Uganda
(AP) A gunman suspected of having ties to
an insurgent rebel group hijacked a
domestic airliner Monday and forced it to

 

fly to rebel-controlled territory. ofﬁcials
said.

The twin—engine, propeller-driven Fok-
ker Friendship plane of Uganda Airlines
was on a scheduled one-hour ﬂight from
Entebbe International Airport near Kam-
pala to Arua, in northwestern Uganda
near the Zaire border when it was hijack-
ed, Ugandan ofﬁcials said. There were 40
people aboard.

Ten hours after the hijacking, a man
who said he was a spokesman for the Na-
tional Resistance Army in Uganda called
the Nairobi bureau of the British Broad-
casting Corporation to assert responsibili-
ty for the hijacking.

The caller said the plane was diverted to
Kasese in southwestern Uganda, 200 miles
from Kampala, because the military
Government had been using that ﬂight to
bring troops to Kampala.

‘ The Motion
Air crash kills five

Cliffside Park, NJ
(AP) The pilots of a corporate jet and a
small plane that collided over this New
York suburb knew of the danger minutes
before the crash, which incenerated five
residential buildings and killed at least five
people, authorities said.

Authorities earlier feared the fuel-fed in-
ferno had trapped I0 families living in the
buildings, but by 5:30 a.m., all but one
man had been accounted for. said state

 

 

FEAT FOR WHEELS On Saturday, 20 of the 25 Walkathon
to raise $1.000 lor the DI

nine miles. The event ls expecte
01 Alden Hall.

PREVIEW OF EVENTS

 

police Capt. Joseph Craparotta.

Two victims were found in a light pro-
pellar plane that struck the front porch of
a two-stsory apartment building in nearby
Fairview, and a mangled body was found
beneath the wreckage.

The other plane, a Nabisco Brands Inc.
jet with two aboard, slammed into two
two-story apartemtn buildings, leveling
them and igniting a roaring ﬁre that
engulfed three other structures.

Bishop urges change

Washington
(AP) The leader of America‘s Catholic
bishops says he expects an imminent
worldwide gathering of Roman Catholic
leaders to build up rather than rip up
sometimes controversial church changes of
the past 20 years.

The gathering, he said today, should
reinforce the idea of strong national
bishops' conferences, such as the U.S.
conference that has received criticism as
well as praise for its broadsides on nuclear
weapons. poverty and other thorny issues.

“The world needs to know, and our own
country needs to hear, that what we have
begun on social questions . . . will con-
tinue,” Malone said.

Vets seek memorial

Washington
(AP) Since the Revolutionary War,
millions of women have worn the uniform

MARK VACARELLI UPS

participants walked around Perimeter Road three times, a total of
sabied Students Van Fund. Walkathon was sponsored be the stall

 

of the United States and helped to defend
their country; today, there are more than
1:15 millibn women veteran's, about 4.I
percent of all living American veterans.

Now they want their own war memorial.
"When you talk about veterans, most peo—
ple think of men. They don't thinkgabout
women." said June Willenz,‘ executive
director of the Women in' Military Service
for America Memorial Foundation, which
is lobbying for the memorial.

“It’s really, something that’s long over-
due. Women wrote a very marvelous page
in our history.” ‘

The State

Gay clubs warned

New York
(AP) New York City Mayor Ed Koch is
urging a probe of the “underground cash
economy” in response to disclosure that a
private club closed in the campaign against
AIDS was tax-exempt.

Koch says he has directed city finance
commissioner Paul ’Crotty to meet with
state and federal counterparts to discuss
forming a joint task force.

His remarks quoted in the New York
Times yesterday, followed disclosure by
state tax officials that The Mine Shaft, a
private club catering to homosexuals, had
operated as a not-for-profit tax-exempt
corporation.

Authorities are investigating whether the
club had evaded paying taxes. Last Friday,
Koch sent letters to ten clubs in New York,
warning they could be closed if they do not
bar sexual practices thought to help spread
AIDS.

Driver injures six

' I ll
Yonkers, New York
(AP) Police say a 65-year-old woman ac-
cidentally drove her car into six people
leaving a Yonkers bowling alley when she
became distracted by a ﬂashing light on
her dashboard. - ».

One person, who was not identified, was
hospitalized in serious condition this mor-
ning at Saint John's Riverside Hospital.
Four others were treated for‘ cuts, bruises
and sprains and released. The driver was
not hurt.

Lieutenant Russell Kantor says Miriam
Tuck told police she lost control of her
I983 Cadillac when an indicator light on
her dashboard ﬂashed on while she was
driving north on Saw Mill River Road at
8:30 last night.

Kantor says Mrs. Tuck’s car slammed
into three parked cars before jumping the
curb and plowing into the crowd in front
of the Homefield Bowling Alley.

—Correction

In the November 6, l985 issue of the
Albany Student Press the Implementation
of 2] Committee’s vote on allowing half-
kegs in suite rooms was reported incorrect-
ly. The actual vote was 4-6 against the
measure.

We regret the error.

 

free listings

Womana Awareness speaker
Debra Alexander will speak on
Monday, Nov. 18 at 7:00 p.m.
In LC 21.

Kappa Rho Chapter will hold a
general interest meeting
Wednesday, Nov. 13 at 7:00
p.m. in EA 218.

Senior clues council meeting
will be held on Tuesday, Nov.
12 at 6:00 in the Fireside
lounge.

“Comedy Extravaganza" will

 

be held Tuesday, Nov. 12 at
9:00 p.m. In the patron roorn.
Mr. LE. Blernbaum. IBM’s
marketing manager will speak
Wednesday, Nov. 13 at 8:00
p.m. in LC 25.

Your rights in regard to the
Police, a lorum will be held
Thursday, Nov. 14 at 7:30.
Book Sale will be held on the
Podium beginning Wednes-
day, Nov. 18.

General Meeting of the
Political Science Association
and Pi Sigma Alpha on Tues-
day. Nov. 12 in HUM 129 at
7:30 p.m.

Class Council Meeting, Class
oi ‘89 will be held Sunday
night in the Fireside lounge at
10:00 p.m.

lnternatlonai Student Party
will be held In Brubacher Hall
oi Friday, Nov. 15 at 9:00 p.m.

The Bloodmoblle table will be
set up in CC lobby Monday,
Nov. 11-Frlday, Nov. 15. Sign

up.
Dorm Party Nile will be held
on Saturday. Nov. 16 on lndlan
Quad. For more lnio call
442-6519.

Wednesday Wanderings, a

 

series oi noontlme talks will
be held Wednesday, Nov. 13,
12 noon-2:00 p.m.

The Great God Brown will be
staged at Albany Perlormlng
Arts Center Wednesday, Nov.
20-Saturday. Nov. 23 at 8:00
p.m.

French Lessons will be given,
learn how to communicate In
French. For more info call
438-5787.

Captains Meeting for
volleyball, basketball and
waterporo will be held Tues-
ggy, Nov. 12 at 4:80 p.m. in LC

Know Your Legal Rights: Mark
Mlshier speaking on the
police. Sponsored by the Pre-
Law Assoc. on Thursday, Nov.
14 at 7:30 p.m. In LC 1.

Thanksgiving Dipplklli
Blowout will be held Friday,
Nov. 22-Sunday, Nov. 24. For
more lnlo come to the Duting
Club Meeting every Wednes-
day at 8:00 p.m. in LG 22.

William V. Grimes will speak
on “Quarks, Quartets and
Consciousness" on Tuesday.

 

Nov. 12 at 4 p.m. in HU 3L

TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 12, 1985 El ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 3

 

'Wt;'l1.,NEV£l€ifutlliKl"0q  I
firmness Ditto Lissa Omlie
ti » V

II

Vietnam veteran
There are 160-165 veterans on campus

Rap sessions allow Vietnam vets
to share personal visions of war

By David Kase

STAFF. WRITER

Rather than watching Sylvester Stallone’s
Hollywood-staged war scenes, students and faculty
had the chance to learn about Vietnam from ﬁrst-
hand accounts last Wednesday.

The event, Vietnam Veteran’s Awareness Day,
was sponsored by the Vietnam Veteran’s Tri-
County Council and Featured “Rap with a Vet"
sessions in the Campus Center Ballroom.

When asked why he became involved with the
group, SUNYA graduate student Vince Berone ex-
plained that “my cousin was killed in Vietnam. and
after a kit of my friends came back from the war, I
noticed a lot of problems that they were having.”

Berone said that there are 160-165 veterans on
campus and that students and faculty can better
understand the impact of Vietnam by engaging in
rap sessions one~on-one.

Tables were set up with handouts and staff
members to answer any questions, and several
videotapes were shown
documenting the course and effects of the war.

Besides helping veterans in any way they can. this
Council is lobbying on a number of veterans' issues

who have nothing to do with the military, they were
just considered prisoners of war.” said Serrell. Re-

added.

throughout the . day

' and working for better health services for veterans.

“Our primary goal is to force Hanoi to return the
missing. Higher level government ofﬁcials are ad-
mitting that there are still MIA’s (Missing in Ac-
tion) in Vietnam," said Corky Serrell. POW-MIA
Chair of the Council.

“There are many civilians missing in Vietnam

JOHN CURRY UPS

mains of 26 men were just returned by the North
Vietnamese government. he added.

“One of President Reagan’s aides said that there
are still 50 to 400 MIA-POW's still in Vietnam and
perhaps improving relations between Hanoi and the
U.S. has made the Vietnamese a little more
cooperative,” he added.

Serrell said he was stationed in the Dominican
Republic in I965. before being transfered to Viet—
nam. “As was the case in Vietnam, we had no idea
where we were going or why we were being sent. We
didn't get any news until old newspapers were
ﬂown down.” said Serrell.

“We were told that we would be court martialed
if we didn’t wait for the order to come in to light
while the enemy could begin to ﬁre at us," Serrell

Serrell said that it was difﬁcult to follow orders
because they did not make sense. “Once I was told
to board a plane and be flown into combat with in-
sufﬁcient ammunition,
orders to board the plane until I was given addi-
tional rounds,” he said.

I refused my ofﬁcer's

Tri-County Council President Joseph Pollicino,
discussing the POW-MIA issue, said, “We have
passed resolutions on POW-MIA to ask President
Reagan to return all POW-MIA's. Each county

said that they would not rest until a full accounting

12>

Low self-esteem l’OSters Violent relationships

By Caryn Miske
STAFF WRITER

Women with little self-esteem are the
most likely persons to be involved in
violent relationships. ac¢ording to Univer-
sity Social Welfare Professor Bonnie
Carlson. '

Carlson facilitated the opening
workshop of last Thursday’s Women's
Safety Awareness Day. Her lecture was
titled “Violence in Relationships Among
College Students."

Women with low self esteem don’t end a
relationship which turns violent, Carlson
said. “because it takes too much effort
and because it is better to have a relation-
ship where you can get hit once in a while
than no relationship at all." A

Often the woman involved believes th

. violence will not happen again, but in fact,

incidents usually occur more often and
with greater intensity.

Carlson said that in her surveys, most
people define violence as physical abuse.
which is usually considered illegal.
However, relationship violence is
“behavior intended to hurt another.
although not always to [physically] in—
jure,” she said.

In the past. it was often thought that

‘vioient behavior was only perpetrated by

men, said Carlson, “but it is hard to point
the finger at one sex.”

Women are more likely to slap. she
stated, adding that although a slap doesn’t.
cause injury, it sets a dangerous precedent.
If a woman slaps a man she should expect
the action to be reciprocatcd, added
Carlson, since it is a natural reaction for a
man to hit back.

Violence in relationships is not confined
simply to so called “deviants.” Carlson
said one in six relationships resort to
violence to settle disagreements.
"Moreover, violcnce is not a one time
thing. Once a couple crosses the barrier it
is extremely difficult not to resort to
violence again."

Carlson pointed out that to prevent
violence in relationships the cause must be
understood. First, she said. violent
behavior is usmtlly observed at home and
is passed on from one generation to the

next.

Second, high levels of alcohol are often
involved since it removes inhibitions and
allows anger to become vlown up and
distorted. Other factors Carlson mention-
ed lnclude the acceptability of violence in

society as portrayed by the media and that
in a sexual relationship partners begin to
feel it is their right to exert certain
inﬂuences.

College students in particular are af-
fected by two other factors, said Carlson.
Biciiuse‘there are many-competitors for af-
fection in a college environment jealousy
plays a role, she said.

Secondly, the sexual revolution has
changed many societal rules and therefore
increased levels of conﬂict. “Because peo-
ple don't know their role, feathers are
often rufﬂed accidentally or purposely."
Carlson commented. As an example she
noted that people only used to date one
person at a time, but now many people
want several relationships simultaneously
which aren’t of a serious nature, challeng-

ing the status quo. V

Both Middle Earth and the University
Counseling Center deal with violent rela-
tionship problems. said Carlson, adding
that the potential for change is greatest
with college students since their relation-
ships are often less complex than a married
couple. Also. college students’ relation-
ships usually have a shorter history of
violence, she said. '

Carlson closed with a few warnings.
“Don't be put in vulnerable situations
with people you really don't know. Watch
your alcohol consumption since you can’t
protect yourself if you’re drunk. And
don’t push someone’s buttons if you
realize'that the potential for violence ex-
ists." C]

HOWARD rvoxn UPS
Bonnie Carlson
“Violence is not a one time thing. "

 

 

Research on animals monitored at SUNYA

By Craig Wortman
smrr- wmrsn
Second of a Two-Part Series
In experiments involving animals at
SUNYA, the value of the research must

justify whatever pain and suffering the.

animal goes through. said Jeff Cohen,
Research Compliance Officer at the
university.

“Scientific advancement is
desirable." Cohen said, “and some pain
and suffering may be necessary. The
assumption is that it will benefit
mankind."

Commenting on the belief that
animals should not be used in research
in any way, Cohen said that this would
“irreparany damage scientific advance-
ment” and noted that much of scientific
progress is based on the use of animals.

“I assume," Cohen said, “that peo-
ple who don’t approve [of scientific
research] won't take penccillin or insulin
if they need it. l'm sure they won't wear
leather or wool. People use it different
standard when they look at research
than they do in their daily lives," Cohen
asserted.

A system in which experimental sub-
jects are protected and researchers can
work with minimal interference is need-
ed, said Cohen. “Severe intervention by
an outside authority can either stifle
research or lead to a complete system of
evasion," he said.

Research at SUNYA ls overseen by a

committee of five people: Cohen. two
faculty members, a veterinarian. and a
minister from the community. The com-
mittee has the authority to approve or
disapprove any research to be done.

Since the evaluation of abuse in
research can involve some very difficult
ethical decisions. Cohen said, the com-
mittee is deliberately a diverse group.
“It’s not one person's judgement,”
Cohen said. “That's why we have the
committee.”

The committee uses what Cohen calls
a “human subjects model" in their
evaluations because the consideration
shown to an animal's welfare is nearly
as stringent as that shown to human

 

uxrtx IIDIAVILLA UPS
Jolt Cohen

A committee of five reviews all research.

research subjects.

Researchers must ﬁle a report to the
committee detailing and justifying ex-
periments to be done. “in practice the
committee has yet to disapprove a re-
quest for research," said Cohen.

“i really think that all of thc resear-
chers on campus love animals and
wouldn't hurt them unnecessarily,“ he
added.

The committee can terminate research
at any time if it determines that abuse
has taken place. said Cohen. The com-
mittee is limited, however, in that the
only way it will know about abuse is if it
is reported to them. “We don’t have TV
cameras in all the labs," Cohen stated.
But, he continued. “I don't doubt that
there would be very strong actions taken
in the event of abuse."

One professor who uses animals in
research said he has been engaging in
such experimentation for several years.

“I’ve been doing a long term study
with primates, observing if they
recognize themselves in mirrors,“ said
George Gallup. a member of the
Psychology Department. “Other
research we're doing includes observing
face touching.

“By I'tild lurge, our animals are better
housed, fed. cared for and frcer from
pain and suffering than animals living
under natural conditions." he
continued.

12>

 

 

 

