    

A Danes ‘poisoned’ by Bearstoendwin,streakI

By Rich Sheridan

and Jerry Campione

The Potsdam Bears. utilizing an ag-
gressive pressing defense and a balanced
scoring attack. defeated the Albany State
Great Danes. 75-65 Saturday. The loss
snapped the Danes’ five game winning
streak accumulated over the Christmas
break.

The Bears put four players in double
figures with Brenden Mitchell leading the
way with IS points. John Leonard. Ed
Okuneuski and Troy Turner had ten points
each for the Bears. Mitchell also pulled
down ten rebounds.

Mitchell. one of three Division l
transfers joining the Bears this season.
came into the game leading the team in
scoring with a l5.l8 average. and con-
tintled to dominate the Potsdam offense.

Albany State Head Coach Dick Sauers
said he was most impressed with the 6'5"
forward. saying. “we don't have anybody
as good as Mitchell.“ Also transferring to
Potsdam this year from Division l schools
were Turner. from Siena. and Leonard.
from Farfield'University.

Greg Hart led the Danes with 13 points .
and a game high it rebounds. Adam.

Ursprung. Albany‘s leading scorer.
averaging l3.l points per game since retur-
ning from an injury. had ten points on the
night while Dan Croutier. John Mracck
and Brian Kauppila added eight a piece.

The loss was the Danes' fifth straight
against Potsdam at Many Hall. their last
victory there coming in the I981 SUNYAC
championships on a pair of late free
throws by Mike Gatto.

Early on it appeared as though it would
be a long night for the Danes as Potsdam
jumped to a 27-“ lead \uth 8:47 left in the
first half. A spectacular slam dunk by
Turner off an alley-00p pass by Tom Con-
boy capped an eight point run by the
Bears. while their full court press con-
tintted to give the Danes fits.

Albany managed to cut the lead to 32-25
by halftime. otltscoring Potsdam 14-5 over
the last eight minutes oi the half. Hart had
six points and grabbed three rebounds in
that span.

Amazin ’ Dane grapplers post 15th straight win.

By Cathy Errlg
EDMUND“ ASSISTANT

What cart you say about the Albany
State wrestling team?

What can you say about a team that ad-
ded nine victories to its already undefeated

 

Potsdam coach Jerry Welsh said that he
felt he might have substituted a little too

early, enabling Albany to get back into the .

game. “We were standing around on of—
fense." he said. “and that hurt us.”

The Danes pulled to within 39-35 on an j

outside jumper by Ursprung three and a

half minutes into the second half. but that '

was as close as they were to get. Potsdam

took advantage of Albany turnovers and‘

outscored the Danes 10-3 over the next
four minutes to give the Bears 3 comfor-
table 49-38 lead from which the Danes
could never quite recover.

Albany scored ll points in the last.

minute. but not nearly enough to catch
Potsdam. who had opened their lead to 17
points with two minutes left to play.
Roosevelt Bullock closed out the scoring
for the Bears with a slam dunk on a
breakaway layup in the closing seconds.
making the final score 75—65.

Albany was outrebounded by Potsdam.
40-29. which may have been due in part to
starting center Pete Gosule being sidelined
with food poisoning. Also suffering from
apparent food poisoning and seeing
limited action for the Danes were Dave

Adam. Rich Chapman and John,

Carmelio. Jan Zadoorian. missing from
the Danes' line-up since December with a
broken hand. is expected to be out until
early February according to Sauers.

Potsdam‘s inability to hit from the free
throw line (13-27) kept the score closer
than it otherwise might have been. “We
noticed that they weren't shooting free
throws well." said Sauers. which led
Albany to foul often late in the game to
force Potsdam to the line.

“it was a typical Albany-Potsdam
game." said Welsh. “Albany is well-
balanced and everybody can score. They'll
do well.”

“We were a little uptight. The team had
heard so tnuch of Potsdam's reputation
they may have been a little afraid.“ said
Sauers.

Sauers added that the team “needs to be
more patient. Our reserves were more pa-
tient and executed better than our
starters." “

record over the winter break. bringing its
season total to ii?

A learn that placed sixth in the NY State
Competition. the only Div. lll school that
defeated the Dane grapplers being top-
ranked lthaca college?

.._ .. ..

tucuv ups"

ivan "Tho Terrible" Kat: hu bun o Ilrong ioroe at heavyweight it'll V."-

‘L ' ' 3.x 'lzwvnarémiw . 

 

JANUAR Y 29, I985 - -

 

 

 

 

. r,’ 7“; 1,. .

 

 
 

Potsdam. ranked seventh in the nation
and first in the state in Division lll. is now
l7-i overall and 4-0 in the SUNYAC East
Conference following their sixth con-
secutive victory. Albany fell to 13-3 overall
and 3-l in the conference.

HOOPLA: A crowd of 3.000 was largest
at Maxcy Hall this season. The game had

A team ranked nationally among Div.
ill schools? A team that has been massacr—
ing its opponents by scores of 530 and
55-0?

Ask the grapplers themselves and the ad-
Jectives “awesome” and "phenomenal"
are popular responses. “Unbelievable” is
another.

But the Danes are to be believed.
Williams and Fairleigh Dickinson Colleges
will agree to that as the Danes defeated
them 49-3 and 53-0 respectively on Jan. 8.

Things weren't any different for
Albany's competition on the 12th as
Albany crushed Oneonta and Oswego 35-6
and 39-5. and then humiliated Kings Col-
lege. 55-0. The meet included four
technical falls and two pins.

The NY. State competition, held at
lthaca on Jan. lB-l9. slowed the grapplers
down somewhat. Facing teams from all
three divisions the Danes placed sixth.
their strength sapped tt bit by injuries suf~
fcred by lvan Katz, Jltn Fox, and All-
American Dave Averill.

“individually, we had some great
finishers in that match. but as a team i
don’t think we were up to our best," said
Demeo. ’ .

Still. the team did delcat cvory Div. ill

7&0sz use,

Jan Zadoorian. whooo'brolten hand will put him on the shell for two weeks. dribbioo
to the hoop in a contest earlier this season. .

 

to be stopped several times due to fans
throwing toilet paper on the court. pro-
mpting Potsdam coach Jerry Welsh to
plead with the fans to refrain from such
behavior. Following the third stoppage in

play Potsdam was assessed With a‘ techitic’ai'

foul which Dan Croutier converted for the
Danes.

school except top-ranked lthaca. ln-
dividually, Andy Seras and Shawn
Sheldon placed second. and Matt Ryan
finished third.

“He (Ryan) has been the biggest sun-V,

prise of the season." said Demeo. “His
finish was nothing short of unbelievable "
he didn’t sneak into it either. it took five
matches including three overtime
matches." ‘

Ryan. a‘ transfer-Junior front-.-
Brockport. has been pleased with the .

coaching he has recieved at Albany.

“At Brockport. the coach tried chang-
ing my style to shooting. not using my up-
per body much,” said Ryan."Here. my
upper body is emphasized and my shooting
is better. l’m also in good condition. which
was a big factor in the overtime matches."

The team rebounded from the State
competition by cruising to victories over
Hunter. 43-l2. Newark. 44-8. and Keen,
41-12. Seras was impressive in defeating
Hunter’s Kevin 'l‘rocltc. a formerly
undefeated Ali-American.

When asked if there was anythins Baln-
ed in defeating teams by 30-plut margins.

Dcmeo’s response was. “it's great. It lets 4

us know how good we really are. it really

20»

 

 

 

behirid ,And'y Seras 1‘ '
Shoots,for'theNCAA-title' '

Bermsn 
" 1 v.-

 

 

.t ...J:('h.‘ 'su "

l
Seras will aim look back at the 1984 Olympic Trials and feel he was dealt a very l
pénﬁiniustice. Nobody will ever be able to convince him otherwise.

But the Albany State wratler has had no time to fed sorry for himself. Since the Summer
Olympics concluded. Seras captured another gold medal at August 5 limiter: State Carries.
represented the U .S. in the World C u in Finland. and has beat nearly un table wrtstling
for Albany State at 150 pounds An as each wedt it appears clearer that Sam; will
win the NC A A Division iii championship. which enable him to compete for the Divison
i crovm — a title never held by an Albany State athlete. ' _

Those accomplishments have done their part in dtvadng Seras thoughts from what was
his worst setback in his 22-year old life.

 

 

