 

 

NEWS MEDIA

 

rities, plops dowrt in a chair in the green
room and says: “One thing's for sure. It's
easier to do [“Nightline"] than Carson."

But unfunny comedians aren‘t the eve—
ning‘s only unpleasant surprise. During the
show, former Secretary ofState Alexander
Haig called to complain about being mett—
tioned the night before as a registered for«
eigtt agent. He never was, an aide claims.
“Nightline” staffers are sure Haig is wrong;
they‘ve got a copy ofthe registration license
to prove it. Soon, though, it turns out the
license belonged ttot to Alexander M. Haig
but to Alexander 1’. Haig, his soil. The next
day Koppel and Haig talk on the phone, and
the show includes air apology for the error.

Thursday is the day South African Presi-
dent P. W. Botha is scheduled to make a
major speech announcing reforms, and
worldwide coverage will be heavy. "Night-
line" is very much on top of the South
Africa story. In March the whole show
moved there for a week ofspecial programs.
Koppel mediated between black and white
South African leaders who had literally
never talked to one another before. The first
night in Johannesburg, it almost seemed the
whole dramatic experiment might fall
through, and Koppel now says that was the
only broadcast in the history ofthe show on
which he felt nervous. But the week turned
out to be a triumph——for many staffers the
highlight of their years at “Nightlinc.” It
also provided a wealth ofuseful contacts for
future South Africa shows. The staff has
long been on familiar terms with prominent
black and white figures whose names are
only now becoming well known in the Unit-
ed States.

Botha speech. which turns out to be a

severe disappointment to those seeking
change. The South African president re-
fuses to release imprisoned black leader
Nelson Mandela unless he renouttees vio-
lence. and Botha warns of further crack-
downs on antiapartheid demonstrators.
Mandela‘s wife. Winnie. now a major
spokesman for black South Africans, is
scheduled to appear on "Nightline." But by
4 p.m. (ll p.111. South Africa time) she is
nowhere to he found. Sonenshine makes a

In the afternoon, Koppel watches the

ployees at the ABC News bureau in Johan-
of a friend (her own home having been
cannot go to the studio because ofa curfew

another opportunity.

'I‘onight‘s taped segment will be a mon~
tage of news clips about the Hot ha speech"
without any ABC News correspondent in-
volved. Al "Nighlliuc." such segments
have come to be called "pctacques." (The
name comes from Art l’etacquc. a Chicago
newspaper reporter Who's an espcrl on or-
ganized crime and ottce helped "Nightlinc"

 



 

frenzied series of transatlantic calls. Em- .
ncsburg linally track her down at the home 3
burned down earlier iii the week). But she “

in Soweto; “Nightline” will have lo wait for ,

on a narrationlcss segment.) This petacque
is put together by Bob LeDonne, a producer
in New York.

At about 7 pm. Lionel Chapman, a
Washington producer, goes with a camera
crew to interview Randall Robinson, execu-
tive director of TransAfrica and a promi-
nent American critic of apartheid. Le-
Donne receives that footage at about 8 and
combines it with remarks by national-
security adviser Robert McFarlane bor-
rowed from “World News Tonight“—and

WALLV MeNAMEE—Nrwsuul

0n the more: Smtrclimex, midnight tellnix

a response to the Hot ha speech from Bishop
Desmond Tutti obtained from PBS‘s
“McNeil/Lehrer NewsHour." Using a vid-
co technique called a "wipe cut" (where one
shot window-wipes away another, left to
right), LeDonne and a tape editor intercut
between Botha's speech and the reaction
shots. It is edited and ready at 11:20. four
minutes before air time.

In Johannesburg. Nthan Motlana. a r

black Soweto civic leader, and Connie
Mulder. a wlttte conservative leader who is

to the right politically of Botha, will both i
appear at the studios of the South African i

Broadcasting Co. (SAIlC). which has con-
tracted with ABC for the transmission.

 

They arrive separately at about 6 a.m.
Johannesburg time. Another major black
leader, Gatsha Buthelezi, head of6 million
Zulus, is in Israel lobbying for support; he
is broadcast live from Jerusalem. In the
control room—and on television—they
look no farther away than any other
guests. “It could be Studio A,“ says
senior producer Bill Moore, pointing to a
bank ofmonitors. “But it‘s halfway around
the world.“

The show turns out to be a ﬁrst-class
“Nightline"——of the informative rather
than combative variety. The program is
often at its best when big news breaksduring
the day. and when more news—in this case.
the condemnation ofthe Botha speech by a
moderate leader like Buthelezi—is created
by theshow itself. Each night requires Kop-
pel to perform a slightly different function.
Tonight‘s task is not to spear evasive re-
sponscs with follow-up questions, but to be
a well-prepared intercontinental modera-
tor. The show works because the guests are
articulate and Koppel knows how to segue
gracefully into different subjects.

Botha speech—but Koppel's on-air ap-

proach is tougher. The taped segment is
another petacque. this one assembled by
producers Betsy West and Kayce Freed in
“Nightline‘s” London office. It consists of
clips of how foreign television stations cov-
ered the speech, mixed with more reaction
from politicians. South African Foreign
Minister Pik Botha (no relation to the presi-
dent) has canceled hissched uled appearance
on the show, and the Pretoria government
chooses instead to send Chris Heunis, a
memberof the cabinet. He is joined by Frank
Wisnerofthc State Department.

These are not major leaders or household
names; this show is for people who are
already interested in South Africa. But
those numbers are growing quickly in
the United States. in part because of
“Nightline‘s” persistent coverage. Koppel
is well informed and in command. He bears
down on Heunis to explain why the speech
did not offer more and presses Wisner to
clarify the American position. He warns the ;
afﬁliates that the show will run a couple of 1
minutes over. 

When the program goes offthc air. Kop '
pel occasionally leaves the ABC bureau fo
a few sets ofafter-midnight tennis at court.
specially reserved for “Nightline” near tit..-

Friday‘s topic is much the same—the

 

 

Jefferson Mctnorial. But for most of tin»

week.now isthelime he heads home. Till c .
stail‘ers who stayed to the end filter out. 'I llt‘ l
ones who had light responsibilities tip 5
week will likely have heavy ones next. Tli' t
weekday pace never slackens, llOl. even ' l
holidaysvexcept for New Year‘s l. v

Monday the subject will be athletes at '
their diflicultics with artificial turf. A' i
that, more surprises. ‘

JUNA 1 “AN AI IliR tn \Vtislnttglon and New

NliWSWl-ZIiK UN CAMl'llS/NOVIEMllll

gill  i

—

.lc
'v
o
p.
n
r

Distinct Cupwheel design. The Panasonic FtK—T40 is
the first personal electronic typewriter with a Cupwheel
printing element, it provides remarkably sharp letter-
quality type from an ingeniously designed typewriter.

Sleek and lightweight. The compact Cupwheel makes
the RK—T40 an extremely sleek personal electronic.
standing less than 4” tall and weighing only 12.3 pounds,
And a hideaway handle makes it easy to take anywhere.

Letter-quality printing. Cupwheel printin rivals that
of ollice machines costing hundreds of do Iars more.
Features like bold typing. centering and right margin
flush also help to make your work look letter perfect.

LCD display window. A 24-character LCD display lets
you see text line by line while you‘re typing. So you can
correct mistakes before they're printed on the page.

Lift-oft key. You can correct errors alter they‘re

rinted. too. Our one-line correction memory lets you
itt off your mistakes, from a single character to an
entire line. All at the touch of a button.

6

7

8

9

‘ TEXT
iN/OUT

4K text memory. Store up to two double-spaced
pages of text in nine different "files? Recall frequently
used material. review it through the LCD window. and
make revisions with incredible ease.

Print originals. Push a button, and text memory also
lets you make multiple originals of letters. resumes,
reports. you name it.

seﬁor
gargon

International keyboard. A selector switch lets you

access special characters and punctuation marks
to accommodate foreign languages.

Printer for computers. Our optional adapter trans~
forms the HK—T40 into a letter-quality printer for most
personal com uters. including the Commodore 64.“
AppleW lle. IB W PC and Panasonic '0 Sr. Partner."

[RADIMANKS Ctmumrkuuo: tiwkuiwl letrruitul-nurvd Mulle- Appiactunam-v int
IllM lllltrmalitumlllnstlul't'nMatitirws Hmdutﬂlll. Millsll‘JIiIJllr-LlliLllItimlrnllCu t

_ Panasonic
JUSt slightly ahead of our time.

Panasonic quality. Our last feature is perhaps the
best. The FlK-T40 gives you technological innovation
and product quality that you've come to expect from
Panasonic. 3 leading name in electronics.

 

10 very  ortant features make this}. Panasonic
., v the on y personal electronic of Its type. '

 

 

