 

2 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS D FRIDAY, APRIL 26, 1985

NEWS BRIEFS

Worldwide 

 

Israel withdraws I

Tel .-\t‘iv
(AP) Israel's withdrawal from a confron-
tation with Syria‘s army in eastern

Lebanon has created new uncertainties
that could lead to Syrian-Israeli clashes.

As part of its ongoing withdrawal. from
Lebanon. lsrael‘s army on Wednesday
pulled back about IZ miles front tlle line
that zig-ragged across llle farllt fields of
the Bekaa valley.

The major question is whether Syria's
50.000-nlan army ill I.challon hacked by
1.000 tanks will try to move illto areas
evacuated b_\ tlle departing |\rac|i troops '
or send in a proxy force of guerrillas. If so.
at what point will Israel react?

WW II vets reunite

i'orgall. Eds”! Gerlllany
(AP) U.S. and Soviet war veterans
gathered Thursday at tllis drab factory
towtl to recall the day 40 years ago when
they joined ‘orces ill tlleir final drive
against lllI tllnbling Nari Third Reich.

 

 

About 20.000 people gatllered for
ceremonies dtlrillg which Horst Sinder-
lnann. an official of East Germany's Com-
lnunist Party, laid a wreath at a war monu-
tnent and bands played the U.S.. Soviet
and East German national anthems.

US. officials boycotted the reunion
because of the death last month of U.S.
Army Maj. Arthur Nicholson. shot by a
Soviet guard in East Germany. Hut 100
American veterans. determined to
remember a better time. calne anyway.

Nationwide Tim/4

Reagan visit still on

Washington. DC.
(AP) President Reagan. rebuffed by West
German Chancellor Helmut Kohl when he
pleaded for a cilallge in plans. will go
through with his visit_ to a German
military cemetery. White House officials
say.

A senior White House official. speaking
privately. said Wednesday
Reagan had appealed directly in a
telephone conversation with Kohl to cancel
the cemetery visit but that Kohl was ada~

night tllat .

 

lnant they should go.

While the cemetery visit is definitely on.
the White House says. plans for a wreath-
laying ceremony at Bitburg are still being

discussed with the West German
government.
Implant patient dies

Louisville. Ky
(AP) Jack C. Burcham, a retired train
engineer who pinned hopes for an extend-
ed life on an experimental artificial heart.
died to days after his implant when a large
amount of blood in his chest cavity in-
hibited his heart's pumping. his doctors
said Thursday.

Dr. Allan M. Lansing. medical
spokesman for the Hutnana Hospital
Audubon implant team. said Burcham’s
condition had deteriorated rapidly beginn
ing late Wednesday afternoon. He died at
9:48 pm. after his left lung filled with
blood. Lansing said.

Doctors initially did not know the
specific cause of death, he said. but an
autopsy identified a large “jelly-like" clot
around the artificial heart.

The upper chambers of his heart were
remnants of his own natural organ. The
lower chambers were lnade up by the
plastic and metal device.

 

 

x

PREVIEW OF EVENTS

p)

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ERICA S PIEOEL UPS

   

Statewﬂ

 

 

 

Cop brutality probed

» V New York
(AP) Mayor Edward I. Koch has asked the
FBI and the United States attorney's ofﬁce
to conduct “a full and complete investiga-
tion" into charges by three men that they
were heated and tortured by police in the
mom Precinct ill Queens to force drug sale
confessions. ‘

Four officers have been arrested and
another suspended in a widening police
department investigation into charges that
officers tortured suspects with an electrical
device known as a “stun gun." Police
Commissioner Benjamin Ward has said
the attacks may have been racially
motivated. ,

In addition. Koch announced Wednes-
day that all 18 supervisors were being
transferred from the 106th Precinct.

Coke maker nabbed

. Albany” N. Y.
(AP) A North Carolina man is accused of
involvement in what federal employees say
was the largest cocaine laboratory ever
discovered in North America.

Thomas Warren Hall. 54. was arraigned
before a federal magistrate Wednesday
just after being released from Veterans
Administration Medical Center here. The
hospital would not say why Hall had been
hospitalized.

Hall is charged with conspiracy to
manufacture and traffic cocaine. Linda
Blumenstock, public relations officer at
the veterans hospital. said Hall was
discharged from the hospital about ll
a.m. Wednesday and was arrested by of-

ficers of the federal Drug Enforcement

Agency. . ‘t'

 

 

Correction

An article in last Tuesday's Albany Stu-
dent Press about the impeachment of
Young College Democrats' president An-
drew Gelbman incorrectly attributed two
statements to John Attanasio.

Gclblnan was removed for failing to
“carry out the aims of the Young
Democrats” was actually said by Joel
Rothman while reading from the group's
constitution.

Further it was the consensus of those at?
tending that Gelbman had’violated several
articles. and was not just Attansio's belief.

 

 

Free listings

Party In the Park 85 will be
held on Saturday April 27 at
12:00 in Washington Park. The
event Is sponsored by the Oil
Campus‘AssociatIon and Is
part 01 the Miller High Lile
Rock series leatures three
bands. the Sharks. the
Kingpins, and the Newports.
Beer and soda will be available
all day. and the event is ex.
pected to last until 5:00 pm.

Maylost will be held on Satur~
day. May 4 at 12:00. The event
will feature three bands. The
Tubes. Todd Rundgren and
Utopia. and Oils Day and the
"Animal House" band. Tickets
are, one at $7. one at $10 per
tax card. three lax cards per
person.

Albany Rape Crisis Center
director Judith V. Condo will

 

speak on the need lor preven- door. $7.00 and $9.00. For
tionolchlld sexual abuse.and ticket information call
its underlying causes and el- 457-8651.

lects. The talk will take place
on April 30. at 7:00 pm. in LC
21. The talk Is sponsored by
Sigma Delta Tau.

The Bloodmobllo will be at the '
SUNYA Campus Center3
Ballroom on Monday April 29
from 10:00 am. to 4:00 pm.
Allband Auditions tor Colonial
Quad's Ouadstock '85 will be
held Sunday April 28 (ram 12
to 5 pm. In the basement of
Morris Hall. There Is a $5.00
entry lee per group. You must
be signed up before auditions.
The First Annual Hispanic
Feast will he held on Saturday.
April 27 lrom 9:00 pm. to 3:00
am. at the Campus Center
Ballroom. The event.
presented by Fuerza Latina.
will leature DJ Gordon and
free bear all night. Tickets in
advance are $5.00 with tax
card and $7.00 without. At the?

Musics Fomlna will perlorm in
concert at RPI's Chapel and
Cultural Center on Burdett
Avenue In Troy. at 8:00 pm. on
Friday. April 26. Admission Is
$1 with RPI ID and $3 (or the
general public.

1906 Health professions ap-
plicants must attend a
meeting on either Wednesday.
May 1 at 4:00 in LC 11 or
Thursday. May 2 at 4:00 In LC
13. Application procedures;
choosing schools and inter-
viewing techniques for
medical. osteopathic. dental.
optometry. podiatry.
chiropractic or veterinary
schools will be discussed.

A Mathematics colloquium
will be held on Tuesday. April
30 at 4:15 pm. In ES 140. Pro-
Iessor Roger Barnard of Texas
Tech University wIll speak on
zeros of polynomials with ap-

plications to digital filters. Tea
will be served at 3:30 In ES

Meditation will be held on
Sunday. April 28 at 4:00 pm. In
Campus Center Room 373.
The event. sponsored by the
Flame, is being presented by
the Center for Jewish Medita-
tion and Healing.

Spring Career Day will be held
at Russell Sage College from
9:30 am. to 2 pm. on Satur-
day. April 27.

Troy Musical Arts presents a
concert at Bush Memorial
Center on Saturday, April 27 at
8 pm. Admission Is $4.50 for
the general public and $2.50
lor students.

Statistics Colloquium Series
presents C. Odoroll from the
University at Rochestorat 4:15
pm. Wednesday. May 1.

The Flame presents
"Understanding Jewish
Prayer” every Wednesday
from 7:15-8 pm. In 00320.

Physics Colloquium presents
Apostolos G. Doukas speak-
Ing on "Ultraiast
Photophyslcal Processes 01
the Visual Pigments" on Fri-
day. May 3 at 3 pm. In PH129.

Nuclear Power ls Satcr than ‘

We Thought is the title of a
physics colloquium to be held
In L06 on Thursday. May 2 at 8

pm.
SUNYA Peace Project
presents “Testament” on
Tuesday. April 30 at 7:30 pm.
In the Flathskellar.

Nuclear Freeze Referendum
will be discussed by Jim Mur-
phy at 7:30 pm. on Wednes-
day. May 1 in HU131.
Graduating Recitals will be
given by Martha Mooke and
Ellen Young on April 27 at 3
pm. and April 28 at 3 pm. In
the Recital Hall.

“Chamber Music" a dramatic
comedy will be presented May
2. 3. and 4 at B p.m. In Arena
Theater.

 

 

 

By Doug Tuttle

S IZ-tH' II'ﬂll’ER

The first Albany landlord convicted or ‘

violating the city‘s anti-grouper -Iaw.

Jasmine See. was sentanccd Thursday to'

serve 45 days in jail and pay a 55.500 fine.
according .to Albany Director of Codes
Enforcement Mike Alvaro.

See was convicted on three countrs of

violating the anti-grouper law in residences ‘

she owns at 563 Washington Ave and 7l5
State St.

Alvaro offered an explanation for the
severity of the scntance, saying that every
effort is being made to give offenders a

hearing and assess a moderate fine. See. .

however. “was uncooperative. didn't res-
pond to inquiries and refused to admit
guilt." Alvaro said:

See disagreed. claiming that Alvaro
wanted her to plead guilty without any

notice. hearing or legal process. “There's,

supposed to be some judicial process." See
said. “not just calling someone up and
asking them to plead guilty."

See said she informed the students of the
grouper law and told them that if they
choose to live in violation of the law. they
should‘ be prepared to bear the
responsibility.

Cathy Russo, a student tenant in See’s
building at 563 Washington Ave and a
witness at See’s trial, denied this and said
that in fact. See had only warned the
residents of the house to “fix it so it look-

FRIDAY, APRIL 26, 1985 D ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 

 

Student apartments in Albany

    

UPS

Jasmine Set: is the first landlord convicted of violating the Grouper Law

ed like only three people lived there."

Russo also said that Alvaro came to the
house and said See had dellied knowing
that five people lived in the house.

“They have been intimidated by the city
officials." See said of the students who
testified at the trial. .

According to Russo. Alvaro said that
See had the option to pay a fine or appear
in court.

“If I was her, I would have paid the
fine." Russo said. “She 'got herself into
more trouble as it turned out." She added.

“we didn't want to see her ptlt in jail."
Prior to her sentancing. See said she
plans to sue the city and Alvaro for
“violating her civil rights."
“It‘s unfair for the city to single me
out.“ said See. who also said she plans to
appeal her sentance.

“It was the students who entered into
the agreement and found the people to live
there.“ See continued. “it was tlle
students who violated the law." she
charged.

 Sentenced in Grouper Law'violations

“Where the hell does the city get the
right to go after the landlord this year and
not the tenant?" See asked. "Deﬁnitely.
the student has to have some ofthe respon-
sibility." she said.

Alvaro denied that anyone was being
singled out. He explained that any actions
taken against offenders were in response to
complaints from neighbors. Most com-
monly. he said, the complaints involve
problems with noise. parking or garbage
collection.

“We're not trying to disrupt everyonc’s
lives." Alvaro said. “We're just going
after the ﬂagrant violators.“

'“lf kids want to get out of hand. they‘ll
receive a visit." he asserted.

Alvaro said no steps to evict students il-
legally will be made as long as they are
cooperative and make efforts not to be
disruptive to the neighborhood.

“If we agree that we‘re going to let them
continue to live in violation. they better
uphold their end of the bargain.“ he said.
"That may mean cancelling the party for
50 people."

“Let the kids be careful alld they
shouldn't have trouble.“ Alvaro said.
“We will do anything'we can to ltclp the
kids."

“It's our problem. but SUNYA‘s
responsibility." Alvaro said. adding "we
have a responsibility to‘ enforce our or-
dinance, but I think they have a respon-
sibilitytohousctheir students." l i

Week’s events lift Gay and Lesbian awareness

By Andrea Corson
STAFF warren ~

1 Although the people protesting Louis Farrakhan were
chanting. loud enough to disrupt a planned ‘discusson
Wednesday night. most of the events of Gay and Lesbian
Awareness Week were held without problems.

According to Jim Glenn, a former president ofthe Gay
and Lesbian Alliance (GALA). a follow-up discussion of
the film “Pink Triangle" was not held because of the
noise of the demonstrators outside. The film deals with
the experiences of homosexuals in the Nazi holocaust.

According to Glenn. “the single most successfu event
(of the week) so far ws the showing of the film “Silent
Pioneers." Art audience of almost l20 came to see it. and
a follow-up discussion was conducted by Patrice Ginigcr
Snyder. the executive producer of the movie.

The audience saw a 42 minute version of the film. andw
Olson said that for those who were unable to see it. there

will be an edited version shown locally in May and in the

Albany area in late June.

she is an excellent

in general."

The week started off with “Gay blue jeans day" Mon-
day. Although many peopleworc shorts. the day was suc-
cessful despite the warm weather. said Glenn.

Virginia Apuzzo. the former Executive Director of the
National Gay. Task Force. spoke Monday night arid
Glentt said she “set the tone for the week." He feels that
role model and an "eloquent
spokesperson for Gay and Lesbian rights and civil rigllts

Glenn paraphrased Apuzzo. saying "the path for suc-
cess to gay and lesbian civil rights is the coalition building
with other oppressed groups. (but) we don't want to be
guilty of oppresslng othergroups if we become successful
In achieving Ollr civil rights." V

Gay and Lesbian Awareness Week has also sparked a
reaction from people other than homosexuals, according

to both Glenn and Russ. who requested that only his first

name be used. He is currently co-chair of GALA.

reaction."

Using the format of the week‘s poster. Ross said. an
anti-gay poster was designed and posted by someone.
Glenn said GALA is "reluctant to make an'issue out. of
tile anti-poster." because it could disturb people prescutlv
dealing with their sexuality. ' ' '

Glenn said the week Ilas been successful because “we
are getting a reaction. it may be a bad one. but it's a

Chris Mayo. coordinator of the Lesbian and Gay
Center added. “In a sense I am pleased at the negative
response due to their ignorance —— because of the reaction
we must be doing something right."

“l‘m saddedned that people can be so ignorant and so
uncomfortable with their own sexuality as to encourage
violence against people who are different." said Russ.

JP

 

By Pat Paul
STﬂl’lv II'RITL’R

Less than 100 SUNYA stttdents show-
ed up for a planned statewide rally by
college sttldents from all over New York
State Tuesday at the Capitol against
raising the state‘s alcohol purchasing
age to 2]. ‘

Representatives front Syracuse
University. Skidmore College. and
SUNY units at Binghamton. Buffalo.
Cortland. Oneonta. Oswego. Stony
Brook and Albany attended. but
SUNYA‘s turnout was considerably
smaller than the l.000 people expected.
according to coordinator Larry
Hartman. ‘ '

After the rally students went to lobby
against the hike. but aides to lawmakers
seeking to raise the age said Tuesday
that there was no guarantee that it
would collie up for a vote. leaders of
the Assembly. they said. are likely to
wait for the decision in the lawsuit
South Dakota filed against the federal
government’s decision to suspend
highway funds If a state fails to adopt
Ilzl'll

“I thought as a student representative
i was fighting for something that they
wanted but maybe I was wrong. it's very
disappointing." said Hartman. explain»

 

Statewide ‘21 ’ rally marked
by meager SUNYA turnout

ing that many factors may have con-
tributed to the small turnout.

“People don't want to miss class
because finals are coming up and many
students believe they are fighting a lost
cause." said Sttldcnt Association Vice
President elect Ross Abelow. One thing
that did not contribute to the sparse tur-
nout was lack of publicity. said Hart-
man. “There were posters all over catn~
pus. and we even went door to door in
the quads. lfthat won't get the students
out. nothing will." he said.

Only one bus run was needed of the
three that were planned front two huscs
rented by SA to carry demonstrators.
Student protesters gathered at Alutttni
Quad and from there marched to the
legislativebttilding to voice their opi-
nions. The march to tile capitol was not
silent. beginning with some support
from it group of pre-school children
who were enjoying the cheers that tile
students gave thenl after they hung a
,“Stop 2|" sign from the porch they
were playing on.

Once they reached tlle capitol. tile
marchers joined students from other
colleges. but were dwarfed by a rally of
doctors protesting malpractice In-
surance fees. One reporter from

ill "V

F» n _ ..

ltt

; ..
nttt “It I

sit,

f4:

Students ll the State Capitol r ‘ " . alcohol purchasing hike to 21
SUNYA had a disappointing turnout at the statewide rally.

 

 

IIIch "tenet UP

 

 

 

