 

' 10a Aspects on Tuesday

 

saw A Chorus Line on Broadway

I several years ago. i thought it was a

good show, not a singular sensation,

but a good show nonetheless. Last Thurs-

day, the touring version played at Pro-

ctor's. That"v'vas a good show as well.
But. . . '

Ian Spelling

A Chorus Line has been playing on
Broadway for eleven years now. The show
is a Manhattan staple, a legend in its own
time. But why? it’s an enjoyable show,
granted, but better musicals have opened
and closed while the line at the Shubert
Theatre, and now Proctor’s, continues
kicking up its heels.

Perhaps the simplicity which
underscores the entire production makes
the show tick. The story is simple enough:
A group of nearly twenty dancers dying
for a precious few spots in the chorus of a
Broadway show audition for a casting
director. For two hours they dance, sing,
and describe themselves.

in the end, who earns the jobs and who
doesn't proves not nearly as important as
the challenge. The casting director selects
the dancers based solely on talent and per-
sonality. The audience is left wondering
why those who weren't chosen failed the
test. The majority of the dancers were
superior. What gave those selected the
edge? We never find out.

A Chorus Line takes place in 1975, and
this time frame remains. Therefore, when a
dancer says she was born in 1945, the
assumption is she’s forty years old. A forty
year old dancer? There are only so many
Ann Millers on this earth, so A Chorus
Line loses a degree of truth.

On the other hand, the play is timeless.
it's 1985, and still the only line a dancer can
count on in the theatre business is the
unemployment line. Thus,. the problems
the various dancers mention still ring true
today. Also, in 1975. when the play
premiered, it was ahead of its time. The

 

 

   
 

conversations concerning homosexuality
are realistic, not melodramatic, and were
considered daring at the time.

The Proctors version was nearly iden-
tical to the Broadway production. Though

Shubert's, this actually permitted more in-
timacy. The lighting was also effective,
particularly during solos, when a colored
light or spotlight set off an actor’s face or
body. The large mirror at the back of the
stage reflected the dancers, as well as a
fascinating distortion of the Proctors'
crowd.

Acting is A Chorus Line's greatest at-
tribute, and the show's broad scope its
greatest flaw. Too many actors fill the
stage. None is the star,- all are supporting
actors. Thursday night, however, several
cast members stood out. Rita O'Connor
played the wise cracking, aging‘dancer to

 

perfection, while Lisa Leguillov's solid perv

Albany’s own

Live id at

    

 

 

Sarge Blotto
ta Live Aid concert can feed the star
I ving people of Africa, then a Live
, Aid concert can feed Albany
County's hungry. This is the concept
behind the Emergency Food Task Force’s
Live Aid event scheduled for this Sunday
at J.B.'s Theatre.

 

Loren Ginsberg '

As a part of the Capitol Fund Drive '85,
the proceeds from the event will be used to
supply food for the Emergency Food Task
Force's pantries, which are located
throughout Albany to provide food for
needy citizens. Karen Herrlich, a Task
Force volunteer promoting the event on
campus, explains, "Right now they have no

 

 

food left. They have to find a way to get

J.B."s

food. So, they came up with the idea of a
Live Aid~type of concert."

The show will be an all day event, with
matinee and evening performances by
volunteer professionals. “There will be two
different types of shows which will ap-
peal to different groups of people," says
Herzlich. '

The matinee runs from 1:00 to 5:00
p.m., and features Doc Scanlon, Lisa

Robelotto, Prodigy, Begonia, a Filene’s'

fashion show, and other entertainers. From
7:00 pm. to midnight, the Stomplistics,

 . . This is not just a

campus thing; it’s for all of .

Albany. . . " ' ' '
‘Karen Herzlich

 

Dance Planet, Chefs of the Future, Who
Likes What, Diversion Factor, The Distrac-
tions, and Filene‘s rock fashion show will
take the stage at l.B.'s Theatre, with Sarge
Blotto as a guest emcee.

Tickets are $5.00 and can be purchasd at
the door or in advance at J.B.’s Theatre.
Strawberries, Drome Sound,‘ Filene’s.
Records ‘n Such, and Midland Records.
The Emergency Food Task Force expects
that this event provide a big boost for the
Capitol Fund Drive '85. With popular
bands and entertainers volunteering their
time and talent for the benefit of the poor,
all that remains is for the community to
participate by enjoying the show on Sun-
day. "This is not just a campus thing,"

stresses Herzlich. "it’s for all of Albany." [3

the Proctors’ stage was smaller than the.

" "up...

        
 

fancy footwork and enjoyable singing. "
Perhaps the best performance of the

The highlight of the show, in dramch
terms, was Falk’s soliloquy on his homosex-
uality. The audience sat enraputured while
Falk agonized on the empty stage.

Most of the ‘other actors were fine,
though several weren't on key during

formance as Diana was enhanced by her

 

  

evening belonged to Willy Falk, ‘whose "
dancing skills complemented his acting. j

musical numbers. Donna McKechnse, as .

   
   

  
 
  
 
 

  
 
   
  
    
  
     
   
  
  
  
  
  
      
    
  

CaSsie, danced addilrably,|howeVer, her

    
  

Chorus Line demands a sense of power, it
is that of Cassie.

All in all, A Chorus Line at Proctors was
as good as could be expected- And its

 

 

timelessness was proven once again when 7
Connie (Suzen Murakoshi) explained how '

she acted as a child in The King and]. The

Proctors'audience fell silent for a moment ’
to reflect on Yul Brynner’s deathmaj-day .
earlier. Then in the best showb‘usiness .'

tradition, the show went on. Y El

 

   

voice lacked power. And if:one role in A '

 

ark turns into Delaware. Go past the
L Spectrum, take a left on Second

road you’ll find the Albany Civic Theatre;

' Things 'are brewing inside.

 

Mike Dermansky

A community troupe is, for the
first time, presenting an origianl work,
Theater Row, a comedywritten by native.
Albanian Ross Alexander: Albert Asermé-
ly, a theatre professor at SUNYA, is direc-

 

students: Marcelle Langan, Richard
Weidert, .and Kolette K. Stim. Helene Ross,
a graduate student who teaches two
theatre classes, is also in the cast.

When asked how he got involved 'With‘
the play, Asermely answered, "I had done
a stage reading in New York two years
ago. A play similar to‘it'opened'off Broad:
way (Nolses Off), which held up its pro-
duction. That play has closed, so i see this
play moving on." *

The fact that thereare so many SUNYA
students in the cast I is unrelated to
Asermely’s involvement. "The cast was

‘ selected by 'a casting com mittee."lhe audi-

tions were open call, with over 20 people
trying out for each part," he explained.

Assistant director, Ross Meyerson, a one
year graduate of SUNYA,'spoke of the
play as a super vehicle to get outside the
university. "This is what an actor’s resume
is made up of. it is hard to get work, and
this is ‘a‘ itep towards regional exposure."
Meyerson is founder of a traveling com-
pany, The Altemate Theatre, which
recruites SUNYA students.

Helene Ross commented on how very
professional the SUNYA students trying
out appeared. "They said they have never
seen so many. l’d like to say i have lots of
talented kids in my beginning theatre
classes and would like to see them branch
out, get a feel for the acting world. There is
more and more theatre, especially for
SUNYA students and new playwrites.”

 

Aserm'ely leads 1: students
down Theatre” "

Avenue. Down this ,windy, narrow I

ting a cast which includes, three SUNY '

, point average, ‘ the cements Explore a

  

   
  

  



From tan a' tighu‘a-r'e’y'ema,‘
Luigon, Robert Weideﬂ'lnd,llllbert a
Alermely. . _  . _ _ 
play. an exciting experience ’
since the author is working ‘

 

   

made during regearsals. Since'lhe'play has
never been performed, the possibilities for
change at this, point are limitiéiis‘.‘

"There is something exciting about-a
new play, Vversus somethin that has
alreadybeen done,""Logaii c6  merited.

Richard Weidert also , enjoys the
' freedoms! ‘a *neW‘produqat-it?"'i Can’t be
compared“ to anyone. l’m creating, a new
character,” he insisted. ‘ " ‘

The play is about'a youngcredt direcv
tor, Nikos, who‘is given an ultimatum by '
his father: "Make “big in the theatre now,
or come home to the family business." it is
a play within a play. Kolette. K. Slim 'plays
an assistant director in the play/Which is
“pretty‘bizarre” according to‘ Skim: She‘ex-
plained.“l was the assistant director for Our
Town (at SUNYA). lt ir’ltkefllfe «the
stage, and the stage as life." ' '

The play opens October 16th and runs ’
two weeks. Wednesday arid Satdrday at 2
pm. with Sunday mating“ at 2:30.
Theatre Row may be a good opportunity
to get away from the sterile, the grade

vacuum dent in Albany —- off [ark St” or

m ‘
.‘S.

 

Logan enjoys the fact that revisions are .

 

 

Marcell Lagan said, "it is an exciting new

off off off (but seemingly not too far from) .
Broadway. ‘ El

 

 

   
  

 

 

 

 

 
  

 

’ (die, you  lonejo'f

..
:l"
n, A."
0 TI”
E v .
.
m

 

- -f’Butj,_how wilt-.we’,kn'ow if'yio'u‘r'n do it or not?" 
., '.’lf l'm 'not'back in‘four‘ days, assume i am dead and send
. one of he boys for foodlslt's iii our blood. We must live un-
til-weare, it dead. They can try and starve us if they will.
But l’ll;figlit to my‘last breath. In the meantime, l'm hungry,

 

V as are you,:,a's is Mary‘and, Tricia and Sue, ‘and Adam’gand,
'Bob,’and John. I don’t want to die.'l'don't_. want anyone to'
die. But we all'will if someone doesn‘t dosomething.‘ i an _

doing'somethin'gtl don’t have a death wish, I have a life
wish.‘Life_is precious.‘You~onlyliyeconce." . - -

"So-let as live and die together. Oh, George please, i beg
you, don’t leave." " ‘ ‘ ' . ~j

"Don’t you see, ‘Anne, if there wasno hopeijat all l would
stay and die ' '
the hill. it's within reach..l.c‘ari~get to it." ' "

"Do you truly believe .you'll 'make it?" ,

"l pray I will. But it’s a long trek, and no one has ever
made it back. I will make it though, i am confident. I must
make it. Now bring the children to me, Anne."

Anne walked away, dejected. Her family was starving,

' facing 'a slow, painful death. But Anne was a faithful wife.
She gathered her brood of six children and stood them
before their father. Her husband. ‘

Though they tried, the children could not remain still.

 

  

They fidgeted} cried, and little 'Trici'a,‘ the baby of the fami-
ly, ran to her mother.,?l'hey’i<,'n‘e’w.  ' N I

"Children," George stammered, though he tried to sound
forceful, "i must go away to find food for us. i have always
been honest with. you. I .and i will be. . .l love you
all. (Children, I may die attempting this, but we will all die
anyway if i don’t at least try. l. . ."

"Daddy, what does death feel like?" queeried Bob.

,"Well, you know that feeling in your stomach now, that
grumbling sound it makes. Well, that gets worse, really bad,
until it hurts so much it just stops hurting. And you're dead."

“But what's after that," cried Mary, "do we suffer after
that?" -

"No honey, we reach peace after that."

"Peace7," Adam wondered out loud. "How do you know
what it's like. Have you ever been dead, Dad? Huh.”

"Yeah, Dad, how can you talk about death?" murmmered
Sue.

George kept a cairn face about him, but peered pleading-
ly toward Anne, whose look, translated, said, “You got
yourself into this mess, get yourself out of it."

"i have never been dead. You know that. i should not talk
as if i have met Him. l have no right to. But we - your
mother and i, you, your friends — everyone but those who
don't believe, have been taught for ages that life goes on. A
life far more peaceful than could be imagined during your
lifetime of hardships awaits us all —— even the non-believers.

“But, no,” George admitted without reserve, "l have
never been dead. And i hope not to die soon. i want to
watch you all grow. i love your mother dearly and want to
spend the rest of my life with her. i adore my friends, my
family, my dear|Aunt Valerie. Of course i want to live, but
my life won’t in; worth anything to me if i must watch you,
my own flesh and blood, die before my eyes. i must climb
that mountain and claim food for you.

"it i die in the process, i want you to know i did it for
you, out of love and nothing else. And if i don't make it,
don't feel sorry for me; to each man his own poison. i
choose death while striving for life rather than laying prone
and allowing death to consume me. No. if death wants me

,one with my family. But'th'eré'is food atop ~

give up."Not now. Notlever. Do you understand 'me?".
- The childrenweren’t quite smiling, but they were proud
of their father. _They;kn‘ew. heio‘ved them. He had always
been kind, loving, andaffectionate;'sometimesvoverly affec-
tionate. Every morning  every night'George would hug’
1 his Children. Occasionally, win" the middle of the night,
George would checkup on them and plant quiet kisses. The

‘1 [children would pretend tobe sleepingor in some cases they

would not-let George know he had awakended them with a
Wet kiss. As soon as he would leave, they’d rub their faces
and wipe the saliva somewhere, anywhere —- as long as the
stuff- was off their faces.‘ ' ' .

But a quiet reality now 'set in.  if Dad never returned

'to‘ offer oneof those sloppy smooches? Who would do the
hugging? Mom wasthediscipllnarian.‘ Dad ra‘n interference
when she’was ’on the Warpath. Who’d do that? Who'd cry

v when: the children earned A's in school? Who'd be willing to

'play‘a marathon game of hide and seek? . '

she squealed with delight, as she hugged him fiercely.
George smiled. The other children gathered around their
father, who continued smiling that smile, the one that says,
“Hey, they love me." And so they did. Though reveling in
pride, George stole a glance at Anne. She was sobbing
violently. -Would they be expressing such devotion to her,
she wondered. George read this in the tears streaming down
her cheeks. V g '
"Anne, join us,” George demanded through a smile.
"Please Mommy,” pleaded Tricia.
"Come ‘on, Mom," urged Bob.
Simultaneously, Mike and Sue shouted, "We love’ you
'too, Momi"

 

 

so badly, it will have to beat me at its own game. i won't

So Anne joined the happy family. Happy in love. Happy
in the shadow of death because love conquers everything;

 
  
  

  
 

For George and Anne it conquered only as much as it had
to; should George survive, life would be better than ever,
should he perish in his quest, the family will have known
love, and knowing the meaning of love stabs death in the
heart. .

The next morning, George was ready for whatever fate
had in store. During the night he snuck his usual kisses, or at

  

 

‘least tried.lAll except Tricia opened their eyes upon hearing

the. smack of lips. The kids smiled and said "i love you,
Dad." But Tricia slept right through. Later, when George
'had fallen asleeprTricia crawled into the space between
Georgeand Anne.:$he pecked her father for hours, though
he failed to awaken. Finally, when the alarm clock within
sounded, George'awoke to a young face peering into his.
He gently reached for this face and brought it close to his.
"Kiss me again," cooed Tricia. And George did. Anne laugh-
ed and wiped Tricia's face. She then joined in the kissing
contest and was soon teamed with the remainder of the
family. "Bliss," exclaimed George to no one in particular.

' Soon enough, George kissed the children good-bye. He
walked over to Anne. "George," she said seriously, "do you
believe those things you told the children about Christ and
death?"

"All i know is i never questioned those things as a child. if
i die, you and the kids will have to face reality. i will have to
face our maker. Sure, i wish Christ would come to me to-
day, in person. l’d say, "Christ, where have you been? Have
1 got a shopping list for you. Look at what the world has
done to itself since you left. You've got a lot of work to do,
starting with getting food for me and my family."

"But, do i believe everything i told the kids? i don't know.
Somebody had to create all of this. We can’t just live and
die. Just like that. There has to be more, there just has to.
But there are so many religions, and so many problems in
this world. And many of these problems are caused by
religion. in fact, since you put me on the spot, and since i
may never see you again, I'll tell you something else. Every
once in a while, and quite often lately, i think religion causes
more problems than it solves. Who is right? i can't say
because i don’t know. Everyone thinks he is right."

L Tricia crawled to her father's side. "i love you Daddy,”

Aspects on Tuesday 11-

 no) mountain high enough

" 1 gig die-be with resort, please darling, any ad, ,
' 9h dotlfs #0 the Children. Thinkof them, for '

believe that if i die 1 will see you all again somewhere,
sometime. You and l are one, and the children are a part of
us both. Take good care of them if i don’t return, and take
care of yourself. i love you and i always will. You can forget

'religionfbut don’t ever forget that."

' With that, Anne and George kissed. George then hugged
and kissed each of the children. "i love you all," he said,
choking back tears, but they knew.that already.

- ‘lt was'daylight as George began his ascent. He took with
him no food, or water, or tools. All he needed was himself,
and his desires, and his desperation. That would be enough.

Home was but a faint blur on the horizon by the second
day. And George kept going. Onward, forward, upward, he

told himself. George thought of Anne and the children. He
was sort of their mother, not that she didn't love them as
much as he, but he was always the affectionate one, the one

who answered questions and cried when the children did.
Anne was tougher, or so she believed, he thought. But hope
filled his head. "i will make it!" George screamed. And if he
didn't, Anne would'make the adjustment to playing both
mom and dad. She realized the children loved her in the
days before George left. They could count on her, and she
on them. George smiled at the thought.

The mountain proved fairly easy climbing.

Higher and higher he went.

Higher and higher.

Higher.

Finally, George reached the top. it was broad daylight.
And George celebrated his arrival in a triumphant silence.
He then sighted the bounty, tons and tons of food. Enough
to feed everyone in town. But, of more import, enough to
feed his family. His family. The tough part was complete.
Grab the stuff and run for it, George figured as he headed
for the n'iass of food. Suddenly a cloud shadowed the area.
George panicked. He ran in circles. Around and around.
Serpentine, serpentine. He screamed within himself. Terror.
"l'm in hell,” George cried. "i must be." The cloud then
lifted, and George let down his guard.

Then, without warning, the blackness, in all its horrible
glory,-befell George. He was pinned under something —
something dreadfully heavy, something deadly. George, us-
ing the last of his strength, turned his head and saw the
master of his fate.

"God damn ants, Rose. | just smashed another one of the
little bastards. When is the exterminator coming?"

“Next Tuesday." .

George heard this and frowned. “My family, my wife,
the kids. i love them. They love me. . ." With that
George's world truned dark.

At the foot of the kitchen table in Rose Price’s home,
Anne felt a sensation. "Children," she sobbed, "i don't think
your father made it. . 

“Can i try Mom, please," interrupted Adam.

"Yes, your father would want it that way."

Back at Rose Price's house life continued as usual. "He
promised he'd be here on Tuesday. Now stop complaining
and let's go upstairs. Wheel of Fortune is about to begin."
Upstairs, Pat Sajak was telling a contestant'that the letter
“A” had already been called. Rose Price and her husband
taunted the television.-Downstaris, under the kitchen table,
Anne kissed her eldest son farewell. All the children wished
him well.

On the table, in the late afternoon of a typical Long island

 

summer,*atop an ant named George. sat a mug which read:
“Life Sucks — and Then You Die.” - El

 

 

"But what counts is I love you and the kids. And i do

 

 

I’lll FA. "D. By GARY LARSON
(Till-6.5 Unlvl'lll Prm Syndican

6‘ M T' "1 ~.

M M1‘v“ M

 

 

 

 

  

      

   
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
 

