 

 

 

 

family friend, with producer Jerome Gary
("Pumping Iron"), who was about to begin
work on a new, feature-length documen-
tary. “I set up an appointment with him just
to get some more information about the
field, "Phillips says, "buthe ended up offer-
ing me a/ob. "

After a year and a half as Gary’s pro-
duction coordinator (her efforts can be seen
on the recently released docu-drama “ The
Stripper”), Phillips decided to make a go of
a free-lance career. "Afters yearandahalf,
you develop a lot of contacts In this busi-
ness, "she says. "You/earn a lot of names,
and i called anyone and everyone i knew
who had some connection to the business.
/ spent weeks with nothing but phone ap-
pointments before anything turned up. "

Something did turn up, and Phillips

landed her first free-lance position, as an
assistant at a commercial company for $75
a day; that, In turn, led to a $50 a day job
with an industrial production company.
"You get more experience in industrial
work, " Phillips says, "so it's worth the dif-
ference in pay. " In the year since she left
her full-time position with Gary, Phi/lips has
been out of work for no more than three or
four weeks.

During Aids '5 Sag‘Harbor, New York,
location shooting for "Sweet Liberty,"
Phillips earned $450 a week (plus another
$120 in weekly meal money). “I was lucky
enough to fell into something I really
liked. " she reflects. "i mean, i could have
taken that first job and hated It. "

I think if someone doesn’t know what
they want to do they should/ust go out and
try something. If / had taken courses in film
at school, I don’t think It would have met-
tered. Nothing recommends you In this bus-
iness, or In many others i would think, like
your previous experience. People don't
look at what courses you’ve taken, which
professors you 'Ve had: that's not real. They
look at who you've worked with, what
you‘ve done. That's whatcounts. "

 

 

MOVING IN

 

 

kay. you've decided on that great
o accounting Job In Chicago (or was

it that terrific spot as Junior public
relations executive at the racetrack In
Louisville. Kentucky?). Next step: find a
place to live. Once you've decided how you
want to live—«alone. with a roommate, with
your parents (with your parents?), or with a
large group (in a boarding house situation,
for example)——you should run (don’t walk)
to the nearest newsstand and pick up the
best daily newspaper in the area.

By assessing the prices in the area,
and knowing what's available to you, you
will now be equipped to ask some In-
telligent questions. Start with the person-
nel office of your new firm; if the firm is not
large enough for a personnel office, talk to
the person who hired you. Do as much
legwork as you can before visiting the local
real estate brokers, who sometimes (par-
ticularly in the larger cities) charge as
much as 15 percent of your annual rent In
exchange for their services. (In some other
areas of the country it Is the landlord who
pays the brokerage fee, so check and see
what the accepted convention is In the
area you're looking.)

You might want to look into the fur-
nished apartment market. which can lead
you to some pleasant surprlses. You can
oiten find a furnished apartment at close to
the same price as an unfurnished unit. If
you do decide to go the lurnished route,
which could save you a good deal in time,

   
 

Special Advertising Supplement

what exactly is in the apartment and what
condition it's In before you move in, elim-
inating any questions which might arise at
the end of the lease.

Speaking of leases you'd probably be
smart to pay a visit to the local real estate
board and review a copy of the standard
lease agreement. If the lease offered to
you by your landlord doesn’t differ from the
standard form. you have nothing to worry
about. If at all possible, see that your se-
curlty deposit is being kept in an interest-
bearing account (this has become almost
standard operating procedure, but it never
hurts to ask).

Be prepared to spend at least one-
quarter of your take-home salary on rent
(less If you want to double- or triple—up with
a roommate or two), although you might
find you have to part with more than half of
your paycheck to find suitable living
quarters, partié'ul'a‘rly if you want to live
alone.

When you're starting out, it probably
makes good sense to seek a short-term
lease, which would leave you free to make
any career change that might come up. (Of
course, a longer-term lease locks you in to
a given rent for a longer period of time. so
you should weigh carefully your needs for
mobility against those of security.)

One last note: it's often a good idea to
consider buying an apartment (either in a
cooperative or condominium complex) if
you plan on living In a large city for a long
period of time. You'll rarely be called upon
to put down more than 10 percent of the
purchase price as a down payment (in
Texas, for example. you'll need only 5 per-
cent), and it is almost always possible to
get a mortgage as long as you're able to
make the down payment and demonstrate

 

 

   

 IDS incial Plan
Can Payrgff
Right From e Start!!!

Send for a free copy of our booklet

“Financial Planning: How it works for you"

The booklet is yours——FREE—with no obligation.
Mail this card today.

NAME . . -. .

ADDRESS ..,.,77... .. . .....

 

Cl'l‘Y...... . STATE. . . le’

mm un nil-tut

IDS "

Personal Financial Planners

PHONE K .. )

 

C lltﬁ Fumul Senna-n Ilka. lilt't All Anwnrnn Emu-M romp-"y

nuw LU ptcp'cuc nu L116 SCCO

biggest shock of your life

Graduation isn't the end of school—it’s the beginning of responsibility

Everything costs money. There's rent. Your student loans. Car loans. Phone bills. Electr
Insumncc. More than you can imagine. That’s where IDS Personal Financial Planners can he

IDS is one of the nation’s most experienced ﬁnancial planners. For 90 years we’ve suco
muppcd out ﬁnancial futures for people just like you.

An IDS Financial Planner will sit down with you one-to-onc and hpr you develop a sol
ﬁnancial plan. A plan that can put your ﬁnancial life in order. Budgct for all those bills. Help}
out of debt. And even leave money to invest or enjoy.

Call an IDS Financial Planner today at 1-800-457-4332. Then you’ll 
be sure to have two feet on the ground from the moment you come out
into the rcztl world.

 

l’bnutnnl Flnunclnl l'lannent

