 

 

I arrived well prepared and early to cover
my first Central Council meeting. Nervously
clutching two pens and a large notebook, I
was reaching for the doorknob to CC 375
when I felt a tap on my shoulder. I turned
around and was greeted by Debbie Profeta, an
ASP editorial assistant who I’d never met
before.

“Listen,” she said, “they’re going to try to
kick you out of this meeting. Whatever you
do, don’t let them. It's illegal.”

I turned around and looked at her blankly.
“What should I do when they ask me to
leave?”

“Just stall them until Dean gets here.”

l went inside. The impeachment hearing
frotn which I was to be excluded began almost
immediately. Since Dean was nowhere to be
found I asked for a vote on whether the
meeting should be closed.

Just as the vote ended, in strode Dean Betz,
Editor—ln-Chief of the ASP, who forcefully
informed Council that it was acting in viola-
tion of the Freedom of information and Open
Meetings Law.

Council kicked us out anyway. But Dean
got the last word in his editorial, two days
later. (Although he later acknowledged that
using his editorial to call all of Council “ar-
rogant, ignorant idiots” may have been taking
it a step too far.)

In any case. if this was the world )f college
journalism. I decided to stick around for a
while. It wasn’t always that exciting, but three
and a half years later, I haven‘t gotten tired of
it.

For many of us, the ASP is more than just a
college newspaper. it represents college itself.
This is where we’re learning the skills we’ll
need for our careers. Success here is measured
not by grades but by the quality of our paper.

Our learning process is an unusual one,
because we have only ourselves and a few ASP
alumni as teachers. We've had no editorial or
financial interference from Student Associa-
tion or the administration since we became an
independent corporation in 1977.

It’s the traditions of this paper however,
that hold us together. Our rooms are plastered
with evidence of this. There is graffiti on the
ceiling, absurd bumper stickers on the wall,
and perhaps the most famous ASP tradition
of them all — quotes of the week.

This is the only time that ASPies are en-
couraged to take a quote out of context. Any
unsuspecting ASPie may find his or her words
immortalized on the wall and later recorded in
the infamous Managing Editor's quotebook.

But it’s the tradition that I saw Dean Betz
carrying on at that Council meeting that first
made me want to be editor. A tradition of
protecting this paper’s role as the watchdog of
this campus community. I followed that same
tradition earlier this semester when I went
with Bill Jacob, one of my staff writers, to de-
mand access to a closed meeting. And it’s a
tradition that‘s become part of my life for the
past three and one-half years that I’ve been up
here.

Funny thing about ASP traditions —
they’re hard to leave behind.

 

 /' /; t} j, /~) 
. _, / r . .. , . ,

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

When the Students Against Multiple Sclerosis (SAMS)
called me last July and told me that they had a brand new
program that they wanted me to work with. I was in-
trigued. It was the middle of summer and right after the
world wide Live Aid concerts. I was psyched. I had seen
that millions of 'people had taken a step to abolish
Hunger. People whom had never donated before were
taking a stand to help their fellow man.

[Ann Fucito

While talking to the SAMS people I realized that here
was something I could do-something that all college
students around the nation could do, take charge and
abolish a disease that has no right to exist. I'm talking
about Multiple Sclerosis. What is Multiple Sclerosis? It is
a major neurological disease that affects tha central ner-
vous system of our bodies.

The nervous system acts like an electrical system. The
main message carriers are the nerves, and they are in-
sulated by something called the Myelin Sheath. The
Myelin Sheath has the exact same function as the rubber
insulation around a copper wire . This is what protects the
nerve (or the wire) and allows the "message" to get
through. In the simplest way Multiple Slerosis is a break
in the Myelin Sheath. After the damage is done a harden-
ed forms over the nerve, thusinhibiting its function.
These plagues are called sclerosis and they occur in multi-
ple places along the nerves-hence the name Multiple
Sclerosis.

Multiple Sclerosis is not an old peoples disease. It
mainly strikes people between the ages of 17 to 34. Just
when you are beginning to live, to start careers and the
rest of your life, MS can strike. Over 2 million people
have Multiple Sclerosis and each week 200 new cases are
diagnosed nationwide. MS is not fatal, but it can be
severely disabilitating. People with MS can live out very
long lives with symptoms that can range from numbness
to paralysis to loss of vision, spech and hearing. There is
no known cure for Multiple Sclerosis. 0nly.some side af-
fects of the symptoms can be treated.

Research is‘being done to try and find a cure for this
horrible disease. Research that is funded by donations.
Raising funds for this research is the function of the Na-
tional Multiple Sclerosis Society. Not only do they hold
numerous fund raisers (How many of you participated in
the societies “Read A Thon"?) to raise the money
necessary for the vital research, but they also work with
the MS patients. On the local level the society provides in-
formation. vocational rehabilitation and home care to
MS victims. -

I have said that Multiple Sclerosis has no right to exist.
Although the National MS Society has raised over 76
million dollars toward research, it has had to turn down
millions of dollars of vital research in the past few years.
This is research that scientists are willing to persue, but
the funds are not there. That is why Multiple Sclerosis is
such a crime- no research should have to be turned down.
If the money had been there, we could quite possible be
living in a MS free world today.

While the National Society was trying to figure a way
to raise the needed money, Clifford Goldsmith came up
with an idea. Goldsmith (past president of Philip Morris
Inc. and now Chairman of the National Multiple
Sclerosis Society) said that if the college students of
America knew about a major disease that mainly affected
their age group, they would want to get busy and do
something to stop this disease. Based on his belief.
Goldsmith and a committee of top corporate leaders got
together and created a plan that would not only raise
money but also build a network of concerned and active
young adults.

Many major corporations became involved in the pro-
gram which is now known as Students Against Multiple
Sclerosis. Music Television is one of those corporations.
MTV could not resist becoming a part of this program,
and they have added the icing to the cake. MTV has said
that it will award the university that raises the most

money a concert that will be performed and taped on

 

 

 fights MS

campus and then shown on MTV. Not even MTV could
stop there, they also decided to give the Top Rock Alike a
summer internship at MTV.

Why would a company like MTV get so involved and
so psyched about a fund raiser? Because the Students
Against Multiple Sclerosis program is more than a fund
raiser, it is a movement. A movement that will join col-
lege students around the country together. Together they
will fight to stamp out Multiple Sclerosis.

When the students at Albany State and the 149 other
colleges dress up and lip sinc to the songs of leading Rock
stars. they will be doing it because they want to get involv-
ed. The Rock Alike competition is more than fun it is a
chance for each one of us to do what we can to help find a
cure for MS. The founders of SAMS knew that college
students could not make donations outright, but they
believed that given a chance, they would contribute their
time. talent, knowledge and creativity- not to mention
love for fun~ to get involved and to bust MS.

At this moment the SAMS Program is in the middle of
its first year. Right new letters are being sent at Gover-
nors and officials all over the country to get them to pro-
claim February 1986 as “Bust MS Month”. Governors
Michael Castle of Delaware. Michael Dukakis of
Massachusets and Bob Graham of Florida have already
signed such proclimations. SAMS is a national event with
150 school participating. in 50 states. And.;during
February. the SAMS major functions will happen
simultaneously in 150 different schools.

Think about it. 150 schools in 50 states doing exactly
the same thing at exactly the same time. Talk about
unitedl What does this really mean? What is the SAMS
movement really saying? The truth. That we as college
students can and will be untied to take a stand. We are a
new generation. A generation of people helping people. It
was said that the 1970's was called the "me" generation.
All that has changed. Todays college students are an ex-
ample of a new generation, a generation that can be called
the “US” generation.

The world as a whole has taken a new stand. Think
back to a year ago. A group of British artists created a
record. This record sold all over the world and all of the
proceeds .went to save the people of Africa. Within six
months numerous other countries had also recorded
benefit records and the world was talking about enor-
mous live benifits. The Artists of the world knew that
something had to be done and that they could not do it
alone. Joined together these artists raised millions of
dollars. and today there is a light at the end of Africa's
tunnel.

SAMS too is a symbol of this new activism. It is a sym-
bol to the world that we can do something about our
world. That we can better our lives and the world around
us. No one student at any one university can solve the
problem of Multiple Sclerosis, but all the students in all
the universities can, together, work miracles. You may be
saying to yourself, “sure I want to help, but all I can give
is one dollar-how can that find the cure for MS?" I say to
you that your one dollar could be the dollar that funds the
scientist that ﬁnds the cure. Your one dollar put together

..i all the other one dollars from all the other students
on all ISO campuses comes out to a whole lot of one
dollars.

Imagine. the money raised this year, and in future years
by even more schools, could bring about the end of Multi-
ple Sclerosis! By 1990 we could be living in an MS free
world! When the next generation comes along wont it be
fabulous to say “Well we worked to find the cure and
abolish Multiple Sclerosis. What are you going to do."
With 200 new cases each week you or I could wake up
tomorrow to find that we have Mullple Sclerosis. The
research is out there waiting to be done. Let us join
together and work to find a cure. so that no one else must
go through the agony of living with this disease. Let us
join together with the college students of America and
together we shall all Bust MS.

 

Ann Fucito is SAMS campus chairperson

 

 

 

 

 

m i '1

. ‘ “"7ﬂ 0 ) iki‘l" 17k)

 

Monitoring profs

To the Editor:

As I prepare for my fourth year‘as Vice President of
SUNY Albany College Republicans, I am quite alarmed
about the recent attention focused on my group concem-
ing the issue of monitoring professors.

SUNYA C.R. has enough of a challenge in trying to
deﬁne our role as a Republican organization on this
liberal campus without the stigma of this non-existent
witch hunt. Furthermore, we resent the fact that such at-
tention could be brought to us by an issue put forth by
two individuals with no successful political experience on
this campus. Brian Kelly. quoted in last issue's article on
this subject. is not even a student here, and Bruce
Weinfeld is the self-appointed president of a club he ad-
mitted was “not active" in that same article.

If these two had been aware of our campus’ political
environment, perhaps they would have known about the
formation of a group suited to radical issues such as this
one. This new group is the SUNYA chapter of Young
Americans for Freedom (YAF), which held its premiere
meeting last night on this campus, while C.R. President
Steven Korowitz and I were in Washington.

Accuracy in Academia (AIA) is not a Republican issue
and will not be considered by those of us who have been
leading C.R. for years. SUNYA C.R. is an information
dispensing, educational and political group, (sort of like
NYPIRG) and like NYPIRG. belongs in the college’s
community not in its classrooms. '

I am not a communist, but I am proud to live it. a coun-
try where I can study with and learn from a former am-
bassador from a communist country, and I long for the
day when “they” might permit Jeane Kirkpatrick to
teach in Poland.

Enough of principle and on to academic substance, I

bring to your attention the recent caveat from “the Na-
tional Review": ‘
“If its critiques are well supported and well reasoned,
AIA will be a useful enterprise. Nevertheless, academic
inquiry is not journalism, and the standards by which it is
judged must be far more tolerant of speculation and in-
tellectual risk-taking than the standards by which we
judge a cub reporter."

 

Eolobllltted In 1910
Neldl J. Guile. Editor in Chis]
Dun Chung. Jouptr Funeo, Managing Editors

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
 

News Editor: ............... .. .Alicla Clmbora, James O'Sulilvsn
Aeloeieto New Editor: ...... ..Plrn Conway, Bill Jacob
' Ilene Walnslein
AsPocto FAIIM I Ginsberg
Associate Ashen Editor .......................................................... ..lan Spelling
“um nan... erhnl Eek
am. my" Krl-tln- a...“
‘ ‘ ‘ dllor I‘ll"- MscAdum
8 RT
Edllorlal Pogo- Edl
Minority Ail-Ire Edit . Foul Stewart

   

John Keenan, Senior Editor

Contributing Editor; Dun Bell. David L.L. 'Losldn. Wayne Pocraboom
Editorial Assistants: Karen E. Book, Rachel Braslow. Ken Dumb-urn. Betta
Dumbo. Brande Behaeiler Preview Editor: Plrn Schumann-n Ste" writ-n:
Ollvll Abel. .Ilm Avery. Ftene Bebich, Dave Elelta, Leslie cnelt, Ethan Chuzln,
lan Clemente, Andros Cordon. Mike Dcrmlnsky, Colleen Dellaurler. Scott
Eleonthll, Cathy Errlg. More Fenian, Llndl Greinberg. Llu Jackal, David
Kue. Blscuy Kern, Melissa Knoll. Mark Kobrlnsky, Corey Levitan, Caryn
Milka, Steve Hoops, Lisa Rluolo, Peter Sands, Marla Suntacroce. Dlvld
bplldlng. Karen Sehlemy. Rink Swanson, Michael 8kclnlek, Jim Thompson,
Angellna Wang. Evan Welssrnon. Frank Yunlter

Margie Rooenthcl. Business Manager
Btuphenle Bchonoul, Associate Buslnou Manger
Mauro Keltett. Joell Mldlerolty. Advertising Monsoon
Dun Finisher. Bales Men-g"

Illllnn Are“: any”,
=allele Cassette

rs Balms, Tracie Paul
in.“ .. . . . m .

 

Advertising Batu: Kenn Amster. Frank Colo, Cammy Dlvlngllo. Drew Fung.
Rich tht. Michelle Flt-ll. Danna Bohmlbcr Advertlolng Production: Greg
Behrendt. Betsy acrreltl, Eileen Chen. Alyu Mnrgolln. Annette Mueller. Bath
Porno, Erlc Roth. Mlohul Bohlliro. Porn Shapiro, Roxanne Trcmhlcy Otiico
III": Llu Elohler, Junnllcr Chlcllou

atcnn Fisherty. Heather seminar Associate Production Managers

Chi-l  ............................... ...lunnlne Dtuluuo
Typistl: Llurl Balms, Llndl Chloe-tor, Bel D‘Amslo, Junnlne Fclgenbuurn.
Grace Flood. Tracie Poul. tnge Bedlouity, Pun Blraubor Poole-up: chrll Col-
eman, Nancy Croman. E. Phillip Hoover, Todd Lebc, Amy Bilbcr. D. Darrel
stat, M.D. Thompson cheuilcur. Jim Lolly

Photography principally supplied by univerllly Photo Borvioc. I student

gmi'hotogmphln Kenny Kirsch UPI Stall: Michael Ackermon, Bhlrl Albert.
Myrna Bravo, John Curry, Lynn Dreiluu. chuck Gin-berg. Ezra Mlurer. Mark
MldilVllll, Lin Blmrncno, Linnu apcrllng, Erica snlcgcl, Tonya Steele. Cathy
Btrcud. Howard Tygar. Mark Vaclreiii

Entire contents copyright 1m Albany lludcnt Prou Corporation, all right.
mowed

The Albany Student Plan to published Tuesdays and Fridays belwun
August and June by the Albany student Prue Corporation, on Independent
not-lot-proiit oorpotlllon.

Editorials on written by the Editor in Chlel with members ol the Edltorlal
Board; policy is subject to review by the Editorial Board. Advertising policy
does not necessarily rolleol editorial policy.

Mailing address:
Albany Bludunt Prru, GO 329
1400 Washington Ave.
Albany, NY 1222!

(all) “1600601000168”

 

 

I believe the students here at SUNYA would be astute
enough to detect a gross political slant in a professor’s
lecture and not allow themselves to be brainwashed. Any

supposed "slant" that was not obvious enough to be so'

detected would thereby fall within the“ "tolerant" starr-
dard eluded to be The National Review. So just-who
would Weinfeld and Kelly go after? It is not those who
generate ideas who should be monitored but those who
seek to supress them.

We are glad that Weinfeld has accepted the post of ex-
ecutive assistant to Kelly. As he goes off to a safe political
turf among people who might agree with all his view-
points and actions, SUNY C.R. looks forward to working
here on campus to continue to meet the political challenge
of a real community. C.R., Steven and I wish everyone
here at SUN YA a joyous and tolerant holiday season.

— Jarret Klelmrrn
Vice President SUNYA College Republicans

Ice the snowman

To the Editor:

As an informed student at SUNY Albany. and as a pro-
ud member fo the moral community at large, I wish to
take this opportunity to protest the airing of the
children’s holiday Christmas Special entitled Frosty The
Snowman, shown on Dec. 7, (Our national holiday. Pearl
Harbor Day). Because I am patriotic by nature, foremost
in my mind as I watched this atrocity were the interests of
our nation‘s youth. Paradoxically it is with both passion
and humility that I entreat the socially aware to consider
these facts which I noted whilst viewing the program:

I. The plot is so absurd as to be termed outlandish by
the most conservative of judges. It is ridiculous that an
ordinary snowman should spring to life simply by the
placement of a tophat on it’s head. To delude our youth
with fantasy such as this is to teach them to be romantics
in a world of reality and is thus unconsionable.

2. Throughout the program, characters ‘ display
unabashed disregard of the law of our land.

A. Karen and Hocus (2 of the main characters) are ac-
complices to the crime of stealing the Prof. Hindley’s
magic hat. (Because of his unjust portrayal as a greedy
imbecile, children fail to identify him as the victim he is.
The magic hat is this man's livelihood.)

B. Frosty and Karen break the law by stowing away in a
freight train to the North Pole. In a capitalist society. the
honest citizen pays for services rendered; an equal and
just exchange for both'trader and trader: if you will.

C: Frosty and Karen stand accu's'éd of 'b're‘aking and enter-
ing a private greenhouse. Moreover. by melting, Frosty
most probably damaged the floor and walls of the
building.

Ironically, it is l more than Frosty who is steamed. in
fact fuming at the seduction scene wherein Frosty enters
the greenhouse with the alleged innocent, Karen. Sexual
overtones are more than apparent in Frosty’s comments:
“Lets go in. it will be all warm and snuggly".“Gee, its
getting hot in here", and “Mabye I'll make a splash in the
world". (With whom I ask?)

Certainly I am not fanatical in these observations for
they are fact. Prudence demands that you draw your con-
clusions if you can, dear reader. And if you can, you must
join in the crusade to restore moral rightousness to these
United States of America.

— Mary Elissa Furlong
Social Crusader for the Restoration of Orderly and
Genteel Ethics (S. C.R.0.0.G.E. )

UAS defended

To the Editor:

As executive members of the UAS Board of Directors
we were disappointed by the lack of Jourallstic respon-
sibility that was apparent in the December 6th edition of
the ASP. This letter will not only correct many of the in-
accuracies. but also will furnish our readers with missing
facts that were overlooked by both Mr. Clement and your
Editorial Staff.

Inherent in the organizational structure of every cor.
poration. are certain guidelines and procedures that must

be followed. In the case of UAS, a hasty economic deci-

sion could hamper the ability to promote and develp its
corporate responsibilities and obligation to the university
community.

Since its inception. UAS has proven its sensitivity to
minority issues. For example, in the past budget year we
have contributed to the programming of may events.
Hundreds of minority students who otherwise would not
be able to view the campus were transported from the
New York City area and given the opportunity to visit
SUNYA. That was UAS. Did you participate in the
Dance Marathon which supported minority charities?
That was UAS. Who contributed $1,800 to Martin Luther
King Day? That was UAS. These are only a few examples
of the thousands of dollars UAS wholeheartedly gave in
the support of minority interests.

We realize that the Issue of divestment in South Africa
is a highly emotional one. We zealously support
Divestiture and we'are aware of the gross violation of
human rights that Is apparent in South Africa. As student

leaders and members of the UAS Board of Directors, it
was not the emotional issue which prevented us from tak-
ing action. but rather the bureaucratic protocol that
governs the activities of the corporation. The question
was not if UAS was going to dives}, but it was how and in
what manner. Through a series'of informal meetings
which the ASP was unaware of through their “one-
source" reporting. we discussed the alternatives available
to us. Action on this issue has been delayed because we
are still awaiting information we wrote away for on South
African free funds. Not until we are fully informed of our
options can we responsibly present them to the board
members. If a careless decision was rendered about our
investments, serious repercusions could inhibit the future
services provided by UAS.

UAS relies almost entirely on the interest provided by
our investments to repair, replace, and improve campus
facilities of all types. For example, over the last two years
both Colonial and Dutch Quads have been remodeled
from the monies generated by this investment. In addi-
tion, the vending services also are dependent on the in-
terest to correct malfunctions. We have already begun
plans for the renovations of State Quad and Campus
Center Cafeteria. Without a prudent decision UAS would
be unable to provide one of its main objecties--to satisfy
the demanding needs of the students, UAS's most impor-
tant customer.

It will please our reader to know that we do not own
“stock” directly in South Africa. but rather it is an in-
direct investment by banking portfolio managers who
reinvestment our money using their own discretion and
additionally we are trying to remedy even this remote in-
volvement. In the future, when an issue of parallel impor-
tance arises, we would appreciate the consideration due to
us as majority members of the board. When investigation
the investments of UAS, according to Norbert Zahm, the
ASP failed to mention that the article in question was to
be written about “our” South African investments. If the
proper channels of communication were utilized many of
the inaccuracies and missing facts would have been
mentioned.

Through the complex path of investigative reporting
with allits twists and turns, the ASP has failed to ac-
curately exemplify UAS’s position on South Africa.

— Daniel Altman

Chair, UAS Board of Directors

— David Light

President. UAS Board of Directors

RZA revisited

To the Editor:

I would like to respond to the letter of Robin '. 'loff
printed in the October 18 issue of the ASP.

Robin Berloff is the President of the Revisionist Zionist
Alternative. In her letter, she said that. “To be truly safe
Jews must be guaranteed a homeland to protect their
rights and lives.” This is ridiculous. 0f the more than
l00 million Jews, only 3 or 4 percent choose to live in
Israel. It is obvious that most Jews do not agree with Ms.
Berloff.

She also said that “Zionism is when Israel airlifted
10,000 Ethopian Jews from starvatidn and discrimination
and continues efforts to 'aid 7,000 still in Ethopia." It
should be remembered that Israel was very reluctant to
take the Jews from Ethopia. It wsa only after con-
siderable pressure in the USA and Israel that Israel took
them. One of the reasons Israel did not want to take the
Ethopian Jews was because they are black. Some Zionists
even debated whether the Ethopian Jews were really
Jewish.

Robin Berloff also said that “Zionism on the other
hand is not set into action by the persecution of an inno-
cent people.” This is a lie. Zionism means that hundreds
of thousands of Palestinians are second or third class
citizens in what is now Israel. Zionism is the shutting
down of Arab schools on the West Bank, the bulldozing
of Arab houses throughout Palestine, and the slaughter
of 15.000 people in Lebanon during the I982 war.

If Zionism is not racism, then why do so many Zionists
have such a violent uncompromising hatred of
Palestinians?

Ms. Berlof f concluded her letter by saying. “Check the
facts; learn the truth." Robin Berloff should practice
what she preaches.

— Thomas Ellis

Editor's Note: According to the 1984 World Almanac,
the Jewish population is listed at approximately
[5,000,000.

 

This is the last issue of the
semester. Our next issue will
be on January 28.

 

 

 

1...

Jr

 

