 

.t......
uIlllAv\‘
t...
.t.r

t.. -\l\'

4 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS D Fkibhi'. Maitéit b,"'rétl3“i , ._. . _ H  .  . 

Alumni House worker brings traditionstoljliiéI

By Donna quuori

Deep within a closet at Alumni
House. a piece of history sits pa-
tiently. it has been alive for 101
years but the cream lace and 13
covered buttons show no sign of
age. it is a dress worn by former
Dean of Women Anna Pierce
w h e n s h e
graduated from
the New York
State Normal

Friday
sch oi in 1884. Frame
rlene Ecker-

son '85 donned the dress last May
during the Half Century Club
Brunch at Alumni Weekend 1984
and claimed it was if she had step-
ped through time. Her classic
features, authentic shoes and a
bustle borrowed from the Theatre
department completed the outﬁt.

A former workstudy student in
the Office of Alumni Affiars,
Eckerson experienced first-hand
the importance of Albany alumni
involvement and achievements.
To demonstrate her strong com-
mittment to the alumni program,
Eckerson became the first
Undergraduate Life Member of
the Alumni Association.

Her enthusiasm is apparent in
her philosophy. "it’s important
to support the tradition of the
University, and by becoming an
undergraduate life member, i feel
i’m keeping the spirit alive and
contributing in an individual way
in a place where individualism
seems to be lost because of the
size of the campus. i lucked out
when i first came here because the
people i first met were in Psi
Garrima and made me feel at
home,” she said.

Eckerson is described. by her
former co-workers as a “real per-
sonality" with a very optimistic
outlook. Her success and
perseverence are most evident in
her academic achievements and
her dedication as a student
teacher of eighth grade English at
Scotia-Glenville Junior High.
“Eighth grade is a difficult
time," Eckerson explained.
“They're ‘ all going through
adolescence and are a bit
psychotic. They’ll love you one
day and the next day they don't
like you," she said.

“The seven weeks i taught i got
to know the kids and their pro-
blems both emotionally and
academically. You get a feel for
them." she said.

Eckerson is also politically ac-
tive and supported Gary Hart in
Albany. When Hart was unsuc-
cessful in getting the Democratic
nomination, she focused her at-
tention on Walter Mondale and
joined the Democratic
committee.

Eckerson's on campus activities
included being a member of
Dutch Quad Board and working
on a Student Association Com~
mittee. She stressed that “the
education in Albany is fantastic,
but it gets annoying with the lee-
ture center system because there
are so many people."

Eckerson has decided on
graduate school and hopes to
eventually teach English as a se-
cond language. “i tend to be real-
ly quiet. but i know through
teaching that i‘ve got to be more
dynamic and aggressive," she

 

 

 

 

said.

Stressing the importance of her
proposed field of study, Eckerson
asserted, “it‘s a relatively new
ﬁeld and it doesn't really have a
set teaching pattern. On the East
Coast there’s really not many
people that need to be taught
English as a second language so
it’s easier to relate to each student
as an individual."

Eckerson has also completed

 

Arlene Eckerson, class of ‘85, left.

courses in French, italian,
Spanish and German.
Eckerson possesses qualities
demonstrated in an earlier era by
Dean Anna Pierce. When women
were expected to keep a low pro-
file, Dean Anna took many in-
itiatives in education for women
and student social life. Because of
her sincere interest and involve-
ment in student interests, Anna
Pierce was proclaimed by

 

ALUMNI HOUSE

students as dean of women in, '

[909. She was not officially
recognized until 1924.

In wearing Dean Anna Pierce’s
dress, Eckerson has kept a per-
sonality alive. She is following in
the footsteps of a woman who
was not afraid to be a profes-
sional in a time when women
stood in the shadows.

Parts of this article have been
printed in AlumNews. ‘ '

 

 

  

SUN YA Irish Club
invites you to

The 4th ﬁnnuol
Pro-St. Patrick's

 

- :iday, March 8th
' - - 9:00 pm

 

 

 

$3.00 w/tax card
$4.00 W/out card

music provided by

“The Uaﬂsﬁu @Qﬂiﬁ’"
- CC Ballroom -

Tickets on sale in CC Lobby

Door Prizes
Sponsored by

SA Funded   

  

 

 

 

 

 

ICE HOCKEY '

Goolothon Game
' SGT. MERCH 9th at 5pm

 

 

G‘J‘ﬂbomy

us.
Use @ﬂuee
Bil.i7.@.@.

 

 

Bus leaving the Circle at 4:15 7 $1.00
Admittance to the game

All Proceeds Go to
“Telethon” ,

Directions: Fuller Rd.. left on to Control
ﬂve.(Rt.5): Go approx. 20 minutes. Center City
ltE Rink. across from Proctors.

$1.00

‘ r 'By Doug Tuttle

A letter writing campaign
targeted-at'members of the New
York delegation to Congress to
protest President Reagan's'pro-
posed budget cuts in financial aid
to students has been planned for
the week of March to, Student
Action Committee ,Chair Ste've
Gawley said atﬂa Financial Aid
Teach-in held Tuesday night.

According. to Eric Bowman. a
SUNYA delegate to the United
States Student Association
(USSA) Board of Directoi's. the
proposed cuts include reducing
overall aid by $2.3 billion, which
represents a 27 percent cut; deny-

ing Guaranteed Student Loans to'

all students with family incomes

over $32,000: eliminating Pell
Grants, Work Study and NDSL
loans to all students with family
incomes over $25,000; denying in-
dependent status to all students
under twenty-two years of age;
and imposing a $4,000 cap on
total annuai'aid to any one
student.

“These .cuts would eliminate

‘ one-third of all students receiving

aid," ,Bowman‘ said. _
' Student Association of the
State University Vice President
Tom Swan said that ‘cuts in ﬁnan-
cial aid would leave some students
with no alternative other than to
enlist in the armed services. “This
is the implementation of a draft
.,based on need," Swan said.

ﬁgs-Raga 1;, MARCH 3, 1945. D ,- ALBANY STUDENT-PRESS .5 v .

 proposed aid cuts draw campus ire

"Something is wrong with the promise will result."

priorities of our country if we
allow this to happen." _
“Opposing this should be our
top priority this year," Swan
added. ‘
"The Reagan Administration is

Whitlock stressed the impor-

tance of the letter writing cam-
paign. Nothing gets us more im-
pact than writing to Congress.”
he said.

“Letter writing is our most ef-

'setting arbitrary cut-offs to solve fective tool.” said Philip Bot-

budget problems. The principle to winik. vice chair of the Student

ﬁght for is the concept of need
analysis." Donald Whitlock.

Action Legislative Subcommittee.
“if we get enough letters, we can

directbr of the Financial Aid at really effect change."

SUNYA, said. explaining that

“Letters are the key." Gawley

variables such as family size and agreed, adding that “a goal of

number of children in college one
reasonable."

should be considered. _
“The proposal has something

thousand letters is

“Certainly these Cuts aren’t go-

in it to offend everyone." he said. ing through if we put up enough
"it's highly unlikely it will pass. of a ﬁght." said Mike Miller,
but we can't be sure what com- chair of the Academic Affairs

 

‘» ‘ New Haven, Conn.
- (AP) An editorial scheduled to be published

 

‘lvfy League" papers protestzcuts

private universities, as well as students who were
poor or were members of minorities.

Committee of Central Council.
“This is the only issue i’ve ever
,scen where the entire academic
community is united," he said,
noting that “undergraduate and
graduate students. faculty and ad-

ministration, as well as public and
private schools are all working
together" in opposition to the
President's budget proposals.

Whitlock said that if the pro-
posed cuts were accepted by Con-
gress. it would cost hundreds of
students at SUNYA “over three
million dollars in aid."

“if these proposals pass. access
to SUNY-Albany will be cut two
ways,”‘ Miller said. "First,
students won't be able to afford it
and, second. financial refugees
from the top private schools will
be taking up places here."

The proposals, if passed, would
represent “a fundamental restruc-
turing of America for the next
generation," asserted Gawley.

Barry Rothehiid, a junior and
one of only four students who at-
tended the meeting, said, “it’s go-
ing to affect me greatly if these
cuts go through. Without grants it

 

 

 

 
 

    
   
  
  
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
  
     
  
   
  
 

Thursday in the Yale Daily News and five other
ivy League student newspapers sharply criticized
the Reagan administration's proposed cuts in

} federal student aid. .
The editorial, a .joint statement by the
newspapers of all eight ivy League colleges, was
to appear at Yale, Harvard, Princeton, Brown,
> Columbia and Cornell. it is scheduled to appear
at Dartmouth and the University of Penn-
sylvania. in two weeks when those schools return
from spring vacation.
“The cuts in federal student aid proposed by
the Reagan administration are a short-sighted
and dangerous assault on the equality of oppor-
tunity in higher education," the editorial said. it
charged that the cuts would make higher educa-
tion “the exclusive privilege of :the wealthy."
The editorial labeled as “insensiti ve and un-
just" proposals to restrict eligibility for
Guaranteed Student Loans to students whose
families earn less than $32,000 a year and to im- -
r pose similar restrictions on several other student
loans and grants. ,

it also suggested that a proposed $4.000 c ap
peri'studentr‘on‘totai federgl aid and subsidized
loans: would .dlsproportldnately hurt students at

 

By J. Michael ‘Malec
STAFF WRITER

On Tuesday afternoon the corridors of the Lecture
Center were filled with the smells of exotic food, the
strains of foreign music, but not many people. The event
was the Ethnic Block Party, a part of the World Week
program.

 

 

. Group display at World Week
Etlmlc Block Party attracted few attendants

 

What cw-mnhWW-"L‘J'I’V ‘ar‘rw' .‘r W»

 

um”...  yth-t-  

“For the ivy League in particular, the cuts
make it more difﬁcult to maintain need-blind ad-
mission and to meet full ﬁnancial need once ad-
mitted." the editorial said.

The editorial stated that the cuts would dsave
only $2.3 billion out of a projected deﬁcit of
nearly $200 billion,-and concluded tghat they
“would undermine both the intellectual ability
and the economic productivity of America over
the long run, while saving a relatively insigniifi-
cant sum." ‘

Yale Daily News Editor Crockcr Coulson,
who drafted the editorial and submitted it to the
other newspapers for modiﬁcations and ap-
proval, Said that he found it very easy to reach a
consensus.

The ivy League newspapers printed a joint
editorial two years ago to protest the Reagan Ad-
ministration's Central American policy.

"We want‘to mobilize studentgs and anyone
else who reads the editorial on a very important
and immediate issue,” Coulson said.

The Yale Daily News has a circulation of about
3,000. the HarvardCrimson has a circulation of
about 4,000. Circulation ﬁgures of the other ivy
League newspapers asre slightly lower. D

 
    
   

 

 

World Week Co-chair Japhet Zwana, of Minority Stu-
dent Services, felt the party got off to a slow start. “i was
there for the start, but had to leave for a time. When i
returned about one o'clock, it seemed to me there weren't
as many people as last year," he added.

The largest crowd was at lunch time. when many
students sampled the indian Tandori Chicken, lsraeli

., ‘1 ..- > r.

   

  

lDonaid Whitlock, Director of Financial Aid
l Proposed aid cuts topic of Teach-In

  Block pa'rtyfs exotic fare draws sparse crowd

would make it tough.”

it

    

IO! NANSMANN UPS

Falafel. German Bratwurst. Korean Bulgogi, and italian
Cannoli, which were only some of the various foods
available. After lunch. the crowd thinned noticeably.

The wide variety of food may have been a mistake, ac-
cording to Zwana. “There was too much concentration
on food, and not enough on artifacts and culture. Also
last year there was more music and dancing.” he said.

Ph.D candidate Frank Lofaro said the event was im—
portant because it gave a glimpse of other cultures. "The
food is tasty, i'vr had things i’ve never had before,” he
said. The Block Party was too spread out, however. said
Lofaro. “if it were more localized, it would enhance the
diversity," he said. by making differences more apparent.

Two Bio-psychology grad students who declined to be
identified said that it was good that the University puts
the program on, and that it was a good chance for the
foreign groups on campus to gain visibility. They said
that they had come to the Lecture Center specifically for
the events

World Week Co-chair Barbara SchoonmakerI of the
Student Affairs division, noted that there are more than
700 foreign students at SUNYA. These students seemed
very glad to show their own cultures. and learn about
others. she said.

Weng Tat Chung. an ethnic Chinese and Malasian na-
tional said, “this is a very great chance to look at other
cultures. it would cost too much to travel to all these
countries."

Henry Elonge, of Cameroon added, "this is the one
time a year we get to show the community the variety it
has. it also boosts our egos since we feel part of the
University by contributing.”

World Week Committee member and Student Associa-
tion President Rich Schaf fer described the week-long pro-
gram as unique. “No other SUNY campus has anything
like it. it's a celebration of our multi-cuitural nature. it
brings groups together for better understanding," he
said. \ JD

  

