 

 

10 Aspects on Tuesday,

 

_ January .29, 1985 '

 

‘ Conversations on Fng '

 

From the ghost Of 2010 -‘

Interview by Ian Spelling

A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away
there was a young actor named Keir
Dullea. A visionary director named
Stanley Kubrick tapped Dullea to play a
pro-Luke Skywalkcr astronaut.

The rest is history. Kubrick's 1968 2001
— A Space Odyssey went on to become a
pop culture classic. Dullea’s star couldn't
rise any higher. it didn’t. For all intensive
purpOSes his film career had reached a self-
imposed peak. The next conquest would
be Broadway, as he scored a major hit with
the 1969 production of Butterflies are Free.

By 1970 Dullea tired of the fast lane. He
voluntarily dropped from sight until he
returned to Broadway in 1974. However,
since the successful run of Cat on a Hot Tin
Roof, Dullea has been out of the spotlight.
Until 2010 that is. The actor plays David
Bowman in what must be called a strategic
cameo. in a telephone interview from his
Connecticut home Dullea expressed enjoy-
ment at being the center of attention once
again. But it was quite clear he preferred
the relative anonymity in which he has liv-

 

_ is that you work~for a miniscule audience.

When you are in a big film or~a television
series it's a whole different experience
because the exposure is so different. The
exposure is completely different, but the
actual subjective thing for most actors is ex-
actly the same. So, although it seems i’ve
been long gone to those who are in the
part of the country that wouldn't be able to
get to see me in a summer stock theater, or
off-Broadway, or don't have cable. l have
done a lot of films that have only been
distributed theatrically abroad. They’ve
only appeared on cable in this country.
What i am trying‘to say is we been active
in things, so it doesn't feel like coming
back. it just feels like doing something
different.

ASP.- Okay, but you have been away
for a while. .

Dullea: l dropped out in 1970, literally,
using the vernacular of the 60's, and
became an aging hippie. i started pursuing
an acting career again in 1974 and came
back in a very big Broadway hit which was
a revival of Tennesee William's Cat on a
Hot Tin Roof. That really brought me

 

The fewest chances are taken on television,
the greatest chances are taken off-
Broadway, or offsoff-Broadway, or in
regional theater. The greatest risks and
chances of all are taken in workshops such
as ours because no one can fire you, no one

can give you a bad review. We don't allow.

the public in. it's a membership only thing.
That means it’s a peer group. We are very
rough on each other. That is how we get to
try out things: we don’t get to do
professionaly.

if an actor is typecast and all he gets to
do is play heavies,‘this is 'a place in which
he can do comedy. Directors get typecast
too, by the way, it isn’t just actors. Direc-
tors get known in the business as comedy
directors, for instance. They can come here
and work on Shakespeare. Writers even
get typecast. They get known as sitcom
writers or soapopera writers. They cah
come here and write a play with social
significance.

ASP: Let's hit 2010 for a while. Did you
have any problem convincing Peter Hyams
to let you return?

Dullea: it wasn't a matter of convincing

 

"If you have an
ant farm, or a cat
or a dog; maybe
from their point

of View. We are
gods. We’re not. ..
We know we are

not, but maybe
they think we
are.”
——Keir Dullea

 

ed in recent years. in other words, celebri-
ty is a nice place to visit but he wouldn't
want to live there.

ASP: How does it feel to be back on the
big screen?

Dullea: So much of that is in the eye of
the beholder because We been involved in
other activities. You know, i have been do-
ing other films all these years. it's just that i
haven't done one that has attracted "that"
kind of attention. We also been doing a lot
of theater. What is nice is to be back in
something that gets that kind of attention.

ASP.- How did it feel to be back on the
Discovery set after 18 years?

Dulleai That was a remarkable ex~
perience because it was like deja vu to look
at the Set. it's really an example of movie
magic, the fact that they could do that with
no blue prints in existence, that they could
reproduce two of the sets identically so
that i couldn't tell the difference.

ASP: is this Keir Dullea’s comeback on
stage or on screen to acting?

Dullea: Being in front of the movie
cameras is the same whether it is a movie
for TV or a low budget movie which ends
up only distributed on cable in this coun-
try, or whether it is a big MGM film like
2010. Subjectively, the experience isn’t
that different. Acting is acting.

The thing about working in the theater

 

 

 

back. i had a much lower profile because
this is a very fickle business. The film
business is much more fickle than the
theater. Out of sight out of mind. At this
point I really had no film career, but i did
not stop functioning as an actor. I just
wasn't functioning on quite the same level
that i had when l dropped out in 1970.

ASP: What is Keir Duliea up to now?
Dullea: My wife, Susie, and i have begun a
kind of equivalent to the Actor's Studio. It
was the workshop to get national pro-
minence because of people such as james
Dean, Marlon Brando. Paul Newman; you
can go on and on._Lee Strasberg was sort of
the guru. We have started Connecticut‘s
first equivalent of that which is a profes-
sional gymnasium for (actors), it’s not a
school. it‘s for people who are already in
the profession. it’s  like for the offseason
athlete who goes off and keeps his muscles
in trim. That what this is for us. Connec-
ticut attracts a lot of professionals because
it is commuting distance from NY.

ASP: So, it's a case of back to basics?

Dulles: Yeah. it's a place to take risks.
it’s o.k. to fail. That’s what we were set up
for. Only out of the manure of failure can
the plant of success grow. in the commen
clal world people don’t tend to take so
much risk because there is so much money
riding on it. You play it closer to the bone.

 

him. it was convincing myself that there
was really*anything there for me. i didn’t
pursue it. When i heard they were doing
the movie i didn’t think twice about it. i
had read the book. The character is a
disembodied splrit. You could phone that
in.

it wasn‘t until i was out on the coast and
someone said, "Did you hear?" I knew
MGM had ,bought the property. Peter
Hyams hadn’t been set. Later on, when he
was set, i said "Well, l'm here anyway.
Maybe ill just give him a'ring." Maybe he
is going to do something more with the
role than thebook did. We had never met.
i just called him up directly at the studio
and left-a message. i told him i'd only be
there a week and if he had any interest in
meeting me, call me back. He did, i told
him just what i told you. "First of all,” he
said. “who else could i get? Secondly, i am
not only the director, I am the producer
and cinematographer."i had a firm offer in
two days. There was really no convincing
about it.

ASP: i‘d have to call your appearance
one of the most important cameos to come
along in a long time.

Dulles: It's the best entrance l've ever
had in a film. It kind of sets the audiences
up and you don't know when he's going to
arrive. it's like a play with three acts and

 

they talk about this character all through
the first two acts. it certainly raises the ex-
pectations of the audience. '

ASP.t Did Kubrick really know what he
was creating while making 2001?

Dullea: i think he knew what he was
creating in terms of what was going to be
on the screen. i don't think anyone ever
knows what they have done is going to be
a cultural phenomenon. - , _

ASP.- l am talking basica‘lly. Hyams pick-
ed up the loose ends. It was his own pic-
ture. Do you- like his finaljproduct'l

Dullea: l was very relieved. What i liked
most about it was that he didn’t try to im-
itate the first film atall. He found his own
style. Given the fact that one was inspired
by the offer you couldn‘t find any two
films more dissimilar in filmic style.

You could fit all the dialogue of the first
film onto, one page. it was a visual,
enigmatic experience. 2010 was really a
child of the 80’s. 2.001 was a child of the
60's. it‘s (2010) fast paced, the other was
slow paced in terms of editing style. The
lighting styles were different. This one has
a far more linear plot, it’s more plot
oriented. The first one left you much more
up in the air, left much more to the im-
agination. Not that 2010 answered all the
questions. it didn’t. People could still come
away from the second film wondering
what the monolith is. But 2010 certainly
answered a lot of the questions.

ASP.- How do you think Kubrick feels
about 2010? .‘

Dulles: l have no idea whether he’s even
seen it. Peter Hyams told me that Kubrick
said, “Do not be in awe of the first film.
Make your own film." i think. he was suc-
cessful in doing that. For all the reasons We
already given you he made a Peter Hyams
film. not a Stanley Kubrick film. .

ASP.- in 2010 you tell HAL .‘fYou’ll;be
wher 1'” be" .Wheref Arsyouiustuam
Bewmsnavsedt 2  it. .   '1
’ 'Dullearl make mylow-ndecision about
something. That doesn’t mgkeme-rightait
justmakes it my own opinion. it’s actually
no different than what i thought happened
at the end to the character in the/first
movie. And what happened there, as far as
i am concerned, was that he was absorbed

. somehow into the general mass of what we

call the extra-terrestrial presence. if you
have an ant farm. or a cat or a dog; maybe
from their point of view we are gods.
We're not. We know we are not, but
maybe they think we are. So. it's kind of a
moot point. i suppose, in an evolutionary
sense, any being that is not thousands, but
millions of years in advance of ourselves
would probably have the power, of what
would seem to us, as being god-like. Again,
both films at least left that aspect up to our
imagination. Neither film shows you an
extra-terrestrial being, only their presence,
which allows your imagination to take off.

On a mundane level i though these-sub-
jectively god-like, not objectively god-like,
absorbed by character and he wasrsym-
bolically reborn as- that child, that fetus,
which you see at the end of the first film
and see again briefly in the ,second film. l
don't know about a god. Certainly the
character i played functioned as a mouth
piece for the extra-terrestrial, in a sense.

ASP.- ln conclusion, is Keir Dullea look--,
ing to be a household name once again? is)
he looking for a big project?

Dulles: Well ‘my wife and l actual ’ln-
itiate our own projects as often as M! can.
Just like the workshop. i really don’t live
my life like l used to. Actors wait for the
phone to ring a lot. i don’t do that
anymore. i don't even have an agent. I
haven’t had an agent. oh' for, well, long
before 2010. l initiate all, my own projects.
That’s why i called Peter Hyams directly. i
didn’t do it through an agent. i don’t live
my life like the average actor. i don’t call
my agent once a Week to find out what’s
happening. i don't read Variety. Big or
small, I don’t live my life waiting for
somebody else to come up with
something. i take total responsibility for
my life now. D

' "" ‘ " "" ‘ . a E . . . . _ ~ u _ — w u _ N . . . . . _ . . _ . . _ _ _ . . . _ . . . . .-... . . . . . . _ a . . . . _ . . . _ -.... . . a a . -—.,.-.... . . . . — . _ ......~

   

 

 

 

 

.. - mil“;

i
l
i
l

 

 

 291419.83 “

 

 

Trivial Pursuit Question: Which band
that recently visited Albany's "Puttin’ on r
the Ritz” had this to say about their musical
inﬂuences: "Early 70's glam rock crap. Real
meathead' stuff." Answer: The

"Replac'einents (Bassist Tommy Stinson),

Didn’t get a pie, ay'l Roll again.

Michelle Krellﬂ I , .

 

' The-Replacements, 'a""grou‘p of‘h/iin- ’
neap'olis, musicians who’ve been together j -
since late 1979; began their career as The f '
"lmpediments' when they. showed ’up“ for; -_
aha: tint 3133M: 'a‘ghalfwa'y house'for‘
 ' alcohollts,  drunk." Paul _.WeSterberg H
~ U (guitar/vocals), -Bobi5tinson (leadfguita’r), ”
. and drummer Chris Marswere thrown out
_ j..before:‘they_ could‘think about striking up '
‘ the band. Bob’s brother Tommy, then 12,

didn't show up bass in hand that day. He

'- 'féll'o'ut are tree are brokehis'arm. Lucky‘ '. 

for him.‘ ‘ ' r
The people in charge at the halfway
house had it in for the band so they 'chang-
cd their name and A became "The
Replacements”. Quick thinking. Good
thing they didn’t have to name a 'baby.
' Asj'The Replacements” they played and
drank and drank ‘and played until they
came out with the 7-inch single of “l’m in
Trouble” b/w "if Only You Were Lonely"
in September elf 1981. Twin/T one Records,
an independerit Minneapolis based record
company, chanced their way through an
album) an EP. and two more singles until
The. Replacements carved visible vinyl on
.an album entitled Hoatenanny. it made
more than justa little noise‘ and was labeled
one of 1983's ten best independent albums
byseveral major papers, includlng The Los

- Angelesﬁmes and The Village‘Voice..r

.:The Replacements Ia

Let-it
thev‘b'a ‘ j l _
Tommy Stinson Let It Be‘.lias,.been_‘doing -
better. than Hootenanriy,. "Wesoid’quite a._

 LP, is

   

V _ bit more on this record, like more"than .

db‘uble."'The Replacements even got a lit-
tle I help from Athens “Georgia, delight ,
R.E.M.' on the album‘s pick single “1 Will

'. Dare." The tWang of R.E.M. guitarist Peter

Buck is a sincere statement of support for
the band. "We toured with R.E.M. for
seven or eight dates," recalis'Stinson.
"They liked us and we like R.E.M. and:
stuff. Peter’s appearance wasn't planned, it
just happened." 5

I REM. aren’t the only flag wavers for
The Replacements. X is also marking the
spot for the »Minneapolis foursome. John
Doe and Exene requested that the band
tour with them and that‘request was

A granted with performances in October as
', part of X's 1984 tour.

Touring can be toughwhen you’re try-
ing to make it', but now the band sleeps in
cheap motels and is close to breaking even.
"We’re doing-well on'the East Coast, ‘the
West Coast, places like Ann Arbor,
Boston. We don't do very well Mid«West

‘ wise. We do well mainly in the severe

places,” says Stinson. . . . s -
So ,what make The Replacements so

original? in their early days they coined a '

new genre, "power trash,f' which‘is neo-
metal new wav'ed up‘without pretension.

 

'1 bouncing baby, According to .

 

 

“I _ Sﬁﬁ'ﬁomic

 
 

INT‘

 

       

Give The Replacements The DeFranco“

Family's "A Heartbeat is a Lovebeat" and

watch innocence take a walk on the wild.

side between beer slugs.

is that, all? .Frankly, no.. The really
Wonderful thing about the'band is that
they really don‘t'care what people think of
them'tno egoala balloon). Their ap-
pearance at Puttin‘ on the; Ritz this past

r December was'a ‘looney‘outburst- of spon-
taneous: combustion, ' something the: band .

.can't‘seer'n". tohelp‘. Some. people; in life au-

-dience. took it as afonn'pfregression, but .
I you tell me'rwhe'n was the last time you 'r

got to sing and dance on.' stage with a live
>and7'..-   -

. ' Perhaps theywere 
inent ‘ flashbacks,- -back;toe.the days when

Westerburg was hiding in the bushesinear

the house as he listened to the band put ‘

Aerosmith, Led ZeppelinfTed Nugent and
Yes all into the same straightjacket. Facts

are that they arejust a-bunch of. unpredlc- '

table nice guys who love music so much
that they’ll play anything, provided that
they can play it loud and their way. if that

. doesn’t spell originality they'you have a

bad dictionary. v .
This past July, R.E.M. played New York

City’s Beacon Theatre. On the first night,-

someone gave singer,:,»Michael Stipe-a

bunch of roses which he immediately gave'
,‘out to members of the audience. What
would The Replacements do ,if someone '

gave them roses? “Bob Stinson‘ would pro-.

bably save a 3few for his dress collection. ‘
Chris Mars would stare at the flowers 'and

sa‘ve.the memory for ’an eventual painting
(he’s also an artist). Paul Westerberg. pro<
verbial lyricist that-he is, might drop a tear

V V and say‘it-‘was the beer. TommyStinson‘

would 'say. something like, "l?Whichrway to
the cemetery?" ‘

So what.about-l.et.it He'llﬁince theban‘dw

a an

 

 

. ‘ ‘ ‘ 1 _ theiRock ‘R'olII-ton'zon“ I“; I. I V .,
Those original Replacements

 

om - .
.'Bombo.Ml rocom utors Eloc'trlc Boaters] Tlmo Space
._..Gll.lllnby,?.chl‘.' Eg'Tho Boavorlﬂll par ‘/ Drawing Comics
, Photography I. Humor. Satire Non onso I Peace Protest so

“i . v Rina. Loren / lrratlonallsm-Belatlvlty Anarchy / Blzzare Absurd
I ~ '  '-.Creatlva /- BrlanEno Laurl Anderson .Phlllp Glass I Lao Tau Heidegger
«V -., in mBubor-l Monk erngus Mlle: I 'Ro‘lzh Cramden Fellx Unger Spock, / Edna
 :le cent Mllla D Ian Thomas ,
' ggmrrlr‘ants Whlsp’brsy/ Dreams Fantasies Nightmares / Bach Brahms
: Beethoven / Steve Relch Elliot Carter Carl Helnz Stockhausen / Oregon
" Kolth ‘Jarrot Paul Wlnt'er / Muddy Waters John Lee Hooker
“ Leaclbe‘ll'y I Woody Guthrle Phil Doha Tom Paxton ./ Frank‘Zappa Robert
'1'pr Thomas Dolby [Southeast Asia Central Amerlca Eastern

% ‘ ‘,Europo / Shop‘plng Malls Flsh Heads Lawn Caro / Think Dream

 

 

Aspects on Tuesday

 

specializes in everything. it would be dif-
ficult to give a one sentence review of the

' LP. Consider the following an unethical ap-

proach to a highly creative, but humorous

. affair: .
I "I Will Dale": This is the kind of song

your- grandmother down Georgia way
would drop her knitting. needles for. Even
a' little Westerbergian mandolin. if you

"don’t find yourself, swinging a hip or tapp-

ing a-foot then you should see your doctor

- immediately. 2'.  . .
- 'Tavorlte.'11ung{': Crashi Bang! One of

The'-Replace'ments’ speeding ticket songs.

. Lots of. vocal gruff. A form of electroshock
' Hatter/1 Will Dare." . » ‘
.."Wo’nexComtn’ Out":lt's no «secret. This

band has been out of the closet for quite
some time now. Makes you wonder why
this band publicly denies hardcore. A
zooming tune with a Jefferson Airplane

slowdown towards the end.‘ Don’t let it?“

fool you. They don’t close the closet
beforethey’re done. '
"Tommy Gets His Tonsils O‘ut”:' One of

a the best'songs on the ‘album. “Open

upIYou little snot/That's the way/M'not.
m'not" probably brings back nightmares
for you ectomy people. "Ripl Ript/We’re
gonna rip ’em out now!" makes you get
down on both knees and praise Allah for

- modern technology.

"Androgenous": Expecting thrash? Fooled
,ya. Westerburg sings a little ballad here

and evenplays piano on this song. Nothing

smutty. Just a social statement on Dick and

lane when you can’t tell them apart (Re:

Go visit the'East Village). A barsy tune that
. endskindly off key.

"Black Diamond": The Replacements' -

first LP'cover. "An old Kiss classic that pro«
‘ yes that these guys aren't ashamed to admit

‘ that they actually listened to theband.

‘Metalheads-come and get itl .
“638‘ very ng ‘ SB

llllam Carlos Williams I Glimpses

- "Rod 'Whlto Blue ,I. Kafka Kubrlck Kandlnsky / . ..
wrltEliiE$TED7 GALL- iDAVID. RINA OR LOREN AT
467-33'22.'OR STOP IN AND SEE-11$ IN CAMPUS

"CENTER 332. IJNTERST MEETING - ‘WEDNESDAY,

FEE. g - 7:30 PaM. I BE CREATIVE WITH ASPECT§III

   

 

 

 

rvlve /‘ Da‘vldl

  

  

’ nutisfled”: westerburg bleeds no thin

blood here.  folksy ballad beginning with
brilliant acoustics for an intro. Pleads into
frustrated dreams left empty. No rock life
romanticism here. Don’t forget to bring the
Kleenex.

"Seen Your Video”: The Replacements
throw a mean left hook to bastard videos
that prostitute themselves as sons and
daughters of the 'treble‘ clef. "Seen Your
video/it's ’phony rock and_.rolllAnd we
don’t want to know." Fromithe band that
has no video... t ’ ‘

"Gary's Cola Boner”: Could this raunchy

metalique be a not so private joke on Min-
neapolis’ Gary and the Boners? Probably
not. Most likely; someone got hung upon
the word boner while dreaming of ‘Ted.
Nugent and just had to let the wholeworld
know. The title says it all.  
"Sixteen Blue": Hope you don’t feel guili

- ty abut the tree population »(more

Kleenex); The song evokes_~,_adoleScent
memories of how "Everythinggdrags and
drags," when your body starts doing things
to you and you're Supposed tdikeep on
smiling; Another ballad.' " '  "‘1;

"Answering Machine”: The LP: final cut.
Not exactly power trash. Mars-is on Mars

-. and Tommy is in a tree for this‘one. Direc-

:ionless directed guitar riffing coupled with
frustrated words for those bloodless leave~
your-message-at-the-sound-of-the-tone
junk pieces. The song ends in repetitious
mufflings of “if you need help." Perhaps
that says something about the world we
live in? Nah.

All right. Stick your hands into your
pockets and go out and buy Let it Be. Ten
Monopoly dollars says you might like it
(oops, i forgot we started- out playing
Trivial Pursuit).‘Too‘ poor? Get the EP. if
you like either of the above, there’s plenty
more power trash where that came from.

UC ear ’ ’ .

goodsgb

iv
5
J as

 

 

 

 

