 

Be Right

Reports that the insurgent press is dead on campus have been
greatly exaggerated. From Cambridge to Madison to Berkeley, a
new breed of underground journalist is once again arising—but on
the right. Unlike their mimeo-stained forebears from the ‘60s,
these activists don‘t exhort readers to make a revolution by
barging into the dean’s ofﬁce and smoking his cigars. This time
the chosen uncle is Sam, not Ho; the favored brothers Brooks, not
Eldridge and Huey. The cause is conservatism; the proclaimed
enemy, the anachronistic liberals who are still running the faculty
and the olﬁcia'l campus papers. "Today’s college students are
saying, ‘Reagan, Reagan, Reagan‘." contends Florida State senior
Kenneth Green, founder of the conservative FSU Tomahawk,
“and the liberal campus journalists are retreating to their news-
rooms, where they listen to taped Malcolm X speeches and long
for the good old days."

The ﬁrst of these new newspapers was born in the ﬂush of
Reagan‘s 1980 victory. Now
conservative publications have
sprung up on more than 70
campuses, including North-
western, Columbia. Carleton
and Stanford. Some appear
weekly with circulations in the
thousands; others come out
rarely with‘readerships in the
tens. Some cover only global
matters, such as the Soviet
Union’s arms policy; some
address national issues, such
as taxes; some stick to stu-
dent concerns, praising cam-
pus fraternities or ROTC. All,
however, seem to share the
desire to provoke self-sat—
isﬁed—or anxious—liberals.
“We want to pick a ﬁght,"
says Rod Richardson, one of
the founders of Columbia’s
conservative Morningside Re-
view, "an intellectual ﬁght."

A few of the New Right
papers are self-supporting or
‘even backed by student-gov-

, ' ’. L . .
emment money. Playing Dad- New Right news: Miami Tribune‘s Juan Dias am! Maria Gonzalez

dy Warbucks to 60 of them,

 

Review. But what one reader ﬁnds feisty, others may ﬁnd offensive.
The Dartmouth Review, perhaps the most famous—or infamous—
of the new papers, persistently kicks up controversy with pieces like
its 1981 attack on afﬁrmative action for blacks—7a group that‘s
notably absent on almost all these staﬁ‘s. The Review piece, written
entirely in the editor's version of ghetto slang, was headlined DlS
SHO AIN'T N0 JlVE, BRO. The IEA is not about to exert censorship
over its beneﬁciaries, says Kristol, adding with a sigh: “Look,
you're dealing with college kids. They‘re not exactly the most
mature and responsible people in the world. So you do get some
newspapers behaving with very bad taste."

Many of the newcomers do strive for a more temperate tone. The
University of Oregon’s right-wing Commentator has won profes-
sional awards—and it has an avowed gay and liberal-as a contribut-
ing editor. (The paper did once refer to campus feminists as "bitchy
nuns," but editors now say they regret it.) At Bowdoin, the four-
page bimonthly Patriot sometimes prints the liberal point of view——
albeit with an editorial disclaimer. And the biweekly University of
Miami Tribune—which covers sports and the arts along with the

New Right agenda and claims
a circulation of 12,000—has
earned praise from UM presi-
dent Edward T. Foote. “A re-
sponsible newspaper rivalry on.
campus is a very positive develé
opment," says Foote, a former
reporter himself. ‘Ilt enhances
the free exchange of ideas
from all points of view. This
tends to improve both papers
involved."

Grass Roots? How sponta~
neous is the new ﬂowering‘of
underground newspapers? Jim
Boylan, a journalism profes-
sor at the University of Mas-
sachusetts and a contribut-
ing editor of the, Columbia
Journalism Review, wonders
whether a lot of the conserva-
tive activism wasn‘t inspired by
the apparently easy availability
of IEA funds. lt‘s misleading,
Boylan contends, to suggest

- “that these things are grass-
roots movements.",And Marc

Abrams, director of the Wash-

ington-based Student, ‘Press

 

however, is the institute for Educational Aﬁ‘airs. Founded in 1978
by neoconservative writer Irving Kristo] and ﬁnancier William
Simon, the IEA's original purpose was to offer research funds to
conservative scholars. In 1980, however. students who were
trying to organize conservative papers at Dartmouth and the
University of Chicago had the bright idea of approaching “BA for
money. Each got $5,000. “and before we knew it," sayS'Kristol,
“we had a full-scale enterprise on our hands." Already, the
institute has doled out over $400,000 in grants of about $6,500
each. Support for these alternative efforts is necessary.
says Kristol, because they w0uld otherwise go unseen. “The
editorships of student newspapers on most campuses are handed
down by the students themselves," he says. “They are self-
perpetuating institutions. The consequence is that very often the
student newspaper is [more] to the left [than] the student body
as a whole.“

Some conservative publications try to adopt both the feisty tone
and the digniﬁed title of William Buckley's beloved National

NEAL KARLENWIIh JULIUSOENACHOWSKI in New York, CAROL EISENHERG
In lirunswxck, Maine, and JEAN-CLAUDE de in FRANCE In Miaml

Law Center, believes that if a liberal institute suddenly began
funding alternative campus newspapers, there would be an equally
dramatic rise in the number of leftist publications.

Ultimately the rise of the campus conservative newspaper may be
attributedasmuch tothewaysofyouth astoanationswingingright.
Though most of the conservative college editors view ’605 radicals
wtth contempt, the groups share at least one urgent need: to rebel. “I
guess my politics really derives from this," says Richardson of
Columbia. "1 simply don't like authority. I never liked my parents
telling me what to do. Ijust believe people should be allowed to do
whatever they want.“ To these rebelliousspirits, danger signals may
already be in the air. At Hobart and William Smith Colleges, for
example, the conservative Statesman may have been almost too
successful in challenging the existing liberal Herald, whose editors
sought a merger last year. If more and more conservative upstart!
Jom the establishment, can a left-wing reaction be far behind?

 

NEWSWEEK 0N (‘AMI'llS/MAIU‘II I‘lli.s

 

 

Maybe you haven’t dined at (In- Whiu- llonsc . . . yet.

 

Mnybeyouhnvcn’lfallen ash-opium cabinclnu-cling. . .n-l.

 

And "my/br- yon don ’1 yet know anything worth looking.

 

 

 

 

Never mind . . .

You can be a
Washington Insider
RIGHT NOW!

The National chkly Edition of The Wash—
ington Post specializes in turning pcoplc
outside Washington into Washington in-
siders. Each wcck wc bring a specially
sclcctcd and cditcd collection of Washing-
ton Post covc ago of politics, economics
and government to more than 100,000 of
tho busicst and brightest pcoplo across
Amcrica.

.loin thc many proi'cssionals. professors,
politicians. managers, mcdiu pcopic and
oLhcr movers and shnkcrs who follow the
American political drama through the pugcs
oi"I‘hc Post's Notional chkly Edition.
Bring David S. Brodcr, licrhiock. Lou
Cannon, Bob Womiwurd, Mary McGrory.
Hobart Rowcn, Iluyncs Johnson and oihcr
top pollti ml and cconomic corrospoudcnis.
commentators and cartoonists into your
classroom.

SPECIAL CLASSROOM DISCOUNT
Subscribe- for only 60‘? n week

Subscriptions to thc Notional chkly nrc
now nvuiluhlc to groups of ['ivc or morc for
only 60c“ u wcck—i'or a minimum subscrip-
lion Lcrm of 10 wccks.

So givc your Aincrlcun govcrnmcnl.
political scicncc. iournulism. connmruliw
goycrnmcnl and social scicncc instructors

@119 illualjingium 1.1051

.3».
' nnv HOLES m
is, A "I! mum:

unseat Illlu (mm .

be illustﬁugion 39.051

mm
@110 {Dashiugtun 1305i

lhc good ncus . . . nnd lhc numc nnd phonc
numhcr for our Classroom Program ()oou
dinntor—Suruh 'lroll. (202) Iiii—i~~i278.
Shc'll hc hnppy lo lcll you inorc about it.

 

