 

 
  
 

., i w. M. «may...» .1,

 

 

and the bully is picking on this kid who has

never done anything to provoke the bully.
The scene goes on for a very long time when sud-
denly, that kid strikes back with an unexpected
blow. A wave of shock goes through the school and
then the students cheer. Everyone, except the bully
and his friends, rejoice at the underdog’s retaliation.

Maureen A. Keefe

Each and every one of us in one sense or another
can relate to this scene. Each and every one of us has
felt helpless, like the underdog, until that person or
situation has pushed us just a little too far. We strike
back and we congratulate ourselves, because we
have stood up against what we fear. By the'same
token, we can make the analogy that the bully is the
terrorist and the United States is the kid who finally
retaliates.

Time and again, the United States has been the
target of terrorism: the hostage-taking of the U.S.
Embassy in Theran'in 1980, the Shiite terrorist bom-
bing of the U.S.Embassy in 1983, the bombing that
killed over 300 peacekeeping Marines (US.
Marines) in I983, the highjacking of TWA flight
847 in June which resulted in the death of Navy Pet-
ty Officer Robert Stethem. As to date no true justice
has yet been accomplished. Now the terrorists have
pushed the United States too far with the seajacking
of the Achille Lauro, in which Leon Klinghoffer was
brutally slaughtered. With the four terrorists in
custody, possibly the United States will see the pro-
verbial justice for all.

On October 8, 1985, about 30 miles off shore
from Port Said, the 23,629 ton ocean liner (Achille
Laura) was seajacked by four PLO faction (Palestine
Liberation Front) terrorists. For nearly three days,
terror reigned in the hearts of the 511 people (365
crew and 146 passengers) on the ship. On October
to, Egyptian President Mubarak negotiated a deal
with these four terrorists. The deal was for safe
passage to the hierarchy of Lebanon via a commer-
cially owned Egyptian jet. The same day, US. Presi-
dent Reagan gave orders for an EZ-C (refucler), four
F-l4 Tomcats (all from the battle ship Saratoga) to
track the Egyptian plane down and force it to land in
a NATO Air Base in Sigonella, Scicily. When the
plane landed in Scicily, the pilot of the plane, the
four seajackers and two PLO leaders were detained.

One leader was the well-known Moharnrned Ab-
bas of the Palestine Liberation Front. Italy charged
the four terrorists, but let the two leaders go, despite
pleas from the United States. During that time,
Egypt portiacked the Achille Lauro to protest the
United States' forced landing of the Egyptian
airliner.

A main point that should be addressed is the
brutal slaying of an American passenger. Leon Kl-
inghoffer. 69, paralyzed both physically and verbal-
ly, was shot twice. The two shots were to his head
and back. After killing him, the terrorists threw him
overboard with his wheelchair.

This just reveals the mentality of the terrorists.
They are nothing less than cruel, heartless, cowardly
people. What sane person, even with a just cause,
would shoot a handicapped man and throw him
overboard? Justice for these four? Most Americans
believe that the Italian jury should give these ter-
rorists the same justice and mercy they gave to Leon
Klinghoffer. Justice for such as these should be swift
and sure.

As time passes by us, the United States sees her
friendships fading before her eyes. To start with,
Egypt expects an apology from President Reagan for
the forced landing of the Egyptian airplane. In the
first place, The United States should expect an
apology from Egypt. President Mubarak negotiated
a deal with these terrorists, knowing that there was
the possibility of a murder of an American
passenger. It is incomprehensible why any peace-
loving country would do this. knowing full well that
these actions only enhance tcrorist acts in the future.

If the United States pulled away aid from Egypt at
this very moment. Egyptian Pres. Mubarak's
government would topple. It was not so long ago
when Anwar Sadat was killed by terrorists, putting
Mubarak into the presidency. Why anyone who has
dealt with the tragic effects of terrorists' acts would
nuccor terrorists is absolutely bereft of reason.

The United States owes Egypt no apology for for-
ming their plane down. The plane was in interna-
tional air space and no law was broken. liven the
USSR agreed with President Reagan's decision and
action. Any country fighting terrorists' action would
not aid the terrorists' movement. It is reasonable to
presume that any country with equal military power
would havu done the same if they had been in that
situation.

T ry to recall this: You’re back in grade school

 

 

 

Terrorists 1059, United States ‘1

The only way to stop these violent acts of ter-
rorism is to catch the people committing and master-
minding them. The United States did both. Unfor-
tunately, our "ally", Italy, let the leader of the
Palestine Liberation Front, Mohammed Abbas, go.
This was due, possibly, to their fear of repercussions
from the terrorists. Even if Italy had not been an ally
of the United States, it should have detained Abbas.
All the evidence was present to prosecute him, but
still Abbas was released. '

How can terrorism ever be fought on a serious
level when countries like Italy carry out this kind of
insane action? It should not be the duty of a single
country to track down, capture, and prosecute these
terrorists, but the obligation of each and every
country.

in Theran was very vivid. From noon October 10,
1985 till 4:37 pm, when the final decision was made,
Reagan weighed all the options. It was indeed a high
stakes poker 'match, but well worth the risks. It is
about time someone stood up and said we've had
enough. The mission has been dubbed the “Entebbe
2" by Mayor Koch and Israeli Prime Minister Perez,
and rightfully so.

This intercept was definetely a boost for the,

United States. It showed terrorists around the world - “

that the United States would no longer stand for“

their cruel, insensitive actions. It gave Americans... ~ ‘ ‘-

pride in their country. The terrorists may have -
scored 1059, but at last the United Statesis on the.
board.

In the end, Reagan’s decision left many countries

Terrorism can only be stopped with the. cooperation of all the
countries of the world. Havens. . .cannot be allowed.

 

As the United States looks around, the one friend
in plain view is Israel. Israel is the only country that
has made a statement totally supporting President
Reagan’s actions. If all the countries were like Israel,
maybe terrorists wouldn’t'have such a strong grip on
their hearts. Some food for thought.

Pacifists and radicals alikeare exulting over Presi-
dent Reagan‘s decision. Finally America can hold its
head high in its ongoing battle against terrorism. All
Americans can feel pride in our military strength,
which was put to good use. No one was hurt by our
military superiority, but criminals will now be
brought to justice.

President Reagan made the best decision of his
term when he ordered the landing of the Egyptian
737, which held the seajackers. Every American
agrees with his decision. Congress agrees with his
decision. Finally, the American people are in mutual
agreement about one subject, the forced landing.

Reagan went through considerable pains in mak-
ing this decision. The memory of the failed mission

 

winners. Israel did not have to release 50 Palestinian
prisoners, as the seajackers had previously demand-
ed. Israel is now another country that has said no to
terrorist demands. Even Egypt won — the seajackers
were given safe passage out of Egypt. Thus, Egypt
cannot be blamed for their apprehension. While
most Arab nations strongly condemned the seajack-
ing of the Achille Lauro, Egyptian relations with
these countries remained unharmed. All in all, the
only losers were the seajackers and passengers and
crew of the Achille Lauro, including Leon
Klinghoffer.

Terrorism can only be stopped with the coopera~
ticn of all the countries of the world. Havens like
Libya and Lebanon cannot be allowed. Terrorists
must be hunted down and punished. Retaliation is
the only thing these terrorists seem to understand.
So, let's show them true retaliation. Now that Italy
has four terrorists in their custody, let justice be
swift 'and sure. The question remaining is, "Will
there be justice for all?" . . . only time will tell . . . Cl

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

November I, 1985

,..,,ws».-~ww.ewy-m-~. _..,,...« c,.....  . .. .,.

 

-merif’ca taken hoStage:

then and now

An 6

ovember 4 isn'tt e only day the presscontacts

  

Beirut, a blowing up f an embassy," notes Ken-
nedy, one of the fift two Americans who spent
four hundred and fort four days as the unwilling
captives of Iranian mil’ ants.

Ian Spellilng

"If they can’t get an body better they get me on
the television to comrr :nt on hostage taking or ter-
rorism, or some such Sli biect," he says ironically, lips
clamped tight in a mock frown.

Moorehead Kennecy physically reacts as he
speaks. His features re nearly as telling as his,
words. Kennedy’s bulg ng stomach suggests an en-
joyment of the food (I nied him during the hostage
crisis. His face, howcwrr, suggests nothing. Rather,
the pale, clammy skin and hollow eyes scream out
loud and clear. His is a Scarred, weathered face, one
which has lost its battle with time, time spent in Iran'
under the imminent t reat of death. The physical
results of prolonged captivity are that obvious. The
teeth are yellow and apparently rotting. His hair‘is
pure gray. No facade exists. When Kennedy laughs,
he means it. But as the lips spread thin and his teeth
show, it is obvious the man lives for today, having
learned the hard way to enjoy life’s small pleasures.

Kennedy willingly discusses specific events dur-
ing his captivity. However, he clearly prefers con-
veying his feelings about the lessons America learn-
ed as a result of the hostage crisis.

"I thought, we thought, when we came back that
that would be the end 01 it, that we‘d never be heard
from again. Two or three months later people said
'Go out and lecture while you can, before no one
wants to hear you again.’ ” Kennedy pauses,
dramatically bats his eye lids and continues, "What
has indeed happened is that Iran was only the begin-
ning, not just for us, but for Islamic fundamentalism
coming out as a political force. I think it is here to
stay. I think Americans are properly upset by it.
There are a lot of forces In the world that Americans
no longer classify as good guy, bad guy."

"You're not going to get rid of nuclear weapons.
You can argue that you use nuclear weapons to
deter their use by someone else. You can hear a
speaker such as myselt say 'You’ve got to unders-
tand these people, Why they resort to terrorism.’ All
of a sudden (when the American embassy was over-
taken) the American jicople realized this isn’t the
way the world is supposed to be. We had our
causes, and (we had) clear-cut enemies. It was us and
Hitler. There Is no qilvslion there. One Is unam-
biguously good and UN is unambiguously bad. That
really doesn’t exist today."

Upon their release. the hostages were catapulted

 

 . . Whether because of Mr.
Reagan, or just paralleling Mr.
Reagan, Americans are feeling
better. . . and more optimistic and
prouder. . . ”
—Moorehead Kennedy

 

their respective hometowns. Then there were the
parades. " 'I feel good about America again‘ was the
theme of the parades..The hostages symbolized
something for the American people. We knew it.
We sensed it. We played up to it," admits Kennedy,
who covers his mouth, realizing he implied
something he didn't necessarily mean.

“We didn't play up to it in the sense of play ac~
ting, but we felt we had to respond to a deeply felt
need on the part of the American people. That sug-
gests to me that they didn’t feel good about America
before. There was still a lot of Vietnam. There was
still a lot of humiliation from the hostage takeover.
People wanted reassurance, they Wanted authentic
heroes. We were just ordinary guys, but we filled
the role.”

The incredible, positive response accorded the
hostages’ homecoming lead many to reconsider
America's negative reaction to the return of Viet-
nam veterans, who were publicly shiinned. Ken-
nedy believes the entire country gained respect for
Its own citizens, and, as Vietnam .veterans are
Americans, they too recieved a measure of belated
recognition. ‘

“About three days after I got home I got a
telephone call from Bobby Miller, the parapalegic
who is the leader of the Vietnam veterans. His first
words were 'Thank you.’ We had been getting a lot
of static from the Vietnam vets about 'nobody gave
us a parade.’ What Miller said was ’You have made
sacrifices, and have made the country respectable
again. Now we can assert our Just demands for
recognition. and in the cases where medical and
other treatment ls necessary, greater demands.’ "

"I think that happened," Kennedy says. smiling
that yellow-toothed smile which so painfully recalls
the high price of progress. "i think we had a lot to do
with the Vietnam Memorial going up and the rest of
that. We are taking about causation. Did we cause
an event or did we happen about the same time the
American people wanted to come to terms with

 

—hosta‘ge remembers Iran

into the roles of heroes. Across America, people
celebrated. Spirits rose. Americans rallied around
their heroes. The former hostages were the toasts of

their own past, and put Vietnam where it belonged,
and get on with being Americans? The hostage crisis
and the return came at a moment when Americans
wanted to be Americans again."

According to Kennedy, Americans are still on a
natural high."‘Whether because of Mr. Reagan or
just paralleling Mr. Reagan, Americans are feeling
better and better and better, and more optimistic
and prouder,"he said.

On this day freedom rang, the New York Times
front page described the former hostages as "Alive,
well, and free." However, 444 days of captivity in a
foreign land under the hostile, watchful eyes of ter-
rorist captors left more than physical reminders on
Moorehead Kennedy. "I haven’t left," he says matter
of factly. “I still have a nightmare that the State
Department has put me on a plane and sent me back
to resume my captivity."

Though no longer a foreign service officer. Ken-
nedy would return to Iran if the country stabilized.
"I have no ill feelings about the Iranian people, or in-
deed my captors. l’d buy them a lunch, some of
them," he says seriously. “I think the hardest thing
for me was coming to terms with the state depart-
ment, who left us out there, and Mr. Carter. That
took a bit of doing. But even in captivity I made
myself think, 'Look, you can’t afford to get mad,
because anger weakens you. And you've got to save
your strength for the last event, the last scene.’

"Beyond that, I came to the point of realizing,
’Look, I'm part of it (the reason for the overtaking). I
didn't send the messages I should have. I could
have. . . "’

Andy Warhol once prophesized everyone would
be famous for 15 minutes. Kennedy still rates
newsworthy six years after the embassy takeover.
His niche in history will remain as one of "the fifty-
two." History aside, the experience permanently
altered Kennedy's life. And he is currently channell-
ing the anger, the hope, and newly-formed opinions
on politics and fate into a new self. "I would have
been a reasonably successful foreign service officer
had I stayed in. Now, I’m something of a public
figure. I say that not because of an ego thing, but I
am heard," he asserts. "I've got a book out. I'm on
TV a certain amount. I do lectures at universities.
People are willing to listen.

One person In particular who pays close attention
to what Kennedy thinks and says is his wife. During
the hostage crisis, Mrs. Kennedy inadvertantly
became spokesperson for the hostages' wives. Their
marriage changed considerably upon Kennedy's
return, insomuch as it improved. Each partner
developed emotionally, each personality strengthen-
ed, and their love and need for each other swelled.

"One Moorehead Kennedy went abroad to Iran,"
he proudly concludes. "Another one came back;
and she prefers the one who came back.”

Aspects 5a

 

 

 

Just yesterday?

hat most people remember most about the
eranian hostage crisis is that it seems like it
happened just vesterday. Actually, it was

six years ago this wee .

Eddie Wile

There are certain things that stand out in people's
minds when they think about the incident now —
The yellow ribbons around trees, the “Fuck Iran"
shirts, the great sight of seeing our people get off the
plane. What we seem to forget is that often na-
tionalism and hostility are products of helplessness.
American citizens were being held hostage and
there was not a thing we could do. Yeah, we tried to
rescue them. Remember that? What a job it was. We
were in a position that the US was not used to —
backed against a wall with our hands tied behind our
backs, and our response was "Fuck them - Bomb the
hell out of them."

Show me a desperate person, who has lost pride,
run out of options, and is being made a public
display of, and I’ll show you a person who is ready
to strike back in the most forceful, blatant, and ag-
gressive manner possible. We started to hate Iran,
Iranian people, and everything associated with Iran,
kind of like how the Germans felt about the Jews in
W.W.Il.

So the hostages came home and the country went
nuts. The hostages were given first class treatment.
They were heroes. We finally won out. Good con~
quered evil. But did we really win? I don’t think so.

A country that likes to believe it is the best, most
powerful, most intelligent nation in the world was
reduced to mass hatred and predjudice, and most
people’s solution was to "bomb the hell out of
them."

It's 1985 now. What ever happened to the
hostages? I don’t know. Did they all settle back into
normal lives? I really don't know. Does anybody,
remember their names? ’

Forgetting our mistakes can be very dangerous,
and blind nationalism can be even more dangerous.
It can turn a normally rational country into a hateful,
mindless mob. Blind nationalism killed millions of
Jews not too long ago.

We tend to remember major history by major
events. In recent history we have Viet
Nam . , . Watergate . . .. the hostages w and that's

about it. What happened in between is just a blur. I
think we see our lives that way. We remember
graduations, weddings, Bar Mitzvahs, and things of
this type of importance. I think we can try to make
the time between these events a little more mean~
ingful by just trying to make every day seem irnpor»
tant in some way. If We don't, we can end up look-
ing back and saying, "Wow. that happened six
years ago . . . I can't believe it. You know, time real~
Iy does flyl” CI

%

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

