.  STUDENT PRESS, EMERIPA Y. MARCH 1. 1985

NE ws" skies,

Worldwide

 

Ortega reopens talks

. ‘ , Managua, Nicaragua
(AP) President Daniel Ortega said his lef-
tist government is willing to send 100
Cuban military advisers home and stop ac-
quiring new weapons systmes to persuade
President Reagan to reopen talks and drop
his support for rebels.

Ortega outlined to reporters Wednesday
seven pages of proposals he said could help
persuade the Reagan administration to
discontinue “the hostile policy against
Nicaragua, in violation of the principles
and norms of international cooperation."

The first 50 Cuban military advisers
could leave in May. Ortega said.
Nicaragua also was willing to impose an
“indeﬁnite moratorium" on acguiring
new weapons systems. including
"interception aircraft." he said.

Chernenko reappears

Moscow
(AP) Soviet President Konstantin
Chernenko Thursday was shown in a Tass
photograph receiving credentials as a
deputy in the Parliament of the Russian

Chernenko was pictured holding fast to

 

 

 

a chair with his left hand while he shook
hands with Communist Party officials
with his right hand. The Soviet leader,
rumored to be seriously ill, has been out of
the public eye for two months before ap-
pearing in television footage Sunday
casting his ballot.

Chernenko. 73. waselected to represent
the Kuibyshev district of Moscow during
elections on Sunday. All 15 republics
elected parliaments, and all members of
the ruling Politburo were unopposed can-
didates for seats.

.
Lamu seeks diapers

Nairobi. Kenya
(AP) An official of the island townlof
Lamu. off Kenya's lndian Ocean coast,
wants to keep the streets tidy by putting
makeshift diapers on donkeys.

The government's district officer for
picturesque Lamu. B.l(. Warioko, appeal-
ed Wednesdsay to local craftsmen to
devise baskets. leather buckets or cloth
diapers to collect donkey drippings.

“This will help keep the streets of Lamu
town and other villages in the district free
of donkey droppings. which have con-
tributed to the dirt in the town and the
villages,”*the official Kenya News Agency
quoted Warioko as telling a meeting of
island residents.

Warioko was quoted as saying that the
donkey dung has contaminated Lamu’s

cidence of cholera.

 

 

 

PanAm goes on strike

New York City
(AP) Picket lines went up from Miami to
Honolulu Thursday as transport union
workers struck Pan American World Air-
ways, virtually shutting down the ﬁnan-
cially troubled carrier's domestic service

,ans severely curtailing its overseas ﬂights.

“1 think it is going to be‘a long strike,"
said Transport Workers Union airline divi-
sion director John Kerrigan. who an-
nounced the strike of 5,753 mechanics.
baggage handlers, ﬂight dispatchers and
food service workers at 12:15 am. EST.

Picket lines immediately went up at air-
ports in Miami. Los Angeles, San Fran-
cisco, and Honolulu. Ke‘rrigan said Pan
Am pilots — who settled their contract
with the airline Tuesday —- have promised
to honor TWU picket lines, and other
unions have advised their members to stay
off the job.

Credit relief opposed

Washington. D.C.
(AP) Congress has moved to extend credit
to struggling farmers just in time for spr-
ing planting, but the White House says the
proposal is too expensive and will likely be

 

Federation. the country's largest republic. water supply and contributed to the in-

.5.
,.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ill“! 

   

 

 

 

 

vetoed. n I .,  .

Both the House and'Sen‘ate ‘ Wet-1mg-
day passed separate legislation-offering
various forms of‘ credit relief 1 to? farmers
having -trouble getting operating money
this spring. Theyinclude interest rate sub-
sidies and loan guarantees and advances —-
an opposed by 'Presid'ent‘ Reagan as
unnecessary. .1

Backers of the credit-aid moves, mostly
Democrats and farm-state Republicans,
hailed the moves as a way to keep farmers
caught in a credit pinch alive for at least
another year. '

But Senate Majority Leader Robert
Dole, R-Kan., said the action‘signaled a
breakdown in budget discipline early in a
year when Congress is grasping for ways to
reduce the federal budget deficit.

Statewide. . i _

Fed aid cutsreviewed
'  ..."’Albany
(AP) State Sen. Kenneth LaValle, the
Republican chairman 'of the Senate Higher
Education Committee. has written Presi-
dent Reagan asking him'to reconsider pro-
posed cuts in aid to college students.
“Colleges and universities will become
unaffordable to large segments of our
population if federal lstudent . aid is
withdrawn in themagnitudeilan'd in the
frame being suggested" in the budget pro-
posed by Reagan, the Suffolk County state
senator wrote the president'. , I ‘
LaValle. who released his letter to
Reagan on Wednesday. told the president
that proposed aid cuts “would "clearly
devastate ‘the hopes and aspirations of
those students affected, am i am sure you

 

 

 

 
 
 

"agree that"'we eahno‘tj'a‘fi’Ord‘ t'o'hold so
’ many citizens back frori ibiili‘zjn ' fh‘éig'p'ro-
~ "'fe'ssiontii"potien'tialf'Whilé we" 'btil =save

dollars now, We' woiild, lo‘s'e‘ for" the future

generatioh'of prowess?“ ""- '

Flood waters, recede.

' , . ' _' ‘aurraro
(AP) The level of the flood waters that
poured into Buffalo area homes this week
may be dropping off abit. but the priCe be-

_ing placed on damages casued-by the

flooding has risen to between $10 and $12
million. the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
estimated Wendesday. 4 . ’
While many communities appear- to
have escaped the wrath“; of : streams
overﬂowing'with‘ melted snow and heavy
weekend rains, other areas, such as the
hard-hit suburb ‘ of Amhérst“.re'mained
under water Wednesday.‘ v  
Gov. Mario Cuomo declared a state of

 

‘ f-Pri‘m ’br

“5...! ..,. ._».._.

 

By Beth Flnno'rani' , .'
51-er warm ~ I . ‘
“You have a commitment to do‘lwhat is
right — we all do," Dr. Pearl Primus an-
'nounced in her Keynotc_Address at the.
Sixth Annual ‘Dr. Martin Luther King
Jr./African-American History Month-

‘ ‘Luncheon Tuesday afternoon in the Cam-
. pus Center Ballroom.‘ '

with a ' standing ovatio

         
 

' Greeted

   

 

Dr. Pearl Primus

4],...

I“

n. Dr. ’ “life's works, and. according to_Primus."

r

as”: n» H‘-

LFRID‘A y, MARCH '1, 1985 1:1 ALBANY smbEN‘r PRESS 3

“gs-"Dr. 1 King  memory back to, life

Primus. Five-College Professor of Ethnic
studies at Smith College. began-her ad-
dress, by. asking the audience of about 100
to join hands. “After that. Martin Luthér
King would say ‘They are together'."
Primus said when the audience. followed
her request. ~

. The,luncheon’s theme was the legacy of
the Reverend Martin Luther King Jr.'s

 

“We all have a vested interest in civil rights. "

his legacy is a commitment to
conscience." . .

"it in north: fight of blacks alone for
Civil Rights...blacks and whites must ﬁght
together‘ (and) that chain cannot be
stronger than its weakest link." Primus
said. repeating Dr. King's words.-

“We all have a vested interest in Civil
Rights." she advocated, speaking of
King’s early bouts with prejudice and how
they inspired him. She told of how as a

, child his two best friends could no longer

play with him once school started and how

his father c6uld not buy shoes because he .
would not sit' in the designated black area-

in the rear of thestore. Thus, according to
Primus, King Jr. learned f‘what it means
to wear the dark skin. what it means to be
black in this country." ‘ V

At age fifteen, Primus said. King

wanted to be a lawyer. so. he could change

the laws that were not in keeping with the

spirit of the United States Constitution.

He developed a love for words and didn't
fight much, she said, explaining "he could
always talk, reason his way out.”
' “Martin Luther King became a symbol
of open pride for the black people,"
Primus said. “He was a symbol of
themselves. a reason for being." .
‘Primus said she shared his dream —
.“the dream that he had is that anger is
useless against a system that is rooted in

racism...He was at one time a very angry
person, but that was not his way. he put
that aside."

“He had a constancy of a dream...that
all human beings would walk together,"
Primus continued. “if we understand the
.vision...what then is the task?" she asked.
“We’ve got to know what we want — we
must verbalize it...therc must be singleness
of agenda," Primus asserted.

“We must adopt new standards of ex-
cellence and some of these might be in con-
'flict with what we though before. —
without that excellence we're targeted for
all kinds of racism," she added.
Emphasizing the necessity of “all people
(working together to) banish forever the
fear of nuclear war." the existence of
poverty. and the devastation of hunger,
Primus reiterated King’s hope that blacks
. ind whites would realize their a vested in-
terested in survival and peace.

Primus concluded with a reading from
Martin Luther King's last speech at
Ebenezer Baptist Church, in which he
reﬂected on his death. “‘1 want you to say
that 1 tried to serve and love humani-
ty...that l was a drum major for peace, for
justicekfor rightousness, 1 want you to say
that i wanted to leave a committed life
behind.”' ' D

. .. «ﬂay-u”.- “my .- m..mA-,s ~.a~‘v1x~rwmnlrv«

" By J. Mlchaol Melee
' STAFF WRITER

A'proposed abortion clinic at
Upper Hudson Planned Paren-
thood’s Lark Street ofﬁce will not
be opening as scheduled because
of a suitbrought by the Albany
Roman Catholic Diocese. ,

The clinic has: been a heated
issue in the area ever since plans
for it were revealed in an article
In the Times-Union last
September. The case revolves not
around the issue of abortion. but
rather, is a procedural one. and
challenges the way 'in which the
State Health Department arrived
at its decision to grant the license.

Father Michael Farono.
Chancellor of the diocese. ex-
plained that “it is no secret'where
the Church stands on abortion;

 

we are against abortion.” and he

described the current case as a.

"focused argument. We are not

arguing the constitutional issue.”'

‘ Nathan Riley.presssecretaryto
Attorney General Robert

Abrams. agreed. saying "The

Catholic church he‘s never made
abortion ,rights an issue iri‘thls
case." ' .
Farano said the Church’
challenge was made because the
Health Department did not prove
the facility was needed and did

'not follow department internal

r J while ' g the

case.
Ruth Klepper. "Director of.

Planned Parenthood. maintained
the clinic is needed. “Studies
showed the need for non-hospital
abortions in this area. especially

for younger women and Medicaid
patients. There are already ade-
quate services available for those
women who can afford them. but
for others. it has been necessary
to leave the area." she said, ad-

...dlng that 400600 women leave
‘Vthe Capital District .each year

because there, are no affordable
and conﬁdential services in the
area.

“As part of our pregnancy
counseling, we will provide a list
of facilities in the area on request.
but many women still chose to go
1 , where there are clinics
available," she said.

Riley added that “the Health.

Department studies showed that
more women leave this area for
abortions than from any com-
parable city in the state." He said

Proposed "independenCe of SUNY-
sanctioned by Beard of Trustees

    
  

the cost of an abortion was less
than $200 in a clinic. “as opposed
to $700 or more in a hospital."
chppcr said .it was never Plan-
ned Parenthood's intention to
open an abortion clinic for proﬁt.
but rather. the non-profit health
care agency felt the obligation to
offer a service to its clients. “‘We
were not advertising for patients.
but trying to- help. some of our
own patients by adding a ser-
vice." she said.
' “We're...not given to mass
action. We don't have a church
on every corner. The statistics on
approval of a woman’s right to
choose have been very stable.
Those approving have never been

_in the minority. .Next time. and I

feel there will be a next time. we
will contact our supporters. W

      

' Ch Urch suit hinders openingof abortion. clinic

will build a response system."
"in Supreme Court, before
Judge Harold Hughes," she con-
tinued, “the Diocese sought to
make the order permanent.
Although the judge denied stan-

‘ ding to theDiocese as an aggripy-

'ed party, he did give standing to
some” individuals present who
supported the Diocesan position.
Judge Hughes denied a perma-
nent injunction. but annulled the
Health Department’s decision.
asking them to reconsider with
new criteria."

After Supreme Court Judge
Harold Hughes passed judgement
against the clinic. Riley said “the
Attorney General requested the
Appellate Division to hear the
case as expeditiously as possible.

13>

   

   

  
  
 
 

 
        

 

\ V 4 A emergency in six western New York mum ' ’ I . Albany budget. All spending would be subject to an audit
' V,“ ' m g _ Lay“ “ tics hit by nooding_ The governor also 351“ (AP) Saying the nation’s largest public higher at the end of the year. I
u t . 5w "5" ML ed the Federal Emergency Management education system needs more independence, The citizen commission that studied SUNY

foundthat over-regulation, has stiﬂed attempts to
'offer high-quality education at the state university.

trustees of the State University of New York have
asked the Legislature to turn SUNY into a state

HOWARD "GAR UPS

Tau Kappa Epsllon (T KE), a new social fraternlty at SUNYA. broke the Unlvurslty’s blood donor record of 200 polnts by bringing Agency to help 1°C“ government to assess

the damages “required to establish a ma-

\

In 204 donors durlng their drlvo Thursday. “We wanted to do somethln that would Introduce us to the campus and help the
community at the same “me. The blood drive seemed like the perfect hlng." said Matthew Goetz, a spokesperson for TKE.

PREVIEW OF EVENTS

free listings

Students for Israel Presents
Moll Frledman and hls slide
show on “Arab-Israeli Con-
Illct" on Monday. March 4 at
7:30 pm. In CC 361.

Brnxlllan Carnival will feature
food. drinks. and dancing. It
wlll be held on Saturday,
March 2 In the Humanltlee
Lounge. HU 354. Tlckcts are $2
In advance and $3 at the door.
Class of 1987 will meet In the
SA Lounge on Sunday. March
3. All sophomores are urged to
attend.

 

 

jor disaster
Disaster Relief Act."

declaration under...the

 

Comlc Book Convention wIII
beheld March 9, 1985 at the
Hollday Inn on Central Ave. ln
Colonle from 10 am. to 4 pm.
Admlaslon Is $1.00.

Close of 1980 wlll be meeting
on Sunday. March 3 at 8 pm.
In the SA Lounge.

W. DuMouchol, from MIT. wlll
present a Statistlcs Collo-
qulum on Wednesday, March 6
at 4:15. For more Information
contact the Department of
Mathematlcs and Statlstlcs.

Stella Nowlckl. an organlzer of
women workers. wlII speak
and show her film “Union
Maids” at RPI‘e Communlca-

Ilon Center mm 318 on Tues-
day. March 5 at 7 pm. Admis-
slon Is 51 to the general
pubIIc.

“Terms of Endearmont" wIII
be shown In the Schacht Fine
Arts Center Audltorlum at
Russell Sage College on Sun
day. March 3 and Monday,
March 4 at 7 pm. Admission Is
$1.00. - ‘

“ChIIIy Chltty Bang Bang" will
be shown on Sunday. March 8
at 1 pm. at the Albany Publlc
lerary Maln Branch at 161
Washlngton Ava.

Marge Plercy M" be gIvIng a
poetry reading _on Tuesday.

March 5 at 11:30 am. at the
Junior College of Albany's
Campus Center Rm. 224. Ad-
mlsslon ls tree.

Democratic Socialists of
America will sponsor a presen-
tatlon on the United States Im-
parlallst role In Puerto Rlco,
on Wednesday. March 6 at 7:30
pm. In HU 27. I
Professor Marielle Boudreau
of the Unlverslty ol Moncton.
New Brunswch wlll lecture on
"The Characterlstlca and
Evolutlon of North American
French Culelne" on Wednes-
day, March 8 at 7:30 pm. at the
Colonle Town lerary.
serlpturo Series will be held

on Monday. March 4 at Chapel
House at 3:45 pm.

Reunion for all those who have
made a Chrletlan Awakenan
will be held on Sunday, March
3 at 8 pm. In Chapel House.

SUNYA Professor Jorg
Zegenhagen wlll lecture on
"Electra-deposited Cd and TI
on Copper Investlgated wlth
Synchrotron X-ray Standan
Wave Spectroscopy” on Fri-
day. March 1 at 3 p.m..ln PH
129.

MIT Professor PatrlckLeo wlll
lecture on “‘Conductlvlty In
Small When" on Frlday. Marc"
8 at 3 pm. In PH 129. ' ___
——-——-——"

 

corporation. .

The far-reaching proposal was approved 11-0 by
SUNY’s Board of Trustees on Wednesday In an at-
tempt to improve the quality of education at SUNY
by giving educators greater freedom from state
control.

The proposal was first advanced in January by a ,
top-level commission that found SUNY —- with,

370.000 students and 64 colleges. universities and
“N community colleges —— to be “the most over-
regulated university In the nation.”

The independence of the new SUNY corporation
would be a dramntlcdcparture from SUNY's cur-
rent status as a state agency. '

SUNY trustees and administrators must now win
approval from the state Budget Division and the

, state comptroller's office for "even the most
elementary administrative decisions," according to

the January report by the Independent Commission .

on‘ the Future of the State University.

, in contrast. the new SUNY corporation would be
given new financial freedom to spend state aid
under control of the SUNY trustees. SUNY would
still need lcgislatlve approval of Its budget. but ad-
mlnistrators could shift some funds within the

. hearings on the commission's recomendutions. The

' program Monday to cut state controls on SUNY.

Gov. Mario Cuomo proposed a more modest

  
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
    
 
 
  
 
 

While Cuomo wouldn’t turn SUNY into a state
corporation, his proposal calls for giving SUNY of-
ficials more powers to recruit high-level employees I
and manage their own ﬁnances.

‘ The state Senate and Assembly Higher Education
Committees have completed two of four scheduled

ﬂnal two will be held Friday in Buffalo and March
15 in Blnghamton.
Some committee members have said that action ‘
less drastic than turning SUNY into a public cor- 
poratlon might solve the university's problems with
over-regulation.
The changes SUNY trustees went to make require} 
amending the state Education Law under which
SUNY was created in 1948 as a state agency. Under ,
the law, university administrators are required to
act under regulations the SUNY trustees believe are _ 'I'r-
lnapproprlate for aimajor educational Institutlon. |
SUNY'r 30 community colleges would remain a l: .
key part of the university system under the state ‘
corporation proposal and their relationships with suuy Comm
their local sponsors would be unchanged. Proposal for autonomy passed I 1.0

 

