 

2a Aspects”

 

She’s the Boss
By Mick Jagger
Columbia Records

;he personification of the Rolling
 Stones has released his very first solo

album. The move has no deep
significance. Mick Jagger felt like doing it.
The album has no deep significance, either.
It's a pretty inconsequential dance record.
But She’s the Boss does have its moments...

Corey Levitan

On She’s the Boss, Mick actually aban-
dons the heedless ego trip that for twenty
years has been the focus of one of the
world’s most famous personas. The theme
of this album is vulnerability, manifested as
the vulnerability of Mick's characters to
domineering girlfriends, as the title sug-
gests. The premise works perfectly. Mick
plays his inferior roles with just enough
campiness to appear simultaneously
defenseless against, and in control of his
environment. In Half a Loaf, Mick plays a
paramour who is hopelessly trapped in a
dismal relationship...“Here’s to separate
taxis/to our stolen conversations...l can’t go
on seeing you like this!" Mick is further
abused in Secrets when he finds his lady
slutting around behind his back..."How can
.you dare?" Later, he regains control and
suggests that she might as well “do it for
the money." In Hard Woman, Mick cannot
do enough for his princess...“l gave her
laughter, she wanted diamonds," and lust
Another Night finds our protagonist in a
hotel room pleading with his one-night
stand not to desert him. Surely. this not a
side of Mick Jagger with which we are
very familiar. Running Out of Luck and
Lonely at the Top sound like personal con-
fessions about the emptiness of Mick's own
stardom, and vulnerability borders on sefl-

 

 

 

degradation in the album’s title track.

However, a great theme does not a great
album make. Musically, She's the Boss is a
mixed bag.

The album is flawlesst produced. Mick
co-produced six of the album‘s nine tracks
with hip-hop producer Bill Laswell, and the
album’s overall sound seems to reﬂect this
collaboration. Most of the tracks are
energetic dance numbers that successfully
fuse rhythm and blues, reggae, pop and
r0ck inﬂuences. Their closest cousin in
Rolling Stones music is probably Under-
cover's "Too Much Blood." However,
She’s the Boss sound is clearly
distinguishable from that of the Rolling
Stones. The most important distinction is
that these songs do not suggest, as so many
Stones numbers do, the image of a band
performing them live in the studio,
mistakes often intact. These songs are slick-
ly polished and feature layers of studio
wizardry. Most of any possible similarity is
in thevocals.

The featured musicians include Jeff

Beck, Pete Townshend, Herbie Hancock“.

Sly Dunbar, Robbie "Shakespeare," and
Chic's Bernard Edwards and Nile Rodgers.
Among" these Beck is the most prominent.
He handles lead guitar through most of the
album with a brilliantly unique, muddled
sound recurrently suggestive of his solo in
Rod Stewart's Infatuation. Although it's

harder to discern the individual efforts of .

the rest of the crew, the total effect of so
much talent is stirring, to say the least. In
addition to coming very close to perfect
production and musicianship, She's the
8055 features some of the most powerful
vocals Mick Jagger has ever delivered.
She’s the Boss has some drastic short-
comings, however. Most of the songs
sound incomplete, containing a strong

hook without a concrete melody, so‘Mick

 

, I

 

I He'ssot lips g I

Mickis slick,bu

 

 . ’..-1...;..;.;.;..,;m~;emmwrgr'T'" ». I" v'

 

 

 

 

is often lust shouting in synchrony with a
riff. Even the rare middle-eights don't offer
relief to the monotony, as these are mostly
riffs as we'll. Mick wrote six of the song by.
himself and twowith Carlo -'Alomar, and
the absence of half of the Jagger-Richards
songwriting team is sorely obvious. Struc-
turally, She’s the 8655‘ song pale in com-
parison with Stones material. By the way,
it’s not too ironical that the remaining tune '
is one of the most melodious. Lonely at the
Top is actually credited to Jagger-Richards.

 

 

 

UNIVERSITY THEATRE ’PRESEN‘rS i

FlFTHofJULY‘

by LANFORD WILSON

’HIP, FLIP, SLICK, AND TUMULTUOUS
COMEDY !’- New York Daily News.

STUDIO THEATRE PERFORMING ARTS CENTER I

THE UNIVERSITY AT ALBANY

8 pm WEDNESDAY-SATURDAY, MARCH 5-9

. 8:
TUESDAY-SATURDAY. MARCH 12-16

$4.00 STUDENTS/SUNYA STAFF/SENIOR CITIZENS

$6.00 General Public

ALL SEATS RESERVED :2 CALL 457-8606

CONTINUEDON4a V
._ .._ iguana.“ ,, -.-. .a.,..::, A

Primarily . suffering  riff-itls, She's

‘ the Boss ails at times, from the secondary

infection of ovenconventionality. Just
Another Night is perhaps the, most
mainstream pop’tune Jagger hasfe'ver lent
his voice to. This'o'ne features decent
Spanish guitar breaks a la Beck and a lavish
piano section, but as a whole takes no
chances. It's listenable but blatantly
unstimulating. Of course, because it reeks '
so much of accessability to the Top-40
market, it had to be the album's promo-
tional single. lust Anothr Night is just
another pop song. '
Lucky In Love is also contemporary, but
Mick's vocals are 'very’ intense and Beck
lets loose throughout the entire song. This
tune equates love with horse racing and Las
Vegas roulette. This idea is depicted (on the

album Sleeve as Mick's companion slipson -

her clothes while thejl'V fram‘e's a‘close
shot of, the game Show Wheel of Fortune.

- ' Lonely at the Top and Hard Woman are

the album’s best tracks”. They are also the
most Stonesian of the lot. Lonely at the
Top kicks off the, album with a ferocious

‘ .bang. Beck executes an effective Ron

Wood lead guitar impression and the song
actually‘hasa chorus! Hard »Woman is a
slow, Angie-type ballad laced with string.
This‘solemn piece, featuring the acoustic
guitar of Pete Townshend, seems pleasant-
ly out of place on. such a hyperactive

.album,

Some of’the riffy songs are more ex-
citing. Tumthe Girl Loose is a weak song
that is completely salvaged by dynamic
vocxals. This reggae-flavored ditty could
have easily been a throwaway, but Jagger’s
gut-wrenching, animalistic hovVls tearthis
possibility asunder. The man put more
energy into this screamer than he's put into
any recent Stones ,song.

 

   

 

 

      

. ‘Ma‘ieiitlzgfisax  ‘

 

D avid Byme, leader of the Talking

 

 

  

Heads, walks out onto the bare black

stage, carrying a five-anddime tape
recorder and an acoustic guitar. Behindra
lone micrOphone, center stage, he stops,
sole figure on the open dark stage, sporting
a slick white suit, white shirt-no tie, and
slicked back black hair..The calm” before
the storm.

 

Louis Lewis  "

 

Surveying his audience, Byme says, "I’ve
got a tape I'd like to play," puts the
recorder on' the stage and presses play. A -
sparse, driving rhythm explodes from the
loudspeakers as Byme attacks the first

chords of "Psycho Killer." The 'storm has " 

,brokenout. _* I '

So ‘béginsStop Making Sense, the first-
ever‘cohcert' film from the funkiest and ,
most intelligent pop-rock band around, the 3

Talking Heads.‘

The way you view Stop Making Sense
will depend on your expectations. Relative
to most other groups and their concert
films, Sense is fabulous. Amazing rock 'n
roll, intense performances -— all the ingre-
clients of a great concert film. Looking at it
from the mainsteam this is probably what ,
you will see.

" But those outside the mainstream, whose
expectations run deeper than the average
moviegoer, will see something else. To
those "Heads heads" (or Heds-heds), for
whom the band means something special,

, film. He's funny, bizarre, energetic, ex-

 

 

-; '. a. '_ - . v v- . ...,. .. _ ,. : [All I v
..tv1nrl'EE'Hcdda

this film is a let down. Anyone who has
seen the Talking Heads live or appreciates
their talent and intelligence cannot honest-
ly be satisfied by this film. After its
brilliant opening, Stop Making Sense
basically becomes a better-than-most con-
cert film. Many Heads fans, “especially”

’ artsy-intellectual New 'Yorkwc'ritioi have

tried to make Sense into something more
than this. The bubble must burst. As much
as we wish it, Sense just isn’t what it could
be.

David Byrne is one of the most intense
performers around, and he proves it in this

 

pressive and mezmen'zing —- a rock ‘n roll
spectacle. From the moment he begins
grinding out "Psycho Killer,” to the final
frenetic refrains of "T ake Me to theRiv'ér,”
,Byrne is spontaneous combustion behind
the microphone:

But outside of his performance, there is
nothing extraordinary about Sense. And if
you’ve seen the Heads live, you know that
even in this aspect the film falls short.

lntellectually and artistically, neither the
concert nor the filming of It offer enough.
These qualities are among the high points
of the Heads, and if your expectations run

 

 

in this direction you will be let down. Ex-

 

 

cept for a few shining moments by Byme
and a couple of neat slide shows, we’re

- witnessing a concert, nothing more.

The rest of the band performs well dur-
ing the concert, but a Heads fan will find
most of it forgettable.

Ultimately, Stop Making Sense is a good
concert movie. But it does not capture the
essence of one of the most unique and
powerful bands. Not the way that The
Kids are Allrigt‘t captured the essence of
the Who. Not at all. It does capture the
spectacle of David Byme, but not in any
way that brings together this incredible'
performer with his audience, his band or
even his own work. El

   

 

 

seee '1'.le :- ml Footer-s

 

 

 

 

0°

-Creativity counts

GOOD LUCK,

 

 

-Fill in your name and phone number
-Bring your entry up to the ASP office ‘
at CC 329

and may your

entries. . . STOP MAKING SENSE! ‘

ill: MMI:

‘1 ( ‘imxrim

 

pa

MAKING SENSE

' How many of these faces can you identify?

-Flll in your answers on the lines

~

 

 

 

tn 4!; pt»

 

 

 

 

 

 

