26 Sports ALBANY STUDENT PRESS L'J' TUESDAY, MARCH 5, I985 ‘

WPl’s Orville Bailey outd

By Dean Chang
MANAGING EDITOR

it wasn’t supposed to happen this way.
Cancel the ﬂight reservations to Michigan;
there will be no Final Four for the Danes
this year. WPl dashed Albany's
postseason hopes Friday night, but the
Danes have no one to blame but

themselves for this
defeat. 
Analysis

The game promised to
feature four excellent
senior guards; Orville
Bailey and Gregg Fiddes
for the Engineers. and Dave Adam and
Dattny Crotttier for the Danes. Well, the
four came to play that night. Each hit their
first shot of the game, giving notice that
this contest was going to be won or lost
depending on the guards. You already
know who lost.

For most of the game, Adam and
Croutier kept up their end of the bargain.
They shot a collective i3-for-21 from the
field, as opposed to WPl's senior duo's
l3-for-28. But when the game got down to
the final few minutes, Albany's co-
captains were outshined by the heroics of
Bailey.

Bailey was a constant thorn in the
Danes‘ side. dribbling away from a futile
Albany press. finding an open teammate.
or hitting the jumper himself. Nothing the
Danes tried could deactivate Worcester's
main bomb.

“He's the key." said WPl coach Ken
Kaufman. referring to Bailey. When Kauf-
man took Bailey out of the game for a
wellvdescrved rest. the tri-captain said to
his coach. “i've been out too long,
coach." Thirty seconds later. Bailey was
back into the game.

“Shoot the bail. Orville." chanted the
Albany fans who made the two-hour trek
to Worcester. “Orville. shoot the ball." So
Orville shot the ball. Oh, did he ever shoot
the ball. When the Engineers needed a
basket to stay close to the Danes in the se-
cond half. Orville shot the ball. When his
team needed a basket to send the game into
overtime, Orville shot the ball.

“The senior guards did everything that
senior guards should do.“ said Kaufman.
“Our people know the ropes."

So do the guards from Albany. They
know what's expected of them during

crucial moments. With about 10 seconds
left in regulation and the score tied,
Croutier knew the designed play. With six
seconds left in overtime and Albany down
by one, Adam knew the designed play. Yet
neither player executed the play that could
have won the ballgame.

Croutier was supposed to look to the
high post as he reached the top of the key.
instead of passing off. Croutier took a
wild shot that missed everything.

“There was a set play for that situa-
tion," said Albany Head Coach Dick
Sauers. “Croutier's a four-year player; he
didn’t wait for the play."

in overtime, Croutier passed the ball to
Adam in the corner. Adam was to have
passed the ball back to a cutting Croutier
inside. but passing wasn’t on Adam’s
mind. There wasn't any hesitation as
Adam put up a tough shot that didn’t have
a prayer.

The funny thing is. you want these guys
shooting the ball when the Danes need a
basket. When Croutier tried that
ridiculous shot in regulation. there was a
sense of expectation that it would go in.
When Adam took that ill-advised shot in
overtime. the same sense existed.

According to Kaufman. the game came
down to a simple truth: “When we needed
a basket, we hit. The kid 13 (Adam). he
missed." Close. but not quite.

There was the matter of foul shooting.
normally an Albany strong point. The
Danes shot 75 percent from the line this
year. but could only hit 5 of 12 against
Worcester. That’s the game. rigltt there.
Albany could have iced the game by hitting
one of those free throws down the stretch.

According to Sauers. the key play in the
game was when Adam Ursprung was foul~
ed going up for a dunk during a three-on-
one situation. Ursprung missed both his
free throws, giving WPl another chance
too many.

“We had our chances."

Did they ever have their chances.
Albany could have put the last nail in
WPl's coffin on several occasions. but
theyfailcd to do so. They had that game in
their back pockets. but a clever pickpocket
named Orville took advantage of a
pushover.

it should have been Albany’s players all
over the court after the game; it should

Dzamba paces women

By Jeff Mallaber
sour wmtru

Patiettcc is a virttte. and women‘s track
coach Ron White is as virtuous as the next
guy. All through the indoor season. Coach
White has been working with a team that
dots not have enough bodies to be truly
competitive as a team.

Stellar individual efforts by women like
Anita Heath. Bette Dzuntba. and Donna
Burnltatn have been enough to keep the
coach frottt withdrawing ittto a corner and
talking to himself. That. of course. and
Coach White‘s vision of the outdoor
season to come. The coach gets a bit starry
eycd when he speaks of tire prospect of
coaching a whole team outdoors. but that
is understandable. given his frustration ttt
the turnout for the indoor season. Still. the
indoor season hasn't been without its
bright spots. and the State Championships
provided a few.

The name licttc Drtunbtt keeps coming
up. but that's only because she keeps runn-
ing so well. Ditunbn had ltcr finest day of
the season at the States. taking home the
clnunpionship itt tltc 5000 meters. Site
bcstcd the field in n tintc of 18:50.7. and
(‘onclt White was very pleased. llc sttitl.
“'I'hnt's her first really big collcgintc witt.
it Wiln a real breakthrough for licttc."
('ltrts Vullcy also scored lll the 5000. Ink-
ing fifth place in n time of 20:20.].

i ynn incolv. also reached hack for 1| lil»
tic curu at the Statics. lll the [Still ttlclcl".
Jacobs cunn- in fourth itt -l:57.-l, bet per-
mnnl ltcsl. Subsequently. .lttcobs captured

third place in the 3000-nteters in a time of
10:45.4. The coach remarked of Jacobs'
versatility. “To score in two events itt the
conference championships is a pretty nice
achievement. Lynn is continuing to
improve."

Anita Heath continued itt her role as
Albany's best indoor sprinter. Heath grab—
bed second place in the 300 tnctcrs with a
tintc of 44.9 seconds. Coach Wltitc men-
tioned that. wltilc chth has had to do all
the work in the sprints indoors. she would
have a lot of help when the outdoor season
begins. Although Patti Barrctt didn't score
any team points ill the 300 meters. she did
rtttt tltc race in 46.9 which was ltcr best ef-
fort of tltc season.

Heath and Barrett teamed with R0-
scttnne Stttith ttnd Erma George for n
4:42.2 performance lit the 4 x 400 relay
race. Barrett ran ltcr leg itt 1:06. her best
yet. and Coach White was optimistic. He
said, “Patti has shown some real improve-
tttcttt indoors this year. We‘re lookittg for-
ward to sccittg her outdoors."

Certainly. tltc loss of Donna Burnham to
an injury didn’t ltclp tltc Danes too tttttclt.
Donna, one of the year's stcndicst pcr-
formers. stayed home nursing a sore shin
for tile upcoming outdoor scttson. llur-
nlnttn. l)/:nnba. ntul l‘lt‘lllll have done
most of Albany's scoring this year and
('onch White wants to make sure that
Donna is one hundred percent healthy to
11111 outdoors. (‘ortlnud came away with
the clunnpionship, while Albany finished

LUCKEV UPS

Dan Croutier ended a brilliant career in a disappointing fashion against WPl.

have been Adam and Croutier getting the
adulation heaped on Bailey and Fiddes;
and above all. it should have been Sauers
getting the congratulations. and not
Kaufman.

Behind'the interview room, Sauers sat
back in a chair. legs crossed, frustration et-
ched in his every movement. He stared
blankly at the opposite wail, waiting for
the losing coach to have his turn in the in-

terview room. . - l . .

As Sauers walked into the room. Kauf-
man said, “Nice game, coach."

Responded Sauers. "It's nice for y0u.
coach. not nice for me. it’s only nice when
you win." .

Albany defeated Westfield State in the
consolation game. 78-70. Men like Sauers
deserve a better fate than that. Men like
Sauers deserve to be in Michigan. C1

’3 traCk team in States

seventh.

The indoor trackstcrs will continue to
work out for the start of the outdoor
season. The distance runners will put in
what Coach White terms "a low key kind
of week." A lot of athletes in the field

SPORTS BRIEFS
Volleyball club

The volleyball club‘s record stands at
2-4. They face Union away on Wednes-
day. They play at William College on
Thursday. They previously beat Union
itt two strttigltt games and expect to do
as well. Williams is expected to be pretty
strong competition. Once again they
face Union next Tuesday at 7:00 pm in
the University gym.

The men’s vollyball club lost in it
close fifth game of a best three out of
five match to Baruch college last
Wednesday. The deciding game was lost
by two poittts 15-13.

The Albany men cttntc out and won
the first game 15-11. linrttclt retaliated
by clinching the second tutti third guntcs.
15«6,1S‘10. The Danes wcrc able to win
the fourth 15-12. thus taking the match
to the fifth set. where llttruclt slipped
ahead to victory.

Setting on Wednesday were Lecttkcs
ttttd Todd (lniilinrd. ('latillinrd is the best
nil-around Player on the tcuttt tutti plays

 

events have just begun to work out with
the team and Coach White intends to in-
tensify their training to have them ready.
Says White. “i believe in a progressive
training schedule. You start out slow to
bttiid confidence."

See ya’outdoors coach. ‘ El

 

for one of the best local clubs around as
well. They were aided by outside hitters
Bill Blacklock and Pete Simcone as well
as middle hitter Pat Boyle.

Racquetball club

As the racquetball club departcd'on
Friday for Rhodc island to participate
in the Northeastern Regionuls at Pro-
vidence College, they only hoped to bet-
ter their second to last performance of
lttst year. Attd they did. capturing fifth
ottt of 20 teams.

The top performance was turned in by
Gurr Thompson, who won the men’s
first singles for the entire Northeastern
region.

The ’l‘hompson-‘l‘ollin duo reached
the semi-finals lll men's ntttnbcr one
doubles. where they lost to the number
one seed. The Albtuty pair wound up
taking third place.

Francine Fuditn ttttd 1.ol|y Mttlwnld
paired up in tltc women’s first doubles,
where they rcttchcd the finals. They took
second place in the region after losing lit
the finals.

 

 

Womeneager

By Kristine Sauer _
Assmvxresmnrseotron 7 .

By. defeating the topcseeded Albany
State women's basketball team 66-57
Saturday night. the Nazareth Golden
Fiyers captured their second consecutive
ECAC upstate New YorkY Division 111
championship. ‘ ' . "

Thus the season ended for the Danes in a
cloud of defeat rather than the preferred
perfect ending to their‘ perfect season. The
week-long cloud, brought on by SUNYAC-
champions. Buffalo State and ECAC
champions. Nazareth College. disappears
when considering this was the only dreary
period in the Danes’ entire 84-85 season.
Nothing can take away their amazing 23-4
ﬁnal record.

The fact still remains that they lost to
Nazareth, who on Saturday night, simply
played a better ball game. Nazareth led for
a substantial portion of the game. the ﬁnal
33 minutes to be exact. .

“We did not play well." said 'Albany

Head Coach Mari Warner. “We came out
pretty stale and our offense was non-‘
existent. Basically. Nazareth was a better
team. They won that ball game fair and
square.”
. To get into the ﬁnals. Nazareth beat
RPl 77-63 on Friday night. The Golden
Flyers were up by 21‘ in the second half,
but their lead dwindled sliglttly as Coach
Mike Deciilis played all of his players for
at least four minutes. _

in the finals. Nazareth broke out into
the first lead of the game by outscoring the
Danes 90 in a three minute spree. At the
13% minute mark of the first half. the
Golden Flycrs went from down one to up
eight as Tim Lowe. fruit off the bench.
scored on a lay-up their a baseline jumper,
which was followed by two baskets and
one frcethrow by Denise Hickey. That was
the last time the Danes would have the
lead. The Nazareth momentum continued
as they built an 1 I point half-time.advan-
tage, 34-23. '

The Danes’ defensive plan was to play a
2-1-2, packing in the key to try and keep
the ball from the inside. where Heidi Hig-
gins. who scored 17 points the night
befOre'. usually is found. The Danes
achieved what they set outto do. as Hig-
gins, .lean Rasey and Eileen Bowes. the in-
side players for Nazareth, combined for. 13

Relay. gives third to tracksters in S

By tan Clements
STAFF WRITER

The clutch performance of its
4x400-meter relay team enabled the
Albany State men's indoor track team to
squeeze into third place in the SUNYACs
held at Plattsburgh Saturday.

‘ Going into the next~to-last event, the'

Danes trailed Buffalo State by one-half
point. and the relay found itself in the un-
fortunate position of having to run in the
slower unseeded heat.

Undaunted. the team of John Reilly.
Pat Saccocio (52.0). Ed Levy and Mike
Riggins blew away the other teams in their
heat. They then watched as each team in
the seeded section. except Fredonla, failed
to beat their time of 3:33.15. Buffalo State
finished .07 secondsbehind Albany. The
Danes moved ahead of the Bengals into
third in the team standings.

Albany cll‘hched third in the final event.
the 4x800-meter relay, by placing fifth.
one position ahead of Buffalo State. The
team of Charles Blanchet. Ed McGill.
Craig Parlato and Jim Erwin ran 13:25.9.

In the team battle, Fredonla‘ had little
trouble claiming its third consecutive title.
Their score of 173 was 71 points better
than Cortlattd‘s. The Danes scored 66
points. while Buffalo State had 63%
points. There were nitte teams entered in
the fifth annual meet.

The other “highlight” of the meet for
Albany. according to Coach liob Mtutsey.
was the 3,000-nteter rttn. in which the
Danes scored 12 points. their highest total
for one event. '

- ' ‘ TUESDAY, MARCH 5, I985  ALBANY STUDENTPRESS  

 

Sup'set by Nazareth

 

 

Albany State’s Diane Fernandes battles for a rebound.

first half points.

What the Danes couldn’t account for
was the 16 points on pure outside shooting
from players Kris Sntith. who sltot 3-6.
and Lowe. who shot '4-4.

“When we first came out we did a super
job on defense." said coach Warner. “We
were playing a packed 2-1-2. not allowing
the ball inside. i told‘ them not to worry if
they score one or two frotn the outside. We
weren't sticking to what 1 wanted. which
was to pack inside unless we were going
out on the shoulder. You can‘t leave
Nazareth just to shoot open shots. you
have to out on them."

in the second half. the Danes outscored
the Golden Flyers 34-32. which just wasn‘t
enough to make up for their first half
deficit. ‘

With 5:33 remaining in the game.
Nazareth had its biggest lead at 57-38. The

Again. the Purple had to overcome the
unseeded heat handicap. Freshman Patty
Paul (8:58.43) and junior Kevin Sheehan
(8:592) ran away from the field in the
“slow” section. They were able to score
because only three runners in the "fast"
section had quicker times. One of those
three was sophomore Tim Hoff. The
Bronx native placed third in 8:55.7. a time
less than two seconds shy of the state meet
qualifying standard.

Albany’s only individual winner was
(surprise1)Marc Mercurlo in the 35-pound
weight. The splendid senior tossed the
weight 50'10". “not a very good throw,"
according to Munsey. but good enough to
beat his closest rival by almost two feet.

The easy victory was Mercurlo's fifth in
six meets. He will face his stiffest competi-
tion of the season Friday when he travels
to Bates College in Lewiston. Maine to
compete in the Division 111 nationals.
There. he will attempt to revenge his only
loss of the campaign (to Union's Scott
Remlllard) and to win his first national
title.

“He's ranked third or fourth right now,
but that's a crazy thing. no one‘s that far
ahead of him." said Munsey. “He could
win it. he could finish third. 1 don't titluk
he'll be below third." Munscy added.

0n the track. the Danes picked up two
third place mcduls from runners who have
been weakened by illness recently. John
Reilly battled that debilitating disease
known ilS "s10wheat" to place third in the
400-meter run. Munsey culled his split of
51.45. “a real breakthrough." Jim Erwin

Danes were now playing a jump and run
defense, which is a man to man type of
press. This defense. plus the better offen-
sive play. drew Albany within six points.
As Kim Kosalek sank two frcctltrows. the
Dane surge began. Rainny Lesattc passed
inside to Kosalek for two more and follow-

ed that with an outside shot of ltcr own. as

did Ronnie Patterson. Witlt 57 seconds left

- on the clock the Danes had cttt the lead by

outscoring Nazareth 17-4. in the last five
tninutes of the game. Kosalek scored 9 of
lteriil points. The Dane comeback wasn‘t
fast enough to outrun the clock as the
buzzer sounded with Nazareth ahead
66-57.

“it was too much too late." said
Warner. “Now the last seven ntittutcs we
played ball. Offense was the problem. 1
can’t think our defense was that bad. i was
{real proud of our team in those last

also broke through. He lowered his best
1.500-meter time of the season by five
seconds in rttnning 4:05.6 to qualify for
the state meet.

Sophomore Jack Glaser was fifth in the
1.500 (4:14).

in one of the toughest fields of the day.
the 5,000-meter run. Ed McGill placed
fourth. The Charlestown native’s time of
15:18.2 was his best of the season but was
far behind that of Cortiand‘s Tim
Wunsch. 'who won in a blazing 14:47.6.

“Ed hasn't settled down to a real good
time yet." said Munsey. "he‘s not getting
in two hard practices each week and that's
hurting him."

Junior Bruce Van Tassel was Albany‘s
ﬁnal scorer in the individual rttnning
events. His time of 8.0 in the 55-meter high
hurdles was good enough for fifth.

Freshman Clinton Bell was not fast
enough to score in the 800-meter rttn
despite splitting 2:01.2.

The Dane distance medley skipped one
lap en route running a fine 10:16. Credit
for the crrorf must go to the officials who
sent the unchormen onto the track one lilp
too early.

“The Plattsburgh officials were
negligent and incompetent," charged
Albany's Tom Kacnndcs. whose
1.200-ntctcr leg was shortened by the
tttiscue. “They should never host a major
meet ttgnin." he added.

The incident allowed Fredonia to move
closer to the Duties since Kacttndes'
finishing kick was cut short. Purlato run it
tough tutcltor leg but was unable to withs-

LUCKEV UPS '

inECACs

minutes. We hadn’t done that jump-run
defense in a long time. We converted on
Nazareth's mistakes. which we hadn't
done against Buff State."

The run_a"nd jump press was supposed to
catch Nazareth off guard and it did.
“That‘s the ﬁrst time a pass bothered us."
said Deciilis. “For the last ten minutes we
hung on rather than played." This jump

I and run press is tiring and can't be played

for a whole half. I

“We put on our run and jump press
which forced them to turnover," said
Lesane. “i think we should have done it at
the beginning of the second half when we
were down and then we could have slowed
it up and put our offense together. it
worked good. but it was too late.”

Although the Danes outrcboundcd the
Flyers 40-31. the Danes‘ offensive execu-
tion led to their problems. For Nazareth.
Hickey scored 10 points. Rasey scored 11.
and Kris Smith was high scorer with 15
points. Higgin was held to only 8 points.
while Lowe, who averages 1'/: minutes a
game. scored 13 points shooting 6 for-6
from the field and one for-one from the
freethrow line.

“i put Tina in because she‘s the quickest
girl on the.tcam." said Deciilis. “1 wanted

A her in there to guard Rainny. She wanted

to go in and play the best player on the
other team."

High scorer for the Danes was Lori
Bayba scoring 16 points frottt tltc field.
Bayba was followed by Lcsunc with 14.
Kosalck with 11 and Patterson with 10.
which were all off the floor.

“1 think we didn‘t try to get the bull in-
side." said Kosalek. “We were relying on
our outside shooting more. bill should
have relied on the tttiddle more." Lesanc
agreed. “1 don’t even think i looked dou'n "
low in the beginning."

The fact that they hadn't played in at
week hurt the Danes as well. as did not
playing the night before. “\\'ltcnc\‘cr
you're off for a week it hurts." said
Warner. "i would have preferred playing
Friday night. Wchn you‘re itt a champion-
ship gamc you want to play it game to earn
the spot. granted all season lottg we earned
it."

I For seniors Chris Camntttta. Nancy
Grasso and Patterson. Saturday night‘s

UN YA Cs

tnnd the charge of tltc Bittc Dcvils’ Kevin
Rumsey. Other Danes on the second place
squad were Dave Blcitc (EGO-meters in
2:01.5) and Saccocio MOO-meters itt 52.0).

Newcomers Cttrt Wiedman and Pat
Dowling pole vaulted 13‘ and 12'6" to
finish fourth and sixth.

Albany also picked up a sixth in the tri-
ple jump, with Paul Mance leaping 43‘10
1/4".

The Danes were hampered by a lack of
depth. They failed to score in seven of the
eighteen events.

That weakness may haunt them March
15 and 16 when they travel to Cortland for

. the state meet. “1 don't think we‘ll do well

.n the meet. team-wise," Mttnsey said.

The team discovered Saturday that it
meet they thought they had won was ac-
tually a loss.

Albany had "beaten" Pltttlsburgh on
February 16 because a Cardinal relay was
.lisqualified on the grounds tltnt its an-
chorman wore a 'f-shirt under his uniform
top. Munsey and the Plattshurgh conch
bud consulted it 1984 rulebook at the little.
When they checked the 1985 edition Satur-
day. they discovered that thc rttie had been
repealed and the controversial T-shlrt was
legal.

Albany's amended duui tncet record is
3 - S.

The Duties ctutnot be charged with in-
consistency. in the five indoor SUNYACs
that have been held so far. Albuny has
finished nowhere else but third. l l

 

