 

t.

(letting (lawn to bu

Tetterton. Jolm Wilde aml Juliius 'l'illt'ry await job interviews

The ConservatiVe Student w

There’s an unmistakable new mood on American campuses—but will it last?

'I'hey descended on H'hshington by the
thousands. from campuses as diverse as
Berkeley and Ole Miss, to celebrate a Iri-
umph: the second lIqugura/itut oj'Ronu/d
lh'agan. [imitated-down and attentive. they

reveled in Ihe pomp and pageanh'y. buxked in “

visions o/‘peace and applauded the “opportu-
nity weier " they hope lies ahead. They also
delivered a message: Ilia! a growing number

Q/‘J‘Ollllljlll .-tmerieam think it is all right to ‘

salute the ﬂag. free ante/Wire and tradition-

al values. “I (Ian '1 think it 's ntalerialivtic Io ‘

want a elinulte ofﬂxwlont in which you can
are the gt'jl.\' God gave you to acquire some
property and build a hmue and raise your
family. " raid national College Republican
chair/nan David Miner. "You're not on this
earth to discuss ideology and lie around in
tattered clothes like a ltlp/Il you ‘re supposed
to get busy and shape up. "

No matter how 'arct'ully programmed
this collegiate turnout. the sentiments, the
sheer youthful joy of the N85 inaugural
would have been unthinkable 10 years ago.

(1

But there's a new conservatism on campus.
and the presidential campaign brought it
home in terms no one could ignore. Across
the country. legions ot'stndcnts turned out
to register new Republicans—and signed

up 320,000 between April and October ‘

ttlone. On election night. students voted
for Ronald Reagan by the same 3-2 mar-
gin as the rest of the nation. And through-

out the 'ampaign. polls revealed that the .

youngest voters—those between the ages
of 18 and 24—showed the strongest alle-
giance of all to America‘s scptuagcnarian
patriarch.

Politics is not the only evidence of the
new mood. Schools froth llrown to Berkeley
report a battcning down. a retrenchment. a
caution reﬂected in e -rything from de-
crcased drug use to slicked~up dres. The
riotous rebellions of the late '60s and early
'70s seem to lutvebeen replaced by a getting-
down-to-business ethic. The 10th annual
survey of freshmen hy UCLA Prof. Alex-
ander Astin. for instance, shows that (17.8
percent ol'tllis year's Cl't)])-—-ll record—lists

making more money as a “very important‘
reason for attending college.

Sororities and fraternities are back in :
torce: at the University ofMichigan, where ‘
membership was so low a decade ago that ,

totals weren‘t officially recorded. 18 per-
cent of the student body now belongs to
Greek houses. Curriculum control is
tighter—with student approval. Even
schools like Hampshire College itt Am-
herst, Mass. founded in 1970 to provide
highly individualized programs. are crack-
ing down on requirements, partly to attract
moreapplicants. Hair . .horter(one Brown
student pegs the prevailing male style as a
blend of punk and Reagan—“hair that
seems to get wider as it goes up“) and
clothes are preppier. (John Coca, it NOW
Dame senior. “ 'ribes the "beautiful peo-
ple“ on campus: “khaki pants. button-down
shirts. Lands' End sweaters and Corduro)
hats——attd they never wear socks, not ever.
in negative lilo-degree weather.") And al
though there are still causes like nuclearwai
and South At‘ri 'an investment that can rail)

NIiWSWl-IISK ()N CAMPUS/MARCH I'lt

 

 

 

' Vists. the prevailing
concern seems to be looking out
for No. 1

Why the change? Parents, pro-
fessors and pundits—themselves
often alumni of the fractions
‘60s—speak of the “youthful
blues“ or “the disillusioned gen-
eration," and there seems to be
some truth to the insight. Today's
students lived through Watergate,
the demoralizing end of the Viet-
nam War. the energy crisis and
four painful recessions. Many of
them profess \veariness with the
old liberal agenda, a perception
that it—and the campus unrest of
the ‘GOS—did little for the well-
being ofindividuals or the world.
At Minnesota's Carleton College.
still more liberal than many
schools, a crowd of students
threatened to storm the career-
plaeement center in January be-

F'HOTOS BY JACQUES M. CHENET—Ntuswlu

ARK .1:

norms

The Rev. Jerry Falwell, Darlene Pope of Studeulsﬁir America: A chorus of ¢‘()Il.\'l.'l’l'(lll re voices

 

‘ause a CIA recruiter was cott-
ducting job interviews. But senior David
Sheehan spoke for others in a newspaper
commentary: “1 found myselfagitated by
the sanctimony and apparent thoughtless-
ness of the protesters. This demonstration
accomplished nothing useful."

Many students call themselves “prag-
matic“—and the freshman poll bears them
out (page 9). Only one out of ﬁve freshmen
now calls himself a "liberal" (compared
with one in three in 1970). and 71.2 percent
list being “very well off ﬁnancially“ as a
prime objective in life (against 39.] percent
in 1970). Yet on social issues. attitudesdon‘t
sound so conservative. Nixie out of 10 say
“women should receive the same salary and
opportunities for advancement as men in
comparable positions“ (only 22.4
percentagreethat“theactivitiesof
married women are best conﬁned
to the homeand family“). and 46.8
percent think “iftwo people really
like each other, it‘s all right for
them to have sex even if they‘ve
known each other for only a very
short time."

There are. ofcourse some True
Believers—and one reason college
conservatives seem so prominent
isthat they are getting tnore organ-
ized. Matty have founded conser-
vative newspapers as alternatives
to the established campus press
(page 12). Students for America—

a nine-month-old group that
champions free enterprise, a
strong national defense and God
——held its first national convert-
tion in Washington on Inaugural
weekend. Delegates passed resolu-
tions that classed abortion and
homosexuality as illegal and
endorsedtheitttroductionot'elass-
room prayers and the teaching of

NEWSWEEK 0N CAMPUS/MARCH l‘lllS

i

creationism. They weregiven a rousing wel-
come by eonservative stars like Phyllis
Schlaﬂy, North Carolina Sen. Jesse Helms
and the Rev. Jerry Falwell. Falwell noted
with pleasure the fact that conservative
voices now resound in academe: “I can
recall just 10, 15 years ago I would go to
campuses—and you would literally take
your life in your hands."

“When I tell students now that! saw 1.500 .

students on Ihe Green at a rally to discuss
educational reform. /hey look at me like
I ‘In talking about a man from outer space. “
says Brown politieal-seienw Prof Edward
N. Beiser. “When I came here I would
teach Henry David Thoreau's ‘Essay on

Civil Disobedience‘ in one ofmy L‘Olll'A‘L‘X. I
taught it because I thought it was weak. The
students would like it. and I would knock
down the argument from conscience that
Thoreau make ‘. Today i! is very di/j'iculr to
gel students to take seriously the orgmnent

“ in Thoreau ‘x essay. 1 have to work very hard

to get students to lake the claim of cott-
science seriously. "

l’art ofthe difference today. of course. is
that the issues themselves have changed.
What galvanized the student protesters of
the 'bOs were concerns that were directly
related to their own lives—or their immedi-
ate surroundings. On the international
plane was a war—and a draft—that affected

 

 

