  

n)? .,. . .,..  ,._. .... W,  .. .  .  . 
 ALBANYSTUDENT PRESS El WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 6, I985  .

Fear of AIDS sparks antagonismztoward gays .‘

Fayetteville, Arizona
COLLEGE PRESS SERVICE — Soon after 8
psychologist 'yisited the University, of
Arkansas campus last Spring to urge that
gays be quarantined to stop the spread of
AIDS, Gay Pride Week in Fayetteville
became an unusually traumatic episode.
‘ Members of gay and lesbian groups were

‘ verbally assaulted in letters and newspaper

advertisements, and threatened with a
makeshift bomb that fizzled before its
makers could detonate it properly.

“It made us nervous because they were
so loud and so adamant,"said Linda
Lovell, an ofﬁcer of the university’s gay
and lesbian group. “There’s no question
AIDS is being used as an excuse to mask
hatred of gays,” she said.

While campuses never have been very
friendly to gay groups--heterosexual
students. administrators and even state
legislators in Oklahoma, Texas.
Washington, D.C., Maryland and other
places regularly have tried to ban or hob-
ble the groups--college medical officials
said intensiﬁed anti-gay activity is likely to
be one of the ﬁrst signs AIDS hysteria has
spread to campuses. '

It could get worse, if AIDS (aquired im-
mune deficiency syndrome) becomes
widespread in the heterosexual communi-
ty. Most health ofﬁcials noted that,
statistically, every college campus in the
United States soon can expect to have at
least one student, teacher or administrator
with AIDS.

And many said that without preventive
measures, it's only a matter of time until
the hysteria now swirling around primary
and secondary schools precedes the disease
to colleges.

A number of national higher education
groups already are trying to fashion
guidelines for coping with the disease and
the fears surrounding it.

“It’s going to depend on the extent of
the educational efforts made by institu-

 

tions,?' said Dr. Richard Keeling of the
University of ' Virginia medical center.
chair of an AIDS task force established by

the American College Health Association. ‘

“If college ofﬁcials take a narrow
perspective and make little in the way of an
educational effort, rumors and discontent
will fester," Keeling warned, “and col-
leges will get swept along in the same AIDS
hysteria that affects other segments of
society."

Experts fear a massive disruption of col-
lege life: students fleeing dorms, teachers
insisting their ofﬁces be moved' far from
colleagues with the disease, students refus-
ing to take classes taught by AIDS victims.

Keeling said in the dozen or so cases in
which administrators have had to deal with
AIDS victims, they have responded
correctly.

But Lovell thinks Arkansas officials
were part of the problem.

“Our administration does not feel any
ethical or moral need to provide informa-
tion on AIDS or to make public comment
when others spread false information,”
she complained. "They let a speaker who
calls for the quarantine of gays come to
campus, and they don’t say a word about
Dr. Robert Wirag, director of the
university‘s health center, said his staff
was prepared to respond to inquiries about
AIDS. But he said it would have been a
mistake to make an unsolicited public
presentation at the time. “If we had, we
would have poured more fuel on that
emotionally-charged fire," he said.

Lovell, however, noted the uproar
dissipated after state health ofﬁcials held a
press conference in Fayetteville and brand-
ed the anti-gay rhetoric false and irrespon-
sible. “That took a lot of the arguments
away from the anti-gay crowd." Lovell
said.

AIDS fears apparently also, prompted
onlookers at a University of Texas parade

o-o

last spring to {verbally assault and pelt gay
marchers with beer bottles, rocks and
garbage: vi ‘3, zj ' * ‘ A t
. "The violence was.justiﬁed,’."a liberal
arts major subsequently Wrote to the UT
student newspaper. "At least greeks give
aid to the community instead of AIDS."

But Keeling said he hopes college of-
ﬁcials can repeat their recent success in
calrrring fears about herpes. “At one
time,” he said, “people thought herpes
was the end of the world.”

“But if it appears that (AIDS) is, seeping
into the heterosexual population, then
we’re going to see some real problems on
college campuses," predicted Dr. Kevin
Patrick, director of the student health
center at San Diego State.

Additionally, students living in close
dorm quarters may be more frightened of
catchingthe disease.. ’ r

Quality teaching
45

are presented to me about a cgrrse, I speak
with the students and I speak with the pro-
fessor involved and in the past I have
found that we have always been able to
come to some optimal arrangementﬂ’he
said.

Jenkins said that if students are not_

satisfied with the results obtained at a

departmental level, they sould then contact

Hamilton. ‘ -
According to Hamilton, two complaints

have been brought to his attention this.

semester. “I have received on complaint
about the math departmentand I have

received one corriplaiiﬂ. about the 
ﬁasco about FIN 300 and thoseare the on» 

ly two academic complaints I have received
this semester," he said. Hamilton added
that his ofﬁce'usually receives two or three
academic complaints per semester.

The university administration can quick-
ly become involved in a complaint initiated

by a student, Hamilton said. “It gets up _,

Decisions. about letting AIDS victims
live in dorms should bemade on a case-by-
casebasis. members ofrthe task force Keel-
ing heads said in‘la preliminary statement
issued last month. ~ .

There's no need to isolate afflicted-

teachers. either. There is no medical

reason to keep professors with AIDS from _
teaching classes. San Diego State’s Patrick

said;
Keeling declined to identify schools
where ofﬁcials learned they.had.students.

. faculty or staff \vho either had or had been

exposed t0'the AIDS virus. Between.ﬁve
and 20 percent of those who test positive
for the virus later develop the disease.

But a University of Colorado student
was diagnosed as having AIDS several
yearsago. Thegvictirn soonthereafter was
unable to attend class, and died some 20 to
22 months later. .

quite fast," he said. “It goes from the

chairman to about as high as it can go and .

if it determined that it is a really serious
problem and maybe the chair recognizes
that it is a serious problem, it is certainly
possible to reassign a_‘faculty member in
the middle of. the semester if there is just
an intolerable situation."-

Many complaints result from students
who do not actively listen to a professor's

lecture, Hamilton said. “When I lecture. I

say to students, ‘For goodness sakes, if
you don't understand something, raise
your hand and ask because you probably

"aren’t the only one that isn't understan-
-ding..’ but everyone sits back‘and thinks
they are theronly one," he said.

The administration responds to‘all com- ‘

plaints, regardless of the magnitude of the
particular situation, Hamilton Said. "If
there's only onestudent complaining in the
course, 'I can’t assume that's the only stu-

: dent that's’dissatisfied so you have to res-

pond to everything."he said.

 

 

' Do you have any questions, about your career in science?

 

GEOLOGY
PHYSICS
BIOLOGY

 

 

NOVEMBER 8th -10:OO-2:OO

OUTSIDE THE

LECTURE CENTERS

 

GROU PS PARTIC IPATING:

COMPUTER SCIENCE
MINORITY SCIENCE
WOMEN IN SC

 

IENC E

 

SPONSORED BY THE DEEN’S COUNCIL OF THE COIIEGE
OF SCIENCE AND MATHEVIKTICS

CHEMISTRY
PRE-HEALTH
MATHEMATICS

   
  
   
    
   

 

         
   
     
   
   
 
     
 
   

 

 

 

._ I
W. V ‘. ~ _ g
11“” j. a 7‘ c: 1... .lg  . ,_ V. r.

Imag
of
Women

a slide presentation

by
Jean
Kilbourne

 

THE ISSUES RAISED INCLUDE THE:

Objectification of women

Negative attitude toward maturity in women

Caricaturing of femtnuu" ‘ 'ty and masculinity , .
Limited presentatlon of role and career options

Exploitation of sexuality
Fostering of competition among women

Tyranny of the aesthetic ideal . . . .
- Glonficatlon of Violence against women

Sexualization of little girls

$2 admission tickets go on sale at 2:00 pm
Nov. 11 at 1:30 pm CC Ballroom

Sponsored by Speaker’s Forum, Feminist Alliance,
NYPIRG, Women’s Studies, Affirmative Action, '

and SA.

T“ " NAKED“ mum

Advertising’s

My... .,.4 -.

WERNEEDAXWOYEMBER£19810 ALBANYSWDENTPRESS 19,

  

 

 

 

    
 

.L‘

 

