  

mm“... ........~-a.1-e.....w..i.- . t... WC."

 

  

‘ :W'Vr'r'wt -, w. «-

 

  
 

contraceptives

Sex is always one of the hottest issues on cam-
pus. lt’s probably the most common topic of
conversation. as well as a frequent pasttime for
many students. Middle Earth gets more than
twice as many sex related calls as any other con-
cern.ln 1984 alone. 500 students contacted Mid-
dle Earth seeking advice on sexual matters.

Yet birth control is extremely inaccessible to
many on-campus students. While Planned
Parenthood offers a full range of contraceptives,
they're only on campus for a couple of hours
twice a week. The bookstore doesn't sell any
kind of birth control, and Paul Arnold. Director
- of UAS Vending services, says he there's never
been any demand for condom vending
machines.

Bookstore officials say they hadn’t given the
issue much thought. They should. With more
than 6.000 sexually mature students living in the
dorms, there's clearly a need to at least examine
the accessibility of birth control and sexuality
counseling on campus.

Although its possible that some students may’
be more comfortable purchasing birth control.
off campus. there are a number of on campus
alternatives that deserve consideration. Vending
machines. the bookstore. and student health ser-
vices are all possible locations for the sale of
birth control. This would not be promoting sex;
it would be encouraging students to be
responsible.

Several weeks ago. the students at Union Col-
lege. in Schenectady. demanded that their
bookstore sell birth control. The managers
refused. saying that students should receive
counseling with their birth control.

Our bookstore ofﬁcials have no policy gover-
ning contraceptives. They should give some
thought to the student interest. it seems bizarre
that they could rationalize selling pornographic
magazines that objectify women and perpetuate
violent myths. and not be able to justify the
legitimate need for accessible contraceptives.

Dr. Ruth will be here tonight. What will she
say?

Screwing
the students

it’s good that contraceptives are available to
off-campus students because they're being
screwed by the city and university
administrations.

The city has gone back on its word to wait un-
til June to begin enforcement of the grouper
law. Several landlords have alraedy been taken
to court. The fines, legal fees. and costs of
renovating the houses to comply with the law
will ultimately be passed on to the students. in
the form of higher rent rates. in addition. some
landlords are renting houses with four and five
bedrooms to only three students at only a slight-
ly reduced rent rate.

Our university officials. who have in the past
shown that they can have a lot of pull with the
city administration. have done very little to pio-
tect the students or provide housing alternatives.
Earlier this year. several administrators said they
were looking into numerous housing
possibilities. Since then nothing's been done.

Student Affairs Vice President Frank Pogue
has said that the city plans to begin cracking
down on ‘flagrant‘ violators of the grouper law.
He offers no Specifics. The off campus housing
office has been very helpful in advising students.
but little guidance has come front anyone ll] rm
official capacity.

So. if you're an off-campus strident you might
want to make a quick stop to pick up sortie eon-
traccplivcs. because its the only protection

COLUMN;-

 

 

you’re likely to get.

 

//

   

 

T‘ng l5 Bio, d..D. I’M TaLKiNG -'.
.. Box OFFiCe. IT’s aswrma .
/ Te‘RRiFic acToR, See, BUT He
caN'T GeT any Pam‘s. WHY?
Because He’s BLaCK.’

can we GeT
ReDFoRD “lb

   
   

  

   
 

 

  
     

 

 

Student activism —Alive in ’85

Contrary to popular belief. Student Activism is alive
and prospering in l98.. No longer 0 it possible .or po..ti-
clans to ignore the demands and interests of students.
More students are registered to vote. and going to the
polls. than ever before. The techniques that students have
developed to articulate their demands to politicians are
more sophisticated teddy than at any time in ot.. histu.y.
The voices of students are being. heard loud and clear
throughout the halls of political power. and in New York
State. NYPiRG is a major reason why.

LJoseph Hilbert“ ' i 

NYPiRG was for nded in 1973 by a group of New York
College students wl.o were disturbed by many things they
were witnessing ir their society. They saw government
making political .‘ccisions wi.ii dangerou .ly little studnit
input. These dec'sions were affecting the quality of the
water students frank and the air they breathed. where
they lived and voted. and whether or not they could af-
ford to attend college. in other words. virtually every
facet of their lives. These students reacted by deciding to.
establish .. powerful lK-I‘CC by which students. in citizms.
could effectively teach themselves how to inﬂuence the
political decisions affecting their lives. The result of this
was the New York Public interest Research Group.

Today NY PlRG is a major statewide student organiza-
tion with chapters on l8 college campuses. NYPiRG is
governed by a Board of Dirtetors composed entirely of
students who are democratically elected by students on
their campuses. At each campus. including SUNYA.
NYPiRG works to teach students how to become active
citizens in the democratic process. NYPiRG‘s main areas
of concern have been consumer protection. environmen-
tal presermtlon. corporate and gotermnent actonntaliili-
ty. and higher education. . . -

Since 1973. NYPiRG has fought to increase students
rights and power. The struggle has produced many vic-
tories. Orte of NYPlltCi's early successes was passage of
the Truth-in-Tcsting Law. Due to NYPlRCr's work.
students are ablt to acquire .opies of ill. questions ..ud
answers from standardized tests. resulting in tens of
thousands of students having their scores raised.

The struggle for a safe and healthy environment has
also been led by NYPiRG. in 1982. NYPiRG successfully
overcame the opposition of the chernicnl industry trritl saw
the email. it of it SltllL‘ Superfund I.) start clctmmg tip .he
more than 1.000 toxic dumpsites in the state. it was
NYPiRG‘s broad base of students support that helped
make the Superfund ii reality and bring New York one
step closer to a healthy enviromneut for all. NYPIRG‘s
work on the environment has been covered by 6!)
.\Iinutcs. imd in .he New i’oik Times tint. Neumveek. its

well as other publications. .

Another injustice successfully addressed was that of
student voting rights in Albany. NYPiRG. working with
SASU and Student Action. fought for and won the right
for SUNY-Albany students to vote in their college com-
munity. .‘his has ctrtainly increased the .ower of
students. .

Many student groups on this campus have fought to in-
crease government funding for higher education. and
NYPiRG has been one of the leading ones. Along with
Student Action and SASU. NYPiRG has been instrumen-
tal in keeping 5L NY tuition affordable and the TAP p.0-
gram viable.

NYPiRG is responding to the federal attack on higher
education by mounting a petition and letter-writing drive
on campus to register student opposition to this latest in-
justice aimed at all of us. Once again. working closely
with SASU and Student Action. NYPiRG will be lett.ug
members of Congress hear students demands for ade-
quate funding for higher education. NYPiRG will also be
publishing a Higher Education newsletter so that students
can more effectively oppose the cutbacks in financial aid.

NYPiRG's work in all these areas has been possible not
only due to student support ..u the issues. Students have
shown their support five times since 1974 to fund
NYPiRG at SUNY-Albany through the student activity
fee. Every two years. NYPiRG asks the student body to
continue funding NYPiRG (currently at $3 per semester)
and every two years students have voted overwhelmingly
to do so. By asking t..e student body to fund NYPMG
directly. NYPIRG‘s accountability to student concerns is
assured. Without the stability ofour funding system. our
multi-yenr campaigns for Trutli-in-Tcsting. the Super-
fund. and student voting rights would never have
occurred.

it is clear from NYPiRG’s .ecord that s.udents support
the work the organization does for them. Students realize
the need for a powerful statewide organization to fight to
increase and protect their rights and power. and teach
them important citizenship skills. Students recognize the
need to take the knowledge they have acquired in the
classroom .md apply i. to “real wt .ld“ concert.» that d-
feet them its citizens. NYPIRG has long succeeded in
meeting both these needs.

Perhaps most important of all. we students know that
our campus. and our life oti it. does not exist in it
vttcuum. We live in a political world and are affected by
ttii unhealthy environment. consumer r.p-ol'fs and .m
escalating arms rticc. just its every other citizen in this
state and tuition is. Utilizing its broad base of student
support. NYPiRG has led the fight to safeguard the lil-
lL‘t‘L‘SH of students its cltirens.

We're winning that fight! I 1

Applications are being accepted for the paid position of Editorial Pages Editor.
Applicants must have .1 knowledge of campus issues and current- events. Call

Dean or John at 73380.

 

 

 

 

 

r,' a.)

. O ’

Before you register
To lhe Editor: '

Monday. Mai.h 25. l985 .epresents the first day. t..at
students will be pre-registering for classes under the new
Add-Drop'policy. This new policy takes effect in Fall
l985 and drastically affects the time limit on adding and
dropping classes.

l strongly urge ALL students to look at Page XIX of i

the Fall lass Schedule of Classes. .\ftcr reading this new

policy. register. for your classes wisely. Under this new

policy one will have only IO days to drop a class before
receiving a “W” on one's permanent transcript.

While this policy may or may not be fair. it is the new

policy and will be enforced.

, —St¢ve Lanrlls

Central Concil Representative

University Senator

March in April

To the Editor: —

We are writing to encourage te SUNYA community to
join in an. important series of aoivities to p.otesi .he
Reagan administration's attack on the people at home
and abroad. '

April l9-22 will be four days of national protest in
Washington D.C. for “Peace. Jobs and Justice." On
Saturday. April 20th there will be a massive march and
rally. The other .liree days will include tJueational and
cultural events. and lobbying and non-violent civil
disobedience on Monday. April 22nd.

The four demands of the actions are: “l. Stop U.S.
military intervention in Central America. Support human
freedom and dignity by also ending intervention in the
Caribbean. the Midtde East. Asia. the Pacific. and
Europe. 2. Create jobs: cut the military budget. Provide
for human needs and challenge racism and discrimination
based on sex and sexual orientation. 3. Freeze and reverse
the arms race beginning with a halt on the testing. pro-
duction. and deployment of nuclear weapons. 4. Oppose

 

' "  ‘* 'c/‘iispects-~-

‘ Enrollth In 191.
' Heidi Jo "with. Editor In or -i

Dean Chang. John Keenan. Managing Edtlon
James O‘Sulllvan
...... ..Mlchnllo Bushor
.Tom Kaelndu. Rina Young

Man.- .‘IIA'. .
Aunt-lo New: Editor
ASP.“- Edna

     

.Alaoelalo Boom Editor .......Kriulne San-r

 

Jerry camptcno. David L.L. Lntrln. Senior Editor:

Contribullnn Editor. Joseph Fueco. Wayne Purcboom. .Iudy Torol
Editorial Anlsilnlar Kan Dornbn- at. Bella Dumbo Cathy Eula. Erie ""Idln.
llano Weinatein. David Werihatm stall vulture: Dam-r- Abrahrimar. unnna
Altman. Rachel araanw. Leslie Chalt. Johanna Clancy. Doreen Clark. Jacquie
Clark. tan Clements. Charla: Coon. Beth Flnrieraii. Bob Nanlon. Lisa Jackal.
Muldl Kun. Donna MIcKanzle. Jail Mallaber. J. Michael Maloc. Chrlatlno Rel-
lolt. Pun Schulllrman. Rich Sheridan. Michael Skotnlck. Spoclmm Editor:
Brenda Sehaeiler stall Artllt: Gary Palmer ‘ ’

Chrll Blnghl. ﬁusirioss Manager
Lynn Sltlvll. As" \clale Business A' Inagar
Maura Klimt. Adverllalna Manager
Milt. Knlmer. Sales Manager

Illllnn l ' l
t m... p.m.,

Klrnn on”
Advarilrlng Salon: Karen Amaler. Dan Fletcher. Mare Hoborman. nleh Lllt.
Jurly Yotel. Mrarllllng Produr'lan: Lin Bllhlat 'Innln Cutrona. *«rau
Glucalono. Eileen Kolhaauk. Alice McDaimotl. chhr Midi-rally. Amy Pap-my.
Mitts Sehtllro. Ollice Stall: Kathy Chlo heater. Linda Delgado. Marjorie Ronn-
thll. Stephanie Schanaul

Adam 3. Eagle. Palrlcll allnnoll. Production Managers
chrll Coleman. Associale Production Manager
Chlel Typlulllr  .. ........ ..Lancoy Hayrnau
Typllll: chnri Adetmann. June "0 Dtanuno. sure" Eveland. Dave J- an.
Cattle suite. Pant stroubor. Pure-up: E. Phillip Hoover. Judy Lawrence. Maura
MeShane. Elton Roavla. D. Darrel Slat. M.D.Thnmpaon. Chaulteuro: Warren
Hurwllr. Richard Sheridan .

 

Photography plinolpllly Itippllrd hy Univ-rally Pholo Service. I Itudanl
In“ .

Chicl Pholhgtlpher: Erlcir Burundi UPS Stall: Shall Albert. Amy Cohen. Marla
Culllnntl. Jelv' Curry. Lyiiu Dre" is. Cindy Gdlwat Adam Gliiabaiu. "nbatl
Housmaun. Dirvid lauac. Kenny Kluch. Robert Luchay. Etta Maurai. Math
Mutilavtlln. Chrla Orslni. Lian Simmons. Robert Surrey. David Stitch. lirwnid
Tvum .

Entire contents copyright ms Albany student PIIII Comntatlon. all right:
ranrvld.

ihn Albany Strident Pietra iii [Illlillllhlld Tuesdays rind Firrliryl butwrion
Auuutrl iimt J|I‘ - by tho Albany 9‘ ultrlll Pruaa Coll‘ "MID". ﬂ" indﬂllt‘” lurll
notvlorrnrolil colptildllml.

Eiillutriilrt mu writlnn liy uni iiitrlnr ru Cruel with irrmuhow ul the Editorial
iluaril. policy is subunit in mvtrw by the Editorial niliiiii Ailveruiimq pulley
(loos tint iiucoannrily lilllrlt‘l iulitnrlnl policy

Mullrnp .iiltllnua
Altmuy Sltlilnnl Press. CC .lL'U
lyltiti Washington Avu,
Albany. N "t

<
u
N;

 

(fillll Mil llillli‘..l.l;"l (Lilli)

 

 

U.S. government and- corporate support for So..th
African apartheid and overcome racism at home."

A number of national groups are supporting the April
Actions. including the United States Student Association.
the Rainbow Coalition. the Nuclear Weapons Freeze
Campaign. unions and groups concerned with Central
America urld South A.rica.

Locally. an April Actions committee has been formed
to build these actions in the Albany area. Supporters in
the area include the Uiiiled Food and Commercial
Workers Union. the Central American Solidarity
Alliance. the Upper Hudson Nuclear Weapons l‘rccrc.
the Coalition Against ApuiJicid and Racism. and .he
SUNYA Peace Project. among others.

liuscs for the April 20th rtilly will be leaving front
Albany at “:30 p.m. Friday. April l9lh. and will return
directly after the rally. arriving around 2 p.m. Sunday.
April let. Carpools and housing are being arranged for
those wht. want to slit, in Washingon through \lontl..y.
April 22nd. Bus tickets are $33 (round trip). Tickets will
be available at the Peace Project‘s table in the Campus
Center April 9th. lOth. and lith. and iii the Social Action
Center (22l Central Ave. between Robin and lake). For
more information cttll 434-4037.

Like others lel'ore us. he can exerme power ...id
change history. Our actions this April will articulate iii-
crcased awareness of the links between various concerns.
Ten years ago this April. the War in Viel Nam ended. We
recall that War and what it took to stop it. Otrr protests
can make a difference. We invite you to join us.

—l.irura i.eten.lre
—.lulla Steinherg
April A ciions Committee

Cannon under fire

To the Editor:
lam wr .ting this letttr in regard 1.. a professo. . who .n-
_ stead of stimulating and enhancing my education here at
SUNY Albany. has become a frustrating and detrimental
deterrent to my long term goals. i am referring to my
Financial Accounting (ACC 2i i) professor. Dr. Harold
Cannon.

i do not doub. his knowle..ge and expc.‘ rise of the sub-
ject matter. but i do question his testing ability and
overall equity to the class. On a recent exam (March M).
the class median was 32 out of 50 which means more than
55 percent of the class received either a D or an E. Besides

..._.t, t. theregzwas one A (a 46) and is B's which to me

‘ re ectstli..t an injustice has been none. in addressing .he
class (which used to entirely till up LC 7). on March l9th.
he stated. “i realize that i made two questions extremely
difficult to separate the A's from he 3'5 but the poor per-
formance must be due to your own (the class')
carelessness." Big Deal. He did a fine job in
distinguishing the one A l’ro..r the is B‘s but what about
the other 400-500 students? '

SUNY Albany is a highly rated academic school with
strong qualifications for admissions. and most of this

 ACC 2!] class is eventually headed for the business
school meaning that they, have GPA's in excess of 3.0.
For these .easons alon.. l refuse it: believe that the en.ire
class is stupid or careless.

Being a former 4.0 student and a person who went iriio
the exam with a fair amount of confidence. i cannot see
my failing grade as totally due to my own stupidity. Pro-
fessor Cannon hasn't even considered the fact that the ex«
am may have been , too li-ng. too di.ficult. or .oo
frustrating.

He also stated..“l do not believe in curving exams so i

am not going to curve it but i promise the next exam‘s .

median will ririse anywhere from four to ten points and if
it doesn't i will quit my job." This is quite a small con-
solation for the heavy price most or us paid. BL‘udQS. cou-
sldering the fact-that most of the students who were doing
poorly have now dropped. the median will naturally go
up a few points. Believe me. i am deeply contemplating
failing the next test. in hope of becoming a martyr in tak-
ing him tip on his bargain.

This is the same professot. who last stttiester. had 50
percent of his class end up with D‘s and E's. Does this
man enjoy seeing people suffer? i wouldn‘t expect that tit-
titude front a professor in tin tiilcgcd superior institute of
higher learning.

i will admit that l have learned it lot about accounting
and that l. what educa.ion is all about but unl‘o.tunuttly.
that won't suffice in otir resent day education system. I
still must attain a certit n GPA for admission to the
business school and also someday to ti quality graduate or
law school. i can understand that there is it quota on the
amount of business school students and that some people
have to be "weened out." bu. this is it “uh: too extreme.

How can the administration in thi. ‘chool overlook his

   

recent past performance rind statistics? Statistics are n
menus of measure throughout society. if Dirvc Winfield
of the Nww York Yankees (who is paid over $l million a
year) hits it disnurl .205 this season. l‘m sure the thkccs'
iidministr..tiou would .iecomc intc.estctl in tht problitn.
if it student iit SUNYA received it 0.5 GPA. l'm sure the
school administration would do something shout it.

Therefore. why is nothing being done in this situation? it
is also unfair that Professor Cannon has a monopoly on
the ACC 2ll course. Wouldn't it be alot fairer to have
other alternativt. for this course.

The intent of this letter is not to crucify Professor Can-
non. but to either notify the administration that there is a
major problem or to provide some constructive criticism
for Professor Cannon. if he would become alot fairer and
nicer about grading and test giving. he would prove that
lie is one ..f the finest professors ..r this schoo. and ...\0
one of the tops in his field.

Iielieic me. I speak on behalf of most of the students
who have taken ACC 21 l in the past two semesters.

—name withheld upon request

Innocent judge

To the Editor:

iii an ASP arti.le that ran on March l9..i, .lackic BL.”-
\lL‘lil was accused of being a biased judge. These accusa—
lions crime from people who were participants in an air-
biuitl contest recently held on State Quad. who came in
third place.

i do not set: any point in running an article which is bris-
ed on net .‘rtlions. in .my contest. ilicrc have t.» be v..n-
lit!“ and losers. but the lovers should not put the blame on
the judges. Jackie was accused of being “unfair” and
"dishonest" because she was friends with the winning
group. What the article failed to mention is that she is
also good friends with people in several of the other
bands.

i see no truth in the uccusation‘that Jackie coerced the
ollier judges' opinions. Neither of them said they were
pushed into voting. so why question Jackie on this?
Maybe the fact that the winners were not all front Slate
Qtirrtl led the audience to boo the judges' decision.

I have ...io\\n Jacki. for almost ..\o years at..i feel he
has done tiiore for this University than any other
sophomore. Besides being Class of I987 President. she is
on University Senate and Central Council. Jiickie has
been an excellent student leader and i see no reason for
tmwurrimied accusations against her integrity.

—.|el'l' Hit-liner

Florida’s moms

To the Editor:

Spring Break ..uic is illlliU‘. here and u. hope many of
you will come to Florida for well earned, vacations. We
hope you will unwind on our beaches. try boardsrtiling. if
you haven't. get great runs and return safely.

But please do not come to Florida to drink and drive.
Drtigged and drunk driving have caused too trinity
needless ..ugcdics in otrr cornm..nitics. Drigged ..ud
drunk driving are not welcome.

We are parents and we look forward to your being here
because we share your love of good times even as we
remember our own sons. and daughters. victims of drunk
driving. who will never again he a part of Spring Break.

— Beckie Brimn
President. Florida .\loihcrs Against Drunk Driving

Bar busing

To the litlllur

l litivcjust iirrived liotue after riding the University bus.
l feel foriuniitc ..i have arriwtl safely.

The bus stop at the Circle was it disgrace. Thc dozen of
us who missed lllt.‘ l():()5 bus waited patiently for the uni.
by l0:25 there was obvioust more than a buslond of peo-
ple wailing. ercii the bus arrived people pushed to the
curb and jumped in front of the bits to make it stop by
their friends. The pm on who wished to get 0.. the . us
couldn't because of the people pressing against the door
us the bus continued to move forward] am surprised that
no one was hurt.

The crowd pushed toward the door and pushed people
on the bus and tip the steps. It didn't matter whether you
were with somco..c or ttloue. ialmon swimming tipstrt..m
have triore free will and control. '

Once on the bus groups began to account for their
members -— if it person was missing the other would shout
for him/her to get on the bus. Two people jumpcd'out the
emergency window because someone was left behind.

Al Qtrn.| Street the arts was all out empty. .hosc .eft
were those who lived downtown and litive no choice bill
the University bus for going HOME. We didn‘t decide to
go out and prrrty —- we wanted to go home using the only
lrnnsportntiou we have nvtiihtble. Supposedly have
avinluble. lint because of the purtiers we might have to
with for two or t.trce buses ii. fore we can mine the ciitic.
If on Sittiudnys there was it bus that only went us far in
Quail every one»hnlf hour —» the runners could get to the
bars and lltmc who live dou mown can get there without it
long nervous unit -—~ "Will i get on or will 1 have to with
for the next bus ruid wrueh the crowd grow?" l‘he t‘.\li‘il
lilts’cs woi...l bring pea...‘ of mind [It the people who ntetl
the Uniicrsiiy buses to get home. especially between it)
p.m. lllltl midnight.

——l)t-ult‘t‘ M. 'i'hrwulilll

