l
l

  
 

4a Aspects '

"it's real boring here. it is terribly boring. There's
25,000 students in a small backwards southern town
and when the music started happening in this town, it
was because people were bored.”

David Hannon Pierce

The town is Athens. Georgia. approximately (-0 miles out

ol Atlanta. A college town with a population of 42,540. '

Athens, Georgia has been the topic ol much musical conver-
sation. in the March issue of Newsweek On Campus.
Athens was cited as having, “One thing that other towns
don't, bands that have made it big." David Hannon Pierce.
31-year-old editor of Tasty lVor/ll .\Iaga/ine (an Athens-
based southern arts and music publication) adamantly insists
that there is "a lot of misinformation of music and culture in
the south. especially Athens. It was either hyped up or it
was totally blown up out of proportion as to what the reali-
ty of what was really going-on here."

So what is going on in these partslThe University of I

Georgia is the nucleus of the town. Students make up more
than half of Athens population. 27.l72 according to
Theresa Whitehead. a senior secretary at the university.
With a majority like that it's hard to imagine anything less

I

than an erwiromm-nt that engenders growth and develop- -

ment. David Giles works at Ruthless Records ot't' East Broad
Street on College Avenue. up the block from campus. The
18-year-old Giles doesn't think the music bustle is a fad,
"You have a lot of people coming in and out of town and as
long as there are more students coming to school here,

you're gonna have more people who want to play in bands

and stuff. it‘s the best possible age group for hands to start
playing."

David Stuart, music.programming director at The Univer-
sity of Georgia's progressive radio station, WUOG, points a
finger at the Art Department as far as the-"scene" is concern-

..‘x  ~  \‘(ﬂbuvr

 

_ a .  «-
ar."..-~...w.a...... _ £11m. . '«Jr
......a......ﬂ.‘u...-A...~. . . - I- -  .'

4.3.2. A ‘

 

 

 

 

R.E.M. I. to “Dinner”, Mlchaol supp. librarian-k, Mlki min.

ed. "The art school has a lot to do with it, guys getting
together. playing together. That's where a lot of them come
from. People here areopen minded,” Stuart insists, his tan

screaming from the sleeves of hiE‘le’thLshirt. "Alot 0L

‘greeks' are listening to the 'trendies‘ which is new. if it
makes my foot tap, [don't care, l'll listen to it. i don't care if
they're blacks or fags.”

There are a lot of "greeks" on campus. According to the
NBS-i986 University Undergraduate Study bulletin, there
are 30 fraternities and 20 sororities. Animal House antics
aren't as prevalent as they are built up to be. at least, in the
daytime. juniors Debbie Hardy and Angie Kidd of Kappa
Alpha Theta Sorority were outside the Tate Student Center
one day, selling tickets to a tennis benefit. As far as local

w.

   

l , .‘ ' ,
music is concerned, Ms. Hardy drawls, "i like the music at

The 40 Watt Club just ‘cuz it's fun to listen to. l'm not as '

wild. i don't go into the hairstyles and the neons like the Art
Department people are considered to do and stuff like that,
but I like to go and listen."

The 40 Watt Club Uptown and The Uptown Lounge are
the two clubs in town where music mongcrs flock six nights
a week. Cinderella curfew is l:00am, Monday thru Friday
and 11:00am Saturday. the latter due to church on Sunday
(there are more than 80 churches in town.) ‘ .

The early closing hours for bars and clubs has a lot to do

_ with the peg being pulled from the Athens music grenade.

and David Pierce can safely be called an authority on that
explosion. Pierce has lived in Athens for eight years and was
a member of Buzz of Delight and the recently disbanded
Oh-OK. Pushing his green tinted sunglasses onto the bridge
of his nose, Pierce recalls an incident that occurred at
WUOG six years ago. "The radio wouldn't play progressive
music. not until I979. The Sex Pistols got played at mid
night and it prompted the general manager of(the) 90.5 FM
radio station to have the song taken off the air and have the
record taken out of the building. The station was in- an
uproar over them playing punk rock on the campus radio
'station.”

 
     

 

we;

clubs, so they weren't trying to” play dial; to get big'

guarentees and get a lot of money'ihthe door, get a record
contract. and get famous. They couldn't care less. There was

' tit-it {9% was

i
r
i
l
r
.

none of that down. Tli'éié was no opportunity‘at allT‘The'on- "

ly opportunity they could have was to‘get a bunch'of peo-

ple on their feet and dance. That’s all they tried tddo. Now ‘

it's grown into such.a ecommercial thing' that it kind'ot'

distorts people’s viewpoints of what Athens started as."

'Michael Mills, bassist for R.E.M. (the last "big" band to '

come out of Athens) fondly‘ remembers the band's first gig
at an abandoned church on Oconee, Street. "A friend ,of
ours. Kathleen O'Brien, was having a birthday party. Me

and Bill (Bill Berry, drummer) were friends and she introduco -

ed us to Peter (Peter Buck, guitar)'and Michael (Michael
Stipe, vocals). We Were all interested in music and all in-
terested in doing something to kill time so we said, ’Well,
let's get together and play this party just for fun?’ So we
played and it was a huge amount of fun. Once it became ob-
vious that it was a r reer...it was a surprisa that it steam-
rolled like it did.”

R.E.M's fifth-year anniversary has just passed this April
5th. One EP and two albums on IRS later. the foursome still
calls Athens home. unlike The B-52‘s who've moved their

Athens, Gee—Av!

roék-lobSter tails to New York City. PMills enjoys tobring
and says that it "makes Athens a lot easier to live with and
appreciate because if you're here for a long time, unless
you're in school or doing something for some specific

_ reason, it can get really dull and boring.'Then you start to. '

wonder, 'What am I doing? Why am l still here'i' We still get
to leave and we get to come back to this wonderful quiet,
fairly peaceful little town, where our friends are, and relax."

in the warm, dry slowness of Atheh's spring, in front of a
Holiday lnn, a confederate flag ,wavers alongside our coun-
try's traditional Betsy Ross weave. A breeze rolls in, rustling
the tops of the many white dogwoods that line the streets
just outside the downtown area. Many of the houses on the

back roads have porch swings, each swing seeming to call I

out for that Oscar Meyer kid.

“We were all interested in music and in doing something to kill time, so we said, '

’Well let's get together and play this party just for fun?’

So we played and it was

a huge amount of fun. Once it became obvious that it was a career . . . it was a

surprise that it steam rolled like it did.”

Michael Mills, R.E.M. bassist

 

“Punk wasjust a raunchier version of the same ol' rock-n-
roll over again so it happened anyway, and what happened
was the parties. All they (the bands) Were interested in do-
ing was making up songs and having a good time. it was a
real fulfilling creative environment. Pylon. The Side Effects,
R.E.M, B-52’s, they were all, when they first started - oh,
and my old band Oh-OK - playing parties. There were no

 

Above: The 40 Watt Club Uptown; Above left: Guy on
stilts; Left: Church steps message; Below: Aspiring
bopsters; Right: The famous double-barreled cannon of
Athens.

 

, 1-.
. Mayer-1,! r :‘vn. ‘
. 'ai is. Etna-wait.

 

The bright green of the spring grass vibrateslagainst the
red Georgia clay. if that's not enough to remind you of
Christmas, the abundance of "God Makes Housecalls” signs
and other Baptist propaganda are enough to make jesus
about as much of a commercial celebrity as the Marlboro
Man. Off Broad and onto Oconee Street, the shabbiness of
some of the- homes becomes more apparent; n‘iany houses
seem to merely cling to their foundations.

One blow by any big bad wolf and the church R.E.M. did
their tirst gig in, The Print Shop, and David Pierce's house
would all wind up in Oz. The one truly tragic loss would be

 

 

 

 

  

Stitchcraft, ansold textile place tha crits sp e'o’tit. bands
to practice. in 'an old boiler room behind Stitchcraft is Lun-
chpaper, a theatre opened by,25-ycar-old art student, Paul
Thomas, and his friend, Chris Debar'. Running‘his-flng'ers
throughhis blonde afro. the lanky figured Thomas says,
, "You‘ll find that a lot of people here aren't just in a band or
are painters. A lot of people paint'and write poetry or do
theatre and dance. There's like a renaissance in the air going
on around here. We’ve had Pylon. R.E.M., AiexChilton;
and the Replacements (at Lunchpaper). i got to play guitar
with Allen Ginsberg and sing.” Thomas plays with Lamb
Putty and the 'fultrapsychailelic" band The Third Ear. *‘

One’ cool "April evening, a few.of The El May Dukes’
Rickenbacker guitar jangles escaped from Stitchcraft where

they were. practicing... Dana-'E‘Ioﬁlns. lead singer for the El" c

MayDukes, was a member" .The-Tone-Tone's and the
recently. disbanded Vang I
9-month-old band for'aicd‘uple 5f}weéks,ibut the birck
doesn’t stop there. Tl'ié'following évEninglMs'. Dow‘nsshow-
ed up at The 40 Watt'Club Uptbwn’to‘do‘ covers with.

S-year-oldglzove Tractot .playlrig.uncler their alter-ego, The n _ N p

Wheel of Cheese. The and came out in drag thateveningr-
and oneio'f the coversthey did was CyndiLaupe'r's "Girls
lust Wanna Have Fun." ' . -

WUOG estimates'the cur

     
  
 

"(Kit K‘FNNY cars
.ii'llmrliw fijrrrr- I '

nr rut.

 

ZZ-year-old student and freelance journalist, attributes the

fecundity of musical creativity to economics, "People like

music and it keeps going And the economy’is cheaper than

anywhere in America’in terms of music. All the college

students are all broke and even with a $3.00 cover it gets ex-

penfiive. But the competition is so keen. There are so many
an s.” '

it and Photos

by Michelle ‘1'. Krell

The’ Kilkenny Cats, Fashion Battery, The Squalls, Doo
Blan Tant, Ban 37, Time Toy, The Babbling: these are just a
few of the better bands. Most of the 30 or so bands are com-
posed of white males, while a few bands have a woman or
two. Mystery Date is currently the only all-female band in
Athens. Robin Edwards, their ZZ-year-old bass player, is the
only black woman in Mystery Date:'When asked how she
thought the band felt’beingan'all' woman group, Ms. Ecl-
wards (who could probably make it ‘on the cover of Ebony)»
sighed, "We, feel quite outnumbered. Maybe singers outgo
musicians as far as women go. Women'tend to be singers.
As far as being an all female band, we also feel kind of like a
minority in the-fact that'a lot of popular female bands are
just the real sweet kind of pop sound. The minute you say
you’re an all female band, I think that thought just takes
over people’s minds. We like to think we're real different...
Kind of 60's, kind of psychadelic, kind of now, kind of surf,
kind of spy.” '

Ms. Edwards is the only member of Mystery Date still liv-
ing in Atlanta (the rest ofthe band has been living in Athens
for years). When asked why the rest of the band moved, she
bubbled forth, “it was real cheap. Rehearsal space (in
Athens) can be. anywhere from 20, 60 to 80 dollars a month.
in Atlanta it's outrageous. The girls who live here (in the
band). their rent is like 50 bucks. 80 bucks a month. you
knowl'i That’s unheard oft So it's real cheap and it‘s easy go-
ing here. People are nice and we get creative."

Creativity notwithstanding, Athens still has only one cab
company operating in the area, "Your Cab Company.”
Michael Voight “number 16 cab driver" is a man who looks
like he is in his mld-to-late 20's. He doesn't frequent the
clubs even though his girl friend, Dana Olsen, is in Club Ga

.. She’s been with"’the ' ~ '

rent numﬁr-of localbarids to  l

number somewhere between 30 and 40. Dan Mattews, a *

 

 

  
     
 
 
 
  
  
  

   
     

- ' l . .‘m‘ « ‘ ’.-*"
photo: Jill Schultz, MYSTERY DA TE.- l.-r. back row,
Helen Manus, Robin Edwards, front‘row, Vanessa Von
Vega, Velena Vega.

 

Ga, another local, band. Voight says, "l’m trying to stay

away from drinking-(because) I get so drunk i don‘t know,

who i amfn 5tuff.’-' Although Voight may not hang out at
The 40 Watt Club Uptown or The Uptown Lounge he does
know'a-‘bit‘iabout-the music scene in Athens. "Nobody's
comin" here to sign no contractsfl’eople come out and play
in the bars for a couple of weeks, you know. And then they
put out an independent label album or something, you
know. And'then they make money off it 'cuz it's so obscure.
you know, and nobody’s got it ’n stuff."

Voight remembers the scene from the beginning. "Ever
since The B’s (B-SZ‘s) hit... I980. Ever since then, about five
or six years ago, you know, everybody's talking about some
big music scene and all that stuff, but it really isn’t. It's just
that people making the music know where to put it. They
get it,ydamn shoot, like_R.E.M. .they were just a little bar
band‘. They sat around and Stipes’s momma bought him
some equipment or something, you know. They went out
and they started making money at it."

Peter Buck. 28-year-old guitarist for R.E.M. still
remembers, like Mills, how crummy the band sounded the
first time they played together. Sitting at a desk in one of
the three rooms at the 'fan club office, Buck is opening let-
ters with a pink-handled switchblade. if you didn’t know
how old he was, you'd definitely guess a few years younger.
Donning a long sleeve maroon button-down shirt, lightly
spotted with paisley. Buck looks out with excited bird-like

‘ eyes and comments on the local music state, "That's what

college towns are about. Boston has just as many bands (as
Athens). i think it ‘is that kind of'cultural imperialism or
* snobism-that New York has that anything down south has
to be a joke. So when something interesting kind of happens
down south, everyone backs off. Athens back to the fifties
had a reputation as a musician's town. Members of Sea
Level played and lived here. (Randall) Bramlett's had a
career here in the music business. He’s written songs for Sea
Level and did sessions with The Allman Brothers. Now with

DB records (an Atlanta based. idependently owned record'

company) there's morejof an emphasis on Athens."

A college is a college, right? Wrong. The State University
of New York at Albany is totally different from The
University of Georgia. The SUNYA Uptown campus was
l.D. Rockefeller's favorite golf course (before it became his
tax write-off) two decades or so 'ago. The University of
Georgia was thi? country's first state-supported university.
founded in l785. (Albany State has quite a while to reach a
bicentennial, eveh with the downtown campus.) Common

 

Below left: Ruthless Records, happening spot,- Below:
Stage/Altar Inside the “R.E.M. Church”; Right.- Exterior
0! the church Above right.- Stitchcraft, Inn, Area
rehearsal studio. -

 

 

 5nd actuality prove the architecture to differ because
of age. The University of Georgia is spread out over green
rolling hills, the buildings more classical in design than our
own concrete slabs. '

Lynn Gracin, a 25-year-old Ph.D student who graduated
SUNYA in [981 is continuing to pursue psychology at The
University of Georgia. Gracin has been at the University
since September of 1984. A native of Dix Hills, Long Island,

‘ Ms. Gracin points'out a major difference between the two
college towns. "i think this is a nice place to be. Culturally, i
think Albany has a lot more to offer. i guess i found myself
going around to see events at the Rockefeller Plaza. Being
involved with that downtown area, it's hard to say because
the area is more involved with the community as well as the
university. The town (Athens) is 100 percent run by the
University. if the university wasn't here there wouldn’t be
anything. whereas in Albany. you have the capital."

' Thinking about Lark Street. where she lived for two years
whileattcnding SUNYA,,Cracin didn‘t find anything in

. Athens comparable to our "Little Greenwich Village." "l

. think the closest thing we have comparable to Lark Street is
our downtown area (College Ave. off E. Broad St. on up

- four blocks). We have a couplepf quaint shops with a bit of
character. This is a nice place to be."

People are very friendly in Athens, but if you're a nor-
therner, you know it. Southern hospitality is sincere. but
you sometimes feel the sharp contrast between the compass
points. Asking for directions to The Admissions Building on
campus. a young woman with a heavy drawl mimicked my
Ah-lbany talk and questioned. “The Emissions Building?"
With each repetition of the word "admissions" I felt like a
bigger fool. Nevertheless, that kind of attitude wasn't
prevalent.

So, if you want to hear good music and meet friendly
people, come to Athens, Georgia. You can watch someone
sketching on College Avenue in round wire-framed glases,
clad in a Greatful Dead shirt and wearing Converse
sneakers. You might even meet someone in Tretorn
sneakers that dooesn't play tennis. if you become "trendy"
you can buy your clothes at GO Clothes. if you become a
University of Georgia DAWGS sports fanatic, there's an ex-
clusive DAWG store around the corner from Ruthless
Records. One warning. When cruising Baxter Street, don’t
.eat the Buffalo-style wings. Unless you enjoy Southern fried
chicken with splotches of sweet tomato sauce, get your
wings in Albany.

Note: Special thanks go out to The Tasty World staff for
putting me up and putting up with me.

 

 

 

 

AspirctoSa-u 

