in:

In the West, October can mean heat or drizzlee, eo layers are a chic eoiutlon to
changing weather. In our wlld weetern gang, the dude hitches up his 2. Cavarlccl
beeketweave wool coat and chlnoe to Banana Republic'- white cotton shirt above
Converse high topa. Gala wear a pastel brocade z. Cavarlccl Jacket over ﬂoral-print
loans or atone-weaned GUESS jeana and a Big Jacket.

Our other Weltern couple in wild In the stands ln 2. Covarlccl'a cowgirl-styled mInI
with matching shirt and denim jacket, while her escort cute a sharp figure In 2.
eavarlccl'e rig-lag brocade Jacket and embroidered black leane.

. a - I r » " . . - a MIDWEST
By Lesa sawahata ‘ ‘ - V ‘ " - . i . - ‘  ' The look In more casual than the Northeast, but Just as warm. For women, we prefer
' 1' ‘ ‘ ' ' ~ ' ~ 4 unbeatable Levis 501's topped with In-Wear'e deep blue woetem shirt (complete
with silver collar tlpa) and cranberry striped jacket. For men, Matlnlque‘e roomy ma.
roon bomber Jacket over thelr eubtly colored cotton shirt. tucked Into green

Ahh,  u . the beautiful, golden month when one's ‘ y ‘ r >. = i v I , ' . “WWW,” Pam’v‘ol'm “Vac'mwm‘ 9"" 3"“
thoughts turn to cozy ﬁres, smiling jack ' '- ' - ' ~ . '
o'lanterns and the homecoming game. What to wear to the game th' fall?
We‘ve chosen outﬁts front some of ottr favorite fashion house GUESS, in
Wear/Matiniqtie. Zi Cavarie . Benetton. Banana Republic and Capeuio.
So, whatarethe prerequisl es for style in the bleachers? l‘il‘SIlll‘C th ‘ubdued
colors (loden. burgundy. deep gold, teal) and mixed patterns (ﬂorals, paisleys
and plaids).
Pastel. 'washed‘ I'abr' " tre popular too: wallpaper prints of pale blue and
combined with stone-washed demin. 1e mixed textures ofdenim jeans
damasked satin shirt ay beautifully : :unst each other, lending a dy-
namic new feel to old l'avor 5.
To keep the Big Chill at bay. a Big Sweater or liigjaeket is the kind offashion
piece that looks great over everything and is your best bet for a fall fashion
investment
A great pair of pants in a newer, drapier shape looks terriﬁc on men or
women, and are a warm. wear-everywhere item that will give you plenty of
lashion mileage.
()K, ready to check out chic across the country?

NORTHEAST
u

4 How to keep from being an Ivy League iceberg? East
Coaat coeda look hip and atay warm in ln-Wear'e lean
printed knit top over enuzjodphun. Guye score In
Matlnloue'a claeelc trousers mm a pullover sweater
and Banana Republic's button-down ehlrt. Both
women and men snuggle in ln-Wear/Metlnlque'e over-
elzad wool coat: with touches 01 bright colon In scarf,
gloves. and hate.

SllllBElT
_

In the Sunbelt. Indian summer can linger right Into No-
vember. Big Sweaters are the Big Time here. For men.
Benetton‘u blue pullover toama well with their brown
wool pante. Southern bellea glow in Benetton‘e bright
pink and blue knlt pant-sweater combo with Capeulo
cannula. D

PNOTOGRAPHV BY JOHN
LOCKWOOD; Stylist: Becca
Ole-by; Modela: Nancy M.
.lonee, Paul Snyder, Beth Sli-
vere. Ben Sarto". Marloha
Lockwood. Sara Bott, Darlue
Richmond. Dante.

 

 

 

 

 

