2a

  

 

 

 

 

 

Contributions now

 

Poetry, Short Stories,
Artwork and Photographs

DEADLINE - NOVEMBER 1a:

SUBMIT TYPEWRITTEN WORK WITH SASE
AND BIOGRAPHY TO:

THE ALBANY REVIEW

CEO SA, CC 116

1400 WASHINGTON AVENUE '
ALBANY, NEW YORK 12222

 

QUESTIONS? CALL (5181 383-1665

SA FUNDED

rule musics warren;
' LITERARY, " 

being accepted 

 

 

 

 

Uniumity Comm Bound
PRESENTS: 

(5M 7W7

&T"E OYL’ FAMILY

  

He‘s hot!
lists sexy!
'lle’s live '

wi tux curd

. wiout
T rckets on Sale Mon Oct. 21 rm 343
IN THE CAMPUS CENTER & AT STRAWBERRIES Mm
5| Funded

W‘—
4

> the BA building, and have remained single. I didn’t let the attack throw me into a

 

 

I ’ll'i’l .
Beware: college students are prime targets for What do you Want to be? assaults.
The attackers are often disguised as relatives, professors, Or advisers. Afteriéffects of
an onslaught include p'aranoia, stuttering, and a subsequent feeling ofthope‘le‘ssne'ss
The most vulnerable victims are students pursuing educations in  they
enjoy learning about; subjects that invariably do not hold courses in--the BA
building, and do not begin with "pre," as in "pre-med" or "prelaw." Combinations
of the letters P-R-E. or EA act as What/do you Wanl' to be-proof vests. -> .
Yes, it happened to me. The assailant was disguised as a well-meaning uncle. He
eased into the attack by asking me how my computer whiz/engineer/artistbrother
was doing. i told him that my brother was doing very well, of c0urse. He then piled
it on, in preparation ‘for the oncoming assault —— .“You know, I tell everyone that
he's the next Einstein. That's what we should call him . . . ha, ha, ha . . . Einstein
Cinsbergl Hal" ” I
Suddenly» he stopped laughing and turned to me, expressionless. "So, can you do
anything?" he challenged.
I thought it was a rather vague question, but since he was disguised as my uncle, I
had to give a respectful answer. "I go. to college, too," I told him. '-
“Oh? What are you studying?" he began. I sensed danger.
"English," I said. "I like to write."
“Where's that gonna get you?” he stabbed.
The paranoia was setting in. I tried‘not to stammer. “I work for the‘school
newspaper. . . I'd like to get into‘magazine publishing," I mumbled.

\

accused. .

My grandmother, who was sitting next to me, realized that I was in tr'ouble.
Maybe it was the fact that I had crawled under the coffee table and refused to come
out. She came to my rescue and told the assailant, "Loren baked a beautiful batch of
sugar cookies this morning. She’s wonderful at baking. Would you like to try one?”

My grandmother made up a package of cookies for the uncleimposter. Before
ing, hang around the BA building at school, and marry someone soon with a ‘pre'
before his course of study."

Yes, it was brutal. But I recovered, went back to the newspaper, never entered

state of hopelessness. After all, if all else fails, I can still bake a mean sugar cookie.

(ﬂuid

 

Aspects' Ian Spelling accepts Skippers'
challenge to face Death Wings i

one more timel %

  

 

 

 

The assault was in full strength now. "Hal That’s worse than social work!" he

He did. He liked it. I was redeemed. I could do something worthwhile, after'all. I

he left, he offered this advice for my protection against future assaults: "Keep bak~ "

 

 

 

 

William sryr’

tatiyely titled, The 'Way of the Warrior.

n treated a full au-
dience in Page Hall Tuesday night to
a reading from his Work in progress, ten-

 

Lor’en  i " "li‘l‘ " section of dialogue between Stingo and Dr.

 

Just as rock concerts begin with a warm- _
up band, Styron's reading waspreceded by
SUNYA music professor Finley Cockrell ‘
on the piano. After this welcome surprise,.,
Tom Smith, associate director of the-
Writers institute, turned the program over
to English department chairman Gene
Garber, declaring that, "One marvelous

southern writer deserves another."
Garber commended Styron's ac-
complishments, including the honors of the

‘ Pulitzer Prize in 1968 for his novel, The

Confessions of Nat Tumer, the American

' Academy of Arts and Letters Prix de Rome
for Lie Down in Darkness in 1952, and the
Academy’s Howell Medal in 1970. Styron
gained'further popular acclaim when his
1979 novel', Sophie’s Choice was.released
as a successful movie starring Meryl Streep
in 1982. ‘

According to'Garber, Styron's novels are
consistently distinguishable 'by two
characteristics — the voice of his narrators,
and his determination to confront history.
"By confronting these enormities . . . he
challenges us to see clearly," Garber
asserted.

Styron, brought to SUNYA by the New

' York State Writers Institute, began by tell-

ing the audience, "i did not- get a .vast
amount of money, and that issnot a com
plaint. This is a departure for me. I don’t
come to public events unless my arm is vir-
tually pulled from its socket by people like
Bill Kennedy." '

Styron’s current work focuses on Stingo,
the narrator of» Sophie’s -‘ Choice, a few

 weeks before the dropping of the atomic

bomb on Japan. Stingo is a. platoon leader
in the 2nd Marine division stationed on the

' Japanese island-of Saipan. In the passages

that Styron read, Stingo suffers from ner-
vous anxiety. He has witnessed the brutal
killing of a close friend in combat and,

   

 . not: i. :-  . 
Pulitzer Pri‘ ~ winning novelist

 

 

' disgusted With the war, his. is close to 'a"ner— ‘

‘ vous breakdown;
In clear, expressive tones complimented
by. timely pauses and active eyebrows,
’ Styron presented ,very hulnorous, personal
passages from his manuscript, including a

e'Spicehandler, the  Naval Hospital-
,, Psychiatrist. e doctor tries to, discuss the
 incident that ‘rsi greatly disturbing Stingo,
Doug Stiles’ ‘death at Okinawa. Dr. »
Spicehandler asks Stingo what kind of rela-
tionship he had with Doug, and Stingo
replies, "We were close friends.” When
Spicehandler asks, "How close'i’l he defen-
sively assures the doctor with a very ex-
plicit description of his attraction to female
anatomy that he is heterosexual, or at least

“limbo.” '
Later in the conversation, Stingo con-
fronts Dr. Spicehandler with the question,

 

Styron on Stingo —

". . .I-Ie’s me.”

 

"Do you think i’m queer?"
“What do you think?" the doctor replies.
"Maybel should tell you about the time

I actually molested a child.”

"You what?” Spicehandler regains his
'professional calm and suggests, "Perhaps
you should tell me about it.”

Stingo returns, "Perhaps' some other
time."

Through the touching, witty dialogue of
his work and his enthusiatic delivery,
Styron captivated the audience and had to
raise his hands to stop the applause at the

minutes ‘were alloted after his 50 minute

 

reading for questions from the audience.

he was until deprivation drove him into'_

conclusion of his presentation. Ten '

Peter Machcol played Stingo, Sty

Styron apologized for the limited discus-
sion, explaining, “l have suffered, I’m
afraid, from a bad throat. My throat is go-

ing, but my spirit's still here."

Questions and comments from the au-
dience revealed the effectiveness of
Styron's very personal, realistic style of
writing. When asked why he finds Stingo

so attractive to write about, Styron replied,
“Because he's me." .

     

ron's alter-ego. in the 1982 production of Sophie's Choice.

.»'.,....'j _' ..

 
 
  

  
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  

‘ ....,

 

Styron explained, “These things did not
happen to me in any way, even though I
use the autobiographical'mode. All i do is
try to project things that might have hap-
pened to me very readily, and try to create
some sort of artistic unity.”

Through his past acomplishments, and
the promise of his current work, it is evi-
dent that Styron did achieve his objective
of creating "some sort of artistic unity.” El

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
  
 
  
   

"Perpetual devotion to whatl a man '
calls his business is only to be sustain- ' '
ed by perpetual neglect of many other ~ i,‘ »‘
things. " J

-Robert Louis Stevenson

  
 
 
  

 

Jamming in the ballroom

reunited to tour with reggae singer

Jimmy Riley and‘will 'be bringing
their tunes to the Albany, Campus Center
Ballroom on October 18. The rhythm and
lyrics‘ of reggae are relaxing, even
trancelike with their repetitious sounds.
The appeal of reggae stems from the com-
raderie animated in its listeners.

Debbie Farron

Born in Kingston, Jamaica, Jimmy Riley
was inspired as a teenager by the soulful
style of Slim Smith, a popular Jamaican
singer. He h'as.been writing and recording.
reggae songs for 20 years, and his great

contribution to this music bears fruit with
the vocal style of the late, great Sam
Cooke.

B ob Marley’s band, the Wailers, has

 

 

Success first sparked for Riley‘with his
5010 records after he formed Yes, his own
record label. Hits such as “Majority Rule”.
:‘Give Me Some More”. and “Tell the

Youths the Truth” featured his rich, heart u

r

felt vocals and meaningful lyrics that enabl-
ed him to become a favorite of roots au-
diences. With his latest LP, Put The People
First, Jlmmy Riley has attained full artistic
maturity and is recognized as a maJor force
in reggae music.

Opening for the Wailers will be the
Stompllslico, the group that won the battle
of the bands in the 1984 Telethon. With,
their diverse round, this should be a-
welcome introduction to ‘the concert. The

 

W

 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
  

 

The original Wailers. toalulna Bob Marcy. The Wailers will be appearing in the Ballroom
tonight, leaturlng troniman Jimmy Riley.

  
  

‘ University Concert Board has decided to para” rhythm section and deep, melodic

work with the Campus radio station.
WCDB, and its Third World program to
co~promute this peformance.

The Wailers promise to be entertaining
and hope to attract a large crowd. The
group recently played at the Beacon
Theater in Manhattdn and received ex-
cellent reviews Listeners relished the non-

w
w

voice of Jimmy Riley.

Friday, Oct. 18 should be a night out
devoted to reggae sounds from the
Wailers. You won't forgrt Jimmy Riley, a
first rate vocalist who’ll produce dreamy
melodies with his soulful voice and will
urge the audience to “Live right and praise
God.” [I]

 

   
   

in a slingshot
I strain. against
the rubberband ’I.
gripping wood ‘1
knuckles White
splinters add

 
   
   
   
 
 
   

  
   

   
   
 

 

 
 
   
  
    

 
    
  

  
  
  
 
 
   
   

 

  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 

