 

 

Sports

 

 

Fraternities revive interest ’
'in Albany athletics "
See page 18' '

  

 

 

MARCH 26, I985

 

Depth in pitching key faCtor in Danes-’seas

By Jeff Mailaber
STAFF WRIlt \'

Albany State baseball coach Ed Zaloom
is doittg a bit of fingernail biting these
days. There are a lot of things that he
knows about his l985 club.

He knows that the infield is going to be
solid defensively. The same thing goes for
the outfield. He knows his offense is going
to have to depend on speed instead of

 

 

The Danes defeated s racuee university inwarserlmmage held yest

power [0 SCOTC runs.

Still. it's the thing that he’s not sure ol
that bothtt's him. He's not sure about .ltc
depth of his pitching staff. With a schedule
that has him playing four important con-
ference games within three days. that is a
significant worry.

The coach does have three seasoned
starters. and two relievers .ltat are known
quantities. Juniors Chris Fletcher. Robert

  

season opener is on Fr day against Staten island.

Dane netmen head to Cornell

As it stands now. junior Dave Grossman will play t

By Kristine Sauer

     

DAVE IEMC UPS

erdey. Their

Tobias. and Warren Miller are three right
handers that can all do the job. in a star-
ting role. Sophomores Alan Pedley and
John Kalinsky can come in and give two or
three solit. innings of relief. The schedule
that the Danes play though. requires that
Coach Zaloom reach a little bit further
back and ﬁnd some young arms to fill the
holes.

Three freshman have joined the team

this year that Coach Zalown will be going .

to in the tight spots. Doug Reisinger. from
Schenectady, according to the coach. is a

. ﬁne young pitcher that needs only to work
‘ on control. Keith Zuckerman. at 6'3". 205

pounds, the biggest man on the team. is a

' hard throwing left handerwho also needs

to find the plate more often. Jim Garner
rounds out the field of rookies with ﬁne
control, but the coach wants to see his
strength increase.

in a season like this, with a number of
games packed into very li.tle time. these
freshman will have to come through and.
give their elders time to rest. Coach

. Zaloom sees this as therkey to his team's

success. He said yesterday. “We have a

.' real quality pitching stafﬁit's just depth

that l’m \.orrled abetrt.?."§fThe yettngsters
will have to come along fast. but the coach
couldn't be more optimistic about their
ability.

The infield is very solid. Howie Ham-
mond is back at third after an all-
eonference freshman performance. He

. combines a great bat with a steady glove,

sporting a .400 batting average and a ﬁne

fielding record last year. 7 _
Anthony Torrez is feady for his senior

season at 'second base. Like many second

ASSOCIATE). 'ORTS EDITOR

Traditionally. the Albany State men's tennis
team has very successful spring seasons. if their
strong 7—2 fall performance carries over into this
spring, it looks like the netmen will once again live
up to tradition. but it won‘t be easy with tough
teams like Cornell. Colgate. Concordia and
Williams on the schedule.

“Our schedule is tougher in the spring than in the
fall." said Head-Coach Bob Lewis. "We play many
quality teams with very few breathers."

The Danes' successes mounted in the fall. A ﬁrst-
place finish in the RH tournament was followed by
an impressive third place in the ECAC tournament.
then a seventh place in the Great Dane Classic,
finishing with their sixth consecutive SUNYAC
title.

“We had an excellent fall season. it was much
better than i expected," said Leuis. who wasn't
sure what to expect after losing top seeded players
after graduation in Spring '84. “The guys moved
up and really did an excellent job. Experience and
confidence developed in the fall," added Lewis.

The team lineup will start off as it finished in the
full for at least the sermon opener today at Cornell.
Challenge matches will be held soon to reshuffle the
players.

“The challenge matches give people a chance to
move around." said team captain Jay Eisenberg.
“They give people the chance to play where they
should be. We want the best guy to play nutttoer
ottc."

Challenges only occur a few times during each
season. "Yott want to giyc people a fttir shake. but
the competitiveness is bird for learn morale." Silld

liiscnhcrg. "You have to get back to playing the
hatsics."

“it's so tough, with Inc, .lny turd Duvc we're so
close. if one of us hits it good dtty. It's tough to say
ulto'd win," said four Sclnnitr. “With the pressure
.tlonc. illlyllllllt' goes. llopctully it won’t screw
.lll)l)tltl)’ up too luttl untl burn thcnt ottr l'ot lllL’ t'chl
oi tltc t.L'£t'n)lt."

 

ﬁrst singles for the Danes. This is Grossman’s third '
year of varsity competition. in the fall, Grossman -

was SUNYAC champion at first singles. Last spr-

ing, he and doubles partner David Ulrich competed .

in the NCAA tournament. lll Division ill.
Grossman is currently ranked 26th in the nation for
singles players. and with doubles partner Tom
Schmitz. is ranked l3th nationally. .

At second singles and ﬁrst doubles with
Grossman is junior Tom Schmitz. who is also in his

third year of varsity competition. Scltmltz \tas '

runner-up in the SUNYACs in the fall and has since

been playing in a local pro league with top area 

players. “i use that to keep me active,” said
Schmitz. .
“They're very close ability wise.” said Lewis.

“Right now they have .t national ranking in doubles ‘

and both have a good chance of representing the
East region in the nationals." The nationals will be
held in Lexington. Virginia at Washington and Lee
University.

Junior Jay Eisenberg, who is the team captain.-

plays third singles for the Danes. Lisenberg Wit.) a
runner-up in the SUNYACs in the fall. it is also his
third year of varsity competition. Eisenberg also
plays second dotrbles with Mike Dermansky.

Dermansky. another titird year junior. was
SUNYAC champion at fourth singles last fall.

“l'll look for those guys to lead the team, they all
had excellent falls." said Lewis.

At fifth singles is Mitclt Gerber. The only senior
on the team. Mark Sanders plays sixth singles.
Sophomore DltVC Zobler. who played sixth and
seventh singles during the fall. is currently in the
seventh slot.

I'7.obler has llll excellent chance to break into
rtnd play in the lineup." said Lewis.

The team is looking forward to their trip to
l’loridrr from Mrrrch .ll to April (r. l'ircy‘ll he stay-
ing in the Orlando mutt. sltttl have three matches
scheduled and possihl) rtlmlllcr.

basemen. Torrez fea.ures a very solid

glove but a little trouble at the plate. if ,

Torrez can continue to improve offensive-
ly. he will be a major contributor in '85.

First base is up in the air to a certain ego
tent. Sophomore Steve ‘ Antico and

freshman Adttm Pullman are battling for;
the position. When asked about an even-f

. tual starter. Zaloom said. I‘l don’t know.
Until someone shows that they can do the .-_
rjob consistently. we won't know.’" _
Captain Dave Theleman anchors the ’

defense at shortstop. Strong on both of-
fense and defense. this junior will be a key
to the Danes future. Coach Zaloom sees
him as a natural leader that the rest of the

1 players can look to in the tough situations. _'

Last year’s catcher. Dave Hennessey.
returns for his junior season with two able
bodied challengersto spuryhim on. Ed
Dicks and Mike DO‘ gherty, a Walk-on suc-
cess story. are ' tting for the'job, but
Hennessey figures to hold on.

~ The outfield is lead by Jeff MacEadhron I

in center, whom Coach Zaloom calls-f-“a

real lOQ percenter.“ Mike Vosburgh will{
play a rock steady right field while 'perfOr- '
. ming well at the plate. Bob Martilla, Braig

lWallace. and Fred Saccocio will fight it
out for the left field spot. .

1985 is a landmark year for the Danes.
Coach Zaloom wants to stabilize a pro-
gram' that has seen a few too; many
coaching changes lately. He likes what he

— sees this year. He sees a team with a lot of

heart and a winning attitude. The young
pitchers “ill be the key to making arm. at
the conference championship. but the

coach knows his players are winners from_

the word go.

for season 

 

  

on '

 

mum:rmusichuddenly'itlie bodies sldodtup .in' a
‘l rush- of- movement ‘ as! the 1 tiliidc’piei’clng"
notes of the drumbeat transformed the’“"

 

ERICA BPIEGIL Uf'8

to cover expenses. the netmen lllth.‘ been doing Mitch Gerber shown In action during the fall season. He will be
19» slated in the filth singles slot this spr no.

 

 

 

cc t5

Rolling into Vacation Tuesday, March 26, 1985

 

uring the course of the past year,
D Proctor’s has brought some of the
most exciting groups in abstract

and modern dance to it's stage. This past
Saturday’s performance of the Nickolais

Dance Theatre Was another choreograghed _

step in that direction.

Rina Young

The first notes of the music resounded‘in
the theatre as the lights dimmed for the
first piece entitled Pond. The raised curtain
revealed a stage that paralleled the per-
sonification of an abstract' painting as the
lights created yellow and green mosaic
shapes with a dark backdrop both on the

stage and the dancers. The spotlights on
the'dancers were light enough to allow one
to discern t‘ke‘shapes‘of the d’anCers from
the background, but not enough to dif-

 

 

ferentiate the patterns of the costumes' r
from the patterns which the light played" " -

upon their bodies. 2 I ‘

The dancers were on their backs, legs
stradled, against the psychedelic backdrop
of light and color as the kalaidoseope

began to move slowly. Balanced on low-

dollies, the dancers began to stretch and-

twist their arms around, modulating back '

and’forth with the random chords of the

mood into a frenzy of motion. The cresen—

It ~I- .do of movement returned to it’s original '

‘ ‘slow melodic quality and the flagellatlon of
underwater-movement was 'quieted. The

calm and peacefullness of the underwater ‘

‘world of the pond returned.

Slowly, the dark, primordial motions of
pairs of cells group together in the image of.
a moving sculpture. The Vspotlights were

turned off and all that was left was the .

mosaic pattern of light as all of the motion
.. was personified in the dancers. The troupe
locked arms with one another. "and still
placed on the moving dollies, left the stage
in a snake train creeping slowly off the side
of the stage: I ’
The company was founded by Alwin
Nickolais whose work as a choreographer
has spanned four decades. He has given a

he stood under the hot beating
S streams of the shower, twisting her

neck and turning her face down ‘

toward the corner. Part of the shower
pounded her back and shoulders, caressing
and comforting her, while the rest noisily
hit the ceramic floor of the tub, drowning
out the sobs.

Karen Pirozzi

 

 

There was no one else there. Michael.
wasn’t there. No one would hear her cry.
but she had to hide it lust the same. When
she left the steamy bathroom her eyes
would be dry and made up. Like always.

Like always. Never again. i always say
never again, and i always think i mean it. i
do mean it. But he loves me. He does. l’m
better than to just walk out when he loves
me. it doesn‘t hurt all that much. He could
really hurt me if he Wanted to. Of course.
He doesn't want to. He doesn't want to
lose me. He loves me. He wouldn’t stay if
he didn’t. Heneeds me. i need him. l do.

 

 

, .

 

 

' new dimension to dance with the use of his ,

visual artistry and thus created his own uni-
que form of abstract theatre. it is not
enough to note the physical movement of

the dancers onstage without also en-l

countering the optical illusions and in-
terplay with the technical .aspects of a
theatrical production.

in the second piece, Tensile Involve-
ment, the dancers ran onto the stage fron
both sides holding long straps of material
that were suspended from the ceiling of the
stage as well as from the opposite sides
behind the curtain. These crisscrossedthe
stage and formed a woven pattern of lines

1 r

   

.areptt ‘ r - . .t v- ' »
that resemble the 'chlidren's game of cats
cradle. The dancers themselves wove in
andout of the pattern yet didn’t get en»
tangled into this web of lines. As the
dancers raised and lOWered the straps, the
light played onv'the stage'and every dif-'
ferent geometrical arrangement was of a
different hue. . '

As the beat of the music-slowed, the
dancers prepared themselves'for. another
entanglement with the straps as-they slow-
ly outlined themselves in the two dimen-
tional form of a rectangle. As the audience
applaused this magical mathemetical feat
of encasing their 3-D bodies in 2-D form,

No. No. No. l have to leave. Where? To
where? Not physically. Not what place,
but where? Without Michael.

She shook harder. '

“Lisa, i love you. l’m so sorry. Really. it
just happened. i lost control. i admit it, but
that can’t end everything between us.
Without you i. . .”

"Michael, you make this sound like it's
something new." Loudly. "You hit me."
Her voice cracked. "You hurt me; We
forgiven you before ’cause l'm stupid.
Because i loved you. Past tense, got it? No
one'is going to get away with treating me
this way."

"Lisa." He took her limp hand and kissed
the back, the front. "l'd be your slave. l

, swear. Maybe i lost my head once, but you

know l'd do anything to keep you from be
lng hurt. .. really hurt. There are a lot
worse things than what happened before.
You know i love you and can't live
without you. You don’t want to be alone."

She looked at him and hugged herself. "i
love you, too, but get out of here. Come
back tomorrow."

 

 

 

Nicholais personifies art

they began to rock back and forth and the
image created was of rectangles
' modulating to the beat of the music. ‘As the
'dancers lowered themselves to the floor,
they held the straps around them.,raised
their legs and the rectangles were slowly
raised in a 90 degree angle to the floor.
Moving on the different planes until they
hit the floor.’ the dancers disengaged the
shapes and recreated the woven tapestry as
they bounced off the lines. Only one
dancer remained to weather what now
seemed like a violent storm as the other
dancers manipulated the straps from off
stage and threw her back and forth amidst
the violent waves of the sea.

  
   

  

photoby P.5ertlralot '

The music for ‘the next piece, Graph.
was slowerer paced, s'eemingly lulled
through‘the synthesizer. The curtain raised
to unveil the grid pattern of a graph which
started from the center of the stage floor
and rose ‘on'a curve to the ceiling of the
back of the stage. lnfront of the raised
graph was the pattern of the continuing
grid covering thefloor. The dancers mov-
e‘d within the grid patern in: linear
movements restricted by the geometry of
the squares. Each step was by quadrant and
only randomly did a dancer freeform

. across the pattern for a short instant, stopp-
ing himself as if something would take
away his freedom tosoon. Yet after this

I Without Michael

But he hurt me. He hurt me. i let him, and l
always let him. I hate him.
She turned off the water and sank to the

' 'bottom of the tub. She shivered as the cold

‘draft mingled with the droplets on her
skin.
l have to stop it, but l’ll never get away
from him. Never. i can't. i love him. No. i
hate him. 1‘" stop him. He won't hurt me
again.

After she'd dressed and colored her eyes
and long fingernails, she went into the liv-
lng room to wait for Michael. She heard
him in the hall. She saw him walk in and
his eyes get closer to hers until the two
eyes became one eye, and she felt him kiss
her.

"What’s wrong, Lisa? Come on. You’re
not still mad."

She picked up the small, hard pistol that
sat next to her on the couch, waiting with
her.

"Michael, you're finally going to get '
what you deserve." She put the gun to her
head and pulled the trigger.

 

 

first escape from the linear bond, the
whole troupe began to enjoy the random
motion as the stiffness of movement gave
way to slaccatto leaps and slow streches
that explored the rigid boundaries which
encased them.

The other parts of this piece explored
the range of movement that the human
body may take, and beyond. in one such

. segment, two dancers were positioned
upside-down, almost defying gravity with
their legs above their heads, against a large
3x3 plastic grid upon which their legs
became the hands of a clock as they rested
their shoulders on the floor. it seemed as if
any skeletonal support was eliminated
from their bodies as their legs rotated along
the face of the clock. After this physical
embodiment of time, they moved behind
the panes of the grid, stepped up on the
ledge, and the grids holding the dancers
were carried away by figures dressed in
cloaks. ,

As the lights were raised to signal intcr-
mission, the audience was alloWed to catch
it's breath frdm a spectacular combination
of visual imagery from light to motion.
The second “half, which was made up of
several V pieces under the 'title. The

r Mechanical ,Organ, was" just that,
. _mechanical. Perhaps ithpaled'in comparison
since the veiwer was accustomed to the

brilliance experienced in the first half.
However it was not without it's high
points, for a group such as this was not
found to be lacking in imagination. Yet the
second half fell short of the aesthetic im-
pact which the firsl half had made with the
aid of the lighting and costumes.

The last piece brought with it-lhe more
humanside of the dancers as,they played
back and forth with each other, balancing
and performing acrobatic leaps that intert-
wined into a semblance of human emotion
and imagery.

One can only be facinated at the inven-
liveness and genius of the Nickolais Dance
Theatre and hope that in the future, one
will once again see the freshness and
creativity which Nickolais has brought to
the stage. D

 

 

 

 

 

 

