  

 

W a. a 

mi N, , I,   ,
\\\n\\l\\\\\ n\u-uu\uuul\\\\\\\\\\\\|\\u\\ \\\ \\\\\\\\ nun“ m.
3 ‘% £3 «’4 3” gr
’- ‘ ’1
‘ / ’ a?
_ g / ‘ ﬂ 0|
. . ' 12' 

/
.0 @ﬂ ‘ a ’
. - - . -. \I\\I\\.\:u\.\~\\\-\

   
   
  

   

u...
gum“...

“mail ‘ .m _ - r“;‘.;.;.'_;..:..\.. mint...
l  y, I.

\\‘n\\ \\\\\\u \\\\\\\\\u\\

Vigilante V
Jusﬁce‘

 

 

by .JOh'ri'"

 

Let's playgan old game, one youmight remember from
Child magazine, or Sesame Street. but one you probably
never thought you could play in the ASP. Let’s play
What Doesn’t Belong? I'm sure you remember'the rules.
Ready? What doesn't belong? ' ’

1-"Go ahead. Make my day.”

2-"But since this is a .44 Magnum, the most powerful
handgun in the world, and will blow your head clean ‘
015‘, What you’ve got to ask yourself is ‘Do I feel Iucky?’.
Well, do ya, punk?” -

3-“You don ‘t look so bad. Here's another.”

What doesn't belong? Number 3 - which was supposed-
ly said in the real world.

 

 

 

Let's talk about movies.» Movies are .great,fun..
They're entertaining, occasionally educational,,and
above all, they’re an escape. It’s this ability,: the
ability to allow viewers a vacation from the real
world, that has made movies as popular as they
are. But while Luke is destroying the Death Star,
Rocky is 'going- the distance, and Bronson is
shooting muggers on the streets quew York,. it is
important to remember that fantasy in. fantasy and
reality, reality. . .

When Clint Eastwood, or john Wayne, or any
typical macho hero straps on his sixguns because
"there’s a time when a man's gotta do what alman’s
gotta do,” that’s escapism. Fantasy. People like it, .

‘ because subconsciously, that’s how mostof them

feel crime should be handled. With a firm' and 
forgiving hand. ,. W, V " '- V’ '
America’s relationshipWith'VIg

 

 s . . 
! ante justice iS a

bizarre one. It's a relationship fostered by rising

crime rates and consistently inefficient police pro:
tection, fueled by frustration at long, dragging
court cases and technicalities that allow criminals .to
go free. , x

New York’s recent embrace of subWay gunman
Bernard Goetz typifies America’s traditional reac-
tion to the vigilante. While the media generally
takes a position against such action, and the politi-
cians do their standard job of deploring the situa-
tion, the average citizen tends to see the vigilante
as a hero.

This image -— the vigilante as a force of good
unhampered by the restrictive rules of the judicial ‘
system —— was derived from the country's early
history, where, as late as the 1900’s, vigilantism
was the primary means’of frontier justice. As new
areas were settled, and outlaws moved to where
communities were newest and the law . was
weakest, vigilantism became the response to the
problems which resulted from a weak legal force.

Vigilantism was occurring in America as early as
1767 and is still in existence today. After the
Revolutionary War, vigilantism followed the
pioneers westward. There were known vigilante
movements as late as 1910, and although the Ku
Klux Klan is nothing more than a haven for fat,
dumb bigots to pat each other on the back and talk
about how superior they are to "the niggers," it is
probably still an active vigilante force. However,
this aspect of vigilantism is glossed over, and the
image that comes to most people's minds when the
word “vigilante” is mentioned ‘ is probably
something remarkably like a vision of Alan Ladd
strapping on his guns to go fight the lawless Ryker
brothers in Shane. _

Sadly, this mentality seems to have carried over
into people’s conception of the recent Bernard
Goetz case. Goetz, who's actually been dubbed the
Subway Shane, has with four quick shots (and the
above-mentioned “another”) become New York’s
newest hero. While a stand against crime is always
to be applauded, and while there is very little
wrong with a citizen defending himself, certain

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

        

aspectslof the incid , aven’t been ‘exami _'very
clOsely inNew York'srrush- to create a messiah‘ out
of it's newest vigilante. Let’s take a look at Goetz’s

,case

Four black teenagers approach an older white
~male}. One of them is' allegedly carrying a‘shgrpen-
‘ed screwdriver in his pocket. The white male is car-
r'yiri’glagun; ~3-- ’9 ‘ ’ “  .- v
' The ybuths make “threatening gestures" and'ask

for five dollars. ‘ 1" l . ‘ '
’ The white male shoots them, hitting one"in the

back as he'is ﬂeeing. He then approaches another a - ‘v
' this fact is playing upon all the hooplasurrounding '

who; having been hit; is lying "on.the. floor of the
train andr'says L“Yew don't" lookso bad;= here’s
another,” shooting him again.

it doesn't make that great a movie script, does it?
his hardly the stuff which heroes are made of.

if Clint Eastwood was doing it, the four men,(
Clint doesn't shoot teenagers, after all ) would have
all been armed. They wouldn’t have bothered
Clint himself; he probably ,would have been forced
to,come to the aid of some woman or old man
they were harassing.

And Clint certainly wouldn’t have drawn first.

The city’s'reaction ,to“ Goetz was spectacular,
even though he did 'draw first. A man who would
stand up "for himself, the tabloids cheered. So-
meone who understood what it was like to be
afraid, the‘citizens'of New‘York exclaimed. Even
the black Community reacted initially with favor
for this hero 'who would "defend himself." When

Goetz finally surrendered himself to the police a

week later, he recieved nothing less than a hero’s
welcome from the, adoring public as he arrived in
New York for trial.

The Post welcomed Goetz as ahero. The city
residents took up a collection to pay his bail. They
wrote letters to the newspapers praising him for a
job well done, posted handbills congratulating him
for taking action, and created such a swell of
grassroots support that the man became a national
sensation. And deep down in the back of
cverybody's mind was that image of Alan Ladd
buckling on his holster, of Charles Bronson
shooting down a rapist, or of themselves shooting
down that guy who mugged them last year. Oh,
the. cry went up, the criminals are running scared
and isn't it great to be one of the good guys.
Hooray for Bernie Goetz!

Why was Goetz’s case so extraordinary? There

have been other cases of vigilantism‘in'New York

 

  

 

 

before, someobviously more heroic than Goetz’s.

r ‘50 what ‘is it about the small, slightly wimpy little

man who singlehandedly shot down four teenagers

that makes him such a hero? Is it that he makes

such a perfect Clark Kent, an unassuming man who

seems no match‘for the evils of the city? is it that

New Yorkers have finally reached'the limit of their

tolerance to subway crime? ls it his charisma? ~
Or is it that he's white?

3 Subtle, and sometimes blatant, racism is especial-
ly prevalent in vigilantism, where there is nothing

'to‘ stop such feelings from translating intoaction.
. _The‘Ku Klux Klan is one of'the most powerful
‘ ,. vigilante forces'in the history of the country, a
' force that still exists today. This secret society was

created following the Civil War, a bigoted,
dangerous force concerned with keeping the

blacksin “their place." For many years, the smallest -

offense, or even no offense at all, was enough to

I justify’the whippings, hangingsfburnings, and

other forms of torture inflicted upon minorities. g
Through the Klan, a large part of recent vigilantism
has been. nothing more than a tool to oppress the
black minority in the South.” ’ " ’ ‘ " "
Of course, Goetz doesn't belong to the Klan.
Not ‘all bigots do. But it still seems an amazing coin-
cidence that the. four yetithsGoetz decided to pull *

his gun on were all black.

One-has to wonder exactly how much of a role

Goetz. Thisman obviously punched a button on a
lot of New Yorkers. Sure, we’ve all daydreamed

' about being heroes. We've even all considered get-

ting up and blazing away at people who were an-
noying us. And when most .white, middle-class

'New Yorkers are living in constant contact with

violent Crime and are being forced to cope with a
woefully ' inadequate police force, it becomes
natural for one tofantasize that he could just Wipe
out all the crime.

But fantasy is fantasy. Reality is reality. And the
reality of the situation seems to be that no one is
really‘sure whether a crime had taken place when
Goetz firedfThe youths were certainly speaking to
Goetz; they may even have been hassling Goetz.
But the decision as to whether or not they were
threatening Goetz was entirely his; he decided, and

i he shot them.

Goetz had also been heard to say'at a communi-
ty meeting, that "the only way we’re going to
clean up this street is to get rid of the spies and
niggers.”

Perhaps this is not the man New York really

wants to leave'decisions of justice up to.

 

 

 

 

EQL‘ALLY' ODNOXIOL'S FORMS OF GOVERNMENT

 

—Alley in the Memphis Commercial Appeal.

 

Quick and easy justice is a temptation that is
very alluring. Goetz had been mugged once; he
was unsatisfied with the way the police had handl-
ed the matter. 50 he bought a gun and determined
that next time, he. would handle it himself. That
Way, he could be sure that the guilty wouldn’t get
away. ‘ .

its an attractive idea, certainly. That’s why a
vigilante is the news that he is. But in America,
guilty isn’t an easy word. It isn't something for one
man to decide. Especially not a frightened, bigoted
man with a grudge.

The most frightening thing about the Goetz case
is the city's reaction. Unfortunately, making a hero
out of a criminal is wrong, no matter how
frustrated, angry, or frightened you are. Standing
up for yourself is fine, but basically it is people like
Goetz who make romanticizing vigilantes such a
dangerous thing. America views the vigilante with
favor, and as a result, Goetz also looked on the
concept as quite an honorable one. Whether or not
he would be able to decide when he was really in
danger was a question that had never crossed his
mind, and so he panicked and fired on four kids
who may very well have been innocent. Perhaps.
he isn’t a hero.

That’s a possibility a lot of people are going to
have to look into.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

