 

 

 

Walk together 2

Six months ago..Karen Wilson, a SUNYA stu-
dent, left the Tanning Hut in Colonic. walking
alone. She hasn’t been heard from or seen since.
Jim Williams, SUNYA’s Director of Public Safe-
ty. thinks she’s dead. Even if she’s not, six months
is a long time to be missing.

You probably believe this would never happen
to you. Six months ago, Karen Wilson probably
believed that too. Now, six months later, her
friends and family can attest to the painful price
of this delusion. So can many people. most of
them women. living on this campus and iii this ei-’
ty. who’ve learned the hard way, what can happen
when you walk alone.

Sadly, it often takes a personally frightening in"-
cident to make believers out of us. Isn’t the disap-
pearance of one of our peers, someone many of us
know personally, enough of a lesson?

it was, when Wilson first disappeared. But now, -

six months later,.the posters are g‘one. the gossip
has stopped, the media coverage has slowed down,
and only a very few of us have remained conscious
of the number one rule for women’s safety (and.
not coincidentally, the name of our campus escort
service): Don’t Walk Alone.

it may seem ridiculous or infuriating to have to
rely on a friend or an escort service to walk with
you, yet it is clearly better to feel stupid or be
angry then to be harrassed or missing.

Although we’ve chosen this occasion to remind
everyone of Karen .Wilson. the time to remember
her is not at the six-month anniversary of her
disappearance, but everytime you take a risk by
walking alone. as she did last March 27:

— Everytime you walk out of the library and tell
our escort service. “No. I don’t need an escort.
l’m just a short walk away."

-— Everytime you tell your friends not to bother
escorting you home because you’re sure you’ll be
fine.

— Everytime you let someone leave your dorm
room or your house, walking alone.

Take advantage of this campus’ escort service
or just ask some friends tomeet you at the bus. All
it takes is a little foresight to avoid some potential-
ly frightening moments. ' ,

Don't Walk Alone is more than just a gimmicky
name for SUNYA's escort service. it’s the most
important and simplest women’s safety measure.
it may be too late for Karen Wilson, but it’s not
too late for you.

We won

Within the next year the SUNY board of
trusteees will sell off all its stocks in companies
that operate in South Africa: assets totalling more
than $11 million. '

Members of the board cited numerous reasons
for voting to do this, but student activism wasn’t
one of them. The New York Times managed to
cover the whole event without ever even mention-
ing the students at all.

And yet it seems that it was a student victory.
Not just for SASU. who's been working on this
for years. but for all the students who ever attend-
ed a rally. wrote a letter. or signed a petition. All
these tactics came together last week, playing a
significant role in the outcome of the board's vote.

it's true that certain members of the board pro-
bably voted for divestment because their holdings
are no longer paying as well as they once did. But
the uncertainty of the South African economy.
which is a major reason their investments no
longer pay well. can be traced in part to a small
but powerful divestment movemnt in this coutry,
a movemnt in which students have often led the
wily.

Students in this country have. through protest
and rallies. helped raise public awareness of the
harsh realities of South African apartheid.

The result has been strong public pressure on
corporations to either divest or or ntake major
reforms in employment practices.

The Board of Trustees is probably not anxious
to acknowledge student activism as a powerful
force. Maybe the Times took their cue from that,
but we should still claim it as our victory. It’s been
a hard fought battle and we've won.

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 

\\\ \w‘t

 

“‘-
ww‘illlthldlt‘tk ‘ -

.\\\ *
.\\\ttl. with u

\\ \‘l
.\\\ .\\\l '  .

 
 

  

    
   
  
 

 

e'c of Dignity. . .

(icorgc ()rwell once wrote something to the effect that
pdvcrty,‘ or the impulse and need to beg. frees people
from standards of behavior just as money frees people
from work.

ﬁcseph Fusco i

Having received this amusing littlc dispensation front
hillllty, politeness and any other sweetly neck-wrenching
half-Itclsons bestowed in the testament of civilization
(including fashion sense). my new friend Gilbert and 1,

 

 

fumbling with a guitar. bongo drums and an amplifier. r

wandered into the intestines of Paris. There, amidst
homeless gunk. stray liquids. vagrant silt and dcliqtlent
oxygen. we were Slll'l.‘ that my three days worth of stubble.
(iilbcrt's acne and his offensively patterned jackct would
net us at least 80 francs this afternoon. So we banged and
plucked. nbt to add to the glory of Frcnclt culture. btlt to
create in ottr guitar case a pile of other people's money.
We tricd to look sullcu.

()ll. dignity, ltow hard it is not to smile graciously as so-
ntconc losses at night‘s lodging into the case! People smil-
cd sympathetically ill us, no dotth wondering how men of
such tttlcnt wcrc cruelly reduced to this standard of
behavior. We were begging. Filthy with the war paint of
urbttn stlrvivnlisln. we werc squatting in three inches of
dirt and we were begging.

“You weren‘t begging," said a friend recently. "and it
wasn't :1 question of your dignity. either." in a sense. I
guess she was right. Our hands were clean. We entertain-
ed, provided a service. and in simple economics our
"fee" was rightfully ours. It was it fair exchange. We
were ttllowcd to "beg" with it clear conscience and witlt
dignity.

Only if it were ttlwttys trtlc.

We all beg. We beg and it isn‘t simply a mnttcr of
grinley clothes. tattered shoes and at tin cup. Whether as
am individual. :I group or a society we have needs and we
lulvc wants (often rightfully). As ttlways. something or so-
mcoue has the means to give it to us. So with our cars to
ottr dignity, we drag ottt ottr guitars and our bongos and
we pluck and bang ottt of a vague sense of u need to
justify our petitions. Secretary of Defense Caspar
Wcinbcrgcr takes an eighty-piece orchestra of facts and
figures (with Ronald Reagan on drums) concerning the
Soviet tlll'cttt up to Capitol Hill to beg for it new weapons
system. On the way otlt lllt.‘ door. they nearly trample the
two people from human services with a coffee can and a
stick each. it‘s not the begging. bltt the level of dignity we
allow. We can't remove “begging” front our society en-
tit‘cly. we just need to spread tllc dignity evenly.

There is il lot of banging and plucking going on this
yctlr and yet. still, there are goittg to be it disproportionate
number of ftlll titl cups and cttlpty tin cups. tts tllc accom-
ptlllyillg churt indicates. Tile costs to society. and human
dignity, will be high.

it‘s not that at certnin amount of begging says
something about our society that should obsess us. btll
rather we should worry about the way we treat the people
and things under our care. The dignity we create depends
on our willingness to give and nurture hunltttt life.

We ought to worry than when this country ttsscsscs its
needs this year and when the begging is over. that's not
when the begging bcgills...

 

 

.. .When the Begging
Begins. '

.What does the defense budget say about our

willingness to nurture the quality of human

life? Below are glaring examples of the
disparity and social costs inflicted on our

dignity as a caring, benevolent society. Does,‘

moral bankruptcy preclude begging?

460 meals for the homeless in Grand Central
Terminal = $439 = One 155mm high ex-
plosive shell ‘ ~

Proposed I986 cuts in guaranteed student
loans and in campus-based financial aid for

students = $2.3 billion = 1986 budget for the

M-1 tank.

Proposed 1986 cut ill Mcdicareiser'i'ices 1: $4
billion 2 proposed budget for low altitude
antisatcllite weapons.

Proposed Federal cuts in housing for the
elderly and the handicapped, and the propos-
ed cut in energy assistance for the poor = $1.5
billion = One marine amphibious assault
ship. ' '

Proposed 1986 cuts in A1 DS research and con-
trol = $10 million = five air launched cruise
missiles. '

What is needed to abate the growth of hunger:
a one third increase in funding for the Federal
school lunch program. food stamp program.
and W1C program = $5.3 billion = The
Army‘s single channel ground and airborne
radio system.

The Senate Republicans‘ 1986 budget pro-
posal for freezing the cost-of—living ad-
justmct.ts in Social Security and similar pen-
sion payments, which would push 420,000
people into poverty, plus suggested cuts in
farm income subsidies as well as Federal funds
for housing = $25 billion = The MX missile
program.

Proposed 1986-87 cuts in Federal funding for
subsidized lunches for New York City school
children = 53.7 million = v 800‘ Army
multiple-launch rockets. ‘ i l -

 

Smtrce: The New. York Times. 4/22/85

.t......lti.t.t.

 

 

 

Sukk' or: imitation
To the-Editor:

it was most gratifying to see more than 700 Jewish
students attend SUNYA Yom Kippur services this year.
While’we strived to best: meet the needs of those in atten-
dance. we welcome your".suggestions for next year (c/o
Campus Mail. Box 22249). -

With Yom Kippur now behind us. the High Holiday
season does not yet end, but continues with the Festival of
Sukkot, the "season. of our rejoicing." an eight day
period of expanded joy that serves to add balance to'the

inner contrition which our soul experiences during the 1‘

pre~Yom Kippur period. Now, in celebration of- the

harvest and symbolic-ofour faith in G-d, we dwell in the_
frail Sukka hut. We take the Lulav and Etrog. reminders ‘

ofthe unity of all types of Jews. and wave it in all direc~
tions as we celebrate G-d’s presence throughout the
world. -
Please don't forget Sukkot. the Jewish community of
SUNYA invites you to join us in celebration. Lulav and
Etrog will be available in the Campus Center Lobby this
Thursday and Friday (11 a.m. - 1 p.m.), and you will find
Sukka huts adjacent to the Kosher Kitchen on' Dutch
Quad. and at Shabbos HOuse (67 Fuller Road at
Perimeter Road).
- —-Rabbi Yaakov (Jay) Kellman

Out of the (ashes

To the Editor:

On Sunday. 26 May 1985. Chapel House. the interfaith ‘

center on the SUNYA campus. was destroyed by ﬁre.
Returning students recall that Chapel 'House was a hand-
some building on a wooded knoll opposite the gym where
campus ministers of the Jewish and Christian faiths had
their offices and where services and other activities of tile
religious communities were held. it was also a place where
sltldentrs could get away‘ from the main campus to study
or just relax. its burned out shell still stands as a reminder
of the service it provided to several generations of
- SUNYA students. ' .

Since the fire. the campus ministers have worked out of
a temporary office space in the Campus Center. and
space on and off campus has been found fonservices and
other activities. Btlt many students have inquired about
plans for a new Chapel House and about ways in which
they can help - unhappin rumors have even circulated to
suggest that we would not rebuild. '

As" President of the interfaith community board which
actually owns Chapel House. 1 am very happy to be able
to report to the Univesity community on the progress

 

 

ElflbIIlIlod In "1‘

Heidi J. Grails, Edllor In Cltlel
Dun Chang. John Keenan. Man-ulna Edllorlr

Allele Clnlborn, Junoa O‘sulllven
.................. ..lleno Wain-lain
. n. .

   
 
  
  

 

—
.......  Bpolllno
Mints-AI Eek
.Mero Borrnan Krlltlno Bauer
oeeph Fusco

‘ . _ .

Contributing ldiloro Dun Bets. Wayne Poemboom. Editorial Assistants:
Kan bomb-um. Butt o Dzunbe. Bill Jacob. Pun Sonnet-linen. David Wenhelm
stall mum: Karen Beck. Rachel Brulew. Luella emu. Doreen Clark, Ian
Clements, Mitts Donnenrlty. Rant Ginsberg. Lln Jacket. steoey Kern. John
Lab-to. Corey Levltan. J. Michael Melee. Michael Skolnlck

Mamie Bounthel, Bur/nus Manager
staph-hie Weill. AseocI-te Bus/nus Manager
Jooltl Midllnlty. Adveltlrrlng Men-arr
nan Fill-nor, Sales Manager

 

 

 

  
       

Illllnn
ctn'ullloi'truuw. ................................. ......Frlnlt Dlllberto
Advertising Boles: K Am r. Frank Cole. Drew Funa, chh Lilt, Mtohellu

Mulr- Kellett. Kellh Krbuahto, Bit-Ion Fired, Erie Roth Oiiloe sure Andy
Cohen. Amy Bliber. Hob Marin-III

Patricia allnnoin, Pmducllon Manager
Ohio! Ivan-“u ' ‘ ‘ Dllnuuo
WPIIII: Joan Christiano. Jodi Jacobs. Pun strauber. Putwpz Uu Bork-on.
Kirsten Crllt, Evan Hlnn, E. Phillip Hoover. D. Darrel Blot, M.D.Thompeon,
Sonia Valentin chauffeur: .llnl Lelly v '

Photography principally supplied by University Photo anion. a student
QIO

cnloi Photographer. Kenny Kirsch UPI stall: Mlonut Aelterman. snarl Albert,
Myrna Bravo. John Curry, Lynn Dreitue, Chuck Ginsberg, Em MIIHII, Mutt
Modievllll. Lin Simmons. Llnnbe snarling, Erie. Bpiegol. Tanya Steele.
Reward Tyaer. Merit Vocuelll

Entire contents copyright lilo Albany student Pree- thporellon. Ill right-
reserved.

The Albany student Prue In published Tuesdays and Fridays between
August and June by the Albany student Pru- Ccrperellon. an Independent
not-lcr-prcllt corporation.

Editorlets are written by the Editor in cute! wlth members at the Editaltsl
Board: policy to subject to review by the Editorial Board. Advent-lilo polley
does not necessarily reflect odltbrlli policy.

- M acute o:
Alblny ltudrnt Pru . GO 320
"00 Wultlnuton Ave.
Albany. NY 12233

 
 

 

Fllotl Advertising Production: area Bohr-nut. Jlll Gentile. Jun-r Horn-r. ‘

 

 

(M I) All-WW
‘1

which we are making towards'rebuilding. First of all. let
me say that the Board is firmly committed to rebuilding.
We do not expect to restore the ruins of the old Chapel
House; rather we intend to build a new facility equipped
to meet the needs of the religious communities at SUNYA
for many years to come.

Our timetable calls for a very open planning process to
be completed by December of this year. a major fundrais-
ing campaign invthe larger community in the spring, and
groundbreaking and the beginning of construction of the
new Chapel House one year from now. The process will
take time. but we believe that we can best serve the
University community by being‘ both earefuL' and
thorough, and by involving as many people as possible.

To that end. the planning committee is holding a'series
of open meetings On campus, at which all members of the
University community are welcome. The chairman of that
committee is Mr. Robert Ganz. and the first meeting is on
Wednesday, 2 October, at 8:00 pm. in the Campous
Center. Room 358. .

Although Chapel House was insured, the insurance
proceeds will not be enough to fund the expanded facility
which we envision. Many‘people. partiéularly students,
have expressed an interest in contributing funds or help-
ing to raise funds. The Board is grateful for these offers
of help. S.A'. President Steve Gawley has been asked to
appoint a student coordinator for such efforts, and tile
Board has designated a recent SUNYA graduate, .Mr.
David Schultz. to act as our liaison with student fundrais-
ing efforts. ‘

The response of the University community to the loss
of Chapel House has been gratifying. We shall do our
best to keep you infiormed, as well as involved, as we pur-
sue the rebuilding effort. .

7 ' —The Very Reverend Gary W. Kriss
President of the Chapel House Board of Directors

Noise noises

To the Editor:

On Monday. September 23. 1985. two activities took
place on the SUNYA campus. in close proximity of each
other. The first was a large. loud. highly emotional pro—
test. voicing support for SUNYA's divestment from com-
panies who do business in or with South Africa. This
took place in front of the Campus Center. The second
took place less"thah 50‘meters away, in room 129 of the
physics building. it was a meeting of the Physics and
Astronomy Club. at which Dr. Harold Story was conduc-
ting a training course in how to use the observatory
telescope. The meeting progressed quietly as Dr. Story
talked of celestial spheres, right ascencion and declina-
tion. Questions were asked and answered. Several times
throughout the evening the chanting from the Campus
Center protest rose to the point where it was distracting
and one had to concentrate a little to hear and compr-
rehend what Dr. Story was saying. in spite of this, the
meeting went very well. . I

At the Campus Center protest. a single opinion was
voiced. (with the aid of aloud speaker) on a very complex
issue. Apparently the loud speaker was strong enough for
the Board of Trustees to hear. Whether the action they
took was good or bad; whether it helped or hindered the
cause of freedom in South Africa and the rest of the
world. 1 will leave up to the Political Science majors to
decide.

At the meeting in the physics building. Dr. Story
transmitted knowledge and information that has been
passed down for hundreds of years. This information is
useful in helping us to understand and deal with the
Universe around tls. The small group of individuals
gathered at this 'meeting were intrusted with this
knowledge and information. They must cxpttnd on it. if
they can. and then pass it down to the next generation, so
that they can expand on it and pass it down and so on for
hundreds of years after. Someday. in the distant future -
long after you and l are dead. long after the Bothtl
government has ceased to exist, perhaps long after this
campus has fallen into ruin - another professor will be in
,front of a small gathering passing on the knowlegdc and
techniques used in observing the sky. And while he talks
of celestial spheres. right ascensions and declination.
perhaps that small group will be disturbed by another
loud. short lived. political protest nearbyh

Of the two activities which took place on Monday.
September 23. 1985. i wonder which was the louder?

—Nlcholus Gross

Class a farce

To the Editor: ‘

1 ant tt student currently enrolled in MAT361 (Discrete
Probability). The instructor. Mr. Tomaszewski. is it
foreigner who can barely speak English or write it. You
would think that a person teaching a 300 level math
course would at least know what a coefficient is when
asked. be aware of the difference between a minus sign
and a slash. and know that at least we English speaking

people use a 26 letter'alphabet and not 32. (That came up
when Mr. Tomaszewski attempted a fairly common
license plate type problem.) Mr. Tomaszewski recently
assigned for homework some problems out' of our tex-
tbook. When he was questioned on how to do them. he
answered he was ’not familiar with these types of
problems. ‘

After events such as this. as well as others. one begins
to question the standards imposed by the math depart-
ment to insure quality in the instructors. it would be in-
teresting to see Mr. Jenkins. the chairman of the math
department. attend Mr. Tomaszewski's class. and
observe first hand some of these problems.

When 1 discussed 'these problems with Mr. Jenkins. 1
was told that if Mr. Tomaszewski did not understand my
questions, 1 should rephrase them. This becomes
ridiculous.

Mr. Jenkins. we students are paying for an education.
and what we are actually receiving is a farce.

——Dan Verkman

l.F.C. purpose

To the Editor:

1 would like to take this opportunity to thank the ASP
on behalf of the lnlcrfralcrnity Council for bringing our
organization to the attention of the student body in the
September 20 issue of the ASP.

The purpose of our organization is to provide an agen-
cy for fraternity self government. to provide a medium
for democratically considering the needs. purposes, pro-
blems and the conditions arising out of fraternity life on
and off campus, and to provide a medium for effecting
worthy programs of activities consistent with the pur-
poses of fraternity life. In addition to these purposes. the
l.F.C. will prot'oide an organized vehicle for the integra-
tion of the interests and affairs of fraternity life with the
general program of student life on campus.

If anyone has questions regarding Greek life on campus
or tile l.F.C. feel free to contact me at 455-6690. Thank
you.

-—.lohn. Lirzul
Secretary. l.F.C.

Why divest?

To the Editor:

lam still in disbelief over the SUNY Board of Trustees'
vote for divestment. Perhaps I am wrong but I thought
that one of the qualifications for being a member of the
Board was to possess some semblance of intelligence; and
when it comes down to it divestment just doesn't make
sense.

What bothers me even luore.tltan this vote is that many

of the students who say they support divestment don't
even know what they are supporting. SUNY has no direct
investments in the government of South Africa. Througll
divestment, SUNY will no longer be able to invest (buy
stock) in American companies which do business with
South Africa. These include most major American cor-
porations. such as Eastman Kodak. i.lJ.M.. C.B.S.. Ford
Motors. and Johnson and Johnson. These companies do
business with South Africa just as they do business with
most nations around the world. SUNY‘s divestment will
have no effect on the South African government since
these firms will contitttlc to operate and do business with
them. ,
Even if divestment did have some effect on tile com-
panies and they left South Africa and stopped d'nling
with them it would only hurt the blacks of South Africa
since these facilities are shining cxamplcs of desegrega-
tion. It would not hurt the South African government
since they would jst buy tile products tllcy needed from
other companies around the world.

To talk of divesting as a way to bring about an eltd to
apartheid is just another knee-jerk reaction which some
people have in times ofcrises - and when their knee jerks.
we get kicked. The students of SUNY are the only poten-
tial losers from divestment. Will SUNY now have to put
their endowment funds itlto less lucrative investments? If
so who will make up the difference? Perhaps tuition will
have to be raised or State taxes will be increased. Either
way tllc diffrcnce will be made up by thcr people of the
State of New York - and that's not fair.

Wlult \\ill come next? Will we bc asked to encourage
our piil’cnh \\ ho work for companies which do business
with South Africa to quit their jobs?

We all realize that upnrtllcid is wrong and should be
stopped but how we go about influencing cltttngc makes
all the difference. We need to look into more sensible
methods. not policies which hurl ourselves and tile very
people we are trying to help.

--1.ltwrence A. Stnub. .lr.

 

Bring letters to C6329.

 

 

 

 

 

